 Not to be confused with Kaiketsu ZorroKaiketsu Zorori (かいけつゾロリ Incredible Zorori) is a popular Japanese children's book series created by Yutaka Hara and published by Poplar Publishing. The original books were also made into an OVA animated feature-length film anime and comic. They all have Zorori in the title.
 How to Live (full name How to Live or a life of Montaigne in one question and twenty attempts at an answer) by Sarah Bakewell was published by Chatto & Windus in 2010 and by Other Press on September 20 2011. It is about the life of 16th century nobleman wine grower and essayist Michel Eyquem de Montaigne. In it Bakewell roughly maps out Montaigne's life against the questions he raises along the way drawing the answers to these questions from his Essays.
 I Can Do Bad All by Myself is a 1999 play directed by written by and starring Tyler Perry. The play marks for the first official appearance of the well-known fictional character Madea who is portrayed by Perry.
 The Tree Butcher is collection of 12 short stories written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Pilipiuk. The stories are not related in storyline however in some stories there is a character known to Pilipiuk's lovers - dr. Skórzewski.
 Set in Holland in 1624 The First Sir Percy by Baroness Orczy is another adventure featuring Sir Percy Blake a foreign adventurer and ancestor of the Scarlet Pimpernel who goes by the name Diogenes.The book is a sequel to The Laughing Cavalier and picks up the story a couple of months after the events in the first book.
 Dieu (God 1891) is a long religious epic by Victor Hugo parts of which were written between 1855 and 1862. It was left unfinished and published after his death.When it was rejected by his publisher in 1857 Hugo tried to integrate it into Petites Epopées (later La Légende des siècles) eventually announcing that it would form a companion work along with La Fin de Satan.
 Samtiden is a Norwegian political and literary magazine. It was founded by Jørgen Brunchorst and Gerhard Gran in 1890. The magazine's first publisher was John Griegs forlag (Bergen) and from 1900 Aschehoug (Oslo). Gran was the magazine's editor from 1892 to 1925. Cathrine Sandnes has been editor-in-chief since 2006. Samtiden is a member of the Eurozine network.
 Yakitate!! Ja-pan (焼きたて!! ジャぱん meaning Freshly Baked!! Ja-pan the pan also meaning bread in Japanese) is a manga authored by Takashi Hashiguchi serialized in Shogakukan's Shōnen Sunday which has been adapted into an anime television series by Sunrise. The manga has spanned 26 tankōbon volumes while the weekly serialization of the manga has ended as of January 10 2007.
 Everybody Loves a Good Drought is a book written by P. Sainath about his research findings of poverty in the rural districts of India. The book won him the Magsaysay Award.
 Feminism Unmodified: Discourses on Life and Law is a 1987 book by feminist academic Catharine MacKinnon. The book is a collection of essays by MacKinnon delivered during the 1980s and it is a radical feminist critique of pornography and liberal feminism.
 The Cameo Murders is a book by Barry Shortall first published in the United Kingdom by the Bluecoat Press in 1999. The book details the brutal and baffling murders of the manager and assistant manager at the Cameo Cinema in Liverpool in March 1949. The Liverpool City Police launched a massive manhunt and over 9500 houses were visited and 75000 people were interviewed. Over 1800 fingerprints were taken and handwriting samples were obtained from 1841 women.
 Remnant Population is a 1996 science fiction novel by American writer Elizabeth Moon. The story revolves around an old woman who decides to remain behind on a colony world after the company who sent her there pulls out. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1997.
 Graphic Arts Monthly (ISSN-1047-9325) was a trade publication and web site owned by Reed Business Information serving the information needs of the printing industry including printers and trade plants.The editor-in-chief was Bill Esler with the editorial offices located in Oak Brook Illinois USA.As the name implies Graphic Arts Monthly had been published monthly since its establishment in 1929. Several common articles includd Best Track Ink Etc. Mail Call and Sales Call.
 Science Liberty and Peace is an essay written by Aldous Huxley published in 1946. The essay is an opinionated discussion covering a wide range of subjects reflecting Huxley's views towards society at that time. He puts forward a number of predictions many of which turned out to be true up to 60 years later.A consistent theme throughout the essay is Huxley's preference towards a decentralised society.
 Landscape of Farewell is a 2007 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller.
 The Messenger was a U.S. newspaper published Sundays Wednesdays and Fridays in Mount Airy North Carolina. It was delivered free to homes in the Surry County area.The Messenger began as a weekday broadsheet whose first edition was printed on July 9 2007 after the purchase of the The Mount Airy News and Elkin's The Tribune by Heartland Publications LLC.
 The Vermillion Literary Project Magazine is an award-winning American literary magazine distributed by the University of South Dakota. The journal the only literary publication of USD has been in publication since 1982 and is the culmination of the Vermillion Literary Project.The annual journal publishes art essays and short stories that center on a regional theme but make exceptions for distinguished work from world-wide submissions.
 The European Journal of International Relations is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering international relations. It is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the European Standing Group on International Relations of the European Consortium for Political Research. The editors-in-chief are Beate Jahn Peter Newell and Patricia Owens (University of Sussex).
 MedStar I: Battle Surgeons is the first of two Del Rey Star Wars books by Michael Reaves and Steve Perry set in the Star Wars galaxy during the Clone Wars. The book takes place two years after Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 21 years before Episode IV: A New Hope.
 The Monarchy was an American comic book series written by Doselle Young with art by John McCrea. It was published by Wildstorm. The Monarchy lasted 12 issues and had an intro-issue in The Authority #21.The series focused on ex-Stormwatch members Jackson King and Christine Trelane (formerly known as Battalion and Synergy) gathering a team of superheroes for the extra-dimensional Weavers.
 The Tokaido Road is a 1991 historical novel by Lucia St. Clair Robson. Set in 1702 it is a fictional account of the famous Japanese revenge story of the Forty-Seven Ronin. In feudal Japan the Tōkaidō (meaning Eastern Sea Road) was the main road which ran between the imperial capital of Kyoto (where the Emperor lived) and the administrative capital of Edo (now Tokyo where the Shogun lived).
 Insurrection is a fantasy novel by Thomas M. Reid. It is the second book of the War of the Spider Queen hexad a series set in the Forgotten Realms fictional universe of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Drift and Mastery: An Attempt to Diagnose the Current Unrest is the second book by American journalist and political thinker Walter Lippmann. Published in the Fall of 1914 Drift and Mastery argues that rational scientific governing can overcome forces of societal drift. Lippmann argued that due to the profound social and economic change old ideas and institutions lacked relevance.
 Love-Letters Between a Nobleman and His Sister by Aphra Behn is a three volume roman à clef playing with events of the Monmouth Rebellion and exploring the genre of the epistolary novel. It was originally published as three separate volumes: Love-Letters Between a Noble-Man and his Sister (1684) Love Letters From a Noble Man to his Sister (1685) and The Amours of Philander and Silvia (1687).
 Call Me Ted is an autobiography written by American businessman Ted Turner released on November 10 2008. The book was written over the course of three years with the help of Bill Burke a former executive for TBS.
 The Berkeley Journal of International Law is an academic journal covering international law. It is run and edited by students at UC Berkeley School of Law. It was established in 1982 as the International Tax & Business Lawyer.The journal publishes articles on public and private international law and comparative law.
 Ah but Your Land is Beautiful is the third novel of Alan Paton the South African author who is best known for writing Cry the Beloved Country. Ah but Your Land is Beautiful is an anti-apartheid novel in a similar vein to Cry the Beloved Country.
 Philadelphia Here I Come! is a 1964 play by Irish dramatist Brian Friel. Set in the fictional town of Ballybeg County Donegal the play launched Friel onto the international stage.
 The Augsburger Allgemeine Zeitung is a major German regional daily newspaper published since 1945.
 Bridge of Souls is the third book in The Quickening written by Fiona McIntosh.
 Control Engineering (ISSN-0010-8049) is a trade publication and web site owned by CFE Media serving the information needs of engineering decision-makers in the global control instrumentation and automation marketplace.Established in 1954 Control Engineering is published monthly.
 Everything on a Waffle is a 2001 bestselling children's novel written by Polly Horvath and published by Farrar Straus and Giroux. The book was critically acclaimed and won a variety of awards including the 2002 Newbery Honor. A sequel One Year in Coal Harbour was published in 2012.
 Muelleria is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on botany published by the Royal Botanic Gardens Melbourne. It focuses on topics relating to plants algae and fungi in the southern hemisphere and Australia in particular. The journal was named in honour of Victorian Government botanist Ferdinand von Mueller. Muelleria commenced publication in 1955 with funding from the Maud Gibson Trust.
 Magic in Ithkar 4 is an shared world anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andre Norton and Robert Adams.
 How to Be Alone is a 2002 book collecting fourteen essays by American writer Jonathan Franzen.
 The International Journal of Middle East Studies is a scholarly journal published by the Middle East Studies Association of North America (MESA) a learned society.
 A Sound of Lightning is a 1976 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary.
 Kurokami Captured (黒髪のキャプチュード Kurokami no Kyapuchādo lit. Darkhair Captured) is a manga by Ryūsuke Mita. The manga is about a boy endowed with the power of a special ring called General.
 The Interpersonal World of the Infant (1985) is one of the most prominent works of psychoanalyst Daniel N. Stern in which he describes the development of four interrelated senses of self. These senses of self develop over the lifespan but make significant developmental strides during sensitive periods in the first two years of life. The mother or other primary attachment figure plays a critical role in helping the infant with this developmental process.
 The Prince and the Pauper is a novel by American author Mark Twain. It was first published in 1881 in Canada before its 1882 publication in the United States. The novel represents Twain's first attempt at historical fiction. Set in 1547 it tells the story of two young boys who are identical in appearance: Tom Canty a pauper who lives with his abusive father in Offal Court off Pudding Lane in London and Prince Edward son of King Henry VIII.
 Time Stranger Kyoko (時空異邦人KYOKO(タイムストレンジャーキョーコ) Taimu Sutorenjā Kyōko) is a manga series written and illustrated by Arina Tanemura. Originally serialized in Ribon from the September 2000 issue to the September 2001 issue the individual chapters were collected and published in three tankōbon volumes in Japan by Shueisha.
 The People of Sand and Slag is a science fiction novelette published in 2004 by Paolo Bacigalupi. It was nominated for the 2005 Hugo Award for Best Novelette the 2006 Nebula Award for Best Novelette and the 2005 Locus Poll.On October 30 2012 the podcast The Drabblecast released a recording of the story read by Norm Sherman David Robison Naomi Mercer and Mike Boris.
 The Sleeping and the Dead is an anthology of Fantasy and Horror stories edited by August Derleth. It was first published by Pellegrini & Cudahy in 1947. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines The London Mercury Weird Tales Scribner's Dublin University Magazine Unknown Esquire The Bellman Vanity Fair and Black Mask. An abridged edition (15 stories) was published by Four Square Books in 1963 under the same title.
 The Iowa Review is an American literary magazine that publishes fiction poetry essays and reviews. Founded in 1970 this magazine is issued three times a year during the months of April August and December. Originally it was released on a quarterly basis. This frequency of publication lasted until its fourteenth year. It is published at The University of Iowa in Iowa City.
 Murder in Grub Street is the second historical mystery novel about Sir John Fielding by Bruce Alexander.
 Full Circle – The Photographs is a large coffee-table style book containing pictures taken by Basil Pao who was the stills photographer on the team that made the Full Circle with Michael Palin TV program for the BBC.Michael Palin's name is prominently displayed on the cover and he has contributed a two-page Introduction.The rest of the book consists of Basil Pao's photographs each with a short text indicating what the picture is about and where it was taken.
 The Remains of the Day (1989) is Kazuo Ishiguro's third published novel. The work was awarded the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 1989. A film adaptation of the novel made in 1993 and starring Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson was nominated for eight Academy Awards.As in Ishiguro's two previous novels the story is told from a first person point of view. The narrator Stevens a butler recalls his life in the form of a diary while the action progresses through the present.
 The Journal of the History of Childhood and Youth is an international peer-reviewed academic journal dealing with the development of childhood and youth cultures and the experience of young people in different times and places. The journal is open to a wide range of historical methodologies as well as other disciplines with an historical focus. As well as original research articles it includes essays discussing contemporary issues of childhood and youth in a historical context.
 The Box of Delights is a children's fantasy novel by John Masefield. It is a sequel to The Midnight Folk and was first published in 1935.
 Slayers (スレイヤーズ Sureiyāzu) is a Japanese comic fantasy media franchise originating in a series of over 52 light novels written by Hajime Kanzaka and illustrated by Rui Araizumi. The novels had been serialized in Dragon Magazine and were later adapted into several manga titles televised anime series anime films OVA series role-playing video games and other media. Slayers follows the adventures of teenage sorceress Lina Inverse and her companions as they journey through their world.
 Mōryō no Hako (魍魎の匣 The Mōryō's Box) is a Japanese novel by Natsuhiko Kyogoku. It is the second novel in the Kyogokudo series that began with Sumer of the Ubume. The novel has been turned into a live action feature film a manga and an anime TV series.
 Animal Yokochō (アニマル横町 Animaru Yokochō trans. Animal Alley) is a Japanese manga and anime series aimed at children about a little girl who has a doorway to another world in her room from which three bizarre and frequently-annoying stuffed animal-like creatures emerge to make her life interesting. The manga was created by Ryō Maekawa and is serialized in Ribon Magazine Ribon Original and Ribon Bikkuri.
 There Goes the Neighborhood: Racial Ethnic and Class Tensions in Four Chicago Neighborhoods and Their Meaning for America by William Julius Wilson and Richard Taub was written in 2006 and is an investigation about racial ethnic and class tensions in four Chicago neighborhoods. The four neighborhoods Beltway Dover Archer Park and Groveland are found on the south and west side of Chicago (fictitious names were chosen to protect their identities).
 City Press was a British newspaper published during the 19th and early-20th centuries by W H & L Collingridge Ltd.It was founded in 1857 by William Hill Collingridge to provide a newspaper for the City of London.
 Other People is a novel by British writer Martin Amis published in 1981.
 The Duplicate published in 1988 is a science fiction novel for young adults written by William Sleator.
 An Introduction to Animals and Political Theory is a 2010 book by political theorist Alasdair Cochrane published by Palgrave Macmillan as part of its Palgrave Macmillan Animal Ethics Series. It examines five schools of political theory—utilitarianism liberalism communitarianism Marxism and feminism—and their relationship with the question of animal rights.
 The American Home was a monthly magazine published in the United States from 1928 to 1977. Its subjects included domestic architecture interior design landscape design and gardening.The American Home was a continuation of the magazine Garden & Home Builder. It was published by Nelson Doubleday of Doubleday Doran & Company. Ellen Diffin Wangner edited the first issues October 1928 to March 1929.
 The Harvard Law Record is an independent student-edited newspaper based at Harvard Law School. Founded in 1946 it is the oldest law school newspaper in the United States.
 Components in Electronics is a trade publication for the electronics industry. Owned by Newsquest Specialist Media (parent company: Gannett) Components in Electronics has been in print for nearly 25 years.
 Umizaru (海猿 lit. Sea Monkeys) is a manga series by Shūhō Satō which was serialized by Shogakukan in Weekly Young Sunday from 1998 to 2001. Yōichi Komori is credited with the original idea for the series and he also did the research to make the series more authentic. The series focuses on Daisuke Senzaki an officer in the Japan Coast Guard and tells the stories of shipwreck rescues and other incidents where the coast guard plays a role.
 Trauma Violence & Abuse is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on trauma abuse and violence. The journal's editor-in-chief is Jon R. Conte (University of Washington). It was established in 2000 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Golden Lily is a 2012 urban fantasy young adult novel by New York Times bestselling author Richelle Mead and is the second novel of the Bloodlines series. The book follows several teenaged students as they deal with forbidden romances the Strigoi and the supernatural in general.
 Hemmets Journal (English: Journal of the Home) is a Swedish magazine published by Egmont. It is the second largest weekly magazine in Sweden. The editor-in-chief is Janne Walles who has held that position since 1990. As of 2008 there are approximately 40 employees working on Hemmets Journal. The magazine's head office has been located in Västra hamnen a city district in Malmö since 2005.
 Fiddle O Diddle was a comic strip in The Dandy about a mischievous leprechaun who liked to diddle people especially the gypsy Muldoon. Muldoon was penniless and clothesless and Diddle thrived off the gypsy's attempts to get his gold. The strip has awful geographical accuracy with one of the characters once welcoming our good neighbours Cuba. The strip started around 1994 and continued until the 2004 revamp with it reappearing in the 2012 annual.
 Electronic Fun with Computers & Games was a video game magazine published in the United States and ran from November 1982 to May 1984. The last two issues were renamed ComputerFun.
 Junk or Smack in the U.S. is a realistic novel for young adults by the British author Melvin Burgess published in 1996 by Andersen in the U.K. Set on the streets of Bristol England it features two runaway teens who join a group of squatters where they fall into heroin addiction and embrace anarchism.
 Advances in Production Engineering & Management (APEM) is an interdisciplinary refereed journal. It is published quarterly by Production Engineering Institute (PEI) an organisational unit of the Faculty of mechanical engineering at the University of Maribor.
 Curtain: Poirot's Last Case is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in September 1975 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year selling for $7.95.The novel features Hercule Poirot and Arthur Hastings in their final appearances in Christie's works. It is a country house novel with all the characters and the murder set in one house.
 Tristan is a 1903 novella by German writer Thomas Mann. It contains many references to the myth of Tristan and Iseult. The novella alludes in particular to the version presented in Richard Wagner's opera of the same name. As such it can be seen as an ironic paraphrase juxtaposing the romantic heroism of Wagner's characters with their essentially flawed counterparts in the novella[citation needed].
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #13 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the thirteenth volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in July 1984 and in hardcover and trade paperback by Gollancz in December of the same year.The book collects ten novellas novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction notes and concluding essays by Carr and Charles N. Brown.
 The Book of Lights is a 1981 novel by Chaim Potok about a young rabbi and student of Kabbalah whose service as a United States military chaplain in Korea and Japan after the Korean War challenges his thinking about the meaning of faith in a world of light from many sources.
 Wascana Review was a biannual literary magazine established in 1966 published by the University of Regina. The magazine was published open access beginning with vol. 42 (2007).
 The FlightTime Radio Show is an aviation radio program that originates in Jacksonville Florida. The program format delivers the fun and enjoyment of all aspects of aviation to pilots and non-pilots alike. Show guests have included aviation greats from WW-II to today's students pilots and astronauts (i.e.: Corky Fornof Patty Wagstaff...).
 The Predators' Ball: The Inside Story of Drexel Burnham and the Rise of the Junk Bond Raiders by Wall Street Journal writer Connie Bruck largely recounts the rise of Michael Milken his firm Drexel Burnham Lambert and the leveraged buyout boom they helped to fuel in the 1980s.
 The European Journal of Combinatorics (usually abbreviated as European J. Combin.) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal for combinatorics. It is an international bimonthly journal of pure mathematics specializing in theories arising from combinatorial problems. The journal is primarily open to papers dealing with mathematical structures within combinatorics and/or establishing direct links between combinatorics and other branches of mathematics and the theories of computing.
 The Delaware Journal of Corporate Law (Bluebook abbreviation Del. J. Corp. L.) is Widener University School of Law's original law review. The journal was established in 1976 and publishes three issues per annual volume. In addition to scholarly articles the journal publishes opinions from the Delaware Court of Chancery that are not otherwise printed in a regional reporter.
 Economy and Society is a book by political economist and sociologist Max Weber published posthumously in Germany in 1922 by his wife Marianne. Alongside The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism it is considered to be one of Weber's most important works. Extremely broad in scope the book covers numerous themes including religion economics politics public administration and sociology.
 Conan of the Isles is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published October 1968 in paperback by Lancer Books and reprinted in July 1970 1972 and May 1973; publication was then taken over by Ace Books which reprinted the novel in May 1977 May 1979 April 1980 July 1981 April 1982 November 1982 November 1983 June 1984 September 1986 February 1991 and May 1994.
 Tom Swift in the Caves of Ice or The Wreck of the Airship is Volume 8 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Un-Man is a science fiction novella by Poul Anderson that was first published in the January 1953 issue of Astounding Science Fiction. It was included in the 1962 collection Un-Man and Other Novellas and the 1981 collection The Psychotechnic League.
 Parva (Kannada: ಪರ್ವ Epoch / Age) is a Kannada language novel written by S L Bhyrappa based on the Sanskrit epic Mahabharata. It is a non-mythological retelling of the Mahabharata and is widely acclaimed as a modern classic. The story of the Mahabharata in Parva is narrated in the form of personal reflections of some of the principal characters of the epic.
 A Spirit of The Sun (Japanese: 太陽の黙示録 Hepburn: Taiyou no Mokushiroku) is a seinen manga written and illustrated by Kaiji Kawaguchi about a resourceful boy Genichiro Ryu as he survives a series of natural disasters and collapse of the economy in Japan set in the beginning of the 21st century. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic. In February 2009 Shogakukan has currently released seventeen bound volumes with the first on May 30 2003.
 Fathers and Sons is an 1862 novel by Ivan Turgenev one of his best-known works. The title of this work in Russian is Отцы и дети (Otcy i Deti) which literally means Fathers and Children; the work is often translated to Fathers and Sons in English for both euphony and tradition.
 Piece - Kanojo no Kioku (Piece～彼女の記憶～) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Hinako Ashihara. It is published in French by Kana. It is adapted into a television drama series that premiered on 6 October 2012 and ended on December 29 2012.
 Statistical Science is a review journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. The founding editor was Morris H.
 Let Us Be Like the Sun is the sixth book of poetry by Konstantin Balmont fist published in 1903 by the Moscow publishing house Scorpion.
 The American Political Science Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all areas of political science. It is an official journal of the American Political Science Association and is published on their behalf by Cambridge University Press. The journal was established in 1906 and the current editor-in-chief is John Ishiyama (University of North Texas).
 The Seven Wonders is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 2008. It is the thirteenth book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery stories set in the final decades of the Roman Republic although it is chronologically the first. The novel is made up of a series of connected short stories and the main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 The Whole Man is a 1964 science fiction novel by John Brunner. It was nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1965.This novel is often considered a turning point in Brunner's career a step up from the space operas he'd been turning out as Ace Doubles and pointing towards the richer more complex books exemplified by Quicksand and Stand on Zanzibar.In the UK it was published under the title Telepathist.
 Bloody Mary is the title of a series of science fiction comic book limited series written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Carlos Ezquerra. All of the series were published as part of DC Comics' Helix imprint. It is also the name of the main protagonist of the series.
 Marker is a 2005 thriller novel by Robin Cook.It is a story around mysterious deaths investigated by Jack Stapleton and Laurie Montgomery characters from previous novels by Cook.
 Ainslee's Magazine was an American literary periodical published from 1897 to December 1926. It was originally published as a humor magazine called The Yellow Kid based on the popular comic strip character. It was renamed Ainslee's the following year.The magazine's publishers were Howard Ainslee & Co. a division of the Street & Smith publishing house in New York City.
 Anesthesia & Analgesia is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering anesthesia pain management and perioperative medicine that was established in 1922. It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the International Anesthesia Research Society. Its editor-in-chief is Steven L. Shafer (Stanford University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.300 ranking it sixth out of 29 journals in the category Anesthesiology.
 The Gold Diggers is a play written by Avery Hopwood. It popularized the use of the term gold digger to refer to women who seek wealthy partners as opposed to the earlier usage referring to gold miners. Producer David Belasco staged it on Broadway in 1919 with Ina Claire in the lead role. It was a hit running for two consecutive seasons before going on tour.
 The Christian Brothers is a play by Australian writer Ron Blair first performed in 1975. It is a one man play about a teacher at a Christian Brothers school. It was based on Blair's experience of studying at a Christian Brothers school in Lewisham and has come to be regarded as an Australian classic.
 The Throne of Saturn is a collection of science fiction short stories by author S. Fowler Wright. It was released in 1949 and was the author's first American book and his only collection published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 3062 copies.The book is an expansion of The New Gods Lead published by Jarrolds in 1932 by the addition of two stories.
 The Language Instinct is a 1994 book by Steven Pinker written for a general audience. Pinker argues that humans are born with an innate capacity for language. He deals sympathetically with Noam Chomsky's claim that all human language shows evidence of a universal grammar but dissents from Chomsky's skepticism that evolutionary theory can explain the human language instinct.
 The State News is the student newspaper of Michigan State University in East Lansing Michigan. It is supported by a combination of advertising revenue and a $5 refundable tax that students pay at each semester's matriculation. Though The State News is supported by a student tax the faculty and administration do not interfere in the paper's content.[citation needed] The State News is governed by a Board of Directors which comprises journalism professionals faculty and students.
 Dance till Tomorrow (あさってDANCE Asatte Dansu) is a manga series by Naoki Yamamoto that has also been adapted into two live action movies. A two-episode OAV was also released on VHS in Japan. It is a romantic comedy which details the life of Suekichi a student who will inherit a fortune when he graduates from college and gets married with unexpected complications from a mysterious girl Aya Hibino.
 Muscular Development is an American fitness and bodybuilding magazine first published in 1964. It was founded by Bob Hoffman.
 The Rooster Crows: A Book of American Rhymes and Jingles is a book by Maud and Miska Petersham. Released by Macmillan it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1946.
 The Daily Record published in Baltimore Maryland is a statewide business and legal newspaper. The paper publishes 5 days a week 52 weeks a year except for certain holidays.
 Four Major Plays of Chikamatsu is a collection of four major dramas by the famous Japanese playwright Chikamatsu Monzaemon. The four plays were first translated by Donald Keene in 1961 and have appeared in various collections and books over the years; Four Major Plays contains a Preface an Introduction and two appendices in addition and is published by Columbia University Press.
 The Sound and the Fury is a novel written by the American author William Faulkner. It employs a number of narrative styles including the technique known as stream of consciousness pioneered by 20th-century European novelists such as James Joyce and Virginia Woolf. Published in 1929 The Sound and the Fury was Faulkner's fourth novel and was not immediately successful.
 Magi: The Labyrinth of Magic (マギ) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shinobu Ohtaka. It started serialization in Weekly Shōnen Sunday in June 2009. The individual chapters are published in tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
 Animals in Translation: Using the Mysteries of Autism to Decode Animal Behavior is a 2005 book by Temple Grandin and co-written by Catherine Johnson. Animals in Translation explores the similarity between animals and people with autism a concept that was originally touched upon in Grandin's 1995 book Thinking in Pictures: My Life with Autism.
 Welcome to the Desert of the Real is a 2002 book by Slavoj Žižek. A Marxist and Lacanian analysis of the ideological and political responses to the terrorist attacks on September 11 2001 Zizek's study incorporates various psychoanalytic postmodernist biopolitical and (Christian) universalist influences into a Marxist dialectical framework.
 The Youth's Companion (1827–1929) known in later years as simply The Companion—For All the Family was an American children's magazine that existed for over one hundred years until it finally merged with The American Boy in 1929. The Companion was published in Boston Massachusetts by the Perry Mason Company (later renamed Perry Mason & Co. after the founder died). From 1892 to 1915 it was based in the Youth's Companion Building which is now on the National Register of Historic Places.
 R.K Narayan’s The Vendor of Sweets (1967) like his other books is composed in simple lucid English that can be read and understood without turning and returning the pages after a single read. The compositional language is no doubt plain– to such an extent that even a young school child’s vocabulary will be able to comprehend the sense of the tale.
 The Defector is Daniel Silva's 2009 spy novel.It's the 9th book in the Gabriel Allon series. Released July 21 2009 the cover depicts the House of Parliament and Big Ben in London. The cover of the paperback printing by Signet (July 2010) depicts St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow.
 Some Notes on H. P. Lovecraft is a collection of biographical notes about H. P. Lovecraft by writer August Derleth. It was released in 1959 by Arkham House in an edition of 1044 copies.
 Field of Dishonor is a science fiction novel the fourth in David Weber's Honor Harrington series. It is notable for being the only book in the series to not feature space warfare.
 The Hype about Hydrogen: Fact and Fiction in the Race to Save the Climate is a book by Joseph J. Romm published in 2004 by Island Press and updated in 2005. The book has been translated into German as Der Wasserstoff-Boom.
 ShaneGujrat is Gujrat-based Urdu-language newspaper in Pakistan.It also provides a special section Gujrat Villages which covers the information pictures videos the personalities and history as well as a special Gujrat section for the reader
 The Lions of Al-Rassan is a work of historical fantasy by Guy Gavriel Kay. It is set in a peninsula of the same world in which The Sarantine Mosaic and The Last Light of the Sun are set and is based upon Moorish Spain. The novel concentrates on the relationships between the three peoples: the Kindath (based on the Jews) the Asharites (based on the Muslims) and the Jaddites (based on the Christians).
 Tales from Underwood is a collection of fantasy horror and science fiction short stories by author David H. Keller. It was released in 1952 and was the author's first collection published in association with Arkham House. It was also the first of only two books published by Pellegrini & Cudahy for Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 3500 copies.Most of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Weird Tales and Amazing Stories.
 The Encyclopedia of World History is a classic single volume work detailing world history. The first through fifth editions were edited by William L. Langer.The Sixth Edition was—by the time of its publication—a much needed updating overseen by Peter N. Stearns and was made available online. Renowned historian Peter N.
 Il castello di Eymerich (Emerych's Castle) is a book written by Valerio Evangelisti an Italian historian and writer of historical fantasy. In chronological order it is the seventh book in a best-selling series whose central character is Nicholas Eymerich an inquisitor of the Spanish inquisition - a historical character whom Evangelisti adopted to his novels following a detailed research of sources concerning Emerych's figure.
 Nasha Slova is a newspaper published in Belarus.
 A Dark and Hungry God Arises (or officially The Gap into Power: A Dark and Hungry God Arises) is the third book of The Gap Cycle by Stephen R. Donaldson a science fiction series.
 A Pack of Liars is a children fiction novel by Anne Fine. It was first published by Hamish Hamilton in 1988. It won the Dillons/Puffin Birmingham Book Award in 1991.
 The Willow Pattern is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.As the author says in a postscript the use of the Willow Pattern as a motif in the book was a conscious anachronism. The book features 15 illustrations by the author.
 The Night of the Mary Kay Commandos is the seventh collection of the comic strip series Bloom County by Berkeley Breathed. It was published in 1989.It is preceded by Tales Too Ticklish to Tell and followed by Happy Trails!.The book includes smell-o-toons intended to enhance the Mary Kay storyline. At a pivotal point in the story the reader is instructed to lift a flap and smell a scented strip.
 Modesty Blaise is an action-adventure/spy fiction novel by Peter O'Donnell which was first published in 1965 featuring the character Modesty Blaise which O'Donnell had created for a comic strip in 1963.
 The Freeman is a daily newspaper published in Cebu Philippines by the Philippine Star. It was the first newspaper in Cebu first published in May 1919. The motto of the newspaper is The fair and fearless.
 This article is about Super Play the UK video games magazine. There is a different article on the Swedish gaming magazine Super PLAY.Super Play (スーパープレィ) was a British Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) magazine which ran from November 1992 to September 1996.
 Body Sweats: The Uncensored Writings of Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven is the first major English collection of poems by dadaist poet and artist Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven (1874–1927) also known as The Baroness.
 Job History is part of a short story series Close Range: Wyoming Stories written by Annie Proulx. It takes place in the author's home town of Cora Wyoming. The story follows the life of the main character Leeland Lee and his unsuccessful attempts to find a successful career. The occasional mention of the radio news report throughout the story relates to Leelands struggles and disappointment.
 Cross Fire is the seventeenth book of James Patterson's Alex Cross series. In the novel Kyle Craig has come back for one final scare to finally kill Alex Cross but Alex has a special day ahead of him one that concerns Bree and his relationship. The novel was released in hardcover paperback and audio book on November 15 2010. It was preceded by I Alex Cross and was followed by Kill Alex Cross.
 Far Eastern University (FEU) Advocate (The Advocate Advo) is the official student publication of Far Eastern University-Manila. It was established on June 12 1934 and became one of the most esteemed newspapers in the country recognized for its intrepid reporting and intelligent commentary on issues both within and outside the University. It is currently being published monthly. FEU Advocate holds its editorial office at Room 103 Education Building Far Eastern University-Manila.
 The Little Island is a book by Margaret Wise Brown under the pseudonym Golden MacDonald and illustrated by Leonard Weisgard. Released by Doubleday in 1946 it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1947. It describes the four seasons as experienced by a little island. The book is lyrically written an example being: Winter came/ and the snow fell softly/ like a great quiet secret in the night/ cold and still.
 Anandabazar Patrika (Bengali: আনন্দবাজার পত্রিকা Aːnond̪obaːdʒaːr Pot̪riːkaː) is an Indian Bengali language daily newspaper published in Kolkata New Delhi and Mumbai by the ABP Group. According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations it has a circulation of 1.28 million copies making it the largest circulation for a single-edition regional language newspaper in India.
 Star Maker is a science fiction novel by Olaf Stapledon published in 1937. The book describes a history of life in the universe dwarfing in scale Stapledon's previous book Last and First Men (1930) a history of the human species over two billion years. Star Maker tackles philosophical themes such as the essence of life of birth decay and death and the relationship between creation and creator. A pervading theme is that of progressive unity within and between different civilizations.
 Cruzeiro do Sul is the largest newspaper in Sorocaba city São Paulo Brazil. It was founded on June 12 1903 by brothers Firmino Joaquim Pires de Camargo (Nho Quim Pires) and João Clímaco Pires de Camargo. The publication began distributing the same year initially four pages with a bi-weekly circulation. It is owned and sponsored by the Ubaldino do Amaral Foundation-FUA.
 Annual Reports on the Progress of Chemistry Section A is a compilation of review articles on inorganic and bioinorganic chemistry published annually by the Royal Society of Chemistry.The editor of Annual Reports on the Progress of Chemistry Section A is Sarah Ruthven and the Scientific Editors are Frank Berry Professor of Inorganic Chemistry at the Open University and Eric G.
 Min Sheng Bao (Chinese: 民生報; pinyin: Mínshēng Bào; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Bîn-seng-pò; literally The People's Livelihood Newspaper) is a tabloid newspaper based in Taiwan and a sister publication of United Daily News Taiwan's second biggest selling newspaper.
 The Dunoon Observer and Argyllshire Standard is a weekly tabloid newspaper serving the Cowal area of Argyll in western Scotland. It is edited and printed in Dunoon and is known locally as the Standard. It is published by E & R Inglis Ltd.
 Al-Risalah al-Kamiliyyah fil Siera al-Nabawiyyah (The Treatise of Kamil on the Prophet's Biography) also known as Risālat Fād il ibn Nātiq (The Book of Fādil ibn Nātiq) was the first theological novel written by Ibn al-Nafis and later translated in the West as Theologus Autodidactus (Autodidact Theologian/Self-taught Theologian).
 The Storm Weaver and the Sand is a 2002 fantasy novel by Sean Williams. It follows the second book in the series The Sky Warden & the Sun with Sal and Shilly finding shelter with the Stone Mages only to be betrayed and put forward for judgement by the Sky Wardens.
 Magical Pokémon Journey originally published in Japan as Pocket Monsters PiPiPi ★ Adventures (ポケットモンスター PiPiPi★アドベンチャー Poketto Monsutā PiPiPi★Adobenchā) is a shōjo manga series set in the fictional universe of the Pokémon franchise.
 Mayo Clinic Proceedings is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier and sponsored by the Mayo Clinic. It covers the field of general internal medicine. The journal was established in 1926 as the Proceedings of the Staff Meetings of the Mayo Clinic and obtained its current name in 1964. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 5.698 ranking it 11th out of 153 journals in the category Medicine General & Internal.
 Rumble Fish is a 1975 novel for young adults by S. E. Hinton author of The Outsiders. It was adapted to film and directed by Francis Ford Coppola in 1983.
 Twilight is a three issue prestige format mini-series by Howard Chaykin and José Luis García-López published in 1990 by DC Comics.
 Tribute is an entertainment industry magazine published by Tribute Entertainment Media Group that covers film television music pop culture celebrity lifestyle: beauty and fashion and red carpet premieres. The magazine is read by over 1500000 and is distributed in Canadian theaters six times a year with a circulation of 500000. Tribute features coverage of the latest news in Hollywood film previews fashion gossip movie-related books music trivia and feature contests.
 Epoché: A Journal for the History of Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that examines the history of philosophy as an essential part of contemporary philosophical discussion. The journal is open to different ideas and approaches but it is particularly interested in articles from the continental or hermeneutic traditions. The journal is edited by Theodore George (Texas A&M University).
 Billboard Türkiye is a Turkish language publication in agreement with the American Billboard.
 The Spy is an Isaac Bell adventure tale the third in that series. The hardcover edition was released June 1 2010. Other editions were released on different dates.[citation needed]
 The Colorado Lawyer (commonly abbreviated Colo. Law.) is a monthly law review published by the Colorado Bar Association. The journal was established in 1972 and the editor-in-chief is Leona Martinez.
 Star Rangers was a four-issue American science-fiction comic-book series created by writer Mark Ellis and artist Jim Mooney following the adventures of a military spaceship crew in a 25th-century controlled by corporations.
 Týden ('Week') is a Czech weekly newsmagazine that focuses mainly on news and news analysis. Since 2000 it is published by Mediacop. Týden was founded in 1994 and soon became part of the Axel Springer AG media concern. Four years later the magazine was bought by Ringier a Swiss publishing house which in turn sold it to the current owner Swiss entrepreneur Sebastian Pawlowski.
 The International Journal of Geometric Methods in Modern Physics is a peer-reviewed journal published by World Scientific covering mathematical physics. It was originally published bimonthly beginning in January 2004; as of 2006 it appears 8 times a year.
 The Matlock Paper is the third suspense novel by Robert Ludlum in which a solitary protagonist comes face to face with a massive criminal conspiracy.Its protagonist James Barbour Matlock is an English professor in his 30s who is recruited by the Department of Justice to investigate a drug smuggling ring led by a mysterious figure named Nimrod. The novel is set at the fictitious Carlyle University in Connecticut a thinly disguised Wesleyan University in Middletown Ludlum's alma mater.
 Barbary is a 1986 science fiction novel written by Vonda McIntyre about an orphan and her cat moving to a space station. It is considered one of the best science fiction stories of the decade for children and young adults.
 Workers in the Dawn is a novel by George Gissing which was originally published in three volumes in 1880. It was the first of Gissing's published novels although he had been working on another prior to this. The work focuses on the unhappy marriage of Arthur Golding a rising artist from a poor background and Carrie Mitchell a prostitute. This plot was partly based on Gissing's negative experiences of marriage to his first wife.
 The Ecologist was a British environmental journal then magazine published from 1970-2009. Founded by Edward Goldsmith it addressed a wide range of environmental subjects and promoted an ecological systems thinking approach through its news stories investigations and opinion articles. The Ecologist encouraged its readers to tackle global issues on a local scale. After cessation of its print edition in July 2009 The Ecologist continued as a website with a monthly subscription newsletter.
 The Good Hope (Danish: Det gode håb) is a 1964 novel by the Faroese writer William Heinesen. It received the Nordic Council Literature Prize. Heinesen wrote in Danish language. Later his novels including The Good Hope were translated into Faroese language.
 Venus on the Half-Shell is a science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer writing pseudonymously as Kilgore Trout a fictional recurring character in many of the novels of Kurt Vonnegut. This book first appeared as a lengthy fictitious excerpt—written by Vonnegut but attributed to Trout—in Vonnegut's God Bless You Mr. Rosewater (1965).
 Experimental Neurology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that focuses on research in neuroscience concerning mechanisms underlying neurological disorders. The journal focuses on neural development neuroregeneration neuroplasticity and transplantation. It was established in 1959 and is published by Elsevier. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.645.
 The Antigonish Review is a quarterly literary magazine publishing new and established contemporary literary fiction reviews non-fiction articles/essays translations and poetry. Since 2005 the magazine runs an annual competition the Sheldon Currie Short Fiction Contest. The winner of the inaugural Sheldon Currie Prize was Nicholas Ruddock.
 Break No Bones is the ninth novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 Lives at Risk is a book about modern health care systems. It examines the flaws of current health care systems and proposes reforms for the American health care system. In doing so it examines twenty common assumptions about government involvement in health care systems which they argue are myths. The book continues on to discuss the economics and politics behind health care in the United States and proposes market based reforms.
 An Appetite for Wonder: The Making of a Scientist is the first volume of the autobiographical memoir by British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins. The hardcover version of the book was published in both the United Kingdom and the United States on 12 September 2013 and covers Dawkins's childhood and youth up to the writing of The Selfish Gene. A second volume covering the remaining part of his life is planned for release in 2015.Early reviews were mixed.
 Dead and Gone is the ninth book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries. This title was released on May 5 2009.
 No Promises in the Wind (1970) is a novel by Irene Hunt. This novel takes place in the 1932 during the Great Depression. The book is about growing up during the great depression that meant growing up fast as young Josh soon learned
 City Journal is a daily English newspaper printed and published from city of Thrissur in Kerala India.
 The Pilgrim's Progress from This World to That Which Is to Come; Delivered under the Similitude of a Dream is a Christian allegory written by John Bunyan and published in February 1678. It is regarded as one of the most significant works of religious English literature has been translated into more than 200 languages and has never been out of print.
 Humbug was a humor magazine edited 1957–1958 by Harvey Kurtzman with satirical jabs at movies television advertising and various artifacts of popular culture from cereal boxes to fashion photographs. Nine of the eleven issues were published in a black-and-white comic book-sized format.With fatally accurate irony Kurtzman delivered his declaration of editorial principles in the first issue:We won't write for morons. We won't do anything just to get laughs. We won't be dirty.
 PENG! redirects here. For the Stereolab album see Peng!PENG! is a one-shot 72 page sports action comic written and drawn by Corey Lewis published in 2005 by Oni Press.
 The Yale Economic Review (YER) established in 2005 is a non-profit bi-annual journal of popular economics which reports on developments in economics to a broad audience. YER is not a peer-reviewed academic journal; rather it aims to fill the gap between the technical content in traditional academic journals and the sporadic coverage of economics in the popular press.
 Aerie is a literary magazine established in 1996 at the University of Hartford though the journal has roots dating back to the early 1970s. Presently it is run through a student board.
 The Romance of the Forest is a Gothic novel by Ann Radcliffe that was first published in 1791. It combines an air of mystery and suspense with an examination of the tension between hedonism and morality. The novel was her first major popular success going through four editions in its first three years. Furthermore this novel also established her reputation as the first among her era's writers of romance.
 Urban Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Urban Studies. The journal's editor is H. Richard Milner (Peabody College). It has been in publication since 1965 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Washington Square is a short novel by Henry James. Originally published in 1880 as a serial in Cornhill Magazine and Harper's New Monthly Magazine it is a structurally simple tragicomedy that recounts the conflict between a dull but sweet daughter and her brilliant unemotional father. The plot of the novel is based upon a true story told to James by his close friend British actress Fanny Kemble.
 Roller Skates is a book by Ruth Sawyer that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1937. It is a fictionalized account of one year of Sawyer's life.
 The American Journal of Sociology was established in 1895 by Albion Small and is the oldest academic journal of sociology in the United States. The journal is attached to the University of Chicago's sociology department and it is published bimonthly by The University of Chicago Press. Its editor-in-chief is Andrew Abbott (University of Chicago). The journal presents work on the theory methods practice and history of sociology.
 Letters From the Devil: The Lost Writing of Anton Szandor LaVey is a volume are over 60 tabloid newspaper articles written by the founder of the Church of Satan long thought to be lost. It was published in 2010 by Lulu.
 Transactions of the American Philological Association is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1869 and the official publication of the American Philological Association. It covers the history culture and language of ancient Greek and Roman societies. The journal is published biannually by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 Evil Genes is a book by Barbara Oakley a systems engineer about the neurological and social factors contributing to chronic antisocial behavior.
 A Martian Odyssey is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum originally published in the July 1934 issue of Wonder Stories. It was Weinbaum's first published story and remains his best known. It was followed four months later by a sequel Valley of Dreams. These are the only stories by Weinbaum set on Mars.
 Chernobyl: Consequences of the Catastrophe for People and the Environment is a translation of a 2007 Russian publication by Alexey V. Yablokov Vassily B. Nesterenko and Alexey V. Nesterenko edited by Janette D. Sherman-Nevinger and originally published by the New York Academy of Sciences in 2009 in their Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences series.The primary author the biologist Alexey V.
 American Freak: A Tale of the Un-Men was a limited series published by DC Comics under its Vertigo imprint. It was written by Dave Louapre and illustrated by Vince Locke.
 Female is a 1933 novel by Donald Henderson Clarke. It was translated into Czech as Samička : Román ženy (1934).The novel was used as the basis of the feature film Female produced the same year by Warner Bros. and directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Karameikos: Kingdom of Adventure is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1994.
 Miss Rumphius is a picture book for children written and illustrated by Barbara Cooney and first published by Viking Books in 1982. It features the life story of fictional Miss Alice Rumphius a woman who sought a way to make the world more beautiful and found it in planting lupine in the wild.Cooney and William Steig (Doctor De Soto) shared the 1983 National Book Award for Children's Books in category Picture Books Hardcover.
 Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books Not Bombs in Afghanistan and Pakistan is a New York Times bestselling book by Greg Mortenson published by Viking in 2009. The book is the sequel to the bestselling book Three Cups of Tea and tells the story of Mortenson's humanitarian efforts to build schools in Pakistan and Afghanistan with his non-profit charity organization Central Asia Institute (CAI).
 The Screaming Mimi is a mystery novel by pulp writer Fredric Brown. It was first published in 1949.
 Pita-Ten (Japanese: ぴたテン Hepburn: Pitaten) is a Japanese manga by Koge-Donbo. It was serialized in Dengeki Comic Gao! between the October 1999 and August 2003 issues and was later collected into eight volumes. The eight volumes were localized to North America by Tokyopop; Madman Entertainment used Tokyopop's translations for distribution in Australasia.
 Corby Flood is a children's book written by Paul Stewart and illustrated by Chris Riddell published in 2005. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Silver Award.Corby Flood was an average girl in an average family. They were on board the SS Euphonia a giant cruise ship that used to be the Empress of the Seas but it was reduced to a cargo ship with some passengers including her family the caption Lieutenant Letchworth-Crisp a third engineer Mr. and Mrs.
 The Country Blues is a seminal book by Samuel Charters published in 1959 and generally acknowledged as the first scholarly book-length study of country blues music. An album of the same name was issued on Folkways Records as an accompaniment to provide examples of the artists and styles discussed. It was reprinted by Da Capo Press in 1975 with minor edits and a new introduction by the author.
 Social Studies of Science is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers relating to the history and philosophy of science. The journal's editor-in-chief is Sergio Sismondo (Queen's University). The journal was established in 1971 under the name Science Studies and assumed its present title in 1975.
 Young Royals is a series of novels for children by Carolyn Meyer based on the early lives of multiple royalties such as English and French royalty. Books in the series mostly include the English Tudors such as Mary Bloody Mary (1999) Beware Princess Elizabeth (2001) Doomed Queen Anne (2002) and Patience Princess Catherine (2004). The French books are Duchessina (2007) about the life of Catherine de' Medici and The Bad Queen: Rules and Instructions for Marie-Antoinette (2010).
 Bad Blood is a 2000 work blending collective biography and memoir by the Welsh literary critic and novelist Lorna Sage.Set in post-war North Wales it reflects on the dysfunctional generations of a family its problems and their effect on Sage. It won the 2001 Whitbread Book Biography of the Year seven days before Sage died of emphysema.
 Ōoku: The Inner Chambers (大奥 Ōoku) is an ongoing Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Fumi Yoshinaga. The plot follows an alternate history of medieval Japan in which an unknown disease kills most of the male population leading to a matriarchal society in which the Ōoku becomes a harem of men serving the now female shogun.The manga has been serialized in Hakusensha's josei magazine Melody since 2005.
 Stargonauts is a science-fiction-comedy novel written by David S. Garnett and released in 1994. A sequel novel Bikini Planet followed in 2000.
 El Massa (in Arabic المساء meaning The Evening) is an Algerian daily newspaper Printed in Arabic. It was started on 1 October 1985 as the first Algerian newspaper to be published in an evening edition: El Massa (المساء) also means evening in the Arabic language. The paper is published by and supportive of the Algerian government.
 The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight is a 1969 novel written by Jimmy Breslin and a film of the same name based on the book and released in 1971. The novel is a roman à clef based on the life of Joey Gallo.In the 1971 film version of the novel Kid Sally Palumbo – the character based on Joe Gallo also known as Crazy Joey – is played by Jerry Orbach.
 Jennie's Hat is a 1971 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats. Jennie can hardly wait for the new hat her aunt has promised her. “It will be big and beautiful and flowery” she tells herself happily. But when the box arrives there is only a plain hat inside. Although Jennie tries hard to make the best of it her desire for that hat of her dreams is too strong.
 Manshots was an international film review magazine specializing in gay pornography. The magazine included interviews with the directors and actors original glamour/soft porn photo spreads video stills special features on new film reviews and obituaries. The magazine was printed in the U.S. with bi-monthly issues running from 1988 through to 2001.
 An Introduction to Sustainable Development is a 2007 Earthscan book which presents sustainable development as a process that meets the needs of the present generation without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs. This textbook examines the environmental economic and social dimensions of sustainable development by exploring changing patterns of consumption production and distribution of resources.
 The Chief is a 2003 biographical one-man play about the Pittsburgh Steelers' founder and owner Art Rooney (1901–1988). The Pittsburgh Public Theater show has had several revivals since its inauguration with each production performed by Pittsburgh native Tom Atkins.
 The Tameside Reporter is a locally-based weekly newspaper which primarily serves the Metropolitan Borough of Tameside Greater Manchester England. It is one of very few remaining independently owned newspapers in the country and has existed since 1855. The group previously distributed a free weekly newspaper called the Ashton Reporter in recognition of the group's origins and continues to publish the Glossop Chronicle.
 Bambi's Children The Story of a Forest Family originally titled Bambis Kinder eine Familie im Walde is a German Children's novel written by Felix Salten as a sequel to his successful work Bambi A Life in the Woods. The sequel follows the lives of the twin children of Bambi and his cousin Faline as they grow from fawns through adulthood. Salten wrote the sequel while living in exile in Switzerland after being forced to flee Nazi occupied Austria as he was of Jewish heritage.
 Nippon Naibunpi Gakkai Zasshi is a prominent Japanese language academic journal for endocrinology.
 The Unfinished Memoirs (Bengali: অসমাপ্ত আত্মজীবনী) is the autobiography by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. Inspired by his wife Fazilatunnesa Mujub Mujib started writing his autobiography in his notebooks during his sojourns in jail as a state prisoner between 1967 and 1969. Later Mujib gave the notebooks to Moni to prepare a typed copy.
 Nekogami Yaoyorozu (猫神やおよろず lit. Cat God Myriads) also known as Cat God is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by FLIPFLOPs about a cat goddess that lives in an antique shop. A television anime adaptation by AIC PLUS+ aired in Japan between July and September 2011 and has been licensed in North America by NIS America under the title The Everyday Tales of a Cat God.
 Goddess of the Market is a biography of Ayn Rand by historian Jennifer Burns. Subtitled Ayn Rand and the American Right it explores Rand's intellectual development and her relationship to the conservative and libertarian movements. The writing of her books and the development of her philosophy of Objectivism are also covered.
 Planisphere is a 2009 poetry collection by the American writer John Ashbery. It consists of 99 alphabetically sequenced poems.
 The Scottish Medical Journal is a general medical journal which publishes original research in all branches of medicine review articles history of medicine articles and clinical memoranda. The editor-in-chief is Robert Carachi (Royal Hospital for Sick Children Glasgow).
 The 131⁄2 Lives of Captain Bluebear is a 1999 fantasy novel by German writer and cartoonist Walter Moers which details the numerous lives of a human-sized bear with blue fur. The captain's name is originally a pun in German based upon the fact that the German words for bears (Bären) and berries (Beeren) sound very much alike whereas Blaubeere (lit.
 American Century was a comic book series published by DC Comics as a part of the Vertigo imprint starting in early 2001. It was co-written by Howard Chaykin and David Tischman.The story concerned a former American pilot who fakes his death and goes on the run in the 1950s. Chaykin intended it as a left-wing version of Steve Canyon and wrote all of the issues. The comic ran for approximately two years.
 The Red Napoleon (1929) is a novel by Floyd Gibbons predicting a Soviet conquest of Europe and invasion of America. The novel contains strong racial overtones such as expressed fear of the yellow peril. Although to be fair the characters expressing these views are exposed in the text as being bigoted and ill-informed.The Red Napoleon was published in 1929 and projects the next few years. In it Joseph Stalin is killed by an assassin in 1932.
 Woundlicker is a novel by the journalist Jason Johnson which is set in Belfast Northern Ireland. The story takes place during the slow-moving Northern Ireland peace process talks of 2004 and is written as the verbatim transcription of a covert British government recording. Johnson said his debut novel published in 2005 was a story without heroes set in a city where there are far too many.
 Free Amazons of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 657) in December 1985.
 Terminator 2: Infinity is comic book series by Simon Furman and Nigel Raynor published by Dynamite Entertainment. It is set in 2009 after the 2004 Judgment Day depicted in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines.
 The Fazail-e-Sadqaat (Urdu: فضائلِ ﺻﺪﻗﺎﺕ) is an Islamic religious text a compilation of selected chapters from various books written by the Indian Islamic scholar Muhammad Zakariya Kandhlawi.The text consists of selected verses of the Qur'an Hadiths commentary thereon and other material. The book is a compilation of different previous books written by same author. It has been translated into English Arabic Persian Bengali and many other languages.
 Berts bravader (Swedish: Bert's exploits) is a diary novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1991 it tells the story of Bert Ljung from 2 January to 1 January during the calendar years he turns 14 and 15 covering the spring term in the 7th grade the upcoming summer break and the autumn term in the 8th grade.No specific calendar year almanac is used.
 For the 1974 film adaptation see The Odessa File (film)The Odessa File is a thriller by Frederick Forsyth first published in 1972 about the adventures of a young German reporter attempting to discover the location of a former SS concentration-camp commander.The name ODESSA is an acronym for the German phrase Organisation der Ehemaligen SS-Angehörigen which translates as Organization of Former Members of the SS.
 Blackberry wine is a magical realism novel published in 2000 the second in Joanne Harris' 'food trilogy'. It is set half in Yorkshire and half in the fictional village of Lansquenet-sous-Tannes the setting of Harris' Chocolat books.The book relies on Harris' typical split-narrative technique and follows two separate timelines one set in present-day France one set in Yorkshire twenty years ago during a pivotal time in the protagonist's life.
 The Ransom of Red Chief is a 1907 short story by O. Henry first published in The Saturday Evening Post. It follows two men who kidnap and attempt to ransom a wealthy Alabaman's son; eventually the men are driven to distraction by the boy's spoiled and hyperactive behavior and end up having to pay the boy's father to take him back.The story and its main idea have become a part of popular culture with many children's television programs using a version of the story as one of their episodes.
 Can't Win With You! (きみには勝てない! Kimi ni wa Katenai! aka. High School Nights) is a Japanese manga written by Satosumi Takaguchi and illustrated by Yukine Honami. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga's three bound volumes through its imprint Juné between August 15 2007 and March 11 2008. The manga is licensed in Germany as High School Nights by Tokyopop Germany.
 The FADER is a New York-based music publication launched in 1998 by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen. The FADERdocuments a diverse range of emerging and iconic music style and culture through in-depth reporting and a distinct street sensibility. The FADER is credited with giving exposure to top artists months ahead of mainstream recognition including Kanye West Bon Iver Outkast Nicki Minaj The Strokes Drake and The White Stripes.
 Ben Hur was an 1899 dramatization of the 1880 novel Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ by Lew Wallace. It was dramatized by William W. Young and produced by Marc Klaw and A. L. Erlanger. Inspired by the popular equestrian dramas of nineteenth century London the production was notable for its elaborate use of spectacle. The play as produced had seven parts: a prologue and six acts. The incidental music was written by American composer Edgar Stillman Kelley.
 Cyborg IV is a science fiction/secret agent novel by Martin Caidin that was first published in 1975. It was the fourth and final book in a series of novels Caidin began in 1972 with Cyborg profiling the adventures of astronaut Steve Austin who becomes a spy for the American government after an accident that requires the replacement of numerous body parts with high-powered machines.
 Star Wars: Legacy is an American comic book series set in the Star Wars universe. The series published by Dark Horse Comics is written by John Ostrander and Jan Duursema and illustrated by Duursema and others with inks by Dan Parsons and color by Brad Anderson. Issue #0 which cost $.25 and introduced the setting and major characters was released on June 7 2006.In the comic series Star Wars: Legacy Darth Krayt is the new dark lord of the Sith.
 Transformers is a comic book series by IDW Publishing spun off from the 2007 Transformers movie and other films in the Transformers film series.
 Red Shift (1973) is a fantasy novel by Alan Garner. It spans over a thousand years but one geographical area: Southern Cheshire England. Garner evokes the essence of place allowing his characters to echo each other through time as if their destinies may be predefined by the soil on which they walk.
 Worse Things Waiting is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Manly Wade Wellman. It was released in 1973 by Carcosa in an edition of 2867 copies of which 536 pre-ordered copies were signed by the author and artist. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Weird Tales Strange Stories Unknown and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 Sitti Nurbaya: Kasih Tak Sampai (Sitti Nurbaya: Unrealized Love often abbreviated Sitti Nurbaya or Siti Nurbaya; original spelling Sitti Noerbaja) is an Indonesian novel by Marah Rusli. It was published by Balai Pustaka the state-owned publisher and literary bureau of the Dutch East Indies in 1922. The author was influenced by the cultures of the west Sumatran Minangkabau and the Dutch colonials who had controlled Indonesia in various forms since the 17th century.
 The poem titled The Airs of Palestine was first published by John Pierpont (1785–1866) in 1816 (Baltimore: B. Edes; various reprints). It is probably the most famous of his poems and provided the title for his book Airs of Palestine and Other Poems (Boston: Munroe 1840).
 The Native Star is a historical fantasy novel and the first novel from writer M. K. Hobson. It was nominated for the 2010 Nebula Award.
 Castle Richmond is the third of five novels set in Ireland by Anthony Trollope. Castle Richmond was written between 4 August 1859 and 31 March 1860 and was published in three volumes on 10 May 1860. It was his tenth novel. Trollope signed the contract for the novel on 2 August 1859. He received £600 £200 more than the payment for his previous novel The Bertrams reflecting his growing popular success.Castle Richmond is set in southwestern Ireland at beginning of the Irish famine.
 Mumbai Confidential is a hardboiled comic book series by Saurav Mohapatra and Vivek Shinde published by Archaia. The story is set in the Indian city of Mumbai against the backdrop of the Mumbai Police Encounter killings a series of alleged extrajudicial slayings carried out by an elite squad of policemen. The story contains a western crime noir narrative and a setting and structure inspired by Bollywood movies.
 Double Double is a science fiction novel by John Brunner first published in the United States as an original paperback by Ballantine Books in 1969 and reprinted in 1979 as a Del Rey paperback. A hardcover edition was released in the British market in 1971 by Sidgwick & Jackson.
 The Embalmer (Japanese: 死化粧師 Hepburn: Shigeshōshi) is a manga series written and illustrated by Mitsukazu Mihara. It is serialized within the magazine Feel Young and currently has been collected into 6 volumes by Shodensha. The Embalmer was previously licensed for English release by Tokyopop and four volumes have been released. The company Hanami has released five volumes in Poland.
 The In-Between World of Vikram Lall is a novel by M. G. Vassanji published in 2003 by Doubleday Canada. The novel won the Giller Prize that year.
 Chiaroscuro: The Private Lives of Leonardo da Vinci is a Vertigo comic book limited series published from 1995 to 1996 which was later repackaged in 2005 as a single volume. The series was written by Pat McGreal and David Rawson and illustrated by Chaz Truog and Rafael Kayanan. The original series covers were done by Stephen John Philips and Richard Bruning.
 Bollywood Striptease is a 2012 novel by Neeta Shah. The plot of this novel is centered around Nikki a chartered accountant who wants to become a Bollywood actress. To pursue her dream she quits her job and has to undergo difficult situations including the casting couch. The book is published by Rupa & Co.. According to the author Neeta Shah the novel is a factual but fictionalised description of the Hindi film industry.
 Bi Community News (commonly shortened to 'BCN') is the United Kingdom's only magazine serving the bisexual population. It is published bimonthly and includes many articles reflecting bisexual life and media representation as well as news from the bisexual community.Resulting from a workshop at the UK BiCon in 1995 it started as a zine and has been consistently published since October 1995.
 The Romanian: Story of an Obsession is a true-to-life memoir by Bruce Benderson. The autobiographical text describes Benderson's encounters and journeys with a male Romanian street hustler through Romania and Hungary whom he meets while on a journalism assignment and falls in love with.
 Green Manor is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Fabien Vehlmann illustrated by Denis Bodart and published by Dupuis in French and Cinebook in English.
 Queer Crips: Disabled Gay Men and Their Stories is a 2004 anthology edited by Bob Guter and John R. Killacky. The book is a collection of personal stories from gay men with disabilities. The stories are told through a variety of literary genres including poetry prose and interviews. The book won the 2004 Lambda Literary Award for the Anthologies/Non-fiction category. Contributors to the book include gay men such as Greg Walloch Kenny Fries J. Quinn Brisben and Eli Clare.
 Nightfall: The Black Chronicles was a three-issue comic book mini-series published by Wildstorm through their Homage Comics imprint from December 1999 until February 2000. The comic was written by Ford Lytle Gillmore pencilled by Tomm Coker with Troy Hubbs and Christy Stuck inking and Jason Palmer as the colorist.The series takes place on an earth where the supernatural exists and are organized into various groups tribes or clans.
 The Stork Club (ISBN 0593056086) is a 2006 book by British author and journalist Imogen Edwards-Jones. The book based on the author’s Daily Telegraph column Shall I Be a Mother? is an autobiographical account of Edward-Jones’ attempts to conceive. The book outlines Imogen Edwards-Jones’ treatment by IVF.The paperback edition was published on 2 April 2007.
 Tea Moderna (Macedonian: Теа Модерна) is a Macedonian woman's weekly magazine women.
 The Lady from the Sea (Norwegian: Fruen fra havet) is a play written in 1888 by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.
 JLA: Another Nail is a comic book mini-series published in the United States by DC Comics a continuation of events in the original three-part mini-series JLA: The Nail. Another Nail also occurs outside the official DC Universe continuity and is part of the Elseworlds story collection. A number of its predecessor's peripheral plotlines are expanded and key incidents in the previous story arc are retold from other viewpoints revealing new information.
 Last Seen Wearing ... (1952) is a U.S. detective novel by Hillary Waugh frequently referred to as the police procedural par excellence. Set in a fictional college town in Massachusetts the book is about a female freshman who goes missing and the painstaking investigation carried out by the police with the aim of finding out what has happened to her and if necessary tracking down any perpetrator who has done her harm.
 Cognitive Systems Research is a scientific journal that covers all topics in the study of cognitive processes in both natural and artificial systems. It is published by Elsevier. The journal publishes 4 issues a year and is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Science Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2008 impact factor is 1.581.
 Owls to Athens is the fourth book in the Hellenic Traders series by H N Turteltaub. Like the others in the series it is a work of historical fiction concerning the adventures of a pair of Greek traders from Rhodes. Taking owls to Athens was a contemporary Greek saying roughly the equivalent of the modern selling snow to eskimos or carrying coals to Newcastle.
 Mãe Negra is a Portuguese language poem written by Angolan poet Alda Lara. Portuguese singer Paulo de Carvalho recorded it as a song.
 Becoming Julia is the fifth young adult novel by English writer Chris Westwood. It was first published in the UK by Viking in 1995 and became a runner-up in the Sheffield Children's Book Award (1996) and the Lancashire Children's Book Award (1996).
 Elizabeth Bathory is a Eurotica seven issue comic series by Raulo Cáceres published by Wetomix in 1999 and republished by Eros Comix in 2002-2007.
 Weirdworld was a fantasy series created by Doug Moench and Mike Ploog for Marvel Comics set in a dimension of magic.
 Undead and Unwelcome is the eighth book in the Undead series by MaryJanice Davidson. It was released on June 2 2009.
 The Slovenský náučný slovník (Slovak educational dictionary) is the first encyclopedia in the Slovak language. It was published in 1932 in three volumes.
 Heavenly Body (HHリミックス HH Rimikkusu) is a yaoi manga anthology by Takashi Kanzaki and published by Daitosha. It is licensed in English by Aurora Publishing which released the manga in August 2008.
 Gateway is a 1977 science fiction novel by American writer Frederik Pohl. Gateway won the 1978 Hugo Award for Best Novel the 1978 Locus Award for Best Novel the 1977 Nebula Award for Best Novel and the 1978 John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel. It is the opening novel in the Heechee saga. Several sequels followed and the novel was adapted into a computer game in 1992.
 The Purple Decades: A Reader is a collection of the non-fiction writing of Tom Wolfe published in 1982. The book contains 20 pieces of Wolfe's best-known writing.
 Perman (パーマン Pāman) by Fujiko F Fujio is a Japanese manga and anime about a clumsy boy Mitsuo Suwa who is chosen to apprentice to a powerful superhero. Although created as a parody of Superman (the name Perman is based on Superman without the Su) the character's creators appear to have distanced themselves from this origin story. In the comic-essay Passionate Days of Parman (PARマンの情熱的な日々) Fujiko Fujio claims the name is actually a reference to the par concept in golf.
 Dead Reckoning: Memories of the 1971 Bangladesh War is a controversial book on the Bangladesh Liberation War written by Sarmila Bose.Bose claims that allegations of genocide and rape by the Pakistan Army were exaggerated by Bangladesh and India. She presents interviews of some selected witnesses in favor of her opinion. She also accuses Bangladeshi liberation accounts of ignoring atrocities against Urdu-speaking people in East Pakistan.
 The Robesonian is a newspaper published in Lumberton North Carolina Tuesday through Friday afternoon and Saturday and Sunday morning.
 Computer Games Magazine was a computer gaming print magazine. Before 2000 it was known as Computer Games Strategy Plus and originally it was founded as Games International in the UK in 1988. While its initial focus was on PC strategy games it covered a wide range of game genres and platforms. The editor-in-chief was first Brian Walker from the UK; then Steven Wartofsky and then later Steve Bauman.
 Theory of Probability and its Applications is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by SIAM. Established in 1956 the journal is a translation of the Russian journal Teoriya Veroyatnostei i ee Primeneniya. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.12 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.827.
 Gone to the Dogs is a 2003 novel by Emily Carmichael.
 L'Ingénu is a satirical novella by the French writer Voltaire published in 1767. It tells the story of a Huron called Child of Nature who after having crossed the Atlantic to England crosses into Brittany France in the 1690s.
 The Angel (Danish: Engelen) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about an angel and a dead child gathering flowers to carry to Heaven. The tale was first published with three others in New Fairy Tales by C.A. Reitzel in November 1843. The four tales were received by the Danish critics with great acclaim. A print depicting the angel and child became very popular.
 The International Journal of Learning and Media is an electronic peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to examining the relationship between learning and media. The journal is published four times a year by the MIT Press and is online-only.
 The Definitive Biography of P.D.Q. Bach (1807–1742)? is a book by Prof. Peter Schickele chronicling the life of fictitious composer P. D. Q. Bach.
 One Morning Like a Bird is the fifth novel by English author Andrew Miller released on 4 September 2008 through Sceptre. The novel received mostly positive reviews.
 The British Journal of Photography (BJP) is a magazine about photography publishing in-depth articles profiles of photographers analyses and technological reviews.
 The Key to Rebecca is a novel by British author Ken Follett. Published in 1980 by Pan Books (ISBN 0792715381) it was a noted bestseller that achieved popularity both in the United Kingdom and worldwide. The code mentioned in the title is an intended throwback from Follett to Daphne du Maurier's famed suspense novel Rebecca.
 The Love You Make (subtitled An Insider's story of the Beatles) is a 1983 book by Peter Brown and Steven Gaines. Brown was personal assistant to the Beatles' manager Brian Epstein as well as best man to John Lennon at his wedding to Yoko Ono in Gibraltar on March 20 1969.The book covers the time from the Beatles' teenage years to after John Lennon's death. A large portion of the book is devoted to Lennon and Epstein.The book was reissued with very minor revisions in 2002.
 Bioethics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell in association with the International Association of Bioethics. There are 9 issues published each year which are available both in print and online. The editors-in-chief are Ruth Chadwick (Cardiff University) and Udo Schüklenk (Queen's University). In 2011 Bioethics celebrated 25 years of publication with a conference and a special issue of the journal.
 Jimi Hendrix: An Illustrated Experience is a biography of American guitarist Jimi Hendrix written by his stepsister Janie and his biographer John McDermott and published on October 9 2007. The book tells the story of Hendrix and his life through reproductions of rare material such as letters drawings postcards and posters.
 Fade from Grace is a five-part limited series written by Gabriel Benson and illustrated and created by Jeff Amano; it is published by Beckett Comics.
 Potrika (Bengali: পত্রিকা) is a British Bengali-language weekly newspaper.
 Denkigai no Honya-san (デンキ街の本屋さん) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Asato Mizu. It began serialization in the July 2011 issue of Media Factory's Comic Flapper magazine. A drama CD was released in August 2013. An anime television series adaptation has been announced.
 Written in the late 19th century by H. G. Wells and first published in The Butterfly (September 1899) (and collected in The Obliterated Man and Other Stories (Dec 1925)) A Vision of Judgment is a short story in 9 sections.
 MegaMan NT Warrior known in Japan as Rockman.EXE (ロックマンエグゼ Rokkuman Eguze) is an anime and manga series based on Capcom's Mega Man Battle Network video game series part of the Mega Man franchise. The manga series was written by Ryo Takamisaki and ran in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comic between 2001 and 2006. The anime series produced by Xebec ran for five seasons on TV Tokyo in Japan between March 2002 and September 2006 reaching 209 episodes in total.
 Wall Street Italia (WSI) is a leading independent website in Italy specialized in business financial political news and analysis aimed to institutional and private investors. It is published by Wall Street Italia Inc. a US company.
 Hawk of the Hills is an El Borak short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in June 1935 issue of the pulp magazine Top-Notch one of only five of the El Borak stories published within Howard's lifetime. The story was featured as the cover of that issue.The story is regarded as one of the best of Howard's works and is currently in print in the Del Rey collection The Best of Robert E. Howard Volume 1: Crimson Shadows.
 A Truce and Other Stories is a collection of six short stories by Mary Tappan Wright. It was first published in hardcover by Charles Scribner's Sons in 1895 and was reprinted by Fleabonnet Press in November 2008. The stories had previously been published in Scribner's Magazine between 1890 and 1894.This collection was the author's first published book.
 HERO MagazineTM was an American glossy gay magazine co-founded in 1997 by Sam Jensen Page and Paul Horne. The magazine stopped publication in January 2002.
 Brother Man (1954) is a novel by Roger Mais about a Messianic folk Rastafarian healer 'Bra' Man' (in dialect) John Power. The plot follows the superstructure of Christ's story with other characters resembling Mary Magdelene etc.
 City Primeval is a crime novel written by Elmore Leonard.
 This Is How It Goes is a 2005 play by Neil LaBute set in small town America about the repercussions of an interracial love triangle.High school sweethearts — the star of the high school track team (Cody) and a cheerleader (Belinda) — marry. He becomes a successful businessman; she's a stay-at-home mom.
 Princess Academy is a fantasy novel exploring themes of families relationships and education by Shannon Hale published on June 16 2005 by Bloomsbury. It tells the story of fourteen-year-old Miri who attends a princess academy which will determine who wins the hand of the prince. The book was named a 2006 Newbery Honor winner as well as a winner of several other awards.
 Partisan Review (PR) was an American political and literary quarterly published from 1934 to 2003 though it suspended publication between October 1936 and December 1937.
 Border Breed nor Birth is a science-fiction novella by Dallas McCord Mack Reynolds. It is the second in a sequence of near-future stories set in North Africa which also includes Black Man's Burden (1961-2) Black Sheep Astray (1973) and The Best Ye Breed (1978). Border Breed nor Birth and the North Africa series have been called a notable exception to the indirect treatment of racial issues in 1960s science fiction magazines.
 Nevermore: The Final Maximum Ride Adventure is the eighth and final book in the Maximum Ride series by James Patterson. It was released on August 6 2012.First copies of the preceding book Angel: A Maximum Ride Novel listed the release date of Nevermore as being some time in February 2012. However in the summer of 2011 fans of the series discovered a publication by the publisher which announced that the book had been pushed back to August 6 2012.
 European Journal of Industrial Relations is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles in the field of social sciences as relating to European industrial relations and both their theoretical and practical implications. The journal was established in 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Friday Morning Quarterback (better known as FMQB) is a trade magazine which covers the Radio and Music industries in the United States. Its coverage includes programming management promotion marketing and airplay for music formatted radio. The magazine was founded in 1968 by Kal Rudman and is read by over 10000 industry professionals. The website also hosts an industry database of over 5000 music and radio professionals.
 For the album by Sara Bareilles see The Blessed Unrest. For other senses see Blessed Unrest (disambiguation).Blessed Unrest: How the Largest Movement in the World Came into Being and Why No One Saw It Coming is a 2007 New York Times bestseller by Paul Hawken. The book is about the many non-profit groups and community organizations dedicated to many different causes which Hawken calls the “environmental and social justice movement”.
 The Journal of European Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of European studies especially the cultural history of Europe since the Renaissance. The editor-in-chief is John Flower (University of Kent). It was established in 1971 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Fire: A Queer Film Classic (2010) is a book written by the esteemed film critic Shohini Ghosh about the controversial and critically appreciated 1996 film Fire directed by Deepa Mehta which starred Shabana Azmi & Nandita Das on the leads.
 Strange Highways is a collection of 12 short stories and two novels by best-selling American suspense author Dean Koontz released in May 1995. Four of the stories are revised from their originals. A British edition of the book (without the novel Chase) was previously issued by Headline in April 1995.Cemetery Dance Publications printed a limited edition hardcover of the book (ISBN 1-881475-15-8). It was slipcased and limited to 750 signed and numbered copies.
 Into the Mouth of the Cat: The Story of Lance Sijan Hero of Vietnam is a book written by Malcolm McConnell and copyrighted in 1985 by Norton publishers.The book is based on the story of Lance Sijan who was a United States Air Force captain in the Vietnam War. On November 9 1967 Sijan ejected from his F-4 Phantom II at high speeds and at a low altitude which caused him to suffer massive injuries to his body.
 Catch-22 is a satirical historical fiction theatre production by the American author Joseph Heller first produced in 1971 and based on his novel of the same name.
 Baloney (Henry P.) is a children's picture book written by Jon Scieszka and illustrated by Lane Smith. It was published in 1991 by Viking Press.
 The Journal of Food Composition and Analysis is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on human food composition.
 The Doon School Weekly (commonly referred to as Weekly) is a student newspaper produced by and for students of The Doon School; it is sometimes abbreviated to DSW. The Doon School Weekly is owned by Indian Public Schools' Society which is the governing society of The Doon School. The newspaper's constitution grants the paper editorial independence. Articles are written on any topic.
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Last Straw is a novel written by American author and cartoonist Jeff Kinney the third book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series. The book acts as a journal and follows the adventures of Greg Heffley the narrator of the book who is in the second half of his seventh grade year. The title comes from the threat of military school to toughen Greg up. This book was released on January 13 2009 in the USA.
 El Observador is a Uruguayan newspaper published for the first time on October 22 1991 and distributed nation-wide.
 Polylog (stylized polylog) is a biannual German-language journal which exclusively addresses the new movement of intercultural philosophy.Polylog was founded in 1998 by the Vienna Society of Intercultural Philosophy in order to provide a homogenous platform for a broad professional audience including not only philosophers but also cultural scientists theologists and other humanities and social scientists from all parts of the world.The first issue was devoted to clarify and define the concept of intercultural philosophy the philosophical prerequisites of an intercultural discourse and the reorientation of culture-specific traditions and terminologies.The journal aims to give equal voice to diverse philosophical movements in the context of their particular cultures as well as their relevance in a global context.Other subject matters discussed in one or more issues include Asian Philosophy Latin American Philosophy universalisms tolerance translation cultivation of the self human rights and biotechnology to name but a few.
 Sheila Rae the Brave is the seventh book written and illustrated by Kevin Henkes. It is the second of the Mouse Books series preceded by A Weekend with Wendell and followed by Chester's Way.
 Nature of Wales (or Natur Cymru) is a quarterly bilingual magazine that covers nature and the environment in Wales including environmental politics and conservation. It released its first issue in Summer 2001; it published its 50th edition in spring 2014. In 2012 it ran a nature writing competition; the judging panel included Gillian Clarke.
 Very Hard Choices is a science-fiction/suspense-mystery novel from Canadian science fiction author Spider Robinson released in June 2008. The novel set in British Columbia is a sequel to Very Bad Deaths and continues the story of the reclusive telepath known as Smelly.
 The Machine's Child is a science fiction novel by Kage Baker. It is the seventh book in the series concerning the exploits of Dr. Zeus Inc. otherwise known as The Company.
 Undead and Unfinished is the ninth book in the Betsy the Vampire Queen series by Mary Janice Davidson.
 Bridge of Scarlet Leaves is a 2012 novel by Kristina McMorris set during the Japanese American internment of World War II. McMorris has stated that she was inspired to write the book due to her own mixed heritage and decided to call the book Bridge of Scarlet Leaves after reading a Japanese haiku.
 Welcome Home Jellybean is a 1978 novel written by Marlene Fanta Shyer. It is about a family who bring their mentally challenged daughter home from an institution and have to adjust to life with her around. In 1984 it was made into a CBS Schoolbreak Special. It starred Christopher Collet as Neil Oxley with Dana Hill as Geraldine Jellybean Oxley.
 Higher Superstition: The Academic Left and Its Quarrels with Science is a book by biologist Paul R. Gross and mathematician Norman Levitt published in 1994.
 The Bishop is a 1970 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Trumpets and Drums (German: Pauken und Trompeten) is an adaptation of an 18th-century English Restoration comedy by Farquhar The Recruiting Officer. It was written by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht in collaboration with Benno Besson and Elisabeth Hauptmann.It was first performed in 1955 in a production directed by Besson with music by Rudolf Wagner-Régeny (whose songs for the play have been called Weill-like by John Willett).
 The Queen's Throat: Opera Homosexuality and the Mystery of Desire is a 1993 book by American cultural critic Wayne Koestenbaum.
 Good People is a 2011 play by David Lindsay-Abaire. The world premiere was staged by the Manhattan Theatre Club in New York City. The production was nominated for two 2011 Tony Awards – Best Play and Best Leading Actress in a Play (Frances McDormand) with the latter winning.
 This Is How You Die: Stories of the Inscrutable Infallible Inescapable Machine of Death is a 2013 collection of science fiction short stories which is a follow up anthology to the Machine of Death edited by Ryan North Matthew Bennardo and David Malki.
 Perfect 10 was a monthly and then quarterly men's magazine featuring high resolution photographs of topless or nude women who have not had cosmetic surgery in pensive or artistic poses.
 Bambi a Life in the Woods originally published in Austria as Bambi. Eine Lebensgeschichte aus dem Walde is a 1923 Austrian novel written by Felix Salten and published by Ullstein Verlag. The novel traces the life of Bambi a male roe deer from his birth through childhood the loss of his mother the finding of a mate the lessons he learns from his father and experience about the dangers posed by human hunters in the forest.
 The Virginia Informer was a monthly student-run publication at The College of William and Mary in Williamsburg Virginia. The newspaper contained five sections: News Features Sports Arts & Culture and Opinion. The organization also maintained The Virginia Informer Online a website that was updated weekly.
 Irish Pages: A Journal of Contemporary Writing is a literary magazine published in Belfast and edited by Chris Agee and Cathal Ó Searcaigh. It was launched in 2002 and appears biannually.The journal regularly publishes articles related to Belfast and Northern Ireland generally as well as works with a more international view. It prints both established and previously unpublished writers.
 Muqarnas is an annual academic journal of the Aga Khan Program for Islamic Architecture at Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The journal was established in 1983 and focuses on Islamic architecture and visual arts and has become established as perhaps the leading journal in English in the field. Oleg Grabar was among the founders.The journal's name muqarnas is a decorative device in traditional Islamic and Persian architecture.
 Action for Slander is a drama novel by the Anglo-American writer Mary Borden.It was first published in 1937 by Harper. A British army officer faces disgrace when he is falsely accused of cheating at cards by a fellow officer whose wife he has had an affair with.
 Monsieur Beaucaire is a short novel by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Booth Tarkington that was first published in 1900.
 All My Friends Are Dead is an illustrated dark comedy book published by Chronicle Books in 2010. It was written by Avery Monsen and Jory John and illustrated by Avery Monsen.An animated GIF of the first 10 pages of the book were posted on Tumblr and quickly became the most reblogged and liked post in Tumblr's history. The viral website was also reported in New York Magazine.
 Batman: Digital Justice is a graphic novel published by DC Comics in 1990 in both hardback and paperback forms. It was written and illustrated by Pepe Moreno entirely using computer hardware software and techniques. The story takes place outside regular DC continuity but is not an Elseworlds title.
 Off With His Head is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the nineteenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1957. The plot concerns a village festival in the English countryside and features Morris dancing among other folkloric elements. The novel was published as Death of a Fool in the United States a reference to the fact that the murder victim is playing a Fool in the festival.The novel is classed as a locked room mystery.
 Contemporary Religious Satanism: A Critical Anthology is an academic anthology edited by the Norwegian religious studies scholar Jesper Aa. Petersen which was published by Ashgate in 2009. Containing eight separate papers produced by various scholars working in the field of Satanism studies the book examines different forms of Satanism as practiced in Europe and North America.
 For the song see Mrs. God Mrs. God is a fantasy novel by Peter Straub. It was first published in 1990 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1350 copies of which 600 copies were signed by the author and the artist bound in quarter leather and slipcased as a deluxe edition. The novel is expanded from the short novel of the same name that appeared in Straub's collection Houses Without Doors.
 And Then There Were None is a mystery novel by Agatha Christie. It was first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club on 6 November 1939 as Ten Little Niggers after the British blackface song which serves as a major plot point. The title was changed to the last line of the rhyme – And Then There Were None – for the first American edition which used the original American version of the song.
 The Weapon Too Dreadful To Use is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the May 1939 issue of Amazing Stories and reprinted in the August 1965 issue of Amazing and the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. The Weapon Too Dreadful to Use was the eleventh story written by Asimov and the second to be published.
 Night Watch (Russian: Ночной дозор Nochnoy Dozor) is a fantasy novel by Russian writer Sergei Lukyanenko published in 1998 (1st ed ISBN 5-237-01511-5).
 Unforgettable is the fourth book in The It Girl series released in 2007. It was written by a ghostwriter with suggestions from Cecily von Ziegesar. Aimed toward young adults it is a spin-off from the bestselling Gossip Girl series.
 Dandelion Wine is a 1957 novel by Ray Bradbury taking place in the summer of 1928 in the fictional town of Green Town Illinois based upon Bradbury's childhood home of Waukegan Illinois. The novel developed from the short story Dandelion Wine which appeared in the June 1953 issue of Gourmet magazine.The title refers to a wine made with dandelion petals and other ingredients commonly citrus fruit.
 Rain Stones is a 1991 short story collection by acclaimed Australian author Jackie French. It is notable for being the first children's book written by the author.
 The Rainbow Orchid is a comic written and drawn by Garen Ewing the first of a series of planned Julius Chancer books. It is set in the 1920s and follows Chancer's expedition to discover the mythical 'Rainbow Orchid'. Starting in England the adventure takes the characters first to France then Karachi in India and into the Indus Valley.
 The Haunting Of Alaizabel Cray (written by Chris Wooding published 2001 by Scholastic Books) is a Gothic steampunk horror/ /alternate history novel about Victorian London overrun by the wych-kin demonic creatures that have rendered the city uninhabitable south of the river and which stalk the streets after dark.
 Magic Steps is the opening book of The Circle Opens quartet of young adult fantasy novels by Tamora Pierce. It is preceded by the Circle of Magic quartet taking place four years after the conclusion of Briar's Book. It portrays the adventures of Sandrilene fa Toren the noble thread mage and her first experience as a teacher of magic.
 Erewhon: or Over the Range is a novel by Samuel Butler published anonymously in 1872. The title is also the name of a country supposedly discovered by the protagonist. In the novel it is not revealed where Erewhon is but it is clear that it is a fictional country. Butler meant the title to be read as the word Nowhere backwards even though the letters h and w are transposed therefore Erewhon is an anagram of nowhere.
 Socialist Studies was a series of publications published by the Socialist Labor Party of America. The series was inaugurated in 1981.Many of the titles in the series were articles reprinted from the SLP's official journal The People.
 Satisfaction Guaranteed (よろず屋東海道本舗 Yorozuya Tōkaidō Honpo) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ryo Saenagi (冴凪亮 Saenagi Ryō).
 Manifold: Origin (2001) is a science fiction novel by author Stephen Baxter the third instalment in the Manifold Trilogy. As with the other books the protagonist Reid Malenfant is put through a scenario dealing with the Fermi paradox. Each novel is an alternative scenario rather than a chronological sequel and does not occur in the same universe.
 The Agent of Death is the third of Nelson DeMille's novels about NYPD Sergeant Joe Ryker. It was published in 1974 and then republished in 1989 with the DeMille pseudonym Jack Cannon as the author and The Death Squad as the title.
 Now All Roads Lead To France is a 2011 non-fiction book by Matthew Hollis. It details the life of Edward Thomas a seminal poet in the history of British literature known for his work exploring the notions of disconnection and unsettledness. Reviews praising the book ran in publications such as The Guardian The Independent and The Wall Street Journal. The book won the 2011 Costa Book Award for 'Best Biography' with the judges calling it brilliant as well as the 2011 H. W.
 Dacica (or De bello dacico) is a Latin work by Roman Emperor Trajan written in the spirit of Julius Caesar's commentaries like De Bello Gallico and describing Trajan's campaigns in Dacia.It is assumed to be based on Criton of Heraclea's Getica a work on the history of the Daco-Getae. Criton was Trajan's Greek chief physician and procurator during the Dacian wars.Based on the research so far Dacica is considered lost. However one sentence survived in the Latin grammar work by Priscian.
 Time Stops for No Mouse is a children's fiction mystery book written by Michael Hoeye. The book was first published by Speak a division of Penguin Putnam. The 250-page book was originally published in 1999 and was a finalist for the Book Sense Book of the Year award. It was reprinted in 2000 and 2002. Time Stops for No Mouse was the first in series of The Hermux Tantamoq Adventures and it currently has three sequels The Sands of Time No Time Like Show Time and Time to Smell the Roses
 El Conquistador is a weekly bilingual newspaper serving McHenry County Lake County and DeKalb County Illinois United States.In addition to single-copy sales El Conquistador is popular with schools which use it as a learning aide because all articles are published in both English and Spanish.El Conquistador is a part of Shaw Suburban Media's NorthWest News Group and is owned by Shaw Newspapers.
 The Runaway Bunny is a 1942 picture book written by Margaret Wise Brown and illustrated by Clement Hurd. The plot deals with a small rabbit who wants to run away. His mother however tells him that if you run away I will run after you.The book has been in print continuously since 1942.[citation needed]This book is the first in Brown and Hurd's classic series which also includes Goodnight Moon and My World.
 Alphabeasts is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Wallace Edwards and published in 2002. The book uses illustrations of anthropomorphized animals to teach young learners the English alphabet. Alphabeasts won a Canadian Governor General’s Literary Award in 2002 and was named a Gold Medal Book of the Year by ForeWord Reviews Magazine.
 In the Forests of Serre is a 2003 fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It was nominated for the 2004 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature.
 Black Butler (Japanese: 黒執事 Hepburn: Kuroshitsuji) is a manga written and illustrated by Yana Toboso. Since its debut on September 16 2006 it has been serialized in Square Enix's shōnen manga magazine Monthly GFantasy.The series follows Ciel Phantomhive the twelve-year-old (later thirteen-year-old) head of the Phantomhive noble family and the business-savvy owner of the Funtom company a toy manufacturer. Ciel has formed a demonic contract with Sebastian Michaelis.
 Anne of Windy Poplars also published as Anne of Windy Willows in the UK Australia and Japan is an epistolary novel by L. M. Montgomery. First published in 1936 by McClelland and Stewart it details Anne Shirley's experiences over three years teaching at a high school in Summerside Prince Edward Island. The novel features a series of letters Anne sends to her intended Gilbert Blythe who is completing medical school.
 Frontiers of Health Services Management is an official quarterly magazine of the American College of Healthcare Executives published by their Health Administration Press division.
 What To Do When Someone Dies is a 2009 novel by Nicci French. It concerns a young woman whose husband dies in mysterious circumstances and her struggle to deal with her bereavement and make sense of his death. It was dramatised for television as a three-part series Without You in 2011.
 A Glimpse of Hell: The Explosion on the USS Iowa and Its Cover-Up is a nonfiction book of investigative journalism written by Charles C. Thompson II and published in 1999. The book describes the USS Iowa turret explosion that took place on April 19 1989 and the subsequent investigations that tried to determine the cause.
 Startide Rising is a 1983 science fiction novel by David Brin and the second book of six set in his Uplift Universe (preceded by Sundiver and followed by The Uplift War). It earned both Hugo and Nebula Awards for Best Novel.
 Oceania is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1930. It covers social and cultural anthropology of the peoples of Oceania including Australia Melanesia Polynesia Micronesia and Southeast Asia. The journal publishes research papers as well as review articles correspondence and shorter comments.Occasionally a special issue is devoted to a single topic comprising thematically connected collections of papers prepared by a guest editor.
 Rubicon is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 1999. It is the seventh book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery stories set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 European Journal of Entomology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Czech Academy of Sciences. It covers research in entomology including Myriapoda Chelicerata and terrestrial Crustacea. It was established in 1904 by the Czech Entomological Society under the title Acta Societatis Entomologicae Bohemiae then later as Acta entomologica bohemoslovaca. The insect depicted on the cover of the journal is Pyrrhocoris apterus.
 The Sorrows of the Girl Mayyasa or Ahzan al-bint Mayyasa is a Yemeni short story collection by Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was first published in 1990.
 Le Praticien en Anesthésie Réanimation (translated title: The Anaesthesia and Intensive Care Practitioner) is a French peer-reviewed medical journal covering anaesthesiology. It was established in 1997 and is published by Elsevier Masson. The editors-in-chief are Francis Bonnet and Muriel Fartoukh. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Embase/Excerpta Medica.
 2001: A Space Odyssey is a 1968 science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke. It was developed concurrently with Stanley Kubrick's film version and published after the release of the film. Clarke and Kubrick worked on the book together but eventually only Clarke ended up as the official author. The story is based in part on various short stories by Clarke most notably The Sentinel (written in 1948 for a BBC competition but first published in 1951 under the title Sentinel of Eternity).
 For 10 years San Francisco-based Morbid Curiosity magazine was devoted to first-person nonfiction essays. Helmed by editor and publisher Loren Rhoads Morbid Curiosity explored the unsavory unwise unorthodox and unusual: all the dark elements that make life truly worth living.In September 2009 Scribner published a collection of some of the editor's favorite pieces called Morbid Curiosity Cures the Blues.
 Room One is a children's book by Andrew Clements. Part of his School series it was released by Simon & Schuster in 2006. It won the 2007 Edgar Award for Best Juvenile Mystery.
 The Watauga Democrat is a newspaper published in Boone North Carolina. It is printed three days a week on Sundays Wednesdays and Fridays. In 2002 its average paid circulation was 20832.The Watauga Democrat began as a political newspaper but quickly evolved into a highly respected non-partisan publication that chronicles local news in Watauga County.
 Tarzan and the Lion Man is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the seventeenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Liberty from November 1933 through January 1935. It is the closest thing to a pure comic novel in the Tarzan series with Burroughs wildly satirizing Hollywood's treatment of the Tarzan character and even spoofing his own work.
 A Natural History of Rape: Biological Bases of Sexual Coercion is a 2000 book about rape by biologist Randy Thornhill and anthropologist Craig T. Palmer. Thornhill and Palmer propose that rape should be understood through evolutionary psychology and criticize the argument popularized by Susan Brownmiller's Against Our Will that rape is not sexually motivated.
 MEMEnomics: the Next-Generation Economic System is a book by Said Elias Dawlabani first being published in September 2013.
 The Journal of Archaeological Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the development and application of scientific techniques and methodologies to all areas of archaeology. The journal was established in 1974 and is published by Academic Press an imprint of Elsevier.
 The International Journal of Meteorology is a bimonthly science magazine on meteorology and severe weather particularly that of the United Kingdom and Europe. It is a semi-professional non-profit publication with a mix of academic and amateur articles. It is published by Artetech Pub. Co. for TORRO.
 Commando is the autobiography of guitarist and songwriter Johnny Ramone of the punk rock band The Ramones. The book was released in 2012 by Linda Ramone surviving spouse of Johnny Ramone following the death of Johnny in 2004 from prostate cancer.
 The Gospel of Corax is a 1996 novel by Paul Park about an escaped Roman slave (Corax) who travels from Caesarea to India with a burly Essene man named Jeshua.The novel is a suggestion of a historical Jesus' whereabouts during his disappearance from the historical record between childhood and his thirties.
 Ash is a young adult fantasy lesbian novel by Malinda Lo first published in 2009. The novel is about an abused teenage girl who longs for fairies to take her away from her terrible life. A seemly gentle and protective fairy promises to do so as payment but shortly thereafter the girl falls in love later with an athletic respected noblewoman and hunter.
 Stone Canoe is a literary magazine published annually by University College of Syracuse University. It covers the work of artists and writers with connections to Upstate New York.
 Don't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late! is a bestselling children's picture book by Mo Willems. Released by Hyperion Press in 2006 it is part of Willems's Pigeon series. It won a National Parenting Publications Award in 2006 and was named one of the top three books for kindergarteners and first graders in a 2006 poll by Scholastic Books.In the New York Times Book Review Bruce Handy called the title pigeon one of this decade's contributions to the pantheon of great picture book characters.
 Father Hilary's Holiday is a 1965 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 The Feeling Good Handbook is a workbook written by David D. Burns M.D. as a companion to his best-selling Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy. The Handbook includes a lucid explanation of principles of cognitive behavioral therapy which details ways to improve a person's mood and life by identifying and eliminating common cognitive distortions while improving communication skills.
 The Manchester Observer was a short-lived Non-conformist Liberal newspaper based in Manchester England. Its radical agenda invitation to Henry Orator Hunt to speak at a public meeting in Manchester led to the Peterloo Massacre and the shutdown of the newspaper.
 Match Girl (1995) is a short story by Anne Bishop published in Ruby Slippers Golden Tears (edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling. It is a retelling of the story of The Little Match Girl by Hans Christian Andersen.
 Cartucho is written by Nellie Campobello. It is a semi-autobiographical novel set in the Mexican Revolution and tells the story of childhood memories living in Mexico during the war.
 Tukuma Ziņotājs is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 The Queenslander was the weekly summary and literary edition of the 'Brisbane Courier' (now The Courier-Mail) since the 1850s the leading journal in the colony and later federal state of Queensland. The Queenslander was launched by the Brisbane Newspaper Company in 1866 and it was discontinued in 1939. In a country the size of Australia a daily newspaper of some prominence could only reach the bush and outlying districts if it also published a weekly edition.
 Random Harvest is a novel written by James Hilton first published in 1941. Like previous Hilton works including Lost Horizon and Goodbye Mr. Chips the novel was immensely popular placing second on The New York Times list of best-selling novels for the year.The novel was successfully adapted into a film of the same name in 1942 under the direction of Mervyn LeRoy.
 Analytical Biochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1960. It covers the field of biochemistry. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.582.
 Hunted is a science fiction novel written by Canadian author James Alan Gardner and published in the year 2000 by HarperCollins Publishers under its various imprints. The novel is the fourth in Gardner's League of Peoples series after Expendable (1997) Commitment Hour (1998) and Vigilant (1999).
 The Garden of Last Days is a 2008 novel by Andre Dubus III. It tells the interweaving stories of several individuals in Florida in the days before the September 11 attacks. The book is a follow up to House of Sand and Fog.
 Fifty Poems is a collection of poetry by fantasy author Lord Dunsany. His first poetry collection it was first published in hardcover simultaneously in London and New York by G. P. Putnam's Sons in October 1929.The book collects fifty poems by the author.
 Immunity is a peer-reviewed medical journal of immunology published by Cell Press. The journal was established in December 1994 and is edited by Peter T. Lee.
 The Second Shepherds' Play (also known as The Second Shepherds' Pageant) is a famous medieval mystery play which is contained in the manuscript HM1 the unique manuscript of the Wakefield Cycle. It gained its name because in the manuscript it immediately follows another nativity play involving the shepherds. In fact it has been hypothesized that the second play is a revision of the first.
 Ascendant Sun is a novel which tells the story of how Kelric made it back to Earth to become Imperator of the Skolian Empire and lead his people towards peace with the Eubians in the Saga of the Skolian Empire series by Catherine Asaro.
 Was (or Was... in the UK edition) is a WFA nominated 1992 novel by American author Geoff Ryman focusing on the (in some cases tragic) lives of disparate individuals linked to one another by L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and the musical film version. Ranging across time and space from the 1860s Kansas to the late 1980s California among other locations the novel's characters include a tapestry of characters some real but most fictitious whose lives indirectly affect each other.
 This article concerns the manga series. For the Latin phrase meaning and so forth see Et cetera. For further uses see Etcetera (disambiguation) or ETC.Et Cetera (えとせとら Etosetora) is an action adventure comedy manga written and illustrated by Tow Nakazaki (なかざき 冬 Nakazaki Tō). It is licensed in English by Tokyopop. The first volume was released on August 2004; the final volume was published in April 2007.
 Latin! or Tobacco and Boys is a play by Stephen Fry written in 1979. It was first performed at 'The Playroom' an L-shaped space in St Edwards Passage that belonged to Corpus Christi College Cambridge.
 Bulldog Drummond at Bay was the ninth Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1935 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper. 
 Rethinking Marxism is a Marxist quarterly peer-reviewed journal of economics culture and society. It was launched in 1988 and since 2003 (Volume 15) it has been published by Routledge. The current co-editors of the journal is Marcus E. Green and Serap Kayatekin.
 Acta Biotheoretica: Mathematical and philosophical foundations of biological and biomedical science is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It is the official journal of the Jan van der Hoeven Society for Theoretical Biology. The editor-in-chief is D.J. Kornet (Leiden University).
 The Magical Revival is a book written by British occultist Kenneth Grant first published in 1972. It is the first of his Typhonian Trilogy which comprises this work and two others—Aleister Crowley and the Hidden God (1973) and Cults of the Shadow (1975). In this work he first introduced his theory that American horror author H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu mythos was psychic revelation presented as fiction an idea which he would elaborate and extend further in his later works.
 Marx in the mid-twentieth century: A Yugoslav philosopher reconsiders Karl Marx's writings is a 1965 book about Karl Marx by Gajo Petrović Croatia's leading 20th-century philosopher.
 Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze (1951) is a children's novel by Elizabeth Enright the last of her four books about the Melendy family preceded by The Saturdays The Four-Story Mistake and Then There Were Five. The four Melendy children and their adopted brother Mark live with their father a widowed professor of economics and Cuffy their beloved housekeeper. This is the last book in the Melendy series.
 Twelve Days of Terror: A Definitive Investigation of the 1916 New Jersey Shark Attacks is a non-fiction book by Richard G. Fernicola about the Jersey Shore shark attacks of 1916. The book was published in 2001 by Lyons Press. Fernicola offers an in-depth investigation of the shark attacks of 1916 plus modern-day attacks.
 The Kempton-Wace Letters was a 1903 epistolary novel by Jack London and Anna Strunsky. It was published anonymously.It is a discussion of the philosophy of love and sex written in the form of a series of letters between two men Herbert Wace a young scientist and Dane Kempton an elderly poet.
 The Grounding of Group 6 is a work of young adult fiction by Julian F. Thompson author of nineteen young adult novels. The hardcover edition of the popular Avon paperback was published in 1997 by Henry Holt & Co.
 Carl Haffner’s Love of the Draw (German: Carl Haffners Liebe zum Unentschieden) is a 1998 chess novel by Austrian writer Thomas Glavinic. It was Glavinic's first novel and is about a shy and withdrawn Viennese chess master who in 1910 challenges the World Champion for his title. The book was translated into English in 1999 by John Brownjohn for London-based publisher Harvill Press.
 Higher Education: The International Journal of Higher Education and Educational Planning is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering educational developments throughout the world in universities polytechnics colleges and vocational and educational institutions. The journal reports on developments in both public and private higher education sectors. It is published by Springer and has a 2008 impact factor of 0.600.
 Tom Swift and His Motor Boat or The Rivals of Lake Carlopa is Volume 2 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 The Hillsboro Banner is a weekly newspaper published in Hillsboro North Dakota in the United States. The Banner is the oldest weekly newspaper in the state of North Dakota. It was first published in 1879 and became the official newspaper of Hillsboro in 1894. The current circulation is around 1500.
 Aliwa! is a play by the Australian Indigenous playwright Dallas Winmar and published by Currency Press in 2002.
 Que Pasa (from the Spanish what's up?) is a Spanish-language newspaper circulated in North Carolina USA. Its primary audience is the Latino community in the state. The paper maintains distinct editions for the Piedmont Charlotte and Research Triangle areas of the state. This free paper is distributed mostly at restaurant and grocery locations.
 The House of Breath is a novel written by the American author William Goyen. It was his first book published in 1950. It is not a novel in the usual sense in that it lacks traditional plot and character development. Upon its publication reviewers noted the book for its unusual literary technique and style. Goyen called it a series of “arias”. Some critics have called it not a novel at all but a work to be read as poetry over and over.
 The Cube Root of Uncertainty is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert Silverberg published in hardcover by Macmillan in 1970 and issued in paperback by Collier Books in 1971. No further editions have been issued.
 Never Tease a Siamese: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow as she investigates the death of wealthy socialite Lilah Murchison. The reclusive millionaire and rumored black widow was detested by most everyone including her own son who expects to share his inheritance with the throng of Siamese that inhabit his mother’s dreary mansion.
 Exodus is a 2007 military science fiction novel and sequel to the Stars at War series written by Steve White and Shirley Meier.
 The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon (1999) is a psychological horror novel by Stephen King. In 2004 a pop-up book adaptation was released designed by Kees Moerbeek and illustrated by Alan Dingman.
 Mus of Kerbridge is a 1995 fantasy novel by Paul Kidd. It follows the story of a mouse called Mus who has been sent to spy on the princess of Kerbridge only to help her fight against the warlady of the South.
 The Catholic Herald is a London-based Roman Catholic newspaper published in broadsheet format and retailing at £1.50 (€1.80 in the Republic of Ireland).The Herald reports a total circulation of about 21000 copies distributed to Roman Catholic parishes wholesale outlets and postal subscribers. About a 1000 of this total are distributed in the Republic of Ireland.[citation needed] The newspaper's Editor-in-Chief is Damian Thompson.
 Pipe Dream is the twice-weekly student newspaper of Binghamton University in Vestal N.Y. Printed as a tabloid until Spring 2012 Pipe Dream now prints as a broadsheet paper with full color front and back pages.Pipe Dream is one of the few student newspapers in the country that is and always has been entirely student-run without the supervision or assistance of an advisor.
 The Abyssinian (French: L'Abyssin) is a 1997 historical adventure novel by Jean-Christophe Rufin.
 Drifting Net Cafe (漂流ネットカフェ Hyōryū Netto Kafe) is a Japanese seinen manga by Shuzo Oshimi that is currently serialized in the manga magazine Manga Action. Drifting Net Cafe is a science fiction mystery involving a group of patrons trapped in an internet café which has become a strange universe of its own.
 Beyond the First Amendment: The Politics of Free Speech and Pluralism is a book about freedom of speech and the First Amendment to the United States Constitution written by author Samuel Peter Nelson. It was published by Johns Hopkins University Press in 2005. In it Nelson discusses how the more general notion of free speech differs from that specifically applied to the First Amendment in American law.The book was positively received in reviews from academic and legal journals.
 Unclean Jobs for Women and Girls is the debut short story collection of author Alissa Nutting winner of the Sixth Starcherone Prize for Innovative Fiction.
 The War of Don Emmanuel's Nether Parts is a novel by Louis de Bernières first published in 1990. It is the first of his Latin American trilogy. The other two parts are Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord and The Troublesome Offspring of Cardinal Guzman. It is de Bernières' first published novel but is an accomplished and complex work.
 The Wyvern's Spur is a fantasy novel by Kate Novak and Jeff Grubb that was originally published in 1990. It is the second novel in the Finder’s Stone Trilogy which is set within the world of the Forgotten Realms. This novel received 4 stars from OtherRealms.The novel focuses on a clumsy but well-meaning young nobleman whose designs on a return to normal town life are interrupted when he stumbles into an ancestral vendetta and rediscovers a family legacy.
 Hello Sailor is a novel written by Eric Idle and consists of several interweaving stories. The novel's structure is jagged and its characters odd and unusual. The conclusion of the book is unusual in that the majority of text on the last page is blacked out allowing the reader to choose the ending he or she would most prefer.
 Tales from the Nightside is a collection of stories by author Charles L. Grant. It was released in 1981 and was the author's first book by Arkham House and was published in an edition of 4121 copies. The book cover has been featured on Thrash Metal band Sepultura album Beneath the Remains
 Weslandia is a novel by Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes. It was published in 1999 by Candlewick Press.
 Sasami-san@Ganbaranai (ささみさん@がんばらない lit. Ms. Sasami@Unmotivated) is a Japanese light novel series written by Akira with illustrations by Hidari. The first volume was published in December 2009 and 11 volumes have been released by Shogakukan as of June 2013. A manga adaptation has been produced and a 12-episode anime TV series adaptation by Shaft aired between January and March 2013.
 Wink (윙크) is a popular South Korean manhwa magazine published by Seoul Media Group (Hangul: Seoul Munhwasa 서울문화사). The first issue was released in 1993-08-01. It publishes Bride of the Water God Goong and Hissing.In July 2012 the magazine moved to digital format and the ongoing series in the magazine are available monthly through online subscription.
 Prantik (Assamese: প্ৰান্তিক) is a multi-topic Assamese magazine published fortnightly from Guwahati since 1981. It plays a vital role in the socio-political lives of the people of Assam.[citation needed] The founder editor of the magazine is Dr. Bhabendranath Saikia. The present editor is Pradip Baruah.
 ¡Que viva la música! is a novel by the Colombian writer Andrés Caicedo one of his most important works and considered by many observers as a masterpiece of modern Colombian literature. He started to write it on a trip to Los Angeles trying to get in touch with Roger Corman in order to sell to the famous Hollywood director four of his play scripts but he was not welcomed. Caicedo devoted his time in the USA to seeing movies studying blues and rock and writing this novel.
 Samyukta Karnataka is a major Kannada newspaper which has its headquarters in Hubli Karnataka. It is also published from Bangalore.
 The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions is a collection of stories revised or ghostwritten by American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was originally published in 1970 by Arkham House in an edition of 4058 copies.The collection was revised in 1989 by S. T. Joshi adding an introduction by Joshi correcting the texts and expanding the contents.In 2007 Del Rey published a trade paperback version with a new introduction by Stephen Jones and a brief biography of Lovecraft at the end.
 Basic and Applied Social Psychology (BASP) is a Bi-Monthly psychology journal published by Taylor & Francis. The journal emphasizes the publication of empirical research articles but also publishes literature reviews criticism and methodological or theoretical statements spanning the entire range of social psychological issues.
 Four Eyes is an American comic book series published by Image Comics beginning in 2008.
 The Return of Lanny Budd is the 11th and final novel in Upton Sinclair's Lanny Budd series. First published in 1953 the story covers the period from 1946 to 1949.
 Pudhari is a popular Marathi daily published from Kolhapur. It is the fourth-largest Marathi newspaper daily. Pudhari has different editions for major districts of Maharashtra namely Mumbai Pune Kolhapur Sangli Satara Solapur Ahmadnagar Ratnagiri Sindhudurg Belgaum & an edition for Goa state.A supplement called 'Bahar' is published along with the Sunday issue of PudhariPudhari's fund collection for the Kargil War in 1999 was one of the largest by newspapers in India.
 Inakappe Taishō (いなかっぺ大将 lit. The Funny Judo Champion) is manga series by Noboru Kawasaki and serialized by Shogakukan in Shogakukan no Gakushū Zasshi. The manga series won the 14th Shogakukan Manga Award. An anime adaptation was created by Tatsunoko Production.
 De steile helling is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1988.
 The Journal of Modern Greek Studies is an academic journal founded in 1983 and is the official publication of the Modern Greek Studies Association. It is devoted to the study of modern Greece and explores social cultural and political affairs in Greece from the late Byzantine period until the present day. The journal attempts to cover historical literary anthropological artistic and other aspects of contemporary Greek society. The current editor is Maria Koundoura of Emerson College.
 Nor Crystal Tears (1982) is a first-contact novel written by Alan Dean Foster about the meeting of the insectoid Thranx and Man. This sets in motion the creation of the Humanx Commonwealth; the political body that is the union of human and thranx society which forms the foundation for many of Foster's science-fiction novels. Nor Crystal Tears is written from the perspective of the Thranx and the cultural lens through which they encounter the monstrous fleshy alien mammals known as humans.
 Transfer: European Review of Labour and Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of management studies. The journal's editor-in-chief is Maria Jepsen (European Trade Union Institute). It was established in 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the European Trade Union Institute.
 Follower is a poem by Seamus Heaney released in his collection of 1966 Death of a Naturalist. The poem is about how he admired and followed his father.In this poem Heaney reflects and looks back almost nostalgically at an Irish farming through a description of his father's ploughing expertise. He vividly describes his memories of his father's abilities and explains to his readers his total uncompromising admiration for his father as the young boy he used to be.
 King of Kilba is a 1926 children's adventure novel by Percy F. Westerman.
 Medical Anthropology Quarterly (MAQ) is an international peer-reviewed academic journal published for the Society for Medical Anthropology by the American Anthropological Association. It publishes research and theory about human health and disease from all areas of medical anthropology.
 The Broken Jug (also sometimes translated The Broken Pitcher) (German: Der zerbrochne Krug) is a comedy written by the German playwright Heinrich von Kleist. Kleist first conceived the idea for the play in 1801 upon looking at a copper engraving in Heinrich Zschokke's house entitled Le juge ou la cruche cassée. In 1803 challenged over his ability to write comedy Kleist dictated the first three scenes of the play though it was not completed until 1806.
 No Talking is a children's novel written by Andrew Clements. It is about the noisy fifth grade boys of Laketon Elementary School who challenge the equally loud fifth-grade girls to a no talking contest. This competition turns out to be really hard.
 Kierkegaard Studies Yearbook is a peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy covering scholarly examination of Søren Kierkegaard's thought and edited by Heiko Schulz Jon Stewart and Karl Verstrynge. The journal publishes in English French and German. The journal was established in 1996 and is published by Walter de Gruyter on behalf of the International Kierkegaard Society.
 The Whole Story and Other Stories is a short story collection by Scottish Booker-shortlisted author Ali Smith first published in 2003 by Hamish Hamilton.It contains twelve stories :-The Universal Story : A man buys up every copy of The Great Gatsby in a second-hand bookshop.
 Spiral: The Bonds of Reasoning (スパイラル〜推理の絆 Spiral: Suiri no Kizuna) is a fifteen-volume shōnen mystery manga series written by Kyou Shirodaira and illustrated by Eita Mizuno. It was published by Enix and then Square Enix in Monthly Shōnen Gangan from February 2000 to October 2005 and collected in 15 bound volumes. The series focuses on Ayumu Narumi and his efforts to solve the mystery of the Blade Children cursed geniuses with cat-like eyes lacking a seventh rib bone.
 Africa Update is the quarterly newsletter of the African Studies Program at Central Connecticut State University.
 The Plain Dealer is the major daily newspaper of Cleveland Ohio United States. It has the largest circulation of any Ohio newspaper and was a top 20 newspaper for Sunday circulation in the United States as of March 2013.As of October 2013 The Plain Dealer had more than 537000 daily readers and 856000 readers on Sunday. The Plain Dealer's media market the Cleveland-Akron DMA (Designated Market Area) is one of the Top 20 markets in the United States.
 Greek Homosexuality is a 1978 book about homosexuality in ancient Greece by Kenneth Dover the first modern scholarly work on the subject. Dover uses archaic and classical archaeological and literary sources to discuss ancient Greek sexual behavior and attitudes. The book's major sections address the iconography of vase paintings the speeches in the law courts and the comedies of Aristophanes. Dover also devotes smaller sections to the content of other literary and philosophical source texts.
 The Classification of Pharmaco-Therapeutic Referrals (CPR) is a taxonomy focused to define and group together situations requiring a referral from pharmacists to physicians (and vice versa) regarding the pharmacotherapy used by the patients. It has been published in 2008.
 The Speed Traders An Insider’s Look at the New High-Frequency Trading Phenomenon That is Transforming the Investing World (ISBN 978-0-07-176828-3) is a book on high-frequency trading (HFT) authored by Edgar Perez and published by McGraw-Hill Inc. The author provides an introduction into the HFT phenomenon.
 Batman: Cacophony is the title of a three-issue comic book limited series starring Batman. The series was written by Kevin Smith with art by Walt Flanagan and ran from November 2008 through March 2009 due to delays with issue three. The comic chronicles Batman as he attempts to stop a turf war between the Joker and crime lord Maxie Zeus. Batman also encounters a new adversary Onomatopoeia.
 The Lawrence Journal-World is a daily newspaper published in Lawrence Kansas United States by The World Company.
 The Lady of the Shroud is a novella by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula) written in 1909.Rupert Saint Leger inherits his uncle's estate worth more than one million pounds on condition that he live for a year in his uncle's castle in the Land of the Blue Mountains on the Dalmatian coast.
 Carnets de Géologie (alternative title: Notebooks on Geology) is an electronic journal that publishes in the field of geosciences and particularly paleontology stratigraphy and sedimentology. The open-access journal is one of the founding members of the OA portal Geoscience e-Journals. Since 2007 it is published by the eponymic association Carnets de Géologie at the University of Western Brittany in Brest France.
 After the Funeral is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in March 1953 under the title of Funerals are Fatal and in UK by the Collins Crime Club on 18 May of the same year under Christie's original title. The US edition retailed at $2.50 and the UK edition at ten shillings and sixpence (10/6).A 1963 UK paperback issued by Fontana Books changed the title to Murder at the Gallop to tie in with the film version.
 JPG is a magazine launched in 2004 as a print-on-demand magazine by the husband and wife team Derek Powazek and Heather Powazek Champ. It is published 4 times a year by 8020 Publishing which focuses on photography. The content of JPG is user-created and submitted via the magazine's website. When photos are submitted to the website they are voted on by members of the site's community for inclusion in the next issue.
 The Anarchist Cookbook first published in 1971 is a book that contains instructions for the manufacture of explosives rudimentary telecommunications phreaking devices and other items. The book also includes instructions for home manufacturing of illicit drugs including LSD. It was written by William Powell at the apex of the counterculture era in order to protest United States involvement in the Vietnam War.
 Het Belang van Limburg (in English The Interest of Limburg) is a Belgian regional newspaper. The newspaper was founded in 1933 as a merger of a few weekly magazines.
 History and Class Consciousness: Studies in Marxist Dialectics (German: Geschichte und Klassenbewußtsein: Studien über marxistische Dialektik) is a 1923 book by the Hungarian philosopher György Lukács the work for which he is best known. Lukács re-emphasizes Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel's influence on Karl Marx analyses the concept of class consciousness and attempts a philosophical justification of Bolshevism.
 Whispering to Witches is British writer Anna Dale's first novel published in 2004 by Bloomsbury Publishing. It is a magical mystery adventure intended for youngsters age 8-12. It was publisher Bloomsbury's main title for autumn 2004 and was scheduled for distribution in the UK the United States Germany and other countries.The book is drawn from her 2001 Master's dissertation in writing for children.
 Thought and Action is a 1959 book by Stuart Hampshire his major work.
 Drums is a 2011 supernatural comic book limited series created by writer El Torres and artists Abe Hernando and Kwaichang Kraneo. The series was published by Image Comics between May 2011 to September 2011 and consisted of four issues. Drums follows FBI special agent Martin Irons as sinister forces work against him while he investigates the mass homicide of practitioners at a Voodoo ceremony in Florida.
 The Alchemy of Desire is a 2006 novel by Tarun Tejpal. It was shortlisted for the Prix Femina and won France's Le Prix Mille Pages for Best Foreign Literary Fiction.
 Nozoki Ana (ノゾキアナ lit: A Peep Hole) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Honna Wakou about two college students Tatsuhiko Kido and Ikuno Emiru who are neighbors in the same apartment complex and are connected together by a small peephole between their rooms. Nozoki Ana was serialized in Shogakukan's Moba Man mobile phone manga magazine/website and released in thirteen volume compilations between October 2009 and February 2013.
 Norte Grande Geography Journal or Revista de geografía Norte Grande is an academic journal published by the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. Its scope was initially confined to geography related topics of northern Chile. In 1980 it changed its name from Norte Grande to Revista de geografía Norte Grande reflecting a broadened scope to emcompass all of Chile extending to Latin American topics.
 Prometheus Rising is a book by Robert Anton Wilson first published in 1983.
 Psyche (German: Psyche zur Entwicklungsgeschichte der Seele) is an 1846 book by Carl Gustav Carus a physician and painter noted for his work on animal psychology and physiognomy.
 Passage of Arms (1959) by Eric Ambler is a fast-paced thriller about the discovery of a cache of arms abandoned by Communist insurgents in the Malayan jungle and the later transfer of the arms via Singapore to Indonesia. The novel is structured as a story within a story within a story. The outer framing story is that of Girija Krishnan the Tamil plantation clerk who finds the arms cache and sells it to raise money to fund his bus service company.
 Unchained and Unhinged is a limited edition book written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It contains both essays and fictional short stories. This book was published exclusively by Subterranean Press in 2009 and has since sold out.
 Croatian God Mars (Serbo-Croatian: Hrvatski bog Mars) is a collection of short stories mostly anti-war and social topics by Miroslav Krleža the greatest Croatian writer of the 20th century. A short story collection that depicted the exploitation of peasants and the miserable condition of the Croatian soldier. Hrvatski bog Mars proved to be his most notable short story collection.It was first released in year 1922 then again in 1933 and in its final form in 1947.
 Drifters (ドリフターズ Dorifutazu) is a fantasy alternate history Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kouta Hirano. The manga started serialization in Shōnen Gahosha's magazine Young King Ours on April 30 2009. It centers on various historical figures summoned to an unknown world where their skills and techniques are needed by magicians in order to save their worlds from total destruction.
 Bizarre is a British alternative magazine published from 1997 to the present. It is published by Dennis Publishing and is a sister publication to the Fortean Times.[citation needed]
 The Juneau Empire is a newspaper in Juneau Alaska United States.It was founded on November 2 1912 as the Alaska Daily Empire. In 1969 Morris Communications bought the newspaper. Mark Bryan was appointed publisher in 2009.The Juneau Empire publishes Monday through Friday and on Sundays. There is no Saturday edition.
 My Driver is a novel by English author Maggie Gee and is the sequel to My Cleaner.
 Betrayed is the second novel of the House of Night fantasy series written by American authors P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast. The book was released on October 2 2007 by St. Martin's Press an extension of Macmillan Publishers. Since it has been translated in more than 20 other languages including Chinese Portuguese and Romanian.
 The Journal of Chemical Education is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal available in both print and electronic versions. It is published by the Division of Chemical Education of the American Chemical Society and was established in 1924. The journal covers research on chemical education.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.817.
 This article is about the version first published in print in 1961. For the more well known version first published in 1883 see Alaungpaya Ayedawbon.Alaung Mintayagyi Ayedawbon (Burmese: အလောင်း မင်းတရားကြီး အရေးတော်ပုံ also known as Alaungpaya Ayedawbon (Burmese: အလောင်းဘုရား အရေးတော်ပုံ) is one of two biographic chronicles of King Alaungpaya of Konbaung Dynasty.
 Environmental Values started as a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal closely associated with the ecological economics movement but also firmly based in applied ethics. Subjects covered are philosophy economics politics sociology geography anthropology ecology and other disciplines which relate to the present and future environment of human beings and other species. The journal was established in 1992 and edited by Alan Holland until 2007 when Clive L.
 Island of the Sequined Love Nun (ISBN 0-06-073544-9) is the fourth novel by absurdist author Christopher Moore published in 1997. It is based partly on the author's personal experiences in Micronesia.
 The Stain is a 1984 novel of sexuality and religion by Rikki Ducornet set in France's Loire Valley in the nineteenth century. It was Ducornet's first published novel; she has described it as being about the Christian idea of sin.
 Newcity is an independent free weekly newspaper in Chicago that specializes in music stage film and art and is notable for launching the careers of numerous cartoonists and writers and art critics. The publication was described by the Chicago Tribune as sophisticated and as an alternative weekly which was a niche publication in the digital space in 2005. Its circulation within Chicago is about 70000.
 The Record is a daily newspaper based in Stockton California and serving San Joaquin and Calaveras counties. It is owned by Local Media Group.
 Mahō no Iroha! (魔法のいろは! lit. Magic Iroha!) is a manga series by Kazurou Inoue.
 Harper’s Bazaar is an American women's fashion magazine first published in 1867. Harper’s Bazaar is published by Hearst and as a magazine considers itself to be the style resource for women who are the first to buy the best from casual to couture.Aimed at members of the upper-middle and upper classes Bazaar assembles photographers artists designers and writers to deliver a sophisticated perspective into the world of fashion beauty and popular culture on a monthly basis.
 Five Quarters of the Orange is a novel by Joanne Harris first published by Doubleday in 2001. Although featuring different characters it is the third novel in the loosely-termed food trilogy that also includes Chocolat and Blackberry Wine.Five Quarters of the Orange includes two time lines alternating throughout the novel.
 The Demi-Virgin is a play written by Avery Hopwood. Producer A. H. Woods staged it on Broadway where it was a hit during the 1921-22 season. The play is a sex farce and was considered very risqué at the time. Reviewers generally panned it and local authorities attempted to censor it. The Broadway production resulted in obscenity charges being brought against Woods although a grand jury declined to indict him.
 The Technique also known as the 'Nique is the official student newspaper of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta Georgia and has referred to itself as the South's liveliest college newspaper since 1945. As of the Fall semester of 2011 the Technique has a weekly circulation of 10000 distributed to numerous locations on the Georgia Tech campus and a handful of locations in the surrounding area.
 The Amityville Curse is a prequel to The Amityville Horror written by Hans Holzer. A film adaption titled The Amityville Curse was released direct-to-video in 1990.
 Schott's Miscellanies are a set of best-selling books by Ben Schott. They consist of a collection of trivia generally centred on the culture of the United Kingdom (and to a lesser extent the rest of the European Union and the Commonwealth). Bloomsbury published the first book in 2002 to widespread acclaim. The books are as follows: Schott's Original Miscellany Schott's Food & Drink Miscellany Schott's Sporting Gaming & Idling Miscellany and Schott's Quintessential Miscellany.
 Dochmiac (Ancient Greek: δοχμιακός from δόχμιος 'pertaining to a δοχμή or hand's-breath') is a poetic meter that is characteristically used in Greek tragedy expressing extreme agitation or distress. There are examples in satyric drama and Aristophanes but these are often paratragic in tone and impassioned.
 Negiho (ネギほ) also known as Mahora Little Girls is a one volume spin-off manga from Negima created by Ken Akamatsu and made into a manga by Yui. The manga originally ran in the magazine Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine from September 2010 to November 2011. The name Negiho or Negiho (Ito) Bun derives its name from the word negi the Japanese word for spring (green) onion.
 Sputnik Caledonia (2008) is a novel by Andrew Crumey for which he won the Northern Rock Foundation Writer’s Award. It depicts a Scottish boy who longs to be a spaceman is transported to a parallel communist Scotland where he takes part in a space mission to a black hole and returns to the real world in middle age possibly as a ghost.
 Lilies In December is the sole novel and debut work of 19th century literature author and playwright Agustus Montrose. He was inspired by travels to Ireland during the Great Famine. It is widely recognized as one of the best psychological realism novels of the era. It has been praised for its character depth and plot. Published in 1856 it is considered Montrose's greatest work. It is especially popular today in Europe specifically in Poland and Belgium.
 The Encyclopaedia Sinica is a 1917 English-language encyclopedia on China and China-related subjects edited by English missionary Samuel Couling. It covers a range of topics and provides insight on early 20th century perspectives towards China. Commentators report that the work is still useful at the turn of the 21st century particularly to aid the understanding of the relationship between China and the United Kingdom.
 Kamakhya A Socio-Cultural Study is a comprehensive book on the Kamakhya temple complex in Guwahati Assam. The book is authored by Nihar Ranjan Mishra and published by D. K. Printworld Pvt Ltd in 2004. The book makes a detailed study of the temple rituals festivals and personnel and socio-cultural life and includes an account on spread of Saktism in the region.
 Nordstjernan (in English The North Star) is a mostly English-language newspaper for Swedish Americans and Swedes in the USA. It has been published since 1872 and contains news summaries trends and columnists from Sweden but also covers traditions trivia seasonal recipes and reports on Swedish community activities from all over the USA. The publisher is Swedish News Inc.
 Homo Sol is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov that was first published in the September 1940 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. It deals with the proposed acceptance into a galactic federation of hominid civilizations of the hominids of newly discovered Earth.
 The Save Jersey Blog is a conservative political blog focusing on New Jersey and national politics.
 Database: The Journal of Biological Databases and Curation is an online peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that covers research on databases and biocuration. The journal was established in 2009 with David Landsman as the editor-in-chief.
 Dungeonscape is a supplement for the 3.5 edition of Dungeons & Dragons.
 The Slave-girl from Jerusalem is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence. The novel the thirteenth in the Roman Mysteries series was published in 2007. It is set in December AD 80 in and around Ostia and deals with death slavery and the Roman legal system.
 Social Service Review is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press which covers social welfare policy and practice and its effects. It was established in 1927 and the editor-in-chief is Susan J. Lambert (University of Chicago).
 The Polish Journal of Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes original articles reviews and other items to promote continuing philosophical scholarship in Poland. It is published in English. Notable contributors include Peter Baumann Arkadiusz Chrudzimski Susan Haack Dale Jacquette Stephen Palmquist Roberto Poli Władysław Stróżewski and Jan Woleński.
 A Single Man is a 1964 novel by Christopher Isherwood.Set in Southern California during 1962 it depicts one day in the life of George a middle-aged Englishman who is a professor at a Los Angeles university. The university in actuality is CSULA where Christopher Isherwood was a professor for some time. In 2009 fashion designer Tom Ford directed a film adaptation of the novel with additions made to the original plot (such as the protagonist's impending suicide).
 Tempted is the sixth volume of the House of Night fantasy series written by American P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast. It was published in October 23 2009 by St. Martin's Press an extension of Macmillan Publishers. By February 2010 according to Publishers Weekly in had already sold 1.1 million copies. The book has been translated in more than 20 different languages[citation needed].Zoey has finally banished Neferet and Kalona but he still haunts her dreams.
 Bloody Monday (ブラッディ・マンデイ Buraddi Mandei) is a Japanese manga series written by Ryumon Ryo and illustrated by Megumi Koji. The series had been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine by Kodansha from April 2007 to May 2009 with individual chapters collected into eleven tankōbon volume as of May 15 2009 and a total of 96 chapters altogether. The manga has also been adapted into a drama series which aired on October 11 2008 starring Haruma Miura.
 This Cake Is for the Party is a collection of short stories by Canadian author Sarah Selecky published by Thomas Allen & Son Limited. It was shortlisted for the 2010 Scotiabank Giller Prize.
 Crown of Shadows is a Fantasy novel by C.S. Friedman first published in 1995.
 The Orchard of Lost Souls is a 2013 novel by the Somali-British author Nadifa Mohamed. It is set in Somalia on the eve of the civil war. Her second book it was published by Simon & Schuster.
 American Grown: The Story of the White House Kitchen Garden and Gardens Across America is a book by First Lady of the United States Michelle Obama published in 2012. The book promotes healthy eating and documents the White House Kitchen Garden through the seasons. The garden planted in 2009 on the White House's South Lawn was instrumental in the First Lady's Let's Move! initiative to end childhood obesity.
 Putnam's Monthly Magazine of American Literature Science and Art was a monthly periodical published by G. P. Putnam's Sons featuring American literature and articles on science art and politics. It had three incarnations: first edited by Charles Frederick Briggs from January 1853 to September 1857 (whereupon it merged with Emerson's United States Magazine); then edited by C. F.
 Nietzsche and Philosophy (French: Nietzsche et la philosophie) is a 1962 book about Friedrich Nietzsche by philosopher Gilles Deleuze. Its publication marked a significant turning-point in French philosophy which had previously given little consideration to Nietzsche as a serious philosopher. Nietzsche and Philosophy was the first French study of Nietzsche to treat him as a systematically coherent philosopher.
 Shrugged is a comic series published by Aspen MLT publishers of Soulfire and Fathom. It was written by Aspen founder Michael Turner. It was also contributed by then vice president Frank Mastromauro and drawn by Aspen artist Micah Gunnell.
 And Every Day Was Overcast is a photo-illustrated novel by American author Paul Kwiatkowski published on October 15 2013 by Black Balloon Publishing. It has been praised by Ira Glass as a mix of this clean spare unaffected prose about growing up near the swamps of South Florida — plus these incredible photos ....
 Lunatic is the fifth book in the Lost Books series written by Ted Dekker. It is set at the beginning of White from Dekker's Circle Trilogy. It along with the sixth book Elyon was released on June 2 2009.
 History of Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of history and philosophy of science. The editor-in-chief is Iwan Rhys Morus (Aberystwyth University). It was established in 1962 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Sophie's World (Norwegian: Sofies verden) is a 1991 novel written by Norwegian writer Jostein Gaarder. It follows the events of Sophie Amundsen a teenage girl living in Norway and Alberto Knox a middle aged philosopher who introduces her to philosophical thinking and the history of philosophy.Sophie's World won the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis in 1994. It was originally written in Norwegian and became a best seller in Norway.
 Breaking and Entering is a crime novel by H.R.F. Keating. It is the twenty-fourth novel in the Inspector Ghote series.
 Peril at End House is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the US by the Dodd Mead and Company in February 1932 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in March of the same year. The US edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6).The book features her famous character Hercule Poirot as well as Arthur Hastings and Chief Inspector Japp and was the seventh book featuring Poirot.
 Moldova was a semimonthly newspaper published in Bârlad Romania.
 The Room is the second novel by Hubert Selby Jr. first published in 1971.
 Cannon Busters is an American fantasy comic book series by LeSean Thomas launched in March 2005.
 Stanstead Journal is an English Weekly newspaper published since 1845 in Stanstead Quebec .It is the oldest Weekly newspaper in Quebec.
 The Final Reckoning is the third novel in the Deptford Mice Trilogy by Robin Jarvis (first published in 1990).
 Club 9 (Heba! Heroo-Chan! Miss Hello) is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by Makoto Kobayashi. The 5-volume series was published by Kodansha between April 1992 and February 1994. It was licensed in the USA by Dark Horse Comics. It has 42 chapters. The series is currently out of print and the company has no plans to renew the license or reprint the series.
 A Short History of Chinese Philosophy (simplified Chinese: 中国哲学简史; traditional Chinese: 中國哲學簡史; pinyin: Zhōngguó zhéxué jiǎnshǐ) is a book by Feng Youlan written in 1948. It is a short version of his classic 1934 book A History of Chinese Philosophy.
 The Journal of Medieval History is a major international academic journal devoted to all aspects of the history of Europe in the Middle Ages.Each issue contains 4 or 5 original articles on European history including the British Isles North Africa and the Middle East in the time period between the Fall of Rome and the Renaissance.All articles are peer reviewed by at least two referees. The journal's editorial board includes academics from multiple countries.
 Magik was a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 1983–1984 starring the fictional characters Magik and Storm. It was written by Chris Claremont and illustrated by John Buscema Ron Frenz Sal Buscema and Tom Palmer.
 The Day My Bum Went Psycho (known in North America as The Day My Butt Went Psycho) is a novel by Australian children's author Andy Griffiths.The book focuses on a boy called Zack Freeman who has to seek the help of some bum-hunters to catch his bum after he learns it is actually the leader of a band of rogue bums determined to control the world. It is illustrated by Nicole Arroyo who also illustrated some of Andy Griffiths' other books including the Just! series.
 The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science was published in November 1909 in New York by Doubleday Page & Company.
 The World of Lily Wong was a comic strip by Larry Feign (an American-born Hong Kong resident) which began in 1986 running until 2001.
 Snugglepot and Cuddlepie is a series of books written by Australian author May Gibbs. The books chronicle the adventures of the eponymous Snugglepot and Cuddlepie. The central story arc concerns Snugglepot and Cuddlepie (who are essentially homunculi) and their adventures along with troubles with the villains of the story the “Banksia Men”. The first book of the series Tales of Snugglepot and Cuddlepie: their adventures wonderful was published in 1918.
 Ancient Shores published in 1996 is a science fiction novel written by Jack McDevitt. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1997.
 Aoto Zōshi Hana no Nishiki-e (青砥稿花紅彩画) as the original and fullest version of this play is known is a tale in five acts of the shiranamimono (tales of thieves) sub-category of the kizewamono (rough contemporary piece) genre of kabuki plays. Written by Kawatake Mokuami it first premiered at the Ichimura-za in Edo in March 1862.The play is frequently known by a number of other names.
 Rock N Roll Experience Magazine is a Maryland based publication that started out in 1992 as a print zine & switched over to an online zine in 2000. Rock N Roll Experience is devoted to music and popular culture and is updated daily with reviews and interviews.
 Ramble Underground is an online literary magazine of fiction created in 2005 and edited by Joseph Thomas Jonathan Feingold and Susan Christopher. The journal is released on a quarterly basis typically on the 21st day of March June September and December.
 Nothing But Blue Skies is a humorous fantasy novel by English author Tom Holt. It was first published in the UK by Orbit Books in 2001.
 Child and Adolescent Mental Health is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association for Child and Adolescent Mental Health. The journal was established in 1996 and covers research on child and adolescent mental health encompassing the fields of psychiatry psychology and psychotherapy.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.635.
 Against the Empire is the eighth book in the series The Last of the Jedi.
 Body Alchemy: Transsexual Portraits (1996) is a book collecting photographs and writing of Loren Cameron. It documents the process of transition and everyday lives of the author and other transmen.
 Punisher retitled Franken-Castle from issue #17 on is a Marvel Comics comic book series featuring the character Frank Castle also known as the Punisher. Spinning out of the second Punisher War Journal series by writer Matt Fraction this volume of Punisher places the character firmly in the ongoing Marvel Universe inhabited by superheroes such as the Avengers and Spider-Man and super-villains such as Doctor Doom and the Masters of Evil.
 Echo des Ostens ('Echo of the East') was a newspaper published daily from Königsberg. It was the organ of the East Prussia district organization (bezirk) of the Communist Party of Germany 1922-1933. Echo des Ostens replaced an earlier Köningsberg party publication Die rote Fahne des Ostens. The young Martin Hoffmann was the editor of Echo des Ostens until 1926. As of 1930 it had an estimated circulation of 22800.
 Unravelled Knots by Baroness Orczy author of the famous Scarlet Pimpernel series contains thirteen short stories about the Old Man in the Corner Orzy's armchair detective who solves crimes for his own entertainment.
 Fritz Leiber's Lankhmar: The New Adventures of Fafhrd and Gray Mouser is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Echo de Varsovie ('Echo of Warsaw') was a French language biweekly newspaper published from Warsaw. The newspaper was founded in 1930. As of 1937 its director was Lucien Roquigny.
 The Journal of Neuroscience Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of neuroscience. It was established in 1975 and is published by Wiley-Liss. Yhe editor-in-chief is Jean de Vellis (University of California Los Angeles). The journal publishes full-length papers mini-reviews and commentaries.
 La liberté pour Rêver and La liberté pour parler are essays written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as Freedom to Dream and Freedom to Speak and published by World Literature Today .
 Le Courrier français was a French monthly journal that appeared from March 1948 to June 1950. It was published by royalist supporters of Henri Count of Paris (1908-1999).In successive years it took the names Le Courrier 48 Le Courrier 49 and Le Courrier 50.The monarchist paper Ici France was launched in October 1946.
 Captain Underpants and the Terrifying Re-Turn of Tippy Tinkletrousers is a 2012 American children's novel and the ninth book in the Captain Underpants series by Dav Pilkey. This book explains how Tippy Tinkletrousers arrived at the end of the eighth book as well as a prequel story of George and Harold in kindergarten explaining how their friendship began and setting the page for their life before Captain Underpants.
 Riot is an historical novel based upon the Pressed Steel Car Strike of 1909 by William Trautmann a founder of the United States Industrial Workers of the World (IWW).
 Water Sleeps is the eighth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series The Black Company. The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit The Black Company through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred year history.
 Crustaceana is a peer-reviewed scientific journal specialising in carcinology. It was established in 1960 and is published monthly by Brill Publishers. The journal is abstracted and indexed by BIOSIS Previews the Science Citation Index The Zoological Record and GeoRef. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.464.
 Ultimate Comics: New Ultimates is a comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics that began in March 2010 as part of Marvel's Ultimate Comics imprint. The series was written by Jeph Loeb writer of Ultimates 3 and Ultimatum. Members of the New Ultimates include Captain America Thor Valkerie Hawkeye Black Panther Shanna Ka-Zar and Princess Zarda.
 The Journal of Cardiac Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal about cardiology and surgery that was established in 1986.
 Map of the Invisible World is the second novel by Tash Aw and was released in 2009. It is about two brothers Adam and Johan who were abandoned by their mother as children and later separated when they were adopted by different families in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Kamen no Maid Guy (仮面のメイドガイ) is a comedy manga series written and illustrated by Maruboro Akai. The manga started serialization in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age in 2004.An anime adaptation directed by Masayuki Sakoi and animated by Madhouse aired between April and June 2008.
 Gideon's Spies: The Secret History of the Mossad is a 1999 book by Welsh author Gordon Thomas on the Mossad the Israeli intelligence service. In the book the author claimed that—eight months before Kenneth Starr had ever heard of Monica Lewinsky— the Israelis had about thirty hours of recorded tapes of President Bill Clinton talking intimately with her.
 Death of a Ladies' Man is the third novel by Scottish writer Alan Bissett released on July 23 2009. Set within the city of Glasgow the novel follows divorcee teacher Charlie Bain's journey into hedonism and sex addiction. Bissett describes Death of a Ladies' Man as a cautionary tale for women written by a man who is trying to say: 'Look this is why we are the way we are.
 The Sports Lawyers Journal is a law journal edited by Tulane University Law School students and published by the Sports Lawyers Association (SLA). The Journal is annually distributed to over 1000 lawyers professors law students and other readers. It bills itself as the most widely read legal sports journal in the country. The Journal primarily seeks to publish student-written articles.
 Vanidades (Spanish for Vanities) is one of the most popular Spanish language women's magazines. Published by Editorial Televisa across the United States and Hispanic America it was launched in Cuba in 1931 as a humor magazine but eventually became a women's magazine in the early 1940s. When Fidel Castro took the power Vanidades' headquarters moved to Miami from Havana.
 Ray Gun was an American alternative rock-and-roll magazine first published in 1992 in Santa Monica California. Led by founding art director David Carson Ray Gun explored experimental magazine typographic design. The result was a chaotic abstract style not always readable but distinctive in appearance.
 Luminătorul (English: The Illuminator) is a periodical of the Metropolis of Bessarabia in Chişinău.
 Insight on the News (also called just Insight) was an American conservative print and online news magazine. It was owned by News World Communications an international media conglomerate then owned by the Unification Church which owned The Washington Times and now owns United Press International and newspapers in Japan South Korea Africa and South America. Insight's reporting often resulted in journalistic controversy.
 Faust (ファウスト Fausuto) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that was published as a book in 1950.
 The Chariton Review is an American literary magazine based at Truman State University in Kirksville Missouri. The journal was founded in 1975 by Andrew Grossbart.
 Darkfever is the first novel in the Fever Series written by #1 New York Times Best Selling American author Karen Marie Moning. The book was published in November 2006 by Delacorte Press. Darkfever fits into the Fantasy and Romance genres. The novel tells the story of the main characters journey into the supernatural world of fairies after she travels across the world to find her sisters murderer. The story is set in Dublin Ireland and involves Celtic mythology.
 Cell Communication & Adhesion is an academic journal that publishes review articles on intercellular communication intercellular junctions and families of adhesion receptors and counter receptors from diverse biological systems. It is published by Informa Healthcare.
 Pattern Recognition is a novel by science fiction writer William Gibson published in 2003. Set in August and September 2002 the story follows Cayce Pollard a 32-year-old marketing consultant who has a psychological sensitivity to corporate symbols.
 Built for Trouble by American novelist Al Fray was published in 1958 as a Dell (paperback) First Edition.
 Festivals is a 1973 anthology of festival-related folklore from around the world that have been compiled by Ruth Manning-Sanders. According the book's dust jacket This potpourri of festivals reveals fascinating customs and celebrations from many countries of the world.
 Yellowfang's Secret is a children's fantasy novel written by Cherith Baldry under the pseudonym Erin Hunter. It is the fifth Super Edition in the Warriors novel series. Yellowfang's Secret was first released in hardcover on 9 October 2012.Yellowfang's Secret follows Yellowfang the former ShadowClan and ThunderClan medicine cat during her early life in ShadowClan. Yellowfang trains as an apprentice but realizes that she is better suited as a medicine cat and begins her new life.
 Daikaiju! Giant Monster Tales is a 2005 speculative fiction anthology edited by Robert Hood and Robin Pen.
 Wizardology: The Book of the Secrets of Merlin is a book created and published by The Templar Company plc in the UK and published by Candlewick Press in America in 2005. The book is marketed as having been written by Merlin and is the third book in the 'Ology series.Wizardology is filled with useful spells and magical information.
 The New Journal of Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research and review articles on all aspects of chemistry. It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) on behalf of the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS). It was previously called Nouveau Journal de Chimie. The editors-in-chief are Denise Parent (CNRS) and Sarah Ruthven (RSC). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.966.
 The International Journal of Hindu Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It covers all aspects of Hindu studies. The editor-in-chief is Sushil Mittal (James Madison University). The journal was established in 1997 and appears triannually (except from 2003-2005 when it was published once per year and 2010 when only two issues appeared).
 Citizens: A Chronicle of the French Revolution is a book by the historian Simon Schama. It was published in 1989 the bicentenary of the French Revolution and like many other works in that year was highly critical of its legacy. The terror declared Schama in the book was merely 1789 with a higher body count; violence ... was not just an unfortunate side effect ... it was the Revolution's source of collective energy.
 The Fall (French: La Chute) is a philosophical novel written by Albert Camus. First published in 1956 it is his last complete work of fiction. Set in Amsterdam The Fall consists of a series of dramatic monologues by the self-proclaimed judge-penitent Jean-Baptiste Clamence as he reflects upon his life to a stranger.
 Archiv für Rechts- und Sozialphilosophie (English: Archives for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy publishing in German and English. It is the official journal of the Internationale Vereinigung für Rechts- und Sozialphilosophie. The journal is indexed in the Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals and was ranked B on the European Science Foundation's ERIH list.
 Grantville Gazette II is the third collaborative anthology published in print set in the 1632-verse shared universe in what is best regarded as a canonical sub-series of the popular alternate history that began with the February 2000 publication of the hardcover novel 1632 by author-historian Eric Flint. Baen Books and Flint decline the distinction counting this book as the sixth published work.
 The Hot Zone: A Terrifying True Story is a best-selling 1994 non-fiction thriller by Richard Preston about the origins and incidents involving viral hemorrhagic fevers particularly ebolaviruses and marburgviruses. The basis of the book was Preston's 1992 New Yorker article Crisis in the Hot Zone.The filoviruses Ebola virus (EBOV) Sudan virus (SUDV) Marburg virus (MARV) and Ravn virus (RAVV) are Biosafety Level 4 agents.
 National Lampoon's Animal House Book was an American humor book that was published in 1978 by National Lampoon magazine. The book was an illustrated novel based on the hit movie National Lampoon's Animal House. The cover illustration was the illustration for the movie poster which was by Rick Meyerowitz. The novel was put together by Chris Miller and it was published by Twenty First Century Publications Book Division.The book was re-issued in 2007.
 A Life of Contrasts is an international bestseller by Diana Mitford (sister of novelist Nancy Mitford journalist Jessica Mitford and memoirist Deborah Duchess of Devonshire) that was first published by Hamish Hamilton in 1977. She later released a revised edition of the book that was published in 2002 by Gibson Square.
 Asylums: Essays on the Social Situation of Mental Patients and Other Inmates is a 1961 book by sociologist Erving Goffman. Asylums was a key text in the development of deinstitutionalization. The book is one of the first sociological examinations of the social situation of mental patients the hospital.
 Black Belt is an American magazine covering martial arts and combat sports. It is one of the oldest titles dedicated to martial arts in the United States.The magazine was founded in 1961 by Mitoshi Uyehara. It was published Uyehara under the company Black Belt Inc. based in Los Angeles until 1973.Bruce Lee contributed many articles to the publication during the 1960s.
 The Washington Times is a daily broadsheet published in Washington D.C. It was founded in 1982 by the founder of the Unification Church Sun Myung Moon and until 2010 was owned by News World Communications an international media conglomerate associated with the church.
 Contemporary Nepali literature (Hindi: समकालीन नेपाली साहित्य) is a Book of critical writings based on the Nepali literature.This is a analytical book related Nepali literature edited by Ravindra Prabhat
 Magical Beginnings is an anthology of fantasy short stories edited by Steven H. Silver and Martin H. Greenberg first published in paperback by DAW Books in February 2003. It is a compilation of the first published stories of sixteen prominent authors in the genre and features introductions to the stories provided (in most instances) by the authors of those stories.
 When Jonathan Died is a novel by Tony Duvert translated by D.R. Roberts. It was first published in France as Quand Mourut Jonathan in 1978.
 The Biographies of Exemplary Women (Chinese: 列女傳; pinyin: Liènǚ Zhuàn) is a book compiled by the Han Dynasty scholar Liu Xiang circa 18 BC. It includes 125 biographical accounts of exemplary women in ancient China taken from early Chinese histories including Chun Qiu Zuo Zhuan and the Records of the Grand Historian. The book served as a standard Confucianist textbook for the moral education of women in traditional China for two millennia.
 Language Sciences is a peer-reviewed journal published six times a year by Elsevier. The editor is Nigel Love of the University of Cape Town.
 Motorcycle Consumer News (MCN) is a monthly periodical offering reviews of motorcycles and other information such as motorcycle safety techniques.
 The Beginner's Guide to Computers is a book about microcomputers and general computing. It was published in 1982 as an accompaniment to the BBC Computer Literacy Project and The Computer Programme.Its content covers the basics of the history of computing programming languages debugging logic programming semiconductor memory printing ADCs/DACs flowcharts as well as some technologies only found in Britain (such as Prestel Ceefax ORACLE).
 Iron Empires is a comic series written and painted by the American artist Christopher Moeller. It is in two parts: Shadow Empires: Faith Conquers first published as a limited series by Dark Horse in 1994 and Sheva's War published by Helix in 1998.Dark Horse reissued the comics as graphic novels in 2004 under the titles Iron Empires Volume 1: Faith Conquers and Iron Empires Volume 2: Sheva's War.
 The Web of Indian Life (1904) is a book written by Sister Nivedita. This book is a collection of essays and created a sensation when it was first published. The introduction of the book was written by Rabindranath Tagore.
 The Palace of Love (1967) is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack Vance the third in his Demon Princes series.
 Next magazine (Chinese: 壹週刊; Pinyin: Yī zhōu kān; IPA in Cantonese: /jʌt7 dzʌl1 hɔːn2/) is a Chinese weekly magazine published in Hong Kong and Taiwan with different versions. Owned by Jimmy Lai (黎智英) both magazines are the number one news magazines in both markets in terms of audited circulation and AC Nielsen reports. The magazines are also two of the most controversial magazines in the region.
 Drugs & Aging is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Adis International (Springer Science + Business Media). It contains primarily review articles covering optimum use of drug therapies in older adults.
 The Life of William Blake “Pictor Ignotus.” With selections from his poems and other writings is a two volume work on the English painter and poet William Blake first published in 1863. The first volume is a biography and the second a compilation of Blake's poetry prose artwork and illustrated manuscript.The book was largely written by Alexander Gilchrist who had spent many years compiling the material and interviewing Blake's surviving friends.
 War of the Worlds: New Millennium is a science fiction novel by Douglas Niles released in 2005 by Tor Books.After the most recent unmanned mission to Mars inexplicably fails interest in the Red Planet is still high. The whole world watches as a bright spot of light appears daily on the Martian surface. As they continue theories abound about what is causing it.
 Maris the Chojo (ザ・超女 Za Sūpāgyaru) literally translated as The Supergal and originally titled Supergal in U.S. markets is a one shot manga story by Rumiko Takahashi. It ran in the October 1980 special edition of Shōnen Sunday and was later made into an anime OVA. The manga was later compiled in The Rumic World Trilogy books which are available in English from Viz Media.
 Jawbreaker: The Attack on Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda: A Personal Account by the CIA's Key Field Commander (2005) is an autobiographical book by CIA agent Gary Berntsen describing the time he spent in Afghanistan at the beginning of the American campaign against the Taliban al-Qaeda and Osama bin Laden after the September 11 2001 attacks.In his acknowledgements Berntsen describes that his original manuscript was reviewed by the CIA as per agency guidelines that stipulate all publishable works detailing an agent's career must be reviewed by the CIA's Publications Review Board (PRB). 
 The Primal Urge is a 1961 science fiction novel by Brian Aldiss. A satire on sexual reserve it explores the effects on society of a forehead-mounted Emotion Register that glows when the wearer experiences sexual attraction.The book was banned in Ireland.
 Hard Lessons is a 1988 nonfiction book by Michael Leahy.
 The Journal of Automata Languages and Combinatorics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of computer science edited by Jürgen Dassow. It was established in 1965 as the Journal of Information Processing and Cybernetics/Elektronische Informationsverarbeitung und Kybernetik and obtained its current title in 1996 with volume numbering reset to 1.
 Al Sahwa (The Awakening in English) is an Arabic weekly newspaper published in Sana'a Yemen.
 La Democracia founded on 1 July 1890 was a news daily published by Luis Muñoz Rivera in Ponce Puerto Rico. It crusaded for Puerto Rican self-government.
 Meg: Hell's Aquarium is a 2009 science fiction novel by author Steve Alten.[1] The book continues the adventures of Jonas Taylor a paleontologist studying the Megalodon.
 Tikkun is a quarterly interfaith Jewish Left-progressive magazine published in the United States that analyzes American and Israeli culture politics religion and history in English language. The magazine has consistently published the work of Israeli and Palestinian left-wing intellectuals but also included book and music reviews personal essays and poetry.
 Prochownik's Dream is a 2005 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller. In this new novel the double Miles Franklin winner dramatises the dichotomy within an artist as he negotiates the creative life.' - Jane Sullivan 'The Age'. [1]
 Derrida Today is a biannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press in May and November of each year devoted to the works of French philosopher Jacques Derrida (1930-2004). The aim of Derrida Today is to see Derrida's work in its broadest possible context and to argue for its keen and enduring relevance to our present intellectual cultural and political situations.
 The Chinese Agent (1970) is a comic novel by Michael Moorcock. It is a revision of Somewhere in the Night which Moorcock published in 1966 under the pseudonym Bill Barclay. Although Moorcock is best known as the author of fantasy fiction and science fiction-based parables such as Behold the Man and The Dancers at the End of Time here he writes a light-hearted caper that parodies the spy novel genre.
 Culture Crash was a bi-monthly Filipino comic magazine published by Culture Crash Comics and J. C. Palabay Ent. Inc. It features different stories of anime-styled comics drawn by their staff these include Cat's Trail Pasig Solstice Butterfly One Day Isang Diwa and Kubori Kikiam. Aside from these series the magazine also includes articles such as Movie Reviews Music Reviews Special Events and How We Draw which shows the staff's techniques on how they draw comics.
 General Winston's Daughter is a fantasy novel by Sharon Shinn. The novel was written in 2007.
 Second Nature: A Gardener's Education was Michael Pollan's first book. It is a collection of essays about gardening arranged by seasons.It is listed in the American Horticultural Society's 75 Great American Garden Books.
 Cave and Shadows is a 1983 whodunit and Martial Law era “metaphysical” thriller novel written by Philippine National Artist Nick Joaquin. The setting of the novel is during Ferdinand Marcos’s martial law in the Philippines including the time in Manila when activism was alive and demonstrations were frequent before August 1972 (described as Joaquin’s “‘objective correlative’ to the Crisis of ’72”) before the declaration of martial rule.
 The Assistant (1957) is Bernard Malamud's second novel.
 Arnie the Doughnut is the third book by American children's author and illustrator Laurie Keller. Released in 2003 by Henry Holt Books for Young Readers it is the story of a doughnut named Arnie who attempts to avoid his fate after being purchased by Mr. Bing.The book was a choice of the Children's Book of the Month Club. The story was also released on DVD narrated by Michael McKean.[citation needed]
 NMR in Biomedicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published since 1988 by John Wiley & Sons. It publishes original full-length papers rapid communications and review articles in which magnetic resonance spectroscopy or imaging methods are used to investigate physiological biochemical biophysical or medical problems. The current editor-in-chief is John R. Griffiths (Cancer Research UK).
 The IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Computer Society. It was established in March 1975 and covers the area of software engineering. It is considered the leading journal in this field. The current editor-in-chief is Bashar Nuseibeh (The Open University).
 A Guide for the Perplexed is a short book by E. F. Schumacher published in 1977. The title is a reference to Maimonides's The Guide for the Perplexed. Schumacher himself considered A Guide for the Perplexed to be his most important achievement although he was better known for his 1974 environmental economics bestseller Small Is Beautiful which made him a leading figure within the ecology movement.
 Sri Sri Ramakrishna Kathamrita (Bengali: শ্রীশ্রীরামকৃষ্ণ-কথামৃত Śrī-Śrī-Rāmakṛṣṇa-Kathāmṛta “The Nectar of Sri Ramakrishna's Words”) is a Bengali five-volume work by Mahendranath Gupta (1854–1932) which recounts conversations and activities of the 19th century Indian mystic Ramakrishna and published consecutively in years 1902 1904 1908 1910 and 1932. The Kathamrita is a regarded as a Bengali classic and revered among the followers as a sacred scripture.
 The Lai de l'Oiselet (The Lai of the Little Bird) is an Old French poem preserved in five manuscripts dating from the 13th and 14th centuries now held by the Bibliothèque Nationale Paris.
 Tamagotchi! (たまごっち!) is an anime series by Jouji Shimura that airs on TV Tokyo 7pm Mondays. It is the second Tamagotchi animated series to air in Japan the main theme is friendship and bonding. The anime is based on the handheld digital pet Tamagotchi. But from the anime series it is mostly based a newer version of Tamagotchi the Tamagotchi iD and Tamagotchi iD L a colored screen Tamagotchi pets based around friendship.
 King Kelson's Bride is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ace Books in 2000. It was the thirteenth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the only novel in the series that was not part of a trilogy. In terms of the series' internal literary chronology King Kelson's Bride directly follows the events of the third Deryni trilogy the Histories of King Kelson.
 Getting It (2006) is a novel by Alex Sanchez focusing on the conflict and friendship between two teen boys one straight and the other gay.
 The Yale Alumni Magazine is an alumni magazine about Yale University. It was founded in 1891. It is independent from the university and is governed by a corporation Yale Alumni Publications Inc.The Magazine's statement of purpose approved on June 16 2003 says:
 The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper (1968) is the tenth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot focuses on McGee's investigation of a beautiful young woman who is mysteriously losing her mind without any apparent physical or mental disease. Along the way he discovers various troubling facets to the small Florida town where she resides.
 IQ and the Wealth of Nations is a 2002 book by Dr. Richard Lynn Professor Emeritus of Psychology at the University of Ulster Northern Ireland and Dr. Tatu Vanhanen Professor Emeritus of Political Science at the University of Tampere Tampere Finland. The book argues that differences in national income (in the form of per capita gross domestic product) are correlated with differences in the average national intelligence quotient (IQ).
 Social Evolution & History is a peer-reviewed academic journal focused on the development of human societies in the past present and future. In addition to original research articles Social Evolution & History includes critical notes and a book review section. It is published in English twice a year in March and September by Uchitel Publishing House. The editors-in-chief are Dmitri Bondarenko Leonid Grinin and Andrey Korotayev.
 An Assembly Such as This is a novel by Pamela Aidan. It is the first book in a trilogy entitled Fitzwilliam Darcy Gentleman. The second and third books in the series are titled Duty and Desire and These Three Remain.All three books are inspired by Jane Austen's popular novel Pride and Prejudice. The series centers on the character Fitzwilliam Darcy and explores the events of Pride and Prejudice and Darcy's developing relationship with Elizabeth Bennet from his viewpoint.
 Weekly Young Magazine (Japanese: 週刊ヤングマガジン Hepburn: Shūkan Yangu Magajin) is a Japanese weekly seinen manga anthology published by Kodansha.
 N-Space is a collection of short stories by American science fiction author Larry Niven released in 1990. Some of the stories are set in Niven's Known Space universe. Also included are various essays articles and anecdotes by Niven and others excerpts from some of his novels and an introduction by Tom Clancy. Its sequel is Playgrounds of the Mind.
 Tants aurukatla ümber is a novel by Estonian author Mats Traat. It was first published in 1971.
 Again Dangerous Visions is the sequel to the science fiction short story anthology Dangerous Visions first published in 1972. It was edited by Harlan Ellison and illustrated by Ed Emshwiller.Like its predecessor Again Dangerous Visions and the stories within it received many awards. The Word for World is Forest by Ursula K. Le Guin won a Hugo for Best Novella. When It Changed by Joanna Russ won a Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 Final Exam: A Surgeon's Reflections on Mortality is a 2007 book written by surgeon and liver specialist Pauline Chen. The Los Angeles Times described the main goal of the book as to hold herself and fellow physicians accountable for providing better end-of-life care. She argues that medical schools can and should do a much better job of preparing doctors to care for the dying.
 The Enemy is a post-apocalyptic young adult horror novel written by Charlie Higson. The book takes place in London after a worldwide sickness has infected adults turning them into something akin to zombies. It was published by Puffin Books in the UK on 3 September 2009 and by Disney-Hyperion in the U.S. on 11 May 2010. The Enemy is the first in a planned series of seven.
 Judgment Night is a 1952 collection of science fiction short stories by C. L. Moore. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1952 in an edition of 4000 copies. The collection contains the stories that Moore selected as the best of her longer work. The stories all originally appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 The International Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering oral and maxillofacial surgery oral pathology and related topics. It is published monthly by Elsevier for the International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
 Being There is a satirical novel by the Polish born writer Jerzy Kosinski first published in 1970. Set in America the story concerns Chance a simple gardener who unwittingly becomes a much sought-after political pundit and commentator on the vagaries of the modern world.A film based on the book was made in 1979 for which Kosinski co-wrote the screenplay with Robert C. Jones.
 Foresight: The International Journal of Applied Forecasting is a forecasting journal published quarterly by the International Institute of Forecasters. Foresight was launched in 2005 as a practitioner-focused companion to The IIF's International Journal of Forecasting.
 The Liar (published 1991) is the first novel of British writer and actor Stephen Fry. The book relates the life of Adrian Healey a public school and Oxbridge educated man who excels at lying and along with other characters forming an old boy's club partakes in a makebelieve espionage game solely to avert boredom.A film version is in development with Fry planning to star alongside Nicholas Hoult and Ian McKellen.
 Sword Art Online (ソードアート・オンライン Sōdo Āto Onrain) is a Japanese light novel series written by Reki Kawahara and illustrated by abec. The series takes place in the near-future and focuses on various virtual reality MMORPG worlds. The light novels began publication on ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Bunko label from April 10 2009 with a spin-off series launching in October 2012 and are licensed in North America by Yen Press. The series has spawned five manga adaptations.
 Gypsy in Amber is a 1971 mystery novel by Martin Cruz Smith as Martin Smith. It was first published on January 1 1971 through Putnam and was Smith's second novel and first mystery novel.Gypsy in Amber was nominated for an Edgar Award. The novel was optioned for a television series in 1974 with the title Roman Grey. A pilot episode was filmed but not picked up for a full series. The pilot episode was aired as a TV movie entitled The Art of Crime and was poorly received.
 Girls Saurus (ガールズザウルス Gāruzu Zaurusu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kei Kusunoki and published by Shogakukan. The individual volumes were collected and published in three tankōbon volumes between March 2002 to December 2002. Kusunoki followed up Girls Saurus with a sequel called Girls Saurus DX (ガールズザウルスDX Gāruzu Zaurusu).
 My Senator and Me: A Dog's-Eye View of Washington D.C. is a 2006 children's book by Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy. It follows a Portuguese Water Dog named Splash as he tries to help his master the senator go about his daily life and pass an education bill. It also explains how a bill becomes a law the roles of Congress and the Senate and other details of the U.S.
 Vimanarama is a three-issue comic book mini-series written by Grant Morrison with art by Philip Bond and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.
 Love Without Hope is a 2007 novel by the Australian author Rodney Hall.
 Vida is a 1980 novel by Marge Piercy.The eponymous heroine is a 1960s Anti-war and pro-environmental activist who has in the modern day (1980s when the novel was written and is partially set) become part of an illegal underground revolutionary network which resembles the real Weatherman (later the Weatherpeople.) The story is told in the then present day and in flashback to the 1960s.
 Sammarynda Deep is a 2008 fantasy short story by Cat Sparks.
 The Silver Donkey is a young-adult fiction book written by Sonya Hartnett set during World War I. The book traces the journey of an English soldier who deserts the war and comes across two young girls in the French countryside Marcelle and Coco. The girls help the soldier who suffers psychological blindness as an effect of post-traumatic stress to plan a way to cross the English Channel back to his brother.
 Karate Baka Ichidai (空手バカ一代 Kurenai Sanshiro A Karate-Crazy Life) is a Japanese manga drawn by Jiro Tsunoda and Jōya Kagemaru with the story written by Ikki Kajiwara. The anime television series was created by Jiro Tsunoda and directed by Joya Kagemaru. The series aired on Fuji TV from October 3 1973 to September 25 1974 totaling 47 episodes. The story was inspired by real life martial artist Mas Oyama.
 What the Dead Know is a crime thriller by Laura Lippman published in 2007. The story set in Baltimore in 2005 is about an investigation into a woman who claims to be Heather Bethany a girl who had gone missing thirty years before. The book was critically acclaimed. It won the 2007 Quill Award in the mystery/suspense/thriller category and 2008 Anthony Award for Best Novel.
 Buried Alive: The Elements of Love is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher with photographs by Andrew Moore. It was first published in 1996.
 Zaregoto Series (戯言シリーズ Zaregoto Shirīzu) is a Japanese novel series written by Japanese novelist Nisio Isin and illustrated by Take. The series was published in Japan between February 5 2002 and November 2005 by Kodansha Books. It was followed by a spin-off series also published by Kodansha Books Ningen Series (人間シリーズ Ningen Shirīzu) focusing on the Zerozaki clan.
 Survivor's Quest is a 2004 novel set in the Star Wars galaxy. The book was written by Timothy Zahn and is the eighth and chronologically the final book in his eight-book Thrawn series.
 Worms of the Earth is a short story by American fantasy fiction writer Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in the magazine Weird Tales in November 1932 then again in 1975 in a collection of Howard's short stories Worms of the Earth. The story features one of Howard's recurring protagonists Bran Mak Morn a fictional King of the Picts.
 Geological Evidences of the Antiquity of Man is a book written by British geologist Charles Lyell in 1863. The first three editions appeared in February April and November 1863 respectively. A much-revised fourth edition appeared in 1873.
 A Little Princess is a 1905 children's novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett. It is a revised and expanded version of Burnett's 1888 serialised novel entitled Sara Crewe: or What Happened at Miss Minchin's Boarding School which was published in St. Nicholas Magazine. According to Burnett she had been composing a play based on the story when she found out a lot of characters she had missed.
 Phytotherapy Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research papers short communications reviews and letters on medicinal plant research. Key areas of interest are pharmacology toxicology and the clinical applications of herbs and natural products in medicine from case histories to full clinical trials including studies of herb-drug interactions and other aspects of the safety of herbal medicines.
 Murphy's Gold is the second novella in Murphy series by Gary Paulsen. The story is about Murphy whose goal is to save enough money to leave town. During this time he solves a murder mystery and then after that he decides it's time to leave town. It was published in March 1988 by Walker & Company.
 In 1975 the Joker became the first super-villain to own his own comic book series. The Joker ran 9 issues from May 1975 until October 1976.
 The Spiritual Heritage of India is a book written by Swami Prabhavananda (1893–1976) founder and head of the Vedanta Society of Southern California from 1930 until his death. Originally published in 1962 by Doubleday the book has been republished with the same title in several later editions including hardcover paperback and sound recording. It has been reviewed in magazines and professional journals. A foreword by Huston Smith was first included in a 1979 edition.
 Buffalo Rising was originally a Buffalo New York monthly print newspaper which now publishes exclusively online.Buffalo Rising was founded by Newell Nussbaumer in 2003 as a way to cover grassroots movements Urban planning and development and activism in Buffalo New York. The format was originally a tri-annual and later a monthly printed paper with a small online blog to supplement it. The online blog quickly gained popularity and in 2004 Buffalo Rising Online was launched.
 Model Railroader (MR) is an American magazine about the hobby of model railroading. Founded in 1934 by Al C. Kalmbach it is published monthly by Kalmbach Publishing of Waukesha Wisconsin.
 Corografia brasílica ou relação histórico-geográfica do reino do Brasil (Brazilian Chorography or Historical-Geographical Relation of the Kingdom of Brazil) by Manuel Aires de Casal was the first book published in Brazil. This book contains the first published edition of Pero Vaz de Caminha's letter.
 The Simpleton (Тюфя′к Tyufyak - also: The Muff) is the debut novel by Alexei Pisemsky written in the late 1840 and first published in 1850 by Moskvityanin magazine's October and November issues. The novel has brought its author critical acclaim and mass popularity.
 Exit Music is the seventeenth crime novel in the internationally bestselling Inspector Rebus series written by Ian Rankin. It was published on 6 September 2007. The title was released simultaneously by Rankin himself at the Edinburgh International Book Festival and by a special promotion featured on internet music networking site last.fm arranged by the publisher to celebrate the theme of music which has run throughout the series. The cover was also revealed on the site.
 The Parsifal Mosaic is a spy fiction novel by Robert Ludlum published in 1982.
 The Redemption of Althalus is a stand-alone fantasy novel by David and Leigh Eddings. Its main character is Althalus a professional thief enlisted by the Goddess Dweia to save the world from the desolations of her evil brother Daeva and his henchman Ghend.
 Be Like Water (2008) is a play written by Dan Kwong originally produced at East West Players in association with Cedar Grove OnStage. The play received its world premiere in Los Angeles on September 17 2008 directed by Chris Tashima at East West Players' David Henry Hwang Theater at the Union Center for the Arts in Los Angeles. The story follows a young Asian American girl in 1970s Chicago who is visited by the Ghost of Bruce Lee.
 From the Teeth of Angels is a novel by the American writer Jonathan Carroll first published in 1994. It tells the story of three interconnected fates. The question of death is being discussed in this novel.
 Path of the Fury and the later re-issuance with new material and a full prequel novel as the omnibus In Fury Born are both stand-alone science fiction novels by David Weber covering the life and times of sympathetic female protagonist Alicia DeVries.The original Path of the Fury opens with her having been in retirement and resettled to the frontier with her extended family whereas in the new novel she lives at home with her family and progresses from school girl to marine recruit through specialty training and participates with distinction in an interstellar war; the prequel climaxes by detailing her later war experiences after she joins an very elite special forces unit of 'Drop commandos' where she becomes a bona fide hero several times over. 
 Nelson Eddy: The Opera Years is a biography by Sharon Rich with a chapter featuring Jeanette MacDonald's opera career.Before he became a movie star Nelson Eddy was an opera star. This photo-filled book is a study of that career and a compilation of virtually every review interview and article written about him from 1922 until 1935 when his success in the MGM musical Naughty Marietta co-starring soprano Jeanette MacDonald convinced him that his future was in Hollywood.
 Idrottsarvet: årets bok (en: Sports Heritage: Year Book) (ISSN 0283-1791) is a Swedish sport yearbook established in 1986. It is published annually by the Sports Museum of Gothenburg (Idrottsmuseet i Göteborg) and edited by Bo W. Karlsson.
 Master Mind was a comic strip in the British comic magazine Buster. It made its first appearance in the issue dated 8 November 1980 and ran until 1983 when it was replaced with Cliff Hanger. It was written and drawn by Jack Edward Oliver.Alf Witt was a boy who lived in the town of Flittem and wasn't very clever.
 KoreAm is an award-winning monthly magazine dedicated to news commentary politics lifestyle and culture published in the United States. It is the oldest and most widely circulated English-language monthly magazine for the Asian American community. The magazine has featured prominent Asian American leaders politicians artists entertainers athletes and entrepreneurs. It also covers current events related to North Korea South Korea Asian Americans immigrants and communities of color.
 Molecular Imaging and Biology previously titled Clinical Positron Imaging is published by Springer Science+Business Media as the official medical journal of the Academy of Molecular Imaging. It addresses topics in cytology diagnostic imaging and molecular biology.
 The Baslerstab is a Swiss German-language free daily newspaper published by Basler Zeitung Medien in Basel.It is published in three forms – a city edition and online newspaper both from Monday through Friday; and a regional edition on Wednesdays and Fridays.As of 2005 the newspaper had a circulation of 194358 copies per day.Basler Zeitung Medien also publishes the Basler Zeitung.
 The Laredo Morning Times is a daily newspaper publication based in Laredo Texas USA. It is owned by the Hearst Corporation.The Laredo Morning Times was founded on June 14 1881 as the Laredo Weekly a four-page newspaper published by James Saunders Penn. Two years later the paper became a daily as the Laredo Daily Times. In 1986 William B. Green became only the ninth publisher of the Laredo Morning Times which started in a corner of a downtown building on Farragut Street in Laredo.
 Captain Antifer (French: Mirifiques Aventures de Maître Antifer 1894) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne.
 Fog Magic by Julia L. Sauer is a children's fantasy novel set in Nova Scotia. It was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1944. Fog Magic tells the story of a young girl who on foggy nights travels back in time to enter the past life of an abandoned village. Lynd Ward illustrated the book which was published by Viking.
 Bludgeoning Angel Dokuro-Chan (撲殺天使ドクロちゃん Bokusatsu Tenshi Dokuro-chan) is a Japanese light novel series written by Masaki Okayu and illustrated by Torishimo. It centers on a teenage boy and a killer angel from the future who constantly gets him into trouble and kills him violently and repeatedly with a spiked club only to resurrect him seconds later. The novels were first serialized in the Dengeki hp magazine published by MediaWorks.
 The Last Leaf is a short story by O. Henry published in 1907 in his collection The Trimmed Lamp and Other Stories. Set in Greenwich Village it depicts characters and themes typical of O. Henry's works.
 Human Genetics is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of human genetics including legal and social issues. It was established in 1964 by Arno Motulsky and Friedrich Vogel as Humangenetik obtaining its current title in 1976. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editors-in-chief are David N. Cooper (Cardiff University) and Thomas J. Hudson (Ontario Institute for Cancer Research).
 Misty of Chincoteague is a 1947 book by American author Marguerite Henry inspired by a real Chincoteague Pony named Misty. Set on the coastal island of Chincoteague Virginia the book tells the story of the Beebe family and their efforts to raise a filly born to a wild horse. The book won the Newbery Honor.
 Argumentation and Advocacy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Forensic Association edited by Catherine H. Palczewski and John Fritch.
 Ender's Game is a story by Orson Scott Card. It first appeared in the August 1977 issue of Analog magazine and was later expanded into the novel Ender's Game. Although the foundation of the Ender's Game series the short story is not properly part of the Ender's Game universe as there are many discrepancies in continuity.
 Vernon God Little (2003) is a novel by DBC Pierre. It was his debut novel and won the Booker Prize in 2003 and has been adapted as two different stage plays.
 The Mirage is an alternate history novel by Matt Ruff published in 2012 by Harper.
 Trapped in the U.S.S.R. is book 8 of the Race Against Time series written by J. J. Fortune. It is notable for poor characterization and ludicrous plot involving a teenage boy who has to escape the Russians but seems more worried that his parents might find out he's away. At one point due to his lack of Russian fluency he has to pretend to be deaf and mute but keeps talking anyway.
 Broadcasting & Cable magazine is a television industry trade magazine published by NewBay Media. Previous names included Broadcasting-Telecasting Broadcasting and Broadcast Advertising and Broadcasting. Broadcasting was published biweekly until January 1941 and weekly thereafter. Broadcasting & Cable's website is well known for its weekly and seasonal updates on various television show ratings by Nielsen as well as other inside information as to the statuses of television programing.
 The Simcoe Reformer is a newspaper circulating in Norfolk County Ontario and Haldimand County Ontario both in Canada. The Reformer is published weekdays by Bowes Publishers Limited a subsidiary of Sun Media.
 Kill Alex Cross is the eighteenth book in the Alex Cross series following Det. Alex Cross trying to solve two crimes - the president's kidnapped children and a case of someone poisoning the water supply.
 OutWeek Magazine was an influential gay and lesbian weekly news magazine published in New York City from 1989 to 1991. During its two year existence OutWeek was widely considered the leading voice of AIDS activism and the initiator of a radical new sensibility in lesbian and gay journalism.
 Gert Fram is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror. This short story was the first piece of fiction Card ever published. It originally appeared in the July 1977 fine arts issue of Ensign magazine under the pen name Byron Walley.
 Black Ships Before Troy: The story of the Iliad is a novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff illustrated by Alan Lee and published by Frances Lincoln in 1993. Set during the Trojan War it retells the Iliad story that is known from Homer more than 2500 years ago. For his part Lee won the annual Kate Greenaway Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book illustration by a British subject.Sutcliff had died in June 1992.
 Perri is a 1938 novel by the author of Bambi Felix Salten and is the midquel to Bambi. Its title character is an Eurasian red squirrel. Bambi makes a brief appearance in Perri.In 1957 Walt Disney adapted it into a True Life Fantasy of the same name.
 New Times LA is a now-defunct alternative weekly newspaper that was published in Los Angeles California by the New Times Media corporation from 1996 until 2002.
 Metroland is an alternative newspaper that is published weekly in Albany New York and mainly serves the Capital District area. Distributed free of charge the paper offers local arts and music scene coverage news and feature articles and political columns with a mostly liberal bent.
 An Account of Capers is a novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall. His last book it was published posthumously in 1988.
 Nitric Oxide is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and official journal of the Nitric Oxide Society. The journal covers the broad field of nitric oxide research and includes basic and clinical topics such as cell biology molecular biology biochemistry immunology pathology genetics physiology pharmacology and disease processes.
 Twilight is a young adult novel written by author Meg Cabot and was published by Avon Books in 2004. In the UK it was published with the title Heaven Sent.
 The Twits is a humorous children's book written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake. It was written in 1979 and first published in 1980. The Twits was adapted for the stage in 2007.
 The Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus (Latin for Logical-Philosophical Treatise) is the only book-length philosophical work published by the German-Austrian philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein in his lifetime. It was an ambitious project – to identify the relationship between language and reality and to define the limits of science – and is recognized as a significant philosophical work of the twentieth century. G. E.
 Beer In The Snooker Club is a semi-autobiographical novel by the Egyptian writer Waguih Ghali written in English and first published in 1964.
 Acta entomologica Serbica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering entomology published by the Entomological Society of Serbia. It publishes mainly original research papers.The journal was first established as Glasnik Entomološkog društva Kraljevine Srba Hrvata i Slovenaca (Bulletin of the Entomological Society of the Kingdom of Serbs Croats and Slovenes) in May 1926 then renamed to Glasnik Jugoslovenskog entomološkog društva (Bulletin of the Yugoslav Entomological Society) in 1929.
 RES was a bi-monthly magazine chronicling the best in cutting edge film music art design and culture. RES was launched with a preview issue in January 1997 at the Sundance Film Festival. The full-length premiere issue debuted in August 1997 with music video directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris on the cover.
 Dreaming is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the International Association for the Study of Dreams. The journal covers research on dreaming as well as on dreaming from the viewpoint of any of the arts and humanities. The current editor-in-chief is Deirdre Barrett (Harvard Medical School).
 The Wench is Dead is a historical crime novel by Colin Dexter the eighth novel in the Inspector Morse series. The novel received the Gold Dagger Award in 1989.
 The New Yinzer is an online literary magazine published in Pittsburgh. The primary means of publication is online supplemented with occasional printed material. It is published Triannually. The New Yinzer focuses on Pittsburgh as inspiration. It focuses on first-time contributors; the editors have an open door policy to provide assistance to prospective authors. Contributors are paid in t-shirts. It has been funded by the Sprout Fund.The first issue was published online in January 2002.
 The Underpainter is a novel by Jane Urquhart that won the 1997 Governor General's Award for English-language fiction and in the same year was a finalist for the Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize.The story takes place mainly in Canada and the United States in the early years of the 20th century.
 Madea Goes to Jail is an American musical play touring from 2005 to 2006 created written produced and directed by Tyler Perry. It stars Tyler Perry as Mabel Madea Simmons Cassi Davis as Ella Cherly Pepsi Riley as Wanda and Judy Peterson as Katie.
 Acta Oto-Laryngologica is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering otolaryngology and head & neck surgery. It presents papers on clinical practice clinical research and basic sciences. It is published by Informa. The editor-in-chief is Matti Anniko (Uppsala University).
 Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry into Values (ZAMM) first published in 1974 is a work of philosophical fiction the first of Robert M. Pirsig's texts in which he explores his Metaphysics of Quality.The book sold 5 million copies worldwide. It was originally rejected by 121 publishers more than any other bestselling book according to the Guinness Book of Records.The title is an apparent play on the title of the book Zen in the Art of Archery by Eugen Herrigel.
 Exiles of Time is a science fiction novel by author Nelson S. Bond. It was first published in book form in 1949 by Prime Press in an edition of 2112 copies of which 112 were signed numbered and slipcased. The novel first appeared in the magazine Blue Book in May 1940.
 Breakfast With Les and Bess was an Off-Broadway play written by Lee Kalcheim that originally premiered at Hudson Guild Theatre in October 1982 before transferring to Lamb's Theatre in May 1983.
 Thunder Cave is a young adult adventure novel by Roland Smith first published by Hyperion Books in 1995. It is the first of three books being followed by Jaguar and The Last Lobo.
 Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace is a 1999 book by Lawrence Lessig. It has evolved into a partially wiki-written book Code v2 under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 License.
 When She Woke is the second novel by American author Hillary Jordan published in October 2011. It has been translated into French Spanish and Turkish. German Brazilian and Chinese editions are forthcoming.
 Duzhe (Chinese: 读者; pinyin: Dúzhě; literally Reader(s)) is a Chinese general interest magazine. It is the most widely circulated magazine in the People's Republic of China. It includes original articles condensed articles reprinted from other magazines book excerpts and collections of jokes anecdotes quotations and other short pieces. Duzhe was founded in 1981 in Lanzhou and is published by the Gansu People's Press. It is often perceived as the Chinese version of The New Yorker
 Assassin's Apprentice is the first novel in Robin Hobb's Farseer Trilogy. It was her first book under this pseudonym and was published in 1995. The book was written under the working title Chivalry’s Bastard. The stories of characters found in the Farseer Trilogy continue in the Tawny Man Trilogy. Another trilogy The Liveship Traders is set in the same world and in the same timeframe with some crossover.
 Withering Tights: Misadventures of Tallulah Casey is the first in an expected series of books written by Louise Rennison. The books are published by publisher Harper Collins.Published in July 2010 in the United Kingdom this book was awarded a Roald Dahl 'funny' prize.
 A Forest Apart is a 2003 Star Wars ebook written by Troy Denning. The novel is set before Tatooine Ghost in the Star Wars Expanded Universe timeline.The novel is also available as part of the Tatooine Ghost paperback (ISBN 0-345-45669-6).In the novel Lumpawarrump heads to Coruscant to spend time with his father Chewbacca. The story evolves around the Wookiees' adventure there and Chewbacca dealing with Lumpawarrump's disobedience.
 Foodservice Equipment & Supplies (ISSN-1097-2994) is a trade publication serving the information needs of dealers broadline distributors consultants and multi-unit operators who specify and purchase foodservice equipment and supplies.Established in 1948 Foodservice Equipment & Supplies is published monthly.
 The Eye of the Heron is a 1978 science fiction novel by U.S. author Ursula K. Le Guin which was first published in the science fiction anthology Millennial Women.
 Caravan Kidd (キャラバン キッド Kyaraban Kiido) is a shōnen science fiction manga by Johji Manabe. It was published in the United States and Canada in English by Dark Horse Comics.
 Slow River is British writer Nicola Griffith's second science fiction novel first published in 1995. It won the Nebula Award for Best Novel and the Lambda Literary Award in 1996.
 Neural Regeneration Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on neuroregeneration and stem cells. Topics covered include neural stem cells nerve tissue engineering gene therapy neurodegenerative diseases and traditional Chinese medicine. It was established in 2006 and the editors in chief are Kwok-Fai So (University of Hong Kong) and Xiao-Ming Xu (Indiana University).
 El Universal is a major Mexican newspaper.El Universal was founded by Félix Palavicini and Emilio Rabasa in October 1916 in the city of Santiago de Queretaro to cover the end of the Mexican Revolution and the creation of the new Mexican Constitution. The circulation of the print edition of El Universal is more than 300000 readers.According to Alexa.com the online version of the paper is ranked the second most visited news site in Mexico.
 Apologia Pro Poemate Meo is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.
 The Return is the 48th book in the Animorphs series written by K. A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Kimberly Morris. Due to an editorial oversight Lisa Harkrader was mistakenly credited with writing the book. It is narrated by Rachel. It is the fourth of the last ten books to have an inverted title in which the main title is in color and the background of the title is in black showing a definite change. This is also the last book (fully) narrated by Rachel.
 Hana to Yume (花とゆめ Flowers and Dreams) is a semi-monthly Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Hakusensha.The magazine is published on the 4th and 22nd of every month. It is often nicknamed as HanaYume (花ゆめ) among the readers.
 A Far Sunset is a science fiction novel by Edmund Cooper published by Hodder & Stoughton in July 1967.
 Organic Geochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier covering research on all aspects of organic geochemistry. The current editors-in-chief are James Maxwell (University of Bristol) and Lloyd Snowdon (University of Calgary). Organic Geochemistry is the official journal of the European Association of Organic Geochemists.
 By the Sword known in Japan as You (妖 -you-) is a Japanese manga series created by Sanami Matoh who is also the creator of Fake.
 William and Air Raid Precautions is the 21st book of children's short stories in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton.
 Like a Family: The Making of a Southern Cotton Mill World is a history of the cotton textile industry in the American South especially the Piedmont region of the states of Virginia North Carolina South Carolina Georgia and Alabama.
 Mortality is a 2012 posthumously published book by Christopher Hitchens comprising seven essays which first appeared in Vanity Fair concerning his struggle with oesophageal cancer with which he was diagnosed during his 2010 book tour and to which he succumbed in December 2011. An eighth chapter consisting of unfinished fragmentary jottings a foreword by Graydon Carter Hitchens' Vanity Fair editor and an afterword by Carol Blue Hitchens' widow are also included in the publication.
 The Final Storm (2011) is a historical novel by Jeff Shaara based on the Pacific Theater of World War II. It follows roughly chronologically after his European World War II trilogy ending with No Less Than Victory. It was published on May 17 2011.The story opens in February 1945 when an American submariner witnesses the shock of getting ambushed by two Japanese ships.
 The Beginning Place is a short novel by Ursula K. Le Guin written in 1980. It was subsequently published under the title Threshold in 1986. The novel does not belong to any of the cycles for which Le Guin is well known. The story's genre is a mixture of realism and fantasy literature. The novel's epigraph What river is this through which the Ganges flows? is quoted from Jorge Luis Borges who is known for his works of magical realism.
 Trese is a horror/crime komiks created by writer Budjette Tan and artist Kajo Baldisimo. It tells the story of Alexandra Trese a detective that deals with crimes of supernatural origin. The third book Trese: Mass Murders won Best Graphic Literature in the 29th National Book Award last November 2010.
 WorldNetDaily (WND) is an American web site that publishes news and associated content from the perspective of U.S. conservatives and the political right. It was founded in May 1997 by Joseph Farah with the stated intent of exposing wrongdoing corruption and abuse of power and is headquartered in Washington D.C.
 Unknown is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by Stanley Schmidt the fifth of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine Unknown of the 1930s-40s. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in October 1988.The book collects nine tales by various authors together with an introduction by the editor.
 The Santaroga Barrier (1968) is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert. It is considered to be an alternative society or alternative culture novel.The Santaroga Barrier deals with themes such as psychology the counterculture of the 1960s andpsychedelic drugs. It was originally serialized in Amazing Stories magazine from October 1967 to February 1968 and came out in a paperback from Berkley Books later in 1968.
 A Different Flesh is a collection of alternate history short stories by Harry Turtledove set in a world in which Homo erectus and various megafauna survived in the Americas instead of Native Americans.Turtledove was inspired to write the story by a Stephen Jay Gould article that speculated as to how humanity’s distant cousin Australopithecus would be treated if that species had survived.
 The Last Samurai (2000) was the first novel by American writer Helen DeWitt.
 A More Perfect Constitution is a book published by American political scientist at the University of Virginia Larry J. Sabato. Sabato proposes a constitutional convention to substantially overhaul the United States Constitution. He points out that after the Bill of Rights there have only been seventeen constitutional amendments over the past 220 years. He argues that a constitutional convention is overdue and is something that Founding Fathers would have wanted.
 Gorgeous Carat (ゴージャス・カラット Gōjasu Karatto) is a Shōnen ai manga series by You Higuri. The series is about the relationship between a man from a poor noble family and a master thief during the Victorian Era in France.
 Industrial and Labor Relations Review (ILR Review) is a publication of the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations. It is an interdisciplinary journal publishing original research on all aspects of industrial relations.
 Juked is an American literary magazine established in 1999 by J. W. Wang (Los Angeles). Print editions have been published yearly since 2003. Notable contributors include Blake Butler Tao Lin Jared Hegwood Karin Lewicki Woody Evans Stephen Graham Jones Kim Chinquee and others. Moment is a photo-essay feature of Juked.
 Conan the Free Lance is a fantasy novel written by Steve Perry featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in February 1990. It was reprinted by Tor in December 1997.
 Dust to Dust (2000) is a novel by Tami Hoag. Contrasting the moral issues of the turn of the century's society with the sexuality of high profile civil servants it sets the scene for an apparent lack of understanding in today's world for the alternative person. It is the second novel in the three part Kovac/Liska Series.
 The Curse of the Bronze Lamp (also published as Lord of the Sorcerers) is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery or more properly a subset of that category known as an impossible crime and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 [[Category:2012 comic debuts]]A 5 issues comic-book series written by Lance Henriksen (Millennium (TV series) Aliens (franchise) Near Dark) and Joseph Maddrey (Nightmares in Red White and Blue: The Evolution of the American Horror Film) with art by Tom Mandrake published by Dark Horse Comics 2012-2013. To Hell You Ride is a horror story that takes place in a mountain town of Colorado.
 Belladonna is the second book in Anne Bishop's Landscapes of Ephemera. Following Sebastian Belladonna continues the story of the battle between the Light and Dark of Ephemera and Glorianna Belladonna's struggle to destroy or cage the Eater of the World before it can convert the worlds into a massive playground to use for its own dark purposes.
 Surrender is a novel written by the award-winning Australian novelist Sonya Hartnett. It was first published in 2005 in Australia by Walker Books. It is narrated by twenty-year-old Gabriel who is dying and twenty-year-old Finnigan a homeless boy who is Gabriel's only friend.
 Michael Vey: Rise of the Elgen is the second book by Richard Paul Evans in the Michael Vey series. It carries on where the first book (Michael Vey: Prisoner of Cell 25) left off in search for Michael's mother.
 The Journal of Dermatological Treatment is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of the treatment of skin disease including the use of topical and systematically administered drugs and other forms of therapy. It is published by Informa Healthcare and the editors-in-chief are Peter van de Kerkhof (Radboud University Nijmegen) and Steven R. Feldman (Wake Forest University School of Medicine).
 This article is about the version first published in print in 1883. For the version first published in 1961 see Alaung Mintayagyi Ayedawbon.Alaungpaya Ayedawbon (Burmese: အလောင်းဘုရား အရေးတော်ပုံ) also known as Alaung Mintayagyi Ayedawbon (Burmese: အလောင်း မင်းတရားကြီး အရေးတော်ပုံ) is one of two biographic chronicles of King Alaungpaya of Konbaung Dynasty.
 A Crystal Age is a utopian novel/ Dystopia written by W. H. Hudson first published in 1887. The book has been called a significant S-F milestone and has been noted for its anticipation of the modern ecological mysticism that would evolve a century later.The book was first issued anonymously in 1887. The second edition of 1906 identified the author by name and included a preface by Hudson. The third edition of 1916 added a foreword by Clifford Smith.
 Bhog and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by Ankur Betageri first published in 2010. It contains fourteen stories and contains some of the author's most famous stories like The Source of the Stream Big Bear Remembers Kako Bhog and Malavika. The stories in the collection are noted for their surreal quality which blur the distinction between the real and the unreal to a frightening extent.
 Mildred Pierce is a 1941 hardboiled novel by James M. Cain. It was made into an Academy Award-winning 1945 film of the same name starring Joan Crawford and a 2011 Emmy Award-winning miniseries of the same name starring Kate Winslet.
 The Conversation of Eiros And Charmion is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe an apocalyptic science fiction story first published in Burton's Gentleman's Magazine in 1839.
 The Tifton Gazette is a daily newspaper published in Tifton Georgia. It is operated by South Georgia Media Group a division of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. CNHI acquired the paper in 2000 from Thomson.
 Windpower Monthly is a monthly business magazine owned by the Haymarket Media Group reporting on events in the global wind power sector. Publication began in the mid-1980s and the magazine is regarded as a veteran player in the wind energy sector.[citation needed]Typical subjects covered include renewable energy legislation wind turbine technology and company news. The magazine is based in London and is edited by Jacki Buist. It also has an office New York.
 The Mail on Sunday is a British conservative newspaper published in a tabloid format. First published in 1982 by Lord Rothermere it became Britain's biggest-selling Sunday newspaper following the closing of News of the World in July 2011. Its sister paper the Daily Mail was launched in 1896.It is owned by dmg media but the editorial staff are entirely separate from the Daily Mail. It had an average daily circulation of 1555977 in March 2014.
 Marvels is a four-issue limited series comic book written by Kurt Busiek painted by Alex Ross and edited by Marcus McLaurin and published by Marvel Comics in 1994.Set from 1939 to 1974 the series examines the Marvel Universe the collective setting of most of Marvel's superhero series from the perspective of an Everyman character: news photographer Phil Sheldon.
 Dusk Maiden of Amnesia (黄昏乙女×アムネジア Tasogare Otome × Amunejia) is a 2009–2013 manga series written and illustrated by Maybe. It was published by Square Enix and serialized in the Monthly Gangan Joker magazine. An anime adaptation by Silver Link aired between April and June 2012. It has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America.
 Hickory Dickory Dock is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 31 October 1955 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in November of the same year under the title of Hickory Dickory Death. The UK edition retailed at ten shillings and sixpence (10/6) and the US edition at $3.00. It features her Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
 Courage: Eight Portraits is a non-fiction book by former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown. Published in 2007 it comprises short biographical accounts of the lives of eight notable individuals drawn together as an exploration of the concept of courage. The eight subjects of the book are Aung San Suu Kyi Dietrich Bonhoeffer Edith Cavell Robert Kennedy Martin Luther King Nelson Mandela Cicely Saunders and Raoul Wallenberg.
 Transformers Comic is a British Comic published monthly by Titan Magazines. It often features strips re-printed from American comics and graphic novels. The first issue was released in July 2007 to tie in with the film. As of October 2011 it has ran for four volumes.
 Viz is a popular British comic magazine founded in 1979 by Chris Donald. It parodies British comics of the post-war period notably The Beano and The Dandy but with vulgar language toilet humour black comedy surreal humour and generally sexual or violent storylines. It also sends up tabloid newspapers with mockeries of articles and letters pages.
 Cosmic Engineers is a science fiction novel by author Clifford D. Simak. It was published in 1950 by Gnome Press in an edition of 6000 copies of which 1000 were bound in paperback for an armed forces edition. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Astounding in 1939. Reviewer Groff Conklin found the 1950 text to be rather pleasant . . .
 Sleep No More is an immersive theatre production created by British theatre company Punchdrunk. Based on Punchdrunk's original 2003 London production the company reinvented Sleep No More in a co-production with the American Repertory Theatre (A.R.T.) which opened at the Old Lincoln School in Brookline Massachusetts on October 8 2009.It won Punchdrunk the Elliot Norton Theatre Award for Best Theatrical Experience 2010.[citation needed]
 Sybil is a 1973 book by Flora Rheta Schreiber about the treatment of Sybil Dorsett (a pseudonym for Shirley Ardell Mason) for dissociative identity disorder (then referred to as multiple personality disorder) by her psychoanalyst Cornelia B. Wilbur.The book was made into two movies of the same name once in 1976 and again as a television movie in 2007.
 Guardian of the Horizon is the 16th in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 The Destruction of Dresden is a 1963 non-fiction book written by David Irving that describes the February 1945 Allied bombing of Dresden in World War II. The book became an international bestseller during the 1960s debate about the morality of the World War II area bombing of the Nazi Germany civilian population. The book is no longer considered to be an authoritative or reliable account of the Allied bombing and destruction of Dresden during February 1945.
 Townsend Letter formerly Townsend Letter for Doctors then Townsend Letter for Doctors & Patients is a periodical focusing on alternative medicine which has been in circulation since 1983. Townsend Letter's website notes in a disclaimer: We encourage reports which frequently are not data-based but are anecdotal. Hence information presented may not be proven or factually correct.Townsend Letter is listed as a nonrecommended periodical by the website Quackwatch.
 Jesus of Nazareth: The Infancy Narratives is a book written by Pope Benedict XVI first published on November 21 2012 by Image Books. The book is the third and final volume of the author's three-volume meditation on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ. Pope Benedict presents the stories of Jesus' infancy and childhood as being as relevant today as they were two thousand years ago.
 The Southern Journal of Philosophy has long provided a forum for the expression of philosophical ideas written from all philosophical perspectives including both the analytic and continental traditions as well as the history of philosophy.
 Les Parents terribles is a 1938 French play written by Jean Cocteau. Despite initial problems with censorship it was revived on the French stage several times after its original production and in 1948 a film adaptation directed by Cocteau himself was released. English-language versions have been produced under various titles including Intimate Relations and Indiscretions.
 The Battle of Evernight is a fantasy novel by Cecilia Dart-Thornton published in 2003 by Warner Aspect a division of Time Warner U.S.A. Pan Macmillan U.K. Pan Macmillan Australia Editrice Nord Italy Luitingh-Sijthoff Netherlands Pipe Verlag Germany and A.S.T. Publishing Russia.. It is the third novel in the Bitterbynde trilogy and the sequel to The Lady of Sorrows.Imrhein/Rohain/Tahquil/Ashalind with Caitri Lendoon and Viviana Wellesly must travel to Arcdur.
 My Year is a book by Roald Dahl and was published in 1993. It contains some of Roald Dahl's most remarkable writing and is based on a diary he wrote during the final year of his life. In a month-by-month journey he reflects on the past and present from many perspectives. Reminiscences of his childhood and adolescence are combined with tips on how to rid your lawn of moles or produce a first-class conker. All of this is woven into Roald Dahl's observations of the changing seasons.
 Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare by Isaac Asimov vols I and II (1970) ISBN 978-0-517-26825-4; Maps by the artist Rafael Palacios.This work gives a short guide to every Shakespeare play and also his two epic poems. Asimov organizes the plays as follows: Greek Roman Italian The English PlaysThe last two categories are treated broadly; 'Italian' applies to neighbouring countries and both Hamlet and Macbeth are listed with 'The English Plays'.
 Meaning and Necessity is a 1947 book about logic by Rudolf Carnap.
 The Black Corsair is an 1898 adventure novel written by Italian novelist Emilio Salgari. Set in the Caribbean during the golden age of piracy the novel narrates the exploits of Emilio Roccanera Lord of Ventimiglia and his attempts to avenge his brothers slain by the Duke Van Guld now Governor of Maracaibo.
 A Graveyard To Let is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery (or more properly a subset of that category known as the impossible mystery) and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 Lok Samvad (लोक संवाद 'People's Dialogue') is a fortnightly newspaper published in Hindi from Lucknow India by the Uttar Pradesh State Committee of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). S.P. Kashyap is the editor of the newspaper.
 Gaku Ou: The Royal Seven Stars (学☆王 -THE ROYAL SEVEN STARS-) is an adult visual novel of Japan developed and published by Lump of Sugar. The game first released on January 27 2012 it was then later ported to Playstation Portable entitled Gaku Ou: The Royal Seven Stars + Meteor (学☆王 -THE ROYAL SEVEN STARS- ＋METEOR) and released on 28 March 2013 by Alchemist (company).
 Communications in Statistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers related to statistics. It is published by Taylor & Francis in two series Theory and Methods and Simulation and Computation.
 Titan is a 1997 science fiction novel by Stephen Baxter. The book depicts a manned mission to Titan — the enigmatic moon of Saturn — which has a thick atmosphere and a chemical makeup that some think may contain the building blocks of life. Titan was nominated for the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1998.
 Mobile Suit Gundam: Lost War Chronicles (機動戦士ガンダム戦記 Kidō Senshi Gundam Senki) is a Sci-Fi Mech Shooter/Mech Simulator Game for the Sony PlayStation 2. This game allows you to play as a regular soldier on either the EFSF or the Principality of Zeon witnessing events from the One Year War on a grunt unit's point of view. You will be able to fight side by side with the Ace pilots as they make cameo appearances on certain missions.
 Alto Adige is an Italian local daily newspaper based in Bolzano. It is sold in South Tyrol and since 1999 also in the province of Belluno. Prior to 2000 the newspaper was published with three local editions for South Tyrol Trentino and Belluno when was subdivided with two new local newspapers: Trentino and Corriere delle Alpi.
 Freddy the Magician (1947) is the 14th book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. Freddy is ecstatic over the opportunity to learn magic tricks from a professional. However it becomes apparent that this is part of a criminal plot to recover stolen money. Freddy and the Bean animals match their magic and wits onstage and offstage against the crooked magician.
 The Extremist was a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Peter Milligan with art by Ted McKeever. The series was published by DC Comics through their Vertigo comics imprint from September to December 1993. It was originally created by Brendan McCarthy who gave it to Peter Milligan to develop as a comic series because he couldn't be bothered to draw it.[citation needed]
 Mlinarjev Janez: Slovenski junak ali uplemenitba Teharčanov is a novel by Slovenian author Ferdo Kočevar. It was first published in 1859.
 Diabetes Care is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published since 1978 by the American Diabetes Association. The journal covers research in the following five categories: 1) clinical care/education/nutrition/psychosocial research 2) epidemiology/health services research 3) emerging treatments and technologies 4) pathophysiology/complications and 5) cardiovascular and metabolic risk.
 Horrible Histories is a series of illustrated history books published in the United Kingdom by Scholastic and part of the Horrible Histories franchise. They are designed to engage children in history by presenting the unusual gory or unpleasant aspects in a tongue-in-cheek manner in contrast to the formality of lessons taught in school. The series has proved exceptionally successful in terms of commercial revenue.
 Witchcraft Today is a non-fiction book written by Gerald Gardner. Published in 1954 Witchcraft Today recounts Gardner's thoughts on the history and the practices of the witch-cult and his claim to have met practising Witches in 1930s England. It also deals with his theory that the Knights Templar had practised the religion and that the belief in faeries in ancient mediaeval and early modern Europe is due to a secretive pygmy race that lived alongside other communities.
 The Gunhawks is the name of a pair of fictional comic book characters in the Western genre that first appeared in a self-titled series published by Marvel Comics.
 Vasiona (Serbian: Васиона - Universe) is a magazine for popularization of astronomy published by the Astronomical Society Ruđer Bošković. It is being published four times per year. Every number contains news about astronomy and news about events in the society. It is published for more than half a century and is the oldest magazine for popularization of natural sciences in Serbia.
 Freddy and the Perilous Adventure (1942) is the ninth book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. Freddy ducks Alice and Emma and the Webb spiders are cast on a voyage when a fairground balloon will not return to the ground. Days later when landing Freddy must confront the dishonest balloon owner who received money from Mr. Bean for damages.
 Red Sky in the Morning is a young adult novel by Elizabeth Laird first published in 1988. The novel was published as Loving Ben in its initial American release.
 A Dream of Wessex is a 1977 science fiction novel by Christopher Priest. In the United States it was released under the title The Perfect Lover.
 Orczy's Nicolette is a re-telling of the medieval French story Aucassin and Nicolette.
 Havisham is a poem written in 1998 by Carol Ann Duffy. It responds to Charles Dickens' character Miss Havisham from his novel Great Expectations looking at Havisham's mental and physical state many decades after being left standing at the altar when the bride-to-be is in her old age. It expresses Havisham's anger at her fiancé and her bitter rage over wedding-day trauma and jilted abandonment. Duffy's use of language is very powerful and passionate.
 Wit (also styled as W;t) is a one-act play written by American playwright Margaret Edson which won the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. Edson used her work experience in a hospital as part of the inspiration for her play.
 There have been three main publishers of the comic book series bearing the name Transformers based on the toy lines of the same name. The first series was produced by Marvel Comics from 1984 to 1991 which ran for 80 issues and produced four spin-off miniseries. This was followed by a second volume titled Transformers: Generation 2 which ran for 12 issues starting in 1993.
 The Journal of Biomedical Semantics is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that covers research in biomedical semantics. The journal was established in 2010 and is published by BioMed Central. The editors-in-chief are Dietrich Rebholz-Schuhmann (University of Zurich) and Goran Nenadic (University of Manchester).
 The Journal of Counseling & Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association. The journal was established in 1921 as the National Vocational Guidance Bulletin. In 1924 the titled changed to Vocational Guidance Magazine and again to Occupations: The Vocational Guidance Journal.
 The Saracen is a two-part novel written by Robert Shea. The two separate portions The Land of the Infidel and The Holy War are a continuous tale.Basically ignored during its publication - and out of print today although still enjoying strong reviews and a cult following by those who have read it - the novel is the portrayal of an English-born man named David who is captured as a very young child and sold into slavery to Baibars a Mamluk officer.
 Roosevelt: The Soldier Of Freedom is a 1970 biography of US President Franklin D. Roosevelt by James MacGregor Burns published by Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. The book won the 1971 Pulitzer Prize for History and the National Book Award for Nonfiction (History and Biography).
 Pasqyra is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Mutation is a book written by Robin Cook about the ethics of genetic engineering. It brings up the benefits risks and consequences.
 L'Europeo was a prominent Italian weekly news magazine launched on November 4 1945 by the founder-editors Gianni Mazzocchi and Arrigo Benedetti. The magazine stopped publication in 1995.
 Blast was the short-lived literary magazine of the Vorticist movement in Britain. Two editions were published: the first on 2 July 1914 (dated 20 June 1914 but publication was delayed) and published with uncharacteristic and shockingly bright pink cover art referred to by Ezra Pound as the great MAGENTA cover'd opusculus; and the second a year later on 15 July 1915. Both editions were written primarily by Wyndham Lewis.
 The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan (originally The Pie and the Patty-Pan) is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and published by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1905. It tells of a cat called Ribby and a tea party she holds for a dog called Duchess. Complications arise when Duchess tries to replace Ribby's mouse pie with her own veal and ham pie and then believes she has swallowed a small tin pastry form called a patty-pan.
 Sarvartha Chintamani is one of the important books of astrology belonging to ancient India. Written in Sanskrit verse it deals with the effects of each house in the natal chart in far greater detail besides giving the description about the planets their effects lifespan and prosperity. However it makes a clear distinction between benefic and malefic indications and their impact although that distinction may be prima facie indicating contrary results.
 ReMIND graphic novel reMIND is a graphic novel series created by Jason Brubaker.
 A Man (1979) (Italian: Un Uomo) (Greek: Ένας Άνδρας transliteration: Enas Andras) is a novel written by Oriana Fallaci chronicling her relationship with the attempted assassin of Greek dictator George Papadopoulos.
 The Nutmeg of Consolation is a historical novel the fourteenth in the Aubrey-Maturin series written by British author Patrick O'Brian. The book is set during the Napoleonic Wars and concerns the adventures of naval commander Jack Aubrey and his friend ship's surgeon naturalist and intelligence agent Stephen Maturin. Its opening chapter continues directly from the ending of the previous novel in the series The Thirteen-Gun Salute.
 Terminator: The Burning Earth was first published in 1990 by NOW comics. It was published as a five-part story utilizing characters featured in James Cameron's popular film The Terminator. The story was written by Ron Fortier and illustrated by Alex Ross his first published comic work.
 High Justice is a 1974 collection of science fiction short stories by American writer Jerry Pournelle. It was republished in an omnibus edition with Exiles to Glory in 2009 as Exile -- and Glory.A major part of the background of these stories is the final fall of the Welfare States; Russia is never mentioned and the US is downsliding due to inflation and political corruption.
 Leepike Ridge is N.D. Wilson's debut novel published in 2007. It is an adventure novel written for children.
 Qualitative Sociology is an academic journal dealing with sociology. It publishes research papers on the qualitative interpretation of social life. This includes photographic studies historical analysis comparative analysis and ethnography.
 Blink is a 2003 novel by Christian author Ted Dekker. It was re-released in November 2007 under the title Blink of an Eye featuring new content and a more expedient storyline. It follows two main characters from a 3rd person perspective. Blink is set in the modern-day United States and in the Middle East and features a Christian fiction perspective.
 Dear John is a romance novel by American writer Nicholas Sparks released in 2006. Its plot is an adaptation to present day's American culture of three plays Marius Fanny and César called la Trilogie Marseillaise written by French author Marcel Pagnol circa 1930. It was on the New York Times bestseller list in 2007.The story is about a romantic couple who fall in love over one summer. They are separated during the man's military service.
 Vampire Princess Miyu (吸血姫 美夕 Vanpaia Miyu) is a Japanese horror manga series by Narumi Kakinouchi and Toshiki Hirano as well as an anime adaptation by the same creators. The anime was originally presented in a 4-episode OVA (Original Video Animation) licenced by AnimEigo in 1988 and was later adapted into a 26-episode television series licensed by Tokyopop (later by Maiden Japan) and released in 1997.
 Psyche is a scientific journal of entomology which was established in 1874 by the Cambridge Entomological Club as a journal for the publication of biological contributions upon Arthropoda from any competent person. The name of the journal is derived from the Ancient Greek word for butterfly.The journal has been published since 1874 (with gaps from 1886 to 1887 1995 to 1999 and 2000 to 2007).
 Enemy Coast Ahead is an autobiographical book recounting the World War II flying career of Wing Commander Guy Gibson VC DSO DFC. It covers his time in RAF Bomber Command from the very earliest days of war in 1939 through to 1943.Gibson wrote the book aged 25 in 1944 whilst off operations.
 Caesar Antichrist (French: César-Antéchrist) is a short 1895 play by the French writer Alfred Jarry. The third act is an early version of Jarry's next play Ubu Roi; the main character of which Père Ubu appears here as the Antichrist. This play begins with a startling sequence of images of garbled Christianity from which Pere Ubu emerges as the new Messiah.
 Early Popular Visual Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Routledge which focuses on the study of the visual arts prior to 1930.
 Neurotoxicology and Teratology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the toxicological effects of chemical and physical agents on the nervous system. It was established in 1979 as Neurobehavioral Toxicology was renamed to Neurobehavioral Toxicology and Teratology in 1981 and obtained its current title in 1987. It is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is P.J. Bushnell (United States Environmental Protection Agency).
 Görög Katolikus Szemle ('Greek Catholic Survey') was a Hungarian-language Greek Catholic weekly newspaper published from Ungvár Subcarpathian Rus between 1899-1918. Görög Katolikus Szemle was the organ of the Society of Saint Basil the Great 1899-1901 and by the Unio Book Publishing Company 1902-1918.Viktor Kaminsky was the editor of the newspaper for most of its existence.Politically the newspaper represented a sector of the Greek Catholic clergy.
 The Commodore is a historical novel set during the Napoleonic Wars written by British author Patrick O'Brian and published by HarperCollins in 1995. It is the seventeenth volume in the Aubrey-Maturin series. The novel features the adventures of naval commander Jack Aubrey and his friend ship's surgeon naturalist and spy Stephen Maturin.
 Port of Saints is a novel by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs. First published in 1973 it was the last major work Burroughs wrote during his self-imposed exile in Europe during the late 1960s and early 1970s.One of Burroughs' shorter novels the book utilizes characters from numerous earlier works and also introduces characters that would re-appear later in the Burroughs canon.
 MYTHOI is a sixty-issue American comic book limited series by writer/creator James Ninness. It was published in 2010 by the Semantink Publishing. Single issues of MYTHOI are released digitally with trades collecting every six issues printed as the issues are completed.
 The Australian Law Journal is an Australian peer-reviewed law journal which has been publishing since 1927.
 What Hetty Did is the seventh novel by J.L. Carr published in 1988 when he was 76 years old. The novel describes the experiences of an 18 year old girl. Hetty Birtwisle has been brought up by adoptive parents in the Fens; after a beating by her father discovering that she was adopted she flees to Birmingham where she has learnt she was born and alters her surname to Beauchamp.
 Truancy is a dystopian novel written by Isamu Fukui a New York City student in Stuyvesant High School when he was 15 years old. Set in a totalitarian city ruled by its Mayor and Educators it follows the story of a fifteen-year-old student named Tack and a student rebellion calling itself the Truancy. The story takes a critical look at the institution of school and is dedicated to everyone that has ever suffered in the name of education.
 The Victoria Standard is a small biweekly newspaper published in Baddeck Nova Scotia Canada. The newspaper covers news from Victoria County and stories of interest to the local population.
 Ficciones is the most popular collection of short stories by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges often considered the best introduction to his work. Ficciones should not be confused with Labyrinths although they have much in common. Labyrinths is a separate translation of Borges's material into English by James E. Irby that like the translation into English of Ficciones appeared in 1962. Together these two translations led to much of Borges's worldwide fame in the 1960s.
 The Road of Kings is a fantasy novel written by Karl Edward Wagner featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Bantam Books in October 1979. Later paperback editions were issued by Ace Books (1987) and Tor Books 2001. The first trade paperback edition was published by Warner Books in 1989. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books (1986 reissued 1989).
 The Man Who Wrote Frankenstein is a 2007 book about poet Percy Bysshe Shelley by John Lauritsen who argues that Shelley not his wife Mary Shelley was the real author of Frankenstein (1818) and that the hidden theme of the book is male love.
 Space Opera is a novel by the American science fiction author Jack Vance first published in 1965 (New York: Pyramid Books).
 Connoisseur Magazine (Connoisseur) was created in 1901 issue #1 being published in September. It is a periodical and chronicle for collectors and investors in fine art collectables and antique furniture. It was edited for several years by Herbert Granville Fell.A connoisseur has a great deal of knowledge about the fine arts or is believed to be an expert judge in matters of taste including arts and antiques antique furniture modern art and contemporary society.
 Il Quotidiano del Friuli Venezia Giulia (English: The Daily of Friuli Venezia Giulia) is an Italian free newspaper founded in 2011. It is read only in Friuli Venezia Giulia.
 Topics in Early Childhood Special Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editor is Glen Dunlap (University of South Florida). It has been in publication since 1981 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 Freedom is a London-based anarchist newspaper published monthly by Freedom Press ceasing print publication in 2014.The paper was started in 1886 by volunteers including Peter Kropotkin and Charlotte Wilson and continues to 2014 as an unpaid project. Originally the subtitle was A Journal of Anarchist Socialism. The title was changed to A Journal of Anarchist Communism in June 1889.
 Jewel is a novel by Bret Lott and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection.
 The Hour is a daily newspaper published in Norwalk Connecticut by The Hour Publishing Company. It serves the municipalities of Norwalk Wilton Westport Weston and Stamford.
 Caramuru is an epic poem written by Brazilian Augustinian friar Santa Rita Durão. It was published in 1781 and it is one of the most famous Indianist works of the Brazilian Neoclassicism — the other being Basílio da Gama's O Uraguai.Inspired by Luís de Camões' The Lusiads it is divided in ten cantos.
 The Daily Star is the largest circulating daily English-language newspaper in Bangladesh. Founded by Syed Mohammed Ali on 14 January 1991 as Bangladesh transitioned and restored parliamentary democracy The Daily Star emerged as a leading and influential national newspaper of record.
 Al Jazirah (in Arabic الجزيرة meaning The Peninsula) is a daily Arabic newspaper published in Saudi Arabia. The editor-in-chief of the newspaper is Khalid bin Hamd Al Malik. Its sister newspaper is Al Masaiya the only afternoon newspaper in the country with limited influence and readership.The paper is published in broadsheet format with 48 pages both colour and black and white contents. It has more than thirty national and international branches.
 Marketing Theory is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Business. The journal's editor is Pauline Maclaren (Royal Holloway University of London). It has been in publication since 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Accidental Prime Minister: The Making and Unmaking of Manmohan Singh is a 2014 memoir by Indian policy analyst Sanjaya Baru who was Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's media advisor from May 2004 until August 2008. Published by Penguin India the book alleges that Singh was not entirely in control of his cabinet—or even the Prime Minister's Office (PMO). Instead significant power was wielded by the Congress party's president Sonia Gandhi to whom Singh was completely subservient.
 Phoenix and Ashes (2004) is a fantasy novel written by Mercedes Lackey a well-known fantasy author. Based on the story of Cinderella Phoenix and Ashes is a stand alone book though it is usually grouped with her other Elementals books.
 Triss is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 2002. It is the 15th book in the Redwall series.
 The Hound of Death and Other Stories is a collection of twelve short stories by Agatha Christie first published in the United Kingdom in October 1933.
 The Longest Voyage is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1961.
 Peter's Pence is a 1975 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary about an IRA plot to steal treasure from the Vatican with the help of an Irish-American journalist. They wind up kidnapping the Pope instead.The book won Best Novel at the 1975 Edgar Awards.
 Mistress Pat (1935) is a novel written by L. M. Montgomery. It is the sequel to Pat of Silver Bush and describes Patricia Gardiner's life in her twenties and early thirties during which she remains unmarried and takes care of her beloved home Silver Bush on Prince Edward Island. Pat hates change as much as ever and finds in Silver Bush a refuge where she is somewhat shielded from it but changes happen nevertheless.
 A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a 1943 novel written by Betty Smith. The story focuses on an impoverished but aspirational third-generation-American adolescent girl and her ethnically-blended family in Williamsburg Brooklyn New York City during the first two decades of the 20th century. The book was an immense success. The main metaphor of the book is the hardy Tree of Heaven native to China and Taiwan now considered invasive and common in the vacant lots of New York City.
 The Mendip Times is a monthly magazine distributed free of charge in the Mendip Hills and surrounding areas of Somerset England.It was launched in 2005 and has three employees who also produce Mendip TV.The owner Steve Egginton is a former chair of the SW branch of the Society of Editors head of news at HTV and was formerly producer of BBC Points West and deputy news editor of the Western Daily Press.
 Game Wars is a non-fiction book by Marc Reisner (ISBN 978-0-14-008768-0) which gives accounts of several U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service sting operations. First published in 1991 the book centers on undercover agent Dave Hall as he infiltrates groups of poachers and gathers evidence to prosecute them. The three chapters of the book focus on poaching of alligators in Louisiana ivory in Alaska and sacalait in the Southern United States.
 Brooklyn is a 2009 novel by Irish author Colm Tóibín. It won the 2009 Costa Novel Award was shortlisted for the 2011 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award and was longlisted for the 2009 Man Booker Prize. In 2012 The Observer named it as one of The 10 best historical novels.
 The Blind Man of Seville is a 2003 crime novel and thriller by British writer Robert Wilson. The novel is set in the Spanish city of Seville and is the first book in a quartet featuring protagonist Javier Falcón. The novel was published to much acclaim and was shortlisted for the 2003 Gold Dagger for Best Crime Novel of the Year.
 Maken-ki! (マケン姫っ! Makenki!) is a Japanese manga series by Hiromitsu Takeda. It was published by Fujimi Shobo's magazine Dragon Age Pure and later Monthly Dragon Age after the former magazine ceased publishing. It has been adapted into an anime series by AIC that aired on AT-X in the fall of 2011 and it is licensed in North America by Funimation as the title Maken-Ki! Battling Venus.
 Beware The Stranger is an Egyptian Young Adult horror novel. It was written by filmmaker Ahmed Khalifa and published by Al-Hadara Publishing. It was the first English-Language Egyptian Horror Novel in history. On August 1 2010 the novel became available on Amazon Kindle making it the first independently published Egyptian novel in history to do so.
 Echoes is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in October 2004. The book is Steel's sixty-fourth novel.
 Tom Clancy's EndWar: The Hunted is the sequel to Tom Clancy's EndWar a novel featuring a fictional account of World War III and based on a video game published by Ubisoft. Written under the pseudonym David Michaels it was released on February 1 2011 by Berkley Books.
 Jackpot is a 2014 novel by Gordon Korman.The book is about a missing $30000 lottery ticket that everyone in Cedarville is looking for. Griffin Bing the main character gets his friends in trouble and all they have a fight. They become friends with Victor Phoenix who has recently moved to Cedarville and start looking for the lottery ticket. Griffin starts looking himself. The book is a sequel to Hideout and it is the sixth book in the Swindle series.
 Sud-Est (Romanian for South-East) is a magazine from Chişinău Moldova. Valentina Tăzlauanu is the editor in chief.
 True West is a play by American playwright Sam Shepard. Like most of his works it is inspired by myths of American life and popular culture. The play is a more traditional narrative than most of the plays that Shepard has written.Some critics consider it the third of a Family Trilogy which includes Curse of the Starving Class (1976) and Buried Child (1979). Others consider it part of a quintet which includes Fool for Love (1983) and A Lie of the Mind (1985).
 For the engineering term see Angle of repose.Angle of Repose is a 1971 novel by Wallace Stegner about a wheelchair-using historian Lyman Ward who has lost connection with his son and living family and decides to write about his frontier-era grandparents. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1972.
 Tekken Comic (鉄拳コミック Tekken komikku «Iron Fist») — manga created by Ruy Takato based on eponymous series of fighting games. Created in honor of the 15th anniversary of the Tekken game series and is available with permission from Namco Bandai in the online version of the magazine Ultra Jump. March 19 2010 published the first printed volume manga.Story based on the manga storyline in Tekken 6 but with some differences.
 The Washington Post (WP) is an American daily newspaper. It is the most widely circulated newspaper published in Washington D.C. and was founded in 1877 making it the area's oldest extant newspaper.Located in the capital city of the United States the newspaper has a particular emphasis on national politics. Daily editions are printed for the District of Columbia Maryland and Virginia. The newspaper is published as a broadsheet with photographs printed both in color and in black and white.
 Panorama of Hell (地獄変 Jigokuhen) is a 1984 one shot Japanese horror manga by Hideshi Hino. It was published in the United States by Blast Books and in France as Panorama de l'enfer by Éditions IMHO in 2004.
 Berenice (French: Bérénice) is a five-act tragedy by the French 17th-century playwright Jean Racine. Berenice was not played often between the 17th and the 20th centuries. Today it is one of Racine's more popular plays after Phèdre Andromaque and Britannicus.[citation needed]It was premiered on 21 November 1670 by the Comédiens du Roi at the Hôtel de Bourgogne.
 The Clan Corporate is the third book of Charles Stross' alternate history science fiction series The Merchant Princes. It is the first part of the series' second story.
 Punk Rock is a play by the British playwright Simon Stephens which premiered at the Royal Exchange in 2009 and transferred to the Lyric Hammersmith directed by Sarah Frankcom. The play concerns a group of private school sixth formers during their A Level mocks exams.
 Amatsuki (あまつき) is an ongoing manga series by Shinobu Takayama serialized in Monthly Comic Zero Sum. A 13 episode anime adaptation produced by Studio Deen premiered on April 4 2008.
 Otoriyose Ōji Iida Yoshimi (おとりよせ王子 飯田好実) is a manga series written and illustrated by Shiho Takase. It will be adapted into a Japanese television drama.
 Principles of Compiler Design by Alfred Aho and Jeffrey D. Ullman is a classic textbook on compilers for computer programming languages.It is often called the dragon book and its cover depicts a knight and a dragon in battle; the dragon is green and labelled Complexity of Compiler Construction while the knight wields a lance labeled LALR parser generator.
 Under the Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith (ISBN 1-4000-3280-6) is an investigative nonfiction book by best-selling author Jon Krakauer first published in July 2003. It is a juxtaposition of two stories: the origin and evolution of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and a modern double murder committed in the name of God by brothers Ron and Dan Lafferty who subscribed to a fundamentalist version of Mormonism.
 Legion Lost is the name of two superhero titles published by DC Comics.It was originally published as a 12-issue comic book limited series starring the Legion of Super-Heroes. The series was co-written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning often collectively referred to and interviewed as DnA penciled primarily by Oliver Coipel with Pascal Alixe filling in for some issues inked by Lanning and colored by Tom McCraw.
 Socialite Evenings is Shobha De's first novel.
 Chrono Crusade (クロノ クルセイド Kurono Kuruseido) originally released as Chrno Crusade due to a typo in the original logo is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Daisuke Moriyama. It was originally published by Kadokawa Shoten in Comic Dragon then a special issue of the Dragon Magazine. A 24-episode anime television series based on the manga ran from 2003 to 2004 on Fuji TV. The animation work was done by Gonzo.
 From Up Above (ある日空から突然に。 Aru Hi Sora Kara Totsuzen ni) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Sakuya Kurekoshi. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on 25 November 2007.
 Let Me Stand Alone is a book containing collected writings including diaries and letters of Rachel Corrie published by W. W. Norton & Company in 2008. Corrie was killed in 2003 by an Israel Defense Forces armored bulldozer while protesting the destruction of a Gaza house which allegedly contained tunnels for smuggling weapons from Egypt. Her death was ruled accidental.According to W. W.
 Arbeiter Zeitung (“Workers’ Newspaper”) was the daily of the Social Democrat Party and published in Austria. It was disestablished in 1991.
 The Orange Mocha-Chip Frappuccino Years is a 2003 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the third in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 Selected from Dark They Were and Golden-Eyed is a collection that contains the Ray Bradbury short story Dark They Were and Golden-Eyed with several essays about the story. It was published in 1991 by Signal Hill Publications as part of their Writers' Voices Series for students. The story first appeared in the magazine Thrilling Wonder Stories in 1949.
 Cosmopolitan is an international magazine for women. It was first published in 1886 in the United States as a family magazine was later transformed into a literary magazine and eventually became a women's magazine in the late 1960s. Also known as Cosmo its content as of 2011 included articles on women's issues relationships sex health careers self-improvement celebrities fashion and beauty.
 Mafkarat al Islam or The Islamic memo is a newspaper operating throughout Iraq and surrounding nations. It aims to provide coverage of mujahideen or insurgent activities in the Iraq war against the USA and the New Iraqi Army. The newspaper's writings are often translated and published on [1] making the newspaper available over the Internet. Both sites have been accused of false propaganda and disinformation by the US State Department. [2]
 Novi Plamen (English: New Flame) is a left-wing journal for political social and cultural issues primarily aimed at intellectual audiences on the territory of the former Yugoslavia and the related diaspora. It is a leading publication of its kind in the region published by the Demokratska misao (English: Democratic Thought) publishing company based in Zagreb and largely sold on kiosks.
 Thuglak (Tamil: துக்ளக்) is a Tamil language weekly news magazine.
 Reading the Vampire Slayer is an academic publication relating to the fictional Buffyverse established by TV series Buffy and Angel.
 How I Live Now is a novel by Meg Rosoff first published in 2004. It received generally positive reviews and won the British Guardian Children's Fiction Prize and the American Printz Award for young-adult literature.
 The Small House at Allington is the fifth novel in Anthony Trollope's series known as the Chronicles of Barsetshire first published in 1864. It enjoyed a revival in popularity in the early 1990s when the British prime minister John Major declared it as his favourite book.
 Dogbreath is a fanzine dedicated to the 2000 AD series Strontium Dog.
 Cocaine Nights is a 1996 novel by J. G. Ballard. Like Super-Cannes that followed it it deals with the idea of dystopian resort communities which maintain their seemingly perfect balance via a number of dark secrets.
 Yani dyunya (Crimean Tatar: Янъы дюнья) is a Crimean Tatar-language weekly newspaper published in Simferopol on Fridays with a circulation of around 3.700 copies.The newspaper was founded in Moscow in 1918; its first director was the Turkish Communist Mustafa Suphi.The newspaper was later moved to Simferopol and in the late 1930's renamed to Къызыл Къырым (Red Crimea).
 Odd and the Frost Giants (2008) is a World Book Day book by Neil Gaiman. It draws on Norse mythology and also the historical Vikings.
 Getting Gertie's Garter is a play written by Wilson Collison and Avery Hopwood. Producer A. H. Woods staged it on Broadway in 1921. Hazel Dawn played the role of Gertie. The play was a sex farce but unlike most productions of its type the setting was a hayloft instead of a bedroom.
 Numbers was a literary magazine published twice a year in Cambridge England between 1986 and 1990. Six issues of the magazine appeared of which the last was a double issue to celebrate the ninetieth birthday of the American poet and novelist Janet Lewis.
 Finnmarksposten is a local newspaper published in Honningsvåg Norway. It was established in 1866.It has a circulation of 1235 of whom 726 are subscribers.Finnmarksposten is owned by Finnmark Dagblad since 1993 which in turn is owned 100% by A-pressen.
 The Mask of Apollo is a historical novel written by Mary Renault. It is set in ancient Greece shortly after the Peloponnesian War. The story involves the world of live theatre and political intrigue in the Mediterranean at the time. The narrator Nikeratos is an invented character but real historical figures such as Dion of Syracuse and Plato make appearances.
 Semar Gugat (Indonesian for Semar Accuses) is a stage play written by Nano Riantiarno for his troupe Teater Koma. It follows the traditional wayang character Semar as he attempts— and fails— to take revenge against Arjuna and Srikandi for humiliating him by cutting off a lock of his hair while they are under the influence of the demon queen Durga. Completed in mid-1995 the play consists of 559 lines of dialogue spread through 30 scenes.
 Betrayal is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Delacorte Press in July 2012. The book is Steel's eighty-sixth novel and (including non-fiction and children's books) her 104th book overall. It reached number 3 in the New York Times hardback fiction bestsellers chart. It is also available in audio book read by Renee Raudman.
 Saint Camber is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ballantine Books in 1978. It was the fifth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the second book in her second Deryni trilogy The Legends of Camber of Culdi. The Legends trilogy serves as prequels to The Chronicles of the Deryni series that Kurtz wrote from 1970 to 1973 and it details the events that occurred two centuries before the Chronicles trilogy.
 Bloodbones is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Jonathan Green and illustrated by Tony Hough. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. The book was notorious for being the 'lost' Fighting Fantasy gamebook written but never published until it was finally published in 2006 by Wizard Books. It would have been 60th in the series in the original Puffin series had it been published at the time and is 26th in the modern Wizard series.
 Clutch of Constables is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-fifth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1968. The plot concerns art forgery and takes place on a cruise on a fictional river in the Norfolk Broads; the Constable referred to in the title is John Constable whose works are mentioned by several characters.
 Nightrise is the third book in The Power of Five series written by Anthony Horowitz. It was published and released in the UK on 2 April 2007 by Walker Books Ltd. It is preceded by Evil Star released in 2006 and followed by Necropolis which was released on 30 October 2008. The title refers to a fictional organisation represented in the book. And also it refers to the Old Ones' presence on Earth and their spreading darkness.
 NeuroReport is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of neuroscience. The first issue was published in September 1990.
 Night of the Grizzlies is a book published in 1969 by author Jack Olsen which details events of August 13 1967 when two young women were separately attacked in Glacier National Park Montana by grizzly bears. Both women Julie Helgeson 19 of Albert Lea Minnesota and Michele Koons 19 of San Diego California died of their injuries.
 A Child's History of England is a book by Charles Dickens. It first appeared in serial form in Household Words running from January 25 1851 to December 10 1853. Dickens also published the work in book form in three volumes: the first volume on December 20 1851; the second December 25 1852; and the third December 24 1853. Although the volumes were published in December each was postdated the following year. They bore the titles: Volume I.
 Parrot and Olivier in America is a novel by Australian writer Peter Carey. It was on the shortlist of six books for the 2010 Man Booker Prize. It was also a finalist for the 2010 National Book Award.The book is an improvisation on the life of Alexis de Tocqueville.
 EGM² was a United States-based video game magazine that was published by Sendai Publishing from July 1994 to July 1998 as a spin-off of the popular magazine Electronic Gaming Monthly (EGM). Unlike EGM however EGM² lacked a reviews section and had a greater emphasis on import games. Despite the superscript in the name the official name of the magazine was EGM Two and not EGM Squared.Starting in August 1998 EGM² became Expert Gamer (often abbreviated as XG).
 Shock Wave is a book written by Clive Cussler. First published in 1996 it is the thirteenth book in Cussler's Dirk Pitt series. The events in the book take place between January and March 2000.
 It's Perfectly Normal: Changing Bodies Growing Up Sex and Sexual Health is a children's book about going through puberty. It is written by Robie Harris and illustrated by Michael Emberley. Harris was prompted to write it when an editor asked her to write a children's book about HIV/AIDS and she felt the subject needed to be treated more generally.
 Appointment with Venus (LCCN 51-39007) is a novel by Jerrard Tickell published by Hodder & Stoughton in 1951 leading to a British film adaptation the same year and a Danish film adaptation in 1962. The story is based on a real incident of the evacuation of Alderney cattle from the Channel Island during World War II.
 Ylana of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the seventh in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in October 1977. Its working title was evidently Jungle Maid of Callisto as announced in Locus #198 January 30 1977; the title actually used appears to be a nod to that of Edgar Rice Burroughs's Llana of Gathol a book in the Barsoom series that inspired Carter's Callisto books.
 Through the Valley of the Kwai (also published under the titles Miracle on the River Kwai and To End All Wars) is the autobiography of a Scottish captain named Ernest Gordon and recounts the experiences of faith and hope of the men held in a Japanese prisoner of war labour camp building the Burma Railway during the last three and a half years of World War II. The book was adapted into a film in 2001 under the title To End All Wars.
 Superman vs. Muhammad Ali is an oversize comic book published by DC Comics in 1978. The 72-page book features Superman teaming up with the heavyweight boxing champion Muhammad Ali to defeat an alien invasion of Earth. It was based on an original story by Dennis O'Neil which was adapted by Neal Adams with pencils by Adams and figure inks by Dick Giordano with background inks by Terry Austin.
 The Best Laid Plans is a 1997 novel by Sidney Sheldon. Possible inspiration for the title comes from a paraphrasing of the Robert Burns poem To a Mouse into modern English.
 White Dog released in France as Chien Blanc is a fictional autobiographical novel written by Romain Gary. Originally published as a short story in Life in 1970 (9 October) the full novel was published in 1970 in French in France by Éditions Gallimard. Gary's English version of the novel was published in North America in the same year by New American Library.
 Toward a Meaningful Life is a book authored by Chabad Hasidic writer Simon Jacobson. The book became the basis of a six-part course titled Toward a Meaningful Life: A Soul-Searching Journey for Every Jew by the Jewish Learning Institute. The book elucidates the teachings of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson the seventh Rebbe of Chabad.
 The Engineer is a London-based monthly magazine covering the latest developments and business news in engineering and technology in the UK and internationally. Founded in January 1856 it is among the world's oldest professional journals. The magazine shifted to an online only format in July 2012 before returning as a printed monthly title in September 2013; its website www.theengineer.co.uk publishes a monthly digital version of the magazine.
 Review of Policy Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization. The journal was established in 1981. The current editor-in-chief is Christopher Gore (Ryerson University).
 The Italian Secretary is mystery fiction by Caleb Carr featuring Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson. This literary pastiche is meant as an honourable homage to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and one that had the approval of the Doyle estate.
 The Clue of the Dancing Puppet is the thirty-ninth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1962 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 The Journal of Psychohistory (J Psychohist) is a journal in the field of psychohistory edited by Lloyd deMause and published by the Institute for Psychohistory. It aims to provide a new psychological view of world events — past and present. The journal is published quarterly and contains subjects such as childhood and the family (especially child abuse) psychobiography with extensive childhood material political psychology and psychological studies of anthropology.
 Memories with Food at Gipsy House is a collection of anecdotes and recipes by Roald Dahl and his second wife Felicity.
 Africa Education Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering current educational issues. It has been in existence since 1972 under the name Educare.alogue (ASC Leiden)]
 The Third Eye is a book published in November 1956. It was written by a British man named Cyril Hoskin (1910-1981) who claimed that his body was occupied by the spirit of a Tibetan monk named Tuesday Lobsang Rampa. It may be an early example of the New Age genre of channeling books.
 The Emperors Pearl is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.
 The Mysterious Affair at Styles is a detective novel by Agatha Christie. It was written in the middle of World War I in 1916 and first published by John Lane in the United States in October 1920 and in the United Kingdom by The Bodley Head (John Lane's UK company) on 21 January 1921.
 Rough (ラフ Rafu) is a romantic comedy swimming manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It was published by Shogakukan in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from 1987 to 1989 and collected in 12 tankōbon volumes. The series was adapted into a live action film in 2006 released in Japan by Toho.The story is about high school student Keisuke Yamato a 100 m freestyle swimmer and Ami Ninomiya the diver he falls in love with.
 Gay Times (branded as GT) is one of the United Kingdom's leading gay magazines for gay and bisexual men. Originally published as Gay Times from March 2007 it re-labeled itself as GT.
 Last Ditch is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-ninth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1977. The plot concerns drug smuggling in the Channel Islands and features Alleyn's son Ricky in a central role.
 High Profile is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the sixth in his Jesse Stone series.
 Magdalena (Machar) is a Czech novel written by Josef Svatopluk Machar. It was first published in 1893.
 The Sixth Gun is an ongoing monthly comic book series created by Cullen Bunn & Brian Hurtt and published by Oni Press.
 Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio or Liaozhai Zhiyi (also Strange Tales from a Chinese Studio or Strange Tales of Liaozhai simplified Chinese: 聊斋志异; traditional Chinese: 聊齋誌異; pinyin: Liáozhāi zhìyì; Wade–Giles: Liao-chai chih-i) is a collection of nearly 500 mostly supernatural tales written by Pu Songling in Classical Chinese during the early Qing Dynasty.The stories differ broadly in length with the shortest under a page long.
 1000 Places to See Before You Die is a 2003 travel book by Patricia Schultz published by Workman. A revised edition was published in November 2011. The new edition is in color.
 In the Next Room (or The Vibrator Play) is a play by Sarah Ruhl. It concerns the early history of the vibrator when doctors used it as a clinical device to bring women to orgasm as treatment for hysteria. Other themes include Victorian ignorance of female sexual desire motherhood breastfeeding and jealousy. The play was nominated for three 2010 Tony Awards.
 Son of M is an American comic book limited series a follow-up to Marvel Comics' House of M event starring the depowered Quicksilver. Quicksilver was one of the many mutants to lose his powers as part of the Decimation which he was in part responsible for.
 good! Afternoon (good! アフタヌーン Guddo! Afutanūn) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Kodansha. It is a bimonthly anthology and each issue typically has around twenty-five stories by various artists and runs about 800 pages. It is a sister magazine to Kodansha's successful monthly manga anthology Afternoon and was first launched on Nov. 7 2008. Each issue sells for 680 yen.
 Superior Spider-Man Team-Up is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in July 2013. The series is written by Christopher Yost with artwork by a rotating team of artists including David Lopez Paolo Rivera and Marco Checchetto. It is meant to serve as a direct successor to Avenging Spider-Man and a spiritual successor to Marvel Team-Up whose name it plays off of. It is also meant to act as an expansion of the Superior Spider-Man brand by Marvel.
 Path of Destruction is a novel in the Star Wars saga and is centered around the life of Darth Bane and the fall of the first Sith order. It was written by Drew Karpyshyn and was released on September 26 2006. The book takes place roughly 1000 years before Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
 Acento Latino is a biweekly newspaper based in Fayetteville North Carolina for the Latino community.
 Doctor Dolittle's Post Office is the third of Hugh Lofting's Doctor Dolittle books. Set on the West Coast of Africa the book follows the episodic format of most other books in the series. In the beginning of the book Doctor Dolittle helps to capture a slaver trader's ship then organizes the postal service of a small African kingdom.
 The Journal of Genocide Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies of genocide. It was established in 1999 and is published by Routledge. The editor-in-chief is A. Dirk Moses (University of Sydney). It is the official journal of the International Network of Genocide Scholars. Previous editors have been Henry R. Huttenbach Dominik J. Schaller and Jürgen Zimmerer.
 Cujo is a 1981 psychological horror novel by Stephen King about a rabid dog. The novel won the British Fantasy Award in 1982 and was made into a film in 1983.
 Under the Triple Suns is a science fiction novel by author Stanton A. Coblentz. It was first published in 1955 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 1528 copies.
 The African Historical Review is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of Africa. It was established in 1969 as Kleio: A Journal of Historical Studies from Africa and obtained its current title in 2007. It is published by Routledge in collaboration with UNISA Press. The editors-in-chief are Greg Cuthbertson (University of South Africa) Paul Landau (University of Maryland) Henriëtte Lubbe (University of South Africa) and Russel Viljoen (University of South Africa).
 Çamëria is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Elsevier is a Dutch weekly magazine with a circulation of over 140000 copies and well over 700000 weekly readers. Its chief editor is Arendo Joustra. It is the largest news and opinion weekly in The Netherlands and conventionally considered to be one of the most influential written media in the Dutch language area. Views expressed are generally liberally right wing.Elsevier focuses mainly on politics international affairs and business.
 Batman: Nine Lives is an Elseworlds graphic novel published by DC Comics in 2002 written by Dean Motter with art by Michael Lark.
 Larousse Gastronomique (pronounced: [la.ʁus ɡas.tʁɔ.nɔ.mik]) is an encyclopedia of gastronomy. The majority of the book is about French cuisine and contains recipes for French dishes and cooking techniques. The first edition included few non-French dishes and ingredients; later editions include many more.
 Another Country is a play written by the English playwright Julian Mitchell. It premiered on 5 November 1981 at the Greenwich Theatre London and transferred to the West End in March 1982. The play has developed a strong connection with Oxford Playhouse which revived the play in 2000 in a new production directed by Stephen Henry (transferred to the Arts Theatre Westminster from September 2000 until January 2001).
 Heti Válasz is a moderately conservative Hungarian weekly covering topics mainly from the range of politics economy and culture.The online version of Heti Válasz is also available in English.
 Patron de New-York is a novel by Ivorian author Bernard Dadié. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 1965.
 Depression and Anxiety is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Solvay Pharmaceuticals. It is an official journal of the Anxiety and Depression Association of America and covers research on major depressive and anxiety disorders. The editor-in-chief is Peter P. Roy-Byrne (University of Washington School of Medicine).
 Jack and Jill is an American bimonthly magazine for children 7 to 10 years old that takes its title from the nursery rhyme of the same name. It features stories and educational activities.The magazine features nonfiction articles short stories poems games comics recipes crafts and more. Having been continuously produced for nearly 75 years it is one of the oldest American magazines for kids.
 A Flight of Pigeons is a novella by Indian author Ruskin Bond. The story is set in 1857 and is about Ruth Labadoor and her family (who are British) who take help of Hindus and Muslims to reach their relatives when the family's patriarch is killed in a church by the Indian rebels. The novella is a mix of fiction and non fiction and was made into a film in 1978 called Junoon by Shyam Benegal starring Shashi Kapoor his wife Jennifer Kendal and Nafisa Ali.
 Poorly Made in China: An Insider's Account of the Tactics Behind China's Production Game is a book by Paul Midler which chronicles his year spent working with American businessmen whose companies' products are manufactured in China. Poorly Made in China alleges the practice of quality fade—the deliberate and secret habit of Chinese manufacturers to widen profit margins through the reduction of quality inputs.
 Flex is an American bodybuilding magazine published by American Media Inc.
 The Pantagraph is a daily newspaper that serves Bloomington-Normal Illinois along with 60 communities and eight counties in the Central Illinois area. Its headquarters are in Bloomington and it is owned by Lee Enterprises. The newspaper has an estimated 107000 daily readers. The name is derived from the Greek words panta and grapho which has a combined meaning of write all things.Bloomington businessman Jesse W.
 The General's Wife is a horror short story by Peter Straub. It was first published in 1982 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1200 copies and was issued without a jacket. The story is from a previously unpublished extract from the manuscript of Straub's novel Floating Dragon.
 Alta (2004) is the second book (the first is Joust) in the Dragon Jousters tetralogy by Mercedes Lackey. It is set in a fictionalized version of the pre-Pharaonic Lower Kingdom of Egypt. Lackey stated on her website that she intended Alta to be a fusion of predynastic Lower Egypt and Atlantis with more emphasis on the former than the latter. The Atlantis connection is not readily apparent in Alta but becomes a bit more obvious towards the end of the sequel Sanctuary.
 Liane the Wayfarer is the fourth short story from The Dying Earth a 1950 collection of Fantasy short stories by author Jack Vance. It first appeared in the December 1950 issue of the magazine Worlds Beyond. It is sometimes published under the alternate title The Loom of Darkness.
 The Further Adventures of The Joker (1990; Bantam Books 457 pages) is an English paperback anthology of short fiction stories about Batman's archenemy the Joker. The material was written by various authors (see below) and the book was edited by Martin H. Greenberg. It was the follow-up to an earlier Batman anthology The Further Adventures of Batman and was followed by two later installments: The Further Adventures of Batman vol.
 Uthayan (Tamil: உதயன் Utayaṉ English: Morning) is a Tamil language Sri Lankan daily newspaper published by New Uthayan Publication (Private) Limited part of the Uthayan Group of Newspapers. It was founded in 1985 and is published from Jaffna. Its sister newspapers is the Colombo based Sudar Oli. Uthayan was the only newspaper published from Jaffna which did not cease publication due to the civil war.
 The Candy Shop War (2007) is a children's fantasy novel by Brandon Mull about magic candy.
 Bincho-tan (びんちょうタン Binchōtan) (also Binchō-tan) is a mascot character created by Japanese manga artist Takahito Ekusa (江草天仁 Ekusa Takahito) and produced by game goods company Alchemist.The name is a play on words: binchōtan (備長炭) is a kind of charcoal which is mainly used for cooking. However -tan is a suffix created by the mispronunciation by young children of -san that led to the suffix -chan.
 Sence v očesu is a novel by Slovenian author Matjaž Zupančič (sl). It was first published in 2000.
 The News Sun is an American daily newspaper published in Kendallville Indiana. It is the flagship newspaper of KPC Media Group.It covers the city of Kendallville and several nearby communities in LaGrange and Noble counties.
 The Marriage (Polish: Ślub) is a play by the Polish writer Witold Gombrowicz written in Argentina after World War II. The narrative takes place in a dream where the dreamer transforms into a king and plans to marry his fiancée in a royal wedding only as a means to save their integrity. A Spanish translation was first published in 1948 followed by the original Polish version in 1953. The play was first performed in 1960.
 Greenhorn on the Frontier is an historical young-adult novel by the American writer Ann Finlayson.It is set in 1770s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania just before the American Revolutionary War and tells the story of nineteen-year-old Harry Warrilow and his twenty-three-year-old sister Sukey who move their few possessions by hand cart to start their own farm on the Western Pennsylvania frontier. The plot features characters like Simon Girty Arthur St.
 Heaven’s Net is Wide is a prequel to Lian Hearn's popular Tales of the Otori series. It recounts the life of Lord Shigeru from the age of 12 (the year in which Takeo is born). It begins with the murder of Kikuta Isamu Takeo's father and includes Shigeru's training with Matsuda Shingen the battle of Yaegahara the role of Muto Shizuka the meeting with Lady Maruyama and other events foreshadowing Across the Nightingale Floor.
 Under the Weather is a short story by Stephen King originally published in the Paperback edition of Full Dark No Stars.
 Scanlan's Monthly was a short-lived monthly publication which ran from March 1970 to January 1971. Edited by Warren Hinckle III and Sidney Zion it featured politically controversial muckraking and was ultimately subject to an investigation by the FBI during the Nixon administration. It was boycotted by printers as un-American by 1971.
 Super Mario-kun (スーパーマリオくん Sūpā Mario-kun) is a Japanese kodomo manga series written and illustrated by Yukio Sawada and serialized in the monthly manga anthology CoroCoro Comic. Individual chapters are collected into tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan who released the first volume on July 27 1991 and have released 45 volumes as of November 28 2012. The series has not been licensed outside of Japan.
 Mong Yawng Yazawin (Burmese: မိုင်းယောင်း ရာဇဝင် lit. Chronicle of Mong Yawng) is a 19th-century Burmese chronicle that covers the history of the Shan state of Mong Yawng. It is believed to have been written after the publication of Hmannan Yazawin.
 The Journal of Plantation Crops is a triannual peer-reviewed scientific journal and is the official publication of the Indian Society for Plantation Crops. The scope includes are topics relating to plantation cropping systems and crops like coconut arecanut oil palm cashew spices cocoa coffee tea and rubber. The Journal of Plantation Crops was established in 1973 and the editor-in-chief is V. Krishnakumar.
 Lias (Dutch for sheaf or file; French: liasse) is a biannual double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of learning and education in a very broad sense. It is subtitled Journal of Early Modern Intellectual Culture and its Sources.
 Hip Hop Connection (HHC) was the longest running monthly periodical devoted entirely to hip hop culture. HHC earned universal recognition and was described by Chuck D as the best magazine in the world.
 The People of the Black Circle is a 1977 collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The collection was edited by Karl Edward Wagner. It was first published in hardcover by Berkley/Putnam in 1977 and in paperback by Berkley Books the same year.
 The Progress-Index is a daily newspaper published in Petersburg Virginia. It is published Monday through Friday afternoon (actually late morning) and Saturday and Sunday morning.
 Šumarski list is one the oldest still-publishing forestry journals in the world. It was established in October 1876 and is published by the Croatian Forestry Society.
 The Economics of John Maynard Keynes: The Theory of Monetary Economy is a non-fiction work by Dudley Dillard which seeks to make The General Theory of Employment Interest and Money by John Maynard Keynes understandable to both the economist and to the non-economist. It was first published in 1948.In addition to explaining the economic theories of Keynes Dillard also includes a chapter on Keynes’s philosophical development and the “social philosophy toward which it leads.”
 Haré+Guu (ジャングルはいつもハレのちグゥ Janguru wa Itsumo Hare nochi Gū lit. The Jungle Was Always Sunny Then Came Guu) is a Japanese anime based on an original manga which ran in Monthly Shōnen Gangan. Twenty-six TV episodes were made followed by two OVA sequels: Haré+Guu DELUXE and Haré+Guu FINAL.The surreal comical and occasionally serious series focuses on the story of a 10-year-old jungle boy named Haré and his misadventures with Guu a liminal being who usually presents herself as a young girl.
 The Schwa Was Here is a young adult novel by Neal Shusterman. Published by Dutton Penguin in 2004. It is about an eighth-grader's friendship with another student named Calvin Schwa who is capable of seemingly not being noticed by the people around him. The book received critical acclaim upon its release receiving a starred review from School Library Journal and a positive review from Booklist.
 Just Like That (1994) is a novel by Lily Brett about Holocaust survivors in the United States. Up to a point it is autobiographical: The author was born in Germany in 1946 and came to Melbourne Australia with her parents in 1948. She is married to painter David Rankin; they have three children and currently live in New York. Very similar things can be said about the heroine of Brett's book Esther Zepler.
 Chariots of Fire is a 2012 stage adaptation of the 1981 Oscar-winning film of the same name. Production of the Olympic-themed play which opened at London's Hampstead Theatre 9 May 2012 and transferred to the West End on 23 June 2012 was partially inspired by the 2012 London Summer Olympics.
 Exiled from Almost Everywhere (Spanish: El exiliado de aquí y allá) is a 2008 novel by the Spanish writer Juan Goytisolo. It tells the story of a Parisian pervert who ends up in an electronic afterlife where invisible souls communicate with e-mails.
 Diaspora is a hard science fiction novel by the Australian writer Greg Egan which first appeared in print in 1997.
 The Heart of a Woman (1981) is an autobiography by American writer Maya Angelou. The book is the fourth installment in Angelou's series of seven autobiographies. The Heart of a Woman recounts events in Angelou's life between 1957 and 1962 and follows her travels to California New York City Cairo and Ghana as she raises her teenage son becomes a published author becomes active in the US civil rights movement and becomes romantically involved with a South African freedom fighter.
 Mankind is an English medieval morality play written c.1470. The play is a moral allegory about Mankind a representative of the human race and follows his fall into sin and his repentance. Its author is unknown; the manuscript is signed by a monk named Hyngham but he was probably only the scribe since some of the textual oddities are believed to derive from his miscopying of parts of the text because he was not familiar with it.
 Ghost Manor was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics (in two volumes) from 1968 to 1984 (though it was primarily a reprint title from 1978 onward). Volume one was hosted by the Old Witch (not to be confused with the Old Witch who hosted the 1950s EC title Haunt of Fear) while volume two was hosted by Mr. Bones.Ghost Manor was part of a wave of new horror and suspense comics published by Charlton during this period.
 IR$ is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Stephen Desberg illustrated by Bernard Vrancken and published by Le Lombard in French and Cinebook in English.
 Faceless Killers (1991) is a crime novel by the Swedish writer Henning Mankell and the first in his acclaimed Wallander series. The English translation by Steven T. Murray was published in 1997. In 1992 Faceless Killers won the first ever Glass Key award given to crime writers from the Nordic countries.
 Planetary is an American comic book limited series created by writer Warren Ellis and artist John Cassaday published by the Wildstorm imprint of DC Comics. After an initial preview issue in September 1998 the series ran for 27 issues from April 1999 to October 2009.
 DJ Times is an American music-trade magazine specializing in the disc jockey market based out of Port Washington New York. Established in 1988 by Testa Communications DJ Times was the first DJ-specific magazine to publish in the United States. Every month more than 30000 DJs turn to DJ Times as their primary source for product information business tips music news and more.In addition each August DJ Times presents The DJ Expo at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City New Jersey.
 Celestial Navigation is a 1974 novel by Anne Tyler. This is her 17th novel.
 The Walking Man (歩くひと Aruku Hito) is a Japanese one-shot manga by Jiro Taniguchi. It has been published in English by Fanfare/Ponent Mon and in French by Casterman. It was nominated for Best U.S. Edition of International Material - Japan at the 2007 Eisner Awards.
 Dot and the Kangaroo written in 1899 is a children's book by Ethel C. Pedley about a little girl named Dot who gets lost in the Australian outback and is eventually befriended by a kangaroo and several other marsupials. The book was adapted into a stage production in 1924 and a film in 1977.
 Dzirkstele is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 First Lord's Fury is a 2009 high fantasy novel by Jim Butcher. It is the sixth and final book of the Codex Alera novel series.For years he has endured the endless trials and triumphs of a man whose skill and power could not be restrained.
 The Young Magicians is an anthology of fantasy short stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in October 1969 as the seventh volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series. It was the second such anthology assembled by Carter for the series issued simultaneously with the first Dragons Elves and Heroes.The book collects eighteen modern fantasy tales and poems by various authors with an overall introduction and notes by Carter.
 Jerusalem is a play by Jez Butterworth that opened at the downstairs theatre of the Royal Court Theatre in London in 2009. The production starred Mark Rylance as Johnny 'Rooster' Byron and Mackenzie Crook as Ginger. After receiving rave reviews its run was extended. In January 2010 it transferred to the Apollo Theatre.
 Hexwood is a 1993 fantasy/science fiction novel for young adults. It is by British author Diana Wynne Jones.The book was dedicated to author Neil Gaiman who later wrote a poem about the honor and gave it to her.
 Centric is the official student magazine of the University of Central Florida in Orlando Florida United States. It is freely available on the university's campuses and on-line.The magazine is published biannually in the fall and spring by students and faculty of the Nicholson School of Communication which is a part of UCF's College of Sciences. The first issue of the magazine was published in the Spring of 2011.
 Bribery Corruption Also is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. It is the twenty-third novel in the Inspector Ghote series.
 Absolute Zero is a 1978 children's novel by Helen Cresswell the second book in the Bagthorpe Saga.
 The Myth of the Latin Woman (also known under the title Just Met a Girl named Maria) is a non-fiction essay written by Puerto Rican author Judith Ortiz Cofer. In the story Cofer details the racist stereotypes that she has encountered in her life as well as ones that women of Hispanic and Latin descent have encountered.
 The Journal of Virology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research concerning all aspects of virology. It was established in 1967 and is published by the American Society for Microbiology. Research papers are available free online four months after print publication.The editor-in-chief is Rozanne M. Sandri-Goldin (University of California Irvine California) (2012–present). Past editors-in-chief include Lynn W.
 Web is a science fiction novel written by the English science fiction author John Wyndham. The novel was published by the estate of John Wyndham in 1979 ten years after his death.
 Global Garden (GLOBAL GARDEN - アインシュタイン睡夢奇譚 Gurōbaru Gāden - Ainshutain Suimu Kitan) is a manga by Saki Hiwatari who is best known as the creator of Please Save My Earth.The series was published in Hakusensha's Hana to Yume which comes out bi-weekly in Japan. The series is completed at 8 volumes.
 La Morte Amoureuse (in English: The Dead Woman in Love) is a short story written by Théophile Gautier and was published in La Chronique de Paris in 1836. It tells the story of a priest named Romuald who falls in love with Clarimonde a beautiful woman who turns out to be a vampire.
 Keats's Neighborhood is a 2002 children's picture book about the works of American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.
 Maithil Karna Kayasthak Panjik Sarvekshan (A Survey of the Panji of the Karan Kayasthas of Mithila) is a book written by Binod Bihari Verma in Maithili. It is a research study on the available ancient manuscripts in the Mithila region called as Panjis which are genealogical charts of Maithil Brahmin and Kayasthas castes. This study deals with the manuscripts available in respect of Karna Kayasthas.
 The Clock Strikes Twelve is a collection of stories by author H. Russell Wakefield. It was released in 1946 and was the first collection of the author's stories to be published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 4040 copies.
 Oz is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Buffy television series about the character Daniel Oz Osbourne.This story is generally considered not part of the official Buffyverse canon.
 Champions of Hell is a comic book series published by 13 Flames Empire an independent publisher from British Columbia Canada. Originally published by Hunter Thompson Unlimited the company changed its name to 13 Flames Empire in 2006. Champions of Hell is written by Ira Hunter and illustrated by Robin Thompson with covers by Tim Vigil. The comic focuses on events set in 2013 where the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are wreaking havoc upon humanity.
 Acta Linguistica Hungarica is a quarterly Hungarian peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of linguistics. It is published by Akadémiai Kiadó and the current editor-in-chief is Ferenc Kiefer (Hungarian Academy of Sciences).
 Peckinpah: An Ultraviolent Romance (2009) is a short critifictional novel by American author D. Harlan Wilson. It is a series of vignettes folk tales and pseudobiographical sketches that coalesce into two stories one about a man named Felix Soandso who seeks vengeance on a gang of exploitation film villains after they kill his wife the other about the life of filmmaker Sam Peckinpah for whom the book functions as a kind of deranged schizophrenic ode.
 Victim: The Other Side of Murder (Delacorte Press ISBN 0385291051) is a 1982 true crime book by Gary Kinder. The book is based on real characters and events of the Hi-Fi Murders that occurred on April 22 1974 in Ogden Utah.
 Hamatora (ハマトラ lit. Beach Tiger) is a Japanese mixed-media project. The project began with a manga series written by Yukino Kitajima and Yūki Kodama as the character designer while Yū Wazu is adapting the design to the illustration. The manga started serialization in Shueisha's Young Jump magazine in November 2013. An anime television series by the studio Naz premiered on TV Tokyo and ran for twelve episodes between January 7 and March 25 2014.
 The Economics Bulletin is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal that publishes concise notes comments and preliminary results in all areas of economics. The journal was established in 2001 by Myrna Wooders. The current editor-in-chief is John P. Conley.
 Odalisque is a 2005 fantasy novel by Fiona McIntosh and the first in the Percheron series.
 The Geranium is an early short story by the American author Flannery O'Connor. It was first published in Accent: A Quarterly of New Literature in 1946 and is one of the six stories included in O'Connor's 1947 master's thesis The Geranium: A Collection of Short Stories. It later appeared in the 1971 collection The Complete Stories.O'Connor was fond of the story and rewrote it into An Exile in the East (1954) Getting Home (1964) and Judgement Day (1964).
 This peer-reviewed journal is edited by an international panel of historians anthropologists geographers and sociologists the Journal of Historical Sociology is both interdisciplinary in approach and innovative in content. The Journal of Historical Sociology was founded in 1988 and presents review essays and commentary in its Issues and Agendas section and aims to provoke discussion and debate.
 The Savage Garden is the second novel written by British author Mark Mills. Set in 1958 the story tells of Cambridge student Adam Strickland and his trip to Tuscany Italy; which started off as a chance to study the old Italian renaissance architecture of a garden owned by the aristocratic Docci family and results in Adam solving two murders: one from the 16th century and one just after World War II.
 The Sweet Far Thing is a novel by Libba Bray that was released on December 26 2007. It is the sequel to the best-selling A Great and Terrible Beauty and Rebel Angels. It has been a year of change since Gemma Doyle arrived at the foreboding Spence Academy. Her mother murdered her father a laudanum addict Gemma has relied on an unsuspected strength and has discovered an ability to travel to an enchanted world called the Realms where dark magic runs wild.
 A Model World and Other Stories is a 1991 collection of short stories by Michael Chabon. It was his first story collection and second book following the 1988 novel The Mysteries of Pittsburgh.
 For a list of gunboats and gunvessels of the Royal Navy see List of gunboats and gunvessels of the Royal Navy.Send a Gunboat: The Victorian Navy and Supremacy at Sea 1854–1904 by Antony Preston and John Major is a naval reference work on small warships of the Victorian Royal Navy first published in 1967.The second edition has a foreword by Professor Andrew Lambert which concludes that the contemporary relevance of this book has never been stronger.
 Uważam Rze. Inaczej pisane is a Polish weekly news magazine.
 A Dark Night's Passing (暗夜行路 An'ya Kōro) is the only full-length novel by Japanese writer Shiga Naoya. It was written in serialized form and published in Kaizō in between 1921 and 1937. The story follows the life of a wealthy young Japanese writer in the early 1900's who seeks to escape his unhappiness through marriage.It was translated into English by Edwin McClellan.
 A Twist in the Tale is a 1988 collection of short stories by British author and politician Jeffrey Archer. The collection contains 12 stories which are listed below.
 The North East Times is CA-certified widely circulated English daily newspaper in the entire North Eastern region of India. It was launched by GL Publications Ltd. on October 2 1990. The current circulation figure of the daily is 11300.
 The Irish Builder was a successful trade journal published in Dublin Ireland under various names from 1859 to 1979.Names used by the journal were: The Dublin Builder or Illustrated Irish Architectural Engineering Mechanics’ & Sanitary Journal (1859-1866); Irish Builder and Engineering Record (1867-1871); Irish Builder (1872-1899); Irish Builder and Technical Journal to 1979. Its first proprietor and editor was an architect named J.J.
 De Krant op Zondag (The Newspaper on Sunday) was a Dutch Sunday newspaper which was launched on 14 October 1990.The editor-in-chief was René de Bok. On 10 May 1992 the final issue appeared. De Krant op Zondag went into administration because of distribution problems and lack of advertisers. De Bok wrote a book about making the paper.
 The Three Impostors is an episodic novel by British horror fiction writer Arthur Machen first published in 1895 in The Bodley Head's Keynote Series. Its importance was recognized in its later revival in paperback by Ballantine Books as the forty-eighth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in June 1972.
 Transcension is a 2002 science fiction novel by Damien Broderick. It follows the story of lawyer Mohammed Kasim Abdel-Malik who after being killed his body is placed in cryonic suspension his mind is used as a source for an artificial intelligence Aleph.
 Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation is a work of speculative natural history and philosophy published anonymously in England in 1844.
 Time for Elizabeth is a play written by Norman Krasna and Groucho Marx.Krasna and Marx were good friends and Krasna says writing it took 10-15 years.The original Broadway production was directed by Krasna starred Otto Kruger and only ran for 8 performances. However film rights were sold to Warner Bros for $500000.It was adapted for TV in 1964.
 Babylon 5: The Passing of the Techno-Mages – Invoking Darkness is a Babylon 5 novel by Jeanne Cavelos the third and final book of the Passing of the Techno-Mages trilogy.
 Lindesnes is a local newspaper published in Mandal Norway. It covers central Vest-Agder. It was established in 1889.It has a circulation of 6401 of whom 6211 are subscribers.Lindesnes is published by Lindesnes AS which is owned 100% by Fædrelandsvennen AS which is in turn owned 25% by Schibsted.
 The Warlord of Mars is a science fantasy novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the third of his famous Barsoom series. Burroughs began writing it in June 1913 going through five working titles; Yellow Men of Barsoom The Fighting Prince of Mars Across Savage Mars The Prince of Helium and The War Lord of Mars. The finished story was first published in All-Story Magazine as a four-part serial in the issues for December 1913-March 1914. It was later published as a complete novel by A. C.
 The Conscience of the Rich is the seventh published of C. P. Snow's series of novels Strangers and Brothers but the third according to the internal chronology. It details the lives of Charles Katherine and their father Leonard March a wealthy Jewish family. Lewis Eliot narrates the story of the conflicting politics of wealth and pre-World War 2 socialism in England.
 Charity Girl is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer first published in 1970.
 The Bulletin of Economic Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the fields of economics econometrics and economic history that is published by Wiley-Blackwell. It was established in 1948 and publishes full-length articles alongside shorter referenced articles notes and comments and survey articles.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.188 ranking it 291st out of 321 journals in the category Economics.
 The Incredulity of Father Brown is a collection of eight stories by G.K. Chesterton featuring his Father Brown. This is the third collection of the G.K. Chesterton short stories originally published in 1926
 Labor Studies Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in the field of labor studies. Its editors-in-chief are Michelle Kaminski (Michigan State University) and Robert Bruno (University of Illinois). It was established in 1998 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the United Association for Labor Education.
 Business Standard is an Indian English-language daily newspaper published by Business Standard Ltd (BSL) in two languages English and Hindi.
 Materials & Design is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published ten times per year by Elsevier. The focus is researching practical applications of engineering materials including materials processing. Article formats are full papers short communications and technical reports. The editor-in-chief is K.L. Edwards (Aston University). The journal was established in 1978 as the International Journal of Materials in Engineering Applications and obtained its current title in 1980.
 Mastering the Art of French Cooking is a two-volume French cookbook written by Simone Beck and Louisette Bertholle both of France and Julia Child of the United States. The book was written for the American market and published by Knopf in 1961 (Volume 1) and 1970 (Volume 2).
 Reed Magazine is a literary journal published by San Jose State University. Two semesters of the Department of English and Comparative Literature's 133 class solicit edit and promote the magazine for each year. It is one of the oldest literary journals based west of the Mississippi River.The journal prints art poetry and prose (fiction and nonfiction). It also sponsors the Edwin Markham Poetry Prize the John Steinbeck Award for Fiction and the Gabriele Rico Creative Nonfiction Challenge.
 Zeno's Conscience (Italian: La coscienza di Zeno [la koʃˈʃɛntsa di ˈddzɛːno]) is a novel by Italian writer Italo Svevo. The main character is Zeno Cosini and the book is the fictional character's memoirs that he keeps at the insistence of his psychiatrist. Throughout the novel we learn about his father his business his wife and his tobacco habit. The novel was self-published in 1923. The original English translation was published under the title Confessions of Zeno.
 Minju Choson (Hangul: 민주조선; lit. Democratic Korea) is a state-run North Korean government newspaper. It is published in Pyongyang. It was started in 1945. It's the principal newspaper of the Cabinet of North Korea.
 Orbit is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering developments and results from the variety of medical disciplines that overlap and converge in the field of orbital disorders: ophthalmology otolaryngology reconstructive and maxillofacial surgery endocrinology radiology radiotherapy and oncology neurology neuro-ophthalmology and neurosurgery pathology and immunology and hematology.
 Weekly Volcano is a weekly entertainment newspaper in the South Puget Sound based in Tacoma Washington. The Weekly Volcano reports on film theater food art and music in the South Sound as well as providing comprehensive arts and music calendars. It also publishes a blog Spew.The newspaper has 670 distribution points from Federal Way to Tumwater reaching more than 92000 readers every Thursday. Founded by publisher Ron Swarner its first issue came out on November 1 2001.
 The Intimidators was the fifteenth novel in the Matt Helm secret agent novel series by Donald Hamilton. It was first published in 1974.
 The Long Winter is a Newbery Honor novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder first published in 1940. The story is set in South Dakota during the severe winter of 1880–1881 when Laura turned fourteen. It is the sixth book in the Little House series.
 SPUR is an independent student newspaper that is distributed to all major university campuses in Adelaide Australia. The first issue was released early in 2012 and the SPUR Magazine website was launched in November 2012. Three print editions were released in 2012 with plans for a monthly schedule in 2013. The website is updated with a new post thrice daily.
 Dragon Eye (龍眼 -ドラゴン・アイ Ryū Gan -Doragon Ai) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kairi Fujiyama. The manga was serialized in Kodansha's manga magazine Monthly Shōnen Sirius. The manga is licensed in North America by Del Rey Manga. Since early 2008 the series has been on hiatus in Japan apparently due to the creator's illness.
 Free Food for Millionaires is a 2007 novel by Korean American writer Min Jin Lee. It was named one of the Top 10 Novels of the Year by The Times a notable novel by the San Francisco Chronicle a New York Times Editor's Choice and was a selection for the Wall Street Journal Juggler Book Club.
 The Black Dahlia (1987) is a neo-noir crime novel by American author James Ellroy taking inspiration from the true story of the murder of Elizabeth Short. It is widely considered to be the book that elevated Ellroy out of typical genre fiction status and with which he started to garner critical attention as a serious writer of literature[citation needed]. The Black Dahlia is the first book in Ellroy's L.A.
 Fancies and Goodnights is a collection of fantasy short stories by John Collier first published by Doubleday Books in hardcover in 1951. A paperback edition followed from Bantam Books in 1953 and it has been repeatedly reprinted over more than five decades most recently in the New York Review Books Classics line with an introduction by Ray Bradbury.
 Sylvie and Bruno first published in 1889 and its 1893 second volume Sylvie and Bruno Concluded form the last novel by Lewis Carroll published during his lifetime. Both volumes were illustrated by Harry Furniss.The novel has two main plots; one set in the real world at the time the book was published (the Victorian era) the other in the fantasy world of Fairyland.
 Där vi en gång gått is a novel written by Finnish author and journalist Kjell Westö published at Otava publishers. Westö won the prestigious Finlandia Prize for it.It is an historical novel set in Helsinki in the period from 1905 until 1944. Among its motifs are the often vain search for happiness love and prosperity.
 The Lost City of the Jedi is the second book of the Jedi Prince series by Paul Davids and Hollace Davids and was released in June 1992. It is preceded by the novel The Glove of Darth Vader and followed by the novel Zorba the Hutt's Revenge.
 The Qapqal News (Xibe: ᠴᠠᠪᠴᠠᠯ ᠰᡝᠷᡣᡞᠨ Möllendorff: Cabcal Serkin; Chinese: 察布查尔报; pinyin: Chábùchá'ěr Bào) is the world's only newspaper in the Xibe language a Tungusic language spoken in northwest China. It is one of roughly fifty minority-language newspapers in the Xinjiang autonomous region of China.
 The Phantom Public is a book published in 1925 by journalist Walter Lippmann in which he expresses his lack of faith in the democratic system arguing that the public exists merely as an illusion myth and inevitably a phantom. As Carl Bybee wrote “For Lippmann the public was a theoretical fiction and government was primarily an administrative problem to be solved as efficiently as possible so that people could get on with their own individualistic pursuits” (48).
 A Quiet Night Thought (Chinese: 靜夜思) or Thinking on a Quiet Night is the title of a famous poem written by the Tang Dynasty poet Li Bai (also Li Bo Li Po).
 Big Comic Superior (ビッグコミックスペリオール Biggu Komikku Superiōru) is a semimonthly seinen manga magazine published since 1987-07-01 by Shogakukan in Japan. Its target audience is somewhere between the audience for Big Comic Original and Big Comic Spirits. Superior was originally a special issue of Big Comic Original published twice monthly on the 1st and 15th.
 [[Category:2010 comic debuts]]Robert E. Howard's Savage Sword is an anthology comic published by Dark Horse Comics showcasing the exploits of Howard's heroes in new adventures and restored reprints of classic tales. All contents are based on or inspired by the works of Robert E. Howard.
 The Firesign Theatre's Big Book Of Plays is a collection of transcriptions written by The Firesign Theatre for the title tracks of each of their first four albums. The book also contains some introductory material that is serious as well a few pieces that parody introductory material. Photos of the group-- childhood photos casual snapshots and full-costume publicity shots vaguely related to the written material-- are included. The book concludes with Lt.
 Follett's Modern American Usage is the book published with the title Modern American Usage which was left in draft form and unfinished by Wilson Follett at his death. It was completed and edited by his friend Jacques Barzun in collaboration with six other editors. It is a usage guide for contemporary American English. Modern American Usage covers issues of usage prose composition and style including English grammar syntax and literary techniques.
 The Phoenix Guards is the first novel in the Khaavren Romances a fantasy series by Steven Brust set in the fictional world of Dragaera. The novel is heavily influenced by the d'Artagnan Romances written by Alexandre Dumas. Brust describes the book as a blatant ripoff of The Three Musketeers.
 The Keys to the Street is a crime novel by British writer Ruth Rendell from 1996.
 Swamp is a comic strip created by Australian Gary Clark. It was first published in 1981 in the Sunshine Coast Daily. According to Clark the inspiration and model for this strip was the creeks and lagoons in a bushy suburban Brisbane where he grew up in the 1960s.
 The Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report is a weekly epidemiological digest for the United States published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). It is the main vehicle for publishing public health information and recommendations that have been received by the CDC from state health departments. Material published in the report is in the public domain and may be reprinted without permission.
 The Beauty Myth: How Images of Beauty Are Used Against Women is a nonfiction book by Naomi Wolf published in 1991 by William Morrow and Company. It was republished in 2002 by HarperPerennial with a new introduction by Wolf. The basic premise of The Beauty Myth is that as women have gained increased social power and prominence expected adherence to standards of physical beauty has grown stronger for women.
 Rajakesari (Tamil:இராஜகேசரி) meaning a lion among Kings is a Tamil language historical novel written by Gokul Seshadri. Though it is a work of fiction it is based on extensive historic research and delves deep into various socio-cultural aspects of ancient Tamil Nadu. Rajakesari was followed by Cherar Kottai in 2012 by the same author.
 The Eleventh Hour: A Curious Mystery (1988) is an illustrated children's book by Graeme Base. In it Horace the Elephant holds a party for his eleventh birthday to which he invites his ten best friends (various animals) to play eleven games and share in a feast that he has prepared. However at the time they are to eat—11:00—they are startled to find that someone has already eaten all the food. They accuse each other until finally they're left puzzled as to who could have eaten it all.
 Old School is a novel by Tobias Wolff. It was first published on November 4 2003 after three portions of the novel had appeared in The New Yorker as short stories.
 Ask Me No Questions is a novel by Marina Budhos published by Scholastic in 2007. It covers the trials and turmoil a family of Bangladeshi immigrants face after the September 11th attacks.Marina Budhos is an award winning author for early learning and women's struggles.
 Ethnohistory is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1954 and published quarterly by Duke University Press on behalf of the American Society for Ethnohistory. It publishes articles and reviews in the fields of ethnohistory historical anthropology and social and cultural history. Like its sponsoring professional society Ethnohistory has represented a meeting ground between scholars in the disciplines of history and anthropology.
 Rivers of London (Midnight Riot in the US) is the first novel in the series of the same name by English author Ben Aaronovitch. The novel was released on 10 January 2011 through Gollancz and was well received by critics earning a Galaxy National Book Awards nomination for Aaronovitch in the New Writer of the Year award.
 E for Ecstasy is a book written by Nicholas Saunders and published in May 1993. Available freely online it describes in detail the psychoactive substance MDMA also known as ecstasy the people that use it and the law concerning it all enhanced through the backdrop of the author's personal experience. Subsequent revised versions were renamed Ecstasy and the Dance Culture (1995) and Ecstasy Reconsidered (1997).
 The Washingtonian is a monthly magazine distributed in the Washington D.C. area since 1965. The magazine describes itself as The Magazine Washington Lives By. The magazine's core focuses are local feature journalism guide book–style articles real estate and politics.
 The Sisters is a short story by James Joyce the first of a series of short stories called Dubliners. The Irish Homestead Journal originally published The Sisters on 13 August 1904. It was Joyce's first published work of fiction. Joyce later revised the story and had it along with the rest of the series published in book form in 1914.
 Correio is a Portuguese-language newspaper published in Luxembourg. It is published by Editpress.
 The Kelly Gang; or the Career of the Outlaw Ned Kelly the Ironclad Bushranger of Australia is an 1899 Australian play about bushranger Ned Kelly.
 Kaze Hikaru (Japanese: 風光る lit. Shining Wind) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Taeko Watanabe. Set in the bakumatsu period the series follows Tominaga Sei a young girl who poses as a boy named Kamiya Seizaburo so she can join the Mibu-Roshi (Special Police; later known as the Shinsengumi). She befriends her sensei Okita Sōji who discovers her secret.The series has been published in Japan by Shogakukan since 1997.
 Ibis subtitled the International Journal of Avian Science is the peer-reviewed scientific journal of the British Ornithologists' Union. Topics covered include ecology conservation behaviour palaeontology and taxonomy of birds. The editor-in-chief is Paul F. Donald. The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell in print and online. It is available free on the internet for institutions in the developing world through the OARE scheme (Online Access to Research in the Environment).
 Dugout to Foxhole: Interviews with Baseball Players Whose Careers Were Affected by World War II is a 1994 book written by Rick Van Blair. The book has been cited as a reference source for other baseball books.
 Hamshahri (Persian: همشهری‎ ′Fellow citizen′) is a major national Iranian Persian-language newspaper.
 The Journal of Epidemiology and Biostatistics is a peer reviewed journal for epidemiological and biostatistical studies. It is published by Martin Dunitz Ltd part of Taylor & Francis Group. It covers Biology Mathematics and Statistics and Public Health. In 2002 the title was changed to Journal of Cancer Epidemiology and Prevention.
 My Sad Republic is a 2000 Philippine English-language novel written by Filipino novelist Eric Gamalinda. The novel won for Gamalinda a Philippine Centennial Literary Prize in 1998. The 392-page novel was published by the Philippine Centennial Commission the University of the Philippines Press and the UP Creative Writing Center. My Sad Republic is the fourth novel written by Gamalinda.
 London Calling is a novel written by Scottish writer Sara Sheridan. The book was first published by Polygon Books in 2013 and is the second in the series of the Mirabelle Bevan mysteries. It is set in 1952 London and centers around the jazz scene of the time. The novel follows Brighton Belle in the series.
 Homo Faber (German: Homo faber. Ein Bericht) is a novel by Max Frisch first published in Germany in 1957. The first English edition was published in England in 1959. The novel is written as a first-person narrative. The protagonist Walter Faber is a successful engineer traveling throughout Europe and the Americas on behalf of UNESCO. His world view based on logic probability and technology is challenged when he falls victim to a series of incredible coincidences.
 Crossing Brooklyn Ferry is a poem by Walt Whitman and is part of his collection Leaves of Grass. It describes the ferry trip across the East River from Manhattan to Brooklyn at the exact location that was to become the Brooklyn Bridge.The speaker begins half an hour before sunset and continues into the evening with a description comparing the tides to the attraction of New York City.
 There is a Tide redirects here. There is a Tide is also the name of a short story by Larry Niven set in the Known Space universe.Taken at the Flood is a work of detective fiction by British writer Agatha Christie first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in March 1948 under the title of There is a Tide... and in UK by the Collins Crime Club in the November of the same year under Christie's original title.
 Art in America is an illustrated monthly international magazine concentrating on the contemporary art world in the United States including profiles of artists and genres updates about art movements show reviews and event schedules. It is designed for collectors artists art dealers art professionals and other consumers who are interested in all aspects of the artworld.
 The Marine Ecology Progress Series is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers all aspects of marine ecology.
 Nowaki (野分 Nowaki) is a short Japanese novel by Natsume Sōseki (1867-1916). Written in 1907 the novel was published in the magazine Hototogisu in January. The year 1907 was a turning point in the author’s life when he left his Tokyo University teaching position to write full-time for the daily Asahi Shimbun. He also serialized the novel Gubijinsō (虞美人草) the same year.
 Die Abenteuer des Werner Holt (The Adventures of Werner Holt) is a novel in two parts by East German author Dieter Noll. The first volume was released at 1960 and the second in 1963. Noll won the National Prize of East Germany for the book and it sold some two million copies. The novel was incorporated into the country's school curriculum and was adapted to screen at 1965.
 Sixty Years of Arkham House is a bibliography of books published from 1939 to 1999 under the imprints of Arkham House Mycroft & Moran and Stanton & Lee. It was released in 1999 by Arkham House in an edition of approximately 3500 copies. The book updates Thirty Years of Arkham House 1939-1969: A History and Bibliography adding extensive biographical and bibliographical notes.
 The Review of Economics of the Household is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2001 by Shoshana Grossbard and first published in 2003. It covers research on household economics including empirical and theoretical research on the economic behavior and decision-making processes of single and multi-person households.
 All Winners Comics was the name of two American comic book series of the 1940s both published by Marvel Comics' predecessor Timely Comics during the period fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books. A superhero anthology comic in both cases they variously featured such star characters as Captain America the original Human Torch and the Sub-Mariner.
 Halo: Silentium is a science fiction novel by Greg Bear set in the universe of the Halo video game series. The book was released on March 19 2013 as a hardcover e-book and audiobook and is the twelfth Halo novel following 2012's Halo: The Thursday War. Silentium is the last in the Forerunner trilogy. The story concludes the efforts of the Ur-Didact and the Librarian to stop the Flood from destroying the universe.
 Scouting for Boys: A Handbook for Instruction in Good Citizenship is the first book on the Scout Movement published in 1908. It was written and illustrated by Robert Baden-Powell its founder. It is based on his boyhood experiences his experience with the Mafeking Cadet Corps during the Second Boer War at the Siege of Mafeking and on his experimental camp on Brownsea Island England.
 Common Sense on Mutual Funds: New Imperatives for the Intelligent Investor is a book written by John Bogle. Since its release it has received high accolades in the investment community. It has become a best seller and is considered a classic. ConsumerAffairs.com rated it on its 15 Business Books That Could Actually Help Make You Rich list.
 Mr. Popper's Penguins is a children's book written by Richard and Florence Atwater originally published in 1938. It tells the story of a poor house painter named Mr. Popper and his family who live in the small town of Stillwater in the 1930s. The Poppers unexpectedly come into possession of a penguin Captain Cook. The Poppers then receive a female penguin from the zoo who mates with Captain Cook to have 10 baby penguins.
 The Journal of Graph Theory is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal specializing in graph theory and related areas such as structural results about graphs graph algorithms with theoretical emphasis and discrete optimization on graphs. The scope of the journal also includes related areas in combinatorics and the interaction of graph theory with other mathematical sciences. It is published by John Wiley & Sons. The journal was established in 1977 by Frank Harary.
 Galax-Arena by Gillian Rubinstein is a 1995 science fiction novel following 3 children who are kidnapped by aliens. It deals with issues of slavery what we know versus what we believe to be true the difference between children and adults street people (children) and spirituality to an extent.A sequel Terra-Farma was also published.
 Garo (ガロ) was a monthly manga anthology magazine in Japan founded in 1964 by Katsuichi Nagai. It specialized in alternative and avant-garde manga.
 Der Auftrag (English: The Assignment subtitled Or on the Observing of the Observer of the Observers) is a 1986 novella by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt. The first English publication appeared in 1988 translated by Joel Agee. The experimental narrative is divided into twenty-four parts each one a single sentence spanning many pages.
 The Turning is a collection of short stories by acclaimed Australian author Tim Winton. It was published in April 2005 by Picador. Many of the 17 short stories included interweave in their respective narratives creating an intriguing and twisting central plot-line that generally centers around protagonist Vic Lang. Several recurring themes characterise the book including sentimentality regret companionship and drugs.
 Bicycling is a cycling brand published by Rodale Inc. in Emmaus Pennsylvania. Bicycling magazine is the world’s largest cycling magazine and No. 1 source of information for cyclists.
 Verukal (English: Roots) is a Malayalam semi-autobiographical novel written by Malayattoor Ramakrishnan in 1966. It is widely credited as one of his best works. It won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award in 1967.
 Darkwitch Rising is the third book in the Troy Game series by Sara Douglass.
 Old Rose and Silver is a novel by Myrtle Reed first published in 1909.
 Popular Communications is a magazine with content relating to the radio hobby including scanners shortwave radio CB amateur radio AM and FM broadcast band listening radio history and vintage radio restoration.
 A Song for Summer is a romance novel by British author Eva Ibbotson first published in 1997. Eva Ibbotson is possibly best known as an award-winning and prolific author of children's books but she also wrote many beloved romance novels for the adult market of which A Song for Summer was the last. This novel and four others (A Countess Below Stairs A Company of Swans The Reluctant Heiress and The Morning Gift) were reissued between 2007 and 2009 for the young adult market.
 Selected Poems 1965–1975 is a poetry collection by Seamus Heaney who received the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature. It was published in 1980 by Faber and Faber (and published in the United States as Poems 1965–1975 by Farrar Straus and Giroux 1981). It includes selections from Heaney's first four volumes of verse:Death of a Naturalist (1966)Door into the Dark (1969)Wintering Out (1972)North (1975)
 The Static-X Guitar Anthology released October 1 2004 is a book by the Evil Disco band Static-X. The book is filled with guitar tabs from 16 songs from the albums Wisconsin Death Trip Machine and Shadow Zone.
 Cop in the Hood: My Year Policing Baltimore's Eastern District is a 2008 book written by former Baltimore Police Department police officer Peter Moskos describing a year spent as a police officer in Baltimore's Eastern District.
 Annalen der Physik (English: Annals of Physics) is one of the oldest scientific journals on physics and has been published since 1799. The journal publishes original peer-reviewed papers in the areas of experimental theoretical applied and mathematical physics and related areas. The current editor-in-chief is Guido W. Fuchs.The journal is the successor to Journal der Physik published from 1790 until 1794 and Neues Journal der Physik published from 1795 until 1797.
 The Sundowners novels are a series of Western fiction novels with a steampunk twist by author James Swallow.Set in the Old West of the late 1880s the novels follow the adventures of gunslinger Gabriel Tyler and Native American shaman Jonathan Fivehawk as they fight the plans of Robur Drache an insane genius in the thrall of an ancient evil known as The Faceless.
 Lord of the Fantastic is a festschrift or an anthology that memorializes someone's art usually written by colleagues. Subtitled Stories in Honor of Roger Zelazny. The title Lord of the Fantastic is both a play off his novel Lord of Light and yet another homage. Many authors and friends of Roger's came together in this book; it also includes personal comments by many of the contributors.
 Arena is a science fiction short story by Fredric Brown that was first published in the June 1944 issue of [Astounding] magazine.
 Självklart Sune (Swedish: Of course Sune ) is a novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1986 it tells the story of Sune Andersson.
 The Sect of the Phoenix (original Spanish title: La secta del Fénix) is a short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges first published in Sur in 1952. It was included in the 1956 edition of Ficciones part two (Artifices). The title has also been translated as The Cult of the Phoenix.
 Lords of the Psychon is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Daniel F. Galouye published in April 1963 by Bantam Books. The Library of Congress Catalog Card Number is 63009177. Daniel Galouye wrote this story in 1963. It was his second novel following the successful Dark Universe and reflects his interest in worlds where one's perception of reality is the key factor affecting that reality and the most important element of it.
 The Journal for the Study of the Old Testament is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of biblical studies. The journal's editors-in-chief are John Jarick (University of Oxford) and Yvonne Sherwood (University of Glasgow). It was established in 1976 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Genius and the Goddess (1955) is a novel by Aldous Huxley. It was published by Chatto & Windus in the UK and by Harper & Row in the US. It is the fictional account of John Rivers a student physicist in the 1920s who was hired out of college as a laboratory assistant to Henry Maartens.
 Super Soldiers was a comic book published by the Marvel UK imprint of Marvel Comics in 1993. Part of the shared Marvel Universe setting it centered around a team of superhuman British soldiers with some plot aspects drawing on the background of Marvel's successful Captain America character.
 Scar Tissue is the autobiography of Red Hot Chili Peppers vocalist Anthony Kiedis. It was released in 2004 by Hyperion and authored by Kiedis with Larry Sloman who compiled information and interviewed various parties associated with the plot line. The story follows Kiedis from his birth in 1962 to the (then) present day of early 2004. It follows Kiedis into the depth of his experiences with drug addiction.
 City of a Thousand Suns is a 1965 science fantasy novel by Samuel R. Delany and is the final novel in the Fall of the Towers trilogy.As in the other two books the setting is the post-apocalyptic empire of Toromon confined by a surrounding Barrier of highly-radioactive land and inhabited by mutant/evolved forest people (some of whom are telepaths) and devolved neanderthals as well as normal humans. The events of the book focus on a claimed war.
 Inside Front was an anarchist/ hardcore punk magazine published from January 1994 to 2003. It was the first project to come from the CrimethInc Ex-Workers' Collective a decentralized anarchist publisher operating anonymously in the United States.
 The White Pearl is a 2012 novel by Kate Furnivall set during the Japanese occupation of Malaya in the early 1940s. The White Pearl's initially takes place on a rubber plantation later moving onto the yacht from which the novel takes its name.
 Vertebrate Palaeontology is a basic textbook on vertebrate paleontology by Michael J. Benton published by Blackwell's. It has so far appeared in three editions published in 1990 1997 and 2005. It is designed for paleontology graduate courses in biology and geology as well as for the interested layman.The book is widely used and has received excellent reviews: This book is a ′must′ for a biology or geology student and researcher concerned by palaeontology.
 New Writings in SF 6 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the sixth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1965 followed by a paperback edition by Corgi in 1966 and an American paperback edition by Bantam Books in March 1971.The book collects seven novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 The Grandmothers: Four Short Novels is collection of four short stories published in 2003 by 2007 Nobel laureate Doris Lessing.
 Current Gene Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Bentham Science Publishers. The editor-in-chief is Ignacio Anegon (INSERM UMR 1064 Nantes France). The focus of this journal is pre-clinical or clinical research on gene therapy. Formats of publication include original research reports review papers and rapid communications (letters).
 Smoky Mountain Times is a weekly newspaper based in Bryson City North Carolina which is published on Thursdays and has served the people of Swain County North Carolina since 1883.
 It's Even Worse Than It Looks: How the American Constitutional System Collided With the New Politics of Extremism is a 2012 book of political analysis by Thomas E. Mann of the Brookings Institution and Norman J. Ornstein of the American Enterprise Institute published by Basic Books. The authors state that the current U.S.
 The Sigma Protocol is the last novel written completely by Robert Ludlum and was published posthumously. It is the story of the son of a Holocaust survivor who gets entangled in an international conspiracy by industrialists and financiers to take advantage of wartime technology.
 Manga: The Complete Guide is a 2007 encyclopedia written by Jason Thompson and published by Del Rey which provides basic details and short reviews of over 1000 Japanese manga titles that have been translated and released in English in North America. Though Thompson is listed as the author on the cover some titles' entries were initially written by other reviewers which Thompson later edited.
 Of Love and Evil is the second novel by American author Anne Rice in her Songs of the Seraphim series which tells the story of Toby O'Dare an assassin with a tragic past. The book received a 2011 Christianity Today Book Award.
 American Literature is a literary journal published by Duke University Press. It is sponsored by the American Literature Section of the Modern Language Association (of America) known as the MLA. The current editor is Priscilla Wald. The first volume of this journal was published in March 1929.Coverage includes the contributions and works of American authors. Temporal coverage is from the colonial period until present day.
 MedLabNews is a UK quarterly science magazine aimed at scientists and science professionals. It made its first release in April 2008 and like its sister magazine Laboratory News the magazine covers aspects of scientific discovery and advances in the laboratory sector. However MedLabNews also focuses closer on the medical clinical and diagnostic fields of science.MedLabNews has three websites associated with the publication.
 Pragati: The Indian National Interest Review is a publication on strategic affairs economic policy and governance. It is published by the Indian National Interest.It advocates economic freedom political realism an open society a culture of tolerance and good governance. The first issue was published in April 2007. The publication's community edition is available for download free of charge.
 All the Way is a play by Robert Schenkkan that depicts President Lyndon B. Johnson's efforts to maneuver members of the 88th United States Congress to enact and civil rights leaders including Martin Luther King Jr. to support the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The play takes its name from Johnson's 1964 campaign slogan All the Way with LBJ.
 Chander Pahar (Bengali: চাঁদের পাহাড় English: Mountain of the Moon) is a Bengali novel written by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay in 1937. Chronicling the adventures of a Bengali boy in the forests of Africa it is considered to be one of the most important adventure novels written in the Bengali language.
 The International Journal of Mormon Studies (IJMS) is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal of Mormon studies especially International Mormon studies that was established in 2008 as the British Journal of Mormon Studies before obtaining its current title later in 2009. Its 2008 volume was renamed the IJMS retroactively.
 Free as in Freedom: Richard Stallman's Crusade for Free Software (ISBN 0-596-00287-4) is a free book licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License about the life of Richard Stallman written by Sam Williams and published by O'Reilly Media on March 1 2002.Williams conducted several interviews with Stallman during the writing of the book as well as with classmates colleagues of Stallman and his mother. The book has received positive reviews.
 The Seattle Weekly is a freely distributed newspaper in Seattle Washington United States. It was founded by Darrell Oldham and David Brewster as The Weekly. Its first issue came out on March 31 1976.
 The Crucible of Time is a fix-up science fiction novel by John Brunner. It was first published in 1983.
 The Little Bears was an American comic strip created by Jimmy Swinnerton which has a place in the history of comics as probably the first American strip with recurring characters – the titular bears. The feature debuted in 1892 in the San Francisco Examiner and ran through 1896.
 Blood Games is a 1992 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon.
 NO EXCUSES: 9 Ways Women Can Change How We Think about Power is a nonfiction book by women's rights advocate feminist and speaker Gloria Feldt released by Seal Press in September 2010.
 Made in U.S.A. is a novel by the American writer Alfred Kern.The story is set in the 1960s in Braden Pennsylvania a fictional mill town north of Pittsburgh. Protagonist Steve Hamner is a successful trade unionist for the fictional United Ore and Metal Workers AFL-CIO. He meets Paula Montefiore a displaced intellectual from a Kafkaesque Eastern Europe who is seeking to make a new life in the United States. The two characters confront each other about the meaning of the American dream.
 Arturo's Island (Italian: L'isola di Arturo) is a novel by Italian author Elsa Morante. Published in 1957 it won the Premio Strega.
 Blood on the Moon (1984) is a crime novel by James Ellroy. It is the first installment of the Lloyd Hopkins Trilogy. It was followed by Because the Night (1984) and Suicide Hill (1985). Although the novels are written in multiple perspectives and narrated omnisciently the main character in all three is Lloyd Hopkins.
 Wounded Man (傷追い人 Kizuoibito) is a Japanese seinen manga written by Kazuo Koike and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. It was serialized in Big Comic Spirits from 1982 to 1986.The manga was adapted into a 5-episode original video animation called Kizuoibito by Magic Bus. Directed by Toshio Takeuchi it premiered on July 5 1986
 The Rider News is the weekly independent student newspaper of Rider University in Lawrenceville New Jersey. It is published once a week from September to May during the academic term. Founded in 1930 the paper serves the entire Rider community and is staffed solely by Rider students with the paper's senior staff composed of undergraduates exclusively. The paper is free on campus and online.
 The Catcher in the Rye is a 1951 novel by J. D. Salinger. Originally published for adults it has since become popular with adolescent readers for its themes of teenage angst and alienation. It has been translated into almost all of the world's major languages.Around 250000 copies are sold each year with total sales of more than 65 million books.
 Medium Raw: A Bloody Valentine to the World of Food and the People Who Cook is a memoir by Anthony Bourdain and the follow-up to Bourdain's bestselling Kitchen Confidential. Medium Raw addresses Bourdain's rise to stardom following the success of Kitchen Confidential.
 Finity's End is a science fiction novel written by the American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It is one of Cherryh's Merchanter novels set in her Alliance-Union universe in which humanity has split into three major power blocs: Union the Merchanter's Alliance and Earth. Finity's End was shortlisted for a Locus Award in 1998.
 Grok Magazine is an Australian student magazine. It is written and produced by Curtin University students and published by the Curtin Student Guild. 2009 will see 5 issues published and approximately 10000 copies distributed per issue.
 Next What's In is a management and self-help book written by Santosh Sharma and published by CAS Research Wing in 2010.
 Maila Aanchal (Hindi: मैला आँचल; English: The Soiled Border) is a 1954 Hindi novel written by Phanishwar Nath Renu. After Premchand's Godan 'Maila Anchal' is regarded as the most significant Hindi novel in the Hindi literary tradition. It is one the greatest examples of Anchalik Upanyas (regional novel) in Hindi.
 Voici is a French weekly celebrity women's magazine and tabloid published by Prisma Presse (Bertelsmann group). It was founded in 1987 and believes television reality shows in 2002 boosted circulation to 12.4 million copies per month (93% newsstand sales). It claims the title of best selling French celebrity magazine and second or third most widely read French women's magazine. It includes beauty fashion health society and entertainment sections.
 Watchmensch is a one-shot comic book released by Brain Scan Studios which parodies the Watchmen limited series created by writer Alan Moore artist Dave Gibbons and colorist John Higgins.
 The Calgary Herald is a Canadian daily newspaper published in Calgary Alberta Canada. The paper was first published in 1883 as The Calgary Herald Mining and Ranche Advocate and General Advertiser. The newspaper is currently owned by the Postmedia Network.
 Splinter of the Mind's Eye is a 1978 science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. It takes place between Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope and Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back.
 Bone Dance is a fantasy novel written by Emma Bull and published in 1991. It was nominated for the Hugo and World Fantasy Awards.
 Il Tirreno is a regional Italian newspaper printed in Livorno and published in Tuscany. Il Tirreno also features sixteen local editions around the whole region.It was founded in 1877 under the name Il Telegrafo with a moderate centrist political line. During the fascist regime it was owned by the Ciano family. Following the Liberation it was replaced in 1945 by Il Tirreno and switched to a left-wing policy.
 A Burning in Homeland is the first novel by Richard Yancey. Published in 2003 by Simon & Schuster it uses three characters to tell a story of a murder in a small town following a parsonage fire.
 Introduction to Automata Theory Languages and Computation is an influential computer science textbook by John Hopcroft and Jeffrey Ullman on formal languages and the theory of computation.
 Dating Hamlet is a novel written by Lisa Fiedler first published in 2002.
 Patience and Sarah is a 1969 historical fiction novel with strong lesbian themes by Alma Routsong using the pen name Isabel Miller. It was originally self-published under the title A Place For Us and eventually found a publisher as Patience and Sarah in 1971.Routsong's novel is based on a real-life painter named Mary Ann Willson who lived with her companion Miss Brundage as a farmerette in the early 19th century in Greene County New York.
 Dragon and Thief is a science fiction/adventure novel published in 2003 by Timothy Zahn. It is the first of a six-part series concluded in 2008 following the adventures of a reformed juvenile thief alongside a draconoid 'symbiont'.
 Linux Journal is a monthly technology magazine published by Belltown Media Inc. (Houston Texas). It focuses specifically on Linux allowing the content to be a highly specialized source of information for open source enthusiasts.
 Buryad Unen (Buryat: Буряад үнэн The Buryat Truth) is the main newspaper in the Buryat language published in Ulan-Ude. It was founded in 1921 in Chita with the designation of «Бурят-Монголой үнэн» (Buryat-Mongol Truth). It assumed the current name in 1958. In the 1970s it was published six times a week with a circulation of approximately 6500.
 The Devil in Love (French: Le Diable amoureux 1772) is an occult romance by Jacques Cazotte which tells of a demon or devil who falls in love with Alvaro an amateur human dabbler and attempts in the guise of a young woman to win his affections.French critic P.G.
 Contemporary Accounting Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on all aspects of accounting's role within organizations markets or society.
 National Velvet is a novel by Enid Bagnold (1889–1981) first published in 1935.
 Intellectuals and Society is a non-ficiton book by Thomas Sowell. The book was initially published on January 5 2010 by Basic Books.Intellectuals are defined as idea workers that exercise profound influence on policy makers and public opinion but are often not directly accountable for the results.
 Last of the Red Hot Lovers is a comedy by Neil Simon. It premiered on Broadway in 1969.
 Class A is the second book in the CHERUB series of books written by Robert Muchamore.It continues the story of teenager James Adams and his fellow CHERUB agents as they try to bring down a feared drug gang led by Keith Moore. The book was originally to be called Drugs Cars and Guns but this was changed so as to sound appropriate for children. It received generally good reviews although not as many awards as its predecessor The Recruit.
 Last Flight is a book published in 1937 consisting of diary entries and other notes compiled by aviation pioneer Amelia Earhart during her failed attempt that year at flying solo across the Pacific Ocean.
 The White Review is a London-based magazine on literature and the visual arts. It is published in print and online.
 Lullabies for Little Criminals is a 2006 novel by Heather O'Neill.The book was chosen for inclusion in the 2007 edition of Canada Reads where it was championed by musician John K. Samson. Lullabies for Little Criminals won the competition.
 Physica is a Dutch series of peer-reviewed scientific journals of physics by Elsevier. It was founded in 1934 as a single journal entitled Physica and was split in a three-part series in 1975 (Physica A Physica B Physica C). Physica D was created in 1980 and Physica E in 1998. It was published in Utrecht until 2007 and is now published in Amsterdam by Elsevier.
 Kachō Kōsaku Shima (課長島耕作 Kachō Shima Kōsaku) lit. Section Chief Kōsaku Shima is the first in a number of Japanese manga series by Kenshi Hirokane about a fictional salaryman named Kōsaku Shima. The series ran from 1983-1992 under this title winning the 1991 Kodansha Manga Award in the General category. It depicts the life of a salaryman a Japanese white-collar worker who devotes his life to his company.
 Bright Lights Film Journal is an online popular-academic film magazine with a left-leaning critical orientation based in Oakland California United States. It is edited and published by Gary Morris.Originally a print publication established in 1974 it was discontinued in 1980 to be restarted and re-discontinued in 1993 and 1995 respectively. The magazine moved to online publishing exclusively in 1996 and has continued publication ever since.
 Love Creeps (2005) is the third novel by American writer Amanda Filipacchi. It was translated into French Italian Dutch Russian Polish and Korean. It tackles issues of love desire obsession and addiction.
 A Whole New Mind: Why Right-brainers Will Rule the Future is a book by Daniel H. Pink author of Free Agent Nation. A Whole New Mind posits that the future of global business belongs to the right-brainers. The book was published by Riverhead Books on March 24 2005.
 Kotoura-san (琴浦さん) is a Japanese romantic comedy yonkoma manga series written by Enokizu. The series began serialization in Micro Magazine's Manga Goccha web magazine from October 14 2010. A television anime adaptation by AIC Classic aired from January 11 to March 29 2013.
 Hot Doc is a Greek news magazine launched in April 2012 by its owner and editor Kostas Vaxevanis. In October 2012 it published a special issue containing a list of names claimed to be the contents of the Lagarde list. On October 28 2012 Vaxevanis was arrested in relation to its publication. Vaxevanis' trial began on 1 November and ended the same day with an acquittal.
 The Life You Save May Be Your Own is a short story by the American author Flannery O'Connor. It is one of the ten stories in her short story collection A Good Man Is Hard to Find published in 1955.
 The Journal of Human Values is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by SAGE publications. The journal publishes articles exploring the relevance of human values human values at the organizational level and the culture-specificity of human values. In addition to articles the Journal of Human Values publishes book reviews.
 In Abraham's Bosom is a play by American dramatist Paul Green. Its original Broadway run starred Charles Sidney Gilpin as an African-American farmer from North Carolina whose efforts at self-improvement are thwarted by segregation. Green received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the work in 1927. The play was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1926-1927.
 Nine From Aberdeen published in June 2012 is the first[citation needed] academic military history solely devoted to the U.S. Army Ordnance Bomb Disposal service. These soldiers were the World War II forerunners of today's Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) branch. Written by Jeffrey M. Leatherwood this 380-page book includes an afterword from retired EOD Command Sergeant Major James H.
 The Shining is a horror novel by American author Stephen King. Published in 1977 it is King's third published novel and first hardback bestseller and the success of the book firmly established King as a preeminent author in the horror genre. The setting and characters are influenced by King's personal experiences including both his visit to The Stanley Hotel in 1974 and his recovery from alcoholism.
 Churchill Hitler and the Unnecessary War: How Britain Lost Its Empire and the West Lost the World is a book by Pat Buchanan published in May 2008.
 The Drawing of the Dark is a historical fantasy novel by Tim Powers published in 1979 by Del Rey Books.
 Critical Inquiry is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the humanities published by the University of Chicago Press. It was established in 1974 by Wayne Booth Arthur Heiserman and Sheldon Sacks and the current editor-in-chief is W. J. T. Mitchell.
 A Murder of Quality is the second novel by John le Carré. It follows George Smiley the most famous of le Carré's recurring characters in his only book set outside the espionage community.
 Selected Manifestations: Being an Unofficial Collection of Temple Dedicatory Prayers Revelations Visions Dreams Doctrinal Expositions & Other Inspired Declarations Not Presently Included in the Official Canon of Scriptures Known as the Four Standard Works of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is a 413-page book self-published in 1985 by David M. and Vonda S. Reay.
 Charlie Peace is the controversial comic novel by British writer Paul Pickering. It was published in the United States by Random House but not in the United Kingdom because of fears of Christian blasphemy prosecutions against the background of The Satanic Verses controversy
 Pecos Bill is an Italian comic book series created by Guido Martina and Raffaele Paparella.
 The Feast of the Innocents is a 2003 English-language novel written by award-winning Filipino author Azucena Grajo Uranza. Set during the Philippines' post-People Power period Feast of the Innocents is chronologically the fourth part of Uranza’s literary saga after the Women of Tammuz.
 Hundred Flowers was an underground newspaper published in Minneapolis Minnesota from April 17 1970 to April 4 1972. It was produced by a communal collective with the main instigator being antiwar activist and former Smith College drama instructor Ed Felien.
 Ray Lynch Anthology is a compilation of sheet music for piano featuring selected pieces from four of Ray Lynch's five albums; Nothing Above My Shoulders but the Evening Deep Breakfast No Blue Thing and The Sky of Mind. The book features a short interview with Ray Lynch and presents each piece in standard notation for both hands.
 Underworld Unleashed was a multi-title comic book cross-over event released by DC Comics in 1995.
 Found is a young adult science fiction novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix. It is the first book in The Missing series. It was published April 22 2008.
 The Bryologist is a peer reviewed scientific journal specializing in bryology. It is published quarterly by the American Bryological and Lichenological Society (ABLS). It began as a department of the Fern Bulletin devoted to the study of North American mosses. Its first editor was Dr. A.J. Grout who intended the bulletin to be enabling any one at all interested in mosses to get some knowledge of these plants without excessive labor or expense ...
 Freedom’s Rein (2008 self-published) is the autobiography of American thoroughbred horseracing jockey Shane Sellers co-authored by Tricia Psarreas. It chronicles his life before and during his 26-year-long career and also exposes the increasing problem of eating disorders among jockeys a problem he has tried to get the racing industry to confront for many years.
 The Alpine Path is an autobiography of Lucy Maud Montgomery. Originally published as series of autobiographical essay in the Toronto magazine Everywoman's World from June to November in 1917 and later separately published in 1974.
 Spike Milligan's third volume of war autobiography Monty: His Part in My Victory (with Jack Hobbs) runs to only about 90 pages of text. It recounts a period when the Nazis have been defeated in Africa and Milligan is not fighting. The book mostly describes Milligan's activities on leave playing in a band and minor adventures and tribulations while on duty.
 The Asheville Citizen-Times is the major daily newspaper of Asheville North Carolina. It was formed in 1991 as a result of a merger of the morning Asheville Citizen and the afternoon Asheville Times. It is owned by Gannett.Founded in 1870 as a weekly the Citizen became a daily newspaper in 1885. Writers Thomas Wolfe O. Henry both buried in Asheville and F. Scott Fitzgerald a common visitor of Asheville frequently could be found in the newsroom in earlier days.
 Black Dogs is a 1992 novel by the British author Ian McEwan. It concerns the aftermath of the Nazi era in Europe and how the fall of the Berlin Wall in the late 1980s affected those who once saw Communism as a way forward for society. The main characters travel to France where they encounter disturbing residues of Nazism still at large in the French countryside.The novel was well-regarded by critics.
 Nezavisne novine (English: Independent Newspaper) is a daily newspaper based in Banja Luka Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vampire of the Mists is the first novel in the Ravenloft books gothic horror series. Written by Christie Golden it is set both in Waterdeep a city in the Forgotten Realms world of Dungeons & Dragons and more prominently the Demiplane of Dread location of the Ravenloft campaign setting.
 A Maggot (1985) is a novel by British author John Fowles. It is Fowles' sixth major novel following The Collector The Magus The French Lieutenant's Woman Daniel Martin and Mantissa. Its title as the author explains in the prologue is taken from the archaic sense of the word that means whim quirk obsession or even a snatch of music (see earworm).
 Man Eating Bugs: The Art and Science of Eating Insects is a non-fiction book by Peter Menzel and Faith D'Alusio.
 Holy Wood is an unpublished novel by Marilyn Manson written between 1999 and 2000 (although Manson has claimed to have been writing selections since 1995). Initially envisioned as a companion piece to the album Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death) it remained unreleased after a series of delays alleged by Manson to have been caused by a publishing war.
 Lord Kelvin's Machine is a science fiction novel by author James P. Blaylock. It was released in 1992 by Arkham House in an edition of 4015 copies. It was the author's first book published by Arkham House. The novel is the third in Blaylock's Steampunk series following The Digging Leviathan (1984) and Homunculus (1986). A substantially different novelette version first appeared in the Mid-December 1985 issue of Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine.
 Akazukin Chacha (赤ずきんチャチャ or Red Riding Hood Chacha) is a shōjo manga series by Min Ayahana. It was serialized by Shueisha in the manga magazine Ribon from 1991 and 2000 and collected in 13 bound volumes.
 Air Apparent is the thirty-first book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony which was first mentioned in the Author's Note in Currant Events. Piers Anthony stated that notions from his readers have already been set aside for use in this installment in the same Author's Note.
 Hearty magazine hearty (written in lower case) is a Canadian online magazine that focuses on emerging culture fashion music and art. Previous features include Florence and the Machine Rye Rye YACHT photographer Tim Barber Nina Sky Flying Lotus Vivian Girls producer 88-Keys Emily Haines and Ray Mate.In 2010 hearty collaborated with designer Jeff Staple on a sticker and singer Mayer Hawthorne on a mixtape.hearty was founded in 2008 by functioning editor-in-chief Hana May.
 Tristan and Iseult is a children's novel by Rosemary Sutcliff and was first published in 1971. A re-telling of an ancient story it received the Boston-Globe Horn Book Award in 1972 and was runner-up for the 1972 Carnegie Medal.It is set primarily in Cornwall and is Sutcliff's retelling of the Tristan and Iseult legend. Sutcliff tells the story again in an almost identical manner albeit greatly shortened in a chapter of her later Arthurian novel The Sword and the Circle (1981).
 Hard Tack and Coffee: The Unwritten Story of Army Life (1887) is a memoir by John D. Billings. Billings was a veteran of the 10th Massachusetts Volunteer Artillery Battery in the American Civil War. Originally published in 1888 Hard Tack and Coffee quickly became a best seller and is now considered one of the most important books written by a Civil War veteran.
 A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of A Course in Miracles (1992) is the first book by author Marianne Williamson and is to date the biggest selling book of interpretation of the spiritual thought system found in the book A Course In Miracles.[citation needed] A New York Times Best seller most estimates claim that A Return to Love has sold in excess of three million copies.[citation needed]
 Pulse Niagara is an alternative weekly newspaper serving the Niagara Region in Ontario Canada. Its offices are located in downtown St. Catharines Ontario.It is published by Dynasty Communication Inc of Hamilton Ontario. Dynasty also publishes similar papers in Hamilton (View Magazine) and the Kitchener area (Echo Weekly).Pulse Niagara is a weekly publication which served the Niagara region of Ontario.
 Speak Memory is an autobiographical memoir by writer Vladimir Nabokov.
 The Number Devil: A Mathematical Adventure (German: Der Zahlenteufel. Ein Kopfkissenbuch für alle die Angst vor der Mathematik haben) is a book for children and young adults that explores mathematics. It was originally written in 1997 in German by Hans Magnus Enzensberger and illustrated by Rotraut Susanne Berner.
 Image is an American quarterly literary journal that publishes art and writing engaging or grappling with Judeo-Christian faith. The journal's byline is Art Faith Mystery. Image features fiction poetry painting sculpture architecture film music and dance.
 Reality and Dreams is a novel by Scottish author Muriel Spark published in 1996. It was identified by the New York Times Book Review as one of the notable books of 1997.
 The Cat Who Knew a Cardinal is the twelfth book in the Cat Who series of mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun published in 1991.
 Hornblower and the Widow McCool is a short story by C. S. Forester featuring his fictional naval hero Horatio Hornblower. It was published together with the unfinished novel Hornblower and the Crisis and another short story The Last Encounter. It is titled Hornblower's Temptation in certain US editions.The story is set very early in Hornblower's career in 1799 or 1800 after Mr. Midshipman Hornblower but before Lieutenant Hornblower.
 The Journal of African Law is published biannually by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the School of Oriental and African Studies (University of London United Kingdom). It is a peer-reviewed law review covering the laws of sub-Saharan African countries emphasizing contemporary legal issues and issues of international and comparative significance.
 mX is an Australian free afternoon daily newspaper in the cities of Melbourne Sydney and Brisbane owned and produced by News Corp Australia. Targeted at commuters its main channels of distribution are inner-city railway stations tram and bus stops and major CBD intersections.
 Na'ima B Robert born Thando Nomhle McLaren on September 19 1977 is an author of multicultural literature and founding editor of the UK-based Muslim women’s publication SISTERS Magazine. Born in Leeds to a Scottish father and Zulu mother both from South Africa Robert grew up in Zimbabwe and attended university in England. She converted to Islam in 1998. Currently Robert divides her time between London and Cairo with her husband three sons and two daughters.
 Berts ytterligare betraktelser (Swedish: Bert's additional contemplations ) is a diary novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1990 it tells the story of Bert Ljung from 1 September to 31 December during the calendar year he turns 13. The book uses the 1989 almanac following the Gregorian Calendar. As standard Bert opens the chapters with the words Hej hej hallå dagboken! and finishes with Tack och hej – leverpastej.
 The Oakland Press is a daily newspaper published in Oakland County Michigan. Its headquarters are in Pontiac. Owned by Journal Register Company The Oakland Press was originally named The Pontiac Press until 1972. Original editorials and reporting including major-sport beat writers may also be seen in the sister paper The Macomb Daily.
 East of Eden is a novel by Nobel Prize winner John Steinbeck published in September 1952. Often described as Steinbeck's most ambitious novel East of Eden brings to life the intricate details of two families the Trasks and the Hamiltons and their interwoven stories. The novel was originally addressed to Steinbeck's young sons Thom and John (then 6½ and 4½ years old respectively).
 Boys and Girls Together is a 1964 novel by William Goldman.
 Silicon Chip is an Australian electronics magazine. It was started in November 1987 by Leo Simpson. Following the demise of Electronics Australia it is the only hobbyist-related electronics magazine remaining in Australia.
 Fame and Obscurity: A Book About New York a Bridge and Celebrities on the Edge was a 1970 book by Gay Talese. The book was a collection of many of Talese's works for Esquire about New York City and also includes his most famous celebrity profiles: Joe Louis: The King as a Middle-aged Man Frank Sinatra Has a Cold and The Silent Season of a Hero.
 She Is The Darkness is the seventh novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series The Black Company. The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit The Black Company through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred year history.
 North Lawndale Community News is a weekly community newspaper based in Chicago's North Lawndale neighborhood. It is published by Strategic Human Services a local non-profit agency. The paper is financed through grants as well as subscriptions and advertising revenue.
 Children's World is a children's magazine founded by K. Shankar Pillai well known cartoonist to be a forum for writings by children budding as well as established authors.
 The Class is Erich Segal's 6th novel published in 1985. The class of the title is the Harvard Class of 1958 and particularly refers to five fictional members of this class: Andrew Eliot Jason Gilbert Theodore Lambros Daniel Rossi and George Keller.
 Waylander published in 1986 is a novel by British fantasy writer David Gemmell. It is the first of three Waylander stories and was followed by Waylander II: In the Realm of the Wolf and Waylander III: Hero In The Shadows
 The Fool's Progress is a novel written by American author Edward Abbey (1927–1989) published in 1988.The book is a semi-autobiographical novel about a man Henry Holyoak Lightcap who refuses to submit to modern commercial society. Unlike Abbey's most famous fiction work The Monkey Wrench Gang which concerns the use of sabotage to protest environmentally damaging activities in the American Southwest The Fool's Progress focuses on the journey of Henry across America.
 The Royal Pain is a romance novel by MaryJanice Davidson and is the second book in the Alasken Royal Series. This time the focus is on HRH Princess Alexandria Baranov and her romance with Dr. Sheldon Rivers. It is found in 445 WorldCat libraries
 45 obrtaja: Priče o pesmama (Serbian Cyrillic: 45 обртаја: Приче о песмама trans. 45 Revolutions: Stories about Songs) is a book by Serbian rock musician journalist and writer Dejan Cukić. It was published in 2007 and compiled mostly from his articles previously published in Politikin Zabavnik magazine. The book features biographies of forty-five music artists as well as the history of popular music through stories about forty-five songs.
 The Carnivorous Plants is a major work on carnivorous plants by American botanist Francis Ernest Lloyd. It was first published in 1942 by the Chronica Botanica Company as the ninth volume of A New Series of Plant Science Books. It was reprinted in 1976 by Dover Publications of New York and Constable of London. Although primarily dealing with plants the book also briefly covers carnivorous fungi. The chapter describing the structure and functioning of Utricularia traps is particularly detailed.
 Beautiful Words is a play by the Australian playwright Sean Riley published by Currency Press in 2008.
 Preincarnate is a 2010 novella written by Australian author and comedian Shaun Micallef. The book is supplemented by illustrations by Bill Wood. It focuses upon the intricacies of time travel suspended animation and one man's journey across various time eras.
 Small Steps is a 2006 novel for young adults by Louis Sachar first published by Delacorte Books (Dell). It is the third in a series inaugurated in 1998 by the award-winning novel Holes.
 The International Journal of Neural Systems is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal founded in 1989. It is published by World Scientific and covers information processing in natural and artificial neural systems.
 Pretties is a 2005 science fiction novel and the second book of the Uglies Trilogy written by Scott Westerfeld. It is set in a future dystopian world in which everyone is turned Pretty by extreme cosmetic surgery upon reaching age 16. It tells the story of teenager Tally Youngblood who rebels against society's enforced conformity.
 Der royter shtern (Yiddish: דער רויטער שטערן 'The Red Star') was a Yiddish-language newspaper published from the Soviet city of Vitebsk between 1920 and 1923. It was the organ of the Jewish Section of the Communist Party Committee of the Vitebsk Governorate. The first issue was published on August 19 1920. It was published as a daily newspaper for about a year and then became a weekly.
 The Scorpion God is a novella by William Golding published in a collection of the same name along with Clonk Clonk (1971) and Envoy Extraordinary (1956).The three novellas all explore themes about early societies which have characteristics that echo down the years to our own time.
 Al-Wafd (Arabic: الوفد‎) is the daily newspaper published by the Wafd ('Delegation') party in Giza Egypt.
 The Management Information Systems Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the areas of management information systems and information technology. It was established in 1977 and is widely regarded as one of the two most prestigious journals in the information systems discipline. It is an official journal of the Association for Information Systems and is published by the Management Information Systems Research Center (University of Minnesota).
 Rapid Communications in Mass Spectrometry is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1987 by John Wiley & Sons. It covers research on all aspects of mass spectrometry. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.790.
 The Infinity of Lists is a book by Umberto Eco on the topic of lists. The title of the original Italian edition was La Vertigine della Lista (The Vertigo of Lists). It was produced in collaboration with the Louvre.The examples of lists in the work range from Hesiod's list of the progeny of gods to Rabelais' list of bottom wipes.
 The Asylum Seeker (Dutch: De asielzoeker) is a novel by Dutch author Arnon Grunberg. Published in 2003 the novel won the AKO Literatuurprijs and Ferdinand Bordewijk Prijs in 2004 and has been reprinted more than fourteen times. The jury rapport for the AKO Literatuurprijs praised the novel for being shocking amusing and touching all at once and for its undoing of the bourgeois underpinnings of our society.
 De vita Caesarum (Latin literal translation: About the Life of the Caesars) commonly known as The Twelve Caesars is a set of twelve biographies of Julius Caesar and the first 11 emperors of the Roman Empire written by Gaius Suetonius Tranquillus.The work written in AD 121 during the reign of the emperor Hadrian was the most popular work of Suetonius at that time Hadrian's personal secretary and is the largest among his surviving writings.
 Slobodna Dalmacija (English: Free Dalmatia) is a Croatian daily newspaper published in Split.The first issue of Slobodna Dalmacija was published on June 17 1943 by Tito's Partisans in a cave on Mosor a mountain near Split which was occupied by the Italian army during that time. The paper was later published in various locations until Split was liberated on October 26 1944.
 The International Journal of Obesity (abbreviated as IJO) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Nature Publishing Group.
 Flashing Swords! #4: Barbarians and Black Magicians is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter.
 Theodore Boone: The Activist is the fourth book in the Theodore Boone series written by John Grisham. It went on sale on 21 May 2013.
 Her Smoke Rose Up Forever is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by author James Tiptree Jr.. It was released in 1990 by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 4108 copies and was the author's second book published by Arkham House.
 Race: The Reality of Human Differences is an anthropology book in which authors Vincent M. Sarich Emeritus Professor of Anthropology at the University of California Berkeley and Frank Miele senior editor of Skeptic Magazine argue for the reality of race. The books was published by Basic Books in 2004. It disputes the statements of the highly acclaimed PBS documentary Race: The Power of an Illusion aired in 2003.
 Chattery Teeth is a short story by American writer Stephen King. It was originally published in Cemetery Dance and was later collected in Nightmares & Dreamscapes.
 Un Lun Dun is a young adult fantasy novel by China Miéville released in 2007. The title is derived from 'UnLondon' the name of the alternate realm where the book is set. It also contains illustrations by Miéville. It was first released as a hardback in the United Kingdom in January 2007 by Macmillan Publishers then in the United States on 13 February 2007 by Del Rey Books. The novel also won the 2008 Locus Award for Best Young Adult Book.
 The Brief History of the Dead is a fantasy and adventure novel by Kevin Brockmeier.
 A Planet Called Treason (1979) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card. It was originally published by St Martin's Press and Dell Publishing Co. After being heavily revised the book was republished under the title Treason (1988) by St. Martin's Press.
 Improving the Neighbourhood is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke. It was first published in Nature on November 4th 1999 and was the first piece of science fiction Nature ever published. It is also the last story included in The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke where it is dedicated to Dr. Pons and Dr. Fleischmann.
 Blooded is a novel written by Christopher Golden and Nancy Holder based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Batman: The Ultimate Evil is a novel written by Andrew Vachss and published in 1995 by the Warner Aspect imprint of Warner Books. Vachss was an attorney specializing in child abuse cases as well as a crime novelist best known for his series of books featuring the character Burke a private investigator who also takes on child abuse cases. A representative from DC Comics approached Vachss about the possibility of writing a novel featuring Batman.
 The Cave (Portuguese: A caverna) is a novel by Portuguese author José Saramago. It was published in Portuguese in 2000 and in English in 2002.
 The Roswell Daily Record is a local newspaper located in Roswell New Mexico and has a circulation of less than 25000. The paper is well known in the UFO community because it was the newspaper that reported in 1947 the alleged Roswell UFO crash. This newspaper is owned by Robert Beck.
 The Brighter Buccaneer is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton in June 1933. This was the eleventh book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint. It was the first volume to make use of the short story format; previously Charteris had written either short novels (aka novellas) or full-length novels featuring the character.
 Garfield As Himself is a DVD collection of the fat cat's first special Here Comes Garfield the first special to win an Emmy Garfield on the Town and the last all-new Garfield special Garfield Gets a Life. It was released June 29 2004.
 TriQuarterly is a not-for-profit American literary magazine published twice a year at Northwestern University that features fiction nonfiction poetry drama literary essays reviews a blog and graphic art.Founded in 1958 as a faculty and student magazine TriQuarterly was reshaped in 1964 by Charles Newman as an innovative national publication aimed at a sophisticated and diverse literary readership.
 Component Developer Magazine or CODE (registered as CODE Magazine) is a computer magazine edited and produced by the publishing and software company EPS Software. CODE is published bi-monthly and it is available in printed and digital format. The magazine focuses on providing information about Computer programming in using today's development topics including .NET Framework Visual Studio Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft SharePoint.
 The Exercise is a 1968 American play about an acting exercise.
 Casual Living (ISSN-0740-8285) is a trade publication and website owned by Sandow Media serving the information needs of retailers that sell outdoor furnishings and accessories as well as manufacturers and suppliers to the industry.The executive editor is Nicole Crews and the editorial office is located in Greensboro N.C.Casual Living magazine is published monthly with content including industry lifestyle features business analysis and product trend information.
 Time and Stars (no ISBN for original hardcover version) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Poul Anderson published in 1964.Dangerous universe: Faced with machines that think by and for themselves super-intelligent space beings bent on a suicidal course and a galaxy teeming with dangerous alien life man had to invent new weapons new defenses - or perish from the universe.
 Death in the Afternoon is a non-fiction book written by Ernest Hemingway about the ceremony and traditions of Spanish bullfighting published in 1932. The book provides a look at the history and what Hemingway considers the magnificence of bullfighting. It also contains a deeper contemplation on the nature of fear and courage.
 The University of Chicago Law Review (Maroon Book abbreviation: U Chi L Rev) is a law journal published by the University of Chicago Law School and was established in 1933. From 1942 through 1945 the review was published by the faculty due to World War II. Prominent former student members have included Judge Abner J. Mikva Ohio Attorney General Richard Cordray Princeton University president Christopher L. Eisgruber and University of Chicago Provost Geoffrey R.
 La Revue de Téhéran (Tehran Magazine) is an Iranian monthly magazine published in French mainly devoted to issues pertaining to Iranian culture and traditions. Founded in October 2005 it is affiliated to the Ettela'at foundation that publishes not only a widely circulated newspaper equally entitled Ettela'at but also many other scientific and cultural works.
 When Dogs Cry is the third young-adult fiction novel written by Australian writer Markus Zusak in the Wolfe family books. It is a stand alone companion novel (sequel) to his young-adult fiction novels Fighting Ruben Wolfe and The Underdog. It was first published in 2001 by Pan Macmillan Australia Pty limited. It was published in United States by Arthur A. Levine Books an imprint of Scholastic Press April 2003 under the title Getting the Girl.
 Eurasia is an Italian quarterly magazine on geopolitics founded in 2004. Since 2004 - the year of its foundation - to December 2011 the magazine has been run by Tiberio Graziani; then directionship has been taken by Claudio Mutti which is also the publisher.
 The Notebook of Trigorin is a play by American playwright Tennessee Williams adapted from Anton Chekhov's drama The Seagull (1895). Williams based his adaptation primarily on Ann Dunnigan's 1960 translation.The play was first produced in 1981 by the Vancouver Playhouse in Vancouver British Columbia.
 Hoshiuta (ほしうた lit.star song) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Front Wing which was released on December 26 2008 playable on the PC as a DVD.Hoshiuta is Front Wing's twenty-first title and the third title of Uta series along with their previous titles Yukiuta and Sorauta.A manga adaptation illustrated by Fumio began serialization in the May 2009 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace magazine.A spin-off sequel to the visual novel entitled Hoshiuta: Starlight Serenade was released on December 25 2009.
 Years of Grace is a 1930 novel by Margaret Ayer Barnes. It won the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1931. Despite this it is not her most well-known work; that honor belongs to Dishonored Lady a play she co-wrote with Edward Sheldon which was adapted twice into film (first as Letty Lynton and later with its actual title).Barnes' alma mater Bryn Mawr College along with the characters of college presidents M. Carey Thomas and Marion Park figure prominently in this work.
 The Eagle's Prophecy is a 2005 novel by Simon Scarrow the sixth book in the Eagle Series It is spring 45 AD and Centurions Macro and Cato dismissed from the Second Legion in Britain are returned to Rome following the events of the Eagle's Prey. They are recognised by the imperial secretary the devious Narcissus who makes them an offer they can’t refuse: to rescue an imperial agent who has been captured by pirates operating from the Illyrian coast or face judgements for their actions.
 The Palm Beach Times is a daily newspaper in Florida serving Palm Beach in South Florida and the South Florida area. It's Travel Navigator competes with Expedia Orbitz RoomSaver and other online Hotel search engines.
 The Evening Echo is an Irish evening newspaper based in Cork. It is distributed throughout the province of Munster although it is primarily read in its base city of Cork. In Limerick an altered local edition of the paper is sold. The newspaper was founded as a broadsheet in 1892 and has been published in tabloid format since 1991.The newspaper was part of the Thomas Crosbie Holdings group. Thomas Crosbie Holdings went into receivership in March 2013.
 Law and Social Inquiry is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Bar Foundation. The journal was established in 1976. The current editor-in-chief is Laura Beth Nielsen (American Bar Foundation). The journal publishes articles on law and sociology economics political science social psychology history philosophy and other social science and humanities disciplines.
 The Soul of a Bishop is a 1917 novel by H. G. Wells.
 Adaptability and Partnership: Issues for the Strategic Defence Review is an government of the United Kingdom green paper released on 2 February 2010. The publication sets out the framework for Strategic Defence Review (SDR) which seeks to provide guidance for UK's options for the future shape of Britain's armed forces.
 The Doctor's Wife is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore published (by Jonathan Cape in the United Kingdom) in 1976. Shortlisted for the Booker Prize it tells the story of Sheila Redden a doctor's wife from Belfast who takes an American lover eleven years her junior while in Paris. She then separates from both her husband and her new lover.
 Kansan Uutiset (People's News) is a Finnish weekly newspaper. It is the party organ of the Left Alliance.Kansan Uutiset was founded in 1957 as the joint organ of Communist Party of Finland (SKP) and Finnish People's Democratic League (SKDL) both of which until then had had their own papers Työkansan Sanomat (SKP) and Vapaa Sana (SKDL). Kansan Uutiset served the parties until their dissolution in 1990.
 The Book of Proper Names (French: Robert des noms propres) is a Belgian novel by Amélie Nothomb. It was first published in 2002. It is a romanticized account of the life of the singer RoBERT whom Nothomb became acquainted with as an avid admirer of her songs.
 Rape Fantasies is a short story by the Canadian author Margaret Atwood. The story notable for its dark humour was originally published in the Canadian edition of Dancing Girls in 1977. The story gained greater attention and study when it was later published in the 1985 edition of Norton Anthology of Literature by Women.
 Early Morning Dream is a rare book by Patti Smith published sine nomine in 1972. It was limited to 100 copies.
 Unto a Good Land (Swedish: Invandrarna) is a novel by Vilhelm Moberg from 1952. It is the second part of the The Emigrants series.
 The Mississippi Quarterly: The Journal of Southern Cultures is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal that mainly covers Southern history and literature. Originally entitled Social Sciences Bulletin it was established in 1948 by John K. Bettersworth who was associated with the journal until his death in 1991.
 The Trail-Gazette is a weekly newspaper in Estes Park Colorado. It is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing a unit of MediaNews Group. The Trail-Gazette covers local government schools sports community events entertainment real estate and Rocky Mountain National Park. Its coverage encompasses Estes Park and surrounding areas.
 Miracles of Life is an autobiography written by British writer J. G. Ballard and published in 2008.
 Paranoid: A Chant is a 100-line poem by Stephen King originally published in the 1985 short story collection Skeleton Crew.
 The Shadow Factory: The Ultra-Secret NSA from 9/11 to the Eavesdropping on America is a book on the National Security Agency by author James Bamford.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Third Annual Collection is a collection of science fiction short stories edited by Gardner Dozois and published in 1986.
 In March 2004 Top Billing (TV show) announced that it would launch a magazine version of the lifestyle programme. In June 2004 Top Billing magazine was being sold nationwide for R19.95. The Top Billing magazine contains celebrity interviews behind-the-scenes previews fashion food travel and entertainment news of local and international status.
 Flashman's Lady is a 1977 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the sixth of the Flashman novels.
 Burnt Offerings is the seventh in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 The Archives of Sexual Behavior is a peer-reviewed academic journal in sexology. It is the official publication of the International Academy of Sex Research.
 Triptych is a 2006 thriller novel by American author Karin Slaughter. The first in her Atlanta series the novel stars Will Trent of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and features Angie Polaski.
 Ubik (/ˈjuːbɨk/ EW-bik) is a 1969 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick. Critic Lev Grossman described it as a deeply unsettling existential horror story a nightmare you'll never be sure you've woken up from.
 Keeper of the Keys (1932) is the sixth and last mystery in the Charlie Chan series of Earl Derr Biggers; Biggers was planning on continuing the series but died in 1933 before he could. The films continued the series for him.
 Class Reunion (original title: Der Abituriententag) is a novel by Franz Werfel first published in German in 1928.
 Not to be confused with the National Catholic RegisterThe National Catholic Reporter (NCR) is a newspaper in the United States which covers topics on the Catholic Church; its circulation reaches ninety-seven countries on six continents.[citation needed] Based in midtown Kansas City Missouri NCR was founded by Robert Hoyt in 1964 as an independent newspaper focusing on the Catholic Church.
 Necronomicon: The Best Weird Tales of H.P. Lovecraft: Commemorative Edition is a select collection of horror short stories novellas and novels written by H. P. Lovecraft. The book was published in 2008 by Gollancz and is edited by Stephen Jones.
 Idiot Stick is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in a 1958 issue of Star Science Fiction and has been reprinted a number of times including in Star Science Fiction Stories No. 4 (1958) and Far Out (1961).
 The Labours of Hercules is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1947 and in the UK by Collins Crime Club in September of the same year. The US edition retailed at $2.50 and the UK edition at eight shillings and sixpence (8/6).It features Belgian detective Hercule Poirot and gives an account of twelve cases with which he intends to close his career as a private detective.
 The Laramie Project is a play by Moisés Kaufman and members of the Tectonic Theater Project (specifically Leigh Fondakowski Stephen Belber Greg Pierotti Barbara Pitts Stephen Wangh Amanda Gronich Sara Lambert John McAdams Maude Mitchell Andy Paris and Kelli Simpkins) about the reaction to the 1998 murder of University of Wyoming gay student Matthew Shepard in Laramie Wyoming.
 The Kingston Whig-Standard is a newspaper in Kingston Ontario Canada. It is published daily except on Sunday. It publishes a mix of community national and international news and is owned by Sun Media. It has an ISSN of 1197-4397.The Saturday edition of The Whig features a life and entertainment section which includes a travel section restaurant reviews a section for kids and colour comics.
 Accel World (アクセル・ワールド Akuseru Wārudo) is a Japanese light novel series written by Reki Kawahara and illustrated by HiMA. The series began publication in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Bunko imprint from February 2009 and is licensed in North America by Yen Press. Two manga series began serialization in Dengeki Bunko Magazine from May 2010 with another series beginning serialization in Dengeki Daioh in January 2013. An anime adaptation by Sunrise aired in Japan between April and September 2012.
 A Escola is a novel by Miguel M. Abrahão. It was first published in Brazil in 1983.
 Făclia Ţării (English: The Country Torch) was a newspaper from Chişinău Bessarabia founded in 1912.
 la Mañana also known as la Manyana is a newspaper of the province of Lleida in Spain. It was founded in 1938. It publishes in both Catalan and Spanish languages.
 Gardens of the Sun is a 2009 science fiction novel by Paul J. McAuley. It is a sequel to his 2008 novel The Quiet War.
 Double in Space is a title used for two distinct collections of science fiction novellas by Fletcher Pratt one published in the United States and the other in the United Kingdom. The two collections have one story in common.
 East of Samarinda is a collection of stories by author Carl Jacobi. It was released in 1989 by Bowling Green State University Popular Press. Although Jacobi is known mostly for his horror and science fiction stories this book collects adventure stories set in Borneo and the South Seas. The collection was edited by Carl Jacobi and R. Dixon Smith. Jacobi also provides a preface and Smith wrote the introduction.The stories originally appeared in pulp magazines such as Thrilling Adventure.
 Public Policy and Administration is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of public administration. The editors-in-chief are Duncan McTavish and Karen Johnston Miller (Glasgow Caledonian University). It was established ine 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the UK Joint University Council Public Administration Committee.
 Current Medical Research and Opinion is a peer-reviewed medical journal established in 1972. It is published monthly by Informa.
 Our Voice Today (OVT) is a bi-weekly publication of NYSARC Inc. Originally published as print newsletter Our Children's Voice in March 1949 OVT has a long history of providing information and resources related to individuals with intellectual and other developmental disabilities.In 2011 OVT was converted into an e-newsletter with a circulation of about 2000 subscribers.
 Maximum Ride: School's Out—Forever is the second book in the sci-fi action-adventure series Maximum Ride by James Patterson published by Little Brown. The book was released in the US and the UK on May 23 2006. The series centers around the 'Flock' a group of human-avian hybrids on the run from the scientists who created them.
 Health Economics is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons covering the subject of health economics. It was established in 1992.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.123 ranking it 15th out of 62 journals in the category Health Policy & Services 27th out of 76 journals in the category Health Care Sciences & Services and 36th out of 320 journals in the category Economics
 Happy Wives Club: One Woman's Worldwide Search For The Secrets Of A Great Marriage is a New York Times and USA Today Best Selling book written by American author Fawn Weaver. Released on January 7 2014 Happy Wives Club debuted on the New York Times Nonfiction Paperback list at #3 in the January 26 edition of the New York Times Best Sellers List.
 Insensibility is a poem written by Wilfred Owen during the First World War which explores the effect of warfare on soldiers and the long- and short-term psychological effects that it has on them. The poem's title refers to the fact that the soldiers have lost the ability to feel due to the horrors which they faced on the Western Front during the First World War.
 Red (レッド Reddo) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Sanae Rokuya. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on 27 May 2008.
 Fireball is an unfinished science fiction manga by Katsuhiro Otomo created for Action Deluxe magazine and published in 1979. It is notable for establishing ground Otomo would later explore successfully in Domu and his best-known work Akira.
 The Daily Herald is a daily newspaper that covers news and community events in Utah County central Utah. Much of the coverage focuses on the Provo-Orem metropolitan area in Utah Valley.The Daily Herald is owned by Lee Enterprises a media company based in Davenport Iowa. It was acquired along with 13 other newspapers including the St. Louis Post-Dispatch when Lee purchased Pulitzer Inc. in 2005.
 Keeping Faith (1999) is a novel by bestselling author Jodi Picoult about a custody battle involving a seven-year-old girl who may be seeing God.
 The Romance of Leonardo da Vinci (Russian: Воскресшие боги. Леонардо да Винчи Resurrected Gods. Leonardo da Vinci in literal translation) is the second novel by Dmitry Merezhkovsky first published in 1900 by Mir Bozhy magazine then released as a separate edition 1901. The novel constitutes the second part of the Christ and Antichrist (1895-1907) started by the writer's debut novel The Death of the Gods.
 Skipping Towards Gomorrah: The Seven Deadly Sins and the Pursuit of Happiness in America is a non-fiction book by Dan Savage first published in 2002 by Dutton. The book examines the concept of happiness in American culture as obtained by indulging in each of the Seven Deadly Sins.Skipping Towards Gomorrah was selected for inclusion in The Best American Sex Writing 2004 and won a Lambda Literary Award in 2003.
 Aero International is a German monthly magazine devoted to civil aviation. It was established in 1993. The editor in chief since 1997 is Dietmar Plath.
 The Glossop Gazette is a fortnightly newspaper published by Viper Press in Glossop ISSN 2051 604. The paper is specifically aimed at the local area carrying no news from outside Glossop.
 Lammas Night is a fantasy novel by the American-born author Katherine Kurtz first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in December 1983. The first hardcover edition was issued by Severn House in 1986.
 Journal of Research in Reading is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the UKLA. The journal was established in 1978. The Journal of Research in Reading publishes papers on topics such as the history and development of literacy policy and strategy for literacy and the learning teaching and use of literacy in different contexts.
 Guinevere: The Legend of Autumn is a 1991 novel by Persia Woolley. It is the third book of the Guinevere trilogy. The novel relates the events of the Arthurian legend in first-person perspective from the point of view of Guinevere the wife of King Arthur.
 The Shadow in the North (1986) is a book by the English author Philip Pullman. It was originally published as The Shadow in the Plate.
 The Complete Necromancer's Handbook is a sourcebook for the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy adventure role-playing game. As part of the DMGR series the information in this book is intended for use by the Dungeon Master to develop villains and NPCs and is not recommended for use by players.
 They Thirst is a horror novel by Robert R. McCammon first published in 1981 and republished in 1991 in hardback. The book details the relentless possession of Los Angeles by vampires who quickly transform the city into a necropolis with the intent to conquer the entire world.Plans to create a TV movie were announced in 1992 but attempts to make the film were unsuccessful.
 Gentlemen Prefer Blondes: The Intimate Diary of a Professional Lady is a comic novel written by Anita Loos first published in 1925. It is one of several famous novels published that year to chronicle the so-called Jazz Age including Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby and Van Vechten's Firecrackers. Loos was inspired to write the book after watching a sexy blonde turn intellectual H. L. Mencken into a lovestruck schoolboy.
 The New York Native was a biweekly gay newspaper published in New York City from December 1980 until January 13 1997.
 Crown Duel is a 2002 young adult fantasy novel written by American author Sherwood Smith originally published as two separate books Crown Duel (1997) and Court Duel (1998). Both stories take place in the fictional land of Sartorias-deles a fantasy world Smith has written about since her youth.
 Translated Accounts is a novel by the Scottish writer James Kelman published in 2001.
 The Journal of Human Development and Capabilities is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of people-centered human development and capabilities. It is published by Routledge on behalf of the Human Development and Capability Association. It was established in 2000 as the Journal of Human Development obtaining its current title in 2009.
 Parthiban Kanavu (பார்த்திபன் கனவு - Parthiban's dream) is a famous Tamil novel written by Kalki Krishnamurthy.
 The Open Ecology Journal is an open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering ecology. It publishes original research articles and reviews.
 The Vampire Prince is the sixth book in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan(his real name Darren O'Shaughnessy). It is also the third and final book of the Vampire Rites trilogy.
 The Columbus Dispatch is a daily newspaper based in Columbus Ohio. Its first issue was published on July 1 1871 and has been the only mainstream daily newspaper in the city since The Columbus Citizen-Journal stopped printing in 1985.The Dispatch and the various WBNS stations (WBNS (AM) WBNS-FM and WBNS-TV) as part of the Dispatch Broadcast Group are privately owned by the Wolfe family.
 The Girl in the Limousine is a play written by Wilson Collison and Avery Hopwood. Producer A. H. Woods staged it on Broadway in 1919. The play was a success closing in February 1920 after 137 performances. It was later adapted into a movie.
 Persistence of Memory is the tenth novel by American teen author Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and is the fifth novel in the Den of Shadows. Published on December 9 2008 the novel tells the story of Erin Misrahe and her struggles with her alter-ego Shevaun who is in fact a vampire that Erin has a link with. The novel also mention a character from Atwater-Rhodes' previous novel In the Forests of the Night (1999) Alexander the brother of the main protagonist Risika.
 City of Golden Shadow is the first book in Tad Williams' Otherland series.
 Technological Revolutions and Financial Capital: The Dynamics of Bubbles and Golden Ages is a nonfiction book by Carlota Perez that seeks to academically treat the subject of financial bubbles in modern economies by analyzing the emergence of long term technology trends.
 Orchids of the Philippines is a book by Jim Cootes which was the first to document all existing Filipino orchid species.
 The Book of Other People is a collection of short stories published in 2008 by Penguin Books. Selected and edited by Zadie Smith it contains 23 short stories by 23 different authors among them Nick Hornby David Mitchell Colm Tóibín Jonathan Safran Foer Dave Eggers as well as Smith herself. The collection as evidenced by the title focuses on character; the authors were simply asked to make somebody up.
 The Punisher (titled The Punisher: Frank Castle after issue #66 sometimes referred to as The Punisher MAX) was a comic book ongoing series published under the MAX imprint of Marvel Comics featuring vigilante anti-hero the Punisher.
 King of Cards (カードの王様 Kādo no Ōsama) is a nine volume shōjo manga written by the manga artist Makoto Tateno.
 This article is about the novel. For other uses of the word see Rottweiler.The Rottweiler (2003) is a psychological thriller novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell.
 The Sexes Throughout Nature is a book written by Antoinette Brown Blackwell published by G. P. Putnam's Sons in 1875.
 Toxicology in Vitro is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering in vitro toxicology. It is published by Elsevier and an official journal of the European Society of Toxicology in Vitro and affiliated with the American Association for Cellular and Computational Toxicology. The editors-in-chief are Daniel Acosta (University of Cincinnati) Frank A. Barile (St. John's University) and Bas J. Blaauboer (Utrecht University).
 The November Criminals is a novel by Sam Munson published in 2010. The book is the author's first novel; by April 2010 it was found in over 300 WorldCat libraries. It was published by Doubleday in 2010 and reprinted as an Anchor paperback in 2011. It was reviewed in the New York Times Book Review the Washington Post and in the magazine Commentary published by the American Jewish Committee.
 Super Pig is a 1976 book by William Rushton with illustrations by Willie Rushton and a foreword by W.G. Rushton. In the book Rushton presents with humour a gentleman's guide to everyday survival.
 Les Acteurs de bonne foi is a comedy in one act and in prose written by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux and performed for the first time on October 30 1749.Les Acteurs de bonne foi was produced by the Comédie-Française but it was not a success. Marivaux published it in the Conservateur journal in November 1757.The play is built on the dialogue the author established with the reader through the mise en abyme device.
 Close to Critical is a science fiction novel by Hal Clement. The novel was first serialized in three parts and published in Astounding Science Fiction magazine in 1958. Its first hardcover book publication was in July 1964.
 Ratner's Star is a 1976 comic novel by Don DeLillo. It relates the story of a child prodigy mathematician who arrives at a secret installation to work on the problem of deciphering a mysterious message that appears to come from outer space. The novel is told in two parts; the first is a conventional narrative the second is less so.
 The Adventures of Super Diaper Baby is an American children's novel by Dav Pilkey credited as George Beard and Harold Hutchins categorized as part of the author's Captain Underpants series of books as a spin-off to the series.
 Brain is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of neurology founded in 1878 currently published by Oxford University Press. It's full name is Brain: a Journal of Neurology.It was edited by John Newsom-Davis from 1997 to 2004. Under his editorship it became one of the first scientific journals to go online. From 2004 to 2013 the journal was edited by Alastair Compston (Cambridge University). The current editor is Dimitri Kullmann (University College London).
 The Pain and the Great One is a children's picture book published in 1974 written by Judy Blume and illustrated by Irene Trivas. This is the only picture book written by Blume though many of her other novels notably The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo and Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing have interior illustrations. The book follows the sibling rivalry between a sister and her younger brother.
 The Great Sioux Nation: Sitting in Judgment on America is a book edited by Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz An Oral History of the Sioux Nation and Its Struggle for Sovereignty that documents the 1974 Lincoln Treaty Hearing.
 The Way of a Trout with the Fly and Some Further Studies in Minor Tactics is a fly fishing book written by G. E. M. Skues published in London in 1921. This was Skues's second book after Minor Tactics of the Chalk Stream (1910).
 The Search for Roots: A Personal Anthology is a compilation of thirty pieces of prose and poetry selected by Italian-Jewish author and Holocaust survivor Primo Levi as part of an abortive project by his original Italian publisher Einaudi to identify the texts which most influenced major Italian writers.
 The Banishment of Cicero is a 1761 tragedy play by the British writer Richard Cumberland. It follows the downfall and death of the Roman orator Marcus Tullius Cicero. David Garrick declined to stage the play so Cumberland instead had it published. After this Cumberland switched to writing generally much lighter works mostly comedy.
 The Gnome King of Oz (1927) is the twenty-first in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the seventh by Ruth Plumly Thompson. Like nineteen of the twenty previous books it was illustrated by John R. Neill.
 Taking Pictures is the second collection of short stories by Irish writer Anne Enright. It was first published in 2008.
 La Gaceta is a daily newspaper founded in Tucumán Argentina and the most prominent in the Argentine Northwest.La Gaceta was established on August 4 1912 by Alberto García Hamilton an Uruguayan publisher who left for neighboring Argentina following a political dispute.
 Talk Talk is a novel by T. C. Boyle first published in 2006 about a young deaf woman who becomes the victim of a credit card fraud and identity theft. As the police are unwilling to help the woman and her boyfriend are determined to track down the criminal themselves.
 Teeny Weeny the Tiniest Hot Dog in the World is a comic strip created by Mark Martin which appeared in Nickelodeon Magazine.
 Dragon Pink (ドラゴンピンク) is a three-part erotic anime OVA series released by Pink Pineapple in 1994 based on an incomplete manga by Itoyoko 1990 with four volumes released which has been translated and released in Spanish by Norma Comics only in Spain. The three OVA episodes are based on the first chapters of Volume 1 of the manga.
 Myśl.pl (Polish for Idea.pl) is a Polish right-wing journal founded by Ireneusz Fryszkowski in 2006.
 True Tears (トゥルーティアーズ Turū Tiāzu) is a Japanese visual novel developed by La'cryma a collaboration between Broccoli Circus GameCrab and Rei Izumi and was originally released on March 31 2006 for the PC as a DVD in Japan rated for everyone followed by a Hong Kong and Taiwanese release on March 31 2007. A PlayStation 2 version was first announced to be released on March 13 2008 but was later delayed for an August 7 2008 release.
 The Catholic Weekly is an English language newspaper currently published in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It is published in tabloid format. Throughout its history it has also been published as The Freeman's Journal and Catholic Freeman's Journal.
 Acta Cardiologica is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of cardiovascular disease including observational studies clinical trials experimental investigations with clear clinical relevance and tutorials.
 The Cyberiad (Polish: Cyberiada) is a series of humorous short stories by Stanisław Lem. The Polish version was first published in 1965 with an English translation appearing in 1974. The main protagonists of the series are Trurl and Klapaucius the constructors.The vast majority of characters are either robots or intelligent machines. The stories focus on problems of the individual and society as well as on the vain search for human happiness through technological means.
 The Third Mind is a book by Beat Generation novelist William S. Burroughs and artist/poet/novelist Brion Gysin. First published in a French-language edition in 1977 it was published in English in 1978. It contains numerous short fiction pieces as well as poetry by Gysin and an interview with Burroughs.
 The Undying Land is a Lost race novel by William Gilmour. It was first published in 1985 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1300 copies.
 Annabel is a 2010 novel by Canada-based author Kathleen Winter.
 Ultimate Fantastic Four is a superhero comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The series is a modernized re-imagining of Marvel's long-running Fantastic Four comic book franchise as part of its Ultimate Marvel imprint.
 The Landlady is a short horror story by Roald Dahl.
 The Discovery of the Unconscious: The History and Evolution of Dynamic Psychiatry is a 1970 study of the history of dynamic psychiatry by the Swiss medical historian Henri F. Ellenberger.
 Superconductor Science and Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on all aspects of superconductivity including theories of superconductivity the basic physics of superconductors the relation of microstructure and growth to superconducting properties the theory of novel devices and the fabrication and properties of thin films and devices. The editor-in-chief is D. P. Hampshire (University of Durham).
 Clara Vaughan is a sensation novel by R. D. Blackmore who was later to achieve lasting fame for another Romantic novel Lorna Doone. It was written in 1853 and published anonymously in 1864. It was Blackmore's first novel. The novel was generally well received by the public though some reviewers at the time believed it to have been written by Mary Elizabeth Braddon and criticised its author for not knowing about the law.
 Super Taboo originally titled Super Family Complex 1 (SUPERファミリーコンプレックス 1) and Super Family Complex: Kanketsuhen (SUPERファミリーコンプレックス・完結編) is a popular and sexually explicit Japanese manga about incest fantasy by Wolf Ogami (拝狼 Ogami Ōkami Worshipping Wolf).The manga is about a high school student Yuu Sakagami who raised separately is reunited with his mother Misako and his sister Eri who both become infatuated with him.
 Ode to Gallantry is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It was first serialised in Hong Kong from 11 June 1966 to 19 April 1967 in the newspaper Ming Pao. The novel shares the same Chinese title as a poem by the Tang Dynasty poet Li Bai which was used as its epigraph.
 Deception: Betraying the Peace Process is a book published in 2011 by the Israel-based media watchdog group Palestinian Media Watch that analyses a year of cultural educational and general media resources within the Palestinian Authority (PA) beginning in May 2010 the month that indirect Israeli-Palestinian talks were initiated by the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama.
 The Hork-Bajir Chronicles is the second companion book to the Animorphs series written by K. A. Applegate. With respect to continuity within the series it takes place before book #23 The Pretender although the events told in the story occur between the time of The Ellimist Chronicles and The Andalite Chronicles.
 After Many a Summer (1939) is a novel by Aldous Huxley that tells the story of a Hollywood millionaire who fears his impending death; it was published in the United States as After Many a Summer Dies the Swan. Written soon after Huxley left England and settled in California the novel is Huxley's examination of American culture particularly what he saw as its narcissism superficiality and obsession with youth.
 The Lords of the North is a novel based in the 9th century Anglo-Saxon kingdoms Wessex and Northumbria. The book starts where The Pale Horseman left off. It is the third book in Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Stories.
 The Sheffield Telegraph is a weekly newspaper published in Sheffield England.
 The Warwick Daily Times was a daily newspaper covering Warwick Rhode Island USA although its offices are in West Warwick. It is owned by RISN Operations Inc.The Daily Times was founded in 2006 as a companion to the Kent County Daily Times also based in West Warwick which covers the other four towns of Kent County Rhode Island.
 The Man with the Red Tattoo first published in 2002 was the sixth and final original novel by Raymond Benson featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond. Carrying the Ian Fleming Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam. It was later published in Japan in 2003.
 Crimes of War: What the Public Should Know is a 1999 reference book edited by Pulitzer-prize winning journalist Roy Gutman and David Rieff that offers a compendium of more than 150 entries of articles and photographs that broadly define international humanitarian law a subject that involves most of the legal and political aspects of modern conflict.The book published by W.W. Norton has received international acclaim from human rights experts.
 Fake Fur (フェイクファー Feikufā) is a manga by Satomi Yamagata. It is licensed in English by Digital Manga Publishing which published Fake Fur in April 2007. A prequel volume Manic Love (感情回路 Kanjō Kairo) was published by DMP in September 2007.
 The Africa Development Perspectives Yearbook is an annual publication devoted to socio-economic trends in Africa. According to its publication program the yearbook wishes to analyse African economic policies on various levels: from local to national regional and international level.
 The Library Quarterly is a quarterly double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal covering library science including historical sociological statistical bibliographical managerial psychological and educational aspects of the field. It is published by the University of Chicago and was established to fill a need for investigation and discussion set forth by the American Library Association in 1926.
 Arkham House: The First 20 Years is a bibliography of books published by Arkham House from 1939 to 1959. It was released in 1959 by Arkham House in an edition of 815 copies. While essentially a chapbook approximately 80 copies were bound in boards for libraries.
 The Boys is an American creator-owned comic book series written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Darick Robertson. It was originally published by Wildstorm before moving to Dynamite Entertainment.The series is set between 2006–2008 in a world where superheroes exist. However most of the superheroes in the series' universe are corrupted by their celebrity status and often engage in reckless behavior compromising the safety of the world.
 Why We Broke Up is a fiction novel written by Daniel Handler and illustrated by artist and designer Maira Kalman. It received a Michael L. Printz Honor and a feature film starring Hailee Steinfeld is currently in the works and set for release in early 2014.
 The Other Coast is a comic strip drawn by Adrian Raeside. It has been syndicated by the Creator's Syndicate since 2001. It is syndicated to more than 150 newspapers worldwide. The strip blends environmental political and animal rights issues with comedy.
 The Roar is a 2009 novel by British author Emma Clayton. It was published in the United States and the United Kingdom by Chicken House.
 For Witzend Productions see Allan McKeownwitzend published on an irregular schedule spanning decades was an underground comic showcasing contributions by comic book professionals leading illustrators and new artists. witzend was launched in 1966 by the writer-artist Wallace Wood who handed the reins to Bill Pearson (Wonderful Publishing Company) from 1968–1985. The title was printed in lower-case.
 Corporal to Field Officer 4th Edition Up To Date was a reference work written by Captain H.P.E. Phillips MC and Lieutenant-Colonel R. J. S. Langford designed for use by officers and NCOs in the Canadian Army to contain the essentials of all the army's other military manuals. Originally published in 1925 the 4th edition was in use at the beginning of and during the World War II.Both Captain Phillips and Lieutenant Colonel Langford were officers of The Royal Canadian Regiment.
 PORK is a music magazine/fanzine created by husband and wife artist team Sean Aaberg and Katie Aaberg in 2010. PORK magazine has been a big catalyst for Weirdo Art and Rock&Roll with an emphasis on street culture elements like denim studs pizza burgers switchblades and anti-social behavior. Its roots are in 70s New York City. PORK set out to be Coney Island in magazine form.
 The Precipice is a science fiction novel by Hugo Award winner Ben Bova. This novel is part of the Grand Tour series of novels. It is the first book in the The Asteroid Wars series. It was first published in 2001. The title The Precipice refers to the greenhouse cliff or the ultimate collapse of Earth's biosphere preceded by the steady encroachment of climate change.
 Caliban in the Coal Mines was written by the American poet Louis Untermeyer (1885–1977) and published in his 1914 collection Challenge.
 Duties Beyond Borders (full title: Duties Beyond Borders: On the Limits and Possibilities of Ethical International Politics) is a book by Stanley Hoffmann published in 1981 which focuses on the application of ethical principles to international relations. The book won the Le Prix Adolphe Bentinck for 1982 for the book which most contributes to the unity and cause of peace in Europe.
 Catcall is a children's novel by Linda Newbery published in 2006. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Silver Award.
 Citizen's Briefing Book is a compilation book of recommendations made to President Barack Obama by visitors to the Change.gov website given to the President after his January 20 2009 inauguration.
 No More Parades is the second novel of Ford Madox Ford's highly regarded tetralogy about the First World War Parade's End. It was published in 1925 and was extraordinarily well-reviewed.
 Magical Girl Apocalypse (魔法少女・オブ・ジ・エンド Mahō Shōjo obu ji Endo) is an ongoing Japanese action-horror magical girl shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Kentarō Satō. Its chapters are serialized since July 2012 in the manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion published by Akita Shoten and have been compiled into four tankōbon. It will be published in English in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment.
 G magazine is an Australian consumer sustainability magazine published in Sydney since November 2006. G magazine is a bi-monthly publication.Emma Bowen is G magazine's editor and Caitlin Howlett is the features and online writer.
 Dragons Elves and Heroes is an anthology of fantasy short stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in October 1969 as the sixth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series. It was the first such anthology assembled by Carter for the series issued simultaneously with the second The Young Magicians.The book collects nineteen early fantasy tales and poems by various authors with an overall introduction and notes by Carter.
 Advances in Electrical and Computer Engineering (founded in 2001) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Romanian Academy of Technical Sciences and the Ştefan cel Mare University of Suceava Romania. The journal is indexed and abstracted in Science Citation Index Journal Citation Reports and other major international data bases. As of 2014 the journal's editor in chief is Adrian Graur.The journal publishes original scientific articles and reviews.
 Psychiatric Genetics is a bimonthly medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins within the field of psychiatric genetics. It is abstracted and indexed in Medline/PubMed BIOSIS Previews and the Science Citation Index Expanded. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.365.
 Fast Track is a monthly information technology magazine published by 9.9 MediaWorx Pvt. Ltd and distributed along with Digit. It is an in-depth reference guide to any given sub-topic of information technology such as web publishing and open source software or a product such as Photoshop. The detail in the Fast Track series ranges from the beginner to the intermediate and often with references to advanced content.
 Zone One is a 2011 The New York Times best-selling novel by African American author Colson Whitehead. Zone One is part genre fiction part literary fiction—a zombie story in the hands of a Pullitzer-nominated novelist.
 Non-no (ノン－ノ non-no) is a Japanese fashion magazine published by Shueisha. Like CanCam non-no has a comparatively longer history than other Japanese fashion magazines e.g. Cawaii! Olive and so forth. The magazine is targeted at teens and young women in their early 20s.On May 25 1987 Shueisha launched the magazines male counterpart Men's Non-no.
 My Neighbor Seki (となりの関くん Tonari no Seki-kun) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takuma Morishige. The series follows a girl named Rumi Yokoi who is constantly distracted by her neighboring classmate Toshinari Seki as he indulges in elaborate hobbies and somehow never gets caught in the process. Originally published as a one-shot in 2010 it started serialization in the November 2010 issue of Media Factory's Comic Flapper magazine.
 The Control Revolution is a book by James Beniger that explains the origins of the information society in part from the need to manage and control the production of an industrial society. The late Dr. Beniger was a professor at the University of Southern California.
 Inspector Ghote Goes By Train is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. It is the seventh novel in the Inspector Ghote series.
 Brain Injury is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Informa Healthcare. Furthermore it is the official journal of the International Brain Injury Association (IBIA). The chief editors are Jeffrey Kreutzer (Virginia Commonwealth University) and Nathan Zasler (University of Virginia).This journal was published quarterly beginning in July 1987 to 1995. From 1996 to at least 2003 it was published monthly. The current frequency of publication is 14 times per year.
 Veracity is a novel a work of literature or speculative fiction written by American author Laura Bynum.
 Nucleosides Nucleotides & Nucleic Acids is a monthly academic journal published by Taylor & Francis since 2000 continuing the earlier Nucleosides and Nucleotides in series. It discusses topics relating to the biochemistry of molecules in these classes.
 Hafnia Hodierna Eller Udførlig Beskrivelse om den Kongelige Residentz- og Hoved-Stad Kiøbenhavn (English: Hafnia Hodierna Or Detailed Description of the Royal Residence and Capital City Copenhagen) is an engraved architectural work on Copenhagen published by the Danish architect Lauritz de Thurah in 1748. Profusely illustrated throughout it is a valuable source of knowledge as to the appearance of Copenhagen in the middle of the 18th century.
 The Star of Khorala is a short story by Björn Nyberg and L. Sprague de Camp featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published by Bantam Books in the paperback collection Conan the Swordsman in August 1978. Later paperback editions of the collection were issued by Ace Books (1987 and 1991). The first hardcover edition was published by Tor Books in 2002. The book has also been translated into Italian.
 Aliens: Colonial Marines Technical Manual written by Lee Brimmicombe-Wood and published by HarperPrism is a guide to the fictional United States Colonial Marines depicted in the film Aliens.
 The Ridgway Sun is a weekly newspaper based in Ridgway Colorado and owned by Ouray County Newspapers. Known as the Newspaper that refused to die it remains the newspaper of record for Ridgway.
 The Journal of Basic and Applied Physics is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal published by World Academic Publishing. It covers topics of all respects of physics fundamentally and experimentally.
 The Grand Island Independent is a newspaper published in Grand Island Nebraska. The Independent is published every day of the year but Christmas Day. Its daily circulation is 20500 in eleven counties of central Nebraska.The newspaper is owned by the Omaha World-Herald Co.
 </pre>Oxford Development Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed multidisciplinary academic journal aimed at the student research and policy-making community which provides a forum for rigorous and critical analysis of conventional theories and policy issues in all aspects of development and aims to contribute to new approaches.It covers a number of disciplines related to development including economics history politics anthropology and sociology and publishes quantitative papers as well as surveys of literature.The journal is edited at the Oxford Department of International Development (ODID) and published by Taylor & Francis.The current Managing Editor is Professor Frances Stewart Emeritus Professor of Development Economics at the University of Oxford.The Associate Editors are: Professor Douglas Gollin Dr Nandini Gooptu Dr Raufu Mustapha Dr Diego Sanchez-Ancochea and Dr Sorana Toma of the Oxford Department of International Development Dr Rochana Bajpai of the Department of Politics and International Studies SOAS University of London UK Dr Arnim Langer of the Centre for Research on Peace and Development (CRPD) Faculty of Social Sciences University of Leuven Belgium Dr Gaston Yalonetzky of Leeds University Business School UK.↑
 La Clef du cabinet des princes de l'Europe ou recuëil historique & politique sur les matieres du tems (The key of the cabinet of the princes of Europe or A historical and political compilation on the matters of the day) was the first newspaper published in Luxembourg. Its first edition appeared on 1 July 1704.
 Lord Hornblower (published 1946) is a Horatio Hornblower novel written by C. S. Forester.In 1814 Hornblower is delegated to deal with the Flame a brig full of mutineers off the French coast near the mouth of the Seine. It is a tricky situation because the mutineers' demands cannot be met but they have threatened that if a Royal Navy force tries to force their hand they will slip into a nearby French port.
 As She Climbed Across the Table is a 1997 novel by the American writer Jonathan Lethem. This satirical science fiction story is set on the fictional campus of Beauchamp University in Northern California. Particle physicist Alice Coombs rooms with narrator Philip Engstrand an anthropologist researching conflicts between and within disciplines. Their relationship drives the romantic aspect of this story.
 Legacy (1987) is a novel by American author James A. Michener. Set during the Iran–Contra affair of the 1980s the story follows Major Norman Starr who is called to testify in front of a congressional committee to account for his involvement in covert military actions. The novel is interspersed with historical flashbacks as Major Starr reflects on his ancestors and their own roles in American history.
 Fury is the seventh novel by Salman Rushdie. It was published in 2001.
 The Pillars of the Earth is a historical novel by Ken Follett published in 1989 about the building of a cathedral in the town of Kingsbridge England. It is set in the middle of the 12th century primarily during the Anarchy between the time of the sinking of the White Ship and the murder of Thomas Becket.
 The Last Patriot is a thriller written by American novelist Brad Thor. It tells the story of counter-terrorism agent Scot Harvath's attempts to uncover a revelation that could damage the standing of radical Islam. In the book's plot the Islamic prophet Mohammed is depicted as having been assassinated by his followers to conceal a damaging secret. Twelve centuries later Thomas Jefferson unearths the mystery and leaves clues for future searchers to follow.
 Practice in Christianity (also Training in Christianity) is a work by 19th century theologian Søren Kierkegaard. It was published on September 27 1850 under the pseudonym Anti-Climacus the author of The Sickness Unto Death. Kierkegaard considered it to be his most perfect and truest book.
 An Uncommon Story (Russian: Необыкнове́нная исто́рия) is an autobiographical literary memoir by Ivan Goncharov written in 1875-1876 (with an 1878 addendum) and first published in 1924. Parts of it were later included in The Complete Goncharov (1978—1980 Vol VII).According to Gale Encyclopedia of Biography An Uncommon Story …confirmed the psychopathic side of [its author's] personality; it is an account of imagined plots against him and imagined attempts by others to plagiarize his work.
 Prabodhanam (മലയാളം:പ്രബോധനം) is a 64-year-old weekly Islamic magazine published in Malayalam from Kozhikode(Calicut) in Kerala India . This is one of the widely read and popular Islamic Magazines in Kerala. The magazine sets itself high standards as comparing to similar magazines in Malayalam.It began as a monthly publication in 1949 but was later turned into a weekly in 1964. The magazine is officially affiliated to the Kerala Branch of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind.
 The System of the World a novel by Neal Stephenson is the third and final volume in The Baroque Cycle.The title alludes to the third volume of Isaac Newton's Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica which bears the same name.The System of the World won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and the Prometheus Award in 2005 as well as a receiving a nomination for the Arthur C. Clarke Award the same year.
 Plastic Elder Sister (＋チック姉さん Purasu Chikku Neesan) is a manga series drawn by Cha Kurii and published in Young Gangan since September 2009. A 12-episode anime series was produced by TYO Animations and released in 2011 and 2012. The first five episodes were originally released online then later on DVD and Blu-ray Disc along with the rest.
 Q News is a gay and lesbian magazine (LGBT) published every second Friday and is based in Brisbane Queensland Australia and is a privately owned Queensland Company.
 The Winter Prince is Elizabeth Wein's retelling of the Arthurian story of Mordred (here Medraut) detailing Medraut's complicated intense relationship with his legitimate half-brother Lleu.
 Linguistic Inquiry is a peer-reviewed academic journal in generative linguistics published by the MIT Press since 1970. Ever since its foundation it has been edited by Samuel Jay Keyser. Many seminal linguistic articles first appeared on its pages. The volumes since 1998 are available online via the site of the publisher.
 Happy to Be Here is a collection of short stories by Garrison Keillor first published in hardcover by Viking in 1981. It is Keillor's first attempt at publishing a full-length book. Many of the stories first appeared in magazines Keillor wrote for between 1969 and 1981.The work focuses mainly on the everyday lives of ordinary people especially in Minnesota and North Dakota. Among them are musings about trains baseball politics farming marriage and the rights of shy people.
 The Brothers is a fantasy novella written by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was first published by DAW Books in 1986 in Visible Light a collection of her short fiction and was republished in 2004 in The Collected Short Fiction of C. J. Cherryh.The story draws on Celtic mythology and includes the realm of Faery and the fay race of the Sídhe.
 The Monk the Moor and Moses Ben Jalloun is a 2012 novel by Saeed Akhtar Mirza. The book was published by HarperCollins and follows four students as they discover themselves by learning about the past.
 The Journal of Experimental Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Rockefeller University Press that publishes research papers and commentaries on the physiological pathological and molecular mechanisms that encompass the host response to disease. The journal prioritizes studies on intact organisms and has made a commitment to publishing studies on human subjects.
 New Writings in SF 24 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the third volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell.
 The Summer Garden is the third book in Paullina Simons' The Bronze Horseman trilogy. The novel continues the story of Tatiana Metanova and her husband Alexander Belov.
 Dreaming of Babylon: A Private Eye Novel 1942 is Richard Brautigan's eighth novel and was published in 1977. It is a black comedy set in San Francisco in 1942. The central character C. Card is no Sam Spade but actually does do detective work of a sort when he's not off dreaming of Babylon.
 Muslim Nesan (Arwi: مسليم نشن‎ Tamil: முஸ்லிம் நேசன் The Muslim Friend) was a Arabic Tamil (Arwi) and English-language weekly newspaper published from Colombo Ceylon between 1882 and 1889. Mukammatu Kacim Cittilevvai (also transliterated as M.C. Siddi Lebbe) was the publisher owner and editor of Muslim Nesan. Cittilevvai founded Muslim Nesan in Kandy in December 1882.
 Champavati Patra is a Marathi daily published from Beed.
 Miss Hickory is a 1946 novel by Carolyn Sherwin Bailey that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1947.
 The Open Couple (Italian title: Coppia aperta quasi spalancata) is a play by Dario Fo. As with some of Fo's other plays it is a romantic play which was written with his wife Franca Rame. It was written in 1983.The Italian censors restricted it to audiences over the age of 18 when Rame included as a prologue her monologue The Rape (inspired by her own rape).
 The Half Brother (Norwegian: Halvbroren) is a 2001 novel by the Norwegian writer Lars Saabye Christensen. The story follows a man who grows up in Oslo after World War II with his mother grandmother great grandmother and half brother. The novel was published in Norwegian by Cappelen in 2001 and in English for the first time in 2003. It received the Brage Prize and the Nordic Council Literature Prize. A television series based on the novel was broadcast on NRK in 2013.
 CA-Modern is an American magazine devoted to mid-century modern architecture and design in California. It is published by Eichler Network a company based in San Francisco that also operates a website and sends weekly e-mail news flashes to subscribers.
 The Retreat from Moscow is a play written by William Nicholson.The play is about the end of a three-decade marriage and the subsequent emotional fallout. The title is taken from Napoleon's costly invasion of Moscow and the subsequent retreat. It was first performed at the Chichester Festival Theatre in October 1999.
 The UCLA Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: UCLA L. Rev.) is a bimonthly law review established in 1953 and published by students of the UCLA School of Law where it also sponsors an annual symposium.Membership is decided on the basis of a write-on competition that first year students complete after their spring semester. The editorial board is selected from the staff. Past editors have included federal judges Paul J. Watford Sandra Segal Ikuta and Kim McLane Wardlaw.
 The Greater Death of Saito Saku is a 2005 fantasy short story by Richard Harland.
 Sudharma is the only daily newspaper published in Sanskrit a liturgical language for many Indian religions. The paper is published from the city of Mysore in the Indian state of Karnataka. Started in the year 1970 the circulation of the paper is mainly through post.
 Sailor Song is a 1992 novel written by Ken Kesey. Sailor Song takes place sometime in the 2020s and details the lives of the residents of Kuinak a small town in Alaska. It is a quiet small fishing town until a Hollywood movie crew come to shoot a scene and transforms the town.It centers around a small group of people including Isaak Sallas a sometimes reluctant hero his Jamaican friend Emil Greer his boss fisherman Michael Carmody and Carmody's wife the oft angry Alice Carmody.
 Mother Goose in Prose is a collection of twenty-two children's stories based on Mother Goose nursery rhymes. It was the first children's book written by L. Frank Baum and the first book illustrated by Maxfield Parrish. It was originally published in 1897 by Way and Williams of Chicago and re-released by the George M. Hill Company in 1901.
 Predator is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell.
 Art in the San Francisco Bay Area 1945-1980: An Illustrated History is a 1985 nonfiction book by art critic Thomas Albright about the modern history of art in the San Francisco Bay Area. It was published by the University of California Press.
 Box Office Poison is a series of comic books (originally published by Antarctic Press) by Alex Robinson. It was published in collected form by Top Shelf Productions in 2001. The story concerns the life and trials of a group of young people in New York City.Box Office Poison has been translated into Spanish titled Malas Ventas;Portuguese titled Fracasso de Publico;French titled De mal en pis and Greek.
 The Mausoleum Murder is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts which is the fourth novel in the The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the sequel to The Amazon Temple Quest.
 The Cyclops (Ancient Greek: Κύκλωψ Kyklōps) is an Ancient Greek satyr play by Euripides the only complete satyr play that has survived antiquity. It is a comical burlesque-like play on the same story depicted in book nine of Homer's Odyssey.
 Carry Me Back to Morningside Heights is an American play about a young Jewish man who insists on becoming a slave to an African-American law student as a personal penance for the years of wrongs whites have done to blacks.The 1968 Broadway production was directed by Sidney Poitier and featured Louis Gossett Jr. Diane Ladd and Cicely Tyson. It ran for seven performances.
 Yeni Aktüel (New News in Turkish; increasingly downplays the Yeni and may be referred to simply as Aktüel) is a Turkish weekly news magazine. It was established in 1991 by Ercan Arıklı. Its first editor (1991 - 1995) was Alper Görmüş.
 Haō Taikei Ryū Knight (覇王大系リューナイト Haō Taikei Ryū Naito) is a manga series written and illustrated by Takehiko Itō. It was originally serialized monthly in the Shueisha magazine V-Jump starting in 1993. A 52-episode anime television adaptation of the series was produced by Sunrise directed by Toshifumi Kawase and aired in Japan from April 5 1994 to March 28 1995. Due to its success the series gained three original video animation (OVA) series.
 Economic Policy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Centre for Economic Policy Research the Center for Economic Studies of the University of Munich (CES) and the Paris School of Economics (PSE). The journal was established in 1985. The journal covers international economic policy topics such as macroeconomics microeconomics the labour market trade exchange rate taxation economic growth government spending and migration.
 The Sports Argus was a Saturday sports paper printed on distinctive pink paper and published in Birmingham England between 1897 and 2006. Its great appeal was that it was available very shortly after all the Saturday 3pm games had been completed.The first edition was published on 6 February 1897. For many years the Argus was the largest-selling sports newspaper in Britain and had between 32 and 40 pages. Its final edition as a standalone newspaper was published on 13 May 2006.
 Explorers of the Body is a book by Steven Lehrer that tells the story of epochal medical discoveries which have profoundly affected human health and the men and women who made them.
 Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines is a 2004 textbook offering a general review of the theoretical and experimental literature pertaining to physical self-replicating systems. The principal focus of the book is on self-replicating machine systems (see also: robot kinematics). Specifically with kinematic self-replicating machines systems in which actual physical objects not mere patterns of information undertake their own replication.Kinematic was written by Robert Freitas and Ralph Merkle.
 Michael Strogoff: The Courier of the Czar (French: Michel Strogoff) is a novel written by Jules Verne in 1876. Critics including Leonard S. Davidow writing from Reading Pennsylvania in his 1937 introduction to The Spencer Press reprint as a volume in its Classic Romances of Literature series consider it one of Verne's best books.
 The Story of A Fierce Bad Rabbit is a children’s book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in December 1906. The book tells of a bad little rabbit who is fired upon by a hunter and loses his tail and whiskers. The book was intended for babies and very young children and was originally published on a strip of paper that folded into a wallet and was tied with a ribbon.
 Why Mommy is a Democrat is a children's book written and self-published by Jeremy Zilber that promotes the Democratic Party of the United States. The book illustrates principles of the Democratic Party with the mommy relating each one to something she does for her children. It was one of several partisan political books for children including Help! Mom! There Are Liberals Under My Bed that came out in 2006–07.
 The The Advertiser News is a weekly newspaper in Spring Hill Tennessee. It is owned and published by Stephens Media LLC. The newspaper is published once a week every Wednesday. Its Newspaper Designated Market (N.D.M.) stretches into two cities in two separate counties in Middle Tennessee. It is primarily distributed to zip code 37174 Spring Hill (both the Maury County Tennessee side and the Williamson County Tennessee side and zip code 37179 Thompson's Station Tennessee.
 Christowell: a Dartmoor tale is a three-volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1882. It is set in the fictional village of Christowell on the eastern edge of Dartmoor.
 Weekly Young Jump (週刊ヤングジャンプ Shūkan Yangu Janpu) launched in 1979 is a weekly Japanese magazine that publishes various seinen manga in each issue. It is published by Shueisha under the Jump line of magazines. The chapters of series that run in Weekly Young Jump are collected and published in tankōbon volumes under the Young Jump Comics imprint every four months.
 Hush Hush is a 2009 New York Times Bestselling young adult fantasy novel by Becca Fitzpatrick and the first book in her Hush Hush series.
 River of Smoke (2011) is a novel by Indian novelist Amitav Ghosh. It is the second volume of what will be the Ibis trilogy.
 First published in 1908 The Elusive Pimpernel by Baroness Orczy is the 4th book in the classic adventure series about the Scarlet Pimpernel.A French-language version translated and adapted by Charlotte and Marie-Louise Desroyses was also produced under the title Nouveaux Exploits du Mouron Rouge.It was adapted into a silent film The Elusive Pimpernel in 1919.
 La Prensa Gráfica commonly known as La Prensa is a daily newspaper published in El Salvador by Grupo Dutriz. La Prensa is a mainstream metropolitan newspaper and became one of the first newspapers to print in color in Central America[citation needed].
 Urbe Bikini (UB) is a Venezuelan Maxim-styled monthly men's magazine with original photographs of famous models and editorial content geared to men 25 to 40. From its launch in December 2003 Urbe Bikini has become the largest circulation glossy in the country. The magazine was published by the same company that in 1995 had launched Venezuela's first alternative weekly Urbe.
 The Scions of Shannara is a fantasy novel by Terry Brooks. It is the first book in the Heritage of Shannara series which takes place three hundred years after the end of the previous Shannara trilogy. The first version was published in 1990. The book follows the lives of the Scions of Shannara Par Ohmsford Walker Boh and Wren (Ohmsford).
 Superman: Deadly Legacy is a special-edition “humanitarian comic book” featuring Superman that promotes “landmine awareness” among children particularly from countries where there are active landmines after war. The Superman comic book was published by DC Comics the United States government and United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF) in 1996.
 Cranks and Shadows is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1990s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Mario Balzic is the protagonist an atypical detective for the genre a Serbo-Italian American cop middle-aged unpretentious a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force.
 Anarchy: A Journal of Desire Armed is a North American anarchist magazine and was one of the most popular anarchist publications in North America in the 1980s and 1990s. It could be described as a general interest and critical non-ideological anarchist journal.
 Diogenes is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of philosophy and the humanities. The journal's editors are Maurice Aymard (Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales) and Luca Maria Scarantino (IULM). It has been in publication since 1953 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the International Council for Philosophy and Humanistic Studies with the support of UNESCO.
 Hellboy: Seed of Destruction is the first Hellboy comic book mini-series published by Dark Horse Comics. It was conceived and illustrated by Mike Mignola and scripted by John Byrne.This was in part the basis for the first Hellboy motion picture.
 Metro Santa Cruz a free-circulation weekly newspaper published in Santa Cruz California from 1994 to 2009 was renamed the Santa Cruz Weekly on May 6 2009.
 Death du Jour is the second novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 The Ides of April is a 2013 historical crime novel by Lindsey Davis. It is set in ancient Rome and its central character is Flavia Albia British-born adopted daughter of Marcus Didius Falco the hero of the author's 20-volume Falco series published from 1989 to 2010. Flavia Albia is a 28-year-old widowed informer a detective like her father.
 I Ran Away with a Truck Driver is a 9-page romance comics story published in Teen-Age Romances No. 23 by St. John Publishing in August 1952 with art (and possibly script) by Matt Baker. The story tells of a small town girl rebelling against parents who want to send her to a girls' college. She would rather attend a coed school. However she runs away to Chicago with a handsome young truck driver who promises her thrills galore. He steals her money and abandons her in the city.
 The New York State Conservationist is a bimonthly ad-free magazine published by New York's Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC). It carries articles on environmental and conservation issues around the state DEC is involved with plus outdoor recreation opportunities on DEC land.The magazine bills itself as New York's Premiere Outdoor Magazine: Bringing Nature to Your Door.
 Ubuntu User is a paper magazine that was launched by Linux New Media AG in May 2009.The publication is aimed at users of the Ubuntu operating system and focuses on reviews community news how to articles and troubleshooting tips. It also includes a Discovery Guide aimed at beginners.
 Assessment for Effective Intervention is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers psychoeducational assessment. The editor-in-chief is Erica S. Lembke (University of Missouri). Sarah Conoyer (Texas A & M University-Commerce) is the Editorial Assistant. It was established in 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 Restless is an espionage novel written by William Boyd published in 2006. It won the Costa Prize for fiction.The novel depicts the tale of a young woman who discovers that her mother was recruited as a spy during World War II. The book continually switches between time periods and in doing so from first to third person. According to the author it is one of the first novels to deal with the British Security Coordination service in New York.
 Solaris is a 1961 Polish science fiction novel by Stanisław Lem. The book is about the ultimate inadequacy of communication between human and non-human species.In probing and examining the oceanic surface of the planet Solaris from a hovering research station the human scientists are in turn being studied by the sentient planet itself which probes for and examines the thoughts of the human beings who are analyzing it.
 The Name of the Wind (The Kingkiller Chronicle: Day One) is a fantasy novel by Patrick Rothfuss the first book in a series called The Kingkiller Chronicle. It was published in 2007 by DAW Books with two possible hardcovers: one features the face of the Green Man with the title letters in silver and the other shows the figure of Kvothe with the letters printed in gold.
 The Isolinguals is a classic science fiction story addressing the concept of ancestral memory by L. Sprague de Camp. It was his first published story. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Stories for September 1937 and first appeared in book form in the anthology First Flight: Maiden Voyages in Space and Time (Lancer Books Aug. 1963; reprinted Nov. 1966 and Nov. 1969 (as Now Begins Tomorrow).
 Race Walking Record (abbreviated RWR) is a nonprofit magazine about the sport of race walking and walking events primarily aimed at a UK audience. The magazine was founded in London in 1941 by Alf McSweeney in order to keep athletes serving as soldiers in World War II informed about their sport back home. Alf McSweeney was president of the Race Walking Association at the time and a printer by trade.Race Walking was a successful Olympic sport for Great Britain at that time.
 Empire of Two Worlds is the third science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley. The main characters are tankless inhabitants of a dim and dry colony world who attempt to find a lost gateway back to Earth.
 Foundations and Trends in Technology Information and Operations Management is a journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of technology information and operations management. The editor-in-chief is Charles Corbett (The Anderson School of Management).
 The Song of the Happy Shepherd is a poem by William Butler Yeats. It was first published under this title in his first book The Wanderings of Oisin and Other Poems but in fact the same poem had appeared twice before: as an epilogue to Yeats' poem The Isle of Statues and again as an epilogue to his verse play Mosada. On the first of these occasions the poem was said to be spoken by a satyr carrying a conch shell.
 The Pirates of Coney Island is an eight-issue comic book series published by Image Comics first released in October 2006. It is written by Rick Spears and penciled and inked by Vasilis Lolos. The series is on hiatus with only six of the planned eight issues being released.
 Religious Studies Review (RSR) is the journal of the Council of Societies for the Study of Religion (CSSR) which is based at Rice University. The journal is published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell. RSR reviews over 1000 titles annually in review essays and critical notes.
 Besida (Rusyn: Бесіда Language) is a journal edited by Petro Trochanowski in Krynica Poland. It is known as a source of information about the Lemkos people.
 The Quest of Erebor is a work of fantasy fiction by J. R. R. Tolkien posthumously published by his son Christopher Tolkien in Unfinished Tales (1980). This work explains how and why Gandalf arranged for the retaking of the Lonely Mountain (Erebor in Sindarin) an adventure recounted from the perspective of Bilbo Baggins many years before in Tolkien's The Hobbit.The term Quest of Erebor can also refer to the quest told in The Hobbit.
 The Tamil Nesan (Tamil: தமிழ் நேசன்) is a Tamil newspaper published in Malaysia and the oldest Tamil newspaper in the country established in 1924. The first issue was published on September 24 1924.It is published in the Tamil language and caters to the ethnic Indian community in Malaysia.
 You're Welcome America. A Final Night with George W Bush is a comedic Broadway play starring Will Ferrell as George W. Bush. It was broadcast live on the HBO cable channel as well as in Canada on March 14 2009 at 9:00PM EST. Ferrell who has famously depicted Bush on Saturday Night Live also wrote the play which is directed by his long-time comedy partner Adam McKay.
 The Contender is the debut novel by American author and sports journalist Robert Lipsyte. It was published in 1967.The book's plot evolves a black seventeen-year-old man named Alfred Brooks a high school dropout living with Aunt Pearl and her 3 daughters in Harlem New York City.
 CHARGE! is a miniature wargaming newsletter / fanzine published quarterly by the Johnny Reb Gaming Society headquartered in York Pennsylvania.
 A Ghost in the Machine is a work of detective fiction by Caroline Graham the seventh in her popular Chief Inspector Barnaby series which has been adapted into the equally successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders.
 For the Hardy Boys novel see Day of the Dinosaur.The Day of the Dinosaur is a science book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp illustrated with plates. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1968 and in paperback by Curtis Books in 1970 or 1971. A second hardcover edition was issued by Bonanza Books in 1985.
 Possessing the Secret of Joy is a 1992 novel by Alice Walker.
 Zay Gwet (Burmese: ဈေးကွက်;) is a weekly newspaper published in Burma. It specializes in economics and market study and related subjects.
 Santa Evita is a 1995 novel by the Argentine writer Tomás Eloy Martínez. In a blend of fact and fiction the novel focuses on the Argentine first lady Eva Perón and tracks her embalmed corpse after her death from cancer at age 33. The book became a bestseller in Argentina and has been widely translated. Worldwide it estimated to have sold 10 million copies which makes it one of the best-selling books of all time.
 Photonics and Nanostructures: Fundamentals and Applications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published quarterly by Elsevier. The editors-in-chief are H. Benisty (Campus Polytechnique) T.F. Krauss (University of St Andrews) E. Ozbay (Bilkent University) and C.M. Soukoulis (Iowa State University).
 The Craven Herald & Pioneer is a weekly newspaper covering the Craven area of North Yorkshire as well as part of the Pendle area of Lancashire. Until 29 October 2009 it remained one of only two weekly papers in the United Kingdom that continued to have a front page consisting wholly of advertisements. On 22 October 2009 it was announced that the edition on 29 October 2009 would be the last broadsheet edition with adverts on the front cover.
 Silver Diamond (シルバー ダイヤモンド Shirubā Daiyamondo) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shiho Sugiura. It is published in the monthly magazine Ichiraci. It has been licensed for an English-language release in North America by Tokyopop.
 Code Noir is a postcyberpunk novel by science fiction author Marianne de Pierres and the Second Parrish Plessis Novel
 Junjou Romantica: Pure Romance (Japanese: 純情ロマンチカ/ピュア ロマンス Hepburn: Junjō Romanchika lit. Pure-Hearted Romantica) stylized as Junjou Romantica ~Pure Romance~ is a yaoi series by Shungiku Nakamura. It focuses on three storylines; the main couple which comprises the bulk of the books and two other male couples that provide ongoing side stories (Junjo Egoist and Junjo Terrorist).
 Digital Humanities Quarterly is a peer-reviewed open-access academic journal covering all aspects of digital media in the humanities. The journal is also a community experiment in journal publication.The journal is funded and published by the Alliance of Digital Humanities Organizations and its editor-in-chief is Julia Flanders. The other two general editors are Wendell Piez and Melissa Terras.
 Phoebe Daring: A Story for Young Folk is a mystery novel for juvenile readers written by L. Frank Baum the author of the Oz books. Published in 1912 it was a sequel to the previous year's The Daring Twins and the second and final installment in a proposed series of similar books. Phoebe Daring was illustrated by Joseph Pierre Nuyttens the artist who illustrated Baum's The Flying Girl Annabel and The Flying Girl and Her Chum in the same period.
 The Dresden Dolls Companion is a songbook by American musical duo The Dresden Dolls which was released in July 2006. It contains sheet music from the band's debut record The Dresden Dolls and insight into the songwriting song-meanings and process by which the record was prepared and recorded as well as color photos of the band throughout the years. Each page of sheet music has scribbled extras and suggestions hand-written in by Amanda Palmer.
 Yaban (The Strange) is a 1932 novel by Turkish author Yakup Kadri Karaosmanoğlu.The book tells the story of Ahmet Celal a retired Turkish officer and an intellectual who leaves Istanbul after its occupation by the British army in 1918 and heads for the rustic village of one of his soldiers in central Anatolia. In this anti-pastoralist account he finds that he is not welcomed by the peasants although he once idealised them.
 The Keene Sentinel is an independently owned daily newspaper published in Keene New Hampshire. It currently publishes seven days a week.
 L'Acadie Nouvelle is an independent French newspaper published in Caraquet New Brunswick Canada since June 6 1984. It is published from Monday through Saturday and is the only independent daily in New Brunswick.
 Heaven and Hell is a philosophical essay by Aldous Huxley published in 1956. Huxley derived the title from William Blake's book The Marriage of Heaven and Hell. The essay discusses the relationship between bright colorful objects geometric designs psychoactives art and profound experience.
 The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet is the fifth novel by David Mitchell. It is a historical novel set during the Dutch trading concession with Japan in the late 18th century during the period of Japanese history known as Sakoku.
 Glas Koncila is a Croatian Roman Catholic weekly newspaper published in Zagreb and distributed throughout the country.
 America is a national weekly magazine published by the American Jesuits that contains news and opinion about Catholicism and how it relates to American politics and cultural life.
 Betrayers of the Truth: Fraud and Deceit in the Halls of Science is a book by William Broad and Nicholas Wade published in 1982 by Simon & Schuster in New York and subsequently (1983) also by Century Publishing in London and with a simplified subtitle as Betrayers of the Truth: Fraud and Deceit in Science by Oxford University Press in 1985.
 The Assassins' Gate: America in Iraq is a non-fiction book detailing the 2003 invasion of Iraq and its aftermath by American journalist George Packer otherwise best known for his writings in The New Yorker. He published the work through Farrar Straus & Giroux in 2005. Packer stated that the whole project became a bungled mess with American officials in the George W.
 When the Moon Forgot (originally published in Chinese as 月亮忘记了 [The Moon Forgets]) is a children's book originally written in Chinese by Jimmy Liao in 1999. It was later translated into English in 2009 and published by Little Brown and Company.
 The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin is the traditional name for the unfinished record of his own life written by Benjamin Franklin from 1771 to 1790; however Franklin himself appears to have called the work his Memoirs.
 Wednesday Is Indigo Blue: Discovering the Brain of Synesthesia is a 2009 non-fiction book written by Richard Cytowic and David Eagleman documenting the current scientific understanding of synesthesia a perceptual condition where an experience of one sense (such as sight) causes an automatic and involuntary experience in another sense (such as hearing). The afterword is written by Dimitri Nabokov a synesthete and the son of the well-known author and synesthete Vladimir Nabokov.
 Drylands (1999) (subtitled A Book for the World's Last Reader) is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Thea Astley. This novel shared the award with Benang by Kim Scott.
 Monatshefte für Mathematik is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal established in 1890. Among its well-known papers is Über formal unentscheidbare Sätze der Principia Mathematica und verwandter Systeme I by Kurt Gödel published in 1931.The journal was founded by Gustav von Escherich and Emil Weyr in 1890 as Monatshefte für Mathematik und Physik and published until 1941. In 1947 it was reestablished by Johann Radon under its current title.
 Behind the Evidence is a science fiction novel by authors Amelia Reynolds Long and William L. Crawford writing under the pseudonym Peter Reynolds. It was published in 1936 by the Visionary Publishing Company in an edition of 100 copies.
 The Vail Daily is a free 15000 circulation newspaper in Eagle County Colorado published seven days a week. The Vail Daily is distributed in stores coffee shops restaurants bars and workplaces and also has a comprehensive online website. The Vail Daily covers the Colorado communities of Vail Avon Edwards Beaver Creek and Minturn as well as greater Eagle County.
 Martyn Pig is a thriller by Kevin Brooks published on April 1 2002 by The Chicken House and aimed at teens and young adults. Martyn Pig won the Branford Boase Award in 2003 and was shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal in 2002.
 The following is a list of Little Miss characters from the children's book series by Roger Hargreaves; the series was also adapted into The Mr. Men Show. Books one (Little Miss Bossy) to thirty (Little Miss Somersault) were written by Hargreaves and the remainder by his son Adam Hargreaves.
 The Sword of Paros (パロスの剣 Parosu no Ken) is a 1986 yuri historical fantasy manga composed of three volumes written by Kaoru Kurimoto a science fiction author best known for Guin Saga and illustrated by Yumiko Igarashi best known for Candy Candy. The plot of The Sword of Paros is also strongly centred on the romance of the protagonists one of whom like Oscar in The Rose of Versailles is trying to pass as a man.
 Three Uneasy Pieces is a collection of three short stories by Australian writer Patrick White first published by Pascoe Publishing in 1987. It is the final work of fiction he published in his life.
 The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby was an 8½ hour long adaptation of Charles Dickens’ novel performed in 2 parts. Part 1 was 4 hours in length with one interval of 15 minutes. Part 2 was 4½ hours in length with two intervals of 12 minutes. It was originally presented onstage over two evenings or in its entirety from early afternoon with a dinner break. Later it was presented on television over four evenings.The opening night was on 5 June 1980.
 Swords and Ice Magic is a fantasy short story collection by Fritz Leiber featuring his sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. It is chronologically the sixth volume in the complete seven volume edition of the collected stories devoted to the characters. It was first published in paperback in July 1977 by Ace Books which reprinted the title numerous times through 1990; a later paperback edition was issued by Dark Horse (2007).
 Men of Avalon / The White Sybil is an anthology of two fantasy stories. It was published by Fantasy Publications in 1935 in an edition of 500 copies. The anthology contains two stories that were submitted for the publisher's magazines Marvel Tales and Unusual Stories but were too long for magazine publication.
 Gundam Sentinel (ガンダム・センチネル Gandamu Senchineru) is a novel set in the Universal Century timeline of the Gundam universe originally serialized in Model Graphix magazine between September 1987 and August 1988. Gundam Sentinel became a cult hit due to its super-detailed mechanical designs and an intricate story by veteran writer Masaya Takahashi.
 Freedom on the Wallaby Henry Lawson's well known poem was written as a comment on the 1891 Australian shearers' strike and published by William Lane in the Worker in Brisbane 16 May 1891. The last two stanzas of the poem were read out by Frederick Brentnall MP on 15 July 1891 in the Queensland Legislative Council during a 'Vote of Thanks' to the armed police who broke up the Barcaldine strike camp. There were calls in the chamber for Lawson's arrest for sedition.
 Funny Money is a farce written by Ray Cooney. It premièred at The Churchill Theatre Bromley London England in 1994 followed by a successful two-year run in the West End. Cooney directed his own play and also played the part of Henry Perkins. In 2006 the play was adapted into a movie starring Chevy Chase.
 Rendiconti del Seminario Matematico della Università di Padova (The Mathematical Journal of the University of Padua) is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Seminario Matematico of the University of Padua established in 1930.The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2009 MCQ was 0.22 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.311.
 The Encounter (original Spanish title: El encuentro) is a 1969 short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges and later included in the collection Dr. Brodie's Report first published in 1970.es:El congreso
 The Black Pearl is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Dark Horse Comics in 1996 written by Eric Johnson and Mark Hamill illustrated by H. M. Baker and inked by Bruce Patterson and Dan Schaeffer. The story focuses on Luther Drake a troubled man who becomes a costumed vigilante hero by accident and media pressure.
 The Zeitschrift für Philosophie und philosophische Kritik was an academic journal. It was established in 1837 by editor-in-chief Immanuel Hermann Fichte as Zeitschrift für Philosophie und spekulative Theologie and renamed in 1847. Publication was suspended from 1848 to 1852 after which Hermann Ulrici and Johann Ulrich Wirth joined Fichte as editors.
 In Defense of Global Capitalism (in Swedish: Till världskapitalismens försvar) is a book by Swedish writer Johan Norberg promoting economic globalization and free trade. The book was originally published in May 2001 by the Swedish think tank Timbro. Since then a number of translations into other languages have followed.In the book Norberg examines the arguments put forward by the anti-globalization movement.
 Mutation Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes research papers in the area of mutation research which focus on fundamental mechanisms underlying the phenotypic and genotypic expression of genetic damage.
 Bad Moon Rising: An Anthology of Political Forebodings was a science fiction short story anthology edited by Thomas M. Disch published in 1973. The title is taken from the 1969 song Bad Moon Rising by the band Creedence Clearwater Revival.
 The Grass Harp is a novel by Truman Capote published on October 1 1951 It tells the story of an orphaned boy and two elderly ladies who observe life from a tree. They eventually leave their temporary retreat to make amends with each other and other members of society.
 The Statement of Randolph Carter is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft. Written in December 1919 it was first published in The Vagrant May 1920. It tells of a traumatic event in the life of Randolph Carter a student of the occult loosely representing Lovecraft himself. It is the first story in which Carter appears and is part of Lovecraft's Dream Cycle.
 The Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers is a 2007 graphic novel by Indian graphic artist Sarnath Banerjee. It is the author's second graphic novel after Corridor which has been widely advertised as the first Indian graphic novel.
 On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness (ISBN 978-1-4000-7384-9) is a fantasy novel published in 2008 written by Andrew Peterson. On The Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness is about three siblings Janner Tink and Leeli Igiby their mother Nia Igiby their ex-pirate grandfather Podo Helmer and the Fangs of Dang lizard-like conquerors of the Igiby family's country whose lives' purpose seems to be to make the Igiby family and every other human around miserable.
 Ice Station is Australian thriller writer Matthew Reilly's second novel released in 1998.
 Principia philosophiae cartesianae or Renati Descartes Principia Philosophiae More Geometrico Demonstrata is a philosophical work of Baruch Spinoza published in Amsterdam in 1663. In the preface to this work Ludovic Meyer explains that it is a reconstruction of René Descartes' Principles of Philosophy in the Euclidean or geometric fashion.
 Vidi is a computer magazine the first issue was released in November 1994. Its main topics are computers but there are also articles about all segments of society where computers are in use.
 Al-Watan (Arabic: الوطن‎ meaning The Homeland) is a daily morning Arabic language political newspaper based in Doha Qatar. The paper is one of the three Arabic newspapers in the country along with Al Raya and Al Sharq.
 Sprite (スプライト Supuraito) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yūgo Ishikawa.It's published in France by Kazé and in Italy by GP Publishing.
 La storia della Arcana Famiglia (アルカナ・ファミリア Arukana Famiria Italian for The Story of the Arcane Family) is a Japanese visual novel series by HuneX and Comfort. The first game was released on October 27 2011 for the PlayStation Portable (PSP). A fan disc (also for the PSP) titled Arcana Famiglia -Vascello Phantasma no Majutsushi- (アルカナ・ファミリア -幽霊船（ヴァスチェロ・ファンタズマ）の魔術師-) was released on June 21 2012 featuring two new characters: Ash and Joshua.
 OutNow Newsmagazine also known as ON and ON Magazine is a monthly lifestyle magazine that targets lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) members of the gay community in the San Francisco Bay Area. OutNow has been published since 1992 from its headquarters in San Jose California in the Silicon Valley.Every month the magazine has a different content focus such as health relationships home improvements weekend getaways Pride sports arts and entertainment business and more.
 Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo (薬師寺涼子の怪奇事件簿 lit. Ryōko Yakushiji's Strange Case Files) is a series that consist of the anime TV series manga and light novels created by Yoshiki Tanaka and illustrated by Narumi Kakinouchi.
 Poor Economics: A Radical Rethinking of the Way to Fight Global Poverty (2011) is a non-fiction book by Abhijit V. Banerjee and Esther Duflo both professors of Economics at MIT. The book reports on the effectiveness of solutions to global poverty using an evidence-based randomized control trial approach. It won the 2011 Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award.
 Blinding (Romanian: Orbitor) is a novel in three volumes by the Romanian writer Mircea Cărtărescu. It consists of the installments Aripa stângă (The left wing) from 1996 Corpul (The body) from 2002 and Aripa dreaptă (The right wing) from 2007. An English translation is set to be published in October 2013.
 Testimony (Russian: Свидетельство) is a book that was published in October 1979 by the Russian musicologist Solomon Volkov. He claimed that it was the memoirs of the composer Dmitri Shostakovich. From its publication its portrayal of the composer and his views was controversial: the Shostakovich of the book was sometimes critical of fellow composers and most notably was strongly anti-Soviet in his views.
 The Harpole Report is the third novel by J. L. Carr published in 1972. The novel tells the story mostly in the form of a school log book kept by George Harpole temporary Head Teacher of the Church of England primary school of Tampling St. Nicholas. The novel has attained a minor cult status within the teaching profession.
 Interface is a 1994 novel by Neal Stephenson and George Jewsbury. It was originally sold with the author pseudonym of Stephen Bury then reissued as being by Bury and J.
 Love and Death in Bali (German:Liebe und Tod auf Bali) is a 1937 novel by the Austrian writer Vicki Baum. It is set during the 1906 Dutch intervention in Bali . Baum had recently stayed in Bali with her friend Walter Spies who supplied her with background for the novel. It is also known by the title A Tale from Bali.
 The Eastern Daily Press (EDP) is a regional newspaper covering Norfolk and northern parts of Suffolk and eastern Cambridgeshire and is published daily in Norwich UK. Founded in 1870 as a broadsheet called the Eastern Counties Daily Press it changed its name to the Eastern Daily Press in 1872. It moved to the compact (tabloid) format in the mid-1990s. The paper is now owned and published by Archant formerly known as Eastern Counties Newspapers Group.
 The Jordan Times is an English daily newspaper based in Amman Jordan.
 Kushiel's Justice is a novel by Jacqueline Carey. It is the sequel to Kushiel's Scion. Kushiel's Scion is itself the sequel to the Kushiel's Legacy Trilogy (Kushiel's Dart Kushiel's Chosen and Kushiel's Avatar). Since they are directly connected this is at times described as the fifth in a series; however it is also often described as the second of the latter series dubbed the 'Imriel Trilogy'.
 The Folsom Flint and Other Curious Tales is a collection of stories by author David H. Keller. It was released in 1969 by Arkham House in an edition of 2031 copies. It was the author's second book to be published by Arkham House.
 The Guide is a 1958 novel written in English by the Indian author R. K. Narayan. Like most of his works the novel is based in Malgudi the fictional town in South India. The novel describes the transformation of the protagonist Raju from a tour guide to a spiritual guide and then one of the greatest holy men of India.The novel brought its author the 1960 Sahitya Akademi Award for English by the Sahitya Akademi India's National Academy of Letters.
 The Dominion Post is the only commercial daily newspaper in Morgantown West Virginia. It is the merger over time of the Morgantown New Dominion the Morgantown News which became the Morgantown Dominion-News and the Morgantown Post. The term New Dominion was a reference to Virginia's state nickname of Old Dominion referencing the separation of the state in 1863.
 The Destruction of the European Jews is a book published in 1961 by historian Raul Hilberg. Hilberg revised his work in 1985 and it appeared in a new three-volume edition. It is largely held to be the first comprehensive historical study of the Holocaust. According to Holocaust historian Michael R.
 Flotsam (German: Liebe deinen Nächsten) is a novel first published in 1939 by the German author Erich Maria Remarque. The novel describes the interwoven stories of several immigrants who left Germany at the time of National Socialism.
 The Regulatory Affairs Journal Pharma (RAJ Pharma) is an English language international pharmaceutical information and analysis service published by Informa plc. First published as a monthly print journal in 1992 it includes articles covering worldwide regulatory affairs within the pharmaceutical industry. The journal has now developed into an online global business intelligence and analysis service.
 Booster Gold was an ongoing monthly DC Comics comic book series featuring the eponymous superhero Booster Gold created by Dan Jurgens. This article is about the second Booster Gold series which began publication in October 2007. After twelve issues co-writers Geoff Johns and Jeff Katz left the series leaving Jurgens as the main writer and artist along with Norm Rapmund as co-artist. With #32 Keith Giffen and J.M.
 Traitor to the Living (1973) is a science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer. The story follows Herald Childe a private detective. Childe is also the lead character in two prior Farmer novels published as pornography by Essex House. In this non-erotic novel the lead character is clearly Herald Childe but it follows the events of a never-written third book which left Childe amnesiac.
 The Complete Book of Running is a 1977 non-fiction book written by Jim Fixx.
 The Man Who (Thought He) Looked Like Robert Taylor (1983) is a book written by Filipino-American novelist and short story author Bienvenido Santos. The title basically imparts that the protagonist of the novel lived believing that he has a semblance to his idolized American actor Robert Taylor. This fiction by Santos is regarded as one of the finest examples of exceptional English-language writings about the personal emotional and moving experiences of Filipino migrants in America.
 Trackers is a series of untitled books written by Patrick Carman. The books appear to be an interview with Detective Ganz. and Adam sitting in a room on Tuesday August 12 which is most likely in 2009. The books include codes for the videos at http://www.trackersinterface.com. Missions to become a tracker are available at http://www.missions.trackersinterface.com. See #Missions for more details.
 The Edge is Malaysia's leading financial and investment news publication by The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.Launched in 1994 The Edge provides readers with authoritative analytical content on the corporate investment real estate technology management media and lifestyle sectors. It has become the weekly staple of corporate executives keeping abreast of business and investment developments in the country.
 Capital in the Twenty-First Century is a 2013 book written by French economist Thomas Piketty. It focuses on wealth and income inequality and their variation and distribution since the 18th century using datasets from many countries. It was initially published in French with an English translation released in April 2014.The book has been compared to Marx's Das Kapital improving his analysis by using modern economic data.
 Scarecrow is the fifth Matthew Reilly novel and the third to feature the main character Captain Shane Schofield USMC. It was released in 2003.
 The Fifth Child is a short novel by the British writer Doris Lessing first published in the United Kingdom in 1988 and since translated into a number of languages. The book describes the changes in the happy life of a married couple Harriet and David Lovatt which occur as a consequence of the birth of Ben their fifth child. A sequel Ben in the World (2000) further develops Ben's life after he has left his family.[citation needed]
 Metro Weekly is a free weekly magazine for the lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community in Washington D.C. U.S.A. It was first published on May 5 1994. Metro Weekly includes national and local news interviews with LGBT leaders and politicians community event calendars nightlife guides and reviews of the District's arts and entertainment scene. The website's Scene section has archived over 40000 original photos from Washington's LGBT community events.
 Fortune's Fool is a fantasy novel by Mercedes Lackey published in 2007 and is the third book in the Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms series. As in the previous book One Good Knight characters from the first and second are either mentioned or appear as secondary characters.
 The Colorado Springs Sun was a broadsheet-format newspaper published in Colorado Springs Colorado United States. The Sun was a daily newspaper that competed with The Gazette until 1986 when Freedom Communications bought it for $30 million and shut it down. The sale included the Sun’s archives and its name.
 Miles Gloriosus is a comedic play written by Titus Maccius Plautus (c. 254–184 B.C.). It is also known as The Swaggering Soldier. His source for Miles Gloriosus was a Greek play now lost called Alazon or The Braggart. Although the characters in Miles Gloriosus speak Latin they are Greeks with Greek names clothing and customs. The action takes place in Ephesus a Greek city on the coast of Asia Minor famous for its Temple of Artemis one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
 A dumb Dora is 1920s American slang for a foolish woman.The epithet arose from the vaudeville act of George Burns and his wife Gracie Allen It was eventually turned into a classic comic strip produced by King Features Syndicate. Although this strip was discontinued in 1935 a popular 1960s and 1970s CBS game show Match Game occasionally alluded to the strip by asking those watching in the studio to shout in unison How dumb is she? (borrowing from a routine from The Tonight Show).
 Journal of Hand Surgery (European Volume) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Orthopedics and Surgery. The journal's Editor-in-Chief is Grey Giddins. It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of British Society for Surgery of the Hand.
 You'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again is an autobiography by Julia Phillips detailing her career as a film producer and disclosing the power games and debauchery of New Hollywood in the 1970s and 1980s. It was first published in 1991 and became an immediate cause célèbre and bestseller. The book was reissued in 2002 after the author's death.
 Embarcadero Media is the parent company of the Palo Alto Weekly The Almanac of Menlo Park the Mountain View Voice the Pleasanton Weekly and Palo Alto Online. It was founded in 1979 by William Johnson.
 Den of Thieves is the third book in the Cat Royal series written by Julia Golding. In this story the protagonist Cat becomes homeless travels to Paris dances with an old French man and becomes a spy.
 Authority is a 2014 novel by Jeff VanderMeer. It is the second in a series of three books called the Southern Reach Trilogy. The book is said to focus on the Southern Reach agency. In an interview VanderMeer states that if Annihilation is an expedition into Area X then Authority is an expedition into the Southern Reach the agency sending in the expeditions. It is scheduled to be released in May 2014.
 Optik – International Journal for Light and Electron Optics or simply Optik (German for Optics) is a scientific journal specializing in the optics of light and electrons. It is included in the Web of Science and other standard indexes.Despite its low impact factor (0.507 as of 2008 ranking it 52 out of 64 in the Journal Citation Reports category Optics) Optik has published a number of highly cited papers one having as many as 1250 citations according to the Web of Science (2008).
 The Bloody Chamber (or The Bloody Chamber and Other Stories) is a collection of short fiction by Angela Carter. It was first published in the United Kingdom in 1979 by Gollancz and won the Cheltenham Festival Literary Prize. All of the stories share a common theme of being closely based upon fairytales or folk tales.
 Anxious Pleasures: A Novel After Kafka is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen published in 2007 by Shoemaker & Hoard (now Counterpoint). It is a work of metafiction.
 The Tropical Sun was South Florida's first newspaper established in 1891 and based in Juno Beach Florida. Founded by Gut Metcalf the paper was published in Juno which was the county seat of Dade County (which then extended from modern-day Martin County south to Dade's southern boundary at Florida Bay).
 Inside Scientology: The Story of America's Most Secretive Religion is a 2011 book by journalist Janet Reitman that examines the Church of Scientology. Reitman a contributing editor for Rolling Stone began studying the church in 2005. She published an article in Rolling Stone about Scientology the next year and continued her research for five years.The book covers the history of Scientology and discusses prominent Scientologists such as L. Ron Hubbard and Tom Cruise.
 I'm Not Who You Think I Am is an American novel for young adults by Peg Kehret published in 1999.
 Philosophy & Social Criticism is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers nine times a year in the field of philosophy. The editor-in-chief is David Rasmussen (Boston College). It was established in 1973 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Sunjammer is a science fiction short story by English author Arthur C. Clarke. It was originally published in 1963. It has also been published under the title The Wind from the Sun and has been included into Clarke's 1972 collection of short stories with this title.
 The Pitt is a 1987 one-shot comic book written by John Byrne and Mark Gruenwald and illustrated by Sal Buscema and Stan Drake. It was published by Marvel Comics as part of its New Universe line. The story depicts the total destruction of the city of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania as a result of the careless actions of the wielder of the Star Brand and its immediate 12-hour aftermath.
 Out of Sync: A Memoir is the autobiography of American pop singer Lance Bass published October 23 2007. It features an introduction by Marc Eliot a New York Times best-selling biographer and was published by Simon Spotlight Entertainment a division of Simon & Schuster. The book debuted on The New York Times Best Seller list at #22 for the week of November 11 2007.
 Gray Matter is a short story by Stephen King first published in the October 1973 issue of Cavalier magazine and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift. It is set in the same area as King's novel Dreamcatcher.
 Ophelia's Revenge is a novel written by Rebecca Reisert first published in 2003.
 The Bourne Deception is the title for the novel by Eric Van Lustbader and the seventh novel in the Jason Bourne series created by Robert Ludlum. It was released on June 9 2009. It is Lustbader's fourth Bourne novel following The Bourne Sanction that was published in 2008.
 France Dimanche is a French weekly celebrity newsmagazine published by Hachette with a circulation of about 524000–650000. In 1949 the circulation of the newsmagazine was 450000. Similar to British tabloids but with a weekly circulation it covers celebrity gossip and scandals since 1946.
 Something Wild is an adventure module for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 The Trigon Disunity is a series of three books written by science fiction author Michael P. Kube-McDowell. Emprise was a Philip K. Dick Award nominee and placed second in the annual Locus Poll for best first novel. The first edition covers were by Ron Miller.Emprise (1985 ISBN 0-425-07763-2) : The world has been devastated by the Food and Fuel Wars turning once-powerful nations into loose groupings of isolated farming communities.
 Business Jump (ビジネスジャンプ Bijinesu Janpu) was a Japanese seinen manga anthology published by Shueisha under the Jump line of magazines. The manga of Business Jump were published under the Young Jump Comics line.
 Thumbsucker is a 1999 novel by Walter Kirn. It was adapted into a film of the same name by Mike Mills in 2005.
 A String in the Harp is a children's fantasy novel by Nancy Bond first published in 1976. It received a 1977 Newbery Honor award and the Welsh Tir na n-Og Award. It tells of the American Morgan family who temporarily move to Wales where Peter Morgan finds a magical harp key that gives him vivid visions of the past.
 The International Journal of Central Banking (IJCB) is an economic research journal which began in the 2004 decision of several Central Banks to create a professional journal for policymakers and researchers in the field of monetary policy. In July 2004 the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) the European Central Bank and each of the Group of Ten (G-10) central banks announced their plans to support the development of a new publication focused on central bank theory and practice.
 Kisei Jūi Suzune (寄性獣医・鈴音) is a manga series by Haruki. It was adapted into a live action film in 2011.
 Chibi Devi! (ちび☆デビ! Chibi Debi!) is a Japanese shōjo comedy manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Shinozuka about a middle school girl who discovers a devil baby on her bed one day. It was adapted into an anime television series by SynergySP which began airing in Japan from October 10 2011.
 Ralph 124C 41+ by Hugo Gernsback is an early science fiction novel written as a twelve-part serial in Modern Electrics magazine beginning in April 1911. It was compiled into novel/book form in 1925. While one of the most influential science fiction stories of all time modern critics tend to pan the novel and few people read it today. The title itself is a play on words ( 1 2 4 C 4 1 + ) meaning One to foresee for one another.
 Vox is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 2003. It is the sixth volume of The Edge Chronicles and the second of the Rook Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the eighth novel following the Quint Saga and Twig Saga trilogies.
 Gomelskaya Pravda is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Gerfalcon is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer the first book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle. It is set around the fourteenth century in an alternate medieval France called Neustria (historically an early division of the Frankish kingdom). The book was first published in 1927 by Heinemann in the United Kingdom and Doubleday in the United States.
 A Long Fatal Love Chase is a suspense novel by Louisa May Alcott. She wrote it in 1866 two years before the publication of Little Women (1868) finally established her literary reputation and began to resolve her financial problems. The manuscript remained unpublished until 1995.
 Pretty Boy is a story by Orson Scott Card set in his Ender's Game universe. It tells the story of how Bonzo Madrid got into Battle School. It appears in Card's Webzine InterGalactic Medicine Show.
 High Country News is a non-profit media source publishing an award-winning magazine a popular website and a weekly op-ed column service along with special reports and books. The news organization covers the American West's public lands water natural resources grazing wilderness wildlife logging politics communities growth and other issues now changing the face of the Western United States.
 Mentats of Dune is a 2014 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the second book in their planned Great Schools of Dune prequel trilogy which itself is a sequel to their Legends of Dune trilogy.
 Labyrinth of Reflections is the first novel in the Labyrinth trilogy of cyberpunk novels written by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko. The trilogy consists of Labyrinth of Reflections False Mirrors and Transparent Stained-Glass Windows.
 For the film adaptation of the same name see The Lincoln Lawyer (film)The Lincoln Lawyer is a 2005 novel the sixteenth by American crime writer Michael Connelly. It introduces Los Angeles attorney Mickey Haller half-brother of Connelly's mainstay detective Hieronymus Harry Bosch.
 The Yellow Silk (ISBN 0-7869-3152-3) is a fantasy novel written by Don Bassingthwaite in 2004. It is the last book in The Rogues a series of stand-alone novels set in the Forgotten Realms fictional universe.
 Olaines Avīze is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 The Revista Complutense de Historia de América is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of the Americas. It is published annually by the Complutense University of Madrid and is abstracted and indexed in Scopus. The editor-in-chief is Pilar Ponce Leiva (Universidad Complutense de Madrid).
 I'll Be Your Slave (下僕になります Geboku ni Narimasu) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Miki Araya. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on 29 January 2008.
 Journal of an Urban Robinson Crusoe: London and Brighton is a book written by Des Marshall. It is a portrait of a troubled yet resilient and compassionate man and the people he meets in London and Brighton in the closing years of the twentieth century.Taking the form of a journal it is mostly based on Des Marshall's own experiences and covers a six-year period between 1995 and 2001.
 Sociological Forum is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Eastern Sociological Society. It has been published since 1986. The current editor is Karen A. Cerulo (Rutgers University).
 The Mexico Ledger is the only daily newspaper published in Mexico Missouri United States and the surrounding rural area. The current owner is GateHouse Media of Fairport New York.Although it primarily serves the city of Mexico the Ledger also covers news and local events in Audrain Monroe Montgomery and Callaway counties.
 The Sun Shines Bright is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov. It was the fifteenth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1981.
 Birthday (バースデイ Bāsudei) is an anthology by Japanese writer Koji Suzuki first published on February 5 1999 in Japan. It is the fourth installment of Suzuki's Ring series.
 The Poisoners was the first Matt Helm novel of the 1970s. It was first published in 1971 as the thirteenth novel in the spy series by Donald Hamilton.
 The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses is a New York Times best seller by Eric Ries. It is based around the business approach of the same name that aims to change the way that companies are built and new products are launched.
 The Lies of Locke Lamora is a fantasy novel by Scott Lynch and the first book published of the Gentleman Bastard series. Elite con artists Gentlemen Bastards rob the rich of Camorr city based on late medieval Venice but on an unnamed planet. Two stories interweave. In the present the Gentlemen fight a mysterious Grey King taking over the criminal underworld. Alternate chapters describe history and mythology of Camorr the Gentlemen Bastards and especially the protagonist Locke Lamora.
 Zathura is an illustrated children's book by the American author Chris Van Allsburg as well as the title of a 2005 film based on the book. Two boys are drawn into an intergalactic adventure when their house is magically hurled through space. The book is a sequel to Jumanji another illustrated book by Van Allsburg and references are made both visual and textual to Jumanji.
 .hack//AI buster 2 is a collection of five short stories that intertwine with events in the .hack universe. This book is also the sequel to the novel .hack//AI buster.
 Pain is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Association for the Study of Pain. The journal was established in 1975 and covers research and reviews in the fields of anesthesiology and clinical neurology. The editor-in-chief is Francis J. Keefe (Duke University.
 Dakkan (奪還) is a short manga originally created by Toru Hasuike and illustrated by Souichi Moto first published by Futabasha in 2004.
 Don Parties On the new play from David Williamson premiered in Melbourne on January 8 2011.It is the sequel by David Williamson to the 1971 play Don's Party and was inspired by the 2010 Federal election.The same characters 40 years on plus a few new arrivals. Don is now a retired school teacher.
 Yale Law School professor Amy Chua published her second book Day of Empire: How Hyperpowers Rise to Global Dominance - and Why They Fall in 2007.
 Thirteen Albatrosses (or Falling off a Mountain) is an American novel written by Donald Harington. It was published in 2002.
 The Proposal is the 35th book in the Animorphs series authored by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Jeffrey Zuehlke. It is narrated by Marco.
 Asia Times was a newspaper launched in Thailand by Thai tycoon Sondhi Limthongkul in 1995. The newspaper hired talent from around the world to produce a regional English-language newspaper.The newspaper faced financial difficulties in 1997 and closed down the week before the Asian financial crisis erupted with the collapse of the Thai baht on July 2 1997.Many journalists from Asia Times continued their careers as journalists. Some of them created Asia Times Online as a successor to Asia Times.
 Từ điển bách khoa Việt Nam (Literally Encyclopaedic Dictionary of Vietnam) is a state-sponsored Vietnamese language encyclopedia that was published in Vietnam in 2005. It is the first state encyclopedia of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. The compilation process began in 1987 and was completed in 2005. The first edition published in 2005 by Vietnam's Encyclopedia Publishing House has four volumes consisting of 40000 entries.
 Woodstock or The Cavalier. A Tale of the Year Sixteen Hundred and Fifty-one (1826) is a historical novel by Walter Scott. Set just after the English Civil War it was inspired by the legend of the Good Devil of Woodstock which in 1649 supposedly tormented parliamentary commissioners who had taken possession of a royal residence at Woodstock Oxfordshire. The story deals with the escape of Charles II in 1652 during the Commonwealth and his final triumphant entry into London on 29 May 1660.
 The Exultant Ark is a 2011 non-fiction book by Jonathan Peter Balcombe.It contends that animals engage in certain activities purely for pleasure.
 Gestalt (超獣伝説ゲシュタルト Chōjū Densetsu Geshutaruto lit. Super-Legend Gestalt) is an 8-volume fantasy manga series by Yun Kōga and published by Square Enix and later by Ichijinsha that later spawned a two episode OVA series.
 The Expert at the Card Table: The Classic Treatise on Card Manipulation often referred to simply as Erdnase (or even The Bible) is an extensive book on cards and magic written in 1901 by S. W. Erdnase a pseudonymous author whose identity has remained a mystery for over a century.
 Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen Mae Hashutsujo (こちら葛飾区亀有公園前派出所 literally This is the police station in front of Kameari Park in Katsushika Ward) often shortened to Kochikame (こち亀) is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by Osamu Akimoto. It takes place in the present day in and around a neighborhood police station (kōban) in the downtown part of Tokyo and revolves around the misadventures of middle-aged cop Kankichi Ryotsu.
 Minivan Daily is a local newspaper of Maldives published in the Dhivehi language. The literal meaning of Minivan is independent. The paper started publishing on July 26 2005 — The day coincides with the Independence Day of the Maldives. This newspaper is the only daily newspaper which does not get government aid[citation needed].
 Shame is Salman Rushdie's third novel published in 1983. Like most of Rushdie's work this book was written in the style of magic realism. It portrays the lives of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto (Iskander Harappa) and General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq (General Raza Hyder) and their relationship. The central theme of the novel is that violence is born out of shame.
 Studies in American Political Development (SAPD) is a political science journal founded in 1986 and presently published by Cambridge University Press.SAPD publishes theoretical and empirical research on political development and institutional change in the United States. It features a diverse range of subject matters and methodologies including comparative interdisciplinary and international studies that illuminate the American case.
 The Chugoku Shimbun (中国新聞 Chūgoku Shinbun) is a Japanese local daily newspaper based in Hiroshima. It serves the Chūgoku region of Japan with a market share in Hiroshima Yamaguchi Shimane Okayama and Tottori Prefectures. The newspaper publishes morning paper and evening editions. The morning paper has a daily circulation of 646908. And the evening paper has a daily circulation of 40648.
 A Grass Rope is a children's novel by William Mayne first published by Oxford in 1957 with illustrations by Lynton Lamb. Mayne won the annual Carnegie Medal recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.Set in the Yorkshire Dales it is a simple story subtly told steeped in the past and with a strong sense of place. The story of the hunt for a lost treasure is interwoven with descriptions of daily life on a farm and of the local scenery.
 The Spell is a 1998 novel by British author Alan Hollinghurst.
 Dark Detectives: Adventures of the Supernatural Sleuths is an anthology of fantasy and horror detective stories edited by Stephen Jones. It was published by F & B Mystery in 1999 in an edition of 2100 copies of which 100 were signed by all the contributors except R. Chetwynd-Hayes. The anthology contains 10 stories and a novel Seven Stars whose episodes are interspersed among the stories.
 The Southern Illinoisan is a daily newspaper based in Carbondale Illinois known locally as The Southern. As of September 2013 it has a daily circulation of 28267. It is one of the major regional newspaper and media services for southern Illinois.
 Hoxwinder Hall is an American comic strip by Daniel Boris who started the strip while in art school in the 1980s at Art Institute of Pittsburgh.
 Dune: House Harkonnen is a 2000 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the fictional Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the second book in the Prelude to Dune prequel trilogy which takes place before the events of Frank Herbert's celebrated 1965 novel Dune.
 Quest for Lost Heroes published in 1990 is a novel by British fantasy writer David Gemmell. It is the fourth entry in the Drenai series. The story is set several decades after and makes several references to the events in Gemmell's earlier title The King Beyond the Gate. It also provides a conclusion to the story of Tenaka Khan one of the main protagonists of The King Beyond the Gate.
 The Devil's Company is a historical-mystery-thriller novel by David Liss set in 18th century London. It is the third of three novels containing the memoir of the fictional Benjamin Weaver a retired bare-knuckle boxer now a thief-taker (a cross between a modern private investigator and bounty hunter). Weaver's memoir began with Liss' first novel A Conspiracy of Paper (2000) and continued in A Spectacle of Corruption (2004).
 Bridge to Terabithia is a work of children's literature about two lonely children who create a magical forest kingdom. It was written by Katherine Paterson and was published in 1977 by Thomas Crowell. In 1978 it won the Newbery Medal.
 Critical Reviews in Food Science and Nutrition is a food science journal published monthly by Taylor & Francis. It was originally established in 1970 as Critical Reviews in Food Technology but changed to its current name in 1975. The editor-in-chief is Fergus M. Clydesdale (University of Massachusetts Amherst). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.820 ranking it 6th out of 76 journals in the category Nutrition and Dietetics.
 Journal of the History of the Neurosciences is a British academic journal founded in 1992. It covers the history of neuroscience. The journal contains a combination of original articles book reviews and two unique types of columns called NEUROwords and the Neurognostics Questions and Answers.
 A A Prime is a short science fiction manga by Moto Hagio. It was first serialized in August 1981 in Princess.It is published (left-to-right) in English by VIZ Media and translated by Matt Thorn. In this publication there are also two others stories by Hagio 4/4 [Quatre-Quarts] and X+Y included. X+Y which was serialized in manga magazine Petit Flower between July and August 1984 won the Seiun Award in 1985
 The Taiwan Times (Chinese: 台灣時報; pinyin: Táiwān Shíbào; Wade–Giles: Tái-wān Shí-pào) is a newspaper based in Taiwan. The newspaper began publishing on August 25 1971. Wang Hsing-ching worked as one of its notable reporters.
 The Philosophical Discourse of Modernity: Twelve Lectures (German: Der Philosophische Diskurs der Moderne: Zwölf Vorlesungen) is a 1985 book by Jürgen Habermas who reconstructs and deals in depth with a number of philosophical approaches to the critique of modern reason and the Enlightenment project since Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel and Friedrich Nietzsche including the work of 20th century philosophers Max Horkheimer Theodor Adorno Martin Heidegger Michel Foucault Jacques Derrida Cornelius Castoriadis and Niklas Luhmann. 
 The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler is a children's day-school adventure novel by Gene Kemp first published by Faber in 1977 with illustrations by Carolyn Dinan. Set at Cricklepit Combined School in southern England a fictional primary school for ages 4 to 12 it inaugurated the series of seven books (1977 to 2002) that is sometimes called the Cricklepit Combined School series.
 Welcome to Hard Times is the debut 1960 novel by American author E.L. Doctorow. It is about a small settlement in the Dakota Territory that is named Hard Times. After a reckless drifter comes into Hard Times and terrorizes the town with rape murder and arson the survivors lead an effort to rebuild.
 The Library Card is a 1997 young adult novel by Jerry Spinelli. The book is broken into four short stories each following a different main character but all connected to a library card.
 Hikōtei Jidai (飛行艇時代 lit. The Age of the Flying Boat) is a fifteen-page all-watercolor manga on which the animated film Porco Rosso is based. It was published in Model Graphix in three parts a monthly magazine about scale models as a part of Hayao Miyazaki's Zassou Note series. Like other manga in this series Hikōtei Jidai is a manifestation of his love for old planes.
 Children of the Corn is a short story by Stephen King first published in the March 1977 issue of Penthouse and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift. Several films have been adapted from the short story and it spawned a successful horror franchise in 1984.
 The Way Some People Die is a detective mystery written in 1951 by Ross Macdonald the third book featuring his private eye Lew Archer.
 Orion in the Dying time is a 1990 novel by science fiction author Ben Bova. It follows Orion as he finds himself in the Neolithic having been sent there by the Creators who plan on him stopping the mad creature Set in his grandiose plans to destroy human kind and to repopulate the Earth with his kind.
 Optical Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1994 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media in partnership with the Optical Society of Japan. The editor-in-chief is Suezo Nakadate.
 The Niagara Gazette is a morning daily newspaper published in Niagara Falls New York USA which covers several towns and villages of Niagara County including Niagara and the City of Niagara Falls. It was owned by Gannett from 1954 to 1997; when Gannett acquired Buffalo's WGRZ it was required to sell the paper.
 Fox Bunny Funny is a graphic novel by Andy Hartzell. The book was published in June 2007 by Top Shelf Productions. Through its use of anthropomorphic animals drawn in black and white without the use of word bubbles or text it conveys themes of desire violence and psychological distress.
 Galaxion is a science fiction comic book and webcomic series written and drawn by Canadian Tara Tallan (née Jenkins).The story follows the crew of an interstellar ship the Galaxion as they test a new experimental hyperdrive engine. The story's narrative presents the Galaxion's geologist Aria Schafer's point of view.
 Goldsborough is a proletarian novel by the German-American writer Stefan Heym. It depicts a coal miners’ strike during 1949-1950 set in the fictional Goldsborough Pennsylvania a company town near Pittsburgh. The protagonist is Carlisle Kennedy head of a large family and himself a miner. When the local union chief fails to take action against the company Kennedy leads a wildcat pit strike.
 Play (stylized as PLAY) is a monthly magazine produced by Imagine Publishing in the United Kingdom which reports on Sony's PlayStation product range. It is the UK's longest-running PlayStation magazine and is in its 17th year on sale as of 2012. The print publication is available worldwide as well as digitally on iPhone iPod Touch and iPad via a distribution agreement with Pixel Mags.
 Dragon Tears is a 1993 paranormal/horror novel by the best selling author Dean Koontz.
 Rõõmulaul (English: The Song of Joy) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1966 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published only in 1993.
 Radio Ink is a radio broadcasting industry trade magazine owned by Streamline Publishing. Radio Ink serves the management community of the radio industry in the United States and in 43 countries worldwide. The focus of the bi-weekly magazine is radio management and operations challenges facing commercial radio broadcasters.
 Halfway Human (1998) is a science fiction novel written by Carolyn Ives Gilman.The novel follows the life of Tedla an asexual being from an evolutionary offshoot of humanity. It is neither male nor female and refers to itself as a “bland.” On its home planet blands are kept at a near-slave class considered to be not human and much less important than either male or female.
 The Witches of Worm is a 1972 young adult novel by Zilpha Keatley Snyder. It received the Newbery Honor citation in 1973.Jessica a lonely pre-teenaged girl finds a blind almost hairless cat that she names Worm. A reclusive elderly neighbor Mrs. Fortune helps her to wean and raise him. Worm seems to have a terrible hold on Jessica and it is suggested the cat possesses her to do cruel and destructive things to her friends and her somewhat childish and emotionally-distant divorced mother.
 The Conan Chronicles is a 1989 omnibus collection of three previous fantasy collections by Robert E. Howard L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian published by Sphere Books. The component collections had originally been published by Lancer Books in 1967 1968 and 1969 and later reissued by Ace Books. The omnibus collection was followed by The Conan Chronicles 2.
 The Subterraneans is a 1958 novella by Beat Generation author Jack Kerouac. It is a semi-fictional account of his short romance with a black woman named Alene Lee (1931-1991) in New York City 1953. In the novel she is renamed Mardou Fox and described as a carefree spirit who frequents the jazz clubs and bars of the budding Beat scene of San Francisco. Other well-known personalities and friends from the author's life also appear thinly disguised in the novel.
 Print Solutions Magazine is a monthly trade publication that covers the print distribution industry. It has been published continuously since 1962 by the Print Services & Distribution Association (PSDA) though it was previously known as FORM Magazine. It has won more than 100 awards and is read by over 32400 professionals in the printing industry.
 Yonnondio: From the Thirties is a novel by American author Tillie Olsen which was published in 1974 but written in the 1930s. The novel details the lives of the Holbrook family depicting their struggle to survive during the 1920s. Yonnondio explores the life of the working-class family as well as themes of motherhood socioeconomic order and the pre-depression era. The novel was published as an unfinished work.
 R.I.P.: Requiem in Phonybrian is a manga written and illustrated by Mitsukazu Mihara.
 Master Cat; or The Booted Cat (Italian: Il gatto con gli stivali; French: Le Maître Chat ou Le Chat Botté) commonly known in English as Puss in Boots is a European literary fairy tale about a cat who uses trickery and deceit to gain power wealth and the hand of a princess in marriage for his penniless and low-born master. The oldest record of written history dates from Italian author Giovanni Francesco Straparola who included it in his The Facetious Nights of Straparola (c.
 For other uses see Sign of the times (disambiguation).Signs of the Times is a monthly subscription magazine published by Signs Publishing Company a Seventh-day Adventist publishing house for Australia and New Zealand. Signs is an easy-to-read magazine for the general public promoting positive relationships and family values a healthful lifestyle and Bible-based Christian belief.Signs is related to the North American magazine of the same title which is published by Pacific Press.
 This is an article about the ebook Ylesia. For the article about the planet in the Star Wars Expanded Universe see Ylesia.Ylesia is the sixteenth installment of the Star Wars novel series the New Jedi Order. It was published in ebook form on 3 September 2002 and was later published in print with The Joiner King.
 A Escrava Isaura (Portuguese pronunciation: [a ɨsˈkɾavɐ iˈzawɾɐ] Isaura The Slave Girl) is a novel written by the Brazilian writer Bernardo Guimarães. It was first published in 1875 by Casa Garnier publishers in Rio de Janeiro. With this novel Bernardo Guimarães became very famous throughout that country even said to be admired by Brazil's last Emperor Dom Pedro II.In 1976 a Brazilian telenovela adaptation produced by Rede Globo was titled Escrava Isaura.
 Fire Season is a 2012 young adult science fiction novel by American authors David Weber and Jane Lindskold. Set in the fictional Honorverse it is the second book in the prequel Stephanie Harrington series part of the multi-part Honor Harrington series. It is a sequel to the 2011 A Beautiful Friendship by Weber.Stephanie Harrington is an ancestor of the main series character Honor Harrington.
 Halloween Rain is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Queen of the Empire is the fifth book of the Jedi Prince series by Paul Davids and Hollace Davids and was released in March 1993. It is preceded by the novel Mission from Mount Yoda and followed by the novel Prophets of the Dark Side.
 The Price of Salt (sometimes published under the title Carol) is a 1952 romance novel by Patricia Highsmith written under the pseudonym Claire Morgan.
 Benang (subtitled From the Heart) is a 1999 Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Kim Scott. The award was shared with Drylands by Thea Astley.Reviewing the novel for The Hindu K. Kunhikrishnan wrote:For writing his second novel Benang Kim Scott conducted research for five years tracing his family history through welfare files and from a diversity of sources.
 IEEE Transactions on Terahertz Science and Technology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering terahertz science technology instruments and applications – Expanding the use of the Electromagnetic Spectrum. The editor-in-chief is Peter H. Siegel (California Institute of Technology).
 The Left Hand of God: Taking Back Our Country from the Religious Right is a 2006 book by Rabbi Michael Lerner. In it Lerner argues that that in order for progressive politics to survive in America liberals must develop a respect for progressive forms of religion that can provide inspiration and a sense of meaning in people's lives.
 Spike: Asylum is a five-issue comic book limited series based on Angel television series. It was released from September 2006 through January 2007. The five issues were collected together in a single trade paperback in May 2007.
 The Lexikon der indogermanischen Verben (LIV Lexicon of the Indo-European Verbs) is an etymological dictionary of the Proto-Indo-European verb. The first edition appeared in 1998 edited by Helmut Rix. A second edition followed in 2001. The book may be seen as a segmental update to the Indogermanisches etymologisches Wörterbuch (IEW) by Julius Pokorny. It was the first dictionary fully utilizing the modern three-laryngeal theory with reconstructions of Indo-European verbal roots.
 The Jigsaw Man is a short story in the Known Space universe by Larry Niven. The story was first published in Harlan Ellison's anthology Dangerous Visions and is included in Niven's collections All the Myriad Ways and Tales of Known Space.
 A Hope in the Unseen (Full Title A Hope in the Unseen: An American Odyssey from the Inner City to the Ivy League) is the first book by author and journalist Ron Suskind published in 1998. The book is a biographical novel about the life of Cedric Jennings through his last years in high school and first years in college. It details his life in Ballou High School an inner city school in Washington D.C. and onto Brown University which Cedric attends after high school.
 The Journal of Infection Prevention is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of infectious diseases. The editor-in-chief is Neil Wigglesworth (Public Health Wales). It was established in 2000 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Infection Prevention Society.
 The Austere Academy is the fifth novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket. It was released in paperback under the name The Austere Academy: or Kidnapping! The Baudelaire orphans are sent to a boarding school overseen by monstrous employees. There the orphans meet new friends new enemies and Count Olaf in another disguise.
 Out & About was a travel newsletter tailored for gay and lesbian travelers. It was founded in 1992. Until the publishing ceased in 2004 the newsletter was putting out a publication rich in detail and tinged with LGBT advocacy.
 The Miscast Barbarian: a Biography of Robert E. Howard is a 1975 biography of the writer Robert E. Howard by science-fiction writer L. Sprague de Camp first published by Gerry de la Ree.The work is an examination of the famous fantasy writer and creator of Conan the Barbarian. It is an expansion of de Camp's article The Miscast Barbarian which appeared in the magazine Fantastic in June 1971.
 The Burning Wild Man known in Japanese as Moeru! Onii-san (燃える! お兄さん Burning Older Brother) is a manga created by Tadashi Satō. It ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1987 to 1991 with 19 volumes. It was later adapted into an anime series by Studio Pierrot. The 24 episode series aired on Nihon Television from March 1988 to September 1988.Kenichi Kokuho (国宝ケンイチ Kokuhō Ken'ichi) became lost in the mountains as a small child.
 The Marengo-Union Times is the publication of record in Marengo and Union Illinois. The circulation is 6300. It is mailed to every home apartment and business in the 60152 and 60180 zip codes with additional distribution to local stores and restaurants.
 The Z Was Zapped (ISBN 0-395-44612-0) is a picture book by the American author Chris Van Allsburg originally published in 1987 by Houghton Mifflin. The book tells the story in 26 acts each showing how each letter in the alphabet caught some bad luck. The artwork has a stark look by using black and white pencil drawings. Each destruction of the letters take place on a proscenium theater stage.Examples: The A was in an avalanche. The B was badly bitten. The C was cut to ribbons.
 'Waking in the Blue' is a poem by Robert Lowell that was published in his book Life Studies and is a striking early example of confessional poetry. Of the handful of poems from Life Studies in which Lowell explored his struggles with mental illness this poem was one of Lowell's most forthwright admissions that he had serious mental problems. Though he doesn't discuss the exact nature of his mental illness in the poem he does describe his hospitalization in a mental institution.
 Edinburgh Law Review is a triannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press in January May and September of each year. It was founded in 1996 and focuses on international as well as Scots law.
 Swords and Crowns and Rings is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Ruth Park.
 Blood of the Fold is the third book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth.
 The Journal of Sociology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of sociology with a focus on Australia. The journal's editor-in-chief is Alphia Possamai-Inesedy (University of Western Sydney). It was established 1965 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of The Australian Sociological Association.
 Stone and Sea is a fantasy novel written by Graham Edwards. The novel was first published in 2000 by Voyager Books (UK) and HarperPrism (US). It is the second book in the Stone trilogy which also includes Stone and Sky and Stone and Sun. The trilogy is a follow-up to Edwards' Ultimate Dragon Saga trilogy and is loosely connected via various plot threads.
 The Anarchical Society: A Study of Order in World Politics is a 1977 book by Hedley Bull and a founding text of the so-called English School of international relations theory. The title refers to the assumption of anarchy in the international system (posited primarily by realists) and argues for the existence of an international society.The book also outlines Bull's theory of new medievalism.
 Roads & Bridges magazine is a 107-year-old trade publication serving construction and maintenance professionals as well as heavy equipment manufacturers. The magazine was created by Scranton Gillette Communications in 1906. It provides industry news information on relevant equipment and safety recommendations and has been cited in studies of American infrastructure.Roads & Bridges works with associations such as AASHTO AEM ESWP and ARTBA.
 For similar titles see Monkey King (disambiguation)The Monkey King is the first published novel of Timothy Mo; it has previously been released through several US- and UK-based printers before becoming self-published by Mo via Paddleless Press: Faber & Faber (paperback 1978) HarperCollins (hardcover 1978) Random House/Doubleday hardcover (1980) Vintage (softcover 1993) Paddleless Press (hardcover and softcover 2000).
 Moon-Face is a short story by Jack London first published in 1902. It explores the subject of extreme antipathy.
 Glycobiology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of the field of glycobiology and the official journal of the Society for Glycobiology. The journal was established in September 1990. It publishes primary research on the biological functions of glycans including glycoproteins glycolipids proteoglycans and free oligosaccharides and on proteins that specifically interact with glycans.
 Information (Danish pronunciation: [enfɒmæˈɕoːˀn]) full name: Dagbladet Information ([ˈdɑʊ̯ˌblæˀð enfɒmæˈɕoːˀn]) is a Danish newspaper published Monday through Saturday.Originally established and edited by Børge Outze and published during World War II by the Danish resistance movement. Information was illegal during the war as it was not regulated by the German occupying power.
 My Princess Boy is an American picture book written by Cheryl Kilodavis and illustrated by Suzanne DeSimone. Kilodavis first self-published the book in 2009 via KD Talent of Seattle. On 21 December of the following year Simon & Schuster published a new edition on their Aladdin imprint.Kilodavis wrote the book about her son Dyson and their family. Dyson's self-expression does not conform to stereotypical gender roles.
 Crisis was a British comic published from 1988 to 1991 as an experiment by Fleetway to see if intelligent mature politically and socially aware comics were saleable in the United Kingdom. The comic was initially published fortnightly and was one of the most visible components of the late-80s British comics boom along with Deadline Revolver and Toxic!.
 Lovecraft's Book is a historical novel by author Richard A. Lupoff. It was released in 1985 by Arkham House in an edition of 3544 copies. It was the author's first book published by Arkham House.
 Origin in Death (2005) is a novel by J. D. Robb. It is the twenty-second novel in the In Death series preceding Memory in Death.
 England Their England (1933) is an affectionately satirical comic novel of 1920s English urban and rural society by the Scottish writer A. G. Macdonell. It is particularly famed for its portrayal of village cricket.
 The Return of Sherlock Holmes is a collection of 13 Sherlock Holmes stories originally published in 1903-1904 by Arthur Conan Doyle.
 The Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge (French: La condition postmoderne: rapport sur le savoir) is a 1979 book by Jean-François Lyotard that analyzes the notion of knowledge in postmodern society as the end of 'grand narratives' or metanarratives which Lyotard considers a quintessential feature of modernity.
 Null Hypothesis: The Journal of Unlikely Science is an online satirical science website which casts a wry eye over the world of science and technology. Dubbed the Private Eye of science by the Daily Telegraph it was started in 2004 in Bristol University by three bored postgraduate students disillusioned by the grind of publishing papers in academia.
 The International Journal of American Linguistics (IJAL) is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago devoted to the study of the indigenous languages of the Americas. It was established in 1917 by anthropologist Franz Boas. IJAL focuses on the investigation of linguistic data and the presentation of grammatical fragments and other documents relevant to Amerindian languages.
 The Homecoming is a two-act play written in 1964 by Nobel laureate Harold Pinter and it was first published in 1965. Its premières in London (1965) and New York (1967) were both directed by Sir Peter Hall and starred Pinter's first wife Vivien Merchant as Ruth. The original Broadway production won the 1967 Tony Award for Best Play.
 The Artemis Fowl Files (208 pages total) is a companion book to the Artemis Fowl series written by Eoin Colfer.It contains two short stories one about Captain Holly Short joining LEPrecon and the second (The Seventh Dwarf) about Mulch Diggums and Artemis Fowl working together to steal a tiara.
 The Yellowknifer is a newspaper based in Yellowknife Northwest Territories and owned by Northern News Services. The first edition of the Yellowknifer was published on March 22 1972 by J.W. (Sig) Sigvaldson who remains the current publisher. Both a Wednesday and a Friday edition are printed weekly with circulations of 5400 and 6100 respectively.
 The Fiery Cross is book five in the best-selling Outlander series written by Diana Gabaldon.
 The Nigerian Compass is a daily newspaper with National circulation in Nigeria covering news business politics and sports. The paper has weekday and weekend editions.The Compass is owned by Gbenga Daniel Governor of Ogun State from May 2003 to May 2011.
 See God emperor (disambiguation) for the general concept.God Emperor of Dune is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert published in 1981 the fourth in the Dune series. It was ranked as the #11 hardcover fiction best seller of 1981 by Publishers Weekly.
 Homo Oeconomicus is an quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies in classical and neoclassical economics public and social choice theory law and economics and philosophy of economics. It was established in 1983 as an occasional series concerned with aspects of the Homo economicus concept. The founding editor-in-chief wasManfred J. Holler (University of Hamburg). The current editors-in-chief are Manfred J.
 The Catholic Standard founded in 1951 is the official weekly newspaper for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington.In print and on-line the Catholic Standard continues its work of communicating the teachings of Jesus Christ and showing how the Catholic faith is being lived in the metropolitan Washington D.C. area around the nation and the world.One of two newspapers published by Carroll Publishing Company the Catholic Standard serves the nearly 600000 Catholics living in the nation's capital and the five surrounding Maryland counties of Calvert Charles Montgomery Prince George's and St. 
 The Island of Doctor Death and Other Stories and Other Stories is a short story collection by American science fiction author Gene Wolfe.The title story of the collection is The Island of Doctor Death and Other Stories which recounts the fantasies of a dreamy young boy who is reading a lurid pulp science fiction novel modeled after The Island of Doctor Moreau.The collection also includes The Death of Dr. Island and The Doctor of Death Island.
 The Great Asset is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was written as a counterpoint to his story 2430 A.D. with the intention of refuting rather than illustrating the same quotation by writer and social commentator J. B. Priestley.
 Bizarre Happenings Eyewitnessed Over Two Decades (T: 二十年目睹之怪現狀 S: 二十年目睹之怪现状 P: Èrshí Nián Mùdǔzhī Guài Xiànzhuàng W: Erh-shih nien mu-tu-chih kuai hsien-chuang Also translated as: Strange Events Witnessed in the Past Twenty Years The Strange State of the World Witnessed Over 20 Years and Wu Jianren's Strange Events Eyewitnessed over the Last Two Decades) is a novel by Wu Jianren (also known as Wu Wo-yao).
 The Philosopher's Pupil is a 1983 novel by the British writer and philosopher Iris Murdoch. It is set in a small English spa town called Ennistone.
 Nature's Garden: An Aid to Knowledge of our Wild Flowers and their Insect Visitors (1900) republished as Wild Flowers: An Aid to Knowledge of our Wild Flowers and their Insect Visitors (1901) is a book written by nature writer Neltje Blanchan and published by Doubleday Page & Company. In order to aid the amateur botanist it used color to classify flowers noting that this made it easier for novices to identify specimens and that insects also used color to identify plants.
 Foundations and Trends in Marketing is a journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of marketing. The editor-in-chief is Jehoshua Eliashberg (University of Pennsylvania).
 All Fall Down is a 1960 novel by James Leo Herlihy which was adapted into a 1962 film directed by John Frankenheimer.
 Talking to Strange Men is a 1987 novel by British writer Ruth Rendell.
 The Forever King is a fantasy book written by Molly Cochran and Warren Murphy the authors of Grandmaster which reached #3 on The New York Times bestseller list. The Forever King is the first in the Forever King Trilogy. The second title is The Broken Sword: King Arthur Returns while the third book is called The Third Magic.
 Balitang Gawasnon is published every Friday by the Kalayaan News Service and circulated throughout Visayas and Mindanao with editorial and business offices at 0109 Lapulapu St. Tagum City.
 The Pax Britannica Trilogy comprises three books of history written by Jan Morris formerly James Morris. The books cover the British Empire from the earliest days of the East India Company to the troubled years of independence and nineteen sixties post-colonialism. The books were written and published over a ten year period beginning in 1968 with Pax Britannica: The Climax of Empire.
 I'm a Born Liar: A Fellini Lexicon is a book combining film stills and photographs with transcripts of the last filmed interviews with Federico Fellini conducted by Canadian filmmaker Damian Pettigrew in Rome in 1991 and 1992.
 Crome Yellow is the first novel by British author Aldous Huxley published in 1921. In the book Huxley satirises the fads and fashions of the time. It is the story of a house party at Crome a parodic version of Garsington Manor home of Lady Ottoline Morrell a house where authors such as Huxley and T. S. Eliot used to gather and write.The book contains a brief pre-figuring of Huxley's later novel Brave New World. Mr.
 Year's Best SF (ISBN 0-06-105641-3) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell that was published in 1996. It is the first in the Year's Best SF series which has been published every year since this first volume was released.As a Best Of anthology all the stories in this book previously appeared either in science fiction magazines original short fiction collections or online publications.
 The European Journal of International Affairs was established in 1988 by Giuseppe Sacco and covers international relations from a European perspective. It is published by the European Centre for International Affairs.
 Vanguard: A Libertarian Communist Journal was a monthly anarchist political and theoretical journal based in New York City published between April 1932 and July 1939 and edited by Samuel Weiner among others.Vanguard began as a project of the Vanguard Group composed of members of the editorial collective of the Road to Freedom newspaper as well as members of the Friends of Freedom group.
 Witch House is a novel by author Evangeline Walton. It was published by Arkham House in an edition of 2949 copies. It was the first full-length novel to be published by Arkham House and was listed as the initial book in the Library of Arkham House Novels of Fantasy and Terror.
 The Clockwork Atom Bomb is a science fiction short story written in 2005 by Dominic Green.The story follows Mativi a UN Weapons Inspector who is in Kinshasa and discovers several powerful and illegal devices left over from a Congolese war.
 Kaddish for an Unborn Child (Hungarian: Kaddis a meg nem született gyermekért) is a novel by Imre Kertész first published in 1990 (ISBN 0-8101-1161-6).The novel deals with the struggles of a Holocaust survivor after the war explaining to a friend why he cannot bring a child into a world that could allow such atrocities to happen.
 Atta: A Novel of a Most Extraordinary Adventure is a science fiction novel by Francis Rufus Bellamy published in 1953. In 1954 the novel was published back-to-back with Murray Leinster's The Brain Stealers as Ace Double D-079.Atta is a Robinson Crusoe-like tale of a man who is hit by lightning and wakes up to find himself half an inch tall. He befriends a talking warrior ant named Atta and has many adventures. At the end of the novel Atta dies and the man returns to normal size.
 Mr. Ho (Mr.ホー) is a one-shot manga drawn and written by Akira Toriyama. It appeared in Weekly Shonen Jump #49 in 1986 and was later released in the compilation Tankōbon Akira Toriyama's Manga Theater Vol. 2.
 The Shakespeare Stealer is a 1998 young adult novel written by Gary Blackwood. The novel is a historical fiction novel and takes place in Elizabethan England. It was an ALA Notable Children's Book in 1999.
 If Morning Ever Comes (1964) is American author Anne Tyler's first novel published when she was only 22.Set in Sandhill North Carolina it focuses on Ben Joe Hawkes a self-proclaimed worrier who finds himself responsible for taking care of his mother and six sisters after his father deserts the family for his mistress and subsequently dies of a heart attack.At its start Ben Joe has left Sandhill to pursue a law degree at Columbia University; however he soon learns that his eldest sister Joanne has left her husband and returned home with her baby girl. 
 Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal of paleontology and paleobiology. It was established by Roman Kozłowski in 1956. It is published by the Institute of Paleobiology of the Polish Academy of Sciences and edited by Richard L. Cifelli and Jarosław Stolarski.
 The Animal Family is a 1965 children's novel by American poet and critic Randall Jarrell illustrated by noted children's book illustrator Maurice Sendak. It is a 1966 Newbery Honor book and has a significant following among adult readers.[citation needed]
 National Lampoon The Up Yourself Book was an American humor book that was published on January 1 1977. Although it appears to be a book this was in fact a special edition of National Lampoon magazine and as such it was sold in newsstands along with the regular monthly issue of the magazine.
 Arab News is an English-language daily newspaper published in Saudi Arabia. It is published simultaneously from Jeddah Riyadh and Dammam. The target audiences of the paper which is published in broadsheet are businessmen executives and diplomats.
 Nightmare Academy is a 2002 Christian fictional novel by Frank Peretti and the second novel in the Veritas Project series authored by Frank Peretti. The book was one of the ALA's young adult book picks for 2004.
 An Experiment with Time is a long essay by the Irish aeronautical engineer J. W. Dunne (1875 — 1949) on the subjects of precognition and the human experience of time. First published in March 1927 it was very widely read and his ideas promoted by several other authors in particular by J. B. Priestley. Other books by J. W. Dunne are The Serial Universe The New Immortality and Nothing Dies.
 In Our Image: America's Empire in the Philippines is a 1989 book by American journalist Stanley Karnow published by Random House. The book details the Philippine–American War (1899–1902) and the subsequent American occupation of the islands. Karnow described the book as the story of America's only major colonial experience.
 The American Journal of Surgical Pathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering surgical pathology. It was established in 1977. Its first editor-in-chief was Stephen Sternberg (Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center); the current editor-in-chief is Stacey Mills (University of Virginia). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.868.
 Psychology from an Empirical Standpoint (German: Psychologie vom empirischen Standpunkte) is an 1874 book by the Austrian philosopher Franz Brentano. His best-known book much has been written about its intentionality passage:...
 Happy Cafe (幸福喫茶３丁目 Shiawase Kissa Sanchoume) is a manga series written and illustrated by Kou Matsuzuki. The series was serialized in Hakusensha Shōjo monthly magazine Hana To Yume and the serial chapters collected into fifteen Tankōbon released between July 2005 and November 2009. Publishing companies Tokyopop has licensed the manga for release in America and as well Sharp Point Press in Taiwan.
 Rizal Without the Overcoat is a book by Filipino writer Ambeth Ocampo adapted from his Looking Back column in the Philippine Daily Globe from October 1987 to July 1990.
 The Lantern is the name of the official daily student-published university newspaper at The Ohio State University. It is one of the largest campus newspapers in the United States reaching a circulation of 15000. Sections of The Lantern include Campus Sports Arts+Entertainment and a Student Voice page managed by the editor-in-chief.Copies of the paper are free and available on campus and throughout Columbus.
 The Chanticleer is Averett University's student-run news magazine. Since 1922 The Chanticleer has provided community news to the students faculty and staff of Averett. CNM has also be used to refer to the magazine as Chanticleer News Magazine or more recently with the expansion of CNM's initiatives into digital media Chanticleer News Media. Dr. Susan Huckstep has served as The Chanticleer's advisor since 2010.
 Outrageous Betrayal: The Dark Journey of Werner Erhard from est to Exile was written by freelance journalist Steven Pressman and first published in 1993 by St. Martin's Press. The book gives an account of Werner H. Erhard's early life as Jack Rosenberg his exploration of various forms of self-improvement techniques and his foundation of Erhard Seminars Training est and later of Werner Erhard and Associates and of the Est successor course The Forum.
 Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs is a book written by the Curious George Brigade an anarchist collective in the CrimethInc. network. About their project the collective says By dinosaurs we mean Capitalism The State Hierarchy and the countless other guises worn by Authority.
 The Naughtiest Girl in the School is the first novel in the The Naughtiest Girl series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1940.Elizabeth Allen is a spoiled girl who is the only child of her parents. She becomes very upset and outraged when she learns that she is being sent to a boarding school. When Elizabeth joins Whyteleafe School she is determined to misbehave so that she will be expelled and able to go back home as soon as possible.At Whyteleafe Elizabeth discovers a new world.
 Prayer for a Child is a 1944 book by Rachel Field. Its artwork by Elizabeth Orton Jones won it a Caldecott Medal in 1945. The whole book is narrated by a little girl but it represents children as a whole. It reflects their love of God and their gentleness to humankind as a whole.
 Bu Ju (Chinese: 卜居; Pinyin: Bǔ Jū; English: Divination) is a short work anthologized in the Chu Ci (楚辭 Songs of Chu sometimes called The Songs of the South). Although traditionally attributed to Qu Yuan there is little likelihood that he is the author. (Hawks 2011 [1985]: 203) Rather Bu ju is a biographical or pseudobiographical account of an incident in Qu Yuan's life mostly in prose but with a short incidental verse ascribed to be a quote from Qu Yuan.
 A Comprehensive History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints: Century I is a six-volume history published in 1930 by B.H. Roberts a general authority and Assistant Church Historian of the LDS Church. It should not be confused with the seven-volume History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (nicknamed Documentary History of the Church) which was also edited by Roberts in the early 20th-century but focuses on the history of Joseph Smith Jr.
 Cell Stem Cell is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Cell Press an imprint of Elsevier. The journal was established in 2007 and focuses on stem cell research. Both research articles and reviews are published at about a 7 to 1 ratio.
 A Gardener's Year is a 1905 non fiction book from H Rider Haggard.
 White Line Fever is the 2002 autobiography of Lemmy (Ian Fraser Kilmister) the founder of Motörhead.
 Cyborg is the title of a science fiction/secret agent novel by Martin Caidin which was first published in 1972. The novel also included elements of speculative fiction and was adapted as the television movie The Six Million Dollar Man which was followed by a weekly series and also inspired a spin-off The Bionic Woman.
 Korrespondent (Russian: Корреспондент; Ukrainian: Кореспондент; literally: Correspondent) is a weekly printed magazine published in Ukraine in Russian and Ukrainian languages established in 2002. The Korrespondent.net is its sister project - an influential Ukrainian and Russian-language online newspaper launched in 2000 and publishing part of the magazine's content online for free.
 The Doll That Came Straight From Fairyland is a short story for children published in 1898 by the suffragist and children's fairytale writer Evelyn Sharp. The first edition was published by John Lane in London England in All The Way To Fairyland with seven other short stories.
 Carazamba is a 1949 Criollo novel by the Guatemalan writer Virgilio Rodríguez Macal. The novel is set during 1940s Guatemala.
 Cry of Morning is a novel by the English-born author Brian Cleeve. It deals with the economic and cultural transformation that overtook Ireland during the 1960s. It marked a significant shift away from the murder mysteries and spy thrillers for which Cleeve had previously been noted.
 The Infinity Clue is the 70th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 Critique: A worldwide student journal of politics is an online peer-reviewed academic journal on political science published by Illinois State University's Department of Politics and Government. The journal publishes scholarly papers written by undergraduate and graduate students worldwide. It releases a spring and fall edition each year.
 Modern Asian Studies is a bimonthly academic journal in the field of Asian studies published by Cambridge University Press.The journal was established in 1967 by the Syndics of the University of Cambridge and the Committee of Directors of the Institute or Centres of Asian Studies in the universities of London Cambridge Hull Leeds and Sheffield.
 The Houston Press is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Houston Texas United States. It is headquartered in Midtown Houston.The paper is supported entirely by advertising revenue and is free to readers. The newspaper draws a weekly readership of more than 300000 verified by an independent media audit and referenced on its website. The Press can be found in restaurants coffee houses and local retail stores.
 Titus Awakes is the editorial title applied to a novel being planned by Mervyn Peake at the time he became too ill to write about 1960. It was to have been the fourth novel in the Gormenghast series after Titus Groan Gormenghast and Titus Alone. Titus Awakes remains unfinished as the author succumbed to illness before the work could be completed.In the 1970s Peake's widow Maeve Gilmore wrote a version of Titus Awakes to which she gave the title Search Without End.
 The Mist is a horror novella by the American author Stephen King in which the small town of Bridgton Maine is suddenly enveloped in an unnatural mist that conceals otherworldly monsters. It was first published as the first and longest story of the horror anthology Dark Forces 1980. A slightly edited version was included in King's collection Skeleton Crew (1985). The story is the longest entry in Skeleton Crew and occupies the first 134 pages.
 Collision Course (aka Collision with Chronos) is the fourth novel by the science fiction author Barrington J. Bayley. The novel was inspired by the time travel theories of J. W. Dunne. The plot centers on the collision of two alternate presents with disastrous implications for reality.
 The Solar Anus (French: L'anus solaire) is a short Surrealist text by the French writer Georges Bataille. Albeit elliptically its aphorisms refer to decay death vegetation natural disasters impotence frustration ennui and excrement. It makes ironic reference to the sun which although it brings life to the Earth can also result in death from its unrestrained energies. Moreover the anus may be seen as a symbol of the inevitability of residual waste due to its role in excretion.
 Atlanta is an award-winning monthly general-interest magazine based in Atlanta Georgia and owned by Emmis Publishing a division of Emmis Communications. Its staff has featured notable writers such as Hollis Gillespie Anne Rivers Siddons and William Diehl and it has included contributions from Pat Conroy Terry Kay and Melissa Fay Greene. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).
 The Book of Games Volume 1 is a game compendium by gameXplore examining 150 video games from 2005 through 2006 covering most of the current game platforms. It covers topics such as the future of games game heroes from games to movies and research on games.
 Decoding Communication is a book on theories and modern practice of communication by N. Chandramouli published by TRA publishing in 2012. It elaborates on Communication Fundamentals Models of Communication and studies the Future through Communication. It draws on several theories including concepts of meme from Richard Dawkins 1976 book The Selfish Gene the book builds on theories of Brand Trust Brand Appeal Perception and Propaganda.
 Nature Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal publishing research articles reviews news and commentaries in the biomedical area including both basic research and early-phase clinical research covering all aspects of medicine. The journal seeks to publish research papers that demonstrate novel insight into disease processes with direct evidence of the physiological relevance of the results.The journal was established in 1995 and is published by the Nature Publishing Group.
 The Journal of Business Finance & Accounting is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. It covers a broad spectrum of accounting and finance research publishing articles on topics such as financial reporting asset pricing financial markets financial institutions market microstructure corporate finance corporate governance and the economics of internal organisation and management control. The current editors-in-chief are Peter F.
 Crossroads was a five-issue limited series published in 1988 by First Comics.Crossroads made use of various First Comics published characters including Sable Badger Grimjack Dreadstar and Nexus. The stories written by Steven Grant Mike Baron and Roger Salick were intertwined although featuring different characters in each issue. Artists included Cynthia Martin Joe Staton Shawn McManus and Luke McDonnell. The covers for each issue were supplied by Steve Rude.
 If You Could See Me Now is Irish writer Cecelia Ahern's third novel published in November 2005 (UK and Ireland)/ January 2006 (US).A film adaptation of the book is in progress.
 Le Ventre de Paris [lə vɑ̃tʁ də paʁi] (1873) is the third novel in Émile Zola's twenty-volume series Les Rougon-Macquart. It is set in and around Les Halles the enormous busy central market of 19th Century Paris. Les Halles rebuilt in cast iron and glass during the Second Empire was a landmark of modernity in the city the wholesale and retail center of a thriving food industry.
 The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science is a general guide to the sciences written by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in 1960 by Basic Books in two volumes Physical Sciences and Biological Sciences though some subsequent editions were published as single volumes.
 Oninagi is a Japanese comic or manga written by Akira Ishida. It was originally published in Japan in 2007 by Houbunsha. It was announced at Yen Press' Comic-Con International panel on July 2008 that they acquired Oninagi for North American release. The first volume was translated and published in April 2009. Akira Ishida is not to be confused with the voice actor of the same name.
 Monthly Comic Ryū (月刊 Comic リュウ Gekkan Komikku Ryū) is a Japanese monthly seinen manga and anime magazine published by Tokuma Shoten. The magazine was originally a quarterly special issue of Animage beginning in 1979 before switching to a monthly schedule and finally suspending publication.
 Kekkaishi (結界師 lit. Barrier Master) is a supernatural manga series written and illustrated by Yellow Tanabe. It was serialized in Japan by Shogakukan in the manga magazine Shōnen Sunday from 2003 to 2011 and licensed for an English-language release in North America by Viz Media. It was adapted as a fifty-two episode anime series by Sunrise which was broadcast between October 2006 and February 2008.
 Spellbound is the British title of a 2003 novel by Jane Green which was published in America under the title To Have and to Hold.
 Surface Review and Letters is an international journal published by World Scientific. It was launched in 1994 and covers both theoretical and experimental research in physical and properties and processes that occur at the boundaries of materials. Topics covered include surface and interface structures; electronic magnetic and optical properties; chemical reactions at surfaces; defects nucleation and growth; and new surface and interface characterization techniques.
 Free Inquiry is a bi-monthly journal of secular humanist opinion and commentary published by the Council for Secular Humanism which is part of the Center for Inquiry. Philosopher Paul Kurtz was the editor-in-chief (died October 2012)[1] and Thomas W. Flynn is the editor. Feature articles cover a wide range of topics from a freethinking perspective. Common themes are separation of church and state science and religion dissemination of freethought and applied philosophy.
 Phoebe Junior: A Last Chronicle of Carlingford (also spelled Phœbe Junior) is an 1876 novel by Margaret Oliphant. It follows the exploits of its heroine Phoebe Beecham as she learns the true history of her family history. This novel is the last of the six Carlingford Chronicles and is set roughly in the early 1860s to late 1870s.
 Home Delivery is a short story by Stephen King. It was first published in the zombie anthology Book Of The Dead (1989) and later included in King's short story collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes (1993).
 Damned is a 2011 novel by Chuck Palahniuk. A sequel to the novel Doomed was released in 2013.
 OMG! Magazine is a lifestyle and news publication which targets the gay & lesbian community. The magazine publishes articles on current affairs travel news and politics. The first issue was published in June 2009 as a small biweekly until December 2010 when it began publishing monthly a standard magazine size in conjunction with a new interactive website. The magazine is published from Florida by OMG Multimedia Companies LLC which owns the registered trade mark OMG! Magazine.
 Gil Braltar is a satirical short story by Jules Verne parodying British colonialism.[citation needed] It was first published together with The Flight to France as a part of Voyages Extraordinaires series (The Extraordinary Voyages) in 1887.[citation needed]The story is set in British fortress and colony Gibraltar. A man a Spaniard named Gil Braltar dresses up as a monkey and becomes leader of a group of monkeys living there (Barbary macaques). He incites attack on the fortress.
 Architectural History is the main journal of the Society of Architectural Historians of Great Britain (SAHGB).The journal is published each autumn and usually comprises around 400 pages. The architecture of the British Isles is a major theme of the journal but articles can consider all places and periods. All articles are double peer-reviewed anonymously; acceptance is dependent on satisfactory referees' comments and revision.
 Legion of the Lost is a autobiographical novel by American writer Jaime Salazar. It was published in the United States by Berkley Books an imprint of Penguin Group on August 2nd 2005. The novel is based on Salazar's own experiences as an American in the French Foreign Legion.
 Worthy is the Lamb is an outdoor drama which portrays the life death and resurrection of Christ. It was written by J. T. Adams and was shown nightly at the Crystal Coast Amphitheatre in Swansboro North Carolina. It shut down in 2002. However in a little town called Concord Vermont Worthy is the Lamb was staged in 2010. It is a different story though. The parallel story was written by C. Ryan Milligan and was directed by Al Milligan.
 Another Country is a 1962 novel by James Baldwin. The novel is set Greenwich Village in the late 1950s. It portrayed many themes that were taboo at the time of its release including bisexuality interracial couples and extramarital affairs.
 Veranda is a lifestyle magazine with a focus on the home and has a circulation of 476539. It is a resource for living well from decorating and architecture to fashion and beauty.
 Piano Lessons is a 2009 award-winning non-fiction book by Australian classical pianist Anna Goldsworthy Artist in Residence of Janet Clarke Hall (University of Melbourne) and Artistic Director of the Port Fairy Spring Music Festival.In Piano Lessons Goldsworthy documents her piano study from a young age under the Russian emigre Eleanora Sivan.Originally published in Australia in October 2009 by Black Inc. the US rights were sold to American publisher St.
 The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe is a high fantasy novel for children by C. S. Lewis published by Geoffrey Bles in 1950. It was the first published of seven novels in The Chronicles of Narnia (1950–1956) and the best known; among all the author's books it is the most widely held in libraries. Although it was written as well as published first in the series it is volume two in recent editions which are sequenced according to Narnia history (the first being The Magician's Nephew).
 Lives of the necromancers or An account of the most eminent persons in successive ages who have claimed for themselves or to whom has been imputed by others the exercise of magical powers (1834) was English journalist political philosopher and novelist William Godwin's final book. The book concerns paranormal legends from western and middle eastern history. In 1835 it was reviewed by Edgar Allan Poe of the Southern Literary Messenger.
 The Journal of Emergencies Trauma and Shock is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the INDO-US Emergency and Trauma Collaborative. it covers all aspects of emergency medicine emergency surgery pre-hospital care trauma and shock.
 Democracy Joan Didion's fourth novel was published in 1984. Set in Hawaii and Southeast Asia at the end of the Vietnam War the book tells the story of Inez Victor wife of U.S.
 Crişana is an important local newspaper based in Oradea (the informal capital of the Crişana region and the capital of Bihor county Romania). It is one of the oldest local publications being founded in 1945. The newspaper is published by SC Anotimp SA a local publishing house.
 Dragon Nest is a free-to-play fantasy MMORPG developed by Eyedentity. It uses a non-targeting combat system ensuring that players have complete control over every single one of their character's movements. Dragon Nest requires users to advance their characters by teaming up and traveling into instanced dungeons.
 Karnatakada Haridasaru is a historical thesis on the origin growth and development of the great Haridasa Order of Karnataka - an authentic well-documented and comprehensive presentation of the subject.
 La Celestina (as it is usually called after the leading character though actually the Tragicomedia de Calisto y Melibea or in English the Tragicomedy of Calisto and Melibea) is a work entirely in dialogue published in 1499. It is attributed to Fernando de Rojas a descendant of converted Jews who practiced law and later in life served as an alderman of Talavera de la Reina an important commercial center near Toledo.
 The Reaper's Image is a horror story by Stephen King first published in Startling Mystery Stories in 1969 and collected in Skeleton Crew in 1985. The story is about an antique mirror haunted by the visage of the Grim Reaper who appears to those who gaze into it.
 El Punt (Catalan pronunciation: [əɫ ˈpun] meaning in English The Point) is a Catalan daily newspaper based in Girona Catalonia (Spain). The newspaper was renamed in 1990 from the original Punt Diari ('Daily Point').
 Cry to Heaven is a historical novel by American author Anne Rice published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1982. Taking place in eighteenth-century Italy it follows the paths of two unlikely collaborators: a Venetian noble and a maestro from Calabria both trying to succeed in the world of the opera.
 Synthesis of the Doctrine of Race is a work by Italian esoteric writer Julius Evola and was published in 1941 by Hoepli.
 Tunis-Socialiste was a French language daily evening newspaper published from Tunis Tunisia. It was the organ of Tunisian Federation of SFIO. The newspaper was founded in March 1921 after the communists had split away from SFIO and taken the publication l'Avenir sociale with them. The initial editorial team of Tunis-Socialiste consisted of Dr. Albert Cattan André Duran-Angliviel Joachim Durel and the Fiche couple. Tunis-Socialiste carried the byline for the brotherhood of the races.
 George's Secret Key to the Universe is a 2007 children's book written by Stephen and Lucy Hawking with Christophe Galfard. The book was followed by two sequels George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt in 2009 and George and the Big Bang in 2011. It is intended for readers aged 9 and up.
 [hobo Joe ]The Cannibal is the fifth of the Joe Ryker books by Nelson DeMille. It was first published in 1975 but republished in 1989 with the author listed as Jack Cannon.
 Amar Desh (Bengali: আমার দেশ My Country) is a daily newspaper in Bangladesh published from Dhaka in the Bengali language since 2004. Amar Desh provides news about Bangladesh from local and regional perspectives and covers international news.
 The Friendship is the name of the 1988 Coretta Scott King Award-winning book by Mildred Taylor. Published in 1987 it is set in 1933 in Mississippi. It deals with the unfair treatment of African Americans.
 Atropos is a UK-based journal for specialists in Lepidoptera and Odonata. It takes its name from the scientific name of the Death's-head Hawkmoth Acherontia atropos.It was first published in May 1996.
 The Ants is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book written in 1990 by Bert Hölldobler and E. O. Wilson. It was a winner of the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 1991.
 Hōzuki no Reitetsu (鬼灯の冷徹) is a Japanese supernatural dark comedy manga series written and illustrated by Natsumi Eguchi. An anime television series adaptation by Wit Studio began airing from January 9 2014.
 In Arabian Nights (subtitled A caravan of Moroccan dreams) is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author Tahir Shah illustrated by Laetitia Bermejo. which takes up where his previous book The Caliph's House leaves off recounting among much else events at Dar Khalifa the Caliph's House in Casablanca where the Shah family have taken up residence.
 COSMOS is a science magazine produced in Australia with a global outlook and literary ambitions. It appears six times a year in print on iPad and browser-based subscriber editions. It has a readership of 114000 in print 130000 via browser subscribers and 50000 on the iPad app. Its Internet sister COSMOS Online publishes daily news and has an audience of 300000 unique visitors and 2 million page views monthly.
 Iwate Nippo (岩手日報 Iwate Nippō literally Iwate Daily) is a Japanese regional daily newspaper published mainly in Iwate prefecture. The company is based in Morioka.
 The Snowy Day is a 1962 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats. Keats received the 1963 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations in the book. It features a boy named Peter exploring his neighborhood after the first snowfall of the season. The inspiration for Peter came from a Life magazine photo article from 1940 and Keats' desire to have minority children of New York as central characters in his stories.
 Latin American Perspectives A Journal on Capitalism and Socialism is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Latin American studies. The journal's editor-in-chief is Ronald Chilcote (University of California). It was established in 1974 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Under Plum Lake is a children's adventure novel by Lionel Davidson first published in 1980.
 The Ensign of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints commonly shortened to Ensign /ˈɛnsaɪn/ is an official periodical of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The magazine was first issued in January 1971 along with the correlated New Era (for youth) and the Friend (for children) all of which replaced the older church publications Improvement Era Relief Society Magazine The Instructor and the Millennial Star.
 The Monthly Aanchal is an Urdu newspaper based in Pakistan. It is the oldest Magazine or Digest of Pakistan in continuous publication since its foundation in 1979. Its current group editor is Mushtaq Ahmed Qureshi.The Monthly Anachal is published by the Naey Ufaq Group of Publication. The Monthly Aanchal and Monthly Naey Ufaq has a circulation of over 500000 .
 Van Richten's Guide to Werebeasts is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 Tint magazine is a quarterly global zine and independent magazine published in Detroit Michigan. Though its motto Celebrating Women of Every Color targets all women the magazine typically covers issues from the voices of women of color and often from a politically left-wing perspective.Tint began as a multicultural women's webzine first published in 2004 by then college freshman Margarita L. Barry on the campus of Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green Ohio.
 Bad Kitty is a 2006 young adult novel written by Michele Jaffe. It is about a would-be girl detective and her friends. The sequel to Bad Kitty is Kitty Kitty.
 off our backs (oob) was an American radical feminist periodical.off our backs began as a twelve-page tabloid first issue published on February 27 1970. The editors later adapted it into a bimonthly magazine.off our backs was edited and published by a collective of women who practiced consensus decision-making. Marilyn Webb Heidi Steffens Marlene Wicks Colette Reid and Norma Lesser formed the original off our backs collective.
 The Eyes of Darkness is a best-selling novel written by Dean Koontz released in 1981. The book focuses on a mother who sets out on a quest to find out if her son truly did die one year ago or if he is still alive — somewhere.
 The Shadow Within is a Babylon 5 novel written by Jeanne Cavelos onetime editor of Dell Books and author of The Passing of the Techno-Mages trilogy. According to Babylon 5 creator J. Michael Straczynski the book is 90% canonical though he has not clarified which parts are not canonical. It was also published under ISBN 0-345-45218-6.The events of the novel detail two nearly unrelated plotlines early in 2257 just prior to Babylon 5: The Gathering the series pilot telefilm.
 Perihelion Science Fiction is an American online science fiction magazine specializing in hard science fiction. The first issue was published November 12 2012 and it has maintained a regular monthly update schedule since. Perihelion has published fiction by authors such as Joseph Green Ken Liu Aliya Whiteley and Steve Stanton including articles by National Press Club member John A. McCormick and comic strips by Christopher Baldwin and John Waltrip.
 Nobody's Buddy is an American children's novel written by John A. Moroso and published in 1936 by Goldsmith Publishing Co. of Chicago Illinois.
 A Small Death in Lisbon is a crime novel by Robert Wilson. The novel set in Portugal consists of two narratives: one is the contemporary investigation by Inspector José Zé Coelho into the death of a young girl and the other begins in World War II and examines events during German operations in the country. This eventually joins with the main narrative. The novel won the CWA Gold Dagger Award in 1999 and the German Crime Prize (for an International Novel) in 2003.
 Dragon Magazine (ドラゴンマガジン Doragon Magajin) frequently abbreviated as Doramaga or DM is a Japanese adult light novel and seinen manga magazine first published in 1988. The magazine became bi-monthly on March 19 2008.Many popular light novels which were later animated were originally serialized in it. The magazine also features one or two manga series at a time. The light novel magazine Fantasia Battle Royal was a special edition of Dragon Magazine.
 Im Dienst des Diktators: Leben und Flucht eines nordkoreanischen Agenten (en: In the Dictator's Service: the Life and Flight of a North Korean Agent) is a biography of North Korean defector Kim Jong Ryul that reveals information on the luxurious lifestyle of North Korea's Eternal President Kim Il-sung and his son Kim Jong-il.
 Audiological Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of hearing balance and communication disorders. It is the official journal of the International Association of Physicians in Audiology as well as the British Swedish and Danish Associations of Audiological Physicians and the Societe Italiana di Audiologia. Audiological Medicine has been published quarterly by Informa since 2003 and is edited by Alessandro Martini (Ferrara Italy). It is indexed in PsycINFO.
 Blinded by the Right: The Conscience of an Ex-Conservative is a 2002 book written by former conservative journalist David Brock detailing his departure from the conservative movement. It is also the story of his coming out as a gay man. In the book he states that he visited gay bars with Matt Drudge and other conservatives.
 Public Enemy No.2 is a novel written by Anthony Horowitz the second in the Diamond Brothers series. The main character in the book is Nick Diamond His older brother Herbert Simple – who goes by the name Tim Diamond – is an unsuccessful private detective. The novel is particularly known for its humour. It is followed by South By South East.
 Tom Swift and His Electric Locomotive Or Two Miles a Minute on the Rails is Volume 25 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Looking for Rachel Wallace is the sixth Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker first published in 1980.
 Controversy Creates Cash is the autobiography of professional wrestling promoter and personality Eric Bischoff written with Jeremy Roberts. It debuted at #16 on the New York Times Best Seller list making it the highest ranked WWE book since To Be the Man in 2004. The book was also #83 on USA Today’s Best-selling Books for the week of its release.
 Dragon Cauldron is a fantasy novel by Chinese-American author Laurence Yep first published in 1991. It is the third book in his Dragon tetralogy. Dragon Cauldron marks a shift in narration from Shimmer who had narrated the first two books in the series to Monkey who had up to that point played a minor role. Yep found it necessary to change narrative voices after six years of trying to write Dragon Cauldron.
 Rantoul and Die is a play written by Mark Roberts.
 Go Ask Malice: A Slayer's Diary is an original novel based on the American television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The author Robert Joseph Levy also wrote the Buffyverse novel The Suicide King.The book's title references Go Ask Alice a controversial book which was an account of drug abuse.
 The Marrow of Tradition (1901) is a historical novel by the African-American author Charles Chesnutt set at the time and portraying a fictional account of the Wilmington Insurrection of 1898 in Wilmington North Carolina.
 Lucky Starr and the Rings of Saturn is the final novel in the Lucky Starr series six juvenile science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov that originally appeared under the pseudonym Paul French. The novel was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1958. It was the last novel to be published by Asimov until his 1966 novelization of Fantastic Voyage and his last original novel until 1973's The Gods Themselves.
 Super-Toys Last All Summer Long is a short story by British science fiction author Brian Aldiss first published in 1969. The story deals with humanity in an age of intelligent machines and of the aching loneliness endemic in an overpopulated future where child creation is controlled.
 The Porcelain Magician is a collection of oriental fantasy short stories written by Frank Owen. It was first published in hardcover by Gnome Press in 1948. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Weird Tales Mystery Magazine and The Dance Magazine
 Magic's Promise is the second fantasy novel in the The Last Herald Mage Trilogy by Mercedes Lackey and published in 1992.
 Canadian Art is a quarterly art magazine published in Toronto and focusing on Canadian contemporary art. Established in 1943 it was known as artscanada between 1968 and 1983.
 Regulatory Toxicology and Pharmacology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal which covers legal aspects of toxicological and pharmacological regulations. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Society of Regulatory Toxicology & Pharmacology. The current editor-in-chief is Gio B. Gori.
 The Man Who Invented the Twentieth Century: Nikola Tesla forgotten genius of electricity (ISBN 0747275882 : OCLC 40839685) is a book by Robert Lomas detailing the life of Nikola Tesla. Lomas covers the times of the electric engineer in the United States and the inventors' work.
 The Hotline is a daily political briefing published alongside National Journal by Atlantic Media from its headquarters at The Watergate complex in Washington D.C.. It is currently edited by Steven Shepard. The Hotline was founded by Doug Bailey and Roger Craver in 1987 and published independently until its acquisition in 1996 by National Journal Group now a subsidiary of Atlantic Media. The Hotline's primary audience includes Congressional staffers political operatives and pundits.
 La Vermine du Lion (The Lion's Parasites) is a French science fiction novel by Francis Carsac first published in paperback by Fleuve Noir in 1967. It was reissued by Super-luxe in 1978 and Eons in 2004. The first hardcover edition was issued issued after the author's death by La page blanche in December 1982 with a new preface by Jacques Tixier.
 Mistress Branican (French: Mistress Branican 1891) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne.
 Joy in the Morning is a novel by P.G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on 22 August 1946 by Doubleday & Co. New York and in the United Kingdom on 2 June 1947 by Herbert Jenkins London.
 A Thousand Deaths is an 1899 short story by Jack London and is notable as his first work to be published. It has as its theme the deliberate experimentally induced death and resuscitation/resurrection of the protagonist by a mad scientist who uses multiple scientific methods for these experiments. The plot is Freudian inasmuch as the scientist who carries out the painful killings and resuscitation experiments is the subject's own father whom the subject eventually succeeds in vaporizing.
 The Unfortunates is an experimental book in a box published in 1969 by English author B. S. Johnson and reissued in 2008 by New Directions. The 27 sections are unbound with a first and last chapter specified. The 25 sections in-between ranging from a single paragraph to 12 pages in length are designed to be read in any order.
 Opium Nation: Child Brides Drug Lords and One Woman's Journey Through Afghanistan is a 2011 book by Fariba Nawa. The author travels throughout Afghanistan to talk with individuals part of the opium production in Afghanistan centering on women's role in it. Generally reviewers felt that the book succeeded in its portrayal of Afghan culture and the impact of the opium trade on Afghans.
 Industrial Distribution (ISSN 0019-8153) is a website owned by Advantage Business Media. The site provides news feature video and product content geared toward distributors wholesalers and re-sellers of products used in the industrial manufacturing MRO (maintain repair overhaul) marketplace.The website's editor is Anna K. Wells and the site's editorial director is Jeff Reinke.
 Sehaj Samadhi Banaam Sunn Samadhi is a religious text written by Dharam Singh Nihang Singh containing exegesis of famous discourse and composition of Guru Nanak Sidh Gosti.This text is also called Sidh Goshti Steek having 162 pages written in 1999 on occasion of 300 years of Khalsa Panth mainly for preachers of Sikh religion. The book was published by Sachkhoj Academy Khanna and was second book from author after Naad Ved Vichar.
 Dead in the West is a short horror novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It involves the tale of longtime Lansdale character the Reverend Jebediah Mercer who rides into the town of Mud Creek Texas that is about to be attacked by an Indian medicine man who was unjustly lynched by the town inhabitants. Soon the dead will rise and seek human flesh and the Reverend finds himself right in the middle of it.
 Young Man Luther: A Study in Psychoanalysis and History is a 1958 book by psychologist Erik Erikson the founder of today's accepted depiction of the growth and evolution of the psyche throughout the lifelong cycle and coiner of the term identity crisis. It was one of the first psychobiographies of a famous historical figure. Erikson found in Martin Luther a good model of his discovery of the identity crisis.
 Asian Ethnology is an open access semi-annual peer-reviewed journal dedicated to the promotion of research on the peoples and cultures of Asia.
 One Who Walked Alone: Robert E. Howard The Final Years is a memoir of Robert E. Howard by Novalyne Price Ellis. Donald M. Grant publisher Inc. published the book in 1986 with an edition of 800 copies. The book was adapted into the film The Whole Wide World in 1996. Grant has reprinted the book four times: 1988 (550 copies) 1998 (500 copies) and twice more.
 The Charm School is a 1988 thriller novel by Nelson DeMille.The title refers to a Soviet training facility where Russian spies are trained to infiltrate American society and the book deals with the U.S. response to this school. According to DeMille's August 2009 newsletter the novel will be rewritten for the screen by Frank Pearson. The motion picture will be directed by Ericson Core.
 Business and Finance is a fortnightly business magazine published in Ireland by Belenos Publications. It is a sister title to Magill.
 Bing Crosby's Last Song is a novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in 1968 in the Oakland neighbourhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of Daly Racklin a Pittsburgh attorney who on a Spring day learns from his doctor that he has one year to live. Racklin is a defacto voice of a dying Irish neighborhood and he is also torn by his father's shadow and ambitions of his own.
 Top Gear: Turbo Challenge was a fortnightly partwork magazine published by BBC Magazines in the United Kingdom. Each issue was priced at £2.50 and came with a pack of trading cards.It is based on the popular BBC TV series Top Gear and is mostly aimed at children.Top Gear: Turbo Challenge ceased publishing after issue 52 once the Platinum card set was completed.
 dear (dear(ディア) dia) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Cocoa Fujiwara. It was first serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Monthly Gangan Wing in June 2002 published by Square Enix. Currently twelve volumes have been released in Japan. dear is set in the same world as Fujiwara's other work Watashi no Ookami-san.
 I Am America (And So Can You!) is a 2007 satirical book by American comedian Stephen Colbert and the writers of The Colbert Report. It was released on October 9 2007 with the audiobook edition released several days earlier. The book is loosely structured around the fictional life story of Stephen Colbert as he appears on The Colbert Report.
 Your Erroneous Zones is the first self-help book written by Wayne Dyer and issued on August 1 1976. It is one of the top-selling books of all time with an estimated 35 million copies sold. The book spent 64 weeks on the New York Times bestseller list through November 13 1977 including a spot at number one on the week of May 8 1977.
 In Our Time is a book of essays and illustrations written and drawn by Tom Wolfe published in 1980.
 New Internationalist (NI) is a magazine from New Internationalist Publications a co-operative-run publisher based in Oxford England.
 Hrvatska ljevica (English: Croatian Left) was a left-wing monthly magazine in Croatia issued from 1993 to 2005. It was published by the independent publishing house Razlog. It was discontinued following the death of its main editor and owner Stipe Šuvar the former Minister of Culture and Vice President of Yugoslavia. The magazine was also edited by Filip Erceg Mladen Jakopović (pseudonym Daniel Jakopovich) Bojan Mirosavljev and Jasna Tkalec.
 Sanctuary (サンクチュアリ Sankuchuari) is manga written by Sho Fumimura and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. It was serialized in Big Comic Superior from 1990 to 1995 then released into 12 volumes by Shogakukan. It was published as 46 comic books and collected as nine volumes in America by Viz Graphics from 1995 to 1997. Sanctuary was a bestseller in Japan and inspired a live action film.
 Al Hawza or al Hauza was a newspaper in Iraq started after the removal of Saddam Hussein and considered to be the mouthpiece for Shi'ite cleric Moqtada Sadr. It was shut down by the 759th Military Police Battalion under orders of the United States– led administration of Paul Bremer on March 28 2004 after being accused of encouraging violence against Coalition troops.
 Darwin's Black Box: The Biochemical Challenge to Evolution is a 1996 book by Michael J. Behe that presents his notion of irreducible complexity and claims that its presence in many biochemical systems therefore indicates that they must be the result of intelligent design rather than evolutionary processes.
 Good Time Guy was a humorous syndicated comic strip distributed by Metropolitan Newspaper Service from 1927 to 1929.It was begun by prolific screenwriter Bill Conselman under the pen name of Frank Smiley and well-established artist Mel Cummin. Cummin was succeeded the following year by Dick Huemer (1928–29) who was in turn followed by Fred Fox (1929).
 Ignorance (French: L'ignorance) is a novel by Milan Kundera. It was written in 1999 in French and published in 2000. It was translated into English in 2002 by Linda Asher for which she was awarded the Scott Moncrieff Prize the following year.
 Barbershop Digest is a full-color narrowcast niche publication reaching African-American men across a diverse section of demographics. Revealing entertaining and thought provoking Barbershop Digest is a publication on the pulse of African-American men. Barbershop Digest is the only magazine with a focus on the culture that encompasses African-American men.
 Gwiazda Polarna (Polish for Pole Star) is America's oldest independent Polish-language newspaper. It has been published since 1908 in Stevens Point Wisconsin.
 The New Zealand Law Reports (NZLR) are the official law report series of the superior courts of New Zealand comprising the Supreme Court of New Zealand Court of Appeal of New Zealand and High Court of New Zealand.
 Camber the Heretic is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1981. It was the sixth novel of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the third book in her second Deryni trilogy The Legends of Camber of Culdi. The Legends trilogy serves as prequels to The Chronicles of the Deryni series that Kurtz wrote from 1970 to 1973 and it details the events that occurred two centuries before the Chronicles trilogy.
 The Irresistible Revolution is a book by Shane Claiborne published in 2006. This work subtitled Living as an Ordinary Radical describes and advocates what the author argues to be a truly Christian lifestyle.
 Three Rivers Review or Three Rivers Review of Undergraduate Literature is a Literary magazine published by the University of Pittsburgh Honors College. Three Rivers Review was established in Fall 1995 as a student produced magazine called Thirst.
 Modelling and Simulation in Materials Science and Engineering is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IOP Publishing eight times per year. The journal covers properties structure and behavior of all classes of materials at scales from the atomic to the macroscopic.
 Twin Spica (ふたつのスピカ Futatsu no Supika) is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kou Yaginuma. The realistic slice-of-life science fiction series tells the story of a group of Japanese high school students training to become astronauts in the early 21st century after the country's first human spaceflight launch ends in a disaster that causes many civilian casualties.
 The Navigator is the seventh book in the NUMA Files series of books co-written by best-selling author Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos and was published in June 2007. The main character of this series is Kurt Austin.
 The Wyndham Werewolves series is a paranormal romance book series by MaryJanice Davidson. The series is about the Wyndham werewolf pack and focuses on various characters throughout the series.
 Mutineers of the Bounty (French: Les Révoltés de la Bounty) is a short story by Jules Verne. The story is based on British documents about the Mutiny on the Bounty and was published in 1879 together with the novel The Begum's Fortune (Les cinq cents millions de la Bégum) as a part of the series Les Voyages Extraordinaires (The Extraordinary Voyages).Unlike many authors covering the topic Verne concentrates on the deposed captain of the Bounty William Bligh.
 The Howling III: Echoes is a 1985 horror novel by the American author Gary Brandner. It is the third and final book in his Howling series of novels. Like its predecessor Return Of The Howling the book has not been adapted for the screen and bears virtually no similarity to the Howling III film or any of the other films in The Howling series.
 Attitude (often stylized as attitude) is a British gay lifestyle magazine owned by Attitude Media Ltd. It is sold worldwide as a physical magazine and as a digital download for the iPad and iPhone via the App Store and for Android devices via the Android Market. The first issue of attitude appeared in May 1994. A separate Thai edition and Vietnamese one has been published since March 2011 and November 2013 respectively.
 The Weekly Arizonian was a newspaper published in Arizona Territory with a checkered existence from 1859 to 1871. It holds a special place in Arizona history as its first printed work first newspaper and first political organ.
 Newswatch is a Nigerian weekly news magazine published by Newswatch Communications Limited in Nigeria.
 The Pilot is a newspaper published in Pilot Mountain North Carolina.
 The International Journal for the Psychology of Religion is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to research on the psychology of religion. Its scope includes the social psychology of religion religious development conversion religious experience religion and social attitudes and behavior religion and mental health and psychoanalytic and other theoretical interpretations of religion. The current editor-in-chief is Raymond F. Paloutzian (Westmont College).
 Chuva Braba (Portuguese meaning Strong Rain) is a Capeverdean novel published in 1957 by Manuel Lopes. The book was awarded the Fernão Mendes Pinto award.[citation needed]There are a few differing translations. One entitled Wild Rain was translated by R. Evora Brito PH.D. and published in 1982 and re-issued in 1994 by Copy-Masters Inc. in Taunton MA. (No ISBN available)
 Love and War in the Apennines is a 1971 Second World War memoir (with some changes of names and people and places and some composite characters) by Eric Newby. It was dramatised as the 2001 film In Love and War starring Callum Blue and Barbora Bobulova.
 Ethical Consumer is a not-for-profit UK magazine and website which publishes information on the social ethical and environmental behaviour of companies and issues around trade justice and ethical consumerism. It was founded in 1989 by Rob Harrison and Jane Turner.
 Departures is an American lifestyle magazine published by Time Inc.Magazine subscription is available only to holders of American Express' Platinum charge card free of charge.As of 2009 the editor-in-chief is Richard David Story.European South American Asian and Australian Platinum Card members receive the international edition of Departures magazine while Centurion members outside the US receive a dedicated Centurion magazine both published by Journal International GmbH in Munich Germany.Departures was purchased from American Express Publishing by Time Inc. 
 The Oxford Dictionary of Islam is a dictionary of Islam published by the Oxford University Press with John Esposito as editor-in-chief.
 How It Ends: From You to the Universe is a non-fiction book by astronomer Chris Impey that discusses the science of endings ranging from personal to cosmic. It was published as a hardcover by W. W. Norton & Company in 2010 and as a paperback in 2011.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #3 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the third volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in July 1974 and reissued in July 1976.The book collects eleven novellas novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction notes and concluding essay by Carr.
 Belorusskaya Lesnaya Gazeta is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus. It appears in the United States as an archived news version.
 The Tale of the Body Thief is the fourth novel in Anne Rice's The Vampire Chronicles series following The Queen of the Damned. Published in 1992 it continues the adventures of Lestat specifically his efforts to regain his lost humanity during the late 20th century. Chapters from the book appeared in the October 1992 issue of Playboy.
 A Grief Observed is a collection of C. S. Lewis's reflections on the experience of bereavement following the death of his wife Joy Davidman in 1960. The book was first published in 1961 under the pseudonym N.W. Clerk as Lewis wished to avoid identification as the author.
 The Enchanted Wanderer (Очарованный странник) is a short novel by Nikolai Leskov first published in Russky mir newspaper in 1873 (issues ## 272 274 276 279 281 283 286 288 290 293 295 297 300 302 304 307 309 and 311).
 Ode to a Nightingale is a poem by John Keats written in May 1819 in either the garden of the Spaniards Inn Hampstead London or according to Keats' friend Charles Armitage Brown under a plum tree in the garden of Keats House also in Hampstead. According to Brown a nightingale had built its nest near his home in the spring of 1819. Inspired by the bird's song Keats composed the poem in one day.
 The Masque of Kings was a 1936 Broadway three act drama written by Maxwell Anderson produced by the Theatre Guild and directed by Philip Moeller. Lee Simonson created the scenic and costume design. It ran for 89 performances from February 6 1936 to April 1936 at the Shubert Theatre.
 Prajapati(প্রজাপতি) a novel by Bengali author Samaresh Basu caused sensation with its publication.. It was first published in 1967 (1374 Bengali Era) in the Sharodiyo Desh special (page no 174-226) a well known Bengali monthly magazine a presentation of the Ananda Publishers. This novel is about a young boy who is used as the premises to understand not only his background but of the society at large.
 The Boys Next Door is a play written by Tom Griffin. Set in the Boston area it deals with four men with various mental disabilities who live in a group home. It takes place over roughly a two-month period and consists of brief vignettes about their lives. The play provides a humorous commentary on the men's lives taking a surprising turn as Barry's father comes to visit and Jack (their caretaker) accepts a new job.
 Time and the Gods is an omnibus collection of fantasy stories by Lord Dunsany. It was first published by Orion Books in 2000 as the second volume of their Fantasy Masterworks series. This omnibus contains all the stories from Dunsany's earlier collections: Time and the Gods The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories A Dreamer's Tales The Book of Wonder The Last Book of Wonder and The Gods of Pegāna.
 The Lost Language of Cranes is a novel by David Leavitt first published in 1986. A British TV film of the novel was made in 1991. The film was released on DVD in 2009.
 Velayat-e faqih (Persian: ولایت فقیه‎ velāyat-e faqīh) also known as Islamic Government (Persian: حکومت اسلامی‎ Hokumat-i Eslami) is a book by the Iranian Shia Muslim cleric and revolutionary Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini first published in 1970 and probably the most influential document written in modern times in support of theocratic rule.The book argues that government should be run in accordance with traditional Islamic sharia and for this to happen a leading Islamic jurist (faqih) must provide political guardianship (wilayat or velayat) over the people.A modified form of this doctrine was incorporated into the 1979 Constitution of Islamic Republic of Iran following the Iranian Revolution with the doctrine's author Ayatollah Khomeini as the first faqih guardian or Supreme Leader of Iran.
 Things That Fall from the Sky is a collection of eleven short stories by American author Kevin Brockmeier.These Hands was selected for Prize Stories 2000: The O. Henry Awards The Ceiling appeared in The O. Henry Prize Stories 2002 (First Prize) and Space appeared in The Best American Short Stories 2003.
 Song in the Clouds also known as Yun Zhongge (Chinese: 雲中歌) is a novel by Tong Hua. It was published in 2007 by Writers Publishing House (作家出版社). It is a sequel to Ballad of the Desert.
 Big Game is a short story (1000 words) by the American science fiction writer Isaac Asimov. He wrote in November 1941 when he was 21 failed to sell it to any magazine and eventually lost the manuscript. When in 1972 Asimov compiled a collection of his earliest stories The Early Asimov he listed Big Game as the last of eleven stories which he had failed to publish anywhere and which he thought were lost forever. However a fan of his Matthew B.
 The Phoenix and the Carpet is a fantasy novel for children written by E. Nesbit and first published in 1904. It is the second in a trilogy of novels that begins with Five Children and It (1902) and follows the adventures of the same five children: Cyril Anthea Robert Jane and the Lamb. Their mother buys the children a new carpet to replace one from the nursery that they have destroyed in an accidental fire. The children find an egg in the carpet which hatches into a talking Phoenix.
 The English Patient is a 1992 Booker Prize-winning novel by Michael Ondaatje. The book follows four dissimilar people brought together at an Italian villa during the Italian Campaign of World War II. The four main characters include: an unrecognisably-burned Englishman his Canadian Army nurse a Sikh British Army sapper and a Canadian thief.
 Return of the Brute is a novel written by Irish writer Liam O'Flaherty and published in 1929.
 A Matter of Traces is a short story by science fiction author Frank Herbert which first appeared in Fantastic Universe magazine in November 1958 and later in Herbert’s 1985 short story collection Eye. It is notable for being the first story to mention Herbert's ConSentiency universe one of his three elaborate universes or franchises spanning multiple volumes (the others being the Dune universe and the Destination: Void universe developed with co-author Bill Ransom).
 Hard Times – For These Times (commonly known as Hard Times) is the tenth novel by Charles Dickens first published in 1854. The book appraises English society and is aimed at highlighting the social and economic pressures of the times.
 Farmers Guardian is a weekly newspaper aimed at the British farming industry. It provides comprehensive and topical news with Livestock Arable and Machinery sections; as well as business information and latest market prices. It is sold nationally and publishes on a Friday.
 No Comebacks is a 1982 collection of ten short stories by Frederick Forsyth. Each story takes place in a different setting and ends with a plot twist. Several of them involve a central male character without any apparent strength who is put under pressure but who does not give in.Penthouse Magazine reviewed the collection by saying: Quite possibly the most entertaining collection of short stories currently making the rounds.
 Zanabazar or Dzanabadzar (Mongolian: Занабазар) is a novel by Mongolian author Sengiin Erdene. It has been described as one of the most popular historical novels of its period in Mongolia.
 The Egoist (subtitled An Individualist Review) was a London literary magazine published from 1914 to 1919 during which time it published important early modernist poetry and fiction. In its manifesto it claimed to recognise no taboos and published a number of controversial works such as parts of Ulysses. Today it is considered England's most important Modernist periodical.
 The Times Atlas of World History is a historical atlas first published by Times Books Limited then a subsidiary of Times Newspapers Ltd and later a branch of Collins Bartholomew which is a subsidiary of HarperCollins and which in the latest editions has changed names to become The Times Complete History of the World. The first two editions were created by Barry Winkleman the editorial director of Times Atlases and Managing Director of Times Books.
 The Journal of Management was established in 1975 and is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by SAGE Publications and sponsored by the Southern Management Association that publishes both empirical and theoretical research articles in the field of management. The journal is published on a bimonthly basis. Areas covered are business strategy & policy organizational behavior human resource management organizational theory entrepreneurship and research methods.
 The Man of Feeling is a sentimental novel published in 1771 written by Scottish author Henry Mackenzie. The novel presents a series of moral vignettes which the naïve protagonist Harley either observes is told about or participates in. This novel is often seen to contain elements of the Romantic novel which became prolific in the years following its publishing.
 Credenda/Agenda is Christian cultural and theological journal published under the auspices of Christ Church of Moscow Idaho. Douglas Wilson serves as editor Douglas Jones as senior editor and N. D. Wilson as managing editor. Editions are published quarterly in print form and also electronically on the internet.
 Anima may refer to:the Latin term for the animating principle see vitalismthe Latin translation of Greek psycheAristotle's treatise on the soul de animain Christian contexts the soul see also spirit Anima and animus expressions of the unconscious or true inner self of an individual in Carl Jung's school of analytical psychology Anima Togo village in the Doufelgou Prefecture in the Kara Region of north-eastern Togo Gum anima or gum animae a kind of gum or resin
 Hommage à Noir (Homage to black) is a 1996 film/ visual poem set to music filmed to honor and highlight the culture of Africa. Director Ralf Schmerberg shot this film entirely in black and white which is set to a soundtrack of African rhythms mixed with electronica.
 An April Shroud is a crime novel by Reginald Hill the fourth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.The novel is mainly Dalziel's as Peter and Ellie Pascoe marry and go on honeymoon. Taking leave himself Dalziel stumbles across a case of embezzlement and murder which he solves with Pascoe's last minute assistance in the closing chapters.
 Nasha Niva (Belarusian: Наша Ніва Naša Niva literally Our field) is one of the oldest Belarusian weekly newspapers founded in 1906 and re-established in 1991.The current editor-in-chief is Andrej Skurko who succeeded Andrej Dyńko.
 The Mad Hatter Mystery first published in 1933 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Slovo Kyrgyzstana (Russian: Слово Кыргызстана The Word of Kyrgyzstan) is an all nation Russian language newspaper published in Kyrgyzstan. It was established on 23 March 1925 as Batratskaya Pravda than change its name to Krest'yanskiy Put' from 1927 it was known as Sovetskaya Kirgiziya and from February 1991 to present - as Slovo Kyrgyzstana. In 1961 the newspaper was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour.In 1975 Slovo Kyrgyzstana had a daily circulation of 132000 copies.
 The Island of Doctor Moreau is an 1896 science fiction novel by H. G. Wells who called it an exercise in youthful blasphemy. The text of the novel is the narration of Edward Prendick a shipwrecked man rescued by a passing boat who is left on the island home of Doctor Moreau who creates human-like beings from animals via vivisection.
 The Boulevard is a Long Island/New York City regional variety magazine owned by Anton Community Newspapers. Founded in 1985 it was well received as a bi-monthly newspaper inserted into selected weekly newspapers in and around Long Island's Gold Coast.
 Millennial Women is a 1978 science fiction anthology edited by Virginia Kidd in which all the stories are written by women and have a female character as the primary protagonist. The themes which these stories have in common are those of social science fiction: that which is perceived as alien the uses of language careers familial relationships sexual politics social constructions of gender political freedom and equality.
 Today We Choose Faces is a 1973 science fiction novel by Roger Zelazny. As originally constructed Part 1 was an extensive flashback which followed Part 2 but the order of the sections was changed at the request of editor David Hartwell who felt that the novel worked better in chronological order. Zelazny later wrote “I was younger then & more in need of the money at the time & couldn’t afford to argue [with] him about it. I still prefer it the way I wrote it.”
 The Damagers published in 1993 is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton and the twenty-seventh volume of the adventures of government assassin Matt Helm. Hamilton had launched the series in 1960 with Death of a Citizen.The Damagers is to date the final Matt Helm novel to be published. Hamilton did complete a twenty-eighth novel The Dominators some years later but as of 2006 this book remains unpublished.
 Barnens svenska sångbok (Children's Swedish Song book) is a 1999 Swedish song book by Anders Palm and Johan Stenström. It follows the 1997 song book Den svenska sångboken and is followed by the 2009 song book Evert Taube – Sångboken.The books include songs for children from the 17th and 18th Centuries as well as more contemporary works and the songs are meant to be sung at home at kindergarten and/or at school.
 Aquatic Toxicology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1981. It covers toxicological research in aquatic environments.
 After America is an alternate history novel written by Australian author John Birmingham and released in Australia in July 2010. It was released in the United States on 17 August 2010.
 The Tyrant Falls in Love (恋する暴君 Koisuru Boukun) is a Japanese yaoi manga series written and illustrated by Hinako Takanaga. The Tyrant Falls in Love is a sequel to Takanaga's series Challengers. The series has appeared on manga best-seller lists both in Japan and in Germany and the long-delayed US release has been labeled one of the most highly-anticipated yaoi releases ever. The series is currently licensed in English by Juné.
 A Warlock in Whitby is the second book in The Whitby Witches series by Robin Jarvis. It was originally published in 1995.
 Tokumei Kakarichō Tadano Hitoshi (特命係長·只野仁) is a Japanese television drama or drama based on the popular manga of the same name by Kimio Yanagisawa. The title literally translates as Mission Section Chief Hitoshi Tadano. The manga is described as a salaryman and action manga. The television drama was aired on TV Asahi in 2003.
 Who Me is a Doctor Who themed stage show directed and co-devised by Scott Gooding starring Rob Lloyd and produced by Laura Milke Garner. Lloyd uses a fake courtroom setting to analyse whether Doctor Who has made him an obsessive or a better person with stories and photos from his childhood.In 2013 the show was toured to Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
 Black Sheep is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer which was first published in 1966. The story is set in 1816/1817.
 A Perfumed Scorpion is a book by the prolific noted writer on Sufism Idries Shah that was first published by Octagon Press in 1978 the same year that he published two other major works: Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way and The Hundred Tales of Wisdom.Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfill the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such A Perfumed Scorpion can be read as part of a whole course of study.
 Street Magic is the second book in the quartet The Circle Opens by fantasy author Tamora Pierce. It describes the further adventures of child-mage Briar Moss in his travels with his teacher the Dedicate Initiate Rosethorn.
 Intercourse (1987) is a radical feminist analysis of sexual intercourse in literature and society written by Andrea Dworkin. Intercourse is often said to argue that all heterosexual sex is rape based on the line from the book that says violation is a synonym for intercourse. However Dworkin has denied this interpretation stating What I think is that sex must not put women in a subordinate position.
 Turf is a five-issue comic book limited series written by Jonathan Ross illustrated by Tommy Lee Edwards and published by Image Comics.
 The Quest: Energy Security and the Remaking of the Modern World is an international bestselling book by energy expert Daniel Yergin. The book was initially published on September 20 2011 through Penguin Press and is considered to be the follow-up to Yergin’s 1992 Pulitzer Prize winning history of oil The Prize and describes the development of the current energy system and prospects for the future.
 Flowering Plants: Evolution Above the Species Level is a book written by evolutionary biologist and botanist G. Ledyard Stebbins which was first published in 1974.
 The Emperor of Nihon-Ja is the tenth installment in the Ranger's Apprentice book series by Australian author John Flanagan. The book was released in Australia on 1 November 2010 in New Zealand on 5 November 2010 and in the United States on 16 April 2011. The name Nihon-Ja is based on the name of Japan; Nihon-Koku. Also the Senshi are like the Samurai and there are katana in Nihon-Ja like the ones in medieval Japan.
 Polar Star was a Russian language literary almanac published in Saint Petersburg from 1822 to 1825. The Full title in Russian was Полярная звезда. Карманная книжка для любительниц и любителей русской словесности (Polar star. A pocket book for lovers of Russian literature). The main editors were Alexander Bestuzhev and Kondraty Ryleyev.
 The Journal of Memory and Language is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary academic journal of cognitive science which focuses primarily on the issues of memory and language comprehension. It has been published by Elsevier since 1985. The current editor-in-chief is Martin Pickering (University of Edinburgh).The Institute for Scientific Information's Journal Citation Reports ranked the journal first in the field of linguistics with a 2010 impact factor of 4.014.
 The Royal Treatment is a romance novel by MaryJanice Davidson and the first in the Alaskan Royal series.
 At Lady Molly's is the fourth volume in Anthony Powell's twelve novel sequence A Dance to the Music of Time. A first person narrative it is written in precise yet conversational prose. Winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize 1957 At Lady Molly's is set in England of the mid-1930s and is essentially a comedy of manners but in the background the rise of Hitler and of worldwide Fascism are not ignored. The comedy is character driven and ranges from the situational to the epigrammatic.
 Classical Mechanics (5th ed.) is a well-established textbook written by Thomas Walter Bannerman Kibble FRS (born 1932) and Frank Berkshire of the Imperial College Mathematics Department. The book provides a thorough coverage of the fundamental principles and techniques of classical mechanics an long-standing subject which is at the base of all of physics.
 Secret Wars II is a nine-issue comic book limited series and crossover published from 1985 to 1986 by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Marvel's then Editor-in-chief Jim Shooter and primarily pencilled by Al Milgrom.The series was a sequel to original series Secret Wars published in 1984 and 1985. The series tied-in with issues of other Marvel titles with each tie-in featuring a Secret Wars II logo in the top right hand corner to indicate that it was a part of the overall story.
 Interval is a 1939 play by Sumner Locke Elliott. It was popular and was performed throughout Australia at a time when this was not common for local plays.The play is set behind the scenes of a long running stage show in London.It was published in 1942.
 Journal of Rheology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research on all aspects of rheology the study of those properties of materials which determine their response to mechanical force. It is published bimonthly by the Society of Rheology through the American Institute of Physics. The editor-in-chief of Journal of Rheology is John Brady. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 2.646.
 Santorini is the final novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean first published in 1986.
 City Pulse is a free alternative weekly newspaper in Lansing Michigan. It was founded by Berl Schwartz a veteran journalist.
 Murder Being Once Done is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell first published in 1972. It is the seventh entry in her popular Inspector Wexford series.
 Liberty Defined: 50 Essential Issues That Affect Our Freedom is a best-selling 2011 non-fiction book by Congressman Ron Paul (R-TX).The book came out on April 19 2011. On release it was fifth on Amazon's best-selling non-fiction books and nineteenth for all books. For the week ending April 29 2011 it was fourth on the Wall Street Journal's Best-Seller List.
 Daily Pakistan (Urdu: روزنامہ پاکستان‎) is an Urdu daily newspaper in Pakistan. Mr. Mujib ur Rahman Shami is currently its chief editor and it has a circulation of over 500000 copies per day. Daily Pakistan is currently published from Lahore Karachi Islamabad Multan and Peshawar simultaneously. This Lahore-based daily was started in December 1990. During Z.A.Bhutto's democratic rule he suffered hardships and was put behind the bars.
 El Tiempo (English: The Time) is a nationally distributed non-tabloid daily newspaper in Colombia. As of 2012 it had the highest circulation in Colombia with an average daily weekday circulation of 1137483 rising to 1921571 for the Sunday edition.
 The Joy of Work (1998) by Scott Adams is a two-part book the first offering recommendations as to how office workers can find happiness at their cubicle desks and the second sharing Adams' formula for creating humor based on his experience penning the Dilbert comic strip.
 Nuova Rivista Storica is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Società Editrice Dante Alighieri. It publishes articles on Italian European and World history.
 On Liberty is a philosophical work by English philosopher John Stuart Mill originally intended as a short essay. The work published in 1859 applies Mill's ethical system of utilitarianism to society and the state. Mill attempts to establish standards for the relationship between authority and liberty. He emphasizes the importance of individuality which he conceived as a prerequisite to the higher pleasures—the summum bonum of Utilitarianism.
 Arrow's Fall is 1988 fantasy novel by Mercedes Lackey. It is the third of the original Heralds of Valdemar trilogy.
 Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World (2004) is a history by Jack Weatherford Dewitt Wallace Professor of Anthropology at Macalester College. It is a narrative of the rise and influence of Genghis Khan and his successors and their influence on European civilization.
 Like is the debut novel by Scottish author Ali Smith first published in 1997 in the UK by Virago and in the following year in the US by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt it draws much from Ali Smith's own life growing up Inverness and then moving to Cambridge as a student.
 Patsy of Paradise Place is a romantic fiction novel written by the English author Rosie Harris. The story is mostly set in Liverpool and talks about a young woman's struggle named Patsy Callaghan. It was first published in 2002.
 The Thieves’ Labyrinth is the third book in a series of Victorian detective novels by author James McCreet published in May 2011. It continues the adventures of a set of characters established in the first book The Incendiary’s Trail namely: George Williamson Albert Newsome Noah Dyson Benjamin and John Cullen.
 The Woods is a 1977 play by David Mamet. The show involves a young couple's weekend at a lakeside cabin. Mamet banned the play from being put on in New York in 1985 but lifted the ban unexpectedly in 1996 for actress Danielle Kwatinetz.
 The Pine City Pioneer (also Pioneer or Pine Poker as it is often referred to) is the largest of four newspapers in Pine County and is published once per week.
 Lavondyss also titled Lavondyss: Journey to an Unknown Region is the second fantasy novel of the Mythago Wood series written by Robert Holdstock. Lavondyss was originally published in 1988.
 The Penguin Dictionary of Curious and Interesting Numbers is a reference book for recreational mathematics and elementary number theory written by David Wells. The first edition was published in paperback by Penguin Books in 1986 in the UK and a revised edition appeared in 1997 (ISBN 0-14-026149-4).
 The Journal of Modern African Studies is a quarterly academic journal covering developments in modern African politics and society. Its main emphasis is on current issues in African politics economies societies and international relations. It publishes approximately 25 articles and 30 book reviews a year.The journal is published by Cambridge University Press and its current editor is Christopher Clapham from the University of Cambridge.
 Move UP is a nonfiction book written by Dr. Clotaire Rapaille and Dr. Andrés Roemer in 2013 that explains upward social mobility from a biological and cultural perspective and how societies and nations create adequate environments for maintaining the bio-logical (a term they use referring to being logical about our biology) requirements of the human specie.
 All Esper Dayo! (みんな！ エスパーだよ！ Minna! Esper Dayo!) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kiminori Wakasugi. It has been adapted into a live action television program.
 Superman: The Man of Steel is a monthly American comic book series that ran 136 issues from 1991 to 2003 published by DC Comics featuring Superman. As a result of introducing this series alongside its already existing titles DC Comics was able to publish a new Superman comic each week.
 Andymon. Eine Weltraum-Utopie (Andymon. A Space Utopia) is a 1982 East German science fiction novel by Angela and Karlheinz Steinmüller. It was ranked as the most popular East German science fiction novel in a 1989 poll.
 Black Orchids is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in abridged form as Death Wears an Orchid in the August 1941 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Black Orchids published by Farrar & Rinehart in 1942.
 Me'am Lo'ez (Hebrew: מעם לועז‎) initiated by Rabbi Yaakov Culi in 1730 is a widely studied commentary on the Tanakh written in Ladino - it is perhaps the best known publication in that language.
 The 1981 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the tenth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1981 followed by a hardcover edition issued in August of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club.
 Never Bet the Devil Your Head often subtitled A Tale With a Moral is a short story by American author Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1841. The satirical tale pokes fun at the notion that all literature should have a moral and spoofs transcendentalism.
 This Room is a poem by Imtiaz Dharker. It is included in Cluster 2 Poems from Different Cultures of the AQA Anthology.
 Beeld is an Afrikaans-language daily newspaper that was launched on 16 September 1974. Beeld is distributed in five provinces of South Africa: Gauteng Mpumalanga Limpopo North West and KwaZulu-Natal. Die Beeld (English: The Image) was an Afrikaans-language Sunday newspaper in the late 1960s. It is the largest Afrikaans-language newspaper in South Africa with a circulation of more than 100000[citation needed].
 The Frog Prince Continued (ISBN 0-590-98167-6) by Jon Scieszka (illustrated by Steve Johnson) is a picture book parody sequel to the tale of The Frog Prince in which a princess kisses a frog which then turns into a prince. It was first published in 1991.Instead of living happily ever after issues ensue on both sides. The princess wants the prince to go do something heroic instead of lying around the castle catching flies all day (he's now human but retains some froggy habits).
 DoubleShot first published in 2000 was the sixth novel by Raymond Benson featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond (including film novelizations). Carrying the Ian Fleming Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam. The novel's working title was Doppelganger.
 Judge (ジャッジ Jajji) is a manga series written and illustrated by Fujihiko Hosono published in Futabasha's Weekly Manga Action. The story focuses on the Japanese hell where judgment is passed on the living.An original video animation based on the manga was released in 1991.
 I Don't Care About Your Band: What I Learned From Indie Rockers Trust Funders Pornographers Faux-Sensitive Hipsters Felons and Other Guys I've Dated is an autobiographical memoir written by comedienne Julie Klausner. Published in January 2010 by Gotham Books the book was inspired by Klausner's New York Times Modern Love piece about getting the brush-off from an indie rock musician.The book details Klausner's many romantic and sexual misadventures throughout her 20s.
 Earth Awakens is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and Aaron Johnston and the third book of the First Formic Wars trilogy of novels in the Ender's Game series.
 The Age of Capital: 1848–1875 is a book by Eric Hobsbawm first published in 1975. It is the second in a trilogy of books about the long 19th century (coined by Hobsbawm) preceded by The Age of Revolution: Europe 1789–1848 and followed by The Age of Empire: 1875–1914. A fourth book The Age of Extremes: The Short Twentieth Century 1914–1991 acts as a sequel to the trilogy.Hobsbawm analyzed the 19th and 20th century processes of modernization using what he calls the twin revolution thesis.
 A walk along the Ganges (1986) is a travelogue written by Dennison Berwick. In this book author tells about journey a 2000 miles along the Ganges the Indian river.
 Unmad the Sanskrit word for Mad ( or insane) has been used as the name of a monthly satire magazine in Bangladesh. It was created in 1978 and tries to ape the MAD Magazine. Bangladeshi cartoonist Ahsan Habib is its present chief editor by his own design. Unmad was founded by Ishtiaq Hossain and Kazi Khaleed Ashraf.
 Nordlys is a Norwegian newspaper published in Tromsø covering the region of Troms and the largest newspaper in Northern Norway. Chief editor is Anders Opdahl. Nordlys was founded in 1902 by Alfred Eriksen who also was its first editor-in-chief. Among the later editors are Ivan Kristoffersen who edited the newspaper from 1982 to 1997 and Hans Kr. Amundsen who served the position from 2001 to 2011.
 ACS Chemical Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society. It covers original research on the molecular underpinnings of nerve function in organisms and animal models. The journal was established in September 2009 ahead of the publication of the first issue in January 2010. The journal is one of the first journals of the American Chemical Society to be available in online-only format. The founding editor in chief is Craig W.
 Twenty Palaces is a series of fantasy/mystery novels written by Seattle author Harry Connolly. He provides a first person narrative of each story from the point of view of the main character Ray Lilly as he recounts his adventures working for the Twenty Palace Society. Although the series is almost always placed in the urban fantasy genre the stories so far have mostly taken place in rural areas in the Pacific Northwest of the United States as well as Los Angeles.
 A Pleasure to Burn: Fahrenheit 451 Stories is a collection of short stories and Fahrenheit 451 companion piece from author Ray Bradbury first published August 17 2010.
 The Journal of Economic Perspectives (JEP) is an economic journal published by the American Economic Association. The journal is very broad in its scope.
 Redbook is an American women's magazine published by the Hearst Corporation. It is one of the Seven Sisters a group of women's service magazines.
 Vampire Tales was a black-and-white horror-comics magazine series published by Curtis Magazines (an imprint of Marvel Comics) in the 1970s featuring vampires as both protagonists and antagonists.In addition to publishing anthological stories the magazine starred Morbius the Living Vampire in a feature written primarily by Don McGregor with pencilers including Pablo Marcos Rich Buckler Tom Sutton and Mike Vosburg and later by Doug Moench with artist Sonny Trinidad.
 The Island of Eternal Love is a novel by Cuban author Daína Chaviano.The plot is a family saga that takes place along two parallel lines: one during our time and another that begins in the 1850s. The modern story revolves around the paranormal investigations of Cecilia a young journalist researching a phantom house that appears and disappears in different parts of Miami.
 Chō-Sangokushi -LORD (超三国志-覇 lit. Extraordinary Records of Three Kingdoms -LORD) also known as LORD (覇 Ha lit: Conqueror) is the manga drawn by Ryoichi Ikegami (池上 遼一 IKEGAMI Ryoichi) and written by Buronson (武論尊; 史村 翔 FUMIMURA Shō; 岡村 善行 OKAMURA Yoshiyuki). Lord marks the fourth time this creative team have worked together on a manga.
 The Five Chinese Brothers is an American children's book written by Claire Huchet Bishop and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. It was originally published in 1938 by Coward-McCann.The book is a retelling of a Chinese folk tale Ten Brothers.
 Dance Dance Dance (ダンス・ダンス・ダンス Dansu Dansu Dansu) is the sixth novel by Japanese writer Haruki Murakami. First published in 1988 it was translated into English by Alfred Birnbaum in 1994. The book is a sequel to Murakami's novel A Wild Sheep Chase. In 2001 Murakami said that writing Dance Dance Dance had been a healing act after his unexpected fame following the publication of Norwegian Wood and that because of this he had enjoyed writing Dance more than any other novel.
 Canadian Home Workshop was a Canadian magazine that had been published since 1977. Its last publication was the Winter 2014 issue. The magazine featured do-it-yourself and woodworking content. Published six issues a year it featured articles on project ideas tool profiles technique and design ideas practical renovation and home maintenance information and shop tips.
 Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina (1995) is an anthology of short stories set in the fictional Star Wars universe. The book is edited by Kevin J. Anderson.
 The Journal of Religion is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press founded in 1882 as The American Journal of Theology. The journal embraces all areas of theology (biblical historical ethical and constructive) as well as other types of religious studies (literary social psychological and philosophical).
 Anthem is a dystopian fiction novella by Ayn Rand written in 1937 and first published in 1938 in England. It takes place at some unspecified future date when mankind has entered another dark age characterized by irrationality collectivism and socialistic thinking and economics. Technological advancement is now carefully planned (when it is allowed to occur at all) and the concept of individuality has been eliminated.
 Kompas is a widely read newspaper in Indonesia. Published by Kompas-Gramedia Group it has been in existence since June 28 1965.Kompas also manage an online portal KOMPAS.com which contains updated news and the digital version of the paper.
 Immaterial is a collection of horror stories by Australian horror writer Robert Hood. Immaterial collects fifteen tales featuring ghosts and grue in plenty aptly demonstrating his range of concerns and effects.
 The Newark Advertiser is a British regional newspaper owned by Advertiser Group Newspapers for the town of Newark-on-Trent and surrounding areas.
 The Formation of the Economic Thought of Karl Marx (French: La formation de la pensée économique de Karl Marx: de 1843 à la rédaction du Capital) is a 1967 book about the economic theories of Karl Marx by Ernest Mandel. It appeared in English translation in 1971.
 Love and Other Impossible Pursuits is a novel by Ayelet Waldman and released in 2006.
 The Cage (2002) is a book by Tom Abraham about his time spent serving in the US Army in Vietnam and after. It caused controversy among veterans of the war when it was revealed he had never been missing from his unit as claimed in the book.The author should not be confused with Tom Abraham a businessman and philanthropist from Canadian Texas.
 Some Spirits Heal Others Only Dance: A Journey into Human Selfhood in an African Village is an anthropological study of the ngulu cult among the Lungu people of Zambia authored by the anthropologist Roy Willis. It was first published in 1999 by Berg Publishers.In the book Willis discusses his own personal experiences with both the ngulu ceremonies of spiritual healing and the beliefs in malevolent muloozi sorcerers.
 Heat Wave is the first novel in Richard Castle's series about NYPD homicide detective Nikki Heat and journalist Jameson Rook. It was released on September 29 2009 and has had four sequels: Naked Heat (2010); Heat Rises (2011) Frozen Heat (2012) and Deadly Heat (2013).The novel was published by Hyperion Books as a deal with ABC. ABC produces the TV series Castle where the main character Richard Castle to whom the book is credited to being written by shadows NYPD Detective Kate Beckett.
 The Austral Avian Record with the subtitle a scientific journal devoted primarily to the study of the Australian avifauna was an occasional journal produced in five volumes between 1912 and 1927. It was founded funded and edited by Australian ornithologist Gregory M. Mathews who was also the main contributor.
 Flux is a 1993 science fiction novel by British author Stephen Baxter. It is the third book in Baxter's Xeelee Sequence.
 The International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer. The journal publishes 36 issues per year. It covers the full range of advanced manufacturing technology.
 Out of Bounds is the title of a comic strip by Don Wilder (1934-2008) and Bill Rechin. It was first syndicated in 1986. Rechin received the National Cartoonist Society Newspaper Panel Cartoon Award for 1992 for his work on the strip.
 Review of General Psychology (ISSN 1089-2680) is the quarterly scientific journal of the American Psychological Association Division 1: The Society for General Psychology. Review of General Psychology publishes cross-disciplinary psychological articles that are conceptual theoretical and methodological in nature. Other aspects of the journal include the evaluation and integration of research literature and the providing of historical analysis. The first issue of the Review appeared in 1997.
 Fateful Harvest: The True Story of a Small Town a Global Industry and a Toxic Secret is a nonfiction book written by Duff Wilson a reporter for the Seattle Times at the time. The book began as a series of newspaper reports which made the issue a national focus.The small town in question was Quincy Washington. Fateful Harvest won book of the year honors from the press group Investigative Reports and Editors and for which Wilson was a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize.
 Frostburn is a supplemental book to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Between is the first novel by writer Tananarive Due. It was nominated for the1996 Bram Stoker Award.Part horror novel part detective story and part speculative fiction The Between is a mix of genres. Yet it is no hybrid. It is a finely honed work that always engages and frequently surprises. -- JAMES POLK The New York Times
 The Journal of Chinese Religions (JCR) is the leading specialist journal in the field of Chinese religions. It is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles book reviews and other communications on all aspects of Chinese religions. The journal is supported by the Society for the Study of Chinese Religions (SSCR) and UC Berkeley and published bi-annually by Maney Publishing.
 The Country Wife is a Restoration comedy written in 1675 by William Wycherley. A product of the tolerant early Restoration period the play reflects an aristocratic and anti-Puritan ideology and was controversial for its sexual explicitness even in its own time. The title itself contains a lewd pun.
 Cradock Nowell: a tale of the New Forest is a three-volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1866. Set in the New Forest and in London it follows the fortunes of Cradock Nowell who is thrown out of his family home by his father following the suspicious death of Cradock's twin brother Clayton. It was Blackmore's second novel and the novel he wrote prior to his most famous work Lorna Doone.
 A Short History of Christianity is a non-fiction book on the history of the Christian religion written by Australian historian Geoffrey Blainey. First published in 2012 by Penguin Books it describes the history of Christianity from its foundations to the present day. The book was shortlisted for the Australian Prime Minister's Literary Awards in 2012.
 Black Gate (Japanese: リバース/エンド Hepburn: Ribāsu/Endo lit. Reverse/End) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yukiko Sumiyoshi. The manga was serialized in Enterbrain's manga magazine Comic B's-Log. The individual chapters were collected into three bound volumeswhich were published by Enterbrain between March 1 2007 and May 1 2008. It was licensed in English by Tokyopop which released the manga as an omnibus on October 12 2010.
 The Defense & Foreign Affairs Handbook on Azerbaijan is a comprehensive guide to Azerbaijan and its strategic partnership with the West detailing key aspects of the country’s history infrastructure government defense and security structures foreign policy apparatus economy and social structures as well as the big economic growth through 2005-2007 and its impact on the nation’s defense and national security structures.
 Loksatta (Devanagari: लोकसत्ता) is one of the most widely read Marathi daily newspapers in Maharashtra India. It is published by The Indian Express Group and was launched on January 14 1948. Loksatta is published out of Mumbai Pune Nagpur Ahmednagar Aurangabad and Delhi.
 Troublemaker: Let's Do What It Takes To Make America Great Again is a 2011 political non-fiction book written by Christine O'Donnell.
 Shishunki Miman Okotowari (思春期未満お断り lit. No Pre-Teens Allowed or No Interest in Prepubescence) is a Japanese manga created by Yuu Watase and serialized in the manga magazine Shōjo Comic.There are two sequels to this manga Zoku Shishunki Miman Okotowari and Shishunki Miman Okotowari Kanketsuhen.
 Tits & Clits Comix was an all-female underground comics anthology put together by Joyce Farmer and Lyn Chevely published from 1972 to 1987. In addition to Farmer and Chevely contributors to Tits & Clits included Roberta Gregory Lee Marrs and Trina Robbins.Along with such titles as It Aint Me Babe and Wimmen's Comix Tits & Clits was part of a movement by female cartoonists to counter the male-dominated often blatantly misogynistic works of the underground.
 Force Heretic: Refugee (also released as Force Heretic II: Refugee) is the second novel in a three-part story by Sean Williams and Shane Dix the other two being Remnant (I) and Reunion (III). Published and released in 2003 it is the eighteenth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 Cephalagia: An International Journal of Headache is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on headache. It is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the International Headache Society. The journal was established in 1981 and is currently published 16 times per year. It was previously published by Blackwell Publishing. The editor-in-chief is David W. Dodick (Mayo Clinic College of Medicine).
 Métis Mutt is a Canadian play written by Sheldon Elter. It is a comedy but mentioned heartbreaking play about a Métis person who must struggle through life with two cultures.
 Dorothea Dreams is a 1986 novel by award winning American author Suzy McKee Charnas.
 The Landlady (Russian: Хозяйка Khozayka) is a novella by Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky written in 1847. Set in Saint Petersburg it tells of an abstracted young man Vasily Mikhailovich Ordynov and his obsessive love for Katerina the wife of a dismal husband whom Ordynkov perceives as a malignant fortune-teller or mystic. The story has echoes of Russian folklore and may contain autobiographical references.
 Cancer is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons for the American Cancer Society as their official journal. The journal started publication in 1948. Since 1997 one volume per year has the section title Cancer Cytopathology with volume numbers integrated into those of Cancer and with the same ISSN. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.201.The first editor until 1961 was Fred W.
 Trio for Blunt Instruments is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published in 1964 by the Viking Press in the United States and simultaneously by MacMillan & Company in Canada. The book comprises three stories: Kill Now—Pay Later serialized in three issues of The Saturday Evening Post (December 9 16 and 23–30 1961) Murder Is Corny. Previously unpublished this was the last Nero Wolfe novella to be written and the last published in Stout's lifetime.
 Abolishing The Borders From Below is an anarchist magazine published by a Berlin-based collective since 2001.
 Beyond Singularity (ISBN 978-0441013630) is a science fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois. It was published in 2005 and includes stories on the theme of beyond singularity that were originally published from 1960 to 2004 though mostly from the last few years of that range. It is the 33rd book in their anthology series for Ace Books.The book itself as well as each of the stories has a short preface by the editors.
 World Orders Old and New is a book by Noam Chomsky first published in 1994 and updated in 1996 by Columbia University Press. In this book Chomsky takes on the international scene since 1945 devoting particular attention to events following the collapse of the Soviet Union. He develops a critique of Western government from imperialist foreign policies to the Clinton administration's promises to the poor.
 Seedfolks (1997) is a short children's novel written by Paul Fleischman with illustrations by Judy Pedersen. The story is told by a diverse cast of characters living on (or near) Gibb Street in Cleveland Ohio each from a different ethnic group. Chapter by chapter each character describes the transformation of an empty lot into a vibrant community garden and in doing so they each experience their own transformations.
 Artemis Fowl: The Time Paradox (known as Artemis Fowl and the Time Paradox in Europe) is the sixth book in the series Artemis Fowl by Irish writer Eoin Colfer. It was released in the U.S. on 5 July 2008 and on 7 August in the U.K. At 432 pages it is the longest book in the series. In Colfer's video blogs he mentioned the book saying it may not be the last but the last one for at least 3 years. It is followed by Artemis Fowl: The Atlantis Complex.
 Villa Aurore is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Darker Than You Think by Jack Williamson originally a novelette was expanded into novel length and published by Fantasy Press in 1948. The short version was published Unknown in 1940. It was notably reprinted by UK-based Orion Books in 2003 as volume 38 of their Fantasy Masterworks series.It can be classed as contemporary fantasy and urban fantasy though these were not yet clearly defined categories at the time it was written.
 A Thousand Lives: the Untold Story of Jonestown (2011) is a history of the Jonestown settlement and massacre in 1978. Written by journalist Julia Scheeres the book chronicles the lives of five people who resided in Jonestown before the mass murder suicides that claimed 918 lives.
 Tom Sawyer Detective is an 1896 novel by Mark Twain. It is a sequel to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (1876) Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1884) and a prequel to Tom Sawyer Abroad (1894). Tom Sawyer attempts to solve a mysterious murder in this burlesque of the immensely popular detective novels of the time. Like Adventures of Huckleberry Finn the story is told using the first-person narrative voice of Huck Finn.
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Ten is the sequel to the Season Nine comic book series a canonical continuation of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The Season Ten brand continues the two ongoing series that formed Season Nine: Buffy and Angel & Faith. The creative team of Angel & Faith in Season Nine writer Christos Gage and penciler Rebekah Isaacs are the creative team behind Buffy Season Ten. Victor Gischler and Will Conrad will take over Angel & Faith in this season.
 Macabre Cadaver Magazine was an American online horror fantasy and science fiction magazine. Macabre Cadaver published short fiction poetry and non-fiction articles. Macabre Cadaver Magazine was produced by Stark Raven Press and was available as an online webzine available in PDF and HTML format. Macabre Cadaver released only two print issues (#6 and #7) before placing print runs on indefinite hiatus on May 1 2009.
 Jurassic Park is a science fiction novel written by Michael Crichton. Often considered a cautionary tale on unconsidered biological tinkering in the same spirit as Mary Shelley's Frankenstein it uses the metaphor of the collapse of an amusement park showcasing genetically recreated dinosaurs to illustrate the mathematical concept of chaos theory and its philosophical implications. In 1993 Steven Spielberg adapted the book into the blockbuster film Jurassic Park.
 Buddhist Studies Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Equinox on behalf of the UK Association for Buddhist Studies. It was founded in 1983 by Russell Webb and Sara Boin-Webb. The UK Association for Buddhist Studies was established in 1996 and took over publication of Buddhist Studies Review two years later. The journal publishes articles on any aspect of Buddhism.
 Lincoln is a historical novel part of the Narratives of Empire series by Gore Vidal. Set during the American Civil War the novel describes the presidency of Abraham Lincoln through the eyes of several historical figures including presidential secretary John Hay First Lady Mary Todd Lincoln Secretary of State William H. Seward Secretary of the Treasury Salmon Chase his daughter Kate Chase U.S. Representative Elihu B. Washburne and conspirators John Wilkes Booth and David Herold.
 Teneke (English: The Drumming-Out) is a novel by the Kurdish author Yaşar Kemal appeared in 1955 by Varlık Yayınları after its first publication in 1954 as an episode in the newspaper Cumhuriyet. It is Kemal's second novel. Teneke reached its 23rd edition published 2004 by Yapı Kredi Yayınları.The novel was published in Turkish language 1962 in Bulgaria and was translated into various languages since 1964.
 The Canadian Business Journal is a monthly digital publication for Canada's senior executives who want to stay informed of current business topics and trends. The CBJ features articles and columns from Canadian writers focused on all aspects of the Canadian business landscape and includes a monthly section 'Canadian Business in Action' that produces comprehensive and illuminating corporate case studies highlighting successful Canadian enterprises.
 Rakkety Tam is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 2004. It is the 17th book in the Redwall series.
 Man of Nazareth is a historical novel by Anthony Burgess based on his screenplay for Franco Zeffirelli's TV miniseries Jesus of Nazareth. It is one of a trilogy of Burgess books with biblical themes the others being The Kingdom of the Wicked and Moses.
 Days of Blood and Starlight is a young-adult fantasy novel written by Laini Taylor. It was published in November 2012 by Hachette Book Group an imprint of Little Brown and Company. The book is the second in a planned trilogy preceded by Daughter of Smoke and Bone.The story continues where Daughter of Smoke and Bone left off.
 Bis is a magazine directed at teenaged schoolgirls published in Japan by Kobunsha. JJ Bis had changed its title to Bis effective from the January 2006 issue. JJ Bis former title of Bis has been established in 2001 as an extra issue of monthly JJ and JJ Bis is currently supported among Japanese high-teen girls. The ages of the readers of Bis are between 15 to 19 included senior high-school students.Bis proposes its readers dress conservatively as does JJ.
 Pobjeda (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Пoбjeдa English: The Victory) (MNSE: NIPO) is a Montenegrin newspaper. Having been published for 66 years it is the oldest Montenegrin newspaper still in circulation. It is the oldest Montenegrin active media too.Until September 1997 it was the only daily newspaper printed in Montenegro. Following several unsuccessful privatization attempts it is the only daily newspaper in Montenegro that is state-owned.
 To the Devil — a Diva! is a novel by English author Paul Magrs.
 The Man Who Ploughed the Sea is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1957. The story within a story is narrated by Harry Purvis who recalls a holiday spent submarining off of the Florida Keys. While there he happens to witness a meeting between two wealthy and talented scientists one of whom has designed a method to extract trace elements from seawater.
 George F. Kennan: An American Life is a non-fiction book by John Lewis Gaddis that won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography. The book is about U.S. diplomat George F.
 The Secret is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1963. It was first titled The Secret of the Men on the Moon when published in This Week magazine. It was collected in The Wind from the Sun.
 Skull-Face is a story written by Robert E. Howard which appeared as a serial in Weird Tales magazine beginning in October 1929 and ending in December 1929. The story stars a character called Steve Costigan but this is not Howard's recurring character Sailor Steve Costigan.
 Twinkle Twinkle Idol Star (♂ティンクル²♀アイドル☆スター Tinkuru Tinkuru Aidoru Sutā) is a Japanese shōnen manga by Hikaru Toyama. The manga originally ran in Shōnen Sunday in Japan.
 The Brain That Changes Itself: Stories of Personal Triumph from the Frontiers of Brain Science is a book on neuroplasticity by psychiatrist and psychoanalyst Norman Doidge M.D. It features numerous case studies of patients suffering from neurological disorders and details how in each case the brain adapts to compensate for the disabilities of the individual patients often in unusual and unexpected ways.
 Theft: A Love Story is a novel by Australian writer Peter Carey. It won the 2006 Vance Palmer Prize the Victorian Premier's Literary Award prize for fiction.
 Speculations is an anthology of 17 short science fiction stories published by Houghton Mifflin in 1982. It was edited by Isaac Asimov and Alice Laurance. Instead of crediting the authors in the usual manner it encouraged readers to guess who wrote which story and provided a code which could be broken to give the answers.
 The Mislaid Charm is a fantasy novel by author Alexander M. Phillips. It was first published in book form in 1947 by Prime Press in an edition of 5000 copies. The novel originally in the magazine Unknown in February 1941. It is the first novel published by Prime Press.
 Jūrmalas Ziņas is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Angel: The Hollower is a trade paperback collecting the three issues comic book series Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Angel based on the Buffy television series.
 Landlord Law & Multi-housing Report is a news service (or newsletter) produced in Silver Spring Maryland by CD Publications. It covers federal and state court decisions and HUD rulings on public assisted senior and disabled housing.
 Stranglers' Moon is a 1976 science fiction novel written by Stephen Goldin the second book in the Family D'Alembert series the first of which was expanded by Goldin from a novella by E.E. “Doc” Smith.
 Legions in Time is a science fiction novelette by Michael Swanwick. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novelette in 2004.
 The Executive was a monthly entrepreneurship publication. It covered business management finance and leadership. Articles were primarily written in a self-help.It began publication under Singapore Media Press in December 2006.
 The Journal of Nuclear Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging that covers research on all aspects of nuclear medicine including molecular imaging.
 Dracula is a superhero comic book series published by Dell Comics based on the three classic Universal Pictures monsters (The other two titles were Frankenstein and Werewolf).
 Andrea del Sarto (Called The Faultless Painter) is a poem by Robert Browning (1812-1889) published in 1855. The poem is a dramatic monologue a form of poetry for which Robert Browning is famous.
 Mygale is a thriller crime novel by Thierry Jonquet first published in France by Editions Gallimard in 1984 and then published in the US in 2003 by City Lights. It was also published in English translation in the UK and North America as Tarantula in 2005 by Serpent's Tail and it has also been released under the title The Skin I Live In the title of Pedro Almodóvar's film adaptation of the novel.
 Spherical Harmonic is a science fiction novel from the Saga of the Skolian Empire by Catherine Asaro. It tells the story of Dyhianna Selei (Dehya) the Ruby Pharaoh of the Skolian Imperialate as she strives to reform her government and reunite her family in the aftermath of a devastating interstellar war.
 Baby Pop (ベイビーポップ Beibii Poppu) is a shōjo manga series created by Yayoi Ogawa. It is licensed in French by Kurokawa.
 Rage is a mystery novel by American author Jonathan Kellerman
 Trumpets and Raspberries (Italian title: Clacson trombette e pernacchi) is a satirical play by Dario Fo first performed in 1981.
 Industry 2.0 is a monthly magazine published by 9.9 Media. It features a judicious mix of in-depth stories recent events and happenings incisive commentary case studies and in-depth discussions. Industry 2.0 engages with industry and technology leaders to provide a comprehensive overview of the manufacturing sector.
 Physics Reports is a peer-reviewed scientific journal a review section of Physics Letters that has been published by Elsevier since 1971. The journal publishes reviews on all aspects of physics. These reports aim to make their main points intelligible to non-specialists. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 20.394.
 One Hundred Years of Solitude (Spanish: Cien años de soledad) is a 1967 novel by Colombian author Gabriel García Márquez that tells the multi-generational story of the Buendía family whose patriarch José Arcadio Buendía founds the town of Macondo the metaphoric Colombia.The widely acclaimed book considered by many to be the author's masterpiece was first published in Spanish in 1967 and subsequently has been translated into thirty-seven languages and has sold more than 30 million copies.
 Party Going is a 1939 novel by British writer Henry Green (real name Henry Vincent Yorke).It tells the story of a group of wealthy people travelling by train to a house party. Due to fog however the train is much delayed and the group takes rooms in the adjacent large railway hotel. All the action of the story takes place in the hotel.
 Superstars published in France in 2000 by Flammarion and translated in several languages is the second novel by Ann Scott. Relating the tales of the techno culture emerging in France and in Europe in the late nineties this pop novel instantly gave its author a cult status.
 The Principal Upanishads is a 1953 book written Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan (1888–1975) then Vice President of India (and later President of India) about the main Upanishads which carry central teachings of the Vedanta.
 The Generals is the second volume in Simon Scarrow's Revolution quartet which narrates mostly in alternate chapters tells the story of Sir Arthur Wellesley (the future Duke of Wellington) and the Corsican Brigadier Napoleon Bonaparte (the future Emperor of France).
 The Ghost from the Grand Banks is a 1990 science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke (ISBN 0-575-04906-5).The story deals with two groups both of whom are attempting to raise one of the halves of the wreck of Titanic from the floor of the Atlantic Ocean in time for the sinking's centennial in 2012.
 Jeffrey Archer's Prison Diaries by FF 8282 is the authorised theatrical adaptation of Jeffrey Archer's 3-volume diary of his time in jail (which were published as A Prison Diary). FF 8282 was Archer's prisoner number while incarcerated.Adapted and written by Norman Hudis as a one-man play it is to be presented by West End producer Marc Sinden.
 Sun and Shadow is a short story by Ray Bradbury. Bradbury first published in 1953 in an American news magazine called The Reporter. Later that same year Bradbury anthologized it in The Golden Apples of the Sun.In 1957 Quenian Press published a limited edition of 90 copies of the story for members of the Roxburghe Club of San Francisco.
 Stalkers is a twelve issues comic book limited series created in 1990 by Jan Strnad Mark Verheiden and Mark Texeira and published by Marvel Comics imprint Epic Comics.It concerns a series of people some mentally unstable kidnapped to become disposable assassins. A co-story concerns a nihilistic detective and a psychic.
 Professional Pilot (or ProPilot) is a monthly aerospace publication produced in the United States focusing on business aviation including issues affecting pilots managers and dispatchers. Editorial content includes pilot technique airmanship operations weather reader surveys helicopters airplanes and avionics. ProPilot is known in the business aviation industry for its annual PRASE (Preferences Regarding Aviation Services and Equipment) survey.
 Sent is the second novel in The Missing series by Margaret Peterson Haddix. It was released on August 25 2009.
 Arrow in the Blue is an autobiography covering the first 26 years of Arthur Koestler's life (1905–1931). It was published in 1952 by Collins with Hamish Hamilton Ltd. and has been reprinted several times.
 Mahomet (French: Le fanatisme ou Mahomet le Prophete literally Fanaticism or Mahomet the Prophet) is a five-act tragedy written in 1736 by French playwright and philosopher Voltaire. It received its debut performance in Lille on 25 April 1741.The play is a study of religious fanaticism and self-serving manipulation based on an episode in the traditional biography of Muhammad in which he orders the murder of his critics.
 No Second Chance was written by Harlan Coben and published in 2003 as a stand-alone thriller. No Second Chance was the first international Book of the Month Club pick in 2003 due to its global appeal
 Hoshin Engi (封神演義 Hōshin Engi) also known as Soul Hunter is a Japanese manga series by Ryu Fujisaki.Hoshin Engi was inspired by the Chinese literary classic Fengshen Yanyi a shenmo novel. The story involves the Chinese mythology and history of China in particular the last members of the In (Yin Dynasty aka Shang Dynasty) and the plot to overthrow them.The manga series was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine from 1996–2000 and compiled in 23 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
 Golem in the Gears is the ninth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 The Journal of Korean Studies is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering Korean studies. It was established in 1969. The original series had two issues numbered Volume 1 (1969) and 2 (1971) that were edited by David Messler (University of Washington-Seattle). A decade later James Palais (University of Washington-Seattle) edited and published volumes 1-5 of the second series (1979-1987). Volumes 6-8 (1988-1992) were edited by Mike Robinson (Indiana University Bloomington).
 It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life is a 2000 autobiographical book by American cyclist Lance Armstrong with Sally Jenkins. The book was written shortly after Armstrong had won the 1999 Tour de France: he went on to win it six further times in successive years establishing a record. In 1996 he had been diagnosed with testicular cancer which spread to his lungs abdomen and brain and was only given a 40 percent chance of living.
 Amy Unbounded is an ongoing comic book series by Rachel Hartman that began in 1996. Amy Unbounded won the 1998 Ignatz Award for Best Minicomic.
 The Oxford Student is a newspaper produced by and for students of the University of Oxford; it is sometimes abbreviated to The OxStu. The paper was established in 1992 by the Oxford University Student Union.The Oxford Student is owned by OUSU and run through the Student Union's commercial subsidiary Oxford Student Services Ltd (OSSL). The newspaper's constitution grants the paper editorial independence.
 Inazuma Eleven (イナズマイレブン Inazuma Irebun lit. Lightning Eleven) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tenya Yabuno based on a series of video games created by Level-5. The manga has been published by Shogakukan in CoroCoro Comic since the June 2008 issue.
 Dreaming Down-Under is a 1998 speculative fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Janeen Webb
 Egyptian Grammar: Being an Introduction to the Study of Hieroglyphs was written by Alan Gardiner and first published in 1927 in London by the Clarendon Press. It has been reprinted several times since. The third edition published in 1957 is the most widely used version for the subject. Through a series of thirty-three lessons the book gives a very thorough overview of the language and writing system of Ancient Egypt. The focus of the book is the literary language of the Middle Kingdom.
 The Klingon Hamlet (full title: The Tragedy of Khamlet Son of the Emperor of Qo'noS) is a translation of William Shakespeare's Hamlet into Klingon a constructed language first appearing in the television series Star Trek.The play was translated over several years by Nick Nicholas and Andrew Strader of the Klingon Shakespeare Restoration Project with feedback and editorial assistance from Mark Shoulson d'Armond Speers and Will Martin.The impetus for the project came from a line from the motion picture Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country in which the Klingon Chancellor Gorkon stated You have not experienced Shakespeare until you have read him in the original Klingon.According to a disclaimer the project is written in a satirical style implied by Chancellor Gorkon's quote — that Shakespeare was actually a Klingon (named Wil'yam Sheq'spir) writing about an attempted coup in the Klingon empire.
 Flying Solo is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher first published in 1998.
 The Journal of Chiropractic Education is a medical journal and the official journal of the Association of Chiropractic Colleges. It publishes articles related to educational theory methods and content relevant to the practice of chiropractic. The journal is indexed in PubMed (but not MEDLINE) and CINAHL.
 Megaton (not to be confused with Megaton or Megatron) is a running UK video games magazine published every four weeks by Sky Jack publishing. It is aimed at children and costs £2.99 per issue.
 The Good Apprentice is the 22nd novel by Iris Murdoch first published in 1985.
 This article is about the Naguib Mahfouz novel. For the film of the novel see El callejón de los milagros. For the alley see Khan El-Khalili.Midaq Alley is the English Translation of Zuqāq al-Midaq by Naguib Mahfouz released in English in 1966. The story is about Midaq Alley a teeming back street in Cairo which is a microcosm of the world.
 The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath is a novella by H. P. Lovecraft (1890–1937). Begun probably in the autumn of 1926 it was completed in on January 22 1927 and was unpublished in his lifetime. It is both the longest of the stories that comprise his Dream Cycle and the longest Lovecraft work to feature protagonist Randolph Carter. Along with his 1927 novel The Case of Charles Dexter Ward it can be considered one of the significant achievements of that period of Lovecraft's writing.
 El gran teatro (Spanish The Great (or Grand) Theatre) is a 1980 novel by Argentine writer Manuel Mujica Laínez part of his Buenos Aires series.The whole action of the novel takes place during a performance of Wagner's Parsifal at Buenos Aires' famous opera house the Teatro Colón.The Colón is emblematically and par excellence The Great Theatre a giant and impossibly splendiferous jewellery box built in an improbable bygone age for a glitteringly self-assured class of leaders (or alternatively disgusting show-offs) to show itself off.
 New Avengers/Transformers is an intercompany crossover comic book series published by Marvel Comics and IDW Publishing that involves the pre-Civil War New Avengers and the Transformers. It is set in the fictional nation of Latveria and involves the characters Captain America Spider-Man Iron Man Luke Cage Wolverine Falcon and Ms. Marvel from the Avengers and Prowl Ratchet Jazz Bumblebee and Optimus Prime from the Autobots.
 Science Fiction Terror Tales is a 1955 anthology of science fiction horror short stories edited by Groff Conklin. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Other Worlds Astounding Galaxy Science Fiction Fantasy and Science Fiction Thrilling Wonder Stories Unknown and Universe.
 Mr. Monk Helps Himself is the sixteenth novel based on the television series Monk. It was published on June 4 2013. Like the other novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger Monk's assistant. It is the first novel in the series to be written by Hy Conrad.
 The Journal of Neurochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal founded and run by the International Society for Neurochemistry. The journal has been in circulation since 1956.Journal of Neurochemistry publishes full-length presentations of original findings and reviews highlighted by animated abstracts as well as Editorials.
 Career Times an English-language recruitment weekly for business executives has been published by Hong Kong Economic Times Limited every Friday since 1997.
 The Face on the Milk Carton is a young adult novel written by author Caroline B. Cooney and first published in 1990. Part of The Janie Johnson series it was later adapted into a film for television. The book is about a 15-year-old girl named Janie Johnson who finds out she was kidnapped and her biological parents are somewhere in New Jersey.
 The Litigators is a 2011 legal thriller novel by John Grisham his 25th fiction novel overall. The Litigators is about a two-partner Chicago law firm attempting to strike it rich in a class action lawsuit over a cholesterol reduction drug by a major pharmaceutical drug company. The protagonist is a Harvard Law School grad big law firm burnout who stumbles upon the boutique and joins it only to find himself litigating against his old law firm in this case.
 Leonardo the Terrible Monster is a children's picture book by Mo Willems. An ALA Notable Book it was released in 2005 by Hyperion Books.
 Rabbit Run is a 1960 novel by John Updike. The novel depicts five months in the life of a 26-year-old former high school basketball player named Harry 'Rabbit' Angstrom and his attempts to escape the constraints of his life. It spawned several sequels including Rabbit Redux Rabbit is Rich and Rabbit at Rest as well as a related 2001 novella Rabbit Remembered.
 Mei no Naisho (メイのないしょ lit. Mei's Secret) subtitled make miracle is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shiroi Kusaka. The story centers on an effeminate high school boy named Mei Haruna who was raised as a girl by his now-deceased witch mother; Mei too can use magic though he is not proficient at it. After his mother's death he transfers to an all-girls school and resides in the school's dormitory with his roommate and public morals committee member Fūka Honjō.
 Leonardo's Mountain of Clams and the Diet of Worms (1998) is the eighth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. The essays were culled from his monthly column The View of Life in Natural History magazine to which Gould contributed for 27 years. The book deals in typically discursive fashion with themes familiar to Gould's writing: evolution and its teaching science biography probabilities and common sense.
 Physiological and Biochemical Zoology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the University of Chicago Press on behalf of the Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology. It covers research on the biochemistry physiology and genetics of animals.
 Immortal is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 The Whiskey Rebels is an historical novel by American writer David Liss inspired by events in the early history of the United States. According to Liss (from the 'Historical Note' following the novel) This novel in many respects details the events that led up to the Whiskey Rebellion of 1794.
 Bárðar saga Snæfellsáss (About this sound listen ) or Bárðar saga Snæfellsáss ok Gests is a late saga of the Icelanders with legendary elements. It falls into two sections one about Bárðr and the other about his son Gestr; the first part takes place in Snæfellsnes in Iceland.
 The Land is a novel written by Mildred D. Taylor. It is the first book of the Logan Family saga. It is a prequel to the whole series that recounts the life of Cassie Logan's grandfather Paul as he grows from a nine-year-old boy into a man in his mid-twenties. This book won the 2002 Coretta Scott King Author Award and the 2002 Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction.
 The Autocracy of Mr. Parham is a 1930 novel by H. G. Wells.
 Camino Real is a 1953 play by Tennessee Williams. In the introduction to the Penguin edition of the play Williams directs the reader to use the Anglicized pronunciation Cá-mino Réal. The play takes its title from its setting alluded to El Camino Real a dead-end place in a Spanish-speaking town surrounded by desert with sporadic transportation to the outside world.
 The Rutgers Law Journal is a student-run legal journal at Rutgers University School of Law–Camden. It is the school’s flagship “law review.” The Journal publishes general-interest articles and student notes and comments in four issues each year.
 Astrobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the origin evolution distribution and future of life across the universe. The journal's scope includes astrophysics astropaleontology bioastronomy cosmochemistry ecogenomics exobiology extremophiles geomicrobiology gravitational biology life detection technology meteoritics origins of life planetary geoscience planetary protection prebiotic chemistry space exploration technology and terraforming.
 Near Myths was a comic magazine published in Edinburgh during the late 1970s that only ran for five issues. The initial editor was Rob King and it was produced by Galaxy Media. It is important because it featured the first works of Grant Morrison and Bryan Talbot (who took over as editor for the final fifth issue) as well as Graham Manley and Tony O'Donnell.
 The Moomins and the Great Flood (Swedish: Småtrollen och den stora översvämningen literally The Little Trolls and the Great Flood) is a book written by Finnish author Tove Jansson in 1945 during the end of World War II. It was the first book to star the Moomins but is often seen as a prequel to the main Moomin books as most of the main characters are introduced in the next book.
 The Bounds of Sense: An Essay on Kant’s Critique of Pure Reason is a 1966 book by Peter Strawson a 20th-century Oxford philosopher. The book is a critical reading of Immanuel Kant's text (referring to parts of it as proceeding by a non sequitur of numbing grossness) with an emphasis on the analytical argument of the transcendental deduction which Strawson takes to be one of the few lasting contributions Kant made to philosophy.
 Kathabeejam (The Germ of a Story) is a one-act play written by Malayalam language author Vaikom Muhammad Basheer. The play was written by Basheer in a period of few weeks and was conceived for the 16th anniversary of Samastha Kerala Sahitya Parishath. It was published as a book in May 1945 and was Basheer's only play. The protagonist of the play is a writer named Sadasivan.
 The Yale Daily News is an independent student newspaper published by Yale University students in New Haven Connecticut since January 28 1878. The newspaper's first editors wrote:
 The Confusion is a novel by Neal Stephenson. It is the second volume in The Baroque Cycle and consists of two sections or books Bonanza and The Juncto. In 2005 The Confusion won the Locus Award together with The System of the World also by Stephenson.
 The Journal of International Development is the official peer-reviewed academic journal of the Development Studies Association. It publishes research on international development issues with its main focus on the social sciences (economics politics international relations sociology and anthropology) as well as development studies although it also publishes work that involves both the natural and social sciences.
 Love Among the Walnuts: or How I Saved My Family from Being Poisoned is a children's book written by Jean Ferris.
 The Flora Europaea is a 5-volume encyclopedia of plants published between 1964 and 1993 by Cambridge University Press. The aim was to describe all the national Floras of Europe in a single authoritative publication to help readers identify any wild or widely cultivated plant in Europe to the subspecies level.
 The Death of Hope by Jude Watson is the fifteenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 Olé is an Argentine national daily sports newspaper published in Buenos Aires Argentina.The publication was launched on May 23 1996 by the Clarín Group. It has since become the most important sports publication in Argentina especially since the closing of El Gráfico in 2002 (later reopened as a monthly magazine).
 Faker is a six-issue comic book limited series that started in July 2007 by Vertigo written by Mike Carey art by Jock.
 Durandal is a novel of historical fiction by Harold Lamb. The first part of a 1931 novel (see below) it was published as a stand-alone book titled simply Durandal in 1981 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1875 copies of which 400 were boxed and signed by the artists. Intended as the first part in a proposed trilogy it was followed in 1983 by Sea of Ravens comprising the second section of the 1931 novel.
 Otroške stvari is a novel by Slovenian author Lojze Kovačič. It was first published in 2003.
 Children of Dune is a 1976 science fiction novel by Frank Herbert third in a series of six novels set in his Dune universe. Initially selling over 75000 copies it became the first hardcover best-seller ever in the science fiction field. The novel was critically well-received for its gripping plot action and atmosphere and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1977.
 Crusade is a novel by Robyn Young set during the end of the ninth and final crusade. It was first published by Dutton in 2007.
 The News of the World was a national red top newspaper published in the United Kingdom from 1843 to 2011. It was at one time the biggest selling English language newspaper in the world and at closure still had one of the highest English language circulations. Originally established as a broadsheet by John Browne Bell the Bells sold to Henry Lascelles Carr in 1891; in 1969 it was bought from the Carrs by Rupert Murdoch's media firm News Limited.
 Chers zoiseaux is a play by French dramatist Jean Anouilh.
 The Stories of Ray Bradbury (ISBN 0-394-51335-5) is as the title suggests an anthology containing 100 short stories by American writer Ray Bradbury and was first published by Knopf in 1980. The hundred stories written from 1943 to 1980 were selected by the author himself.
 Selby’s Secret is the first children's novel in the Selby series by Australian writer Duncan Ball and was first published in 1985. It was reissued in 2004.
 Jaws is a 1974 novel by Peter Benchley. It tells the story of a great white shark that preys upon a small resort town and the voyage of three men to kill it.Benchley was inspired by several real-life incidents such as the Jersey Shore shark attacks of 1916 that included five attacks four of those resulted in death over 12 days and the exploits of shark fisherman Frank Mundus. Doubleday commissioned him to write the novel. Film producers Richard D.
 Infinite In All Directions is a book on a wide range of subjects including history philosophy research technology the origin of life and eschatology by theoretical physicist Freeman Dyson. Published in 1988 this book is based on the author's Gifford Lectures delivered in Aberdeen in 1985. Infinite in All Directions can roughly be summarized as a treatise on the universe and humanity's role and its responsibilities.
 Saving Grace is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror.
 Me Kaksi is a 1920 poetry collection by Finnish poet Aaro Hellaakoski. The poems use satirical tones reflecting feelings of inadequacy and loneliness.
 Alice the 101st (101人目のアリス) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Chigusa Kawai.
 The Church Times is an independent Anglican weekly newspaper based in London and published in the United Kingdom on Fridays.
 Nebula Winners Twelve is a 1978 anthology of short stories edited by Gordon R. Dickson. The included works that had won the Nebula Award and were originally published in 1975 and 1976.
 Ivy Day in the Committee Room is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 The Big Blow is a 2000 novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It tells a fictional story of real life boxing great Jack Johnson.
 Victory for us is to see you suffer is a 2007 book on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict written by Philip C. Winslow. In the book Winslow a former U.N. relief worker and journalist reports on his experiences in the West Bank during the Second Intifada.Winslow explains the unusual title of the book in this passage as follows:Ami Ayalon a peace campaigner and member of the Knesset was asked if he stood by his oft-quoted remark that the Palestinians and the Israelis hate each other.
 The Devil in Iron is a 1976 collection of two fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 1976 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. as volume V of their deluxe Conan set. The stories both originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 The Case of the Toxic Spell Dump (Baen 1993) is a novel by Harry Turtledove. While having some aspects of an alternate history it is mainly a work of fantasy depicting a world where spells pragmatically used by some to achieve the same results as the use of technology call upon a spectrum of major to minor deities of the present to the past that are functioning when called upon or omni-present and restricted to local use or having a greater area of influence.
 The Communicator a 5000 weekly circulation is the student newspaper of IPFW (Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne). IPFW has over 14000 full and part-time students and has grown considerably over the past ten years. The Communicator itself has changed by leaps and bounds in the past several years.
 Vatanym Tatarstan (Tatar: Ватаным Татарстан Our Homeland Tatarstan) is the main Tatar language newspaper published in Kazan.Previous names:1918-1920: Эш (Labour)1920-? : Татарстан хәбәрләре (Tatarstan News)?-1960: Qьzьl Tatarstan/Кызыл Татарстан (Red Tatarstan)1960-1992: Социалистик Татарстан (Socialist Tatarstan)From 1928 to 1939 the newspaper was printed in the Latin alphabet; previously the Arabic alphabet was used.
 Ordinary Jack is a novel by Helen Cresswell the first book in the Bagthorpe Saga.
 The Tao of Wu is the second philosophical book written by prominent Wu-Tang Clan member and principal producer RZA. It is a sequel to The Wu-Tang Manual.
 Tom Swift and His Sky Racer or The Speediest Flight On Record is Volume 9 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 The Gutting of Couffignal (1925) is a hardboiled crime short story by Dashiell Hammett who is considered one of the greatest writers of this genre and the first of this school to have his work considered for literary qualities never until then associated with genre writing. It appears along with nine other stories by the author in The Big Knockover and Other Stories.
 Carbon Dreams is a highly regarded novel by Susan M. Gaines and an example of what has come to be known as Lab lit or science in fiction. It was published by Creative Arts Book Company in 2001 and is Gaines' first novel.
 Kimiya-yi Sa'ādat (Persian: كيمياى سعادت‎ English: The Alchemy of Happiness) was written by Abū Ḥāmid Muḥammad ibn Muḥammad al-Ghazālī a Persian theologian philosopher and prolific Sunni author regarded as one of the greatest systematic Persian thinkers of Islam. The Kimiya-yi Sa'ādat was written towards the end of his life shortly before 499/1105. During the time before it was written the Muslim world was considered to be in a state of political as well as intellectual unrest.
 Once More* With Footnotes is a book by Terry Pratchett published by NESFA Press in 2004 when he was the Guest of Honor for Noreascon Four the 62nd World Science Fiction Convention. It contains a mixture of short stories articles introductions to other books and speeches including his first published short story The Hades Business.The initial run is a limited edition hardback consisting of 2500 copies. It had two additional printings in hardback and is currently out of print.
 Parasite Pig is a young adult science fiction novel written by William Sleator. It is the sequel to the 1984 book Interstellar Pig.
 The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a novel by Pakistani author Mohsin Hamid published in 2007.The novel uses the technique of a frame story which takes place during the course of a single evening in an outdoor Lahore cafe where a bearded Pakistani man called Changez (the Urdu name for Genghis) tells a nervous American stranger about his love affair with an American woman and his eventual abandonment of America.
 The O'Sullivan Twins is the second in the St. Clare's series of children's novels by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1942.
 Charon's Landing is an adventure novel by Jack Du Brul. This is the 2nd book featuring the author's primary protagonist Philip Mercer.
 Sarah: How a Hockey Mom Turned Alaska's Political Establishment Upside Down by author Kaylene Johnson is a biography of Sarah Palin. Written before Palin was nominated for the Vice President of the United States it describes her upbringing and her quick rise to power as Governor of Alaska. The book was called the definitive primer on Palin as of the time of her Vice Presidential nomination.
 American Smooth is a poetry book by Rita Dove.
 Dynamo Joe was a comic book series published by First Comics from 1986–1988. Created plotted and drawn by Doug Rice it was scripted first by John Ostrander then by Phil Foglio. Ben Dunn sometimes filled in for Rice on the art.The series occurred in the future involving a war in which three star-faring civilizations are being invaded by the alien and seemingly mindless Mellenares huge green killing machines traveling in a straight line and destroying everything in their path.
 Otogi no Machi no Rena (おとぎのまちのれな lit. Rena in a Fairytale Town) is a Japanese manga by Mitsuru Hattori. It was published on May 2002 by Kodansha in Young Magazine Uppers until the magazine was discontinued.
 Le Dernier Verre (tr: the last glass) is a best-selling book by French cardiologist Olivier Ameisen based upon his experience of curing himself of alcoholism using the muscle relaxant baclofen.The book has been translated to English as The End of My Addiction and German as Das Ende meiner Sucht.
 Shabash Professor Shonku (Bravo Professor Shonku) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1974. Ray wrote the stories on Professor Shanku in Bengali magazine Sandesh and Anandamela. This book is a collection of seven of Shonku stories.
 JAMA Surgery is a monthly professional medical journal which aims to be a sounding board and forum for all the changes that are occurring in surgery today. The journal was established in 1920 as Archives of Surgery.
 The Emirates of Ylaruam is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Kenkō Zenrakei Suieibu Umishō (ケンコー全裸系水泳部 ウミショー lit. Wholesome Nudist Swim Team Umishō) is a manga series written and illustrated by Mitsuru Hattori which has been serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine from issue 33 of 2005 to issue 21-22 of 2008. It has been adapted into an anime TV series directed by Kōichirō Sōtome and written by Mamiko Ikeda which premiered in Japan on numerous television stations from July 2007 and a video game.
 The Sexologies: European Journal of Sexual Health (Revue Européenne de Santé Sexuelle) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier and is the official journal for the European Federation of Sexology (EFS). Its co-Editors-in-Chief are Mireille Bonierbale and Robert Porto.Articles in Sexologies contain original synthetic articles on human sexuality its dysfunctions and its management.
 Escape to the Hills is a novel written by James and Ethel Chapman and published in 1947.
 Flashman is a 1969 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the first of the Flashman novels.
 Marcha was an influential Uruguayan weekly newspaper.
 Triple Door (simplified Chinese: 三重门; traditional Chinese: 三重門; pinyin: Sānchóng mén) is the first novel by Chinese writer Han Han.
 The Review Republican is a weekly newspaper serving Warren Fountain and Benton counties in Indiana. It is published weekly on Thursdays.
 JoJolion (ジョジョリオン Jojorion) is a seinen manga series written and illustrated by Hirohiko Araki serving as Part 8 of the ongoing JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. As of April 2014 JoJolion has been collected in 6 volumes totaling 26 chapters with 5 additional chapters not yet volumized.In the first volume Araki described the story of JoJolion as be the solving of a curse (呪い noroi).
 The Green Child is the only completed novel by the English anarchist poet and critic Herbert Read. Written in 1934 and first published by Heinemann in 1935 the story is based on the 12th-century legend of two green children who mysteriously appeared in the English village of Woolpit speaking an apparently unknown language.
 The Formalist: A Journal of Metrical Poetry was a literary periodical edited by William Baer which was published twice a year from 1990 to the fall/winter issue of 2004.The Formalist published contemporary metrical verse. Poets whose work has appeared in the journal include: Howard Nemerov Richard Wilbur Derek Walcott Mona Van Duyn Donald Justice James Merrill Maxine Kumin Karl Shapiro W. S. Merwin May Swenson W. D.
 Full Service: My Adventures in Hollywood and the Secret Sex Lives of the Stars is a tell all book about the sex lives of Hollywood stars from the late 1940s to the early 1980s by Scotty Bowers with Lionel Friedberg as a contributing author. In the book Bowers makes many claims about the sex lives of many people most of whom were associated with the Hollywood movie industry during that period.
 Stand on Zanzibar is a dystopian New Wave science fiction novel written by John Brunner and first published in 1968. The book won a Hugo Award for Best Novel at the 27th World Science Fiction Convention in 1969 as well as the 1969 BSFA Award and the 1973 Prix Tour-Apollo Award.
 This Is Water: Some Thoughts Delivered on a Significant Occasion about Living a Compassionate Life is an essay by David Foster Wallace first published in book form by Little Brown and Company in 2009. The text originates from a commencement speech given by Wallace at Kenyon College on May 21 2005. Before Little Brown’s publication a transcript of the speech circulated around the Internet.
 Grimus is a 1975 fantasy and science fiction novel by Salman Rushdie. It was his literary debut.The story loosely follows Flapping Eagle a young Indian who receives the gift of immortality after drinking a magic fluid. After drinking the fluid Flapping Eagle wanders the earth for 777 years 7 months and 7 days searching for his immortal sister and exploring identities before falling through a hole in the Mediterranean Sea.
 Yoldash (Kumyk: Ёлдаш; lit. Comrade) is the main Kumyk language newspaper. It is the successor of the Soviet era Lenin yolu (Ленин ёлу Lenin's Path).
 Sign of the Cross was the second novel by New York Times bestselling author Chris Kuzneski. First published in October 2006 by Penguin Group (USA) the religious thriller followed the exploits of Jonathon Payne and David Jones who have been featured in all of Kuzneski's thrillers.
 The Joy of Sex is an illustrated sex manual by British author Alex Comfort M.B. Ph.D. first published in 1972. An updated edition was released in September 2008.
 The Great Train Robbery is a bestselling 1975 historical novel written by Michael Crichton. Originally published in the USA by Alfred A. Knopf (then a division of Random House) it is currently published by Avon an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers. It is the story of the Great Gold Robbery of 1855 a massive gold heist which takes place on a train traveling through Victorian-era England on May 22 1855. Most of the book takes place in London.
 Across Five Aprils is a novel by Irene Hunt published in 1964 and winner of the 1965 Newbery Honor set in the Civil War era. Hunt was close to her grandfather who told her stories from his youth which she incorporated into Across Five Aprils.
 Folia Primatologica is an international peer-reviewed journal focusing on primatology the study of monkeys apes lemurs and other primates. It is the official journal of the European Federation for Primatology and official journal of the Primate Society of Great Britain. Founded in 1963 the journal covers diverse areas of primatology including molecular biology social behaviour ecology conservation palaeontology systematics and functional anatomy.
 All Men are Mortal (French: Tous les hommes sont mortels) is a 1946 novel by Simone de Beauvoir. It tells the story of Raimon Fosca a man cursed to live forever. The first American edition of this work was published by The World Publishing Company. Cleveland and New York 1955. It was adapted into a 1995 film.
 An Inspector Calls is a play written by English dramatist J. B. Priestley first performed in 1945 in the Soviet Union and 1946 in the UK. It is one of Priestley's best known works for the stage and considered to be one of the classics of mid-20th-century English theatre.
 Dnevnik (Bulgarian: Дневник) is a business-oriented Bulgarian daily newspaper that is published Monday - Friday in Sofia since 2001. Until early 2005 it was printed in broadsheet format the last Bulgarian daily to use the large format. It adopted a compact format after research in 2005 found that more than 50% of the readers would prefer a smaller thicker paper. Dnevnik's main editorial line is that the state should intervene less and that business should have more freedom.
 Tryon Daily Bulletin is a daily newspaper based in Tryon North Carolina. Known as The World’s Smallest Daily Newspaper was established in 1928 by Seth Vining Sr.
 Disquiet Heart is an historical crime novel by the American writer Randall Silvis set in 1847 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of Edgar Allan Poe whose wife has just died and his protégé narrator Augie Dubbins as they visit Pittsburgh at the invitation of Dr. Brunrichter who takes an eager interest in Poe's writings. At the same time young women are vanishing from the streets of Pittsburgh.
 Dark Reflections is a novel by Samuel R. Delany published in 2007 by Carroll & Graf an imprint of Avalon Publishing Group. In 2008 it received a Stonewall Book Award and was nominated for a Lambda Literary Award for Gay Men's Fiction.
 Matchless: A Christmas Story is a short story by Gregory Maguire published in 2009 although originally commissioned as a piece for National Public Radio in 2008. The story is a version of and expansion on The Little Match Girl by Hans Christian Andersen.
 Kamen Teacher (仮面ティーチャー Kamen Tīchā) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tooru Fujisawa. It was adapted into a live action television series in 2013 and it will be adapted into a live action film in 2014.
 Gertrude and Claudius is a novel by John Updike. It uses the known sources of Shakespeare's Hamlet to tell a story that draws on a rather straightforward revenge tale in the medieval Denmark depicted by Saxo Grammaticus in his twelfth-century Historiae Danicae but incorporates extra plot elements added by François de Belleforest in his Histoires tragiques published in 1576.
 Prick Up Your Ears is a play by Simon Bent based on the life of playwright Joe Orton. Produced by Sonia Friedman it opened at the Comedy Theatre in London's West End on 30 September 2009 following previews from 17 September. It starred Chris New as Joe Orton.Matt Lucas originally played the part of Kenneth Halliwell but pulled out of the production following the death of his former partner. The part of Halliwell was played by Michael Chadwick until 22 October 2009.
 Daughter of Smoke and Bone is a fantasy novel written by Laini Taylor. It was published in September 2011 by Hachette Book Group an imprint of Little Brown and Company. The story follows Karou a seventeen-year-old Prague art student. Karou was raised by chimaera or creatures that have attributes of different animals and humans. The chimaera she lives with demand teeth in exchange for wishes and send Karou to fetch these teeth for them.
 Newsday is an American daily newspaper that primarily serves Nassau and Suffolk counties and the New York City borough of Queens on Long Island although it is sold throughout the New York metropolitan area. As of 2009 its weekday circulation of 377500 was the 11th-highest in the United States and the highest among suburban newspapers.
 The Morning After: Sex Fear and Feminism on Campus was the first of author and journalist Katie Roiphe's books. It was published simultaneously in the United States by Back Bay Books (Boston) and in Canada by Little Brown and Company in 1993. It was reprinted in 1994 while Roiphe was still a candidate for her doctorate. Chapter three of the book had previously been published as an essay The Rape Crisis or 'Is Dating Dangerous?' in the New York Times Magazine.
 The Word Among Us is a monthly Christian devotional magazine aimed primarily at a Catholic audience although it is not an official Catholic publication. As of 2010 there are 350000 monthly subscribers in North America 500000 worldwide. The Word Among Us is produced in 13 languages and distributed to 120 countries.The Word Among Us is designed to help people to pray and read Scripture. The format of the magazine is simple.
 Witness is a literary and issue-oriented magazine published by the Black Mountain Institute at UNLV. Each issue includes fiction poetry memoir and literary essays. The magazine has been honored with ten grants from the National Endowment for the Arts and writings from the journal have been recognized in The Best American Essays The O.
 Sensei is a four-issue limited series published by First Comics from March 1989 to August 1989. Created by writer Roger Salick and artist Val Mayerik it was a mix of science fiction and samurai culture as well as the second in First's First Fiction line of prestige-format mini-series. Cover illustrations for the series were produced by KevinDavies [2].
 Trade Law and Development (TL&D) is an academic journal of legal and related interdisciplinary scholarship published by an independent student group at National Law University Jodhpur.
 The English Review was a London literary magazine launched in 1783 by John Murray I under the full title English Review or Abstract of English and Foreign Literature. Its editor was Gilbert Stuart.Initially Stuart wrote much of the Review with William Thomson. He died in 1786. Thomson carried it on becoming proprietor in 1794. In 1796 the English Review was merged into the Analytical Review.
 The Wire Re-up: The Guardian Guide to the Greatest TV Show Ever Made is a book edited by Steve Busfield and Paul Owen.The book is a collection of the Guardian website's episode-by-episode blogposts on the TV series The Wire as well as some features and interviews that have appeared in the Guardian.The book is unusual in using readers' comments from a website (in this case the Guardian's) alongside articles written by professional journalists.
 On the Issues is an online-only progressive feminist news and opinion magazine founded in 1983 as a print magazine: On the Issues: The Progressive Woman's Quarterly.
 The Last King of Scotland is an award-winning 1998 novel by journalist Giles Foden. Focusing on the rise of Ugandan President Idi Amin and his reign as dictator from 1971 to 1979 the novel is written as the memoir of a fictional Scottish doctor in Amin's employ. Giles Foden's novel received critical acclaim and numerous awards when it was published by Faber and Faber in 1998. It interweaves fiction and historical fact. In 2006 a film by the same name was produced based on the novel.
 The Black History of the White House is a book by Clarence Lusane concerning the history of the African-American community's relationship to government and the White House as a symbol as well as a place of employment. The book begins with the founding of the United States and continues to the first few years of the Barack Obama administration.
 The YIVO Encyclopedia of Jews in Eastern Europe is a two-volume English-language reference work on the history and culture of Eastern Europe Jewry in this region prepared by the YIVO Institute for Jewish Research and published by Yale University Press in 2008.
 Earth Dreams is a 1982 novel by Janet Morris the third in her Kerrion Space trilogy.
 The Lofty and the Lowly or Good in All and None All Good is a novel by Maria J. McIntosh published by D. Appleton & Company in 1853. It was one of many anti-Tom novels published in response to Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin. The story is set is Georgia and tells of a plantation owner's efforts to avoid bankruptcy with the help of his loyal slave Daddy Cato. Their efforts are challenged by a northern usurer and devious northern capitalists.
 Mars Probes (2002) is a science fiction anthology of mostly all-new short stories edited by Peter Crowther the third in his themed science fiction anthology series for DAW Books. The one story that is the exception to appearing here for the first time is a reprint of a Ray Bradbury story from 1968. The stories are all intended to be inspired by the theme of robotic probes on Mars.
 The Loveday Loyalty is the seventh book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
 Transplantation Proceedings is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of organ transplantation. It is the official publication of 27 international societies in this field.
 After Dark was an entertainment magazine that covered theatre cinema stage plays ballet performance art and various artists including singers actors and actresses and dancers among others. First published in May 1968 the magazine succeeded Ballroom Dance Magazine.
 Empire Falls is a 2001 novel written by Richard Russo. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2002 and follows the story of Miles Roby in a fictional small blue-collar town in Maine and the people places and the past surrounding him as manager of the Empire Grill diner.
 The Rise of Christianity (subtitled either A sociologist reconsiders history or How the Obscure Marginal Jesus Movement Became the Dominant Religious Force in the Western World in a Few Centuries depending on the edition) is a book by the sociologist Rodney Stark which examines the rise of Christianity from a small movement in Galilee and Judea at the time of Jesus to the majority religion of the Roman Empire a few centuries later.
 Araby is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 A Letter to Amy is a 1968 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.Peter from Keats' The Snowy Day is having a birthday party and he's asked all of his friends to come. But Amy is a special friend because she is a girl--so Peter decides to write her a special invitation. When he rushes out in a thunderstorm to mail it though he bumps smack into Amy herself and knocks her to the ground.
 The Cockatoos: Shorter Novels and Stories is a collection of six novellas by Australian writer Patrick White first published by Jonathan Cape in 1974. Cape reprinted the book that same year. This was White's first published work after winning the Nobel Prize for Literature.The stories are copyright 1966 1968 and 1974.The third story The Night the Prowler was filmed in 1978. White wrote the script.
 True Crime Zine is an online magazine that reviews and critiques true-crime and fact-based books. It is also an online crime news aggregator.
 Advances in Mass Spectrometry is a series of books based on contributions to the triennial International Mass Spectrometry Conference (IMSC). It is the oldest continuous series of publications in mass spectrometry.
 Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science is a 1979 book by astrophysicist Carl Sagan. Its chapters were originally articles published between 1974 and 1979 in various magazines including Atlantic Monthly New Republic Physics Today Playboy and Scientific American. In the introduction Sagan writes:...This book is written just before... the answers to many vexing and awesome questions on origins and fates are pried loose from the cosmos.
 Knucklebones was a bi-monthly United States-based magazine focused on providing news and reviews of board games and card games. The magazine included some puzzles and contests typically with a game-oriented theme and also included puzzles such as Sudoku and crosswords. Knucklebones won praise on the board game forum BoardGameGeek after they agreed to honour the subscriptions of former Games Quarterly Magazine subscribers.Knucklebones was published by Jones Publishing.
 Azzaman (Arabic: الزمان ‎ meaning The Time) is a daily Iraqi newspaper published simultaneously in London Baghdad and Beirut by Saad al Bazzaz.
 Business dynamics is a book by John Sterman that applies system dynamics to business. The book introduces systems dynamics modeling for the analysis of policy and strategy with an emphasis on business and public policy applications. System dynamics is both a conceptual tool and a powerful modeling method. This allows the building of computer simulations of complex systems. These simulations can then be used to test the effectiveness of different policies on business outcomes.
 Note : This article is about an academic publication. For details on the actual Goa Inquisition see Goa InquisitionThe Goa Inquisition Being a Quatercentenary Commemoration Study of the Inquisition in India is a book published by Bombay University Press and authored by Indian historian Anant Priolkar.
 Mistaken Identity: Two Families One Survivor Unwavering Hope is a best-selling non-fiction book describing an incident in which the identities of two young female casualties were confused after a vehicle crash. It was published by Howard Books on March 25 2008.
 From Beirut to Jerusalem (1989) is a book by American journalist Thomas L. Friedman chronicling his days as a reporter in Beirut during the Lebanese Civil War and in Jerusalem through the first year of the Intifada. It received the 1989 National Book Award for Nonfictionand also the Cornelius Ryan Award.Friedman wrote a 17-page epilogue for the first paperback edition (Anchor Books 1990) concerning the potential for peaceful resolution in Israel and Palestine.
 Bannertail: The Story of Gray Squirrel is a short story written by Ernest Thompson Seton and was also adapted television show of the same name.
 Peak is a children's novel by Roland Smith concerning the physical and emotional challenges that face a fourteen-year-old boy as he climbs Mount Everest. It was first published in 2007. Peak won the 2007 National Outdoor Book Award (Children's Category).
 The Pact (1998) is a novel by Jodi Picoult about a possible suicide pact between two teenage lovers and the journey that one must take after losing a loved one.
 The Queen of Air and Darkness is a science fiction novella by Poul Anderson. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella and the Locus Award for Best Short Story in 1972 and the Nebula Award for Best Novelette in 1971.
 On Becoming Baby Wise: Giving Your Infant the Gift of Nighttime Sleep is a controversial book by evangelical Christian adviser Gary Ezzo and pediatrician Robert Bucknam about raising an infant. Formerly published by Multnomah Books Baby Wise is currently self-published through Ezzo's own publishing company Parent-Wise Solutions; approximately 250000 copies have been sold.
 Black Wind is an adventure novel by Clive Cussler and Dirk Cussler. This book centers on a relatively new character to the book series Dirk Pitt Jr.
 The Conversations at Curlow Creek is a historical novel written by the prominent Australian author David Malouf. It was first published in 1996 by the Random House publishing group.
 The Ensign magazine is the official publication of the United States Power Squadrons (or USPS). All active members and apprentice/Sea Scout members of USPS receive a subscription unless they opt out. Published at USPS headquarters in Raleigh North Carolina The Ensign covers topics of interest to USPS members and other boating enthusiasts.The Ensign is published quarterly. Most articles are written by USPS members and all are edited by a professional staff.
 Kanamemo (かなめも) is a Japanese four-panel comic strip written and illustrated by Shoko Iwami (石見翔子). The strip has been serialized in Houbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Max since June 19 2007. It is about Kana Nakamichi and her growing experience as a newspaper deliverer cook and orphan.The anime adaptation premiered in Japan on July 5 2009 by Feel Studios.
 The Point Reyes Light is a Pulitzer Prize-winning weekly newspaper published since 1948 in western Marin County California. It is generally considered the newspaper of record for the region. The Light gained national attention in 1979 due to its reporting on a cult Synanon and the Pulitzer Prize awarded to the paper for this coverage. The paper has since been purchased by the locally owned Marin Media Institute.
 The Books of Magic is a four-issue English-language comic book mini-series written by Neil Gaiman published by DC Comics and later an ongoing series under the imprint Vertigo. Since its original publication the mini-series has also been published in a single-volume collection under the Vertigo imprint with an introduction by author Roger Zelazny. It tells the story of a young boy who has the potential to become the world's greatest magician.
 The Dragon's Familiar is a fantasy novel by Lawrence Jeffrey Cohen.
 Oncotarget is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering research on all aspects of oncology. The journal was established in 2010 and the editors-in-chief are Mikhail V. Blagosklonny and Andrei V. Gudkov (Roswell Park Cancer Institute).
 All Over Creation is a novel by Ruth L. Ozeki about the fictional character Yumi Fuller the Japanese-American daughter of a potato farmer in Idaho who returns home as an adult to care for her parents Lloyd and Momoko and stumbles into the growing controversy around genetically modified food (GMOs). The book was first published in 2003 and reprinted by Penguin in 2004.
 Business Information Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles on information and knowledge management in organizations. The journal's editors-in-chief are Val Skelton and Sandra Ward. It has been in publication since 1984 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Bimonthly Comi Digi + (隔月コミデジ+ Kakugetsu Komi Deji + read as Bimonthly Comi Digi Plus) was a Japanese seinen manga magazine edited by Broccoli published by Flex Comix and sold through Soft Bank Creative. The magazine is sold bimonthly on even-numbered months on the twenty-first. The magazine was originally published in April 2003 under the title Quarterly Di Gi Charat (季刊デ・ジ・キャラット Kikan De Ji Kyaratto) after the series Di Gi Charat published by Broccoli Books.
 Experimental Mathematics is a quarterly scientific journal of mathematics published by A K Peters Ltd. until 2004 now by Taylor & Francis. The journal publishes papers in experimental mathematics broadly construed.
 The Pilot's Love Song (とある飛空士への恋歌 Toaru Hikūshi e no Koiuta lit. Love Song for a Certain Pilot) is a Japanese light novel series by Koroku Inumura. It is set in the same fictional universe as Inumura's earlier light novel The Princess and the Pilot. Five volumes were published between 2009 and 2011 by Shogakukan under their Gagaga Bunko imprint. An anime television series by TMS Entertainment began airing in Japan on January 6 2014.
 SteamPunk Magazine is an online and print semi-annual magazine devoted to the steampunk subculture. It is published under a Creative Commons license and is free for download.
 The Last Empress is a historical novel by Anchee Min that provides a sympathetic account of the life of Empress Dowager Cixi (referred to as Empress Orchid) from her rise to power as Empress Tzu-Hsi until her death at 72 years of age. Akin to the bestselling and preceding novel in the series Empress Orchid names within the story are different in spelling but retain the same pronunciation - allowing the reader to identify each relevant character to his or her real life counterpart.
 The Scarlet Citadel is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in the January 1933 issue of Weird Tales magazine. It is set in the pseudo-historical Hyborian Age and concerns a middle-aged Conan battling rival kingdoms being captured through treachery and escaping from an eldritch dungeon via unexpected aid.
 The Wizard in the Woods is a 1990 children’s fantasy book by Jean Ure and the first book of The Wizard trilogy.
 El Manual de los Niños Cool is a Spanish book by Sigfrido Cuen published in 2012.
 The Huntington News is the independent student-run and operated newspaper of Northeastern University a private research institution in Boston Massachusetts.
 Genocidal Organ (虐殺器官 Gyakusatsu Kikan) is the debut novel of the 21st-century Japanese science fiction writer Project Itoh. It was first published by Hayakawa Publishing in 2007 and later re-printed in 2010 in paperback form. A poll by the yearly SF magazine SF ga yomitai ranked Genocidal Organ as the number one domestic SF novel of the decade.English translation Genocidal Organ translated by Edwin Hawkes was published in August 2012 by Haikasoru / Viz Media.
 Stimme des Stoßbrigadlers ('Voice of the Strike Force') was a Volga German communist newspaper published from Krasny Kut between 1932 and 1937. Stimme des Stoßbrigadlers was the joint organ of the Krasny Kut local committee of the All-Union Communist Party (bolshevik) and the Krasny Kut Executive Committee.
 The Movement of the Free Spirit: General Considerations and Firsthand Testimony Concerning Some Brief Flowerings of Life in the Middle Ages the Renaissance and Incidentally Our Own Time (French: Le Mouvement du libre-spirit) is a 1993 book by former Situationist International (SI) member Raoul Vaneigem published in English in 1998 by Zone Books. It documents a number of radical heretical religious movements that took place in Europe between the twelfth and sixteenth centuries.
 The Poetics of Space (French: La Poétique de l'Espace) is a 1958 book by Gaston Bachelard. Bachelard applies the method of phenomenology to architecture basing his analysis not on purported origins (as was the trend in enlightenment thinking about architecture) but on lived experience of architecture. He is thus led to consider spatial types such as the attic the cellar drawers and the like.
 Everyman is a novel by Philip Roth published by Houghton Mifflin in May 2006. It won the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction in 2007. It is Roth's third novel to receive the prize.
 Katherine is a 1954 historical novel by American author Anya Seton. It tells the story of the historically important 14th-century love affair in England between the eponymous Katherine Swynford and John of Gaunt Duke of Lancaster the third surviving son of King Edward III.In 2003 Katherine was ranked 95 in the BBC's Big Read survey of Britain's best-loved novels. It is commonly regarded as a prime example of historical fiction and has been continuously in print since its publication date.
 Differential Equations is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer. Founded in 1965 the journal publishes English translations of papers from the journal Differentsial'nye Uravneniya (ISSN 0374-0641) which publishes in Russian and focuses on work by scholars in states of the former USSR. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.12 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.339.
 Little Boy: The Arts of Japan's Exploding Subculture is a the companion catalogue to the exhibition Little Boy curated by artist Takashi Murakami. The book is about the aesthetics of postwar culture in Japan.The 448 pages hardcover book was published by Yale University in conjunction with a series of art exhibitions and music events in the Japan Society of New York in 2005.
 Disordered Minds (2003) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters.
 Hoy a morning newspaper in Ecuador has been published continuously since 1982. Its parent office is located in the city of Quito and it is currently published simultaneously in Guayaquil. It was founded on 7 June 1982 by Jaime Mantilla Anderson.
 Words of Radiance (abbreviated as WOR by fans) is the second book of The Stormlight Archive epic fantasy series written by American author Brandon Sanderson. It was published by Tor Books and released on March 4 2014. Upon first publication Words of Radiance consisted of one prologue 89 chapters an epilogue and 14 interludes. The unabridged audiobook is read by narrator team Michael Kramer and Kate Reading.
 A Ship of the Line is an historical seafaring novel by C. S. Forester. It follows his fictional hero Horatio Hornblower during his tour as captain of a ship of the line. By internal chronology A Ship of the Line which follows The Happy Return is the seventh book in the series (counting the unfinished Hornblower and the Crisis). However the book published in 1938 was the second Hornblower novel completed by Forester.
 Fine Just the Way It Is is a 2008 collection of short stories by Annie Proulx.
 Off The Mark is a comic panel created by Mark Parisi (born 1961) which began in 1987 and now appears in 100 newspapers. It also appears on greeting cards in magazines on T-shirts and more. Off The Mark is distributed daily by United Media.The humor of this comic panel focuses on off-beat slice-of-life situations.
 differences: A Journal of Feminist Cultural Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1989 by Naomi Schor and Elizabeth Weed. It covers research in cultural studies. The current editors-in-chief are Elizabeth Weed and Ellen Rooney. The journal though autonomous is housed by the Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women (Brown University).
 Máj (archaic Czech for the month May; pronounced [maːj]) is a romantic poem by Karel Hynek Mácha in four cantos. It was fiercely criticized when first published but since then has gained the status of one of the most prominent works of Czech literature; in Czech the poem now is memorized by schoolchildren and continuously in print.
 Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues along with the Journal of Social Issues and Social Issues and Policy Review. The journal was established in 2001. The current editor-in-chief is Kevin Lanning (Florida Atlantic University).
 Massimilla Doni is a short story by Honoré de Balzac.
 New American Writing is a once-a-year American literary magazine emphasizing contemporary American poetry including a range of innovative contemporary writing. The magazine is published in association with San Francisco State University. New American Writing is published by OINK! Press a nonprofit organization. The magazine appears in early June each year. First published in 1986.
 Mexico City Blues is a poem published by Jack Kerouac in 1959 composed of 242 choruses or stanzas. In his own words Kerouac wanted to be known as a jazz poet and with this book he sought to write in a way consistent with how a musician would play jazz.[citation needed]
 Holas Radzimy is a newspaper published in Belarus.
 Before is a short story by Gael Baudino written deliberately in a style similar to William Faulkner's: the foreword to the story says the sometimes strange syntax and editorial elisions are intentional in this homage to Faulkner. It concerns Greta Harlow a young woman living in a Lee's Corners a small town in fictional Oktibushubee County. She is raped and impregnated by Jimmy White son of a prominent and wealthy businessman. An elderly wealthy woman Mrs.
 Star Wars: Darth Plagueis is part of the Star Wars Expanded Universe. It was written by James Luceno and released on January 10 2012. The novel covers the later life and machinations of Sith lord Darth Plagueis over a roughly fifty year period pre-dating Star Wars: A New Hope.
 The Auburn Plainsman is the student-run newspaper for Auburn University in Auburn Alabama. It has notably received awards for excellence from the Associated Collegiate Press and is the second-most decorated student publication in the history of the National Pacemaker competition.It is published Thursdays throughout each academic term and freely distributed at more than 75 locations. The editor is selected by a group of faculty students and professional journalists.
 Anno Dracula is a 1992 novel by British writer Kim Newman the first in the Anno Dracula series. It is an alternate history using 19th-century English historical settings and personalities along with characters from popular fiction. The interplay between humans who have chosen to turn into vampires and those who are warm (humans) is the backdrop for the plot which tracks Jack the Ripper's politically charged destruction of vampire prostitutes.
 In popular culture the Bro Code refers to an etiquette for males to follow. The term has been popularized by Barney Stinson a character from the television show How I Met Your Mother. Oxford Dictionaries recognized Stinson as the quintessence of a certain iteration of the contemporary bro.
 The Australian Journal of Management (AJM) is an international peer-reviewed journal that publishes research in accounting applied economics finance industrial relations political science psychology statistics and other disciplines in relation to their application to management. The journal is published by SAGE Publications in association with the Australian School of Business.
 Empress (French: Impératrice) is a French biographical novel written by Shan Sa a French author who was born in Beijing. It is based on the life of Empress Wu Zetian.
 The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher (1974) is collection of 29 essays written by Lewis Thomas for the New England Journal of Medicine between 1971 and 1973. Throughout his essays Thomas touches on subjects as various as biology anthropology medicine music (showing a particular affinity for Bach) etymology mass communication and computers. The pieces resonate with the underlying theme of the interconnected nature of Earth and all living things.
 The Reversal is the 22nd novel by American author Michael Connelly and features the third starring appearance of Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Michael Mickey Haller. Connelly introduced Haller in his bestselling 2005 novel The Lincoln Lawyer and then paired him with LAPD detective Harry Bosch his half-brother in 2008's The Brass Verdict. In 2009's 9 Dragons Haller appears in a supporting role as Bosch's personal lawyer.
 The Persians (Ancient Greek: Πέρσαι Persai Latinised as Persae) is an ancient Greek tragedy written during the Classical period of Ancient Greece by the Greek tragedian Aeschylus. It is the second and only surviving part of a now otherwise lost trilogy that won the first prize at the dramatic competitions in Athens’ City Dionysia festival in 472 BCE with Pericles serving as choregos.
 L'Impartial (literally The Impartial) is a Swiss French-language daily newspaper published by Société Neuchâteloise de Presse SA in La Chaux-de-Fonds Canton of Neuchâtel.Published since 1880 it is a sister newspaper to L'Express (English: The Express). The newspaper's ISSN number is 1421-0878.
 More Notes of a Dirty Old Man: The Uncollected Columns is written by Charles Bukowski edited by David Calonne and published by City Lights. It includes newspaper columns and essays that have never been collected and published together.
 Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health (often abbreviated as DMSMH) is a book by L. Ron Hubbard which sets out self-improvement techniques he developed called Dianetics. The book is also the canonical text of Scientology. It is colloquially referred to as Book One. The book launched the movement which later defined itself as a religion in 1950.
 Australian Playboy was an Australian imprint of Playboy magazine
 The Journal of English and Germanic Philology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of medieval studies that was established in 1897 and is now published by University of Illinois Press. Its focus is on the cultures of English Germanic and Celtic-speaking parts of medieval northern Europe. Previous editors-in-chief include Albert S. Cook and George T. Flom.
 Henry Huggins is the first book in the Henry Huggins series of children's novels written by Beverly Cleary. Henry is an ordinary boy who manages to get into funny scrapes with his dog Ribsy.
 The City of Ember is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Jeanne DuPrau that was published in 2003. Similar to Suzanne Martel's The City Under Ground published in 1963 the story is about Ember an underground city that is slowly running out of power and supplies due to its aging infrastructure.
 Worry Website is a popular children's novel written in 2002 by Jacqueline Wilson.
 Cause of Death is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell. It is the seventh book in the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series.
 Russian Amerika is an alternate history novel written by Stoney Compton. It is set in a world where Alaska is still owned by Russia.
 Molecular Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the interface between chemistry and physics in particular chemical physics and physical chemistry. It covers both theoretical and experiment molecular science including electronic structure molecular dynamics spectroscopy reaction kinetics statistical mechanics condensed matter and surface science. The journal was established in 1958 and is published by Taylor & Francis.
 Unknown Man #89 is a crime novel written by Elmore Leonard published in 1977 just after his novel Swag and preceding The Hunted. It is a sequel to The Big Bounce.
 Inequality by Design: Cracking the Bell Curve Myth is a book by Claude S. Fischer Michael Hout Martín Sánchez Jankowski Samuel R. Lucas Ann Swidler and Kim Voss.
 The Tenth City is the third book in Patrick Carman's trilogy of novels The Land of Elyon.
 A More Perfect Union: Advancing New American Rights or simply A More Perfect Union is the third book written by United States Congressman Jesse Jackson Jr. in collaboration with Frank E.Watkins. Watkins is a political theorist activist and was the press secretary to Jackson at the time. It was released in hardcover format on October 15 2001 and in paperback format on April 25 2008. The material for the book came from 1997 trips by Jackson to American Civil War battlefields.
 Tiger Rag Magazine is a publication and website in Baton Rouge Louisiana that focuses on Louisiana State University athletics and bills itself as the Bible of LSU sports. Tiger Rag is owned by Louisiana Radio Network. Since its beginning in 1978 publication schedules vary with individual sports season though it is produced weekly through much of the year.
 Lavender Magazine is a biweekly magazine part of Lavender Media published in Minneapolis Minnesota for the gay lesbian bisexual and transgender community. It is distributed free of charge in the Twin Cites of Minneapolis and St. Paul and in some other cities throughout Minnesota and western Wisconsin.
 Asleep （白河夜船) is a novel written by Japanese author Banana Yoshimoto (吉本ばなな）in 1989 and translated into English in 2000 (book was released in 2001) by Michael Emmerich.
 La Grande Bretèche is a short story by Honoré de Balzac published in 1831.
 The Philadelphia Story is a 1939 American comic play by Philip Barry. It tells the story of a socialite whose wedding plans are complicated by the simultaneous arrival of her ex-husband and an attractive journalist.
 The Sun (French: Le Soleil) is a wordless novel by Flemish artist Frans Masereel (1889–1972) published in 1919. In sixty-three uncaptioned woodcut prints the book is a contemporary retelling of the Greek myth of Icarus.Told with high-contast black-and-white art with bold linework the book's protagonist is a little man who leaps from the imagination of his sleeping creator.
 Journal of Theoretical Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of political science. It is published by Sage Publications. It was established in 1989 and the editors-in-chief are Keith Dowding (Australian National University) and James R. Rogers (Texas A&M University).
 Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville is a 1908 young-adult novel written by L. Frank Baum famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. It is the third volume in the successful Aunt Jane Series following Aunt Jane's Nieces and Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad. These books for adolescent girls constituted the second greatest success of Baum's literary career after the Oz books.
 Acoustic Guitar is a monthly magazine published in the United States since July/August 1990 by String Letter Publishing. The magazine offers information related to acoustic guitars for players of all levels from beginners to teachers. Each issue includes a half dozen or so songs with notation and tablature lessons product reviews and interviews of prominent acoustic musicians. The magazine boasts a readership of approximately 64000 and is widely available throughout North America.
 The Horror of the Heights is a short story by Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in Strand Magazine in 1913.
 Fluid Concepts and Creative Analogies: Computer Models of the Fundamental Mechanisms of Thought is a 1995 book by Douglas Hofstadter and other members of the Fluid Analogies Research Group exploring the mechanisms of intelligence through computer modeling. It contends that the notions of analogy and fluidity are fundamental to explain how the human mind solves problems and to create computer programs that show intelligent behavior.
 Mercury: The Afterlife and Times of a Rock God is a monodrama written by Charles Messina about the life and death of Queen lead singer Freddie Mercury. It presents Mercury in the moments just after his death during which he is confronted with self-examination as he seeks redemption before a God unimpressed by his celebrity.
 Chocolate Cosmos (チョコレートコスモス Chokorēto Kosumosu) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Nana Haruta. The series was serialized in Ribon magazine from the September 2007 issue of the magazine until its final chapter in the November 2008 issue. The individual chapters were collected into four tankōbon volumes by publisher Shueisha; the first on December 14 2007 and the final on November 14 2008.
 The St. Catharines Standard is the prominent daily newspaper of the city of St. Catharines Ontario Canada.
 Jalna is a novel by the Canadian writer Mazo de la Roche.It is the first of a 16-novel family saga about the Whiteoak family. First published in 1927 Jalna won the Atlantic Monthly Press's first $10000 Atlantic Prize Novel award. De la Roche went on to write about the Whiteoak family for the next 30 years establishing a place for herself in popular Canadian literature. The Jalna series has been translated into many languages and was adapted for stage radio and television.
 The Ryerson Review of Journalism is a Canadian magazine published twice annually by final year journalism students at Ryerson University. The magazine profiles personalities issues and controversies in Canadian media. In addition to the features in the printed magazine weekly online features and a daily blog are maintained by the staff of the Review.
 Iron Virgin Jun (鉄の処女JUN Tetsu no Shojo JUN) is a Japanese manga and OVA series created by Go Nagai. The OVA series was also released in the US. While the manga has many erotic situations and it's fairly close to a pornographic manga the anime drops most of them to become more accessible for a broader audience.[citation needed]
 The Hemel Hempstead Gazette is the local paper for the Hemel Hempstead area in the United Kingdom.
 The Dancer Upstairs is a 1995 novel by Nicholas Shakespeare. It is based on the Maoist insurgency of the 1980s in Peru and tells the story of Agustin Rejas a police Lieutenant (later promoted to Captain) hunting a terrorist based on Abimael Guzmán leader of the Shining Path. In 2002 it was given a film adaptation under the same title.
 May Bird and the Ever After is a fantasy/action novel by Jodi Lynn Anderson. It was released in 2005 and was the first book in the May Bird series. It was published by Antheneum.
 Follow The Music the autobiography of record mogul Jac Holzman and the founding of his record company Elektra Records written by Jac Holzman and Gavan Daws.The books follows Holzman on his journey from overseeing limited pressings of obscure folk artists to signing international stars such as The Doors right up to the sale of the company and beyond.
 The Biographer's Tale is a book by A. S. Byatt. The story is about a postgraduate student Phineas G. Nanson who decides to write a biography about an obscure biographer Scholes Destry-Scholes. During the course of his research he fails to learn much about the actual subject of his biography but discovers a lot of Destry-Scholes' unpublished research about real historical figures Carl Linnaeus Francis Galton and Henrik Ibsen.
 Flesh and Fire is the first book in The Vineart War trilogy by Laura Anne Gilman. The story follows a slave named Jerzy who is taken into an apprenticeship to become a Vineart. In the course of his studies his master becomes concerned by reports of attacks on Vinearts and sends Jerzy to study with another Vineart.
 The Dice Spelled Murder by American novelist Al Fray was published in 1957 by Dell Publishing Company Inc. as a Dell (paperback) First Edition. The jacket notesto Fray's subsequent novel Come Back for More refer to The Dice Spelled Murder as a best selling novel.
 News Agency KosovaPress is established on January 4th 1999. Since that time Kosova Press has published information's in these languages: Albanian English German and French. The agency is now an independent and free media source in Kosovo.Independent News Agency currently is editing news in Albanian and English Languages.
 Evil Under the Sun is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in June 1941 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in October of the same year. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00.
 Cruel and Usual Punishment: The Terrifying Global Implications of Islamic Law is a book authored by human rights activist Nonie Darwish.In the book about Sharia Law Darwish writes about divorce under Sharia which can be granted and refused only by a man. The book also covers different punishments like beheading stoning amputation of limbs or flogging which can be meted out according to Islamic law for crimes such as apostasy (leaving Islam) adultery theft or alcohol consumption.
 The Crystal Prison is the second novel in the Deptford Mice Trilogy by Robin Jarvis (first published in 1989).
 Misery (1987) is a psychological horror novel by Stephen King. The novel was nominated for the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel in 1988 and was later made into a Hollywood film and an off-Broadway play of the same name.
 Perfect written by Natasha Friend was published in 2004 by Milkweed Editions. Perfect won Milkweed Prize for Children’s Literature award in 2004. This book is about a young girl’s struggle with the disease Bulimia nervosa.
 The Zenith Angle is a science fiction novel by Bruce Sterling first published in 2004 about a pioneering expert in computer and network security with a traditional hacker personality named Derek Vandeveer. His life irrevocably changes after the September 11th 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center.
 Night is a work by Elie Wiesel about his experience with his father in the Nazi German concentration camps at Auschwitz and Buchenwald in 1944–1945 at the height of the Holocaust and toward the end of the Second World War.
 The Death of a President: November 20–November 25 1963 is historian William Manchester's 1967 account of the assassination of John F. Kennedy. The book gained public attention before it was published when Kennedy's widow Jacqueline who had initially asked Manchester to write the book demanded that the author make changes in the manuscript.
 Soft Target: How the Indian Intelligence Service Penetrated Canada is an investigative journalism work in the form of a book written by two Canadian reporters Zuhair Kashmeri (from Globe and Mail) & Brian McAndrew (from Toronto Star).
 Tiger Tale is a children's picture book illustrated by Marion Isham and written by Steve Isham. First published in 2002 the book retells the Aboriginal story of how the Tasmanian Tiger got its stripes. Tiger Tale is illustrated using torn paper collage that gives the book a folkloric style.
 The New Girl is the first novel in R. L. Stine's Fear Street series. It was written in 1989 and was one of the earliest horror novels Stine wrote. The New Girl is one of the twelve Fear Street books that were reprinted in 2005.
 Il Tempo is a daily Italian newspaper. It was founded in Rome Italy by Renato Angiolillo in 1944 and currently publishes the Rome edition (available nationally) and other five local editions (Latina Frosinone Northern Lazio Abruzzo and Molise).In 1996 the former owner Caltagirone Editore sold the newspaper to the Italian builder Domenico Bonifaci.On October 4 2007 the paper switched from Broadsheet format to Berliner.
 Sōten Kōro (蒼天航路) is a Japanese manga by manga artist King Gonta (王欣太) adapted from an original story by Hagin Yi (李學仁). It was serialized by Kodansha in the manga anthology magazine Weekly Morning from 1994 to 2005. After Hagin Yi died of cancer in September 1998 King Gonta picked up the story himself. A total of 409 chapters were published and compiled into 36 separate books.
 Clinica Chimica Acta the International Journal of Clinical Chemistry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in clinical chemistry and laboratory medicine.
 Arthas: Rise of the Lich King is a novel by Christie Golden the author of Star Trek and other Warcraft novels. The novel released on April 21 2009.
 Rachel's Tears: The Spiritual Journey of Columbine Martyr Rachel Scott is a non-fiction book about Rachel Scott one of the victims of the Columbine High School massacre.Written by her parents including her journal entries it is part of a nation-wide school outreach program and ministry. They present Rachel as being killed for her Christian affirmation.
 Bad World is a comic book mini-series published by Avatar Press. It is written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Jacen Burrows. The series consists of three issues and was published from July through October of 2001. The general theme and tone of the series was continued in Bad Signal.
 South Sea Tales (1911) is a collection of short stories written by Jack London. Most stories are set in island communities like those of Hawaii or are set aboard a ship.
 Looking for Anne of Green Gables: The Story of L.M. Montgomery and her Literary Classic is a dual biography of Anne Shirley and her creator L.M. Montgomery. Anne of Green Gables is a 1908 children’s novel which has been read by over fifty million readers and translated into over thirty-five languages. The author reconstructs the development of Anne Shirley the main character in Montgomery's novel.The book is researched and written by biographer Irene Gammel.
 The Sentinel is a daily regional newspaper circulating in the North Staffordshire and South Cheshire area. It is currently owned by Local World and based at Hanley Stoke-on-Trent.It is the sixth biggest-selling regional newspaper in the UK and is the only newspaper delivering daily news and features on professional football clubs Stoke City Port Vale and Crewe Alexandra.
 Book of the Marvels of the World (French: Livre des merveilles du monde) or Description of the World (Divisament du monde) in Italian Il Milione (The Million) or Oriente Poliano and in English commonly called The Travels of Marco Polo is a 13th-century travelogue written down by Rustichello da Pisa from stories told by Marco Polo describing Polo's travels through Asia Persia China and Indonesia between 1276 and 1291 and his experiences at the court of the Mongol leader Kublai Khan.The book was written in Old French by Rustichello da Pisa a romance who worked from accounts which he had heard from Marco Polo when they were imprisoned together in Genoa. 
 Bad Moon Rising is an original novel written by David Bishop and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd. It is Bishop's fourth Judge Dredd novel.
 The Kurdish Globe previously known as The Hewler Globe is the first English-language newspaper published in Arbil Kurdistan northern Iraq. Published for the first time on March 31 2005 its Editor-in-Chief and founder is Jawad Qadir.
 The Bradenton Herald is a McClatchy newspaper in Bradenton Florida in the United States. Since 2006 the Bradenton Herald has published an edition called the Lakewood Ranch Herald that focuses on local coverage of the rapidly growing eastern region of Manatee County.
 Magudara de Nemure (マグダラで眠れ lit. May Your Soul Rest in Magdala) is a Japanese light novel series written by Isuna Hasekura with illustrations by Tetsuhiro Nabeshima. A manga adaptation illustrated by Arisaka Ako serialization in the June 2013 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace.
 Sizinkiler (Limon & Family) (literally Your People but can be roughly translated as The Common Folk) is the daily comic strip designed and developed by the internationally recognized Turkish cartoonist Salih Memecan in 1991. The name of the comic strip in English is Limon & Family. The strip is based on family-related issues and the dynamics of everyday family life.
 Starbook subtitled A Magical Tale of Love and Regeneration is a novel by Nigerian poet and novelist Ben Okri.
 The Daily Messenger is an American daily newspaper published weekday afternoons and on Sundays (as the Sunday Messenger) in Canandaigua New York. It is owned by Messenger Post Newspapers a division of GateHouse Media.In addition to the city of Canandaigua the Daily Messenger covers all of Ontario County and its associated weekly newspapers cover Monroe and Wayne counties. Together the Messenger Post Newspapers cover the eastern portion of the Rochester metropolitan area.
 The Multiple Effects of Rainshadow (1996) is Thea Astley's second last novel. It won The Age Book of the Year in 1996.
 Spike and Suzy the British title for Suske en Wiske in Dutch and Bob et Bobette in French is a Belgian comics series created by the comics author Willy Vandersteen. The strip has been published as Willy and Wanda in the U.S. Together with The Adventures of Tintin Spike and Suzy is the most famous comics strip in Belgium although since the mid-1990s its actual popularity started to decrease as people started to feel it was out-dated.
 Pionieri is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Land&Liberty is a quarterly magazine of popular political economics: its focus is the relationship between land and natural resource rights and 21st century economic policy. Published in the UK it covers international affairs and events from a global perspective.The magazine contains major features editorial and comment news and reports reviews interviews and readers' letters.
 Men of Stone is a novel written by Gayle Friesen that was first published in 2000.
 Conan is a 1967 collection of seven fantasy short stories and associated pieces written by Robert E. Howard L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. Most of the stories were originally published in various pulp magazines. The book was first published in paperback by Lancer Books in 1967 and was reprinted in 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 (twice) and 1973. After the bankruptcy of Lancer publication was taken over by Ace Books.
 The Beast Master is a science fiction novel by Andre Norton published by Harcourt in 1959. It inaugurated the Beast Master series or Hosteen Storm series after the main character. In German-language translation it was published as Der Letzte der Navajos (de: Arthur Moewig Verlag 1963) —literally The Last of the Navajo.Norton wrote one sequel published in 1962 and three by Andre Norton and Lyn McConchie of New Zealand were published forty years later one of them after Norton's 2005 death.
 Argosy later titled The Argosy and Argosy All-Story Weekly was an American pulp magazine from 1882 through 1978 published by Frank Munsey. It is generally considered to be the first American pulp magazine.
 High Performance Polymers is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in the field of polymer chemistry in particular molecular structure/processability/property relationships of high performance polymers such as liquid crystalline polymers. It is published eight times a year by SAGE Publications. The editor-in-chief is John Connell (NASA Langley Research Center).
 The Jesus Mysteries: Was the Original Jesus a Pagan God? is a 1999 book by British authors Timothy Freke a philosophy and religions scholar and Peter Gandy a classics scholar.
 The Edge of Tomorrow by American physician Thomas A. Dooley was published in 1958 about his humanitarian mission Operation Laos in the country of Laos. Dooley wrote about the shaky beginnings of his team's formation in the Laotian capital of Vientiane and the team's trips to Vang Vieng and Nam Tha from which he had a triumphant departure. James T.
 Irish Stew! is the seventh of the Nuala Anne McGrail series series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
 The Detective is a thriller/detective novel by author Roderick Thorp first published hardcover in 1966. It was made into the 1968 movie of the same name starring Frank Sinatra as Detective Joe Leland. Billed as An adult look at police life The Detective went on to become one of the highest grossing films of 1968 and one of the strongest box-office hits of Sinatra's acting career.
 Being Dead is a novel by the English writer Jim Crace published in 1999.Its principal characters are married zoologists Joseph and Celice and their daughter Syl. The story tells of how Joseph and Celice on a day trip to the dunes where they met as students are murdered by an opportunistic thief. Their bodies lie undiscovered for several days during the course of which their estranged daughter is made aware of their disappearance and eventually discovery.
 The Tree of Swords and Jewels is a 1983 fantasy novel by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It is the second of two novels in Cherryh's Ealdwood Stories series the first being The Dreamstone. The series draws on Celtic mythology and is about Ealdwood a forest at the edge of Faery and Arafel a Daoine Sidhe.The Tree of Swords and Jewels was first published in 1983 as a paperback edition by DAW Books and featured cover art by Michael Whelan.
 The Liberators by Viktor Suvorov (original Russian title: Освободитель) is a partly autobiographical description of life in the Soviet Army during the 1960s and 1970s.
 Worthing Inn is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It only appears in his short story collection The Worthing Saga.
 Ratha's Challenge is the fourth book in The Books of the Named series of young adult prehistoric fiction novels by Clare Bell. It is the typical book.
 The Sheerness Times Guardian is a weekly newspaper serving the Isle of Sheppey Kent. It is owned by the KM Group and is published on Wednesdays.
 Abundance: The Future Is Better Than You Think is a book by Peter H. Diamandis and Steven Kotler that was published in 2012. The writers refer to the book's title as being a future where nine billion people have access to clean water food energy health care education and everything else that is necessary for a first world standard of living thanks to technological innovation.The book was a commercial success. It debuted at #1 on both Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble's bestseller lists.
 Embassy Newsweekly also known as Embassy Newspaper and Embassy - Diplomacy This Week is a Canadian weekly publication focused on foreign policy and international affairs. The publication reports a readership of over 60000. It is the Wednesday edition of The Hill Times newspaper.
 Red Data Girl (RDG レッドデータガール RDG Reddo Dēta Gāru) is a series of fantasy novels by Noriko Ogiwara. The first volume was published by Kadokawa Shoten in 2008; six volumes have been released with the last published in 2012. A manga series adaptation illustrated by Ranmaru Kotone and published by Kadokawa Shoten began serialization in December 2012. A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by P.A. Works aired between April and June 2013.
 The Sapulpa Daily Herald Creek County's Only Daily Newspaper is a five-day (Sunday and Tuesday through Friday) daily newspaper published in Sapulpa Oklahoma United States. It is owned by the Sumner family. They also own four other Oklahoma papers.Founded in September 1914 by John W. Young and O.S.
 The Great Wall of China (German: Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer) is the first posthumous collection of short stories by Franz Kafka published in Germany in 1931. It was edited by Max Brod and Hans Joachim Schoeps and collected previously unpublished short stories incomplete stories fragments and aphorisms written by Kafka between 1917 and 1924. The first English translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in 1933.
 Experimental Brain Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in neuroscience. The journal was established in 1966 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is John C. Rothwell (University College London. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.395.
 The Human Use of Human Beings is a book by Norbert Wiener. It was first published in 1950 and revised in 1954.Wiener was the founding thinker of cybernetics theory and an influential advocate of automation. Human Use argues for the benefits of automation to society.
 Ideomancer is a Canadian online speculative fiction magazine whose contents include science fiction fantasy slipstream horror flash fiction and speculative poetry along with reviews and interviews. The first issue debuted in 1999 and in 2002 the magazine was rebooted with new numbering under new editorship.
 Fefu and Her Friends was the fourteenth play by Cuban American playwright María Irene Fornés originally written and produced in 1977. It is known for its alternative staging and use of a solely female cast.
 The Christian Century is a Christian magazine based in Chicago Illinois. Considered the flagship magazine of U.S. mainline Protestantism the biweekly reports on religious news; comments on theological moral and cultural issues; and reviews books movies and music. The Century also publishes a group blog Theolog and hosts a network of more than 100 outside bloggers CCblogs.The Century's current editor and publisher is John M. Buchanan while David Heim is its executive editor.
 The Miracle Worker is a three-act play by William Gibson adapted from his 1957 Playhouse 90 teleplay of the same name. It is based on Helen Keller's autobiography The Story of My Life.
 Bellarion the Fortunate published in 1926 is an historical novel by Rafael Sabatini. Set at the beginning of the 15th century in northern Italy it takes place first in the Marquessate of Montferrat and later in the Duchy of Milan. Most of its characters including Gian Galeazzo Visconti Gian Maria Visconti Facino Cane Filippo Maria Visconti and Francesco Bussone da Carmagnola were real historical figures; the scheming title character is the notable exception.
 The Wonderful O is the last of James Thurber’s five short-book fairy tales for children.
 The Sudbury Star is a Canadian daily regional newspaper published in Sudbury Ontario. It is run by the media conglomerate Sun Media which is controlled by Quebecor.It is the largest paper in Northeastern Ontario by circulation discounting the free EMC paper published by the Sault Star on Fridays.
 Papyrus is a Belgian comic book series written and illustrated by Lucien de Gieter. The story takes place in Ancient Egypt. It was first published in 1974 in Spirou magazine in the form of episodes.An animated series was created in 1998 that was two seasons long (52 episodes) and shown on TFOU TV in France and in Quebec on Radio-Canada. In 2000 a video game was made for Game Boy developed by Dupuis and published by Ubisoft.
 The Burlington Record is a weekly newspaper in Burlington Colorado. It is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing which is owned by MediaNews Group. The Burlington Record is in its 119th year of publication. It is a weekly and has a companion shopper The PlainsDealer.The paper's coverage extends to Bethune Stratton and Seibert.The Burlington Record also has a commercial print division.
 The Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review is a student-run law review published by Harvard Law School. The journal is published two times per year and contains articles essays and book reviews concerning civil rights and liberties. In 2009 its online companion Amicus was launched which features standard length journal articles coupled with online responses.
 Sekenre: The Book of the Sorcerer is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer featuring his dark fantasy protagonist the child sorcerer Sekenre a sequel to the novel The Mask of the Sorcerer (1995). The book was illustrated by Stephen Fabian. It was first published as a trade paperback by Wildside Press in 2004.The collection consists of twelve stories of Sekenre originally published from 1994-2004 in a number of fantasy fiction magazines.
 Historically Speaking is an academic journal and the official bulletin of The Historical Society in Boston Massachusetts. It is currently published five times per year by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 Little Children is a 2004 novel by American author Tom Perrotta that interweaves the darkly comedic stories of seven main characters all of whom live in the same suburban Boston neighborhood during the middle of a hot summer.
 The Ultimates 3 was a five-issue monthly comic book miniseries published in 2008 by Marvel Comics in the Ultimate Marvel imprint. Written by Jeph Loeb and illustrated by Joe Madureira it is a sequel to The Ultimates and The Ultimates 2 as well as a prelude to Ultimatum. A sequel entitled Ultimate Comics: New Ultimates was released in 2010 also written by Loeb. The series continues the stories of the Ultimates.
 A History of British Birds is a natural history book by Thomas Bewick published in two volumes. Volume 1 Land Birds appeared in 1797. Volume 2 Water Birds appeared in 1804. A supplement was published in 1821. The text in Land Birds was written by Ralph Beilby while Bewick took over the text for the second volume.
 TUGboat (ISSN 0896-3207) is a journal published three times per year by the TeX Users Group. It covers a wide range of topics in digital typography relevant to the TeX typesetting system. The editor is Barbara Beeton.
 Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble is a children's novel written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Ben Caldwell. It was first published in 2000.
 The Wrench published in the US under the title of The Monkey's Wrench was one of Primo Levi's collections of stories (another being The Periodic Table).First published as La Chiave a Stella by Einaudi in 1978 the book was written after Levi had retired from SIVA. It takes the form of an interview by a chemist of a rigger. They are both working in a remote work camp where there is little to do in the evenings except tell stories.
 Igano Kabamaru (伊賀野カバ丸 Igano Kabamaru lit. Hippo Mouth of Iga) is a Japanese manga created by Yu Azuki. The eponymous protagonist is a naive young ninja from the Iga province called Kagemaru (absolute shadow) nicknamed Kabamaru (hippo's mouth) for his insatiable appetite. After the death of his strict grandfather and ninja sensei Kabamaru moves to Tokyo with one of his grandfather’s acquaintances.
 The Cary News is published twice weekly and freely distributed by the News and Observer free to residents of Cary North Carolina and Morrisville North Carolina.In 2011 The Cary News won 4 awards from the North Carolina Press Association in the large community newspaper category for news reporting sports columns appearance and design and photography. In 2009 the paper won for sports columns features and coverage as well as an award for multimedia.
 The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia is a compendium of articles written by Michael Gray covering the life and work of Bob Dylan. It includes reviews of varying length for each album and numerous songs in Dylan's musical output but is not just a work of music criticism.
 The Circus Is Coming is a children's novel by Noel Streatfeild about the working life of a travelling circus. It was first published in 1938 with illustrations by Stephen Spurrier. For this novel Streatfeild was awarded the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's outstanding children's book by a British subject. American editions and some later British editions are titled Circus Shoes.
 The Lab is Australian writer Jack Heath's debut novel first released as a paperback in 2006.Jack Heath started writing The Lab when he was 13 and attending Lyneham High School. Jack started writing The Lab to impress a girl at school who liked reading. He finished the first draft at the age of 17. He kept his age a secret from the publishers until he knew they were definitely interested.
 The Journal of Chemical Physics is a scientific journal that publishes research papers on all areas of chemical physics. Two volumes each of 24 issues are published per year. It is published by the American Institute of Physics.The editors have been:2008–present: Marsha I. Lester2007–2008: Branka M. Ladanyi1998–2007: Donald H. Levy1983–1997: John C. Light1960–1982: J. W. Stout1958–1959: C. A. Hutchison1956–1957 (Acting): J. E. Mayer1953–1955: C. A. Hutchison1942–1952: J. E. Mayer1933–1941: H.
 Transgender History is a non-fiction book by gender theorist Susan Stryker discussing the history of the transgender movement in the United States and to a smaller extent in Europe. It was published in 2008 by Seal Press.
 The Canadian Journal of Earth Sciences is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1963 which reports current research on all aspects of the Earth sciences. It is published by NRC Research Press. The journal also publishes special issues that focus on information and studies limited in scope to a specific segment of the Earth sciences. The editor-in-chief is Ali Polat (University of Windsor).
 To Be or Not . . . to Bop: Memoirs of Dizzy Gillespie is a book written by jazz musician composer and band leader Dizzy Gillespie. He is known for being the father of the music Bebop. This book tells about his life and what he went through to make this music flourish. The book introduces Dizzy and his friends like Charlie Bird Parker as they struggled to make money by playing. Later on it tells of how Dizzy became a great trumpeter and even the origin of his signature bent trumpet.
 Leiningen Versus the Ants by Carl Stephenson is a classic short story published in the December 1938 edition of Esquire.
 The Trenchcoat Brigade is a four-issue comic book limited series that was published in 1999 as a part of DC Comics' Vertigo imprint.The title references an offhand joke used by John Constantine in the earlier Books of Magic series to label a loose affiliation of mystics including himself Phantom Stranger Doctor Occult and Mister E who share a preference for trenchcoats as their outdoor wear.
 El Puerto (the port in Spanish) was a biweekly newspaper published in Pichilemu Chile by San Fernando newspaper editor Augusto A. Ramírez O.. El Puerto was only published in three issues: the first on 16 January and the last on 5 February 1908.
 A Dark Victory is a 1999 young-adult fantasy novel by Dave Luckett and is the last book in the Tenabran Trilogy. It follows the story of how Will is preparing for his final battle as Prince Nathan's armies mass on the moors.
 Foundations and Trends in Finance is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of finance. The editor-in-chief is George M. Constantinides (University of Chicago).
 The Sword of the Dawn is a novel by British author Michael Moorcock and was first published in 1968.The novel is the third in Moorcock's four book The History of the Runestaff series and the narrative follows on immediately from the preceding novel The Mad God's Amulet.
 Economics of Governance is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published by Springer.The journal focuses on governance in a large varietyof organizations such as governments corporations and non-profitassociations. The journal has been ranked fourth out of 31 journals in the field of public economics and 125th out of 1017 journals in economics by impact factor by RePEc.Current editors are Amihai Glazer (University of California Irvine) and Mattias Polborn (University of Illinois).
 The Iowa State Daily is an independent student newspaper serving Iowa State University in Ames Iowa that is published in print and online. It was founded in 1890 and is largely funded by advertising revenues. The Government of the Student Body helps pay for its free distribution on campus.The paper is published five days a week during the fall and winter semesters and weekly during the summer. The Daily printed circulation is 12500.Laura Widmer is the Daily's general manager.
 Goldberg Magazine was a Spanish-based publication devoted to early music and Baroque music. The magazine was initially published in bilingual English/Spanish and English/French versions.
 Fear and Loathing in America: The Brutal Odyssey of an Outlaw Journalist 1968–1976 is a collection of hundreds of letters Hunter S. Thompson wrote (as well as a handful he received) after his rise to fame with his 1966 hit Hell's Angels: The Strange and Terrible Saga of the Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs.
 Fallen is a crime novel by the American writer Kathleen George set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of the murder of a Pittsburgh doctor Dan Ross his distraught wife and how Commander Richard Christie tracks the killer.
 Products Finishing (ISSN 0032-9940) is a monthly American trade magazine and web site focused on reporting on the use of organic and inorganic finishings and the technologies used to deliver them.The Publisher is Todd Luciano and the Editor is Tim Pennington. Editorial offices are located in Cincinnati Ohio USA. Products Finishing is published 12 times per year.No-charge subscriptions are offered by qualification and are BPA-audited.
 The Henry James Review is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1979 and is the official publication of the Henry James Society. It is dedicated to the scholarly critical and theoretical study of the American writer Henry James. Each issue focuses on a specific theme of interest and seeks to promote understanding and study of James' contributions. The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and the current editor-in-chief is Susan M.
 Stronghold Builder's Guidebook is a sourcebook for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Transcultural Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of cultural psychiatry psychology and anthropology. The journal's editor-in-chief is Laurence J. Kirmayer (McGill University). The Associate Editors are Renato Alarcón Sing Lee Roland Littlewood and Leslie Swartz. It has been in publication since 1964 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Division of Social and Transcultural Psychiatry [1] of McGill University.
 Nosatsu Junkie (悩殺ジャンキー lit. Charming Junkie) is a shōjo manga series by manga artist Ryōko Fukuyama that was serialized in the magazine Hana to Yume.
 The Attitude series of books is a series of anthologies of alternative comics photos and artists' interviews edited by Universal Press Syndicate editorial cartoonist Ted Rall. The books were designed by J. P. Trostle news editor of EditorialCartoonists.com. Two sequels and three spin-off titles have been published to date.
 Max Lovely! (MAXラブリー!) is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Erika Kurahashi.
 Carpe Jugulum (/ˈkɑrpi ˈdʒʌɡjʉləm/; Latatian for seize the throat cf. Carpe diem) is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett the twenty-third in the Discworld series. It was first published in 1998. In Carpe Jugulum Terry Pratchett pastiches the traditions of vampire literature playing with the mythic archetypes and featuring a tongue-in-cheek reversal of 'vampyre' subculture with young vampires who wear bright clothes drink wine and stay up until noon.
 Continuity and Change is an international peer-reviewed academic journal published three times per year by Cambridge University Press. The journal was established by Richard Wall and Lloyd Bonfield with the intention of defining the field of historical sociology.
 Ephemerides Theologicae Lovanienses (ETL) founded in 1924 is a quarterly publication by professors of Theology and Canon Law at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and the Université catholique de Louvain (Louvain-la-Neuve). Each volume totals ca. 1300 pages. Issues 1 (April) and 4 (December) contain articles book reviews and chronicles in various languages (English French German).
 Meet the Wife was a 1923 three act Broadway comedy written by Lynn Starlingand produced by Stewart and French Inc. It ran for 232 performances from November 26 1923 to June 1924 at the Klaw Theatre. Mary Boland starred as inadvertent bigamist Gertrude Lennox Humphrey Bogart as the juvenile lead reporter Gregory Brown and Clifton Webb as sporting youngblood Victor Staunton. It was set in Gertrude Lennox's living room.It was adapted as a feature film also titled Meet the Wife in 1931.
 Aku Ankka (Finnish for Donald Duck) is a Finnish weekly Disney comics magazine published by Sanoma Magazines.The first issue was published on December 5 1951 and sold 34017 copies. The first issue with a special Christmas theme and the Snow White story published later in the 1950s are very prized collectors' items and can fetch a price of several thousand euros on the collector market.
 The Uncanny X-Men and The New Teen Titans is a crossover comic book published by DC Comics and Marvel Comics and features two teams of superheroes DC Comics' New Teen Titans and Marvel's X-Men.
 Basketball Times is an American basketball magazine that has been in circulation since 1978 and is published by Akers Ink LLC. Basketball Times publishes monthly and mainly focuses on college basketball.
 The Radio Man is a science fiction novel by author Ralph Milne Farley. It is the first book in Farley's Radio Man series. It was first published in book form in 1948 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1000 copies. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Argosy.
 Titanic: The Long Night is a 1998 romance novel by Diane Hoh. It is an entirely fictional story set aboard on the real ship Titanic.The plot centers around two main aspects. The first is the story of Elizabeth Farr who is on the Titanic with her parents on the voyage to New York City on her way to marry a man she doesn't want to marry Alan Reed.
 The Secret Relationship Between Blacks and Jews is a book published in 1991 by the Nation of Islam. The book alleges that Jews dominated the Atlantic slave trade.The book has been labeled an Antisemitic canard by historians including Saul S. Friedman who contends that Jews had a minimal role in New World slave trade.
 Omishi Magical Theater: Risky Safety (臣士魔法劇場 リスキー☆セフティ Omishi Mahou Gekijou: Risky/Safety) is an anime created by Rei Omishi and it follows the journeys of an apprentice shinigami or death god named Risky and an apprentice angel named Safety who have been trapped in the same body. Whoever is in charge of the body depends on the emotions of those around them; if people are happy then Safety appears but if people are upset then Risky takes charge.
 The Witch of Hebron is a dystopian sequel to James Howard Kunstler's A World Made by Hand published in 2010.
 The Dark Eyes Of London is a crime novel by the British writer Edgar Wallace which was first published in 1924. An unbalanced doctor and his brother murder a series of wealthy men to benefit from their life insurance policies using a charity for the blind as a front for their activities. The persistent Inspector Holt of Scotland Yard is soon on their trail. It was based on an earlier short story The Croakers which Wallace had written.
 An Evening of Long Goodbyes is a 2003 comic novel by Irish author Paul Murray. It was shortlisted for the 2003 Whitbread First Novel Award and for the 2003 Kerry Group Irish Fiction Award.
 Full House: The Spread of Excellence from Plato to Darwin is a 1996 book by evolutionary biologist Stephen Jay Gould. It was released in the UK as Life's Grandeur with the same subtitle and with an additional 8-page introduction entitled A Baseball Primer for British Readers.In Full House Gould demonstrates how one type of statistical misconception leads to misunderstanding of important phenomena.
 The Colour is a 2003 novel by Rose Tremain which was nominated for the Orange Broadband Prize for Fiction. It is set in New Zealand.
 Renditions (Chinese: 譯叢; pinyin: Yì Cóng; Cantonese Yale: Yihk Chùhng) is a literary magazine on Chinese literature in English translation published by the Research Centre for Translation (RCT) at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. It was established in 1973 and covers Chinese literature from classical works of poetry prose and fiction to their contemporary counterparts as well as articles on art Chinese studies and translation studies.
 Jerusalem: Chronicles from the Holy City originally published in French as Chroniques de Jérusalem is a graphic novel written and illustrated by Guy Delisle. Jerusalem is a travelogue and memoir in which Delisle recounts his trip to Jerusalem and other parts of Israel and the occupied West Bank with his two young children and his long-term partner Nadège who went there to do administrative work for Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
 The Star Tribune is the largest newspaper in the U.S. state of Minnesota and is published seven days each week in an edition for the Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area. A statewide version is also available across Minnesota and parts of Wisconsin Iowa South Dakota and North Dakota. The paper's largest competitor is the St. Paul-based Pioneer Press though it competes with a number of other papers in its wide circulation area.
 Yellow Fog is a horror novel by Les Daniels. It was first published in 1986 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 800 copies which were signed by the author and slipcased. The novel is part of the author's Don Sebastian series. An expanded edition was published by Tor Books in 1988 (ISBN 0-812-51675-3).
 Cheaper by the Dozen is a biographical novel written by Frank Bunker Gilbreth Jr. and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey that tells the story of time and motion study and efficiency experts Frank Bunker Gilbreth and Lillian Moller Gilbreth and their twelve children. The book focuses on the many years the family resided in Montclair New Jersey.
 The Masque Of The Red Death was an original theatre production by British theatre company Punchdrunk in collaboration with the Battersea Arts Centre that ran from September 2007 to April 2008
 The Real Cool Killers is a Hardboiled Crime Fiction novel written by Chester Himes. Published in 1959 it is the second book in the Grave Digger Jones & Coffin Ed Johnson Mysteries. The protagonists of the novel Grave Digger Jones and Coffin Ed are a pair of black detectives who patrol the dangerous slums of Harlem. The book was originally published in French under the title Il pleut des coups durs.
 The Onion Girl is a 2001 contemporary fantasy novel by Charles De Lint which takes place in the Newford universe. It is the first Newford novel centering on the recurring character of Jilly Coppercorn now a middle-aged woman. The book was a finalist for the World Fantasy Award. De Lint published a sequel in 2006 Widdershins and a 2007 prequel Promises to Keep the latter of which featured Jilly as a young woman.
 The Exterminators was an American monthly comic book series published under the Vertigo imprint by DC Comics. The comic was created by writer Simon Oliver and artist Tony Moore and follows the employees of the Bug-Bee-Gone extermination company. The book is notable for its graphic and darkly humorous take on the extermination business. The first issue was released on January 4 2006.
 Weird City: Sense of Place and Creative Resistance in Austin Texas is a non-fiction scholarly text by Joshua Long published in 2010 by University of Texas Press. The book uses the Keep Austin Weird movement as a central focus to discuss the social cultural and economic changes occurring in Austin Texas at the beginning of the 21st century.
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer (BFI TV Classics S.) is an academic publication relating to the fictional Buffyverse established by TV series Buffy and Angel.Anne Billson's book gives an extended overview of the history of Buffy.
 Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne is a 6-issue American comic book limited series published by DC Comics beginning in May 2010 to November 2010 written by Grant Morrison and featuring a team of rotating artists starting with Chris Sprouse and Frazer Irving.The series picks up from Batman and Robin #12. The series detailed the journey Bruce Wayne takes through the timestream of the DC Universe after being deposited in the distant past by Darkseid in Final Crisis.
 Shirley Valentine is a one-character play by Willy Russell. Taking the form of a monologue by a middle-aged working class Liverpool housewife it focuses on her life before and after a transforming holiday abroad.
 The Return of the Dancing Master is a 2000 novel by Swedish crime writer Henning Mankell. It was translated into English in 2003 by Laurie Thompson and won the 2005 Gumshoe Award for Best European Crime Novel presented by Mystery Ink.The central character of the book is Stefan Lindman a young police officer with cancer who investigates the murder of a retired officer.
 Cultural Studies is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the relation between cultural practices everyday life material economic political geographical and historical contexts. The editor-in-chief is Lawrence Grossberg (University of North Carolina). It was established in 1987 and is published by Routledge.
 Kurzemes Reklāma is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 The Sea Hunters: True Adventures with Famous Shipwrecks is a nonfiction work by adventure novelist Clive Cussler published in the United States in 1996. This work details the authors search for famous shipwrecks with his nonprofit organization NUMA. There is also a television series titled The Sea Hunters which is based on the book. It airs on the National Geographic Channel and History Television in Canada.
 Feed is the first book in the Newsflesh Trilogy written by Seanan McGuire under the penname Mira Grant and published by Orbit Books.A science fiction/horror novel set after a zombie apocalypse and written from the perspective of blog journalist Georgia Mason Feed follows Georgia and her news team as they join Republican senator Peter Ryman's presidential campaign.
 The Wailing Siren Mystery is Volume 30 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Andrew E. Svenson in 1951. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was shortened in 1968 by Priscilla Baker-Carr resulting in two similar stories sharing the same title.
 The Bangkok Post is a broadsheet English-language daily newspaper published in Bangkok Thailand. The first issue was sold on 1 August 1946. It had four pages and cost 1 baht a considerable amount at the time when a baht was a paper note.
 The Unifying Force is the nineteenth and final installment of the New Jedi Order series of books in the fictional Star Wars Expanded Universe written by James Luceno.Hardcover editions of the book included a CD with the first book of the series Vector Prime a round robin interview with some of the people involved with the series and the Yuuzhan Vong 'bible'- a collection of source material on the Yuuzhan Vong created and used by the authors.
 L'Esquella de la Torratxa was an illustrated satirical weekly magazine written in Catalan. Published in Barcelona between 1872 and 1939 it was well-known for its pro-republican and anti-clerical stance and would become one of the most important Catalan publications of all times.
 Performance Car commonly abbreviated to PC was an automobile magazine from the United Kingdom published by EMAP between October 1983 and July 1998. As suggested by the title the magazine focussed on the high performance sector of the car market from hot hatches through to supercars.A magazine of the same name was launched in 2008.
 The Curse is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Angel television series.
 Video Business (ISSN-0279-571X) was a trade publication and web site owned by Reed Business Information serving the information needs of retailers distributors content suppliers and other professionals related to the electronic entertainment industry.The editor-in-chief was Marcy Magiera with the editorial offices located in Los Angeles California USA.Established in 1981 Video Business magazine was published weekly.
 World's Work (1900–1932) was a monthly magazine which celebrated the American way of life and its expanded role on the world stage. In 1932 it was purchased by and merged into the journal Review of Reviews. It was founded in 1900 and edited by Walter Hines Page until 1913 when his son Arthur W. Page became the editor.
 Lectures from Colombo to Almora (1897) is a book of Swami Vivekananda based on his various lectures. After visiting the West Vivekananda reached Colombo Sri Lanka on 15 January 1897. Upon Vivekananda's arrival in South India a forty-feet high monument was built by the king of Ramnad on the spot where he landed to celebrate his achievements at the West. He reached Calcutta via Madras on 20 January 1897. Then Vivekananda travelled extensively and visited many Indian states.
 The Thief Lord is a children's novel written by Cornelia Funke. It was published in Germany in 2000 and translated into English by Oliver Latsch in 2002 for The Chicken House a division of Scholastic publishing company. It was also adapted into a film in 2006.
 Marlfox is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1998. It is the 11th book in the Redwall series. Marlfoxes are an unusual breed of anthropomorphic foxes which serve as the main antagonists in the book.
 Amber and Blood is the third novel in the Dark Disciple series by Margaret Weis.
 The Thing Around Your Neck is a short story collection by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie it was first published in April 2009 by Fourth Estate in the UK and by Knopf in the US. It received many positive reviews including:'She makes storytelling seem as easy as birdsong' (Daily Telegraph)'Stunning. Like all fine storytellers she leaves us wanting more' (The Times)↑ ↑
 Judita (Judith) is one of the most important Croatian literary works an epic poem written by the father of Croatian literature Marko Marulić in 1501.
 The Panda's Thumb: More Reflections in Natural History (1980) is a collection of 31 essays by the Harvard University paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould.
 Trouble with the Natives is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1951. This comic story describes the pains of aliens visiting an English village as every effort at contact with humans gets frustrated. The story was also published as The Men in the Flying Saucer.This story has similarities with History Lesson & Rescue Party - in all three stories aliens draw naive & humorous conclusions about humans from little information.
 Daily News Egypt (DNE) is an English-language daily Egyptian newspaper established in 2005 and relaunched in June 2012. Under former owner Egyptian Media Services it was distributed with the International Herald Tribune as a supplement. According to its website the paper carries “business political and cultural news and analysis”. The newspaper has claimed to be independent and not subject to government censorship.
 The Book of Pleasure (Self-Love): Psychology of Ecstasy is a book written by Austin Osman Spare during 1909-1913.The book could be regarded the central text among his writings.
 Redemption Song: An Irish Reporter Inside the Obama Campaign is a book by Niall Stanage about the 2008 presidential election campaign of Barack Obama.It was first published by Liberties Press Dublin on December 1 2008 so becoming one of the first books published anywhere to cover the entirety of Obama's campaign.
 The Life and Death of Democracy is a 2009 book by John Keane and published by Simon & Schuster. Keane claims his book is the first attempt to write a full history of democracy for well over a century - the last such attempt he states on this scale was by the American Nahum Capen whose first volume was published in 1874.
 Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture to Technology is a book by Neil Postman published in 1992 that describes the development and characteristics of a technopoly. He defines a technopoly as a society in which technology is deified meaning “the culture seeks its authorisation in technology finds its satisfactions in technology and takes its orders from technology”.
 The Collected Books of Jack Spicer first appeared in 1975 ten years after the death of Jack Spicer. It was edited & with a commentary by Robin Blaser and published in Santa Rosa CA by Black Sparrow Press.
 Lavinia is a Locus Award winning 2008 novel by American author Ursula K. Le Guin. It relates the life of Lavinia princess of Laurentum a minor character in Vergil's epic poem the Aeneid.
 Bastard‼: Heavy Metal Dark Fantasy (BASTARD!!-暗黒の破壊神- Basutādo!! Ankoku no Hakaishin lit. Bastard!! The Destructive God of Darkness) is a manga by Kazushi Hagiwara. It first appeared in Weekly Shōnen Jump in 1988 and continues to be published irregularly today in Ultra Jump. Currently it spans 27 volumes.Kazushi Hagiwara is an enthusiastic fan of heavy metal music and Dungeons & Dragons using ideas from both of these in the Bastard!! story.
 100Most (Chinese: 100毛) is a Chinese weekly magazine published in Hong Kong first published in March 2013. It is owned by Roy Tsui Seven Chan and Bu (林日曦 陳強 阿Bu).
 Lady L is a 1958 novel by the French writer Romain Gary. Gary wrote the book in English and translated it to French himself in 1963. Peter Ustinov directed a 1965 film with the same title based on the novel.
 The Last Days a horror novel by Scott Westerfeld is a companion book to Peeps. It takes place in New York during the end of civilization hinted upon in Peeps.
 The God of Small Things (1997) is the debut novel of Indian writer Arundhati Roy. It is a story about the childhood experiences of fraternal twins whose lives are destroyed by the Love Laws that lay down who should be loved and how. And how much. The book is a description of how the small things in life affect people's behaviour and their lives. The book won the Booker Prize in 1997.The God of Small Things is Roy's first book and as of 2013 is her only novel.
 The Russian Concubine is a 2007 novel by Kate Furnivall. Ths book is loosely based on the story of Furnivall's mother Lily who was a Russian refugee. Set in Russia and China it is a love story between Lydia Ivanova and Chang An Lo and is followed by a sequel The Concubine's Secret and a prequel The Jewel of St Petersburg which is about Lydia's parents Valentina and Jens.
 The International Journal of Nanomedicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the application of nanotechnology in diagnostics therapeutics and drug delivery systems throughout the biomedical field. The journal was established in 2006 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Rock Hard is a heavy metal magazine originally released in Germany. It was founded in 1983 by Holger Stratmann and is dedicated to all styles of rock and heavy metal. The magazine has independent offspring with the same name in France Greece Italy Spain and Japan.
 Transformers: Micromasters was a four-issue comic book limited series released in 2004 which takes place in between the War Within and the Generation 1 series. The main focus of the series is the Micromasters subline of Transformers though it did have some cameos of notable G1 regulars.
 Pan Podstoli (Lord Steward or Royal Pantler) is a novel by Polish author Ignacy Krasicki published in several parts (1778 1784 and 1803). It is one of the first Polish novels and one of the most important works by Krasicki. It served as an inspiration future Polish novelists and other writers including Adam Mickiewicz.
 24 heures (literally 24 Hours) is a Swiss regional Swiss-French-language daily newspaper published by Edipresse in Lausanne Vaud.
 Business and Society Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering ethical issues concerning the relationships between business and society. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Center for Business Ethics at Bentley University. The current editor-in-chief is Robert E. Frederick (Bentley University).
 Disclosure is a novel by Michael Crichton published in 1994. The novel is set in a fictional high tech company just before the beginning of the dot-com economic boom. The plot concerns protagonist Tom Sanders and his battle against unfounded allegations of sexual harassment.
 Christ Clone Trilogy is a science fiction trilogy by the American novelist James BeauSeigneur dealing with the end of the world by presenting a fictionalised version of Christian eschatology.BeauSeigneur's writing is compared to much more name recognized contemporaries such as Tom Clancy for its attention to detail.
 The BFG (short for Big Friendly Giant) is a children's book written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake first published in 1982. The book was an expansion of a story told in Danny the Champion of the World an earlier Dahl book. An animated film based on the book was released in 1989 with David Jason providing the voice of the BFG and Amanda Root as the voice of Sophie. It has also been adapted as a theatre performance.
 Titanic 2020 is the first novel of the Titanic 2020 series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman published on 19 July 2007 through Hodder Children's Books.
 Melted Love (どうせ、めろめろ Dōse Meromero) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by You Takumi. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on 22 September 2007.
 explore is a Canadian publication focusing on outdoor lifestyle content. The magazine is published four times a year by OP Publishing.Each issue highlights travel adventures to remote corners of Canada and beyond. The magazine also features gear and events across the country.
 The Lebanon Express is the weekly newspaper of Lebanon Oregon United States. It is owned by Lee Enterprises.Founded in 1887 the paper is published every Wednesday. The Lebanon Express is the only newspaper specifically serving the city of Lebanon and has a circulation of 2385. The Albany Democrat-Herald Corvallis Gazette-Times the Eugene Register-Guard and the Salem Statesman Journal also cover stories in the Mid-Willamette Valley.
 The Dark Goddess is a novel by French American novelist Marvin H. Albert.
 The Making of the Wizard Of Oz written by film historian Aljean Harmetz is a book about the production of the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz. It was the second book ever published documenting the making of this film released a year after Doug McClelland's 1976 work Down the Yellow Brick Road.The book was published in November 1977 after the film had been telecast a total of nineteen times.
 Harvest magazine harvest is an Australian literary magazine based in Melbourne that publishes fresh new writing from emerging and established authors.Founded in 2007 harvest sprung from the desire to produce a tactile engaging publication for intelligent readers. Art and design feature heavily in each issue. The journal is also eco-virtuous printed on recycled paper using vegetable inks by local company Arena Printing.
 Freefall: America Free Markets and the Sinking of the World Economy is a book on the causes and consequences of the Great Recession by economist and Nobel laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz first published in 2010 by W. W. Norton & Company.
 A Perfect Ganesh is a play written by Terrance McNally in 1993. The play follows the life of two very rich middle-aged women Margaret Civil and Katherine Brynne who struggle with the concept of inner peace.
 Donjuan (Spanish: Don Juan) is a Colombian monthly lads mag and known for its pictorials featuring popular actresses singers and female models sometimes pictured dressed often pictured scantily dressed but not fully nude.
 Surface Tension is a science fiction short story by James Blish originally published in 1952. As collected in Blish's The Seedling Stars it was revised to incorporate material from his earlier story Sunken Universe published in Super Science Stories in 1942.
 The Gold-Bug is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. Set on Sullivan's Island South Carolina the plot follows William Legrand who was recently bitten by a gold-colored bug. His servant Jupiter fears Legrand is going insane and goes to Legrand's friend an unnamed narrator who agrees to visit his old friend.
 GeoJournal is a peer-reviewed international academic journal on all aspects of geography founded in 1977. Twelve issues (three volumes) a year were published by Springer Netherlands (formerly Kluwer) until December 2009 and can be accessed via SpringerLink. Starting February 2010 GeoJournal will be relaunched as an international journal for spatially integrated social sciences and humanities with six issues a year. The journal's editor-in-chief is currently Daniel Z.
 For other uses see Lost City of Z (disambiguation)The Lost City of Z: A Tale of Deadly Obsession in the Amazon (2009) is a non-fiction book by American author David Grann. It tells the story of the legendary British explorer Percy Fawcett who in 1925 disappeared with his son in the Amazon while looking for an ancient lost city. For decades explorers and scientists have tried to find evidence of his party and the Lost City of Z.
 Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad is a young-adult novel written by L. Frank Baum famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. It was the second volume in the ten-novel series Aunt Jane's Nieces which was after the Oz books the second greatest success of Baum's literary career. Like the other books in the series the novel appeared under the pen name Edith Van Dyne one of Baum's multiple pseudonyms.
 The Deemster is a novel by Hall Caine published in 1887 considered to be the first 'Manx novel'. It was Caine's third novel the first to be set in the Isle of Man and it was his first great success. The plot revolves around the reckless actions of Dan Mylrea and the exile and atonement that follow.
 There's a Boy in the Girls' Bathroom is a juvenile fiction book from the author Louis Sachar. The title comes from a point when a character Jeff accidentally enters the girl's bathroom and is horribly embarrassed by it.
 Guy Ritchie's Gamekeeper is a comic book series from Virgin Comics and film director Guy Ritchie. Warner Brothers has acquired the rights to the series for Silver Pictures to produce and Ritchie to direct.
 The Seventh Gate (1994) is the final novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman in their seven-book Death Gate Cycle series.
 Debunking 9/11 Myths: Why Conspiracy Theories Can't Stand Up to the Facts is a non-fiction book published by Hearst Communications Inc. on August 15 2006. The book is based on the article 9/11: Debunking the Myths in the March 2005 issue of Popular Mechanics and is written by David Dunbar and Brad Reagan responding to various 9/11 conspiracy theories. The authors interviewed over 300 sources for the book relying on expert and witness accounts.
 Queensland Pride is a fortnightly gay and lesbian magazine based in Brisbane Australia.One of several titles published by Evo Media Queensland Pride is distributed throughout Brisbane and major regional centres in Queensland.[citation needed] The publication covers local national and international news of interest to the gay and lesbian community and has a strong focus on community news arts and entertainment.The editorial team consists of editor Andrew Shaw plus freelance contributors.
 Growth Factors is an academic journal that publishes review articles from protein chemists molecular biologists physiologists cell biologists and clinicians working on the control of cell production and differentiation. It is published by Informa Healthcare.
 Shadrach in the Furnace is a science fiction novel by American writer Robert Silverberg first published by Bobbs Merrill in 1976. The novel was nominated [1] in 1976 for the Nebula award and in 1977 for the Hugo award.The story takes place in 2012 and is set in Ulaanbaatar (Mongolia's capital) that has become the world capital. The main character is Shadrach Mordecai personal doctor of the world dictator Genghis II Mao IV.
 The 1988 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the seventeenth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1988 followed by a hardcover edition issued in August of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club.
 The Hunters is James Salter's debut novel and a tale of USAF fighter pilots during the Korean War first published in 1956. The novel was the basis for a 1958 film by the same name starring Robert Mitchum and Robert Wagner with a very different storyline.Under his birthname James A. Horowitz Salter himself was a fighter pilot with the rank of Captain who saw combat from February to August 1952.
 The Transhumanist Wager is a 2013 philosophical and science fiction novel by American-Hungarian author journalist and philosopher Zoltan Istvan. It was a #1 bestseller in both Philosophy and Science Fiction Visionary & Metaphysical on Amazon. The novel follows the life of Jethro Knights a philosopher whose efforts to promote transhumanism ultimately lead to a global revolution.
 The Wake of the Lorelei Lee is a historical novel by L.A. Meyer. The Wake of the Lorelei Lee is the 8th book in the Bloody Jack series. The series begins with Bloody Jack Curse of the Blue Tattoo Under the Jolly Roger In the Belly of the Bloodhound Mississippi Jack My Bonny Light Horseman Rapture of the Deep and is followed by The Mark of the Golden Dragon.
 The Journal of Tort Law is a peer reviewed law review covering tort law. It was established in 2006 and is published by the Berkeley Electronic Press. The editors-in-chief are John Goldberg and Jules Coleman. The journal is indexed in Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Intute Scopus and Westlaw.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 9 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in 1983.The book collects ten novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors originally published in 1982 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented together with an introduction by the editor.
 The Astonishing Spider-Man is a comic book series being published by Panini Comics in the United Kingdom every fortnight as part of Marvel UK's 'Collectors Edition' line. It reprints selected Spider-Man stories and material from the American comic books.
 Fath was a Persian-language newspaper published in Iran.
 Welcome to the Jungle is a 2008 hardback graphic novel written by science fiction and fantasy author Jim Butcher and illustrated by Ardian Syaf. Set in the world of Butcher's contemporary fantasy/mystery novel series The Dresden Files Welcome to the Jungle was written as a prequel to the first novel Storm Front. It was nominated for a Hugo Award in the Best Graphic Novel category.
 Venetia is a minor novel by Benjamin Disraeli published in 1837 the year he was first elected to the House of Commons.The novel is a lightweight romantic fantasy. A contemporary reviewer writing in an 1854 issue of the New Monthly Review declared that he “liked it least of all Disraeli’s works.”Lord Byron and Shelley figure in its pages under different names and different worldly circumstances from those in which they actually lived.
 Economic Development and Cultural Change is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. It covers all aspects of the economics of developing countries including education reform immigration debt bondage ethnicity land redistribution and economic development and cultural change.The major founder of the journal was Bert F. Hoselitz who served as editor from 1952 until 1985.
 The Rise and Fall of the Romanov Autocracy is a British radio play. Clive Mantle starred in it.
 Allan Quatermain is a novel by H. Rider Haggard.
 The Old Familiar Juice is an Australian play by Jim McNeil. It was originally written and performed in prison and has come to be regarded as an Australian classic.
 Blackmask is a three-issue prestige format mini-series by Brian Augustyn and Jim Baikie published in 1993 by DC Comics.
 Amadeus is a play by Peter Shaffer which gives a highly fictionalized account of the lives of the composers Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Antonio Salieri. First performed in 1979 Amadeus was inspired by a short 1830 play by Alexander Pushkin called Mozart and Salieri (which was also used as the libretto for an opera of the same name by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov in 1897).In the play significant use is made of the music of Mozart Salieri and other composers of the period.
 The Journal of Behavioral Optometry is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Optometric Extension Program Foundation. It covers clinically relevant behavioral functional and developmental aspects of the visual system.
 La Dernière Heure (The Latest Hour) and Les Sports (sometimes referred to as La DH) is a French-language general daily newspaper in Belgium.La DH is specifically known for news and sports. It exists in 7 regional versions: Namur / Luxembourg Liège Tournai / Ath / Mouscron Mons Center Charleroi Center Brabant and Brussels.
 Backwards is the fourth Red Dwarf novel. It is set on the fictional backwards universe version of Earth.The novel was written by Rob Grant on his own. It follows on directly from the second Grant Naylor novel Better Than Life ignoring Last Human (which was written by Doug Naylor).
 From Russia with Love is the fifth novel in Ian Fleming's James Bond series first published in the UK by Jonathan Cape on 8 April 1957. As with the first four books From Russia with Love was generally well received by the critics. The story was written at Fleming's Goldeneye estate in Jamaica in early 1956.
 Ang Huling Pagluha (The Final Shedding of Tears) was the first novel of Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed. Regalado that appeared on the pages of the Tagalog-language magazine Liwayway. It began as a serial novel in Liwayway on 30 June 1926. The 283-page book version was published in 1933 in Manila Philippines by the Bahay Aklatan Ang Pagsilang (Library House The Birth) during the American era in Philippine history (1898-1946).
 Cloud Atlas is a 2004 novel the third book by British author David Mitchell. It consists of six nested stories that take the reader from the remote South Pacific in the nineteenth century to a distant post-apocalyptic future. It won the British Book Awards Literary Fiction Award and the Richard & Judy Book of the Year award and was short-listed for the 2004 Booker Prize Nebula Award Arthur C. Clarke Award and other awards.
 The Rider on the White Horse (German: Der Schimmelreiter) is a novella by German writer Theodor Storm. It is his last complete work first published in 1888 the year of his death. The novella is Storm's best remembered and most widely read work and considered by many to be his masterpiece. It has been translated into English under titles The Dykemaster The Dikegrave and the most literal The Rider on the White Horse (Schimmel being the German word for a gray or white horse).
 Dengeki Hime (電撃姫) is a Japanese magazine published monthly by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks) publishing information mainly on adult visual novels. The magazine started as a special issue of the now discontinued Dengeki Oh in 1997 and in 2001 it became its own entity. Originally it held information on boys love series but eventually shifted to adult visual novels when Dengeki Girl's Style began hosting the former content.
 The International Journal of Speech-Language Pathology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers any area of child or adult communication or dysphagia and issues related to etiology assessment diagnosis intervention or theoretical frameworks. A scientific forum is included in many issues where a topic is debated by invited experts. The journal is edited by Sharynne McLeod (Charles Sturt University) and has been published since 1999.
 Whistle! (ホイッスル! Hoissuru!) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Daisuke Higuchi which was adapted into a 39-episode anime television series broadcast exclusively by Animax across Japan and South Korea.The manga which is association football-themed was published in Japan in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump and in English by Viz Media under the Shonen Jump label.
 Distrust That Particular Flavor is a collection of non-fiction writing by speculative fiction author William Gibson. It consists of twenty-six pieces written over a period of more than twenty years. The anthology includes a range of formats including essays magazine pieces album reviews and forewords from other published works.
 The Day of the Locust is a 1939 novel by American author Nathanael West set in Hollywood California during the Great Depression. Its themes deal with the alienation and desperation of a broad group of odd individuals who exist at the fringes of the Hollywood movie industry.In 1998 the Modern Library ranked The Day of the Locust #73 on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
 The Languages of Africa is a 1963 book of essays by Joseph Greenberg in which he sets forth a genetic classification of African languages that with some changes continues to be the most commonly used one today. It is an expanded and extensively revised version of his 1955 work Studies in African Linguistic Classification which was itself a compilation of eight articles which Greenberg had published in the Southwestern Journal of Anthropology between 1949 and 1954.
 The Cat Who Saw Red is the fourth book in the Cat Who series of mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun published in 1986.
 Jimmy Page by Jimmy Page is the title of an autobiography written by Jimmy Page a well-known British musician and member of the rock band Led Zeppelin. It is published by Genesis Publications (England) and was published in September 2010.Features in the book include rare photos personally selected by the author along with handwritten captions describing the subject(s) in the images. The book is described as a career in pictures.
 Death in the City of Light: The Serial Killer of Nazi-Occupied Paris is a nonfiction true crime book by David King first published in 2011. The book covers the serial killing spree in Paris that took place while that city was occupied by the Nazis during World War II the trial of the chief suspect - Dr. Marcel Petiot and the circus that ensued.
 The St. Petersburg Times is an English-language daily newspaper published in St Petersburg Russia. It is the sister publication of The Moscow Times.
 Crossing the Line is a novel written by Karen Traviss in November 2004. It is the second book of the Wess'Har Series. Its prequel was called City of Pearl published in February of the same year.
 Come Sing Jimmy Jo is a 1985 children's novel written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson. The book focuses on a West Virginia boy named James Johnson whose parents are bluegrass music performers. When it is discovered that James has previously unrecognized musical talent his parents force him to take the stage name Jimmy Jo and perform with them.
 Jaguar is a young adult adventure novel by Roland Smith first published by Hyperion Books in 1997. It is the sequel to the book Thunder Cave (also published by Hyperion Books).
 Self-portrait in a Convex Mirror is a 1975 poetry collection by the American writer John Ashbery. The title comes from the painting with the same name. The book received the Pulitzer Prize the National Book Awardand the National Book Critics Circle Award.
 The Desperate Mission is the first book in Jude Watson's series The Last of the Jedi.
 Something Upstairs (also published as Something Upstairs: A Tale of Ghosts) is a young adult historical thriller fiction novel written by Avi first published in 1988. It concerns a 12-year-old boy named Kenny Huldorf who has moved to a new area and discovers a ghost Caleb in his room. Caleb was the slave of a previous owner of the home and is stuck there until someone can help set him free.
 This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously Dude Don't Touch It (also known under its working title of John and Dave and the Fifth Wall) is a 2012 comic horror novel written by Jason Pargin under the pseudonym of David Wong. The novel is a followup to Wong's book John Dies at the End which was initially published as a webserial and later as a printed novel.
 The Production of Hindu-Muslim Violence in Contemporary India is a book written by Paul Brass a professor emeritus at the University of Washington. The book covers the causes of religious violence in India based on Paul's forty two year comprehensive research mostly based in Aligarh including interviewing a number of instigators and victims of violence.
 Memory Prime is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens.
 30-sai no Hoken Taiiku (30歳の保健体育 Sanjussai no Hoken Taiiku trans. Health and Physical Education for 30-Year-Olds) is a Japanese guidebook series written by Mitsuba and published by Ichijinsha. The series is aimed at men in their 30s who have not had any romantic or sexual relationships with women. The manga adaptation by Rikako Inomoto started on the November/December 2010 issue of Comic Rex.
 Sissyphobia: Gay Men and Effeminate Behavior is a book by gay author Tim Bergling published in 2001 that investigates why some gay men are more masculine than others and why society finds effeminate men objectionable.
 The Children's Bach (1984) is a novella by Australian writer Helen Garner. It was her third published book and her second novel. It was well received critically.
 The Astronauts (in Polish Astronauci) is the first science fiction novel by Polish writer Stanisław Lem published as a book in 1951.To write the novel Lem received advance payment from publishing house Czytelnik (Warsaw). The book became an instant success and was translated into several languages (first into Czech published in 1956). This success convinced Lem to switch to the career of a science-fiction author.The Astronauts written for the youth is set in the Communist utopian future.
 The Man with the Iron Heart is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove. Published in 2008 it takes as its premise the survival by Reinhard Heydrich of his 1942 assassination in Czechoslovakia and his subsequent leadership of the postwar Werwolf insurgency in occupied Germany which Turtledove depicts as growing into a far more formidable force than was the case historically.This novel follows the format typical of Turtledove novels of following events from multiple points of view.
 Sons of the Oak is the fifth installment in David Farland's fantasy series The Runelords. It chronicles the life of the Earth King Gaborn Val Orden's son Fallion as he matures and begins to discover powers even his father didn't have.
 The Unbeheaded King is a fantasy novel by American writer L. Sprague de Camp the fourth book of his Novarian series and the third in the Reluctant King trilogy featuring King Jorian of Xylar. It was first published as a hardcover by Del Rey Books in 1983 and later reprinted in paperback by the same publisher. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
 The British Journal of Medical Practitioners (BJMP) is a quarterly international peer-reviewed online medical journal published by JMN Medical Education Ltd UK. BJMP publishes articles in all branches of medicine surgery and allied specialties with particular emphasis on the clinical aspects of each topic. BJMP publishes original research clinical reviews case reports letters to editor and health related news to mention a few.
 Make Death Love Me (1979) is a psychological crime novel by English author Ruth Rendell regarded by some as one of her bleakest and most powerful stories. The novel was shortlisted for an Edgar and won Sweden's prestigious Martin Beck Award.
 Rabbit Hole is a play written by David Lindsay-Abaire. It was the recipient of the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play was originally commissioned by South Coast Repertory and first presented at its Pacific Playwrights Festival reading series in 2005. It received its first full production in New York in 2006 and it has also been produced by regional theatres in cities such as Los Angeles Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
 You're Only Old Once! A Book for Obsolete Children is a 1986 picture book for adults by Dr. Seuss (Theodor Seuss Geisel). Released on Geisel's eighty-second birthday the book follows an elderly man on a visit to the Golden Years Clinic where he endures long waits and bizarre medical tests.You're Only Old Once! was written shortly after Geisel had suffered through a series of illnesses during which he spent a considerable amount of time in hospital waiting rooms.
 Pavane by Keith Roberts is an alternative history science fiction fix-up novel first published by Rupert Hart-Davis Ltd in 1968. Most of the original stories were published in Science Fantasy.
 Boundary-Layer Meteorology is an international monthly peer reviewed geoscience journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It was founded in 1971 by R.E. Munn (Institute for Environmental Studies University of Toronto ON Canada). The current Editor for this publication is John R. Garratt (CSIRO Marine & Atmospheric Research).
 Ice Blade (地雷震 Jiraishin lit. Earth-Lightning-Quake or Land mine-Shiver) is manga series written and illustrated by Tsutomu Takahashi published in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine from 1992 to 1999.
 Tom Climbs the Fence is the debut novel by Australian writer Shane Worrell published in 2010.
 The Women's Rights Law Reporter is a journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at Rutgers School of Law—Newark. The journal provides a forum for exploring law and public policy relating to women’s rights and gender. The journal is published quarterly. The editors in chief for 2012-2013 are Emmy Acevedo and Patrina Ozurumba.
 The Critique of Practical Reason (German: Kritik der praktischen Vernunft) is the second of Immanuel Kant's three critiques first published in 1788. It follows on from Kant's Critique of Pure Reason and deals with his moral philosophy.
 Caddie Woodlawn is a children's historical fiction novel by Carol Ryrie Brink which received the Newbery Medal in 1936 and a Lewis Carroll Shelf Award in 1958. The original edition was illustrated by Newbery-award winning author and illustrator Kate Seredy. Macmillan released a later edition in 1973 illustrated by Trina Schart Hyman.
 Archive for History of Exact Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media covering the history of mathematics and of astronomy observations and techniques epistemology of science and philosophy of science from Antiquity until now. It was established in 1960 and the current editors-in-chief are Jed Z. Buchwald and Jeremy Gray.
 Ptisi & Diastima (Greek: Πτήση & Διάστημα meaning Flight & Space) is a monthly magazine published in Greece. First published in November 1979 it is the oldest aviation and defense magazine in Greece.It has a monthly readership of 44000.
 The Condemned of Altona (French: Les Séquestrés d'Altona) is a play written by Jean-Paul Sartre known in Great Britain as Loser Wins. It was first produced in 1959 at the Théâtre de la Renaissance in Paris. It was one of the last plays Sartre wrote followed only by his adaptation of Euripides' The Trojan Women.
 All the Colours of Darkness is the eighteenth novel by English detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 2008 but has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Glinda of Oz: In Which Are Related the Exciting Experiences of Princess Ozma of Oz and Dorothy in Their Hazardous Journey to the Home of the Flatheads and to the Magic Isle of the Skeezers and How They Were Rescued from Dire Peril by the Sorcery of Glinda the Good is the fourteenth Land of Oz book written by children's author L. Frank Baum published on July 10 1920. It is the last book of the original Oz series which was later continued by other authors.
 Samguk Sagi (Korean pronunciation: [sʰamɡuks͈aɡi]; History of the Three Kingdoms) is a historical record of the Three Kingdoms of Korea: Goguryeo Baekje and Silla. The Samguk Sagi is written in Classical Chinese (the written language of the literati in traditional Korea) and its compilation was ordered by Goryeo's King Injong (r. 1122-1146) and undertaken by the government official and historian Kim Busik (金富軾) and a team of junior scholars. It was completed in 1145.
 Wanna be a bride (Egyptian Arabic: عايزة أتجوز [ˈʕæjzæ (ʔæ)tˈɡæwːez]) alternately translated as Wanna-B-A-Bride or literally: I Want to Get Married is the title of a popular Egyptian book based on a blog of the same name about the several (failed) marriage proposals the author Ghada Abd El-Aal has gone through. The book was published by the Egyptian printing house Shorouk in 2008.
 Imprimatur is the title of an Italian novel written by Rita Monaldi and Francesco Sorti. The book was published in 2002 in Italy after which it was published in various other countries. The novel became a large success; in Europe alone over 250000 copies were sold.
 Bashkortostan (Bashkir: Башҡортостан) is a leading Bashkir-language newspaper published in Ufa named after the republic of Bashkortostan within the Russian Federation. It provides a wide coverage of the social political and cultural events in the region.The paper is published five times a week (except Sundays and Mondays). Its circulation of 33000 is the largest among all Bashkir language printed publications.
 The Blue Star is a fantasy novel written by Fletcher Pratt the second of his two major fantasies. It was first published by Twayne Publishers in 1952 in the fantasy anthology Witches Three a volume that also included Fritz Leiber's Conjure Wife and James Blish's There Shall Be No Darkness. Its first publication as a stand-alone novel was in paperback by Ballantine Books in May 1969 as the inaugural volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series.
 Bulletin of Insectology (2012 impact factor: 0.375 in entomology category – ISSN 1721-8861) is a scientific journal of entomology and publishes original articles mainly on morphology biology behaviour and physiology of insects and other arthropods; control of insects mites and other arthropod pests with particular reference to biocontrol and integrated pest management.
 032c magazine is an English-language bi-annual contemporary culture magazine that covers art fashion and politics. The magazine is published in Berlin. The publication's name refers to a Pantone color code; in the Pantone Matching System 032c refers to a bold red. The magazine was founded in Berlin in 2000 by Joerg Koch and Sandra von Mayer-Myrtenhain who invite both leading and emerging creatives to collaborate around a single theme for each issue.
 Ecstasy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance is a collection of three novellas by Irvine Welsh.
 The Kennel Murder Case is a 1933 murder mystery novel written by S. S. Van Dine with fictional detective Philo Vance investigating a complex locked room mystery.
 The Battlefield Where The Moon Says I Love You is a 15283-line epic poem by the poet Frank Stanford.
 Ray the Animation is a science fiction anime television series based on a manga by Yoshitomi Akihito. It ran from April 6 2006 through June 29 2006.
 First for Women is a woman's magazine published by Bauer Media Group in the USA. It was started in 1989 and has a circulation of 1.3 million.
 Reiko the Zombie Shop (ゾンビ屋 れい子 Zombie-ya Reiko) is a Japanese manga series by Rei Mikamoto chronicling the exploits of Reiko Himezono a teenage zombie shop or a ...necromancer-for-hire employed by bereaved families to resurrect departed loved ones for a short time so that the dead may impart their final truths to the living. Eleven tankoubon have been released by Bunkasha Comics. Six volumes have been released in English by Dark Horse Comics translated by Michael Gombos.
 Hulk: The End is a one-shot comic book published by Marvel Comics. Written by Peter David pencilled by Dale Keown and inked by Joe Weems the story depicts a possible future for the Hulk like all of the other The End stories.
 Pilcrow is a novel by Adam Mars-Jones first published in 2008 by Faber.
 A Young Man with Prospects is a story by Orson Scott Card set in his Ender's Game universe. It tells the story of how Alessandra and Dorabella Toscano end up colonizing one of the former formic worlds. It appears in Card's Webzine InterGalactic Medicine Show.
 Ecotopia: The Notebooks and Reports of William Weston is a seminal utopian novel by Ernest Callenbach published in 1975. The society described in the book is one of the first ecological utopias and was influential on the counterculture and the green movement in the 1970s and thereafter. The author himself claimed that the society he depicted in the book is not a true utopia (in the sense of a perfect society) but while guided by societal intentions and values was imperfect and in-process.
 Organization & Environment (O&E) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of sustainability management policy and related social science. The editors-in-chief are J. Alberto Aragon-Correa (University of Granada) and Mark Starik (San Francisco State University). The journal was established in 1987 and is published by Sage Publications; it is sponsored by the Group of Research on Organizations and the Natural Environment (GRONEN).
 Fire on the Water is the second installment in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever. It is the installment where Lone Wolf receives the legendary Sommerswerd.
 Back in Black is the fifth novel in the A-List series by Zoey Dean. It was released in 2005 through Megan Tingley Publishers.
 What's Up is an alternative weekly newspaper circulated every Wednesday in El Paso Texas Ciudad Juárez México and nearby Las Cruces New Mexico. The publication is a member of the Alternative Weekly Network. What's Up prints 30000 issues and distributes every Wednesday at various locations throughout the region such as local restaurants cafés bars youth centers and retail stores.
 A Glimpse of Tiger is a 1971 novel by Herman Raucher. It was his first original novel; his previous (and first) novel Summer of '42 was based on his own screenplay of the same name and written at the request of Warner Bros. as a means of promoting the film. It tells the story of Tiger and Luther a pair of young Bohemian con artists living together in an apartment in New York City in 1971.
 The Methods of Ethics is a book on utilitarianism first published in 1874 by the English philosopher Henry Sidgwick. The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy indicates that The Methods of Ethics in many ways marked the culmination of the classical utilitarian tradition. Noted moral and political philosopher John Rawls writing in the Forward to the Hackett reprint of the 7th editionsays Methods of Ethics is the clearest and most accessible formulation of ...
 Pastime is the 18th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker. The story follows Boston-based PI Spenser as he attempts to find a man's missing mother.
 The Last Book of Wonder originally published as Tales of Wonder is the tenth book and sixth original short story collection of Irish fantasy writer Lord Dunsany considered a major influence on the work of J. R. R. Tolkien H. P. Lovecraft Ursula K. Le Guin and others.
 Inhalation Toxicology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes review articles on the mechanisms responses and assessments of toxins. It is published by Informa. The editor in chief is Donald E. Gardner. Inhalation Toxicology publishes 14 issues per year in simultaneous print and online editions.According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2012 impact factor is 1.894 ranking it 58th out of 85 journals in the category Toxicology.
 Silent Honor is a novel written by Danielle Steel published in 1996. The plot follows Hiroko an eighteen-year-old who leaves Japan to live with her uncle in California United States after making a difficult decision based on her needs and her mothers beliefs. However when Pearl Harbor is bombed she becomes an enemy in the American community. The book was published by Delacorte Press.
 Nowhere Man is a novel by Aleksandar Hemon published in 2002 and named after the Beatles song Nowhere Man. The novel (subtitled The Pronek Fantasies) centers around the character of Jozef Pronek a Bosnian refugee who was already the subject of Hemon's novella Blind Jozef Pronek & Dead Souls published in his short story collection The Question of Bruno (2000).
 Computerra (Russian: Компьюте́рра) was a Russian computer weekly publication. The first edition was released on December 21 1992 and was published by C&C Computer Publishing Limited (Computerra Publishing House).
 Freddy and Simon the Dictator (1956) is the 24th book in the generally humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. It tells how animals in New York State rebel against humans destroying property and taking control of farms. At the same time Freddy’s friend Mr. Camphor is pressured into running for governor.
 The Hundredfold Problem is a science fiction novel written by John Grant. The original version published by Virgin Books in 1994 was based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd. A new edition was published in 2003 by BeWrite Books in which all references to Judge Dredd had been removed and the lead character was a police officer called Dave Knuckle.
 Smarakasilakal (Malayalam: സ്മാരകശിലകൾ English: Memorial Stones) is a Malayalam novel written by Punathil Kunjabdulla in 1977. The story of the novel is woven around a mosque and its surroundings. The key figure is Khan Bahadur Pookkoya Thangal of the rich Arakkal family whose character is a rare mixture of dignity benevolence and insatiable lust.Smarakasilakal is widely regarded as the author's masterpiece.
 Autumn in Peking (French: L'Automne à Pékin) is a 1947 novel by the French writer Boris Vian. The French critic Bruno Maillé has described it as a surrealist novel something the surrealists themselves ardently denied.
 Ethics & International Affairs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering ethical aspects of international relations. It was established in 1987 and is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs. Topics covered in the journal range from global justice democratization and international law to human rights and women's rights. The current editors-in-chief are Joel H.
 Team Medical Dragon (Japanese: 医龍 Hepburn: Iryū) is a seinen manga about Japanese medical care written by Akira Nagai with illustrations by Taro Nogizaka and medical supervision by Mie Yoshinuma. The series was published in Big Comic Superior between 2002 and 2011. It was adapted into a live action series.
 I Don't Want To Blow You Up! is an educational coloring book by Ricardo Cortés and F. Bowman Hastie III. The book explains to children that people having different looks or different-sounding names does not mean they are terrorists (i.e. having the intention of blowing the reader up). I Don't Want To Blow You Up! depicts thirteen people (eleven real two fictional) with biographical information and a declaration that they do not want to blow up the reader.
 Brittle Power: Energy Strategy for National Security is a 1982 book by Amory B. Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins prepared originally as a Pentagon study and re-released in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. The book argues that U.S. domestic energy infrastructure is very vulnerable to disruption by accident or malice often even more so than imported oil.
 The Vicar of Wakefield: A Tale. Supposed to be written by Himself is a novel by Irish writer Oliver Goldsmith. It was written from 1761 to 1762 and published in 1766. It was one of the most popular and widely read 18th-century novels among Victorians.
 The Archaeology of Knowledge (French: L'archéologie du savoir) is a 1969 book by the French philosopher Michel Foucault. It is a methodological and historiographical treatise promoting what Foucault calls archaeology or the archaeological method an analytical method he implicitly used in his previous works Madness and Civilization The Birth of the Clinic and The Order of Things.
 Below the Root is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Zilpha Keatley Snyder the first book in the Green Sky Trilogy. The 1984 videogame Below the Root is based on the book series.
 Headlong is a 1980 alternate history novel by Emlyn Williams.
 Natural History is a natural history magazine published in the United States. The stated mission of the magazine is to promote public understanding and appreciation of nature and science.
 International Socialism is a British-based quarterly journal published by the Socialist Workers Party which discusses socialist theory. It is currently edited by Alex Callinicos who took over after the death of Chris Harman in November 2009.The current journal is the second series following an earlier series which ran from 1960 to 1977 publishing a total of 104 issues.
 Merry Go Round in Oz (1963) is the fortieth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors. It was written by Eloise Jarvis McGraw and Lauren McGraw Wagner (her married name was dropped from reprinted editions after the marriage ended). It was illustrated by Dick Martin. Merry Go Round in Oz is the last of the Famous Forty and the last official Oz book. Reilly & Lee had refused many other authors including previous author Rachel R.
 Comparative Literature Studies is an academic journal in the field of comparative literature. It publishes essays ranging across the traditions of Africa Asia Europe and North and South America. Articles also explore movements themes forms the history of ideas relations between authors and the foundations of literary and cultural criticism and theory. Each issue includes reviews of significant books of literary criticism that fall under the rubric of comparative literature noted above.
 Question is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the March 1955 issue of Computers and Automation (thought to be the first computer magazine) and was reprinted in the April 30 1957 issue of Science World.
 The Black Coat is a controversial historical novel by Bangladeshi-Canadian author Neamat Imam.
 'The One That Got Away' is a 1995 book written under the pseudonym 'Chris Ryan' concerning the SAS patrol Bravo Two Zero which was dropped behind enemy lines in Iraq in 1991. The author was a member of the patrol and tells of his 8 day escape on foot to the Syrian border.
 A Monstrous Regiment of Women is the second book in the Mary Russell series of mystery novels by Laurie R. King.
 Vagabond (バガボンド Bagabondo) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takehiko Inoue. It portrays a fictionalized account of the life of Japanese swordsman Miyamoto Musashi based on Eiji Yoshikawa's novel Musashi.It has been serialized in Weekly Morning magazine since 1998 with the chapters collected into 36 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha as of October 2013. Viz Media licensed the series for English release in North America and has published 34 volumes.
 The Wounded Land is the first book of the second trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson.
 The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album is a 1991 book by Matt Groening that mimics a family album that the Simpsons television family would have. It includes family trees of the Bouvier (Marge Simpson's ancestors) and Simpson families. The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album was published by Harper Paperbacks. Reviews of the book from critics have noted that fans of The Simpsons should enjoy it.
 Uncanny Avengers is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in October 2012 with the launch of Marvel NOW!. The series centers on a superhero team of Avengers composed of classic members of both the Avengers and X-Men that came together following events of the Avengers vs. X-Men storyline. Within the Marvel Universe itself the team is officially named the Avengers Unity Squad.
 Simple Genius is a 2007 crime fiction novel by the American writer David Baldacci which topped the New York Times bestseller list for the week ending April 28 2007 Simple Genius was described by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette as simply entertaining. Simple Genius continues the story of the characters Michelle Maxwell and Sean King from its predecessors Split Second and Hour Game and combines themes such as quantum computers protective codes breaking those codes the CIA psychological demons and even buried treasure.
 Einstein Wrote Back is a memoir by Canadian physicist John Moffat which documents his encounters with various other famous physicists including Niels Bohr Albert Einstein Erwin Schrödinger Fred Hoyle Wolfgang Pauli Paul Dirac Abdus Salam and J. Robert Oppenheimer as well as his work at Imperial College London Princeton University CERN and the University of Toronto.
 Star-News is the daily newspaper for Wilmington North Carolina and its surrounding area (known as the Lower Cape Fear). It is North Carolina's oldest newspaper in continuous publication. It is owned by Halifax Media Group.The Star-News has a circulation of 41300 daily (47400 Sunday) and covers a three-county region in Southeastern North Carolina: New Hanover Brunswick and Pender.
 Childhood's End is a 1953 science fiction novel by the British author Arthur C. Clarke. The story follows the peaceful alien invasion of Earth by the mysterious Overlords whose arrival begins decades of apparent utopia under indirect alien rule at the cost of human identity and culture.Clarke's idea for the book began with his short story Guardian Angel (1946) which he expanded into a novel in 1952 incorporating it as the first part of the book Earth and the Overlords.
 A Fórmula de Deus (God's Formula) in English The Einstein Enigma is the fourth novel written by the Portuguese journalist and writer José Rodrigues dos Santos published in 2006 in Portugal. It was the best-selling novel in Portugal in 2006 selling 100000 copies.The novel narrates a quest for the scientific proof of the existence of god by a Portuguese professor Tomás Noronha based on a formula developed by Einstein himself.
 Jungle West 11 is a 1964 book by Majbritt Morrison. The book was published through Tandem Books and focused on Morrison's life and her account of the Notting Hill race riots specifically her attack on Blechynden Street.The book has seen multiple publications and was re-published in the Netherlands in 2008 44 years after its first printing in 1964.
 Born Confused is a 2002 young-adult novel by Tanuja Desai Hidier about an Indian-American girl growing up in New Jersey. First published in the United Kingdom on October 1 2002 it was later released in the United States on July 1 2003.Hidier wrote Born Confused in 2000/2001 drawing largely from autobiography. She said in 2006:I hadn't read any books I could recall with a South Asian American teen protagonist [before I wrote mine] ...
 The Journal of Asthma & Allergy Educators is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the fields of pulmonary disorders and allergy especially asthma allergy management and patient education. The editor-in-chief is Concettina Tolomeo (Yale School of Medicine). The journal was established in 2010 and published through 2013 by SAGE Publications in association with the Association of Asthma Educators. The journal ceased publication after the 2013 volume.
 Dollars & Sense is a magazine focusing on economics from a progressive perspective published by Dollars & Sense Inc which also publishes textbooks in the same genre.
 Fotografiks is a book by David Carson published in 1999.
 Kalom (Bengali: কলম) is an Indian Bengali language daily newspaper published in Kolkata by the Kalom Welfare Association. At present its editor is Ahmed Hassan Imran who is presently a Rajya Sabha MP from West Bengal with support from Trinamool Congress Congress and Communist Party of India (Marxist).
 Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing is a children's novel written by Judy Blume in 1972. It is the first of the Fudge books and was followed by Superfudge Fudge-a-Mania and most recently by Double Fudge. Although Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great features many of the same characters as the series it does not fit exactly in the continuity of it because it only focuses on Peter's classmate (who later becomes his cousin) Sheila Tubman.
 Vikings Campaign Sourcebook is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Trainsong is the title of the second semi-autobiographical work by the late Jan Kerouac the only child of American Beat Generation author Jack Kerouac. It was first published in 1988 by Henry Holt and Company of New York.It covers the period of the author's life between approximately 1974 and 1984.
 Or All the Seas with Oysters is a science fiction short story by Avram Davidson. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1958.
 Propeller Island (French: L'Île à hélice) (also published as The Floating Island or The Pearl of the Pacific) is a science fiction novel by French author Jules Verne (1828–1905). It was first published in 1895 as part of the Voyages Extraordinaires. It relates the adventures of a French string quartet in Milliard City a city on a massive ship in the Pacific Ocean inhabited entirely by millionaires.
 The Story of Tracy Beaker is a British children's book first published in 1991 written by Jacqueline Wilson and illustrated by Nick Sharratt.
 Strike Witches (ストライクウィッチーズ Sutoraiku Witchīzu) is a mixed-media project originally created by Humikane Shimada via a series of magazine illustration columns. It was later adapted into two light novel series three manga series an anime OVA a televised anime series and various video games. The story revolves around teenage girls who use machines equipped to their legs to do aerial combat. The OVA preview episode was released on January 1 2007.
 Chicago (Arabic: شيكاغو‎ Shīkājū) is a novel by Egyptian author Alaa-Al-Aswany.Published in Arabic in 2007 and in an English translation in 2007.The locale of the Novel is University of Illinois at Chicago where the writer did his postgraduate studies. The novel is about the conflict between politics sex and money.
 The Day of Doom was a religious poem by clergyman Michael Wigglesworth that became a best-selling classic in Puritan New England for a century after it was published in 1662. The poem describes the Day of Judgment in which a vengeful God sentences sinners (including by Puritan theology unbaptized infants) to punishment in hell. It was so popular that the early editions were thumbed to shreds. No first editions are known to exist.
 Herakles' Children (Ancient Greek: Ἡρακλεῖδαι Hērakleidai; also translated as Children of Herakles and Heracleidae) is an Athenian tragedy by Euripides that was first performed c. 430 BC. It follows the children of Herakles (known as the Heracleidae) as they seek protection from Eurystheus. It is the first of two surviving tragedies by Euripides where the children of Herakles are suppliants (the second being Herakles).
 Rewriting the Soul is a 1995 book by the Canadian philosopher Ian Hacking who offers an account of the formative influences that shape people’s understandings of their lives and their understanding of the lives of those around them.
 The Cold Moon is a crime thriller novel written by Jeffery Deaver. It is the seventh book in the Lincoln Rhyme series and also introduces CBI agent Kathryn Dance who would get her own series of books.It's the night of the full Cold Moon—the month of December according to the lunar calendar. A young man is found dead in lower Manhattan the first in a series of victims of a man calling himself the Watchmaker.
 Mind & Language is a peer-reviewed academic journal published five times a year by Wiley-Blackwell. It covers research in the study of mind and language primarily from the fields of linguistics philosophy psychology artificial intelligence and cognitive anthropology. The editor-in-chief is Samuel Guttenplan.
 The San Francisco Bay Guardian (also known as The SF Bay Guardian Bay Guardian and the Guardian) is a free alternative newspaper published weekly in San Francisco California. It was founded in 1966 by Bruce B. Brugmann and his wife Jean Dibble.The Bay Guardian is known for reporting celebrating and promoting left-wing and progressive issues within San Francisco and (albeit rarely) around the San Francisco Bay Area as a whole.
 Freud: A Life for Our Time is a 1988 biography of Austrian neurologist Sigmund Freud by historian Peter Gay who draws on new material that has become available since the publication of Ernest Jones' The Life and Work of Sigmund Freud. It has been widely translated.
 For other uses see Al-WatanAl-Watan (Arabic: الوطن‎ meaning The Homeland) is a Syrian Arabic language daily newspaper published in Syria.
 The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl is a 1991 short story collection for adults by Roald Dahl.The collection contains many of Dahl's stories seen in the television series Tales of the Unexpected. Containing macabre malevolence the collection includes Switch Bitch Kiss Kiss Someone Like You Twenty-Nine Kisses from Roald Dahl and Ah Sweet Mystery of Life: The Country Stories of Roald Dahl.
 Shattered Angels (京四郎と永遠の空 Kyōshirō to Towa no Sora lit. Kyoshiro and the Eternal Sky) is a Japanese manga created by Kaishaku which was first serialized in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age in May 2006. A 12-episode anime adapted from the manga aired in Japan from January 5 to March 23 2007. The series refers to several of Kaishaku's past works: Kannazuki no Miko Magical Nyan Nyan Taruto UFO Ultramaiden Valkyrie and (most notably) Steel Angel Kurumi.
 Chemometrics and Intelligent Laboratory Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal sponsored by the Chemometrics Society and published since 1986 by Elsevier. The current editor-in-chief is R. Tauler (Barcelona Spain).
 Take Me Out is a 2002 play by American playwright Richard Greenberg originally staged by Donmar Warehouse London with The Public Theater. It premiered Off-Broadway on September 5 2002 at the Joseph Papp Public Theater and made its Broadway debut on February 27 2003 at the Walter Kerr Theatre where it ran 355 performances. It won the 2003 Tony Award for Best Play.
 New Finnish Grammar (Italian: Nuova grammatica finlandese) is a 2000 novel by the Italian writer Diego Marani. It was translated from the Italian by Judith Landry and published by Dedalus Books in 2011. In Italy the book won the Grinzane Cavour Prize in 2001.
 Sons of Destiny is the twelfth and final book in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan.
 FourFourTwo is a football magazine published by Haymarket. Published monthly costing £4.50 and at about 164 pages long it published its 200th edition in February 2011.
 Pangur Bán is an Old Irish poem written about the 9th century at or around Reichenau Abbey. It was written by an Irish monk and is about his cat. Pangur Bán white Pangur is the cat's name. Although the poem is anonymous it bears similarities to the poetry of Sedulius Scottus prompting speculation that Sedulius is the author. In 8 verses of four lines the author compares the cat's activities with his own scholarly pursuits.The poem is preserved in the Reichenau Primer (Stift St.
 Diplomatic History is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the foreign relations history of the United States. It is the official journal of the Society for Historians of American Foreign Relations and is published by Oxford University Press. The journal was established in 1977 and the editor-in-chief is Thomas W. Zeller (University of Colorado Boulder). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.254.
 Neon Genesis Evangelion: Angelic Days (新世紀エヴァンゲリオン 鋼鉄のガールフレンド2nd Shin Seiki Evangelion Kōtetsu no Gārufurendo 2nd) is a manga by Fumino Hayashi based on an original story by Gainax.
 Mokra is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Civil Law Commentaries is an open access publication of the Eason-Weinmann Center for Comparative Law at the Tulane University Law School. It is published online annually and a student-edited publication dedicated to the study of the Louisiana Civil Code and the state's long civilian tradition.Civil Law Commentaries publishes articles by law professors judges attorneys and students on private law and comparative law topics favoring those related to Louisiana law and legal history.
 Tangsir (also transliterated as Tangseer in Persian: تنگسیر) is a Persian novel written by Iranian writer Sadeq Chubak. Tangsir was his first novel and in it he details the valorous acts of the fighters of Tangestan (a region near Bushehr province). In the novel disappointed by social injustice the protagonist “Zar Mohammad” takes justice in his own hands and fights the social wickedness.
 Superman: The Feral Man of Steel (Superman Annual #6) is a DC Comics Elseworlds special published in 1994. Written by Darren Vincenzo pencilled by Frank Fosco and inked by Stan Woch.In 19th century India Kal-El is raised by wolves. The story is loosely based on Rudyard Kipling's Mowgli stories with added elements of Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan novels.
 Vampireology: The True History of the Fallen Ones is a fantasy book about vampires created and published by Templar Publishing in the United Kingdom on May 11 2010. It was published by Candlewick Press in the United States under the title Vampireology: The True History of the Fallen. The book is marketed as having been written by vampire-slayer Archibald Brooks and is the ninth book in the Ologies series. It has sold over 16 million copies worldwide.
 The Girl from the Marsh Croft (Swedish: Tösen från Stormyrtorpet) is a 1908 novella by the Swedish writer Selma Lagerlöf. The story has been adapted numerous times for film.
 Erec is the first poem of Hartmann von Aue and is considered the founding work of Arthurian Legend in German. It is based on Chrétien de Troyes' first romance Erec and Enide.
 The Cowardly Lion of Oz (1923) is the seventeenth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the third written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was illustrated by John R. Neill.
 Photo Bits was a British softcore pornography weekly magazine published from 9 July 1898 until 9 December 1914. It was mentioned in James Joyce's Ulysses. The magazine was long targeted by hostile forces concerned about social purity. The editor of the magazine faced arrest and prosecution. The magazine was later renamed Bits of Fun. Photo Bits was completely different from other magazines or papers of that time and was classified as a comic paper in contemporary press directories.
 Bush at War is a 2002 book by Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward recounting President George W. Bush's responses to the September 11 attacks and his administration's handling of the subsequent War in Afghanistan.Much of the book recounts events in meetings of the United States National Security Council (NSC) with the major players in the story aside from the President Dick Cheney Colin Powell George Tenet and Condoleezza Rice.
 Delhi Gadhakal (Tales from Delhi) is a Malayalam language novel by M. Mukundan. It was first published as a book by D. C. Books in November 2011. The novel portrays the various events that greatly influenced the author's life during the 40 years spent in New Delhi since 1962. The novel has as protagonist a leftist Kerala youth named Sahadevan who had the shock of his life when he landed in Delhi to hear the news of Chinese attack on India.It took three years for Mukundan to finish the novel.
 China's Best Actor: Wen Jiabao (Chinese: 中国影帝温家宝) is a book published by Chinese dissident author Yu Jie on August 16 in Hong Kong. The book is a scathing critique of China's premier Wen Jiabao arguing that Wen's warm empathic public persona was simply a facade and that he shared the same goals of other Chinese leaders. It includes sections such as How the myth of Wen Jiabao was created? and Skeptical view of online conversation between Wen Jiabao and netizens.
 The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus is a 1902 children's book written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by Mary Cowles Clark.
 The Faraway Drums is a 1981 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about an American journalist and British intelligence officer who try to stop the assassination of King George V at the 1911 Delhi Durbar. Film rights were sold but abandoned after it was realised how much an adaptation would cost.
 The South Texan is the weekly student newspaper of Texas A&M University-Kingsville. The newspaper was founded in 1925 to provide students with knowledge and experience in print media while offering relevant news to the university campus. It is run entirely by students at Texas A&M University-Kingsville with limited oversight by a faculty advisor.
 The Scientific World Journal (formerly The ScientificWorldJournal) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering fields in the life sciences ranging from biomedicine to environmental sciences and its primary audience are researchers working in these fields.
 Criminal Justice and Behavior is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the fields of psychology and criminology. The editor-in-chief is Curt R. Bartol. It was established in 1974 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the American Association for Correctional and Forensic Psychologists and the International Association for Correctional and Forensic Psychology.
 Aboriginal History is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Aboriginal History. It was established in 1977 (co-founded and edited by Diane Barwick) and covers interdisciplinary historical studies in the field of the interactions between Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and non-indigenous peoples. the Journal has been described as ...
 The IEEE Annals of the History of Computing is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the IEEE Computer Society. It covers the history of computing computer science and computer hardware.The journal was established in July 1979 with Bernard Galler as editor-in-chief. The journal became an IEEE publication in 1992.The journal publishes scholarly articles interviews and memoirs by computer pioneers and news and events in the field.
 Star Trek: Vanguard is a series of Star Trek books set during the time period of the original television series. It consists of seven novels one novella collection and one eBook.A Star Trek: S.C.E. eBook Distant Early Warning also acts as a prequel to the Vanguard storyline.
 The Impossible Virgin is the title of the fifth novel chronicling the adventures of crime lord-turned-secret agent Modesty Blaise. The novel was published in 1971 and was written by Peter O'Donnell who had created the character for a comic strip in the early 1960s. The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Souvenir Press.The Impossible Virgin of the book's title refers to the name given by the local natives to a special geographic formation encountered during the adventure.
 Remix: Making Art and Commerce Thrive in the Hybrid Economy is Lawrence Lessig's fifth book. It is available as a free download under a Creative Commons license. It details a hypothesis about the societal effect of the Internet and how this will affect production and consumption of popular culture.
 Vogue China is the Chinese edition of Vogue magazine. The magazine carries a mixture of foreign and local content.Vogue China became the sixteenth edition of Vogue when its first issue was released for September 2005; its debut had been in the works for over two years. The magazine's first cover featured Australian model Gemma Ward alongside Chinese models Du Juan Wang Wenqin Tong Chenjie Liu Dan and Ni Mingxi.
 The Garden of Evening Mists is the second novel by Malaysian novelist Tan Twan Eng published in January 2012. The protagonist of the novel is the judge Yun Ling Teoh who was a Japanese prisoner during World War II and later served as an apprentice of a Japanese gardener. As the story begins she is trying to make sense of her life and experiences.
 Spare Rib was a second-wave feminist magazine in the United Kingdom that emerged from the counter culture of the late 1960s as a consequence of meetings involving amongst others Rosie Boycott and Marsha Rowe.
 Collected Poems is an illustrated collection of poems by H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1963 by Arkham House in an edition of 2013 copies. The editor August Derleth in his foreword stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft's poetry as well as the second-best and even his earlier work.
 The Oracle the University of South Florida's (USF) student-run newspaper made history when its premier issue was published September 6 1966. It was the first college newspaper in the United States to feature full color photographs on the front page of each issue according to the Associated Collegiate Press (ACP).
 Denpa teki na Kanojo (電波的な彼女) is a Japanese light novel series by Kentarō Katayama with illustrations by Yamato Yamamoto. In 2009 a two-episode[citation needed] OVA adaptation was exclusively bundled with the pre-order editions of Kure-nai DVD volumes 3 and 4. Kure-nai is another anime by the same author. Under the title Denpa Biyori (電波日和) the first story in the series won an honorable mention at the Super Dash Novel Rookie of the Year Awards in 2003.
 Oedipus at Colonus (also Oedipus Coloneus Ancient Greek: Οἰδίπους ἐπὶ Κολωνῷ Oidipous epi Kolōnō) is one of the three Theban plays of the Athenian tragedian Sophocles.
 Rainbow Mars is a science fiction short story collection by Larry Niven. It includes the five previously published Svetz stories and the eponymous main title novella in which humans from Earth visit Mars and find it populated by the creations of Edgar Rice Burroughs Ray Bradbury C. S. Lewis H. G. Wells and Stanley G. Weinbaum. This means that Mars is inhabited by several different intelligent species and cultures.
 The Ill-Made Mute is a fantasy novel written by Australian author Cecilia Dart-Thornton. It was first published in 2001 and it was the first in the Bitterbynde Trilogy. The two other books are The Lady of Sorrows and The Battle of Evernight.
 Early Music History is a peer-reviewed academic journal published annually by Cambridge University Press which specialises in the study of music from the early Middle Ages to the end of the 17th century. It was established in 1981 and is edited by Iain Fenlon.
 I Served the King of England (Czech: Obsluhoval jsem anglického krále) is a novel by the Czechoslovak writer Bohumil Hrabal. The story is set in Prague in the 1940s during Nazi occupation and early communism and follows a young man who alternately gets into trouble and has successes. Hrabal wrote the book during a period of censorship in the early 70s. It began circulating in 1971 and was formally published in 1983.
 An Imaginary Life is a 1978 novella written by David Malouf.It tells the story of the Roman poet Ovid during his exile in Tomis.Whilst there Ovid lives with the natives although he doesn't understand their language and forms a bond with a wild boy who is found after having been brought up by wolves.
 The Zeitschrift für die Alttestamentliche Wissenschaft (ZATW/ZAW) is an academic German journal established in 1881. It is concerned with theological linguistic and historical criticism of the Old Testament. Formerly it represented a strictly Protestant point of view. At the present time it is more ecumenical also representing Catholic and Jewish points of view. Its first editor was Bernhard Stade.
 Hanayamata (ハナヤマタ) is a Japanese manga series by Sou Hamayumiba serialized in Houbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Forward since 2011. It has been collected in four tankōbon volumes as of January 2014. An anime television series adaptation by Madhouse has been announced and is scheduled to air from July 2014.
 The Risen Empire is a science fiction novel by Scott Westerfeld.
 Sky Pirates of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the third in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in January 1973 and reprinted twice through April 1974. The first British edition was published by Orbit Books in 1975. It includes an appendix (Glossary of Characters in the Callisto Books) collating background information from this and previous volumes.
 Killing Hope: U.S. Military and C.I.A. Interventions since World War II is a history book on covert CIA operations and United States military interventions during the second half of the 20th century. It was written by former State Department employee William Blum. The book takes a strongly critical view of American foreign policy.The book covers various US foreign policy ventures from just after World War II onward.
 Daddy's Girls is the 2006 debut novel by Tasmina Perry. The Independent described the novel as a Shirley Conranesque retro romp. The novel follows four glamorous daughters whose father is murdered.
 The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg is a piece of short fiction by Mark Twain. It first appeared in Harper's Monthly in December 1899 and was subsequently published by Harper & Brothers in the collection The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg and Other Stories and Sketches (1900). Twain actually encouraged it to be read as a replay of the Garden of Eden story in a satiric sense.
 The Journal of Manual & Manipulative Therapy is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of orthopaedic manual therapy including clinical research therapeutic practice and academic training. It is the official journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Manual Physical Therapists the Australian Association of Orthopaedic Manipulative Therapists the New Zealand Manipulative Physiotherapists Association and the Canadian Academy of Manipulative Therapy.
 The Daily Express is a daily national middle market tabloid newspaper in the United Kingdom. It is the flagship title of Express Newspapers a subsidiary of Northern & Shell (itself wholly owned by Richard Desmond). In March 2014 it had an average daily circulation of 488246.Express Newspapers currently also publishes the Sunday Express (launched in 1918) Daily Star and Daily Star Sunday.
 Blokhedz is an independent comic book/graphic novel series created by the Madtwiinz Mark and Mike Davis. Since the release of Issue #1 in 2004 the 4-book comic series has developed a small but dedicated underground fanbase. It is characterized by a gritty style and its unflinching look at the harsh realities of inner city life.In February 2009 the creators announced a partnership with Gatorade to create an animated web-series for Blokhedz.
 The Histories (Greek: Ἱστορίαι; also known as The History) of Herodotus is now considered as the founding work of history in Western literature. Written from the 450s to the 420s BC in the Ionic dialect of classical Greek The Histories serves as a record of the ancient traditions politics geography and clashes of various cultures that were known in Western Asia Northern Africa and Greece at that time.
 King Javan's Year is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1992. It was the eleventh of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the second book in her fourth Deryni trilogy The Heirs of Saint Camber. Although the Heirs trilogy was the fourth Deryni series to be published it is a direct sequel to the second trilogy The Legends of Camber of Culdi.
 Runcible Jones: The Buried City is the second novel of the Runcible Jones Quintet featuring the magical adventures of Runcible Jones and his fey friend Mariam Orpiment written by the author Ian Irvine.
 Mother Earth is a science fiction novelette by Isaac Asimov. It was written from September 1 to October 10 1948 and published in the May 1949 issue of Astounding Science Fiction. It is considered part of the Robot series and was republished in Asimov's 1972 short story collection The Early Asimov.
 Disease Models & Mechanisms (DMM) is a peer-reviewed Open Access biomedical journal focusing on the use of model organisms to provide insight into the mechanisms diagnosis and treatment of human disease. The journal publishes original research and review articles and aims to promote communication between basic researchers translational researchers and clinicians.
 The Enchanter Completed: A Tribute Anthology for L. Sprague de Camp is a 2005 gedenkschrift honoring science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp in the form of an anthology of short stories edited by Harry Turtledove. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books. All but one of the pieces are original to the anthology; the remaining one Frederik Pohl's The Deadly Mission of P.
 Vox was a British music magazine first issued in October 1990. It was published by IPC Media and was later billed as a monthly sister-magazine to IPC's music weekly the NME.Although Vox was seen as IPC's response to EMAP's Q magazine it was unable to match the circulation figures generated by Q in the 1990s.
 The Life and Times of Multivac is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the 5 January 1975 issue of The New York Times Magazine and was reprinted in the collections The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories and The Best of Creative Computing in 1976. It is one of a loosely connected series of stories concerning a fictional supercomputer called Multivac.
 In the Lake of the Woods (1994) is a novel by the American author Tim O'Brien. Related to issues of the Vietnam War theme In the Lake of the Woods follows the struggle of John Wade to deal with a recently failed campaign for the United States Senate. After moving to Lake of the Woods Minnesota John discovers one morning that his wife Kathy is missing.
 Currentweek is an English-language online news magazine in India. Current Week provides information on various topics like Technology. Health Current Affairs Sports Environment Space Politics etc
 The Twelve Little Cakes (2004) is a memoir by Czech author Dominika Dery. It tells stories from Dery's life that take place from before her conception up until her late childhood as well as detailing life in an Eastern bloc country.Dery was born in 1975 in Černošice a village just outside of Prague in then-Czechoslovakia. Her mother Jana had decided to conceive another child after dreaming about a little girl.
 Star Island is a 2010 novel by Carl Hiaasen released on Tuesday July 27 2010.The novel takes its name from Star Island in Miami Beach Florida where part of the story takes place.
 Vengeance is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: The original evil is after Angel's soul.
 Birdy the Mighty (鉄腕バーディー Tetsuwan Bādī) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masami Yuki. His initial work on the series was quickly abandoned but it was made into an anime which was produced and on the last episode scripted by Yoshiaki Kawajiri who is known for anime titles such as Vampire Hunter D and Ninja Scroll. The character designer and animation director for the series was Kumiko Takahashi.
 For the self-proclaimed Emperor of the United States see Emperor NortonEmperor of America is a novel by Richard Condon. It is a satire about an Imperial Presidency poking fun at Ronald Reagan.
 The Mindanao Standard is published since 1984 with editorial and business office at 15-3 Magallanes St. Davao City.
 Gramophone is a magazine published monthly in London devoted to classical music particularly recordings. It was founded in 1923 by the Scottish author Compton Mackenzie. It was acquired by Haymarket in 1999 and by the Mark Allen Group in 2013.The magazine presents the Gramophone Awards each year to the classical recordings which it considers the finest in a variety of categories.
 El Economista (The Economist in English) is a Spanish daily newspaper which focuses on economical financial and business affairs. The daily is headquartered in Madrid Spain.
 The Los Gatos Daily News now called the Los Gatos News was a free newspaper in Los Gatos California published 3 days a week. The newspaper was founded May 15 2002 by Dave Price (journalist) and Jim Pavelich who also published the Palo Alto Daily News. Both papers were distributed in newspaper racks and in stores coffee shops restaurants schools and major workplaces. The Los Gatos News along with five other editions was sold to Knight Ridder on Feb.
 Groznensky Rabochy was a Russian weekly newspaper based in Grozny Chechnya from 1917 to 1992 and from 1994 to 2001.
 The Medusa Touch is a 1973 novel by Peter Van Greenaway which was adapted fairly faithfully into a feature film in 1978.The novel tells the story of a radically disenchanted novelist with highly destructive telekinetic powers. Its dialogue was described in Kim Newman's book Nightmare Movies (1988) as incredibly misanthropic.
 The White Tiger is a novel by Robert Stuart Nathan first published in 1987. The story takes place in China after the rule of Mao Zedong. The book is divided into four parts the titles of which are Chinese proverbs.
 Mattimeo is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1989. It is the third book in the Redwall series. It is also one of the three Redwall books to be made into a TV show.
 A Satire of the Three Estates (Middle Scots: Ane Pleasant Satyre of the Thrie Estaitis) is a satirical morality play in Middle Scots written by makar Sir David Lyndsay. The complete play was first performed outside in the playing field at Cupar Fife in June 1552 during the Midsummer holiday where the action took place under Castle Hill. It was subsequently performed in Edinburgh also outdoors in 1554.
 The Journal of Labor Economics is an academic journal published quarterly by the University of Chicago Press on international research examining issues affecting the economy as well as social and private behavior. It covers various aspects of labor economics including supply and demand of labor services personnel economics distribution of income unions and collective bargaining and labor markets and demographics.
 The Fantastic Swordsmen is a 1967 anthology of fantasy short stories in the sword and sorcery subgenre edited by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in paperback by Pyramid Books. It was the third such anthology assembled by de Camp following his earlier Swords and Sorcery (1963) and The Spell of Seven (1965). It has also been translated into German.The book collects eight sword and sorcery tales by various authors with an overall introduction by de Camp.
 Dictionary of the Khazars: A Lexicon Novel (Serbian: Хазарски речник / Hazarski rečnik) is the first novel by Serbian writer Milorad Pavić published in 1984. Originally written in Serbian the novel has been translated into many languages.
 Stand-up Comedy: The Book (1989) is a how to book on making people laugh and its the first book by comedian Judy Carter. According to the cover the book contains. The funny test. How to turn your anxieties into a killer act. How to make your sense of humor pay off. Secrets from the stars of comedy.
 A Predicament is a humorous short story by Edgar Allan Poe usually combined with its companion piece How to Write a Blackwood Article. It was originally titled The Scythe of Time.
 Pokémon Adventures originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters: Special (ポケットモンスター SPECIAL Poketto Monsutā Supesharu) is a Pokémon-related manga based on the video games.
 The Killing of Tupac Shakur is a biographical and true-crime account by American journalist and author Cathy Scott of the 1996 murder of rapper Tupac Shakur. The book made news upon its September 1997 release on the first anniversary of Shakur's death because of an autopsy photo included in its pages. It was the first book to be released covering the rapper's death. The book was reprinted in the UK by Plexus Publishing and in Poland by Kagra.
 The News Post Leader is a British weekly freesheet that covers the North-east county of Northumberland including the towns of Cramlington Ashington Bedlington and Blyth. While 99.4% of copies are delivered to houses for free on Thursday the paper itself may be bought from local shops for 55p. While south-east Northumberland is also covered by the Evening Chronicle the Leader does not usually run news about Tyneside.
 Tree of Smoke is a 2007 novel by American author Denis Johnson which won the National Book Award for Fiction and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize. It is about a man named Skip Sands who joins the CIA in 1965 and begins working in Vietnam during the American involvement there. The time frame of the novel is from 1963 to 1970 with a coda set in 1983.
 Once Upon a Time in the North a fantasy novella by Philip Pullman (first published on 3 April 2008 in the United Kingdom) functions as a prequel to Pullman's His Dark Materials trilogy. The premise of the story involves the meeting of Iorek Byrnison and Lee Scoresby — an incident originally expected to appear in The Book of Dust:I've just finished a short book which will be coming out next spring probably March or April in this country.
 The Springfield Daily News was a daily newspaper that was published independently in Springfield Massachusetts from 1911 to 1969 and then as a merged paper through 30 May 1987. From 1968 through 2007 it was published by Daily News Pub. Company.One of the more prominent journalists who worked on the Daily News was Brooks Atkinson who took a job with the newspaper after graduating from Harvard College.
 The IEEE Sensors Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on sensors and sensing phenomena. It is published monthly online and bi-monthly in print by the IEEE Sensors Council. The editor-in-chief is Krikor B. Ozanyan (University of Manchester). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.520.
 The Solitaire Mystery (Norwegian: Kabalmysteriet) is a 1990 fantasy novel by Jostein Gaarder the Norwegian author of the best-selling Sophie's World. Its main target audience is young adults but the themes of the book transcend any age group.The Solitaire Mystery as with Sophie's World has a philosophical content but unlike Sophie's World it does not explicitly mention philosophers and theories; thus readers of the book may be unaware that they are actually engaging in philosophy.
 The Blood of Others is a novel by the French existentialist Simone de Beauvoir first published in 1945 and depicting the lives of several characters in Paris leading up to and during the Second World War. The novel explores themes of freedom and responsibility.
 Little Lit is a comic book anthology series published by New Yorker art editor Françoise Mouly and Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist Art Spiegelman. The couple had collaborated previously on RAW in the 1980s. Little Lit featured work by some of RAW's most famous contributors as well as established children's book artists such as Maurice Sendak and Ian Falconer.
 The Prince of Tennis (テニスの王子様 Tenisu no Ōjisama) is a Japanese manga series about a tennis prodigy written and illustrated by Takeshi Konomi. The title is often shortened to TeniPuri (テニプリ) a portmanteau of the two parts in the Japanese pronunciation of the words Tennis Prince. The manga was first published in Japan in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump in July 1999 and ended publication on March 3 2008. A total of 379 chapters were serialized spanning 42 volumes.
 The Road to Dune is a science fiction companion book to the Dune novels by Frank Herbert Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson. The book was released in September 2005.
 Genetics and the Origin of Species is a 1937 book by the Ukrainian-American evolutionary biologist Theodosius Dobzhansky. It is regarded as one of the most important works of the modern evolutionary synthesis. The book popularized the work of population genetics to other biologists and influenced their appreciation for the genetic basis of evolution.
 The Long Christmas Ride Home is a one-act full-length play by American playwright Paula Vogel that was first performed in 2003. It dramatises a road trip by two parents and their three young children to visit grandparents for the Christmas holiday and the emotional turmoil that they undergo. A significant element of the production schema is a Western contemporary employment of bunraku an ancient form of Japanese puppetry.
 The Last Detective is a 2003 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the ninth in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole. It was a finalist for the Audie award.
 Shock Totem Publications (commonly referred to simply as Shock Totem) is an American small-press publisher specializing in dark fantasy and horror.
 Life Before Man is a novel by Canadian writer Margaret Atwood. It was first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1979 and was a finalist for the Governor General's Award.The novel has three principal characters: Nate Elizabeth and Lesje. Nate and Elizabeth are an unhappily married couple with both husband and wife involved in extramarital affairs.
 Thousand Cranes (千羽鶴 Senbazuru) is a 1952 novel by Japanese author Yasunari Kawabata. The novel is divided into five episodes: Thousand Cranes A Grove in the Evening Sun Figured Shino Her Mother's Lipstick and Double Star.
 Bihu Songs of Assam is a book athored by Prafulladutta Goswamil and published by Lawyers Book Stall in 1957. The book is a collection of 262 Bihu songs collected as early as 1921 which were first put into print in 1934. Although the songs are in English each song is later shown in original Assamese text.
 The House of Stairs is a 1988 novel by British writer Ruth Rendell published under the name Barbara Vine.
 The Dream Of Rome (2006) is a book by Boris Johnson in which he discusses how the Roman Empire achieved political and cultural unity in Europe and compares it to the failure of the European Union to do the same. It was made into a documentary for television by the BBC.
 Between Facts and Norms (German: Faktizität und Geltung) is a 1992 book on deliberative politics by the German political philosopher Jürgen Habermas. The culmination of the project that Habermas began with The Structural Transformation of the Public Sphere in 1962 it represents a lifetime of political thought on the nature of democracy and law.
 Hatter's Castle (1931) is the first novel of author A. J. Cronin. The story is set in 1879 in the fictional town of Levenford on the Firth of Clyde. The plot revolves around many characters and has many subplots all of which relate to the life of the hatter James Brodie whose narcissism and cruelty gradually destroy his family and life. The book was made into a successful film in 1942 starring Robert Newton Deborah Kerr and James Mason.
 Kiss of the Spider Woman (Spanish: El beso de la mujer araña) is a novel by the Argentine writer Manuel Puig. It is considered his most successful.The novel's form is unusual in that there is no traditional narrative voice one of the primary features of fiction. It is written in large part as dialogue without any indication of who is speaking except for a dash (-) to show a change of speaker. There are also parts of stream of consciousness.
 Post- och Inrikes Tidningar or PoIT (Swedish for Post and Domestic Times) is the government newspaper and gazette of Sweden and the country's official notification medium for announcements like bankruptcy declarations or auctions. The newspaper also carries advertising the largest advertiser being the Swedish Patent and Registration Office.It is the oldest currently published newspaper in the world although as of the 1 January 2007 edition it has switched over to an internet-only format.
 The Black Spider is a novella by the Swiss writer Jeremias Gotthelf written in 1842. Set in an idyllic frame story old legends are worked into a Christian-humanist allegory about ideas of good and evil. Though the novel is initially divided what is originally the internal story later spills over into the frame story as well.
 Iranian.com also known as The Iranian and The Iranian Times is an online English self-described community site for the Iranian diaspora.
 The Long Haul is an autobiography of Myles Horton labor organizer founder of the Highlander School and perhaps the first practitioner of what would later be called popular education.
 Species Plantarum (Latin for The Species of Plants) is a book by Carl Linnaeus originally published in 1753 in which the author lists every species of plant known at the time classified into genera. It is the first work to consistently apply binomial names and has therefore become the starting point for the naming of plants.
 Sahih Al-Bukhari: The Early Years of Islam is the translation and explanation of Sahih al-Bukhari by Muhammad Asad.The book comprises the historical chapters of the most important compilations of Traditions the Sahih of Imam al-Bukhari. It depicts the beginning of the Prophet's revelation the merits of his Companions and the early years of Islam up to and including the decisive turning point of Islamic history the Battle of Badr.
 A Summons to Memphis is a 1986 novel by Peter Taylor which won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1987. It is the recollection of Phillip Carver a middle aged editor from New York City who is summoned back to Memphis by his two conniving unmarried sisters to help them prevent the marriage of their elderly father to a younger woman.
 Wannsee House and the Holocaust by Steven Lehrer tells the story of the elegant suburban Berlin villa where the Wannsee Conference took place on January 20 1942. At that meeting Reinhard Heydrich announced the plans for the deportation and extermination of all Jews in German-occupied territory. This to be coordinated with the representatives from the Nazi state agencies present at the meeting.
 Dark Valley Destiny: the Life of Robert E. Howard is a biography of the writer Robert E. Howard by science-fiction writer L. Sprague de Camp in collaboration with Catherine Crook de Camp and Jane Whittington Griffin first in hardcover published by Bluejay Books in 1983.
 The Indian Journal of Dermatology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Dermatologists Venereologists and Leprologists West Bengal Branch. The journal covers clinical and experimental dermatology cutaneous biology dermatological therapeutics cosmetic dermatology dermatopathology and dermatosurgery. It was established in 1955.
 The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer (2007) is a book by Christopher Hitchens (1949–2011) the #1 New York Times best-selling author of God Is Not Great. He was a contributing editor to Vanity Fair. Hitchens wrote introductions to each article he compiled for this anthology.
 Starfighters of Adumar (1999) is the ninth book in the Star Wars: X-wing series. It was written by Aaron Allston.
 Grand Theft Childhood: The Surprising Truth About Violent Video Games and What Parents Can Do is a book by Lawrence Kutner Ph.D. and Cheryl K. Olson Sc.D. In it they draw various conclusions that run contrary to the rhetoric of some politicians and activists. Along with psychiatrist Eugene V. Beresin M.D. Kutner and Olson are co-directors of the Harvard Medical School Center for Mental Health and Media a division of the department of psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital.
 Regional Studies Regional Science is a peer-reviewed Open access journal publishing articles on regional issues in geography economics planning and political science. It is an official journal of the Regional Studies Association and is published by Routledge.
 Gilgamesh (ギルガメッシュ Girugamesshu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shotaro Ishinomori. It was serialized in the Shōnen Gahōsha magazine Weekly Shōnen King from 1976 to 1978. A dark and apocalyptic anime series based on the original story was adapted by Group TAC in 2003.
 Orthopaedic Nursing is the bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal of orthopaedic nursing. It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. It contains information on current events organizational activities research product and drug information and literature findings. Articles focus on professional development and clinical administrative academic and research areas of orthopaedics.
 Glasgow Guardian is the student newspaper of the University of Glasgow.Founded in 1932 as The Gilmorehill Globe the newspaper has undergone four name changes in its existence. First changed to The Gilmorehill Guardian then to the Glasgow University Guardian in 1959 under editor Neil MacCormick[citation needed] and most recently changed to Glasgow Guardian in 2011.
 Toxicology and Applied Pharmacology is a scientific journal for original research pertaining to action of chemicals drugs or natural products to animals or humans. The journal covers mechanistic approaches to physiological biochemical cellular or molecular understanding of toxicologic/pathologic lesions and to methods used to describe these responses.
 The American Journal of Botany is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal which covers all aspects of plant biology. It has been published by the Botanical Society of America since 1914. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.586. Access is available through JSTOR with a moving wall of 5 years.
 College English is an official publication of the American National Council of Teachers of English and is aimed at college-level teachers and scholars of English. The peer-reviewed journal began in 1939 when it was spin off from The English Journal.The journal publishes articles on a range of topics related to the teaching of English language arts at the college level including literature rhetoric critical theory and pedagogy.
 Between Barack and a Hard Place: Racism and White Denial in the Age of Obama is a non-fiction book by the anti-racist writer and educator Tim Wise published by City Lights in 2009.In the book Wise argues that the election of Barack Obama did not signal the end of racism in America writing that his political success could instead deepen the denial in which so much of the white public has been embedded for generations.
 Sunnydale High Yearbook is a tie-in book based on the United States television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. In the series the closing shot of the episode Graduation Day Part Two shows the fictional yearbook this tie-in was modeled after.
 Zooey Magazine is a boutique quarterly United States-based women's fashion and lifestyle magazine with an emphasis on the vintage-loving subculture. The magazine began its printed publication in 2010 having been created in 2008 by the then 14-year-old Lucia Tran one of the youngest editors of a print publication to date.
 Euripides' Electra (Ancient Greek: Ἠλέκτρα Ēlektra) was a play probably written in the mid 410s BC likely after 413 BC. It is unclear whether it was first produced before or after Sophocles' version of the Electra story.
 The Disappearing Floor is Volume 19 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by John Button in 1940. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1964 by James D.
 Freedom Evolves is a 2003 popular science and philosophy book by Daniel C. Dennett. Dennett describes the book as an installment of a lifelong philosophical project earlier parts of which were The Intentional Stance Consciousness Explained and Elbow Room. It attempts to give an account of free will and moral responsibility which is complementary to Dennett's other views on consciousness and personhood.
 Taran Wanderer (1967) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander the fourth of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain. The series follows Taran the Assistant Pig-Keeper as he nears manhood while helping to resist the forces of Arawn Death-Lord.The story follows Taran as he wanders with Gurgi but without most of his former companions from the other Chronicles.
 Balcony Press is a publisher established in 1994. The press has released art architecture and design books emphasizing the cultural and historical aspects of design particularly in the Western United States.Publisher Ann Gray herself an architect has practiced architecture professionally for over 20 years.
 The Last Place God Made Is a novel written by British novelist Jack Higgins published in 1971.It is about a bush pilot in the Amazon in the time immediately before the outbreak of the Second World War.
 Terror of the Tug is a play written by Jean Battlo and based on events in the life of Police Chief Sid Hatfield just after the Matewan Massacre a notable event in the history of West Virginia and the history of labor relations in the United States.The events in the play Terror of the Tug took place after the historical events depicted in the 1987 movie Matewan. (The Tug of the title is the Tug Fork of the Big Sandy River that flows through the coal-mining region of West Virginia and Kentucky.)
 Witches is a supernatural comic book limited series that was published by Marvel Comics in 2004. Plotted by Bronwyn Carlton with scripts by Brian Walsh it featured art by Mike Deodato and Will Conrad.
 Dungeons & Dragons is a comic book series by IDW Publishing based on the 4th Edition core setting of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.The series has so far included one ongoing series four mini-series and an annual.
 The Green Bird is an 18th-century commedia dell'arte play by Carlo Gozzi. It has been translated into English by Albert Bermel and Ted Emery and also by John D. Mitchell. The most famous production directed by Julie Taymor was first performed on Broadway in 2000.
 The Free Press is an award-winning daily newspaper based in Kinston North Carolina. It has served the city of Kinston and Lenoir County North Carolina since 1882.
 Sekai de Ichiban Yasashii Ongaku (世界でいちばん優しい音楽) is a Japanese manga by Mari Ozawa serialized in Kiss from 1993 to 1999. It won the 19th Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga and it was adapted into a 2-episode live-action television drama in 1996.
 The Flowering Peach is a 1954 dramatic play by American playwright Clifford Odets.It was the last original play by Odets produced in his lifetime. The play was revived in 1994.
 Tyrese Gibson's Mayhem! is an American three-issue mini-series by Tyrese Gibson Mike Le Will Wilson and Tone Rodriguez. The series was published through Image Comics and the first issue released on August 5th 2009. Of the series Gibson stated that he was inspired to create the series after being a guest at a 2009 Comic-Con.
 Cowboy Ninja Viking is an Image Comics comic book created by writer A.J. Lieberman and artist Riley Rossmo. The series debuted in 2009 released through Image Comics' partner studio Shadowline.
 Ranks of Bronze is a science fiction novel by David Drake.
 High Moon is an award-winning werewolf western webcomic series developed in 2004 with a debut in 2007 as a part of Zuda DC Comics' webcomic imprint. The first season concluded on July 8 2008. Season two ran from August 16 to November 25 2008. Season three began its run on February 9 2009.
 The Conversion of Chaplain Cohen is a 1963 novel by the American writer and rabbi Herbert Tarr about a young rabbi serving as a United States Air Force military chaplain.
 Shadow of the Dragon is a book written by Sherry Garland with Sang Le as a protagonist who has a hard time adjusting to American life.
 The Badger Herald is a newspaper serving the University of Wisconsin–Madison community. Founded in 1969 it is one of America's first independent daily student newspapers. The paper is published Monday through Friday during the academic year and once during the summer. Available at newsstands across campus and Downtown Madison Wisconsin and published on the Web it has a print circulation of 15000.The Badger Herald Inc.
 Blackwood Farm (2002) is one of the more recent books in The Vampire Chronicles and The Mayfair Witches series written by Anne Rice.
 Supply Management is a monthly magazine covering the procurement and supply chain profession. It is published by Redactive Media Group on behalf of the Chartered Institute of Purchasing & Supply (CIPS). It has a current circulation of 47246. A regional edition is also published sent to members of CIPS Southern Africa covering purchasing and supply management issues in that region.
 Soldiers and Slaves: American POWs Trapped by the Nazis' Final Gamble is a 2005 history of World War II by New York Times reporter Roger Cohen. It recounts the ordeals suffered by the 550 American prisoners of war shipped into eastern Germany during the winter of 1944–1945.
 Perfume: The Story of a Murderer is a 1985 literary historical cross-genre novel (originally published in German as Das Parfum) by German writer Patrick Süskind. The novel explores the sense of smell and its relationship with the emotional meaning that scents may carry. Above all it is a story of identity communication and the morality of the human spirit. The novel was translated into English by John E.
 4th of July is a mystery and legal thriller by James Patterson.
 The Sandman is a children's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Richard Cowdrey. It was first published in 2008 by Henry Holt and Company.
 The Knight in the Area (エリアの騎士 Area no Kishi) is a Japanese manga series written by Hiroaki Igano and illustrated by Kaya Tsukiyama. The series was adapted into an anime by Shin-Ei Animation and broadcast on TV Asahi beginning January 7 2012.
 Ethical Oil: The Case for Canada's Oil Sands is a book written by Canadian lawyer talk-show host and lobbyist Ezra Levant which makes a case for exploiting the Athabasca oil sands and its sister projects in Alberta.
 Every Man Dies Alone or Alone in Berlin (German: Jeder stirbt für sich allein) is a 1947 novel by German author Hans Fallada. It is based on the true story of a working class husband and wife who acting alone became part of the German Resistance. They were eventually discovered denounced arrested tried and executed. Fallada's book was one of the first anti-Nazi novels to be published by a German after World War II.
 Leader Publications is a Sri Lankan newspaper publisher.It's publications are The Sunday Leader Morning Leader and Iruresa It was founded by Lal Wickrematunge and Lasantha Wickrematunge. It is known for its independent news coverage and it has faced arson attacks from men with complicity from the Sri Lankan authorities.
 The Last Day of Creation (in original German: Der letzte Tag der Schöpfung) is a science fiction novel by German writer Wolfgang Jeschke first published in 1981. The English translation was published in 1982 in the USA and Great Britain. In the same year the novel obtained the Kurd-Laßwitz-Preis (Kurd Laßwitz award).The computer game Original War (2001) is freely based on the novel.
 Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Suspicion is a book written in 1987 by Mike McQuay. It is part of the series Isaac Asimov's Robot City which is inspired by Isaac Asimov's Robot series.
 Purinergic Signalling is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on purinergic signalling. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Geoffrey Burnstock (UCL Medical School).
 Typhoon is a novel by Joseph Conrad begun in 1899 and serialized in Pall Mall Magazine in January–March 1902. Its first book publication was in New York by Putnam in 1902; it was also published in Britain in Typhoon and Other Stories by Heinemann in 1903.
 The Tough Guide To Fantasyland is a nonfiction book by the British author Diana Wynne Jones that humorously examines the common tropes of a broad swathe of fantasy fiction. The U.S. Library of Congress calls it a dictionary. Yet it may be called a fictional or parody tourist guidebook. It was first published by Vista Books (London) in 1996.
 The Dream of X is an abridged version of the 1912 science fiction novel by William Hope Hodgson The Night Land. The abridgment was originally published as part of the chapbook collection Poems and the Dream of X in 1912 by R. Harold Paget. It was first published as a stand-alone book in 1977 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. with an introduction by Sam Moskowitz. It was published in an edition of 2220 copies.
 Stonewall Jackson and the American Civil War is a book combining a biography and military history of Confederate Lt. General Thomas Jonathan Stonewall Jackson's actions and results during the American Civil War. Written by British soldier and author G.F.R.
 The Sceptical Chymist: or Chymico-Physical Doubts & Paradoxes is the title of Robert Boyle's masterpiece of scientific literature published in London in 1661. In the form of a dialogue the Sceptical Chymist presented Boyle's hypothesis that matter consisted of atoms and clusters of atoms in motion and that every phenomenon was the result of collisions of particles in motion. For these reasons Robert Boyle has been called the founder of modern chemistry by J. R. Partington.
 The Case of Miss Elliott was Baroness Orczy's first collection of detective stories which appeared in 1905 and featured the first of her detective characters The Old Man In the Corner who solves mysteries without leaving his chair.This is one of three books of short stories featuring Orczy's armchair detective and although the first published it is second chronologically.
 The Encyclopedia of the History of Arabic Science is a three-volume encyclopedia covering the history of Arabic contributions to science mathematics and technology which had a marked influence on the Middle Ages in Europe.
 Perfect Crime is a 1987 Off Broadway play in the murder mystery/thriller genre written by Warren Manzi. It tells the story of Margaret Thorne Brent an accomplished Connecticut psychiatrist and potential cold-blooded killer who may have committed the perfect crime. When her wealthy husband W.
 The Efficiency Expert is a 1921 novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs. One of a small number of Burroughs' novels set in contemporary America as opposed to a fantasy universe The Efficiency Expert follows the adventures of Jimmy Torrance as he attempts to make a career for himself in 1921 Chicago. The book is remarkable for the criminal livelihoods of the hero's friends.
 The Garfield Thomas Watertunnel was a counterculture underground newspaper based in University Park Pennsylvania. It was named after a military research facility at the nearby Pennsylvania State University named for a Penn State journalism graduate killed in World War II. The first issue was sold January 27 1969.
 The Deathlord of Ixia was the seventeenth book of the Lone Wolf book series written by Joe Dever and now illustrated by Brian Williams.
 Significance established in 2004 is a bimonthly magazine published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Statistical Society and the American Statistical Association. It publishes articles on topics of statistical interest presented at a level suited for a general audience. It is not a research journal and articles are not peer reviewed. The founding editor-in-chief was Helen Joyce. The current editor is Julian Champkin.
 Mighty Samson was an original comic book series from Gold Key Comics. Similar to other post-apocalyptic titles like Kamandi Atomic Knights or the like it was set in the area around New York now known as N'Yark in an Earth devastated by a nuclear war.Mighty Samson lasted 32 issues between 1964 and 1982. The first issue was published in July 1964. The title was cancelled with #20 (1969). Issues 7–20 each had a back-up story with the large-headed character Tom Morrow.
 The Journal of Symbolic Logic is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by Association for Symbolic Logic. It was established in 1936 and covers mathematical logic. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews Zentralblatt MATH and Scopus. Its 2009 MCQ was 0.28 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.631.
 The Peterson Patriot is the town newspaper for those residing in or near the town of Peterson Iowa. The paper plays a key role in communicating local news to the area's residents. The paper was started in 1880 and is still running as of March 2010.
 Selected Letters II 1925-1929 is a collection of letters by H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1968 by Arkham House in an edition of 2482 copies. It is the second of a five volume series of collections of Lovecraft's letters and includes a preface by August Derleth and Donald Wandrei.
 The Minority Report is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1991 and reprints Volume IV of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick. The stories had originally appeared in the magazines Galaxy Science Fiction Science Fiction Stories If Fantastic Universe Fantasy and Science Fiction Fantastic Worlds of Tomorrow Escapade and Amazing Stories.
 Erasing Sherlock is an original novel by Kelly Hale set in the Faction Paradox universe.It is the last Faction Paradox novel to be published by Mad Norwegian Press though not the last in the series. Although taking place in a shared universe it is a stand-alone work that does not require any prior knowledge of Faction Paradox.
 Computer and Video Games (CVG C&VG or C+VG) is a UK-based video game magazine (published in its original form between 1981 and 2004) and its offshoot website computerandvideogames.com (launched in 1999 and still active).
 The Kissing Hand is an American children's picture book written by Audrey Penn and illustrated by Ruth E. Harper and Nancy M. Leak. It features a mother raccoon comforting a child raccoon by kissing its paw.
 Excession first published in 1996 is Scottish writer Iain M. Banks's fourth science fiction novel to feature the Culture.
 BYU Magazine is the alumni magazine of Brigham Young University.
 Trnovska mafija drugič is a novel by Slovenian author Dim Zupan. It is the sequel to Zupan's 1992 novel Trnovska mafija. It was first published in 1997.
 The Old Masters is a play by Simon Gray about the art critic Bernard Berenson and the art dealer Joseph Duveen. It is set over one evening in Berenson's Italian home Villa I Tatti near Florence in 1937.
 Afghanistan Group of Newspapers is a group of print media in Afghanistan which includes The Daily Afghanistan and prominent English paper The Daily Outlook Afghanistan.
 Wagon Train to the Stars is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Diane Carey.
 The Day I Shot Cupid: Hello My Name Is Jennifer Love Hewitt and I'm a Love-aholic (commonly abbreviated to The Day I Shot Cupid) is a bestselling dating-advice book written by Jennifer Love Hewitt. The book tells of Hewitt's personal dating experiences and gives advice to both men and women on dating life and what to look for in a member of the opposite sex.
 The Demon's Lexicon is a 2009 novel by Irish author Sarah Rees Brennan. It is published by Simon & Schuster and was released worldwide on June 1 2009. It is the first in The Demon trilogy the second being The Demon's Covenant (released in 2010) and the third being The Demon's Surrender released in 2011.
 The Clothing & Textiles Research Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Social Sciences. The journal's editor is Sharron J. Lennon. It has been in publication since 1982 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the International Textiles and Apparel Association.
 PS I Love You is Irish writer Cecelia Ahern's first novel published in 2004. The book reached No. 1 best-seller status in Ireland (for 19 weeks) Britain the United States Germany and the Netherlands.
 The Cambridge Companion to Bob Dylan is book published by Cambridge University Press intended to analyze the work of American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. It is the fourth book of Cambridge Companion to American Studies. This book is edited by Kevin J. Dettmar and contains seventeen essays each written by a different person.The whole book is divided in two sections. The first one containing nine essays attempts to describe different sides Dylan's work.
 Stark Naked is a book of humor written by Norton Juster an American architect and author. It was published by Random House in 1969 Library of Congress Control Number 71-85568. It is currently out of print. The illustrator was Arnold Roth. The book is a series of names each of which is play on words. Juster himself talked about the funny fake names he would invent as a child. The title is unusual the word Paronomastic means play on words or punning.
 Book of Imaginary Beings was written by Jorge Luis Borges published in 1957 under the original Spanish title Manual de zoología fantástica and expanded in 1967 and 1969 to the final El libro de los seres imaginarios. The English edition created in collaboration with translator Norman Thomas di Giovanni contains descriptions of 120 mythical beasts from folklore and literature.In the preface Borges states that the book is to be read as with all miscellanies... not... straight through...
 In the Company of Heroes is a book by Michael Durant and Steven Hartov about Durant's experiences in the Battle of Mogadishu Korea the Persian Gulf Thailand Panama and Iraq. In the Battle of Mogadishu the MH-60 Black Hawk helicopter code-named Super Six-Four that Durant was piloting was shot down over Somalia by a rocket-propelled grenade on October 3 1993 and he was attacked by a mob and had to fight for his life.
 Firmin: Adventures of a Metropolitan Lowlife (2006) is the second novel by author Sam Savage about a rat runt in 1960s Boston who learns to read. In 2006 Coffee House Press published Firmin: Adventures of a Metropolitan Lowlife. In 2007 the Spanish publishing house Seix Barral purchased the world rights to Firmin including English-language rights. The novel subsequently became a bestseller in Europe
 Brain Behavior and Immunity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It was establiushed in 1987 and covers research on the relationship between the nervous system psychology and the immune system. It is the official journal of the Psychoneuroimmunology Research Society. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.612.
 Inventing Iron Man: The Possibility of a Human Machine is a popular science book published in 2011 by neuroscience professor martial arts master and long-time comic-book reader E. Paul Zehr. By looking at current technology as well as how the human body and nervous system would have to adapt Zehr applies scientific principles and creativity to explore the feasibility of Iron Man as a reality.
 A Walk in the Woods: Rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail is a 1998 book by travel writer Bill Bryson describing his attempt to walk the Appalachian Trail with his friend Stephen Katz. The book is written in a humorous style interspersed with more serious discussions of matters relating to the trail's history and the surrounding sociology ecology trees plants animals and people.
 Pinter's People is a compilation of revue sketches or short prose works by Harold Pinter which was performed for four weeks from 30 January 2007 at the Haymarket Theatre in London starring Bill Bailey Geraldine McNulty Sally Phillips and Kevin Eldon.
 Sliver of Truth is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger. It is the second book featuring Ridley Jones and follows Beautiful Lies
 Oggi (Today in English) is an Italian weekly news magazine and is one of the oldest magazines in Italy.
 El Siglo (The Century) is a Spanish language daily newspaper published in Panama.
 Megamorphs #3: Elfangor's Secret is the third book in the Megamorphs series a spinoff of the Animorphs series. With respect to continuity it takes place between The Sickness (#29) and The Reunion (#30).
 J.R.R. Tolkien: Author of the Century is a work of literary criticism written by Tom Shippey. It is about the work of J.R.R. Tolkien. In it Shippey argues for the relevance of Tolkien today and attempts to firmly establish Tolkien's literary merits.
 The Raspberry Ice Cream War (subtitled A comic for young people on a peaceful Europe without frontiers) is a children's comic book published by the European Commission in 1998. There were editions in many languages translated for example as Glasskriget (Ice Cream War) in Swedish.
 The Birds of America is a book by naturalist and painter John James Audubon containing illustrations of a wide variety of birds of the United States. It was first published as a series in sections between 1827 and 1838 in Edinburgh and London.The work consists of hand-coloured life-size prints made from engraved plates measuring around 39 by 26 inches (99 by 66 cm).
 The Freaking Out of Stephanie Blake is a 1967 stage comedy which starred Jean Arthur and was produced by Cheryl Crawford. The play was written by Richard Chandler who was Crawford's assistant. Although it ran in previews on Broadway the play never officially opened.
 Roderick Hudson is a novel by Henry James. Originally published in 1875 as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly it is a bildungsroman that traces the development of the title character a sculptor.
 The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest (original title in Swedish: Luftslottet som sprängdes literally the air castle that was blown up) is the third and final novel in the best-selling Millennium seriesby Swedish writer Stieg Larsson. The novel is the sequel to The Girl Who Played with Fire.
 The Battle of the Labyrinth is a 2008 fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology; it is the fourth novel in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series by Rick Riordan. Fictional demigod Percy Jackson who is fifteen years old by the end of the book tries to stop Luke Castellan and his army from invading Camp Half-Blood through Daedalus's labyrinth by trying to find Daedalus and convince him not to give Luke Ariadne's string which would help Luke through the Labyrinth.
 The Signifying Monkey: A Theory of African-American Literary Criticism is a work of literary criticism and theory by American scholar Henry Louis Gates Jr. first published in 1988.
 The Sentinel is a collection of science fiction short stories by Arthur C. Clarke originally published in 1983.The stories written between 1946 and 1981 originally appeared in a number of magazines including Astounding Famous Fantastic Mysteries Thrilling Wonder Stories Ten Story Fantasy If The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction Boys' Life Playboy and Omni.
 Banana Fish is a classic shōjo manga by Akimi Yoshida which ran from 1985 to 1994 and spawned several mini-spin-offs: Private Opinion Angel Eyes X Men and The Garden with Holy Light. The series was very popular in Japan.The name is most likely inspired by the short story A Perfect Day for Bananafish by J.D. Salinger.There are nineteen Japanese tankōbon or eleven bunkobon reprints published by Shogakukan an art book Angel Eyes and Rebirth: The Banana Fish Official Guidebook.
 The Asti Spumante Code (full title: The Asti Spumante Code: A Parody) is a 2005 parody novel written by Toby Clements as a parody of The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown. It is noteworthy for being among the first works of fiction to parody the Dan Brown novel (the first notable parody was The Va Dinci Cod by Adam Roberts).
 The Vail Mountaineer is a 12000-circulation free daily newspaper distributed in the Vail Valley Tuesday-Saturday. It was founded by Jim Pavelich who started the Vail Daily in 1984 and sold it in 1993. The name mountaineer is a tribute to the U.S. Army's 10th Mountain Division which fought World War II on skis.
 The Field of Swords is the third novel in the Emperor series written by British author Conn Iggulden. The series is historical fiction following the life of Julius Caesar.The book was released in the UK on 3 January 2005 and published by HarperCollins. The story follows Julius Caesar from his position as Governor in Spain through the Gallic Wars the invasion of Britannia the defeat of Vercingetorix and eventually crossing of the Rubicon signalling the beginning of the Roman Civil War.
 Contemporary Family Therapy is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on family therapy focusing on recent applied practice and developments in theory and research that is published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is D. Russell Crane (Brigham Young University). The journal pays particular attention to how socio-economic background family value systems religion and ethnicity factors may affect family dynamics and treatment.
 Abraham Lincoln is a 2-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln written by John Torrey Morse (1840-1937).Originally published in 1893 the New York times found it to be for its scope admirable.
 Keroro Land is a spin-off magazine of the popular manga and anime series Sgt. Frog. The first characters originating from Keroro Land the Shurara Corps have appeared in the anime.
 Murphy's Trail is the seventh novel in Murphy series by Gary Paulsen and Brian Burks. The story is about Murphy who is now the sheriff of Turret New Mexico. He responds to a letter from Risa desperately requesting help. It was published in September 1996 by Walker & Company.
 The Darkest Hour is a children's fantasy novel the sixth and last book in the original Warriors series by Erin Hunter featuring the fictional character Firestar a cat. The series centers around a group of feral cats living in four Clans ThunderClan RiverClan WindClan and ShadowClan. It was published on October 1 2004 by HarperCollins Publishers. The story chronicles the events directly after A Dangerous Path and leads to the final battle for the forest.
 The BJS (British Journal of Surgery) is a monthly peer reviewed publication targeting general surgeons and the associated sub specialities. At 4.839 it has the highest impact factor of any general surgical journal in Europe. It has been published since 1913 and is currently published by John Wiley & Sons.
 The Altar of the Dead is a short story by Henry James first published in his collection Terminations in 1895. A fable of literally life and death significance the story explores how the protagonist tries to keep the remembrance of his dead friends to save them from being forgotten entirely in the rush of everyday events. He meets a woman who shares his ideals only to find that the past places what seems to be an impassable barrier between them.
 How to Fail: The Self-Hurt Guide is a satirical novel by Aaron Goldfarb published in 2010. It is billed as the world's first self-hurt guide the polar opposite of a self-help guide.The controversial author of Happy Hour is for Amateurs Philalawyer blurbed that How to Fail was Piss-yourself funny. Len Edgerly of The Kindle Chronicles podcast noted that How to Fail was reminiscent of a classic that raised eyebrows sixty years ago: J.D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye.
 FAKE: Forgery Lies & eBay is a memoir by Kenneth Walton that describes how he sold forged paintings on the online auction website eBay and details the high-profile scandal that led to him being convicted for fraud by the federal government.
 El Panameño (English: The Panamanian) was a liberal weekly newspaper published from Panamá Colombia 1849-1857. The first issue was published on January 1 1849. Mariano Arosemena was the director of El Panameño. José Angel Santos was the editor of the newspaper. Dr.
 Railnews is a national monthly newspaper and news website for the British railway network.
 The African Journal of Neurological Sciences is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Pan African Association of Neurological Sciences. The journal's aim is to publish scientific papers on any aspect of neurology.
 'Naroni Listy (The National Newspaper) was a newspaper published in the Czechoslovak Republic.
 The Transformers: Megatron Origin is a comic book limited series by IDW Publishing exploring the origin of Megatron in its rebooted G1 universe. Written by Eric Holmes the story will explore the beginnings of the Decepticons and the Great War and serves as a prequel to the various IDW G1 Transformers stories such as The Transformers: Infiltration Stormbringer Spotlight and Escalation. Alex Milne is the artist with alternative covers by Marcelo Matere.
 The Sun-Herald is an Australian tabloid newspaper published on Sundays in Sydney by Fairfax Media. It is the Sunday counterpart of The Sydney Morning Herald. In the 6 months to September 2005 The Sun-Herald had a circulation of 515000.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Citizen in Space is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert Sheckley. It was first published in 1955 by Ballantine Books (catalogue number 126).
 The Departure is the 19th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated primarily by Cassie and secondarily by Jake who narrates several chapters towards the end of the story.
 Mind and Cosmos: Why the Materialist Neo-Darwinian Conception of Nature is Almost Certainly False is a 2012 book by Thomas Nagel Professor of Philosophy at New York University.
 Selfish Love (君主サマの恋は勝手 Kunshusama no koiha katte! lit. The Monarch's Lover) is a yaoi manga by Naduki Koujima (こうじま奈月 Koujima Naduki). The plot follows student Ryuya as he is picked by Honors Society president Orito to be his assistant.
 Hallucinations is a 2012 book written by neurologist Oliver Sacks. In Hallucinations Sacks recounts stories of hallucinations and other mind-altering episodes of both his patients and himself and uses them in an attempt to elucidate certain features and structures of the brain.In November 2012 Sacks was interviewed on NPR's Fresh Air program in a segment titled Exploring How Hallucinations Happen.
 Nepal is national weekly magazine of Nepal.
 Judgement Chime (ジャッジメントちゃいむ Jyajjimento Chaimu) is a series of illustrated Japanese fictional short stories written by Agobaria Taku Fujimi Jackson Ō and Akira Moribayashi and illustrated by Aoi Nishimata.
 Cosi Fan Tutti is a novel by Michael Dibdin and is the fifth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series.Under a cloud again Zen thinks he has found himself a backwater sinecure in Naples where he can coast towards retirement. He is prepared to tolerate all manner of scams in return for a quiet life with pastries and a cappucino on his desk every morning not the least of which is a brothel on the top floor of the police station of which he is nominally in command.
 The Globe Gazette known locally as the Globe is a daily morning newspaper published in Mason City Iowa in the United States. The Globe's circulation is approximately 19000 for the weekday edition and slightly above 23000 on Sundays.
 The World Economy is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering economics and international relations specifically trade policy open economy issues and developing economies.
 Bertram Cope's Year is a 1919 novel by Henry Blake Fuller sometimes called the first American homosexual novel.
 Centurion is an English-language quarterly magazine published in Munich Germany. The quarterly is one of the three magazines offered to the American Express members specifically for the Centurion Card members.
 The Bulletin of Volcanology is a peer reviewed scientific journal that is published ten times per year by Springer Science+Business Media. It is the official journal of the International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior (IAVCEI). The focus of the journal is volcanoes volcanic products eruptive behavior and volcanic hazards. The Executive Editor is James DL White.The impact factor for Bulletin of Volcanology in 2011 is 2.205.
 Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society is a quarterly philosophy peer-reviewed journal published by the American Philosophical Society since 1838.
 Wireless Personal Communications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It covers mobile communications and computing and investigates theoretical engineering and experimental aspects of radio communications voice data images and multimedia. This includes propagation system models speech and image coding multiple access techniques protocols performance evaluation radio local area networks and networking and architectures.
 Treason by the Book by Jonathan Spence is a fast-paced historical account of the Zeng Jing (曾靜) case which took place during the reign of the Yongzheng Emperor of China around the 1730s. Zeng Jing a failed degree candidate heavily influenced by the seventeenth-century scholar Lü Liuliang in October 1728 attempted to incite Yue Zhongqi (岳仲琪) Governor-general of Shaanxi-Sichuan to rebellion.
 AIDS is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins (London United Kingdom). It was established in 1987 and is the official journal of the International AIDS Society. It covers all aspects of HIV and AIDS including basic science clinical trials epidemiology and social science. The editor in chief is Jay A. Levy. Eighteen issues are published annually.
 A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius (ISBN 0-330-48455-9) is a memoir by Dave Eggers released in 2000. It chronicles his stewardship of younger brother Christopher Toph Eggers following the cancer-related deaths of his parents.The book was an enormous commercial and critical success reaching number one on The New York Times bestseller list and being nominated as a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.
 Expedition Venus is a juvenile science fiction novel the fifth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1962 and in the US by Criterion Books in 1963.
 The Yale Law Journal is a student-run law review affiliated with the Yale Law School. Published continuously since 1891 it is the most widely known of the eight law reviews published by students at Yale Law School.
 The City of Fading Light is a 1985 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about a Hollywood actress who tries to rescue her Jewish mother from 1939 Berlin. Cleary researched the novel on a trip to Berlin with his family and based the plot on a real British plan to assassinate Hitler prior to the war.
 Chronicles of Courage: Very Special Artists was written by Ambassador Jean Kennedy Smith with George Plimpton (co-founder of the Paris Review) and published by Random House in April 1993. In 1974 Smith founded Very Special Arts an educational affiliate of the Kennedy Center that provides opportunities in the creative arts for persons with disabilities in the United States and around the world.
 Shadow of the Hegemon (2001) is the second novel in the Ender's Shadow series (often called the Bean Quartet) by Orson Scott Card. It is also the sixth novel in the Ender's Game series. It is told mostly from the point of view of Bean a largely peripheral character in the original novel Ender's Game but the central protagonist of the parallel narrative Ender's Shadow. Shadow of the Hegemon was nominated for a Locus Award in 2002.
 Oath Breaker is the fifth book in the Chronicles of Ancient Darkness series by Michelle Paver. There are six books in the series. Oath Breaker is illustrated by Geoff Taylor.
 The Happy Return (Beat to Quarters in the US) was the first of the Horatio Hornblower novels published by C. S. Forester. It appeared in 1937. The American name derives from the expression beat to quarters which was the signal to prepare for combat. This book is sixth by internal chronology of the series (including the unfinished Hornblower and the Crisis).It is one of three Hornblower novels adapted into the 1951 British-American film Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N..
 The Seed of Evil is the second science fiction collection by Barrington J. Bayley. The book collects thirteen short stories published between 1962 and 1979 several of which are original to this volume.
 The Iraq Study Group Report: The Way Forward – A New Approach is the report of the Iraq Study Group as mandated by the United States Congress. It is an assessment of the state of the war in Iraq as of December 6 2006 when the ISG released the report to the public on the Internet and as a published book. The report was seen as crucial by Bush who declared: And truth of the matter is a lot of reports in Washington are never read by anybody.
 Dirk Nowitzki : German Wunderkind is a biography of the German NBA basketball star Dirk Nowitzki written by German sports journalists Dino Reisner and Holger Sauer. It was published in 2004 by the German Copress publishing house. It follows Nowitzki's life as a boy in Würzburg how he turned to basketball as a teenager broke through in Germany and eventually became the franchise player of the Dallas Mavericks in the NBA.
 Journal of Analytical Toxicology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on analytical toxicology.According to Journal Citation Reports it received an impact factor of 2.107 ranking it 52nd out of 85 journals in the category Toxicology and 33rd out of 75 journals in the category Analytical Chemistry.The editor is Bruce A. Goldberger (University of Florida Gainesville).
 Feathered Dinosaurs: The Origin of Birds is a book by Australian palaeontologist John A. Long and Peter Schouten connecting feathered dinosaurs with the origin of birds. It was published in 2008 by CSIRO Press (Melbourne) and Oxford University Press. From the ISBN numbers they appear to be separate printings.There is a previous different book with the same title. It is by Thom and Laurie Holmes and published by Enslow in 2002 ISBN 0-7660-1454-1.
 Ox-Cart Man is the title of a 1979 book written by Donald Hall and illustrated by Barbara Cooney. It won the 1980 Caldecott Medal. The book deals with an 18th-century farming family that uses an ox-cart to take their goods to market where they make the money to buy the things they need.Ox-Cart Man was originally published in an October 3 1977 edition of The New Yorker as a Donald Hall poem.
 The Magician is a young adult novel by Sol Stein.
 The Middle East Journal (MEJ) is published by the Washington D.C.-based Middle East Institute. It was first published in 1947 making it the oldest U.S. peer-reviewed publication on the modern Middle East. The Journal is published quarterly and carries analysis of political economic and social developments and historical events in North Africa the Middle East Caucasus and Central Asia.
 The Okinawa Marine was the weekly publication produced by the United States Marine Corps public affairs office headquartered at Camp Butler Okinawa Prefecture Japan and distributed free to all military bases in Okinawa. It provided information on U.S. facilities and activities in and around Okinawa Island. The newspaper included area guide living information weather and public affairs. The final edition was published on Feb 28 2014.
 The Prince and Betty is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse. It was originally published in Ainslee's Magazine in the United States in January 1912 and in a slightly different form as a serial in Strand Magazine in the United Kingdom between February and April 1912. It was published in book form in the United Kingdom by Mills & Boon London on 1 May 1912. A substantially different version[citation needed] which incorporated the plot of Psmith Journalist was published in the US by W.J.
 Letters from the Editors of National Lampoon was an American humor publication from 1973. It appears to be a book but was however a special issue of National Lampoon magazine that was published in April 1973. It was a compilation of the best of the Letters to the Editors pages of the magazine.
 The Journal of Clinical Oncology (JCO) is a medical journal published 3 times a month (36 issues a year) by the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) with a 2012 impact factor of 18.038. JCO now accounts for nearly one in 10 of all oncology journal citations.Coden: JCONDN LCCN: 84008124 and 82002854 (OCoLC)8320014 online issn: 1527-7755
 Proof is an American comic book series published by Image Comics and created by writer Alex Grecian and artist Riley Rossmo. The story concerns John Proof Prufrock a sasquatch who works for a secret government organization. He hunts cryptids with his partner Ginger Brown and seeks clues to his past. The book was influenced by The X-Files and Tarzan.The first issue was released on October 24 2007.
 Savage Season is a crime novel by American writer Joe R. Lansdale published in 1990. It is the first in a series of books and stories written by Lansdale featuring the characters Hap Collins and Leonard Pine. The novel was nominated for a Bram Stoker Award for Best (Mystery) Novel of 1990.
 A Dozen Tough Jobs is a novella by Howard Waldrop which retells the Twelve Labors of Hercules in the Depression-era American South. It was a Nebula Award finalist.
 Millions of Cats is a picture book written and illustrated by Wanda Gág in 1928. The book won a Newbery Honor award in 1929 one of the few picture books to do so. Millions of Cats is the oldest American picture book still in print.
 Yama Onna Kabe Onna (山おんな壁おんな roughly meaning mountain woman wall woman) is a Japanese manga by Atsuko Takakura serialized in the seinen manga magazine Evening published by Kodansha. A Japanese television drama adaptation aired on Fuji Television channels. The manga did not sell well until the television series began.Working at a department store Megumi Aoyagi (wall woman) is a career woman who is popular at her workplace.
 Girls in Love is the first book in the Girls series written by Dame Jacqueline Wilson DBE a noted English author who writes fiction for children and young teenagers. It was first published in 1997. The other books in the series are Girls under Pressure (1998) Girls out Late (1999) and Girls in Tears (2002).
 The Dong-A Ilbo (Hangul: 동아일보; hanja: 東亞日報 literally East Asia Daily) is the leading newspaper in Korea since 1920 with daily circulation of more than 1.2 million and opinion leaders as its main readers.The Dong-A Ilbo is the parent company of Dong-A Media Group (DAMG) which is composed of 11 affiliates including Sports Dong-A Dong-A Science DUNet and dongA.com as well as Channel A general service cable broadcasting company launched in December 1 2011.
 Each In His Own Way (Italian: Ciascuno a suo modo) is a 1924 play by Luigi Pirandello.
 The Web of Titan is the second book in the Galahad series written by Dom Testa.
 Mohawk is a 1986 novel written by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Richard Russo.
 The Inish Times is a local Irish newspaper based in Buncrana in Donegal's Inishowen peninsula. It serves the Inishowen area and is also sold in nearby areas such as Derry and Letterkenny. The paper which is published each Wednesday was first started in 1999 and is now part of the River Media group of publications which include the Letterkenny Post and the Donegal Post.
 Sabagebu! (さばげぶっ! short for Survival Game Club) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hidekichi Matsumoto. The story follows Momoka Sonokawa a student who transfers to a certain high school. There she is dragged into the Survival Game Club or Sabagebu a club that conducts survival games. Kodansha has released four volumes with a fifth to be released in September 2013. An anime adaptation directed by Masahiko Ōta and written by Takashi Aoshima will air in 2014.
 The Dunwich Horror and Others is a collection of fantasy horror and Science fiction short stories by American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was originally published in 1963 by Arkham House in an edition of 3133 copies.The collection was revised in 1985 by S.T. Joshi replacing the introduction by August Derleth for one by Joshi and another by Robert Bloch. It was published in an edition of 4124 copies.
 Mike's Election Guide 2008 is a 2008 political book by American filmmaker Michael Moore.
 Tunes for a Small Harmonica is a novel by Barbera Wersba about an adolescent tomboy named J.F. McAllister. It was originally published by Dell Publishing but was then reprinted by Harper and Row publishing.
 Il Progresso Italo-Americano was an Italian-language daily newspaper in the United States published in New York City from 1880 to 1988 when it was shut down due to a union dispute. In 1989 most journalists of Il Progresso reunited to create a new daily America Oggi.
 Table-Talk is a collection of essays by the English cultural critic and social commentator William Hazlitt. It was originally published as two volumes the first of which appeared in April 1821. The essays deal with topics such as art literature and philosophy. Duncan Wu has described the essays as the pinnacle of [Hazlitt's] achievement and argues that Table-Talk and The Plain Speaker (1826) represent Hazlitt's masterpiece.
 Breaking Open the Head: A Psychedelic Journey into the Heart of Contemporary Shamanism is a book written by author and journalist Daniel Pinchbeck founding editor of the literary journal Open City.
 Amy Foster is a short story by Joseph Conrad written in 1901 first published in the Illustrated London News (December 1901) and collected in Typhoon and Other Stories (1903).
 Wake (Stylized WAKE) is a novel by Lisa McMann centered on seventeen-year-old Janie Hannagan's involuntary power which thrusts her into others' dreams. The novel follows Janie through parts of her young adulthood focusing mainly on the events that occur during her senior year in which she meets an enigmatic elderly woman and becomes involved with Cabel a loner and purported drug-dealer at Fieldridge High School.
 Best Friends Together is the first part of the Best Friends series by Rosie Rushton. It was published in 1998 by Piccadilly Press Ltd.
 The Encyclopedia of Fantasy is a 1997 reference work on fantasy fiction edited by John Clute and John Grant. Other contributors include Mike Ashley Neil Gaiman Diana Wynne Jones David Langford Sam J. Lundwall Michael Scott Rohan Brian Stableford and Lisa Tuttle.The book was well-received on publication. In 1998 it received the Hugo Award World Fantasy Award and Locus Award.
 Expert Review of Hematology is a MEDLINE-indexed peer-reviewed international medical journal publishing review articles and original papers on all aspects of hematology. It is part of the Expert Review series published by Informa.The journal provides commentary and analysis to elucidate best clinical practice in hematology and to translate advances in research – in areas such as immunology stem cell research and cell and gene therapy – into the clinical context.
 Debt of Bones is a short novel by Terry Goodkind. It was first published in the October 1998 anthology Legends then later published as a stand alone book in hardcover in 2001 and in paperback in 2004.
 Poor White is an American novel by Sherwood Anderson published in 1920.
 Mawbima (lit. Motherland) is a weekly Sinhala language newspaper that publishes news letters articles and features related to Sri Lanka.
 GQ (formerly Gentlemen's Quarterly) is an American monthly men's magazine focusing on fashion style and culture for men through articles on food movies fitness sex music travel sports technology and books.
 The Democrat and Chronicle is a daily newspaper serving the greater Rochester New York area. Located at 55 Exchange Boulevard in downtown Rochester the Democrat and Chronicle operates under the ownership of Gannett. The paper's production facility is located in the town of Greece. The Democrat and Chronicle is Rochester's only daily circulated newspaper.Founded in 1833 as The Balance the paper eventually became known as the Daily Democrat.
 Lord Dismiss Us is a 1967 novel by Michael Campbell.
 Western is a Franco-Belgian one shot comic written by Jean Van Hamme illustrated by Grzegorz Rosinski and published by Le Lombard in French and Cinebook in English.
 Comic Beam (コミックビーム) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Enterbrain on a monthly basis since November 1995. In 2006 it had a circulation of 25000. Popular manga serialized in Comic Beam include Kaoru Mori's Emma about the love story between a maid and an aristocratic man in Victorian England. Emma was adapted into an anime series and translated into many languages. Koi no Mon (Otakus in Love) revolves around a group of otaku their lives and romantic relationships.
 The Easy Way to Stop Smoking is a self-help book written by British author and accountant Allen Carr. The book aims to help people quit smoking offering a range of different methods. The book is the most famous book of Carr as it resonated widely in the world and became a worldwide bestseller.
 Flora Londinensis is a book that described the flora found in the London region of the mid 18th century. The Flora was published by William Curtis in six large volumes. The descriptions of the plants included hand-coloured copperplate prints by botanical artists such as James Sowerby Sydenham Edwards and William Kilburn.The full title of the book is Flora Londinensis or Plates and descriptions of such plants as grow wild in the environs of London.
 The International Journal of Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering experimental and clinical cancer research. It publishes original research articles mini reviews short reports and letters to the editor. The journal appears 24 times a year and was established in 1966.
 Property Week is a UK business-to-business magazine which reports on the worldwide commercial and residential property market. It reports news features and analysis and the latest information from the industry - from development opportunities to investment prospects professional and legal coverage to regional surveys plus vacancies.It is published by UBM Built Environment - part of United Business Media The magazine is edited by Mike Phillips.
 The Differend: Phrases in Dispute (French: Le Différend) is a 1983 book by Jean-François Lyotard.
 Flowers is a Japanese monthly josei manga magazine published by Shogakukan. It is issued on the 28th of every month.
 Extra! was a short lived comic book published by EC Comics in 1955 as the third title in its New Direction line. The bi-monthly comic was published by Bill Gaines and edited by Johnny Craig. It lasted a total of five issues before being cancelled along with EC's other New Direction comics.Extra! was dedicated to stories about the adventures of various journalists who alternated as protagonists: Keith Michaels Steve Rampart and Geri Hamilton.
 Social Theory of International Politics is an academic book by Alexander Wendt. It expresses a constructivist approach to the study of international relations and is one of the leading texts within the constructivist approach to international relations scholarship.Social Theory of International Politics expresses a theory that emphasises the role of shared ideas and norms in shaping state behaviour.
 House Made of Dawn is a novel by N. Scott Momaday widely credited as leading the way for the breakthrough of Native American literature into the mainstream. It was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1969 and has also been noted for its significance in Native American Anthropology.
 Alex Cross's Trial is the fifteenth novel in James Patterson's Alex Cross series. It follows Cross Country in the series and comes before his novel I Alex Cross. It is written by Patterson and Richard DiLallo and its premise is that it is a book written by Alex Cross.
 The Romford Recorder is a local newspaper for Romford and the London Borough of Havering. The publication claims to be the largest paid-for local paper in London.
 Singai Nesan (Tamil: சிங்கை நேசன் English: Singapore Friend also transliterated as Cinkai Necan) was a Tamil language weekly newspaper published from Singapore from 1887 to 1890. The newspaper also carried material in English and Malay. It is the oldest Tamil newspaper in Singapore of which a substantial number of issues has been saved in archives. The issues of Singai Nesan contains historical material on the religious life of Hindu and Muslim communities of Singapore. S.K.
 The Last Voyage of Columbus: Being the Epic Tale of the Great Captain's Fourth Expedition Including Accounts of Swordfight Mutiny Shipwreck Gold War Hurricane and Discovery (also referred to as The Last Voyage of Columbus) is a non-fiction book authored by Martin Dugard and published in 2005 by Little Brown and Company. The plot is a lifelong account of explorer Christopher Columbus and his founding of what is now often referred to as the New World.
 Torrents of Spring also known as Spring Torrents (Russian: Вешние воды) is a novel written by Ivan Turgenev during 1870 and 1871 when he was in his fifties. The story centers around a young Russian landowner named Dimitry Sanin who falls deliriously in love for the first time while visiting the German city of Frankfurt. It is widely held as one Turgenev's greatest novels as well as being highly autobiographical in nature.
 Dragon Kings is an accessory for the Dark Sun campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The book was written by Timothy Brown and was published in 1992.
 Zendegi is a science fiction novel by Australian author Greg Egan first published in the United Kingdom by Gollancz in June 2010. It is set in Iran in the near future and deals with mapping the human brain virtual reality and the democratization of Iran. The title of the book means life in Persian; the name of the virtual reality system featured in the story is Zendegi-ye Behtar (زندگی بهتر) Persian for better life.
 Like Life (ライク・ライフ Raiku Raifu) is an adult Japanese visual novel developed by Hooksoft which was released on May 28 2004 playable on the PC as a CD; a PlayStation 2 consumer console port called Like Life An Hour followed on April 28 2005 by GN Software. An updated version of the original game released on September 28 2007 called Like Life Renewal Edition (Like Life新装版 Like Life Shinsōban) compatible up to Windows Vista is playable on a PC as a DVD.
 Argentus is a science fiction fanzine edited by Steven H Silver. It won the Chronic Rift Roundtable Award for Best Fanzine in 2009 and has been nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Fanzine three times (2008-2010). Published in paper and on-line annually beginning in 2001 Argentus is a general science fiction 'zine. Occasionally an on-line only “Special Edition” is published which focuses on a specific theme.
 Spoofer McGraw was a strip in Sparky and The Topper about a boy who would spoof his best friend Bo. Though Bo always listens to the stories he finds a way to criticize it in the end. Drawn by Gordon Bell.
 Cola Cola jazz is a novel by Togolese author Kangni Alem. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 2003.
 Senselessness is the English translation of the 2004 novel Insensatez originally written in Spanish by Salvadoran writer Horacio Castellanos Moya. Senselessness was translated by Katherine Silver and published in 2008 by New Directions Publishers. The translation was short-listed for the 2009 Best Translated Book Award.
 Randiana or Excitable Tales is a pornographic novel published by William Lazenby in 1884. The book depicts a variety of sexual activities including incest defloration and lesbianism.
 The Warlord of the Air is a 1971 British alternate history science fiction novel written by Michael Moorcock. It concerns the adventures of Oswald Bastable an Edwardian-era soldier stationed in India and his adventures in an alternate universe in his own future wherein the First World War never happened.
 Dreamland (2004) is a teen novel by the American author Sarah Dessen.
 The Fires of Heaven (abbreviated as tFoH or FoH by fans) is the fifth book in American author Robert Jordan's fantasy series The Wheel of Time. It was published by Tor Books and released on October 15 1993.It's notable for being the first novel in the series to not involve an appearance by each of the three ta'veren from the Two Rivers due to Perrin's absence. The Fires of Heaven consists of a prologue and 56 chapters.
 Extrasensory Perception is a 1934 book written by parapsychologist Joseph Banks Rhine which discusses his research work at Duke University. Extrasensory perception is the ability to acquire information shielded from the senses and the book was of such a scope and of such promise as to revolutionize psychical research and to make its title literally a household phrase.
 The Slavic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing scholarly studies book and film reviews and review essays in all disciplines concerned with Russia Central Eurasia and Eastern and Central Europe. The journal's title though pointing to its roots in Slavic studies does not fully encompass the range of disciplines represented or peoples and cultures examined.
 Anarky was a short-lived American comic book series published by DC Comics as a limited series between May and August of 1997 and as an ongoing series between May and December of 1999. It was written by Alan Grant with pencils by Norm Breyfogle and inks by Josef Rubinstein.
 The Poster was a monthly magazine published in London from June 1898 to December 1900 dedicated to the then relatively new art of the pictorial poster. It was the first periodical devoted to the poster to be published in Britain.
 Star (Star Gazetesi) is a high-circulation Turkish newspaper. It was established in 1999 by Star Media Group drawing on the brand of the group's Star TV channel.In 2004 Star was seized by the Turkish government along with the other assets of the Uzan Group (which owned the Star Media Group). The paper was transferred to the TMSF and then sold to Ali Özmen Safa in 2006. Ethem Sancak became the sole owner in 2008 having previously become a part-owner with Safa and Hasan Doğan.
 Street Angel is an alternative comic book limited series by Jim Rugg and Brian Maruca. It was published in 2004 by Slave Labor Graphics and lasted five issues.
 Sophie Pitt-Turnbull discovers America (2003) is a young adult novel by Dyan Sheldon. It follows the adventures of a narrow-minded very conventional girl Sophie as she ventures to America to stay with her mother's old friend Mrs Salamanca. Initially she hates life in America and living with the Salamancas. However over time she comes to love the place and people.Sophie Pitt-Turnbull lives in Putney England. Every year she is desperate to go to France.
 Waldo (1942) is a short story by Robert A. Heinlein originally published in Astounding Magazine in August 1942 under the pseudonym Anson MacDonald. It is available in the book Waldo & Magic Inc. as well as other collections.
 Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim is a 2004 collection of 22 autobiographical essays by American humorist David Sedaris.
 The Irish Statesman was a weekly journal promoting the views of the Irish Dominion League. It ran from 27 June 1919 to June 1920 edited by Warre B. Wells and with contributions from W. B. Yeats George Bernard Shaw and George William Russell. The League's manifesto was first published in the journal's first issue.The title was revived in 1922 after the League was defunct and it was merged with the Irish Homestead.
 The Mezzanine (1988) is the first novel by Nicholson Baker about what goes through a man's mind during a modern lunch break.
 PALAIOS is a bimonthly academic journal dedicated to the study of the impact of life on Earth history combining the fields of palaeontology and sedimentology. It has been published by the Society for Sedimentary Geology since its inception in 1986. Although not an acronym the title PALAIOS is capitalized.
 The Emerald Wand of Oz is a 2005 book by Sherwood Smith and is a continuation of the Oz series that was started by L.
 Drugs is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Adis International (Springer Science + Business Media) that covers topics in drugs and therapeutics. Besides research articles the journal also publishes Adis Drug Evaluations and Profiles evidence-based single-agent reviews.
 The Judas Tree is a 1961 novel by A. J. Cronin. It begins with the story of David Moray his early career as an ambitious young doctor away on business. He has promised to return to marry a woman he loves Mary Douglas. Early on in the story he is introduced to successful people and is invited to accompany a prominent family on their ship as their personal physician. In doing so he breaks his promise to Mary and goes in another direction.
 Very Good Jeeves is a collection of eleven short stories by P. G. Wodehouse all featuring Jeeves and Bertie Wooster. It was first published in the United States on 20 June 1930 by Doubleday Doran New York and in the United Kingdom on 4 July 1930 by Herbert Jenkins London.
 One of Those Hideous Books Where the Mother Dies (2004) is a novel in verse by Sonya Sones. It is a young adult novel that tells the story of Ruby Milliken who is forced to go live with her famous movie star father Whip Logan in Los Angeles when her mother dies. Ruby is taken away from her friends and family all of which she loves and is forced to cope in the fake and artificial world of Hollywood.
 Elissa is a 1900 novel by H Rider Haggard. It consists of two stories:Elissa; or The Doom of ZimbabweBlack Heart and White Heart: A Zulu Idyll↑ ↑
 The Rochdale Observer is a tabloid newspaper published on Wednesdays and Saturdays for the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale in Greater Manchester England. It has been Rochdale's main newspaper since 1856.It has also been a discussion point in BBC hit school based drama Waterloo Road.[citation needed]
 For the Living and the Dead (Swedish: För levande och döda) is a 1989 collection of poetry by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer. It received the Nordic Council Literature Prize.
 Outcast is the third book in Erin Hunter's Warriors: Power of Three children's fantasy novel series. HarperCollins published it on 9 April 2008 in Canada and 22 April 2008 in the United States and United Kingdom. The novel details a journey undertaken by protagonist siblings Jaypaw Hollypaw and Lionpaw cats who are referred to in a prophecy to the mountains to help a group of cats known as The Tribe of Rushing Water.
 The Knight of Newts is an adventure for the Rules Cyclopedia edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 Shaping Your Child's Sexual Identity is a 1982 book about homosexuality by George Alan Rekers.
 Programming Ruby is a book about the Ruby programming language by Dave Thomas and Andrew Hunt authors of The Pragmatic Programmer. In the Ruby community it is commonly known as The PickAxe because of the pickaxe on the cover. The book has helped Ruby to spread outside Japan.The complete first edition of this book is freely available under the Open Publication License v1.0 and was published by Addison-Wesley in 2001.
 Mr. Monk on the Couch is the twelfth novel written by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk. It was published on June 7 2011. Like the other Monk novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger Monk's assistant.
 Dry Bones that Dream is the seventh novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 1994 but has been reprinted a number of times since. The novel was later published in the United States under the new title of Final Account.
 Cla$$war is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Com.x between 2002 and 2004. It was written by Rob Williams with art by Trevor Hairsine and Travel Foreman.Williams has summed up the story as a political thriller with superheroes dealing with a government supersoldier programme and how the leading superhero The American deals with the revelation of the truth.
 Women and Men is Joseph McElroy's sixth novel. Published in 1987 (with a 1986 copyright) it is 1192 pages long. Somewhat notably because of its size the uncorrected proof was issued in two volumes.The size and complexity of the novel have led it to be compared in significance with Ulysses The Recognitions and Gravity's Rainbow.The novel is 8th on the Wikipedia List of longest novels and 3rd among novels written in English.
 Destiny's Road is a science fiction novel by Larry Niven first published in 1998. It follows Jemmy Bloocher's exploration of Destiny's Road a long scar of once-melted rock seared onto the planet's surface by a spaceship's fusion drive. Jemmy is descended from the original Destiny colonists who were stranded when their landing craft (which created the Road) deserted them.The novel takes place in the same universe as the novel The Legacy of Heorot.
 TV Now (stylised as TV NOW) is an Irish magazine containing a television guide interviews with television stars and other television-related items. It is part of the VIP publishing franchise of Michael O'Doherty.
 The novel Harvesting the Heart is author Jodi Picoult's second novel after Songs of the Humpback Whale published in 1993 by Viking. The novel comprises three parts: Conception Growth and Delivery.A review by ConsumerHelpWeb describes Picoult's novels as absorbing and entertaining and this is no exception it poses questions that are relevant to [the reviewer's] own life and to [his/her] own relationships.
 Commentary is a monthly American magazine on politics Judaism social and cultural issues. It was founded by the American Jewish Committee in 1945. Besides its strong coverage of cultural issues it provided a strong voice for the anti-Stalinist left. By 1960 its editor was Norman Podhoretz originally a mainstream liberal Democrat. He and his magazine moved to the right in the 1970s and 1980s.
 God Sees the Truth But Waits (Russian: Бог правду видит да не скоро скажет Bog pravdu vidit da ne skoro skazhet) is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1872. The story about a man sent to prison for a murder he didn't commit takes the form of a parable of forgiveness. English translations were also published under titles The Confessed Crime and Exiled to Siberia.
 Professional Pensions magazine is a weekly Incisive Media publication that serves the UK institutional pensions industry. It is currently edited by Jonathan Stapleton. It organises the UK Pensions Awards which have been run annually since 1998 and the Professional Pensions Show which has been run annually since 2000.Past editors include Alex Beveridge (2008–2009) and Len Roberts (2000–2008).
 Nobat is the newspaper published daily in Gujarati language from Jamnagar Gujarat India.
 Ayande-No (Persian: آینده نو) is an independent Iranian Newspaper currently publishing in Iran. The newspaper was launched in 2006 and since its first publication it has become a source of fresh and independent news in the country that heavily censors free information.[citation needed]From February 2007 the newspaper has launched its online edition.
 Chemical Society Reviews is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing review articles on topics of current interest in chemistry. Its predecessors were Quarterly Reviews Chemical Society (1947–1971) and Royal Institute of Chemistry Reviews (1968–1971). The editor-in-chief is Robert Eagling and the journal is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
 The Third Ear is a book by Chris Lonsdale analyzing human attitudes towards language learning learning with an emphasis on the habits of polyglots. Starting as a native English speaker this summary of their habits is coupled with his own experience of learning two Chinese dialects Mandarin and Cantonese. It was released in January 2006 and reprinted in 2007.
 Birds of America (1998) is a collection of short stories by American writer Lorrie Moore. The stories in this collection originally appeared in The New Yorker Elle The New York Times and The Paris Review. The story People Like That Are the Only People Here won an O. Henry Award in 1998. The book became a New York Times bestseller a rarity for a short story collection. The book was included in the New York Times Book Review books of the year list in 1998.
 Reinventing Comics: How Imagination and Technology Are Revolutionizing an Art Form (2000) is a book written by comic book writer and artist Scott McCloud. It was a thematic sequel to his critically acclaimed Understanding Comics and was followed by Making Comics.Reinventing Comics (RC) explains twelve revolutions which McCloud predicts are necessary for the comic book to survive as a medium focusing especially on online comics.
 The Witness (previously The Natal Witness) is a daily newspaper published in Pietermaritzburg and Durban. It mainly serves readers in Pietermaritzburg Durban and the inland areas of KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.It is the oldest continuously published newspaper in South Africa having first been published on 27 February 1846. Until 2000 when it became 50 percent owned by the Media24 group it was the last independently owned mainstream daily newspaper in South Africa.
 A Tree is Nice is a children's picture book written by Janice May Udry and illustrated by Marc Simont. It was published by Harper and Brothers in 1956 and won the Caldecott Medal in 1957. The book tells Udry's poetic opinion on why trees are nice: Trees are pretty. They fill up the sky. If you have a tree you can climb up its trunk roll in its leaves or hang a swing from one of its limbs. Cows and babies can nap in the shade of a tree. Birds can make nests in the branches.
 Agym (Stream in English) is a Kyrgyz language biweekly newspaper published in Kyrgyzistan. It is privately owned.
 Florida's Shipwrecks is a 2008 history book by Michael C. Barnette about shipwrecks in the coastal waters of Florida. Barnette has been actively diving and researching shipwrecks for close to twenty years and this has resulted in the identification of seventeen wreck sites. He applies this knowledge and passion for wrecks to this overview of shipwrecks around Florida. Barnette's diligent research details famous ship owners and those who used the ships.
 Bad Boy is the nineteenth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels.
 The Condition of the Working Class in England is one of the best-known works of Friedrich Engels.Originally written in German as Die Lage der arbeitenden Klasse in England it is a study of the working class in Victorian England. It was also Engels' first book written during his stay in Manchester from 1842 to 1844. Manchester was then at the very heart of the Industrial Revolution and Engels compiled his study from his own observations and detailed contemporary reports.
 Computational Materials Science is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It was established in October 1992. The editors-in-chief are H. Dreysse and S. Schmauder. The journal covers computational modeling and practical research for advanced materials and their applications.
 Heist Society is the sixth novel by author Ally Carter and was published on February 9 2010. This is her fourth novel for young adults and her first young-adult novel outside of her The New York Times bestselling Gallagher Girls series. The cover was released on October 21 2009. Following on from the trend begun with her previous novel Don't Judge A Girl By Her Cover Ally has been posting mini excerpts of the book on her blog and Twitter.
 Colossus: The Collected Science Fiction of Donald Wandrei is a collection of science fiction short stories by author Donald Wandrei. It was released in 1989 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1000 copies.Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Weird Tales Astounding Stories The Minnesota Quarterly Thrilling Wonder Stories and Leaves.
 Occupy Boston was a collective of protesters that settled on September 30 2011 in Boston Massachusetts on Dewey Square in the Financial District opposite the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. It is related to the Occupy Wall Street movement that began in New York City on September 17 2011.As of June 2012 Occupy Boston had continued to engage in organized meetings events and actions.
 Noesis is a domain-specific search engine and open access journal for academic philosophy. The current online version is a prototype release. Noesis may be treated as a sort of clearinghouse for scholarly e-journals in philosophy.[citation needed]Noesis is currently undergoing development at Indiana University thanks to a Digital Humanities Initiative of the National Endowment for the Humanities.
 French Historical Studies is the quarterly journal of the Society for French Historical Studies (SFHS) one of the two primary historical societies devoted to the study of French history headquartered in the United States. It publishes articles in English and French.The first issue was published in 1958 with Marvin L. Brown of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill serving as its first editor. As of 2011 it is edited by Patricia M.E. Lorcin (University of Minnesota).
 Herakles (Ancient Greek: Ἡρακλῆς μαινόμενος Hēraklēs Mainomenos also known as Hercules Furens) is an Athenian tragedy by Euripides that was first performed c. 416 BCE. While Herakles is in the underworld obtaining Cerberus for one of his labours his father Amphitryon wife Megara and children are sentenced to death in Thebes by Lycus. Herakles arrives in time to save them though the goddesses Iris and Madness (personified) cause him to kill his wife and children in a frenzy.
 German Politics and Society (GP&S) is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn edited by Jeffrey J. Anderson. It explores issues in modern Germany from the conjointed perspectives of the social sciences history and cultural studies and provides a forum for critical analysis and debate about politics history film literature visual arts and popular culture. Every issue presents contributions by scholars commenting on recent books about Germany.
 Loaded first published in 1994 is a British magazine for men that is considered to be the original lads' mag. Its motto is For men who should know better. At its peak in the late 1990s it sold over 450000 copies each month but by 2013 had collapsed to below 30000.
 The Meaning of Everything is a 2003 book by Simon Winchester. It concerns the creation of the Oxford English Dictionary under the editorship of James Murray and others one aspect of which Winchester had previously written about in The Surgeon of Crowthorne.
 Warchild is a science fiction novel by Karin Lowachee. It was published by Warner Aspect in 2002. It won the Warner Aspect First Novel Award. Warchild was also a finalist for the 2002 Philip K. Dick Award.
 K-PAX is the name of the first novel in the K-PAX series by Gene Brewer.The series deals with the experiences on Earth of a man named Prot (rhymes with emote). It is written in the first person from the point of view of Prot's psychiatrist.
 Cool English is a monthly English-language educational magazine published in the Russian Federation by Eclectic Publishing Ltd. The magazine was launched in Russia in March 2004 initially as a partner project of Hot English magazine Spain. Cool English aims to make learning English more fun and interesting through slang humour and idioms. The magazine also comes with an audio CD and exercise pack.
 The Cannibal is a 1949 novel by John Hawkes (novelist) partially based on Hawkes' own experiences in the Second World War.
 Hell Has No Limits (Spanish: El lugar sin límites The Place Without Limits) is a 1966 novel written by Chilean José Donoso. The novel tells the story of a bordello and details the prostitutes' way of life. The main character is Manuela the transvestite who owns the bordello. A number of other memorable characters are introduced. The novel was well received and is considered a piercing investigation of values and identity.[citation needed]
 Just and Unjust Wars: A Moral Argument with Historical Illustrations is a 1977 book by Michael Walzer published by Basic Books and still in print now as part of the Basic Books Classics Series. A second edition was published in 1992 a third edition in 2000 and a fourth edition in 2006. The book resulted from Walzer's reflections on the Vietnam War.
 Flora of China is a scientific publication aimed at describing the plants native to China.The project is a collaborative scientific effort to publish the first modern English-language account of the 31362 species of vascular plants of China. This number includes about 8000 species of medicinal and economically important plants and about 7500 species of trees and shrubs.Flora of China describes and otherwise documents these species.
 The Blue Afternoon (1993) is a novel by William Boyd. It won the Sunday Express Book of the Year in the year of its publication and the Los Angeles Times Book Prize for Fiction.
 The Best Mysteries of Isaac Asimov is a collection of mystery short stories by American author Isaac Asimov.
 Red Hood and the Outlaws is a DC Comics superhero team launched in 2011 as part of The New 52 event. It is a team title featuring Red Hood Arsenal and Starfire. Its initial writer was Scott Lobdell with art by Kenneth Rocafort.
 Hufvudstadsbladet (abbr. Hbl) is the highest-circulation Swedish-language newspaper in Finland. Its headquarters are located in Helsinki the capital of Finland. The name of the newspaper translates approximately into The Capital City Newspaper hufvudstad (modern spelling huvudstad) being 19th-century Swedish for capital.
 Flower in the crannied wall is a poem by Alfred Lord Tennyson.Flower in the crannied wallI pluck you out of the cranniesI hold you here root and all in my handLittle flower—but if I could understandWhat you are root and all and all in allI should know what God and man is.Tennyson composed the poem in 1863 by the wishing well at Waggoners Wells.
 Atheism in Christianity (German: Atheismus im Christentum) is a 1968 book by Marxist philosopher Ernst Bloch. The book offers a third way to the Christian/atheist either/or debate. Gareth Jenkins says that Bloch argues that there are liberatory 'atheist' elements within Christianity with which socialists should make common cause.
 Arion (アリオン) was a manga series written and illustrated by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko published in Tokuma Shoten's Monthly Comic Ryū from March 1979 to September 1984. The story follows Arion a young man kidnapped by Hades as a child and raised to believe that his mother was blinded by Zeus and that killing the ruler of Mount Olympus will cure her.An animated feature film adaptation written and directed by Yasuhiko was released in 1986.
 Kotonoha no Miko to Kotodama no Majo to (ことのはの巫女とことだまの魔女と lit: The Miko's Words and the Witch's Incantations) is a Japanese yuri manga series written and illustrated by Miyabi Fujieda. It began serialization in 2004 in Sun Magazine's Yuri Shimai as Torikago no Miko to Kimagure na Majo to (鳥籠の巫女と気紛れな魔女と literally The Caged Miko and the Whimsical Witch). It moved to the magazine's successor Comic Yuri Hime in 2005 where it continued and concluded under its new title.
 The Swerve: How the World Became Modern is a non-fiction book by Stephen Greenblatt and winner of the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction and 2011 National Book Award for Nonfiction.Greenblatt tells the story of how Poggio Bracciolini a 15th-century papal emissary and obsessive book hunter saved the last copy of the Roman poet Lucretius's On the Nature of Things from near-terminal neglect in a German monastery thus reintroducing important ideas that sparked the modern age.The title and the subtitle of the book are explained in the author's preface. 
 Pirate Cinema is a novel by Cory Doctorow. It was released in October 2012. The novel is licensed under the terms of Creative Commons BY-NC-ND license and is available free on the author's website.The novel is set in a dystopian near-future Britain where the government is effectively controlled by media corporations.
 The Thriving Cult of Greed and Power is an article written in 1991 by U.S. investigative journalist Richard Behar which is highly critical of Scientology. It was first published by Time magazine on May 6 1991 as an eight-page cover story and was later published in Reader's Digest in October 1991. Behar had previously published an article on Scientology in Forbes magazine.
 Understand is a science fiction novelette published in 1991 by Ted Chiang. It was nominated for the 1992 Hugo Award for Best Novelette and won the 1992 Asimov’s Reader Poll. The story has been recorded by Rhashan Stone and broadcast as a four-part series on BBC Radio 7.
 The Battle for Bond (2007) by Robert Sellers is a cinema history book of how the literary James Bond metamorphosed to the cinema James Bond. The book details the collaboration among film producer Kevin McClory novelist Ian Fleming screenwriter Jack Whittingham and others to create the film Thunderball.After the project's collapse without his collaborators' permission Fleming based his Thunderball (1961) novel upon their joint work. In 1963 McClory and Whittingham sued him.
 Redshirts is a science fiction comedic novel by John Scalzi. The book was published by Tor Books in June 2012. The audiobook of the novel is narrated by Wil Wheaton. The book won the 2013 Hugo Award for Best Novel and Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
 House of Sand and Fog is a 1999 novel by Andre Dubus III. It was selected for Oprah's Book Club in 2000 and was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction. It was adapted into the 2003 film House of Sand and Fog.
 Ticket to Ride: Inside the Beatles' 1964 Tour that Changed the World is a 2003 memoir by Larry Kane. It accounts his experience as the only American reporter to travel with The Beatles' entourage in their 1964 and 1965 tours of The United States and Canada at the height of Beatlemania. At the time the offer was given to him Larry Kane was not himself a Beatles fan so he wrote from the perspective of a journalist rather than a fan.
 Kamloops This Week is a local newspaper in Kamloops British Columbia founded in 1988. The newspaper has won awards.
 Financial History Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal published three times a year by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The European Association for Banking and Financial History. The journal covers the development of banking finance and monetary matters. Articles address a broad range of issues of financial and monetary history including technical and theoretical approaches those derived from cultural and social perspectives and the interrelations between politics and finance.
 Dina Mani (Tamil: தினமணி) is daily Tamil newspaper printed and published from Chennai Coimbatore Vellore Trichy Madurai Tirunelveli Dharmapuri Bangalore and New Delhi in India. The newspaper was established in 1933 and owned by The New Indian Express Group. The first edition came in 1934 September 11. Dina Mani is a fully developed newspaper with well separated news editorial and feature sections.
 Moonlight is a play written by Harold Pinter which premiered at the Almeida Theatre in London in September 1993.
 Violin is a novel by American horror writer Anne Rice released on 15 October 1997. It moves away from her previous stories about vampires and witches to tell a ghost story.
 In The World of Tibetan Buddhism translated and edited by Geshe Thupten Jinpa the Dalai Lama offers a clear and penetrating overview of Tibetan Buddhist practice from the Four Noble Truths to Highest Yoga Tantra.In this book the Dalai Lama asks us to be mindful and present in the moment and to be constantly vigilant in monitoring our attitudes actions and motivations.
 The Daily Cardinal is a student newspaper that serves the University of Wisconsin–Madison community. The sixth oldest daily student newspaper in the country it began publishing on Monday April 4 1892.
 The Children's Songbook of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is the official songbook for children in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). It was first published in English in 1989.
 Strength and Compassion is a collection of photographs and essays by Eric Greitens. Published in 2008 it is Greitens' first book and contains a foreword by Paul Rusesabagina depicted in the film Hotel Rwanda by Don Cheadle and an introduction by Bobby Muller co-founder of the International Campaign to Ban Landmines.
 The Larchmont Chronicle is a monthly community newspaper serving Larchmont Village Hancock Park Windsor Square Fremont Place Park La Brea and Miracle Mile in Los Angeles California United States. It is independently owned.
 Hatsuinu (初犬 lit. First Dog) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Inu about a series of short hentai stories but The Strange Kind of Woman story continues throughout the three volumes. Issuisya has released the 22 chapters of the manga into three bound volumes between April 22 2006 and July 11 2008. The manga was adapted into two original video animation series named Hatsuinu The Animation and Hatsuinu 2 The Animation - Strange Kind of Womans ~again~ respectively.
 Local Fields or Corps Locaux as originally published in the French is a seminal graduate-level algebraic number theory textbook by Jean-Pierre Serre covering local fields ramification group cohomology and local class field theory. The book's end goal is to present local class field theory from the cohomological point of view. This theory concerns extensions of local (i.e. complete for a discrete valuation) fields with finite residue field.
 The Nepenthaceae of the Netherlands Indies is a seminal monograph by B. H. Danser on the tropical pitcher plants of the Dutch East Indies and surrounding regions. It was originally published in the Bulletin du Jardin Botanique de Buitenzorg in 1928 and reprinted by Natural History Publications (Borneo) in 2006.
 The Journal of Thermal Analysis and Calorimetry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media in cooperation with Akadémiai Kiadó. Formerly this journal was known as Journal of Thermal Analysis. It publishes papers covering all aspects of calorimetry thermal analysis and experimental thermodynamics.
 Free Fall in Crimson (1981) is the nineteenth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. In the plot McGee sets out to investigate the death of an ailing millionaire and encounters a motorcycle gang pornographic movie-makers and balloonists. The book also revives the character of Lysa Dean from The Quick Red Fox an early novel in the series.
 The Oakdale Affair is a short contemporary mystery novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was written in 1917 under the working title of Bridge and the Oskaloosa Kid and is a partial sequel to The Mucker (1914/1916) Bridge the protagonist having been a secondary character in the earlier work. It was first published in Blue Book Magazine in March 1918.
 Every Last Drop is a 2008 pulp-noir/horror novel by American writer Charlie Huston. It is the fourth novel in the Joe Pitt Casebooks following Half the Blood of Brooklyn. The series follows the life of the New York vampyre Joe Pitt who works sometimes as an enforcer for various vampyre factions in New York and sometimes as a sort of detective.
 The Tale of Timmy Tiptoes is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and published by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1911. Timmy Tiptoes is a squirrel believed to be a nut-thief by his fellows and imprisoned by them in a hollow tree with the expectation that he will confess under confinement. Timmy is tended by Chippy Hackee a friendly mischievous chipmunk who has run away from his wife and is camping-out in the tree.
 The Angel Inside: Michelangelo's Secrets For Following Your Passion And Finding The Work You Love is a 2007 book written by Chris Widener. As the title indicate it is a story about finding and following your passion.
 The Center of Winter is a novel by the American author Marya Hornbacher. It was published by Harper Perennial in early 2005.
 Jacques the Fatalist and his Master (French: Jacques le fataliste et son maître) is a novel by Denis Diderot written during the period 1765-1780. The first French edition was published posthumously in 1796 but it was known earlier in Germany thanks to Goethe's partial translation which appeared in 1785 and was retranslated into French in 1793 as well as Mylius's complete German version of 1792.
 The Windsor Star is the regional daily newspaper of Windsor Ontario published Mondays through Saturdays and is owned by the Postmedia Network Inc. The publication had its main office at 167 Ferry Street from 1923 to 2012 before moving to its current location at 300 Ouellette Avenue. In November 1996 it opened a printing facility in south-central Windsor.
 Clinical Practice in Pediatric Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of APA Division 54. It covers all aspects of pediatric psychology. The current editors-in-chief are Jennifer Shroff Pendley (Nemours/Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children) and W. Douglas Tynan (Nemours Health and Prevention Services). The journal was established in 2013 and is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO.
 The Absolute at Large (Továrna na absolutno in the original Czech literally translated as The Factory for the Absolute) is a science fiction novel written by Czech author Karel Čapek in 1922. The first sentence opens the story on New Year's Day 1943 and describes the fundamental transformations in society as the result of a new mystical source of virtually free energy.
 The Argonauts of the Air is a short story by H. G. Wells first published in 1895 in Phil May's Annual. Written several years before the first flight of the Wright brothers it describes the development and unsuccessful trial of a flying machine in London.Wells lived at one time in Worcester Park where the machine is launched; he studied at the Royal College of Science where it crashes.
 Bill Bergson and the White Rose Rescue (original Swedish title Kalle Blomkvist och Rasmus) is the 3rd and last novel about the Swedish master detective Kalle Blomkvist written by Astrid Lindgren.It was published in 1953 during the Cold War. The professor's invention of impervious light metal is significant to the war industry and the kidnappers' motive is not financial it's political.
 Sega Power initially known as S: The Sega Magazine was a Future publication aimed at the Sega range of consoles including the Master System Mega Drive Game Gear and later on the Mega-CD 32X and Saturn. The magazine was later relaunched as Saturn Power when the other Sega consoles faded away.
 First published in 2006 Enrique's Journey is a national best-seller by Sonia Nazario about a 17-year-old boy from Honduras who makes the difficult journey from his home townTegucigalpa to the United States to be reunited with his mother. The non-fiction book has been published in eight languages and is sold both in English and Spanish in the United States.It is based on a Pulitzer prize-winning series of articles in the Los Angeles Times published in 2002.
 Julie of the Wolves is a children's novel by Jean Craighead George published in 1972 about a young Yupik girl experiencing the changes forced upon her culture from outside. There are two sequels Julie (1994) and Julie's Wolf Pack (1997).
 BuySell Magazine published by BuySell International Real Estate (BuySell) in Paphos Cyprus is a real estate magazine in Cyprus.BuySell Magazine was first published in Cyprus in January 2002 to give people and businesses the power to search for properties in a simple effective way and educate people about buying and selling real estate in Cyprus.The magazine published monthly is A4 size with 244 full color pages. It lists over 5000 properties for sale in Cyprus.
 Wedding Peach (愛天使伝説ウェディング・ピーチ Ai Tenshi Densetsu Wedingu Pīchi literally Legend of the Angel of Love: Wedding Peach) is a shōjo manga by Nao Yazawa and Sukehiro Tomita that was originally serialized in Shogakukan's Ciao magazine. In North America it is translated and published by VIZ Media in its entirety comprising six volumes.
 8 Days is a weekly Singaporean magazine published by MediaCorp's publishing arm MediaCorp Publishing aimed mainly at the teenage and young people market. The magazine is predominantly about the latest celebrity gossip and television news as well as television synopsis for every episode with small sections featuring other subjects.
 Lighting & Sound International (L&SI) is a 23x United Kingdom monthly entertainment technology magazine published in Eastbourne by PLASA Media Ltd a commercial arm of the Professional Lighting and Sound Association (PLASA) and is distributed around the world in English.
 Smoking Gun - Minkan Kasōken Chōsa'in Nagareda Midori (Smoking Gun 民間科捜研調査員 流田縁) is an ongoing Japanese mystery manga series written by Tomohiro Yokomaku and illustrated by Shūji Takeya. Its chapters are serialized in the magazine Grand Jump and published in tankōbon volumes by Shueisha. It will be adapted into a Japanese television drama series that will debut in April 2014.
 Seeking Whom He May Devour (French: L’Homme à l’envers lit. The Inside-out Man) is a crime novel by French writer Fred Vargas. The novel features her series protagonist Commissaire Adamsberg and concerns the supposed existence of werewolves in a remote French village. As with many of Vargas' novels in English translation the English title bears no relationship to the original.
 Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man is a novel by Siegfried Sassoon first published in 1928 by Faber and Faber. It won both the Hawthornden Prize and the James Tait Black Memorial Prize being immediately recognised as a classic of English literature. In the years since its first appearance it has regularly been a set text for British schoolchildren.
 The Door Through Space is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley. It is not part of her Darkover book series but Darkover is mentioned (as another planet) in passing in the book; and many Darkover elements appear in the book (red sun Dry Towns with chained women catmen and other nonhumans Terran Empire trade cities Ghost Wind etc.). It was first published in book form in English by Ace Books in 1961 bound tête-bêche with Rendezvous on a Lost World by A. Bertram Chandler.
 Dream of Fair to Middling Women is Samuel Beckett’s first novel. Written in English in a matter of weeks in 1932 when Beckett was only 26 and living in Paris the clearly autobiographical novel was rejected by publishers and shelved by the author. It was eventually published in 1992 three years after the author's death. The main character Belacqua a writer and teacher is very similar to Beckett himself though a character named Mr. Beckett also makes an appearance in the book.
 Die Pharmazie (English: The Pharmacy) is an academic journal published monthly by Govi-Verlag Pharmazautischer Verlag. The journal includes original papers reviews book reviews and short communications. Originally published in Berlin by Verlag Dr. W. Saenger in German only from 1946-1972 it is now published at Eschborn in both German and English.
 The Jade Peony is a novel by Wayson Choy. It was first published in 1995 by Douglas and McIntyre.The novel features stories told by three siblings Jook-Liang Jung-Sum and Sek-Lung or Sekky.
 What Happened to the Corbetts (US title: Ordeal) is a novel by Nevil Shute. Written in 1938 and published in April 1939 by William Heinemann Ltd the novel concerns the effect of aerial bombing on the British city of Southampton - a major maritime centre - in the early part of World War II.The novel addresses the issues of the aftermath of bombing such as the spread of disease from lack of clean water and what may be done to relieve the distress of those affected by it.
 Glass Mountain is an undergraduate literary magazine at the University of Houston that was established in 2006. The title is an allusion to a short story with the same title by Donald Barthelme. The magazine publishes poetry fiction non-fiction and art written by undergraduates. Each issue also includes interviews with notable literary figures including Mat Johnson Mark Doty Nick Flynn Tony Hoagland and others.
 The Border Legion is a 1916 Western novel written by Zane Grey first published by Harper & Brothers in 1916.
 The Magic of Reality: How We Know What's Really True is a 2011 book by British biologist Richard Dawkins with illustrations by Dave McKean. The book was released on 15 September 2011 in the United Kingdom and on 4 October 2011 in the United States.It is a graphic science book aimed primarily at children and young adults.
 Under the Volcano is a novel by English writer Malcolm Lowry (1909–1957) published in 1947. The novel tells the story of Geoffrey Firmin an alcoholic British consul in the small Mexican town of Quauhnahuac on the Day of the Dead 2 November 1938. The book takes its name from the two volcanoes that overshadow Quauhnahuac and the characters Popocatepetl and Iztaccihuatl.
 Sports Car Market is a magazine based in Portland Oregon that covers the auctions of vehicles and other aspects of car collecting. Keith Martin started the magazine originally called the Alfa Romeo Market Letter in 1988. The newsletter expanded to become the Sports Car Market Letter in 1993.
 New Writings in SF 14 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the fourteenth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1969 followed by a paperback edition under the slightly variant title of New Writings in S.F.-14 by Corgi the same year.The book collects seven novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 The Chinese name of Beautiful Solitude is 《又寂寞又美好》 which literally means Lonely and Wonderful. It is a picture book authored and illustrated by Jimmy Liao completed in 2003.The book was created when Jimmy Liao was diagnosed with leukemia. That time was marked by feelings of gloom and during his cancer treatment he lived alone: both enjoying and enduring the accompanying loneliness. At that time Jimmy used pictures as an outlet and a source for hope.
 Honcho was an American pornographic magazine aimed towards gay men that was published from April 1978 to November 2009.
 The Crown of Dalemark is a 1993 fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones. It is the fourth and last book of the Dalemark Quartet and follows the adventures of a group of people trying to reunite North and South Dalemark under a new king.
 Tropic of Capricorn is a semi-autobiographical novel by Henry Miller first published in Paris in 1939. The novel was subsequently banned in the United States until a 1961 Justice Department ruling declared that its contents were not obscene. It was also banned in Turkey. It is a sequel to Miller's 1934 work the Tropic of Cancer.
 How Music Works is a non-fiction book by David Byrne a musician writer and public figure best known for his work with the group Talking Heads. He discusses the form and influence of music in a non-linear narrative fashion using a variety of experiences from his career to create something part autobiography and part music theory. The book was published through McSweeney's on September 12 2012 and was named as one of 'Amazon Best Books of the Month' in that same month.
 A Behanding in Spokane is a 2010 black comedy by award-winning Irish playwright Martin McDonagh. It premièred at the Schoenfeld Theatre on Broadway in New York. It is McDonagh's first play set in the United States.
 The Flash is an ongoing comic book series featuring the DC Comics superhero of the same name. The character's first incarnation Jay Garrick first appeared in Flash Comics #1. When the Silver Age Flash Barry Allen was introduced that character took over Flash Comics numbering and the series was retitled as The Flash.Although the Flash is a mainstay in the DC Comics stable the series has been canceled and rebooted several times.
 Autopsy Room Four is a short story by Stephen King. It was first published in King's limited-edition collection Six Stories in 1997 and appeared in the anthology Robert Bloch's Psychos later the same year. In 2002 it was collected in King's collection Everything's Eventual. It was adapted into a short film in 2003. It was also part of TNT's Nightmares and Dreamscapes: From the Stories of Stephen King series in the summer of 2006.
 The Problem of Pain is a 1940 book by C. S. Lewis in which he seeks to provide an intellectual Christian response to questions about suffering. The book addresses an important aspect of theodicy an attempt by one Christian layman to reconcile orthodox Christian belief in a just loving and omnipotent God with pain and suffering.Some have felt that it is useful to read it together with A Grief Observed Lewis' reflections on his own experiences of grief and anguish upon the death of his wife.
 Development Policy Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Overseas Development Institute (ODI). The journal was established in 1966. The journal covers development policy topics such as agriculture finance economics and poverty.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.522 ranking it 12th out of 54 journals in the category Planning & Development.
 Strega (Italian for witch or sorceress) is a hardboiled detective novel written by American author and attorney Andrew Vachss first published in 1987. The story features the pursuit and destruction by the protagonist Burke an ex-con private investigator of a pedophile ring involved in trading child pornography via telephone modems.
 The Hope Star is a daily newspaper serving Hope Arkansas United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.
 The Gilded Man (also published as Death and the Gilded Man) is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 Mazinkaizer SKL (マジンカイザースカル Majinkaizā Sukaru) is a Japanese OVA spinoff of Go Nagai's Mazinkaiser which was in itself a spinoff of Mazinger Z. The first episode was released on November 27 2010 (2010-11-27) and was first screened on November 27 2010 (2010-11-27). It also has a novel adaptation serialized in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Hobby Magazine and a manga adaptation published in the mobile phone magazine Shu 2 Comic Gekkin.
 Stoner is a 1965 novel by the American writer John Williams. It was reissued in 2003 by New York Review Books Classics with an introduction by John McGahern.The central character William Stoner begins as a hardscrabble farm boy in Missouri whose parents send him to college to major in agriculture but he is seduced one afternoon by Shakespeare's Sonnet 73 and changes his major to literature.
 Thief of Time is the 26th Discworld novel written by Terry Pratchett a 2002 Locus Award nominee. It was the last Discworld novel with a cover by Josh Kirby.
 BBC Music Magazine is a monthly magazine. The first issue appeared in June 1992. BBC Worldwide the commercial subsidiary of the BBC was the original publisher. Immediate Media Company has been the publisher since 2012. The magazine reflects the broadcast output of BBC Radio 3 being devoted primarily to classical music though with sections on jazz and world music. Each edition comes with a free audio CD often including BBC recordings of full-length works.
 Warriors of Legend is a series of books that are to be published by Genvid L.L.C. The first book in the series Warriors of Legend: Reflections of Japan in Sailor Moon (Unauthorized) is the only book published so far.
 State Bill Colorado is an electronic legislative news service based in Denver. It was begun in 1989 and was originally known as Colorado Capitol Connection. The non-partisan news service focuses on the Colorado General Assembly the state's politicians government agencies and elected leadership.Today State Bill is owned by privately held Circuit Media LLC which also owns Law Week Colorado and Fresh Magazine. Its website is http://www.statebill.com.
 The Happy Breed is a short story by John Sladek from Harlan Ellison's Dangerous Visions (1967). It details the lifestyle of the five last adult-like humans in a world of completely machine-dependent zombies.In the future a supercomputer attends to everyone's needs. The computer believes that everyone is flawed and slowly introduces chemicals into the food and drink reducing everyone to childlike intelligence.
 Three Men on a Horse is a play by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm. The comedy focuses on a man who discovers he has a talent for choosing the winning horse in a race as long as he never places a bet himself.
 There's No Place Like A Home is a comedy play by Paul Elliott which tells the story of the residents of Stollberg Hall Retirement Home for Theatrical Performers.
 The Penalty is a sports novel for young adults by Mal Peet published by Walker Books in 2006. It is the second (of three to 2011) football stories featuring South American sports journalist Paul Faustino. The teen football prodigy El Brujito (The Little Magician) disappears without a trace and Faustino is drawn to the mystery. He unfolds the story behind the disappearance. Walker's North American division Candlewick Press published the first U.S. edition in 2005.
 America Is in the Heart sometimes subtitled A Personal History is a 1946 semi-autobiographical novel written by Filipino American immigrant poet fiction writer short story teller and activist Carlos Bulosan.
 Slow Learner is the 1984 published collection of six early short stories by the American novelist Thomas Pynchon originally published in various sources between 1959 and 1964. The book is also notable for its introduction written by Pynchon. His comments on the stories after reading them again for the first time in many years and his recollection of the events surrounding their creation amount to the author's only autobiographical comments to his readers.
 Azrael was an American comic book ongoing series published by DC Comics based on the character Azrael. The name inspired by the Islamic Angel of Death is primarily associated with two characters: Jean-Paul Valley and Michael Lane. Valley was primarily featured between 1992 and 2003 while Lane was the star of a comics series which ran from 2009 to 2011.
 The House of the Worm is a collection of stories by author Gary Myers. It was published in 1975 by Arkham House in an edition of 4144 copies and was the author's first book. The book is a stylistic pastiche of H. P. Lovecraft and Lord Dunsany and may be seen as an expansion of Lovecraft's Dream Cycle.
 The Herald is a Scottish broadsheet newspaper founded in 1783. It is said to be the longest running national newspaper in the world. It is printed at Cambuslang just outside Glasgow.
 Naked Conversations: How Blogs Are Changing the Way Businesses Talk with Customers (ISBN 978-0-471-74719-2) is a book written by Robert Scoble and Shel Israel published in 2006 by John Wiley & Sons. The book is about how blogs bloggers and the blogosphere is changing how businesses communicate with their consumers and other stakeholders.
 Bird At The Buzzer is a 2011 sports book written by Jeff Goldberg (foreword by Doris Burke) about the 2001 Big East Championship women's basketball game between the University of Connecticut and Notre Dame.
 My Story (or Mon histoire) is a tell-all memoir by Canadian Julie Couillard. It was first written in French then during summer 2008 translated into English. Both versions were published across Canada in October 2008.Couillard first appeared in the national media when she dated the Minister of Foreign Affairs Maxime Bernier. The Bernier-Couillard Affair erupted in May 2008 over confidential NATO-related documents left at Couillard's house.
 The Mindanao Post is a newspaper has published and edited every Wednesday with general circulation in the whole Mindanao with editorial and business address located at Blk. 16 Lot 3 SIR New Matina Davao City.
 Framley Parsonage is the fourth novel in Anthony Trollope's series known as the Chronicles of Barsetshire. It was first published in serial form in the Cornhill Magazine in 1860 then in book form in 1861.
 The National Sports Journalism Center is a journalism program run by Indiana University and a resource center for sports media professionals. The center based at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis currently offers undergraduate-level sports journalism courses and will launch what is believed to be the nation's first master's of sports journalism program in Fall 2010.The center founded in early 2009 also hosts events on the Bloomington and Indianapolis campuses.
 Line War is a 2008 science fiction novel by Neal Asher. It is the fifth and final novel in the Gridlinked sequence although other novels exist in the same universe outside this sequence.The Polity is under attack from a ‘melded’ AI entity with control of the lethal Jain technology yet the attack seems to have no coherence.
 Sinclair User often abbreviated SU was a magazine dedicated to the Sinclair Research range of home computers most specifically the ZX Spectrum. Initially published by ECC Publications and later EMAP it was published in the UK between 1982 and 1993 and was the longest running Sinclair-based magazine.
 Nutritional Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Maney Publishing covering research at intersection between neuroscience and food science. The editor-in-chief is Chandan Prasad (Texas Woman's University).
 Middle-Age Spread is a 1977 play written by New Zealand playwright Roger Hall that premiered at the Circa Theatre in Wellington New Zealand. The play was later staged at the London West End Lyric Theatre in 1978 winning the Laurence Olivier Award Comedy of the Year.
 The Regatta Mystery and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1939. The first edition retailed at $2.00.The stories feature with one exception (In a Glass Darkly) Hercule Poirot Miss Marple or Parker Pyne Christie's famed detectives.
 The Idaho Press-Tribune is the second-oldest active newspaper in Idaho first printing in December 1883. Often the early paper was an instrument for political influences. One of the first owners and editors was Frank Steunenberg. After his murder the Steunenbergs sold it to Rees H. Davis editor of the Idaho Woman.
 San Francisco Chinatown: A Guide to Its History & Architecture is a book by Philip Choy first published in 2012.
 Jubilee (1966) is a historical novel written by Margaret Walker which focuses on the story of a biracial slave during the American Civil War. It is set in Georgia and later in various parts of Alabama in the mid-19th century before during and after the Civil War.
 Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software is a book by Charles Petzold published in 1999. The book aims to be an introduction to the design and workings of computers and software with no prior knowledge required.The book intends to show a layman the basic mechanical principles of how computers work instead of merely summarizing how the different parts relate.
 In philately the term uglies is used to refer to the stamps of the Indian Feudatory States. Uglies is a 2005 science fiction novel by Scott Westerfeld. It is set in a future post-scarcity dystopian world in which everyone is turned Pretty by extreme cosmetic surgery upon reaching age 16. It tells the story of teenager Tally Youngblood who rebels against society's enforced conformity after her newfound friends Shay and David show her the downsides to becoming a Pretty.
 Delo (English: Labour) is the largest[citation needed] national daily newspaper in Slovenia. It was established on May 1 1959 when two newspapers Ljudska pravica (The People's Right) and Slovenski poročevalec (The Slovenian Reporter) merged. For more than 50 years it has been involved in active co-creation of the Slovenian public space[citation needed]. It covers politics economics sports culture and social events in Slovene language.
 Fading (2001 ISBN 0-9712833-0-3) is the therapeutic poetry book written by singer/pianist Raven Oak. Filled with seven years of poetry written during her college years this book explores the depth and pain in surviving both rape and abuse. The book is divided into four chapters or sections with each section of poetry becoming darker in subject manner than the last.
 The Tulane European & Civil Law is a predominantly faculty-run law journal published out of the Tulane University Law School. The Journal's Board of Contributing Editors is made up of 51 scholars from ten European countries and the United States.
 Pity is Not Enough is a 1933 semi-autobiographical modernist novel by American author Josephine Herbst and the first book in her Trexler family trilogy. It is followed by The Executioner Waits (1934) and Rope of Gold (1939). The novels interrelate United States history from Reconstruction to the Great Depression with Herbst's family history reflecting the ideological crises of the early twentieth century. The trilogy has been compared with John Dos Passos's major work the U.S.A.
 Kylie: La La La (sometimes referred to by the simpler name La La La) is a photo/art book released by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. The books namesake comes from a line made famous in her hit single Can't Get You Out of My Head. This is not a traditional biography but rather a pictorial biography that is a photographic look at the stylization of Kylie's career. The book features many photos mostly outtakes from previous shoots.
 Grunts! (1992) is the satiric fantasy novel by Mary Gentle. It is set in a basic fantasy world taken from the usual The Lord of the Rings mould with orcs and elves using magic and typical medieval weaponry but it plays heavily on black comedy and strong doses of violence and graphic description frequently depicting scenes over the top.
 The Canadian Geotechnical Journal has been published since 1963 by NRC Research Press. It is a monthly journal featuring papers related to geotechnical and geoenvironmental engineering as well as applied sciences. Papers are loaded to the Web site in advance of the printed issues. The editor in chief is Ian Moore.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Fourth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0312363345) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2007. It is the 24th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 The Beezer (called The Beezer and Topper for the last 3 years of publication) was a British comic that ran from (issues dates) 21 January 1956 to 21 August 1993. Like its sister comic The Topper The Beezer was an A3 (tabloid) publication twice as big as most other comics.
 3001: The Final Odyssey (1997) is a science fiction novel by Sir Arthur C. Clarke. It is the fourth and final book in Clarke's Space Odyssey series.
 A Day with Wilbur Robinson is a 1990 children's picture book (slightly expanded for a 2006 reissue) written and illustrated by William Joyce. A film adaptation called Meet the Robinsons was released by Walt Disney Pictures in 2007 in the United States.
 The Sword of Conan is a collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian first published in hardcover by Gnome Press in 1952. The stories originally appeared in the 1930s in the fantasy magazine Weird Tales.
 A moe book (萌え本) is a type of instructional book using bishōjo characters for tutorial purposes with some illustrated in comic book format.A close American counterpart would be the M16 instruction manual issued during Vietnam War.
 Aventura is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shin Midorikawa. It has been serialized in Monthly Shōnen Sirius. As of February 2009 Kodansha has published 3 bound volumes of the manga.The manga is licensed for an English released by Del Rey Manga. As of March 2009 Del Rey Manga has published 3 bound volumes of the manga.
 For the alcoholic mixed drink see Cuba LibreCuba Libre is a 1998 historical novel written by Elmore Leonard. Unlike most of Leonard's novels which take place in the modern day the novel takes place in 1898 immediately before the outbreak of the Spanish-American War.
 The Edge of Evolution: The Search for the Limits of Darwinism is an intelligent design book by Discovery Institute fellow Michael Behe published by the Free Press in 2007. Behe argues that while evolution can produce changes within species there is a limit to the ability of evolution to generate diversity and this limit (the edge of evolution) is somewhere between species and orders.
 1824: The Arkansas War is a 2006 alternate history novel by American writer Eric Flint.
 The Thorn Birds is a 1977 best-selling novel by Colleen McCullough an Australian author. In 1983 it was adapted as a TV mini-series that during its television run 27–30 March became the United States' second highest rated mini-series of all time behind Roots; both series were produced by television veteran David L. Wolper.The mini-series starred Richard Chamberlain Rachel Ward Barbara Stanwyck Christopher Plummer Bryan Brown Mare Winningham Philip Anglim and Jean Simmons.
 The Reluctant Orchid is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1956 and later anthologized in Tales from the White Hart. Like the rest of the collection it is a frame story set in the pub White Hart where the fictional Harry Purvis narrates the secondary tale.
 The Secret of the Forgotten City is the fifty-second volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1975 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 The Lone Samurai: The Life of Miyamoto Musashi (ISBN 4-7700-2942-X) is a biography of the Japanese samurai and swordsman Miyamoto Musashi. It is written by William Scott Wilson published by Kodansha International and was first printed in 2004. It is possibly the first reliable reference on Musashi since most of the previously known information is drawn from legends or fictional accounts.
 The International Journal of Surgery is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of clinical surgery experimental surgery surgical education and history. It is published monthly and contains research papers editorials and review articles as well as a forum for the exchange of ideas through a correspondence section. It was originally founded in 1888 in New York and restored by Riaz Agha in London in 2003.
 Renewable Agriculture and Food Systems is an academic journal published by Cambridge University Press on sustainable agriculture. It was formerly known as the American Journal of Alternative Agriculture. It is published quarterly. Its 2008 Volume 23 is its first special free-access edition. As of 2013 the editor-in-chief is [Rick Welsh] [Syracuse University].
 Racial Culture: A Critique is a 2005 non-fiction book by American author and Stanford Law School professor Richard T. Ford which raises critical questions regarding the somewhat popular and common presumption of political multiculturalism that social categories emerge as a result of distinctive cultural practices. Ford argues against legislation that prevents discrimination on the basis of cultural practices and details specific examples in support of this argument.
 The Independent Review (TIR) subtitled A Journal of Political Economy is a peer-reviewed quarterly interdisciplinary journal devoted to the study of political economy and the critical analysis of government policy. It is published by The Independent Institute a libertarian think tank in the United States and the articles it publishes are generally written from a libertarian perspective. The journal was created in 1996.
 Haganai (はがない) short for Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai (僕は友達が少ない literally I Don't Have Many Friends) is a Japanese light novel series written by Yomi Hirasaka illustrated by Buriki and published by Media Factory. It has been given several manga adaptations; the first incarnation its title and basic plot unchanged began serialization in 2010; it was written and illustrated by Itachi and published in Monthly Comic Alive.
 Ping Pong (ピンポン Pin Pon) is a manga series by Taiyō Matsumoto about table tennis. It was serialized in Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Big Comic Spirits from 1996 to 1997 and collected in five tankōbon volumes. It was adapted into a 2002 live-action film. An anime television series adaptation produced by Tatsunoko Production and directed by Masaaki Yuasa is scheduled to air from April 2014 on Fuji TV's noitamina block.
 A Romance of the Halifax Disaster (1918) is today a relatively rare novella by Lieutenant-Colonel Frank McKelvey Bell based on the Halifax Explosion of 1917. After the explosion Bell assisted in the medical rescue. His experience in hospital wards allowed him to write of the physical trauma suffered by Haligonians. Rather than focusing on medical professionals though Bell positions his narrative as a romance between a young volunteer and an injured soldier.
 The Invention of the Jewish People (Hebrew: מתי ואיך הומצא העם היהודי?‎ Matai ve’ech humtza ha’am hayehudi? literally When and How Was the Jewish People Invented?) is a study of the historiography of the Jewish people by Shlomo Sand Professor of History at Tel Aviv University. It has generated a heated controversy. The book was in the best-seller list in Israel for nineteen weeks.
 Out Where the West Begins is a poem written by Arthur Chapman and first published in his 1917 book of verse Out Where the West Begins: And Other Western Verses. It is his most popular poem still included in modern readings and compilations of Cowboy and Western poetry.
 Legendary Gambler Tetsuya (勝負師伝説哲也 Shoubushi Densetsu Tetsuya) is a gambling manga written by Fūmei Sai and Yasushi Hoshino. In 2000 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen. It has been adapted by Toei Animation as a 20-episode anime television series broadcast on TV Asahi from 7 October 2000 to 24 March 2001.
 Manga Force: The Ultimate Collection was a UK based anime magazine published by Hachette Partworks in association with Manga Entertainment Ltd. It was available in several markets such as Ireland Australia New Zealand South Africa Malta Malaysia and Singapore and was distributed by Marketforce in the United Kingdom. Produced by Creative Plus Publishing Ltd the magazine mistakenly refers to anime as manga which is common for a Manga Entertainment publication.
 The Warwick Daily News is a daily newspaper serving Warwick Queensland Australia. The newspaper is published by The Warwick Newspaper Pty Ltd and owned by APN News & Media.The Warwick Daily News is circulated to the residents of Warwick Shire and surrounds to Inglewood in the west Killarney in the east Clifton to the north and the New South Wales border to the south including Stanthorpe and the Granite Belt.
 'A Troubled Peace' is the sequel to the historical fiction novel Under a War-Torn Sky written by Virginia author L.M. Elliott.
 Paint Your Dragon is a humorous novel by Tom Holt first published in the UK in 1996 by Orbit and in paper back a year later by St. Martin's Press. It was also made available in electronic format by Hachette Digital in 2009. This was the author's twelfth humorous book and his eighteenth overall. It has been republished as part of Tom Holt's Omnibus No'7: Saints and Sinners. Inspired by the legend of St.
 The Ketchikan Daily News is the primary daily newspaper for Ketchikan Alaska founded in 1934.Lew Williams Jr. who became the paper's managing editor in 1966 was well known in Alaska as an opinion columnist. Originally appearing mainly in the Anchorage Times his columns were regularly published in many Alaskan newspapers up until his death. His children (including Lew Williams III the current mayor of Ketchikan) manage the paper today.
 Timeliner is a 1955 science fiction novel by Charles Eric Maine. It was first published in the U. K. by Hodder & Stoughton; a paperback version by Bantam Books appeared the following year.The story was originally written as a radio play called The Einstein Highway and was broadcast in the Light Programme of the B.B.C. on February 21 1954.
 Humanity Has Declined (人類は衰退しました Jinrui wa Suitai Shimashita) or Jintai (人退) for short is a Japanese light novel series written by Romeo Tanaka. The novels originally featured illustrations by Tōru Yamasaki for the first six volumes but Yamasaki was replaced by Sunaho Tobe in 2011. Shogakukan has published eight volumes since May 2007. Three manga adaptations have been produced. An anime adaptation produced by AIC A.S.T.A.
 The Valley of Adventure (published in 1947) is a popular children's book by Enid Blyton. It is the third book in the Adventure Series. The first edition of the book was illustrated by Stuart Tresilian.
 Libro de Manuel is a novel by Julio Cortázar first published in 1973. It was later translated into English by Gregory Rabassa and published in the US as A Manual for Manuel.Cortázar's only explicitly political novel it was written as a direct response to the escalating political repression and violence in Argentina and elsewhere in Latin America.
 Dark Challenge is the fifth book in the paranormal romance series Dark Series by American author Christine Feehan. It is the first book in a trilogy written within the Dark Series and it starts several months after the events in Dark Magic.
 Ellen; or The Fanatic's Daughter' is an 1860 plantation fiction novel written by Mrs. V.G. Cowdin.
 Foreign Policy Analysis is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Studies Association. The journal was established in 2005. The current editor-in-chief is A. Cooper Drury (University of Missouri). The journal covers the process effects causes and outputs of foreign policy decision-making in both comparative and case-specific manners.
 Phylogenesis (1999) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. It is the first novel in Foster's Founding of the Commonwealth Trilogy. In Phylogenesis Foster begins to further expand the history of the founding of the Humanx Commonwealth which began in his 1982 novel Nor Crystal Tears.
 Opus is a 2006 play written by Michael Hollinger.
 Hindustan Times (HT) is an Indian English-language daily newspaper founded in 1924 with roots in the Indian independence movement of the period (Hindustan being a historical name for India). The newspaper is owned by Rajya Sabha M.P. Shobhana Bhartia.It is the flagship publication of HT Media Ltd. Hindustan Times is one of the largest newspapers in India by circulation. According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations it has a circulation of 1.4 million copies as of 2010.
 Juliet is a novel by Danish American author Anne Fortier. It was first published in 2010 by Random House. It is said to be translated in more than 20 languages and published in about 50 countries.[citation needed]
 The Human Division is the fifth full-length book by John Scalzi set in the Old Man's War universe.
 Aftershocks is a play by Australian playwright Paul Brown. It was first performed at the Newcastle Playhouse Newcastle in 1991. It is published by Currency Press.
 The Tahlequah Daily Press is a daily newspaper published in Tahlequah Oklahoma USA. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 Annals of Internal Medicine is an academic medical journal published by the American College of Physicians (ACP). It publishes research articles and reviews in the area of internal medicine. Its current editor-in-chief is Christine Laine. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 13.976 ranking it sixth out of 151 journals in the category Medicine General & Internal.
 Soul Harvest: The World Takes Sides is the fourth book in the Left Behind series. It was written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 1999. It takes place 21–27 months into the Tribulation.
 Kings Will Be Tyrants by Ward Hawkins is a 1959 novel about fighting in Cuba. Bernardo Manuel Patrick O'Brien is a former U.S. Marine who winds up fighting for Castro. Though a Marine he has to deal with the conflict of his heritage both Cuban and American.
 Growing Up Brady: I Was A Teenage Greg is a 1992 autobiography written by actor Barry Williams with Chris Kreski.In Growing Up Brady Williams discusses his childhood the production of the ABC sitcom The Brady Bunch his relationship with co-star Maureen McCormick disputes between series star Robert Reed and creator-producer Sherwood Schwartz and various Brady Bunch spinoffs.
 Dinner with Friends is a play written by Donald Margulies. It premiered at the 1998 Humana Festival of New American Plays and opened Off-Broadway in New York on November 4 1999. The play received the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
 After is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Francis Chalifour first published in October 2005 by Tundra Books. In the book the author narrates his pain and confusion as he grieved his father's death by suicide. Judith Miller an award judge for the Edna Staebler Award called After deeply moving saying We enjoyed the lyricism of his language and his strong sense of character.
 Beyond the Rocks is a 1906 novel by Elinor Glyn. The novel was later adapted into a 1922 silent film in which Gloria Swanson and Rudolph Valentino (credited as Rodolph Valentino) starred together for the only time. The film was directed by Sam Wood and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 Cemetery Girl is a novel written by David Bell which was released by NewAmerican Library a member of Penguin Group USA in 2011.
 What I Loved is a novel written by American writer Siri Hustvedt first published in 2003 by Hodder and Stoughton in London. It is written from the point of view of Leo Hertzberg an art historian living in New York. The author herself grew up in Northfield Minnesota and then moved to New York in 1978.
 Cat Street (キャットストリート Kyatto Sutorīto) is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Yoko Kamio. It was serialized by Shueisha in Bessatsu Margaret from August 2004 and October 2007 and collected in eight bound volumes.It was adapted as a six-episode live-action drama broadcast on NHK between August 28 and October 1 2008.
 Oyayubihime Infinity (オヤユビヒメ∞ Oyayubi-hime Infiniti) is a shōjo manga series by Toru Fujieda. It was published in Japan by Akita Shoten starting in April 2004 and continuing for six tankōbon volumes until its conclusion in May 2006. The series was licensed by CMX manga for an English language release in North American starting in June 2006.
 Pygmy is an epistolary novel by Chuck Palahniuk. It was released on May 5 2009.
 Swords Against Darkness IV is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andrew J. Offutt. It was first published in paperback by Zebra Books in September 1979.The book collects eleven short stories and novelettes and one essay by various fantasy authors together with a foreword in two parts and a special word by Offutt.
 Red Midnight is a novel written by Ben Mikaelsen. It is set in Guatemala in spring of 1981.
 The Ships of Earth (1994) is the third book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card. The Homecoming saga is a fictionalization of the first few hundred years recorded in the Book of Mormon.
 Captain Confederacy is an alternate history comic book by Will Shetterly and Vince Stone that was published between 1986 and 1992. It tells the story of a superhero created for propaganda purposes in a world in which the Confederate States of America won their independence.
 The Journal of Photochemistry and Photobiology is a series of peer-reviewed scientific journals covering the fields of photochemistry and photobiology published by Elsevier. It was originally established in 1972 and split into Journal of Photochemistry and Photobiology A: Chemistry and Journal of Photochemistry and Photobiology B: Biology in 1987.
 The Coast News is a weekly newspaper published in Encinitas California. It covers community news events and city government in North San Diego County.Founded in 1987 by independent publisher Jim Kydd the company now publishes The Coast News The Rancho Santa Fe News and the Encinitas Chamber of Commerce newsletter. The newspaper is known to voice its editorial opinion on community issues.
 Windows: The Official Magazine is a technology magazine produced by Future plc in association with Microsoft and published worldwide. The title describes itself as A PC magazine for real life and contains news features guides and reviews designed to show readers how to make better use of their Windows PC.The magazine is notable for being the biggest magazine launch in publishing history going on sale in eleven countries simultaneously.
 Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival Resilience and Redemption is a 2010 non-fiction book by Laura Hillenbrand author of the best-selling book Seabiscuit: An American Legend. Unbroken is a biography of World War II hero Louis Zamperini a former Olympic track star who survived a plane crash in the Pacific theater spent 47 days drifting on a raft and then more than two and a half years as a prisoner of war in several brutal Japanese internment camps.
 The Indianapolis Recorder is a weekly newspaper which began publishing in 1895. The newspaper holds the distinction of being published longer than any other African-American paper in Indiana and is also the nation's fourth oldest-surviving African-American newspaper. The newspaper's primary readership is African-American.
 Armed America: Portraits of Gun Owners in Their Homes published in 2006 by Krause Publications is a book by American photographer Kyle Cassidy. The book examines who is a gun owner and their reasons for owing a gun.
 Vidarbha Chandika is a Hindi-language weekly newspaper published from Nagpur. It was launched on May 1 1989.
 Charlotte's Web is a children's novel by American author E. B. White and illustrated by Garth Williams; it was published in 1952 by Harper & Brothers. The novel tells the story of a pig named Wilbur and his friendship with a barn spider named Charlotte.
 The Cimarron Review is a major American literary journal published quarterly by the Oklahoma State University. It was founded in 1967 and its current editor is E.P. Walkiewicz.
 Scootering is a British magazine published by the Morton's Media Group and covers classic motorscooters especially Vespa and Lambretta the people who ride them and products of interest to scooterists.The first issue of Scootering was published by Myatt McFarlene in May 1985 with Mike Roberts as the editor. After Mike's death in 1987 Gareth Brown became editor. In 1989 Myatt McFarelne purchased Scooter Scene magazine from Stuart Lanning and made Lanning the editor of the combined magazines.
 Finding Cassie Crazy (titled The Year of Secret Assignments outside of Australia and the UK) is a novel by Jaclyn Moriarty. It was first published 2003 in Australia. The novel is both a stand-alone and also the second book of the Ashbury/Brookfield Series.
 The Atrocity Exhibition is an experimental collection of condensed novels by British writer J. G. Ballard.The book was originally published in the UK in 1970 by Jonathan Cape. After a 1970 edition by Doubleday & Company had already been printed Nelson Doubleday Jr. personally cancelled the publication and had the copies destroyed fearing legal action from some of the celebrities depicted in the book.
 Goku Midnight Eye (Japanese: Midnight Eye ゴクウ Hepburn: Midnight Eye Gokū) is a manga series by Buichi Terasawa about a detective named Goku Furinji (風林寺 悟空 Fūrinji Gokū) who gains a cybernetic eye implant that can control any computer system. The manga has been published in English by ComicsOne and DrMaster.
 A Village Affair (published in 1989) is a novel by prolific English romance author Joanna Trollope. The story concerns a housewife and mother who embarks on an affair with a female acquaintance. It was televised by ITV starring Sophie Ward Kerry Fox and Nathaniel Parker (as well as a small role by young Keira Knightley).
 Sex Sin and Zen: A Buddhist Exploration of Sex from Celibacy to Polyamory and Everything in Between is a book written by Zen priest and punk rock bassist Brad Warner. The book is an exploration of sex from a modern Zen Buddhist perspective. It alternates between practical chapters and more arcane conceptual ones.The book also features an interview with porn star Nina Hartley who was raised in Berkeley California by two Zen Buddhists.
 This article is about the standard chronicle of Konbaung Dynasty. See Glass Palace Chronicle for the article on the English translation of the chronicle.Hmannan Maha Yazawindawgyi (Burmese: မှန်နန်း မဟာ ရာဇဝင်တော်ကြီး pronounced: [m̥àɴnáɴ məhà jàzəwɪ̀ɴdɔ̀dʑí]; commonly Hmannan Yazawin; known in English as the Glass Palace Chronicle) is the first official chronicle of Konbaung Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar). It was compiled by the Royal Historical Commission between 1829 and 1832.
 Equus is a play by Peter Shaffer written in 1973 telling the story of a psychiatrist who attempts to treat a young man who has a pathological religious fascination with horses.Shaffer was inspired to write Equus when he heard of a crime involving a 17-year-old who blinded six horses in a small town near Suffolk. He set out to construct a fictional account of what might have caused the incident without knowing any of the details of the crime.
 The Historian is the 2005 debut novel of American author Elizabeth Kostova. The plot blends the history and folklore of Vlad Ţepeş and his fictional equivalent Count Dracula. Kostova's father told her stories about Dracula when she was a child and later in life she was inspired to turn the experience into a novel.
 Pietà is a collection of essays by the Hungarian-Swedish biologist George Klein first published in Sweden in 1989. It includes nine essays by Klein several touching broadly on the theme of whether life is worth living. The introduction opens with a quote from Albert Camus in The Myth of Sisyphus (1942): There is but one truly philosophical problem and that is suicide.
 Girlfriend in a Coma is a novel by Canadian writer and artist Douglas Coupland. It was first published by HarperCollins Canada in 1998. The novel tells the story of a group of friends growing up in Vancouver British Columbia Canada in the late 1970s. On the night of a teenage house-wrecking party one of the protagonists Karen falls into a coma.
 Dreams of My Russian Summers (French: Le Testament français) is a French novel by Andrei Makine originally published in 1995. It won two top French awards the Prix Goncourt and the Prix Médicis. The novel is told in first-person view and tells the fictional story of a boy’s memories and experiences with his French grandmother in the Soviet Union in the 1960s and ‘70s.
 Dolores (1976) is Jacqueline Susann's last novel. It is a thinly-veiled presentation on the life of Jacqueline Kennedy. It was published in 1976. A condensed version of the novel was published in the Ladies' Home Journal under the title Jackie by Jackie. When her severe illness prevented Susann from completing Dolores her close friend and fellow writer Rex Reed anonymously took over. the novel was published posthumously.[citation needed]
 Kingdom Come is a novel by Melvyn Bragg first published in 1980. It is the third part of Bragg's Cumbrian Trilogy.The story moves from Thurston (Bragg's name for Wigton) to London and New York some time in the 1970s and follows a series of major disruptions in the life of Douglas Tallentire a writer and TV producer. Douglas is the son of Joseph Tallentire the central character of Bragg's A Place in England and grandson of John Tallentire central character of The Hired Man.
 The Killing Dance is the sixth in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Born Free and Equal: The Story of Loyal Japanese-Americans is a book by Ansel Adams containing photographs from his 1943–4 visit to the internment camp then named Manzanar War Relocation Center in Owens Valley Inyo County California. The book was published in 1944 by U.S. Camera in New York.In the summer of 1943 Adams was invited by his friend newly appointed camp director Ralph Merritt to photograph life at the camp.
 The Fractal Prince is the second science fiction novel by Hannu Rajaniemi and the second novel to feature the post-human gentleman thief Jean le Flambeur. It was published in Britain by Gollancz in September 2012 and by Tor in the same year in the US. The novel is the second in a planned trilogy.
 Wine Spectator is a lifestyle magazine that focuses on wine and wine culture. It publishes 15 issues per year with content that includes news articles profiles and general entertainment pieces. Each issue also includes from 400 to more than 1000 wine reviews which consist of wine ratings and tasting notes.Among the critics in the magazine's tasting panel are James Molesworth Kim Marcus Bruce Sanderson Harvey Steiman James Laube and from 1981 to 2010 James Suckling.
 The Crystal Palace is the second novel in The Book of Elementals series by Phyllis Eisenstein. (The first novel Sorcerer's Son was first published as a mass market paperback from Del Rey Books in 1979.) The Crystal Palace was originally released in 1988 as a mass-market paperback from Signet. It was last in-print in both hardcover and trade paperback in the 2002 omnibus volume The Book of Elementals (with Sorcerer's Son) from Meisha Merlin Publishing.
 In the tradition of Rider Haggard's 1887 novel She By The Gods Beloved concerns a lost race of ancient Egyptians.The book was first published in the UK in 1905 and was released under the title The Gates of Kamt in the US.In her autobiography Links in the Chains of Life Baroness Orczy comments:“The book that gave me more pleasure to write than any of the others is By the Gods Beloved not only because I could allow my imagination to go roaming in hitherto unexplored realms but because I could give it full sway in picturesque descriptions of places that did not really exist and in people and characters who could have no attributes that were entirely normal and modern.”Orczy is not what could be described as politically correct in her treatment and description of black people and some passages in the book may offend those who are sensitive about such matters.
 Murder at the Vicarage is a 1949 play by Moie Charles and Barbara Toy based on the 1930 novel of the same name by Agatha Christie. Christie's official biography suggests that the play was written by Christie with changes then made by Charles and Toy presumably enough for them to claim the credit.
 Personality Disorders: Theory Research and Treatment is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 2009 and covers research in personality psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Carl W. Lejuez of the University of Maryland.
 Seven Ancient Wonders (Seven Deadly Wonders in the United States of America) is a book written by the Australian author Matthew Reilly in 2005. Its sequel The Six Sacred Stones was released in the fall of 2007. The most recent novel in the series The Five Greatest Warriors was released in Australia on October 20 2009.
 Pierre Menard Author of the Quixote (original Spanish title: Pierre Menard autor del Quijote) is a short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges.It originally appeared in Spanish in the Argentine journal Sur in May 1939. The Spanish-language original was first published in book form in Borges's 1941 collection El Jardín de senderos que se bifurcan (The Garden of Forking Paths) which was included in his much-reprinted Ficciones (1944).
 A Confession (Russian: Исповедь [Ispoved']) is a short work (confession) on the subject of melancholia philosophy and religion by the acclaimed Russian novelist Leo Tolstoy. It was written in 1879 to 1880 when Tolstoy was of late-middle age.
 The Science of Discworld II: The Globe is a 2002 book written by the novelist Terry Pratchett and the popular science writers Ian Stewart and Jack Cohen. It is a sequel to The Science of Discworld and is followed by The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch. The book alternates between a typically absurd Discworld story and serious scientific exposition.
 Suckers: How Alternative Medicine Makes Fools of Us All is a book about alternative medicine written by author and health journalist Rose Shapiro. It was published by Vintage Books in 2008. It covers very similar ground to Simon Singh and Edzard Ernst's book Trick or Treatment but is written in a more journalistic and polemical style.
 Southern Cross is the sole wordless novel by Canadian artist Laurence Hyde (1914–1987). In 118 wood engravings it tells of atomic testing by the US military and its effects on Polynesian island inhabitants. Hyde made the book to express his anger at the US military's nuclear tests in the Bikini Atoll in 1946.While working at the National Film Board of Canada Hyde carved the blocks for Southern Cross from 1948 until 1951.
 The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail (retitled Holy Blood Holy Grail in the United States) is a book by Michael Baigent Richard Leigh and Henry Lincoln.The book was first published in 1982 by Jonathan Cape in London as an unofficial follow-up to three BBC Two TV documentaries that were part of the Chronicle series. The paperback version was first published in 1983 by Corgi books. A sequel to the book called The Messianic Legacy was originally published in 1986.
 James Bond: The Authorized Biography of 007 (laterJames Bond: The Authorised Biography) by John Pearson is a fictional biography of James Bond first published in 1973; Pearson also wrote the biography The Life of Ian Fleming (1966).The Authorized Biography of 007 was not commissioned by Glidrose Publications. It originated as a spoof novel for publisher Sidgwick & Jackson however Pearson knew Peter Janson-Smith the Glidrose chairman who gave permission for the work to be published.
 The Infinities is a 2009 novel by the Irish writer John Banville.
 El Fagr (IPA: [elˈfæɡɾ]; also Al Fagr Arabic: الفجر‎ The dawn) is an Egyptian independent newsweekly based in Cairo. It was launched in June 2005. hassan Amr is one of the former editors of the paper.
 Fides et Historia is a semi-annual peer-reviewed academic journal concerning the intersection of Christian faith and historical inquiry. It is published by The Conference on Faith and History. It is currently edited by Donald A. Yerxa.
 The Iron Star is a science fiction novel by author John Taine (pseudonym of Eric Temple Bell). It was first published in 1930 by E. P. Dutton.
 BelGazeta is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Venice for Lovers is a collection of essays and travel impressions about the city of Venice in Italy written by Louis Begley and wife Anka Muhlstein.
 August Heat is a 1910 short story by W. F.
 The World Wreckers is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published by Ace Books in 1971. The book is notable for a complex sub-plot involving the sexual interactions between hermaphrodite native species known as the chieri and humans.Though the book seems minor on a stand-alone basis it is a pivotal event in the part of the series that Zimmer Bradley identified as After the Comyn/Against the Terrans.
 The Road of the Eagles (a.k.a. Conan Man of Destiny) is a 1955 Conan the Barbarian novelette by L. Sprague de Camp based on a story by Robert E. Howard by the same name. It is usually credited to Howard and de Camp.
 Trial of Champions is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Brian Williams and originally published in 1986 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2003. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series.
 The Journal of Artificial Societies and Social Simulation is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal created and edited by Nigel Gilbert (University of Surrey). The journal publishes articles in computational sociology social simulation complexity science and artificial societies. Its approach is multi-disciplinary integrating sociology economy computer science or physics. The journal is published open access.
 Mediapart is a French online investigative and opinion journal created in 2008 by the former editor-in-chief of Le Monde Edwy Plenel among others. It has left-leaning stance.[citation needed]Mediapart's income is purely derived from subscription fees and the website does not carry any advertising.
 Twilight at the Well of Souls is the fifth novel in the Well of Souls series by American author Jack L. Chalker. It is a science fiction novel. Twilight at the Well of Souls concludes the narrative begun in the fourth book The Return of Nathan Brazil.
 All the King's Men is a novel by Robert Penn Warren first published in 1946. Its title is drawn from the nursery rhyme Humpty Dumpty. In 1947 Warren won the Pulitzer Prize for All the King's Men. It was adapted for film in 1949 and 2006; the 1949 version won the Academy Award for Best Picture. It is rated the 36th greatest novel of the 20th century by Modern Library and it was chosen as one of TIME magazine's 100 best novels since 1923.
 The Bridges at Toko-Ri (1953) is a novella by American author James A. Michener. The book details the experiences of United States Navy pilots in the Korean War as they undertake a mission to destroy heavily protected bridges in enemy territory.
 Stormwatch: Team Achilles is an American super-hero series the third incarnation/revision of the Image comics Stormwatch. This version was penned by Micah Ian Wright with illustrations contributed by Whilce Portacio C. P. Smith Mark Texeira Tomm Coker Carlos D'Anda and Clement Sauve. The longest run for a penciler on the book was by Smith who drew issues 11-19. The title featured covers by Portacio Jason Pearson and Michael Golden.
 Hordubal is a Czech novel written by Karel Čapek. It was first published in 1933. It compares internal and external knowledge. It is considered part of a trilogy with Meteor and An Ordinary Life.
 Socialist Worker is the name of several socialist newspapers currently or formerly associated with the International Socialist Tendency (IST).
 The Wellington Weekly News is a newspaper in Wellington Somerset England. It is owned by Tindle Newspaper Group who bought it in 2006 from Northcliffe Newspapers.
 Design Week is a UK-based website formerly a magazine launched in 1986 for the design industry. The publication was first published in October 1986 by Centaur Communications. ABC primary circulation for 2007 was 8074. In 2011 Design Week became a digital-only publication.Design Week is a business publication as distinct from design-focused publications like Wallpaper and Creative Review. Its competitors include Brand Republic and Marketing Week.
 Gemini Blood is a nine-issue comic book series published by DC Comics under its Helix imprint. Dated from September 1996 to May 1997 the series was written by Christopher Hinz and illustrated by Tommy Lee Edwards. It was placed in the same universe as Hinz's Paratwa Saga featured in his trilogy of novels consisting of Liege-Killer (1987) Ash Ock (1989) and The Paratwa (1991). Set in the mid 21st century the world of Gemini Blood was one of increasing global chaos.
 Heroina (trans. Heroine) was a Croatian and former Yugoslav music magazine.
 The Winston-Salem Journal is a daily newspaper primarily serving the city of Winston-Salem North Carolina and its county Forsyth County North Carolina. It also features coverage of Northwestern North Carolina and circulates as far west as Tennessee and north to Virginia.The paper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway. The Journal was founded in 1897.
 ¡Calexico! True Lives of the Borderlands is a 2011 book by Doctor of Philosophy Peter Laufer. It covers Laufer's encounters and experiences during his week-long stay in Calexico California a city on the Mexico–California border. He asks citizens there various questions about life on the border such as what draws them to border towns and if English-only would be a realistic policy.
 Paediatric and Perinatal Epidemiology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering epidemiologic research related to paediatrics and perinatology. It was established in 1987 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell. The editor-in-chief is Cande V. Ananth (Columbia University Medical Center). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.157.
 Neonatology (formerly Biology of the Neonate) is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the fields of fetal and neonatal research and is published by Karger Publishers. It was established in 1959 as Biologia Neonatorum and renamed to Biology of the Neonate in 1970 obtaining its current name in 2006. Developmental Pharmacology and Therapeutic was incorporated into the Biology of the Neonate in 1996. Its editors-in-chief are H. L. Halliday (Queen's University Belfast) and C. P.
 The Heart of Jade (Spanish: El corazón de piedra verde) is a novel by Spanish author Salvador de Madariaga first published in 1942. It is widely regarded as an exceptional example of modern Spanish-language literature.
 Westwind is a 1990 novel written by Ian Rankin and is one of the author's earliest works. The author has explained on his website that he was not happy with the outcome and unlike other early works by Rankin it has not been reissued.
 The Journal of Economic Geography is a peer reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press. This journal covers all topics in economic geography. Publishing formats include original contributions and reviews of selected books. The editors are Harald Bathelt (University of Toronto) Kristian Behrens (Université du Québec à Montréal) Henry Overman (London School of Economics) and Neil Wrigley (University of Southampton).
 The Round House is a political novel by Louise Erdrich. It won the National Book Award for Fiction in 2012.
 Journal of Research on Adolescence is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Research on Adolescence. The editor-in-chief is Nancy G. Guerra (University of Delaware). The journal covers research on adolescence using both quantitative and qualitative methodologies applied to cognitive physical emotional and social development and behavior.
 Duncton Wood is the title of the first novel by author William Horwood as well as a six-volume fantasy series to which it was later extended.
 The Outcasts of 19 Schuyler Place (2004) is a young adult novel by E. L. Konigsburg. It is a companion of Silent to the Bonea kind of sequel published four years earlier. Parent publisher Simon & Schuster recommends it for Ages 10 up.
 The Last Hunt was written by Milton Lott while he was in one of George R. Stewart's classes. Lott worked on the novel while in school and received a fellowship from Houghton Mifflin to finish the book. The book was made into a movie. It was published in German by the Deutsche Hausbücherei in 1956 as Die letzte Jagd.The story is set in the 19th century and deals with the lives of two men whose cattle herd is wiped out by a storm. The men go into the buffalo hunting business.
 The Stalk is a 1994 science fiction novel by Chris Morris and Janet Morris. It is the third book of their Threshold trilogy.
 The St. Augustine Record is a daily morning newspaper published in St. Augustine Florida. The newspaper was founded in 1894 and is owned by Morris Communications of Augusta Georgia.St. Augustine Record is serving the community's needs The St. Augustine Record has been serving St. Johns County readers since October 21 1894 when The Daily Herald went to press.Charles F. Hopkins Jr. who owned a real estate business in downtown St.
 Wintle's Wonders is a children's novel about a theatrical troupe by Noel Streatfeild. It was first published in 1957 and in 1958 was published in the US as Dancing Shoes a title which has also been used in more recent UK editions. A number of Streatfeild's children's novels have undergone similar retitling linking them to her most successful book Ballet Shoes.
 Samurai Crusader: The Kumomaru Chronicles (Japanese: 王立院雲丸の生涯 Hepburn: Ōritsuin Kumomaru no Shōgai) is a shōnen manga by Hiroi Oji and Ryoichi Ikegami. The manga has been released in its entirety by Viz Media in the United States.
 Playing Beatie Bow is an Australian children's book written by Ruth Park and first published on 31 January 1980.The story is set in Sydney Australia and is about a girl named Abigail (formerly Lynette) who travels back in time to colonial Sydney-Town in the year 1873 where she meets Beatie Bow a girl whose name has become part of Abigail's local folklore. Much of the book is set in real-life locations around Sydney's historical Rocks district.
 Christian History is a magazine on the history of Christianity. It was established by Ken Curtis in 1982 and published by the Christian History Institute. From 1989 to 2008 it was published by Christianity Today International before being revived once more by the Christian History Institute in 2011.
 SQL Server Pro (ISSN-1522-2187) is a trade digital publication and website owned by Penton serving the information needs of IT Professionals in various fields including data processing database administration database development computer-related consulting and many other areas.The Editorial Director is Megan Keller with the editorial offices located in Fort Collins Colorado USA.Established in 1999 SQL Server Pro is a monthly digital publication and technical website for Microsoft SQL Server professionals. 
 The International Journal of Software and Informatics is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal of computer science. It was started by the Institute of Software of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
 Space Ace (宇宙エース Uchū Ēsu) is a Japanese science fiction manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuo Yoshida and serialized in Shueisha's Shōnen Book magazine from June 1964 to May 1966. It was adapted into an anime television series by Tatsunoko Production and aired on Fuji TV from May 8 1965 to April 28 1966.
 Spycatcher: The Candid Autobiography of a Senior Intelligence Officer is a book written by Peter Wright former MI5 officer and Assistant Director and co-author Paul Greengrass. It was published first in Australia. Its allegations proved scandalous on publication but more so because the British Government attempted to ban it ensuring its profit and notoriety.
 A Division of the Spoils is the 1975 novel by Paul Scott that concludes his Raj Quartet.
 Urban Realm formerly Prospect is a quarterly architecture and planning magazine published in Scotland with a focus on Scottish issues. The magazine was established as Prospect in 1922 by the Royal Incorporation of Architects in Scotland and is the oldest architectural magazine in the United Kingdom. It was rebranded as Urban Realm to reflect the wider environment in which architecture operates covering policy planning engineering and strategic issues as well as new buildings.
 Singularity's Ring is a science fiction novel by Paul Melko. The story is set in a future after a singularity event which caused the bulk of humanity to disappear. The focus of this event was a huge space station which rings the Earth and which remains uninhabited after the singularity. Humans who remained on Earth have maintained an industrial technological base and are working to re-enter space.
 Les Fiançailles de M. Hire (Monsieur Hire's Engagement) is the title of a short novel by Belgian writer Georges Simenon. It is among one of the author's first self-described roman durs or hard novels to distinguish it from his romans populaires or popular novels which are primarily mysteries that usually feature his famous Inspector Maigret character.The novel is divided into eleven chapters and is written using the third-person narrative mode.
 Creation is an epic historical fiction novel by Gore Vidal which was published in 1981. In 2002 he published a restored version adding four chapters that a previous editor had cut. He also added a brief 2002 foreword explaining what had happened to the book in its original version and why he restored the cut chapters.
 Psychoneuroendocrinology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in psychoneuroendocrinology published by Elsevier. It is an official journal of the International Society of Psychoneuroendocrinology and was established in 1976. The editors-in-chief are Robert Dantzer (University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center) and Ned H. Kalin (University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health).
 For the Epithets of God Hermes see: Epithets of HermesHermes o Logios also known as Logios Ermis (Greek: Ἑρμῆς ὁ Λόγιος Hermes the Scholar) was a Greek periodical printed in Vienna Austria from 1811 to 1821. It is regarded as the most significant and longest running periodical of the period prior to the outbreak of the Greek War of Independence containing contributions by key scholars and intellectuals.
 Coronado: Stories is a collection of five short stories and a play by the American author Dennis Lehane. Until Gwen the collection's fifth story was published in the June 2004 edition of The Atlantic prior to its inclusion in Coronado.
 The American Journal of Kidney Diseases is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of nephrology. It is the official journal of the National Kidney Foundation and is published by Elsevier. The journal publishes original research case reports and educational articles such as narrative reviews and teaching cases. It is abstracted and indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE/Index Medicus. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.294.
 Cliometrica is an academic journal about economic history. It follows the quantitative or formal approaches that have been called cliometrics or the new economic history applied to any place and time. These formal approaches apply mathematical economic theory model building and statistical estimation.The journal's first issues came out in 2007. It is published by Springer.
 The Pure and the Impure (French: Le Pur et l'impur) is a 1932 novel by the French writer Colette. It consists of a series of conversations about sex gender and attraction. Colette considered it her best book and described it as the nearest I shall ever come to writing an autobiography.
 Rumors is a young adult novel by author Anna Godbersen. It is the second book in The Luxe series.
 Cartesian Reflection is a book by John Cottingham. It appeared in 2008. The work consists of several essays that deal with diverse topics such as Descartes's views of animals his position on the dualism of mind and body and the relation between his thoughts and those of Spinoza.
 The Separation is a 2002 novel by Christopher Priest. It is an alternate history revolving around the experiences of identical twin brothers during the Second World War during which one becomes a pilot for the RAF and the other a conscientious objector becomes an ambulance driver for the Red Cross. The author introduces a deliberate confusion by giving these brothers identical initials – J.L.
 Underdogs (2011) is an anthology by the Australian young-adult fiction writer Markus Zusak. It consists of Zusak's first three books The Underdog (1999) Fighting Ruben Wolfe (2000) and When Dogs Cry (2001).
 The Daily Star is a popular daily tabloid newspaper published in the United Kingdom. It first published on 2 November 1978 and was the first new national paper to be launched since the Daily Worker in 1930 (now the Morning Star). For many years it published Monday to Saturday but on 15 September 2002 a sister Sunday edition the Daily Star Sunday was launched with a separate staff.
 Photoplay can also refer to a type of novel popular during the silent era of Hollywood.Photoplay was one of the first American film fan magazines. It was founded in 1911 in Chicago the same year that J. Stuart Blackton founded a similar magazine entitled Motion Picture Story. For most of its life it was published by Macfadden Publications.
 The Nano Flower is a novel by Peter F. Hamilton published on 10 March 1995. It is the final book in the Greg Mandel trilogy.
 Jadoo Teri Nazar is a Marathi play directed by Mangesh Kadam and written by Ratnakar Matkari. The star cast includes Prashant Damle Manisha Joshi Shalaka Pawar Satish Tare.The play is a romantic comedy musical.
 Art and Scholasticism (French: Art et scolastique) is a 1920 book by Jacques Maritain his major contribution to aesthetics.
 Zen Ties is a 2008 children's picture book by Jon J. Muth. The book is a follow-up to Zen Shorts (2005) and a third book Zen Ghosts was released in September 2010.
 Beyond the Nightmare Gate is the third book in the World of Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever and written by Ian Page. It is one of four books in the mini-series and features Grey Star for whom the first book is named a young Wizard trained by the enigmatic Shianti to stop the Wytch-King and his Shadakine Empire. All four of the Grey Star books were released by Project Aon along with many of the other installments of the Lone Wolf series.
 Fear Agent is a science fiction comic book series by Rick Remender with art by Tony Moore and Jerome Opena who alternate on story arcs. The series is published by Dark Horse Comics and previously by Image Comics.The series stars the rugged alcoholic Texas spaceman Heath Huston the supposed last Fear Agent in a series of fast-paced adventures.
 Fast Company is a full-color business magazine that releases 10 issues per year and focuses on technology business and design. Fast Company's current editor is Robert Safian who previously worked with Fortune Time and Money. The magazine has won numerous industry awards.
 Unfamiliar Fishes is a nonfiction book by This American Life contributor Sarah Vowell first published in 2011 in print and audiobook versions.
 Stick to Drawing Comics Monkey Brain!: Cartoonist Ignores Helpful Advice is a book by Scott Adams creator of Dilbert.The book consists of some of Adams' blog posts and entries. As there are many topics in the book the content of the chapters jumps abruptly from one subject to another.
 The Two Kings and the Two Labyrinths (original Spanish title: Una Leyenda Arábiga (Historia de los dos Reyes y los dos Laberintos como Nota de Burton) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges first published in June 1939. It deals with a number of Borgesian themes: labyrinths supposed obscure folk tales Arabia and Islam. This is one of the shorter short stories in world literature.
 Vassalord (ヴァッサロード Vassarōdo) is a josei manga series written and illustrated by Nanae Chrono. It was serialized in Comic Blade Avarus from March 30 2006 until its conclusion in February 15 2013. The individual chapters were collected and published in 7 bound volumes by Mag Garden with the first volume released on May 10 2006 and the final volume released on March 15 2013.It is licensed for an English language release in North America by Tokyopop.
 The Morning Gift is a bestselling novel by the English author Eva Ibbotson based on her own experience as a refugee.The story is set during the prelude and beginning of the Second World War and combines a picture of 1930s emigrant life with a love story. First published in 1993 the book very soon became a bestseller. It was reissued in 2007 after briefly being out of print where copies of the book changed hands for over GBP 100 a piece.
 The Haunt of Fear was a bi-monthly horror comic anthology series published by EC Comics in 1950. Along with Tales from the Crypt and The Vault of Horror it formed a trifecta of popular EC horror anthologies. The Haunt of Fear was sold at newsstands beginning with its May/June 1950 issue. It ceased publication with its November/December 1954 issue compiling a total of 28 issues.
 A Singer's Romance is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in Cosmopolitan in July 1900.
 The Hunters is the third installment in the Brotherband novel series by Australian author John Flanagan. It was released on 30 October 2012 in the United States 1 November 2012 in Australia and 2 November 2012 in New Zealand.
 Comics and Sequential Art is a 1985 book by American cartoonist Will Eisner that provides an analytical overview of comics. It is based on a series of essays that appeared in The Spirit magazine themselves based on Eisner's experience teaching a course in sequential art at the School of Visual Arts. It is not presented as a teaching guide however but as a series of demonstrations of principles and methods.
 Talking Right subtitled How Conservatives Turned Liberalism into a Tax-Raising Latte-Drinking Sushi-Eating Volvo-Driving New York Times-Reading Body-Piercing Hollywood-Loving Left-Wing Freak Show is a 2006 book by Geoffrey Nunberg who applies his expertise as a linguist to the United States Democratic Party's failure to win elections.Earlier commentators have attributed this failure to such matters as weak slogans.
 Honey! I Shrunk the World is a global digital media handbook launched by Ignitee Digital Solutions Pvt Ltd. The handbook was launched on 22 December 2009 at Crosswords Mumbai.The book contains Digital basics internet and mobile statistics of countries around the world list of must see websites trends and predictions in the digital space news round up case studies of brands who walked the red carpet at various awards detailed tables glossary and much more.
 Foreign Policy is a bimonthly American magazine founded in 1970 by Samuel P. Huntington and Warren Demian Manshel. It is currently managed by David Rothkopf.Originally the magazine was a quarterly in a notable unusual physical format – printed in a narrow 4 × 11 size.
 Hecatodistichon was a poem written in 1550 by the Seymour sisters Jane Anne and Margaret. It was the first female-authored English-language encomium the only work by Englishwomen published in Latin in the 16th century and the only work by any Englishwomen published in any language before the 1560s.It was written on the death of Marguerite de Navarre sister of the French king and queen of Navarre.It comprised 104 distichs or couplets.
 La Nueva Provincia is a local newspaper published in Bahía Blanca Argentina.The news daily was founded by Enrique Julio on August 1 1898. Closely associated with the nation's agricultural interests it was closed by President Juan Perón in 1950.
 Peril's Gate is volume six of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts. It is also volume three of the Alliance of Light the third story arc in the Wars of Light and Shadow.
 Middle East Critique is a peer reviewed Middle Eastern studies journal published by Taylor & Francis for the Center for Middle Eastern Studies at Lund University. The mission of Middle East Critique is to publish critical analyses of the history and contemporary political social economic and cultural aspects of Middle Eastern countries.
 The Negro Digest (later renamed Black World) was a popular African-American magazine founded in November 1942 by John H. Johnson. It was first published locally in Chicago Illinois. The Negro Digest was similar to the Reader's Digest but aimed to cover positive stories about the African-American community.
 Conversations avec J. M. G. Le Clézio are the written dialogues in French from the conversations from September 2.1969 and from the January 11. until the January 16.1971 when Pierre Lhoste interviewed French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.Introduction written by J. M. G. Le Clézio. Pierre Lhoste interviews J. M. G. Le Clézio. Illustrated.
 Journal of Vibration and Control is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Acoustics. The journal's editor is Ali Nayfeh (Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University). It has been in publication since 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Monographs of the Society for Research in Child Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell. It is one of three journals published on behalf of the Society for Research in Child Development. The editor-in-chief is W. Andrew Collins (University of Minnesota).
 Cineaste is a film magazine that was established in 1967. It is published quarterly. Cineaste publishes reviews in-depth analyses and interviews with filmmakers and actors. The magazine is independently operated from New York City with no financial ties to any film studios or academic institutions.
 Filumena Marturano is a play written in 1946 by Italian playwright and philosopher Eduardo De Filippo.
 A Mind Is A Terrible Thing To Read is a mystery novel written by William Rabkin in January 6 2009. It is based on the USA Network television series Psych. It has all of the same characters Shawn Spencer Burton Guster Henry Spencer Juliet O'Hara Carlton Lassiter and Karen Vick. The book is the first one of the five part series written by Rabkin. The book also begins with a flashback to Shawn's childhood where his father Henry attempts to train his son to follow in his steps.
 At the Gates of Darkness is a 2010 fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist the second book of his Demonwar Saga and the 26th book in his Riftwar Cycle. The book continues the events of the previous novel involving Pug's battle with Belasco and the Demon Horde.
 Kogaratsu is a comics series created by the Belgian comics creators Bosse (pseudonym of Serge Bosmans) and Michetz (pseudonym of Marc Degroide). It was first published in Spirou magazine in 1982. The success of the series written by Bosse and illustrated by Michetz inspired then illustrator and script writer Bosse to give up illustrating in order to focus solely at script writing.
 Tree is a 1978 historical novel by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José. A story of empathy and subjugation it is the second in José’s series known as The Rosales Saga or the Rosales Novels. The tree in the novel is a representation of the expectations and dreams of Filipinos.
 The Saga of the Sanpitch was a collection of biographical short stories published annually from 1969 to 1998 about early Scandinavian immigrants to the Sanpete Valley.
 Cry of the Peacock is the first novel from Gina B. Nahai and follows the story of a family of Jews through seven generations from 1780s Persia to contemporary Iran. The book was published in 1991 by Crown Publishing Group in the United States and won several awards. It was an alternate selection of The Book of the Month Club and The Doubleday Book Club.
 The Computer Paper (sometimes referred to as TCP for a time HUB and then HUB-The Computer Paper) was a monthly computer magazine that was published in Canada (both in print and online) from February 1988 until November 2008. The magazine was originally published by Canada Computer Paper Inc. It was purchased in 1997 by Hebdo Mag International of Paris France and then to Piccolo Publishing Ltd of Toronto in 2003. Publication ceased in November 2008 as a result of declining ad revenues.
 Gekashitsu (外科室 Gekashitsu) is a short story by Kyōka Izumi. It was first published in 1895.
 The BLT Cookbook is a cookbook about the preparation of bacon lettuce and tomato (BLT) sandwiches. It was written by Michele Anna Jordan and was published by William Morrow Cookbooks in the United States in June 2003. Jordan is a food writer and has written for The Press Democrat; The BLT Cookbook is her 14th published book. She researched the book for ten years and in the process she taste-tested hundreds of variations on the sandwich describing it as America's most beloved sandwich.
 The Meditative Mind is a 1988 book written by American psychologist Daniel Goleman first published in 1977 with the title The Varieties of Meditative Experience. His 1995 book Emotional Intelligence became a New York Times bestseller.
 Next Fall is a play written by Geoffrey Nauffts. The play is about two gay men in a committed relationship with a twist with one Luke being devoutly religious and the other Adam an atheist. The play revolves around their five-year relationship and how they make it work despite their differences. However when an accident changes everything Adam must turn to Luke's family for support and answers.
 The Glitch in Sleep is the first novel in The Seems children series released as a hardcover on September 18 2007 by Bloomsbury Publishing. It was written by John Hulme and Michael Wexler. The book follows Becker Drane a Fixer for The Seems on his first Mission to find and capture a Glitch. The Seems is a parallel universe in charge of providing our World with what it needs to keep on going.The book has also been released as a paperback and as an audiobook.
 Expert Review of Clinical Immunology is a MEDLINE-indexed peer-reviewed international medical journal publishing review articles and original papers on all aspects of clinical immunology.
 Behind the Beat: Hip Hop Home Studios is a book by Raph (Rafael Rashid) where the home studios of twenty eight notable Hip-Hop producers are photographed (such as DJ Premier J Dilla Madlib and DJ Shadow) along with brief descriptions of the producers and their studios. It was published in 2005 by Gingko Press.
 Lamplighter is a young adult fantasy novel by D. M. Cornish first published in 2006. It is the second in the Monster Blood Tattoo Series.The book covers Rosamund's final weeks as a prentice-lighter the internal politics of the Lamplighters his first posting court-martial and leaving the service.
 Vermeer's Hat: The Seventeenth Century and the Dawn of the Global World is a book by the historian Professor Timothy Brook in which he explores the roots of world trade in the 17th century through six paintings by the Dutch Golden Age painter Johannes Vermeer. It focusses especially on growing ties between Europe and the rest of the world and the impact of China on the world during what Brook sees as an age of innovation and improvisation.
 Caliban's War is a 2012 science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey (pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck). It is about a conflict in the solar system that involves Earth Mars and the Asteroid Belt (colonies of people living on asteroids referred to as Belters). It is the second book in The Expanse series and is preceded by Leviathan Wakes. The third book Abaddon's Gate was released on June 4 2013.
 B. Ichi (B壱) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Atsushi Okubo and serialized in Monthly Shōnen Gangan in 2001-2002. The series was collected in four bound volumes which were released by Square Enix in Japan. The manga was licensed for distribution in North America by Yen Press which as of August 2009 had released three volumes in the series in English with the fourth volume scheduled for September release.
 Magical Meow Meow Taruto (魔法少女猫たると Mahō Shōjo Neko Taruto) is a Japanese manga & anime television series. The series centers on the exploits of a race of pet cats drawn as catgirls and the occasional catboy.
 The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick (German: Die Angst des Tormanns beim Elfmeter) is a 1970 novel by the Austrian writer Peter Handke. It was adapted into a 1972 film with the same title directed by Wim Wenders.
 Killer A Journal Of Murder is a 1970 biographical novel by American authors Thomas E. Gaddis and James O. Long. The book was republished in 2002 by Amok Books as Panzram: A Journal Of Murder (ISBN 1-878923-14-5).
 Surface Science Reports is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by North-Holland that covers the physics and chemistry of surfaces. It was established in 1981. It is the review journal corresponding to the journals Surface Science and Surface Science Letters.
 The Absence of War is a play by English playwright David Hare the final installment of his trilogy about contemporary Britain. The play premiered in 1993 at the Royal National Theatre London England.The play is based on his behind the scenes observations of the Labour Party leadership during their unsuccessful General Election campaign of the previous year.
 Butterfly Economics: A New General Theory of Social and Economic Behavior is a book by Paul Ormerod dealing with economic theory published in 1999.
 Acme Novelty Library is a comic book series created by Chicago cartoonist Chris Ware. Its first issue appeared in 1993. Published from 1994 by Fantagraphics Books and later self-published it is considered a significant work in alternative comics selling over 20000 copies per issue.
 Index to Fantasy and Science Fiction in Munsey Publications is a bibliography of science fiction stories that appeared magazines published by Frank Munsey. It was first published in book form in 1978 by William L. Crawford without imprint in an edition of 100 copies. Although the book is uncredited it may be a reprint of a bibliography done for the Fantasy Amateur Press Association by Bill Evans c.1945.
 The Hound is a short story written by H. P. Lovecraft in September 1922 and published in the February 1924 issue of Weird Tales. It contains the first mention of Lovecraft's fictional text the Necronomicon.
 The Lamplighter is a poem by Robert Louis Stevenson published in 1885 in Penny Whistles (better known today as A Child's Garden of Verses).This poem may be autobiographical. Stevenson was sickly growing up (probably tuberculosis) thus when I am stronger may refer to his hope of recovery. Further his illness isolated him so the loneliness expressed in the poem would fit well with his own childhood.There may also be some nostalgia reflected in the poem.
 Serafim Ponte Grande is a novel written by the Brazilian writer Oswald de Andrade. It was first published in 1933.
 Moonlight Mile (ムーンライトマイル Mūnraito Mairu) is a manga by Yasuo Ōtagaki which was also adapted into an anime television series. The manga is published by Shogakukan while the anime is directed by Iku Suzuki and animated by Studio Hibari. The first episode of the anime aired on Japan's WOWOW satellite network in a special advance broadcast on February 4 2007. The regular broadcast schedule began on March 3 2007.The story follows a pair of mountain climbers who decide to become astronauts.
 Dancing the Dream is a 1992 book of poems and reflections by American superstar entertainer and recording artist Michael Jackson. His second book it followed his 1988 autobiography Moonwalk. Dancing the Dream was dedicated to both his mother Katherine and to Deepak Chopra. Its foreword was written by Jackson's friend actress Elizabeth Taylor. The book also contains an assortment of around 100 photographs of Jackson.Dancing the Dream was published by Doubleday on June 18 1992.
 Administration and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of public administration. The journal's editor-in-chief is Gary L. Wamsley (Virginia Tech). It was established in 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Voice of the Turtle is a comedic Broadway play by John William Van Druten dealing with the challenges of the single life in New York City during World War II. Controversial in its time The Voice of the Turtle explores the sexual struggles of Sally Middleton a young woman attempting to reconcile her childhood teachings on the importance of chastity with her newfound affection for Bill Page.
 The Varsitarian (Varsi The V or V) is the official student publication of the University of Santo Tomas (UST). Founded in January 1928 by a group of students led by Jose Villa Panganiban it is one of first student newspapers in the Philippines. It is published fortnightly. The lampoon issue is called The Vuisitarian. Tomas U. Santos the mascot of the Varsitarian is a Thomasian who represents the students of the campus.
 Dreamcatcher (2001) is a science fiction novel written by Stephen King. It was adapted into a 2003 movie of the same name. The book written in cursive helped the author recuperate from a 1999 car accident and was completed in half a year. According to the author in his afterword the working title was Cancer. His wife Tabitha King persuaded him to change the title.
 Investment Week is an investments magazine that covers news fund performance and sector analysis for investment professionals.
 Czarne oceany (Polish: Black Oceans) is a novel written in 2001 by Jacek Dukaj Polish science fiction writer and published in Poland by Supernowa. The novel fits in the hard science fiction genre describing the late-21st century Earth facing technological singularity. The novel received the prime Polish award for sci-fi literature Janusz A. Zajdel Award for 2001.
 Mastery is the fifth book by American author Robert Greene. The book examines the lives of great historical figures—such as Charles Darwin Mozart and Henry Ford—and contemporary leaders—such as Paul Graham and Freddie Roach—and distills the traits and universal ingredients that made them masters. The book was published on November 13 2012 by Viking Adult.
 Varingen is a local newspaper published in Rotnes Norway. It covers the municipality of Nittedal.It was established in 1946 and has been independent throughout its existence. It had a circulation of 3843 in 1983 increasing to the current 6020 of whom 5852 are subscribers. It is owned by various local people and groups.
 The Horn of Mortal Danger is a 1980 novel by British musician Lawrence Leonard. It relates the adventures of a brother and sister as they discover a secret civilisation buried beneath the streets of London. It is a 'classical' children's fantasy.
 Watch the Birdie! is a 1964 comedy play by Norman Krasna.
 End This Depression Now! is a non-fiction book by Paul Krugman an American economist and Nobel laureate. He also writes a twice-weekly op-ed column for The New York Times and a blog named for his 2007 book The Conscience of a Liberal as well as teaches economics at Princeton University. The book is intended for a general audience and was published by W. W. Norton & Company in April 2012.
 Sagas of Conan is a 2004 omnibus collection of three previously issued fantasy books written by L. Sprague de Camp Lin Carter and Björn Nyberg featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books.
 Intelligent Governance for the 21st Century: A Middle Way Between West and East is a book published in 2012 by the investor and philanthropist Nicolas Berggruen and the editor and writer Nathan Gardels.It argues that Western democracies have become stymied by populism and short-term thinking while authoritarian Eastern nations notably China need to bolster their meritocratic but authoritarian systems with the popular legitimacy characteristic of Western polities.The book was first published in English and later translated into Spanish Portuguese and other languages.
 Again!! (アゲイン !! Agein!!) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mitsurō Kubo. It started serialization in 2011 in Weekly Shōnen Magazine published by Kodansha and is still ongoing.
 The Evil That Men Do is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Love Lab (恋愛ラボ Rabu Rabo) is a Japanese four-panel manga series written and illustrated by Ruri Miyahara. An anime adaptation by Dogakobo aired in Japan between July and September 2013.
 The Mandarin Daily News (traditional Chinese: 國語日報; simplified Chinese: 国语日报; pinyin: Guóyǔ Rìbào; Wade–Giles: Kuoyu Rihpao; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kok-gú-ji̍t-pò; Gwoyeu Romatzyh: Gwoyeu Ryhbaw; Zhuyin ㄍㄨㄛˊ ㄩˇ ㄖˋ ㄅㄠˋ) is a traditional Chinese children's newspaper published daily in Taiwan. The main text of the articles is accompanied by Zhuyin (Bopomofo) phonetic script to aid identification of difficult characters. The project was founded October 25 1948.
 The Bellingham Business Journal is a monthly business publication published in Bellingham Washington that seeks to bring its the readership the most accurate and in-depth picture of the Bellingham business community possible. Established in 1992 the newspaper has won several Society of Professional Journalists awards for reporting editorial and design content. The paper is owned by Sound Publishing (a Black Press company) based in Poulsbo.
 First Law is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov first published in the October 1956 issue of Fantastic Universe magazine and later collected in The Rest of the Robots (1964) and The Complete Robot (1982). The title of the story is a reference to the first of the Three Laws of Robotics.
 Ruins of Adventure is a Dungeons & Dragons module that served as the basis for the popular Gold Box role-playing video game Pool of Radiance published in 1988 by Strategic Simulations Inc. (SSI). According to the editors of Dragon magazine Pool of Radiance was based on Ruins of Adventure and not vice versa. The plot loosely tracks that of the computer game. It is now out of print.
 The Collins Bird Guide is a field guide to the birds of the Western Palearctic.Its authors are Lars Svensson Killian Mullarney Dan Zetterström and Peter J. Grant and it is illustrated by Killian Mullarney and Dan Zetterström (with two plates of North American passerines contributed by Larry McQueen).
 Terror and Liberalism is a non-fiction book by American political philosopher and writer Paul Berman. He published the work through W. W. Norton & Company in April 2003. Berman asserts that modern Islamist groups such as al Qaeda share fundamental ideological elements from fascism and other 20th century Western totalitarian movements and he defends an assertive approach to root out this extremist thinking across the world.
 Mullets was a short-lived comic strip by Rick Stromoski and Steve McGarry. The comic revolved around the characters Kevin and Scab two dim-witted friends who shared a trailer and worked at a place called Mildew's Hardware Store.
 Nana (ナナ) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Ai Yazawa serialized in Cookie published by Shueisha. The manga derives its title from the name of the two main characters both of whom are called Nana. Nana Komatsu is a small town girl who goes to Tokyo to follow her boyfriend and college friends with the hope of having her dream life. Nana Osaki was in a popular punk band in her home town. She goes to Tokyo with the goal of making it big as a singer.
 Earl Rothes is a Child Ballad.
 Blue Shoes and Happiness is the seventh in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Gaborone Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.
 This article is about the novel. For films and other uses see White Fang (disambiguation).White Fang is a novel by American author Jack London (1876–1916) — and the name of the book's eponymous character a wild wolfdog. First serialized in Outing magazine it was published in 1906. The story takes place in Yukon Territory Canada during the 1890s Klondike Gold Rush and details White Fang's journey to domestication.
 Tishreen (in Arabic تشرين meaning October) is one of the state-owned Arabic daily newspapers published in Syria. The daily is based in Damascus.
 Captain Flight Comics is an American comic book series published by Four Star Publications during the period that is known by fans and historians as the Golden Age of Comic Books. A total of eleven issues were printed from 1944 to 1947. Noted artist L.B. Cole contributed his distinctive cover illustrations to many of the issues.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Borkmann's Point (Swedish: Borkmanns punkt ) is a prize-winning crime novel by Swedish writer Håkan Nesser first published in Sweden in 1994 and translated into English by Laurie Thompson in 2006.
 Hello America is a science fiction novel by J. G. Ballard first published in 1981. The plot follows an expedition to a North America rendered uninhabitable by an ecological disaster.
 Divaina (Sinhala: දිවයින) is a Sinhala language daily newspaper published by the Upali Newspapers in Sri Lanka. A sister newspaper of The Island  Divaina was established in 1981. Its sunday edition is the Sunday Divaina. The daily newspaper currently has a circulation of 156000 and its sunday edition 340000 per issue. Upali Wijewardene was its founder.
 Up In A Heaval is the twenty-sixth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Shibaraku (暫 しばらく) is among the most popular pieces in the Kabuki repertoire and one of the celebrated Kabuki Jūhachiban (Eighteen Great Plays). The flamboyantly dramatic costume and makeup (kumadori) used in this scene is famous and widely associated by the average Westerner with Kabuki in general.
 Blue (ブルー) is a manga by Kiriko Nananan that was serialized in the alternative manga magazine COMIC Are!; the tankōbon was released on April 24 1997. The English version published by Fanfare/Ponent Mon was released on March 15 2006. Blue is about two high school aged girls Kayako Kirishima and Masami Endo who find that their friendship is turning into something more and they are unsure about their future and feel confused about their current life.
 Maria Light is a novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in 1940s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of Maria Light a recent widow in a Pittsburgh government housing project called Addison Terrace as she tries to survive providing for her three children and her elderly father-in-law.
 Juvenile Orion (オリオンの少年 Orion no Shōnen) is a trading card game and shōjo manga series. As a spin-off of the Aquarian Age franchise the story revolves around characters with supernatural powers.The trading card game was developed and released in Japan by Broccoli Co. Ltd. The manga was written by Sakurako Gokurakuin otherwise known as Ashika Sakura. It was serialized in Monthly Stencil from June 2001 to August 2003.
 Work & Stress is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering occupational health psychology and workplace health and safety. It is published by Taylor & Francis in association with the European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology.
 The Laughing Target (笑う標的 Warau Hyōteki) is an anime OVA released in Japan in 1987. It was licensed for North American release by Central Park Media but this license has since expired. It is based on a manga story by Rumiko Takahashi which was published in the Rumic World anthology in the U.S.
 The Hammer of God is the second of Nelson DeMille's Joe Ryker novels. It was published in 1974. It was republished in 1989 with Jack Cannon listed as the author.
 Australian Wildlife Secrets is an Australian bi-monthly wildlife magazine published by Wildlife Secrets Pty Ltd.Issues are between 48 and 56 pages in size with articles and photographs. Each magazine contains a number of topical feature articles in addition to regular articles. Various authors and photographers contribute to the magazine.Regular features include Secret Sightings Secret Places Secret Vet and Secret Dinosaur.
 My Friend Leonard is a memoir written by James Frey. Continuing where A Million Little Pieces left off the book centers on the father-son relationship Frey and his friend from Hazelden Leonard shared. My Friend Leonard was published in June 2005 by Riverhead and became a bestseller. Amazon.com editors selected My Friend Leonard as their #5 favorite book of 2005. The book was marketed as a memoir but after its release certain elements of the story were cast into doubt.
 Curse of the Ruins is the seventeenth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on February 9 1998 by Random House.
 Aladore is a classic allegorical fantasy novel by Henry Newbolt an author better known for his poetry. It was first published in hardcover by William Blackwood and Sons Edinburgh in 1914. An American edition from E. P. Dutton & Company followed in 1915.
 Annals of Neurology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering neurology. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 11.193 ranking it 4th out of 193 journals in the category Clinical Neurology.
 Sex and the Single Girl is a 1962 non-fiction book by American writer Helen Gurley Brown written as an advice book that encouraged women to become financially independent and experience sexual relationships before or without marriage. The book sold two million copies in three weeks was sold in 35 countries and has made the Los Angeles Times The New York Times and Time bestseller lists.
 The 35th of May or Conrad's Ride to the South Seas (Der 35. Mai oder Konrad reitet in die Südsee in German its original language) is a novel by Erich Kästner first published in 1931. Unlike most of Kästner's other works - set in a completely realistic contemporary Germany - the present book is a work of fantasy and satire.
 Hamtaro (とっとこハム太郎 Tottoko Hamutarō Trotting Hamtaro) is a Japanese children's manga and storybook series created and illustrated by Ritsuko Kawai. The manga is serialized in Shogakukan's all girl's magazine Ciao in 1997 focusing on a hamster named Hamtaro who has a variety of adventures with other hamsters known as Ham-Hams (Hamuchans in the Japanese version).
 The Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships (DANFS for short) is the official reference work for the basic facts about ships used by the United States Navy. In addition to the ship entries DANFS includes appendices on small craft histories of Confederate Navy ships and various essays related to naval ships.When the writing project was developed the parameters for this series were designed to cover only commissioned US Navy ships with assigned names.
 The 34-Ton Bat: The Story of Baseball As Told Through Bobbleheads Cracker Jacks Jockstraps Eye Black and 373 Other Strange and Unforgettable Objects is a 2013 baseball book written by Steve Rushin. Rushin is an American journalist novelist and sportswriter for Sports Illustrated magazine. Rushin was named the 2005 National Sportswriter of the Year by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association and is a four-time finalist for the National Magazine Award.
 Mathematics of Computation is a quarterly mathematics journal focused on computational mathematics that is published by the American Mathematical Society. It was established in 1943 under the title “Mathematical Tables and other Aids to Computation”. It changed to its current title as of Vol. 14 in 1960.The articles in all volumes older than five years are available electronically free of charge.
 The Lake is a short 1954 novel by the Japanese writer Yasunari Kawabata. This book tells the story of a former schoolteacher named Gimpei Momoi.
 Then They Came for Me: A Family's Story of Love Captivity and Survival is a memoir by Iranian Canadian journalist Maziar Bahari with Aimee Molloy chronicling Bahari's family history and his arrest and 118-day imprisonment following the controversial 2009 Iran presidential election. It was published by Random House in 2011.
 Lucky Child: A Daughter of Cambodia Reunites with the Sister She Left Behind (2005) is a memoir written by a Cambodian woman Loung Ung. Her previous memoir was First They Killed My Father. The memoir chronicles her adjustment to life in the U.S. after escaping the Cambodian genocide. It also tells of the experiences of her surviving family members in Cambodia during the ensuing warfare between Vietnamese troops and the Khmer Rouge. Lucky Child covers the period of 1980 until 2003.
 Adventures of Alan Ladd was a nine-issue series of comic books published by DC Comics from 1949 to 1951. The stories featureded the film actor Alan Ladd in a variety of adventurous situations. The first six issues have covers with photos of the actor.
 A Study in Sorcery is an alternate history novel by Michael Kurland featuring Randall Garrett's fictional detective character Lord Darcy.
 Rollie's Follies: Hall of Fame Revue of Baseball Lists and Lore Stories And Stats was first published in 2009 by Clerisy Press. Baseball Hall of Famer Rollie Fingers enlists backstage humorist Yellowstone Ritter to develop an inventive look at baseball.
 Joghovourti Tsayn (in Armenian Ժողովուրդի Ձայն meaning 'Voice of the People') was an Armenian language weekly newspaper issued as an organ of the Syrian–Lebanese Communist Party. The first issue appeared on February 6 1938 in Beirut Lebanon. It was the first Armenian-language organ of the party. Artin (Haroutiun) Madoyan was the editor of the newspaper. As of the 1950s Ohannes Agbashian (leader of the Armenian section of the Lebanese Communist Party) was the editor of Joghovourti Tsayn.
 A Coven of Vampires is a collection of horror short stories by author Brian Lumley. The stories all concern vampires. It was released in 1998 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1100 copies of which 100 were numbered and signed by the author and illustrator. Most of the stories originally appeared in a number of different anthologies and collections or in the magazines Terror Australis Fantasy Tales Weirdbook Fear! Fantasy and Science Fiction and Kadath.
 Sharpe's Fortress is the third (historically) of the Richard Sharpe series and last of the Sharpe India trilogy by English author Bernard Cornwell. It tells the story of ensign Sharpe during the battle of Argaum and the following siege of the Fortress of Gawilghur in 1803.
 Titus Groan is a novel by Mervyn Peake. It is the first novel in the Gormenghast series.
 The Daily News is a morning newspaper in Red Bluff California and Tehama County California. It was founded in November 1885 and is now owned by the MediaNews Group who acquired it from Donrey in 1999. The Daily News also publishes supplements to the publications: Tehama The Magazine Red Bluff Today Corning Today Tehama County Visitor's Guide and the annual Best of Tehama County readers choice awards.[citation needed].
 Mrs de Winter is a novel by Susan Hill published in 1993. It is the sequel to the novel Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier.
 Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology is the quarterly scientific journal of the American Psychological Association Division 45: Society for the Psychological Study of Ethnic Minority Issues.
 The Spy Who Loved Me is the ninth novel in Ian Fleming's James Bond series first published by Jonathan Cape on 16 April 1962. It is the shortest and most sexually explicit of Fleming's novels as well as a clear departure from previous Bond novels in that the story is told in the first person by a young Canadian woman Vivienne Michel. Bond himself does not appear until two thirds of the way through the book.
 The Brothers K is a 1992 novel by David James Duncan an author fisherman and environmental advocate from the Pacific Northwest. It builds on the sporting and spiritual themes of The River Why Duncan's first book but on a much larger canvas focusing on an entire family instead of a single protagonist. Duncan uses multiple points of view to reinforce this effect by including material supposedly written by different family members in the broad narrative by Kincaid Chance.
 Dragon is the eighth book in Steven Brust's Vlad Taltos series published in 1998 by Tor Books. It is both the second and fourth book of the series in chronological order largely occurring after Taltos and before Yendi with brief interludes taking place shortly after the events of Yendi. Following the trend of the Vlad Taltos books it is named after one of the Great Houses in Brust's fantasy world of Dragaera and features that House as an important element to its plot.
 School Days School Days (2005) is a work of detective fiction by American author Robert B. Parker the 33rd in his acclaimed Spenser series.
 La Cleopatra /lʌklɛɒpˈɑːtrʌ/ is an epic poem in 13 songs by Girolamo Graziani (1604 - 1674). The work was very successful at the time and was praised by many famous writers including Fulvio Testi.
 King's Gold is a novel by South African author Glenn Macaskill published in 2003 by Crest Publishing. It contains graphic (though fictional) references to the Gukurahundi the occupation of Matabeleland by Zimbabwe's Fifth Brigade in the 1980s.
 Contingencies (ISSN 1048-9851) is the bimonthly magazine of the American Academy of Actuaries providing a large and diverse readership with general interest and technical articles on a wide range of issues related to the actuarial profession. Contingencies is mailed to members of the Academy and targeted individuals such as legislators and their staffs regulators business executives and related organizations.
 Islands of Space is a science fiction novel by author John W. Campbell Jr.. It was first published in book form in 1957 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 1417 copies. The novel originally appeared in the magazine Amazing Stories Quarterly; the text was extensively edited for book publication with Campbell's approval by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach.E. F.
 11/22/63 is a novel by Stephen King about a time traveler who attempts to prevent the assassination of President John Fitzgerald Jack Kennedy which occurred on November 22 1963 (the novel's titular date). The novel was announced on King's official site on March 2 2011.
 New Blackfriars is an academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons that is formally linked with the English Province of the Order of Preachers (also known as the Dominican Order).The journal was launched in 1920 as a monthly review called Blackfriars: A Monthly Review Edited by the English Dominicans; for a period it also contained The Catholic Review which together with the Hawkesyard Review Blackfriars superseded.
 I Am Florida is a state poem of the U.S. state of Florida written by Allen Autry Sr.. It was endorsed by Governor Charlie Crist and the Florida Cabinet on October 12 2010.A musical version written produced and recorded by Walter Clyde Orange a founding member lead vocalist and principal lyricist of the musical group The Commodores was officially recognized as one of the official state songs of Florida by the Florida Senate in 2013.
 Pools of Darkness is a novel based on the Pools of Darkness computer role-playing game. It was written by James Ward and Anne K. Brown and published by TSR in February 1992. The novel is set in the Forgotten Realms setting based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. This book was the second in a trilogy preceded by Pool of Radiance and followed by Pool of Twilight.
 Vedanta Kesari (The lion of Vedanta) (formerly Brahmavadin) is a spiritual and cultural monthly magazine which has been published in English from the Ramakrishna Math monastery in Chennai India since 1895.
 The Sand from the Urns (German: Der Sand aus den Urnen) is a 1948 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan. It contains the poem Death Fugue.
 D-Live!! (ドライブ!! DoRaibu!!) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ryōji Minagawa. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shonen Sunday magazine from 2002 to 2006. The manga tells the story of Satoru Ikaruga a high schooler nicknamed genius driver who can operate almost any vehicle and works for a multinational specialist company called the Almighty Support Enterprise (ASE).
 Ḥayy ibn Yaqẓān (Arabic: حي بن يقظان‎ Alive son of Awake; Latin: Philosophus Autodidactus The Self-Taught Philosopher; English: The Improvement of Human Reason: Exhibited in the Life of Hai Ebn Yokdhan) the first Arabic novel was written by Ibn Tufail (also known as Aben Tofail or Ebn Tophail) a Moorish philosopher and physician in early 12th century Islamic Spain.
 Blue Moon Rising is a fantasy novel by British author Simon R. Green. The first in a series of four books in the Forest Kingdom series with the main protagonists appearing in six books in the Hawk & Fisher series by Green.The book had a troubled launch with many publishers rejecting Green before being published by Roc. The book became Green's first bestseller.As with other Green books it is written in a style which combines dramatic storytelling with plenty of wry humour and light relief.
 Kōkō Tekken-den Tough (高校鉄拳伝タフ literally High School Iron Fist Legend Tough) is a martial arts manga series written and illustrated by Tetsuya Saruwatari. A sequel series titled simply as Tough (TOUGH—タフ— Tafu) was introduced in 2004 which continues the story further after the first series ended its run. A spin-off series Oton (おとん) has been serialized in Business Jump since 2004.
 Mr. Monk Gets Even is the fifteenth novel written by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk. It was published on December 31 2012. Like the other novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger Monk's assistant. It is the final novel of the series to be written by Lee Goldberg.
 Twilight is a children's fantasy novel in the Warriors novel series written by Erin Hunter a pseudonym used by multiple authors. It is the fifth book in the The New Prophecy series. It was generally well received by critics.
 PopCo (2004) is a novel by British author Scarlett Thomas. It tells a story of twenty-nine-year-old Alice Butler a quirky fiercely intelligent loner with an affinity for secret codes and mathematics. She works for the huge toy company named PopCo where she creates snooping kids' kits - KidSpy KidTec and KidCracker.
 Classical Medley (クラシカルメドレー Kurashikaru Medorē) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sanae Kana. It is published in Japan by Softbank.The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by CMX.
 The Mariner's Mirror is the quarterly academic journal of the Society for Nautical Research in the United Kingdom. It was established in 1911 and is abstracted and indexed by Scopus.
 The Saint on Guard is a collection of two mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United States in 1944 by The Crime Club and in the United Kingdom in 1945 by Hodder and Stoughton. This book continues the adventures of Charteris' creation Simon Templar alias The Saint and continued the World War II-themed adventures that had begun with The Saint in Miami.
 The Maryville Daily Forum is a daily newspaper published Mondays through Fridays in Maryville Missouri United States. The newspaper was acquired by its former general manager Phill Cobb via his Cobb Publications company GateHouse Media in December 2013.In addition to Maryville the Daily Forum covers Nodaway County Missouri and surrounding areas.
 Deep Space is a collection of science-fiction short stories by the British writer Eric Frank Russell. It was first published by Fantasy Press in 1954 in an edition of 2257 copies. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Thrilling Wonder Stories Other Worlds Astounding Galaxy Science Fiction Imagination and Bluebook.
 Songs My Mother Never Taught Me (Turkish title: Annemin Öğretmediği Şarkılar) is a 2007 detective fiction novel by Turkish writer Selçuk Altun republished in 2008 by Telegram Books in English language translation by Ruth Christie and Selçuk Berilgen.
 The Adventures of Slim and Howdy is a 2008 novel by Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn (superstar duo Brooks & Dunn) and novelist Bill Fitzhugh. The novel features Brooks and Dunn's alter-egos Slim and Howdy as they travel cross-country in pursuit of a musical career.
 Colloid and Polymer Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal which publishes in the field of colloid and polymer science and its interdisciplinary interactions. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media. It was first published in 1906.
 Turkish Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by the Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (TÜBITAK). The journal was established in 1976 and is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2009 MCQ was 0.13 and its 2010 impact factor was 0.467.
 The Nordic Journal of Human Rights is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Norwegian Centre for Human Rights (part of the Faculty of Law at the University of Oslo) in collaboration with Universitetsforlaget.
 A Fate Totally Worse than Death is a spoof horror novel for young adults by Paul Fleischman published in 1995 in which a badly behaved clique of high school girls get their comeuppance.
 Wormwood: Gentleman Corpse is the second solo comic book series by creator Ben Templesmith. Unlike the bleak post-apocalyptic world of Templesmith's previous work Singularity Wormwood is a lighter series which combines humor and horror. It was first published as short episodic serials within LOFI magazine from 2004 until it ceased publication.
 Annals of the Parish (full title: Annals of the parish: or The chronicle of Dalmailing; during the ministry of the Rev. Micah Balwhidder written by himself) is an 1821 novel of Scottish country life by John Galt.
 The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner is a short story by Alan Sillitoe published in 1959 as part of a short story collection of the same name. The work focuses on Smith a poor Nottingham teenager from a dismal home in a working class area who has bleak prospects in life and few interests beyond petty crime. The boy turns to long-distance running as a method of both an emotional and a physical escape from his situation.
 Insight Turkey is an academic journal publishing peer-reviewed articles on Turkish politics since 1999. The current editor of the journal is Talip Küçükcan a professor of international relations at the Marmara University İstanbul Turkey).Insight Turkey is indexed and abstracted in EBSCO European Sources Online (ESO) Index Islamicus Middle East & Central Asian Studies Scopus Sociological Abstracts. and Worldwide Political Science Abstracts among other scientific databases.
 The Twenty-Four-Inch Home Run: And Other Outlandish Incredible But True Events in Baseball History is a book about baseball lore written by sportswriter Michael G. Bryson. The title refers to the book's central story about a game where Andy Oyler hit a baseball that became stuck in the mud 24 inches in front of home plate allowing him to score an inside-the-park home run before the opposing team located it.
 A Gun for Dinosaur is a classic time travel science fiction story written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Rivers of Time series. It tells the story of four men who travel into the past to hunt and kill dinosaurs.It was first published in the magazine Galaxy Science Fiction for March 1956 and first appeared in book form in the anthology The World That Couldn't Be and 8 Other SF Novelets (Doubleday 1959).
 William and the Masked Ranger is a book of short stories in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1966.
 Microwave and Optical Technology Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published monthly by Wiley Periodicals Inc. (Wiley Online Library) and is edited by Kai Chang (Texas A&M University). It is a rapid publications journal.
 Sexy Voice and Robo (セクシーボイスアンドロボ) is a seinen manga by Iou Kuroda. It was originally serialized in the semi-alternative manga magazine Ikki between 2000 and 2003 and has also been published worldwide including in North America by Viz Media and Spain by Ponent Mon. In 2007 it was adapted into a live action Japanese television drama which aired every Tuesday on Nippon Television between April and June 2007 spanning a total of 11 episodes.
 Nuts is a 1979 play by Tom Topor. It is a suspense psychological and courtroom drama that explores sexual abuse issues family and social power dynamics and aspects of the criminal court system. It was staged off-off-Broadway in 1979 and transferred to Broadway the following year. A 1987 film adaptation stars Barbra Streisand and Richard Dreyfuss.
 Philosophical Explanations is a 1981 book by Robert Nozick.
 The True Meaning of Smekday is a children's book by Adam Rex that is highly recommended by The New York Times.An audiobook edition read by Bahni Turpin was released March 8 2011.
 Air also known as Air: Or Have Not Have is a 2005 novel by Geoff Ryman. It won the British Science Fiction Association Award the James Tiptree Jr. Award and the Arthur C. Clarke Award and was on the short list for the Philip K. Dick Award in 2004 the Nebula Award in 2005 and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award in 2006.Ryman initially wrote a short story for The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction entitled Have Not Have which was included in the April 2001 edition.
 Die Son (Afrikaans: The Sun) is an Afrikaans-language South African tabloid reporting sensational news essentially after the model of British tabloids. It is the South African newspaper with the largest increase in readership in recent years. In the Western Cape province it appears as a daily; in other provinces it is a weekly paper. The editorial seat is in Cape Town.
 Huojuvat Keulat is a 1946 poetry collection by Finnish poet Aaro Hellaakoski. The poems consist of short verses reflecting on nature and travel through the landscape.
 Sharpe's Christmas contains two short stories Sharpe's Christmas and Sharpe's Ransom written by historical fiction author Bernard Cornwell. They feature Cornwell's fictional hero Richard Sharpe. Originally the first short-story Sharpe's Christmas was written for British newspaper The Daily Mail which serialised it during the Christmas season of 1995.
 Planet Comics was a science fiction comic book title produced by Fiction House and ran for 73 issues from January 1940 to Winter 1953. Like many of Fiction House's early comics titles Planet Comics was a spinoff of a pulp magazine in this case Planet Stories which featured space operatic tales of muscular heroic space adventurers who were quick with their ray pistols and always running into gorgeous females who needed rescuing from bug-eyed space aliens or fiendish interstellar bad guys.
 The Essays of Michel de Montaigne are contained in three books and 107 chapters of variable length. Montaigne's stated design in writing publishing and revising the Essays over the period from approximately 1570 to 1592 was to record for the 'private benefit of friends and kinsmen ... some traits of my character and of my humours.' The Essays were first published in 1580 and cover a wide range of topics.
 Tok Tok is a quarterly Arabic comic magazine published in Egypt.
 Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of biochemistry and biophysics. It was established in 1959 and is published by the Academic Press. The editor-in-chief is William J. Lennarz (State University of New York at Stony Brook).
 The Color of Water: A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother is the autobiography of James McBride first published in 1995; it is also a tribute to his mother. The chapters alternate between James McBride's descriptions of his early life and first-person accounts of his mother Ruth's life mostly taking place before her son was born.
 The Approach to Al-Mu'tasim (original Spanish title: El acercamiento a Almotásim) is a fantasy short story written in 1935 by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. In his autobiographical essay Borges wrote about The Approach to Al-Mu'tasim it now seems to me to foreshadow and even to set the pattern for those tales that were somehow awaiting me and upon which my reputation as a storyteller was to be based.
 The Big Moo: Stop Trying to be Perfect and Start Being Remarkable (2005) is a collection of short essays on marketing. The essays were written by 32 different well-known authors in the field. They included Tom Peters Malcolm Gladwell Guy Kawasaki Mark Cuban and Dan Pink. The specific author of each essay however was not identified. The book's editor Seth Godin said that to identify which author wrote what essay would have been a distraction.
 Loudspeaker Recipes: Book 1 by Vance Dickason is a detailed collection of four loudspeaker designs.
 Tidens Krav (TK) is a local newspaper published in Kristiansund Norway. It was founded in 1906 is published Monday through Saturday and reports news from Nordmøre.
 Savage Species is a sourcebook for use as a supplement in the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons game detailing the use of monstrous races as PC races.
 The 2007 World Youth Report is the latest in a series of publications released by the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs which presents an overview of the challenges young people encoutner as they become adults (cf. 2005 World Youth Report 2003 World Youth Report).
 The Slater Field Guide to Australian Birds is one of the main national bird field guides used by Australian birders.
 Dragonsdale (2007) is a fantasy novel written by The Two Steves (Steve Barlow and Steve Skidmore) under the pen name Salamanda Drake.
 The Adventures of Grover in Outer Space is a Sesame Street storybook featuring Grover.
 The World of Normal Boys published in 2001 is the debut novel of K.M. Soehnlein (Karl Soehnlein). The coming-of-age story centers on 13-year-old Robin MacKenzie who discovers that he is unlike most other adolescent males. The book became a San Francisco Chronicle bestseller and won the Lambda Literary Award.
 LeftLion is a printed and online culture and listings magazine which covers Nottingham with a specific focus on the local music and arts scene. It was originally set up by three childhood friends: Jared Wilson Alan Gilby and Tim Bates and launched as a website on 1 September 2003. The first issue of the printed magazine came out a year later in Autumn 2004.
 The Merman's Children is a 1979 fantasy novel by Poul Anderson inspired by Danish legends of Mermen and Mermaids from Danish folklore. Portions of the work had previously been published as an identically titled novella and the novelette The Tupilak in the anthologies Flashing Swords! #1 (1973) and Flashing Swords! #4: Barbarians and Black Magicians (1977).
 A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language (ISBN 9780582517349) is a descriptive grammar of English written by Randolph Quirk Sidney Greenbaum Geoffrey Leech and Jan Svartvik. It was first published by Longman in 1985.In 1991 it was called The greatest of contemporary grammars because it is the most thorough and detailed we have and It is a grammar that transcends national boundaries.The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language was meant to replace it.
 Ishmael is a 1992 philosophical novel by Daniel Quinn. It examines mythology its effect on ethics and how that relates to sustainability. The novel uses a style of Socratic dialogue to deconstruct the notion that humans are the pinnacle of biological evolution. It posits that human supremacy is a cultural myth and asserts that modern civilization is enacting that myth with dangerous consequences. It was awarded the $500000 Turner Tomorrow Fellowship Award.
 A Distant Neighborhood (遥かな町へ Harukana Machi e) is a Japanese manga by Jiro Taniguchi. It was adapted into a live-action film in 2010.In 2012 adapted for radio by Martin Heindel.
 52 is a weekly American comic book limited series published by DC Comics that debuted on May 10 2006 one week after the conclusion of the seven-issue Infinite Crisis. The series was written by Geoff Johns Grant Morrison Greg Rucka and Mark Waid with layouts by Keith Giffen.
 Small Gods is the thirteenth of Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels published in 1992. It tells the origin of the god Om and his relations with his prophet the reformer Brutha. In the process it satirises religious institutions people and practices and the role of religion in political life.
 Basic Color Terms: Their Universality and Evolution (1969) (ISBN 1-57586-162-3) is a book by Brent Berlin and Paul Kay. Berlin and Kay's work proposed that the basic color terms in a culture such as black brown or red are predictable by the number of color terms the culture has. (All cultures have terms for black/dark and white/bright. If a culture has three color terms the third is red.
 The Bell at Sealey Head is a 2008 fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It was nominated for the 2009 Locus Award as well as the 2009 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature.
 Son of the Tree is a science fiction novella by Jack Vance. It was first published in Thrilling Wonder Stories magazine June 1951 and in book form as half of an Ace Double in 1964 together with The Houses of Iszm. The version that appears in the Ace Double is still less than novel length at about 31000 words but is essentially the same as the original magazine version. Son of the Tree was re-published as a stand-alone volume in 1974 by Mayflower.
 The Du Quoin Evening Call is an American daily newspaper published in Du Quoin Illinois. In 1987 the paper was acquired by Hollinger. Current owner GateHouse Media purchased roughly 160 daily and weekly newspapers from Hollinger in 1997.The Call covers Du Quoin Perry County and the county seat of Pinckneyville.
 How late it was how late is a 1994 stream of consciousness novel written by Scottish writer James Kelman. The Glasgow-centred work is written in a working class Scottish dialect and follows Sammy a shoplifter and ex-convict.
 Muslim Power 100 is a 2007 list published by The Power 100 website compiled of the top 100 British Muslims who have contributed positively to the United Kingdom.
 The Spinal Cord Perception is the first novel by Joshua S. Porter better known by his stage name Josh Dies the singer/songwriter for the band Showbread. Self-published by Porter in 2006 the book revolves around a small-town substitute teacher named David Rivers who is haunted by a small black monster which he refers to as the Llapasllaly.
 Backstage Lensman is a short story by Randall Garrett a parody or pastiche of the Lensman series of E.E. 'Doc' Smith. It was first written in 1949 lost and then rewritten in 1978.Garrett claimed that Doc read the first version of Backstage Lensman and laughed all through the convention.
 Teaching Ethics is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the philosophical examination of ethical issues in all disciplines. Notable contributors that illustrate the range of issues covered in the journal include Michael Davis Deni Elliot Mollie Painter-Morland Lisa Newton Louis Pojman Wade Robison and Holmes Rolston III. The journal is sponsored by the Society for Ethics Across the Curriculum and members of the society receive the journal as a benefit of membership.
 Till the Day I Die is a 1935 Broadway seven scene drama written by Clifford Odets produced by the Group Theatre and staged by Cheryl Crawford. It ran for 136 performances from March 26 1935 to July 1935 the Longacre Theatre. It was originally written as a piece to accompany Waiting for Lefty.
 Winter of Fire is a young adult fantasy novel by New Zealand author Sherryl Jordan set in a bleak future environment. It was first published in 1993.
 Queen (originally The Queen) magazine was a British society publication established by Samuel Beeton in 1861. In 1958 the magazine was sold to Jocelyn Stevens who dropped the prefix The and used it as his vehicle to represent the younger side of the British Establishment sometimes referred to as the Chelsea Set under the editorial direction of Beatrix Miller. In 1964 the magazine gave birth to Radio Caroline the first daytime commercial pirate radio station serving London England.
 The Hothouse (1958/1980) is a full-length tragicomedy written by Harold Pinter in the winter of 1958 between The Birthday Party (1957) and The Caretaker (1959).
 Maud Martha is the only novella written by Pulitzer Prize winning African American poet Gwendolyn Brooks. Published in 1953 by Third World Press it includes a series of vignettes following the titular character Maud Martha as she negotiates the passage from childhood to adulthood in black Chicago neighbourhoods.
 Ice Station Zebra is a 1963 thriller novel written by Scottish author Alistair MacLean. It marked a return to MacLean's classic Arctic setting. After completing this novel whose plot line parallels real-life events during the Cold War MacLean retired from writing for three years. In 1968 it was loosely adapted into a film of the same name.
 The Burning Shore is a novel by Wilbur Smith set during and after World War One.Smith called the book his Road to Damascus moment because it was the first time he used a female as a major character.
 Don't Look At It! Don't Touch It! is a 1996 American children's book written by Steve Patschke illustrated by Julie Durrell and published by the company Troll Communications.
 Rupert is a 2013 play by David Williamson about Rupert Murdoch.Williamson spent 18 months researching and writing the play. The playwright later said:The more I read the less I thought he was just a businessman interested in profits. He’s interested in power and not just for its own sake. He believes his ideological message is necessary for the world to learn. He’s a quasi-politician he’s an ideologue and he wants his opinion to be taken notice of.
 Kurmancî is a linguistic magazine published twice a year since 1987 to spread the results of the Kurdish Institute's linguistic seminars on problems of terminology and standardisation of the Kurdish language. All issues of this periodical are available on the publisher’s Web site as is the Kurdish-French-English-Turkish index of the first 20 issues.The name Kurmancî is a Kurdish spelling of the name of the most widely spoken dialect of the Kurdish language Kurmanji.
 Bisnis Indonesia (Indonesian Business) is a daily newspaper published in Jakarta Indonesia. Bisnis Indonesia primarily covers Indonesian financial and business news and issues. It is published by PT. Jurnalindo Aksara Grafika (PT JAG) a company founded by three conglomerate businessmen in Indonesia: Sukamdani Sahid Gitosardjono (Sahid Group) Ciputra (Ciputra Group) Anthony Salim (Salim Group) and media veteran Eric FH Samola. The first edition published on December 14 1985.
 Mindanao Gazette is a newspaper of general circulation since 1992 by the late Judge Leonardo M. Barnes (Ret.). Published every day with editorial and business address at No. 30 Yakal Street Palm Village Davao City.
 The Ugly Little Boy is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the September 1958 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction under the title Lastborn and was reprinted under its current title in the 1959 collection Nine Tomorrows. The story deals with a Homo neanderthalensis child which is brought to the future by means of time travel.
 Star Wars Republic Commando: Triple Zero by Karen Traviss is the second novel in the Star Wars Republic Commando series. The title comes from the galactic coordinates of the planet Coruscant (000).
 The Living Reed is an historical novel by Pearl S. Buck in which life in Korea from the latter part of the nineteenth century to the end of the Second World War is described through the viewpoints and lives of several members of four generations of a prominent aristocratic family.
 This page refers to the novel by Richard Adams. For the historical horse on which the novel is based see Traveller (horse).Traveller is a historical novel written by Richard Adams in 1988. It recounts the American Civil War through the viewpoint of Traveller the favourite horse of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
 The Message published in 1996 and written by K.A. Applegate is the fourth book in the Animorphs series. It is narrated by Cassie.
 The Foundations of Geopolitics: The Geopolitical Future of Russia is a geopolitical book by Alexander Dugin. The book has had a large influence within the Russian military police and statist foreign policy elites and is used as a textbook in the General Staff Academy of Russian military.
 Doctors (1988) by Erich Segal deals with the Harvard Medical School class of 1962 with emphasis on the two main characters Barney Livingston and Laura Castellano. They grew up next to each other and always aspired to be doctors eventually ending up in medical school together. There they meet the other characters who also came to become doctors viz. Bennett Landsman Seth Lazarus Hank Dwyer Peter Wyman Grete Anderson and Lance Mortimer among others.
 Pancharātra is a Sanskrit drama written by Bhasa. The plot is based on the Hindu epic Mahabharata.
 Lucas is a 2002 novel by Kevin Brooks about a teenager named Cait who lives on an isolated island off the coast of England and befriends outsider Lucas eventually falling in love with him only to see the island's prejudices come to life.
 The Professor of Desire is a 1977 novel by Philip Roth. It describes the youth the college years and the academic career of professor David Kepesh and beside that his sexual desires. The book was nominated for the National Book Critics Circle Award.
 Tales of the Quintana Roo is a collection of fantasy stories by author James Tiptree Jr.. It was released in 1986 and was the author's first book published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 3673 copies. The stories originally appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine and The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and are set in the easternmost shore of the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico.
 Fire from Heaven is a 1969 historical novel by Mary Renault about the childhood and youth of Alexander the Great. It reportedly was a major inspiration for the Oliver Stone film Alexander. The book was nominated for the “Lost Man Booker Prize” of 1970 a contest delayed by 40 years because a reshuffling of the fledgeling competition’s rules. but lost out to Troubles by J. G. Farrell.
 Mr. Weston's Good Wine is a novel by T. F. Powys first published in 1927.It describes an evening in 1923 when Mr. Weston who is apparently a wine merchant but is evidently God visits the fictional village of Folly Down in Dorset and meets some of its individuals whose backgrounds and lives leading up to this day are described during the course of the novel.
 Love Never Faileth is a practical commentary on Saint Francis Saint Paul Saint Augustine and Mother Teresa. Written by Eknath Easwaran the book was originally published in the United States in 1984.Subsequent editions of the book have been published in the US and India and foreign (non-English) editions have also been published in several languages. The book's original subtitle was the inspiration of Saint Francis Saint Augustine Saint Paul Mother Teresa.
 Into the Land of the Unicorns is a children's fiction book that is part of The Unicorn Chronicles series by Bruce Coville. The series follows a girl named Cara whose grandmother gives her an amulet that allows her to pass through into Luster the land of the unicorns. While there she meets up with some fantastic creatures who end up helping her on her journey.
 LivingNow is Australia's largest holistic magazine (measured by distribution and estimated readership). The magazine is a monthly independent periodical and a separate edition with local content is produced for each state. The magazine's editor-in-chief is Elizabeth Stephens who started the magazine Whole Person (the predecessor to LivingNow) in 1989. She is the CEO and editor-in-chief of LivingNow and all associated publications.
 Virtual Light is the first book in William Gibson's Bridge trilogy. Virtual Light is a science-fiction novel set in a postmodern dystopian cyberpunk future. The term 'Virtual Light' was coined by scientist Stephen Beck to describe a form of instrumentation that produces optical sensations directly in the eye without the use of photons. The novel was a finalist nominee for a Hugo Award and shortlisted for the Locus Award in 1994.
 Music Week is a trade paper for the UK record industry. Founded in 1959 as Record Retailer it relaunched on 18 March 1972 as Music Week . On 17 January 1981 the title again changed owing to the increasing importance of sell-through videos to Music & Video Week. The rival Record Business founded in 1978 by Brian Mulligan and Norman Garrod was absorbed into Music Week in February 1983.
 The Journal of Geology publishes research on geology geophysics geochemistry sedimentology geomorphology petrology plate tectonics volcanology structural geology mineralogy and planetary sciences. Its content ranges from planetary evolution to computer modeling of fossil development making it relevant to geologists as well as other researchers working in the Earth or planetary sciences.
 Please Save My Earth (ぼくの地球を守って Boku no Chikyū o Mamotte) sometimes abbreviated Bokutama is a shōjo science fiction manga by Saki Hiwatari. It was published by Hakusensha from 1987 to 1994 in the magazine Hana to Yume and collected in 21 volumes (tankōbon). The series was adapted as a six-part original video animation (OVA) in 1993. It is about six teenagers and a seven-year-old boy who share common dreams about their past lives as alien scientists who observed the Earth from the Moon.
 The Mind of God is a 1992 non-fiction book by Paul Davies. Subtitled The Scientific Basis for a Rational World it is a whirlwind tour and explanation of theories both physical and metaphysical regarding ultimate causes.
 Introduction to Pagan Studies is a study of Contemporary Paganism and Pagan studies written by the Canadian religious studies scholar Barbara Jane Davy. It was published by AltaMira Press as a part of their 'Pagan Studies' series of books edited by Wendy Griffin and Chas S. Clifton in 2007.The book offers an overview of both the beliefs and ritual practices of contemporary Pagans as well as the academic approaches to studying them.
 Al Khaleej (Arabic: الخليج The Gulf in English) is a daily Arabic-language broadsheet newspaper published in Sharjah United Arab Emirates by Dar Al Khaleej. The daily is the first newspaper published in the country.
 The Expository Times is a long-established academic journal of Biblical studies theology and ministry established in 1889 by the Scottish theologian James Hastings. The journal is abstracted and indexed in the ATLA Religion Database and New Testament Abstracts.
 Museologia Scientifica e Naturalistica is an academic journal covering Museology as it pertains to scientific colletions.
 The Miracle of Camp 60 is a poem by poet Anne Stevenson. It is a description of the Italian Chapel on the Orkney Island of Lamb Holm in 1992 from the perspective of a fictive Italian ex-POW. 'The miracle of Camp 60' is also used to refer directly to the Chapel in some cases.
 The Science of Life is a book written by H. G. Wells Julian Huxley and G. P. Wells published in three volumes by The Waverley Publishing Company Ltd in 1929–30 giving a popular account of all major aspects of biology as known in the 1920s.
 Steampunk was a steampunk/fantasypunk comic book series by artist Chris Bachalo and writer Joe Kelly published by Wildstorm Comics' Cliffhanger imprint.
 The Wings of Rean (リーンの翼 Rīn no Tsubasa) is a light novel series by Yoshiyuki Tomino published from 1983 to 1986 and a 6-episode ONA broadcast by Bandai Channel online beginning on December 12 2005 with the final episode starting on August 18 2006. It is an alternate story to another series Aura Battler Dunbine and is set in modern Japan and Byston Well in a timeline of its own.
 Fascinating Womanhood is a book written by Helen Andelin in 1963. The book recently went into its sixth edition published by Random House. The book has sold over 2000000 copies and is credited with starting a grassroots movement among women.
 Aldrichimica Acta is a scientific journal published by Sigma-Aldrich. Established in 1968 Aldrichimica Acta publishes reviews in the field of synthetic organic chemistry with each issue focusing on a special topic. The journal is open access.
 Magic Street (2005) is an urban fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card. This book follows the magical events in the Baldwin Hills section of contemporary Los Angeles including the life of protagonist Mack Street his foster brother Cecil Tucker a trickster identified variously as Bag Man Puck Mr. Christmas and numerous other members of this upscale community of African-Americans.
 Kryptonite is the name of a story arc written by Darwyn Cooke and Tim Sale that appeared in Superman Confidential; a monthly series that was published from January 2007 and then later cancelled on April 2008 that told stories set in the character's early years of his career. This arc the first story from that title tells the story of Superman’s first encounter with kryptonite.
 The Old Willis Place: A Ghost Story is a children's novel written by Mary Downing Hahn. It was first published in 2004 and is found in over 1400 libraries.
 F1 Racing is a monthly magazine focused on Formula One racing which launched in March 1996. The previous Editor Matt Bishop also used to write a fortnightly column for the website of the weekly magazine Autosport (sister publication of F1 Racing). Matt Bishop left both Autosport and F1 Racing in late 2007 to join McLaren and was replaced as editor of F1 Racing by the then executive editor Tim Scott and later by Hans Seeberg.
 Operating Manual For Spaceship Earth is a short book by R. Buckminster Fuller first published in 1968 following an address with a similar title given to the 50th annual convention of the American Planners Association in the Shoreham Hotel Washington D.C. on 16 October 1967.The book relates Earth to a spaceship flying through space. The spaceship has a finite amount of resources and cannot be resupplied.
 Bashkimi is a newspaper published in Albania. Its name is derived from the Albanian word for unity.
 The Crying of Lot 49 is a novella by Thomas Pynchon first published in 1966. The shortest of Pynchon's novels it is about a woman Oedipa Maas possibly unearthing the centuries-old conflict between two mail distribution companies Thurn und Taxis and the Trystero (or Tristero). The former actually existed and was the first firm to distribute postal mail; the latter is Pynchon's invention.
 The Fellowship of the Ring is the first of three volumes of the epic novel The Lord of the Rings by the English author J. R. R. Tolkien. It takes place in the fictional universe of Middle-earth. It was originally published on July 29 1954 in the United Kingdom. The volume consists of a Prologue titled Concerning Hobbits and other matters followed by Book I and Book II.
 Al-Thawra also referred to as Ath-Thawra (Arabic: الثورة The Revolution) is an Arabic language newspaper published by the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party of Syria. Another newspaper with the same name was published by the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party of Iraq but was disbanded during the invasion of Iraq in 2003 by the UK and the USA armies. The paper is one of the state-owned publications in addition to Tishreen Al Baath and Syria Times.
 Things My Girlfriend And I Have Argued About is the name of a web site a column in The Guardian and a novel written by English writer Mil Millington. The web site deals with arguments the author has had with his German girlfriend Margret; the novel is fiction though it revolves around arguments the English protagonist has had with his German girlfriend.
 Molecular Medicine is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research. It was established in 1994 and is currently published in paper format six times annually. Manuscripts are posted online when they are accepted for publication. The journal covers research on the molecular pathogenesis of disease and translation of this knowledge into specific molecular tools for diagnosis treatment and prevention.
 A Lion's Tale: Around the World in Spandex is an autobiography of professional wrestler Chris Jericho. It details his life from his early years to his début for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) on August 9 1999. The book is followed by a sequel Undisputed: How to Become World Champion in 1372 Easy Steps which was released in 2011. A second sequel to Jericho's autobiography is planned and is expected to be released in 2014.
 The PracTeX Journal or simply PracTeX also known as TPJ is an online journal focussing on practical use of the TeX typesetting system.
 The South West Book - A Tasmanian Wilderness is a book published by the Australian Conservation Foundation in 1978 during concern following the damming of Lake Pedder in Tasmania. It was edited by Helen Gee and Janet Fenton with assistance from Greg Hodge and Artwork directed by Chris Cowles.
 Inventions and Their Management is a science book by Alf K. Berle and L. Sprague de Camp. It was based on A Course on Inventing and Patenting by Howard Wilcox and Alf K. Berle a series of nine papers presented by New York University in cooperation with Inventors Foundation Inc. issued from 1933-1934. The Berle/de Camp version was published by the International Textbook Company in July 1937. It was reprinted revised in September 1940.
 ArchEnemy is a 2009 science-fiction and fantasy novel by Frank Beddor and the third novel of the Looking Glass Wars trilogy. The book was published on October 15 2009 by Dial Press and is heavily inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-glass.
 L'Orient-Le Jour meaning The Orient-The Day is a leading French language daily newspaper in Lebanon.
 Flaming Idiots is a farce by Tom Rooney. It won the New American Comedy Festival award in 1992. The play was performed in 2005 at the Manoa Valley Theatre in Honolulu and in 2012 by the Town and Country Players in Buckingham PA.
 Threshold was an ongoing comic book series published by DC Comics as part of The New 52. Threshold is written by Keith Giffen and illustrated by Tom Raney. The series explores the space-orientated side and cosmic mythos of DC Universe.
 13 Little Blue Envelopes is a 2005 realistic fiction young adult novel by Maureen Johnson. A young woman embarks on a journey throughout Europe by following instructions left to her in letters from her aunt (who died unexpectedly after preparing the letters).
 The Loveday Pride is the sixth book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
 The New 52 is a 2011 revamp and relaunch by DC Comics of its entire line of ongoing monthly superhero books in which all of its existing titles were cancelled and fifty-two new series debuted in September 2011 with new first issues. Among the series being renumbered are Action Comics and Detective Comics which had previously retained their original numbering since the 1930s.
 Cally's War is a novel by John Ringo and Julie Cochrane and is partof the Legacy of the Aldenata series. It follows Michael O'Neal's daughter Cally who raised from an early age by her paternal grandfather to be familiar with weapons and tactics becomes a professional assassin.
 Narcissus in Chains is the tenth book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 The Daily Iowegian (and Wednesday Ad Express) is a five-day (Monday through Friday) daily newspaper published in Centerville Iowa and covering Appanoose and Wayne counties in Iowa and Putnam County Missouri. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.On Monday Tuesday Thursday and Friday the newspaper publishes as the Daily Iowegian. The Wednesday newspaper is called Ad Express and has more than five times the circulation of the other days' papers.
 Molloy is a novel by Samuel Beckett. The English translation is by Beckett and Patrick Bowles.
 Ladies and Gentlemen is a play by Charles MacArthur and Ben Hecht. The courtroom drama inspired by a Hungarian play Twelve in a Box by Ladislaus Bush-Fekete centers on the relationship that develops between two sequestered jurors Miss Scott and Mr. Campbell during a lengthy murder trial.The play premiered in Santa Barbara then ran for two weeks each in San Francisco and Los Angeles with Helen Hayes and Herbert Marshall in the lead roles.
 I'll Give It My All... Tomorrow (俺はまだ本気出してないだけ Ore wa Mada Honki Dashitenai Dake) is a manga series written and illustrated by Shunju Aono. It is published in English by Viz Media. It was adapted into a live action film in 2013.
 Jeffty Is Five is a fantasy short story by American writer Harlan Ellison. It was first published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction in 1977 then was included in DAW's The 1978 Annual World's Best SF in 1978 and Ellison's short story collection Shatterday two years later. According to Ellison it was partially inspired by a fragment of conversation that he mis-heard at a party at the home of actor Walter Koenig: How is Jeff? Jeff is fine.
 Picnic at Hanging Rock is a 1967 historical novel by Joan Lindsay. The plot focuses on a group of female students at an Australian women's college in 1900 who inexplicably vanish at the site of an enormous rock formation while on a Valentine's Day picnic and also explores the outlying effects the girls' disappearance has on the community.
 Good King Harry is an historical novel that purports to be the autobiography of Henry V. It was written by American author Denise Giardina and was published in 1984.
 The Falling Woman is a 1986 contemporary psychological fantasy novel by Pat Murphy.
 Arek Monthly (أريك in Arabic meaning sun in Armenian) is a monthly magazine published in Cairo Egypt by Armenian General Benevolent Union (AGBU) in Arabic covering Armenian subjects and concentrating on Arab-Armenian relations. The first issue of Arek was in April 2010. One year after the suspension of publication of Arev Monthly in April 2009. The editor-in-chief is Mohammed Refaat el Immam.
 Midnight's Children is a 1980 book by Salman Rushdie that deals with India's transition from British colonialism to independence and the partition of British India. It is considered an example of postcolonial literature and magical realism.
 The Austin American-Statesman is the major daily newspaper for Austin the capital city of Texas. It is owned by Cox Enterprises. The newspaper places focus on issues affecting Austin and the Central Texas region.The Austin American-Statesman competes with the Austin Chronicle an alternative weekly.
 The Republic is an American daily newspaper published in Columbus Indiana. It is owned by Home News Enterprises.It covers the city of Columbus and several nearby communities in Bartholomew and Jennings counties.
 The Moral Animal is a 1994 book by Robert Wright. The New York Times Book Review chose it as one of the 12 best books of 1994; it was a national bestseller and has been published in 12 languages.The book explores many facets of our everyday life through the lens of evolutionary biology.
 Super Express USA is the largest Polish-American newspaper in the United States.The newspaper has been published daily except Sundays and Holidays since April 15 1996 and is distributed in New York New JerseyConnecticut Massachusetts Pennsylvania and Chicago.The New York headquarter office is located in Manhattan on John Street near the World Trade Center. The publishers are Super Express USA and Media Express USA.
 Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain is a 2007 book by neurologist Oliver Sacks about music and the human brain. The book was released on October 16 2007 and published by Knopf.On October 21 2007 Sacks spoke with Andrea Seabrook of NPR's All Things Considered about music and its relationship to the human brain.Four case studies from the book are featured in the NOVA program Musical Minds aired on June 30 2009.
 Dinosaur in a Haystack (1995) is the seventh volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. The essays were culled from his monthly column The View of Life in Natural History magazine to which Gould contributed for 27 years. The book deals in typically discursive fashion with themes familiar to Gould's writing: evolution and its teaching science biography probabilities and common sense.
 Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover is a collection of fantasy and science fiction short stories by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 929) in October 1993. The stories are divided into four sections each preceded by a brief overview of Bradley's thoughts on that category's main subject(s).
 Jeune Afrique is a weekly newsmagazine published in Paris founded in Tunis by Béchir Ben Yahmed on October 17 1960.
 Tiny Tim is an American Sunday strip created by Stanley Link. It ran from circa July 23 1933 – March 2 1958. It followed the adventures of Tim Grunt and his sister Dotty both only two inches tall at the start of the strip. However they grew six inches during the first three months. After that they were taken in by a farm couple. Eventually a gypsy grew them to slightly less than normal size and Dotty disappeared.
 Community Health Funding Report is a news service (or newsletter) published in Silver Spring MD by CD Publications.CHF reports on sources of funding for healthcare concerns such as substance abuse teen pregnancy minority healthcare maternal/child health chronic illness mental health and HIV/AIDS programs. It also covers activities of Congress and federal agencies.
 Things Hidden Since the Foundation of the World (French: Des choses cachées depuis la fondation du monde) is a 1978 book by René Girard. Chris Fleming writes that it contained not only a comprehensive overview of Girard's work up to that point but a very substantial reflection on the Judaeo-Christian texts. The book became a national bestseller in France and provoked intense (and often heated) discussion in the upper echelons of the French academy.
 Marshall's Collection of Songs Comic Satirical is a chapbook style songbook giving the lyrics of local now historical songs with a few bits of other information. It was published by John Marshall in 1827.
 Gruzovik Press -Russian automotive publication. Is published once a month. Tells of trucks buses and military vehicles.
 Consider Phlebas first published in 1987 is a space opera novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks. Written after a 1984 draft it is the first to feature the Culture.The novel revolves around the Idiran-Culture War and Banks plays on that theme by presenting various microcosms of that conflict. Its protagonist Bora Horza Gobuchul is actually an enemy of the Culture.Consider Phlebas is Banks's first published science fiction novel set in the Culture and takes its title from a line in T. S.
 The Afrika Reich is a 2011 alternate history action thriller novel by Guy Saville. In this world the point of divergence occurs when the United Kingdom is defeated by Nazi Germany during the Dunkirk campaign in 1940 forcing Britain to conclude a non-aggression pact with Germany. Due to the influence of an active Colonial Policy Office (KPA) the Nazis carve up a new colonial empire in Afrika extending their racial genocide to Black Africans.
 The Daytona Beach News-Journal is a Florida daily newspaper serving Volusia and Flagler counties.It grew from the Halifax Journal which was started in 1883. The Davidson family purchased the newspaper in 1928 and retained control until bankruptcy in 2009. In 1986 The Morning Journal and Evening News merged into one morning newspaper. The newspaper began its on-line services in 1994.
 Al Rai (in Arabic الرأي meaning The Opinion)) formerly known as Al Rai al Aam (Arabic: الرأي العام meaning Public Opinion) is a Kuwaiti daily newspaper. According to a 2007 survey by the Washington-based Intermedia group Al Rai ranked one among Kuwaiti newspapers for the fifth year in a row.
 The Dragon Can't Dance is a 1979 novel by Trinidadian author Earl Lovelace set in a slum of Port of Spain. The novel centers on the life of Aldrick Prospect a man who spends the entire year recreating his dragon costume for Carnival.
 Little Pollon (おちゃめ神物語コロコロポロン Ochamegami Monogatari Korokoro Polon lit. The Story of Little Goddess Roly-Poly Pollon) is a musical Greek mythology-based Japanese anime television series based on the 1977 manga Olympus no Pollon (Pollon of Olympus) by Hideo Azuma. The anime TV series consisted of 46 episodes and aired across Japan on Fuji TV from May 1982 to March 1983 and was also popular in some European countries such as Italy.
 Ladies versus Butlers! (れでぃ×ばと! Redi×Bato!) is a Japanese light novel series written by Tsukasa Kōzuki with accompanying illustrations by Munyū. The series includes 13 novels released between September 2006 and March 2012 published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint. A manga adaptation by the illustrator group Nekoyashiki-Nekomaru was serialized in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Moeoh magazine between the June 2008 and December 2008 issues.
 The Emperors of Chocolate: Inside the Secret World of Hershey and Mars is a book by Joël Glenn Brenner published on December 22 1998 by Random House Inc.. The book chronicles the stories of the history of Mars Incorporated and The Hershey Company.
 Social Epistemology: A Journal of Knowledge Culture and Policy is a quarterly academic journal. The journal was established in 1987 and is published by Routledge in collaboration with the Society for Social Studies of Science and the European Association for the Study of Science and Technology.
 The teachings of Brother Lawrence (born Nicholas Herman) a 17th-century Carmelite monk compiled by Father Joseph de Beaufort. The compilation includes letters as well as records of his conversations kept by Brother Lawrence's interlocutors. The basic theme of the book is the development of an awareness of the presence of God.
 The Ivory Tower is an unfinished novel by Henry James posthumously published in 1917. The novel is a brooding story of Gilded Age America. It centers on the riches earned by a pair of dying millionaires and ex-partners Abel Gaw and Frank Betterman and their possibly corrupting effect on the people around them.
 Mindshadow is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by J.M. Dillard.
 The Times-News is the daily newspaper for Hendersonville North Carolina and its surrounding area. It has served Henderson Transylvania and Polk counties in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Western North Carolina since 1881. In December 1985 it became an A.M. paper and added a Sunday edition. With a daily circulation of approximately 15000 the Times-News averages about 40000 readers per day.
 GamesTM (styled as gamesTM) is a UK-based multi-format video games magazine covering many video game platforms including PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 Wii GameCube Xbox PlayStation 2 PC games Game Boy Advance PlayStation Portable Nintendo DS and Arcade machines. The first issue was released in December 2002.
 Catalyst Code: The Strategies Behind the World’s Most Dynamic Companies is a book by Market Platform Dynamics founder David S. Evans and MIT economist (and former dean of the MIT Sloan School of Management) Richard L. Schmalensee published in 2007.
 The Broken Commandment is a Japanese novel written by Tōson Shimazaki published in 1906 (late Meiji period) under the title Hakai (破戒). The novel deals with the burakumin formerly known as eta. This book enjoyed great popularity and influence in Japan.
 The Way I Am is an autobiography by American rapper Eminem published on October 21 2008. It is a collection of Eminem's personal stories reflections photographs original artwork and lyric sheets. It details his struggles with poverty drugs fame heartbreak family and depression along with stories about his rise to fame and commentary on past controversies. The book is illustrated with never before published photos of Eminem’s life.
 Bessatsu Margaret (別冊マーガレット Bessatsu Māgaretto) or Betsuma (別マ) for short is a shōjo manga magazine published monthly in Japan by Shueisha. It is targeted at girls aged roughly 12 to 17. It is a spinoff of the magazine Margaret.
 Stanford Wong Flunks Big-Time is a novel by Lisa Yee. It shows Stanford's point of view in Millicent Min Girl Genius.
 The Salisbury Post is a daily newspaper founded in 1905 in Salisbury North Carolina that serves the city and other municipalities in Rowan County as well as the county itself. The publisher of the Post is Greg Anderson and its editor is Elizabeth G. Cook.
 Bad Land: An American Romance is a travelogue of Jonathan Raban's research over a two-year period into the settlement of southeastern Montana in the early 20th century. The focus of the book is on the least-populated and least-known area of the United States - the badland area between Marmarth ND and Terry MT along the route of the Milwaukee Road railroad and the goings on of various settler families who homesteaded in that area.
 Almanac of the Dead is a novel by Leslie Marmon Silko first published in 1991.
 Sharpe's Devil is a historical novel written by Bernard Cornwell and published in 1993 based on an episode in the life of his fictional hero Richard Sharpe.
 The Gospel According to Judas is a 2007 novella by Jeffrey Archer and Frank Moloney which presents the events of the New Testament through the eyes of Judas Iscariot.
 César Cascabel is a novel written by Jules Verne in 1890. It is part of Voyages Extraordinaires series (The Extraordinary Voyages). It was published in English in two-volume form with subtitles The Show on Ice and The Travelling Circus.
 Scotland on Sunday is a Scottish Sunday newspaper published in Edinburgh by The Scotsman Publications Ltd and consequently assuming the role of Sunday sister to its daily stablemate The Scotsman. It was printed in broadsheet format but in 2013 was relauched as a tabloid. Since this latest relauch it comprises three parts the newspaper itself which includes the original Insight section a sports section and Spectrum magazine which incorporates At Home originally a separate magazine.
 The Dark Zone is the fourth book in the Galahad series by Dom Testa.
 Northumbrian Minstrelsy is a book of 18th and 19th century North East of England folk songs and pipe music intended to be a lasting historical record. The book was edited by John Stokoe and the Rev John Collingwood Bruce LL.D. F.S.A. and published by and on behalf of the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne in 1882. It was reprinted in 1965 by Folklore Associates Hatboro Pennsyslvania with a foreword by A. L. Lloyd.
 The Nicaragua Dispatch is an independent online English-language news website based in Granada Nicaragua.Launched on October 17 2011 by U.S.
 The Vochenblatt also known as Keneder yiddische vochenblat (Canadian Jewish Weekly) was a Yiddish-language communist newspaper in Canada published from Toronto between 1940 and 1979. Vochenblatt was one of the major communist Yiddish newspapers in the world during the Cold War. The newspaper repeatedly voiced support for the Birobidzhan movement.
 The Desperate Hours is a 1955 play by Joseph Hayes based on his 1954 thriller novel of the same title. The story about three escaped convicts was the basis for the films The Desperate Hours in 1955 and Desperate Hours in 1990.The play opened in New Haven's Shubert Theatre in 1955 before premiering on Broadway later that year.The Desperate Hours won Tony Awards for Best Play and Best Direction in 1955
 Educational Evaluation and Policy Analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of educational policy analysis. It was established in 1979 and is published by American Educational Research Association in partnership with Sage Publications. The editors-in-chief are Mark Berends (University of Notre Dame) Luis M. Huerta (Teachers College Columbia University) Laura S. Hamilton (RAND Corporation) and Ron Zimmer (Vanderbilt University).
 The De Inventione is a handbook for orators that M. Tullius Cicero composed when he was still a young man. Quintillian tells us that Cicero considered the work rendered obsolete by his later writings. Originally four books in all only two have survived into modern times. It is also credited with the first recorded use of the term liberal arts or artes liberales though whether or not Cicero coined the term is unclear.
 The Forest of Hands and Teeth is a New York Times best-selling post-apocalyptic zombie novel by first-time author Carrie Ryan that is marketed to young-adults. It was published in 2009 by Random House Delacorte Press in the United States and by Hachette Gollancz in Australia and the United Kingdom. This is the first volume of a trilogy; the second book in the series The Dead-Tossed Waves was released on March 9 2010 and The Dark and Hollow Places followed in March 2011.
 Iris Zero (Japanese: アイリス・ゼロ Hepburn: Airisu Zero) is a Japanese manga by Takana Hotaru with scenario by Piroshiki following the daily life of a boy who lives in a society where almost all people his age have supernatural powers in their eyes (called Iris) and as the sole student of the school who has no Iris at all he must make use of his intellect to help his friends and tackle those who discriminate him for it.
 Poetry Ireland Review is a journal of Irish poetry published quarterly by Poetry Ireland the national Irish poetry organization.Poetry Ireland Review publishes the work of both emerging and established Irish and international poets. In line with keeping the journal fresh vibrant and progressive it usually appoints a new editor for every four journals. An original Poetry Ireland journal appeared in April 1948 edited by David Marcus.
 Details of a Sunset is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov written in Russian under his pen name Vladimir Sirin in Berlin in 1924.
 Camelot 3000 is an American twelve-issue comic book limited series written by Mike W. Barr and penciled by Brian Bolland. It was published by DC Comics from 1982 to 1985 as one of its first direct market projects and as its first maxi-series.
 As the Crow Flies is a novel by Jeffrey Archer. The novel was originally published in hardback by HarperCollins in May 1991. HarperCollins and Random House both published paperback version of this book in 1992.
 The War Between the Tates is a campus novel by Alison Lurie that takes place at an elite university during the upheavals of the late 1960s and gently and deftly skewers all sides in the turmoils and conflicts of that era — opposition to the Vietnam war the start of the feminist movement the generation gap sexual liberation experimentation with drugs and student unrest.
 Avalon is a novel written by the American author Anya Seton. It was published in 1965.It is a fictional story about the lives of Saint Rumon and Merewyn set against a broad historical background of Anglo-Saxon England and the Viking expansion to Iceland and Greenland.The book focuses on Rumon and Merewyn: their journey and acceptance into the English Court; Merewyn's kidnapping by Vikings and Rumon's epic search for her; and ultimately their reunification back in England.
 Secrets of Sinister House was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by DC Comics from 1972–1974 a companion to Forbidden Tales of Dark Mansion.
 The Pittsburgh Courier was an African-American newspaper published in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania from 1907 until October 22 1966. By the 1930s the Courier was one of the top black newspapers in the United States.
 Econometrica is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics publishing articles in many areas of economics especially econometrics. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Econometric Society. The current editor-in-chief is Daron Acemoğlu (Massachusetts Institute of Technology).Econometrica was established in 1933. Its first editor was Ragnar Frisch recipient of the first Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1969 who served as an editor from 1933 to 1954.
 Launched in 1987 by Time Inc. Parenting was a magazine for families published in the United States. In February 2009 the magazine became two separate age-targeted editions: Parenting Early Years for moms of infants toddlers and preschoolers; and Parenting School Years for moms with kids in kindergarten through age 12. Meredith Corporation which owns Parents Parenting's biggest competitor bought Parenting in May 2013 and shuttered the title.
 Hajar Churashir Maa (No. 1084's Mother) is a 1974 Bengali novel written by Ramon Magsaysay Award winner Mahasweta Devi. It was written in 1974 on the backdrop of Naxalite revolution in the Seventies.
 The Central Ontario Visitor was a weekly community newspaper in Bobcaygeon Ontario Canada published in conjunction with the Bobcaygeon Independent and the Fenelon Falls Gazette. It was established in 1985. The paper was geared towards tourists and was inserted weekly into the Independent and Gazette during the warmer months of May through October.
 First available online in 2000 InsideChips is the largest online news and analysis service covering semiconductor industry startups worldwide.InsideChips is a web-based information service tracking and analyzing emerging semiconductor ventures and technologies. Semiconductor startups covered include fabless ventures IP firms independent IC design houses and EDA firms.The timeline tracks the new ventures from the kitchen table stage through IPO.
 The Most Famous Man in America: The Biography of Henry Ward Beecher is a 2006 biography of the 19th-century American minister Henry Ward Beecher written by Debby Applegate and published by Doubleday.
 Africultures is a publication of arts and culture about and from Africa and its diasporas founded in 1996 and based in France in Les Pilles and Paris. The magazine is managed by the association Africultures and it is published by L'Harmattan. Since 2012 all the documentation produced by the magazine and all its database made of over 80'000 biographies of artists and description of books music films and institutions is released under the open license Creative Commons attribution share alike.
 Saorsa is a collection of short stories in Scottish Gaelic edited by Joan NicDhòmhnaill and John Storey and published by Ùr-sgeul in 2011. While varied the stories explore the shared themes of moral ambiguity subversion and law breaking. Crime drugs plastic surgery poverty abuse neoliberalism tourism cultural identity migration murder love betrayal politics social and economic history are some of the topics explored in the collection.
 Laura Warholic; or The Sexual Intellectual is a 2007 novel by Alexander Theroux. The plot concerns the relationship between Eugene Eyestones the writer of an advice column called The Sexual Intellectual and his editor's ex-wife Laura Warholic whom Eyestones pities more than likes.
 Eternal Curse on the Reader of These Pages (Spanish: Maldición eterna a quien lea estas páginas) is a 1980 novel by Argentine novelist Manuel Puig. As in other works by Puig the story is formally experimental consisting of mostly unattributed dialogue digressing into stories within stories. It also bears many of Puig favorite motifs including sexuality and leftist revolutionary politics.
 Instead Of Three Wishes: Magical Short Stories (1995) is a collection of seven fantasy children's stories by Megan Whalen Turner.
 Looking for Alaska is a young adult novel by John Green published in March 2005 by Dutton Juvenile. Green's first novel won the 2006 Michael L. Printz Award from the American Library Association. During the week of July 29 2012 Looking for Alaska broke into the New York Times best seller list at number ten in Children's Paperback 385 weeks (more than 7 years) after it was released.
 Sawlumin inscription (Burmese: စောလူးမင်းကျောက်စာ [sɔ́lúmɪ́ɴ tɕaʊʔ sà]) inscribed in 1052/53 is one of the oldest surviving stone inscriptions of the Burmese. The inscriptions were made in multiple languages including Burmese Pyu Mon Pali and Yun.
 Eat or Be Eaten (食うか食われるか Kuu ka Kuwareru ka) is a light novel with homoerotic themes written by Jinko Fuyuno and illustrated by Yamimaru Enjin author of works such as The Way To Heaven and Voice or Noise. It was published by Frontier Works in Japanese and was published in English by Digital Manga Publishing in May 2009.
 Golgota Picnic (Golgotha Picnic) is a play by the Argentinian playwright Rodrigo García. The play interweaves serious critique of consumer society despair over the human race and deconstruction of the person and message of Jesus of Nazareth.
 Flashman and the Mountain of Light is a 1990 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the ninth of the Flashman novels.
 Monographic sketch of Sălaj County (Romanian: Schiţa monografică a Sălagiului) is a book about Szilágy County edited by Dr. Dionisie Stoica and Ioan P. Lazăr. The book was awarded Andrei Mureșanu Prize of Astra for the best literary book of the year 1908 in Hungary.
 Flight of the Nighthawks is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the first book in the Darkwar Saga and was published in 2005. It was followed by Into a Dark Realm which was published in 2006.
 Psychology Public Policy and Law is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It publishes original empirical papers reviews and meta-analyses on the contribution of psychological science to law and public policy.
 De arte supputandi libri quattuor was the first printed work on arithmetic published in England. Published in 1522 it was written by Cuthbert Tunstall Bishop of London and based on Luca Pacioli's Summa de arithmetica geometria proportioni et proportionalità.
 Bad Monkeys (2007) is a psychological thriller novel by Matt Ruff.
 Extension du domaine de la lutte (literal English translation: 'broadening of the battlefield'; published in English as Whatever) is the debut novel of French writer Michel Houellebecq which was published in 1994 in France and in 1998 in the UK by Serpent's Tail and released in 1999 as a film (directed by and starring Philippe Harel). The novel tells the story of a depressed and isolated man stuck in a tedious but well-paying programming job.
 Marx's Concept of Man is a 1961 book about Karl Marx by Erich Fromm.
 William Jones is a novel by T. Rowland Hughes written in 1944.It tells of the story of a quarryman in Gwynedd who decides to leave his community to look for work in the coal mines of South Wales.It describes the tough lives of the quarrymen at the beginning of the twentieth century and furthermore it is the only Welsh novel which illustrated life in the industrial valleys of South Wales until Gwenallt wrote the novel Ffwrneisiau (published posthumously in 1982).
 love it! is a weekly magazine produced in the UK. It was launched on February 7 2006 by News Magazines Ltd News International's magazine division.Entering into the so-called real life category it is aimed at working-class women aged 18–35 combining 'inspirational' real-life stories (typically graphic and disturbing anecdotes) with those on celebrities fashion beauty and sex.
 Books of Magick: Life During Wartime is a fantasy comic book series published by DC Comics under their Vertigo imprint in 2004 and 2005 that was discontinued after fifteen issues.All of the issues are written by Si Spencer with some script consultation done by Neil Gaiman. The artwork is done solo by Dean Ormston throughout most of the series' run.
 Hey Class President! (生徒会長に忠告 Seitokaichou ni Chukoku) is a Japanese yaoi manga written and illustrated by Kaori Monchi. The manga was serialized in Shinshokan's Dear+ magazine and the serial chapters collected into four tankōbon the first one released in September 2005 and the fourth in May 2009. It is licensed in English by 801 Media and the two volumes were released in March and May 2009. It is licensed in German as Highschool Love by Egmont Manga and Anime.
 Captain Blood: His Odyssey is an adventure novel by Rafael Sabatini originally published in 1922.
 Texas Journal on Civil Liberties & Civil Rights (Bluebook abbreviation: Tex. J. C.L. & C.R.) is a biannual student-produced law review at the University of Texas School of Law (Austin TX United States). It was established in 1992 as the Texas Forum on Civil Liberties & Civil Rights and covers the status of civil rights law and analyses of the relevant issues surrounding these laws.In addition to the biannual publication the journal hosts an annual symposium.
 Paradise of the Blind (Những thiên đường mù) is a novel by female writer Dương Thu Hương published in 1988. It was the first Vietnamese novel published in English in the United States. It is now banned in Vietnam because of the political views in the novel.
 Super Jump (スーパージャンプ Sūpā Janpu abbreviated SJ and stylized SUPER JUMP) was a biweekly manga anthology published by Shueisha under the Jump line of magazines. Released in Japan on December 20 1986 the magazine provided serialized chapters of various seinen manga series. The manga series were published under the Jump Comics Deluxe imprint.
 The Dungeons of Torgar is the tenth book in the Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever. These later books are illustrated by Brian Williams.
 Sharpe's Christmas is a short story by historical fiction author Bernard Cornwell. It features Cornwell's fictional hero Richard Sharpe. It was originally written for British newspaper The Daily Mail which serialised it during the Christmas season of 1994. An extended version was published by The Sharpe Appreciation Society in a short story collection of the same name in 2003 to raise funds for The Bernard and Judy Cornwell Foundation.
 National Geographic Dinosaurs is a nonfiction reference book on dinosaurs written by Paul Barrett with illustrations by Raul Martin and an introduction by Kevin Padian. It was published in 2001 by National Geographic.
 The Benton Evening News is an American daily newspaper published in Benton Illinois. In 1987 the paper was acquired by Hollinger. Current owner GateHouse Media purchased roughly 160 daily and weekly newspapers from Hollinger in 1997.In addition to Benton the Evening News covers Christopher Sesser and Thompsonville and Franklin County. A sister daily also owned by GateHouse the Daily American covers another community in the county West Frankfort.
 Spring Fever (水温む Mizu Nurumu) is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada and published by Ohzora Publishing in 1995 and Houbunsha in May 2001. It was released in English by Aurora Publishing in August 2007 under their label Deux Press. Spring Fever tells the romantic homosexual story of Yusuke Onishi who falls in love with the much older single father Takami Hirokazu.
 The Crown Snatchers is a self-described superstorybook written by German authors F. K. Waechter and Bernd Eilert. It is the English translation of Die Kronenklauer which was first published in 1972 by Rowohlt Verlag in Germany. Two years later Pantheon Books and Random House of Canada Ltd.
 The Benton Review is a weekly newspaper serving Benton Jasper Newton Tippecanoe Warren and White counties in Indiana. It began July 1875 as the Benton Democrat. The paper's masthead describes it as a combination of the Fowler Leader and the Fowler Republican.
 The High Deeds of Finn Mac Cool is a children's novel by Rosemary Sutcliff and was first published in 1967. It is a retelling of the stories of Fionn mac Cumhaill and the Fenian Cycle.
 Breaking India: Western Interventions in Dravidian and Dalit Faultlines is a book written by Rajiv Malhotra and Aravindan Neelakandan which argues that India's integrity is being undermined by the support of western institutions for the Dravidian movement and Dalit identity. It was published by Amaryllis in 2011. In 2011 this book was in the list of top 10 bestseller books in India.
 De la démocratie en Amérique (French pronunciation: ​[dəla demɔkʁasi ɑ̃n‿ameˈʁik]; published in two volumes the first in 1835 and the second in 1840) is a classic French text by Alexis de Tocqueville. Its title translates as On Democracy in America but English translations are usually entitled simply Democracy in America.
 Birpurush is a poem written by Rabindranath Tagore. The poem depicts a child fantasising that he saves his mother from dacoits.In the evening when the sun is set they reach a barren place. There is not a single soul there. Even the cattle have returned home. Plodding silence reigns there. The mother is a bit afraid and wonders where they have arrived! The child assures her and tells there is small river ahead. The mother sees a shimmering light and asks her son about it.
 Salamandastron is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1992. It is the fifth book in the Redwall series.
 The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy (Die Kultur der Renaissance in Italien) is an 1860 work on the Italian Renaissance by Swiss historian Jacob Burckhardt. Together with his History of the Renaissance in Italy (Die Geschichte der Renaissance in Italien; 1867) it is counted among the classics of Renaissance historiography.An English translation was produced by S.G.C.
 Mad White Giant - a journey to the heart of the Amazon jungle is a 1985 semi-autobiographical adventure novel by British explorer and author Benedict Allen. It details Allen's travels between the mouths of the Orinoco and the Amazon rivers. In the United States the novel was published under the title Who Goes Out In The Midday Sun?
 The Fourth Estate is a 1996 novel by Jeffrey Archer. It chronicles the lives of two media barons Richard Armstrong and Keith Townsend from their starkly contrasting childhoods to their ultimate battle to build the world's biggest media empire. The book is based on two real life media barons - Robert Maxwell and Rupert Murdoch who fought to control the newspaper market in Britain.
 The Beatles: The Biography is the name of a 2005 biography of the 1960s rock band The Beatles written by Bob Spitz. It was first published by Little Brown and Company on November 1 2005.
 Skylark DuQuesne (pronounced Doo-keen) was the final novel in the epic Skylark series by E. E. Smith. Written as Dr. Smith's last novel in 1965 and published shortly before his death it expands on the characterizations of the earlier novels (written 1919 - about 1938) but with some discrepancies (some of which may relate to unwritten background developments). The most significant point is that Dr.
 Baramulla Bomber is a Science Fiction Espionage Thriller and India's first Mythological Thriller written by Clark Prasad. Baramulla Bomber is touted as the planet's first Techno Mythology Thriller a Techno-thriller with mythological elements. It was published in July 2012 and then republished by Niyogi Books in August 2013. It was launched by Javagal Srinath on October 5 2013 in Bangalore India.
 The Guerilla Filmmakers Handbook is a bestselling textbook on low-budget and independent film production written by Chris Jones and Genevieve Jolliffe. Currently in its third edition it consists primarily of interviews with filmmakers and case studies in filmmaking. The Handbook has become widely respected in the UK as a comprehensive filmmaking guide.Jones and Jolliffe have also written three further books on film making. Chris Jones wrote The Guerilla Film Makers Movie Blueprint.
 Tori Koro (トリコロ) (aka. Tricolo) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hai Ran. The manga was serialised in Hobunsha's Manga Time Kirara until 2005 when it was discontinued. Media Works's Dengeki Daioh started to serialised the manga in June 2006. The manga is published in Japan by Hobunsha and is licensed in North America by DrMaster.
 The Bay City Times is a newspaper published in Bay City Michigan United States published Thursdays Fridays and Sundays with a Tuesday edition jointly-published with The Saginaw News. The paper is published by Booth Newspapers owned by Advance Publications. The paper is the most widely circulated newspaper in northeastern Michigan.
 The British Journal of Aesthetics is a journal dedicated to the study of philosophical aesthetics and the philosophy of art. It was founded in 1960 and is published quarterly by the Oxford University Press.
 A Question of Guilt is a novel in the Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew super mystery series.
 Čaj s kraljico is a novel by Slovenian author Evald Flisar. It was first published in 2004.
 The Second Mrs. Giaconda later The Second Mrs. Giocondais a historical novel for children by E. L. Konigsburg. Set primarily in Milan Italy it features Leonardo da Vinci his servant Salai and duchess Beatrice d'Este. Through the experiences of Salai narrated in third person it explores the background of da Vinci's Mona Lisa.
 Strange Brother is a gay novel written by Blair Niles published in 1931. The story is about a platonic relationship between a heterosexual woman and a gay man and takes place in New York City in the late 1920s and early 1930s.Strange Brother is significant because it provides an early and objective documentation of homosexual issues during the Harlem Renaissance.
 ALARM Magazine is an American quarterly magazine based in Chicago Illinois that publishes Music and Art Beyond Comparison. It covers emerging and mid-career musicians and artists with a focus on independent underground or otherwise non-mainstream music and art. It also covers fashion film toys and electronic media to a lesser extent.Editor/publisher Chris Force founded the magazine in 1995 in Connecticut. The magazine then moved to Boston Massachusetts.
 The Daily Brahmanbaria is the first daily newspaper in the Brahmanbaria district which is being published by the direction of Md. Nurul Hossain who has more than forty years of experience as an editor. This newspaper is also being published as an online publication. This online publication is also famous to the readers. It was first published in tabloid sized. It changed to a broad sized newspaper published in black and white.
 The Book on Adler (subtitle:The Religious Confusion of the Present Age Illustrated by Magister Adler as a Phenomenon A Mimical Monograph) is a work by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard written during his second authorship and was published posthumously in 1872. The work is partly about Pastor Adolph Peter Adler who claimed to have received a revelation. After some questionable acts Adler was subsequently dismissed from his pastor duties.
 The Forbidden City is the second book in the World of Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever and written by Ian Page. It is one of four books in the mini-series and features Grey Star for whom the first book is named a young Wizard trained by the enigmatic Shianti to stop the Wytch-King and his Shadakine Empire. All four of the Grey Star books were released by Project Aon along with many of the other installments of the Lone Wolf series.
 ...the Heavens and the Earth: A Political History of the Space Age is a 1985 nonfiction book by American historian Walter A. McDougall published by Basic Books. The book chronicles the politics of the Space Race comparing the different approaches of the US and the USSR....the Heavens and the Earth was a finalist for the 1985 American Book Award and won the 1986 Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Matanglawin literally meaning Hawk's Eye and usually contracted as Mata is the official student newspaper of the Ateneo de Manila University in the Filipino language. The student paper dedicates itself to discussing socio-political events in the Philippines the plight and suffering of the working class as well as pressing student rights issues.
 Playboy Special Editions (formerly known as flats then Newsstand Specials) are a spin-off series of Playboy magazine containing glamour and softcore nude photographs. The initially infrequent and later semi-regular editions ran from 1964 until the publication of the final issues in 2012.Unlike the monthly magazine which features a variety of articles opinion columns and works of fiction the only texts found in the Special Editions are captions of the photographs and readers' letters.
 Electronics Weekly is a weekly trade journal for electronics professionals which was first published by Reed Business Information on 7 September 1960. It is available in print and electronic formats and the readership is audited by BPA Worldwide which verifies its circulation twice yearly. The magazine's circulation in 2007 was 40918.
 Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus (1996) is the first science fiction novel in the Pastwatch series by Orson Scott Card. The book's focus is the life and activities of explorer Christopher Columbus. Much of the action deals with a group of scientists from the future who travel back to the 15th century in order to change the pattern of European contact with the Americas.
 Ancestors: 900 Years in the Life of a Chinese Family is a book first published in 1988 written by the Hong Kong-based journalist Frank Ching in which he tells the story of his ancestors in the Qin (秦) family beginning with the 11th-century Song dynasty poet Qin Guan. He also relates many details about the history of the city of Wuxi Jiangsu Province the home of the Qin clan.
 Jurnal de Chişinău is a Moldovan newspaper founded in 1999.
 Piccadilly Jim is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on February 24 1917 by Dodd Mead and Company New York and in the United Kingdom in May 1918 by Herbert Jenkins London. The story had previously appeared in the US in the Saturday Evening Post between 16 September and 11 November 1916.The novel features Ogden Ford and his mother Nesta (both previously encountered in The Little Nugget (1913)).
 Pizza Kittens is a children's picture book by Charlotte Voake published in 2002. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Silver Award.
 The Mountain Wreath (Serbian: Горски вијенац / Gorski vijenac) is a poem and a play a masterpiece of Serbian literature written by Prince-Bishop and poet Petar II Petrović-Njegoš.Njegoš wrote The Mountain Wreath during 1846 in Cetinje and published it the following year after the printing in an Armenian monastery in Vienna. It is a modern epic written in verse as a play thus combining three of the major modes of literary expression.
 The Delhi News-Record is a newspaper owned by Sun Media that serves the area surrounding the community of Delhi in Norfolk County Ontario Canada.
 De Tijd (English: The Times) formerly De Financieel-Economische Tijd (The Financial Economical Times) is a Belgian berliner newspaper that mainly focuses on business and economics. It is printed on salmon pink paper since May 2009 following the example of its colleagues Financial Times Het Financieele Dagblad FT Deutschland and many more.
 This Is Where We Came In is a 1990 children's play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about three storytellers Great Aunt Repetitus Uncle Erraticus Uncle Oblivious who trap six players in twisted re-interpretations of fairy tales.
 Julian is a 1964 novel by Gore Vidal a work of historical fiction written primarily in the first person dealing with the life of the Roman emperor Flavius Claudius Julianus (known to Christians as 'Julian' the Apostate) who reigned 360-363 CE.
 To Whom This May Come is an early novel by American author Edward Bellamy. The book was first published in 1888.
 A Tale of Time City was first published in 1987 by British author Diana Wynne Jones. It tells the story of a girl Vivian Smith who is kidnapped while being evacuated from London during World War II and caught up in a struggle to preserve history. In this novel Jones explains time travel with more reference to our current understanding of science than she does in many of her other works.
 A Marriage Proposal (sometimes translated as simply The Proposal Russian: Предложение) is a one-act farce by Anton Chekhov written in 1888-1889 and first performed in 1890. It is a fast-paced play of dialogue-based action and situational humour.
 Indian Summer: The Secret History of the End of an Empire (2007) is a history book written by Alex von Tunzelmann. The book covers the end of the British Empire and the partition of the Indian subcontinent that resulted in thousands of deaths.
 El Diario de Ferrol is a Galician newspaper founded in Ferrol Spain in 1996. Since 1999 it has been edited by El Ideal Gallego. It is distributed mostly in metropolitan area of Ferrolterra. Until the early 1980s Ferrol had a popular newspaper with a very similar name El Ferrol Diario which became extinct during the critical years of the decade which saw the advent of democracy and the recession in the shipbuilding industry.
 Laura l'immortelle (Laura the Immortal in French) is a novel by Marie-Pier Côté a Québécois Canadian author. The book was published by Les Éditions des Intouchables on January 17 2007.When Côté was 12 her novel was published. The book was launched with a lot of publicity because of the author's age.
 Letters to Milena is a book collecting some of Franz Kafka's letters to Milena Jesenská from 1920 to 1923.
 The Unadulterated Cat by Terry Pratchett illustrated by Gray Jolliffe is a book written to promote what Pratchett terms the 'Real Cat' a cat who urinates in the flowerbeds rips up the furniture and eats frogs mice and sundry other small animals. The opposite of the Real Cat is the 'Fizzy Keg Cat' a well-behaved and bland kind as seen on cat food advertisements.It was first published 1989 by Gollancz.
 Jih-chi chiu-chung (Nine Diaries) was the most popular book published by Chinese writer Yu Dafu. Written in 1927 it detailed the events of his affair with the leftist writer Wang Ying-hsia and broke all previous Chinese sales records.
 The Beard of Avon is a play by Amy Freed originally commissioned and produced by South Coast Repertory in 2001. It is a farcical treatment of the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship in which both Shakespeare and his wife become involved in different ways with secret playwright Edward de Vere and find themselves helping to present the works of several other secretive authors under Shakespeare's name including Queen Elizabeth I herself.
 24 Minuti was an Italian free daily newspaper published by Il Sole 24 Ore in collaboration with Il Sole 24 Ore Radiocor in the cities of Rome and Milan in Italy.Launched in 2006 it was the first Italian free daily newspaper devoted to an upper class readership. The owners decided to cease publication on April 1 2009 due to low advertising revenue caused by the 2009 economic crisis.
 Ladies' Home Journal was an American magazine published by the Meredith Corporation. It first appeared on February 16 1883 and eventually became one of the leading women's magazines of the 20th century in the United States. It was the first American magazine to reach 1 million subscribers in 1903.
 Marie Claire is an international monthly magazine for women. First published in France various editions are published in many countries and languages. The United States edition focuses on women around the world and several worldwide issues. Marie Claire magazine also covers health beauty and fashion topics.
 A Whale of a Tale is the only song to be featured in Disney's film 20000 Leagues Under the Sea. It is performed by Kirk Douglas who plays Ned Land. It was written by Al Hoffman and Norman Gimbel.
 Curious George Rides a Bike is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1952. It is the third book of the original Curious George series and tells the story of George's new bicycle and his experiences performing with an animal show.
 Optic Nerve is a comic book series by cartoonist Adrian Tomine. Originally self-published by Tomine in 1991 as a series of mini-comics (which have later been collected in a single volume 32 Stories) the series has been published by Drawn and Quarterly since 1995.Tomine's style and subject matter are restrained and realistic. Many are set in Northern California.
 City of Night is a novel written by John Rechy. It was originally published in 1963 in New York by Grove Press. Earlier excerpts had appeared in Evergreen Review Big Table Nugget and The London Magazine. City of Night is notable for its exposé approach to and stark depiction of hustling as well as its stream of consciousness narrative style.
 The Journal of Symbolic Computation is a peer-reviewed monthly scientific journal covering all aspects of symbolic computation published by Academic Press and then by Elsevier. It is targeted to both mathematicians and computer scientists.
 The Official Dreamcast Magazine was a video game magazine for the Dreamcast published in the United States. The magazine's initial issue 0 was released in June 1999 a full 3 months before the launch of the system. This issue featured Sonic the Hedgehog on a black cover along with the launch date and some of the system's unique features. The magazine then ran for twelve issues from the September 1999 Dreamcast launch to March/April 2001 shortly after Dreamcast was discontinued.
 The Independent is an English language Daily newspaper published in Dhaka Bangladesh. It is the only 32-page all-colour daily newspaper in Bangladesh.Its weekly supplements include: Stethoscope Young and Independent Faith The Weekend Independent Magazine Dhaka Live (daily).
 Medusa is a novel by Michael Dibdin and is the ninth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series.
 Jokelopedia is a joke book consisting of 1700 jokes riddles and facts about comedians and popular comedy shows. Ellen DeGeneres often uses the book as a gift on her show The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
 Fear and Trembling (original title: Stupeur et tremblements which means Amazement and trembling) is a novel by Amélie Nothomb first published in 1999 and translated into English by Adriana Hunter. It was awarded the Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française that year.
 Inside Out & Back Again is a novel by Thanhha Lai. The book was awarded the 2011 National Book Award for Young People's Literature and one of the two Newbery Honors. The verse novel was based on her first year in the United States as a ten-year-old girl that spoke no English in 1975.
 The Sorrow of Belgium (Dutch: Het verdriet van België) is a novel by the Belgian author Hugo Claus published in 1983. It's his best known work. In 1994 it was translated in English by Arnold J. Pomerans.
 The Holcroft Covenant is a 1978 novel by Robert Ludlum. In 1985 it was made into a film of the same name.
 Merrick (2000) is the seventh book in Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles series. This book brings together Rice's vampires and the Mayfair Witches.
 Chiaroscuro is a comic series developed by Canadian artist Troy Little between 2000 and 2005.
 The Temptation of Saint Anthony (French La Tentation de Saint Antoine) is a book which the French author Gustave Flaubert spent practically his whole life fitfully working on in three versions he completed in 1849 1856 (extracts published at the same time) and 1872 before publishing the final version in 1874.
 The GM Effect is a short story by science fiction author Frank Herbert which first appeared in Analog magazine in 1965 and later in Herbert's 1985 short story collection The Worlds of Frank Herbert. It is notable for being the first Herbert's story that dealt with a concept of other memory a concept which would come to permeate most of his work most notably the novels of the Dune Universe.
 The Ship Who Sang (1969) is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey a fix-up of five stories published 1961 to 1969. By an alternate reckoning The Ship Who Sang is the earliest of the stories a novelette which became the first chapter of the book.
 Crime Does Not Pay is the title of an American comic book series published between 1942 and 1955 by Lev Gleason Publications. Edited and chiefly written by Charles Biro the title launched the crime comics genre and was the first true crime comic book series. At the height of its popularity Crime Does Not Pay would claim a readership of six million on its covers.
 Bowie: A Biography is a biography on the life and times of musician David Bowie a twentieth century music and cultural icon. The book is written by Marc Spitz and was released on October 27 2009 by the Crown Publishing Group.
 The Sleeping Beauty is a novel by Mercedes Lackey published in 2010 and the fifth book of the Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms series. As in the previous book The Snow Queen characters from earlier books in the series are either mentioned or appear as secondary characters
 The Sinner is a 2003 mystery novel by Tess Gerritsen the third book of the Maura Isles/Jane Rizzoli series.
 Drums Along the Mohawk (1936) is a novel by American author Walter D. Edmonds. The story follows the lives of fictional Gil and Lana Martin settlers in the Mohawk Valley of the New York frontier during the American Revolution. The book is peopled with historical persons such as General Nicholas Herkimer Adam Helmer and William Caldwell and features historical events such as the Battle of Oriskany and the Attack on German Flatts (1778).
 Melody Maker is a defunct UK weekly pop/rock music newspaper which was one of the world's earliest music weeklies (according to its publisher IPC Media the earliest). It was founded in 1926 largely as a magazine for dance band musicians by Leicester-born composer publisher Lawrence Wright; the first editor was Edgar Jackson. In 2000 it was merged into long-standing rival (and IPC Media sister publication) New Musical Express.
 The Pink Swastika: Homosexuality in the Nazi Party is a book first published in 1995 by Scott Lively and Kevin Abrams. The book drew criticism from historians.
 Linda McCartney's Sixties: Portrait of an Era (published on 13 October 1992) is a book by Linda McCartney which presents a number of selected photographic portraits of rock legends. Linda McCartney's Sixties: Portrait of an Era continues to be the most famous work by McCartney.
 CATALYST Magazine is a free alternative monthly tabloid-paged magazine published in Salt Lake City Utah. It was founded in 1982 by Greta Belanger deJong Victoria Fugit Lezlee Spilsbury Don Ashton and Lucy Powell.
 Discovering Psychology is a popular introductory textbook on psychology written by Don H. Hockenbury and his wife Sandra E. Hockenbury. Don Hockenbury is a recipient of the Tulsa Community College Award for Teaching Excellence.
 Eve & Adam is a book by Michael Grant and Katherine Applegate published in 2012 by Feiwel and Friends.
 Oru Sankeerthanam Pole (Malayalam: ഒരു സങ്കീർത്തനം പോലെ) is a widely acclaimed novel written by Perumbadavam Sreedharan first published in September 1993. Set in the city of Saint Petersburg it deals with the life of the Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky and his love affair with Anna who would later become his wife. This book broke Malayalam publishing records in 2005 by selling more than 100000 copies in just 12 years after its initial publication.
 Final Crisis: Rogues' Revenge is a three-issue 2008 mini-series produced by DC Comics. The series is a tie-in to Final Crisis and is written by Geoff Johns and penciled by Scott Kolins. This reunites the creative team for the first time since their critically acclaimed run on The Flash (vol. 2) in 2001-2003.
 El Mercenario (English: The Mercenary) is a science fiction comics series by the Spanish artist Vicente Segrelles published beginning in 1980. An unusual feature for a comic book every panel is painted in oil a time-consuming technique. The series is known for the great attention paid to the depiction of landscapes.
 Curious George is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1941. It is the first book in the Curious George series and tells the story of a monkey called George and his adventures with the Man with the Yellow Hat.
 The Forest is a historical novel by Edward Rutherfurd published in 2000. Drawing on the success of Rutherfurd's other epic novels this went on to sell well and appeared in numbers of bestseller lists.
 Ender in Exile is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card part of the Ender's Game series published on November 11 2008. It is an interquel and occurs between Ender's Game and Speaker for the Dead. It could also be considered a parallel novel to the last three books in the Shadow Saga since the entirety of these books takes place in the span of Ender in Exile. The novel also concludes a story line and makes several references to events that take place during the Shadow Saga.
 The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer is a book written by Siddhartha Mukherjee an Indian-born American physician and oncologist. Published on November 16 2010 by Scribner it won the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction: the jury called it an elegant inquiry at once clinical and personal.The book weaves together Mukherjee's experiences as a hematology/oncology fellow at Massachusetts General Hospital as well as the history of cancer treatment and research.
 Savvy is a 2008 children's fantasy novel by Ingrid Law aimed at children aged nine to twelve years. The American Library Association named Savvy a 2009 Newbery Honor Book.Characters Mississippi Mibs - The thirteen-year old main character. Throughout the book she reminisces about her family and speculates about her own future as she feels she is on the cusp of growing up. Her savvy is to be able to read the mind of people when they have ink on their body. Fish - Fourteen years old.
 The Towers of Toron is a 1964 science fantasy novel by Samuel R. Delany and is the second novel in the Fall of the Towers trilogy. The novel was originally published as Ace Double F-261 together with The Lunar Eye by Robert Moore Williams.The stories of the Fall of the Towers trilogy were originally set in the same post-holocaust Earth as Delany's earlier The Jewels of Aptor linking references however were removed in later revised editions.
 Running Wild is a novella by J. G. Ballard first published in 1988.The novel takes the form of a detective novel recounting the investigation of a mysterious massacre in suburbia through the diary of a forensic psychiatrist.
 remTwo to the Fifth is the 32nd book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Flight is a novel written by Sherman Alexie. It is written in the first-person from the viewpoint of a Native American teenager who calls himself Zits a time traveling mass murderer. Zits is a foster child having spent the majority of his life moving from one negative or abusive family experience to another. His friend Justice introduces Zits to a new way of thinking and to the idea of committing random violence.
 The Dunwich Horror is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft. Written in 1928 it was first published in the April 1929 issue of Weird Tales (pp. 481–508). It takes place in Dunwich a fictional town in Massachusetts. It is considered one of the core stories of the Cthulhu Mythos.
 Cobra Trap is the title of a short story collection by Peter O'Donnell featuring his action/adventure heroine Modesty Blaise. The book was published in 1996 and is the thirteenth and final book in the Modesty Blaise series which began in 1965. Cobra Trap was released 11 years after the previous book in the series Dead Man's Handle. It was the final book to be written by O'Donnell before his death in 2010.
 Ancestry Magazine was a general interest genealogy magazine owned by Ancestry.com Operations Inc. The magazine received a 2009 Gold Eddie Award in the enthusiast category for its article The Man (or Woman) Who Would Be King. Eddie awards are granted annually by Folio magazine for excellence in editorial content.The magazine began as Ancestry Newsletter a small genealogy-industry newsletter in 1983 and became a four-color 68-page glossy print bimonthly publication in 1994.
 The Magical Mimics in Oz (1946) is the thirty-seventh in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the first written by Jack Snow. It was illustrated by Frank G. Kramer. The book entered the Public Domain in the United States when its copyright was not renewed as required.
 Artifact of Evil is a fantasy novel by Gary Gygax set in the world of Greyhawk which is based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Samurai Jack comics is a monthly American comic book ongoing series chronicling the travels of Samurai Jack. The comic book series follows up Season 4 of Samurai Jack of a time-displaced samurai warrior Jack in his singular quest to find a method of travelling back in time and defeating the tyrannical demonic wizard Aku.In February 2013 IDW Publishing announced a partnership with Cartoon Network to produce comics based on its properties.
 Chronic Illness is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of chronic illnesses. Its editor-in-chief is Christopher Dowrick (University of Liverpool). It was established in 2005 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Assahifa Al Ousbouia (Arabic: for The Weekly Paper‎) is an Arabic language weekly newspaper in Morocco.
 The Ik is a 1975 play by Colin Higgins and Dennis Cannan adapted from the 1972 book by Colin Turnbull about the Ik people titled The Mountain People.It was devised with director Peter Brook.
 The Handbuch der Vögel Mitteleuropas (Handbook of the Birds of Central Europe HBV) is a German-language scholarly handbook on the birds of Central Europe. For the purposes of the book the Central European region is defined as the states of Belgium Germany Luxembourg the Netherlands Austria Poland Switzerland Slovakia the Czech Republic Hungary and Liechtenstein.
 MensuHell is a Canadian comics fanzine published in Montréal in Québec from December 1999 to December 2008.With 109 issues MensuHell is probably the Québec comics fanzine which has the longest run.The name MensuHell is a sound-alike portmanteau of the French word mensuel (monthly) and the English word hell.
 When Saturday Comes (WSC) is a monthly magazine about football first published in London in 1986. It aims to provide a voice for intelligent football supporters offering both a serious and humorous view of the sport covering all the topics that fans are likely to talk about whether serious or trivial. WSC is still edited by Andy Lyons who originally founded the magazine along with Mike Ticher.
 Briar's Book by Tamora Pierce is a fantasy novel set in the fictional duchy of Emelan. It is the fourth and final book in the Circle of Magic quartet starring the four young mages Sandry Tris Daja and Briar as they learn to handle powerful magic form intense bonds of friendship and stand up against destructive forces of nature.
 Opera: The Undoing of Women (French: L’Opéra ou la Défaite des femmes) is a 1979 book by French philosopher Catherine Clément.
 The Brownwood Bulletin is a daily newspaper based in Brownwood Texas USA. It is owned by American Consolidated Media.Brownwood attorney William Harding Mayes purchased the weeklies Brownwood Bulletin in the 1886 and Brownwood Banner in the 1887 consolidating them into the Brownwood Banner-Bulletin. He and his brother H.F. Mayes started the daily Brownwood Bulletin on October 15 1900. He published the newspaper until 1914.H.F. Mayes and J.C.
 La vuelta al día en ochenta mundos is a two-volume collection of short pieces by Julio Cortázar which was published by Siglo XXI Editores in 1967. Portions of the collection along with portions of Cortázar's later two-volume collection Último round were translated by Thomas Christensen and published by North Point Press in 1986 under the title Around the Day in Eighty Worlds.
 The Urbana Daily Citizen is an American daily newspaper published in Urbana Ohio. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.The newspaper was part of the Brown Publishing Company chain that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on April 30 2010; its Ohio assets including 14 daily newspapers and about 30 weeklies were transferred to a new business Ohio Community Media which was purchased in May 2011 by Philadelphia-based Versa Capital Management.
 1900 is a Dutch bi-monthly sports magazine published in Amsterdam focusing on the association football club AFC Ajax. It was founded in 2012 with its first edition appearing on 20 December 2012.
 Only When I Larf is a late 1960s British comic thriller describing the activities of a team of three confidence tricksters led by Silas Lowther (late 40s) his girlfriend Liz Mason (late 20s) and wannabe apprentice and Liz-worshipper Bob (early 20s). It was published in 1968 by Michael Joseph and in paperback by Sphere.
 Z Mazinger (Ｚマジンガー Z Majingā) is a retelling of the Mazinger Z story by Go Nagai mixing it with ancient Greek mythology. Here Greek myths are the human testimony of the epic battles between robots piloted by extraterrestrials. The appearance of the robot remains similar to the original Mazinger but with a more modern look.Set in contemporary times the battle of the Gods (extraterrestrials thought to be Gods by the ancient Greeks) continues.
 The Poet is a novel written by award-winning American author Michael Connelly. It was first published in 1996; a sequel The Narrows was published in 2004. The Poet won the 1997 Dilys Award.The story is told in first-person narrative from the perspective of reporter Jack McEvoy. At times a first-person narrative is also used for a mysterious character named Eidolon. And while telling the story from the viewpoint of pedophile William Gladden Connelly uses third-person narrative.
 Graphotism (subtitled 'The International Graffiti Writers Publication') is a magazine published in the United Kingdom and distributed internationally which covers the subject of street art and graffiti. It is widely regarded as the most popular graffiti publication by graffiti writers and is a quarterly definitive collection of street art all over the world. It retails for GB£15 €25 or US$25.
 Nemzeti Sport (the title means National Sport) is a Hungarian sports daily founded in 1903 owned by Ringier of Switzerland. This traditional newspaper has the third largest circulation in the country. It is frequently cited by quality English-language media
 Aquarium (Japanese: アクエリアム Hepburn: Akueriamu) is a one-shot shōjo manga by Tomoko Taniguchi. It was serialised in Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha's manga magazine My Birthday in 1990. Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha released the manga in September 1990. It was licensed in North America by Central Park Media which was released in 2000. The manga was republished on April 1 2008.
 Bruja is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel.
 Hollywood Nocturnes is a 1994 collection of short stories by James Ellroy. Like many of Ellroy's novels the majority of the stories are set in 1940s and 1950s. The collection was inspired by Ellroy's having seen the film Daddy-O and finding cosmic significance in the image of Dick Contino whom Ellroy tracked down to interview for the book.
 The Dwarves (German: Die Zwerge) is the first novel in the titular high fantasy series The Dwarves by German fantasy author Markus Heitz. The story follows an orphan dwarf by the name of Tungdil Goldhand raised by humans. The book was originally written in English and German.
 The Cricketer is a monthly English cricket magazine providing articles writing and photography from international country and club cricket.The magazine was founded in 1921 by Sir Pelham Warner the ex-England captain turned cricket writer. Warner edited the magazine until 1963. Later editors included E W Swanton and Christopher Martin-Jenkins.Apart from its coverage of the contemporary game The Cricketer also contributed much to the sport's history.
 A Country Doctor (German: Ein Landarzt) is a collection of short stories written in 1916 by Franz Kafka containing the story of the same name. Kurt Wolff published it in 1919 as the second collection of stories by Kafka after Betrachtung (Contemplation).Kafka dedicated the collection to his father.
 A Darker Place is a book written by Jack Higgins. It's 16th book in Sean Dillon series.
 →Serpent is the first book in the NUMA Files series of books co-written by best-selling author Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos and was published in 1999. The main character of this series is Kurt Austin.This is the first book with Cussler's new hero Kurt Austin. The main plot is about a group of men who call themselves The Brotherhood and have ties to a 15th-century religious order.
 I was a Rat! or The Scarlet Slippers is a children's novel written by British author Philip Pullman. It was published in 1999.
 fab was a Canadian magazine which targeted the gay community publishing biweekly issues in Toronto Ontario from 1994 to 2013. It published alternate weeks to the city's other biweekly gay publication Xtra!. The publication’s official spelling uses a lower-case F: fab.
 Thinking Fast and Slow is a 2011 book by Nobel Memorial Prize winner in Economics Daniel Kahneman which summarizes research that he conducted over decades often in collaboration with Amos Tversky.
 The Review of Radical Political Economics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Union for Radical Political Economics. It was established in 1968 and covers research on political economy broadly defined. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.328 ranking it 256th out of 321 journals in the category Economics.
 Wolf Hunting is a novel in the Firekeeper Saga series by Jane Lindskold.
 A Maze of Death is a 1970 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. Like many of Dick's novels it portrays what appears to be a drab and harsh off-world human colony and explores the difference between reality and perception. It is however one of his few to examine the human death instinct and capacity for murder and is one of his darkest novels.
 Hills Like White Elephants is a short story by Ernest Hemingway. It was first published in August 1927 in the literary magazine transition then later in the 1927 short story collection Men Without Women.
 Tiny Titans was an Eisner Award-winning comic book series by Art Baltazar and Franco Aureliani. It was published by DC Comics beginning publication in February 2008. The first issue was also released as part of the annual Free Comic Book Day promotion in May 2008. The series concluded its run with the 50th issue released March 21 2012 (cover date May 2012).
 Filth is a 1998 novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh. A sequel Crime was published in 2008. It was adapted into a 2013 film of the same name directed by Jon S. Baird with James McAvoy in the lead role.
 Hellboy: The Crooked Man and Others is the tenth collected edition of Mike Mignola's comic book series Hellboy collecting Hellboy: The Crooked Man #1-3 Hellboy: In the Chapel of Moloch Hellboy: They That Go Down to the Sea in Ships and the story The Mole from Free Comic Book Day 2008: Hellboy. The collected edition features an introduction by Gahan Wilson. As with Hellboy stories generally it was published by Dark Horse Comics.
 A Guide to the Astral Plane is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy tabletop role-playing game published in 1996.
 Vitebskiy Kurier is a Russian language newspaper published in the city of Belarus.
 The Funhouse is a 1980 novelization by best-selling author Dean Koontz of a Larry Block screenplay which was made into the 1981 film The Funhouse directed by Tobe Hooper. As the film production took longer than expected the book was released before the film.Koontz originally published the novel under the pseudonym Owen West.
 Les Géants is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as The Giants. It was published by Atheneum and Jonathan Cape.
 World Without End is a best-selling 2007 novel by Ken Follett and the sequel to 1989's The Pillars of the Earth.World Without End takes place in the same fictional town as Pillars of the Earth—Kingsbridge—and features the descendants of some Pillars characters 157 years later. The plot incorporates two major historical events the start of the Hundred Years' War and the Black Death.
 Draugas (English: Friend) is the only Lithuanian daily newspaper published abroad. Until 2011 the newspaper was published five days a week except Sundays and Mondays. It is currently published three days a week Tuesday Thursday and Saturday. It is read not only in the United States but in Canada South America Australia and Europe as well.
 Everybody's Magazine was an American magazine from 1899 to 1929.The magazine was founded by Philadelphia merchant John Wanamaker in 1899 though he had little role in its actual operations.Initially the magazine published a combination of non-fiction articles and new fiction stories.
 Amaryllis Night and Day is a 2001 novel by Russell Hoban incorporating elements of magic realism and romance.
 Wither is a 2011 young-adult dystopian novel written by Lauren DeStefano. It was originally published on March 22 2011 by Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing. It is set in a future where scientists succeeded in engineering a perfect generation of humans free of illness and disorders but as a consequence also created a virus that plagues that generation's children and their children's children killing females at age 20 and males at age 25.
 Cookie was a lifestyle magazine for the modern mother published from 2005 until 2009 by Condé Nast Publications. According to Conde Nast it featured an editorial mix of fashion home décor travel entertainment and health for her and her family.Cookie had a total circulation of 500000. It was targeted to women which made up 86% of their readership with a median age of 36.9 and median household income of $82442.
 Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar is a book written by American author Cheryl Strayed. The book was published by Vintage Books a division of Random House Publishing on July 10 2012 and debuted at No. 5 on the New York Times Best Seller list in the advice and self-help category. Tiny Beautiful Things is a collection of essays compiled from Strayed's Dear Sugar advice column which she wrote anonymously on The Rumpus online literary magazine.
 Logica Universalis is a peer-reviewed academic journal which covers research related to universal features of logic. Topics covered include tools and techniques for studying existing systems of logic and constructing new ones the study of the various classes of logical systems the scope of validity the domain of application of fundamental theorems and also philosophical and historical aspects of concepts of logic.
 A Mind of Its Own: A Cultural History of the Penis is a non-fiction book by New York-based columnist and author David M. Friedman that details the history of the human penis.
 The Wine-Dark Sea is an historical novel set during the Napoleonic Wars written by British author Patrick O'Brian and published by HarperCollins in 1993. It is the sixteenth volume in the Aubrey-Maturin series and became Patrick O'Brian's first bestseller in the United States. The novel features the adventures of naval commander Jack Aubrey and his friend ship's surgeon naturalist and spy Stephen Maturin.
 Toilers of the Sea (French: Les Travailleurs de la Mer) is a novel by Victor Hugo.The book is dedicated to the island of Guernsey where Hugo spent 19 years in exile.The story concerns a Guernseyman named Gilliatt a social outcast who falls in love with Deruchette the niece of a local shipowner Mess Lethierry.
 Man in the Dark is a novel by Paul Auster published in August 2008. Its topic is a dystopian scenario of the present-day USA being torn apart by a new secession and civil war after the presidential elections of 2000. (The fictional division between the secessionist and loyal states is very similar to the Jesusland map.) This is told within a frame narrative of an aging journalist reflecting on his family and the death of his wife.
 The Pan American Journal of Public Health (Spanish: Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública) is a peer-reviewed open-access public health journal covering research and case studies on issues of public health significance mainly in areas related to national and local health systems to improve the health of the peoples of the Americas. The journal is published monthly by the Pan American Health Organization a regional office of the World Health Organization.
 Young West: A Sequel to Edward Bellamy's Celebrated Novel Looking Backward is an 1894 utopian novel written by Solomon Schindler radical rabbi of Boston. As its subtitle indicates the book was one of the many responses and sequels to Edward Bellamy's famous 1888 novel Looking Backward and was one volume in the major wave of utopian and dystopian writing that distinguished the later nineteenth century.Schindler had earlier translated Looking Backward into German (1890).
 Prasna Marga is a unique work on Hindu astrology natal and horary ('Prashna' means 'Horary') that appears to be a major classical text covering every aspect of human existence. It was written in Sanskrit Sloka – format in the year 1649 A.D. in a place called Edakad near Tellasseri in the present Indian State of Kerala by Narayanan Nambutiri of Panakkattu house (a Namboodari Brahmin) of Kerala. The author himself wrote a brief commentary to his book with the name 'Durgamartha prakasini'.
 The Best of National Lampoon No.1 was a humorous American book that was first published in 1971. The book was a special issue of National Lampoon magazine so it was sold on newsstands. However it was put out in addition to the regular issues of the magazine.
 Inside Woody Allen was a comic strip about the film actor and director Woody Allen. Drawn by Stuart Hample the strip ran from 1976 to 1984.
 Play is a one-act play by Samuel Beckett. It was written between 1962 and 1963 and first produced in German as Spiel on 14 June 1963 at the Ulmer Theatre in Ulm-Donau Germany directed by Deryk Mendel with Nancy Illig (W1) Sigfrid Pfeiffer (W2) and Gerhard Winter (M). The first performance in English was on 7 April 1964 at the Old Vic in London.
 Haïti Progrès is a weekly newspaper founded in 1983 that focuses on news concerning Haiti. It is published in Brooklyn New York and has offices in Port-au-Prince. Its main edition is in French but it also publishes in English and Kreyòl.Editorially Haïti Progrès follows a politically left generally Marxist perspective.
 The Future and Its Enemies: The Growing Conflict Over Creativity Enterprise and Progress is a 1998 book by Virginia Postrel where she describes the growing conflict in post-Cold War society between dynamism – marked by constant change creativity and exploration in the pursuit of progress – and stasism where progress is controlled by careful and cautious planning.
 The Devil's Labyrinth is a thriller horror novel by John Saul published by Ballantine Books on July 17 2007. The novel follows the story of Ryan McIntyre a teenage boy sent to a Catholic boarding school where strange deaths and mysterious disappearances begin to occur upon his arrival.
 Muskoka Magazine is a large format lifestyle magazine published ten times per year in Bracebridge Ontario by Cottage Country Communications. The magazine is widely sold throughout the Muskoka region and in the greater Toronto area.
 Yes is a novel by Thomas Bernhard originally published in German in 1978 and translated into English by Ewald Osers in 1992.
 Birth of an Age is the second third of the Christ Clone Trilogy by James BeauSeigneur. This book primarily chronicles the Trumpet Judgements as foretold in the Book of Revelation. Other biblical prophecies from the Book of Revelation and the Book of Daniel are depicted.As with the first and third book in this trilogy many footnotes are used from various sources.
 Akhnaton is a play by Agatha Christie. It was written in 1937 around the same time she was writing Death on the Nile. It is set in Ancient Egypt and followed the exploits of the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhnaton his wife Nefertiti and his successor Tutankhaton (who would take the name Tutankhamun when he became Pharaoh).
 Wetware is a 1988 biopunk science fiction novel written by Rudy Rucker. It shared the Philip K. Dick Award in 1988 with Four Hundred Billion Stars by Paul J. McAuley. The novel is the second book in Rucker's Ware Tetralogy preceded by Software in 1982 and followed by Freeware in 1997.
 Black Wings Has My Angel is a fictional crime novel by American novelist Elliott Chaze published by Gold Medal Books in 1953. It centers on an escaped convict Tim Sunblade and his plot to rob an armored truck while being wrapped up in a love/hate relationship with Virginia a call girl he meets in Mississippi.
 Cloudstreet is a novel by Australian writer Tim Winton. It chronicles the lives of two working class Australian families who come to live together at One Cloud Street in a suburb of Perth over a period of twenty years 1943 - 1963. It was the recipient of a Miles Franklin Award in 1992.
 The Outdoor Book For Adventurous Boys is a fun retro mixture of useful outdoor skills recreational activities and forbidden knowledge that will be enjoyable for children while reminding adults of a simpler time.The book has more than 70 entries on the great outdoors survival techniques games and cunning inventions. It includes a mixture of useful outdoor skills fun activities and hidden knowledge.
 Decoding Reality: The Universe as Quantum Information is a popular science book by Vlatko Vedral published by Oxford University Press in 2010. Vedral examines information theory and proposes information as the most fundamental building block of reality. He argues what a useful framework this is for viewing all natural and physical phenomena.
 Hello Muddah Hello Faddah! (A Letter from Camp) is a children's book based on the novelty song Hello Muddah Hello Fadduh by Allan Sherman and Lou Busch and illustrated by Jack E. Davis.In the book a wide-eyed snaggled-tooth narrator seems befuddled by all the problems at Camp Granada.
 Bad Boy is a one-shot comic book by Frank Miller and Simon Bisley and published by Oni Press.
 Mothers News is a free monthly newspaper published in Providence RI by Rhododendron Festival.
 Ender's Shadow (1999) is a parallel science fiction novel by the American author Orson Scott Card taking place at the same time as the novel Ender's Game and depicting some of the same events from the point of view of Bean a supporting character in the original novel. It was originally to be titled Urchin but it was retitled Ender's Shadow prior to release. Ender's Shadow was shortlisted for a Locus Award in 2000.
 Archaeologia Cambrensis is an archaeological and historical scholarly journal that is published annually by the Cambrian Archaeological Association. It contains excavation reports book reviews and historical essays as well as society notes and accounts of field visits.
 Ashes to Gold is a book by Sherry Andrews and Patti Roberts former wife of Richard Roberts and daughter in law of faith healer Oral Roberts. The offers a critical assessment of the Roberts' ministry and university.
 The Universe in a Nutshell is one of Stephen Hawking's books on theoretical physics. It explains to a general audience various matters relating to the Lucasian professor's work such as Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem and P-branes (part of superstring theory in quantum mechanics). It tells the history and principles of modern physics.
 Citrus (シトラス Shitorasu) is a Japanese yuri manga series written and drawn by Saburouta. It has been serialized in Ichijinsha's Comic Yuri Hime since November 17 2012. Its first volume has been licensed by Seven Seas Entertainment for a printed release in North America on December 16 2014.
 Nellai Maalai Murasu is daily evening Tamil newspaper in Nellai India. It is owned by Daily Thanti group. It was founded by S. P. Adithanar and the current director is Sivanthi Adithan.
 Comics International was a British news and reviews magazine about comic books. Founded in 1990 it was published monthly by Quality Communications until 2006. At the time of its demise in 2010 it was published by Cosmic Publications Ltd.
 Something Different is a 1967 comedy play by Carl Reiner. Reiner directed the original production which starred Bob Dishy.
 Old Friends is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Angel television series.
 Swords Against Darkness III is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andrew J. Offutt. It was first published in paperback by Zebra Books in March 1978.The book collects thirteen short stories and novelettes one poem and one essay by various fantasy authors together with a foreword by Offutt.
 Cradle Tales of Hinduism (1907) is a book written by Sister Nivedita.
 A Few Good Men is a play by Aaron Sorkin first produced on Broadway by David Brown in 1989.
 Desire Caught by the Tail is a farcical play written by the painter Pablo Picasso.
 Pure is a 2011 novel by English author Andrew Miller. The book is the sixth novel by Miller and was released on 9 June 2011 in the United Kingdom through Sceptre an imprint of Hodder & Stoughton. The novel is set in pre-revolutionary France and the upcoming turmoil is a consistent theme throughout. It follows an engineer named Jean-Baptiste Baratte and chronicles his efforts in clearing an overfilled graveyard which is polluting the surrounding area.
 Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones is a juvenile fiction novel by Brandon Sanderson published in November 2008 by Scholastic Press. It is preceded by Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians.
 Hastings International and Comparative Law Review (HICLR) is one of the oldest international law journals in the United States and was established in 1976. It is published by law students through the O'Brien Center for Scholarly Publication the publishing foundation for UC Hastings. HICLR publishes articles on the topics of international comparative and foreign law.
 Making Sense of Marx is a 1985 book about Karl Marx by Jon Elster.
 Huddling Place is a science fiction short story by Clifford D. Simak originally published in 1944 in Astounding Science Fiction. It is one of several linked stories collected in City.
 DC: The New Frontier is an Eisner Harvey and Shuster Award-winning six-issue comic book limited series written and drawn by Darwyn Cooke published by DC Comics in 2004. It was then collected into two trade paperback volumes from 2004–2005 and then an Absolute Edition in 2006.
 I'm Not Your Steppin' Stone: Shameless is a manga by Shiuko Kano. It is licensed in English by Digital Manga Publishing which published I'm Not Your Steppin' Stone: Shameless in November 2007. It involves a construction worker without a high school diploma who falls in unrequited love with a woman who likes intellectuals. He approaches her brother for tutoring but the brother agrees on the condition that the construction worker pay him in sexual favours.
 Sculpting in Time (Russian Запечатлённое время literally Depicted Time) is a book by Russian filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky about art and cinema in general and his own films in particular. It was originally published in 1986 in German shortly before the author's death and published in English in 1987 translated by Kitty Hunter-Blair.
 The African Journal of Marine Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all disciplines of marine science. It was established in 1983 as the South African Journal of Marine Science and obtained its current name in 2003. It is published jointly by Taylor & Francis and the National Inquiry Services Centre (South Africa). According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2009 impact factor is 1.520.
 The Sweetest Fig is a children's fantasy novel written in 1993 by the American author Chris Van Allsburg. It tells a story of an affluent cold-hearted French dentist who eats a fig which makes his wildest dreams come true.
 Elliott Smith and the Big Nothing is a biography of musician Elliott Smith by Benjamin Nugent. It was published by Da Capo Press on October 30 2004 just past the one-year anniversary of Smith's death. The book contains interviews with two of the musician's producers Rob Schnapf and David McConnell and friends such as Pete Krebs and Bill Santen but does not contain any original interviews with Smith his family or his close friends.
 La bonne cuisine de Madame E. Saint-Ange is a French cookbook written by Marie Ébrard under the name E. Saint-Ange and published in 1927 by Larousse.
 The Science of Discworld IV: Judgement Day is a book set on the Discworld by Terry Pratchett Ian Stewart and Jack Cohen. It is the sequel to The Science of Discworld The Science of Discworld II: The Globe and The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch.As with the first three volumes the book alternates between a Discworld story and a serious scientific discussion.The Science of Discworld series is arguably unique in style: we call it fact/fantasy fusion.
 The Ant Bully (ISBN 0590395912) is a 1999 children's book drawn and written by John Nickle. It is about a young boy named Lucas Nickle (also known as Peanut the Destroyer) who is the titular character in the book and who likes to torment ants. It was later adapted into a computer-animated film of the same name by John A. Davis produced by Legendary Pictures and DNA Productions for Warner Bros. Pictures.
 Beyond the Wall of Sleep is a short story by American writer H. P. Lovecraft written in 1919 and first published in the amateur publication Pine Cones in October 1919.
 Everything Tastes Better with Bacon: 70 Fabulous Recipes for Every Meal of the Day is a book about cooking with bacon written by Sara Perry. She is an author food commentator and columnist for The Oregonian. The book was published in the United States on May 1 2002 by Chronicle Books and in a French language edition in 2004 by Les Éditions de l'Homme in Montreal. In it Perry describes her original concept of recipes combining sugar and bacon.
 Última Hora (Last Hour) is a Spanish language newspaper published in Nuevo Laredo Tamaulipas Mexico. The newspaper was founded on July 26 1996 as Dos Enlace de Culturas by Benjamín Galván Gómez. The name was changed to Ultima Hora on November 13 1998. The newspaper is printed daily at 5:00 PM CST to ensure the latest news is read and the newspaper is sold until 10:30 AM CST. Última Hora is also circulated in Laredo Texas United States.
 The Quarterly Review of Film and Video founded in 1976 is published eight times a year online and in four printed quarterly issues annually by Taylor and Francis presents critical historical and theoretical essays book reviews and interviews in the area of moving image studies including film video and digital imaging studies.
 En ménage (English: Married Life ) is a novel by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans first published in February 1881 by Charpentier. It tells the story of André Jayant a novelist who marries a petty-minded woman called Berthe. When he finds out Berthe has been unfaithful he leaves her to live first with a high-class prostitute called Blanche then with a working-class woman Jeanne with whom he had had a love affair five years before.
 Little Farmer was a comic strip drawn by Kern Pederson. The strip featured a short chubby moustached farmer who never spoke and usually his dog. Much like the strip Henry the humor was conveyed via pantomime.
 The Chicago Sun-Times is a daily newspaper published in Chicago Illinois. It is the flagship paper of the Sun-Times Media Group.
 Pellucidar is a 1915 fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs the second in his series about the fictional hollow earth land of Pellucidar. It first appeared as a four-part serial in All-Story Weekly from May 8–29 1915. It was first published in book form in hardcover by A. C. McClurg in September 1923. A map by Burroughs of the Empire of Pellucidar accompanied both the magazine and book versions.
 The Hazard Herald is a weekly newspaper based in Hazard Kentucky. The newspaper was founded by Bailey P. Wootton in 1911. The paper celebrated 100 years on June 22 2011. Today the paper is located on High Street on downtown Hazard and comes out every Wednesday morning.
 Southern Spaces is a peer-reviewed open-access academic journal that publishes articles photo essays and images presentations and short videos about real and imagined spaces and places of the Southern United States and their connections to the wider world.
 The Great and Secret Show is a novel by British author Clive Barker. It was released in 1989 and it is the first Book of the Art in a trilogy known as The Art Trilogy by fans.The novel is about the conflict between two highly evolved men – Randolph Jaffe and Richard Fletcher – over the mystical dream sea called Quiddity. Jaffe hopes to tap into Quiddity's power while Fletcher wants to prevent it from being tainted.
 Midnight Sun is a graphic novel written and drawn by Ben Towle. It is a semi-fictionalized account of the rescue of the Airship Italia in 1928.Midnight Sun was originally meant to be a six-part comic book series but only issues 1-3 came out before SLG decided to publish the entire story in a graphic novel format.
 The Most Dangerous Game also published as The Hounds of Zaroff is a short story by Richard Connell first published in Collier's magazine on January 19 1924. The Most Dangerous Game features a big-game hunter from New York who falls off a yacht and swims to an isolated island in the Caribbean where he is hunted by a Cossack aristocrat. The story is an adaptation of the big-game hunting safaris in Africa and South America that were fashionable among wealthy Americans in the 1920s.
 7 päivää (Finnish for 7 days also known as Seiska) is a Finnish entertainment and TV magazine published by Aller Julkaisut Oy in Helsinki. In 2005 it had a circulation of 264067. It was first published in 1992.
 Eerie was an American magazine of horror comics introduced in 1966 by Warren Publishing. Like Mad it was a black-and-white newsstand publication in a magazine format and thus did not require the approval or seal of the Comics Code Authority. Each issue's stories were introduced by the host character Cousin Eerie. Its sister publications were Creepy and Vampirella.
 Armadillo is a web-based magazine founded by Mary Hoffman and managed by her daughter Rhiannon Lassiter. The current editor is Louise Ellis-Barrett the web editor is Doda Smith. Linda Newbery edits the Teen Reviews page and Adele Geras is the resident poetry reviewer. Its purpose is to promote children's books through reviews and articles many of which are written by significant children's authors such as Linda Newbery Adele Geras and Celia Rees as well as Hoffman herself.
 The Iron Clew is a novel that was published in 1947 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Alice Tilton. It is the eighth and last of the eight Leonidas Witherall mysteries.
 Gauche the Cellist (セロ弾きのゴーシュ Sero Hiki no Gōshu also transliterated Gorsch the Cellist or Goshu the Cellist) is a short story by the Japanese author Kenji Miyazawa. It is about Gauche a struggling small town cellist who is inspired by his interactions with anthropomorphized animals to gain insight into music. The story has been translated into English Italian and Spanish and was adapted into a critically acclaimed anime in 1982 by Isao Takahata.
 Farlander is the first book in the Heart of the World Series written by Col Buchanan.The book follows the story of Ash a member of a sect of assassins known as Rōshun who offer protection through the threat of vendetta and Nico who is a street urchin living in the city of Bar-Khos which is under siege by the Holy Empire of Mann.
 The Journal of Strategic Studies first published in 1978 is a multi-disciplinary review of forward-looking articles on military and diplomatic strategy (strategic studies). It is published six times per year.The Journal's founding editor was John Gooch of the University of Leeds. Its editors are Dr. Joe Maiolo of King's College London and Thomas G. Mahnken of the Johns Hopkins University (now Deputy Under-secretary at the Office of the Secretary of Defense).
 The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate is a historical young adult novel by Jacqueline Kelly.It was the recipient of a 2010 Newbery Honor Award. It was also honored with the IRA Children's Book Award the North Carolina Young Adult Book Award the TN YA Volunteer State Book Award ML the Virginia M.
 Blood on the Neck of the Cat is a British play. Clive Mantle starred in it.
 Iecavas Ziņas is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Susano Oh (凄ノ王 Susanoou) is a Japanese manga created by Go Nagai. It is loosely based in the Shinto deity Susanoo.With this manga Nagai won the Kodansha Manga Award in the Shōnen category. The original serialization of Kodansha was suspended in 1981 but the success of the novels written by Yasutaka Nagai prompted Kadokawa Shoten to request Go to resume his work on Susano Oh. With this the manga would be published in a period of ten years from 1979 to 1989.
 Tom Brown's School Days (sometimes also called Tom Brown's Schooldays) is an 1857 novel by Thomas Hughes. The story is set at Rugby School a public school for boys in the 1830s; Hughes attended Rugby School from 1834 to 1842. The novel has been the source for several film and television adaptations.The novel was originally published as being by an Old Boy of Rugby and much of it is based on the author's experiences.
 Angeltown is a 5-issue limited series created in 2005 by writer Gary Phillips and artist Shawn Martinbrough and published by Vertigo Comics an imprint of DC Comics. The story is told in the blaxploitation idiom with nods to the detective stories of Chester Himes and Walter Mosley.
 Targeted Killings: Law and Morality in an Asymmetrical World is a non-fiction compilation book about targeted killing edited by Claire Finkelstein Jens David Ohlin and Andrew Altman. It was published by Oxford University Press in 2012. The book grew out of contributions by the authors to a conference in April 2011 at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. Targeted Killings features eighteen essays in five sections arranged by topic.
 ChemMedChem is a monthly peer-reviewed medicinal chemistry journal. It is co-owned by the 14 European chemical society members of ChemPubSoc Europe and is published by Wiley-VCH. Its 2010 impact factor is 3.306. In addition to original research in the form of full papers and shorter communications ChemMedChem contains review-type articles (reviews minireviews essays highlights) as well as occasional book reviews and conference reports.
 Heaven and Hell: My Life in the Eagles (1974–2001) is an autobiography written by former Eagles guitarist Don Felder. The book follows Felder from his less-privileged childhood through to the 21st century. It gained notoriety for expressing Felder's frank feelings regarding Eagles bandmates Don Henley and Glenn Frey.[citation needed] Whether the claims were true or not has not been disclosed by either Henley or Frey.
 Sisterhood of Dune is a 2012 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the first book in their planned Great Schools of Dune prequel trilogy which itself is a sequel to their Legends of Dune trilogy. The book is set eighty years after the events of 2004's Dune: The Battle of Corrin in which the human military finally defeat the thinking machine armies of Omnius.
 The Blue Boy is a Children's novel by Martin Auer first published in 1991 in German as Der blaue Junge illustrated by Simone Klages.
 The Borrowers is a children's fantasy novel by the English author Mary Norton published by Dent in 1952. It features a family of tiny people who live secretly in the walls and floors of an English house and borrow from the big people in order to survive.
 A Raisin in the Sun is a play by Lorraine Hansberry that debuted on Broadway in 1959. The title comes from the poem Harlem (also known as A Dream Deferred) by Langston Hughes. The story is based upon a black family's experiences in the Washington Park Subdivision of Chicago's Woodlawn neighborhood.
 Dark Palace is a novel by the Australian author Frank Moorhouse that won the 2001 Miles Franklin Literary Award.The novel forms the second part of the author's Edith Trilogy following Grand Days that was published in 1993; and preceding Cold Light that was published in 2011.
 Nuclear Jellyfish is the eleventh novel by Tim Dorsey. It was released January 25 2009. It follows overly zealous serial killer Serge A. Storms.
 Cultural Studies <=> Critical Methodologies is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research methods in the field of cultural studies. The journal's editor-in-chief is Norman K. Denzin (University of Illinois). It was established in 2001 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Transformers: The Reign of Starscream is an IDW Publishing comic book a sequel to their adaptation of the 2007 live action Transformers film. The comic follows Starscream. The first issue was released in May 2008.
 Purple Eyes in the Dark (闇のパープル·アイ Yami no Pāpuru Ai) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Chie Shinohara. The series was initially serialized in Shōjo Comic and collected in 12 tankōbon volumes published by Shogakukan between October 1984 and February 1987.
 From Lowbrow to Nobrow is a book on literary culture written by Peter Swirski professor of American literature and culture at the University of Missouri St. Louis and Research Director at the Helsinki Collegium for Advanced Studies. Swirski is the author of twelve books of American literature and culture Stanislaw Lem and theory of knowledge.Having gone through several printings the book is by now a staple in American popular culture studies.
 The Suicide Club is a collection of three 19th century detective fiction short stories by Robert Louis Stevenson that combine to form a single narrative. First published in the London Magazine in 1878 they were collected and republished in the first volume of the New Arabian Nights.The trilogy introduces the characters of Prince Florizel of Bohemia and his sidekick Colonel Geraldine.
 Accelerando is a 2005 science fiction novel consisting of a series of interconnected short stories by British author Charles Stross. As well as normal hardback and paperback editions it was released as a free e-book under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives license. Accelerando won the Locus Award in 2006 and was nominated for several other awards in 2005 and 2006 including the Hugo Campbell Clarke and British Science Fiction Association Awards.
 The Berkeley Tribe was a radical counterculture underground newspaper published in Berkeley California from 1969 to 1972. It was formed after a bitter staff dispute with publisher Max Scherr split the nationally known Berkeley Barb into new competing underground weeklies.
 O Chifrudo is a theatrical comedy in two acts written by Miguel M. Abrahão in 1978 and published first in 1983 in Brazil.
 Wimmen's Comix later titled Wimmin's Comix was an influential all-female underground comics anthology published from 1972 to 1992. Though it covered a wide range of genre and subject matter Wimmen's Comix focused more than other anthologies of the time on feminist concerns homosexuality sex and politics in general and autobiographical comics.
 Mistaken is a novel by the Irish novelist and filmmaker Neil Jordan published in 2011 by John Murray in the UK and Soft Skull Press in the US.It won both the Irish Book Award and Kerry Group Irish Fiction Award.
 The Avion Newspaper is the student-lead college newspaper of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach Florida United States. The Avion publishes weekly and has a print circulation of approximately 1000. The newspaper has a history dating back to Embry-Riddle's earliest days in Miami Florida.
 Redwall Friend & Foe was published in 2000 as an accessory to the Redwall series by Brian Jacques.
 Neon Genesis Evangelion: Shinji Ikari Raising Project (新世紀エヴァンゲリオン 碇シンジ育成計画 Shin Seiki Evangerion: Ikari Shinji Ikusei Keikaku) is a computer game based on the anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion. The player assumes control of Shinji Ikari the protagonist and main character of the normal Neon Genesis Evangelion series in the expanded alternate universe that was glimpsed upon for a few moments in the TV episode 26. Basically the player decides Shinji's fate in how he lives his life.
 New Writings in SF 5 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the fifth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1965 followed by a paperback edition by Corgi in 1966 and an American paperback edition by Bantam Books in August 1970.The book collects seven novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 A Beautiful Life is a play by Australia playwrights Michael Futcher and Helen Howard. It was published by Currency Press in 2000.
 The American Journal of Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the Alliance for Academic Internal Medicine. It publishes original clinical research in internal medicine as well as reviews case reports image articles and practice-related manuscripts. The Journal is published monthly by Elsevier under its Excerpta Medica imprint.Dr. Joseph S. Alpert of the University of Arizona College of Medicine took over as editor-in-chief of the Journal in 2004.
 Dragon Raja (Korean:드래곤 라자; abbreviated as 드라) is the first series of fantasy novels written by Lee Yeongdo one of the most famous fantasy novelists in South Korea. The books chronicle the adventures of a 17-year-old boy Hoochie Nedval his mentor Karl Heltant and his friend Sanson Percival all of whom are from the poor town of Fief Heltant in the Kingdom of Bysus.
 Russian Journal of Physical Chemistry A (Russian: Zhurnal Fizicheskoi Khimii) is an English-language translation of the Russian-language peer-reviewed scientific journal published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media. The journal focuses on review articles pertaining to global coverage of all theory and experiment in physical chemistry disseminated by the Russian Academy of Sciences as well as other Russian academic and research centers.
 Johnny Reb and Billy Yank was a Sunday comic strip drawn by Frank Giacoia from November 18 1956 to May 24 1959. It was one of the last full page Sunday strips. The last full page appeared in late 1957. On May 18 1958 the title changed to Johnny Reb. Some Sundays were ghosted by other artists including Jack Kirby and Joe Kubert.
 Convergent Series is a collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by Larry Niven published in 1979. It is also the name of one of the short stories in the collection. The collection reprints the stories originally appearing in the 1969 collection The Shape of Space that were not part of the Known Space series (The Known Space stories were previously reprinted in 1975's Tales of Known Space and 1976's The Long ARM of Gil Hamilton).
 Wild Flowers Worth Knowing is a book published in 1917 (and republished in 1922) as a result of an adaptation by Asa Don Dickinson of Neltje Blanchan's earlier work Nature's Garden (1900). It covers mostly North American species with a sprinkling of cosmopolitans and includes a preface by Blanchan (who died in 1918).
 Zoenoffer is a 2001 novel by Belgian author Pieter Aspe. It won the 2001 Hercule Poirot Prize.
 The smaller of the two main newspapers in Massachusetts' South Coast The Herald News is a daily newspaper based in Fall River Massachusetts. Its coverage area includes Fall River and the nearby towns of Dighton Freetown Somerset Swansea and Westport Massachusetts; and Little Compton and Tiverton Rhode Island.The Herald News formerly owned by Journal Register Company was sold in December 2006 to GateHouse Media which owns several daily and weekly newspapers in Massachusetts.
 Waiting for the Mahatma is a 1955 novel by R. K. Narayan.
 Inniú (Irish: Today) was an Irish-language newspaper published in Dublin Ireland from 17 March 1943 until 24 August 1984 when it was merged with the Galway-based publication Amárach to form a new weekly newspaper Anois which started in September 1984. Initially the paper was a monthly publication but in April 1945 it changed to a weekly paper. The paper had offices on Merrion Square in Dublin.
 Steve Marriott All Too Beautiful is the official biography of Steve Marriott.
 Marie Antoinette: The Portrait of an Average Woman (German: Marie Antoinette. Bildnis eines mittleren Charakters) is a 1932 biography about the French queen Marie Antoinette by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig. The book was the basis for the 1938 film Marie Antoinette starring Norma Shearer in the titular role.
 The Zeitschrift für Ostmitteleuropa-Forschung (English: Journal for East Central European Studies) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history and culture of Eastern Europe. It is published by the Herder-Institut für historische Ostmitteleuropaforschung (English: Herder Institute for Historical Research on East Central Europe; Marburg) and the editors-in-chief are Heidi Hein-Kircher and Anna Veronika Wendland.
 Demo is a twelve-issue limited series of comic books by writer Brian Wood and artist Becky Cloonan published from 2003–2004 by AiT/Planet Lar. Each issue is an isolated story but they all revolve around the lives of young people.
 New Times Broward-Palm Beach is an alternative weekly newspaper; it is part of the Voice Media Group chain. The paper split off from the Miami New Times in 1997 under the auspices of then editor-in-chief Tom Walsh. Walsh was succeeded by Chuck Strouse who was replaced in 2005 with Tony Ortega. In March 2007 Ortega was appointed as editor-in-chief of the company's flagship paper The Village Voice.
 The Encyclopedia of Serbian Historiography is a one-volume encyclopedia on Serbian historiography and related historical sciences (art history literary history ethnology and archaeology) edited by Sima Ćirković and Rade Mihaljčić.
 Calgary Jewish News the first community-run newspaper of the Jewish community of Calgary Alberta was published from September 1962 to 1988.
 Neurobiology of Aging is a peer-reviewed monthly scientific journal published by Elsevier. The editor-in-chief is Paul D. Coleman. Neurobiology of Aging publishes research in which the primary emphasis addresses the mechanisms of nervous system-changes during aging or in diseases associated with age. Approaches are behavioral biochemical cellular molecular morphological neurological neuropathological pharmacological and physiological.
 The Acolyte is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Thea Astley.It is told in the first person by “the acolyte” Paul Vesper. The novel traces the career of a fictional Australian musician and composer named Jack Holberg. Beginning in obscurity as a piano player in Grogbusters a dreary little Queensland town the blind Holberg eventually gains international recognition as a composer.
 Peeps (also Parasite Positive) is a 2005 novel by Scott Westerfeld revolving around a parasite which causes people to become cannibalistic and repelled by that which they once loved. It follows the protagonist Cal Thompson as he lives with this parasite and tries to uncover a possible threat to the whole population of the world. The apocalyptic threat to the world that begins in Peeps continues in The Last Days which featured some of the same characters.
 Wizard At Large by Terry Brooks is the third novel of the Magic Kingdom of Landover series following The Black Unicorn. Written in 1988 the plot has Abernathy accidentally transported to Earth by one of Questor's ill-conceived spells while a demonic imp is unleashed upon the kingdom of Landover. It was the last of a trilogy of annual Landover novels until The Tangle Box was published six years later. The book was re-released as part of a Landover omnibus in 2009.
 The News Chief is a daily paper located in Winter Haven FL and serves east Polk County FL. It is owned by Halifax Media Group and is located at 455 Sixth St. N.W.
 The Mystery of Dr. Fu Manchu (1913) is the first novel in the Dr. Fu Manchu (sometimes “Fu-Manchu”) series by Sax Rohmer. It collates various short stories published the preceding year. The novel was also published in US under the title The Insidious Dr. Fu Manchu.
 The Mishnah Berurah (Hebrew: משנה ברורה‎ Clarified Teaching) is a work of halakha (Jewish law) by Rabbi Yisrael Meir Kagan (Poland 1838–1933) also colloquially known by the name of another of his books Chofetz Chaim Desirer of Life.His Mishnah Berurah is a commentary on Orach Chayim the first section of the Shulchan Aruch which deals with laws of prayer synagogue Shabbat and holidays summarizing the opinions of the Acharonim (post-Medieval rabbinic authorities) on that work.The title Mishnah Berurah is a reference to the portion in Deuteronomy where Israel is commanded to inscribe God's commandments in large clear writing on a mountainside.The Mishnah Berurah is traditionally printed in 6 volumes alongside selected other commentaries. 
 Graphic Classics is a comic book anthology series published by Eureka Productions of Mount Horeb Wisconsin. Graphic Classics features adaptations of literary classics by authors such as Arthur Conan Doyle H. P. Lovecraft and Edgar Allan Poe with art by top professionals many of whom hail from the underground or alternative comics world.
 Processional: A Jazz Symphony of American Life (1925) is a four-act modernist comedy by the American playwright John Howard Lawson. It was first produced by the Theatre Guild at the Garrick Theatre in New York opening on January 12 1925 in a two-month run. Philip Moeller directed while Mordecai Gorelik designed the sets and costumes. Lee Strasberg played the minor role of First Soldier in the production; Sanford Meisner too played a minor part.
 The South African Geographical Journal is the official journal of the Society of South African Geographers. The journal was established in 1917.
 Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha ViVid (魔法少女リリカルなのはViVid Mahō Shōjo Ririkaru Nanoha Vividdo) is a part of the fourth Nanoha manga series along with Force based on the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha series. It takes place after Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha StrikerS and follows one of its characters Vivio Takamachi.Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha ViVid is serialized in the Japanese magazine Comp Ace since its July 2009 issue which was released on May 26 2009.
 General Music Today is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of music. The journal's editor-in-chief is Shelly Cooper (University of Arizona). It was established in 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Association for Music Education.
 Manhattan Is My Beat is a novel by crime writer Jeffery Deaver. First published in 1988 it is the first book in the Rune Trilogy.
 The Night Battles: Witchcraft and Agrarian Cults in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries is a historical study of the benandanti folk custom of 16th and 17th century Friuli Northeastern Italy. It was written by the Italian historian Carlo Ginzburg then of the University of Bologna and first published by the company Giulio Einaudi in 1966 under the Italian title of I Benandanti: Stregoneria e culti agrari tra Cinquecento e Seicento.
 The Grand Rapids Press is a daily newspaper published in Grand Rapids Michigan. It is the largest of the eight Booth newspapers. It is sold for $1.00 daily and $2.00 on Sunday. AccuWeather provides weather content to the Grand Rapids Press.
 What We Talk About When We Talk About Love is a 1981 collection of short stories by American writer Raymond Carver as well as the title of one of the stories in the collection.
 Time Burial is a collection of science fiction fantasy and horror stories by author Howard Wandrei. It was released in 1995 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1500 copies. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Unknown Astounding Stories Spicy Mystery Stories Weird Tales and The Arkham Collector. A collection of this title but with different contents was originally announced by Arkham House but never published.
 International Research in Children's Literature is a biannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the International Research Society for Children's Literature in July and December of each year. It was established in 2008 and is indexed by the Modern Language Association and the British Humanities Index.
 The Bulletin of Earthquake Engineering is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the European Association for Earthquake Engineering. It covers all aspects of earthquake engineering. It was established in 2003 and the editor-in-chief is Atilla Ansal (Ozyegin University).
 Dagon and Other Macabre Tales is a collection of stories by American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was originally published in 1965 by Arkham House in an edition of 3471 copies.The collection was revised in 1986 by S.T. Joshi replacing the introduction by August Derleth for one by Joshi and another by T. E. D. Klein. The bulk of the tales were also reordered chronologically while some tales were moved to appendices. It was released in an edition of 4023 copies.
 Star Light Star Bright is the name of a 1976 collection of science fiction short stories by Alfred Bester containing: Adam and No Eve Time Is the Traitor Oddie And Id Hobson's Choice Star Light Star Bright They Don't Make Life Like They Used To Of Time and Third Avenue The Pi Man Something Up There Likes Me
 Escape from Freedom known as The Fear of Freedom outside North America is a book by the Frankfurt-born psychologist and social theorist Erich Fromm. First published in the United States by Farrar & Rinehart in 1941 the book explores humanity's shifting relationship with freedom with particular regard to the personal consequences of its absence. Its special emphasis is the psychosocial conditions that facilitated the rise of Nazism.
 The Century's Daughter is a novel by Pat Barker published in 1986. The novel was republished as Liza's England in 1996.The book is critical of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.
 Planet PC was a British PC gaming magazine aimed at pre-teens first published in December 1999. It was issued monthly by Future plc in Bath Somerset and was backed by a marketing budget of GB£50 thousand. Similar magazines published by Future included PC Format for which Planet PC was hoped to be a feeder. Planet PC cost £2.95 per issue with its target market being eight-to-twelve-year-old male PC users. During the year 2000 the magazine had a circulation of 20181.
 Rose is the 2010 book by Inga Muscio which looks into the passive and physical violence in our daily lives and describes how we might find love within this violence. It is her third book following Cunt: A Declaration of Independence (1998) and Autobiography of a Blue-Eyed Devil: My Life and Times in a Racist Imperialist Society (2005).
 Science-Fantasy Quintette is a collection of science fiction short stories by authors L. Ron Hubbard and Ed Earl Repp and edited by William L. Crawford. It was published in 1953 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 300 copies. The book is an omnibus of Repp's The Radium Pool and Hubbard's Triton. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Unknown Amazing Stories Fantasy Book and Science Wonder Stories.
 Feminist Media Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering media and communication studies from a feminist perspective. It was established in 2001 with three issues a year and is published by Routledge. The editors-in-chief are Lisa McLaughlin (Miami University) Cynthia Carter (Cardiff University) and Radha S. Hegde (New York University).
 The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks is the first book in the The Magic School Bus series. Written by Joanna Cole and illustrated by Bruce Degan it is a picture book and introduces most of the main characters of the series including Ms. Frizzle Arnold Dorothy Ann Ralphie (called Ralph in the book) Tim Wanda and Liz as well as several students who did not appear in the later television series.
 The Time of the Ghost is a supernatural English-language children's novel by Diana Wynne Jones published by Macmillan in 1981. Set in the English countryside it features a teenage ghost who is one of four sisters and observes the family unable to remember which one she is. She is from seven years in the future in the aftermath of her accident so it is a kind of timeslip story but she has no memories of those seven years.Greenwillow Books (William Morrow) published the first U.S.
 Carpatho-Rusyn American is a magazine of the culture and history of Rusyn speaking peoples and their descendants in the United States and Europe.
 Tunnel Through Time is a 1966 science fiction novel written by Paul W. Fairman under American science fiction and fantasy author Lester Del Rey's byline. It is a children's time travel adventure.
 The Battle of Marathon is a rhymed dramatic narrative-poem by Elizabeth Barrett (later Browning).
 The Dallas Observer is a free alternative weekly newspaper distributed around the Dallas Texas (USA). At its inception it was conceived as a weekly local arts and cinema review publication with the credo Advocate for Excellence in the Arts on the cover. For a time during the early years the paper switched to a biweekly publishing scheduling. Eventually the paper reverted to a weekly schedule and began concentrating less on the arts.
 Castaways of the Flying Dutchman is the first novel in the Castaways series by Brian Jacques published in 2001. It is based on the legend of the cursed ship the Flying Dutchman.
 The Witches Of Chiswick is a novel by the British author Robert Rankin the title parodying that of The Witches of Eastwick by John Updike.
 The Leicester Mercury is a British regional newspaper for the city of Leicester and the counties of Leicestershire and Rutland. The paper began in the 19th century as the Leicester Daily Mercury and later changed to the present title.
 Sebastian published in 1983 and sub-titled Ruling Passions is the fourth volume in The Avignon Quintet series by British author Lawrence Durrell. Set mainly in Switzerland immediately after World War II the novel continues the story of Constance and the Gnostic cult begun in Monsieur.The mix up over the letter informing Affad of his forthcoming death has caused major ructions within the Gnostic sect and he is called back to Egypt for admonishment.
 It's Getting Later All the Time (Italian: Si sta facendo sempre più tardi) is a 2001 novel by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi. It has the form of an epistolary novel and consists of letters from 17 men to former lovers and a single letter with the response to all of them.
 Nor Hayastan (Armenian: Նոր Հայաստան meaning New Armenia) is an independent Armenian language daily newspaper published in Glendale California. It was established by Vahan Vahanian (Jansezian). The first issue was published on January 15 1992.The newspaper's frequency varies but is usually on a daily basis from Tuesday to Friday averaging 12 to 16 pages a day in a tabloid size.
 Theatricals is a book of two plays by Henry James published in 1894. The plays Tenants and Disengaged had failed to be produced so James put them out in book form with a rueful preface about his inability to get the plays onto the stage.
 Dangerous Games ((2007 ISBN 978-0-441-01490-3) is a science fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois. It was published in 2007 and includes stories on the theme of dangerous games that were originally published from 1958 to 2005. It is the 35th book in their anthology series for Ace Books.
 Reproductive Health Matters (RHM) is an independent charity which produces a twice yearly peer-reviewed journal and other publications on reproductive and sexual health and rights and organises workshops and meetings on these issues. Aimed at an international audience RHM's publications are available in print and online by subscription. They are distributed free to institutions and organisations who cannot afford to pay particularly in developing countries.
 The Courier-Mail is a daily tabloid newspaper published in Brisbane Australia. Owned by News Corp Australia it is published daily from Monday to Saturday in tabloid format. Its editorial offices are located at Bowen Hills in Brisbane's inner northern suburbs and it is printed at Murarrie in Brisbane's eastern suburbs. It is available for purchase throughout Queensland most regions of Northern New South Wales and parts of the Northern Territory.
 Angler's Mail is a weekly angling magazine published in London UK by IPC Media's Inspire division. The magazine covers aspects of modern coarse fishing and is on sale every Tuesday priced £1.85. Its latest audited average weekly sales were 27803 for the Jan-Dec 2013 according to the Audit Bureau of Circulations.
 Abismoj (Abysses) is a 1923 novel written by Jean Forge the first he wrote originally in Esperanto. It describes and profoundly analyzes conflicts in the soul. Already there appear the greatest strengths of Forge's work the original form the figures themselves speak about themselves and about their problems; the form and the inventive narration style give this work important significance in Esperanto literature.
 Skin Tight is a novel by Carl Hiaasen. It focuses on a former detective for the Florida State Attorney's office who becomes the target of a murder plot by a corrupt and egregiously incompetent plastic surgeon.
 The Mencius (Chinese: 孟子; Mandarin Pinyin: Mèngzǐ; Jyutping: maang6 zi2) commonly called the Mengzi is a collection of anecdotes and conversations of the Confucian thinker and philosopher Mencius. The work dates from the second half of the 4th century BC. It was ranked as a Confucian classic and its status was elevated in Song Dynasty.
 The Underground is the sixth book in the Left Behind: The Kids series.The novel opens with Vicki feeling worried for her friend Shelly and overcome with an urge to pray for her.Judd decides to run with the idea Vicki mentioned at the end of Nicolae High (Left Behind: The Kids)namely the publication of an underground newspaperwhich he calls 'the Underground.'Vicki is annoyed by this as Judd is taking the idea overafter Judd spends a whole night 'mixing fonts' in order to produce a title page for the UndergroundVicki is not impressed. 
 The Journal of Theoretical and Philosophical Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of APA Division 24 (Society for Theoretical and Philosophical Psychology). The journal was established in 1986 and is devoted to fostering discussion at the interface of psychology philosophy and metatheory. The current editor-in-chief is Thomas Teo of York University.
 The Journal of the History of Medicine and Allied Sciences is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that was originally published by the Department of the History of Medicine at Yale University and now is continued by Oxford University Press. It covers research on the history of medicine and was established in 1946. The editor-in-chief is Christopher Crenner (The University of Kansas). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.714.
 The Strangest Man: The Hidden Life of Paul Dirac Quantum Genius is a 2009 biography of quantum physicist Paul Dirac written by British physicist and author Graham Farmelo and published by Faber and Faber.
 Reflections on the Revolution in Europe: Immigration Islam and the West is a 2009 book by Christopher Caldwell about the impact of the mass immigration of Muslims to Europe in the 20th century.
 The Bride Price is a 1976 novel (first published in the UK by Allison & Busby and in the USA by George Braziller) by Nigerian writer Buchi Emecheta. It concerns in part the problems of women in post-colonial Nigeria.
 Polar Record is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of Arctic and Antarctic exploration and research created and managed by the Scott Polar Research Institute and published by Cambridge University Press. It was established in 1931.
 Ghost Rider: Travels on the Healing Road (ISBN 1-550-22548-0) is a 2002 philosophical travel memoir by Neil Peart the drummer and main lyricist for the Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It chronicles Peart's long distance motorcycle riding throughout North and Central America in the late 1990s as he contemplated his life and came to terms with his grief over the deaths of his daughter Selena in August 1997 and his wife Jackie in June 1998. It was published by ECW Press.
 The Garbage King is a children's fiction book written by Elizabeth Laird and illustrated by Yosef Kebede.Laird was inspired to write the book after living and working in Ethiopia where in Addis Ababa she saw children who lived on the streets who had inspiring abilities to cope with difficult living conditions.[citation needed] It has received numerous British book awards.
 Mac/Eddy Today is the collectible glossy magazine devoted to the lives and careers of 1930s movie stars Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy. Published since 1977 by the Mac/Eddy Club Mac/Eddy Today has been called The most beautiful magazine of its kind by Elayne Blythe founder of the Film Advisory Board.
 Anime Insider was a monthly magazine published by Wizard Entertainment consisting of news and entertainment pieces relating to the Japanese anime and manga subculture. In its earliest incarnation it was published from Fall 2001 till Fall 2002 as a series of quarterly specials under the title Anime Invasion then became a bi-monthly magazine in November 2002 and was renamed Anime Insider in April 2003.
 The Mirror and the Light is an upcoming historical novel by Hilary Mantel the final part of a planned trilogy charting the rise and fall of Thomas Cromwell the powerful minister in the court of King Henry VIII.
 The Little Vampire (German: Der kleine Vampir) is the title of a series of children's fantasy books created in 1979 by Angela Sommer-Bodenburg. The overall plot deals with the friendship between a human boy called Anton and Rüdiger a vampire boy. The basic idea dates back to 1976 when Sommer-Bodenburg wrote short stories about the adventures of the little vampire and a human boy finally collecting them and forming the series' plot from them.
 The Horror from the Hills is a horror novel by author Frank Belknap Long. It was published by Arkham House in 1963 in an edition of 1997 copies. The novel is part of the Cthulhu Mythos.The novel was originally serialized in Weird Tales magazine. It appeared in the January and February–March 1931 issues. Long also incorporated a dream of H. P. Lovecraft into the novel using Lovecraft's description nearly verbatim and with his permission.
 Falling Up is a 1996 poetry collection for children by Shel Silverstein published by HarperCollins. It features illustrations drawn by the author for most of the 144 poems. Silverstein dedicated the book to his son Matthew. It is also the third and final poetry collection by Silverstein in his lifetime as he died 3 years after Falling Up was released.It was the recipient of the Booklist Editors' Award in 1996.
 The Crossing is a 1904 best-selling novel by American writer Winston Churchill. It was the best-selling novel in the United States in 1904 and includes illustrations by Sydney Adamson and Lilian Bayliss.
 Legacy of Ashes: The History of the CIA is a 2007 book by Tim Weiner. Legacy of Ashes is a detailed history of the Central Intelligence Agency from its creation after World War II through the Cold War years and the War on Terror to its near-collapse after 9/11.
 The Price published by Eclipse Comics is a Dreadstar graphic novel featuring Syzygy Darklock. It is the second part of the Metamorphosis Odyssey story arc begun in Epic Illustrated magazine and tells the story of the magician-priest Darklock and his rise to power within the Church of the Instrumentality.
 Le Calvaire (Calvary) is a novel written by the French journalist novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau and published by Ollendorff in 1886.
 Lancaster Farming is the leading regional farm newspaper for the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic United States. It has published weekly on Saturday since 1955. Paid circulation is about 57750. The newspaper shares offices and printing facilities with the Ephrata Review and The Lititz Record-Express at Lancaster County Weeklies Inc. in Ephrata Pennsylvania.
 The Secret of Annexe 3 is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the seventh novel in Inspector Morse series.The guests of Haworth Hotel rose late after New Year's Eve. But there was one exception the guest in Annexe 3 missed New Year's Day completely. He was still in his room lying dead on the blood-soaked bed. Inspector Morse began investigating each of the guests. Was Mrs.
 History of Shit (Histoire de la merde: Prologue) is a 1978 book by French psychoanalyst Dominique Laporte (1949–1984). It uses an idiosyncratic method of historical genealogy derived from among others Friedrich Nietzsche Sigmund Freud Georges Bataille and Michel Foucault to show how the development of sanitation techniques in Western Europe affected the formation of modern notions of individuality.
 Where the Streets Had a Name is a young adult novel by Randa Abdel-Fattah. It was published in April 2008 shortly after the death of the author's grandmother. It is the only book of Abdel-Fattah's to contain a dedication. It is as follows:To my Grandmother Sitti Jamilah who passed away on 24th April 2008 aged 98. I had hoped that you would live to see this book and that you would be allowed to touch the soil of your homeland again.
 A Gentleman of Leisure is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse. The basic plot first appeared in a novella The Gem Collector in the December 1909 issue of Ainslee's Magazine.It was substantially revised and expanded for publication as a book under the title The Intrusion of Jimmy by W.J. Watt and Co. New York on 11 May 1910.
 Fortress Besieged (Simplified Chinese: 围城; Traditional Chinese: 圍城; Pinyin: wéi chéng) was written by Qian Zhongshu published in 1947 and is widely considered one of the masterpieces of twentieth century Chinese literature. The novel is a humorous tale about middle-class Chinese society in the late 1930s. It was made into a popular television series in the early 1990s.
 Wadzeks Kampf mit der Dampfturbine (Wadzek's Struggle with the Steam Turbine) is a 1918 comic novel by the German author Alfred Döblin. Set in Berlin it narrates the futile and often delusional struggle of the eponymous industrialist Wadzek against Rommel his more powerful competitor.
 A Map of the World (1994) is a novel by Jane Hamilton. It was the Oprah's Book Club selection for December 1999. It was made into a movie released in 1999 starring Sigourney Weaver Julianne Moore David Strathairn Chloë Sevigny Louise Fletcher and Marc Donato with a soundtrack by Pat Metheny.
 Wizard's Holiday is the seventh book in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane. It is the sequel to A Wizard Alone.
 The Battle for Skies (Russian: Битва за небеса) is a novel by Russian author Maxim Kalashnikov first published in 2000 by the Great Resistance publisher. It is the second part of Kalashnikov's historical geopolitical and economical series of novels (the sequel to The Broken Sword of the Empire).The Battle for Skies is essentially the big missing part of The Broken Sword of the Empire -- what the author meant to write about the Cold War but didn't include into the first book.
 Lords of Chaos: The Bloody Rise of the Satanic Metal Underground is a book by Michael Moynihan and Didrik Søderlind. The book presents itself as a non-fiction account of the early Norwegian black metal scene with a focus on the string of church burnings and murders that occurred in the country around 1993. A film adaptation of the book is planned to be directed by Japanese director Sion Sono.
 Dainik Tribune (Hindi: दैनिक ट्रिब्यून) is an Indian Hindi-language daily newspaper published from Chandigarh New Delhi Jalandhar Dehradun and Bathinda. It was established in 1978 by The Tribune Trust which published the The Tribune English daily estb. 1881 simultaneously the Punjabi Tribune in Punjabi-language was also launched. Santosh Tewari is the editor of the Dainik Tribune. Raj Chengappa is the Editor-in-Chief of The Tribune Group of Newspapers.
 Batman: Nosferatu is a DC Comics comic book and a Batman Elseworlds publication. It is the middle of a trilogy based on German Expressionist Cinema. It was written by Jean-Marc Lofficier and Randy Lofficier and illustrated by Ted McKeever.The story of Batman: Nosferatu is patterned after the classic films The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari Metropolis and to a lesser extent Nosferatu.
 The Butter Battle Book is a rhyming story written by Dr. Seuss. It was published by Random House Books for Young Readers on January 12 1984. It is an anti-war story; specifically a parable about arms races in general mutually assured destruction and nuclear weapons in particular.
 Clinical Psychology Review is an academic journal that reviews the field of Clinical psychology. It is edited by Alan S. Bellack of the University of Maryland Clinical Psychology Program.
 Marooned on Eden (1993) is a science fiction novel by Robert L. Forward and Margaret Dodson Forward. It is part of the Rocheworld series about an expedition to explore planets found in orbit around Barnard's Star. It was written before Ocean Under the Ice but is after it in the continuity. This is the fourth book in the continuity.
 The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas (Portuguese: Memorias Posthumas de Braz Cubas modern spelling Memórias Póstumas de Brás Cubas) often subtitled as the Epitaph of a Small Winner is a novel by the Brazilian writer Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis.Published in 1881 the novel has a unique style of short erratic chapters shifting in tone and style.
 The Sporting Chronicle known colloquially as The Chron was a Manchester-based daily national horse racing newspaper which operated in Great Britain for 112 years until its closure in 1983 due to unsustainable losses (£5.8 million since 1975).
 Son-Rise: The Miracle Continues is a biographical book by Barry Neil Kaufman published in 1994. It was revived and expanded from the original book Son-Rise which spawned into the NBC television movie Son-Rise: A Miracle of Love securing the Humanitas Prize award in the 90-minute category.Kaufman tells of the excursion that he and his wife Samahria take to fully recover their eighteen-month-old son from severe autism and profound mental retardation.
 Intellectual Property Watch is a Geneva based publication reporting on policy issues and influences relating to international organizations (IOs) especially those in Geneva such as the World Intellectual Property Organization World Trade Organization World Health Organization and International Telecommunication Union.
 Taking Lives is a 1999 thriller novel by Michael Pye about an FBI profiler in search of a serial killer who assumes the identities of his victims. The novel was loosely adapted into a 2004 film of the same title starring Angelina Jolie and Ethan Hawke.
 The Monitor (also briefly known as the West End Chronicle) is an English-language online newspaper based in Montreal Quebec Canada.Formerly a weekly newspaper serving the West End Montreal communities of Notre-Dame-de-Grâce Hampstead Côte Saint-Luc and Montreal West it published its final print edition on Thursday February 5 2009. Launched in 1926 the paper was bought by Transcontinental in 1996.
 Story of a Girl is a young-adult novel by Sara Zarr. It was released in 2007.
 The Essential Gandhi: An Anthology of His Writings on His Life Work and Ideas is a collection of Gandhi's writings edited by Louis Fischer. The book outlines how Gandhi became the Mahatma and introduces Gandhi's opinions on various subjects. It is split into two parts: The Man and The Mahatma.
 Clinical Lung Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal that has been published by Elsevier since 2011. It was established by the CIG Media Group in 1999.
 Douglas Adams's Guide to The Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a BBC Radio production sold as an audio book on two cassette tapes. The programme was first broadcast in 1998 marking the 20th anniversary of the first radio programme in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series.
 Emu subtitled Austral Ornithology is the peer-reviewed scientific journal of the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union. The journal was established in 1901 and is the oldest ornithological journal published in Australia. The current editor-in-chief is Kate Buchanan (Deakin University). The journal is published quarterly for the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union in print and online by CSIRO Publishing.
 The Ballard News-Tribune is a weekly newspaper serving the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle Washington. It was founded in 1891 and has a circulation of 9500. It is one of the Robinson Newspapers a group of newspapers in the Seattle-Tacoma area which includes the West Seattle Herald White Center News Highline Times Des Moines News SeaTac News and Federal Way News.
 Molecular Brain Research was a peer-reviewed scientific journal of molecular neuroscience. It was established in 1989 and was merged with Brain Research in 2006.
 The Medici Seal is a young adult novel written by Theresa Breslin published in 2006. Set among the cultural life and political intrigues of Renaissance Italy it is the story of a boy who initially calls himself Matteo and his master Leonardo da Vinci.It was shortlisted for the 2007 Booktrust Teenage Prize and longlisted for the 2007 Carnegie Medal.
 The Globe is Point Park University's independent student-produced newspaper.
 Commentary on the New Testament Use of the Old Testament was edited by G. K. Beale and D. A. Carson and published by Baker Books in 2007. It is a comprehensive Bible commentary on Old Testament references within the New Testament. The editors headed a team of noted scholars to identify explain and comment on both the direct quotations within the text of the New Testament and its many other probable allusions to the Old.
 One World: A Global Anthology of Short Stories is a collection of short stories published in 2009 by New Internationalist. Edited by Chris Brazier the book contains 23 short stories by 23 different authors who represent 14 different countries and five continents.
 The Defence of the Realm: The Authorized History of MI5 published in the United States as Defend the Realm is an authorised history of the British Security Service (MI5) written by historian Christopher Andrew. Andrew was commissioned in December 2002 to write the history for MI5's 100th anniversary in 2009 and was given virtually unrestricted access to much of MI5's files as well as no restriction on whatever conclusions he decided to draw from them.
 Sounds of Love (ラヴァーズ・コンチェルト ～旋律の魔術師～ lit. Lover's Concerto: Melody of Magic) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Rin Tanaka. It was published by Ohzora Publishing in Japan in December 2007 and released by Aurora Publishing in English in November 2008.
 Year of the Griffin later The Year of the Griffin in the U.K. is a fantasy novel by the British author Diana Wynne Jones published 2000 simultaneously in the U.K. and the U.S. It is the sequel to The Dark Lord of Derkholm set primarily at the University several years after that novel's radical conclusion.Year is centred on six first-year students of magic in relation to the administration and teachers their families and studies and each other.
 The Terminators by Donald Hamilton is a spy novel first published in April 1975. It was the sixteenth episode in the Matt Helm series and was the first of the Helm books to portray him on its cover as a long-haired side-burned citizen of the 1970s. This image was subsequently used for reprinted editions of a number of the earlier stories.
 24 sata (24 hours) is a free morning daily newspaper published in Belgrade by the Ringier group since October 2006. It has circulation figures of around 150000. On 01/04/2011. was published 1167th issue of the newspaper 24 sata. This newspaper has sections rubrics about: Belgrade Actual news Worldwide news Advertisements (actions) Economy Sport and Shopping.
 Blood Canticle (2003) is a novel by Anne Rice in which she combines the new characters from her novel Blackwood Farm with those from her previous novels in The Vampire Chronicles and The Lives of the Mayfair Witches trilogy. Rice originally stated the novel was meant to conclude the series. However in 2014 Rice herself revealed that an eleventh novel will be published in late-2014 and that it will be a sequel to the first five books.
 Philoctetes (Ancient Greek: Φιλοκτήτης Philoktētēs; English pronunciation: /ˌfɪləkˈtiːtiːz/ stressed on the third syllable -tet-) is a play by Sophocles (Aeschylus and Euripides also each wrote a Philoctetes but theirs have not survived). The play was written during the Peloponnesian War. It was first performed at the Festival of Dionysus in 409 BC where it won first prize.
 Bookless in Baghdad is a 2005 book by author Shashi Tharoor that consists of a collection of previously published articles book reviews and columns on writers books and literary musings. In the title story Bookless in Baghdad Tharoor writes about his experience when he visits Baghdad on a UN initiative soon after the Gulf War.
 The Luxe is a young adult novel by author Anna Godbersen. It follows the lives of Manhattan's upper class in 1899. The introduction centers around two sisters one of whom is said to have died after being thrown from her friend's carriage into the Hudson. It was published in 2007. There are four books in the Luxe series including Luxe Rumors Envy and Splendor.
 Mistress of Mistresses is the first novel in the Zimiamvian Trilogy by Eric Rücker Eddison. First published in 1935 it centers on political intrigues between the nobles and rulers of the Three Kingdoms of Rerek Meszria and Fingiswold following the death of King Mezentius an extraordinary ruler who has held sway over three kingdoms mainly through force of character. Dissolution of the realm seems certain as alliances are formed and begin to intrigue against each other.
 Lament of the Lamb (羊の歌、ひつじのうた Hitsuji no Uta) (alternatively titled The Lament of a Lamb or Sheep's Song) is a horror manga by Kei Toume about Kazuna a boy with a mysterious illness which turns out to be vampirism. Hitsuji no Uta literally means Song of the Sheep. It was adapted into a live action film in 2002 directed by Junji Hanado and an anime OVA series in 2003-2004. There was also a 6-part live TV miniseries and a radio drama.The manga was licensed in Russia by Comics Factory.
 The Four-Dimensional Nightmare is a collection of science fiction short stories by J. G. Ballard published in 1963 by Victor Gollancz.
 An Australian Grammar comprehending the principles and natural rules of the language as spoken by the aborigines in the vicinity of Hunter's River Lake Macquarie &c.
 The Diana Chronicles is a 2007 book by Tina Brown on the life and death of Diana Princess of Wales. It was released on 12 June 2007. The work's timing coincided with the increased attention Diana received leading up to the tenth anniversary of her death. The author writes in a preface: The biography was based on over 250 interviews with men and women - members of Diana's intimate circle associates in her public life and partners in her philanthropy.
 Industrial Gothic is a five-issue comic book limited series written and illustrated by Ted McKeever. It was published in 1995 by Vertigo edited by Lou Stathis.
 Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System—and Themselves also known as Too Big to Fail: Inside the Battle to Save Wall Street is a non-fiction book by Andrew Ross Sorkin chronicling the events of the 2008 financial crisis and the collapse of Lehman Brothers from the point of view of Wall Street CEOs and US government regulators.
 The Scoop & Behind The Screen are both collaborative detective serials written by members of the Detection Club which were broadcast weekly by their authors on the BBC National Programme in 1930 and 1931 with the scripts then being published in The Listener within a week after broadcast. The two serials were first published in book form in the UK by Victor Gollancz Ltd in 1983 and in the US by Harper & Row in 1984.
 Curious George Takes a Job is a children's book written and illustrated by Margaret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1947. It is the second of the Curious George books and tells the story of George taking a job as a window washer.
 Programming Perl best known as the Camel Book among programmers is a book about writing programs using the Perl programming language revised as several editions (1991-2012) to reflect major language changes since Perl version 4. Editions have been co-written by the creator of Perl Larry Wall along with Randal L. Schwartz then Tom Christiansen and then Jon Orwant. Published by O'Reilly Media the book is considered the canonical reference work for Perl programmers.
 The European Journal of Anaesthesiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published on behalf of the European Society of Anaesthesiology that focuses on research related to anaesthesiology. It was established in 1984 and initially published by Blackwell Science and then from 2005 until 2008 by Cambridge University Press.
 Ascending is a science fiction novel by the Canadian writer James Alan Gardner published in 2001 by HarperCollins Publishers under its various imprints. It is the fifth novel in Gardner's League of Peoples series. It is a direct sequel to the first novel in the series Expendable in that it picks up the dual story of Festina Ramos Explorer turned admiral and the transparent glass woman Oar where the earlier novel left off.
 Far-Seer is a novel written by Canadian science fiction author Robert J. Sawyer. It is the first book of the Quintaglio Ascension Trilogy and is followed by two sequels: Fossil Hunter and Foreigner. The book depicts an Earth-like world on a moon which orbits a gas giant inhabited by a species of highly evolved sentient Tyrannosaurs called Quintaglios among various other creatures from the late cretaceous period imported to this moon by aliens 65 million years prior to the story.
 Hitler's Thirty Days to Power is a 1996 history book by historian and Yale professor Henry Ashby Turner.
 Black August is an adventure novel by the British writer Dennis Wheatley. First published in 1934 it is set a few years into the future when an economic and political crisis causes a collapse of civilization. It features the character Gregory Sallust who appeared in several of Dennis Wheatley's novels.
 Primates is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal of primatology. It publishes original papers that cover all aspects of the study of primates. The journal publishes original research articles reviews short communications book reviews and notes. It was established in 1957. Although the first volume contained only articles written in Japanese subsequent volumes were published in English thanks to a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation.
 Families Systems and Health is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Collaborative Family Healthcare Association. It was established in 1983 and covers research in the areas of families and health especially collaborative family healthcare. The current editors-in-chief are Colleen Fogarty (University of Rochester Medical Center) and Larry Mauksch (Collaborative Family Healthcare Association).
 The Salesian Bulletin is an official publication of the Salesians that was founded in August 1877 by Don Bosco. It has been published without interruption since then. The proliferation of the educational works of Don Bosco in the five continents is the first responsible of the survival of the Salesian Bulletin. As for 2010 the Bulletin was published in 56 different editions and 29 languages for 135 countries.
 David O. McKay and the Rise of Modern Mormonism is the first book to draw upon the David O. McKay Papers at the J. Willard Marriott Library University of Utah in addition to some two hundred interviews conducted by the authors Gregory Prince and William Robert Wright.
 Railways Illustrated is a British monthly railway magazine that is published by Key Publishing. Inside there is detail of news stock changes tours and more. It is aimed at railway enthusiasts.The magazine was launched in 2003 replacing Railway World another Ian Allan magazine which had recently ceased publication. In February 2012 all Ian Allan transport magazines were sold to Key Publishing of Stamford Lincolnshire.
 For Want of a Nail: If Burgoyne Had Won at Saratoga is an alternate history novel published in 1973 by the American business historian Robert Sobel. The novel depicts an alternate world where the American Revolution was unsuccessful. Although it is fiction the novel takes the form of a work of nonfiction specifically an undergraduate-level history of North America from 1763 to 1971.
 The Vindicator also known at times as the Youngstown Vindicator is a daily newspaper serving Youngstown Ohio United States and the Mahoning County region as well as southern Trumbull County and northern Columbiana County. The Vindicator was established in 1869.
 The Betrothed (orig. Italian: I promessi sposi) is an Italian historical novel by Alessandro Manzoni first published in 1827 in three volumes. It has been called the most famous and widely read novel of the Italian language.Set in northern Italy in 1628 during the oppressive years under Spanish rule it is sometimes seen as a veiled attack on Austria which controlled the region at the time the novel was written. (The definitive version was published in 1842).
 Automatic Kafka is a nine-issue comic book limited series written by Joe Casey with art by Ashley Wood. It was published in 2002 by DC Comics' Wildstorm imprint.The series followed the life of Automatic Kafka an android who had been a member of a mass-marketed superhero group called the $tranger$ during the 1980s. After the team breaks up Kafka is lost looking for a new direction in life. The comic follows Kafka as he tries different ways of becoming human: drugs sex and fame among them.
 Shivers was a UK-based magazine that began publication in 1992. It was dedicated to horror movies television shows and literature.
 Medical Law International is a peer-reviewed law review that covers issues in medical law bioethics and health governance. It was established in 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications. The editors-in-chief are Shawn Harmon (Edinburgh Law School) and Paula Case (Liverpool Law School). The journal was established by Dianne Longley and Vivienne Harpwood and was edited by Shaun Pattinson from 2005 to 2011.
 Newman Studies Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that examines the intellectual legacy of Cardinal John Henry Newman from a Catholic perspective. Since 2004 the Newman Studies Journal has published over 250 articles reviews and bibliographic overviews of secondary work on Newman. It is published twice a year by the National Institute of Newman Studies in affiliation with Duquesne University in Pittsburgh. The journal is edited by John T. Ford of the Catholic University of America.
 The Boston Weekly Advertiser (1757-1775) also called The Boston Post-Boy & Advertiser was a weekly newspaper published in Boston Massachusetts by John Green (1727-1787) and Joseph Russell (1734-1795)The paper loyally sustained the British Government during the American Revolution.Nathaniel Mills and John Hicks published the paper in its final years 1773-1775.
 Archie Giant Series was a comic book title published by Archie Comics from 1954 to 1992. The book featured an ever revolving subtitle. It began in 1954 as Archie's Christmas Stocking and continued with this title for six issues. Although the Christmas Stocking title appeared again in later issues the book began to feature a number of different titles each with the cover heading Archie Giant Series.
 Deepika a Malayalam language newspaper is one of the oldest newspapers published in India. Started in 1887 it is the oldest Malayalam newspaper now in circulation. Deepika publishes editions from Kottayam Kochi Kannur Thrissur Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode. It was controlled by the Syro Malabar Church of Kerala from its inception till 1989. In August 1989 the Deepika and its sister publications came under the ownership of Rashtra Deepika Ltd. a public limited company.
 Lakbima News is a weekly English-language newspaper in Sri Lanka. It is published on every Sunday by Sumathi Newspapers (Pvt) Ltd. A sister newspaper of Lakbima  Lakbima News was established in 2007.
 Hejji was a short-lived 1935 comic strip an early work and the only comic strip by prominent children's author Dr. Seuss (pseudonym of Theodor Geisel). Hejji was produced by Geisel during the Great Depression two years before the publication of his first book. Distributed by William Randolph Hearst's King Features Syndicate Hejji began publication on April 7 1935 as a Sunday strip.
 Manga Home (まんがホーム Manga Hōmu) is a Japanese monthly yonkoma manga magazine published by Hōbunsha since December 1987. The magazine is released monthly on the 2nd. Manga Home is printed as B5 size.
 I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X is the second book in the children's science fiction series Rod Allbright's Alien Adventures. The series was written by Bruce Coville. I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X was first published in 1994.
 Kanon (カノン) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Key released on June 4 1999 for Windows PCs. Key later released versions of Kanon without the erotic content and the game was ported to the Dreamcast PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. The story follows the life of Yuichi Aizawa a high school student who returns to a city he last visited seven years prior and he has little recollection of the events from back then. He meets several girls and slowly regains his lost memories.
 The Barsac Mission (French: L'Étonnante Aventure de la Mission Barsac) is a novel attributed to Jules Verne and written (with inspiration from two unfinished Verne manuscripts) by his son Michel Verne. First serialized in 1914 it was published in book form by Hachette in 1919. An English adaptation by I. O. Evans was published in 1960 in two volumes Into the Niger Bend and The City in the Sahara.It includes a hidden city called in English Blackland in the Sahara Desert.
 Weg! (literal English translation: Away!; title of English-language version: Go!) is an Afrikaans language outdoor and travel magazine. It was first published in April 2004 and is owned by the Media24 division of Naspers.
 Mangalam Publications (India) Private Limited is a publishing company in Kottayam Kerala in India. It publishes daily newspaper and weekly magazines such as Mangalam Weekly Balamangalam Arogyamangalam Kanyaka and Cinema Mangalam in Malayalam language. They also publish some magazines in Kannada language. Printed from Kottayam Kochi Calicut Trivandrum Idukki Kannur and Trichur Mangalam is the sixth most circulated Malayalam daily.</small>
 The World as Will and Representation (German: Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung) is the central work of the German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer. The first edition was published in December 1818 and the second expanded edition in 1844. In 1948 an abridged version was edited by Thomas Mann.
 Swimming Home is a novel by British writer Deborah Levy published on 10 September 2012. The short novel deals with the experiences of poet Joe Jacobs when his family vacation is interrupted by a fanatic reader.Critical reception for the novel was generally favourable. On July 25 of 2012 the book was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize and on September 11 of that same year it was shortlisted. It was shortlisted for the Jewish Quarterly-Wingate Prize (2013).
 The Journal of Carcinogenesis is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Mdknow Publications on behalf of the Carcinogenesis Press. The journal covers research in oncology.
 The Bucket Rider (Der Kübelreiter) is a story fragment by Franz Kafka written in 1921. It first appeared in the Prager Presse that year. It was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin 1931). The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections (New York: Schocken Books 1946).The story is about a man looking for coal to fill his bucket.
 Current Approaches in Psychiatry (Turkish: Psikiyatride Güncel Yaklaşımla) is a quarterly online peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles on all aspects of psychiatry and related sciences (i.e. behavioral sciences psychology psychopharmacology neuropsychiatry neurosciences psychiatric nursing). Articles are in Turkish or English.
 Diary of a Bad Year is a book by South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee. It was released by Text Publishing in Australia on 3 September 2007 in the United Kingdom by Harvill Secker (an imprint of Random House) on 6 September and in the United States on 27 December.
 The Times-Reporter is an American daily newspaper published seven mornings a week in New Philadelphia Ohio. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The newspaper was created in 1968 through the merger of The Daily Times of New Philadelphia and The Daily Reporter of Dover Ohio.
 The Journal of the Chinese Language Teachers Association or Zhongwen jiaoshi xuehui xuebao (中文教師學會學報) is an academic journal in the field of language education focusing upon aspects of Chinese as a foreign language Chinese linguistics and Chinese literature. It was established in 1966 and is published three times a year by Chinese Language Teachers Association. The current editor in chief is Zheng-sheng Zhang (San Diego State University).
 Desabhimani is a Malayalam newspaper and the organ of the Kerala State Committee of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). Started as a weekly in Kozhikode on September 6 1942 and converted to a daily in 1946. Deshabhimani now has nine different printing centres: Kozhikode Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Kannur Kottayam Trichur Malappuram Banglore and Bahrin. According to the National Readership Survey of 1995 Desabhimani was the third largest newspaper in Kerala. At present V. V.
 The Star is a daily newspaper based in Nairobi Kenya. Launched in July 2007 as the Nairobi Star it rebranded as The Star in 2009.The Star's circulation was around 15-20000 in 2010 (against total Kenyan newspaper circulation in 2010 of around 320000) compared to 5-8000 in 2007. The paper first made a profit in September 2009.
 The Journal of General Virology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research into viruses affecting animals plants insects bacteria and fungi including their molecular biology immunology and interactions with the host. Antiviral compounds are also covered. Established in 1967 it is published monthly by the Society for General Microbiology. The editor-in-chief is S. Efstathiou (University of Cambridge).
 NUVO is an alternative weekly newspaper and news website serving the Indianapolis Indiana metropolitan area. Locally owned and operated it features news music film and theater reviews and also has sections for classifieds and other advertisements.
 The Evil Clergyman is an excerpt from a letter written by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft in 1933. After his death it was published in the April 1939 issue of Weird Tales as a short story.The letter to his friend Bernard Austin Dwyer recounted a dream that Lovecraft had had. Although Lovecraft frequently based stories on his dreams An H. P.
 The Daily Review Atlas is an American daily newspaper published in Monmouth Illinois. It is owned by GateHouse Media.It was formed in 1924 through the merger of The Monmouth Daily Atlas (founded c. 1904) and The Monmouth Daily Review (began daily publication in 1890). In 1987 the paper was acquired by Hollinger.
 ARCHITECTURE_MEDIA_POLITICS_SOCIETY (Architecture_MPS or simply AMPS) is an academic forum and associated open access online journal. It was launched in 2012. It is dedicated primarily to the study of architecture but examines it in the context of what it refers to as the mediated environment of contemporary culture.It was set up after a research bid to the Arts and Humanities Research Council AHRC for the project it currently hosts; Architecture as Political Image.
 Belinda aka Belinda Blue-Eyes was a newspaper comic strip created in 1936 by the cartoonist Steve Dowling (1904-1986) and scripted by Bill Connor. It was published in the UK newspaper Daily Mirror. In The Penguin Book of Comics George Perry and Alan Aldridge wrote Belinda Blue Eyes was a perpetual waif a British counterpart to the transatlantic Little Orphan Annie. Over the years she grew slowly.
 Minami-ke (みなみけ lit. The Minami Family) is a Japanese manga series by Koharu Sakuraba who also authored Kyō no Go no Ni. It was first serialized in the weekly Japanese manga magazine Young Magazine in 2004. The slice of life comedy focuses on the everyday life of three sisters: Haruka Kana and Chiaki Minami. An anime series produced by Daume aired in 2007.
 Father's Kill is a 2009 fantasy short story by Christopher Green.
 Terra Nostra is a 1975 novel by the Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes. The narrative covers 20 centuries of European and American culture and prominently features the construction of El Escorial by Philip II. The title is Latin for Our earth. The novel received the Xavier Villaurrutia Award in 1976 and the Rómulo Gallegos Prize in 1977.
 The Leopard (Italian: Il Gattopardo) is a novel by Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa that chronicles the changes in Sicilian life and society during the Risorgimento. Published posthumously in 1958 by Feltrinelli after two rejections by the leading Italian publishing houses Mondadori and Einaudi it became the top-selling novel in Italian history and is considered one of the most important novels in modern Italian literature.
 (Documents Relating to) The Sentimental Agents in the Volyen Empire is a 1983 science fiction novel by Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Doris Lessing. It is the fifth book in her five-book Canopus in Argos series and comprises a set of documents that describe the final days of the Volyen Empire located at the edge of our galaxy and under the influence of three other galactic empires the benevolent Canopus the tyrannical Sirius and the malicious Shammat of Puttiora.
 The Israel Medical Association Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Israel Medical Association. It was established in 1999 replacing the Israel Journal of Medical Sciences. The editor-in-chief is Yehuda Shoenfeld.
 Black Garden: Armenia and Azerbaijan Through Peace and War is one of the major works of Thomas de Waal. The book based on study of Armenia and Azerbaijan two former Soviet republics during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
 Space Viking is a science fiction novel written by H. Beam Piper and is set in his Terro-Human future history. It tells the story of one man's search for his wife's murderer and its unexpected consequences. The story was originally serialized in Analog magazine (November 1962 – February 1963) then published by Ace Books in 1963.
 Among the Brave is a 2004 book by Margaret Peterson Haddix about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation. It is the fifth of seven novels in the Shadow Children series.
 The Lamp of God is a novella that was written in 1935 by Ellery Queen. It was originally published in Detective Story Magazine in 1935 and first published in book form as part of The New Adventures of Ellery Queen in 1940. It is included here separately because of its stand-alone publication as #23 in the Dell Ten-Cent Editions in 1951.
 Cheerful Weather for the Wedding (1932) is a novella by Julia Strachey. Published by the Hogarth Press in 1932 it tells the story of a brisk March day in England somewhere on the Dorset coast during which Dolly is due to marry the Honourable Owen Bigham.
 Photographos (Greek: Φωτογράφος meaning photographer) is a Greek photography and imaging magazine published monthly by Press Photo Publications and distributed with the Greek newspaper Kathimerini and autonomously the penultimate Saturday of each month. The magazine provides articles on equipment reviews photographic and editing techniques photographic history and profiles of professional photographers.
 Gregor the Overlander is an epic fantasy/high fantasy novel and the first book of the critically acclaimed Underland Chronicles by Suzanne Collins. It was published in 2003 and met with critical acclaim including Kirkus Reviews Editors' Choice and New York Public Library's 100 Books for Reading and Sharing selection. It was featured by National Public Radio in the USA in 2005. It was Nominated for a Nutmeg Children's Book Award in 2006 in the intermediate category and came in third place.
 Meatpaper was an American magazine devoted to meat. The publication covered the ethics aesthetics and cultural significance of meat and is more akin to an art journal than a usual food and drink magazine.
 Epistemologia is an academic journal of philosophy. The journal is focused on analytical philosophy publishing articles that deal with philosophy of science epistemology logic philosophy of language philosophy of mind. It publishes articles in English and Italian.
 AStA Advances in Statistical Analysis is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media and the German Statistical Society. It was established in 2007 and covers statistical theory methods methodological developments as well as probability and mathematics applications. Coverage is organized into three broad areas: statistical applications statistical methodology and review articles. The editor in chiefs are Göran Kauermann and Stefan Lang.
 Tamayura (たまゆら) is a Japanese anime series written and directed by Junichi Sato. The initial four-episode original video animation (OVA) series was produced by Hal Film Maker and released over two Blu-ray Disc and DVD volumes in November and December 2010. A 12-episode anime TV series produced by TYO Animations titled Tamayura: Hitotose aired in Japan between October and December 2011. A second TV anime season Tamayura: More Aggressive aired between July and September 2013.
 Besa was a newspaper published in Albania. The publisher was Abdurraman Dibra (1885-?) was an Albanian politician. He was born in Debar in modern day Macedonia to a noble family the son of one of the wealthiest landowning families of the then - Albania. He served under various ministries of the Albanian government including Minister of Finance. In the early 1910s as an Ottoman governor of the area of Neveska (modern Nymphaio).
 Created by Rick Sternbach these are large fold-up blueprints of the interior of the USS Enterprise-D. They catalog every deck of the ship uncluding exterior views and a side-view cutaway. They come in a box set with a booklet that talks about the blueprints.
 The Insult is a novel by Rupert Thomson. The novel describes the life of Martin Blom who is shot while walking to his car and consequently goes blind. While being treated in a clinic he seemingly regains his vision but only at night. While his doctors assure him he has Anton's syndrome he believes adamantly in his ability to see even going so far as to disguise it from others who think him still blind.
 War Game is a 1959 short story written by Philip K. Dick. It was first published in the magazine Galaxy Science Fiction in 1959 and has since been re-published in two anthologies and at least twenty-four collections.
 Field Artillery (or FA) is a discontinued bimonthly magazine on the subject of field artillery published from 1911 to 2007. It was published by the US Field Artillery Association Fort Sill Oklahoma and was an official publication of the United States Army Field Artillery Corps. Its intended readership included active and reserve U.S. Army and Marine field artillerymen stationed around the world.
 The Journal of Transcultural Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering transcultural nursing. The editor-in-chief is Norma Graciela Cuellar. The journal is the official publication of the Transcultural Nursing Society. It was established in 1989 and is published by Sage Publications.
 El Día (The Day) is a Spanish newspaper published in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Canary Islands Spain) founded in 1939 under the name of La Prensa. According to El Estudio General de Medios the newspaper is on average more daily readers of the Canary Islands.
 Tuxedo Gin (タキシード銀 Takishiido Gin) is a romantic comedy manga series by Tokihiko Matsuura. It was published by Shogakukan in Shōnen Sunday from 1997 to 2000 and collected in 15 bound volumes. It is published North America in English by Viz Communications. The series is about a teenaged boxer named Ginji Kusanagi who is reincarnated as a penguin in order to be close to the girl he likes.
 Little Bear Bongo is a children's story written by Sinclair Lewis. The story was first published in the September 1930 issue of Cosmopolitan magazine with illustrations by José Segrelles.
 The European Journal of Information Systems is an interdisciplinary scientific journal which wants to offer a distinctive European perspective on the theory and practice of information systems.The journal was established in 1991 and is an official journal of The Operational Research Society.
 Controlled Environments Magazine is a business-to-business magazine that provides information on contamination control detection and prevention. The magazine is available in both print and online formats and provides information on trends technology and applications for professionals working in cleanrooms and similar environments.
 Night of the Aurochs is an unfinished novel by Dalton Trumbo (died 1976) published posthumously in 1979.
 People's Songs was an organization founded by Pete Seeger Alan Lomax Lee Hays and others on December 31 1945 in New York City to create promote and distribute songs of labor and the American people. The organization published a quarterly Bulletin from 1946 through 1950 featuring stories songs and writings of People's singers members. People's Songs Bulletin served as a template for folk music magazines to come like Sing Out! and Broadside.
 The Williamsport Sun-Gazette newspaper's history. The newspaper now known as the Williamsport Sun-Gazette was founded in 1801 as The Lycoming Gazette. At the time of the newspaper's conception there were only 131 residents in the town of Williamsport Pennsylvania. The newspaper was started in a building in what is now the vicinity of Penn Street and Washington Blvd. The Gazette name has been on the nameplate and masthead of a newspaper in Williamsport continuously since that time.
 The Astrophysical Journal often abbreviated ApJ (pronounced ap jay) in references and speech is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of astrophysics established in 1895 by American astronomers George Ellery Hale and James Edward Keeler. As of 2013 it published three 900-page issues per month. Since 1953 The Astrophysical Journal Supplement Series (ApJS) has been published in conjunction with The Astrophysical Journal with generally longer articles to supplement the material in the journal.
 Biomicrofluidics is a bimonthly online-only peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of research on fundamental physicochemical mechanisms associated with microfluidic nanofluidic and molecular/cellular biophysical phenomena in addition to novel microfluidic and nanofluidic techniques for diagnostic medical biological pharmaceutical environmental and chemical applications. The editors-in-chief are Hsueh-Chia Chang (University of Notre Dame) and Leslie Y.
 The Design Inference: Eliminating Chance through Small Probabilities (1998) is a book by American philosopher and mathematician William A. Dembski a proponent of intelligent design which sets out to establish approaches by which evidence of intelligent agency could be inferred in natural and social situations. In the book he distinguishes between 3 general modes of competing explanations in order of priority: regularity chance and design.
 The IZA Journal of Migration is an open access peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of human migration especially from an economical point of view. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Institute for the Study of Labor. The editors-in-chief are Amelie F. Constant (George Washington University) and Denis Fougère (CNRS Paris). The journal was established in 2012 and is abstracted and indexed in EconLit and RePEc.
 The Face is a novel by Dean Koontz published in 2003 by Bantam Books.
 Electronic Journal of Human Sexuality is a scholarly journal that publishes articles dissertations theses posters and other academic materials about all aspects of human sexuality . It is published by the Institute for Advanced Study of Human Sexuality San Francisco. The Senior Editor of the journal is Peter B. Anderson.
 Rugby League Week (frequently abbreviated to RLW) is the highest selling Australian rugby league magazine ahead of major competitor Big League. It is published weekly (on Wednesdays) during the Australian rugby league season which runs from March to late September (roughly corresponding to the southern hemisphere autumn and winter) and has been published continuously since 1970.
 A Caribbean Mystery is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 16 November 1964 and in the United States by Dodd Mead and Company the following year. The UK edition retailed at sixteen shillings (16/-) and the US edition at $4.50. It features the detective Miss Marple.
 The End: Hitler's Germany 1944–45 by Sir Ian Kershaw is a historical narrative charting the course of World War II between the period of the failed 20 July plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler in July 1944 by Claus von Stauffenberg until late May 1945 when the last of the Nazi regime's leaders were arrested and the government dissolved.
 Driven to Distraction is a non-fiction book first published in 2009 written by British journalist and television presenter Jeremy Clarkson. The book is a collection of Clarkson's articles for the Sunday Times newspaper all originally published in 2006 and 2007. The articles consist of car reviews combined with comment on current affairs.
 Crime and Justice is an annual series of peer-reviewed commissioned essays on crime-related research subjects published by The University of Chicago Press. The journal was established in 1979. According to its self-description it explores a full range of issues concerning crime its causes and its cure offering an interdisciplinary approach to address core issues in criminology with perspectives from biology law psychology ethics history and sociology.
 The Fallon Blood is a novel written by fantasy author James Oliver Rigney Jr. (more commonly known as Robert Jordan) under the name Reagan O'Neal. It is typical of the genre historical romance. It is the first book in the Michael Fallon trilogy. The more common 1995 printing is a new reprint released by Tor Books under the Forge imprint in order to capitalize on the success of The Wheel of Time.
 The Psionics Handbook is a sourcebook for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game that contains a multitude of rules and options for integrating psychic powers (a.k.a. psionics) into the D&D game.
 Bloomability is a book written by Sharon Creech about Dinnie Doone a young girl who lives with her semi-nomadic family in the modern day United States of America. She is given the opportunity to attend a boarding school in Lugano Switzerland where the majority of the storyline takes place. This school is inspired by The American School In Switzerland where Creech taught English.The title Bloomability comes from Keisuke one of Dinnie's friends in the novel.
 Bec is a book by Darren Shan in The Demonata series. It is the fourth book of the series released but it is first chronologically. The protagonist of the book is the central character Bec. It is set in Ireland around 1600 years ago. The last line of the book Screams in the dark is also the first line of the book as well as the tagline for the novel. Bec is the end of the first part of the Demonata books where the three protagonists are introduced.
 The Suppliants (also known as The Suppliant Women Ancient Greek: Ἱκέτιδες Hiketides) first performed in 423 BC is an ancient Greek play by Euripides.
 The Maintenance of Headway is a novel by English author Magnus Mills published in 2009 by Bloomsbury.
 Beard's Roman Women is a 1976 novel by British novelist Anthony Burgess. Dated Montalbuccio-Monte Carlo-Eze-Callian Summer 1975 according to Burgess it was written in the back of his Bedford Dormobile and partly in the bedroom of a small hotel run by Swiss homosexuals (You've Had Your Time).The novel is set in Rome and is apparently based on Burgess's experience of being widowed in the mid-1960s.Photographs in the original edition were by David Robinson.
 A Kentucky Cardinal is American writer James Lane Allen's third novel. It was in 1894 as the first of the A Kentucky Cardinal series.
 Sufferings in Africa is an 1817 memoir by James Riley. The memoir relates how Riley and his crew were captured in Africa after being shipwrecked in 1815. Riley was the Captain of the American merchant ship Commerce. He led his crew through the Sahara Desert after they were shipwrecked off the coast of Western Sahara in August 1815.
 A Memory of Two Mondays is a one-act play by Arthur Miller.Based on Miller's own experiences the play focuses on a group of desperate workers earning their livings in a Brooklyn automobile parts warehouse during the Great Depression in the 1930s a time of 25 percent unemployment in the United States.
 Midori Days (美鳥の日々 Midori no Hibi) is a shōnen fantasy manga by Kazurou Inoue. It was published by Shogakukan in the magazine Shōnen Sunday from September 2002 until November 2004 and collected in 8 tankōbon volumes. It is licensed in English in North America by VIZ Media and in Singapore by Chuang Yi.
 The Elegant Universe: Superstrings Hidden Dimensions and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory is a book by Brian Greene published in 1999 which introduces string and superstring theory and provides a comprehensive though non-technical assessment of the theory and some of its shortcomings. In 2000 it won the Royal Society Prize for Science Books and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize Nonfiction. A new edition was released in 2003 with an updated preface.
 The Best American Magazine Writing 2007 is a non-fiction book published by Columbia University Press and edited by the American Society of Magazine Editors. It features recognized high-quality journalism pieces from the previous year. The book includes an account by journalist William Langewiesche of Vanity Fair about a controversial United States military operation in Iraq an investigative journalism article for Rolling Stone by Janet Reitman a piece published in Esquire by C.J.
 The Star was Pakistan's most widely read English Language evening newspaper. It was founded in 1953 in Karachi Pakistan.The Star was published as part of the Dawn Group of Newspapers by Pakistan Herald Publications (Pvt.) Limited (PHPL). Although no longer in print the paper focused on controversial and current issues and gained a reputation for being outspoken and hard-hitting. The last editor of the paper was Kamal Majidulla.
 Deadfalls and Snares - A Book of Instruction for Trappers About These and Other Home-Made Traps by A. R. Harding.
 Old Bugs is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft probably written shortly before July 1919. It was first published in the Arkham House book The Shuttered Room and Other Pieces (1959).The piece was written after Lovecraft's friend Alfred Galpin's suggestion that he wanted to try alcohol before Prohibition went into effect.
 The Kin of Ata are Waiting for You (1976) is the second novel by Dorothy Bryant. It deals with the idea of how the negation of dreams as a guide to life affects the real world. Author Alice Walker has described it as one of my favorite books in all the world.The book has been cited in a number of academic articles and text-books in the fields of philosophy psychology and law.The book was first published as a novella by Evan Press in 1971 under the title The Comforter: A Mystical Fantasy.
 Yondemasuyo Azazel-san (よんでますよ、アザゼルさん。 lit. You're Being Summoned Azazel-san.) is a Japanese comedy manga written and illustrated by Yasuhisa Kubo. A 13-episode anime adaptation by Production I.G aired in Japan between April and July 2011. A second season aired during April 2013.
 Hard Times: An Oral History of the Great Depression (original: 1970/ latest edition: 2005) is a telling of the oral history of the Great Depression written by Studs Terkel. It is a firsthand account of people of varying socio-economic status who lived in the United States during the Great Depression.The first edition of the book was published in 1970. The 1986 print included a new introduction by Terkel. The latest edition was published in 2005.
 The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns is a fantasy book by Brian Jacques published in 2004. It was published the same year as the Redwall book (his more known fantasy series) Rakkety Tam. There are six tales in this book all of them like the tales in Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales by the same author.
 Vampirates: Blood Captain is a novel written by the British author Justin Somper. It is a follow up to Vampirates: Tide of Terror.
 The Fate of Liberty: Abraham Lincoln and Civil Liberties is a 1992 book by American historian Mark E. Neely Jr. published by Oxford University Press. The book examines President Abraham Lincoln's suspension of habeas corpus and other rights during the American Civil War.The book was awarded the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Haunted is a fantasy novel by written by Kelley Armstrong.
 Scarlett is a novel written in 1991 by Alexandra Ripley as a sequel to Margaret Mitchell's Gone with the Wind. The book debuted on The New York Times bestsellers list but both critics and fans of the original novel found Ripley's version to be inconsistent with the literary quality of Gone with the Wind.
 Ultraviolins is a collection of 14 short stories by Khavn first published by the University of the Philippines Press in 2008 and subsequently by the University of Hawaii Press in 2009. It is his first book of fiction.On the book cover National Artist for Literature Bienvenido Lumbera cautions you to Accept that the author in front of you is consciously being insane so you don't have to go looking for anything as boring as sanity.
 The Law of Ueki (うえきの法則 Ueki no Hōsoku) is a Japanese manga series by Tsubasa Fukuchi. It was first serialized in the manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Sunday in 2002 and ended in 2005. Sixteen tankōbon volumes was compiled and published by Shogakukan. An anime adaptation was first broadcast on TV Tokyo on April 4 2005 ended with 51 episodes on March 27 2006. It was produced by Studio Deen.
 The Continent of Circe (1965) is a book of essays written by Indian author Nirad C. Chaudhuri that was winner of the Duff Cooper Prize for 1966. In this book Chaudhuri discusses Indian society from a socio-psychological perspective commenting on Hindu society from Prehistory to modern times.
 Converting (ISSN-0746-7141) was a trade publication and Website owned by Reed Business Information serving the information needs of converters: industries that convert paper paperboard plastic film and foil materials into finished printed packaging such as bags pouches labels tags folding cartons and corrugated shipping cases. The editor-in-chief was Mark Spaulding; the editorial offices were located in Oak Brook Illinois USA.
 Experimental Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society. It was established in 1908 as The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Physiology and is now published monthly.
 For Fukui's Sake is a 2011 travel book by Sam Baldwin that describes the experiences of living in Ono Fukui prefecture Japan whilst working as an Assistant Language Teacher (ALT) on the JET Programme.
 Christ in Concrete is a 1939 novel by Pietro di Donato about Italian-American construction workers. The book which made di Donato famous was originally published by Esquire Magazine as a short story and was expanded into a novel by di Donato.The novel was inspired by the death of di Donato's father in a construction accident on Good Friday in 1923.
 The Indian Struggle 1920–1942 is a two-part book by the Indian nationalist leader Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose that covers the 1920–1942 history of the Indian independence movement to end British imperial rule over India. Banned in India by the British colonial government The Indian Struggle was published in the country only in 1948 after India became independent.
 Iisalmen serkku ja muita kertomuksia (Finnish: The Cousin from Iisalmi and Other Tales) is a collection of historical short novels Finnish author Kaari Utrio. This book includes novels Iisalmen serkku Luisa Agneta rakastuu Rakas Thea Ihana köyhyys Ruusukupit and Rautalilja (Finnish: Cousin from Iisalmi Luisa Agneta Falls in Love Dear Thea Lovely Poorness Rose Cups and Iron Lily.
 Aoki Densetsu Shoot! (蒼き伝説　シュート! lit. Blue Legend Shoot!) is a Japanese anime produced by Toei Animation between November 9 1990 and December 22 1991 on the Fuji TV television network; there were fifty-eight episodes. The story revolves around a boy named Toshihiko Tanaka who has just started at Kakegawa High School in order to play association football with his idol Yoshiharu Kubo.
 Divorce Busting:A Step-By-Step Approach to Making Your Marriage Loving Again is a self-help book of practical solutions for saving and restoring relationships written by Michele Weiner-Davis M.S.W.The book which became a bestseller was inspired after obtaining positive results in therapy with married couples.
 The McPherson Sentinel is an American daily newspaper published in McPherson Kansas.
 The Westminster Alice is the name of a collection of vignettes written by Hector Hugh Munro (Saki) in 1902 and published by the Westminster Gazette of London. It is a political parody of Lewis Carroll's two books Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. The book features 48 drawings after the originals by John Tenniel which were drawn by Francis Carruthers Gould. It is critical of the politics of the day of which Alice tries to make sense.
 Watch also called WWW: Watch is a 2010 novel written by Canadian novelist Robert J. Sawyer. It is the second installment in the WWW Trilogy and was preceded by Wake (2009) and followed by Wonder (2011).
 Crack Comics was an anthology comic book series published by Quality Comics during the Golden Age of Comic Books. It featured such characters as The Clock Black Condor Captain Triumph Alias the Spider Madame Fatal Jane Arden Molly the Model and Red Torpedo.
 The Divine Image is a poem by the English poet William Blake from his book Songs of Innocence (1789) not to be confused with A Divine Image from Songs of Experience (1794). It was later included in his joint collection Songs of Innocence and of Experience (1794). In this poem (see Wikisource below) Blake pictures his view of an ideal world in which the four traditionally Christian virtues–Mercy Pity Peace and Love–are found in the human's heart and stand for God's support and comfort.
 The Northern Echo is a regional daily morning newspaper based in the town of Darlington in North East England; serving County Durham and Teesside. The paper covers national as well as regional news. It is one of the most famous provincial newspapers in the United Kingdom. Its first edition was published on 1 January 1870.Its second editor was W. T.
 Orsinian Tales is a collection of eleven short stories by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin set in the imaginary country of Orsinia.
 Energy Matters was the title of a magazine published by students at the University of Cambridge between November 1980 and June 1984. Its objective outlined in the editorial to the first edition. was to provide facts details and opinions relating to energy in a way accessible to interested students.Energy Matters was notable in a number ways.
 Solea is the third (and final) novel of French author Jean-Claude Izzo's Marseilles Trilogy.
 First Love Limited (初恋限定. Hatsukoi Gentei.) also known as Hatsukoi Limited is a Japanese shōnen romantic comedy manga by Mizuki Kawashita. It was serialized by Shueisha in the manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from October 2007 to May 2008 and collected in four bound volumes. The series depicts vignettes in the love lives of eight girls in middle school and high school.A drama CD adaptation was released in February 2009 and a light novel in March 2009.
 Defending the Undefendable is a book by Walter Block originally published in 1976. Marcus Epstein describes the book as defending pimps drug dealers blackmailers corrupt policemen and loan sharks as 'economic heroes'. It has been translated into ten foreign languages.Cable news pundit John Stossel said of it Defending the Undefendable... opened my eyes to the beauties of libertarianism.
 Bowling Alone: The Collapse and Revival of American Community is a 2000 nonfiction book by Robert D. Putnam. It was developed from his 1995 essay entitled Bowling Alone: America's Declining Social Capital. Putnam surveys the decline of social capital in the United States since 1950. He has described the reduction in all the forms of in-person social intercourse upon which Americans used to found educate and enrich the fabric of their social lives.
 A Public Space is a nonprofit quarterly English-language literary magazine based in Brooklyn New York. First published in April 2006. A Public Space publishes fiction poetry essays and art. The magazine's Focus portfolios have examined the writing of a different country each issue covering the literature of Japan Russia and Peru in Issues 1-3.
 Ride the Storm will be the final book in the Moonlight Bay Trilogy to be written by American author Dean Koontz. The book is the third installment featuring Christopher Snow a young man who suffers from the rare (but real) disease called XP (xeroderma pigmentosum).
 Ultimate Elektra is a five-issue comic book limited series which serves as a follow-up to Ultimate Daredevil and Elektra. Both were published by Marvel Comics under the Ultimate Marvel imprint. Devil's Due is written by Mike Carey with pencils by Salvador Larroca.
 The Sandman: The Dream Hunters is a novella by English author Neil Gaiman illustrated by Yoshitaka Amano. The story is tangential to The Sandman comic book series and can be read without prior knowledge of the main sequence. It won the Bram Stoker Award for Best Illustrated Narrative. The story deals with a love affair between a Buddhist monk and a fox spirit or kitsune.Gaiman's afterword states that it was based on an old Japanese folk tale drawn from Y. T.
 Gaffers' Row is the debut novel by R T Hunt. The story centres around a coal-mining community in a fictional South Wales valley. Though the story setting and characters are fictional the story derives its themes from real life events of Hunt and the Ogmore Valley.The book was first published by Smart on 11 March 2008
 The 10000 Year Explosion: How Civilization Accelerated Human Evolution is a 2009 book by anthropologists Gregory Cochran and Henry Harpending. Starting with their own take on the conventional wisdom that the evolutionary process stopped when modern humans appeared the authors explain the genetic basis of their view that human evolution is accelerating illustrating it with some examples.
 Victory (also published as Victory: An Island Tale) is a psychological novel by Joseph Conrad first published in 1915 through which Conrad achieved popular success. The New York Times however called it an uneven book and more open to criticism than most of Mr.
 Aajkaal (pronounced: Bengali pronunciation: [aːdʒkaːl] and its evening edition Sandhya Aajkaal) is a Bengali newspapers in Kolkata India. Aajkaal is simultaneously published from Kolkata Siliguri and its Tripura edition is published from Agartala.
 The Hard Life: An Exegesis of Squalor is a comic novel by Flann O'Brien (pen name of Brian O'Nolan). Published in 1961 it was O'Brien's fourth novel and the third to be published. (He wrote The Third Policeman in 1939 but it was published only posthumously in 1967). Set in turn-of-the-century Dublin The Hard Life is a satirical Bildungsroman which deals the education and upbringing of the narrator Finbarr and his brother Manus.
 Run For Your Life (known in the USA as Soldier and Me) is a children's adventure novel by Lionel Davidson first published in 1966.
 The Indian Journal of Medical and Paediatric Oncology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Medical and Paediatric Oncology. The journal publishes articles on oncology pediatric oncology hemato-oncology and oncopathology.
 Black Kiss is a hardboiled erotic American comic book limited series written and drawn by Howard Chaykin which was originally published in 1988 by Vortex Comics.
 Secrets of the Baby Whisperer: How to Calm Connect and Communicate with Your Baby is a popular book by Tracy Hogg and Melinda Blau aimed at guiding new parents through their baby's first year.The main concept promoted by the author is to build a flexible routine for babies from a very early age of eating followed by activity followed by sleep.
 Plain Kate is a Fantasy novel by author Erin Bow published in 2010 by Arthur A. Levine Books an imprint of Scholastic. The story which draws from Russian folktales focuses on an orphan girl nicknamed Plain Kate who is blamed for witchcraft because of her ability to carve wood and who must deal with a real witch and sell her shadow in order to stay alive.
 Monthly Review established in 1949 is an independent socialist journal published monthly in New York City. As of 2013 the publication remains the longest continuously published socialist magazine in the United States of America.
 The Journal of Physiology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1878 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society. It covers research on all aspects of physiology with an emphasis on human and mammalian physiology including work at the molecular level at the level of the cell membrane single cells tissues or organs and systems physiology. The journal is produced both on paper and online.
 The Killer Inside Me is a 1952 novel by American writer Jim Thompson published by Fawcett Publications.In the introduction to the anthology Crime Novels: American Noir of the 1950s it is described as one of the most blistering and uncompromising crime novels ever written.
 The Endless Steppe (1968) is a book by Esther Hautzig describing her and her family's exile to Siberia during World War II.
 Don Dracula (ドン・ドラキュラ Don Dorakyura) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1979.
 Daniel is a novel by Swedish writer Henning Mankell first published in Swedish in 2000 under the title Vindens son (Son of the wind). The English translation by Steven T. Murray was published in September 2010.
 Objestnost is a novel by Slovenian author Jurij Hudolin. It was first published in 2005.
 Rivista di Filologia e di Istruzione Classica or Riv. Fil. is a peer reviewed Italian academic journal Published by Loescher editore of Turin. It presents articles and essays on Greek and Roman languages and literatures history philosophy religion art and society.
 The Daily Tar Heel (DTH) is the independent student newspaper of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. It was founded on February 23 1893 and became a daily newspaper in 1929. The paper places a focus on university news and sports but it also includes heavy coverage of Orange County and North Carolina. It is published five days a week during the school year and weekly during the university's two summer school sessions.
 The Spirit Level: Why More Equal Societies Almost Always Do Better is a book by Richard G. Wilkinson and Kate Pickett published in 2009 by Allen Lane. The book is published in the US by Bloomsbury Press (December 2009) with the new sub-title: Why Greater Equality Makes Societies Stronger.
 Romance of Darkness (水に棲む花 Mizu ni Sumu Hana) is a 5 volume shōjo manga series by Chie Shinohara. The story has been adapted into a live-action movie.
 The Budapest Business Journal or BBJ is an English-language biweekly magazine published in Hungary. It is the largest oldest and a leading publication in its category in the country.
 Nature Neuroscience is a monthly scientific journal published by Nature Publishing Group. Its focus is original research papers relating specifically to neuroscience and was established in May 1998. According to the Journal Citation Reports Nature Neuroscience had a 2012 impact factor of 15.251 ranking it 6th among 251 journals in the category Neuroscience.
 The Gooner is an Arsenal fanzine created by the Arsenal F.C. supporters. A new issue is released approximately every month. The fanzine celebrated its 200th edition in November 2009.The Gooner was first distributed in October of 1987 and was a black and white publication much like a small pamphlet and cost 25 pence.The 1990/91 season was the first to regularly sport full colour covers.
 Solip:System is a 1989 cyberpunk science fiction novelette by Walter Jon Williams.
 Invasion of the Sea (French: L'Invasion de la mer) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne. It was published in 1905 the last to be published in the author's lifetime and describes the exploits of Berber nomads and European travelers in Saharan Africa. The European characters arrive to study the feasibility of flooding a low-lying region of the Sahara desert to create an inland sea and open up the interior of Northern Africa to trade.
 High Rhulain is a children's fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 2005. It is the 18th book in the Redwall series.
 Main Currents of Marxism: Its Origins Growth and Dissolution (Polish: Główne nurty marksizmu. Powstanie rozwój rozkład) is a three volume work about Marxism by political philosopher Leszek Kołakowski. It was first published in Polish in Paris in 1976. The three volumes in English are: 1: The Founders II: The Golden Age and III: The Breakdown. The series was republished as a single volume in 2005.
 A Dirge is a poem composed by Percy Bysshe Shelley. It was published by his wife Mary Shelley in 1824.
 The Journal of Fixed Income is a quarterly academic journal that covers quantitative research on fixed income instruments: mortgage-backed securities high-yield debt municipal bonds corporate bonds asset-backed securities and global bonds. Its editor-in-chief is Stanley J. Kon (Smith Breeden Associates) and its founding editor was Douglas T. Breeden (Fuqua School of Business at Duke University). It is published by Euromoney Institutional Investor.
 Devil's Brood is a historical novel written by Sharon Kay Penman published in 2008 and is the third volume in her Plantagenet series preceded by When Christ and His Saints Slept and Time and Chance and followed by Lionheart (2011).The novel is about the last two decades in Henry II's life his imprisonment of his wife Eleanor of Aquitaine and his sons who undertake a decade-long rebellion against their father.
 The Death of Bunny Munro is the second novel written by Nick Cave best known as the lead singer of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. His first novel And the Ass Saw the Angel was published in 1989.The novel deals with Bunny Munro a middle aged lothario whose constant womanising and alcohol abuse comes to a head after the suicide of his wife.
 Nyarlathotep is a prose poem/short story by H. P. Lovecraft written in 1920 and first published in the November 1920 issue of The United Amateur. It is the first mention in fiction of the Cthulhu Mythos entity Nyarlathotep.
 Dangerous Angels is a young adult fiction series by Francesca Lia Block. It consists of seven novels: Weetzie Bat Witch Baby Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys Missing Angel Juan Baby Be-Bop Necklace of Kisses and Pink Smog: Becoming Weetzie Bat. The stories are about Weetzie Bat and her friends and family's lives in Los Angeles including witches genies and ghosts on their journeys to find acceptance love and a connection.
 Urdu News is the first daily Urdu newspaper published in Saudi Arabia and also in the Arab countries.
 Monthly Playboy (月刊プレイボーイ Gekkan Pureibōi) also known as Geppure (月プレ) or MPB was a franchise of Playboy magazine in Japan. Monthly Playboy ceased publication with the final January 2009 issue due to a decline in readership.Pop artist Keiichi Tanaami was the magazine's first art director.
 13 Bankers: The Wall Street Takeover and the Next Financial Meltdown is a 2010 book written by economist Simon Johnson and historian James Kwak. According to economist C. Fred Bergsten the book offers an analysis of the financial crisis of 2007–2009.
 In the Tall Grass is a novella written by Stephen King and his son Joe Hill. It was originally published in two parts in the June/July and August 2012 issues of Esquire magazine. This is King and Hill's second collaboration since Throttle published in 2009. On October 9 2012 In the Tall Grass was released in e-book and audiobook formats the latter read by Stephen Lang.
 The Sunset Limited is a play by American writer Cormac McCarthy. McCarthy's second published play it was first produced by the Steppenwolf Theatre in Chicago on May 18 2006 and it traveled to New York City later that same year. The play was published in a paperback edition about the same time that it opened in New York. Some consider it to be more a novel than a true play partly because its subtitle is A Novel in Dramatic Form.
 Savage Range (1938) is a Western novel written by Luke Short. The story is set in northern New Mexico probably in the 19th century. Jim Wade is hired by Max Bonsell to drive away the landgrabbers from the ranch. His aim is to complete the job using as little force as possible. But when his own employer frames him for a massacre of thirteen landgrabbers Jim Wade turns fugitive with a lynch posse at his heels. He has to keep alive to prove his innocence and get even with his former boss.
 Sleep Medicine Reviews is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the diagnosis and therapy of sleep disturbances and disorders (sleep medicine). It was established in 1997 and is published by Elsevier. The editors-in-chief are J. Krieger (Louis Pasteur University) and M.V. Vitiello (University of Washington).
 The Conan Swordbook is a 1969 collection of essays edited by L. Sprague de Camp and George H. Scithers published in hardcover by Mirage Press. The essays were originally published as articles in Scithers' fanzine Amra. The book is a companion to Mirage’s other two volumes of material from Amra The Conan Reader (1968) and The Conan Grimoire (1972).
 De Leeuw van Vlaanderen (Dutch; originally: De Leeuw van Vlaenderen or De Slag der Gulden Sporen. In English: The Lion of Flanders) is a historical book written by the Flemish writer Hendrik Conscience in 1838. The book tells the story of the Battle of the Golden Spurs in 1302.
 Representations is an interdisciplinary journal in the humanities published quarterly by the University of California Press. The journal was established in 1983 and is the founding publication of the New Historicism movement of the 1980s. It covers topics including literary historical and cultural studies. The founding editorial board was chaired by Stephen Greenblatt and Svetlana Alpers.
 Aha! is a Czech daily tabloid newspaper published in the Czech Republic.
 Stockport Express is the local newspaper of Stockport England. It has a paid-for circulation of 10000 and is published every Wednesday. The sister free paper the Stockport Times published every Thursday and distributed to households in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport has a circulation of 83709.
 The 47th Samurai is a 2007 thriller novel and the fourth in the Bob Lee Swagger series by Stephen Hunter. In narrative sequence it is preceded by Point of Impact Black Light and Time to Hunt.
 Big Cheese is an independent music magazine published in the United Kingdom which covers alternative music including rock punk and metal. It is circulated monthly.
 Opera is a monthly British magazine devoted to covering all things related to opera.Based in London the magazine was founded in 1950 by George Lascelles 7th Earl of Harewood. It was launched at the house of Richard Buckle under the imprint 'Ballet Publications Ltd'. The magazine contains reviews and articles about current opera productions internationally as well as articles on opera recordings opera singers opera companies opera directors and opera books.
 The Concord Review: A Quarterly Review of Essays by Students of History is the only academic journal in the world to publish the research papers of high school students. It was founded in 1987 by William H. Fitzhugh a Massachusetts educator dismayed with the dumbing down of writing standards in American secondary schools. Issued quarterly the Review accepts research monographs on history topics from high school students from any country as long as they are in English.
 Ker-Plop is a science fiction novella written in 1979 by Ted Reynolds.
 Seeker After Truth: A Handbook was written by Idries Shah one of the foremost writers on Sufism. It was first published by Octagon Press in 1982. Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such Seeker After Truth can be read as part of a whole course of study.
 Fushigi Yûgi Genbu Kaiden (ふしぎ遊戯 玄武開伝) is a manga written by Yuu Watase. It premiered in Japan in 2003 in Sho-Comi moved to an off-shoot magazine Fushigi Yûgi Perfect World in 2004. It was serialized sporadically in Monthly Flowers until 2008 when the series went on hiatus until spring 2010 when it began serialization in Rinka magazine.
 The Canary Caper is the third book in the A to Z Mysteries series written by Ron Roy in 1998. The plot follows a trio of amateur detectives – Dink Josh and Ruth Rose – investigating a series of animal thefts. However not long after the theft occurs the animals are returned and all is peaceful. Until the pet owners houses are robbed the very night the pets are returned. This makes the trio look for a connection and eventually leads to a stakeout at a proposed victim's house.
 The Nightmare Factory is a 2007 comics anthology from Fox Atomic Comics adapting individual short stories by Thomas Ligotti. The second book in the series The Nightmare Factory – Volume 2 was published in September 2008. It features new short essays by Ligotti.
 The International Journal of Circumpolar Health is a scholarly periodical concentrating on health issues of indigenous peoples in Arctic and Antarctic environments. Its disciplines include biomedical sciences social sciences and humanities. It is published by the International Association of Circumpolar Health Publishers with headquarters in Oulu Finland. The target audience includes researchers policy makers and practitioners.
 The Thieves of Ostia is a 2001 historical novel for children written by Caroline Lawrence the first book in The Roman Mysteries series. It is set in Ostia Antica the harbour of ancient Rome in the last month of the reign of emperor Vespasian.
 Public Opinion (Chambersburg) isa morning newspaper published seven days a week in the Greater Chambersburg area including Franklin Cumberland and Fulton counties PA.The newspaper also publishes a weekly total market coverage product The Advertiser and a monthly Faith magazine.
 Of All Possible Worlds is the first collection of science fiction stories by William Tenn. It was published in hardcover by Ballantine Books in 1955 with a cover by Richard Powers. Ballantine issued paperback editions in 1955 1960 and 1968; a British hardcover appeared in 1956 with a paperback following in 1963.
 Viajero Spanish for The Wanderer or The Traveller is a 1993 English-language novel written by multi-award winning Filipino author F. Sionil José. The literary theme is about the constant search of the Filipino people for “social justice and moral order”. Viajero is one of the literary representatives embodying the fulfillment of the Filipinos' emergent-nationalism.
 Sartor Resartus (meaning 'The tailor re-tailored') is an 1836 novel by Thomas Carlyle first published as a serial in 1833-34 in Fraser's Magazine. The novel purports to be a commentary on the thought and early life of a German philosopher called Diogenes Teufelsdröckh (which translates as 'god-born devil-dung') author of a tome entitled Clothes: their Origin and Influence but was actually a poioumenon.
 Belle Terre is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Dean Wesley Smith and Diane Carey.
 Yoko Tsuno is a comics album series created by the Belgian writer Roger Leloup published by Dupuis in Spirou magazine since its debut in 1970. Through twenty-six volumes the series tell the adventures of Yoko Tsuno a female electrical engineer of Japanese origin surrounded by her close friends Vic Video and Pol Pitron (see Yoko Tsuno characters). Their adventures bring them to among other places Belgium (Bruges) Germany Scotland Japan Hong Kong Indonesia and also into outer space.
 Owl Moon is a 1987 children's picture book by Jane Yolen illustrated by John Schoenherr. The book won many awards most notably being the Caldecott Medal for its illustrations and has appeared on the show Reading Rainbow. Owl Moon has been translated into more than a dozen foreign languages including French German Chinese and Korean. A song by Bruce O'Brien is about this book.Yolen described the book as a positive family story. It's about a girl and her father.
 Awan (in Arabic أوان meaning Time) was an Arabic language independent newspaper based in Kuwait. The daily was briefly published from November 2007 to May 2010.
 Battle Royal High School (真魔人伝　バトルロイヤルハイスクール Shin Majin Den Batoru Roiyaru Haisukūru lit. Legend of the True Devils Battle Royal High School) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shin'ichi Kuruma. It was serialized in the Tokuma Shoten magazine Monthly Shōnen Captain infrequently between the May 1986 and August 1989 issues.
 The White Ship is a 2002 novel by Australian children's author Jackie French. The White Ship follows the journey of a group of Protestant children who are forced to flee their home an island off the coast of France upon a defecting warship known as The White Ship in 1572 after Catherine de' Medici orders the deaths of all French Huguenots.
 QSaltLake is a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) news and entertainment magazine published monthly by Gay Salt Lake Inc. in Salt Lake City. The magazine is the feature publication for the corporation. Related publications web sites and a nonprofit organization are among the corporate projects.The magazine includes local national and world news an extensive opinion section arts and entertainment a bar guide and classifieds.
 Truckin' Magazine is a sport truck magazine currently published by Source Interlink Media. The current editor is Dan Ward and the feature editor is Maxwell Matthewson.
 The Guardian of Isis is a young adult novel by Monica Hughes and is the sequel to The Keeper of the Isis Light. The story takes place on the fictional world of Isis. It is set 55 years after the first book and now two more generations have been born.
 Biosensors and Bioelectronics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It covers research on biosensors and bioelectronics. The journal was established in 1985 as Biosensors and obtained its current name in 1991. The journal was established by I. John Higgins (Cranfield University) W. Geoff Potter (Science and Engineering Research Council) and Anthony P.F.
 Stranger Music is a 1993 book by Leonard Cohen. It compiles many of his published poems as well as the lyrics to his songs.
 Silent Thunder: Breaking Through Cultural Racial and Class Barriers in Motorsports is the autobiography of African-American motorsports pioneer Leonard W. Miller. It is a rare look inside an African-American man’s motor-racing experience from post World War II into the early 1990s. Only two other auto books delve into this perspective.
 The Physics Teacher is a peer-reviewed journal published by the American Association of Physics Teachers and includes papers on physics research papers on the history and philosophy of physics papers on applied physics papers curriculum developments papers on pedagogy papers on instructional lab equipment and also includes book reviews.The Journal was established in 1963; the current editor is Karl C.
 The Seven Sisters of India: Tribal Worlds Between Tibet and Burma is a book authored by Aglaja Stirn and Peter Van Ham and published by Prestel Publishing in 2001. The book is the first comprehensive publication on India's remote northeast starting from Tibet in the north to Myanmar (Burma) in the south and in between the North eastern states of India.
 The American Experiment: A History of the United State written by Steven M. Gillon and Cathy D. Matson is an advanced American high school history textbook often used for AP United States History courses and a university undergraduate level textbook. The book first published in 2002 is in its third edition.
 Oh Wicked Wanda! was a British full-color satirical adult comic strip written by Frederic Mullally and drawn by Ron Embleton. The strip regularly appeared in Penthouse magazine from 1973 to 1980. In the 1960s Ron Embleton already a veteran comic book artist had worked extensively for TV Century 21 comic illustrating stories based on the television programmes Stingray Thunderbirds and Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons amongst others.
 Sketchbook (スケッチブック Suketchibukku) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Totan Kobako. First serialized in the April 2002 issue of Comic Blade the individual chapters are collected and published by Mag Garden. Chapters have also appeared in Comic Blade Masamune. An anime adaptation under the title Sketchbook ~full color's~ aired in Japan between October 2 and December 25 2007.
 The Easy Sin is a 2002 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the nineteenth (and penultimate) book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone. The plot concerns the murder of a housemaid to a dot com millionaire. Kidnappers thought they have grabbed the millionaire's girlfriend not realising they've taken the millionaire instead. Matters are complicated by the involvement of the Yakuza.
 The Royal Abbey of Saint-Denis is a book about the history of the Royal Abbey of Saint-Denis by Sumner McKnight Crosby.
 Slow Chocolate Autopsy: Incidents from the Notorious Career of Norton Prisoner of London is a 1997 novel by Iain Sinclair and illustrated by David McKean. It concerns Norton who is trapped in space within London's city limits but not in time.
 Sly Mongoose is the third science fiction novel of Caribbean writer Tobias S. Buckell. The novel is a standalone but is set in the same universe as Buckell's novels Crystal Rain and Ragamuffin. The novels are also linked by a recurring character.The name Sly Mongoose is taken from a Jamaican folk song. The tune has been covered by different jazz musicians including Charlie Bird Parker and Louis Armstrong.
 Brilliance of the Moon is the third novel in Lian Hearn's popular Tales of the Otori trilogy published in 2004. It describes the events during the months following Takeo and Kaede's marriage at the end of the second book Grass for His Pillow leading to Takeo's confrontation with the warlord Arai Daiichi. A period of about 8 months is covered from Spring to the onset of Winter.
 The Sound of His Horn is a 1952 dystopian time travel/alternative history novel by the senior British diplomat John William Wall written with the pseudonym Sarban.
 Sword Song is the fourth in the bestselling Saxon Stories series from historical novelist Bernard Cornwell. The protagonist Uhtred holds the fate of Wessex in his sword again and the book follows Alfred's efforts to protect Wessex and unite England. The book was released on September 3 2007.
 Le Journal de Montréal is a daily tabloid newspaper published in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is the largest-circulating newspaper in Quebec and the highest-circulating French-language newspaper in North America. Established by Pierre Péladeau in 1964 it is owned by the Sun Media division of Quebecor Media and is hence a sister publication of TVA flagship CFTM-DT. It is also Canada's largest tabloid newspaper.
 The Jewish Exponent brand is made up of a weekly community newspaper a website and a quarterly magazine.The Jewish Exponent newspaper is the flagship publication of the Jewish Publishing Group which also produces Inside Magazine the Guide to Jewish Philadelphia and special sections including Simchas Good Life and the Chanukah Gift Guide. David Alpher is the General Manager / Vice President.
 Prism Ark ~Prism Heart 2~ (プリズム・アーク 〜プリズム・ハート エピソード2〜 Purizumu Āku ~Purizumu Hāto Episōdo2~) is a Japanese erotic video game and the sequel of Prism Heart developed by Pajamas Soft. Its first release was on August 25 2006. This work contains adult-only content of a sexual nature.An anime entitled Prism Ark began airing on Chiba TV on October 8 2007.
 Double or Nothing (1971) is a concrete novel by Raymond Federman originally published by Swallow Press Chicago. It was the winner of the Frances Steloff Prize and The Panache Experimental Fiction Prize.
 Dragonlance: Fifth Age is an accessory for the SAGA System published in 1996. It uses the setting of Dragonlance which originally was used in the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 A Thing of Beauty is a novel by author A. J. Cronin initially published in 1956 with the alternate title of Crusader's Tomb. It tells the story of Stephen Desmonde an English painter who struggles for recognition in a conventional world sacrificing everything for his passion for art. The title is a reference to John Keats' 1818 poem Endymion which begins with A thing of beauty is a joy for ever.
 The Craptacular B-Sides is a three issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 2002. The series is set in Raven's Perch New Jersey a fictional town renowned in Marvel's main shared universe for having a far higher percentage of superhumans than any other small town in America.The three members are disenfranchised youths with little direction in life until they are approached by a man named Charley Huckle.
 The Wounded Sky is a 1983 Star Trek novel (Pocket Books #13) by Diane Duane featuring James T. Kirk as captain of the USS Enterprise. The author would four years later adapt the novel's plot for the teleplay of the first season Star Trek: The Next Generation episode Where No One Has Gone Before.
 Flip-Flop Girl is a 1994 children's novel written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson. The book focuses on a nine-year-old girl named Lavina (but is called Vinnie) whose life has been in turmoil following her father’s death. Vinnie and her five-year-old brother Mason who has turned mute following their father’s funeral are sent to live with their grandmother in a rural Virginia community.
 Where What When is a monthly Jewish periodical in the Baltimore Maryland area. Established in 1985 its content is directed to the wide spectrum of Baltimore's Jewish population and it has an approximate readership of 40000.The magazine is circulated by mail and by newsstand throughout Maryland and Washington D.C. including Baltimore Silver Spring and Rockville.
 Ecce Romani (or Behold the Romans!) is the title of a series of Latin textbooks that has been produced in four major editions since 1971. It teaches the Latin language through a series of stories beginning with introductory Latin and moving on to involve deeper concepts and vocabulary. Using stories students learn the grammar culture history and mythology of Ancient Rome in the 1st century AD.
 Jacky Daydream is an autobiographical book about Jacqueline Wilson's childhood first published in 2007.The book's title refers to a nickname given to the author when she was at school.
 Insiders is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Jean-Claude Bartoll illustrated by Renaud Garreta and published by Dargaud in French and Cinebook in English.
 Class Warfare is a book of interviews with Noam Chomsky conducted by David Barsamian. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Pluto Press in 1996.
 Beyblade: Shogun Steel known in Japan as Metal Fight Beyblade Zero-G (メタルファイトベイブレード ZERO-G Metaru Faito Beiburēdo ZERO-G) is a Japanese manga by Takafumi Adachi based on Takara Tomy's spinning top toy line. It is also an anime that aired on TV Tokyo beginning April 8 2012 and Cartoon Network starting in mid-August 2013. Shogun Steel is the seventh in the line of Beyblade shows following the trilogy of shows started with Beyblade: Metal Fusion.
 The Athenian Murders is an historical mystery novel written by Spanish author José Carlos Somoza. Originally published in Spain under the title La caverna de las ideas (The Cave of Ideas) in 2000 it was translated into English in 2002 by Sonia Soto. The Athenian Murders is Somoza's first novel to be published in English. It won the 2002 Gold Dagger Award.
 People Places & Plants is an American gardening magazine based in New Gloucester Maine covering the areas of New England and New York. People Places & Plants is also the name of a gardening television program syndicated by Home & Garden Television.
 Jo's Boys and How They Turned Out: A Sequel to Little Men is a novel by American author Louisa May Alcott first published in 1886. The novel is the final book in the unofficial Little Women series. In it Jo's children now grown are caught up in real world troubles.It is also the only Alcott novel that has not had a movie adaption.
 The Dublin Review is a quarterly magazine that publishes essays reportage autobiography travel writing criticism and fiction. It was launched in December 2000 by Brendan Barrington who remains the editor and publisher assisted by Nora Mahony and then Deanna Ortiz in 2013. An anthology of non-fiction pieces from the magazine The Dublin Review Reader appeared in 2007.
 One Hundred And One Days: A Baghdad Journal is a non-fiction book by Norwegian journalist Asne Seierstad.From January until April 2003 — for one hundred and one days — Åsne Seierstad worked as a reporter in Baghdad for Scandinavian German and Dutch media. Through her articles and live television coverage she reported on the events in Iraq before during and immediately after the US-led invasion of Iraq.
 Make Way for Ducklings is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Robert McCloskey. First published in 1941 the book tells the story of a pair of mallards who decide to raise their family on an island in the lagoon in Boston Public Garden a park in the center of Boston.Make Way for Ducklings won the 1942 Caldecott Medal for McCloskey's illustrations executed in charcoal then lithographed on zinc plates. As of 2003 the book had sold over two million copies.
 The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art is a study of Upper Palaeolithic European rock art written by the archaeologist David Lewis-Williams then a professor at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg South Africa.
 The Valley is the first novel by Barry Pilton published in 2005 by Bloomsbury. It is a humorous account of the effect of outsiders on the rural status quo in a fictional mid-Wales valley during the 1980s and is being adapted for television.
 Man Alive is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in the December 1947 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Doors to Death published by the Viking Press in 1950.
 ARQ is a scientific journal published by the School of Architecture of the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. It publishes articles on a wide range of architecture-related topics primarily on issues that are relevant to Chile and South America. Each issue is centered around one theme.
 Auld Lang Syne is a comic based on the Angel television series.
 AACN Advanced Critical Care is a peer-reviewed nursing journal and an official publication of the American Association of Critical Care Nurses. It is intended for experienced critical care and acute care clinicians at the bedside advanced practice nurses and clinical and academic educators.
 Dragons of Spring Dawning is the third book in the Dragonlance Chronicles series written by Tracy Hickman and Margaret Weis. It continues events from Dragons of Winter Night and sets up the premise of the Dragonlance Legends trilogy also written by Weis and Hickman
 Hacker Culture is a cultural criticism book written by Douglas Thomas that deals with hacker ethics and hackers.
 A guerra dos mascates is a novel written by the Brazillan writer José de Alencar. It is a historical novel set during the war of the same name which occurred in Pernambuco from 1710-1711. The novel written in 1870 after the author's disillusionment with politics was published in two volumes: the first in 1873 the second in 1874. Alencar included several notes to the reader in these volumes.
 Bosque is a scientific journal published by the Forestry Faculty of the Southern University of Chile. It publishes articles on a wide range of forestry-related topics primarily on issues that are relevant to Chile Latin America and the Southern Hemisphere. The published articles include peer-reviewed scientific research papers items of current interest and opinion pieces. Bosque's first issue was published in 1975 and the journal was issued yearly until 1985.
 The Magazine of American History was first established in January 1877 by Martha Joanna Lamb Nathan Gillett Pond and John Austin Stevens with the long title The Magazine of American History with Notes and Queries. It was issued monthly. The first seven volumes were published by the A. S. Barnes Company of New York and Chicago volumes 8 through 28 by the Historical Publication Co. and after Mrs.
 Discourses (ISBN 1-880619-09-1) is a book by Meher Baba that has had seven editions since 1939 and is still in print. Next to God Speaks it is considered the second most important of Meher Baba's books by his followers.
 Open Sesame is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kawakata Kaoru and published by Kodansha. Open Sesame tells the story about amateur boxing champion Danjou Yamato who moves to Tokyo with his family and Maki Mogami the daughter of a highly respected doctor and their relationship as they transform from bitter rivals to close friends to lovers.
 A Choice of Magic is a 1971 anthology of 32 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. In fact the book is mostly a collection of tales published in previous Manning-Sanders anthologies.
 Flirting With Fate is a 2012 novel conceived by Pinaki Chaudhuri written and edited by Indian author and Freelance Editor Writer Preeti Singh. The book was released on Saturday 14 July 2012 by Writer Vivek Atray at CII in Chandigarh.
 Bloodchild and Other Stories is the only and rather brief collection of science fiction stories and essays by Octavia E. Butler. Each story features an afterword by Butler. Bloodchild the title story won both Hugo Award and Nebula Award.
 Secrets of Xen'drik (ISBN 0-7869-3916-8) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Kilmeny of the Orchard is a novel by Lucy Maud Montgomery. It is the story of a young man named Eric Marshall who goes to teach a school on Prince Edward Island and meets Kilmeny a mute girl who has perfect hearing. He sees her when he is walking through an old orchard and hears her playing the violin. He visits her a number of times and gradually falls in love with her.
 The Structure of Scientific Revolutions is a 1962 book about the history of science by Thomas S. Kuhn. Its publication was a landmark event in the history philosophy and sociology of scientific knowledge and triggered an ongoing worldwide assessment and reaction in—and beyond—those scholarly communities. Kuhn challenged the then prevailing view of progress in normal science. Normal scientific progress was viewed as development-by-accumulation of accepted facts and theories.
 The Asian Theatre Journal is an academic journal dedicated to the performing arts of Asia focusing upon both traditional and modern theatrical forms. It contains descriptive and analytical articles original plays and play translations as well as reviews of books and plays and reports of current theatrical activities in Asia.The journal was established by James R.
 Rights of Man (1791) a book by Thomas Paine including 31 articles posits that popular political revolution is permissible when a government does not safeguard the natural rights of its people. Using these points as a base it defends the French Revolution against Edmund Burke's attack in Reflections on the Revolution in France (1790).It was published in two parts in March 1791 and February 1792.
 Akhbar ul-Usbu'a (Arabic: أخبار الأسبوع‎ 'News of the Week') was a weekly newspaper published in Sudan between 1966 and 1970. It was issued by Awad Biraid. The newspaper was closely linked to the Sudanese Communist Party and provided the Sudanese communists with a legal press after their party and main organ (al-Midan) had been banned.
 The Art of Thinking Clearly is a 2013 book by bestselling Swiss writer Rolf Dobelli which describes in short chapters 99 of the most common thinking errors - ranging from cognitive biases to elements like envy and social distortions.The book was originally written as weekly columns in leading newspapers in Germany the Netherlands and Switzerland and later in two German books.
 The book An Album of Fluid Motion is a collection of black-and-white photographs of flow visualizations for different types of fluid flows. These flows include:Creeping flowLaminar flowFlow separationVorticesFluid instabilityFluid turbulenceFree-surface flowNatural convectionSubsonic flowShock wavesSupersonic flowThe book was self-published by its editor Milton Van Dyke fluid mechanics professor at Stanford University.
 Planet Simpson: How a Cartoon Masterpiece Documented an Era and Defined a Generation or Planet Simpson: How a Cartoon Masterpiece Defined a Generation is a non-fiction book about The Simpsons written by Chris Turner and originally published on October 12 2004 by Random House. The book is partly a memoir and an exploration of the impact The Simpsons has had on popular culture.
 La fièvre is the title of a set of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English by Daphne Woodward as Fever and published by Atheneum.
 Amityville: The Horror Returns is a 1989 horror novel and the fifth installment in The Amityville Horror book series written by John G. Jones. It is the final book to be about the Lutzes as they are stalked by the presence they fled from in Amityville.
 Biomega (バイオメガ Baiomega) is a cyberpunk action manga by Tsutomu Nihei. Biomega contains references to Blame! Nihei's previous work. This is a standalone storyline and does not have direct connections to his other works such as Blame! NSE and NOiSE (though throughout Blame! TOA Heavy Industries is mentioned several times).
 The Marvelous Land of Oz: Being an Account of the Further Adventures of the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman commonly shortened to The Land of Oz published on July 5 1904[citation needed] is the second of L. Frank Baum's books set in the Land of Oz and the sequel to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. This and the next thirty-four Oz books of the famous forty were illustrated by John R. Neill.
 'Qatar Chronicle' is a daily English language news web portal published in Qatar.Qatar Chronicle is a leading news portal in the Gulf region. The paper ushered in a breath of fresh air into the news and media scene in Qatar through its extensive and incisive reporting coupled with an active social media presence.
 The Rape of the A*P*E* is a book by Allan Sherman published in September 1973 by the Putnam Publishing Group regarding sex and its historical repression and resurgence in the United States. The A.P.E. on the title is a play on the words ape and the American Puritan Ethic.The book was the subject of much publicity when it appeared due to both its subject and author.
 Tucket's Home is the fifth novel in The Tucket Adventures by Gary Paulsen. Francis finally recovering from a rattlesnake bite he continues the trek to Oregon with Lottie and Billy. On their way they encounter a greenhorn English adventurer and his servants Jason Grimes murderous outlaws and a wagon train of men heading west to establish farms for their families.They finally find Mr.Tucket's family in the end and start all sorts of businesses with the gold and silver.
 The German Law Journal is a peer-reviewed online-only open access law journal reporting on the developments in German European and international jurisprudence. It is co-published by Osgoode Hall Law School and the Washington & Lee University School of Law.Publication of the journal started in 2000. The journal was co-founded by its two current editors-in-chief Russell A. Miller and Peer C. Zumbansen. The journal is published monthly.
 A God Who Hates: The Courageous Woman Who Inflamed the Muslim World Speaks Out Against the Evils of Islam is a book written by Wafa Sultan (Arabic: وفاء سلطان; born June 14 1958 Baniyas Syria) a medical doctor who trained as a psychiatrist in Syria and later emigrated to America where she became an author and critic of Muslim society and Islam.The book was published in 2009 by St. Martin's Press.In her book Sultan relates her life story and personal relationship with Islam.
 Narcopolis is the debut novel of Indian author Jeet Thayil previously known for his poetry. It is a novel about opium and its effect set in 1970s Old Bombay. The book sets out with the narrator arriving in Bombay where he gets sucked into the opium underground. Gradually however the story expands to encompass all the people he encounters along the way. The reader meets Dimple the eunuch Rashid the opium house's owner and Mr Lee a former Chinese officer.
 Dr. Dobb's Journal (DDJ) is a monthly journal published in the United States by United Business Media. It covers topics aimed at computer programmers. When launched in 1975 DDJ was the first regular periodical focused on microcomputer software rather than hardware. It is now distributed as a PDF monthly although the principal delivery of Dr. Dobb's content is through the magazine's Web site.
 Fludd is a novel by Hilary Mantel. First published by Viking Press in 1989 it won the Winifred Holtby Memorial Prize that year.The novel is set in 1956 in Fetherhoughton a fictional town somewhere on the moors of northern England.
 The Way We Talk Now: Commentaries on Language and Culture from NPR's Fresh Air is a collection of essays by Geoffrey Nunberg about the effect of language on contemporary culture. Most of the essays are based on segments from the NPR radio program Fresh Air. Nunberg looks at modern culture through the lens of language using his expertise as a linguist to highlight the subtle ways in which language influences society. The essays are organized by subject.
 A Body in the Bath House is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Great Teacher Onizuka (グレート・ティーチャー・オニヅカ Gurēto Tīchā Onizuka) officially abbreviated as GTO is a Japanese shōnen manga written and illustrated by Tohru Fujisawa. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from May 1997 to April 2002. The story focuses on 22-year-old ex-bōsōzoku member Eikichi Onizuka who becomes a teacher at a private middle school Holy Forest Academy in Tokyo Japan.
 Crack'd Pot Trail is the fourth novella by Canadian author Steven Erikson in his Malazan Book of the Fallen series. It is preceded by The Lees of Laughter's End and will be followed by another two novellas. The novella was released in December 2009 with 300 traycased signed and jacketed hardcovers with color plates and 700 unjacketed and unsigned hardcovers copies available for pre-order.
 The Door in the Wall is a 1949 novel by Marguerite de Angeli that received the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1950.
 Alchemy (released in 2004) is a novel for older children by the New Zealand author Margaret Mahy.
 The Journal of Rehabilitation Research and Development is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by the Rehabilitation Research and Development Service of the Veterans Health Administration Office of Research and Development. It covers research on rehabilitation medicine. It publishes ten issues in print and electronic formats each year which can be multi- or single-topic.
 Winter Hawk is a 1987 thriller novel written by Craig Thomas. It is the novel set within a larger continuum linking many of Thomas’s other books including some characters last seen in Firefox Down itself a sequel to Thomas’s Firefox.
 Ensam i världen in Swedish and Ensom i verden in Norwegian (in English Alone in the World; this novel has not has been translated into English) is a novel by Norwegian-Swedish author Margit Sandemo. The novel is about Norway and the life of a homeless orphan girl called Kira in the maelstrom of the Thirty Years' War.Kira is not her real name which she forgot after her mother died.
 The Review of Environmental Economics and Policy (REEP) is a peer-reviewed journal of environmental economics published twice each year. It is the official accessible journal of the Association of Environmental and Resource Economists (AERE) and complements the organization's other journal the Journal of Environmental Economics and Management (JEEM) which has a more technical research orientation.REEP was conceived after years of consideration by the Association.
 Mogura no Uta (土竜の唄) is a Japanese manga series written by Noboru Takahashi. It was adapted into a live action film titled The Mole Song – Undercover Agent Reiji and directed by Takashi Miike that will premiere in February 2014.
 The Red Tent is a novel by Anita Diamant published in 1997 by Wyatt Books for St. Martin's Press. It is a first-person narrative that tells the story of Dinah daughter of Jacob and sister of Joseph. She is a minor character in the Bible but the author has broadened her story.
 Betrayal Knows My Name (裏切りは僕の名前を知っている Uragiri wa Boku no Namae wo Shitteiru) also known as UraBoku is the title of a Shōjo manga by Odagiri Hotaru. It premiered in the Shōjo magazine Monthly Asuka in October 2005. An anime adaptation began on April 2010 on Chiba TV.
 Dermatology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Karger Publishers. It was established in 1893 as the Dermatologische Zeitschrift and was renamed Dermatologica in 1939. It obtained its current name in 1993. The founding editor-in-chief was Oskar Lassar. Other notable editors were Wilhelm Lutz (1939–1958) and Rudolf Schuppli (1959–1985). It is the official journal of the Schweizerische Gesellschaft für Dermatologie und Venere and the Belgian Society for Dermatology and Syphiligraphy.
 Serenading Louie is a play by Lanford Wilson.A 1976 Off-Broadway production played at the Circle Repertory Company from May 2 to May 30 1976. Marshall W. Mason won an Obie Award for his direction. The cast consisted of Tanya Berezin as Mary Trish Hawkins as Gabrielle Edward J. Moore as Carl and Michael Storm as Alex. The production was designed by John Lee Beatty with lighting by Dennis Parichy.In 1984 a production was staged at The Public Theater opening January 17 1984.
 The Fist of God is a 1994 suspense novel by British writer Frederick Forsyth.Featuring a story set during the Persian Gulf War the novel details an Allied effort to find a suspected Iraqi nuclear weapon. The story features the brothers Mike and Terry Martin who also appear in Forsyth's 2006 novel The Afghan.
 The Proceedings of A. Razmadze Mathematical Institute is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the A. Razmadze Mathematical Institute. The journal is the continuation of Tbilisis Mathematikuri Institutis Shromebi (Trudy Tbilisskogo Matematicheskogo Instituta Travaux de L'Institut Mathematique de Tbilissi) and was established in 1937.
 International Political Anthropology is a non-commercial peer-reviewed academic journal published twice a year under Creative Commons Attribution copyright license and all its articles and journals can be accessed free online through free registration in its website. It is registered and published in Ficino in the DOAJ and in the WorldCat Press.
 Lost Girls is a graphic novel depicting the sexually explicit adventures of three important female fictional characters of the late 19th and early 20th century: Alice from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Dorothy Gale from The Wizard of Oz and Wendy Darling from Peter Pan. They meet as adults in 1913 and describe and share some of their erotic adventures with each other. The story is written by Alan Moore and drawn by Melinda Gebbie.
 Europe Today is a daily newspaper covering European and International news from a European perspective. Europe Today is a member of Project Syndicate since 2011.In March 2011 Europe Today became a national winner of the 2011 Charlemagne Youth Prize in Sweden.
 Rogue Male (1939) by Geoffrey Household is a classic thriller novel of the 1930s.The book was reissued in 2007 with an introduction by Victoria Nelson.
 Motorcycle Mechanics (Motorcycle Scooter and Three-Wheeler Mechanics also known as MM) was a British monthly magazine founded in 1959 under Mercury House Publications. With the strapline The illustrated how-to-do-it magazine it initially concentrated on the practicalities of owning motorcycles as a domestic form of transport with a focus on home maintenance and repairs. Published between 1959 and 1983 many copies carried the announcement: World's largest sale.
 An Experiment in Criticism is a 1961 book by C. S. Lewis in which he proposes that the quality of books should be measured not by how they are written but by how they are read. To do this the author describes two kinds of readers. One is what he calls the unliterary and the other the literary. He proceeds to outline some of the differences between these two types of readers.
 Little Lord Fauntleroy is the first children's novel written by English playwright and author Frances Hodgson Burnett. It was originally published as a serial in the St. Nicholas Magazine between November 1885 and October 1886 then as a book by Scribner's in 1886. The accompanying illustrations by Reginald Birch set fashion trends and Little Lord Fauntleroy also set a precedent in copyright law when in 1888 its author won a lawsuit against E. V.
 Dragon Half (ドラゴンハーフ Doragon Hāfu) is a manga created by Ryūsuke Mita and serialized in Monthly Dragon Magazine from 1988 to 1994. It was adapted into a two episode anime OVA series in 1993. ADV Films had previously licensed the anime series in North America.
 Stories from our neighbourhood Arabic title حكايات حارتنا is a collection of stories by the Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz who was awarded the Nobel Literature Prize in 1988. The novel published in 1975 takes place in Cairo in the 1920s and consist of 77 autobiographical stories during the social unrest occurring in the country at the time.
 Otakus in Love (恋の門 Koi no Mon) is a Japanese manga series by Jun Hanyunyū. It was adapted into a live action film in 2004.
 Cult-Proofing Your Kids is a book written by Dr. Paul R. Martin on cults and fringe churches specifically written for Christian parents with a focus on how to keep children from joining such groups.
 The Finn Valley Post is a local newspaper in County Donegal Ireland based in the town of Ballybofey. The paper was first published on 18 July 2007 by the River Media group which produces other local titles such as the Donegal Post and Letterkenny Post. The paper covers much of east and central County Donegal including Ballybofey Stranorlar Raphoe and Lifford.The publication's name comes from the River Finn which flows through the area.
 Brother Fish is a novel written by Bryce Courtenay that was published in 2004.
 Yesterday the Children were Dancing or Hier les enfants dansaient is a Canadian specifically Québécois play by Gratien Gélinas.The story is about a member of parliament Pierre Gravel who is offered the post of Minister of Justice. Unfortunately on the same day he gets this promotion he learns that one of his own son André is a Quebec separatist terrorist plotting to destroy a statue to James Wolfe in the city.
 Signature in the Cell: DNA and the Evidence for Intelligent Design is a 2009 book about intelligent design by the American Stephen C. Meyer.
 To Your Scattered Bodies Go (1971) is a science fiction novel and the first book in the Riverworld series of books by Philip José Farmer. It won a Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1972 at the 30th Worldcon. The title is derived from the 7th of the Holy Sonnets by English poet John Donne:At the round earth's imagin'd corners blowYour trumpets angels and arise ariseFrom death you numberless infinitiesOf souls and to your scattered bodies go.↑
 Cancer Informatics is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal focusing on the application of computational biology to cancer research. It was established in 2005 and is published by Libertas Academica. The editor in chief is J. T. Efird.
 The Great Wheel is Robert Lawson's final children's book published in 1957 the year of his death. It was posthumously named as a Newbery Honor book in 1958.
 The Waikato Times is a daily broadsheet newspaper published in Hamilton New Zealand with a circulation to the greater Waikato region.The Waikato Times started out as the tri-weekly Waikato Times and Thames Valley Gazette first published on 2 May 1872 in Ngaruawahia but moved to Hamilton in 1875. For 20 years it competed with the Waikato Argus until the papers merged in 1915.
 Feminist Formations is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1988 as the NWSA Journal (also known as The National Women's Studies Association Journal); the name was changed beginning with the Spring 2010 issue. It publishes interdisciplinary and multicultural feminist scholarship in women's gender and sexuality studies linking feminist theory with teaching and activism.
 La Ronde (German: Reigen) is a play written by Arthur Schnitzler in 1897 and first printed in 1900 for his friends. It scrutinizes the sexual morals and class ideology of its day through a series of encounters between pairs of characters (shown before or after a sexual encounter).
 Five Go Adventuring Again (published in 1943) is the second book in the Famous Five series by the British author Enid Blyton.
 Honor of the Clan is a novel by John Ringo and Julie Cochrane and is part of the Legacy of the Aldenata series specifically a spin off that features Michael O'Neal's daughters Cally and Michelle. Michelle has been raised off planet by the Indowy race and has been trained in highly advanced mental techniques. As established in the earlier Cally's War Cally is a dangerous assassin.
 Vallavarayar Vandhiyathevar was a feudatory and Chief Commando (Senaithalaivar) of the Chola kings Raja Raja Chola I and Rajendra Chola I and chief of the Samanthas of North Arcot. He was married to Kundavai the elder sister of Raja Raja I. The territory under his authority was known as Vallavaraiyarnadu.
 Flashman on the March is a 2005 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the twelfth and last Flashman novel.
 Richard Bolitho Midshipman is a novel in the Bolitho series nautical fiction set in the Royal Navy of the late 18th century by Douglas Reeman writing under the pseudonym Alexander Kent. The book was published in 1975. It was the eighth novel published in the series though it is set earlier than the others at the start of the career of Richard Bolitho.
 Eye of the Labyrinth is a fantasy novel written by Australian author Jennifer Fallon. It is the second in a trilogy titled The Second Sons.
 Aspects of Scientific Explanation and other Essays in the Philosophy of Science is a 1965 book by Carl Gustav Hempel.
 A View from the Bridge is a play by American playwright Arthur Miller first staged on September 29 1955 as a one-act verse drama with A Memory of Two Mondays at the Coronet Theatre on Broadway. The play was unsuccessful and Miller subsequently revised the play to contain two acts; this version is the one with which audiences are most familiar today.
 Centennial is a novel by American author James A. Michener published in 1974.Centennial traces the history of the plains of northeast Colorado from prehistory until the early 1970s. Geographic details about the fictional town of Centennial and its surroundings indicate that the region is in modern-day Weld County. Since the novel was written the Denver suburb of Centennial has been incorporated although its location in Arapahoe County is far from Michener's fictional town of the same name.
 Five Plays is the eighth book by Anglo-Irish fantasy writer Lord Dunsany considered a major influence on the work of J. R. R. Tolkien H. P. Lovecraft Ursula K. Le Guin and others.
 The Revue de Médecine Interne is a French medical journal that covers research in internal medicine. It is the official journal of the Société Nationale Française de Médecine Interne (English: French National Society of Internal Medicine). The current editor-in-chief is Jacques Pouchot. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.614.
 Nature Reviews Endocrinology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of endocrinology. It was established in 2005 as Nature Clinical Practice Endocrinology & Metabolism and obtained its current title in April 2009.Indexed by ISI Nature Reviews Endocrinology received an impact factor of 11.025 as reported in the 2011 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters ranking it third out of 121 journals in the category Endocrinology & Metabolism.
 European Radiology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It was established in 1991 by J. Lissner and is the official journal of the European Society of Radiology. The current editor-in-chief is Adrian Dixon.
 Time Pussy is an early science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was the third of three stories Asimov wrote for John W. Campbell for a new category of science fiction tall tales in Astounding Science Fiction called Probability Zero. Campbell rejected the first two stories Big Game and First Law since they were not what he was looking for but he accepted Time Pussy albeit unenthusiastically.
 Ultimate War is a comic book limited series produced by Marvel Comics featuring the Ultimates and the Ultimate X-Men. The series contains four books released between December 8 2002 and February 23 2003. It was written by Scottish comics author Mark Millar with art by Chris Bachalo.It is collected as part of the Ultimate X-Men series of trade paperbacks. This was the first time the Ultimates as a team had crossed over with characters from the Ultimate Marvel Universe.
 Les Gracques is an unfinished play by Jean Giraudoux published after the author's death.
 The Indiana University Mathematics Journal (ISSN 0022-2518) is a journal of mathematics published by Indiana University. Its first volume was published in 1952 under the name Journal of Rational Mechanics and Analysis and edited by V. Hlavaty and Clifford Truesdell.
 Magical Melons is the sequel to Caddie Woodlawn a popular children's novel by Carol Ryrie Brink. Set between 1863 and 1866 the book takes the form of a collection of stories about the Woodlawn family with many stories overlapping chronologically with the first book. This book is currently sold under the title Caddie Woodlawn's Family (Magical Melons).
 A Tramp Abroad is a work of travel literature including a mixture of autobiography and fictional events by American author Mark Twain published in 1880. The book details a journey by the author with his friend Harris (a character created for the book and based on his closest friend Joseph Twichell) through central and southern Europe. While the stated goal of the journey is to walk most of the way the men find themselves using other forms of transport as they traverse the continent.
 The Guns of the South (1992) is an alternate history novel set during the American Civil War by Harry Turtledove.The story deals with a group of time-travelling Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging members who supply Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia with AK-47s and small amounts of other supplies (including nitroglycerine tablets for treating Lee's heart condition) leading to a Southern victory in the war.
 A Civil Action is a 1996 work of non-fiction by Jonathan Harr about a water contamination case in Woburn Massachusetts in the 1980s. The book became a best-seller and won the National Book Critics Circle Award for nonfiction.The case is Anderson v. Cryovac. The first reported decision in the case is at 96 F.R.D.
 The Five Thousand Year Leap: Twenty-Eight Great Ideas That Are Changing the World is a book that was published in 1981 by an ex FBI agent and anti-communist as well as conservative Mormon author Cleon Skousen. The book asserts that the United States prospered because it was established upon universal natural law principles passed down from Common Law and traditional Judeo-Christian morality as many of the Founding Fathers were guided by the Bible among others and consequently that the U.S.
 The Memory Keeper's Daughter is a novel by American author Kim Edwards that tells the story of a man who gives away his newborn daughter who has Down syndrome to one of the nurses. Published by Viking Press in June 2005 the novel garnered great interest via word of mouth in the summer of 2006 and placed on the New York Times Paperback Bestsellers List. The novel was adapted to television film and broadcast on Lifetime Television in April 2008.
 The Red Bulletin is a sports magazine published by the Austrian beverage company Red Bull. It started out as Formula One's daily magazine and today it is one of the few global monthly magazines. The Red Bulletin typically has 100 pages in every issue. Its first appearance was at the 2005 Monaco Grand Prix. After that it was a regular during the Formula One season.
 I Am an Impure Thinker is a book by Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy (1888-1973) German social philosopher and is an English-language introduction to Rosenstock-Huessy’s German-language book Soziologie. It is a collection of essays which represents an accessible introduction to Rosenstock-Huessy’s thought.
 Kate Remembered is a well-known book published and released on July 11 2003 by A. Scott Berg which tells the story and life of Katharine Hepburn the legendary film actress. The book was released 12 days after Katharine's death at 96 on June 29. The Book received mixed reviews.
 Assahra Al Maghribiya (Arabic: الصحراء المغربية‎) is a daily arabophone Moroccan newspaper of Maroc Soir Group. The group was acquired by Saudi Arabian media executive Othman Al Omeir. The paper was launched in 1989.The sister publications of the paper are the royalist francophone Le Matin the hispanophone La Mañana (defunct) and the online Anglophone newspaper Morocco Times (defunct).
 Gallows Thief (2001) is a historical mystery novel by Bernard Cornwell set in London in the year 1817 which uses capital punishment as its backdrop.Rider Sandman a veteran of the Napoleonic Wars is hired as an investigator as a formality to rubber-stamp the death sentence of a condemned murderer. Instead he discovers a conspiracy to conceal the real killer.
 The Real Thing is a play by Tom Stoppard first performed in 1982. It examines the nature of honesty and its use of a play within a play is one of many levels on which the author teases the audience with the difference between semblance and reality.The play focuses on the relationship between Henry and Annie an actress who is part of a committee to free Brodie a Scottish soldier imprisoned for burning a memorial wreath during a protest.
 An Unsuitable Job for a Woman is the title of a 1972 detective novel by P. D. James – and also the title of a TV series of four dramas developed from that novel.It features Detective Cordelia Gray the protagonist of both this title and The Skull Beneath the Skin. Cordelia inherited a detective agency and from there took on her first case.
 Locked On is a political thriller novel by Tom Clancy and co-authored by Mark Greaney. It was published on December 13 2011 alongside the unabridged audio book version read by Lou Diamond Phillips. The novel follows on from 2010's Dead or Alive and is based approximately a year after the events of that novel.
 Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods is an epic fantasy novel and the third book in The Underland Chronicles by Suzanne Collins.
 Espedair Street is a novel by Scottish writer Iain Banks published in 1987.
 Phaladeepika is a treatise on Hindu astrology written by Mantreswara. The text is written in lyrical Sanskrit verse comprises 865 slokas and 28 chapters. It is one of the more significant works on Hindu astrology along with Bṛhat Parāśara Horāśāstra of Parashara Brihat Jataka of Varahamihira and Jataka Parijata of Vaidyanatha Dikshita. It deals in a most comprehensive and authoritative manner with almost all astrological aspects of human life.
 Saiyuki (幻想魔伝最遊記 Gensōmaden Saiyūki) is a manga series by Kazuya Minekura which was serialized in G-Fantasy from 1997 to 2002. The story is loosely based on the Chinese novel Journey to the West (Xiyouji). In 1999 the Saiyuki OVA by Tokyo Kids was released. A year later it was adapted into an anime series by Studio Pierrot. The Gensomaden Saiyuki: Requiem movie appeared in theaters in Japan in 2001.
 The Assault (original title in Dutch: De Aanslag) is a 1982 novel by Dutch author Harry Mulisch about the Second World War. It deals with the consequences for the lone survivor of a Nazi retaliation on an innocent family after a collaborator named Fake Ploeg is found killed outside their home.The novel takes readers on the journey through the main character Anton Steenwijk's life. Anton struggles through the book to accept his traumatic memories from the book.
 The Stratagem and other Stories was a small book of short stories written by Aleister Crowley (1875–1947) occult magician poet and self-proclaimed prophet of a new Æon.
 New Writings in SF 20 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the twentieth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1972 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi under the slightly variant title New Writings in SF -- 20 the same year.The book collects six novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 Maariv (Hebrew: מַעֲרִיב‎ lit. Evening) is a mainstream Hebrew-language daily newspaper published in Israel. It is second in sales after Yedioth Ahronoth and fifth in readership after Yedioth Ahronoth Israel HaYom Jerusalem Post and Haaretz.
 Rough Justice is a novel written by Jack Higgins in 2008. It appeared on The New York Times Best Seller list in September 2008 debuting at number 15.The novel features Higgins' regular Sean Dillon along with both American and British government operatives in a volatile Kosovo made more so when one puts a bullet through the head of the ring leader of a group of Russian soldiers.
 The Wrong Side of the Sky is the debut novel by English author Gavin Lyall first published in 1961. It is written the in first person narrative.
 Simon Stevin (ISSN 0037-5454) was a Dutch language academic journal in pure and applied mathematics or Wiskunde as the field is known in Dutch. Published in Ghent edited by Guy Hirsch it ran for 67 volumes until 1993. The journal is named after Simon Stevin (1548–1620) a Flemish mathematician and engineer.In 1994 a second series was started from volume 1 under the title Bulletin of the Belgian Mathematical Society Simon Stevin and publishes mainly in English.
 The Four Feathers is a 1902 adventure novel by British writer A. E. W. Mason that has inspired many films of the same title. In December 1901 Cornhill Magazine announced the title as one of two new serial stories to be published in the forthcoming year. Against the background of the Mahdist War young Faversham disgraces himself by quitting the army which friends perceive as cowardice symbolized by the four white feathers they give him.
 The Michigan Journal of Business is a biannual peer-reviewed open access academic journal published by undergraduate students at the Stephen M. Ross School of Business (University of Michigan).
 The Vivekachudamani (Sanskrit: विवेकचूडामणि) is a famous Sanskrit poem ascribed to Adi Shankara in the eighth century. It expounds the Advaita Vedanta philosophy and is in the form of 580 verses in the Shardula Vikridita metre. The Vivekachudamani describes developing Viveka—the human faculty of discrimination—as the central task in the spiritual life and calls it the crown jewel among the essentials for Moksha. The title Vivekachudamani translates to Crest Jewel of Discrimination.
 Status Anxiety is a nonfiction book by Alain de Botton. It was first published in 2004 by Hamish Hamilton; subsequent publications have been by Penguin Books.
 R.O.D: Read or Die (リード・オア・ダイ Rīdo oa Dai) is a series of light novels authored by Hideyuki Kurata published under Shueisha's Super Dash Bunko imprint. Read or Die follows Yomiko Readman codename The Paper an agent for the Special Operations Division of the British Library. There are currently 11 Read or Die novels. In volume 11 a note stated that the series would end with the upcoming volume 12.
 The Conscious Mind: In Search of a Fundamental Theory is a 1996 book by David Chalmers an Australian philosopher specializing in the area of philosophy of mind.
 One Step Behind (1997) is a crime novel by Swedish author Henning Mankell the seventh in his acclaimed Inspector Wallander series.
 The Yale Journal of International Affairs is an international affairs policy journal based out of Yale University (New Haven CT). The journal is published biyearly and contains articles interviews and op-eds by academics policy practitioners and advanced graduate students.
 ACE (Advanced Computer Entertainment) was a multi-format computer and video game magazine first published in the United Kingdom by Future Publishing and later acquired by EMAP.
 The Mark on the Door is Volume 13 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate in 1934 purportedly by Leslie McFarlane however the writing style is noticeably different from other books in the series known to have been written by McFarlane. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Typewriter in the Sky is a science fiction novel written by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. The protagonist Mike de Wolf finds himself inside the story of his friend's book. He must survive conflict on the high seas in the Caribbean during the 17th century before eventually returning to his native New York. Each time a significant event occurs to the protagonist in the story he hears the sounds of a typewriter in the sky.
 Afterschool Charisma (放課後のカリスマ Hokago no Charisma) is an ongoing Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kumiko Suekane and serialized in Shogakukan's monthly seinen manga magazine Ikki. Shogakukan has released eight volumes so far between 29 July 2009 and 30 July 2012. The manga is licensed in North America by Viz Media and is partially available online at their website.
 The Upper Canada Guardian; or Freeman’s Journal was one of the first opposition papers in 19th century Upper Canada. Its publisher and editor Joseph Willcocks established it after moving to Niagara in 1807 to combat arbitrary power oppressive land laws and ultimately create liberty in the province.
 Nevis Mountain Dew is a 1978 play by American playwright steve carter . Set in the 1950s it is the second of Carter's Caribbean trilogy. Nevis Mountain Dew explores the subject of euthanasia involving the patriarch of an affluent family who is confined to an iron lung.
 Sacramento is a regional magazine based in Sacramento California published and owned by Sacramento Magazines Corporation (which is owned and co-published by Mike O'Brien). Per month the magazine has 25000 subscribers and 7500 newsstand copies. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).
 Anarchy in Action is a book exploring anarchist thought and practice written by Colin Ward and first published in 1973.The book is a seminal introduction to anarchism but differs considerably to others by concentrating on the possibility of an anarchism rooted in everyday experience and not necessarily linked to industrial and political struggles. His ideas are heavily influenced by Peter Kropotkin and his concept of Mutual Aid.
 The Devil in Amber is the second novel in a series featuring the fictional spy Lucifer Box. It was initially published in October 2006 and became more widely available from 6 November 2006.
 Real (Japanese: リアル Hepburn: Riaru) (sometimes stylized as REAL all uppercase) is a manga series by Takehiko Inoue which deals with wheelchair basketball. It has been serialised in Shueisha's Young Jump and to date 13 volumes have been published in Japan. The first 12 volumes have sold over 14 million copies in Japan alone.Although not as popular overseas as Slam Dunk has been Real is a more serious take on basketball with much character development in a realistic setting.
 The Whisper of Glocken is a children's novel by Carol Kendall first published in 1965. It is the second book in the series about the race of small people called the Minnipins being a sequel to The Gammage Cup. The Minnipin valley is being flooded and five new unlikely heroes set out on a quest to release the dammed river. They save the river.
 Inspire is an English language online magazine reported to be published by the organization al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). The magazine is one of the many ways AQAP uses the Internet to reach its audience. Numerous international and domestic extremists motivated by radical interpretations of Islam have been influenced by the magazine and in some cases reportedly used its bomb-making instructions in their attempts to carry out attacks.
 Love Mode is a yaoi manga series by Shimizu Yuki. It was first serialized in the Japanese monthly yaoi magazine Be x Boy in 1995 and released in 11 individual paperback volumes by the now defunct publisher Biblos. The series is currently being published in English by BLU.In addition seven volumes of drama CDs have been released with one of them Love Mode: Host Hen covering the story in volumes 6 and 7; Fly Me To Heaven Thunder Honey and 'Sweet Trap.
 A Briefer History of Time is a popular-science book published in 2005 from the English physicist Stephen Hawking and the American physicist Leonard Mlodinow. It is an update and rewrite of Hawking's 1988 A Brief History of Time. In this book Hawking and Mlodinow present quantum mechanics string theory the big bang theory and other topics in a more accessible fashion to the general public.
 Sundays at Tiffany's is a romance novel by the authors James Patterson and Gabrielle Charbonnet released on April 29 2008. It has also recently been adapted into a Lifetime Television original movie that premiered on December 6 2010.
 Fallen Angel is an American fictional comic book heroine created and owned by writer Peter David and artist David López who appears in her self-titled monthly series. It was published by DC Comics from July 2003 until it was canceled with issue #20 in May 2005 because of low sales. It resumed publication through IDW Publishing in December 2005 and ran for 33 issues.
 This article is about a newspaper in Maine. For the newspaper of the University of Alaska at Anchorage see The Northern Light (college newspaper); for the novel by A. J. Cronin see The Northern Light (novel)The Northern Light is a weekly newspaper covering parts of three counties in western Maine.
 Against Our Will: Men Women and Rape is a 1975 book by Susan Brownmiller. The book which is widely credited with changing public outlooks and attitudes about rape promoted the concept that rape was not the victim's fault.
 The Cushing Citizen is a newspaper founded in 1895 as the community newspaper of local town Cushing Oklahoma. Through the years the newspaper has had numerous owners including O.H. and Hattie Mae Lauchenmeyer. In the past the paper has been issued weekly and then daily. It is currently published twice weekly by David and Myra Reid who moved to Cushing in 1992 when they purchased the Cushing Daily Citizen from Francis Stipe.
 Political Fictions is a 2001 book of essays by Joan Didion on the American political process.
 Cistellaria is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
 Starmind is a science fiction novel by Spider Robinson and Jeanne Robinson. It first appeared as a four-part serial in Analog Science Fiction and Fact in 1994 and in book form the following year.
 Sakala is an Estonian language daily newspaper first published in Viljandi on 11 March 1878 by Carl Robert Jakobson a major figure of the Estonian national awakening period in the 19th century.Sakala was the first political newspaper in Estonian. It was the most popular newspaper among Estonians in the late 19th century. Today it is the local newspaper of Viljandi County.The masthead logo of Sakala was designed by Eduard Magnus Jakobson.
 Peer English is an academic journal established in 2006 and published annually by the Department of English at the University of Leicester and the English Association.
 Rediscovery is a novel in the Darkover series of novels and short stories by Marion Zimmer Bradley and others published in the United States since 1958. The novel first published by DAW Books in 1993 was co-written by Bradley and Mercedes Lackey. Rediscovery deals with Earth's reestablishment of contact with the lost human colony on the planet Darkover after centuries of societal development on the colony world.
 Mystery of the Whale Tattoo is Volume 47 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Jerrold Mundis in 1968.
 The Slow Mutants is a novella by Stephen King originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in July 1981. In 1982 The Slow Mutants was collected with four other stories King published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction as The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. The Slow Mutants formed the fourth chapter of the book and was slightly revised for the inclusion.
 I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It is a memoir by former American professional basketball player Charles Barkley. [This is not to be confused with the collection of columns by Pulitzer Prize and H. L. Mencken Writing Award-winning columnist Michael Mike Royko (September 19 1932 – April 29 1997) copyright 1968 Library of Congress Catalog Card No. 68–31464.] The book became a bestseller in 2002 and sold more than 125000 copies. It reflects Barkley's own personality experiences and opinions.
 Power Engineering is a magazine dedicated to professionals in the field of power engineering and power generation. Articles are focused on new developments in power plant design construction and operation in North America.Power Engineering is published by PennWell Corporation the largest U.S.
 White Night is the 9th book in The Dresden Files Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. The cover art by illustrator Christian McGrath depicts Harry walking down a snowy street with his glowing staff.
 Al-Rahinah or The Hostage is a Yemeni short novel by Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was selected by the Arab Writers Union as one of the 100 best Arabic novels of the 20th century. To date the novel has been translated into French English (by May Jayyusi and Christopher Tingley) German and Hindi.
 European Journal of Prosthodontics and Restorative Dentisty is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Dennis Barber. It was established in 1992 with Paul S. Wright as its founding editor-in-chief. The current editor-in-chief is J. Mark Thomason (Newcastle University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE/PubMed.
 The Heidenmauer; or The Benedictines – A Story of the Rhine is a novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1832. The novel is a socio-political novel set in 16th century Germany that focuses on the competition between various socio-political classes and the tension caused by the Reformation.The Heidenmauer is Cooper's second novel in what one critic would call his European Trilogy following The Bravo and preceding The Headsman.
 The Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) also known as the Shanghai Ranking is a publication that was founded and compiled by the Shanghai Jiao Tong University to rank universities globally. The rankings have been conducted since 2003 and updated annually. Since 2009 the rankings have been published by the Shanghai Ranking Consultancy.
 High Fidelity was an American magazine that was published from April 1951 until July 1989 and was a source of information about high fidelity audio equipment video equipment audio recordings and other aspects of the musical world such as music history biographies and anecdotal stories by or about noted performers. Until 1981 its editorial offices were located in Great Barrington Massachusetts.
 Guns & Weapons for Law Enforcement (ISSN 1058-2975) is a firearms magazine that is published eight times per year by Harris Publications.
 Thief's Player Pack is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Jonah (ISBN 0436378051) is a book of poems by Peter Porter accompanying reproductions of artwork by Arthur Boyd. It was published by Secker & Warburg on 22 October 1973. 2000 copies were printed and the retail price was ₤4.75.Porter had met Boyd at a poetry festival at the Royal Court Theatre in 1965.The book commences with three pages reproducing an old copy of the Book of Jonah.
 Established in 1868 the Canadian Pharmacists Journal is the oldest continuously published periodical in Canada. CPJ is a peer-reviewed forum for patient-centred practice where pharmacists can share knowledge with their colleagues. Its audience includes practising pharmacists professional organizations administrators academics/researchers consultants and health policy makers.Submissions from multidisciplinary teams and other health professionals are welcome.
 The Old Neighborhood: What We Lost in the Great Suburban Migration: 1966-1999 is a 1999 non-fiction book by Ray Suarez. It describes the process of urban flight as it has occurred in the United States from the 1960s to the 1990s.
 Quantum and Woody is a comic book series co-created by writer Christopher Priest and illustrator Mark Bright. After Acclaim Entertainment purchased the rights to the Valiant catalog in 1994 Quantum and Woody was introduced to the Valiant Universe. In 2013 Valiant Entertainment began publishing a re-imagined version of the characters written by James Asmus with art by Tom Fowler.
 God's Wife is a 2012 novel by Henry Baum. It follows the experiences of blogger Shirley Shave a female protagonist as she becomes a porn star a prostitute and finally a cult leader. In 2013 the book was honored as one of seven finalists at The Erotic Awards London UK. Other finalists include Pamela Stephenson Alan Moore and Dr Brooke Magnanti who won.
 V. is the debut novel of Thomas Pynchon published in 1963. It describes the exploits of a discharged U.S. Navy sailor named Benny Profane his reconnection in New York with a group of pseudo-bohemian artists and hangers-on known as the Whole Sick Crew and the quest of an aging traveller named Herbert Stencil to identify and locate the mysterious entity he knows only as V. It was nominated for a National Book Award.
 Texas Monthly is a monthly American magazine headquartered in Austin Texas. Texas Monthly is published by Emmis Publishing L.P. was founded in 1973 by Michael R. Levy and has been published by Emmis Publishing L.P. since 1998. Texas Monthly chronicles life in contemporary Texas writing on politics the environment industry and education. The magazine also covers leisure topics such as music art dining and travel. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).
 Polar Bears is a play by British writer Mark Haddon first produced by the Donmar Warehouse in London. Following previews from 1 April 2010 the play opened on 6 April 2010 where it ran until 22 May. The world premier production was directed by Jamie Lloyd. The German Oldenburgisches Staatstheater staged the play in 2012 under direction of K.D. Schmidt
 Mortal Causes is a 1994 novel by Ian Rankin. It is the sixth of the Inspector Rebus novels. It was the fourth episode in the Rebus television series starring John Hannah airing in 2004.
 Flagpole Magazine often abbreviated to simply Flagpole is an American alternative newsweekly that focuses on the cultural scene of Athens Georgia and its surrounding communities. It was founded by Jared Bailey and Dennis Greenia in 1984 and is currently edited and published by Pete McCommons. The publication covers local music politics news features and news related to the town that is also the home of the University of Georgia.
 Laghu Parashari also known as Jataka Chandrika is an important treatise on Vimshottari dasha system and is based on Bṛhat Parāśara Horāśāstra. Written in Sanskrit in the usual Sloka format it consists of forty-two verses divided into five chapters. Thus it is a brief but an important treatise on predictive part of Hindu astrology whose authorship is not known even though it is presumed that it was written by ardent followers of Parashara.
 When The Nightingale Sings is a Middle English poem author unknown recorded in the British Library's Harley 2253 manuscript verse 25. It is a love poem extolling the beauty and lost love of an unknown maiden.
 Conan the Rebel is a fantasy novel written by Poul Anderson featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Bantam Books in July 1980. It was reprinted once by Bantam (1981) and twice by Ace Books (1988 1991). The first hardcover edition was published by Tor Books in 2001; a trade paperback followed from the same publisher in 2003. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books in 1988.
 YOLK was a quarterly magazine for young Asian Americans. It was published by InformAsian Media Inc. (IAMI) and it was headquartered in Alhambra California in Greater Los Angeles. The later incarnations of the magazine were titled Yolk: GenerAsian Next 2.0.It was founded in 1994 by Tommy Tam Tin Yen and Amy Lee Tu.
 The First Confessor: The Legend of Magda Searus is Terry Goodkind's 15th novel. The book is set centuries prior to the main Sword of Truth series. It is the first book that is self-published by Terry Goodkind. Apart from 300 soon-to-be printed copies of a Limited Collector's Edition it is exclusively available as E-book and Audiobook.
 A Voice Through a Cloud is an autobiographical novel by Denton Welch who became a writer after a serious accident which had long-term effects on his health. The book describes his bicycle accident when he was an art student and subsequent experiences in hospitals wards and a nursing home. The book was almost complete when the writer died in December 1948 aged 33.Denton Welch was anxious to complete the novel when his health precarious since his accident was worsening.
 Topsail Voice is a community newspaper based in Hampstead North Carolina. It has a circulation of approximately 5000. The paper is known by residents and visitors for its devotion to coverage of local news and its ground-breaking featurette Monkey of the Week which provided readers a glimpse into the most current trends in primate couture. Its coverage of significant local events are often reprinted by other newspapers in the state.
 The Ascension of Little Hannele (German: Hanneles Himmelfahrt) also known simply as Hannele is an 1893 play by the German playwright Gerhart Hauptmann. In contrast to Hauptmann's naturalistic dramas The Assumption of Hannele adopts a more symbolist dramaturgy and includes a dream sequence. The play is the first in recorded world literature to utilize a child as its heroine. It was first published in 1894. Hauptmann was awarded the Grillparzer Prize in 1896 for the play.
 History of the Loss of Vietnam (越南亡國史 Việt Nam vong quốc sử) was a Chinese-language book written by Phan Bội Châu the leading Vietnamese anti-colonial revolutionary of the early 20th century in 1905 while he was in Japan.It was published by Liang Chi Chao a leading Chinese nationalist revolutionary scholar then in Japan who assisted Chau during his time attempting to drum up support for Vietnamese independence in China.
 The controversy over Fatal Vision journalist and author Joe McGinniss's best-selling 1983 true crime book is a decades-long dispute involving as well several other published works.In 1970 at their home on Fort Bragg North Carolina Green Beret Captain Jeffrey MacDonald M.D. was injured and his pregnant wife and two young daughters were murdered.
 The Margin (French: La Marge) is a novel by André Pieyre de Mandiargues published in 1967 which won the Prix Goncourt the same year. It was first published in the UK as The Margin in 1970 translated by R. Howard.The novel was adapted to film in 1976 directed by Walerian Borowczyk as La Marge internationally as The Margin and in the UK as The Streetwalker.
 Sucker Bait is a science fiction novella by Isaac Asimov. It was first serialized in the February and March 1954 issues of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1955 collection The Martian Way and Other Stories. It has also been adapted as an episode of the BBC anthology television series Out of the Unknown.
 Articulo – Journal of Urban Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering urban issues and publishes both theoretical and empirical articles.
 My Life is a 2004 autobiography written by former President of the United States Bill Clinton who left office on January 20 2001. It was released on June 22 2004. The book was published by the Knopf Publishing Group; the book sold in excess of 2250000 copies.
 Flight on Titan is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum. It was the third story published by Weinbaum in his Planetary Series. Flight on Titan first appeared in the January 1935 issue of Astounding Stories was the first of Weinbaum's to appear in Astounding Stories and is the only story by him set on Saturn's largest moon Titan.
 The Bangkok Recorder (Thai: หนังสือจดหมายเหตุ) was the first Thai-language newspaper first published monthly and later bi-weekly in Bangkok Siam between 1844–1845 and 1865-1867. It was written and published by Dr. Dan Beach Bradley an American Christian missionary who spent 35 years in the country.Bradley published both English- and Thai-language editions of The Bangkok Recorder. The Thai edition measured 6x9 and the English edition 12x18.
 Living Game (りびんぐゲーム) is a seinen manga by Mochiru Hoshisato originally published in Big Comic Spirits between October 1990 and April 1993. It is a romantic comedy that also examines some of the absurd effects of the rampant real estate speculation brought about in Japan in the late 1980s and the subsequent recession in the early 90's.
 The Best of John Wyndham is a paperback collection of science fiction short stories by John Wyndham published after his death by Sphere Books first in 1973. Michael Joseph Limited has published the book as a hardcover under the title The Man from Beyond and Other Stories in 1975. For the 1977 Sphere paperback edition it was split into 2 parts both containing the full bibliography and the introduction by Leslie Flood.
 Upsurge is a novel by Australian writer J. M. (John Mews) Harcourt. Set in Perth Western Australia during the Great Depression it was the first novel to be banned by the-then Commonwealth Book Censorship Board and the first to be prosecuted by police in Australia. University of New South Wales academic Richard Nile described Upsurge as one of the most radical Australian books written during the interwar period.
 Norsk Slektshistorisk Tidsskrift (NST) (Norwegian: Journal of Norwegian Genealogy”) is the academic journal for genealogy published in the Norwegian language by the Norwegian Genealogical Society.
 Hurricane Gold is the fourth novel in the Young Bond series depicting Ian Fleming's superspy James Bond as a teenager in the 1930s. The novel is set in Mexico and the Caribbean. It was first published in the UK in September 2007.
 Age of Adventure (冒険狂時代) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1951.
 PRAXIS: The Fletcher Journal of Human Security is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering human security that was established in 1981. It is published by The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy (Tufts University). In 2012 it became an online-only journal.The journal covers a different theme each year. It is produced by Fletcher students in coordination with the school's Institute for Human Security.
 Multitude: War and Democracy in the Age of Empire is a book by post-marxist philosophers Antonio Negri and Michael Hardt published in 2004. It is the second installment of a trilogy also comprising Empire (2000) and Commonwealth (2009).
 Sweet Blue Flowers known in Japan as Aoi Hana (青い花 lit. Blue Flower) is a Japanese yuri manga series written and illustrated by Takako Shimura. It was serialized between November 2004 and July 2013 in Ohta Publishing's Manga Erotics F manga magazine. Eight volumes were published between December 2005 and September 2013. The story focuses on Fumi Manjōme a lesbian high school girl and her close childhood friend Akira Okudaira who tries to keep her friends happy through difficult times.
 Princess Resurrection (怪物王女 Kaibutsu Ōjo lit. Monster Princess) is a Japanese horror comedy manga by Yasunori Mitsunaga. The manga was serialized monthly in Monthly Shōnen Sirius magazine and published by Kodansha. A 26-episode anime series by Madhouse aired on TBS in 2007. Both the manga and anime are available in North America with the manga licensed by Del Rey Manga and the anime licensed by Sentai Filmworks and available on the Anime Network website.
 The New-York Magazine; or Literary Repository was a monthly literary magazine published in New York City from 1790 to 1797 and claimed as one of the four most important magazines of its time. One of the longest-running magazines of that era (it published almost 100 issues) it focused on theater and travel writing and also essays poems and short stories.The magazine was founded by Thomas and James Swords who published printed and probably edited it.
 The Rats of Hamelin: A Piper's Tale (Moody Publishers 2005) is a historical fantasy/fairy tale fantasy novel by Adam McCune and Keith McCune. Gachi-Changjo Publishing Company published a Korean translation entitled 6월 26일 하멜른 (June 26 Hamelin) in 2007.Set in medieval Germany the story is based on the legend of the Pied Piper of Hamelin.
 Nine Coaches Waiting is a suspense Gothic Romance novel by Mary Stewart published originally in 1958.The novel tells the haunting tale of a young English governess Belinda (known as Linda) Martin who travels to Château Valmy near Thonon-les-Bains France to take care of nine-year-old Philippe de Valmy.
 Tarzan and the Ant Men is the tenth book in Edgar Rice Burroughs' series of novels about the jungle hero Tarzan. It was first published as a seven-part serial in the magazine Argosy All-Story Weekly for February 2 9 16 and 23 and March 1 8 and 15 1924. It was first published in book form in hardcover by A. C. McClurg in September 1924. The story was also adapted for Gold Key Comics in Tarzan #174-175 (1968).In the book Master of Adventure: The Worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs Richard A.
 Mobile Suit Gundam: THE ORIGIN (機動戦士ガンダム THE ORIGIN Kidō Senshi Gandamu The Origin) is a manga adaptation of the anime television series Mobile Suit Gundam written by Yoshiyuki Tomino and Hajime Yatate and illustrated by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko the original series' character designer. This is the third direct manga adaptation of the TV series.
 Math Horizons is a magazine aimed at undergraduates interested in mathematics published by the Mathematical Association of America. It publishes expository articles about beautiful mathematics as well as articles about the culture of mathematics covering mathematical people institutions humor games cartoons and book reviews.The MAA gives the Trevor Evans Awards annually to authors of exceptional articles that are accessible to undergraduates that are published in Math Horizons.
 Hallo! Ryōma (お～い!竜馬 O~i! Ryōma) is a Japanese seinen manga written by Tetsuya Takeda and illustrated by Yū Koyama. It is a comical and serious account mixing history and fiction of the life of the Bakumatsu period leader Sakamoto Ryōma.
 The Grotesque is a 1989 gothic fiction novel by British author Patrick McGrath. It was adapted into a 1995 film starring Alan Bates Lena Headey Theresa Russell and Sting.
 The National Enquirer (also commonly known as the Enquirer) is an American supermarket tabloid now published by American Media Inc (AMI). Founded in 1926 the tabloid has gone through a variety of changes over the years.The Enquirer openly acknowledges that it will pay sources for tips a practice generally frowned upon by the mainstream press.
 Naked in Death (1995) is the first book of the In Death series by J. D. Robb preceding Glory in Death. This book originally had a cover flat produced for it with the name D. J. MacGregor but was changed later.
 Petopeto-san (ぺとぺとさん) is a light novel series by Kou Kimura with illustrations by Yug. An anime adaptation ran from July 9 2005 to October 1 2005.
 David and Goliath: Underdogs Misfits and the Art of Battling Giants is a non-fiction book written by Malcolm Gladwell and published by Little Brown and Company on October 1 2013.
 The Tattooed Potato and Other Clues is a children's novel by Ellen Raskin published in 1975.
 Ultimate Punishment: A Lawyer's Reflections on Dealing with the Death Penalty or simply Ultimate Punishment is a series of autobiographical reflections regarding the death penalty. It is written by Scott Turow and marks his return to non-fiction for the first time since One L in 1977.
 Perry's Chemical Engineers' Handbook (also known as Perry's Handbook or Perry's) was first published in 1934 and the most current eighth edition was published in October 2007.
 Fifty Degrees Below (2005) is the second book in the hard science fiction Science in the Capital trilogy by Kim Stanley Robinson. It directly follows the events of Forty Signs of Rain with a greater focus on character Frank Vanderwal and his decision to remain at the National Science Foundation following the earlier novel’s superstorm and devastating flood of Washington DC.
 Scrambled Eggs Super! is a 1953 book by American children's author Dr. Seuss. It tells of a boy named Peter T. Hooper who makes scrambled eggs prepared from eggs of various exotic birds.
 Star Wars Episode I Journal: Queen Amidala is a 1999 young adult novel by science fiction author Jude Watson. The novel recounts the events of the film Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace (1999) from the point of view of one of its main characters Padmé Amidala.The book is published by Scholastic and part of the Star Wars Episode I: Journal Series.
 So B. It is a children's novel by Sarah Weeks released in 2004. In 2007 it won book awards in Illinois (the Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award) and Kansas (the William Allen White Children's Book Award).
 The SOS Adventure series is a trilogy of young-adult novels written by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman released between June 2010 and March 2011. The novels surround teenager Michael Monroe and his adventures with a team of international environmental rescue operatives known as SOS. The first novel in the series was longlisted for the children's Northern Ireland Book Award 2010-11.
 Norišnica is a novel by Slovenian author Andrej E. Skubic. It was first published in 2004.
 ChemPlusChem is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering chemistry and published by Wiley-VCH on behalf of the Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic. It was established in 1929 as Chemické Listy and renamed in 1939 to Collection tschechischer chemischer Forschungsarbeiten/Collection des travaux chimiques tchèques/Collection of Czech Chemical Communications for one year.
 The Star Rover is a novel by American writer Jack London published in 1915 (published in the United Kingdom as The Jacket). It is a story of reincarnation.
 Ganbare!! Tabuchi-kun!! (がんばれ!!タブチくん!!) is a yonkoma manga series by Hisaichi Ishii which ran in the weekly Manga Action magazine from 1978 to 1979 in Japan. After that series ended Ishii continued creating more baseball gag comics which were then collected under the title Tabuchi-kun (タブチくん) and released from 1985 to 1989.The main character of the gag comic series is based on (and named for) Kōichi Tabuchi a Japanese professional baseball player.
 Olivia (or the Weight of the Past) is the second to last novel by Judith Rossner author of the critically acclaimed novels Looking for Mr. Goodbar and August. Published in 1994 Olivia deals with a single mother's struggles with parental alienation after reconnecting with her long estranged daughter.
 The Painted Garden is a children's novel by British author Noel Streatfeild. It was first published in serial form in 1948 and as a book (subtitled The Story of a Holiday in Hollywood) in 1949. The abridged US edition was entitled Movie Shoes. The novel is now out of print the most recent publication being the 2000 Collins paperback.
 Amon: The Darkside of The Devilman (AMON デビルマン黙示録 AMON debiruman mokushiroku translated and also known as Amon: The Apocalypse of Devilman) is an action/horror manga created by Yu Kinutani based on the Devilman manga originally created by renowned manga author and artist Go Nagai. The first volume (tankōbon) was published on January 21 2000 and the final volume was released on April 24 2004.
 Higher Education Review is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1968 that covers research on post-secondary education. Its mission is as an academic journal concerned with policy and practice with contributions soundly based in research or scholarship but with implications for reform or change.
 The Chrysanthemum and the Sword: Patterns of Japanese Culture is an influential 1946 study of Japan by American anthropologist Ruth Benedict. It was written at the invitation of the U.S. Office of War Information in order to understand and predict the behavior of the Japanese in World War II by reference to a series of contradictions in traditional culture.
 A Lion Among Men is the third novel in Gregory Maguire's The Wicked Years and was released in the UK on October 2 2008 October 8 in the US and on October 14 2008 in the rest of Europe.Prior to the publication of A Lion Among Men Maguire stated that this book will be about the differing moralities... among soldiers for one and diplomats for another... about decisions to wage war and One of the main characters is the Cowardly Lion.
 Discrete Mathematics & Theoretical Computer Science is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering discrete mathematics and theoretical computer science. It was established in 1997 by Daniel Krob (Paris Diderot University). Since 2001 the editor-in-chief is Jens Gustedt (Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique).
 Izpred kongresa is a novel by Slovenian author Jana Kolarič. It was first published in 2006.
 'Health and Interprofessional Practice' is an open access peer-reviewed public health journal publishing original research and reviews on interprofessional education and practice among health care providers from different disciplines to inform patient-centered care.
 Contraception is a peer-reviewed medical journal which focuses on reproductive medicine. The journal is published monthly by Elsevier and was established in 1970. It is the official journal of the Association of Reproductive Health Professionals and the Society of Family Planning. The editor-in-chief is Carolyn Westhoff (Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health).
 The Brantford Expositor is an English language newspaper based in Brantford Ontario and owned by Osprey Media Group Inc. a subsidiary of Sun Media. It provides the readers with coverage of local news sports and events to the community as well as coverage of provincial national and international news.
 The Reader is Warned is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 Astronomy and Computing is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on applications computer science in astronomy published by Elsevier. It was established in 2013 and is abstracted and indexed in the Astrophysics Data System.
 Oberon Old and New or Oberon Past and Present is a book containing a new libretto written by Anthony Burgess in 1985 for Carl Maria von Weber's last opera Oberon (1826).
 The Queen Elizabeth Story is a 1952 children's fiction novel by Rosemary Sutcliff originally published by Oxford University Press.
 The Hawkline Monster: A Gothic Western is a novel by Richard Brautigan written in 1974.Taking place mainly in eastern Oregon in 1902 the story concerns a pair of morally ambivalent gunmen Cameron and Greer. On a job in Hawaii they are stopped by the fact their target is with his son. After returning to California they spend some time in a whorehouse where a young Native American-looking woman Magic Child comes to hire them for a job at her house.
 Other Worlds Than Ours is a collection of science fiction short stories by Nelson Bond. It was released in 2005 by Arkham House in an edition of approximately 2000 copies. It was the author's third book published by Arkham House. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Thrilling Wonder Stories Planet Stories and Blue Book.
 Grimble is a children's book by Clement Freud published by Collins in 1968. A sequel Grimble at Christmas was published some years later. The book was illustrated by Frank Francis. In the 1970s the two titles were published in a compendium volume by Puffin Books with drawings by Quentin Blake.
 The Anatomy of Hope: How People Prevail in the Face of Illness is a 2003 book by Doctor Jerome Groopman. The book was first published in hardback on December 23 2003 through Random House and deals with the subject of hope and its effect on illnesses.
 The Financial Express is an English daily published from Dhaka Bangladesh established in 1993.
 The Arkansas Traveler (sometimes abbreviated to just The Traveler) is the student newspaper of the University of Arkansas. It is printed four times a week and has an online edition that is updated daily.The Traveler is distributed free on campus and around the city of Fayetteville Arkansas and usually contains a mix of campus and local news coverage.
 Not to be confused with the song Nightchild by Swedish metal band Sabaton.Nightchild is a fantasy novel by James Barclay. It was first published in the UK in 2001. It is the third book in the Chronicles of The Raven series.
 The Executioner is a monthly men's action-adventure series following the exploits of Mack Bolan and his war against organized crime and international terrorism. The series spans #423 installments (as of February 2014)and has sold more than 200 million copies since its debut installment War Against the Mafia. The series was created and initially written by American author Don Pendleton who penned 37 of the original 38 Bolan novels.
 Catholic Family News (ISSN:1054-5682) is a Traditionalist Catholic monthly publication edited by traditionalist Catholic journalist John Vennari printed and published in the Western New York/Southern Ontario region. Catholic Family Ministries which publishes the monthly Catholic Family News (CFN) is run by John Vennari.Catholic Family News has no official affiliation with the various traditionalist groups but is sympathetic regarding the Society of Saint Pius X.
 Applied Psychology: An International Review (Psychologie Appliquée: Revue Internationale) is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of applied psychology. Established in 1952 it is an official journal of the International Association of Applied Psychology and is published on their behalf by Wiley-Blackwell. It was formerly published by the Psychology Press a subsidiary of Taylor & Francis. The editor-in-chief is Vivien K. G. Lim.
 Chicks Ahoy is an anthology that collects stories from the first three books in the Chicks in Chainmail series. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in December 2010.
 My Forsaken Star or My Star in What Sky are English names used to refer to the Korean-language autobiography of Annie Park. The book's English subtitle was Question Forever.Park the Eurasian daughter of a South Korean prostitute and an American soldier stationed in South Korea found out about her mother's occupation one night at age six by following her to work; as Park returned home that same night she was lured into an alley and sexually assaulted by a stranger.
 Acta Orthopaedica et Traumatologica Turcica is a peer-reviewed medical journal published bi-monthly by the Turkish Association of Orthopaedics and Traumatology. It is also the official journal of the Turkish Society of Orthopaedics and Traumatology. The journal is included in the Science Citation Index Expanded Index Medicus and TUBITAK-ULAKBIM.
 The Citizen is a tabloid-style newspaper distributed nationally in South Africa. While its core readership is mainly in Gauteng the economic powerhouse of the country it also distributes to surrounding provinces such as Mpumalanga Limpopo and the North West. It also publishes a special KwaZulu Natal edition daily. In 1998 The Citizen was acquired by CTP/Caxton. Its core readership is black middle-class men.
 Alias the Saint is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom in May 1931 by Hodder and Stoughton. This was the sixth book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar also known as The Saint.
 Expresso (Portuguese pronunciation: [(ɐi̯)ˈʃpɾɛsu]) is the flagship publication of the Group Impresa and was founded by Francisco Pinto Balsemão in 1973. A weekly newspaper it incorporates various supplements covering general news business sports international news entertainment society a magazine recruitment and real estate classified supplements as well as having a site on the Internet.
 Seabiscuit: An American Legend is a non-fiction book written by Laura Hillenbrand published in 2001 about the thoroughbred race horse Seabiscuit. It won the William Hill Sports Book of the Year and was adapted as a feature film in 2003. It has also been published under the title: Seabiscuit - The True Story Of 3 Men & a Race Horse. The author has been praised for her ability to convey a sense of historical times.
 Monkey High! (サルヤマっ！! Saruyama!) is a Japanese manga written by Shouko Akira and published by Shogakukan. The manga is serialised in Shogakukan's Betsucomi. The manga is licensed for an English-language release by Viz Media.
 The Crimson Flame is the 77th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 Teena is a cartoon panel series and comic strip about a teenage girl created by Hilda Terry. It ran from 1944 to 1966 distributed by King Features Syndicate.It evolved from Terry's earlier Sunday feature It's a Girl's Life a collection of gag cartoons which first appeared in newspapers on Sunday December 7 1941. The format displayed six panels about the reactions of teenage girls to World War II.
 Nutrition and Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the role of nutritional factors in causing or preventing cancer. It is published eight times a year by Routledge. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 2.553.
 Netochka Nezvanova (Russian: Неточка Незванова) is Fyodor Dostoyevsky's first but unfinished attempt at writing a novel. It translates to nameless nobody.. The first completed section of the book was published in the end of 1849. According to translator Jane Kentish this first publication was intended as no more than a prologue to the novel.
 Nínay is the first novel authored by a native Filipino. Originally written in the Spanish language by Pedro Alejandro Paterno when he was twenty-three years old and while living in Spain in 1885 the novel was later translated into English in 1907 and Tagalog language in 1908. According to Dominador D.
 The Journal of General Internal Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal established in 1986 and covering internal medicine in general. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and is the official journal of the Society of General Internal Medicine. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 2.761.
 Prophets of Regulation: Charles Francis Adams Louis D. Brandeis James M. Landis Alfred E. Kahn is a book by American business historian Thomas K. McCraw. The book won McCraw the 1985 Pulitzer Prize for History.The book is about the American trade and industry regulation history and it profiles Charles Francis Adams Louis D. Brandeis James M. Landis and Alfred E. Kahn.
 ARM System-on-Chip Architecture is a book detailing the system-on-chip ARM architecture as a specific implementation of reduced instruction set computing. It was written by Steve Furber who co-designed the ARM processor with Sophie Wilson.The book's content covers the architecture assembly language programming support mechanisms for high-level programming languages the instruction set and the building of operating systems.
 The Georgia Review is a literary journal based out of the University of Georgia. Founded in 1947 the journal includes poetry art fiction essays and reviews. It won National Magazine Awards for Fiction in 1986 and for Essays in 2007. Stories that appear in the Georgia Review are frequently reprinted in the Best American Short Stories and have won the Pushcart and O. Henry Prizes.
 Mental Floss (stylized mental_floss) is an American magazine that presents facts and trivia in a humorous way. It is published eight times a year. MentalFloss.com hosts a popular blog which presents additional trivia features and interesting news articles. The magazine has a circulation of 160000 while the website attracts nearly 8 million users a month.
 The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike is a realist non-science fiction novel authored by Philip K. Dick. Originally completed in 1960 this book was initially rejected by potential publishers and posthumously published by a small press in 1984 two years after Dick's death.
 The Utopian is a webcomic and comic book created written and drawn by Pj Perez. It is published by Pop! Goes the Icon.
 Widowmaker is a four issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics starring superheroes Black Widow Hawkeye and Mockingbird. Widowmaker continues the storyline staged in Hawkeye & Mockingbird #6 by Hawkeye & Mockingbird creators Jim McCann and David Lopez and the Black Widow creative team of writer Duane Swierczynski and artist Manuel Garcia.
 The Realistic Joneses is a play by Will Eno. It opened on Broadway in 2014 after premiering in 2012 at the Yale Repertory Theater.
 Neighborhood Story (ご近所物語 Gokinjo Monogatari) is a manga by Ai Yazawa. It was published by Shueisha from 1995 to 1998 in the magazine Ribon. It was adapted by Toei Animation as a 50-episode anime series which aired on TV Asahi from September 10 1995 to September 1 1996 with merchandise created by Bandai. There was a movie made in 1996 and a drama CD and soundtrack were also produced. Starting on September 19 2005 Gokinjo Monogatari began being republished in a deluxe edition.
 Me~teru's Feelings (め～てるの気持ち Me~teru no Kimochi) aka Love Laughs at Locksmiths is a manga by Hiroya Oku best known for his creation of the Gantz series. It was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Young Jump from 2006 to 2007.The story concerns a common problem in Japan known as hikikomori a problem of social reclusiveness.Koizumi Shintarou is a 30 year old who has been isolated in his room for 15 years.
 Welcome to Higby is the critically acclaimed second novel by Mark Dunn published in 2002 by MacAdam/Cage. and dedicated to his twin brother Clay.
 Tom Swift and His Airship or The Stirring Cruise of the Red Cloud is Volume 3 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Underground a thriller written by Michael Sloane (sometimes spelt Sloan) and produced at the Royal Alexandra Theatre Toronto and following a UK tour at the Prince of Wales Theatre London opening on 4 July 1983. It was directed by Simon Williams.
 Food Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal. It was established in 1976 and is published 24 times a year by Elsevier.
 Blood & Water was a 2003 five-issue horror comic book limited series written by Judd Winick and illustrated by Tomm Coker with covers by Brian Bolland. It was published by Vertigo Comics from March to July 2003 with cover dates of May to September 2003. It stars Adam Heller a young man with terminal illness whose friends offer to save his life but through an unusual means that may come with a price.
 The Mysterious Warning a German Tale is a novel by the English gothic novelist Eliza Parsons.
 Light in August is a 1932 novel by the Southern American author William Faulkner. It belongs to the Southern gothic and modernist literary genres.Set in the author's present day the interwar period the novel centers around two strangers who arrive at different times in Jefferson Yoknapatawpha County Mississippi a fictional county based on Faulkner's home Lafayette County Mississippi.
 .hack//Legend of the Twilight (.hack//黄昏の腕輪伝説 Tasogare no Udewa Densetsu lit. .hack//Legend of the Twilight Bracelet) is a science fiction manga series written by Tatsuya Hamazaki and drawn by Rei Izumi. The twenty-two chapters of .hack//Legend of the Twilight appeared as a serial in the Japanese magazine Comptiq and published in three tankōbon by Kadokawa Shoten from July 2002 to April 2004.
 Reviews of Modern Physics is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Physical Society. It was established in 1929 and the current editor-in-chief is Gene D. Sprouse. The journal publishes review articles on all aspects of physics.
 Hungry Heart: Wild Striker (ハングリーハート WILD STRIKER Hangurī Hāto Wild Striker) is a Japanese soccer manga and anime series authored by Captain Tsubasa creator Yōichi Takahashi. The manga series was serialized in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion. The anime series was produced by Nippon Animation and Animax and premiered in Japan on Animax between September 11 2002 and September 10 2003 spanning a total of 52 episodes.
 Rainbow Prelude (虹のプレリュード Niji no Pureryuudo) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka and also the name of one of his books in Kodansha's line of Osamu Tezuka Manga Complete Works books contains a collection of Tezuka's short stories. The stories included in the book are Rainbow Prelude The Curtain is Still Blue Tonight a manga version of Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice Peacock Shell and Song of the White Peacock.
 The Border Mail is a daily newspaper published in Albury-Wodonga Australia serving the twin cities and the surrounding region. It was originally published as The Border Morning Mail and Riverina Times and later as the Border Morning Mail before changing its title to the Border Mail.
 Nemesis (Norwegian: Sorgenfri 2002) is a crime novel by Norwegian writer Jo Nesbø the fourth in the Harry Hole series.
 The IND Monthly (formerly The Independent Weekly) is a newspaper published in Lafayette Louisiana. It was launched in 2003.
 Internet Magazine was a monthly print title launched in October 1994 by the UK publishing house Emap. Its last issue number 119 was published in July 2004.
 Pop Magazine is a quarterly free press action sports magazine available in Australia. Similar to the American magazine Blisss it covers skateboarding snowboarding and surfing news along with interviews and a lifestyle section covering music cars films and opinion pieces from around the world.
 The International Journal of Yoga is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published on behalf of the Swami Vivekananda Yoga Research Foundation. The journal covers research on yoga and its applications in the areas of medicine physical sciences spirituality management and education. It is abstracted and indexed in PubMed Central EBSCO databases EmCare Expanded Academic ASAP and ProQuest.
 The Oldham Evening Chronicle is a daily newspaper published each weekday evening. It is a local newspaper which serves the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham in Greater Manchester England. There are also three sister editions called the Oldham Extra Saddleworth Extra and Tameside Extra published on the first Thursday of each month.The paper is owned by Hirst Kidd and Rennie.
 Mass Appeal is a New York based media network with a quarterly publication focused on celebrating creative instigation. The magazine began as a graffiti fan zine in 1996 and grew to become a sprawling urban trendsetter mag covering a wide variety of pop culture topics ranging from graffiti culture hip hop music and streetwear to skateboarding video games cars and movies. It often provided coverage of young artists and performers that contributed to and shaped contemporary hip-hop culture.
 Global Ecology and Biogeography is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1991. It covers research in the field of macroecology. The current editor-in-chief is David J. Currie. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 5.273 ranking it first among 42 journals in the category Geography Physical and 10th out of 129 journals in the category Ecology.
 Koreni (The Roots) is the second novel of Serbian author Dobrica Cosic. The novel was published in 1954. Its literary genre is epics. It is also a psychological novel.The characters of the novel are politician Acim his sons Vukasin and Djordje Djordje's wife Simka Vukasin's wife Olga Tola Dacic Nikola and others.
 The Ocean at the End of the Lane is a 2013 novel by British author Neil Gaiman. The work was first published on 18 June 2013 through William Morrow and Company and follows an unnamed man who returns to his hometown for a funeral and gets caught up in events that began forty years earlier.Themes in The Ocean at the End of the Lane include the search for self-identity and the disconnect between childhood and adulthood.The book debuted at number one on The New York Times Best Seller list.
 Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan known in Japan as Nurarihyon no Mago (ぬらりひょんの孫 Nurarihyon no Mago lit. Grandson of Nurarihyon) is a manga series written and illustrated by Hiroshi Shiibashi. The series was first published in Shueisha as a oneshot in 2007. The manga has been continuously serialized in the Japanese manga anthology Weekly Shōnen Jump since March 2008 and has been collected into 25 tankōbon volumes as of December 2012. A Drama CD was released in December 2009.
 Popular Science (PopSci) is an American monthly magazine carrying popular science content that is articles for the general reader on science and technology subjects. Popular Science has won over 58 awards including the American Society of Magazine Editors awards for its journalistic excellence in both 2003 (for General Excellence) and 2004 (for Best Magazine Section).
 Why Leaders Lie: The Truth About Lying in International Politics is a 2011 book by the political scientist John Mearsheimer.
 Manorama Weekly is a weekly Malayalam language local interest magazine published by Manorama Group of publications from Kottayam India. It started publishing on 8 August 1937. With a circulation of 582180 copies (as per July–December 2010 survey by Audit Bureau of Circulation) it is the largest selling weekly in India. Along with Mangalam Weekly it is the most popular magazine among Keralites especially among homemakers and not-so-highly educated women.
 The International Journal of Primatology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes original research papers on the study of primates. Articles published in the journal are drawn from a number of disciplines involved in primatological research including anthropology zoology psychology paleontology sociology genetics and conservation biology.
 Trojan Odyssey is a Dirk Pitt novel by Clive Cussler published first in 2003.
 Do Your Best Genki (がんばれ元気 Ganbare Genki) is a sports manga by Yū Koyama about Horiguchi Genki a boy who is raised by a single father and who wants to be a boxer like him. It was adapted as an anime television series by Toei Animation. The manga received the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen in 1977.
 Model Engineer Magazine was first published (in the United Kingdom) to support the hobby of model engineering in 1898 by Percival Marshall who was to remain its editor for over 50 years. It has been published by My Hobby Store since 2008. The magazine addressed the emergence of a new hobby — the construction of models (often working) and experimental engineering largely in metal.
 Greater Kashmir is an Indian English language newspaper printed daily from Srinagar the summer capital of the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India. The newspaper began its publication in 1987 as a weekly newspaper. In 1993 it started its first daily publication. It's editor-in-Chief is Fayaz Ahmad Kaloo.
 Video Girl Ai (電影少女 Den'ei Shōjo lit. Video Girl) is a manga series created by Masakazu Katsura and published by Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump. It also has an anime adaptation. The manga is published in English by Viz Communications. It was formerly published in the anthology Animerica Extra by Viz.It was started in 1989 and continued until 1992 and fifteen manga volumes were produced.A live-action movie of Video Girl Ai was released in 1991.
 Bad Pharma: How Drug Companies Mislead Doctors and Harm Patients is a book by British physician and academic Ben Goldacre about the pharmaceutical industry its relationship with the medical profession and the extent to which it controls academic research into its own products.
 A Horse's Tale is a novel by Mark Twain (Samuel Clemens) written partially in the voice of Soldier Boy who is Buffalo Bill's favorite horse at a fictional frontier outpost with the U.S. 7th Cavalry.
 Children of the Arbat (Russian: Дети Арбата) is a novel by Anatoly Rybakov that recounts the era in the Soviet Union of the build-up to the Congress of the Victors the early years of the second Five Year Plan and the (supposed) circumstances of the murder of Sergey Kirov prior to the beginning of the Great Purge.
 Ocalenie is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1945.
 Leaf In A Bitter Wind is the personal memoir of author Ting-Xing Ye's life in China from her birth in Shanghai to eventual escape to Canada in 1987.
 The professional journal American Antiquity is published by the Society for American Archaeology the largest organization of professional archaeologists of the Americas in the world. The journal is considered to be the flagship journal of American archaeology.American Antiquity is a quarterly journal published in January April July and October.
 Combat avec l'ange (Struggle with the Angel) is a novel by French playwright and novelist Jean Giraudoux and published by éditions Grasset in 1934.
 Last Human is the title of a 1995 science fiction comedy novel written by Doug Naylor. It is part of the Red Dwarf series of novels based on the popular television show created by Naylor and his partner Rob Grant. Like the other novels it does not take place within the television series continuity but instead adapts situations presented on the series to occur within an alternative universe.
 The Journal of Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in linguistics and the official publication of the Linguistics Association of Great Britain. It is published by Cambridge University Press and was established in 1965. The journal covers all branches of theoretical linguistics. The current editors-in-chief are Nigel Fabb (University of Strathclyde) Caroline Heycock (University of Edinburgh) and Robert D. Borsley (University of Essex).
 The Cat Who Went Underground is the ninth novel in the Cat Who series of murder mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun.
 The Post-Standard is the major daily newspaper servicing the greater Syracuse New York metro area. Affiliated with Syracuse.com it is owned by Advance Publications. The Post-Standard features regular political commentary from Sean Kirst. It is home-delivered in the four counties that make up the Syracuse metro area. Additionally it is available in many retail outlets throughout the North Country and Southern Tier of New York.
 The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia is a 1974 utopian science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin set in the same fictional universe as that of The Left Hand of Darkness (the Hainish Cycle). The book won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1974 won both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1975 and received a nomination for the John W. Campbell Memorial Award in 1975.
 Tom Grogan is a novel published in 1896 by Francis Hopkinson Smith that was the best selling book in the United States in 1896. The novel also ran in the The Century Magazine starting in December 1895 with illustrations from Charles Stanley Reinhart.
 Shuttle Down is a novel by American author G. Harry Stine written under the nom de plume Lee Correy. First appearing as a four-part serial in Analog magazine between December 1980 and March 1981 the novel was later published by Ballantine/Del Rey in 1981 with a second edition following in 1985. The book can best be described as an early form of the techno-thriller genre later popularized by authors such as Tom Clancy.
 Deception Point is a 2001 techno-thriller novel by Dan Brown. The plot concerns a meteorite found within the Arctic Circle that may provide proof of extraterrestrial life and attempts by the antagonists to prevent the evidence against it from becoming public.
 Corrector Yui (コレクターユイ Korekutā Yui) is a magical girl anime series created by Kia Asamiya. The anime series was produced by Nippon Animation. Broadcast on NHK from 1999 to 2000. It was licensed for North American release by Viz Media.
 An Essay on Liberation is a 1969 book by Frankfurt School philosopher Herbert Marcuse.
 2 States: The Story of My Marriage commonly known as 2 States is a 2009 novel written by Chetan Bhagat. It is the story about a couple coming from two different states in India who face hardships in convincing their parents to approve of their marriage. The novel is said to be inspired from the real life story of the author and his wife Anusha Suryanarayanan who are from Delhi and Tamil Nadu respectively.
 The Stupidest Angel: A Heartwarming Tale of Christmas Terror is the eighth novel by Christopher Moore. Set during Christmas it brings together several favored characters from his previous books set in the fictional town of Pine Cove a recurring location in Moore's novels.An unabridged commercial compact disc recording of the original edition of The Stupidest Angel was issued with narration by Tony Roberts.
 I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew is a 1965 children's book by Dr. Seuss. The story features classic Seuss rhymes and drawings in his distinctive pen and ink style.
 El País (About this sound listen ; literally The Country) is the highest-circulation daily newspaper in Spain and one of three Madrid dailies considered to be national newspapers of record for Spain (along with El Mundo and ABC).[citation needed] El País based in Madrid is owned by the Spanish media conglomerate PRISA.Its headquarters and central editorial staff are located in Madrid although there are regional offices in the principal Spanish cities (Barcelona Seville Valencia Bilbao Santiago de Compostela) where regional editions are produced. 
 Kirby: King of Comics is a 2008 biography of Jack Kirby written by Mark Evanier. The book won the 2009 Eisner Award for Best Comics-Related Book. Published by the art book publisher Abrams Books it is extensively illustrated with Kirby's artwork including original art comic pages with production notes in blue ink.
 Campaign Sourcebook and Catacomb Guide is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Fuldaer Geschichtsblätter is the official publication of the Fuldaer Geschichtsverein the historical society of the German city of Fulda in Hesse founded 1896. The magazine is published since 1912 for a while as a monthly supplement to the Fuldaer Zeitung later irregularly. Publication was interrupted from 1915 to 1919 and from 1939 to 1953 and has continued since then.Common abbreviations are FGBl. and FdGbll.
 Almost a Revolution is an autobiography by the Chinese democracy movement leader Shen Tong written with former Washington Post writer Marianne Yen.Tong rose to international fame during the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 which ended with the so-called Tiananmen Square Massacre.
 Z for Zachariah is a post-apocalyptic science-fiction novel by Robert C. O'Brien that was published posthumously in 1974. The name Robert C. O'Brien was the pen name used by Robert Leslie Conly. After the author's death in 1973 his wife Sally M. Conly and daughter Jane Leslie Conly completed the book guided by his notes.
 'D.B. Corp Ltd.' is the largest Print Media Company of India with 19.8mn readership. It's a publisher of Indian Hindi-language daily newspaper Dainik Bhaskar (Hindi: दैनिक भास्कर) Gujarati-language daily newspaper Divya Bhaskar Marathi-language daily newspaper Divya Marathi Business Bhaskar Saurashtra Samachar DB Star & DNA. It was started in year 1958 from Bhopal the capital city of Madhya Pradesh.
 Fatal Attraction is a 2014 play adapted from his original screenplay by James Dearden. It is based on the 1987 film Fatal Attraction and it opened in London's West End at the Theatre Royal Haymarket on 25 March 2014 following previews from 8 March.
 Solfege (ソルフェージュ Sorufeeju) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Fumi Yoshinaga. The series is licensed and published in English in North America by Digital Manga Publishing. The manga is licensed in Taiwan by Sharp Point Press.
 A Walk on the Wild Side is a 1956 novel by Nelson Algren most often quoted as the source for Algren's three rules of life: Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.Algren noted The book asks why lost people sometimes develop into greater human beings than those who have never been lost in their whole lives.
 The Tamil Mirror is a Tamil-language news website in Colombo Sri Lanka. It is published by Wijeya Newspapers. Its sister newspapers are The Daily Mirror The Sunday Times Lankadeepa and Daily FT.
 Jingo is the 21st novel by Terry Pratchett one of his Discworld series. It was published in 1997. The rising of a previously submerged island and the subconstituent sovereignty dispute were inspired by the real-life island of Ferdinandea.
 Matilda is a children's novel by British author Roald Dahl. It was published in 1988 by Jonathan Cape in London with 232 pages and illustrations by the notable illustrator Quentin Blake. The story is about Matilda Wormwood an extraordinary child. It was adapted into an audio reading by Joely Richardson a film in 1996 a two-part adaptation for BBC Radio 4 (later re-broadcast on BBC Radio 4 Extra) starring Nicola McAuliffe as Matilda and narrated by Lenny Henry.
 Superiority is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1951. It depicts an arms race and shows how the side which is more technologically advanced can be defeated despite its apparent superiority because of its own organizational flaws and its willingness to discard old technology without having fully perfected the new. Meanwhile the enemy steadily built up a far larger arsenal of weapons that while more primitive were also more reliable.
 Variant is a young adult suspense novel by Robison Wells. It was published on October 4th 2011 by HarperTeen. Wells has stated that the initial draft of Variant took him only eleven days to write. The book was named one of Publishers Weekly's Best Books of 2011.
 Zoologicheskii Zhurnal (Russian: Зоологический журнал Zoological Journal) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published in Russian covering research in zoology. The journal was established in 1916 by Aleksei Severtsov.
 Seto Dharti is winner of Madan Puraskar written by Amar Neupane.
 Girl Germs was a zine created by University of Oregon students Allison Wolfe and Molly Neuman both members of the band Bratmobile.Feminism was influential in the Pacific Northwest in the early nineties: Girl Germs heralded an explosion of zines that accompanied the rebirth of feminism. These zines included Ms AmericaSatan Wears A Bra Fantastic Fanzine I (heart) Amy Carter and others.
 Pertemuan Jodoh ([pərtəˈmuan dʒɔˈdɔh]; English: A Meeting of Soulmates) is an Indonesian novel by Abdul Muis originally published in 1932. It tells the story of two students who are driven apart by their class differences but eventually marry.
 China: An International Journal covers politics economics society geography law culture and international relations in modern China including Hong Kong Macau and Taiwan.
 The Computer That Said Steal Me (ISBN 0-590-32636-8) is a 1983 Elizabeth Levy book about a boy who wants to get a chess computer in order to compete with his friends but feels he must steal it because his parents cannot afford it. He devises a rather ingenious means of making the theft but after the act is consummated he is overcome with guilt and paranoia similar to Raskolnikov in Crime and Punishment.
 Ekaveera (Telugu: ఏకవీర) is an Indian novel written by Kavi Samrat Viswanatha Satyanarayana in Telugu language. It was penned between 1929–31 and was published in Bharathi magazine in 1935. Originally written in Telugu it has since been translated into various Indian languages.This is the second novel of Viswanadha and it is the only novel written by the poet with his own hand writing. In 1969 a film version was released.
 Joe Gould's Secret is a 1965 book by Joseph Mitchell based upon his two New Yorker profiles Professor Sea Gull (1942) and Joe Gould's Secret (1964). Mitchell's work details the true story of the eponymous Joe Gould a writer who lived in Greenwich Village in the first half of the 20th century. Gould was an eccentric bridging the gap between bohemianism and the beat generation though he was an outspoken critic of both.
 Greatest Hits is a six-issue comic book limited series published in 2008 by DC Comics as a part of the Vertigo imprint. The series was written by David Tischman with art by Glenn Fabry.The series focuses on The Mates a super-powered foursome from The Sixties in the first superhero series from Vertigo since Grant Morrison's The Invisibles.
 Waging Heavy Peace: A Hippie Dream is an autobiography by rock musician Neil Young published in 2012. It covers aspects of his career family life hobbies and non-musical pursuits. It was generally well-received among critics.
 Pilgrim on the Hill is a lost early non-science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. It was written somewhere around 1956 according to one account or between 1948–50 according to another account.[citation needed] According to Lawrence Sutin's book Divine Invasions: A Life of Philip K. Dick the plot survives only as an index card synopsis from the publisher dated 11/08/1956 as follows:Another rambling uneven totally murky novel.
 Mladina is a Slovenian weekly left-wing current affairs magazine. Since the 1920s when it was first published it has become a voice of protest against those in power. Now it is printed weekly throughout the country and is considered one of the most influential political magazines in the country.
 The Mammaries of the Welfare State is an English-language Indian novel the sequel to Upamanyu Chatterjee’s debut novel English August. It won the Sahitya Akademi Award (English) in 2004.The novel brought its author the 2004 Sahitya Akademi Award for English by the Sahitya Akademi India's National Academy of Letters.
 The Begum's Fortune (French: Les Cinq cents millions de la Bégum) also published as The Begum's Millions is an 1879 novel by Jules Verne with some elements which could be described as utopian and others which seem clearly dystopian. It is remarkable as the first published book in which Verne was cautionary and to some degree pessimistic about the development of science and technology.
 The Red Streak was a tabloid format newspaper published in Chicago from October 2002 to December 2005. It was published by the Chicago Sun-Times as competitor to RedEye published by the Chicago Tribune.
 When the Green Star Calls published in 1973 is the second novel in Lin Carter's Green Star Series starting after the first novel Under the Green Star finished.The unnamed narrator once again thrusts his soul towards the Green Star. On the way he passes over the moon and sees an iron pillar in a crater.
 The Identity Matrix is a 1982 science fiction novel written by Jack L. Chalker and published by Timescape Books. The work focuses on the body swap and enemy mine plot devices as well as a background conflict between two powerful alien races.
 Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society covering all aspects of chemical engineering. The editor-in-chief is Donald R. Paul (University of Texas at Austin).
 The Tombs of Atuan is a fantasy novel by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin first published in the Winter 1970 issue of Worlds of Fantasy and published as a book by Atheneum in 1971.It was Le Guin's second novel set in the fictional archipelago Earthsea and the middle book in the so-called Earthsea Trilogy (1968 to 1972).Its events take place a few years after A Wizard of Earthsea and around two decades before The Farthest Shore.The Tombs of Atuan was a Newbery Honor Book in 1972.
 The Big Pets is a children's picture book by Lane Smith. It was originally published in 1991 by Viking Books.
 The Dark Man is an early poem written by Stephen King when he was in college. It was later published in Ubris in 1969. It served as the genesis for the character of Randall Flagg. A illustrated edition from Cemetery Dance Publications with illustrations from Glenn Chadbourne was released in July 2013.
 Fraction was a six-issue comic from DC Comics in 2004 in which four men in Philadelphia Pennsylvania steal the components of a powerful battle suit. The series was written by David Tischman with art by Timothy Green II and covers by Tomer Hanuka.
 American Nerd: The Story of My People is a book by Benjamin Nugent. The book discusses the history and origin of the term nerd as well as what the term means in today's age. Some of the important topics discussed include the racial differences for the term nerd such as how race played into Urkel a nerdy character played by Jaleel White on the TV series Family Matters.
 Mount Dragon is a 1996 techno-thriller novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child. The action primarily follows Guy Carson and Susana Cabeza de Vaca two researchers employed by the corporation GeneDyne and stationed at the Mount Dragon facility in New Mexico. In attempting to engineer a therapeutic hormone to prevent all forms of influenza GeneDyne has accidentally created a frighteningly virulent disease.
 Sambad Prabhakar (Bengali: সংবাদ প্রভাকর) was a Bengali daily newspaper founded by Ishwar Chandra Gupta and published in the first half of the nineteenth century. It began as a weekly newspaper in 1831 and became a daily eight years later in 1839. It was the first Bengali daily newspaper. Sambad Prabhakar covered news on India and abroad and put forward its views on religion politics society and literature.
 Rage: A Love Story is a young adult novel by Julie Anne Peters. It was first published in hardback in 2009. The story follows Johanna who falls in love with Reeve who has suffered much abuse in her life. When their relationship struggles Reeve begins to physically abuse Johanna who stays with her girlfriend despite the violence.[citation needed]
 The Carolina Times was founded as The Standard Advertiser in 1921 by Charles Arrant who died in 1922. In 1927 the newspaper was purchased by North Carolina Central University alumnus Louis E. Austin in Durham North Carolina. He changed the name to The Carolina Times. The paper continues to be published today by Austin's grandson Kenneth Edmonds and is the only black-owned and operated newspaper in Durham.Austin edited and published The Carolina Times from 1927 until his death in 1971.
 The Troy Daily News is an American daily newspaper published every day except Tuesdays and holidays in Troy Ohio. Its Sunday edition is called the Miami Valley Sunday News. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.In addition to Troy the Daily News circulates in several communities of Miami County Ohio including Casstown Conover Covington Fletcher Piqua Pleasant Hill Tipp City and West Milton as well as Christiansburg in Champaign County.
 The Journal of Machine Learning Research (usually abbreviated JMLR) is a scientific journal focusing on machine learning a subfield of artificial intelligence. It was founded in 2000.The journal was founded as an open-access alternative to the journal Machine Learning.
 Ganashakti Patrika (Gônoshokti Potrika) is an Indian Bengali daily newspaper published from Kolkata West Bengal India. The paper is an organ of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) West Bengal State Committee. It first appeared as a fortnightly in 1967 and then it started as an evening daily for quite some time and finally converted into a full-fledged daily newspaper.
 The Sleepwalker is the ninth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. It was released in February 2008. The book features Lauren Adams and Jake Parker in the lead roles investigating an airline crash that a mentally disturbed boy called Fahim claims was caused by his father. Meanwhile James Adams has a subplot doing work experience with Kerry Chang at a fast food restaurant. This is the first CHERUB book to feature Lauren in the lead role with James' story as a subplot.
 Orvin – Champion Of Champions is a 2003 musical play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn with music by Denis King. It was one of his few plays written for performance entirely by children and after the usual première at the Stephen Joseph Theatre went on to be performed at the National Youth Music Theatre.
 Journey to the Center of the Earth (French: Voyage au centre de la Terre also translated under the titles A Journey to the Centre of the Earth and A Journey to the Interior of the Earth) is a classic 1864 science fiction novel by Jules Verne. The story involves German professor Otto Lidenbrock who believes there are volcanic tubes going toward the centre of the Earth.
 The Original Magazine (also known as The Original) is a semiannual magazine covering the arts scene in Pittsburgh. Founded in 2006 as a nonprofit organization The Original is supported by the Sprout Fund and grants from various departments at the University of Pittsburgh and The Original Hot Dog Shop. Printed copies are distributed free of charge throughout the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh including coffee shops art galleries and bookstores.
 Indiana Jones and the Seven Veils is the third of 12 Indiana Jones novels published by Bantam Books. Rob MacGregor the author of this book also wrote five of the other Indiana Jones books for Bantam. Published on November 1 1991 it is preceded by Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants and followed by Indiana Jones and the Genesis Deluge.
 Mathrubhumi Azhchappathippu (English: Mathrubhumi Illustrated Weekly) is an Indian general interest weekly magazine published by the Mathrubumi Printing and Publishing Company in Kozhikode. The Malayalam language magazine started publishing on 18 January 1932.Some of the finest literally works produced in Malayalam were initially published in Mathrubhumi Illustrated Weekly. This include Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai's Footsteps (1964) O. V. Vijayan's The Legends of Khasak (1968) and M.
 Southern Lights is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in October 2009. The book is Steel's seventy-ninth novel.
 Cobalt (コバルト Kobaruto) is a bimonthly anthology of shōjo fiction published in Japan by Shueisha since May 1976. Shueisha also publish light novels under their Cobalt imprint many of which were originally serialized in the magazine.
 After Virtue is a book on moral philosophy by Alasdair MacIntyre. MacIntyre provides a bleak view of the state of modern moral discourse regarding it as failing to be rational and failing to admit to being irrational. He claims that older forms of moral discourse were in better shape particularly singling out Aristotle's moral philosophy as an exemplar.
 Menace was a 1953 to 1954 American crime/horror anthology comic book series published by Atlas Comics the 1950s precursor of Marvel Comics. It is best known for the first appearance of the supernatural Marvel character the Zombie in a standalone story that became the basis for the 1970s black-and-white comics magazine Tales of the Zombie. As well a standalone story in the final issue introduced a robot character that was revived decades later as the Human Robot a.k.a. M-11 the Human Robot.
 The Bacta War (1997) is the fourth installment to the Star Wars X-wing series of novels. It is a science fiction novel written by Michael Stackpole. It is set at the beginning of the New Republic Era in the Star Wars universe and focuses on the beginning of the conflict known as the Bacta War.
 The Last Mafioso: The Treacherous World of Jimmy Fratianno is a biography novel detailing the life of American Mafia member Aladena Jimmy the Weasel Fratianno. It chronicles Fratianno's life from a kid in Cleveland to becoming the acting Boss of the Los Angeles crime family. Author Ovid Demaris gained the information for the book from Fraitanno himself in the early 1980s where they spent hours recording conversations between the two.
 Black Denim Lit is an American web-based literary magazine and print anthology dedicated to compositions having unique and lasting artistic merit from new and established writers. Content selected for inclusion favor the General non-genre literary category as well as Science Fiction and Fantasy although any genre work may appear. It publishes flash fiction short stories novelettes reviews interviews and items of interest to those interested in creative writing.
 McOndo is the 1996 literary anthology that spawned the McOndo movement.Around 1994 Chilean writer Alberto Fuguet participated in an International Writer's Workshop which took place at the University of Iowa. There Fuguet attempted to present a short-story to the Iowa Review for publication. As the works of Latino authors were very popular at the time Fuguet believed his chances of getting his works translated and published were quite high.
 The Mediterranean Caper ( also published as Mayday) is an action-adventure novel by Clive Cussler published in the United States in 1973. This is the 1st published book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Dirk Pitt. It was nominated for an Edgar award by the Mystery Writers of America for Best Paperback Original Novel of 1973.
 Blood of Dreams is a 2007 debut historical fiction and horror novel by Susan Parisi. It follows the story of women who has the power to stop a killer as he stalks the dreams of his victims.
 Madonna is a biography by English author Andrew Morton chronicling the life of American recording artist Madonna. The book was released in November 2001 by St. Martin's Press in the United States and in April 2002 by Michael O'Mara Books in the United Kingdom. Morton decided to write a biography on Madonna in 2000. The release was announced in April 2001 by St. Martin's Press.
 Gaki Rock (ガキ☆ロック) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Daiju Yamauchi. It will be adapted into a live action film.
 Lagoon Engine (ラグーンエンジン) is a manga by Yukiru Sugisaki. It's been suggested that this is a prequel to Lagoon Engine Einsatz but no statements have been made to support this idea.The main protagonists are Yen and Jin Ragun. The name Lagoon Engine is derived from the phonetic pronunciation of the main characters' names (Ragun Yen Jin).Volume 6 was released on December 1 2009. Volume 7 was released in September 2010 in the US.
 The American Journal of Science (AJS) is the United States of America's longest-running scientific journal having been published continuously since its conception in 1818 by Professor Benjamin Silliman who edited and financed it himself.
 Fungal Biology is a scientific journal that publishes peer-reviewed papers on all aspects of basic and applied research of the fungi including lichens yeasts oomycetes and slime moulds.
 Palos of the Dog Star Pack is a science fiction novel by John Ulrich Giesy. It was first published in book form in 1965 by Avalon Books. The novel was originally serialized in five parts in the magazine All-Story Weekly beginning in July 1918.
 The Mystery of the Yellow Room (in French Le mystère de la chambre jaune) by Gaston Leroux is one of the first locked room mystery crime fiction novels. It was first published in France in the periodical L'Illustration from September 1907 to November 1907 then in its own right in 1908. It is the first novel starring fictional detective Joseph Rouletabille and concerns a complex and seemingly impossible crime in which the criminal appears to disappear from a locked room.
 Sora no Manimani (宙のまにまに At the Mercy of the Sky) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Mami Kashiwabara. The manga was serialized between the November 2005 and September 2011 issues of Kodansha's Afternoon manga magazine and was collected into 10 volumes. A 12-episode anime adaptation by Studio Comet and directed by Shinji Takamatsu aired in Japan between July and September 2009.
 Cold Iron is a poem written by Rudyard Kipling. Like many of Kipling's works it has a strong moral and religious message. The poem tells of a rebellion by a baron who fails but is ultimately forgiven by his king who turns out to be an allegory of Jesus Christ. Gold is for the mistress — silver for the maid — Copper for the craftsman cunning at his trade.
 In Defense of Internment: The Case for 'Racial Profiling' in World War II and the War on Terror (ISBN 0-89526-051-4) is a 2004 book written by conservative American political commentator Michelle Malkin. Malkin defends the United States government's internment of Japanese Americans in relocation camps during World War II and racial profiling of Arabs during the post-2001 War on Terror. The book's message has been condemned by Japanese American groups and civil rights advocates.
 The Magic Labyrinth (1980) is a science fiction novel the fourth in the series of Riverworld books by Philip José Farmer.
 The Hungry Tide (2005) is the sixth novel by Indian-born author Amitav Ghosh. It won the 2004 Hutch Crossword Book Award for Fiction.
 Artibus Asiae is a biannual academic journal specialising in the arts and archaeology of Asia. Along with the Ostasiatische Zeitschrift (founded in 1912) it was one of the most successful journals in its field in the German-speaking part of Europe. The first number of Artibus Asiae appeared in 1925. While earlier issues contained articles in German French and English today's contributions are mainly in English. Artibus Asiae is owned and published by the Museum Rietberg in Zurich.
 St. Paul in Britain or The origin of British as opposed to papal Christianity is a Welsh Bardic and Druidic theology book written by Richard Williams Morgan and published in 1861. The book and others by Morgan had an influencing effect on the development of Neo-Celtic Christianity.The work suggests the early entry of Christianity into Britain by Saint Paul Simon Zelotes and Joseph of Aramathea.
 The book Skin Cancer: Recognition and Management by Robert A. Schwartz MD is a clinical reference covering skin and accessible mucosal disorders premalignant and malignant cutaneous disorders including melanoma Kaposi's sarcoma and other sarcomas cutaneous lymphoma cutaneous metastatic disease and cutaneous markers of internal malignancy. It emphasizes skin cancer prevention as well as recent advances in diagnosis and management.
 Vision Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal specializing in the neuroscience and psychology of the visual system of humans and other animals. The journal is abstracted and indexed in PubMed. The journal's impact factor for 2011 is 2.4 and its 5-year impact factor is 2.5.
 The Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is co-owned by the BMJ Group and the European League Against Rheumatism and covers all aspects of rheumatology including musculoskeletal conditions arthritis and connective tissue diseases. The journal publishes basic clinical and translational research and abstracts from conferences. The journal was established in 1939.
 For other uses of this and similar names see Sfatul Ţării (disambiguation).Sfatul Ţării was a newspaper from the Moldavian Republic founded by Nicolae Alexandri in November 1917 as the newspaper of the legislative body Sfatul Ţării. It was the first daily newspaper in Bessarabia.
 The Cavalier's Cup is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery and the final appearance of the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his long-time associate Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 The Cestus Deception is a science fiction novel by Steven Barnes set in the Star Wars galaxy during the Clone Wars. The book takes place one year after the Battle of Geonosis in Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 21 years before the Battle of Yavin in Episode IV: A New Hope.
 The Duffel Blog is an American military news satire organization featuring satirical articles reporting on US military news. It is often described as the military version of The Onion. It was founded in March 2012 by Marine veteran Paul Szoldra originally as a way to drive web traffic to his website CollegeVeteran.com. It eventually branched out and became its own entertainment website. The site enjoys a large following among civilians veterans and servicemen alike.
 Palimpsest is a 2009 science fiction novella by Charles Stross exploring the conjunction of time travel and deep time. Originally published in Stross's 2009 collection Wireless it won the 2010 Hugo Award for best novella.Subterranean Press has announced that they will be reprinting the novella separately in 2011.
 Hell and Back is a nine-issue comic book limited series first published by Dark Horse Comics in July 1999–April 2000 and the seventh volume in Frank Miller's Sin City series.
 Degeneration (Entartung 1892) is a book by Max Nordau in which he attacks so-called degenerate art and comments on the effects of a range of social phenomena of the period such as rapid urbanization and its perceived effects on the human body.
 Primer with Various Instructions better known as the Fish Primer (Bulgarian: Рибен буквар Riben bukvar) was a Bulgarian schoolbook the first alphabet book in New Bulgarian language (since 15th century). It is considered by an author to be the first Bulgarian encyclopedia.The book was written and published by Petar Beron in 1824. It is one of the most significant secular works of the Bulgarian National Revival. It was the first secular publication in modern Bulgaria.
 The Jordan Journal of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by the Hashemite University and Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research (Jordan). It was established in 2007 and covers the fields of engineering including computational fluid dynamics thermodynamics mechatronics and renewable energy.
 The House of Silk is a Sherlock Holmes novel written by British author Anthony Horowitz published on 1 November 2011 in the United States and Europe. It marks the first time that the Conan Doyle Estate has authorised a new Sherlock Holmes pastiche though that was disputed by Leslie S. Klinger.
 Cherry Juice (チェリージュース Cherī Jūsu) is a shojo manga series created by Haruka Fukushima centered on a growing romance between two step-siblings Minami and Otome. It was originally serialized in Nakayoshi and was published by Kodansha in 2004. The first volume of the series was released in America by Tokyopop in September 2007.
 Pravasam is a 2008 Malayalam novel written by M. Mukundan. According to the author the novel is an attempt to re-define nostalgia which is thought to be the essence of life of non-resident Malayalis and to pay respect to hundreds of thousands of Malayalis living as non-resident Keralites in different parts of the world. It is a novel that travels through generations.
 The Violent Bear It Awayis a novel published in 1960 by American author Flannery O'Connor. It is the second and final novel that she published. The first chapter of the novel was published as the story You Can't Be Any Poorer Than Dead in the journal New World Writing volume 8 in October 1955. It is the story of Francis Tarwater a fourteen-year-old boy who is trying to escape his destiny: the life of a prophet.
 Ceylon Today is an English language Sri Lankan daily newspaper published by Ceylon Newspapers (Private) Limited. It was founded in 2011 and is published from Colombo. Its sister newspaper is the Mawbima. Ceylon Newspapers (Private) Limited is owned by politician Tiran Alles. The first edition being published on 18 November 2011.Editor in chief Lalith Allahakkoon was sacked on 13 June 2012. His replacement was Hana Ibrahim.
 Executive Intelligence Review (EIR) is a weekly newsmagazine founded in 1974 by the American political activist Lyndon LaRouche. Based in Leesburg Virginia it maintains offices in a number of countries according to its masthead including Wiesbaden Berlin Copenhagen Paris Melbourne and Mexico City. As of 2009 the president of the EIR News Service is Linda de Hoyos and the editor of EIR Nancy Spannaus.
 Mrs. Kimble (2003) is Jennifer Haigh's debut novel. Covering several decades from the 1960s to the late 1990s it is about a man who marries three women and in turn ruins each of their lives. Accordingly the book is about three rather than just one Mrs. Kimble. Mrs. Kimble won the PEN/Hemingway Award 2003 for outstanding first fiction.
 The Small Assassin (1962) is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Dime Mystery Magazine Weird Tales Harper's Mademoiselle and the book Dark Carnival.
 The Neighbor is a weekly newspaper serving Fountain and Warren counties in Indiana founded 1851. It's published weekly on Tuesdays and is a member of the Hoosier State Press Association.The Neighbor has previously been known as The Ledger Tribune and The Star Tribune.
 The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared (Swedish: Hundraåringen som klev ut genom fönstret och försvann) is a 2009 novel and the debut novel by Swedish author Jonas Jonasson.
 Holy Terror is a graphic novel by Frank Miller which follows a superhero named the Fixer as he battles Muslim terrorists after an attack on Empire City. Miller has described the book as a piece of propaganda and claimed that it is bound to offend just about everybody.The book was originally proposed as Holy Terror Batman! in 2006 but is no longer a project associated with the Batman character or DC Comics. Miller explained in 2010 It’s no longer a DC book.
 Epeirotika Chronika is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Manga Time Kirara Forward (まんがタイムきららフォワード Manga Taimu Kirara Fowādo) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Houbunsha. The magazine is sold monthly on the twenty-fourth. Forward was the fourth magazine in the Manga Time Kirara line to be published the first three being: Manga Time Kirara Manga Time Kirara Carat and Manga Time Kirara Max. Forward was first published on March 23 2006.
 Darkness (1985) is a collection of short stories by Bharati Mukherjee.
 Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle With India is a 2011 biography of Indian political and spiritual leader Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi written by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Joseph Lelyveld and published by Alfred A Knopf.The book is split between the time Gandhi spent in South Africa and his return to India as the Mahatma.Great Soul has engendered controversy based on early reviews which portray passages within the book as hinting that the relationship between Gandhi and his friend Hermann Kallenbach was more intimate than previously thought and possibly sexual in nature.
 Blow Fly is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell.
 Marius the Epicurean: his sensations and ideas is a historical and philosophical novel by Walter Pater (his only completed full-length fiction) written between 1881 and 1884 published in 1885 and set in 161-177 AD in the Rome of the Antonines. It explores the intellectual development of its protagonist a young Roman of integrity in his pursuit of a congenial religion or philosophy at a time of change and uncertainty that Pater likened to his own era.
 X-Men: Regenesis is a comic book branding used by Marvel Comics that ran through the X-Men family of books beginning in October 2011 following the end of the X-Men: Schism miniseries. This realignment of the mutant population is ahead of the 2012 Marvel Comics event Avengers vs. X-Men which begins during Regenesis with the mini series Avengers: X-Sanction and brings back Cable who was previously thought to be dead following the events of Second Coming.
 In the Shadow of the Sword is a history book charting the origins of Islam. The author Tom Holland had previously written two works on ancient history: Rubicon: The Last Years of the Roman Republic which charted the fall of the Roman Republic and Persian Fire which is an account of the Greco-Persian Wars during the 5th century BC.
 The Hidden Side of the Moon is a feminist science fiction collection of short stories by Joanna Russ first published in 1987 by St. Martin's Press. The collection covers stories published from 1952 (Nor Custom Stale Russ' first published story) to 1983.
 Roma is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 2007. The story follows two ancient Roman families the Potitii and Pinarii as members of successive generations bear witness to as well as participate in some of Rome's greatest historical events. The epic style is similar to James Michener's historical novels.
 Once Upon a Crime is the fourth book of the series The Sisters Grimm. It revolves around the detectives Sabrina Grimm and Daphne Grimm. The book is written by Michael Buckley.
 The Mystery of Banking is Murray Rothbard’s 1983 book explaining the modern fractional-reserve banking system and its origins. In his June 2008 preface to the 298-page second edition Douglas E. French suggests the work also lays out the “...devastating effects [of fractional-reserve banking] on the lives of every man woman and child.”Rothbard dedicated the book to Thomas Jefferson Charles Holt Campbell and Ludwig von Mises all “Champions of Hard Money.”
 Violence and the Sacred (French: La violence et le sacré) is a 1972 book by French anthropologist René Girard.
 A Complicated Kindness is a novel by Canadian author Miriam Toews originally published in 2004 by Knopf Canada. It won the Governor General's Award for English Fiction and the CBA Libris Fiction Award and was a finalist for the Scotiabank Giller Prize. In 2006 it was championed by singer-songwriter John K. Samson during CBC's Canada Reads and won the competition.
 The Areas of My Expertise (ISBN 0-525-94908-9 first published in 2005) is a satirical almanac by John Hodgman. It is written in the form of absurd historical stories complex charts and graphs and fake newspaper columns. Among its sections are a list of 700 different hobo names and complete descriptions of all 51 US states.
 The Yale Record is the campus humor magazine of Yale University. Founded in 1872 it became the oldest humor magazine in the world when Punch folded in 2002.
 Robinson Crusoe /ˌrɒbɪnsən ˈkruːsoʊ/ is a novel by Daniel Defoe first published on 25 April 1719. This first edition credited the work's fictional protagonist Robinson Crusoe as its author leading many readers to believe he was a real person and the book a travelogue of true incidents.
 The First Tycoon: The Epic Life of Cornelius Vanderbilt is a 2009 biography of Cornelius Vanderbilt a 19th-century American industrialist and philanthropist who built his fortune in the shipping and railroad industries. He is known as one of the wealthiest Americans in the history in the US. This biography was written over a seven-year period by American biographer T. J. Stiles.
 Florida Libraries is the official journal of the Florida Library Association and is published bi-annually. The journal publishes articles related to librarianship in Florida and while some of them are scholarly others will be informal in tone and content. Past issues are archived on their website and they are available in pdf format.
 The Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin (Жизнь и необычайные приключения солдата Ивана Чонкина Zhizn i neobïchaynïe priklyucheniya soldata Ivana Chonkina 1969-1975) and its sequels Pretender to the Throne: The Further Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin (Претендент на престол 1979) and Displaced Person (Перемещённое лицо Peremyeshyonnoye litso 2007) constitute the magnum opus of a Soviet dissident writer Vladimir Voinovich.The first book is set in the Red Army during World War II satirically exposing the daily absurdities of the totalitarian Soviet regime. 
 Kashmir Udaas Hai (Urdu: کشمیر اداس ہے‎) is a book that was written by a Kashmiri journalist and education specialist Mehmood Hashmi.
 Dunc's Doll is the second novel in the Culpepper Adventures series by Gary Paulsen. It is about Dunc Culpepper and Amos who are trailing a band of thieves who have stolen a doll once belonging to Charles Dickens's daughter. It was published on June 1 1992 by Dell Publishing.
 Slam is a novel written by British author Nick Hornby published in 2007. The book's main theme is teenage pregnancy and it is written from the perspective of a teenager Sam.
 Louisville Magazine is a magazine distributed in the Louisville area and is titled with just the name Louisville. It covers local business and culture.
 Omega: The Last Days of the World is a science fiction novel published in 1894 by Camille Flammarion. ISBN 0-8032-6898-X.On 25th century Earth a comet made mostly of Carbonic-Oxide (CO) could possibly collide with the Earth. It is concerned with the philosophy and political consequences of the end of the world.
 Shaman King (Japanese: シャーマンキング Hepburn: Shāman Kingu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei. This manga follows the adventures of Yoh Asakura as he attempts to hone his shaman skills to become the Shaman King by winning the Shaman Fight. Takei chose shamanism as the main theme of the series because he wanted a topic that had never been attempted before in manga.The Shaman King manga was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump between 1998 and 2004.
 Mephisto – Novel of a Career is the sixth novel by Klaus Mann which was published in 1936 whilst he was in exile in Amsterdam. It was published for the first time in Germany in the East Berlin Aufbau-Verlag in 1956. This novel (a thinly-disguised portrait of the actor Gustaf Gründgens) the Tchaikovsky novel Symphonie Pathétique and the emigrant novel Der Vulkan are Klaus Mann's three most important novels. An award-winning 1981 movie was based on Mann's novel.
 Youth is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in the May 1952 issue of Space Science Fiction and was reprinted in the 1955 collection The Martian Way and Other Stories. Youth is one of the rare Asimov stories with alien characters.
 The Good War: An Oral History of World War Two (1984) is a telling of the oral history of World War II written by Studs Terkel. The work won the 1985 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction. It is a firsthand account of people involved before during and after the war.The book mainly consists of interviews with people who lived the events that went from the beginning of America's involvement in World War II Pearl Harbor to the end.
 Age is a scientific journal focused on the biology of aging and research on biomedical applications that impact aging. This includes evolutionary biology biophysics genetics genomics proteomics molecular biology cell biology biochemistry endocrinology immunology physiology pharmacology neuroscience and psychology. It is an international peer-reviewed monthly and the official journal of the American Aging Society.
 The Colorado Springs Independent (commonly referred to as The Independent or simply The Indy) is a newsweekly that serves the Pikes Peak region of Southern Colorado (El Paso Teller and Pueblo counties.) It is Colorado Springs' largest locally owned media company.
 Landscape with the Fall of Icarus is an ecphrastic poem by the 20th-century American poet William Carlos Williams that was written in response to Landscape with the Fall of Icarus traditionally attributed to Pieter Bruegel.
 The Kimberley Daily Bulletin is the local daily newspaper of Kimberley British Columbia Canada. It is owned by Victoria-based Black Press the largest publisher of weekly newspapers in British Columbia.
 Sengoku Strays (戦國ストレイズ Sengoku Sutoreizu) is a Japanese shōnen manga series by written and illustrated by Shingo Nanami. The manga is being serialized in the Monthly Gangan Wing magazine and published in Japan by Square Enix.
 In Xanadu is a 1989 travel book by William Dalrymple. Unlike typical travel books In Xanadu traces the path taken by Marco Polo from the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem to the site of Shangdu famed as Xanadu in English literature in Inner Mongolia China. The book begins with William Dalrymple taking a vial of holy oil from the burning lamps of the Holy Sepulchre which he is to transport to Shangdu the summer seat of the King Kubla Khan.
 The Trouble with Girls is an American comic book published serially from 1987–1993 by Malibu Comics/Eternity Comics Comico and Epic Comics. It was written by Will Jacobs and Gerard Jones and drawn by Tim Hamilton and others.The Trouble with Girls is a satirical action series starring Lester Girls who wants to be simply an average guy with a dead-end job a plain wife and no adventures more exciting than a good night's sleep.
 The Matchlock Gun is a novel by Walter D. Edmonds that won the Newbery Medal for excellence as the most distinguished contribution to American children's literature in 1942.
 So Far from the Bamboo Grove is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Yoko Kawashima Watkins a Japanese American writer. It was originally published by Beech Tree in April 1986.Watkins was awarded the Literary Lights for Children Award by Associates of the Boston Public Library in 1998 and the Courage of Conscience Award by the Peace Abbey.Watkins's book takes place in the last days of World War II.
 Thrones Dominations is a Lord Peter Wimsey murder mystery novel that Dorothy L. Sayers began writing but abandoned and which remained as fragments and notes at her death. It was completed by Jill Paton Walsh and published in 1998. The title is a quotation from John Milton's Paradise Lost and refers to two categories of angel in the Christian angelic hierarchy.
 William Shatner's TekWorld (or Tek World) was a comic book series published by Epic Comics/Marvel from 1992 to 1995. It is based on the TekWar novels.
 A Day in Summer is the first novel by J. L. Carr published in 1963. The story is set in the fictional village of Great Minden on the day of its annual Feast (or fair) where RAF veteran Peplow arrives to seek retribution for the death of his son.Carr started the novel as a part of written work for classes of the Workers' Educational Association and described it as his most technically ambitious novel so it was foolhardy to start with.
 RUN was an American computer magazine published monthly by IDG Communications with its first issue debuting in January 1984. Bi-monthly publishing began in June/July 1990 (issue #78 volume 7 number 6) and went on until the magazine folded in November/December 1992 (issue #94 volume 9 number 6). In its heyday RUN's monthly circulation was in the 200000–300000 range. Folio the trade journal of the magazine industry rated it as the second fastest-growing U.S.
 The Whitby Witches is the first book in The Whitby Witches series by Robin Jarvis. It was originally published in 1991.
 The Oak Ridger is an American daily newspaper published Mondays through Fridays in Oak Ridge Tennessee. It is owned by GateHouse Media. Its editor and publisher is Darrell Richardson.It is the newspaper of record for Anderson and Roane counties and the city of Oak Ridge.The Oak Ridger was established in 1949 by Alfred and Julia Hill. It published its first edition on January 20 of that year. The first publisher was Don J. McKay. The paper was owned for many years by the Hill family.
 Magic Moon (original title: Märchenmond meaning Fairy Tale Moon) is a young adult fantasy novel written by German authors Wolfgang and Heike Hohlbein in 1982.The book was Hohlbein's first success as a writer and the starting point of his career as one of Europe's most well-known and prolific fantasy writers. It was published in over a dozen countries and sold more than two million copies and became the first Hohlbein novel released in the English-speaking world in 2006.
 Meet the Austins is the title of a 1960 novel by Madeleine L'Engle the first of her books about the Austin family. It introduces the characters Vicky Austin and her three siblings and Maggy Hamilton an orphan.plotVicky Austin's noisy loving mostly-happy family is disrupted when the family's honorary uncle dies in a plane crash. His co-pilot was also killed leaving behind a ten-year-old daughter Maggy who has no one to care for her.
 San Francisco Public Press a.k.a. SF Public Press is a non-profit online and print news organization covering the Bay Area. It was founded in 2009. The organization receives funding from The San Francisco Foundation and is fiscally sponsored by Independent Art & Media.
 Ann Veronica is a New Woman novel by H.G. Wells published in 1909.Ann Veronica describes the rebellion of Ann Veronica Stanley a young lady of nearly two-and-twenty against her middle-class father's stern patriarchal rule. The novel dramatizes the contemporary problem of the New Woman. It is set in Edwardian London and environs except for an Alpine excursion.
 Elrad – Magazin für Elektronik und technische Rechneranwendung (Magazine for electronics and technical applied computing) was a popular German computer magazine for a semi-professional audience published by the Heinz Heise publishing house from November 1977 to June 1997.In 1983 one of elrad's supplements computing today was separated into an own publication the now popular magazine c't.
 Aenir is the third book in Garth Nix's The Seventh Tower series published in 2001 by Scholastic. The cover design and art are by Madalina Stefan and Steve Rawlings respectively. This book was released recently in the UK.
 Deploying Renewables 2011: Best and Future Policy Practice is a 2011 book by the International Energy Agency. The book analyses the recent successes in renewable energy which now accounts for almost a fifth of all electricity produced worldwide and addresses how countries can best capitalize on that growth to realise a sustainable energy future.
 In the Claws of Brightness (Filipino: Sa mga Kuko ng Liwanag) is a 1986 Tagalog language novel written by Filipino author Edgardo M. Reyes originally serialized in Liwayway magazine from 1966 to 1967. The title In the Claws of Brightness is a word-for-word literal translation of the Tagalog title which effectively makes little sense. A more practical English translation would be At the Verge of Dawn. The story became the basis for the award-winning Filipino film The Claws of Light.
 Meet the Tiger is the title of an action-adventure novel written by Leslie Charteris. In England it was first published by Ward Lock in September 1928; in the United States it was first published by Doubleday's The Crime Club imprint in March 1929 with the variant title Meet – the Tiger!. It was the first novel in a long-running series of books (lasting into the 1980s) featuring the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint.
 Rainbow Parakeet (七色いんこ Nana-iro Inko) is a manga series created by Osamu Tezuka dealing with the adventures of the eponymous phantom thief. Collected in seven volumes it has been published in France by Asuka.
 A Lie of Reinvention: Correcting Manning Marable's Malcolm X is a collection of essays related to Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention by Manning Marable. It is edited by Jared Ball and Todd Steven Burroughs.Ball has stated that Marable's book “is a corporate product a simple commodity to be traded but for more than money; it is a carefully constructed ideological assault on history on radical politics on historical and cultural memory on the very idea of revolution.”
 The Servants of Twilight is a novel by best-selling American suspense author Dean Koontz. The book's plot revolves around a single mother being tormented by members of a religious cult whose leader believes the woman's son to be the Antichrist. A film adaptation was released in 1991.The book was originally published in 1984 as a paperback original under the pseudonym Leigh Nichols. Its original title was just Twilight.
 Pakistan: A Personal History (2011) is a book written by Pakistani politician and former cricketer Imran Khan. In this book Khan has written on Pakistan's history his political party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf and his own life and cricket career.
 Arc Light is the debut novel by Eric L. Harry a techno-thriller about limited nuclear war published in September 1994 and written in 1991 and 1992.As China and Russia clash in Siberia and war brews between the US and North Korea a series of accidents and misunderstandings lead to a Russian nuclear strike against the United States. The U.S.
 The Last Thing He Wanted is a novel by Joan Didion. It was published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1996.The story centers around Elena McMahon a reporter for the Washington Post who quits her job covering the 1984 Presidential primaries to care for her father after her mother's death. In an unusual turn of events she inherits his position as an arms dealer for the U.S. Government in Central America.
 The Columbian Centinel (1790-1840) was a Boston Massachusetts newspaper established by Benjamin Russell. It continued its predecessor the Massachusetts Centinel and the Republican Journal which Russell and partner William Warden had first issued on March 24 1784. The paper was the most influential and enterprising paper in Massachusetts after the Revolution. In the Federalist Era it was aligned with Federalist sentiment. Until c.
 This Is Our Youth is a 1996 play by American dramatist and screenwriter Kenneth Lonergan.
 Standing for Something: 10 Neglected Virtues That Will Heal Our Hearts and Homes is a self-improvement book by Gordon B. Hinckley the 15th president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The foreword to the book was written by Emmy Award-winning journalist Mike Wallace and it bears endorsements by William J. Bennett Stephen R. Covey and United States Senator Joseph Leiberman.
 The Ghost Map: The Story of London's Most Terrifying Epidemic – and How it Changed Science Cities and the Modern World is a book by Steven Berlin Johnson in which he describes the most intense outbreak of cholera in Victorian London (See 1854 Broad Street cholera outbreak) and what it means to us today from the way we understand cities science disease and the modern world.
 The National Post is a Canadian English-language national newspaper based in Toronto Canada. The paper is owned by Postmedia Network Inc. and is published Mondays through Saturdays. It was founded in 1998 by Conrad Black.
 The Journal of Physical Chemistry A is a scientific journal which reports research on the chemistry of molecules - including their dynamics spectroscopy kinetics structure bonding and quantum chemistry. It is published weekly by the American Chemical Society.Prior to 1997 the title was simply Journal of Physical Chemistry.
 Written in Bone is a novel written by the British crime fiction writer Simon Beckett first published in 2007. It is the second novel to feature Dr. David HunterSet in the Outer Hebrides this crime novel features forensic anthropologist Dr. David Hunter. In this volume he is called in to examine a badly burned body found in a deserted house on a small island while contending with both personal and professional obstacles.
 Intermere is a 1901 utopian novel by William Alexander Taylor. The story concerns the journey of a man lost in a shipwreck and saved by the commander of a hidden ancient country Intermere. The protagonist is instructed in Intermere's superior technology economics and methods of government. Taylor introduces themes on the topics of term limits for politicians the equal distribution of wealth and a system of motivation and reward for scientific advancement.
 The Journal of Functional Programming is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the design implementation and application of functional programming languages spanning the range from mathematical theory to industrial practice. Topics covered include functional languages and extensions implementation techniques reasoning and proof program transformation and synthesis type systems type theory language-based security memory management parallelism and applications.
 Defilers and Preservers: The Wizards of Athas is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Motorcyclist is a motorcycling magazine in the United States. The magazine is headquartered in Irvine California and is published by Bonnier. The former editor in chief Brian Catterson was previously the executive editor at the rival Cycle World. The current editor is Marc Cook a veteran of several motorcycle publications including Motorcyclist.Motorcyclist was sold by the hall of famer Bill Bagnall (also its editor for 20 years) to Petersen Publishing in 1970.
 Web of Dreams was written in 1990 by V. C. Andrews ghostwriter Andrew Neiderman. It is the fifth and final novel in The Casteel Series and serves as a prequel to Heaven.
 Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco is a book about the leveraged buyout (LBO) of RJR Nabisco written by investigative journalists Bryan Burrough and John Helyar. The book is based upon a series of articles written by the authors for The Wall Street Journal. The book was later made into a made-for-TV movie by HBO also called Barbarians at the Gate. The book centers on F.
 Hayat-e-No (Persian: حیات نو‎ New Life in English) was a Persian reformist newspaper published in Iran. It was banned in December 2009.
 Tarzan and the Golden Lion is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the ninth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. It was first published as a seven part serial in Argosy All-Story Weekly beginning in December 1922; and then as a complete novel by A.C. McClurg & Co. on March 24 1923.
 Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Swordsman Romantic Story (Japanese: るろうに剣心 -明治剣客浪漫譚- Hepburn: Rurōni Kenshin Meiji Kenkaku Romantan) also known as Rurouni Kenshin and Samurai X is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nobuhiro Watsuki. The story takes place during the early Meiji period in Japan and follows a former assassin from the Bakumatsu named Himura Kenshin who becomes a wanderer to protect the people of Japan.
 A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush is a 1958 book by the English travel writer Eric Newby. It is an autobiographical account of his adventures in the Hindu Kush around the Nuristan mountains of Afghanistan ostensibly to make the first mountaineering ascent of Mir Samir. It has been described as a comic masterpiece intensely English and understated. Publications including The Guardian and The Telegraph list it among the greatest travel books of all time.
 Evermore is an anthology of short stories about or in honor of Edgar Allan Poe and edited by James Robert Smith and Stephen Mark Rainey. It was released in 2006 by Arkham House in an edition of approximately 2000 copies.
 Winter in June is the third book in the Rosie Winter Mysteries published in 2009. It falls between her books The Winter of Her Discontent and Winter Returns. Haines' heroine is Rosie Winter an actress in World War II 1940s New York City. She uses her connections in the theater world to get her and her best friend Jane parts in a USO tour going to the South Pacific. Rosie and Jane have a reason far beyond entertain the troops in WWII Pacific Theater of Operations.
 Gold is a novel by British author Dan Rhodes published in March 2007 by Canongate. It won the inaugural Clare Maclean Prize for Scottish Fiction and has since been published in four other languages. It was also one of the 'best books of 2007' according to critics at The Independent.
 Mushishi (蟲師) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuki Urushibara. It was serialized in Afternoon Seasons Zōkan from 1999 to 2002 and in Monthly Afternoon from December 2002 to August 2008. The individual chapters were collected and released into ten tankōbon volumes by Kodansha. Those volumes were localized to North America by Del Rey between January 2007 and August 2010.
 The Devil's Secret (アクマのひみつ Akuma no Himitsu) is a Boys Love manga by the Japanese manga artist Hinako Takanaga who also authored Little Butterfly Challengers and The Tyrant Falls in Love. It is licensed in English by 801 Media and in German by Tokyopop Germany.
 McAuslan in the Rough is a collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser featuring a young Scottish soldier named Dand MacNeill. It is a sequel to The General Danced at Dawn and concerns life in a Highland Division after the end of the Second World War.It is slightly more comical in tone than that first collection. It ends with Lieutenant MacNeill and his nemesis Private MacAuslan being discharged from the army on the same day.
 Jarinko Chie (じゃりン子チエ lit. Chie the Brat) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Etsumi Haruki. It was serialized by Futabasha in Manga Action between 1978 and 1997 and collected in 67 bound volumes making it the 26th longest manga released.
 The Jacket is the student newspaper serving the roughly three thousand students of Berkeley High School California. The paper is published every other Friday and is usually sixteen pages long with only the front an back covers in color. There are five sections in the paper: news opinion features entertainment and sports. The staff of the Jacket includes more than one hundred student editors reporters photographers and videographers as well as one faculty adviser.
 The Light and Darkness War is a six-issue comic book limited series written by Tom Veitch and drawn by Cam Kennedy published by Epic Comics an imprint of Marvel Comics.It chronicles the adventures of a disabled Vietnam veteran who is transported to an afterlife dimension in a never-ending war.
 The Insider's Guide to the Colleges is a college educational guide which has been published annually by the student editorial staff of the Yale Daily News for over three decades. It provides insight to prospective undergraduate students using first-hand accounts of attending students as well as an overview of the admissions process.This guidebook offers information about 323 American Institutions of Higher Education.
 Practical Astronomy with your Calculator is a book written by Peter Duffett-Smith a University Lecturer and a Fellow of Downing College. It was first published in 1979 and has been reprinted for over 30 years. The book teaches how to solve astronomical calculations with a pocket calculator. The topics covered in the book are time coordinate systems the Sun the planetary systems binary stars the Moon and eclipses.
 The Man Who Went Up in Smoke (1966) is a novel by Sjöwall and Wahlöö in their detective series revolving around Martin Beck and his team. (Original Swedish title: Mannen som gick upp i rök.)
 Romantic Comedy is a play by Bernard Slade author of Same Time Next Year.The plot focuses on Phoebe Craddock and Jason Carmichael playwrights who meet and decide to collaborate just as he is getting married.
 AnnArbor.com was an online newspaper that covered local news of Ann Arbor Michigan and the surrounding Washtenaw County Michigan. In 2013 AnnArbor.com was transitioned to MLive.com along with Advance Publications other Michigan newspapers and renamed The Ann Arbor News.
 The Last September is a novel by the Anglo-Irish writer Elizabeth Bowen published in 1929 concerning life at the country mansion of Danielstown Cork during the Irish War of Independence.
 The Field of Vision is a 1956 novel by Wright Morris written in the style of High modernism. It won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction in 1957.
 The Soap Lady is a 2001 children's novel by underground comics writer/artist Renee French. It focuses on themes of friendship and acceptance instead of Renee's normal themes of sex and death. It is about a dirty young boy named Rollo who finds a naked woman made out of soap who washed up upon shore. To her normal readers it was quirky to see Renee French write and illustrate a children's book (which originally began as a black comedy book in the disguise of kids' book).
 The Octette Bridge Club is a play by P.J. Barry. Set in Providence Rhode Island it focuses on eight sisters of Irish descent who meet on alternate Friday evenings to play bridge and gossip. The first act which opens with the women posing for a photograph for the Sunday rotogravure section of the local newspaper takes place in October 1934 and the second act is set just prior to Halloween ten years later.
 Amsterdam is a 1998 novel by British writer Ian McEwan. It is a morality tale revolving around a newspaper editor and a composer. McEwan was awarded the 1998 Booker Prize for the novel.
 Forgotten Voices of the Blitz and the Battle of Britain uses material from Imperial War Museum’s sound archive. It was written by Joshua Levine to bring together interviews with people who lived through the Blitz and the Battle of Britain. It features interviews with soldiers airmen fire-fighters air-raid wardens and civilians people in the air and on the ground.
 Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit is a novel by Jeanette Winterson published in 1985 which she subsequently adapted into a BBC television drama of the same name. It is a bildungsroman about a lesbian girl who grows up in an English Pentecostal community.
 Patrick Butler for the Defence first published in 1956 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which features Carr's series detective Patrick Butler (who appeared in only two novels). This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 The Predator published in 1996 and written by K. A. Applegate is the fifth book in the Animorphs series. It is narrated by Marco.
 Body of Lies is an American spy thriller novel by David Ignatius a columnist for The Washington Post. It was published by W. W. Norton in 2007. It was originally titled Penetration but was renamed after Warner Bros. bought the rights in 2006.
 Angel Fire is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger writing as Lisa Miscione. It is the first book featuring Lydia Strong.
 Alien Nine (エイリアン9 Eirian Nain) is a manga series by Hitoshi Tomizawa which was later adapted into an anime OVA series by J.C.Staff. The manga was serialized in Akita Shoten's Young Champion magazine spanning 3 volumes. In 2003 Tomizawa released a 1-volume sequel to the series called Alien 9 Emulators.
 One Clear Call is the ninth novel in Upton Sinclair's Lanny Budd series. First published in 1948 the story covers the period from 1943 to 1944.
 The Leveller was a British political magazine c.1976 to 1982 collectively produced by a shifting coalition of radicals socialists marxists feminists and others of the British left and progressive movements. It was published during the years of the Labour government of James Callaghan and the beginning of the era of the Conservative administration of Margaret Thatcher.
 Double Star is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein first serialized in Astounding Science Fiction (February March April 1956) and published in hardcover the same year. It received the 1956 Hugo Award for Best Novel (his first).
 Crossroads of Twilight (abbreviated as CoT by fans) is the tenth book of The Wheel of Time fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan. It was published by Tor Books and released on January 7 2003. Upon its release it immediately rose to the #1 position on the New York Times hardcover fiction bestseller list making it the third Wheel of Time book to reach the #1 position on that list.
 Beautiful People (Japanese: ビューティフルピープル Hepburn: Byūtifuru Pīpuru) is a drama josei manga by Mitsukazu Mihara. It is a collection of six short stories and was published by Shodensha on October 20 2001.
 Wyatt's Hurricane is a third person narrative thriller novel by English author Desmond Bagley first published in 1966.
 The 34th Rule (ISBN 0-671-00793-9) published January 1 1999 is a Star Trek: Deep Space Nine novel written by Armin Shimerman and David R. George III. The story in the novel was an allegory for the internment of Japanese Americans during the Second World War and was inspired by George Takei's experiences during that period. It had originally been pitched as an episode to Deep Space Nine but was subsequently turned into a novel.
 The Journal of Neuroinflammation is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal covering immunological responses of the nervous system. It was established in 2004 and is published by BioMed Central. The editors-in-chief are Sue T. Griffin (University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences) and Robert E. Mrak (University of Toledo Medical Center).
 All You is a women’s magazine published by Time Inc. and sold at Walmart Sam's Club and via subscription. The monthly magazine was first published in August 2004. All You focuses on value: Each story offers money-saving and/or time-saving tips and the magazine has developed a community of Reality Checkers thousands of women who contribute ideas and tips that appear on many of All You’s pages.
 The Last Letters from Hav is a Booker Prize-shortlisted 1985 novel by Welsh writer Jan Morris. The Last Letters from Hav was republished in 2006 together with Hav of the Myrmidons and an introduction by Ursula K. Le Guin in a collected volume entitled Hav.
 TheJournal.ie is an internet news publication in Ireland. It is a mixture of original and aggregated content in a manner similar to The Huffington Post. The website was founded in early 2010 and is owned by Distilled Media.It was edited by Jennifer O'Connell in 2010–2011 and by Susan Daly since 2011 and employs twenty journalists.
 A-Myin-thit (Burmese: အမြင်သစ်) is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 Just a Pilgrim is a five-issue comic book limited series written by Garth Ennis with art by Carlos Ezquerra and published by Black Bull the short-lived comics publishing division of Wizard Entertainment in 2001. It was followed by a 4 issue sequel entitled Just a Pilgrim: Garden of Eden in 2002.
 Tail of the Moon (月のしっぽ Tsuki no Shippo) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Rinko Ueda. The series began serialization in Margaret magazine in 2002 and ran until 2007. The individual chapters have been collected into fifteen tankōbon volumes by Shueisha; the first on March 25 2003 and the last on August 24 2007. The series has been licensed by Viz Media for an English-language North American release as part of their Shojo Beat imprint.
 The Lesbian Body is a 1973 novel by Monique Wittig. It was translated into English in 1975.
 The World That Couldn't Be is an anthology of science fiction short-stories selected by Galaxy Science Fiction editor H. L. Gold.
 T’oung Pao (traditional Chinese: 通報; simplified Chinese: 通报; pinyin: Tōngbào; Wade–Giles: T'ung-pao; literally public announcement communication) founded in 1890 is the first international journal of sinology. It was originally named T’oung Pao ou Archives pour servir à l’étude de l’histoire des langues la geographie et l’ethnographie de l’Asie Orientale (Chine Japon Corée Indo-Chine Asie Centrale et Malaisie). It is published by the Leiden publisher E. J. Brill.
 Stargate literature comprises the novels and short stories in the Stargate franchise fictional universe (based on either the original Stargate film or the Stargate SG-1 Stargate Atlantis and Stargate Universe television shows) as well as non-fiction devoted to the franchise. Stargate literary works follow no strict continuity with the series or each other and are often considered to be non-canon.
 Steve Jobs is the authorized biography of Steve Jobs. The biography was written at the request of Jobs by Walter Isaacson a former executive at CNN and Time who has written best-selling biographies of Benjamin Franklin and Albert Einstein.Based on more than forty interviews with Jobs conducted over two years—in addition to interviews with more than one hundred family members friends adversaries competitors and colleagues—Isaacson was given unprecedented access to Jobs's life.
 You may be looking for On Wings of Eagles (TV mini-series)On Wings of Eagles is a 1983 thriller novel written by British author Ken Follett. Set against the background of the Iranian revolution it tells the story of the rescue of Paul Chiapparone and Bill Gaylord from prison in Tehran by a team of Electronic Data Systems executives led by retired Col. Arthur D. Simons.The story according to Follett is not fictionalized or a 'non-fiction novel'.
 Storm over Laos a contemporary history was written in 1961 by Prince Sisouk na Champassak. It is written in English. It is a book on Laos from 1945 to 1961. It goes into much detail about the semi non-violent Secret War in Laos. It also talks about the rise of the Pathet Lao from its beginnings as a dusty guerrilla unit.Prince Sisouk not only talks about Laos but also the surrounding struggles of Vietnam and China.
 Ab Har Shaam Niraali Hogi (Hindi: अब हर शाम निराली होगी) is a poetry book written by Krishan Kumar Sharma Rasik in August 2011. This is a Hindi Poetry work consisting of 47 poems based upon romance and sorrow.
 The Efficient Society: Why Canada is as Close to Utopia as it Gets is a popular book by Canadian philosopher and author Joseph Heath. First released in 2001 the book is Heath's attempt to explain why Canada 'works'. He argues that Canada's successes as a nation are largely attributable to its commitment to efficiency as a value. The book was released to positive reviews and became a national best-seller.
 Sept Days is a weekly Chinese language Chinese newspaper in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is the most important Chinese Language media in Montreal. Its most featured column is the portrait interview which is published on the front page. It covers a lot of famous people in almost every field in Canada including political economical academic social educational cultural and a lot more.
 The Film Lives On (フィルムは生きている Firumu wa Ikiteiru) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1958.
 Lotte Weeda is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 2004.
 The Philosophical Review is a quarterly journal of philosophy edited by the faculty of the Sage School of Philosophy at Cornell University and published by Duke University Press (since September 2006). The journal publishes original work in all areas of analytic philosophy but emphasizes material that is of general interest to academic philosophers. Each issue of the journal contains approximately two to four articles along with several book reviews.
 Uncanny Tales is the name of two American science-fiction / horror comic-book series published in the 1950s and the 1970s. The first volume was by Atlas Comics the 1950s precursor of Marvel Comics and the second volume by Marvel. It is also the title of a British comics digest.
 Putin's Progress is a biography written by Peter Truscott about Russian president Vladimir Putin's rise to power. The book was published in January 2004 by New York-based publishers Simon & Schuster.The book deals mainly with Putin's childhood education involvement with the KGB/FSB rise to power and the first few years of his presidency.
 Psychology of Addictive Behaviors is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of the American Psychological Association that publishes original articles related to the psychological aspects of addictive behaviors. The current editor-in-chief is Stephen A. Maisto(Syracuse University).The journal includes articles on the following topics:alcohol and alcoholismdrug use and abuseeating disorderssmoking and nicotine addiction andother excessive behaviors (e.g. gambling sexual addiction)↑
 New Letters the name it has been published under since 1970 is one of the oldest literary magazines in the United States and continues to publish award-winning poems and fiction.
 This page is about the fantasy novel The Dragon Lord. For other uses see Dragon Lord (disambiguation).The Dragon Lord is a historical fantasy or sword and sorcery novel by American writer David Drake. First published in 1979 and revised in 1982 the novel is set in sixth century Arthurian Britain.
 Metro is a glossy monthly lifestyle magazine published in New Zealand by ACP Media. It has a strong focus on the city of Auckland with reportage of issues and society. The magazine was first published independently by Warwick Roger and Bruce Palmer. The timing of Metro's launch coincided with the rapid expansion of the New Zealand economy that occurred from 1984 following the election of the Fourth Labour Government who implemented widespread neoliberal deregulation and economic reform.
 The Playmaker is a novel based in Australia written by the Australian author Thomas Keneally.In 1789 in Sydney Cove the remotest penal colony of the British Empire a group of convicts and one of their captors unite to stage a play. Governor Arthur Phillip presides over the colony where 1st Lt. Ralph Clark sadistic Major Robert Ross (Royal Marines officer) and Midshipman Harry Brewer have a curious effect on the goings-on of the new Australian colony.
 LaMerhav (Hebrew: למרחב‎) was a Hebrew language daily newspaper published in Israel between 1954 and 1971. It was owned by the Ahdut HaAvoda party and later HaKibbutz HaMeuhad and was edited by Yisrael Even-Nur Moshe Carmel and David Padhatzor though most of its articles were written by Yisrael Galili.The paper's first edition was released on 2 June 1954 when it was defined as a political magazine. In December 1954 it became a daily newspaper following the party's separation from Mapam.
 International Journal of Comparative Sociology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Sociology. The journal's editors is David A. Smith (University of California). It has been in publication since 2001 and is published by SAGE Publications.
 The Deep Range is a 1957 Arthur C. Clarke science fiction novel concerning a future sub-mariner who helps farm the seas. The story includes the capture of a sea monster similar to a kraken.It is based on a short story of the same name that was published in April 1954 in Argosy magazine.
 With Red Hands is the second science-fiction alternate history novel by Stephen Woodworth featuring the Violet detective Natalie Lindstrom. It was written in 2004.
 Shabab Yemeni is an independent non-partisan youth newsletter that was established in May 2004 as a response to the needs of Yemeni students living abroad.
 Asta's Book is a 1993 novel by British writer Ruth Rendell written under the name Barbara Vine. It was published in the USA under the title Anna's Book.
 The Dartmouth Undergraduate Journal of Science widely referred to as DUJS is the official science journal of the Dartmouth Undergraduate Organization of the Sciences (DUOS) and Dartmouth College's premiere journal for original scientific research. In May 2001 the DUJS was recognized by Nature Magazine as a model undergraduate science journal.The DUJS features a quarterly publication in print and weekly science news articles available online.
 Charlie Hebdo (French pronunciation: ​[ʃaʁli ɛbdo]; French for Charlie Weekly) is a French satirical weekly newspaper featuring cartoons reports polemics and jokes. Irreverent and stridently non-conformist in tone the publication is strongly antireligious and left-wing publishing articles on the extreme right Catholicism Islam Judaism politics culture etc.
 Barabbas is a 1950 novel by Pär Lagerkvist. It tells a version of the life of Barabbas the man whom the Bible relates was released instead of Jesus. The novel is built on antithesis: Jesus dies first among the three crucified – Barabbas dies last. Jesus dies among several of his friends – Barabbas dies alone. Jesus talks to God – Barabbas talks to the darkness. The novel starts with Jesus' crucifixion and ends with Barabbas' crucifixion in Rome.
 For the Union Dead is a book of poems by Robert Lowell that was published by Farrar Straus & Giroux in 1964. It was Lowell's sixth book.Notable poems from the collection include Beyond the Alps' (a revised version of the poem that originally appeared in Lowell's book Life Studies) Water The Old Flame The Public Garden and the title poem which is one of Lowell's best-known poems.
 No They Can't: Why Government Fails — But Individuals Succeed is a 2012 book by John Stossel the American consumer reporter investigative journalist author and libertarian columnist. It was published on April 10 2012 and focuses on what Stossel sees as the failures of government intervention.
 Donkeys' Years is a play by English playwright Michael Frayn that premiered at the Globe Theatre London in 1976.The play is a West End farce a genre that Frayn parodied five years later in his play within a play Nothing On from Noises Off.In Donkeys' Years six former students spend the weekend at their old university college for their 25th year reunion.
 Clinical Nursing Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed nursing journal covering the field of clinical nursing. The editor-in-chief is Pamela Z. Cacchione (University of Pennsylvania). It was established in 1992 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Shadow in the Mirror is a crime novel by the American writer Robert Aiello set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The story opens when an identical twin⎯a flame from Grant Montgomery’s past⎯reenters his life and he is soon implicated in the murder of the twins’ father an old friend and mentor.
 The Nigerian Tribune is an English-language newspaper published in Ibadan in Nigeria.It was established in 1949 by Obafemi Awolowo and is the oldest surviving private Nigerian newspaper.In the colonial era the newspaper served as the mouthpiece for Awolowo's populist welfare programmes.
 Cross Days (クロスデイズ Kurosu Deizu) is a Japanese erotic visual novel developed by 0verflow released on March 19 2010 for Windows and later ported as a DVD game and for the PlayStation Portable (PSP). The story a dramatic slice-of-life follows the life of Yuuki Ashikaga a high school student who becomes the ambivalent love-interest of two girls during his second term and the effects this has on himself and his relationships with other characters.
 Daredevil/Bullseye: The Target is an unfinished limited series comic book from Marvel Comics featuring the superhero Daredevil in pursuit of nemesis the assassin Bullseye. The series was written by Kevin Smith with illustrations by Glenn Fabry. It is known for being quite delayed with the first issue coming out in November 2002 and the second issue never being released.
 The Moorchild is a novel by Eloise McGraw that centers on the life of a changeling girl. The novel draws heavily on Irish and European folklore about changelings leprechauns and fairies.
 Women & Health is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal established in 1976. It covers research in the field of women's health. The editor-in-chief is Ellen B. Gold (University of California Davis).
 A Buyer's Market is the second novel in Anthony Powell's twelve-novel series A Dance to the Music of Time. Published in 1952 it continues the story of narrator Nick Jenkins with his introduction into society after boarding school and university.The book presents new characters notably the painter Mr. Deacon and his dubious female acquaintance Gypsy Jones as well as reappearances by Jenkins' school friends Peter Templer Charles Stringham and Kenneth Widmerpool.
 Scandia is an academic journal for history which has been published since 1928 when it was established by the Swedish historian Lauritz Weibull (1873-1960). The journal which has a Scandinavian scope has always been affiliated with the Department of History at Lund University.The first volumes of the journal which have come into the public domain are available online as scans and OCR text at Projekt Runeberg.
 Guangzhou Ribao (Chinese: 广州日报; Pinyin: Guǎngzhōu Rìbào) is the official newspaper of the Guangzhou municipal party committee published by the Guangzhou Daily Newspaper Group. The daily newspaper was established on December 1 1952.
 Tucket's Ride is the third novel in The Tucket Adventures by Gary Paulsen. Now two years after Francis Tucket was abducted by the Pawnee and then saved by the Mountain Man Jason Grimes. He is now trying to get to Oregon via Mexico and gets tangled with armies pursuing the Mexican War. It was published in 1997 by Random House.It was later turned into a five-part omnibus entitled Tucket's Travels along with the rest of the novels in The Tucket Adventures by Random House and released in 2003.
 Greybeard is a science fiction novel by British author Brian Aldiss published in 1964.
 Man from Mundania the twelfth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony concludes the trilogy of Vale of the Vole and Heaven Cent.
 Witch & Wizard: The Gift is the second novel of the Witch & Wizard series written by James Patterson & Ned Rust. It was released on November 4 2010.
 The Girl on the Stairs is the 5th psychological crime thriller by Scottish author Louise Welsh. The book was first published in 2012 by publisher John Murray (publisher). Welsh's first novel The Cutting Room won several literary prizes.
 Evelina or the History of a Young Lady's Entrance into the World is a novel written by English author Fanny Burney and first published in 1778. It was first published anonymously but its authorship was revealed by the poet George Huddesford in what Burney called a vile poem.In this 3-volume epistolary novel title character Evelina is the unacknowledged but legitimate daughter of a dissipated English aristocrat thus raised in rural seclusion until her 17th year.
 The Preserving Machine is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Ace Books in 1969 as part of their Ace Science Fiction Specials series. The stories had originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Galaxy Science Fiction Beyond Fantasy Fiction If Amazing Stories Planet Stories Worlds of Tomorrow Imagination and Satellite.
 Dinero (Spanish: Money) is a Colombian-based monthly business and magazine. Founded in 1993 it is Colombia's first and foremost financial and business-news magazine regularly featuring corporate profiles market trends economic analyses interviews and investigative reports.
 Secrecy is a 1998 novel and New York Times bestseller by Belva Plain. It tells the story of Charlotte a little girl from the Dawes family whose adolescence life was shatterded after she was raped by Ted her uncle's stepson.
 Prayers to Broken Stones is a short story anthology by the American author Dan Simmons. It includes 13 of his earlier works along with an introduction by Harlan Ellison in which the latter relates how he discovered Dan Simmons at the Colorado Mountain College's Writers' Conference in the Rockies in 1981. The title is a borrowed line from T. S. Eliot's The Hollow Men.
 Molecular & Cellular Proteomics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 2002 and published by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
 William - The Detective is a book in the Just William series written ny James Panday gh it originally contained eleven: The eleventh entitled William and the Nasties was removed from the book later on because though ultimately anti-Nazi it was considered inappropriate after the Holocaust (it has been retained however in the Israeli edition)[citation needed].
 Mélusine is a Belgian comic strip created by artist Clarke and writer Gilson and features short humorous stories that centre around the life of a young witch who lives as an au pair in a castle and studies at a witches’ school.The strip first appeared in Spirou magazine in 1992. Since 1995 her adventures have been published in book form by Dupuis — the 17th album coming out in 2009. Four albums have been published in English by Cinebook
 Barbara Ikai (バルバラ異界 Barubara Ikai also known as Otherworld Barbara in English) is a science fiction manga by Moto Hagio. It is set in a near-future Japan and begins with a girl Jyujo Aoba who has been in a coma since she was nine years old who was discovered next to her parents' bodies with their hearts inside her stomach. To discover why she killed her parents a specialist enters her coma dreams and finds that Jyujo is dreaming about and simultaneously creating the future.
 The British Journal of Diabetes and Vascular Disease is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Cardiovascular Medicine. The journal's editors are Clifford J Bailey (Aston University) Ian Campbell (Victoria Hospital) and Christoph Schindler (Dresden University of Technology). It has been in publication since 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Early Asimov or Eleven Years of Trying is a 1972 collection of short stories by Isaac Asimov. Each story is accompanied by commentary by the author who gives details about his life and his literary achievements in the period in which he wrote the story effectively amounting to a sort of autobiography for the years 1938 to 1949. (The book was followed by Buy Jupiter and Other Stories in 1975.)
 Indonesia Raya was an Indonesian newspaper co-founded in 1949 by Mochtar Lubis. Before its permanent closure in 1974 it was banned numerous times by both the Sukarno and Suharto governments.
 Jeremy Clarkson on Ferrari is a non-fiction book published in 2000 written by British journalist and television presenter Jeremy Clarkson. The book covered every model made by Ferrari up to the Ferrari 360 Modena accompanied by colour photographs.
 Journal of Natural and Applied Sciences (Turkish: Süleyman Demirel Üniversitesi Fen Bilimleri Enstitüsü dergisi) is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal affiliated with the SDU Institute of Natural and Applied Sciences. The journal was founded in 1995.The journal is abstracted in Zentralblatt MATH Chemical Abstract CAB Abstract and EBSCO Host.
 Golf Magazine is a monthly golf magazine owned by Time Inc.. It was started in April 1959 by Universal Publishing and Distributing who sold it to Times Mirror in 1972. Time Inc. acquired it in 2000. It was the world's most widely read golf publication from August 2006 to January 2007. The magazine is for golfers of all skill levels.
 Verve is an Indian monthly fashion and lifestyle magazine for women. It was launched in 1995 and is published and edited by Anuradha Mahindra wife of industrialist Anand Mahindra. The magazine's main focus is on women's lifestyle trends fashion business and topics on Bollywood. It covers national & international fashion interviews famous business people and covers topics on latest fashion & designs.
 The Wright 3 is a 2006 children's mystery novel written by Blue Balliett and illustrated by Brett Helquist. It was released in Spring 2006 and is the sequel to the children's novel Chasing Vermeer. It chronicles how Calder Petra and Tommy strive to save the Robie House in their neighborhood Hyde Park Chicago.
 Journalism & Communication Monographs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of journalism and mass communication. The editor-in-chief is Paul Lester (California State University). It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication.
 The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows 1946–Present is a trade paperback reference work by the American television researchers Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh first published by Ballantine Books in 1979. That first edition won a 1980 U.S. National Book Award in the one-year category General Reference (paperback).The ninth edition came out in 2007 (ISBN 978-0-345-49773-4).
 The Kasaragod Vartha is a local newspaper published in the town of Kasaragod in the Indian state of Kerala. It has a wide range of coverage in the entire district Kasaragod. Its offices are located in the Press Club building in Kasaragod.
 Silent Möbius (サイレントメビウス Sairento Mebiusu) is a twelve-volume manga a 26-episode anime series and a pair of motion pictures created by manga artist Kia Asamiya. Both anime versions have been licensed by Bandai Entertainment.
 The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion is a 2012 social psychology book by Jonathan Haidt. In it Haidt describes human morality as it relates to politics and religion.
 El Naveghable is a Chilean regional electronic newspaper published dealing with the city of Valdivia and Los Ríos Region.
 International Journal of Art and Design Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal published thrice annually by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The National Society for Education in Art and Design (NSEAD). The journal was established in 1982 as the Journal of Art & Design Education and became the International Journal of Art & Design in 2002.
 Utne Reader (aka Utne) is a bimonthly American magazine that collects and reprints articles on politics culture and the environment generally from alternative media sources including journals newsletters weeklies zines music and DVDs.The magazine's writers and editors contribute books film and music reviews and original articles which tend to focus on emerging cultural trends.
 Graceling is a young adult fantasy novel by Kristin Cashore and her literary debut.The book earned a place on the Publishers Weekly Best Books of the Year for 2008 and received generally favorable reviews. It was followed by a companion book entitled Fire and a sequel Bitterblue which takes place eight years after the events in Graceling was published on May 1 2012 by Dial an imprint of Penguin Young Readers Group.
 The Chinese Maze Murders is a gong'an historical mystery novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China.
 The Penelopiad is a novella by Margaret Atwood. It was published in 2005 as part of the first set of books in the Canongate Myth Series where contemporary authors rewrite ancient myths. In The Penelopiad Penelope reminisces on the events during the Odyssey life in Hades Odysseus Helen and her relationships with her parents. A chorus of the twelve maids whom Odysseus believed were disloyal and whom Telemachus hanged interrupt Penelope's narrative to express their view on events.
 The Lost Squire of Inglewood is an Adventure story book of Thomas Jackson published in 1905 by Thomas Nelson and Sons Ltd..
 Tai-Madō Gakuen 35 Shiken Shōtai (対魔導学園35試験小隊 AntiMagic Academy The 35th Test Platoon) is a Japanese light novel series written by Tōki Yanagimi and illustrated by Kippu. As of April 2014 six volumes have been published by Fujimi Shobo under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint. A manga adaptation with art by Sutarō Hanao started serialization in Fujimi Shobo's shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age in 2012. An anime adaptation has been announced.
 The Fourth of June is the first novel by David Benedictus.The novel was considered controversial when published in 1962 as it describes scenes of violent bullying at Eton College unrestrained class warfare and suggestions of schoolboy sexuality. It has some parallels with Tom Brown's Schooldays. It was adapted into a drama produced in London in 1964 at the St Martin's Theatre.
 Spy in Chancery is a spy novel by Kenneth Benton set in Rome during the Cold War in the 1970s. The book begins with a foreword by novelist Michael Gilbert and is the third novel to feature Overseas Police Adviser Peter Craig. Craig travels to Rome for a conference and is caught up in investigating a spy at the British Embassy.
 il Resto del Carlino is an Italian local newspaper based in Bologna and is one of the oldest newspapers in Italy. Its rather evocative name means the change you get from a Carlino the smallest part of the Papal bajocco which was legal tender at the time when a sheet of local news was given out in shops to make up for any change owing after buying a cigar. It is indirectly owned by a group of Italian industrialists and reflects their political stance.
 Fast Folk Musical Magazine (originally known as The CooP) was a combination magazine and record album published from February 1982 to 1997. The magazine acted as a songwriter/performer cooperative and was an outlet for singer-songwriters to release their first recordings.
 The Computer Underground Digest (CuD) was a weekly online newsletter on early Internet cultural social and legal issues published by Gordon Meyer and Jim Thomas from March 1990 to March 2000.
 Stardust is a novel by Neil Gaiman usually published with illustrations by Charles Vess. Stardust has a different tone and style from most of Gaiman's prose fiction being consciously written in the tradition of pre-Tolkien English fantasy following in the footsteps of authors such as Lord Dunsany and Hope Mirrlees.
 The Significance of Monuments: On the Shaping of Human Experience in Neolithic and Bronze Age Europe is an archaeological book authored by the English academic Richard Bradley of the University of Reading.
 Welt am Sonntag (World on Sunday) is a German national Sunday newspaper published by Axel Springer AG and established in 1948. Its head office is in Berlin and it has local editions for Berlin Hamburg Munich and Düsseldorf.It is the Sunday edition of the weekday Die Welt.
 Marrying Buddha is the second novel by Chinese author Wei Hui and is a sequel to her first published novel Shanghai Baby.
 Princess Ai (プリンセス·アイ物語 Purinsesu Ai Monogatari lit. The Story of Princess Ai) is a manga co-created by Courtney Love Ai Yazawa Misaho Kujiradou and DJ Milky (a pen name for Stu Levy) and is published in English by Tokyopop.
 The God Stealer is a short story by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José. It is José's most anthologized work of fiction. It is not just a tale about an Ifugao stealing a religious idol but also about the friendship that developed between a Filipino and an American a representation of the relationship that developed between the colonized and the colonizer. The story was a first prize winner during the 1959 Palanca awards in the Philippines.
 The Agony and the Ecstasy (1961) is a biographical novel of Michelangelo Buonarroti written by American author Irving Stone. Stone lived in Italy for years visiting many of the locations in Rome and Florence worked in marble quarries and apprenticed himself to a marble sculptor. A primary source for the novel is Michelangelo's correspondence all 495 letters of which Stone had translated from Italian by Charles Speroni and published in 1962 as I Michelangelo Sculptor.
 The Machinery of Freedom is a 1973 nonfiction book by David D. Friedman which argues for an anarcho-capitalist society.
 Druk Yoedzer (DY) is a private newspaper in Bhutan. It is a Dzongkha-English weekly newspaper (Saturday). It was founded by Lobzang Dorji & Sonam Rinchen and its was launched on 19 February 2011. As Bhutan has begun developing its private media sector Druk Yoedzer is also one that has been recently opened.Druk Yoedzer- a weekly paper was launched on 19 February 2011 and it is the eighth newspaper in the country.
 Backstage Prince (極付 楽屋裏王子 Kiwametsuke - Gakuya Ura Ōji) is a manga by Kanoko Sakurakoji. Was serialized in Shogakukan's manga magazine Betsucomi in 2004 and 2005 and collected in two bound volumes. It is licensed in North America by Viz Media which serialized it in Shojo Beat magazine from October 2006 to March 2007.
 Tony Hale Space Detective is a juvenile science fiction novel the fifteenth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1973.This and all subsequent books in the series focused on either Earth or local planetary adventures as technology to explore further afield could not be justified by Walters.Tony Hale was first introduced as a character in Moon Base One and this is the only book to bear one of the main characters in the title.
 Nothing Lasts Forever is a 1994 novel by Sidney Sheldon.This medical thriller tells the story of three female doctors trying to prove themselves in a profession dominated by men. Each of them has their own story and each of their tales are well connected and intertwined with each other. But suddenly there is chaos one dies another is about to get the hospital shut down and the third faces the death penalty for murder. The novel follows a twisty plot with a typical Sheldon surprise ending.
 The Autobiography of a Flea is an anonymous erotic novel first published in 1887 in London by Edward Avery. Later research has revealed that the author was a London lawyer of the time named Stanislas de Rhodes.The story is narrated by a flea who tells the tale of a beautiful young girl named Bella whose burgeoning sexuality is taken advantage of by her young lover Charlie the local priest Father Ambrose two of his colleagues in holy orders and her own uncle.
 An Australian play written by playwright Beatrix Christian which tells the story of Evelyn Carr. who leaves her home town to come to Blackrock to work for Blue a children's writer. Acting as mentor Blue leads Evelyn on a journey of self-discovery that is magical sensuous and frightening (5 acts 2 men 4 women).
 The Journal of Cognitive Engineering and Decision Making is a triannualpeer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on human cognition and the application of this to the design and development of system interfaces and automation. Its editor-in-chief is Amy Pritchett (Georgia Institute of Technology). It was established in 2007 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
 The Spectacles is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe published in 1844. It is one of Poe's comedy tales.
 The New Century Family Money Book is a 1993 financial security self-help book by Jonathan D. Pond. It was first published on March 1 1993 through Dell Publishing and covers topics such as home ownership college investing careers insurance retirement and income tax and estate planning.The Chicago Sun-Times gave a positive review for the book upon its release and noted that it covers every personal and family financial concern from basic investing to college aid formulas.
 Borderline was a comics magazine created by former Comics International news and features editor Phil Hall which was published from 2001–2003. Borderline was the first PDF comics magazine available to read on a computer or as a print-out.[citation needed]Borderline was a cross between The Comics Journal and the NME[citation needed] with a heavy mix of mainstream American/British and international comic books.
 This article is about the novel. For the film based on the novel see Les Enfants Terribles (film). For other uses see Les Enfants Terribles (disambiguation).Les Enfants Terribles is a 1929 novel by Jean Cocteau published by Editions Bernard Grasset. It concerns two siblings Elisabeth and Paul who isolate themselves from the world as they grow up; this isolation is shattered by the stresses of their adolescence.
 Human Immunology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier.
 Dead Lines (2005) is a science fiction novel written by Greg Bear. Peter Russell formerly a successful director of soft-porn films is in a career slump unable to compete with the new market for hardcore pornography.
 The Mirror of Love is an epic poem by Alan Moore written in the form of a romantic letter. Sappho Michelangelo Shakespeare Emily Dickinson Oscar Wilde and many others are woven into this rich visceral piece which documents the history of same-sex love throughout mankind's history and comments on its modern day state.
 Bilbolbul is an Italian comic strip series created by Attilio Mussino.
 The Heirs of Hammerfell is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published by in hardcover by DAW Books in 1989. The book takes place during the era of Darkover's history known as the Hundred Kingdoms. This is the last book in the Darkover series written entirely by Bradley without the assistance of a co-author.
 Tom Swift and His Giant Cannon or The Longest Shots on Record is Volume 16 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Nature and Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books that covers the historical and contemporary relationships that societies have with nature. The editors-in-chief are Sing C. Chew and Matthias Gross. The publication themes include cultural reactions and conceptions of nature ecological restoration ecological time as well as political and socio-technical arrangements of landscapes.
 Evolution & Development is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing material at the interface of evolutionary and developmental biology. Within evolutionary developmental biology it has the aim of aiding a broader synthesis of biological thought in these two areas.
 Tell Me How Long the Train's Been Gone is James Baldwin's fourth novel first published in 1968.
 Song in the Silence (1997) is the debut novel of Elizabeth Kerner and the first book in the Kolmar series.
 Freedom in Exile: The Autobiography of the Dalai Lama is the second autobiography of the 14th Dalai Lama released in 1991. The Dalai Lama's first autobiography My Land and My People was published in 1962 a few years after he reestablished himself in India and before he became an international celebrity. He regards both of the autobiographies as authentic and re-issued My Land and My People in 1997 to coincide with the release of the film Kundun.
 Wither is a 1999 supra-natural novel about ghosts and witches by John Passarella and Joseph Gangemi writing under the pseudonym J.G. Passerella. Wither was nominated for an International Horror Guild Award and won the Horror Writers Association's Bram Stoker Award for First Novel in 1999. Wither was later followed by the sequels Wither's Rain Wither's Curse and Wither's Legacy.
 The Monterey County Herald sometimes referred to as the Monterey Herald is the major daily newspaper published in Monterey California and serving Monterey County. The paper is owned by MediaNews Group.
 Moves was a wargaming magazine originally published by SPI (Simulations Publications Inc.) who also published manual wargames. Their flagship magazine Strategy & Tactics (S&T) was a military history magazine featuring a new wargame in each issue. While S&T was devoted to historical articles Moves focused on the play of the games. Each issue carried articles dealing with strategies for different wargames tactical tips and many variants and scenarios for existing games.
 Eternity in Death (2007) is a novel written by J. D. Robb. It is one of the few In Death stories to incorporate elements of the supernatural. It takes place before Creation in Death
 Hora Sara is an ancient treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology; it is written in Sanskrit Sloka – format. Its author Prithuyasas was the son of Varahamihira (505–587 CE) who at certain places even contradicts his father; for example in respect of Vihaga yoga a Nabhasa yoga that arises when all planets occupy the 4th and the 10th he has assigned auspicious results.
 The Dancing Girl of Izu or The Izu Dancer (伊豆の踊子 Izu no odoriko) is a 1926 short story by the Japanese writer and Nobel Prize winner Yasunari Kawabata. The short story was first translated into English by Edward Seidensticker and published in an abridged form as The Izu Dancer in The Atlantic Monthly in 1955.
 Casey Ruggles is a Western comic strip written and drawn by Warren Tufts. The Sunday strip was launched 22 May 1949. Four months later the daily strip began September 19 1949.
 MCV is a United Kingdom-based trade magazine which focuses on business aspects of the video game industry including game retailing. It is published every Friday and is available online or via print subscription. It is not available in shops.MCV and Japanese video game magazine Famitsu have an exclusive partnership which sees news and content from each magazine appear in the other. Its sister magazine aimed more directly at developers is Develop.
 Debjan is a Bengali novel written by Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay. The work is a fiction and deals with life after death.The name Debjan is derived from the Sanskrit word Devyaan which literally translated as the path of Gods. This is the path of no return i.e. a soul traversing this path will be liberated according to the ancient Indian scriptures. The description of this path occurs in Upanishads and also in Gita. The other path is known as Pitr Yaan.
 Corsair is a fantasy novel written by Chris Bunch and published in 2001. It features Gareth Radnor an honorable young man whose parents were killed by Linyati slavers found himself to became a captain of a ship Steadfast after the death of its former captain.
 The Eudaemonic Pie is a 1985 book by American author Thomas A. Bass about a group of University of California Santa Cruz physics graduate students (known as the Eudaemons) who in the late 1970s and early 1980s designed and employed miniaturized computers hidden in specially modified platform soled shoes to help predict the outcome of casino roulette games.
 Sociologia Ruralis is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering social-science research on rural areas and related issues with a focus on social political and cultural aspects of rural development including class economics government and poverty.
 Studies in Family Planning is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Population Council. The journal was established in 1963. Its current editor-in-chief is John Bongaarts.
 The Resistance is a children's novel by Gemma Malley published in 2008.It is a sequel to the book The Declaration which is set in the year 2140.It is followed by The Legacy published in 2010.
 The Wednesday Wars is a 2007 young adult historical fiction novel written by Gary D. Schmidt the author of Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy. The novel is set in suburban Long Island during the 1967–68 school year. The Vietnam War is an important backdrop for the novel. Holling Hoodhood the protagonist is a twelve-year-old boy who has entered 7th grade that year. This novel was given a Newbery Honor medal in 2008.
 Unless first published by Fourth Estate an imprint of Harper Collins in 2002 is the final novel by Canadian writer Carol Shields. Semi-autobiographical it was the capstone to Shields's writing career: she died shortly after its publication in 2003. The work was widely acclaimed and nominated for the Booker Prize the Giller Prize the Governor General's Award the Orange Prize for Fiction and received the Ethel Wilson Fiction Prize.
 A Moveable Feast is a memoir by American author Ernest Hemingway about his years in Paris as part of the expatriate writers in the 1920s. The book describes Hemingway's apprenticeship as a young writer in Europe (especially in Paris) while married to his first wife Hadley. Some of the people featured in the book include Aleister Crowley Ezra Pound F.
 No Place Like Earth (ISBN 978-0-9740589-0-0) is a collection of science fiction short stories by John Wyndham published in July 2003 by Darkside Press.The collection contains the following short stories: Derelict of Space (first published in Wanderers of Time) Time to Rest (available in The Seeds of Time) No Place Like Earth (first published in Exiles on Asperus) In Outer Space There Shone a Star But a Kind of a Ghost The Cathedral Crypt A Life Postponed Technical Slip (first published in Jizzle) Una (first published in Jizzle) It's a Wise Child Pillar to Post (first published in The Seeds of Time) The Stare Time Stops Today The Meddler Blackmoil A Long Spoon (first published in Consider Her Ways and Others)
 The Claw of Crestwater Shores is the first whodunnit mystery in the Stark Files series made by author R.C. Erickson. It is about a string of thefts in the Crestwater Shores resort linked to a mysterious entity known as the Claw. Bobby and Brandon Stark after being invited by a friend of Russ are plunged headfirst into a resort of mystery suspicion and danger.
 Pop Express was a former Yugoslav music magazine.
 The Staten Island Advance is a daily newspaper published in the borough of Staten Island in New York City. The only daily newspaper published in the borough and the only borough to have its own major daily paper it covers news of local and community interest including borough politics. As of April 25 2007 Monday-Friday circulation was down 3.9% from the previous year to 59461. Sunday dropped 4.6% to 73203. It is the namesake and nominal flagship publication of Advance Publications.
 Robots Have No Tails is a 1952 collection of science fiction short stories by Lewis Padgett (pseudonym of Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore). It was first published by Gnome Press in 1952 in an edition of 4000 copies. The stories all originally appeared in the magazine Astounding.It has been reprinted three times: In 1973 by Lancer books with an introduction by C.L.
 The Märkische Allgemeine (also known as the MAZ) is a regional daily newspaper published by the Märkische Verlags- und Druckgesellschaft mbH for the area in and around the state capital of Brandenburg Potsdam in Germany.The newspaper was created in 1946 by the merger of Volkswille and Der Märker and took on its current name on German Unity Day 3 October 1990.
 Den of Thieves is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Understood Betsy is a 1916 novel for children by Dorothy Canfield Fisher.
 Iriya no Sora UFO no Natsu (イリヤの空、UFOの夏 lit. Iriya's Sky Summer of the UFOs) is a Japanese sci-fi light novel series written by Mizuhito Akiyama with illustrations by Eeji Komatsu that centers on the relationship between Kana Iriya a high school girl who has to fight alien invaders and Naoyuki Asaba a member of the school newspaper club and one of her few friends.
 Leven Thumps and the Eyes of the Want is a fantasy novel by Obert Skye that traces the journeys of Leven a seemingly ordinary boy from Burnt Culvert Oklahoma and Winter Frore a neglected girl as they continue their journey in the land of Foo.
 The Justice of God in the Damnation of Sinners is a sermon by American Christian theologian reformer author and pastor Jonathan Edwards originally published in 1734 that uses the text of Romans 3:19 as its basis.
 The Hidden Family is the second book of Charles Stross' alternate history science fiction series The Merchant Princes. It completes the story begun in The Family Trade (2004); the two were originally written as one novel.[citation needed] They are followed by The Clan Corporate (2006) the first part of the second story.
 The Ashburton Guardian is a daily newspaper published in Ashburton New Zealand according to the Audit Bureau of Circulation in New Zealand it has a readership of approximately 11000 and a circulation of 5554.The newspaper was a member of the now defunct New Zealand Press Association.According to the Newspaper Publishers Association of New Zealand the Ashburton Guardian was first published in September 1879.
 David Mitchell: Back Story is an autobiography by the British actor comedian and writer David Mitchell. The book was published in October 2012.
 Acta Biomaterialia is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It is published on behalf of Acta Materialia Inc. and is sponsored by ASM International and The Minerals Metals & Materials Society. The journal was established in January 2005. The editor-in-chief is W.R. Wagner (University of Pittsburgh). The journal covers research in biomaterials science including the interrelationship of biomaterial structure and function from macroscale to nanoscale.
 Zones is a 1997 young-adult science fiction novel by Damien Broderick & Rory Barnes. It follows the story of Jenny who receives a phone call from another year.
 African Natural History is a scientific journal published by Iziko Museums (Cape Town). It takes the place of the Annals of the South African Museum which has been discontinued.
 Ascent of the A-Word: Assholism the First Sixty Years is a 2012 book by American linguist Geoffrey Nunberg which analyzes the history of the epithet asshole. While his account of its origin differs from others' his treatment of its recent history is solid.
 Concluding Unscientific Postscript to the Philosophical Fragments (Danish: Afsluttende uvidenskabelig Efterskrift til de philosophiske Smuler) is a major work by Søren Kierkegaard. The work is a poignant attack against Hegelianism the philosophy of G. W. F. Hegel. The work is also famous for its dictum Subjectivity is Truth. It was an attack on what Kierkegaard saw as Hegel's deterministic philosophy.
 The Boys in the Band is a play by Mart Crowley. The off-Broadway production directed by Robert Moore opened on April 14 1968 at Theater Four where it ran for more than 1000 performances. The cast included Kenneth Nelson as Michael Peter White as Alan Leonard Frey as Harold Cliff Gorman as Emory Frederick Combs as Donald Laurence Luckinbill as Hank Keith Prentice as Larry Robert La Tourneaux as Cowboy and Reuben Greene as Bernard.
 Moments of Being is a collection of posthumously-published autobiographical essays by Virginia Woolf. The collection was first found in the papers of her husband used by Quentin Bell in Woolf's biography published in 1972. In 1976 they were edited for publication by Jeanne Schulkind. The second edition was published in 1985. The original texts are now housed at Sussex University and in the British Library in London.
 Galaxy Angel II (ギャラクシーエンジェルII Gyarakushī Enjeru Tsū) is a sequel to the games anime and manga franchise of Galaxy Angel and is the continuation of BROCCOLI's Project G.A..
 Native Tongue is a novel by Carl Hiaasen published in 1991. Like all his novels it is set in Florida. The themes of the novel include corruption environmentalism exploitation of endangered species and animal rights.
 Denied Invasion is the debut novel by the Italian writer Angelo Tumino (Venice April 28 1973). Published in 2010 the book has sold 50000 copies and attracted a lot of feeling among the public for stark realism with which it deals with the relationship between Italians and foreigners in the slums of large cities. The author was accused of racism and had to be escorted by police during subsequent presentations and conferences.Angelo Tumino is the first gondolier-writer.
 Brother Sebastian is the title of a cartoon series by Chon Day.The series began in 1954 in the magazine Look where it ran for years.
 Book Girl (文学少女 Bungaku Shōjo lit. Literature Girl) is a collection of Japanese light novels by Mizuki Nomura with illustrations by Miho Takeoka. The series contains 16 volumes: eight cover the original series four are short story collections and four are of a side story. The novels were published between April 2006 and April 2011 by Enterbrain under their Famitsu Bunko imprint. Yen Press licensed the light novel series and began releasing it in English in North America in July 2010.
 Our Everlasting (形而上なぼくら Keijijou na Bokura) is a yaoi manga series by Toko Kawai published by Biblos and licensed by Digital Manga Publishing.
 Secret Chaser (シークレットチェイサー Shiikurettocheisaa) is a Japanese manga is written and illustrated by Tamayo Akiyama. The manga is licensed for an English-language release in North America by Tokyopop licensed for a French-language release in France.
 The White Body of Evening is a 2002 horror novel by A. L. McCann. It is set in late 19th century Melbourne where a family is facing a degenerating marriage and the children exposed to the city's possibilities.
 Mazer in Prison is a story by Orson Scott Card set in his Ender's Game universe. It tells the story of how Mazer Rackham and Hyrum Graff started Battle School. It appears in Card's Webzine InterGalactic Medicine Show.
 Death to the French is a 1932 novel of the Peninsular War during the Napoleonic Wars written by C. S. Forester the author of the Horatio Hornblower novels. It was also published in the United States under the title Rifleman Dodd.
 Kinema Junpo (キネマ旬報 Kinema Junpō) commonly called Kinejun (キネ旬) is a Japanese film magazine which began publication in July 1919. It was first published three times a month using the Japanese Jun (旬) system of dividing months into three parts but the postwar Kinema Junpō has been published twice a month.The magazine was founded by a group of four students including Saburō Tanaka at the Tokyo Institute of Technology (Tokyo Technical High School at the time).
 iCon: Steve Jobs The Greatest Second Act in the History of Business is an unauthorized biography by Jeffrey S. Young and William L. Simon about the return of Steve Jobs to Apple Inc in 1996. It was published in 2005.The book's title is a double entendre with one connotation that of Jobs as an icon with attributes to be admired while carrying the negative interpretation as I-(am a)-Con as in a con man criticized for charisma used in harmful ways such as the reality distortion field.
 Dharmarajyam is a collection of essays written by Malayalam language writer Vaikom Muhammad Basheer. These politically charged essays were written against the policies of the then Diwan of Travancore Sir C. P. Ramaswami Iyer. The book was published in 1938 and was Basheer's first published book. The book was banned by the Travancore government in the same year. It is said that Basheer himself got these printed and sold them at local shops and households going on foot.
 The Oxford Journal of Archaeology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the School of Archaeology University of Oxford. It was established in 1982 and the editors-in-chief are Nicholas Purcell Barry Cunliffe Helena Hamerow and Chris Gosden (University of Oxford).
 Being and Nothingness: An Essay on Phenomenological Ontology (French: L'Être et le néant : Essai d'ontologie phénoménologique) sometimes subtitled A Phenomenological Essay on Ontology is a 1943 book by philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre. Sartre's main purpose is to assert the individual's existence as prior to the individual's essence.
 Urbane Magazine was a lifestyle magazine run by undergraduate students at the University of Toronto in Toronto Canada. It covered fashion design politics and local culture.It was modelled after Tyler Brûlé's magazine Monocle.
 Undead and Undermined is the tenth book in the Undead series by MaryJanice Davidson. It was released on July 5 2011.
 The Curse of the Wendigo is a 2010 young adult horror novel by Rick Yancey. It was first published on October 12 2010 through Simon & Schuster and is the second book in Yancey's Monstrumologist series.
 The Encyclopedia of Mormonism is a semi-official encyclopedia for topics relevant to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (the LDS Church; see also Mormon). It is now available free on-line.
 Versed is a book of poetry written by Rae Armantrout and published by Wesleyan University Press in 2009 (see 2009 in poetry). It won the National Book Critics Circle Award for Poetry and the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry.
 Petersen's 4-Wheel & Off-Road is a magazine dedicated to 4x4 and off-road trucks and SUVs. The first issue was published in 1977; it began as a special-interest publication from the editors of Hot Rod magazine. 4-Wheel & Off-Road covers a range of topics for the do-it-yourself light-truck enthusiast including real-world 4x4 performance modifications new products and product evaluations off-road event coverage new-vehicle evaluations travel and lifestyle.
 Kingston This Week is a community newspaper that publishes once a week for the Kingston Ontario region. The tabloid has a circulation of 48500 every Thursday.
 Marvel Spotlight is the name of several comic book series published by Marvel Comics as a try-out book for new characters. The first series ran for 33 issues from November 1971 to April 1977 and the second series ran for eleven issues from July 1979 to March 1981.
 Firing the Cathedral is a novella by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock. It is part of his long-running Jerry Cornelius series.
 Cataract City is a 2013 novel by Craig Davidson published in Canada by Doubleday. The title refers to the city nickname of Niagara Falls and is derived from the Latin word for waterfalls.
 Predator: Bad Blood is a 4-issue series created by Dark Horse Comics revolving around the titular character Predator.Much of the story takes place in real life Pine Barrens New Jersey. All 4 issues have been collected in Predator Omnibus volume 3.
 The Cheboygan Daily Tribune is a daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Cheboygan Michigan United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.In addition to the daily newspaper GateHouse also publishes the Shopper's Fair pennysaver and Mackinac Journal the magazine of the straits.
 Lives of the Saints is a novel by Nino Ricci. The author's first book it forms the first part of a trilogy. The other two novels are In a Glass House and Where She Has Gone. Lives of the Saints was first published in 1990 and was the winner of the 1990 Governor General's Awards for fiction.
 Ships of Merior is volume two of The Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts.Arc II of The Wars of Light and Shadow was released in several different formats. The US hard cover edition of The Ships of Merior contained the entirety of Arc II. However due to page limits for binding of paperbacks Arc II was released in paperback format as two separate books - The Ships of Merior being the first part of Arc II and Warhost of Vastmark being the second part of Arc II.
 Smartbomb: The Quest for Art Entertainment and Big Bucks in the Videogame Revolution is a book written by journalists Heather Chaplin and Aaron Ruby. It was published on November 4 2005 by Algonquin Books. It is the authors' first book and the work of five years of research.The last chapter chronicles how the PlayStation 2 threatened Microsoft with upcoming multimedia and personal computer appliances promised in the post-PC era.
 Birds Beasts and Relatives is the second volume of the autobiographical Corfu Trilogy by naturalist Gerald Durrell. The trilogy describes his childhood spent on the Greek island of Corfu between 1935 and 1939.Like its predecessor the more famous My Family and Other Animals Durrell intersperses humorous family anecdotes with rich descriptions of the fauna and flora of Corfu and of his own formative education in natural history.
 The Heir of Redclyffe (1853) was the first of Charlotte M. Yonge's bestselling romantic novels. Its religious tone derives from the High Church background of her family and from her friendship with a leading figure in the Oxford Movement John Keble who closely supervised the writing of the book. The germ of its plot was suggested by her friend Marianne Dyson. According to J. B.
 Teen now is a monthly magazine for teenage girls published by IPC Media. It is a spin-off from the entertainment magazine NOW. The editor is music journalist Marie-Claire Giddings who co-wrote the biography of the winner of the first series of Pop Idol Anything is Possible with its subject Will Young.
 Ancient Wisdom Modern World: Ethics for the new Millennium is a book of philosophical thought written by the Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso published by Little Brown/Abacus Press in 1999. (ISBN 0-349-11443-9)
 The Talismans of Shannara is the fourth book of the tetralogy The Heritage of Shannara written by Terry Brooks.
 Moss Dagblad was a local newspaper in Moss Norway and was second largest in the city behind Moss Avis it was published three days a week where the chief editor was Morten Øby.The paper was established in 1912 as Moss Socialdemokrat being affiliated with the Labour Party. It changed its name to Folkets Blad in 1923. In 1927 it absorbed the Social Democratic Moss Arbeiderblad and continued under the name Moss og Omegn Arbeiderblad.
 A House Divided (1935) is the sequel to the 1932 novel Sons and the third book in The House of Earth trilogy all written by Nobel Prize winner Pearl S. Buck. It centers on the third generation of Wang Lung's family focusing particularly on his grandson Wang Yuan.
 The North Bay Nugget is a conservative daily newspaper in North Bay Ontario Canada.
 Danger Society: The Young Bond Dossier is a non-fiction companion to the Young Bond series of novels written by Charlie Higson. The book contains in-depth character profiles to the cars the weapons and the exotic locations plus facts statistics photographs maps and illustrations by Kev Walker. The book also includes an original Young Bond short story by Charlie Higson titled A Hard Man to Kill.
 Cold Fire is the third book in the series The Circle Opens by author Tamora Pierce. It deals with the continuing adventures of child mage Daja Kisubo and her teacher the dedicate initiate Frostpine.
 Staying Fat For Sarah Byrnes is a young-adult fiction novel by Chris Crutcher. It has been recognized by the American Library Association as a Best of the Best Books for Young Adults. It is also one of fifty books on Young Adult Library Services Association's The Ultimate Teen Bookshelf.[citation needed]From the back of the 2003 Harper Teen edition:Sarah Byrnes and Eric have been friends for years. When they were children his fat and her terrible scars made them both outcasts.
 The Sun Journal is a daily newspaper published in Lewiston Maine USA covering western Maine.In addition to its main office in Lewiston the paper maintains satellite news and sales bureaus in the Maine towns of Farmington Norway and Rumford.
 Da is a 1978 comedy play by Irish playwright Hugh Leonard. The play had its New York City premiere at the off-off-Broadway Hudson Guild Theatre in 1978 and this production transferred to Broadway shortly after the completion of its run. It was directed by Melvin Bernhardt and produced on Broadway by Lester Osterman Marilyn Strauss and Marc Howard. It opened at the Morosco Theatre on 1 May 1978 and closed on 1 January 1980 after 697 performances.
 The Ring of Charon is a science fiction book by American writer Roger MacBride Allen first published in 1990 by Tor Books. It is the first in a series of three (although the third book has yet to be published) books under the name of The Hunted Earth.The story unfolds as an unknown alien race captures Earth with the use of a controlled wormhole which was triggered accidentally by artificial gravity experiments issued from a human outpost in space.
 Arctic Drift is a Dirk Pitt novel the 20th of the series and was released on November 25 2008.
 Record Collector is the United Kingdom's longest-running monthly music magazine. It distributes both within the UK and worldwide. It started in 1979.
 Illness as Metaphor is a nonfiction work written by Susan Sontag and published in 1978.
 Gastronomica: The Journal of Food and Culture is a quarterly academic journal published by the University of California Press. It was established in 2001 and is currently edited by Darra Goldstein. Gastronomica covers the history literature representation and cultural impact of food.
 The Jackson Sun is a daily newspaper published in Jackson Tennessee and is one of western Tennessee's major newspapers delivered to 13 counties. The newspaper is owned by Gannett. Its history dates back over 150 years.
 Fanboy is the title of a six issue comic book miniseries by Mark Evanier and Sergio Aragonés which was published by DC Comics in 1999.
 The Touch of Silk is a 1928 Australian play by Betty Roland about a French girl who marries a former Australian soldier after World War One.It was produced around Australia and was adapted several times for radio. At one stage Katharine Cornell was reportedly interested in taking the play to Broadway.The play was inspired by Roland's childhood.
 Time Release is a crime novel by the American writer Martin J. Smith (1956-) set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of a killer who used pain relief capsules as well as other techniques to set off a series of poisonings. It also focuses on repressed memories and if when and how they will come out. The protagonist is psychologist and memory expert Jim Christensen who tries to solve the case.
 Christianity not Mysterious is a 1696 book by the radical thinker John Toland.
 Misfit is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein. It was originally titled Cosmic Construction Corps before being renamed by the editor John W. Campbell. The short was first published in the November 1939 issue of Astounding Science Fiction. One of the earliest of his Future History stories it was later included in the collections Revolt in 2100 and The Past Through Tomorrow.
 g3 is a publication for lesbian and bisexual women in the United Kingdom. It was distributed free of charge and made available in hard copy from gay bars clubs cafés and groups; since ceasing printed publishing in 2013 it is now distributed in PDF format on the g3 website. g3 won the Publication of the Year award from Stonewall in 2009.g3 is published by Square Peg Media.
 Kappa no Kaikata (カッパの飼い方 lit. How to Breed Kappas) is a comedy manga series written and illustrated by Yūgo Ishikawa which was adapted into a 26-episode anime series broadcast by Animax in 2005.
 Sheva's War is a five-issue fully painted limited series graphic novel published in 1998. It was the final title to be released under the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix.Created written and painted by Christopher Moeller the story is the second to be located in Moeller's futuristic Iron Empires universe following publication of the Faith Conquers limited series by Dark Horse in 1994.
 The Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology (formerly Journal of Applied Meteorology) is a scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society.Applied research related to the physical meteorology cloud physics hydrology weather modification satellite meteorology boundary layer processes air pollution meteorology (including dispersion and chemical processes) agricultural and forest meteorology and applied meteorological numerical models of all types.
 Odd Thomas is a thriller novel by American writer Dean Koontz published in 2003. The novel derives its title from the protagonist a twenty-year-old short-order cook named Odd Thomas. The book which was well received and applauded by critics went on to become a New York Times Bestseller. Following the success of the novel five sequels Forever Odd (2005) Brother Odd (2006) Odd Hours (2008) Odd Apocalypse (2012) and Deeply Odd (2013) were also written by Koontz.
 The Graveyard Game is the fourth installment in the series of science fiction time travel novels by Kage Baker concerning the exploits of The Company.
 White Heat is a cookbook by chef Marco Pierre White published in 1990. It features black and white photographs by Bob Carlos Clarke. It is partially autobiographical and is considered to be the first chef's memoir. The book is cited today as having influenced the careers of several Michelin starred and celebrity chefs and was described by one critic as possibly the most influential recipe book of the last 20 years.
 Richard Temple is a novel by Patrick O'Brian.
 Celebrated Cases of Judge Dee (Chinese: 狄公案; pinyin: dí gōng àn lit. Cases of Judge Dee also known as Di Gong An or Dee Goong An) is an 18th-century Chinese gong'an detective novel by an anonymous author Buti zhuanren (Chinese: 不题撰人). It is loosely based on the stories of Di Renjie (Wade-Giles Ti Jen-chieh) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700. The novel contains cultural elements from later dynasties rather than Tang Dynasty China however.
 El Nuevo País is a Venezuelan newspaper. It was established by Rafael Poleo in 1988.Rafael Poleo is also the current Director with Claudia Macero being the Chief of Newsroom. The newspaper is edited by Producciones Impretele S.A. which is owned by Rafael Poleo and directed by Francisco Poleo as the Vicepresident Executive. Currently according to the numbers of the newspaper's distributor El Universal El Nuevo Pais is the second daily in regards of circulation and sells in Venezuela.
 Cutaneous and Ocular Toxicology is an international peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all types of harm to skin and eyes. It is published by Informa. Topics covered include pharmaceutical and medical products; consumer personal care and household products; and issues in environmental and occupational exposures. The editor-in-chief is A.
 The Prince George Citizen is a daily newspaper located in Prince George British Columbia Canada. It is owned by Glacier Media.In addition to Prince George the Citizen also covers the outlying communities of Fort St.
 Greenhouse Solutions with Sustainable Energy is a 2007 book by Australian academic Mark Diesendorf. The book puts forward a setof policies and strategies for implementing the most promising clean energy technologies by all spheres of government business and community organisations. Greenhouse Solutions with Sustainable Energy suggests that a mix of efficient energy use renewable energy sources and natural gas (as a transitional fuel) offers a clean and feasible energy future for Australia.
 The Moomins (Swedish: Mumintroll Finnish: Muumi) are the central characters in a series of books and a comic strip by Swedish-speaking Finnish illustrator and writer Tove Jansson originally published in Swedish by Schildts in Finland. They are a family of white roundish fairy tale characters with large snouts that make them resemble hippopotamuses.
 The Dark Chamber is a 1927 horror novel by Leonard Cline. The novel concerns Oscar Fitzalan and his interactions with Richard Pride who trying to remember his past life goes beyond his own memory and sinks into the gulfs of primal memory.
 Acid Row is a 2001 novel by crime-writer Minette Walters. The novel examines contemporary reactions to paedophilia and resulting urban rioting and was shortlisted for the Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger.
 Arthur Koestler: The Story of a Friendship is a book by George Mikes published in 1983 soon after Arthur Koestler’s suicide. As the author states in the Introduction the book is not a biography of the subject but a series of recollections and anecdotes of a friendship spanning more than thirty years from 1952 up to the time of Koestler’s suicide in March 1983.
 The Polish Officer (1995) is a novel by Alan Furst.
 An Army at Dawn: The War in North Africa 1942–1943 is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book written in 2002 by long-time Washington Post correspondent Rick Atkinson. The book is a history of the North African Campaign particularly focused on the role of the United States military. The book follows the early planning stages of the allied invasion (Operation Torch) of North Africa the landings in Casablanca Oran and Algiers and finally the back and forth struggle for dominance in Tunisia.
 A Flea in Her Ear (in French: La Puce à l'oreille) is a play by Georges Feydeau written in 1907 at the height of the Belle Époque.
 Cobb: Off The Leash is a comic book mini-series created by Beau Smith and Eduardo Barreto published by IDW Publishing in 2006. The eponymous protagonist Frank Cobb is an original creation for this mini-series.
 General History of the Zhuang(traditional Chinese: 壯族通史;simplified Chinese: 壮族通史; pinyin: Zhuàngzú tōng shi) is an academic book which relatively systematic and comprehensive response Zhuang history written by Chinese famous historian Huang Xianfan. The first draft completed in 1981 and after finishing by Huang Xian Fan’s students published by the Guangxi National Press in 1988. The work won the 1990 Highest Prize for Social Sciences of the Guangxi.
 Pharmacology & Therapeutics is a medical review journal published by Elsevier. It incorporates Pharmacology & Therapeutics. Part A: Chemotherapy Toxicology and Metabolic Inhibitors and Pharmacology & Therapeutics.
 Love Letters is a play by A. R. Gurney that was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play centers on two characters Melissa Gardner and Andrew Makepeace Ladd III. Using the epistolary form sometimes found in novels they sit side by side at tables and read the notes letters and cards – in which over nearly 50 years they discuss their hopes and ambitions dreams and disappointments victories and defeats – that have passed between them throughout their separated lives.
 The Ruby Dice is a 2009 science fiction novel. Written by Catherine Asaro the book wraps up many of the events of Saga of the Skolian Empire.Two men two empires. Jaibriol III rules the Eubian Concord: over two trillion people across more than a thousand worlds and habitats. Kelric rules the Skolian Imperialate. Ten years ago Jaibriol lost his parents in the final battle of the Radiance War between the Concord and the Imperialate.
 Bella at Midnight is a fantasy novel for children by Diane Stanley. The story is based on the fairy tale Cinderella. It was first published in 2006.
 Tyrannosaur Canyon is a novel by Douglas Preston published on August 11 2005 by Forge Books. It is the first book in the Wyman Ford series. The story revolves around the search for a mysterious item buried in the New Mexico desert.
 Fine Prey is a science fiction novel by Scott Westerfeld.Spider Stone has been studying at the Aya School about the Aya aliens. Over the summer she goes on the fine hunt and then claw hunt.
 The Street is an African-American novel by Ann Petry that was published in 1946. Set in Harlem in the 1940s it centers on the life of Lutie Johnson. Petry describes a world of trials and tribulations that came with being a single black mother living on 116th street in New York City.
 Fireball is the first book in the Fireball Trilogy by John Christopher published in 1981 exploring the adventures of two cousins when they are suddenly transported into an alternative history Earth through a mysterious fireball.
 The Scrambled States of America Talent Show is the companion to 1998's The Scrambled States of America by children's book author and illustrator Laurie Keller.This book was both a Children's Book-of-the-Month Club and Junior Library Guild selection.
 Newtons Sleep is an original novel by Daniel O'Mahony set in the Faction Paradox universe.It is the only Faction Paradox novel to be published by Random Static. Although taking place in a shared universe it is a stand-alone work that does not require any prior knowledge of Faction Paradox. The events of Newtons Sleep occur on Earth in the 17th century.
 The Journal of Neurotrauma is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on neurotraumas. It is an official journal of the National Neurotrauma Society and the International Neurotrauma Society. The journal was established in 1984 and is published by Mary Ann Liebert Inc. The editor-in-chief is John T. Povlishock (Virginia Commonwealth University).
 La Dépêche marocaine was a daily francophone Moroccan newspaper published in Tangier.
 Gift Days is a book (recommended for ages 8 and up) by Kari-Lynn Winters and Stephen Taylor. It was published in 2012 by Fitzhenry & Whiteside.
 Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey Across the Last Himalayan Kingdom is a gigantic 2003 book composed of photographs taken on four trips through Bhutan. The book was created by scientist Michael Hawley along with photographers Carolyn Bess Sandy Choi Dorji Drukpa Becky Hurwitz Choki Lhamo Kaka Gyelsey Loday Christopher Newell David Salesin and Ming Zhang.
 The International Journal for Numerical Methods in Fluids is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering developments in numerical methods applied to fluid dynamics. It is published by John Wiley & Sons. Its editors-in-chief are Rémi Abgrall (INRIA and Institut Polytechnique de Bordeaux) and Charbel Farhat (Stanford University). The journal was established in 1981.
 Push is the 1996 debut novel of American author Sapphire. Thirteen years after its release it was made into Precious: Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire a film that won two Academy Awards and was produced by Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry.
 China Sky is a novel by Pearl S. Buck published in 1941. The story centers on love honor and wartime treachery in an American-run hospital in the fictional town of Chen-li China during the Japanese invasion.The book was the basis of a 1945 film of the same name starring Randolph Scott Ruth Warrick Ellen Drew and Anthony Quinn.
 Songs in Ordinary Time is the 1995 novel by Mary McGarry Morris and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in June 1997.
 Homicide Trinity is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1962.
 Stockholms Dagblad was a conservative morning newspaper published in Stockholm between 1824 and 1931.The newspaper was established on 2 January 1824 as a newspaper for the Swedish capital. Under the editorship of Jonas Adolf Walldén the newspaper developed into a content-rich paper chiefly designated for news.
 Third Text is a bimonthly academic journal on art in global context. After founder and editor Rasheed Araeen's earlier art magazine Black Phoenix started in 1978 published only three issues it was relaunched as a theoretical art journal in 1987.
 X-Men: The 198 is a comic book limited series that was published by Marvel Comics and set in the Marvel Universe shortly after the House of M and Decimation events. The five-issue series began publication in January 2006. The series focuses on the supporting cast of the X-Men whose ranks have been severely depleted following Decimation.
 Pi is the name of the official student publication of the University College London Union. It publishes a free monthly magazine during academic term time in addition to its website.
 Deepak Chopra's Buddha is a comic book on the life of Buddha featuring artwork by Virgin Comics artists written by Deepak Chopra.Chopra explained that the six-part series “explores Buddha's life in three phases: the Prince the Monk and the Enlightened Buddha. The first phase is full of mystery and adventure. The second focuses on Buddha's seeking the answers to his existential wonderings.
 The Modular Man is a science fiction novel by American writer Roger MacBride Allen. It is the fourth in the Next Wave series.
 Space Brothers (宇宙兄弟 Uchū Kyōdai) is a Japanese manga series by Chūya Koyama which has been serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Morning since January 2008. It has been nominated twice for the Manga Taishō in 2009 and 2010. In 2011 it won the award for best general manga at the 56th Shogakukan Manga Awards and at the Kodansha Manga Award (shared with Chica Umino's March Comes in Like a Lion). An anime adaptation by A-1 Pictures began airing in Japan from April 1 2012.
 The Queens Chronicle is a free weekly newspaper based in the New York City neighborhood of Rego Park Queens. It was founded in November 1978 as The Paper by Susan Merzon.In 1984 it expanded beyond its Howard Beach constituency and was renamed the Queens Chronicle. In 1994 the paper's offices suffered a devastating fire.The Chronicle has nine separate editions for various regions of Queens.
 Beyond the Witch Trials: Witchcraft and Magic in Enlightenment Europe is an academic anthology edited by the historians Owen Davies and Willem de Blécourt. It was first published by Manchester University Press in 2004.
 Kanadan Sanomat is a Canadian weekly Finnish language newspaper established in 2012 in Toronto Ontario Canada as a merger between two earlier publications both owned by Vapaa Sana Press Ltd.
 Shokun! (諸君! Shokun! literally “Gentlemen!”) was a monthly magazine of conservative opinion published by Bungeishunju Ltd. It normally went on sale on the first day of each month though at the end of the year it was released on the 25th or 26th and in the past it had been released on the second or third day. The chief editor of the final issue was Hiroto Uchida who headed an editorial staff consisting of a small group of only five to seven highly active editors.
 Five Go to Demon's Rocks is the nineteenth novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1961.
 Le Militant is the official weekly newspaper of the Mauritian Militant Movement.
 Letras Libres is a literary magazine published monthly by Editorial Vuelta a prominent publishing company co-founded by the Nobel Prize laureate in Literature Octavio Paz.
 Las Dos Almas del Ser is a Spanish novel by Sigfrido Cuen published in 2011.
 The Flat Hat is the official student newspaper at the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg VA. It prints Tuesdays and Fridays during the College's academic year. It began printing twice-weekly in 2007; since its inception in 1911 The Flat Hat had printed weekly.The newspaper is printed as a broadsheet. Today The Flat Hat's front page and back page are generally printed in color while the inside pages are printed in black and white.
 Anatomy of a Typeface is a book on typefaces written by Alexander Lawson. The book is notable for devoting entire chapters to the development and uses of individual or small groupings of typefaces. Beyond Anatomy of a Typeface Lawson has considered and discussed the classification of types. Within Anatomy Lawson arranges the typefaces by classification.
 The Mythical Detective Loki Ragnarok (魔探偵ロキ RAGNAROK Matantei Roki RAGNAROK lit. Demon Detective Loki: RAGNAROK) is a manga by Sakura Kinoshita published from August 1999 to October 2004.
 A Cup of Tea is a 1922 short story by Katherine Mansfield. It was first published in the Story-Teller in May 1922. It later appeared in The Dove's Nest and Other Stories.
 Heaven and Earth: Global Warming – The Missing Science is a popular science book published in 2009 and written by Australian geologist professor of mining geology at Adelaide University and mining company director Ian Plimer.
 Red Eve is a novel by H Rider Haggard set in the reign of Edward III.
 The Tinkling Symbol first published in 1935 is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor which features her series detective Asey Mayo the Codfish Sherlock. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Communications of the ACM (CACM) is the monthly magazine of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). Established in 1957 CACM is sent to all ACM members currently numbering over 100000.The articles are intended for readers with backgrounds in all areas of computer science and information systems.
 The Zahir is a 2005 novel by the Brazilian writer Paulo Coelho. Just as in an earlier book The Alchemist The Zahir is about a pilgrimage. The book touches on themes of love loss and obsession.The Zahir was written in Coelho's native language Portuguese and it has been translated into 44 languages. The book was first published in Iran in Persian translation by Caravan publishing. Iran has never signed any international copyright agreements.
 The Composer Is Dead is a composition for narrator and orchestra released both as a musical recording and as a book with a CD insert with text by Lemony Snicket music by Nathaniel Stookey and illustrations by Carson Ellis. It is a whodunnit about the orchestra.
 Probability Moon is a 2000 science fiction novel by Nancy Kress.The novel concerns a xenological expedition to the planet World where aliens live who have developed a strange form of telepathy or collective unconscious shared reality which causes piercing head-pain whenever Worlders attempt to hold strongly differing opinions.
 The Schilder-Boeck is a book by the art historian Karel van Mander written in 1604. It was actually compiled from three books in total; the first was a translation from Giorgio Vasari's list of artist biographies called the Lives of the Most Excellent Painters Sculptors and Architects the second was a similarly styled Lives of the Illustrious Netherlandish and German Painters and the third was a translation of Ovid's stories Metamorphoses followed by an explanation of figures.
 Barker Black is a British luxury footwear brand specializing in bench-made shoes for men. The Barker Black line is a subset of the English Shoe company Barker which was founded in 1880 by Arthur Black. Launched in 2005 by creative director Derrick Miller the Barker Black brand quickly gained the attention of the fashion media appearing in the premiere issue of Men's Vogue in September 2005. Subsequent coverage in men's fashion magazines such as Details Esquire and GQ followed.
 The Fairy Godmother is a novel by Mercedes Lackey published in 2004 and the first book of the Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms series.
 Mr Ponsonby is the fourth novel from noted New Zealand author Ian Middleton and is described as his eulogy to a gentrifying Ponsonby. He had an intimate connection with Ponsonby (a suburb in Auckland New Zealand) where the book is set beginning in 1942 and returning to live there in later life. It is the story of a man driven by greed willing to destroy the character and nature of a lively spririted community for the sake of a dollar.
 Tales from Gavagan's Bar is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt illustrated by the latter's wife Inga Pratt. It was first published in hardcover by Twayne Publishers in 1953; an expanded edition retaining the original illustrations was published by Owlswick Press in 1978 and subsequently issued in paperback (without the illustrations) by Bantam Books in 1980.
 Doomwyte is the 20th novel in the Redwall series by Brian Jacques. It was released on October 2 2008 in the United Kingdom and on October 16 2008 in the United States.
 Imperialism the Highest Stage of Capitalism (1917) by Lenin describes the function of financial capital in generating profits from imperial colonialism as the final stage of capitalist development to ensure greater profits. The essay is a synthesis of Lenin’s modifications and developments of economic theories that Karl Marx formulated in Das Kapital (1867).
 REVUE Mid-Michigan was a monthly entertainment and arts magazine that covered Lansing and other Mid-Michigan cities.
 Kingdoms of Sorcery: An Anthology of Adult Fantasy is a 1976 anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday.The book collects sixteen tales and excerpts from novels from five eras of fantasy writing with an overall introduction and notes by Carter.
 The Trip to Bountiful is a play by Horton Foote. The play premiered March 1 1953 on NBC-TV before being produced on the Broadway stage. Its 1954 staging earned Jo Van Fleet a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play at the 8th Tony Awards.
 The Kite That Went to the Moon is a children's tale written by Evelyn Sharp. It was published in 1900 as part of a collection of short stories called The Other Side of the Sun.
 Der shtern (Yiddish: דער שטערן 'The Star') was a Yiddish language daily newspaper published from Kharkov Ukrainian SSR between 1925 and 1941. It was an organ of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (bolsheviks) of Ukraine and the All Ukrainian Council of Trade Unions. M. Levitan served as editor in chief of the newspaper.Der shtern replaced Komunistishe fon as the main Yiddish newspaper in Soviet Ukraine. The first issue of Der shtern was published in May 1925.
 Público (Portuguese for Public) is a Portuguese daily national newspaper.It began publication on 5 March 1990. The newspaper is known as a publication of the French school with extensive texts and few illustrations. It was founded by Sonae and is nowadays owned by the Sonae.com group.Its first editor-in-chief was Vicente Jorge Silva formerly sub-editor-in-chief at Expresso.José Manuel Fernandes was editor-in-chief for the last 11 years.
 Ethics is an academic journal established in 1890 and published by the University of Chicago Press. The journal covers scholarly work in moral political and legal philosophy from a variety of intellectual perspectives including social and political theory law and economics. In addition to major articles Ethics also publishes review essays discussion articles book reviews and book notes.
 The Fever Crumb Series is the title of a series of novels written by British author Philip Reeve and is the prequel series to his critically acclaimed Mortal Engines Quartet. As of 2011 the series consisted of three books: Fever Crumb (2009) A Web of Air (2010) and Scrivener's Moon (2011). The books follow the adventures of the female teenage protagonist Fever Crumb as she watches and participates in the creation of the first Traction City in the distant future.
 Journey to Mars the Wonderful World: Its Beauty and Splendor; Its Mighty Races and Kingdoms; Its Final Doom is an 1894 science fiction novel written by Gustavus W. Pope. (The author called his work a scientific novel.) The book has attracted increased contemporary attention as a precedent and possible source for the famous Barsoom novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs. A sequel Journey to Venus followed in 1895.Pope's novel is the story of a Lt. Frederick Hamilton USN.
 Milli Gazete (Turkish: Millî Gazete - National Newspaper) is a conservative Turkish daily newspaper. It was founded in 1973 and was aligned with the Islamist National Salvation Party (Millî Selâmet Partisi). It publishes a German edition in Germany which is linked with the Millî Görüş organization.
 Black Girl is a play by American playwright J. E. Franklin. It was first produced on public television in 1969 followed by an off-Broadway production in 1971. It was later adapted by the playwright as a feature film that was released the following year.
 Larry's Party is a 1997 novel by Carol Shields.The novel examined the life of Larry Weller an ordinary man made extraordinary by his unique talent for creating labyrinths. Like its predecessor The Stone Diaries Shields' profound insights into human nature transform Larry from an ordinary average man into a figure of universal humanity.The novel won the 1997 Orange Prize for Fiction and the 1998 National Book Critics Circle Award.
 News from Nowhere (1890) is a classic work combining utopian socialism and soft science fiction written by the artist designer and socialist pioneer William Morris. In the book the narrator William Guest falls asleep after returning from a meeting of the Socialist League and awakes to find himself in a future society based on common ownership and democratic control of the means of production.
 Shiris Ko Phool (Nepali: शिरिषको फूल) is a novel written by prominent Nepali writer Parijat and also published in English language as The Blue Mimosa. The novel is highly acclaimed in Nepali literature and has also been adapted in the literature curriculum of some colleges in some English-speaking countries.
 Moonshadow is a 1985–1987 limited series written and created by J. M. DeMatteis and illustrated by Jon J. Muth and Kent Williams as well as George Pratt. It was later released as a trade paperback currently entitled The Compleat Moonshadow. The comic was inspired by the Cat Stevens song of the same name. It takes the form of a coming-of-age story with elements of satire.
 Murder at the Savoy (Polis polis potatismos! literally Police Police Mashed Potatoes!) is a Swedish crime novel and the sixth book out of ten in the 'Martin Beck' detective series by Sjöwall and Wahlöö revolving around police detective Martin Beck.
 Lady!! (レディ!! Redi!!) is a Japanese shōjo manga by Youko Hanabusa . It was published by Akita Shoten in the magazine Hitomi Comics from 1987 to 1993 and collected in 12 tankoubon volumes.
 Police Review (also known as Jane's Police Review) was a weekly magazine for police officers in the United Kingdom latterly published by Jane's Information Group. The magazine was founded in 1893 as The Police Review and Parade Gossip aiming to (in its own words) 'cultivate the self-respect of the constabulary of this country to raise them in the esteem and regard of all their fellow citizens'.
 Mein Kampf (pronounced [maɪ̯n kampf] My Struggle) is an autobiographical manifesto by Nazi leader Adolf Hitler in which he outlines his political ideology and future plans for Germany. Volume 1 of Mein Kampf was published in 1925 and Volume 2 in 1926.
 Morje v času mrka is a novel by Slovenian author Mate Dolenc. It was first published in 2001.
 The Sunday Correspondent was a short-lived British weekly national broadsheet newspaper. The newspaper first appeared on 17 September 1989 the title ceased publication with the last issue on 25 November 1990. It was edited by Peter Cole for most of its existence. Cole subsequently went into academia[1].
 Peril at End House is a 1940 play based on the 1932 novel of the same name by Agatha Christie. The play is by Arnold Ridley who much later played Private Godfrey in Dad's Army. Ridley was granted permission to adapt the book in an agreement with Christie dated 18 July 1938.
 The Burlington County Times is a daily newspaper located in Willingboro Township New Jersey U.S. The Times is owned by Calkins Media.With offices in Willingboro Medford and Mount Holly Township New Jersey the paper covers municipal county and state-wide issues as well as local and professional sporting events.
 Silas Marner: The Weaver of Raveloe is the third novel by George Eliot published in 1861. An outwardly simple tale of a linen weaver it is notable for its strong realism and its sophisticated treatment of a variety of issues ranging from religion to industrialisation to community.
 Foundation's Edge (1982) is a science fiction novel by Isaac Asimov the fourth book in the Foundation Series. It was written more than thirty years after the stories of the original Foundation trilogy due to years of pressure by fans and editors on Asimov to write another and according to Asimov himself the amount of the payment offered by the publisher. It was his first novel to ever land on The New York Times best-seller list after 262 books and 44 years of writing.
 The Journal of Public Health Policy is a peer-reviewed medical journal established in 1980 by Milton Terris. It covers the field of public health and is the official journal of the National Association for Public Health Policy.
 The Old Farmer's Almanac is a reference book that contains weather forecasts tide tables planting charts astronomical data recipes and articles on a number of topics including gardening sports astronomy and farming.
 The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman is a 1914 novel by H. G. Wells.
 The Biological Bulletin is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of biology. The journal was established in 1897 as the Zoological Bulletin by Charles Otis Whitman and William Morton Wheeler. In 1899 the title was changed to The Biological Bulletin and production was transferred to the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole Massachusetts.
 O Street is a 2007 short story collection written by Corrina Wycoff. It is the second book published by OV Books and was nominated for a Lambda Literary Award for Lesbian Debut Fiction in 2007.
 The Newfoundland Herald is a weekly magazine available throughout Newfoundland and Labrador Canada published in St. John's. Owned by Stirling Communications International a company run by Geoff Stirling the Herald is part news magazine part entertainment magazine and includes television listings for the province.
 The True Story of the Three Little Pigs is a children's book by Jon Scieszka and Lane Smith. Released in a number of editions since its first release in 1989 it is a parody of The Three Little Pigs as told by the Big Bad Wolf known in the book as A. Wolf short for Alexander T. Wolf. The book was honored by the American Library Association as an ALA Notable Book.
 Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs is a fiction book by Michael Gerard Bauer released in 2007. It is the first sequel to Don't Call Me Ishmael. Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs won the Book Council of Australia: Junior Judges Award in 2007.
 The Islands of Unwisdom by Robert Graves 1949. Also published in the UK as The Isles of Unwisdom. It is a reconstruction of an historic event the voyage of Álvaro de Mendaña de Neira to find the Solomon Islands. Graves tells a story with many surprising twists in which some characters turn out to be quite different from how they are first portrayed. In Graves's telling when the Spanish first come into contact with Solomon Islanders the relationship is cordial.
 Trzy zimy is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1936.
 Environmental Biology of Fishes is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on all aspects of fish and fish-related biology and the links to their environment. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media and was established in 1976. The current editor-in-chief is David L.G. Noakes (Oregon State University Corvallis).
 Along Came A Spider is the first novel in James Patterson's series about forensic psychologist Alex Cross. First published in 1993 its success has led to eighteen sequels as of 2012. It was adapted into a movie of the same name in 2001 starring Morgan Freeman as Cross.
 The Private Patient (2008) is a crime novel by English author P. D. James the fourteenth in her popular Adam Dalgliesh series.
 CosmoGirl was an American magazine based in New York City published from 1999 until 2008. The teenage spin-off of Cosmopolitan magazine it targeted teenage girls and featured fashion and celebrities. It was published ten times a year and reached approximately eight million readers before folding. The last issue was December 2008. Subscribers instead received issues of fellow Hearst publication Seventeen.The magazine was founded by Atoosa Rubenstein who was asked to create a mock issue.
 Damals is a German monthly popular scientific history magazine. The name refers to the German word damals meaning back then. The magazine is issued since 1969 and aims primarily at students teachers university students scientists and a readership interested in historical science.The editors being established historians archaeologists cultural scientists and philologists write scientifically based articles. Each month another focus theme is portrayed.
 The Industrial Psychiatry Journal is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Association of Industrial Psychiatry of India. It covers industrial psychology and psychiatry work psychology occupational psychology personnel psychology human resources development and other disciplines such as social psychology personality psychology and quantitative psychology.
 Aerosvet was an aviation magazine published by the Aeronautical Union of Vojvodina Yugoslavia.Aerosvet had an English-language sister publication Aerosvet International that was published four times annually.
 The Journal of Orthopaedic & Sports Physical Therapy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes research about musculoskeletal rehabilitation health and wellness including such areas as orthopedics physical therapy and sports medicine. JOSPT was established in 1979 following the founding of the Orthopedic and Sports Medicine sections of the American Physical Therapy Association.
 The Art of Nijinsky is a 1913 book written by Geoffrey Whitworth which analyzes the art of Vaslav Nijinsky. At 110 pages it features 10 colored illustrations by Dorothy MullockThe watercolor illustrations by Mullock have been called remarkable. The text itself called enthusiastic examines the career of Nijinsky in both the art-form and choreography as well as appreciating Nijinsky's achievements. It also touches on the history of Russian ballet and related literature.
 Yume No Hon: The Book of Dreams (2005) is a novel about a woman living as a hermit in ancient Japan written by Catherynne M. Valente.
 Hades' Daughter is the first book in the Troy Game series by Sara Douglass.
 Wait Until The Evening is a novel by Hal Bennett published in 1974. It was the follow-up to his award-winning novel Lord of Dark Places.
 National Lampoon's Doon is a parody of Frank Herbert's 1965 science fiction novel Dune written by Ellis Weiner and published in 1984 by Pocket Books/Simon & Schuster Inc. (ISBN 0-671-54144-7) and by Grafton Books (ISBN 0-586-06636-5) the following year. In 1988 William F. Touponce noted that the only books which National Lampoon has parodied are Herbert's Dune and J. R. R.
 Hyper Rune (サイバープラネット1999 HYPER☆ルン Saibā Puranetto 1999: Hyper☆Run lit. Cyber Planet 1999: Hyper Rune) is a manga series created by the former CLAMP member Tamayo Akiyama. It is about an eight-grade girl named Rune Ayanokouji who is destined to save the world from peril caused by notorious cyber-alien beings.
 The Epistles of Wisdom (Arabic: رسَائل الحكمة‎) or Rasa'il al-Hikma (Arabic: رسـائـل الـحـكـمـة‎) is a corpus of sacred texts and pastoral letters by teachers of the Druze Faith which has currently close to a million faithful mainly in Lebanon Syria Israel and Jordan.
 Princess of Gossip is a Young Adult novel by Sabrina Bryan (The Cheetah Girls Dancing with the Stars) and Julia DeVillers (How My Private Personal Journal Became A Bestseller). The book published by MTV/Simon & Schuster was released on October 7 and sold out on Amazon.com on the first day.
 Slapstick or Lonesome No More! is a science fiction novel by American author Kurt Vonnegut. Written in 1976 it depicts Vonnegut's views of loneliness both on an individual and social scale.The book was adapted into the 1982 film Slapstick of Another Kind.
 Sunshine Enemies is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1980s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Mario Balzic is the protagonist an atypical detective for the genre a Serbo-Italian American cop middle-aged unpretentious a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force.
 The Joy Luck Club (1989) is a best-selling novel written by Amy Tan. It focuses on four Chinese American immigrant families in San Francisco who start a club known as the Joy Luck Club playing the Chinese game of mahjong for money while feasting on a variety of foods. The book is structured somewhat like a mahjong game with four parts divided into four sections to create sixteen chapters.
 Deadly Things: A Collection of Mysterious Tales / The Judgment of the Gods and Other Verdicts of History is an omnibus of two collections of fantastic historical mystery short stories issued in dos-à-dos format; Deadly Things: A Collection of Mysterious Tales by Darrell Schweitzer and The Judgment of the Gods and Other Verdicts of History by Robert Reginald.
 Real Detroit Weekly (often called just Real Detroit) is a weekly newspaper distributed free of charge every Wednesday that focuses mainly on entertainment news from metro Detroit. It has a proportion of advertisements similar to the Metro Times (and even some of the same advertisers). Both publications are usually available at the same establishments.
 Country Homes & Interiors is published by IPC Media part of Time Inc. and is a magazine which focuses on country style interior design.
 This article is about the Steven Gould novel. For the video game see Jumper: Griffin's Story.Jumper: Griffin's Story is a novel by Steven Gould released August 21 2007 as a prequel to the movie Jumper. It follows the character Griffin as he deals with the death of his parents and the relentless pursuit of the Paladins through his adolescent and teenage years. The novel has no connection to Jumper Reflex or Impulse but rather more faithful to the movie.
 Progress in Community Health Partnerships: Research Education and Action is a peer-reviewed medical journal published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press. In each issue one article is selected for a “Beyond the Manuscript” podcast. All original research articles contain a Community/Policy brief which describes key findings and recommendations in language accessible to non-researchers.
 The Savannah Tribune is a weekly African-American newspaper located in Savannah Georgia United States.
 The Journal of Statistical Planning and Inference is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on statistical inference. The editors-in-chief are A. DasGupta H. Dette and W.-L. Loh. The journal was established in 1977. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.713.
 The Eye of the World (abbreviated as tEotW or EotW by fans) is the first book of The Wheel of Time (WoT) fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan. It was published by Tor Books and released on January 15 1990. The unabridged audio book is read by Michael Kramer and Kate Reading.
 Ginga Legend Weed (銀牙伝説ウィード Ginga Densetsu Wīdo lit. Silver Fang Legend Weed) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Takahashi. It is a sequel to Takahashi's 1980s manga Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin and focuses on Weed the son of Gin the original series' protagonist. Weed named after the English word for wild plant leaves his birthplace to search for his father in the Ōu Mountains.
 Anticlimax: A Feminist Perspective on the Sexual Revolution is a 1990 book about the sexual revolution by Sheila Jeffreys.
 London Student is the student newspaper of the University of London Union. It began publishing in 1979 and is the largest student-run newspaper in Europe (representing over 120000 students).
 Vampire Knight (ヴァンパイア騎士 Vanpaia Naito) is a shōjo manga series written by Matsuri Hino. The series premiered in the January 2005 issue of LaLa magazine and has officially ended. Chapters are collected and published in collected volumes by Hakusensha with seventeen volumes currently released in Japan. The manga series is licensed in English by Viz Media who has released fifteen volumes so far.
 The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke is a verse novel by Australian novelist and poet C. J. Dennis. The work was first published in book form in 1915 and sold over 60000 copies in nine editions within the first year.The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke tells the story of Bill a larrikin of the Little Lonsdale Street Push who is introduced to a young woman by the name of Doreen.
 Academic Reform: Policy Options for Improving the Quality and Cost-Effectiveness of Undergraduate Education in Ontario is a book co-authored by Ian D. Clark David Trick and Richard J. Van Loon.
 Five on a Secret Trail is the fifteenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1956.
 IA The Journal of the Society for Industrial Archeology is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Society for Industrial Archeology currently edited by Fredric L. Quivik (Michigan Technological University). IA publishes scholarly research essays and reviews of books published in the field of industrial archeology.
 Ai to Makoto (愛と誠 tran. Love and Truth) is a Japanese manga series written by Ikki Kajiwara and illustrated by Takumi Nagayasu. It was adapted into a live-action television series in 1974 and into four live-action films in 1974 1975 1976 and 2012.
 Negation is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first bookof poetry Harmonium. Itwas first published in 1918 so it is in the publicdomain.This poem was Section VII of the poem—sequence Lettres d'un Soldat(1918). It was extracted as Negation for inclusion in the secondedition of Harmonium. It may reflect Stevens's reading of Thus Spake Zarathustra according to Bates.
 Petelinji zajtrk is a novel by Slovenian author Feri Lainšček. It was first published in 1999.
 Dragon Ball (ドラゴンボール Doragon Bōru) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1984 to 1995 with the 519 individual chapters published into 42 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha. Dragon Ball was initially inspired by the classical Chinese novel Journey to the West.
 The Review of International Organizations is a peer-reviewed academic journal that analyzes operations and policies of both governmental and non-governmental organizations. Scientific contributions cover agencies such as the International Monetary Fund the World Trade Organization the World Bank the G7 the NATO the European Court of Human Rights the United Nations and similar formal institutions.
 The Martian is the first published novel by American novelist Andy Weir. It was originally self-published in 2012 before Crown purchased the rights and re-published it in 2014. A science fiction novel it follows the fictional American astronaut Mark Watney as he becomes stranded alone on Mars and must improvise in order to survive. It has been described as an Apollo 13 meets Cast Away. Twentieth Century Fox optioned film rights in 2013.
 WikiLeaks: Inside Julian Assange's War on Secrecy is a 2011 book by British journalists David Leigh and Luke Harding. It tells the story of Julian Assange WikiLeaks and the leak by Chelsea Manning (then known as Bradley) of classified material to the website in 2010. It was published by Guardian Books in February 2011.
 Before Green Gables is the title of a prequel to the Anne Shirley series. The book was published in 2008 by Puffin a division of Penguin Books as part of Puffin's celebration of Anne Shirley's centennial anniversary which will also see the Anne Shirley series re-released to commemorate the event. The first book in the Anne Shirley series was Anne of Green Gables which was published in 1908.The author of the prequel is Canadian children's author Budge Wilson.
 Am730 is free daily Chinese-language newspaper published in Hong Kong the third with the prior two being Headline Daily and Metropolis Daily. Shih Wing-ching chairman of Centaline Holdings a property agency is the founder of the newspaper. He introduced the new paper due to the unprecedented success of Metropolis Daily a pioneer in this market. Metropolis Daily was founded in 2002 and was so successful that it broke even in only fourteen months.
 The Philological Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on medieval European and modern literature and culture. It was established in 1922 by Hardin Craig. The current editor-in-chief is Alvin Snider.
 The Midland Reporter-Telegram is a daily newspaper in Midland Texas. It is located in the heart of the vast 54-county Permian Basin of West Texas a geological region which produces 70 percent of the oil in Texas.
 The Checklist of Fantastic Literature is a bibliography of English science fiction fantasy and weird books compiled and edited by Everett F. Bleiler with a preface by Melvin Korshak and a cover by Hannes Bok.With a print run of 1933 copies it was the first book from Shasta Publishers. The bibliography is nearly complete and lists over 5000 titles published prior to 1949. The books are listed by author and indexed by title.
 Come Back Little Sheba is a 1950 play by the American dramatist William Inge. The play was Inge's first written while he was a teacher at Washington University in St. Louis Missouri.
 Warsaw Business Journal is an English-language weekly newspaper based in Warsaw Poland and owned by Valkea Media. Its publisher is the New World Publishing which also publishes the Budapest Business Journal and the Prague Business Journal in Hungary and Czechoslovakia respectively. It covers business economics politics finance real estate stock markets entertainment technology and culture. Since 1994 it has been Poland's only business weekly in English.
 The International Encyclopedia of the Social & Behavioral Sciences (2001) edited by Neil J. Smelser andPaul B. Baltes is a 26-volume work. It has some 4000 signed articles (commissioned by around 50 subject editors) and includes 150 biographical entries 122400 entries and an extensive hierarchical subject index. It is also available in online editions. Contemporary Psychology described the work as the largest corpus of knowledge about the social and behavioral sciences in existence.
 Travels With Myself: Collected Work is a selection of over sixty journalistic articles written by Anglo-Afghan author film-maker and adventurer Tahir Shah on his travels in such far-flung places as Latin America Africa and Asia and especially his current residence Morocco. The articles were written over a twenty-year period between 1992 and 2012 and cover a wide range of subjects from women prisoners on America's death row to the Islamic legacy of Timbuktu.
 American Literary History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Oxford University Press that covers all periods of American literature. It was founded in 1989 and is edited by Gordon Hutner.
 The Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung is a leading commercial newspaper from Essen Germany published by WAZ-Mediengruppe.It was founded by Erich Brost and first published 3 April 1948.
 The Nob Hill Gazette has been publishing a monthly magazine since 1978.
 SmartMoney was the Wall Street Journal's magazine of personal business. The finance magazine launched in 1992 by Hearst Corporation and Dow Jones & Company. Its first editor was Norman Pearlstine. In 2010 Hearst sold its stake to Dow Jones. The September 2012 edition was the last paper edition. Its content was merged into MarketWatch in 2013. SmartMoney's target market is affluent professional and managerial business people needing personal finance information.
 Burevestnik (Russian: Буревестник) was a newspaper published daily from Minsk Russia. It was the organ of the Minsk Bolsheviks. Burevestnik first appeared in October 1917 two days after the Bolshevik organ Molot had been suppressed by the Russian Provisional Government. Its masthead included the motto Workers of the world unite!.Burevestnik carried articles by Vladimir Lenin. Issue no. 3 (published on October 11 1917) carried the article The Crisis Has Matured issue no.
 Dream Stuff is a collection of short stories by the Australian writer David Malouf published in 2000.
 The Apocalypse Codex (2012) is the fourth novel by Charles Stross in his Laundry series of Lovecraftian spy thrillers. The previous novels in the series were The Atrocity Archives (2004) The Jennifer Morgue (2006) and The Fuller Memorandum (2010). The novels follow the protagonist Bob Howard an agent for the intelligence agency known as the Laundry.
 Brightness Reef is a 1995 science fiction novel by David Brin and the fourth book of six set in his Uplift Universe (preceded by The Uplift War and followed by Infinity's Shore). It was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1996.
 Fortunes of War is the collective name given to six novels by Olivia Manning consisting of The Balkan Trilogy and The Levant Trilogy. The Balkan Trilogy comprises the books The Great Fortune The Spoilt City and Friends And Heroes. The Levant Trilogy comprises the books The Danger Tree The Battle Lost And Won and The Sum Of Things.
 Fallen is a 2009 young adult gothic fantasy and romance novel written by Lauren Kate. The novel revolves around a young girl named Lucinda Luce Price who is sent to Sword & Cross Reform School in Savannah Georgia after she is accused of murdering a boy by starting a fire. At the reform school she meets Daniel a handsome boy whom she feels inexplicably drawn to and believes she has met before.
 Ripley's Game (1974) is a psychological thriller by Patricia Highsmith the third in her Ripliad series.
 Travels is a nonfiction book by Michael Crichton that details Crichton's attempts to leave his medical education at Harvard Medical School followed by his subsequent travel to Los Angeles and adventures continuing his professional writing career beginning with The Great Train Robbery.
 Trinity Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal. It was established in 1980 and is published twice a year by Trinity Evangelical Divinity School.
 The Journal of Applied Corporate Finance is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Morgan Stanley. The current editor-in-chief is Donald H. Chew Jr. The Journal of Applied Corporate Finance covers a range of topics including risk management corporate strategy corporate governance and capital structure. It also features roundtable discussions among corporate executives and academics on topics such as integrity in financial reporting.
 Rich Like Us is a historical and political fiction novel by Nayantara Sahgal. Set in New Delhi during the chaotic time between 1932 and the mid-1970s it follows the lives of two female protagonists Rose and Sonali and their fight to live in a time of political upheaval and social re-organization.The novel brought its author the 1986 Sahitya Akademi Award for English for her novel Rich Like Us (1985) by the Sahitya Akademi India's National Academy of Letters.
 Medieval Archaeology is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the archaeology of the Medieval period especially in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It was established in 1957 and is published by Mancy Publishing on behalf of the Society for Medieval Archaeology. The editor-in-chief is Oliver Creighton (University of Exeter).
 Mazinger Z (マジンガーZ Majingā Zetto) known briefly as Tranzor Z in the United States is a Japanese super robot manga series written and illustrated by Go Nagai. The first manga version was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from October 1972 to August 1973 and it later continued in Kodansha TV Magazine from October 1973 to September 1974. It was adapted into an anime television series which aired on Fuji TV from December 1972 to September 1974.
 The J. R. R. Tolkien Companion and Guide (2006) by Wayne G. Hammond and Christina Scull following their 2005 The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion is a two volume work of reference on J. R. R. Tolkien and Tolkien studies.Volume 1 Reader's Guide has information on people places organisations biographical topics literary topics and writings by Tolkien.Volume 2 Chronology presents an extraordinarily detailed chronology of Tolkien's life on 800 pages.
 They Call Me Carpenter: A Tale of the Second Coming is a novel written by Upton Sinclair in 1922 that exposed the new and upcoming culture of 1920's Southern California namely Hollywood. Sinclair does this by using Jesus or Carpenter as Sinclair calls him as a literary figure.
 The Journal of the Bombay Natural History Society (also JBNHS) is a natural history journal published several times a year by the Bombay Natural History Society. First published in January 1886 and published with only a few interruptions since the JBNHS is one of the best-known journals in the fields of natural history conservation and biodiversity research.
 The Four False Weapons first published in 1937 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Henri Bencolin. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 European Voice is an English-language newspaper founded by The Economist Group in 1995. In 2013 it was sold to the French company Selectcom. The newspaper reports on the activities of the key European Union institutions: the European Commission European Parliament and Council of Ministers. The paper is available on subscription or by direct sale from a limited number of newsstands in Brussels London Luxembourg and Strasbourg – reflecting the specialist nature of its readership.
 The Book of Snobs is a collection of satirical works by William Makepeace Thackeray first published in the magazine Punch as The Snobs of England By One of Themselves. Published in 1848 the book was serialised in 1846/47 around the same time as Vanity Fair.While the word 'snob' had been in use since the end of the 18th century Thackeray's adoption of the term to refer to people who look down on others who are socially inferior quickly gained popularity.
 Fat Chance is a 1994 young adult novel written by Lesléa Newman. The book centers around a 13-year-old girl named Judi Liebowitz who goes on a bulimic diet to try to lose weight. The novel was published by Putnam Press in 1994–2004 and by Scholastic from 2004–present.
 Star Insight is a fortnightly magazine published as a supplement to The Daily Star Bangladesh's largest circulated English newspaper. The magazine aimed at promoting people and events and achievements from underprivileged rural and townships of Bangladesh. Prominent figures of Bangladesh like Shykh Seraj and Faridur Reza Sagar has contributed to the magazine. Publication began in July 1996.
 Grand Canyon: A Different View is a 2003 book edited by Tom Vail. The book features a series of photographs of the Grand Canyon illustrating 20 essays by creationists Steve Austin John Baumgardner Duane Gish Ken Ham Russell Humphreys Henry Morris John D. Morris Andrew A. Snelling Larry Vardiman John Whitcomb and Kurt Wise.
 Toloo (Persian: طلوع‎) is an Iranian newspaper in Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Abdolhamidkhan Matinossaltaneh and it was published in Bushire since 1900.
 Chronicle Extra (formerly known as The Herald and Post) is a free newspaper delivered weekly to residents in the Tyne and Wear and Northumberland area. The paper includes general news and information about that area within the last week. As well as News it also has information on sports and sells advertising Space to anyone needing it.
 Confessions of a Tax Collector is a non-fiction memoir by author and former Internal Revenue Service (IRS) tax collector Richard Yancey. Published in 2004 by HarperCollins the book is a memoir of the author's twelve years employed by the IRS. It received a positive review from Publishers Weekly and The Wall Street Journal called it one of the top five books ever written about taxes.
 The Gathering is a novel by Kelley Armstrong. It was released April 12 2011 by HarperTeen. The Gathering is the first book in Armstrong's Darkness Rising trilogy. Darkness Rising is the second trilogy in the Darkest Powers series. Darkness Rising follows a new set of kids. According to the author Kelley Armstrong she plans to bring the original group into the picture but it will not be any time soon. At least not until the third book in this trilogy.
 The Wizard the Life and Times of Nikola Tesla (ISBN 0806519606) is a 1998 biography book by Marc Seifer detailing the life of Nikola Tesla.
 Rider Reaper is the twenty-second book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 The African Journal of Ecology (formerly East African Wildlife Journal) is a quarterly scientific journal focused on the ecology and conservation of the animals and plants of Africa. It is published by Blackwell Publishing in association with the East African Wildlife Society.
 The Two Pearls of Wisdom (also known as Eon Eon: Dragoneye Reborn or Eon: Rise of the Dragoneye) is a 2008 fantasy novel by Alison Goodman. It follows the story of Eon who has potential to become a Dragoneye being able to control wind water and land. However Eon is actually a female concealed as a boy and with females forbidden she becomes a dangerous gamble.
 First Love: A Gothic Tale is a novella by award-winning novelist and essayist Joyce Carol Oates. It tells the story of Joise S_____ a girl who goes to stay at her aunt's mansion in upstate New York. While there she has an incestuous relationship with her cousin Jared. The novella deals with two of the more common recurring themes in Oates' work: teenage initiation and perplexing and problematic love.
 The Rug and the Bull is a fantasy story written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series. It was first published in the anthology Flashing Swords! #2 edited by Lin Carter (Doubleday 1973). It has also been translated into Italian German and Dutch.
 The Demolished Man by Alfred Bester is an American novel science fiction and inverted detective story that was the first Hugo Award winner in 1953. The story was first serialized in three parts beginning with the January 1952 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction followed by publication of the novel in 1953. The novel is dedicated to Galaxy's editor H. L. Gold who made suggestions during its writing. Bester's title was Demolition! but Gold talked him out of it.
 Hyakka Ryōran: Samurai Girls (Japanese: 百花繚乱 SAMURAI GIRLS Hepburn: Hyakka Ryōran Samurai Gāruzu shortened to Samurai Girls) is a light novel series written by Akira Suzuki with illustrations by Niθ to commemorate Hobby Japan's 40th anniversary. The first volume was released by Hobby Japan on February 28 2009 with thirteen volumes currently available in Japan as of December 28 2012 under their HJ Bunko imprint.
 Sewing a Friendship is a children's graphic novel written by Natalie Tinti. It tells the story of five young girls who must learn to work together and become friends in order to participate in a fashion show.
 Danger on Midnight River is the sixth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on July 1 1995 by Random House.
 Homosexuality and the Western Christian Tradition is a 1955 book about homosexuality by Derrick Sherwin Bailey a pioneering study that almost all modern historical research on gay people in the Christian west has depended upon.
 To Play the Fool is the second book in the Kate Martinelli series by Laurie R. King. Preceded by A Grave Talent and followed by the novel With Child it describes the investigation into the murder of a homeless man.
 Algebra Colloquium is a journal founded in 1994. It was initially published by Springer-Verlag Hong Kong Ltd. In 2005 from volume 12 onwards publishing rights were taken over by World Scientific. The company now publishes the journal quarterly.The journal is jointly-edited by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Soochow University. The journal mainly covers the field of pure and applied algebra.
 Portrait of M and N (MとNの肖像 M to N no Shōzō) is a manga by Tachibana Higuchi. It is published in Japan by Hakusensha and is serialized in Hana to Yume. The manga series has 6 volumes and Tokyopop began its English publication on February 9 2010.
 Diary of a Drug Fiend published in 1922 was occult writer and mystic Aleister Crowley's first published novel and is also reportedly the earliest known reference to the Abbey of Thelema in Sicily.
 Ídolos rotos (Broken Idols) is a novel by the Venezuelan writer Manuel Díaz Rodríguez that was published in 1901. It is considered one of the most pessimistic novels written in Venezuela since life in Caracas is presented in its social political and cultural aspects with a defeatist attitude where all chance of salvation has been given up on.
 The Public Image is a novel published in 1968 by Scottish author Muriel Spark and shortlisted for the Booker Prize the following year.It is set in Rome and concerns Annabel Christopher an up-and-coming film actress. Annabel carefully cultivates her image to keep her career on course managing to mask her lack of talent.
 BUTT is a quarterly magazine for gay men founded in 2001 and edited by Gert Jonkers and Jop van Bennekom.
 The Painter of Signs is a 1976 novel by R. K. Narayan.
 COM (コム Komu) was a manga magazine started in January 1967 by Osamu Tezuka. It was started in response to the success of Garo (which at that time was around its highest circulation) and as a way for Tezuka and other artists to showcase more avant-garde and experimental works in manga. The first seven stories of Phoenix were the most famous work to be published from this anthology before it went under in 1972.
 The Gone-Away World is a science fiction novel set in a post-apocalyptic world crippled by the 'Go-Away War'. First published in June 2008 by Heinemann it is the first novel written by Nick Harkaway.The book is written from the perspective of an unnamed character part of a group of ex special-operatives turned truckers that collectively make up the 'Haulage & HazMat Emergency Civil Freebooting Company'.
 The Sowetan is an English-language South African daily newspaper that started in 1981 as a liberation struggle newspaper and was freely distributed to households in the then apartheid-segregated township of Soweto Johannesburg Gauteng Province.Currently it is one of the largest national newspapers in South Africa.
 Nine O'Clock is a Romanian English-language newspaper. Founded in 1991 it consisted only of 4 pages when it was launched but has since then grown significantly in size and influence.[citation needed] Its main target audience is foreign residents businessmen living in Romania and English-speaking Romanians.The newspaper consists mainly of sections related to politics business sports culture Romania-related news and weather.
 The Journal of Veterinary Science is a scientific journal covering animal health.
 On the Steel Breeze is a science fiction novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds which was first published by Gollancz on 26 September 2013. It is the second part of Reynolds' future history Poseidon's Children trilogy following his 2012 novel Blue Remembered Earth.
 The Lonely Voyage is an adventure novel by English author John Harris. It is his first novel.
 Seizure is the 2003 novel by American author Robin Cook which explores the concerns raised by advances in therapeutic cloning. It debuted at Number 6 on The New York Times Best Seller list on August 3 2003. It remained on the best seller list for three weeks.
 Sharpe's Skirmish is a historical short story by Bernard Cornwell in his series about the adventures of Richard Sharpe.Sharpe's Skirmish was first written in 1998 and in a great hurry.[citation needed] British bookseller W. H.
 The Herald Democrat is a daily newspaper located in the twin cities of Sherman and Denison Texas United States about 60 miles (100 km) north of Dallas and 10 miles (16 km) south of the Red River and Lake Texoma. It is owned and published by Stephens Media LLC.
 The Brandon Sun is a daily newspaper printed in Brandon Manitoba. It is the primary newspaper of record for western Manitoba.It was founded by Will White with the first edition being printed on January 19 1882.The paper is currently owned by FP Canadian Newspapers which also owns and operates the Winnipeg Free Press.Alumni of the Sun include Henry Champ Haroon Siddiqui and Lubor J. Zink.
 Miyuki (Japanese: みゆき) is a romantic comedy manga series by Mitsuru Adachi. It was published by Shogakukan from 1980 to 1984 in the biweekly manga magazine Shōnen Big Comic (precursor to the current Weekly Young Sunday). The series was adapted into a movie an anime television series and a live-action television drama.
 The Liar (Italian: Il bugiardo) is a comedy by Carlo Goldoni. It was written as part of Goldoni's fulfilment of a boast that he had inserted into the epilogue to one of his plays that for the next season he would write sixteen comedies. The Liar along with the fifteen other comedies was staged in the 1750-51 season at the Teatro Sant' Angelo in Venice. It draws on commedia dell'arte conventions and stock characters.
 The Clue in the Old Album is the twenty-fourth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1947 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
 The International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering performance management and measurement. The editors-in-chief are Thomas F. Burgess (Leeds University Business School) and John Heap (National Productivity Centre). The journal was established in 1952 and is published by Emerald Group Publishing. It is the official journal of the World Confederation of Productivity Science.
 Análisis Filosófico is a peer-reviewed biannual open access academic journal that publishes scholarly articles on theoretical and practical philosophy in order to contribute to philosophical analysis development. The journal was established in 1981 as the official journal of the Argentine Society of Analytic Philosophy. The first editor-in-chief of Análisis Filosófico was the Argentine philosopher Eduardo Rabossi.
 The Fix: How Addiction Is Invading our Lives and Taking Over Your World is a non-fiction book by British writer and Daily Telegraph journalist Damian Thompson in which Thompson examines addiction and how it is being harboured in society. It was published in May 2012 by Collins and is his fourth book. Shortly after release its core contention that addiction is not a pathological disorder provoked controversy.
 The Cape Times is an English-language morning newspaper owned by Independent News & Media and published in Cape Town South Africa.As of 2012 the newspaper had a daily readership of 261 000 and a circulation of 34 523.
 Air Master (エアマスター Ea Masutā) is a seinen manga written and illustrated by Yokusaru Shibata. The story focuses on Maki Aikawa an ex-gymnast turned street fighter. The manga was serialized in the Hakusensha magazine Young Animal from 1997 to 2006 and has been collected into 28 tankōbon (bound volumes). A 27-episode anime adaptation was produced by Toei Animation and originally aired on Japan's Nippon Television from April 1 to September 23 2003.
 Fate is the Hunter ISBN 0-671-63603-0 was a 1961 bestseller by aviation author Ernest K. Gann.
 Hullabaloo in the Guava Orchard is a novel by Kiran Desai published in 1998. It is her first book and won the top prize for the Betty Trask Awards in 1998. It is set in the Indian village of Shahkot (state of Punjab) and follows the exploits of a young man Sampath Chawla trying to avoid the responsibilities of adult life.
 Beyond the Blue Event Horizon is a science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl. It is the sequel to his 1977 novel Gateway and is the second book in the Heechee saga. It was a finalist for the 1981 Hugo Award for Best Novel as well as the 1980 Nebula Award.
 Close to Home is a daily one-panel comic strip by American cartoonist John McPherson that debuted in 1992. The comic strip features no ongoing plot but is instead a collection of one-shot jokes covering a number of subjects that are close to home such as marriage children school work sports health and home life. It runs in nearly 700 newspapers worldwide.
 Three Essays on the Theory of Sexuality (German: Drei Abhandlungen zur Sexualtheorie) sometimes titled Three Contributions to the Theory of Sex is a 1905 work by Sigmund Freud which advanced his theory of sexuality in particular its relation to childhood.
 The Treasure is a 1904 novel by the Swedish writer Selma Lagerlöf. Its original Swedish title is Herr Arnes penningar which means Sir Arne's money. It has also been published in English as Herr Arne's Hoard. Set in Bohuslän in the 16th century it tells the story of a group of Scottish mercenaries who escape from prison; they go on to murder a family to steal a treasure chest after which one of them falls in love with the family's sole survivor.
 Monster Hunter Orage (モンスターハンター オラージュ Monsutā Hantā Orāju) is a shōnen manga written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima. Loosely based on the Monster Hunter series of video games by Capcom Monster Hunter Orage premiered in Kodansha's Shōnen Rival in April 2008.
 Poslovni dnevnik (English: The Business Daily) is a Croatian daily business newspaper published in Zagreb. The newspaper was launched in March 2004 and it claims to be the first Croatian business daily.
 The Last Encounter is a short story by C. S. Forester the final chapter in the life of his fictional naval hero Horatio Hornblower. It was published together with the unfinished novel Hornblower and the Crisis and another short story Hornblower and the Widow McCool.
 Krondor: The Betrayal is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the first novel in the The Riftwar Legacy and was first published in November 1998. It is a novelization of the computer game Betrayal at Krondor.
 Suicide Hill is a crime fiction novel written by James Ellroy.Released in 1987 it is the third and final installment of the Lloyd Hopkins Trilogy.
 Stirrings Still: The International Journal of Existential Literature (ISSN 1551-0433) is an academic journal founded in 2004 by members of Binghamton University's English Department. The journal was published biannually in the winter and the summer from 2004 to 2006 inclusive and annually from 2007.
 The International Pinguicula Study Group Newsletter was the official publication of The International Pinguicula Study Group a Pinguicula society based in the United Kingdom that was active during the 1990s. Typical articles included matters of horticultural interest field reports and scientific studies. Only 10 issues were ever released and the newsletter had an irregular publication history.
 The Brookings Register is a newspaper of South Dakota. The newspaper's offices are in Brookings South Dakota. The newspaper is used for public notices including those published for the South Dakota Public Utilities Commission.The newspaper is owned by the News Media Corporation a company which owns 71 newspapers in the United States mostly newspapers published in small cities in the western United States.
 The Hockey News commonly abbreviated to THN is a Canadian ice hockey magazine published by Transcontinental. The Hockey News was founded in 1947 by Ken McKenzie and Will Côté and has since been the most recognized hockey publication in North America. The magazine has a readership of 225000 people per issue while the magazine's website counts two million total readers.
 Archives of Oral Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering oral and craniofacial research in all vertebrates including work in palaeontology and comparative anatomy. It was established in 1959 and is published by Elsevier. The editors-in-chief are G.B. Proctor (King's College London) and G.R. Holland (University of Michigan).
 Srebro iz modre špilje is a novel by Slovenian author Slavko Pregl. It was first published in 2003.
 Scarlet was a monthly women's magazine launched in November 2004 with the tag line the new magazine for women who get it. It was published by Blaze Publishing Ltd since sold to Interactive Publishing. It was distributed UK-wide at retailers such as W H Smith Tesco Superdrug and Somerfield.
 The Doraemons (ザ☆ドラえもんズ Za Doraemonzu) is a spin-off series of long-running series Doraemon.
 Room is a 2010 coming-of-age novel by Irish-Canadian author Emma Donoghue. The story is told from the perspective of a five-year-old boy Jack who is being held captive in a small room along with his mother.
 Nasu (茄子 lit. Eggplant) is a manga series by Iou Kuroda. Serialized in Kodansha's Afternoon manga magazine the series spanned a total of 24 chapters and three tankōbon volumes the first of which was released on July 2001 the second of which was released on May 2002 and the last of which was released on December 2002. In 2003 a story from the series Summer in Andalusia was adapted into an anime film Nasu: Summer in Andalusia.
 Pieces of You is a work of fiction published by Daniel Armand Lee also known as Tablo leader of South Korean rap group Epik High. The book was first published in Korean on November 7 2008 and was later published in English on February 10 2009.
 Cloud Nine is a two-act play written by British playwright Caryl Churchill after workshops with the Joint Stock Theatre Company in late 1978 and first performed at Dartington College of Arts Devon on 14 February 1979.The two acts of the play form a contrapuntal structure. Act 1 is set in British colonial Africa in the Victorian era and Act 2 is set in a London park in 1979. However between the acts only twenty-five years pass for the characters.
 The Walking Dead: Rise of the Governor is a post-apocalyptic horror novel written by Robert Kirkman and Jay Bonansinga and released October 11 2011. The novel is a spin-off of The Walking Dead comic book series and explores the back-story of one of the series' most infamous characters The Governor. Rise of the Governor is the first of two completed works in a trilogy of novels. The Walking Dead's fourth season utilizes plots from the novel The Chalmers family in particular.
 Dead Man Falling is a crime novel by the American writer Randall Silvis.Set in 1990s in the Allegheny National Forest of Western Pennsylvania on the upper Allegheny River Valley including the Kinzua Dam north Pittsburgh it tells the story of wildlife filmmaker Mac Parris who has spent most of his adult life hiding from the FBI and his own past as he helps a young woman find her brother's killer.
 Bastion of Faith is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 2000.
 Changsha (Chinese: 长沙) is a poem written by Mao Zedong in 1925. It is considered by many Chinese to be of high literary quality and one of the best of Mao's poems.[citation needed]
 All the Wrong Places: Adrift in the Politics of the Pacific Rim is a 1988 collection of reports and reminiscences of his time as a journalist in Asia by the English poet James Fenton. It was reissued with a new introduction by Granta in 2005.
 Gum Gum Punch (ガムガムパンチ Gamu Gamu Panchi) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1967.
 The Press & Sun-Bulletin is a daily newspaper serving the area around Binghamton New York. It was formed by the 1985 merger of The Evening Press (Known as The Binghamton Press prior to 1960) and The Sun-Bulletin. It is owned by the Gannett Company who purchased The Binghamton Press in 1943 and The Sun-Bulletin in 1971.
 The Millennial Harbinger was a religious magazine established by the early Restoration Movement leader Alexander Campbell in 1830. Campbell viewed the magazine as an important vehicle for promoting the religious reforms that he believed would help usher in the millennium.
 Fast Second: How Smart Companies Bypass Radical Innovation to Enter and Dominate New Markets is a book written by Paul Geroski and Constantinos Markides and published by Jossey-Bass in 2005.According to the authors a fast second company lets other companies innovate and experiment to create new markets.
 Birdwatch (ISSN 0967-1870) is a British monthly magazine for birdwatchers established in 1992 by Solo Publishing. Distributed by subscription and also through newsagents it has a cover price of £4.10. Each edition is also available on iTunes.Key content areas include bird identification site guides skills development recent sightings and news and reviews.The circulation is around 13000.Solo Publishing was acquired by Warners Group Publications plc in 2008.
 Alireza is a memoir written by Iranian American author Arion Golmakani translated into Persian by Shadi Hamedi and published in January 2014. The book told in first person perspective tells the story of an abandoned little boy growing up on the streets of Iran before the Iranian Islamic Revolution of 1979.
 Like the Clouds Like the Wind (雲のように 風のように Kumo no yō ni Kaze no yō ni) is an anime television film produced by Studio Pierrot for NTV and based on the novel by Ken'ichi Sakemi.
 The Earth After Us is a 2008 non-fiction book by Jan Zalasiewicz about the geological legacy that humans might one day leave behind them.
 Mendy and the Golem originally written by Leibel Estrin and later by Matt Brandstein is the name of two American comic book series featuring Jewish characters.The original was a slapstick comedy aimed primarily at children. The second series straddles a variety of genres including swashbuckling adventures with elements of fantasy mystery and science fiction while retaining slapstick humor offset by dashes of satire and political and cultural commentary.
 International Game Theory Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by World Scientific. It contains articles and surveys on theories and applications of game theory in socio-economic and political contexts and other related areas. Aside from regular articles on theory methodology and application of games it also includes case studies and articles on policy-making issues. The current managing editor is David Yeung (Hong Kong Shue Yan University).
 Vortex is a 1978 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about a tornado attack on a small town. Cleary wrote a screenplay based on it but no movie resulted.
 Scott Pilgrim is a series of graphic stories by Bryan Lee O'Malley. It consists of six digest size black-and-white volumes released between August 2004 and July 2010 by Portland-based independent comic book publisher Oni Press. It was later republished by Fourth Estate an imprint of HarperCollins. The series is about Canadian Scott Pilgrim a slacker and part-time musician who lives in Toronto and plays bass guitar in the band Sex Bob-Omb.
 Kick-Ass is a creator-owned comic book series written by Mark Millar and illustrated by John Romita Jr. It is published by Marvel Comics under the company's Icon imprint.It is the story of Dave Lizewski a teenager who sets out to become a real life superhero. His actions are publicized on the Internet and inspire others.
 The Graph Giraffe is a comic in Madison Wisconsin’s Daily Cardinal student newspaper.The comic has appeared daily since May 2008 and features a giraffe pointing to the simple correlation of the day. The very first Graph Giraffe comic is notorious for the controversy it sparked throughout the city of Madison.
 The Road to Gandolfo is a story by Michael Shepherd (a pen name used by Robert Ludlum) about General MacKenzie Hawkins (The Hawk) a military legend and Army veteran. He defaces an important Chinese memorial as a result of being drugged by a Chinese general and is later kicked out of the Army.
 The Mendota Beacon was a free privately funded biweekly (and later weekly) published newspaper in Madison Wisconsin between 2005 and 2007. Its first issue was on February 12 2005 Republican president Abraham Lincoln's birthday. It was formed in 2004 as a conservative alternative to The Badger Herald The Daily Cardinal and The Madison Observer that are distributed throughout the UW–Madison campus and downtown area.
 MS&T (Military Simulation & Training) is an international defence simulation and training publication produced bi-monthly in the UK by Halldale Media. MS&T was first published in 1984 and has provided continuous international coverage ever since with its world-wide team of journalists.Halldale Media also publish MS&T's sister publication Civil Aviation Training Magazine (CAT).
 The Woven Path is the first book in the Tales from the Wyrd Museum series by Robin Jarvis. It was originally published in 1995.
 Trump: The Art of the Deal is a 1987 book by business magnate Donald Trump that is part memoir and part a business advice book. It held a position at the top of the New York Times Bestseller list for many weeks.[citation needed]The book was co-written by then-journalist (and later entrepreneur) Tony Schwartz. It was published on November 1 1987 by Warner Books.
 The Palestine Herald-Press published in Palestine Texas and distributed Tuesday through Friday mornings and again on Sunday morning. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. (CNHI).Founded in 1849 as the Palestine Advocate the Palestine Daily Herald came about following the Hamilton family's 1903 merger of the Advocate with the Palestine Press and Palestine Daily Visitor. The name Press was added under the Patrick family's ownership in 1966.
 The Shelters of Stone is a historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel published in April 2002. It is the sequel to The Plains of Passage – published 12 years earlier – and fifth in the Earth's Children series. It describes the return of Jondalar to his homeland along with Ayla.
 Die Musik was a German music magazine established in 1901 by Bernhard Schuster (1870–1934). It was published semimonthly by Schuster & Loeffler from Berlin and Leipzig. Schuster was its editor-in-chief from inception until July 1933 when the publication was taken over by the Third Reich. The final publication under the name Die Musik was February 1943.
 The Book of Bond or Every Man His Own 007 is a book by Kingsley Amis which was first published by Jonathan Cape in 1965. For this work Amis used the pseudonym Lt.-Col. William (Bill) Tanner.
 Economics & Sociology is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the socio-economic analysis of societies and economies institutions and organizations social groups networks and relationships. It was established in 2008 and is published by the Centre of Sociological Research (Ukraine). The editor-in-chief is Tomasz Bernat (Szczecin University).
 The MLA Handbook for Writers of Research Papers (1977; 7th ed. 2009) is a publication of the Modern Language Association of America based on The MLA Style Manual (3rd ed. 2008).
 My Ántonia (pronounced with the accent on the first syllable of Ántonia) is a novel published in 1918 by American writer Willa Cather considered one of her greatest works. It is the final book of her prairie trilogy of novels preceded by O Pioneers! and The Song of the Lark.
 The Post-War Dream is the eighth book by American author Mitch Cullin and was published by Random House in March 2008.Initial reviews of the novel were mixed with Kirkus calling it a misstep in Cullin's unpredictable adventurous and alas frustratingly uneven oeuvre and Publishers Weekly dismissing the work as sterile. But subsequent pre-publication reviews from Booklist Library Journal and The Denver Post were positive.In the March 16 edition of the Los Angeles Times Book Review and simultaneously published the Chicago Tribune critic Donna Seaman praised the book stating: In this exacting suspenseful elegiac yet life-embracing novel Cullin reminds us that no boundaries separate the personal and communal the past and present the false and true.
 The Measure of the Rule is a 1907 coming-of-age novel about a country teacher who migrates to the city to study engineering but is forced by dint of circumstance to go to a teacher’s training college where he meets his wife-to-be.
 The International Journal of Information Technology is an online peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Singapore Computer Society. Its aim is to disseminate information on the application of information technology.
 Woman's Journal was a women's rights periodical published from 1870-1931.
 Europe's Inner Demons: An Enquiry Inspired by the Great Witch-Hunt is a historical study of the beliefs regarding European witchcraft in Late Medieval and Early Modern Europe with particular reference to the development of the witches' sabbat and its influence on the witch trials in the Early Modern period.
 Jackie was a weekly British magazine for girls. The magazine was published by D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd of Dundee from 11 January 1964 until its closure on 3 July 1993—a total of 1534 issues.The name was chosen from a list of girls' names although it was nearly dropped due to the association with Jackie Kennedy following her husband's assassination in 1963.
 Horseman Pass By is the first novel written by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Larry McMurtry. The 1961 western portrays life on a cattle ranch from the perspective of young narrator Lonnie Bannon. Set in post-World War II Texas (1954) the Bannon ranch is owned by Lonnie's venerable grandfather Homer Bannon. Homer's ruthless stepson Hud stands as the primary antagonist of the novel.
 Grievance is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1990s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Detective Sergeant Ruggiero Rugs Carlucci the self-deprecating protégé of recently retired Mario Balzic is the protagonist.
 Diario ABC Color is a major Paraguayan newspaper with offices in the city of Asunción. The editorial that publishes the newspaper (Azeta) was founded August 8 1967. It is one of the most widely read daily newspapers in Paraguay. The director of the editorial is Aldo Zuccolillo the founder of the newspaper. In its formative years ABC Color supported Stroessner's autocratic regime.
 The Dark Hills Divide is a children's fantasy and mystery novel by Patrick Carman the first book in The Land of Elyon series. It focuses on Alexa Daley who is the daughter of Mr. Daley the mayor of fictional Lathbury.PlotThe 12-year-old Alexa Daley is spending another summer in Bridewell with her father mayor of Lathbury. She looks forward to exploring the old Renny Lodge where she stays each year with its cozy library and maze of passages and rooms.
 Mists of Dawn is a juvenile science fiction novel by science fiction writer and anthropologist Chad Oliver first published in 1952 by John C. Winston Co. as a part of the Winston Science Fiction series of juvenile novels. The story follows the adventures of adolescent Mark Nye when he is accidentally transported to the stone age by his uncle's time machine. It includes a factual foreword on the science of anthropology and how Oliver uses this science in the telling of his story.
 Yishu: Journal of Contemporary Chinese Art is the first English language journal to focus on contemporary Chinese art and culture. Each bi-monthly issue features scholarly essays on topical issues interviews with artists and curators conference proceedings and critical commentary on exhibitions and books.
 Acacia: The Other Lands is a fantasy novel by American author David Anthony Durham. It is a sequel to Acacia: The War With The Mein.
 Whispers from the Cotton Tree Root: Caribbean Fabulist Fiction is an anthology of speculative fiction by Caribbean authors edited by Nalo Hopkinson. Nominated for the 2001 World Fantasy Award for Best Anthology. It is out-of-print.
 The Writer is a monthly magazine for writers published by Madavor Media.
 Alaler Gharer Dulal (published in 1857) is a Bengali novel by Peary Chand Mitra (1814-1883). The writer used the pseudonym Tekchand Thakur for this novel.The novel describes the society of the nineteenth century Calcutta (now Kolkata) and the bohemian lifestyle of the protagonist named Matilal. The novel is a landmark in the history of Bengali language and Bengali literature as it used Cholitobhasa (colloquial form of the Bengali language) for the first time in print.
 Scalped is a critically acclaimed 60 issue crime/western comic book series written by Jason Aaron and illustrated by R. M. Guéra published monthly by Vertigo Comics. Issue #1 was published on January 3 2007.The series focuses on the Oglala Lakota inhabitants of the fictional Prairie Rose Indian Reservation in modern-day South Dakota as they grapple with organized crime rampant poverty drug addiction and alcoholism local politics and the preservation of their cultural identity.
 A Tree of Night and Other Stories is a short story collection by the American author Truman Capote published in early 1949. The titular short story A Tree of Night was first published by Harper’s Bazaar in October 1945.
 Running Out of Time is a novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix published in 1996.
 Christmas Angel is a small flip book for children written and illustrated by Laura Rader. It was published in 1996 by Leap Frog Co. and by Publications International Ltd.
 Playgrounds: a portrait of rave culture is a novel by Tom Griffin about 1990s dance and rave culture. Released in 2005 the novel is set during the peak period of the culture in the late 1990s. Set in Melbourne Australia the novel explores the warehouse rave scene and incorporates references to some of the biggest name DJ's and artists of the time.
 Hope Leslie or Early Times in the Massachusetts is a novel written by Catharine Maria Sedgwick. The book is considered significant because of its strong feminist overtones and ideas of equity and fairness toward Native Americans both of which were rare at the time the book was written in 1827. The book is a historical romance set mostly in 1643. A number of historical figures appear including Puritan leader John Winthrop Puritan heretic Samuel Gorton and the Pequot Indian Mononotto.
 Feminist Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge and the International Association for Feminist Economics in the field of feminist economics.Established in 1994 the journal was voted Best New Journal by the Council of Editors of Learned Journals in 1997.
 Hadassah: One Night with the King is a 2004 novel by Tommy Tenney and Mark Andrew Olsen based upon a retelling of the Biblical Book of Esther. However One Night with the King follows almost identically the novel Esther by Nathaniel Weinreb in plot including direct quotes and events in the novel.[citation needed] It was made into a film released in 2006 in the United States. Tenney is one of the producers of the film.
 Popoli is the international magazine of the Jesuits in Italy. Founded in 1915 it is currently edited in Milan.
 A Girl and Five Brave Horses is a memoir by Sonora Webster Carver published in 1961.At the age of 20 Sonora Webster Carver joined William Frank Carver's Wild West Show which featured diving horses and performed at Atlantic City's Steel Pier. Although Carver was blinded in a diving accident seven years later she continued to dive afterward. She wrote A Girl and Five Brave Horses documenting her life and her memories of diving horses.
 Talking Heads is a stage adaptation of the BBC series of the same title created by Alan Bennett. It consists of six monologues presented in alternating programs of three each.
 The African Journal of Traditional Complementary and Alternative Medicines is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in all areas of applied medicinal plants traditional medicine complementary alternative medicine food and agricultural technologies and promotion of healthy use of medicinal products. It is abstracted and indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE.
 The Journal of Sex & Marital Therapy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Routledge. Its editor-in-chief is R. Taylor Segraves. The journal's title is sometimes confused with the similar publication Sexual and Marital Therapy which is the original title to what is now the journal Sexual and Relationship Therapy.
 La Voix de l'Est ('The Voice of the East') was a Communist Party local weekly published from Bagnolet France. The newspaper was founded in 1932. In 1935 it had a circulation of 8000 by 1937 the circulation had reached 121000. As of the mid-1930s Coudert the mayor of Bagnolet was the director of the newspaper.La Voix de l'Est continued publication after the Second World War.
 Haroun and the Sea of Stories is a 1990 children's book by Salman Rushdie. It was Rushdie's fourth novel after The Satanic Verses. It is a phantasmagorical story that begins in a city so old and ruinous that it has forgotten its name.Haroun and the Sea of Stories is an allegory for several problems existing in society today especially in the Indian subcontinent. It looks at these problems from the viewpoint of the young protagonist Haroun.
 On China is a 2011 nonfiction book by former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. Kissinger one of the most famous diplomats of the 20th century is well known for the role he played in Sino-American relations during the Nixon administration and in particular the 1972 Nixon visit to China. Thus his book focuses on Chinese history through the lens of foreign policy considerations and in particular his own brand of realpolitik.
 The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents is a collection of fifteen fantasy and science fiction short stories written by the English author H. G. Wells between 1893 and 1895. It was first published by Methuen & Co. in 1895 and was Wells's first book of short stories. All of the stories had first been published in various weekly and monthly periodicals.
 Everwild is a 2010 fantasy novel by the acclaimed award winning young-adult fiction author Neal Shusterman. The book is the second book in the acclaimed Skinjacker Trilogy which takes place in Everlost a limbo-like place between life and death.
 The Enchanted Wood is a children's novel written by Enid Blyton the first in The Faraway Tree series.
 IEEE Magnetics Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the physics and engineering of magnetism magnetic materials applied magnetics design and application of magnetic devices biomagnetics magneto-electronics and spin electronics. It publishes short articles of up to four pages in length and is a hybrid open access journal.
 The Cattle King is an Australian biography of Sidney Kidman.Idriess researched and wrote it through 1935.It was one of Ion Idriess' best selling books.
 The Festival of San Joaquin is a 1997 novel and the third from Belizean-American Zee Edgell. In a change from her first two novels Beka Lamb and In Times Like These the story is set in the village of San Joaquin Corozal District.
 Gulf Run is a military fantasy novel by David Sherman. It is set in a world where demons may be tamed and used to serve somewhat in the sense of technology. It is the third novel in Sherman's DemonTech series.
 Blart II: The Boy Who Was Wanted Dead Or Alive - Or Both is the sequel to Dominic Barker's Blart: The Boy Who Didn't Want To Save The World released in 2007. It was published by Bloomsbury Publishing Plc.
 A Dog on Barkham Street is a children's novel published in 1960 written by Mary Stolz and illustrated by Leonard Shortall. It was voted one of 41 notable children's books of 1960 in a poll of librarians conducted by the American Library Association.A companion novel The Bully of Barkham Street was published in 1963. This presents the events of A Dog on Barkham Street from another point of view.
 Elijah of Buxton is a children's novel written by Christopher Paul Curtis. His fourth book it won the 2008 Coretta Scott King Award the 2008 Newbery Honor the 2008 Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction and the 2008 Canadian Library Association Book of the Year for Children Award Book of the Year for Children Award of the Canadian Library Association
 Medicinemaker: Mystic Encounters on the Shaman's Path (ISBN 0-553-37932-1) is the second book in the Spiritwalker trilogy written by Dr. Hank Wesselman. The trilogy details a series of out-of-body experiences to a tribal society 5000 years in the future.
 Ink: The Book of All Hours 2 is a speculative fiction novel by Hal Duncan.It is Duncan's second novel and a sequel to Vellum: The Book of All Hours. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Pan Macmillan in February 2007 and later that same month in the USA by Del Rey an imprint of Random House.
 William and Mary Men's Soccer (Images of Sports) is a book published in 2010 by Arcadia Publishing.
 Shikari in Galveston is an alternate history short story written by S. M. Stirling. It is a prequel to The Peshawar Lancers.
 Doctor Dolittle in the Moon (1928) was intended to be the last of Hugh Lofting's Doctor Dolittle books and differs considerably in tone from its predecessors; the stripped down narrative does not have room for any of the sub-plots and tales previously present. Instead there is a growing sense of an event about to happen that is almost spooky in tone.
 The Underneath by Kathi Appelt is the story of an abandoned cat who goes to live with a maltreated hound dog underneath a crooked old house in a bayou on the border between Louisiana and Texas. Published in 2008 The Underneath is a John Newbery Honor book ALA Notable Children's Book and was a National Book Award Finalist.
 Red Dust is a novel written by South African-born Gillian Slovo that is structured around the hearings of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC) in the fictional town Smitsrivier and also addresses the question of truth.In post-apartheid South Africa retired anti-apartheid activist and lawyer Ben Hoffman cannot turn down James Sizela's wish to use the Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC) hearing of local ex-police officer Dirk Hendricks to find out what happened to James's son Steve who has been missing since the mid-1980s confrontation between white state authorities and the black African National Congress (ANC). 
 The Toledo Free Press is a semi-weekly paper in Toledo Ohio. It was founded in March 2005 by Thomas Pounds a veteran administrator of daily newspapers in Toledo and Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. On March 10 2010 the paper added a Wednesday edition called the Toledo Free Press STAR that is available only at newsstands throughout Northwest Ohio.
 B.O.D.Y. is a shōjo romance and drama manga written and illustrated by Ao Momori. It was serialized in Bessatsu Margaret from 2004 until its conclusion in 2008 issue. The individual chapters were collected and published in 15 bound volumes by Shueisha with the first volume released on April 23 2004 and the final volume released on October 24 2008.The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Viz Media. The manga is also licensed in France by Panini Comics.
 Merlin is a dramatic narrative poem by Edwin Arlington Robinson written in 1917.
 A Full Vindication of the Measures of Congress was one of Alexander Hamilton's first published works published in December 1774 while Hamilton was a 19-year-old student at King's College in New York City.In this pamphlet dated December 15 1774 Hamilton defend the actions of the First Continental Congress at Philadelphia against the accusations of author A.W.
 The House of Discarded Dreams is a 2010 fantasy novel by Ekaterina Sedia.
 glow is a Canadian beauty and health magazine founded in 2002 and published by Rogers Communications eight times a year. glow also has two sister magazines glow health and teen glow as well as a French version pure.Glow is a Canadian beauty fashion and health magazine founded in 2002 and was published by Rogers Communications. St. Joseph Communications re-launched the magazine with the May 2012 issue as Canada's Beauty Expert.
 Wild Cardz known in Japan as Jaja-uma Quartet (Jaja馬!カルテット) is a Japanese manga series written by Noritaka Suzuki. It was adapted into a two-episode original video animation (OVA) anime in 1997 directed by Yasuchika Nagaoka. It was released in Japan by Studio OX Movic and BMG Victor Japan. It has been released in North America by Central Park Media.
 Catwoman: When in Rome is a DC Comics six-issue miniseries written by Jeph Loeb and drawn by Tim Sale. Sale took inspiration for his art from Rene Gruau French/Italian fashion illustrator. The story features DC Comics character Catwoman on a trip to Rome to discover the identity of her father whom she believes to be crime lord Carmine Falcone. The story takes place in parallel to the later issues of Batman: Dark Victory.
 The Elegance of the Hedgehog (French: L'Élégance du hérisson) is a novel by the French novelist and professor of philosophy Muriel Barbery. The book follows events in the life of a concierge Renée Michel whose deliberately concealed intelligence is uncovered by an unstable but intellectually precocious girl named Paloma Josse.
 Fever Crumb is a young adult post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Philip Reeve published in 2009. A sequel called A Web of Air was published in April 2010. Both are prequels to the Mortal Engines Quartet series of novels by the same author.
 The Moneypenny Diaries: Guardian Angel is the first in a planned trilogy of novels chronicling the life of Miss Moneypenny M's personal secretary in Ian Fleming's James Bond series. The diaries were authored by Samantha Weinberg under the pseudonym Kate Westbrook who is depicted as the book's editor. The first instalment subtitled Guardian Angel was released in the United Kingdom on October 10 2005 by John Murray publishers.
 Chicago is a monthly magazine published by the Tribune Company. It concentrates on lifestyle and human interest stories and on reviewing restaurants travel fashion and theatre from or nearby Chicago. Its circulation in 2004 was 165000 larger than People in its market. Also in 2004 it received the National Magazine Award for General Excellence. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).
 Throne of a Thousand Years is a non-fiction book written by Jacob Truedson Demitz and published in 1996 and is the first English-language historical account solely about the kings and queens of Sweden.It details their personal histories the impact of their reigns on Scandinavian history and the political implications of disclosed dynastic ties in Europe.Sponsored mainly by Ericsson ABB and the Swedish Postal Service the account was published by Ristesson Ent in Ludvika and Los Angeles.
 The Night at the Museum published in 1993 is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Milan Trenc. This book is Trenc's best known title and in 2006 was produced as a feature film titled Night at the Museum. In 2006 the movie was novelized by Leslie Goldman as a book for young adults.
 The Story of the Amulet is a novel for children written in 1906 by English author Edith Nesbit.It is the final part of a trilogy of novels that also includes Five Children and It (1902) and The Phoenix and the Carpet (1904). In it the children re-encounter the Psammead—the it in Five Children and It.
 Weavers of Twilight is a 2004 fantasy short story by Louise Katz.
 The Ambition of Oda Nobuna (織田信奈の野望 Oda Nobuna no Yabō) is a Japanese light novel series written by Mikage Kasuga and illustrated by Miyama-Zero. It was adapted into an anime television series that aired from July 9 2012 to September 24 2012.
 The Black Flame is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Stanley G. Weinbaum oregionally published in hardcover by Fantasy Press in 1948.After his death Weinbaum became science fiction's first cult author; Dawn of Flame appeared as the title piece of a 1936 memorial story collection while The Black Flame was the lead feature in the January 1939 debut issue of Startling Stories.
 Tripwire is the third book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published in 1999 by Putnam in America and Bantam in the United Kingdom. It is written in the third person.
 W or the Memory of Childhood (French: W ou le souvenir d'enfance) is a semi-autobiographical work of fiction by Georges Perec published in 1975. Perec's novel consists of alternating chapters of autobiography and of a fictional story divided into two parts. The autobiographical thread is a collection of uncertain memories as well as descriptions of photos which preserve moments from Perec's childhood.
 The Nicolas Sarkozy Voodoo Manual is a satirical book by Yaël Rolognese about the French President Nicolas Sarkozy published in France by K&B Editors.
 Frozen in Time is an award-winning book by author Ali Sparkes. It has won two Blue Peter awards. Set in Britain 2009 the story researches cryonic suspension and life in 1956 Britain as well.Main CharactersBen Rachel Freddy Polly and Uncle J (JJ)
 The Circular Ruins (original Spanish title: Las Ruinas Circulares) is a fantasy short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges. Published in the literary journal Sur in December 1940 it was included in the 1941 collection The Garden of Forking Paths (El jardín de senderos que se bifurcan) and the 1944 collection Ficciones. It was first published in English in View (Series V No. 6 1946) translated by Paul Bowles.
 The Fiery Trial: Abraham Lincoln and American Slavery is a historical non-fiction book written by American historian Eric Foner. Published in 2010 by W. W.
 Streets of Glory is a 6-issue western comic book mini-series written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Mike Wolfer. It was published by Avatar Press and the first issue was released in September 2007.
 Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang is a book by Chelsea Handler that was published in March 2010.
 Three Bags Full: A Sheep Detective Story (original German title: Glennkill: Ein Schafskrimi) is a work of detective fiction which features a flock of anthropomorphic Irish sheep out to solve the murder of their shepherd. Written originally in German by Leonie Swann the novel has been translated into more than 30 languages.
 Dutch the Magazine is a bi-monthly Canadian magazine about The Netherlands and its people. It covers issues like society politics culture history food and travel. It covers the Netherlands and its inhabitants and Dutch settlements abroad especially in North America. The magazine was launched in August 2011 with an initial circulation of 2500 in Canada and the USA.
 The Lushi (Chinese: 路史; literally Grand History) is an unofficial history of China written by Southern Song Dynasty scholar Luo Mi (罗泌; 1131–1203) with key assistance from his son Luo Ping (罗苹). As Lushi mixes historical facts with legends and folklore its reliability has been disputed by historians. However it is a valuable work for the study of ancient Chinese mythology. The extant version of Lushi was assembled by the later scholars based on Luo's work.
 These Shining Lives is a play written by Melanie Marnich. Based on the true story of four women who worked in a watch factory in Ottawa Illinois the play dramatizes the danger women faced in the workforce in the 1920s and the lack of concern by companies for protecting the health of its employees.
 The Cheerleader is a 1974 coming of age novel by Ruth Doan MacDougall.
 Juan Moreira is an Argentine novel written by Eduardo Gutiérrez. It was written during the winter of 1879 and is considered one of the most important works of Argentine literature. Shortly after its publication it was developed into a successful play which is itself foundational in Buenos Aires's theatre. Three homonymous versions of the novel were made into a film: one in 1936 one in 1948 and the more famous 1973 version directed by Leonardo Favio.
 Temple is a thriller novel written by Australian author Matthew Reilly and first published in 1999. Like Reilly's other books Temple's major attractions are the fast pace and the complexity of the action scenes.At the time of publication Reilly hinted at the possibility of a sequel starring the same protagonist Professor William Race but the release of such a book has never been officially confirmed.
 The Archivist is an American novel by Martha Cooley first published in a hardcover format by Little Brown and Company in 1998. The story makes extensive reference to the poetry of T. S. Eliot and it dwells on themes such as guilt insanity and suicide. The book was reprinted in 1999 by Back Bay Books an imprint of Little Brown and Company.
 A Winter Amid the Ice (French: Un hivernage dans les glaces) is an 1855 short adventure story by Jules Verne.The story was first printed in April–May 1855 in the magazine Musée des familles. It was later reprinted by Pierre-Jules Hetzel in the collection Doctor Ox (1874) as part of the Voyages Extraordinaires series. Three English translations (A Winter Amid the Ice by George Makepeace Towle A Winter Among the Ice-Fields by Abby L.
 Hannibal's Children is the 2002 alternate history novel by John Maddox Roberts.
 You Have to Be Careful in the Land of the Free is a novel by the Scottish writer James Kelman first published in 2004.
 The magazine Paradis was launched in 2006 by its creator and publisher the art director Thomas Lenthal.
 MUSICultures is a peer-reviewed academic journal formerly published as Canadian Journal for Traditional Music/La Revue de musique folklorique canadienne (1996–2002) and Canadian Folk Music Journal (1973–1996). The journal includes scholarly articles pertaining to Canadian global and transnational music.
 The Little House is a 1942 book written and illustrated by Virginia Lee Burton.
 The Revista del Instituto de Historia Antigua Oriental was a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Instituto de Historia Antigua Oriental Dr. Abraham Rosenvasser (Institute of Ancient Near Eastern Studies) Faculty of Philosophy and Letters University of Buenos Aires. It covered the history of the societies of the Ancient Near East and the Eastern Mediterranean from the Paleolithic through the Roman-Hellenistic period.
 The Vampire Stories of R. Chetwynd-Hayes is a collection of horror short stories by the author R. Chetwynd-Hayes edited by Stephen Jones. It was released in 1997 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1000 copies of which 100 were signed by the author editor illustrator cover artist and Brian Lumley who wrote the foreword. Most of the stories originally appeared in other anthologies and collections.
 The Mystery of Edwin Drood is the final novel by Charles Dickens. The novel was unfinished at the time of Dickens's death (9 June 1870) and his ending for it is unknown. Consequently the identity of the murderer remains subject to debate.Though the novel is named after the character Edwin Drood the story focuses on Drood's uncle choirmaster John Jasper who is in love with his pupil Rosa Bud.
 The Sun Star is the student newspaper of the University of Alaska Fairbanks formed in a merger of the Northern Sun and the Polar Star.
 Living Dead in Dallas is the second book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries. This second novel follows the adventures of telepathic waitress Sookie Stackhouse of Bon Temps Louisiana as she is employed by Dallas vampires to use her telepathy to help find their lost companion.
 Insufferable is an American comic book series written by Mark Waid and digitally published by Waid's Thrillbent label. The series described by Waid as a dramedy follows an estranged superhero team; the dedicated hero Nocturnus and his arrogant egotistical former sidekick Galahad who are forced to reunite to tackle a new case. Insufferable reunited Waid with his Irredeemable creative team artist Peter Krause and colorist Nolan Woodward.
 The Ratirahasya (Sanskrit रतिरहस्य ) (translated in English as Secrets of Love also known as the Koka Shastra) is a medieval Indian sex manual written by Kokkoka a poet who is variously described as Koka or Koka Pundit. The exact date of its writing is not known but it is estimated the text was written in the 11th or 12th century. It is speculated that Ratirahasya was written to please a king by the name Venudutta. Kokkoka describes himself in the book as siddha patiya pandita i.e.
 Nemesis is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: Evil lurks where the science and supernatural collide. (The promotional picture of the book cover in this article has the wrong tagline.)
 Vikublaðið is a free Faroese weekly newspaper. In a national survey it came out as the most read newspaper on the islands.
 The Russia House is a spy novel by John le Carré published in 1989. The title refers to the nickname given to the portion of the British Secret Intelligence Service that was devoted to spying on the Soviet Union. A film based on the novel was released in 1990 starring Sean Connery and Michelle Pfeiffer and directed by Fred Schepisi. The BBC also produced a radio play which starred Tom Baker.
 Ezerzeme is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Glamorama is a 1998 novel by American writer Bret Easton Ellis. Glamorama is set in and satirizes the 1990s specifically celebrity culture and consumerism. Time describes the novel as a screed against models and celebrity.
 Shonku Ekai Aksho (Shonku All in All) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1983. Ray wrote the stories on Professor Shanku in Bengali magazine Sandesh and Anandamela. This book is a collection of four of Shonku stories.
 Dengeki PlayStation (電撃PlayStation) is a Japanese gaming magazine published by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks). The magazine originally featured information pertaining to PlayStation video games but since then has also incorporated information from PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable games. The magazine first went on sale in December 1994 as a special edition version of Dengeki G's Magazine.
 Flinx Transcendent is a science fiction novel by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the fourteenth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series and was released in April 2009. The novel is the final volume in the series.
 The Yiddish Policemen's Union is a 2007 novel by American author Michael Chabon. The novel is a detective story set in an alternative history version of the present day based on the premise that during World War II a temporary settlement for Jewish refugees was established in Sitka Alaska in 1941 and that the fledgling State of Israel was destroyed in 1948.
 T+D is a monthly business magazine published by The American Society for Training & Development. It was first published in 1946 (as The Journal of Industrial Training). Other formal titles for the magazine have included Training and Development Journal and Training & Development.
 Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell is the 2004 first novel by British writer Susanna Clarke. An alternative history set in 19th-century England around the time of the Napoleonic Wars it is based on the premise that magic once existed in England and has returned with two men: Gilbert Norrell and Jonathan Strange.
 Flowers for Algernon is a science fiction short story and subsequent novel written by Daniel Keyes. The short story written in 1958 and first published in the April 1959 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1960.
 The Half Moon Bay Review has been serving the San Mateo County Coastside since 1898. It is published each Wednesday morning and circulated by carrier mail counter and rack sales to homes and businesses on the Coastside.Each week 7500 paid copies of the Half Moon Bay Review are distributed to homes from Montara to Pescadero.
 Settling Accounts: The Grapple by Harry Turtledove is the third book in the Settling Accounts tetralogy an alternate history setting of World War II in North America. It is part of the Southern Victory Series which supposes that the Confederate States of America won the American Civil War. It takes place in the Southern Victory Series Earth in 1943.
 Seeing Redd is a novel written by Frank Beddor inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass.Seeing Redd is the second book in the Looking Glass Wars trilogy which is currently seeing further development in a variety of entertainment-related fields such as a spin-off comic book limited series (Hatter M). Seeing Redd was released in the United States on August 21 2007.
 Curculio also called The Weevil is a Latin comedic play for the early Roman theatre by Titus Maccius Plautus. It is the shortest of Plautus's surviving plays.
 The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution is a 2009 book by British biologist Richard Dawkins which was released on 3 September 2009 in the UK and on 22 September 2009 in the US It sets out the evidence for biological evolution and is Dawkins's 10th book following his best-selling critique of religion The God Delusion (2006) and The Ancestor's Tale (2004) which traced human ancestry back to the dawn of life.The book is published in the United Kingdom and Commonwealth nations by Transworld and in the United States by Free Press. 
 Novy Chas (New Time in English) is an independent weekly newspaper published in Belarus.
 The Great Hunger is a book written in 1962 by British historian Cecil Woodham-Smith (1896-1977) about the Great Famine in Ireland in 1845-1849.
 IEEE Intelligent Systems is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the IEEE Computer Society and sponsored by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence.
 Bloodlines: The Story of Urza's Destiny is a 1999 fantasy novel by American author Loren Coleman in the Artifacts Cycle.
 Jumbee and Other Uncanny Tales is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Henry S. Whitehead. It was released in 1944 and was his first book published by Arkham House. 1559 copies were printed. The introduction is by Whitehead's fellow Floridian Robert H. Barlow. The stories for this volume were taken chiefly from the magazines Weird Tales and Adventure.
 The Trial (original German title: Der Process later Der Prozess Der Proceß and Der Prozeß) is a novel written by Franz Kafka in 1914 and 1915 but not published until 1925. One of Kafka's best-known works it tells the story of a man arrested and prosecuted by a remote inaccessible authority with the nature of his crime revealed to neither him nor the reader.Like Kafka's other novels The Trial was never completed although it does include a chapter which brings the story to an end.
 The Guns of August (1962) also published as August 1914 is a volume of history by Barbara Tuchman. It is centered around the first month of World War I. After introductory chapters Tuchman describes in great detail the opening events of the conflict.
 Time in Advance (no ISBN) is a collection of four short stories by science fiction writer William Tenn (a pseudonym for the sci-fi work of Philip Klass).
 Cirque du Freak (also known as Cirque du Freak: A Living Nightmare) is the first novel in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan. Which comprises the first three of the 12 book saga. Cirque du Freak was first published in the United Kingdom by HarperCollins in 2000 and was later published in the Vampire Blood Series in 2003 and 2004. A film version was released in 2009.
 In Hugh Lofting's 1925 book Doctor Dolittle's Zoo Doctor Dolittle returns from his voyages and sets his house in order. This includes expanding his zoo to include a home for crossbred dogs and a club for rodents. The doctor also takes time to solve a mystery with the aid of Kling the Dog Detective.
 Bluebeard (German: Blaubart) is a 1982 novel by the Swiss writer Max Frisch. It tells the story of a medical doctor who is accused of murder of his ex-wife. It was Frisch's last novel.
 The Sword of Shannara is a 1977 epic fantasy novel by Terry Brooks. The first book of the Original Shannara Trilogy it was followed by The Elfstones of Shannara and The Wishsong of Shannara. Heavily derived from J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings Brooks began writing The Sword of Shannara in 1967. It took him seven years to complete as he was writing the novel while attending law school.
 I Want My MTV: The Uncensored Story of the Music Video Revolution (usually shortened to I Want My MTV) is a 2011 book about the rise of American cable television channel MTV its heyday and its transformation from a strictly music video channel. The book relies almost entirely on interviews and anecdotes from the cable channel’s founders and the artists whose videos appeared on the channel.
 Engineering Legends: Great American Civil Engineers is a 2005 book by renowned engineer Richard Weingardt.
 The Cater Street Hangman is a crime novel by Anne Perry. It is the first in a series which features the husband-and-wife team of Thomas and Charlotte Pitt.
 French Studies is a United Kingdom-based journal published by Oxford University Press for the Society for French Studies.It was founded in 1947 and publishes articles on all periods of French and francophone literature and culture as well as book reviews. In addition to the printed copy the journal has been available for subscribers online since 2002.
 Crime Illustrated was a black-and-white magazine published by EC Comics in late 1955 and early 1956. Part of EC's Picto-Fiction line each magazine featured three to five stories. The format alternated panels of typography with panels of illustrations. Thus it was arranged in tiers like a comic book but eliminated hand-lettering balloons and panel borders.The first issue appeared with a cover date of November-December 1955. Crime Illustrated ran for a total of two issues.
 The Daily Comet is a newspaper in Thibodaux Louisiana United States. It covers Lafourche Assumption the west bank of St. James and the northern part of Terrebonne parishes.It began publishing in 1889 as the weekly Lafourche Comet. It is the only paper currently published in America named Comet. Its publisher a Democrat selected the name Comet because the rival Republican newspaper was named the Star.
 Naruto (ナルト) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto. It tells the story of Naruto Uzumaki an adolescent ninja who constantly searches for recognition and dreams to become the Hokage the ninja in his village who is acknowledged as the leader and the strongest of all.
 Murder on the Nile (1944) is a murder mystery play by crime writer Agatha Christie based on her 1937 novel Death on the Nile.
 Facundo: Civilization and Barbarism (original Spanish title: Facundo: Civilización y Barbarie) is a book written in 1845 by Domingo Faustino Sarmiento a writer and journalist who became the seventh president of Argentina. It is a cornerstone of Latin American literature: a work of creative non-fiction that helped to define the parameters for thinking about the region's development modernization power and culture.
 In the Best Families (British title Even in the Best Families) is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1950. The story was collected in the omnibus volumes Five of a Kind (Viking 1961) and Triple Zeck (Viking 1974).This is the third of three Nero Wolfe books that involve crime boss Arnold Zeck and his widespread operations (the others are And Be a Villain and The Second Confession).
 The North County Times was a local newspaper in San Diego's North County. It was headquartered in Escondido. The final publisher was Peter York.It was formed in 1995 from the merger of the North County Blade-Citizen of Oceanside (founded 1929) and the Escondido Times-Advocate (founded 1909) by Howard Publications. Beginning in 1997 the Times also published The Californian in Temecula located in southwest Riverside County.
 Icebound is a novel written by best-selling author Dean Koontz. The book was originally published in 1976 under the title Prison of Ice under Koontz's pseudonym David Axton and was revised and re-released as Icebound in 1995.
 Watashi no Kyūseishu-sama (私の救世主さま My Messiah) is a Japanese manga series by Suu Minazuki serialized in Monthly Shōnen Gangan. It ran from 2002 to 2007 with 26 chapters. The sequel Watashi no Kyūseishu-sama ~lacrima~ was serialized in Monthly GFantasy with 35 chapters. The whole series has 13 volumes.
 Suicide in B♭ is a play by Sam Shepard.
 HaJaBaRaLa (Bengali: হযবরল) or HJBRL: A Nonsense Story is a novella or novelette by Sukumar Ray.This story belongs to the nonsense genre as does most of Sukumar Ray's fiction. There is a similarity to Alice In Wonderland in plot organisation and the ending though these characteristics could be said to be common to most nonsense stories.
 The Western Mail is a daily tabloid newspaper published by Media Wales Ltd in Cardiff Wales owned by the UK's largest newspaper company Trinity Mirror.It describes itself as the national newspaper of Wales (originally the national newspaper of Wales and Monmouthshire) although it has a very limited circulation in North Wales. The paper was published in broadsheet format until 2004 when it became a compact.
 Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm is a classic American 1903 children's novel by Kate Douglas Wiggin that tells the story of Rebecca Rowena Randall and her two stern aunts in the fictional village of Riverboro Maine. Rebecca's joy for life inspires her aunts but she faces many trials in her young life gaining wisdom and understanding. Wiggin wrote a sequel New Chronicles of Rebecca.
 The Newton Kansan is an American daily newspaper published five days per week (excluding major holidays) in Newton Kansas. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper covers Harvey County including the cities of Newton Burrton Halstead Hesston North Newton and Sedgwick.The paper was founded as a weekly in 1872 and converted to a daily circulation in 1886. In 1952 it changed its name from The Evening Kansan-Republican to The Newton Kansan.
 Universum is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in social sciences and humanities of Latin America. It is published by the Instituto de Estudios Humanísticos Abate Juan Ignacio Molina (University of Talca) and is also financed by that university with the sponsorship of local companies. The editor-in-chief is Francisco Javier Pinedo (University of Talca).
 Cross Roads is a 2012 Christian fiction novel by author William Paul Young. The book was released on November 13 2012 by FaithWords and centers on a self-centered businessman who discovers another world after being struck comatose by a sudden ailment.
 The Daily Democrat is the major daily newspaper in Woodland California and Yolo County California. The paper is owned by MediaNews Group. Its headquarters are located in Woodland on Main Street in Woodland's Historic Downtown.
 My Lord John was Georgette Heyer's last novel and was published after her death.
 Knee Surgery Sports Traumatology Arthroscopy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering orthopedic surgery especially as related to sports trauma and surgeries in particular arthroscopies. It is the official journal of the European Society of Sports Traumatology Knee Surgery and Arthroscopy. It was established in 1992 by Ejnar Eriksson who was editor-in-chief for the first 16 years. He was succeeded by Jon Karlsson.
 The God Beneath the Sea is a children's novel based on Greek mythology written by Leon Garfield and Edward Blishen illustrated by Charles Keeping and published by Longman in 1970. It was awarded the annual Carnegie Medal (Garfield & Blishen) and commended for the companion Greenaway Medal (Keeping) by the British Library Association. Pantheon Books published a U.S.
 L'Alba was an Italian-language fascist weekly newspaper published from Tunis Tunisia. It was founded by Giuseppe Colombo and R. A. Oliva the first issue came out on September 5 1935.Regarding the war against Ethiopia l'Alba boasted of having two companies of blackshirts from Tunisia Numidie and Zama at the battle-fields. The publication displayed vulgar attacks freemasons and anti-fascists and appealed to Italians to buy Italian products.
 This article is about the Eric Nylund novel for the graphic novel Signal to Noise see Signal to Noise (comics).Signal to Noise is a 1998 cyberpunk novel by Eric S. Nylund. It is the first half of a duology the second half being A Signal Shattered.
 For the genre see yaoi.Boys Love (ボーイズ ラブ) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kaim Tachibana. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume through its imprint DokiDoki on September 23 2009. It is licensed in Germany by Egmont Manga & Anime and Taiwan by Ching Win Publishing. The story is based on the 2006 film Boys Love and the follow up 2007 film Boys Love the Movie both co-written directed by Kotaro Terauchi.
 Budding Prospects is a 1984 novel by T. C. Boyle. It details the misadventure of protagonist Felix Nasmyth who plans to get rich by illegally growing marijuana.
 Dragonquest is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. It is the sequel to Dragonflight set seven years later and the second book in the Dragonriders of Pern series. Dragonquest was first published by Ballantine Books in May 1971.
 The Hockey Book For Girls is an introductory book about hockey for females. It was written by former Canadian women's ice hockey player Stacy Wilson. The book was first published by Kids Can Press in September 2000.
 The Farther Adventures of Robinson Crusoe (now more commonly rendered as The Further adventures of Robinson Crusoe) is a novel by Daniel Defoe first published in 1719. Just as in its significantly more popular predecessor Robinson Crusoe (1719) the first edition credits the work's fictional protagonist Robinson Crusoe as its author.
 King Leopold's Ghost (1998) is a best-selling popular history book by Adam Hochschild that explores the exploitation of the Congo Free State by King Leopold II of Belgium between 1885 and 1908 as well as the atrocities that were committed during that period.The book aims to increase public awareness of crimes committed by European colonial rulers in Africa. It was refused by nine of the ten U.S.
 Postgraduate Medicine is a global peer reviewed medical journal published by JTE Multimedia. The journal was founded in 1916 with Charles W. Mayo MD as its first editor-in-chief. Six issues of the journal are published annually. Each issue contains original research academic review articles and editorials and its primary audience is the primary care physician. Articles published in Postgraduate Medicine are indexed in MEDLINE/PubMed and most other indexing services.
 Honus & Me is a children's novel by Dan Gutman published in 1997 and the first in the Baseball Card Adventures series. It was rejected by many publishers before HarperCollins finally accepted. The made-for-television movie The Winning Season starring Matthew Modine was adapted from this best-selling book.As well as the novel the book includes a factual epilogue by Gutman and vintage photographs of Wagner.
 The Fairy-Tale Detectives is the first book in The Sisters Grimm series written by Michael Buckley.
 War and Remembrance is a novel by Herman Wouk published in 1978 which is the sequel to The Winds of War. It continues the story of the extended Henry family and the Jastrow family starting on 15 December 1941 and ending on 6 August 1945. This novel was adapted into the mini-series War and Remembrance presented on American television in 1988. Wouk was the screenwriter as well as the author of the original book.
 Superman was an ongoing comic book series featuring the DC Comics superhero of the same name. The second volume of the previous ongoing Superman title the series was published from cover dates January 1987 to April 2006 and ran for 228 issues (226 monthly issues and two issues published outside the concurrent numbering).
 Arrowsmith is a novel by American author and playwright Sinclair Lewis that was published in 1925. It won the 1926 Pulitzer Prize for Lewis but he refused to accept it. Lewis was greatly assisted in its preparation by science writer Dr. Paul de Kruif who received 25% of the royalties on sales but Lewis is listed as sole author. Arrowsmith is arguably the earliest major novel to deal with the culture of science.
 The Waltham Forest Guardian is a local paper sold every Thursday in the London Borough of Waltham Forest.The paper is part of the Guardian Series of newspapers the other titles in the group being the Chingford Guardian Wanstead and Woodford Guardian and Epping Forest Guardian.
 My Life as a Traitor is a 2007 biography and memoir written by Zarah Ghahramani and Robert Hillman. The book documents the life of Ghahramani including her early childhood. In 2001 Ghahramani was arrested for citing crimes against the Islamic Republic of Iran and sent to serve a sentence in Evin Prison; this is one of the main focuses throughout the book as well as the prison conditions and analysing the modern-world Middle East.
 Moyasimon: Tales of Agriculture known in Japan as Moyashimon (もやしもん) is a Japanese manga series by Masayuki Ishikawa. It was serialized in Kodansha's seinen magazine Evening from August 2004 to June 2013 and moved since then to the magazine Morning two. The series follows Tadayasu Sawaki a first-year college student at an agricultural university who has a unique ability to see and communicate with bacteria and other micro-organisms.
 The Troubled Man (Swedish: Den orolige mannen) is a crime fiction novel by Swedish author Henning Mankell featuring police inspector Kurt Wallander. Mankell has announced that it is the final Wallander novel.
 The Bulletin of the Council for Research in Music Education is a quarterly academic journal covering music education. It is published by the University of Illinois Press on behalf of the Council for Research in Music Education.
 The Wishsong of Shannara an epic fantasy novel by Terry Brooks is the third and final novel in the Original Shannara Trilogy with the other two being The Sword of Shannara and The Elfstones of Shannara. The story revolves around Jair and Brin Ohmsford the children of the main characters from The Elfstones of Shannara: Wil Ohmsford and Eretria. The siblings each possessing an inherited magic must save the Four Lands from the evil magic within a tome called the Ildatch.[citation needed]
 Management & Organizational History is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers five times a year in the field of management studies especially with regard to historical approaches to the study of management organizations and organizing. Its editors-in-chief are Michael Rowlinson (Queen Mary University of London) and Roy Stager Jacques (Massey University). It was established in 2006 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The White Devil is a revenge tragedy by English playwright John Webster (1580–1634). The play's premiere in 1612 was a notorious failure;[citation needed] Webster complained that the play was acted in the dead of winter before an unreceptive audience. The play's complexity sophistication and satire made it a poor fit with the repertory of Queen Anne's Men at the Red Bull Theatre where it was first performed.
 DC 100 Page Super Spectacular was a comic book series published by DC Comics from 1971 through 1973 featuring only reprints initially and later including new stories. The 100 Page count included both sides of the front and back covers as pages. Each numbered issue appearing under this title featured a wrap-around cover with all editorial content and no advertisements. Versions after late 1973 included advertisements.
 Investigations of a Dog (German: Forschungen eines Hundes) is a short story by Franz Kafka written in 1922. It was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin 1931). The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections (New York: Schocken Books 1946).
 Omnipotent Government: The Rise of the Total State and Total War is a book by Austrian School economist Ludwig von Mises first published in 1944 by Yale University Press. It is one of the most influential writings in Libertarian social thought and critique of statist ideology and socialism examining the rise of Nazism as an example. The book treats Nazism as a species of orthodox socialist theory.
 Electric Warrior is an American comic book series published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987. Set outside the continuity of the DC Universe the series was written by Doug Moench with artwork provided by Jim Baikie. A total of eighteen issues were published.
 ZMD: Zombies of Mass Destruction is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Red 5 Comics and created by American comic book writer/creator Kevin Grevioux who wrote the original screenplay for the movie Underworld and co-created the Underworld franchise.
 Al Tahrir (in Arabic التحرير meaning The Liberation) is a privately owned Arabic 18-page daily published in Egypt. It was named after Tahrir Square which has been witnessing demonstrations. The daily was the second publication launched after the revolution.
 The British Journal of Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal which was established by David T. Otley in 1990 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Academy of Management. The current editor-in-chief is Mustafa F.
 Love Letters is a young adult novel written by author Katie Fforde and was published by Arrow in 2009.
 The Dying Animal (2001) is a short novel by the US writer Philip Roth. It tells the story of senior literature professor David Kepesh renowned for his literature-themed radio show. Kepesh is finally destroyed by his inability to comprehend emotional commitment. The Dying Animal is the third book in a series portraying the life of the fictional professor preceded by The Breast (1972) and The Professor of Desire (1977).
 Congo Journey (1996) is an autobiographical novel by British author Redmond O'Hanlon following his trip across Congo-Brazzaville (now Republic of the Congo) taking a friend to Lake Tele in search of Mokèlé-mbèmbé a legendary Congo dinosaur.Travel writer Michael Shapiro considers the book as one of the top 30 travel books of all time and declares the book chronicling the author's search for the legendary dinosaur to be in the literary tradition of Joseph Conrad.
 Wallpaper (trademarked Wallpaper* with an asterisk) is an IPC Media magazine focusing on travel design entertainment fashion and media.
 Ringing Bell (チリンの鈴 Chirin no Suzu lit. Chirin's Bell) is the 1978 anime film adaption of the book of the same name written by Takashi Yanase. It is most notable by fans and critics as a G-rated children's film which makes a sharp-sudden turn into a dark and violent story.
 The Philadelphia Record was a daily newspaper published in Philadelphia Pennsylvania from 1877 until 1947. The Record was founded in 1877 as a one-cent daily newspaper which would be equal to $0.22 today. In 1894 The New York Times praised it as one of the best and most widely circulated newspapers in the United States. Despite the dire economic state at the time the Record held its own and sold 57000000 copies in 1893.
 Alaska Dispatch is a news organization founded in 2008 and based in Anchorage Alaska. It is an online-only news outlet focusing on statewide coverage of the U.S. state of Alaska and on circumpolar affairs and policy. The site is an advertising-based for-profit enterprise setting it apart from many other not-for-profit online-only news websites like ProPublica or the Texas Tribune.
 Tours of the Black Clock is the third novel by author Steve Erickson published in 1989. It has been translated into French Spanish Dutch and Japanese. The narrative concerns itself with two of the most influential figures of the 20th century as Adolf Hitler appears as an important character and allusions are made to Albert Einstein and the theory of relativity.
 The Sentinel is the official student newspaper of the Kennesaw State University in Kennesaw Georgia. As of the Spring semester of 2007 the Sentinel has a weekly circulation of 5000 distributed to over 30 locations on the Kennesaw State campus.The first issue of The Sentinel was published on October 1966; the first editor was Robert McDearmid] shortly after the charter quarter of Kennesaw State. The paper and the paper has printed continuously since its founding.
 Foreskin's Lament: A Memoir is a book by Shalom Auslander. The book chronicles his upbringing as an Orthodox Jew and his efforts to break free from it. Portions of the book have been featured in various media including the PRI program This American Life.
 Jake's Long Shadow is a novel by Alan Duff first published in 2002. It is the third book in the Once Were Warriors trilogy following Jake The Muss Heke and his estranged family. Jake had previously driven his wife and children away for his domestic violence ways. The story shows new characters and their stories such as Beth's new husband. It has not yet been made into a third film.
 Anglo-Saxon England is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of various aspects of history language and culture in Anglo-Saxon England. It has been published since 1972 by Cambridge University Press and is available in print and digital form. Every volume is concluded with a bibliography giving an overview of the past year's work in Anglo-Saxon studies. Its current editors are Malcolm R. Godden (University of Oxford) and Simon Keynes (University of Cambridge).
 Leap into Darkness is a 1998 memoir that was written by Holocaust survivor Leo Bretholz and co-author Michael Olesker.
 The Watertown Daily Times is a daily newspaper published in Watertown New York. It provides coverage of Jefferson County Lewis County and St. Lawrence County. It was founded in 1861.For years the Times was the smallest newspaper in the country to have its own Washington D.C. bureau. It publishes two daily editions one for St. Lawrence County a second for Jefferson and Lewis counties.
 Angel City is a play by Sam Shepard.
 The Tale of Genji (源氏物語 Genji monogatari) is a classic work of Japanese literature written by the noblewoman and lady-in-waiting Murasaki Shikibu in the early years of the 11th century around the peak of the Heian period. It's sometimes called the world's first novel the first modern novel the first psychological novel or the first novel still to be considered a classic. Notably the novel also illustrates a unique depiction of the livelihoods of high courtiers during the Heian period.
 The Elliott Wave Theorist is a monthly newsletter published by Elliott Wave International. The first issue of the Theorist published in April 1976 and has been continuously in print on a subscription basis since May 1979. The publication includes Elliott wave analysis of the financial markets and cultural trends plus commentary on topics that include technical analysis behavioral finance physics pattern recognition and socionomics.
 The Dargonesti is a fantasy novel set in the Dragonlance campaign series and is part of the Lost Histories.
 A Death of Honor is a science fiction mystery novel by American author Joe Clifford Faust. It was published in 1987 by Del Rey Books.
 The Daily Star-Journal is the number one daily newspaper in Johnson County Missouri published by the News-Press & Gazette Company (NPG).
 Sword of Chaos and Other Stories is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books in April 1982.
 Tintin in India: The Mystery of the Blue Diamond is a 1941 Belgian theatre piece in three acts written by Hergé and Jacques Van Melkebeke. It features Hergé's famous character Tintin and covers much of the second half of Cigars of the Pharaoh as Tintin attempts to rescue a stolen blue diamond. The events of the story occurs within the chronology of Tintin stories between The Crab with the Golden Claws and The Shooting Star.
 Health (formerly In Health) is an American magazine focused on women's health. It was purchased by Time Inc. in 1991. The company now operates as a part of Time's Southern Progress Corporation. The magazine's topics range from diet and recipes to fashion tips and dealing with life issues such as stress. Since 1999 Health has published its annual beauty awards highlighting top products in categories like skincare.
 The Journal of Medical Entomology is a peer-review scientific journal published by the Entomological Society of America.
 The Faith Healers is a 1987 book by magician and skeptic James Randi with a foreword by Carl Sagan that documents Randi's exploration of the world of faith healing and his exposing the sleight of hand trickery and deceit by its practitioners.In eighteen chapters Randi explores the origins of faith healing and psychic surgery and critically analyzes the claims made by AA Allen Ernest Angley WV Grant Peter Popoff Oral Roberts Pat Robertson and Father DiOrio for his claims of miracles at the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes in the town of Lourdes. 
 Making History is a play written by Irish playwright Brian Friel in 1989. It is set in Ireland in August 1591 and focuses on the real-life plight of Aodh Mór Ó Néill Earl of Tyrone who led an Irish and Spanish alliance against the English in an attempt to drive them out of Ireland. The play is set before and after the Battle of Kinsale. The battle does not directly feature in the play although it is central to the plot.
 Our Choice is a 2009 book written by former U.S. Vice President Al Gore. Originally titled The Path to Survival it follows An Inconvenient Truth: The Planetary Emergency of Global Warming and What We Can Do About It a companion book to the film An Inconvenient Truth. All profits of the book (printed on 100% recycled paper) go to the Alliance for Climate Protection which Gore founded in 2006.
 Dirty Blonde: The Diaries of Courtney Love is a memoir by rock musician and actress Courtney Love.
 Bravo is a Romanian Teen magazine the Romanian version of the German original format. It is published twice a month on Wednesdays.
 Macross The Ride or Macross R is a light novel series published in the Dengeki Hobby Magazine a Japanese model kit magazine. It is based on the Macross sci-fi mecha series. It was serialized from December 2010 until November 2011.
 High Sorcery is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in March 1970 and was reprinted by the same publisher in 1971 1973 and 1976; a second edition reset but otherwise unchanged was published in paperback by Ace in March 1979 and was reprinted in 1982 and 1984.
 Bloomberg Markets is a monthly magazine published by Bloomberg L.P. as part of Bloomberg News. Aimed at global financial professionals Bloomberg Markets publishes articles on the people and issues related to global financial markets. Bloomberg Markets which is based in New York City has readers in 147 countries. More than half of its readers live outside the U.S.As of December 2011 the magazine had a circulation of 375000 and was available for sale at bookstores and selected newsstands.
 Al-Karmil (Arabic: الكرمل‎) was a weekly Arabic-language newspaper founded toward the end of Ottoman imperial rule in Palestine.
 The Princeton Packet is a semi-weekly newspaper serving the Princeton New Jersey area. The company traces its lineage to 1786. The Princeton Packet Inc. is the publisher of 12 community newspapers a weekly arts and entertainment supplement a monthly magazine and a series of local-news-based websites.
 Koštana (Serbian: Коштана) is a popular play written by Borisav Stanković. It is set in Stanković's native Vranje a town in southern Serbia. It features a many themes of Serbian folklore and patriarchal customs which were still present in the late nineteenth century. The play is very popular to this day.The Serbian composer Petar Konjović wrote an opera of the same name based on the play.
 Seven of Seven (七人のナナ Shichinin no Nana) is an anime TV series created by Yasuhiro Imagawa (Giant Robo Virgin Fleet) and produced by A.C.G.T.The TV series premiered January 10 2002 on TV Tokyo and finished in run on June 27 2002 totaling 25 episodes. A New Year's special episode was included in the seventh DVD volume (KIBA-745) released on October 2 of the same year.
 The Beauregard Daily News is an American daily newspaper published in DeRidder Louisiana. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper covers the city of DeRidder and Beauregard Parish Louisiana from which it takes its name.
 Kayhan (Persian: کيهان‎ English: universe) is an influential newspaper in Iran. Directly under the supervision of the Office of the Supreme Leader it is considered the most conservative Iranian newspaper.Hossein Shariatmadari is the editor-in-chief of Kayhan. His official position is representative of the Supreme Leader.Its 2007 circulation was about 70000 with about 1000 employees worldwide.
 Linux Magazine (ISSN 1471-5678 aka Linux Magazine International; North America: Linux Pro Magazine ISSN 1752-9050; German: Linux-Magazin ISSN 1432-640X) is an international professional journal. It addresses itself to readers who work professionally with operating systems based around the Linux kernel. Linux Magazine is published by the Linux New Media division of the German media company Medialinx AG. Linux New Media is the largest Linux magazine publisher in the world.
 Barack and Michelle: Portrait of an American Marriage is an unauthorized tell all biography about Barack and Michelle Obama focusing on their marriage written by No. 1 New York Times best-selling author Christopher Andersen and published in 2009.
 Plato and a Platypus Walk Into a Bar – Understanding Philosophy Through Jokes is a book that explains basic philosophical concepts through classic jokes. Thomas Wilson Cathcart and Daniel Martin Klein graduates of Harvard in philosophy collaborated on the book. The book became a bestseller soon after publication.
 The Journal of the American Academy of Religion formerly the Journal of Bible and Religion is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Academy of Religion. It covers current work in religious studies including the full range of world religious traditions methodological studies and book reviews.
 Flirt is a 2010 New York Times bestselling erotic thriller by novelist Laurell K. Hamilton. The novella was published on February 2 2010 by Berkley Hardcover and is the eighteenth book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series. The afterword of Flirt contains several pages of discussion about Hamilton's inspiration for the novella as well as a comic by Jennie Breeden.
 Super-Neutron is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov originally published in the September 1941 issue of Astonishing Stories and included in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. Asimov originally intended the story to be the first in a series but was unable to come up with any further story ideas.
 Ōkami Shōjo to Kuro Ōji (オオカミ少女と黒王子) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written by Ayuko Hatta. It was adapted into a drama CD in 2013. In 2014 the May issue of Shueisha's Bessatsu Margaret magazine is announcing that a television anime has been green-lit.
 Integrative Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishingoriginal (primary) research and review articles. Papers focus on the interface between biology and the fields of physics chemistry engineering imaging and informatics. Integrative Biology is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) a not-for-profit publisher.
 A Sparrow Falls is a 1977 novel by Wilbur Smith. It is one of the Courtney Novels and is set during and after World War One.It was the most popular of Smith's novels in the US to date although it still did not sell as well as in Europe and Africa.
 The Purchase Independent was established in 2001. Commonly referred to as The Indy it is a student newspaper at SUNY Purchase (The State University of New York at Purchase College) USA. It is funded by the Purchase Student Government Association through mandatory student activity fees. The paper is published weekly during the academic year and is distributed on Thursdays.
 Stance: An International Undergraduate Philosophy Journal is an academic journal of philosophy which is published annually in April. The featured essays the editing and the production of the journal are all entirely the work of undergraduate students. The editorial board of Stance is composed of a team based at Ball State University which communicates with an international external review board of undergraduate philosophers. Each issue is available both in print and online.
 Stonehaven is a series of first-run graphic novels and prose novels set in a contemporary urban fantasy city of the same name in which mythical creatures live openly alongside humans. Created by Kevin Tinsley in the ‘90s the first volume was published by Stickman Graphics in 2004.
 Fractional Calculus and Applied Analysis is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Institute of Mathematics & Informatics of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. It covers research on fractional calculus special functions integral transforms and some closely related areas of applied analysis.
 Sun Stone and Shadows: 20 Great Mexican Short Stories edited by Jorge Hernandez and published by Fondo de Cultura Economica is a collection of short stories written by Mexican authors born in the first half of the twentieth century. It is one of the books selected for the National Endowment for the Arts' Big Read nationwide literacy initiative.
 Pick of the Litter (異界繁盛記 ひよこや☆商店 Ikai Hanjōki - Hiyokoya Shōten) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written by Yuriko Suda that was serialized in Monthly Asuka from 2004 through 2007. The individual chapters were published in six tankōbon volumes by Kadokawa Shoten.Tokyopop licensed the series for an English language release in North America by Tokyopop in 2007 at first releasing the title solely online before beginning to release it in tankōbon form.
 Winter is a 1987 novel by Len Deighton which follows the lives of a German family from 1899 to 1945. At the same time the novel provides an historical background to several of the characters in Deighton's nine novels about the British intelligence agent Bernard Samson who grew up in the ruins of Berlin after World War II.
 Pirey or Pirej (/ˈpɪrɛj/; Macedonian: Пиреј 'couch grass') is a novel by the Macedonian author Petre M. Andreevski. The book published in 1980 is considered as one of the main and most important works written in Macedonian during the 20th century. It is a must-read for everyone who learns the Macedonian language or is interested in Balkans history.
 Nathaniel Fludd Beastologist is an ongoing series of chapter books for children written by R. L. LaFevers and illustrated by Kelly Murphy. The books chronicle the adventures of young Nathaniel Nate Fludd a beastologist in training who travels the world in search of mythical beasts with his mentor Aunt Phil and pet gremlin Greasle.
 Diving for Pearls is an Australian play by Katherine Thomson set against the background of the economic rationalism of the 1980s. It became one of the most popular Australian plays of the 1990s.
 Journal of Career Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Lisa Y. Flores (University of Missouri). It has been in publication since 1972 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Curators of University of Missouri.
 Augustinianum is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study of the Fathers of the Church. Since 1961 the journal has published over 3800 articles and reviews in this field. The journal is edited by Vittorino Grossi and is published by the Patristic Institute Augustinianum (Rome). All issues are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Out of Time’s Abyss is an Edgar Rice Burroughs fantasy-science fiction novel the third of his Caspak trilogy. The sequence was first published in Blue Book Magazine as a three-part serial in the issues for September October and November 1918 with Out of Time's Abyss forming the third installment. The complete trilogy was later combined for publication in book form under the title of The Land That Time Forgot (properly speaking the title of the first part) by A. C. McClurg in June 1924.
 Falsifiers of History (Historical Survey) (Falsifiers) is a book published by the Soviet Information Bureau edited and partially re-written by Joseph Stalin in response to documents made public in January 1948 regarding German–Soviet relations before and after the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact.
 An Adventurer's Guide to Eberron (ISBN 0-7869-4855-0) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 glamourpuss was a Canadian independent comic book written and illustrated by Dave Sim which was published from April 2008 until July 2012 and ran for 26 issues. The comic was published bimonthly with 24 pages of story and art. Back issues remained available throughout the comic's print run. An all-in-one trade paperback should eventually be made available (the series collected in one volume upon completion).
 Black Powder War is the third novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik.
 The Go-Giver: A Little Story about a Powerful Business Idea is a book written by Bob Burg and John D. Mann. It is a story about the power of giving. The first edition was published on December 27 2007 by Portfolio Hardcover.
 The International Journal of Play Therapy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Association of Play Therapy.
 Usotsuki Paradox (うそつきパラドクス) also known by the short title Usopara (うそパラ) is a 2009–2012 manga series written by Nanki Satō and illustrated by Akira Kiduki. It was adapted into a live action film which premiered on September 7 2013.
 Space City was an underground newspaper published in Houston Texas from June 5 1969 to August 3 1972. The founders were SDS veterans and former members of the staff of the Austin Texas underground newspaper The Rag one of the earliest and most influential of the Sixties underground papers. The original editorial collective was composed of Thorne Dreyer who had been the founding funnel of The Rag in 1966; Victoria Smith a former reporter for the St.
 n.paradoxa: international feminist art journal is an academic journal covering feminist art criticism and exploring the work of women artists since the 1970s. It is published by KT press and the editor-in-chief is feminist scholar Katy Deepwell.The current print journal was established by Deepwell in 1998 prior to this n.paradoxa existed as an online journal which was founded in 1996 and ran until 2010 with entirely different content to the print journal.
 Burmese Days is a novel by British writer George Orwell. It was first published in the USA in 1934.
 Questions: Philosophy for Young People is a peer-reviewed academic journal sponsored by the American Philosophical Association the Northwest Center for Philosophy for Children and York College of Pennsylvania. It publishes short articles discussions drawings and other writings by school students interested in philosophical issues.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 The Big Honey Hunt is a children's book by Stan and Jan Berenstain the first in the long-running Berenstain Bears series. It was first published in 1962 by Beginner Books an imprint of Random House co-founded and managed by Dr. Seuss. The book introduces a family of anthropomorphic bears comprising Papa Bear Mama Bear and Small Bear (later renamed Brother Bear).
 The Bhutan Observer was Bhutan's first private bilingual newspaper. It was launched as a private limited company by parent company Bhutan Media Services (BMS) and began publishing on June 2 2006 in Thimphu. Its Dzongkha edition is called Druk Nelug and the newspaper maintains an online service in English.The newspaper employs about 60 people in editorial commercial administrative and managerial departments.
 Gazette of Tamil Nadu (Tamil: தமிழ்நாடு அரசிதழ்) is a public journal of the Government of Tamil Nadu published weekly by the Department of Stationery and Printing. As a public journal the Gazette prints official notices from the government. The gazette is printed by the Government of Tamil Nadu Press.
 The Five People You Meet in Heaven is a novel by Mitch Albom. It follows the life and death of a maintenance man named Eddie. In a heroic attempt to save a little girl from being killed by an amusement park ride that is about to fall Eddie is killed and sent to heaven where he encounters five people who significantly impacted him while he was alive. It was published in 2003 by Hyperion and remained on the New York Times Best Seller list for 95 weeks.
 The Book of Animal Ignorance is the second title in a series of books based on the intellectual British panel game QI written by series-creator John Lloyd and head-researcher John Mitchinson. It is a trivia book consisting largely of little-known facts about various animals alongside factual corrections to other pieces of supposedly well-known trivia that although widely believed are not always accurate. It is a sequel to The Book of General Ignorance.
 Academ's Fury is a 2005 high fantasy novel by Jim Butcher. It is book two of the Codex Alera novel series.
 Mass Effect: Revelation is a science fiction novel by Drew Karpyshyn. Published in 2007 by Del Rey Books it is the first novel set in the Mass Effect universe and the prequel to the Mass Effect video game by BioWare. Karpyshyn is the lead writer of the Mass Effect series.
 Fuddy Meers is an American play by David Lindsay-Abaire. It tells the story of an amnesiac Claire who awakens each morning as a blank slate on which her husband and teenage son must imprint the facts of her life. One morning Claire is abducted by a limping lisping man who claims her husband wants to kill her. The audience views the ensuing mayhem through the kaleidoscope of Claire's world.
 Seeds of Change: Five plants that transformed mankind is a 1985 book by Henry Hobhouse formerly a journalist for The Economist News Chronicle Daily Express and the Wall Street Journal consultant to the Quincentenary of Columbus Exhibition Smithsonian Institution Washington DC and Chairman of the Rerstmoceux Science Centre.
 Kurt Busiek's Astro City is an American comic book series centered on a fictional American city of that name. Written by Kurt Busiek the series is co-created and illustrated by Brent Anderson with character designs and painted covers by Alex Ross.
 Final del juego (End of the Game) is a book of eighteen short stories written by Julio Cortázar.
 Green Grass Running Water is a 1993 novel by Thomas King a writer of Cherokee and Greek/German-American descent and United States and Canadian dual citizenship. He was born and grew up in the United States and has lived in Canada since 1980. The novel is set in a contemporary First Nations Blackfoot community in Alberta Canada. It gained attention due to its unique use of structure narrative and the fusion of oral and written literary traditions.
 Bodies is the first novel written by the British doctor-turned-novelist and -scriptwriter Jed Mercurio. It was published in 2002 and formed the basis of the award-winning BBC medical drama Bodies.
 Tenth of December is a collection of short stories by American author George Saunders. It includes stories published in various magazines between 1995 and 2009. Tenth of December was published on January 8 2013 by Random House. One of the stories Home was a 2011 Bram Stoker Award finalist. The book was selected as one of the 10 Best Books of 2013 by the editors of the New York Times Book Review.
 The Phantom Blooper is a 1990 novel written by Gustav Hasford and the sequel to The Short-Timers (1979). It continues to follow James T. Joker Davis through his Vietnam odyssey. The book was supposed to be the second of a Vietnam Trilogy but Hasford died soon after completing it and before writing the third installment.
 Bones of the Moon is a novel by Jonathan Carroll depicting the real and dream life of a young woman Cullen James. Like many of Carroll's works this work straddles the horror and fantasy genres.
 Fireworks: Nine Profane Pieces (aka Fireworks: Nine Stories in Various Disguises or Fireworks) is an anthology of short fiction by Angela Carter. It was first published in the United Kingdom in 1974 by Quartet Books Ltd. and contains a collection of stories several of which are based on Carter's own experiences of living in Japan from 1969 to 1971.
 Remember The Roses is a short story by Avery Taylor. It is a mixture of mystery love and horror. It was written during the Second World War and originally published in England in 1967 by a British publisher. Later it was published in India by Frank Bros. & Co. in a story book.
 The Journal of Marketing Education is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers on marketing education. The editor-in-chief is Douglas J. Lincoln (Boise State University). It was established in 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Sex is a coffee table book written by Madonna with photographs taken by Steven Meisel Studio and film frames shot by Fabien Baron. The book was edited by Glenn O'Brien and was released on October 21 1992 by Warner Books Maverick and Callaway Books. Approached with an idea for a book on erotic photographs Madonna expanded on the idea and conceived the book and its content.
 Samurai from Outer Space: Understanding Japanese Animation is a 1998 book written by Antonia Levi. The book was published in North America by Open Court Publishing Company on December 30 1998.
 Scientia Iranica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Sharif University of Technology (Tehran Iran). It was established in 1991 and covers theoretical and experimental research in technical sciences and engineering. Starting in 2011 the journal is published open access. The editor-in-chief is Abolhassan Vafai (Sharif University of Technology).
 The Thirteen Problems is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Collins Crime Club in June 1932 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1933 under the title The Tuesday Club Murders. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00. The thirteen stories feature the amateur detective Miss Marple her nephew Raymond West and her friend Sir Henry Clithering.
 Ferrol Diario was a Galician newspaper founded in Ferrol Spain sometime in the late 1950s and very early 1960s [1]. It did not survive the turbulent and difficult years of the early 1980s [2] which were marked with a huge recession in the shipbuilding sector affecting Ferrol considerably.
 Cosmic Research (Russian: Kosmicheskie Issledovaniya) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1963. It is published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and published online by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Timur M. Eneev (Keldysh Institute of Applied Mathematics). The journal is a continuation of the Soviet-Russian publication Artificial Earth Satellites (ISSN: 0571-2041) in existence between 1960-1964.
 Mainspring is the third novel from writer Jay Lake. It is a clockpunk science fiction/fantasy novel of the sub genre steampunk.This novel is followed by the 2008 sequel Escapement and the 2010 sequel Pinion.
 Tell No One is a thriller novel by American writer Harlan Coben published in 2001.The book was Coben's first novel to appear on The New York Times Best Seller list. It was also adapted into a French film with the same title in 2006 (French: Ne le dis à personne).
 The Boleyn Inheritance is a novel by British author Philippa Gregory which was first published in 2006. It is a direct sequel to her previous novel The Other Boleyn Girl and one of the additions to her six-part series on the Tudor royals.
 Trapped At Sea is the 75th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 Nanyang Siang Pau or Nanyang Business Daily (simplified Chinese: 南洋商报; traditional Chinese: 南洋商報; pinyin: Nányáng Shāngbào) was founded by philanthropist-entrepreneur Tan Kah Kee on 6 September 1923 in Singapore currently published in Malaysia. Nanyang Siang Pau is currently one of oldest Chinese-language newspapers in the country with only Kwong Wah Yit Poh being the longest-running Malaysia's Chinese newspaper.
 The Black Mountain is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1954. The story was also collected in the omnibus volume Three Trumps (Viking 1955).This book and the pre-war novel Over My Dead Body both involve international intrigue over Montenegro but under very different circumstances first concerning Nazi designs on the Balkans and later in the context of Tito's Yugoslavia.
 Juggling is a 1994 novel by Barbara Trapido nominated for the Whitbread Award that year. It is a sequel to her 1990 novel Temples of Delight characters appearing as teenagers and young adults in the earlier book are now parents.
 The Land of the Silver Apples is a fantasy novel for children written by Nancy Farmer and published by Atheneum in 2007. It is a sequel to The Sea of Trolls second in a series of three (as of 2013) known as the Sea of Trolls series.The title refers to the silver apples of the moon associated with the land of faery in W. B. Yeats' poem Song of the Wandering Aengus. The book received the Emperor Norton Award (2007).
 The Sandcastle redirects here. For the stadium previously known as The Sandcastle see Bernie Robbins StadiumThe Sandcastle is a novel by Iris Murdoch published in 1957. It is the story of a middle-aged schoolmaster (Bill Mor) with political ambitions who meets a young painter (Rain Carter) come to paint a former school headmaster's portrait.
 The Family Fang is a bestselling novel written by Kevin Wilson and published by Ecco in 2011. Following the book's release the film rights were bought by actress Nicole Kidman's Blossom Films company. In November 2013 it was announced that actor Jason Bateman will direct and star alongside Kidman in a film adaptation.
 The Bane Chronicles is a set of connected novellas featuring the character of Magnus Bane from Cassandra Clare's bestselling The Mortal Instruments series. The novellas are co-written by Clare Maureen Johnson and Sarah Rees Brennan. Release of the novellas began in April 2013 in e-book and audio versions and will be released in a combined print edition in November 2014.
 Food Quality and Preference is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of sensory and consumer science published in 8 issues per year by Elsevier. Its scope covers consumer and market research sensory science sensometrics and sensory evaluation nutrition and food choice as well as food research product development and sensory quality assurance.
 The Diplomat is a bimonthly magazine published by the Institute of Diplomatic Studies in Saudi Arabia. It is the magazine of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Institute of Diplomatic Studies.
 Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism (French: Mémoires pour servir à l’histoire du Jacobinisme) is a book by Abbé Augustin Barruel a French Jesuit priest. It was written and published in French in 1797-98 and translated into English in 1799.In the book Barruel claims that the French Revolution was the result of a deliberate conspiracy or plot to overthrow the throne altar and aristocratic society in Europe.
 The Naval War College Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the United States Navy's Naval War College. It covers public policy matters of interest to the maritime services and was established in 1948.
 Marvel Classics Comics is a 1970s comic book series featuring adaptations of literary classics such as Moby-Dick The Three Musketeers and The Iliad. Running from 1976–1978 it was Marvel Comics' attempt to pick up the mantle of Classics Illustrated which stopped publishing in 1971. 36 issues of Marvel Classics Comics were published 12 of them being reprints of another publisher's work.
 La Razón is a local newspaper distributed in the public transportation system in Buenos Aires Argentina. It was founded in 1905 by Argentine journalist Emilio Morales an as an afternoon (Quinta edición) and evening (Sexta edición) newspaper in broadsheet format. The daily was acquired by a prominent news editor José A. Cortejarena in 1911 and became the first newspaper in Argentina owned by a journalist. Cortejarena died in 1921 and the paper was directed by Ángel L.
 Tales of Three Planets is a posthumous collection of short stories by Edgar Rice Burroughs with an introduction by Richard A. Lupoff and illustrations by Roy G. Krenkel. It was first published in hardcover in 1964 by Canaveral Press and has been reprinted once since.The book collects four novelettes by Burroughs one set on Earth two set on the distant planet Poloda beyond the farthest star and one set on Venus.
 The Villager is a weekly newspaper serving Downtown Manhattan. It was founded in 1933 by Walter and Isabel Bryan. In 2001 2004 and 2005 The Villager won the Stuart Dorman Award honoring New York State's best weekly newspaper in the New York Press Association's Better Newspaper Contest.The Villager has also been called better than The New York Times by New York magazine.
 The Golden Age a historical novel published in 2000 by Gore Vidal is the seventh and final novel in his Narratives of Empire series.
 Bulletin of the Lebedev Physics Institute (Russian: Краткие сообщения по физике Kratkue Soobsheniya po fisike) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of physics. The journal was established in 1970 and is published by the Lebedev Physical Institute (in Russian) a monthly basis. Springer publishes an English translation of the journal. It is edited by Oleg N. Krokhin.
 OhmyNews International (OMNI) is the worldwide English-language site of the South Korean online citizen journalism newspaper OhmyNews. OhmyNews International was established by OhmyNews founder Oh Yeon Ho on February 22 2004 on the principle that Every citizen in the world is a reporter. It currently has 6000 citizen reporters from 110 countries.The OhmyNews citizen journalism model accepts edits and publishes articles from its readers in an open source style of news reporting.
 Night of the Scorpion is a poem by Nissim Ezekiel included the AQA Anthology.It starts in a house at night where it is raining and a scorpion in order to take some shelter comes to the house. This poem is about how the scorpion stung the poets mother and how he escaped and the mothers love for her children.
 The Sea is Full of Stars is the ninth novel in the Well of Souls series by American author Jack L. Chalker.
 Memories of the Irish-Israeli War is a 1995 novel by Phil O'Brien a pen name for former Cruella de Ville frontwoman Philomena Muinzer derived from her mother's maiden name.
 The Magazine Antiques Info is a bi-monthly antiques publication that focuses on Auction Reportsnewsfeatures and articles relating to the antiques industry including details of auction sales and fairs book reviews and reader valuations and letters . Regular bi-monthly columns include news on upcoming auctions and sales.
 International Living is a publishing group founded in Baltimore Maryland in 1979 as part of Agora Inc. headed by Bill Bonner. International Living monthly newsletter covers topics including retiring overseas living abroad international real estate investment and travel while an IL Postcard is emailed daily to readers.
 Killing Kennedy: The End of Camelot is a 2012 non-fiction book by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard about the 1963 assassination of U.S. President John Fitzgerald Kennedy. It is a follow-up to 2011 book Killing Lincoln. Killing Kennedy was released on October 2 2012 through Henry Holt and Company.
 The Boys from St. Petri is a children's book written by Danish author Bjarne Reuter published in English by Puffin Books in 1994. The novel was the 1995 recipient of the Mildred L. Batchelder Award an award granted by the American Library Association for outstanding children's books originally published in a foreign language. The novel has been cited by multiple scholars in the field of education for its lessons on activism and the Danish resistance during World War II.
 Epoch (Russian: Эпо́ха) was a Russian literary magazine published in 1864-65 by Fyodor Dostoyevsky and his brother Mikhail.
 Predvestnik (Forerunner) was a Russian language newspaper published in the Pioneer Valley Massachusetts. Founded in 2004 it ceased publication in 2008.Predvestnik covered a wide variety of local and world news and published articles on Christianity. It appeared monthly with a circulation of about 4000 and was printed in a full color broadsheet format. The newspaper was delivered free to the public.
 Pierrot is a short story by French writer Guy de Maupassant. It was originally published on 1 October 1882 in the French newspaper Le Gaulois. A year later in 1883 it appeared in the short story collection Contes de la bécasse. The story was dedicated to Henry Roujon novelist and public servant.
 Nanotech is a 1998 anthology of science fiction short-stories revolving around nanotechnology and its effects. It is edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois.
 Scientriffic is a bi-monthly kids science magazine published by CSIRO Publishing. It was established in 1999 as a sister publication to The Helix CSIRO Publishing's magazine for teens.The magazine is usually 40 pages long and trimmed to quarto paper size. It typically contains feature articles about science and mathematics of interest to kids.
 More William is the second William collection in the much acclaimed Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It is a sequel to the book Just William. The book was first published in 1922 with a current edition published in 2005 by Macmillan Children's books.
 Saturn's Children is a 2008 science fiction novel by British author Charles Stross. Stross has said that it is a space opera and late-period [Robert A.] Heinlein tribute (specifically Heinlein's Friday). It was nominated for the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Novel and was a finalist for the 2009 Prometheus Award.Saturn's Children is the earliest known work of fiction to include the dwarf planet Eris as a setting.[citation needed] Since its publication other novels have mentioned Eris.
 Academic Questions is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the National Association of Scholars. It covers issues concerning university education. In a review in The Times Literary Supplement Jonathan Rauch noted the journal's ideological tone writing Though written mainly by scholars it is a missionary journal not a scholarly one.
 The European Journal of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (EJNMMI) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer. It is the official journal of the European Association of Nuclear Medicine. It covers the field of nuclear medicine including dosimetry radiation biology radiochemistry radiopharmacology molecular imaging probes reporter gene assays cell trafficking targeting of endogenous gene expression and antisense methodologies.
 Forever Odd is a 2005 novel by Dean Koontz and the sequel to Odd Thomas. The plot takes place six months after the events of Odd Thomas.
 Sorcerous Stabber Orphen (魔術士オーフェン Majutsushi Ōfen lit. Sorceror Orphen) is a series of Japanese fantasy adventure novel and manga two anime television series (Sorcerous Stabber Orphen: Begins and Sorcerous Stabber Orphen: Revenge) and a video game.
 Pharmacognosy Communications is a peer-reviewed open-access Pharmacy journal published by EManuscript Services on behalf of the Pharmacognosy Network Worldwide. It is a quarterly publication edited by eminent pharmacognosist Dr. IE Cock Griffith University Australia. It publishes articles on the subjects of pharmacognosy natural products phytochemistry phytopharmacology.
 Österreich is a national Austrian daily newspaper based in Vienna.
 The Other Paper was an alternative weekly news publication that served the Greater Columbus Ohio area from 1990 to 2013.It was distributed on Thursdays and was known for local news and features such as concert and movie reviews classified ads and personals all with a distinctly irreverent humorous style.
 The Revue Médicale de Bruxelles (English: Medical Journal of Brussels) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Association des Médecins issus de l'Université libre de Bruxelles. It covers all aspects of medicine especially as relevant for the continuing-education training of specialists and general practitioners. The editor-in-chief is Stéphane Louryan (Université libre de Bruxelles). The journal is published in French with bilingual abstracts (French and English).
 A Soldier's Play is a drama by Charles Fuller. The play uses a murder mystery to explore the complicated feelings of anger and resentment that some African Americans have toward one another and the ways in which many black Americans have absorbed white racist attitudes.This play is loosely based on Herman Melville's novella Billy Budd.
 Man of Two Worlds (1986) is a novel written by Brian and Frank Herbert.
 New Spring (abbreviated as NS by fans) is a prequel novel in the Wheel of Time fantasy series by American author Robert Jordan. New Spring consists of 26 chapters and an epilogue.
 The Korean Journal of Sociology (Korean: Han'guk Sahoehak 한국사회학) is a peer reviewed academic journal on sociology that was established in 1964. It is the official journal of the Korean Sociological Association and covers theoretical developments results of qualitative or quantitative research that advance our understanding of Korean society and related subjects. The aim of the journal is to promote academic interaction and communication among sociologists in Korea and abroad.
 Higanjima (彼岸島 lit. Island of Red Spider Lillies) is a Japanese manga series by Kōji Matsumoto. It was adapted into a live action film in 2010.
 Kuensel is the national newspaper of Bhutan. It was the only local newspaper available in Bhutan until 2006 when two more newspapers were launched. The government of Bhutan owns 51 percent of Kuensel while 49 percent is held by the public.
 Tiede (Finnish for science) is a Finnish science magazine published since 1980. Until the year 2000 it was known as Tiede 2000. It is published by Sanoma Magazines.
 The International Encyclopedia of Human Geography is a 2009 academic reference work covering human geography. The editors-in-chief are Rob Kitchin and Nigel Thrift and it contains a foreword by Mary Robinson.
 The Lancashire Evening Post is a daily newspaper based in Fulwood a suburb of the city of Preston Lancashire England. According to the British Library its first edition was published on 18 October 1886. It is known locally as the LEP.
 The Tiger’s Roar is the official student newspaper of the Savannah State University in Savannah Georgia and has referred to itself as the independent student voice of Savannah State University. As of the Spring semester of 2007 the Tiger’s Roar has a bi-weekly print and on-line version.The paper publishes bi-weekly throughout the regular school year and primarily covers news events and issues specific to the Savannah State University community.
 Patlabor (a portmanteau of patrol and labor) also known as Mobile Police Patlabor (Japanese: 機動警察パトレイバー Hepburn: Kidō Keisatsu Patoreibā) is an anime and manga franchise created by Headgear a group consisting of director Mamoru Oshii writer Kazunori Itō mecha designer Yutaka Izubuchi character designer Akemi Takada and manga artist Masami Yūki.The popular franchise includes a manga a TV series two OVA series three feature length movies two light novel series and a short film compilation named Minipato (ミニパト) because of its super deformed drawing style. 
 Genetics is a monthly scientific journal publishing investigations bearing on heredity genetics biochemistry and molecular biology. Genetics is published by the Genetics Society of America. As with many other journals published by scientific societies it has a delayed-open access policy and makes articles available online without a subscription after 12 months have elapsed since first publication.George Harrison Shull was the founding editor of Genetics in 1916.
 Gladiator: Fight for Freedom is the first book in the Gladiator Series by Simon Scarrow and is his first book for young adults.Set in Rome in 61BC it tells the story of Marcus Cornelius Primus who is enslaved and becomes a gladiator.
 The Good Husband of Zebra Drive is the eighth in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Gaborone Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.
 El País (English: The Country) is a regional daily newspaper based in Cali Colombia and leading newspaper of the Colombian Pacific Region. El País is a member of the Latin American Newspaper Association.
 Snow Falling on Cedars is a 1994 award-winning novel written by American writer David Guterson. Guterson who was a teacher at the time wrote the book in the early morning hours over a ten-year period. Because of the success of the novel however he quit his job and began to write full-time.[citation needed]
 Wild Fire is a 2006 novel by American author Nelson DeMille. It is the fourth of DeMille's novels to feature Detective John Corey now working as a contractor for the fictional FBI Anti-Terrorist Task Force in New York.The book follows Corey and his wife Kate Mayfield as they attempt to stop the Custer Hill Club members especially Bain Madox from nuking American cities in order to force the Wild Fire protocol to be initiated.
 The Hunter's Blades Trilogy is a New York Times best-selling trilogy written by science fiction and fantasy author R.A. Salvatore. It follows on from the previous book The Servant of the Shard and the other books of the Paths of Darkness series. It contains three books The Thousand Orcs The Lone Drow and The Two Swords. The Two Swords was his 17th work concerning one of the most famous characters Salvatore has created the drow or dark elf Drizzt Do'Urden.
 Theodosia and the Serpents of Chaos is a children's novel by R. L. LaFevers.
 Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four is a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. It was published in May - August 2007 written by Jeff Parker and illustrated by Mike Wieringo shortly before his death.
 The International Journal of Motorcycle Studies (IJMS) is the first peer-reviewed journal dedicated to the study and discussion of motorcycling culture. The journal considers motorcycling culture in all its forms — from the experience of riding and racing to the history of the machine the riders and design to the images of motorcycling and motorcyclists in film advertising and literature.
 The Star Trek Star Fleet Technical Manual (ISBN 0345340744 Ballantine Books 1975 reprinted 1986 1996 2006) is a fiction reference book by Franz Joseph Schnaubelt about the workings of Starfleet a military exploratory and diplomatic organization featured in the television series Star Trek.Although it is fiction the book is presented as an in-universe collection of factual documents describing the 23rd century Starfleet and United Federation of Planets and it is described as having been accidentally sent from the future to the 20th century--specifically when as described in Tomorrow Is Yesterday the Enterprise was accidentally propelled back in time in a freak mishap causing the manual's contents to be accidentally downloaded into the main computers of the now-closed Omaha Air Force Station.
 Belushi: A Biography is an oral history biography of John Belushi written and collaborated by John's widow Judith Belushi Pisano and co-author Tanner Colby with an introduction by Dan Aykroyd.
 The Giving Tree is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Shel Silverstein.
 Gazete ODTÜLÜ is an independent unofficial online student newspaper of METU (ODTÜ in Turkish) in Ankara Turkey.
 Hammerlocke is a nine-issue limited series by Tom Joyner PhD Chris Sprouse and Kez Wilson published in 1992 by DC Comics.
 China Information (subtitled A Journal on Contemporary China Studies) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that is published three times annually. The journal was established in 1986 and published by the Documentation and Research Centre for Contemporary China (Leiden University). Since 2004 the journal has been published by SAGE Publications. The founding editor-in-chief was Woei Lien Chong. The journal has been under the editorship of Tak-Wing Ngo since 2002.
 Nancy's Mysterious Letter is the eighth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1932 and was penned by Walter Karig a replacement writer for Mildred Wirt Benson. Benson declined series work when the Depression forced a reduction in the contract fee provided to Stratemeyer Syndicate writers so Karig was hired.
 Queen's Blade Rebellion (Japanese: クイーンズブレイド リベリオン Hepburn: Kuīnzu Bureido Riberion) is a series of visual combat books published by Hobby Japan. The sequel to Queen's Blade it features an all-new cast of characters as well as remakes of characters from the original series. Like Queen's Blade before it Rebellion is also compatible with Flying Buffalo's Lost Worlds gamebooks.
 The Human Factor (ISBN 0-679-40992-0) is an espionage novel by Graham Greene first published in 1978 and adapted into a 1979 film directed by Otto Preminger using a screenplay by Tom Stoppard.
 Goodbye Janette is a 1981 bestselling novel by Harold Robbins and his 16th novel. Though critically panned it sold well. Over 77000 copies were sold in the United Kingdom in ten days and it had an advance printing of 3.75 million copies.
 The Poisoner's Handbook: Murder and the Birth of Forensic Medicine in Jazz Age New York is a New York Times best-selling non-fiction book by Pulitzer Prize-winning science writer Deborah Blum that was released by Penguin Press in 2010.
 To Have and To Hold is a novel by English author Deborah Moggach first published in 1986 by Viking. The novel started as the script for an eight-part television drama for London Weekend Television screened in September 1986.
 Cagebird is a science fiction novel by Canadian author Karin Lowachee. It was published by Warner Aspect in 2005 as the third book in the Warchild Universe. Cagebird was the winner of the Prix Aurora Award and the Gaylactic Spectrum Award[1] in 2006.
 The Sleeze Brothers was a comic book limited series published by Epic Comics between August 1989 and January 1990 (UK release dates) lasting for 6 issues. A collection of the six issues were later released in 1990 along with a final extended issue in 1991. It was written by John Carnell with art by Andy Lanning.
 Homosexuality: An Annotated Bibliography by Alan P. Bell and Martin S. Weinberg is a 1972 bibliography of literature on homosexuality.
 By Love Possessed is a novel written by James Gould Cozzens. It was published on August 26 1957 by Harcourt Brace and Company. The novel was bestselling and critically acclaimed. It was awarded the Howells prize an award given every five years to the best novel of the previous 5 years.The novel was turned into a film starring Lana Turner.
 Friday the Rabbi Slept Late is a mystery novel written by Harry Kemelman in 1964 the first of the successful Rabbi Small series.
 They Called Me the Catch Me Killer is an autobiographical book written by Bob Erler with the help of John C. Souter.Bob Erler is working as a policeman when he is charged and convicted of murder though it is heavily implied that he is innocent. The reader then follows Bob through his years in prison and his escape that ends after a great while with being shot by the police and met with the compassion of the local sheriff.
 Horse & Hound is the oldest equestrian weekly magazine of the United Kingdom. Its first edition was published in 1884. It is also known by the nickname 'Nag & Dog'. The magazine contains horse industry news reports from equestrian events veterinary advice about caring for horses and horses for sale. Fox hunting has always been an important topic for the magazine as are the sports of eventing dressage show jumping horse racing showing carriage driving and endurance riding.
 Captain Tsubasa (キャプテン翼 Kyaputen Tsubasa) also known as Flash Kicker is a popular long-running Japanese manga animation and video game series originally created by Yōichi Takahashi in 1981. The series mainly revolves around the sport of Association football.The story focuses on the adventures of a Japanese youth soccer team and its football captain Tsubasa Oozora (大空 翼 Ōzora Tsubasa) whose name literally translates to Big Sky Wings.
 Ninja Slayer (ニンジャスレイヤー Ninjasureiyā) is a Japanese science fiction novel series allegedly created by the American writers Bradley Bond and Philip Ninj@ Morzez. After they gave permission for Japanese translations to be published via Twitter Enterbrain published the first translated novel in September 2012 with illustrations by Warainaku. Eight novels have been released as of April 2014. It has received three manga adaptations. An anime adaptation has been announced.
 The Chinese Parrot (1926) is the second novel in the Charlie Chan series of mystery novels by Earl Derr Biggers. It is the first in which Chan travels from Hawaii to mainland California and involves a crime whose exposure is hastened by the death of a parrot. The story concerns a valuable string of pearls which is purchased by a wealthy and eccentric financier.
 The Scottish Play: A Play is a play written by Graham Holliday and published by Samuel French.
 Samurai Legend (カゼノショ Kaze No Sho) is a one shot Japanese manga is written by Kan Furuyama and illustrated by Jiro Taniguchi. The manga is licensed for an English-language release in North America by Central Park Media licensed for a French-language release in France Italian-language release in Italy and Portuguese-language release in Brazil by Panini Comics and a Spanish-language release in Spain by Editorial Ivrea.
 Floating in My Mother's Palm is a 1990 novelby Ursula Hegi.The story centers on a young girl Hannah Malter growing up in post-war Germany and her family and many of their fellow townsfolk in 'Burgdorf' including Trudi Montag who also appears in Hegi's Stones from the River.
 East Week (Chinese: 東周刊 Jyutping: dung1 zau1 hon1) is a Hong Kong-based weekly Chinese language magazine which was established by Oriental Group on October 29 1992 and sold to the Emperor Group in September 2001. It is now owned by Global China Group Holdings Limited and published by China Touch Media Solutions & Services Limited.
 The Freshest Boy is a short story by American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was first published in The Saturday Evening Post 28 July 1928. It was reprinted in Fitzgerald's 1935 collection Taps at Reveille.
 Three Stages of Amazement is a novel by Carol Edgarian. The novel reached the New York Times bestseller list in its first week of publication O Magazine chose it as a Top Pick and Indiebound selected it as a Pick of the Month.
 Udbodhan is the only Bengali publication of Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission started by Swami Vivekananda in January 1899 with Swami Trigunatitananda as its founding editor Over the years it also grew into a publishing house and remained one of the leading publishers of literature of Ramakrishna and Vivekananda.
 An Old-Fashioned Girl is a novel by Louisa May Alcott.It was first serialised in the Merry's Museum magazine between July and August in 1869 and consisted of only six chapters. For the finished product however Alcott continued the story from the chapter Six Years Afterwards and so it ended up with nineteen chapters in all. The book revolves around Polly Milton the old-fashioned girl who titles the story.
 Lady Friday is the fifth novel by Garth Nix in his 'The Keys to the Kingdom' series. The fifth Trustee Lady Friday is mentioned at the end of the fourth book in the series Sir Thursday as a 'Doctor Friday'. Lady Friday is also mentioned in Grim Tuesday by Grim Tuesday as that fool Friday. Lady Friday is afflicted with the deadly sin of lust.
 The Newcastle Chronicle and Hunter River District News (also published as the Newcastle Chronicle) was a weekly English language newspaper published in Newcastle New South Wales.
 .hack//AI buster is a novel by Tatsuya Hamazaki in the Japanese multimedia franchise .hack. It was published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten in 2002 and was translated and published in an English form by Tokyopop in 2005. Chronologically in the series it is set before the anime .hack//Sign.AI buster is set both in The World and in the real world. The story is told from the first person point of view of two characters as they interact with Lycoris a Vagrant AI who seemingly can't be deleted.
 Vendetta for the Saint is a 1964 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint. The novel is credited to Leslie Charteris who created the Saint in 1928 but the book was actually authored by Harry Harrison a noted science fiction author who also wrote the syndicated Saint comic strip. Although Charteris is sometimes credited as co-author of the book Harrison's official website indicates that the novel was fully ghost written by Harrison [1].
 Art's Gallery is a weekly comic strip by Art Finley which featured in the San Francisco Chronicle between 1965 and 1977. The strip consisted of 19th century woodcut panels from the Chronicle's archives to which Finley added humorous and contemporary captions.
 Zorba the Greek (Βίος και Πολιτεία του Αλέξη Ζορμπά Life and Adventures of Alexis Zorbas) is a novel written by the Greek author Nikos Kazantzakis first published in 1946. It is the tale of a young Greek intellectual who ventures to escape his bookish life with the aid of the boisterous and mysterious Alexis Zorba. The novel was adapted into a successful 1964 film of the same name by Michael Cacoyannis as well as a 1968 musical Zorba.
 The Moment of the Magician (1984) is a fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book follows the continuing adventures of Jonathan Thomas Meriweather who is transported from our world into a land of talking animals and magic. It is the fourth book in the Spellsinger series.
 Judge Dredd: The Megazine is a monthly British comic magazine launched in October 1990. It is a sister publication to 2000 AD. Its name is a play on words formed from magazine and Dredd's locale Mega-City One.
 Minute (French: [miˈnyt]) is a weekly newspaper initially right-wing but now far-right circulated in France since 1962. Its editorial position is satirical and conservative. According to figures provided by the paper's management it had a circulation of 40000 copies a week in 2006.
 Five Go Off In A Caravan is the fifth book in the Famous Five series by the British author Enid Blyton and published by Hodder and Stoughton.
 The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss (ISBN 0-679-43448-8) is a collection of visual art created by Theodor Seuss Geisel better known as Dr. Seuss. It was published in 1995 after Geisel's death by Random House of New York.
 The Light on the Island by Helene Glidden recounts her early years in the lighthouse on Patos Island in Washington State's San Juan Islands. Set during Edward Durgan's eight-year term as lighthouse keeper from 1905–1913 it offers a child's perspective on a number of adult themes including death murder strong language and smugglers.
 Mercenary from Tomorrow is a 1968 science fiction novel written by Mack Reynolds. It is the first in a series about Joe Mauser a soldier in a rigid caste-based society that makes it very difficult to better oneself.
 Andhra Patrika was a Telugu language weekly founded by Kasinadhuni Nageswara Rao. It later transformed into a daily newspaper.
 Dragonwyck is a novel written by the American author Anya Seton which was first published in 1944.It is a fictional story of the life of Miranda Wells and her marriage to Nicholas Van Ryn set against an historical background of the Patroon system Anti-Rent Wars the Astor Place Riots and steamboat racing on the Hudson River.The book focuses on Miranda Wells: her longing for her rich cousin Nicholas Van Ryn; her eventual marriage to him; and ultimately her discovery of her husband's dark and twisted actions.The novel was subsequently adapted into a film called Dragonwyck directed by Joseph L. 
 The Dark Half is a horror novel by Stephen King published in 1989. Publishers Weekly listed The Dark Half as the second best-selling book of 1989 behind Tom Clancy's Clear and Present Danger. It was adapted into a feature film of the same name in 1993.Stephen King wrote several books under a pseudonym Richard Bachman during the seventies and eighties.
 Marvel Age was the title of a promotional comic book-sized magazine from Marvel Comics published from 1983–1994. Basically a comic-length edition of the Bullpen Bulletins page Marvel Age contained previews of upcoming Marvel comics as well as interviews with comics professionals and other features including occasional original comic strips. It is also notable for early work by Marvel writers such as Peter David and Kurt Busiek.
 The First Sex is a 1971 book by the American librarian Elizabeth Gould Davis considered part of the second wave of feminism. In the book Gould Davis aimed to show that early human society consisted of matriarchal queendoms based around worship of the Great Goddess and characterised by pacifism and democracy. Gould Davis argued that the early matriarchal societies attained a high level of civilization which was largely wiped out as a result of the patriarchal revolution.
 Translation changes everything: Theory and practice is a 2012 book by Lawrence Venuti.This book is a collection of essays written by Venuti during the period 2000-2012 and it deals with trends in translation research the impact of translation translator ethics and other related topics. Venuti conceives translation as an interpretive act with far-reaching social effects at once enabled and constrained by specific cultural situations.
 Princess Diana's Revenge is a novel written by the English writer Michael de Larrabeiti and self-published in 2006 under the imprint Tallis House which is the name used by de Larrabeiti for publishing his own works. In the context of de Larrabeiti's other works it is perhaps closest in tone to his thrillers The Bunce and The Hollywood Takes dealing with conspiracy theories and partly featuring the documentary film business in which de Larrabeiti's earlier novels were set.
 Mortalis is a novel that spans the gap between the first and second DemonWars Saga trilogies by R.A. Salvatore. The book is also the fourth out of seven books in the combined DemonWars Saga.
 Pandora's Curse is an adventure novel by Jack Du Brul. This is the 4th book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Philip Mercer.
 Bonjour paresse (Hello Laziness) is the title of an international bestseller by Corinne Maier a French writer psychoanalyst and economist. The book is a highly cynical and humorous critique of contemporary French corporate culture (epitomized for Maier by the middle manager) that advocates various ways of undermining the system. The title is a reference to Françoise Sagan's novel Bonjour Tristesse.
 The House That Berry Built is a humorous semi-autobiographical novel by Dornford Yates published in 1945 by Ward Lock & Co of London. It is a fictional recreation of the construction of the author's house Cockade in the commune of Eaux-Bonnes Pyrénées-Atlantiques France.
 J-14 is a monthly teenage magazine marketed at preteen and teenage girls around age 11-19. It is one of the earliest teen celebrity magazines. The magazine was among the top children magazines in the 2012 list of Forbes.
 The Newsletter of Beijing International Studies University is the bi-weekly university newspaper of Beijing International Studies University. It is often referred to as BISU Newspaper or simply The Newspaper and is currently supervised by the University Relations.
 Go Ask Alice is a 1971 novel about the life of a troubled teenage girl. It is written by Beatrice Sparks in the form of the diary of an anonymous teenage girl who becomes addicted to drugs. The diarist's name is never given in the book.
 A Christmas Carol is a 1988 one-man stage performance by English actor Patrick Stewart of the Charles Dickens novel of the same title.
 Invisible Man is a novel by Ralph Ellison published by Random House in 1952. It addresses many of the social and intellectual issues facing African-Americans early in the twentieth century including black nationalism the relationship between black identity and Marxism and the reformist racial policies of Booker T. Washington as well as issues of individuality and personal identity.Invisible Man won the U.S.
 Peter Pan; or the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up or Peter and Wendy is J. M. Barrie's most famous work in the form of a 1904 play and a 1911 novel. Both versions tell the story of Peter Pan a mischievous little boy who can fly and his adventures on the island of Neverland with Wendy Darling and her brothers the fairy Tinker Bell the Lost Boys the Indian princess Tiger Lily and the pirate Captain Hook. The play and novel were inspired by Barrie's friendship with the Llewelyn Davies family.
 Poor Fellow My Country is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Xavier Herbert. It is the longest Australian work of fiction ever written. Primarily it is the story of Jeremy Delacy and his illegitimate grandson Prindy in the years leading up to World War II. It covers matter on Aboriginal affairs Australian patriotism and nationalism; subjects also dealt with in Herbert's 1938 novel Capricornia.
 The Journalist published in Thimphu is an English language weekly newspaper published in Bhutan. It was launched in December 2009 by Gopal Acharya the former editor of the Bhutan Times and six journalists who left that paper and it is Bhutan's fifth private newspaper.
 To levende og en død is a 1931 Norwegian novel written by Sigurd Christiansen. A post office worker due for promotion faces a crisis of conscience when his workplace is robbed.
 Venus in Copper is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Progress is an upcoming book by author Fran Lebowitz that was first excerpted in Vanity Fair in 2004 and currently has a 2015 publication date.
 The News-Herald is a newspaper distributed in the northeastern portion of Greater Cleveland Ohio United States serving Lake Geauga and Ashtabula Counties as well as a section of eastern Cuyahoga County.
 Femina is a Danish magazine for women published by Aller Media. It began in its current form in 1952 and is a continuation of illustrated fashion journal 'Nordisk Mønster Tidende' (1874–1952) making it the oldest weekly magazine in Denmark. The magazine positions itself towards modern women and covers fashion food interior design health and beauty psychology and culture.
 The Book and the Sword is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It was first serialised in Hong Kong between 8 February 1955 and 5 September 1956 in The New Evening Post.Set in the Qing Dynasty during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor (r. 1735-1796) the novel details the quest of the Red Flower Society a secret organisation that aims to overthrow the Qing government and their entanglements with an Islamic tribe in northwestern China.
 Men Are from Mars Women Are from Venus is a book written by an American author and relationship counselor John Gray.It has sold more than 50 million copies and according to CNN it was the highest ranked work of non-fiction of the 1990s and spent 121 weeks on the bestseller list.
 Suicide Circle: The Complete Edition (自殺サークル　完全版 Jisatsu Saakuru: Kanzenban) is a novel written by Japanese poet and filmmaker Sion Sono based on his Suicide Circle trilogy. It was published by Kawade Shobo Shinsha in 2002.
 Ydin (Nuclear in Finnish) is a bi-monthly political magazine published in Finland.
 As I See It is a 2011 Indian book by politician L.K. Advani who served as the Deputy Prime Minister of India and former president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). The book explains various issues that riveted the nation present time from Lokpal Bill to Indian currency in Swiss Banks.
 The Journal of Sociolinguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers topics in sociolinguistics. Its scope encompasses a wide range of languages treated from a multidisciplinary point of view. It was established in 1997 and appears four times a year. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell and the current editor in chief is Allan Bell (Auckland University of Technology).
 The Great Nebraska Sea is a science fiction short story by author Allan Danzig. It was first published in 1963 in the magazine Galaxy Science Fiction. The story has been extensively collected for anthologies most recently in 1999 for the collection Armageddons edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois.The story was originally written as a spoof history or possibly a future history.
 Red Rocket 7 is a seven-issue comic book limited series by Mike Allred published in 1997 by Dark Horse Comics.
 Calamity Town is a novel that was published in 1942 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel primarily set in the fictitious town of Wrightsville USA.
 The Death Of Jesus is a textual analysis of the New Testament with the premise that any material that corroborates Christian doctrine is probably propaganda.
 Guardians of Liberty is a three volume set of books published in 1943 by Bishop Alma Bridwell White author of over 35 books and founder of the Pillar of Fire Church. Guardians of Liberty is primarily devoted to summarizing White’s vehement anti-Catholicism under the guise of patriotism. White also defends her historical support of and association with the Ku Klux Klan while significantly but not completely distancing herself from the Klan.
 Turma da Mônica - Laços is a 2013 Brazilian graphic novel written and illustrated by Vitor Cafaggi and Lu Cafaggi based on the Monica's Gang characters created by Maurício de Sousa. It is part of the Graphic MSP series of graphic novels based on Maurício de Sousa characters.
 The Dean's December is a 1982 novel by the American author Saul Bellow. The first novel Bellow published after winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1976 it is set in Chicago and Bucharest. The book's main character Albert Corde a meditative academic who faces a crisis accompanies his Romanian-born astrophysicist wife to her Communist-ruled native country where they deal with the death of his mother-in-law.
 Felix Holt the Radical (1866) is a social novel written by George Eliot about political disputes in a small English town at the time of the First Reform Act of 1832.In January 1868 Eliot penned an article entitled Address to Working Men by Felix Holt. This came on the heels of the Second Reform Act of 1867 which expanded the right to vote beyond the landed classes and was written in the character of and signed by Felix Holt.
 Pictures from the Insects' Life (in Czech: Ze života hmyzu) – also known as The Insect Play The Life of the Insects The Insect Comedy The World We Live In and From Insect Life – is a satirical play that was written in the Czech language by the brothers Karel Čapek and Josef Čapek who collaborated on some 20 stage works of which this is the most famous. It was published in 1921 and premiered in 1922.
 Look was a bi-weekly general-interest magazine published in Des Moines Iowa from 1937 to 1971 with more of an emphasis on photographs than articles. A large-size magazine of 11 by 14 inches it was generally considered the also-ran to Life magazine which began publication months earlier and ended in 1972.It is known for helping launch the career of film director Stanley Kubrick who was a staff photographer.
 Chuang Tse and the First Emperor is a novel by Italian writer Anna Russo. Published in 2010 the story questions the reader's view of reality.
 Murder in Mesopotamia is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 6 July 1936 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00.The book features Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
 The Revista Colombiana de Química (English: Colombian Journal of Chemistry) is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal on chemistry published by the National University of Colombia. It publishes original contributions of applied and basic research on chemistry including analytical organic inorganic bio- and physical chemistry. Articles are published in Spanish with abstracts translated into English and Portuguese.
 The Mindanao Journal is published weekly since 1977 by the Mindanao Journal Publications with editorial and advertising office located at 25 E.C. Business Center C.M. Recto St. Davao City Philippines.
 Monthly Comp Ace (月刊コンプ エース Gekkan Konpu Eesu short for Monthly Comptiq Ace) is a Japanese computer game and manga magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten. Comp Ace began as a special edition version of another one of Kadokawa Shoten's magazines Comptiq. The first issue was released on March 26 2005 and was published quarterly for the first three volumes which had cover illustrations by Itaru Hinoue of Key.
 Şcoala (English: School) was a magazine from Czernowitz Austria-Hungary founded in 1907 by George Tofan.
 This article is about the novel. For the film see The Mouse That Roared (film)The Mouse That Roared is a 1955 Cold War satirical novel by Irish-American writer Leonard Wibberley which launched a series of satirical books about an imaginary country in Europe called the Duchy of Grand Fenwick.
 Iran: Journal of the British Institute of Persian Studies is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering Iranian studies. It is published by the British Institute of Persian Studies and the editors-in-chief are C. Edmund Bosworth and Cameron A. Petrie.
 Scripta Geologica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes on vertebrate and invertebrate palaeontology palaeobotany/palynology stratigraphy petrology and mineralogy including gemmology with a focus on systematics.
 Ending Aging: The Rejuvenation Breakthroughs that Could Reverse Human Aging in Our Lifetime is a 2007 book written by Aubrey de Grey a biomedical gerontologist with his research assistant Michael Rae. Ending Aging describes de Grey's proposal for eliminating aging as a cause of debilitation and death in humans and restoring the body to an indefinitely youthful state a project plan that he calls the Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence or SENS.
 Hunters of the Dusk is the seventh novel in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan (his real name Darren O'Shaughnessy). It is part of the Vampire War trilogy which comprises the seventh to ninth novels of the twelve-book saga.
 Zombie Island redirects here. For the Scooby Doo movie see Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island.Monster Island is a novel of the zombie apocalypse horror sub-genre by David Wellington published in serial online in August 2004 and in print in April 2006.
 On Dit is a student newspaper funded by the Adelaide University Union and advertising revenue which is published fortnightly during semester time. Founded in 1932 it is the third oldest student newspaper in Australia along with Semper Floreat (which was first published in the same year as On Dit). The paper replaced its precursor the Varsity Ragge which ran from 1928 to 1931 when it ended because of what On Dit described in its first edition as 'student apathy'.
 Fable for Another Time (French: Féerie pour une autre fois) is a 1952 novel by the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline. The narrative recounts Céline's experiences during what seems to be a hypothetical bombing of an area of Montmartre by the allies on the days preceding D-day. The whole of the action of this fairly long narrative lasts no more than twelve hours from the beginning of an evening to the morning after. It was followed by a sequel Normance published in 1954.
 Grandpa Gazillion's Number Yard is the fourth children's book by American author and illustrator Laurie Keller. Released in 2005 by Henry Holt Books for Young Readers it tells in rhyme about the numbers 1 through 20 using the character of Grandpa Gazillion who runs a junkyard full of numbers.
 Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight commonly referred to as simply Legends of the Dark Knight is a DC comic book featuring Batman. It was launched in 1989 with the popularity of the Batman movie following on from Frank Miller's Batman: Year One. It differs from other Batman titles in that it has constantly rotating creative teams and the stories are not necessarily part of the current events of the other Batman comics.
 Giacomo Joyce is a posthumously-published work by Irish writer James Joyce. Written in 1914 following the publication of Dubliners it was published by Faber and Faber from sixteen handwritten pages by Joyce. In the free-form love poem presented in the guise of a series of notes Joyce attempts to penetrate the mind of a dark lady the object of an illicit love affair.Giacomo is the Italian form of the author's forename James.
 The Orchard Keeper is the first novel by the American novelist Cormac McCarthy.The novel is set in a small isolated community in Tennessee during the inter-war period. It is the story of John Wesley Rattner a young boy and Marion Sylder an outlaw and bootlegger who has killed Rattner's father a fact to which both are oblivious.It won the 1966 William Faulkner Foundation Award for notable first novel.
 Snap! is a book in the Aussie Bites collection written by Australian author Margaret Clark and illustrated by Mark Payne. The book was released in Australia on 4 August 1997.It is the first in a three-part Margaret Clark Aussie Bites series containing Snap! Crackle! and Pop! in reference to the well known Kellogg's Rice Bubbles slogan. They were released together as an audio book in 2004 narrated by Stig Wemyss.The series does not link the only real connection they have is the title.
 Ultimate Comics: Iron Man is a comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics that began in October 2012 and ran until January 2013 as part of Marvel's Ultimate Comics imprint based on the Ultimate universe version of Iron Man. The series is written by Nathan Edmondson with art by Matteo Buffagni. The series features the debut of the Ultimate Mandarin which here is an organisation rather than a lone supervillain.
 The Canadian Journal of Surgery also known as the CJS or Can J Surg is a peer-reviewed medical journal specializing in surgery published by the Canadian Medical Association (CMA). It publishes original research reviews news from surgical societies practice and technical updates and editorials. The editors-in-chief are Major Vivian Charles McAlister a general surgeon in London Ontario and Dr. Edward J Harvey an orthopedic surgeon in Montreal Quebec.
 Girls' Revolution (ガールズ★レボリューション Gāruzu Reboryūshon) is a Japanese yuri light novel written by Rinko Matsu and illustrated by Tsubasu Izumi published as single 184-page novel on June 25 2006 by Singpoosha Publishing under their Jam Plus Novels label (ISBN 4-289-00798-8).
 A Bundle of Letters is a comic short story by Henry James originally published in The Parisian magazine in 1878 which is also when the story takes place. The story is one of James' few ventures into epistolary fiction. As he did so often especially in the early stages of his career James made the tale part of his international theme: his letter-writers represent a number of different countries.
 Published in 1997 My Bag of Secrets (The Words of Human Drama) is a compilation of Human Drama lyrics by Johnny Indovina. It also contains photos and commentary from Johnny Indovina and his fans.
 Castle in the Air is a young adult fantasy novel written by Diana Wynne Jones and first published in 1990. The novel is a sequel to Howl's Moving Castle and is set in the same fantasy world though it follows the adventures of Abdullah rather than Sophie Hatter. The plot is based on stories from the Arabian Nights. The book features many of the characters from Howl's Moving Castle often under some sort of disguise.
 Handes Amsorya (Հանդէս Ամսօրեայ Monthly Review) is an academic journal that publishes research papers and articles on Armenian studies especially history art social sciences linguistics and philology. It was established in 1887 by the Mechitarian order in Vienna.
 In Persuasion Nation is short story writer George Saunders’s third full length short story collection; it is 240 pages long. The collection has many stories that appeared in different forms in The New Yorker Harper's Esquire and McSweeney's. The collection as a whole was a finalist for The Story Prize in 2007.
 Yargo is a science fiction romance novel by Jacqueline Susann. Her husband found it among her things after her death and he had it published by Bantam Books on February 28 1979. The original name for the novel was: YARGO: A Love Story.Yargo tells the story of Susan Cooper a young human woman abducted by aliens from Avalon N.J. where she is captivated but disturbed by the beautiful and intelligent but emotionless Yargoans.
 Mësuesi is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Ballad of the Flexible Bullet is a novella by Stephen King first published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction in 1984 and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew. The title is in reference to the narrator's belief that insanity is a sort of flexible bullet – it will eventually kill you but how long this process takes and how much damage the bullet does before the victim finally dies are impossible to predict.
 Death of Kings published in 2011 is the sixth novel of Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Tales series. It continues the story of Saxon warlord Uhtred of Bebbanburg who keeps fighting against a new Danish invasion of Wessex and Mercia.
 Lighting Research & Technology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Optics and Construction. The journal's Editor is David Carter MSc PhD CEng FCIBSE FILE FSLL (the Society of Light and Lighting). It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society of Light and Lighting (part of the Chartered Institution of Building Services Engineers).
 The Black Tulip is a historical novel written by Alexandre Dumas père.
 Love on the Dole is a novel by Walter Greenwood about working class poverty in 1930s Northern England. It has been made into both a play and a film.
 The Ice-Shirt is a 1990 historical novel by American author William T. Vollmann. It is the first book in a seven-book series called Seven Dreams: A Book of North American Landscapes.
 The Lucky One is a 2008 romance novel by American writer Nicholas Sparks. The novel was adapted into a 2012 film starring Zac Efron and Taylor Schilling.
 The Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie is an academic journal of Celtic studies which was established in 1897 by the German scholars Kuno Meyer and Ludwig Christian Stern. It was the first journal devoted exclusively to Celtic languages and literature and the oldest significant journal of Celtic studies still in existence today.
 The Health Physics Society (HPS) is a nonprofit scientific professional organization whose mission is excellence in the science and practice of radiation safety. The specific purposes of the society's activities include encouraging research in radiation science developing standards and disseminating radiation safety information.
 Eat a Bowl of Tea is a 1961 novel by Louis Chu. It was the first Chinese American novel set in Chinese America. Because of its portrayal of the bachelor society in New York's Chinatown after World War II it has become an important work in Asian American studies. It has been cited as an influence by such authors as Frank Chin and Maxine Hong Kingston.
 A Klingon Christmas Carol is the first play to be performed entirely in Klingon (tlhIngan Hol) a constructed language first appearing in the television series Star Trek. The play is based on the Charles Dickens novella A Christmas Carol.
 The Ultimate published in 2001 and written by K.A. Applegate is the 50th book in the Animorphs series. It is the final book (fully) narrated by Cassie.
 Plum Lovin' is a 2007 novel by Janet Evanovich. It is the fourteenth book in the Stephanie Plum series.In this Valentine's Day between the numbers novella bounty hunter Stephanie Plum is tracking down Annie Hart a relationship expert who was charged with armed robbery. According to Stephanie's file Hart stole a necklace from a pawn shop owned by Stanley Cramp and shot him in the foot.
 The Method (German: Corpus Delicti) is a 2009 novel by the German writer Juli Zeh. The story is set in the a future health dictatorship where laws have been written to optimize the citizens' health. The novel was developed from Zeh's 2007 play with the same title. Reviews in major German newspapers complimented Zeh's focus points and narrative structure and compared the book to works by authors such as Ray Bradbury and Friedrich Dürrenmatt.
 Only the Good Spy Young is a 2010 young-adult fiction novel by Ally Carter and the sequel to Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover. It is the fourth book in the Gallagher Girls series. The book was released on July 29 2010 but the title had been announced and the cover released on December 25 2009.Ally Carter posted mini excerpts of the book on her website in the lead-up to the release.
 The Medusa Frequency is a 1987 novel by Russell Hoban. Written in a lyrical often magic realist style it crosses a number of genres including comedy and fantasy without fitting easily into any. Its themes include loss fidelity mythology perception and creativity.
 The Scary Sleepover is a children's picture book written for children between three and six years of age. The story is written by Ulrich Karger and illustrated by Uli Waas.
 Amen Corner is a 2007 novel by American author Rick Shefchik published March 9 by Poisoned Pen Press. A mystery/thriller set at the Masters Tournament of golf it centers on Minneapolis police detective and amateur golfer Sam Skarda as he competes in his first Masters and tries to stop a crazed killer determined to put an end to the tournament. It is the first in a series about Skarda and his adventures investigating crime in the sports world.
 April Morning is a novel about Adam Cooper's coming of age during the Battle of Lexington.
 The Big Front Yard is a science fiction short story by Clifford D. Simak which won a 1959 Hugo Award for Best Novelette. It was also included in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume Two (1973) after being voted one of the best novellas up to 1965.
 The Last Boleyn is a novel by Karen Harper.Previously published as Passion's Reign in 1983 The Last Boleyn tells the story of the middle Boleyn child Mary who has not been given as much historical note as her siblings Anne and George. The book describes how their father Thomas uses his own children to rise to power—a practice that was commonplace in sixteenth century England.
 Priamus (ISSN 1015-8243) is a scientific journal published by the Centre for Entomological Studies Ankara Turkey. It was founded in 1981 and publishes research papers from the centre on topics including ecology distribution taxonomy nomenclature and morphology of insects. News about the Centre is also included. Priamus is a multilingual journal and appears in Turkish Uighur English German and Chinese.
 Bone Quill is the sequel to Hollow Earth from sibling writing pair John Barrowman and Carole Barrowman published in February 2013.
 Ümera jõel is a novel by Estonian author Mait Metsanurk. It was first published in 1934.
 The Shadow Kingdom by Robert E. Howard is the first of Howard's Kull stories set in his fictional Thurian Age. It was first published in the pulp magazine Weird Tales in August 1929.The story introduces Kull himself the setting of Valusia the supporting character Brule the Spear-slayer and the Serpent Men (who do not appear in any other work by Howard but were adopted by later authors for derivative works and inclusion in the Cthulhu Mythos).
 Havana is a novel by author Stephen Hunter. The third novel in the Earl Swagger series it was released by Simon & Schuster in 2003 and takes place in Cuba during the emergence of Fidel Castro.Earl Swagger ends up being recruited as a personal bodyguard for an Arkansas politician who is visiting Havana Cuba. Earl is met by Frenchy Short who is now a CIA intelligence officer in Cuba and is coerced into an a black bag operation to take out Fidel Castro.
 The Chicago Reporter is a monthly periodical based in Chicago Illinois USA. Founded in 1972 it covers poverty and race issues. In 1974 its yearly budget was $120000 most of which was paid by the Ford Foundation.
 Race is a play by David Mamet that premiered on Broadway in December 2009.
 Watt was Samuel Beckett's second published novel in English largely written on the run in the south of France during the Second World War and published by Maurice Girodias's Olympia Press in 1953 (an extract had been published in the Dublin literary review Envoy in 1950). A French translation followed in 1968.
 The Watchman is a 2007 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the eleventh in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole's partner Joe Pike.
 Drejček in trije Marsovčki is a novel by Slovenian author Vid Pečjak. It was first published in 1961.
 Libertarian Communism was a socialist journal founded in 1974 and produced in part by members of the Socialist Party of Great Britain.
 Armoured Train 14-69 (Russian: Бронепоезд 14-69 Bronepoezd 14-69) is a 1927 Soviet play by Vsevolod Ivanov. Based on his 1922 novel of the same name it was the first play that he wrote and remains his most important. In creating his adaptation Ivanov transformed the passive protagonist of his novel into an active exponent of proletarian ideals; the play charts his journey from political indifference to Bolshevik heroism.
 The Secret Servant is a third person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall first published in 1980 and the first of his series of novels with the character “Harry Maxim” as the main protagonist.
 The Smack Man published in 1975 is the fourth of Nelson DeMille Joe Ryker novels. It was republished in 1989 with the author listed as Jack Cannon.
 The Crippled God is the tenth and final volume of Canadian author Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series the Malazan Book of the Fallen. In an interview Erikson described The Crippled God as the second half of the series finale with Dust of Dreams the first half ending on a cliffhanger.
 Beatrice and Virgil is Canadian writer Yann Martel's third novel. First published in April 2010 it contains an allegorical tale about representations of the Holocaust. It tells the story of Henry a novelist who receives the manuscript of a play in a letter from a reader.
 Chameleon Jail (カメレオン ジェイル Kamerion Jeiru) is a manga series written by Kazuhiko Watanabe and illustrated by Takehiko Inoue who is more well known for his subsequent manga Slam Dunk. Chameleon Jail is Inoue's first manga series to be compiled in tankōbon form. It was first published in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump in Japan in 1989. The story centers on a risk hunter named Chameleon Jail who thwarts and solves crimes by using a superhuman ability to change his appearance at will.
 For the album by Little Willie Littlefield see The Red One (album)For other uses see Red OneThe Red One is a short story by Jack London. It was first published in the October 1918 issue of The Cosmopolitan two years after London's death.
 Super School is a comic strip which started in November 2008 and is drawn by Lew Stringer. This strip was stated in the book The History of The Beano: The Story So Far as originally having the name The Ultras in the planning stages and was inspired by the X-Men. The strip originally features four super powered children (which later became five) and their non-super powered Teacher.
 Artscribe (1976–92) titled Artscribe International from 1985 is a defunct British contemporary art magazine. It was notable for its commitment in the late 1970s and early 1980s to abstract art and for giving popular art critic Matthew Collings his first break into contemporary art.
 La Grande Vie suivi de Peuple du ciel is the title of two novellasLa Grande VieLa Grande Vie has translated into English by C. Dickson as the Great Life.Peuple du cielPeuple du ciel has not yet been translated into English but could be given a title such as the Cloud people.La Grande Vie suivi de Peuple du ciel were written in Frenchby French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and published in one book.↑
 Smilin' Through is a 1919 play by Jane Cowl and Jane Murfin written under a pseudonym Allan Langdon Martin. Cowl also starred in the play in a double role and co-directed it with Priestly Morrison. Smilin' Through was produced by The Selwyns and opened at the Broadhurst Theatre on Broadway on December 30 1919. It included in the cast Orme Caldara as Kenneth and Jeremiah Wayne Henry Stephenson as John Carteret and Ethelbert D. Hales as Dr. Owen Harding. Scenic design was by Joseph Urban.
 The Hans India is a daily newspaper in India written entirely in English. The newspaper was founded in 2011. It has editions in Hyderabad Visakhapatnam Vijayawada Tirupati and Warangal.And these great minds; the chief editor of the newspaper is K. Ramachandra Murthy.
 Silverthorn is a novel by Raymond E. Feist the sequel to Magician. Released in 1985 it was followed by A Darkness at Sethanon the final book in The Riftwar Saga.
 Song of the Swallows is a book by Leo Politi. Published by Scribner it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1950.
 The Augusta Chronicle is the daily newspaper of Augusta Georgia and is one of the oldest newspapers in the United States still in publication. The paper is known for its coverage of the Masters Tournament which is played in Augusta. The Chronicle had a daily circulation of 55444 and a Sunday circulation of 71057 according to a March 2012 report by the Audit Bureau of Circulations.
 A Scanner Darkly is a BSFA Award winning 1977 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick. The semi-autobiographical story is set in a dystopian Orange County California in the then-future of June 1994 and includes an extensive portrayal of drug culture and drug use (both recreational and abusive). The novel represents one of Dick's best-known works and served as the basis for a 2006 film of the same name.
 Foreign Land (1985) is the first novel of the author Jonathan Raban.
 Chasing Redbird is a book by Sharon Creech published in 1997. The book centers on Zinnia Taylor. Zinny sometimes mentions her friend Sal which may be a reference to Salamanca Hiddle the protagonist of the 1995 Newbery Medal-winning Walk Two Moons.
 On the Origin of Species published on 24 November 1859 is a work of scientific literature by Charles Darwin which is considered to be the foundation of evolutionary biology. Its full title was On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life. For the sixth edition of 1872 the short title was changed to The Origin of Species.
 This article is about the 2006 novel. For information on the stories of 1951 2000 or 2007 see Genesis (disambiguation).Genesis (2006) is a philosophical science fiction novel by New Zealand author Bernard Beckett. It won the 2007 Esther Glen Award for children's literature and the 2007 New Zealand Post Book Awards for Children and Young Adults.
 Shōnen Star is the Indonesian version of Weekly Shōnen Sunday published by Elex Media Komputindo (member of Gramedia group) the largest comic publisher in Indonesia on 2005. The magazine published Kurozakuro Robot Boys My Wing Midori's Days etc. Due to government regulation of pornography so the censorship is considered to be too strict. Formerly the magazine is published monthly but as of July 2010 the magazine is published twice a month.
 Breaking the Surface is a best-selling book by Greg Louganis co-written with Eric Marcus published in 1996. The book spent five weeks at number one on the New York Times Best Seller list.Louganis chronicles his winning of back-to-back double gold medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics and 1988 Summer Olympics and his self-doubt and lack of confidence that held him back personally and professionally because of concealing his sexual orientation as a gay athlete.
 Gideon's Sword is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child. It was released on February 22 2011.It was optioned by Bay Films and will be produced by Michael Bay.
 Tōi Umi Kara Kita Coo (遠い海から来たＣＯＯ Tōi Umi kara Kita Kū lit. From a Distant Ocean Came Coo) is a Japanese novel by Tamio Kageyama. It won the Naoki Prize in 1988. It was adapted into an anime film named Coo: Tōi Umi Kara Kita Coo (COO: 遠い海から来たＣＯＯ Kū: Tōi Umi kara Kita Kū lit. Coo: From a Distant Ocean Came Coo) released in 1993 by Toei Animation. The story revolves around a boy who finds a baby plesiosaur.
 Kekko Kamen (けっこう仮面 Kekkō Kamen sometimes romanized as Kekkou Kamen Kekko Masked Mask of Kekkou or Mask the Kekkou and translated as Splendid Mask) is originally a shōnen manga series from Japanese creator Go Nagai which spawned an OVA series and several live-action films. The manga series is about the misadventures of a student named Mayumi Takahashi who attends a boarding school called Toenail of Satan's Spartan Institute of Higher Education that is run by sexual predators.
 The Carbon War: Global Warming and the End of the Oil Era is a book by former oil geologist Jeremy Leggett about global warming.
 The Fuller Memorandum is the third novel by Charles Stross in his Laundry series of Lovecraftian spy thrillers. The previous novels in the series were The Atrocity Archives (2004) and The Jennifer Morgue (2006).
 Interviú (a Spanish Anglicism for interview) is a Spanish magazine published by Grupo Zeta that is famous for publishing semi-nude and nude photographs of the rich and famous sometimes using paparazzi photoshoots or posed pictorials (in this last case normally women). It also publishes articles on political and economic scandals and features opinion pieces by famous writers.
 The Anti-Chomsky Reader is a 2004 critique of the political and linguistic writings of Noam Chomsky. Several authors contributed to it under the editorship of Peter Collier and David Horowitz.
 Detour for Emmy is a young adult novel by Marilyn Reynolds. It won the South Carolina Young Adult Book Award for 1995-1996. It deals with the impact of an unexpected pregnancy on a teenage girl. Like other novels by the author it is based on the life challenges of her students. It was one of the American Library Association's Best Books for Young Adults for 1993. The explicit nature of the content caused it to be removed from the El Mirage Arizona School District libraries.
 Red Issue is a fanzine aimed at Manchester United supporters. The fanzine has been published monthly during the domestic football season since February 1989. The content of the fanzine is satirical - featuring jokes at the expense of Manchester United's own players in addition to their rival clubs.
 The Savage Nation: Saving America from the Liberal Assault on Our Borders Language and Culture is Michael Savage's 18th book. It was published in 2003 and spent 18 weeks on the NY Times best seller list debuting at #4. It provides conservative social commentary and criticism of liberals Islam and Democrats.
 Uralsky Sledopyt (Russian: Уральский Следопыт Ural Pathfinder) is a Soviet and Russian magazine dedicated to tourism but also covering various themes like local history and science fiction. It is printed in Yekaterinburg (formerly Sverdlovsk) Russia located on the eastern side of the Ural mountain range hence the name of the magazine.In 1981 the magazine established the Aelita Prize for science fiction.
 Chocotan! (チョコタン ！) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kozue Takeuchi. An anime adaptation has been announced.
 The Queen of Attolia is a young adult fantasy novel by Megan Whalen Turner first published by HarperCollins in 2001.The Queen of Attolia is the sequel to The Thief and is the second of Turner's four books about Eugenides the Thief of Eddis.
 Good In Bed is the debut novel of Jennifer Weiner. It tells the story of an overweight Jewish female journalist her love and work life and her emotional abuse issues with her father. The novel was a New York Times Best Seller.
 Kiss in the Midnight (真夜中にKiss Mayonaka ni Kiss) is the latest manga by Aki Mochida and it started its serialization is April 2007 in the shōjo magazine Ribon. Mochida's sister is Yoko Maki who is well known for Aishiteruze Baby which ran in the same magazine.
 Naniwa Kin'yudo (ナニワ金融道 lit. The Way of Osaka Financing) is a Japanese manga series by Yūji Aoki which has been serialized in Weekly Morning since 1990. The series was awarded the 1992 Kodansha Manga Award for general manga and the 1998 Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize Award for Excellence.The protagonist is Tatsuyuki Haibara a young salaryman Tokyo-born but living in Osaka.
 The Dreaming Jewels also known as The Synthetic Man is the first novel of science fiction author Theodore Sturgeon.
 Alan Mendelsohn the Boy from Mars is a novel by Daniel Pinkwater published in 1979.
 Nanatsuiro Drops (ななついろ★ドロップス Nanatsuiro★Doroppusu lit. Seven-Colored Drops) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by UNiSONSHIFT and released on April 21 2006 for Windows PCs. The game was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo DS. A light novel written by Tamaki Ichikawa and illustrated by Noizi Ito was published by Enterbrain in June 2006. Two manga adaptations were published by MediaWorks and later ASCII Media Works.
 Hylli i Dritës (English: The Star of Light) is an Albanian periodical first published in 1913 by Gjergj Fishta one of the most notable writers and poets of Albanian literature. It is regarded as one of the most important Albanian magazines of the early 20th century.
 The Vineyard Gazette is the only paid circulation newspaper on the island of Martha's Vineyard. Founded in 1846 it also circulates in many other states and countries to seasonal residents of the resort island. Since 1984 it has competed and has an often heated rivalry with a free tabloid the Martha's Vineyard Times.The Gazette was founded by editor Edgar Marchant and first published on Thursday May 14 1846.
 Black Projects White Knights is a collection of short stories written by Kage Baker and published by small-press science fiction publisher Golden Gryphon Press assembling various short stories set in the universe of The Company series which comprises the bulk of her published fiction. Almost all of the stories contained within this volume have been published previously in the pages of Asimov's Science Fiction with the remainder being previously unpublished.
 Macedonia is a biographical comic book published in June 2007 by Random House. The book was written by Harvey Pekar and Heather Roberson with illustrations by Ed Piskor. It is based on Roberson's travels through the Republic of Macedonia.
 The Man Who Could Be Santa is a Christmas book for children written by Emmy Award winning journalist Joanna Wolper. The book is published by Royal Fireworks Press the world’s largest publisher of books for gifted and talented students.
 Arrow to the Sun is a 1973 short film and a 1974 book both by Gerald McDermott. The book was printed in gouache and ink and won the 1975 Caldecott Medal for illustration. Both media are a retelling of a Pueblo tale in which a mysterious boy seeks his father.
 The Adventures of Unemployed Man is a 2010 parody comic book created by Erich Origen and Gan Golan. The book was published on October 18 2010 through Little Brown & Company.Origen and Golan stated that they came up with the idea of using the comic book as a medium as a dose of emergency comic relief and because they saw the idea of ordinary people dealing with large issues such as unemployment as not that far from the idea of superheroes battling large villains.
 Augustinian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study of Augustine of Hippo. Its primary focus is the study of Augustine himself as viewed from various theological philosophical and historical perspectives. Articles concerned more broadly with the study of Augustine such as studies of other persons groups or issues in Augustine's time may also be included. The journal also publishes the annual Saint Augustine Lecture given each Fall at Villanova University.
 Village Wooing is a play by George Bernard Shaw written in 1933 and first performed in 1934.It has only two characters described as a comedietta for two voices. The first scene takes place aboard a liner the second in a village shop.There was an ITV version in 1979 starring Judi Dench and Richard Briers.
 The Streets of Ankh-Morpork is an atlas of the fictional city of Ankh-Morpork in Discworld a fantasy series by English author Terry Pratchett. The final artwork-grade map was drawn by Stephen Player who also drew the artwork for a later publication The Discworld Mapp.
 Golden Words is a weekly humour publication produced by students at Queen's University in Kingston Ontario. Currently it is self-styled as the only humour weekly in Canada.The paper was originally founded by the Engineering Society in 1967 to give the Engineering Society a voice on campus. Its very first cartoon contained an Engineer reading a copy of the Queen's Journal thinking to himself Oh what crap is this?.
 Sorry is a 2007 novel by Australian author Gail Jones.
 The Missing Gospels: Unearthing the Truth Behind Alternative Christianities is a book by Darrell L. Bock Research Professor of New Testament Studies at Dallas Theological Seminary. The book is concerned with later alternative gospels and 'Christianities' associated with the Nag Hammadi discoveries of 1945.
 Family of Secrets is a book by Russ Baker. Published by Bloomsbury Press in 2008 the book documents the longtime association of the Bush family with the Central Intelligence Agency.
 24 Hours and 24 Heures (sometimes abbreviated as 24H) is a chain of free daily newspapers published in Canada by Sun Media a subsidiary of Quebecor Media. Two English editions are published in Toronto and Vancouver and a French edition is published in Montreal. The Ottawa Calgary and Edmonton editions ceased publication in 2013.
 The Chosen (1999) is a fantasy novel by Ricardo Pinto and also his first novel. It is the first part of the series The Stone Dance of the Chameleon. A 2000 Locus poll ranked it 14th in the Best First Novel category.[1]Pinto has reported that he first wrote a 600 page draft of the series during the summer holiday while at university in the early 1980s.
 Paprika (パプリカ Papurika) is a 1993 novel written by Yasutaka Tsutsui. It first appeared in Marie Claire magazine in four parts each appearing chronologically in the January 1991 March 1992 August 1992 and June 1993 issues. A manga adaption of the novel was created by Reiji Hagiwara in 1995 but was not published until 2003. The novel was adapted as an animated film in 2006 which was itself adapted into a second manga the following year by Eri Sakai.
 La Toya: Growing up in the Jackson Family is an autobiography written by American singer La Toya Jackson and co-authored by celebrity biography author Patricia Romanowski.
 Ministry: International Journal for Pastors is an international monthly magazine for Christian ministers with a circulation of approximately 78000. It is published by the Ministerial Association (website) an official body of the worldwide Adventist church. It is aimed at pastors and ministers of the Seventh-day Adventist Church and also those of other denominations.
 Sukeban Deka (スケバン刑事 translated Delinquent Girl Detective) is a Japanese detective action shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Shinji Wada and serialized on Hana to Yume. Sukeban Deka has been adapted into three live-action television series an original video animation series and three feature films the latest of which was released in 2006 as Yo-Yo Girl Cop.
 Sex Criminals is an ongoing monthly comic book published by Image Comics. It is written by Matt Fraction and illustrated by Chip Zdarsky. The first issue was published on September 25 2013 and it opened to highly positive reviews.Sex Criminals was nominated for two Eisner Awards in 2014 including Best Continuing Series and Best New Series.
 Pentacle is a Neopagan magazine that began publication in February 2002. It was created by Marion Pearce and Jon Randall. It is a quarterly magazine published on the dates of the old festivals of Imbolc Beltaine Lammas and Samhain and has a worldwide distribution of 2500.
 Strange Piece of Paradise: A Return to the American West to Investigate My Attempted Murder—And Solve the Mystery of Myself is a non-fiction book by the American writer Terri Jentz. It was released in 2006.
 The Northern Daily Leader previously published as The Tamworth Daily Observer The Daily Observer and The Tamworth Observer and Northern Advertiser is a daily newspaper produced in the city of Tamworth New South Wales Australia. The paper publishes stories related to the Tamworth New England and North West Slopes regions. It also publishes stories about state and national events. Its online website also publishes many of the stories featured in the newspaper.
 Echoes of the Goddess: Tales of Terror and Wonder From the End of Time is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer a prequel to his novel The Shattered Goddess (1983). The book is illustrated with a cover and frontispiece by Stephen Fabian.
 Chocolates for Breakfast is a 1956 American novel written by Pamela Moore. Originally published in 1956 when Moore was eighteen years old the novel gained notoriety from readers and critics for its frank depiction of teenage sexuality and its discussion of the taboo topics of homosexuality and gender roles.
 Khurzarin (Ossetian: Хурзæрин Dawn) is the main Ossetian language newspapers of South Ossetia. It is printed five times a week and has a circulation of 1700 (down from 13000 in 1975). It received the Order of the Badge of Honour in 1973.Previous names: 1924-1932: Хурзӕрин Dawn 1932-1957: Коммунист Communist 1957-199?: Советон Ирыстон Soviet Ossetia.
 The Enemy is a first person narrative espionage thriller novel by English author Desmond Bagley first published in 1977. In 2001 it was made into a movie starring Roger Moore Luke Perry and Olivia d'Abo.
 The Echo Maker (2006) is a novel by American writer Richard Powers. It won the National Book Award for Fictionand was a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction finalist.
 Call Me Princess (姫ってよんでねっ Hime tte yonde ne!) is a one volume shōjo manga by Tomoko Taniguchi (たにぐち智子).The story revolves around a teenage girl called Mako who dreams of being called a Princess by her Prince Charming. She idolizes her brother-in-law and wants a husband just like him to call her Princess as he calls her sister. Things get complicated when her brother-in-law's brother Ryu moves in with Mako's family in order to finish his last year at high school.
 The European Legacy is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of European intellectual and cultural history. It was established in 1996 and is published seven times per year by Taylor & Francis. The editors-in-chief are Ezra Talmor David W. Lovell and Edna Rosenthal.
 El Siglo is a newspaper edited in the city of San Miguel de Tucumán Tucumán Province Argentina. It was founded on December 4 1990 as Siglo XXI but following its sale in 1998 the name was changed to its current form. The daily ranks third in the city of Tucumán by circulation behind La Gaceta and El Tribuno de Tucumán.
 Beast is a 1991 novel by Peter Benchley the author of Jaws. Similar in format to Jaws the antagonist of the novel is instead of a great white shark a titanic giant squid.
 The New York Review of Books (or NYREV or NYRB) is a semi-monthly magazine with articles on literature culture and current affairs. Published in New York City it is inspired by the idea that the discussion of important books is an indispensable literary activity.
 The Daily Mountain Eagle is a daily newspaper servicing the Jasper Alabama area. The paper is owned by Cleveland Newspapers Incorporated and operated locally. One of the only corporation papers that provides information to the locals in the immediate area alongside the The Birmingham News.
 Acta Archaeologica is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering new discoveries of archaeological analysis. The journal is published in English French German and Italian and is published by Denmark.
 The Wish Giver: Three Tales of Coven Tree is a 1983 book by Bill Brittain. The wish giver in the title refers to the enigmatic man who gives three children a wish to make their deepest dreams come true. However in typical Faust fashion the wishes are not worded carefully and go horribly wrong.The Wish Giver was the recipient of a Newbery Honor citation in 1984.[citation needed]
 The Abbess: A Romance is a gothic novel by William Henry Ireland first published in 1799. The eponymous central character Mother Vittoria Bracciano is a female equivalent of 'Monk Lewis's Ambrosio motivated by dark and powerful forces. The novel is supernatural in character haunted by the spirit of Sister Marietta and is generally seen as one of the most voluptuous and salacious gothic novels in terms of its graphic scenes of sex Roman Catholic religious fervour and torture.
 The Color of Crime: Racial Hoaxes White Fear Black Protectionism Police Harassment and Other Macroaggressions is a 1998 book by American academic Katheryn Russell-Brown (Katheryn K. Russell at the time of the book's publication) published by New York University Press (NYUP) with a second edition in 2008.
 The Dark Volume is a novel in the Steampunk genre by GW Dahlquist. It is his second novel after 2006's The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters.
 The Witches is a children's book by British author Roald Dahl first published in London in 1983 by Jonathan Cape. The book like many of Dahl's works is illustrated by Quentin Blake.
 Mamoru-kun ni Megami no Shukufuku wo! (護くんに女神の祝福を! lit. To Mamoru-kun the blessings of the goddess!) also known as Venus to Mamoru is a Japanese light novel series written by Hiroki Iwata and illustrated by Toshiyuki Satō following Mamoru Yoshimura and his far-from-normal high school life with girlfriend Ayako Takasu who possess magical powers called Beatrice. The series was first published on September 25 2003 by MediaWorks.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #8 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the eighth volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Del Rey Books in July 1979 and in hardcover by the same publisher in conjunction with the Science Fiction Book Club in August 1979.
 Uhura's Song is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Janet Kagan and published in 1985. Kagan was asked to produce an outline by editor David G. Hartwell after he read the manuscript of her novel Hellspark. She was unfamiliar with Star Trek and needed to research the series whilst writing the Uhura's Song. She subsequently wrote two sequels but they went unpublished as they featured original characters introduced in Uhura's Song.
 The Abominable Man (Den vedervärdige mannen från Säffle) is a Swedish crime novel by Maj Sjöwall and Per Wahlöö from 1971 in the series revolving around police detective Martin Beck. One of Donald Knuth's favourite novels one of Sjöwall and Wahlöö's brilliantly Swedish detective novels.
 The Honey Moon is a play by John Tobin (dramatist).
 Sharp is a Canadian men's lifestyle magazine published by Contempo Media Inc. a Canadian media publishing and content company. Sharp was launched in 2008 and is published eight times per year. Six regular issues and two Sharp: The Book for Men special editions targeting premium and luxury consumers.Sharp's content includes fashion travel electronics automobiles food alcohol advice and essays of international scope but Canadian perspective.
 Espumas Flutuantes (English: Floating Foam) is a 1870 poetry book by Brazilian Romantic poet Castro Alves. It would be the only work Alves would publish during his lifetime because of his premature death from tuberculosis one year later. It is one of his most famous poetry books; the other one is Os Escravos published in 1883.
 Halt's Peril is the ninth book in the international bestselling Ranger's Apprentice series by John Flanagan
 Signs: Journal of Women in Culture and Society is a peer reviewed feminist academic journal. It was established in 1975 by Catharine R. Stimpson and is published quarterly by the University of Chicago Press.
 Captain Underpants and the Attack of the Talking Toilets is an American children's book (taking the form of a novel) by Dav Pilkey and the second book in the Captain Underpants book series.
 Lords of Finance: The Bankers Who Broke the World is a 2009 nonfiction book about events leading up to and culminating in the Great Depression as told through the personal histories of the heads of the Central Banks of the world's four major economies at the time: Benjamin Strong Jr. of the New York Federal Reserve Montagu Norman of the Bank of England Émile Moreau of the Banque de France and Hjalmar Schacht of the Reichsbank.
 Divine Madness is the fifth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. In this novel CHERUB agents James Lauren and Dana go to Australia to investigate a cult called the Survivors.
 Economic Theory is a peer-reviewed academic journal that focuses on theoretical economics particularly social choice general equilibrium theory and game theory. Mathematically rigorous articles are also published in the fields of experimental economics public economics international economics development economics and industrial organisation.The journal is the official journal of the Society for the Advancement of Economic Theory.
 The Economic and Philosophic Science Review (EPSR) is a British socialist newspaper founded by Royston Bull formerly a leading member of the Workers Revolutionary Party and industrial correspondent for The Scotsman newspaper.Bull split from the WRP in 1979 and with a number of supporters to form the Workers Party. The group upon formally repudiating Trotskyism renamed themselves the International Leninist Workers Party and later the Economic and Philosophic Science Review.
 Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse (also The Floyd Gottfredson Library) is a series of books collecting the first 25 years of the 45-year span of work by Floyd Gottfredson on the daily Mickey Mouse comic strip. The strips are reproduced from Disney proof sheets and artwork from private collections.[citation needed]
 In Lovecraft's Shadow: The Cthulhu Mythos Stories of August Derleth is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1998 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 2051 copies.The stories are part of the Cthulhu Mythos and several had appeared previously in the Arkham House collections: The Mask of Cthulhu (1958) The Trail of Cthulhu (1962) and Colonel Markesan and Less Pleasant People (with Mark Schorer 1966).
 Country Living is an American lifestyle and decorating magazine published by the Hearst Corporation since 1978. The monthly magazine focuses on cooking decorating gardening and collecting antiques. In 2014 the magazine relocated its production offices from New York City to Birmingham Alabama. The current editor-in-chief is Rachel Hardage Barrett.
 Not to be confused with the newspaper founded in 1935 Azul y Blanco (1935)Azul y Blanco (Spanish for 'Blue and White') was a semi-daily newspaper published from San Pedro Sula Honduras. Politically it had a Nationalist orientation.Azul y Blanco was directed by Professor Manuel de J. Bueso. Marco A. Rápalo served as the Chief Editor and administrator of the newspaper. It was edited at Tipografía La Marina owned by Ramón Discua.
 El Señor Del Cero (English: The Zero Man) is a 1997 children's novel by María Isabel Molina. The book was first published through Alfaguara and follows the character of José a talented young Mozarab that has to flee his home. The book won a CCEI Award in 1997.
 Songs of the Bards of the Tyne is a chapbook style songbook giving the lyrics of local now historical songs with a few bits of other information. It was edited by J. P. Robson and published by P. France & Co. in 1850.
 A Drifting Life (劇画漂流 Gekiga Hyōryū) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Tatsumi. It was released in Japan as two bound volumes on November 20 2008. It is licensed in North America by Drawn and Quarterly and was released as a wide-ban volume in April 2009. The work has been adapted into an animated feature film Tatsumi directed by Eric Khoo and released in 2011.
 Sound Bites: Eating on Tour with Franz Ferdinand is a book written by Alex Kapranos from the band Franz Ferdinand. It was published on 2 November 2006.In September 2005 whilst touring the world with Franz Ferdinand Alex Kapranos had begun writing about what he ate in the various countries he had visited. The book concentrates heavily on where he eats and the people he eats with and the unusual flavours he tastes on the road.
 Cover Up: Mystery at the Super Bowl (2007) is a mystery novel written by sportswriter John Feinstein. It is the third book in a series along with Last Shot and Vanishing Act.
 The Indian Journal of Medical Microbiology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Association of Medical Microbiology. The journal publishes articles on medical microbiology including bacteriology virology phycology mycology parasitology and protozoology.
 The Choice (2008) is a philosophy book where the author Eliyahu M. Goldratt explains his way of thinking about reality and the consequences of thinking clearly.The book is structured as a dialogue between the author and his daughter Efrat where he attempts to explain clearly the way he thinks and the obstacles that prevent people from thinking in the same fashion.
 Eats Shoots & Leaves: The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation is a non-fiction book written by Lynne Truss the former host of BBC Radio 4's Cutting a Dash programme. In the book published in 2003 Truss bemoans the state of punctuation in the United Kingdom and the United States and describes how rules are being relaxed in today's society.
 The Last Chicken in America: A Novel in Stories is a work of fiction by Ellen Litman set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the 1990s. The novel tells the story of Masha just out of high school when her family arrives from Russia in Pittsburgh's Jewish neighborhood Squirrel Hill.
 Maps and Legends is an essay collection by American author Michael Chabon that was scheduled for official release on May 1 2008 although some copies shipped two weeks early from various online bookstores. The book is Chabon's first book-length foray into nonfiction with 16 essays some previously published.
 Historical Materialism is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Brill Publishers of historical materialism the study of society economics and history using a Marxist approach. The journal started as a project at the London School of Economics from 1995 to 1998.
 The Silver Sword is a novel by Ian Serraillier a children's classic first published in the UK in 1956 by Jonathan Cape and then by Puffin Books in 1960. It had also been published in the U.S. under the title Escape From Warsaw. The story is based upon fact although fictional names are given to a few of the places mentioned. The account of the Red Army on the march derived from eye-witness accounts in Jan Stransky's East Wind over Prague.
 Mystery Comics Digest was one of three digest size comics published by Gold Key Comics in the early 1970s. The other two were Golden Comics Digest and Walt Disney Comics Digest.Mystery Comics Digest was published for 26 issues from 1972 to 1975. All reprinted stories from three of Gold Key's mystery/suspense/fantasy/science fiction anthologies: Ripley's Believe It or Not! Boris Karloff's Tales of Mystery and Twilight Zone in a three-issue rotation.
 Disgrace is a novel by J. M. Coetzee published in 1999. It won the Booker Prize. The writer was also awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature four years after its publication.
 Mutineers' Moon is a 1991 science fiction novel written by American writer David Weber. It is the first book in his Dahak trilogy and is available in the Baen Free Library.It was later republished in the Empire From The Ashes compendium.
 Ghetto (Hebrew: גטו‎) is a play by Israeli playwright Joshua Sobol about the experiences of the Jews of the Vilna Ghetto during Nazi occupation in World War II. The play focuses on the Jewish theatre in the ghetto incorporating live music and including as characters historical figures such as Jacob Gens the chief of the Jewish Police and later Head of the ghetto. It is part of a triptych of plays about the resistance movement which also includes Adam and Underground.
 Aztec is a historical fiction novel by Gary Jennings.
 The Three Musketeers (French: Les Trois Mousquetaires [le tʁwa muskətɛʁ]) is a novel by Alexandre Dumas first serialized in March–July 1844. Set in the 17th century it recounts the adventures of a young man named d'Artagnan after he leaves home to travel to Paris to join the Musketeers of the Guard.
 Nationalities Papers is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge for the Association for the Study of Nationalities. It publishes articles on nationalism minorities and ethnic conflict with a regional focus on Central and Eastern Europe the Balkans the former Soviet Union Turkey and Central Asia. The journal is interdisciplinary with authors from a variety of backgrounds including history political science sociology anthropology and literature.
 Novum Testamentum is an academic journal covering various aspects of the New Testament.
 Passengers is a science fiction short story by Robert Silverberg. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story 1970 and won the Nebula Award for Best Short Story in 1969.
 Hobo is an art and culture magazine based in New York City and Paris and founded in Vancouver in 2002.Through collections of interviews photo essays and commentaries Hobo incites a romantic conception of a bohemian and nonconformist spirit and is as a matter of course also ultimately a portrait of the personal interests sentiments lives and aesthetics of its founders and editors.It is mostly known for in-depth interviews of well-known actors and artists and is often associated with the west and a reportage style of photography that expresses the beauty of natural rural landscapes.
 The Hays Daily News is a newspaper that serves western Kansas. The Daily News is published every day except Saturday. In 2011 the paper reported a circulation of 9644 subscribers.
 Birds of Australia: A Summary of Information is a compact handbook on Australian birds published in 1973. It was authored by the originally British ornithologist James David Macdonald who moved permanently to Australia in 1968 following his retirement from a long career with the British Natural History Museum one of the final responsibilities of which was the organisation of the Harold Hall Australian bird collecting expeditions during the 1960s.
 Quality Street is a comedy in four acts by J. M. Barrie written before his more famous work Peter Pan. The story is about two sisters who start a school for genteel children.The original Broadway production opened in 1901 and ran for only 64 performances. The show was then produced in London where it was a hit running for 459 performances. It was frequently revived until World War II.
 Justine is the debut novel of Scottish author Alice Thompson. Published in 1996 by Canongate Books is was the joint winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize that year.
 Five Centuries of Spanish Literature: From the Cid through the Golden Age is a popular textbook providing a selection of Spanish literature from the 12th through 17th centuries. First published in 1962 it is still in use today.The book is currently published by Waveland Press Inc.
 Rogue Leaders: The Story of LucasArts is a book about the history of the video game developer and publisher LucasArts by PlayStation: The Official Magazine's Editor-in-Chief Rob Smith with a foreword by George Lucas.
 Morita-san wa Mukuchi (森田さんは無口 lit. Morita-san is Taciturn) is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga written and illustrated by Tae Sano. The manga was originally published in the March 2007 issue of Takeshobo's Manga Life magazine and later moved to Takeshobo's Manga Life Momo and Manga Club magazines. The first tankōbon volume was released in January 2009; as of January 2012 five volumes have been published.
 National Lampoon Presents French Comics (The Kind Men Like) is an American humor book first published in 1977 in hardcover. It was a spin-off of National Lampoon magazine. The book is a collection of translated comics by French comic book artists and cartoonists of the 1970s including Gérard Lauzier Moebius (Jean Giraud) Guido Buzzelli Nikita Mandryka Sole Lozo Jean-Claude Forest Alexis and Gotlib. The words were translated by Sophie Balcoff Valerie Marchant and Sean Kelly.
 The Pentecost Star is a ni-Vanuatu weekly newspaper issued on Pentecost Island. It was founded in August 2007 by Keithly Hango.The Star has the particularity of having started out as the only newspaper that’s written by hand. Its founder was a 37 year-old former Trading Post newspaper boy who stated that his aim was to disseminate interesting factual information to the people of Pentecost.
 Culture Warrior is a book by Fox News Channel political commentator Bill O'Reilly published in the fall of 2006. O'Reilly asserts that the United States is in the midst of a culture war between traditionalists and secular-progressives.
 Fast Forward Weekly (FFWD) is a news and entertainment weekly which provides news alternative viewpoints entertainment information review articles and specialized advertising. It is distributed throughout Calgary Banff and Canmore. It is owned by Great West Newspapers LP.
 November 1918: A German Revolution (German: November 1918 eine deutsche Revolution) is a tetralogy of novels by German writer Alfred Döblin about the German Revolution of 1918–1919. The four volumes—Vol. I: Bürger und Soldaten (Citizens and Soldiers) Vol. II Verratenes Volk (A People Betrayed) Vol. III Heimkehr der Fronttruppen (Return of the Frontline Troops) and Vol. IV Karl und Rosa (Karl and Rosa)—together comprise the most significant work from Döblin's period of exile (1933–1945).
 A Pelican at Blandings is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 25 September 1969 by Barrie & Jenkins London and in the United States on 11 February 1970 by Simon & Schuster Inc. New York under the title No Nudes Is Good Nudes.It is the tenth full-length novel in the Blandings Castle saga and the last one fully completed by Wodehouse. The title refers to Galahad Threepwood a survivor of the Pelican Club.
 The Cement Garden is a 1978 novel by Ian McEwan. It was adapted into a 1993 film of the same name by Andrew Birkin starring Charlotte Gainsbourg and Andrew Robertson.
 The Groves of Academe (1951) is a novel by American writer Mary McCarthy. Considered to be one of the first academic novels it concerns the sequence of events that take place after Henry Mulcahy a literary instructor at the fictive Jocelyn College learns that his teaching appointment will not be renewed. The novel is intended as a satire of academics based on the author's teaching experiences at Bard and Sarah Lawrence Colleges.
 The Unknown Terrorist is the 2006 fourth novel by the Australian novelist Richard Flanagan.It was described by the New York Times' Michiko Kakatani as an armature for a brilliant meditation upon the post-9/11 world.
 The Bulletin of Materials Science is a bimonthly peer-viewed scientific journal that publishes original research articles review articles and rapid communications in all areas of materials science. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences in collaboration with the Materials Research Society of India and the Indian National Science Academy. The editor-in-chief is A. K. Shukla (Indian Institute of Science).
 The Birthday of the World: and Other Stories is a collection of short fiction by Ursula K. Le Guin and first published in March 2002 by HarperCollins. All of the stories except Paradises Lost were previously published individually elsewhere.The collection was also published in London by Gollancz an imprint of the Orion Group in 2003 with ISBN 0-575-07479-5. A softcover edition was published by Perennial in 2003 with ISBN 0-06-050906-6.
 Linear Algebra and its Applications is a biweekly peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Elsevier and covering matrix theory and finite-dimensional linear algebra.
 Might as Well Be Dead is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1956. The story was also collected in the omnibus volume Three Aces (Viking 1971).
 Planes of Conflict is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 The Windy Hill is a children's novel by Cornelia Meigs. A brother and sister learn about their own family's history in New England through a series of tales told by the Beeman. The novel illustrated by Berta and Elmer Hader was first published in 1921 and was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1922.A public domain online edition of The Windy Hill a 1922 Newbery Honor Book is available at A Celebration of Women Writers.
 New York: a Novel is an historical novel by British novelist Edward Rutherfurd published in 2009 (for the U.S. edition published by Doubleday the title is New York: The Novel).
 Tip and Trade is a 2011 book by Canadian author Mark Coakley that depicts an insider trading conspiracy involving Wall Street lawyer Gil Corblum and another lawyer Stan Grmovsek who were found to have gained over $10 million in illegal profits over a 14-year span. The crime was detected in 2008. Corblum committed suicide before criminal charges were laid. Grmovsek pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 39 months in prison. This was the longest term ever imposed for insider trading in Canada.
 A Christmas Tree and a Wedding (Russian: Ёлка и свадьба Yolka i svad'ba) is a short story written by Fyodor Dostoyevsky in 1848. The piece is narrated by an awkward outcast attending a Christmas party. The man although invited knows only the host and talks to no one. He observes the party's guest of honour and takes special interest in one of the children.
 This is the page related to the Italian video game magazine. PlayStation Magazine is also the former name of PlayStation: The Official MagazinePlayStation Magazine also known by the acronym PSM is an Italian video game magazine specializing in all Sony video game consoles and handheld gaming platforms. The magazine features previews reviews and cheat codes for Sony games.
 A Doctor's Report on Dianetics: Theory and Therapy is a non-fiction book analyzing Dianetics. The book was authored by Joseph Augustus Winter M.D. with an introduction by Frederick Perls M.D. Ph.D.The book was first published in hardcover by Julian Messner in 1951 and published again in 1987 by Crown Publishing Group. The work was the first book published that was critical of L. Ron Hubbard.
 The Butterflies is an American play. It was featured on Broadway in 1894 and starred Maude Adams.
 How to Work a Room: A Guide to Successfully Managing the Mingling (1988) is a self-help book by Susan RoAne. It is a guidebook on how to socialize at parties and other events oriented towards the business community. The 25th Anniversary edition How To Work a Room: The Ultimate Guide to Making Lasting Connections In Person and Online was published in 2013 by William Morrow Paperbacks.
 Diabetes Health magazine published by King's Publishing in California United States is one of the US's biggest magazines focusing on diabetes and the complications that are the every day concern of people with this disease and also their families and friends.
 The Leather Patch is an 1886 comedic play by Edward Harrigan with songs by David Braham. It debuted at Harrigan's Park Theatre in New York City on February 15 1886 and ran though May.
 La Nazione is one of the oldest regional newspapers in Italy. It was founded by Leopold Cempini Carlo Fenzi and Piero Puccioni in 1859 and later merged with Cavour's famous political newspaper Il Risorgimento. Based in Florence Italy it is published in numerous local editions for the regions of Tuscany Umbria and for the Province of La Spezia in Liguria.
 Uptown is an alternative weekly arts and entertainment newspaper in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. Like most alternative weekly newspapers in Canada Uptown includes articles regarding the arts and entertainment CD reviews concert reviews book reviews and extensive current events listings.
 Double Trouble (トラブル・ダブルフェイス Trouble Double Face) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Takashi Kanzaki. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on January 29 2009.
 Irish Music is a monthly music magazine covering folk and traditional Irish music.
 Grow Up is a book by author Ben Brooks.
 Salt Water Sportsman is a magazine about recreational marine fishing in the United States and throughout the world. Originally published in Boston Massachusetts in 1939 Salt Water Sportsman expanded from its roots covering New England waters to address saltwater fishing issues throughout the world.Topics covered in Salt Water Sportsman include fishing techniques knots rods and reels fishing line lures rigs boats and marine and outboard motors.
 Akuma na Eros (悪魔なエロス lit. The Evil Eros) also known as Virgin Crisis is a shōjo manga series by Mayu Shinjo. It was serialized in 17 chapters by Shogakukan in the biweekly manga magazine Shōjo Comic in 2001 and collected in four bound volumes. It depicts the romance between a high-school girl Miu and Satan.
 Mel Bay's Deluxe Encyclopedia of Guitar Chords also known as the Encyclopedia of Guitar Chords or Deluxe Guitar Chord Encyclopedia is a best-selling encyclopedia of guitar chords first published by Mel Bay in 1971. It is a staple in the study and teaching of guitar.The encyclopedia contains 324 different chord types; 27 in each of the 12 keys with thousands of shapes and inversions.
 The Body Artist is a novella written in 2001 by Don DeLillo. It explores the highly abnormal grieving process of a young performance artist Lauren Hartke following the suicide of her significantly older husband. The novella is sometimes described as a ghost story due to the appearance of an enigmatic figure that Lauren discovers hiding in an upstairs room of the house following her husband's death.
 Of Pandas and People: The Central Question of Biological Origins is a controversial 1989 (2nd edition 1993) school-level textbook written by Percival Davis and Dean H. Kenyon and published by the Texas-based Foundation for Thought and Ethics (FTE). Its authors espouse the pseudoscientific concept of intelligent design—namely that life shows evidence of being designed by an intelligent agent (specifically the Christian God).
 The Evolution of Naval Weapons is a government textbook by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in a 53 page edition by the Training Activity section of the Bureau of Naval Personnel in August 1947 as NAVPERS 91066. A 1949 edition of 67 pages was designated NAVPERS 91066-A. The work was credited to the Bureau rather than de Camp. The 1947 edition was reproduced from a mixture of standard sized (8 1/2 x 11) typed and mimeographed sheets and was stapled between blue paper covers.
 Dossier Journal is an independently published and owned bi-annual arts and culture journal. Content draws upon a wide range of subjects including fashion features art and photography portfolios ﬁction poetry critical essays interviews recipes crossword puzzles articles on ﬁlm architecture music and culinary pursuits.Dossierjournal.com is an extension of the print magazine providing a forum for both established and emerging artists to exhibit their work online.
 Air Cuan Dubh Drilseach is a science fiction novel written in Scottish Gaelic by Tim Armstrong and published by CLÀR in 2013. Air Cuan Dubh Drilseach is the first hard science-fiction novel in Gaelic written for adults. The story combines elements of space opera dark cyberpunk romance and rock-band road-trip adventure. The central conceit of the novel is that in space everyone speaks Gaelic allowing the author to create an entirely Gaelic-speaking world for the characters.
 Jarhead is a Gulf War memoir by author Anthony Swofford. After leaving military service the author went on to college and earned a Masters Degree in Fine Arts at the University of Iowa.
 The Voodoo Macbeth is a common nickname for the Federal Theatre Project's 1936 New York production of William Shakespeare's Macbeth featuring an all-African American cast directed by Orson Welles. The production relocated the setting of the play from Scotland to a fictional Caribbean island based on Haiti and acquired its nickname due to its use of voodoo imagery in place of the witchcraft in the original play.
 More New Arabian Nights: The Dynamiter (1885) is a collection of linked short stories by Robert Louis Stevenson and Fanny Vandegrift.
 Anna Svärd is an 1928 novel by the Swedish writer Selma Lagerlöf. It is the last installment in Lagerlöf's Ring trilogy; it was preceded by The Löwensköld Ring and Charlotte Löwensköld.
 The Southern Daily Echo is a regional tabloid newspaper based in Southampton covering the county of Hampshire in the United Kingdom.Commonly known as the Daily Echo or simply The Echo the newspaper is owned by Newsquest one of the largest publishers of local newspapers in the country which is in turn owned by Gannett.The paper was first published in August 1888. It is published from Monday to Saturday.
 Chalice is a novel by English fantasy author Robin McKinley. It was published in 2008 (New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons).
 The Civil and Military Gazette was a daily English language newspaper founded in 1872 in British India. It was published from Lahore Simla and Karachi some times simultaneously until its closure in 1963.
 Disgraced is a 2012 play by novelist and screenwriter Ayad Akhtar. It premiered in Chicago and has had Off-Broadway and Off West End engagements. The play which won the 2013 Pulitzer Prize for Drama is being considered for a Broadway theatre run. Disgraced has also been recognized with a 2012 Joseph Jefferson Award for New Work – Play or Musical and a 2013 Obie Award for Playwriting.
 Pulse Weekly (sometimes written as Pulseweekly) was a weekly music and alternative entertainment magazine and website based in the Lehigh Valley area of eastern Pennsylvania. Pulse Weekly focused on local entertainment in the Lehigh Valley including musical acts venues nightclubs and businesses. The Lehigh Valley-based publication also issued annual local entertainment awards and hosted an annual party featuring Lehigh Valley models.
 The Prince’s Dream is a fable written by Jean Ingelow as part of The Wonderbox Tales collection. The story is a tale of a prince living in seclusion within a far-off tower filled with many luxuries in Southern Asia (India). The story focuses on his encounter with an old man who comes to the prince in a dream and offers a view of what the ‘outside world’ is truly about.
 Basodee: An Anthology Dedicated to Black Youth (2012) edited by Fiona Raye Clarke is a youth-created and youth-centred anthology created by a Black writing collective in honour of Black History Month and authentic diversity in Canada. It highlights the Black Canadian experience and to promote awareness about the complexities of contemporary Black youth experience in Ontario.
 La Brière (translated as Passion and Peat) is a 1923 novel by Alphonse de Chateaubriant that won the Grand prix du roman de l'Académie française for that year. The novel is set in the rustic fenland landscape west of Nantes known as Brière in which the traditional occupation of peat-cutting is becoming increasingly unsustainable as the peat runs out. The independence of the local population is threatened by outsiders who have plans for modernisation.
 Children of Magic Moon (original title: Märchenmonds Kinder) is a young adult fantasy novel written by German authors Wolfgang and Heike Hohlbein in 1990. It is a sequel to 1982's Magic Moon and the second of four books in the series. It was released in the United States in October 2007.
 The Easter Parade is an English-language novel by American writer Richard Yates. First published in 1976 Yates' fifth book concerns the tragic lives of two sisters. Some consider the book along with Revolutionary Road to be Yates' finest work.
 Digital Times is an online newspaper published in Riga Latvia.The Editor in Chief is Degi Karaev. They are sponsors of Anna-Maria Art studio.
 The Toronto Mail was a newspaper in Toronto Ontario which through corporate mergers became first The Mail and Empire and then The Globe and Mail.The Mail was founded in 1872 by T.C. Patterson. It was the city's conservative paper until it declared itself independent of any political party. That prompted Prime Minister John A. Macdonald to found the Toronto Empire in 1887. The Mail eventually merged with the Toronto Empire to form The Mail and Empire in 1895.
 Marmittone is an Italian comic strip series created by Bruno Angoletta.
 Emma is the title of a manuscript by Charlotte Brontë left incomplete when she died in 1855.It was completed by Clare Boylan and published as Emma Brown in 2003.
 The Phnom Penh Post is a daily English-language newspaper published in Phnom Penh Cambodia. Founded in 1992 by publisher Michael Hayes it is Cambodia's oldest English-language newspaper. It is printed in full-color tabloid format. The Phnom Penh Post is also available in Khmer language. It also publishes a special weekend-edition called 7Days.It has a staff of Cambodian and foreign journalists covering national news.
 Carnival of Souls is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Smile You're Traveling (spelled Smile You're Travelling in the second British edition) is the third book in the Black Coffee Blues trilogy by Henry Rollins. It includes portions of his travel journal from 1997–1998 which includes personal encounters of spending time with the band Black Sabbath a vacation to Africa and trips elsewhere as part of his spoken word tours. It has received a 3.91 rating from approximately 67 reviews at Goodreads.com. ISBN 1-880985-69-1↑
 2001 (Diario 2001) is a Venezuelan newspaper. It was established by Bloque De Armas in 1973 launching its first edition on 2 July 1973 under the directorship of Rafael Poleo. Initially launched as a competitor to the evening newspaper El Mundo of rival media group Cadena Capriles its sales did not meet expectations (despite its distinguishing use of colour printing) and it converted to a morning newspaper.
 A Meeting with Medusa is a science fiction novella by Arthur C. Clarke. It was originally published in 1971 and has since been included in several collections of Clarke's writings.
 Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Burned (ジャイアント・ロボ - 地球の燃え尽きる日 Jaianto Robo - Chikyū no Moetsukiru Hi) is a manga scripted by Yasuhiro Imagawa (Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Stood Still Mobile Fighter G Gundam) and illustrated by Yasunari Toda.
 Exit to Eden is a novel by Anne Rice initially published in 1985 under the pen name Anne Rampling but subsequently under Rice's name.The novel explores the subject of BDSM in romance novel form. The novel also brought attention to Rice's published works that differed from the type of writing she was better known for (e.g. Interview with the Vampire) such as her Sleeping Beauty series under yet another pen name.
 Amerasia Journal is an interdisciplinary academic journal covering Asian American studies. It was established in 1971 by editor-in-chief Lowell Chun-Hoon publisher Don Nakanishi and members of the Yale University Asian American Students Association. Chun-Hoon and Nakanishi were both seniors and members of Yale's Class of 1971. The first issue was released in March 1971.
 The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip is short story writer George Saunders’s first children's book.
 The Rundelstone of Oz is a novel by Eloise Jarvis McGraw. It is a volume in the series of fictional works about the Land of Oz by L. Frank Baum and his successors.The Rundelstone of Oz was originally the opening section of McGraw's The Forbidden Fountain of Oz. Extracted from that book the Rundelstone story remained unpublished until it was included in the sixth and final issue of Oz-story Magazine the annual periodical issued by David Maxine and Eric Shanower from 1995 to 2000.
 Patrol is a 1927 war novel by the British writer Philip MacDonald. It is set in Mesopotamia during the First World War focusing on the psychological strain on a patrol of British soldiers when they become lost in the desert and surrounded by the enemy. It sometimes known as Lost Patrol.
 The California Code of Regulations (CCR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules and regulations (sometimes called administrative law) announced in the California Regulatory Notice Register by California state agencies.
 Irish Crystal is the ninth of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
 Grandpa Never Lies is a children's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Harvey Stevenson. It was first published in 2000.
 The Bonesetter's Daughter published in 2001 is Amy Tan's fourth novel. Like much of Tan's work this book deals with the relationship between an American-born Chinese woman and her immigrant mother.The Bonesetter's Daughter is divided into two major stories. The first is about Ruth a Chinese-American woman living in San Francisco. She worries that her elderly mother Lu Ling is gradually becoming more and more demented.
 Max and the Cats is a 1981 novella by Brazilian writer and physician Moacyr Scliar. It was first published in Portuguese then published in English in 1990. It tells the story of Max Schmidt born in Berlin in 1912 who comes of age just before the Nazis take power. After offending them by having an affair with a married woman Max is forced to flee the country.
 The Faery Handbag is a fantasy novelette published in 2004 by Kelly Link. It was the winner of the 2005 Hugo Award for Best Novelette the 2006 Nebula Award for Best Novelette and the 2005 Locus Award.
 Axis is a science fiction novel by author Robert Charles Wilson published in 2007. It is a direct sequel to Wilson's Hugo Award-winning Spin published two years earlier. The novel was a finalist for the 2008 John W. Campbell Award.
 Grendel is a 1971 novel by American author John Gardner. It is in part a retelling of the Anglo-Saxon epic poem Beowulf from the perspective of the antagonist Grendel. In the novel Grendel is portrayed as an antihero. The novel deals with finding meaning in the world the power of literature and myth and the nature of good and evil.In a 1973 interview Gardner said that In Grendel I wanted to go through the main ideas of Western Civilization -- which seemed to me to be about . . .
 Another (アナザー Anazā) is a Japanese mystery horror novel by Yukito Ayatsuji published on October 29 2009 by Kadokawa Shoten.
 Socialist Weekly was an Urdu language newspaper published from Karachi Pakistan. Socialist Weekly was launched in late 1947 as a continuation of the Sindhi Socialist Weekly. Socialist Weekly carried the symbol of the Indian Socialist Party in its masthead. It became the official organ of the Pakistan Socialist Party when the party was constituted in January 1948.
 Forever Evil is a 2013–2014 crossover event published by DC Comics that began in September 2013 consisting of an eponymous central miniseries written by Geoff Johns and art by David Finch. It is the first line wide crossover since The New 52 reboot of their shared fictional universe and focuses on all the villains of the DC Universe. The miniseries spins out of the events in Trinity War.
 Training is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.
 Polity Agent is a 2006 science fiction novel by Neal Asher. It is the fourth novel in the Gridlinked sequence.From 800 years in the future a runcible gate is opened into the Polity. Those coming through it have been tasked with taking the alien 'Maker' back to its home civilization in the Small Magellanic cloud. Once these refugees are safely through the gate itself is rapidly shut down because something alien is pursuing them.
 Deus Irae is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick and Roger Zelazny. It was published in 1976. Deus irae means God of wrath in Latin. The name is a play on Dies Irae meaning Day of Wrath or Judgment Day. This novel is based on Dick's short story The Great C.Dick began the book but realized he didn't know enough about Christianity to finish it. He asked Ted White to collaborate on it with him but after reviewing the manuscript White never got started.
 The Lost World is a techno thriller novel written by Michael Crichton and published in 1995 by Knopf. A paperback edition (ISBN 0-345-40288-X) followed in 1996. It is a sequel to his earlier novel Jurassic Park.Like Arthur Conan Doyle's novel of the same name Crichton's novel concerns an expedition to an isolated Central American location where dinosaurs roam—though in this case the dinosaurs were recreated by genetic engineering rather than surviving from antiquity.
 GEO is a family of educational monthly magazines similar to the National Geographic magazine. It is known for its detailed reports and pictures.The first edition appeared in Germany in 1976. Since then the magazine has been published in Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Estonia Finland France (first international edition) Greece Hungary India (publication ceased in 2013) Italy Japan Korea Lithuania Latvia Romania Russia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Turkey and the United States.
 This House is a play by James Graham. It received its première in the Royal National Theatre's Cottesloe Theatre and ran there from 18 September to 1 December 2012 in a production directed by Jeremy Herrin. In February 2013 it transferred to the larger Olivier Theatre where it continued to play with much critical acclaim to packed houses.It derives its title from the name given to the House of Commons by MPs.
 Eighteenth-Century Studies is an academic journal established in 1966 and the official publication of the American Society for Eighteenth-Century Studies. It focuses on all aspects of 18th century history. It is related to the annual Studies in Eighteenth-Century Culture. The current editor-in-chief is Steven Pincus (Yale University). The journal is published quarterly in October January April and July by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 Spell My Name with an S is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the January 1958 (and only) issue of Star Science Fiction under the title S as in Zebatinsky and was reprinted in the 1959 collection Nine Tomorrows under Asimov's original title. The story was inspired by Asimov's frustration with the frequent misspelling of his name as Azimov.Asimov comments that the last section of the story was put in as an afterthought.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 14 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in November 1988.The book collects thirteen novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors originally published in 1987 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented together with an introduction by the editor.
 Regional Science Policy & Practice is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Regional Science Association International. It was established in 2008 and covers regional science topics from disciplines such as planning economics environmental science geography and public policy.
 The Lost Books of the Odyssey is a 2007 novel by Zachary Mason republished in 2010.Mason who wrote the book while working full-time attempted to publish the book after it won first prize in a 2007 competition sponsored by Starcherone Books an independent publisher in Buffalo New York. The Los Angeles Times reviewed the book but it was ultimately published only after becoming a finalist in the New York Public Library's Young Lions Fiction competition in 2009.
 The g Factor: General Intelligence and Its Implications is a book by Christopher Brand a psychologist and lecturer at the University of Edinburgh. It was published by John Wiley & Sons in the United Kingdom in March 1996.
 The Treasure of El Patron (later retitled Treasure Ship) is the tenth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on March 1 1996 by Random House. It was later retitled Treasure Ship by Macmillan Children's Books in the UK and released on June 11 1999.
 The Revista Latinoamericana de Química is a Mexican scientific journal in chemistry. The first issue was published in 1970 and the journal appeared irregular thereafter.
 Washington: A Life is a 2010 biography of George Washington the first President of the United States written by American historian and biographer Ron Chernow.
 Metro is a free newspaper published in tabloid format in the United Kingdom by DMG Media (part of Daily Mail and General Trust). It is distributed from Monday to Friday (excluding bank holidays) on many public-transport services in selected urban centres across the United Kingdom and at other outlets such as cafes workplaces bus stops etc. Distributors have also been employed to hand out copies to pedestrians.
 Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang is a novel by Joyce Carol Oates about a group of teenage girls in upstate New York in the 1950s who form a gang called Foxfire.
 Skin Trade is the seventeenth book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Wyrms is a six-issue comic book mini-series by Orson Scott Card and Jake Black based on the novel Wyrms by author Orson Scott Card. Publication started in April 2006 by Dabel Brothers Productions and was finished in February 2008 by Marvel Comics.
 The Swarm (German: Der Schwarm) is a science fiction novel by German author Frank Schätzing. It was first published in Germany and Austria in 2004 and soon became a bestseller.
 B.P.R.D.: Garden of Souls is the seventh trade paperback collection in the B.P.R.D. series.
 A Lost Paradise (失楽園 Shitsurakuen) is 1997 novel by Japanese author Junichi Watanabe. It tells the story of a 54-year-old married former magazine editor his affair with a 37-year-old married typesetter and their double-suicide. The couple Kūki and Rinko are modeled after the famous case of Sada Abe.The book became a bestseller throughout Asia selling 3 million copies in Japan. Shitsurakuen became a slang word for having an affair.
 Secrets of the Jedi is a 2005 Star Wars novel by Jude Watson.The novel centers on the forbidden loves of certain Jedi characters. In particular light is Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi's love for fellow female Jedi Siri Tachi. The novel also makes a mention about the love existing between the Jedi Qui Gon Jinn and the Jedi Knight Tahl as well as the love and forbidden marriage between Anakin Skywalker and Senator Padmé Amidala.
 The Głos – Tygodnik Nowohucki is a weekly magazine published in Kraków Poland focused on regional news concerning the largest and most populous city district of Nowa Huta. It features weekly editorials about politics economy culture history of the city and the arts. Głos (The Voice) is published in color by Graf-Press media group in a tabloid format and sold each Wednesday with the local distribution of 18000 copies.
 Detective Moochwala is an eponymous Indian magazine comic strip created by the well-known Indian cartoonist Ajit Ninan. The strip chronicles the adventures of Moochwala a fictional detective and his dog Pooch who solve several crimes armed with high tech equipment and a little chutzpah.
 My Crazy Beautiful Life is a 2012 illustrated autobiography by pop singer Kesha and photographer/filmmaker Steven Greenstreet. Photography was also provided by Jason Sheldon and Lagan Sebert who also helped develop the project with Ke$ha. The book was published by Simon & Schuster on November 20 2012 to coincide with the release of her album Warrior on November 30 2012. The book's title My Crazy Beautiful Life is taken after her song Crazy Beautiful Life from her 2010 EP Cannibal.
 Honor Thyself is a novel written by Danielle Steel and published by Random House in February 2008. The book is Steel's 74th best-selling novel.
 100 Books by August Derleth is a bibliography of books by American author August Derleth. It was released in 1962 by Arkham House in an edition of 1225 copies. Approximately 200 copies were bound in pictorial boards for libraries (the edition in boards was issued without dustwrapper). The book includes two plates one a frontispiece of Derleth in his office the other of Derleth with his children Walden William and April Rose.
 The Story of the Gadsbys is a story by Rudyard Kipling. It was originally published as no. 2 of the Indian Railway Library in 1888. The Story of the Gadsbys is written in dramatic form consisting of eight short scenes (listed below).
 Vek (The Century) was a Russian weekly magazine which was published in Saint Petersburg from January 1861 till May 1862.
 Gypsy Breynton is the heroine of an eponymous series of books written by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps. The books were written in 1866-7 for Sunday schools and so are of an improving nature. Gypsy as the name indicates is an impetuous tomboy who lives a chaotic life lacking a system.
 Orosa-Nakpil Malate is a self-published novel by a student named Louie Mar Gangcuangco in 2006. The story revolves around Dave a young medical student who frequently goes to Malate.
 The Red Necklace is a young adult historical novel by Sally Gardner published in 2007. It is a story of the French Revolution interwoven with gypsy magic. The audiobook is narrated by Tom Hiddleston.
 The Buccaneers of Shadaki was the twenty second book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series.
 Player's Secrets of Baruk-Azhik is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Late Imperial China is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1981. It specializes in research on the Ming and Qing dynasties. The journal includes methodologically novel techniques in the study of political intellectual social and gender history as well as historical demography. Articles include a Chinese glossary. The journal is published biannually by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 Half Broken Things (2003) is a psychological thriller by English author Morag Joss. It won the CWA Silver Dagger in 2003.
 Gokuaku no Hana - Hokuto no Ken Jagi Gaiden (極悪ノ華 北斗の拳 ジャギ外伝 Flower of Carnage: Fist of the North Star Jagi Side-Story) is a manga authored by Sin-ichi Hiromoto that was published in the Weekly Comic Bunch from 2008 throughout 2009 and republished in a two-volume collected edition. It is the fourth spinoff of the Fist of the North Star manga by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara published by Comic Bunch.
 Evangeline is a 1980s comic book co-created and written initially by then-husband and wife team Chuck Dixon & Judith Hunt with pencils by Hunt inks by Ricardo Villagran. Letters were by cartoonist and letterer Ed J. King of the Star Wars comic strip.The art for the first few issues of Evangeline were unusual for the time period in that they were not printed using process color but instead each page was hand-painted by Hunt and then color separated.
 Injury Time is a novel by English author Beryl Bainbridge and first published in 1977 by Duckworth. It won the 1977 Whitbread Book of the Year Award.
 Al Siyassa Al Dawliya (The International Politics Journal in English) is a quarterly magazine published by Al Ahram publishing house in Egypt. The publishing house also owns Al Ahram and Al Ahram Weekly two of significant publications in the country.
 The Forest (Les Лес) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky written in 1870 and first published in the January 1871 issue of Otechestvennye Zapiski magazine. It was premiered in Saint Petersburg’s Alexandrinsky Theatre on November 1 1871 as a benefice for actor Fyodor Burdin. In Moscow's Maly Theatre it was performed on November 26 1871.
 Across the Universe is a young adult novel written by Beth Revis. First published January 2011 it was the first book in a trilogy. The book made the New York Times Bestseller List for Children's Chapter Books and received a starred Kirkus review.
 We Will Bury You is a comic book miniseries written by brother-sister team Brea Grant and Zane Grant. The first issue was published in the United States on February 24 2010. The fourth and final issue was published in June 2010.
 Mucho Mojo Is a mystery/crime novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale. This is the second in Lansdale's Hap and Leonard series of crime novels.
 Middle East Quarterly (MEQ) is a peer reviewed (since 2009) quarterly journal a publication of the American conservative think tank Middle East Forum (MEF) founded by Daniel Pipes in 1994. It is devoted to subjects relating to the Middle East and Islam and analyzes the region explicitly from the viewpoint of American interests.
 The Cat of Bubastes A Tale of Ancient Egypt (1889) is a historical novel for young people by British author G.A. Henty. It is the story of a young prince who becomes a slave when the Egyptians conquer his people then is made a fugitive when his master accidentally kills a sacred cat. The book was illustrated by John Reinhard Weguelin a notable Victorian painter.
 Epidicus is an ancient Roman play written by T. Maccius Plautus. It is said to be one of Plautus's favorite works. Epidicus is the name of the main character who is a slave. The plot takes many turns as Epidicus tries to please his master's son Stratippocles. The main plot was based upon a Greek play however the story line was changed in order to prevent a brother from marrying his half-sister.
 Molecular and Cellular Biology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Microbiology.
 The Red Queen: Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature (ISBN 0-140-16772-2) is a popular science book by Matt Ridley exploring the evolutionary psychology of sexual selection.
 The Topeka Capital-Journal is a daily newspaper in Topeka Kansas owned by Morris Communications. It has won one Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography awarded to Brian Lanker in 1973.
 For other uses see Wild BlueThe Wild Blue: The Men and Boys who Flew the B-24s over Germany by historian Stephen Ambrose was published in 2001. The book details the lives and World War II experiences of pilots bombardier navigators radio operators and gunners flying B-24s of the U.S. Army Air Forces against Nazi Germany.
 The New York World-Telegram later known as the New York World-Telegram and Sun was a New York City newspaper from 1931 to 1966.
 A Painted House is a February 2001 novel by American author John Grisham. It was made into a television film in 2003 starring Scott Glenn and Logan Lerman.Inspired by his childhood in Arkansas it is Grisham's first major work outside the legal thriller genre in which he established himself.
 Touch Me (2000) is a novel written by award-winning Australian author James Moloney. It was published in April 2000 by University of Queensland Press an Australian publishing company.
 Next City is a national urban affairs magazine and non-profit organization based in Philadelphia.First published in March 2003 the magazine promotes socially economically and environmentally sustainable practices in urban areas across the country and examines how and why cities are changing. It covers topics such as planning transportation urban economies housing environmental issues and housing.
 Barabanba (バラバンバ) is an erotic manga created by Go Nagai. It was originally published by Scola Inc. (a former sub-company of Kodansha) and serialized in the magazine Scola from October 13 1983 (1983-10-13) to August 9 1984 (1984-08-09).An OVA version loosely based in the manga was released in June 21 1985 (1985-06-21) by Japan Home Video (prior to the creation of the label Alice Japan).
 O Primeiro de Janeiro (lit. January 1st) is a Portuguese daily newspaper published in Porto where it was founded in 1868.
 Growing Up in New Guinea is a 1930 publication by Margaret Mead. The book is about her encounters with the indigenous people of the Manus Province of Papua New Guinea before they had been changed by missionaries and other western influences. She compares their views on family marriage sex child rearing and religious beliefs to those of westerners.The book has been rereleased several times since its original release under different publishers.
 Wedge - The Secret War Between the FBI and CIA a nonfiction book by American historian and policy analyst Mark Riebling explores the conflict between U.S. domestic law enforcement and foreign intelligence. The book presents FBI-CIA rivalry through the prism of national traumas—including the Kennedy assassination Watergate and 9/11—and argues that the agencies' failure to cooperate has seriously endangered U.S. national security.
 Power to the People is the third book written by conservative radio show host Laura Ingraham. The book was published in 2007 by Regnery Publishing and details Laura's views on the current political and cultural climate including illegal immigration the war against Islamofascism the Supreme Court of the United States the American education system and the pornification of American culture.
 The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success – A Practical Guide to the Fulfillment of Your Dreams is a 1994 self-help pocket-sized book from author and physician Deepak Chopra published originally by New World Library freely inspired in Hinduist and spiritualistic concepts which preaches the idea that personal success is not the outcome of hard work precise plans or a driving ambition but rather of understanding our basic nature as human beings and how to follow the laws of nature.
 B.P.R.D.: Hollow Earth & Other Stories is the first trade paperback collection in the B.P.R.D. series.
 The Palace of Laughter The Wednesday Tales #1 is a novel by Jon Berkeley published in 2006. It tells the tale of an orphan named Miles Wednesday.
 The Darling Buds of May is a novel by British writer H. E. Bates first published in 1958. It was the first of a series of five novels about the Larkins a rural family from Kent.The plot involves Pop Ma and Mariette Larkin beguiling Charley a timid and naive tax inspector into abandoning his investigations to take up residence on the family farm.The novel was loosely adapted into the film The Mating Game in 1959.
 The Twelve and the Genii or The Return of the Twelves in the U.S. is a low fantasy novel for children by Pauline Clarke first published by Faber in 1962 with illustrations by Cecil Leslie. It features a young boy and what might have happened if the lost toy soldiers that once belonged to the Brontë children had ever been found again.Clarke and The Twelve won the annual Carnegie Medal recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.
 The Moldovan–Romanian dictionary (Dicţionar Moldovenesc-Românesc) is a dictionary compiled by Vasile Stati and published in Chişinău Moldova in 2003 that contains 19000 Moldovan words that are explained in Romanian.
 Poison à la Carte is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in April 1960 in the short-story collection Three at Wolfe's Door (Viking Press).
 Flanimals of the Deep (ISBN 0571234038) is the third book in the Flanimals series from British comedian Ricky Gervais and illustrator Rob Steen. The book was published by Faber and Faber London UK on 5 October 2006 and includes such Flanimals as the Mulgi Flambols Bif Uddlers and Mulons.Flanimals of the Deep won the 'Best Stocking Filler' book of the year in 2006 as voted on Richard and Judy's Christmas Book Reviews. It was also named the WH Smith Children's Book of the Year for 2007.
 Exiles was the name of two American comic book series both of which were published by Malibu Comics.
 Domu (童夢 Dōmu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Katsuhiro Otomo. Similar to his work Akira the story centers on an old man and a child possessing extrasensory powers. It was serialized between 1980 and 1981 with the chapters collected and published as a tankōbon in 1983.
 Worldchanging: A User's Guide for the 21st Century is a book about environmental concerns and practical actual responses. It is a compendium of the solutions ideas and inventions emerging today for building a sustainable livable prosperous future.In November 2006 Worldchanging published a survey of global innovation with a foreword by Al Gore design by Stefan Sagmeister and an introduction by Bruce Sterling.
 The Snowman is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a snowman who falls in love with a stove. It was published by C.A. Reitzel in Copenhagen as Sneemanden on 2 March 1861.
 Shadows Linger is the second novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series The Black Company. The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit The Black Company through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred year history.
 The Man Who Loved Children is a 1940 novel by Australian writer Christina Stead. It was not until a reissue edition in 1965 with an introduction by poet Randall Jarrell that it found widespread critical acclaim and popularity. Time magazine included the novel in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005. The novel has been championed by novelists Jonathan Franzen and Angela Carter.
 Schön! Magazine is an English-language fashion magazine launched in June 2009 and currently based in London England. It is a quarterly publication and is available in print as well as online iPad and iPhone and for download on the magazine's website. The title in German means beautiful.According to its website its goal is showcasing a dynamic and diverse array of ideas and talent in art and fashion.
 Diana in Search of Herself: Portrait of a Troubled Princess is one of the books about Princess Diana that was written by best-selling author Sally Bedell Smith. It was published by the Times Books in 1999. The book is the first authoritative biography of the Princess.
 Fateless or Fatelessness (Hungarian: Sorstalanság lit. Fatelessness) is a novel by Imre Kertész winner of the 2002 Nobel Prize for literature written between 1969 and 1973 and first published in 1975.The novel is a semi-autobiographical story about a 14-year-old Hungarian Jew's experiences in the Auschwitz and Buchenwald concentration camps.
 Engine Summer is a novel by John Crowley published in 1979 by Doubleday. It was nominated for the 1980 National Book Award for hardcover science fiction as well as both the British Fantasy and John W. Campbell Awards the same year. It was rewritten from Crowley's unpublished first novel Learning to Live With It.
 The Death of Tintagiles (French: La Mort de Tintagiles) is an 1894 play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck. It was Maeterlinck's last play for marionettes.Maeterlinck dedicated the play to Aurélien Lugné-Poe a theatre director who had supported several of his earlier works.
 Golden Child is a play by American playwright David Henry Hwang. Hwang's second Broadway play it depicts an early twentieth-century Chinese family being faced with Westernization. The play was developed Off-Broadway and premiered there on November 19 1996 at the Joseph Papp Public Theater. It was directed by James Lapine with Tsai Chin and Jodi Long in the cast.It was revised during productions in California and Singapore.
 Retfærd (Danish: Justice) subtitled Nordic Journal of Law and Justice is a Nordic peer-reviewed academic journal of legal science publishing research from a theoretical and practical point of view on the basis of not only jurisprudence but also sociology criminology political science history philosophy economics ecology anthropology feminism and other sciences. Principally oriented towards Scandinavia it primarily publishes articles in the Scandinavian languages but also publishes special issues in English with a broader international focus. 
 Liberation by Oppression: A Comparative Study of Slavery and Psychiatry is a 2002 work on and a critique of psychiatry by Thomas Szasz.
 Green Shadows White Whale is a 1992 novel by Ray Bradbury. It gives a fictionalized account of his journey to Ireland in 1953-1954 to write a screen adaptation of the novel Moby-Dick with director John Huston. Bradbury has said he wrote it after reading actress Katharine Hepburn's account of filming The African Queen with Huston in Africa.
 His Last Bow: Some Reminiscences of Sherlock Holmes is a collection of seven previously-published Sherlock Holmes stories by Arthur Conan Doyle.Five of the stories were published in The Strand Magazine between September 1908 and December 1913. The final story an epilogue about Holmes' war service was first published in Collier's on 22 September 1917—one month before the book's premier on 22 October.
 Advise and Consent is a 1959 political novel by Allen Drury that explores the United States Senate confirmation of controversial Secretary of State nominee Robert Leffingwell who is a former member of the Communist Party. The novel won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1960 and was followed by Drury's A Shade of Difference in 1962 and four additional sequels.
 Doing Business in 21st Century India: How to Profit Today in Tomorrow's Most Exciting Market is a 2008 non-fiction marketing book written by Gunjan Bagla an Indian-American author and businessman and the managing director of Amritt Inc.. The book is a guide for North American and European firms on doing business in the rapidly developing Indian market. It was published in hardcover in July 2008 by Business Plus an imprint of Hachette Book Group USA.
 The Painted Bride Quarterly also known informally as PBQ is a Philadelphia-based literary magazine. It was established in 1973 by Louise Simons and R. Daniel Evans in connection with the Painted Bride Art Center an art gallery founded in 1969 in an old bridal shop on South Street in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The journal is now based in Drexel University in Philadelphia. It is staffed by a mix of volunteer editors and changing student staff.
 The Hungry Hercynian is a fantasy story written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series. It was first published in the magazine Universe Science Fiction for December 1953 and first appeared in book form in the anthology The Spell of Seven edited by de Camp (Pyramid Books 1965). It has also been translated into German and was first brought together with other works of de Camp in the German collection Die Chronik von Poseidonis (Pabel 1978).
 The Village is a narrative poem by George Crabbe published in 1783. The poem contrasts the traditional representation of the rural idyll in Augustan poetry with the realities of village life.
 Ka Shin Fu (花信風) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Makoto Tateno. The manga is licensed in English by Digital Manga Publishing which released it in October 2007 and in Germany by Egmont Manga for a projected July 2010 release.
 Fighters from Mars or The War of the Worlds in and near Boston is an un-authorized and rewritten version of The War of the Worlds taking place in Boston. The sequel Edison's Conquest of Mars is better known. The story follows H. G. Wells' story more or less the publisher Boston Evening-Post newspaper even refer to a H. C. Wells instead of H. G. Wells. At the time the issue about copyright law made possible to copy Wells' famous story without suffering legal consequences.
 Unrelated Incidents is a series of poems by Tom Leonard. Written in 1976 One of the better-known of this series is The Six o'clock News.
 The ABC of Communism (Russian: Азбука коммунизма Azbuka Kommunizma) is a book written by Nikolai Bukharin and Yevgeni Preobrazhensky in 1920 during the Russian Civil War. Originally written to convince the proletariat of Russia to support the Bolsheviks it became an elementary textbook of communist knowledge.
 The Goal is a management-oriented novel by Dr. Eliyahu M. Goldratt a business consultant whose Theory of Constraints has become a model for systems management. It was originally published in 1984 and has since been revised and republished in 1992 and 2004.
 Flower News is a private weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 SF Magazine (also known as Hayakawa's SF Magazine) is a science fiction magazine in Japan. It began publication with the February 1960 issue which appeared in bookshops at the end of 1959. It was Japan’s first successful prozine.
 The Volcano Lover is a 1992 novel by Susan Sontag. Set largely in Naples it focuses upon Emma Hamilton her marriage to Sir William Hamilton the scandal relating to her affair with Lord Nelson her abandonment and her descent into poverty.The title comes from William Hamilton's interest in volcanos and his investigations of Mount Vesuvius.
 The Journal of Romance Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books on behalf of the Institute of Germanic and Romance Studies (London) covering studies on linguistics literature performing and visual arts material culture intellectual and cultural history critical and cultural theory psychoanalysis gender studies social sciences and anthropology of those parts of the world that speak or have spoken Romance languages.
 The Daily Express (Urdu: روزنامہ ایکسپریس‎) founded on 3 September 1998 is one of Pakistan’s most widely circulated Urdu-language newspapers[citation needed] published by Century Publications a Lakson Group subsidiary. It is published simultaneously from Islamabad Karachi Lahore Peshawar Quetta Multan Faisalabad Gujranwala Sargodha Rawalpindi Rahim Yar Khan and Sukkar. It claims to have a 24% circulation share.[citation needed]
 Winston's War is a 2003 novel by Michael Dobbs that presents a fictional account of the struggle of Winston Churchill to combat the appeasement policies of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain.
 Subaru (スバル) was a literary magazine published monthly in Japan between January 1909 and December 1913. The name of the publisher was Subaru (昴) written in kanji as opposed to the magazine title written in katakana.Subaru was the spiritual successor to the better-known and longer-running magazine Myōjō. Subaru mainly focused on the publication of poetry and was known for the its advocacy of the trend of Romanticism in Japanese literature in the late Meiji period (1868 – 1912).
 Enchanter is a 1996 fantasy novel by Sara Douglass. It follows the first book in the series Battleaxe with Axis journeying to the Icarii stronghold to receive his heritage.
 Home of the Gentry (Russian: Дворянское гнездо pronounced [dvorʲanskɔjɛ ɡnʲɛzdo]) is a novel by Ivan Turgenev published in the January 1859 issue of Sovremennik. It was enthusiastically received by the Russian society and remained his least controversial and most widely read novel until the end of the 19th century. It was turned into a movie by Andrey Konchalovsky in 1969.
 The Claw of the Conciliator is a science fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe first released in 1981. It is the second volume in the four-volume series The Book of the New Sun.
 The Great Enigma (Swedish: Den stora gåtan) is a 2004 collection of poetry by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer. It consists of five poems in free format followed by 45 haikus in eleven suites. It is one of the two collections Tranströmer has written after his 1990 stroke and it was therefore written at a slow pace with the left hand. It was published in English in 2006.
 Wednesday Journal is a newspaper publisher based in Oak Park Illinois. It publishes free weekly community newspapers throughout Chicago paid weekly newspapers in the city's western suburbs and parenting magazines in the Chicago metropolitan area.
 Just Let Me Be is a 1950 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was his third published full length novel.
 House of Mystery is an occult and horror-themed comic book anthology series based on the classic House of Mystery series that ran from 1951 to 1983. The writers Bill Willingham and Matthew Sturges debuted the series in July 2008 under Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.
 Revolting Rhymes is a collection of Roald Dahl poems published in 1982. A parody of traditional folk tales in verse Dahl gives a re-interpretation of six well-known fairy tales featuring surprise endings in place of the traditional happily-ever-after. The poems are illustrated by Quentin Blake.
 The Chymical Wedding is a 1989 novel by Lindsay Clarke about the intertwined lives of six people in two different eras. Inspired by the life of Mary Anne Atwood the book includes themes of alchemy the occult fate passion and obsession. It won the Whitbread Prize for fiction in 1989.
 Rangifer is an open-access scientific journal about northern ungulates and reindeer husbandry.Rangifer is published since 1981 by the Nordic Council for Reindeer Husbandry Research. Paperback Rangifer was published regularly from 1981 to 2007. Special and report issues started at volume 28 2008.
 Armchair General is a magazine that covers first and foremost military history but defines itself by putting the emphasis on involving the reader and features tactical situations which can be resolved by sending solutions to the magazine's staff.
 Clash of the Sky Galleons is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 2006. It is the ninth volume of The Edge Chronicles and the third of the Quint Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the third novel preceding the Twig Saga and Rook Saga trilogies that were published earlier.
 The Harvard Political Review is a quarterly nonpartisan American magazine and website on politics and public policy founded in 1969 at Harvard University in Cambridge Massachusetts. It covers both domestic and international affairs and political events as well as political discourse at Harvard. It also conducts interviews with political figures and experts.
 RG Veda (聖伝-RG VEDA- Seiden: Rigu Vēda) is a manga created by Clamp consisting of ten volumes in all. It was first published in Japan in 1989 as Clamp's debut manga. The story features elements of Vedic mythology; the title itself is pronounced Rigveda the name of one of the four Vedas. The series is known for its extravagant and richly detailed art. It inspired a 2 episode anime OVA that was released through 1991 to 1992.
 Cramped in that Funnelled Hole is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.
 Strikeforce: Morituri is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics from 1986 to 1989. The series was created by writer Peter B. Gillis and artist Brent Anderson.The premise is that aliens have invaded Earth and nearly succeeded in conquering it and stripping it of its resources. A scientist discovers a process which can provide humans with superhuman powers effectively creating a group of defending superheroes.
 Youth Violence and Juvenile Justice is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of criminology and juvenile law. Its editor-in-chief is Chad R. Trulson (University of North Texas). It was established in 2003 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Fall is the first book in Garth Nix's The Seventh Tower series published in 2000 by Scholastic. It tells the story of Tal a boy who lives in a world with eternal darkness. His home is a Castle with seven towers.The cover design and art are by Madalina Stefan and Steve Rawlings respectively.
 The Rapture of Canaan is a novel by Sheri Reynolds. The book was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in April 1997.Adolescent Ninah lives in a strict fundamentalist Christian community (The Church of Fire and Brimstone and God's Almighty Baptizing Wind) led by her grandfather Herman.
 Rhythm is a monthly drumming and percussion magazine based in the United Kingdom. Launched in 1985 and is the best-selling drumming magazine in the UK. Rhythm is owned by Future plc.It is available in major retailers throughout the world can be bought online and has licenced editions in other territories.
 El jesuita (Spanish: The Jesuit) is a biography of Jorge Bergoglio who became Pope Francis in 2013. Written by Sergio Rubin it is the only biography of him that appeared before his election as Pope.
 Ultrastructural Pathology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal devoted entirely to diagnostic ultrastructural pathology. The journal covers advances in the uses of electron microscopic and immunohistochemical techniques correlations of ultrastructural data with light microscopy histochemistry immunohistochemistry biochemistry cell and tissue culturing electron probe analysis and investigative clinical and diagnostic EM methods. The editor-in-chief is Jahn M.
 L'Encyclopédie du Savoir Relatif et Absolu or Livre secret des fourmis.
 Mountain Record: The Zen Practitioners' JournalMountain Record is a perfect antidote for anyone who fears that Buddhist practice is being diluted by its current popularity in American culture.
 Psalm 100 (Greek numbering: Psalm 99) is part of the biblical Book of Psalms. It may be used as a canticle in the Anglican liturgy of Morning Prayer when it is referred to by its incipit as the Jubilate or Jubilate Deo.
 The Outermost House is a book by naturalist writer Henry Beston. It was published in 1928 by Doubleday and Doran and is now published by Henry Holt and Company in New York. It chronicles a season spent living on the dunes of Cape Cod.Beston's Fo'castle the 20x16 beach cottage which served as the setting for the book The Outermost House was built in June 1925 and then claimed by the sea in February 1978.
 A Home at the End of the World is a 1990 novel by Pulitzer Prize-winning American author Michael Cunningham. The book is narrated in the first person with the narrator changing in each chapter. Bobby and Jonathan are the main narrators but several chapters are narrated by Alice Jonathan's mother and Clare. An excerpt from A Home at the End of the World was published in The New Yorker chosen for Best American Short Stories 1989 and featured on NPR's Selected Shorts.
 Drafted is a comic book series by Mark Powers and Chris Lie published by Devil's Due Publishing starting in 2007.
 The Avignon Quintet is a five-volume series of novels by British writer Lawrence Durrell published between 1974 and 1985. The novels are openly metafictional and reflect the developments in experimental fiction following after Durrell's previous The Alexandria Quartet.
 The Riding Club Crime is the 172nd volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series of books. It was released in 2003.
 Da Capo (〜ダ・カーポ〜 Da Kāpo commonly abbreviated as D.C.) is an adult Japanese visual novel developed by Circus which was released as a limited edition on June 28 2002 playable on the PC as a CD-ROM; a DVD-ROM version followed on July 26 2002. An English release was scheduled for December 25 2008 and the game was available for a brief time on that date but the title was pulled until January 20 2009.
 Our Home's Fox Deity. (我が家のお稲荷さま。 Wagaya no Oinari-sama.) is a Japanese light novel series by Jin Shibamura with illustrations by Eizō Hōden. The first novel was released in February 2004 and as of October 2007 seven volumes have been published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
 Secret Places Hidden Sanctuaries: Uncovering Mysterious Sites Symbols and Societies is a 2009 book called a robust and skeptical look at the kind of esoteric nonsense celebrated in The Da Vinci Code.The book itself covers various sites and societies favored by conspiracy theorists and unexplained mystery enthusiasts including Rosslyn Chapel Area 51 Skull and Bones Opus Dei the Esalen Institute Mount Weather Heinrich Himmler's Wewelsburg Castle Montecristo island and Disneyland's Club 33.In this work the authors seek to put forward new evidence (and novel theories)[citation needed] about some 150 controversial places and legends including the following hypotheses:That the Mediterranean island of Montecristo an Italian government exclusion zone forbidden to visitors without special permission may conceal the greatest hidden treasure of all time—the immense booty of Turkish pirate and admiral Turgut Reis.That contrary to the commonly held view that Yale's Skull and Bones society was founded as a chapter or branch of a German university corps it bears none of the hallmarks of a student corps but rather resembles the esoteric and Masonic lodges of early 19th century Germany.↑ ↑
 Agharta (アガルタ Agaruta) is a manga series written and illustrated by Takaharu Matsumoto published in Shueisha's Ultra Jump magazine since 1997.
 8 Man (8マン) or Eightman (エイトマン Eitoman) is a manga and anime superhero created in 1963 by science fiction writer Kazumasa Hirai and manga artist Jiro Kuwata. He is considered Japan's earliest cyborg superhero predating even Kamen Rider (the same year Shotaro Ishinomori created Cyborg 009) and was supposedly the inspiration for RoboCop.The manga was published in Weekly Shōnen Magazine and ran from 1963 to 1966.
 The Cleveland News Leader was a Sunday morning newspaper printed from 2004-2009 in Cleveland Mississippi. The newspaper was founded by David Johnson who served as its editor and publisher. The paper earned a reputation as an unusually hard-nosed newspaper for such a small town making a name for itself exposing government corruption.
 Gods of Aberdeen is a novel written by Micah Nathan published in June 2005 by Simon & Schuster. It was translated into Italian Russian Spanish and Portuguese with the title The Last Alchemist. The novel is written in first-person and follows the freshman year of the narrator Eric Dunne a 16 year-old linguistic savant who attends fictional Aberdeen College in the town of Fairwich Connecticut. The novel achieved best-seller status in Italy selling over 40k copies.
 Al Alam Al Youm (in Arabic العالم اليوم meaning The World Today in English) is an Arabic business newspaper published in Cairo Egypt. It is the first private specialized independent paper of the country.
 Palaeontology is one of the two scientific journals of the Palaeontological Association. It was established in 1957 and is published on behalf of the Association by Wiley-Blackwell. The editor-in-chief is S. Stouge (Geological Museum Denmark). Palaeontology publishes articles on a range of palaeontological topics including taphonomy systematics and biostratigraphy.
 Medical Care Research and Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of health care. The editor-in-chief is Thomas D'Aunno (Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health).
 Advances in Colloid and Interface Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It covers all aspects of colloid and interface science including surface chemistry physical chemistry and surface tension.
 The Golden Road is a 1913 novel by Canadian author L. M. Montgomery.
 The Gallup Herald was a newspaper in Gallup New Mexico USA covering local news sports business jobs and community events. The paper began publication in 2004 and ceased publication in 2012. Its list price was 75 cents. It was published weekly on Wednesdays.
 The Statesman Journal is the major daily newspaper published in Salem Oregon United States. Founded in 1851 the Oregon Statesman later merged with the Capital Journal to form the current newspaper the second-oldest in Oregon. The Statesman Journal is distributed in Salem Keizer and much of the mid-Willamette Valley. The average daily circulation is 36629 Monday-Friday 118168 Saturday with Sunday readership of 124059.
 The Travelling Grave and Other Stories is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author L. P. Hartley. It was released in 1948 and was the author's first American collection of fantastic tales. It was published by Arkham House in an edition of 2047 copies.Most of the stories originally appeared in two British collections: Night Fears and The Killing Bottle and Other Stories
 The Final Nexus is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Gene DeWeese.
 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1963) is a play based on Ken Kesey's 1962 novel of the same name. Dale Wasserman's stage adaptation with music by Teiji Ito made its Broadway preview on November 12 1963 its premiere on November 13 and ran until January 25 1964 for a total of one preview and 82 performances. Since then the play has had two revivals: first off-Broadway in 1971 with Danny DeVito as Martini then as a Broadway production in 2001 with Gary Sinise as McMurphy.
 De Letzeburger Bauer is a newspaper published in Luxembourg.
 Criminal is an ongoing American creator-owned crime comic book series by writer Ed Brubaker with artist Sean Phillips published by Marvel Comics' Icon imprint.The series is a meditation on the clichés of the crime genre while remaining realistic and believable.
 The Divine Worshipper is a historical fiction novel written by Christian Jacq. The story follows on from the previous book Manhunt in which the young scribe Kel aided by his wife Nitis and friend Bebon try to clear his name of murders he did not commit. It takes place in ancient Egypt during the reign of the pharaoh Amasis (alternatively translated in the book as Ahmose) in 528BC. The book was originally published in France in 2007 and translated and published in English in 2008.
 Darkest Mercy is an Urban fantasy novel by Melissa Marr. It is set in the same universe as Marr's previous YA novels but is not a sequel to Radiant Shadows; rather it is a companion novel like Ink Exchange was focusing on a different set of characters.
 A Year In The Province is a comic novel by Christopher Marsh. The book tells the story of Jesus Sanchez Ventura who persuades his wife Begona and his three daughters to leave Andalusia for Belfast.The book was well received by critics with the BBC's Ian Sansom comparing Marsh to Flann O'Brien.
 Renunciates of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 844) in March 1991.
 The Eighteenth Century: Theory and Interpretation is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on Western culture from 1660 to 1830. The journal is published by the University of Pennsylvania Press. It is available online through Project MUSE and JSTOR. The journal was established in 1959 as Studies in Burke and His Time and obtained its current title in 1978.
 International Organization is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the entire field of international affairs.
 A Dark-Adapted Eye (1986) is a psychological thriller novel by Ruth Rendell written under the nom-de-plume Barbara Vine. The novel won the American Edgar Award. It was adapted as a television film of the same name in 1994 by the BBC.
 Kyriakatika ELATHEN (Greek: Κυριακάτικα ΕΛΑΘΕΝ Translation: The Sunday Elathen News) is a weekly newspaper published in Athens owned by M.E. Group. It is a traditional center-left friendly newspaper that has strongly supported animal rights since the 1990s. Some of its prominent columnists include Ioannis Nankis and Maria Felantaki.It started as a subscriber-only think tank report but was transformed to a weekly newspaper in early 2009 by its new editor.
 Planet Tad is a 2012 comedic children's novel by Tim Carvell. The book is based off the ongoing Mad magazine feature of the same name. Planet Tad was published by HarperCollins in May 2012.
 I Alex Cross is the sixteenth novel in the Alex Cross series by James Patterson. It was released on Hardcover and Paperback in November 16 2009 to positive reviews and positive reception. It is preceded by Alex Cross's Trial. Its success led to 5 sequel novels Cross Fire Kill Alex Cross Merry Christmas Alex Cross Alex Cross Run and Cross My Heart.
 The Collector Collector is the third novel by British author Tibor Fischer first published in 1997 by Secker and Warburg in the UK and Henry Holt in the US. It has also been published in Canada and Germany (as Die Voyeurin).
 A Secret Life: The Lies and Scandals of President Grover Cleveland is a 2011 historical book by American author Charles Lachman that reveals the untold story of President Grover Cleveland's 1884 presidential campaign and allegations that a decade earlier he fathered an illegitimate son and had the child's mother committed to a mental asylum.
 The Man from Outback is a 1909 Australian play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan written under the name of 'Albert Edmunds'.
 Armor is a military science fiction novel by John Steakley. It has some superficial similarities with Robert A. Heinlein's Starship Troopers (such as the military use of exoskeletons and insect-like alien enemies) but concentrates more on the psychological effects of violence on human beings rather than on the political aspects of the military which was the focus of Heinlein's novel.It was first published in December 1984.
 Camera Camera Camera (カメラ・カメラ・カメラ Kamera Kamera Kamera) is a manga series written and illustrated by Kazura Matsumoto. The series was originally published in Japan by Shinshokan between February 2002 and February 2003. The manga is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing under its Juné imprint which released the first volume on 24 November 2007 and the second on February 12 2008.
 The Demon's Covenant is a 2010 novel by Irish author Sarah Rees Brennan. It is published by Simon & Schuster. It is the second book in The Demon's ... trilogy the first being The Demon's Lexicon released in 2010 and the third The Demon's Surrender released in June 2011.
 Sidewise in Time is a 1950 collection of science fiction short stories by Murray Leinster. It was first published by Shasta Publishers in 1950 in an edition of 5000 copies. The stories all originally appeared in the magazines Astounding and Thrilling Wonder Stories.
 The Spell of Seven is a 1965 anthology of fantasy short stories in the sword and sorcery subgenre edited by L. Sprague de Camp and illustrated by Virgil Finlay. It was first published in paperback by Pyramid Books. It was the second such anthology assembled by de Camp following his pioneering Swords and Sorcery (1963).The book collects seven sword and sorcery tales by various authors with an overall introduction by de Camp.
 Digest of Middle East Studies is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization. The journal was established in 1992 with Mohammed M. Aman (University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee) as editor-in-chief. The journal focuses on Middle Eastern Studies particularly regarding religion and politics.
 Physical Review is an American peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1893 by Edward Nichols. It publishes original research as well as scientific and literature reviews on all aspects of physics. It is published by the American Physical Society (APS). The journal is in its third series and is split in several sub-journals each covering a particular field of physics. It has a sister journal Physical Review Letters which publishes shorter articles of broader interest.
 The Swinging Bridge is a novel by Ramabai Espinet published in 2003 through Harper Collins Publishing. In 2004 the novel was short-listed for the Common Wealth Writer's Prize in the category of Best First Book (Caribbean and Canada Region).
 The Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of criminology. The editor-in-chief is Chris Eskridge (University of Nebraska). It was established in 1978 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 De ortolaan is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1984.
 King of the Pygmies is a young adult novel that lies on the line between magic and mental illness. It is the sixth novel written by American author Jonathon Scott Fuqua originally published in 2005 by Candlewick Press. It is about a 15-year-old boy Penrod Penn Swayne and the troubles that he faces when he starts hearing the thoughts of people close to him.
 The Journal of Insect Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal of entomology. It is published quarterly by the Indian Society for the Advancement of Insect Science since 1988. The journal is edited by Balbir Singh Joia.
 L'œuvre is the fourteenth novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola. It was first serialized in the periodical Gil Blas beginning in December 1885 before being published in novel form by Charpentier in 1886.The title translated literally as The Work (as in work of art) is often rendered in English as The Masterpiece or His Masterpiece. It refers to the struggles of the protagonist Claude Lantier to paint a great work reflecting his talent and genius.
 The Hidden is the 39th book in the Animorphs series. It was ghostwritten by Laura Battyanyi-Wiess (as K. A. Applegate). It is narrated by Cassie.
 Aliens Stole My Body is a children's science fiction novel by Bruce Coville that was first published in 1998. This is the fourth book in a series about the fictional character Rod Albright. The illustrations and the front cover were done by the author's wife Katherine Coville.
 The Razor's Edge is a book by W. Somerset Maugham published in 1944. Its epigraph reads The sharp edge of a razor is difficult to pass over; thus the wise say the path to Salvation is hard taken from a verse in the Katha-Upanishad.The Razor's Edge tells the story of Larry Darrell an American pilot traumatised by his experiences in World War I who sets off in search of some transcendent meaning in his life.
 Tarzan and the Foreign Legion is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the twenty-second in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. The book written June–September 1944 while Burroughs was living in Honolulu and published in 1947 was the last new work by Burroughs to be published during his life (Llana of Gathol the tenth book in the Barsoom series was published in 1948 but it was a collection of four stories that were originally published in Amazing Stories in 1941).
 Ankia Naats (Assamese: অংকীয়া নাট) are a class of one act plays performed in Assam India. The invention of the Ankia Naat is usually attributed to the medieval saint and social reformer Srimanta Sankardeva. These plays were written in an artificial Assamese-Maithili mixed language called Brajavali and are primarily centered on Krishna. A particular presentation of an Ankia Naat is called a Bhaona.
 LaNotizia (English: The News) is a Swiss Italian-language daily newspaper covering science and technology economy and politics topics.Based in Basel Switzerland it is owned by S. Publishing.
 Blackout is a bestselling children's book written and illustrated by John Rocco about the activities of a New York City family during a blackout. During the blackout the lack of distraction by their technological devices leads to a renewal of the family members' connection with each other.The book received a 2012 Caldecott Honor and Fox 2000 has optioned it for a live-action feature.
 The Case for God is a 2009 book by Karen Armstrong. It is an answer to the recent atheism of Richard Dawkins Christopher Hitchens Sam Harris and Daniel Dennett and focuses on the three Abrahamic religions: Judaism Christianity and Islam from the paleolithic age to the present day. Also included are Buddhism and Hinduism.Among the themes of the book are apophatic theology and intellectualism versus practice.
 Sky & Telescope (S&T) is a monthly American magazine covering all aspects of amateur astronomy including the following:current events in astronomy and space exploration;events in the amateur astronomy community;reviews of astronomical equipment books and computer software;amateur telescope making; andastrophotography.The articles are intended for the informed lay reader and include detailed discussions of current discoveries frequently by participating scientists.
 The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy Gentleman (or more briefly Tristram Shandy) is a humorous novel by Laurence Sterne. It was published in nine volumes the first two appearing in 1759 and seven others following over the next seven years (vols. 3 and 4 1761; vols. 5 and 6 1762; vols. 7 and 8 1765; vol. 9 1767). Probably Sterne's most enduring work it purports to be a biography of the titular character.
 The Indian Journal of Dental Research is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Dental Research. It covers orodental diseases preventive and community dentistry oral pathology and dentofacial orthopedics.
 Year's Best SF 7 (ISBN 0-06-106143-3) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2002. It is the seventh in the Year's Best SF series.
 Chourmo is the second book of French author Jean-Claude Izzo's Marseilles Trilogy.
 This is a list of newspapers in East Timor.Suara Timor LorosaeTimor PostJornal Nacional DiárioThe Dili Weekly↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 British Chess Magazine is the world's oldest chess journal in continuous publication. First published in January 1881 it has appeared at monthly intervals ever since. It is frequently known in the chess world as BCM.The founder and first general editor of the magazine was John Watkinson (1833–1923). He had previously edited the Huddersfield College Magazine which was the British Chess Magazine's forerunner.
 Poetics of Cinema 1: Miscellanies (1995) is the first of two volumes of film theory by Chilean filmmaker Raúl Ruiz.
 Star Girls (星少女) is a Taiwanese anthology magazine published by Tong Li Comics specializing in serialization of manhua comics aimed at young females. It debuted in July 1992 and is published six times per year in even-numbered months.
 The 120 Days of Sodom or the School of Libertinism (Les 120 journées de Sodome ou l'école du libertinage) is a novel by the French writer and nobleman Donatien Alphonse François Marquis de Sade. Described as both pornographic and erotic it was written in 1785. It tells the story of four wealthy male libertines who resolve to experience the ultimate sexual gratification in orgies.
 Ashes of Victory is the ninth Honor Harrington novel by David Weber.
 Miss Christina (Romanian: Domnișoara Christina) is a 1936 novel by the Romanian writer Mircea Eliade. It tells the story of the attraction between a female strigoi—an undead human from Romanian folklore—and a young man who visits the house she haunts. An English translation by Ana Cartianu was published in 1992 as part of the Eliade omnibus volume Mystic Stories. The novel has been the basis for two Romanian film adaptations with the same title.
 The Texas Observer (also known as the Observer) is a nonprofit nonpartisan American political newsmagazine published monthly and based in Downtown Austin Texas.The Observer was founded by Frankie Randolph and founding editor Ronnie Dugger in Austin in 1954 to address topics ignored by daily newspapers in the state — such as issues affecting working people and concerning class and race.
 Genome Biology is an online partially open access scientific journal that publishes original peer-reviewed research in genomics. It is published by BioMed Central (BMC) and is currently the BMC journal with the highest impact factor.
 Gone But Not Forgotten is a 1993 novel written by attorney Phillip Margolin and set in Portland Oregon. In 2004 the book was adapted to a television miniseries starring Brooke Shields as Betsy Tannenbaum and Lou Diamond Phillips as Alan Page. Rather than being set in Portland the miniseries was set in Sacramento California.
 OC Weekly a sister publication of both LA Weekly and The Village Voice is a popular free weekly paper (an alternative weekly) distributed in Orange County California and also in Long Beach.The paper targets corrupt California politicians of both major political parties and has been instrumental in several being arrested and sent to prison.
 The Game is a fantasy novella written by Diana Wynne Jones. It explores a young girl's life and her relation to the Mythosphere. This book pulls heavily from Greek and even some Russian Mythology.
 Jewish Renaissance is a quarterly cultural magazine founded in 2001 covering Jewish culture arts and communities in Britain and beyond. It is published and edited by Janet Levin.
 Two Figures in Dense Violet Night is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium. It was first published in 1923 so it is still under copyright. Only its first stanza is quoted here.Buttel reads the poem as about the humorous disparity between gauche male and suave female. But it can also be read as neither humorous nor gender-specific but rather as a meditation on the lover's otherness or `alterity'.
 Real Education: Four Simple Truths for Bringing America's Schools Back to Reality is a 2008 book by Charles Alan Murray.
 Shaolin Cowboy is an American comic book series created co-written (opening dialog in each issue is written by the Wachowskis) and drawn by artist Geof Darrow. The book was published irregularly by Burlyman Entertainment.The last issue Shaolin Cowboy #7 hit the stands in May 2007 a year after #6 went on sale. At the 2011 Toronto San Diego and New York Comic Cons Dark Horse Comics announced that they would be publishing three new Shaolin Cowboy comics starting with a new Number One.
 Old Rambling House is a short story by science fiction author Frank Herbert which first appeared in Galaxy magazine in 1958 and later in Herbert's 1985 short story collection The Worlds of Frank Herbert. It is notable for its atmosphere and the dystopian multiverse in which no hope of freedom is left which is atypical for Herbert's works.
 Loveless was an American Western comic book series for mature readers published by DC Comics as a part of that company's Vertigo imprint. It is written by Brian Azzarello and drawn by Marcelo Frusin Danijel Zezelj and Werther Dell'Edera.
 The Songs of Kings was a novel published in 2002 by Barry Unsworth that retells the story of Iphigenia at Aulis told by the Greek tragic poet Euripides.
 Indiana Jones and The Spear of Destiny is a four-issue comic book mini-series published by Dark Horse Comics from April to July 1995. It was their seventh series about the adult Indiana Jones.
 Dealing with Dragons is a young adult fantasy novel written by Patricia C. Wrede in which the princess Cimorene escapes her tediously ordinary family to be a dragon's princess. It is the first book in the Enchanted Forest Chronicles series.
 An Equal Music (1999) is a novel by Vikram Seth.
 Jolie is a German fashion magazine published by a major German publisher. As of 2010 it had a total circulation of 375642.
 Anglican & Episcopal History is published quarterly (March June September and December) by the Historical Society of the Episcopal Church based in Austin Texas.
 My My Mai (その気にさせてよmyマイ舞 sonokinisasetoyo mai mai mai) is a 4-episode anime OVA series. The anime was re-released in 1993.
 And Tango Makes Three is a 2005 children's book written by Peter Parnell and Justin Richardson and illustrated by Henry Cole. The book is based on the true story of Roy and Silo two male Chinstrap Penguins in New York's Central Park Zoo.
 The Maitland Mercury is Australia's third oldest regional newspaper preceded only by the Geelong Advertiser (estab. 1840) and the Launceston Examiner (estab. 1842).The Maitland Mercury was established in 1843 when it was called The Maitland Mercury and Hunter River General Advertiser. The Maitland Mercury is still in circulation serving the city of Maitland and the surrounding Lower Hunter Valley.
 The Washington City Paper is a U.S. alternative weekly newspaper serving the Washington D.C. metropolitan area.It was started in 1981 by Russ Smith and Alan Hirsch the owners of the Baltimore City Paper. For its first year it was called 1981. The name was changed to City Paper in January 1982 and in December 1982 Smith and Hirsch sold 80% of it to Chicago Reader Inc. In 1988 Chicago Reader Inc. acquired the remaining 20% interest.
 Totto-chan the Little Girl at the Window is a children's book written by Japanese television personality and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Tetsuko Kuroyanagi. The book was published originally as 窓ぎわのトットちゃん (Madogiwa no Totto-chan) in 1981 and became an instant bestseller in Japan.
 Tales of Nevèrÿon collects a preface (to the entire series) and five sword and sorcery stories by Samuel R. Delany; and finally an appendix. The stories are The Tale of Gorgik The Tale of Old Venn The Tale of Small Sarg The Tale of Potters and Dragons and The Tale of Dragons and Dreamers. It is the first of the four-volume Return to Nevèrÿon series. This article discusses the five stories collected in the book.
 The Marriage of William Ashe is a novel by Mary Augusta Ward that was the best-selling novel in the United States in 1905. It originally appeared in serial form in Harper's Magazine from June 1904 through May 1905 and was published in book form in March 1905. Illustrations were provided by Albert Sterner.The novel is loosely based on the lives of statesman William Lamb Melbourne and his eccentric wife Lady Caroline Lamb.
 For Strange the Doctor Strange related character see Strangers (Marvel Comics)Strange is a six-part American comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics under their Marvel Knights imprint. Written by J. Michael Straczynski and Samm Barnes with artwork by Brandon Peterson Strange is a re-imagining of Doctor Strange's origin.
 Katherine Swynford: The Story of John of Gaunt and his Scandalous Duchess is a biography of Katherine Swynford written by Alison Weir and published in 2007. In the US the book is titled Mistress of the Monarchy: The Life of Katherine Swynford Duchess of Lancaster.Katherine Swynford was the longtime mistress and later the third wife of John of Gaunt third surviving son of Edward III. Through their legitimized children she became an ancestress of several royal dynasties.
 The Village of Stepanchikovo (Russian: Село Степанчиково и его обитатели Selo Stepanchikovo i evo obitateli) also known as The Friend of the Family is a novel written by Fyodor Dostoyevsky and first published in 1859.
 The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Two (ISBN 978-1-59780-173-7) is a horror fiction anthology edited by Ellen Datlow that was published on March 10 2010. It is the second in The Best Horror of the Year series.
 The Middle Moffat by Eleanor Estes is the second novel in the children's series known as The Moffats. Published in 1942 it was a Newbery Honor book. The title comes from Janey Moffat who feels a little lost among her three siblings. Being neither the oldest or youngest she decides to become the 'Middle Moffat' to help herself feel more important. The Moffats is set in small town Cranbury Connecticut during World War I.
 The Closing of the Western Mind: The Rise of Faith and the Fall of Reason (2003) is a book by historian Charles Freeman in which he presents the case that the vital Greek Traditions of rationality and science (natural philosophy) were suppressed and ultimately vanished in the West for a thousand years as a result of the rise of Christianity and the acquisition of political power by the Church not to be rediscovered until the Renaissance.
 Underworld is a novel published in 1997 by Don DeLillo. It was nominated for the National Book Award was a best-seller and is one of DeLillo's better-known novels.In 2006 a survey of eminent authors and critics conducted by The New York Times found Underworld the runner-up for the best work of American fiction of the past 25 years; it garnered 11 of 125 votes finishing behind only Toni Morrison's Beloved with 15 votes.
 The Journal of Agricultural Economics is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Agricultural Economics Society. It was established in 1928 as the Journal of the Proceedings of the Agricultural Economics Society and became the Journal of Agricultural Economics in 1955.
 I Me Mine is an autobiographic work by George Harrison published in 1980 as a hand-bound limited edition book by Genesis Publications. It was limited to 2000 signed copies with a foreword by Derek Taylor. The Genesis limited edition sold out soon after publication and it was subsequently published in hardback and paperback in black ink by W H Allen in London and by Simon and Schuster in New York.
 Apartment 255 is a 2001 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Bunty Avieson.
 The Submarine Caper (later retitled Deadly Chase) is the 68th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 Sunce se djevojkom ženi or Sun marrying the girl is a Mythological lyric of Serbian folk literature. It's dating from the Middle-ages. Probably this lyric has been recorded by Vuk Stefanović Karadžić in the 19th century in the ijekavian accent of Stokavian dialect.
 Hidden Warrior is the second book in the Tamír Triad by Lynn Flewelling. It is followed by Oracle's Queen.
 Baka and Test (バカとテストと召喚獣 Baka to Tesuto to Shōkanjū lit. Idiots Tests and Summoned Beasts) also known as Baka and Test: Summon the Beasts is a Japanese light novel series created by Kenji Inoue and illustrations by Yui Haga. The series spans a total of 17 volumes which were published between January 29 2007 and November 30 2013 by Enterbrain under their Famitsu Bunko imprint. A manga adaptation by Mosuke Mattaku started serialization in the manga magazine Shōnen Ace on April 25 2009.
 Sharpe's Prey is the 2001 historical novel by Bernard Cornwell set during the Napoleonic Wars .This book tells the story of Second Lieutenant Richard Sharpe who is sent to Copenhagen in 1807 with the job of protecting a nobleman on an important but secret mission. Sharpe soon discovers that his task is not as simple as it seemed and that he must overcome traitors spies and the bombardment of Copenhagen.
 Two Sisters is a novelistic memoir by the American writer Gore Vidal. Originally published in 1970 this fairly short novel (174 pages) contains according to the blurb on the dust jacket of the first edition Gore Vidal’s singular speculations on love sex death literature and politics.Reviewing the book in the New York Times reviewer John Leonard complained Two Sisters works neither as a novel (all the news happens off-stage) nor as a memoir (the I is far too coy).
 The Shadowpact is a fictional group of magic-based heroes who fought against the Spectre in the 2005 limited series Day of Vengeance published by DC Comics. They are a sort of Justice League for the supernatural elements of the DC Universe. Some of the team members are Homo magi.Their self-titled series ended in May 2008 after 25 issues and a 2 year run but the team appeared in the Reign in Hell series in July 2008.
 The World According to Kipling (A Plain Tale from the Hills) is a 2000 fantasy short story by Geoffrey Maloney.
 Tsubasa: Those with Wings (Japanese: 翼を持つ者 Hepburn: Tsubasa o Motsu Mono) is a shōjo manga by Natsuki Takaya. It was serialized by Hakusensha from 1995 to 1998 in Hana to Yume and collected in six tankōbon volumes; it was republished in 2007 in three bunkobon volumes. The series is licensed in English in North America by Tokyopop which began releasing translations of the bunkobon volumes in spring of 2009.
 Willamette Week (WW) is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Portland Oregon United States since 1974. It features reports on local news politics sports business and culture. Willamette Week is the only weekly newspaper to have one of its reporters Nigel Jaquiss win a Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting. It was the first newspaper to win a Pulitzer for a story that it first published online.
 Puberty Blues (1979) is a novel by the Australian writers Gabrielle Carey and Kathy Lette. It is their first published book. It has long been controversial with adults but much sought out by teenagers for its depictions of adolescent sex. A film based on the novel was released in 1981. A television series based on the novel began airing in 2012.
 A Perfect Day for Love Letters (恋文日和 Koibumi Biyori) is a Japanese manga short story series written and illustrated by George Asakura. Each story depicts a relationship that revolves around the use of love letters. The stories were originally published by Kodansha in the shōjo (aimed at teenage girls) manga magazine Bessatsu Friend and collected in two bound volumes. A Perfect Day for Love Letters received the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga along with Oi Piitan!! by Risa Itou in 2005.
 The Memoirs of Naim Bey: Turkish Official Documents Relating to the Deportation and the Massacres of Armenians also known as the Talat Pasha telegrams is a book written by Aram Andonian and published in London by Hodder & Stoughton in 1920 originally in English and later in a French version.
 Lowlife is a semi-autobiographical comic book series written and drawn by Ed Brubaker published by Slave Labor Graphics and later Caliber Comics. Collected editions were put out by Aeon Press and Black Eye Books.
 Clifton is a Franco-Belgian comics series in the humorous spy-genre featuring the exploits of Colonel Sir Harold Wilberforce Clifton. It was created by Raymond Macherot in 1959 and has since passed on to other artists and writers. Over the fifty years of publication of the Clifton series approximately twenty albums and twenty smaller stories have been published totalling about 800 pages.
 Auntie Mame is a 1955 novel by Patrick Dennis chronicling the madcap adventures of a boy Patrick growing up as the ward of the sister of his dead father. The book is inspired by Dennis' real life eccentric aunt Marion Tanner whose life and outlook mirrored those of Mame. The novel was a runaway best seller setting records on the New York Times bestseller list with more than two million copies in print during its initial publication.
 Area is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Geographical Society. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.368.
 The Wrong Way Home: Uncovering the Patterns of Cult Behavior in American Society is a book on cult culture within the United States written by Arthur J. Deikman M.D.. The book was originally published in hardcover format in December 1990 by Beacon Press and reprinted in paperback form September 1994. Dr.
 Gun Machine is a hardboiled detective thriller by English author Warren Ellis. The novel Ellis' second was released on 1 January 2013 through Mulholland Books and reached The New York Times Best Seller list. It follows Detective John Tallow as he becomes involved in a mystery surrounding several unsolved homicides.
 Bears Can't Run Downhill is a book by Robert Anwood published in 2006 by Ebury Press. It popularises the idea of pub facts. It is written to investigate (and thereby debunk or confirm) commonly held beliefs such as One dog year equals seven human years and In the UK it is illegal to burn money. It was followed by a sequel Emus Can't Walk Backwards published in September 2007.
 Ella Enchanted is a Newbery Honor book written by Gail Carson Levine and published in 1997. The story is a retelling of Cinderella featuring various mythical creatures including fairies elves ogres gnomes and giants. In 2006 Levine went on to write Fairest a retelling of the story of Snow White set in the same world as Ella Enchanted.
 Chime is a 2011 young adult fantasy novel by Franny Billingsley. The book was published by Dial on March 17 2011. Chime was selected as a finalist in the 2011 National Book Award for Young People's Literature. The book was also selected as one of Publisher Weekly's Best Books of 2011 and was one of the American Library Association's 2012 Best Fiction picks for both the audiobook and hardback.
 The Star was Hong Kong's first tabloid newspaper founded in 1965 and closed down in 1984. It was founded by Graham Jenkins an Australian journalist who was the newspaper's editor until 1979. After the 1967 riots Graham decided to add a Chinese language edition. The newspaper was printed and published by Consolidated Newspapers Ltd. When the newspaper was closed 120 employees lost their jobs virtually overnight.
 Waiting is a 1999 novel by Chinese-American author Ha Jin which won the National Book Award that year. It is based on a true story that Jin heard from his wife when they were visiting her family at an army hospital in China.
 Small GTPAses is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on small GTPases including their structural biology biochemical regulation and their individual and collective cell biological functions. The journal was established in 2010 and is published by Landes Bioscience. The editor-in-chief is Michael J. Williams (Uppsala University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE/PubMed.
 Femina is an Indian magazine published fortnightly. It is owned by Worldwide Media a 50:50 joint venture between BBC Worldwide and The Times Group. It is primarily a women's magazine and features articles on relationships beauty and fashion travel cuisine and health and fitness. It also features articles on celebrities and cultural facets of Indian women.Femina was first published in July 1959. It has organized and sponsored the Femina Miss India beauty pageant since 1964.
 Bella is a weekly magazine aimed at women currently published in the United Kingdom by H Bauer Publishing the UK subsidiary of the German-owned family business the Bauer Media Group. A new issue is published every Tuesday. It was the first magazine published in the UK by Bauer and continues to be one of the strongest selling women's magazines in the country overall.
 The Supper of the Lamb is a food book by Robert Farrar Capon. It was first published in 1967 and has been republished several times. It has been included in the Modern Library Food series.Capon was an Episcopal priest and Lauren Winner describes this book as part cookbook part theological meditation – something like M. F. K.
 Arriba (Spanish for up) was a Spanish daily newspaper. It was founded in Madrid 21 March 1935 by José Antonio Primo de Rivera as the official weekly newspaper of the Spanish Falange. On 5 March 1936 it was suspended by the government of the Second Spanish Republic. The suspension continued through the Spanish Civil War. After nearly three years of fighting Madrid was captured by Nationalist troops under Francisco Franco.
 Hell Screen (地獄変 Jigokuhen) is a short story written by Japanese writer Ryūnosuke Akutagawa. It was originally published in 1918 as a serialization in two newspapers. It was later published in a collection of Akutagawa short stories Akutagawa Ryūnosuke zenshū.
 Black Bullet (ブラック・ブレット Burakku Buretto) is a Japanese light novel series written by Shiden Kanzaki and illustrated by Saki Ukai published under ASCII Media Works's Dengeki Bunko imprint. The series began publication on July 10 2011 and 5 volumes have been published as of October 2013. A manga series began serialization on August 27 2012 in ASCII Media Works's Dengeki Maoh.
 Artemis Fowl: The Graphic Novel is a graphic novel based on the first book of the Artemis Fowl series. It was written by Eoin Colfer the author of the original books and adapted by Andrew Donkin. It was released on 2 October 2007.
 The Day of the Triffids is a 1951 post-apocalyptic novel about a plague of blindness which befalls the entire world allowing the rise of an aggressive species of plant. It was written by the English science fiction author John Wyndham Parkes Lucas Beynon Harris under the pen name John Wyndham. Although Wyndham had already published other novels using other pen-name combinations drawn from his real name this was the first novel that was published as John Wyndham.
 Izgled was a pop-culture magazine published in Belgrade Serbia during the 1980s. Only five issues were published.
 The Miners Advocate and Northumberland Recorder was a bi-weekly English language newspaper published in Newcastle New South Wales.
 Bowling King (ボウリングキング Gun Qiu Wang) is a Taiwanese 24-volume manga series by Tong Ai. It is published by Akaneshinsha and serialized in New Youth Express. The story is about kid named Shautieh Ley and the humiliation he puts himself and his opponents through in bowling alleys.
 Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens is a juvenile fiction novel by Brandon Sanderson published in December 2010 by Scholastic Press. It is the fourth book in the Alcatraz Versus series featuring the protagonist Alcatraz Smedry.
 Bomber Girl (ボンバーガール Bonbā Gāru) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Makoto Niwano.The series is about Emi Rashomon (羅生門エミー Rashomon Emii) a bounty hunter who uses her sex appeal to defeat enemies. Guy Kurosaki (黒崎 ガイ Kurosaki Gai) is a police officer who initially opposes Emi's methods.In Japan it was published in Weekly Shōnen Jump by Shueisha's Jump Comics division. The series was published by Gutsoon Entertainment in the United States.
 End the Fed is a 2009 book by Congressman Ron Paul of Texas. The book debuted at number six on the New York Times Best Seller list and advocates the abolition of the United States Federal Reserve System.
 The Economics Anti-Textbook is both an introduction to and critique of the typical approaches to economics teaching written by Rod Hill and Tony Myatt in 2010.
 For other uses see Freedom of choiceFree to Choose (1980) is a book and a ten-part television series broadcast on public television by economists Milton and Rose D. Friedman that advocates free market principles. It was primarily a response to an earlier landmark book and television series: The Age of Uncertainty by the noted economist John Kenneth Galbraith. Milton Friedman won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics in 1976.
 Hellboy: The Chained Coffin and Others is the third trade paperback collection in the Hellboy series created by Mike Mignola published by Dark Horse Comics on August 5 1998 which collects various mini-series one-shots and back-up features featuring fictional paranormal detective Hellboy.
 The Dead River (originally in Albanian Lumi i Vdekur) is the title of the first novel written by the 20th century Albanian writer Jakov Xoxa. One of the best-known of Jakov Xoxa's the literary work was written in 1964 only to be published 7 years later.
 The Dragon Waiting: A Masque of History is a fantasy novel by John M. Ford published in 1983. It won the 1984 World Fantasy Award.
 Thieves' Picnic is a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris featuring his Robin Hood-inspired crime fighter Simon Templar alias The Saint. The book was first published in the United Kingdom in 1937 by Hodder and Stoughton and in the United States by The Crime Club the same year. Later editions of the book were retitled The Saint Bids Diamonds; another alternate title is The Saint at the Thieves' Picnic.
 The Second Deadly Sin (Swedish: Till offer åt Molok 2011) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson fifth in the Rebecka Martinsson series. It will be published in the USA June 3 2014.
 Red Scarf Girl is a memoir written by Ji-li Jiang about her experiences during the Cultural Revolution of China. The book's foreword is written by David Henry Hwang. Both versions are popular but most schools have access to the foreword version.Ji-li was at the top of her class and the da-dui-zhang or Student Council President of her school.
 Blade of Fire is the second novel in Stuart Hill's fantasy series the Icemark Chronicles.
 Telepathic Wanderers (Nanase) is a Japanese manga written by Yasutaka Tsutsui and illustrated by Sayaka Yamazaki. The manga is licensed in English by Tokyopop. The manga is based on Yasutaka Tsutsui's novel Nanase Futatabi.
 Game of Shadows: Barry Bonds BALCO and the Steroids Scandal that Rocked Professional Sports is a bestselling non-fiction book published on March 23 2006 and written by Mark Fainaru-Wada and Lance Williams reporters for the San Francisco Chronicle.
 Journal of Geosciences (1956-1992 Časopis pro mineralogii a geologii 1993-2006: Journal of the Czech Geological Society) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Czech Geological Society and its predecessors since 1956. The journal covers research in the fields of igneous and metamorphic petrology geochemistry and mineralogy.
 Our Final Invention: Artificial Intelligence and the End of the Human Era (2013) is a non-fiction book by American author James Barrat. The book discusses the potential benefits and possible risks of human-level or super-human artificial intelligence. Those purported risks include extermination of the human race.
 PeerJ is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the biological and medical sciences. It is published by a company of the same name that was co-founded by publisher Peter Binfield (formerly at PLOS ONE) and CEO Jason Hoyt (formerly at Mendeley) with financial backing of USD 950000 from O'Reilly Media and O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures.
 The Acceptance World is the third book of Anthony Powell's twelve novel sequence A Dance to the Music of Time. Nick Jenkins continues the narration of his life and encounters with many friends and acquaintances in London between 1931 and 1933.
 Rise of a Merchant Prince is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the second book of The Serpentwar Saga and is preceded by Shadow of a Dark Queen and followed by Rage of a Demon King.
 Behavior Modification is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of behavior modification. The editor-in-chief is Alan S. Bellack (University of Maryland). It was established in 1977 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Veterinary Immunology and Immunopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering allergy and immunology in the domain of veterinary medicine.
 Voice Over! Seiyu Academy (声優かっ! Seiyū ka-!) lit. The voice actor! is a shōjo manga by Maki Minami. The series started serialization in the 14th issue of the biweekly manga magazine Hana to Yume on June 20 2009. In order to accurately present the voice acting business in the manga the company 81 Produce and the professional Tokyo Animation Institute were involved in references and research.
 American Gothic is a 1974 psychological horror novel by Robert Bloch and is a fictionalized portrayal of real life serial killer H. H. Holmes who is renamed G. Gordon Gregg for the story.
 Lego Club Magazine (formerly known as Brick Kicks in the US and Bricks 'n' Pieces in the UK then Lego MANIA Magazine and simply Lego Magazine until 2008) is the Official Magazine for Lego or more specifically the Lego Club. It features many things such as prices of Lego products special offers comics games contests modeling tips and more. There are various types of Lego Magazines such as: Lego Magazine - A PLAYbook featuring comics building ideas cool creations and games.
 A Cry in the Night (1982) is a suspense novel by American author Mary Higgins Clark.
 The Journal of American Folklore is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Folklore Society. Since 2003 this has been done on its behalf by the University of Illinois Press. The journal has been published since the society's founding in 1888. It publishes on a quarterly schedule and incorporates scholarly articles essays and notes relating to its field. It also includes reviews of books exhibitions and events.
 The Repository is an American daily newspaper serving the greater Canton Ohio area. It is currently owned by GateHouse Media.
 Haunted in the New World is a book published in 2005 by Donald Weber. The book's subtitle Jewish American Culture from Cahan to The Goldbergs reflects the broad scope of the work as an overview of 20th century Jewish American literature and popular culture. Abraham Cahan was one of the most recognizable Jewish-American writers in both Yiddish and English.
 Robot Dreams (1986) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov illustrated by Ralph McQuarrie. The title story is about Susan Calvin's discovery of a robot with rather disturbing dreams. It was written specifically for this volume and inspired by the McQuarrie cover illustration. All of the other stories had previously appeared in various other Asimov collections.
 The Pastor's Wife: The True Story of a Minister and the Shocking Death That Divided a Family by author and novelist Diane Fanning is a true crime account of Pastor Matthew Winkler who was found fatally wounded from a shotgun blast to his back in 2006 at his Fourth Street Church of Christ parsonage in Selmer Tennessee. The book was released by St.
 Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life is a partial autobiography published by C. S. Lewis in 1955. Specifically the book describes the author's conversion to Christianity which had taken place 24 years earlier.
 Relish is an American cooking food and lifestyle magazine website and cooking show founded in 2006. Each month the magazine features articles on cooking dining recipes and entertaining.The magazine is published by New York and Nashville-based PGoA Media.
 Marthandavarma (Malayalam: മാർ‍ത്താണ്ഡവർ‍മ്മ Māṟttāṇḍavaṟmma [mɑːṟt̪t̪ɑːɳɖaʋaṟmma]) is a novel by C.V. Raman Pillai published in 1891. It is presented as a historical romance recounting the history of Venad (Travancore) during the final period of Rajah Rama Varma’s reign and subsequently to the accession of Marthanda Varma. The action of story takes place in Kollavarsham 901-906 (Gregorian calendar: 1727-1732).
 Death: The High Cost of Living is an American comic book miniseries written by Neil Gaiman with art by Chris Bachalo and Mark Buckingham.
 The Moving Finger is a detective fiction novel by Agatha Christie first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in July 1942 and in UK by the Collins Crime Club in June 1943 The US edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6). It features the elderly detective Miss Marple in a relatively minor deus ex machina-like role only appearing in the final quarter of the book and in only a handful of scenes.
 Pro tempore is a Croatian academic journal. It covers topics in Croatian and world history and historiography publishing a selection of articles interviews essays in memoriams and book reviews. Since 2008 each issue has dealt with a specific topic in history such as the early modern period cultural history gender history business history and the Annales School.
 The Renegade is a poem by David Diop which blackguards those Africans who have espoused European customs at the expense of their African roots. Critics have noted sometimes pointedly that Diop himself spent most of his life outside Africa.
 Scary Godmother is a series of children's books and comic books created by artist Jill Thompson and published by Sirius Entertainment in 1997.
 The Buried Pyramid is a book written in 2004 by Jane Lindskold and published by Tom Doherty Associates.
 Purple is a French fashion art and culture magazine founded in 1992.
 The Last Book in the Universe (2000) is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Rodman Philbrick. Set in a cyberpunk dystopia its protagonist and narrator is a teenage boy named Spaz who suffers from epilepsy.
 Sanada Sandaiki(真田三代記) is a novel about Sanada Masayuki Sanada Yukimura and Sanada Daisuke published in mid Edo period.
 Superman: Secret Origin was a six-issue monthly American comic book limited series written by Geoff Johns and illustrated by Gary Frank starring the DC Comics superhero Superman. The story featured thedefinitive origin of Superman for the modern post-Infinite Crisis DC Universe continuity starting with Clark Kent in his pre-teens as Superboy.
 F Minus is a horizontally oriented single panel comic strip by Tony Carrillo started when he was a sophomore at Arizona State University. It ran daily in The State Press an independent newspaper at ASU from 2002 until 2004 when Carrillo graduated.
 Indignation is a novel by Philip Roth released by Houghton Mifflin on September 16 2008. It is his twenty-ninth book.
 Juxtaposition Global Health Magazine is a student publication published twice a year by students at the University of Toronto. Originally started as an online magazine the Magazine has recently expanded and is due to publish its ninth issue in print in 2013. Articles focus on global health and international development issues.
 International Review of Administrative Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Public Administration. The journal's editor is Christopher Pollitt (Catholic University of Leuven). It has been in publication since 1957 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of International Institute of Administrative Sciences.
 Turkish Odyssey A Cultural Guide to Turkey is a guidebook written by Şerif Yenen it is the “first guidebook of Turkey ever written by a Turk”. The book was first published in English in September 1998 the version with a CD-ROM was in 2001 the fourth edition was in 2007. It is translated into Italian Turkish and German. It is used as textbook and is on suggested reading lists at various universities.
 Italino is an Italian comic strip series created by Antonio Rubino.
 Born Blue is a young adult novel by award winning author Han Nolan in 2001.
 The Android is the tenth book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Marco.
 The Secret of Evil (El Secreto del Mal 2007) is a collection of short stories and recollections or essays by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño (1953–2003). The English translation by Chris Andrews was published by New Directions in 2012. The Spanish version was published posthumously and contains 21 pieces 19 of which appear in the English edition.
 Imaginary Worlds: the Art of Fantasy is a study of the modern literary fantasy genre written by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in June 1973 as the fifty-eighth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series; it was the only nonfiction entry in the series. The book was among the earliest full-length critical works devoted to fantasy writers and the history of fantasy.
 The Female of the Species is a comic play by Joanna Murray-Smith first performed in 2006. The play is a satire about celebrity feminists with a plot loosely inspired by a real-life incident in 2000 when author Germaine Greer was held at gunpoint in her own home by a disturbed student.The play was premiered in Australia where it had several productions in 2006 and 2008. A London production opened in the West End in 2008.
 Chain of Attack is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Gene DeWeese.
 The Spider Sapphire Mystery is the forty-fifth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1968 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 After Miss Julie is a play by Patrick Marber which relocates August Strindberg's naturalist tragedy Miss Julie (1888) to an English country house in July 1945. The re-imagining of the events of Strindberg's original are transposed to the night of the British Labour Party's landslide election victory.
 The Letter of Marque is an historical novel by Patrick O'Brian set during the Napoleonic Wars. It was first published by HarperCollins in 1988 and is the twelfth book in the Aubrey-Maturin series concerning the adventures of naval commander Jack Aubrey and his friend ship's surgeon naturalist and spy Stephen Maturin.
 Beware of Pity (German: Ungeduld des Herzens) is a 1939 novel by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig. It was Zweig's longest fiction book. It was adapted into a 1946 film with the same title directed by Maurice Elvey.
 Under Compulsion is a collection of science fiction stories by Thomas M. Disch. It was first published by Rupert Hart-Davis in 1968 in the UK. It was subsequently published in the US in 1970 by Doubleday under the title Fun with Your New Head. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Escapade Fantasy and Science Fiction New Worlds Fantastic Amazing Stories Impulse and Playboy.
 The Seattle Journal for Social Justice is a peer-reviewed student-edited law journal of the Seattle University School of Law. Among specialized law reviews it is currently ranked 395th out of more than 1200 law journals.The journal publishes two issues per year—Fall/Winter and Spring/Summer. Each issue typically includes three or four articles concerning social justice issues written by outside authors as well as two to three student-written articles.
 All Together Dead is the seventh book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries.
 GE - Good Ending (ＧＥ～グッドエンディング～) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kei Sasuga. It has been published in French by Kana.
 The Bravo is a novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1831 in three volumes. Inspired by a trip to Europe where he traveled through much of Italy the novel is set in Venice. The Bravo is the first of Cooper's three novels to be set in Europe. This group of three novels which one critic would call Cooper's European trilogy include The Heidenmauer and The Headsman. Like his other novels set in Europe The Bravo was not very well received in the United States.
 When It Was Dark: The Story of a Great Conspiracy (1902) is a best selling novel by English author Guy Thorne about how a plot to destroy Christianity by falsely disproving the Resurrection of Christ leads to moral disorder and chaos in the world until it is exposed.Although commercially successful it has been criticized as being anti-Semitic.
 Tik-Tok is a 1983 science fiction novel by John Sladek. It received a 1983 British Science Fiction Association Award. A later paperback edition was issued by Gollancz in 2002.
 The Berkeley Journal of Employment & Labor Law (BJELL) is a law journal that publishes articles focusing on current developments in labor and employment law. It was founded in 1975 as the Industrial Relations Law Journal. It changed its name to the current title in 1993.
 No Time Like Show Time is the third book in the Hermux Tantamoq series of books written by Michael Hoeye which includes Time Stops for No MouseThe Sands of Time and Time to Smell the Roses.
 The Keys to the White House is a 1996 book about a historically based prediction system for determining the outcome of presidential elections in the United States. The system inspired by earthquake research was developed in 1981 by American historian Allan Lichtman and Russian scientist Vladimir Keilis-Borok an authority on the mathematics of prediction models.
 Euclid's Elements (Ancient Greek: Στοιχεῖα Stoicheia) is a mathematical and geometric treatise consisting of 13 books written by the ancient Greek mathematician Euclid in Alexandria c. 300 BC. It is a collection of definitions postulates (axioms) propositions (theorems and constructions) and mathematical proofs of the propositions. The thirteen books cover Euclidean geometry and the ancient Greek version of elementary number theory.
 Stellar Ships or Star Ships (Russian name Zvezdnye Korabli Russian: Звёздные корабли) is a short story by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov written in 1944 and first published in 1948 in the USSR.This story is about the discovery of an ancient dinosaur bone with a mysterious bullet hole (or blaster hole) and an alien skull and his portrait nearby.
 Nidāna Ārambhakathā (Burmese: နိဒါန အာရမ္ဘကထာ; lit. Preface to the Legend) is a Mon language chronicle. It is supposedly part of a larger treatise called Ramann'-uppatti-dipaka (An Explanation of the Origins of Ramannadesa). The surviving copy of Nidana is dated to the 18th century although the copy says its original manuscript was compiled in year 900 ME (1538/39 CE). Moreover at least some parts of it were likely written during the early 17th century.
 Goats is a 2000 novel written by Mark Jude Poirier published by Hyperion with the strapline Girls ganga and goat-trekking
 Silent War is a six-issue Marvel Comics comic book limited series which began in January 2007. It was written by David Hine with art by Frazer Irving.It is a sequel to House of M and Son of M detailing the war between the Inhumans and rest of humanity after the mutant Quicksilver stole the Terrigen Mists from Attilan.
 Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid is a New York Times Best Seller book written by Jimmy Carter 39th President of the United States (1977–1981) and winner of the 2002 Nobel Peace Prize. It was published by Simon and Schuster in November 2006.While President Carter hosted talks between Menachem Begin of Israel and Anwar Sadat of Egypt that led to the Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty.
 Yasuko to Kenji (ヤスコとケンジ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Aruko. Yasuko to Kenji was serialized in the shōjo manga magazine Bessatsu Margaret from April 2005 to November 2006. In 2008 the series was adapted into a comedy drama which aired in Japan on Nippon Television.
 America's Health Care Crisis Solved: Money-Saving Solutions Coverage for Everyone is a 2008 book by J. Patrick Rooney and the HSA Coalition President Daniel B. Perrin that has been described as an excellent hands-on guide for consumers and voters regarding HSAs or Health Savings Accounts.
 Persuader is the seventh book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. After a chance encounter with an old adversary Reacher finds himself once again obsessed with revenge and in increasingly dire straits in an attempt to settle a decade-long score. Reacher infiltrates a criminal organisation quickly rising in the ranks to get revenge on his old enemy.
 The Mesa Arizona Easter Pageant Jesus the Christ is an annual production of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) staged on the grounds of the Mesa Arizona Temple. One of the six LDS pageants Jesus the Christ began in 1928 as a small sunrise Easter presentation.
 Business Ethics: A European Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons covering business ethics. The editor-in-chief is Christopher Cowton (University of Huddersfield). Occasionally the journal publishes special issues on particular interdisciplinary themes.
 Asimov's Biographical Encyclopedia of Science and Technology is a history of science by Isaac Asimov written as the biographies of over 1500 scientists. Organized chronologically beginning with Imhotep (entry [1]) and concluding with Stephen Hawking (entry [1510]) each biographical entry is numbered allowing for easy cross-referencing of one scientist with another. Nearly every biographical sketch contains links to other biographies.
 Threat Vector is a political thriller novel by Tom Clancy and Mark Greaney published on December 4 2012. The novel features the former CIA agent and president Jack Ryan and his son Jack Ryan Jr.Abridged and unabridged audiobooks were released on CD in 2012 and both are read by Lou Diamond Phillips.
 My Three Angels is a comedy play by Samuel and Bella Spewack. The show is based on the French play La Cuisine Des Anges by Albert Husson and is their only play that is regularly performed in repertory theater. The production opened on Broadway at the Morosco Theatre on March 11 1953 and closed on January 2 1954 after 344 performances.The play is set in French Guiana around the turn of the 20th century showing the interaction between three prisoners and a family of French colonists.
 The Hunter (1962) is a crime thriller novel written by Donald E. Westlake under the pseudonym Richard Stark. It was the basis for two feature films: John Boorman's Point Blank (1967) starring Lee Marvin and Brian Helgeland's Payback (1999) starring Mel Gibson.
 Failure in the Saddle: Nathan Bedford Forrest Joseph Wheeler and the Confederate Cavalry in the Chickamauga Campaign is a book written by Virginia Military Institute graduate David A. Powell and published by Savas Beatie analyzing the failures of Nathan Bedford Forrest and Joseph Wheeler in the American Civil War. Powell draws upon firsthand accounts many previously unpublished to offer a detailed examination of the Southern cavalry’s role in the Chickamauga campaign.
 The Judgment (Das Urteil) is a short story written by Franz Kafka in 1912 concerning the relationship between a man and his father.
 The Fire Eternal is a 2007 novel by English author Chris d'Lacey. It is the fourth book in his series The Last Dragon Chronicles. After writing The Fire Eternal d'Lacey has written Dark Fire Fire World and The Fire Ascending.
 Keishichō Tokuhanka 007 (警視庁特犯課007 lit.  Metropolitan Police Department Special Offenses 007) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kaji Eiri. It began its serialization on October 2006 in the magazine Ichiraci. The manga ended with a total of 11 volumes.
 The Atlantic is an American magazine founded (as The Atlantic Monthly) in 1857 in Boston Massachusetts and now based in Washington D.C. It was created as a literary and cultural commentary magazine and quickly achieved a national reputation which it has held for over 150 years. The magazine has been important for recognizing and publishing new writers and poets and encouraging major careers.
 Muhammad Husayn Haykal's novel Zaynab (commonly pronounced [ˈzeːnæb]) is considered the first modern Egyptian novel published in 1913. The full title in Arabic is زينب: مناظر واخلاق ريقية (Zaynab: Manazir wa'akhlaq rifiyyah or Zaynab: Country Scenes and Morals).
 Final Blackout is a dystopic science fiction novel by author L. Ron Hubbard. The novel is set in the future and follows a man known as the Lieutenant as he restores order to England after a world war. First published in serialized format in 1940 in the science fiction magazine Astounding Science Fiction Final Blackout was published in book form in 1948 by The Hadley Publishing Co.. Author Services Inc.
 Around the Moon (French: Autour de la Lune 1870) Jules Verne's sequel to From the Earth to the Moon is a science fiction novel continuing the trip to the moon which left the reader in suspense after the previous novel. It was later combined with From the Earth to the Moon to create A Trip to the Moon and Around It.
 Kids on the Slope (坂道のアポロン Sakamichi no Apollon lit. Apollo on the Slope) is a Japanese manga series by Yuki Kodama. An anime television series adaptation of the same name aired in 2012. It is directed by Shinichirō Watanabe at MAPPA and Tezuka Productions with music provided by acclaimed composer Yoko Kanno reuniting the two who previously worked together on Macross Plus and Cowboy Bebop. The anime has been licensed in North America by Sentai Filmworks.
 Cell is an apocalyptic horror novel published by American author Stephen King in 2006. An excerpt was published in the January 24 2006 issue of Entertainment Weekly. The story follows a New England artist struggling to reunite with his young son after a mysterious signal broadcast over the global cell phone network turns the majority of his fellow humans into mindless vicious animals.
 The Birth of Venus: A Novel is a 2003 novel by Sarah Dunant a bestselling British author. The story is set in the late 15th century in Florence Italy.
 Kennedy's Brain is a novel by Swedish writer Henning Mankell that was originally published in the Swedish language in 2005. The English translation by Laurie Thompson was published in September 2007. With some elements similar to those of John le Carré's The Constant Gardner Mankell's novel addresses the African HIV/AIDS epidemic the pharmaceutical industry and greed centered around the African epidemic.
 Fight for Tomorrow was a six-issue limited series of comic books by writer Brian Wood and artist Denys Cowan published 2002-2003 by Vertigo.
 Man Plus is a 1976 science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl. It won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1976 was nominated for the Hugo and Campbell Awards and placed third in the annual Locus Poll in 1977. Pohl teamed up with Thomas T. Thomas to write a sequel Mars Plus published in 1994.
 NutriMag Magazine is a short lived (1999–2001 9 issues) publication on nutrition sports science and fitness. It focused discussions on the real facts of the supplement industry. It was the official magazine of the Nutri-Sport Nutrition stores.
 The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World: from Marathon to Waterloo is a book written by Sir Edward Shepherd Creasy and published in 1851. This book tells the story of the fifteen military engagements (from Marathon to Waterloo) which according to the author had a significant impact on world history.
 First Meetings (2002) is a collection of Orson Scott Card's short stories from the Ender's Game series. Tor Books republished the book in 2003 under the titles First Meetings in the Enderverse and First Meetings in Ender's Universe and included the more recent Teacher's Pest a story about the first meeting of Ender's parents.
 The Prize in the Game is Jo Walton's third novel published by Tor Books in December 2002. The novel is a prequel to Walton's first two novels The King's Peace and The King's Name; its main characters appear as minor or off-stage characters in those books. The story was loosely inspired by the Táin Bó Cúailnge.
 Satellite Sam is an creator-owned American comic book series by Matt Fraction and American artist Howard Chaykin distributed by Image Comics starting in July 2013. Carlyle White a children's television show presenter is found dead with a box of photographs of scantily clad women in promiscuous positions. His son believes the box of photographs is the key to solving his father's murder.
 The Hong Kong Commercial Daily (Chinese: 香港商報) (HKCD) is a business-oriented newspaper published in broadsheet format. Established in 1952 it was the first financial newspaper in the Chinese language with its electronic format available on the Internet. It is one of the few newspapers authorized by the Hong Kong SAR government to publicize legal announcements and also the only Hong Kong newspaper allowed to be circulated freely in mainland China.
 Baree Son of Kazan is the eponymous name of a 1917 novel about a wild wolfling pup named Baree. It was written by James Oliver Curwood as the sequel to Kazan.
 ARCH+ is a quarterly German magazine for architecture urbanism and design that was established in 1967. The magazine has been praised by a number of different architects and publications.
 Blue Moon is the eighth in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Alfred and Emily is a book by Doris Lessing part fiction part memoir first published in 2008. The book is structured in two parts and is based on the lives of Lessing's parents. The first part is a novella a fictional portrait of how her parents' lives might have been without the interruption of the First World War. The second part is a retelling of how her parents' lives really developed.
 Red Glove is the 2011 second book in the The Curse Workers series about Cassel Sharpe written by Holly Black.
 The Outstretched Shadow is the first book of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory's Obsidian Trilogy. It is followed by To Light a Candle.
 The San Diego Jewish Journal headquartered on Murphy Canyon Road in San Diego California is Jewish magazine founded in October 2001 by Dr. Mark Moss and Mark Edelstein and first published in December 2001. Their intent was to create a magazine that spoke to all Jewish movements and traditions. In 2007 the magazine served 19000 subscribers in San Diego Palm Springs and Temecula Valley. Mark Moss and Mark Edelstein are the publishers.
 Origin is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics from November 2001 to March 2002 written by Bill Jemas Joe Quesada and Paul Jenkins and illustrated by Andy Kubert (pencils) and Richard Isanove (color).Origin tells the story of the superhero Wolverine best known as a member of the X-Men.
 Weird Mystery Tales was a mystery (horror) anthology from DC Comics which ran from July-August 1972 to November 1975.
 Published in 2004 A Death in Vienna is a spy novel by Daniel Silva.It is the fourth in the Gabriel Allon series.
 Sunset Express is a 1996 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the sixth in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole. It won the Shamus Award and was named as one of the Best Books of 1996 by Publishers Weekly.
 Whispers in the Wind is a novel written by Australian author Elizabeth Haran and published in 2006 by Bastei Lübbe.
 Non-Player Character Records is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Vincent in Brixton is a 2003 play by Nicholas Wright. The play premiered at London's National Theatre. It transferred to the Playhouse Theatre and later to Broadway.It focuses on artist Vincent van Gogh's time in Brixton London in 1873. In the play which is largely fictional he falls in love with an English widow. It was revived by The Original Theatre Company in 2009.
 Inderøyningen is a local newspaper for the rural municipality of Inderøy in Norway. The newspaper has one weekly edition on Fridays with a circulation of 1866 (2004). The newspaper is read by approximately 70% of the population.
 This article is about the novel by Jules Verne. For the 1962 Walt Disney Studios film see In Search of the Castaways (film).In Search of the Castaways (French: Les Enfants du capitaine Grant lit. The Children of Captain Grant) is a novel by the French writer Jules Verne published in 1867–1868. The original edition published by Hetzel contains a number of illustrations by Édouard Riou.
 72 Things Younger Than John McCain is a book by American blogger Joe Quint. The book lists items from popular culture that were invented after John McCain's birth in 1936 including nachos Social Security chocolate chip cookies duct tape and ZIP codes. 72 Things Younger Than John McCain also includes people who are younger than McCain even though the reader might believe them to be older.
 The Country Attorney is a 1787 comic play by the British writer Richard Cumberland. It was first performed at the Haymarket Theatre on 7 July 1787. The play was reworked and much of it used again by Cumberland for the 1789 play The School for Widows.
 Bieler Tagblatt is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published by Gassmann AG in Biel/Bienne Canton of Bern.
 Vikings of the Gloves is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in the February 1932 issue of Fight Stories. It was reprinted under the title Including the Scandinavian! after Howard's death and attributed to the Fight Stories housename Mark Adam. Howard earned $65 for the sale of this short story.The story follows Costigan's participation in a Scandinavians Only boxing match in Japan and the complications that arise.
 The Journal of Liposome Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes original research on the topics of liposomes and related systems lipid-based delivery systems lipid biology and both synthetic and physical lipid chemistry. The journal also publishes special issues focusing on particular topics and themes within the general scope of the journal and abstracts and conference proceedings including those from the International Liposome Society. The journal is owned by Informa plc
 Ark Angel is the sixth book in the Alex Rider series written by British author Anthony Horowitz. The book was released in the United Kingdom on April 1 2005 and in the United States on April 20 2006.
 This article is about the book. For other uses see greenhouse and greenhouse (disambiguation).The Green House (Original title: La Casa Verde) is the second novel by the Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa published in 1966. The novel covers more than forty years (from the early part of the 20th century to the 1960s).
 Brewer's Rogues Villains and Eccentrics is a reference book first published by Brewer's in 2002 and edited and compiled by William Donaldson.The book is an esoteric look at some of the wild characters emanating from the United Kingdom and has been described as a work of maniacal genius. It featured entries on eccentrics and rogues famous infamous and little-known including Beauchamp Bagenal Lord Berners John Aspinall and John Wilkes.
 Conan the Valiant is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1988; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1989 and was reprinted in July 2000.
 The Quantum Rose is a science fiction novel by Catherine Asaro which tells the story of Kamoj Argali and Skolian Prince Havyrl Valdoria. The book is set in her Saga of the Skolian Empire. It won the 2001 Nebula Award for Best Novel and the 2001 Affaire de Coeur Award for Best Science Fiction. The first third of the novel appeared as a three-part serialization in Analog magazine in the 1999 May June and July/August issues. Tor Books published the full novel in 2000.
 Six Stories is a short story collection by Stephen King published in 1997 by Philtrum Press. It is limited to 1100 copies which are signed and numbered. Six Stories contains: Lunch at the Gotham Cafe (later published as part of Everything's Eventual slightly revised) L.
 The Burrow (German: Der Bau) is an unfinished short story by Franz Kafka in which a mole-like being burrows through an elaborate system of tunnels it has built over the course of its life. The story was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin 1931). The first English translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China.
 Iran Shenasi also spelled as Iranshinasi (Persian: ایران شناسی‎) is an academic journal of Iranian studies. The founding editor-in-chief is Jalal Matini. The journal is published in Persian (with English abstracts) and covers Iranian history Persian culture and Persian literature.
 The Final Days is a 1976 non-fiction book written by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. A follow up to their book All the President's Men The Final Days concerns itself with the final months of the Richard Nixon presidency.As stated in the book's foreword all the information and scenarios depicted were taken from interviews with 394 people who were involved. All that was stated in these interviews was considered on the record but the identity of the sources remained confidential.
 Mirdita is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Cult Movies is a 1981 book by Danny Peary consisting of a series of essays regarding what Peary described as the 100 most representative examples of the cult film phenomenon.
 The Festering Season is a graphic novel created by Kevin Tinsley with artist Tim Smith 3. It was published as a first-run graphic novel by Stickman Graphics in 2002.
 Asharq Al-Awsat (Arabic: الشرق الاوسط‎ meaning The Middle East) is an Arabic international newspaper headquartered in London. A pioneer of the off-shore model in the Arabic press the paper is often noted for its distinctive green-tinted pages.The New York Times in 2005 called Asharq Al-Awsat one of the oldest and most influential in the region.
 Law Culture and the Humanities is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers three times a year in the field of humanities. The journal's editor-in-chief is Austin Sarat (Amherst College). It was established in 2005 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for the Study of Law Culture and the Humanities. The journal covers legal history legal theory and jurisprudence law and cultural studies law and literature and legal hermeneutics.
 Pryazovia Worker (Russian: Приазовский рабочий) - one of the leading regional newspapers in Ukraine. Published in Russian.
 The Ozmapolitan of Oz is a 1986 novel written and illustrated by Dick Martin. As its title indicates the book is an entrant in the long-running series of stories on the Land of Oz written by L. Frank Baum and various successors.
 ToyFare was a monthly comedy and collecting magazine published by Wizard Entertainment that focused on collectible action figures busts statues and maquettes. It previewed new and upcoming lines and figures each month as well as providing a price guide for toy lines new and old. ToyFare was also known for its satirical humor which could be found on almost every page.[citation needed]
 Lục súc tranh công (六畜爭功 The Quarrel of the Six Beasts) is a classic narrative poem written in late Eighteenth Century Vietnam. Although the title is given in classical chu Han the poem itself is written in the vernacular Vietnamese language in Sino-Vietnamese nôm script and luc bat verse. The poem is anonymous. It is set in the tuồng form of traditional drama.
 Hammer's Slammers is a 1979 collection of military science fiction short stories by author David Drake. It follows the career of a future mercenary tank regiment called Hammer's Slammers after their leader Colonel Alois Hammer.
 The Daily Mirror is a British national daily tabloid newspaper founded in 1903. From 1985 to 1987 and from 1997 to 2002 the title on its masthead was simply The Mirror. It had an average daily print circulation of 962670 in March 2014. Its Sunday sister paper is the Sunday Mirror.The Mirror has had a number of owners. It was founded by Alfred Harmsworth who sold it to his brother Harold Harmsworth (from 1914 Lord Rothermere) in 1913.
 Texar's Revenge or North Against South (French: Nord contre Sud) is the full title of the English translation of the novel written by the French science-fiction author Jules Verne and centers on the story of James Burbank an antislavery northerner living near Jacksonville Florida and Texar a pro-slavery southerner who holds a vendetta against Burbank.
 Gim Toro is an Italian comic book series created by Andrea Lavezzolo and Edgardo Dell'Acqua.
 The Charioteer is a 1953 war novel and gay novel by Mary Renault. It was first published in the United States in 1959. The Charioteer is significant because it features a prominent gay theme at an early date and quickly became a bestseller within the gay community.
 Loveholic (恋愛中毒 Ren'ai Chūdoku) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Toko Kawai. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume through its imprint Juné on 14 March 2007 and the second volume on 16 December 2008.
 Country Standard Time is a website dedicated to country music and related genres including Americana Bluegrass and Rockabilly. It provides news and musical reviews pertaining to the genre. It was established in 1992 by Jeffrey B. Remz as a print magazine which was first published only in New England but went nationwide in 1995. The magazine has had a website since 1997 and ended its print publication in January 2009.
 Hana-Kimi or known originally as Hanazakari no Kimitachi e (花ざかりの君たちへ For You in Full Blossom) in Japan is a shōjo manga series written by Hisaya Nakajo. The manga was serialized in Japan in Hakusensha's semi-monthly shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume.
 A New Lease of Death is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell first published in 1967. It is the second entry in her popular Inspector Wexford series. (The novel was titled The Sins of the Fathers in the USA.)
 Garment of Shadows is a 2012 mystery novel by American author Laurie R. King. Twelfth in the Mary Russell series the story features married detectives Mary Russell and Sherlock Holmes.
 Women In The Shadows is a lesbian pulp fiction novel written in 1959 by Ann Bannon (pseudonym of Ann Weldy). It is the third in a series of pulp fiction novels that eventually came to be known as The Beebo Brinker Chronicles. It was originally published in 1959 by Gold Medal Books again in 1983 by Naiad Press and again in 2002 by Cleis Press.
 The Tulane Journal of Law & Sexuality (Bluebook abbreviation; Tul. J. L. & Sex.) is a student-edited law review published by Tulane University Law School. It covers issues surrounding the LGBT community and publishes the winning article of the annual National LGBT Bar Association Michael Greenberg Student Writing Competition.
 Bart Simpson's Guide to Life is a humorous book published in the United States in 1993 by HarperCollins (imprint HarperPerennial). It includes advice from the Simpsons character Bart Simpson on how to deal with life. The book was written by several authors and was helped into print by Matt Groening. It has received critical praise.
 Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus! is a children's picture book by Mo Willems. Released by Hyperion Press in 2003 it was Willems' first book for children and received the Caldecott Honor. The plot is about a bus driver who has to leave so he asks the reader to not allow the pigeon to drive the bus. The pigeon tries many excuses and tries to finagle readers into letting him drive the bus. An animated adaptation of the book won the 2010 Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Children's Video.
 Outside the Dog Museum is a novel by the American writer Jonathan Carroll published in 2005. It tells the story of a successful architect building a dog museum for the wealthy Sultan of Saru. In the process he finds a magical new world.
 Philosophy and Theology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles and reviews exploring connections between philosophy and theology. It was established in 1986 by Andrew Tallon at Marquette University and is the journal of the Karl Rahner Society. One issue of each volume is dedicated to Rahner's thought. Since 1997 the journal has been published on behalf of Marquette University by the Philosophy Documentation Center. All issues are available in electronic format.
 The Red Tree (2001) written and illustrated by Shaun Tan is a picture book that presents a fragmented journey through a dark world. The illustrations are surreal. The text is sparse and matches the dark illustrations. The story is based on images inspired by the experience of depression. The main character is a lonely red-headed girl. A red leaf from a red tree follows the girl through her day; it states how she feels and depicts her worries.
 Phoebe: A Journal of Literature and Art is a literary journal based at George Mason University in Fairfax Virginia and first published in 1971. It publishes one print issue and one online issue each year in addition to running annual contests in fiction poetry and nonfiction.
 Red Dog is a short story by Nancy Gillespie and a collection of anecdotes and poetry written by several people of the Pilbara region chronicling the life and travels of the Red Dog. Colonel Cummings is documented as the Red Dog's original owner and later John Stazzonelli took ownership before dying in a motorcycle accident. The Red Dog not knowing that Stazzonelli had died went looking for him across Western Australia's Pilbara region.
 International Journal of Hematology is the official journal of the Japanese Society of Hematology. Since 2008 it is published by Springer Japan but previously was published by Carden Jennings.
 The Briar Cliff Review is a literary journal based in Sioux City Iowa USA home of Briar Cliff University. The Review was founded in 1989 and has awarded its well-renowned prizes in fiction and poetry since 1996. The current editors are Tricia Currans-Sheehan Phil Hey (Fiction) Jeanne Emmons (Poetry) and Paul Weber (Nonfiction). Previous winners of the Briar Cliff Review fiction prize include Jacob M.
 Tom Brown at Oxford is a novel by Thomas Hughes first published in 1861. It is a sequel to the better-known Tom Brown's School Days. The book was out of print for many years but is available in Britain from Wordsworth Classics with 'Tom Brown's Schooldays' and as the copyright on the text has expired is now available on the Project Gutenberg ebook site.
 Journal of Statistical Computation and Simulation is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers related to computational statistics. It is published by Taylor & Francis in English.The journal started publishing in 1972. It publishes 12 issues each year.
 Viaţa Medicală (Medical Life) is a Romanian weekly medical magazine which publishes medical news commentaries and peer-reviewed medical articles.
 The Million-Year Centipede or Liquid Structures (2007) is the sixth novel by American author Eckhard Gerdes. Set in an apocalyptic world in which a giant centipede comes to collect the all of the true rock ‘n’ roll fans Gerdes’ book is built of text fragments drawings and songs that deal with themes like hero worship and fundamentalism. Like much of Gerdes’ work The Million-Year Centipede is non-linear in structure but is distinguished by its use of allegory.
 The Toynbee Convector is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury. Several of the stories are original to this collection. Others originally appeared in the magazines Playboy Omni Gallery Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine Woman's Day and Weird Tales.
 The Case for Latvia. Disinformation Campaigns Against a Small Nation. Fourteen Hard Questions and Straight Answers about a Baltic Country is the complete title of a non-fictional book on the history of Latvia by the awarded Finnish author Jukka Rislakki. The book was first published 2007 in the Finnish language with the title Tapaus Latvia.
 Plague 99 (ISBN 0-15-262429-5) is a 1989 novel written by Jean Ure. It tells the story of a pandemic that shuts down London and a group of three teenagers that survive the outbreak. The book takes an apocalyptic view and details the experiences of the three principal characters at the end of the year 1999 as the plague wipes out the population of London in the course of a few weeks. It was written during the Cold War and reflects many aspects of the fears of the time.
 Salmagundi is a quarterly periodical of the Humanities and Social Sciences which aims to address the general reader. It was founded in 1965 and Skidmore College has produced it since 1969. The name refers to Salmagundi a salad dish originating in early 17th century England.
 Home Is the Sailor (Portuguese: Os velhos marinheiros ou o capitão de longo curso) is a Brazilian modernist novel. It was written by Jorge Amado in 1961 and translated into English by Harriet de Onís in 1964.
 Saffy's Angel is the first novel in the Casson Family series written by Hilary McKay. The book is written about a family and their respective lives.
 Mad is an American humor magazine founded by editor Harvey Kurtzman and publisher William Gaines in 1952.
 The Daily Republican is an American daily newspaper published Mondays through Fridays in Marion Illinois. In 1987 the paper was acquired by Hollinger. Current owner GateHouse Media purchased roughly 160 daily and weekly newspapers from Hollinger in 1997.The newspaper covers Williamson County including the communities of Carterville Herrin Johnston City and Marion.
 Night Shift is the first collection of short stories by Stephen King first published in 1978. In 1980 Night Shift received the Balrog Award for Best Collection and in 1979 it was nominated as best collection for the Locus Award and the World Fantasy Award. Many of King's most famous short stories were included in this collection.
 If I Were a Boy (Albanian: Sikur t'isha djalë) is an Albanian Epistolary novel written by Haki Stërmilli in 1936. Written mostly in a form of diary entries it documents the struggle of the young female main protagonist Dija to adjust in an Albanian patriarchal society which was common during the time the novel was written in. Originally the novel was written in Gheg dialect.
 Miss Wyoming is a novel by Douglas Coupland. It was first published by Random House of Canada in January 2000.The novel follows two protagonists Susan Colgate a former Miss Wyoming and John Johnson a former action film producer. Both have experienced early success but now find themselves in terminal career decline and with a host of personal problems.
 Rip It Up is a weekly street press magazine in Adelaide Australia focusing on the local entertainment scene. The magazine provides a comprehensive gig and events guide strong local arts focus live gigs and album reviews interviews with local and international artists regular columns food news and reviews including bars and restaurants food trucks openings and more. New issues are released weekly on Thursdays.Rip It Up was first published in 1989 and now has released over 1000 issues.
 The Wolf Leader is an English translation by Alfred Allinson of Le Meneur de loups an 1857 fantasy novel by Alexandre Dumas. Allinson's translation was first published in London by Methuen in 1904 under the title The Wolf-Leader; the first American edition edited and somewhat cut by L. Sprague de Camp and illustrated by Mahlon Blaine was issued under the present title by Prime Press in 1950.
 failbetter is a quarterly online literary magazine.
 Chimes of Freedom: The Politics of Bob Dylan's Art is a major work on the music and politics of Bob Dylan written by Mike Marqusee (New York The New Press 2003 ISBN 1-56584-825-X).The book takes its title from the song Chimes of Freedom which is a transitional work between Dylan's earlier 'protest' style and his later more free-flowing obscure and poetic style.Marqusee discusses Dylan's early influence by Woody Guthrie his involvement with the protest movement his ready youthful empathy with the American Civil Rights Movement and with those in poverty within the USA; and his increasing disillusionment in the mid-sixties with protest politics. 
 Crocodile on the Sandbank is a historical mystery novel by Elizabeth Peters first published in 1975. It is the first in the Amelia Peabody series of novels and takes place in 1884-1885.
 The Journal of Engineering in Medicine Part H of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research across the field of engineering in medicine. The journal was first published under its current title in 1989 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 The Townsville Bulletin is a daily newspaper published in Townsville Queensland Australia. It is the only daily paper that serves the northern Queensland region. The paper has a print edition a free World Wide Web edition and a subscription digital edition.The newspaper is published by The North Queensland Newspaper Company Pty Ltd which is a subsidiary of News Limited.
 The Transformers: Headmasters was a four-issue comic book mini-series based in the fictional universe of the Transformers. The bi-monthly series was published by Marvel comics and was originally printed July 1987 through January 1988.Written by Bob Budiansky the miniseries was devised to introduce the characters from the 1986 Transformers movie and the 1987 toyline into the ongoing comic which happened in issue #38.
 Venus Versus Virus (ヴィーナス ヴァーサス ヴァイアラス Vīnasu Vāsasu Vaiarasu) is a Japanese manga series created by Atsushi Suzumi which was first serialized on June 27 2005 in MediaWorks' shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao!. The manga ended serialization in Dengeki Comic Gao! on February 27 2008 due to the magazine's discontinuation but the manga continued serialization in ASCII Media Works' manga magazine Dengeki Daioh between March 21 and July 26 2008.
 The Canton Register was an English newspaper founded by Scottish merchants James Matheson and his nephew Alexander together with Philadelphian William Wightman Wood the first editor. First published in Canton on November 8 1827 and printed every two weeks it was one of China's first English-language newspapers.
 The Light Fantastic is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett the second of the Discworld series. It was published in 1986. The title is a quote from a poem by John Milton and in the original context referred to dancing lightly with extravagance.The events of the novel are a direct continuation of those in the preceding book The Colour of Magic (the only Discworld novel to follow on in this manner).
 Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker first published in 1914 two years after Stoker's death.
 USA/From Where We Stand: Readings in Contemporary American Problems is a non-fiction book published by Fearon Publishers in 1970.The book's editor was then-Assemblyman for California's 27th District Leo J. Ryan. Ryan later went on to become a United States Representative from California's 11th congressional district. Ryan was assassinated by members of Peoples Temple in Guyana. He was posthumously awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 1983.
 For the television series of the same name see The Carrie Diaries (TV series)The Carrie Diaries is a book series written by Candace Bushnell. The series is a prequel to Sex and the City and follows the character of Carrie Bradshaw during her senior year of high school during the early 1980s and part of her life in New York working as a writer. The Los Angeles Times described it as An addictive ingenious origin story.
 Knight Templar is the title of a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris first published in October 1930. This was the fourth book—and third full novel—featuring Charteris' Robin Hood-inspired anti-hero Simon Templar alias The Saint. The title of the book is a pun on the religious organization Knights Templar. Later editions were titled The Avenging Saint and the book is also well known by this title which was first used in a 1931 edition.
 Journal of Minimal Access Surgery (ISSN: Print - 0972-9941 Online - 1998-3921) is peer-reviewed open access journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Gastrointestinal Endo Surgeons.
 Aller Retour New York is a novel by American writer Henry Miller published in 1935 by Obelisk Press in Paris France.Published after his breakthrough book Tropic of Cancer Aller Retour New York takes the form of a long letter from Miller to his friend Alfred Perlès in Paris. In the book Miller describes his experiences on a trip back to New York City his birthplace in pursuit of his sometime lover Anaïs Nin who had left Paris for New York in the company of psychoanalyst Otto Rank.
 A ribbon of poems (Dutch: Een lent van vaerzen) was the literary debut of Dutch writer Louis Couperus. The collection of poetry A ribbon of poems (23 poems) received a good review by critic J.H.
 COMPUTE!'s Gazette (ISSN 0737-3716) was a computer magazine of the 1980s directed at users of Commodore's 8-bit home computers. Publishing its first issue in July 1983 the Gazette was a Commodore-only daughter magazine of the computer hobbyist magazine COMPUTE!.COMPUTE!'s Gazette contained both standard articles and type-in programs. Many of these programs were quite sophisticated and lengthy. To assist in entry Gazette published several utilities.
 Word Processor of the Gods is a short story by Stephen King first published in the January 1983 issue of Playboy magazine under the title The Word Processor and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 A Winter Pilgrimage: Being an Account of Travels through Palestine Italy and the Island of Cyprus in 1900 is a non fiction book by H Rider Haggard.
 True History of the Kelly Gang is a historical novel by Australian writer Peter Carey. It was first published in Brisbane by the University of Queensland Press in 2000. It won the 2001 Booker Prize and the Commonwealth Writers Prize in the same year. Despite its title the book is fiction and a variation on the Ned Kelly story.
 The Journal of Management Inquiry is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of management. The journal's editors are Nelson Phillips and Marvin Washington (University of Alberta). It was established in 1992 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Battle Angel Alita: Last Order known in Japan as Gunnm Last Order (銃夢Last Order Ganmu Rasuto Ōdā) is the continuation of the manga series Battle Angel Alita. It is created by Yukito Kishiro and tells the story of Alita (or Gally in the original Japanese version) continuing her quest to uncover her mysterious past.
 The Sentinel is an English daily newspaper launched in 1983 in the city of Guwahati in the state of Assam India. It is highly circulated in Assam and loved by people for its language and intellectual notion. It has five editions published simultaneously from Guwahati Dibrugarh Shillong Silchar and Itanagar. It caters to the entire North Eastern region of India.
 The Montreal Daily News was a short-lived English language Canadian daily newspaper in Quebec. Quebecor founder Pierre Péladeau and British tabloid publisher Robert Maxwell teamed up to launch a competing English-language newspaper against The Gazette.
 The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born is the debut novel by Ghanaian writer Ayi Kwei Armah. It was published in 1968. It tells the story of a nameless man who struggles to reconcile himself with the reality of post-independence Ghana.
 Trinity's Child is a 1983 novel by William Prochnau. The book depicts a nuclear war waged between the United States of America and the Soviet Union.During the waning years of the Cold War the United States has engaged in a massive military buildup hoping to press the economy of the Soviet Union to breaking point and so force them into political compromise. The break with real history comes here.
 Searchlight is a British magazine founded in 1975 by Gerry Gable which publishes exposés about racism antisemitism and fascism in the UK and elsewhere.Searchlight's main focus is on the British National Party (BNP) Combat 18 the English Defence League (EDL) and other sections of the Far right in the United Kingdom as well as covering similar entities in other countries. The magazine is published and edited by Gerry Gable.
 Feature Comics was a comic book anthology title published in the United States by Quality Comics from 1939 until 1950 that featured short stories in the superhero and humor genres. The series was a continuation of Feature Funnies a reprint collection of newspaper comic strips that was published by Harry A Chesler between 1937 and 1939 for twenty issues. Feature Comics continued the numbering with issue #21 and ran until #144.
 The Prophet is a book of 26 prose poetry essays written in English by the Lebanese artist philosopher and writer Kahlil Gibran. It was originally published in 1923 by Alfred A. Knopf. It is Gibran's best known work. The Prophet has been translated into over forty different languages and has never been out of print.
 The Oregon Journal was Portland Oregon's daily afternoon newspaper from 1902 to 1982. The Journal was founded in Portland by C. S. Sam Jackson publisher of Pendleton Oregon's East Oregonian newspaper after a group of Portlanders convinced Jackson to help in the reorganization of the Portland Evening Journal. The firm owned several radio stations in the Portland area as well. In 1961 the Journal was purchased by S.I.
 Big Windup! (Japanese: おおきく振りかぶって Hepburn: Ōkiku Furikabutte) often shortened to just Ōfuri (おお振り) is a baseball manga series by Asa Higuchi serialized in the monthly seinen Afternoon magazine since 2003. It has been adapted into an anime TV series animated by A-1 Pictures which premiered in Japan on TBS.
 The Albuquerque Tribune was an afternoon newspaper in Albuquerque New Mexico founded in 1922 by Carlton Cole Magee as Magee's Independent. It was published in the afternoon and evening Monday through Saturday.On February 20 2008 E. W. Scripps Company announced that the Tribune would close effective February 23 2008. The closure followed a seven-month effort by the company to sell the paper which had declined in circulation from 42000 in 1988 to about 10000 in 2008.
 Primary Colors: A Novel of Politics is a roman à clef a work of fiction that purports to describe real life characters and events — namely Bill Clinton's first presidential campaign in 1992. It has been compared to two other novels about American politics; Robert Penn Warren's All the King's Men (1946) and O: A Presidential Novel (2011).The book was originally published by an anonymous author who was later found to be columnist Joe Klein.
 Kamen Rider SD (仮面ライダーSD Kamen Raidā Esu Dī Masked Rider Super Deformed) is the collective title for a series of media released in the 1990s that are based on Toei's popular Kamen Rider Series. It features super deformed versions of the various Kamen Riders featured from Kamen Rider through Black RX placed in a cartoonish world where each enemy of the Riders has banded together under the command of the Great Leader under the name Gran Shocker.
 Live Bait is the second book by author P. J. Tracy. It follows on from her first book Monkeewrench and has the same principal characters. This book starts with the death of an elderly man which at closer inspection looks like an execution.
 Contes et nouvelles en vers (French: Tales and Novellae in Verse) is an anthology of various ribald short stories and novellae collected and versified by Jean de La Fontaine. Claude Barbin of Paris published the collection in 1665.La Fontaine drew from several French and Italian works of the 15th and 16th centuries among them The Decameron of Giovanni Boccaccio Ludovico Ariosto's Orlando Furioso Antoine de la Sale's collection Cent Nouvelles Nouvelles and the work of Bonaventure des Périers.
 Kagen no Tsuki (下弦の月 lit. Last Quarter of the Moon) is a three-volume shōjo manga series by Ai Yazawa. It was first published in Ribon a manga magazine primarily read by teenaged girls. In 2004 it was adapted into a live-action movie. The film has been released in the USA by Geneon Entertainment but as yet the manga has no official English translation.
 Not to be confused with Worlds chat.Worlds is a collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by Eric Flint. It was first published in hardcover and ebook format by Baen Books in February 2009; a paperback edition was issued by the same publisher in October 2011.The collection consists of ten short works of fiction together with a preface introductory notes introducing the individual stories and a bibliography of the author's works.
 The Theory of Money and Credit is an economics book written by Ludwig von Mises originally published in German as Theorie des Geldes und der Umlaufsmittel in 1912. Along with Carl Menger's Principles of Economics and Eugen von Böhm-Bawerk's Capital and Interest it is among the foundational works of the Austrian School.Its first English translation was published in 1934 and Part Four was added by Mises to the English language edition in 1953.
 The Illusionist published in 1995 is a novel by Irish author Jennifer Johnston and considered one of her best works. It gained positive reviews in The Irish Times Times Literary Supplement and the New Statesman.
 Metropolitan is an arcanepunk novel by Walter Jon Williams first published in 1995 and nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in the same year. A sequel City on Fire was published in 1997.
 The American Journal of Human Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering human biology. It is the official publication of the Human Biology Association (formerly known as the Human Biology Council). The journal publishes original research theoretical articles reviews and other communications connected to all aspects of human biology health and disease.
 Daughter of Fortune (original Spanish title Hija de la fortuna) is a novel by Isabel Allende and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in February 2000.
 Ethan Brand—A Chapter from an Abortive Romance (originally The Unpardonable Sin) is a short story written by Nathaniel Hawthorne in 1850 and first published by Ticknor Reed and Fields in 1852 in The Snow-Image and Other Twice-Told Tales the author's final collection of short stories. Hawthorne originally planned a lengthy work about Brand but completed only this piecer. Hawthorne's inspiration was a lime kiln he saw burning while climbing Mount Greylock.
 Beauty is the Beast (Japanese: 美女が野獣 Hepburn: Bijo ga Yaju) is a manga series written and illustrated by Tomo Matsumoto published in English by Viz Media's Shojo Beat.
 Rive-Sud Express is a free French-language weekly tabloid newspaper based in Boucherville Quebec Canada. The newspaper is distributed to 145000 homes in cities of Boucherville Longueuil (boroughs of Le Vieux-Longueuil Saint-Hubert and Greenfield Park) Brossard and Saint-Lambert. Rive-Sud Express is owned by Transcontinental Media the same owners of various other regional weekly newspapers across Quebec.
 Moribito II: Guardian of Darkness is the second book in the Moribito series a series of fantasy novels by Japanese author Nahoko Uehashi. It was written in 1999 and published by Kaisei-Sha Publishing Co. Ltd. in hardcover format and by Shinchosha in bunkoban format. The English translation was published in 2009 by Arthur A. Levine Books an imprint of Scholastic.
 The New Journal and Guide is a regional weekly newspaper based out of Norfolk Virginia and serves the Hampton Roads area. The weekly focuses on local and national African-American news sports and issues and has been in circulation since 1900.Begun in Norfolk in 1900 by the Supreme Lodge Knights of Gideon a Black fraternal order it was originally called the Gideon Safe Guide.
 The Lewis Flyer newspaper is the official student publication of Lewis University. The Lewis Flyer newspaper is owned and published by Lewis University. Lewis University is a private Roman Catholic and Lasallian university with an enrollment around 5200 students.As a student publication The Lewis Flyer newspaper's purpose is to provide a learning laboratory for students to practice journalistic skills in the Lewis University Communication Department Journalism program.
 Quiz Kids (sometimes Puzzler Quiz Kids) is a children's puzzle magazine. Launched in 1987 it is the longest-running magazine of this genre. Based in the UK each issue comprises crosswords dot-to-dots spot the differences word searches and various other challenges created for children aged 7–12. The puzzles are created specially for the magazine in line with the guidelines of the UK's National Curriculum.
 Vascular Pharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of biology and pharmacology of the vascular system. It was established in 1970 as Comparative and General Pharmacology and renamed to General Pharmacology: The Vascular System in 1975 before obtaining its current name in 2002. The journal is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Raffaele De Caterina (University of Chieti).
 Photodermatology Photoimmunology and Photomedicine is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published bimonthly by Wiley-Blackwell which focusses as its title implies on photodermatology photoimmunology and photomedicine. Warwick L. Morison is editor-in-chief. It is the official journal of the Photomedicine Society the British Photodermatology Group and the European Society for Photodermatology.
 The Journal of Defense Modeling and Simulation is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of engineering especially modeling and simulation as it relates to the military and defense. The editor-in-chief is Jerry M. Couretas (Lockheed Martin Corporation). It was established in 2004 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Modeling and Simulation International.
 Dead and Alive is the third novel in the first trilogy of Dean Koontz's Frankenstein series. Originally intended to be co-authored by Ed Gorman and Dean Koontz Koontz stated that he would be writing this alone.
 The Separation is the 32nd book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by the two 'halves' of Rachel. This is the only numerical book written by her and not a ghostwriter between #26 and #53.
 The Journal of Low Temperature Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal including original papers and review articles in the area of low temperature physics and cryogenics. Special issues dedicated to a particular topic are published as well. The journal appears once a month. It has an impact factor of 1.034 (2008). The journal was founded by John G. Daunt in 1969 and is currently edited by Horst Meyer Mikko Paalanen and Neil S. Sullivan.
 The Journal of the American College of Cardiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of cardiovascular disease including original clinical studies experimental investigations with clear clinical relevance state-of-the-art papers viewpoints and editorials and essays interpreting and commenting on the research presented.
 The Athens Messenger is a daily newspaper published in Athens Ohio United States serving Athens and the surrounding communities of Athens County.The Athens Messenger was established in 1848 and became a daily publication in 1904. It has a daily circulation of about 10000 and a weekly circulation of about 12000 Sunday. The newspaper was owned and published by Brown Publishing Company which publishes more than fifteen daily newspapers and over sixty weekly newspapers.
 The Schoolgirl was a British 28-page weekly story paper aimed at girls subsequently reduced to 24 pages. Launched on 21 February 1922 it was published by Amalgamated Press.
 Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage (色彩を持たない多崎つくると、彼の巡礼の年 Shikisai o Motanai Tazaki Tsukuru to Kare no Junrei no Toshi) is a novel by Haruki Murakami published in 2013. It was the first he wrote since publishing book three of 1Q84 three years earlier.As of February 2014 its English-language translation (by Philip Gabriel) is expected for 12 August 2014 from Knopf.
 Bambi and Her Pink Gun (バンビ Banbi) is a manga series by Atsushi Kaneko. It centers on a sixteen-year-old girl named Bambi who has kidnapped a young boy from a crazy vampire star and is taking him back to the 'Old Men'. The story is extremely violent with every new scene taking on a different look and feel (Western Latino the 40s traditional Japanese etc.)
 Blinky Bill is an anthropomorphic koala and children's fictional character created by New Zealand-born Australian author Dorothy Wall. The character of Blinky first appeared in Brooke Nicholls' 1933 book Jacko - the Broadcasting Kookaburra which was illustrated by Wall. Wall then featured Blinky Bill in a series of her own books including Blinky Bill: The Quaint Little Australian Blinky Bill Grows Up and Blinky Bill and Nutsy.
 The Black Unicorn is the second novel in the Magic Kingdom of Landover series by Terry Brooks and the follow-up to Magic Kingdom for Sale -- SOLD!. Published in 1987 the book revolves around the evil wizard Meeks attempting to wrest control of the kingdom from Ben Holiday the High Lord and the appearance of a mythical black unicorn in the kingdom.
 Togari - The Sword of Justice (トガリ Togari) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshinori Natsume. The story follows orphan Tobei who was beheaded for committing countless crimes in the Edo period and sent to Hell where he suffered for 300 years. The regent of Hell makes Tobei an offer to slay 108 Togas (spiritual manifestations of sin) in 108 days in 21st-century Japan with Togari a magical sword.
 cultural geographies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research and commentaries on the cultural appropriation and politics of nature environment place and space. The journal was established in 1994 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Faith & Family was a quarterly periodical published by Bayard Inc. about Catholic living with a particular emphasis on marriage and motherhood. The online version of the magazine featured a daily blog with posts about food culture health family life and life in the Church. Faith & Family Magazine received the Catholic Press Association's Best General Interest Magazine award six years in a row.
 For Heaven's Sake is a comic strip by Mike Morgan with a religious humor theme. It is syndicated by Creators Syndicate.
 Tuula is a Swedish humor comic strip by the cartoonist Arja Kajermo.The strip's main characters are Tuula a Finnish immigrant working as a nurse and her partner Seppo.The strip is published every Sunday in the Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter.
 Women and Economics – A Study of the Economic Relation Between Men and Women as a Factor in Social Evolution is a book written by Charlotte Perkins Gilman and published in 1898.
 Ai City (アイ・シティ Ai Shiti trans. Love City) is a Japanese science fiction manga created by Shuuhou Itahashi (板橋しゅうほう Itahashi Shuuhou) a.k.a. SYUFO. The story was later adapted into an anime film directed by Kōichi Mashimo and released on July 26 1986.
 Bright's Passage is the debut novel by singer/songwriter Josh Ritter. It is published by Dial Press and was released June 28 2011. The entire first chapter had been previously released for free download on Ritter's official website.
 Projections: The Journal for Movies and Mind is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal that explores the way in which the mind experiences understands and interprets the audio-semantic and narrative structures of cinema and other visual media. It is published by Berghahn Books in association with The Society for Cognitive Studies of the Moving Image and The Forum for Movies and Mind and it is edited by Ira Konigsberg.
 Bloody Wolf's Darkness Blue: Fist of the North Star - Rei Side-Story (蒼黒の餓狼 -北斗の拳 レイ外伝- Sōkoku no Garō Hokuto no Ken Rei Gaiden) is a manga series authored by Yasuyuki Nekoi that was serialized in the Weekly Comic Bunch from 2007 throughout 2009 lasting six collected editions. It is a spinoff of Fist of the North Star by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara and the second one published in Comic Bunch following Legends of the Dark King.
 Journal of Positive Behavior Interventions is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editors are V. Mark Durand (University of South Florida St. Petersburg) and Lee Kern (Lehigh University). It has been in publication since 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with The Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 The Anorak is a play about the École Polytechnique massacre and the life and death of Marc Lépine written by Adam Kelly. The play is a 90 minute dramatic monologue told from the killer's point of view. In the performances audience members are separated between men and women with the actor speaking to the men exclusively for the first 80 minutes. Only during the detailed description of the massacre are the women in the audience addressed.
 Development and Change is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Institute of Social Studies. The journal was established in 1970 and covers development studies and social change. Specific topics of interest are international agencies macroanalysis non-governmental organizations public policy social structure and sustainability.
 Quentins is a 2002 novel by Irish author Maeve Binchy.
 Known and Unknown: A Memoir is an autobiographical book by Donald Henry Rumsfeld an American politician and businessman who served as Secretary of Defense from 1975 to 1977 and again from 2001 to 2006 (among many other positions). He published it through Penguin Group USA in February 2011. It covers a variety of his experiences such as working as a Republican in the U.S.
 A Short History of the World is a period-piece non-fictional historic work by H.G. Wells first published by Cassell & Co Ltd Publishing in 1922. It was first published in Penguin Books in 1936. It was republished under Penguin Classics in 2006.
 The Tufts Daily known on campus simply as The Daily is the student newspaper at Tufts University in Medford Massachusetts. Its first issue was published on February 25 1980.
 The Chick is in the Mail is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Esther M. Friesner with the assistance of Martin H. Greenberg with a cover by Larry Elmore. It consists of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in October 2000; a hardcover edition was issued the same year.
 The Last Unicorn: The Lost Version is a version of the original manuscript of The Last Unicorn by Peter S. Beagle originally written in 1962. It was printed as a 1000-copy limited edition hardcover by Subterranean Press in 2006.This slim volume contained Beagle's original 85-page unfinished start on the story plus a new introduction and afterword that set the fragment in context and discuss the differences between it and the complete novel published in 1968.
 Charaktery is a monthly journal published in the Poland. It is a psychology-based journal about relationships mental health and related topics written for a mass audience of non-psychologists.
 A Drink Before the War is the Shamus Award-winning debut novel by Dennis Lehane and was published in 1994. It is the first book in a series focusing on private investigators Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro.
 My Steve is a biographical account of Terri Irwin's life with her late husband the zoo owner and television personality Steve Irwin. It was published by Simon & Schuste Australia. Reviewer Bruce Elder wrote: Terri Irwin tells a simple story with considerable passion and straightforward honesty.
 Burst Ball Barrage!! Super B-Daman (爆球連発!!スーパービーダマン Bakkyū Renpatsu!! Sūpā Bī-Daman) is a Japanese manga series serialized in Coro Coro Comics based on Takara's B-Daman toy. It was first released in 1995. An anime series produced by Xebec was shown in TV Tokyo between January 1 1999 to October 1 1999.
 The Book of Jin is an official Chinese historical text covering the history of the Jin Dynasty from 265 to 420. It was compiled in 648 by a number of officials commissioned by the imperial court of the Tang Dynasty with chancellor Fang Xuanling as the lead editor drawing mostly from official documents left from earlier archives. A few essays in volumes 1 3 54 and 80 were composed by the Tang Dynasty's Emperor Taizong himself.
 Believers (ビリーバーズ Biriibaazu) is a Japanese seinen manga by Naoki Yamamoto and is his first weekly serial manga created entirely without the help of any assistants.Believers was first serialized in Weekly Big Comic Spirits between May and November 1999 and is published in two tankōbon by Shogakukan. The plot to Believers revolves around themes of sexual desire and the line between dreams and reality.
 Melting Stones a fantasy novel by young adult author Tamora Pierce was released by Full Cast Audio as an audiobook original in October 2007 and was released in print form by Scholastic in the summer of 2008.The book takes place after the events of Street Magic and the 2013 novel Battle Magic and around the same time as the 2005 novel The Will of the Empress.
 Not Without Laughter is a novel written by Langston Hughes and published in 1930. It is Hughes' first novel and first major work of prose.
 Into Hot Air is a 2007 book written by American comedian and author Chris Elliott and published by the Weinstein Company in the United States.The book is a parody of celebrity and adventure memoirs. Its title references Jon Krakauer's 1996 Into Thin Air a memoir of an expedition to climb Mount Everest that resulted in the deaths of eight climbers.
 Canadian Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association. The journal was established in 1950 and publishes articles in areas of theory research and practice that are potentially of interest to a broad cross-section of psychologists. The editor-in-chief is Martin Drapeau (McGill University).
 The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the third novel in Inspector Morse series.
 The Journal of Mind and Behavior is a peer-reviewed academic journal in psychology published by the University of Maine Department of Psychology on behalf of The Institute of Mind and Behavior.The journal publishes theoretical articles and literature reviews on the philosophy of psychiatry theories of consciousness and treatises on the history of psychology but not empirical work.
 Fear the Darkness is an original science fiction novel written by Mitchel Scanlon and based on the British comic strip Anderson:Psi Division (a spin-off from Judge Dredd) in 2000 AD. It is Scanlon's first Anderson novel.
 The FSView & Florida Flambeau is a for-profit newspaper owned by the Gannett Company that covers the on-campus events happenings and trends of the Florida State University as well as concerts museum and art exhibits movies literature and poetry readings and other events from the larger Tallahassee community. In early August 2006 the FSView made national news as being the first privately owned college-oriented newspaper to be bought by a major newspaper chain.
 The Human Angle is the second collection of science fiction stories by William Tenn published simultaneously in hardcover and paperback by Ballantine Books in 1956. Ballantine reprinted the collection in 1964 and 1968.
 The Sunday Herald is a Scottish Sunday newspaper launched on 7 February 1999. The ABC audited circulation in June 2012 showed sales of 26074 a historic low for the newspaper and a c.15% decrease for the calendar year the largest fall of any Sunday paper published in Scotland. Upcoming ABC figures show a circulation of closer to 23000 weekly.From the start it has combined a centre-left stance with support for Scottish devolution.
 Physics Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the teaching of physics at the secondary school and introductory undergraduate levels. Its scope includes ideas and guidance for classroom teaching demonstrations and laboratory experiments international news on education developments book reviews equipment and multimedia products. The editor-in-chief is Gary Williams. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Inspec and ERIC/CIJE.
 Ragged Dick; or Street Life in New York with the Boot Blacks is a Bildungsroman by Horatio Alger Jr. serialized in Student and Schoolmate in 1867 and released as a full length novel in May 1868 by then publisher A. K. Loring. It was the first volume in the six volume Ragged Dick Series and became Alger's all-time bestseller. The tale follows a poor boot black's rise to middle class respectability in 19th-century New York City. It had a favorable reception.
 Penticton Herald is a local newspaper in Penticton British Columbia founded in 1906 by W.J. Clement. It was first known as Penticton Press and later changed to Penticton Herald in 1910. The Herald also publishes Southern Exposure Okanagan Valley TV Guide and Real Estate Today. It is owned by Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd.
 Fleeting Rome: In Search of La Dolce Vita is a posthumous book by Italian Jewish writer and painter Carlo Levi which collects a number of his writings: correspondence documents photographic material from his exhibition catalogues mainly extracted from the Italian State Central Archive but also from other sources such as the Collection of Manuscripts by Modern and Contemporary Authors at the University of Pavia and the Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center at the University of Texas at Austin where Levi's Christ Stopped at Eboli is preserved.The book is a portrayal of everyday life in Rome from the end of World War II to the student movements of the 1960s. 
 Ape and Essence (1948) is a novel by Aldous Huxley published by Chatto & Windus in the UK and Harper & Brothers in the US. It is set in a dystopia similar to that in Brave New World Huxley's more famous work. It is largely a satire of the rise of large-scale warfare and warmongering in the 20th century and presents a pessimistic view of the politics of mutually assured destruction.
 ZigZag was a British rock music magazine. It was started by Pete Frame and the first edition rolled off the printing presses on 16 April 1969. The magazine was noted for its thorough interviews well-researched articles innovative rock family trees by Frame and support for American songwriters such as Michael Nesmith Mickey Newbury Gene Clark etc.It was edited by Pete Frame for the first 29 issues – up to February 1973.
 Bonner County Daily Bee has been a daily newspaper in Bonner County and North Idaho since 1965. Its main office is in Sandpoint Idaho.
 The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder is a 2008 book by former prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi. It argues that George W. Bush took the United States into the invasion of Iraq under false pretenses and should be tried for murder for the deaths of American soldiers in Iraq. The book sold over 130000 copies within its first three months of release.
 Father Goose's Year Book: Quaint Quacks and Feathered Shafts for Mature Children is a collection of humorous nonsense poetry written by L. Frank Baum author of the Oz books. It was published in 1907.The book was illustrated by Walter J. Enright; he was the husband of Maginel Wright Enright the artist who illustrated Baum's The Twinkle Tales (1906) Policeman Bluejay (1907) and L.
 The Cairngorms is a book published in various editions from 1928 intended as wide-ranging ‘handbook’ for walkers and climbers that describes the geology and geography of the mountainous region of Scotland known as the Cairngorms and its surrounding areas.
 Youcat short for Youth Catechism of the Catholic Church also styled as YOUCAT is a 2011 publication that aims to be an aid for youth to better understand the Catechism of the Catholic Church. The book drafted in the form of a conversation is intended for use by Catholic youths around the world and is available in 25 languages including Arabic and Chinese. Youcat is based on the Catechism of the Catholic Church (1997) and the Compendium of the Catechism of the Catholic Church (2005).
 Datum is an Austrian monthly magazine which is published in German language.
 The Süddeutsche Zeitung [ˈzyːtˌdɔʏtʃə ˈtsaɪtʊŋ] published in Munich is the largest German national subscription daily newspaper.
 Bach is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Riemenschneider Bach Institute (Baldwin Wallace University). It covers the study of Johann Sebastian Bach and Baroque music. The journal was established in 1970 and the editor-in-chief is Melvin Unger (Baldwin Wallace University).
 The Harvard Educational Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of opinion and research dealing with education associated with the Harvard Graduate School of Education and published by the Harvard Education Publishing Group. The journal was established in 1930.Since 1945 editorial decisions have been carried out by an autonomous graduate student editorial board. This student board works together to bring to publication manuscripts on a wide range of topics and from a number of disciplines.
 Hating America: The New World Sport (ISBN 0-06-058010-0) is a 2004 book by John Gibson a Fox News pundit. The book discusses world reaction to the foreign policy of the United States after the September 11 Terrorist Attacks.The book received mixed reviews typically down partisan and ideological lines.
 The Immortals by Tracy Hickman is a science fiction novel originally published in hardcover by Roc. The novel describes a future America in which a virus similar to AIDS has panicked the U.S. government into setting up internment camps to contain the sufferers. Published in 1996 the AIDS-like disease serves as backdrop and plot device to examine human relationships in circumstances of extreme duress.
 Motarjem (Persian: مترجم ; Persian for translator) is a quarterly magazine published in Mashhad in Iran dedicated to translation. It is published privately by Ali Khazaee Far. Its contributors include Karim Emami Abdollah Kowsari Goli Emami and others.
 The Press of Atlantic City is the fourth largest daily newspaper in New Jersey. Based in Pleasantville New Jersey it is the primary newspaper for southeastern New Jersey and the Jersey Shore. The Newspaper Designated Market runs from Waretown in Southern Ocean county (exit 69 on the Garden State Parkway) down to Cape May (exit 0). It also reaches west to Cumberland County New Jersey.
 Falce e Martello (English: Hammer and Sickle) was an Italian-language communist weekly newspaper published as the organ of the Communist Party of Switzerland in Ticino.
 Socialism or Barbarism is a book about globalism U.S. socialism and capitalist systems by Hungarian Marxist philosopher and Professor Emeritus István Mészáros. It was published in 2001 and is composed of two parts the first part is an expanded version of an essay of the same title originally published in 2000; the second part consists of an interview conducted in 1998.Mészáros' is convinced that the future of socialism will be decided in the U.S.A.
 Spoken from the Heart is a memoir by former United States First Lady Laura Bush. Journalist Lyric Winik assisted Bush in writing the book.
 Abba Abba was published in 1977. It is English writer Anthony Burgess's 22nd novel.The theme is the last months in the life of John Keats.
 Hospital subtitled A Dream-Vision is a 2007 novel by Toby Litt describing surreal events in a large hospital around the framing device of an unnamed boy's attempts to find the exit. It is Litt's eighth novel and was originally published by Hamish Hamilton.
 The Poisoned Chocolates Case (1929) is a detective novel by Anthony Berkeley set in 1920s London in which a group of armchair detectives who have founded the Crimes Circle formulate theories on a recent murder case Scotland Yard has been unable to solve.
 Curious George Flies a Kite is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1958. It is the fifth book in the original Curious George series.
 Boneland is a 2012 novel by Alan Garner a sequel to The Weirdstone of Brisingamen and The Moon of Gomrath. The boy Colin from the earlier novels is now an adult still living near the top of Alderley Edge but now a Professor working at the nearby Jodrell Bank Observatory. His solitary home is a kit-built hut (A Bergli) in a quarry. He has a form of amnesia which means he remembers nothing from before the age of 13 including his twin sister and his childhood adventures.
 The Hedgehog the Fox and the Magister's Pox (2003) is Stephen Jay Gould's posthumous volume exploring the historically complex relationship between the sciences and the humanities in a scholarly discourse.Employing the Greek proverb about the crafty cunning fox that devises many strategies versus the persistent hedgehog who knows one effective strategy Gould offers a study of the division between the two ways of knowing attempting to debunk the commonly assumed inextricable conflict between science and the arts as the two falsely opposed realms of the pursuit of knowledge.
 Andromeda Klein is Frank Portman's second young adult novel published in 2009.The story focuses on high school occultist Andromeda who simultaneously tries to save her beloved local library from modernization and solve the various mysteries surrounding: her missing much-older boyfriend; the strange signs seemingly being sent to her from her recently deceased best friend Daisy; and her ever more prophetic tarot readings.
 Hinds' Feet on High Places is an allegorical novel by English author Hannah Hurnard. Hinds' Feet was written in 1955 and has become a very successful work of Christian fiction seeing new editions published as recently as July 2005.
 La Presse founded in 1936 is a large-circulation French-language daily newspaper published in Tunis Tunisia.
 A Nomad of the Time Streams is a compilation volume of Michael Moorcock's early steampunk trilogy begun in 1971 with The Warlord of the Air and continued by its 1974 and 1981 sequels The Land Leviathan and The Steel Tsar. The trilogy follows the adventures of Edwardian-era British Army Captain Oswald Bastable in alternate versions of the 20th century.
 The Minotaur is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell written under the pseudonym Barbara Vine. It was first published in 2005.
 Cel mai iubit dintre pământeni (English: The Most Beloved of Earthlings) is the last novel by the Romanian author Marin Preda. Written in 1980 it is an intricate fresco of Communist Romania and the horrors of the Stalinist era.
 Odysseus Acanthoplex (Ancient Greek: Ὀδυσσεὺς ἀκανθοπλήξ Odysseus Akanthoplēx Odysseus wounded by a spine; also known as Odysseus Wounded Odysseus Spine-struck and Odysseus Wounded by the Spine) is a lost play by the Athenian dramatist Sophocles. Several fragments are extant. The plot told of Odysseus' death accidentally killed by his son Telegonus.
 Etude de la Population Africaine/African Population Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering original research on African populations development and related fields. It was established in 1986 and is published by the Union for African Population Studies. The editor-in-chief is Clifford Odimegwu (University of the Witwatersrand).
 The Book of Lies is a novel written by Brad Meltzer which assumes a connection between the story of Cain and Abel and the superhero Superman written by Jerry Siegel. According to WorldCat the book is in 2133 libraries The book has been translated into Polish Hebrew Italian German and Korean.
 Sociological Methodology is an annual peer-reviewed academic journals that covers research methods in the field of sociology. The editor-in-chief is Tim Futing Liao (University of Essex). It was established in 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the American Sociological Association.
 House to House: A Soldier's Memoir is a 2007 memoir by Iraq War veteran and Silver Star recipient David Bellavia. The secondary author is John R. Bruning who also helped write the war memoir Outlaw Platoon (2012).
 Back of Sunset is a 1959 Australian novel from Jon Cleary. It is about Dr Stephen McCabe Sydney doctor who takes a working holiday with the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Western Australia. When the doctor who runs the practice is injured McCabe must step up in his absence as he deals with a variety of crises. The book received good reviews abroad.Jon Cleary also wrote a film script of the book for producer Lawrence Bachman but no movie resulted.
 Blacklist is a 2003 novel by crime writer Sara Paretsky featuring her popular protagonist Private Investigator V. I. Warshawski. It won the 2004 Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger.
 Filozofia is an academic journal of philosophy published by the Slovak Academy of Sciences. It publishes articles in Slovak Czech and English. The journal's scope includes metaphysics epistemology history of philosophy social philosophy philosophy of mind ethics philosophy of religion and related disciplines. The journal publishes 10 issues a year (each month with the exception of July and August).
 Rats Saw God is a young adult novel written by Rob Thomas published in 1996. It follows the main character Steve York the son of an astronaut. Steve is a high school student who has had issues with marijuana and has found himself in the counselor's office. The counselor tells him that he is flunking and if he wants to graduate he must write a 100-page paper about anything.
 The Messenger is mailed to more than 50000 households and is the third largest newspaper in Oklahoma in terms of paid subscriptions.Clarence P. Stealey moved to Oklahoma from West Virginia in 1909 to start the publication. The first edition of the newspaper coincided with the first annual meeting of the Oklahoma Southern Baptist Convention on May 12 1912.
 Toast is a play written in 1999 by English playwright Richard Bean. It premiered at the Royal Court Theatre London in 1999. The play tells the story of seven men who all work in a bread factory in Hull. One Sunday night Nellie is so worn down from a lifetime making dough he loses his vest in the mix.
 Dnyaprovets is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Falcondance is the third book in The Kiesha'ra Series by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes.Falcondance is narrated by Nicias Silvermead a nineteen-year-old peregrine falcon raised in Wyvern's Court. Danica and Zane's dream of creating Wyvern's Court has come true. Atwater-Rhodes now moves the narration from the first generation which ended the avian-serpiente violence to the second generation which will have to end the hatred between the two peoples.
 Grotto of the Dancing Deer is one of Clifford D. Simak's later short stories. It won the 1980 Nebula Award for Best Short Story and the 1981 Hugo Award for Best Short Story. It involves an archaeologist discovering an ancient painting and its painter.
 The Best of Frank Herbert (1975) is a collection of thirteen short stories written by science fiction author Frank Herbert and edited by Angus Wells. In 1976 this book was re-released as a two volume set; The Best of Frank Herbert 1952–1964 and The Best of Frank Herbert 1965–1970. All of the stories in this collection had been previously published in magazine or book form.
 Fitzpatrick's War is a work of post-apocalyptic fiction by Theodore Judson. It was first published by Daw Books in 2004.
 Five on a Treasure Island (published in 1942) is a popular children's book by Enid Blyton. It is the first book in The Famous Five series. The first edition of the book was illustrated by Eileen Soper.
 Human Factors: (The Journal of Human Factors and Ergonomics Society) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of ergonomics. The editor-in-chief is William S. Marras (Ohio State University). It was established in 1964 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
 The Times Record is an independently owned daily newspaper published five afternoons a week (Monday through Friday) in Brunswick Maine USA. The paper covers the Mid Coast region of Maine with offices in Brunswick. The paper covers the communities of Alna Arrowsic Bath Bowdoin Bowdoinham Brunswick Dresden Durham Freeport Georgetown Harpswell Lisbon Pownal Richmond West Bath Wiscasset and Woolwich.
 Septimus Heap: The Magykal Papers is a supplementary book to the Septimus Heap series. Released on July 2009 the book is divided into four sections dealing with The Castle The Palace The Wizard Tower and the other parts of the Septimus Heap world. It consists of biographies of the main characters their journals and notes and other items.
 Deadman's Road is a collection of one novel and four novellas by American writer Joe R. Lansdale. The old west zombie slaying monster fighting Reverend Jedidiah Mercer returns with the re-release of the influential pulp novel Dead in the West and four stories one never before collected one brand new.
 Tales of Unrest is a collection of short stories by Joseph Conrad originally published in 1898. Four of the five stories had been published previously in various magazines. This was the first published collection of any of Conrad's stories.
 The Legend of Qu'appelle Valley is a poem written by E. Pauline Johnson that tells the tale of a young Indian who upon returning from a hunting trip hears a voice. He replies: Qu'appelle or who calls but receives no answer save his echo. When he does return he discovers that the young woman he was to marry died suddenly and with her dying breath cried out his name. And thus the Qu'appelle Valley received its name.
 The Lace Reader (2009) is a novel by Brunonia Barry. The novel is set in Salem Massachusetts the American town famous for the Salem witch trials. The novel came to be well known for its unusual route to mainstream publishing.
 The New Zealand Woman's Weekly is a weekly New Zealand women's magazine published by APN News & Media. As of 2011 it has a circulation of 82040 third by paid sales after TV Guide and New Zealand Woman's Day.
 One Good Knight (2006) is the second novel in the Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms series by Mercedes Lackey. Characters from the first novel The Fairy Godmother are either mentioned or appear as secondary characters.
 The Road to Wigan Pier is a book by the British writer George Orwell first published in 1937. The first half of this work documents his sociological investigations of the bleak living conditions amongst the working class in Lancashire and Yorkshire in the industrial north of England before World War II. The second half is a long essay on his middle-class upbringing and the development of his political conscience questioning British attitudes towards socialism.
 The Examiner is the daily newspaper of the city of Launceston and north-eastern Tasmania Australia.
 Skios is a 2012 comic novel by Michael Frayn. The novel was published in May 2012 by Faber & Faber in the UK and by Metropolitan Books the following month in the US. It centres on a group of individuals on the fictional Greek island of Skios.
 The Man on the Balcony is the third novel in the detective series revolving around Swedish police detective Martin Beck and was written by Sjöwall and Wahlöö and originally published as Mannen på balkongen in 1967.
 Two Years' Vacation (French: Deux ans de vacances) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne published in 1888. The story tells of the fortunes of a group of schoolboys stranded on a deserted island in the South Pacific and of their struggles to overcome adversity. In his preface to the book Verne explains that his goals were to create a Robinson Crusoe-like environment for children and to show the world what the intelligence and bravery of a child was capable of when put to the test.
 Government Bullies: How Everyday Americans are Being Harassed Abused and Imprisoned by the Feds is a book by United States Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky. The book contains anecdotes of difficulties people have had dealing with agencies of the US federal government. The book was released in 2012 and is published by Center Street a main publishing division of Hachette Book Group USA. The forward to the book was written by Paul's father Ron Paul.
 Bedelia is a novel by Vera Caspary first published in 1945 about a couple of newlyweds where the initially blissfully happy husband finds out during the first months of their marriage that his wife may have a criminal past.
 Jataka Bharanam is an old treatise on Hindu astrology mainly dealing with the Phalita i.e. predictive astrology. This Sanskrit text is believed to have been written by Dhundiraja the commentator of Mudrarakshasa sometime during the 15th Century A.D. Dhundiraja lived in Parthanagar near River Godavari.
 Summer Gone is the first novel by Canadian writer David Macfarlane. Published in 1999 by Knopf Canada Summer Gone was a national bestseller in Canada. It was nominated for the Giller Prize and won the Books in Canada First Novel Award.
 Professional Foul is a play written by Czech-born British playwright Tom Stoppard. It was first published in 1977 and was filmed for BBC television and broadcast in September of the same year.The play is set in Prague and follows the character of Professor Anderson a Cambridge don on a weekend visit to a philosophical colloquium.
 Echoes of Honor is the eighth Honor Harrington novel by David Weber.The novel is divided into six books. Books 1 3 and 5 describe the unfolding course of the Manticore-Haven war while Books 2 4 and 6 focus on the exploits of Honor and her allies on the prison planet Hades also known as Hell.
 The Deceiver is a novel by Frederick Forsyth about a retiring agent of the British SIS named Sam McCready. He is the head of Deception Disinformation and Psychological Operations and his maverick but brilliant successes have led to his nickname The Deceiver.
 iWoz: From Computer Geek to Cult Icon: How I Invented the Personal Computer Co-Founded Apple and Had Fun Doing It (ISBN 0-393-06143-4) is a 2006 autobiography of Steve Wozniak. It was authored by Wozniak and California author and journalist Gina Smith and published by W. W. Norton & Company.In iWoz Wozniak gives a short history of his life the founding of Apple Computer and some of his other ventures.
 Money and Power: How Goldman Sachs Came to Rule the World is the third book written by William D. Cohan. It chronicles the history of Goldman Sachs from its founding to the subprime mortgage crisis of 2008. First published as hardcover on March 29 2011 the book has been reprinted soon thereafter on April 12 2011 by Doubleday again. The text has been reprinted as paperback on January 10 2012 by Penguin Books. Since April 12 2011 there exist several editions of e-books. William D.
 An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter by César Aira was first published in 2000. Chris Andrews’ English translation was published by New Directions in 2006.
 The Puppet Designer(also known as Der Bashafer fun Marionetn) is a musical chamber work in Yiddish for baritone and chamber orchestra by Nicholas Lens.The work was commissioned by the Jewish community of Belgium to commemorate the liberation of the concentration camps.
 Fair Land Fair Land is a 1982 Western novel in a sequence of six by A. B. Guthrie Jr. dealing with the Oregon Trail and the development of Montana from 1830 the time of the mountain men to the cattle empire of the 1880s to the near present.. In order of publication Fair Land Fair Land is the sixth and last of this western sequence.
 Champak (Hindi: चंपक) is a popular monthly magazine for children published by the Delhi Press Group since 1968 in India. Champak competes with Amar Chitra Katha's Tinkle and Geodesic's Chandamama brands of magazines. Champak is published twice a month.
 Suicide and Life Threatening Behavior is a peer-reviewed academic journal published six times per year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Suicidology. The journal was established in 1971 by Edwin S. Shneidman. Its current editor-in-chief is Thomas Joiner (Florida State University).
 The Commentarii Mathematici Helvetici is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in mathematics published by the European Mathematical Society with support from the Schweizerische Akademie der Naturwissenschaften and the Stiftung zur Förderung der mathematischen Wissenschaften in der Schweiz. The Swiss Mathematical Society started the journal in 1929 after a meeting in May of the previous year. The scope of the journal includes research articles in all aspects in mathematics.
 The Journal of Continuing Education in Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal published by Slack. It was established in 1970 and publishes original articles for continuing education in nursing.
 El Ferrocarril was a liberal Chilean newspaper created in 1855 to support the administration of president Manuel Montt. The newspaper was published for a last time on September 20 of 1911.
 Phänomenologie des Geistes (1807) is Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel's most important and widely discussed philosophical work. Hegel's first book it describes the three-stage dialectical life of Spirit. The title can be translated as either The Phenomenology of Spirit or The Phenomenology of Mind because the German word Geist has both meanings. The book's working title which also appeared in the first edition was Science of the Experience of Consciousness.
 The Sound of One Hand Clapping is a 1997 novel by Australian author Richard Flanagan. The title is adapted from the famous Zen kōan of Hakuin Ekaku. The Sound of One Hand Clapping was Flanagan's second novel.
 Critical Arts is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing articles which examine how disciplines represented by cultural and media studies think about themselves in terms of critical dialogues generated within the South-North relationship with special reference to Africa. It was established in 1980 and is published by Routledge and UNISA Press.
 Conan of Venarium is a fantasy novel written by Harry Turtledove and edited by Teresa Nielsen Hayden featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
 Murphy is the first novel in Murphy series by Gary Paulsen. It was published in January 1987 by Walker & Company.
 William L. Nagle's book The Odd Angry Shot based on his own experience in 3 SAS Australian Army portrays the boredom mateship humour and fear of a group of Australian soldiers deployed to South Vietnam in the late 1960s. The book was made into a movie of the same name The Odd Angry Shot.
 Ljubezni Sinjebradca is a novel by Slovenian author Vinko Möderndorfer. It was first published in 2005.
 This article is about the journal Forktail; for information about the bird from which it takes its name see Forktail.Forktail is the annual peer-reviewed journal of the Oriental Bird Club. It contains material about birds of the Oriental region. Each issue is A4 in size with an emerald green cover.
 The Rag and Bone Shop (2001) is a book written by Robert Cormier. The book was published posthumously in 2001; Cormier died in 2000. The novel takes its name from the final line of William Butler Yeats's poem The Circus Animals' Desertion.
 The Chicago Daily News was an afternoon daily newspaper published between 1876 and 1978 in Chicago Illinois United States.
 Latgales Laiks is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Thirteen Steps Down (2004) is a psychological thriller novel by Ruth Rendell.Its publication in the UK marked Rendell's 40th anniversary of being published and all hardcover copies of the book had a special promotional notice on the cover celebrating this.
 From Here to Eternity is the debut novel of American author James Jones published by Scribner's in 1951. It is loosely based on Jones' experiences in the pre-World War II Hawaiian Division's 27th Infantry and the unit in which he served Company E (The Boxing Company).
 Shoxx (stylized as SHOXX) is a Japanese music magazine published monthly by Ongakusenkasha. It focuses on Japan's visual kei scene featuring its most popular bands as well as new ones. It is advertised as a Visual and Hard Shock magazine on each cover.Each issue costs about 930 yen. Different artists are featured on the cover every month along with a 20-page feature which covers them through in-depth profiles and interviews and a poster of the cover star.
 Psychological Injury and Law is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Association for Scientific Advancement in Psychological Injury and Law. It was established in 2008 and the editor-in-chief is Gerald Young (York University). The journal covers forensic psychology especially the interaction of psychology and law in the area of trauma and injury.
 Aujourd'hui Le Maroc is a daily francophone Moroccan newspaper. It was launched in 2001 by ALM Publishing. Aujourd'hui Le Maroc is a general-information politically independent newspaper. It has a daily distribution of 20000.
 The Castle of Iron is the title of a fantasy novella by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt and to the novel into which it was later expanded by the same authors. It was the third story (and afterwards the second volume) in their Harold Shea series. As a 35000 word novella it was first published in the fantasy magazine Unknown for April 1941.
 ¡Hola! is a weekly Spanish-language magazine specializing in celebrity news published in Spain and 13 other countries with local editions in Argentina Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile Greece Mexico Peru Philippines Russia Thailand United Kingdom United States and Venezuela.
 Little Hands Clapping is a novel by British author Dan Rhodes published in 2010 by Canongate. Its title comes from a line in Robert Browning's poem The Pied Piper of Hamelin.
 Daily Lahore Post (Urdu: روزنامہ لاہور پوسٹ ‎) is an Urdu language newspaper based in Lahore Pakistan. It was established in 1996.
 Hell and High Water: Global Warming — the Solution and the Politics — and What We Should Do is a book by author scientist and former U.S. Department of Energy official Joseph J. Romm published December 26 2006. The author is one of the world's leading experts on clean energy advanced vehicles energy security and greenhouse gas mitigation.The book warns of dire consequences to the U.S. and the world if wide-scale environmental changes are not enacted by the U.S.
 2894 or The Fossil Man (A Midwinter Night's Dream) is an 1894 utopian novel written by Walter Browne.
 Révolutions is a novel by French writer and Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio. No English translation has yet been published.
 Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Checkmate is a 2006 novel set in the Splinter Cell series and a prequel to the 2005 novel Operation Barracuda. Checkmate like the previous two books was written under the pseudonym David Michaels although the previous two books were written by Raymond Benson.
 Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories (ISBN 978-1-59606-128-6) is an original collection featuring a novel and other short literary works by science fiction author Philip José Farmer edited by Christopher Paul Carey published in 2007. All of the works in the book written by Farmer previously appeared in the periodical Farmerphile: The Magazine of Philip José Farmer between the years 2005–2007.
 Lethaia is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal of Earth science covering research on palaeontology and stratigraphy. Now published by Wiley-Blackwell it was originally published by the International Commission on Stratigraphy. It is an official publication of the International Palaeontological Association and the International Commission on Stratigraphy.
 The Survivors is a science fiction novel by author Tom Godwin. It was published in 1958 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies of which 1084 were never bound. The novel was published in paperback by Pyramid Books in 1960 under the title Space Prison. The novel is an expansion of Godwin's story Too Soon to Die which first appeared in the magazine Venture.
 Flare is a Canadian fashion magazine. It is published by Rogers Communications.Flare magazine was created by Maclean-Hunter publishing in 1979 as a rebranding of Miss Chatelaine magazine. Flare promotes itself as Canada's Fashion magazine.[citation needed] While cover stories often feature American or international stars Flare otherwise focuses largely on Canadian content and its role in international art fashion and media.
 Bones are Forever is the fifteenth novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 The Emily Dickinson Journal (EDJ) is a biannual academic journal founded in 1991 and is the official publication of the Emily Dickinson International Society. The journal provides an ongoing examination of Emily Dickinson one of the most influential American poets and her place in women’s literature. The current editor is Cristanne Miller (University at Buffalo The State University of New York). The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 The Indiscreet Jewels (French: Les bijoux indiscrets) is the first novel by Denis Diderot published anonymously in 1748. It is an allegory that portrays Louis XV as the sultan Mangogul of the Congo who owns a magic ring that makes women's genitals (jewels) talk.A comparable trope that Diderot must have known is found in the ribald fabliau Le Chevalier Qui Fist parler les Cons.
 Children of Paradise is a collection of poetry by American poet Liz Rosenberg
 Food Network Magazine is a monthly food entertainment magazine founded by Hearst Corporation and Scripps Networks Interactive based on the latter's popular television network Food Network. The magazine debuted in 2008 originally as two newsstand-only test issues to be followed by the first official issue in June 2009. As of 2010 it reaches 5 million readers with each issue with a 1.35 million circulation. It is now published 10 times a year.
 Literary Reflections (1993) was written by American author James A. Michener.A compilation of previously published materials with updates and an Introduction written by Mr. Michener in 1993.
 Saint Peter's Fair is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in July – September 1139. It is the fourth novel in The Cadfael Chronicles first published in 1981 (1981 in literature). The story occurs during The Anarchy in the English town of Shrewsbury.It was adapted for television in 1997 by Central for ITV.
 La vereda del destino (The Sidewalk of Destiny in English) is the first book of the Uruguayan Horacio López Usera.
 The Planet S is a bi-weekly newspaper based in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. Planet S is published bi-weekly on Thursday.
 Le Club des bandes dessinées (French for The Club of Comics) was the first organized association of French devotees to the comic strip as art form. It was founded in May 1962. In 1964 the Club was renamed the Centre d'Etudes d'expression of Littératures Graphique (CELEG or Center for Studies of Graphic Literary Expression).The club was initially devoted to the comics of the 1930s and 1940s but its field of interest gradually extended to contemporary comics as well.
 Just a Wife is a 1910 play by Eugene Walter that was adapted to silent film in 1920. It was performed on Broadway at the Belasco Theatre in 1910 and was made into a silent film released in 1920 and directed by Howard C. Hickman.
 The College Heights Herald is the student newspaper of Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green Kentucky United States. It is free and distributed throughout the campus and city. The school provides staff support and facilities for the newspaper but does not exercise editorial control. Called The Herald for short the publication is supported through the sale of advertising and is entirely student-run.
 Brief Lives is a British play about John Aubrey a 17th-century Englishman who met and kept accounts of many of the famous men of his day including René Descartes Thomas Hobbes and Christopher Wren. It premiered in 1967 and became one of the most successful one person shows in history. Roy Dotrice played Aubrey in many productions.The play came out of an episode about Aubrey in Famous Gossips (1965) the BBC television series Garland made with Alan Bennett.
 Szilágy was a Hungarian language weekly newspaper published between 1883 and 1910 in Szilágy County Kingdom of Hungary with its headquarters in Zilah (present-day Zalău Romania).
 Memories of Ice is the third volume of Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series the Malazan Book of the Fallen. Memories of Ice is also a direct sequel to the first volume in the series Gardens of the Moon occurring chronologically at the same time as the second volume Deadhouse Gates.Memories of Ice focuses on the renegade Malazan 2nd Army and their new allies on Genabackis and their battle with the Pannion Domin a new power emerging from the south of the continent.
 Biology of Reproduction is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official journal of the Society for the Study of Reproduction. It is published with the assistance of HighWire Press. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.027 ranking it 5th out of 28 journals in the category Reproductive Biology.
 The Confession is a 2010 legal thriller novel by John Grisham his second novel to be published in 2010 (the previous was Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer). The novel is about the murder of a high school cheerleader and how an innocent man is arrested for it. This was Grisham's first novel to be released simultaneously in digital and hardcopy format.
 Races of Eberron (ISBN 0-7869-3658-4) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Phaedon (German: Phädon oder über die Unsterblichkeit der Seele) published in 1767 is a book by the Jewish Enlightenment philosopher Moses Mendelssohn.
 Rec (レック) is a Japanese manga about an aspiring voice actress by Q-Tarō Hanamizawa. A nine-episode anime adaptation by Shaft aired between February and March 2006; an original video animation episode was also produced.
 New Writings in SF 8 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the eighth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one.
 The Waking is a poem written by Theodore Roethke in 1953 in the form of a villanelle. It is a self-reflexive poem that describes waking up from sleep.[citation needed] It comments on the unknowable with a contemplative tone. It also has been interpreted as comparing life to waking and death to sleeping.
 The New Enthusiast is a print and online magazine published by The Shuttlecoque Sporting Club. It was one of the first venues through which poet Carson Cistulli published his writings from November 2007 to March 2008.
 The Color Kittens is a children's book by Margaret Wise Brown illustrated by Alice and Martin Provensen published in 1949.The story revolves around two kittens Hush and Brush who attempt to create green paint through mixing their other paints. Their attempts amusingly lead to a variety of different hues—none of them green. The book's famous catch phrase is Blue is blue and red is red! They still need green!Children's book author and illustrator Paul O.
 Destination Unknown is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 1 November 1954 and in US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1955 under the title of So Many Steps to Death. The UK edition retailed at ten shillings and sixpence (10/6) and the US edition at $2.75.
 Hungry: A Mother and Daughter Fight Anorexia is a 2009 book cowritten by Sheila Himmel and Lisa Himmel. Written by a daughter and her mother Hungry depicts Lisa Himmel's struggle with anorexia and bulimia. Published by Berkley Trade Hungry took six years to be completed because of Lisa's relapses.
 Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse (2006) is a mystery novel by Lee Goldberg based on the popular TV series Monk.
 Curious George Goes to the Hospital is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1966. It is the seventh and final book in the original Curious George series and tells the story of George's experiences in a hospital after swallowing a jigsaw puzzle piece. The book was written to ease the way for hospital-bound children.
 The Journal of Chemical Technology & Biotechnology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1882 as the Journal of the Society of Chemical Industry. In 1950 it changed its title to Journal of Applied Chemistry and volume numbering restarted at volume 1. In 1971 the journal changed the title to Journal of Applied Chemistry and Biotechnology and in 1983 it obtained the current title.
 Modernism/modernity is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1994 by Lawrence Rainey and Robert van Hallberg. It covers methodological archival and theoretical approaches to modernist studies in the period from about 1860 to the mid-twentieth century. Since 2001 it has been the official publication of the Modernist Studies Association and September issues occasionally feature papers from their annual conference.
 Woman's Day is a women's magazine that covers such topics as homemaking food nutrition physical fitness physical attractiveness and fashion. The print edition is one of the Seven Sisters magazines. The magazine was first published in 1931 by The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company; the current publisher is Hearst Corporation.
 The Book of Dreams is a science fiction book by American author Jack Vance the fifth and last novel (1981) in the Demon Princes series.
 Lost Laysen is a novella written by Margaret Mitchell in 1916 although it was not published until 1996.Mitchell who is best known as the author of Gone with the Wind was believed to have only written one full book during her lifetime. However when she was 15 she had written the manuscript to Lost Laysen—a romance set in the South Pacific.
 Brevity is a single-panel newspaper comic strip created by Guy Endore-Kaiser and Rodd Perry and currently drawn by Dan Thompson. Brevity originally began on Comics Sherpa (a site which helps beginning comic strips make their work public over the web). It debuted in 55 newspapers on January 3 2005. Today Brevity is published in over 130 newspapers in the USA and Canada.
 Stranger on the Loose (2003) is the second book by American author D. Harlan Wilson. It contains twenty-seven irreal short stories and flash fiction as well as a novella Igsnay Bürdd the Animal Trainer. Pieces in this collection originally appeared in magazines and journals such as Eclectica Magazine The Dream People Locus Novus 3 A.M. Magazine Jack Magazine Diagram Riverbabble and Redsine. The book is illustrated by British storyboard artist Simon Duric.
 The Free Press is the official campus newspaper of the University of Southern Maine. It publishes a print edition weekly during the academic year equaling roughly 22 editions a year. The newspaper has a circulation of 3000 and publishes daily on their website.
 The Discovery is the 20th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Marco. It is the first book in the David trilogy.
 The Daily Independent is a daily newspaper serving Ridgecrest California United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.
 The Sculptress (1993) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters. She won an Edgar and a Macavity Award for the book. The novel was adapted as a BBC-TV series in 1996 starring Pauline Quirke as Olive Martin.
 The Taking is a 2004 novel written by Dean Koontz.
 Diario de los Andes is a Venezuelan regional newspaper circulated in the Venezuelan Andes states of Trujillo Táchira and Mérida. The original Trujillo edition was established in the late 1970s while the Táchira and Mérida editions were established in the 1990s.
 Economic Modelling is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal on economics published by Elsevier. The editors-in-chief are Stephen G. Hall (University of Leicester) and Peter H. Pauly (University of Toronto).
 The Immoralist (French: L'Immoraliste) is a novel by André Gide published in France in 1902. When it was first published it was considered shocking. What some see as a story of dereliction others see as a tale of introspection and self-discovery.
 LOST+BRAIN is a Japanese shōnen manga by Akira Ootani. The manga started serialization in Shogakukan's manga magazine Shōnen Sunday in 2008 issue 2/3 and ended in issue 31. The first volume was released on May 16 2008.
 Old Angel Midnight is a long narrative poem by American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac. It was culled from five notebooks spanning from 1956 to 1959 while Kerouac was fully absorbed by his studies of Buddhism and Buddhist philosophy. Kerouac initially experimented with Old Angel Midnight (then called Lucien Midnight) in 1953 in his diary titled 1953.
 The Making of the Atomic Bomb is a contemporary history book written by the American journalist and historian Richard Rhodes first published by Simon and Schuster in 1987. It won the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fictionthe National Book Award for Nonfictionand a National Book Critics Circle Award.
 Neglected People (Oboydyonnye Обойдённые) is a 1865 novel by Nikolai Leskov.
 Kunisaki Izumo no Jijō (國崎出雲の事情? lit. Some Personal Problems of Izumo Kunisaki) is an ongoing Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Aya Hirakawa (ひらかわ あや Hirakawa Aya). The series began on January 2010 in the Weekly Shōnen Sunday magazine. Before the series a one-shot by the same title was featured in Weekly Shonen Sunday in February 2009 as a prototype. This article is written mostly about the series as major changes were made between the one-shot and the series.
 The Coffin Quilt is a novel by Ann Rinaldi that was first published in 1999. Set in Kentucky it tells the story of the Hatfield-McCoy feud in the late 19th century through the eyes of Fanny a young female member of the McCoy family. Choosing between family and what is right is one of the major decisions Fanny McCoy has to make. When the McCoys decide to wage a war against a rival family the Hatfields things start to get out of hand; four of her brothers are killed by Hatfields.
 The Peaceful Pill Handbook is a book giving instructions on how to perform suicide. It was originally published in the U.S. in 2007 and was written by the Australian doctors Philip Nitschke and Fiona Stewart.The book describes legal and moral aspects of suicide and euthanasia and provides how-to instructions for several suicide methods. The primary focus of the book is on peaceful (non-violent and painless) suicide methods that can be used by seriously ill and elderly people.
 Śrīsītārāmasuprabhātam (Sanskrit: श्रीसीतारामसुप्रभातम्) (2009) literally The beautiful dawn of Sītā and Rāma is a Saṃskṛta minor poem (Khaṇḍakāvya) of the Suprabhātakāvya (dawn-poem) genre composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya in the year 2008. The poem consists of 43 verses in five different metres.A copy of the poem with a Hindi commentary by the poet himself was published by the Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Vikalang Vishvavidyalaya Chitrakuta Uttar Pradesh.
 World Embryo (ワールドエンブリオ Waarudoenburio) is a Japanese manga series by Daisuke Moriyama. It has been serialized by Shōnen Gahosha in Young King OURs since 2005 and collected in four bound volumes as of August 2008. The story follows a group of humans who combat monstrous creatures that spread around by using cell-phone signals.
 Space Apprentice also known as Probationers (Russian title: Стажёры Stazhory) is one of the early novels of Russian science fiction writers Arkady and Boris Strugatsky. It is set in the Noon Universe following The Land of Crimson Clouds and Destination Amalthea hundreds of years before the other Noon novels.This is the Strugatsky brothers' final hard-SF novel and it gives reasons why they decided to move into social science fiction instead.
 'The Wrecker' is a novel by Clive Cussler.Isaac Bell is back in this sequel to Clive Cussler's The Chase.Most of the story takes place in 1907 in the United States of America. Osgood Hennessy owner of the Southern Pacific Railway has hired the Van Dorn Detective Agency to help catch a murdering saboteur nicknamed The Wrecker who has wrecked Southern Pacific trains through a route in the Cascade Mountains of Oregon using TNT dynamite and other explosives.
 Physikalische Zeitschrift (English: Physical Journal) was a German scientific journal of physics published from 1899 to 1945 by S. Hirzel Verlag. Several publications of great historical significance have been published in it such as Albert Einstein's Entwicklung unserer Anschauungen über das Wesen und die Konstitution der Strahlung (On the Development of Our Views Concerning the Nature and Constitution of Radiation).
 Doctor Thrill (スリル博士 Suriru Hakase) is a manga series written and illustrated by Osamu Tezuka published in Shogakukan's Shōnen Sunday from April 5 1959 to September 6 of the same year.
 The Complete Wizard's Handbook is a supplementary rulebook published in 1990 for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Monkey is a free weekly men's magazine which is published by Dennis Publishing exclusively online and on mobile platforms.Monkey is a digital magazine. It replicates a magazine format but with video and audio content embedded within both editorial and advertising.Each 48-page issue features a covergirl shoot and editorial covering cars sport humour entertainment gadgets clothes and user-generated content aimed at 16 to 30-year-olds.
 American Revolution: A Global War is a 1977 non-fiction book by R. Ernest Dupuy Gay Hammerman and Grace P. Hayes. It was published through David McKay Publications and makes the argument that the American Revolutionary War should be seen primarily as an international world war between the European great powers. This is in contrast to the traditional American view of focusing mainly on the land-conflict between the colonials and the British Empire.
 The Rainbow Stories is a collection of short stories about American culture written by William T. Vollmann and published in 1989. Written in the style of narrative journalism it was his second published fictional work preceded by You Bright and Risen Angels. The book consists of thirteen interlocking stories (based on the colours of the rainbow) that range in scope from ancient Babylon to modern San Francisco.
 The House That Stood Still is a science fiction novel by American author A. E. van Vogt first published in 1950. It was also published under the titles The Mating Cry (1960 revised edition) and The Undercover Aliens (1976).
 More Than This is a young adult novel by Patrick Ness published by Candlewick Press in 2013. It follows a teenage boy named Seth who after drowning in the ocean wakes up alone on a desolate suburban English street in what he believes to be hell.
 Alternate Presidents is a 1992 Tor alternate history anthology edited by Mike Resnick. Each story is by a different author and presents a scenario where an individual becomes President of the United States in a way that did not occur in real life.
 Democracies: Patterns of Majoritarian and Consensus Government in Twenty-one Countries is a work of comparative politics by world renowned political scientist Arend Lijphart. The book was first published in 1984 through the Yale University Press.
 The Habit of Art is a 2009 play by English playwright Alan Bennett centred on a fictional meeting between W. H. Auden and Benjamin Britten while Britten is composing the opera Death in Venice. It premiered on 5 November 2009 at the Lyttelton Theatre at the Royal National Theatre with the central roles filled by Alex Jennings as Britten and Richard Griffiths as Auden (the latter replacing Michael Gambon who had to withdraw from the production due to minor ill health).
 Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand (1984) is a science fiction novel by Samuel R. Delany. It was part of a planned diptych whose second half The Splendor and Misery of Bodies of Cities remains unfinished.
 The Accidental Sorcerer is the first book in the Rogue Agent series by Australian writer Karen Miller.
 Group & Organization Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Psychology and Management. The journal's editor is Yehuda Baruch (Rouen Business School). It has been in publication since 1976 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 English Today is an academic journal on the English language established in 1985 and published quarterly by Cambridge University Press. Its scope covers all aspects of current English and its varieties used around the world. The current editor-in-chief is Emeritus Professor Clive Upton (University of Leeds).
 Allamagoosa is science fiction short story by English author Eric Frank Russell originally published in the May 1955 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and collected in The Best Of Eric Frank Russell (1978) and Major Ingredients: The Selected Short Stories of Eric Frank Russell (2000). It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1955.
 Inside the Neolithic Mind: Consciousness Cosmos and the Realm of the Gods is a cognitive archaeological study of Neolithic religious beliefs in Europe co-written by the archaeologists David Lewis-Williams and David Pearce both of the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg South Africa. It was first published by Thames and Hudson in 2005.
 Het uur tussen hond en wolf is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1987.
 The Power of the Invisible Sun is a philanthropic work on behalf of Bobby Sager. It consists on a photography book based on pictures of those areas of the world most striken by war such as Afghanistan Rwanda Pakistan Palestine Sri Lanka Kenya or Zimbawbe depicting children living and dealing with conflict.
 The Affair is a 1962 play by Ronald Millar based on the novel by C.P. Snow.
 The Kansas State Collegian is the official daily student-run newspaper of Kansas State University. Founded in 1896 the Collegian is the ninth largest daily publication in the state of Kansas with a circulation of 12000. It is owned and published by Collegian Media Group.
 The Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture is a peer-reviewed scientific journal. It was established in 1950 and is published 15 times a year by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Society of Chemical Industry.
 King Golf (キング ゴルフ Kingu Gorufu) is a Japanese manga series by Ken Sasaki. It won the award for Best Shōnen manga at the 56th Shogakukan Manga Award.
 Outlaw is the first novel of the five-part Outlaw Chronicles series by British writer of historical fiction Angus Donald released on 10 July 2009 through Little Brown and Company. The début novel was relatively well received.
 Gość Niedzielny (lit. Sunday's Guest) is a Polish weekly Catholic news magazine. It is published in Katowice. The magazine circulation in 2011 was 198500 copies.
 Sahara is the book that Michael Palin wrote to accompany the BBC television documentary series Sahara with Michael Palin.This book like the other books that Palin wrote following each of his seven trips for the BBC consists both of his text and of many photographs to illustrate the trip.
 On My First Sonne a poem by Ben Jonson was written in 1603 after the death of Jonson's first son Benjamin at the age of seven. The poem a reflection of a father's pain in his young son's death is rendered more acutely moving when compared with Jonson's other usually more cynical or mocking poetry.
 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die is a video game reference book first published in October 2010. It consists of a list of video games released between 1970 and 2010 arranged chronologically by release date. Each entry in the list is accompanied by a short essay written by a video game critic with some entries accompanied by screen shots. It was edited by Tony Mott longtime editor of Edge magazine.
 The Harper Hall trilogy comprises three fantasy or science fiction novels by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey.They are part of the Dragonriders of Pern series as it is known today 24 books by Anne or her son Todd McCaffrey as of summer 2011.In their own time however they were new Pern stories published by Atheneum Books in 1976 1977 and 1979 alongside the Dragonriders of Pern series whose continuation in a third book from Ballantine was eagerly awaited until 1978.
 Redbrick is the student newspaper of the University of Birmingham. Originally titled Guild News the newspaper was renamed Redbrick in 1962. As with most student newspapers Redbrick is not fully independent due to funding arrangements but is editorially independent as is set out in its charter. Redbrick is written photographed edited and published entirely by University students and is run not for profit funded by both advertising revenue and the Guild of Students.
 Judgement Day is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was published in 1965 in her short story collection Everything That Rises Must Converge. O'Connor finished the collection during her final battle with lupus. She died in 1964 just before her final book was published. A devout Roman Catholic O'Connor often used religious themes in her work.
 The Journal of Peasant Studies subtitled Critical Perspectives on Rural Politics and Development is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research into the social structures institutions actors and processes of change in the rural areas of the developing world. It was established in 1973 with Terence J. Byres Charles Curwen and Teodor Shanin as founding editors-in-chief.
 A sequel to both the first-of-type sequels Ring of Fire and 1633 it had to await schedule co-ordination by the two authors which proved difficult and delayed the work by nearly two years.
 The Last English King (1997) is a historical novel by English writer Julian Rathbone. The novel covers the time of the Battle of Hastings. It revolves around Walt Edwinson a housecarl of Harold Godwinson the last Anglo-Saxon king of England. The story starts with Walt returning to his home at Iwerne in Dorset four years after the Battle of Hastings. He had fled England after the defeat of the Anglo-Saxons and had spent the time travelling across Europe and Asia Minor.
 The Invasion published in 1996 and written by K. A. Applegate is the first book in the Animorphs series. It is narrated by Jake.
 Weekly Dearest My Brother (週刊わたしのおにいちゃん Shūkan Watashi no Onii-chan) is a series of six bishōjo-centered manga booklets that were released weekly for a short time in Japan. The manga would come packaged with a limited edition plastic-figure assembly kit designed by Ohshima Yuki of the featured character of the week.
 Tobacco and Slaves: The Development of Southern Cultures in the Chesapeake 1680–1800 is a book written by historian Allan Kulikoff. Published in 1986 it is the first major study that synthesizes the historiography of the colonial Chesapeake region of the United States. Tobacco and Slaves is a neo-Marxist study that explains the creation of a racial caste system in the tobacco-growing regions of Maryland and Virginia and the origins of southern slave society.
 Inside Mr Enderby is the first volume of the Enderby series a quartet of comic novels by the British author Anthony Burgess.The book was first published in 1963 in London by William Heinemann under the pseudonym Joseph Kell. The series began with the publication in 1963 of Inside Mr. Enderby continued in 1968 with Enderby Outside and 1974 with The Clockwork Testament or Enderby's End and concluded after a ten year break in 1984 with Enderby's Dark Lady or No End to Enderby.
 Mothers and Other Liars is the debut novel from Amy Bourret. It is about a woman who finds an abandoned baby at a rest stop and decides to raise the child as her own. The book was published in August 2010 by St. Martin's Griffin.
 The Journal of the Gilded Age and Progressive Era is a peer-reviewed academic journal of American history. Sometimes referred to by the acronym JGAPE the journal publishes scholarly articles and book reviews relating to the period between 1865 and 1920 in the United States. This range covers the eras of American history referred to by historians as the Gilded Age and the Progressive Era.
 Samachar Darpan (Bengali: সমাচার দর্পণ) was a Bengali weekly newspaper published by the Baptist Missionary Society from the Baptist Mission Press at Serampore in the first half of the 19th century. It is considered to be the first Indian-language newspaper although some historians contend that the Bengali weekly Bengal Gazetti published by Ganga Kishore Bhattacharya had begun publication earlier.
 Muriša is a novel by Slovenian author Feri Lainšček. It was first published in 2006.
 Adl (Persian: عدل‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this newspaper was Mohammadsadegh Sharif known as Setoodeh and it was published in Shiraz since 1915.
 The Sound of Fishsteps (Balık İzlerinin Sesi in Turkish) is a prize winning novel by Turkish writer Buket Uzuner originally published in Turkish by Remzi Kitabevi in 1993 and in English translation in 2002.
 Al-Zaura (also spelt as Al-Zawra) was a newspaper published in Baghdad by the then Ottoman Governor of Iraq Midhat Pashain 1869. It was the official newspaper of the then Ottoman Province of Baghdad and the first newspaper to be published in Iraq. It was published in Arabic and Turkish languages. It was a biweekly newspaper published every Tuesday and Saturday. It was started after a personal effort by Midhat Pasha who brought a printing press from Paris.
 Protathlitis (Greek: Πρωταθλητής/Champion) is a Greek daily sports newspaper. It was first published April 2 1998. The owners are a TV presenter Themos Anastasiadis and journalist Sotiris Poulopoulos. The newspaper is a strong supporter of Olympiacos F.C..
 Berlin is the title of a comic book series created by Jason Lutes and published by Black Eye Productions and then Drawn and Quarterly. Planned as a series of 24 magazines it describes life in Berlin from 1928 to 1933 during the decline of the Weimar Republic.
 Heredity is a science fiction short story by the American writer Isaac Asimov. Asimov wrote the story his twenty-third in August 1940 under the title Twins. It was rejected by John W. Campbell editor of Astounding Science Fiction on 29 August and accepted by Frederik Pohl on 4 September. It appeared in the April 1941 issue of Astonishing Stories under the title Heredity and was reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov.
 Seascape is a play by American playwright Edward Albee. Directed by Albee himself the production opened on Broadway on January 26 1975 at the Sam S. Shubert Theatre starring Deborah Kerr Barry Nelson Maureen Anderman and Frank Langella who won a Tony Award for his performance as Leslie. The original three act version of the play ran in Europe and the second act was cut when it was moved to Broadway. Albee received his second Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the play.
 While I'm Dead...Feed The Dog is a comedic novel written by Ric Browde published by Harper Collins in 2000.
 Pixie Pop (ゴックン!ぷーちょ Gokkun! Pūcho) is a shōjo manga created by Ema Toyama. The series was first published in 2004 by Kodansha. Pixie Pop was then later translated and publicized on 13 February 2007 by Tokyopop (year may vary with the United Kingdom).The series lasted for three volumes and is rated 13 for romance.
 Yesterday When I Was Young is a play based on the real-life experiences of Josie Pickering a housewife from Manchester who became so dissatisfied with her married life that she turned to lesbianism and eventually became a dominatrix.In 2007 the play was taken to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival by Hope Theatre Company and starred Erin Shanagher in the title and only role.
 The American Journal of Primatology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official journal of the American Society of Primatologists. It was established in 1981 and covers all areas of primatology including the behavioral ecology conservation biology evolutionary biology life history demography paleontology physiology endocrinology genetics molecular genetics and psychobiology of non-human primates.
 Powers of Horror: An Essay on Abjection is an essay by Julia Kristeva originally written in French in 1980 and translated into English in 1982 [by Leon S. Roudiez]. POH is an extensive treatise on the subject of abjection and all it entails.
 Twelve Red Herrings (or 12 Red Herrings) is a 1994 short story collection by British writer and politician Jeffrey Archer. Archer challenges his readers to find twelve red herrings one in each story. The book reached #3 in the Canadian best-sellers (fiction) list. J. K.
 A Plague of Frogs is a non-fiction environmental book written by William Souder and published in 2000 by Hyperion Press. The book elaborates on the issue of mutated frogs and the implications for humans. Structurally the book is divided into two parts.
 Ruule is a crime comic published by Beckett Comics through Image Comics. The plotlines are based on stories from the Bible. As of March 2006 both published volumes have drawn from the Book of Judges. Volume 1 Ganglords of Chinatown retells the story of Gideon and Volume 2 Kiss & Tell retells the story of Samson.
 The New America: The New World is a collection of four articles by H.G. Wells written to examine the American scene which Wells summed up in 1935 as the spectacle of a great material civilization halted paralyzed. Wells's articles were published shortly after a 23-day visit to the United States in March 1935 that included a lunch with US President Franklin Delano Roosevelt and a talk with Senator Huey Long.
 Obstetrics & Gynecology is a peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of obstetrics and gynecology. It is the official publication of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. It is popularly known as the Green Journal.Obstetrics & Gynecology has approximately 45000 subscribers. According to the 2012 Journal Citation Reports it had an impact factor of 4.798 ranking it 2nd among 78 reproductive medicine journals.
 Marching Through Georgia is the first of four books of S.M. Stirling's alternate history series The Domination.The novel also attempts to educate the reader on the background of the Domination. Government military social structures and the historical development of the Draka are all outlined here.The paperback edition contains the full version of Stirling's story. A hardcover version containing all three books of the trilogy was released however it is abridged.
 The Moffats is a children's novel by the American author Eleanor Estes the first in a series of four books about the Moffat family. The Moffats tells about four young children and their mother who live in a small town in Connecticut. Their adventures are based on Estes' memories of her childhood and focus on a working-class single-parent American family during World War I.
 A Frolic of His Own is a book by William Gaddis published by Poseidon Press in 1994. It was his fourth novel and it won his second U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.
 Fuel Cells—From Fundamentals to Systems is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering fundamental and applied research on fuel cell technology. Disciplines of interest are chemistry materials science physics chemical engineering electrical engineering and mechanical engineering. Publishing formats include original research papers and reviews. It is published by Wiley-VCH and the editor-in-chief is Ulrich Stimming (TUM CREATE Center for Electromobility).
 Yugo (勇午) is a manga written by Shinji Makari and illustrated by Akana Shu serialized in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine from 1994 to 2004. The series transferred to Kodansha's Evening magazine wherein the subtitle the Negotiator is added in. Subsequent compilations of the original manga also add this phrase.”Yugo” A.K.A.
 The Chain Gang is a collection of books written by English illustrator and author Robin Lawrie and his wife Christine Lawrie. The series follows the adventures of a group of young mountain bikers.
 The Last Ship is a 1988 post-apocalyptic fiction novel written by William Brinkley. It has since been slated for a 2014 television adaptation.The Last Ship tells the story of a United States Navy guided missile destroyer the fictional USS Nathan James (DDG-80) on patrol in the Barents Sea during a brief full-scale nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union.
 Three Sisters (Russian: Три сeстрыtranslit. Tri sestry) is a play by the Russian author and playwright Anton Chekhov perhaps partially inspired by the situation of the three Brontë sisters. It was written in 1900 and first performed in 1901 at the Moscow Art Theatre.
 News/North (originally the News of the North) is a newspaper based in Yellowknife Northwest Territories with offices in Fort Smith Hay River Fort Providence and Norman Wells Northwest Territories as well as Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet Nunavut and owned by Northern News Services. The newspaper is printed in two separate editions Northwest Territories News/North and Nunavut News/North (ᓄᓇᕗᒥ ᐱᕙᓪᓕᐊᔪᑦ) that reports on news throughout the NWT and Nunavut.
 South Park Conservatives: The Revolt Against Liberal Media Bias (ISBN 0-89526-019-0) is a book written by Brian C. Anderson. It explores the idea that the traditional mass media in the United States are biased towards liberals but through new media such as the Internet cable television and talk radio conservatives are slowly gaining some power in the world of information. The name South Park Conservatives derives from Andrew Sullivan's term South Park Republican.
 Mark of Charon was an American comic book published by CrossGen Entertainment from April to August 2003. It is a five-issue limited series written by Tony Bedard and penciled by Joe Bennett. Taking place in the Sigilverse it primarily features the characters Charon Javi Cobian and Appolyon.
 Experience & Education is a short book written in 1938 by John Dewey a pre-eminent educational theorist of the 20th century. It provides a concise and powerful analysis of education. In this and his other writings on education Dewey continually emphasizes experience experiment purposeful learning freedom and other concepts of progressive education.
 Astral Project (Japanese: 月の光 Hepburn: Tsuki No Hikari) is a Japanese manga series written by Marginal and illustrated by Takeya Syuji. It began serialization in 2005 issue of the monthly seinen manga magazine Comic Beam. It was published in English by CMX Manga in French by Casterman in German by Carlsen Manga and in Portuguese by Panini Comics.
 Blind Man's Bluff: The Untold Story of American Submarine Espionage (ISBN 0-06-103004-X) published in 1998 by Sherry Sontag Christopher Drew and Annette Lawrence Drew is a non-fiction book about U.S. Navy submarine operations during the Cold War. Several operations are described in the book such as the use of USS Parche to tap Soviet undersea communications cables and USS Halibut to do the same in Operation Ivy Bells.The book also contains an extensive list of submarine collisions and U.S.
 Cast Two Shadows is a historical novel by Ann Rinaldi a part of the Great Episodes series; it is told in first-person.
 The Haunted Fort is Volume 44 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by David Grambs in 1965.
 Horton Hears a Who! is a children's book written and illustrated by Theodor Seuss Geisel under the name Dr. Seuss and published in 1954 by Random House. It is the second Dr. Seuss book to feature Horton the Elephant the first being Horton Hatches the Egg. The Whos would later make a reappearance in How the Grinch Stole Christmas!.
 Communications in Mathematical Physics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer. The journal publishes papers in all fields of mathematical physics but focuses particularly in analysis related to condensed matter physics statistical mechanics and quantum field theory and in operator algebras quantum information and relativity.
 Selling to Seniors is a news service (or newsletter) published in Silver Spring MD by CD Publications.Also known as The 50+ Marketing Report Selling to Seniors reports on advertising to American seniors. It also includes trend analysis and market news.
 The Mail Tribune is a seven-day daily newspaper based in Medford Oregon United States that serves Jackson County Oregon and adjacent areas of northern California.Its coverage area centers on Medford and Ashland and includes many small communities in fast-growing Jackson County.
 The Age of Wonder: How the Romantic Generation Discovered the Beauty and Terror of Science is a 2008 popular science book about the history of science written by Richard Holmes. In it the author describes the scientific discoveries of the polymaths of the late eighteenth century and describes how this period formed the basis for modern scientific discoveries. It won the 2009 Royal Society Prize for Science Books. and the 2009 National Book Critics Circle Award for General Nonfiction.
 The Antiquarian's Family or The Mother-in-law and the Daughter (La famiglia dell'antiquario ossia La suocera e la nuora) is a comedy by Italian author Carlo Goldoni first published in 1749.
 Sun and Shadow (Sol och skugga) is a 1999 novel by Åke Edwardson part of the Inspector Winter series. It was published in English in 2005 translated by Laurie Thompson.
 Even Though I Don't Miss You (ISBN 978-0-9896950-0-8) is a collection of poems by Chelsea Martin published by Short Flight/Long Drive Books in 2013.
 Gossip from the Forest is a novel by the Australian author Thomas Keneally which deals with the negotiations surrounding the ending of World War I.
 Dubin's Lives is a novel by the American writer Bernard Malamud (1979). The title character is a biographer working on a life of D. H. Lawrence.
 The Fringe of the Unknown is a science book by L. Sprague de Camp first published in hardcover by Prometheus Books in 1983.The book is a collection of articles that constitute a study ...
 The Country Girl is a 1950 dramatic play by American playwright Clifford Odets which was subsequently adapted as a film of the same name in 1954.Uta Hagen played the title role of Georgie Elgin in its original production alongside Paul Kelly as her husband Frank and Steven Hill as theatre director Bernie Dodd. The production was directed by Odets and ran for 30 weeks accumulating 235 performances from November 10 1950 to June 2 1951.
 I Put My Blue Genes On is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collections Unaccompanied Sonata and Other Stories and Maps in a Mirror. It was first published in the August 1978 issue of Analog.
 The Gadfly is a novel by Irish writer Ethel Lilian Voynich published in 1897 (United States June; Great Britain September of the same year) set in 1840s Italy under the dominance of Austria a time of tumultuous revolt and uprisings. The story centers on the life of the protagonist Arthur Burton as a member of the Youth movement and his antagonist Padre Montanelli. A thread of a tragic relationship between Arthur and his love Gemma simultaneously runs through the story.
 Monthly Comic Dengeki Daioh (月刊コミック電撃大王 Gekkan Komikku Dengeki Daiō) is a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks) under the Dengeki brand. Many manga serialized in Dengeki Daioh were later published in tankōbon volumes under ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Comics imprint. The magazine is sold every month on the 27th. A yonkoma section of Dengeki Daioh called Dengeki Yonkoma Daioh (電撃4コマ大王) features various omake strips of the manga series published in it.
 il Napoli is an Italian local newspaper owned by the San Marino-based publishing company E Polis and based in Naples Italy. Although it is not a free newspaper 70% of copies are distributed free near very busy locations like universities railway stations and airports shopping centres and is regularly sold at newsstands.
 The Five Dysfunctions of a Team is a business book by consultant and speaker Patrick Lencioni. It describes the many pitfalls that teams face as they seek to row together. This book explores the fundamental causes of organizational politics and team failure. Like most of Lencioni's books the bulk of it is written as a business fable.
 Petra Chérie is an Italian comic series created by Attilio Micheluzzi.
 Vaduguns is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 BioSynergy Magazine was a biannually published biotechnology magazine targeted at executives and scientists at the BIO International Convention. It is the only student-run biotechnology magazine in the world and was created by students at the University of Toronto.
 A Web of Air is a young adult post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Philip Reeve. The sequel to Fever Crumb it is the second book in the Mortal Engines Quartet prequel series. It was published in April 2010.
 The Hooded Hawk Mystery is Volume 34 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Charles Strong in 1954. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Book History is an academic journal and is the official publication of the Society for the History of Authorship Reading and Publishing. The journal was established in 1998 and is published annually by the Johns Hopkins University Press.Book History is devoted to every aspect of the history of the book which is broadly defined as the history of the creation dissemination and reception of script and print.
 Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America is a book written by Barbara Ehrenreich. Written from her perspective as an undercover journalist it sets out to investigate the impact of the 1996 welfare reform act on the working poor in the United States.
 A Woman of the Future is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author David Ireland.
 Tied Up in Tinsel is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-seventh novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1972. The novel takes place at a country house in England over the course of a few days during the Christmas season.
 Flapper Filosofy (sometimes called Flapper Filosophy) was a newspaper comic panel distributed by King Features Syndicate and the O'Dell Newspaper Service. It ran during the flapper era of the 1920s into the early 1930s. The art was by Faith Burrows.Each panel exhibited a flapper wearing one of the current fashions with a witticism typed at the bottom.
 The Dallas Express was a weekly newspaper published in Dallas Texas (USA) from 1892 to 1970. It covered news of blacks in Dallas and a large portion of Texas.
 Atlantis: Three Tales is a 1995 collection of three stories by Samuel R. Delany. The stories are Atlantis: Model 1924 Eric Gwen and D.H. Lawrence's Esthetic of Unrectified Feeling and Citre et Trans. The first edition published by the Seattle small press Incunabula also included a Microflorilegium a selection of excerpts from the author’s correspondence and a thematic outline of the opening novella.
 The Cat Who Came for Christmas is the first book in a cat trilogy written by Cleveland Amory an American author who wrote extensively about animal rights. In this book Amory recounts his rescue and adoption of Polar Bear a cat he featured in several more books.It was first published in paperback by Penguin books in 1988 and maintained the #1 spot on the New York Times bestseller list for twelve weeks.[1]It bears no relation to Lilian Jackson Braun's Cat Who ... series.
 Ralph the Heir is a novel by Anthony Trollope originally published in 1871. Although Trollope described it as one of the worst novels I have writtenit was well received by contemporary critics.More recently readers have found it noteworthy for its account of a corrupt Parliamentary electionan account based closely on Trollope's own experience as a candidate.
 Half-Life is a debut novel by Aaron Krach. Published in 2004 by Alyson Books the novel was nominated for a Violet Quill Award and was among the 2004 Lambda Literary Award finalists. It discusses young love coping with death and the issues facing gay youth.
 Fast Forward was a weekly children's magazine launched in September 1989 by the BBC to compete with Look-in. It was aimed at seven- to 14-year-olds and was promoted heavily with trailers shown on Children's BBC. Circulation started at 210000 copies per week reached a peak of 340000 in March 1990 but fell to 150000 by Spring 1991. Fast Forward generally sold around 40% to 50% more copies than Look-in on a weekly basis.
 Forward the Foundation (1993) is a novel written by Isaac Asimov. It is the second of two prequels to the Foundation Series. It is written in much the same style as the original novel Foundation a novel composed of chapters with long intervals in between.
 Subversia is a collection of autobiographical nonfiction by American novelist D. R. Haney published in 2010 by TNB Books. The collection comprising thirty short essays none longer than 2500 words is divided into five sections.
 Animerica was a quarterly digest published by Viz Media. It initially started as a monthly magazine featuring reviews of anime and manga titles as well as related works. After a preview issue was released in November 1992 the magazine's first issue was released in February 1993 with a March 1993 cover date. The magazine originally featured articles and reviews on manga anime and related media as well as manga preview chapters.
 The Knoxville News Sentinel is a daily newspaper in Knoxville Tennessee United States owned by the E. W. Scripps Company. It operates knoxnews.com an award-winning news website.
 The Isle of Wight County Press is a local compact newspaper published every Friday on the Isle of Wight.It has an audited circulation of 30283 copies compared to a local population of 110-132000 with a readership approaching 90% of the Island's adult population. Circulation has fallen over 6000 since 2009. The paper has been owned locally since its foundation.The Isle of Wight County Press website was launched in 1999 and features headline articles updated on a daily basis.
 Radúz and Mahulena is Czech stage play by novel Julius Zeyer.
 Hambastegi is an Iranian daily newspaper published in Tehran.
 Ask Dr. Rin! (Dr.リンにきいてみて! Dr. Rin ni Kiite Mite!) is an eight-volume manga series by Kiyoko Arai about a young girl named Meilin Kanzaki who is endowed with Feng shui powers which allow her to read people's fortunes and give advice on how to receive good luck. She does this on a website under the pseudonym of Dr. Rin. She loves her friend Asuka Yuuki who is a star on the school soccer team.
 Insatiable (2005) is an autobiographical novel from French PR worker Valérie Tasso.
 The Temperamentals is a 2009 play by Jon Marans. It chronicles the founding of the Mattachine Society the first sustained LGBT rights organization in the United States and the love affair of two of its founding members Harry Hay (Thomas Jay Ryan) and Rudi Gernreich (Michael Urie). The title is drawn from the early-20th Century usage of the word temperamental as slang for homosexual.
 Cachalot (1980) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster.
 Waldo & Magic Inc. is a book containing those two novellas one science fiction one fantasy by Robert A. Heinlein. It was published in 1950.Contents:Waldo (1942; originally published in Astounding Science Fiction)Magic Inc. (1940; originally published in Unknown)
 Straight and Crooked Thinking first published in 1930 and revised in 1953 is a book by Robert H. Thouless which describes assesses and critically analyses flaws in reasoning and argument. Thouless describes it as a practical manual rather than a theoretical one.
 BMC Structural Biology is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in structural biology. The journal was established in 2001 and is published by BioMed Central. The editor-in-chief is Simon Harold.
 Tales of a Long Night (German: Hamlet oder Die lange Nacht nimmt ein Ende) (1956) is the last novel of German author Alfred Döblin. Set in England immediately after the Second World War the novel narrates the story of Edward Allison an English soldier who had been badly wounded during the war. Back among his family Edward must deal with his war trauma long buried family conflicts and his destabilized sense of self.
 Mini Shopaholic (2010) is the sixth book of Shopaholic series. It is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella a pen-name of Madeline Wickham. It focuses on the main character Rebecca (Becky) Bloomwood her husband Luke Brandon and their daughter Minnie.
 Screw is a weekly pornographic magazine published in the United States aimed at heterosexual men. It was first published in November 1968 by Al Goldstein and Jim Buckley and was printed weekly in tabloid form. Founder Al Goldstein won a series of nationally significant obscenity cases.In 1974 Goldstein and Buckley were charged with 12 counts of obscenity in a federal court in Kansas.
 Expecting Someone Taller is the first humorous fantasy novel by popular British author Tom Holt. It was first published in hardcover in 1987 by Macmillan Publishers in the United Kingdom and by St. Martin's Press in the United States. A UK paperback edition was released in 1988 by Futura Orbit in 1988 and a US paperback edition was released in 1990 by Ace Books.
 World's Best Science Fiction: 1966 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr the second volume in a series of seven. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in 1966. It was reprinted by the same publisher in 1970 under the alternate title World's Best Science Fiction: Second Series. An Italian edition appeared in December 1966 under the title Il vento del sole.
 Gilgamesh the King is a 1984 fantasy novel by Robert Silverberg presenting the Epic of Gilgamesh as a novel.
 Österlandet (ISBN 978-0-9794059-0-7) is a photography book released in 2007. It chronicles 100 years of change in Egypt and Jerusalem by retracing the travels of Algot Sätterström a Swedish inventor and painter.Österlandet received positive reviews and was featured in leading periodicals like Svenska Dagbladet and Vagabond (magazine). In January and February 2008 Stockholm's Medelhavsmuseet exhibited photographs from Österlandet.
 Finisterra is a science fiction novelette published in 2007 by David Moles. It won the 2008 Theodore Sturgeon Memorial Award and was nominated for the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Novelette.
 The Man Who Turned Into A Stick(棒になった男 - Bō ni natta otoko) is a one-act play written by Kōbō Abe. It is the third of three plays written over twelve years (1957-1969) meant to symbolize the different stages of life usually shown together. The first representing birth is The Suitcase.
 The Mexia News is an afternoon newspaper published in Mexia Texas. In January 2009 it changed its name from The Mexia Daily News and converted its publication schedule from five days a week to three. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 Jolanta Antas (born 20 Feb 1954 Szczecin) is a Polish scientist and professor of linguistics at the Jagiellonian University of Kraków.She is the head of the Institute of Theory of Communication at the Faculty of Polish Language and Literature of the Jagiellonian University. She conducts research on pragmatic and semantic aspects of negation and lying. With a team of associates she's drafted a ground-breaking scientific study called “The map of Polish expressions”.
 The Press Enterprise is a daily newspaper published in Bloomsburg Pennsylvania USA. It is owned by the parent company Press Enterprise Inc. and run by the Eyerly family. The newspaper serves a wide area including Columbia County Montour County and Luzerne County. This includes the municipalities of Bloomsburg Danville Berwick Benton Millville Catawissa and Elysburg. Its editor-in-chief is Jim Sachetti.
 What Katy Did is an 1872 children's book written by Sarah Chauncey Woolsey under her pen name Susan Coolidge. It follows the adventures of a twelve-year-old American girl Katy Carr and her family who live in the fictional lakeside Ohio town of Burnet in the 1860s. Katy is a tall untidy tomboy forever getting into scrapes but wishing to be beautiful and beloved.
 Assassins: Assignment:Jerusalem Target:Antichrist is the sixth book in the Left Behind series. It was written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 1999. It was released in August 1999 and was on The New York Times Best Seller List for 39 weeks. It takes place 38–42 months into the Tribulation.
 Nälkämaan laulu (meaning the song of the hunger country) is a Finnish poem by Ilmari Kianto. It was turned into a song by Oskar Merikanto.The poem is a traditional poem from the region of Kainuu. Its lyrics describe the natural beauty of Kainuu the hard-working nature (see sisu) of the Kainuu people and their pride of their homeland.The poem starts like this: Kuulkaa korpeimme kuiskintaa jylhien järvien loiskintaa.
 Desert Punk (砂ぼうず Sunabōzu) is a post-apocalyptic manga series written and illustrated by Usune Masatoshi serialized in Enterbrain's Comic Beam since 1997. The published chapters have been collected in 13 volumes.The manga was adapted into a 24-episode anime television series produced by Gonzo and directed by Takayuki Inagaki with character designs by Takahiro Yoshimatsu and music by Kōhei Tanaka. FUNimation has licensed the series for distribution in the United States.
 The Broken Anchor is the 70th volume in the Nancy Drew Stories series. The PC adventure game Ransom of the Seven Ships is based on this book.
 Live For Love (愛に生きたいだけなのさ～BL探偵～ Ai ni Ikitai Dake na no sa ~BL Tantei~) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Jun Mayama. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on February 25 2009.
 Thick as Thieves is a 2011 novel by American author Peter Spiegelman. The book is the fifth novel by Spiegelman and was released on July 26 2011 in the United States through Knopf. The story surrounds a group of thieves following their reluctant leader Carr as he plans a million-dollar heist of a criminals compound. The novel was well received.
 May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso (Heartless Love) was a 1921 Tagalog-language novel written by renowned Filipino poet journalist and novelist Iñigo Ed. Regalado. A story of romance the novel revolves around love marriage adultery unfaithfulness treachery hatred disowning and forgiveness. May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso was one of the novels Regalado had written during the Golden Age of the Tagalog Novel (1905-1935).
 The Copper Beech is a 1992 novel by Irish author Maeve Binchy.The novel is centered around the lives of eight people each of which have etched their dreams or desires into a large beech tree on the last day of school. The novel follows the progression of their lives and whether or not they accomplish their dreams.Maura Brennan has no choice but to work after her schooling. She has a drunken father and so is happy to work as a live-in chamber maid in Ryan's hotel.
 Wren to the Rescue is a fiction novel by Sherwood Smith which she first wrote in high school in the mid-1960s. In that period Smith titled the story Tess's Mess. Described are the adventures of the title character Wren a female human orphan whose best friend Tess is revealed to be the princess of a neighbouring country. When Tess is kidnapped Wren races to her rescue making friends with students from a Magic School and learning about her own talents along the way.
 Exile of Atlantis is a short story by Robert E. Howard and is the first story written by Howard to feature his creation Kull set in his fictional Thurian Age.It details the events that lead Kull to be exiled by his tribe as well as foreshadows Kull's future as a great king through the use of a prophetic dream. This story would not be published until 1967 in the Lancer book King Kull.
 University World News is an online publication that reports higher education news from a global perspective. It is published as a free weekly emailed newsletter and website with original reports by correspondents from around the world as well as global summaries of higher education news analysis and features published by reputable newspapers magazines and higher education organisations.
 Bayou Arcana: Songs of Loss and Redemption is a graphic novel anthology of 11 stories created by a team of male writers and female artists first published in 2012. It draws heavily on the United States' 'Southern Gothic' tradition of mysticism in both the storytelling themes and visual art. Much of the stories' content is also related to cultural issues of oppression and retribution in the context of the history of the Southern United States
 Don't Go Near the Water is a 1956 novel by William Brinkley. The book parodies aspects of the wartime United States Navy particularly Navy public relations in which Brinkley served propaganda war correspondents civilian contempt for the regular military and Naval Intelligence.
 The Mutation is the 36th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Erica Bobone. It is narrated by Jake.
 The Mark of Athena is the third book of The Heroes of Olympus series written by Rick Riordan. It was released on October 2 2012. The novel takes place where the previous novel in the series Son of Neptune left off. The Mark of Athena follows the alternating Greek demigods: Annabeth Chase Leo Valdez Piper McLean and Percy Jackson as well as three Roman demigods who are Jason Grace Hazel Levesque and Frank Zhang.
 Bird Talk is a monthly magazine for bird owners and enthusiasts published by BowTie Inc. Each issue has articles which are generally focused around a specific topic as well as several regular features. The topics vary from bird care training behavior and health to discussion of new products and bird food recipes or raising a colony of mealworms.
 Raising Duncan was a partly autobiographical syndicated comic strip by Chris Browne. It ran from 2000 until 2005.The story followed the lives of 'Big Daddy' and his wife Adelle. They were both novelists. Adelle the more successful of the two was an award winning mystery writer. Big Daddy wrote romantic novels. They had two pets: Duncan a black Scottie dog after whom the strip was named and a cat called Brambley.
 Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium published by Random House in 1997 (ISBN 0-679-41160-7) is the last book written by renowned American astronomer and science popularizer Carl Sagan before his death in 1996.The book is a collection of essays Sagan wrote covering diverse topics like global warming the population explosion extraterrestrial life morality and the abortion debate.
 The Last Trump is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the June 1955 issue of Fantastic Universe and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth Is Room Enough. Although humorous it deals inter alia with a serious subject; calendar reform.
 The Kaiser's Last Kiss is a 2003 novel written by Alan Judd. The story gives a fictional account of the last few days in the life of exiled Kaiser Wilhelm II after his home at Doorn Netherlands is taken over by the invading Germans during the opening months of the Second World War. The book was published by Harper Perennial.
 Strange Loyalties is a 1991 crime novel by William McIlvanney. This book is the third in the series featuring the character Laidlaw. This series of books is recognised as the foundation of the Tartan Noir genre.
 The Gonzales Weekly Citizen is a semiweekly newspaper published Tuesdays and Fridays in Gonzales Louisiana by GateHouse Media.The Gonzales Weekly Citizen has served as the official journal for several entities including Ascension Parish government the Ascension Parish Sheriff's Office the city of Gonzales and the town of Sorrento Louisiana. The Gonzales Weekly Citizen is a member of the Louisiana Press Association.
 Annual Review of Environment and Resources is an annual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Annual Reviews Inc. It covers environmental science and engineering ecology conservation science water assets energy resources atmosphere oceans climate change agriculture livestock natural resource management and global change.
 Comics Revue presents Modesty Blaise was a small press magazine sized comic book published by Manuscript Press which reprinted Modesty Blaise comic strip stories by Peter O'Donnell illustrated by the artists Jim Holdaway (JH) Enrique Badia Romero (ER) John M. Burns (JB) Patrick Wright (PW) Neville Colvin (NC). It ran 25 issues between 1995 and 2000.
 The Book of Folly is a 1972 collection of poetry by American writer Anne Sexton.
 Wenming Xiaoshi (Chinese: 文明小史 Pinyin: Wénmíng Xiǎoshǐ Wade-Giles: Wen-ming Hsiao-shih Short History of Civilization or A Brief History of Modern Times or A Brief History of Enlightenment) is a novel by Li Baojia (Li Boyuan). The novel is a satire of pseudo-reformers in the Qing Dynasty period who found difficulty adjusting to modernization including its complexities and problems.
 Escape of the Living Dead is a five-issue zombie comic book limited series published by Avatar Press published in 2005. It is written by John A.
 Free Wood Post is a News Satire website. It is an online satirical take on current affairs featuring fake stories about politics pop culture and the marketplace. The website has been emerging and growing since the fall of 2011 and has been featured and debunked by several sources including; Snopes.com Forbes.com UrbanLegends.about.com as well as several others. Free Wood Post has a readership of over 8M views and counting.
 The Isle of Illusion is a children's fantasy book by Emily Rodda. It was published in 2002 by Scholastic. It is the second book in the Deltora Shadowlands series the second series in the Deltora Quest saga. It is preceded by Cavern of the Fear and followed by The Shadowlands.
 Praxis pietatis melica (Practice of piety in song) is an important Protestant hymnal of the 17th century published by Johann Crüger. The title is explained: das ist: Übung der Gottseeligkeit / In Christlichen und trostreichen Gesängen (which means: practice of godliness in Christian and comforting chants) intended to be used in both church and private service.
 Bookmarks is a bimonthly American literary magazine dedicated to general readers book groups and librarians. It carries the tagline For everyone who hasn't read everything. Launched in 2002 Bookmarks summarizes and distills published book reviews and includes articles covering classic and contemporary authors best-of genre reading lists reader recommendations and book group profiles.
 The Great Depression: America 1929–1941 (ISBN 978-0-8129-2327-8) is a 1984 history of the Great Depression by acclaimed historian Robert S. McElvaine. In this interpretive history McElvaine discusses the causes and the results of the worst depression in American history covering the time from 1929 to 1941. He examines the causes of this catacylmic event its impact upon the American people and the political governmental and cultural responses to it.
 Communications in Numerical Analysis is a peer-reviewed open access mathematics journal that covers research in all areas of numerical computational and applied mathematics. The journal addresses work at the interface between applied mathematics numerical computation subjected to the physical mechanical biological social and behavioral sciences with emphasis on new algorithms their analysis and numerical results in crisp fuzzy or non-fuzzy mathematics.
 Logical Analysis and History of Philosophy is a peer-reviewed journal of philosophy. The journal publishes original work focusing on interpreting classical philosophical texts by drawing on the resources of modern formal logic. Logical analysis is an instrument of interpretation to shift the interpretive focus from the purely exegetical approach towards a given text to the systematic reconstruction of a theory that concerns the issues that are discussed.
 ThreeWeeks is a newspaper that covers the Edinburgh Festivals in August respectively[1].It has covered the Edinburgh Festival since 1996 . It also once covered the Brighton Festival in 2006[2] but withdrew due to lack of financial support.
 The Interpretation of Murder published in 2006 is Jed Rubenfeld's first novel. The book is written in the first person perspective of Dr. Stratham Younger supposedly an American psychoanalyst. Other events where he is not present he is informed upon so that he has enough knowledge to write and comment on them.
 Sinner is a Ted Dekker mystery novel released in September 2008. It is the third in the series of the 'Project Showdown'(also known as 'The Paradise Novels') which includes Showdown and Saint. Set in the thirteen years after Saint this book focuses mainly on Billy and Darcy from the first book and Johnny from the first and the second.
 Talkative Man is a novel by R. K. Narayan first published in 1986 by Heinemann. The book is Narayan's 13th novel. Like his earlier novels this one is also set in the fictional town of Malgudi. The novel is a bit short by Narayan's standards but provides the same level of enjoyment one experiences with his other writings.
 Firelord is a historical fantasy novel by Parke Godwin published in 1980. It is a retelling of the King Arthur legend.The novel begins with a mortally wounded Arthur dictating his memoir to a friar at a monastery after the Battle of Camlann. In flashback the reader is led through his formative years his first meeting with Merlin his rise to fame in the service of the British high king Ambrosius Aurelianus his military campaigns against the Saxons and his eventual downfall.
 Lux-Post is a free weekly newspaper published in Luxembourg. It is published by Editpress. Lux-Post has the largest circulation of any newspaper in the country with over 135000 copies distributed a week.
 Training & Simulation Journal (TSJ) Training and Simulation Journal (TSJ) is a website and magazine covering the global military training and modeling and simulation industries published every two months.The website includes a range of news and features as well as monthly game reviews. The magazines include previews of the two major modeling and simulation trade conferences ITEC and the Interservice/Industry Training Simulation and Education Conference.
 The Advocate is an American LGBT-interest magazine printed bi-monthly and available by subscription. The Advocate brand also includes a website. Both magazine and website have an editorial focus on news politics opinion and arts and entertainment of interest to lesbians gay men bisexuals and transgender (LGBT) people.
 A Protégée of the Mistress (Vospitannitsa Воспитанница; also The Ward Girl) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky first published in the #1 January 1859 issue of Biblioteka Dlya Chteniya. In October 1859 it was banned from being staged by Imperial theatres and was premiered in Maly Theatre Moscow on October 21 1863.
 The Croydon Guardian (with locally branded editions) is a weekly free local newspaper covering the London Borough of Croydon South London and surrounding areas. The newspaper is published once a week every Wednesday and is distributed free of charge in the borough of Croydon. It is sold for 60p at newsagents and other shops in and around the borough.
 Berner Zeitung (literally: Journal of Bern) also branded as BZ is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published by Tamedia in Bern.
 Workers' Daily (Chinese: 工人日報; pinyin: Gōngrén Rìbào; lit. worker's daily) is a simplified Chinese language newspaper nationwide in China with the circulation of 960000.The newspaper has been published since 1946 reporting economic news in China.
 The Goddess of Ganymede is a science fiction novel by Michael Resnick. It was first published in book form in 1967 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 750 copies.
 Mystic Comics is the name of three comic book series published by the company that would eventually become Marvel Comics. The first two series were superhero anthologies published by Marvel's 1930-1940s predecessor Timely Comics during what fans and historians call the Golden Age of comic books. The third simply titled Mystic was a horror fiction-suspense anthology from Marvel's 1950s forerunner Atlas Comics.
 Big Apple Take Down is a 2006 novel written by Rudy Josephs and published by WWE Books. It is the second WWE novel following Journey into Darkness.
 The Female of the Species was the fifth Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1928 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper. 
 Mediterranean Historical Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1986 covering the ancient medieval early modern and contemporary history of the Mediterranean basin. It is published by Routledge on behalf of the School of History at Tel Aviv University.
 Musta hevonen (Finnish for the black horse) is a Finnish comic strip written and drawn by the comics artist Samson (Samuli Lintula). The strip features the horses Heikki (a steed named Horace in the English version) and Helka (a mare Melody in the English version) and the bird Sini (Sine). In North America the strip is syndicated by the Royal Comics Syndicate as Dark Side of the Horse.
 The Brain Spiders is the seventh book in the Galaxy of Fear series by John Whitman set in the Star Wars galaxy shortly after Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. Many canonical characters and elements appear in the Brain Spiders such as Jabba The Hutt and Bib Fortuna. The brain spider the title references can be seen in Return of the Jedi.
 The Oregon Experiment is a 1975 book by Christopher Alexander and collaborators Murray Silverstein Shlomo Angel Sara Ishikawa and Denny Abrams. It describes an experimental approach to campus community planning at the University of Oregon in Eugene Oregon which resulted in a theory of architecture and planning described in the group's later published and better-known volumes A Pattern Language and The Timeless Way of Building.
 Penguin Dreams and Stranger Things is the third collection of the comic strip series Bloom County by Berkeley Breathed. It was published in 1985.It is preceded by Toons For Our Times and followed by Bloom County Babylon.
 The Latham Diaries (ISBN 0-522-85215-7) is a political memoir by the former Federal Parliamentary Australian Labor Party (ALP) leader Mark Latham. The book published in 2005 by Melbourne University Press attracted a great amount of criticism. Much of the controversy revolved around Latham's candid and scathing criticisms of the ALP as well as highly personal and occasionally ribald comments regarding some individuals.
 “Haï” is an essay written by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Weather Report Girl (お天気お姉さん Otenki Onēsan) also known as Weather Woman is a two-episode anime yuri erotic OVA comedy series originally released in Japan in August 1994 by Toho and released in the U.S. on VHS in September 1996 and DVD August 2005 by The Right Stuf International. It is based on a softcore erotic manga by Tetsu Adachi.
 The Rodiad is a pornographic poem on the subject of flagellation published by John Camden Hotten in 1871 although falsely dated to 1810. It has been ascribed apparently falsely to George Colman the Younger. A candidate for its authorship is Richard Monckton Milnes.
 Mi Diario is a Spanish-language daily newspaper published in Panama City Panama.
 The Book of the Breast redirects hereIshtar Rising fully titled Ishtar Rising: Why the Goddess Went to Hell and What to Expect Now That She's Returning is a book by Robert Anton Wilson published in 1989. It is a revision of Wilson’s earlier The Book of the Breast first published by Playboy Press in 1974 which contained a large number of images not present in the current version. In it Wilson discusses his ideas on the female form feminism and ancient Goddess worship.
 The Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences is an academic journal published by the New York Academy of Sciences. It is one of the oldest science journals still being published having been founded in 1823. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.364 ranking it 6th out of 56 journals in the category Multidisciplinary sciences.
 El Negro Blanco is an Argentine comic strip that was published by the Clarín newspaper from 1987 to 1994. It was written by Carlos Trillo and drawn by Ernesto García Seijas. The words Negro and Blanco mean black and white in Spanish but the title is not intended to set a black-and-white dichotomy Blanco is simply the family name of the main character and Negro is a common Argentinian nickname.
 Hunger Mountain is an American literary magazine founded in 2002 by Caroline Mercurio. It is based in Montpelier Vermont at The Vermont College of Fine Arts one of the top-ranked low residency MFA (Master of Fine Arts) programs in the country. Originally published in Spring and Fall there is now a yearly print issue in Fall and three online issues in January May and September.
 Dawkins vs. Gould: Survival of the Fittest is a book by philosopher of biology Kim Sterelny about the differing views of biologists Richard Dawkins and Stephen Jay Gould. When first published in 2001 it became an international bestseller. A new edition was published in 2007 to include Gould's The Structure of Evolutionary Theory finished shortly before his death in 2002 and more recent works by Dawkins. The synopsis below is from the 2007 publication.
 Monday Mourning is the seventh novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan. Kathy Reichs herself is a forensic anthropologist who works for Office of the Chief Medical Examiner State of North Carolina and for the Laboratoire des Sciences Judiciaires et de Médecine Légale for the province of Quebec.
 The Apex Herald was a newspaper based in Apex North Carolina USA covering Apex North Carolina. It closed in 2013.
 The Seer Series is a paranormal young adult book series written by American novelist Linda Joy Singleton. There are six books in the series the first being Don't Die Dragonfly. The first five books are published by Llewellyn Publications but the last is published by Flux. Witch Ball the third book in the series was selected as a Young Adult Library Services Association (YALSA) Quick Pick in 2007.
 Magic's Price is the 1992 fantasy novel and final in the The Last Herald Mage Trilogy by Mercedes Lackey.
 The Lurker at the Threshold is a short novel in the Cthulhu Mythos genre of horror. It was written in 1945 by August Derleth based on two short fragments written by H. P. Lovecraft who died in 1937 and published as a collaboration between the two authors. According to S. T. Joshi of the novel's 50000 words 1200 were written by Lovecraft.The book was originally published by Arkham House in an edition of 3041 copies.
 Ah Pook Is Here was a collaboration between author William S. Burroughs and artist Malcolm McNeill. It began in 1970 when Burroughs was living in London and McNeill was in his final year of art school. It first appeared under the title The Unspeakable Mr. Hart as a comic strip in the English Cyclops.
 Aa Harimanada (ああ播磨灘) is a Japanese media franchise that began with a 1991 manga by Kei Sadayasu published in Kodansha's Weekly Morning. A television anime series was broadcast in 1992.The series was later adapted to a video game developed and published by ASK for the Game Boy Sega Game Gear and Sega Mega Drive. It was released in Japan on July 23 1993.
 Red: The Heroic Rescue is a novel by Christian author Ted Dekker. It is the second book in the Circle Series and is a part of the Books of History Chronicles.
 The Alto Wore Tweed is the first novel in the St. Germaine mystery series by Mark Schweizer.In this book Hayden Koenig investigates the murder of a janitor found in the choirloft.
 The College Mathematics Journal published by the Mathematical Association of America is an expository journal aimed at teachers of college mathematics particular those teaching the first two years. It is a continuation of Two-Year College Mathematics Journal. It covers all aspects of mathematics.
 The Course of Time is a ten-book poem in blank verse first published in 1827. It was the last published and most famous work of Scottish poet Robert Pollok.
 Our Crowd is a book by Stephen Birmingham that documents the lives of prominent New York Jewish families of the 19th Century. Historian Louis Auchincloss called it A fascinating and absorbing chapter of New York social and financial history... There have been 14 editions of the book as of 2007.
 The Pittsburgh Catholic is the weekly Catholic newspaper for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh published for lay people and priests. It labels itself as the oldest Catholic newspaper in continuous publication. The newspaper was established in 1844 by Pittsburgh's first bishop Michael O'Connor.
 Clinical Pharmacology: Advances and Applications is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in pharmacology. The journal was established in 2010 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Black Friday is the fifthteenth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore and the third book of the Aramov trilogy the sequel series to the best-selling original CHERUB series which was published between 2004 and 2010. This carries on from the series featuring long-standing central character James Adams. The series has a new central character called Ryan Sharma.
 U.S. Foreign Policy is a 1943 book by Walter Lippmann. It was published by Little Brown and Company.
 Wandering Son (放浪息子 Hōrō Musuko) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takako Shimura. It was originally serialized in Comic Beam from the December 2002 to August 2013 issue and published in 15 tankōbon volumes by Enterbrain from July 2003 to August 2013. The series is licensed in English by Fantagraphics Books which released the first volume in North America in July 2011.
 Singularity 7 is a four-issue comic book mini-series created written and illustrated by Ben Templesmith. It was published by IDW Publishing in 2004. The series combines elements of science-fiction cyberpunk and horror to tell the story of a post-apocalyptic dystopian future.The title is a reference to the multiple definitions of ‘singularity’. Burton C.
 Lizard (とかげ) is a short story collection by Banana Yoshimoto written in 1993 and translated into English in 1995 by Ann Sherif. It is a collection of six short stories on love and the healing power of time. In the American edition Banana dedicates her book to Kurt Cobain.
 A Privataria Tucana is a book written by journalist Amaury Ribeiro Jr. Ribeiro Jr. is a former special reporter of weekly magazine ISTOÉ and daily newspaper O Globo and has won several Esso Journalism Awards. The Portuguese title is A Privataria Tucana where Privataria is a neologism combining Privatization and Piracy and Tucano is a common nickname given to members of the PSDB party from one of the symbols of the party the Toucan bird.
 The Language of Music is a 1959 book by the critic and musician Deryck Cooke.
 Genomics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in genomics publishing articles on topics such as comparative genomics functional genomics association studies regulatory DNA elements and genetics on a genome-wide scale. The journal was launched in September 1987.
 The Dwarf (hangul:난장이가 쏘아 올린 작은 공) is Korean novel written by Cho Se-hui which was published in 1978. According to Professor Bruce Fulton it is the most important piece of Korean fiction since World War II. The Dwarf was a best-seller in Korea and was also made into a feature film titled A Dwarf Launches a Little Ball (1980) by director Lee Won-se.
 Oil! is a novel by Upton Sinclair published in 1927 told as a third person narrative. However the opening pages are written in second person. The book was written in the context of the Harding administration's Teapot Dome Scandal and takes place in Southern California. It is a social and political satire skewering the human foibles of all its characters. The main character is James Arnold Ross Jr. nicknamed Bunny son of an oil tycoon.
 International Accounting Bulletin is a monthly accountancy trade magazine that covers the global accounting business. It is also known under the acronym IAB.
 The Untold Legend of the Batman is a three-issue Batman comic book miniseries published by DC Comics in 1980. It was written by Len Wein. The first issue was penciled by John Byrne and inked by Jim Aparo. The second and third issues were drawn entirely by Aparo. José Luis García-López drew the covers for the entire series. The primary plot elements of the story are retellings of the origins of several Batman characters.
 Them: Adventures with Extremists is a book by British journalist Jon Ronson published in 2001.The book accompanied Ronson's documentary series The Secret Rulers of the World which covered similar topics and depicted many of the same episodes.
 Evaluation & the Health Professions is a peer-reviewed public health journal that covers all aspects of the evaluation of health care. The editor-in-chief is Steve Sussman (University of Southern California). The journal was established in 1978 and is published by Sage Publications.
 In the Path of the Storm is the sixth book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series. It was first published in 1989 and has since been included in a single book with The Siege of White Deer Park and Battle for the Park in the Second Omnibus edition (Hutchinson 1995).
 The Soul of Baseball: A Road Trip Through Buck O'Neil's America is a 2007 book written by Joe Posnanski about Buck O'Neil an American professional baseball player in the Negro Leagues during the 1940s and 1950s. O'Neil's contributions to the game of baseball and his love for the sport garnered national attention when he was featured in Ken Burns' 1994 documentary Baseball.
 Studies in African Music is a 1959 book in two volumes by A.M. Jones. It is an in-depth analysis of the traditional music of the Ewe tribe.
 Investigative Ophthalmology & Visual Science (IOVS) published as ready online is a peer-reviewed academic journal of the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO). IOVS features original research mostly pertaining to clinical and laboratory ophthalmology and vision research in general.IOVS is regarded as a premier basic science journal for the field of ophthalmology and is among the highest ranked by impact factor.
 The Infernal is a 1997 horror/fantasy novel by Kim Wilkins. It follows the story of musician whose fans keep turning up dead and who is having memories that don't belong to her.
 Extinction is the last of Thomas Bernhard’s novels. It was originally published in German in 1986.
 A Stranger Is Watching (1977) is a suspense novel by Mary Higgins Clark.
 Maxim is the Indian edition of the United Kingdom-based international monthly men's magazine called Maxim. It is known for its revealing pictorials featuring popular actresses singers and female models none of which are nudes. The first issue of the Indian edition of Maxim was the January 2006 issue featuring Priyanka Chopra on the cover. The first issue was released on 28 December 2005.
 Telangana: The State of Affairs is a book edited by M. Bharath Bhushan and N. Venugopal.
 Seeing Voices: A Journey Into the World of the Deaf is a 1989 book by neurologist Oliver Sacks. The book covers a variety of topics in deaf studies including sign language the neurology of deafness the history of the treatment of deaf Americans and linguistic and social challenges facing the deaf community.
 Callaloo A Journal of African Diaspora Arts and Letters is a quarterly literary magazine that was established in 1976 by Charles Rowell who remains its editor-in-chief.
 Maison Ikkoku (めぞん一刻 Mezon Ikkoku) is a Japanese seinen manga written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi and serialized in the manga magazine Big Comic Spirits from 1980 through 1987. Maison Ikkoku is a bitter-sweet comedic romance involving a group of madcap people who live in a boarding house in 1980s Tokyo.
 Forest Pathology/Journal de Pathologie Forestière/Zeitschrift für Forstpathologie is a peer-reviewed scientific journal dedicated to forest pathology.
 The African Leaders' State of Africa Report offers a commentary on politics and policies from the perspective of the individuals shaping those trends.
 Ender's Stocking is a story by Orson Scott Card set in his Ender's Game universe. It tells the story of how Ender’s brother Peter figures out how he can get people to do what he wants. It appears in Card's Webzine InterGalactic Medicine Show.
 Inked is a tattoo lifestyle magazine that bills itself as the outsiders' insider magazine. Covering music fashion art sports and the rest of the lifestyle of the tattooed Inked has made the transition from the tattoo section of the newsstand to sit among GQ and Vanity Fair. Tattooed women like Kat Von D Avril Lavigne Diablo Cody Eve and Malin Akerman have appeared on Inked's cover.
 Tiny Sepuku is a syndicated comic strip created by Ken Cursoe based around a character named Tiny Sepuku (usually addressed simply as Tiny by readers - every question starts with the salutation Dear Tiny) who answers questions from his readers and generally dispenses love advice. The humor is occasionally self-parodying where the author may make light of his own experiences and it is frequently cynical on the topic of love.
 The Hunger and Other Stories is the first collection of short stories by Charles Beaumont published in April of 1957. A British edition was published in 1964 under the title Shadow Play.
 Education in Chemistry is a magazine published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It covers all areas of chemistry education concentrating on the teaching of chemistry in secondary schools and universities. The editor is Karen Ogilvie.
 Illusions perdues was written by the French writer Honoré de Balzac between 1837 and 1843.It consists of three parts starting in the provinces thereafter moving to Paris and finally returning to provincial France. Thus it resembles another of Balzac’s greatest novels La Rabouilleuse (The Black Sheep) in that it is set partly in Paris and partly in the provinces.
 The Late Scholar is the fourth Lord Peter Wimsey detective novel to be written by Jill Paton Walsh. It was published by Hodder & Stoughton on December 5 2013 in the UK and on January 14 2014 in North America.The Late Scholar features Lord Peter Wimsey - now the Duke of Denver - and his wife Harriet Vane set in a (fictional) Oxford college called St.
 The Sleeping Beauty Trilogy is a series of three novels written by American author Anne Rice under the pseudonym of A. N. Roquelaure. The trilogy comprises The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty Beauty's Punishment and Beauty's Release first published individually in 1983 1984 and 1985 in the United States. They are erotic BDSM novels set in a medieval fantasy world loosely based on the fairy tale of Sleeping Beauty.
 The Shattered Peace by Jude Watson is the tenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 Writing War: Fiction Gender & Memory is a 1991 text on women authors war stories and literary criticism by American professor Lynne Hanley.
 Bread and Roses Too is a 2006 children's book written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson. Set in Lawrence Massachusetts in 1912 in the aftermath of the Lawrence textile strike (also known as the Bread and Roses Strike) the book focuses on the Italian-born daughter of mill workers who finds herself becoming the protector of a boy who is afraid to return home to his abusive father.
 Japan (ジャパン) is a manga series by Eiji Ohtsuka with art by Mami Itoh.
 The Fifth Son of the Shoemaker is a book by Donald Corley illustrated by the author. It was his best known work and his only novel though according to Lin Carter it is actually a volume of short stories under the guise of a novel. The book was first published in hardcover in New York by Robert M. McBride in September 1930.
 The Victorian is a 25-issue comic book series published by Penny-Farthing Press and starting in 1999. The brainchild of creator Trainor Houghton the series included a number of notable script writers and illustrators including Len Wein Glen Orbik and Howard Chaykin.
 Human Chain (2010) is the twelfth and final poetry collection by Seamus Heaney who received the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature. It won the Forward Poetry Prize Best Collection 2010 award the Irish Times Poetry Now Award for 2011 and the 2011 Griffin Poetry Prize. This was Heaney's second Poetry Now Award having previously won in 2007 for District and Circle.
 The Structure of Science is a 1961 book by the philosopher Ernest Nagel.
 Thieves of Baghdad is a non-fictional account written by Col. Matthew Bogdanos about the quest to recover over a thousand lost artifacts from the National Museum of Iraq in Baghdad after the country's counter-invasion. [1]
 Xtra Vancouver (ISSN 1198-0613) formerly Xtra! West is a gay biweekly newspaper on newsprint in tabloid format published by Pink Triangle Press in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. It is a sister publication to Xtra and Xtra Ottawa.Xtra! West was founded in July 1993. It has become Vancouver's largest and most widely read publication targeting Vancouver's gay and lesbian community.
 Clinics in Dermatology is a medical journal published for the International Academy of Cosmetic Dermatology by Elsevier addressing clinical treatment and care of skin disorders.
 Break Shot (ブレイクショット Bureikushotto) is a Japanese manga series that spans 16 volumes. Many of the shots portrayed in the series are based on actual billiards principles though they are highly dramatized and sometimes ignore principles of physics.
 Nine Stories (1953) is a collection of short stories by American fiction writer J. D. Salinger published in May 1953. It includes two of his most famous short stories A Perfect Day for Bananafish and For Esmé – with Love and Squalor. (Nine Stories is the U.S.
 Solar Energy Perspectives is a 2011 book by the International Energy Agency.Solar energy technologies come in various forms – solar heating solar photovoltaics solar thermal electricity – and can make considerable contributions to solving some of the most urgent problems the world now faces:The development of affordable inexhaustible and clean solar energy technologies will have huge longer-term benefits.
 Pirita Karjalan tytär (Finnish: Pirita the Daughter of Karelia) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Parents published by Meredith Corporation is an American mass circulation monthly magazine that features scientific information on child development geared to help parents in raising their children. It was first published in October 1926 and soon was selling 100000 copies a month.Its editorial focus is on the daily needs and concerns of mothers with young children. The glossy monthly features information about child health safety behavior discipline and education.
 Alone Against Tomorrow: Stories of Alienation in Speculative Fiction is a collection of short stories by author Harlan Ellison. Published in the United States in 1971 as a ten-year retrospective of Ellison's short stories it includes some of his most famous work. It was later published in the UK in two volumes as All the Sounds of Fear in 1973 and The Time of the Eye in 1974 (the 1974 volume only containing a new introduction).
 Hotel Lautréamont is a 1992 poetry collection by the American writer John Ashbery. The title comes from the symbolist poet Comte de Lautréamont.
 Moon of Israel is a novel by Rider Haggard first published in 1918 by John Murray. The novel narrates the events of the Biblical Exodus from Egypt told from the perspective of a scribe named Ana.Haggard dedicated his novel to Sir Gaston Maspero a distinguished Egyptologist and director of Cairo Museum.
 The Journal of International Commercial Law and Technology is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal covering international commercial law and technology. It is published by the International Association of IT Lawyers. The editor-in-chief is Sylvia Kierkegaard. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus Academic OneFile HeinOnline and EBSCOHost.
 Nightmares & Dreamscapes is a short story collection by Stephen King published in 1993.
 The Public Interest (1965-2005) was a quarterly public policy journal founded by the New York intellectuals Daniel Bell and Irving Kristol in 1965. It was a leading neoconservative journal on political economy and culture aimed at a readership of journalists scholars and policy makers.
 Inside Scientology: How I Joined Scientology and Became Superhuman is a non-fiction book that takes a critical look at the Church of Scientology. It was written by Robert Kaufman and published in 1972 by Olympia Press. The book was the first to disclose secret Scientology materials. It was also published in 1972 in German and was the first extensive critical report on Scientology in German.The book has subsequently been revised in a 1995 edition entitled: Inside Scientology/Dianetics.
 Camp X is a children's spy novel written by Canadian author Eric Walters. Set in World War II the novel is about brothers Jack and George trying to save a top secret Canadian military base called Camp X which they accidentally discovered after playing a fake game of war.Camp X was first published in 2002 and was followed by several sequels such as Camp 30 Fool's Gold Shell Shocked and Trouble in Paradise.
 The Black Book of Communism: Crimes Terror Repression is a book written by several European academics and edited by Stéphane Courtois which documents a history of repressions both political and civilian by Communist states including genocides extrajudicial executions deportations and artificial famines. The book was originally published in 1997 in France under the title Le Livre noir du communisme: Crimes terreur répression by Éditions Robert Laffont.
 There But For The is a 2011 novel by Scottish author Ali Smith first published in the UK by Hamish Hamilton and in the US by Pantheon and set in 2009 and 2010 in Greenwich London. It was cited by both The Guardian book review and the Publishers Weekly as one of the best books of the year. and was also longlisted for the 2012 Orange Prize for Fiction.
 Allure is a U.S. women’s beauty magazine published monthly by Conde Nast in New York City. It was founded in 1991 by editor in chief Linda Wells who has been at the helm of the magazine ever since. A signature of the magazine is its annual Best of Beauty awards—accolades given in the October issue to beauty products deemed the best by magazine staff.
 Kimera stylized as Ki*Me*Ra is a two-volume manga series written and illustrated by Kazuma Kodaka and serialized in Super Jump. It was adapted into a single episode original video animation by Toho in 1996. Both the manga and OVA were licensed and released in English by ADV Films. It focuses on a man named Osamu who falls in love with an androgynous vampire-like man named Kimera being held by the Air Force and hunted by two other vampires.
 My Man Jeeves is a collection of short stories by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom in May 1919 by George Newnes. Of the eight stories in the collection half feature the popular characters Jeeves and Bertie Wooster while the others concern Reggie Pepper an early prototype for Wooster.
 For the astronomical object see Variable star.Variable Star is a 2006 novel written by Spider Robinson based on the surviving seven pages of an eight-page 1955 novel outline by the late Robert A. Heinlein. The book is set in a divergent offshoot of Heinlein's Future History and contains many references to works by Heinlein and other authors. It describes the coming of age of a young musician who signs on to the crew of a starship as a way of escaping from a failed romance.
 Middle Woman is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collections Cardography and Maps in a Mirror. Card originally published this in an anthology he was editing called Dragons of Darkness under the name Byron Walley.
 The Last Space Viking is a science fiction novel written by John F. Carr and Mike Robertson a sequel to H. Beam Piper's Space Viking and is set in Piper's Terro-Human future history.
 Luke Skywalker and the Shadows of Mindor is a standalone novel that chronicles the Battle of Mindor a fictional event in the Star Wars Expanded Universe. The novel was written by Matthew Stover and was released in December 2008.The novel is set shortly after Return of the Jedi and the novel Prophets of the Dark Side with Luke Skywalker and the Rebel Alliance attempting to stop Lord Shadowspawn and his shadow stormtroopers culminating in the Battle of Mindor.
 Fair then Partly Piggy known in Japan as Hare Tokidoki Buta (はれときどきぶた) is a picture book written by Shiro Yadama.
 Fear The Worst is a novel written by Canadian author Linwood Barclay the author of the Richard & Judy Summer read winner No Time For Goodbye.==Very good novelReferences==
 Genome: The Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters is a 1999 popular science book by Matt Ridley published by Fourth Estate.The book devotes one chapter to each pair of human chromosomes. Since one (unnumbered) chapter is required to discuss the sex chromosomes the final chapter is number 22. Ridley was inspired to adopt this model by Primo Levi's book The Periodic Table.The book discusses various ways in which genes affect human life from physiology to disease and behavior.
 Animals Property and the Law (1995) is a book by Gary Francione Distinguished Professor of Law and Nicholas deB. Katzenbach Scholar of Law & Philosophy at Rutgers School of Law–Newark. The book was the first extensive jurisprudential treatment of animal rights.
 Into The Storm is the first book of the Destroyermen series. A series of alternate history novels by Taylor Anderson. The main character of the series is the four-stacker USS Walker (DD-163) which in this series is part of the United States Asiatic Fleet and being pursued by the Japanese battlecruiser Amagi.
 The Cat Who Sniffed Glue is the eighth book in The Cat Who Series by Lilian Jackson Braun published in 1988.Pickax City is first disrupted by vandalism then by murder. Harley Fitch vice-president of the Pickax Bank and his wife Belle are found shot to death and vandals from neighboring Chipmunk are suspected. After three suspects die in a car accident the case is closed. But Qwilleran doesn't agree.
 A Crime in the Neighborhood is a novel by Suzanne Berne. It won the Orange Prize for Fiction in 1999. Told through the eyes of a ten-year-old girl the book chronicles a child's murder in a sleepy suburb of Washington D.C. against the backdrop of the unfolding Watergate scandal.
 Monnè outrages et defis is a novel by Ivorian author Ahmadou Kourouma. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 1990.
 777 and Other Qabalistic Writings of Aleister Crowley is a collection of papers written by Aleister Crowley. It was edited and introduced by Dr. Israel Regardie and is a reference book based on the Hermetic Qabalah.
 The Revolution of Everyday Life (French: Traité de savoir-vivre à l’usage des jeunes générations) is a 1967 book by Raoul Vaneigem Belgian author philosopher and one time member of the Situationist International (1961–1970). The original title literally translates as Treatise on Living for the Younger Generations.
 Make Love Not War: The Sexual Revolution: An Unfettered History is a 2001 book by David Allyn. The book documents the history of sexual revolution that took place in the United States in the 1960s.
 Dry Heat (我らの水はどこにある Warera no Mizu wa Doko ni Aru) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada. It was seralised in Hanaoto magazine and collected into a bound volume by Houbunsha in 2002. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its June imprint on 24 February 2010.
 The American Economic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics publishing twelve (formerly seven) issues annually by the American Economic Association. First published in 1911 it is considered one of the most prestigious journals in the field. The current editor-in-chief is Pinelopi Koujianou Goldberg (Yale University). The previous editor was Robert Moffitt.
 Világgazdaság (World Economy in English) is the leading Hungarian business daily newspaper published by Axel Springer AG.
 The Fiction Monthly (Chinese: 小说月报) was a Chinese literary journal published by the Commercial Press in Shanghai. First published in July 1910 its original editors were Yun Tieqiao (恽铁樵) and Wang Chunnong (王莼农). In January 1921 Mao Dun (Shen Yanbing) became its chief editor beginning with Volume 10 Issue 1. Fiction Monthly closed its doors in 1932 after the Japanese invasion of Shanghai with their naval and air bombardment (January 28 Incident).
 Allan's Illustrated Edition of Tyneside Songs and Readings (full title is given later) is a book of Tyneside popular and traditional songs consisting of approximately 400 song lyrics on over 600 pages published in 1891. It was reprinted in 1972 by Frank Graham Newcastle upon Tyne with an introduction by David Harker.
 Story Without Words (French: Histoire sans paroles: 60 images dessinées et gravées sur bois) is a wordless novel of 1920 by Flemish artist Frans Masereel. In 60 captionless woodcut prints the story tells of a man who strives to win the love of a woman.
 Fer-de-Lance is the first Nero Wolfe detective novel written by Rex Stout published in 1934 by Farrar & Rinehart Inc. The novel appeared in abridged form in The American Magazine (November 1934) under the title Point of Death. The novel was adapted for the 1936 movie Meet Nero Wolfe. In his seminal 1941 work Murder for Pleasure crime fiction historian Howard Haycraft included Fer-de-Lance in his definitive list of the most influential works of mystery fiction.
 The Time Stream is a science fiction novel by author John Taine (pseudonym of Eric Temple Bell). The novel was originally serialized in four parts in the magazine Wonder Stories beginning in December 1931. It was first published in book form in 1946 by The Buffalo Book Company in an edition of 2000 copies of which only 500 were ever bound. It is the first novel to see time as a flowing stream.
 Mike Oldfield - A Life Dedicated To Music (ISBN 978-1-906385-35-4) is a biography of Mike Oldfield published in May 2013 by Brimstone Press. It was written by Chris Dewey who is also the editor of Dark Star the official fan magazine for Mike Oldfield.
 Lincoln: A Photobiography is an illustrated biography of Abraham Lincoln written by Russell Freedman and published in 1987. The book won the Newbery Medal in 1988. It was the first nonfiction book to do so in 30 years.The photobiography covers Lincoln's entire life: his childhood his stint as a lawyer his courtship and marriage to Mary Todd Lincoln as well as his ascent from Congressman to President.
 Sweeny Toddler (a play on Sweeney Todd) also known as Help! It's Sweeny Toddler was a fictional character and comic strip in originally the UK comic Shiver and Shake first appearing in issue 1 dated 10 March 1973 in the Shiver section.Originally drawn by Leo Baxendale Sweeny was a two-year-old 'toddler from hell'. With his pet dog Henry he caused sheer havoc around town the outcome of which would usually involve being caught by his parents and punished with the slipper.
 Running on Empty is the 36th young adult novel in the long running and successful Hardy Boys casebook series for boys written by Franklin W. Dixon. It was first published by Simon Pulse in 1990. In it The Hardy Boys investigate the disappearance of their friend Chet Morton and go undercover.
 The Beilstein Journal of Organic Chemistry is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal established in 2005. It is published by BioMed Central on behalf of the Beilstein Institute for the Advancement of Chemical Sciences a German non-profit foundation.
 That's Life! is a magazine aimed toward a young female demographic and specialises in gritty real life stories contributed by its readers. The magazine is published in the UK and Ireland by H Bauer Publishing whose other titles include Take a Break and Bella.
 Petit Albert is an 18th-century grimoire of natural and cabalistic magic.
 The Bermuda Triangle is a best-selling 1974 book by Charles Berlitz which popularized the belief of the Bermuda Triangle as an area of ocean prone to disappearing ships and airplanes. The book sold nearly 20 million copies in 30 languages.In the book Berlitz elaborates upon several theories for the purported disappearances although he only gives credence to theories that have natural background.
 Strange Toys is a fantasy novel written by Patricia Geary and published in 1987. It won the Philip K. Dick Award that year.
 The Peacekeepers is a Star Trek: The Next Generation novel by Gene DeWeese. It is set at an undetermined point during the series' first season prior to Tasha Yar's death in the episode Skin of Evil.
 Ali's Smile: Naked Scientology is a collection of essays and a short story by American Beat writer William S. Burroughs (1914–97). First published in 1971 as the short story Ali's Smile the book eventually contained a group of previously published newspaper articles as well all of which address Scientology. Burroughs had been interested in Scientology throughout the 1960s believing that its methods might help combat a controlling society.
 Affilia: Journal of Women and Social Work is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of social work. The journal's editors-in-chief are Debora Ortega (University of Denver) and Noël Busch-Armendariz (University of Texas at Austin). It was established in 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Van Richten's Guide to the Lich is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi (アベノ橋魔法☆商店街 Abenobashi Mahō Shōtengai) is a Japanese anime television series created by Gainax. The supernatural comedy drama is directed by Hiroyuki Yamaga.The series premiered April 4 2002 on Kids Station. It was licensed in North America by ADV Films. A manga adaptation authored by Satoru Akahori was published in English by Tokyopop; the Tokyopop version of the manga is out of print as of August 31 2009.
 Skulduggery Pleasant: The Faceless Ones (sometimes known simply as Skulduggery Pleasant 3) is the third novel in the Skulduggery Pleasant novels written by Derek Landy.The story continues after the events of the second book and follows the undead wizard and detective Skulduggery Pleasant and his fourteen-year-old assistant Valkyrie Cain as they try attempt to prevent the Diablerie from finding a way to open a gate between earth and the Faceless Ones.
 Venus is a science fiction novel by Ben Bova part of the Grand Tour novel series and first published in the year 2000. The story follows Van Humphries the son of the ruthless tycoon Martin Humphries and his experiences on Venus.
 Ramona the Brave is a children's novel written by Beverly Cleary. The third book in the Ramona series it follows Ramona Quimby and her classmates into first grade. Ramona the Brave was first published in 1975 seven years after Ramona the Pest. It was originally illustrated by Alan Tiegreen.
 The Encyclopedia of Public Health is a reference set of four volumes covering all aspects of public health for the lay reader. It covers infectious diseases and other topics related to public health such as causes of injury or chronic diseases. The 900 articles are written by experts in this domain.Topics indirectly related but relevant to public health such as the oath of Hippocrates are covered.
 For 1823-1898 newspaper see New-York Mirror. For other uses see Daily Mirror (disambiguation).The New York Daily Mirror was an American morning tabloid newspaper first published on June 24 1924 in New York City by the William Randolph Hearst organization as a contrast to their mainstream broadsheets the Evening Journal and New York American later consolidated into the New York Journal American.
 Blick am Abend is a German free evening newspaper published in Switzerland and based in Zürich.
 Venus in Furs (German: Venus im Pelz) is a novella by the Austrian author Leopold von Sacher-Masoch and the best known of his works. The novel was to be part of an epic series that Sacher-Masoch envisioned called Legacy of Cain. Venus in Furs was part of Love the first volume of the series. It was published in 1870.
 Steam Detectives (快傑蒸気探偵団 Kaiketsu Jōki Tanteidan) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kia Asamiya. The manga was originally serialized in Ultra Jump. It was later adapted into a 26-episode anime TV series which ran from October 1998 to March 1999 on TV Tokyo. In North America the anime is licensed by ADV Films and the manga by Viz Media.
 Nucleic Acids Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press. It covers research on nucleic acids such as DNA and RNA and related work. Some of its content is available under an open access license. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal's 2012 impact factor is 8.278.
 Lost Horizon is a 1933 novel by English writer James Hilton. The book was turned into a movie also called Lost Horizon in 1937 by director Frank Capra. It is best remembered as the origin of Shangri-La a fictional utopian lamasery high in the mountains of Tibet.
 The Summoned is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: Who is next to be marked for death?
 Another World is a novel by Pat Barker published in 1998. The novel concerns Geordie a 101 year-old Somme veteran in the last days before his death.
 Progress in Neurobiology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of neuroscience with an emphasis on multidisciplinary approaches. It was established in 1973 and is published by Elsevier. The editor-in-chief is Michael J. Zigmond (University of Pittsburgh).
 All the King's Horses is a short story written in or before 1951 by Kurt Vonnegut. It can be found in his collection of short stories Welcome to the Monkey House. It derives its title from a line in the Humpty Dumpty nursery rhyme.
 Reviving Ophelia: Saving the Selves of Adolescent Girls is a 1994 book written by Dr. Mary Pipher. This book takes a look at the effects of societal pressures on American adolescent girls and utilizes many case studies from the author's experience as a therapist. The book has been described as a call to arms and highlights the increased levels of sexism and violence that affect young females.
 Denise Vega is an author of young-adult books with her first novel Click Here : (To Find Out How I Survived Seventh Grade).
 Ten Days in a Mad-House is a book by newspaper reporter Nellie Bly. Ten Days in a Mad-House was initially published as a series of articles for the New York World. Bly later compiled the articles into a book which was published by Ian L. Munro in New York City in 1887. The book comprised Bly's reportage for the New York World while on an undercover assignment in which she feigned insanity at a women's boarding house so as to be involuntarily committed to the Blackwell's Island Insane Asylum.
 El Temps (Valencian pronunciation: [eɫ ˈtems] 'The Times') is a weekly newsmagazine published in Valencia by Edicions del País Valencià since 1984. It is distributed throughout the whole Països Catalans. Eliseu Climent is its publisher and instigator. The publication has offices in Barcelona Valencia and Palma.El Temps has become a reference to the Catalan Countries where it has attained great prestige so that in 2001 it has achieved a circulation of 25000 copies.
 Jan’s Story: Love Lost to the Long Goodbye of Alzheimer's is a book by Barry Petersen in about his wife's battle with the early onset of Alzheimer's disease. The book was published in June 2010.In this book CBS News Correspondent Barry Petersen recounts his struggle as he takes on the role of caregiver for his wife Jan.
 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (original title in Swedish: Män som hatar kvinnor – literally men who hate women) is a crime novel by the late Swedish author and journalist Stieg Larsson. It is the first book of the Millennium trilogy which when published posthumously in 2005 became a best-seller in Europe and the United States.
 GLitcH! is a comic strip written by Ed Wiens which focuses on the adventures and mis-adventures that Norb and Norb's family & friends have with GLitcH Norb's computer.The comic strip has been in production since 1996 and is self-syndicated in Edmonton Alberta Canada.Beginning with a circulation base of only several hundred in a newsletter for a Government of Alberta newsletter publication of GLitcH! comics grew yearly in circulation numbers to approximately 1.2 million pieces of print per month by 1998 and was distributed in five major regions in Canada. 
 The original Dark Sun Boxed Set is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1991.
 Reveries of a Solitary Walker (or Reveries of the Solitary Walker French title: Les Rêveries du promeneur solitaire) is an unfinished book by Genevan philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau written between 1776 and 1778. It was the last of a number of works composed toward the end of his life which were deeply autobiographical in nature. Previous elements in this group included The Confessions and Dialogues: Rousseau Judge of Jean-Jacques. The book is divided into ten chapters called Walks.
 Ararat Quarterly (1959–2008) is an international quarterly of literature history popular culture and the arts published in EnglishThe quarterly is published by the Armenian General Benevolent Union (AGBU) in New York NY.
 Forbes is an American business magazine owned by Forbes Inc. Published biweekly it features original articles on finance industry investing and marketing topics. Forbes also reports on related subjects such as technology communications science and law. Its headquarters are in New York City. Primary competitors in the national business magazine category are Fortune and Bloomberg Businessweek.
 The Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1953 by the American Chemical Society. Since 1999 James N.
 The Assassin's Song is a novel by M. G. Vassanji published in 2007 by Doubleday Canada. It is the story of a young Indian boy (Karsan Dargawalla) whose dream is to escape his family's religious legacy. He wants to be ordinary: to go to school play cricket talk to girls and make his own choices. He tries to escape by traveling to the United States for college (at Harvard) and eventually settling in Canada (in B.C.).
 Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (or in more recent editions The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn) is a novel by Mark Twain first published in the United Kingdom in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885. Commonly named among the Great American Novels the work is among the first in major American literature to be written throughout in vernacular English characterized by local color regionalism.
 Odd Man Out: A Year on the Mound with a Minor League Misfit (ISBN 978-0-670-02070-6) is a 2009 memoir by Matt McCarthy in which McCarthy recounts his experiences as a professional baseball player in the Anaheim Angels minor-league system.
 For the 2001 Dr Who spin-off see The Stones of Venice (audio drama)The Stones of Venice is a three-volume treatise on Venetian art and architecture by English art historian John Ruskin first published from 1851 to 1853. Intending to prove how the architecture in Venice exemplified the principles he discussed in his earlier work The Seven Lamps of Architecture Ruskin examined the city in detail describing for example over eighty churches.
 The Enchantress of Florence is the ninth novel by Salman Rushdie published in 2008. According to Rushdie this is his most researched book which required years and years of reading.The novel was published on 11 April 2008 by Jonathan Cape London.
 Innocent Graves is the eighth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 1996 but has been reprinted a number of times since. The novel was selected by Publishers Weekly as one of the best mysteries of the year nominated for the Hammett Prize and won the Arthur Ellis Award.
 C California Style Magazine is a nationally circulated lifestyle magazine based in Santa Monica California which showcases California's refined way of life through a wide range of lenses from fashion and fine art to home design and travel.
 The House by the Churchyard (1863) is a novel by Sheridan Le Fanu that combines elements of the mystery novel and the historical novel. Aside from its own merits the novel is important as a key source for James Joyce's Finnegans Wake.
 Pigeon Post is an English children's adventure novel by Arthur Ransome published by Jonathan Cape in 1936. It was the sixth of twelve books Ransome completed in the Swallows and Amazons series (1930 to 1947). He won the inaugural Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising it as the year's best children's book by a British subject.This book is one of the few Swallows and Amazons books that does not feature sailing.
 The Best Awful There Is or sometimes titled The Best Awful is a novel by actress and author Carrie Fisher that was published in 2004.Like most of Fisher's books this novel is semi-autobiographical and fictionalizes events from her real life. It is said to be a sequel to Postcards from the Edge.
 Swan (スワン) is a shōjo manga by Kyoko Ariyoshi. The shōjo magazine Margaret serialized the story in Japan during the seventies. 21 volumes were released. In North America the story was published by CMX but the series was abandoned after 15 volumes due to the closure of the imprint. The plot mostly follows a young girl Masumi as she struggles to become a ballerina.
 Sirp is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Black Watch is an award-winning play written by Gregory Burke and directed by John Tiffany as part of the first season of the National Theatre of Scotland.Based on interviews with former soldiers it portrays soldiers in the Black Watch regiment of the British Army serving on Operation TELIC in Iraq during 2004 prior to the amalgamation into the Royal Regiment of Scotland.
 House Rules is a novel by Jodi Picoult about a boy with Asperger's syndrome living in Townshend Vermont who is accused of murder. The novel shows the struggle between the boy and his family the law and his disability.
 Prétear (新白雪姫伝説プリーティア Shin Shirayuki-hime Densetsu Purītia) also called Prétear - The New Legend of Snow White is a manga series written by Junichi Sato and illustrated by Kaori Naruse. Spanning four volumes the manga series was originally published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten from May 2000 through July 2001. It was published in English in North America by ADV Manga.The series was adapted into a thirteen episode anime series by Hal Film Maker Kadokawa Shoten and Rondo Robe.
 The Journal of the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association was a peer-reviewed medical journal devoted to the healthcare needs of the lesbian and gay male bisexual and transgendered populations. The journal published a variety of clinical research review articles and essays. It was the official journal of the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association. Vincent Silenzio served as co-editor in chief. Publication of the journal ceased in 2002.
 Make (or MAKE) is an American bimonthly magazine published by Maker Media which focuses on do it yourself (DIY) and/or DIWO (Do It With Others) projects involving computers electronics robotics metalworking woodworking and other disciplines. The magazine is marketed to people who enjoy making things and features complex projects which can often be completed with cheap materials including household items.
 The Law of Nines is a thriller/speculative fiction novel by American author Terry Goodkind. The book was released on August 18 2009. It debuted at #10 on the Times bestseller list.The book though at essence a thriller contains numerous fantasy or science fiction elements and balances references to numerology and magic with ones to probability- and string theory. The story itself is set in a contemporary or near future setting.
 The Daily Gamecock (formerly The Gamecock) is the daily student newspaper of the University of South Carolina. It primarily serves the main campus of the university in Columbia and regional campuses of the University of South Carolina System in the state of South Carolina. The Daily Gamecock circulates 10000 papers each weekday and claims a daily readership of 30000. It was recently ranked as The Princeton Review's 14th best college newspaper.
 The Rheinische Post is a major German regional daily newspaper published since 1946 by the Rheinische Post Verlagsgesellschaft mbH company. With an average circulation of about 400000 and its headquarters in Düsseldorf the paper is especially dominant in the western part of North Rhine-Westphalia.
 The Dosadi Experiment (1977) is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert. It is the second full-length novel set in the ConSentiency universe established by Herbert in his novelette The Tactful Saboteur and continued in Whipping Star.
 Janis and Saint Christopher (2013) is an urban fantasy e-novel by Australian radio presenter James McKenzie.
 The Laws of Our Fathers published in 1996 is Scott Turow's fourth and longest novel at 832 pages.
 Madonna: Like an Icon is a biography by British author Lucy O'Brien chronicling the life of American recording artist Madonna. The book was released on 27 August 2007 by Bantam Press in the United Kingdom and on 18 October 2007 by Harper Collins in the United States.
 Cross Country is the fourteenth novel in the Alex Cross series by James Patterson. According to the Library Journal it was the second most borrowed fiction book in United States libraries in 2009.
 Tehanu: The Last Book of Earthsea is a fantasy novel by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin published by Atheneum in 1990.
 Theological Studies (Teologiese Studies in Afrikaans; previously also known as Hervormde Teologiese Studies) is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering interfaith theological research. It has a broad scope publishing on aspects of religious studies philosophy ancient languages practical theology sociology and ethics.
 With a Little Help (CreateSpace 2010 ISBN 1-4565-7634-8) is a collection consisting of mostly previously published science fiction short stories and novellas by Cory Doctorow with one new short story. This is Doctorow's third published collection following Overclocked: Stories of the Future Present. Each story includes an afterword by the author and the anthology includes an introduction by Jonathan Coulton and an afterword by Russell Galen.
 Sunset over Eden is a novel written by the Australian author Elizabeth Haran and published in 2003 by Bastei Lübbe.
 Amaze Your Friends is a 1998 Ned Kelly Award-winning novel by Australian author Peter Doyle.
 The San Mateo Daily Journal is a daily newspaper published six days a week Monday through Friday plus a combo weekend edition. The newspaper is distributed throughout San Mateo County California.
 A Rare Benedictine: The Advent of Brother Cadfael is a collection of three short stories by Ellis Peters featuring her medieval detective Brother Cadfael first published in 1988 (1988 in literature).In her foreword to the collection Peters stated that after introducing Cadfael in her novel A Morbid Taste for Bones she was not interested in writing a novel depicting him during the pre-monastic phase of his life (i.e. during his adventures in The Holy Land as a crusader and sea captain) but did want to provide a brief look at how he came to renounce his former life and become a monk.
 Dead Souls (Russian: Мёртвыe души Myortvyjye dushi) is a novel by Nikolai Gogol first published in 1842 and widely regarded as an exemplar of 19th-century Russian literature. The purpose of the novel was to demonstrate the flaws and faults of the Russian mentality and character. Gogol masterfully portrayed those defects through Paul Ivanovitch Chichikov (the main character) and the people whom he encounters in his endeavours. These people are typical of the Russian middle-class of the time.
 Monastery Among the Temple Trees is a novel by Sri Lankan writer Jayasena Jayakody. It was translated to English from his famous Sinhalese novels - Pichcha Mala and Araliya Mal Aramaya.
 Robert's Rules of Order is the short title of a book written by Brig. Gen. Henry Martyn Robert containing rules of order intended to be adopted as a parliamentary authority for use by a deliberative assembly.Currently in its eleventh edition and published under the name Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised (and often referred to using the initialism RONR) it is a widely used parliamentary authority in the English-speaking world.
 Climatic Change is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering cross-disciplinary work on all aspects of climate change and variability. It was established in 1978 and the editors-in-chief are M. Oppenheimer (Princeton University) and G. Yohe (Wesleyan University).
 Urbatagirk (Armenian: Ուրբաթագիրք) or The Book of Friday was the first printed book in the Armenian language. It was printed in Venice (Italy) in 1512 by Hakob Meghapart.
 Ashanti to Zulu: African Traditions is a 1976 children's book written by Margaret Musgrove and illustrated by Leo and Diane Dillon. It was Musgrove's first book but the Dillons were experienced artists and this book won them the second of their two consecutive Caldecott Medals.
 A View of Other Windows is a photo-book by American musician Neal Casal documenting his time spent in the alt-country band Ryan Adams & the Cardinals from 2005 to 2009. Released on February 22 2010 through Abrams Books the book contains an introduction by Ryan Adams and features written contributions from bandmates Jon Graboff Brad Pemberton and Chris Feinstein throughout.
 The Phantom Tollbooth is a children's adventure novel and modern fairy tale by Norton Juster. It was published in 1961 with illustrations by Jules Feiffer. It tells the story of a bored young boy named Milo who unexpectedly receives a magic tollbooth one afternoon and having nothing better to do decides to drive through it in his toy car. The tollbooth transports him to a land called the Kingdom of Wisdom.
 Dave Barry's History of the Millennium (So Far) is a book written by humorist author Dave Barry and published in 2007 by G. P. Putnam's Sons. The book is a collection of Barry's Year in Review articles for the years 2000 through 2006 as well as an introductory chapter that covers the events of the previous millennium.
 Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction of the Year #15 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the fifteenth volume in a series of sixteen.
 The Grey King is a contemporary fantasy novel by Susan Cooper published almost simultaneously by Chatto & Windus and Atheneum in 1975. It is the fourth of five books in her Arthurian fantasy series The Dark is Rising.The Grey King won the inaugural Tir na n-Og Award from the Welsh Books Council as the year's best English-language children's book with an authentic Welsh background. It is set in Wales and incorporates Welsh folklore as well as Arthurian material.
 Oblomov (Russian: Обломов) is the best known novel by Russian writer Ivan Goncharov first published in 1859. Oblomov is also the central character of the novel often seen as the ultimate incarnation of the superfluous man a symbolic character in 19th-century Russian literature.
 Hispanic Journal of Behavioral Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Amado M. Padilla (Stanford University). It has been in publication since 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Gia Định Báo (嘉定報) or Gia Dinh News was the first Vietnamese newspaper. It was published in Saigon from 1865 to 1910. Petrus Ky was the editor in chief. Gia Dinh is an alternative name for Saigon now Ho Chi Minh City. It was a gazette that published official and legal documents although it also included articles on Vietnamese culture and agriculture.
 The Mighty Miss Malone is a 2012 children's novel by author Christopher Paul Curtis and is a followup to his 2000 book Bud Not Buddy. The book was released on January 10 2012 by Wendy Lamb Books. The Mighty Miss Malone follows the character of 12-year-old African-American Deza Malone who narrates the book.
 The Last Defender of Camelot is a collection of short stories written by science fiction writer Roger Zelazny. It was published by Ibooks Inc in 2002 and has an identical title to an earlier collection.
 The Archaeology of Hindu Ritual: Temples and the Establishment of the Gods is an archaeological study focusing in on the early development of Hinduism within the Gupta Empire between the 4th and 6th centuries CE. Written by the British archaeologist Michael D.
 Poe no Ichizoku (ポーの一族 Pō no Ichizoku lit. The Poe Family) is a Japanese shōjo historical manga by Moto Hagio that depicts a family of vampires from the 18th to the 20th centuries. The two main characters Edgar Portsnell and Allan Twilight as well as the family are named after Edgar Allan Poe. It was serialized by Shogakukan in Betsucomi from 1972 to 1976 and collected in nine bound volumes under the Flower Comics imprint. Poe was the first shōjo manga to be released in this format.
 The Traitor's Emblem is a 2011 bestselling thriller novel by Juan Gómez-Jurado originally published in Spain. It has become an instant bestseller throughout Europe with more a million copies sold to date topping the bestsellers list for weeks and is being translated into 45 languages. The plot is set in Munich during the Interwar period.
 The Serbian Astronomical Journal is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal covering astronomy. The journal is the successor of the Bulletin Astronomique de Belgrade (1992–1998) which was formed by a merger of the Bulletin de l'Observatoire Astronomique de Belgrade (1936–1991) and the Publications of the Department of Astronomy (1969–1990). It has been published under the present title since 1998.
 Nostromo (full title Nostromo A Tale of the Seaboard) is a 1904 novel by Polish novelist Joseph Conrad set in the fictitious South American republic of Costaguana. It was originally published serially in two volumes of T.P.'s Weekly.In 1998 the Modern Library ranked Nostromo 47th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. F. Scott Fitzgerald said I'd rather have written Nostromo than any other novel.
 Commitment Hour is a science fiction novel by James Alan Gardner published in 1998. The novel is set in Gardner's League of Peoples's futuristic universe and plays out in the small isolated village of Tober Cove. Set on post-apocalyptic Earth Tober Cove most resembles a rural seventeenth century fishing village with one exception: every year everyone below the age of 21 changes gender.
 Ziwaphi is an investigative and a general interest biweekly tabloid-size newspaper with an estimated 40000 readers. It was started with funding from the Media Development and Diversity Agency (MDDA).
 Pride and Prejudice is a novel of manners by Jane Austen first published in 1813. The story follows the main character Elizabeth Bennet as she deals with issues of manners upbringing morality education and marriage in the society of the landed gentry of early 19th-century England.
 Ghost Circles is the seventh book in the Bone series. It collects issues 40-45 of Jeff Smith's self-published Bone comic book series and marks the beginning of the third and final part of the saga entitled Harvest. The book was published by Cartoon Books in black-and-white in 2001 and in color by Scholastic Press in 2008.
 Bury the Dead (1936) is an expressionist anti-war drama by the American playwright Irwin Shaw. It dramatises the refusal of six dead soldiers during an unspecified war—who represent a cross-section of American society—to be buried. Each rises from the grave to express his anguish the futility of war and his refusal to become part of the glorious past to the woman who has survived him. It was first staged in New York in 1936 to great acclaim.
 The Jane Austen Book Club is a 2004 novel by American author Karen Joy Fowler. The story which takes place near Sacramento California centers around a book club consisting of five women and one man who meet once a month to discuss Jane Austen's six novels. It was a critical success and became a national bestseller.A film adaptation of the same name was released in autumn of 2007.
 The Kentucky New Era is the major daily newspaper in Hopkinsville Kentucky in the United States.
 Epistemological Letters was a hand-typed mimeographed underground physics newsletter about quantum physics that was sent out to a private mailing list or what physicist John Clauser called a quantum subculture between 1973 and 1984.Distributed by a Swiss foundation the newsletter was created because mainstream academic journals were reluctant to publish articles about the philosophy of quantum mechanics especially anything that implied support for issues such as action at a distance.
 Transformers: Ghosts of Yesterday is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. Transformers: Ghosts of Yesterday is a prequel to the Michael Bay Transformers film. It is based on a story by David Cian.
 Superior Donuts is a play by American playwright Tracy Letts. Its world premiere was staged by the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago in 2008 and it premiered on Broadway in 2009.
 The Wallace Stevens Journal is an academic journal established in 1977 and the official publication of The Wallace Stevens Society. It covers the works and life of the American modernist poet Wallace Stevens. The journal is published twice a year by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 A Dream of John Ball (1888) is a novel by English author William Morris about the English peasants' revolt of 1381. It features the rebel priest John Ball who appeared to be advocating asocialistic philosophy in advance of his time. John Ball is famed for his question When Adam delved and Eve span who was then the gentleman?
 Annals of the Twenty-Ninth Century: or The Autobiography of the Tenth President of the World-Republic is a science fiction novel written by Andrew Blair and published anonymously in 1874.Blair's work is one of a group of early science fiction novels that are now little known but were influential in their own time — a group that includes Edward Maitland's By and By (1873) Percy Greg's Across the Zodiac (1880) and John Jacob Astor IV's A Journey in Other Worlds (1894).
 The Kill-Off is an American crime novel by Jim Thompson first published in 1957 and reprinted by Vintage Crime/Black Lizard in 1999. The novel is a bleak tale of murder in a small dying resort town being torn apart by gossip racism incest (actual or alleged) alcoholism and financial difficulties. It was adapted into a film in 1990.
 The Journal of Morphology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of anatomy and morphology featuring primary research articles review articles and meeting abstracts. The journal was established in 1887 by zoologist and morphologist C. O. Whitman and underwent reorganization in 1907. It is currently edited by J. Matthias Starck.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.602 ranking it 9th out of 20 journals in the category Anatomy & Morphology.
 Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society is the scientific journal of the Linnean Society published by Wiley-Blackwell.According to EBSCOhost it [p]resents original papers on zoology with an emphasis on the diversity systematics interrelationships and habits of animals both living and extinct.
 Khasakkinte Itihasam is a path-breaking Malayalam novel written by the Indian writer O. V. Vijayan. First published in 1969 and generally referred to Khasak in literary circles the novel has run into fifty reprints in the last forty years making it the most popular and largest selling novel in South Asia. Khasakkinte Itihasam has also been translated into French and German.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #9 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the ninth volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Del Rey Books in August 1980 and in hardcover by Gollancz in October of the same year.The book collects fourteen novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction notes and concluding essays by Carr and Charles N. Brown.
 The Garden Book is a 2005 novel by Australian author Brian Castro.
 Dirt Rag is a mountain bike magazine based out of Pittsburgh PA. The magazine covers many aspects of mountain-bike culture.
 The Dissertation is a novel by R. M. Koster part of the Tinieblas trilogy.The book is a mock-PhD thesis written by the son of the dictator of Tinieblas recounting his father's rise and fall in a satire of academic prose while the footnotes narrate the sad life of the doctoral candidate in the manner of Vladimir Nabokov's Pale Fire.
 Critical Social Policy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles in the field of political science. The journal was established in 1981.
 The Valley Morning Star established in 1911 is an American newspaper published in Harlingen Texas. In 1938 The New York Times reported on a printer's strike at the newspaper that was organized by the Typographical Union. In 1951 the newspaper was bought by Raymond C. Hoiles. In 2012 Freedom Communications papers in Texas were sold to AIM Media Texas.
 The Bombay Boomerang is Volume 49 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Vincent Buranelli in 1970.
 Man Seeks God: My Flirtations with the Divine is a book written by Eric Weiner a former NPR Correspondent and author of The Geography of Bliss. When a health scare puts him in the hospital Weiner an agnostic finds himself tangling with an unexpected question posed to him by a well-meaning nurse.
 Blount Today was a weekly newspaper based in Maryville Tennessee covering Blount County Tennessee. It was part of the Scripps Interactive Newspapers Group.The newspaper's first issue was published on 26 August 2004. On 10 October 2011 publisher Sherri Gardner Howell announced on the web site that the paper would be closing due to financial difficulties and the final issue was published 13 October 2011. When closed the paper had six full-time and two part-time employees.
 Witchblade is an American comic book series published by Top Cow Productions an imprint of Image Comics from 1995 until present. The series was created by Top Cow editors Marc Silvestri and David Wohl writers Brian Haberlin and Christina Z and artist Michael Turner.The Witchblade title has been adapted into an television series in 2001–2002 as well as an anime series a manga series and a novel in 2006.
 Science Communication (from 1979 to 1994 Knowledge: Creation Diffusion Utilization) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of communication of science and technology. The editor-in-chief is Susanna Hornig Priest (George Mason University). It was established in 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Once a Hero is a science fiction novel by Elizabeth Moon. It is the first of the three books of the Esmay Suiza trilogy in Moon's fictional Familias Regnant universe following the three of the Heris Serrano trilogy.
 Canteen is an English-language literary and arts magazine published twice a year. Founded in 2007 by publisher Stephen Pierson editor-in-chief Sean Finney executive editor Mia Lipman and former art director Sai Sriskandarajah the magazine asks its contributors to reveal their creative process to the reader.
 Boldogtalanok is a Hungarian play written by Milán Füst.
 Weird Western Tales is a Western genre comic book title published by DC Comics which ran from June–July 1972 to August 1980. It is perhaps best known for featuring the adventures of Jonah Hex until #38 (1977) when the character was promoted to his own eponymous series. Scalphunter then took Hex's place as the featured character in Weird Western Tales.
 In Fire Forged published February 1 2011is the fifth anthology of stories set in the Honor Harrington universe or Honorverse.The stories in the anthologies serve to introduce characters provide deeper more complete backstory and flesh out the universe so claim the same canonical relevance as exposition in the main series.
 Sunshine was a feel good monthly digest filled with uplifting short articles and anecdotes.
 Princeska z napako is a novel by Slovenian author Janja Vidmar. It was first published in 1998.
 Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative is a 1996 book by American cartoonist Will Eisner that provides an formal overview of comics. It is a companion to his earlier book Comics and Sequential Art (1985).
 Juan the Landless (Spanish: Juan sin tierra) is a 1975 novel by the Spanish writer Juan Goytisolo. Published by Seix Barral it marked Goytisolo's return to a Spanish publisher following the death of Francisco Franco. It is the last installment in the Álvaro Mendiola trilogy which also includes Marks of Identity and Count Julian.
 Starseed is a science fiction novel by Spider Robinson and Jeanne Robinson. It first appeared in seven parts in Pulphouse Weekly in 1991. It is a sequel to Stardance and was published as a standalone novel later that. It was republished in 1997 as an omnibus edition with Stardance.
 The Living and the Dead (also published as Vertigo) (French: D'entre les morts literally from among the dead) is a 1954 crime novel by Pierre Boileau and Pierre Ayraud (Thomas Narcejac) writing as Boileau-Narcejac. Alfred Hitchcock directed an adaptation of the novel in 1958 as the film Vertigo.
 Education Finance and Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal addressing public policy developments affecting educational institutions. Topics covered by the journal include school accountability education standards teacher compensation instructional policy higher education productivity and finance and special education. Education Finance and Policy was founded in 2005 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press and the American Education Finance Association.
 Cold Tom is a fantasy novel by Sally Prue published on January 31 2002 by Oxford University Press and aimed at teens and young adults. Cold Tom won the Branford Boase Award and the Smarties Prize Silver Award both in 2002.
 The Man Who Liked To Look at Himself is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1970s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Mario Balzic is the protagonist an atypical detective for the genre a Serbo-Italian American cop middle-aged unpretentious a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force. As the novel opens Balzic and Lt.
 The Africa Yearbook is an annual publication devoted to politics economy and society south of the Sahara. It is the successor to the German-language Afrika Jahrbuch published by the Institut für Afrika-Kunde in Hamburg which issued its last yearbook in 2004 (on the year 2003).
 There Shall Be No Night is a three-act play written by American playwright Robert E. Sherwood. The play was presented by the Theatre Guild from April 29 through November 2 1940 at Broadway's Alvin Theatre (now renamed the Neil Simon Theater).
 Young Adam is a 1954 novel by Alexander Trocchi which tells the story of Joe a young man who labors on the river barges of Glasgow and who discovers the body of a young woman floating in the canal. The novel focuses on the relationship between Joe and his companions on the barge – a husband and wife – and it becomes clearer as the novel progresses that Joe is connected to the dead woman he found.
 The Flock is a 2006 novel by James Robert Smith. The Flock is a contemporary eco-thriller about what can happen when man violates nature and when nature fights back.
 Slow Step (スローステップ Surō Suteppu) is a romantic comedy boxing and softball manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It was serialized by Shogakukan in the shōjo manga magazine Ciao from September 1986 through March 1991 and collected in seven tankōbon volumes. In 1991 it was adapted as a five-episode OVA.
 The Hammer of God is a science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke originally published in 1993. It deals with an asteroid named Kali headed toward Earth. Captain Robert Singh of the spacecraft Goliath is sent to deflect it. Kali is discovered by Dr. Angus Miller an amateur astronomer on the planet Mars.
 Glut: Mastering Information Through The Ages is a 2007 book written by Alex Wright a writer and information architect for The New York Times. Wright's intention is to provide a broad historical overview of the development of information transmission and organization systems.
 Grass is a 1989 science fiction novel by Sheri S. Tepper. Nominated for both the Hugo and Locus awards in 1990 in 2002 it was included in the SF Masterworks collection. It is the first novel in Tepper's Arbai trilogy.
 The Det 20. århundrede – De 100 mest betydningsfulde personer i Danmark (20th Century - The 100 most important people in Denmark) is a 1999 biographical encyclopedia book drawn up by Connie Hedegaard and Claus Hagen Petersen on the most significant Danes of the 20th century. The inclusion is of course subjective and debatable.List of 100 most important people:
 The 100 is the first book in a young-adult science fiction dystopian post-apocalyptic series by Kass Morgan.The novel takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in which a nuclear war has forced people to escape Earth and live for generations on a space station. That space station is now failing so 100 prisoners under the age of 18 are sent down to Earth to see if it is livable.
 Metropolis Daily (Chinese: 都市日報) is the Hong Kong edition of Metro (Metro International) which publishes free newspapers around the world with 25 editions in 16 countries in 14 languages.
 Leaving Poppy is a young adult thriller/horror novel by Kate Cann published in 2006. It won the 2008 Angus Book Award and was shortlisted for the 2007 Booktrust Teenage Prize.
 Anya's Ghost is an award-winning supernatural graphic novel by Vera Brosgol. The book was first published on June 7 2011 through First Second Books and in 2012 won an Eisner Award for Best Publication for Young Adults and a Harvey Award for Best Original Graphic Publication for Younger Readers.Brosgol worked on Anya's Ghost over a period of four years beginning in 2007 and finishing the text in 2009 while completing the cover in 2010.
 Gazzetta del Mezzogiorno is an Italian daily newspaper founded in 1887 in Bari Italy. It is one of the most important newspapers published in Southern Italy with most of its readers living in Apulia and Basilicata[citation needed].
 Preacher is a comic book series created by writer Garth Ennis and artist Steve Dillon published by the American comic book label Vertigo (an imprint of DC Comics) with painted covers by Glenn Fabry.The series consists of 75 issues in total - 66 regular monthly issues five one-shot specials and a four-issue Preacher: Saint of Killers limited series. The entire run has been collected in nine trade paperback editions. The final monthly issue number 66 was published in August 2000.
 Tabaré is an epic poem written by Uruguayan poet Juan Zorrilla de San Martín.Written in 1886 it was originally published in 1888. It comprises 4736 verses divided into 10 cantos. The love story between the aboriginal Tabaré and the Spaniard Blanca is a metaphor of the fate of the Charrúas who originally inhabited the Banda Oriental.
 Quaerendo is an academic journal devoted to manuscripts and printed books especially in the Low Countries. It publishes scholarly articles dealing with codicology palaeography and various aspects of the history of books from around 1500 until the present.
 Modern Drummer is a monthly publication targeting the interests of drummers and percussionists. The magazine features interviews equipment reviews and columns offering advice on technique as well as information for the general public. Modern Drummer is also available on the internet.First published in 1977 today the print version of Modern Drummer is available in 67 countries.
 La Libre Belgique (English: Free Belgium) was published clandestinely by at least seven unaffiliated groups during the German occupation of Belgium in World War II each unofficially copying the name of the Belgian newspaper La Libre Belgique.
 The San Francisco Sentinel is an online newspaper serving the gay lesbian bisexual and transgendered (LGBT) communities of the San Francisco Bay Area. Originally a weekly print periodical the Sentinel covers local San Francisco politics news and social events and international news of interest to the gay community.
 Loitering With Intent is a novel by Scottish author Muriel Spark. Published in 1981 by Bodley Head it was short-listed for the Booker Prize that year. It contains many autobiographical references to Spark's early career and was reprinted in 2001 by New Directions in the US and in 2007 by Virago Press in the UK (with a forward by Mark Lawson).
 Charmed Life is a children's fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones published by Macmillan Children's Books in 1977. It was the first Chrestomanci book and it remains a recommended introduction to the series. Greenwillow Books published a U.S. edition within the calendar year.It features Eric Cat Chant and his older sister Gwendolen a witch.
 Slut Girl (スラッと女 Suratto onna) is a six-issue Japanese erotic manga series written and illustrated by Isutoshi. It humorously focuses on the sex-driven relationship between the chief characters.Slut Girl first published in 1999 by Fujimi Shuppan. It was translated and published as six issues comics in the U.S. by Eros Comix in 2000. In May 2003 Kodansha released Slut Girl +α a reprint with an extra chapter.
 This article is about the book for the compilation album by Manic Street Preachers see Lipstick Traces (A Secret History of Manic Street Preachers).
 Birds of Prey is a novel by science fiction / fantasy author David Drake first published in 1984. It is related as a historical novel set in the late Roman Empire in the second half of the Third Century. There is a science-fictional twist to the story starting with hints of a time warp on the very first page and slowly revealing to the reader — and the protagonist — what is really going on behind the scenes. The story is told in a very vivid style suggestive of cinematography.
 Warlord was a comics anthology published weekly in the United Kingdom between 28 September 1974 and 27 September 1986.
 The Harvey Girls is a novel published in 1942 by Samuel Hopkins Adams. In 1946 it was adapted into an eponymous MGM musical film starring Judy Garland.
 The Magnum Crimen is a book about clericalism in Croatia from the end of 19th century until the end of the Second World War. The book whose full title is Magnum crimen - pola vijeka klerikalizma u Hrvatskoj (The Great Crime - a half-century of clericalism in Croatia) was written by a former Catholic priest and professor and historian at Belgrade University Viktor Novak (1889–1977).
 Fish in the Trap (おさかなはあみの中 Osakana wa Ami no Naka) is a three-volume Japanese yaoi manga that follows the relationship between a high school swim team captain and his young admirer. It was created by Ranma Nekokichi and the OVA prequel offers a beforehand look into the characters' lives and relationships with each other. The manga is licensed in Russia by Comics Factory.
 The Examined Life is a 2013 collection of essays by practising psychoanalyst Stephen Grosz which is an attempt to distil over 50000 hours of conversation into pure psychological insight without the jargon. The book was serialised as Book of the Week on BBC Radio 4 in January 2012 and spent 10 weeks on the Sunday Times non-fiction bestseller list.
 L'Arena is an Italian local daily newspaper based in Verona Italy.Founded in 1866 shortly before the annexation of Veneto into the Kingdom of Italy L'Arena is one of the oldest newspapers in Italy and the most popular newspaper in Verona.
 African Arts is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study and discussion of traditional contemporary and popular African arts. It was founded in 1967 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press which distributes the journal for the James S. Coleman African Studies Center at the University of California Los Angeles.
 Armaments Race is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1954 and later anthologized in Tales from the White Hart. Like the rest of the collection it is a frame story set in the pub White Hart where the fictional Harry Purvis narrates the secondary tale.
 In a Glass Darkly is a collection of five short stories by Sheridan Le Fanu first published in 1872 the year before his death. The second and third are revised versions of previously published stories and the fourth and fifth are long enough to be called novellas.The title is taken from 1 Corinthians 13 a deliberate misquotation of the passage which describes humanity as perceiving the world through a glass darkly.
 Border Country is a novel by Raymond Williams. The book was re-published in December 2005 as one of the first group of titles in the Library of Wales series having been out of print for several years. Written in English the novel was first published in 1960.It is set in rural South Wales close to the border with England as demarcated by Offa's Dyke. An academic visits his sick father who was a railway signalman.
 The Power of Shazam! is a 1994 hardcover graphic novel written and painted by Jerry Ordway for DC Comics. The 96-page story depicting the revamped origins of former Fawcett Comics superhero Captain Marvel was followed by an ongoing series also titled The Power of Shazam! which ran from 1995 to 1999.
 The Independent is a British national morning newspaper published in London by Independent Print Limited owned by Alexander Lebedev since 2010. Nicknamed the Indy it was launched in 1986 and is one of the youngest UK national daily newspapers. The daily edition was named National Newspaper of the Year at the 2004 British Press Awards. The paper's current editor Amol Rajan was appointed in 2013 and its deputy editor Archie Bland in 2012.
 The Double Hook is a novel written by Sheila Watson which is considered a seminal work in the development of contemporary Canadian literature.Published in 1959 The Double Hook is written in a style more like prose poetry than fiction.
 When She Was Good (1967) is Philip Roth's only novel with a female protagonist Lucy Nelson. It is set in a small town in the 1940s Midwest and the subject is the moralistic young woman Lucy Nelson. When still a child Lucy had her alcoholic father thrown in jail. Ever since then she has been trying to reform the men around her even if that ultimately means destroying herself in the process.
 The Affirmation is a 1981 science fiction novel by Christopher Priest.
 Hush: An Irish Princess' Tale is a 2007 young adult novel written by Donna Jo Napoli. The young adult novel depicts the world of slave trade around the year 900 in Ireland.
 PlayStation: The Official Magazine (PTOM) was a magazine originally known as PlayStation Magazine (PSM) becoming PlayStation: The Official Magazine in late 2007. PlayStation: The Official Magazine was published 13 times a year by Future plc until its cancellation in late 2012.PSM's UK-based sister magazine PSM3 was another Future publication.
 The Captain and the Enemy is a fiction novel written by the English author Graham Greene first published in 1988.
 Signs of Life is a novel by M. John Harrison published in 1997. The dystopian narrative centers on Mick China Rose a biomedical transportation entrepreneur and his lover Isobel Avens's dream of flying. The novel was nominated for the British Science Fiction Award in 1997 and for the British Fantasy Award the following year.
 Drum-taps is a collection of poetry by Walt Whitman first published in 1865.
 Tokyo Vice: An American Reporter on the Police Beat in Japan is a 2009 memoir by Jake Adelstein of his years living in Tokyo as the first non-Japanese reporter working for one of Japan's largest newspapers Yomiuri Shimbun.
 The Damned is a horror-noir five-issue limited series American comic book created by Cullen Bunn and Brian Hurtt and published by Oni Press.
 Mannan Magal (Tamil:மன்னன் மகள்) meaning Princess or King's Daughter is a Tamil language historical novel written by Sandilyan. The story is based on ancient Tamil poetry. It is a love story set around 1019 CE focusing on the Rajendra Chola's invasion of Ganges and politics in the Vengi Kingdom.
 The Polar Express is a 1985 children's book (ISBN 0-86264-143-8) written and illustrated by Chris Van Allsburg a former professor at the Rhode Island School of Design. The book is now widely considered to be a classic Christmas story for young children. It was praised for its detailed illustrations and calm relaxing storyline. In 1986 it was awarded the Caldecott Medal for children's literature.
 Kick Ass is the first of two books which highlight some of Carl Hiaasen's best columns in the newspaper Miami Herald. It was published in 1999 and followed by Paradise Screwed: Selected Columns (2001).
 The Princess Diaries is the first volume of the critically acclaimed best-selling series of the same name by Meg Cabot. It was released in 2000 by Harper Collins Publishers and later became a film of the same name starring Anne Hathaway.
 The General Zapped an Angel is a collection of nine science fiction and fantasy stories written by Howard Fast published by William Morrow and Company in 1970. A paperback edition from Ace Books followed later that year as did an Italian translation. The Ace paperback was reissued in 1978.
 Junk: Record of the Last Hero is a manga series written and drawn by Kia Asamiya. The series was originally published in Japan in 2004 by the Akita Publishing. It was brought to the United States in 2006 by DrMaster.
 Get Rich Click!: The Ultimate Guide to Making Money on the Internet (2011) is a New York Times best-selling business book written by Marc Ostrofsky an American writer business owner and serial entrepreneur. The book was published on May 2 2011 by Razor Media Group.
 Baldo is an American comic strip written by Hector Cantú and illustrated by Carlos Castellanos. It was launched in April 2000.
 Rain Taxi is a Minneapolis-based book review and literary organization. In addition to publishing its quarterly print edition Rain Taxi maintains an online edition with distinct content sponsors the Twin Cities Book Festival hosts readings and publishes chapbooks through its Brainstorm Series.
 Stranger to the Sun is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel.
 The Plant is an unfinished epistolary serial novel published by Stephen King privately in 1982–85 and in 2000 as a commercial e-book. The novel is about an editor in a paperback publishing house who gets a manuscript from what appears to be a crackpot. The manuscript is about magic but it also contains photographs that seem very real. The editor writes the author a rejection slip but because of the photographs he also notifies the police where the author lives.
 Suomen Luonto (Nature of Finland) is Finland's largest nature magazine. It is published by Suomen luonnonsuojeluliitto (The Finnish Association for Nature Conservation). The editor-in-chief is Jorma Laurila. The magazine appears ten times a year with a circulation of 25000 (2012). the magazine is also available in public libraries.Suomen Luonto deals with current topics in nature and environment and delivers both news and in-depth articles about Finnish nature and also international subjects.
 Airliners is an American magazine dedicated to the airline industry. Six issues are circulated each year. The title was first published by World Transport Press in 1988.
 Argia is a weekly newsmagazine published in Basque language the eldest one still working after surviving Francisco Franco's dictatorship in Spain. During 2009 they celebrated their 90th anniversary. Their main office is in Lasarte-Oria Basque Country. Its name was Zeruko Argia from 1919 to 1921 and from 1963 to 1980 and Argia from 1921 to 1936 and from 1980 to present.
 Astro Fighter Sunred (天体戦士サンレッド Tentai Senshi Sanreddo) is a Japanese manga created by Makoto Kubota. It started serialization on Square Enix's seinen manga magazine Young Gangan on August 25 2005. An anime adaptation produced by AIC A.S.T.A. aired from October 3 2008 to March 27 2009 in Japan. The second season of the anime started airing on October 3 2009. Each manga chapter and anime episode is referred to as a FIGHT.
 Demon Beast Invasion (妖獣教室 Yōjū Kyōshitsu) is a manga series written and illustrated by Toshio Maeda published by Wani Magazine. The series was adapted into a six-part original video animation of the same name in 1990 followed by Demon Beast Resurrection (妖獣教室外伝 Yoju Kyoshitsu Gaiden) in 1995.
 Drawing Blood is a 1993 novel the second from author Poppy Z. Brite. Something of a haunted house tale the novel was originally titled Birdland but the publisher retitled it to make a thin connection to Brite's first novel Lost Souls a vampire tale.
 TV Guide is a weekly American magazine that primarily provides television program listings information. In addition to television listings the publication features television-related news celebrity interviews gossip and film reviews and crossword puzzles with some issues having also featured horoscope listings. The print magazine is owned by private equity firm OpenGate Capital while its digital properties are controlled by the CBS Interactive division of CBS Corporation.
 Buses is a United Kingdom magazine focusing mainly on the British public bus industry. It was originally published by Ian Allan Publishing from March 2012 it was published by Key Publishing.Buses was published as Buses Illustrated from 1949 until 1968. The current editor is Alan Millar based in Scotland. It also produces a yearbook published in August every year for the next year.
 Chew is an American comic book series about a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) agent who solves crimes by receiving psychic impressions from comestibles including people. It is written by John Layman with art by Rob Guillory and published by Image Comics. The series won an Eisner Award.
 The Chicago Evening Post was a daily newspaper published in Chicago from March 1 1886 until 1932. The newspaper was founded as a penny paper during the technological paradigm-shift created by the invention of linotype technology and failed during the Great Depression. It was absorbed into the Chicago Daily News.The Evening Post identified itself as a reform newspaper and attempted to cover muckraking stories of Chicago's political corruption.
 Taltos (1994) is the title of the third novel in the trilogy Lives of the Mayfair Witches written by Anne Rice.
 The Journal of Disability Policy Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers in the field of disability studies including issues in ethics public policy and the law related to individuals with disabilities. The editors-in-chief are Mitchell Yell (University of South Carolina) and Antonis Katsiyannis (Clemson University). It was established in 1990 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 The Onondaga Gazette was established on April 2 1823 in Syracuse New York. It was published under various names until it came into the hands of Lewis H. Redfield who made a real and lasting news sheet of it.Preceding this publication there was another paper in Syracuse called the Onondaga Gazette. It was started in 1816 by Evander Morse and poet-author William Ray as editor. The name was shortly changed to The Journal and was purchased by Vivius Smith.
 A Fictional Guide to Scotland is a collection of short stories and one poem from 17 writers who were either Scottish by birth or lived in Scotland at the time of submission.
 Wirtschaftswoche is a German weekly business news magazine. “Wirtschaft” means economy (including business) and “Woche” is week. For many years the magazine was published on Thursday but since March 2006 this has been changed to Monday. The editorial office is at Düsseldorf.
 The Village Bike is a 2011 play by Penelope Skinner which premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in London. It won the 2011 George Devine Award and received rave reviews and had an extended sellout run.
 Celandine is a children's fantasy novel by Steve Augarde. It is the second book in the Touchstone Trilogy and was first published in 2006. Celandine is set ninety years before The Various the first book of the trilogy. It follows the adventures of Celandine (born 1901) in the years 1914–1915 at the onset of World War I. Having run away from her detested boarding school Celandine is too afraid to go home in case she is sent back.
 Dream Brother: The Lives and Music of Jeff and Tim Buckley is a biography by the American author journalist and former music critic for Entertainment Weekly David Browne. First published on February 1 2001 the book is a dual biography of Jeff Buckley American songwriter and musician and Tim Buckley his father also a musician. The book which took three years to write and research outlines the lives and deaths of the musicians with an interwoven narrative.
 A Wolf at the Table is a 2008 memoir by Augusten Burroughs that recounts his turbulent childhood relationship with his father. In the summer of 2007 Burroughs announced on his official website that the book would be released on April 29 2008 (2008-04-29). In an interview with Wikinews Burroughs said that many of his fans may have trouble with the book. A Wolf at the Table spent six weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list reaching number 2 in its first week.
 NZ Performance Car is a monthly automobile magazine and website and is the biggest selling automotive and men’s lifestyle magazine in New Zealand.As Parkside Media’s second title it has eclipsed the success of NZ Classic Car.
 The EMBO Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on full-length papers describing original research of general interest in molecular biology and related areas. The journal was established in 1982 and is published by Nature Publishing Group on behalf of the European Molecular Biology Organization.
 The Joiner King is a novel set in the Star Wars Expanded Universe. It is the first book in the Dark Nest trilogy of novels by Troy Denning. It is set 35 years after the Battle of Yavin (35 ABY). In the chronology of the Star Wars novels The Joiner King takes place after the final book of The New Jedi Order series which is The Unifying Force and before the second book of the Dark Nest trilogy which is The Unseen Queen.
 The South Dakota Review is a quarterly literary magazine published by the University of South Dakota. It was founded by John R. Milton in 1963 and is currently edited by Brian Bedard. Past Associate Editors include Eileen Sullivan and Theo Bohn. Works with a strong sense of place and image are encouraged.SDR publishes poetry fiction interview and literary non-fiction by both emerging and established writers of considerable skill.
 Soldier Ask Not is a Hugo Award-winning science fiction novella written by Gordon R. Dickson and published in 1964 in the magazine Galaxy Science Fiction. It is also a novel of the same name published in 1967. Rather than being expanded from the shorter work the novel is a longer work into which the shorter work (about one third) is placed [1]. It is part of Dickson's Childe Cycle series in which mankind has reached the stars and divided into specialized splinter groups.
 Magnetic Resonance in Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research papers dealing with the application of NMR ESR and NQR spectrometry in all branches of chemistry. The journal was established in 1969 and is published by John Wiley & Sons. The current editor-in-chief is James Keeler (University of Cambridge).
 Fairest a spin-off of Fables is a monthly comic series created by Bill Willingham published by DC's Vertigo. Fairest details the adventures and stories of Fabletown's female citizens and heroines. Willingham has stated that Fairest will comprise a lengthy six-issue story arc followed by a single standalone issue.It was announced in November 2013 that the series would end in early 2015.
 Autumn Street is a 1980 novel by two-time Newbery Award-winning author Lois Lowry.
 Ghost Stories of an Antiquary is the title of M. R. James' first collection of ghost stories published in 1904 (some had previously appeared in magazines). Some later editions under this title contain both the original collection and its successor More Ghost Stories (1911) combined in one volume.Montague Rhodes James (1862–1936) was a medieval scholar; Provost of King's College Cambridge.
 Lyonia was an electronic peer-reviewed interdisciplinary scientific journal published by the Harold L. Lyon Arboretum and stored in the ScholarSpace digital institutional repository of the University of Hawaii at Manoa library. The journal was dedicated to the distribution of original ecological research and how it may be implemented in environmental protection. Papers published in Lyonia covered a range of disciplines including ecology biology anthropology economics law etc.
 The Jordan Journal of Civil Engineering is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering civil engineering. It was established in 2007 and is published by the Jordan University of Science and Technology.
 Mike and Ike (They Look Alike) was a comic strip by Rube Goldberg who introduced the identical twin characters in the San Francisco Bulletin on September 29 1907.Comics historian Don Markstein traced the history of the characters in his Toonopedia:Mike & Ike started while Goldberg was in San Francisco working as sports cartoonist for that city's Bulletin (where he'd replaced another great Thomas A. Tad Dorgan creator of Judge Rummy and his pals).
 Social Networks redirects here. You may also be looking for the social network theory.Social Networks is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on social network theory. The editors-in-chief are P. Doreian (University of Pittsburgh) and M. Everett (University of Manchester). It was established in 1979 and is currently published by Elsevier.
 Scarlet Street was an American film magazine that primarily specialized in the genres of horror mystery and film noir. Its initial concentration was on Sherlock Holmes and related film and television productions but later its subject matter expanded to include a variety of other genres.The title was chosen to reference several of its chosen fields: mystery and film noir (from the film of the same name) and Sherlock Holmes (from A Study in Scarlet).
 Al Ayyam (in Arabic الأيام meaning The Days) is an Arabic language newspaper based in Ramallah Palestinian territories.
 Closer (sometimes known simply as Tunnels 4) is the fourth book in the Tunnels series written by Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams. Released in the UK by Chicken House on 3 May 2010 its publication in the US by Scholastic Inc. followed on 1 February 2011.
 The Mighty Book of Boosh known as The Pocket Book of Boosh in the paperback version is a collection of original and archive material relating to The Mighty Boosh published in 2008. The book contains original stories featuring popular Mighty Boosh characters as well as concept art and behind-the-scenes photography from the stage shows and television series.
 Schizophrenia Bulletin is a peer-reviewed medical journal which covers research relating to the etiology and treatment of schizophrenia. The journal is published bimonthly by Oxford University Press in association with the Maryland Psychiatric Research Center and Schizophrenia International Research Society.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal's 2011 impact factor is 8.800.
 Monkey Typhoon (アソボット戦記五九 Asobotto Senki Gokū literally Asobot Military History Goku) is a Japanese manga written by Tadashi Agi and illustrated by Romu Aoi. It was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine between 2001 and 2002. It was later adapted into an anime series produced by the Avex group and anime studio Studio Egg which premiered between October 1 2002 and September 30 2003 on TV Tokyo.
 Sidney Rigdon: A Portrait of Religious Excess is a 1994 biography of the early Latter Day Saint leader Sidney Rigdon written by Richard S. Van Wagoner. It is published by Signature Books.The biography was recognized in reviews as the most comprehensive biography of Rigdon produced. The book won awards from the Mormon History Association and the John Whitmer Historical Association but was criticized by Mormon apologists as defective and one that still leaves more to be desired.
 Interred With Their Bones is a novel by Jennifer Lee Carrell published in 2007. It was published in the United Kingdom as The Shakespeare Secret. The novel's plot and structure have been compared to The Da Vinci Code.Its success led to a sequel Haunt Me Still (UK: The Shakespeare Curse) about the further adventures of the heroine Kate Stanley.
 The American Journal of Chinese Medicine is published by World Scientific and covers topics relating to alternative medicine of all cultures such as traditional Chinese medicine including acupuncture. It was established in 1973 by Frederick F. Kao.
 Charlotte Sometimes is a children's novel by British writer Penelope Farmer published in 1969 by Chatto & Windus in the UK and by Harcourt in the USA. It is the third and best known of three books featuring the Makepeace sisters Charlotte and Emma and inspired the song Charlotte Sometimes by English rock band The Cure. These three books are sometimes known as the Aviary Hall books.[1]
 Three at Wolfe's Door is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1960. The book comprises three stories one of them published previously: Poison à la Carte Method Three for Murder (previously serialized in three issues of The Saturday Evening Post January 30–February 13 1960) The Rodeo Murder
 Dead Man's Walk is a 1995 novel by Larry McMurtry. It is the third book published in the Lonesome Dove series but the first installment in terms of chronology. McMurtry wrote a fourth segment to the Lonesome Dove chronicle Comanche Moon which describes the events of the central characters' lives between Dead Man's Walk and Lonesome Dove. The second novel in the Lonesome Dove series was the 1993 sequel to the original called Streets of Laredo.
 Blaze of Glory (full cover title: Blaze of Glory: The Last Ride of the Western Heroes) is a four-issue comic book limited series published in 2000 by Marvel Comics. It was written by John Ostrander and drawn by Leonardo Manco.The series featured a more historically realistic update of Marvel's Western heroes.
 The Alabaster Staff is a Fantasy novel by Edward Bolme set in the Forgotten Realms fictional universe.
 Farnham's Freehold is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein. A serialised version edited by Frederik Pohl appeared in Worlds of If magazine (July August October 1964). The complete version was published in novel form by G.P.
 Firefighter! Daigo of Fire Company M (め組の大吾 Megumi no Daigo) is a shōnen manga by Masahito Soda. The manga has been released in its entirety by Viz Media in the United States. In 1996 it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen.
 The £1000000 Bank Note and Other New Stories is an 1893 collection of short stories by American writer Mark Twain.
 Domosdova is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Beneath the Gated Sky is a science-fiction novel by Robert Reed first published in 1997. It describes a world in which the sky undergoes a transformation that prevents people from seeing the stars giving them instead a view of the other side of the world as if the Earth had been turned inside out.
 The Magic Dishpan of Oz is a 1994 children's book written by Jeff Freedman and illustrated by Denis McFarling. As its title indicates the book is one contribution to the ever-growing literature on the Land of Oz originated by L.
 Charlotte Gray is a 1999 book by Sebastian Faulks and completes his loose trilogy of books about France with an account of the adventures of a young Scotswoman who becomes involved with the French resistance during the Second World War. It is set in Vichy France during World War II. The story is thought to be based on the exploits of French Resistance member Nancy Wake codenamed the White Mouse by the Gestapo and Pearl Cornioley a British secret service agent.
 The Bonemender series is a trilogy of young-adult fantasy novels by Holly Bennett between 2005 and 2007 through Orca Book Publishers. The first novel The Bonemender was published on September 1 2005 with the subsequent novels Bonemender's Oath and Bonemender's Choice publishing on November 1 2006 and September 1st 2007.
 VIP Magazin is a magazine from Chișinău Moldova that was established in 2004. The magazine has a show with the same name on Pro TV Chișinău since 2007.
 The Saturn Game is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1982 and the Nebula Award for Best Novella in 1981.
 Author Stan Zielinski (born 1932) is best known for his seminal work Saint Bernards from the Stoan Perspective (ISBN 978-1-57779-013-6). He and his St. Bernard dogs have appeared on Animal Planet and other television programs and are renowned for their work as weight-pulling teams. Since 1965 Zielinski has bred more than 100 AKC champion St. Bernards.
 Heidi (pronounced [ˈhaɪdi]) is a Swiss work of fiction originally published in two parts as Heidi's years of learning and travel (German: Heidis Lehr- und Wanderjahre) and Heidi makes use of what she has learned. (German: Heidi kann brauchen was sie gelernt hat)It is a novel about the events in the life of a young girl in her grandfather's care in the Swiss Alps.
 First published in 1932 A Child of the Revolution is (a last book in the Scarlet Pimpernel series by Baroness Orczy.
 Sometimes a Great Notion is Ken Kesey's second novel published in 1964. While One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1962) is arguably more famous many critics consider Sometimes a Great Notion Kesey's magnum opus.
 Educational Administration Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editor is Linda E. Skrla (Texas A&M University). It has been in publication since 1965 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with University Council for Educational Administration.
 A Tangled Tale is a collection of ten brief humorous stories by Lewis Carroll (Charles Lutwidge Dodgson) published serially between April 1880 and March 1885 in The Monthly Packet magazine. Arthur B. Frost added illustrations when the series was printed in book form. The stories or Knots as Carroll calls them present mathematical problems. In a later issue Carroll gives the solution to a Knot and discusses readers' answers.
 The Magicians is a short novel by J. B. Priestley first published in 1954. An example of Priestley's perennial concern with the true nature of time the story uses fantasy elements to discuss the midlife crisis of a successful industrialist briefly touching on social problems and mass psychology.
 Consider the Oyster is a book by M. F. K. Fisher that deals in the history preparation and eating of oysters. The work was first published in the United States in 1941 and has been in print ever since. Thin poetical and whimsical it is perhaps the most famous book about oysters ever written[citation needed].
 Media Trust is a privately held Nigerian newspaper publishing company based in Abuja that publishes the English-language Daily Trust Weekly Trust Sunday Trust and the Hausa-language Aminiya newspapers as well as a new pan-African magazine Kilimanjaro.
 Adventure Kid (アドベンチャーKID Adobenchā Kiddo) is an erotic manga series by Toshio Maeda which was adapted into a 1993 original video animation (OVA). In one VHS release the alternate name Adventure Duo was used because it was believed parents might buy it for their children by mistake without realizing the explicit sexual content and scenes of tentacle rape. Both the manga and OVA series were licensed in North America by Central Park Media through their Anime 18 and Manga 18 divisions.
 Chelonian Conservation and Biology: International Journal of Turtle and Tortoise Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on freshwater turtles marine turtles and tortoises (Order Testudines). It was established in 1993 by the Chelonian Research Foundation as the new scientific journal of the IUCN Species Survival Commission's Tortoise and Freshwater Turtle Specialist Group and the International Bulletin of Chelonian Research.
 American Notes for General Circulation is a travelogue by Charles Dickens detailing his trip to North America from January to June 1842. Whilst there he acted as a critical observer of North American society almost as if returning a status report on their progress. This can be compared to the style of his Pictures from Italy written four years later where he wrote far more like a tourist. His American journey was also an inspiration for his novel Martin Chuzzlewit.
 The Briefing is an evangelical Christian magazine published by Matthias Media in partnership with The Good Book Company (UK). It is printed monthly and is circulated in Australia North America and the United Kingdom.
 The Other Boleyn Girl (2001) is a historical fiction novel written by British author Philippa Gregory loosely based on the life of 16th-century aristocrat Mary Boleyn. Reviews were mixed; some said it was a brilliantly claustrophobic look at palace life in Tudor England while others have consistently pointed out the lack of historical accuracy. It has enjoyed phenomenal success and popularity since its publication.
 Perspecta: The Yale Architectural Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal published since 1952 by the Yale School of Architecture and distributed by the MIT Press. Graduate students are competitively chosen to edit each issue. It is the oldest architectural journal of its kind in the United States and is rated as an A* journal on the Excellence in Research for Australia journal list. Contributors include some of the most important figures in contemporary architecture worldwide.
 The Mysterious Disappearance of Leon (I Mean Noel) is a children's mystery novel by Ellen Raskin published in 1971.
 TagesWoche is a Swiss German-language online newspaper with a weekly Friday printed edition published in Basel by Neue Medien Basel AG in Basel Basel-Stadt.
 Shin Honkaku Mahō Shōjo Risuka (新本格魔法少女りすか Shin Honkaku Mahō Shōjo Risuka New ( ) Magical Girl Risuka) also known as Magical Girl Risuka (魔法少女りすか Mahō Shōjo Risuka) is a Japanese light novel series written by Japanese novelist Nisio Isin (Zaregoto series Monogatari series Medaka Box) and illustrated by Kinu Nishimura.
 Gift Focus magazine is a trade publication and web site owned by KD Media Publishing Ltd. It is a business-to-business (B2B) magazine brand predominantly aimed at UK giftware retailers including independent retailers high street multiples department stores garden centres heritage outlets and other gift stockists. It is the official journal of the Giftware Association.
 Synlett is an international scientific journal for accounts and rapid communications of original contributions of fundamental research in synthetic organic chemistry. The impact factor of this journal is 2.655 (2012).
 Rivers of Time is a 1993 collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp first published in paperback by Baen Books. All but two of the pieces were originally published between 1956 and 1993 in the magazines Galaxy The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction Analog and Asimov's Science Fiction and the Robert Silverberg-edited anthology The Ultimate Dinosaur.
 Baribari Legend (バリバリ伝説 Baribari Densetsu) is an early motorbike racing manga series by Shuichi Shigeno who went on to create the Initial D series. It was published in 38 volumes between 1983 and 1991 by Kodansha. In 1985 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.This manga about 4 high-schoolers and bike races got tremendous support from bike fans back then[citation needed] due to the realness and detail of the bikes Shigeno drew.The story has a lot of similar points with Initial D.
 Gamerz Heaven (ゲーマーズヘブン!) is a manga by Maki Murakami author of the popular manga Gravitation. The story is about young gamer Kaito Suzuki who one day discovers a video game that transports the player to a different dimension.Upon reaching this strange new world Kaito discovers a boy known as the navigator aptly dubbed Nata. In Gamerz Heaven the real world is referred to as the Second Zone.
 The Gatekeepers: Inside the Admissions Process of a Premier College is a 2002 nonfiction book written by education reporter Jacques Steinberg that examines the inner workings of admissions committees at prestigious colleges and universities in the United States and addresses the changing face of American higher level education in the 21st century.
 The Lëtzebuerger Journal is a daily newspaper in Luxembourg. It holds a centrist liberal editorial position supporting the Democratic Party.The newspaper was first published on 5 April 1948 replacing the Obermosel-Zeitung and l'Unio'n which ceased publication on the previous Saturday.
 City Hunter (シティーハンター Shitī Hantā) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tsukasa Hojo. It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1985 to 1991 and collected into 35 tankōbon volumes by its publisher Shueisha. The manga was adapted into an anime television series by Sunrise Studios in 1987.
 Deadly Heat is the fifth novel in Richard Castle's series about NYPD homicide detective Nikki Heat and journalist Jameson Rook. It was released on September 17 2013. The novel is published by Hyperion Books in collaboration with ABC. ABC produces the TV series Castle where the main character Richard Castle to whom the book is credited shadows NYPD Detective Kate Beckett. The real author is unknown.
 The Timaru Herald is a daily provincial newspaper serving the Timaru South Canterbury and Otago districts of New Zealand. The current audited daily circulation is about 14500 copies with a readership of about 31000 people. The paper is owned and published by Fairfax New Zealand.
 The Santiago Times is an English-language newspaper published in Santiago Chile that reports news in Chile and the other parts of Latin America. It is part of The Chilean Information Project (CHIP) reporting on environmental social and economic issues within Chile.
 The CTO Forum is an IT magazine for India CTO community published fortnightly by 9.9 Media. It is targeted at technology professionals in enterprises. The company 9.9 Media also holds a well-known event called The CTO Forum a summit.
 First Among Equals is a 1984 novel by British author Jeffrey Archer which follows the careers and personal lives of four fictional British politicians (Simon Kerslake MP for Coventry Central and later Pucklebridge; Charles Seymour MP for Sussex Downs; Raymond Gould MP for Leeds North; and Andrew Fraser MP for Edinburgh Carlton) from 1964 to 1991 with each vying to become Prime Minister.
 The Boston Investigator was the first American newspaper dedicated to the philosophy of freethought. The newspaper was started in 1831 by Abner Kneeland and published by John Q. Adams.
 Cafcaf Humour Magazine (Turkish: Cafcaf Mizah Dergisi as known as Cafcaf) is a magazine that has been published in Turkey since 2007. It is published once every three months. The director of the magazine is Asım Gültekin.In 2007 Cafcaf started to be published as Genç Dergi’s addition. In December 2008 Cafcaf became independent and started to be sold as single. Sometimes Cafcaf's frequency changed as monthly or twice a month.
 Amazing X-Men is the name of two X-Men comic book series from Marvel Comics. The first was a limited series published during the Age of Apocalypse storyline. The current ongoing series began in November 2013 in the aftermath of Battle of the Atom and is initially written by Jason Aaron with art by Ed McGuinness featuring a lineup of long-time X-Men characters led by Wolverine.
 Self Help (published as Pravda in the US) is a novel by English author Edward Docx published in 2007 by Picador; it won Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize that year and was also long-listed for the Man Booker Prize. The novel has received positive reviews his description of cities being compared to both Dickens and Dostoevsky.
 The International Journal of Hyperthermia is a peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the Society for Thermal Medicine the European Society for Hyperthermic Oncology and the Japanese Society of Hyperthermic Oncology. It covers research and clinical studies and trials on hyperthermia which fall largely into the three main categories of clinical studies biological studies and techniques of heat delivery and temperature measurement.
 The New Zealand Medical Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of the New Zealand Medical Association. It was established in September 1887 by the New Zealand Branch of the British Medical Association. The present editor-in-chief is Frank Frizelle. The journal is a member of the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors. It has been published online since July 2002. Six issues a year of a printed digest of articles are also produced.
 Science News is an American bi-weekly magazine devoted to short articles about new scientific and technical developments typically gleaned from recent scientific and technical journals. Science News has been published since 1922 by Society for Science & the Public a non-profit organization founded by E. W. Scripps in 1920. American chemist Edwin Slosson served as the publication's first editor. From 1922 to 1966 it was called Science News Letter.
 Casanova is an American creator-owned comic book series by writer Matt Fraction and artists Gabriel Bá and Fábio Moon. It was first published by Image Comics and premiered in June 2006 in the Slimline format of 16 pages of story per issue sold at the reduced price of $1.99. Beginning in 2011 it is published by Marvel Comics' Icon imprint.The series centers upon renowned thief Casanova Quinn who gets blackmailed into being a pawn and double agent in a global game of super-espionage.
 Coot Club is the fifth book of Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books published in 1934. The book sees Dick and Dorothea Callum visiting the Norfolk Broads during the Easter holidays eager to learn to sail and thus impress the Swallows and Amazons when they return to the Lake District later that year. Along with a cast of new characters Dick and Dorothea explore the North and South Broads and become 'able seamen'.
 Only Forward is the debut novel of author Michael Marshall Smith. First published in 1994 by HarperCollins. It was the winner of the August Derleth Award (1995) and Philip K. Dick Award (2000).
 The SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing (SISC) formerly SIAM Journal on Scientific & Statistical Computing is a scientific journal focusing on the research articles on numerical methods and techniques for scientific computation. It is published by the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM).
 The Sacramento Union was a daily newspaper founded in 1851 in Sacramento California. It was the oldest daily newspaper west of the Mississippi River before it closed its doors after 143 years in January 1994 no longer able to compete with The Sacramento Bee which was founded in 1857 just six years after the Union.
 The Statesman is the oldest newspaper at Stony Brook University a flagship university of the SUNY (State University of New York) system. It was founded in 1957 as the Sucolian at the State University Campus On Long Island at Oyster Bay the precursor to Stony Brook University.
 Guns is an essay written by Stephen King on the issue of gun violence. It was published as a Kindle Single on Amazon.com. On January 25 2013 Guns was released in e-book and audiobook formats the latter read by Christian Rummel.
 The Tale of Two Bad Mice is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and published by Frederick Warne & Co. in September 1904. Potter took inspiration for the tale from two mice caught in a cage-trap in her cousin's home and a dollhouse being constructed by her editor and publisher Norman Warne as a Christmas gift for his niece Winifred.
 The Nordic Journal of English Studies is a Swedish peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on English language and literature. It was established in 2002 and published by the University of Oslo until 2006. It is currently published by the University of Gothenburg and associated with the Nordic Association of English Studies. It features a review section that is particularly concerned with publications from the Nordic countries. The current editor in chief is Karin Aijmer.
 Afterall is a nonprofit contemporary art research and publishing organisation. It is based in London at Central St Martins College of Art & Design.The journal Afterall was founded by curator Charles Esche and artist Mark Lewis in 1998 (issue 0 came out in 1999). Each issue focused on the work of four artists presenting two in-depth essays for each artist.
 When the Eagle Hunts is a 2002 novel by Simon Scarrow set in 44 AD during the Roman invasion of Britain. It is the third book in the Eagle Series.
 Genus Homo is a science fiction novel by L. Sprague de Camp and P. Schuyler Miller. It was first published in the science fiction magazine Super Science Stories for March 1941 and subsequently published in book form in hardcover by Fantasy Press in 1950 and in paperback by Berkley Books in 1961. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
 Respublika is a Lithuanian newspaper published since September 16 1989. Since January 7 1991 it has published a Russian language edition (Республика).In 1993 one of the founders deputy editor in chief and investigative journalist Vitas Lingys was shot to death in Vilnius after several death threats. Lingys wrote about organized crime and published several revealing stories about Vilnius Brigade crimes. Boris Dekanidze was found guilty for this crime and sentenced to death.
 Hunting Eichmann: How a Band of Survivors and a Young Spy Agency Chased Down the World's Most Notorious Nazi is a book by Neal Bascomb about Adolf Eichmann and his escape to Argentina after World War II.
 Reporteri is a student newspaper published in Albania.
 The Journal of Consciousness Studies is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal dedicated entirely to the field of consciousness studies. It was previously edited by Joseph Goguen. It is currently edited by Professor Valerie Gray Hardcastle of the University of Cincinnati.
 Sparrow's Hotel (スパロウズホテル) is a yonkoma manga series written and illustrated by Yuka Santō. An anime adaptation by Hotline aired between April 9 to June 25 2013 on AT-X and was streamed with English subtitles by Crunchyroll.
 Amazing Grace is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in October 2007. The book is Steel's seventy-third novel.
 Jungle Tales was an American comic book title published by Atlas Comics the 1950s predecessor to Marvel Comics. It was an anthology title of stories set in an African jungle.
 Memory in Death (2006) is a novel by J. D. Robb. It is the twenty-third novel in the In Death series preceding Haunted in Death. It is the longest In Death novel by a small margin.
 Saka no Ue no Kumo (坂の上の雲) Cloud (or Clouds) over the slope is a popular Japanese historical novel by Shiba Ryōtarō originally published serially from 1968 to 1972 in eight volumes.
 The Quest of the Missing Map is the nineteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1942 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Mildred Wirt Benson.
 Husky Football in the Don James Era is a book published in 2007. It covers the years 1975–1993 when Don James was head football coach for the University of Washington Huskies. In eighteen years James led his team to six Rose Bowls and one Orange Bowl as well a national championship in 1991. His controversial sudden retirement in 1993 was in protest of Pac-10 sanctions against his team. In this book James purportedly discusses his retirement publicly for the first time.
 Acta Numerica is a mathematics journal publishing research on numerical analysis. It was established in 1992 to publish widely accessible summaries of recent advances in the field.One volume is published each year consisting of review and survey articles from authors invited by the journal's editorial board.The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.
 Nights of Labor: The Workers Dream in Nineteenth Century France (La Nuit des prolétaires: Archives du rêve ouvrier) is a 1981 non-fiction book by Jacques Rancière which was based upon his doctoral thesis. The book was re-released in 2012 by Verso under the title Proletarian Nights.
 Wake also called WWW: Wake is a 2009 novel written by Canadian novelist Robert J. Sawyer. It is the first installment in the WWW Trilogy and was followed by two sequels Watch (2010) and Wonder (2011). An audio book was released on 7 April 2009.Wake details the spontaneous emergence of an intelligence on the World Wide Web called Webmind.
 Star Science Fiction Stories No.1 is the first book in the anthology series Star Science Fiction Stories edited by Frederik Pohl. It was first published in 1953 by Ballantine Books without numeration and was reprinted in 1972 as No. 1. The book featured the first appearance of Arthur C. Clarke's short story The Nine Billion Names of God.
 Q·Ko-chan: The Earth Invader Girl (QコちゃんTHE地球侵略少女 Kyūko-chan: The Chikyū Shinryaku Shōjo) is a manga series by Hajime Ueda. The two-volume series has been released in the United States by Del Rey Manga.
 Head in Flames is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen published by Chiasmus Press in 2009.
 The Glory of Rome is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Liberty Liberty! (Japanese: リバティ☆リバティ! Hepburn: Ribatei Ribatei!) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hinako Takanaga. It was first serialized by Gentosha in Comic Birz. Later it was licensed in North America by Blu Manga an imprint of Tokyopop and in Germany by Tokyopop Germany.
 Jaam-e Jam (Persian: جام جم‎) is a newspaper which had its first issue on 29 april 2000. It is published by Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB) with a conservative bent and Bijan Moghaddam is director and editor in chief and Akbar Yaghoobi is public relation manager of this newspaper. Panorama is one of its supplements and the first weekly English newspaper of the country.
 The War of the Worlds is a science fiction novel by English author H. G. Wells. It first appeared in serialized form in 1897 published simultaneously in Pearson's Magazine in the UK and Cosmopolitan magazine in the US. The first appearance in book form was published by William Heinemann of London in 1898. It is the first-person narrative of the adventures of an unnamed protagonist and his brother in Surrey and London as Earth is invaded by Martians.
 Business Ethics Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes theoretical and empirical research relevant to all aspects of business ethics. It publishes articles and reviews on a broad range of topics including the internal ethics of business organizations the role of business organizations in larger social political and cultural frameworks and the ethical quality of market-based societies and market-based relationships.
 The Losers is a comic book series published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics written by Andy Diggle and illustrated by Jock. It ran for 32 issues from August 2003 to March 2006.The idea was very loosely based on the original The Losers for DC Comics a group of World War II soldiers although Diggle maintains he has never read a single issue of the original series.The series was adapted into a film of the same name that was released in 2010.
 The Merced Sun-Star is a daily broadsheet newspaper printed in Merced California in the United States. It has an estimated circulation of 20000 copies. The newspaper is published every day except for Sundays.
 Dead in the Water is the third novel in the Stone Barrington series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 1997 by HarperCollins. The novel takes place on the island of St. Marks after the events in Dirt. The novel continues the story of Stone Barrington a retired detective turned lawyer/private investigator
 The International Journal of Wavelets Multiresolution and Information Processing is published since 2003 by World Scientific. It covers both theory and application of wavelet analysis multiresolution and information processing in a variety of disciplines in science and engineering.
 Le Cuir ('Leather') was a daily newspaper published from Paris France founded in 1908. Le Cuir was dedicated to covering issues relating to the leather/shoe industry and trade. As of the mid-1930s U-J Thuau was the director of the newspaper and Charles Guénot its editor-in-chief.
 Day Break Illusion - il sole penetra le illusioni (幻影ヲ駆ケル太陽 Gen'ei o Kakeru Taiyō The Sun That Penetrates Illusions) is an original anime series produced by AIC and Aniplex. The series aired in Japan between July and September 2013 and was simulcast by Crunchyroll. A manga adaptation was serialized in the June 2013 issue of Square Enix's online magazine Gangan Online.
 Power of Faerûn (ISBN 0-7869-3910-9) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 The Winter Queen (Russian: Азазель Azazel) is the first novel from the Erast Fandorin series of historical detective novels written by Russian author Boris Akunin. It was subtitled конспирологический детектив (conspiracy mystery).
 The Coffee Trader is an historical novel by David Liss set in 17th century Amsterdam. The story revolves around the activities of commodity trader Miguel Lienzo a Jew who is a refugee from the Portuguese Inquisition. Recovering from near financial ruin he embarks on a coffee trading scheme with a Dutch woman; kept secret because it is forbidden by his community council. The scheme involves coffee a new import to Europe.
 Zero Tolerance Magazine is an extreme music magazine published by Obdurate Ltd. in the United Kingdom. Published bi-monthly it can be found on newsstands in the UK Europe and North America - and is available (with some delay) on newsstands in Australia and specialist retailers in New Zealand and Taiwan. The magazine features a covermount CD.It was launched in 2004 by Lisa Macey (formerly publisher of Terrorizer Magazine) and Leon Macey (of experimental UK extreme metal band Mithras).
 Cinderella: From Fabletown with Love was a comic book limited series published by Vertigo Comics in 2009 and 2010 and set in the world of Fables. The story portrays Cinderella as a secret agent performing missions on behalf of Fabletown. Its title is an allusion to the James Bond novel From Russia with Love.The series was written by Chris Roberson with art by Shawn McManus cover art by Chrissie Zullo; a compilation of the six issues was published in August 2010.
 Indemnity Only is a mystery novel written by Sara Paretsky.
 Sunnyside is a historical fiction novel by Glen David Gold.
 Commonwealth is a book by Autonomous Marxist theorists Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri. It completes a trilogy which includes Empire and Multitude: War and Democracy in the Age of Empire.The influence of the book has paralleled the rise of the common as a concept at the center of the political and cultural debate.
 Unequal Childhoods: Class Race and Family Life is a 2003 non-fiction book by American author Annette Lareau based upon a study of 88 African American and white families (of which only 12 were discussed) to understand the impact of how social class makes a difference in family life more specifically in children's lives. The book argues that regardless of race social economic class will determine how children cultivate skills they will use in the future.
 Star Trek: Ships of the Line is a book created to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of the Star Trek franchise. The book was edited by Doug Drexler and Margaret Clark. The text was by Michael Okuda. The book is a collection of images from the highly successful and acclaimed Star Trek: Ships of the Line calendars.
 5 min was a free newspaper published in Latvia.
 The Thief of Always is a novel by Clive Barker that was published in 1992.It is a fable written for children by Clive Barker. It is also intended for adults as well. The book contains many black and white drawings by the author and the cover illustrated by Clive Barker. His official site has an extensive online gallery of all The Thief of Always illustrations.
 Stardance is a science fiction novel by Spider Robinson and Jeanne Robinson published by Dial Press in 1979 as part of its Quantum science fiction line. The novel's opening segment originally appeared in Analog in 1977 as the novella Stardance followed by the serialized conclusion Stardance II in Analog in 1978.After the Dial hardcover appeared in 1979 Stardance was reprinted in paperback by Dell Books in 1980 followed by reissues from Tor Books and Baen Books over the next decade.
 Tideland News is a newspaper based in Swansboro North Carolina. It covers Swansboro and other Eastern Onslow county news as well as Western Carteret County news (Cedar Point Cape Carteret Emerald Isle).
 Gallery Fake (ギャラリーフェイク Gyararī Feiku) is a Japanese manga by Fujihiko Hosono. In 1996 it received the Shogakukan Manga Award.
 Permafrost is the farthest north literary journal in the United States. Based out of the University of Alaska Fairbanks Permafrost publishes poetry fiction non-fiction and photography from around the country Canada and Europe. While not officially dedicated to writing from Alaska since 2005 the content has represented an increasingly northern flavor publishing interviews with such notable Alaskan writers as Gerri Brightwell Derick Burleson and Richard Nelson.
 'Coral Gardens' is the title of the 1978 English-language translation of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 'Korallengärten' an illustrations book published in the same year in Germany. The book was published by Harper Collins in the United States. It is the first of two book collections of underwater photographs followed by Impressionen unter Wasser (Impressions under Water) in 1990.
 Footfalls of Indian History (1915) is a book written by Sister Nivedita. Nivedita dedicated her life for the service of India. In the book the author has discussed on several chapters of Indian history her glory her drawback. The most important topics of Indian history like religions of India Indian philosophy Indian culture architecture have been discussed in the book. Author not only discussed on some problems of India she has also thrown light to solve those problems.
 Butsu Zone (仏ゾーン Butsu Zōn Buddha Zone) is the first serialized manga by Hiroyuki Takei in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump of 1997. The term Buddha Zone refers to the concept by which a Buddha can appear on Earth using a Buddha statue.The series highlights the adventures of Senju (the Thousand-Hand Avalokiteśvara Bodhisattva) who has to find and protect Sachi an incarnation of the Buddha Miroku (Maitreya Bodhisattva).
 The Cassville Republican was a weekly newspaper in the town of Cassville Missouri the county seat of Barry County Missouri. The newspaper was founded in 1872 and ceased operation in 1984 after 112 years of operation. The newspaper was established to provide the Republican Party viewpoint to counter the Cassville Democrat which had been established a year prior.
 Gozen 3-ji no Muhōchitai (午前3時の無法地帯) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yōko Nemu. It will be adapted into a live action series that will debut on March 20 2013. It will have 12 episodes each with 12 minutes.
 Dataquest is an Indian magazine focused on Information technology related articles. A fortnightly Dataquest is published by Cyber Media India Ltd South Asia's largest specialty media group. It was one of the first publications to champion energy/green issues and the application of IT in governance. The magazine runs two special sections on these two areas: Green IT and eGovernance.
 Furniture Style (magazine) was a monthly business-to-business magazine and Web site serving home furnishings retailers specifically furniture retailers and interior designers. Owned by William C. Vance's Vance Publishing Corp. the magazine was BPA-audited and reaches 25000 furniture retail professionals in the United States and Canada. The magazine was based in Lincolnshire Illinois at Vance Publishing's corporate headquarters; it was founded in October 1996.
 The Observer has been serving Sarnia-Lambton since 1853 and publishes six times per week Monday through Saturday. This broadsheet is a member of the Sun Media family of newspapers. Daryl C. Smith is The Observer's publisher. Rod Hilts is the managing editor. The offices of the Observer are in Sarnia. The paper is printed in London Ontario on presses owned by Sun Media which also publishes the London Free Press.
 The Way of the World is a play written by English playwright William Congreve. It premiered in 1700 in the theatre in Lincoln's Inn Fields in London. It is widely regarded as one of the best Restoration comedies and is still occasionally performed.
 Light is a science fiction novel by M. John Harrison published in 2002. It received the James Tiptree Jr. Award and a BSFA nomination in 2002 and was shortlisted for the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 2003.
 Diario de Manila was a Spanish language newspaper published in the Philippines founded on October 11 1848 and closed down by official decree on February 19 1898 after the colonial authorities discovered that its installations were being used to print revolutionary material.The Diario was edited by Felipe del Pan and published by the Ramirez y Compañia whose headquarters were based in Intramuros Manila and its business and editorial offices in Binondo.
 The Daily Herald is a daily newspaper based in Arlington Heights Illinois a suburb of Chicago. The newspaper is distributed in the northern northwestern and western suburbs of Chicago. The paper started in 1871 and is independently owned and run by the Paddock family.The paper's longtime slogan has been To fear God tell the truth and make money.
 Big Bad Mouse is a frequently revived 1960s British stage play and theatrical comedic farce that although not specifically written for them became famous as a loose vehicle for the many talents of the British comedy actors Jimmy Edwards and Eric Sykes and has constantly seen various revivals with other stars right up to 2008.Written jointly by Phillip King and Falkland Cary from an original idea by Ivan Butler Big Bad Mouse was first staged in 1964 but did not become a box office hit until Edwards and Sykes took over the lead roles and toured the show across the UK in 1966 and 1967. 
 Memoirs: 1939–1993 is a memoir written by the former Prime Minister of Canada Brian Mulroney. The book was released on September 10 2007 and outlines Mulroney's version of events during his early life political career and time as prime minister.
 National Review (N.R.) is a semimonthly magazine founded by author William F. Buckley Jr. in 1955 and based in New York City. It describes itself as America's most widely read and influential magazine and web site for conservative news commentary and opinion.Although the print version of the magazine is available on-line to subscribers the free content on the web-site is essentially a separate publication under different editorial direction.
 Noor is a two-act play by Akbar Ahmed about the abduction of a young woman named Noor and her three brothers who represent currents inside modern Muslim communities: a Sufi a secular government bureaucrat and an angry fundamentalist.
 Scientific American Mind is a bimonthly American popular science magazine concentrating on psychology neuroscience and related fields. By analyzing and revealing new thinking in the cognitive sciences the magazine tries to focus on the biggest breakthroughs in these fields. Scientific American Mind is published by Scientific American and was established in 2004.
 Telepathy Shōjo Ran Jiken Note (テレパシー少女「蘭」事件ノート Telepathy Girl 'Ran' Incident Notes) is a novel series by Atsuko Asano. A manga adaptation by Toshitsugu Iida is serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Shōnen Sirius. A twenty-six-episode anime adaptation aired in Japan between June 21 and December 20 2008. It is being produced by TMS Entertainment and was broadcast by NHK.
 Sky Coyote is a science fiction novel of The Company by Kage Baker. It is the second in the series which began with In The Garden of Iden and continues with Mendoza in Hollywood.
 The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business Is Selling Less of More is a debut book by Chris Anderson Editor in chief of Wired magazine. The book was initially published on July 11 2006 by Hyperion. The text is an expansion of his 2004 article The Long Tail in the magazine. The Long Tail appeared on the New York Times Nonfiction Best Sellers list. The book was also shortlisted for Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award on 18 September 2006.
 The Rapture: In the Twinkling of an Eye/Countdown to the Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel novel in the Left Behind series written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006. This book is the final of the three prequels and covers events leading up to the first book Left Behind. The narrative of the novel The Rapture includes events that take place during the first chapters of Left Behind and provides a backdrop story for the book Left Behind.
 Communisme (French: communism) is a French multidisciplinary academic journal in the field of communist studies focusing in particular on the history of communism founded in 1982 by Annie Kriegel and Stéphane Courtois. The starting objective of the journal has been to scientifically analyze the history of communism.
 The Secret House of Death is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell first published in 1968.
 The Bone Collector is a 1997 novel by Jeffery Deaver.The book introduces the character of Lincoln Rhyme a quadriplegic forensic criminalist.It was made into a movie in 1999.
 CineAction (formerly styled CineACTION!) is a Canada-based film magazine published three times a year edited by an editorial collective that included critic Robin Wood. It was founded in 1985 by members of the film department at Toronto's York University.
 Nõiduse õpilane (English: Sorcerer's Apprentice / Sorcerer's Disciple / Student of Witchcraft) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1967 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 1994.
 Global Securities Lending is a quarterly trade magazine focusing on the worldwide securities lending industry with in-depth features and news analysis on the industry.The magazine also features a website with daily news as well as video reports and interviews. GSL also organises worldwide summits for individuals involved in the securities lending industry.Global Securities Lending magazine is aimed at borrowers lenders and other individuals in the worldwide securities lending market.
 One Night @ the Call Center or ON@CC is a novel written by Chetan Bhagat and first published in 2005. The novel revolves around a group of six call center employees working in Connexions call center in Gurgaon Haryana. It takes place during the span of one night in which all of the leading characters confront some aspect of themselves or their lives they would like to change.
 Monthly Comic Flapper (月刊コミックフラッパー Gekkan Komikku Furappā) is a monthy Japanese seinen manga magazine published on the 5th each month by Media Factory since November 5 1999 as a successor to Comic Alpha. The magazine celebrated its 100th issue in March 2008.
 The Tom Thomson Mystery is a book by Canadian judge William T. Little. It was published in 1970 by McGraw-Hill Ryerson.Thomson is regarded by some as Canada's most famous painter. He died in July 1917 drowning in Canoe Lake in Ontario's Algonquin Park and was buried there. Two days later his family sent an undertaker to exhume the body and send it back for re-burial in Leith Ontario.
 Good Luck! Nimomiya-kun (ご愁傷さま二ノ宮くん Goshūshō-sama Ninomiya-kun My condolences Ninomiya-kun or My heartfelt sympathy Ninomiya-kun) is a Japanese light novel series by Daisuke Suzuki with illustrations by Kyōrin Takanae. The light novel started serialization in Monthly Dragon Magazine in April 2005 published by Fujimi Shobo. A manga adaptation was being serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age. An anime adaptation by AIC Spirits first aired in Japan on October 4 2007.
 Ketumadi Toungoo Yazawin (Burmese: ကေတုမတီ တောင်ငူ ရာဇဝင် lit. the Chronicle of Toungoo) is a Burmese chronicle that covers the history of Toungoo from 1279 to 1613. An 1837 palm-leaf manuscript copy of an earlier copy has survived. The chronicle only provides a brief summary of early rulers. A more detailed account of later rulers begins with the reign of Min Sithu of Toungoo (r. 1481–1485) suggesting that the chronicle was first compiled in the late 15th century.
 The Sword of the Lady (2009) is an alternate history post-apocalyptic novel by author S. M. Stirling. It is the sixth book in the Emberverse series. Rudi Mackenzie and his group leave Iowa heading through Wisconsin out onto the Great Lakes into what was once Maine and finally to Nantucket. All the while they are pursued by the Church Universal and Triumphant (CUT) led by a High Seeker (a CUT priest with supernatural powers) and Major Graber.
 Economic Development Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of economics. The journal's editors-in-chief are Larry C. Ledebur (Cleveland State University) Timothy J. Bartik (Upjohn Institute for Employment Research) and George A. Erickcek (Upjohn Institute for Employment Research). It was established in 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Cleveland State University.
 20 minutes is a French-language edition of 20 Minuten a German-language newspaper published in Switzerland launched on 8 March 2006 by Tamedia for the Romandie. As of 2008 it had a circulation of 221560.
 Madeline and the Bad Hat is an illustrated children's novel by Ludwig Bemelmans featuring the popular children's character Madeline. First published by Viking Press in 1956. The story begins when the Spanish Ambassador moves in next door. His son Pepito is not a good boy. Madeline dubs him a 'bad hat'. The book is controversial due to the cruel nature of Pepito's mischief. After he suffers from his own actions Pepito reforms himself.
 The Hammer of Eden is a work by Ken Follett. It is about a group of people living together in a commune cut off from the rest of the world. When their commune is threatened by a plan to build a dam they turn desperate and devise a devious plan to arm twist the governor of California to abandon the project. They transform themselves into eco-terrorists and threaten to start an earthquake if their demands are not met.
 A Latin Dictionary (or Harpers' Latin Dictionary often referred to as Lewis and Short or L&S) is a popular English-language lexicographical work of the Latin language published by Harper and Brothers of New York in 1879 and printed simultaneously in the United Kingdom by Oxford University Press.
 The Old Capital (translated English title of the Japanese Koto 古都 which refers to the city Kyoto 京都) is a novel by Yasunari Kawabata originally published in 1962. It was first translated into English in 1987 by J. Martin Holman. Holman's newly revised edition of his translation was published in February 2006 by Shoemaker and Hoard Press.
 You may be looking for UNNATURAL CAUSES: Is Inequality Making Us Sick? a documentary series broadcast on PBS in 2008.Unnatural Causes (1967) is a detective novel by English crime writer P. D. James.
 Haruhi Suzumiya (涼宮ハルヒ Suzumiya Haruhi) is the general name for a series of light novels written by Nagaru Tanigawa and illustrated by Noizi Ito and which were adapted into other media.
 People States and Fear: The National Security Problem in International Relations was a 1983 work by Barry Buzan. It is one of the foundation texts of the Copenhagen School of security studies. A revised edition of the book was published in 1991 as People States and Fear: An Agenda for International Security Studies in the Post Cold War Era.
 The Belonging Kind is a science fiction short story; a collaboration between noted cyberpunk authors William Gibson and John Shirley. It was first published in the horror anthology Shadows 4 in 1981 later to be included along with several other stories in Gibson's collection Burning Chrome.It is a departure from the Sprawl universe in which several of Gibson's novels and stories are set taking place in a setting much more like contemporary American life.
 Plausible Worlds: Possibility and Understanding in History and the Social Sciences is a 1991 book by Geoffrey Hawthorn professor of sociology at the University of Cambridge. The book is credited with legitimizing the academic field of counterfactual history.The book explores three points of divergence: the Black Death the Korean War and the influence of Duccio.
 Vamos Lá! (ばもら！ Bamora!) from Portuguese Let's Go! is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshimi Osada. It has been published in France by Bamboo Édition under their manga imprint Doki Doki.
 Two Small Bodies is a 1977 two character thriller play by Neal Bell. It was adapted into a 1993 film of the same name by film director Beth B. The play was inspired by the Alice Crimmins 1960s murder trial.
 Saarte Hääl is a daily newspaper published in Saare County Estonia. Before 4 May 2010 it bore the name of Oma Saar.The publisher is TÜ Oma Saar.Newspapers named Saarte Hääl has also been published 1940–1950 and 1988–1992.
 Superman's Metropolis is a DC Comics comic book Elseworlds publication and the first part in a trilogy based on German Expressionist cinema. It was written by Jean-Marc Lofficier Randy Lofficier and Roy Thomas and illustrated by Ted McKeever.The story of Superman's Metropolis is patterned after Fritz Lang's film Metropolis which had in fact been the inspiration for the city in Superman canon.
 The Reporter is an American weekly community newspaper based in the Chicago suburb of Palos Heights Illinois and serves the Illinois communities of Oak Lawn Evergreen Park Worth Chicago Ridge Palos Hills and Hickory Hills. It has both print and online editions with a print circulation of 18000.
 Races of the Dragon is an optional supplemental source book for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Hinton Parklander is a weekly newspaper serving the Hinton Alberta area.
 The Last Letter Home (Swedish: Sista brevet till Sverige) is a novel by Vilhelm Moberg from 1959. It is the fourth and final part of the The Emigrants series the shortest book of the four with a faster pace.
 Clinical Rehabilitation is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes scholarly articles in the field of Rehabilitation medicine. The journal was established in 1987. In 1996 it incorporated the Journal of Rehabilitation Sciences (ISSN 0929-6719 from 1987-1990 known as the Tijdschrift voor Revalidatiewetenschappen ISSN 0923-0211).
 Chemical Communications known as ChemComm is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC). It contains communications (short descriptions of new work requiring rapid publication) of significant work from across the chemical sciences. It also includes feature articles. From January 2012 ChemComm publishes 100 issues per year. The editor of ChemComm is Robert D. Eagling and the Editorial Board Chair is Richard R. Schrock.
 Hastur Lord is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Deborah J. Ross in the Darkover series. It was first published by in hardcover by DAW Books in 1996.
 Aesthetic Journalism: How to Inform Without Informing is a book by Italian writer curator and artist Alfredo Cramerotti.
 The Oakville Beaver is a locally distributed community newspaper in Oakville Ontario Canada. It is published three times weekly by Metroland Media Group. The Oakville Beaver has won the prestigious General Excellence Award in the top circulation Class (40000 and over) in the Ontario Community Newspaper Association's (OCNA) Better Newspapers competition every year since 2006.
 The Carpathian Castle (French: Le Château des Carpathes) is a novel by Jules Verne first published in 1893. It is possible that Bram Stoker took inspiration from this for his 1897 novel Dracula.
 Impulse is the third novel in the Jumper series by Steven Gould and the fourth in the Jumper universe. The first two novels (Jumper and Reflex) tell a connecting story which is continued in Impulse. The third novel about jumping (Jumper: Griffin's Story) is the back-story for the 2008 movie Jumper and is not associated with the story or characters in the other books. Another sequel to Impulse called Exo is expected to be published in the middle of 2013.
 Timbuktu is a 1999 novella by Paul Auster. It is about the life of a dog Mr Bones who is struggling to come to terms with the fact that his homeless master is dying.The story set in the early 1990s is told through the eyes of Mr Bones who although not anthropomorphised has an internal monologue in English.
 A Time to Kill is a 1989 legal suspense thriller by John Grisham. It was Grisham's first novel. The novel was rejected by many publishers before Wynwood Press (located in New York) eventually gave it a modest 5000-copy printing. After The Firm The Pelican Brief and The Client became bestsellers interest in A Time to Kill grew; the book was republished by Doubleday in hardcover and later by Dell Publishing in paperback and itself became a bestseller.
 Tsurikichi Sanpei (釣りキチ三平 lit. Fishing Enthusiast Sanpei) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Takao Yaguchi. The manga is serialised in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1973 to 1983. Kodansha has published the manga's 57 bound volumes between July 5 2003 and October 5 2005.The manga was adapted into an 109-episode anime series. Directed by Yoshikata Nitta the anime's 109 episodes were broadcast on Fuji TV between April 7 1980 and July 28 1982.
 The Infernal City is a book by Greg Keyes. It is the first of two books based on The Elder Scrolls series of video games.
 The North-Western Journal of Zoology is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal on zoology and animal ecology. It is the official journal of the Herpetological Club of Oradea (Romania). It was established in 2005.The journal is indexed and abstracted in the Science Citation Index Expanded The Zoological Record Scopus and EBSCOhost.
 Enderby's Dark Lady or No End to Enderby is a 1984 novel by Anthony Burgess the final volume in the Enderby series. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Hutchinson.The protagonist was killed off in the third book The Clockwork Testament or Enderby's End (1975) but Burgess later considered this a mistake and brought the character back for one more book.
 Chastny Korrespondent (chaskor.ru also known as Chaskor translated as Private correspondent) is a Russian online newspaper. Chaskor is Russia's first periodical edition to switch to Creative Commons license. Chaskor publishes analytical articles reviews interviews and news.Chastny Korrespondent was officially registered in Rospechat.Chastny Korrespondent became a beta-partner with Facebook at the time Social graph was introduced.
 Zafar-Nameh (Persian ظفرنامه Zafar-nāmé the Book of Victory) is an epic poem written by the Persian poet Hamdollah Mostowfi (d. 1334). The epic history compiled in 75000 couplets explores Iranian history from the Arab conquest to the Mongols.
 Mega Power was launched following the success of Paragon Publishing's first publication Sega Pro. Dave Perry along with a small editorial team helped the magazine become the first console publication to include a cover CD[citation needed].
 Spaceman is a nine-issue science fiction comic book miniseries written by Brian Azzarello illustrated by Eduardo Risso and published by Vertigo. Azzarello and Risso previously collaborated for more than ten years on the Vertigo series 100 Bullets as well as other projects such as the Flashpoint miniseries Batman: Knight of Vengeance.
 The Tampa Review is a literary magazine produced at The University of Tampa in Tampa Florida. It was founded in 1964 as the Tampa Poetry Review and changed to its current name in 1988.The TR has been instrumental in promoting Florida-based writers such as Lisbeth Kent Judith Hemsshemeyer Lola Haskins and Dionisio Martinez in the national stage. Work that has appeared in the journal has also been reprinted in The Best American Poetry series and has won the Pushcart Prize.
 Death in a White Tie is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the seventh novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1938. The plot concerns the murder of a British lord after a party.
 Inside Himalaya is a large coffee-table style book containing pictures taken by Basil Pao who was the stills photographer on the team that made the Himalaya with Michael Palin TV program for the BBC.Michael Palin's name is prominently displayed on the cover and he has contributed a two-page Foreword.The rest of the book consists of Basil Pao's photographs each with a short text indicating what the picture is about and where it was taken.
 Buso Renkin (Japanese: 武装錬金 Hepburn: Busō Renkin lit. Arms Alchemy) is a manga series written and drawn by Nobuhiro Watsuki. It follows Kazuki Muto who becomes an alchemical warrior in the battle against alchemical monsters known as homunculi. It was serialized in Shueisha's shōnen magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from June 2003 to April 2005. The individual chapters were republished by Shueisha in ten tankōbon volumes.
 The Mad Moon is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum first published in the December 1935 issue of Astounding Stories. As did his earlier stories A Martian Odyssey and Parasite Planet The Mad Moon emphasizes Weinbaum's alien ecologies. The Mad Moon was the only Weinbaum story set on Io.
 The Death of Sleep is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Jody Lynn Nye published by Baen Books in 1990.It is the second book in the Planet Pirates trilogy and continues the Ireta series that McCaffrey initiated with Dinosaur Planet in 1978. Elizabeth Moon and McCaffrey wrote the other two Planet Pirates books.
 Design of Cities first published in 1967 is an illustrated account of the development of urban form written by Edmund Bacon (1910–2005) who was the Executive Director of the Philadelphia City Planning Commission from 1949 to 1970. The work looks at the many aspects that influence city design including spatial form interactions between humans nature and the built environment perception of favorable environments color and perspective.
 Skeptic is a quarterly science education and science advocacy magazine published internationally by The Skeptics Society a nonprofit organization devoted to promoting scientific skepticism and resisting the spread of pseudoscience superstition and irrational beliefs.
 Your Sinclair or YS as it was commonly abbreviated was a British computer magazine for the Sinclair range of computers mainly the ZX Spectrum.
 John Henry is a 1931 novel by Roark Bradford and illustrated by woodcut artist J. J. Lankes based on the African-American folk hero of the same name. It was made into a Broadway play and later a musical featuring Paul Robeson in the title role and Ruby Elzy as Julie Anne.
 Murphy's Herd is the third novel in Murphy series by Gary Paulsen. The story is about Murphy who marries Midge owner of the Clincherville cafe. After moving to Casper Wyoming someone kills Midge while Murphy is away from the ranch. It was published in May 1989 by Walker & Company.
 A Guide to Window-Dressing (sometimes stylised as A Guide to Window Dressing or A guide to window-dressing) is an illustrated anonymous publication and handbook on the subject of window-dressing first printed in London in 1883.
 The Poorhouse Fair (1959) was the first novel by the American author John Updike. A second edition (New York : Knopf 1977) included an introduction by the author and was slightly revised.
 Always is a science fiction short story written by Karen Joy Fowler. Originally published in the April/May 2007 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction it won the 2007 Nebula Award for Best Short Story. It is collected in Fowler's What I Didn't See.
 Ghoul Trouble is a novel by John Passarella set in the fictional universe of the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Ai Yori Aoshi (藍より青し) is a Japanese seinen manga written and illustrated by Kou Fumizuki and serialized from 1998 to 2005 in Hakusensha's Young Animal. It is a love story between two characters who have not seen each other in years but were once childhood friends. Literally translated the title means Bluer Than Indigo.Ai Yori Aoshi anime was directed by Masami Shimoda and animated by J.C.Staff.
 Comic LO (コミックエルオー Komikku Eru Ō) is a Japanese erotic manga magazine featuring fictional prepubescent early pubescent and highly juvenile-looking girls. Comic LO has been published by Akane Shinsha since October 2002. It was published irregularly until May 2004 when it became a monthly magazine. The LO stands for lolita only. The cover illustrations are by Takamichi.
 How I Paid for College: A Novel of Sex Theft Friendship and Musical Theater is a 2004 teen novel the first by American author Marc Acito.
 Identity Disc is a 2004 five-part comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. The story was written by Robert Rodi and penciled by John Higgins.In the story a who's who of Marvel Villains team up to steal the Identity Disc which supposedly contains data on every Marvel hero including their relatives and credit reports. The plot is largely inspired by the film The Usual Suspects.[citation needed]
 The Megalithic European : The 21st Century Traveller in Prehistoric Europe is Julian Cope's second book on historic sites this time looking at continental Europe and Ireland. Like its predecessor - The Modern Antiquarian - the book is split into a shorter discursive introduction with the bulk of the text being a gazetteer of sites. As with The Modern Antiquarian sites are listed alphabetically within their sections.
 Health Psychology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. The journal is devoted to understanding the scientific relations among psychological factors behavior and physical health and illness. The current editor-in-chief is Anne E. Kazak (Children's Hospital of Philadelphia).
 Air Cargo News publishes industry newspapers and magazines and digital information for senior executives managers and sales agents in the freight forwarding airline airport and cargo handling sector. It is based at Sutton in Surrey in the United Kingdom and is part of the Hamburg-based DVV Media Group.
 Zyword (ガイオード Gaiōdo) is a single volume fantasy manga made by ex-CLAMP member Tamayo Akiyama. It was first published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten in September 2000. In North America it was licensed by Tokyopop which released it in August 8 2006.
 Darkness at Noon (German: Sonnenfinsternis) is a novel by the Hungarian-born British novelist Arthur Koestler first published in 1940. His best known work it is the tale of Rubashov an Old Bolshevik who is arrested imprisoned and tried for treason against the government which he had helped to create.Set in 1938 during the Stalinist Great Purge and Moscow show trials the novel does not name either Russia or the USSR; the characters have Russian names.
 The Art of Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind: Watercolor Impressions (ジアート　風の谷のナウシカ宮崎駿水彩画集 Jaito Kaze no Tani no Naushika Miyazaki Shun Suisai Gashū) is a 1996 artbook written and illustrated by Hayao Miyazaki containing the original watercolor illustrations that were concept sketches used by the Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind manga and its film. Tokuma Shoten first released the artbook on July 31 1996.
 The Weather Makers: The History and Future Impact of Climate Change (2005) is a book by Tim Flannery.The book received critical acclaim. It won the major prize at the 2006 New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards and was short-listed for the 2010 Jan Michalski Prize for Literature.
 Ticktock is a novel by Dean Koontz.
 Hyperborea is a collection of fantasy short stories by Clark Ashton Smith edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the twenty-ninth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in April 1971. It was the second themed collection of Smith's works assembled by Carter for the series. The stories were originally published in various fantasy magazines from the 1930s to the 1950s notably Weird Tales.
 Naked published in 1997 is a collection of essays by American humorist David Sedaris. The book details Sedaris’ life from his unusual upbringing in the suburbs of Raleigh North Carolina to his booze-and-drug-ridden college years to his Kerouacian wandering as a young adult. The book became a best-seller and was acclaimed for its wit dark humor and irreverent tackling of tragic events including the death of Sedaris’ mother.
 Stitches: A Memoir is a graphic memoir written and illustrated by David Small. It tells the story of Small's journey from sickly child to cancer patient to the troubled teen who made a risky decision to run away from home at sixteen—with nothing more than the dream of becoming an artist. It is a story about voicelessness—both physical and psychical—told artfully in pictures that made Jules Feiffer say It left me speechless.
 Kud Wafter (クドわふたー Kudo Wafutā) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Key released on June 25 2010 for Windows PCs. Kud Wafter is Key's eighth game along with other titles such as Kanon Air and Clannad. Key released a version of Kud Wafter without the erotic content and the game was ported to the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita.
 The Heart of the Matter (1948) is a novel by English author Graham Greene. The book details a life-changing moral crisis for Henry Scobie. Greene a British intelligence officer in Freetown Sierra Leone drew on his experience there. Although Freetown is not mentioned in the novel Greene confirms the location in his memoir Ways of Escape.The Heart of the Matter was enormously popular selling over 300000 copies in the United Kingdom upon its release.
 The Sublime Object of Ideology is a 1989 book by the Slovenian philosopher and cultural theorist Slavoj Žižek. The book which Žižek believes to be one of his best essentially makes thematic the Kantian notion of the sublime in order to liken ideology to an experience of something that is absolutely vast and forceful beyond all perception and objective intelligibility.
 The Whole Truth is a 2008 book by David Baldacci.
 Film is a monthly Polish magazine devoted to cinema. It has been in publication since 1946 originally as a bimonthly publication. The founders were Jerzy Giżycki Zbigniew Pitera Tadeusz Kowalski and Leon Bukowiecki.Since September 2012 the editor-in-chief has been Tomasz Raczek.
 Icarus is a premier scientific journal dedicated to the field of planetary science. Its longtime owner and publisher was Academic Press which was then purchased by Elsevier. It is published under the auspices of the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences (DPS).
 24 Hours is a bestselling novel written by American author Greg Iles. It was published in 2000 by Putnam (New York). The 2002 film Trapped is based on this book.
 The Abolition of Britain is the first book by conservative journalist Peter Hitchens. Originally published in 1999 it charts and examines a period of perceived moral and cultural reform between the 1960s and the New Labour general election win in 1997. Hitchens asserts that the reforms facilitated vast and radical constitutional change under Tony Blair's new government that amounted to a slow motion coup d'état.
 Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper later renamed Leslie's Weekly was an American illustrated literary and news magazine founded in 1852 and published until 1922.
 Unveiling a Parallel: A Romance is a feminist science fiction and utopian novel published in 1893. The first edition of the book attributed authorship to Two Women of the West. They were Alice Ilgenfritz Jones and Ella Merchant writers who lived in Cedar Rapids Iowa.
 Cross Over is a Japanese manga written an illustrated by Kouji Seo. The series primarily follows the St. Mariannu boy's basketball team led by the freshman Ogata Natsuki to defeat the prefecture's best team Fujiwara Academy. This story takes place in the same universe as other Kouji Seo's works do: Suzuka and Kimi no iru machi (A Town Where You Live).Cross Over was serialized in the Japanese magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine published by Kodansha from 2002 to 2003.
 Christian Music Planet was a magazine that was owned and operated by Educational Media Foundation from 2002 until 2007 when it was sold to Salem Communications Corp.
 The Barn Burner is a novel written by Patricia Willis. Its publishing date is for the hardcover edition April 17 2000. The Paperback edition was published on May 1 2002.
 Documentary News Letter was a magazine about documentary film founded by filmmaker John Grierson. The publication was developed as the wartime successor to World Film News which ceased publication in 1938 and sought to promote a documentary approach to everyday living. It published its first edition in January 1940 with an editorial board that consisted of Grierson Paul Rotha Basil Wright Arthur Elton and Thomas Baird.
 The Hürriyet Daily News formerly Hürriyet Daily News and Economic Review and Turkish Daily News is the oldest current English-language daily in Turkey founded in 1961. The paper was bought by the Doğan Media Group in 2001 and has been under the media group's flagship Hürriyet since 2006.
 Crime Classification Manual: A Standard System for Investigating and Classifying Violent Crimes (1992) is a text on the classification of violent crimes by John E. Douglas Ann W. Burgess Allen G. Burgess and Robert K. Ressler. The publication is a result of a project by the Federal Bureau of Investigation's National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime.A second edition of the book was published in 2006 and added 155 pages of new information and research.
 O Heraldo is a daily newspaper in the Indian state of Goa.
 Psychological Services is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of APA Division 18. The current editor-in-chief is Patrick DeLeon. The journal was established in 2004 and covers the broad range of psychological services delivered in organized care settings. These settings include but are not limited to: jails courts Indian Health Service the military Department of Veterans Affairs university clinics training hospitals↑
 Fortune's Favourites is the third historical novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series. In the United States of America it has been published as Fortune's Favorites.
 The Sundial is a 1958 novel by author Shirley Jackson.
 The 8th Confession is the eighth book in the Women's Murder Club series featuring Lindsay Boxer by James Patterson. This novel was released on April 27 2009.
 Yachting World is a monthly English language magazine published since 1894. Owned by IPC Media it features articles on sailing and yachting. In February 2014 the magazine announced that Elaine Bunting would be taking over from David Glenn as editor when he retires in April.
 Aki Sora (あきそら lit. Autumn Sky) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masahiro Itosugi. It was first published in September 2008 by Akita Shoten. It started serialisation in the ninth volume and was concluded in volume 25 of Akita Shoten's shōnen manga magazine Champion Red. An OVA adaptation by Hoods Entertainment was released with the third volume of the manga on December 17 2009.
 The Crossing (ISBN 0-394-57475-3) is a novel by prize-winning American author Cormac McCarthy published in 1994 by Alfred A. Knopf. The story is the second installment of McCarthy's Border Trilogy.
 Library Lion is a children's book written by Michelle Knudsen illustrated by Kevin Hawkes and published in 2006 by Candlewick Press.It is suitable for children ages 4–7.
 The Downing Street Years is a memoir by former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Margaret Thatcher covering her premiership (1979–1990). It was accompanied by a four-part BBC television series of the same name.
 The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night (1885) subtitled A Plain and Literal Translation of the Arabian Nights Entertainments is a celebrated English language translation of One Thousand and One Nights (the “Arabian Nights”) – a collection of Middle Eastern and South Asian stories and folk tales compiled in Arabic during the Islamic Golden Age (8th −13th centuries) – by the British explorer and Arabist Richard Francis Burton (1821–1890).
 The Secret of Pirates' Hill is Volume 36 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by John Almquist in 1956. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Blart III: The Boy Who Set Sail on a Questionable Quest is a 2008 children's novel by Dominic Barker. It is the sequel to Blart: The Boy Who Didn't Want to Save the World and Blart II: The Boy Who Was Wanted Dead or Alive - Or Both.It was described as ridiculously enjoyable by Bookseller magazine and as hilarious by Julia Eccleshare on Love Reading 4 Kids.
 The Christopher Killer is a novel by Alane Ferguson set in the small town of Silverton Colorado. The book centers around Cameryn who is the assistant to her coroner father. It was released on May 4 2006 in the United States. The book was an Edgar Award Nominee in 2007. It is held in over one thousand WorldCat libraries
 Arguing with Idiots is a book written by conservative syndicated radio talk show host Glenn Beck in collaboration with his company Mercury Radio Arts.The book is formatted as a series of responses by Beck dressed up in a variation of an outfit worn by the United States' Founding Fathers to statements made by the Idiot played by Beck apparently dressed in a parody of a military uniform consisting of a modified Bundeswehr tunic and Soviet visor cap with an example picture on the front cover. 
 Automotive Industries (AI) is one of the world's oldest continually published trade publication and the oldest specialising in the automaking business. It was founded in November 1895 as The Horseless Age the first magazine created to cover the world’s transition from horse-drawn conveyances to those powered by the new internal combustion engine.
 Reunion is a comic based on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel.
 Men's Vogue was a monthly men's magazine that covered fashion design art culture sports and technology. On October 30 2008 Condé Nast announced that they intended to fold the magazine into Vogue proper as a bi-annual subscriber's supplement. However the magazine has ceased to be published since its original folding date.
 The Seven Hills is the 2005 alternate history novel by John Maddox Roberts a sequel to his 2002 novel Hannibal's Children.
 The Good News is a free religious magazine published bimonthly by the United Church of God (UCG). Subscriptions and printing costs are covered by tithed donations from UCG's members and employees. Subject matter includes Christian living Bible prophecy warnings to the English-speaking world social issues defense of creationism against evolution world news and prophecy as interpreted by UCG's fundamental beliefs.
 Sin and Sorrow Are Common to All (Grekh da beda na kovo ne zhiviot Грех да беда на кого не живёт) is a drama in four acts by Alexander Ostrovsky written in 1852 and published by No. 1 1863 issue of Vremya magazine edited by the Dostoyevsky brothers. It was premiered in Maly Theatre Moscow on January 21 1863 as a benefit for actor A. F. Bogdanov. Later that year Ostrovsky was awarded the Uvarov Prize for it.
 Chinese Annals of Mathematics Series B is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal focusing on pure and applied mathematics published by Springer.The journal was founded in 1983 when it was split from Chinese Annals of Mathematics. It is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.The journal's 2009 MCQ was 0.39 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.356.
 Birthrights is a 2003 play by David Williamson published by Currency Press.
 Employment is a classic science fiction story pioneering the concept of de-extinction by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Science-Fiction for May 1939. The story appeared under the pseudonym Lyman R.
 Anaesthesia is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in anaesthesiology. It is the official journal of the Association of Anaesthetists of Great Britain and Ireland. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal 2012 impact factor is 3.486 ranking it fourth out of 29 journals in the category Anesthesiology.
 Catalysts and Catalysed Reactions is a current awareness journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It is a monthly publication with an online version. Each issue of the journal includes a selected collection of abstracts from recently published scientific articles covering the research areas of catalysed reactions and catalysts.
 The Storm (Russian: Гроза sometimes translated as The Thunderstorm) is a drama in five acts by the 19th-century Russian playwright Aleksandr Ostrovsky. As with Ostrovsky's other plays The Storm is a work of social criticism which is directed particularly towards the Russian merchant class.
 The Bull from the Sea is the sequel to Mary Renault's The King Must Die. It continues the story of the mythological hero Theseus after his return from Crete.
 The Ice House (1992) is the first crime novel by English writer Minette Walters. The story was the recipient of a John Creasey award for best debut.
 Akershus Amtstidende Amta is a local newspaper published in Drøbak Norway. It covers the western Follo district with its stronghold in Frogn and Nesodden.It was established in 1874 under the name Follo Tidende and got its current name in 1884.Hundred years later it had a circulation of 5655 and had the same editor-in-chief as Akershus Arbeiderblad and Romerikes Blad. It currently has a circulation of 8574 of whom 8478 are subscribers.
 Megumi-Toons is the popular English title for an autobiographical manga series written by voice actress Megumi Hayashibara. The art for the series was done by Asagi Sakura.Megumi-Toons was originally serialized in Anime V magazine and has been published in a collection under the Japanese title Ashita ga aru sa. It was later reprinted in a small form but with additional comics by Kadokawa under their Teens Ruby imprint.
 Birdless Summer is an autobiography by Han Suyin. It covers the years 1938 to 1948 her work as a midwife in Chengtu and then going to London with her husband who was a military attaché there. Also her training as a doctor the start of the last phase of the Chinese Civil War in which her husband died fighting for the Kuomintang. She gives a vivid picture of the final years of Kuomintang rule in mainland China and of reactions to the Japanese invasion.
 Princess in Training is the sixth volume of the Princess Diaries series by Meg Cabot. It was first published in 2005. In the United Kingdom it was released under the title Sixational.
 Deadline is a 1944 science fiction short story by Cleve Cartmill which was published in Astounding Science Fiction. The story described the then-secret atomic bomb in some detail. At that time the bomb was still under development and top secret which prompted a visit by the FBI.In 1943 Cartmill suggested to John W. Campbell the then-editor of Astounding that he could write a story about a futuristic super-bomb.
 The Return is a collection of short stories by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño published in English in 2010 translated by Chris Andrews. This volume contains all the stories from Bolaño's two Spanish language collections Llamadas Telefonicas (1997) and Putas Asesinas (2001) which have not been previously included in the 2006 collection Last Evenings on Earth.
 The Three Clever Kings is a children’s fairytale from the anthology The Necklace of Princess Fiorimonde that was written by Mary De Morgan. The story was illustrated by Walter Crane first published by MacMillan & CO. in 1886 and later published in a collection called The Necklace of Princess Fiorimonde – The Complete Fairy Stories of Mary De Morgan by Victor Gollancz Limited in 1963.
 Getting it Wrong from the Beginning: Our Progressivist Inheritance from Herbert Spencer John Dewey and Jean Piaget is a 2002 book by Kieran Egan criticizing the traditional progressivist foundations of modern education in the Western World. Egan primarily focuses on the work of Herbert Spencer John Dewey and Jean Piaget as the most influential sources of contemporary educational philosophy.
 The Brown Journal of World Affairs is an American magazine of foreign policy and international relations published biannually at Brown University. It was founded in 1993 as the Brown Journal of Foreign Affairs by Daniel Cruise Alex Scribner and Michael Soussan. The magazine features essays written by world leaders policy makers and prominent academics.
 Rewrite (リライト Riraito) is a Japanese visual novel developed by Key a brand of Visual Art's. It was released on June 24 2011 for Windows PCs and is rated for all ages. Rewrite is Key's ninth game along with other titles such as Kanon Air and Clannad. Key released a fan disc expanding on the game's story titled Rewrite Harvest festa! on July 27 2012 for Windows. Rewrite was ported to the PlayStation Portable and will also be ported to the PlayStation Vita.
 This article is about the book. For the unit of information see kilobyte. For the Marvel Comics supervillain see Killobyte (comics).Killobyte is a 1993 novel by Piers Anthony. This book explores a virtual reality world in the context of the Internet and although originally intended as an action-adventure story it is more of a character study[citation needed]. It is a cult favourite because of its forays into virtual reality as well as its technical inaccuracies[citation needed].
 Breaking Strain also known as Thirty Seconds Thirty Days is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1949. It was adapted into a movie in 1994 under the title Trapped in Space.
 Wildsiderz is a comic book series created by J. Scott Campbell and Andy Hartnell and published by Wildstorm Productions. It is the second series created by Campbell and Hartnell after their successful Danger Girl. It features a group of teenagers who through newly developed holographic technology can take on the powers of animals to fight a mad scientist.It was originally planned as a five-issue limited series (six if issue #0 is included) but it ceased publication after issue #2.
 A Mão e a Luva (The Hand and the Glove) is a romance novel written by Machado de Assis and published in 1874. The book is a psychological analysis of society and of false naivety
 Global South Development Magazine (briefly known as GSDM) is a development magazine that covers development issues of developing countries. The magazine is published by a Finnish non-profit development media organisation called Silver Lining Creation ry.
 Muslim Mafia: Inside the Secret Underworld That's Conspiring to Islamize America is a 2009 book by U.S. State Department-trained Arabic linguist and former U.S. Air Force Office of Special Investigations special agent Paul David Gaubatz and investigative journalist and Hoover Institute fellow Paul Sperry.
 Spice and Wolf (狼と香辛料 Ōkami to Kōshinryō lit. Wolf and Spice) is a Japanese light novel series written by Isuna Hasekura with illustrations by Jū Ayakura. ASCII Media Works published 17 novels between February 2006 and July 2011 under their Dengeki Bunko imprint. ASCII Media Works reported that as of October 2008 over 2.2 million copies of the first nine novels have been sold in Japan.
 The Dungeons & Dragons Adventure Game is the name of two accessories for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game designed to be simpler versions of the main game. The first version was published in 1999 for the second edition of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons while the second version was published the following year in 2000 for the third edition of Dungeons & Dragons.
 Colorado Springs Notes 1899–1900 (ISBN 8617073527) (Published by Nolit: Beograd Yugoslavia 1978) is a book compiled and edited by Aleksandar Marinčić and Vojin Popović detailing the work of Nikola Tesla in Colorado Springs at the turn of the 20th century.
 Expert Review of Gastroenterology & Hepatology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of gastroenterology and hepatology. It was established in 2007 and is published by Informa.
 Invasion of the Prostate Snatchers is a book written by Dr. Mark Scholz and Ralph Blum. Invasion of the Prostate Snatchers is distributed and sold online and in book stores through Random House Publisher Services via Other Press Publishing.
 Resident Evil: Underworld is a novel written by S. D. Perry in 1999. Underworld is the fourth Resident Evil book written by S. D. Perry the fifth in chronological order and the second which is not based directly on one of the games.
 What the Butler Saw is a farce written by the English playwright Joe Orton. It was premièred at the Queen's Theatre in London on 5 March 1969. It was Orton's final play and the second to be performed after his death following Funeral Games the year before.
 King of the Jews is a book by Nick Tosches.
 European Judaism is a biannual academic journal published by Berghahn Books in association with the Leo Baeck College and the Michael Goulston Education Foundation. It was established in 1968 and covers Judaism studies concerning Judaism in Europe. The editor-in-chief is Jonathan Magonet.
 Four-Star Spectacular was an anthology comic book series published by DC Comics in the mid-1970s. The series was edited by E. Nelson Bridwell and ran for six issues from March/April 1976 to January/February 1977. The books were in the giant size format and consisted mostly of superhero reprints with some new material. A total of four characters from DC's roster of superheroes appeared in each issue — hence the title.
 Boys' Love Manga: Essays on the Sexual Ambiguity and Cross-Cultural Fandom of the Genre is a 2010 anthology about Boys Love (BL) and the Boys Love fandom edited by Antonia Levi Mark McHarry and Dru Pagliassotti.
 No Truce With Kings is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Fiction 1964 and the Prometheus Award for Classic Fiction (the Hall of Fame award) in 2010. The title is taken from Rudyard Kipling's poem The Old Issue (1899) in which kings represent tyranny or other forms of imposed rule to be fought to preserve hard-won individual freedoms.
 Park’s Quest is a 1988 children's novel written by American novelist Katherine Paterson.
 More Starlight to Your Heart (もっと☆心に星の輝きを Motto Kokoro ni Hoshi no Kagayaki wo) is a shōjo manga by Hiro Matsuba. It takes place in Heian period in Japan and follows the adventures of Akane the daughter of a high-ranked official who enters the imperial court as a servant in order to be closer to her beloved Aogi.The manga consists of eight volumes and was published in Japan by Mag Garden. ADV Manga published two volumes in the United States in English between 2004 and 2005.
 The Public Record is a free weekly tabloid newspaper published in Philadelphia Pennsylvania since 1999. The editorial matter is local and state politics labor unions schools and community organization news. The advertising matter is by labor unions businesses candidates for public office elected officials and official city notices such as legal notices by the courts election notices and Philadelphia Sheriff's sales.
 This is a list of newspapers in Oman.Al-Isbou'a - Weekly Newspaper First and only Arabic Publication in Oman to be audited by an International audit Agency - BPA WorldwideAl-ShabibaAlwatanAzzamanARro'yahTheWeek published Wednesdays EnglishTimes of Oman EnglishOman Tribune EnglishMuscat Daily EnglishOman Daily ArabicOman Daily Observer EnglishHi-weekly every Friday English published by Times of Oman
 The Berlin Daily Sun is a four-day (Tuesday through Friday) free daily newspaper published in the city of Berlin New Hampshire U.S. covering Berlin Gorham and the North Country.The paper is distributed in Berlin Gorham Errol Milan and Shelburne New Hampshire all in Coos County.It is printed on tabloid paper and published by Country News Club and was founded in the early 1990s by Dave Danforth Mark Guerringue and Adam Hirshan following the success of the similar but larger The Conway Daily Sun. 
 Reproduction Fertility and Development is an academic journal concerned with reproductive medicine. NLM ID: 8907465
 Challenger is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Diane Carey.In Voyages of Imagination Diane Carey remarked on leaving ending open for a new series: The new 'sheriff' in these parts was Nick Keller a first officer plagued with an unstable captain who was forced to take over a ship and dispossess his captain in order to save his ship and mission. The idea was for Kirk to leave Keller in the wilderness to be the Starfleet law enforcement force in the unstable Belle Terre system.
 A Tomb for Boris Davidovich (Serbo-Croatian: Grobnica za Borisa Davidoviča / Гробница за Бориса Давидовича) is a collection of seven short stories by Danilo Kiš written in 1976 (translated into English by Duska Mikic-Mitchell in 1978). The stories are based on historical events and deal with themes of political deception betrayal and murder in Eastern Europe during the first half of the 20th century (except for Dogs and Books which takes place in 14th century France).
 The Oxford Handbook of Clinical Medicine is a pocket textbook aimed at medical students and junior doctors and covers all aspects of clinical medicine. It is published by Oxford University Press and is available in print format and online. The 9th edition is due to be released in January 2014.
 Three Hundred Years Hence is a utopian science fiction novel by author Mary Griffith. It is the first known utopian novel written by an American woman and was published by Prime Press in 1950 in an edition of 300 copies. The novel was originally published in 1836 as part of Griffith's collection Camperdown or News from Our Neighborhood.
 Dispatches was a quarterly magazine founded in 2008 by photographer Gary Knight journalist and author Mort Rosenblum and pharmaceutical executive Dr. Simba Gill. It ceased publication after five issues.With its signature plain brown paper cover its small book-size format and at almost 200 pages in length dispatches does not resemble a typical news magazine. Nor does this magazines' emphasis on printed word (as opposed to online content) reflect the general trends in the media industry.
 Custom Nation is a nonfiction book written by Anthony Flynn and Emily Flynn Vencat. It was published on November 15 2012 by BenBella Books. The text examines customization in today's market and in American culture. The book’s full title is Custom Nation: Why Customization Is the Future of Business and How to Profit from it.
 The Caverns of Kalte was the third book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 Past & Present is a British historical academic journal which was a leading force in the development of social history. It was founded in 1952 by a combination of Marxist and non-Marxist historians. The Marxist historians included members of the Communist Party Historians Group including E. P.
 The Old Swimmin' Hole was a poem written by James Whitcomb Riley under the pen name Benjamin F. Johnson of Boone County. The poem was first published in 1883 as part of a book entitled The Old Swimmin' Hole and 'Leven More Poems. The poem is one of Riley's most famous and is written in eye dialect. It tells of events in Riley's youth as he reminisces about the Brandywine Creek where he played with his friends during his boyhood.
 A Cage of Butterflies is a 1992 young adult novel by Australian author Brian Caswell.
 Childhood (Russian: Детство Detstvo) is the first published novel by Leo Tolstoy released under the initials L. N. in the November 1852 issue of the popular Russian literary journal The Contemporary.It is the first in a series of three novels and is followed by Boyhood and Youth.
 Summerland is a 2002 fantasy young adult novel by American writer Michael Chabon. It is about young children who save the world from destruction by playing baseball the central theme and symbol throughout the novel. Summerland weaves elements of a World Series parallel-universe road trip and a hero's odyssey. The book received mixed reviews; The New York Times called it bewilderingly busy and likened it to the novelization of an animated action film.
 The Misfits: A Study of Sexual Outsiders is a non-fiction book by Colin Henry Wilson first published in 1988.
 Agent Arthur's Desert Challenge is book 19 in the Usborne Puzzle Adventure series of children's books.
 Koimoku (Japanese: こいもく Spelled as Cimoc in the English subtitle) is a manga series written by Dall-Young Lim and illustrated by Hae-Won Lee. The series revolves around Kouta Inamine a young manga artist whose streak of failures takes a drastic turn when he is hired by a famous B-rated editor. Koimoku began serialization in the March 2011 issue of Kill Time Communication's seinen manga magazine Comic Valkyrie published on January 27 2011 and ended in the November 2012 issue.
 The Books of Faerie was a series of three mini-series spun off from Vertigo Comics' series The Books of Magic written by Bronwyn Carlton (two series) and John Ney Rieber (one series). It featured characters used predominantly in the parent series - Titania Auberon and Molly O'Reilly - to tell stories set in the realm of Faerie prior to the start of The Books of Magic and later in the present era.
 Headlong is a 1999 science fiction novel by English author Simon Ings. It is Ings' fourth novel and depicts the struggle of a man trying to find his humanity his previously enhanced senses are removed. A review of the novel in New Scientist praised it as mature and thoughtful.
 The Land of Green Plums (German: Herztier) is a novel by Herta Müller published in 1994 by Rowohlt Verlag. Perhaps Müller's best-known work the story portrays four young people living in a totalitarian police state under the Soviet-imposed communist dictatorship in Romania ending with their emigration to Germany. The narrator is an unidentified young woman belonging to the German minority.
 Franchise is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in the August 1955 issue of the magazine If: Worlds of Science Fiction and was reprinted in the collections Earth Is Room Enough (1957) and Robot Dreams (1986). It is one of a loosely connected series of stories concerning a fictional computer called Multivac. It is the first story in which Asimov dealt with computers as computers and not as immobile robots.
 The Point is a daily newspaper published in Bakau the Gambia.
 Dreaming in Cuban is the first novel written by author Cristina García and was a finalist for the National Book Award. This novel moves between Cuba and the United States featuring three generations of a single family. The novel focuses particularly on the women—Celia del Pino her daughters Lourdes and Felicia and her granddaughter Pilar. While most of the novel is written in the third person some sections are written in the first person and letters are also included.
 Gakuen Heaven (学園ヘヴン Gakuen Hevun lit: Academy Heaven) is a media franchise originating from the PC game Gakuen Heaven: Boy's Love Scramble originally released by the company SPRAY. The franchise gradually expanded to include more games drama CDs manga and anime.
 The Gaslight series is a set of three anthologies of short fiction combining the character of Sherlock Holmes with elements of fantasy horror adventure and supernatural fiction. It consists of Gaslight Grimoire: Fantastic Tales of Sherlock Holmes (2008) Gaslight Grotesque: Nightmare Tales of Sherlock Holmes (2009) and Gaslight Arcanum: Uncanny Tales of Sherlock Holmes (2011).The first volume was published in October 2008 by EDGE Science Fiction and Fantasy Publishing of Calgary Canada.
 Lost Light is the ninth novel in Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch series. It is the first Bosch novel to be narrated in first person; all prior Bosch novels had utilized an omniscient third-person style.
 White Snow Bright Snow is a 1947 book by Alvin Tresselt and illustrated by Roger Duvoisin. Released by Lothrop Publishers it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1948.
 A Sport of Nature is a 1987 novel by the South African writer Nadine Gordimer.
 Oktyabr (October in English) is a monthly Russian literary magazine based in Moscow. In addition to Novy Mir and Znamya the monthly is a leading and deep-rooted literary magazine in Russia.
 The Bourne Dominion is the ninth novel in the Bourne series and sixth by Eric Van Lustbader. The book was released on June 19 2011 as a sequel to The Bourne Objective.
 The Oskaloosa Herald is a daily newspaper published in Oskaloosa Iowa and covering Mahaska County Iowa. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 Buddenbrooks [ˈbʊd.dɛn.ˌbʁoːks] is a 1901 novel by Thomas Mann chronicling the decline of a wealthy north German merchant family over the course of four generations incidentally portraying the manner of life and mores of the Hanseatic bourgeoisie in the years from 1835 to 1877. Mann drew deeply from the history of his own family the Mann family of Lübeck and their milieu.It was Mann's first novel published in 1901 when he was twenty-six years old.
 Primorske novice (English: Littoral News) is a regional daily newspaper published in Koper Slovenia. It was first issued in 1947 as a biweekly named Nova Gorica. In 1963 it merged with Slovenski Jadran (The Slovene Adriatic) and became a daily in 2004. As of 2009 it is the only regional daily newspaper in Slovenia.
 Cross or Cross Oneself (Japanese: 十字 クロス Hepburn: Juuji Kurosu) is a shōjo manga by Sumiko Amakawa.
 Vector Prime is a science fiction novel by American writer R. A. Salvatore and published in 1999. It is the first installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars universe.
 The Journal of Differential Geometry (ISSN 0022-040X) is a peer-reviewed mathematical journal published by Lehigh University. The journal publishes nine issues (in three volumes) per year and is distributed by International Press. It also publishes an annual supplement in book form called Surveys in Differential Geometry. It publishes research papers on differential geometry and related subjects such as differential equations mathematical physics algebraic geometry and geometric topology.
 The Wanderer's Necklace is a novel by H Rider Haggard.
 CPA Practice Advisor is a technology and practice management resource for accounting and tax professionals. It is offered in online digital and print versions with nine irregular print issues per year (Jan Apr-May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec) geared around the annual workflow cycle of tax and accounting professionals.
 The Selected Works of T.S. Spivet is the debut novel by American author Reif Larsen first published in 2009. The book follows the exploits of a 12-year old mapmaker named T.S.
 Sidetracked (first published as Villospår in 1995) is a crime novel by Swedish author Henning Mankell the fifth in his Kurt Wallander series. Winner Gold Dagger 2001.
 The Apple Dumpling Gang is a 1971 novel by Jack Bickham about a group of orphaned children during the California gold rush. They encounter a gambler who reluctantly helps them as well as a pair of hapless robbers who are after the gold the children have found.In 1975 Disney made a film based on the book.The name of the gang refers to the American dessert.
 The Buffalo News is the primary newspaper of the Buffalo – Niagara Falls metropolitan area. It was for decades the only newspaper fully owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
 The Centauri Device is the third novel by English author M. John Harrison. The novel originally conceived as an anti-space opera would ultimately go on to make a major contribution to revitalising the subgenre and influencing the works of later authors such as Iain M. Banks and Alastair Reynolds.
 Kokurikozaka kara (コクリコ坂から lit. From Up On Poppy Hill) is a Japanese manga series by Tetsurō Sayama and Chizuru Takahashi which was serialized by Kodansha from December 1979 (January issue 1980) to July 1980 (August issue 1980) in the shōjo manga magazine Nakayoshi. The manga was collected in two volumes published under the KC Nakayoshi imprint.
 Go! Go! Ackman (ゴーゴーアックマン) is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama that was published irregularly by V-Jump from 1993 to 1994. It is also featured in Akira Toriyama's Manga Theater Vol. 3. Go! Go! Ackman is a humorous series about a 200-year-old demon child named Ackman who harvests souls for the Dark Devil Lord.
 Number Ten is a 2002 novel by Sue Townsend about the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (Edward Clare) attempting to take an incognito holiday with his bodyguard Jack Sprat - in order to discover what the public truly thinks of him and his time in office - and the consequences that ensue for both men and their country. It is frequently satirical of then-Prime Minister Tony Blair his family and his Cabinet.
 Byculla to Bangkok is the second non-fiction book on organised crime and terror in the modern-day Indian metropolitan city of Mumbai written by S. Hussain Zaidi. It was first published by Harper Collins in February 2014. The book is a sequel to Dongri to Dubai. Hussain completed the story that was left unfinished in his earlier book by including the story of the local lads of the infamous mobster Dawood Ibrahim.
 I'll Be There (published in paperback as Beaches 2: I'll Be There) is a novel written by Iris Rainer Dart. It begins where Beaches left off: Cee Cee Bloom's best friend Roberta has died leaving her young daughter Nina in Cee Cee's loving if uneven care.
 Damsels in Distress is a trilogy of plays written in 2001 by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. The three plays GamePlan FlatSpin and RolePlay were originally performed as a set by the Stephen Joseph Theatre Company (SJT). The plays were written to be performed by the same seven actors using the same set.
 El Pregonero is the official Spanish-language newspaper of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington D.C. published by Carroll Publishing Company. It was first published in 1977 by the Spanish Catholic Center making it the oldest Spanish-language newspaper published in the capital city of the United States. El Pregonero provides a Catholic perspective on the issues and trends affecting the Hispanic immigrant community residing in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area.
 About Chekhov is a book of memoirs by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin devoted entirely to Anton Chekhov his close friend and the major influence. Bunin started working on the book in the late 1940s in France. It remained unfinished was completed by the writer's widow Vera Muromtseva (aided by Leonid Zurov) and came out posthumously in New York 1955. Translated by Thomas Gaiton Marullo the book was published in English in 2007 under the title About Chekhov.
 Citizen of the Galaxy is a science fiction novel by American writer Robert A. Heinlein originally serialized in Astounding Science Fiction (September October November December 1957) and published in hardcover in 1957 as one of the Heinlein juveniles by Scribner's. The story is heavily influenced by Rudyard Kipling's Kim.
 Ambassador Morgenthau's Story (1918) is the title of the published memoirs of Henry Morgenthau Sr. covering the time when he was Woodrow Wilson's American ambassador to Constantinople 1913-1916. The book took over two years to complete. The ghostwriter for Henry Morgenthau was Burton J. Hendrick. However a comparison with official documents filed by Morgenthau in his role as ambassador shows that the book must have been structured and written extensively by Morgenthau himself.
 The Bible Unearthed: Archaeology's New Vision of Ancient Israel and the Origin of Its Sacred Texts is a 2001 book about the archaeology of Israel and its relationship to the origins of the Hebrew Bible. The authors are Israel Finkelstein Professor of Archaeology at Tel Aviv University and Neil Asher Silberman a contributing editor to Archaeology Magazine.
 The Brazilian Journal of Probability and Statistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers related to statistics. It is published triannually by the Brazilian Statistical Association with the support of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. The journal was established in 1987.
 At the Bottom of the River is a collection of short stories by Caribbean novelist Jamaica Kincaid. Published in 1983 it was her first short story collection. The collection consists of ten inter-connected short stories seven of which were previously published in The New Yorker and The Paris Review between 1978 and 1982. Kincaid was awarded the Morton Dauwen Zabel Award of the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters in 1983 for her collection.
 Imagining the Tenth Dimension is a 2006 Canadian non-fiction book originally planned as a concept albumby amateur physicist Rob Bryanton.
 The Magician King is a fantasy novel by Lev Grossman published in 2011 by Viking Press the sequel to The Magicians. It continues the story of Quentin Coldwater interweaving it with the story of his high school crush Julia who learned magic outside of the standard school setting and joined him in Fillory.
 Cavern of The Fear is the first book in the Deltora Shadowlands series written by Emily Rodda. It was published by Scholastic in 2002. The story follows the adventures of Lief Jasmine and Barda.
 The Pro is a prestige format one-shot comic book written by Garth Ennis with pencils and lettering by Amanda Conner and inks by Jimmy Palmiotti. It was originally published by Image Comics in 2002.
 Hood is a novel written by Irish author Emma Donoghue in 1995. The book was the recipient of the 1997 Stonewall Book Award and is heavily influenced by James Joyce's Ulysses.
 old man was a bimonthly magazine published by the Union of Swiss Short Wave Amateurs as the membership journal of the organization. The magazine covered topics related to amateur radio. The magazine was published with articles in three languages: German Italian and French. The magazine drew its subscription base primarily from Switzerland. The journal was published in A5 paper size with a full color cover and black-and-white print on un-coated newsprint inside.
 Military Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research and developments in the field of medicine in military settings. It is the official journal of the Association of Military Surgeons of the United States. It publishes research reports case reports editorials letters to the editor and book reviews.
 Cold War is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1956 and later anthologized in Tales from the White Hart. Like the rest of the collection it is a frame story set in the fictional pub White Hart where Harry Purvis narrates the secondary tale.
 Niva (Russian: Нива) (Grainfield) was the most popular magazine of late-nineteenth-century Russia; it lasted from 1870 to 1918 and defined itself on its masthead as an illustrated weekly journal of literature politics and modern life. Niva was the first of the thin magazines illustrated weeklies that contrasted with the more serious and ideologically focused monthly 'thick journals' intended for the educated reader.
 Night Train (1997) is a novel by author Martin Amis named after the song Night Train which features several times in the novel.
 Specimen Days is a 2005 novel by American writer Michael Cunningham. It contains three stories: one that takes place in the past one in the present and one in the future. Each of the three stories depicts three central semi-consistent character-types: a young boy a man and a woman.
 Altri Libertini is the first book by the Italian writer Pier Vittorio Tondelli. It was published in 1980 by Feltrinelli and features a collection of six stories which are loosely related to one another: Postoristoro Mimi e istrioni Viaggio Senso contrario Altri libertini and Autobahn.
 'The Survivor' is a British horror novel written by James Herbert and published by the New English Library in 1976. It is the third novel by Herbert and the second not part of a wider series.
 The Hedge Fund Journal is a monthly British magazine focusing on the European hedge fund industry.
 Blood and Guts in High School is a novel by Kathy Acker. It was written in the late 1970s and copyrighted in 1978. It traveled a complex and circuitous route to publication in 1984. It remains Acker's most popular and best-selling book. The novel is also considered a metafictional text which is aware of its status as a fictional piece. The novel is interested in exploring politics history theories and writing.
 Personal Demon a fantasy novel published in 2008 is the eighth book in the Women of the Otherworld series written by Canadian author Kelley Armstrong. It is the first novel in the series to have more than one narrator and the first to include a male narrator.
 The Lost Prince is a sequel to the best-selling novel The Little Book by American writer Selden Edwards. It was published by Dutton in August 2012.
 Prodigy is a 2013 dystopian young adult novel by Marie Lu. It is the second book of a trilogy preceded by Legend and followed by Champion.
 Your Face Tomorrow Volume 1: Fever and Spear is a 2002 novel by the Spanish writer Javier Marías. Margaret Jull Costa's English translation was published by New Directions in 2005. Costa won the coveted Valle- Inclán Award for this translation.
 The Manila Bulletin (PSE: MB) (also known as the Bulletin and previously known as the Manila Daily Bulletin from 1906 to September 23 1972 and the Bulletin Today from November 22 1972 to March 10 1986) is the Philippines' largest broadsheet newspaper by circulation followed by the Philippine Daily Inquirer. It bills itself as The Philippines' Leading National Newspaper which is its official slogan.
 Neural Networks is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal and an official journal of the International Neural Network Society European Neural Network Society and Japanese Neural Network Society. It was established in 1988 and is published by Elsevier. The journal covers all aspects of research on artificial neural networks.
 The Accidental Cheerleader is a realistic fiction book written by Mimi McCoy. It was published by Scholastic Inc. on January 1 2007 and is a Candy Apple Book.
 Bioscience Horizons is an online scientific journal which publishes bioscience research. The papers are produced and published by undergraduate students from both Ireland and the United Kingdom. Bioscience Horizons is published by a consortium of UK universities in partnership with Oxford University Press and was established in 2008.
 Power Trip: A Decade of Policy Plots and Spin is a memoir by Damian McBride former special advisor to Gordon Brown between 1999 and 2009.The book was serialised in the Daily Mail prior to publication.
 The Folklore of Discworld is a book written by Terry Pratchett and Jacqueline Simpson as an ancillary to the Discworld series of novels. It details the folklore aspects of the Discworld novels and draws parallels with earth's folklore. It is divided into sections each with an accompanying sketch by Paul Kidby.As the only Discworld book published in 2008 – 25 years after The Colour of Magic – the hardback editions display a sticker stating 25 Years of Discworld.
 Colony is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. This novel is part of the line of Buffy books called Stake your Own Destiny. These books give the reader a large series of choices once a choice is made the page number to turn to is given. The result is that the reader might decide the fate of the characters. With this novel there are more than a dozen possible endings.
 WoodenBoat is an American magazine that has been published since 1974. It is written for owners admirers builders and designers of wooden boats. Its publication marked the start of a trend — a growing interest in traditional boats and boat building techniques and the development thereof. The company's headquarters is located in Brooklin Maine.WoodenBoat celebrates both the old and the new.
 The Authors' Circular was a short-lived monthly publication of 16 pages running from January to April 1898 the Authors' Circular was subtitled the Official Organ of the English School of Journalism. It aimed to foster business relations between those who write and those who publish reflecting the increased professionalization of journalism.
 Blart: The Boy Who Didn't Want To Save The World is a fictional comedy novel by Dominic Barker. It was published in 2006 by Bloomsbury Publishing Plc in Great Britain. It tells the tale of Blart a young boy on a pig farm who refuses to save the world. The book is largely a light-hearted parody of the fantasy genre. However the plot and humour both become darker as the book progresses. It won the 2007 Stockton Children's Book of the Year Award.
 Varieties of Anomalous Experience: Examining the Scientific Evidence is a book edited by Etzel Cardeña Steven Jay Lynn and Stanley Krippner published by the American Psychological Association in 2000 and a second edition in 2013.
 Youth (Russian: Юность [Yunost']; 1856) is the third novel in Leo Tolstoy's autobiographical trilogy following Childhood and Boyhood. It was first published in the popular Russian literary magazine Sovremennik.
 Under the Never Sky is a 2012 young adult debut novel by Veronica Rossi and is the first in a trilogy. The book follows two teens a girl that has always lived within a protected city and a boy who is both a Night Seer and a Scire as they attempt to survive. Film rights to the trilogy have being optioned by Warner Brothers Studios with the novel being sold in more than 25 international markets.
 Schott's Almanac was a best-selling UK reference book published annually in the United Kingdom between 2006 and 2010. The book was compiled by Ben Schott and published by Bloomsbury Publishing Plc.In addition to the UK version the best known (and oldest) two other editions of Schott's Almanac are published in the United States and Germany. Each Almanac has a different content and structure and the German edition is naturally enough in German.
 Yeni Ülke (English: New Land) was a Turkish pro-Kurdish newspaper. It was founded in 1990 as a weekly newspaper and in 1993 merged with Özgür Gündem. In 1992/3 a number of its contributors (included Musa Anter assassinated September 1992) were assassinated.On 24 February 1992 Yeni Ülke journalist Cengiz Altun was assassinated. He had previously received death threats and had written an article on the Counterguerrilla in the 2-8 February issue.
 The City of Love (2007) is a novel by Rimi B. Chatterjee set in 16th century Asia against the background of the spice trade piracy and the rise of various mystical religious cults. It traces the lives of four characters all of whom are in search of spiritual and material fulfilment embodied in the idea of the 'city of love'. The book was shortlisted for the Vodafone Crossword Book Award 2007.
 Feminine Intuition is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov originally published in the October 1969 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and collected in The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories (1976) The Complete Robot (1982) and Robot Visions.
 LA Weekly is a free weekly tabloid-sized alternative weekly in Los Angeles California. It was founded in 1978 by Editor/Publisher Jay Levin and a board of directors that included actor-producer Michael Douglas. It is currently owned by Voice Media Group owner of alternative weeklies Village Voice LA Weekly Denver Westword Phoenix New Times Houston Press Dallas Observer Riverfront Times Miami New Times Minneapolis City Pages Broward New Times and OC Weekly.
 Beneath the Valley of The Rage is a 2007-2008 comic book limited series prequel based on the 2007 independent horror film The Rage.
 Escort is a British men's adult magazine or softcore magazine which falls under the description of pornography or erotica.By 2012 Escort was in its 32nd year or volume. The content is a combination of photographs and text with the photographs almost entirely being those of partially or completely nude females.Escort specialises in pictures of amateur (i.e. non-professional) models some of which are sent to the magazine by readers - these are affectionately known as readers' wives.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1956 is a 1956 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by T. E. Dikty. The stories had originally appeared in 1955 and 1956 in the magazines Startling Stories Astounding Galaxy Science Fiction Imaginative Tales Fantastic Universe Fantasy and Science Fiction and If.
 Trends in Amplification is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Otorhinolaryngology. The journal's editor is Charles J Limb. It has been in publication since 1996 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Hoturs is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Double Indemnity is a highly influential 1943 crime novel written by American journalist-turned-novelist James M. Cain. The book was first published in serial form for Liberty magazine in 1936. Following that Double Indemnity appeared as a one of three long short tales in the collection Three of a Kind. The novel later served as the basis for the classic film of the same name in 1944 adapted for the screen by fellow hardboiled novelist Raymond Chandler and the director Billy Wilder.
 Culture of Corruption: Obama and His Team of Tax Cheats Crooks and Cronies is a book written by conservative author Michelle Malkin. The book claims that the Barack Obama administration has had dozens of instances of corruption. The title is a reference to culture of corruption a political slogan used by Democrats to refer to events that happened during the presidency of George W.
 Blood Blockade Battlefront known in Japan as Kekkai Sensen (血界戦線 lit. Bloodline Battlefront) is a manga by Yasuhiro Nightow published bimonthly in the magazine Jump SQ.19. It is published in the United States by Dark Horse Comics. It centers around the crime fighting organization Libra and their battles in Jerusalem's Lot formerly known as New York City.
 In the Shadow of No Towers is a 2004 work of comics by American cartoonist Art Spiegelman. It is about Spiegelman's reaction to the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001. It was originally serialized as a comic strip in the German newspaper Die Zeit from 2002 until 2004 and was collected as an oversized board book in 2004 with early American comic strips as supplementary material.
 Chuck Klosterman IV: A Decade of Curious People and Dangerous Ideas is a book written by Chuck Klosterman first published by Scribner in 2006. It is the fourth book by Klosterman. The paperback edition was released in July 2007.
 The Amazing Pudding was a Pink Floyd and Roger Waters fan magazine (with frequent discussion of the other band members' solo careers including that of Syd Barrett) established by Ivor Trueman and edited and published variously by him (issues 1–17) Andy Mabbett (issues 2–60) Bruno MacDonald (issues 24–60) and Dave Walker (issues 13–60) for ten years (and 60 issues).Mabbett (three times) and MacDonald each went on to write books on the band and Mabbett wrote the section on Pink Floyd in the official programme for the 1996 induction of the band into the U.S. 
 Mr. Monk on Patrol is the thirteenth novel written by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk. It was published on January 3 2012. Like the other novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger Monk's assistant.
 The Shadow Elves is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Security Dialogue is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes scholarly articles which combine contemporary theoretical analysis with challenges to public policy across a wide-ranging field of security studies. As of 2001 the editor-in-chief is J. Peter Burgess (Peace Research Institute Oslo).
 ELH: English Literary History is an academic journal established in 1934 and devoted to the study of major works in the English language particularly British literature. It covers developments in literature through historical critical and theoretical methods. The current editor-in-chief is Jonathan Kramnick (Johns Hopkins University).
 The Brazosport Facts is the largest daily newspaper for Brazoria County Texas a part of the Greater Houston area. The newspaper is owned by Southern Newspapers Inc. and began in 1913.
 Greasy Lake is a collection of short stories by T. Coraghessan Boyle published in 1985 by Viking Press.
 Mickey the Monkey was a comic strip which featured the eponymous fictional monkey Mickey. The character was the cover star of British comic The Topper from its launch in 1953 until the 1970s. The strip appeared throughout the comic's run until its merger with The Beezer. The final story was in The Beezer Annual 2003. It was originally drawn by Dudley D. Watkins but after his death in 1969 Vic Neill took over as artist.
 Superman: World of New Krypton is a twelve-issue American comic book limited series produced by DC Comics.
 The Journal of Law & Politics (Bluebook abbreviation: J.L. & Pol.) is a quarterly law review that was established in 1983 by students at the University of Virginia School of Law.
 Kierkegaard Studies Monograph Series is a peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy covering Søren Kierkegaard's thought and edited by Heiko Schulz Jon Stewart and Karl Verstrynge. The journal publishes in English French and German. It was established in 1997 and is published by Walter de Gruyter on behalf of the International Kierkegaard Society.
 Biotechniques: the International Journal of Life Science Methods is a peer-reviewed scientific journal distributed in print and online form to researchers in the field of molecular biology and biochemistry. It includes primarily articles and reviews on the application of techniques and is regularly cited in the professional journals. It is listed in the standard directories such as Ulrich's and the standard indexes such as Web of Science.
 My Life with a Criminal is a 1989 novel by Kenyan author John Kiriamiti. It is the sequel to Kiriamiti's first book in the My Life... triology My Life in Crime and is told from the point of view of his girlfriend Milly. A film adaptation of the trilogy is currently being made.
 A Useless Death is a poem by Patti Smith published as a chapbook in 1972.
 Small Vices is the 24th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker. The story follows Boston-based PI Spenser as he tries to solve the murder of a college student.
 The Crystal World is a novel by English author J. G. Ballard published in 1966.
 Le Jour Des Fourmis (English: The Day of the Ants) is a 1992 science fiction novel by French writer Bernard Werber. Le Jour Des Fourmis is the second part of a trilogy preceded by Les Fourmis (The Ants 1991) and followed by La Révolution des fourmis (The Revolution of the Ants 1996).
 A Small Boy and Others is a book of autobiography by Henry James published in 1913. The book covers James' earliest years and discusses his intellectually active family his intermittent schooling and his first trips to Europe.
 The Great Theatre of Dutch Painters or De groote schouburgh der Nederlantsche konstschilders en schilderessen as it was originally known in Dutch is a series of artist biographies with engraved portraits written by the 18th-century painter Arnold Houbraken. It was published in three volumes as a sequel to Karel van Mander's own list of biographies known as the Schilder-boeck. The first volume appeared in 1718 and was followed by the second volume in 1719 the year Houbraken died.
 Black Ice is a memoir by American author Lorene Cary. First published in 1991 it relates the African American author's experiences at the elite St. Paul's boarding school in New Hampshire. The book Cary's first publication and the stepping stone to her career as a writer was a critical and commercial success.
 Yuyushiki (ゆゆ式 lit. The YuYu Style) is a Japanese 4-panel manga series written and illustrated by Komata Mikami which began serialization in Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara magazine from April 2008. A television anime adaptation by Kinema Citrus aired in Japan between April and June 2013. The story follows a group of three girls who join their high school's Data Processing Club.
 Canal de la Reina is a 1985 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Liwayway A. Arceo. The novel exposes the social cancer in the high levels of contemporary Philippine society. The social cancer based on the novel is masked by the flamboyance and the pomposity of the affluent members of Filipino society.
 Nyaungyan Mintaya Ayedawbon (Burmese: ညောင်ရမ်း မင်းတရား အရေးတော်ပုံ) is an 18th-century Burmese chronicle of King Nyaungyan (r. 1599–1606) of Toungoo Dynasty.The chronicle was written by an early Konbaung period writer believed to be either Maha Atula Dammikayaza or Letwe Nawrahta.
 Nothing Human Left is a 2011 novel by the Irish writer Simon Ashe-Browne. It won the Dundee International Book Prize the largest monetary British Prize for first novels in 2011 and was published by Cargo Publishing. It is a psychological thriller set in a Dublin public school.
 The Afghan Campaign is a historical novel by the American writer Steven Pressfield. It was first published in 2006 by the Broadway division of Random House. It is the story of Alexander the Great's invasion of the Afghan kingdoms (the Afghanistan of today) in 330 BC through the eyes of Matthias (Μαντίθεος in Greek) a young soldier from Macedonia who narrates theadventures of the Macedonian army against the Eastern warriors.
 A World Apart: The Journal of a Gulag Survivor (Polish: Inny świat: zapiski sowieckie) is a memoir written by Gustaw Herling-Grudziński combining various literary genres: novel essay psychological portrait as well as sociological and political dissertation. It was first published in 1951 in London in the English translation by Andrzej Ciołkosz. In the Polish language the book was first published in London in 1953 then in Poland by the underground press in 1980 and officially in 1988.
 They Came to Baghdad is an adventure novel by Agatha Christie first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club on 5 March 1951 and in the United States by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year.
 Ring Around the Sun is also a SF novel by Clifford D. Simak.Ring Around the Sun is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the March 1940 issue of Future Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. Ring Around the Sun was the fifth story Asimov wrote and also the fifth to be published.Ring Around the Sun was written in the latter half of August 1938 and submitted in person to John W.
 Our Dumb World is a parody of the standard desk atlas created by the staff of The Onion and published by Little Brown and Company on October 30 2007. It is The Onion's first book of entirely original content since 1999's Our Dumb Century.The book written in the satirical paper's editorial voice contains entries for nearly every country on Earth including detailed maps feature articles and humorous stereotyped descriptions of regional history and customs.
 Parallel Processing Letters is a journal published by World Scientific since 1991. It covers the field of parallel processing including topics such as design and analysis of parallel and distributed algorithms parallel programming languages and parallel architectures and VLSI circuits.
 The Rocket is a short story (initially published under the name Outcast of the Stars) by author Ray Bradbury.
 Invisible Life is a novel by American author E. Lynn Harris published in 1994. The plot follows an African American man's journey of sexual discovery in which he realizes he is a homosexual. In 2010 the Los Angeles Times listed the novel as one of the top 20 classic works of gay literature ever written.
 Multipliers: How the Best Leaders Make Everyone Smarter is a business book by Liz Wiseman and Greg McKeown. It was published on June 15 2010 through Harper Collins and looks into different forms of leadership and how they can either help or hinder the people they are managing.
 RECOIL is a magazine dedicated to handguns tactical rifles tactical knives and other shooting-related activities in the United States. It claims to cater to the Firearms Lifestyle.The magazine primarily offers reviews on guns ammunition knives and shooting gear; as well as gunsmithing tips historical articles gun collecting self-defense and automobiles.
 Dairy Queen is a 2006 novel written by Catherine Gilbert Murdock. It received recognition as a 2007 Best Book for Young Adults from the American Library Association.The sequel is called The Off Season. And the next book is Front and Center.
 Pocket Monsters RéBURST (ポケットモンスターリバースト Poketto Monsutā RiBĀSUTO) is a Japanese Shōnen manga series created by Jin Kusude and collaboration with Mitsuhisa Tamura based on the Pocket Monsters franchise by Nintendo and Game Freak. The manga was first serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday magazine on March 9 2011 and ended in October 10 2012 compiled into eight volumes.
 Mundo Universitário is a Portuguese free newspaper distributed at major universities in mainland Portugal. It was launched by the same founders of Destak in May 2004.
 The American Democrat: Or Hints on the Social and Civic Relations of the United States of America a political essay written by American republican author James Fenimore Cooper was published initially in New York State in 1838.
 The Small Wars Journal (SWJ) is an online magazine focusing on intra-state conflict. Aside from its online magazine SWJ hosts an accompanying blog and the Small Wars Council discussion board. Other site features include an online reference library recommended reading and event listings.
 The House of Arden is a novel for children written in 1908 by English author Edith Nesbit.
 9-9-9: An Army of Davids was written by Herman Cain and Rich Lowrie. The text released on May 1 2012 details the 9-9-9 Plan and traces its history along with Cain and other politicians promotion of the tax policy during the United States presidential election 2012. The text also advocates for the gold standard.
 A Dead Man in Deptford (1993) was written late in Anthony Burgess's life and is the last of his novels to be published during his lifetime.It depicts the life and character of Christopher Marlowe one of the greatest playwrights of the Elizabethan era.
 Valiant was the title of a British boys adventure comics anthology which ran from 1962 to 1976. It was published by IPC Magazines and was one of their major adventure titles throughout the 1960s and early 1970s.
 Sportski žurnal (Serbian Cyrillic: Спортски журнал) is a Belgrade-based sports daily. About half of the pages are devoted to football whereas the rest deals with athletics auto racing basketball boxing cycling judo karate handball tennis shooting skiing swimming volleyballwaterpolo wrestling and other olympic and non-olympic sports.
 The Red Box is the fourth Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout. Prior to its first publication in 1937 by Farrar & Rinehart Inc. the novel was serialized in five issues of The American Magazine (December 1936 – April 1937). Together with The League of Frightened Men it was collected in The Nero Wolfe Omnibus (1944) by the World Publishing Company of Cleveland Ohio.
 Women in Love is a novel by British author D. H. Lawrence published in 1920. It is a sequel to his earlier novel The Rainbow (1915) and follows the continuing loves and lives of the Brangwen sisters Gudrun and Ursula. Gudrun Brangwen an artist pursues a destructive relationship with Gerald Crich an industrialist. Lawrence contrasts this pair with the love that develops between Ursula and Rupert Birkin an alienated intellectual who articulates many opinions associated with the author.
 Clover (クローバー Kurōbā) is a manga series written and illustrated by Toriko Chiya. It follows Saya Suzuki an office lady who falls in love with her supervisor Susumu Tsuge. It was first serialized in Shueisha's magazine Bouquet between 1997 and 2000.[citation needed] It was transferred to Cookie being published from 2000 to 2004 on it.[citation needed] In 2006 another Shueisha magazine Chorus (now Cocohana) began serializing the manga; it lasted until April 2010.
 Nine and a Half Mystics: The Kabbala Today is a 1969 book on Jewish mysticism by Rabbi Herbert Weiner. The book includes interviews with a number of Jewish mystics and scholars as well as the author's encounters with various Jewish groups practicing who incorporate mysticism in their religious practice.
 The Post is an English-language newspaper in South Africa owned by Independent News & Media and published in Durban South Africa.
 The Journal of Macromarketing is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Business. The journal's editor is Terrence H. Witkowski (California State University). It has been in publication since 1981 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Pitcher-Plants of Borneo is a monograph by Anthea Phillipps and Anthony Lamb on the tropical pitcher plants of Borneo. It was first published in 1996 by Natural History Publications (Borneo) in association with the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew and the Malaysian Nature Society. An updated and much expanded second edition was published in 2008 as Pitcher Plants of Borneo with Ch'ien Lee as co-author.
 Kamisama Kiss (神様はじめました Kamisama Hajimemashita 'Nice to Meet You God') is a Japanese manga series by Julietta Suzuki and serialized by Hakusensha in the shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume. The series is licensed for regional release in North America by Viz Media as part of their Shojo Beat imprint. An anime adaptation has been produced by TMS Entertainment and directed by Akitaro Daichi and began airing in October 2012. It has been streamed by Funimation Entertainment in North America.
 The Darkest Road is the third novel of The Fionavar Tapestry trilogy by Guy Gavriel Kay. The Summer Tree and The Wandering Fire are the first two books.
 Magyar Demokrata (Hungarian Democrat in English) is a weekly magazine published in Hungary.
 Mounting Fears is the seventh novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 2009 by Putnam. The novel takes place in Washington D.C. and other states some years after the events of Capital Crimes. The book continues the story of the Lee family of Delano Georgia. Will Lee is now the President of the United States. It is also the fourth appearance of recurring villain Teddy Faye. The novel is also a New York Times bestseller.
 The Legacy of Luna is a book written by Julia Butterfly Hill about her experiences while protecting a tree named Luna. It is based on a true story written like a diary of two years spent in an ancient redwood.The book was published by HarperCollins Publishers Inc. in 2000.
 Terraplane published in 1988 is a Jack Womack science fiction novel. The Terraplane is a 1930s automobile which plays a significant role in this novel. It is also a time machine from the corporate-dominated future of DryCo a manipulative multinational corporation in New New York 2033 CE.
 The Windup Girl is a biopunk science fiction novel written by Paolo Bacigalupi and published in September 2009. It was named as the ninth best fiction book of 2009 by TIME magazine and as the best science fiction book of the year in the Reference and User Services Association's 2010 Reading List. This book is a 2009 Nebula Award and a 2010 Hugo Award winner (tied with The City & the City by China Miéville for the Hugo Award) both for best novel.
 The Story of Your Home is a non-fiction book for children about domestic architecture and domestic life in Great Britain from cave dwellings to blocks of flats. It was written by Agnes Allen illustrated by the author and her husband Jack and published by Faber in 1949. Agnes Allen won the annual Carnegie Medal recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.The Story of Your Home was one of several sequels to The Story of the Village (Faber 1947) by Agnes Allen alone.
 Der Wehrwolf (a portmanteau and word play combining the words for defence and wolf to Wehrwolf similar to werewolf) is a novel by Hermann Löns first published in 1910.
 The News Portsmouth is the only paid-for newspaper in Portsmouth England which covers a wide area of south Hampshire. It is produced by Johnston Press owners of Portsmouth Publishing & Printing at their headquarters in North Harbour Portsmouth and printed in nearby Hilsea.
 Cibles is a French magazine that publishes articles about Firearms and Militaria. The magazine is sold at newsstands in Belgium France and Switzerland.
 Intensity is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1995.
 A Good Woman is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in October 2008. The book is Steel's seventy-sixth best selling novel.
 The Bell Labs Technical Journal is the in-house scientific journal for scientists of Bell Labs/Alcatel-Lucent. It is published quarterly by John Wiley & Sons. The editor-in-chief is Jane M. DeHaven.
 Annals of Operations Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 The Journal of Biblical Literature (JBL) is one of three theological journals published by the Society of Biblical Literature (SBL).First published in 1881 JBL is the flagship journal of the field. JBL is published quarterly and includes scholarly articles critical notes and book reviews by members of the Society. JBL is available on line as well as in print:JBL has a moving window of Open Access.
 Worthing Farm is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It only appears in his short story collection The Worthing Saga.
 The New Ledger is an American web publication which pairs aggregated and ranked news stories with right of center opinion articles by free-market minded moderates libertarians and conservatives.
 Ten from Tomorrow is a collection of science fiction short stories (see Index to Science Fiction Anthologies and Collections) by E. C. Tubb published in 1966. It includes: The Ming Vase Tell the Truth The Last Day of Summer Fresh Guy Vigil Piebald Horse Sense of Proportion Greater Than Infinity Last of the Morticians Worm in the Woodwork
 Nothing's Sacred is the autobiography of comedian Lewis Black. It was published in 2005 and republished in 2006 (paperback edition). The 2006 publication contains new material and one of the plays he wrote during his career as a playwright. The book has also been released in unabridged audio CD format narrated by Black himself.
 Treasure in the Royal Tower is a young adult novel by Carolyn Keene in the Nancy Drew stories.
 Journal of College Counseling is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association and the American College Counseling Association. The journal was established in 1998. Its current editor-in-chief is Joshua C. Watson. The journal focuses on college counseling research and the practice of counselors working in higher education settings.
 Metroland is an English novel written by Julian Barnes and published in 1980. Philip Larkin wrote a letter to Barnes saying that he had much enjoyed it despite his prejudice against novels with people under the age of 21 in them. He added gloomily something like 'but is that what life's like nowadays?' Barnes described this unexpected praise as the most gratifying moment of the strange passage of first publication.
 The Denial of Death is a 1973 work of psychology and philosophy by Ernest Becker. It was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 1974 two months after the author's death. The book builds on the works of Søren Kierkegaard Sigmund Freud and Otto Rank.
 Hardboiled & Hard Luck (ハードボイルド／ハードラック Alt: Hādoboirudo. English) is a novel written by Japanese author Banana Yoshimoto in 1999 and translated into English in 2005 by Michael Emmerich.
 The West Seattle Herald is now part of a weekly newspaper called The Westside Weekly serving the areas of Ballard West Seattle White Center Burien Des Moines and SeaTac. It is also a website serving the West Seattle neighborhood of Seattle Washington. The newspaper was founded in 1923. On August 21 2013 it was announced that the paper along with the Ballard News-Tribune White Center News and Highline Times would be combined into The Westside Weekly as of September 6.[1]
 The Scots Confession (also called the Scots Confession of 1560) is a Confession of Faith written in 1560 by six leaders of the Protestant Reformation in Scotland. The Confession was the first subordinate standard for the Protestant church in Scotland. Along with the Book of Discipline and the Book of Common Order this is considered to be a formational document for the Church of Scotland during the time.In August 1560 the Parliament of Scotland agreed to reform the religion of the country.
 The Angel of the Odd is a satirical short story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1844.
 What I Know For Sure: My Story of Growing Up in America is a best-selling memoir by African-American journalist Tavis Smiley and co-written with David Ritz. The authors published it through Doubleday on October 10 2006.
 Collision Course is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton. It was his first book and was published for the first time in 1976 with later editions revised. It tells the story of a teenage boy who stole a motorcycle and killed someone with it then he tried to get through his everyday life whilst trying to avoid getting caught. The novel also deals with the issue of adolescence.
 Hohzuki Island (鬼燈の島 Hoozuki no Shima) is a manga written and illustrated by Kei Sanbe. It was serialized in Square Enix bi-monthly seinen magazine Young Gangan commencing in the first issue of 2008 and running for 27 chapters through issue 14 of 2009 the July 3 2009). It is a horror and suspense story set on a nearly deserted island in Japan where six orphaned or abandoned schoolchildren live alone with their four adult teachers in the decrepit ruin of an old school.
 Life of Riley is a 2010 play by Alan Ayckbourn. It is set over a period over the seven months that a man called George Riley is diagnosed with a terminal illness although George Riley does not appear in the play himself and is only ever referred to by the six onstage characters.This play is the only Ayckbourn play to directly reference another Ayckbourn play (Relatively Speaking) within the story.
 The League of the Scarlet Pimpernel is a sequel book to the classic adventure tale The Scarlet Pimpernel. Written by Baroness Orczy and first published in 1919 the book consists of eleven short stories about Sir Percy Blakeney's exploits in rescuing various aristos and French citizens from the clutches of the guillotine.The stories which are listed below are set in 1793 but appear in no particular order. They occasionally refer to events in other books in the series.
 The Friesch Dagblad is a Dutch daily newspaper founded in 1903. It covers the region of Friesland with news reports written from a protestant perspective. The main competitor is the Leeuwarder Courant and like that paper the Friesch Dagblad publishes most of its content in Dutch with only about 5% of content in Frisian.
 Kludge (or Kludge Sound) was an independent American magazine which covered alternative music including rock punk and metal amongst others. This magazine featured the latest news interviews live shows as well as album reviews and includes articles by such writers as Chris Green.
 Viimne linn (English: The Last Citadel) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1962 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 1990.
 American Virgin was an American comic book series published by Vertigo Comics and written by Steven T. Seagle and illustrated by Becky Cloonan. The series launched on a monthly schedule in March 2006 and was canceled two years later. Seagle was able to finish his storyline.The story follows the life of Adam a teenager who is a born-again Christian preacher as well as his struggle with issues of his sexuality and faith.
 The Preußische Allgemeine Zeitung is a German weekly newspaper published by the Landsmannschaft Ostpreußen. It was previously called the Ostpreußenblatt and was aimed mainly at German post-war expellees from parts of Central and Eastern Europe. The Ostpreußenblatt was first published in April 1950.
 The Goettingen Journal of International Law (GoJIL) is a jurisprudential online-journal that was founded by students in 2007.It focuses mainly on international law in general and a wide variety of neighbouring topics like international economic law international penal law and international relations.
 Iron Man and Sub-Mariner is a one-shot comic book published by Marvel Comics in 1968. It is notable for being the first Marvel title to be intentionally published for only one issue as it existed to use up two half-length stories left over after Marvel began its expansion and the characters were to be given their own solo titles.Iron Man and Sub-Mariner does not feature a team-up of the title characters nor a complete story for either.
 A Long Finish is a novel by Michael Dibdin and is the sixth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series.
 The History of Love: A Novel is the second novel by the American writer Nicole Krauss published in 2005. The book was a 2006 finalist for the Orange Prize for Fiction.
 Early Music is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in the study of early music. It was established in 1973 and is published quarterly by Oxford University Press. The editor in chief is Francis Knights.
 The Journal of Corporation Law (J. Corp. L. or JCL) at the University of Iowa College of Law is the nation's oldest student-published periodical specializing in corporate law. It published its first issue in 1975. Its current adviser is Robert T. Miller who joined the College of Law faculty in August 2012. The journal is routinely cited by scholars practitioners and courts including the United States Supreme Court.
 Hotel Vendome is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Delacorte Press in November 2011. The book is Steel's eighty-fifth novel and (including non-fiction and children's books) her 103rd book overall.
 Strange Horizons is also the title of a collection of essays by sf historian Sam MoskowitzStrange Horizons is an online speculative fiction magazine. (This a term that its editors use as a blanket term covering science fiction fantasy slipstream and related genres.) It also features speculative poetry in every issue.It was launched in September 2000 and publishes new material (usually some combination of fiction articles reviews columns poetry and/or art) 51 weeks of the year.
 The Codex Astensis is a Medieval catalog of documents relating to the Asti region. Dating to the 14th century it describes events related to the medieval commune of Asti from 1065 to 1353.
 The Journal of Molluscan Studies is the peer-reviewed scientific journal of the Malacological Society of London covering research in malacology.Previous names of this journal include Proceedings of the Malacological Society Proceedings of the Malacological Society of London (abbreviated as Proc. Malac. Soc. Lond.).
 The Burlingame Daily News was a free daily newspaper in Burlingame California published six days a week with an average daily circulation of 7000. The newspaper was founded August 9 2000 by Dave Price (journalist) and Jim Pavelich who also published the Palo Alto Daily News. Both papers were distributed in large red newspaper racks and in stores coffee shops restaurants schools and major workplaces.
 The Lost Princess of Oz is the eleventh canonical Oz book written by L. Frank Baum. Published on June 5 1917 it begins with the disappearance of Princess Ozma the ruler of Oz and covers Dorothy and the Wizard's efforts to find her.
 Clarissa Oakes (titled The Truelove in the U.S.A.; 1993) is an historical novel set during the Napoleonic Wars written by British author Patrick O'Brian. It is the fifteenth book in the Aubrey-Maturin series concerning the adventures of naval commander Jack Aubrey and his friend ship's surgeon naturalist and spy Stephen Maturin.
 Siegfried is a play written in 1928 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux adapted from his own 1922 novel Siegfried et le Limousin. The novel had launched Giraudoux's literary career and now the play based upon it established his reputation as a playwright. It [Siegfried] marked the beginning of a productive lifelong collaboration with actor-director Louis Jouvet whom Giraudoux credits with transforming his literary plays into theater pieces.
 The Kathmandu Post is a major daily newspaper published in Nepal. Centred in the capital Kathmandu it is one of the largest English-language newspapers in the country. The Kathmandu Post is independently owned and is published by Kantipur Publications the owners of Nepal's largest selling newspaper the Nepali-language Kantipur.
 Leta milosti is a novel by Slovenian author Sebastijan Pregelj. It was first published in 2004.
 Venom is the title of several American comic book series published by Marvel Comics focusing on the incarnations of the alien symbiote Venom and its hosts (particularly its first host Eddie Brock and—since 2011—its current host Flash Thompson). Beginning with Venom: Lethal Protector eighteen limited series following Brock's adventures were published monthly between February 1993 and January 1998.
 Topless in Philadelphia is a one man comedy stage play by Miles Tredinnick. It is set on an open-top sightseeing bus and features tour guide Gus Clover revealing his disastrous personal life whilst pointing out the Philly sights. The play is written in the same vein as the author's earlier Topless which features a female tour guide giving a tour of London. An acting edition of Topless in Philadelphia was published by Matador Books in 2009.
 Evil Genius is a novel written by Catherine Jinks and published in 2005 by Allen & Unwin Australia. The book follows the story of Cadel Piggot a child prodigy.Sequels in the trilogy are Genius Squad and Genius Wars
 Family Album is the name of a Danielle Steel romance novel and of a TV movie based on it.
 Earthman's Burden is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1957. The story Don Jones was original to this collection. The other stories originally appeared in the magazines Other Worlds Universe and Fantasy and Science Fiction.The stories involve a teddy bear-like alien race known as Hokas and spoof a variety of fictional genres.
 Five Ghosts is an ongoing comic book series chronicling the travels of treasure hunter Fabian Gray and his rare ability.First issued in 2013 by publisher Image Comics the comic was created by writer Frank J. Barbiere and artist Chris Mooneyham.
 TANK is a quarterly UK magazine launched in 1998 covering contemporary culture such as art architecture fashion current affairs and music. Completely unknown to most magazine readers but with a following in the worlds of art and fashion the magazine has acquired an idiosyncratic distinct voice through design critical approach to writing and eclectic style although The Daily Telegraph has questioned if the articles are read.
 Thomas the Rhymer is a fantasy novel written by Ellen Kushner. It is based on the ballad of Thomas the Rhymer a piece of folklore in which Thomas Learmonth's love of the Queen of Elfland was rewarded with the gift of prophecy. The novel won the 1991 World Fantasy Award and Mythopoeic Award.
 Shane is a western novel written in 1949 by Jack Schaefer. Initially published in 1946 in three parts in Argosy Magazine. Originally titled 'Rider from Nowhere.' The novel was translated into over 30 languages.
 Gregor and the Marks of Secret is a high fantasy/epic fantasy novel the fourth book in the critically acclaimed Underland Chronicles by Suzanne Collins. It picks up soon after the end of Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods.
 White Dog Fell from the Sky is a 2012 fiction novel by Eleanor Morse. The book was published on January 3 2013 through Viking Adult and is set in 1970s apartheid South Africa.
 The Big Time (1958) is a short science fiction novel by Fritz Leiber. It was awarded the Hugo Award during 1958. The Big Time is a story involving only a few characters but with a vast cosmic back story.
 Flame of Recca (Japanese: 烈火の炎 Hepburn: Rekka no Honō) is a manga series written and illustrated by Nobuyuki Anzai which was adapted into an anime series spanning forty-two episodes by Studio Pierrot. The series has also been adapted into two video games; Flame of Recca for the Game Boy Advance and Flame of Recca Final Burning for the PlayStation 2.The manga was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from 1995 to 2002.
 The Ice Harvest is a debut novel by Scott Phillips. The story set in 1979 was published to wide acclaim in 2000.
 Borstal Boy is a 1958 autobiographical book by Brendan Behan. The story depicts a young fervently idealistic Behan who loses his naïveté over the three years of his sentence to a juvenile borstal softening his radical Republican stance and warming to his fellow British prisoners.
 Gay News was a pioneering fortnightly newspaper in the United Kingdom founded in June 1972 in a collaboration between former members of the Gay Liberation Front and members of the Campaign for Homosexual Equality (CHE). At the newspaper's height circulation was 18000 to 19000 copies.
 The Power that Preserves is the final book of the first trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson. It is followed by The Wounded Land which begins the second trilogy.
 A Universe from Nothing: Why There is Something Rather than Nothing is a book by physicist Lawrence M. Krauss first published in 2012 discussing modern cosmogony and its implications for the debate about the existence of God.
 Dubh (ar thitim Shrebenice 11ú Iúil 1995) also known as Black (on the fall of Srebenicia 11 July 1995) is a poem by Irish poet Nuala Ní Dhomhnaill concerns the Srebrenica Genocide Dubh relates Ní Dhomhnaill's reaction to the July 1995 killing of an estimated 8000 Bosniak men and boys as well as the ethnic cleansing of 25000-30000 refugees in the area of Srebrenica in Bosnia and Herzegovina by units of the Army of Republika Srpska (VRS) under the command of General Ratko Mladić during the Bosnian War. 
 Põlev lipp (English: The Burning Flag / The Burning Banner) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It depicts King Conradin's Italian campaign. It was first published in 1961 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 1990.A translation into the French by Jean Pascal Ollivry entitled L'étendard en flammes was published in Paris in 2005.
 Castle Rackrent a short novel by Maria Edgeworth published in 1800 is often regarded as the first historical novel the first regional novel in English the first Anglo-Irish novel the first Big House novel and the first saga novel.It is also widely regarded as the first novel to use the device of a narrator who is both unreliable and an observer of rather than a player in the actions he chronicles.
 A World of Talent is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick first published in Galaxy Science Fiction magazine October 1954.
 My Friend the Moon (1987) is a children's picture book by Andre Dahan. It is the story of a man who out on a midnight row befriends the moon. The moon then falls into the sea while trying to show off to his new friend. The little man saves the moon and brings him home to recover where the two sing dance read eat and finally sleep through the rest of the night.
 Running on the Cracks is award-winning writer Julia Donaldson's first novel aimed at a teenage audience. It was published in 2009.
 The Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ—Against the Fanatics is a book by Martin Luther published in late September or early October 1526 to aid Germans confused by the spread of new ideas from the Sacramentarians. At issue was whether Christ's true body and blood were present in the Lord's Supper a doctrine that came to be known as the sacramental union.
 Excalibur: A Novel of Arthur is the third and final book in The Warlord Chronicles series by Bernard Cornwell. The trilogy tells the legend of Arthur seen through the eyes of his follower Derfel Cadarn.
 A Letter from the Clearys is a short story written by Connie Willis published in the short story collection Fire Watch. In 1983 it won the Nebula Award for best science fiction published in the two years prior to 1983.
 Spinsters in Jeopardy is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the seventeenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1954. The novel takes place in the countryside of France where Alleyn is vacationing with Agatha Troy now his wife and their son Ricky; it concerns an unusual and sinister plot which is perpetrated against traveling spinsters. The novel was published as The Bride of Death in the United States in 1955.
 Soyokaze-san (そよ風さん) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka and also the name of one of his books in Kodansha's line of Osamu Tezuka Manga Complete Works books containing a collection of Tezuka's short stories. The stories included in the book are Soyokaze-san Himawari-san Akebono-san and Yokko-chan ga Kita Yo!.
 Ballet Shoes: a story of three children on the stage is a children's novel by Noel Streatfield published by Dent in 1936. It was her first book for children and it inaugurated the Shoes series (1936 to 1962) that has been popular worldwide.Streatfield and Ballet Shoes were a commended runner up for the inaugural Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best British children's book by a British subject.
 Rubber Chemistry and Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering fundamental research technical developments and chemical engineering relating to rubber and its allied substances. It was established in 1928 with Carroll C. Davis as its first editor. It is published quarterly by the ACS Rubber Division. It is the oldest scientific journal dedicated to the subject of rubber science and technology.The journal currently publishes four issues per year.
 His Master's Voice (original Polish title: Głos Pana) is a science fiction novel written by Stanisław Lem first published in 1968. It was translated into English by Michael Kandel in 1983. It is a densely philosophical novel of the message from space subtype of the first contact type stories about an effort by scientists to decode translate and understand an extraterrestrial transmission.
 Inside the Soviet Army (ISBN 0-241-10889-6; Hamish Hamilton 1982; also published in the United States Prentice Hall ISBN 0-02-615500-1) is a book by Viktor Suvorov which describes the general organisation doctrine and strategy of the Soviet armed forces (the term “Army” being used to cover not only the Land Forces but also Strategic Rocket Air Defence Air and Naval forces).
 Little T Learns to Share is a children's book written by NFL wide receiver Terrell Owens. Released November 15 2006 it tells the story of a child named Little T who doesn't want to share his football but ends up learning about the value of friends.It was announced that Little T Learns to Share will be one of many short kid stories regarding themes such as sharing and making friends.
 Steel Ghosts is a horror novel by the American writer John Michael Curlovich under the pen name Michael Paine.Set in contemporary Western Pennsylvania in the fictional mill town of Steadbridge it tells the story of New York film executive Tom Kruvener who returns to his hometown to convert the abandoned United American Steelworks No. 5 into a movie studio for Overbrook Pictures. But the ghosts of the industrial past don’t want to be disturbed.
 Current Genomics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Bentham Science Publishers. The editor-in-chief is Christian Néri (INSERM). The journal publishes reviews and guest-edited issues covering all aspects of genomics.
 The Journal of Investigative Dermatology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of dermatology published by the Nature Publishing Group. It is the highest impact factor journal in the category Dermatology for 2008 according to the Journal Citation Reports.
 Jar Jar Binks Must Die (subtitled --and Other Observations about Science Fiction Movies) is a 2011 collection of 42 essays by film critic Daniel M. Kimmel published in a trade paperback edition by Fantastic Books in March 2011 with a second printing following five months later. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Related Work in 2012. Although it tied for first in nominations for eligible works it placed fifth in the final voting.
 Funeral Games is a 60 minute play by Joe Orton.
 The Carbon Diaries: 2015 is a 2009 young adult novel popular in the United Kingdom.
 Wittgenstein's Mistress by David Markson is a highly stylized experimental novel in the tradition of Samuel Beckett. The novel is mainly a series of statements made in the first person; the protagonist is a woman who believes herself to be the last human on earth. Though her statements shift quickly from topic to topic the topics often recur and often refer to Western cultural icons ranging from Zeno to Beethoven to Willem de Kooning.
 Hallandsposten is a newspaper printed in Halmstad Sweden that was founded 1850. It is the major newspaper of Halmstad Hylte and Laholm municipalities. It is printed daily since 1900 before that it was printed two times a week. It has a distribution of 32000.
 The Mechanical Bride: Folklore of Industrial Man (1st Ed.: The Vanguard Press NY 1951) is a pioneering study of popular culture by Herbert Marshall McLuhan treating newspapers comics and advertisements as poetic texts.Like his later 1962 book The Gutenberg Galaxy The Mechanical Bride is unique and composed of a number of short essays that can be read in any order – what he styled the mosaic approach to writing a book.
 We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live: Collected Nonfiction is a 2006 collection of nonfiction by Joan Didion. It includes the full content of her first seven volumes of nonfiction: Slouching Towards Bethlehem The White Album Salvador Miami After Henry Political Fictions and Where I Was From. The volume includes an introduction by John Leonard. The title is taken from the opening line of her essay The White Album in the book of the same name.
 The Man Whose Pharynx Was Bad is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium. First published in 1921 it is in the public domain in the United States.One point of entry into this poem is Stevens' attitude towards the weather.
 Ports of Call (French: Les Échelles du Levant) is a 1991 novel by the French-Lebanese writer Amin Maalouf. The narrative follows a married couple consisting of a Muslim man and a Jewish woman Ossyane and Clara who become separated after World War II.
 Heartless is a steampunk paranormal romance novel by Gail Carriger. Released on June 28 2011 by Orbit Books Heartless is the fourth book in the New York Times best-selling The Parasol Protectorate series each featuring Alexia Tarabotti a woman without a soul as its lead character.
 Kalangitan is a Philippine Historical Fiction Novel written by A.F. Eleazar. Its plot revolves around a princess named Dayang Kalangitan that will become Queen Regnant of NamayanTeundukand Bitukang Manok kingdom. It is set in Manila during 1450 A.D. .
 The History of the Runestaff is an omnibus collection of four fantasy novels by Michael Moorcock consisting of The Jewel In The Skull The Mad God's Amulet The Sword Of The Dawn and The Runestaff. Charting the adventures of Dorian Hawkmoon a version of the Eternal Champion it takes place in a far-future version of Europe in which the insane rulers of the Dark Empire of Granbretan (the name given to what was once Great Britain) are engaged in conquering the continent.
 The Taqwacores is the debut novel by Michael Muhammad Knight depicting a fictitious Islamic punk rock scene. The title is a portmanteau of taqwa an Islamic concept of love and fear for Allah and Hardcore the punk rock subgenre. Some of the most popular taqwacore bands are: The Kominas Al-Thawra Secret Trial Five Fedayeen and the Sagg Taqwacore Syndicate.
 All In: The Education of General David Petraeus is the biography of David Petraeus written by Paula Broadwell and Vernon Loeb. Released on Tuesday Jan. 24 2012 it reached #33 on the The New York Times Best Seller list in 2012.
 Planetary Brigade is a comic book series published by Boom! Studios. It was created by Keith Giffen J.M. DeMatteis and Joe Abraham. Originally a two issue mini-series Planetary Brigade is a sister book to Hero Squared and shares some of the same characters.
 Nothing Personal is a 2011 play from David Williamson.Williamson says he was prompted to write the play by Robyn Nevin of the Melbourne Theatre Company who asked him to do something about people losing power and status as they get older. Williamson wrote Nothing Personal about a power struggle between two women in publishing an older editor and her younger rival.
 The Glorious Cause is a historical novel by author Jeff Shaara a sequel to Rise to Rebellion and the conclusion to Shaara's retelling of the American Revolution.The Glorious Cause consists of a set of 3rd person narratives following the experiences of several notable figures in the American Revolution including George Washington Benjamin Franklin and Charles Cornwallis throughout the years of the war.One critic suggested that the reader with a passing interest in ...
 Experiment in Autobiography is an autobiographical work by H.G. Wells originally published in two volumes. He began to write it in 1932 and completed it in the summer of 1934.Experiment in Autobiography is divided into eight chapters (the last two of which are more than 100 pages long) which are divided in toto into 56 sections.
 Chroma is a UK-based international literary and arts journal publishing and promoting the work of lesbian gay bisexual and transgender writers and artists. The journal appears twice a year and is supported by funding from Arts Council England. The journal is edited by the writer Shaun Levin and the poet Saradha Soobrayen and has four commissioning editors András Gerevich Sophie Mayer Andrew Theophilou and Mike Upton.
 The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis (in Portuguese: O Ano da Morte de Ricardo Reis) is a 1984 novel by Portuguese novelist José Saramago the winner of the 1998 Nobel Prize in literature. It tells the story of the final year in the life of the title character Ricardo Reis one of the many heteronyms used by the Portuguese writer Fernando Pessoa.In the novel Ricardo Reis returns to Lisbon from Brazil upon receiving word of Pessoa's death.
 A Mighty Fortress is the fourth book in the Safehold science fiction novel series by David Weber and published by Tor Books on April 13 2010. It debuted at #9 on the New York Times hardcover fiction best seller list following in the steps of previous titles in the series which also debuted on the list.
 CKM - is a men's magazine (shortened to English Cool Kind of Men Polish Czasopismo każdego mężczyzny Hungarian Céltudatos Kalandvágyó [Férfiak] Magazinja and Serbian Cice Kola Medvedi). The Polish title literally means Every Men's Magazine but read as an abbreviation (correct spelling: ckm in lower case) it also means ciężki karabin maszynowy (heavy machine gun).
 The Story of Science in America is a 1967 science book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp illustrated by Leonard Everett Fisher published by Charles Scribner's Sons. It has been translated into Spanish Portuguese Burmese and French.The book traces the work of inventors and naturalists in the United States from the Colonial era through the mid-19th century and relates scientific developments in the century following.
 Going Wrong (1990) is a novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell. An intense psychological thriller its main theme is the nature of romantic obsession.
 Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life (published as Emergency : One Man's Story Of A Dangerous World And How To Stay Alive In It by Canongate) is a 2009 book on survivalist preparedness by Neil Strauss. In the book the author gains citizenship of the island nation of St. Kitts visits to a ranch called Gunsite to learn to shoot and learns techniques for tracking and surviving in the wilderness.
 Mr. Monk in Outer Space is the fifth novel in the Monk mystery novel series by writer Lee Goldberg published on October 30 2007.
 Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite is a 1980 English-language translation of Herculine Barbin's nineteenth-century memoirs which were originally written in French. The book contains an introduction by Michel Foucault which only appears in the English-language translation of the memoirs.
 Paleobiology is a scientific journal promoting the integration of biology and conventional palæontology with emphasis placed on biological or paleobiological processes and patterns. It attracts papers of interest to more than one discipline and occasionally publishes research on recent organisms when this is of interest to palæontologists.
 Deadlock is a detective novel by Sara Paretsky told in the first person by private eye (Vic) V. I. Warshawski.
 Once Upon a Time: A Floating Opera is a novel by American writer John Barth published in 1994. A character name John Barth and his female companion set sail on Chesapeake Bay on the 500th anniversary of Columbus' discovery of America but are unexpectedly caught in a tropical storm. While trying to find his way of out the Maryland marshes Barth comes across a metaphysical zone in which he encounters scenes and characters from his previous novels.
 Little Altars Everywhere chronicles the adventures of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood - four eccentric women - and their children affectionately called the Petites Ya-Yas.
 The Code of Romulus is a children's novella by Caroline Lawrence published in 2007 to celebrate the 10th anniversary of World Book Day. It is a re-publication of the short story Bread and Circuses that appeared in the anthology The Mammoth Book of Roman Whodunits published in 2003.The story takes place in Ostia in November 79 AD between the events of the fifth and sixth books (The Dolphins of Laurentum and The Twelve Tasks of Flavia Gemina.)
 Wiersze ostatnie (Last poems) is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 2006.
 This is about the 1990 novel. For an overview of the whole series of novels see Phule's Company (series).Phule's Company is a comic military science fiction novel written by Robert Asprin and originally published in 1990. The book follows the comedic events as Willard J. Phule the rich son of a millionaire arms manufacturer reforms a group of misfits in the Space Legion a fictional organization similar to the French Foreign Legion into an elite fighting force.
 Dark Water is the English title of a collection of short stories by Koji Suzuki originally published in Japan as Honogurai mizu no soko kara (Kanji: 仄暗い水の底から; literally From the Depths of Dark Waters). The book was first published in 1996 and released in 2004 in English translation. There is a manga adaptation of Dark Water.The collection contains seven stories and an extra plotline forming the prologue and epilogue.
 Lone Survivor: The Eyewitness Account of Operation Redwing and the Lost Heroes of Seal Team 10 (2007) is a non-fiction book written by Marcus Luttrell with assistance from novelist and ghostwriter Patrick Robinson and published by Little Brown and Company. The narrative takes place in Afghanistan where the reader follows Marcus Luttrell and a group of U.S. Navy SEALs. It has since seen a 2013 film adaptation of the same name with Mark Wahlberg starring as Luttrell.
 Unbuilt America: Forgotten Architecture in the United States from Thomas Jefferson to the space age is a 1976 book by Alison Sky and Michelle Stone. The book describes and shows plans of buildings and monuments that were planned but never built throughout the first two centuries of the history of the United States.
 Eisenbahn Kurier (German for Railway Courier) or EK is a monthly magazine published in Freiburg Germany whose focus is on railway and model railway themes. Its target audience is railway modellers and model railway fans as well as railway experts and employees. With a monthly print run of about 40000 copies EK is one of the biggest railway magazines in Germany. The magazine is produced by its own publisher EK Verlag which is registered in the Freiburg Trade Register.
 The Suffrage of Elvira is a comic novel by V. S. Naipaul set in Trinidad and Tobago.
 The Political Thought of Tarique Rahman: Empowerment of the Grassroots People is a book published by Bangladesh Policy Forum Cambridge a non-profit policy organization based in Cambridge.The book is a collection of seventeen articles written on the politics and thoughts of Tarique Rahman the Senior Vice Chairman of Bangladesh's four-time former government party Bangladesh Nationalist Party.
 Age and Ageing is a journal covering geriatric medicine and gerontology published by Oxford Journals of the OUP.The editor-in-Chief is David Stott and the journal is the official journal of the British Geriatrics Society.Age and ageing publishes research on geriatric medicine and gerontology. Its range includes research on ageing and clinical epidemiological and psychological aspects of later life.According to the 2012 Journal Citation Reports its impact factor is 3.816.
 The Forgotten Man: A New History of the Great Depression is a book by Amity Shlaes and published by HarperCollins. The book is a re-analysis of the events of the Great Depression generally from a free-market perspective. The book criticizes Herbert Hoover and the Smoot-Hawley Tariff for their role in exacerbating the Depression through government intervention. It criticizes Franklin D.
 Blue Tigers (Spanish: Tigres azules) is a short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges. It was first published in the book Rosa y Azul in 1977. In 1983 it was collected in the book Shakespeare's Memory.
 Journal of Physics: Condensed Matter is a weekly peer reviewed scientific journal established in 1989 and published by the IOP Publishing. This journal reports on all areas of condensed matter physics including soft matter and nanostructures. This journal publishes papers (experimental theoretical and simulation studies) that contain fundamental condensed matter science.
 Interzone is a collection of short stories and other early works by William S. Burroughs. The collection was first published by Viking Penguin in 1989 although several of the stories had already been printed elsewhere including an earlier publication titled Early Routines.
 The Girl Who Could Fly is a bestselling children's novel by Victoria Forester.
 Peachtree Road is an American novel by Anne Rivers Siddons. It is principally set in Atlanta Georgia and fictionalizes the experience of several wealthy Atlanta families from the 1930s through the 1970s. The title refers to the section of Peachtree Street that runs through the Buckhead neighborhood of Atlanta and where the central character's family home is located.
 Platform (French: Plateforme) is a 2001 novel by controversial French writer Michel Houellebecq (translated into English by Frank Wynne). It has received both great praise and great criticism most notably for the novel's apparent condoning of sex tourism and anti-Muslim feelings.
 The Green Ray (French: Le Rayon vert) is a novel by the French writer Jules Verne published in 1882 and named after the optical phenomenon of the same name. It is referenced in a 1986 film of the same name by Eric Rohmer.
 Lyric's World is the second volume in the Junior Jedi Knights series. It was written by Nancy Richardson in 1996.
 Sithmina is a Sinhala language education paper targeted for Ordinary Level (O/L) students in Sri Lanka. This is the only education paper which publishes weekly according to the O/L Syllabus. It is published by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited (Lake House) a government-owned corporation. The newspaper commenced publishing in 2012 under the guidance of Lake House Chairman Bandula Padmakumara.
 Races of Stone (sometimes abbreviated to RoS) is an optional sourcebook for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Attack is the 26th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It has the distinction of being the last book in the series written by Applegate on a regular schedule; with The Separation the final two books in the regular series; The Answer and The Beginning two Megamorphs books; Elfangor's Secret and Back to Before and the chronicles; Visser and The Ellimist Chronicles being the only other Animorphs related books written by her after this was published.
 The Terror of Blue John Gap is a short story written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in Strand Magazine in 1910.The story comprises the adventures of a British doctor recovering from tuberculosis who goes to stay at a Derbyshire farm looking for rest and relaxation becomes entrapped in a series of sinister events and is forced to uncover the mysteries surrounding Blue John Gap and the Terror that lurks within it.
 2020 Visions (sometimes called 20/20 Visions) is a science-fiction comic book written by Jamie Delano and drawn by four artists. Originally serialized as a twelve-issue full-color limited series from 1997 to 1998 at the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics it was later collected as a black-and-white volume in a 2004 hardcover from Cyberosia Publishing and a 2005 softcover from Speakeasy Comics.
 What A Life! is a work of satirical fiction by Edward Verrall Lucas and George Morrow published in 1911. The book is best known for its inventive narrative technique: the story takes the reader through the life of an upper-class British gentleman with the plot being dictated by the book's illustrations which the authors took from a copy of Whiteley's General Catalogue (Whiteley's was a London department store at the time).
 Hazaribag Times is a Hindi weekly newspaper published from Hazaribag Jharkhand India. It is one of the oldest newspaper solely published from Hazaribag. The newspaper was started by well-known educationist Subodh Singh Shivgeet to meet the need of local news.
 The Cartoon History of the Universe is a book series about the history of the world. It is written and illustrated by American cartoonist professor and mathematician Larry Gonick. The final two volumes published in 2007 and 2009 are named The Cartoon History of the Modern World volumes one and two. The final volume covers history from the late 18th century to early 2008.Each book in the series explains a period of world history in a loosely chronological order.
 All American Girl is a young adult novel written by Meg Cabot for teenagers. It reached number one in the New York Times best-seller list for children's books in 2002.The story is about a girl named Samantha Madison who lives in Washington D.C. She is a sophomore outcast at John Adams Preparatory School and has only one friend Catherine. Sam is a huge fan of Gwen Stefani and often laments that she is not more like Gwen.
 Jill The Reckless is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on October 8 1920 by George H. Doran New York (under the title The Little Warrior) and in the United Kingdom by Herbert Jenkins London on 4 July 1921.
 Titanic 2020: Cannibal City is the second novel of the Titanic 2020 series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman published on 19 June 2008 through Hodder Children's Books.
 Germany and the Second World War (German: Das Deutsche Reich und der Zweite Weltkrieg) is a 12000 page 13-volume set of books published by the Deutsche Verlags-Anstalt DVA which has taken academics from the military history centre of the German armed forces 30 years to finish.
 JCDA the Journal of the Canadian Dental Association is a bimonthly peer-reviewed dental journal published by the Canadian Dental Association. It is more commonly referred to by its web address JCDA.ca owing to its evolution into a print and electronic based knowledge network.
 The Outsider and Others is a collection of stories by author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1939 and was the first book published by Arkham House. 1268 copies were printed. It went out of print early in 1944 and has never been reprinted.The volume takes its name from the Lovecraft short story The Outsider; The Outsider and Other Stories was Lovecraft's preferred title for a short story collection considered but never issued by Farnsworth Wright.
 The American Journal of Respiratory Cell and Molecular Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal and an official publication of the American Thoracic Society. It covers research on the structure and function of the respiratory system under physiologic and pathophysiologic conditions. It is one of three journals published by the American Thoracic Society along with the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine and the Annals of the American Thoracic Society.
 Acta Koreana is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering Korean studies published in English by Academia Koreana (Keimyung University). It was established in 1998 as an annual publication; since 2002 it has been published biannually.
 The Execution of Justice (German: Justiz) is a 1985 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt. It tells the story of an attorney who is tasked to reinvestigate a man sentenced for murder. The book criticises elements of the legal system and ponders on the nature of justice. It was adapted into the 1993 film Justice directed by Hans W. Geißendörfer.
 The San Francisco Bay View National Black Newspaper is an online and print newspaper published in San Francisco California. It covers events from an African-American perspective with a focus on Black liberation and coverage of worldwide racial inequality and political repression. From its founding in 1976 until 2008 the paper's distribution in its print edition extended to the larger San Francisco Bay Area.
 Young X-Men was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics. It lasted for 12 issues from April 2008 through March 2009. The series was written by Marc Guggenheim.
 I Shall Never Return (ぼくはこのまま帰らない Boku wa Konomama Kaeranai) is a yaoi manga series by Kazuna Uchida. The first volume was published in Japan in October 1992 by Shufu-to-Seikatsu Sha. It spanned six volumes until its conclusion in September 1996. Ohzora Publishing reprinted the volumes from April 1997 through October 1997. Aurora Publishing licensed the series for an English language release in North America in 2007.
 Camera Works: Photography and the Twentieth-Century Word is a work of literary and cultural studies by Michael North a professor of English at UCLA. It is the winner of the 2006 Modernist Studies Association Book Prize.In Camera Works: Photography and the Twentieth-Century Word North examines the relationship between literary modernism and new media technologies in the early twentieth century such as photography advertising and film.
 Y Cymro (Welsh for The Welshman Welsh pronunciation: [ə ˈkəmrɔ]) is a Welsh language newspaper first published in 1932.Y Cymro was founded in Wrexham and succeeded other newspapers of the same name that had existed during the 19th and early 20th century. It is the only national newspaper in the Welsh language and is published weekly on a Friday. In 1945 John Roberts Williams became editor.
 Here There Be Tygers is a short story written by Ray Bradbury originally published in the anthology New Tales of Space and Time in 1951. It was later collected in Bradbury's short story collections R is for Rocket and The Golden Apples of the Sun. It deals with a rocket expedition sent to a planet to see whether or not its natural resources can be harvested for the human race. They discover a paradise which seems to provide for them whatever they desire even as they think of it.
 Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century (1996) is a children's science fiction picture book written by Marilyn Sadler and illustrated by Roger Bollen. It tells the story of Zenon Kar a girl in the year 2049 who is sent to her aunt on Earth to keep her out of trouble.In 1999 the book was adapted into a television film as the Disney Channel Original Movie Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century.
 Stella by the Sea is a book in the Aussie Chomps collection written by Australian author Ruth Starke. The book was released in Australia on 1 July 2003.
 Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in social psychology. The editor-in-chief is Christian Unkelbach (University of Cologne).
 Anthropology in Action is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books that covers anthropological subjects through commentaries key articles research reports and book reviews . The editor-in-chief is Christine McCourt (City University London).
 The Metro Viet News is a Vietnamese language newspaper based in Philadelphia Pennsylvania published every Friday to serve the growing Vietnamese population of the Greater Philadelphia area. It is published by New Mainstream Press a publishing company that caters specifically to the Asian-American communities.
 The Doncaster Free Press is a weekly newspaper in Doncaster South Yorkshire England. It is owned by South Yorkshire Newspapers (SYN) a subsidiary of the Johnston Press publishing empire.
 Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time (original hardcover title: Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Fight Terrorism and Build Nations ... One School at a Time) is a book by Greg Mortenson and David Oliver Relin published by Penguin in 2007.
 The Case Against Barack Obama: The Unlikely Rise and Unexamined Agenda of the Media's Favorite Candidate by author David Freddoso is a bestselling book published in late 2008 providing a critical examination of the life and opinions of the then United States presidential candidate and Senator Barack Obama.Freddoso was a political reporter for the website of the conservative magazine National Review when the book came out. He is now with the Washington Examiner.
 Moloch: or This Gentile World is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Henry Miller in 1927-28 initially under the guise of a novel written by his wife June. The book went unpublished until 1992 65 years after it was written and 12 years after Miller’s death. It is widely considered to be of interest more as a study of Miller’s artistic growth than as a worthy piece of fiction.
 Birthday Letters published in 1998 is a collection of poetry by English poet and children's writer Ted Hughes. Released only months before Hughes's death the collection won multiple prestigious literary awards. This collection of eighty-eight poems is widely considered to be Hughes' most explicit response to the suicide of his estranged wife Sylvia Plath in 1963 and to their widely discussed politicized and explosive marriage.
 Promise Me is a novel by Harlan Coben. It is the eighth novel in his series of a crime solver and sports agent named Myron Bolitar.
 Royal Flush is an American humor magazine founded by editor Josh Bernstein of The #Number Foundation in 1997. The magazine started out as an outlet for pop artists and creative directors of other magazines. The New York City art scene has been publishing their collected works in Royal Flush for years now. The magazine offers satire on many aspects of life and popular culture rock music and public figures.
 The Monks of Thelema is a novel by Walter Besant and James Rice. It was published in 1878 by Chatto & Windus London.This novel includes descriptions of a sort of church of Thelema similar to the Abbey of Thélème described in Rabelais's Gargantua. Aleister Crowley later founded a religion with Thelemathis name]].
 Latvijas Vēstnesis (The Latvian Messenger) is the public journal of the Republic of Latvia. The journal was founded 2 February 1993 by the Latvian government according to its 47th resolution bearing the title On the establishment of the state corporation Latvijas Vēstnesis (Latvian: Par valsts uzņēmuma Latvijas Vēstnesis nodibināšanu). The first journal was issued 25 February 1993 and has been published in more than 4500 editions since.
 Urbani izziv (English: Urban Challenge) is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Urban Planning Institute of the Republic of Slovenia. It was established in December 1989 and covers all aspects of urban planning and urban studies. The journal is published in English and Slovenian.
 Twilight Comes Twice is a children's book of free verse written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Kate Kiesler. It was first published in 1997 and describes the transitions from night to day and from day to night.
 Beyond the Spectrum is a science fiction novel by Martin Thomas published in 1964.Beyond the Spectrum is set in the 30th century. It concerns an invasion of Earth by the inhabitants of the invisible planet Nihil. Earth attempts to stop the invasion using a team of psychics. It begins with a young couple Addis and Bia who are enjoying themselves then suddenly Addis gets knocked out but a stun ray gun and gets taken away into an invisible craft.
 Dead of Winter is a 2006 horror short story by Stephen Dedman.
 Black As He's Painted (1974) is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh the 28th to feature Roderick Alleyn. The plot concerns the newly independent fictional African nation of Ng'ombwana whose president and Alleyn went to school together and a series of murders connected to its embassy in London.
 Train Train may refer to: Train+Train a 2000 Japanese light novel series Train*Train a manga by Eiki Eiki Train Train (The Count Bishops song) 1976 Train Train (Blackfoot song) 1979 Train Train (prelude) a song by Blackfoot from the album Strikes Train-Train (album) an album by The Blue Hearts Train-Train a song by The Blue Hearts__DISAMBIG__
 Modrost starodavnega anka is a novel by Slovenian author Aksinja Kermauner. It was first published in 2000.
 Translation & Interpreting. The International Journal of Translation and Interpreting Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of translation and language interpretation. The online journal is hosted by the University of Western Sydney's School of Humanities and Communication Arts. It was established in 2009.
 Dragon and Phoenix is the second of the Dragonlord series by Joanne Bertin and was published in 1999. It takes place in a world of truehumans truedragons and dragonlords - beings which have both human and dragon souls and can change from human to dragon and vice versa at will. It was preceded by The Last Dragonlord and is followed by Bard's Oath.
 John Irving's third and perhaps darkest novel The 158-Pound Marriage examines the sexual revolution-era trend of Swinging (partner-swapping) via a glimpse into the lives of two couples in a small New England college town who enter casually into such an affair with disastrous consequences.
 G.I. Combat was a long-running comic book series published first by Quality Comics and later by DC Comics.
 The Civil War: A Narrative (1958–1974) is a three volume 2968-page 1.2 million-word history of the American Civil War by Shelby Foote. Although previously known as a novelist Foote is most famous for this non-fictional narrative history. While it touches on political and social themes the main thrust of the work is military history. The individual volumes include Fort Sumter to Perryville (1958) Fredericksburg to Meridian (1963) and Red River to Appomattox (1974).
 Oedipus the King (Ancient Greek: Οἰδίπους Τύραννος Oidipous Turannos) also known by the Latin title Oedipus Rex is an Athenian tragedy by Sophocles that was first performed c. 429 BC. It was the second of Sophocles's three Theban plays to be produced but it comes first in the internal chronology followed by Oedipus at Colonus and then Antigone.
 Sébastien Roch is a novel written by the French journalist novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau and published by Charpentier in 1890. Last French edition : L'Age d'Homme 2011.English translation : Sébastien Roch Dedalus « Empire of the senses » 2000 266 pages (ISBN : 1873982437).
 A Tiger for Malgudi is a 1983 novel by R. K. Narayan told by a tiger in the first person. Deeply moving is the attachment of the tiger to the monk and the monk's care for the tiger. R. K. Narayan consulted with noted tiger expert K. Ullas Karanth on the writing of this novel.
 You Bright and Risen Angels is a 1987 novel by William T. Vollmann detailing a fictional war between insects and the forces of modern civilization. Vollmann described the book his first as an allegory in part inspired by his experiences with the mujahedeen in Afghanistan. The novel is subtitled A Cartoon. It is illustrated by the author.
 This is an article about an American journal. You may also be looking for Chinese journal Shehui.Society is a scientific journal that publishes discussions and research findings in the social sciences and public policy.It was founded as Transaction: Social Science and Modern SOCIETY by Irving Louis Horowitz in 1962. It was published by Transaction Publishers for decades before being purchased by Springer. Its chief editor is Jonathan Imber.
 The COPD: Journal of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diesase is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of chronic obstructive lung disease and its related conditions.
 The National Contest Journal (also referred to by the acronym NCJ) is a bimonthly magazine published by the American Radio Relay League with an independent volunteer editor. The magazine covers topics related to amateur radio contesting. The magazine is published in English and draws its subscription base primarily from the United States of America and Canada.
 The Journal of Physical Organic Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1988 by John Wiley & Sons. It covers research in physical organic chemistry in its broadest sense and is available both online and in print. The current editor-in-chief is Luis Echegoyen (University of Texas at El Paso).
 Eat This Book is a book by Ryan Nerz which explores the world of competitive eating. Published by St. Martin's Press in 2006 Eat This Book provides a firsthand look into this sometimes controversial sport. Nerz who spent a year as an emcee for the International Federation of Competitive Eating has firsthand insight into the competitive eating phenomenon.
 Fathom is a comic book created by Michael Turner and originally published by Top Cow Productions. It debuted in 1998 and was Michael Turner's first creator-owned comic book series. Fathom is currently published by Turner's own company Aspen MLT.
 Everlost is a fantasy book published in 2006 by the acclaimed young-adult author Neal Shusterman. The story is the first in the Skinjacker trilogy that takes place in Everlost the place between life and death.
 The Caucasian Chalk Circle (German: Der Kaukasische Kreidekreis) is a play by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht. An example of Brecht's epic theatre the play is a parable about a peasant girl who rescues a baby and becomes a better mother than its wealthy natural parents.The play was written in 1944 while Brecht was living in the United States.
 Kermit the Hermit is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Bill Peet. It was first published in 1965. It tells the story of a greedy crab who collects and hoards all sorts of unnecessary things. Bill Peet said he got the idea for the book from sketching crabs stacked on ice in the sea food display of a supermarket. It has been printed in six editions and is still in print as of 2008.
 William the Conqueror is the sixth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1926. It is a book of short stories and its name is a pun on William the Conqueror a famous king of England.
 Progress in Materials Science is a journal publishing review articles covering most areas of materials science published by the Pergamon imprint of Elsevier. It was started in 1949 with the title Progress in Metal Physics with Bruce Chalmers serving as first editor.
 Sunrise is the sixth and final book in Erin Hunter's Warriors: Power of Three children's fantasy novel series. HarperCollins published it on April 21 2009. The plot follows Jayfeather Hollyleaf and Lionblaze on their quest to find Ashfur's true murderer. It was originally to be titled Cruel Season. While critics criticized the number of characters they felt the book would quickly grab readers in.
 Strangers in Paradise is a long-running mostly self-published black-and-white comic book written and drawn by Terry Moore. The series has reached its planned conclusion finishing off in 2007 with issue #90 of volume 3. Although it was announced at Comic-Con 2012 there will be another story in the form of a novel.
 Total PC Gaming was a monthly magazine published by Imagine Publishing launched in 2007 it ran until March 2010. The magazine featured videogame industry news game reviews hardware reviews and sections dedicated to fans of retro gaming and Massively multiplayer online games.
 The Journal of Biomaterials Applications is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the development and clinical applications of biomaterials. The editor-in-chief is Jonathan Knowles (University College London). The journal was established in 1986 and is published by Sage Publications.
 The Dangerous Games is the third novel by Jude Watson in the Star Wars Jedi Quest book series.
 Panchadasi written in the Sanskrit Sloka-format is a book of instruction for the followers of Vedanta who want to have a clear presentation of the truths of Advaita. It is an advanced introductory text intended either to unfold the entire subject of Vedanta necessary for attaining enlightenment or to serve as a foundation for further study of Vedanta. It is a standard text on the philosophy of the Vedanta.
 The Narragansett Dawn was a monthly newspaper that discussed the history culture and language of the Narragansett tribe. It was produced in 1935 and 1936 with a total of sixteen issues. The founders and editors of the paper were Princess Red Wing and Ernest Hazard. Both were Narragansett tribal members.The newspaper came about because of the Narragansett people's need to retain their history and cultural identity in the wake of the Indian Reorganization Act.
 I Coriander is a children's novel by Sally Gardner published in 2005 a historical fantasy set in London at the time of the Puritan Commonwealth. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award. It was also shortlisted for the British Children's Book of the Year and the Stockton Children's Book of the Year as well as longlisted for the Carnegie Medal.
 Grant Comes East: A Novel of the Civil War is a New York Times bestseller written by former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Newt Gingrich William R. Forstchen and Albert S. Hanser. It was published in 2004 and is the sequel to Gettysburg: A Novel of the Civil War. The third book of the trilogy is called Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant: The Final Victory and was released in 2005. The novel is illustrated with actual photographs of the Civil War.
 The God Box (2007) a novel by Alex Sánchez focuses on the conflict and friendship between two Christian teenage boys one openly gay and the other struggling to accept his sexuality. It was adapted into a play in 2009 which had its world premiere performance at Sacred Heart Preparatory in Atherton CA.
 Insurrection is the first novel in Robyn Young's Insurrection trilogy her fourth book overall published on 14 October 2010 through Hodder and Stoughton. The story is based on the exploits of the historical Robert the Bruce.
 MyM (pronounced My-em) is an 84-page monthly magazine published in the United Kingdom by the MCM Expo Group covering various aspects of Japanese pop culture including anime manga Japanese cinema and music cosplay lolita fashion and video games.The magazine features reviews of anime manga Japanese film and video games releases in the UK. There is also a news section cover such areas and larger feature articles.
 The Reaction is the 12th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Rachel.
 Worth the Fighting For is a 2002 book by United States Senator John McCain with Mark Salter. Published by Random House it is part autobiography part mini-biographies of others.The book picks up where McCain's first memoir Faith of My Fathers left off with his return to the United States following his release as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam. The first part briefly covers the balance of his final years in the Navy until his 1981 retirement.
 Punjabi Tribune is a Punjabi language daily newspaper owned by The Tribune Trust publishes in the East Punjab (India). It was launched on 15 August 1978 and became online on the internet in August 2010.
 The Herald Sun is a morning tabloid newspaper based in Melbourne Australia. It is published by The Herald and Weekly Times a subsidiary of News Corp Australia itself a subsidiary of News Corp. It is available for purchase throughout Melbourne regional Victoria Tasmania the Australian Capital Territory and border regions of South Australia and Southern New South Wales such as Queanbeyan the Riverina and NSW South Coast.
 Will is a historical fiction novel by Christopher Rush published in 2007. It is told from the perspective of William Shakespeare as he writes his will. The book's film right were sold to Ben Kingsley's SBK pictures in 2007.
 Night of the Soul-Stealer is a children's book by Joseph Delaney.
 Philosophical Issues is an annual supplement to the journal Noûs published periodically usually once per year. Each issue explores a specific area of philosophy through invited papers critical studies and book symposia. Philosophical Issues was published by Ridgeview Publishing Company for the first nine volumes. It became a supplement to Noûs In 2000 and is currently published by Wiley-Blackwell.
 The Two Row Times an Onkwehon:we (Onkwehonwe) flagship publication of Garlow Media is a free weekly news publication based in Hagersville Ontario Canada and focusing distribution on the Six Nations of the Grand River Territory. Circulation of the Two Row Times is about 23000 copies which are distributed to all Ontario Indian Reservations.
 The Sun Saboteurs is a 1961 science fiction novel by Damon Knight. Its topic is expatriate Earthmen living on an alien planet and their daily hardships in dealing with their status as a minority group among aliens.The story first appeared in the form of a novella in If magazine in 1955 entitled The Earth Quarter. An expanded version was published by Ace in 1961 bound dos-à-dos with G. McDonald Wallis's The Light of Lilith as Ace Double F-108.
 Nositi is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Fantastic Voyage: Live Long Enough to Live Forever (Rodale Books ISBN 1-57954-954-3) published in 2004 is a book authored by Ray Kurzweil and Terry Grossman. The basic premise of the book is that if middle aged people can live long enough until approximately 120 they will be able to live forever—as humanity overcomes all diseases and old age itself. This might also be considered a break-even scenario where developments made during a year increase life expectancy by more than one year.
 Let Me Tell You Something About That Night is a short-story collection by the Singaporean poet Cyril Wong.
 Mary Marston is a novel by George MacDonald written in 1881 and later republished under the title A Daughter's Devotion.Written at the height of George MacDonald's literary career the story centers around the life of a simple merchant's daughter. Mary Marston's unswerving commitment to love God and others is contrasted with a backdrop of an array of characters and a complex and sometimes mysterious plot.It is a story of a woman who loves a man and teaches him to change.
 Paranoid Park (2006) is a young adult novel by Blake Nelson. Paranoid Park is the story of a 16-year-old skateboarder who tries to fit in with the skater crowd and accidentally kills a security guard while trying to board a train. The author has said that the book is a kind of retelling of Crime and Punishment in a young adult fiction setting. The novel takes place in Portland Oregon United States.
 The Blackpool Gazette is an English evening newspaper based in Blackpool Lancashire. Published every day except Sunday it covers the towns and communities of the Fylde coast. It was formerly named the Evening Gazette after initially being named The West Lancashire Evening Gazette.
 River God is a novel by author Wilbur Smith. It tells the story of the talented eunuch slave Taita his life in Egypt the flight of Taita along with the Egyptian populace from the Hyksos invasion and their eventual return. The novel can be grouped together with Wilbur Smith's other books (The Seventh Scroll Warlock and The Quest) on Ancient Egypt. It was first published in 1994.
 Monstrous Regiment is the 31st novel in Terry Pratchett's Discworld series. It takes its name from the anti-Catholic 16th century tract by John Knox the full title of which is The First Blast of the Trumpet Against the Monstrous Regiment of Women. The cover illustration of the British edition by Paul Kidby is a parody of Joe Rosenthal's photograph Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima. Monstrous Regiment was nominated for a Locus Award in 2004.
 Self-Help; with Illustrations of Character and Conduct was a book published in 1859 by Samuel Smiles. The second edition of 1866 added Perseverance to the subtitle. It has been called the bible of mid-Victorian liberalism.
 The Universe in a Single Atom is a book by Tenzin Gyatso the 14th Dalai Lama and published in 2006 by Broadway Books. In this book Dalai Lama engages in several scientific areas. He explores the topics of quantum physics cosmology consciousness and genetics in relation to Buddhism.
 Gosick (ゴシック Goshikku stylized as GOSICK derived from the word gothic) is a Japanese light novel series by Kazuki Sakuraba with illustrations by Hinata Takeda. The series includes 13 novels published by Fujimi Shobo between December 2003 and July 2011. Set in a fictional European country in 1924 a Japanese exchange student meets a mysterious brilliant girl who only leaves the library to sleep. Her brother a detective relies on her exceptional mind to solve difficult mysteries.
 Pyay Yazawin (Burmese: ပြည် ရာဇဝင် lit. the Chronicle of Pyay (Prome)) is a lost Burmese chronicle that covers the history of Pyay (Prome) including that of Prome Kingdom from 1278 to 1542. It was referenced in the later chronicles of Maha Yazawin and Hmannan Yazawin.
 The Herald-Times is a daily newspaper serving Bloomington Indiana and surrounding areas. The newspaper won the Blue Ribbon Daily award in 1975 1984 and 2007 naming it the best daily newspaper in the state of Indiana in those years.The newspaper is the current incarnation of a business started in 1877 the Bloomington Telephone named for the new invention. In 1943 the Telephone merged with the Evening World to become the Bloomington World-Telephone.
 Earth's Last Citadel is a novel written by the husband and wife team of C.L. Moore and Henry Kuttner. It was first published in 1943 in the magazine Argosy and in book form it was published first in 1964.
 Son of the White Wolf is an El Borak short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in December 1936 issue of the pulp magazine Thrilling Adventures.
 The Snow Papers by Richard Smart is a book whose central theme is the author's period of addiction to cocaine.A portion of the book covers Smart's role as an insider in Robert F Kennedy's 1968 Democratic nomination campaign and his assassination at a victory celebration (RFK had essentially won the nomination) on June 4 1968.
 Studies in Political Economy is a peer-reviewed academic journal for original work based on the traditions of socialist political economy in any of its particular tendencies. The journal emphasises empirical and theoretical research relating to exploitation exclusion and oppression both in Canada and in other countries. Although an international journal it is particularly interested in Canadian work.
 Swords and Deviltry is a fantasy short story collection by Fritz Leiber featuring his sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. It is chronologically the first volume in the complete seven volume edition of the collected stories devoted to the characters. The book was first published in paperback in 1970 by Ace Books which reprinted the title numerous times through November 1985; later paperback editions were issued by ibooks (2003) and Dark Horse (2006).
 The Booze News is a satirical newspaper founded at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in February 2004 by Atish Doshi and Derek Chin. The free paper published weekly with a circulation of 20000[citation needed] is written edited and distributed by students at UIUC. Currently The Booze News is headquartered in Chicago Illinois and continues to exist under The Black Sheep.
 The Land is a weekly newspaper published in Mankato Minnesota. It serves farmers ranchers rural residents and agribusiness across the entire state of Minnesota. Its two circulation zones geographically covering approximately the southern one-third and northern two-thirds of the state alternate weeks.
 Jerusalem: The Biography is a 2011 bestselling non-fiction book by British popular historian and writer Simon Sebag Montefiore.
 UP magazine was a New Zealand youth-oriented magazine for the gay lesbian bisexual and transgender community of New Zealand.The first issue of UP appeared in 2002 as an A3 tabloid newspaper specifically for the Wellington New Zealand gay community. It expanded to nationwide coverage in mid-2003 and in January 2005 changed format into an A4 magazine style.
 The New Humanity was British new age magazine founded in February 1975 by the Dutch writer Johan Henri Quanjer (1934 – 2001). It styled itself as  the world's first politico- spiritual journal for the free & independent thinker with the maxim  neither Left nor Right but Uplifted Forward. Its articles covered a wide range of New Age topics relating to the improvement of humanity through new consciousness awareness. It came to call its platform Pneumatocracy or rule of the spirit.
 Fools Crow is a novel written by author James Welch. Set in Montana shortly after the Civil War this novel tells of White Man's Dog (later known as Fools Crow) a young Blackfoot Indian on the verge of manhood and his tribe known as the Lone Eaters. The invasion of white society threatens to change their traditional way of life and they must choose to fight or assimilate. The story is a powerful portrait of a fading way of life.
 Playbill is a monthly U.S. magazine for theatregoers. Although there is a subscription issue available for home delivery most copies of Playbill are printed for particular productions and distributed at the door. Each issue features Articles focusing on artists new plays and musicals or special attractions. This wraparound section is the same for all Playbills at all venues each month.
 Museum Anthropology Review is a peer-reviewed gold open access academic journal focusing on research in material culture studies museum-based scholarship and the study of museums in society. In addition to anthropology it covers the fields of folklore art history and museum studies. It was established in 2007 and is published by the Mathers Museum of World Cultures and the Indiana University Bloomington Libraries as part of its IUScholarWorks program using Open Journal Systems.
 Hands in Harmony: Traditional Crafts and Music in Appalachia is a 2009 photography book by photographer and author Timothy Lee Barnwell. The work was first published on October 12 2009 through W.W. Norton and like prior works focuses on the culture and history of Appalachia. The book's contents focus on the traditions of hand crafts and old time and bluegrass music and the work contains photographs of the interviewees as well as an accompanying CD of bluegrass music.
 Suburban Strains is a 1980 musical by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn with music by Paul Todd. This was the first attempt Ayckbourn made at a musical since the ill-fated Jeeves! in 1975. It is about a teacher Caroline whose marriage to actor Kevin breaks down only to find her new partner doctor Matthew even worse due to his control freakery before making up with Kevin again.
 Praying for Power: Buddhism and the Formation of Gentry Society in Late-Ming China is a history book which explores the relationship between Buddhism and Neo-Confucianism during the 17th and 18th centuries in China (the late Ming Dynasty); tourism to Chinese Buddhist sites and the patronage of Buddhist monasteries in China by Buddhist and Neo-Confucian gentry during this period.
 Ultimate Comics: Avengers is a comic book published by Marvel Comics that began in August 2009 as part of the relaunch of the Ultimate Universe under the Ultimate Comics imprint. It is a direct follow up to the events of Ultimatum. The series is written by Mark Millar creator of The Ultimates Ultimate X-Men and co-creator of Ultimate Fantastic Four.
 Moskovskij Komsomolets (Russian: Московский комсомолец) is a Moscow-based daily newspaper with a circulation approaching one million covering general news. Founded in 1919 it is now regarded as publishing sensational or provocative items on Russian politics and society.[citation needed]MK is also known as host for Russia's oldest hit parade - the Zvukovaya Dorozhka (Sound Track in Russian).
 The Deep is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was written in July 1952 and first published in the December 1952 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction. The story subsequently appeared in the Asimov collections The Martian Way and Other Stories (1955) and The Best of Isaac Asimov (1973).
 El Universal is a major Venezuelan newspaper headquartered in Caracas with an average daily circulation of about 150000. The online version carries news politics sports economy and more.El Universal was founded in April 1909 in Caracas by the Venezuelan poet Andrés Mata and his friend Andrés Vigas. Its main rival is El Nacional.It is considered to be conservative and business-oriented though it has at times both supported and criticized the policies of former President Hugo Chávez.
 Memory is a flash fiction short story by American horror and science fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft written in 1919 and published in May 1923 in The National Amateur.
 The Archaeology of Death and Burial is an archaeological study by the English archaeologist Mike Parker Pearson then a professor at the University of Sheffield. It was first published in 1999 by Sutton Publishing Limited and later republished by The History Press.Parker Pearson's book adopts a post-processual approach to funerary archaeology.
 The AIDS War: Propaganda Profiteering and Genocide from the Medical-Industrial Complex is a 1993 work about the politics of HIV/AIDS by John Lauritsen.
 Flow Turbulence and Combustion is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on fluid mechanics. It covers original research on fluid mechanics and combustion with the areas of interest including industrial geophysical and environmental applications. The journal was established in 1949 under the name Applied Scientific Research.
 Al Día is a Spanish language newspaper that serves the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex. It is published by A. H. Belo and is the Spanish language counterpart to The Dallas Morning News. It has its headquarters in Downtown Dallas.
 Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier is the 2012 anthology by Neil deGrasse Tyson covering his various writings relating to the history and future of NASA and space travel in general.Tyson intended the book's original title to be Failure to Launch: The Dreams and Delusions of Space Enthusiasts.
 The Road to Memphis is a historical fiction novel written by Mildred D. Taylor. It was first published in 1990 by Penguin. It is the fourth book in the saga following: Song of the Trees Roll of Thunder Hear my Cry and Let the Circle Be Unbroken. This would be the final book in the series chronologically to explore the story of the Logan family as a prequel to the series titled The Land was released in 2001.
 The Daily Home is a daily newspaper serving the Talladega County and St. Clair County Alabama areas. Originally begun as a weekly in 1867 it was called Our Mountain Home until daily production began in 1909 at which point the name was changed to The Talladega Daily Home. In 1965 the paper was purchased by Consolidated Publishing a local company which also publishes the Anniston Star and several local weeklies.
 Elementary Principles in Statistical Mechanics published in March 1902 is a work of scientific literature by Josiah Willard Gibbs which is considered to be the foundation of modern statistical mechanics.
 Tales of Three Hemispheres is a collection of fantasy short stories by Lord Dunsany. The first edition was published in Boston by John W. Luce & Co. in November 1919; the first British edition was published in London by T. Fisher Unwin in June 1920.The collection's significance in the history of fantasy literature was recognized by its republication in a new edition by Owlswick Press in 1976 with illustrations by Tim Kirk and a foreword by H. P.
 The Times Will Suit Them: Postmodern conservatism in Australia is a 2008 book by academics Geoff Boucher and Matthew Sharpe. The book argues that for more than a decade Prime Minister John Howard took advantage of international crises and local anxieties to stay in government and significantly reshape Australian public life.
 Monsters of Men is a young-adult science fiction novel by Patrick Ness published by Walker Books in May 2010. It was the third book of the Chaos Walking trilogy inaugurated two years earlier by The Knife of Never Letting Go. Walker's U.S.
 The Harsh Cry of the Heron is the sequel to Lian Hearn's popular Tales of the Otori trilogy first published on March 7 2006. The novel is set sixteen years after the events of the Trilogy and covers a period of about two years. It chronicles the events that ultimately lead to Takeo's downfall in accordance with the prophecy spoken of him years before.
 Heroes in the Wind: From Kull to Conan; the Best of Robert E. Howard is a 2009 collection of dark fantasy and horror short stories written by Robert E. Howard selected and with an introduction by John Clute. Most of the stories were originally published in various fantasy magazines and feature Howard's heroes Kull Bran Mak Morn and Conan among others. It was first published in paperback in September 2009 by Penguin Books in its Penguin Modern Classics series.
 The Vancouver Voice was an alternative newspaper serving Clark County and Southwest Washington in the United States with a focus on the area's largest city Vancouver. It ceased publication with volume 5 issue 13 of August 19 2011.
 A Writer's Life is a 2006 autobiography by Gay Talese. The book focuses on many of the stories that Talese attempted to tell but failed such as spending six months working on a story about John and Lorena Bobbitt for The New Yorker only to have the piece rejected by New Yorker editor Tina Brown.
 Journal of Cellular Plastics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes articles in the field of polymer science covering the latest advances in foamed plastics technology. The journal was established in 1965 and is published by SAGE Publications. It publishes original research and review articles. The journal covers all types of foamed plastics such as flexible rigid and microcellular.
 The East Belfast Herald is a defunct paid for weekly newspaper which circulated across Belfast Castlereagh Dundonald and parts of the Ards Peninsula Northern Ireland. It was launched on 16th January 2009.
 In the Middle of the Night is a young adult suspense novel by Robert Cormier. It was published in 1995.
 For the pop singer see Whigfield.Wigfield: The Can Do Town That Just May Not is a satirical novel by comedians Amy Sedaris Paul Dinello and Stephen Colbert three of the four creators of the Comedy Central show Strangers with Candy. It was first published on May 7 2003 by Hyperion Books. The book tells the story of a small town threatened by the impending destruction of a massive dam.
 Beyond Chutzpah: On the Misuse of Anti-Semitism and the Abuse of History is a book by Norman G. Finkelstein published by the University of California Press in August 2005.
 Law and Human Behavior is a bimonthly academic journal published by the American Psychology–Law Society. It publishes original empirical papers reviews and meta-analyses on how the law legal system and legal process relate to human behavior particularly legal psychology and forensic psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Margaret Bull Kovera (John Jay College of Criminal Justice).
 Indigenous Peoples in International Law (ISBN 0-19517-350-3) is a book written by James Anaya. According to the author the central contention of this book is that international law although once an instrument of colonialism has developed and continues to develop however grudgingly or imperfectly to support indigenous peoples’ demands.
 Gods of Manhattan is a 2008 children's novel by Scott Mebus. The book was first released on April 17 2008 through Dutton Penguin and follows a young boy that has discovered a city that runs parallel to Manhattan.
 By Schism Rent Asunder is a science fiction book written by David Weber. It is the second book in the open-ended Safehold series after Off Armageddon Reef. The publication date was July 22 2008. The third book in the series is named By Heresies Distressed
 Bookbird: A Journal of International Children's Literature is an academic journal that publishes articles on children's literature with an international perspective. The journal is published jointly by the Johns Hopkins University Press on behalf of the International Board on Books for Young People.
 The Garments of Caean is the seventh novel by the science fiction author Barrington J. Bayley. He described it as being his attempt to create a Vancean space opera.
 The Great War in England in 1897 was written by William Le Queux and published in 1894.
 The Oxford Book of Modern Science Writing is an anthology of well-respected scientific writings arranged and introduced by Richard Dawkins of the University of Oxford. Published first in March 2008 it contains 83 writings on many topics from a diverse variety of authors which range in length from under a page to approximately eight pages. All inclusions are dated post-1900 and include poetry anecdotes and general philosophical musings.
 The Cathedral Clergy (Соборяне Sobory′ane) also translated as Cathedral Folk is a novel by Nikolai Leskov a series of romantic chronicles (as the author called them) of the imaginary town of Stargorod.It was first published in ##4-7 1872 issues of The Russian Messenger magazine and formed a trilogy with Old Years in Plodomasovo (1869) and A Decayed Family (1874).
 The History of British Political Parties also referred to as Politico's Guide to the History of British Political Parties is a reference book about political parties in the United Kingdom. Written by David Boothroyd it was published in 2001 by Politico's Publishing Ltd and distributed in the United States by International Specialized Book Services (ISBS). At the time of the book's publication Boothroyd worked as a researcher with Parliamentary Monitoring Services.
 Characters of Shakespear's Plays is an 1817 book of criticism of Shakespeare's plays written by early nineteenth century English essayist and literary critic William Hazlitt. Composed in reaction to the neoclassical approach to Shakespeare's plays typified by Dr. Johnson it was among the first English-language studies of Shakespeare's plays to follow the manner of German critic A. W.
 The Bristol Herald Courier is a 39000 circulation daily newspaper owned by Berkshire Hathaway. The newspaper is located in Bristol Virginia a small city located in Southwest Virginia on the Tennessee border. The Herald Courier is in what the media industry calls a converged newsroom meaning its online (www.tricities.com) print (Herald Courier) and broadcast (WJHL-Johnson City) operations work together closely.
 The Journal of the Korean Astronomical Society is a bimonthly open access peer-reviewed scientific journal of astronomy published by the Korean Astronomical Society. It covers original work review articles and conference proceedings from all branches of astronomy and astrophysics. The journal was established in 1968 and the editor-in-chief is Changbom Park.
 The Best Christmas Pageant Ever (titled The Worst Kids in the World in Australia New Zealand and the UK) is a book written by Barbara Robinson in 1971. It tells the story of Imogene Claude Ralph Leroy Ollie and Gladys six delinquent children surnamed Herdman who engage in misfit behavior for their age such as smoking drinking jug wine and shoplifting. They go to church for the first time after being told that the church offers snacks.
 International Journal of Social Welfare is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. The journal was established in 1992 and covers topics associated with social welfare and social work and their regional and global implications. The current editor-in-chief is Sven Hessle.
 Linguistic and Philosophical Investigations is a peer-reviewed philosophy journal that publishes articles that treat the foundations of language; the journal deals with linguistic and philosophical issues.
 Windfall is a novel written by English author Desmond Bagley and was first published in 1982. It was the last of his works to be published within his lifetime.
 Because I'M the Goddess! (神様だもの Kami-sama da Mono) is a comedy manga series created by Shamneko and published in Japan by Wani Books. A 3-volume English translation was released by Tokyopop. The story is about a boy named Aoi who upon meeting Pandora a Goddess reluctantly helps her collect gifts she needs to become a complete Goddess.
 Le Procès-Verbal (English title: The Interrogation) is the first novel of French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio about a troubled man named Adam Pollo who struggles to contextualize what he sees and to negotiate often disturbing ideas while simultaneously navigating through for him life’s absurdity and emptiness.
 Shadow Lord is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Laurence Yep.
 Mel Oliver and Space Rover on Mars is a science fiction novel by William Morrison (pseudonym of Joseph Samachson). It was released in 1954 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies.
 Conan the Freebooter is a 1968 collection of five fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. Most of the stories originally appeared in the fantasy magazine Weird Tales in the 1930s. The book has been reprinted a number of times since by various publishers and has also been translated into German Spanish Portuguese Dutch Swedish Italian and Japanese.
 The Temple of the Golden Pavilion (金閣寺 Kinkaku-ji) is a novel by the Japanese author Yukio Mishima. It was published in 1956 and translated into English by Ivan Morris in 1959.
 Alberta Views (also AlbertaViews) is a general interest magazine published in Calgary Alberta Canada that covers political social and cultural issues in the province of Alberta. Its monthly circulation is 20000 copies. Alberta Views was named Canadian Magazine of the Year at the 2009 National Magazine Awards. John Ralston Saul calls Alberta Views “the new model for what a magazine can be in Canada.”
 Assault at Selonia is the second book in the The Corellian Trilogy which include Ambush at Corellia and Showdown at Centerpoint.
 Net Locality: Why Location Matters in a Networked World (2011) is a textbook written by Eric Gordon and Adriana de Souza e Silva. The book revolves around a brand new concept that Gordon and de Souza e Silva call Net Locality. Net Locality is locational awareness based on mobile technologies. This book delves deep into how individuals and societies interact with their environment when virtually everything thing they do is traceable and locatable.
 The Good Terrorist is a 1985 novel by Doris Lessing. The story examines the events in the life of a well-intentioned squatter Alice who is drawn into organising acts of violence.
 The Jewish Daily Forward (Yiddish: פֿאָרווערטס; Forverts) colloquially called The Forward is a Jewish-American national newspaper published in New York City. The publication began in 1897 as a Yiddish-language daily issued by dissidents from the Socialist Labor Party of Daniel DeLeon. As a nonprofit publication loosely affiliated with the Socialist Party of America Forverts achieved massive circulation and considerable political influence during the first three decades of the 20th Century.
 Al-Alam is an arabophone Moroccan daily newspaper.
 The Journal of Biomedical Science is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of basic medical sciences. It was established in 1994 and initially published by Springer Science+Business Media. Since 2009 it has been published by BioMed Central after which it became open access. Originally the journal was published quarterly before changing its frequency to bimonthly in 1996. The editor-in-chief is Wen-Chang Chang (Taipei Medical University).
 A Strange Discovery is an 1899 novel by Charles Romyn Dake and is a sequel to Edgar Allan Poe's The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket which was published in 1838. It follows the experiences of the narrator an Englishman during his stay in Bellevue Illinois (see below) and his encounter with Dirk Peters Pym's sailor companion in Poe's novel. On his deathbed Peters relates the missing conclusion to Poe's tale.
 Disambiguation: for the mate of Swift Wind with this name see Star Wind (unicorn)Star Wind (1986) is a young adult novel by American writer Linda Woolverton.
 Pukupuku Natural Circular Notice (ぷくぷく天然かいらんばん Pukupuku Tennen Kairanban) is a shōjo manga by Sayuri Tatsuyama (creator of Happy Happy Clover). It was published by Shogakukan in the magazine Ciao from 1999 to 2005 and collected in ten tankōbon volumes. In 2002 it won the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga. The author based the series on her own pet.[citation needed]
 The Journal of Teacher Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editors are Stephanie L. Knight Gwendolyn M. Lloyd and Fran Arbaugh (Pennsylvania State University). It has been in publication since 1950 and is currently published by SAGE Publications is association with American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education.
 Green Fire is a science fiction novel by author John Taine (pseudonym of Eric Temple Bell). It was first published in 1928 by E. P. Dutton. The novel was adapted and produced as a play.
 The Gazette is a daily newspaper published in the American city of Cedar Rapids Iowa. The first paper was published as an evening journal branded the Evening Gazette on Wednesday January 10 1883 and sold for 3¢; it presently sells for 75¢.[citation needed] The newspaper is distributed throughout northeastern and east-central Iowa including the Cedar Rapids and Iowa City metropolitan areas. It was formerly called the Cedar Rapids Gazette.
 The Odessaer Zeitung (English: Odessean Newspaper) was a German newspaper from Odessa founded in 1861.It was published 3 times a week later daily except on Sundays and holidays. Some of its volumes can be found at the library of the German Institut für Auslandsbeziehungen.
 I Don't Mean to be Rude but... is a 2003 autobiography book from popular television personality and music critic Simon Cowell. The book gives an insight into Simon Cowell's life as well as backstage gossip and tips on how to be successful.
 Kujum Chantu the Universe lay on her back... so begins River of Stories regarded as one of the first Indian graphic novels written and illustrated by Orijit Sen. This short work tells the story of the environmental social and political issues surrounding the construction of the controversial Narmada. It was published with the help of a small grant from an NGO.
 Prisoner of Haven is a fantasy novel set in the world of Dragonlance. It was written by Nancy Varian Berberick. It is volume four of the six volume book series The Age of Mortals. It is set in the year 421 AC (After Cataclysm) also known as 38 SC (Second Cataclysm).
 Vanina Vanini is a short story published in 1829 by Stendhal (1783–1842) the nom de plume of Marie-Henri Beyle. Set in 1830s during the early Risorgimento when Italy was under Austrian control it concerns the love affair of a young Roman princess and a revolutionary carbonaro.
 Young King (ヤングキング Yangu Kingu) is a biweekly seinen manga magazine published in Japan by Shōnen Gahosha aimed primarily at male audiences mostly older teens and young adults. It is the sister publication of Monthly Young King and Young King OURs and was originally founded in 1987 as the sister publication of the now-discontinued Shōnen King. As of 2008 the circulation is about 230000.
 Lion Books Series (ライオンブックス Riaon Bukkusu) was a 1950s Japanese manga series published by Shueisha into the Omoshiro Book as a supplement. The same company would publish Lion Books II into Weekly Shōnen Jump in the 1970s which would commonly be referred to as The New Lion Books. The series was partially adapted into an experimental anime series in the 1980s and 90s.
 Galileo's Dream (2009) is a science fiction novel with elements of historical fiction written by author Kim Stanley Robinson. It describes the life of 17th century scientist and astronomer Galileo Galilei and the far-future society living on the Galilean moons he discovered.It was published in hardcover on August 6 2009 in the UK and on December 29 2009 in the USA.
 Love Hina (ラブ ひな Rabu Hina) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ken Akamatsu. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine by Kodansha from October 21 1998 to October 31 2001 and was published in 14 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha. The series tells the story of Keitaro Urashima and his attempts to find the girl with whom he made a childhood promise to enter Tokyo University.
 Record of Xuan He Era Tribute Tea in Bei Yuan District (simplified Chinese: 宣和北苑贡茶录; traditional Chinese: 宣和北苑貢茶錄; pinyin: Xūan hé běi yuàn gòng chā lù) is a book written by Xiong Fan during the Song Dynasty.The book contains detailed descriptions of the names of various tribute tea cakes and their packaging some even with dimensions.
 The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil is a novella by short story writer George Saunders; it is 130 pages long. The novella was written at Syracuse University New York where Saunders is a creative writing professor.
 The Mirrored Heavens is a science fiction novel by David J. Williams. This is the author's debut novel and the first volume in his Autumn Rain trilogy which continues with The Burning Skies and The Machinery Of Light. The story begins in the year 2110 where global political power is balanced between the United States and the Eurasian Coalition (a primarily Chinese and Russian alliance).
 Ethical Theory and Moral Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of philosophy established in 1998 and published five times a year by Springer Science+Business Media. It publishes articles in English focusing on ethics and related fields. It is edited by A. W. Musschenga and F. R. Heeger.
 Millennium is a 1983 science fiction novel by John Varley. Varley later turned this novel into the script for the 1989 film Millennium both of which are based on Varley's short story Air Raid which was published in 1977. It was nominated for the Philip K. Dick Award in 1983 and for both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1984.
 Against the Current: Essays in the History of Ideas is a collection of essays by 20th century philosopher and historian of ideas Isaiah Berlin. Published in 1979 the collection was edited by Henry Hardy and featured an introduction by Roger Hausheer. The book collects previously published essays in which Berlin discusses the thoughts of 20th century ideologic dissenters who were opposed to the prevailing wisdom of their time.
 Theatre Journal is a quarterly academic journal established in 1949 and an official publication of The Association for Theatre in Higher Education. It covers the field of performing arts and features social and historical research production reviews and theoretical inquiries. It also publishes special issues focusing on narrower topics of interest to students of theatre. The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 Unknown Worlds of Science Fiction was a 1970s black-and-white science fiction comics magazine published by Marvel Comics' parent company Magazine Management.
 Big Al is an Off-Broadway play by Brian Goluboff that went up at the Arclight Theatre. It was originally a 1991 play that premiered at the Ensemble Studio Theatre's marathon then 1992 at the American Jewish Theatre and in 1993 it was a 24 minute film on Showtime. It then was a one-act play that premiered at Man In The Moon Theatre in London in 1996.
 The Big Splash is a 1990 book written by Louis A. Frank with Patrick Huyghe. In the book Frank claims to have found scientific evidence that every year millions of small comets (made of ice and water) strike the Earth's atmosphere and that these comets created Earth's lakes rivers and oceans. While many scientists dispute Frank's hypothesis he continues to argue that there are tests which can be performed which would either rule it out or confirm it.
 The Other (original Spanish title: El otro) is a 1972 short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges collected in the anthology The Book of Sand. It is about a meeting between an older Borges and a younger Borges in Cambridge Massachusetts. In the dialogue the young man refers to the novella The Double: A Petersburg Poem by Dostoevsky. While the younger man cites his romantic vision about a brotherhood of man the older Borges reveals his doubt about the existence of a single man.
 AM New York amNewYork is a morning free daily newspaper. (The Friday edition is combined with the Saturday/Sunday issues) published in New York City by Cablevision. According to the company average daily distribution as of December 2008 was 345053 according to MondoNewspapers.com. When the newspaper launched October 10 2003 amNewYork was the first newspaper of its kind in New York City.
 Dragonkeeper is a children's fantasy novel by Australian author Carole Wilkinson. It is the first book of the Dragonkeeper trilogy. The second book is Garden of the Purple Dragon first published in 2005 and the third Dragon Moon first published in 2007. There is also a prequel to the original Dragonkeeper novel called Dragon Dawn. Dragonkeeper won several Australian awards including the 2003 Aurealis Award for best young-adult novel.The novel is set in ancient China during the Han Dynasty.
 Slitz was a Swedish men's magazine similar to Maxim or FHM.
 Loving Frank is an American novel by Nancy Horan published in 2007. It tells the story of Mamah Borthwick and her illicit love affair with Frank Lloyd Wright amidst the public shame they experienced in early twentieth century America. This fictional account told from a new perspective that of little known Mamah is based on research conducted by first time novelist Nancy Horan.
 Wiener Zeitung is an Austrian newspaper. It is one of the most famous newspapers in Europe and one of the oldest still published newspapers in the world. It is the official publication used by the Government of the Republic of Austria for its formal announcements. It was founded in 1703 under the name Wiennerisches Diarium. The first issue appeared on 8 August 1703.
 New Rules: Polite Musings from A Timid Observer is a 2005 book published by Rodale Books by comedian Bill Maher. The book is a commentary on a variety of subjects ranging from cell phones to celebrities to politics. It is the first book in his New Rules trilogy.The publication plays off Bill Maher's segment on HBO's Real Time With Bill Maher which is also named New Rules. The Rules are suggestions made by Maher to the general public.
 Easy Milano is a fortnightly magazine for the English speaking community of Milan. The publication lists businesses and associations relevant to international expats as well as bilingual Italians.Easy Milano was founded in 1999 by Editor in Chief Amie Louie and partner Aaron Pugliesi.
 Cat Sense is a 2013 Documentary book written by John Bradshaw. It was published on August the 15th 2013 and was chosen by the New York Times as one of its best-sellers in 2013.It was also publicly speaking well received and praised for its humorist approach of its subject Cat Psychology.As such major newspapers and radios gave good reviews such as NPR which put it in its 2013 Great Reads.
 Natsuiro Kiseki (夏色キセキ lit. A Summer-Colored Miracle) is a Japanese anime television series produced by Sunrise and directed by Seiji Mizushima. The series aired on MBS between April and June 2012. A manga adaptation illustrated by Tatsuhiko was serialized in Square Enix's Young Gangan magazine between January 2012 and March 2013.
 What Goes Up is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1956 and later anthologized in Tales from the White Hart. Like the rest of the collection it is a frame story set in the fictional pub White Hart where Harry Purvis narrates the secondary tale. The title is a reference to the common phrase What goes up must come down.
 Until I Find You (2005) is the 11th published novel by John Irving. The novel was originally written in first person and only changed 10 months before publication. After realizing that so much of the material—childhood sexual abuse; a long-lost father who eventually ends up in a mental institution—was too close to his own experiences Irving postponed publication of the novel while he rewrote it entirely in third person.
 24 for 3 is a 2007 novella by Jennie Walker (a pen name of English poet Charles Boyle); it won the 2008 McKitterick Prize. (awarded to authors over 40 for their first novel) and was selected by Karl Miller of the Times Literary Supplement as one of his books of the year in 2008.
 Hetalia: Axis Powers (Axis Powers ヘタリア Akushisu Pawāzu Hetaria) is a Japanese webcomic later adapted as a manga and an anime series by Hidekaz Himaruya (日丸屋秀和 Himaruya Hidekazu). The series' main presentation is as an often over-the-top allegory of political and historic events as well as more general cultural comparisons.
 Allal is a short story written by American writer composer and world traveler Paul Bowles. This story was first published in Rolling Stone Magazine on January 27 1977 and since has been included in many compilation short story books. Allal is about an outcast boy and his fascination with a pet snake that eventually leads to his very unusual death. This short story contains many Gothic Fiction themes such as loneliness human attraction to one's own atavistic natures and the uncanny.
 Gene is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in genetics focusing on the cloning structure and function of genes. Gene has been published since 1976 by Elsevier.Its impact factor in 2008 was 2.578 with Journal of Bacteriology Journal of Biological Chemistry Nucleic Acids Research Molecular Microbiology and Applied and Environmental Microbiology as the most citing journals.
 Silent No More: Victim 1's Fight for Justice Against Jerry Sandusky is a 2012 book by Aaron Fisher identified as Victim 1 in the Penn State child sex abuse scandal. Fisher is called Victim 1 because it was his reporting his abuse to high school officials that set off the investigation that led to Sandusky's conviction.
 The Daily News Journal commonly abbreviated to DNJ is a newspaper serving Murfreesboro Tennessee Rutherford County and surrounding communities. Published in Murfreesboro it serves as the primary local newspaper with competition from The Murfreesboro Post and other publications. The newspaper is not in competition with The Tennessean of Nashville as both are owned by Gannett Company.The roots the DNJ date back to 1849 and the founding of Murfreesboro News.
 Poor Little Bitch Girl is the twenty-seventh novel by English novelist Jackie Collins. It was released on 4 October 2009 in the United Kingdom and 9 February 2010 in the United States.The book stemmed from an idea that Collins was working on for a television series about heiresses entitled Rich Girls. The series was ultimately never made and so she adapted the material for a novel.
 Philip Dru: Administrator: A Story of Tomorrow 1920-1935 is a futuristic political novel published anonymously in 1912 by Edward Mandell House an American diplomat politician and presidential foreign policy advisor.
 The Complete Psionics Handbook is a supplemental rulebook for the 2nd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1991 by TSR Inc.
 Chief Detective Kenichi (ケン1探偵長 Kenichi Tantei Chou) is a manga series by Osamu Tezuka published in Kodansha's Shōnen Club from June 1954 to December 1956.
 Vinyl Cafe Unplugged (2000) is Stuart McLean's third volume of stories that first aired on the CBC Radio program The Vinyl Cafe. In 2001 it won the Stephen Leacock Award for Humour.
 Anastasia's Chosen Career (1987) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry. It is the seventh part of a series of books that Lowry wrote about Anastasia and her younger brother Sam.
 Chemical Research in Toxicology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1988 by the American Chemical Society. It is currently abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service Scopus EBSCOhost PubMed CABI Science Citation Index Expanded and SwetsWise.As of January 2013 the editor-in-chief is Stephen S.
 Gakuen Utopia Manabi Straight! (がくえんゆーとぴあ まなびストレート! Gakuen Yūtopia Manabi Sutorēto! often shortened to Manabi Straight!) is a Japanese manga series created by the animation studio Ufotable and illustrated by Japanese artist Tartan Check. The manga was serialized in the Japanese manga magazine Dengeki Daioh published by MediaWorks between December 1 2005 and December 21 2007.
 Le Fils naturel (English: The Natural Son) is a 1757 play by Denis Diderot. This play tells the story of Dorval a young man of unknown parentage who is welcomed into the family of Clairville and his widow sister Constance. Rosalie Clairville's fiancé also lives there. Dorval and Rosalie fall in love and Dorval struggles with his love for Rosalie and his respect for Clairville.
 Technics and Time 1: The Fault of Epimetheus (French: La technique et le temps 1: La faute d'Épiméthée) is a book by the French philosopher Bernard Stiegler first published by Galilée in 1994.The English translation by George Collins and Richard Beardsworth was published by Stanford University Press in 1998.
 Visst katten har djuren själ - En samling historier av och för djurvänner in Swedish and Jovisst har dyrene sjel in Norwegian (in English Sure an Animal Has a Soul - An Anthology of Tales about and for our Animal Friends; this book has not has been translated into English) is a non-fictional theme book about animals written by Norwegian-Swedish author Margit Sandemo.
 Guardian Angel is the fourteenth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore and the second book of the Aramov series the sequel series to the best-selling CHERUB series which was published between 2004 and 2010. This carries on from the series featuring long-standing central character James Adams. The series has a new central character called Ryan Sharma.
 The Herald and News is a daily newspaper serving the city of Klamath Falls and Klamath County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It also distributes east into Lake County. The publisher is Heidi Wright and the editor is Gerry O'Brien. The Herald and News is a 15000-circulation daily with a staff of 27. The morning paper is published six days a week skipping Mondays.
 Butterfly is a 2009 young adult fiction novel by Sonya Hartnett about the troubled adolescence of Plum Coyle set in 1980s Australian suburbia.
 House of Raging Women is the fifth album of the American comics series Love and Rockets written and drawn by Los Bros Hernandez Gilbert and Jaime and published in 1988.The cover of the compilation is by Jaime Hernandez (Xaime) the back cover by Gilbert (Beto).
 Bristol Live Magazine is a print magazine offering interviews reviews and live music listings for the cities of Bristol and Bath.Founded in February 2012 as Fear Of Fiction Magazine by now-editor Loki Lillistone it publishes one print issue per month as well as online content from Monday to Friday.
 Social Science Japan Journal (SSJJ) is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal covering Japan in social scientific perspective semiannually published by Oxford University Press. SSJJ’s editorial board is located at the Institute of Social Science the University of Tokyo and supported by the international advisory board members including Andrew Gordon (Harvard University) Carol Gluck (Columbia University) Jomo Kwame Sundaram (United Nations) and J. Victor Koschmann (Cornell University).
 The Displaced Person is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was published in 1955 in her short story collection A Good Man Is Hard to Find. A devout Roman Catholic O'Connor often used religious themes in her work and her own family hired a displaced person after World War II.
 The Princess Diaries Volume III: Princess in Love (released in the United Kingdom as Princess Diaries: Third Time Lucky) is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2002 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the third book in the series.
 The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse is a novel by the British author Robert Rankin. It is Rankin's 24th novel and his first for new publishers Gollancz. It is set in Toy City (formerly Toy Town) a place where toys are alive and the characters from nursery rhymes are local celebrities. It is followed by a sequel The Toyminator.
 AIP Advances is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Institute of Physics. It was established in March 2011. It covers all aspects of physics both experimental and theoretical. Submissions are peer-reviewed to assess accuracy and originality while impact timeliness and interest are judged a posteriori through online discussion and ranking tools.
 TV Century 21 later renamed TV21 (from issue 155) TV21 and Tornado (from issue 192) TV21 and Joe 90 (from issue 243) TV21 (from issue 278) and TV21 and Valiant (from issue 347) was a weekly British children's comic published by City Magazines during the latter half of the 1960s. It promoted the many science-fiction television series created by the Century 21 Productions company of Gerry and Sylvia Anderson.
 Nonprofit and Voluntary Sector Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the nonprofit and voluntary sector. The journal's editors-in-chief are Femida Handy (University of Pennsylvania) Jeffrey L. Brudney (University of North Carolina Wilmington) and Lucas Meijs (Erasmus University Rotterdam). It was established in 1972 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for Research on Nonprofit Organizations and Voluntary Action.
 We Are In America (also known as Anachnu B’America in Hebrew) is a free monthly magazine tailored to Jewish Israelis living in the United States and focuses on culture community events and the Jewish Israeli lifestyle. It is written in Hebrew. The magazine was founded in 2006 and the first issue was published in August 2006.
 Caijing (财经) is an independent magazine based in Beijing China that publishes articles exploring the challenges of a society in political and economic transition with a focus on civil rights public affairs and business. The publication's title means Finance and Economics Magazine. Caijing seeks to have an independent standpoint exclusive coverage and unique perspective and much of its success is due to its independent and sometimes aggressive coverage of corruption.
 See Rory Williams for the Doctor Who character.The Last Centurion is a 2008 stand-alone novel by John Ringo. It is written in blog style from the point of view of a US Army officer known as Bandit Six. The novel is set in a post apocalyptic world that has been ravaged by a brief ice age and disease.
 The Pittsburgh Tribune-Review also known as the Trib is the second largest daily newspaper serving metropolitan Pittsburgh Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Crossings is a 1982 novel that was written by Danielle Steel. The book is Steel's fourteenth novel.
 Binary is a techno-thriller novel written by Michael Crichton in 1972 under the pen-name John Lange. Michael Crichton also directed Pursuit a TV-Movie version. The story of both the book and the film revolve around a deadly nerve agent composed by combining two different chemicals. Hard Case Crime will republish the novel under Crichton's name on October 29 2013.
 Butterflies Are Free is a play by Leonard Gershe.Loosely based on the life of attorney Harold Krents the plot revolves around a Manhattan blind man whose controlling mother disapproves of his relationship with a free-spirited hippie. The title was inspired by a passage in Charles Dickens' Bleak House: I only ask to be free. The butterflies are free.
 Magic Inc. (1940) is a novella by Robert A. Heinlein. It was originally published in Unknown Fantasy Fiction for September 1940 under the title The Devil Makes the Law.In the story magic is a commonplace profession used by businessmen in various fields. A small business owner fights off an attempt force magic under the control of a corrupt association called Magic Inc. The story is included in the book Waldo & Magic Inc..
 Soko o Nantoka (そこをなんとか) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mikoto Asō. It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series in 2012 and it will be adapted into a second TV drama in 2014.
 Me and the Devil Blues (Japanese: 俺と悪魔のブルーズ Hepburn: Ore to Akuma no Buruuzu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Hiramoto about the blues legend Robert Johnson. It was originally serialized in Kodansha's Afternoon. The manga is licensed in North America by Del Rey Manga and in France by Kana. School Library Journal named Me and the Devil Blues as one of the best adult books for high school students in 2008.
 Offshore (1979) is a novel by Penelope Fitzgerald. It won the Booker Prize for that year. It recalls her time spent on boats in Battersea by the Thames. The novel centralizes around the idea of liminality expanding upon it to include the notion: 'liminal people' people who do not belong to the land or the sea but somewhere in-between.
 Advanced Functional Materials is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in February 2001 is published by Wiley-VCH. However it has been published under other titles since 1985.
 Dancing Barefoot is a book of memoirs written by writer and actor Wil Wheaton and illustrated by illustrator Ben Claassen III. In Spring of 2003 Wheaton founded the independent publishing company Monolith Press and released the book (ISBN 0-9741160-0-9).
 Sonnet 79 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare. It's part of the Fair Youth sequence in which the poet expresses his love towards a young man.
 M*A*S*H Mania is a novel written by H. Richard Hornberger under the pseudonym Richard Hooker and originally published in 1977. After a series of M*A*S*H novels that were ghostwritten and not actually written by Hornberger M*A*S*H Mania was his first book since M*A*S*H Goes to Maine (1972).
 ChartAttack is a Canadian online music publication. Formerly a monthly print magazine called Chart which was published from 1991 to 2009 the web version continues operation.Launched in 1991 as National Chart the magazine was started by York University students Edward Skira and Nada Laskovski as a tipsheet and airplay chart for campus radio stations in Canada. The magazine soon grew to include interviews CD reviews and other features.
 Atla (1886) is a fantasy novel by Ann Eliza Smith. It is a tale about the discovery of the Atlantis civilization by the Phoenicians.
 Gears of War: The Slab is a 2012 science fiction novel by Karen Traviss set in the Gears of War universe. The novel is the last in a series of five following Gears of War: Coalition's End. The events of The Slab take place before Gears of War and focus on Marcus Fenix's time in Jacinto Maximum Security Prison.
 Liberty and Nature: An Aristotelian Defense of Liberal Order is political philosophy book written by Douglas B. Rasmussen and Douglas J. Den Uyl.
 The European Journal of Epidemiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal on the epidemiology of communicable and non-communicable diseases and their control. The editor in chief is Albert Hofman (Erasmus Medical Center Rotterdam The Netherlands)
 Historia de San Martín y de la emancipación sudamericana (Spanish: History of San Martín and the South American emancipation) is a biography of José de San Martín written by Bartolomé Mitre in 1869. Along with his biography of Manuel Belgrano it is one of the earliest major works of the historiography of Argentina.
 A for Anything is a science fiction novel by Damon Knight. The author postulates the discovery in the near future of the Gismo a device that can duplicate anything—even another Gismo.
 Asana Journal is the first and only international Yoga magazine published from India both in English and Tamil focusing on Yoga Naturopathy and wellbeing.
 Epileptic Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering manifestations diagnosis and management of seizure disorders particularly epilepsy.
 The Revista Colombiana de Estadistica (English: Colombian Journal of Statistics) is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal on statistics published by the National University of Colombia. It covers research on statistics including applications statistics education and the history of statistics.
 The Research Magnificent is a 1915 novel by H. G. Wells.
 Pink (ピンク Pinku) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama that originally appeared in Shueisha magazine Fresh Jump in December 1982. It would later be featured in Akira Toriyama's Manga Theater Vol. 2 first published in March 1988. The story would go on to spawn an anime feature film in 1990.
 The European Physical Journal A: Hadrons and Nuclei is an academic journal recognized by the European Physical Society presenting new and original research results in a variety of formats including Regular Articles Reviews Tools for Experiment and Theory/Scientific Notes and Letters.
 Mid-Flinx (1995) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the sixth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.Alan Dean Foster revisits the setting of his earlier novel Midworld (1975) and affirms the planet as being part of his humanx/commonwealth universe by using the planet as a setting for Flinx's adventures.
 The Tao of Zen is a nonfiction book by Ray Grigg published by Charles E. Tuttle Company in 1994 and reprinted by Alva Press in 1999.The work argues that what we recognize as traditional Chinese Ch’an/Japanese Zen Buddhism is in fact almost entirely grounded in Chinese Taoist philosophy though this fact is well shrouded by the persistence of Mahayana Buddhist institutional trappings.
 Sayonara Jupiter (さよならジュピター Sayonara Jupitā) is a novel by Sakyo Komatsu released as two volumes. Komatsu adapted the story into the script for the 1984 film of the same name directed by Koji Hashimoto.
 Bound To Rise: Radical Ideas For The New Corporate World the second book by Indian author and communications expert Sunil Robert is a guide to young entrants to the corporate world. It is a part memoir and part self-help book advising young executives on how to deal with the high stress and constant pressure of the corporate environment and find fulfilment.
 Meie Maa is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Earth Is Room Enough is a collection of seventeen short science fiction and fantasy stories and two pieces of comic verse published by Isaac Asimov in 1957. In his autobiography In Joy Still Felt Asimov wrote I was still thinking of the remarks of reviewers such as George O. Smith . . . concerning my penchant for wandering over the Galaxy.
 Jasad (body in Arabic) is an Arabic-language cultural magazine based in Beirut specializing in the literature art and science of the body.
 Art History is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association of Art Historians. The journal was established in 1978. Art History provides an international forum for research relating to all aspects of the historical and theological study of painting sculpture architecture design and other areas of visual culture.
 Company is a book written by Max Barry. In 2006 it became Barry's third published novel following Jennifer Government in 2003. The novel is set in a modern corporation.
 The Secret Lovers (1977) is American author Charles McCarry's third novel and the third novel in the Paul Christopher series.
 The Elves of Alfheim is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Mission Times Courier is a monthly community newspaper published in San Diego California by Mission Publishing Group LLC. The newspaper was founded May 11 1995 by Sally and Jim Madaffer. The Mission Times Courier carries news of local community interest covering the San Diego communities of Allied Gardens College Del Cerro Grantville Rolando and San Carlos.
 The Hit is a 2013 book by David Baldacci. This is the second book to feature Will Robie the highly skilled U.S. Government assassin who first appeared in Baldacci's 2012 novel The Innocent. The next book of the series 'The Target' shall be published in 2014.
 The Holyoke Transcript-Telegram or T‑T was an afternoon daily newspaper covering the city of Holyoke Massachusetts USA and adjacent portions of Hampden County and Hampshire County.Published as a daily since 1882 the newspaper folded in January 1993 after four years of heavy losses.
 Die Südostschweiz (literally The Southeastern Switzerland) is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published by Südostschweiz Mediengruppe in Chur Graubünden.
 Lowrider Magazine is a monthly magazine about cars focusing almost exclusively on the style known as a lowrider. The magazine has also released a series of videos available on VHS and DVD. It was founded in 1977 with the first issue coming out of San Jose California. There is also a clothes brand based from the magazine located at https://lowriderclothing.com . It is known for its loose fit hand woven flannel shirts.
 Musashi (宮本武蔵 Miyamoto Musashi) is a Japanese novel written by Eiji Yoshikawa. It was serialized in 1935 in the newspaper Asahi Shimbun.
 Molecular Neurodegeneration is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the molecular mechanisms underlying neurodegeneration especially as pertaining to neurodegenerative diseases. The journal was established in 2006 and is published by BioMed Central. The editors-in-chief are Guojun Bu (Mayo Clinic) and Huaxi Xu (Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute).
 Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur is a novella written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. It is one of the first published texts he wrote. This novella was published in book form after the famous Le Procès-Verbal (The Official Report) his first novel which won the Renaudot Prize in 1963. This novella was also included in a collection of short stories entitled La fièvre (The Fever) (pages 60 to 87).
 The Retaliators was the seventeenth novel in the Matt Helm secret agent novel series by Donald Hamilton. It was first published in 1976. It was nominated for an Edgar Award in the paperback original category.
 1969: The Year Everything Changed is a narrative history book written by American author and editor Rob Kirkpatrick published in 2009 by Skyhorse Publishing.
 Critical Sociology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Sociology. The journal's editor is David Fasenfest (Wayne State University). It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Balabhumi (Malayalam: ബാലഭൂമി) is a Malayalam comic magazine published by Mathrubhumi Publications. It was launched in 1996.It is the first Malayalam comic magazine to syndicate Disney Comics. Currently the magazine features translated Ben 10 comics it enjoys a good popularity in kerala inspiring the publishers (mathrubhumi group ) to start a couple of other childrens weekly's .
 Destroyer of Worlds is a novel set in the Known Space series by Larry Niven and Edward M. Lerner. It is a sequel to their previous novels Fleet of Worlds and Juggler of Worlds. It is set ten years after Juggler of Worlds drawing heavily from Protector but like the rest of the series can sit as a stand-alone.The plot involves New Terra and the Puppeteers (and the Gw'oth) entering into conflict with a Pak Protector fleet (though not the fleets featured in Protector).
 ViVi (ヴィヴィ) is a Japanese fashion magazine published by K L. ViVi is one of Asia's top fashion magazines and is published in Japan China Taiwan Hong Kong and Thailand. The target age group are teens and young women between 17–27 years old the main demographic of readers are college students and young office ladies.The magazines 'cover queen' is Ayumi Hamasaki who has been featured on the cover 24 times since 1999 and also runs her famous Deji Deji Diary in each issue.
 For the TV serial based on the novel see Tipping the Velvet (TV serial)Tipping the Velvet is a historical novel written by Sarah Waters published in 1998. Set in Victorian England during the 1890s it tells a coming of age story about a young woman named Nan who falls in love with a male impersonator follows her to London and finds various ways to support herself as she journeys through the city.
 The IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Communications Society that focuses on telecommunications. The journal was established in 1983 and the current editor-in-chief is Muriel Médard. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 3.413.
 Pot is a novel by Slovenian author Nejc Zaplotnik (sl). It was first published in 1981.
 And Then You Die is a novel by Michael Dibdin and is the eighth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series.
 The Jucklins is an 1896 novel by Opie Read. It was a best selling book in the United States (Read asserted that over one million copies were sold) though it never appeared on the best-sellers list in the The Bookman since its early and primary sales were of cheap paperback copies sold on trains and at newsstands.The story is set in the backwoods of North Carolina.
 Black Jack (ブラック・ジャック Burakku Jakku) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Osamu Tezuka in the 1970s dealing with the medical adventures of the title character doctor Black Jack.Black Jack consists of hundreds of short self-contained stories that are typically about 20 pages long. Black Jack has also been animated into an OVA two television series (directed by Tezuka's son Makoto Tezuka) and two films.
 Sherlock Bones also known as Sherdock the Detective Dog or Tanteiken Sherdock in Japan is the story of a young teenage boy who adopts a dog from the pound. Once the young boy discovers that his dog can talk with his grandfather's old pipe they go on adventures and solve crimes. The story is created by Yuma Ando with art by Yuki Sato. The manga was released to Japan in 2012 and translated to English officially in 2013.
 No Matter How I Look at It It’s You Guys' Fault I’m Not Popular! (私がモテないのはどう考えてもお前らが悪い! Watashi ga Motenai no wa dō Kangaetemo Omaera ga Warui!) known as WataMote (ワタモテ) for short is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nico Tanigawa. It began serialization on Square Enix's Gangan Comics Online service from August 4 2011 and is published by Yen Press in North America. A 4-panel spin-off manga began serialization in Gangan Joker from January 22 2013.
 Shave is both a print and online men's-lifestyle magazine created by Shave Media Group. Shave also syndicates content through news portals such as MSN.
 The Little Match Girl (Danish: Den Lille Pige med Svovlstikkerne meaning The little girl with the matchsticks) is a short story by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen. The story is about a dying child's dreams and hope and was first published in 1845. It has been adapted to various media including animated film and a television musical.
 Langit Makin Mendung (The Sky is Increasingly Cloudy) is a controversial Indonesian short story.
 Storm Warning is the ninth book in The 39 Clues series. It is written by Linda Sue Park and was released on May 25 2010. The geographical coordinates that appear on the ship on the book's cover (18 degrees 15 minutes north; 77 degrees 30 minutes west) indicate a point about six kilometers southeast of Albert Town Jamaica.The cover and title was revealed April 5 2010 by Entertainment Weekly.
 Trust the Saint is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris that originally appeared in The Saint Mystery Magazine and was first published in October 1962 by The Crime Club in the United States and by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom. This was the 35th book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint and was published around the time the character began to receive wide recognition through the TV series The Saint starring Roger Moore as Templar.
 Aldergrove Star is a newspaper in Aldergrove British Columbia.
 Finn Family Moomintroll (original Swedish title Trollkarlens hatt ‘The Magician's Hat’) is the third in the series of Tove Jansson's Moomins books published in 1948.
 The Fantasy/Science Fiction novel No Present Like Time (2005) by Steph Swainston is the sequel to the critically acclaimed The Year of Our War (2004).Again the Emperor’s winged messenger Jant is the protagonist of the story. The novel features a successful challenger to the position of Swordsman in the Emperor’s Circle of immortals and the rebellion of the former holder of that position.
 Venusberg is the second novel by the English writer Anthony Powell. Published in 1932 it is set in an unidentified Baltic country which draws clearly on Powell's experiences in Finland and Estonia. Some see the novel as part of the Ruritanian tradition (cf.
 Artiletra (a portmanteau of the Portuguese expression Arte e Letra meaning Art and Letter) is a Cape Verdean bi-monthly newspaper/magazine. It is headquartered in Mindelo and is the most circulated non-generalist newspaper in Cape Verde.[citation needed] Artiletra features articles and essays as well as literary fiction (short stories and poetry) often by prominent Cape Verdean writers covering topics such as the Cape Verdean culture education and science.
 Monokuro Kinderbook (Yellowbacks イエローバックス Ierōbakkusu) is a one-shot Japanese manga written by Kan Takahama (高浜 寛 Takahama Kan) and published by Seirindo. The manga consists of an anthology of unrelated stories on the darker side of life. The manga is licensed for an English-language release in North America by Ponent Mon and a French-language release in France by Casterman.
 Dream Eater Merry (夢喰いメリー Yumekui Merī) is a Japanese action fantasy manga series written and illustrated by Ushiki Yoshitaka. The series is serialized in Houbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Forward. The manga was adapted into an anime television series by J.C.Staff which aired in Japan between January 7 2011 and April 8 2011.
 Science Friction: Where the Known Meets the Unknown is a 2004 book by Michael Shermer a historian of science and founder of The Skeptics Society. It contains thirteen essays about personal barriers and biases that plague and propel science especially when scientists push against the unknown. What do we know and what do we not know? These include an essay relating the author's experience of a day spent learning cold reading techniques well enough to be accepted as a psychic.
 An Area of Darkness is a book written by V. S. Naipaul in 1964. It is a travelogue detailing Naipaul's trip through India in the early sixties. It was the first of Naipaul's acclaimed Indian trilogy which includes India: A Wounded Civilization and India: A Million Mutinies Now. A deeply pessimistic work An Area of Darkness conveys the acute sense of disillusionment which the author experiences on his first visit to his ancestral land.
 Fire was originally a two-issue creator-owned comic book mini-series written and drawn by Brian Michael Bendis and published by Caliber Comics. It was later republished as a single volume by Image Comics.Fire was among Bendis's first works to draw critical acclaim. Its success gave him a much wider audience and helped pave the way for A.K.A. Goldfish and Jinx.
 Earth Air Fire and Water is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 John Needham's Double is an 1885 novel and 1891 play by Joseph Hatton and 1916 silent film.
 Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War is a 618 page nonfiction book written by Robert M. Gates a former U.S. Secretary of Defense. It was published in January 2014 by Alfred A. Knopf. The time period is from 2006 to 2011 and includes the George W. Bush administration (2006–2009) the Obama administration (2009–2011) the Afghan war and the Iraq war.Narrated in first person point of view this record of events characterizes Secretary Gates' personal interactions with the U.S.
 The Priest's Spell Compendium is a series of three volumes of accessories for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Solomon's Stone is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the fantasy magazine Unknown Worlds for June 1942.
 Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens is a novel by J. M. Barrie published in 1906; it is one of four major literary works by Barrie featuring the widely known literary character he created Peter Pan.
 Over the Bar: A Personal Relationship with the GAA is a memoir by the Irish writer Breandán Ó hEithir describing his early life on Inishmore his education at University College Galway (where he subsequently dropped out) and his long-time involvement with the Gaelic Athletic Association.
 Death in the Steel City is a crime novel by the American writer Thomas Lipinski set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of Pittsburgh private detective Carroll Dorsey who is hired by an aging Jewish gangster to track an old mistress of his a black woman. In a subplot Dorsey’s father a powerful Pittsburgh political boss is on his deathbed.The novel is the fourth in a series of four Carroll Dorsey mysteries.
 Capital (ISBN 9780571234622) is a novel by John Lanchester published by Faber and Faber in 2012. The novel is set in London during the late 2010s and the title refers both to London as the capital city of the United Kingdom and to financial capital.
 Germany's Aims in the First World War (German title: Griff nach der Weltmacht: Die Kriegzielpolitik des kaiserlichen Deutschland 1914–1918) is a book by German Historian Fritz Fischer. It is one of the leading contributions to historical analysis of the Causes of World War I and along with this work War of Illusions (Krieg der Illusionen) gave rise to the Fischer Thesis on the causes of the war. The title translates as Grab for World Power. or Bid for World Power.
 Contemporary Sociology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal of sociology published by SAGE Publications in association with the American Sociological Association since 1972. Each issue of the journal publishes a large number of both in-depth and brief reviews of recent publications in sociology and related disciplines as well as a list of publications received that have not been reviewed. In 2010 the journal published just under 400 book reviews.
 Cancer Epidemiology (formerly known as Cancer Detection & Prevention) is a peer reviewed journal devoted to epidemiological cancer research.
 The War of Art is a 2002 non-fiction book written by the American author Steven Pressfield. Within it Pressfield highlights the different forms of Resistance faced by artists entrepreneurs athletes and others who are trying to break through its barriers. The book has a follow-up titled Do The Work. The Amazon Book Description: A succinct engaging and practical guide for succeeding in any creative sphere The War of Art is nothing less than Sun-Tzu for the soul.
 Takvim-i Vekayi (English: Calendar of Facts) was the first fully Turkish language newspaper. It was launched in 1831 by Sultan Mahmud II and was the Official Gazette of the Ottoman Empire. With the beginning of the Tanzimat reform period Takvim-i Vekayi produced Armenian Greek and Arabic language editions. It ceased publication in 1878 resuming in 1891-2 before being closed again. It resumed in 1908 until around 1922.
 Champagne Charlie is a play in which George Lemon a popular actor and The Great Vance his rival attempt to out-do the other with drinking songs (a little like some modern rap performances) and this turns into a feud. In this it reflects the 1860s London music hall rivalry between George Leybourne and Alfred Vance.A 1944 film was made based on this play starring Stanley Holloway and Tommy Trinder and directed by Alberto Cavalcanti.
 Hong Kong Comics: A History of Manhua is a reference book on Hong Kong comics. It was authored by Wendy Siuyi Wong and released in 2002.
 Fantasy Twin is a collection of fantasy novels by L. Sprague de Camp and Stanley G. Weinbaum. It was published in 1953 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 300 copies. The book is an omnibus of de Camps's The Undesired Princess and Weinbaum's The Dark Other created by combining unbound sheets from the publisher's previous editions of the two volumes.
 Pediatrics International is a peer reviewed open access journal for pediatrics published in English by the Japan Pediatrics Society.
 Morocco Times was an English language Moroccan Internet-based newspaper the first of its kind.
 Systematic & Applied Acarology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on mites and ticks published trianually by the Systematic & Applied Acarology Society.In 2012 the society's rapid journal for papers and monographs on mites and ticks Systematic & Applied Acarology Special Publications was merged with Systematic and Applied Acarology.
 The Final Testament of the Holy Bible is a novel written by James Frey published by Gagosian Gallery in 2011. The book is published in the UK by John Murray with the shortened title The Final Testament.
 The Secret Lore of Magic is a book by Idries Shah on the subject of magical texts. First published in 1957 it includes several major source-books of magical arts translated from French Latin Hebrew and other tongues annotated and fully illustrated with numerous diagrams signs and characters.
 Clover (クローバー Kurōbā) is a manga series created by Clamp a creative team made up by Satsuki Igarashi Ageha Ohkawa Tsubaki Nekoi and Mokona. The manga takes place in a dystopian future where the government is out to control the Clovers a race of children with special powers.Clover was serialized in Kodansha's Amie from 1997 until the magazine's demise in 1999.
 Millions is a children's novel published early in 2004 the first book by British screenwriter Frank Cottrell Boyce. It is an adaptation of his screenplay for the film Millions although it was released six months before the movie (September).
 The Checklist Manifesto is a 2009 non-fiction book by Atul Gawande. It was released on December 22 2009 through Metropolitan Books and focuses on the usage of checklists in relation to several different elements of daily and professional life. The book looks at the usage of checklists in the business world as well as the medical profession with Gawande examining how it could be used for greater efficiency.
 Song of the Birds is a 1985 collection of sayings stories and impressions of Pablo Casals made by cellist Julian Lloyd Webber.Casals was a Catalan and one of the world's most respected cellists.
 The Daily Progress is the sole daily newspaper in the vicinity of Charlottesville Virginia. It has been published daily since September 14 1892. The paper was founded by James Hubert Lindsay and his brother Frank Lindsay. The Progress was initially published six days a week; the first Sunday edition was printed in September 1968. Lindsay's family owned the paper for 78 years.
 Gay Life is a weekly newspaper about gay culture published by the LGBT Community Center of Baltimore and Central Maryland. It is distributed in Baltimore Maryland and throughout the Mid-Atlantic region.
 All Fall Down is a 2011 six-issue American comic book written by Casey Jones edited by William Marks and illustrated by a host of artists including Jason Reeves Gian Fernando Brian Brinlee Anvit Randeria Cirque Studios and Pericles Junior. It was published by Arcana Studios. The comic explores what happens to superheroes and supervillains who irrevocably lose their powers and deals with the notions of death and loss.
 The Nest of the Sparrowhawk: A Romance of the XVIIth Century was written by Baroness Orczy author of The Scarlet Pimpernel in 1909.
 Saint Seiya (聖闘士星矢 Seinto Seiya) also known as Saint Seiya: Knights of the Zodiac or simply Knights of the Zodiac is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masami Kurumada and serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1986 to 1990 and adapted into an anime TV series by Toei Animation from 1986 to 1989.The story follows five mystical warriors called the Saints (聖闘士 Seinto or Knights in some adaptations) who fight wearing sacred armors named Cloths (聖衣 Kurosu) the designs of which derive from the various constellations the characters have adopted as their destined guardian symbols and empowered by a mystical energy called Cosmo (小宇宙 Kosumo). 
 Homeboyz is a 2007 young adult fiction novel written by California teacher Alan Lawrence Sitomer. It is the third book of the Hoopster trilogy. The book won the Top Ten Picks for Reluctant Young Adult Readers award from the American Library Association in 2008.
 The Hawk is the weekly student newspaper of Saint Joseph's University. It appears in print and online and includes News Opinions Features and Sports sections as well as exclusively online Multimedia content. The paper is distributed on campus every Wednesday during the academic year at major campus locations such as the Post Learning Commons Campion Student Center Mandeville Hall Merion Hall and student residence halls.
 Politian (1835) is the only play known to have been written by Edgar Allan Poe composed in 1835 but never completed.The play is a fictionalized version of a true event in Kentucky: the murder of Solomon P. Sharp by Jereboam O. Beauchamp in 1825. The so-called Kentucky Tragedy became a national headline and attracted several fictional representations. Poe however chose to set his version in 16th century Rome.
 The Master is a novel by Irish writer Colm Tóibín. It is his fifth novel and it was shortlisted for the 2004 Booker Prize and received the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award the Lambda Literary Award the Los Angeles Times Novel of the Year Award and in France Le prix du meilleur livre étranger in 2005.
 How Doth the Simple Spelling Bee is a short story by Owen Wister that was published in book form in 1907. It is a satire about spelling reform efforts of the time which also humorously and in a good-natured manner pokes fun at academia in general and the folly of typical professors' endeavours. The story's protagonist is Chickle University professor Masticator B. Fellow and is about his efforts to enlist the story narrator's support for spelling reform.
 The Letterkenny People (formally the Letterkenny Listener) is a weekly freesheet published in Letterkenny County Donegal in northwest Ireland. The paper was originally distributed as the Letterkenny Listener in 2000 and took its current title in 2005. It is owned by Johnston Press through the holding company Derry Journal Newspapers. The Letterkenny People is not audited by the ABC but the company estimates its circulation at 5000.
 Structural and Multidisciplinary Optimization is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It is the official journal of the International Society of Structural and Multidisciplinary Optimization. It covers all aspects of designing optimal structures in stressed systems as well as multidisciplinary optimization techniques when one of the disciplines deals with structures (stressed solids) or fluids.
 Apex Hides the Hurt is a 2006 novel by American author Colson Whitehead. The novel follows an unnamed nomenclature consultant who is asked to visit the town of Winthrop which rather conveniently for the nomenclature consultant is considering changing its name. During his visit the main character is introduced to several citizens attempting to persuade him in favor of their preferred name for the town.The novel has received mostly positive reviews from critics with few negative comments.
 Asr-e Maa is a daily newspaper published in Iran.
 The Spirit of Dorsai is a collection of two science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Ace Books in 1979. The collection includes linking material and the stories are part of Dickson's Childe Cycle. The first story Amanda Morgan is original to this collection. The other Brothers originally appeared in the anthology Astounding edited by Harry Harrison.
 Citizen Jane is a 1999 true crime non-fiction book by James Dalessandro and David Mehnert about the real-life efforts of a woman to track down the con artist who murdered her aunt.In 2009 the book was adapted into a Hallmark Channel film starring Ally Sheedy Meat Loaf Sean Patrick Flanery and Nia Peeples.
 The Last Legends of Earth is a 1989 science fiction novel by A. A. Attanasio the fourth and final novel in his Radix Tetrad series. It contains the continuing story of the conflict between the humans zōtl Rimstalkers other spatial dimensions and time-travel/temporal distortion as do other novels in the tetrad though this novel is set in events before In Other Worlds.The book has been republished by Phoenix Pick an imprint of Arc Manor Publishers.
 Synthesis/Regeneration is an independently published quarterly magazine whose articles examine contemporary issues in environmental politics energy development energy policy climate change social change and social justice.Synthesis/Regeneration is the editorial confluence of two earlier magazines Green Synthesis and Regeneration.
 Datang Youxia Zhuan is a wuxia novel by Liang Yusheng. It was first serialised between 1 January 1963 and 14 June 1964 in the Hong Kong newspaper Ta Kung Pao. The novel is the first part of a trilogy and is followed by Longfeng Baochai Yuan and Huijian Xinmo.
 Pesti Napló was a Hungarian newspaper published from March 1850 to October 1939.
 Uncle Silas is a Victorian Gothic mystery-thriller novel by the Irish writer J. Sheridan Le Fanu. It is notable as an early example of the locked room mystery subgenre.
 Sojourn was a fantasy comic book series published by CrossGen about the adventures of the archer Arwyn and her friend Gareth as they traveled in a fantasy world with dragons trolls and magic. Starting in 2001 it ran for 35 issues (including a prequel) before it was forced to end by the bankruptcy of CrossGen in 2004. For a time this series was Crossgen's highest grossing comic.
 Kemeko Deluxe! (ケメコデラックス! Kemeko Derakkusu!) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Masakazu Iwasaki. The manga began serialization in the monthly shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao! on October 27 2005 and is published by MediaWorks. The first episode of the anime adaptation was broadcast on October 4 2008.
 Nightfall is a 1941 science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov about the coming of darkness to the people of a planet ordinarily illuminated at all times on all sides. It was adapted into a novel with Robert Silverberg in 1990.
 The Onion Field is a 1973 nonfiction book by Joseph Wambaugh a sergeant for the Los Angeles Police Department chronicling the kidnapping of two plainclothes LAPD officers by a pair of criminals during an evening traffic stop and the subsequent murder of Officer Ian James Campbell. It was one of the most influential murder cases in U.S. history as it forced the Los Angeles Police Department and other large municipalities to change some of their police tactics in the field.
 Skinny Ultimate Everyday Cookbook is the sixth book and second cookbook in the Skinny Bitch series from author Kim Barnouin. This is the first book in the series which was not written with co-author Rory Freedman.The book features creative ways to turn tofu into tasty dishes and a list of items Barnouin always keeps stocked in her kitchen including olive oil legumes beans lentils spices garlic tofu and whole wheat pastry flour.
 The Fire Kimono is a 2008 mystery novel written by Laura Joh Rowland set in the Genroku period (AD 1688–1704) in Japan. It is the 13th book in the Sano Ichiro series.This time Sano was assigned to a sensitive murder investigation more than four decade old involving a member of the Tokugawa clan cousin to his lord Shogun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi.
 To Die For is an American novel by Linda Howard. It was published in 2004 by Random House Publishing. It made the New York York Times Best Seller list. It is the first book in the Blair Mallory Series followed by Drop Dead Gorgeous.
 Marvel Two-In-One was an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics that featured the Fantastic Four member the Thing in a different team-up each issue with a different character.
 Thrasher is a monthly skateboarding magazine founded in 1981 by Kevin Thatcher Eric Swenson and Fausto Vitello published by the San Francisco United States-based company High Speed Productions. The publication consists of articles skateboard photography interviews with professional skateboarders music journalism (primarily reviews and interviews) skatepark reviews and miscellaneous oddities.
 Faslname-ye Ketab is the quarterly journal of the National Library and Archives of the Islamic Republic of Iran.As of 2003 the editors requested that submissions be sent in Zarnegar or Microsoft Word format in order to accelerate theprocess of publication.
 MensEGG is a style magazine distributed in Japan aimed at young men. It is a counterpart of Egg magazine which focuses on Gyaru-oh (male Gyaru) fashions – it is the gyaru-oh bible. There is also Men's Egg Bitter magazine aimed at Gyaruo aged 23 and above.Men's Egg's image revolves around Japanese working-class trends appealing to young men mostly under 20.
 Cortex is a scientific journal published semimonthly by Elsevier. It is devoted to the study of cognition and of the relationship between the nervous system and mental processes. The journal was founded in 1964 and is currently edited by Sergio Della Sala.
 Ramparts was a glossy illustrated American political and literary magazine published from 1962 through 1975. Unlike most radical magazines of the day Ramparts was expensively produced and graphically sophisticated effectively reaching an audience that may have been put off by the grittier movement publications of the time.
 For Anatole's Tomb (French: Pour un tombeau d'Anatole) is an unfinished poem by the French writer Stéphane Mallarmé. It is also known as A Tomb for Anatole. It was written after the death of Mallarmé's son Anatole. The finished fragments were published in 1961.
 My Father's Glory (French: La Gloire de mon père) is a 1957 autobiographical novel by Marcel Pagnol. Its sequel is My Mother's Castle. It is the first of four volumes in Pagnol's Souvenirs d'enfance series. It is also a 1990 film based on the novel and directed by Yves Robert.
 Osiris Rising: A Novel of Africa Past Present and Future is a novel written by Ayi Kwei Armah and published in 1995. The story revolves around an African American woman Ast who goes to Africa looking for heritage after she gets her PhD.
 Through the Arc of the Rain Forest is a novel by Japanese-American author Karen Tei Yamashita. The novel follows several characters over the course of several years - including a man who discovers the healing properties of feathers a pilgrim named Chico Paco pigeon caretakers and the three-armed creator of an industry.
 Fightin' Marines was a bimonthly war comic published by St. John Publications from 1951–1953 and Charlton Comics from 1955–1984 although it was primarily a reprint title from 1978 to the end of its run. Telling fictional stories of the United States Marine Corps it was a sister title of the other Charlton war comics Fightin' Air Force Fightin' Army and Fightin' Navy. Fightin' Marines was the home of the long-running Vietnam War feature Shotgun Harker and Chicken written by Joe Gill.
 Pastures of the Blue Crane is an Australian novel. It was about a teenage girl Ryl Merewether who inherits a shack in northern New South Wales.It won the Children's Book of the Year Award and the Mary Gilmore Award and established its authors reputation.
 Eugene Onegin (Russian: Евге́ний Оне́гин BGN/PCGN: Yevgeniy Onegin) is a novel in verse written by Alexander Pushkin.It is a classic of Russian literature and its eponymous protagonist has served as the model for a number of Russian literary heroes (so-called superfluous men). It was published in serial form between 1825 and 1832.
 Automobile is a United States-based automobile magazine published by Source Interlink Media LLC. A group of former employees of Car and Driver led by David E. Davis founded Automobile in 1986 with support from Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation – using the credo No Boring Cars.
 You're Under Arrest (逮捕しちゃうぞ Taiho Shichauzo) is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kōsuke Fujishima and was serialized in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine from 1986 through 1992. It centers on a fictional police station in Sumida Tokyo as its officers tackle everyday criminals while keeping people safe. It mixes both drama and action with some comedy and humor.The chapters of You're Under Arrest have been collected in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
 We Can Have Peace In The Holy Land: A Plan That Will Work is a New York Times Best Seller book written by Jimmy Carter 39th President of the United States (1977–1981) and winner of the 2002 Nobel Peace Prize. It was published by Simon and Schuster in February 2009.
 The Medical Roundtable is a free access peer review medical academic journal commonly referred to as TMR. TMR commenced quarterly publication in 2009 by T. Anthony Howell of FoxP2 Media LLC. T. Anthony Howell was President of Le Jacq Ltd an imprint of Wiley-Blackwell.The Medical Roundtable is listed in the United States National Library of Medicine catalog.
 Child is a discontinued American parenting magazine founded by Jackie Leo and MaryAnn Sommers in 1986 and published through 2007. It was originally backed by Italian publishers then sold to The New York Times Magazine Group which published it until 1995 along with its other women’s magazines including Family Circle before selling the titles to Gruner + Jahr. The Meredith Corporation acquired the Gruner & Jahr group in 2005.
 Paper Doll is the 20th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker. The story follows the Boston-based PI Spenser as he tries to solve the apparently random killing of the well-regarded wife of a local businessman.
 The Oppidan Press is an independent student-run newspaper at Rhodes University in Grahamstown.
 The Beautiful Suit is a short story by H.G. Wells originally published under the title A Moonlight Fable in the April 10 1909 number of Collier's Weekly. Written in the manner of Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tales the story features but two characters: an unnamed little man and his mother. The mother has made a beautiful suit of clothes for the man who takes inordinate delight in this possession.
 For the radio drama see Journey into SpaceOperation Luna is a science fantasy novel by American writer Poul Anderson published in 2000; it is the sequel to the 1971 fixup novel Operation Chaos by the same author.It centers around a space flight attempt and the efforts of Coyote and several Oriental antagonists to stop it.
 A collection of short stories by Willa Cather published in 1948.
 Magic of Faerûn is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Infinite Dimensional Analysis Quantum Probability and Related Topics is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1998 by World Scientific. It covers the development of infinite dimensional analysis quantum probability and their applications to classical probability and other areas of physics.
 Elmore magazine is a national bi-monthly American music magazine founded in 2005 by Suzanne Cadgene and Arnie Goodman. Its name is inspired by bluesman Elmore James and carries the motto “Saving American Music.” Elmore covers a wide variety of genres ranging from rhythm and blues jazz rock and roll country folk and Americana. The magazine also specializes in music and concert photography devoting several issues to the topic and features top-notch concert photography in each issue.
 The Dharma Bums is a 1958 novel by Beat Generation author Jack Kerouac. The semi-fictional accounts in the novel are based upon events that occurred years after the events of On the Road. The main characters are the narrator Ray Smith based on Kerouac and Japhy Ryder based on the poet and essayist Gary Snyder who was instrumental in Kerouac's introduction to Buddhism in the mid-1950s.
 The Crimson Petal and the White by Michel Faber is a 2002 novel set in Victorian-era England.The title is from an 1847 poem by Alfred Lord Tennyson entitled Now Sleeps the Crimson Petal the opening line of which is Now sleeps the crimson petal now the white.
 Børsen (full name: Dagbladet Børsen) is a Danish daily newspaper specialising in business news. The net circulation per issue is 57144 copies. In 2005 its coverage reached 236000 people with a total coverage of 570000 people when its website and accompanying magazines were included.
 Master and God is a historical novel by British writer Lindsey Davis the author of the Falco series. It was first published in the UK on 15 March 2012 by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States on 5 June 2012 by St Martin's Press.It is set in ancient Rome in the time of the emperor Domitian and the story features a paranoid emperor a hairdresser's love-life the burial alive of the Chief of the Vestal Virgins conspiracy and death.
 The Other Place is a young adult novel written by Monica Hughes first published in 1999.It was nominated for the 2000 Silver Birch Award.
 Budstikka prior to 2004 known as Asker og Bærum Budstikke is a daily local newspaper published out of Billingstad in Asker Norway. It covers the municipalities of Asker and Bærum and is the only newspaper issued in the area.
 Bubba Ho-Tep is a 1994 alternate history novella by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It was first published on August 1 1994 in the Elvis Presley themed anthology The King is Dead and has since been re-published in various formats. A film adaptation by the same name was released in 2002 and starred Bruce Campbell as the lead character of Elvis.
 Studia Linguistica: A Journal of General Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal of general linguistics established in 1947 and currently published by Wiley-Blackwell. Its current editors-in-chief are Christer Platzack (Lund University) and Arthur Holmer.
 Monster (モンスター Monsutā sometimes referred to as Naoki Urasawa's Monster) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Urasawa. It was published by Shogakukan in their Big Comic Original magazine between 1994 and 2001 with the chapters collected and reprinted into 18 tankōbon volumes.
 Death: The Time of Your Life is a three-issue American comic book mini-series written by Neil Gaiman one of many spinoffs from his series The Sandman. It was illustrated by Chris Bachalo and Mark Buckingham and features an introduction by Claire Danes.
 Trevayne is Robert Ludlum's fourth novel published in 1973 under the pseudonym Jonathan Ryder.The novel centers around an independent and headstrong tycoon who reluctantly accepts an appointment from the President of the United States to head a subcommission to investigate malfeasance and rampant corruption committed by contractors and subcontractors with the Pentagon. The investigation quickly unearths dangerous truths.The book was later reissued under Ludlum's proper name.
 For the Marvel Comics character see Cerebro's X-Men.Crux is an American comic book published by CrossGen Entertainment from May 2001 to February 2004. It was cancelled due to bankruptcy in 2004. Crux was one of the later titles that came first in a sort of second wave of Crossgen titles which included Sojourn and Brath. It detailed the exploits of six Atlanteans who were put into stasis and are awoken 100 000 years later.
 Extempore (alternate title The Beach Where Time Began) is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in the August 1956 issue of Infinity Science Fiction and has been reprinted twice in Far Out (1961) and The Best of Damon Knight (1976).
 The Lieutenant is an historical novel by Kate Grenville published in 2008. The novel loosely follows historical facts based on the experiences of William Dawes an officer of the Royal Marines who was on the 1788 First Fleet from England to the New South Wales colony. His position was astronomer though he took an opportunity to observe and record the language of the Australian Aborigal people (Eora) of the immediate area.
 Thou Art the Man originally titled Thou Art the Man! is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1844. It is an early experiment in detective fiction like The Murders in the Rue Morgue though it is generally considered an inferior story.The plot involves a man wrongfully accused of murdering his uncle Barnabas Shuttleworthy whose corpse is missing.
 The Berliner Illustrirte Zeitung often abbreviated BIZ was a weekly illustrated magazine published in Berlin from 1892 to 1945. It was the first mass-market German magazine and pioneered the format of the illustrated news magazine.The Berliner Illustrirte was published on Thursdays but bore the date of the following Sunday.
 Flower Net (1997) by Lisa See is the first of the Red Princess mysteries. The other two novels in the series are The Interior (1999) and Dragon Bones (2003). Flower Net explores the state of US-China relations in the early months of 1997 especially in terms of international politics human trafficking and the smuggling of illegal goods such as bear bile and nuclear trigger devices. It also focuses on human relationships – especially those between father and son father and daughter.
 Tenshi no Frypan (天使のフライパン lit. The Angel's Frying Pan) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Etsushi Ogawa. It was serialized in Kodansha's Comic Bom Bom which was aimed at elementary-aged boys. Tenshi no Frypan received the 2007 Kodansha Manga Award for the children's category.Kunimi Satoshi stayed at home and did nothing for a year after his father had gone missing.
 Green Left Weekly is an Australian socialist newspaper written by progressive activists to present the views excluded by the big business media. It was published by the Democratic Socialist Perspective (DSP) from its inception in 1990 until January 2010 when the DSP merged into the Socialist Alliance.
 The Exploits of Chevalier Dupin is a collection of detective short stories by author Michael Harrison. It was released in 1968 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 1917 copies. The stories are pastiches of the C. Auguste Dupin stories of Edgar Allan Poe. The stories were first published in Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine.
 Theatre Pasta is an Indian Theatre magazine launched in 2005 and published by Chilsag Chillies Theatre Company with playwright and director Sachin Gupta as its editor.Annually its gives away the Theatre Pasta Theatre Awards along Chilsag with International and Actor's Experimental Laboratory U.S.
 Olive's Ocean is a 2003 book by Kevin Henkes that won the 2004 Newbery Honor. The story's idea was taken from Kevin Henkes' question What was it like for authors growing up?The book will be made into a motion picture starring Elle Fanning.
 The Walls Came Tumbling Down is a film script written by author Robert Anton Wilson first published in book form in 1997.
 Assassin is the third novel of the Samuel Carver series by English thriller writer Tom Cain released on 2 July 2009 through Bantam Press.
 Solo Command (1999) is the seventh novel in the Star Wars: X-wing series and the final book to detail the adventures of Wraith Squadron. It was written by Aaron Allston.
 Ancient Near East Monographs is an open-access monograph series focused on the Ancient Near East including ancient Israel and its literature from the early Neolithic to the early Hellenistic eras. It is published jointly by the Society of Biblical Literature and the Centro de Estudios de Historia del Antiguo Oriente (CEHAO). The editors-in-chief are Ehud Ben Zvi (University of Alberta) andRoxana Flammini (Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina).
 Da Capo III (〜ダ・カーポ III〜 Da Kāpo III abbreviated as D.C. III) is a Japanese visual novel developed by Circus that was released in limited and regular editions on April 27 2012 as a DVD playable on a Windows PC and is rated for ages 15 and up. It is the next main installment after the second generation in the Da Capo visual novel franchise: Da Capo II and the otome game Da Capo: Girls Symphony. The story takes place 20 years after the events from Da Capo II.
 Imaginotions; Truthless Tales is a collection of nineteen children's fantasy stories by Tudor Jenks. It was first published in hardcover by The Century Co. in 1894; the first British edition was published by T. Fisher Unwin in 1900. Illustrators included Reginald B. Birch W. H. Drake E. B. Bensell Dan Beard and Oliver Herford. The stories had previously been published in St. Nicholas Magazine between 1883 and 1894.The collection was the author's second published book.
 The Concept of the Political (German: Der Begriff des Politischen) is a work by the German philosopher and jurist Carl Schmitt. It examines the fundamental nature of the political and its place in the modern world.It was first published in 1927 while Germany was governed by the Weimar Republic. In 1932 with the Nazi ascension to power imminent Schmitt published a second edition with significant and controversial revisions.
 Encyclopaedia Beliana is a Slovakian encyclopedia. When completed it will contain ca. 150000 headwords in 12 illustrated volumes as well as supplements. Beliana is prepared by the Slovak Academy of Sciences. Its name Beliana is derived from Matej Bel 18th century Slovak writer and hitorian. As of 2014 seven volumes were published.
 Fountain of Light was a hippie underground newspaper of the 1960s published monthly in tabloid format in Taos New Mexico from 1968 to 1970. At least 14 issues were published before the paper went under in mid-1970.
 In Search of Schrödinger's Cat: Quantum Physics and Reality (1984; ISBN 0-552-12555-5) is a book written by physicist John Gribbin on quantum theory discussing in layman's terms its logic and many interpretations. Gribbin explains the body of evidence leading up to the development of quantum physics and summarises the historical context in which it occurred. He explores in detail the mysteries surrounding quantum physics and the implications of the theory.
 Lokis is an 1869 Prosper Mérimée horror fantasy novella. It was one of the last stories by Mérimée started in July 1868 and published in the Revue des deux Mondes in September 1869.
 OncoTargets and Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of oncology. The journal was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 From Death to the Stars is a collection of a fantasy novel and science fiction short stories by L. Ron Hubbard. It was published in 1953 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 300 copies. The book is an omnibus edition of Hubbard's Death's Deputy and The Kingslayer. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Unknown and Astounding.
 This article is about the role-playing game first published in 1992. For the 1975 movie that was the precursor to the Dukes of Hazzard see Moonrunners.Moonrunner is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Stephen Hand illustrated by Martin McKenna and originally published in 1992 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 48th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-034937-5).
 Asuravithu (English: The Demon Seed) is a Malayalam novel written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair. Set in Kizhakkemuri a fictional picturesque village in Kerala the novel describes the plight of the protagonist Govindankutty the youngest son of a proud Nair tharavadu as he is trapped between the social scenario social injustice and his own inner consciousness. As in many other M. T. novels Asuravithu also has as its theme the conflicts and problems of a Nair Family.
 Jedi Search is the first novel in the The Jedi Academy trilogy.
 Jacobin is a quarterly magazine of culture and polemic based in New York. Its self-styled raison d’être is as a leading voice of the American left offering socialist perspectives on politics economics and culture. The publication began as an online magazine released in September 2010 but expanded into a print journal later that year.
 The Planet of Youth is a science fiction novel by Stanton A. Coblentz. It was first published in book form in 1952 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 600 copies of which 300 were hardback. The novel originally appeared in the October 1932 issue of the magazine Wonder Stories.
 Pink is a novel written by film maker Gus Van Sant. It was published in 1997 on the Nan Talese imprint of Doubleday.
 Published in 1976 The Story of the Weasel is author Carolyn Slaughter's debut novel. It won the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize the following year. Published as Relations in the United States it has been praised for its 'sensitive treatment of fraternal incest in Victorian England and for its subtle poetic prose'. According to the author it 'did extremely well'.
 Risk and Blame: Essays in Cultural Theory (first published 1992) is a collection of essays by the influential British cultural anthropologist Mary Douglas.
 Captives of the Flame is a 1963 science fantasy novel by Samuel R. Delany and is the first novel in the Fall of the Towers trilogy. The novel was originally published as Ace Double F-199 together with The Psionic Menace by Keith Woodcott (a pseudonym of John Brunner).
 Green Eggs and Ham is a best-selling and critically acclaimed children's book by Dr. Seuss (a pen-name of Theodor Seuss Geisel) first published on August 12 1960. As of 2001 according to Publishers Weekly it was the fourth best-selling English-language children's book of all time. The story has appeared in several animated videos starting with 1973's Dr.
 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream is a novel by Hunter S. Thompson illustrated by Ralph Steadman. The book is a roman à clef rooted in autobiographical incidents. The story follows its protagonist Raoul Duke and his attorney Dr. Gonzo as they descend on Las Vegas to chase the American Dream through a drug-induced haze all the while ruminating on the failure of the 1960s countercultural movement.
 The Man Who Cast Two Shadows is the second book in the Kathleen Mallory series written by Carol O'Connell. Mallory is a detective in New York City's Special Crimes Unit. Her colleagues fear she has been killed when a body is found in a park similar in appearance and wearing a blazer embroidered with her name. Mallory quickly identifies the victim (whose fingers have been destroyed to hamper a positive ID) and she is given the case.
 DAGEN (commonly written Dagen) was a Danish newspaper which published for only 41 issues from 22 October 2002 to 6 December 2002. DAGEN was the first new newspaper in almost 50 years in Denmark.On December 6 2002 Dagen had a debt of 34.9 million DKK and bankruptcy was declared on December 13 2002.Peter Linck was the creator of the newspaper and the editor was Kresten Schultz Jørgensen.The newspaper had more media coverage than it itself was able to cover about its bankruptcy.
 Seven Brothers (Finnish: Seitsemän veljestä) is the first and only novel by Aleksis Kivi the national author of Finland and it is widely regarded as the first significant novel written in Finnish and by a Finnish-speaking author. Indeed many regard it still today as the greatest Finnish novel ever written.
 Curious Notions is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove. It is a part of the Crosstime Traffic series. In Curious Notions the Central Powers won World War I prior to the United States entering the war. Subsequently the German Empire invaded and conquered the United States in the 1950s. The story is set 150 years later in German-occupied San Francisco.
 Morocco Mirror was an English-language e-newspaper based in Morocco. It ceased updating since April 2013.
 The Man Who Loved Dirty Books is a crime novel by the American writer David Guy set in 1970s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of Matt Gregg an ex-cop transitioning to a new career as a private detective who is pulled down into the world of underground porn and murder.
 The Harvard Crimson the daily student newspaper of Harvard University was founded in 1873. It is the only daily newspaper in Cambridge Massachusetts and is run entirely by Harvard College undergraduates. Many Crimson alumni have gone on to careers in journalism and some have won Pulitzer Prizes.
 The Cookie Monster is a novella by Vernor Vinge. It was first published in the October 2003 issue of Dell Magazines' anthology publication Analog and has subsequently been collected in several science fiction anthology collections. It won the 2004 Hugo Award for Best Novella.
 A Catskill Eagle is the 12th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker first published in 1985. The title comes from a quote from Herman Melville.
 Çalıkuşu or The Wren is a novel by Reşat Nuri Güntekin written in 1922 about the destiny of a young Turkish female teacher named Feride.
 The Hitch-Hiker is a radio play written by Lucille Fletcher. It was first presented on the November 17 1941 broadcast of the Orson Welles Show on CBS Radio featuring a score written and conducted by Bernard Herrmann Fletcher's first husband. Welles performed The Hitch-Hiker four times on radio and the play was adapted for a notable 1960 episode of the television series The Twilight Zone.
 An American Tragedy (1925) is a novel by the American writer Theodore Dreiser.
 What Video Games Have to Teach Us About Learning and Literacy focuses on the learning principles in video games and how these principles can be applied to the K-12 classroom. Video games can be used as tools to challenge players when they are successful. They motivate players to persevere and simultaneously teach players how to play the game. These games give a glimpse into how one might create new and more powerful ways to learn in schools communities and workplaces.
 The Chinese Bell Murders is a gong'an historical mystery novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.This book was originally written by Robert van Gulik sometime between 1953 and 1956.
 Smirt: An Urbane Nightmare is a 1934 satirical romance novel by James Branch Cabell the opening volume in his trilogy The Nightmare Has Triplets. The two later romances of this trilogy are Smith and Smire.
 The European Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences is a peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the European Federation for Pharmaceutical Sciences. It publishes research reports review articles and scientific commentaries on all aspects of the pharmaceutical sciences. The abstracts of the biennial European Congress of Pharmaceutical Sciences are published in a supplement of the journal.
 Black Colossus is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine June 1933.
 Abarat (2002) is a fantasy novel written and illustrated by Clive Barker the first in Barker's The Books of Abarat series. It is aimed primarily at young adults. The eponymous Abarat is a fictional archipelago which is the setting for the majority of the story.The title image contains an ambigram. The paintings in the book are done with oils. Barker had already completed 300 paintings before he started working on the first book.
 Ordinary Things: Poems from a Walk in Early Spring is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher illustrated by Walter Lyon Krudop. It was first published in 1997.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #11 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the eleventh volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Pocket Books in July 1982 and in hardcover by Gollancz in the same year.The book collects seventeen novellas novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction notes and concluding essays by Carr and Charles N. Brown.
 La Prensa is an independent newspaper founded on October 26 1964 by Organización Publicitaria S.A. whose publications include El Heraldo and Diario Deportivo Diez. It has a daily circulation average of 60000 units[citation needed] with full color and tabloid-sized pages. Although it is distributed all across the country it is in the north area of Honduras where its presence is more important.
 The Daily Jang (Urdu: روزنامہ جنگ‎) is an Urdu newspaper based in Pakistan. It is the oldest newspaper of Pakistan in continuous publication since its foundation in 1939. Its current Group Chief Executive & Editor-in-Chief is Mir Shakil-ur-Rahman.The Daily Jang is published by the Jang Group of Newspapers. The group's flagship Jang is Pakistan's national Urdu daily.
 Gypsy: A Memoir is a 1957 autobiography of renowned striptease artist Gypsy Rose Lee which inspired the Broadway musical Gypsy: A Musical Fable. The book tells Lee's life story in three acts the first beginning with her early childhood days in theatre when she toured with her sister June. The book ends just as Gypsy has gotten on a train and is headed to Hollywood to begin her career in the movies. Her Hollywood career was short lived and she did not get many roles.
 This is Paradise!: My North Korean Childhood is the autobiographical account of Hyok Kang who describes his childhood in North Korea in the 1980s and 1990s his escape into China in 1998 his journey through southeast Asia and his life in South Korea.The book was originally published in France in 2004 with the title Ici C'est Le Paradis!: Une enfance en Coree du Nord.
 Rome Burning is the second book of Sophia McDougall's trilogy following her debut novel Romanitas set in a world where the Roman Empire has survived to contemporary times.
 The Gay Travel Guide For Tops And Bottoms is a 2011 international gay travel guide by Drew Blancs. The book was published on June 15 2011 through Icon Empire Press.
 Irates de facto (in Armenian Իրատես դե ֆակտո) (stylized as de facto in Latin alphabet) is an Armenian language newspaper published by Irates ՍՊԸ in Armenia twice a week Tuesdays and Fridays.The first issue was published in Yerevan on 3 June 2008 under the name Iravunke de facto (in Armenian Իրավունքը դե ֆակտո) (stylized as de facto in Latin alphabet). The name was changed to Irates de facto starting July 2010.
 Azadliq (Azerbaijani: Azadlıq) a daily political newspaper one of the most popular newspapers in Azerbaijan.
 Emarat Al Youm (Standard Arabic: الإمارات اليوم al-Imārāt al-yawm - meaning The Emirates Today) is an Arabic newspaper published by Dubai Media Incorporated. The paper is published in Dubai. It was launched on 19 September 2005. The newspaper content focuses on domestic issues and other topics of interest to Arab readers.
 Tigerlily's Orchids is a 2010 book by the British crime-writer Ruth Rendell. It is her 60th published novel.
 Magician is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the first book of the Riftwar Saga and was published in 1982. It led to many books written by Feist in the world of Midkemia which was the setting for this book. Originally reduced in size by his editors it was re-published in 1992 (after the author's fame had grown) in an edition titled The Author's Preferred Edition (or revised edition in some markets) with much of the deleted text restored.
 Nip the Buds Shoot the Kids (also known as Pluck the Bud and Destroy the Offspring) is a 1958 novel by Japanese author Kenzaburō Ōe. It is Ōe's first novel written when he was 23 years old.It was originally published in 1958. The English version was translated in 1995.
 Swords and Sorcery is a 1963 anthology of fantasy short stories in the sword and sorcery subgenre edited by L. Sprague de Camp and illustrated by Virgil Finlay. It was first published in paperback by Pyramid Books. It has the distinction of being the first sword and sorcery anthology ever assembled and paved the way for three additional such anthologies edited by de Camp and many more produced by other editors and publishers.
 Rihanna (originally titled and alternatively known as Rihanna: The Last Girl on Earth) is a photo-book by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna and British artist Simon Henwood. Henwood envisioned the project as the depiction of a journey as it includes professional and candid photos by him that show the singer's fourth studio album Rated R's (2009) promotional campaign alongside pictures from other live appearances.
 BiWeekly Eleven is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 A Disappearing Number is a 2007 play co-written and devised by the Théâtre de Complicité company and directed and conceived by English playwright Simon McBurney. It was inspired by the collaboration during the 1910s between two of the most remarkable pure mathematicians of the twentieth century Srinivasa Ramanujan a poor Brahmin from South India and the Cambridge University don G.H.
 La Mécanique du cœur (English version: The Boy with the Cuckoo-Clock Heart) is a book written by Mathias Malzieu lead singer of the French rock band Dionysos (who have recorded a concept album based upon the story). The book has sold well in Malzieu's native France.
 The Image (or in French L'Image) is a classic 1956 sadomasochistic erotic novel written by Catherine Robbe-Grillet and published under the pseudonym of Jean de Berg by éditions de Minuit in 1956.It was made into a 1973 film The Image also known as The Punishment of Anne.
 Anthropology: And a Hundred Other Stories is a book by British author Dan Rhodes published in 2000 by Fourth Estate. It has since been republished by Canongate who have made it available as an ebook. It consists of 101 tales; each of 101 words all about girlfriends and has been published in seven languages. It was written between October 1997 and November 1998 whilst the author was fruit picking on a farm. It has been compared to Roland Barthes' A Lover's Discourse.
 Seduce Me After the Show is a Boys' Love manga by est em released in English by Aurora Publishing in April 2008. It was released in French as Tango by Editions H. Seduce Me After the Show contains five short stories set in the artistic worlds of dance painting and music. Matt Thorn est em's former teacher retranslated the work prior to its publication.
 Distinguish from Starship Troopers.Starship Troupers is a science fiction series of novels by American author Christopher Stasheff. To date it covers three books: A Company Of Stars We Open On Venus and A Slight Detour. It also occupies the same continuity as Stasheff's Warlock of Gramarye and Rogue Wizard series.
 The Shame of the Cities is a book by Lincoln Steffens. Published in 1904 it is a collection of articles which Steffens had written for McClure’s Magazine. It reports on the workings of corrupt political machines in several major U.S. cities along with a few efforts to combat them.
 The Scientific Monthly was a science magazine published from 1915 to 1957. Psychologist James McKeen Cattell the former publisher and editor of The Popular Science Monthly was the original founder and editor. In 1958 The Scientific Monthly was absorbed by Science.
 The Journal of Diversity in Higher Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the National Association of Diversity Officers in Higher Education. The journal established in 2008 offers research findings theory and promising practices to help guide the efforts of institutions of higher education in the pursuit of inclusive excellence. The current editor-in-chief is Roger L. Worthington of the University of Missouri.
 The Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland and other Slavic Countries (Polish: Słownik geograficzny Królestwa Polskiego i innych krajów słowiańskich) is a monumental Polish gazetteer published 1880–1902 in Warsaw by Filip Sulimierski Bronisław Chlebowski Władysław Walewski and others.
 Emancipation and Liberation is a journal produced by the Republican Communist Network a former platform of the Scottish Socialist Party. It was established in Spring 2002.Since its establishment the journal has hosted a number of debates within the left. The longest running has been the debate in response to Neil Davidsons Discovering the Scottish Revolution 1692-1746. Starting in Issue 5 Autumn 2003 with Allan Armstrongs Broadswords and Bayonets.
 The Mayo Echo was a controversial free weekly tabloid newspaper circulated in County Mayo Ireland during the 2000s. The paper was first published in 2004 and closed in April 2009.
 Cine Blitz is a Hindi and English film magazine published every month in India. It is based in Mumbai.Cine Blitz belongs to the VJM Media Group promoted by Dr. Vijay Mallya. It was originally started by Rifa Publications headed by Russy Karanjia and publishers of the popular political weekly Blitz. His daughter Rita Mehta was the first editor-in-chief of the magazine. Currently Nichola Pais is the editor of Cine Blitz.
 The Mistress of Spices (1997) set in contemporary Oakland California is a novel by Indian American writer and University of Houston Creative Writing Program professor Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni.
 A Tranquil Star: Unpublished Stories of Primo Levi is a 2007 anthology of short stories by the Italian writer Primo Levi. Released 20 years after Levi's death the book consists of seventeen stories previously unpublished in English. The stories were translated by Ann Goldstein an editor at The New Yorker and Alessandra Bastagli an editor at Palgrave/Macmillan.
 The Windhover is a sonnet by Gerard Manley Hopkins (1844–1889). It was written on May 30 1877 but not published until 1918 when it was included as part of the collection Poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins. Hopkins dedicated the poem to Christ our Lord.Windhover is another name for the Common Kestrel (Falco tinnunculus). The name refers to the bird's ability to hover in midair while hunting prey.
 Anticancer Research is an independent international peer-reviewed medical journal published by the International Institute of Anticancer Research addressing experimental and clinical topics in oncology.It's releashed monthly and also comes out as an annual edition. Articles in Anticancer Research are regularly indexed in all bibliographic services.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.713.
 IEEE Transactions on Education is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the IEEE Education Society. It contains articles and other contributions in the area of education research methods materials programs and technology in electrical engineering computer engineering and fields within the scope of interest of the IEEE.
 Calcalist (Hebrew: כלכליסט‎ a Hebrew wordplay on The Economist) is a daily business newspaper published in Israel by the Yedioth Ahronoth Group. The group also publishes Yedioth Ahronoth the country's most widely circulated newspaper. Calcalist was first published February 18 2008 and currently runs five days a week with a weekend supplement included on Thursdays. The founder and publisher is Yoel Esteron formerly the managing editor for Yedioth Ahronoth and its editor is Galit Hemi.
 Classic Bike is a UK motorcycle magazine. Launched in 1978 it is noted for coverage of all makes of classic motorcycles including US and Japanese models and one-off specials. Previous editors have included Mike Nicks John Pearson Phillip Tooth Brian Crichton and Hugo Wilson. The current (2013) editor is Ben Miller. Under the banner real bikes for blokes with spanners it has an emphasis on practical hands-on motorcycling.
 Once a Catholic is a play by Mary O'Malley.Once a Catholic was a comedy first performed at The Royal Court Theatre in 1977 directed by Mike Ockrent. It concerns a retrospective view of the values of 1950s Catholic convent schools and the female adolescent response to those values.The play won awards from the Evening Standard newspaper and Plays & Players magazine. Mary O'Malley went on to be the Royal Court's resident dramatist for 1977.
 Evropa was a weekly Serbian magazine published from 2004 until 2008. In written form it was occasionally also referred to as Evropa+At first conceptually a cross between a news and general interest magazine Evropa's first issue appeared on April 15 2004. Initially edited and owned by Željko Cvijanović the magazine devoted equal attention to political social and economic issues as well as to culture and entertainment topics.
 The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay is a 2000 novel by American author Michael Chabon that won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2001. The novel follows the lives of two Jewish cousins before during and after World War II. They are a Czech artist named Joe Kavalier and a Brooklyn-born writer named Sam Clay.
 Confidential was a periodical published quarterly from December 1952 to August 1953 and then bi-monthly until 1978. It was founded by Robert Harrison and is considered a pioneer in scandal gossip and exposé journalism. Newsweek said it featured sin and sex with a seasoning of right wing politics.Its journalism consisted just as much of innuendo as of exposés.
 IEEE Communications Magazine deals with all areas of communications including light-wave telecommunications high-speed data communications personal communications systems (PCS) ISDN and more. The magazine is published by the IEEE Communications Society and includes special features technical articles book reviews conferences short courses standards governmental regulations and legislation new products and Society news.
 La Gazeta de Caracas (Spanish: The Caracas Gazette) was the first newspaper printed in Venezuela; its first issue was published on October 24 1808. In 1814 its name changed to Gaceta de Caracas. The newspaper was issued with some interruptions until January 1822.It was printed by the Britons Matthew Gallagher and James Lamb who had brought a printing press from Trinidad. They became the first typographers working in Venezuela.
 L'Épreuve is a one-act play by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux presented for the first time on November 19 1740.L'Épreuve is considered to be one of the finest gems of Marivaux and was often reproduced. Like in many of his plays the untying of intrigue comes from travesty.
 The Daily Times is a daily newspaper published in Blantyre Malawi. It is the oldest newspaper in the country founded as the monthly Central African Planter in 1895. Around 1900 the title Central African Times was adopted and weekly publication. Later the title was changed again to Nyasaland Times. With Malawian independence in 1964 it became simply The Times (then published bi-weekly) and finally the Daily Times in 1972.
 Ultime lettere di Jacopo Ortis (Last letters of Jacopo Ortis) is an epistolary novel written by Ugo Foscolo between 1798 and 1802. A second edition with major changes was published by Foscolo in Zurich (1816) and a third one in London (1817).The model was Goethe's novel The Sorrows of Young Werther (German: Die Leiden des jungen Werthers 1774). Another influence is Rousseau's Julie or the New Heloise (French: Julie ou la nouvelle Héloïse 1761).
 A Short History of a Small Place is a 1985 novel by T. R. Pearson. Set in the fictional town of Neely North Carolina - a thinly disguised Reidsville - it tells in a rambling and digressive manner about the life and eventual suicide of the town's only aristocratic woman Miss Myra Angelique Pettigrew.
 We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism is a 2009 non-fiction book by British-American writer John Derbyshire. He draws upon classical conservative thinking to argue that modern Western civilization is dying and will eventually fail completely. He blames what he sees as a collectivist and Utopian mindset among the political left as well as an irrational optimism and faith in the future on the political right. It was published by Crown Forum.
 Avilion is a fantasy novel by British author Robert Holdstock. It was published in the United Kingdom on July 16 2009. It is his first Ryhope wood novel since Gate of Ivory Gate of Horn was published in 1997. Avilion is Tennyson's term for Avalon in Idylls of the King. Avilion is described by Tennyson as an island valley with ideal weather and fertile land.The novel Mythago Wood introduces tropes terminology and a backstory that are built upon in Avilion.
 Resurrectionist is a historical mystery novel by author James McGee. It is the sequel to McGee's best-selling Ratcatcher.
 William Wetmore Story and His Friends is a biography of sculptor William Wetmore Story by Henry James published in 1903. James concentrated on the friends of the title who included Robert Browning Elizabeth Barrett Browning James Russell Lowell and other figures more prominent than Story himself.
 Secret killings of Assam: The Horror Tales from the Land of Red River and Blue Hills is a compilation of reports on secret-killings of family members of ULFA during 1998 and 2001. It is based on reports of an enquiry commission formed for it as well as numerous news reports published at that time. It is written by three veteran journalists - Mrinal Talukdar Utpal Borpujari and Kaushik Deka who also used to write on that issue when it was on peak time.
 The Unnamable is a 1953 novel by Samuel Beckett. It is the third and final entry in Beckett's Trilogy of novels which begins with Molloy followed by Malone Dies. It was originally published in French as L'Innommable and later adapted by the author into English. Grove Press published the English edition in 1958.The Unnamable consists entirely of a disjointed monologue from the perspective of an unnamed (presumably unnamable) and immobile protagonist.
 Higher Education is a 1995 science fiction novel by Charles Sheffield and Jerry Pournelle. It is the first in a series published by Tor Books in their Jupiter line.
 The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists (also known as The Game: Undercover in the Secret Society of Pickup Artists) is a non-fiction book written by investigative reporter Neil Strauss as a chronicle of his journey and encounters in the seduction community.
 Swindon Town Football Club: 100 Greats is a book by Richard (Dick) Mattick published in [2002.The book lists the 100 Swindon Town players that Mattick considered to be greatest.
 The Problems of Philosophy (1912) is one of Bertrand Russell's attempts to create a brief and accessible guide to the problems of philosophy. Focusing on problems he believes will provoke positive and constructive discussion Russell concentrates on knowledge rather than metaphysics: If it is uncertain that external objects exist how can we then have knowledge of them but by probability.
 The Economist is an English-language weekly newspaper owned by The Economist Newspaper Ltd. and edited in offices in London. Continuous publication began under founder James Wilson in September 1843. For historical reasons The Economist refers to itself as a newspaper but each print edition appears on small glossy paper like a news magazine and its YouTube channel is called EconomistMagazine.
 Narva Kirik is a newspaper published in Narva Estonia.
 Fur-Fish-Game (often called Fur Fish and Game or FFG) is an American outdoors magazine. FFG features how-to articles and tips descriptions of outdoor sporting products and first-person stories of outdoor adventure and survival. Subtitled The magazine for practical outdoorsman FFG focuses on hunting fishing and other outdoor activities more as a part of rural life than as a hobby or sport.
 S (エス Esu) is a light novel series with homoerotic themes written by Saki Aida with art by Chiharu Nara. It's about a detective who goes undercover and who begins a relationship with his S - his spy. It was published in English by Digital Manga Publishing between May 2008 and February 2009.
 I Am 13 Years Old (Estonian: Olen kolmeteistkümne aastane Olen 13-aastane) is an influential[citation needed] 1980 play by Merle Karusoo.
 The Last Station is a novel by Jay Parini that was first published in 1990. It’s the story of the final year in the life of Leo Tolstoy told from multiple viewpoints including Tolstoy’s young secretary Valentin Bulgakov his wife Sophia Tolstaya his daughter Sasha his publisher and close friend Vladimir Chertkov and his doctor Dushan Makovitsky.
 Strong Poison is a 1930 novel by Dorothy L. Sayers her fifth featuring Lord Peter Wimsey.
 The Bachman Books is a collection of short novels by Stephen King published under the pseudonym Richard Bachman between 1977 and 1982. It was a The New York Times Best Seller List when it was released in 1985.
 CPC Attack! was a short-lived magazine dedicated to Amstrad CPC gaming. The magazine was a successor to Amstrad Computer User magazine. It was characterised by a strong comic-like graphical style featuring a recurring mascot - a Tank Girl-like character called Amy Strad. Funnily enough this same character featured in C+VG magazine under the name Sadie. Originally Amstrad Computer User had been a much more serious magazine than its main rival Amstrad Action.
 It's Bigger Than Hip Hop: The Rise of the Post-Hip-Hop Generation is a creative non-fiction book by M. K. Asante. It's Bigger Than Hip Hop employs Hip Hop culture as a vehicle to explore important social and political issues facing the Hip Hop and Post-Hip Hop generations.
 The Iron Tree is the first book in the Crowthistle Chronicles written by Cecilia Dart-Thornton. Written and published in August 2004 ISBN 0-330-43301-6 The Iron Tree is a suspenseful fantasy novel.
 Lady Chatterley's Lover is a novel by D. H. Lawrence first published in 1928. The first edition was printed privately in Florence Italy with assistance from Pino Orioli; an unexpurgated edition could not be published openly in the United Kingdom until 1960.
 Pincher Martin: The Two Deaths of Christopher Martin (often referred to simply as Pincher Martin) is a survivalist novel by British writer William Golding first published in 1956. It is Golding's third novel directly following The Inheritors which in turn came after his magnum opus and debut Lord of the Flies.The novel is often considered one of Golding's most survivalistic works and is noted for being uniquely existential and somewhat minimalistic in setting.
 Olive Kitteridge (2008) is a novel by American author Elizabeth Strout. It presents a portrait of the title character and a number of recurring characters in the coastal town of Crosby Maine. It takes the form of 13 short stories that are interrelated but discontinuous in terms of narrative. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2009 and was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Critics Circle Award. HBO is producing a mini-series based on the novel.
 FinanceAsia is a Hong Kong-based publication reporting on Asia’s financial and capital markets through a daily website and monthly magazine. At the end of 2005 FinanceAsia was acquired by Haymarket Group the largest privately owned publishing company in the UK created in part by Lord Heseltine the former UK deputy prime minister.
 Outside Valentine is the 2004 debut novel of American author Liza Ward the granddaughter of two of the victims of spree killer Charles Starkweather. The book was first published on August 12 2004 through Picador and is told from the perspective of Caril Ann Fugate Starkweather's accomplice the son of two of his victims and the son's wife.Film rights to Outside Valentine were optioned but plans to create a feature film did not come to fruition.
 Mort is a Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett. Published in 1987 it is the fourth Discworld novel and the first to focus on the character Death who only appeared as a side character in the previous novels. The title is the name of its main character and also a play on words: in French mort means death.In the BBC's 2003 Big Read contest viewers voted on the Nation's Best-loved Book; Mort was among the Top 100 and chosen as the most popular of Pratchett's novels.
 The Other Log of Phileas Fogg is a science fiction/Steampunk parallel history novel written by American author Philip José Farmer in 1973. It was originally published by DAW Books and later reprinted in 1979 by Hamlyn and again in 1982 by Tor Books. Tor has subsequently reissued the novel in 1988 and 1993.
 A Study in Emerald is a short story written by British fantasy and graphic novel author Neil Gaiman. The story is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche transferred to the Cthulhu Mythos universe of horror writer H. P. Lovecraft. It won the 2004 Hugo Award for Best Short Story. The title is a reference to the Sherlock Holmes novel A Study in Scarlet. A Study in Emerald first appeared in the anthology Shadows Over Baker Street a collection of stories combining the worlds of Arthur Conan Doyle and H. P.
 Around the World in Seventy-Two Days is a book by journalist Elizabeth Jane Cochrane writing under her pseudonym Nellie Bly. The chronicle details her record-breaking 72-day trip around the world (1889–90) for Joseph Pulitzer's tabloid newspaper the New York World that was inspired by the book Around the World in Eighty Days by Jules Verne.
 I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream is a post-apocalyptic sci-fi short story by Harlan Ellison. It was first published in the March 1967 issue of IF: Worlds of Science Fiction.It won a Hugo Award in 1968. The name was also used for a short story collection of Ellison's work featuring this story. It was recently reprinted by the Library of America collected in volume two (Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940s to Now) of American Fantastic Tales (2009).
 Uncle Tungsten: Memories of a Chemical Boyhood is a memoir by Oliver Sacks about his childhood published in 2001. The book is named for Sacks's Uncle Dave owner of a business named Tungstalite which made incandescent lightbulbs with a tungsten filament whom Oliver nicknamed Uncle Tungsten. Uncle Tungsten was fascinated with tungsten and believed it was the metal of the future.It is an extremely readable primer in the history and science of chemistry.
 1632 is the initial novel in the best-selling alternate history 1632 book series written by historian writer and editor Eric Flint. The flagship novel kicked off a collaborative writing effort that has involved hundreds of contributors and dozens of authors. The premise involves a small American town of three thousand 'Hillbillies' sent back to April 1631 in an alternate Holy Roman Empire during the Thirty Years' War.
 JLA: Act of God is a three issue limited series published by DC Comics under the Elseworlds banner in 2000. It is written by Doug Moench and illustrated by Dave Ross.The story is a psychological look at what could happen to many superheroes if their powers were taken away by an unseen natural event and has them pondering whether or not it is right for them to have powers in the first place.
 Transformers: Dark of the Moon: The Junior Novel is an adaptation of the 2011 film Transformers: Dark of the Moon written by Michael Kelly.
 The British Journal for the History of Science is an international academic journal published quarterly by Cambridge University Press in association with the British Society for the History of Science. It was founded under its present title in 1962 but was preceded by the Bulletin of the British Society for the History of Science which was itself founded in 1949. The journal publishes scholarly papers and reviews on all aspects of the history of science.
 The International Journal of Theoretical Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of physics published by Springer Science+Business Media since 1968. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.086 and publishes both original research and review articles. The editor-in-chief is Heinrich Saller (Max Planck Institute for Physics).
 The International Journal of Biomathematics is a quarterly mathematics journal covering research in the area of biomathematics including mathematical ecology infectious disease dynamical system biostatistics and bioinformatics. It was established in 2008 and is published by World Scientific. The current editor-in-chief is Lansun Chen (Anshan Normal University).
 For other uses see Tin drum (disambiguation).The Tin Drum (German: Die Blechtrommel) is a 1959 novel by Günter Grass. The novel is the first book of Grass's Danziger Trilogie (Danzig Trilogy). It was adapted into a 1979 film which won both the Palme d'Or in the same year and the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film the following year.
 The Adventist Review is the semi-official newsmagazine of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.Commonly known as the Review it is published weekly by the Review and Herald Publishing Association. The Review and Herald also publishes a sister magazine Adventist World. The current editor of the Adventist Review is Bill Knott. The magazine currently has nearly 30000 paying subscribers. Its library reference number is OCLC 9572173.
 History & Memory is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of historical consciousness and collective memory. It is edited by Gadi Algazi (Tel Aviv University) and published biannually by Indiana University Press.
 The Advocate is a local newspaper of North-West and Western Tasmania Australia.Its readership covers the North West Coast and West Coast of Tasmania including towns such as Devonport Burnie Ulverstone Penguin Wynyard Latrobe and Smithton. It is currently published by Fairfax Media.
 Far from Medina (French: Loin de Médine) is a 1991 novel by the Algerian writer Assia Djebar. The story revolves around a group of women contemporary with the Islamic prophet Muhammad. An English translation by Dorothy S. Blair was published through Quartet Books in 1994.
 The Sacred Balance is a book by environmentalist David Suzuki which is in its second edition as of 2007. The book explores human society's impact on the natural world both for the planet and the people living on it. Suzuki reveals how dependent humankind is upon the planet's water soil sunlight and the breath of its vegetation.
 A Tan and Sandy Silence (1971) is the thirteenth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot begins with Harry Broll husband of McGee's longtime friend Mary shows up at his houseboat The Busted Flush with a gun threatening McGee and accusing him of hiding Mary aboard. The rest of the novel involves McGee's search for Mary.
 The Watermen (1979) is a book published by American author James A. Michener. It is actually an excerpt from his larger novel Chesapeake which was published by Random House the same year.
 Johnny and the Bomb is a 1996 novel by Terry Pratchett. It is the third novel to feature Johnny Maxwell and his friends and deals with the rules and consequences of time travel.
 Wildstorm: Revelations is a comic book limited series written by Scott Beatty and Christos Gage with art by Wes Craig.After Wildcats: Armageddon Nemesis recruits Savant and Backlash to help her try to stop the end of the world.Revelations was the start of a number bi-weekly series and was followed by Number of the Beast which resulted in the relaunch of a number of Wildstorm titles.
 Sleep No More was the first of three 1940s anthologies of fantasy and horror stories edited by August Derleth and illustrated by Lee Brown Coye. It was first published by Rinehart & Company in 1944. Featuring short stories by H. P. Lovecraft Robert E. Howard Clark Ashton Smith and other noted authors of the macabre genre many of the stories made their initial appearance in Weird Tales magazine.
 To the Stars is a science fiction novel by L. Ron Hubbard. The novel's story is set in a dystopian future and chronicles the experiences of protagonist Alan Corday aboard a starship called the Hound of Heaven as he copes with the travails of time dilation from traveling at near light speed. Corday is kidnapped by the ship's captain and forced to become a member of their crew and when he next returns to Earth his fiancee has aged and barely remembers him.
 Native Son is a 1941 Broadway drama written by Paul Green andRichard Wright based on Wright's novel Native Son. It was produced by Orson Welles and John Houseman with Bern Bernard as associate producer and directed by Welles with Scenic design by John Morcom. It ran for 114 performances from March 24 1941 to June 28 1941 at the St. James Theatre. This was the lastproduction of Welles and Houseman's Mercury Theatre troupe.
 Backup: A Story of the Dresden Files is a novelette set in The Dresden Files universe Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. This book is unique in that the story is told from the of view of Thomas Raith Dresden's older half-brother. Harry Dresden appears briefly as a minor character.
 Quite Ugly One Morning is Christopher Brookmyre's first novel which introduces Jack Parlabane the writer's most used character.It was published to popular and critical acclaim winning the inaugural First Blood Award for the best first crime novel of the year.Jack Parlabane is a Glaswegian journalist who has just returned to Scotland from LA after finding out the hard way that someone wanted him dead.
 Agriculture Week is a weekly agricultural and food science research newspaper reporting on the latest developments in agriculture and food production. Its main topics are Agribusiness Crops Livestock and Markets. It is published by Vertical News an imprint of NewsRx LLC.
 The Fortress of Solitude is a 2003 semi-autobiographical novel by Jonathan Lethem set in Brooklyn and spanning the 1970s '80s and '90s. It follows two teenage friends Dylan Ebdus and Mingus Rude one white and one black who discover a magic ring. The novel explores the issues of race and culture gentrification self-discovery and music.
 Kiki's Delivery Service (魔女の宅急便 Majo no Takkyūbin lit. Witch's Express Home Delivery) is a children's fantasy novel written by Eiko Kadono and illustrated by Akiko Hayashi. It was first published by Fukuinkan Shoten on January 25 1985. It is the basis of the 1989 Studio Ghibli anime film of the same title and of the 2014 live action film also of the same name.The book won numerous awards in Japan.
 The Academia Waltz was Berkeley Breathed's first cartoon published daily from 1978 to 1979 in The Daily Texan at The University of Texas at Austin where he was a student. The strip focused primarily on college life although it sometimes made references to big news stories of the time (such as the incident at Three Mile Island in 1979).
 Revista Hispánica Moderna is a peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on research in Hispanic and Luso-Brazilian literature and culture. It was founded in 1934 as Boletín del Instituto de las Españas at Columbia University. The current editor is Carlos J. Alonso the Morris A. and Alma Schapiro Professor in the Humanities at Columbia University. The journal is published semiannually by the University of Pennsylvania Press.
 Flipped (2001) is a young adult novel by Wendelin Van Draanen set from c.1994 to 2000. It is a stand-alone teen romance in a he-said she-said style with the two protagonists alternately presenting their perspective on a shared set of events.
 Sudar Oli (Tamil: சுடர் ஒளி Cuṭar Oḷi) is a Tamil language Sri Lankan daily newspaper published by Mass Media Syndicate (Private) Limited part of the Uthayan Group of Newspapers. It was founded in 2000 and is published from Colombo. Its sister newspaper is the Jaffna based Uthayan. The newspaper has been attacked several times a number of its staff have been murdered by paramilitary groups and other forces and it regularly receives threats.
 Blood Beast is the fifth book in Darren Shan's The Demonata series and was released 4 June 2007. It is narrated by Grubbs Grady the narrator of Lord Loss and Slawter. The plot is part of a two-part story which continues in book six. Though the previous four books have not been in chronological order this book is the furthest book into the future. It mainly deals with whether or not Grubbs Grady will be struck with lycanthropy and how he will deal with it.
 Strikebreaker is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the January 1957 issue of The Original Science Fiction Stories under the title Male Strikebreaker and reprinted in the 1969 collection Nightfall and Other Stories under the original title Strikebreaker.
 Roald Dahl: Collected Stories is a hardcover edition of short-stories by Roald Dahl for adults. It was published in the US in October 2006 by Random House as part of the Everyman Library. The present volume includes for the first time all the stories in chronological order as established by Dahl's biographer Jeremy Treglown in consultation with the Dahl estate.
 The Jordan Medical Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal that is published by the University of Jordan Deanship of Scientific Research and the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research in Jordan.It was established in 1966 and covers the fields of medical sciences.
 The Irish Skipper is an Irish fishing magazine which covers the Irish fishing and processing sectors as well as news events technical developments and current affairs from the marine sector. Founded in February 1964 it is currently owned and run by Foilseachan na Mara Teo and based in the Anagray in Donegal's Gaeltacht region.
 Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang is a science fiction novel by Kate Wilhelm published in 1976. Parts of it appeared in Orbit 15 in 1974. It was the recipient of the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1977 and was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1976. The title of the book is a quotation from William Shakespeare's Sonnet 73.
 Barrow Street is a twice-a-year American poetry magazine founded in 1998 and based in New York City. The small journal has published prominent poets and its poems have been reprinted in anthologies such as The Best American Poetry series.Some of the poets whose work has appeared in the magazine include Kim Addonizio Billy Collins David Lehman Richard Lehnert Jeffrey Levine Robert Wrigley and Rachel Zucker. The editors also run Barrow Street Press a small press with a book contest.
 The Emigrants (German: Die Ausgewanderten) is a 1992 collection of narratives by the German writer W. G. Sebald. It won the Berlin Literature Prize the Literatur Nord Prize and the Johannes Bobrowski Medal. The English translation by Michael Hulse was first published in 1996.
 Pak Lat Chronicles is a Mon language chronicle. It is so called because it was first published in Pak Lat near Bangkok in Siam in two volumes.The provenance and chronology of the manuscripts of these two volumes are uncertain and as of 2005 had not been analyzed in depth by a Burma Mon scholar.
 Reproductive Sciences is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes papers in the fields of obstetrics and gynecology. The editor-in-chief is Hugh S. Taylor (Yale University). It was established in 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Gynecologic Investigation.
 The Adding Machine is a collection of essays written by Beat Generation writer William S. Burroughs. This collection was first published in the United Kingdom in 1985 followed by an American edition in 1986.
 Burning is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It only appears in his short story collection Capitol.
 Date With Debbi is a DC Comics comic book series which ran for 18 issues between 1969 and 1972. The series was about the attempts of Debbi to find happiness often through dating. A spin-off title Debbi's Dates ran for 11 issues from 1969 to 1971.The series won recognition in the industry including the 1970 Shazam Award for Best Inker (Humor Division) for Henry Scarpelli for his work on it Leave It to Binky and other DC comics.
 Don't Forget the Bacon! is a children's book written and illustrated by Pat Hutchins. It was published by Bodley Head in 1976. The story is about a little boy who tries to memorise a list of groceries his mother has asked him to buy.
 El delantero centro fue asesinado al atardecer (1989) (English Offside) is a novel from Manuel Vázquez Montalbán.
 Mothers and Sons is a collection of short stories written by Irish writer Colm Tóibín and published in 2006. The book was published in hardback by Picador and each of its stories explores an aspect of the mother-son relationship. All take place in contemporary Ireland except that the last and longest A Long Winter takes place in Catalonia perhaps twenty years after the Spanish Civil War.
 Out of the Everywhere is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It is the twenty-first of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in May 1990.
 The Penultimate Truth is a 1964 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick. The story is set in a future where the bulk of humanity is kept in large underground shelters. The people are told that World War III is being fought above them when in reality the war ended years ago. The novel is based on Dick's 1953 short story The Defenders. Dick also drew upon two other of his short stories for the plot of the novel: The Mold of Yancy and The Unreconstructed M.
 The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle (ねじまき鳥クロニクル Nejimakidori Kuronikuru) is a novel published in 1994–1995 by Japanese author Haruki Murakami. The first published translation was by Alfred Birnbaum. The American translation and its British adaptation dubbed the only official translations (English) are by Jay Rubin and were first published in 1997. For this novel Murakami received the Yomiuri Literary Award which was awarded to him by one of his harshest former critics Kenzaburō Ōe.
 Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is a 1996 novel written by Rebecca Wells. It follows the novel Little Altars Everywhere. In 2005 Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom and then The Crowning Glory of Calla Lily Ponder. Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood tells the story of the downward spiraling mother-daughter relationship of Vivian Walker and Siddalee Walker.
 The Map and the Territory (French: La carte et le territoire French pronunciation: ​[la kaʁt e lə tɛʁitwaʁ]) is a novel by French author Michel Houellebecq. The narrative revolves around a successful artist and involves a fictional murder of Houellebecq. It was published on 4 September 2010 by Flammarion and received the Prix Goncourt the most prestigious French literary prize in 2010.
 The Vanguard is a daily newspaper published by Vanguard Media based in Lagos Nigeria. Vanguard Media was established in 1983 by veteran journalist Sam Amuka-Pemu with three friends. The paper has an online edition.The newspaper is one of the few in Nigeria that is considered independent of political control the others being Thisday The Punch and The Guardian.In June 1990 the paper was briefly suspended by Col.
 Catalyst is a 2002 novel by Laurie Halse Anderson about a senior named Kate Malone.
 Slouching Towards Bethlehem is a 1968 collection of essays by Joan Didion and mainly describes her experiences in California during the 1960s. It takes its title from the poem The Second Coming by W. B. Yeats. The contents of this book are reprinted in Didion's We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live: Collected Nonfiction (2006).
 While Mortals Sleep is a collection of sixteen previously unpublished short stories by Kurt Vonnegut released on January 25 2011. It is the third posthumously published Kurt Vonnegut book the first being Armageddon in Retrospect the second being Look at the Birdie. The book begins with a foreword by Dave Eggers. Illustrations by Vonnegut himself appear throughout.
 Curse of the Mummy is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Jonathan Green illustrated by Martin McKenna and originally published in 1995 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2007. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 59th (and last) in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-037553-8) and 27th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-802-5).
 Toons For Our Times is the second collection of the comic strip series Bloom County by Berkeley Breathed. It was published in 1984.It is preceded by Loose Tails and followed by Penguin Dreams and Stranger Things.
 The Grisly Wife is a 1993 Miles Franklin literary award winning novel by the Australian author Rodney Hall.The Miles Franklin Award Judges' Report called it a novel with a rather surprising vision. This novel is the third book in The Yandilli Trilogy (also referred to as A Dream More Luminous Than Love) following the novels Captivity Captive in 1988 and The Second Bridgeroom in 1991.
 Madness Under The Royal Palms - Love and Death in Palm Beach is a book by author Laurence Leamer published by Hyperion and released on January 20 2009.
 Heavier Than Heaven is the name of a 2001 biography of musician Kurt Cobain the frontman of the grunge band Nirvana. It was written by Charles R. Cross.For the book Cross desired to create the definitive Cobain biography and over four years conducted 400+ interviews; in particular he was granted exclusive interviews and access to Cobain's private journals lyrics and photos by his widow Courtney Love.
 The Complete Patents of Nikola Tesla (ISBN 978-1-566-19266-8) is a book compiled and edited by Jim Glenn detailing the patents of Nikola Tesla.
 In the Line of Fire: A Memoir is a book that was written by former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and first published on September 25 2006. The book contains a collection of Musharraf's memories and is being marketed as his official autobiography.
 The Independent Weekly established in September 2004 was an independent newspaper published and circulated in Adelaide capital of South Australia. The newspaper was released weekly on Saturdays.The Independent Weekly featured articles of critical and intellectual substance especially with regard to local issues and was a champion of the arts in Adelaide.
 Virgil Finlay: An Astrology Sketchbook is a collection of drawings by Virgil Finlay. It was published in 1975 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2000 copies. The book contains astrological art by Finlay withintroductions by Beverly C. Finlay and Robert Prestopino.
 The Tropicana Holiday is a striptease revue starring Jayne Mansfield. It was launched in February 1958 under a four weeks contract which was extended to eight. The opening night raised $20000.00 for March of Dimes ($163483 in 2014 dollars). Mansfield received $25000.00 per week for her performance as Trixie Divoon in the show ($204354 in 2014 dollars). The show was produced by Monte Proser and stage managed by Earl Barton.
 Northwest Passage is a historical novel by Kenneth Roberts published in 1937. Told through the eyes of primary character Langdon Towne much of the novel follows the exploits and character of Robert Rogers the leader of Rogers' Rangers who were a colonial force fighting with the British during the French and Indian War. Structurally Northwest Passage is divided into halves.
 The Taipei Times is now one of only two daily English-language newspapers in Taiwan its competitor being the The China Post (a third paper the Taiwan News ceased printing in 2010). Established in 1999 the Taipei Times is published by the Liberty Times Group which publishes the Taiwanese language newspaper the Liberty Times which has a pro-Taiwan independence editorial line. Along with such newspapers as The Guardian it is a participant of Project Syndicate established by George Soros.
 The Making of a Counter Culture: Reflections on the Technocratic Society and Its Youthful Opposition is a work of non-fiction by Theodore Roszak originally published in 1969.Roszak first came to public prominence in 1969 with the publication of his The Making of a Counterculture which chronicled and gave explanation to the European and North American counterculture of the 1960s.
 The Alamat ng Gubat (Legend of the Forest) is a 2003 novel which was the fourth book published by Bob Ong a Filipino contemporary author noted for using conversational Filipino to create humorous and reflective depictions of life as a Filipino. Among Bob Ong's works it is notable for being the first one to be a self-contained straightforward narrative rather than a collection of anecdotes.
 SPO:) is a Lithuanian monthly sports magazine owned by media conglomerate UAB MKG. SPO:) is the first and currently only magazine in Lithuania dedicated to recent developments in various sports. Its first issue was published in January 2005. SPO:) includes a large number of color photographs scouting reports from NBA and Euroleague and posters in the center of the magazine.
 Athletics Weekly is the world's only weekly athletics magazine.It is published in the United Kingdom by Athletics Weekly Limited and covers news results fixtures coaching and product advice for all aspects of athletics including track and field cross-country road racing and race walking.
 STONe (ストーン Sutoon) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Sin-Ichi Hiromoto. Kodansha released the two bound volumes of the manga on April 23 2002 and August 23 2002 respectively.The manga is licensed for an English-language release in North America be Tokyopop. Tokyopop released the two bound volumes of the manga on September 7 2004 and December 7 2004 respectively.
 Canal Dreams is a novel by Scottish writer Iain Banks published in 1989.
 Shattered is a 2006 novel by Eric Walters.
 Lament for a Nation is a 1965 essay of political philosophy by Canadian philosopher George Grant. The essay examined the political fate of Prime Minister John Diefenbaker's Progressive Conservative government in light of its refusal to allow nuclear arms on Canadian soil and the Liberal Party's political acceptance of the warheads.
 The Manchester Evening News (commonly abbreviated as the MEN) is a regional daily newspaper covering the general Manchester area in the United Kingdom. It is published every day except Sunday and is owned by Trinity Mirror plc following its sale by Guardian Media Group in early 2010. It has an average daily circulation of 73622 of which only 47633 are paid for.
 Contact is a science fiction novel written by Carl Sagan and published in 1985. It deals with the theme of contact between humanity and a more technologically advanced extraterrestrial life form. It ranked No. 7 on the 1985 U.S. bestseller list. The novel originated as a screenplay in 1979; when development of the film stalled Sagan decided to convert the stalled film into a novel.
 The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal on psychopathology. It was established in 1874. Articles cover theory etiology therapy and social impact of illness and research methods.
 Jersey Beat is an American music zine. It was founded in 1982 by music critic Jim Testa. As of 2007 the zine stopped publishing print issues but continues as an online publication. Jersey Beat covers the music scene both internationally and locally with special emphasis on the East Coast states.
 The Promptorium parvulorum (Latin: Storehouse for children) is an English-Latin bilingual dictionary which was completed about year 1440. It was the first English-to-Latin dictionary. It occupies about 300 printed book pages. Its authorship is attributed to Geoffrey the Grammarian a friar who lived in Lynn Norfolk England.After the invention of the printing press the Promptorium was published repeatedly in the early 16th century by the printer Wynkyn de Worde.
 The Farther Shore is the second book of two of the Homecoming series. It takes place directly after the show's final episode Endgame. This article is about a current Star Trek: Voyager relaunch novel.
 The Revelation is the 45th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Ellen Geroux. It is the first book in the ten-book arc that finalized the story of the Animorphs. It is narrated by Marco.
 Shargh (شرق in Persian meaning East in English) is the most popular reformist newspaper in Iran.
 Boutique Design magazine is a trade publication produced by ST Media Group International. As the only hospitality interiors magazine that focuses specifically on boutique hospitality Boutique Design (BD) is the authority on the boutique hotel spa and restaurant market. About designers and for designers BD features major hospitality projects industry news and products which are relevant to the industry in each of its bi-monthly issues. The publication debuted in spring 2005.
 In The August was a short story by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin first published in Russkaya mysl 1901 #8 August issue.[citation needed]
 Weekly Shōnen Big Comic (週刊少年ビッグコミック Shūkan Shōnen Biggu Komikku) was a bi-weekly manga magazine published by Shogakukan in Japan from 1979 to 1987. From 1976 to 1979 the magazine was titled Manga-kun (マンガくん) before being renamed Shōnen Big Comics in 1979. In 1987 the magazine changed format and was renamed Weekly Young Sunday.
 The God in the Bowl is one of the original short stories featuring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard but not published during his lifetime. It is set in the pseudo-historical Hyborian Age and concerns Conan robbing a temple museum only to be ensnared in bizarre events and be deemed the prime suspect in a murder mystery. The story first saw publication in September 1952 in Space Science Fiction and has been reprinted many times since.
 The Lament for the Destruction of Hungary by the Tartars (Latin Planctus destructionis regni Hungariae per Tartaros) is a prominent piece of medieval Latin Hungarian poetry. It was written in 1242 shortly after the invasion of Hungary by the Tartars of Batu Khan by a monk in the retinue of King Béla IV.In the lament the poet expresses the view that the invasion is God's punishment for the sins of the Hungarians.
 Black Sun Red Moon is the first novel by British author Rory Marron. It is published in two parts with the second part titled Merdeka Rising.The novel is set in Java at the end of World War Two preceding the Indonesian War of Independence. Japan is about to surrender and the Imperial officers stationed in Indonesia must make decisions about the Dutch colony they took over. Indonesian rebel leaders want Japan to grant their country independence before the Japanese surrender.
 Next is a newspaper in Nigeria that covers news opinion arts & culture business and entertainment.Next is published by Timbuktu Media group which was founded by Pulitzer Prize winning writer Dele Olojede in 2004.The group is based in Lagos Nigeria and South Africa and is involved in publishing printing and broadcasting.Other Timbuktu Media publications are NEXT on Sunday Elan (a fashion glossy) X2 and the website 234NEXT.com.Olojede is a former staffer on New York's Newsday who won a Pulitzer prize for a report on the Rwandan genocide. 
 Be My Guest is a science fiction short story by Damon Knight. It was first published in the September 1958 issue of Fantastic Universe and was re-printed in the collections Off Center and The Others. It has the elements of a ghost story as well as science fiction themes.
 Twins is a young adult novel written by Marcy Dermansky. It was originally published on October 17th 2006 by William Morrow and Company. It is written in the first person but the narration alternates between two twin sisters Sue and Chloe. The events described begin on the eve of the twins' thirteenth birthday when they agree to get matching tattoos to prove their bond is stronger than DNA.
 Marude Dameo (丸出だめ夫) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kenji Morita (森田拳次). The series stars an elementary school boy named Dameo Marude (丸出 だめ夫 Marude Dameo) who has little success with anything he tries and a robot named Borot (ボロット Borotto) which is good with housekeeping. It was serialized in the Kodansha magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1964 to 1967.
 The Shelbourne Ultimatum is a 2012 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the twelfth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 The Castle in the Attic is a children's fantasy novel by Elizabeth Winthrop first published in 1985. The novel has won the Dorothy Canfield Fisher Children's Book Award and the California Young Reader Medal. It has also been nominated for twenty-three state book awards.
 Nightwood is a 1936 novel by Djuna Barnes first published in London by Faber and Faber. An edition published in the United States in 1937 by Harcourt Brace included an introduction by T. S. Eliot.Nightwood is notable because it is one of the earliest novels written by a well-known novelist to portray explicit homosexuality. It is also notable for its intense gothic prose style. Regarding the difficulty of reading the novel's dense prose T.S.
 The Death of Ivan Ilyich (Russian: Смерть Ивана Ильича Smert' Ivana Ilyicha) first published in 1886 is a novella by Leo Tolstoy one of the masterpieces of his late fiction written shortly after his religious conversion of the late 1870s.The novella tells the story of the death at age 45 of a high-court judge in 19th-century Russia.
 Integrated Blood Pressure Control is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on hypertension using integrated treatments and strategies. The journal was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press. The editor-in-chief is Steven Atlas (Mount Sinai School of Medicine).
 A Bad Case of Stripes is a children's book by David Shannon published in 1998 by Scholastic Press. A 2004 study found that it was a common read-aloud book for fourth-graders in schools in San Diego County California. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 Nātyakalpadrumam (നാട്യകല്‍‌പദ്രുമം in Malayalam नाट्यकल्पद्रुमम्् in Devanagiri) is a book written by (late) Nātyāchārya Vidūshakaratnam Padma Shri Guru Māni Mādhava Chākyār (who was the ultimate exponent of Koodiyattam and Abhinaya) about all aspects of ancient Sanskrit drama theatre tradition of Kerala- Kutiyattam. It was first published in Malayalam (1975) by Kerala Kalamandalam with financial assistance of Sangeet Natak Academi New Delhi.
 El Tiempo Latino is a Spanish-language free-circulation weekly newspaper published in Washington D.C.. The paper was founded in 1991 and acquired by The Washington Post Company in 2004. Is is now owned by Nash Holdings the Jeff Bezos-owned company which owns the Post. The newspaper has over 34000 readers in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The publication was named the Best Hispanic Weekly in the United States by The National Association of Hispanic Publications in 2004.
 Union Times Today (UTT) is an English-language Tabloid Newspaper that is widely read throughout India. It is managed by Sanjiv R. Desai which is owned by the [SSR Publication Private Limited].
 The Arms and Equipment Guide is the name of two supplementary rule books for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. Each describes various equipment that can be used in a campaign.
 A Bend in the Road is the fifth novel by the American author Nicholas Sparks who also wrote the romance love novels A Walk to Remember The Notebook and The Rescue. It was published in 2001.
 Merry Tales is a short volume with sketches by Mark Twain published by Webster in 1892
 The Curse of the Blue Tattoo is a historical novel by L.A. Meyer. It continues the story of orphaned London girl Jacky Faber in the early 19th century. The story began in Bloody Jack and continues in Under the Jolly Roger In the Belly of the Bloodhound Mississippi Jack My Bonny Light Horseman Rapture of the Deep The Wake of the Lorelei Lee and The Mark of the Golden Dragon.
 Worlds of Weber: Ms. Midshipwoman Harrington and Other Stories is a collection of short works by David Weber published in hardcover in September 2008 by Subterranean Press. Mass market paperback and e-book editions were released in October 2009 by Baen Books.
 The Empathic Civilization: The Race to Global Consciousness in a World in Crisis is a 2010 non-fiction book written by Jeremy Rifkin. It connects the evolution of communication and energy development in civilizations with psychological and economic development in humans.
 Neuro: Supernatural Detective known in Japan as Majin Tantei Nōgami Neuro (Japanese: 魔人探偵 脳噛ネウロ lit. Demon Detective Neuro Nōgami) is a Japanese supernatural detective manga series written and illustrated by Yūsei Matsui. The series follows Neuro Nōgami a demon who depends on mysteries for sustenance. Having consumed all the mysteries in the demon world Neuro travels to the human world in search of more.
 Red River (天は赤い河のほとり Sora wa Akai Kawa no Hotori lit. The Sky Is on the Banks of the Red River) also known as Anatolia Story is a historical fantasy shōjo manga series by Chie Shinohara. It is published in Japan by Shogakukan in Sho-Comi and collected in 28 volumes. It is published in English in North America by VIZ Media with 25 volumes released as of April 2009 and the remaining 3 published thereafter.
 The Fifth Sacred Thing is a 1993 post-apocalyptic novel written by Starhawk.
 Inger! (full title Inger! A Modern-Day Viking Discovers America) is a true story (dramatic nonfiction) book by American writer James N. Sites. It was released in 2006 by the Jesse Stuart Foundation. The story is a first-person account of the life of the writer Sites and his wife Inger the heroine of this book.
 Grass Roots is the fourth novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 1989 by Simon & Schuster. The novel takes place in Delano Georgia some years after the events of Deep Lie. The story continues the story of the Lee family of Delano Georgia. Will Lee is now working at his father's firm and running for the senate.The novel was turned into a mini series.
 The Pitt News is an independent student-written and student-managed newspaper for the main campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Oakland which has been active in some form since 1910. It is published Monday through Friday during the regular school year and Wednesdays during the summer.
 The Leader-Spirit is a community newspaper serving the communities of Dresden Bothwell and Thamesville Ontario. Its first issue was published on Dec. 31 2008. The Leader-Spirit is a tabloid and is a paid paper that goes to about 2000 subscribers. The Leader-Spirit is an amalgamation of the Dresden Leader and the Spirit of Bothwell.
 Kyojin no Hoshi (巨人の星 trans. Star of the Giants) is a Japanese sports manga written by Ikki Kajiwara and illustrated by Noboru Kawasaki. It was adapted as the first sports anime television series[citation needed]broadcast in Japan in 1968. It later spawned 2 anime sequels and different anime movies.The manga appeared in Weekly Shōnen Magazine about the actual baseball team Yomiuri Giants using fictional characters.
 Dexter by Design (2009) is a psychological thriller written by Jeff Lindsay. It is the fourth novel in the Dexter series preceded by Darkly Dreaming Dexter (which formed the basis for the Showtime television series Dexter) Dearly Devoted Dexter and Dexter in the Dark.Dexter by Design was released in the United Kingdom on February 19 2009.
 The Children's Hospital is the second novel by Chris Adrian published in 2006 by McSweeney's.
 The Revista Ideas y Valores is an academic journal of philosophy edited and published by the National University of Colombia. It appears three times per year and publishes articles in all areas of philosophy.
 The Dreamer is a webcomic written and drawn by Lora Innes. It is ongoing and currently updates on Fridays. The comic has been running since 2007. In 2009 a collected edition was published by IDW Publishing.
 The Wakefield Daily Item is an independent weekday daily newspaper published in Wakefield Massachusetts with issues published Mondays through Fridays.Fred W. Young printed the first Item on May 7 1894 running the paper until selling to printer Alstead W. Browne in March 1900; he sold out to Harris M.
 Le Petit Robert is a popular single-volume French dictionary first published by Paul Robert in 1967 an abridgement of his eight-volume Dictionnaire alphabétique et analogique de la langue française.As of 2008 it is in its fourth edition and is available in both print and electronic forms.It is also widely used across European nations.It is published by Dictionnaires Le Robert.
 Clash is a popular music and fashion magazine and website based in the United Kingdom. It is published 10 times a year by Music Republic Ltd.The brand's content alternates between modern bands such as The Horrors Florence & The Machine and Jamie xx as well as hip-hop artists like DJ Shadow Kanye West and Beastie Boys who have all had cover spots in recent issues. It concentrates on music and fashion and often their effect on surrounding culture as well as film and technology.
 Kyōran Kazoku Nikki (狂乱家族日記? The Diary of a Crazed Family) is a light novel series by Akira(日日日) with illustrations by x6suke. A 26-episode anime adaptation was broadcast in 2008.
 Surgical Innovation is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Surgery. The journal's editors are Adrian E. Park MD FRCS (Dalhousie University) and Lee Swanstrom MD (Legacy Health System). It has been in publication since 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Molecular Plant Pathology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Society for Plant Pathology. It was established in January 2000. The journal covers research concerning plant pathology in particular its molecular aspects such as plant-pathogen interactions. The editor-in-chief is Marty Dickman (Texas A&M University).
 The Art of Happiness (Riverhead 1998 ISBN 1-57322-111-2) is a book by the Dalai Lama and Howard Cutler a psychiatrist who posed questions to the Dalai Lama. Cutler quotes the Dalai Lama at length providing context and describing some details of the settings in which the interviews took place as well as adding his own reflections on issues raised.The book explores training the human outlook that alters perception.
 Cracking India (1991 U.S. 1992 India; originally published as Ice Candy Man 1988 England) is a novel by author Bapsi Sidhwa.Sidhwa's novel deals with the partition of India and its aftermaths. This is the first novel by a female novelist from Pakistan which describes the fate of people in Lahore. The novel deals with the bloody partition of India through the eyes of a girl Lenny growing up in a Parsee family surviving through female bonding and rebellion.
 Indigo Slam is a 1997 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the seventh in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole. It was nominated for the Shamus Award.[citation needed]
 The Boy Who Followed Ripley is a 1980 psychological thriller by Patricia Highsmith the fourth in her acclaimed series about career criminal Tom Ripley (known as the 'Ripliad'). In this book Ripley continues living quietly in his French estate Belle Ombre only obliquely involved in criminal activity. His idyll is shaken however when he meets a teenaged boy hiding from the police.
 The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl are memoirs of a former London call girl written by Dr. Brooke Magnanti under the pseudonym Belle de Jour.From the summer of 2003 to the autumn of 2004 Belle charted her day-to-day adventures on and off the field in a web diary. The blogs were then published into the book in which Belle elaborates on the diary entries and tells of how she became a Call Girl.
 Guitarist is a monthly music making magazine published by Future plc in the United Kingdom. The magazine features reviews of newly released guitars amplifiers and other equipment plus interviews with guitar players features on the guitar industry news articles and features on playing technique that are accompanied by tablature.
 Codename: Sailor V (Japanese: コードネームはセーラーＶ Hepburn: Kōdo Nēmu wa Sērā Bui) is a manga created by Naoko Takeuchi. The series revolves around the character Minako Aino a cheerful schoolgirl who finds out that she has magical powers that she must use to protect the people of the Earth. Codename: Sailor V is the basis for its sequel Sailor Moon.
 The Tale of Cross-eyed Lefty from Tula and the Steel Flea (Russian: Сказ о тульском косом Левше и о стальной блохе Skaz o Tulskom kosom Levshe i o stalnoy Blokhe) The Tale of the Crosseyed Lefthander from Tula and the Steel Flea or simply Levsha (Russian: Левша left-handed) sometimes called The Lefthander Lefty The Steel Flea or The Left-handed Craftsman is a well-known 1881 skaz (story) by Nikolai Leskov.
 The National Business Review (or NBR) is a weekly New Zealand newspaper aimed at the business sector. The paper was up until 2012 owned by Barry Colman who also publishes the Grocers Review and several other small trade publications. Todd Scott has been the managing editor of the paper since 2012.
 The Union Seminary Quarterly Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering theology that was established in 1939. The editor-in-chief is Jason Wyman.
 El Cazador was a CrossGen comic book title set in the Sigilverse CrossGen's shared universe. However whereas most Sigilverse titles were set in the far future El Cazador took place on Earth during the Golden Age of Piracy of the 17th century. It contains none of the magical science-fiction or fantastical elements of the other Sigilverse titles.El Cazador began in 2003 and ran for six issues before CrossGen's bankruptcy brought the series to a halt.
 Baby and Me (Japanese: 赤ちゃんと僕 Hepburn: Aka-chan to Boku) is a shōjo manga by Marimo Ragawa. It was originally published in Japan by Hakusensha and was published in English by Viz Media serialized in the magazine Shojo Beat. It received the 40th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo in 1995. The series was adapted as an anime television series in 1996. Some episodes were dubbed in Arabic.Baby and Me describes the detailed lifestyle of an elementary child and is highly praised in many aspects.
 The Runaway Skyscraper is a science fiction short story by Murray Leinster that first appeared in the February 22 1919 issue of Argosy magazine. Although Leinster had been appearing regularly in The Smart Set and pulp magazines such as Argosy and Short Stories for three years The Runaway Skyscraper was his first published science fiction story (or more accurately scientific romance since Hugo Gernsback had yet to coin the phrase science fiction).
 Fraser of Africa is a comic strip that ran one page a week in full colour in the British comic Eagle in 1960-61 written by George Beardmore and illustrated by Frank Bellamy. It follows Martin Fraser a white hunter in the game reserves of colonial Tanganyika as he tracks down an American film star who has gone missing on safari hunts down European ivory poachers and helps a Maasai warrior rescue his tribe from Arab slavers.
 The Looking-Glass is a 1943 novel by William March. A continuation of his Pearl County series of novels and short stories it is considered by many to be his greatest work. Originally titled Kneel to the Prettiest.
 Scottish Folk Tales is a 1976 anthology of 18 fairy tales from Scotland that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders. In the foreword the author writes [T]hey are age-old stories and come from various parts of Scotland. Some of the tales she continues come from John o' Groats Orkney and the Border country among other areas.
 Malacologia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of malacology the study of mollusks. The journal publishes articles in the fields of molluscan systematics ecology population ecology genetics molecular genetics evolution and phylogenetics.The journal specializes in publishing long papers and monographs. The journal publishes at least one sometimes two volumes of about 400 pages per year which may consist of 1 or 2 issues.
 Beasts of No Nation is a 2005 novel by Uzodinma Iweala. The novel follows the journey of a young boy Agu who is forced to join a group of soldiers in an unnamed West African country. While Agu fears his commander and many of the men around him his fledgling childhood has been brutally shattered by the war raging through his country and he is at first torn between conflicting revulsion and fascination with the mechanics of war.
 The Journal of Beckett Studies publishes academic articles relating to the work of Samuel Beckett (1906–1989) the Irish poet dramatist and playwright. Published twice yearly by Edinburgh University Press in April and September it was established in 1976 under the editorship of John Pilling and James Knowlson. It was edited from 1989 by Stan Gontarski and is now edited by Anthony Uhlmann (University of Western Sydney).
 Toxicology Mechanisms and Methods is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of toxicology. The editor-in-chief is Rakesh Dixit. The journal is published 9 times per year by Informa. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.367 ranking it 67th out of 85 journals in the category Toxicology.
 You Make My Head Spin (世界はテメェでまわってる Sekai wa Temee de Mawatteru) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kazuhiko Mishima. It is serialized in Biblos's manga magazine Be x Boy  collected in four chapters. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on September 9 2008.
 The Punisher is the fifth eponymous Marvel Comics comic book series featuring the character Frank Castle also known as the Punisher. It consists of 37 issues as part of the Marvel Knights imprint. Most of the issues in this series are written by Garth Ennis; however Tom Peyer Steve Dillon and Ron Zimmerman also feature as writers. The series continues on from Ennis' The Punisher vol. 4 limited series.
 The Revolution Will Not Be Microwaved: Inside America's Underground Food Movements is a 2003 book by food activist Sandor Katz that examines how contemporary food production differs drastically from our recent past. The author challenges the corporate food industry as well as the way we think about food. He suggests how traditional cultural practices of sustainable agriculture might subvert the corporate farm system.
 Nabou is a 1968 science fiction novel by German author Günther Krupkat. Written as a sequel to his 1963 novel Als die Götter starben Nabou narrates an expedition into the interior of the Earth. A member of a research team investigating Earth's crust is revealed to be a cyborg or Biomat left by an advanced spacefaring people called the Mejuans.
 Charano! (キャラの！) is a monthly Japanese light novel magazine first published on September 2006. The magazine is aimed at young adult males. It was first titled Novel Japan but on June 30 2007 its title was changed to Charano!.
 The Emperor's Tomb (German: Die Kapuzinergruft) is a 1938 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth. The Overlook Press published an English translation by John Hoare in 1984. The novel was adapted into the 1971 film Trotta directed by Johannes Schaaf. New Directions Publishing Corporation published a new translation by Michael Hoffman in 2013[citation needed].
 K. is a crime novel by the American writer Mary Roberts Rinehart (1876–1956) set in post-Victorian era Allegheny City Pennsylvania (which since 1907 has been a part of the city of Pittsburgh).It tells the story of Sidney who takes in a boarder with the initial K. and whose presence leads to mystery.Ms Rinehart is considered the American Agatha Christie.
 Blackwater is a thriller novelette by Conn Iggulden. It was written as part of the Quick Reads initiative of the 2006 World Book Day.Blackwater is described as a dark psychological thriller signalling a change in genre from an author used to writing historical fiction.On the forum of his website Conn described the idea behind the book:I was asked if I wanted to write a novelette of 15-20000 words adult themed.
 The Lady of the Lake (Polish original title: Pani Jeziora) is the fifth and final novel in the Witcher Saga written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Sapkowski first published in Poland in 1999. It is a sequel to the fourth Witcher novel The Swallow's Tower (Wieża Jaskółki).
 The Ornithology of Australia comprises three volumes (of an uncompleted set) of lithographed hand-coloured illustrations of Australian birds with accompanying text. It was authored by Silvester Diggles of Brisbane and was originally issued in 21 parts each part containing six plates (126 plates in all) with short descriptive letterpress in imperial quarto format with the leaves of the plates 39 cm in height. The parts were printed for the author by T.P. Pugh.
 Indiana Jones and the Peril at Delphi is the first of 12 Indiana Jones novels published by Bantam Books. Rob MacGregor the author of this book also wrote five of the other Indiana Jones books for Bantam. It was published January 1 1991 and was followed by Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants.
 The Language of Bees is a 2009 mystery novel by American author Laurie R. King. Ninth in King's Mary Russell series the story features detectives Mary Russell and her husband Sherlock Holmes. The events of the novel follow soon after those found in King's preceding novel Locked Rooms.
 Pop Dick and Harry was a long lasting British comic strip series that ran in the The Beezer comic from 1956-1990. It was the only comic strip to run for the full duration of the comic's run. Dick and Harry were always unkind to their overweight father. Twins Dick and Harry sported the most ridiculous hairstyles ever seen in a comic strip; Dick had blonde hair and Harry black.
 English Text Construction is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering English studies including applied linguistics English language teaching cultural studies linguistics and literary studies. It is published by John Benjamins Publishing Company and was established in 2008. The journal publishes articles and book reviews as well as review articles.
 The Snail and the Whale is a children's book by former children's laureate Julia Donaldson illustrated by longtime collaborator Axel Scheffler. It has won several awards including 2004 Early Years award for the best pre-school book the 2005 Blue Peter award for Best Book to Read Aloud and the 2007 Giverny award for Best Science Picture Book.
 A Hole in Space (U.K. edition ISBN 0-86007-853-1) is a collection of 9 science fiction short stories and one essay all by Larry Niven published in 1974.
 Rumpole and the Golden Thread is a 1982 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole. They were adapted from his scripts for the TV series of the same name.The stories were:The stories were:Rumpole and the Female of the SpeciesRumpole and the Genuine ArticleRumpole and the Golden ThreadRumpole and the Last ResortRumpole and the Old Boy NetRumpole and the Sporting Life↑
 Rez Biz is the title of an American monthly magazine initially distributed in Arizona and New Mexico. The magazine is targeted to Native Americans who are interested in running their own businesses and seeking success stories. Its goal is to improve the economic living conditions of Native Americans. Rez Biz was founded in 2005 by George Joe and Michael Clani both members of the Navajo Nation.
 Dainik Navajyoti (in Hindi दैनिक नवज्योति) is a Hindi language daily newspaper published from Jaipur Jodhpur Ajmer & Kota Rajasthan. It started in 1936.
 The Science of Good and Evil is a book by Michael Shermer on ethics and evolutionary psychology. The book was published in 2004 by Henry Holt and Company under the full title The Science of Good and Evil: Why People Cheat Gossip Care Share and Follow the Golden Rule.
 The International Journal of Biometeorology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal which publishes original research papers review articles and short communications on studies examining the interactions between living organisms and factors of the natural and artificial physical environment.
 The Knight and Knave of Swords is a fantasy short story collection by Fritz Leiber featuring his sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. It is chronologically the seventh and last volume in the complete seven volume edition of the collected stories devoted to the characters.
 The Journal of International Cooperation (JIC) is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal published biannually by the Taiwan International Cooperation Alliance (TICA) and sponsored by the International Cooperation and Development Fund (Taiwan ICDF).
 Crazy Magazine was an illustrated satire and humor magazine and was published by Marvel Comics from 1973 to 1983 for a total of 94 regular issues (and two Super Specials Summer 1975 1980). It was preceded by a standard-size comic book titled Crazy consisting of reprints from Not Brand Echh which lasted three issues.Many comic book artists and writers contributed to the effort in the early years.
 Making Tracks was a 1981 musical play with words by Alan Ayckbourn and music by Paul Todd. It is set in a recording studio and is about Stan a recording studio owner in debt to businessman Wolfe who stakes everything on singer/songwriter Sandy whilst actually using the voice of Lace: Stan's ex-wife and Wolfe's new partner.Although the musical enjoyed good ticket sales critical reaction was lukewarm.
 House of Steel: The Honorverse Companion was published by Baen Books on May 7 2013.The book includes : 1 story I Will Build My House of Steel by David Weber color illustrations and the Honorverse Companion 1921 PD The Star Empire of Manticore Introduction Astrography History Government People Nonhuman Sentient Species The Royal Manticoran Navy The Royal Manticoran Marine Corps The Royal Manticoran Army The Protectorate of Grayson Introduction Astrography	 History	 Government People The Grayson Space Navy The Grayson Army Afterword Building a Navy in the Honorverse Frequently Asked Questions About BuNine About the Authors↑ ↑
 The New Braunfels Herald-Zeitung is a newspaper based in New Braunfels Texas covering the Comal County area of Central Texas. It publishes six days a week (excluding Monday). It is owned by Southern Newspapers.Early Texas German settler and botanist Ferdinand Lindheimer was the first editor when the newspaper began as the weekly German-lanaguage publication Neu-Braunfelser Zeitung in 1852.
 Avengers vs. X-Men (abbreviated AvX) is a 2012 crossover event that was featured in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The event consisting of an eponymous limited series and numerous tie-in books involves the return of the Phoenix Force and the subsequent war between the Avengers and the X-Men.
 Beautiful Swimmers: Watermen Crabs and the Chesapeake Bay (1976) is a Pulitzer Prize winning non-fiction book by William W. Warner about the Chesapeake Bay blue crabs and watermen.
 Ashen Victor known in Japan as Haisha (灰者) is a futuristic manga by Yukito Kishiro taking place in the same universe as his Battle Angel Alita series specifically in the Scrapyard.
 The Buckinghamshire Examiner more usually known as the Bucks Examiner is a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays and distributed in the towns of Amersham Chesham and the surrounding villages in the Chiltern area of Buckinghamshire England. It is published by Trinity Mirror It was first published in 1889 under the banner Amesham Examiner. The paper moved to Chesham in the 1890s along with the Amersham & Rickmansworth Times.
 The Prehistory of The Far Side: A 10th Anniversary Exhibit is a book chronicling the origin and evolution of The Far Side (including cartoonist Gary Larson's first strip Nature's Way) giving inside information about the cartooning process and featuring a gallery of Larson's favorite Far Side cartoons from the 1980s.
 Fusion was an American comic book series published from 1987–1989 by Eclipse Comics whose creative team included the writer Steven Barnes the artists Lela Dowling and Steve Gallacci conceptual editor Lex Nakashima and many more.The world of Fusion is centuries in our future when a series of galactic wars have led to a spiraling arms race between tekkers and splicers — that is between those who take a technological and technocratic route to improving humanity and those who have abandoned humanity altogether through genetic engineering. 
 Ore Twintail ni Narimasu. (俺、ツインテールになります。 I Will Become a Twintail) is a Japanese light novel series written by Yume Mizusawa and illustrated by Ayumu Kasuga. Shogakukan has published five volumes under their Gagaga Bunko imprint since June 2012. An anime adaptation is in production.
 Petseri Postimees was a newspaper published in Estonia in 1909–1910.
 LaGrange Daily News is a newspaper owned by Heartland Publications and published daily.
 The Jana Aastha National Weekly is a weekly tabloid published in Nepal. It generally publishes opinions and sensational breaking news that is followed by other national dailies. Its background is tilted to the left but it is known for exposing the irregularities of the left movement as well.
 Poison Study is a 2005 fantasy novel written by Maria V. Snyder and the first book in the Study series.It tells the story of a nineteen-year-old girl named Yelena who after spending just less than a year in a dungeon awaiting execution is given the chance to live on the condition that she will become the Commander's Food Taster.
 Timothy McSweeney's Quarterly Concern is a literary journal first published in 1998 edited by Dave Eggers. The first issue featured only works rejected by other magazines but thereafter the journal began to include pieces written with McSweeney's in mind. McSweeney’s has since published works by many notable writers including Denis Johnson William T. Vollmann Joyce Carol Oates Jonathan Lethem Michael Chabon Susan Straight Roddy Doyle T.
 My Cleaner is a novel by English author Maggie Gee. It was first published in 2005 by Saqi Books and concerns racism and family life. According to Bernardine Evaristo it was her best novel to that date.Maggie Gee visited Uganda in 2003 sponsored by the Cheltenham Literature Festival's 'Across Continents' commission and a Society of Authors grant and the novel features many scenes set in that country. The story is continued in My Driver (2009).
 Juliet Naked is a novel by the British author Nick Hornby released on 29 September 2009 by Riverhead Books. It tells the story of Annie the long-suffering girlfriend of obsessed music fan Duncan and the object of his obsession fictional singer-songwriter Tucker Crowe. The plot revolves around the release of Juliet Naked the first new Tucker Crowe release in over two decades.
 Brain Structure and Function is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on brain structure-function relationships. It was established in 1891 as Anatomische Hefte renamed first Zeitschrift für Anatomie und Entwicklungsgeschichte in 1921 and then Anatomy and Embryology in 1974 before obtaining its current name in 2007.
 The Crow is a fantasy novel by Alison Croggon. It is the third book of her Pellinor tetralogy.
 The Uncommon Reader is a novella by Alan Bennett. After appearing first in the London Review of Books Vol. 29 No. 5 (8 March 2007) it was published later the same year in book form by Faber & Faber and Profile Books.An audiobook version read by the author was released on CD in 2007.
 Boiled Angel was an independent comic book by Florida-based underground comic book artist Mike Diana in the early 1990s. The comic contained graphic depictions of a variety of taboo and gory subject matters.In a 1990 review Mike Gunderloy of Factsheet Five called Boiled Angel a prime candidate for banning in the 90s. In 1993 a copy of Boiled Angel #8 (or Ate) found its way into the hands of Florida Assistant State's Attorney Stuart Baggish.
 David Starr Space Ranger is the first novel in the Lucky Starr series six juvenile science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov that originally appeared under the pseudonym Paul French. The novel was written between 10 June and 29 July 1951 and first published by Doubleday & Company in January 1952. Since 1971 reprints have included an introduction by Asimov explaining that advancing knowledge of conditions on Mars have rendered some of the novel's descriptions of that world inaccurate.
 Frindle is a 1996 children's novel written by American author Andrew Clements and illustrated by Brian Selznick.Frindle was Clements's first novel. All his previous works had been picture books. Clements described the idea as having come to him in the form of the thought What would happen if a kid started using a new word and other kids really liked it but his teacher didn't?
 El Faro is an online digital newspaper founded in 1998. The newspaper claims to be the first exclusively digital newspaper in Latin America (El primer periódico digital latinoamericano).Jorge Simán of Palestinian origin and Carlos Dada of Greek-Lebanese origin are the founders of the newspaper. They are sons of political exiles and they returned to El Salvador with the purpose of starting a newspaper that would completely change Salvadoran media.
 Sometimes They Come Back is a short story by Stephen King first published in the March 1974 issue of Cavalier and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.
 Marville is a 2002 comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Bill Jemas and the stories involve satirical comments on comic book industry conventions and trends.
 The El Dorado Times is an American daily newspaper published in El Dorado Kansas. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper covers several communities in northern and eastern Butler County Kansas part of the Wichita metropolitan area.
 Achagiotika Nea (Greek: Αχαγιώτικα Νέα meaning Achaean News) is a newspaper that covers its top stories in Kato Achaia and the northwestern Achaia prefecture. It was first published in 1990.
 The Malay Mail is a newspaper in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia first published in 1 December 1896 when KL was the capital of the then new Federated Malay States making it the first daily to appear in the FMS.
 Marginalia is a collection of Fantasy Horror and Science fiction short stories essays biography and poetry by and about the American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1944 and was the third collection of Lovecraft's work published by Arkham House. 2035 copies were printed.The contents of this volume were selected by August Derleth and Donald Wandrei. The dust-jacket art is a reproduction of Virgil Finlay's illustration for Lovecraft's story The Shunned House.
 Pickles is a daily and Sunday comic strip by Brian Crane focusing on a retired couple in their seventies Earl and Opal Pickles. Inspired by Crane's in-laws the strip describes their efforts to enjoy retirement which instead proves quite imperfect for both. Earl is characterized as having a bald head glasses and a bushy white mustache and wears suspenders. Opal is characterized as somewhat chubby bespectacled and is often seen wearing purple polka-dotted dresses and white sneakers.
 The Concubine's Children: Portrait of a Family Divided is a non-fiction book written by Chinese-Canadian writer Denise Chong first published in January 1995 by Penguin Books. In the book the author traces her family's history giving a narrative account of members from both sides of the ocean. The Concubine's Children is Chong's first book which she compiled from letters photographs and memory.
 The Dumb Waiter is a one-act play by Harold Pinter written in 1957.Small but perfectly formed The Dumb Waiter might be considered the best of Harold Pinter's early plays more consistent than The Birthday Party and sharper than The Caretaker.
 Stonehenge in its landscape: Twentieth century excavations by R. M. J. Cleal K. E. Walker and R. Montague is an archaeological report on Stonehenge published in 1995. It presented the results of a two year intensive study of all the known records of the various excavations at Stonehenge in the twentieth century including a rephasing of the development of the monument.Unlike popular books on the subject Stonehenge in its landscape details the complex archaeological stratigraphy of the site.
 The Haikou Evening News (Chinese: 海口晚报; pinyin: Hǎikǒu Wǎnbào; literally Haikou Evening News) is a daily Chinese language newspaper published in Haikou City Hainan Province China.
 Set in Darkness is a 2000 crime novel by Ian Rankin. It is the eleventh of the Inspector Rebus novels.
 The Counterplot is the second novel by Hope Mirrlees.
 Dewey: A Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World is a best-selling non-fiction book published in September 2008. The book covers the life and times of Dewey Readmore Books the cat in residence at the Spencer Public Library in Spencer Iowa.
 The Massachusetts Spy (est.1770) was a newspaper published by Isaiah Thomas in Boston and Worcester Massachusetts in the 18th century.It was a heavily political weekly paper that was constantly on the verge of being suppressed by the Royalist government from the time of its establishment in 1770 to 1776 during the runup to the American Revolution.
 El Imparcial founded in 1918 was a Puerto Rican newspaper. It circulated daily except Sundays. Its complete name was El Imparcial: El diario ilustrado de Puerto Rico.El Imparcial was given new life in 1933 under the leadership of Antonio Ayuso Valdivieso. In the 1970s Miguel A. García Méndez bought the newspaper. The headquarters of the newspaper was destroyed by arson in an act of political sabotage.
 The Epic Level Handbook is a rule-book by Wizards of the Coast for the 3rd edition of Dungeons & Dragons. The book was published in 2001 and contains optional game rules for playing characters who have reached a higher experience level than is allowed for in the standard rules. This is referred to in the book as epic level play.
 One for the Money is the first novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum. It was published in 1994 in the United States and in 1995 in Great Britain. Like its successors Two for the Dough and Three To Get Deadly One for the Money is a long-time best-seller appearing for 75 consecutive weeks on the USA Today list of 150 best-selling novels peaking at number 13.Before this novel Evanovich wrote 11 category romance novels.
 The Seven Basic Plots: Why We Tell Stories is a 2004 book by Christopher Booker a Jungian-influenced analysis of stories and their psychological meaning. Booker worked on the book for 34 years.
 Moth Smoke is a novel written by Mohsin Hamid published in 2000. It tells the story of Darashikoh Shezad a banker in Lahore Pakistan who loses his job falls in love with his best friend's wife and plunges into a life of drugs and crime. It uses the historical trial of the liberal Mughal prince Dara Shikoh by his brother Aurangzeb as an allegory for the state of Pakistan at the time of the 1998 nuclear tests.
 Casablanca is a novella written by Edgar Brau in Nevada United States in November–December 2002. In the story set in Buenos Aires Province Argentina a rich Argentine ranch owner builds a replica of Rick's Café Américain on his estate with the idea of reproducing in it by means of doubles the most important scenes of the movie Casablanca .
 The Arte de la lengua mexicana con la declaración de los adverbios della is a grammar of the Nahuatl language in Spanish by Jesuit grammarian Horacio Carochi. This classic work on the Classical Nahuatl language is now considered by linguists to be the finest and most useful of the many extant early grammars of Nahuatl.
 In Mike We Trust is a young adult gay novel by P. E. Ryan first published in 2009. It depicts a teenage gay boy who falls under the sway of his con artist uncle (who is the twin brother of the boy's recently deceased father).
 The Annual Review of Biophysics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Annual Reviews covering research in the field of biophysics. It appears annually in June.
 Aswaq Magazine is an Arabic magazine in Malaysia. The Magazine is one of few Arabic magazines in the country. The magazine which is based in Selangor Malaysia covers all types of Malaysian business sectors and events but focuses on tourism related events places and organizations.
 The Australian Journal of Linguistics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of linguistics established in 1981. It is the official journal of the Australian Linguistic Society and is published by Routledge. Its main focus is theoretical linguistics as well as matters pertaining particularly to Australia such as Australian English and its indigenous languages. The current editor-in-chief is Keith Allan.
 Heavy Metal is an American science fiction and fantasy comics magazine known primarily for its blend of dark fantasy/science fiction and erotica. In the mid-1970s while publisher Leonard Mogel was in Paris to jump-start the French edition of National Lampoon he discovered the French science-fantasy magazine Métal Hurlant which had debuted January 1975.
 Terrorist is the 22nd novel written by John Updike.
 The Clinton News-Record has been a tabloid publication in Ontario Canada in the town of Clinton village of Bayfield and surrounding communities since 1865. It was established in 1865 was a broadsheet publication until it changed to tabloid in 2006.
 Dance of the Dead is a fantasy horror novel by Christie Golden set in the world of Ravenloft and based on the Dungeons & Dragons game.
 The Picturegoers (1960) is the first novel by British novelist David Lodge.The novel interweaves scenes at and near a neighborhood movie theatre using movies as a touchstone for exploring Catholic values in a changing world where the cinema introduces values and behaviors from the greater society that differ from those of the traditional community.
 Otogimoyou Ayanishiki (お伽もよう綾にしき) is a manga series by Kyoko Hikawa which first ran in LaLa from 2005 to 2006. Later it was transferred to Melody where it continues to be published to this date (2007/09/18).
 D'Ro'd Wullmaus was a newspaper published in Luxembourg between 1970 and 1973.
 Carbonates and Evaporites is an international scientific journal published 4 times a year by Springer and provides a forum for the exchange of concepts research and applications on all aspects of carbonate and evaporite geology. This includes the origin and stratigraphy of carbonate and evaporite rocks and issues unique to these rock types: weathering phenomena notably karst; engineering environmental issues; mining minerals extraction and caves and permeability.
 Dame Oyaji (ダメおやじ lit. No Good Dad) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mitsutoshi Furuya. It was serialized by Shogakukan in Shōnen Sunday from September 23 1970 (issue 43) to July 28 1982 (issue 30). Dame Oyaji received the 1979 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen manga.
 The Princeton Field Guide to Dinosaurs is a book on dinosaurs written by the prestigious paleontologist and artist Gregory S. Paul and was published by Princeton University Press in 2010. It has also been printed in a British edition entitled Dinosaurs: A Field Guide produced by A & C Black.The Princeton Field Guide to Dinosaurs covers the dinosaurs biology their extinction and many different genera and species illustrated with many sketches and skeletal drawings.
 O Primo Basílio (Cousin Bazilio) is one of the highest regarded realist novels of the Portuguese author José Maria de Eça de Queiroz also known under the modernized spelling Eça de Queirós. He worked in the Portuguese consular service stationed at 53 Grey Street Newcastle upon Tyne from late 1874 until April 1879.
 The Constant Gardener is a 2001 novel by John le Carré. It tells the story of Justin Quayle a British diplomat whose activist wife is murdered. Believing there is something behind the murder he seeks to uncover the truth and finds an international conspiracy of corrupt bureaucracy and pharmaceutical money.The plot was based on a real-life case in Kano Nigeria.
 Fingerprints of the Gods: The Evidence of Earth's Lost Civilization is a book first published in 1995 by Graham Hancock in which he echoes 19th century writer Ignatius Donnelly author of Atlantis: The Antediluvian World (1882) in contending that some previously enigmatic ancient but highly advanced civilization had existed in prehistory one which served as the common progenitor civilization to all subsequent known ancient historical ones.
 From Far Away (彼方から Kanata Kara) is a fantasy shōjo manga by Kyoko Hikawa. It was published by Hakusensha in LaLa from 1993 to 2003 and collected in 14 tankōbon volumes. It is licensed in North America by Viz Media.
 The Devil in Dover: An Insider's Story of Dogma v. Darwin in Small-Town America is a 2008 book by journalist Lauri Lebo about the Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District intelligent design trial through her own perspective as a local reporter on the trial as she confronted her own attitudes about organized religion and her father who was a fundamentalist Christian.
 The News Line is a daily newspaper published by a British Trotskyist group the Workers' Revolutionary Party. It was launched in 1969 as Workers Press and renamed News Line in 1976.For a time during the 1980s the WRP split into two rival factions and for a short time there were two versions of The News Line being produced every day one by each faction.
 The Ultimate Revelations is an Islamic science fiction novel by Jamshed Akhtar.
 WORD is a triannual academic journal of linguistics published by the International Linguistic Association.
 Metro Chinese Weekly is a Chinese language newspaper based in Philadelphia Pennsylvania published every Friday serving the Greater Philadelphia area including Northern Delaware and Southern New Jersey. It is published by New Mainstream Press a publishing company that caters specifically to the Asian-American communities.
 Invincible is the ninth and final book in the Legacy of the Force series. It is a novel by Troy Denning and was released on May 13 2008.
 City of Thieves is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Ian Livingstone and illustrated by Iain McCaig. Originally published by Puffin Books in 1983 the title is the fifth gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002.
 New Arabian Nights by Robert Louis Stevenson first published in 1882 is a collection of short stories previously published in magazines between 1877 and 1880. The collection contains Stevenson's first published fiction and a few of the stories are considered by some critics to be his best work as well as pioneering works in the English short story tradition.
 Triumphs of a Taxidermist is an 1894 short story by British writer H. G. Wells. The story was originally published anonymously in the March 3rd and 15th 1894 issues of the Pall Mall Gazette and later published in the 1895 short story collection The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents.
 Developmental Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering developmental psychology and developmental cognitive neuroscience that was established in 1998. The current editors are Charles A. Nelson Michelle de Haan and Paul C.
 The Western Journal of Nursing Research is a peer-reviewed nursing journal that covers clinical research in the field of nursing. It was established as a quarterly in 1979 by founding editor-in-chief Pamela Brink working with the Western Council on Higher Education in Nursing and KNI Publishing which was acquired by Sage Publications in 1984. In 2003 it became the official journal of Midwest Nursing Research Society. Brink was succeeded by Vicki Conn in 2007.
 Scary Tales was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1975 to 1984. The book was hosted by Countess R.H. Von Bludd an alluring female vampire in a tight-fitting dress. Artist Steve Ditko was a regular contributor to the book during its entire run.Scary Tales was part of a wave of new horror and suspense comics published by Charlton during this period.
 Otogi Matsuri: Dark Offering (おとぎ奉り) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Junya Inoue. It has been serialized by Wani Books in Comic Gum from 2002 and collected in 12 tankōbon volumes released from December 2002 to September 23 2008. The series is licensed in North America by Central Park Media and in France by Doki-Doki.
 The Good Witch of the West (西の善き魔女 Nishi no Yoki Majo) is a series of fantasy novels by Noriko Ogiwara published by Chuokoron-Shinsha. The series has been adapted into both a manga series and a thirteen episode anime television series broadcast in Japan in 2006. The story revolves around a fifteen-year-old commoner who discovers that she is really a princess.The manga and novels were licensed for English language releases in North America by Tokyopop.
 Angler: The Cheney Vice Presidency is a book by Washington Post investigative reporter Barton Gellman published in 2008. Presenting information in a narrative fashion Gellman asserts that United States Vice President Dick Cheney misled Republican leaders about the threat of Iraq before the invasion of Iraq by the United States. The book levels several allegations against Cheney and his administration.
 Balarama (literally Joy of Kids) is an Indian comic magazine published by Malayala Manorama Publications Limited from Kottayam Kerala in Malayalam-language. It is one of the most largely read comic magazines in India. Starting as a monthly in 1972 it became a fortnightly periodical in November 1984 before finally settling as a weekly in 1999.Balarama played a major role in the development of children's literature in Malayalam.
 The Poet of Tolstoy Park is the 2005 debut novel of Sonny Brewer published by Ballentine. The novel inspired by the life of Henry Stuart who moved from Idaho to Alabama in the 1920s after being told incorrectly that he had a year to live has made Stuart's Alabama home a site of pilgrimage for its readers. The book has been optioned for a film and as of 2007 was in pre-production.
 The Journal of Cell Science (formerly the Quarterly Journal of Microscopical Science) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of cell biology. The journal is published by the The Company of Biologists with 24 annual issues.
 The Japanese Journal of Religious Studies is a biannual open access journal of research on religion in Japan. It was established in 1960 as Contemporary Religions in Japan by the International Institute for the Study of Religions in Tokyo and published until 1970. It was revived under its current name in 1974 and has since been published by the Nanzan Institute for Religion and Culture since 1981.
 Promised Land is the fourth Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker first published in 1976. It won the Edgar Award for Best Novel in 1977.
 Star Trek Magazine is an authorized periodical published bi-monthly by Titan UK in the United Kingdom Ireland Australia and New Zealand devoted to the Star Trek franchise. The magazine has limited distribution in Europe. In August 2006 the magazine began to be published in North America with issue 128 being issue 1 in the US version.Star Trek Magazine was the first regular magazine to be published by Titan Magazines and is its longest-running title.
 Hitler's Willing Executioners: Ordinary Germans and the Holocaust (1996) is a book by American writer Daniel Goldhagen that argues that the vast majority of ordinary Germans were as the title indicates willing executioners in the Holocaust because of a unique and virulent eliminationist antisemitism in the German identity which had developed in the preceding centuries.
 Tintorettor Jishu (Tintoretto's Jesus) is a mystery novel by Satyajit Ray about an adventure of Feluda. A movie directed by Sandip Ray has been made based on the story (released in December 2008). An extensive shoot schedule at Hong Kong during May 2008 takes Feluda movies to a new height. The book was published by Ananda Publishers in 1983.
 Ecology and Society (formerly Conservation Ecology) is a quarterly open access interdisciplinary scientific journal published by the Resilience Alliance. It covers an array of disciplines from the natural sciences social sciences and the humanities concerned with the relationship between society and the life-supporting ecosystems on which human well-being ultimately depends. The journal's editors are Carl Folke (Stockholm Resilience Centre) and Lance Gunderson (Emory University). C. S.
 First published in 1956 The Drunken Forest is an account of a six months trip Gerald Durrell made with his wife Jacquie to South America (Argentina and Paraguay) in 1954.
 Aristotle and the Gun and Other Stories is a 2002 collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp published in hardcover by the Gale Group as part of its Five Star Speculative Fiction Series.The book contains short works of fiction by the author spanning much of his writing career having originally been published from 1939 to 1993. It also contains an introduction by Harry Turtledove.
 For the band see Space Invaders (Player One song).Player One: What Is to Become of Us is a book written by Douglas Coupland for the 2010 Massey Lectures. Each of the book's five chapters was delivered as a one hour lecture in a different Canadian city: Vancouver on October 12 Regina on October 14 Charlottetown on October 19 Ottawa on October 25 and ending in Toronto on October 29. The lectures were broadcast on CBC Radio One's Ideas November 8–12.
 The Sex Magicians is the first novel by Robert Anton Wilson released in 1973. It revolves around the goings-on at the Orgasm Research Foundation; its main protagonists are Josie Welch and Dr. Roger Prong. The book has long been out-of-print though it is now widely available on the internet as a .pdf file.
 Flanimals is a children's book series written by comedian Ricky Gervais. The book illustrated by Rob Steen depicts a list of seemingly useless or inadequate animals and their behaviour.The cover Flanimal is the Grundit. The book is published by Faber and Faber which has also published the sequels More Flanimals Flanimals of the Deep and Flanimals: The Day of the Bletchling.
 The Robots of Dawn is a whodunit science fiction novel by Isaac Asimov first published in 1983. It is the third novel in Asimov's Robot series.It was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1984.
 Dos Abend Blatt (The Evening Paper; original extensive title Yiddish: אבענד בלאטט פון דיא ארבייטער צייטונג; Abend blatt fun di arbayter tsaytung) was a Yiddish language daily newspaper published in New York City United States. Dos Abend Blatt was launched as an outgrowth of the weekly Di Arbeter Tsaytung (Workman's Paper). Published between 1894 and 1902 it was an organ of the Socialist Labor Party of America (SLP).Dos Abend Blatt was the first socialist Yiddish daily to appear in New York.
 Mary's Land by Lucia St. Clair Robson is a 1995 historical novel set in the year 1638. It is based on Margaret Brent's life.
 The Mobile Wave: How Mobile Intelligence Will Change Everything is a 2012 nonfiction book by technologist Michael J. Saylor the founder chairman and CEO of MicroStrategy Inc. The Mobile Wave provides an analysis of then-current trends in mobile technology from the point of view of a scholar of the history of science.
 No Land! No House! No Vote! Voices from Symphony Way (2011) is an anthology of 45 factual tales written and edited by the controversial Symphony Way Pavement Dwellers.The foreword to the book is written by the well-known activist and author Raj Patel and the introduction is penned by Miloon Kothari Former United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Right to Adequate Housing.
 End Time: Notes on the Apocalypse is a 1996 science fiction novel by G.A. Martiasz set in the year of 2007. It is published and distributed by AK Press.
 The Political Zoo is a book written by the American conservative talk radio host Michael Savage. The book is unlike Savage's previous works (The Savage Nation (2003) The Enemy Within (2004) Liberalism is a Mental Disorder (2005) in that it is a parody of 51 public figures most of whom are liberal political figures and celebrities (and at least one Socialist).
 And a Star to Steer Her By is a science fiction short story by G. Harry Stine under the name Lee Correy originally published in the June 1953 edition of Astounding Science Fiction. It was later published in Every Boy's Book of Outer Space Stories. The title comes from a line in John Masefield's poem Sea-Fever.
 The Cutting Room is the debut novel of Scottish author Louise Welsh. The book was first published in 2002 by Edinburgh-based publisher Canongate. It has won several awards including the 2002 Saltire Society First Book Award.
 Curve is a magazine about industrial design and product design. Published quarterly since 2002 it features interviews and profiles with designers product developers and manufacturers as well as coverage of new materials technologies and trends in industrial design.
 The Famous Tay Whale is a poem by William Topaz McGonagall about a humpback whale hunted and killed in 1883 in the Firth of Tay near Dundee Scotland then the UK's main whaling port. The Tay whale came to public prominence when it was subject to a public dissection by Sir John Struthers and taken on a tour of the UK. Its skeleton now resides in the McManus Galleries in Dundee city centre.McGonagall's poem was set to music by the composer Mátyás Seiber in 1958.
 Educating Eve: The 'Language Instinct' Debate is a book by Geoffrey Sampson providing arguments against Noam Chomsky's theory of a human instinct for (first) language acquisition. Sampson explains the original title of the book as a deliberate allusion to Educating Rita (1980) and uses the plot of that play to illustrate his argument.
 Narrow Boat is a book about life on the English canals written by L. T. C. Rolt. Originally published in 1944 it has continuously been in print since.It describes a four-month trip that Rolt took with his bride Angela at the outbreak of the Second World War. The book is credited with a revival of interest in the English canals leading directly to the creation of the Inland Waterways Association which spearheaded the restoration and leisure use of the canals.
 Sojourn: Journal of Social Issues in Southeast Asia is a leading interdisciplinary journal devoted to the study of social and cultural issues in Southeast Asia. It publishes empirical and theoretical research articles with a view to promoting and disseminating scholarship in and on the region. The areas of special concern are ethnicity religion urbanization migration and development.
 The Review of Financial Studies is an academic journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Financial Studies. It was established following discussions at the 1986 Western Finance Association (WFA) meetings and the first issue was published in 1988.
 Premalekhanam (The Love Letter) is Vaikom Muhammad Basheer's first work (1943) to be published as a book. The novel is a humorous story of love. Through the hilarious dialogs Basheer attacks religious Conservatism and the dowry system.
 Infamous: Post Blast is a graphic novel that was released on IGN.com depicting the events that lead up to the events of Infamous. There currently are four comics each focusing on both Cole MacGrath and John White. The story of the comics take place between the Introduction and First Glimpse.
 A quien corresponda (To Whom it may Concern) is an Argentine novel written by Martín Caparrós. It was first published in 2008. The book is a combination of anecdotes stories and situations recalled by the protagonist Carlos el Gallego(the Galician) in order to remember his partner who was assassinated by the Argentinian military during the National Reorganization Process.
 Stosunki Międzynarodowe (International Relations) is a monthly journal in Poland dedicated to international relations foreign policy and diplomacy. It was founded on 1999 by Michał Sikorski. The editorial office is currently located in Warsaw. Stosunki Międzynarodowe has a circulation of 6000 copies and is published by International Relations Research Institute in Warsaw (Instytut Badań nad stosunkami Międzynarodowymi).
 Erema; or my father's sin is a three-volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1877. The novel is narrated by a teenage girl called Erema whose father escaped from England having been charged with a murder he did not commit. Erema has grown up in exile with her father and the story begins in California in the 1850s.
 A Pele do Ogro is a novel by Miguel M. Abrahão published in 1996 in Brazil
 Programming the Universe is a 2006 popular science book by Seth Lloyd professor of mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The book proposes that the universe is a quantum computer and advances in the understanding of physics may come from viewing entropy as a phenomenon of information rather than simply thermodynamics.
 The World of Fine Wine abbreviated WFW is a British quarterly publication for a wealthy audience of wine enthusiasts and collectors. Originally published by Quarto Magazines Ltd and now published by Progressive Media International the first issue was released in June 2004. It has been described as an up-market Decanter with longer more in-depth features more credible tastings and less advertising.
 Harshini is a fantasy novel written by Australian author Jennifer Fallon. It is the third in a trilogy titled the Demon Child.
 The Titans is a historical novel written by John Jakes and originally published in 1976. It is the fifth book in The Kent Family Chronicles. The novel mixes fictional characters with historical events and figures to tell the story of the United States of America of the Civil War times.
 The Daily Sangram also known as Dainik Sangram (Bengali: দৈনিক সংগ্রাম Doinik Shônggram Daily Struggle) is a Pro-Jamaat-e-Islami Bengali daily newspaper published from Dhaka Bangladesh. The name of the editor is Mohammad Abul Asad who is also the writer of the series Symum. The Daily Sangram publishes both Bangladesh and international news as well as local and regional perspectives.
 Bad Planet is an American six-issue comic book limited series by Thomas Jane and Steve Niles that started in 2005. It was one of the first comics produced under the writers' own Raw Studios imprint for Image Comics.The story is about an ancient meteorite containing destructive alien organisms crashing down on Earth in modern times. Another alien a single warrior appears on Earth to help prevent its destruction at the hands of the malevolent invaders.
 Confluence: The Journal of Graduate Liberal Studies is an interdisciplinary academic journal covering liberal studies that is published by the Association of Graduate Liberal Studies Programs. It was established in 1995 as the Journal of Graduate Liberal Studies (ISSN 1082-6246) and obtained its current name in 2006.The editor-in-chief is Ken Smith (Indiana University).
 The Guarani: Brazilian Novel (Portuguese: O Guarani: Romance Brasileiro) is a 1857 Brazilian novel written by José de Alencar. It first came out as a feuilleton in the newspaper Diário do Rio de Janeiro but due to its enormous success Alencar decided to compile his writing in a volume.
 An Infinite Summer is the second collection of short stories by Christopher Priest and the first of his books to collect stories set in the Dream Archipelago. The stories had all previously been published in various anthologies and magazines; they may be described somewhat interchangeably as science fiction fantasy literature metafiction and macabre.
 Tree and Leaf is a small book published in 1964 containing two works by J. R. R. Tolkien: a revised version of an essay called On Fairy-Stories (originally published in 1947 in Essays Presented to Charles Williams) an allegorical short story called Leaf by Niggle (originally published in the Dublin Review in 1945).The book was originally illustrated by Pauline Baynes.Mythopoeia was added to the 1988 edition (ISBN 0395502322).
 The Fighting Ground is a 1778 young adult historical fiction novel written by Edward Irving Wortis under his pen name Avi. The book is about a 13-year-old boy named Jonathan who runs away to fight in the American Revolutionary War. The novel covers two days April 3 and 4 1778.The Fighting Ground won the 1984 Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction and was listed on the ALA's Notable Children's Books list.
 5280 is the city magazine in Denver Colorado published by 5280 Publishing Inc. Its name derives from Denver's elevation of 5280 feet (1609 m / 1 mile) above sea level.The magazine was founded in 1993 by Daniel Brogan a former reporter and columnist for The Chicago Tribune.
 Fanfare is an American bimonthly magazine devoted to reviewing recorded music in all playback formats. It mainly covers classical music but since inception has also featured a jazz column in every issue.The magazine now runs to over 600 pages in a 6 x 9 format with about 80% of the editorial copy devoted to record reviews and a front section with a substantial number of interviews and feature articles.
 French Cultural Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Cultural Studies. The journal's Editor is Nicholas Hewitt (University of Nottingham). It has been in publication since 1990 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Eden is a 1959 science fiction novel by Stanisław Lem. It was first published in English in 1989 (ISBN 0-15-127580-7).
 The Mice Templar is an American comic book series created by Bryan J. L. Glass and Michael Avon Oeming that is published by Image Comics. The series is an anthropomorphic fantasy tale that follows the struggles of a small group of mice against an evil tyrant king. The series has been published in six to nine issue story arcs. Volume 1 entitled Prophecy was published in 2007 and consisted of six issues. Volume 2 Destiny was published 2009 and consisted of nine issues.
 Tablet of Destinies is a fantasy novel by Traci Harding. It is the second installment of a trilogy known as The Celestial Triad. The story follows a 20th-century Australian woman who is transported to 5th century Wales in an attempt to change the future. Major themes within the book include time travel martial arts magic and psychic phenomenon.
 The Kappa Child is a novel by Hiromi Goto published in 2001. Goto's novel focuses on a Japanese-Canadian woman and her family. The narrator believes herself to have immaculately conceived a kappa (folklore).The novel won the 2001 James Tiptree Jr. Award for Science Fiction and Commonwealth Writers.
 Envy (Russian: Зависть) is a novel published in 1927 by the Russian novelist Yuri Olesha. It is remarkable both for its poetic style undulating modes of transition between the scenes innovative structure biting satire and ruthless examination of Socialist ideals.
 The Saint in Pursuit is the title of a 1970 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint. The novel is credited to Leslie Charteris who created the Saint in 1928 but the book was actually authored by Fleming Lee and is adapted from a comic strip story by Charteris [1].
 Scilicet was established in 1968 by Jacques Lacan as the official French-language journal of the École Freudienne de Paris. Published by Éditions du Seuil it appeared intermittently until the double issue of 1976. The title was revived in 2006 to distribute preparatory texts for the Congresses of the World Association of Psychoanalysis and is now published in both French and Spanish. The new series began with a digital volume and has since extended to three print volumes.
 The Sacred Mushroom and the Cross (subtitled A Study of the Nature and Origins of Christianity Within the Fertility Cults of the Ancient Near East) is a 1970 book about the linguistics of early Christianity and fertility cults in the Ancient Near East. It was written by John Marco Allegro (1923–1988).
 That Book ...of Perfectly Useless Information commonly abbreviated as That Book (the title it was published under in Britain) is a book written by writer Mitchell Symons and published in 2004.
 Swastika Night is a futuristic novel by Katharine Burdekin writing under the pseudonym Murray Constantine first published in 1937. The book was a Left Book Club selection in 1940. The novel is inspired by Adolf Hitler's claim that Nazism would create a Thousand Year Reich.The novel was forgotten for many years until it was republished in the 1980s. Literary historian Andy Croft has described it as the most original of all the many anti-fascist dystopias of the late 1930s.
 Double Jeopardy is a science fiction novel by Fletcher Pratt. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1952 and reprinted as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club in 1953. The first paperback edition was issued in digest form by Galaxy Publishing Corporation as its Galaxy Science Fiction Novel #30 in 1957; a second paperback edition was issued by Curtis Books in 1967. The novel has been translated into Italian.
 The Woman Who Died A Lot is the seventh Thursday Next book by the British author Jasper Fforde. It was published in July 2012; set in an alternative world where love of novels and plays is at the heart of modern society it takes place in a fictional version of Swindon.
 The American Way is an eight-issue American comic book limited series produced under DC Comics' Wildstorm Signature imprint. The series debuted in April 2006 and was created by John Ridley and Georges Jeanty.
 Jim the Boy is a coming-of-age novel by Tony Earley published by Little Brown and Co. in 2000. It details a year in the life of Jim Glass who lives with his mother and three uncles in the small fictional town of Aliceville North Carolina. It is about a boy in a rural town who never really knew how vast the world actually was or how many people there were.
 Dragon Steel is a fantasy novel by Chinese-American author Laurence Yep. It was first published in 1985 and is the second book in his Dragon series. In Dragon Steel Yep decided to expand on the dilemma faced by exiled dragon princess Shimmer that of how to govern since she had been exiled from the Inland Sea at a relatively young age by dragon standards.
 The Story of the Three Bears (sometimes known as The Three Bears Goldilocks and the Three Bears or simply Goldilocks) is a fairy tale first recorded in narrative form by British author and poet Robert Southey and first published anonymously in a volume of his writings in 1837. The same year British writer George Nicol published a version in rhyme based upon Southey's prose tale with Southey approving the attempt to give the story more exposure.
 The Fourposter is a 1951 play written by Jan de Hartog. The two-character story spans thirty-five years from 1890 to 1925 as it focuses on the trials and tribulations laughters and sorrows and hopes and disappointments experienced by Agnes and Michael throughout their marriage. The set consists solely of their bedroom dominated by the large fourposter bed in the center of the room.
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was a comic book based on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles which was issued by Dreamwave Productions in 2003. The first four stories are based on episodes of the 2003 TV series but told from the view of supporting characters before the creation of new stories just as the original issues of TMNT Adventures followed the 1987 TV series before developing new stories.
 Microcosmic God is a science fiction novelette by Theodore Sturgeon. Originally published in April 1941 in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction it was recognized as one of the best science fiction stories of all time by the Science Fiction Writers of America in 1970 and was named as one of the best science fiction stories in polls by Analog Science Fiction and Fact (the renamed Astounding) in 1971 and Locus in 1999.
 13 Treasures is a 2009 juvenile fantasy novel written by Michelle Harrison; it is the first entry in the trilogy The Thirteen Treasures. If features the story of a young girl named Tanya who has the ability to see fairies.
 Friends Forever:A Novel is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Delacorte Press in July 2012. The book is Steel's eighty-seventh novel and (including non-fiction and children's books) her 105th book overall.
 Hitler's Pope is a book published in 1999 by the British journalist and author John Cornwell that examines the actions of Eugenio Pacelli who became Pope Pius XII before and during the Nazi era and explores the charge that he assisted in the legitimization of Adolf Hitler's Nazi regime in Germany through the pursuit of a Reichskonkordat in 1933. The book is critical of Pius' conduct during the Second World War arguing that he did not do enough or speak out enough against the Holocaust.
 Ohikkoshi (おひっこし) is a manga anthology of Hiroaki Samura's romantic comedy works published in English by Dark Horse Manga. It collects the five-part series Ohikkoshi along with the one-shots Luncheon of Tears Diary (Vagabound Shōjo Manga-Ka) and Kyoto Super Barhopping Journal (Bloodbath at Midorogaike).
 Empire of the Sun is a 1984 novel by J. G. Ballard which was awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize. Like Ballard's earlier short story The Dead Time (published in the anthology Myths of the Near Future) it is essentially fiction but draws extensively on Ballard's experiences in World War II. The name of the novel is derived from the etymology of the name for Japan.
 Gazeta Współczesna is a daily newspaper in the city of Białystok Poland. It is also a daily newspaper in the Podlasie region. The English translation is The Modern Newspaper. There are two other newspapers in the city of Białystok and they are called Kurier Poranny and Teraz Białystok.It was founded in 1951.
 Newsweek Argentina is an Argentine monthly news magazine published as the local edition of Newsweek. The magazine sells over 18000 copies per issue. Its editorial director is Alex Milberg and its senior editor is Matías Loewy.The magazine was inaugurated on August 2 2006 and belongs to Sergio Szpolski's media group Grupo Veintitrés.
 Deeds of the Disturber is the fifth in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody. This is the only book in the series which takes place entirely in England.
 The Beggar of Volubilis is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence. The novel the fourteenth in the Roman Mysteries series was published in 2007. It is set during the reign of Titus primarily in Roman Africa. It follows Flavia and her companions as they travel to North Africa in search of her uncle Gaius and join a theatrical troupe to cross the desert from Sabratha to Volubilis.
 On The Water is a monthly American fishing and boating magazine covering both freshwater and saltwater topics. The majority of its articles are submitted by freelance authors usually local fishermen and charter-boat captains. On the Water publishes two versions of the magazine a New England edition and a second dedicated to New York and New Jersey.
 Riki-Oh (力王 Riki-Ō) is a manga which later adapted to two OVAs and a live-action film named Riki-Oh: The Story of Ricky. Created by Masahiko Takajo and Saruwatari Tetsuya the story is about a young man who has learned the art of Qigong from one of Chiang Kai Shek's bodyguards and has become so strong that he can literally punch holes through people and solid objects.
 Vale of Tears is 2004 thriller about a congressman who must thwart a planned “dirty bomb” attack by Qaeda operatives working in Brooklyn and on Long Island. The novel was written by Peter T. King a member of the Republican Party and the U.S. Representative for New York's 2nd congressional district. He also wrote Terrible Beauty.
 Verdad ('Truth') was a short-lived daily tabloid newspaper published in Montevideo Uruguay published in the early 1950s as an organ of the Communist Party of Uruguay. The publication was launched in late August 1950 in the run-up to the general election held in that year.Verdad carried four pages. The newspaper carried the byline Vocero diario del Partido Comunista ('Daily organ of the Communist Party').
 Children of the Jacaranda Tree is the internationally acclaimed debut novel of Iranian writer Sahar Delijani. Partially inspired by the writer's family history it is a story about one of the worst best kept secrets of post-revolutionary Iran: the 1988 executions of Iranian political prisoners. The novel depicts not only the lives of the victims but also those of their families and above all their children.
 Star of the Guardians is a series of fantasy novels by Margaret Weis. The series consists of four volumes: The Lost King King's Test King's Sacrifice Ghost LegionStar of the Guardians is a series of four science fiction / space opera novels written by Margaret Weis without assistance from usual co-author Tracy Hickman. The original trilogy The Lost King King's Test and King's Sacrifice concerns Dion's adventures and eventual rise to the throne.
 Lord of Chaos (abbreviated as LoC by fans) is the sixth book of The Wheel of Time fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan. It was published by Tor Books and released on October 15 1994 and was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1995. Lord of Chaos consists of a prologue 55 chapters and an epilogue. It is the first book of the Wheel of Time to have an epilogue.
 The Al Anbat (Arabic: الأنباط‎) is an independent Arabic daily national newspaper founded in 2005 issued and published in Jordan and headquartered in Amman.
 Conservation Science in Cultural Heritage is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal. It is published by the Department of Cultural Heritage of the Alma Mater Studiorum University of Bologna. Its scope is both historical and technical covering conservation science for cultural heritage.
 Harper's Weekly (A Journal of Civilization) was an American political magazine based in New York. Published by Harper & Brothers from 1857 until 1916 it featured foreign and domestic news fiction essays on many subjects and humor alongside illustrations. It carried extensive coverage of the American Civil War including many illustrations of events from the war. During its most influential period it was the forum of the political cartoonist Thomas Nast.
 The Atlanta Georgian was a daily afternoon newspaper in Atlanta Georgia. Founded by New Jersey native Fred Loring Seely the first issue was April 25 1906 with editor John Temple Graves. They mainly criticized saloons and the convict lease system. In February 1907 Seely expanded the paper by buying out the Atlanta News.
 Mystery in Space is the name of two science fiction American comic book series published by DC Comics and a stand alone Vertigo anthology released in 2012. The first series ran for 110 issues from 1951 to 1966 with a further 7 issues continuing the numbering during a 1980s revival of the title. An 8-issue limited series began in 2006. Together with Strange Adventures Mystery In Space was one of DC Comics' major science fiction anthology series.
 Clutch is an online magazine and blog network whose stated target audience is today's young hip progressive Black woman. The magazine began publication in 2007.In 2009 digital media consultancy Elemental Interactive made a strategic investment in Clutch.
 Etiquette in Society in Business in Politics and at Home (frequently referenced as Etiquette) is a book authored by Emily Post in 1922. The book covers manners and other social rules and has been updated frequently to reflect social changes such as diversity redefinitions of family and mobile technology. The 18th edition of Etiquette (2011) is authored by Post's relatives Peggy Post Anna Post Lizzie Post and Daniel Post Senning.
 Juan-y-Pherick's Journey and Other Poems is a 1916 collection of poems by W. Walter Gill. The book was published by Yn Cheshaght Gailckagh the Manx Society and is Gill's only collection. It is a significant contribution to the literature of the Isle of Man as there are few other individual poetry collections from this period.At the time of the books' release Gill was serving as a private in active service in World War I.
 Dread Dominion is an original novel written by Stephen Marley and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd. It is Marley's second Judge Dredd novel.
 Chase is Dean Koontz's first hardcover novel originally written under the name K. R. Dwyer and released in 1972 it was revised and reissued in 1995 within Strange Highways.
 Vooremaa is a newspaper published in Estonia. It's the official newspaper of Jõgeva County.
 Bilingualism: Language and Cognition is a peer-reviewed academic journal of linguistics focusing on the study of multilingualism including bilingual language competence perception and production bilingual language acquisition in children and adults neurolinguistics of bilingualism (in normal and brain-damaged populations) and non-linguistic cognitive processes in bilinguals. The journal is currently published by Cambridge University Press and was cofounded by François Grosjean in 1998.
 New Writings in SF 12 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the twelfth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1968 followed by a paperback edition by Corgi the same year.The book collects six novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 The Lion In Love is a 1960 play by British dramatist Shelagh Delaney. It premiered at the Belgrade Theatre Coventry on 5 September 1960 With a cast from the English Stage Company the play commenced a run at the Royal Court Theatre on 29 December 1960.
 The Dogs of Babel (also known as Lorelei's Secret in the UK) is the debut novel of Carolyn Parkhurst. It was one of The New York Times Notable Fiction & Poetry books of 2003. The novel became a best-seller. The Dogs of Babel was the first book that Parkhurst wrote; it was not the first novel that Parkhurst envisioned.
 Hitler and Stalin: Parallel Lives is a book by Alan Bullock that puts Adolf Hitler in perspective with Joseph Stalin. It analyses inner doctrine that made victory and unparalleled terror possible. While theorizing the lives of Hitler and Stalin the author prompts the reader with importance of German-Russian axis in the first half of the century.
 Grand Guignol Orchestra (Japanese: 人形宮廷楽団 Hepburn: Guignol Kyūtei Gakudan) is a gothic horror shōjo (targeted towards girls) manga series written and illustrated by Kaori Yuki.
 Johnny's in the Basement is a fiction book by the author Louis Sachar the author of the National Book Award and Newbery Medal winning novel Holes. This book was published in 1981 by Knopf. It is Sachar's second book (Sideways Stories from Wayside School was his first in 1979). The book's title is a reference to the song Subterranean Homesick Blues by Bob Dylan which begins with the line Johnny's in the basement mixing up the medicine.
 We (Russian: Мы) is a dystopian novel by Yevgeny Zamyatin completed in 1921. It was written in response to the author's personal experiences during the Russian revolution of 1905 the Russian revolution of 1917 his life in the Newcastle suburb of Jesmond and his work in the Tyne shipyards during the First World War.[citation needed] It was on Tyneside that he observed the collectivization of labour on a large scale.
 The Willing Flesh (German: Das Geduldige Fleisch 1955) (English translation released 1956) is a novel by Willi Heinrich chronicling the Eastern Front combat experiences of a depleted infantry platoon during the 1943 German retreat from the Taman Peninsula in the Caucasian coast of Russia.The war film Cross of Iron (1977) directed by Sam Peckinpah is based upon this novel. Later editions of The Willing Flesh have been re-titled Cross of Iron to link book and film.
 I Lucifer is the title of an action-adventure novel by Peter O'Donnell which was first published in 1967 featuring the character Modesty Blaise which O'Donnell had created for a comic strip several years earlier. It was the third novel to feature the character.I Lucifer introduces parapsychology a theme that would recur in later books in the Modesty Blaise series.
 Invasion is a 1997 thriller novel by American author Robin Cook.
 This article refers to Beyond the Black Stump the novel. For Beyond the Black Stump the comic strip see Beyond the Black Stump (comic strip)Beyond the Black Stump is a novel by British author Nevil Shute. It was first published in the UK by William Heinemann Ltd in 1956.
 Topdog/Underdog is a play by Suzan-Lori Parks. Parks received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 2002 for the work.
 Forest of Secrets is a children's fantasy novel the third book in the original Warriors series written by Cherith Baldry under the pen name of Erin Hunter. The plot is about Fireheart a ThunderClan warrior attempting to prevent his best friend Graystripe from falling in love with Silverstream whom Graystripe is not allowed to fall in love with. Silverstream later dies giving birth to Graystripe's kits.
 The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World is a 2001 nonfiction book by journalist Michael Pollan. This work explores the nature of domesticated plants from the dual perspective of humans and the plants themselves. Pollan presents case studies that mirror four types of human desires that are reflected in the way that we selectively grow breed and genetically engineer our plants.
 Dances with Wolves is a 1988 novel written by Michael Blake. It was written as a possible source for a screenplay and was later adapted by the author and was produced as a film of the same name in 1990 by Kevin Costner although there were many differences between the novel and film. The novel is set during the American Civil War. The protagonist of the novel Lt.
 The Marvel Saga: The Official History of the Marvel Universe was a comic book series which attempted to condense the first 25 years of Marvel Universe events into a sequential narrative story.
 The Individuated Hobbit: Jung Tolkien and the Archetypes of Middle-Earth is a critical study of the works of J.R.R. Tolkien by Timothy R. O'Neill. It was written from a Jungian perspective with particular emphasis put on archetypes.
 Happiness is Just a Little Thing Called a Rolls Royce is an American play.
 Radiology is a monthly peer reviewed medical journal owned and published by the Radiological Society of North America. The editor is Herbert Y. Kressel (Harvard Medical School). The focus of Radiology is research and other investigations in clinical radiology and related disciplines.
 The Daily FT or the Daily Financial Times is a daily English-language newspaper published in Colombo Sri Lanka by Wijeya Newspapers. Its sister newspaper The Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka) and its Sunday counterpart Sunday Times are among the important newspapers in Sri Lanka.
 The Ode Less Travelled: Unlocking the Poet Within is a book by author actor comedian and director Stephen Fry about writing poetry. Fry covers metre rhyme many common and arcane poetic forms and offers poetry exercises contrasting modern and classic poets. Fry's starting point can be summed up by the quotation with which he heads Chapter One: 'Poetry is metrical writing./If it isn't that I don't know what it is.' (J. V.
 Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules is a 2005 anthology of short stories edited by David Sedaris.Sedaris published this book in order to support 826NYC a nonprofit writing and tutoring center in Brooklyn New York.
 A Catalogue of Books Printed in the Fifteenth Century now in the Bodleian Library (cited as Bod-inc.) is a short title catalogue of more than 5600 incunabula held in the Bodleian Library at the University of Oxford. Bod-inc. stands out among incunabula catalogues for its detailed listing of the contents of each edition being described. It was published on 7 July 2005 by Oxford University Press in six volumes.
 The Dark Heart of Italy: Travels Through Time and Space Across Italy is a 2003 non-fiction book by British journalist Tobias Jones detailing his four years spent in Italy along with discussions on the history and politics of the country. The Dark Heart of Italy was a bestseller in Britain Italy[citation needed] and United States. (The Dark Heart will ensure Italy remains an object of our fascination.
 Nogizaka Haruka no Himitsu (乃木坂春香の秘密 lit. Haruka Nogizaka's Secret) is a Japanese light novel series by Yūsaku Igarashi with illustrations by Shaa. The series originally started serialization in MediaWorks' now-defunct light novel magazine Dengeki hp on June 18 2004. The first novel was released in October 2004 and as of January 2012 15 volumes have been published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
 Tempest is the third novel in the Legacy of the Force series taking place some 40 years after the original Star Wars trilogy. The book is written by Troy Denning and was released in November 2006 in both paperback and hardcover edition.
 The Jiken series (事件シリーズ Jiken shiriizu) are Japanese mystery novels by Kouhei Kadono. Kadono began his career writing light novels but this series came from a mainstream publishing label Kodansha Novels. Del Rey Manga have announced that they will be publishing the first novel in the series in English.
 The Anome (alternate title: The Faceless Man) is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack Vance first published in 1973 (copyright 1971); it is the first book in the Durdane series of novels.
 Shadowplay is the second book in the Shadowmarch tetrology by Tad Williams. It was released in hardcover in the US in March 2007 and has been released with a region-specific hard cover (see illustration below) in the United Kingdom (March 1 2007). Book one Shadowmarch was published in November 2004. Book three of Shadowmarch Shadowrise was released in March 2010.
 The Long War is a science fiction novel by Terry Pratchett and Stephen Baxter. It is a sequel to their award-winning parallel-Earth novel The Long Earth. This book is the second in a projected five-book series.
 Hey Rub-a-Dub-Dub: A Book of the Mystery and Wonder and Terror of Life is a collection of twenty essays by Theodore Dreiser.
 The Cumberland & Westmorland Herald (formerly known as The Penrith Herald The Appleby and Kirkby Stephen Herald and The Mid Cumberland and North Westmorland Herald over the years) is a local newspaper in Cumbria England.Established in 1860 the Herald is an independent weekly broadsheet newspaper covering a large area of East Cumbria including the towns of Penrith Appleby-in-Westmorland Kirkby Stephen Keswick and Alston mainly corresponding to Eden district and part of Allerdale borough.The Newspaper is published weekly on a Saturday (though some shops in Penrith sell it on a Friday evening) with a circulation of approximately 15910 copies (ABC Dec 2012).The Herald is printed at the CN Group's works at Carlisle but is published in Penrith by a company independent of the CN Group. 
 A Positive is a 1998 horror short story by Kaaron Warren.
 A Guide to the New Ruins of Great Britain is a book by the British writer Owen Hatherley published by Verso Books in November 2010. The book is a critique of the architecture and urbanism of postmodern Britain taking the form of a tour of British cities.
 Still Counting the Dead: Survivors of Sri Lanka's Hidden War is a book written by British journalist Frances Harrison a former BBC correspondent in Sri Lanka and ex Amnesty Head of news. The book deals with thousands of Sri Lankan Tamil civilians who were killed cought in the crossfire during the war. This and the governments strict media blackout that would leave the world unaware of their suffering in the Final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War.
 Über is a comic book series written by British author Kieron Gillen and illustrated by Canaan White and Gabriel Andrade. It is published monthly by Avatar Press which released the first issue in April 2013. The comic depicts an alternate World War II in which the Third Reich develops powerful superhuman soldiers in 1945 preventing its imminent defeat and forcing the Allied nations to counter with superhumans of their own.
 Hard Metal was a former Yugoslav music magazine notable as the first Yugoslav magazine dedicated entirely to heavy metal music.
 The Girl Who Played with Fire (Swedish: Flickan som lekte med elden) is the second novel in the best-selling Millennium series by Swedish writer Stieg Larsson.
 Dealing: Or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues is a novel written by Michael Crichton and his brother Douglas Crichton under the joint pseudonym Michael Douglas. It was originally published in 1970. It was serialized in the December 1970 January 1971 and February 1971 issues of Playboy magazine.
 Captain Underpants and the Invasion of the Incredibly Naughty Cafeteria Ladies from Outer Space (and the Subsequent Assault of the Equally Evil Lunchroom Zombie Nerds) is the third book of the Captain Underpants series by Dav Pilkey notable for its very long title with 25 words (that was later mentioned in the 5th book as the book with the annoyingly long title). The series of American children's books are about two fourth graders George and Harold and their mean principal Mr.
 The Spirit of the Liturgy (German: Der Geist der Liturgie) is a 2000 book written by Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger (Pope Benedict XVI) before his ascension to the papacy.
 Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die: Musings from the Road is a memoir written by American country music singer-songwriter Willie Nelson published by HarperCollins. The book received positive reviews and became quickly a New York Times Best Seller upon its release.
 CERN Courier (or sometimes CERN Courier: International Journal of High Energy Physics) is a monthly trade magazine reporting news and events related to CERN's high-energy physics community. It was established in 1959 and is published by IOP Publishing since October 1998.
 Vremya (Russian: Вре́мя) (English: Time) was a monthly magazine published by Fyodor Dostoyevsky under the editorship of his brother Mikhail Dostoyevsky as Fyodor himself due to his status as a former convict was unable to be the official editor.
 Bibliographic Index was a metabibliography and bibliographic database published by the H. W. Wilson Company. It contained in-depth indexing of more than 530000 bibliographies published in English German Dutch and the Scandinavian Slavic and Romance languages including over 185000 full-text bibliographies.In 2004 Bibliographic Index became Bibliographic Index Plus. After EBSCO acquired the H. W. Wilson Company in 2011 the database was discontinued.
 Seeking Gaddafi: Libya the West and the Arab Spring is a biographical account of the Libyan revolutionary and politician Muammar Gaddafi written by the Anglo-Polish politician Daniel Kawczynski.
 Tytania (タイタニア Taitania) is a Japanese novel series written by Yoshiki Tanaka that has not been concluded yet with the latest volume being released in 1991. It has been adapted into an animated television series directed by Noboru Ishiguro. It premiered on NHK's BS-2 satellite channel on October 9 2008.
 The Physics of Basketball is a non-fiction book by John Fontanella first published on November 15 2006 that explores the scientific side of basketball. It is written from the perspective of a fan of the game and then through the eyes of a physicist.John Fontanella has been a physics professor at the United States Naval Academy since 1971 and was a college basketball player for Westminster College in Florida. As a senior in 1967 he was a NAIA First Team All-American.
 Valley of Dreams is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum originally published in the November 1934 issue of Wonder Stories. Valley of Dreams was Weinbaum's second published story and is a sequel to his first story A Martian Odyssey.
 Jorkens Has a Large Whiskey is a collection of fantasy short stories narrated by Mr. Joseph Jorkens by writer Lord Dunsany. It was first published in London by Putnam in September 1940. It was the third collection of Dunsany's Jorkens tales to be published. It has also been issued in combination with the fourth book The Fourth Book of Jorkens in the omnibus edition The Collected Jorkens Volume Two published by Night Shade Books in 2004.As noted by S. T.
 Mr. Justice Raffles was a 1909 novel written by E.W. Hornung. It featured his popular character A. J. Raffles a well-known cricketer and gentleman thief. It was the fourth and last in his four Raffles books which had begun with The Amateur Cracksman in 1899.Unlike the three previous works the book was a full-length novel and featured darker elements than the earlier collections of short stories. In it a jaded Raffles is growing increasingly cynical about British high society.
 Uncanny X-Force is a comic book ongoing series published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Rick Remender and artist Jerome Opeña the first volume of the series continued the story of Wolverine and his X-Force team from the series X-Force vol. 3.
 U.S. News & World Report is an American news magazine published from Washington D.C. since 1933. Along with Time and Newsweek it has been for many years a leading news weekly focusing more than its counterparts on political economic health and education stories. Since 1983 it has become known primarily for its influential ranking system and annual reports of colleges and graduate schools spanning across most fields and subjects. U.S.
 Stormchaser is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 1999. It is the second volume of The Edge Chronicles and of the Twig Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the fifth novel following the Quint Saga trilogy that was published later.
 Visions of Cody is an experimental novel by Jack Kerouac. It was written in 1951-1952 and though not published in its entirety until 1972 it had by then achieved an underground reputation. Since its first printing Visions of Cody has been published with an introduction by Beat poet Allen Ginsberg titled The Visions of the Great Rememberer.
 Demography is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering issues related to population and demography. It is an official journal of the Population Association of America and is published on their behalf by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Pamela J. Smock (University of Michigan).
 Mr. Blettsworthy on Rampole Island is a 1928 novel by H. G. Wells.
 The Courier is a daily newspaper based in Findlay Ohio covering Allen Hancock Henry Putnam Seneca Wood and Wyandot counties in Ohio. The newspaper owned by The Findlay Publishing Company which in addition to daily newspaper operations in Findlay and Fostoria Ohio operates Allegra Print and Imaging a commercial printing operation in Findlay Ohio as well as radio stations WFIN and WKXA in Findlay and WCSI WKKG WINN and WWWY in Columbus Indiana and WRBI in Batesville Indiana..
 Automóvil Panamericano or simply Automóvil (Spanish for Panamerican automobile) is a Mexican automotive enthusiast magazine first published on 1995. Owned by Motorpress-Televisa and partner of the German Auto Motor und Sport it is the ninth most read magazine in Mexico and the most read Spanish language automotive magazine in the world.Critical testing motor sports and buyers guidance have been a regular since its founding.
 Oceans Of Kansas is a book by Michael J. Everhart. It was published in 2005 by Indiana University Press. It has an award-winning concomitant website entitled Oceans of Kansas Paleontology.
 The Quiet War is a 2008 science fiction novel written by Paul McAuley.
 Mars (マース Māsu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Fuyumi Soryo. Initially serialized in Bessatsu Friend from 1996 to 2000 the series spans 15 tankōbon volumes. It follows the disliked teenage romance between Kira Aso an introverted artist and Rei Kashino a troubled playboy who is a professional motorcycle racer.
 Double Solitaire (1992) the tenth entry and the first full novel in the Wild Cards shared universe fiction series edited by George R. R. Martin. It was authored by Melinda Snodgrass and first published in paperback in the USA.
 War and the Future (1917) is a work of war propaganda by H.G. Wells that was published in the North America under the title Italy France and Britain at War (the subtitle of the British original). Wells would have preferred the title The War of Ideas but his publisher over-ruled him. Except for the opening piece its chapters were published as articles in the press.
 Be-Bop High School (ビー・バップ・ハイスクール Bī Bappu Hai Sukūru) is a manga series by Kazuhiro Kiuchi that was published in sequential parts in the magazine Young Magazine from 1983 onwards. It has been adapted into seven live-action films a video game and an OVA anime series.
 World Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in the area of psychiatry. It is the official publication of the World Psychiatric Association. It is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Mario Maj.
 Battleground Telangana: Chronicle of an Agitation is a book written by a senior journalist resident editor of Times of India Kingshuk Nag on the Telangana movement in and before formation of Andhra Pradesh state. It was released in July 2011.
 Britannia Unchained: Global Lessons for Growth and Prosperity is a political book written by several British Conservative Party MPs. It was released on 13 September 2012.
 Love Loss and What I Wore is a play written by Nora and Delia Ephron based on the 1995 book of the same name by Ilene Beckerman. It is organized as a series of monologues and uses a rotating cast of five principal women.
 The War for Muslim Minds is the English translation of Fitna: guerre au coeur de l'Islam a 2004 book by French author and Islamic studies scholar Gilles Kepel. It was translated from the original French by Pascale Ghazaleh. The book explores Islam's relationship to the West especially in the aftermath of the September 11 2001 attacks.
 BBC Focus is a British monthly magazine about science and technology published in Bristol UK by Immediate Media Company. Edited by Graham Southorn it covers all aspects of science and technology and is written for general readers as well as people with a knowledge of science. Formerly known as Focus the magazine was taken over by BBC Magazines in mid-2005 and renamed in BBC Focus. There are also regular science celebrity features and interviews.
 Futurewise is a book on global trends written by the futurist Patrick Dixon in 1998 with new editions in 2001 2003 and 2007.
 Modern Language Quarterly established in 1940 is a quarterly literary history journal produced (housed) at the University of Washington and published by Duke University Press. The current editor since 1993 is Marshall Brown (University of Washington).
 Under the Green Star published first by DAW Books in 1972 was the first of Lin Carter's Green Star Series of science-fiction/fantasy novels.The story (and the entire series) is told from the point of an unnamed first-person narrator who is 30 years old very wealthy but crippled and who knows some eastern arts including soul casting.
 The Silver Spike is a spin-off from Glen Cook's ongoing series The Black Company. The story combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows two former members of The Black Company and the formerly renowned White Rose down their own path after parting ways with the company following the events at the conclusion of The White Rose.
 MacHomer is a one-person play by Rick Miller which blends William Shakespeare's tragedy Macbeth with the animated television series The Simpsons. Miller first conceived of the idea in 1994 when he was performing in a production of Macbeth. The first performance of MacHomer was at the Montreal Fringe Festival in 1995. MacHomer has been re-written a number of times. The early version of the play was more of a stand-up comedy routine but in 2000 it was expanded into a theatrical production.
 The University of Colombo Review is the academic journal of the University of Colombo that was established in 1980. It is published biannually.
 The Canadian Journal of Administrative Law and Practice is a law journal published three times a year by Carswell on behalf of the Council of Canadian Administrative Tribunals. It [p]rovides a forum for in-depth discussion of administrative law issues and emphasizes the important role played by tribunals boards and commissions in the administrative process. The journal publishes articles case comments practice notes and book reviews.
 The African Journal of Biomedical Research covers all fields within the biomedical sciences including the allied health fields.
 Twenty Years After (French: Vingt ans après) is a novel by Alexandre Dumas first serialized from January to August 1845.
 Hot in December is a crime/suspense novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It's the story of a man who witnesses a fatal hit and run incident of one of his good neighbors. Tom Chan the protagonist gets a good look at the driver who didn't even look back. The problem is when Tom identifies the driver he turns out to be the son of the leader of a powerful criminal gang The Dixie Mafia. To keep Tom from testifying his wife is abducted and his daughter threatened.
 Night Work (German: Die Arbeit der Nacht) is a 2006 novel by Austrian writer Thomas Glavinic. The book was translated into English in 2008 by John Brownjohn for Edinburgh-based publisher Canongate.
 Foundation: B-boys B-girls and Hip-Hop Culture in New York is a book by Joseph G. Schloss which looks at b-boying and the culture surrounding it.
 Wings of the Falcon is a thriller historical romance novel by Barbara Michaels published originally in 1977.The novel tells the story of Francesca who becomes entangled with the mysterious Il Falcone in a political plot in midst of Italian Revolution of 1860.
 The Lazy Man’s Guide To Enlightenment is a 1971 philosophical essay by American author Thaddeus Golas. Originally started as a letter for friends the book itself began as a mimeographed pamphlet which Golas handed out on the streets of San Francisco in 1971. It was first published as a book in 1971 by Joe E. Casey but was then taken over by the Palo Alto California based Seed Center in 1972. The book was an underground bestseller and in 1979 was published by Bantam Books.
 The Journal of Early Modern Studies (JEMS) is a biannual double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal of Intellectual history specializing in the interactions between philosophy science and religion in Early Modern Europe.
 Terror and Consent: The Wars for the Twenty-First Century is a work by Philip Bobbitt that calls for a reconceptualization of what he calls the Wars on Terror. First published in 2008 by Alfred A. Knopf in the U.S. and by the Allen Lane imprint of Penguin in the U.K. Terror and Consent takes as its point of departure the perspectives Bobbitt developed in The Shield of Achilles: War Peace and the Course of History.
 Pepito is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Luciano Bottaro.
 Ichiban Ushiro no Dai Maō (いちばんうしろの大魔王 The Great Demon King in the Back Row) also known as Demon King Daimao is a Japanese light novel series written by Shotaro Mizuki and illustrated by Souichi Itō published by Hobby Japan under their HJ Bunko imprint. The first volume was published on February 1 2008 with a total of 11 volumes available as of December 2010.
 Ranger Rick originally Ranger Rick's Nature Magazine is a children’s nature magazine that is published by the National Wildlife Federation. The magazine offers activities for children ages 7 and up in order to spark their interest in the outdoors and become more actively involved in the environment. The magazine's primary intention is to instill a passion for nature and promote activity outdoors.
 Cordially Invited to Meet Death is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in abridged form as Invitation to Murder in the April 1942 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Black Orchids published by Farrar & Rinehart in 1942.
 The Autumn Castle is a 2003 horror/fantasy novel by Kim Wilkins. It follows the story of Christine Starlight who has strong memories of her childhood friend Mayfridh. Mayfridh was then abducted by the king and queen of a Germanic faeryland and is now on the throne of the Autumn Castle. Now the human and faery worlds have joined with Mayfridh falling in love with Christine's partner and Christine venturing to the faery world.
 Southport Reporter is an online newspaper started by Patrick Trollope is not only seen as a newspaper but also as the UK's first online-only regional newspaper. It is based in Southport on Merseyside and was quickly recognised by the National Union of Journalists as well as other media groups authorities and organizations as a newspaper. This recognition was due to the fact it was only run by certificated professional journalists (often the journalist held NUJ or IFJ ID/certification).
 Backbench is a panel cartoon appearing in The Globe and Mail. The strip is written and drawn by Graham Harrop. It consists of multiple- and single-panel jokes generally drawn from and satirizing Canadian politics.Graham Harrop also has an editorial cartoon in the Vancouver Sun three days a weeks as well as publishing books and cards for special occasions through his website: www.grahamharrop.com
 Het Financieele Dagblad (The financial daily newspaper; modern spelling: Het Financiële Dagblad) is a daily Dutch newspaper focused on business and financial matters.
 Brain Pathology is the medical journal of the International Society of Neuropathology published for them by John Wiley & Sons.
 One of Cleopatra's Nights (French: Une nuit de Cléopâtre) is a historical short story by the French writer Théophile Gautier first published as a six-part serial from November 29-December 6 1838 in La Presse. It relates an imagined romantic incident in the life of the Ptolemaic queen of Egypt Cleopatra VII.
 Jingle Jangle Comics was a ten-cent bimonthly 42-issue 68-page (later reduced to 52-page) children’s-oriented American comic book published by Eastern Color under the Famous Funnies Inc. imprint between February 1942 and December 1949. The series featured mixes of human and funny animal material. The series was edited by Steven Douglas with George L. Carlson as principal artist.
 Heart of the Comet is a novel by David Brin and Gregory Benford about human space travel to Comet Halley published in 1986. Its publication coincided with the comet's 1986 approach to the Earth.As an example of the hard science fiction subgenre the story is meant to be scientifically plausible.
 A.I. Love You (A・I が止まらない! A.I. ga Tomaranai!) is a Japanese manga series by author Ken Akamatsu. First released in the mid-1990s in Japan an English translation of the series was published by Tokyopop; the Tokyopop version of the manga is out of print as of August 31 2009.The original Japanese title A・I が止まらない! (A.I. ga Tomaranai!) is a play on words. While it literally means A.I. Won’t Stop! the word A.I. has several meanings.
 The Pilot's Wife : A Novel is a 1998 novel by Anita Shreve. It is chronologically the third novel in Shreve's informal trilogy to be set in a large beach house on the New Hampshire coast that used to be a convent. It is preceded by Fortune's Rocks and Sea Glass.The novel was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection for March 1999.
 You Can't Live Forever is a mystery novel written by Harold Q. Masur in 1951. The story is written in the first person and follows the lawyer Scott Jordan as he investigates several murders related to a high-stakes lawsuit between two Broadway producers.
 My Self : Scumbag Beyond Life and Death is a biographical novel based on Ivan Scumbag life. Ivan Scumbag was lead vocals of Burgerkill an Indonesian heavy metal band.
 The Day of the Owl (Italian: Il giorno della civetta) is a crime novel about the Mafia by Leonardo Sciascia finished in 1960 and published in 1961.As the author wrote in his preface of the 1972 Italian edition the novel was written at a time in which the existence of the Mafia itself was debated and denied.
 Blocks to Robots: Learning with Technology in the Early Childhood Classroom (2008) is an educational guide book by Marina Umaschi Bers that introduces the idea of learning with technology in the early childhood classroom.Research shows that attitudes about science math and technology start to form during early education. This book shows how to successfully use technology in the classroom using a constructivist approach to teaching and learning.
 Judge and Jury is a popular novel written by thriller novel writer James Patterson with Andrew Gross. It was published in 2006 by Big Grey & Company.
 And I Don't Want To Live This Life is a non-fiction book written by Deborah Spungen. Published by Random House in 1983 it is about her daughter Nancy Spungen who died from a stab wound to the abdomen at the Chelsea Hotel in New York City in 1978. Nancy's then boyfriend Sid Vicious of the Sex Pistols was accused of and ultimately confessed to the crime although he died of a drug overdose before being convicted.
 Transformers: Movie Adaptation published by IDW Publishing is a 2007 comic book limited series that serves as an adaptation of the 2007 film Transformers.After the close of the prequel comic series IDW also published a 4-issue adaptation of the film itself to tie-in with the film's release written by Kris Oprisko and drawn by Alex Milne. It was released weekly in June 2007; on the 6th 13th 20th and 27th. It also featured concept art and interviews.
 Stranger was a bi-monthly creative lifestyle magazine based in Falmouth Cornwall United Kingdom that focuses on the alternative creative non-metrocentric side of British culture. Since its first local issue on October 2004 the magazine has grown to become distribute worldwide and features articles relating to the environment current affairs music fashion and surf and skate culture. It now appears to be defunct.
 El Señor Presidente (Mister President) is a 1946 novel written in Spanish by Nobel Prize–winning Guatemalan writer and diplomat Miguel Ángel Asturias (1899–1974). A landmark text in Latin American literature El Señor Presidente explores the nature of political dictatorship and its effects on society. Asturias makes early use of a literary technique now known as magic realism.
 Desecration: Antichrist Takes the Throne is the ninth book in the Left Behind series. It was published on Tuesday October 30 2001 by Tyndale House. It was on The New York Times Best Seller List for 19 weeks and was the best selling novel in the world in 2001. It takes place 42–43 months into the Tribulation and 25 days to a month into the Great Tribulation.
 The Ludington Daily News is the daily newspaper of Ludington Michigan. The paper traces its origins back to 1867. It is owned by Shoreline Media which has been a subsidiary of Community Media Group since December 2011. The paper has been located on Rath Avenue since the 1880s.
 GameStar is a monthly released PC computer game magazine published by the IDG Entertainment Media GmbH in Germany. In 2008 it had an average monthly circulation of 250000 copies and is therefore the best sold PC computer game magazine in Europe. It is also being published in Hungary the Czech Republic and China. IDG started it also in Italy Poland and the USA -- but those issues have folded after a few months although the corresponding web sites still exist.
 Mon Nationalism and Civil War in Burma: The Golden Sheldrake by Ashley South is a history of the Mon people an ethnic group found in Myanmar (previously known as Burma) and Thailand. Published in 2003 it covers their history from the pre-colonial era up to the time of writing with an emphasis on the development of Mon nationalist movements in the 20th century.South an independent consultant and analyst specializes in ethnic politics displacement and humanitarian issues in Burma.
 The Threateners is the title of a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1992. It was the twenty-sixth installment of the Matt Helm series and saw the return of the character after a three-year hiatus.
 The Loch is a science fiction novel and Legal thriller by Steve Alten and was first published in 2005. The novel is the story of marine biologist Zachary Wallace.
 Rental Magica (レンタルマギカ Rentaru Magika) is a Japanese light novel series by Makoto Sanda with illustrations by Pako. It is in the midst of serialization in The Sneaker magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten. An anime television series adaptation animated by Zexcs was broadcast in Japan between October 7 2007 and March 23 2008 airing a total of twenty-four episodes.
 Magnate is a men's lifestyle publication. The magazine launched in 2012 with co-founder Sean Spooner as Editorial Director previously named the World's Youngest Publisher.The publication officially launched on December 12 2012. The launch edition of the magazine was distributed on Friday December 14 2012 throughout London's Kings Cross Victoria Liverpool Street and Paddington Railway stations and throughout office locations in Central London.
 Carolina Moon is a 2000 romantic suspense novel by American author Nora Roberts. It is a standalone novel featuring Tory Bodeen as the herione and Kincade Lavelle as her love interest. It was made into a TV movie for the Lifetime network in 2007.
 Yaza Wunthalini or more commonly known as Pagan Yazawin Thit (Burmese: ပုဂံ ရာဇဝင်သစ်) is a 19th-century Burmese chronicle that covers the history of the Pagan Dynasty.
 Abadazad is an American comic book written by J.M.DeMatteis and drawn by Mike Ploog with color by Nick Bell. Published in 2004 by Crossgen Comics to rave reviews the series halted when Crossgen went out of business. Abadazad was co-owned by DeMatteis Ploog and CrossGen but in the stories the historical author is Franklin O.
 Shake Hands with the Devil: The Failure of Humanity in Rwanda is a book by Lieutenant-General Roméo Dallaire of the Canadian Forces with help from Major Brent Beardsley.
 Feel Young (Japanese: フィールヤング Hepburn: Fīru Yangu) is a monthly josei manga magazine published by Shōdensha in Japan. Manga artist whose stories have run in this magazine include Moyoco Anno Mitsue Aoki Mitsukazu Mihara Kiriko Nananan Mari Okazaki Erica Sakurazawa Ebine Yamaji and others.
 Gujarat Today (Gujarati: ગુજરાત ટુડ) is a large-circulation Gujarati language daily newspaper in Gujarat India. It is published in Gujarati by the Lokhit Prakashan Sarvajanik Trust and edited by Aziz Tankarvi. Its main office is in Ahmedabad at Shah-e-Alam. Gujarat Today represents the Muslims of Gujarat and is considered to have a liberal outlook.
 Al-Mabda' (Arabic: المبدأ‎ 'The Principle') was a communist daily newspaper published from Baghdad Iraq. Al-Mabda' was founded by the dissident communist politician Daud as-Sayegh (who had just broken away from the original Iraqi Communist Party). The first issue of al-Mabda' was published on November 21 1959. The newspaper was allegedly supported by the government of Abd al-Karim Qasim.
 Communication Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of communication studies. The editors-in-chief are Pamela Shoemaker (Syracuse University) and Michael E. Roloff (Northwestern University). It was established 1974 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Crookedstar's Promise is a children's fantasy novel the fourth super edition in the Warriors series by Erin Hunter. The book itself was written by Kate Cary. It was released on July 5 2011.
 Evolutionary Bioinformatics is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on computational biology in the study of evolution.The journal was founded by the director of the New Zealand Bioinformatics Institute Allen Rodrigo in 2005 and is currently edited by Dennis Wall the Director of the Computational Biology Initiative at Harvard Medical School. The journal serves as the official publication of the institute and is published by Libertas Academica.
 Canadian Journal of Experimental Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association. It was established in 1947 and covers research in experimental psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Penny M. Pexman of UCalgary.
 Reaper's Gale is the seventh volume of Canadian author Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series the Malazan Book of the Fallen. Reaper's Gale is a direct sequel to both the fifth and sixth volumes Midnight Tides and The Bonehunters.The novel was first published in hardcover and trade paperback in the United Kingdom on 7 May 2007 and in Canada on 5 June 2007. It was published in the United States on March 4 2008.
 Strumpet City (1969) is a historical novel by James Plunkett set in Dublin Ireland at the time of the Dublin Lock-out. In 1980 it was adapted into a successful TV drama by Hugh Leonard for RTÉ Ireland's national broadcaster. The novel is an epic tracing the lives of a dozen characters as they are swept up in the tumultuous events that affected Dublin between 1907 and 1914.
 Nevada is a 1928 western novel by Zane Grey. It is a sequel to 1927's Forlorn River.
 La France juive (Jewish France) subtitled Essay on Contemporary History was an antisemitic tract published by Édouard Drumont in 1886.
 Astronomy Letters (Russian: Pis’ma v Astronomicheskii Zhurnal) is a Russian peer-reviewed scientific journal.
 John Macnab is a novel by John Buchan published in 1925.
 Classic X-Men later retitled as X-Men Classic is the Marvel Comics comic book series within the X-Men franchise that reprints classic X-Men stories. The first issue was a partial reprint of Giant-Size X-Men #1 of the All-New All-Different X-Men era (originally published in 1975) and the other issues reprinted Uncanny X-Men #94-206 with the exceptions of #106 #110 and the Days of Future Past story from issues #141 and #142.
 The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism is a peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of endocrinology and metabolism. The current editor-in-chief is Leonard Wartofsky.
 Dragons of Argonath (1998) is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Rowley.
 Al-Shorouk Shorouk News or Al-Shuruq (Arabic: الشروق‎) is a prominent Arabic newspaper published in Egypt and several other Arabic nations. It is a daily independent newspaper covering mainly politics militant affairs and sport.
 Those Days (Bengali: সেই সময়) is an award-winning historical novel by Sunil Gangopadhyay. It was first published as a serialized novel in Bengali literary magazine Desh. Sunil Gangopadhyay won Sahitya Akademi Award for this novel in 1985.
 Culture Health & Sexuality is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal that publishes multi-disciplinary articles analyzing culture and health health beliefs and systems social structures and divisions and the implications of these for sexual health and individual collective and community wellbeing. It is the official journal if the International Association for the Study of Sexuality Culture and Society (IASSCS).
 Blanche on the Lam is a mystery novel by author Barbara Neely. Blanche on the Lam is the first in a series by Barbara Neely. This novel brings to light the intelligence and power of an African-America domestic female worker in the midst of a racist and sexist society. The book won the Agatha Award and the Anthony Award for Best First Novel and the Macavity Award for Best First Mystery.
 The Transmutation of Ike Garuda is a two-issue prestige format mini-series published by the Epic Comics imprint of Marvel Comics with the first issue being released in 1991 and the second issue in 1992. It was written by Elaine Lee with art by James Sherman.Like some of Elaine Lee's other work The Transmutation of Ike Garuda is science fiction of the noir space opera genre.
 The Broken Shore (2005) is a Duncan Lawrie Dagger award-winning novel by Australian author Peter Temple.
 D4 Princess (D4プリンセス D4 Purinsesu) is a manga series created by Shotaro Harada (原田将太郎 Harada Shōtarō). The story was adapted into an anime series.
 Cakes and Ale: or the Skeleton in the Cupboard (1930) is a novel by British author William Somerset Maugham. Maugham exposes the misguided social snobbery levelled at the character Rosie Driffield (Edward's first wife) whose frankness honesty and sexual freedom make her a target of conservative propriety.
 Service Book (or Memoiren; Hebrew: פנקס שירות) is an autobiography and a memoir of Yitzhak Rabin published in 1979 which Rabin co-authored with journalist Dov Goldstein.
 The Ghost Belonged to Me is a novel written for children by Richard Peck author of Newbery Medal winning A Year Down Yonder.
 Heathen City is a comic book series created by Alex Vance in 2008. An adult anthropomorphic title it featured explicit violence and sexual scenes.
 Scotcampus is a free independent national student magazine for Scotland. The paper is put together using a combination of freelance journalists and student writers from across Scotland. It is distributed throughout various locations in all of Scotland's major towns and cities.
 The Knights of the Cross or The Teutonic Knights (Polish: Krzyżacy) is a 1900 historical novel written by the eminent Polish Positivist writer and the 1905 Nobel laureate Henryk Sienkiewicz. Its first English translation was published in the same year as the original.The book was serialized by the magazine Tygodnik Illustrowany between 1897–1899 before its first complete printed edition appeared in 1900.
 The Pelican Brief is a legal-suspense thriller written by John Grisham in 1992. It is his third novel after A Time To Kill and The Firm. The hardcover edition was published by Doubleday in that same year. Two paperback editions were published both by Dell Publishing in 1993. A film adaptation was released in 1993 starring Julia Roberts and Denzel Washington.
 The Impossible Dead is a novel written by the Scottish author Ian Rankin. It is the sequel to the previous novel The Complaints. Like the previous book the crime thriller theme is continued throughout and outlines an investigation carried out by the main protagonist Malcolm Fox.
 Kick Off is a football magazine and website published by Media24. Its main focus is on domestic South African competitions including the Premier Soccer League.The magazine was established in 1994 by Rob Moore and has its headquarters in Cape Town.Kick Off sells around 50000 magazines every month and has well over 1.5 million readers according to industry measurements.
 Sisterhood Everlasting is the fifth and last novel in Ann Brashares's acclaimed Sisterhood series. The story concludes the adventures of four girls who share a pair of magical pants that fit each one of them perfectly despite their vastly different shapes and sizes. This is the fifth book in the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series.
 Giant's Bread is a tragedy novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Collins in April 1930 and in the US by Doubleday later in the same year. The UK edition retailed for seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $1.00. It is the first of six novels Christie published under the nom-de-plume Mary Westmacott.
 This Blinding Absence of Light (French: Cette aveuglante absence de lumière) is a 2001 novel by the Moroccan writer Tahar Ben Jelloun translated from the French by Linda Coverdale. Its narrative is based on the testimony of a former inmate at Tazmamart a Moroccan secret prison for political prisoners with extremely harsh conditions.
 Maelstrom is the third book of the Destroyermen series by author Taylor Anderson.
 Aurora's Whole Realms Catalog is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published for the Forgotten Realms setting.
 Grave Descend is a novel written by Michael Crichton under the pseudonym John Lange. It was originally published in 1970 and later re-released in 2006 as part of the Hard Case Crime series. For this release Michael Crichton did an overall revision of the text. The novel was nominated for the Edgar Award in 1971. Hard Case Crime will republish the novel under Crichton's name on October 29 2013.
 Na Žerinjah is a novel by Slovenian author Janko Kersnik. It was first published in 1876.
 Amok (subtitled II Gigante Mascherato the Masked Giant) is an Italian comic book series created by Cesare Solini and Antonio Canale.
 October Island is a novel by American author William March first published in 1952 by Little Brown (in the United States) and Gollancz (in the United Kingdom). The book is not currently in print.While there were plenty of reviews (Roy S. Simmonds lists 29 in his William March: An Annotated Checklist) many of them were quite negative; most of the negative reviews claimed the book was flat and uninteresting.
 The Nowa Huta. Okruchy życia i meandry historii (English: Nowa Huta. Crumbs of Life and the Meanders of History) is a 2003 photo anthology compiled by Jerzy Aleksander Karnasiewicz and illustrated with photographs of Nowa Huta district of Kraków Poland; which were taken in its early days and between 1979-2003.
 Bartaman Patrika (Bengali: বর্তমান) is an Indian Bengali daily newspaper published from Kolkata West Bengal India by Bartaman Pvt. Ltd. Apart from the Kolkata edition the newspaper has four other simultaneous editions published daily from four major towns of West Bengal—Siliguri Burdwan Malda and Midnapore. Bartaman is the second-most widely read Bengali newspaper in India after Anandabazar Patrika.
 Flaunt is a monthly American fashion culture magazine founded by the current editor-in-chief Luis Barajas and creative director Jim Turner also the founders of Detour magazine. Long Nguyen a third founder and style director also was working on Detour for four years. Flaunt was established in September 1998.Since the publication of its first issue Flaunt has continued to be an ongoing metamorphosis of new ideas and territories.
 Elvis is a Swedish comic strip created in 2000 by Tony Cronstam for the free daily newspaper Metro as well as other more local newspapers.Elvis Tonysson the main character of the comic is a middle-aged man portrayed as a tortoise who is according to Cronstam loosely based on himself like most of the recurring characters are based on friends and family.The main plot of the strip is according to Cronstam based on day-to-day annoyances encountered in real life.
 Tsukumo Happy Soul (99(ツクモ)ハッピーソウル) is a Japanese manga written and drawn by Kendi Oiwa. It was serialized in Shōnen Ace in 2003 from July to October later becoming a 172-page tankoban.
 The World of Books was an English language monthly magazine published by JS Furnivall and later by the Burma Education Extension Association. It spawned off a sister Burmese language monthly Ganda Lawka
 The White Stag is a children's book written and illustrated by Kate Seredy. It won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature and received the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award. The White Stag is a mythical retelling that follows the warrior bands of Huns and Magyars across Asia and into Europe including the life of Attila the Hun.
 Gladiator: Street Fighter is the second book in the Gladiator Series by Simon Scarrow.
 In Extremis: The Story of Abelard & Heloise is a play by Howard Brenton on the story of Heloise and Abelard which premiered at the Globe Theatre on 27 August 2006 with a 15 performance run. The play was directed by John Dove with design by Michael Taylor and music by William Lyons.
 The Cat Who Tailed a Thief is the nineteenth book in the Cat Who series of mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun published in 1997.
 In 2001 Eric Van Lustbader was appointed by the family of Robert Ludlum who was a good friend of Lustbader to finish the manuscripts of Ludlum. The last result was The Testament. The book was published in 2006.
 Black Knight (黒の騎士 Kuro no Kishi) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kai Tsurugi. It is licensed in North America by Blu Manga the boys love division of Tokyopop which released the four volumes between July 2006 and February 2009.
 I Dream of Mimi (ぶっとび!!CPU released in Japan as Buttobi!! CPU) is a Japanese hentai series by Kaoru Shintani. It was produced in 1997 by Pink Pineapple studios with some work farmed out to OLM. It was released in North America by The Right Stuf International under the name I Dream of Mimi. It is based on the 1993 manga ぶっとび!!CPU by Kaoru Shintani published by Hakusensha in Young Animal and as 3 tankoban under the Jets Comics banner.
 Ao no Fūin (蒼の封印 literally Blue Seal) is a shōjo manga series by Chie Shinohara which was serialized in the manga magazine Shōjo Comic from issue 22 in 1991 until 1994. The story is about a high school girl Sōko Kiryū who finds out she is the latest reincarnation of Sōryū (usually called Seiryū) the demon queen who once ruled the earth with her demon armies.
 Atlántico Diario is a Spanish language daily newspaper for the Vigo metropolitan area of Galicia in Spain.
 Bards and Sages Quarterly is a quarterly fantasy horror and science fiction literary magazine published by Bards and Sages and edited by Julie Ann Dawson. Its first issue was released in January 2009. It is a semi-professional paying market and publishes short and flash fiction.
 The Australian Women's Weekly sometimes known as simply The Weekly is an Australian monthly women's magazine published by Bauer Media Group in Sydney. Audited circulation in June 2013 was 459175 copies monthly.
 A Temple of the Holy Ghost is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was written in 1954 and published in 1955 in her short story collection A Good Man Is Hard to Find and is one of O'Connor's only explicitly Catholic stories. A devout Roman Catholic O'Connor often used religious themes in her work but more commonly described rural Southern Protestants as her main characters.
 A world for Julius (original title: Un Mundo para Julius 1970) was the first novel published by Peruvian writer Alfredo Bryce. In this postmodern novel Bryce incisively charts the decline of an influential centuries-old aristocratic family faced with the invasion of foreign capital in the 1950s.The protagonist Julius is the youngest child of a wealthy Peruvian family. He studied at Inmaculado Corazón school and Markham College.
 Secrets and Lies subtitled the anatomy of an anti-environmental PR campaign is a 1999 book by Nicky Hager and Bob Burton.The book documents the public relations information put out by Timberlands West Coast Limited in order to win public support for logging of native forests on the West Coast of New Zealand.The material is based on a large amount of documentation leaked by a staff member from the local branch of Shandwick (now Weber Shandwick Worldwide) a global public relations company which had been hired by Timberlands to run a secret campaign against environmental groups such as Native Forest Action between 1997 and 1999. 
 Eden is a detective fiction novel by Australian author Dorothy Johnston. It is the third novel in the Sandra Mahoney series.
 Against the Odds is a science fiction novel by Elizabeth Moon. It is her seventh and last novel set in the Familias Regnant fictional universe. It does not fall in either informal trilogy (the Heris Serrano and the Esmay Suiza trilogies); fittingly it does not focus on any particular character instead a more general almost kaleidoscopic perspective of the upheaval in the Familias Regnant and the rise to power of a new and more capable Speaker.
 The Anales de la Real Sociedad Española de Química is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal in chemistry. It is the successot of Anales de Química and has been published by the Royal Spanish Society of Chemistry (Real Sociedad Española de Química) since 1999.
 Unsafe at Any Speed: The Designed-In Dangers of the American Automobile by Ralph Nader published in 1965 is a book accusing car manufacturers of resistance to the introduction of safety features like seat belts and their general reluctance to spend money on improving safety. It was a pioneering work openly polemical but containing substantial references and material from industry insiders. It made Nader a household name.
 The Third Terrorist: The Middle East Connection to the Oklahoma City Bombing is a book by television journalist Jayna Davis about evidence of an alleged conspiracy behind the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. The Justice Department initially sought but then abandoned its search for a Middle East suspect. The book was published in April 2004 by Nelson Current Publishers and became a New York Times best-seller.
 Ring for Jeeves is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 22 April 1953 by Herbert Jenkins London and in the United States on 15 April 1954 by Simon & Schuster New York under the title The Return of Jeeves.The novel features one of Wodehouse's best-known characters Jeeves. It is the only Jeeves novel in which his employer Bertie Wooster does not appear (though he is mentioned).
 The Tale of One Bad Rat is a 4-issue comic book limited series by Bryan Talbot. It was first published by Dark Horse Comics in 1994 and later brought out in a collected edition. The story is about a victim of child abuse. It makes heavy reference to the works of Beatrix Potter.One Bad Rat is the most mainstream of Talbot's works and is drawn in a simple naturalistic style with painted colours.
 Micah is the thirteenth in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Quartet in Autumn is a novel by Barbara Pym first published in 1977 and shortlisted for the Booker Prize. It was Pym's comeback novel after fifteen years of publishing rejections following a successful record as a novelist during the 1950s and early 1960s. As a novel it represents a departure from her earlier excursions into light comedy being the story of four office workers on the verge of retirement.
 Adventure into Fear is an American horror comic book series published by Marvel Comics from cover dates November 1970 through December 1975 for 31 issues.
 The Deceivers: Allied Military Deception in the Second World War by Thaddeus Holt is a 2004 historical account of Allied military deception during the Second World War.
 The Waste Makers is a 1960 book on consumerism by Vance Packard. It was bestselling when it was released. The book argues that people in the United States consume a lot more than they should and are harmed by their consumption.
 The Traveler's Gift - Seven Decisions That Determine Personal Success a book released in 2002 by author Andy Andrews and featured book selection of ABC's Good Morning America weaves a fictional tale about a man who loses his job and money but finds his way after he is magically transported into seven key points in history.
 Metamora; or The Last of the Wampanoags is a play originally starring Edwin Forrest. The play was written in 1829 by John Augustus StoneIt was first performed December 15 1829 at the Park Theater in New York City.
 Asleep is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.
 Titanic is a German monthly satirical magazine based in Frankfurt. It has a circulation of approximately 100000.
 The Grand Duchy of Karameikos (product code GAZ1) is an accessory for the Basic Set edition for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The book was written by Aaron Allston and was published in 1987. Cover art is by Clyde Caldwell with interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian.
 Theatre Arts Magazine sometimes titled Theatre Arts or Theatre Arts Monthly was a magazine published from November 1916 to January 1964. It was established by author and critic Sheldon Warren Cheney.
 Ramona Forever is a humorous children's novel written by Beverly Cleary. The seventh book in the Ramona Quimby series it continues the story of Ramona her sister Beezus and their family. Ramona and Beezus are finally old enough to stay home together and the sisters work hard to get along. Mrs. Quimby is pregnant and Aunt Bea gets engaged in a book that sees Ramona coping with growing up. Ramona Forever was originally published in 1984.
 Sonetos de la Muerte (Sonnets of Death) is a work by the Chilean poet Gabriela Mistral first published in 1914. The work was awarded first prize in the Juegos Florales a national literary contest.The Sonnets of Death were inspired by the suicide of Mistral's former lover Romelio Ureta in which she claims for his love argues jealousy and discusses their reunion after their deaths. However Mistral's relationship with Ureta is a matter of significant controversy.
 The Instructor was an official periodical of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) between 1930 and 1970 during which time it was the official organ of the LDS Church's Sunday School auxiliary.
 Foundation: The International Review of Science Fiction is a critical peer-reviewed literary magazine established in 1972 that publishes articles and reviews about science fiction. It is published triannually by the Science Fiction Foundation. From 1986 to 2001 Edward James was the editor-in-chief; Farah Mendlesohn took over until 2007 and was succeeded by Graham Sleight and then Paul March-Russell in 2013.
 Morning Noon and Night is a 1995 novel by Sidney Sheldon.
 Lost Worlds is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in 1980.The book collects eight stories by Carter three of them collaborative on the subject of such lost worlds as Atlantis Mu Valusia and other sunken continents beyond memory together with an introduction and afterward by the author.
 Player's Option: Combat & Tactics (abbreviated CT or C&T) is a supplemental sourcebook to the core rules of the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. This 192-page book was published by TSR Inc. in 1995. The book was designed by L. Richard Baker III and Skip Williams. Cover art is by Jeff Easley and interior art is by Doug Chaffee Les Dorscheid Larry Elmore Ken and Charles Frank Roger Loveless Erik Olson and Alan Pollack.
 The 13 Clocks is a fantasy tale written by James Thurber in 1950 while he was completing one of his other novels. It is written in a unique cadenced style in which a mysterious prince must complete a seemingly impossible task to free a maiden from the clutches of an evil duke.
 Creature Academy is an all-ages/science fiction/fantasy comic series created by Kevin Hanna that ran for four issues and was published in a collected edition for the first time in 2013.In 2008 LeftJet announced that they had taken steps for a possible future film adaptation; The film The Creature Academy is currently in preproduction.
 History and Theory is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Wesleyan University. The journal was established in 1960 and its editor-in-chief is Ethan Kleinberg (Wesleyan University). The journal focuses on the nature of history including the philosophy of history historiography historical methodology critical theory and time and culture.
 Hurly-Burly: The International Lacanian Journal of Psychoanalysis was established by Jacques-Alain Miller in 2009 to replace the bilingual Bulletin of the NLS (2007-9).
 Evidence-Based Mental Health is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of mental health. It is co-owned by the BMJ Group the Royal College of Psychiatrists and the British Psychological Society.
 In Evil Hour (Spanish: La mala hora) is a novel by Colombian writer Gabriel García Márquez first published (in an edition disowned by the author [1]) in 1962.Written while García Márquez lived in Paris the story was originally entitled Este pueblo de mierda (This Town of Shit or This Shitty Town). Rewritten it won a literary prize in Colombia.Some of the same characters and situations found in La mala hora later re-appear in Cien años de soledad.
 In the First Circle (Russian: В круге первом V kruge pervom) is a novel by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn released in 1968. A fuller version of the book was published in English in 2009.The novel depicts the lives of the occupants of a sharashka (a research and development bureau made of gulag inmates) located in the Moscow suburbs. This novel is highly autobiographical.
 Anansi Boys is a novel by Neil Gaiman. In Anansi Boys we discover that 'Mr. Nancy' (Anansi) has two sons and the two sons in turn discover each other. The novel follows their adventures as they explore their common heritage.Anansi Boys was published on 20 September 2005 and was released in paperback on 1 October 2006. The book debuted at number one on The New York Times Best Seller list and won both the Locus Award and the British Fantasy Society Award in 2006.
 Andromeda: A Space-Age Tale a.k.a. Andromeda Nebula (Russian: Туманность Андромеды Tumannost' Andromedy) is a science fiction novel by the Russian writer and paleontologist Ivan Efremov written and published in 1957. The novel was made into a film in 1967 The Andromeda Nebula.
 Blurred is a play by Stephen Davies that focuses on schoolies week. It was later turned into Blurred a 2002 Australian film.
 The Times-News is a US daily newspaper serving the Twin Falls Idaho area. The paper has a circulation of 19431 daily 21059 Sunday. It is owned by Lee Enterprises. The paper is available throughout the Magic Valley region of south-central Idaho as well as in parts of Elko County Nevada as far south as Wells.The Times-News began publication in 1904 as the Twin Falls Weekly News.
 Mind Lords of the Last Sea is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Funeral Games is a 1981 historical novel by Mary Renault dealing with the death of Alexander the Great and its aftermath the gradual disintegration of his empire. It is the final book of her Alexander trilogy.
 Mass Effect is a comic book series by Dark Horse Comics based on the Mass Effect video game series.The series is marketed as various limited series for each story. As the game is considered to be the player's story none of the comics like the novels feature Commander Shepard as the main character.
 Od RTM do WTF is a novel by Slovenian author Asja Hrvatin. It was first published in 2008.
 Sweat (Portuguese: Suor) is a Brazilian Modernist novel. It was written by Jorge Amado in 1934.
 Life is a memoir by the Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards written with the assistance of journalist James Fox.
 Cotidianul was a Romanian newspaper. Founded by Ion Raţiu it published its first issue on May 10 1991 and was the first privately held newspaper in Romania following the Romanian Revolution of 1989. It ceased print publication in December 2009 due to financial difficulties but remains active as an online news source. As a newspaper it was published Monday to Saturday in Berliner format. The owners announced the closure was temporary due to insolvency but no buyers have been found.
 Superman and Batman: World's Funnest is an American single issue prestige format comic book published in 2000 by DC Comics. It was written by Evan Dorkin and illustrated by many artists. It is an Elseworlds tale and as such is not considered part of the main DC canon/continuity. Despite the title Batman and Superman play only a small role in the story which stars instead Mr. Mxyzptlk and Bat-Mite as the main protagonists.
 JFK and the Unspeakable: Why He Died and Why It Matters is a book by theologian and Catholic Worker James W. Douglass (Orbis Books 2008 / Touchstone Books an imprint of Simon & Schuster 2010) that analyzes the presidency of John F. Kennedy as well as the events surrounding the assassination of John F. Kennedy. The book is drawn from many sources including the Warren Report.
 Building Safer Communities. Risk Governance Spatial Planning and Responses to Natural Hazards is a 2009 book edited by Urbano Fra Paleo published by IOS Press. This textbook examines the central principles of enhanced risk governance whose implementation might help to mitigate the increasing losses caused by natural hazards.
 For other meanings see New Atlantis (disambiguation).New Atlantis is an incomplete utopian novel by Sir Francis Bacon published in 1627. In this work Bacon portrayed a vision of the future of human discovery and knowledge expressing his aspirations and ideals for humankind. The novel depicts the creation of a utopian land where generosity and enlightenment dignity and splendour piety and public spirit are the commonly held qualities of the inhabitants of the mythical Bensalem.
 The Revenge of the Shadow King is the first volume of three books in the Grey Griffins series written in collaborative writing by American authors Derek Benz and J.S. Lewis and published by Orchard Books an imprint of Scholastic Inc. The book follows the story of four friends who form The Order of the Grey Griffin.
 The 1985 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the fourteenth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1985 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club.
 The Second Confession is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1949. The story was collected in the omnibus volume Triple Zeck (Viking 1974).It is the second of three Nero Wolfe novels that involve crime boss Arnold Zeck and his widespread operations.
 Jeanette MacDonald Autobiography: The Lost Manuscript Annotated by Sharon Rich“Perhaps the most unbelievable note I ever received backstage was between the second and third act of [the opera] Romeo and Juliet. It read: ‘Please sing “The Indian Love Call” during the next intermission.’”So writes Jeanette MacDonald in her previously unpublished autobiography. This book is the unpublished edition dating from summer 1960.
 Syntax is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of syntax of natural languages established in 1998 and published by Wiley-Blackwell. Its current editors-in-chief are Suzanne Flynn (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) and David Adger (University of London).Syntax was rated A in both the Australian Research Council's ERA journal list for 2010 and the European Science Foundation's linguistics journal list.
 Shadow Star is the third book in the Chronicles of the Shadow War trilogy. Shadow Star is preceded by Shadow Moon in 1995 and Shadow Dawn in 1996. It was written by Chris Claremont in collaboration with George Lucas. Published in 2000 it was the third book in the continuation of events from the 1988 motion picture Willow.
 Saffron Sky (ISBN 0807072117) is a book by Gelareh Asayesh.From the Back Cover:This lyrical memoir evinces the author's passion for constructing an American life with the spiritual fervor and deeply aesthetic rituals that were part of her childhood in Iran.
 Nappily Ever After: A Novel is a novel by Trisha R. Thomas.
 Get Happy: The Life of Judy Garland is a biography of entertainer Judy Garland. Published in 2000 Get Happy is author Gerald Clarke's follow-up to his 1988 biography of Truman Capote. Clarke conducted some 500 interviews including some with subjects who had not previously spoken about Garland and also drew upon tape recordings that Garland had made in the 1960s for an autobiography. He found Garland's unpublished 68-page manuscript in the Random House archives.
 Louder Please is a play by Norman Krasna the first of Krasna's plays to be produced on Broadway. It was heavily influenced by The Front Page. He wrote it while working as a press agent at Warner Bros.. The original production was directed by George Abbott and starred Lee Tracy; it was successful enough for Krasna to be hired as a writer for Columbia Pictures.
 These Happy Golden Years by Laura Ingalls Wilder was published in 1943 and is the eighth of nine books written in her Little House series also known as The Laura Years. This book is based on Laura's adolescence near De Smet South Dakota in the late 19th century and focuses on Laura's short time as a teacher and her courtship with her future husband Almanzo Wilder.These Happy Golden Years spans the time period from 1882 to 1885 when Laura marries Almanzo.
 Schweizerische Zeitschrift für Forstwesen (the Swiss Forestry Journal) is one of the oldest forestry journals still in print in the world. It was established in 1850.
 Practical Wireless is a British radio and electronics magazine now published monthly by PW Publishing of Broadstone Dorset. The current editor (2013) is Don Field G3XTT.The magazine was founded in 1932 (as a supplement) by FJ Camm (brother of Sydney Camm) of George Newnes Publishers. It became an independent weekly in that year then monthly in 1940 (due to wartime paper shortages). Camm was editor until his death in 1959: it was often referred to affectionately as 'Camm's comic'.
 Pish Posh a children's novel by Ellen Potter. It tells the story of a young girl Clara Frankofile who is a pompous snobbish 11-year-old who spends her evenings people-watching from a corner table in her parents' chic New York City restaurant Pish Posh.
 The Rules of Sociological Method (French: Les Règles de la Méthode Sociologique) is a book by Émile Durkheim first published in 1895. It is recognized as being the direct result of Durkheim's own project of establishing sociology as a positivist social science. Durkheim is seen as one of the fathers of sociology and this work his manifesto of sociology. Durkheim distinguishes sociology from other sciences and justifies his rationale. Sociology is the science of social facts.
 Clinical and Experimental Immunology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell which focuses on clinical and translational immunology. The editor-in-chief is Mark Peakman (King's College London School of Medicine). It is an official journal of the British Society for Immunology.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.409 ranking it 52nd out of 137 journals in the category Immunology.
 Saving the Appearances: A Study in Idolatry a book by British philosopher Owen Barfield is concerned with physics the evolution of consciousness pre-history ancient Greece ancient Israel the medieval period the scientific revolution Christianity Romanticism and much else.
 More Notes of a Dirty Old Man: The Uncollected Columns is written by Charles Bukowski edited by David Stephen Calonne and published by City Lights. It includes newspaper columns and essays that have never been collected and published together.
 The Rez Sisters is a two act play by Cree Canadian writer Tomson Highway first performed on November 26 1986 by Act IV Theatre Company and Native Earth Performing Arts. The Rez Sisters is partially inspired by Michel Tremblay's play Les Belles-soeurs as it focuses on the hopes and dreams of a group of seven women on the Wasaychigan Hill Indian reserve.
 Blush (stylized as blush) is a Canadian magazine for urban mothers that focuses on pregnancy and the first three years of a child’s life. Blush features articles on topics such as prenatal tests breastfeeding postnatal fitness nutritional supplements and maternity clothing and fashion. The magazine promotes healthy living for moms moms-to-be and kids all devoted to mommy’s lifestyle.
 Not Before Sundown (orig. fin. Ennen päivänlaskua ei voi USA: Troll - a love story) is a novel written by Finnish author Johanna Sinisalo in 2000. In the same year it won a Finlandia Prize for literature. Since then it has won several awards including The James Tiptree Jr.
 Death Match is a 2004 horror novel by American author Lincoln Child. It is his second solo novel. In it he takes a cursory glance at the world of electronic matchmaking and takes it to its natural technological conclusion—for a substantial sum of money the computer will locate a 'perfect match' for anyone.
 Historical Statistics of the United States (HSUS) is a compendium of statistics about United States. Originally published by the United States Census Bureau until 1975 it is now being published by Cambridge University Press.
 The Space Between Us is the second novel by Thrity Umrigar published by William Morrow and Company in January 2006. Set in present-day Mumbai India the novel follows the lives of two women: Serabai Dubash an upper-middle-class widow and her domestic servant Bhima. The pair experience similar situations in their lives: abuse the death or absence of a husband a pregnant dependent and the hope for a better future.
 Target: 2006 is the title of an 11-issue story arc from the Transformers Marvel UK comic book series running in issues #78-88. It was written by Simon Furman and drawn by Geoff Senior Jeff Anderson Will Simpson and Ron Smith.The story arc marked the beginning of Furman's stories featuring characters from The Transformers: The Movie.
 Estado de Minas (abbreviated EM) is a Brazilian newspaper published in the capital of Minas Gerais state Belo Horizonte. Its foundation dates as late as 1928 and one year later it was bought by Assis Chateaubriand's Diários Associados. EM is the most traditional and respected publication of Minas and the highest-selling broadsheet of the state with a daily average of 83.787 copies through 2012.
 Whistle for Willie is a 1964 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.In this sequel to The Snowy Day an older and wiser Peter wants to learn to whistle in order to call his dog Willie. Peter tries so hard to whistle that his cheeks hurt but he doesn't give up. With a very light hand and his legendary illustrations Keats creates a world in which effort yields results.
 Fixing Sex: Intersex Medical Authority and Lived Experience by Stanford anthropologist and bioethicist Katrina Karkazis was published in 2008. Described as thoughtful meticulous and an authoritative treatise on intersex the book examines the perspectives of intersex people their families and clinicians to offer compassionate look at the treatment of people born with atypical sex characteristics.
 Ocean Drive is a magazine that reports on fashion society entertainment and celebrities in Miami Beach Florida. The magazine has been referred to as the Bible of South Beach due to its coverage of nightlife and VIPs.[citation needed] Jared Shapiro is the Editor in Chief. The magazine's headquarters are located in South Beach. It is published by Niche Media.
 Brooklyn August is a poem by Stephen King that first appeared in 1971 in Io magazine and was later collected in King's Nightmares & Dreamscapes in 1993. It also pairs with another story in that collection Head Down.
 The Journal of Fish Biology covers all aspects of fish and fisheries biological research both freshwater and marine. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell and is the official journal of The Fisheries Society of the British Isles.
 Afrique & Histoire is a French peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study of African history from antiquity to the present day. It was established in 2003 by Peter Boilley Jean-Pierre Chrétien François-Xavier Fauvelle-Aymar and Bertrand Hirsch and is published biannually by Editions Verdier.
 Obsidian Fate is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Aleriel or A Voyage to Other Worlds is a science fiction novel by Wladislaw Somerville Lach-Szyrma a Polish-English curate author and historian.Published in 1883 Aleriel is a Victorian novel credited as the first published work to apply the word Martian as a noun: After the protagonist Aleriel lands on Mars he buries his spacecraft in snow so that it might not be disturbed by any Martian who might come across it.
 Coal Run is a 2004 novel by the American writer Tawni O’Dell.
 Pontypool Changes Everything is a novel by Tony Burgess first published in 1995.It was adapted into the 2009 film Pontypool with a screenplay by Burgess and was nominated for a Genie Award for the adaptation.
 The Manab Zamin (Bengali: মানবজমিন People's Land) is a major daily tabloid newspaper in Bangladesh published from Dhaka in the Bengali language. It is the first and largest circulated Bengali tabloid daily in the world with monthly website hits of 3270000. 590000 visitors from 179 countries from all over the planet visit the web site every month making it one of most visited Bengali-language online publications worldwide.
 Fire Study is a 2008 fantasy novel written by Maria V. Snyder. Fire Study is the third and final book in a three book series.
 The Turkish Gambit (Russian: Турецкий гамбит Turetskiy gambit) is the second novel from the Erast Fandorin series of historical detective novels by Russian author Boris Akunin. It was published in Russia in 1998. The English translation by Andrew Bromfield was published in 2005 as third of Fandorin novels after Murder on the Leviathan which follows it in the internal chronology.The novel is subtitled шпионский детектив (espionage mystery).
 The Marin Independent Journal is the main newspaper of Marin County California. The paper is owned by California Newspapers Partnership which is in turn mostly owned by MediaNews Group.
 Manufacturing Business Technology (ISSN-1554-3404) is a website owned by Advantage Business Media. The site serves the information needs of information technology professionals involved in production supply chain management and operations within a manufacturing enterprise. MBT's mission is inform its readers about the critical issues related to IT professionals and the manufacturing industry.The website's editor is Anna K. Wells and the site's editorial director is Jeff Reinke.
 Zoo is one of James Patterson's books that is not in a series. It can be considered a work of science fiction or a thriller novel.
 Lebanonwire is an English news portal headquartered in Beirut Lebanon. It provides news about Lebanon the Middle East and other parts of the world.
 The Test is the 43rd book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It was ghostwritten by Ellen Geroux. It is narrated by Tobias.
 The Secret of the Nagas is the second novel of the Shiva trilogy series by the Indian author Amish Tripathi. The story takes place in the imaginary land of Meluha and narrates how the inhabitants of that land are saved from their wars by a nomad named Shiva. It begins from where its predecessor The Immortals of Meluha left off with Shiva trying to save Sati from the invading Naga.
 Ancient History: A Paraphase is Joseph McElroy's third novel published in 1971. It presents itself as a hastily written essay/memoir/confession. The character Dom is sometimes described as a fictionalized Norman Mailer.The title Ancient History refers to both classical Roman Greek Egyptian and Persian history which Cy the narrator is something of an amateur expert in. It is the name for the course Cy took at Poly Prep.
 Mr. Monk in Trouble is the ninth novel based on the television series Monk. It was written by Lee Goldberg and was published by Signet Books on December 1 2009. Like the other Monk novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger the assistant of the title character Adrian Monk.
 Winds of Fury is a 1993 fantasy novel by author Mercedes Lackey and the concluding book of the Mage Winds trilogy. It resolves the story told in the first two books; additionally it settles several plot threads which originated in the previous trilogy Arrows of the Queen.
 InterCourses: An Aphrodisiac Cookbook is a 1997 cookbook written by Martha Hopkins and Randall Lockridge with photography by Ben Fink and published by Terrace Publishing.It focuses primarily on recipes and foods appropriate for romantic settings and seduction covering traditionally sexually-associated foods such as chocolate strawberries oysters honey and avocados as well as less-traditional foods such as pine nuts coffee and chiles.
 Papillon [papijɔ̃] is a memoir by convicted felon and fugitive Henri Charrière first published in France in 1969 describing his escape from a penal colony in French Guiana. It became an instant bestseller. It was translated into English from the original French by June P. Wilson and Walter B. Michaels for a 1970 edition and by author Patrick O'Brian.
 Riddley Walker is a science fiction novel by Russell Hoban first published in 1980. It won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for best science fiction novel in 1982 as well as an Australian Science Fiction Achievement Award in 1983. It was additionally nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1981. Hoban began writing the novel in 1974 inspired by the medieval wall painting of the legend of Saint Eustace at Canterbury Cathedral.
 I Am the Doorway is a short story by Stephen King first published in the March 1971 issue of Cavalier magazine and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.
 360 was an Xbox 360 video games magazine published by Imagine Publishing in the UK. Originally published four-weekly the magazine switched to a three-weekly schedule in 2009.The magazine was withdrawn from sale following its merger with sister publication X360 in July 2012.
 El Telégrafo is a Uruguayan newspaper from Paysandú. Established on July 1 1910 by Ángel Carotini and Miguel Arturo Baccaro.Nowadays it is the oldest circulating newspaper in Uruguay.
 Beneath the Neon: Life and Death in the Tunnels of Las Vegas is a non-fiction account by author and journalist Matthew O'Brien with photos by Danny Mollohan. It chronicles the author's time in subterranean Las Vegas. As he pursued a killer hiding in the tunnels he discovered hundreds of people living underground and interviewed many of them for the book. It was released in June 2007 by Huntington Press.
 This is a list of numerous books based on the British children's television series Tugs. Starting from 1989 to 1992 books based on the series were released in the United Kingdom Australia and Japan and by different publishers and authors.
 The Good Muslim is a novel by Tahmima Anam. This novel is a sequel to her debut novel A Golden Age.
 Unmarked Graves is a horror novel written by Shaun Hutson.
 Rising Tides is the fifth book of the Destroyermen series. A series of alternate history novels by Taylor Anderson. The increasing popularity of the series put this book on the New York Times Bestseller list.
 Der Teckbote is a German daily newspaper for the Swabian town of Kirchheim unter Teck.
 Midnight Voices is a thriller horror novel by John Saul published by Ballantine Books on May 28 2002. The novel follows the story of Caroline Evans who moves with her new husband and children into a new building which they begin to believe is haunted.
 030 or [030] Magazin Berlin is a free ad-supported German magazine from Berlin. Its name refers to the dialing code of the city. It was founded on 6 October 1994 and provides information about movies concerts parties sports and new media. It is published every two weeks. The print run is 52000 pieces.
 Agents of Chaos: Hero's Trial (also released as Agents of Chaos I: Hero's Trial) is the first novel in a two-part story by James Luceno. Published and released in 2000 it is the fourth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 Other Voices is a peer-reviewed open-access academic journal of cultural criticism and cultural studies founded in 1996 at the University of Pennsylvania. Other Voices publishes interdisciplinary essays interviews roundtable discussions lecture transcriptions audio and video lectures multimedia projects translations and reviews in the arts and humanities. It covers developments in literature arts and culture through various historical critical and theoretical methods.
 In philosophy Either/Or (original Danish title: Enten ‒ Eller) is an influential book written by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard published in two volumes in 1843 exploring the aesthetic and ethical phases or stages of existence. Either/Or was Kierkegaard's first published book; it was released under the pseudonym Victor Eremita Latin for the victorious hermit.Either/Or portrays two life views one consciously hedonistic the other based on ethical duty and responsibility.
 The Flesh in the Furnace is a 1972 novel by Dean Koontz.
 For the Australian television series of the same name see: Snake Tales (TV series)For the missions mode of the same name see: Metal Gear Solid 2: SubstanceSnake Tales (also known as simply Snake after the main character) is a comic strip written by Australian cartoonist Allan Salisbury (aka Sols). Snake Tales was originally titled The Old Timer and was first published in The Daily Telegraph on 25 April 1974.
 Jack's Luck Runs Out is a full-color one-shot comic book created by Jason Little. The book features playing cards as characters where the title character is a jack. In March 1998 Little received a grant to help publish the book from the Xeric Foundation. The book was published by Top Shelf Productions.
 Hitler's War is a biographical book by David Irving. It describes the Second World War from the point of view of Adolf Hitler.It was first published in April 1977 by Hodder & Stoughton (ISBN 0-340-16747-5) and Viking Press (hardcover ISBN 0-670-37412-1). Avon Books reissued it in 1990 (paperback ISBN 0-380-75806-7). In 2002 Focal Point Publications published a revised illustrated edition combined together with his The War Path as a 1024-page hardcover (ISBN 1-872197-10-8).
 Branded Outlaw is a Western adventure that takes place in the wild west of New Mexico written by L. Ron Hubbard. It was first published in the October 1938 issue of Five Novels Monthly magazine.
 Mythlore is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Mythopoeic Society. Although it publishes articles that explore the genres of myth and fantasy in general special attention is given to the three most prominent members of the Inklings: J. R. R. Tolkien C. S. Lewis and Charles Williams. The current editor-in-chief is Janet Brennan Croft.
 Zone Policeman 88: A Close Range Study of the Panama Canal and Its Workers is a non-fiction book written by Harry A. Franck and published in 1913. Franck a travel writer who had produced a highly successful 1910 travelogue Vagabond Journey Around the World took a position as a police officer in the Panama Canal Zone reporting his experiences and observations in a book that proved like his debut popular. The book was generally critically well received.
 Twitter Power: How to Dominate Your Market One Tweet at a Time is a 2009 book by Joel Comm an Internet marketing expert professional speaker entrepreneur and author of the New York Times Best Seller The AdSense Code. The book aims to teach business owners how to use microblogging service Twitter to network and build a community around their services and to use tweets for viral marketing.
 The New Haven Register is a daily newspaper published in New Haven Connecticut. It is owned by Journal Register Company of Yardley Pennsylvania. The Register's main office is located at 40 Sargent Drive in New Haven. The Register covers 19 towns and cities within New Haven and Middlesex counties including New Haven.
 Jock of the Bushveld is a true story by South African author Sir James Percy FitzPatrick. The book tells of FitzPatrick's travels with his dog Jock a Staffordshire Bull Terrier during the 1880s when he worked as a storeman prospector's assistant journalist and ox-wagon transport-rider in the Bushveld region of the Transvaal (then the South African Republic).
 The Brooklyn Follies is a 2005 novel by Paul Auster.
 Dragonflame is a fantasy novel written by Graham Edwards. The novel was first published in 1997 by Voyager Books (UK) and HarperPrism (US). It is the final book in the Ultimate Dragon Saga trilogy. The book contains loose connections and foreshadowing to Edwards' later trilogy the Stone series.In 1997 the British Fantasy Society nominated Dragonflame for Best Novel of the year.[1]
 DOLLY is a monthly teen magazine started in 1970 by Fairfax Ltd. in Australia and New Zealand and purchased by ACP in 1988. The current editor is Lucy E Cousins. The previous editor was Tiffany Dunk. Dolly was the basis and inspiration for Sassy Magazine (1987-1996) in the United States.
 Assessment is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of psychology especially applied clinical assessment. The editor-in-chief is R. Michael Bagby (University of Toronto). It was established in 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Rules Compendium is a book written for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Uncut magazine trademarked as UNCUT is a monthly publication based in London. It is available across the English-speaking world and focuses on music but also includes film and books sections. A DVD magazine under the Uncut brand was published quarterly from 2005 to 2006.
 PS I Scored The Bridesmaids is a 2005 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the fourth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 The Degrees of Knowledge (French: Distinguer pour unir ou Les Degrés du Savoir) is a 1932 book by Jacques Maritain his major contribution to epistemology. It was first published in English translation in 1959.
 Madrasit El-Mushaghibin (School of Rascals) is an Egyptian play written by Aly Salem about students in a school where no teacher is in control of the class's behavior until a female teacher leads the students to success. Many of its actors later became leading comedians like Adel Imam Yunis Shalabi Sa'ed Saleh and Ahmad Zaki.
 Fairy Tales Told for Children. First Collection. (Danish: Eventyr fortalte for Børn. Første Samling.) is a collection of nine fairy tales by Hans Christian Andersen. The tales were published in a series of three installments by C. A. Reitzel in Copenhagen Denmark between May 1835 and April 1837 and represent Andersen’s first venture into the fairy tale genre.
 Heu Heu or the Monster is a novel by H Rider Haggard. Allan Quatermain tells the story of a monster in Rhodesia.
 A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg is a novel for children set in late 18th century Pittsburgh Pennsylvania written by the American writer Amanda Minnie Douglas (1831–1916).It opens in 1781 with the news of Lord Cornwallis’ surrender to George Washington as it reaches the Carrick Bradin and Duvernay families pioneers who live near Fort Pitt. The protagonist Daffodil is the “little girl” of the title and the plot primarily is used to illustrate the domestic life of early Pittsburghers.
 The Pacific Philosophical Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the School of Philosophy (University of Southern California) and is edited by the faculty there. The journal covers all major areas of philosophy in the analytic tradition sometimes as special issues aimed at a particular topic.
 Journal of Clinical Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed medical journal for the discipline of neurosurgery and neurology. It was established in 1994.
 Bring Home the Revolution : The Case For a British Republic is a non-fiction book written by Jonathan Freedland and originally published in 1998 by Fourth Estate. Part travel book part political and sociological examination of American society it is also a challenging argument for the introduction of Republicanism in Britain. The book was awarded the Somerset Maugham Award in 1999.
 Rewired: The Post-Cyberpunk Anthology (ISBN 1892391538 2007) is a collection of postcyberpunk short stories published by Tachyon Publications and edited by James Patrick Kelly and John Kessel.
 The Sea Hunters II: More True Adventures with Famous Shipwrecks is a nonfiction work by adventure novelist Clive Cussler published in the United States in 2002. This work details the author's continuing search for famous shipwrecks with his nonprofit organization NUMA. There is also a television series titled The Sea Hunters which is based on the book. It airs on the National Geographic Channel and History Television in Canada.
 Biotechnology and Applied Biochemistry is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of biotechnology applied to medicine veterinary medicine and diagnostics. Topics covered include the expression extraction purification formulation stability and characterization of both natural and recombinant biological molecules. As of 2013 Biotechnology and Applied Biochemistry is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
 Isaac Asimov's Caliban (1993) is a science fiction novel by Roger MacBride Allen set in Isaac Asimov's Robot/Empire/Foundation universe.
 Croket! (コロッケ! Korokke! lit. Croquette!) also spelled Korokke! is an adventure manga by Manavu Kashimoto. It was published by Shogakukan in CoroCoro Comic from April 2001 to November 2006 and collected in 15 bound volumes. It received the 2003 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.Croket! was adapted into an anime television series by OLM broadcast from April 7 2003 to March 29 2004 and had a total of 8 video games.
 Durgeshnandini (Bengali: দুর্গেশনন্দিনী Doorgeshnondini Daughter of the Feudal Lord) is a Bengali historical romance novel written by Indian writer Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay in 1865. Durgeshnandini is a story of the love triangle between Jagat Singh a Mughal General Tilottama the daughter of a Bengali feudal lord and Ayesha the daughter of a rebel Pathan leader against whom Jagat Singh was fighting.
 The Carnival is an American short story written by Michael Fedo. It was published among other short stories in the book
 Experimental & Clinical Cardiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering cardiology and heart health-related topics including hypertension myocardial ischemia diabetes and other cardiovascular diseases. It is the official journal of the International Academy of Cardiovascular Sciences and is published by the Cardiology Academic Press.
 The Dirdir is the third science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai Planet of Adventure. Written by Jack Vance it tells of the efforts of the sole survivor of the destruction of a human starship to return to Earth from the distant planet Tschai.
 The Journal-Advocate is a daily newspaper in Sterling Colorado. It is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing which is owned by MediaNews Group. MediaNews acquired it from Hollinger in 1996.
 Laboratory Life: The Construction of Scientific Facts is a 1979 book by sociologists of science Bruno Latour and Steve Woolgar. This influential book in the field of science studies presents an anthropological study of Roger Guillemin's scientific laboratory at the Salk Institute.
 Chaos: An Interdisciplinary Journal of Nonlinear Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering nonlinear systems and describing the manifestations in a manner comprehensible to researchers from a broad spectrum of disciplines. The editor-in-chief is David K. Campbell (Boston University).
 The magazine Strategische Unternehmensführung (English: Strategic Management or Strategic Leadership) was established in 1998. It was published semi-annual in Munich and St. Gallen with the ISSN 1436-5812. It featured articles on Strategic Leadership and Management through the eyes of economic science business research and business practice. Through all the time Martin H. Wiggers was Editor-in-Chief. The magazine was published by the Andechser Studienkreis.
 The Good Fairy is the English translation by Jane Hinton of the 1930 play A jó tündér by Ferenc Molnár. The Hungarian original premiered in Budapest Hungary in October 1931 and the English translation was presented on Broadway with Helen Hayes playing Lu for 151 performances in 1931–1932 with another production playing 68 performances later that year.In 1935 Preston Sturges adapted the story for the film The Good Fairy which starred Margaret Sullavan.
 Blood Tracks is a crime novel by the American writer Karen Rose Cercone set in 1905 Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of detective Milo Kachigan and his investigation of a murder of an engineer for the Westinghouse Air Brake Company.
 Nine Days to Christmas is a book by Marie Hall Ets and Aurora Labastida. Released by Viking Press it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1960.In the story Ceci anxiously awaits her first posada the special Mexican Christmas party and the opportunity to select a piñata for it.
 The San Mateo Daily News was a free daily newspaper in San Mateo California published 6 days a week with an average daily circulation of 22000. The newspaper was founded August 9 2000 by Dave Price (journalist) and Jim Pavelich who also published the Palo Alto Daily News. Both papers were distributed in large red newspaper racks and in stores coffee shops restaurants schools and major workplaces.
 TIM Defender of the Earth is a young adult science fiction novel by Sam Enthoven written in the spirit of classic monster movies such as Godzilla and Gamera.It was shortlisted for the Waterstone's Children's Book Prize.
 Judo Boy (紅三四郎 Kurenai Sanshiro Scarlet Sanshiro) is a Japanese anime television series created by Tatsuo Yoshida and directed by Ippei Kuri. The series aired on Fuji TV from April 2 1969 to September 24 1969 totaling 26 episodes.The series stars a teenage martial artist named Sanshiro (voiced by Ikuo Nishikawa) trained in the Kurenai School of Jiujitsu and centers around his search for his father's killer.
 Os og Fusaposten is a local newspaper published in Os Hordaland Norway. It was established in 1987.In 2007 it had a circulation of 5793 of whom 4981 are subscribers.Os og Fusaposten were given the local newspaper of the year award in Norway in 2005. The award is presented by Landslaget for Lokalaviser.
 The Mist in the Mirror: A Ghost Story is a novel by Susan Hill. The novel is about a traveller called Sir James Monmouth and his pursuit of an explorer called Conrad Vane.
 The Bekhterev Review of Psychiatry and Medical Psychology (Russian: Обозрение психиатрии и медицинской психологии им. В.М.Бехтерева) is a Russian peer-reviewed medical journal containing original research systematic reviews etc. relating to the areas of psychiatry medical psychology and psychotherapy.
 The Rat Race is a science fiction novel by Jay Franklin. It was first published in book form in 1950 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1500 copies of which 1200 were hardcover. The novel originally appeared in the magazine Collier's Weekly in 1947.
 Geis of the Gargoyle is the eighteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 The End of Eternity (1955) by Isaac Asimov is a science fiction novel with mystery and thriller elements on the subjects of time travel and social engineering.The themes are very different from most of his robot and 'space opera' stories and take a clever approach to time paradoxes. Some consider it his best or among his best fiction. As of April 2009 a film adaptation—to be directed by Kevin Macdonald—is planned.
 La Presse Porto-Novienne ('Porto-Novo Press') was a French language weekly republican socialist newspaper published from Porto-Novo Dahomey (present-day Benin). The newspaper was founded in 1931 by Vincent Moreira Pinto. It carried subtitles in Yoruba language and had a Yoruba language section (one of very few newspapers at the time to include material in an African language).La Presse Porto-Novienne had an edgy militant evocation of journalism.
 Not Quite Dead Enough is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in abridged form in the December 1942 issue of The American Magazine.
 GOTH (ゴス Gosu) is a Japanese novel written by Otsuichi about two high school students fascinated by murder. The novel won the Honkaku Mystery Grand Prize in 2003. It was adapted into a manga by Kendi Oiwa. Both were published in Japan by Kadokawa and were published in English by Tokyopop in October and September 2008. In 2008 the novel was adapted into a live action movie directed by Gen Takahashi.
 Social Anarchism or Lifestyle Anarchism: An Unbridgeable Chasm is a polemical essay written by Murray Bookchin and published as a book in 1995. It is a critique of deep ecology bio-centrism and lifestyle anarchism. Bookchin sets his social anarchism in opposition to individualist primitivist and post-modern forms of anarchism (represented he maintains by such anarchist philosophers as John Zerzan and Hakim Bey).
 The Betrayers is the title of the tenth novel in the Matt Helm spy series by Donald Hamilton which originated with Death of a Citizen in 1960. This novel was first published in 1966. Up to this point Hamilton had maintained a publishing schedule of at least one Helm novel annually sometimes more than one. Readers would have to wait until 1968 until the release of the next Matt Helm novel The Menacers.
 In the Valley of the Kings: Stories is a collection of short stories the single debut book by the American writer doctor and former professor Terrence Holt. It was published on September 14 2009 by W. W. Norton & Company.The book garnered Holt a large following and much positive appraisal. In the Valley of the Kings has been praised by Pulitzer Prize winner Junot Diaz National Book Award winner Gerald Stern National Book Award finalist Aleksandar Hemon and many other writers.
 This article is about the magazine. For the guitar see Gretsch.Country Gentleman (1831-1955) was an American agricultural magazine founded in 1831 in Rochester NY by Luther Tucker. The magazine was purchased by Curtis Publishing Company in 1911. Curtis redirected the magazine to address the business side of farming which was largely ignored by the agricultural magazines of the time.
 The Origin of Birds is an early synopsis of bird evolution written in 1926 by Gerhard Heilmann a Danish artist and amateur zoologist. The book was born from a series of articles published between 1913 and 1916 in Danish and although republished as a book it received mainly criticism from established scientists and got little attention within Denmark.
 The Dark Tower: The Fall of Gilead is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. It is the penultimatestory arc of five based on Stephen King's The Dark Tower series of novels. It is plotted by Robin Furth scripted by Peter David and illustrated by Richard Isanove. Stephen King is the Creative and Executive Director of the project. The first issue was published May 13 2009.
 The Manchester Gazette was a conformist non-Tory newspaper based in Manchester England.Founded by William Cowdroy in 1795 the newspaper was written and printed by him and his four sons. Although considered poor quality it sold because it was the only non-Tory newspaper in Manchester.After the death of William Snr in 1814 his son William Jnr became the new editor. Selling only 250 copies weekly Cowdroy engaged his non-conformist friends of the first Little Circle to contribute articles.
 Korean Studies is an international academic journal that seeks to further scholarship on Korea and Koreans abroad by providing a forum for interdisciplinary and multicultural articles book reviews and essays in the humanities and social sciences. The journal was founded at the University of Hawaii Center for Korean Studies under the directorship of Dae-Sook Suh. Volumes 1-3 list the Center faculty but no editor. Volumes 4-6 list Peter D.
 Operations Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering operations research that is published by INFORMS. It was established in 1952 as the Journal of the Operations Research Society of America and obtained its current name in 1955. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2009 MCQ was 0.23 and its 2009 impact factor was 1.576.
 Health: An Interdisciplinary Journal for the Social Study of Health Illness and Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal that covers research in the fields of health and the social sciences. The journal was established in 1997 with Alan Radley Loughborough University) as founding editor and is published by SAGE Publications.
 Mäeküla piimamees (The Dairyman of Mäeküla) is a novel by Estonian author Eduard Vilde. It was first published in 1916. It was translated into English as Milkman of the Manor by Melanie Rauk in 1976.
 Plan is a Bi-monthly architecture and design publication based in Dublin Ireland. It caters mainly for Irish and international architects and designers. Plan also documents alternative architectural culture such as interdisciplinary interplays between architecture and philosophy art and new social movements.
 Light Verse is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the September–October 1973 issue of The Saturday Evening Post. It later appeared in the collections Buy Jupiter and Other Stories (1975) The Complete Robot (1982) and Robot Dreams (1986).
 The Bulletin of Engineering Geology and the Environment is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in geoscience. It is the official journal of the International Association of Engineering Geology and the Environment and published on their behalf by Springer Science+Business Media. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.667.
 Virtually Normal: An Argument About Homosexuality is a 1995 book about the politics of homosexuality by Andrew Sullivan.
 Goodnight Children Everywhere is a 1997 play written by American playwright Richard Nelson that premiered at The Other Place in Stratford-upon-Avon England. The play is set in 1945 just after the end of World War II. Three sisters reunite with their brother who had been sent to live in the United States during the period of evacuations of civilians during the London bombings.
 Recognized as the leading newsstand publication in its field Airways is currently distributed through newsstands in North America and 35 nations worldwide reaching subscribers in more than 60 countries. Located at America’s commercial aviation epicenter Airways International Inc.
 Al-Ahram Hebdo is a French-language weekly newspaper in Egypt.
 The Closing of the American Mind is a 1987 book by Allan Bloom who describes how higher education has failed democracy and impoverished the souls of today's students. He focuses especially upon the openness of relativism as leading paradoxically to the great closing referenced in the book's title. Bloom argues that openness and absolute understanding undermines critical thinking and eliminates the point of view that defines cultures.
 Otomen (オトメン(乙男)) is a Japanese romantic comedy manga by manga artist Aya Kanno which began in Bessatsu Hana to Yume in late 2006 and concluded on November 26 2012. The series has been adapted into a live action TV drama. The series has been one of the best-selling shōjo properties in America since being licensed by Viz Media. The series is also licensed in France by Delcourt and in Spain by Planeta DeAgostini.
 The Eccentric Family (有頂天家族 Uchōten Kazoku) is a Japanese comedy-drama novel written by Tomihiko Morimi originally published by Gentosha. A television anime adaptation aired from July 7 2013 to September 29 2013 and was simulcast by Crunchyroll.
 Sayonara Zetsubou-Sensei (さよなら絶望先生 Sayonara Zetsubō Sensei literally Goodbye Mr. Despair) is a Japanese manga by Kōji Kumeta serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine. It is a comedy about a teacher who takes all aspects of life word and culture in the most negative light possible. It satirizes politics media and Japanese society. In 2007 the manga received the thirty-first Kodansha Manga Award in the shōnen category and was adapted into a twelve-episode anime series.
 Mathematical Methods in the Physical Sciences is a 1966 textbook by mathematician Mary L. Boas intended to develop skills in mathematical problem solving needed for junior to senior-graduate courses in engineering physics and chemistry. The book provides a comprehensive survey of analytic techniques and provides careful statements of important theorems while omitting most detailed proofs. Each section contains a large number of problems with selected answers.
 Mission of Honor by David Weber and published on June 22 2010 by Baen Books is the twelfth novel set in the Honorverse in the main Honor Harrington series. It debuted at #13 on the New York Times Hardcover Fiction Best Seller List.
 The River also known as The Return and Hatchet: The Return is a 1991 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen. It is the second installment in the Hatchet series but third in terms of chronology with Brian's Winter serving as an alternative second book.
 Nädaline is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Night Mare is the sixth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Family Happiness (Russian: Семейное счастье [Semeynoye Schast'ye]) is an 1859 novella written by Leo Tolstoy first published in The Russian Messenger. The story concerns the love and marriage of a young girl Mashechka (17 years old) and the much older Sergey Mikhaylych (36) an old family friend. After a somewhat awkward courtship the two are married and move to Mikhaylych's home.
 Magic in Ithkar 2 is an shared world anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andre Norton and Robert Adams. It was first published as a trade paperback by Tor Books in December 1985.
 Harvard Girl (full title Harvard Girl Liu Yiting: a character training record; Chinese: 哈佛女孩刘亦婷: 素质培养纪实; pinyin: Hāfó Nǚhái Liú Yìtíng: sùzhì péixùn jìshí) is a book written by Liu Weihua (刘卫华) and Zhang Xinwu (张欣武) which describes how they raised their daughter Liu Yiting (刘亦婷) to be accepted to Harvard University.
 Hitohira (ひとひら lit. Petal) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Izumi Kirihara. The story revolves around a shy girl named Mugi Asai who is unsure of what club to join in her school but before she knows it she gets dragged into the Drama Research Society and becomes a member. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Comic High! on March 22 2004 and is published by Futabasha.
 Inferno is a 2013 mystery thriller novel by American author Dan Brown and the fourth book in his Robert Langdon series following Angels & Demons The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol. The book was released on May 14 2013 by Doubleday. It was number one on the New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover fiction and Combined Print & E-book fiction for the first eleven weeks of its release and also remained on the list of E-book fiction for the first seventeen weeks of its release.
 Superman: The Dark Side is the title of 3 issue limited comic books series. It was published in 1998 by DC Comics as one of their Elseworlds titles. The story relates the Superman story imagining he had landed on Apokolips instead of Earth.
 Birding World is a monthly birding magazine published in the United Kingdom. It is the magazine of the Bird Information Service based at Cley next the Sea Norfolk.Originally published in 1987 as Twitching volume 1 the magazine underwent a name-change to its present name at the end of that year (also resetting its volume count back to 1).
 Pereira Maintains (Italian: Sostiene Pereira) is a 1994 novel by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi. It is also known as Pereira Declares and Declares Pereira. Its story follows Pereira a journalist for the culture column of a small Lisbon newspaper as he struggles with his conscience and the restrictions of the fascist regime of Antonio Salazar. Antonio Tabucchi won the Premio Campiello Viareggio Prize and Premio Scanno in 1994 for the novel.
 The Philosopher is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1923 and is one of the oldest general philosophy journals in the world.[citation needed] It publishes short original and accessible articles. It is the official journal of The Philosophical Society of England.
 British Warships in the Age of Sail is a series of books by maritime historian Rif Winfield comprising a historical reference work providing details of all recorded ships that served or were intended to serve in the Royal Navy from 1603 to 1863.
 Alces is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original papers on the biology and management of moose (Alces alces) throughout their circumpolar distribution as well as other ungulate or carnivore species that overlap their range. It has been editedin published in Lakehead University (Thunder Bay Ontario) since 1978[citation needed]. A single volume per year is published; a volume has one or sometimes two issues with occasional supplements.
 The Journal of Steroid Biochemistry and Molecular Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of steroid metabolism. It was established in 1969 as Journal of Steroid Biochemistry and obtained its current name in 1990. The editor-in-chief is J. Adamski (Helmholtz Zentrum München).
 The Panic Zone is a thriller novel by Canadian author Rick Mofina released on June 30 2010. It is a Globe and Mail Canadian bestseller
 The Oxymoron is a student satirical magazine published anonymously by and for students of Oxford University. It takes the form of a spoof newspaper similar to The Onion though with a focus on events relevant to the life of an Oxford student. The magazine takes its name from the concept of an oxymoron as well as being a reference to the word Oxon used to identify an Oxford degree. It is published termly.
 Jōmō Shimbun (上毛新聞) is the regional daily newspaper published in Gunma prefecture Japan. It was established in 1887 and has a circulation of 311534.Hideo Yokoyama a novelist had worked for the Jōmō Shimbun as a journalist for 12 years.
 The Poor Pay More is a 1967 book published by David Caplovitz. It is a sociology study of what could be called the poverty penalty which is a concept that poor people pay more for the same goods and services as people with more money do.Esther Peterson cited the book as being important for understanding contemporary consumer problems.In 2010 a researcher cited the book as still being relevant.
 In his 2007 book On Nuclear Terrorism author Michael A. Levi surveys the issue of nuclear terrorism and explores the decisions a terrorist leader might take in pursuing a nuclear plot. Levi points out the many obstacles that such a terrorist scheme may encounter which in turn leads to a host of possible ways that any terrorist plan could be foiled.Michael Levi is a Senior Fellow for energy and environment at the Council on Foreign Relations New York.
 BMC Systems Biology is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in systems biology. The journal was established in 2007 and is published by BioMed Central.
 The Magic School Bus Lost in the Solar System is the fourth book in Joanna Cole and Bruce Degan's The Magic School Bus series. The book depicts arguably the most well-known adventure of the series and introduces the character of Janet.
 Sleepwalking Land (in Portuguese: Terra Sonâmbula) is a novel written by Mia Couto a Mozambican writer first published in Portuguese in 1992 and translated into English by David Brookshaw in 2006. In 1995 the novel received the National Fiction Award from the Association of Mozambican Writers (AEMO) and was chosen as one of the twelve best African books of the 20th century by the panel of the Zimbabwe Book Fair.
 The Ghost-Seer (full title: Der Geisterseher – Aus den Papieren des Grafen von O**; literally The Ghost-Seer – From the papers of the Count of O**) or The Apparitionist is an unfinished novel by Friedrich Schiller. It first appeared in several instalments from 1787 to 1789 in the journal Thalia later appearing as a three-volume book in its own right. Although it remained unfinished its audiences were the largest for any of Schiller's work during his lifetime.
 Sword Quest is a 2008 children's adventure novel by Nancy Yi Fan. It is a prequel to Swordbird which was published in February 2007.
 Flagship Magazine is an independent magazine for gamers. Published in the UK it started in 1983 for PBM players.
 The Raw Shark Texts is the debut novel by author Steven Hall released in 2007. The book was released by Canongate Books in the US and the UK and published by HarperCollins in Canada. The title is a play on Rorschach Tests which are inkblot tests.
 The Post-American World is a non-fiction book by Indian American journalist Fareed Zakaria. It was published in hardcover and audiobook formats in early May 2008 and became available in paperback in early May 2009; the Updated and Expanded Release 2.0 followed in 2011. In the book Zakaria argues that thanks to the actions of the United States in spreading liberal democracy across the world other countries are now competing with the US in terms of economic industrial and cultural power.
 The Pnume is the final science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai Planet of Adventure. Written by Jack Vance it tells of the efforts to return to Earth by the sole survivor of a human starship destroyed while investigating a mysterious signal from the distant planet Tschai.
 Kurzemes Vārds is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Democracy and Education: An Introduction to the Philosophy of Education is a 1916 book by John Dewey. Dewey sought to at once synthesize criticize and expand upon the democratic (or proto-democratic) educational philosophies of Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Plato.[citation needed] He saw Rousseau's philosophy as overemphasizing the individual and Plato's philosophy as overemphasizing the society in which the individual lived.
 The Educated Mind: How Cognitive Tools Shape Our Understanding is a 1997 book on educational theory by Kieran Egan.
 A Fine and Private Place is a fantasy novel written by Peter S. Beagle the first of his major fantasies. It was first published in hardcover by Viking Press on May 23 1960 followed by a trade paperback from Delta the same year. Frederick Muller Ltd. published the first United Kingdom hardcover in 1960 and a regular paperback followed from Corgi in 1963. The first U.S. mass market paperback publication was by Ballantine Books in 1969.
 Sorites is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering analytic philosophy. The journal favors no particular school or tendency within analytical philosophy. Its only conditions for publication are standards of rigour clarity and careful argumentation. It is indexed by The Philosopher's Index.
 Nashville Scene is an alternative newsweekly in Nashville Tennessee. It was founded in 1989 became a part of Village Voice Media in 1999 and later joined the ranks of sixteen other publications after a merger of Village Voice Media with New Times Media early in 2006. In 2009 the paper was acquired by SouthComm Communications. The publication mainly reports and opines on music arts entertainment and local and state politics in Nashville.
 Monster Nation is a serial novel by David Wellington. It concerns the opening days of a zombie apocalypse and the end of the world. The novel was originally serialized online. It is a prequel to Monster Island.
 Violette's Daring Adventure (French: Le défi de Pirouette Passiflore) is the sixth book in the Beechwood Bunny Tales series. It was originally published by France's Éditions Milan in 1991 and in the United States by Gareth Stevens a year later. The book was awarded the Soleils d'Or at 1991's BD Festival.In the book Violette Bellflower and her brother Periwinkle leave their Beechwood Grove home and decide to play at a faraway pond although their family thinks it is too dangerous.
 Tomorrow Stories was an American comic book series created by Alan Moore for his America's Best Comics (ABC) line published by Wildstorm (now a subsidiary of DC Comics).
 The Polyester Prince is an unauthorized biography of Indian business tycoon and Reliance Industries founder Dhirubhai Ambani. The book was written by Australian journalist Hamish McDonald and first published by Allen & Unwin an Australian publisher in 1998. The book was never published in India and was banned there.
 The Brotherhood of the Rose is the first novel in a trilogy by David Morrell first published in 1983. It is followed by The Fraternity of the Stone (1985) and The League of Night and Fog (1987).
 Pretty Baby Machine (also known as Pretty Baby Machine) is a three-issue comic book limited series written by Clark Westerman with art by Kody Chamberlain and released by Image Comics through their ShadowLine studio in 2008.The title refers to the three protagonists: Pretty Boy Floyd Baby Face Nelson and Machine Gun Kelly.
 The Covenant of the Crown is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Howard Weinstein.
 Wolfblade is a fantasy novel written by Australian author Jennifer Fallon. It is the first in a trilogy titled the Wolfblade Trilogy.First came The Demon Child Trilogy. Now the Chronicles are extended in The Hythrun Chronicles.
 Cole Black is an underground comic book hard-boiled detective created by Rocky Hartberg in 1976. The detective first appeared in the self-published full-sheet newspaper-sized Cole Black Comix #1 (1976) which had a print run of only 200 copies all distributed in the Aberdeen South Dakota area. Hartberg submitted Cole Black to Marvel Comics for inclusion in Epic Magazine in the late-1970s.
 Me and Hitch is a 1997 book that chronicles the relationship between writer Evan Hunter and director Alfred Hitchcock beginning with their meeting in the summer of 1959 through April 1963.
 The Talisman is a 1984 fantasy novel by Stephen King and Peter Straub. The plot is not related to that of the 1825 Walter Scott novel of the same name although there is one oblique reference to a Sir Walter Scott novel. The Talisman was nominated for both the Locus and World Fantasy Awards in 1985.
 North and South is a 1980s trilogy of bestselling novels by John Jakes which take place before during and after the American Civil War. The saga tells the story of the enduring friendship between Orry Main of South Carolina and George Hazard of Pennsylvania who become best friends while attending the United States Military Academy at West Point but later find themselves and their families on opposite sides of the war.
 The Psychology of Self-Esteem is a book by Nathaniel Branden first published in 1969. It explains Branden's theories of human psychology focusing on the role of self-esteem. Most of the book was written during Branden's association with Ayn Rand and it reflects some her philosophical ideas. The book's success helped to popularize the idea of self-esteem as an important element of self-improvement.
 Home to Roost is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as Nero Wolfe and the Communist Killer in the January 1952 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Triple Jeopardy published by the Viking Press in 1952. This novella and the 1949 novel The Second Confession are notable expressions of Stout's contempt for both Communism and McCarthyism.
 Knowledge and Human Interests (German: Erkenntnis und Interesse) is a 1968 book by the German philosopher Jürgen Habermas. The work was first published in English translation in 1972 by Heinemann Educational Books.
 Kittyhawk Down is a crime novel by Garry Disher published in 2003.
 The Michigan Citizen (sometimes called just Michigan Citizen) is a weekly newspaper distributed in Detroit Michigan. The Michigan Citizen has been published on Sundays since November 1978. Charles D. Kelly (1932-2006) was the newspaper’s founding publisher.
 Nice People was a 1921 Broadway four act comedy written by Rachel Crothersproduced by Samuel H. Harris and staged by Rachel Crothers. The general manager was William G. Norton scenic design by Navon Bergman and John Kirkpatrick was the stage manager. It ran for 120 performances from March 2 1921 to June 1921 at the Klaw Theatre. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1920-1921.This was Katharine Cornell's Broadway debut.It was adapted into the 1922 silent film Nice People.
 Transactions of the Philological Society (TPhS) is a linguistics journal published three times a year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Philological Society. It has appeared since 1854 making it the oldest scholarly linguistics journal.
 The Bone Clocks is David Mitchell's upcoming sixth novel.
 Science Gossip (or Hardwicke's Science Gossip: A Monthly Medium of Interchange and Gossip for Students and Lovers of Nature to give its full title) was a monthly popular-science magazine published from 1865 to 1893 by Robert Hardwicke. In 1893 John T. Carrington became proprietor of ' Science Gossip' which he edited until 1902. After a few years of great and marked improvement the publication was allowed to drop owing we believe to insufficient financial support.
 Sakura Gari (樱狩) is a manga series illustrated by Yuu Watase set during the 1920s in Japan. It was Yuu Watase's first boys' love work.
 Blue is a gay men's magazine from Australia that features artistically composed images of nude and semi-nude men taken by top photographers from around the world. It also contains a variety of interviews and articles on art films music culture and travel.
 Young Sherlock Holmes: Black Ice is the third novel in the Young Sherlock Holmes series that depicts Arthur Conan Doyle's detective Sherlock Holmes as a teenager in the 1860s. It was written by Andrew Lane and released in the United Kingdom on 3 June 2011 by Macmillan Books. It follows on from Young Sherlock Holmes: Death Cloud and Young Sherlock Holmes: Red Leech.==Plot summary==Mycroft Holmes invites Sherlock and his tutor Amyus Crowe to London for a visit.
 Hey Nostradamus! is a novel by Douglas Coupland centred around a fictional 1988 school shooting in suburban Vancouver British Columbia and its aftermath. This is Coupland's most critically acclaimed novel. It was first published by Random House of Canada in 2003. The novel comprises four first-person narratives each from the perspective of a character directly or indirectly affected by the shooting.
 Face Forward is a cosmetics book written by Kevyn Aucoin. It was a New York Times bestseller.[citation needed]Aucoin's portrait subjects include Julia Roberts Sharon Stone Martha Stewart Tori Amos and Aucoin's own mother. Little Brown reported a 275000-copy first printing (compared to 164000 for his last book Making Faces) and the publishing company had already ordered three more press runs by the end of the month for a total of 425000 copies.
 The Journal of Personal Selling & Sales Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on marketing. All submissions undergo double-blind peer review. The journal was established in 1980. Topics covered include sales force motivation compensation performance and evaluation buyer-seller-relationships team selling account management effectiveness of selling approaches and technology in selling. The journal is published by M. E.
 Central Asiatic Journal is a biannual academic journal covering research on the languages literature history and archaeology of Central Asia.
 Outside Mullingar is a play by John Patrick Shanley which ran on Broadway in 2014.
 The Investment Answer Learn to Manage Your Money & Protect Your Financial Future is the #1 New York Times Bestselling book for individual investors by Daniel C. Goldie CFA CFP and Gordon S. Murray. The book was first released in paperback in 2010 and later published in hardcover in 2011. It is 96 pages long. Gordon Murray who died as the result of glioblastoma a type of brain cancer on January 15 2011 chose to co-write this book in the time he has remaining.
 Toxicology and Industrial health is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the fields of occupational health and toxicology. The editor-in-chief is Alan M. Hoberman (Charles River). It was established 1985 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 This article is about the journal The Condor; for information about the bird from which it takes it name see Condor.The Condor is a peer-reviewed quarterly scientific journal covering ornithology and published by the Cooper Ornithological Society.
 Misha: A Mémoire of the Holocaust Years is a literary hoax by Misha Defonseca first published in 1997. The book was fraudulently published as a memoir telling the supposed true story of how the author survived The Holocaust as a young Jewish girl wandering Europe searching for her deported parents.
 The Slave Community: Plantation Life in the Antebellum South is a book written by American historian John W. Blassingame. Published in 1972 it is one of the first historical studies of slavery in the United States to be presented from the perspective of the enslaved.
 The Futurological Congress (Polish: Kongres futurologiczny) is a 1971 black humour science fiction novel by Stanisław Lem detailing the exploits of the hero of a number of his books Ijon Tichy as he visits the Eighth World Futurological Congress at a Hilton Hotel in Costa Rica. The book is Lem's take on the common sci-fi trope of an apparently Utopian future that turns out to be an illusion.
 Her Majesty's Dog (女王様の犬 Joō-sama no Inu) is a manga series by Mick Takeuchi. Published by Akita Shoten the first volume was released in Japan in October 2001 and spanned 11 tankōbon volumes before its conclusion in May 2006. It was initially released quarterly and was a part-time project for Takeuchi but as the series grew in popularity it moved to a monthly schedule.
 Hawksbill Station is a science fiction novel written by Robert Silverberg. The novel is an expanded version of a short story first published in Galaxy Science Fiction in 1967; the novel was published in 1968. It was released in the United Kingdom under the title The Anvil of Time.
 The Pingyao Zhuan translated as The Sorcerer's Revolt or Quelling the Demons is a novel written in the Ming Dynasty and attributed to Luo Guanzhong the 14th-century author of Romance of the Three Kingdoms. In the late 16th century Feng Menglong wrote a longer version of the story expanding the novel to forty chapters from the original twenty. A work in the shenmo genre the novel blends comedy with the supernatural and is an early work of vernacular fiction.
 Marvel Super Heroes Secret Wars commonly known simply as Secret Wars is a twelve-issue comic book crossover limited series published from May 1984 to April 1985 by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Jim Shooter with art by Mike Zeck and Bob Layton. It was tied to the same-named toyline from Mattel.
 The Street is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft written in late 1919 and first published in the December 1920 issue of the Wolverine amateur journal.
 Oh Canada! Oh Quebec! Requiem for a Divided Country is a book by Canadian novelist Mordecai Richler. Published in 1992 it parodied the evolution of language policy in Quebec and spoofed the Canadian province of Quebec's language laws that restrict the use of the English-language.
 Wulfenia: Mitteilungen des Kärntner Botanikzentrums is a print-only peer-reviewed scientific journal of botany published by the Regional Museum of Carinthia. It was established in 1994 and the editor-in-chief is Roland K. Eberwein (Carinthian Botanic Center).
 [Date: 1601.] Conversation as it was by the Social Fireside in the Time of the Tudors. or simply 1601 is the title of a short risqué squib by Mark Twain first published anonymously in 1880 and finally acknowledged by the author in 1906.Written as an extract from the diary of one of Queen Elizabeth I's ladies-in-waiting the pamphlet purports to record a conversation between Elizabeth and several famous writers of the day.
 The Coffs Coast Advocate is a daily newspaper serving Coffs Harbour in New South Wales Australia. The newspaper is owned by APN News & Media.The Coffs Coast Advocate is circulated to the Coffs Harbour surrounds from Macksville in the south west to Dorrigo and as far north as Halfway Creek.
 The Seventh Crystal is the twelfth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on July 1 1996 by Random House.
 Hiatari Ryōkō! (陽あたり良好!) is a high-school romance manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It was published by Shogakukan in 1980–1981 in the magazine Shōjo Comic and collected in five tankōbon volumes. It was later adapted into a live-action television drama series an anime television series and an anime film sequel to the television series. The title translates roughly as Sunlight All Around!
 The Duck House is a 2013 comedy farce play written by Dan Patterson and Colin Swash. It is based around the events of the 2009 UK parliamentary expenses scandal and made its world premiere at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre in October 2013 at the start of a five-week UK tour. The production then transferred to the West End's Vaudeville Theatre where it ran until 29 March 2014.
 Larry Yuma is the title character of an Italian western comics series created by Carlo Boscarato and Claudio Nizzi. It was published in the comics magazine Il Giornalino from 1971 to 1992 for a total of 164 episodes.The comic is strongly influenced by the Italian Spaghetti Western cinema.
 Prentice Alvin (1989) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card. It is the third book in Card's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller the Seventh son of a seventh son. Prentice Alvin won the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1990 was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1989 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1990.
 Biebel is the title character of a Flemish satirical comic strip series written by Marc Legendre under the pseudonym of Ikke.
 Always Coming Home is a novel by author Ursula K. Le Guin published in 1985 about a cultural group of humans—the Kesh—who might be going to have lived a long long time from now in Northern California. (p. i) Part novel part textbook part anthropologist's record Always Coming Home explains the life and culture of the Kesh people.
 Televi-Kun (てれびくん Terebikun) is a Japanese monthly manga magazine published by Shogakukan starting in May 1976. Its main target is elementary school aged boys younger than the readers of shōnen manga. It mostly features super heroes such as Kamen Rider Super Sentai Ultraman and Metal Hero have gone on to be cultural phenomena in Japan.The name comes from the word Televi the Japanese word for 'television' and kun which is a Japanese honorific for 'boys'.
 Maico 2010 is a manga series by Toshimitsu Shimizu which ran in Young King Ours from 1997 to 1998. The manga was adapted to an anime TV series on WOWOW in 1998 under the title Android Announcer Maico 2010 (アンドロイド・アナ MAICO 2010 Andoroido Ana Maiko Nimaru-ichimaru) as part of the Anime Complex omnibus show. The series was published in English by ComicsOne. ComicsOne rated the series as Suggested 17Up.
 The Journal of the National Cancer Institute (JNCI) is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in oncology that was established in August 1940. It is published twice per month by Oxford University Press and is edited by Carmen J. Allegra. It was merged with Cancer Treatment Reports in January 1988. JNCI used to be the official journal of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) however in 1996 the NCI and JNCI agreed to grow apart.
 Dhanam is a fortnightly business magazine in Malayalam language published in the state of Kerala India. It was first published in 1987 and was the only major source of business news and related topics in the state at that time. The Malayalam word Dhanam translates to wealth in English.
 The Girl in a Swing is the fourth novel by Richard Adams author of Watership Down. It was first published in 1980. Subsequent editions changed the female lead's name from Kathe Geutner to Karin Forster due to threat of a libel suit from someone with that name. It was adapted by director Gordon Hessler into a 1988 film starring Meg Tilly.
 Ghostgirl is the debut novel from author and filmmaker Tonya Hurley. It is the story of high school senior Charlotte Usher a misfit outsider whose desperation to be popular lives on even after her sudden death. The young adult novel was published on August 1 2008 by Little Brown and Company and hit the New York Times Bestseller list Chapter Books on September 14 2008. ghostgirl has been printed in several different languages around the world including Spanish and French.
 Shakespeare Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1950 by the Shakespeare Association of America. It is now under the auspices of the Folger Shakespeare Library. Along with book and performance criticism Shakespeare Quarterly incorporates scholarly research and essays on Shakespeare and the age in which he worked.
 Everything's Archie was a comic book published by Archie Comics from 1969 to 1991. The title served as a vehicle for showcasing the newly created Archie band The Archies which was featured in the Archie TV cartoon series of the late 1960s and early 1970s. The series follows the exploits of the Archie band as they meet record execs play gigs etc. Like Betty and Veronica Summer Fun and World Of Archie it was part of the Archie Giant Series.
 Northern Lights known as The Golden Compass in North America is a young-adult fantasy novel by Philip Pullman published by Scholastic UK in 1995. Set in a universe parallel to ours it features the journey of Lyra Belacqua to the Arctic in search of her missing friend Roger Parslow and her imprisoned uncle Lord Asriel who has been conducting experiments with a mysterious substance known as Dust.Northern Lights is the first book of a trilogy His Dark Materials (1995 to 2000).
 Kashimashi: Girl Meets Girl (かしまし ～ガール・ミーツ・ガール～ Kashimashi ~Gāru Mītsu Gāru~) is a Japanese yuri manga series written by Satoru Akahori and illustrated by Yukimaru Katsura. The manga was originally serialized in Dengeki Daioh between the July 2004 and May 2007 issues and later published in five bound volumes by MediaWorks from January 2005 to May 2007.
 Five Star Billionaire is a novel by Tash Aw published in 2013.It was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 2013 Man Booker Prize Aw's first nomination.
 The Quincunx of Time is a short science fiction novel by James Blish. It is an extended version of a short story entitled Beep published by Galaxy Science Fiction magazine in 1954. The novel form was first published in 1973.
 The Arrangement is a 1967 long novel by Elia Kazan narrated by a successful Greek-American advertising executive and magazine writer living in an affluent Los Angeles suburb who suffers a nervous breakdown due to the stress of the way in which he has lived his life – the arrangement of the title. In 1969 Kazan made it into a film. The Arrangement was a best-seller and garnered generally favorable reviews but it has been out of print since 1980es.
 A Distant Soil is an epic space opera comic book series combining science fiction and fantasy with Arthurian themes. Written and illustrated by Colleen Doran it is one of the works for which she is best known.The story which Doran created at the age of twelve centers on a young girl who is born heir to an alien religious dynasty and explores issues of politics gender identity and tolerance.
 The Land of the Sky or adventures in mountain by-ways is a novel by Mrs. Frances Tiernan under the pseudonym Christian Reid. It was published in 1876. The name refers to the Blue Ridge Mountains and Great Smoky Mountains in western North Carolina. The title of the book has come to be used as a nickname for North Carolina but has more recently been the adopted name of the city of Asheville North Carolina which lies between the Blue Ridge and Great Smoky Mountains.
 A Certain World: A Commonplace Book by W. H. Auden is a book containing quotations selected by Auden with his commentary arranged in an alphabetical sequence of topics from Accedie to Writing. It was published in 1970.Auden described the book as the closest he would ever come to writing an autobiography; it was he wrote a map of my planet.
 Majin Bone (マジンボーン) is a digital card game by Bandai. A manga series is serialized in the magazine Saikyo Jump by Shueisha and an anime television series debuted on April 1 2014 on TX Network stations.
 The Muskogee Phoenix is a seven-day morning daily newspaper published in Muskogee Oklahoma USA covering several counties of northeastern Oklahoma. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Founded in February 1888 the Phoenix is older than Oklahoma's statehood.
 Mr. Sampath – The Printer of Malgudi is a 1949 novel by R. K. Narayan. It was adapted into the films Mr Sampath (Hindi) and Miss Malini (Tamil) in 1947. They were the only collaborative film scripts of his novels that R. K. Narayan involved himself with; they were produced under the famous Gemini Studios banner.
 Maps (マップス) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hasegawa Yuichi. It was serialized in the Gakken magazine Monthly Comic Nora from 1985 to 1994. The series was adapted into two anime original video animations (OVAs): the 1987 original fully titled Maps: Densetsu no Samayoeru Seijintachi (マップス 伝説のさまよえる星人たち lit. Maps: Legendary Space Wanderers) in Japan and the 1994 remake simply titled Maps.
 The Riddle is a 2004 fantasy novel by Alison Croggon. It is the second in her Pellinor tetralogy continuing from The Gift.
 Adam of the Road is a novel by Elizabeth Janet Gray. Gray won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1943 from the book. Set in thirteenth-century England the book follows the adventures of a young boy Adam. After losing his spaniel and minstrel father Adam embarks on a series of escapades throughout medieval England. Readers are given an accurate portrayal of medieval culture and society. The book is illustrated by Robert Lawson.
 MacLife is an American monthly magazine published by Future US. It focuses on the Macintosh personal computer and related products including the iPod and iPhone. Between September 1996 and February 2007 the magazine was known as MacAddict (ISSN 1088-548X). In Germany MacLife is published by Falkemedia from Kiel (ISSN 1860-9988).
 My Platonic Sweetheart is a short dream narrative written by American writer Mark Twain. It was originally titled The Lost Sweetheart and written during Jul–Aug 1898 but only published in 1912.
 Berjalan ke Barat di Waktu Pagi Hari is a poem by a famous Indonesian poet Sapardi Djoko Damono. This poem is a part of the world's poem anthology.
 The Friday Times (TFT) is a Pakistani English-language independent newsweekly based in Lahore Pakistan.
 Perelandra (also titled Voyage to Venus in a later edition published by Pan Books) is the second book in the Space Trilogy of C. S. Lewis set in the Field of Arbol. It was first published in 1943.
 SER is a Nicaraguan magazine of fashion and lifestyle. Its publication is monthly and it is directed mainly to women. It is published by MADERA & Co. conformed by three sisters: Margina Denise and Raquel Lopez.Its first issue was published in September 2002. Back then this name was an acronym for Senses Essences and Realities alluding to the issues that were illustrated in the magazine.
 The Family of Pascual Duarte (Spanish: La Familia de Pascual Duarte pronounced: [la faˈmilja ðe pasˈkwal ˈdwarte]) is a 1942 novel written by Spanish Nobel laureate Camilo José Cela. The first two editions created an uproar and in less than a year it was banned. A new Spanish edition was allowed in 1946.This novel is fundamental to the generation of tremendismo which focuses on the treatment of its characters and is marked by extended and frequent violent scenes.
 Tattler (语丝) (Pinyin Yǔsī Language Thread) was an important Chinese weekly journal founded in 1924 and very influential in the establishment of the new literature in China. It later changed into a semi-monthly and finally ceased publication March 1930. It fostered a distinctive Tattler literary style (语丝文体).
 HEAT was an international Australian literary magazine published by Giramondo Publishing and the University of Western Sydney.
 Umimachi Diary (海街diary) is a Japanese josei manga by Akimi Yoshida serialized in Monthly Flowers magazine. It won the Excellence Prize for manga at the 2007 Japan Media Arts Festival Awards and the 6th Manga Taishō. It was also nominated for the 1st Manga Taisho where it came in 3rd place for the 12th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize where it came in 2nd place and for the 13th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize.
 Boogiepop Dual (ブギーポップ・デュアル Bugīpoppu Dyuaru) also known as Boogiepop Dual: Losers' Circus is a manga by Masayuki Takano (author of Blood Alone) an offshoot of the Boogiepop series a series of young adult novels by Kouhei Kadono.
 Histoire de la grandeur et de la décadence de César Birotteau or César Birotteau is an 1837 novel by Honoré de Balzac as part of his series La Comédie humaine. Its main character is a Parisian perfumier who achieves success in the cosmetics business but becomes bankrupt due to property speculation.
 The Canadian Review of Studies in Nationalism was a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on nationalism and related issues. It was established in 1973 at the University of Prince Edward Island by its editor-in-chief Thomas Spira. The journal was published annually until his death in 2005.
 The Ashram is a 2005 novel by Indian writer Sattar Memon. It deals with the plight of an oppressed young woman in India. It also entails the subjects of the spirituality of life love and death.
 Zero Hour is a 2006 one-person play written and performed by playwright and actor Jim Brochu and directed by actress Piper Laurie. In a biographical reflection on Zero Mostel Brochu portrays the Jewish actor and comedian giving a fictional interview with an unseen New York Times reporter shortly before Mostel's death in 1977.
 Cosmos and Psyche: Intimations of a New World View is a 2006 book by cultural historian Richard Tarnas who proposes the existence of relationships between planetary transits and events in the lives of major historical figures as well as cultural events.
 The True Dakotan is a weekly newspaper in South Dakota. The paper services the cities of Lane Alpena and Wessington Springs. It publishes every Tuesday with a circulation of 1338 and began publication in 1975.In addition to news the publication runs local human interest photos and stories that are picked up by other publications.
 Bobby Thatcher was an American newspaper adventure comic strip created by the cartoonist George Storm (1893–1976). The central character's name was Bobbie in early episodes.Storm was on the staff of the San Francisco Daily News in 1922. and three years later he began his first newspaper strip Phil Hardy scripted by Jay Jerome Williams under the pseudonym Edwin Alger Jr. When Phil Hardy came to an end after 11 months.
 The Morning Telegraph (1839- April 10 1972) (sometimes referred to as the New York Morning Telegraph) was a New York City broadsheet newspaper owned by Moe Annenberg's Cecelia Corporation that was first published in 1839 then as the Sunday Mercury from 1839-1897 before becoming The Morning Telegraph in December 1897.The paper was devoted mostly to theatrical and horse racing news. It published a Sunday edition as the Sunday Telegraph.
 Solstice Wood is a 2006 fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip and the sequel to her 1996 novel Winter Rose. It won the 2007 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature.
 The Laughing Corpse is the second novel in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery novels by Laurell K. Hamilton. The book continues the adventures of Anita Blake as she attempts to solve a particularly grisly set of murders while simultaneously avoiding two potential threats to her life from people interested in using her talents as a zombie animator.
 Foundling Mick (A Lad of Grit; French: P'tit-Bonhomme lit. Lit'l Fellow) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne first published in 1893. It describes adventures in Ireland more specifically the rags to riches tale of an orphan.
 Lucire /luːˈtʃɪəreɪ/ is a fashion magazine that originally began on the web in 1997 branching into a monthly print edition in its home country of New Zealand in 2004. It is the first fashion partner with the UNEP an arrangement that began in 2003.At its launch it was the second online fashion title in New Zealand (after Wellington Polytechnic's Fashionbrat) and the first commercial fashion magazine on the web there.
 La Démocratie sociale ('Social Democracy') was a French language radical and republican weekly newspaper published from Basse-Terre Guadeloupe. La Démocratie sociale was founded in 1909 as an organ of the Candacist party. It was initially edited by Vital Borifax. As of 1937 its director was Charles Moynac.
 Thunderball is the ninth book in Ian Fleming's James Bond series and the eighth full length James Bond novel. It was first published in the UK by Jonathan Cape on 27 March 1961 where the initial print run of 50938 copies quickly sold out.
 Three Mile Island: A Nuclear Crisis in Historical Perspective is a scholarly history of the Three Mile Island accident written by J. Samuel Walker and published in 2004.
 A Disaffection is a novel written by Scottish writer James Kelman first published in 1989 by Secker and Warburg. Set in Glasgow it is written in the Scottish dialect in a stream of consciousness style centering round a 29-year-old schoolteacher named Patrick Doyle. The novel won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize in 1989 and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize. In 2012 it was shortlisted for the Best of the James Tait Black.
 A Manhã do Mundo (literally The Morning of the World) is a debut novel by the Portuguese writer Pedro Guilherme-Moreira.The book takes its beginnings on the September 11 attacks.It was released in Portuguese in May 2011 by Publicações Dom Quixote.
 Himalayan Blunder was an extremely controversial war memoir penned by Brigadier John Dalvi. It dealt with the causes consequences and aftermath of the Sino-Indian War of 1962 that ended in Chinese People's Liberation Army inflicting a defeat on India.
 The AWA Review is a series of annual softcover books of original research articles on the history of radio. It is published by the Antique Wireless Association (AWA) a membership organization founded in 1952 and based in Bloomfield New York USA. Volume 1 was published in 1986 and Volume 26 was published in 2013.
 Zambak magazine was an ethnic political magazine published in Chicago between the years 1994 and 2008. It was founded during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina as large groups of Bosnian refugees settled in the United States. Zambak started as a newsletter published by the Information Center of Bosnia Herzegovina in Chicago and one year later it became an independent magazine publishing monthly issues until 2008.
 Norrköpings Tidningar (English: Norrköping Times) also known as NT is a Swedish daily newspaper with its main distribution in northern and eastern Östergötland. The newspaper was founded in 1758 as the Norrköping Weko-Tidningar and published its first issue on October 14 of that year. Norrköpings Tidningar is Sweden's oldest continually published newspaper still in print and has published six days a week since 1871.
 New Directions for Women was an important early feminist newspaper. It began as a mimeographed newsletter in 1972 in New Jersey but soon expanded into a tabloid-sized quarterly newspaper. Edited by Paula Kassell of Dover a member of the Morristown chapter of National Organization for Women (NOW) the paper offered news reports from a feminist perspective as well as book reviews women's history articles and editorials and was the first national feminist newspaper in the United States.
 est: The Steersman Handbook Charts of the Coming Decade of Conflict is a work of science fiction cast as a nonfictional study. Its author credited as L. Clark Stevens usually went by the name Leslie Stevens. Stevens has a long list of credits in the entertainment industry having worked on among other productions The Outer Limits. The book was published in paperback in 1970 and reprinted in 1971.
 X: Writings ’79–’82 is a book by American avant-garde composer John Cage (1912–1992) first published in 1983. The book includes mesostics on the names of various people.
 White Death is the fourth book in the NUMA Files series of books co-written by best-selling author Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos and was published in 2003. The main character of this series is Kurt Austin.
 The Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones novelization was written by R. A. Salvatore and published on 23 April 2002 by Del Rey. It is based on the script of the film of the same name. It includes much expansion of scenes and also many scenes which were cut from the movie. Some of them are original to the book.
 Janmabhumi Newspaper is an Indian daily newspaper founded in 1977 published in a broadsheet format and owned by Matruka Pracharanalayam Ltd.The paper's Managing Director is M Radhakrishnan.The paper's editor in chief is Hari S. Kartha.The paper's headquarters is in Cochin.Janmabhumi publishes editions from Kochi Kottayam Kannur Thrissur Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode. Editorial Team is extended with Shri. Hari S.
 inext is a tabloid bilingual daily newspaper published in India. It is published by the Jagran Prakshan Ltd. which also publishes the Dainik Jagran.inext is 24-28 pages long and is focused towards the youth market.It is simultaneously published in 12 cities - Agra Allahabad Bareilly Dehradun Gorakhpur Jamshedpur Kanpur Lucknow Meerut Patna Ranchi and Varanasi from 4 states Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Bihar and Jharkhand of India. Mr.
 K-PAX IV: A New Visitor From The Constellation Lyra is the name of the fourth novel in the K-PAX series by Gene Brewer. Published by Xlibris in early March 2007.
 The Amar Asom (Assamese: আমাৰ অসম) is an Assamese daily newspaper published by G. L. Publications Ltd. It was established on April 21 1997 and is being simultaneously published from Guwahati Jorhat and North Lakhimpur. It has a wide network of correspondents covering each and every corner of the Northeastern region of India. The current circulation of the paper is 70474.
 A Bit on the Side is a short story collection written by William Trevor first published by Viking Press in 2004. It comprises twelve short stories arranged in the following order: Sitting with the Dead Traditions Justina's Priest An Evening Out Graillis's Legacy Solitude Sacred Statues Rose Wept Big Bucks On the Streets The Dancing-Master's Music A Bit on the Side
 The Cow Jumped Over the Moon was the first play of Sumner Locke Elliott.It was performed for a season in Los Angeles. It was seen by scouts from MGM who at one stage reportedly considered it for a vehicle for Billie Burke but decided against it on the grounds it was too similar to The Vinegar Tree.
 Rip Off Review Of Western Culture was an underground comics magazine published by Rip Off Press and produced out of San Francisco California. It published three issues in 1972. The publication was historically significant in that it brought together the work of many noteworthy underground artists and writers.
 Chronopolis and Other Stories is a 1971 collection of science fiction stories by J. G. Ballard. Originally published in the United States by Putnam it was reprinted in paperback in 1972 by Berkley Books under the title Chronopolis subtitled The Science Fiction of J. G. Ballard.
 Spirit of Bosnia (Bosnian: Duh Bosne) is a quarterly literary magazine that covers scholarly research and writing on the history politics and literature of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It publishes works of fiction and non-fiction reflective of its mission and was established in 2006. Its editor-in-chief is Keith Doubt (Wittenberg University). From 2006-2011 Omer Hadžiselimović (Loyola University) was co-editor.
 The Saint to the Rescue is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris first published in 1959 by The Crime Club in the United States. The first British edition by Hodder and Stoughton was not published until 1961. This was the 34th book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint.
 Wayfarer Redemption is the name of two trilogies that were released as a single six-book series in the U.S. by fantasy author Sara Douglass and subdivided into two trilogies: the Axis trilogy and the Wayfarer Redemption trilogy. This sequence is followed by the Darkglass Mountain trilogy.
 Murky Depths bylined as The Quarterly Anthology of Graphically Dark Speculative Fiction is a British horror and science fiction magazine which began publishing in 2007. The magazine editor-in-chief is Terry Martin and the editor is Anne Stringer. The magazine is published four times a year. It blends illustrated prose short stories with comic strips. Since Issue #3 it has featured a gloss laminated card cover whereas Issue #1 and #2 covers were on the same paper stock as the contents.
 The Merchants of Souls is a 2001 science fiction novel by John Barnes and the third book in the Thousand Cultures series.
 A Ball for Daisy is a 2011 children's picture book written and illustrated by Chris Raschka. Raschka won the 2012 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations in the book.
 The Journal of Integrative Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 2002. It covers the field of neuroscience with an emphasis on analytical techniques (such as imaging comparative experimentation and data driven modeling) as well as the theoretical and philosophical foundations for hierarchical and functional integration. The editor-in-chief is Roman R. Poznanski (Rockefeller University)
 Africa is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the International African Institute. The journal takes an interdisciplinary approach considering the humanities social sciences and environmental sciences in Africa. Every year there is a special issue based around a specific theme.Africa is currently edited by Karin Barber (University of Birmingham) and David Pratten (University of Oxford).
 The Mousetrap is a murder mystery play by Agatha Christie. The Mousetrap opened in the West End of London in 1952 and has been running continuously since then. It has by far the longest initial run of any play in history with its 25000th performance taking place on 18 November 2012. It is the longest running show (of any type) of the modern era. The play is also known for its twist ending which the audience are traditionally asked not to reveal after leaving the theatre.
 Death of a Hollow Man is a work of detective fiction by Caroline Graham the second in her Chief Inspector Barnaby series which has been adapted into the successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders.
 Two Hearts is a novelette written by Peter S. Beagle in 2004 as a coda to The Last Unicorn (1968) despite his decades-long reluctance to continue the original story. It was first published as the cover story of Fantasy and Science Fiction magazine in October/November 2005 but can also be found in Beagle's short story anthology The Line Between and is also included in the deluxe edition of The Last Unicorn that was published in 2007.
 The Xfm Top 1000 Songs of All Time is a musical reference book edited by various DJ's from radio station Xfm first published in 2010. The most recent edition consists of a list of singles and popular album tracks released between 1965 and 2009 published by Elliott & Thompson Limited.
 Chronic Respiratory Disease is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of respiratory disease including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease respiratory failure and obstructive sleep apnea. The editors-in-chief are Mike Morgan (Glenfield Hospital) Carolyn Rochester (Yale University) and Sally Singh (Glenfield Hospital). It was established in 2004 and is published by SAGE Publications.
 The Immortals of Meluha is the first novel of the Shiva trilogy series by Amish Tripathi. The story is set in the land of Meluha and starts with the arrival of the Tibetan tribal Shiva. The Meluhan belief that Shiva is their fabled saviour Neelkanth is confirmed when he consumes the Somras a legendary healing potion which turns his throat blue.
 Murder Must Advertise is a Lord Peter Wimsey mystery novel by Dorothy L. Sayers published in 1933. Most of the action takes place in an advertising agency a setting with which Sayers was very familiar. One of her advertising colleagues Bobby Bevan was the inspiration for the character Mr Ingleby.
 Delovaya Stolitsa (Russian: Деловая столица; literally: Business Capital) is one of Ukraine's main business newspapers published weekly in Russian. It contains news and analytics about Ukrainian political life economy banks companies&markets real estate.Delovaya Stolitsa is a member of UAPP.
 The Bogies is a comic strip in The Dandy and Turbo Extreme. It features bunches of nasal mucas and their adventures. Many of the characters names are twists on some famous person or character from pop culture. These characters will often act like celebrities but in a gross manner. It originally appeared in Toxic in 2005 but it moved to The Dandy in June 2008. It has been drawn since the beginning by Nigel Auchterlounie.
 The Economic Journal (EJ) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published on behalf of the Royal Economic Society by Wiley-Blackwell. First published in 1891 the EJ is one of the founding journals of economics and has a worldwide reputation for excellence in its field. The EJ publishes papers from all areas of economics and has eight issues a year.
 Life: 100 Photographs that Changed The World is a book of photographs that are believed to have pushed towards a change accumulated by the editors of Life in 2003.
 The Path of Perfection is a book written by Bahram Elahi presenting an approach to the philosophy of his father Ostad Elahi. It was published in 2005 by Paraview Inc. It is the English translation of the latest edition of the French book La Voie de la Perfection which was published in 2002 by Albin Michel Publishers after substantial revisions by the author.
 The Philosophy of the Unconscious (German: Philosophie des Unbewussten) is an 1869 book by Eduard von Hartmann. The culmination of the speculations and findings of German romantic philosophy in the first two-thirds of the 19th century it became famous. By 1882 it had appeared in nine editions. A three volume English translation appeared in 1884. The English translation is more than 1100 pages long. The work influenced Sigmund Freud's and Carl Jung's theories of the unconscious.
 Ring is a 1994 science fiction novel by author Stephen Baxter. Ring tells the story of the end of the universe and the saving of mankind from its destruction. Two parallel plots are followed throughout the novel: that of Lieserl an AI exploring the interior of the sun and that of the Great Northern a generation ship on a five-million-year journey.
 Francis Itty Cora (the most accepted English rendering of the Malayalam title ഫ്രാൻസിസ് ഇട്ടിക്കോര) is a bestselling mystery novel in Malayalam by author T. D. Ramakrishnan. The 2009 novel received considerable acclaims from critics for its unprecedented incorporation of many global historical characters and knowledge available to the present Malayalam readers for weaving the story line.
 Chike and the River is a children's story by Chinua Achebe. It was first published in 1966 by Cambridge University Press with illustrations by Prue Theobalds and was the first of several children's stories Achebe would write.It is the story of a Nigerian boy called Chike who leaves his village Umuofia to go and stay with his uncle in the big city of Onitsha.
 The Design of Everyday Things is a best-selling book by cognitive scientist and usability engineer Donald Norman about how design serves as the communication between object and user and how to optimize that conduit of communication in order to make the experience of using the object pleasurable.
 Barfüßiger Februar (Barefoot February) is a book by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller. It was first published in 1987. The book consists of a series of short stories each indicting conditions present in German speaking part of Romania such as the wretched poverty seen in the Romanian countryside. An article in Die Zeit by Marina Münkler calls it a Dokument der Zerrissenheit.
 Not to be confused with The Man Who Explained Miracles a non-fiction book about CarrThe Men Who Explained Miracles first published in 1963 is a volume of short stories written by John Dickson Carr; the stories feature his series detectives Gideon Fell Henry Merrivale and Colonel March of the Department of Queer Complaints. This volume of short stories is of the mystery genre most of the type known as a whodunnit.
 The Hand that First Held Mine is a novel written by Maggie O'Farrell about the first is the spirited journey of Lexie Sinclair a bright tempestuous woman who finds her way from rural Devon to the center of postwar London's burgeoning art scene. Soon she falls deeply in love.First published in 2010 by Headline Review. The book won the Costa Book Awards in 2010.
 The Canary Trainer: From the Memoirs of John H. Watson is a 1993 Sherlock Holmes pastiche by Nicholas Meyer. Like The Seven Percent Solution and The West End Horror The Canary Trainer was published as a lost manuscript of the late Dr. John H. Watson.
 Magazin BIT (English: Magazine BIT) is a Montenegrin monthly magazine. It started out in 2006 as the first Montenegrin ICT magazine. In September 2009 it celebrated three years of publishing thus entering its fourth year as only IT technologies oriented paper magazine in Montenegro with stable sources of funding and thousands of readers and subscribers.
 A Romance of Two Worlds is Marie Corelli's first novel published in 1886.
 Princess of Glass is a 2010 fantasy novel written by Jessica Day George. Similar to how its prequel Princess of the Midnight Ball is based on the Twelve Dancing Princesses Princess of Glass is based on Cinderella.
 Thor: Blood Oath is a 6-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in September to December 2005 and is written by Michael Avon Oeming with art by Scott Kolins.The series features Thor and the Warriors Three and is set in Thor's early years after Journey into Mystery Annual #1 but before Journey Into Mystery #125.[citation needed]
 The Journal of American Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering international perspectives on the history literature politics and culture of the United States. It includes a book review section. Though academic in nature the journal is intended also for general readers with an interest in the United States. It was established in 1967 with Dennis Welland (University of Manchester) as editor-in-chief.
 Giants of the Frost is a 2004 horror/fantasy novel by Kim Wilkins. It follows the story of Victoria Scott who after accepting a job on an isolated island is visited by a hag in her nightmares and a sense of familiarity in the haunted forest. In the world of Asgard Vidar has exiled himself in order to await the reincarnation of the woman he loved.
 Expert Review of Pharmacoeconomics & Outcomes Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of pharmacoeconomics. It was established in 2001 and is published by Informa. The editor-in-chief is A. Bottomley (European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer).
 The Works of M. P. Shiel is a bibliography of works by British author M. P. Shiel. The bibliography was compiled by A. Reynolds Morse. It was first published by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in 1948 in an edition of 1000 copies.Morse later revised the book as volumes II & III of a four volume study of Shiel issued by The Reynolds Morse Foundation (now The Salvador Dalí Foundation) 1979-1983.
 The Gypsy Morph is the third novel in Terry Brooks' fantasy trilogy entitled The Genesis of Shannara which bridges the events of Brooks' Word & Void series with his Shannara series. It takes place in an apocalyptic world around the year 2100 and immediately follows the novel The Elves of Cintra. It details events during the Great Wars a historical conflict referenced frequently in the Shannara books. It debuted at #2 on the New York Times Best Sellers Fiction List.
 Fatal Revenant is the second novel by Stephen R. Donaldson in the four book series The Last Chronicles of Thomas Covenant. Linden Avery is taken 10000 years into the Land's past where she meets Berek Halfhand.
 Look Me in the Eye: My Life with Asperger's is a New York Times bestseller by John Elder Robison chronicling the author's life with Asperger syndrome and tough times growing up.
 The Depths of Time is a science fiction novel by Roger McBride Allen also the author of The Ring of Charon.
 Hunting Party is a science fiction novel by Elizabeth Moon. It is the first novel set in her Familias Regnant fictional universe and the first novel in the informal Heris Serrano (the main character) trilogy. It is followed by Sporting Chance and Winning Colors.
 Tar Baby is a novel by the American author Toni Morrison first published in 1981.
 The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain is a collection of short high fantasy stories for children by Lloyd Alexander. The 1973 first edition includes six stories; the 1999 edition eight.All are prequels to The Chronicles of Prydain Alexander's award-winning series of five novels published 1964 to 1968.
 Dominion: Tank Police (ドミニオン) is a two volume manga series written and illustrated by Masamune Shirow. Set in the fictional city of Newport Japan in a future in which bacterial air pollution has become so severe that people must wear gas masks when outdoors the series follows a police squadron that uses tanks.Dominion has been adapted into three OVA series: Dominion Tank Police New Dominion Tank Police (特捜戦車隊ドミニオン Tokusō Sensha-tai Dominion) and TANK S.W.A.T.
 I Sing the Body Electric! is a 1969 collection of short stories by Ray Bradbury. The book takes its name from an included short story of the same title which took the title from a poem by Walt Whitman published in his collection Leaves of Grass.
 Turandot or the Whitewashers' Congress is an epic comedy by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht. It was written during the summer of 1953 in Buckow and substantially revised in light of a brief period of rehearsals in 1954 though it did not receive its first production until several years after Brecht's death.
 Hérodote is a French language peer-reviewed academic journal covering geography and geopolitics. It was established in 1976 by Yves Lacoste. Hérodote is the French version of the name of the ancient Greek historian Herodotus.
 The Reader (Der Vorleser) is a novel by German law professor and judge Bernhard Schlink published in Germany in 1995 and in the United States in 1997. The story is a parable dealing with the difficulties post-war German generations have had comprehending the Holocaust; Ruth Franklin writes that it was aimed specifically at the generation Berthold Brecht called the Nachgeborenen those who came after.
 The Color of Love (コイノイロ Koi no Iro) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kiyo Ueda. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on March 25 2008.
 Proceedings of the American Mathematical Society is a monthly mathematics journal published by the American Mathematical Society. As a requirement all articles must be at most 15 printed pages.The editor-in-chief is Ken Ono Emory University Atlanta USA. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 0.640.
 The Blue Cup (Russian: Голубая чашка) is a 1936 Russian language short story written by the Soviet children's author Arkady Gaidar.
 WildTomato is a glossy monthly lifestyle magazine focused on the Nelson and Marlborough regions – the Top of the South Island of New Zealand. The regional magazine was launched in July 2006.
 TWICE (ISSN-0892-7278) is a trade publication and web site owned by NewBay Media serving the information needs of retailers distributors and manufacturing representatives in the consumer electronics and major appliance industries. TWICE is an acronym for This Week In Consumer Electronics.The editor-in-chief is Stephen Smith with the editorial offices located in New York New York USA.Established in 1986 TWICE magazine is published twice monthly with an extra issue in January and September.
 This article is about an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle. For the standard chronicle of Toungoo Dynasty see Maha Yazawin.Maha Razawin (Burmese: မဟာ ရာဇဝင်) is an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle covering the history of Arakan. The surviving portions of the chronicle consist of 148 palm-leaf manuscript bundles (1776 palm-leaves).
 Lo no dicho (The unspoken in English)is the fifth book of the Uruguayan Horacio López Usera. Published in 2013.
 Forward! is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1985 and was edited by Sandra Miesel. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Galaxy Science Fiction Other Worlds Fantasy and Science Fiction and Orbit.
 The Hereford Times is a weekly tabloid newspaper published every Thursday in Hereford England. Its offices are based in Holmer Road. The editor is Fiona Phillips.
 Kitsch is a magazine jointly produced by students of Cornell University and Ithaca College.
 MotorMag is a Mauritius car magazine published monthly and concentrating on cars and motorcycles testdrives. It was launched in 2007 and is now published by Dubourg Editions Ltd. The magazine features news road tests and buyers guides of both cars and motocycles. The reviews and news are written mostly in French but sometimes in English also. It has a cover price of Rs.95 in Mauritius.The MotorMag office is situated in Curepipe Mauritius.
 Fallen Angels is a 1988 young-adult novel written by Walter Dean Myers about the Vietnam war. It won the 1988 Coretta Scott King Award. Fallen Angels is listed as number 16 in the American Library Association's list of 100 most frequently challenged books of 1990–2000 due to its use of profanity and realistic depiction of the war.
 GI Brides: The Wartime Girls Who Crossed the Atlantic for Love is a bestselling book by Duncan Barrett and Nuala Calvi authors of The Sugar Girls. It was published by HarperCollins on 29 August 2013.The book tells the true stories of four British GI Brides women who married American servicemen stationed in their country during the 'friendly invasion' of the Second World War. It is based on interviews with them but written in a narrative style.
 Orfeusz i Eurydyka is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 2003.
 Ashes and Diamonds (Polish original: Popiół i diament literally: Ash and Diamond) is a 1948 novel by the Polish writer Jerzy Andrzejewski. It was adapted into a film by the same title in 1958 by the Polish film director Andrzej Wajda. English translation entitled Ashes and Diamonds appeared in 1962.
 The Silver Kiss by Annette Curtis Klause published in 1992 available in hardcover and Mass Market Paperback. In 2009 the book is republished with two bonus short stories by Klause: The Summer of Love and The Christmas Cat.
 The Sunday Mercury (1839–1896) (sometimes referred to as the New York Sunday Mercury) was a weekly Sunday newspaper published in New York City that grew to become the highest-circulation weekly newspaper (at least by its own claims) in the United States at its peak. It was known for publishing and popularizing the work of many notable 19th century writers including Charles Farrar Browne and Robert Henry Newell and was the first Eastern paper to publish Mark Twain.
 When Gravity Fails is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by George Alec Effinger published in 1986. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1987 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1988.
 The Journal of Women's History is an academic journal founded in 1989. It was the first journal devoted exclusively to the field of international women's history. It explores multiple perspectives of feminism rather than promoting a single unifying form. The journal accepts articles from all timeperiods and geographical regions exploring a wide range of themes relating to women gender sexuality and feminisms. The journal is published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 O Presidente Negro ou O Choque das Raças (The Black President or the Racial Shock) is a 1926 science fiction novel by the Brazilian writer Monteiro Lobato.
 Comix Book was an underground comic book series published from 1974–1976 originally by Marvel Comics. It was the first comic of this type to be published by a mainstream publisher. Edited by Denis Kitchen Comix Book featured work by such underground luminaries as Justin Green Kim Deitch Trina Robbins Art Spiegelman and S. Clay Wilson.
 The Washington Report on Middle East Affairs (also known as The Washington Report and WRMEA) magazine published nine times per year in Washington D.C. focuses on news and analysis from and about the Middle East and U.S. policy in that region. The New York Times has characterized it as critical of United States policies in the Middle East.
 Prologue magazine brings readers stories based on the rich holdings and programs of NARA the regional archives and the presidential libraries from across the United States.Published quarterly by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) Prologue has been in publication over 40 years.
 Restoration is a novel by Rose Tremain published in 1989. It was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1989 and was the Sunday Express Book of the Year. It was made into a film in 1995.
 City of Light City of Dark is a comic book novel written by Newbery Medal-winning author Avi and was the first book ever to be illustrated by Brian Floca. Additional Spanish translations were done by Jose Aranda and Anthony Trujillo. The book's title is probably inspired by the summer and winter solstices the lightest and darkest days of the year. These two days also mark two pivotal events in the Kurbs' ritual cycle of acknowledgment.
 The Big Takeover is a bi-annual music magazine published out of New York City since 1980 by critic Jack Rabid.
 The Inner Reaches of Outer Space was the last book completed by mythologist Joseph Campbell before his death in 1987. In it he explores the intersections of art psychology and religion and discusses the ways in which new myths are born.
 The Jahrbuch für Forschungen zur Geschichte der Arbeiterbewegung (Yearbook on Labour History) is a triannual academic journal covering the history of German and international labour and other social movements.Each issue has a main section of historical essays dealing with a variety of subjects such as the history of women's liberation social movements in general or the antifascist resistance movements in Germany and Europe.
 The Bisexual Option is a book by Fritz Klein first published in 1978 with a second edition printed in 1993. It is considered one of the seminal works on bisexuality in the discipline of queer studies.
 The Collegian or Willamette Collegian is the student run newspaper of Willamette University in Salem Oregon United States. Originally founded in 1875 the weekly paper has been in continuous publication since 1889. It is a member of the College Publisher Network.
 Marvelous Melmo (ふしぎなメルモ Fushigi na Merumo) is a magical girl manga and anime by Osamu Tezuka. This series centered around Melmo a nine-year-old girl whose mother is killed in an auto accident and has to then take care of her two younger brothers (Totoo and Touch). While in Heaven the children's mother is given one wish. Her wish is that her children will be allowed to grow up more quickly than usual since their lives as children will be difficult without their parents.
 The Artful Dodge is a literary magazine based in Wooster Ohio at the College of Wooster.
 Deakin Law Review is an Australian peer-reviewed law review published biannually by Deakin University School of Law. It was founded in 1993 and is edited by Daniel Meagher and Elizabeth Adeney.
 The Cornell HR Review is an online journal of human resource management scholarship published independently by graduate students at Cornell University.
 Princ zelenih sanj (Prince of Green Dreams) is a Slovenian parallel romance fantasy novel by Marjetke Jeršek. It was released in 2007 by Stella.The main characters Alesta and Ned are lovers who have many adventures through their exploration of parallel realities. The book features numerous fantasy elements such as elves magical fairies and magic stones.
 .hack//G.U.: The World is a .hack magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten. It is one of the .hack//G.U. related projects by Project G.U. and Mediaworks.Started on November 11 2005 as a bimonthly publication but from volume 4 onwards it became a monthly publication consisting of 12 issues.
 Spectrum is a novel that takes place in the near future. Contact with aliens allowed humanity to travel between planets through portals. The Keymaster civilization not only provides new technologies to the world but also makes sure that their conditions are fulfilled to the letter: unrestricted access to the Gates for all who are willing. Payment for their use is an unusual story told to a Keymaster by the traveler.
 The Higher Power of Lucky is a children's novel written by Susan Patron and illustrated by Matt Phelan. Released in 2006 by Simon & Schuster it was awarded the 2007 Newbery Medal.
 Shadow Forest is a children's novel by Matt Haig published in 2007. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award was shortlisted for the Waterstone's Children's Book Prize and has been nominated for the Carnegie Medal.
 Sword of God was the third novel by New York Times bestselling author Chris Kuzneski. First published in September 2007 by Penguin Group (USA) the action thriller followed the exploits of Jonathon Payne and David D.J. Jones as they slipped into the Islamic city of Mecca in order to rescue an American archaeologist.
 Game Design Workshop 3rd Edition: A Playcentric Approach to Creating Innovative Games is a book on game design by Tracy Fullerton originally published by CMP Books in 2004. It has been updated and released in two subsequent editions the latest by AK Peters/CRC Press in 2014.The book is based on the core game design curriculum taught at the USC Interactive Media & Games Division of the USC School of Cinematic Arts.
 London Calling is a comedy play in three acts written by Geoffrey Kerr produced by John Golden and directed by Dan Jarratt. The play was first performed at Little Theatre Rochester New York on October 18 1930. The star of the original production was British-born thespian St. Clair Bayfield. Geoffrey Kerr had previously performed in The Stork (1925) and also wrote short-stories on the side for Vanity Fair magazine.
 Devdas (Bengali: দেবদাস Debdash; Hindi: देवदास Devdās) (also called Debdas) (1917) is a Bengali Romance novel by Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay when he was only seventeen years of age.
 Monthly Comic Blade (月刊コミックブレイド Gekkan Komikku Bureido) is a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Mag Garden. It was first published in February 2002 and is sold on the thirtieth of each month. The manga series are published in tankōbon under the Blade Comics (ブレイドコミックス Bureido Komikkusu) imprint.
 In the Belly of the Bloodhound is a historical novel written by L.A. Meyer surrounding the adventures of a young girl named Jacky Faber alias Bloody Jack set in the early 19th century. It is the fourth installment in the Bloody Jack series and follows the heroine as she returns on land from her adventures on the seas in the previous novel Under the Jolly Roger.
 The South Wales Echo is a daily tabloid newspaper published in Cardiff Wales and distributed throughout the surrounding area. The newspaper was founded in 1884 and was based in Thomson House Cardiff city centre. It is published by Media Wales Ltd (formerly Western Mail & Echo Ltd) part of the Trinity Mirror group.
 The Rise of Silas Lapham is a realist novel by William Dean Howells published in 1885. The story follows the materialistic rise of Silas Lapham from rags to riches and his ensuing moral susceptibility. Silas earns a fortune in the paint business but he lacks social standards which he tries to attain through his daughter's marriage into the aristocratic Corey family. Silas' morality does not fail him.
 Astronomy (ISSN 0091-6358) is a monthly American magazine about astronomy. Targeting amateur astronomers for its readers it contains columns on sky viewing reader-submitted astrophotographs and articles on astronomy and astrophysics that are readable by nonscientists.
 Radio Gaga is a comic strip created by the Norwegian humourist «Flis» (Øyvind Sagåsen).The series started in 2001 and is about characters who run a local radio station called Radio Gaga. Although the action takes place in the radio environment it is mostly about the somewhat eccentric characters and not so much about radio. Since 2008 it was published in the Pondus magazine and in the newspapers Aftenposten Aften and Stavanger Aftenblad as well as in a number of smaller publications.
 Bleak Spring is a 1993 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the tenth book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone and centers on the murder of a solicitor who Scobie knew and whose son happens to be dating Scobie's daughter Claire. It turns out the lawyer had links to a bookmaker an offshore bank and a dangerous Russian.
 Henry and the Paper Route is a book that was written by Beverly Cleary and illustrated by Louis Darling. It was written in 1957 and focused on the main character Henry Huggins' attempts to get a paper route despite his young age.
 Times of Oman is a daily newspaper published in the Sultanate of Oman where it is one of the leading publications. Established in 1975 it is the oldest English-language paper of Oman. Apart from daily news on local regional international business and sport interests Times of Oman provides information on topics such as movies fashion and lifestyle education information and technology health and books.
 Pravda Severa (Russian: Правда Севера Truth of the North) is a Russian Arkhangelsk-based newspaper published since 1917. It is issued three times a week on Tuesday Wednesday and Saturday in the A3 format. The Wednesday circulation is 20050 copies with 7000—8000 copies on Tuesday and Saturday.
 If Democrats Had Any Brains They'd Be Republicans is a book by American conservative columnist Ann Coulter. Published by Crown Publishing Group on October 2 2007 the book is a collection of Coulter's quotes some of which were selected by her fans. Each chapter contains a brief introduction to the subject matter written by Coulter for this book followed by a selection of previously published quotes. Topics included are McCarthyism terrorism and media bias.
 La Rue sans nom is a novel by Marcel Aymé published in June 1930. It was adapted into a film in 1934 by Pierre Chenal.
 Saldus Zeme is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Neuromuscular Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal that focuses on neuromuscular disease including muscular dystrophy spinal muscular atrophy and myasthenia. It is the official journal of the World Muscle Society. It was established in 1991 and is published by Elsevier.
 The Parched Sea is the first novel in the Harpers series set in the Forgotten Realms campaign setting. The book was written by Troy Denning.
 All That: Fresh out the Box is a 112 page All That collectors book that was released on October 1 1998 and is distributed by Nickelodeon Tollin/Robbins Productions and Pocket Books. Released before the fifth season the book includes only information on the first four seasons of the show.
 Nothing Like a Dame: The Scandals of Shirley Porter is a 2006 biography by British journalist Andrew Hosken. The book was first published on 1 October 2006 through Granta UK and discusses Shirley Porter's time served as a member of the Westminster City Council.
 The International Journal of Quantum Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original primary research and review articles on all aspects of quantum chemistry including an expanded scope focusing on aspects of materials science biochemistry biophysics quantum physics quantum information theory etc. The 2010 impact factor of the journal is 1.302.It was established in 1967 by Per-Olov Löwdin.
 A Coyote's in the House is a 2004 novel written by Elmore Leonard. The book was Leonard's first novel for children. The book's story involves a hip coyote and an aging movie-star dog who wants to trade places with him. The novel features references to an earlier novel by Leonard Get Shorty specifically to Harry Zimm and his production studio.
 My Mental Choices are Completely Interfering with my School Romantic Comedy (俺の脳内選択肢が、学園ラブコメを全力で邪魔している Ore no Nōnai Sentakushi ga Gakuen Rabu Kome o Zenryoku de Jama Shiteiru) also known by the abbreviation Noucome (のうコメ Nōkome) is a Japanese light novel series written by Takeru Kasukabe with illustrations by Yukiwo. Five volumes have been published by Kadokawa Shoten since February 2012. A manga adaptation by Sayaka Itsuki is serialized in Enterbrain's Famitsu Comic Clear.
 Tom Swift and His War Tank Or Doing His Bit for Uncle Sam is Volume 21 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 The Samson Option: Israel's Nuclear Arsenal and American Foreign Policy is a 1991 book by Seymour Hersh. It details the history of Israel's nuclear weapons program and its effects on Israel-American relations.
 Moneaksekar Khmer is a Khmer language newspaper published in Cambodia with its headquarters in Phnom Penh. It is published by the Sam Rainsy party.
 Hacking: The Art of Exploitation (ISBN 1-59327-007-0) is a book written by Jon Smibbs Erickson and published by No Starch Press in 2003. It is a computer security and network security book. All of the examples in the book were developed compiled and tested on Gentoo Linux.
 The Torrents is a 1955 Australian play about an attempt to bring irrigation to a former gold mining town.In 1955 it was voted best play that year by the Playwrights' Advisory Board alongside Ray Lawler's Summer of the Seventeenth Doll. It was adapted for radio by the ABC in 1956. It was also adaptd into the musical A Bit o' Petticoat.
 A Change of Climate is a novel by English author Hilary Mantel first published in 1994 by Viking Books. At the time The Observer described it as the best book she had written. It was published in the United States by Henry Holt in 1997 and was recognised by the New York Times Book Review as one of the notable books of that year. The novel has also been identified as one of the best of the 1990s.
 The Physics of Star Trek is a 1995 nonfiction book by Arizona State University professor Lawrence M. Krauss. It discusses the physics involved in various concepts and objects described in the Star Trek universe. He investigates the possibility of such things as inertial dampeners and warp drive and whether physics as we know it would allow such inventions. He also discusses time travel light speed pure energy beings wormholes teleportation and other concepts.
 Early American Studies is a peer-reviewed history journal covering the study of the histories and cultures of North America prior to 1850. The journal is sponsored by The McNeil Center for Early American Studies at the University of Pennsylvania. It is published triannually by the University of Pennsylvania Press. It was established in 2003 and the editor-in-chief is C. Dallett Hemphill (Ursinus College). It is available online through Project MUSE.
 Group Facilitation: A Research and Applications Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of group facilitation and the repercussions for the individuals groups organizations and communities involved. It is published by the International Association of Facilitators and the current editor-in-chief is Stephen Thorpe.
 The Brock Citizen is a weekly community newspaper in Cannington Ontario Canada that was established in 1996 combining the Beaverton Express the Cannington Gleamer and Sunderland Sun newspapers. It is one of three newspapers in the Kawartha Division of Metroland Publishing a company that owns newspapers across Ontario. Ownership of the Citizen has changed hands over the years.
 And Another Thing… is the sixth instalment of Douglas Adams' The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy trilogy. The book written by Eoin Colfer author of the Artemis Fowl series was published on the thirtieth anniversary of the first book 12 October 2009 in hardback. It was published by Penguin Books in the UK and by Hyperion Books in the US.
 Exposure is a sports novel for young adults by Mal Peet published by Walker Books in 2008. Inspired by William Shakespeare's Othello the story follows Otello a black football player and his high-profile relationship with Desmerelda a white celebrity.
 So Long Been Dreaming: Postcolonial Science Fiction & Fantasy is an anthology of short stories edited by the writer Nalo Hopkinson and Uppinder Mehan. Hopkinson provides the introduction although it is usually misattributed to Samuel R. Delany (whose recommendation of the book is quoted on the book's cover).
 Frozen Assets is a novel by P.G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on July 14 1964 by Simon & Schuster Inc. New York under the title Biffen's Millions and in the United Kingdom on August 14 1964 by Herbert Jenkins London.Set in the publishing world Frozen Assets is a romantic comedy featuring the recurring Wodehouse characters publishing magnate Lord Tilbury and his devious lackey Percy Pilbeam.
 Schuyler's Monster: A Father's Journey with His Wordless Daughter is a book by Robert Rummel-Hudson.
 Mean Deviation: Four Decades of Progressive Heavy Metal is a non-fiction book written by former Metal Maniacs magazine editor Jeff Wagner. The book was illustrated by Voivod drummer Michel Away Langevin and features a foreword by Porcupine Tree frontman Steven Wilson. Mean Deviation was published in December 2010 by Bazillion Points under supervision of Ian Christe.
 High Citadel is a novel written by English author Desmond Bagley and was first published in 1965.
 Lenny is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov originally published in the January 1958 issue of Infinity Science Fiction and included in the collections The Rest of the Robots (1964) The Complete Robot (1982) and Robot Visions (1990).
 Inner Experience (French: L'expérience intérieure) is a 1943 book by Georges Bataille his first lengthy philosophical treatise. It was followed by Guilty (1944) and On Nietzsche (1945). Together the three works constitute Bataille's Summa Atheologica in which he explores the experience of excess expressed in forms such as laughter tears eroticism death sacrifice and poetry.
 The Press-Republican is a daily newspaper in Plattsburgh New York United States. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.With satellite news bureaus in Lake Placid Malone and Ticonderoga New York the Press-Republican covers Clinton Essex and Franklin counties in northeastern New York state.Community Newspaper Holdings bought the Press-Republican in late 2006 from Ottaway Community Newspapers a division of Dow Jones & Company.
 The Edmonton Journal is a daily newspaper in Edmonton Alberta. It is part of the Postmedia Network.
 The Winner Stands Alone is a novel by Paulo Coelho first published in 2008. The book was first published in Portuguese under the title O Vencedor está Só. It is the thirteenth major book by Coelho.The book is roughly based upon the growing rise of what the author calls The Superclass.
 The Journal of Sex Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the study of human sexuality and the field of sexology in general. It is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality (New York City). In 1963 the society had published a one-issue journal entitled Advances in Sex Research. The Journal of Sex Research was then first published in 1965 six years before the Archives of Sexual Behavior was established in 1971.
 Physics of the Earth and Planetary Interiors established in October 1967 is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. The co-editors are G. Helffrich (University of Bristol) K. Hirose (Tokyo Institute of Technology) M. Jellinek (University of British Columbia) and K. Zhang (University of Exeter).The journal covers the physical and chemical processes of planetary interiors. Topical coverage broadly encompasses planetary physics geodesy and geophysics.
 The Journal of Asian Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Association for Asian Studies covering Asian studies ranging from history the arts social sciences to philosophy of East South and Southeast Asia. In addition to regular articles a large section of the journal is devoted to book reviews. The journal was established in 1941 as The Far Eastern Quarterly obtaining its new title in September 1956.
 The Doomsday Conspiracy is a thriller novel by American writer Sidney Sheldon published in 1991. The story concerns an American naval officer who encounters a mysterious force during an investigation in a balloon accident in the Swiss Alps.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 12 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in November 1986.The book collects eleven novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors originally published in 1985 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented together with an introduction by the editor. It includes Ellison's Locus Poll Award winning story Paladin of the Lost Hour.
 Nightmare Inspector: Yumekui Kenbun (夢喰見聞) is a Japanese shōnen manga series created by Shin Mashiba. It first premiered in Monthly Stencile a shōjo magazine in December 2001 and was then serialized in Monthly GFantasy from 2003 to 2007. Nine volumes have been released in Japan by Square-Enix since 2007 ending the series. The manga has been licensed in North America by Viz Media with all nine volumes released; the first being released on April 8 2008.
 Wizard of the Crow (2006) is a novel written by Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o his first novel in more than twenty years. The story is set in the imaginary Free Republic of Abruria autocratically governed by one man known only as the Ruler. The novel received the 2008 Tähtifantasia Award for the best foreign fantasy novel released in Finland in 2007.
 The Primrose Ring is a novel by Ruth Sawyer published first in 1915 and illustrated by Fanny Munsell. This was Sawyer's first published novel. She later wrote the 1937 Newbery Medal winner Roller Skates.
 Ontogeny and Phylogeny is Stephen Jay Gould's first technical book published in 1977 by Belknap a division of Harvard University Press.
 The Australian is a broadsheet newspaper published in Australia from Monday to Saturday each week since 14 July 1964. The editor in chief is Chris Mitchell the editor is Clive Mathieson and the editor-at-large is Paul Kelly.
 M Magazine is a monthly teen magazine. It is published by Bauer Publishing the United States division of the German firm Bauer Verlagsgruppe. Like the majority of teenage magazines it contains common features like teen gossip quizzes fashion hot couples posters and more with celebrities that pertain to the readers. Many Disney Nickelodeon and Pop stars are usually the target and cover of the magazine. The first issue was released in January 2000.
 The White Goddess: a Historical Grammar of Poetic Myth is a book-length essay on the nature of poetic myth-making by author and poet Robert Graves. First published in 1948 based on earlier articles published in Wales magazine corrected revised and enlarged editions appeared in 1948 1952 and 1961. The White Goddess represents an approach to the study of mythology from a decidedly creative and idiosyncratic perspective.
 The Skin of Our Teeth is a play by Thornton Wilder which won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. It opened on October 15 1942 at the Shubert Theatre in New Haven Connecticut before moving to the Plymouth Theatre on Broadway on November 18 1942. It was produced by Michael Myerberg and directed by Elia Kazan.
 The Smoke Ring is a 1987 science fiction novel by Larry Niven. Like much of Niven's work the story is heavily influenced by the setting: a gas torus a ring of air around a neutron star. It is a sequel to The Integral Trees.
 Ancestors of Avalon is a 2004 historical fantasy novel written by Diana L. Paxson and based on an idea of the late Marion Zimmer Bradley.The book is one of 7 prequels to Bradley's popular fantasy novel Mists of Avalon. The characters of Ancestors of Avalon have appeared earlier in Bradley's fantasy novel The Fall of Atlantis. Ancestors is the missing link to the implied connection to the mythical Atlantis in Bradley's Avalon-series.
 Restoring the Lost Constitution: The Presumption of Liberty is a 2003 book about the United States Constitution written by Randy Barnett a professor of law at the Georgetown University Law Center. In the book Barnett outlines his theory of constitutional legitimacy interpretation and construction. He argues for an interpretation of the Constitution based on its original meaning (as distinct from the founders' original intent).
 Snowblind: A brief career in the cocaine trade written by American author Robert Sabbag in 1976 is a non-fiction account about an extraordinary character named Zachary Swan who turned his hand to smuggling cocaine from Colombia into the US. Set in the 1970s before organised crime took over the cocaine trade it is based primarily in New York and Bogotá and features a variety of colourful characters.
 Lambing Season is a science fiction short story by American writer Molly Gloss published in 2002. It was nominated for the 2003 Hugo Award for Best Short Story as well as the Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 Downsize This! Random Threats from an Unarmed American is a book by American author and producer Michael Moore.The book is a look at the state of business and industry in the United States and the power they hold over the U.S. government. In particular the book criticizes corporations who care more for shareholders than the safety and wellbeing of the communities who work for them.
 Arlequin poli par l'amour is a one-act romantic comedy by French playwright Marivaux. Its title could be translated into English as Harlequin refined by love. Arlequin poli par l'amour was first performed 17 October 1720 by the Comédie Italienne. In this play a fairy tries to force Arlequin to fall in love with her. Instead Arlequin falls in love with Silvia a shepherdess.
 New Escapologist is a UK-based lifestyle magazine taking work economics and leisure as central themes. It asks why Europeans and North Americans work so many hours and seem to prioritize material wealth and status over happiness mobility and idling. It suggests simple living and Epicureanism as solutions to the problem.The magazine is edited by humorist Robert Wringham and sub-edited by Reggie Chamberlain-King Samara Leibner Mark Wentworth and Neil Scott.
 Jakhan Choto Chilam is an autobiographical book by the famed film director Satyajit Ray. In this book Ray discusses his childhood days in the city of Kolkata (then Calcutta) India. The book was published in 1982.
 Hannibal Rising is a novel written by Thomas Harris published in 2006. It is a prequel to his three previous books featuring his most famous character the cannibalistic serial killer Dr. Hannibal Lecter. It is Harris' fifth and as of 2014 most recent novel. The novel was released with an initial printing of at least 1.5 million copies and met with a mixed critical response. Audiobook versions have also been released with Harris reading the text.
 Concentrate (Russian: Концентрат Konsentrat) is a never-filmed 1958 screenplay by Russian film director Andrei Tarkovsky. The screenplay is based on Tarkovsky's year in the taiga as a member of a research expedition prior to his enrollment in film school.
 Working!! is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga series written and illustrated by Karino Takatsu and concerns the activities of the unusual employees at the Wagnaria family restaurant. It began serialization in the January 2005 issue of Square Enix's Young Gangan seinen manga magazine. The first bound volume was released in November 2005 in Japan; as of March 2011 nine volumes have been released.
 The Rigveda: A Historical Analysis is a book by Shrikant G. Talageri (born 1958). It was published by Aditya Prakashan New Delhi (India) in 2000. It is a contribution to the Aryan invasion debate which was taking place in Hindu nationalism at the time.The book gives Talageri's examination and interpretation of the Rig Veda.
 Railroad & Railroad was the first magazine title created in-house by Carstens Publications. Based in Newton New Jersey the magazine is produced monthly edited by Steve Barry. As a magazine dedicated to trains and rail transportation it stands out from its main competitor Trains as a publication focused on the enthusiast and related activities. It is also the successor to Railroad magazine purchased by Carstens in 1979 and listed separately on the masthead to this day.
 PC Gamer is a magazine founded in Britain in 1993 devoted to PC gaming and published monthly by Future plc. The magazine has several regional editions with the UK and US editions becoming the best selling PC games magazines in their respective countries. The magazine features news on developments in the video game industry previews of new games and reviews of the latest popular PC games along with other features relating to hardware mods classic games and various other topics.
 The Wexford People is a local or regional newspaper published once per week (every Wednesday) in County Wexford Ireland.
 Past Reason Hated is the fifth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 1991 but has been reprinted a number of times since. The novel won the 1991 Arthur Ellis Award for literature.
 Flying is an aviation magazine published since 1927 (original name Popular Aviation). It is read by pilots aircraft owners and aviation-oriented executives in business and general aviation markets worldwide.It has the largest paid subscription newsstand and international circulation of any U.S.-based aviation magazine according to the publisher Bonnier Corporation. They promote it as The World's Most Widely Read Aviation Magazine.
 009-1 (ゼロゼロナイン・ワン Zero Zero Nain Wan pronounced Zero Zero Nine-One) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shotaro Ishinomori. The manga was serialized in the Futabasha publication Weekly Manga Action from 1967 to 1970 then returned briefly in 1974. The story concerns Miléne Hoffman (ミレーヌ・ホフマン Mirēnu Hofuman; Mylene in the English translation) a female cyborg who works as a secret agent.
 Delphine is the first novel by Anne Louise Germaine de Staël published in 1802. The book is written in epistolary form (as a series of letters) and examines the limits of women's freedom in an aristocratic society. Although Madame de Staël denied political intent the book was controversial enough for Napoleon to exile the author.A new English translation was released by Avriel H. Goldberger in 1995.
 The Invention of Solitude is the debut work of Paul Auster a memoir published in 1982. The book is divided into two parts Portrait of an Invisible Man which concerns the sudden death of Auster's father and The Book of Memory in which Auster delivers his personal opinions concerning subjects such as coincidence fate and solitude subjects that have become trademarks of Auster's works.
 Counterfeit for Murder is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first serialized as The Counterfeiter's Knife in three issues of The Saturday Evening Post (January 14 21 and 28 1961). It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Homicide Trinity published by the Viking Press in 1962.An early draft of Counterfeit for Murder was posthumously published in the short-story collection Death Times Three (1985) under the title Assault on a Brownstone.
 Spike and Dru: Pretty Maids All in a Row is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Voodoo Lounge found in Tales of the Slayer Volume III is a companion to this story.
 Time to Smell the Roses is the fourth book in the Hermux Tantamoq series by Michael Hoeye which includes Time Stops for No MouseThe Sands of Time and No Time Like Show Time.
 Stops of Various Quills is a 1895 book written by William Dean Howells. 55 pages in length it features 43 poems and illustrations by Howard Pyle.
 Glass Soup is a surreal fiction novel written by the American writer Jonathan Carroll first published in 2006. It tells the story of a group of people who live in Vienna. They find out that they are caught in a battle of Gods and Chaos. This fiction consists many elements of Judeo-Christian mythology and popular culture mythos. It is a blend of real and unreal living and dead and good and evil.
 The Public Ledger was a daily newspaper in Philadelphia Pennsylvania published from March 25 1836 to January 1942. Its motto was Virtue Liberty and Independence. For a time it was Philadelphia's most popular newspaper but circulation declined in the mid-1930s.
 Powerless is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The series which began in 2004 is written by Matt Cherniss and Peter Johnson and penciled by artist Michael Gaydos. It had a six issue run all of which are now published together in a trade paperback collection.
 The News Virginian is a newspaper owned by Berkshire Hathaway. The paper serves residents in the cities of Waynesboro and Staunton Virginia as well as Augusta and Nelson Counties.
 Educational Researcher is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of education. The editors-in-chief are Carolyn D. Herrington (Florida State University) and Vivian L. Gadsden (University of Pennsylvania). It was established in 1972 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association.
 Ultimate Marvel Team-Up is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics which ran for 16 issues including a concluding Ultimate Spider-Man Super Special. It is set in one of Marvel's shared universes the Ultimate Universe. The whole series starred Spider-Man teaming up with another superhero each issue. The series was written by Brian Michael Bendis with each arc drawn by a different artist.
 Sam Bangs and Moonshine is a popular 1966 book by Evaline Ness. For its illustrations it won the 1967 Caldecott Medal.
 Big Bang: The most important scientific discovery of all time and why you need to know about it is a book written by Simon Singh and published in 2004 by Fourth Estate.Big Bang chronicles the history and development of the Big Bang model of the universe from the ancient Greek scientists who first measured the distance to the sun to the 20th century detection of the cosmic radiation still echoing the dawn of time.The book discusses how different theories of the universe evolved along with a personal look at the people involved.
 Fuck: Word Taboo and Protecting Our First Amendment Liberties is a nonfiction book written by law professor Christopher M. Fairman about freedom of speech the First Amendment to the United States Constitution censorship and use of the word fuck in society. The book was first published in 2009 by Sphinx as a follow-up on the author's article Fuck. It cites studies from academics in social science psychoanalysis and linguistics.
 Chronicles Volume One is the first part of Bob Dylan's planned 3-volume memoir. Published on October 5 2004 by Simon & Schuster the 304-page volume covers selected points from Dylan's long career. The book spent 19 weeks on the New York Times best-seller list for hardcover nonfiction books. Chronicles Volume One was one of five finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Award in the Biography/Autobiography category for the 2004 publishing year.
 Burned is the seventh volume of the House of Night fantasy series written by P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast.Zoey's soul has shattered and while her friends search through Kramisha's prophetic poems to bring her back Stevie Rae has to step in her shoes and hold the House of Night together while dealing with her own secrets.
 The Collapsium is a 2000 hard science fiction novel by Wil McCarthy the first in the Queendom of Sol series. The first section of the novel is based on McCarthy's short story Once Upon a Matter Crushed which was a Sturgeon Award finalist. A reviewer stated McCarthy used postmodern literary technique in consciously creating a protagonist who is a throwback to the scientist-heroes of Golden Age SF.
 Biffen och Bananen (the Beef and the Banana) was a comic strip by Rit-Ola (Jan-Erik Garland) originally published in Folket i Bild in 1936 where it ran until 1978. The strip was also published in albums and in the Swedish comic book 91:an.
 Od blizu is a novel by Slovenian author Irena Svetek. It was first published in 2004.
 Izvestiya: Mathematics is the English translation of the Russian mathematical journal Izvestiya Rossiiskoi Akademii Nauk Seriya Matematicheskaya which was founded in 1937.
 The Parent's Assistant is the first collection of children's stories by Maria Edgeworth published by Joseph Johnson in 1796. The first edition (Part I) had five stories: Lazy Lawrence Tarlton The Little Dog Trusty The Orange Man and 'The False Key. 'Barring Out was included in the second edition of Part I published the same year. In later editions more material was added most notably The Purple Jar and a play for children Old Poz.
 A Canticle for Leibowitz is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by American writer Walter M. Miller Jr. first published in 1960. Set in a Catholic monastery in the desert of the Southwestern United States after a devastating nuclear war the story spans thousands of years as civilization rebuilds itself.
 Warsaw Voice: Polish and Central European Review (shortly The Warsaw Voice) is an English-language newspaper printed in Poland concentrating on news about Poland and its neighbours. First released in October 1988 it is a general news magazine with sections on political economic social and cultural news and with opinions sections. The printed edition has a circulation of 10500.
 Clybourne Park (2010) is a play by Bruce Norris written in response to Lorraine Hansberry's play A Raisin in the Sun (1959); it portrays fictional events set before and after the Hansberry play and is loosely based on historical events that took place in the city of Chicago. It premiered in February 2010 at Playwrights Horizons in New York. The play received its UK premiere at the Royal Court Theatre in London in a production directed by Dominic Cooke.
 Zatch Bell! known in Japan as Konjiki no Gash!! (金色のガッシュ!! Konjiki no Gasshu!! lit. Golden Gash!!) is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Makoto Raiku. It was published in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday. The series follows Kiyo Takamine and his Mamodo (魔物 Mamono lit.
 Og det var Danmark... (And it was Denmark...) is a satirical Danish comic strip drawn by Morten Ingemann. The strip won Basserne's and Ekstra Bladet's comic strip hunt in 2004 and has since been featured on page 2 of Ekstra Bladet.
 Disco 2000 is a 1998 collection of original short stories edited by music journalist Sarah Champion. The stories in the collection are set in the last hours of 1999 and while the authors featured are largely known for their science fiction work not every story is strictly of that genre. The collection is a follow up to Champion's previous collection Disco Biscuits which took the British club scene as its topic.
 The New York University Law Review is a flagship generalist law review journal publishing legal scholarship in all areas including legal theory and policy environmental law legal history international law and more. Each year its six issues publish legal scholarship written by professors judges and legal practitioners as well as Notes written by current students at New York University School of Law that are members of the Law Review.
 Sigtuna väravad (English: The Gates of Sigtuna) is a compilation of novels by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1968 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 2004.
 Vampire Hunter D: Throng of Heretics is a Japanese novel by Hideyuki Kikuchi. It was first published in Japan in 2007.
 The Lives of John Lennon is a 1988 biography of musician John Lennon by Americanauthor Albert Goldman. The book is a product of several years of research and hundreds of interviews with many of Lennon's friends acquaintances servants and musicians. Notwithstanding it is best known for its criticism and generally negative representation of the personal lives of Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono.
 The Holy Terror is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom in May 1932 by Hodder and Stoughton. This was the eighth book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint. When published in the United States for the first time in September 1932 the title was changed to The Saint vs.
 Abasebenzi was published from 1973 to 1975 by the Wages Commission Student's Representative Council at the University of Cape Town and aimed to create awareness by informing workers in the Western Cape (mainly Cape Town) of the importance of worker unity organisation and representation in order to protect their interests better their wages and working conditions and end worker exploitation.
 Tarzan the Untamed is a book written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the seventh in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. It was originally published as two separate stories serialized in different pulp magazines; Tarzan the Untamed (AKA Tarzan and the Huns) in Redbook from March to August 1919 and Tarzan and the Valley of Luna in All-Story Weekly from March to April 1920.
 The Coming of the Terraphiles is a Doctor Who novel written by Michael Moorcock featuring the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond. It was the first special release of a Doctor Who novel by BBC Books in a lengthier hardback format to that of the previous New Series Adventures.
 Hingede öö (English: All Souls' Night or Night of Souls) is a novel by the Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1953 in Lund Sweden by the exile publishing house Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). The novel was first published in Estonia in the year 1991.
 Kare Kano (彼氏彼女の事情 Kareshi Kanojo no Jijō lit. His and Her Circumstances) is a manga series by Masami Tsuda. It was serialized in LaLa from 1996 to 2005 and collected in 21 tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha. It depicts the romance between perfect student Yukino Miyazawa and her academic rival Soichiro Arima and the relationships of several of their friends.The series is licensed and was published in English in North America by Tokyopop.
 Surely You're Joking Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character is an edited collection of reminiscences by the Nobel Prize-winning physicist Richard Feynman. The book released in 1985 covers a variety of instances in Feynman's life. Some are lighthearted in tone such as his fascination with safe-cracking studying various languages participating with groups of people who share different interests (such as biology or philosophy) and ventures into art and samba music.
 The New Confessions (1987) is a novel of the Scottish writer William Boyd. The book follows the life of John James Todd from his birth in Edinburgh up to his final exile on a Mediterranean island having fled the USA from fear of being implicated in a murder.
 The Most Beautiful Woman in Town & Other Stories is a collection of anecdotal short stories by American author Charles Bukowski. The stories are written in both the first and third-person in Bukowski's trademark semi-autobiographical short prose style. In keeping with his other works themes include: Los Angeles bar culture; alcoholism; gambling; sex and violence. However many of the stories contain elements of fantasy and surrealism.
 Author's Pet (作家、ドレイを飼う。 Sakka Dorei wo Kau) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Deathco Cotorino. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on August 26 2008.
 Why I Left Harry's All-Night Hamburgers is a science fiction short story by Lawrence Watt-Evans. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1988 and was nominated for the Nebula Award in 1987.
 Peer Gynt (/ˈpɪər ˈɡɪnt/; Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈpeːr ˈɡʏnt]) is a five-act play in verse by the Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen. Written in the Bokmål form of Norwegian it is one of the most widely performed Norwegian plays.Ibsen believed Per Gynt the Norwegian fairy tale on which the play is loosely based to be rooted in fact and several of the characters are modelled after Ibsen's own family notably his parents Knud Ibsen and Marichen Altenburg.
 The Times-Picayune is an American tri-weekly newspaper published in New Orleans Louisiana since January 25 1837. The current publication is the result of the 1914 merger of The Picayune with the Times-Democrat. Since June 2013 the paper is printed as a broadsheet on Wednesdays Fridays and Sundays and in a tabloid format on Monday Tuesdays and Thursday. The latter is branded as The Times-Picayune Street or TP Street and is sold only through newsstands and retail locations.
 The Warsaw Signal was a newspaper edited and published in Warsaw Illinois during the 1840s and early 1850s. For most of its history the Signal's editorial stance was one of vigorous anti-Mormonism and the advancement of the policies of the Whig Party.
 Mirror Mirror is an American novel published in 2003. It was written by Gregory Maguire. The novel is a revisionist version of the tale of Snow White.
 Guang Ming Daily (simplified Chinese: 光明日报; traditional Chinese: 光明日報; pinyin: Guāngmíng Rìbào) was previously known as Sin Pin Daily (Chinese : 星檳日報) Sin Pin Daily was founded by the Aw brothers which have also started Sin Chew Daily. Sin Pin Daily was headquartered in Penang but unfortunately it has to stop publishing in 1986 after some major changes in management.All the former staff of the defunct Sin Pin Daily are desperate to restart the newspaper publishing.
 Il Liberatore ('The Liberator') was an Italian language underground publication issued by the Italian section of the Tunisian Communist Party. Il Liberatore appeared in 1935 after the antifascist weekly Domani had been banned.
 Black Man's Burden is a science fiction novella by Dallas McCord Mack Reynolds. It is the first in a sequence of near-future stories set in North Africa which also includes Border Breed nor Birth (1962) Black Sheep Astray (1973) and The Best Ye Breed (1978). Black Man's Burden and its sequels have been called a notable exception to the indirect treatment of racial issues in 1960s science fiction magazines.
 CLiNT was a monthly British comic magazine launched in September 2010 by Kick-Ass creator Mark Millar and published by Titan Magazines. As well as comics from Millar it also includes those written by celebrities like Jonathan Ross and Frankie Boyle.
 Behavior Genetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media that is devoted to research in the inheritance of behavior. It is the official journal of the Behavior Genetics Association. The journal was established in 1971 with Steven G. Vandenberg as its founding editor-in-chief. The abstracts of the annual meetings are printed in the journal.
 The White Tower is a detective fiction novel by Australian author Dorothy Johnston. It is the second novel in the Sandra Mahoney series.
 The Original Astro Boy is a twenty-issue 1980s comic book series (with one Astro Boy short story in Speed Racer #17) by NOW Comics based on the original Japanese Mighty Atom series by Osamu Tezuka. The series was based mostly on the 1963 Astro Boy anime series but begun to include elements from the 1980 series in later issues. The comic went through three writers and artists and embellished the original plotline despite only covering the first episode of the 1963 series.
 The Llanelli Star is a Welsh regional newspaper covering the areas of Llanelli and Carmarthen in the county of Carmarthenshire Wales. It is published on a weekly basis in a tabloid form. The newspaper is published by South West Wales Publications the same company behind the South Wales Evening Post. In 2012 Local World acquired South West Wales Publications owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.
 The Atlas of the Land by Karen Wynn Fonstad provides a cartographer's point of view to the fictional world known as the Land from Stephen R. Donaldson's fantasy novel series The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant.Throughout this book Fonstad provides detailed cartography along with annotated descriptions for each map. Some of the larger scaled maps also plot out the travels of various characters and their companions throughout the novels.
 The Prestige is a 1995 novel by British writer Christopher Priest. The novel is epistolary in structure: that is it purports to be a collection of real diaries that were kept by the protagonists and later collated. The title derives from the novel's fictional practice of stage illusions having three parts: the setup the performance and the prestige (effect).The novel received the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for best fiction and the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel.
 The Somerville Journal is a weekly newspaper published in Somerville Massachusetts.
 Control is a 1982 novel by William Goldman.
 The European Journal of Women's Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of women's studies. It is published quarterly by SAGE Publications. The journal's editors-in-chief are Kathy Davis (Utrecht University) and Gail Lewis (Open University). It publishes articles reviews conference reports topical and polemical pieces and overviews on the state of women's studies in various European countries.
 Nakkeeran or Nakkheeran is a Tamil magazine popular in Tamil Nadu India.R. Gopal was the editors and publisher of the magazine.
 Stories of the Sahara (Chinese: 《撒哈拉的故事》) is an autobiographical account of the life and love of the Taiwanese author Sanmao (Chinese: 三毛) while she was living in the Sahara Desert with her Spanish husband Jose Maria Quero y Ruiz. It was first published in book form in 1976 although some of the earlier stories were published in Taiwan's United Daily News as early as 1974.
 Profiles in Terror: A Guide to Middle East Terrorist Organizations is a 2004 book by Aaron Mannes. It profiles more than twenty terrorist organizations operating in the Middle East and their affiliate groups worldwide describing their characteristics: ideology and objectives; history; leadership; organization; external relations; financial support networks; target and tactics; external relations; a chronology of significant events and attacks; and references for each group.
 A History of US is a ten-volume (and one sourcebook) historical book series for children written by Joy Hakim and first published in its entirety in 1995. The series is published by the US branch of Oxford University Press and is currently in its third edition. Originally conceived as a trade children's series the books quickly found fans among classroom teachers; in response to the prompting of educators Oxford University Press developed ancillary teaching materials to accompany the series.
 The Absolutely True Diary of a Part Time Indian is a 2007 novel for young adults written by Sherman Alexie and illustrated by Ellen Forney. The book won several awards.This was the first young-adult fiction work by Alexie a stand-up comedian screenwriter film producer and songwriter who has previously written adult novels short stories poems and screenplays.
 Service of All the Dead is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the fourth novel in Inspector Morse series.This time Inspector Morse brings the imposition on himself. He could have been vacationing in Greece instead of investigating a murder that the police have long since written off. But he finds the crime – the brutal killing of a suburban churchwarden – fascinating. In fact he uncovers not one murder but two for the fatal fall of St.
 The Pyramid is a 1995 novel written by Ismail Kadare considered one of the greatest works produced by this writer rivaling The Garden Party by Václav Havel. It is considered to serve both literary and a dissident purposes.
 Demon's Delight is an anthology novel containing four short stories written by authors MaryJanice Davidson Emma Holly Vickie Taylor and Catherine Spangler.
 Rot & Ruin is a science fiction novel written by Jonathan Maberry and published by Simon & Schuster set in the post-zombie apocalypse. The novel was released in the United States September 2010 and in United Kingdom March 2011. It is the first in a series; its sequel Dust & Decay was released August 2011. Flesh and Bone was released in September 2012 and Fire and Ash was released August 2013.
 Jip His Story is a 1996 children's book written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson. Set in Vermont during the 1850s it focuses on a 12-year-old orphan named Jip who was abandoned as an infant and mistaken for a gypsy because of his skin color. Jip works at a poor farm where mentally ill residents are housed. One of the residents named Putnam Nelson appears to be a lunatic although Jip discovers he is actually very intelligent man with serious mental health problems.
 The Horse Whisperer is a 1995 novel by English author Nicholas Evans. The book was his debut novel and gained significant success becoming the 10th best selling novel in the United States in 1995 selling over 15 million copies. This also makes it one of the best-selling books of all time.The book was made into a film also titled The Horse Whisperer directed by and starring Robert Redford.
 Information Systems Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the areas of information systems and information technology including cognitive psychology economics computer science operations research design science organization theory and behavior sociology and strategic management. It is published by the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences and was recently selected as one of the top 20 professional/academic journals by BusinessWeek.
 The Four Loves is a book by C. S. Lewis which explores the nature of love from a Christian and philosophical perspective through thought experiments.The book was based on a set of radio talks from 1958 criticised in the US at the time for their frankness about sex.
 The Mystery of the Spiral Bridge is Volume 45 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Andrew E. Svenson in 1966.
 The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman published in the United States as The War of Dreams is a 1972 novel by Angela Carter. This picaresque novel is heavily influenced by surrealism Romanticism critical theory and other branches of Continental philosophy. Its style is an amalgam of magical realism and postmodern pastiche.
 The Risale-i Nur Collection (Turkish: Risale-i Nur Külliyatı Ottoman Turkish: رسالة نور كلىاتي) is a tafsir (Islamic exegesis) on the Qur'an written by Bediuzzaman Said Nursi between the 1910s and 1950s in Turkey. The commentary does not keep to the order of the ayah as is done in classic Islamic exegesis as it makes comments on their meanings. It is rather a thematic tafsir which deals with the doubts surrounding the basic doctrines and principles of Islam.
 Hickory Daily Record is a newspaper based in Hickory North Carolina. It is owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
 Kai Lung Raises His voice is a collection of fantasy stories by Ernest Bramah featuring Kai Lung an itinerant story-teller of ancient China.
 How to Date a Brown Girl (Black Girl White Girl or Halfie) is a satirical short story by Junot Díaz. The story takes the guise of an instructional manual purporting to offer advice as to how to act or behave depending upon the ethnicity and social class of the reader’s date.
 MAGiMAGi (マジマジ) also known as Magical Illusions (落入魔法国 Raku Nyuu Mahou Kuni) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Jirō Suzuki.It is about a girl named Akira. Ever since she was little she's loved mythical fantasy books about magicians and can't wait to grow up to be an author so she can write about magic.
 In the Presence of Mine Enemies: 1965-1973 - A Prisoner of War is a memoir by American pilot Howard E. Rutledge co-written with his wife of his time in a Vietnamese POW camp during the Vietnam War. When it was published it was the first book-length firsthand treatment of the experiences of American prisoners of war in Vietnam. It was made into a documentary in the same year. After the war Rutledge was an unsuccessful candidate for Congress. He died of cancer in 1984.
 The New Atlantis founded in 2003 is a quarterly journal about the social ethical political and policy dimensions of modern science and technology. The journal is published in Washington D.C. by the Center for the Study of Technology and Society in partnership with the Ethics and Public Policy Center and the Witherspoon Institute.
 Tidewater News is a newspaper based in Franklin Virginia covering Franklin Southampton County and Isle of Wight County. Since November 2006 it has been published three days a week.
 Direct Action: Memoirs of an Urban Guerrilla is a book written by the Canadian anarchist Ann Hansen after she had been incarcerated for eight years for the bombing of the Litton Industries about the urban guerrilla Direct Action (also known as Squamish Five and Vancouver Five).
 Prelude to Nanarchy is a webcomic produced in 2005 by Grant Naylor Productions and Across the Pond Comics based on artwork and story concept created by Damion Waldbrunn and Adam Jewell of Studio Hubris.It set between the fifth and sixth series of BBC science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf. It was published online at a page a day on the official Red Dwarf website.
 Tidings of Comfort and Joy is a fantasy short story by Gael Baudino. It concerns Julianna a Wiccan living in Denver and her otherworldly encounter with her friend Paul who is a priest and her undead ex-husband Bob.
 The Pittsburgh Journal of Technology Law & Policy (Bluebook abbreviation: PGH. J. Tech. L. & Pol'y) is a biannual law review covering legal topics involving intellectual property and technology of all kinds. The journal is published by an independent student group at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law with recent issues available online. The journal's ISSN is pending following a move to ULS E-Journal Publishing in conjunction with the University of Pittsburgh Press.
 The Open Access Journal of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants is a biannual peer-reviewed open-access medical journal. It is published by the Medicinal and Aromatic Plants Association of India and hosted by the Directorate of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants Research.
 Note : This article is about an academic publication. For details on the actual history of Pakistan see History of PakistanA Short History of Pakistan is an edited book published by University of Karachi Press and comprises four volumes. The book is edited by Prof Ishtiaq Hussain Qureshi and provides a comprehensive account of the history of the Pakistan region and its people from the prehistory leading to the creation of Pakistan and East Pakistan which then became Bangladesh.
 Design Issues is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering design history theory and criticism. The journal typically includes theoretical and critical articles book reviews and illustrations. Design Issues was established in 1984 and is published online and in hard copy by MIT Press.
 The Four-Story Mistake (1942) is a children's novel by award-winning author Elizabeth Enright. The second of her four books about the Melendy family it is preceded by The Saturdays and is followed by Then There Were Five and Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze.
 Current Issues in Molecular Biology (CIMB Curr. Iss. Mol. Biol.) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes high quality critical review papers in English in all areas of molecular biology and molecular microbiology. Relevant protocols and technology papers will also be considered for publication. The journal is published by Horizon Scientific Press from Norfolk UK.Full content of all articles are freely available online. A print edition of the journal is also available.
 My Life As a Book is a middle grade novel by Janet Tashjian illustrated by her teenage son Jake Tashjian. It is the first book in the My Life As a... series. It is published by many companies. It is used in many schools as well as several city-wide reads. It has been translated into ten languages including Spanish Catalan Hebrew Turkish Czech and German.
 The Portland Mercury is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Portland Oregon. It serves to chronicle the ever-changing Portland music scene and generally includes interviews commentaries reviews and concert dates. Popular features include the I Anonymous section in which local readers are encouraged to submit anonymous usually impassioned and often incendiary letters to the city at large. It includes Dan Savage's syndicated advice column Savage Love.
 Santa Cruz Weekly a free-circulation weekly newspaper published in Santa Cruz California began publishing under its current name on May 6 2009.
 Amstrad Action was a monthly magazine published in the United Kingdom which catered to owners of home computers from the Amstrad CPC range and later the GX4000 console.It was the first magazine published by Chris Anderson's Future Publishing which with a varied line-up of computing and non-computing related titles has since become one of the foremost magazine publishers in the UK.The publication often abbreviated to AA by staff and readers had the longest lifetime of any Amstrad magazine running from October 1985 until June 1995 and produced 117 issues in total. 
 Film Comment is an arts and culture magazine now published by the Film Society of Lincoln Center of which it is its official publication. Film Comment features reviews and analysis of mainstream art-house and avant-garde filmmaking from around the world. Founded in 1962 and originally released as a quarterly Film Comment began publishing on a bi-monthly basis with the Nov/Dec issue of 1972. In 2007 the magazine was awarded the Utne Independent Press Award for Best Arts Coverage.
 Pocket Monsters Emerald: Challenge!! Battle Frontier (ポケットモンスターエメラルド 挑戦!!バトルフロンティア Poketto Monsutā Emerarudo: Chōsen!! Batoru Furontia) is a manga series that mixes comedy with Pokémon battling.It began publication in 2005 in CoroCoro Special and has been published into tankōbon.
 Ai Ore! (愛を歌うより俺に溺れろ！ Ai o Utau yori Ore ni Oborero!) is a Japanese manga series by Mayu Shinjo. It was adapted into a live action film in 2012.
 Folker is a German music magazine. It deals with folk traditional and world music. The newspaper is published two-monthly by the Christian-Ludwig-Verlag in Moers since 1998. Publisher is Mike Kamp editor in chief is Michael Kleff and the final editing is led by Stefan Backes. The office is based in Bonn.
 Kangura was a Kinyarwanda- and French-language magazine in Rwanda that served to stoke ethnic hatred in the run-up to the Rwandan Genocide. It was established in 1990 following the invasion of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) and continued publishing up to the genocide. Sponsored by the dominant MRND party and edited by founder Hassan Ngeze the magazine was a response to the RPF-sponsored Kanguka adopting a similar informal style.
 The Xavier Newswire (established 1915) is an independent newspaper published weekly during the academic year by the students of Xavier University in Cincinnati Ohio. It is an 8-16 page newspaper featuring six sections: News Campus News Opinions and Editorials Sports Arts & Entertainment and Features.
 The Refugees (1893) is a historical novel by British writer Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.It revolves around Amory de Catinat a Huguenot guardsman of Louis XIV and Amos Green an American who comes to visit France. Major themes include Louis XIV's marriage to Madame de Maintenon retirement from court of Madame de Montespan the revoking of the Edict of Nantes and the subsequent emigration of the Huguenot de Catinats to America.
 Pressure is a play written by David Haig. It made its world premiere at the Royal Lyceum Theatre Edinburgh in May 2014 a year later than originally planned and is expected to transfer to the Chichester Festival. The play centres around the true story of James Stagg and Operation Overlord in particular the weather-forecasting for the D-Day landings and the resultant tensions between Dwight D. Eisenhower James Stagg and Irving P. Krick.
 Spring Offensive is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.
 Malajoe Batawi: Kitab deri hal Perkataan-Perkataan Malajoe Hal Memetjah Oedjar-Oedjar Malajoe dan Hal Pernahkan Tanda-Tanda Batja dan Hoeroef-Hoeroef Besar (better known by the short title Malajoe Batawi; Perfected Spelling: Melayu Betawi; literally Betawi Malay) is a grammar of the Malay language as spoken in Batavia (now Jakarta) written by Lie Kim Hok.
 The Silliman Journal is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Silliman University (Dumaguete City Philippines). The editor-in-chief is Margaret U. Alvarez. The journal was established in 1953 starting as a quarterly and interdisciplinary in content. The initial issues contained research papers and articles by faculty and graduate students but eventually contributions from non-Silliman scholars and scholars outside of the Philippines were also accepted.
 La Nación (Spanish: The Nation) is an Argentine daily newspaper. The country's leading conservative paper the centrist Clarín is its main competitor.
 Just in Case is a young-adult novel by Meg Rosoff published by Penguin in 2006. Its adolescent protagonist David Case spends the majority of the book attempting to avoid fate. Rosoff won the annual Carnegie Medal recognising the year's best children's book published in the U.K.
 The Elected Member is a Booker Prize-winning novel by Welsh writer Bernice Rubens.
 The Journal of Human Evolution is a peer-reviewed scientific Journal. It is published monthly by Elsevier in print and online on ScienceDirect. The Journal was started in 1972. The current editors are Mark Teaford and Sarah Elton. Publications in the journal are on Physical Anthropology Palaeolithic Archaeology Primatology Geochronology Palaeoecology and Palaeoecological and palaeogeographical models for primate and human evolution.
 Estrela de absinto is a Portuguese language novel by Brazilian author Oswald de Andrade.
 Television/A Challenge to the Psychoanalytic Establishment is the 1990 English-language translation of Jacques Lacan’s text Télévision accompanied by a Dossier on the Institutional Debate. The single volume thus includes two distinct projects which were separately translated.
 Sa Ngalan ng Diyos (In the Name of God) is a Tagalog-language novel written in 1911 by Filipino author Faustino Aguilar. Controversially it illustrated how greedy Jesuit priests schemed manipulated and took advantage of Carmen a young naive pious and affluent heiress. The 191-page book was published in Manila by the Limbagan at Aklatan Ni I.R. Morales (Printing Press and Library Of I.R. Morales) during the American period in Philippine history (1898–1946).
 Chinese Medical Herbology and Pharmacology is a text on Chinese herbology by Dr. John K. Chen and Tina T. Chen. It is one of the few comprehensive texts on Chinese herbology in existence that has been published in the English and German language and it is widely recognized by the oriental medicine community as both a valid teaching tool used in many oriental medicine universities in the US as well as a reference book that is widely cited by many academic individuals and practitioners.
 The Journal of the Adventist Theological Society is a refereed scholarly Christian journal published by the Adventist Theological Society a group of Seventh-day Adventists. It is issued twice a year from Collegedale TN. The first issue was published in 1990.In 1996 its circulation was around 10000 the great majority of which were distributed freely.As well as Adventist readership copies are distributed to every member of the Evangelical Theological Society nearly 2000 in total.
 Finnegans Wake is a novel by Irish writer James Joyce which is significant for its experimental style and the resulting reputation as one of the most difficult works of fiction in the English language. Written in Paris over a period of seventeen years and published in 1939 two years before the author's death Finnegans Wake was Joyce's final work.
 The Tri-County News is a weekly newspaper based in Kiel Wisconsin. It is published by Delta Publications.The newspaper was founded when the New Holstein Reporter Kiel Tri-County Record and Chilton Spirit were combined. The Tri-County News is primarily distributed in Calumet County Manitowoc County Sheboygan and Fond du Lac County.
 Street Sense is a Washington D.C.-based 16-page bi-weekly street newspaper that was founded in 2003. Its mission is to raise public awareness on the issues of homelessness and poverty in the city and to create economic opportunities for people experiencing homelessness. The newspaper features writing and articles about homelessness and poverty written by homeless or formerly homeless people and other volunteers.
 The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche is a book by H. L. Mencken the first edition in 1907.
 Kitten's First Full Moon is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Kevin Henkes. Published in 2004 the book tells the story of a kitten who thinks the moon is a bowl of milk. Henkes won the 2005 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations. The book is in black and white and typeset in sans-serif. The idea came from a line in another book by Henkes The cat thought the moon was a bowl of milk. Henkes gradually expanded on that for Kitten's First Full Moon.
 The Asian Journal of International Law is a peer-reviewed law review focusing on public and private international law. It is an official publication of the Asian Society of International Law and is published by Cambridge University Press. It is produced by the National University of Singapore Faculty of Law and succeeds the Singapore Year Book of International Law. The editors-in-chief are Simon Chesterman Surya P.
 The Will of the Empress previously titled The Circle Reforged is a standalone fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce a continuation of the story of the quartets Circle of Magic and The Circle Opens.
 Die Globalisierungsfalle: Der Angriff auf Demokratie und Wohlstand is a 1996 book by Hans-Peter Martin and Harold Schumann that describes possible implications of current trends in globalisation. It was published in English as The Global Trap: Civilization and the Assault on Democracy and Prosperity in 1997.The book was a best-seller in the author's native Germany.In particular the book is known for defining a possible 20/80 society.
 nicola (ニコラ Nikora) is a fashion magazine published in Japan by Shinchosha. This magazine targets young girls ranging from early- to mid-teens. The magazine is known for its models (called Nicomo). Nicola was first published in 1997 and covers teen fashion trends hair and make-up and lifestyles.With the growing popularity of teen fashion and its models Nicola became the top-selling fashion magazine targeting early- and mid- teen girls with a circulation of over 231000 a month.
 The Light Bearer is a 1994 historical novel by Donna Gillespie set in first century Rome spanning the reigns of the Emperors Nero and Domitian. The novel centers upon three historical events: the Emperor Domitian’s war with the Germanic Chattian tribe in 83 A.D.; the inauguation of the Colosseum or Amphitheatrum Flavium; and the assassination of Domitian 4.1 see Assassination.
 Desirable Daughters (2002) is a novel by Bharati Mukherjee. The sequel to this novel is The Tree Bride (2004).
 Ellison Wonderland is a collection of short stories by author Harlan Ellison that was originally published in 1962. Gerry Gross bought the book from Ellison in 1961 providing him with the funds he needed to move to Los Angeles. Subsequent payments after the book was published supplied the author with enough money to survive until he was able to find a job writing for a television series. It was later reprinted in 1974 by New American Library with an introduction by Ellison.
 Thinakkural is a Tamil newspaper published in Sri Lanka. It was founded by Pon Rajagobal former editor of Virakesari in 1997. There have reported number of attempts to force the paper to stop its distribution in recent times.
 Micro Mart is a weekly computer magazine published in the United Kingdom by Dennis Publishing Ltd. as of 2013 it had a circulation of 7534.The magazine contains news reviews articles and classified adverts covering many popular areas of computing (both in hardware and software areas).
 The Secret Adversary is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the United Kingdom by The Bodley Head in January 1922 and in the United States by Dodd Mead and Company later in that same year. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $1.75. It is her second published novel.
 Toccio the Angel (てんしのトッチオ Tenshi no Tocchio) is a Japanese children's book created by Akira Toriyama.
 The Assault on Truth: Freud's Suppression of the Seduction Theory is a 1984 book by Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson who argues that Sigmund Freud deliberately suppressed his early hypothesis that hysteria is caused by sexual abuse during infancy a conclusion that Masson reached while he had access to some of Freud's unpublished letters as projects director of the Sigmund Freud Archives.
 Spider is a novel by the British novelist Patrick McGrath originally published in the United States in 1990.
 The Profits of Religion: An Essay in Economic Interpretation is a nonfiction book first published in 1917 by the American novelist and muckraking journalist Upton Sinclair. It is a snapshot of the religious movements in the U.S. before its entry into World War I.The book is the first of the “Dead Hand” series: six books Sinclair wrote on American institutions.
 The Risk of Darkness is a novel by Susan Hill. It is the third novel in the Simon Serrailler crime series.
 Red Strangers is a 1939 novel by Elspeth Huxley. The story is an account of the arrival and effects of British colonialists told through the eyes of four generations of Kikuyu tribesmen in Kenya. The book immerses the reader so completely in the pre-Western Kikuyu culture that when the Kikuyu are paid money for their labour it is quite easy to understand why they throw the coins into the bushes.
 The Du Bois Review: Social Science Research on Race is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering multidisciplinary and multicultural social science research and criticism about race. The journal was established in 2004 and is published by Cambridge University Press for the W. E. B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research at Harvard University.
 The Machine in the Garden: Technology and the Pastoral Ideal in America is a 1964 work of literary criticism written by Leo Marx and published by Oxford University Press. The title of the book refers to a trope in American literature representing the interruption of pastoral scenery by technology due to the industrialization of America during the 19th and 20th century.
 The Wilson Library Bulletin was a professional magazine published for librarians from 1914 to 1995 by the H. W. Wilson Company Bronx. NY. It began as The Wilson Bulletin and published occasionally. In its first volume were discussions about the library being as necessary to a high school as the gymnasium and an article by Corinne Bacon on What Makes a Novel Immoral?In November 1928 its name became The Wilson Bulletin: A Magazine for Librarians.
 Proodos (Greek: Πρόοδος English: Progress) was a weekly newspaper based in Patras in the Achaea prefecture in Greece that was founded in 1929 and existed for several months. The newspaper other than its small circulation thought that it had used from other writers as references for many books which had sold in the city due to the selling mainly in the sports section.
 The Siege of White Deer Park is the fifth book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series. It was first published in 1985 and has since been included in a single book with In the Path of the Storm and Battle for the Park in the Second Omnibus edition (Hutchinson 1995).
 Jack or The Submission (French: Jacques ou la soumission) is an absurdist play by Eugène Ionesco the first of two about Jack and his family (the second being The Future is in Eggs) all of whom are named after Jack (Father-Jack Mother Jack etc.). The thrust of the narrative involves Jack's arranged marriage to Roberta and when the first Roberta is not satisfactory Roberta II.
 Banglapedia or the National Encyclopedia of Bangladesh is the first Bangladeshi encyclopedia. It is available in print CD-ROM format and online in both Bengali and English. The print version comprises ten 500-page volumes. The first edition was published in January 2003 by the Asiatic Society of Bangladesh with a plan to update it every two years.Banglapedia was not designed as a general encyclopedia but as a specialized encyclopedia on Bangladesh-related topics.
 Conversational Capital: How to Create Stuff People Love to Talk About is a book about engineering word-of-mouth into brand experiences.
 The Wit and Wisdom of Discworld is an accessory book to the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett. It is a compilation of quotes from all the Discworld novels amassed and prefaced by Stephen Briggs.The book consists of the very best quotes ideas and one-liners from all books in the Discworld series. The book is organised sequentially beginning with quotes from The Colour of Magic and ending with Making Money with each book being organised as a chapter.
 The Century City News is a free by-weekly tabloid-sized print newspaper of circulation in Century City and the surrounding communities and a daily web newspaper owned by the Santa Monica Mirror. In 2013 the newspaper was acquired by the Mirror. The publication was founded by Michael D. Carlin. The Century City News videotaped Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa during his visit to Century City. On February 11 2011 the Century City News videotaped U. S.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 The Black Cat is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in the August 19 1843 edition of The Saturday Evening Post. It is a study of the psychology of guilt often paired in analysis with Poe's The Tell-Tale Heart. In both a murderer carefully conceals his crime and believes himself unassailable but eventually breaks down and reveals himself impelled by a nagging reminder of his guilt.
 Veiled Alliance is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992.
 A Dangerous Game is a 1956 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt. Its original German title is Die Panne which means The breakdown. It is known as Traps in the United States. It tells the story of a traveller who when his car breaks down is invited for dinner by a former judge after which nightmarish developments follow. The work was initially written as a radio play but was adapted into prose almost immediately.
 Mason & Dixon is a postmodernist novel by U.S. author Thomas Pynchon published in 1997. It concentrates on the collaboration of the historical Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon in their astronomical and surveying exploits in Cape Colony Saint Helena Great Britain and along the Mason-Dixon line in British North America on the eve of the Revolutionary War in the United States.The novel is a frame narrative told from the focal point of one Rev.
 Established in 1972 Drug Metabolism Reviews is an academic journal that publishes review articles on all aspects of drug metabolism research. It is the official journal of the International Society for the Study of Xenobiotics (ISSX).The journal is published by Informa. Jack A. Hinson Professor and Director of the Division of Toxicology at University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences serves as its editor-in-chief.
 The Nebraska City News-Press is a local daily newspaper published in Nebraska City Nebraska the county seat of Otoe County.
 United News of India (UNI) is one of the two primary Indian news agencies. Established in 1961 it works in collaboration with several foreign news agencies and partners including Reuters and DPA.
 Tatham Mound is a 1991 fantasy-historical novel written by Piers Anthony. The story tells of Throat Shot a member of the Floridian Toco tribe and his quest to prevent an unknown danger from harming his people. The story was inspired by finds at Tatham Mound located near the Withlacoochee River in Citrus County Florida.
 Flyboys: A True Story of Courage is a nonfiction book by writer James Bradley and a national bestseller in the U.S. This book details a World War II incident of the execution and cannibalism of five of eight American P.O.W.s on the Pacific island of Chichi-jima one of the Ogasawara Islands (Bonin Islands).
 The Frog King is a novel by Adam Davies published in 2002. It was his first published effort.
 The Hatchet (orig. Romanian: Baltagul) is a 1930 crime novel novel written by Mihail Sadoveanu. The main character of the novel is the wife of a shepard living in the Moldavian village of Măgura Tarcăului Vitoria Lipan which has a premonition that her husband Nechifor on a trip to buy a new flock in the town of Dorna has died.
 Stars (newspaper) is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 One Jump Ahead is a 1972 novel by Canadian writer Anthony Armstrong. It was his last published work.
 Bumageddon: The Final Pongflict (retitled Butt Wars: The Final Conflict in the U.S.) is the final book in Andy Griffiths' Bum trilogy following The Day My Bum Went Psycho and Zombie Bums from Uranus. The book details the events of a young boy called Zack and his adventures to finish the bums once and for all.
 Damnation Crusade is a six-issue comic book limited series from Boom! Studios written by Dan Abnett and Ian Edginton.Set in the fictional world of Warhammer 40000 it is a vision of never-ending war. Its storyline follows several different Space Marines of the Black Templars chapter.
 The Last Dickens is a novel by Matthew Pearl published by Random House. It is a work of historical and literary fiction. The novel is a Washington Post Critics' Pick.[citation needed] It contains some characters from The Dante Club.
 Singapore: The Encyclopedia is a 640-page encyclopedia about Singapore covering its history geography arts and politics. It is jointly produced by the National Heritage Board and Editions Didier Millet . While the volume is not the first to focus exclusively on Singapore it is claimed to be the most comprehensive work of its kind.
 The Man from Barbarossa first published in 1991 was the eleventh novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond. Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.More so than any previous Bond novel The Man from Barbarossa acknowledges then-current world events.
 The Daily Leader is a daily newspaper published in Pontiac Illinois United States. Current owner GateHouse Media purchased roughly 160 daily and weekly newspapers from Hollinger in 1997.In addition to the daily product GateHouse also publishes two weekly newspapers in The Daily Leader's coverage area: the Home Times of Flanagan and The Blade of Fairbury.The daily paper also covers Chenoa El Paso and Dwight.
 Unico (ユニコ Yuniko) is a manga and anime character by Osamu Tezuka.
 Race Against Time is the 66 novel in the Nancy Drew mystery series by Carolyn Keene. It was published by Wanderer Books an imprint of Simon & Schuster in 1982. It has 20 chapters and over 200 pages.It is also a title in the Nancy Drew Girl Detective series.
 The Washington Times-Herald was an American daily newspaper published in Washington D.C. It was created by Eleanor Josephine Medill Patterson (Cissy Patterson 1881-1948) (of the Medill-McCormick-Patterson family which were long-time owners of the Chicago Tribune and the trend-setting New York Daily News and founding later Newsday on New York's Long Island) when she bought the Herald and the Times from the syndicate newspaper publisher William Randolph Hearst (1863-1951) and merged them.
 Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea is a juvenile adventure novel written by L. Frank Baum famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. The book was Baum's first effort at writing specifically for an audience of adolescent boys a market he would pursue in the coming years of his career. The novel was first published in 1906 under the pen name Capt. Hugh Fitzgerald one of Baum's multiple pseudonyms.
 Businessworld is an Indian business magazine published by Ananda Publishers whose most prominent publication is The Telegraph Businessworld offices are located in New DelhiBusinessworld is one of the oldest as well as most respected business publications in the country. It was born in 1981 and over the past three decades it has become known for its rigorously reported and deeply analysed reports and articles on the economy banking finance industries corporate houses and entrepreneurs.
 Paper magazine is a New York City–based independent magazine focusing on fashion pop-culture nightlife music art and film. Past cover models include Katy Perry Prince Fergie Mariah Carey and The Scissor Sisters. In 2009 for its 25th anniversary Paper had five different covers featuring 25 25-year-olds such as Taylor Hanson and Kid Cudi.
 Bahrain Mirror (Arabic: مرآة البحرين) is an Arabic- and English-language e-newspaper run by dissidents in Bahrain.
 The Shape of Sola Scriptura is a 2001 book by Reformed Christian theologian Keith Mathison. Mathison investigates the development of Sola Scriptura from the days of the early church to the fourth-century assault on it from its recovery during the Protestant Reformation to the relativism and individualism that permeates it in present-day teaching.
 The WWE Encyclopedia is a reference book featuring in-depth knowledge surrounding the leading organization in professional wrestling World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). The book covers the 45-year history of WWE and features a comprehensive A-Z listing of nearly 1000 former and current wrestlers from as early as the 1960s to the present day. The book also contains official listings for title histories television and pay-per-view events most notably a detailed history of WrestleMania.
 For the Memoir by Farah Ahmedi See The Other Side of the Sky: A MemoirThe Other Side of the Sky (ISBN 0-451-14937-8) is a collection of short stories by science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke originally published in 1958. The stories all originally appeared in a number of different publications.
 Publications of the Astronomical Society of Japan is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of astronomy published by the Astronomical Society of Japan on a bimonthly basis. The journal was established in 1949. The current editor-in-chief is T. Shigeyama.
 The Change We Choose: Speeches 2007–2009 is a book of speeches by Gordon Brown. It was published by Mainstream Publishing on 1 April 2010 about a month before Brown resigned as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.In August 2010 the conservative Daily Telegraph newspaper reported that the book had been a commercial failure selling only thirty-two copies. According to the Handelsblatt the book was already sold heavily discounted at that time.
 Broken is the seventh book in the Grant County series by author Karin Slaughter. It was originally released in hardback in June 2010. The previous books in the series are Blindsighted Kisscut A Faint Cold Fear Indelible Faithless and Beyond Reach.These books feature the characters Sara Linton Will Trent and Lena Adams. The audio book version is narrated by Natalie Ross.
 The Tin Can Tree is a 1965 novel by Anne Tyler.
 Golokdham Rahasya is a Bengali detective story written by famous film director and writer Satyajit Ray featuring private detective Feluda.
 Truman is a 1992 biography of the 33rd President of the United States Harry S. Truman written by popular historian David McCullough. The book won the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography. The book was later made into a movie with the same name by HBO.
 Language And Speech is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Linguistics Experimental Psychology Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology. The journal's editors are Michael Vitevitch (University of Kansas) and Joan Sereno (University of Kansas). It has been in publication since 1958 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Creative Loafing is a U.S. city newsweekly serving the Atlanta metropolitan area covering local news politics arts entertainment food music and events. Its weekly print circulation is 80000 and its cumulative readership in print and through the website clatl.com over a four-week period is 535778 according to The Media Audit survey from Aug. - Sept.
 The Gurkha's Daughter is a collection of short stories by Prajwal Parajuly describing and dramatizing the experiences of the Nepalese people and the Nepalese diaspora. The Hindustan Times described it as best short story collection you have read in a while.
 The Journal for General Philosophy of Science / Zeitschrift für allgemeine Wissenschaftstheorie is a scientific journal publishing contributions from all areas of philosophy of science and about all philosophical topics relevant to the sciences and the humanities.
 Space Opera is a 1996 anthology of science fiction short stories and novelettes edited by Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Scarborough.
 Just My Luck (僕らの運勢 Bokura no Unsei Our Luck) is a yaoi manga by Temari Matsumoto. It is one volume with three different one-shot stories and couples. The first is about a teacher and student relationship the second a toymaker and an android and the third a school nurse and a student. The manga was licensed in the United States by BLU the Boys Love branch of TokyoPop in October 2007.
 Memorial Day is Vince Flynn's sixth novel and the fifth to feature Mitch Rapp an American CIA agent that works for the counterterrorism unit Orion Team.
 The Pandora Principle is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Carolyn Clowes.
 Knight Life (ISBN 0-441-01077-6) is an Arthurian fantasy novel by Peter David. The book was first published in 1987 and an expanded updated edition of the book was published by Ace Books in 2002.
 Freedom™ the sequel to Daemon is the second of a two-part novel by the author Daniel Suarez about a distributed persistent computer application known as The Daemon that begins to change the real world after the original programmer's death.
 Ecology and Law (Экология и Право) is a quarterly magazine published by the St. Petersburg branch of the Environmental Rights Center Bellona. Lina Grain has been its editor-in-chief since 2008. It commenced publication in 2002.
 'Brian's Hunt' is a 2003 young Adult novel by Gary Paulsen. It is the fifth and final book in the award-winning Hatchet series which deals with Brian Robeson a boy who learns wilderness survival when he is stranded after a plane wreck.
 Handling the Undead (Swedish: Hanteringen av odöda) is a 2005 horror novel by Swedish writer John Ajvide Lindqvist translated into English in 2009.
 The Journal of Service Research (JSR) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research papers in the field of business studies. The journal focuses on publishing interdisciplinary research spanning fields of service management. The present Editor-in-Chief is Mary Jo Bitner (Arizona State University). The prior Editors-in-Chief were Katherine Lemon (Boston College) A. Parasuraman (University of Miami) and Roland Rust (University of Maryland).
 The Journal of Texture Studies is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research on the texture and sensory perception of food and other consumer products. In 2011 the journal redefined its scope to better reflect the broadening and increasingly interdisciplinary nature of texture and sensory perception research. The journal was established in 1969 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
 Divagations is an 1897 prose collection by the French writer Stéphane Mallarmé. The book introduces the idea of critical poems a mixture between critical essays and prose poems. The book is divided into two parts first a series of prose poems and then the actual divagations - wanderings or ravings.
 Up Till Now: The Autobiography is a 2008 autobiography by actor William Shatner with David Fisher. In the book Shatner discusses several aspects of his life including his childhood early career struggles time starring on Star Trek his career after Star Trek and his marriages.
 Affinity is a 1999 historical fiction novel by Sarah Waters. It is the author's second novel following Tipping the Velvet and followed by Fingersmith.
 The FEBS Journal is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Federation of European Biochemical Societies. Before 2005 the journal was known as the European Journal of Biochemistry which itself was a new name for the Biochemische Zeitschrift that was adopted in 1967. It covers research on all aspects of biochemistry molecular biology cell biology and the molecular bases of disease.
 Dororo (どろろ) is a Japanese manga series from the critically acclaimed manga creator Osamu Tezuka in the late 1960s. The anime television series (1969) based on the manga consists of 26 half-hour episodes. It was made into a live-action film in 2007.During the late 1960s manga featuring goblins was popular among kids. Dororo was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday for three years.Tezuka's childhood memory of his friends pronouncing dorobou (どろぼう lit.
 Top of the Morning: Inside the Cutthroat World of Morning TV is a 2013 non-fiction book by American journalist Brian Stelter. The book was first published on April 23 2013 through Grand Central Publishing and centers on the world of morning television.
 When You Are Engulfed in Flames is a collection of essays by bestselling American humorist David Sedaris. It was released on June 3 2008.
 The Public and its Problems is a 1927 book by American philosopher John Dewey. In this work Dewey touches upon major political philosophy questions that have continued into the 21st century specifically: can democracy work in the modern era? Is there such a thing as a public of democratic citizens or is the public a phantom as journalist Walter Lippmann argued in his 1925 book The Phantom Public (and to which The Public and its Problems was a direct response).
 Apt. 3 is a 1971 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.The sound of a harmonica floats through the halls of Sam and Ben’s tenement. The sweet melodies inspire the brothers to explore the building which is filled with the sounds and smells of a diverse city. Finally the brothers find the source of the beautiful music along with a blind man who “sees” with his ears and the search ends in a new friendship.
 Lucifer's Hammer is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle first published in 1977. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1978. A comic book adaptation was published by Innovation Comics in 1993.
 The Terrible Privacy of Maxwell Sim is the ninth novel by British author Jonathan Coe first published in the UK on 27 May 2010. It has a picaresque plot told by the title character in the first person as he journeys first from Australia to his home in Watford England and then on a promotional race for a toothbrush manufacturer to a remote chemist in the Shetland Islands.
 Necratoholic (ネクラートホリック Nekurātohoriku) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Maguro Wasabi. The manga was published in Libre Publishing's manga magazine Be x Boy. Libre Publishing released the manga's tankōbon volume on October 10 2006. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on April 8 2008.
 The Cider House Rules is a 1985 novel by John Irving. It is Irving's sixth published novel and has been adapted into a film of the same name and a stage play by Peter Parnell.
 Tatakau Shisho (戦う司書 lit. Fighting Librarians) is a Japanese light novel series written by Ishio Yamagata and illustrated by Shigeki Maeshima. The series started with the release of the first volume on September 22 2005 and as of January 22 2010 ten volumes have been published by Shueisha under their Super Dash Bunko label. A manga adaptation by Kokonotsu Shinohara was serialized in Shueisha's Internet-based manga magazine Ultra Jump Egg between March 2008 and October 2009.
 Perceiving God is a 1991 book by William Alston one of his chief works in the philosophy of religion.
 Stone Cold is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the fourth in his Jesse Stone series.
 A Golden Age is the first novel of the Bangladesh born writer Tahmima Anam. It tells the story of the Bangladesh War of Independence through the eyes of one family. The novel was awarded the prize for Best First Book in the Commonwealth Writers' Prize 2008. It was also shortlisted for the 2007 Guardian First Book Award. The first chapter of the novel appeared in the January 2007 edition of Granta magazine.
 The Atlas is a 1996 semi-autobiographical work by American novelist William T. Vollmann.A mixture of fiction and non-fiction this book was drawn from Vollmann's experiences traveling around the world. He relates these experiences through 53 interconnected stories that weave their way through the novel.Vollmann has said that Yasunari Kawabata's Palm-of-the-Hand Stories were an important influence on the structure of the collection.
 The Juba Post (also: The Juba Post Newspaper) is an independent English-language newspaper in South Sudan. It currently has offices in both Juba and Khartoum. It is the first independent newspaper of South Sudan based in Juba the capital of the Republic of South Sudan. The newspaper is owned by the Juba Media Company. The Chairman of the Board of Directors is Charles Rehan Surur. In 2011 the newspaper had a circulation of 2500 biweekly issues.
 The Variable Man is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Ace Books in 1957. The stories had originally appeared in the magazines Space Science Fiction Fantastic Universe and Galaxy Science Fiction
 God of Carnage (originally Le Dieu du carnage) is a play by Yasmina Reza. It is about two pairs of parents one of whose children has hurt the other at a public park who meet to discuss the matter in a civilized manner. However as the evening goes on the parents become increasingly childish resulting in the evening devolving into chaos. The play was a success in its original language French and has been equally acclaimed in English-translated productions in both London and New York.
 The Serpent and the Rainbow is a book written by ethnobotanist and researcher Wade Davis and published in 1985. He investigated Haitian Vodou and the process of making zombies. He studied ethnobotanical poisons discovering their use in a reported case of a contemporary zombie Clairvius Narcisse.
 Murder by the Book is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published in 1951 by the Viking Press and collected in the omnibus volume Royal Flush (1965).
 Alive: The Story of the Andes Survivors is a 1974 book by the British writer Piers Paul Read documenting the events of Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571.
 Love in the Time of Cholera (Spanish: El amor en los tiempos del cólera) is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning Colombian author Gabriel García Márquez first published in Spanish in 1985. Alfred A. Knopf published an English translation in 1988 and an English-language movie adaptation was released in 2007.
 In the book Seven Years of Highly Defective People Dilbert cartoonist Scott Adams explains the origins and evolution of many of the Dilbert characters and he includes comments under each comic strip reprinted in the book. In his introduction Adams says Some of the notes are fascinating insights into the world of cartooning.
 The Iron Man: A Children's Story in Five Nights is a 1968 science fiction novel by Ted Hughes the British Poet Laureate first published by Faber and Faber in the U.K. with illustrations by George Adamson.
 The Master of Disguise is the fourth novel in the Jedi Quest series by Jude Watson.
 The Planet Savers is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published in book form in English by Ace Books in 1962 dos-à-dos with Bradley's novel The Sword of Aldones. The story first appeared in the November 1958 issue of the magazine Amazing Stories.
 London Labour and the London Poor is a work of Victorian journalism by Henry Mayhew. In the 1840s he observed documented and described the state of working people in London for a series of articles in a newspaper the Morning Chronicle that were later compiled into book form.Mayhew went into deep almost pedantic detail concerning the trades habits religion and domestic arrangements of the thousands of people working the streets of the city.
 The Morningside World of Stuart McLean (1989) is a collection of radio essays that first aired on CBC Radio's national weekday morning show Morningside hosted by Peter Gzowski. In the 1980s Stuart McLean appeared as a regular contributor and occasional host on the show and his slice-of-life storytelling charmed listeners across the country. The book became a Canadian bestseller.
 The Prague Post is an English language online newspaper covering the Czech Republic and Central and Eastern Europe. Until 2013 it was published weekly.It is the only English-language newspaper in the Czech Republic. Its target audience includes English-speaking expatriates living in the Czech Republic or neighboring countries Czech readers seeking news from an international perspective and tourists visiting the Czech Republic.
 Reheated Cabbage is a collection of short stories by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh. It was released in the United Kingdom in July 2009.The collection is made up of rare works previously published in magazines and out-of-print anthologies including a Christmas dinner with Trainspotting's psychotic Francis Begbie science fiction tale The Rosewell Incident and a story following Terry Juice Lawson in Florida.
 The Miami News was the dominant evening newspaper in Miami Florida for most of the 20th century its chief concurrent competitor being the morning-edition of The Miami Herald. The paper started publishing in May 1896 as a weekly called The Miami Metropolis. The Metropolis had become a daily (except Sunday) paper of eight pages by 1903. On June 4 1923 former Ohio governor James Middleton Cox bought the Metropolis and renamed it the Miami Daily News-Metropolis.
 Forge of War is a five-issue American comic book limited series from Boom! Studios written by Dan Abnett and Ian Edginton.Set in the high-fantasy world of Warhammer Fantasy it follows several characters of the Averland army a county within the Empire and their conflict against the forces of Chaos.
 Minds and Machines is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering artificial intelligence philosophy and cognitive science.The journal was established in 1991 with James Henry Fetzer as founding editor-in-chief. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Society for Machines and Mentality a special interest group within the International Association for Computing and Philosophy. The current editor-in-chief is Gregory Wheeler (New University of Lisbon).
 Scorpions is a young adult novel written by Walter Dean Myers first published in the United States by Harper & Row on June 20 1988.
 Theekkathir is a Tamil newspaper and the organ of the Tamil Nadu State Committee of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). Theekkathir published from Madurai Chennai Coimbatore and Tiruchirappalli.
 The Healing of America: A Global Quest for Better Cheaper and Fairer Health Care is a New York Times bestseller from journalist T.R. Reid. The book gives of an overview of health care systems in several different countries and contrasts them with the health care model followed in the United States. The countries whose systems are discussed are: France Germany Japan the United Kingdom Canada and a specific example from India.
 The ACM Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal on programming languages published by the Association for Computing Machinery since 1979. The current editor-in-chief is Jens Palsberg.
 Jungle Action is the name of two comic book series published by Marvel Comics and its 1950s precursor Atlas Comics. The latter-day version is the first series starring the Black Panther the first black superhero in mainstream comics created by the writer/artist team of Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in Fantastic Four #52 (July 1966).
 Yuganthaya (Sinhala The end of an era) is a novel written by Sri Lankan writer Martin Wickremasinghe and first published in 1949. It is the third and last part of Wickremasinghe's trilogy that began with Gamperaliya followed by Kaliyugaya. The novel was made into a movie in 1983 by Lester James Peries.
 Never Dream of Dying first published in 2001 was the seventh novel by Raymond Benson featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond (including film novelizations). Carrying the Ian Fleming Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.
 Kun nainen hallitsi rakasti ja vihasi (Finnish: When a Woman Ruled Loved and Hated) is a collection book of historical short stories about European female monarchs by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Kilobaud Microcomputing was a magazine dedicated to the computer homebrew hobbyists from the end of the 1970s until the beginning of the 1980s.
 Quincas Borba is a novel written by the Brazilian writer Machado de Assis. It was first published in 1891. It is also known in English as Philosopher or Dog?
 Men at Birth is an award-winning book from Australian writer David Vernon.The book is an edited anthology of birth experiences written by men. The experiences described are diverse ranging from caesarean births and VBAC births to births that take place at home and in a birth centre or labour ward.Steve Biddulph stated: On a big journey into the unknown you need people who have been there who know the practicalities as well as the emotions new and strange that go with it.
 Paico Illustrated Classics was a series of Indian comic books featuring adaptations of literary classics such as Moby Dick Hamlet and The Iliad published in the mid-1980s. Published by Pai and Company (abbreviated as PAICO) in various Indian languages and English the Paico Classics series was part of an association between academic publisher Pendulum Press based in the United States of America; and Paico based in Kochi India.
 Deep Water is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Jedi Twilight is the first book in Michael Reaves' series Coruscant Nights set in the Dark Times.
 Brother Cadfael's Penance is a medieval mystery novel set in the autumn of 1145 by Ellis Peters. It is the last novel in the Cadfael Chronicles first published in 1994 (1994 in literature).When a rebellion arises in the north Cadfael leaves the cloister to save two who are dear to him. One is the son he has not yet acknowledged held prisoner by a disillusioned knight.
 Rough Ride is a William Hill Sports Book of the Year written by Irish journalist Paul Kimmage in 1990.It is an autobiography that charts the author's upbringing in Dublin and his obsession with cycling which started with his father being a top-level Irish amateur. Paul Kimmage was Irish junior champion before riding for an amateur squad in Paris and becoming a professional with a French team RMO in 1986. He rode the Tour de France in 1986 1987 and 1989.
 Ziarul Financiar is a daily financial newspaper published in Bucharest Romania. Aside from business information it features sections focusing on careers and properties as well as a special Sunday newspaper. Ziarul Financiar also publishes Transylvanian Proprietati Ziarul de duminica Profesii Dupa afaceri supplements and a monthly magazine go4it! which is provided freely to the newspaper's subscribers.
 Shura no Mon (修羅の門) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masatoshi Kawahara. It was serialized in Kodansha's Monthly Shōnen Magazine from April 1987 to November 1996. The individual chapters were collected and published into 31 tankōbon volumes published between October 1987 and May 1997.
 The Daily Aaj (Urdu: روزنامہ آج‎) is an Urdu language newspaper simultaneously being published from Peshawar Islamabad and Abbottabad in Pakistan since 1989.
 Pastel (ぱすてる Pasuteru) is a shōnen manga by Toshihiko Kobayashi and published in the U.S. by Del Rey Manga. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine then moved to Magazine Special in 2003. From chapter 50 and onwards it is in monthly magazine format. The story follows a similar plot to Kobayashi's earlier work Parallel.
 The Third Policeman is a novel by Irish writer Brian O'Nolan writing under the pseudonym Flann O'Brien. It was written between 1939 and 1940 but after it initially failed to find a publisher the author withdrew the manuscript from circulation and claimed he had lost it. The book remained unpublished until his death in 1966. It was printed by MacGibbon & Kee in 1967.
 Me Talk Pretty One Day published in 2000 is a bestselling collection of essays by American humorist David Sedaris. The book is separated into two parts. The first part consists of essays about Sedaris’s life before his move to Normandy France including his upbringing in suburban Raleigh North Carolina his time working odd jobs in New York City and a visit to New York from a childhood friend and her bumpkinish girlfriend.
 Torikaebaya Monogatari (とりかへばや物語 literally If only I could exchange them! story) translated into English as The Changelings is a Japanese tale from the late Heian period (794 to 1185) by an unknown author or possibly more than one author. It is four volumes in length.It is the tale of two siblings whose mannerisms are those of the opposite sex and their relationships in the Emperor's court. It has been adapted as a novel two different manga series and a Takarazuka Revue play.
 Infidel (first published 2007) a New York Times bestseller is the autobiography of Ayaan Hirsi Ali originally written in English together with an English-language ghost-writer. Because of publisher agreements the book first appeared in a Dutch translation as Mijn Vrijheid (My Freedom) released on September 29 2006. It was released in English by Free Press on February 1 2007. Out of consideration for her personal safety the book's female ghostwriter remains anonymous.
 As For Me and My House (1941) by Canadian author Sinclair Ross was first published by the American company Reynal and Hitchcock with little fanfare. Its 1957 Canadian re-issue by McClelland & Stewart as part of their New Canadian Library line began its canonization mostly in university classrooms.
 The Journal of the American Musicological Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal and an official journal of the American Musicological Society. It is published by University of California Press and covers all aspects of musicology.The Journal of the American Musicological Society has been published three times a year since 1948. It was preceded by the annual Bulletin of the American Musicological Society (1936–1947) and the annual Papers of the American Musicological Society (1936–1941).
 To Build a Fire is the title of two short stories by American author Jack London published in 1902 and 1908. The 1908 story has become an often anthologized classic; the 1902 story describes a similar situation but has a different less memorable plot. The 1908 To Build a Fire is an oft-cited example of the naturalist movement that portrays the conflict of man vs. nature. It also reflects what London learned in the Yukon Territory.
 QEX is a bimonthly magazine published by the American Radio Relay League. The magazine covers topics related to amateur radio and radiocommunication experimentation. The magazine features advanced technical articles on the theory design and construction of radio antennas and equipment. The magazine is published in English and has a worldwide subscription base.QEX began in December 1981 as a magazine carrying the subtitle ARRL Experimenter's Exchange.
 Mahars of Pellucidar is a 1976 novel written by John Eric Holmes the first of his Pellucidar pastiches first published by Ace Books in 1976.Set in Edgar Rice Burroughs' imaginary interior world of Pellucidar the book features a species of intelligent flying reptiles (Mahars) invented by Burroughs in his first Pellucidar novel At the Earth's Core. Holmes' human protagonist Christopher West was named in honor of his own son Christopher West Holmes.
 Canto General is Pablo Neruda's tenth book of poems. It was first published in Mexico in 1950 by Talleres Gráficos de la Nación. Neruda began to compose it in 1938.Canto General (General Song) consists of 15 sections 231 poems and more than 15000 lines. This work attempts to be a history or encyclopedia of the entire American Western Hemisphere or New World from a Hispanic American perspective.
 The Bird of Night is a novel by Susan Hill. It won the 1972 Whitbread Award and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize. Susan Hill commented in 2006: A novel of mine was shortlisted for Booker and won the Whitbread Prize for Fiction. It was a book I have never rated. I don't think it works though there are a few good things in it. I don't believe in the characters or the story.
 The Charleston Daily Mail is a Pulitzer Prize winning Monday-Friday morning newspaper in Charleston West Virginia.
 Constance published in 1982 and sub-titled Solitary Practices is the central volume of the five novels of Lawrence Durrell's The Avignon Quintet. Although the first chapter continues in Avignon where the previous novel Livia left off and details Constance's blossoming relationship with Sam the clouds of war are looming and with it the breakup of the group whose last summer together there was depicted in Livia. Blandford takes up a post in Egypt kindly offered to him by the Prince.
 People Like Us published in 2007 is a book authored by the Muslim Australian academic musician and former commercial lawyer Waleed Aly.
 Books of Blood are a series of horror fiction collections written by the British author Clive Barker.There are six books in total each simply subtitled Volume 1 through to Volume 6 and were subsequently re-published in two omnibus editions containing three volumes each. Each volume contains four or five stories. The volume 1–3 omnibus was published with a foreword by Barker's fellow Liverpudlian horror writer Ramsey Campbell.They were published between 1984 and 1985.
 Peter's Key is a 2012 non-fiction book by Declan Dunne. It was published through Mercier Press on 17 September 2012. Peter's Key recounts the story of Peter Deloughry who arranged to help free Éamon de Valera from Lincoln Prison during the Irish War of Independence. The book took Declan Dunne and help from others four years to write citing his inspiration to write the book stemmed from his noticing that few people had covered Deloughry's life. Declan Dunne is a grandson of Peter Deloughry.
 The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict is a novel by American author Trenton Lee Stewart. It is a prequel to The Mysterious Benedict Society taking place during the troubled childhood of Nicholas Benedict. An 9 year old orphan and genius who has a great gift of knowing more things than most adults would even think possible.
 John Bull's Adventures in the Fiscal Wonderland is a novel by Charles Geake and Francis Carruthers Gould written in 1904 and published by Methuen & Co. of London. It is a political parody of Lewis Carroll's two books Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. The book features 48 drawings after the originals by John Tenniel which were drawn by Francis Carruthers Gould. It is critical of the economic politics of the day which John Bull tries to make sense of.
 Linux User & Developer is a monthly magazine about Linux and related Free and open source software published by Imagine PublishingLinux User & Developer is a UK magazine written specifically for Linux professionals and IT decision makers. It is available worldwide in newsagents or via subscription and it can be downloaded via Zinio or Apple's Newsstand
 The Knight Templar (Swedish: Tempelriddaren) is the second book in Jan Guillou's The Knight Templar (Crusades trilogy) book series. This book follows the fictional character of Arn Magnusson as a Knight Templar in the kingdom of Jerusalem. The book starts in Arn's 27th year and ends as he departs the holy lands.At the age of 27 Arn is already a veteran in the Crusader army when he faces the strangest experience a Knight Templar can have.
 How Firm a Foundation is the fifth book in the Safehold science fiction novel series by David Weber and published by Tor Books on September 13 2011. The novel debuted at #8 on the New York Times hardcover fiction best seller list. The title of the novel comes from the hymn of the same name.
 Cyclic Defrost is an Australian specialist electronic music magazine. It was founded and edited by Sebastian Chan with current editors Bob Baker Fish Chris Downton and Peter Hollo. It covers independent electronic music avant-rock experimental sound art and left field hip hop.The magazine started as a photocopied zine in 1998 as an offshoot of the weekly Sydney club night Frigid run by Chan and co-editor/designer Dale Harrison.
 Madea's Family Reunion is an American play written by Tyler Perry. It stars Tyler Perry as Madea Quan Howell as Reverend Lewis Sonya Evans as Lisa D'Atra Hicks as Jackie and Tamela Mann as Cora.
 The Art of Avatar: James Cameron's Epic Adventure is a film production art book released on November 30 2009 by Abrams Books.The book is an official movie tie-in for the film Avatar and features some of the concept artwork used in the production of the film. The main author is Lisa Fitzpatrick. Producer Jon Landau wrote the foreword James Cameron wrote the epilogue and director Peter Jackson wrote the preface.
 2512 is a monthly news magazine published in Réunion. Its name refers to the size in square kilometres of this French overseas department which is located in the Indian Ocean.
 The Los Angeles Times is a daily newspaper published in Los Angeles California since 1881. It was the largest metropolitan newspaper in circulation in the United States in 2008 and the fourth most widely distributed newspaper in the country. In 2000 the Tribune Company parent company of the Chicago Tribune and the area's KTLA purchased the Los Angeles Times.
 Half-Blood Blues (styled without the hyphen in the UK edition) is a fictional work written by Canadian writer Esi Edugyan and first published in June 2011 by Serpent’s Tail. The book's dual narrative centers around Sidney Sid Griffiths a journeyman blues bassist. Griffiths' friend and bandmate Hieronymus Hiero Falk is caught on the wrong side of 1939 Nazi ideology and is essentially lost to history.
 The Plantation was the first novel by Chris Kuzneski. First published in 2002 it introduced the characters of Jonathon Payne and David Jones who have been featured in all of Kuzneski's thrillers. The book was endorsed by several notable authors including James Patterson Nelson DeMille Lee Child and James Rollins.Berkley Books re-released an updated version of The Plantation in July 2009 featuring several new scenes.
 Construct Ireland was an award-winning English language Irish magazine focusing on sustainable and ecological architecture and construction. It was first published in January 2003. Due to a decision by the publishers to rebrand and expand internationally the title was discontinued in 2012 with the final issue being published in August of that year. The rebranded magazine was launched in October 2012 under the title Passive House Plus.
 B.P.R.D. Hell on Earth: New World is the first trade paperback collection in the Hell on Earth cycle of the B.P.R.D. series.
 Abitare published monthly in Milan Italy is one of the world's best known design magazines.
 Fall in Love Like a Comic! (まんがみたいな恋したいっ! Manga Mitaina Koishitai!) is a shōjo manga by Chitose Yagami. It was serialized in Ciao magazine published by Shogakukan in Japan. The series has been licensed in North America by Viz Media and was released on October 2 2007. The sequel Zoku Manga Mitaina Koi Shitai! (続まんがみたいな恋したいっ!) was released on October 1 2004 also published by Shogakukan and it was released in English under the title Fall in Love Like a Comic! vol.
 Summon the Thunder is the second novel in the Star Trek: Vanguard series revolving around the Federation Starbase 47 otherwise known as Vanguard.
 A Certain Slant of Light is a 2005 young adult horror novel by author Laura Whitcomb. The book was first published on September 21 2005 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt's Graphia imprint. Film rights for A Certain Slant of Light have been optioned by Summit Entertainment.
 The Pyramid (1990) (Russian: Пирамида-1 Romanized: Piramida) is a thriller novel by famous Soviet special investigator deputy of Soviet Parliament Telman Gdlyan and professional writer Evgeny Dodolev about Soviet Mafia. The very first Soviet book about corruption. The book allegedly exposed ties between Leonid Brezhnev's family Sharof Rashidov and the Soviet Mafia.
 Metropolis is a monthly magazine about architecture and design with a focus on sustainability. It is based in New York and has been published since 1981.The magazine was nominated for 2007 and 2008 National Magazine Awards in the 100000-and-under circulation category for General Excellence.
 For Love & Money: Writing Reading Travelling 1968 - 1987 is a book by Jonathan Raban. As the author states in the opening chapter it is partly a collection of case-histories of his writing career over twenty years as a professional writer (with the book being dedicated to his parents Peter and Monica Raban).
 The Bighead is a horror novel by writer Edward Lee released in 1997. It concerns The Bighead a mentally challenged inbred psychopath afflicted with hydrocephalus raging out in the Virginia backwoods raping and killing whatever comes his way and a sex-and-drug-addicted rebel named Jerrica. The book is noted for being one of the most graphic and disturbing horror novels ever penned and has often been called the grossest book ever written.
 What to Do After You Hit Return or P.C.C.'s First Book of Computer Games is the first computer game book written by Howie Franklin Marc LeBrun Dave Kaufman and others at People's Computer Company in 1975. It was published by Hayden in 1977 and then by SAMS in 1980 (ISBN 0810454769).The book contains several educational programs in BASIC and encourages playing games in the classroom without using the computer to teach children how the programming language works.
 The Little Walls is a crime novel by Winston Graham. It won the very first Gold Dagger then called Crossed Red Herring Award awarded by the Crime Writers' Association in 1955. The authorized abridgement was published in USA in 1955 as Bridge to Vengeance.
 Until Death Do Us Part (死がふたりを分かつまで Shi ga Futari wo Wakatsu made) is a manga that started its serialization on Young Gangan Magazine's December 2005 issue. It's written by Hiroshi Takashige and is drawn by DOUBLE-S. Currently 19 volumes have been published. The story centers around a young girl with strong precognitive abilities. Due to these abilities she is held hostage by a Yakuza group looking to make a profit off of them.
 The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine is a non-fiction book by Michael Lewis about the build-up of the housing and credit bubble during the 2000s. The book was released on March 15 2010 by W. W. Norton & Company. It spent 28 weeks on the New York Times best-seller list.
 The Brides of March is a memoir by American writer Beren deMotier.Published in 2007 The Brides of March a narrative non-fiction tale of getting married celebrated constitutionally banned and annulled in Oregon is a brides’ eye view of a “giddy leap through a legal window straight onto the barbecue pit of public debate.”Author Beren deMotier tells it like it was Oregon Ballot Measure 36 (2004) and is as California's Proposition 8 puts same-sex married couples in legal limbo.
 The Pleasure of Finding Things Out is a collection of short works from American physicist Richard Feynman including interviews speeches lectures and printed articles. Among these is his famous 1959 lecture There's Plenty of Room at the Bottom his report on the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster and his speech on scientific integrity in which he coined the term cargo cult science.
 Sizwe Banzi Is Dead (originally produced and published as: Sizwe Bansi is Dead) is a play by Athol Fugard written collaboratively with two South African actors John Kani and Winston Ntshona both of whom appeared in the original production. Its world première occurred on 8 October 1972 at the Space Theatre Cape Town South Africa.
 Thottiyude Makan (Scavenger's Son) is a 1947 Malayalam novel written by Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai. The novel portrays three generations of a working class family engaged in Alleppey as scavengers. When it first appeared in India in 1947 the novel caused great controversy in its portrayal of the untouchables as people with real feelings.
 Exeposé is the official student-run newspaper of the University of Exeter. With an estimated circulation of up to 16000 Exeposé is free and published fortnightly during term time. Its sections include news features lifestyle and sport with review sections covering films books music arts and video games.Exeposé is compiled by a team of around 20 section editors headed by two editors with two deputies.
 Ghostly Tales was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1966 to 1984 (though it was primarily a reprint title from 1978 onward). The book was hosted by Mr. L. Dedd (later changed to I.M. Dedd) a middle-aged gentleman with purplish skin and horns who dressed like a vampire. Mr.
 Gunn: Spotlight is a comic based on the Angel television series. This title along with the others in IDW Publishing's Spotlight series was collected in the Angel: Spotlight trade paperback.
 The Whisperer is a fantasy novel aimed at pre-teens and teens (ages 9–14) by Fiona McIntosh.
 Becoming Naomi León is a 2005 fiction adventure and young author's 246 page coming of age novel by Pam Muñoz Ryan about a quiet half American-half Mexican girl named Naomi and her life with her great-grandmother and younger brother is peaceful.
 The Lawyer is a weekly British magazine for top Commercial Lawyers and In-House Counsel first published in 1981. It is owned by Centaur Media plc. Each year the magazine publishes a list of Europe's top 100 law firms (excluding the United Kingdom).
 When the Lion Feeds is the debut novel of Zambian writer Wilbur Smith. It introduces the Courtney family whose adventures Smith would tell in many subsequent novels. In 2012 Smith said the novel remained his favourite because it was his first.
 Leo Africanus is a 1986 novel written in French by Amin Maalouf depicting the life of a historical Renaissance-era traveler Leo Africanus.
 Under Wildwood: The Wildwood Chronicles Book Two is a 2012 children's fantasy novel by The Decemberists' singer-songwriter Colin Meloy illustrated by his wife Carson Ellis. The 576 page novel the sequel to Wildwood: The Wildwood Chronicles Book One continues the tale of Prue McKeel and her adventures in the Impassable Wilderness a fantastical version of Portland Oregon's Forest Park. The natural beauty and local color of the city figure prominently.
 Light In The Attic redirects here. For the record label see Light in the Attic Records.A Light in the Attic is a collection of poems by the American poet writer and children's author Shel Silverstein. It was first published by Harper & Row in 1981. The poems for children are accompanied by illustrations also created by Shel Silverstein.
 Street Roots is a biweekly street newspaper published in Portland Oregon United States. The paper is sold by members of the local homeless community and is published every two weeks on a Friday. Vendors receive 75 cents for every $1 paper they sell. The paper features alternative news interviews and poetry written by local journalists as well as people experiencing homelessness or working with the homeless.
 The American is a novel by Henry James originally published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1876–1877 and then as a book in 1877. The novel is an uneasy combination of social comedy and melodrama concerning the adventures and misadventures of Christopher Newman an essentially good-hearted but rather gauche American businessman on his first tour of Europe. Newman is looking for a world different from the simple harsh realities of 19th-century American business.
 Machine Man is a novel written by Max Barry. Published in 2011 it is Barry's fourth novel following 2006's Company. It was originally released as an online serial but was then updated and published as a book.
 The Star Trek Concordance is a reference book by Bjo Trimble about the television series Star Trek. It contains summaries from every episode of The Original Series and The Animated Series as well as an encyclopedia of characters and technology from the series. It was used as a reference for later writers of the show.
 Homeland is a novel by Cory Doctorow published by Tor Books. It is a sequel to Doctorow's earlier novel Little Brother. It was released in hardback on February 5 2013 and subsequently released for download under a Creative Commons license on Doctorow's website two weeks later on February 19 2013.The novel includes two afterword essays by computer security researcher and hacker Jacob Appelbaum and computer programmer and Internet activist Aaron Swartz.
 A Special Providence is a novel by American writer Richard Yates. First published in 1969 Yates' third book concerns the dual exploits of an awkward infantry soldier in World War II and his mother a deluded sculptor living in New York City.
 Elkhabar (in Arabic الخبر meaning The News) is a daily newspaper in Algeria published seven days a week in the tabloid format. It is one of the most widely read Algerian newspapers.El Khabar′s web service publishes selected news in Arabic and French with a minor section in English though often poorly translated.
 The Northern Star is a daily newspaper serving Lismore New South Wales Australia.
 Barn under månen (Children under the moon) is a series of 15 books written by Norwegian novelist Jane Mysen.
 Albert Savarus is an 1836 novel by French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac (1799–1850) and included in his series of novels (or Roman-fleuve) known as La Comédie humaine (The Human Comedy) which parodies and depicts French society in the period of the Restoration and the July Monarchy (1815–1848).
 The Land of Painted Caves is a historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel published in March 2011. It is the sequel to The Shelters of Stone – published 9 years earlier – and is the sixth and final book in the Earth's Children series. It describes Ayla's life among the Zelandonii and her training to become one of their spiritual leaders.
 Prime Evil is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Tagline: 'Infinity awaits an ancient evil'.
 Roger Fry: A Biography is a biography of Roger Fry written by Virginia Woolf.
 The Reminder (formerly The Flin Flon Daily Reminder and The Daily Reminder) is a newspaper published three times a week (Monday Wednesday and Friday) in Flin Flon Canada a city located on the border of Manitoba and Saskatchewan. It is the only locally published newspaper in the area (which includes adjacent Creighton Saskatchewan Denare Beach Saskatchewan and Cranberry Portage Manitoba).
 The Eternal Moment and Other Stories is the title of a collection of short stories by E. M. Forster first published in 1928. It contains stories written between about 1903 and 1914. Together with the stories contained in The Celestial Omnibus (1911) it was collected as Forster's Collected Short Stories in 1947. Many of these stories deal with science fiction or supernatural themes.Includes: The Machine Stops The Point of It Mr.
 Enter a Murderer is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the second novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1935. The novel is the first of the theatrical novels for which Marsh was to become famous taking its title from a line of stage direction in Macbeth and the plot concerns a murder committed during the run of a play in London.
 The Survivor is the second novel of the Samuel Carver series by English thriller writer Tom Cain released on 7 July 2008 through Bantam Press. The novel was (somewhat paradoxically) released under the title No Survivors to the American audience.
 The Argus Observer is the daily newspaper of Ontario Oregon United States.The paper was established on January 6 1897 and went through several names and owners before becoming the Argus Observer which is a reference to Argus Panoptes a creature from Greek mythology that had 100 eyes. The Argus Observer is owned by Wick Communications.
 The Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential is published by the Union of International Associations (UIA) under the direction of Anthony Judge. It is available as a three-volume book as a CD-ROM and online.The Encyclopedia was started in 1972 and now comprises more than 100000 entries and 700000 links as well as 500 pages of introductory notes and commentaries.
 The Samurai is a novel by Japanese author Shusaku Endo first published in 1980. It tells a fictionalized story of a 17th Century diplomatic mission to Nueva España by Japanese noblemen and the cultural clash that ensues. The main character is Hasekura Rokuemon.
 The Absolute published in 2001 is the 51st book in the Animorphs series written by K. A. Applegate. It is the final book (fully) narrated by Marco.
 The Mayo News is a weekly local newspaper published in Westport in Ireland. According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations the paper had an average weekly circulation of 10315 during 2005.[1] After writing several editorials on the Corrib gas controversy during her tenure editor Denise Horan will take up a position as Shell Ireland's senior communications advisor at the end of April 2009. There was a price increase recently. The paper was established in 1892.
 Mind is a British peer-reviewed academic journal currently published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Mind Association which deals with philosophy in the analytic tradition. Its institutional home is the University of York. Mind was established in 1876 by the Scottish philosopher Alexander Bain (University of Aberdeen) with his colleague and former student George Croom Robertson (University College London) as editor-in-chief.
 An Anthropologist on Mars: Seven Paradoxical Tales is a 1995 book by neurologist Oliver Sacks consisting of seven medical case histories of individuals with neurological conditions such as autism and Tourette syndrome.
 News of a Kidnapping (original Spanish title: Noticia de un secuestro) is a non-fiction book by Gabriel García Márquez. It was first published in Spanish in 1996 with an English translation released in 1997.
 The Coming Collapse of China is a book by Gordon G. Chang published in 2001 in which he argues that the Communist Party of China is the root cause of many of the country's problems.
 Westminster Theological Journal is a theological journal published by Westminster Theological Seminary and edited by Vern Poythress.
 The Mahdi is a 1982 thriller novel by Philip Nicholson writing as A. J. Quinnell. The book was published in January 1982 by William Morrow & Co and deals with political power struggles over a presumed Muslim prophet.
 Harpy Thyme is the seventeenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Naming and Necessity is a book by the philosopher Saul Kripke that was first published in 1980 and deals with the debates of proper nouns in the philosophy of language. The book is based on a transcript of three lectures given at Princeton University in 1970. The transcript was brought out originally in 1971 in The Semantics of Natural Language edited by Donald Davidson and Gilbert Harman.
 General Systems: Yearbook of the Society for General Systems Research known as General Systems is the first annual journal in the field of systems science initiated in 1956 and initially edited by Ludwig von Bertalanffy and Anatol Rapoport. Since 1998 it has been published as issue 5 of Systems Research and Behavioral Science.
 Grace is a short story by James Joyce written toward the end of 1905 and published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 Stochastic Resonance: From Suprathreshold Stochastic Resonance to Stochastic Signal Quantization is a science text with a foreword by Sergey M. Bezrukov and Bart Kosko which notably explores the relationships between stochastic resonance suprathreshold stochastic resonance stochastic quantization and computational neuroscience.
 The Fantastic Inventions of Nikola Tesla (ISBN 1873335016) is a book compiled and edited by David Hatcher Childress detailing the work of Nikola Tesla. Additional content of the book besides the patent cover pages and lectures of Tesla is provided by Childress.
 The Loveday Trials is the third in the Loveday series of books written by Kate Tremayne.
 The Story of the Latter-day Saints is a single-volume history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) by James B. Allen and Glen M. Leonard first published in 1976.
 Millennium Falcon (2008) is a novel by James Luceno about the history of the Millennium Falcon. It was originally set to be released on December 30 2008 but was pushed up to October 21 2008. At the end of the book is an introduction to the upcoming novel Outcast the first novel in the Fate of the Jedi series.
 A Pattern Language: Towns Buildings Construction is a 1977 book on architecture urban design and community livability. It was authored by Christopher Alexander Sara Ishikawa and Murray Silverstein of the Center for Environmental Structure of Berkeley California with writing credits also to Max Jacobson Ingrid Fiksdahl-King and Shlomo Angel.
 Fires of Winter is a novel by Johanna Lindsey originally published in September 1980 by Avon Books. It is the first book in the Haardrad Family Saga Series. Plot: The Viking invaders came from across an icy sea taking lady Brenna as their captive.
 Cashbox (or Cash Box) magazine was a weekly publication devoted to the music and coin-operated machine industries in the United States which was published from July 1942 to November 16 1996. It has since been revived as an online-only weekly that occasionally publishes special issues.
 Glimpses of World History a book written by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1934 is a panoramic sweep of the history of humankind. It is a collection of 196 letters on world history written from various prisons in British India between 1930–1933. The letters were written to his young daughter Indira and were meant to introduce her to world history.The letters start off with one he sends to his daughter on her birthday.
 Fablehaven: Keys to the Demon Prison is the fifth and final installment in The New York Times' bestselling Fablehaven series by Brandon Mull.
 The Removalists (1971) is a play written by Australian playwright David Williamson published by Currency Press. The main issues the play addresses are violence specifically domestic violence and the abuse of power and authority.
 The Egyptian (Sinuhe egyptiläinen Sinuhe the Egyptian) is a historical novel by Mika Waltari. It was first published in Finnish in 1945 and in an abridged English translation by Naomi Walford in 1949 apparently from Swedish rather than Finnish. So far it is the only Finnish novel to be adapted into a Hollywood film which it was in 1954.The Egyptian is the first and the most successful of Waltari's great historical novels.
 Cruising is a novel written by New York Times reporter Gerald Walker and published in 1970.The novel is about an undercover cop looking for a homosexual killer in the world of sadomasochism leather gay bars in Greenwich Village New York. While undercover he begins to gain feelings for his gay neighbor at the same time he is in a relationship.
 Main-Travelled Roads is a collection of short stories by the American author Hamlin Garland. First published in 1891 the stories are set in what the author refers to as the Middle Border the northwestern prairie states of Wisconsin Nebraska Iowa Minnesota and South Dakota.
 Utopia (Libellus vere aureus nec minus salutaris quam festivus de optimo rei publicae statu deque nova insula Utopia) is a work of fiction and political philosophy by Thomas More (1478–1535) published in 1516 in Latin. The book is a frame narrative primarily depicting a fictional island society and its religious social and political customs.
 A Cold Heart is a mystery novel by American author Jonathan Kellerman
 The Journal of Roman Archaeology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the archaeology of the Roman empire. It was established in 1988 and the publisher and editor-in-chief is J.H. Humphrey.
 Master Comics was a monthly ongoing comic book anthology series that began its 133-issue run (cover dated March 1940 – April 1953) during the 1930s and 1940s period known as the Golden Age of Comic Books. Published by Fawcett Comics it contained features starring superhero characters including Master Man in the first six issues only Bulletman Minute-Man and its best-known character Captain Marvel Jr. part of the lighthearted Marvel Family.
 Ajker Kagoj (Bengali: আজকের কাগজ Today's Paper) was a daily Bengali language newspaper published in Dhaka Bangladesh. The newspaper was launched in 1991 under the editorship of Naimul Islam Khan. The newspaper established the modern Bengali-language newspaper. It was closed in 2007.
 Elle Decor is a magazine published by Hearst Magazines who bought Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. in 2011 that focuses on home decor.
 Divya Marathi was launched in Maharashtra India. Loksatta is one of the most widely read Marathi dailies in Maharashtra today. It is published in Mumbai Pune Nagpur Aurangabad.
 Throne of the Crescent Moon is a fantasy novel by Saladin Ahmed. The book was published by DAW Books in February 2012. The book is a nominee for the 2013 Hugo Award for best novel and was nominated for the 2012 Nebula Award for Best Novel. It won the Locus Award for Best First Novel.
 Unto the Sons is a 1992 book by Gay Talese. The book traces the origins of Talese's own family beginning with his great-grandfather in Maida Italy his grandfather who immigrated to Pennsylvania and Talese's father who immigrated to the United States separately following World War I.
 Lotte no Omocha! (ロッテのおもちゃ! Rotte no Omocha! Lotte's Toy!) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yui Haga about Naoya a man brought to a magical world as a candidate for the Princess Astarotte's harem. Lotte no Omocha! began its serialization run in the July 2007 issue of Dengeki Maoh and later republished in collected volumes by ASCII Media Works.
 The Herald is a newspaper based in Everett Washington. It was previously owned by The Washington Post Company. The paper serves as a major news source for residents of Snohomish County.
 Don't Stop the Carnival is a 1965 novel by American writer Herman Wouk. It is a comedy about escaping middle-age crisis to the Caribbean a heaven that quickly turns into a hell for the main character. The novel was turned into a short-lived musical by Jimmy Buffett in 1997.
 Guerrilla Warfare (Spanish: La Guerra de Guerrillas) is a book by Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara that was written right after the Cuban Revolution and published in 1961.
 Dark Sun is a World Book Day novella in the popular CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. It fits into the series between the books The Sleepwalker and The General.
 The Special Duty Combat Unit Shinesman (特務戦隊シャインズマン Tokumu Sentai Shainzuman) is a Japanese anime OVA of two episodes. It was released in Japan on February 21 1996. It is based on the Manga comic art of Kaimu Tachibana and Hideki Sonoda and directed by Shinya Sadamitsu. The character designer was Akiharu Ishii. The video was produced by Gakken Aniplex Inc. and Movic. The film has been dubbed into English by AnimeWorks/Media Blasters and released on both Region 1 and 2 DVD.
 Public Archaeology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2000 edited by Tim Schadla-Hall and published by Maney Publishing. It covers the relationships between practical archaeology archaeological theory and cultural heritage management models and the involvement of wider civic governmental and community concerns.The journal's creation had been initiated and overseen by Peter Ucko after he took over as director of the UCL Institute of Archaeology.
 Deo Langkhui (The Divine Sword) is an Assamese novel written by Dr Rita Chowdhury. The book unveils some important aspects of then-contemporary Tiwa society and a series of their customs and traditions. The novel is based on historical evidence of then Tiwa kingdom but the main protagonist is the royal lady Chandraprabha queen of Pratapchandra. The book is a detailed account of the time of then Assam. It is full of romance conflict betrayal aggression and loyalty.
 The Wheels of If is a classic alternate history science fiction story by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the magazine Unknown Fantasy Fiction for October 1940 and first appeared in book form in de Camp's collection The Wheels of If and Other Science Fiction (Shasta 1940).
 Brute Force (2005 Copernicus Books) is a book by Matt Curtin about cryptography.In this book the author accounts his involvement in the DESCHALL Project mobilizing thousands of personal computers in 1997 in order to meet the challenge to crack a single message encrypted with DES.This was and remains one of the largest collaborations of any kind on a single project in history.The message was unencrypted on June 18 and was found to be Strong cryptography makes the world a safer place.This is also the message of Matt's book. 
 The Lost Slayer is a series of four novels written by Christopher Golden. It was later collected together in one omnibus paperback. Each was published by Pocket Books
 The Tobe Report is the print publication of Tobe a consumer-centric fashion think tank service for retailers and brands. Content includes in-depth research focused on the consumer issues that Tobe sees affecting retail in the short and long term. Reports provide perspective on what is capturing the consumer about these issues and suggestions for applying the knowledge to the current brand and retail landscape.
 Mamotte! Lollipop (まもって! ロリポップ Mamotte! Roripoppu) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Michiyo Kikuta (菊田 みちよ Kikuta Michiyo). It was serialized in the magazine Nakayoshi and published by Kodansha in Japan between February 2003 and July 2005.The story revolves around female protagonist Nina Yamada a seventh grader who accidentally swallows the Crystal Pearl thinking it was candy.
 Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years is a 1993 New York Times bestselling book of oral history written by Sarah Sadie L. Delany and A. Elizabeth Bessie Delany with Amy Hill Hearth. The sisters were the daughters of a former slave who became the first African-American elected Bishop in the Episcopal Church in the United States.
 Inside Carolina is an independent magazine and web site devoted to the University of North Carolina athletics. The site covers North Carolina football men's basketball baseball and recruiting. Its staff is composed of professional journalists who provide its readers with coverage of Tar Heel sports and recruiting. It features game reports commentary news photography and video clips.
 The Pirate's Daughter is a well regarded Mystery novel by Robert Girardi.
 Don't Tell Alfred is a novel by Nancy Mitford first published in 1960 by Hamish Hamilton. It is the third in a trilogy centered around an upper-class English family and takes place twenty years after the events of The Pursuit of Love and Love in a Cold Climate.
 New Writings in SF 18 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the eighteenth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in June 1971 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi later the same year.The book collects seven novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 Tellus Series B: Chemical and Physical Meteorology is a scientific journal that was published by Blackwell Publishing for the International Meteorological Institute in Stockholm Sweden until December 2011. From January 2012 the issues are published online by Co-action Publishing as an open access journal.
 The International Journal of Humanoid Robotics is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the development of intelligent humanoid robots both theoretical and practical with an emphasis on future projections. Some areas covered include design mental architecture kinematics visual perception and human–robot interaction. It was established in 2004 and is published by World Scientific.
 Haravgi (Greek: Χαραυγή) is a Greek language newspaper published in Cyprus since 1956. It is the mouthpiece of the Cyprus communist party AKEL (the Progressive Party of Working People). It is one of the largest newspapers on the island with a daily circulation of around 9000 copies. Other newspapers published in Cyprus are Phileleftheros Simerini and Politis.
 Jornal de Notícias (JN) (English: Journal News) is a Portuguese daily national newspaper. JN was founded in Porto on 2 June 1888 and has since become one of the most popular newspapers especially after the Carnation Revolution.Since the late 1990s JN has provided several gifts as a way to retain and attract new readers. The newspaper could offer various gifts such as collectible fascicles and cutlery.
 The Story of Lucy Gault is a novel written by William Trevor in 2002. The book is divided into three sections: the childhood middle age and older times of the girl Lucy. The story takes place in Ireland during the transition to the 21st century. It follows the protagonist Lucy and her immediate contacts. The book was shortlisted for the Booker and Whitbread Prizes in 2002. [1]
 The Clinic is a Chilean satirical/investigative newspaper founded by Patricio Fernández Chadwick in November 1998. The paper includes a wide mix of cultural criticism jokes in-depth interviews and investigative work. The name was inspired by Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet's October 1998 arrest in Britain at The London Clinic which bears the name The Clinic on its façade.
 Hop-Frog (originally Hop-Frog; Or the Eight Chained Ourangoutangs) is a short story by American writer Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1849. The title character a dwarf taken from his homeland becomes the jester of a king particularly fond of practical jokes. Taking revenge on the king and his cabinet for striking his friend and fellow dwarf Trippetta he dresses them as orangutans for a masquerade.
 Action! is the sixth volume of the Nancy Drew: Girl Detective series.
 Il Secolo XIX is an Italian newspaper published in Genoa Italy founded in March 1886 subsequently acquired by Ferdinando Maria Perrone in 1897 from Ansaldo.It is one of the first Italian newspapers to be printed in colour.On January 16 2006 its 129th anniversary the local radio Radio 19 was launched (receivable also on the Metropolitana di Genova).
 Spartan Gold is a Fargo adventure novel. The two main characters of the Fargo novels are adventurers Sam Fargo and his wife Remi. Spartan Gold is the first book of the Fargo series. The book's hardcover edition was first published September 1 2009. Other editions of this novel were released on various dates after the hardcover edition's debut.
 The Daily Athenaeum is the official student newspaper at West Virginia University. Founded in 1887 the paper draws students from all disciplines to contribute original content for publication. It is editorially independent from the university and also does not have a faculty adviser. The DA is distributed at various locations on campus as well as around Morgantown in restaurants and businesses. Content is also available online via its website.
 Distributed Computing is a peer reviewed scientific journal in the field of computer science published by Springer. The journal covers the field of distributed computing with contributions to the theory specification design and implementation of distributed systems.
 The Darkangel is the first book in The Darkangel Trilogy by American writer Meredith Ann Pierce. The book was released on 1982 as the first book of the series that ended in 1990 with the publication of The Pearl of the Soul of the World. The Darkangel was published in the United States by Atlantic Monthly Press. After its publication it was nominated for the Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature.
 Hrvatski vojnik (English: Croatian Soldier) is a Croatian military magazine published by the Croatian Ministry of Defense. Established in 1991 and billed as the first Croatian military journal the magazine regularly features articles on recent developments in military technology military history as well as news about the Croatian Armed Forces' activities at home and abroad. The magazine underwent several changes in format and frequency throughout its existence.
 Rail Business Intelligence is a fortnightly subscription newsletter for senior managers investors lawyers contractors consultants local authorities trade unionists manufacturers and service providers working in the United Kingdom's rail industry. It is published every second Thursday as a printed magazine and also in PDF electronic format.
 Concho River Review is an American literary magazine based in San Angelo Texas. The magazine was founded by Terry Dalrymple in 1987 and publishes short stories poetry creative non-fiction interviews and book reviews by or about Southwestern authors and about Southwestern themes.
 The Mountain Lion is a 1947 novel by Jean Stafford.
 The Sky People is a 2006 science fiction novel by American writer S. M. Stirling. It takes place on the planet Venus in an alternate solar system where probes from the United States of America and the Soviet Union find intelligent life and civilizations on both Venus and Mars. The book is heavily influenced by the works of writers such as Ray Bradbury Edgar Rice Burroughs Arthur C. Clarke and Larry Niven among others. The sequel In the Courts of the Crimson Kings is set on Mars.
 North & South is a monthly magazine published in New Zealand. It was founded in 1986 and famously documented the end of the Lange Labour government in 1989. Its name relates to the two main islands of New Zealand whilst alluding to the 1855 novel by Elizabeth Gaskell. The magazine's tagline is 'Thinking New Zealand'.Complaints made regarding an article about the NCEA were upheld by the New Zealand Press Council who criticised the article as unfair and unbalanced.
 Arsène Lupin Gentleman Burglar is a collection of stories by Maurice Leblanc recounting the adventures of Arsène Lupin. The first story of this collection was published in July 1905 in the magazine Je sais tout marking the first appearance of Arsène Lupin. The success of this story encouraged Maurice Leblanc to write several new ones. The collection was released on 10 June 1907.
 Holes is a 1998 young adults novel written by Louis Sachar and first published by Farrar Straus and Giroux. It won the 1998 U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literatureand the 1999 Newbery Medal for the year's most distinguished contribution to American literature for children. Originally the book was to be called Wrong Place Wrong Time Wrong Kid. It was adapted into a film by Walt Disney Pictures and released in 2003.
 Ef: A Fairy Tale of the Two (stylized as ef - a fairy tale of the two.) is a two-part Japanese adult visual novel series by Minori for Windows PCs. The first game in the series Ef: The First Tale was released on December 22 2006 and the second game Ef: The Latter Tale was released on May 30 2008. The opening video for the game was animated by Makoto Shinkai and a majority of the music was produced by Tenmon who has worked in the past with Shinkai and Minori.
 Published in 1982 Palace of the White Skunks is the second book of Reinaldo Arenas' Pentagonia.
 Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Ecological Society of America (ESA). The journal issued 10 times per year consists of peer-reviewed synthetic review articles on all aspects of ecology the environment and related disciplines as well as short high-impact research communications of broad interdisciplinary appeal.
 Friends With Boys is a 2012 graphic novel and webcomic by Faith Erin Hicks. The book was first published on February 28 2012 through First Second Books. The company who had licensed the work prior to its release in any format gave Hicks permission to post the book online as a webcomic prior to its publication.
 A Diamond Guitar is a short story by Truman Capote first published in Harper's Bazaar in 1950; it is noted as one of his better quality early short stories.
 Ivanhoe is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott published in 1820 and set in 12th-century England. Ivanhoe is sometimes credited for increasing interest in romance and medievalism; John Henry Newman claimed Scott had first turned men's minds in the direction of the middle ages while Carlyle and Ruskin made similar assertions of Scott's overwhelming influence over the revival based primarily on the publication of this novel.
 Last Contact is a science fiction short story published in 2007 by Stephen Baxter. It has been nominated for the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
 Artemis Fowl: The Seventh Dwarf is a short story in the Artemis Fowl book series by Eoin Colfer. It was published for World Book Day in 2004 and cost £1 in Britain €1 in Europe or exchangeable for one World Book Day token. It was also published as one of the short stories in The Artemis Fowl Files. In the series' chronology The Seventh Dwarf takes place between Artemis Fowl and Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident.
 Forgotten God: Reversing Our Tragic Neglect of the Holy Spirit is a 2009 Christian book written by Francis Chan the author of bestseller book Crazy Love. It is the second book written by Chan and is co-authored with Danae Yankoski. This book was published by David C. Cook and was released in the United States in September 2009.
 Australia in the Korean War 1950–53 is the official history of Australia's involvement in the Korean War. The series consists of two volumes covering Australia's strategy and diplomacy in the war and the Australian military's combat operations respectively. Both volumes were written by Dr Robert O'Neill and they were published in 1981 and 1985.
 Prescrire is a monthly medical journal in French which addresses developments in diseases medications and in medical techniques and technologies. Prescrire contains no advertising but is internally financed by subscriptions and the sale of various personnel training. It was among the first to warn against the dangers of Mediator.Prescrire also publishes an internationale edition in English titled Prescrire International.
 The Pure Weight of the Heart is Antonella Gambotto-Burke's first novel and third book. It peaked at number six on The Sydney Morning Herald bestseller list. Published by Orion Publishing in London in 1998 it was translated into German by Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag (DTV) in 2000. Tatler's Book of the Month The Pure Weight of the Heart reflected a number of themes found in The Astronomer a short story Gambotto-Burke wrote in 1989.
 Nursing Science Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of nursing. The editor-in-chief is Rosemarie Rizzo Parse (Loyola University Chicago). The journal was established in 1988 and is published by Sage Publications.
 The Daily Southerner is a four-day (Monday and Wednesday through Friday) a week newspaper primarily serving the town of Tarboro North Carolina U.S. and surrounding Edgecombe County North Carolina. The paper founded in 1826 was purchased by the American Publishing Company (later Hollinger International) in 1991; is now owned by Community Newspaper Holdings who purchased the paper from Hollinger in 2000.
 The Persistence of Vision is an award-winning 1978 anthology of science fiction stories by John Varley.The anthology was also published in the United Kingdom under the title In the Hall of the Martian Kings.
 The Annual Review of Nutrition is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on nutrition.
 Deccan Chronicle is an Indian English-language daily newspaper. It is published in Hyderabad India by Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited. The newspaper's name derives from the originating place the Deccan regions of India. Deccan Chronicle is also published from Tamil Nadu Karnataka and Kerala. Supplements are TV Guide Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle and Kerala Chronicle.
 The Ninety Day Mistress is a 1967 sex comedy play. The original production starred Walter Abel and Dyan Cannon.
 Novi list (English: New paper) is the oldest Croatian daily newspaper published in Rijeka. It is read mostly in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County of Croatia but it is distributed throughout the country.Novi list had the distinction of being the only Croatian daily newspaper which kept a critical distance from the government of Franjo Tuđman during the 1990s. Today it is considered a centre-left newspaper.
 Why Darwin Matters: The Case Against Intelligent Design is a 2006 book by Michael Shermer a historian of science. It argues that intelligent design is bad science that different fields of science converge in supporting evolution and that religion and science are not in conflict.
 Gerald’s Party is the fourth full-length novel written by Robert Coover published in 1986. The book encompasses a single night at a party given by the title character and narrator Gerald. Though the murder of a beautiful actress is central to the plot Coover's text has little in common with a traditional murder mystery. He appears to be approaching the murder mystery genre with the goal of subverting/exhausting its possibilities.
 Red Jihad: Battle for South Asia is an award-winning political/military thriller by Sami Ahmad Khan. It was published by Rupa & Co. in June 2012. Red Jihad was hailed as one of the first novels to fictionalize the Maoist-Mujahideen nexus in the Indian Red Corridor and for dramatizing the links between religious fundamentalism and political terrorism in India.Red Jihad was Khan's debut.
 Aktuel Naturvidenskab (Current Science) is a Danish language popular science magazine. It is published by the Faculty of Science and Technology at the University of Aarhus in cooperation with Danish universities and institutions.
 Ultrasonics is a bimonthly peer reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier and covering research on theory and application of ultrasonics in physics biology chemistry medicine underwater acoustics industry materials characterization control and other disciplines. The journal was established in 1963 and the editor-in-chief is A. G. Every (University of the Witwatersrand).
 A Kiss of Shadows is the first novel in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Book: A Novel (1992) is a metafictional novel by Robert Grudin.
 Tipi: Home of the Nomadic Buffalo Hunters is an illustrated non-fiction young adult book by Caldecott-winning author and illustrator Paul Goble. It was published by World Wisdom Books in 2007.
 Go East Young Man: The Early Years is a memoir written by United States Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas. It describes his childhood and early adult life ending with his appointment to the Court in 1939 at age 40. The title a play on the famous American expression Go West young man alludes to Douglas's upbringing in the Western United States – being uprooted often eventually landing in Yakima Washington – followed by his legal education and professional success in the East.
 The Heart of a Sunburned Land is a novel written by Australian author Elizabeth Haran and published in 2002 by Bastei Lübbe.
 Savage Henry is the title of a comic book series written and illustrated by Matt Howarth and published by Rip Off Press.The stories center around Savage Henry lead guitarist of the insect rock band the Bulldaggers. Howarth regularly draws guest appearances by real world musicians in the comic book including The Residents Moby Foetus Hawkwind Nash the Slash and others.
 Marked is the first novel of the House of Night fantasy series written by P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast.Young teenagers are selected to enter a four-year period transformation to a vampyre and marked with an the unfilled mark of a crescent moon.
 Fear and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72 is a collection of articles covering the 1972 presidential campaign written by Hunter S. Thompson and illustrated by Ralph Steadman.
 Billy and the Boingers Bootleg is the fifth collection of the comic strip series Bloom County by Berkeley Breathed. It was published in 1987.It is preceded by Bloom County Babylon and followed by Tales Too Ticklish to Tell.The book includes a flexi disc with two Billy and the Boingers songs: I'm A Boinger and U-Stink-But-I-♥-U. U-Stink-But-I-♥-U was performed by New Jersey hardcore band Mucky Pup who also rerecorded the song for their second album A Boy In A Man's World.
 A Hat Full of Sky is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett set on the Discworld written with younger readers in mind. It is labelled a Story of Discworld to indicate its status as children's or young adult fiction unlike most of the books in the Discworld series. First published in 2004 it is set two years after The Wee Free Men and features an 11-year-old Tiffany Aching.
 From the Ashes is a supplement for Dungeons & Dragons's World of Greyhawk campaign setting.
 Main Street: The Story of Carol Kennicott is a satirical novel written by Sinclair Lewis and published in 1920.
 Macrolife: A Mobile Utopia is a 1979 science fiction novel by American author George Zebrowski.
 You Better Not Cry: Stories for Christmas is the sixth memoir by Augusten Burroughs. It was released on October 27 2009.
 Adam Film World (AFW) and Adam Film World Guide (AFWG) were magazines about pornographic film published in the United States starting in 1966 as The Adam Film Quarterly. The first issue's cover price was $1 and the cover story was about The Notorious Daughter of Fanny Hill an erotic movie directed by Peter Stootsberry and produced by Bradford Hallworth.Knight Publishing Corp. had launched Adam magazine in the 1950s as an attempt to follow Playboy's success.
 Mulligan Stew is a novel by Gilbert Sorrentino. It was first published in 1979 by Grove Press simultaneously in hardcover and softcover.The title is a direct reference to the hodge-podge nature of the food. More cryptically it is a punning allusion (Mulligan's too) to the character Buck Mulligan in James Joyce Ulysses.
 Spare Change News (SCN) is a street newspaper founded in 1992 and published in Cambridge Massachusetts through the efforts of the Homeless Empowerment Project (HEP) a grassroots organization created to help end homelessness.The Homeless Empowerment Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation registered in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts with an annual budget in 2012 of $130000 and six staff members all part-time.The newspaper offices are headquartered in the Old Cambridge Baptist Church.
 The Journal of Pediatric Oncology Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering pediatric and oncology nursing. The editor-in-chief is Nancy E. Kline (Boston Children's Hospital). It was established in 1985 and is published by SAGE Publications in association with the Association of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology Nurses.
 Les Chants de Maldoror (The Songs of Maldoror) is a poetic novel (or a long prose poem) consisting of six cantos. It was written between 1868 and 1869 by the Comte de Lautréamont the pseudonym of the Uruguayan-born French writer Isidore Lucien Ducasse. Many of the surrealists (Salvador Dalí André Breton Antonin Artaud Marcel Duchamp Man Ray Max Ernst etc.) during the early 20th century cited the novel as a major inspiration to their own works.
 The Annotated Hobbit: The Hobbit or There and Back Again is an edition of J. R. R. Tolkien's novel The Hobbit with a commentary by Douglas A. Anderson. It was first published in 1988 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Boston in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the first American publication of The Hobbit and by Unwin Hyman of London.
 Kubaner Idish Wort (Yiddish: קובאנער אידיש װארט 'Cuban Jewish Word') was a communist Yiddish-language newspaper published from Havana Cuba 1942-1950. In the beginning it was a semi-monthly whilst as of the late 1940s it was published semi-weekly. Kubaner Idish Wort was published by the communist-oriented Folks-tzenter ('People's Centre'). It was initially edited by Ch. Novomodny and at a later stage by M. Epstein.
 The African Diaspora Archaeology Newsletter is a quarterly scholarly newsletter that covers the subject of the African diaspora as well as related archaeological and historical studies.
 Wildwood Imperium: The Wildwood Chronicles Book Three is a 2014 children's fantasy novel by The Decemberists' singer-songwriter Colin Meloy illustrated by his wife Carson Ellis. The novel the second sequel to Wildwood: The Wildwood Chronicles Book One continues the tale of Prue McKeel and her adventures in the Impassable Wilderness a fantastical version of Portland Oregon's Forest Park. The natural beauty and local color of the city figure prominently.
 Viddikalude Swargam (English: Fool's Paradise) is a Malayalam short story collection by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer published in 1948. The book is one of the best acknowledged works of Basheer and is considered a modern classic in Malayalam.
 Baudolino is a 2000 novel by Umberto Eco about the adventures of a young man named Baudolino in the known and mythical Christian world of the 12th century.Baudolino was translated into English in 2001 by William Weaver.
 The Business of Cricket: The Story of Sports Marketing in India is the first book on the history of sports marketing in India on how it has grown from nothing to a $2.6 billion industry today How a single sport cricket has driven this growth the role of icons such as Gavaskar Kapil Sachin and Dhoni the role of the BCCI and the IPL and how India is today the headquarters of world cricket.
 Bowlers Journal International is a magazine dedicated to Ten-pin bowling. Founded as the Bowlers Journal in 1913 it is based in Chicago Illinois. There are both online and print versions of the monthly magazine.It is akin to the British Tenpin Bowling Association's Go Tenpin magazine.
 Bible Review was a magazine that sought to communicate the academic study of the Bible to a broad general audience. Covering both the Old and New Testaments Bible Review presented critical and historical interpretations of biblical texts and reader-friendly Biblical scholarship from 1985 to 2005. After 2005 Bible Review merged into Biblical Archaeology Review.
 Same-Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe (UK title; The Marriage of Likeness: Same-Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe) is a historical study written by American historian John Boswell and first published by Villard Books in 1994. Then a professor at Yale University Boswell was a specialist on homosexuality in Christian Europe having previously authored three books on the subject.
 Autobiography is a book by the British singer-songwriter Morrissey published in October 2013.Controversially it was published under the Penguin Classics imprint. It was a number one best-seller in the UK and received polarised reviews with certain reviewers hailing it as brilliant writing and others decrying it as overwrought and self-indulgent.
 Redfox is a British fantasy comic published in the late 1980s nominated eight times for Eagle Awards and winner of Best New British Comic in 1986.
 Kyō wa Kaisha Yasumimasu. (きょうは会社休みます。) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mari Fujimura.
 Red Square is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith primarily set in Moscow Munich and Berlin between August 6 and August 21 1991. It is a sequel to Gorky Park and Polar Star and features the Investigator Arkady Renko taking place during the period of the collapse of the Soviet Union.
 The Philosophy of Eating was written by Albert Bellows published in 1867 with the posthumous edition descriptor line Late Professor of Chemistry Physiology and Hygiene and reprinted in later years to the current Philosophy of Eating.
 Norrbottens-Kuriren (NK) is a daily regional conservative newspaper published in Norrbotten County Sweden and has its main office in Luleå. It was founded in 1861 and therefore is the oldest newspaper in the region. The managing director is Sture Bergman. In 2005 the newspaper had 27600 readers.
 The Jew of Linz is a controversial 1998 book by Australian writer Kimberley Cornish. It alleges that the Austrian philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein had a profound effect on Adolf Hitler when they were both pupils at the Realschule (lower secondary school) in Linz Austria in the early 1900s. He also alleges that Wittgenstein was involved in the Cambridge Five Soviet spy ring during the Second World War.
 Urban Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Urban Studies. The journal's editor is Ronan Paddison (University of Glasgow). It has been in publication since 1964 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of Urban Studies Journal Ltd.
 Silence Please is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1950. This comic story describes the efforts of a brilliant college student to design a machine that would produce a field of absolute silence. The gadget is then used in a prank with tragic results.
 The Saturdays (1941) is a children's novel by the award-winning author Elizabeth Enright. The first of her four books about the Melendy family it is followed by The Four-Story Mistake Then There Were Five and Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze. It tells of the adventures of the four Melendy children who pool their allowances and take turns having adventures in pre-World War II New York City.
 Topic: The Washington and Jefferson College Review also known as Topic or Topic: A Journal of the Liberal Arts is a peer-reviewed academic journal focused on the humanities and the liberal arts.It was established in 1961 as Topic: A Journal of the Liberal Arts. In Fall 2004 the name was changed to Topic: The Washington & Jefferson College Review.The journal is published annually by the Washington & Jefferson College faculty and is printed in monograph format.
 Jungle King Tar-chan (ジャングルの王者ターちゃん Janguru no Ōja Tā-chan) is a manga and anime by Masaya Tokuhiro. Midway through serialization its name was changed to New Jungle King Tar-chan (新ジャングルの王者ターちゃん Shin Janguru no Ōja Tā-chan).
 After Babel: Aspects of Language and Translation is a 1975 linguistics book written by literary critic George Steiner. It was first published in January 1975 by Oxford University Press in the United Kingdom and deals with the Babel problem of multiple languages.After Babel is a comprehensive study of the subject of language and translation.
 The Patience of the Spider (orig. Italian La pazienza del ragno) is a 2004 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2007 by Stephen Sartarelli. It is the eighth novel in the internationally popular Inspector Montalbano series.Set once again in Sicily The Patience of the Spider pits Inspector Montalbano against his greatest foe yet: the weight of his own years.
 After the Fire A Still Small Voice is the debut novel by author Evie Wyld published in August 2009 by Jonathan Cape in the UK and Pantheon Books in the US. It won the John Llewellyn Rhys Prize and a Betty Trask Award. and was also shortlisted for both the Orange Award for New Writers and International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
 The Laney Tower is the student-run newspaper of Laney College in Oakland California established in 1952.The newspaper primarily serves the Laney campus there is also coverage of the other colleges of the Peralta Community College District (College of Alameda Berkeley City College and Merritt College). The Laney Tower is currently the only student newspaper in the four-campus district.
 The Settlers in Canada is a children's novel written by Frederick Marryat. It was published in 1844 and was his twenty-first book. It is set in the wilderness of Upper Canada in the 1790s. Marryat had visited Canada in 1837.
 Statistical Applications in Genetics and Molecular Biology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the application of statistics to problems in computational biology. It was established in 2002 and is published by de Gruyter. The editor-in-chief is Michael P.H. Stumpf (Imperial College London). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.717.
 Skizz was a comic book strip in 2000 AD which appeared in three installments across more than a decade. It was written by Alan Moore and drawn by Jim Baikie. Two sequels appeared some years later written and drawn by Baikie.It is best described as a cross between E.T and Boys from the Blackstuff.
 Murikuri (むりくり) is a one-shot manga by Clamp published in Vol. 4/5 (a special double issue) of Kodansha's Young Magazine in 2002.
 Zoo is a British lads' magazine published weekly in the United Kingdom.
 The Third Chimpanzee: The Evolution and Future of the Human Animal (1991/2004) is a wide-ranging book by Jared Diamond professor of geography and physiology at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) which applies insights from biology anthropology and linguistics to questions such as why one species of big mammal (humans) came to dominate its closest relatives such as chimpanzees and why one group of humans (Eurasians) came to dominate others (Indigenous peoples of the Americas).It also examines how asymmetry in male and female mating behaviour is resolved through differing social structures across cultures and how first contact between unequal civilizations almost always results in genocide. 
 Wittgenstein's Beetle is a book by Martin Cohen perhaps better known for his popular introductions to philosophy such as 101 Philosophy Problems.
 Time of Wonder is a 1957 children's book written and illustrated by Robert McCloskey that won the Caldecott Medal in 1958. The book tells tells the story of a family's summer on a Maine island overlooking Penobscot Bay filled with bright images and simple alliteration. Rain gulls a foggy morning the excitement of sailing the quiet of the night and the sudden terror of a hurricane are all expressed in this book.
 Sport is a free London-based weekly sports magazine covering a wide range of events such as football rugby tennis and cricket and contains exclusive interviews with various sports personalities. Primarily aimed at professional males aged 20-45 Sport has a circulation of 304700 making it the largest sports magazine in the UK.It is given to commuters outside railway and London Underground stations and is also available in sports clubs and hotels.
 Five Women Wearing the Same Dress is a play written in 1993 by Alan Ball.
 Dry is a memoir written by American writer Augusten Burroughs. It describes the author's battle with alcoholism. Dry was written before Running With Scissors but was published second. Dry reached number 24 on the New York Times Best Seller list for Hardcover Nonfiction.Although the memoir is based on actual events the first pages include this author's note: This memoir is based on my experiences over a ten-year period. Names have been changed characters combined and events compressed.
 The Dehumanization of Art and Other Essays on Art Culture and Literature is the first English translation of philosopher José Ortega y Gasset's La deshumanización del Arte e Ideas sobre la novela published in 1925.
 The Jellymen was a comic strip that ran in The Beezer from February 1960 until September 1960.The Jellymen were grey five-legged humanoids who had suckers instead of hands. These suckers produced giant bubbles that could solidify and imprison humans.
 Conan the Swordsman is a collection of seven fantasy short stories and associated pieces written by L. Sprague de Camp Lin Carter and Björn Nyberg featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Bantam Books in August 1978 and reprinted in 1981. Later paperback editions were issued by Ace Books (April 1987 and March 1991). The first hardcover edition was published by Tor Books in December 2002.
 Clinical Child Psychology and Psychiatry is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of child psychology and psychiatry. The editors-in-chief are Anna Brazier (University Hospital of Wales) and Michael Tarren-Sweeney (University of Canturbury). It was established in 1996 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Henoch: Studies in Judaism and Christianity from Second Temple to Late Antiquity is an academic journal established in 1979 by Paolo Sacchi (University of Turin) that covers research on Second Temple Judaism in the period following the Babylonian exile and the interactions between formative Judaism and formative Christianity up to the rise of Islam. The editor-in-chief is Corrado Martone (University of Turin).
 Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure (popularly known as Fanny Hill) is an erotic novel by English novelist John Cleland first published in London in 1748. Written while the author was in debtors' prison in London it is considered the first original English prose pornography and the first pornography to use the form of the novel. One of the most prosecuted and banned books in history it has become a synonym for obscenity.
 The Adventures of Augie March is a picaresque novel by Saul Bellow published in 1953 by Viking Press. It features the eponymous Augie March who grows up during the Great Depression and it is an example of bildungsroman tracing the development of an individual through a series of encounters occupations and relationships from boyhood to manhood.The Adventures won the 1954 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.
 The NewsMail is a daily newspaper serving Bundaberg in Queensland Australia. The newspaper is owned by APN News & Media.The NewsMail is circulated to Bundaberg and coastal communities including Bargara Elliot Heads Moore Park Burnett Heads and the Bundaberg Port from Monday to Saturday.
 Ninpen Manmaru (忍ペンまん丸 lit. Manmaru the Ninja Penguin) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mikio Igarashi. It was serialized in the Enix magazine Monthly Shōnen Gangan from 1995 to 1999. A 48-episode anime adaptation was produced by Shin-Ei Animation directed by Tetsuo Yasumi and broadcast on TV Asahi between July 5 1997 and March 28 1998.
 Kongi's Harvest is a 1965 play written by Wole Soyinka. It premiered in Dakar Senegal at the first Negro Arts Festival in April 1966. It was later adapted as a film of the same name directed by the American Ossie Davis.The play was published in 1967 in London and New York by Oxford University Press (Three Crowns Books; 96 pp).
 The Bad Place is a novel written by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1990. It includes elements of horror suspense and mystery and is presented partially as a twist on the private eye drama.
 The 1998 Star Trek novel Planet X (ISBN 0671019163) by Michael Jan Friedman is a crossover between the X-Men comic book series and the characters of Star Trek: The Next Generation. It was a sequel to an earlier crossover detailed in the Marvel Comics one-shot Second Contact (which was itself similar to an earlier Star Trek/X-Men crossover comic where a slightly different team of X-Men encountered the characters of the original Star Trek series).
 International Short Stories is a three-volume anthology of outstanding English American and French short stories and novellae of the 18th 19th and early 20th century. It was published by P.F. Collier & Son in 1910. The first volume features celebrated short fiction from the United States the second volume of England and the third of France (translated into English). The three-volume series was compiled by Frances J. Reynolds and edited by William Patten.
 People of the Talisman is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett set on the planet Mars whose protagonist is Eric John Stark.
 The Green Years is a 1944 novel by A. J. Cronin which traces the formative years of an Irish orphan Robert Shannon who is sent to live with his draconian maternal grandparents in Scotland. An introspective child Robert forms an attachment to his roguish great-grandfather who draws the youngster out of his shell with his raucous ways.
 Wolverine: The Best There Is was a monthly comic book seriess published by Marvel Comics from 2010 to 2012 and starring the superhero Wolverine. The series was written by Charlie Huston and premiered with a first issue cover dated February 2010. It ended with issue #12 cover dated February 2012.
 The Floating Island is a fantasy novel by Elizabeth Haydon. Released in 2006 the book is the first installment in The Lost Journals of Ven Polypheme series.
 The Louisville Times was a newspaper that was published in Louisville Kentucky. It was founded in 1884 as the afternoon counterpart to The Courier-Journal the dominant morning newspaper in Louisville and the commonwealth of Kentucky for many years. The two newspapers published a combined edition (as the Courier-Journal & Times) on Sundays.
 Lines and Shadows is a 1984 nonfiction book by Joseph Wambaugh a sergeant for the Los Angeles Police Department chronicling the activities of the Border Crime Task Force of the San Diego Police Department between October 1976 and April 1978.
 The Manipulated Man (German: Der Dressierte Mann) is a 1971 book by author Esther Vilar. The main idea behind the book is that women are not oppressed by men but rather control men to their advantage. A third edition of the book was released in January 2009.
 Chocky is a science fiction story by John Wyndham first published as a novelette in the March 1963 issue of Amazing Stories and later developed into a novel in 1968 published by Michael Joseph. The BBC produced a radio adaption by John Tydeman in 1967. In 1984 a children's television drama based on the novel was shown on ITV in the United Kingdom.
 The Collector is a 1963 debut novel by English author John Fowles. It was adapted as a feature film of the same name in 1965.
 The Daily Post is a revival of the original Palo Alto Daily News founded in 2008 by the Daily News’ founders Dave Price and Jim Pavelich. The Post is published Monday-Saturday and distributed in more than a dozen communities on the San Francisco peninsula.
 The American Record Guide (ARG) is a classical music magazine.
 Neuro-Ophthalmology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers diagnostic methods in neuro-ophthalmology such as visual fields CT scanning and electrophysiology the visual system such as the retina oculomotor system pupil neuro-ophthalmic aspects of the orbit and related fields such as migraine and ocular manifestations of neurological diseases.
 Eqbal (Luck in English) was a Persian reformist newspaper published in Iran. It was shut down in July 2005.
 Attack No. 1 (アタックNo.1 Atakku Nanbā Wan) is a Japanese manga series by Chikako Urano. It also became the first televised female sports anime series in the shōjo category.The anime is an adaptation of Chikako Urano's 1968 volleyball manga serialized in Weekly Margaret Magazine under the same name. Chikako was considered one of the founders of shōjo anime.
 The Partner (1997) is a legal/thriller novel by noted American author John Grisham. It was Grisham's eighth novel.
 Mathias Sandorf was an 1885 adventure book by French writer Jules Verne. It was first serialized in Le Temps in 1885 and it was Verne's epic Mediterranean adventure. It employs many of the devices that had served well in his earlier novels: islands cryptograms surprise revelations of identity technically advanced hardware and a solitary figure bent on revenge.
 The Dragon's Teeth (also published as The Virgin Heiresses) is a mystery novel published in 1939 featuring the popular fictional character Ellery Queen which is also the pseudonym of the book's authors Daniel Nathan and Manford (Emanuel) Lepofsky. It is primarily set in New York City United States.
 Memory Banks was the name given to a comic cartoon strip created by Mark Bennington which appeared in Whizzer and Chips and then went on to appear in Buster.The cartoon strip was about a boy called Bernie Banks who had a very bad memory. The name of the strip was an ironic and sarcastic take on this.
 Someday is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the August 1956 issue of Infinity Science Fiction and reprinted in the collections Earth Is Room Enough (1957) The Complete Robot (1982) Robot Visions (1990) and The Complete Stories Volume 1 (1990).
 Gunpowder Empire is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove. It is the first part of the Crosstime Traffic series.
 The Canadian Journal of Behavioural Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association. The editor-in-chief is Todd Morrison (University of Saskatchewan). The journal was established in 1969 and covers all aspects of psychology.
 Le Journal du Dimanche (English: Sunday's newspaper) is a French weekly newspaper. It is only published on Sundays.
 Quotidiano di Sicilia is an Italian daily regional newspaper for the island of Sicily. It was founded in 1979 and is based in Catania.
 Vehkalahden neidot (Finnish: The Maidens of Vehkalahti) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 The Art of Deception is a book by Kevin Mitnick that covers the art of social engineering. Part of the book is composed of real stories and examples of how social engineering can be combined with hacking.All or nearly all of the examples are fictional but quite plausible. They expose the ease with which a skilled social engineer can subvert many rules most people take for granted.
 Revenge of the Lawn: Stories 1962-1970 is a collection of sixty-two short stories written by the American author Richard Brautigan from 1962 to 1970. Like most of Brautigan's works the stories are whimsical simply themed and often surreal. Many of the stories were originally published elsewhere. The book also contains two missing chapters from his work Trout Fishing in America Rembrandt Creek and Carthage Sink.
 This article is about the student newspaper. For the Boston Massachusetts neighborhood see South End.The South End is the official student newspaper of Wayne State University in Detroit Michigan published in print and online. It was founded in 1967 and its publication is funded partly from university funds and partly from advertising revenues.
 The Guide to the Territories of Halla Vol.1 by D. J. MacHale is a book recapping the adventure (as of book five Black Water). The book does not offer any new context relating to the story and there are pictures of the first five territories in the Pendragon series. It also proves assistance for a reference of the period of time the territory is in.
 The Port of Peril is a science fiction novel by Otis Adelbert Kline. It was first published in book form in 1949 by The Grandon Company in an edition of 3000 copies. The novel was originally serialized in six parts in the magazine Weird Tales beginning in November 1932 under the title Buccaneers of Venus.
 Gate of Ivory Gate of Horn is a fantasy novel by British author Robert Holdstock. It was originally published in the United States in 1997 (and in the United Kingdom under the title Gate of Ivory in 1998.) The story is a prequel to Mythago Wood and explores Christian Huxley's quest into Ryhope Wood and the apparent suicide of his mother Jennifer Huxley.
 Emigre (ISSN 1045-3717) was a graphic design magazine published by Emigre Graphics between 1984 and 2005; it was first published in 1984 in San Francisco California USA. Art-directed by Dutch-born Rudy VanderLans using fonts designed by his wife Czechoslovakian-born Zuzana Licko Emigre was one of the first publications to use Macintosh computers and had a large influence on graphic designers moving into desktop publishing (DTP).
 Travelers of a Hundred Ages is a nonfiction work on the literary form of Japanese diaries by Donald Keene who writes in his Introduction that he was introduced to Japanese diaries during his work as a translator for the United States in World War II when he was assigned to translate captured diaries of soldiers; he found them moving enough that he continued to study that genre.
 Biomedical Optics Express is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by the Optical Society. It covers theoretical modeling technology development biomedical studies and clinical applications pertaining to optics photonics and imaging in the life sciences. The founding and current editor-in-chief is Joseph A. Izatt (Duke University).
 Investment Counselor is a story by Orson Scott Card set in his Ender's Game universe. It tells the story of how Ender Wiggin first met the artificial intelligence Jane and became a speaker for the dead. It first appeared in the anthology Far Horizons edited by Robert Silverberg and then later in Card's short story collection First Meetings.
 Persuasion's of the Witches' Craft: Ritual Magic in Contemporary England is a study of several Wiccan and ceremonial magic groups that assembled in southern England during the 1980s. It was written by the American anthropologist Tanya M.
 The Pollinators of Eden is the second science fiction novel by John Boyd originally published in hardcover by Weybright & Talley in 1969. Dell Books issued a paperback version in 1970. The Science Fiction Book Club issued the novel twice in 1969 and 1972. Gollancz published the British hardcover in 1970 with paperbacks following from Pan Books in 1972. Penguin Books issued an international paperback edition in 1978.
 The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma is a 2009 children's novel. It is the third book in The Mysterious Benedict Society series.
 Violine is a Belgian comic book as well as the name of its main character created by Didier Tronchet Vasseur and Fabrice Tarrin. Other than her own series Violine is also a recurring character in Spirou magazine.
 Another Gospel: Cults Alternative Religions and the New Age Movement is a non-fiction book discussing cults new religious movements and the New Age movement written by Ruth A. Tucker. The book was published in 1989 by Zondervan a Christian publishing house. Another edition was released by the same publisher in 2004.
 A Prayer for Owen Meany was the seventh published novel by American writer John Irving. Published in 1989 it tells the story of John Wheelwright and his best friend Owen Meany growing up together in a small New England town during the 1950s and 1960s.
 UC Juice Union County Juice is the monthly newspaper for the Union County Vocational Technical Schools (UCVTS) campus. It is based in the Academy for Information Technology building. While it is called a newspaper it more closely resembles a magazine in that it is made using duplex A4 paper stapled with three staples on the right binding. The staff use Adobe InDesign as its layout program.The original name for UC Juice was TechToday.
 Storm Front is a 2000 novel by science fiction and fantasy author Jim Butcher. It is the first novel in The Dresden Files his first published series that follows the character of Harry Dresden professional wizard.
 Acta Mathematica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in all fields of mathematics. The journal was established by Gösta Mittag-Leffler in 1882 and is published by Institut Mittag-Leffler a research institute for mathematics belonging to the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Since 2006 the journal has been printed and distributed by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Whompyjawed is the debut novel by American author Mitch Cullin. It is the first installment of the writer's Texas Trilogy that also includes the dark novel-in-verse Branches and the surrealistic novel Tideland. Whompyjawed was first published in September 1999 as a hardcover edition from The Permanent Press. A trade paperback edition was published by Simon & Schuster in April 2001 but as of 2007 it is no longer in print.
 Love Is the Plan the Plan Is Death is a short story by James Tiptree Jr. which won a Nebula Award for Best Short Story in 1973. The novella first appeared in the anthology The Alien Condition edited by Stephen Goldin published by Ballantine Books in April 1973.
 Two for the Lions is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 The 4-Hour Chef: The Simple Path to Cooking Like a Pro Learning Anything and Living the Good Life is the third book by Tim Ferriss published on November 20 2012. The book continues Ferriss' 4-Hour themes of self-improvement self-actualization and the skill of learning new things through the lens of cooking. The book is intended to be the cookbook for people who don't buy cookbooks and was a #1 Wall Street Journal bestseller.
 The Journal of the Chemical Society was a scientific journal established by the Chemical Society in 1849 as the Quarterly Journal of the Chemical Society. The journal underwent several renamings splits and mergers throughout its history. In 1980 the Chemical Society merged with several other organizations into the Royal Society of Chemistry.
 Have Mercy on Us All (French: Pars vite et reviens tard lit. Leave quickly and come back late) is a 2001 novel by French author Fred Vargas. The novel was her first to be translated into English in 2003 by David Bellos. It was made into a film released in 2007.
 The Wayward Bus is a novel by American author John Steinbeck originally published in 1947. Steinbeck dedicated this novel to Gwyn presumably a reference to his second wife Gwyndolyn Conger.
 The Warner Robins Patriot is a newspaper in Warner Robins Georgia. It is published each day on the Internet and in print on Wednesdays and distributed by subscription and free distribution to approximately 20000 households in Warner Robins and Centerville.The paper was established in August 2009 by Georgia Eagle Media Inc. owner of 15 radio stations in Georgia including WRWR 1350 AM WYPZ 107.5 FM and WNNG-FM ESPN 99.9 FM.
 The Painted Word is a 1975 book of art criticism by Tom Wolfe.
 Oil Shale is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in petrology especially concerning oil shale. The journal covers geology mining formation composition methods of processing combustion economics and environmental protection related to oil shale. It is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index. The editor-in-chief is Anto Raukas.
 CHOICE Magazine is a publication of the Australian consumer organisation of that name a non-profit organisation founded in 1959 (as the Australian Consumers Association) to research and advocate on behalf of Australian consumers.CHOICE tests and compares different consumer products and services and reports their findings in CHOICE Magazine which is published 11 times per year.
 Not Yet: A Memoir of Living and Almost Dying is a biography written by Canadian writer Wayson Choy first published in March 2009 by Doubleday Canada. The author recounts his experiences following a combined asthma-heart attack.
 The Kentucky Kernel is the daily student newspaper of the University of Kentucky.The Kernel is distributed free on and around the University of Kentucky campus. It claims a circulation of 15000 and readership of more than 30000. Its sole source of revenue is advertising. It is issued during the weekdays during the spring and fall semesters and weekly during the summer term roughly 150 days in the calendar year. It is one of the largest-circulating newspapers in Kentucky.
 After the War is a novel written by author Carol Matas. The book was published by Simon and Schuster and released in 1997.
 Diário de Noite (Evening Diary) was a Portuguese language daily newspaper published from Panjim Goa. The first issue was published on 1 December 1919. Luís de Menezes Bragança (1878-1938) was the founding editor of the newspaper. Diário de Noite had its offices in São Tomé Panjim. It gained a wide Goan readership and dealt with the events in the Indian mainland as well as Goan cultural issues.Diário de Noite continued publication after the annexation of Goa by India.
 The Journal of Studies in International Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editor is Hans De Wit (Universiteit van Amsterdam). It has been in publication since 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Association for Studies in International Education
 The Eagle of the Ninth is a historical adventure novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1954. The story is set in Roman Britain in the 2nd century AD after the building of Hadrian's Wall.The Eagle of the Ninth is one of Sutcliff's earlier books but may be her best-known title.
 The Poky Little Puppy is the titular character and a children's book written by Texas author Janette Sebring Lowrey (2 March 1892–17 March 1986) and illustrated by Gustaf Tenggren. It was first published in 1942 as one of the first 12 books in the Simon and Schuster series Little Golden Books.
 A Devil's Chaplain subtitled Reflections on Hope Lies Science and Love is a 2003 book of selected essays and other writings by Richard Dawkins. Published five years after his previous book Unweaving the Rainbow it contains 32 essays covering subjects including pseudoscience genetic determinism memetics terrorism religion and creationism.
 The Great Shadow also known as The Great Shadow and other Napoleonic Tales is an Action & Adventure novel published by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle in 1892. The novel was published in J.W. Arrowsmith’s Bristol Library. The novel takes place in the Napoleonic era on the English-Scottish border city called West Inch. The Great Shadow refers to the Napoleon’s influence and his reputation that forms a shadow over West Inch.
 Dokkiri Doctor (どっきりドクター Dokkiri Dokutā) also known as Startling Doctor or Dr. Dokkiri is a manga series by Hosono Fujihiko serialized from 1981–1982 in Shōnen Sunday. It was later adapted into a 27-episode anime television series by Studio Pierrot originally broadcast on Fuji TV from 1998–1999 and later translated and broadcast in Taiwan Hong Kong South-East Asia South Asia and other regions by the Animax television network.
 The Dallas Morning News is a major daily newspaper serving the Dallas Texas (USA) area with over 400000 daily subscribers. It was founded on October 1 1885 by Alfred Horatio Belo as a satellite publication of the Galveston Daily News of Galveston Texas.Today it has one of the 20 largest paid circulations in the United States.
 Journal of Intercultural Communication Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering qualitative and quantitative research that focuses on interrelationships between culture and communication. The journal is published by Routledge on behalf of the World Communication Association and the editor-in-chief is Stephen Croucher.
 American Motorcyclist is an American magazine published monthly by the American Motorcyclist Association covering issues of importance to its members including touring trail riding motocross enduros road racing cruisers and dirt track.Since April 2013 the magazine has published a second version that focuses on dirt biking.
 Boys' Ranch was a six-issue American comic book series created by the veteran writer-artist team of Joe Simon and Jack Kirby for Harvey Comics in 1950. A Western in the then-prevalent kid gang vein popularized by such film series as Our Gang and The Dead End Kids the series starred three adolescents—Dandy Wabash and Angel—who operate a ranch that was bequeathed to them under the adult supervision of frontiersman Clay Duncan.
 Balthazar published in 1958 is the second volume in the The Alexandria Quartet series by British author Lawrence Durrell. Set in Alexandria Egypt around WWII the four novels tell essentially the same story from different points of view and come to a conclusion in Clea. Balthazar is the first novel in the series that presents a competing narrator Balthazar who writes back to the narrating Darley in his great interlinear.
 Journal of Materials Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal dedicated to materials science founded in 1966 by Robert W. Cahn and published by Springer. The journal publishes 24 issues per year. The journal incorporated Journal of Materials Science Letters in 2003 and Interface Science in 2004.It features review articles papers and short communications covering original research on the study and the techniques used to study the structure and properties of materials.
 The Houstonian is a campus newspaper at Sam Houston State University (SHSU). The paper was founded in 1913. CBS News journalist Dan Rather served as editor of the newspaper before his graduation from SHSU in 1953. In 1994 the university named the headquarters of the paper the Dan Rather Communications Building.
 The Ties That Bind by Jude Watson is the fourteenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 A Summer to Die was Lois Lowry's first novel.
 Radium and Other Radio-active Substances; Polonium Actinium and Thorium is a book published in 1903 by William Joseph Hammer when he was about 50 years old.The book is the text of a lecture delivered at a meeting of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. The title of the lecture was Radium and other radioactive substances with a consideration of phosphorescent and fluorescent substances.
 House of Chains is the fourth volume of Canadian author Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series the Malazan Book of the Fallen and a direct sequel to the second volume in the series Deadhouse Gates.The novel was the first in the series to be published in hardback first appearing in the United Kingdom on 2 December 2002. A mass-market paperback edition followed on 3 October 2003. The first United States edition was a hardcover published on 22 August 2006.
 Cosmo the Merry Martian was a comic book published by Archie Comics in the late 1950s. The comic was created by Bob White as a way to provide a family-appropriate comic for children with an interest in the then-current space race. The title character was the first Martian to visit the Earth. The title only lasted for six issues.
 Raising My Voice is a 2009 book by Malalai Joya with Derrick O'Keefe about the life of Malalai Joya the 'Bravest woman in Afghanistan' and suspended Member of Afghan Parliament.Joya has written her memoir with Canadian writer Derrick O'Keefe. The US and Canadian version of the book was published in October 2009 by Scribner under the title of A Woman Among Warlords: The Extraordinary Story of an Afghan Who Dared to Raise Her Voice in 229 pages in the US edition.
 The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí is an autobiography by the internationally famous artist Salvador Dalí published in 1942 by Dial Press. The book was written in French and translated to English by Haakon Chevalier. It covers his family history his early life and his early work up through the 1930s concluding just after Dalí's return to Catholicism and just before the global outbreak of the Second World War. The book is over 400 pages long and contains numerous detailed illustrations.
 The Evening Gazette is a newspaper serving the Teesside area of England. It is published by the Gazette Media Company Ltd which is a regional arm of the Trinity Mirror group. The Evening Gazette is written and published in Middlesbrough along with many other publications.
 Confrontation is an American literary magazine founded in 1968 and based at Long Island University in Brookville New York. It publishes fiction essays and poetry twice each year. The journal edited from its inception to 2010 by LIU Post English professor and poet Martin Tucker helped launch the careers of Cynthia Ozick Paul Theroux and Walter Abish. Work that has appeared in Confrontation has been short-listed for the Pushcart Prize and The Best American Short Stories.
 Kamisama Game (神様ゲーム) is a Japanese light novel series by Shū Miyazaki with illustrations by Nanakusa. The first novel was released on June 30 2005 and as of August 1 2008 seven volumes have been published by Kadokawa Shoten under their Kadokawa Sneaker Bunko imprint. Three volumes of short story compilations were also published between September 1 2006 and June 1 2008. Stories from the novel series have been serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's light novel magazine The Sneaker.
 The Courier is a Russian-language daily newspaper that was founded in 1991 by Israel Libo Feigin. The daily paper is run from Tel Aviv. It has maintained an active presence on the Internet since 1998.
 Perspectives on Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes contributions to science studies that integrate historical philosophical and sociological perspectives. The journal contains theoretical essays case studies and review essays. Perspectives on Science was established in 1993 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press.
 1Q84 (One Q Eighty-Four or Q-teen Eighty-Four or ichi-kew-hachi-yon (いちきゅうはちよん Ichi-Kyū-Hachi-Yon)) is a novel by Haruki Murakami first published in three volumes in Japan in 2009–10. The novel quickly became a sensation with its first printing selling out the day it was released and reaching sales of one million within a month.
 The Bat is a Broadway play by Mary Roberts Rinehart and Avery Hopwood.
 The Complete Guide to Middle-earth: from The Hobbit to The Silmarillion is a reference book for the fictional universe of J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth compiled and edited by Robert Foster.The Complete Guide to Middle-earth is a major expansion of Foster's A Guide to Middle-earth which was published in a limited edition by Mirage Press in 1971. Almost twice the length of the original (573 pages vs.
 Cell and Tissue Research presents regular articles and reviews in the areas of molecular cell stem cell biology and tissue engineering. In particular the journal provides a forum for publishing data that analyze the supracellular integrative actions of gene products and their impact on the formation of tissue structure and function. Articles emphasize structure–function relationships as revealed by recombinant molecular technologies. The coordinating editor of the journal is Klaus Unsicker.
 Roald Dahl's Book of Ghost Stories is a 1983 collection of Ghost stories selected by Roald Dahl.Dahl read 749 supernatural tales from an array of ghost storytellers at the British Museum Library before selecting 14 that comprise this anthology. In the book Dahl writes; Spookiness is after all the real purpose of the ghost story.
 The Physics of Superheroes is a popular science book by physics professor and long-time comic-book fan James Kakalios. First published in 2005 it explores the basic laws of physics. Kakalios does not set out to show where the world of superheroes contradicts modern science granting the heroes one or more miracle exceptions from natural law.
 Maxim is the largest young men's lifestyle brand in America which reaches nearly 9 million readers each month. Maxim Digital reaches more than 4 million unique viewers each month. Maxim magazine publishes 16 editions sold in 75 countries worldwide. On February 27 2014 Maxim was bought by entrepreneur Sardar Biglari. He is the Founder of Biglari Holdings Inc. and Biglari Capital.
 In High Places is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove. It is a part of the Crosstime Traffic series and takes place in an alternate world where the Black Death was much more virulent resulting in a Europe largely decimated and subsequently populated by Muslims.
 Possum Magic is an award-winning picture book by Australian author Mem Fox.The two main characters are Grandma Poss and Hush. Hush has been made invisible by Grandma to protect her from Australian bush dangers. The story details the duo's adventures as they tour Australia searching for the secret to Hush's visibility.
 The Arcanum is a 2005 novel by Tom Wheeler. Set in 1919 it concerns the last case of occult-busters; Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Harry Houdini H. P. Lovecraft and voodoo queen Marie Laveau.
 The Dying Sun is a science fiction novel by Gary Blackwood published in 1989. Set in the mid-21st century the book depicts a world where the sun's light is actually diminishing over time cooling the Earth (as opposed to global warming) which causes a mass migration from the U.S. to Mexico.
 Passage to Juneau: A Sea and Its Meanings is a 1999 travelogue by Jonathan Raban. Alongside an account of Raban's own trip by boat from Seattle to Juneau the reader is presented with the voyage of Captain George Vancouver in 1792-94 and his encounters with the seagoing natives living along the coast.
 Captains Outrageous is a suspense/crime novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale the sixth novel in the Hap and Leonard series of books.
 Animal Academy: Hakobune Hakusho (はこぶね白書 Hakobune Hakusho) is a Japanese manga series illustrated and written by Moyamu Fujino. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Comic Blade on October 30 2005 published by Mag Garden. It was first released in North America on May 12 2009 by Tokyopop.
 The Western Telegraph is a Welsh regional newspaper covering Pembrokeshire and bordering Carmarthenshire. Founded as the Haverfordwest & Milford Haven Telegraph it is published on a weekly basis and is currently split into three editions. The newspaper is published by Newsquest.The newspaper is the highest selling weekly title in Wales averaging 25627 sales during the second half of 2007.
 The Fallen Angel is the 2012 Daniel Silva's spy novel.It is the twelfth in Gabriel Allon series.
 The Cornelius Quartet is the collective name for the Jerry Cornelius novels by Michael Moorcock although the first one-volume edition was entitled The Cornelius Chronicles. It is composed of The Final Programme A Cure for Cancer The English Assassin and The Condition of Muzak. The collection has remained continuously in print for 30 years.The four novels are set in an ever shifting yet always fashionable alternate multiverse of anarchist revolutionaries and English popart turmoil.
 The Bippolo Seed and Other Lost Stories is a collection of seven illustrated stories by children's author Dr. Seuss published by Random House on September 27 2011. Though they were originally published in magazines in the early 1950s they had never been published in book form and are quite rare described by the publisher as the literary equivalent of buried treasure. The stories were discovered by Charles D.
 Dave Barry in Cyberspace is a best-selling humor book that was published by Ballantine Books in 1996. Written by Dave Barry this book takes the view point of a computer geek who enjoys using Windows 95.
 The Mummies of Guanajuato is a book which reprints Ray Bradbury's novelette The Next in Line illustrated with photographs by Archie Lieberman of the actual mummies discovered in Guanajuato which inspired the story. The story originally appeared in Bradbury's first book Dark Carnival in 1947.
 There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a short children's book by Dr. Seuss.It features a little boy talking about what strange creatures live in his house such as the yeps on the steps the nooth grush on his toothbrush the zamp in a lamp the yottle in the bottle and Nureau in the bureau.The original story was published in 1974. There is also a 1996 republication.
 More Die of Heartbreak is a 1987 novel by the American author Saul Bellow and was his tenth novel. Like most of Bellow's other works More Die of Heartbreak is grounded more in the development of character than in the growth of action. Among its themes are the difficulties of reconciling one's ideals with the actual and the difficulties of relating to parents and to mortality.
 Colony was the first novel written by Rob Grant outside the Red Dwarf series. First published in 2000 by Viking Press in the United Kingdom it stays within the comedy science fiction genre. The narrative is set on a spaceship sent on a voyage to colonise another planet since Earth has been rendered uninhabitable. The mission is set to take numerous generations.
 The Babysitter is a novel series by R. L. Stine. The first novel in the series was published in 1989 and it led to establish Stine as a prominent author in the children's horror genre. The first novel follows a simple premise of a babysitter who finds she is the next in a series of babysitting victims to a crazed killer. Three sequels of this book were published: The Babysitter II on July 1991 The Babysitter III on October 1993 and The Babysitter IV on June 1995.
 Juggernaut is a first-person narrative novel written by English author Desmond Bagley and was first published in 1985. This was Bagley’s last novel and as he died in 1983 it was published posthumously by his widow.
 Pedro and Me is an autobiographical graphic novel by Judd Winick regarding his friendship with AIDS educator Pedro Zamora after the two met while on the reality television series The Real World: San Francisco. It was published in September 2000.
 Molly Moon's Hypnotic Time-Travel Adventure is the third book in the best-selling series by Georgia Byng. It is part of a series the first book being Molly Moon's Incredible Book of Hypnotism
 Chitralekha is a 1934 Hindi novel written by Bhagwati Charan Verma. The novel is about the philosophy of life and love sin and virtue. The novel was written while the author was still practicing law at Hamirpur and brought him immediate fame and starting his literary career.
 Skyship Academy: The Pearl Wars is a science fiction novel by Nick James.
 Doomed Queen Anne is a young-adult historical novel about Anne Boleyn by Carolyn Meyer. It is the third book in the Young Royals series. Other books are Mary Bloody Mary Beware Princess Elizabeth and Patience Princess Catherine. The book was originally published in the U.S. in 2002 by Harcourt/Gulliver Books (now Houghton Mifflin Harcourt).
 Freedom is a novel by American author Jonathan Franzen. It was published by Farrar Straus and Giroux and released on August 31 2010.
 The Daily was the world's first iPad-only (with Galaxy Tab 10.1 and Facebook support added later) news app in the United States and Australia owned by News Corporation.It was originally planned to launch The Daily in San Francisco on January 19 2011 however the launch was delayed by News Corporation and Apple. The Daily was launched on February 2 2011 at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City.The journal was placed on watch in July 2012 due to disappointing results.
 Saint George and the Dragon is a book written by Margaret Hodges and illustrated by Trina Schart Hyman. Released by Little Brown it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1985. The text is adapted from Edmund Spenser's epic poem The Faerie Queene.
 Perspectives of New Music is a peer-reviewed academic journal specializing in music theory and analysis. It was established in 1962 by Arthur Berger and Benjamin Boretz (who were its initial editors-in-chief).Perspectives was first published by the Princeton University Press initially supported by the Fromm Music Foundation.
 The English Assassin: A Romance of Entropy is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock [1]. Subtitled A romance of entropy it was the third part of his long running Jerry Cornelius series [2].Cornelius is the 'English Assassin' of the title although he spends much of the book near death himself. Darker in tone than other volumes in the series the novel offers eight alternative catastrophes in a world of chaos and barbarous collapse.
 Perfusion is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Cardiology. The journal's editor is Prakash P. Punjabi (Hammersmith Hospital). It has been in publication since 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Contexts: Understanding People in their Social Worlds is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal and an official publication of the American Sociological Association. It is designed to be a more accessible source of sociological ideas and research and has been inspired by the movement towards public sociology. The journal was established in 2002 by Claude Fischer and is published by SAGE Publications; until 2011 it was published by the University of California Press.
 Anecdote for Fathers is a poem written by William Wordsworth and is included in the Lyrical BalladsI have a boy of five years old;His face is fair and fresh to see;His limbs are cast in beauty's mouldAnd dearly he loves me.One morn we strolled on our dry walkOur quiet home all full in viewAnd held such intermitted talkAs we are wont to do.My thoughts on former pleasures ran;I thought of Kilve's delightful shoreOur pleasant home when spring beganA long long year before.A day it was when I could bearSome fond regrets to entertain;With so much happiness to spareI could not feel a pain.The green earth echoed to the feetOf lambs that bounded through the gladeFrom shade to sunshine and as fleetFrom sunshine back to shade.Birds warbled round me -- and each traceof inward sadness had its charm;Kilve thought I was a favored placeAnd so is Liswyn farm.My boy beside me tripped so slimAnd graceful in his rustic dress!And as we talked I questioned himIn very idleness.Now tell me had you rather beI said and took him by the armOn Kilve's smooth shore by the green seaOr here at Liswyn farm?In careless mood he looked at meWhile still I held him by the armAnd said At Kilve I'd rather beThan here at Liswyn farm.Now little Edward say why so:My little Edward tell me why. 
 Blindsight is a novel by Robin Cook. Like most of Cook's other work it is a medical thriller. This story introduces New York City pathologist Laurie Montgomery as being new to the medical examiner's office. She uncovers a series of drug overdoses and gangland-style murders with a grisly twist.An abnormal increase in the number of drug overdose cases makes Laurie seriously suspicious and she starts investigating these cases.
 Troubling a Star (ISBN 0-374-37783-9) is the last full length novel in the Austin family series by Madeleine L'Engle. The young adult suspense thriller published in 1994 reunites L'Engle's most frequent protagonist Vicky Austin with Adam Eddington both of whom become enmeshed in international intrigue as they travel separately to Antarctica.
 Miman Renai (未満れんあい Miman Ren'ai) is a Japanese manga by Takashima Hiromi. It was serialized by Futabasha in the seinen mangamagazine Comic High! between February 2008 to November 2010 and subsequently published as five bound volumes.
 Deep Lie is the third novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 1986 by W. W. Norton Co. Inc. The novel takes place in Washington D. C. Latvia Russia and Europe about 5-10 years after the events of Run Before the Wind. The story continues the story of the Lee family of Delano Georgia.
 The Anais da Associação Brasileira de Química (ISSN 0365-0073 CODEN AABQAL) is a Brazilian scientific journal in chemistry. It was first published in 1942 under the title: Anais da Associação Química do Brasil vol. 1 (1942) to vol. 9 (1950) (ISSN 0365-0383 CODEN AAQBAH).With volume 10 (1951) the title changed to: Anais da Associação Brasileira de Química vol. 10 (1951) to vol.
 Backstreet Project is an American comic book created by Nick Carter and Stan Lee. The comic features members of Carter's band the Backstreet Boys as themselves as well as superheroes. The book was available for purchase at their concerts and online stores in 2000–2001.
 Icon magazine was a bi-monthly magazine set up in 2003 by ex-professional footballers Tim Sherwood and Jamie Redknapp as well as Redknapp's wife Louise. The magazine was the first venture of Redknapp Publications and its readership was exclusive as it was not sold in shops and it was aimed at a celebrity readership.
 Natural Language & Linguistic Theory (often abbreviated NLLT) is a leading international peer-reviewed quarterly journal in theoretical linguistics founded in 1983 and currently published by Springer Netherlands (by Kluwer Academic Publishers before 2004). It is mainly devoted to work in generative linguistics and features replies and book reviews in addition to the main research articles.
 Miyori no Mori (ミヨリの森 Miyori no Mori lit. Miyori's Forest) is the title of a 2004 manga series by Hideji Oda and the 2007 anime film based on it. Two manga sequels Miyori no Mori no Shiki (ミヨリの森の四季) and Zoku Miyori no Mori no Shiki (続・ミヨリの森の四季) were published in 2007 and 2008.
 Lunar Paraphrase is a poem from the second (1931) edition ofWallace Stevens's first book of poetryHarmonium. One of Stevens'swar poems from Lettres d'un Soldat (1918) it is in the publicdomain.The poem makes use of a late autumn night to express a mood. It appropriates Christian images in a manner that is consistent with a naturalism that disclaims religious belief.
 Martial Power is a supplement for the 4th edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. It contains additional options and rules for fighters rangers rogues and warlords including new builds for each class to further customize a character such as the beastmaster ranger bravura warlord and resourceful warlord.
 The Territorial Imperative: A Personal Inquiry Into the Animal Origins of Property and Nations usually referred to by the title's first three words is a 1966 nonfiction work by Robert Ardrey. He wrote about the natural tendency for people to be territorial to need their personal space their own home their own territory. Ardrey dedicated his fourth book to Henry Eliot Howard who was noted for being one of the first to describe in detail the territoriality behaviors in birds.
 Batman: The Widening Gyre is the title of a 6-issue comic book limited series starring Batman released August 2009 through July 2010. The series is written by Kevin Smith and illustrated by Walt Flanagan. The title is a reference to the William Butler Yeats poem The Second Coming.The series was initially planned as 12 issues with a long break planned between issues six and seven.
 The Folding Star is a 1994 novel by Alan Hollinghurst.
 Restoration is a novel by author Olaf Olafsson.
 1408 is a short story by Stephen King. It is the second tale in the audiobook collection titled Blood and Smoke released in 1999. In 2002 it was collected in written form as the 12th story in King's collection Everything's Eventual. In the introduction to the story King says that 1408 is his version of what he calls the Ghostly Room at the Inn his term for the theme of haunted hotel or motel rooms in horror fiction.
 Special Assignments: The Further Adventures of Erast Fandorin (Russian Особые поручения) is a book by Russian author Boris Akunin published in 2007. The book contains two historical detective novellas featuring his character Erast Fandorin: The Jack of Spades (Russian Пиковый валет) and The Decorator (Russian Декоратор). Special Assignments was originally published in Russian in 1999.
 HK Golfer is a monthly golf magazine published by Times International Creation Limited in Hong Kong and distributed globally.The magazine features in-depth coverage of golf in Hong Kong and globally with event previews reports interviews player profiles and award-winning photography.
 Erotic Review is a monthly UK-based lifestyle publication. Covering eroticism and sex-related topics it was first published in 1995 as a print magazine migrating to an eZine format in June 2010. In addition to the monthly magazine available to paying subscribers as a virtual flipbook (or a downloadable PDF) the magazine's website also featured blogs and reviews available free of charge.
 Wine & Spirit is a British monthly magazine on wine spirits beers and cocktails directed at both consumers and the drinks industry. The magazine also organises the annual International Wine Challenge and International Spirits Challenge and publishes the annual results book the World's Best Wines Guide.Wine & Spirit is viewed as a competitor of Decanter described by Jancis Robinson as Britain's second consumer wine magazine though livelier.
 Knight Crusader the story of Philip d'Aubigny is a children's historical novel by Ronald Welch (Ronald Oliver Fenton) first published by Oxford in 1954 with illustrations by William Stobbs. It is set primarily in the Crusader states of Outremer in the twelfth century and features the Battle of Hattin and the Third Crusade. Welch won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.
 Cosmic Trigger III: My Life After Death is the third book in the Cosmic Trigger series a three-volume autobiographical and philosophical work by Robert Anton Wilson.Cosmic Trigger III delivers observations about the widespread (and premature) announcement of his demise along with synchronicities religious fanatics UFOs crop circles paranoia pompous scientists secret societies high tech black magic quantum physics hoaxes (real and fake) Orson Welles James Joyce Carl Sagan Madonna and the vagina of Nuit.The third volume in Wilson’s Cosmic Trigger series begins with an analysis of a faked internet news story announcing the author’s death in February 1994. 
 The Infernal Machine is a play by the French dramatist Jean Cocteau based on the ancient Greek myth of Oedipus. It received its première in 1934 under the direction of Louis Jouvet.
 Aoi no Ue (葵上 Lady Aoi) is a Heian period Japanese Noh play based on an episode in the Tale of Genji and named for Lady Aoi one of the novel's characters. It is an example of the fourth category of miscellaneous Noh plays. Aoi no Ue was the first of many Noh plays based on the Tale of Genji. It is sometimes attributed to Zeami Motokiyo; the extant version of the text is likely a reworking of a version by a contemporary Inuō.
 The Shuttered Room and Other Pieces is a collection of fantasy horror short stories essays and memoirs by American author H. P. Lovecraft and others. It was released in 1959 by Arkham House in an edition of 2527 copies and was the fifth collection of Lovecraft's work to be released by Arkham House.
 Deep Six is an English-language adventure novel by Clive Cussler published in the United States by Simon & Schuster in 1984. This is the seventh book featuring the author's primary protagonist Dirk Pitt.
 Antiocheis is an epic poem by Joseph of Exeter written in Latin soon after the year 1190 when Joseph returned to England from the Third Crusade on the death of his friend and fellow Crusader Baldwin of Exeter archbishop of Canterbury.The poem is lost except for a single fragment of 21 lines quoted by William Camden in his miscellany Remains Concerning Britain. The fragment praises Britain as a land of warriors giving King Arthur as an example.
 At Home in Mitford is a novel written by American author Jan Karon. It is book one of The Mitford Years series. The first edition (ISBN 1-56865-347-6) was published in hardcover format by Doubleday in 1994. Penguin Books published the paperback edition in 1996 (ISBN 0-140-25448-X).
 The Unwritten is an American comic book ongoing series written by Mike Carey with art by Peter Gross and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. The book follows Tom Taylor who was the inspiration for a series of hugely successful children's fantasy novels in the vein of Harry Potter. The series deals with themes related to fame celebrity and the relationship between fiction and human consciousness.
 Sword and Fist: A Guidebook to Fighters and Monks is an optional rulebook for the 3rd edition of Dungeons & Dragons written by Jason Carl and notable for its trade paperback format.
 The Advocate is a seven-day daily newspaper based in Stamford Connecticut USA. The paper is owned and operated by the Hearst Corporation a multinational corporate media conglomerate with $4 billion in revenues.The Advocate circulates in Stamford and the nearby southwestern Connecticut towns of Darien and New Canaan.
 Bite Me: Narrative Structures and Buffy the Vampire Slayer is an Australian academic publication relating to the fictional Buffyverse established by TV series Buffy and Angel. The book is designed for Year 12 teachers/students teaching/studying Media Unit 3 (in the Australian education system).
 Environmental and Resource Economics (ERE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering environmental economics published monthly in three volumes per year. It is the official journal of the European Association of Environmental and Resource Economists.
 The French edition of Vogue magazine Vogue Paris is a fashion magazine that has been published since 1920.
 The Enemy Papers is a short story collection by Barry B. Longyear containing the novella Enemy Mine later made into a feature-length film of the same name along with two sequels: The Last Enemy and The Tomorrow Testament. The volume also contains excerpts from the Drac holy book (the Talman) a discussion of the writing of the three stories (including the production of the Enemy Mine film) the author's perspective on formulating the Drac language and a Drac vocabulary list.
 Holidays in Heck is a 2011 book by P. J. O'Rourke about the author's travels to various venues. Its chapters include Republicans Evolving: The Galapagos Islands April 2003 A Freedom Ride through China:spring 2006 White Man Speak with Forked Tongue: The Field Museum Chicago May 2008 and Home Unalone: New Hampshire March 2011.O'Rourke uses wit to recount family travel to various tourist destinations.
 The Wyrmling Horde is the seventh installment in the Runelords series written by David Farland and was published September 16 2008.
 The Rediscovery of Man: The Complete Short Science Fiction of Cordwainer Smith (ISBN 0-915368-56-0) is a 1993 book containing the complete collected short fiction of science fiction author Cordwainer Smith. It was edited by James A. Mann and published by NESFA Press.Most of the stories take place in Smith's future history set in the universe of the Instrumentality of Mankind; the collection is arranged in the chronological order in which the stories take place in the fictional timeline.
 The Tigers of Mompracem (original title: Le Tigri di Mompracem) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari published in 1900. It features his most famous character Sandokan.
 The Screwtape Letters is a satirical Christian apologetic novel written in epistolary style by C. S. Lewis first published in book form in February 1942. The story takes the form of a series of letters from a senior Demon Screwtape to his nephew Wormwood a Junior Tempter. The uncle's mentorship pertains to the nephew's responsibility for securing the damnation of a British man known only as the Patient.
 Lowestoft Chronicle is an online magazine that publishes short stories flash fiction poetry creative nonfiction interviews and artwork. It is published on a quarterly basis and an anthology of the best work is published annually. Preference is given to humorous submissions with an emphasis on travel.
 The Faerie Path is the first novel in a six book series by the British author Frewin Jones. The story centers around the life of Anita Palmer a teenager from two different parallel universes and her struggle to maintain both lives.
 Best SF: 1968 (also known as The Year's Best Science Fiction No. 2) is the second on a series of annual anthologies of science fiction stories edited by Harry Harrison and Brian W. Aldiss first published in a British edition in January 1969 by Sphere Books. The first American (and first hardcover) edition was released later that year by Putnam with a Berkley paperback following shortly thereafter. Severn House issued a British hardcover edition in 1977.
 Bombshells is a play by Australian playwright Joanna Murray-Smith. It was first published by Currency Press in 2004.
 A Philosophical Investigation is a 1992 techno-thriller by Philip Kerr.
 Mickey Mouse (titled Mickey Mouse and Friends from issues #257-303) is a comic book series that has a long-running history first appearing in 1941 as part of the Four Color one-shot series. It received its own numbering system with issue #28 (1953) and was most recently published by Boom! Studios under its Boom! Kids imprint.The book emphasizes stories with Mickey and his supporting cast: Goofy Donald Duck Minnie Mouse Pluto and Mickey's nephews Morty and Ferdie Fieldmouse.
 The Autumn of the Patriarch (original Spanish title: El otoño del patriarca) is a novel written by Gabriel García Márquez in 1975.A poem on the solitude of power according to the author the novel is a flowing tract on the life of an eternal dictator.
 Prefectural Earth Defense Force (県立地球防衛軍 Kenritsu Chikyū Bōeigun) is a manga series by Kōichirō Yasunaga which ran in Shōnen Sunday Super beginning in 1983. The manga was written as a parody gag manga inspired by the tokusatsu series Ultra Seven. An anime OVA based on the manga was released in 1986. The anime was released on DVD in North America by ADV Films in 2006.
 The Lolly-Madonna War is a 1969 novel by Sue Grafton. This is the fifth novel Grafton wrote but the second one published. A work of mainstream fiction this novel was published by Peter Owen Publishers when Grafton was 29 years old. This is one of only two Sue Grafton novels published before her more famous Alphabet series of mystery novels. The novel was originally published in the United Kingdom and never saw publication in the United States.
 Microcosm: E. coli and the New Science of Life is a 2008 book by popular science writer Carl Zimmer. The book presents an overview of genetics research and genetic engineering by telling the story about the Escherichia coli (E. coli) family of bacteria.E. coli has been a popular organism to study for researchers since its discovery in 1885. The K-12 strain of E. coli got its genome mapped in 1997.
 Myrmecological News (previous name: Myrmecologische Nachrichten) is an independent international non-profit peer-reviewed scientific journal devoted to all aspects of ant research. In a mix of research and review articles all fields of myrmecology are covered.It was relaunched in 2004.
 That Good Night is a play by NJ Crisp written with the intention of it being performed by Donald Sinden and his son Marc Sinden playing the central characters of the father and son.
 Golden Fresh Land is a newspaper published in Burma. Due to law changes the paper began freely publishing from 1 April 2013. Golden Fresh Land is run by Khin Maung Lay who worked for the Mogyo Daily prior to 1964 and has served multiple prison terms for speaking out against the government.
 Vesy (Russian: Весы́; English: The Balance or The Scales) was a Russian symbolist magazine published in Moscow from 1904 to 1909 with the financial backing of philanthropist S. A. Polyakov. It was edited by the major symbolist writer Valery Bryusov.
 Wolverine: Origins is a comic book series written by Daniel Way published by Marvel Comics and starring Wolverine. Steve Dillon drew the series from the first issue through issue #25.
 Tales of Ordinary Madness is one of two collections of short stories by Charles Bukowski that City Lights Publishers culled from its 1972 paperback volume Erections Ejaculations Exhibitions and General Tales of Ordinary Madness. (The other volume is entitled The Most Beautiful Woman in Town). Both volumes were first published in 1983 and remain in print.
 Women of Trachis (Ancient Greek: Τραχίνιαι Trachiniai; also translated as The Trachiniae) is an Athenian tragedy by Sophocles.
 The Nightmare Lands is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 The Sensual Santa is a one-page comic by Daniel Clowes. It originally appeared in Eightball #14 (published in October 1994) and was reprinted in the Clowes collections Orgy Bound and Twentieth Century Eightball.The comic's titular character is a pudgy blond bearded middle-aged man wearing a pink tank top and a lavender cap.
 London Match is a 1985 spy novel by Len Deighton. It is the concluding novel in the first of three trilogies about Bernard Samson a middle-aged and somewhat jaded intelligence officer working for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6). London Match is part of the Game Set and Match trilogy being preceded by Berlin Game and Mexico Set. This trilogy is followed by the Hook Line and Sinker trilogy and the final Faith Hope and Charity trilogy.
 The Enterprise of Death is a historical fantasy novel by Jesse Bullington published in 2011. It recounts the journeys of Awa a lesbian Moor necromancer through an irreverently portrayed 16th-century Europe helped by friends who include historical figures such as the polymath Paracelsus and the artist-mercenary Niklaus Manuel.
 The Doctor In War is a book published in November 1918 by Woods Hutchinson an American medical doctor who travelled throughout Europe from 15 January to 24 December 1917 visiting hospitals ambulance trains and other locations to offer his services to the war effort during World War I.
 Mahjong Hishō-den: Naki no Ryū (麻雀飛翔伝 哭きの竜) is a mahjong centric Japanese manga by Junichi Nojo which was also adapted into an OAV between 1988 and 1990.It was also adapted into four video games released between 1990 and 1995.
 Swords Against Tomorrow is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Robert Hoskins.
 Monkey: A Folk-Tale of China more often known as simply Monkey is an abridged translation by Arthur Waley of the sixteenth century Chinese novel Journey to the West (Chinese: 西游记; pinyin: Xī Yóu Jì) by Wu Cheng'en of the Ming dynasty. Originally published in 1942 it remains one of the most-read English-language versions of the novel.
 Prisoners of Hope: The Story of Our Captivity and Freedom in Afghanistan is the 2003 memoir of American missionaries and aid workers Dayna Curry and Heather Mercer. The book details their early lives their humanitarian work in Afghanistan and their three months of imprisonment by the Taliban in 2001.Born to middle-class American families Curry and Mercer met at Antioch Community Church in Waco Texas.
 Misshitsu (蜜室 Honey Room) is an explicit hentai manga by Yūji Suwa (諏訪優二) under the pen name of Beauty Hair (ビューティ・ヘア). It was published in Japan in April 2002 (in 20000 copies across 1900 retailers) by the Shobunkan publishing group.
 This Isn't What It Looks Like is a book by anonymous author Pseudonymous Bosch. It is the fourth book in the pentalogy The Secret Series and is the sequel to This Book Is Not Good for You If You're Reading This It's Too Late and The Name of this Book is Secret. The book is based on the sense of sight as the other books are based on scent sound and taste.
 The Boarding House is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 Infidel was written by Christian author Ted Dekker and was released on December 15 2007. It is the second young adult novel in The Lost Book series. These new novels span the fifteen-year period that is gapped in the Circle Trilogy's Black and Red. Thomas Hunter is still the commander of the Forest Guard when these stories occur.
 Civil War: Front Line is an 11-issue limited series tie-in to Marvel Comics's Civil War event which started in August 2006.Part of the story is told from the perspective of two reporters embedded in the opposite camps of the war. Ben Urich follows the stories on Iron Man's side with the pro-registration heroes while Sally Floyd investigates the anti-registration faction headed by Captain America.
 An Appeal from the New to the Old Whigs is a book written by the Irish Whig MP and philosopher Edmund Burke published on 3 August 1791.
 Fortune is a global business magazine published by Time Inc. and founded by Henry Luce in 1930. The publishing business—consisting of Time Life Fortune and Sports Illustrated—grew to become Time Warner. In turn AOL grew as it acquired Time Warner in 2000 when Time Warner was the world's largest media conglomerate. Fortune's primary competitors in the national business magazine category are Forbes—which is also published bi-weekly—and Bloomberg Businessweek.
 The Girls: Sappho Goes To Hollywood is a 2000 book by Diana McLellan that speculates on a romance between Greta Garbo and Marlene Dietrich. The Observer found it purely speculative and uncorroborated. Kirkus found it lively. Publishers Weekly was more approving saying McLellan was able to bring a broader context and new sense of scholarship to the subject.
 A Child Is Born (full title: A Child Is Born: The drama of life before birth in unprecedented photographs. A practical guide for the expectant mother; original Swedish title: Ett barn blir till) is a 1965 photographic book by Swedish photojournalist Lennart Nilsson. The book consists of photographs charting the development of the human embryo and fetus from conception to birth; it is reportedly the best-selling illustrated book ever published.
 Listening for Lions is a children's novel by Gloria Whelan first published in 2005. Set in 1919 it concerns an orphaned girl who becomes involved in an inheritance swindle.
 Dragonsinger is a young adult science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. Published by Atheneum Books in 1977 it was the fourth to appear in the Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne or her son Todd McCaffrey.As the sequel to Dragonsong it was the second book in the Harper Hall of Pern trilogy with a new publisher editor and target audience (young adults). The original Dragonriders of Pern trilogy was completed after publication of the first two Harper Hall books.
 Black Inches (ISSN 1084-2462) was a US-based gay pornographic magazine featuring African-American men. Published by Mavety Media alongside magazines such as Mandate it was established in 1993 and folded in 2009.
 The Brass Check is a muckraking exposé of American journalism by Upton Sinclair published in 1919. It focuses mainly on newspapers and the Associated Press wire service along with a few magazines. Other critiques of the press had appeared but Sinclair reached a wider audience with his personal fame and lively provocative writing style.
 The Most Amazing Man Who Ever Lived is a novel by British author Robert Rankin. It is the third (and final) book in the Cornelius Murphy trilogy sequel to The Book of Ultimate Truths and Raiders of the Lost Car Park. The central story revolves around a 14 year-old schoolboy Norman who is killed while trying to summon a demon to grant him wings.
 Distant Lands (Dalniye Strany Дальние страны) is a 1932 novel by the Soviet children's author Arkady Gaidar.
 Curly: An Illustrated Biography of the Superstooge is a biography of Three Stooges member Jerome (Curly) Howard written by his niece Joan Howard Maurer. It recounts her own memories of her uncle along with interviews with various living relatives that had memories of the rotund stooge.One of the interviews is with Curly's youngest daughter Janie Hanky. Interviews with his first daughter and second wife are also included.Michael Jackson wrote the foreword to the book.
 The Yale Review of Law and Social Action was a student-edited quarterly that was published by Yale University from 1970 to 1973. Hillary Rodham served on its Board of Editors and was an associate editor while attending Yale Law School.
 IS <Infinite Stratos> (Japanese: IS〈インフィニット・ストラトス〉 Hepburn: IS <Infinitto Sutoratosu>) is a Japanese light novel series by Izuru Yumizuru with illustrations provided by Okiura and CHOCO. As of October 2013 8 volumes have been published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J label. From volume 8 onwards the novels will be published by Overlap under their Overlap Bunko label.
 L'essentiel is a francophone free daily newspaper in Luxembourg.
 Transit Visa is a novel set in 1942 by Anna Seghers.The protagonist travels from Paris after the German invasion to unoccupied Marseilles. The visas and paperwork to flee become a matter of life and death.
 Sorcerer's Apprentice is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author Tahir Shah.As a child in rural England Tahir Shah learned the first secrets of illusion from an Indian magician. More than two decades later he set out in search of this conjurer the ancestral guardian of his great grandfather’s tomb. Sorcerer’s Apprentice is the story of his quest for and initiation into the brotherhood of Indian godmen.
 Pravda (the Slovak word for Truth) is a major newspaper in Slovakia. It is owned by P E R E X a. s..
 Wired: The Short Life and Fast Times of John Belushi is a 1984 non-fiction book by American journalist Bob Woodward about the American actor and comedian John Belushi.Belushi's wife Judith Belushi Pisano has objected to the portrayal of her late husband in Woodward's book and has recently written another biography of Belushi titled Belushi: A Biography.
 Success Story was a 1932 Broadway three act drama written by John Howard Lawson produced by the Group Theatre and staged by Lee Strasberg with Scenic design byMordecai Gorelik. It ran for 121 performances from September 26 1932 to January 1933 at the Maxine Elliott's Theatre. This was actor Russell Collins' Broadway debut. ActorsWilliam Challee and Ruth Nelson were a married couple.
 40 Days and 40 Nights: Darwin Intelligent Design God OxyContin and Other Oddities on Trial in Pennsylvania is a 2007 non fiction book about the Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District trial of 2005. Author Matthew Chapman a journalist screenwriter and director (and the great-great-grandson of Charles Darwin) reported on the trial for Harper's magazine.
 In the Night Kitchen is a popular and controversial children's picture book written and illustrated by Maurice Sendak and first published in 1970. The book depicts a young boy's dream journey through a surreal baker's kitchen where he assists in the creation of a cake to be ready by the morning. It was a Caldecott Honor recipient in 1971. It was adapted into a 5-minute animated short film in 1981 by Gene Deitch.
 Be Love is a Japanese manga magazine targeting women published by Kodansha. It debuted in September 1980. It is one of the leading manga magazines for adult women the first of its kind and was instrumental in the rising popularity of josei manga in the 1980s which led to the creation of other magazines targeted at women such as You and Big Comic for Lady.
 I Know What You Did Last Summer (1973) is a suspense novel for young adults by Lois Duncan.
 Fiasco: The American Military Adventure in Iraq (2006) is a book by Washington Post Pentagon correspondent Thomas E. Ricks. Fiasco deals with the history of the Iraq War from the planning phase to combat operations to 2006 and argues that the war was badly planned and executed. Ricks based the book in part on interviews with military personnel involved in the planning and execution of the war.
 The Freeman is an American libertarian journal published by the Foundation for Economic Education (FEE). It started as a digest sized monthly study journal; it currently appears 10 times per year and is a larger-sized magazine. FEE was founded in 1946 by Leonard E. Read who served as its president until his death in 1983.
 14 October is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Aden Yemen.
 Myrren's Gift is the first book in the The Quickening (series) trilogy by Fiona McIntosh. It details the journeys of Wyl Thirsk.
 Guitar Player is an American popular magazine for guitarists founded in 1967 in San Jose California United States. It contains articles interviews reviews and lessons of an eclectic collection of artists genres and products. It has been in print since the late 1960s and during the 1980s under editor Tom Wheeler the publication was influential in the rise of the vintage guitar market.[citation needed] The magazine is currently edited by Michael Molenda.
 Women Beware Women is a Jacobean tragedy written by Thomas Middleton and first published in 1657.
 The Hartford Courant is the largest daily newspaper in the U.S. state of Connecticut and is often recognized as the oldest continuously-published newspaper in the United States. A morning newspaper serving most of the state north of New Haven and east of Waterbury its headquarters on Broad Street are a short walk from the state capitol. It reports regional news with a chain of bureaus in smaller cities and a series of local editions.
 Clamp School Detectives (Japanese: CLAMP学園探偵団 Hepburn: Kuranpu Gakuen Tanteidan) aka CLAMP Campus Detectives is a manga series by Clamp which was adapted into a 26-episode anime series produced by Bandai Visual and Studio Pierrot.
 Family Business Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Business. The journal's editor is Pramodita Sharma (University of Vermont) (Babson University). It has been in publication since 1988 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Family Firm Institute.
 Pooh and the Philosophers is a novel by John Tyerman Williams published by Dutton 1995 using A. A. Milne's character Winnie-the-Pooh and a part of the Wisdom of Pooh series. It is not a fictional story like many of the Pooh novels but tells of how all of Western philosophy from the last 3000 years is the long preparation for Winnie the Pooh. The book is both humorous and intellectual whether the author intended it to be or not.
 Reincarnation and Biology: A Contribution to the Etiology of Birthmarks and Birth Defects is a 1997 two-part monograph (2268 pages) written by psychiatrist Ian Stevenson and published by Praeger. Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect is a condensation of the two books written for the general reader.Reincarnation and Biology has been reviewed in Omega 36(3):273-274 1997–98 and in the Journal of the American Society for Psychical Research 92:286-291 1999.
 Skulduggery Pleasant: Kingdom of the Wicked is the 7th book in the Skulduggery Pleasant book series. Originally planned to be released on 30 August 2012 in all major markets it was released in Australia and New Zealand on 24 July 2012 due to Derek Landy's Down Under Tour which took place in August. The book was then released on the 30 August for the UK and Ireland.
 Cursed Days (Окаянные дни Okayánnye Dni) is a book by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin compiled of diaries and notes he made while in Moscow and Odessa in 1918-1920. Fragments from it were being published throughout 1925 and 1926 by the Paris-based Vozrozhdenye newspaper. In its full version Cursed Days appeared in the Vol. X of The Complete Bunin (1936) compiled and published in Berlin by the Petropolis publishing house.
 Major Decisions: Taking Charge of Your College Education published in 2010 is a self-help book written by Henry J. Eyring. The intended purpose of the book is to help both current and prospective college students get the most out of their college experience. “Probably the most important thing I’ve learned about higher education is this: you can get everything you hope for—and more—if you take personal responsibility for the design and construction of your education.
 Disputatio is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of analytical philosophy (broadly construed) including philosophies of language logic and mind epistemology and metaphysics. Articles are in English or Portuguese. The journal was established in 1996 and published by the Portuguese Philosophy Society until 2002. From 2002 it is published by the Philosophy Centre of the University of Lisbon. From 2013 the journal is published online only as an open access journal.
 Hide and Seek is a science fiction short story written by Arthur C. Clarke and first published in 1949 in the magazine Astounding Science-Fiction. It was subsequently published as part of a short story collection in Expedition to Earth in 1953.
 The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao (2007) is a best-selling novel written by Dominican author Junot Díaz. Although a work of fiction the novel is set in New Jersey where Díaz was raised and deals explicitly with his ancestral homeland's experience under dictator Rafael Trujillo. It has received numerous positive reviews from critics and went on to win numerous prestigious awards in 2008 such as the National Book Critics Circle Award and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
 A Deadly Secret:The Strange Disappearance of Kathie Durst is the true story of Robert Durst the heir to a New York real estate dynasty who has been a person of interest in the missing-person case of his wife Kathie since her 1982 disappearance. The book is written by journalist and author Matt Birkbeck and was published by Berkley/Penguin. A Deadly Secret was released in hardcover in 2002 and in paperback in 2003.Birkbeck covered the Durst case for People Magazine and Reader's Digest.
 Perú.21 is a Peruvian newspaper based in Lima.
 Perception is a peer-reviewed scientific journal specialising in the psychology of vision and perception. It is available in print form and online. It publishes primary research from any discipline within the sensory sciences. The journal is indexed in PubMed.
 The Nonesuch is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer. The story is set in 1816/1817.
 The List of Seven is a 1993 novel by Mark Frost. Though initially an occult murder mystery the story brings in conspiracy theory vendetta horror history and Theosophy. The main character is a real historical person (albeit engaging in fictional actions) and several other historical figures appear in the story.Mark Frost followed the book with a sequel in 1995 The Six Messiahs.
 L’Artiste was a weekly illustrated review published in Paris from 1831 to 1904 supplying the richest single source of contemporary commentary on artists exhibitions and trends from the Romantic era to the end of the nineteenth century.Originally L'Artiste addressed fine arts and literature but by 1859 literature became its primary concern. It later absorbed the Revue de Paris. Important editors included A. Ricourt H. Delaunay and Arsène Houssaye.
 Solanin (ソラニン Soranin) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Inio Asano. It was serialised in Shogakukan's Weekly Young Sunday from 2005 to 2006. The manga is licensed and published in English by Viz Media in French by Kana and in Chinese by Taiwan Tohan. The manga was nominated for the 2009 Eisner Award for Best U.S. Edition of International Material – Japan.The manga was made into a live-action film starring Aoi Miyazaki as the female protagonist.
 The Early Coorgs is a book written by Mookonda Kushalappa about the history of Kodagu. It speaks of the mythology of the region of Kodagu (also called Coorg) both classical and folk the origins of its inhabitants (Coorgs) and the prehistory of the region based on megaliths. It also speaks of the early period of the region when it was ruled by Rajas (princes) and by Nayakas (barons) based on inscriptions.
 The Incandescent Ones is a science fiction novel by astrophysicist Fred Hoyle and his son Geoffrey Hoyle. It was first published in 1977. The novel describes the eventful epic journey of the narrator which seems to begin as a story of Cold War espionage but involving life forces beyond Earth finally leads to Jupiter.
 CoroCoro Comic (コロコロコミック KoroKoro Komikku) is a Japanese monthly manga magazine published by Shogakukan It was established on May 15 1977. Its main target is elementary school aged boys younger than the readers of shōnen manga.
 Conservation and Society is a quarterly open-access peer-reviewed academic journal covering political ecology human–wildlife conflicts decentralised conservation conservation policy ecosystem structure and functioning systematics community and species ecology behavioural ecology landscape ecology restoration ecology and conservation biology. The editor-in-chief is Kamaljit Bawa (University of Massachusetts Amherst).
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R (遊☆戯☆王 R Yūgiō Āru lit. Game King R) is a Japanese manga series written by Akira Ito based on Kazuki Takahashi's Yu-Gi-Oh! manga. The series which is a spin-off side story to the original manga was serialized in Shueisha's V-Jump magazine between April 2004 and December 2007 and was published in North America by Viz Media.
 The Pasyón (Spanish: Pasión) is a Philippine epic narrative of the Passion Death and Resurrection of Jesus Christ. In stanzas of five lines of eight syllables each the standard elements of epic poetry are interwoven with a colourful dramatic theme. The entirety of the text is chanted during the Lenten season and particularly Holy Week and is a popular Filipino Catholic devotion.
 Personal Computer World (usually referred to as PCW) (February 1978 - June 2009) was the first British computer magazine.Although for at least the last decade it contained a high proportion of Windows PC content (reflecting the state of the IT field) the magazine's title was not intended as a specific reference to this.
 Taki Bacha Rahe Loktantra (Hindi: ताकि बचा रहे लोकतन्त्र) literally So that democracy could be saved is a Hindi novel by Ravindra Prabhat.It was first published in 2011 and is one of the powerful and emerging voices amongst India's post colonial literary stalwarts. This Novel is written in a humorous style and is intended to go beyond the basic concept of comedy.
 Winter of the World is an historical novel by Welsh-born author Ken Follett written in 2012. It is the second book in the Century Trilogy after Fall of Giants.The story starts in 1933 with the Nazi seizure of power includes World War II and concludes in 1949.
 Oh Pray My Wings Are Gonna Fit Me Well is a book of poems by American author Maya Angelou published by Random House in 1975. It is Angelou's second volume of poetry written after her first two autobiographies and first volume of poetry were published. Angelou considers herself a poet and a playwright but is best known for her seven autobiographies especially her first I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings although her poetry has also been successful.
 Tonari no 801-chan (となりの801ちゃん) read as Tonari no Yaoi-chan and literally translated as My Neighbor Yaoi-chan is a Japanese four-panel Internet manga written and illustrated by Ajiko Kojima. The story centers on the relationship between a male otaku named Tibet and his yaoi-obsessed fujoshi girlfriend Yaoi whose obsession manifests itself as a small green furry monster.
 Dune: The Machine Crusade is a 2003 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the fictional Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the second book in the Legends of Dune prequel trilogy which takes place over 10000 years before the events of Frank Herbert's celebrated 1965 novel Dune.
 Monthly Afternoon (月刊アフタヌーン Gekkan Afutanūn) is a Japanese monthly seinen manga anthology published by Kodansha under the Afternoon line of magazines. The first issue was released with a cover date of January 25 1986. Each issue typically has around thirty ongoing stories by various authors and runs about 800 pages.
 The Ultimates is a fourteen-issue comic book limited series written by Mark Millar with art by Bryan Hitch. The series introduces the superhero team the Ultimates and was published by the Ultimate Marvel imprint of Marvel Comics.
 Journal of Mathematics Teacher Education is a peer-reviewed scientific journal within the field of mathematics education. The journal was founded by Thomas J. Cooney and it first appeared in 1998. Published by Springer the journal normally appears in 6 annual issues.
 The Black Hole of Auschwitz is a collection of essays by the Italian author Primo Levi. Originally published under the Italian title Asymmetry and Life it has two distinct halves. The first half The Black Hole of Auschwitz is a collection of essays often prefaces to other books which make a plea against holocaust denial. The second half Other People's Trades are a mixture of essays on a wide variety of subjects.
 Tía Vicenta (Aunt Vicenta) was a satirical current events magazine published in Argentina between 1957 and 1966.
 The Master Mind of Mars is an Edgar Rice Burroughs science fantasy novel the sixth of his famous Barsoom series. Burroughs' working titles for the novel were A Weird Adventure on Mars and Vad Varo of Barsoom. It was first published in the magazine Amazing Stories Annual vol. 1 July 15 1927. The first book edition was published by A. C.
 Common Nonsense: Glenn Beck and the Triumph of Ignorance is a 2010 book by investigative reporter Alexander Zaitchik. Released in June 2010 the book attempts to critically explain the life story and phenomenon of conservative host Glenn Beck.
 Esio Trot is a 1990 children's novel written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake.
 The Heart of a Distant Forest (1984) was the first novel published by U.S. author Philip Lee Williams. It remains in print 25 years after publication.
 My Only King (ボクだけの王さま Boku Dake no Ousama) is a Japanese boys love manga written and illustrated by Lily Hoshino. It was released in English by Digital Manga Publishing on March 15 2006.
 The Red and the Green is a 1965 novel by Iris Murdoch that covers the events leading up to and during the Easter Rebellion in Ireland during World War I.
 The Inscrutable Americans is a 1991 novel by Anurag Mathur. Tri-Color Communications adapted the book into a film in 1999.
 Middle School The Worst Years of My Life is a realistic fiction novel by James Patterson that serves as the beginning of Patterson's Middle School series. Published in the United States by Little Brown and Company on June 27 2011 the book follows sixth grader Rafe Khatchadorian as he begins middle school and “copes with the awkwardness of adolescence: crushes bullying family issues as he attempts to break every school rule and collect the most points any student's ever been given.
 The Falls is a 2001 crime novel by Ian Rankin. It is the twelfth of the Inspector Rebus novels. It was the first episode in the second Rebus television series starring Ken Stott airing in 2006 substantially changed from the novel and somewhat resembling the plot of the film Chinatown.
 The Savage Sword of Conan was a black-and-white magazine-format comic book series published beginning in 1974 by Curtis Magazines an imprint of Marvel Comics and then later by Marvel itself. Savage Sword of Conan starred Robert E. Howard's most famous creation Conan the Barbarian and has the distinction of being the longest-surviving title of the short-lived Curtis imprint.
 Pig Earth is the first novel by John Berger in the Into Their Labours trilogy. Once in Europa and Lilac and Flag followed in the trilogy.
 Place to Place (あっちこっち Atchi Kotchi or Acchi Kocchi) is a Japanese yonkoma manga series by Ishiki which began serialisation in Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara magazine from 2006. An anime adaptation by AIC aired on TBS between April and June 2012.
 The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies is a collection of essays by the French literary theorist Roland Barthes. It is a companion volume to his earlier book Mythologies and follows the same format of a series of short essays which explore a range of cultural phenomena from the Tour de France to laundry detergents.
 The Atlas of the British Flora is a book by Franklyn H. Perring and S. Max Walters published by the Botanical Society of the British Isles.It was first published in 1962 with a second edition published in 1976 and a third in 1982.The atlas contains 10-km square distribution maps for all non-critical native and frequently occurring alien vascular plant species found in Britain and Ireland.
 Reprieve from Paradise is a science fiction novel by author H. Chandler Elliott. It was published in 1955 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies.
 Entertaining Mr Sloane is a play by the English playwright Joe Orton. It was first produced in London at the New Arts Theatre on 6 May 1964 and transferred to the West End's Wyndham's Theatre on 29 June 1964.
 Relentless is a 2009 suspense thriller from The New York Times #1 best selling author Dean Koontz. The story follows the plight of best selling author Cullen Cubby Greenwich his wife son and family dog Lassie who are being stalked and hunted by a feared and revered national book critic Shearman Waxx. The novel was released in the US on June 9 2009 by Bantam Books.
 The Roads to Sata written in 1985 by Alan Booth (1946-1993) tells the story of his journey on foot from Cape Soya in Hokkaidō the northernmost point of Japan to Sata the southernmost point of Japan. Booth's journey lasted 128 days and covered 2000 miles. The book was originally published by John Weatherhill Inc in 1985 but was republished by Kodansha Globe in 1997 in paperback.
 The Gaudie is an independent student run newspaper at the University of Aberdeen covering campus and local news. It has been in circulation since 1934 and is currently free-of-charge. The Gaudie is funded directly by Aberdeen University Students' Association whose President holds the position of Editor-in-Chief for legal reasons. In 2009 it celebrated its diamond (75th) anniversary by holding a ceilidh.
 Hawaii is a novel by James Michener published in 1959. Written in episodic format like many of Michener's works the book narrates the story of the original Hawaiians who sailed to the islands from Bora Bora the early American missionaries (in this case Calvinist missionaries) and merchants and the Chinese and Japanese immigrants who traveled to work and seek their fortunes in Hawaii. The story begins with the creation of the islands themselves at the dawn of time and ends in the mid-1950s.
 The Indian Journal of Palliative Care is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Palliative Care. The journal publishes articles on the subject of palliative and supportive care including palliative nursing.
 La Tribune is a French Canadian daily newspaper founded and published in Sherbrooke Quebec since 1910. It is owned by Gesca Limitee a subsidiary of Power Corporation.
 TES is a weekly UK publication aimed primarily at school teachers in the UK. It was first published in 1910 as a pull-out supplement in The Times newspaper. Such was its popularity that in 1914 the supplement became a separate publication selling for 1 penny.TES focuses on school-related news and features. It covered higher education until the Times Higher Education Supplement (THE) was launched as a sister publication in 1971. Today its editor is Ann Mroz.
 First published on 3 April 1925 Farrago is Australia's oldest student newspaper. Farrago is published by the Melbourne University Student Union.
 Always Hiding is a novel written by Filipino-American novelist Sophia Romero. Published by the William Morrow and Company in March/April 1998 the 272-page English-language novel's title was the translation of the Tagalog-language phrase Tago nang tago. Abbreviated as TNT the phrase is a moniker for an illegal alien in the United States who always has to hide and be cautious in his/her movements so as not to be found and caught by immigration authorities.
 Fountain of Age is a science fiction novella published in 2007 by Nancy Kress. It won the 2008 Nebula Award for Best Novella and was nominated for the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Novella.
 The Return of the Soldier is the debut novel of English novelist Rebecca West first published in 1918. The novel recounts the return of the shell shocked Captain Chris Baldry from the trenches of The First World War from the perspective of his female cousin Jenny.
 Dying of the Light is American author George R. R. Martin's first novel published in 1977. Martin's original title for this science fiction novel was After the Festival; its title was changed before its first hardcover publication.
 Fall of a Kingdom is the first novel in the Farsala Trilogy by American author Hilari Bell. It was previously published under the name Flame! The series it was in was also referred to as the Book of Sorahb.
 The Games Machine also known by the acronym TGM is an Italian video game magazine that features previews reviews and cheat codes.
 Prelude to Foundation is a Locus Award nominated 1988 novel written by Isaac Asimov. It is one of two prequels to the Foundation series. For the first time Asimov chronicles the fictional life of Hari Seldon the man who invented psychohistory and the intellectual hero of the series.
 The King's Stilts is a children's book written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published in 1939 by Random House. Unlike many Dr. Seuss books it is narrated in prose rather than verse.
 Shiroi Heya no Futari (白い部屋のふたり literally: Our White Room or Couple of the White Room) is a yuri manga by Ryoko Yamagishi one of the Year 24 Group. It was first published by Shueisha in Ribon in 1971 making it one of the earliest shōjo yuri manga and is the story of a romance between two girls at a prestigious all-girls school in France.
 Deadlocked is a 2012 urban fantasy novel by American author Charlaine Harris and is the twelfth and penultimate book in her The Southern Vampire Mysteries. The book was released on May 1 2012 by Ace Books.
 Conan the Championis a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in April 1987 and reprinted in January 1989. The first British edition was published in paperback by Sphere Books also in January 1989.
 Tales of Sword and Sorcery Featuring Dagar the Invincible is a comic book series created by writer Donald Glut and artist Jesse Santos for Western Publishing' Gold Key Comics line.
 The Purcellville Gazette is a weekly tabloid-style newspaper covering the area in and around Purcellville Virginia and western Loudoun. It is fully supported by amounts paid by advertisers and is distributed without charge. In addition to Purcellville the Gazette is an Official Paper of Record for Loudoun County Hamilton Lovettsville and Round Hill. The Gazette was founded by R. Ben Weber Kim Weber and Judy Stearns in May 2004.
 The Land of Stories: The Wishing Spell is a children's fiction novel written by actor Chris Colfer. It was released on July 17 2012 and is the first in The Land of Stories trilogy.The Land of Stories: The Wishing Spell is described by Colfer as a modern day fairy tale following twins Alex and Conner Bailey as they fall from the real world into a world full of fairy tales they have only ever read about before.
 No Dominion is a 2006 pulp-noir / horror novel by American writer Charlie Huston.This book is the sequel to Already Dead and follows the life of the vampire detective Joe Pitt. The title of the book is an allusion to the Dylan Thomas poem And Death Shall Have No Dominion which appears in the book.
 Track & Field News is an American monthly sports magazine founded in 1948 by brothers Bert Nelson and Cordner Nelson focused on the world of track and field.The magazine provides coverage of athletics in the U.S.A. from the high school to national level as well as covering the sport on an international bases. The magazine has given itself the motto of The Bible of the Sport.E. Garry Hill is the magazine's editor and Sieg Lindstrom is the managing editor.
 Invaders from the Dark is a horror novel by author Greye La Spina. It was published by Arkham House in 1960 in an edition of 1559 copies. It was La Spina's first and only hardcover book.The novel was originally serialized in Weird Tales magazine. It appeared in the April May and June 1925 issues.
 Golden Buddha is a thriller novel written by Clive Cussler and co-authored with Craig Dirgo. It is the first in The Oregon Files series.
 Halo: The Flood is a 2003 novel based on the 2001 Xbox video game Halo: Combat Evolved written by William C. Dietz. Closely depicting the events of the video game The Flood begins with the escape of a human ship Pillar of Autumn from enemy aliens known as the Covenant. When the Pillar of Autumn unexpectedly discovers a massive artifact known as Halo the humans must square off against the Covenant and a second terrifying force in a desperate attempt to uncover Halo's secrets and stay alive.
 NANO is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal published by World Scientific covering recent developments and discussions in the field of nanoscience and technology. The journal was established in 2006 with six issues annually. Topics covered include nanomaterials characterization tools fabrication methods numerical simulation and theory.
 A Guide to the Perplexed (originally in Hebrew: מוֹרֵה נְבוּכִים‎ Mōrē Nəḇūḵīm) is a novel written by Israeli-born British musician and anti-zionist political activist Gilad Atzmon in 2001.
 Rationality And Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Sociology. The journal's editor is Douglas D Heckathorn (Cornell University). It has been in publication since 1989 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Every Second Counts is a 2003 autobiographical book by cyclist Lance Armstrong written in collaboration with sports writer and columnist Sally Jenkins. It is a follow-up to Armstrong's It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life which was also written with Sally Jenkins.
 Abra Cadaver is a crime novel by the American writer James N. Tucker set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of Dr. Jack Merlin full-time surgeon part-time magician and now sleuth who discovers the body of an old classmate in the gross anatomy lab at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
 Shakespeare's Memory (original Spanish title: La memoria de Shakespeare) is a short story collection published in 1983 that collects the last stories by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges which had been published in diverse mediums such as the national newspapers La Nación and Clarín. It was published three years before the author's death.An English translation of the stories by Andrew Hurley was published in Collected Fictions.
 Program: Electronic Library and Information Systems is a journal concerning information systems for libraries etc. It is published by Emerald Group Publishing Limited.The journal is peer refereed and covers all aspects of the management and use of IT in archives galleries information centres libraries museums and the information industry in general. The journal emphases practical applications of new technologies and techniques.
 Nonchan Noriben (のんちゃんのり弁) is a Japanese manga by Kiwa Irie. It was adapted into two television drama series in 1997 and 1998 and a live-action film in 2009.
 There’s a Bat in Bunk Five (1980) is a young adult novel written by Paula Danziger. In this sequel to The Cat Ate My Gymsuit Marcy Lewis finds herself as a counselor in training at the summer camp near Woodstock New York run by her former English teacher Ms. Finney whom Marcy has missed after Ms. Finney had been fired from her job.
 The American Journal of Psychiatry is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of psychiatry and the official journal of the American Psychiatric Association. The first volume was issued in 1844 at which time it was known as the American Journal of Insanity. The title changed to the current form with the July issue of 1921.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 14.721.
 Darkest Hour is a young adult novel written by Meg Cabot. It is the fourth part of The Mediator series. The novel was first published in 2001 and was the last of the series to appear under the pseudonym Jenny Carroll. In the UK it was published with the title Young Blood.
 Champagne for One is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1958.The back matter of the 1995 Bantam edition of this book includes an exchange of correspondence between Stout and his editor at Viking Press Marshall Best. A letter from Stout to Best dated July 1958 shows that Stout suggested as a title both Champagne for One and also Champagne for Faith Usher. Best's reply states that Viking was quite satisfied with Champagne for One.
 Dissolution (2003) is a historical mystery novel by British author C. J. Sansom. It is Sansom's first published novel and the first in the Matthew Shardlake series.
 Other Losses is a 1989 book by Canadian writer James Bacque in which Bacque alleges that U.S. General Dwight Eisenhower intentionally caused the deaths by starvation or exposure of around a million German prisoners of war held in Western internment camps briefly after the Second World War.
 Garfield's Travel Adventures is a 2005 DVD released February 15 2005 featuring 3 original CBS TV specials based on the popular comic strip Garfield. The DVD featured the three specials based on when Garfield and others go somewhere besides their home: Garfield in the Rough Garfield in Paradise and Garfield Goes Hollywood. The cover art featured Garfield lying down on the Earth in Outer Space and the yellow disc featured Garfield's face with sunglasses on top.
 The Dreams in the Witch House and Other Weird Stories is Penguin Classics' third omnibus edition of works by 20th-century American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in September 2004 and is still in print.This edition is the third in Penguin Classics' series of paperback collections. It collects the definitive editions of Lovecraft's popular stories as edited by S. T. Joshi.
 The Leopard Hunts in Darkness is a novel by Wilbur Smith set in the early days of Zimbabwe's independence and is the fourth in Wilbur Smith's series about the Ballantyne family of Rhodesia.
 Kirin (キリン) is a Japanese manga series by Shohei Harumoto. It was adapted into a live action film in 2012.
 The Host is a science fiction/romance novel by Stephenie Meyer. The book is about Earth being invaded by a parasitic alien race known as Souls and follows one Soul's predicament when the consciousness of her human host refuses to co-operate with the takeover of her body.The Host was released on May 6 2008 with an initial print run of 750000 copies.
 Wasted is a comic book series written and drawn by Gerry Alanguilan and published by Alamat Comics since July 1994 through July 1996. It was first released as an eight-issue photocopied comics and later collected into one volume by Alamat Comics in 1998 releasing a total of 500 copies.
 The Sword of Aldones is a sword and planet novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published by Ace Books in 1962 dos-à-dos with Bradley's novel The Planet Savers. Bradley revised and rewrote the novel publishing it as Sharra's Exile in 1981.In his 1977 review of the re-release of The Sword of Aldones Lester del Rey wrote It presents a somewhat different Darkover than we find in later novels.
 Club Dead is the third book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries released in 2003. In Club Dead Sookie's boyfriend Bill disappears while working on a secret project and Sookie heads out to Jackson Mississippi in hopes of retrieving him alive. In this quest she enlists the aid of a werewolf Alcide Herveaux and of vampire Eric.The novel was adapted as the third season of True Blood the HBO series based on the novels however with a few notable differences.
 For other uses see Headless Horseman (disambiguation)The Headless Horseman is a novel by Mayne Reid written in 1865 or 1866 and is based on the author's adventures in the United States. The Headless Horseman or A Strange Tale of Texas was set in Texas and based on a south Texas folk tale.
 Dark Tide II: Siege was originally to be the second in a proposed trilogy in the New Jedi Order series of novels. It was to be written by Michael A. Stackpole and published in 2000. The book was to take place between the two books of what became the Dark Tide duology: Onslaught and Ruin. Before the book was written however the production company producing the series cancelled the book and made the Dark Tide trilogy a duology.
 Synthetic Men of Mars is a science fantasy novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs the ninth of his Barsoom series. It was first published in the magazine Argosy Weekly in six parts in early 1939. The first complete edition of the novel was published in 1940 by Edgar Rice Burroughs Inc.Despite a successful career stretching back more than two decades Burroughs had trouble finding a publisher for the serialized version of the novel.
 Lá Nua (meaning 'New Day') was an Irish language daily newspaper based in Belfast. It was the first daily newspaper in Ireland to be published in Irish. Lá Nua belonged to the Belfast Media Group and was sister paper of The Andersonstown News.Established in the 1980s it developed from a broadsheet format to a European tabloid size. With a print circulation of a few thousand and an active website Lá Nua catered for the Irish language community throughout the island and abroad.
 Full Circle is a free distribution Portable Document Format magazine that was launched in April 2007. The magazine is an independent publication and is not affiliated with Canonical Ltd. the sponsors of the Ubuntu operating system. It is advertising-supported and relies on volunteer writers for much of its editorial content.The publication is aimed at users of the Ubuntu operating system and all its derivatives including Kubuntu Xubuntu and Edubuntu.
 Brida is a novel by Brazilian author Paulo Coelho. It is the story of a beautiful young Irish girl and her quest for knowledge. On her journey she meets a wise man who teaches her to overcome fear and a woman who teaches her how to dance to the hidden music of the world. They see in her a gift but must let her make her own voyage of discovery. As Brida seeks her destiny she struggles to find a balance between her relationships and her desire to transform herself.
 My Paranoid Next Door Neighbor (隣の部屋のパラノイア Tonari no Heya no Paranoia) is a one-shot Japanese manga by Kazuka Minami. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint 801 Media on August 20 2007.
 Conan the Adventurer was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics for 14 issues from 1994 to 1995. Written by Roy Thomas and illustrated in most cases by Rafael Kayanan it follows the travels of a young Conan the Barbarian seeing the world for the first time. It was aimed at a younger audience than the earlier Conan books.
 Mr. Frank the Underground Mail-Agent is an 1853 parody novel written by an unknown author credited as Vidi.
 Hala Madrid is a Spanish sports magazine entirely dedicated to the football club Real Madrid. Issues are published every four weeks for the Real Madrid club members and the Madridistas Fan Club Card Holders. Its name means Forward Madrid or Go Madrid. Contributors to the magazine include former Real Madrid manager José Mourinho and specialised journalists from other media who both write monthly columns.
 Dino: Living High in the Dirty Business of Dreams is a biography of Dean Martin written by Nick Tosches. It draws heavily from interviews Tosches did with Jerry Lewis and Martin's second wife and lifelong friend Jeanne Biegger. The story begins with the births of Martin's grandparents in Italy and follows his entire life up to the point of publication.
 The Journal of Rail and Rapid Transit Part F of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research on engineering applicable to rail and rapid transit. The journal was first published in 1989 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 Bunte is a German weekly magazine; coverage includes celebrity gossip news and lifestyle matters. It is published by Bunte Entertainment Verlag GmbH a wholly owned subsidiary of Hubert Burda Media.The magazine began publication edited by Franz Burda as Das Ufer. In 1954 it became an illustrated magazine and was renamed Bunte Illustrierte. The modern format Burda is quoted as saying was inspired by Andy Warhol.
 In Letter on the Blind (French: Lettre sur les aveugles à l'usage de ceux qui voient) Denis Diderot takes on the question of visual perception a subject that at the time experienced a resurgence of interest due to the success of medical procedures that allowed surgeons to operate on certain cases of blindness from birth.
 Anastasia Krupnik (1979) is the first book of a popular series of middle-grade novels by Lois Lowry depicting the title character's life as a girl just trying to grow up. Anastasia deals with everyday problems such as popularity and the wart on her thumb. The book is written in episodic fashion each chapter self-contained with minimal narrative link to the others.
 The Meridian Star is a daily newspaper published each morning in Meridian Mississippi USA covering Lauderdale County and adjoining portions of West Alabama and East Mississippi. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holding Inc.Founded as The Evening Star in 1898 by Charles Pinckney Dement and his son James Washington Dement the paper was published each afternoon until early 2005 when morning delivery was implemented.
 A Shot at History: My Obsessive Journey to Olympic Gold is 2011 autobiography of Indian Olympic Gold medalist Abhinav Bindra. He won it in the 10m Air Rifle category which made him India's first ever individual gold medalist this victory can after he manage to receive only the seventh rank at the 2004 Athens Olympics. However due to Bindra's inexperience in writing he co-authored the book with sportswriter Rohit Brijnath which took them two years to complete.
 The Magic Touch (親指からロマンス Oyayubi kara Romance) is a Japanese shōjo manga written and illustrated by Izumi Tsubaki. It was seralised in Hana to Yume magazine and collected into nine bound volume by Hakusensha between 2004 and 2007. It is licensed in North America by Viz Media which released the first volume of the manga on February 3 2009 and the final volume on August 3 2010. It is licensed in French by Akata which is releasing the manga as Sweet Relax.
 Non Serviam is a 1945 poetry collection by the Swedish writer Gunnar Ekelöf. The title comes from the Christian phrase Non serviam which is Latin for I will not serve and is attributed to Lucifer.
 Before I Wake (2006) is a novel by Robert J. Wiersema. The events of the novel take place in Victoria British Columbia Canada.
 YETI magazine is a journal focused on art music and literature based in Portland Oregon United States. It is published by YETI publishing (who have also published books by Luc Sante Tara Jane O'Neil and Jana Martin). YETI was founded in Seattle Washington by Mike McGonigal author of the 33⅓ book on the album Loveless former editor of '80s 'zine Chemical Imbalance and a freelance writer (including contributions to Pitchfork Media).
 The Times-Gazette is a daily newspaper published weekdays and Saturdays in Hillsboro Ohio. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.Published as a daily since October 1 1973 (when it was called the Hillsboro Press Gazette) The Times-Gazette traces its history back to a long succession of weekly newspapers covering Hillsboro and Highland County Ohio starting with the Hillsborough Gazette and Highland Advertiser in 1818.
 This Charming Man is a 2008 novel by Irish author Marian Keyes. It centres on the engagement of popular politician Paddy de Courcy and the impact this has on the women in his life. The novel won the Popular Fiction Award at the Irish Book Awards 2009 having received the most votes from the Irish public.
 Population Control: Real Costs Illusory Benefits is a nonfiction book by Steven W. Mosher first published in 2008.Population Control is a detailed exposition on the global effort to combat what many see as overpopulation. Steven argues that not only are the methods employed by the those who advocate universal population control immoral in many cases but overpopulation itself is a myth.
 Lupin III (ルパン三世 Rupan Sansei) also written as Lupin the Third or Lupin the 3rd is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Monkey Punch.
 Aramaya is a 1999 fantasy novel by Jane Routley. It follows the second book in the series Fire Angels with Dion arriving in the capitol of Akieva in search of her missing niece.
 Happy! (ハッピー!) is a sports manga written and illustrated by Naoki Urasawa. It was published in Big Comic Spirits from 1993 till 1999.The story is about a teenage heroine who embarks on a career as a professional tennis player to repay an enormous debt incurred by her brother to Yakuza loan sharks with the threat that if she fails they will force her into a life of prostitution at a soapland.
 Warrior’s Refuge is the second in an original English-language manga trilogy based on the best-selling book series Warriors by Erin Hunter. The manga was published by the distributor Tokyopop and was released on December 26 2007 along with Dark River the second book in Warriors: Power of Three. It follows Graystripe and Millie as they journey to find ThunderClan. It is drawn by James Barry.
 An Altar Boy Named Speck also named Speck the Altar Boy is a newspaper comic strip. It ran from 1953 until 1974. It was created by Tut le Blanc and Margaret Ahern. Tut Le Blanc drew the strip from 1953 to 1954 and then Margaret Ahern took over the duties from 1955 to 1979. It relates the story of a mischievous but lovable youngster who keeps getting into some trouble or the other.
 World War 3 Illustrated is an American comics anthology magazine with a left-wing political focus founded in 1980 by New York comic book artists Peter Kuper and Seth Tobocman and painter Christof Kohlhofer and subsequently produced by a collective with a rotating editorship. Other frequent contributors mostly based in New York City include Isabella Bannerman Sue Coe Scott Cunningham Eric Drooker Sandy Jimenez Sabrina Jones Mac McGill Kevin Pyle James Romberger.
 Hotarubi no Mori e (Japanese: 蛍火の杜へ lit. Into the Forest of Fireflies' Light) is a one-shot shōjo manga written by Yuki Midorikawa. It was published in the July 2002 issue of LaLa DX in Japan and in July 2003 it was reprinted in a tankōbon short story collection of the same name which included four romantic one-shot stories written by Midorikawa.
 The Goshen News is a six-day Wednesday through Monday daily newspaper serving Goshen Indiana and adjacent portions of Elkhart County Indiana. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 The Best Australian Poetry 2007 is an anthology of poetry published by UQP in 2007. The series editors are Bronwyn Lea and Martin Duwell; the guest editor for the 2007 anthology was John Tranter. The selected poems were drawn from the following Australian literary magazines: The Australian Book Review Blast magazine Blue Dog Famous Reporter Going Down Swinging Heat Hecate Meanjin Southerly Space: New Writing and the Weekend Australian.The 40 contributors are:
 Witiko is a historical novel by Austrian writer Adalbert Stifter about the founding of the Kingdom of Bohemia in the 12th-century. Published in several volumes from 1865 to 1867 Witiko takes its name from its protagonist the knight Witiko of Prčice father of the Vítkovci dynasty. His descendants would come to play such an important role at the Prague royal court that they were called the real lords of the kingdom.
 The Somerset Guardian and Frome Standard are two weekly local newspapers published in Somerset England. The Somerset Standard & Guardian Series consists of the Frome Standard and the Somerset Guardian. It is owned by Bath News & Media In 2012 Local World acquired Bath News & Media owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.
 The Star is an English-language newspaper published in Amman Jordan every Thursday. The daily Jordan Times and it are the only two English newspapers in the Kingdom and have been so for a long time despite short-lived attempts to create other English newspapers such as the Arab Daily.
 The Bozz Chronicles is a 6-issue comic book series written by David Michelinie published by Epic Comics from December 1985 - December 1986. The series was set primarily in Victorian era England and centered on the crime-solving adventures of Bozz an alien with a long tail and an unpronounceable name who crash-landed on Earth.
 The Gate House Nelson DeMille's sequel to The Gold Coast was released on October 28 2008.
 TheJournal of Dental Biomechanics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers in the field of materials science applied to dentistry. The editors-in-chief are Christoph Bourauel (University of Bonn) and Theodore Eliades (University of Zurich). It was established in 2009 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Gokicha (ごきチャ lit. Cockroach Girls) is a 4-panel manga series created by Rui Tamachi revolving around anthropomorphised cockroaches. The manga originally existed as self-published doujin works first released at Comiket in 2009 before beginning serialization in Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara Carat magazine from July 2011. An anime adaptation by Movic began releasing on Nico Nico Douga in 2012.
 The Man Who Smiled (original: Mannen som log) is a novel by Swedish crime-writer Henning Mankell and is the fourth in the Inspector Wallander series although the English translations have not been published in chronological order.
 Never at War: Why Democracies Will Not Fight One Another is a book by the historian and physicist Spencer R. Weart published by Yale University Press in 1998. It examines political and military conflicts throughout human history and finds no exception to one of the claims made by the controversial democratic peace theory: well-established liberal democracies have never made war on one another.
 Archangel is a 1997 science fiction novel by Sharon Shinn. It is the first book in the Samaria series of novels.
 The Thompson Travel Agency (French: L’Agence Thompson and Co literally The Agency Thompson & Co.) is a 1907 novel attributed to Jules Verne but written by his son Michel Verne.
 Andha Yug (Hindi: अंधा युग The Age of Blindness/ The Blind Age) is 1954 verse play written in Hindi by renowned novelist poet and playwright Dharamvir Bharati (1926 - 1997). It was the first important play of 20th century India.
 The Vampire Armand (1998) is the sixth novel in Anne Rice's The Vampire Chronicles series.
 The Fort Morgan Times is a daily newspaper in Fort Morgan Colorado. It has been published by Prairie Mountain Publishing a unit of MediaNews Group since 1996 when it was acquired by Hollinger.
 Emmanuelle (Emmanuelle: The Joys of a Woman) is an erotic novel by Emmanuelle Arsan originally written in French and published in France in 1967. It was translated into and published in English in 1971 by Mayflower Books. It is a series of explicit erotic fantasies of the author in which she has sex with several—often anonymous—men her husband and several lesbian encounters too.
 The Dragon is a short story by author Ray Bradbury. This story was originally published in 1955 in the magazine Esquire. A limited edition (352 copies signed and numbered or lettered) of the story was published by Footsteps Press in 1988.It appears in A Medicine for Melancholy (1959) R is for Rocket (1962) Classic Stories 1 (1990) and Bradbury Stories (2003).
 Not George Washington is a semi-autobiographical novel by P. G. Wodehouse written in collaboration with Herbert Westbrook. It was first published in the United Kingdom on 18 October 1907 by Cassell and Co. London. Much of the book is a lightly fictionalised account of Wodehouse's early career as a writer and journalist in London.
 Song and Silence: A Guidebook to Rogues and Bards is an optional rulebook for the 3rd edition of Dungeons & Dragons and notable for its trade paperback format.
 Women With Vision! is an English-language Canadian magazine of women's lifestyles and entrepreneurship.The magazine and website cover a variety of women's interests from fashion life coaching motivational speaking beauty home garden and decor to current affairs the arts health food and entertainment.
 Kami Perempoean (Perfected Spelling: Kami Perempuan; Indonesian for We the Women) is a 1943 stage play in one act by Armijn Pane. The six-character drama revolves around a conflict between two couples with the women considering the men cowards for not wanting to join the Defenders of the Homeland and the men afraid of how the women will react to them having secretly joined.
 A Good Man in Africa is the first novel by William Boyd published in 1981. It won both the Whitbread Book Award for a first novel and the Somerset Maugham Award that year.
 The Warlock of Firetop Mountain is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone and illustrated by Russ Nicholson. Originally published by Puffin Books in 1982 the title is the first gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002. As well as launching the Fighting Fantasy series the gamebook inspired two direct sequels four novels and was adapted into a board game and a video game.
 This article is about the novel. For the plant known as Bleeding Hearts see Dicentra spectabilis. Bleeding Hearts is a 1994 crime novel by Ian Rankin under the pseudonym Jack Harvey. It is the second novel he wrote under this name.
 The Keep is a horror novel by F. Paul Wilson. It is also the first volume in a series of six novels known as The Adversary Cycle. It appeared on the New York Times Bestsellers List and has been adapted for film and as a limited-series of comics.
 The International Journal of Biochemistry & Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in all areas of biochemistry and cell biology. The journal also contains a regular series of reviews highlighting developments in modern biochemistry. Another section is entitled Molecules in Focus which each month will publish an article focusing on a topical molecule and highlighting its potential industrial and/or pharmaceutical applications. the editor-in-chiefis Geoffrey J.
 1985 is a novel by English writer Anthony Burgess. Originally published in 1978 it was inspired by and was intended as a tribute to George Orwell's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four.
 Celebration of Life is a one-hour English play written and directed by Sachin Gupta.
 Plugged by Eoin Colfer is a novel released on September 1 2011.The cover was first shown in an interview with Artemis Fowl Confidential. It was published in a slightly revised format.
 Albina Românească (The Romanian Bee) was a Romanian-language bi-weekly political and literary magazine printed in Iaşi Moldavia at two intervals during the Regulamentul Organic period (between June 1 1829 and January 3 1835 and again between January 3 1837 and January 2 1850). The owner and editor was Gheorghe Asachi. It published the literary supplement Alăuta Românească.
 Oral Surgery Oral Medicine Oral Pathology and Oral Radiology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in oral surgery medicine pathology radiology and endodontics published by Mosby. It was previously published as Oral Surgery Oral Medicine Oral Pathology Oral Radiology and Endodonthics.
 Pärnu Postimees is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Jerusalem Commands is a novel by Michael Moorcock. It is the third in the Pyat Quartet tetralogy.
 University Physics is the name of a two-volume book written by Hugh Young and Roger Freedman. Latest editions of the book include eight chapters on modern physics. The first edition was published by Mark Zemansky and Francis Sears in 1949.
 The End of Education is a book by Neil Postman about public education in America. The use of the word end in the title has two meanings: primarily as a synonym for purpose but also as a prediction about the future of public schools if they do not successfully identify and communicate a convincing purpose for their existence within our culture.
 Way of the Rat is an American comic book series published by CrossGen Entertainment in the wuxia sub-genre of martial arts adventure. Written by Chuck Dixon with artwork by Jeff Johnson and Tom Ryder the series ran for a total of twenty-four issues before its publication was stopped due to CrossGen's bankruptcy.The series is set in CrossGen's Sigilverse shared universe in the Empire of Shinacea on the planet Hann Jinn.
 /usr/bin/god was a planned hard science fiction novel by Cory Doctorow originally intended to be published by Tor Books. The story was to involve an out-of-control artificially intelligent spam filter nerd culture Extropian cultists and the end of the world and evolved in part from an expansion of one of the author's earlier stories 0wnz0red.In a June 11 2008 interview with The Onion's A.V.
 Good Calories Bad Calories: Fats Carbs and the Controversial Science of Diet and Health (published as The Diet Delusion in the UK and Australia) is a 2007 book by science journalist Gary Taubes. Taubes argues that the last few decades of dietary advice promoting low-fat diets has been consistently incorrect. Taubes contends that carbohydrates specifically refined carbohydrates like white flour sugar and starches contribute to obesity diabetes heart disease and other ailments.
 December 6 is a 2003 thriller novel by American author Martin Cruz Smith.
 Four Past Midnight is a collection of four novellas by Stephen King published in 1990. The four stories are The Langoliers; Secret Window Secret Garden; The Library Policeman; and The Sun Dog.
 The Wichita Eagle is a daily newspaper published in Wichita Kansas. It is owned by The McClatchy Company which publishes 31 other newspapers including The Kansas City Star. It is the largest newspaper in Wichita Kansas and the surrounding area.
 The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey (published in the northern-hemisphere autumn of 2004) is an unfinished historical novel by English author Patrick O'Brian the twenty-first in the Aubrey-Maturin series. It appeared in the United States of America under the simpler title of 21.
 Stella is a monthly Norwegian women's lifestyle magazine published by Bonnier Media which was launched on 14 March 2011. Its tagline is Indre styrke ytre stil (inner strength outstanding style) and its main focus is on beauty health fashion and lifestyle. The editor is Lene Vintervoll who has extensive experience at Dagbladet and Dagens Næringsliv.The first issue of Stella had Mia Hundvin on the cover and the interview with her led to considerable publicity.
 On a Claire Day is an internationally syndicated comic strip created by Henry Beckett and Carla Ventresca and launched in 2006.It is based around the life of fictional character Claire Bennett an insecure and naive young woman who has left her parents' home to live on her own.
 The White Peacock is a novel by D. H. Lawrence published in 1911. Lawrence started the novel in 1906 and then rewrote it three times. The early versions had the working title of Laetitia.Maurice Greiffenhagen (1862-1931)'s 1891 painting 'An Idyll' inspired D H Lawrence's novel The White Peacock. The painting had a profound effect on the author who wrote: As for Greiffenhagen's 'Idyll' it moves me almost as if I were in love myself.
 The Journal of Automated Reasoning was established in 1983 by Larry Wos who was its editor in chief until 1992. It covers research and advances in automated reasoning — mechanical verification of theorems and other deductions in classical and non-classical logic.The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media. As of 2010 the editor-in-chief is Tobias Nipkow.
 Annihilation Factor is the second science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley expanded from a 1964 short story (The Patch) originally published in New Worlds. It centres on the strains placed on a galactic empire by the appearance of the mysterious planet-devouring patch.
 Archives of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering environmental health and the effects of contaminants on the environment. It was established in 1973 and the editor-in-chief is Daniel R. Doerge (National Center for Toxicological Research).
 Grand Forks Boundary Bulletin was a newspaper in Grand Forks British Columbia. Published on Monday with a circulation of 5410. The paper is no longer in operation.
 The Dark Crusader is a 1961 thriller novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean. The book was initially written under the pseudonym Ian Stuart and later under his true name. It was released in the United States under the title: The Black Shrike.
 Juggler's Three is an Australian play by David Williamson. It was based on the break up of his first marriage.The play was commissioned by John Sumner of the Melbourne Theatre Company in mid 1971. The play underwent many revisions and at one stage included sequences set in Vietnam. The first production was very well reviewed and later transferred from Russell St Theatre to Harry M.
 The Tale of Mr. Tod is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1912. The tale is about a badger called Tommy Brock and his arch enemy Mr. Tod a fox. Brock kidnaps the children of Benjamin Bunny and his wife Flopsy intending to eat them and hides them in an oven in the home of Mr. Tod. Benjamin and his cousin Peter Rabbit have followed Tommy Brock in an attempt to rescue the babies. When Mr.
 The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism is a 2008 non-fiction book by Ron Suskind a Pulitzer Prize-winning author describing various actions and policies of the George W. Bush administration. Most notably it alleges that the Bush administration ordered the forgery of the Habbush letter to implicate Iraq as having ties to al Qaeda and the organizers of the September 11 2001 attacks.
 Blood Lad (ブラッドラッド Buraddo Raddo) is a manga series created by Yuuki Kodama and serialized in Young Ace. The manga series has been licensed for distribution in English by Yen Press. An anime adaptation aired between July 7 and September 8 2013 and was licensed in North America by Viz Media for streaming on their website VizAnime and home video distribution in 2014. Neon Alley also acquired the series for streaming on their web service.
 Star Crossed is a three-issue comic book mini-series published in 1997 under the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix. Written and illustrated by Matt Howarth Star Crossed recounts the surrealist tale of a deep-space romance between a genetically engineered über-woman and a sentient asteroid.
 The Ceylon Journal of Science (Biological Sciences) is a scientific journal that was established in 1958 and is published by the University of Peradeniya. The journal covers all aspects of biology. It was a successor to the Ceylon Journal of Science sections A B and C (covering botany zoology and fisheries respectively).
 Clonk Clonk is one of three novellas by William Golding published together under the title The Scorpion God in 1971. Clonk Clonk is set in pre-historic Africa - some 70000 years ago. A tribe lives under the heat of the African Sun. The men and women live largely separate lives with the women taking the lead and the men being seen as stupid and reckless.[citation needed]
 soL (meaning of Left in Turkish) is a left-leaning newspaper in Turkey.
 The Sweet Shop Owner is the debut novel of the Booker Prize winning author Graham Swift. It was published in 1980 to largely favourable reviews.
 Ender's Game is a series of comic book adaptations of science fiction novels written by Orson Scott Card published by Marvel Comics that began in October 2008. However some have been all new content not released before in novel format. The series like the novels they are based on are set in a future where mankind is facing annihilation by an aggressive alien society an insect-like race known colloquially as Buggers but more formally as Formics.
 Dragons of Summer Flame is a New York Times Bestseller fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman. The events of this novel follow the fictional Chaos War.
 Correio do Povo (The People's Mail) is a Brazilian daily newspaper printed in the city of Porto Alegre located in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. The newspaper is owned by Grupo Record.
 The Devil and Sonny Liston is a biography of world heavyweight champion boxer Sonny Liston by Nick Tosches. The book's title is a reference to the story The Devil and Daniel Webster. Tosches' intended title was Night Train after one of Liston's favorite songs.
 The North Shropshire Chronicle is a local weekly newspaper covering northern Shropshire in England including Wem Whitchurch Ellesmere and many surrounding villages. The North Shropshire Chronicle had been an edition of the Shrewsbury Chronicle for many years but it did not have its own totally separate front and news pages until 1999. It is printed on Wednesday evening and is on sale or distributed on Thursday.The editor of the North Shropshire Chronicle is Mary Queally.
 Lost in the Meritocracy: The Undereducation of an Overachiever is a 2009 memoir by Walter Kirn. It describes his own trip through the American education system from rural Minnesota to Princeton University.The author also wrote an earlier essay under the same title for The Atlantic.The book was reviewed twice in the New York Times.
 The Memory of Water is a comedy written by English playwright Shelagh Stephenson first staged at Hampstead Theatre in 1996.
 A Vindication of The Rights of Whores is an anthology edited by Gail Pheterson with a preface by Margo St.
 The Capital Journal is a newspaper in Pierre South Dakota founded in 1881. It serves the South Dakota capital city of Pierre and the surrounding region including Fort Pierre. As of December 2012 it reported a daily circulation of 10750 with new issues published Monday through Friday (except Christmas Day and New Year's Day).
 The Abolition of Man is a 1943 book by C. S. Lewis. It is subtitled Reflections on education with special reference to the teaching of English in the upper forms of schools and uses that as a starting point for a defense of objective value and natural law and a warning of the consequences of doing away with or debunking those things.
 The Persian Sphinx is a political biographical book that provides full biography of Amir Abbas Hoveyda who was the longest serving prime minister of Iran from 1965 to 1977 during the reign of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. Hoveyda was executed in the aftermath of the Iranian revolution.Full title of the 399-page book is The Persian Sphinx. Amir Abbas Hoveyda and the Riddle of the Iranian Revolution: A Biography. The author of the book is Abbas Milani.
 For the newspaper of the same name formerly published in Birmingham Alabama see Birmingham Post-Herald.The Birmingham Post is a weekly printed newspaper based in Birmingham England with distribution throughout the West Midlands. First published under the name the Birmingham Daily Post in 1857 it has had a succession of distinguished editors and has played an influential role in the life and politics of the city. It is currently owned by Trinity Mirror.
 Aalohari Anandam (Per Capita Happiness) is a Malayalam-language novel by Sarah Joseph published in 2013. The novel was originally serialised in Mathrubhumi Weekly.
 Critic's Choice is a play written by Ira Levin. It opened at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on December 14 1960 and ran for 189 performances closing on May 27 1961. Levin's inspiration was then-New York Herald Tribune drama critic Walter Kerr and his playwright wife Jean. Otto Preminger directed. Oleg Cassini provided the costumes. A play in three acts Critic's Choice tells the story of theater critic Parker Ballantine whose second wife Angela writes a play which is produced on Broadway.
 A&F Quarterly is an American lifestyle periodical by Abercrombie & Fitch. Targeted towards the college-aged youth (18-22) the Quarterly primarily serves as a promotional vehicle for the A&F brand. Its contents prominently feature photo spreads by A&F photographer Bruce Weber and also encompass a variety of articles on lifestyle sex entertainment travel dining and celebrity interviews.The Quarterly's inclusion of nudity and sexuality has been a continual controversial topic.
 The Society of the Spectacle (French: La Société du spectacle) is a work of philosophy and Marxist critical theory by Guy Debord. It was first published during 1967 in France.
 L'Écho du Katanga ('The Echo of Katanga') was a French-language weekly newspaper published from Elisabethville Congo-Leopoldville. l'Écho du Katanga was founded in 1929 by Jean Decoster. It replaced Journal du Katanga which had been founded in 1911. The newspaper promoted European settlement in Congo. Later Decoster's son Albert Decoster took over the post as the editor of l'Écho du Katanga.L'Écho du Katanga was closed down in 1962.
 Greyhawk: The Adventure Begins is a 1998 sourcebook for the World of Greyhawk campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. The 128 page book was written by Roger E. Moore and published by Wizards of the Coast under its then recently acquired TSR imprint.
 Two Serious Ladies is a 1943 modernist novel by the American writer Jane Bowles. It follows two upper-class women Christina Goering and Frieda Copperfield as they descend into debauchery.Bowles' style is often described as singular.In February 2012 an online magazine of the same title was created to honor Bowles' legacy and to promote writing by women.
 A Sight For Sore Eyes is a psychological thriller by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell.
 Democratiya was a free quarterly online review of books that aims stimulate discussion of radical democratic political theory.
 Selected Letters I 1911-1924 is a collection of letters by H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1964 by Arkham House in an edition of 2504 copies. It is the first of a five volume series of collections of Lovecraft's letters and includes a preface by August Derleth and Donald Wandrei.
 Strange Meeting is a novel by Susan Hill about the First World War. The title of the book is taken from a poem by the First World War poet Wilfred Owen. The novel was first published by Hamish Hamilton in 1971 and then by Penguin Books in 1974.
 Circus is a novel written by the Scottish author Alistair MacLean. It was first released in the United Kingdom by Collins in 1975 and later in the same year by Doubleday in the United States.
 Dimitris Lyacos's The First Death is the latest installment of the narrative sequence Poena Damni.
 Hsipaw Yazawin or Thibaw Yazawin (Burmese: သီပေါ ရာဇဝင် lit. Chronicle of Hsipaw (Thibaw)) is a 19th-century Burmese chronicle that covers the history of the Shan state of Hsenwi (Thibaw). It is believed to have been written after the publication of Hmannan Yazawin.
 The Adventures of Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis is the title of a comic book published by DC Comics featuring the popular team of comedians Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. The series ran for 40 issues from 1952 through 1957 at which time the title was renamed because of the real life breakup of the team. The title was continued as The Adventures of Jerry Lewis thereafter for issues #41-124. The new series featured the comedian Jerry Lewis in a variety of humorous situations.
 The Evening Herald is a mid-market tabloid evening newspaper published in Dublin Ireland by Independent News & Media. It is published Monday-Saturday and has three editions — City Edition City Final Edition and National Edition. Despite its name its early editions are usually available by late morning.
 The Dressmaker (US title The Secret Glass) is a novel written by Beryl Bainbridge. In 1973 it was shortlisted for the Booker Prize. Like many of Bainbridge's earlier works the novel is semi-autobiographical. In particular the story was inspired by a relationship that she had with a soldier as a teenager. The characters of Nellie and Margo were based upon two of her paternal aunts.
 The Suffragist was a weekly newspaper published by the Congressional Union for Woman Suffrage in 1913 to advance the cause of Women's suffrage. It was started by Alice Paul with Rheta Childe Dorr as its first editor. In 1914 Alice Paul and Lucy Burns became its editors and later in 1917 Edith Houghton Hooker became its editor.The newspaper ceased publication after the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution allowing Women to vote was passed.
 The Ace of Knaves is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom in 1937 by Hodder and Stoughton and in the United States by The Crime Club. This book continues the adventures of Charteris' creation Simon Templar alias The Saint. Later editions of the book were retitled The Saint in Action.
 Metal Fırtına (English: Metal Storm) is a 2004 novel by Turkish writers Orkun Uçar and Burak Turna. It became an immediate bestseller in Turkey with several hundred thousand copies sold as of 2006.The book gained international attention mainly because of its plot about a war between Turkey and the United States (who are NATO allies) and because of its enthusiastic reception in Turkey.
 Sherds (“fragments of pottery” or potsherds) is a 2007 short novel or novelette written by Filipino National Artist for Literature and multi-awarded author F. Sionil José. According to Elmer A. Ordoñez a writer from The Manila Times in Sherds José achieved “lyrical effects” specially in the novel’s final chapters by putting into “good use” Joseph Conrad’s and Ford Madox Ford’s so-called progression d’effet (literally progression of the effect).
 Under the Sunset is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula) first published in 1881.Its significance in the development of fantasy literature was recognized by its republication by the Newcastle Publishing Company as the seventeenth volume of the celebrated Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library series in October 1978.The stories in the collection are:Under the SunsetThe Rose PrinceThe Invisible GiantThe Shadow BuilderHow 7 Went MadLies and LiliesThe Castle of the KingThe Wondrous ChildThe Shadow Builder was adapted to film in 1998 as Shadow Builder.
 Miniver Cheevy is a narrative poem written by Edwin Arlington Robinson and first published in The Town down the River in 1910.
 Prince Zaleski and Cummings King Monk is a collection of supernatural detective short stories by author M. P. Shiel. It was released in 1977 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 4036 copies. The first three Prince Zaleski stories had appeared in Shiel's first published work Prince Zaleski (London: John Lane; Boston: Roberts Brothers 1895). The fourth was first published in Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine for January 1955.
 China Review International subtitled A Journal of Reviews of Scholarly Literature in Chinese Studies presents English-language reviews of recently published China-related books and monographs from China Taiwan Hong Kong Japan Europe the United States and elsewhere. It is multidisciplinary in scope and international in coverage designed to enable sinologists to keep abreast of cutting-edge scholarship in Chinese studies.The journal was established in 1994 by Roger T.
 Crisis and Transformation in Seventeenth-Century China: Society Culture and Modernity in Li Yü's World is a 1992 book written by Chun-shu Chang and Shelley Hsueh-lun Chang about the transition in seventeenth-century China from the Ming dynasty to the Qing as viewed from a scholar living during the transition Li Yu. The book discusses the state society and culture of the time by examining Li Yu's life and writings. The book received Choice's Outstanding Academic Title Award in 1998.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Ninth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-1-250-00354-6) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published on July 3 2012. It is the 29th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 Dawn at the Royal Star is a 2011 science fiction novel by Canadian writer Jeff Sinasac. It was published as a Kindle E-book by Amazon on August 14 2011. The novel takes place entirely within the fictional Royal Star hotel in downtown Toronto Canada and surrounds the plight of some 500 hotel patrons who awake one morning to find that the entire world beyond their hotel is frozen in time and that they have no way to leave.
 Restaurant is a British magazine aimed at chefs restaurant proprietors and other catering professionals that concentrates on the fine dining end of the industry. The magazine is published monthly by William Reed Business Media and had a circulation of 16642 in 2011-12.It produces an annual list of what it considers to be the best 50 restaurants in the world based on the votes of 837 chefs restaurateurs critics and fun-loving gourmands.
 No Country for Old Men (2005) is a novel by U.S. author Cormac McCarthy. The story occurs in the vicinity of the United States–Mexico border in 1980 and concerns an illegal drug deal gone awry in the Texas desert backcountry.The title of the novel derives from the first line of the first stanza of the poem Sailing to Byzantium (1926) by W. B. Yeats. The book was adapted into the 2007 film of the same name which won four Academy Awards including Best Picture.
 The Stepford Wives is a 1972 satirical thriller novel by Ira Levin. The story concerns Joanna Eberhart a photographer and young mother who begins to suspect that the frighteningly submissive housewives in her new idyllic Connecticut neighborhood may be robots created by their husbands.Two films of the same name have been adapted from the novel; the first starred Katharine Ross and was released in 1975 while a remake starring Nicole Kidman appeared in 2004. Edgar J.
 Diary of a Wombat is a 2002 award-winning picture book written by Jackie French and illustrated by Bruce Whatley. It is the first in the Shaggy Gully books and is one of the most popular of French's works.
 Skeleton Key is the third book in the Alex Rider series written by British author Anthony Horowitz. The book was released in the United Kingdom on July 8 2002 and in the United States on April 28 2003.
 Tibet Through the Red Box is a 2004 theatrical adaptation of author Peter Sis' children's book by American playwright David Henry Hwang. It tells of a boy growing up in Prague into the 1950s. It was commissioned by the Seattle Children's Theatre where it opened on January 30 2004. It was directed by Francesca Zambello.The script is published by Playscripts Inc..
 The Gunslinger is a novella by Stephen King originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in October 1978. In 1982 The Gunslinger was collected with four other stories King published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction as The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. The Gunslinger formed the first chapter of the book and was slightly revised for the inclusion.
 The Harlequin is the fifteenth book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton; it was released June 5 2007.
 Cinnamoroll (シナモロール Shinamorōru) is a character series created by Sanrio in 2001 with character designs from Miyuki Okumura. The main character Cinnamon is a white puppy with long ears blue eyes pink cheeks and a plump and curly tail that resembles a cinnamon roll.
 Superman is an ongoing comic book series featuring the DC Comics hero of the same name. The character Superman began as one of several anthology features in the National Periodical Publications comic book Action Comics #1 in June 1938. The strip proved so popular that National launched Superman into his own self-titled comic book the first for any superhero premiering with cover date June 1939.
 BMC Bioinformatics is an online open access scientific journal that publishes original peer-reviewed research in bioinformatics. The journal is part of a series of BMC journals published by the UK-based publisher BioMed Central.The journal was founded in 2000 publishing its first article on Metabolic flux analysis. In 2008 the journal published 606 articles and 1 review.
 Christie in Love is an early play by Howard Brenton concerning the life of serial killer John Christie who murdered at least six women between 1943 and 1953 when he was caught tried and hanged.
 2nd Chance is the second novel in the Women's Murder Club series written by James Patterson with Andrew Gross. It is the sequel to 1st to Die.
 Baby is a 1973 novel by Danish author Kirsten Thorup. It deals with the disadvantaged members of society those who have failed to make a mark.The novel traces the movements of a selection of losers as they leave a cheap Copenhagen nightclub. There is Mark a car salesman heavily in debt who ultimately separates from his pretty wife Suzie who goes off to Sweden on a drunken escape Leni who translates porno rather than the book she would like to complete and many others.
 Ars Interpres is an online and in-print international literary journal originating in Stockholm. It publishes primarily contemporary English language poetry and English translations of modern Scandinavian and European poetry as well as articles on poetic translation and other related materials. Ars Interpres also includes reviews review-essays interviews art and photography.
 Airman by Eoin Colfer is a best-selling historical adventure novel set in the 19th century. It was released in the UK Ireland and USA in January 2008. The novel was shortlisted for the 2009 Carnegie Medal.Colfer was inspired to write the book after a frightening skydiving experience. He combined this with his childhood observation that the Saltee Islands would make an excellent prison.Most of the story is completely fictional.
 Noisy Nora is a children's book written by Rosemary Wells. This mouse later appeared in the Timothy Goes to School series.
 Nangoku Shōnen Papuwa-kun (南国少年パプワくん lit. Southern Boy Papuwa) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ami Shibata and serialized in Square Enix's manga magazine Monthly Shōnen Gangan from April 1991 to June 1995. The series follows Kotaro who is stranded on an uncharted island inhabited by strange talking animals and has no memory of his past. The series was adapted into an 42-episode anime television series which aired on TV Tokyo from 10 October 1992 to June 1995.
 The Journal of Singing is the peer-reviewed journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing (NATS). Published five times a year the journal provides current information regarding the teaching of singing as well as results of recent research in the field.
 The Journal of Polymer Science Part B: Polymer Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research on all aspects of physics and physical chemistry of polymers including but not limited to theory and experimental behavior of polymeric solutions blends liquid crystals networks membranes biological polymers and interfaces. The journal offers free online access to the full-text content of all review-type articles.The journal is published by John Wiley & Sons.
 Annie Dunne is a novel written by author and playwright Sebastian Barry. First published by Faber and Faber in 2002 it is currently under reprint from Penguin Books. Set in rural Ireland in the late 1950`s the novel recounts the life of Annie who having been made homeless after the death of her sister is forced to move to a farm in Co Wicklow.
 Culture Society and Masculinities is a peer-reviewed journal first published in early 2009 as the fifth published by Men's Studies Press.Culture Society and Masculinities complements the field's pioneering and longest running journal The Journal of Men's Studies.
 Akame ga Kill! (アカメが斬る! Akame ga Kiru! literally meaning Red Eye Killer or Akame Slashes!) is a Japanese shōnen manga series written by Takahiro and illustrated by Tetsuya Tashiro. It started serialization in Square Enix's Gangan Joker in March 2010. The story focuses on Tatsumi a young villager who travels to the Capital to raise money for his home only to discover a strong corruption in the area.
 A Dirty Job is the ninth novel by Christopher Moore published in 2006. While reflecting the author's absurdist tendencies the content of the novel draws in no small part from his own experiences in tending to the needs of close family and friends in the stages of dying.
 The Concept of Mind is a 1949 book by philosopher Gilbert Ryle that has been seen as a founding document in the philosophy of mind which received professional recognition as a distinct and important branch of philosophy only after 1950.
 Doomsday + 1 was an American post-apocalyptic comic-book series published by Charlton Comics in the 1970s.It is best known as the first original color-comics series by artist John Byrne who would go on to become a major industry figure. Byrne had previously drawn three unrelated anthological short stories for comics as well as the first three issues of a Saturday-morning cartoon licensed comic book before co-creating this original series.
 The Last Book of Jorkens is a collection of fantasy short stories around the character Joseph Jorkens by writer Lord Dunsany.
 The Bone Forest is a book opening with a novella of the same name followed by seven short stories. All were written by Robert Holdstock and published in 1991 (UK) and 1992 (US). This novella is a prequel to the entire Mythago Wood cycle.
 The Birds (Greek: Ὄρνιθες Ornithes) is a comedy by the Ancient Greek playwright Aristophanes. It was performed in 414 BC at the City Dionysia where it won second prize. It has been acclaimed by modern critics as a perfectly realized fantasy remarkable for its mimicry of birds and for the gaiety of its songs.
 The Tracy Press is a weekday newspaper published in Tracy California United States. Established in 1898 the Tracy Press has been operated by the Matthews family since 1943. It is currently one of the few family-owned newspapers in California still in existence. As of 2010 the paper has an average weekly circulation of over 19000 and covers both *Tracy California and Mountain House.Bob Matthews is the publisher. In 1999 former publisher Samuel H. Matthews was given the Philip N.
 The Richleighs of Tantamount is a children’s historical novel written by British author Barbara Willard. It was originally published in the United Kingdom in 1966 by the publishers Constable before being published in the United States by Harcourt Brace & World in June 1967. C. Walter Hodges drew the line illustrations and painted the cover portrait for the original edition.
 Tony n’ Tina’s Wedding is an environmental theatre event based on a traditional Italian-American wedding and reception with warm and intrusive stereotypes exaggerated for comic effect. Audience members are treated as guests at the wedding by the interactive improvisational comedy cast.The piece was first performed in an American Legion Hall in 1985.
 Fuzzy Nation (ISBN 0765367033 published by Tor Books) is a 2011 reboot by John Scalzi of H. Beam Piper's 1962 novel Little Fuzzy.
 The Last Arrow is a 1997 historical novel by Canadian author Marsha Canham the third instalment of her Medieval trilogy set in 13th-century England. The novel was published by Dell Publishing in 1997 as a sequel to Canham's 1994 story In the Shadow of Midnight. It received generally positive reviews from book critics.Canham became inspired to write a new interpretation of the Robin Hood legend after experiencing a dream.
 Birds of the World: Recommended English Names is a paperback book written by Frank Gill and Minturn Wright on behalf of the International Ornithological Congress. The book is an attempt to produce a standardized set of English names for all bird species and it is the product of a project set in motion at the 1990 International Ornithological Congress.
 Açoriano Oriental (The Eastern Azorean) is a Portuguese newspaper published daily from Ponta Delgada in the archipelago of the Azores.
 Sharra's Exile is a fantasy novel written by Marion Zimmer Bradley as part of the Darkover series and is a sequel to The Heritage of Hastur. This novel is a complete rewrite of The Sword of Aldones published by Ace in 1962.
 Age of Secrets: The Conspiracy that Toppled Richard Nixon and the Hidden Death of Howard Hughes is a biography on Howard Hughes personal advisor and former U.S. Senate Candidate John H. Meier and written by newspaper reporter Gerald Bellett. The book argues that Meier was one of the people who played a role in affecting President Richard Nixon's resignation in the wake of the Watergate scandal.
 The Dialectic of Sex: The Case for Feminist Revolution is a 1970 book by Shulamith Firestone. A feminist classic it has been called the clearest and boldest presentation of radical feminism.
 The Moment of Eclipse is a 1970 collection of science fiction short stories written by Brian Aldiss between 1965 and 1970. In 1972 the collection in its entirety received the first BSFA Award for short fiction published in 1970-71.
 From Hegel to Nietzsche: The Revolution in 19th Century Thought (German: Von Hegel zu Nietzsche: Der revolutionäre Bruch im Denken des neunzehnten Jahrhunderts) is a 1941 book by Karl Löwith. It gives a wide-ranging account of 19th century German philosophy that considers Karl Marx and Søren Kierkegaard among others in the Hegelian tradition.
 Plum Stones is a collection of short stories by P.G. Wodehouse. All of the stories contain a different Character (such as Plum Pie).It was published after his death (in 1993) by Galahad books. It contains stories previously never published in a book. There is very little known about it and it wasn't widely published. One of the stories is a Bobbie Wickham short story called Dudley Is Back to Normal.
 The Gardner News is a family-owned daily newspaper serving seven cities and towns in northwest Worcester County Massachusetts. In addition to the city of Gardner where it is headquartered it also covers the rural towns of Ashburnham Hubbardston Phillipston Templeton Westminster and Winchendon Massachusetts.The News publishes every day except Sunday. It is noteworthy for printing on one of the widest newsprint webs in New England daily newspapering.
 Yarrow: An Autumn Tale is an urban fantasy novel by Charles de Lint set in 1980s Ottawa. A fantasy writer has a secret source of inspiration: when she dreams she visits a world where magic is real. Unknown to her a supernatural predator who feeds on dreams is feeding on her and destroying that world.
 The Master of Darkness is the twelfth book in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever. This is the final book in the Magnakai series.
 Queen Millennia (新竹取物語 1000年女王 Shin Taketori Monogatari: Sennen Joō) is a manga series by Leiji Matsumoto which was serialized from 28 January 1980through 11 May 1983 in both the Sankei Shimbun and Nishinippon Sports newspapers. The manga series was adapted into a 42-episode anime TV series by Toei Dōga and broadcast on the Fuji TV network from 16 April 1981 through 25 March 1982.
 Pardon madame: pismo iz Čedada is a novel by Slovenian author Boris Jukić. It was first published in 1999.
 Big Planet is the first of two stand-alone science fiction novels by Jack Vance (the other being Showboat World) which share the same setting: an immense but metal-poor and backward world called Big Planet.Big Planet was first published in Startling Stories (vol. 27 no. 2 September 1952) then cut and reissued in 1957 by Avalon Books. It was later issued as part of Ace double novel D-295 paired with Vance's Slaves of the Klau. It was further cut in 1958. The text was restored in 1978.
 Pinki Buli or Pinky Buly is a Bengali drama directed by Meghnad Bhattacharya. This a production of Bengali theatre group Sayak. The drama explores the complex relation between a master and a servant.
 The British National Formulary (BNF) is a pharmaceutical reference book that contains a wide spectrum of information and advice on prescribing and pharmacology along with specific facts and details about many medicines available on the National Health Service (NHS) including indication(s) contraindications side effects doses legal classification names and prices of available proprietary and generic formulations and any other notable points.
 An Invitation to the White House: At Home with History was a book written by First Lady of the United States Hillary Rodham Clinton in 2000. Published by Simon & Schuster the coffee table book described the renovation and refurbishment projects done to the White House during the Clinton administration. As such it was the most traditional of Hillary Rodham Clinton's publications having much less to do with politicking than with hostessing.
 Gatra is a weekly Indonesian news magazine founded in 1994. It is one of the two principal news magazines in the country the other being Tempo.
 Self-Constitution (full title: Self-Constitution: Agency Identity and Integrity) is a philosophical book by Christine Korsgaard in which the author sets out to demonstrate how people determine their own actions. A dialogue with Immanuel Kant is sought throughout the book.
 Echo Burning is the fifth novel in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published in 2001 by Putnam in America and Bantam in the United Kingdom.
 Wicked Bronze Ambition is the fourteenth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 Inari Konkon Koi Iroha (いなり、こんこん、恋いろは。 Inari Konkon ABCs of Love)  also known as InaKon (いなこん) for short is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Morohe Yoshida which began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace magazine from August 2010. A television anime adaptation by Production IMS aired in Japan between January and March 2014.
 Sickness Unto Death (死に至る病 Shi ni Itaru Yamai) is a Japanese manga series written by Hikaru Asada and illustrated by Takahiro Seguchi. A two-volume compilation by Hakusensha was published on February 26 2010. Vertical published the manga in the United States releasing volume 1 on September 24 and volume 2 on November 19 2013. The manga's title is taken from the Danish book The Sickness Unto Death which the character of Kazuma utilizes at various points throughout the manga.
 JLA: Destiny is a comic book mini-series that was published by DC Comics in 2002. Its writer was John Arcudi and its artist was Tom Mandrake. The series ran for four issues.The series was created as part of DC's Elseworlds line. This series was based on characters from the Justice League of America but featured them in a setting where Batman and Superman had never existed.
 Hoog Spel (High Game) was the first video games magazine in the Netherlands. The magazine was published by Rangeela B.V. between 1990 and 2000. The publisher of the magazine was Harry d’Emme.
 American Tabloid is a 1995 novel by James Ellroy. The novel chronicles three rogue American law enforcement officers from November 22 1958 through November 22 1963. Each becomes entangled in a web of interconnecting associations between the FBI CIA and the Mafia which eventually leads to their involvement in the John F. Kennedy assassination. James Ellroy dedicated American Tabloid To NAT SOBEL.American Tabloid was Time's Best Book (Fiction) for 1995.
 Schlesische Arbeiter-Zeitung ('Silesian Workers Newspaper') was a left-wing German language newspaper published from Breslau Province of Lower Silesia Weimar Germany (present-day Wrocław in Poland) between 1919 and 1933.
 Monolith is a novel by John Passarella set in the fictional universe of the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline:'The two in opposition must agree.'
 The Handbook of Texas is a comprehensive encyclopedia of Texas geography history and historical persons published by the Texas State Historical Association (TSHA).
 Come Clean is the second novel written by the UK-based American author Terri Paddock. The book was released in the United Kingdom in 2004. The title is the name of a fictional drug rehabilitation center based in the fictional town of Carrefort Pennsylvania. The book is dedicated to survivors of real life rehabilitation program Straight Incorporated including Paddock's sister.
 Wolves Beyond the Border is one of the original stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian a fragment begun in the 1930s but not finished or published in Howard's lifetime. It is a peripheral story in the canon in that while it takes place in Conan's Hyborian Age and during Conan's lifetime Conan does not actually appear but is merely mentioned. The story was completed by L. Sprague de Camp and in this form first published in the collection Conan the Usurper (1967).
 For the energy services company WeatherWise see Fixed billWeatherwise (ISSN 0043-1672) is a magazine founded by David M. Ludlum and was published by Heldref Publications but now is published by Taylor & Francis Group. It covers weather and climate for weather enthusiasts as well as meteorologists and climatologists and is the only popular press publication in the United States to do so.
 Eleven Blue Men and Other Narratives of Medical Detection is an award winning collection of twelve true short stories written by Berton Roueché and published in 1953. Each story including the titular story Eleven Blue Men was originally published in the Annals of Medicine section of The New Yorker between 1947 and 1953.
 The Deal LLC is a media company that offers The Deal Pipeline a transaction information service and formerly published finance and business magazine The Deal.
 Wild Fermentation: The Flavor Nutrition and Craft of Live-Culture Foods is a 2003 book by Sandor Katz that discusses the ancient practice of fermentation. While most of the conventional literature assumes the use of modern technology Wild Fermentation focuses more on the practice and culture of fermenting food.The term wild fermentation refers to the reliance on naturally occurring bacteria and yeast to ferment food.
 The Ionian Mission (1981) is a historical novel by Patrick O'Brian set during the Napoleonic Wars. It is the eighth in the Aubrey-Maturin series.
 Poor Murderer was a 1976 Broadway play written by Pavel Kohout that premiered at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on October 20 1976 and closed on January 2 1977 after 87 performances.
 Onder de korenmaat is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1991.
 R.V.S. (Р.В.С.) is a short novel by Arkady Gaidar first published in 1926 in the Perm-based newspaper Zvezda (issues 83-97) which the author worked as the correspondent of at the time. Also in 1926 it was released as a separate book by Gosizdat Publishers. This was only the 2nd published work by Gaidar and his first one addressed to the young readership. The book's title stands for Revvoyensovet (Реввоенсовет Revolutionary Military Council).
 The Colours of Animals is a zoology book written in 1890 by Sir Edward Bagnall Poulton (1856–1943). It was the first substantial textbook to argue the case for Darwinian selection applying to all aspects of animal coloration. The book also pioneered the concept of frequency-dependent selection and introduced the term aposematism.The book begins with a brief account of the physical causes of animal coloration.
 From the Corner of His Eye' is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 2000. It is the story of a boy named Barty Lampion a ruthless killer named Junior Cain and a girl named Angel born by the result of a rape.
 The Rover or The Banish'd Cavaliers is a play in two parts written by the English author Aphra Behn.Having famously worked as a spy for Charles II against the Dutch Behn lost her meager income when the king refused to pay her expenses. She turned to writing for an income.The Rover premiered 1677 to such great success that Behn wrote a sequel that was produced in 1681.
 The Game is the seventh book in the Mary Russell series by Laurie R. King which focuses on the adventures of Russell and her partner and later husband an aging Sherlock Holmes.
 The Edge of the Sea is a book by the American conservationist Rachel Carson first published by Houghton Mifflin in the U.S. in 1955. It is counted the third book of her so-called sea trilogy.The Edge of the Sea was made commercially possible by the smash success of its predecessor The Sea Around Us in 1951 and 1952. Carson had become a full-time writer and this third book may be called her first as a conservationist rather than a marine biologist.
 The Secret River is a children's fantasy book by Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings author of the The Yearling. Published in 1955 The Secret River received a Newbery Honor Award. The first edition illustrated by Caldecott Medal winner Leonard Weisgard was issued after Rawlings' death. The book was revised and reissued in 2009 with illustrations by Caldecott Medalists Leo and Diane Dillon. The new edition received an international children's book design award in 2012.
 The Tortilla Curtain (1995) is a novel by U.S. author T.C. Boyle about middle-class values illegal immigration xenophobia poverty and environmental destruction. Of the twelve novels Boyle has written so far The Tortilla Curtain has turned out to be his most successful.[citation needed]
 Book of the Dead: Friends of Yesteryear: Fictioneers & Others is a collection of memoirs by author E. Hoffmann Price. It was published in 2001 by Arkham House in an edition of approximately 4000 copies. The book contains memoirs of several writers of the pulp magazine era. Also included are several appreciations of Price by other authors.
 Chemistry Education Research and Practice (CERP) is a quarterly peer-reviewed open-access academic journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) for teachers researchers and other practitioners in chemistry education. The editor is Keith S Taber (University of Cambridge).Publications policyThe journal publishes theoretical perspectives critical reviews of literature and empirical studies including systematic evaluations of innovative practice.
 The Two Towers is the second volume of J. R. R. Tolkien's high fantasy novel The Lord of the Rings. It is preceded by The Fellowship of the Ring and followed by The Return of the King.
 Out Cry is a play by Tennessee Williams which was one version of The Two-Character Play by Williams. Out Cry premiered at the Ivanhoe Theatre in Chicago on July 8 1971. It debuted on Broadway at the Lyceum Theatre with a preview on February 28 1973 and then ran from March 1-10. The New York production was directed by Peter Glenville and starred Cara Duff-MacCormick as Clare and Michael York as Felice.
 You: A Novel (also stylized as YOU in all capital letters) is a 2013 techno-thriller novel by author Austin Grossman. It was released on April 16 2013 through Mulholland Books and centers on a game developer that takes a job at a company created by two formerly close friends only to end up putting his own life in jeopardy in the process.
 Jimmy's Stars is a young-adult novel by the American writer Mary Ann Rodman.It is set in 1943 Pittsburgh Pennsylvania against the backdrop of World War II and tells the story of eleven-year-old Ellie McKelvey protagonist of this novel. Her older brother Jimmy however is drafted and she and her family struggle to keep up their hope for him.
 Dick Sand A Captain at Fifteen (French: Un capitaine de quinze ans) is a Jules Verne novel published in 1878. It deals primarily with the issue of slavery and the African slave trade by other Africans in particular.
 Cancer Science is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in Oncology which is monthly published by Wiley-Blackwellon behalf of the Japanese Cancer Association. First published in 1907 the journal continues to publish original articles editorials and letters to the editor describing original research in the fields of basic translational and clinical cancer research. The editor-in-chief is Yusuke Nakamura (University of Chicago).
 Reckless is the third book in the The It Girl novels by Cecily von Ziegesar. The series is ghostwritten from the original idea by von Ziegesar. The series aimed toward young adults is a spin-off from the bestselling Gossip Girl series. It was released in 2006 by Little Brown.
 Dagblad van het Noorden (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈdɑxblɑt vɑn ɦɛt ˈnʊːrdən]; English: Daily of the North) is a Dutch regional daily that is published and circulated in the Northeastern Netherlands in the provinces of Groningen and Drenthe. The paid circulation for the first quarter of 2008 is 134303 print and 15281 e-paper copies. Editor in 2013 is Pieter Sijpersma.Dagblad van het Noorden is known for closely following the soccer clubs of the region that get little coverage elsewhere.
 Ceremony is the ninth Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker first published in 1982.
 Our Town is a 1938 three-act play by American playwright Thornton Wilder. Set in the fictional American small town of Grover's Corners it tells the story of an average town's citizens in the early twentieth century as depicted through their everyday lives. Scenes from the town's history between the years of 1901 and 1913 are performed. The play is performed without a set and the actors mime their actions without the use of props.
 The Nonexistent Knight (Italian: Il cavaliere inesistente) is an allegorical fantasy novel by Italo Calvino first published in Italian 1959 and in English translation in 1962. The tale explores questions of identity integration with society and virtue through the adventures of Agilulf a medieval knight who exemplifies chivalry piety and faithfulness but exists only as an empty suit of armour.
 One Door Away From Heaven is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 2001.
 The Greek Coffin Mystery is a novel that was written in 1932 by Ellery Queen. It is the fourth of the Ellery Queen mysteries.
 For films named Northanger Abbey see Northanger Abbey (1986 film) or Northanger Abbey (2007 film).Northanger Abbey /ˈnɔrθˌæŋɡər/ was the first of Jane Austen's novels to be completed for publication though she had previously made a start on Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice. According to Cassandra Austen's Memorandum Susan (as it was first called) was written circa 1798–99.
 Berge Meere und Giganten (Mountains Seas and Giants) is a 1924 science fiction novel by German author Alfred Döblin. Stylistically and structurally experimental the novel follows the development of human society into the 27th century and depicts global-scale conflicts between future polities technologies and natural forces culminating in the catastrophic harvesting of Iceland's volcanic energy in order to melt Greenland's ice cap.
 Portland Spaces is a quarterly shelter magazine published and distributed in Portland Oregon United States. The magazine features original content about designing the places where we live work play and socialize.
 Sega Saturn Magazine was a monthly UK magazine dedicated to the Sega Saturn. It held the official Saturn magazine license for the UK and as such some issues included a demo CD created by Sega called Sega Flash which included playable games and game footage.
 ABC Radio FM 89.2 (Bengali: এবিসি রেডিও এফএম ৮৯.২) is the first news-oriented FM radio station in Bangladesh. ABC radio is part of Mediastar Limited of Transcom Limited. It is one of the sister concerns of Transcom Group like The Daily Prothom Alo. The station studio is located at the media area of Kawran Bazar.The Chief Operating Officer of ABC Radio is M. Sanaullah (former News Editor of Prothom-alo). The station stays on air for 24 hours at FM 89.2 MHz of frequency from Dhaka station.
 In the Forests of the Night is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and published in 1999. Originally entitled White Wine she wrote it at the age of thirteen. The book was published on May 11 1999 about a month after she turned fifteen. It is the first novel in the Den of Shadows. The novel is told in first-person narrative by the main protagonist Risika.
 Lily Beach (1993) is a literary novel by Jennie Fields. Her first published work this story is set in the 1960s and focuses on the character Lily Beach as she struggles with a past of abuse.
 Summer of Secrets is the second part of 21st century Austen series by Rosie Rushton. It was published in 2007 by Piccadilly Press Ltd. It is an adaptation of Jane Austen's Northanger Abbey.
 Arian (Persian: آرین‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Hosein Partow known as Setoodeh and it was published in Shiraz since 1914.
 Inside the Robot Kingdom: Japan Mechatronics and the Coming Robotopia is a 1988 book about robotics in Japan by Frederik L. Schodt. In 2011 it was also issued as an e-book for the Kindle Nookand iBookstore platforms with a new cover designed by Raymond Larrett added color photographs and free-flowing searchable text. This book describes the fascination that Japan has had from the very beginning of acquiring technology from the first visit by Commodore Matthew C.
 Have His Carcase is a 1932 novel by Dorothy L. Sayers her seventh featuring Lord Peter Wimsey and her second novel in which Harriet Vane appears. The title is taken from William Cowper's translation of Book II of Homer's Iliad: The vulture's maw / Shall have his carcase and the dogs his bones.
 Gokudō Meshi (極道めし) is a Japanese manga series by Shigeru Tsuchiyama. It has been adapted into a live action film in 2011.
 The North Shore Times is an Australian local newspaper serving the local government areas of Willoughby Ku-ring-gai Lane Cove and part of North Sydney.Like the Northern District Times the paper is one of News Limited's community newspapers in New South Wales. It is delivered free to homes and businesses every Wednesday and Friday. The Wednesday publication of The North Shore Times was established in 1960 and the Friday publication was established in 1989.
 Theoretical Inquiries in Law is a biannnual peer-reviewed Israeli law journal published by Tel Aviv University.
 On is the second novel by Adam Roberts. According to the author's website reviews of the novel were either extremely positive or extremely negative.
 '68 is a monthly comic book series created by writer Mark Kidwell and published by Image Comics about a zombie apocalypse set in 1968 during the Vietnam War and the peace movement against the war. The stories follow the survivors both military and civilian in both Vietnam and the United States.The series is marketed as various limited series for each story or one-shots. The origin of the comic dates back to 2006 when the comic simply titled '68 was published.
 Guzmán de Alfarache is a picaresque novel written by Mateo Alemán and published in two parts: the first in Madrid in 1599 with the title Primera parte de Guzmán de Alfarache and the second in 1604 titled Segunda parte de la vida de Guzmán de Alfarache atalaya de la vida humana.The works tells the first person adventures of a picaro a young street urchin as he matures into adulthood. It thus ultimately both recounts adventures and moralizes on those childish excesses.
 Daily Thanthi (Tamil: தினத்தந்தி  pronounced as Dhina Thandi) is a reputed daily Thamizh newspaper in Nellai Bengaluru Mumbai Chennai Coimbatore Madurai Erode Dindigul Trichy Salem Nagercoil Cuddalore Vellore Pondicherry and Thanjavur. It is owned by Mr.B. Sivanthi Aditanar. It was founded by S. P. Adithanar a lawyer trained in Britain and practised in Singapore with its first edition from Madurai in 1942.
 Suzie View was a syndicated cartoon produced by Tauhid Bondia and Erik McCurdy. Its main character is Suzie Vance a 10 year old who along with younger brother Miguel run Suzie View productions an independent film studio. Suzie's over-zealous attitude to film production can irritate the unwitting subjects of her many documentaries especially older sister Jae. Her dysfunctional animated stuffed toy collection (the Suzie view players) form her acting talent pool.
 Not to be confused with ABS-CBN's Lumayo Ka Man Sa Akin.Lumayo Ka Nga Sa Akin (Get Away from Me) is a 2011 satire novel by Filipino writer Bob Ong published in 2011 by Visprint Inc. It is Ong's ninth book and divided into three parts.
 The Service of the Sword published in 2003 was the fourth anthology of stories set in the Honor Harrington universe or Honorverse. The stories in the anthologies serve to introduce characters provide deeper more complete backstory and flesh out the universe so claim the same canonical relevance as exposition in the main series.
 Nature Reviews Neurology is a peer-reviewed journal for neurologists. The journal was renamed from Nature Clinical Practice Neurology in April 2009. It covers research developments and clinical practice.
 The Exorcist is a 1971 novel by William Peter Blatty. The book details the demonic possession of twelve-year-old Regan MacNeil the daughter of a famous actress and the Jesuit psychiatrist priest who attempts to exorcise the demon.
 The Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Pathology is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Pathology. The journal publishes articles on the subject of dentistry oral pathology and maxillofacial surgery.
 I-Juca-Pirama is a short epic poem written by Brazilian author Gonçalves Dias. Published in 1851 it is written under decasyllabic and alexandrine verses and divided in ten cantos. It is one of the most famous Indianist poems of the Brazilian Romanticism.I-Juca-Pirama means in Tupi He who must die and that is worthy to be killed.
 A Ghost in Monte Carlo is a 1951 novel by Barbara Cartland later adapted as a 1990 film starring Sarah Miles and Lysette Anthony with Lewis Collins Ron Moody and Joanna Lumley.
 Courrier International is a Paris-based French weekly newspaper which translates and publishes excerpts of articles from over 900 international newspapers. It also has a Portuguese and a Japanese edition. Courrier Japon was launched on November 17 2005 and is published by Kodansha Limited.Courrier international is published by the media group La Vie-Le Monde (literally The Life - The World).
 Creature of Havoc is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Steve Jackson illustrated by Alan Langford and originally published in 1986 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series and is the last Fighting Fantasy gamebook written by Steve Jackson. It is the 24th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-032040-7) and 4th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-391-0).
 Weetzie Bat is the debut novel of Francesca Lia Block published by HarperCollins in 1989. It inaugurated her Dangerous Angels series for young adults.The narrative follows the adventures of the eponymous character Weetzie and her best friend Dirk as well as their friends and relations.
 Surma ratsanikud (English: The Riders of Death) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1963 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 1990.The novel presents a fictionalised account of the adventures of Roger de Flor's mercenary Catalan Company in 14th-century Byzantium and elsewhere as told by the fictional protagonist Pedro Casarmana.
 The Tribune is an American daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Seymour Indiana. It is owned by Home News Enterprises.It covers the city of Seymour and all of Jackson County Indiana.
 Lloyd Llewellyn (sometimes abbreviated LLLL) is a comic book by Daniel Clowes. The black-and-white series published by Fantagraphics Books ran for six issues from April 1986 to June 1987. A final special issue was published in December 1988.The series' titular character is a detective who has humorous adventures inspired by film noir and stereotypical 1950s lounge culture. Llewellyn has a sidekick who goes by the name of Ernie Hoyle. The series' police sergeant is called Red Hoerring.
 Molecular and Cellular Biochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in cellular biology and biochemistry. It was a successor to the journal Enzymologia and was established in 1973 to make it possible to extend the potentialities of the periodical.
 The UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino (UPDF; English: UP Filipino Dictionary) is a monolingual Filipino dictionary. The dictionary is maintained by the University of the Philippines Center for Filipino Language (Sentro ng Wikang Filipino; UP-SWF) with Virgilio S.
 The Awakening is a novel by Kelley Armstrong from Darkest Powers trilogy. It is the sequel to The Summoning.
 Natural Product Reports (NPR) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It publishes reviews commissioned by the editorial board and stimulates progress in all areas of natural products research. Published monthly the editor of NPR is Dr Richard Kelly. The current chair of the Editorial Board is Professor Marcel Jaspars who is Professor of Organic Chemistry at the University of Aberdeen UK.
 Decca: The Letters of Jessica Mitford is 2006 collection of letters by Jessica Mitford. The book was edited by Peter Y. Sussman and the publisher is Weidenfeld & Nicolson.
 Down The Rabbit Hole is the first book in the Echo Falls mystery series by best selling crime novelist Peter Abrahams. Ingrid is in the wrong place at the wrong time. Or at least her shoes are. And getting them back will mean getting tangled up in a murder investigation as complicated as the mysteries solved by her idol Sherlock Holmes. With soccer practice schoolwork and the lead role in her town's production of Alice in Wonderland Ingrid is swamped.
 Golfweek is a high-end weekly golfing magazine published in the United States. The magazine was launched in 1975 by Charley Stine and was originally named Florida Golfweek Magazine. His son Tom Stine was editor of the magazine from 1980 to 1994. Stine sold the publication to Turnstile Publishing Company based in Orlando Florida in 1990 and it has since become its flagship publication out of the five magazines it publishes.
 Sadratnamala is an astronomical-mathematical treatise in Sanskrit written by Sankara Varman an astronomer-mathematician of the Kerala school of mathematics in 1819. Even though the book has been written at a time when western mathematics and astronomy had been introduced in India it is composed purely in the traditional style followed by the mathematicians of the Kerala school.
 The Oxford University Commonwealth Law Journal is a postgraduate-edited international and comparative law journal from the University of Oxford Faculty of Law covering the study of legal trends and developments within and between Commonwealth jurisdictions.
 Creem (which is always capitalized in print as CREEM despite the magazine's nameplate appearing in lower case letters) America's Only Rock 'n' Roll Magazine was a monthly rock 'n' roll publication first published in March 1969 by Barry Kramer and founding editor Tony Reay. It suspended production in 1989 but received a short-lived renaissance in the early 1990s as a glossy tabloid. Lester Bangs often cited as America's Greatest Rock Critic became editor in 1971.
 The Minds of Marginalized Black Men is a non-fiction book written by Alford A. Young Jr. Young explores the lives of impoverished young black men living in the near New West Side of Chicago in order to get a better understanding of how they view their lives and what they want for their futures.
 Washington Monthly is a bimonthly nonprofit magazine of United States politics and government that is based in Washington D.C.The magazine's founder is Charles Peters who started the magazine in 1969 and continues to write the Tilting at Windmills column in each issue. Paul Glastris former speechwriter for Bill Clinton has been Washington Monthly's editor-in-chief since 2001.
 Gødland is an American comic book series by Joe Casey and Tom Scioli published by Image Comics since 2005.
 The Zen Gun is the eleventh science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley.
 The Omaha World-Herald based in Omaha Nebraska is the primary daily newspaper of Nebraska as well as portions of southwest Iowa. For decades it circulated daily throughout Nebraska and in parts of Kansas South Dakota Missouri Colorado and Wyoming. In 2008 distribution was reduced to the eastern third of Nebraska and western Iowa.The World-Herald was the largest employee-owned newspaper in the United States.
 Karge meri is a novel by Estonian author August Gailit. It was first published in 1938.
 Behind the Candelabra: My Life with Liberace is a memoir by Scott Thorson and Alex Thorleifson published in 1988 by Dutton and reissued in 2013. Thorson is now at work on a sequel.
 The Real Ghostbusters is a comic series spun off from the The Real Ghostbusters animated series. Versions were published by Marvel UK and NOW Comics. Publication of the series began on March 28 1988.
 Phoenix in Obsidian (alternate title: The Silver Warriors) is a science fantasy novel by Michael Moorcock. First published in 1970 it is the second book in a series that follows the adventures of the Eternal Champion as he is flung from one existence to another. The first book in the series The Eternal Champion told the story of John Daker an average 20th-century man who suddenly found himself incarnated as Erekosë a legendary hero of Earth in the distant past (or distant future).
 Discourse & Society is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of discourse analysis established in 1990 by Teun A. van Dijk. It focuses on explicit theory formation and analysis of the relationships between the structures of text talk language use verbal interaction or communication on the one hand and social political or cultural micro- and macrostructures and cognitive social representations on the other.
 Reader's Digest is an American general interest family magazine published monthly (except for between 2010 and 2012 when the American edition was published ten times a year). Formerly based in Chappaqua New York its headquarters is now in New York City. It was founded in 1922 by DeWitt Wallace and Lila Bell Wallace. For many years Reader's Digest was the best-selling consumer magazine in the United States losing the distinction in 2009 to Better Homes and Gardens.
 Challenge was the tenth and final Bulldog Drummond novel written by H. C. McNeile. It was published in 1935 under McNeile's pen name Sapper.  
 The God Argument: The Case against Religion and for Humanism is a 2013 book by English philosopher and humanist A. C. Grayling which counters the arguments for the existence of God and puts forward humanism as an alternative to religion.Grayling is concerned with tone.
 Whitechapel Gods is a 2008 Canadian Clockpunk/retro-futuristic novel written by S.M. Peters.[citation needed]
 Gaskiya Ta Fi Kwabo (The truth is worth more than a Kwabo; Kwabo is an ancient currency) is a Nigerian newspaper printed three times a week. It is the world's first Hausa-language paper and was one of northern Nigeria's first periodicals. Gaskiya Ta Fi Kwabo's first editor was Abubakar Imam. In 1941 some pages in Ajami were added to the newspaper for those who could not read the Roman script they were called `Yar Gaskiya (Daughter of Truth).
 Clotel; or The President's Daughter is an 1853 novel by United States author and playwright William Wells Brown about Clotel and her sister fictional slave daughters of Thomas Jefferson. Brown who escaped from slavery in 1834 at the age of 20 published the book in London. He was staying after a lecture tour to evade possible recapture due to the 1850 Fugitive Slave Act.
 Dragonsbane is a fantasy novel written by author Barbara Hambly and published by Del Rey Books in 1985.
 Valstybė (lith. for Nation State) is a Lithuanian monthly magazine about economics politics and leisure. Valstybė includes reviews economical predictions investment suggestions and interviews. The magazine is based in Vilnius the capital city of Lithuania.In July 2011 the company announce plans to publish the magazine in Estonian and Latvian.
 Sharaku (帝都女記者伝 写·らく Teito Jokishaden Sha-raku) is a seinen manga by Go Nagai. It's a Japanese historical fiction manga. The protagonist name Sharaku is a reference to Toshusai Sharaku a famous Japanese woodblock printer. The existing tankōbon doesn't include the 34 pages special Naniwa - Kanjo no Koi (「浪速」艦上の“恋”) published in Weekly Morning #2·3 (2002).
 Flanimals: The Day of the Bletchling (ISBN 0571238513) is the fourth book in the Flanimals series from British Comedian Ricky Gervais and Illustrator Rob Steen.The book was published on 4 October 2007 and focuses on the Flanimals teaming up against an enormous swarm of Bletchling a species that seeks to wipe out all other Flanimal life. The hardcover version of the book comes with a poster featuring a Clunge Ambler and a Molf in a parody of the movie Jaws.
 A Fire in the Sun is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by American writer George Alec Effinger published in 1989.
 Beloved is a novel by the American writer Toni Morrison. Set after the American Civil War (1861–1865) it is inspired by the story of an African-American slave Margaret Garner who temporarily escaped slavery during 1856 in Kentucky by fleeing to Ohio a free state. A posse arrived to retrieve her and her children under the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 which gave slave owners the right to pursue slaves across state borders.
 Beyond Infinity is a collection of science fiction stories by author Robert Spencer Carr. It was first published in 1951 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 2779 copies. Two of the stories originally appeared in The Saturday Evening Post while the title story and Mutation saw first publication in the book.
 The Minden Times is an award-winning[citation needed] tabloid newspaper published in Minden centrally located in the heart of Ontario's cottage country. Published every Wednesday it holds a mirror to the world of the Highway 35 corridor from Norland to Dorset. Its editorial focus is the village of Minden as well as the municipalities of Minden Hills and Algonquin Highlands.
 The Journal of Semantics is a leading international peer-reviewed journal of semantics of natural languages published by Oxford University Press. Its current editor is Philippe Schlenker (Institut Jean Nicod and New York University ). The journal is available online with subscription via OxfordJournals.
 Al-Hayat (Arabic: الحياة‎ meaning Life) is one of the leading daily pan-Arab newspapers with a circulation estimated over 200000. It is the newspaper of record for the Arab diaspora and the preferred venue for liberal intellectuals who wish to express themselves to a large public.Though rather pro-West and pro-Saudi with respect to articles concerning the Arabian peninsula it is quite open to various opinions concerning other regional questions.
 Liber beneficiorum dioecesis Cracoviensis (in latin); Book of Benefice diocese of Cracow – is a register (table of inventory) concerning beneficials benefactors properties and privileges relating to the diocese of Kraków made for statistic and tax purposes. Excerpt from this book was accepted by civil courts as a righteous evidence during property disputes.[citation needed]The oldest known Polish register of this kind is by Jan Długosz from 1470–1480.
 Dinner Party is the only play written by the Italian author and novelist Pier Vittorio Tondelli originally in 1985 for the Riccione-Ater Theatre Prize and published by Bompiani in 1994 after Tondelli's death. The play features a series of conversations between the cast of characters who assemble for an apparent innocent evening dinner on July 11 1982.
 The Power and the Glory (1940) is a novel by British author Graham Greene. The title is an allusion to the doxology often recited at the end of the Lord's Prayer: For thine is the kingdom the power and the glory forever and ever amen. This novel has also been published in the U.S. under the name The Labyrinthine Ways.
 The Journal of Colonialism and Colonial History is an academic journal established in 2000 and devoted to research in the relatively new field of colonial studies. The journal is aimed at a wide variety of scholars concerned with the history and social and political impact of colonialism and imperialism. The journal covers pre- post- and colonial periods as well as controversial questions related to the transition to independence.
 Autobiography: Some Notes on a Nonentity is an autobiographical essay by American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1963 by Arkham House in an edition of 500 copies. The essay was originally included in Beyond the Wall of Sleep. This reprinting includes annotations by August Derleth. More recently it has been reprinted in the books Lord of a Visible World: An Autobiography in Letters edited by S. T. Joshi and David E.
 The Island Eye News is a newspaper that serves several islands around the Charleston area including Sullivan's Island the Isle of Palms Dewees Island and Goat Island.
 What Is the What: The Autobiography of Valentino Achak Deng is a 2006 novel written by Dave Eggers. It is based on the real life story of Valentino Achak Deng a Sudanese refugee and member of the Lost Boys of Sudan program.
 This article is about the named book (hymnal) specifically. For general information about said church hymns see The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints hymns.Hymns of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is the official hymnal of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).Published in English in 1985 and later in many other languages it is used throughout the LDS Church. This article refers to the English version.
 This article is about the novel by William King. For information on Trollslayers in the Warhammer Fantasy fictional universe see Dwarfs (Warhammer).Trollslayer a novel written by William King is the first in a series of twelve books following the adventures of Gotrek and Felix in the Warhammer Fantasy universe. The book is written in an episodic format with each chapter featuring a different adventure with different supporting characters and different villains.
 Interface: a journal for and about social movements is an open access academic journal that covers original research and reviews of books concerned mainly with protests social movements and collective behavior.The journal has multiple editors who are responsible for different world regions and is multilingual. It was established in 2009 and appears biannually.Interface attempts to engage not only social movement scholars but also the activists themselves.
 Jorkens Remembers Africa is a collection of fantasy short stories narrated by Mr. Joseph Jorkens by writer Lord Dunsany. It was first published in New York by Longmans Green & Co. in October 1934 with the English edition (under the alternate title Mr. Jorkens Remembers Africa) following in November of the same year from the same publisher. It was the second collection of Dunsany's Jorkens tales to be published.
 The Weirdstone of Brisingamen: A Tale of Alderley is a children's fantasy novel written by the English author Alan Garner (1934–). Garner began work on the novel his literary debut in 1957 after he moved into the late mediaeval house Toad Hall in Blackden Cheshire. The story which took the local legend of The Wizard of the Edge as a partial basis for the novel's plot was influenced by the folklore and landscape of the neighbouring Alderley Edge where he had grown up.
 Desmond is a novel by Charlotte Turner Smith. The novel focuses on politics during the French Revolution.Unlike her previous and subsequent novels Smith used Desmond to introduce her audiences to contemporary politics. While critics initially supported this element of Desmond the radicalism of the French Revolution and the conservative mood among her audience prompted Smith to tone down the political references in her novels.
 Grand Conspiracy is volume five of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts. It is also volume two of the Alliance of Light the third story arc in the Wars of Light and Shadow.
 Acta Sociologica is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all areas of sociology. It is an official journal of the Nordic Sociological Association and was established in 1955. It publishes papers on original research book reviews and essays and focusses on research comparing Nordic countries with one another or with other countries.
 BluePrintReview is an online magazine that publishes short stories poetry creative non-fiction and visual art.
 Norstrilia is the only novel published by Paul Linebarger under the pseudonym Cordwainer Smith which he used for his science-fiction works (though several related short stories were once packaged together as a short novel Quest of the Three Worlds). It takes place in Smith's Instrumentality of Mankind universe and was heavily influenced by the classic Chinese novel Journey to the West.
 The Journal of Graph Algorithms and Applications is an open access scientific journal devoted to the subject of graph algorithms and graph drawing.The journal was established in 1997. The current editors-in-chief are Roberto Tamassia and Ioannis G. Tollis. It is abstracted and indexed by Scopus and MathSciNet.
 For the 1960s British rock band and their only album see Sweet Thursday (band) and Sweet Thursday (album)Sweet Thursday is a 1954 novel by John Steinbeck. It is a sequel to Cannery Row and set in the years after the end of World War II. According to the author Sweet Thursday is the day between Lousy Wednesday and Waiting Friday.
 The Oblivion Society a gold medalist of the Independent Publisher Book Award is a post-apocalypse horror-comedy by Marcus Alexander Hart. It follows the adventures of Vivian Oblivion and her friends as they search for a safe haven after an accidental nuclear war.
 The Floating Opera is a novel by American writer John Barth first published in 1956 and significantly revised in 1967. Barth's first published work the existentialist and nihilist story is a first-person account of a day protagonist Todd Andrews contemplated suicide.Critics and Barth himself often pair The Floating Opera with Barth's next novel The End of the Road (1958); both were written in 1955 and are available together in a one-volume edition.
 The Last Hero is a short novel the twenty-seventh of the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett. It was published in 2001 in a larger format than the other Discworld novels and illustrated on every page by Paul Kidby.
 Honor Among Enemies is the sixth Honor Harrington novel by David Weber. In the book Honor returns to active duty from her political exile on Grayson to command a Q-ship and fight space pirates.
 Big Comic Spirits (ビッグコミックスピリッツ Biggu Komikku Supirittsu) is a weekly Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Shogakukan and aimed at males 20–25 years old. It originally launched on October 14 1980. The culture of food sports love relationships and business provide the themes for its featured series which often question conventional values.
 Dragonsdawn is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. It was the ninth book published in the Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne or her son Todd McCaffrey. It was published in 1988 by Del Rey in the USA and Bantam in the UK.While the Dragonriders of Pern series is recognized as science fiction (due to its origin discussing the nature of the star Rukbat and its planetary system) many of its elements in the earlier books were primarily fantasy in origin.
 Web Comic EDEN (ウェブコミックエデン Uebu Komikku Eden) is a free manga and light novel web magazine published by Mag Garden and distributed by Yahoo! Comics Japan. It was launched on September 18 2009. The magazine ran under the previous name EDEN & Blade Comic Archive (EDEN＆ブレイドコミックアーカイブ EDEN & Bureido Komikku Aakaibu) before it was changed on October 10 2010.
 The Shepherd Express is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 The Wild Girl (The Secret Gospel of Mary Magdalene)is a 1984 novel by Michèle Roberts. This work tells a fictional story about the discovery of an apocryphal fifth Gospel in Provence France. This gospel tells the tale of Jesus Christ and the period before his crucifixion known as the Passion from the perspective of Mary Magdalene. The story incorporates elements of a Gnostic tradition that speak of a sexual relationship between Jesus and Mary.
 Red Field (Portuguese: Seara Vermelha) is a Brazilian Modernist novel. It was written by Jorge Amado in 1946.A movie of the same name based upon the novel was released in 1964.
 New Age is a leading Bangladeshi English daily newspaper. It is one of the country's most outspoken newspapers regarded for its anti-establishment editorial policy.
 Faktum is a street newspaper sold by people homeless in Gothenburg Sweden which was started in 2001. It will also be sold in Karlstad. In 2006 it was awarded the grand prize of the Swedish Publicists' Association (Publicistklubben) together with its sister papers Situation Sthlm and Aluma.
 The Rogue is a fantasy novel that has been released by author Trudi Canavan. It forms part of her Kyralia series and is the second novel of The Traitor Spy Trilogy. The Rogue returns to the themes of the Black Magician Series and features Sonea and Lorkin (Sonea and Akkarin's son).
 Finn the Half-Great (2009) is a fiction novel written by Canadian author and columnist Theo Caldwell. The book is published by Tundra Books in Toronto Canada.
 The House of the Lord: A Study of Holy Sanctuaries Ancient and Modern is a 1912 book by James E. Talmage that discusses the doctrine and purpose of the temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
 Daily Voice is a South African tabloid newspaper that is distributed on weekdays and published by Independent Newspapers (Pty) Limited (part of the greater Independent News & Media) in the Western Cape province. It is published in English with Afrikaans mixed in. A daily Afrikaans title is also published. In late 2013 the Daily Voice was the most-read daily newspaper in the Cape Town metropolitan area with 456000 readers and a total daily readership of 528000.
 A Cavern of Black Ice is the first book in the Sword of Shadows fantasy series by J. V. Jones. It is followed by A Fortress of Grey Ice A Sword from Red Ice and Watcher of the Dead.
 Clive Barker: Visions of Heaven and Hell is an art collections book written and illustrated by Clive Barker. It contains approximately 300 pages of art and writings about good and evil.
 Wormwood: A Drama of Paris (1890) is a proto-modernist novel written by Marie Corelli. The novel was published in Europe in the traditional Victorian three-volume format and addressed the modern effects and woes of absinthe in fin-de-siecle Paris.The European edition was published in 1890 by Richard Bentley & Son London. The American edition was published by Wm. L. Allison New York.
 Revelations in Black is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Carl Jacobi. It was released in 1947 and was the author's first book. It was published by Arkham House with an edition of 3082 copies.Most of the stories were published originally in the magazines Weird Tales and Startling Stories.
 Gabriel-Ernest is a 1909 short story by British writer H. H. Munro. The story was included in The Westminster Gazette and appears in the collection 'Reginald in Russia' published by Methuen & Co. in 1910.
 Holidays on Ice is a 1997 collection of essays about Christmas some new and some previously published by David Sedaris.Sedaris is named by Time as America’s Favorite Humorist and was named by The Economist as one of the funniest writers alive.
 What Happened to Burger's Daughter or How South African Censorship Works is a 1980 collection of essays by South African novelist Nadine Gordimer and others.
 The Südkurier is a regional daily newspaper for the regions northwest of Lake Constance Hochrhein and Black Forest with its headquarters Konstanz. The paper appears with a circulation of around 130000 six times per week in Berliner format (since 1 March 2010; hitherto in Rhine Format). The predecessor of the Südkurier was the Konstanzer Zeitung.
 The Zweites Buch (pronounced [ˈtsvaɪ̯təs buːχ] Second Book) is an unedited transcript of Adolf Hitler's thoughts on foreign policy written in 1928; it was written after Mein Kampf and was not published in his lifetime. The Zweites Buch was not published in 1928 because Mein Kampf did not sell well at that time and the editor Franz Eher Nachf told Hitler that a second book would hinder sales even more.
 Sir Thursday is a young adult fantasy novel written by Australian author Garth Nix. It is the fourth book in The Keys to the Kingdom series and was released in March 2006. Sir Thursday continues from the preceding book following the adventures of Arthur Penhaligon as he attempts to retrieve the Fourth key of the Kingdom and claim mastership of The Great Maze. As with the other books in the series the theme of 'seven' is prevalent along with the themes of sin and virtue.
 Little Arliss (1978) is the third book centered around the Coates family of frontier Texas by Fred Gipson. It follows Old Yeller and Savage Sam and focuses on Little Arliss the youngest member of the family. Like the first two novels it is told in the first person this time by Arliss instead of Travis.
 Le Monde diplomatique (nicknamed Le Diplo by its French readers) is a monthly newspaper offering analysis and opinion on politics culture and current affairs. Le Monde diplomatique is a left-wing newspaper.The publication is owned by Le Monde diplomatique SA a subsidiary company of Le Monde which grants it complete editorial autonomy.
 The Modern Reader's Japanese-English Character Dictionary (最新漢英辞典 Saishin Kan-Ei jiten) is a kanji dictionary published with English speakers in mind. Although a revised edition by John H.
 Memo – Magazine of European Medical Oncology memo - Magazine of European Medical Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer and covering the fields of hematology and oncology. memo is the official journal of the Central European Cooperative Oncology Group.memo includes editorials and comments peer-reviewed original reports short reviews case reports and controversies articles explaining the biology of neoplasia and congress reports.
 de Volkskrant (Dutch pronunciation: [də ˈvɔɫkskrɑnt]; English: the People's Paper) is Dutch daily morning newspaper. It was founded in 1919 and it currently has a circulation of approximately 250000 nationwide. Formerly a leading centre-left catholic broadsheet de Volkskrant today is a medium-sized centrist compact.
 Management Learning is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of management. The journal's editors are Ann L. Cunliffe (University of Leeds) and Eugene Sadler-Smith (University of surrey). The journal was established in 1970 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Profiles in Folly is a historical book written by Alan Axelrod which is composed of many other true stories within the book itself beginning with the Trojan War in The Decision To Let Danger In and ending with Hurricane Katrina in The Decision to Stop Short of Leadership. It is a follow-up book to Profiles in Audacity and studies 35 of the worst mistakes in history. Each mistake is told in story form and is designed to teach the reader lessons through Axelrod's opinion.
 The Deltora Book of Monsters is a fictional guide to monsters of Deltora as part of the Deltora book series written by Emily Rodda and illustrated by Marc McBride. The book itself is mentioned in the series and is said to be written by a palace librarian Josef.
 Performer Magazine is an American music magazine aimed at independent musicians. It has been in publication since 1991 and is distributed nationally throughout the United States. The magazine focuses primarily on musicians who are unsigned and on small labels and their success in a DIY environment. According to its website it is dedicated to promoting lesser-known talent and being the first to introduce its readership to promising new artists.
 Year's Best SF 11 (ISBN 0-06-087341-8) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2006. It is the eleventh in the Year's Best SF series.
 The Wealthy Barber is a financial planning book franchise by Canadian author David Chilton.
 Hitty Her First Hundred Years is a children's novel written by Rachel Field and published in 1929. It won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1930.In 1999 Susan Jeffers and Rosemary Wells updated and rewrote Hitty's story adding an episode about Hitty's experiences in the American Civil War.
 Gotham Central is a police procedural comic book series that was published by DC Comics. It was written by Ed Brubaker and Greg Rucka with pencils initially by Michael Lark.The story focused on the Gotham City Police Department and the difficulties of its officers living and working in Gotham City home of Batman.
 FutureClaw is an oversized (12x15) fashion art music and culture magazine founded in 2007 in Burlington Vermont USA by photographer/engineer Bobby Mozumder and artist Guy Derry. The magazine took its name from an electro music blog that Guy Derry and Adam DeMartino ran. Bobby introduced the idea of creating a photo style-press magazine after doing a street photo project in Burlington's Art-Hop 2007 with Guy where they met.
 Kiyoku Yawaku (潔く柔く) is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Ryo Ikuemi. It won the 2009 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo. It will be adapted into a live action film in 2013.
 Dido Queen of Carthage is a short play written by the English playwright Christopher Marlowe with possible contributions by Thomas Nashe. The story of the play focuses on the classical figure of Dido the Queen of Carthage. It tells an intense dramatic tale of Dido and her fanatical love for Aeneas (induced by Cupid) Aeneas' betrayal of her and her eventual suicide on his departure for Italy. The playwrights depended upon Books 1 2 and 4 of the Aeneid of Virgil as their main source.
 A Fatal Inversion is a 1987 novel by Ruth Rendell written under the pseudonym Barbara Vine. The novel won the Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger in that year and in 1987 was also shortlisted for the Dagger of Daggers a special award to select the best Gold Dagger winner of the award's 50 year history.
 Fifth Estate (FE) is a US periodical based in Detroit Michigan begun in 1965 but with staff members across North America who connect via the Internet. Its editorial collective sometimes has divergent views on the topics the magazine addresses but generally shares anarchist anti-authoritarian outlook and a non-dogmatic action-oriented approach to change.
 Dumbing Us Down: The Hidden Curriculum of Compulsory Schooling (ISBN 086571231X) is a book by teacher John Taylor Gatto. It has sold over 200000 copies [1] and consists of a multitude of speeches given by the author. The book proposes that radical change is needed to the American educational system to turn around the negative socialization that children receive.
 Goals in the Air is a 1972 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle.
 Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes (1983) is Stephen Jay Gould's third volume of collected essays reprinted from his monthly columns for Natural History magazine titled This view of life. Three essays appeared elsewhere. Evolution as Fact and Theory first appeared in Discover magazine in May 1981; Phyletic size decrease in Hershey bars appeared in C. J.
 The Superman Chronicles is a series of trade paperbacks from DC Comics intended to reprint all Superman stories chronologically (based on publication date) from his earliest appearances. Stories are reprinted in color with no ads. Along with its counterpart The Batman Chronicles the series provides readers access to original Golden Age comic book stories which have been reprinted previously in the DC Archives format.
 Canadian Journal of Linguistics (French Revue canadienne de linguistique) is the official peer reviewed journal of the Canadian Linguistic Association published since 1954. It is published three times a year and contains articles and reviews on all aspects of linguistics. Its current editors are Prof. Sarah Cummins (University of Toronto) and Éric Mathieu (University of Ottawa).
 The Tulane Law Review a publication of the Tulane University Law School was founded in 1916 and is currently published six times annually. The Law Review has an international circulation and is one of few American law reviews carried by law libraries in the United Kingdom.
 Bridge of Birds is a fantasy novel by Barry Hughart first published in 1984. It is the first of three novels in the The Chronicles of Master Li and Number Ten Ox series.
 The Dial was an American magazine published intermittently from 1840 to 1929. In its first form from 1840 to 1844 it served as the chief publication of the Transcendentalists. In the 1880s it was revived as a political magazine. From 1920 to 1929 it was an influential outlet for Modernist literature in English.
 Hay Fever is a comic play written by Noël Coward in 1924 and first produced in 1925 with Marie Tempest as the first Judith Bliss. Laura Hope Crews played the role in New York. Best described as a cross between high farce and a comedy of manners the play is set in an English country house in the 1920s and deals with the four eccentric members of the Bliss family and their outlandish behaviour when they each invite a guest to spend the weekend.
 Amefurashi (アメフラシ) is a manga by Atsushi Suzumi. It was first serialized in Monthly Shōnen Sirius in Japan from 2006 to 2007 and was licensed by Del Rey Manga in North America.
 Pain Research & Management: The Journal of the Canadian Pain Society (French La douleur - Recherche et traitement: Journal de la société canadienne pour le traitement de la douleur) is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of the Canadian Pain Society and covers all aspects of research on pain management.
 The New Mexico Magazine launched in 1923 is the first state magazine founded anywhere in the nation preceding Arizona Highways. New Mexico Magazine publishes a monthly print edition maintains a website and also prints and sells books posters notecards and many other gift items.
 Agronomy for Sustainable Development is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the interactions between cropping systems and other activities in the context of sustainable development. It is a journal of the French Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique (Institute of Agronomical Research) and is published on their behalf by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Kevin Allen (b. Sept. 17 1954 United States) is an American bestselling author business growth consultant and speaker. He has written two books The Hidden Agenda: A Proven Way to Win Business and Create a Following (2012) which was a Wall Street Journal bestseller and The Buoyant Leader: A Leadership Course for the Rising Star (2013).
 Jake and the Kid is a collection of short stories by W. O. Mitchell originally published in 1961. Many stories in the series appeared in Maclean's prior to the book's publication. Mitchell also published a sequel volume According to Jake and the Kid in 1989.
 Diario was an Italian magazine founded on 23 October 1996 by Enrico Deaglio Luca Formenton and Amato Mattia as a weekly linked to the daily newspaper l'Unità.
 Applied Physiology Nutrition and Metabolism/Physiologie appliquée nutrition et métabolisme is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by NRC Research Press. It was established in 1976 as the Canadian Journal of Sport Sciences and later renamed Canadian Journal of Applied Physiology before obtaining its current name.
 The Sharing of Flesh (also published as The Dipteroid Phenomenon) is a science fiction novelette by Poul Anderson. Originally published in Galaxy Science Fiction (December 1968) it won a 1969 Hugo Award for Best Novelette and was nominated for a 1969 Nebula Award. The story has appeared in the collections The Night Face & Other Stories (1979) The Dark Between the Stars (1981) Winners (1981) and The Long Night (1983).
 Sleep It Off Lady originally published in late 1976 by André Deutsch of Great Britain was famed Dominican author Jean Rhys' final collection of short stories. The sixteen stories in this collection stretch over an approximate 75-year period starting from the end of the nineteenth century (November 1899) to the present time of writing (circa 1975).The back of the first UK edition cover features a tribute from A.
 Single Spies is a 1988 stage play written by English playwright Alan Bennett. It consists of two acts An Englishman Abroad and A Question of Attribution.
 High School Debut (高校デビュー Kōkō Debyū also known as Koukou Debut) is a shōjo romantic comedy manga by Kazune Kawahara (河原 和音 Kawahara Kazune). It was serialized in Japan by Shueisha in Bessatsu Margaret from 2003 to 2008 and collected in 13 bound volumes. The series was adapted as a drama CD and as a series of six light novels written by Yuu Kuramoto.
 Anil’s Ghost is the critically acclaimed fourth novel by Michael Ondaatje. It was first published in 2000 by McClelland and Stewart.Anil’s Ghost follows the life of Anil Tissera a native Sri Lankan who left to study in Britain and then the United States on a scholarship during which time she has become a forensic pathologist. She returns to Sri Lanka in the midst of its merciless civil war as part of a Human Rights Investigation by the United Nations.
 Prayogshala (Laboratory) is a book about the politics of Nepal. It was written by Sudheer Sharma. The book revolves around the Maoist insurgency deposed monarchy and the role of New Delhi in Nepal's period of political transition. It was published by Fine Print.
 Azemia is a satirical novel written by William Thomas Beckford that was first published in 1797. The book parodies what Beckford considered sensationalist writing as well as political issues of the time.
 Happiness is a 2013 play by David Williamson.
 What a Week Omnibus Books 4-6 is the second omnibus in What a Week series by Rosie Rushton. It contains: What a Week to Make a Stand What a Week to Play it Cool and What a Week to Make a Move. It was published by Piccadilly Press Ltd. in 2005.
 Psycho House (sometimes referred to as Psycho House: Psycho III) is a 1990 novel that Robert Bloch wrote as a sequel to his 1959 novel Psycho and 1982 novel Psycho II.The novel is not related to the 1986 film Psycho III or the 1990 film Psycho IV: The Beginning. However it may have been inspired by the telefilm Bates Motel.
 Dragonfly: NASA and the Crisis Aboard Mir (ISBN 0-88730-783-3) is a book by Bryan Burrough about the Russian Mir space station and the cosmonauts and astronauts who served aboard. The story centres on astronaut Jerry Linenger and the events on the Shuttle and Mir Space Programme in 1997.Personnel covered in the book
 A Breed of Heroes is a 1981 novel by Alan Judd. It narrates in third person the experiences of a young British Army officer as he is deployed on his first tour of duty a four-month operation in Armagh and Belfast at the height of The Troubles.
 Réalités (حقائق) (Realities) is a weekly French-language Tunisian magazine. An independent magazine it is published by Maghreb Media each Thursday. It was founded in 1979 by Taïeb Zahar and quickly became an important element of Tunisian national media. In 2005 an Arabic version began to be published. Its columnists/editors are Taïeb Zahar Pascal Boniface Ridha Lahmar Hakim Ben Hammouda Zyed Krichen and Foued Zaouche.
 Shadow of a Dark Queen is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the first book in the The Serpentwar Saga and was first published in June 1994. It was followed by Rise of a Merchant Prince which was published in 1995.
 The Bowels of Liberty (Portuguese: Os Subterrâneos da Liberdade) is a trilogy of Brazilian Modernist novels written by Jorge Amado in 1954. The trilogy comprises Bitter Times (Os asperos tempos) Agony of Night (Agonia da noite) and Light at the End of the Tunnel (A luz no tunel).
 Catriona (also known as David Balfour) is a novel written in 1893 by Robert Louis Stevenson as a sequel to his earlier novel Kidnapped. It tells the further story of the central character David Balfour.
 Midnight in Death (1998) is a novella by J.D. Robb. It is the first In Death novella along with the shortest. It takes place between Holiday in Death and Conspiracy in Death.
 The Journal of Bisexuality is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by the Taylor & Francis Group under the Routledge imprint. It is the official journal of the American Institute of Bisexuality.
 El Correo (Spanish for The Courier) is the leading daily newspaper in Bilbao and the Basque Country of northern Spain. Its daily circulation at nearly 100000 is the seventh-highest among general interest newspapers in Spain.
 Assassination Classroom (暗殺教室 Ansatsu Kyōshitsu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yūsei Matsui. It follows the daily lives of an extremely powerful octopus-like teacher and his students dedicated to the task of assassinating him to prevent Earth from being destroyed.Individual chapters have been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump since July 2012 and are collected into tankōbon volumes published by Shueisha. As of March 2014 eight volumes have been released in Japan.
 Frege: Philosophy of Language is a book about Gottlob Frege by the British philosopher Michael Dummett first published in 1973 with a second edition in 1981.
 Shaman's Tears was a comic-book series created by Mike Grell and published by Image Comics.The comic starred Joshua Brand the son of a half-Sioux father and an Irish mother who returns an as adult to the reservation he ran away from as a child. Discovering he mystically possesses the powers of all animals and the Earth itself he becomes the protector of the planet.
 The Blind Owl (1937) (Persian: بوف کور‎ Boof-e koor) is Sadegh Hedayat's most enduring work of prose and a major literary work of 20th century Iran. Written in Persian it tells the story of an unnamed pen case painter the narrator who sees in his macabre feverish nightmares that the presence of death annihilates all that is imaginary.
 Deep Secret is a 1997 novel by Diana Wynne Jones. It is the first in the Magid series.
 Crossing the River is a historical fiction novel by British author Caryl Phillips published in 1993. The Village Voice calls it a fearless reimagining of the geography and meaning of the African diaspora. The Boston Globe said Crossing the River bears eloquently chastened testimony to the shattering of black lives.
 In the Garden of Beasts: Love Terror and an American Family in Hitler's Berlin is a 2011 non-fiction book by Erik Larson.
 Sămănătorul or Semănătorul (pronounced [səmənəˈtorul / semənəˈtorul] Romanian for The Sower) was a literary and political magazine published in Romania between 1901 and 1910. Founded by poets Alexandru Vlahuță and George Coșbuc it is primarily remembered as a tribune for early 20th century traditionalism neoromanticism and ethnic nationalism.
 Beyond the Veil of Stars is a science-fiction novel by Robert Reed first published in 1994. It describes a world in which the sky undergoes a transformation that prevents people from seeing the stars giving them instead a view of the other side of the world as if the Earth had been turned inside out. Accompanying this transformation are increased reports of UFO activity and the appearance of large circles of black glass at thousands of locations across the planet.
 The Tempering is a young adult novel by the American writer Gloria Skurzynski set in 1911 in the fictional mill town of Canaan (a parallel to the author's hometown of Duquesne Pennsylvania just south of Pittsburgh on the Monongahela River).It tells the story of Karl Kerner and his friends Jame and Andy as they come of age among the sounds and the smoke of a booming steel town peopled by a wide variety of immigrants.In 1983 the novel won Golden Kite Award of the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators and was chosen one of the Best Books for Young Adults by the American Library Association.
 Metro Pulse is a weekly newspaper in Knoxville Tennessee. It was founded in 1991 by Ashley Capps Rand Pearson Ian Blackburn and Margaret Weston. Metro Pulse has been a member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies since 1993. In 2007 Metro Pulse was sold to the media conglomerate E.W. Scripps Company which also owns several other local media outlets including Knoxville's daily newspaper the Knoxville News Sentinel and the Shopper News in Halls.
 The Peterborough Telegraph or PT as it is known locally (formerly the Peterborough Evening Telegraph or ET) is the local newspaper for the city of Peterborough Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. It is based at New Priestgate House in the city centre.Since 2012 the renamed Peterborough Telegraph has been a weekly title published every Thursday morning.
 Skulduggery Pleasant: Mortal Coil is the fifth book in the Skulduggery Pleasant series by Derek Landy released on 1 September 2010. After some discussion the final title was confirmed to be Mortal Coil. As stated in the end of Skulduggery Pleasant: Dark Days it is the first of the Skulduggery Pleasant novels to be published in a September and the first to be published within the same year as a previous book in the series.
 I Couldn’t Become a Hero So I Reluctantly Decided to Get a Job. (勇者になれなかった俺はしぶしぶ就職を決意しました。 Yūsha ni Narenakatta Ore wa Shibushibu Shūshoku o Ketsui Shimashita. lit. I Who Didn't Become a Hero Reluctantly Decided to Find a Job.) also known in its short form as Yu-Sibu is a Japanese light novel series written by Jun Sakyou and illustrated by Masaki Inuzumi. The series was awarded Gold in the 23rd Fantasia Awards. An anime adaptation by Asread began airing on October 4 2013.
 The Boy Who Grew Flowers is a children's picture book written by Jennifer Wojtowicz and illustrated by Steve Adams. Wojtowicz has stated that she was inspired to write the book due to her relationship with her autistic brother.[citation needed] The book has been adapted into a stage play.
 The Black Death is a Gothic novel by author Basil Copper. It was originally announced for publication by Arkham House but was ultimately published by Fedogan & Bremer in 1992 in an edition of 1000 copies of which 100 were numbered and signed by the author and illustrator.
 Marília de Dirceu (English: Dirceu's Marília) is a poetry book written by Luso-Brazilian Neoclassic poet Tomás António Gonzaga. It is divided in three parts — all of them published in different years. The first part published in 1792 has 33 lyres (or poems) and they tell mostly about Gonzaga's (using the pen name Dirceu on the book) love by a woman named Marília (who was in real life a girlfriend of his Maria Doroteia Joaquina de Seixas).
 Shatterpoint is a science fiction novel by Matthew Stover (read by Jonathan Davis in the audiobook version) set in the Star Wars universe. Star Wars creator George Lucas wrote the prologue to the novel. Its main character is Jedi Master Mace Windu. Stover based Shatterpoint on both Joseph Conrad's novel Heart of Darkness and the film Apocalypse Now. The book takes place six months after Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 21.5 years before Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
 Barricade (1975) is Bengali drama written and directed by Utpal Dutt. The drama is set into a revolution time or war time when people's army are fighting against the state army.
 The Light in the Forest is a novel first published in 1953 by U.S. author Conrad Richter. Though it is a work of fiction and primarily features fictional characters the novel incorporates several real people with facts from U.S. history.A 1958 feature film adaptation of the same name was produced by Walt Disney Productions and starred Fess Parker Joanne Dru James MacArthur and Wendell Corey. The film's song title was written by Lawrence Edward Watkin Paul J. Smith and Hazel Gil George.
 Dinosaur Encyclopedia is an encyclopedia that was published by Jayne Parsons.
 Wired is a full-color monthly American magazine published in both print and online editions that reports on how emerging technologies affect culture the economy and politics. Owned by Condé Nast it is headquartered in San Francisco California and has been in publication since January 1993.
 Hayate X Blade (はやて×ブレード Hayate X Burēdo read as Hayate Cross Blade) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shizuru Hayashiya. The series is set is an all-girls school with sword-fighting at the center of the story. It was originally published by ASCII Media Works in Dengeki Daioh between November 2003 and May 2008. It restarted in Shueisha's Ultra Jump in August 2008 and continued until July 2013. The chapters are collected into 18 tankōbon volumes in Japan.
 Forests of the Night is a 1963 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It is about a British plastic surgeon who visits his father in Burma and gets involved with a Catholic missionary a killer tiger and a local rebel leader. Burma was visited by Cleary as part of his research. At one stage there were plans to make a film version with Dirk Bogarde but this did not eventuate.
 Warren Ellis' Blackgas is a two volume comic book mini-series written by Warren Ellis illustrated by Max Fiumara and published by Avatar Press from 2006 to 2007.The first volume deals with two lovers trapped on an island where a Black Gas has turned the residents into Zombielike monsters. The second volume deals with the effects of the Black Gas on the mainland.
 Halcyon Days: Interviews with Classic Computer and Video Game Programmers is a digital book edited by James Hague and published in 1997. The book was originally formatted using HTML and sold via mail-order shipped on a floppy disk by Dadgum Games for USD$20. In 2002 Halcyon Days was made freely available on the web. The book continues to be sold by Dr. Dobb's Journal on a CD-ROM also containing Susan Lammers's Programmers at Work.The introduction to Halcyon Days was written by John Romero.
 The Bulletin of the Astronomical Society of India is the official quarterly journal of the Astronomical Society of India established in 1973. It publishes research papers and review articles as well as short reviews/comments on topics of in any area of astrophysics or astronomy.
 The News Tribune is a daily newspaper in Tacoma Washington in the United States.
 The History of Civilization is a boxed set of science fiction novels by author Edward E. Smith Ph.D.. It contains the six novels of Smith's Lensman series. The set was published in 1961 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 75 copies. Each volume was printed from the original Fantasy Press plates but with a new title page giving the name of the set. They were bound in red half-leather numbered and signed by Smith.
 Death Comes as the End is a historical mystery novel by Agatha Christie first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in October 1944 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in March of the following year. The US Edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6).It is the only one of Christie's novels not to be set in the 20th century and – unusually for her – also features no European characters.
 The Wind Singer is a novel written by William Nicholson and the first book of his Wind On Fire Trilogy the second book being Slaves of the Mastery and the third Firesong.It was first published in 2000. The Wind Singer won the 2000 Nestlé Smarties Book Prize and the Blue Peter Best Book Award for The Book I Couldn't Put Down.
 The Harvard Law Review is a law review published by an independent student group at Harvard Law School.
 The David Kopay Story: An Extraordinary Self-Revelation is a 1977 autobiography by David Kopay written with Perry Deane Young. The book became a best-seller and did much to combat the sissy-boy stereotype of male homosexuality helping to create a macho image for gay men.
 The Eye in the Door is a novel by Pat Barker first published in 1993 and forming the second part of the Regeneration trilogy.The Eye in the Door is set in London beginning in mid-April 1918 and continues the interwoven stories of Dr William Rivers Billy Prior and Siegfried Sassoon begun in Regeneration. It ends some time before the conclusion of the First World War later the same year.
 A Story a Story is a book written and illustrated by Gail E. Haley that retells the African tale of how when there were no stories in the world for children to hear the trickster Anansi obtained them from the Sky God. The book was produced after Gail E. Haley spent a year in the Caribbean researching the African roots of many Caribbean tales.
 One Man's Bible (S: 一个人的圣经 T: 一個人的聖經 P: Yī gè rén de Shèngjīng French: Le Livre d'un homme seul) is a novel by Gao Xingjian. Mabel Lee created the English translation. The book stars an alter-ego of Gao who reflects on his previous experiences around the world. Éditions de l'Aube published the book in French.WJF Jenner of The Guardian said that the book belongs to that sad class of books sold on the strength of their authors having won a prize.
 The Fox in the Attic is a 1961 novel by Richard Hughes who is best known for A High Wind in Jamaica. It was the first novel in his unfinished The Human Predicament trilogy.
 The Haunted Woman is a dark metaphysical fantasy novel by David Lindsay. It was first published somewhat cut as a serial in The Daily News in 1921. It was first published in book form by Methuen & Co. Ltd. London in 1922. The work supposedly marked Lindsay's attempt to write a more commercial novel after the initial failure of his first work the classic A Voyage to Arcturus (1920) though he began it before that work was published. It was reissued by Gollancz in 1947.
 Maa (Bengali: মা Maa means mother in English) is a novel by the Bangladeshi author Anisul Hoque. An English translation of the novel titled Freedom's Mother was published by Plimpsest from New Delhi in 2012. The novel entered the Prothom Alo's list of the best ten creative books in Bengali of the 1st decade of the 21st century and the list of the best ten creative books in Bengali on the liberation war of Bangladesh. The novel was published in Maithili too.
 Salem Weekly (formerly Salem Monthly) is the only alternative newspaper publication in Salem Oregon United States. The bi-weekly paper was established as a monthly in April 2003. It is owned and published by Andrew Paul. AP Walther.
 Tatja Grimm's World is a 1987 science fiction novel by Vernor Vinge.
 Degrees of Connection is a 2004 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the 20th and last entry in the Scobie Malone series. Cleary decided to stop writing crime novels because he felt he was getting stale.
 Invading The Sacred: An Analysis Of Hinduism Studies In America is a critical work published in 2007 by Rupa & Co. which discusses factual inaccuracies in Hindu studies. The editors of the book are Antonio de Nicolas Krishnan Ramaswamy and Aditi Banerjee. The book has contributions from Prof. Arvind Sharma of McGill University S.N.Balagangadhara of Ghent University Psychoanalyst Alan Roland Yvette C. Rosser Ramesh N. Rao Pandita Indrani Rampersad Yuvraj Krishnan and others.
 Gingitsune (ぎんぎつね Gingitsune lit. Silver Fox) is a fantasy slice of life manga series written and illustrated by Sayori Ochiai. The manga's story is about Makoto Saeki the daughter of a shrine priest who can see the shrine's messenger Gintaro. It follows the everyday lives of the two as a go-between for the gods and humans.The manga was first serialized in Shueisha's Ultra Jump magazine in June 2009 and has been compiled into 10 volumes.
 The Dominion Post is a metropolitan broadsheet newspaper published in Wellington New Zealand owned by the Australian Fairfax group owners of The Age Melbourne and The Sydney Morning Herald.
 The Rules of Survival (2006) is a novel by Nancy Werlin. It depicts the story of a boy and his two siblings trying to survive vicious emotional and physical abuse by their mother Nikki. This book was a National Book Award finalist. It also received recognition as a 2007 Best Book for Young Adults from the American Library Association.
 Marriage Royale (マリッジロワイヤル Marijji Rowaiyaru) is a series of illustrated Japanese fictional short stories written by Shingo Hifumi and illustrated by Aoi Nishimata and Hiro Suzuhira; both illustrators are from Navel. The short stories ran as part of a reader-participation game in the Japanese bishōjo magazine Dengeki G's Magazine published by ASCII Media Works between the January 2006 and May 2011 issues.
 Igrot Kodesh (literally Holy Epistles but more commonly known as Letters of the Rebbe) is a collection of correspondence and responses of the seventh Rebbe of Chabad-Lubavitch Menachem Mendel Schneerson. It is modeled after Igrot Kodesh Maharayatz which are the letters of the sixth Rebbe of Lubavitch Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn. The topics considered in these letters include many realms of discussion and numerous disciplines of human pursuit.
 Inertia is a short story written by Nancy Kress and published in 2004 as part of the book Wastelands: Stories of the Apocalypse.
 El Hornero is the peer-reviewed scientific journal of Aves Argentinas-Asociación Ornitológica del Plata the dean of the ornithological institutions in Argentina.
 Lord Emsworth and the Girl Friend is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse which first appeared in the United States in the 23 January 1926 issue of Liberty and in the United Kingdom in the February 1926 Strand. Part of the Blandings Castle canon it features the absent-minded peer Lord Emsworth and was included in the collection Blandings Castle and Elsewhere (1935) although the story takes place sometime between the events of Leave it to Psmith (1923) and Summer Lightning (1929).
 Special Illumination: The Sufi Use Of Humour is a book by the writer Idries Shah published Octagon Press in 1977. Later editions were published in 1983 1989 and 1997.Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such Special Illumination can be read as part of a whole course of study.
 Takio is a creator-owned comic book series written by Brian Michael Bendis under Marvel Comics' Icon imprint. The title is illustrated by Michael Avon Oeming.
 Dark Matter is a speculative fiction novel from Michelle Paver. Part horror part ghost story it was published in the UK on October 21 2010.
 The Glass Cafe (The full title The Glass Cafe Or the Stripper and the State; How My Mother Started a War with the System That Made Us Kind of Rich and a Little Bit Famous) is a young-adult fiction novella by Gary Paulsen. It is about a twelve-year-old boy whose mother is a stripper.
 Jinki: Extend (ジンキ・エクステンド) is a 13-episode mecha anime series that aired on TV Asahi in 2005 as well as a currently running manga series. It takes place in two parts in Venezuela during 1988 (Jinki) and in Tokyo Japan in 1991 (Jinki: Extend.) The story revolves around two girls who end up piloting giant humanoid robots called Jinki (which translates to man-machine) and the manipulation behind the scenes that drew them inexorably together in a final battle.
 Love and Rockets (often abbreviated L&R) is a comic book series by the brothers Gilbert Jaime and Mario Hernandez whose stories published in the series were independent of each other. It was one of the first comic books in the alternative comics movement of the 1980s.The Hernandez brothers produced stories independently of each other. Gilbert and Jaime produced the majority of the material and tended to focus on particular casts of characters and settings.
 Freedomland is a mystery novel by Richard Price
 The Three Clerks (1857) is a novel by Anthony Trollope set in the lower reaches of the Civil Service. It draws on Trollope's own experiences as a junior clerk in the General Post Office and has been called the most autobiographical of Trollope's novels. In 1883 Trollope gave it as his opinion that The Three Clerks was a better novel than any of his earlier ones which included The Warden and Barchester Towers.
 The El Paso Times is the newspaper for the U.S. city of El Paso Texas. The paper was founded in 1881 by Marcellus Washington Carrico. It originally started out as a weekly but within a year's time it became the daily newspaper for the frontier town. The newspaper has an approximate daily circulation of 65000 and 125000 on Sundays. Gannett bought the Times in 1972.
 The Windsor and Eton Express was founded on August 1 1812 by Charles Knight Snr and his son Charles Knight Jnr. Charles Knight Snr was a local book seller and printer and edited and printed the newspaper from Church Street in Windsor. When Charles Knight Snr died the paper was passed to his son who was unhappy with the cost of the newspaper which was six-and-a-half pence when it began and rose to seven pence in September 1815 due to a heavy stamp duty.
 The Owen Wister Review is the University of Wyoming’s annual art and literature journal produced through the Student Media department that publishes creative non-fiction poetry fiction and art. The editorial staff is made up entirely undergraduate and graduate students.
 White Apples is a surreal fiction novel written by the American writer Jonathan Carroll first published in 2002.
 The Cleveland News was a daily and Sunday American newspaper in Cleveland Ohio published from 1905 to 1960 when it was absorbed by the rival paper The Cleveland Press.
 Exhalation is a science fiction short story by Ted Chiang. It was first published in 2008 in the anthology Eclipse 2: New Science Fiction and Fantasy edited by Jonathan Strahan. It won the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
 Forgotten Voices of the Falklands uses the resources of the Imperial War Museum’s Sound Archive to present the first complete oral history of the Falklands War.
 Blood of Amber is the Locus Award nominated second book in the second Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny and the seventh book overall.
 The Sirens of Titan is a Hugo Award-nominated novel by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. first published in 1959. His second novel it involves issues of free will omniscience and the overall purpose of human history. Much of the story revolves around a Martian invasion of Earth.
 Person or Persons Unknown is the fourth historical mystery novel about Sir John Fielding by Bruce Alexander.
 The Cricket in Times Square is a 1960 children's book by George Selden and illustrated by Garth Williams. It won the Newbery Honor in 1961.Selden gave this explanation of what was the initial idea for the book:One night I was coming home on the subway and I did hear a cricket chirp in Times Square. The story formed in my mind within minutes. An author is very thankful for minutes like those although they happen all too infrequently.
 NASN School Nurse is an American bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal that covers the field of school nursing. The editor-in-chief is Cynthia Galemore. It was established in 2001 and is currently published by Sage Publications in association with the American National Association of School Nurses.
 The Sugar Busters diet is a diet focused on eliminating foods containing refined carbohydrates such as refined sugar white flour and white rice as well as naturally occurring carbohydrates rating high on the glycemic index such as potatoes and carrots.Sugar Busters was created by H. Leighton Steward Sam S. Andrews Morrison C. Bethea and Luis A.
 Happiness! (はぴねす! Hapinesu!) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Windmill released on October 21 2005 for Windows PCs. The game was later ported to the PlayStation 2. An adult fan disc titled Happiness! Re:Lucks was developed by Windmill's sister brand Windmill Oasis and released on July 28 2006 for Windows. A manga illustrated by Rino Fujii was serialized in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive between 2006 and 2007.
 Tramways & Urban Transit (TAUT or T&UT) also known as Modern Tramway is a British monthly magazine about tramways and light rail transport published continuously since 1938. Its content is orientated both to tramway enthusiasts and to persons working in the tram transport field or studying tramways. It has been issued monthly from the beginning.
 The Braunschweiger Zeitung is a newspaper serving Braunschweig Germany and surrounding towns and villages. It is operated by the BZV Medienhaus GmbH headquartered in Braunschweig.
 First Man: The Life of Neil A. Armstrong is the official biography of Neil Armstrong the first man to walk on the Moon. It was written by James R. Hansen and published in 2005 by Simon & Schuster.
 Studies in Modern Horror is a quarterly scholarly journal designed to promote the criticism of contemporary horror supernatural and weird fiction; dealing exclusively with the work of authors who have been active within the last 30 years. Published by Seele Brennt Publications and edited by NGChristakos. Library of Congress ISSN 1548-4955.
 Assassin's Quest is a book by Robin Hobb the third in her Farseer Trilogy. It was published in 1997.
 Operation Nuke is the title of the second book in the Cyborg series of science fiction/secret agent novels by Martin Caidin which was first published in 1973 just prior to Cyborg being adapted as the television series The Six Million Dollar Man. The first paperback edition of the novel was published as a tie-in with the series.
 Albedo One is an Irish horror fantasy and science fiction magazine founded in 1993 and currently published by Albedo One Productions.
 Zyzzyva is a triannual magazine of writers and artists. It places an emphasis on showcasing emerging voices and never before published writers in addition to the already established. Based in San Francisco it began publishing in 1985. ZYZZYVA's slogan is The Last Word referring to zyzzyva the last word in the American Heritage Dictionary. A zyzzyva is an American weevil. The accent is on the first syllable.
 The Elf Queen of Shannara is the third book of the tetralogy The Heritage of Shannara written by Terry Brooks. It was first published in 1992.
 A Sinless Season is a novel by South African author Damon Galgut. It was published in 1982 when the author was only seventeen. It details the interactions between Scott Raoul and Joseph three young inmates at the Bleda reformatory.
 The Sugar Girls: Tales of Hardship Love and Happiness in Tate & Lyle's East End is a bestselling work of narrative non-fiction based on interviews with women who worked in Tate & Lyle's East End factories in Silvertown from the mid-1940s onwards. Written by Duncan Barrett and Nuala Calvi the book was published by Collins in 2012. The authors were inspired to write it by Jennifer Worth's Call the Midwife.
 Cedric is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Raoul Cauvin illustrated by Laudec Laudec and published by Dupuis in French and Cinebook in English.The adventures of a young rascal his family and his school. A hero close to the hearts of all children funny yet tender at the same time. It is hard very hard to be a little boy...
 Zur Sprache bringen. Eine Kritik der Architekturkritik (German: Grasping Architecture - A Critique of Architecture Criticism) was the title of an international conference organized from October 31 through November 2 of 2002 by the Internet architecture journal Cloud Cuckoo Land at the Brandenburg University of Technology in Cottbus Germany.
 Lebanon Daily News is a local daily newspaper based in Lebanon Pennsylvania. The main office is located on 718 Poplar Street. It publishes as an afternoon paper Monday through Friday and as a morning paper on Saturday and Sunday.
 Sommelier Journal is a subscription-based magazine publication founded in 2008 for sommeliers and others in the restaurant and wine business. The magazine summarizes consumer restaurant and wine trends and news for wine professionals.
 Rule Of The Bone is a 1995 novel by Russell Banks. It is a Bildungsroman or Coming-of-age story about the 14-year-old American narrator Chappie later dubbed Bone (named for a tattoo that he gets) who after having dropped out of school turns to the guidance of a Rastafarian Jamaican migrant worker.
 Bear is a popular black and white alternative comic book created by British writer/artist Jamie Smart and published in the United States by Slave Labor Graphics. It follows the adventures of a small stuffed bear named Bear and his roommate/antagonist a psychotic housecat named Looshkin.
 The Aboriginal Portfolio is an early 19th-century book of hand-colored lithographs of chiefs of Native American tribes. It represents the first important pictorial representation of Native American life.It was published in Philadelphia in 1835-1836 by James Otto Lewis. Lewis under commission from the Bureau of Indian Affairs attended Native American treaty ceremonies between 1825 and 1828 and drew pictures of the tribal chiefs attending those ceremonies.
 Último Volume (Portuguese for Last Volume) is a book by Miguel Esteves Cardoso published in 1991.The book comprises 41 chronicles which are independent from each other and deal with many aspects of quotidian life and politics. Some of them are widely quoted around the Internet like Uma Família Feliz (A Happy Family) which proposes a model of family in which its members live in separate houses or Em Nome do Amor Puro (In the Name of Pure Love).
 The Last Party: Scenes From My Life with Norman Mailer is a 1997 book by Adele Morales second wife of Norman Mailer whom she married in 1954. It was published in the US by Barricade Books.The book is a memoir of Morales' and Mailer's marriage; among other things it outlines an incident Saturday November 19 1960 when Mailer stabbed her with a penknife at a party. He cut through her breast only just missing her heart. Then he stabbed her in the back.
 Dicey's Song is a novel by Cynthia Voigt. It won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1983.
 Trouble Under Oz is a 2006 novel by Sherwood Smith illustrated by William Stout and published by Harper Collins. It is a sequel to Smith's 2005 novel The Emerald Wand of Oz which is a further continuation of the Oz series originally started by L. Frank Baum in 1900 .Dori and Em Dorothy Gale's modern-day descendents from the previous book return in this second installment.
 Brodeck's Report (French: Le Rapport de Brodeck) is a 2007 novel by the French writer Philippe Claudel. The narrative investigates the murder of a mysterious man in an indefinite country just after the war. The book won the Prix Goncourt des Lycéens and the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize.The location and the time are never explicit in the novel. However the parallel with World War II is obvious.
 The Montgomery County Bulletin or simply The Bulletin is a now defunct free alternative weekly newspaper distributed in Montgomery County Texas; a suburban county north of Houston. It claimed a circulation of 20000 copies before being forced out of business in 2008 due to evidence of massive plagiarism.
 The Persecutor also known as Forgive Me Natasha and less commonly as Sergei is the autobiography of Sergei Kourdakov a former KGB agent who persecuted Christians in the Soviet Union in the 1970s but defected to Canada in 1971 and converted to Evangelical Christianity. The book was finished shortly before his death in January 1973 and published posthumously.It was published in English then translated to at least fourteen languages including German Spanish French Russian and Dutch.
 Starburst is a collection of science fiction stories by Alfred Bester originally published in paperback by Signet Books in 1958. Signet issued at least four reprint editions of the collection over more than twenty years; British editions were published by Sphere Books and Pan Books.
 The Ultimate Crime is a short story by Isaac Asimov dealing with a minor aspect of one of the Sherlock Holmes stories of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It is the 24th of Asimov's Black Widowers mystery stories and it appeared in his anthology More Tales of the Black Widowers (Doubleday 1976) which collects the second dozen stories of the series. It was written specially for that book.
 Samurai Commando: Mission 1549 known in Japan as Sengoku Self-Defense Forces 1549 (戦国自衛隊1549 Sengoku Jieitai 1549) is a 2005 Japanese feature-length film and manga series focusing on the adventures of a modern day Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF) element that accidentally travels through time to the Warring States period of Japanese history.Both the film and manga are based on Sengoku Jieitai (aka Time-Slip GI Samurai 1979) an action film which starred Sonny Chiba as the leader of a JGSDF platoon sent back to feudal Japan.The manga series was drawn by manga artist group Ark Performance. 
 Tom Cruise: Unauthorized is a non-fiction biographical book about Tom Cruise written by Wensley Clarkson. The book was published by Hastings House in 1998. The book discusses Tom Cruise's early life his rise as an actor involvement with Scientology and past relationships with Mimi Rogers and Nicole Kidman. The book ended during the filming of Eyes Wide Shut.In 2003 Wensley Clarkson wrote another biography of Cruise entitled: Cruise Control.
 Top Gear is an automobile magazine owned by BBC Worldwide and published under contract by Immediate Media Company. It is named after the BBC's Top Gear television show. It was first published in October 1993 and is published monthly at a price of £4.25. The major presenters of the television series—Richard Hammond James May and Jeremy Clarkson—are regular contributors along with the series' production staff.
 A Choice of Enemies is the third novel by Canadian author Mordecai Richler. It was first published in 1957 by André Deutsch.
 Leonardo Music Journal is an annual multimedia peer-reviewed academic journal (print and audio CD) published by the MIT Press on behalf of the International Society for the Arts Sciences and Technology. It publishes the work of artists who are inventing media implementing developing technologies and expanding the boundaries of radical and experimental aesthetics. The journal is a companion volume to Leonardo the journal of the International Society for the Arts Sciences and Technology.
 The Secret is a 4-issue limited series comic book written by Mike Richardson and drawn by Jason Shawn Alexander. It was released by Dark Horse Comics in 2007. It was later converted to a Motion comic.
 The Venus Throw is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 1995. It is the fourth book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery novels set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 Mistborn: The Alloy of Law is the first novel in the high fantasy series Wax and Wayne written by American author Brandon Sanderson. It is a sequel to the trilogy of the Mistborn series (which consists of Mistborn: The Final Empire Mistborn: The Well of Ascension and Mistborn: The Hero of Ages) and the setting of the novel is approximately 300 years after the conclusion of the trilogy. It was released on 8 November 2011 by Tor Books.
 The Anadarko Daily News is the largest daily paper of Caddo County Oklahoma and traces its heritage back to 1901. The paper is family-owned and its current editor is Carolyn McBride. The paper was a merger of three papers purchased by the late Joe McBride Sr. in 1937. Its offices were destroyed by a fire in August 2009 and were earlier damaged by a tornado.
 Weekly Shōnen Jump (週刊少年ジャンプ Shūkan Shōnen Janpu) is a weekly shōnen manga anthology published in Japan by Shueisha under the Jump line of magazines. It is the best-selling manga magazine as well as one of the longest-running; the first issue was released with a cover date of July 2 1968. The manga series within the magazine target young male readers and tend to consist of a large number of action scenes and a fair amount of comedy.
 The Blue Fox (Icelandic: Skugga-Baldur) is a 2003 novel by Icelandic writer Sjón. The book was originally published by Bjartur.
 Illywhacker is a novel by Australian writer Peter Carey. It was published in 1985 short-listed for the 1985 Booker Prize and won the Victorian Premier's Literary Award and The Age Book of the Year Award.
 Heretic is a 1996 play by Australian playwright David Williamson.The play explores Derek Freeman's reaction to Margaret Mead's Coming of Age in Samoa. The play takes place in Freeman's dream where individuals (including Mead) from his life return and discuss his life.
 Pocket God is a series of digital and paperback comic books–strips published by Ape Entertainment published and marketed by iVerse Media released for iOS devices and available as a print in retailers via contest on August 3 2010. The comic is created and plotted by Dave Castelnuovo and Allan Dye written by Jason M. Burns and drawn by Rolando Mallada.
 Eden* is a Japanese visual novel by Minori for the PC playable as a DVD and was released on September 18 2009 with a rating for everyone. An updated adult patch of the game entitled Eden* Plus+Mosaic was released on the same day. Other games by Minori include Wind: A Breath of Heart and Ef: A Fairy Tale of the Two.. A manga adaptation illustrated by Takeshi Moriki began serialization in the August 2009 issue of Ichijinsha's Comic Rex manga magazine.
 The Gold Bat is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published on 13 September 1904 by Adam & Charles Black London. Set at the fictional public school of Wrykyn the novel tells of how two boys O'Hara and Moriarty tar and feather a statue of the local M.P. as a prank.They get away with it but O'Hara had borrowed a tiny gold cricket bat belonging to Trevor the captain of the cricket team. After the prank the boys discover that the trinket is missing.
 Trend is an Austrian monthly business magazine which is published in German. The magazine is one of the oldest publications in its category in the country.
 Universal War One is a six-part French comic book limited series written penciled and inked by Denis Bajram. The series was initially published in France by Soleil Productions from 1998 to 2006. Due to its popularity it was later translated and released in English by Marvel Comics. The genre is military science fiction and the series deals with such ideas as time dilation and time travel.
 The Coal Question; An Inquiry Concerning the Progress of the Nation and the Probable Exhaustion of Our Coal Mines (1865) was a book by economist William Stanley Jevons that explored the implications of Britain's reliance on coal. Given that coal was a finite non-renewable energy resource Jevons raised the question of sustainability.
 The Revenge in the Silent Tomb is book 1 of the Race Against Time series written by J. J. Fortune.
 Count No Man Happy: A Byzantine Fantasy is a novel or fictionalized biography published in 2011 by author Paul Kastenellos. Count No Man Happy recounts the life of the Byzantine emperor Constantine VI who lived in the last years of the eighth century CE. Although a novel with elements of fantasy it is also factually correct biography.
 The Works of Persiles and Sigismunda is a romance or Byzantine novel by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra his last work and one that stands in opposition to the more famous novel Don Quixote by its embrace of the fantastic rather than the commonplace. While Cervantes is known primarily for Don Quixote widely regarded as one of the foremost classic novels of all time he himself believed the Persiles as it is commonly called to be his crowning achievement.
 Blue Hole (ブルー　ホール Burū Hōru) is a science fiction manga series by Yukinobu Hoshino involving dinosaurs living in the present. Its title in France is Le Trou Bleu. It was serialized in Mister Magazine from 1991 to 1992 with two tankōbon published.
 Blood of the Gods is an El Borak short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in July 1935 issue of the pulp magazine Top-Notch.
 Rumpole and the Age of Miracles is a 1988 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole. They were adapted from his scripts for the TV series of the same name.The stories were:Rumpole and PortiaRumpole and the Age of MiraclesRumpole and the Barrow Boy Rumpole and the Bubble ReputationRumpole and the Chambers PartyRumpole and the Quality of LifeRumpole and the Tap End↑
 YOU is a Japanese josei manga magazine published by Shueisha.
 The Sunday Funnies is a publication reprinting vintage Sunday comic strips at a large size (16x22) in color. The format is similar to that traditionally used by newspapers to publish color comics yet instead of newsprint it is printed on a quality non-glossy 60 pound offset stock for clarity and longevity. Featured are classic American comic strips from the late 1800s to the 1930s.
 Adrian Mole: The Wilderness Years is the fourth book in the Adrian Mole series written by Sue Townsend. It focuses on the worries of the now adult Mole. The book was first published in 1993 by Methuen.
 Whizzard! is a 2002 fantasy novel written by Steve Barlow and Steve Skidmore (known as The Two Steves) as the second part of the Tales of the Dark Forest series. It was followed by Trollogy! in 2003.
 Cell 16 was a militant feminist organization known for its program of celibacy separation from men and self-defense training (specifically Karate). Considered too extreme by many mainstream feminists the organization acted as a sort of hard left vanguard.
 Rimëkëmbja is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Some Time Never: A Fable for Supermen is a 1948 book by Roald Dahl his first adult novel. Dahl began writing it after editor Maxwell Perkins expressed an interest in publishing a novel length book if Dahl were to write it. The book was met with predominantly poor reception and was considered to be a failure.
 The Sleeping Car is a farce play in three parts by William Dean Howells first published in the United States in 1883. This play takes place entirely within a 24-hour period on a railway sleeping car and revolves around a woman's late night confusion regarding the premature appearance of her husband and brother.
 The Critique of Pure Reason (German: Kritik der reinen Vernunft) by Immanuel Kant first published in 1781 second edition 1787 is one of the most influential works in the history of philosophy. Also referred to as Kant's first critique it was followed in 1788 by the Critique of Practical Reason and in 1790 by the Critique of Judgment.
 L'Inconnu sur la Terre is an essay written by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Schindler's Ark (released in America as Schindler's List) is a Booker Prize-winning novel published in 1982 by Australian novelist Thomas Keneally which was later adapted into the highly successful movie Schindler's List directed by Steven Spielberg.
 Freedom From Fear: The American People in Depression and War 1929–1945 is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book written in 1999 by historian David M. Kennedy. It is part of the Oxford History of the United States. The book covers America's coping with the Great Depression and World War II.In 2000 Freedom From Fear received the Pulitzer Prize for History. It also won the 2000 Francis Parkman Prize the 2000 Ambassador's Prize and the 2000 California Gold Medal for Literature.
 The Lost Symbol is a 2009 novel written by American writer Dan Brown. It is a thriller set in Washington D.C. after the events of The Da Vinci Code and relies on Freemasonry for both its recurring theme and its major characters.Released on September 15 2009 it is the third Brown novel to involve the character of Harvard University symbologist Robert Langdon following 2000's Angels & Demons and 2003's The Da Vinci Code.
 Four Shōjo Stories is a shōjo manga anthology released by Viz Media in February 1996. It contains two stories by Keiko Nishi and one each by Moto Hagio and Shio Satō. This was one of the first (if not the first) shōjo titles released in English in North America.
 The War was a four-issue comic book mini-series published by Marvel Comics. It was the final publication in Marvel's New Universe line and resolved a number of unfinished plotlines as well as radically changing the New Universe setting.
 Sanctified and Chicken-Fried by Joe R. Lansdale is a compilation of short stories told in his inimitable Mojo style of suspense horror and humor. Published in 2009 by University of Texas Press Austin Texas.
 Tiger Eyes is a young adult novel written by Judy Blume in 1981 about a young girl attempting to cope with the murder of her father.
 Death of a Dude is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1969.
 Josh is a young-adult novel by Ivan Southall first published in 1971 by Angus & Robertson of Sydney Australia. Southall was the first Australian to win the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject. Both U.K. and U.S. editions were published within the calendar year.The story is set in rural Victoria.
 Rousing Call to Hindu Nation or Swami Vivekananda's Rousing Call to Hindu Nation (1963) is a compilation of Indian Hindu monk Swami Vivekananda's writings and speeches edited by Eknath Ranade the leader of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. The book was published in 1963 in the birth centenary of Vivekananda. Ranade dedicated the book as a personal homage to the great patriot-saint Swami Vivekananda.
 Cuneus Prophetarum (Albanian: Çeta e profetëve English: The Band of the Prophets) is a philosophical theological and scientific treatise written by Pjetër Bogdani an Albanian philosopher originally published in Padua in 1685 in the Albanian and Latin language. It is considered to be the most prominent work of early Albanian literature.
 The Mystery of the Poet (Italian:Il mistero del poeta) is an 1888 novel by the Italian writer Antonio Fogazzaro. It is a melodramatic story of the romance between a poet and a fragile woman.
 Child of Storm is a 1913 novel by H. Rider Haggard featuring Allan Quatermain. The plot is set in 1854-56 and concerns Quatermain hunting in Zululand and getting involved with Mameema a beautiful African girl who causes great turmoil in the Zulu kingdom. The novel is the second in a trilogy by Haggard involving the collapse of the Zulu kingdom and featuring the dwarf Zikali. The first book is Marie and the third Finished.
 Current Eye Research is a medical journal covering all areas of ophthalmology. Areas covered include: clinical research anatomy physiology biophysics biochemistry pharmacology developmental biology microbiology and immunology
 X-Men is a comic book ongoing series published by Marvel Comics featuring its namesake superhero team. The previous volume which began publication in September 2010 and for most of its run featured team-ups between the X-Men and other Marvel characters ended at issue #41 in February 2013. As part of Marvel NOW! the title was relaunched as a new series written by Brian Wood and featuring an all-female team.
 American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot is a memoir written by entertainer Craig Ferguson.The book details various experiences over several decades in Ferguson's life from his days in Scotland through his migration to the United States; the rise of his performing career in the United Kingdom then Hollywood and eventual acquisition of US citizenship in early 2008.
 Labyrinths (1962) is a collection of short stories and essays by Jorge Luis Borges translated into the English-language. It includes Tlön Uqbar Orbis Tertius The Garden of Forking Paths and The Library of Babel three of Borges' most famous stories. Many of the stories are from the collections Ficciones (1944) and El Aleph (1949). The English edition was edited by Donald A. Yates and James E. Irby.
 Synthesis is a scientific journal published from 1969 to the present day by Thieme Chemistry. Its stated purpose is the advancement of the science of synthetic chemistry. From August 2006 selected articles are offered free of charge. The impact factor of this journal is 2.40 (2005).
 Overseas Chinese Daily News (OCDN; Chinese: 华侨日报; pinyin: huáqiáo rìbào) is a Chinese language newspaper in Malaysia.
 The Denationalization of Money is a book written by Friedrich Hayek and published in 1976 in which he advocated the establishment of competitively issued private moneys.
 Metrologia is an international journal dealing with the scientific aspects of metrology. It has been running since 1965 and has been published by the Bureau International des Poids et Mesures (BIPM) since 1991. Since 2003 the journal has been published by IOP Publishing on behalf of the BIPM.
 Tharunka is a student newspaper published at the University of New South Wales in Sydney Australia. Established in 1953 at the then New South Wales University of Technology Tharunka has been published in a variety of forms by various student organisations.
 We're Going To Make You a Star is a 1975 book Sally Quinn of her brief time with the CBS Morning News. In this book she discusses the CBS failure and reflects on her adolescence and how it among other things led to her failure as a television news anchor.Sally Quinn grew up a general's daughter. She was acquainted with many diplomats and obtained a string of odd jobs around Washington D.C. until she settled as a society reporter for the Washington Post.
 Catholic Digest is an American Roman Catholic monthly magazine.It was founded in 1936 and today circulation totals 300000.In December 2001 the French Roman Catholic media group Bayard Presse purchased the magazine from University of St. Thomas (Minnesota) who had owned it since 1964.
 Note: all Japanese names in this article are given in Western order with surname last and given name first A Personal Matter (個人的な体験 Kojinteki na taiken) is a novel by Japanese writer Kenzaburō Ōe. Written in 1964 the novel is dark deeply personal and semi-autobiographical. It tells the story of Bird a man who must come to terms with the birth of his mentally disabled son.
 The Smell of Apples is a 1995 debut novel by South African Mark Behr also published in the same year in Afrikaans as Die Reuk van Appels.Mark Behr describes the Afrikaner mentality and in apartheid South Africa as seen through the eyes of a 11-year-old boy called Marnus the son of an Army General.A movie based on the book is planned for a release in 2011 starring Julian McMahon and Gillian Anderson.
 Madhouse was an Argentine heavy metal music magazine edited from 1989 to 2001. It was established by César Fuentes Rodríguez along with other journalists from the former Riff Raff magazine.Madhouse was the first Argentine heavy metal magazine to arrange interviews with international bands instead of translating such interviews taken from international magazines.
 Kai Lung Unrolls His Mat is a fantasy novel by Ernest Bramah. It was first published in 1928 and has been reprinted a number of times since most notably as the sixty-fourth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in February 1974.
 Endocrinology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by The Endocrine Society. It is the Society's oldest journal and was established in 1917. It covers research on all aspects of endocrinology including growth factors steroids the thyroid and physiology. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 4.459. Its current editor-in-chief is Andrea Gore.
 The Last Adventurer: The Life of Talbot Mundy is a biography and bibliography of Talbot Mundy by Peter Berresford Ellis. It was released in 1984 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1075 copies.
 The Modern Amazons: Warrior Women On-Screen (ISBN 0-87910-327-2) by Dominique Mainon and James Ursini published by Hal Leonard/Limelight Editions is a non-fiction book documenting the evolution of the female action hero in cinema television and pop-culture. From Barbarella to Barb Wire the book surveys the public's seemingly insatiable fascination with the warrior-woman and amazon archetype in media.
 Destiny or The Attraction of Affinities (1996) is a novel by John David Morley. Beginning in 1934 and ending in 1990 the book comprises a psychological history of modern Germany over several generations.
 A Faithful Narrative of the Surprising Work of God in the Conversion of Many Hundred Souls in Northampton is an essay written in 1737 by Jonathan Edwards about the process of Christian conversion in Northampton Massachusetts during the Great Awakening which emanated from Edwards' congregation in 1734.
 The Damage Done is a book by Australian Warren Fellows. It portrays his time in the notorious Bangkwang prison nicknamed Big Tiger. Fellows was sententenced to life imprisonment in 1978 convicted of heroin trafficking between Bangkok Thailand and Australia.
 The Snowstorm (also translated as The Snow Storm) (Russian: Метель tr. Metel) is a short story by the Russian author Leo Tolstoy. It was first published 1856 in the literary and political magazine Sovremennik.
 Zombie-Loan (ゾンビローン Zonbi Rōn) is a Japanese manga series created by Peach-Pit: Banri Sendo and Shibuko Ebara. It is published by Square Enix and is serialized in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine GFantasy. The series is licensed in the United States by Yen Press.An anime adaptation produced by Xebec M2 was announced and started broadcast on the Japanese network TV Asahi on July 3 2007. It contained a total of eleven episodes with the final broadcast on September 11 2007.
 Chūka Ichiban! (中華一番! lit. China's Number One!) is a manga created by Etsushi Ogawa. In 1997 it was adapted into an anime series directed by Masami Anno of the same name. The story is centered on a boy whose aim is to become the best chef he could be.In 1995 Kodansha published the manga. From 1995 to 1997 it was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine.
 Tea Time for the Traditionally Built is the tenth in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Gaborone Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.
 The Art of Detection is the fifth book in the Kate Martinelli series by Laurie R. King. It is preceded by Night Work.
 The Los Angeles Daily News (originally the Los Angeles Illustrated Daily News) often referred to simply as the Daily News was a newspaper published from 1923 to 1954. It was operated through most of its existence by Manchester Boddy. The publication has no connection with the current newspaper of the same name.The Daily News was founded in 1923 by the young Cornelius Vanderbilt IV as the first of several newspapers he wanted to manage.
 One in Three Hundred is a science fiction novel written by J. T. McIntosh. It was originally published as 3 novellas in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in 1953-54 [One in 300 (F&SF Feb 1953) One in a Thousand (F&SF Jan 1954) and One Too Many (F&SF Sept 54)] and was then published by Doubleday & Company Inc.. During 1956 the novel was reissued by Ace as Ace Double D-113 in a dos-à-dos binding with Dwight V.
 Mamma Togni is a dramatic monologue by Dario Fo set in Italy during the Second World War. It was performed in 1973.
 Mardum-i Hazara Wa Khorasan-i Buzurg (English: The Hazara people and Greater Khorasan) is Persian language book about the history and origins of Hazara people by Muhammad Taqi Khavari.
 The Prisoner in the Opal is a 1928 British detective novel by A.E.W. Mason. It was the third story in the Inspector Hanaud series of novels.Inspector Hanaud of the Paris Sûreté investigates a crime with the assistance of his friend Mr Ricardo.
 The International Business Times is an online publication based in New York City comprising 10 national editions and seven languages. The publication sometimes called IBTimes or IBT offers news opinion and editorial commentary on business and business-related stories. It is ranked by Alexa as the fourth-most visited site among business newspapers.IBTimes was launched in 2005; it is owned by IBT Media and was founded by Etienne Uzac and Johnathan Davis.
 Miscellanea Malacologica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering malacology specifically papers on the taxonomy nomenclature and zoogeography of mollusks. The journal is published by Marien Faber (Duivendrecht the Netherlands) and was established in 2004. The name of the journal is Latin for malacological miscellany. It is a large format publication with color illustrations. It is published on an irregular basis: from 2004 to 2012 it had from two to five issues per year.
 Sahara is an adventure novel by Clive Cussler. First published in 1992 it is the eleventh book in Cussler's Dirk Pitt series. In 2005 the film Sahara was released based on the book.
 Proletar ('The Proletarian') was a 4-page Armenian language communist weekly newspaper published in New York City United States founded in 1924. The newspaper was published by the Proletarian Publishing Co. The newspaper claimed a circulation of 1100 copies in 1924.
 Nonlinear Dynamics An International Journal of Nonlinear Dynamics and Chaos in Engineering Systems is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all nonlinear dynamic phenomena associated with mechanical structural civil aeronautical ocean electrical and control systems. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief of the journal is Ali H.
 The Antitrust Law Journal is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Bar Association Section of Antitrust Law. The editors-in-chief are Tara Isa Koslov and J. Robert Robertson.
 21 Down is a comic book published by Wildstorm and created by writers Justin Gray Jimmy Palmiotti and artist Jesus Saiz.
 The Fordham Urban Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: Fordham Urb. L.J.) is a student-run law review published at Fordham University School of Law. The journal publishes articles on a wide range of themes with a focus on public policy and issues affecting urban areas.
 The Summa Theologiæ (written 1265–1274 and also known as the Summa Theologica or simply the Summa) is the best-known work of Thomas Aquinas (c. 1225–1274). Although unfinished the Summa is one of the classics of the history of philosophy and one of the most influential works of Western literature. It was intended as an instructional guide for moderate theologians and a compendium of all of the main theological teachings of the Catholic Church.
 Highways to a War is a Miles Franklin Award-winning novel by Australian author Christopher Koch. In an interview in 2000 Koch noted that this novel and his later work Out of Ireland formed a diptych called Beware of the Past.
 O Cortiço (titled in English: The Slum) is an influential Brazilian novel written in 1890 by Aluísio Azevedo. The novel depicts a part of Brazil's culture in the late Nineteenth century represented by a variety of colorful characters living in a single Rio de Janeiro slum.
 SF '57: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy is a 1957 anthology of science fiction and fantasy short stories edited by Judith Merril. It was published by Gnome Press in an edition of 3000 copies and was the second in a series of 12 annual anthologies edited by Merrill.
 Fort: Prophet of the Unexplained is a Dark Horse Comics comic book limited series created by writer Peter Lenkov and artist Frazer Irving. It should not be confused with the 1971 biographical study Charles Fort: Prophet of the Unexplained by Damon Knight which apart from the title has no connection with the comic book series.
 25 Beautiful Homes is a monthly interior design magazine published by IPC Media. It has been edited by Deborah Barker since 2009.
 Black Legion of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the second in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in December 1972 and reprinted twice through January 1974. The first British edition was published by Orbit Books in 1975. It was later gathered together with Jandar of Callisto into the omnibus collection Callisto: Volume 1 (2000).
 Le Ton beau de Marot: In Praise of the Music of Language (ISBN 0-465-08645-4) published by Basic Books in 1997 is a book by Douglas Hofstadter in which he explores the meaning strengths failings and beauty of translation.The book is a long and detailed examination of one short translation of a minor French poem and through that an examination of the mysteries of translation (and indeed more generally language and consciousness) itself.Hofstadter himself refers to it as my ruminations on the art of translation.The title itself is a pun revealing many of the themes of the work: le ton beau means ‘the beautiful tone’ or ‘the sweet tone’ but the word order is unusual for French. 
 Virginia Law Weekly is a weekly newspaper published by students at the University of Virginia School of Law each Friday of the school year excluding breaks and exam periods. In 2006 2007 and 2008 the Law Weekly was recognized as Best Law School Newspaper by the Law Student Division of the American Bar Association. [1] [2]Virginia Law Weekly was first printed in 1948 and has been cited by several courts in published judicial opinions including the U.S. Supreme Court (Patterson v.
 In the Labyrinth (1986) is a novel by John David Morley.
 The Reckoning is a non-fiction written by David Halberstam and published in 1986. He spent five years researching and writing the book.It is the third and final book of his trilogy study of the forces of power in America and has been described as a parallel history and study of the American and Japanese automobile industries using Nissan and Ford Motors as examples.
 Männer is a German lifestyle magazine for lesbian gay bisexual and transgender people published by the German company Bruno Gmünder Verlag. Between 1989 and 2007 the magazine was published as Männer aktuell.
 Studia theologica (ISSN 1212-8570 in Czech and Slovak languages with English abstracts) is a peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal of theology philosophy and church history. Since 1999 it is issued in co-operation of four Czech and Slovak theological colleges: St.
 Global Science is a monthly popular science magazine published in Urdu in Karachi Pakistan. The magazine has been in publication since January 1998. In the early years the magazine gained popularity among the students especially by publishing IT-related articles in Urdu.
 Information Processing Letters is a peer reviewed scientific journal in the field of computer science published by Elsevier. The aim of the journal is to enable fast dissemination of results in the field of information processing in the form of short papers. Submissions are limited to nine double-spaced pages. Both theoretical and experimental research is covered.
 Bleeding Shadows is a short story collection by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It was published by Subterranean Press on 28 November 2013. This volume contains 30 short stories that span Mr. Lansdale's extensive career. This book is the largest collection of Mr. Lansdale's short stories available to date.
 CURE (Cancer Updates Research and Education) is a free magazine for cancer patients survivors and health care professionals in the oncology field. The publication is the largest consumer magazine in the United States focused entirely on cancer with a circulation of 325000. The magazine's topics range from cancer research psychosocial and emotional issues and practical issues that span from diagnosis to survivorship.
 Mama Flora's Family is a 1997 historical fiction novel by Alex Haley and David Stevens. The story spans from the 1920s to the 1990s as it follows Flora a daughter of poor black Mississippi sharecroppers and her descendants. Haley died before completing the novel with Stevens finishing the story line.[citation needed]In 1998 the book was adapted into a made for TV miniseries of the same name.
 El Rancagüino is a Chilean newspaper distributed in the thirty-three communes of O'Higgins Region. The newspaper recognized for its history is member of the National Press Association and an active member of the Inter-American Press Society.
 Daily Sun is an English language daily newspaper published in Dhaka Bangladesh. The main paper is of 28 pages including 4 pages on business and 8 pages on sports which is called Winner.
 The Green Bag: An Entertaining Journal of Law is a legal journal supported in part by George Mason University School of Law and is dedicated to publishing good writing about the law. Founded in 1997 by three former classmates at the University of Chicago Law School (Ross Davies David Gossett and Montgomery Kosma) The Green Bag is published quarterly. In calling itself an entertaining journal it is not strictly a journal of humor and unserious work.
 Sonic the Hedgehog has been the subject of many spin offs in printed media.
 When Corporations Rule the World is an anti-globalization book by David Korten.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1954 is a 1954 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1956 under the title The Best Science Fiction Stories: Fifth Series. The stories had originally appeared in 1953 in the magazines Avon Science Fiction and Fantasy Reader Fantasy and Science Fiction Amazing Stories Fantastic Astounding and Galaxy Science Fiction.
 Galactic Patrol is a science fiction novel by American author Edward E. Smith Ph.D.. It was first published in book form in 1950 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 6596 copies. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Astounding in 1937. The stories in this volume were the first parts written of the original Lensman saga.
 Vetus Testamentum is a quarterly academic journal covering various aspects of the Old Testament.
 Bob the Gambler (1997) is Frederick Barthelme's seventh novel. It was published by Houghton-Mifflin.
 The Strange High House in the Mist is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft. Written on November 9 1926 it was first published in the October 1931 issue of Weird Tales.
 Straken is the third book in the High Druid of Shannara trilogy of Terry Brooks' Shannara series. First published in 2005 it takes place immediately after the events of Tanequil.
 Breathturn (German: Atemwende) is a 1967 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan.
 Flatterland is a 2001 book by mathematician and science popularizer Ian Stewart about non-Euclidean geometry. It was written as a sequel to Flatland an 1884 novel that discussed different dimensions.
 Crispin: The End of Time is a novel released in 2010 by Edward Irving Wortis serving as a sequel to his 2006 novel Crispin: At the Edge of the World. It is the third book in the Crispin trilogy.
 The Commodore (published 1945) is a Horatio Hornblower novel written by C. S. Forester. It was published in the United States under the title Commodore Hornblower.
 The Journal of Optics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of modern and classical optics experimental and theoretical studies applications and instrumentation. It is the official journal of the European Optical Society and is published by IOP Publishing. The editor-in-chief is Nikolay I. Zheludev (University of Southampton). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.990.
 The Dawning Light is a 1959 science fiction novel published under the name Robert Randall collaborative pseudonym of American writers Robert Silverberg and Randall Garrett. It depicts the changes in the society of the fictional planet Nidor a world perpetually covered in dense cloud inhabited by humanoids resembling humans but differing in several respects notably in being covered from head to foot in short downy fur.
 The Cambridge Chronicle is a weekly newspaper that serves Cambridge Massachusetts. The newspaper was founded by Andrew Reid in May 1846 and is the oldest surviving weekly newspaper in the United States. Owned by GateHouse Media it serves 18% of Cambridge's households.
 The Journal of the Norwegian Medical Association (Norwegian: Tidsskrift for Den norske legeforening) is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Norwegian Medical Association. It was established in 1881 five years before the Norwegian Medical Association (Norwegian: Den norske lægeforening) was established as the Tidsskrift for praktisk Medicin.
 The Mountaintop is a play by American playwright Katori Hall. It is a fictional depiction of the Reverend Martin Luther King's last night on earth set entirely in Room 306 of the Lorraine Motel on the eve of his assassination on April 4 1968.
 A Burial at Sea by Charles Finch is a set aboard a Royal Navy vessel in 1873 and in Egypt during the Victorian era. It is the fifth novel in the Charles Lenox series.
 Little Brother is a novel by Cory Doctorow published by Tor Books. It was released on April 29 2008. The novel is about four teenagers in San Francisco who in the aftermath of a terrorist attack on the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and BART system defend themselves against the Department of Homeland Security's attacks on the Bill of Rights. The novel is available for free on the author's website under a Creative Commons license keeping it accessible to all.The book debuted at No.
 The Talisman Ring is a historical romance novel by Georgette Heyer first published in 1936. Set in 1793 in the Georgian era the action takes place in Sussex where Heyer then lived.Like several of Heyer's early novels including Regency Buck (1935) and The Corinthian (1940) The Talisman Ring blends the genres of romantic comedy and thriller. Jane Aiken Hodge describes it as a neat comedy and very nearly a detective story in period costume.
 Brothers in Arms is a science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold and is part of the Vorkosigan Saga. It was the fifth book published in the series and is the twelfth story including novellas in the internal chronology of the series. Brothers in Arms was first published by Baen Books in January 1989 and is included in the 2002 omnibus Miles Errant.
 Crisscross is the eighth volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published by Gauntlet Press in a signed limited first edition (2004) then later as a trade hardcover from Forge (October 2004) and a mass market paperback from Forge (June 2006).
 Aamulehti (Finnish for morning newspaper) is a Finnish newspaper published in Tampere. It was founded in 1881 to improve the position of the Finnish people and the Finnish language during Russia's rule over Finland.It has the second largest circulation of Finnish dailies with an average circulation of 136726 per day and 140802 on Sundays (2004). In 2003 Aamulehti was acquired by Alma Media a large media corporation in Finland for a reported 460 million euros.
 The Viper's Nest is the seventh book in The 39 Clues series. It was written by Peter Lerangis and was released by Scholastic on February 2 2010. The 39 Clues series is intended for children aged 8–12 and takes the form of a multimedia adventure story spanning 10 books.
 Rebellion (German: Die Rebellion) is a 1924 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth. It tells the story of a war veteran who has become a street musician after losing one leg. The novel was published in the newspaper Vorwärts from 27 July to 29 August 1924. It has been adapted for television twice: in 1962 by Wolfgang Staudte and in 1993 by Michael Haneke.
 My Brother My Sister and I is an autobiographical novel written by Yoko Kawashima Watkins a Japanese-American writer. It is the sequel to So Far from the Bamboo Grove and it tells the tale of Yoko's life as a refugee in Japan and how her family perseveres without losing faith despite false accusations murder sickness and the fear of not being able to reunite with their father. It instantly starts in Japan telling the story of their survival.
 The Emperor's Fan is a fantasy story written by L. Sprague de Camp the fourth of his Novarian series. It was first published in Astounding: The John W. Campbell Memorial Anthology edited by Harry Harrison in 1973. It has since been reprinted in other anthologies notably The Year's Best Fantasy Stories edited by Lin Carter (1975) as well as such collections of de Camp's work as The Best of L. Sprague de Camp (1978) and Footprints on Sand (1981). It has also been translated into German.
 G3: Genes Genomes Genetics (also styled as G3: Genes  Genomes  Genetics) is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal that focuses on rapid publication of research in the fields of genetics and genomics and from a broad range of biological disciplines. It is published by the Genetics Society of America in association with HighWire Press.
 The Gods of Greece (Die Götter Griechenlandes) is a 1788 poem by the German writer Friedrich Schiller. It was first published in Wieland's Der Teutsche Merkur with a second shorter version (with much of its controversial content removed) published by Schiller himself in 1800.A fragment of this poem was set by Franz Schubert in November 1819 (D677).
 The Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the field of medical informatics published by the American Medical Informatics Association.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 3.078 ranking it second out of 22 journals in the category Medical Informatics (behind the Journal of Medical Internet Research) 8th out of 97 in the category Computer Science Interdisciplinary Applications and 6th out of 126 in the category Computer Science Information Systems.
 Fate/Apocrypha (フェイト/アポクリファ Feito/Apokurifa) is a light novel from popular Type-Moon's Fate/stay night franchise written by Yūichirō Higashide and illustrated by Ototsugu Konoe. The first volume of novel was released on December 29 2012 at Comiket 83. The second volume was released on August 16 2013. The third volume was released on December 29 2013. The fourth volume will be released on May 30 2014.
 Amiga Power (or AP for short) was a monthly magazine about Amiga video games. It was published in the United Kingdom by Future plc and ran for 65 issues from May 1991 to September 1996.It was in many ways the spiritual successor to Your Sinclair which shared many of the same staff and had a similar sense of humour amassing a loyal body of fans some of whom still reminisce about the magazine and attempt to keep its spirit alive.
 Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything is a non-fiction book by University of Chicago economist Steven Levitt and New York Times journalist Stephen J. Dubner. It was published on April 12 2005 by William Morrow. The book has been described as melding pop culture with economics. By late 2009 the book had sold over 4 million copies worldwide.
 Shabakeh (Network) (ماهنامه شبکه in Persian) is an Iranian information technology magazine founded in 1998 by Hormoz Pur Rostami.
 Spelljammer: AD&D Adventures in Space is a 1989 boxed set accessory for the Spelljammer campaign setting part of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. It supplies rules and materials for playing AD&D in space. The set was well received by critics and fans.
 Complex Systems is an interdisciplinary scientific journal. Its subject matter of complex systems ranges across a number of more narrow scientific and engineering fields.The journal was established in 1987 by founding editor Stephen Wolfram inventor of Mathematica and promulgator of cellular automata. The topics of research covered include a diverse range of fields such as biology computer science mathematics and physics.
 The Sands of Ammon (original title: Le Sabbie di Amon) is the second part of Valerio Massimo Manfredi's Alexander trilogy following on from Child of a Dream. Continuing the epic story of Alexander the Great The Sands of Ammon narrates of the Macedonian king's quest to conquer Asia. He and his men storm and conquer Persian towns and harbours; even the legendary town of Halicarnassus is defeated.
 Weekly Comic Bunch (Japanese: 週刊コミックバンチ Hepburn: Shūkan Komikku Banchi) is a defunct Japanese manga anthology marketed to young adults that was edited by Coamix and published weekly by Shinchosha from 2001 throughout 2010. The collected editions of their titles were published under the Bunch Comics imprint.
 8 (or 8 the Play) is an American play that portrays the closing arguments of Perry v. Schwarzenegger a federal trial that led to the overturn of Proposition 8—an amendment eliminating rights of same-sex couples to marry in California.
 Eos Transactions American Geophysical Union is a weekly magazine of geophysics published by John Wiley & Sons for the American Geophysical Union (AGU). The magazine publishes news book reviews AGU journal and meeting abstracts meeting programs and reports a comprehensive meetings calendar and announcements of grants fellowships and employment opportunities as well as peer-reviewed articles on current research and on the relationship of geophysics to social and political questions.
 Sebastian or Virtue Rewarded is the name of an unpublished poem written around 1815 by the 9-year-old Elizabeth Barrett later famous as Elizabeth Barrett Browning. The autographed manuscript of the poem is held in the Henry W. and Albert A. Berg Collection of English and American Literature in the New York Public Library. Note that the ambitious young Elizabeth signs herself F. R. S. (Fellow of the Royal Society) on the cover shown right.
 Ourika is an 1823 novel by Claire de Duras originally published anonymously.
 The Independent (Uganda) is a newsmagazine published in Kampala Uganda.
 The Natural Farmer is a magazine publication based in the Northeastern United States that covers agricultural topics for farmers.
 Agassiz Harrison Observer is a newspaper in Agassiz British Columbia.
 The Daily Herald (Roanoke Rapids) is a daily newspaper based in Roanoke Rapids North Carolina.
 Offensive Fouls is a Canadian play about racism. It was written by Jason Long. The play premiered in 1999 and was initially produced by All Nations Theatre the organization that commissioned Long to write the play. Hustle n' Bustle Theatre made its debut with the play in 2011. There are only two characters in the play: Joey a 17-year-old Irish-Canadian basketball player; and Christine his Chinese-Canadian girlfriend.
 The Chronicle Herald is a broadsheet published in Halifax Nova Scotia. The largest newspaper company in Nova Scotia The Chronicle Herald is also the highest circulation newspaper in the Atlantic provinces and is currently the largest independently owned newspaper company in Canada. The paper is owned by the Dennis family of Halifax.
 Atlantic City Weekly (ACW) is a free newspaper based in Atlantic City since 1974. Atlantic City Weekly is the source for what's happening in South Jersey. Published every Thursday it covers entertainment casinos dining real estate sports movies nightlife gambling news and photos of the local Atlantic City region's scene.
 The White Knight is a biography of the author Lewis Carroll by Alexander L. Taylor first published in 1952.
 Engaging the Muslim World (ISBN 0230607543) is a 2009 non-fiction book about the relationship between the United States and the Arab and Muslim worlds written by University of Michigan historian Juan Cole. His goal in writing the book was to illustrate the true Muslim perspective towards the U.S. and explain why that has developed.
 Der Freitag (Friday) is a German weekly newspaper established in 1990. It originally described itself as the East West Weekly being established in the year of German reunification but underwent a substantial rebranding in 2009 including the addition of the definite article (it was previously just Freitag). The rebranding was judged a success by the Society for News Design judging it one of the three World's Best Designed Newspapers in 2010.
 Nui! is a three-volume manga series by Natsumi Mukai. This story is about a girl named Kaya who has just celebrated her sixteenth birthday; on that day she discovers that her stuffed animal Purple is alive and has been secretly protecting Kaya all her life.
 Ronaldinho Gaucho is a comic strip by Mauricio de Sousa. It features a fictionalised version of the Brazilian footballer of the same name as a child. The strip was created in 2006 when the 2006 FIFA World Cup was taking place in Germany.The comic strip was adapted into an animated television series as 'Ronaldinho Gaucho's Team' produced by Italian studio GIG Italy Entertainment with the coproduction of MSP - Mauricio de Sousa Produções.
 Broadside is a weekly single-panel comic published in the Navy Times since 1986 and written by Jeff Bacon. The humor is very specifically directed at United States Navy personnel and considered nearly incomprehensible by many non-Navy servicepersons. Bacon also writes a second cartoon called Greenside featuring United States Marine Corps personnel stationed aboard Navy vessels.
 The Seventh Decade: The New Shape of Nuclear Danger is a 2007 book by Jonathan Schell. It is described as a provocative book which explores the threat posed by some new nuclear policies of the United States.Schell argues that a revolution in nuclear affairs has occurred under the watch of the Bush administration including a historic embrace of a first-strike policy and the development of new generations of nuclear weapons.
 Enron (stylised as ENRON) is a 2009 play by the British playwright Lucy Prebble based on the Enron scandal.
 Brother Odd is a novel by Dean Koontz published in 2006. The novel is the third book in Koontz's series focusing on a young man named Odd Thomas.
 The Wind on the Moon: A story for children is a fantasy novel by Eric Linklater published by Macmillan in 1944 with illustrations by Nicholas Bentley. The American division Macmillan US published an edition in the same year. Opening in the fictitious village of Midmeddlecum evidently in contemporary rural England it features two girls whose father is absent during a war. They pursue magical bizarre or dangerous experiences.
 Bulugh al-Maram min Adillat al-Ahkam translation: Attainment of the Objective According to Evidences of the Ordinances by al-Hafidh ibn Hajar al-Asqalani (1372 – 1448) is a collection of hadith pertaining specifically to Islamic Jurisprudence of the Shafi'i madhab. This genre is referred to in Arabic as Ahadith al-Ahkam.
 The Atoka County Times is a weekly paper that has served Atoka County Oklahoma for nearly six decades. It is locally owned.
 The Loyola Consumer Law Review (CLR) is a student-run legal journal affiliated with the Loyola University Chicago School of Law. Established in 1988 as the Loyola Consumer Law Reporter the publication focuses on legal issues and their relationship to and effect on consumers. On the 10th anniversary of the publication in 1998 the Loyola Consumer Law Reporter officially became the Loyola Consumer Law Review.
 The Record was a Canadian music industry magazine that featured record charts trade news and opinions. David Farrell launched the publication in mid-1981 continuing its printed version until August 1999 when The Record continued as a website-based publication.
 Legacies is the second volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published in 1998 by Headline in England (February) and by Forge in the US (August).
 Carry On Jeeves is a collection of ten short stories by P. G. Wodehouse. It was first published in the United Kingdom on 9 October 1925 by Herbert Jenkins London and in the United States on October 7 1927 by George H. Doran New York. Many of the stories had previously appeared in the Saturday Evening Post and some were rewritten versions of stories in the collection My Man Jeeves (1919).
 CaribPress is a monthly newspaper published in California covering primarily Southern California and the West. As the name suggests CaribPress has a Caribbean focus. A large part of the paper's editorial content relates to entertainment and sports. It also features regular columns on business immigration and family law.
 The Florida Keys Keynoter is a twice-weekly broadsheet format newspaper owned by The McClatchy Company and is a subsidiary of the Miami Herald. It primarily serves Monroe county in the U.S. State of Florida. In addition to publishing regular issues on Wednesday and Saturday the Keynoter also publishes the quarterly magazine Unwind.
 Muties was a six issue miniseries from Marvel Comics It focused on six different Mutants and each story was essentially self-contained. The miniseries was supposed to show the day-to-day sufferings of mutants not just those that managed to find their way to the X-Men and Charles Xavier. It was written chiefly by Karl Bollers with different artists doing different issues.
 A History of Western Philosophy is a 1945 book by philosopher Bertrand Russell. A conspectus of Western philosophy from the pre-Socratic philosophers to the early 20th century it was criticised for its over-generalization and its omissions particularly from the post-Cartesian period but nevertheless became a popular and commercial success and has remained in print from its first publication.
 Vinduet (The Window) is a Norwegian literary magazine founded in 1947 by Harald Grieg and Nic. Stang. The magazine presents fictional texts articles about various kinds of literature and book reviews. Owner is the publishing house Gyldendal Norsk Forlag. Four paper editions are issued annually. The editor-in-chief from 2008 is Audun Vinger.
 The Xavier Review is a humanities journal published at Xavier University in Louisiana and the oldest American literary journal based at an historically Black college. The The Xavier Review was founded in 1980.
 The Wrecking Crew: How Conservatives Rule (August 2008) is a book written by American journalist and historian Thomas Frank which explores the current state of conservative Washington.
 4.50 from Paddington is a detective fiction novel by Agatha Christie first published in November 1957. The 1961 film Murder She Said was based on it. This work was also published in the United States as What Mrs. McGillicuddy Saw.
 Eldorado by Baroness Orczy is a sequel book to the classic adventure tale The Scarlet Pimpernel. It was first published in 1913. The novel is notable in that it is the partial basis for most of the film treatments of the original book.
 The Wrecker (1892) is a novel written by Robert Louis Stevenson in collaboration with his stepson Lloyd Osbourne. The story is a 'sprawling episodic adventure story a comedy of brash manners and something of a detective mystery'. It revolves around the abandoned wreck of the Flying Scud at Midway Island. Clues in a stamp collection are used to track down the missing crew and solve the mystery.
 The Journal of Cross-Cultural Gerontology is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing articles on the aging process. The journal includes articles covering both Western and non-Western societies covering disciplines including history anthropology sociology political science psychology population studies and health care and taking both theoretical or applied approaches.
 Bug Jack Barron is a 1969 science fiction novel written by Norman Spinrad and was nominated for the 1970 Hugo awards.The book was serialised in the British New Wave science fiction magazine New Worlds during Michael Moorcock's editorship. Its explicit language and cynical attitude toward politicians as well as the fact that the magazine was partially funded by the British Arts Council angered British Members of Parliament.
 The Lying Stones of Marrakech (2000) is the ninth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. The essays were culled from his monthly column The View of Life in Natural History magazine to which Gould contributed for 27 years. The book deals in typically discursive fashion with themes familiar to Gould's writing: evolution and its teaching science biography probabilities and common sense.
 Sinar Harian (English: Daily Light) is a Malay language daily newspaper published in Shah Alam Selangor Malaysia in a compact format.
 Pale Fire (1962) is a postmodern novel by Vladimir Nabokov. The novel is presented as a 999-line poem titled Pale Fire written by the fictional John Shade with a foreword and lengthy commentary by a neighbor and academic colleague of the poet Charles Kinbote. Together these elements form a narrative in which both authors are central characters.
 Fragments from Antiquity: An Archaeology of Social Life in Britain 2900-1200 BC is a book on the archaeology of Britain in the Late Neolithic and Early Bronze Ages written by the British archaeologist John C. Barrett then a senior lecturer at the University of Glasgow.
 100 Greatest African Americans is a biographical dictionary of the one hundred historically greatest Black Americans (in no particular order; that is they are not ranked) as assessed by Molefi Kete Asante in 2002.
 Tatler is a British glossy magazine published by Condé Nast Publications focusing on fashion and lifestyle as well as coverage of high society and politics. The magazine is targeted towards the British upper-middle class and members of the aristocratic upper class and those interested in society events and its readership is the wealthiest of all Condé Nast's publications. It was founded in 1901 by Clement Shorter.
 Badshahi Angti (The Emperor's Ring) is a novel by Satyajit Ray featuring the private detective Feluda first published in 1969.
 The Condition of Muzak is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock. It is the final novel of his long running Jerry Cornelius series. It was first published in its revised form in 1979. [1]This novel won the 1977 Guardian Fiction Prize.
 Omeros is an epic poem by Caribbean writer Derek Walcott that was first published in 1990. Walcott divides the work into seven books which are divided into a total of sixty-four chapters. Many critics view Omeros as Walcott's major achievement. Soon after its publication in 1990 it received praise from publications like The Washington Post and The New York Times Book Review which chose the book as one of its Best Books of 1990 and called it one of Mr.
 Kingsblood Royal a novel by American writer Sinclair Lewis was published in 1947.
 Rail Professional is a monthly UK magazine covering the business side of rail transport in Great Britain. Published by Rail Professional Ltd the magazine is available free of charge to managers of UK train operating companies and Network Rail or by subscription to non-qualifying readers.The magazine was launched soon after privatisation with the aim of creating a forum for managers to communicate across the industry and stay abreast of developments in other companies.
 YM was an American teen magazine that began in 1932. It was published for 72 years and was the second oldest girls' magazine (the oldest being Seventeen) in the United States. YM got its start as two magazines in the 1930s—Compact which was aimed at older teens and Calling All Girls which was intended for younger girls and pioneered the signature embarrassing-moments column Say Anything. By the late 1960s the publications merged into Young Miss a small digest-sized mag.
 Miyazaki Maya Daizukan (宮崎摩耶大図鑑) is a Japanese manga by Maya Miyazaki. It was adapted into an OVA in 2010.
 Old Europe New Europe Core Europe: Transatlantic Relations After the Iraq War documents for Anglophone readers the debate that took place among a number of European intellectuals in response to the manifesto by Jürgen Habermas and Jacques Derrida calling for Europe to come together around a common foreign and security policy to provide a counterweight to the hegemonic unilateralism of the United States. The book was first published in 2005 by Verso Books.
 The Face is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack Vance the fourth novel (1979) in the Demon Princes series. This book was published nearly twelve years after the third.
 The Doll-House is a short story by James Cross from Harlan Ellison's science fiction anthology Dangerous Visions.
 The Vesuvius Club is a 2004 historical spy story by Mark Gatiss. It is the first novel in a series featuring the spy Lucifer Box.
 Newsrail is the magazine of the Australian Railway Historical Society (Victorian Division). The publication serves as a monthly news magazine of current railway events in Victoria.
 La Anam About this sound listen (Arabic: لا أنام‎ Sleepless) is a drama novel by the prominent Egyptian novelist Ihsan Abdel Quddous.
 The Ascension Factor (1988) is the fourth and final science fiction novel set in the Destination: Void universe by the American author Frank Herbert and poet Bill Ransom. It takes place about twenty five years after The Lazarus Effect. It completes the story of the humans descended from those left by the Voidship Earthling on the planet Pandora approximately 480 years earlier.
 The Trials of Nikki Hill is a legal thriller written by Christopher Darden and Dick Lochte and published Time Warner Company in 1999.
 Checking on the Moon is a young-adult novel by the American writer Jenny Davis. It is set during the 1980s in the Pittsburgh Pennsylvania working-class district of Washco (fictionalized). The protagonist is 13 year-old Cab Jones who has arrived from Blue Cloud Texas with her older brother Bill to spend the summer with Grandmother who runs a neighborhood restaurant called EATS.
 The Animator's Survival Kit: A Manual of Methods Principles and Formulas for Classical Computer Games Stop Motion and Internet Animators (ISBN 0-5712-0228-4) is a book by award-winning animator and director Richard Williams about various aspects of animation. The book includes techniques advice tips tricks and general information on the history of animation.As the title implies the book is helpful for several fields of animation not just traditional animation.
 Fist Stick Knife Gun: A Personal History of Violence is a memoir by Geoffrey Canada an American social activist who is the current president and chief executive officer of Harlem Children's Zone.
 Venus Zine was a quarterly internationally circulated magazine covering women in music film art entertainment literature fashion indie culture and DIY culture. It was published from 1995 through 2010.Venuszine.com was the daily updated online companion to the magazine. Venus Zine and venuszine.com featured interviews with artists including Yoko Ono Patti Smith and Kim Deal in addition to edgy and up-and-coming musicians designers writers actresses and DIY entrepreneurs.
 Williwaw is the debut novel of Gore Vidal written when he was just 19 years old and first mate of a U.S. Army supply ship stationed in the Aleutian Islands. The story combines war drama maritime adventure and a murder plot. The book was first published in 1946 in the United States by E.P. Dutton. Williwaw is the term widely thought to be Native American in origin for a sudden violent katabatic wind common to the Aleutian Islands.
 Luckypenny is a 1937 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 The Last Song is a 2009 novel by American author Nicholas Sparks. The Last Song is Sparks' fourteenth published novel (fifteenth published book) and was written specifically as the basis for the film adaptation by the same name. It was released on September 8 2009 by Grand Central Publishing. The story revolves around the summer of Ronnie Miller's seventeenth year during which she is sent to stay with her estranged father. Through their shared love of music the duo reconnect.
 Country Home was a country lifestyle magazine published by Meredith Corporation. The magazine featured decorating and collecting food and entertaining fashion and well-being travel and shopping. Country Home provided ideas and inspiration for readers who live a country lifestyle or aspire to create one in city lofts farmhouses suburban colonials getaway cottages or wherever else.
 The Crisscross Shadow is Volume 32 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Richard Cohen in 1953. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Joey's Case is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1980s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Mario Balzic is the protagonist an atypical detective for the genre a Serbo-Italian American cop middle-aged unpretentious a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force.
 The Prostate is a peer-reviewed medical journal devoted to the anatomy physiology and pathology of the prostate gland.
 The Moneypaper is a monthly financial newsletter published by The Moneypaper Inc. that is geared towards the small investor and long-term investing strategies. Its name comes from the original format of the publication that of a newspaper. Its current format is that of a magazine. New issues are released every month.
 Neidontanssi (Finnish: The Maiden Dance) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Annales Zoologici is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of systematic zoology. It was established in 1922[citation needed] and is published by the Museum and Institute of Zoology of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
 A Killing Kindness is a crime novel by Reginald Hill the sixth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.
 3×3 Eyes (pronounced Sazan Eyes in Japanese) is a manga written and illustrated by Yuzo Takada. It spans 40 volumes beginning in 1987 and ending in 2002. It was serialized in Young Magazine. In 1993 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen. The English-language manga was being published by Dark Horse Comics but was canceled before the release of volume 9 in 2005. There are also two anime OVA series based on 3×3 Eyes and were first released in 1991 and 1995.
 How Hedley Hopkins Did a Dare robbed a grave made a new friend who might not have really been there at all and while he was at it committed a terrible sin which everyone was doing even though he didn't know it (ISBN 0-14-132043-5) is a children's book written by Australian author Paul Jennings and published by Puffin Books in May 2005. The story covers a short time in the life of young Hedley Hopkins an English immigrant to Australia in the 1950s. The book was launched at St.
 Some Lie And Some Die is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell first published in 1973. It is the 8th entry in her popular Inspector Wexford series.
 Badisches Volksecho ('Baden People's Echo') was a German language weekly newspaper. It was published from Stuttgart West Germany between April 1946 and March 1947. Later it was published from Mannheim Karlsruhe and Stuttgart West Germany between April 1947 to August 11 1956. It was published by the regional organization of the Communist Party of Germany in Württemberg-Baden.
 Lurulu is a science fiction adventure novel by Jack Vance the second of a duology along with its prequel Ports of Call. It continues to follow Myron Tany on a picaresque journey through the Gaean Reach.
 Flo & Friends is an American syndicated daily comic strip drawn by Jenny Campbell and distributed by Creators Syndicate. The comic was originally created by John Gibel in 2002. Flo & Friends centers on Flo a senior citizen whose life does not conform to the stereotypes about the elderly. She hosts a radio show and works hard to stay mentally youthful and active.
 Rupert of Hentzau is a sequel by Anthony Hope to The Prisoner of Zenda written in 1895 but not published until 1898.
 A Flight of Chariots is a 1963 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about two friends who fly planes during the Berlin Airlift and Korean War then become involved in the space program.
 Local Anaesthetic (German: Örtlich betäubt ) is a 1969 novel by the West German writer Günter Grass. It tells the story of an idealistic high-school teacher who believes society like a pupil is learning from experience and reason. Grass had been deeply moved after learning about the Hübener Group three teenage Mormons who distributed anti-Nazi material inspired by BBC London radio broadcasts and were arrested by the Gestapo in Hamburg.
 Deutsches Requiem is a short story by Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges. Published on Sur in February 1946 it was reprinted in the collection El Aleph (1949). It is the last testament of Otto Dietrich zur Linde the one-legged commandant of a Nazi concentration camp. After being tried and convicted of crimes against humanity Zur Linde reflects back on his own sins and those of Nazi Germany while he awaits the firing squad.
 The Phantom Ship (1839) is a Gothic novel by Frederick Marryat which explores the legend of the Flying Dutchman and in one chapter features a werewolf.The plot concerns the quest of Philip Vanderdecken of Terneuzen in the Netherlands to save his father - who has been doomed to sail for eternity as Captain of the Phantom Ship after he made a rash oath to heaven and slew one of the crew whilst attempting to sail round the Cape of Good Hope.
 The Triangle is the independent student newspaper of Drexel University in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Editions of the paper are printed early every Friday morning; they are distributed in buildings on Drexel's campus as well as in select locations in University City Philadelphia.The Triangle was first published on February 1 1926 under the direction of students with University advisors functioning only to offer advice.
 The Animal-Cracker Plot is a science fiction short story written by L. Sprague de Camp a story in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It is the second (chronologically) set on the planet Vishnu and the first to feature the interstellar con-man Darius Koshay. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Science-Fiction in the issue for July 1949.
 Current Cancer Drug Targets is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Bentham Science Publishers. The editor-in-chief is John K. Buolamwini (University of Tennessee Health Science Center). The journal covers research on contemporary molecular drug targets involved in cancer including medicinal chemistry pharmacology molecular biology genomics and biochemistry. Current Cancer Drug Targets publishes original research reports review papers and rapid communications (letters).
 Cripps the Carrier: a woodland tale is a novel by Richard Doddridge Blackmore author of Lorna Doone. It was first published in 1876 and is set in the then rural area of Headington just outside Oxford to the east and the road to London.
 Of Love and Other Demons (Spanish: Del amor y otros demonios) is a novel by Colombian author Gabriel García Márquez first published in 1994.In the prologue García Márquez claims the novel is the fictional representation of a legend the author was told by his grandmother as a child: of a 12 year-old girl who contracts rabies but was believed to be a 'miracle-worker' with long flowing copper hair that continues to grow after death.
 DJ Magazine (also known as DJ Mag) is a British monthly magazine dedicated to electronic dance music (EDM) and DJs. Founded 31 January 1991 the magazine is translated monthly to Portuguese Polish (since June 2010) Ukrainian Lithuanian Chinese Bulgarian Spanish French German Italian and Dutch.DJ Mag Canada launched in partnership with IHM Global Media in January 2012 and publishes exclusive Canadian content. IHM Global Media also publishes DJ Mag Caribe and DJ Mag Australia.
 Twenty Chickens for a Saddle is a 2008 memoir by British author Robyn Scott.
 Flensborg Avis is a Danish language daily newspaper published in Flensburg (Danish: Flensborg) Germany. Flensborg Avis was founded 1 October 1869 in Flensburg by members of the Danish minority in the Province of Schleswig-Holstein. It now represents the Danish minority in Southern Schleswig. The publisher's headquarters are in Flensburg and there are local editorial offices in the towns of Schleswig (Slesvig) Husum and Niebüll (Nibøl). The newspaper has a circulation of some 6000 copies.
 Dark Guardian is a paranormal/suspense novel written by American author Christine Feehan. Published in 2002 9th book in the Dark Series and focuses on Jaxon and Lucian.
 Legendz (レジェンズ Rejenzu) is a role-playing game an anime a toy card game and manga series.The manga is illustrated by Makoto Haruno (春野 まこと Haruno Makoto) and the story is by Rin Hirai (平井 隣 Hirai Rin). The manga was published in Shueisha's Monthly Shōnen Jump in Japan and the manga is published in English by Viz Media. The manga had to be cut short due to the complete shutdown of Monthly Shōnen Jump.
 Aunt Jane's Nieces Out West is the penultimate novel in the Aunt Jane's Nieces series written by L. Frank Baum as Edith Van Dyne and published in 1914.In the novel Beth de Graf and Patsy Doyle staying in Hollywood California after parting from their cousin's California ranch in the previous novel stumble onto the set of a film depicting a collapsing building.
 Modern Wonder was a largely factual magazine aimed at boys and young men. It had many articles and pictures on science engineering and warfare etc. In some of the magazines the Flash Gordon comic strip is printed in colour on the back cover. Issues were usually around 20 pages in length with the covers and inside two pages printed in colour. The magazine was printed in Great Britain by Oldhams (Watford) Limited St. Albans Rd. Watford.
 Redemption Cairn is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum that first appeared in the March 1936 issue of Astounding Stories. Redemption Cairn is the only Weinbaum story set on Europa.
 The Breaks of the Game is a 1981 sports book written by Pulitzer Prize winning reporter David Halberstam about the Portland Trail Blazers' 1979–1980 season. The Trail Blazers are a professional basketball team which plays in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The God Delusion is a 2006 best-selling non-fiction book by English biologist Richard Dawkins professorial fellow of New College Oxford and former holder of the Charles Simonyi Chair for the Public Understanding of Science at the University of Oxford.In The God Delusion Dawkins contends that a supernatural creator almost certainly does not exist and that belief in a personal god qualifies as a delusion which he defines as a persistent false belief held in the face of strong contradictory evidence. 
 Monthly Prescribing Reference (MPR) is an online medical website and monthly drug reference publication based in New York City.
 Dash! (ダッシュ！ Dasshu!) is a Japanese manga anthology comprising two stories written and illustrated by Isaku Natsume. It is licensed for sale in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on 25 November 2007.
 Fables is a book by Arnold Lobel. Released by Harper & Row it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1981. Publishers Weekly called the book the most remarkable of the author-illustrator's 60-plus bestselling award winners.For each of the twenty fables Lobel's text occupies one page with his colour illustration on the facing page. He gives a moral to each but while the moral is genuine the tone of the fables is cheerful and playful rather than moralistic.
 Quarantine is a novel by Jim Crace. It was the winner of the 1997 Whitbread Novel Award and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize for Fiction the same year.
 Somewhere Around the Corner is a children's novel written by Australian author Jackie French. It was her first historical novel and chronicles the adventures of a homeless girl from 1994 who goes 'around the corner' to another time - the Great Depression.
 Bone Sharps Cowboys and Thunder Lizards: A Tale of Edward Drinker Cope Othniel Charles Marsh and the Gilded Age of Paleontology (2005) is a graphic novel written by Jim Ottaviani and illustrated by the company Big Time Attic. The book tells a slightly fictionalized account of the Bone Wars a period of intense excavation speculation and rivalry which led to a greater understanding of dinosaurs in the western United States.
 The Legislative Gazette is a weekly newspaper covering New York state government and politics located in Albany New York. Published on Mondays from September through June the publication bills itself as The weekly newspaper of the New York state government.The Gazette prints original articles as well as wire stories from the Associated Press. The paper also includes a column by Publisher Alan S. Chartock carries letters to the editor and reprints editorials from other New York newspapers.
 Stephen King Goes to the Movies is a short story collection by Stephen King released in paperback on January 20 2009. It contains five previously collected pieces of short fiction that have been adapted to popular films each with a short introduction by the author written specially for this book. At the end a list of King's top ten favorite film adaptations of his work is included. This is Stephen King's first collection of previously collected material.
 Voyage in the Dark is a 1934 novel by Jean Rhys. It tells of the semi-tragic descent of its young protagonist Anna Morgan who is moved from her Caribbean home to England by an uncaring stepmother after the death of her father. Once she leaves school and she is cut off financially by the stepmother Hester Anna tries to support herself as a chorus girl then becomes involved with an older man named Walter who supports her financially. When he leaves her she begins a downward spiral.
 Soul Kitchen is Poppy Z. Brite's third novel in the Liquor series which revolves around the two young chefs John Rickey (Rickey) and Gary Stubbs (G-man) their restaurant and their life in New Orleans. It was released in the United States on July 25 2006. It is 345 pages long.
 Suicide is a book by Viktor Suvorov about German preparations for the war with the Soviet Union.Suvorov argues that the German army was ill-prepared Germany's leaders were unsophisticated (if not foolish) and that attacking Russia was suicidal for Germany (hence the title of the book) and he suggests an explanation why Hitler nevertheless did what he did. Suvorov compares the German and Soviet armies and concludes that the latter had superiority of almost every kind.
 Firestorm is a science fiction novel by David Sherman and Dan Cragg. It is set in the 25th Century in Sherman and Cragg's StarFist saga. Firestorm more concludes the Ravenette campaign for the 34th fist and the Force Recon (introduced in Backshot and expands in Recoil two books of a three book sub series).
 The Amber Room is American author Steve Berry's debut novel. The book is set around the mystery behind the Amber Room's disappearance at the end of World War II (a treasure stolen by Nazis in 1941 from the Catherine Palace in Tsarskoe Selo Russia it subsequently disappeared in 1945 amidst the chaos at the end of the war).It was published in 2003 and has since been followed up by The Romanov Prophecy in 2004.
 Underground is a novel by Australian author Andrew McGahan. It is set in a near-future right-wing governed Australia.
 Lingua: An International Review of General Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal of general linguistics that was established in 1949 and is published by Elsevier. Its current editor-in-chief is Johan Rooryck (Leiden University).
 Issue (이슈) is a South Korean magazine published by Daiwon C.I.. Its first issue was published in 1995 and it is currently released on the 25th day of each month. It specializes in serialization of domestic and imported comics. Individual titles are collected into volumes and published under the Issue Comics imprint. Light novels imported from Japan are also translated and published under the name Issue Novels.
 MONU is an English-language biannual magazine on urbanism that focuses on the city in a broader sense including its politics economy geography ecology its social aspects as well as its physical structure and architecture. Therefore architecture is one of many fields covered by the magazine - fields which are all brought together under the catch-all term “urbanism”. MONU is edited in the city of Rotterdam the Netherlands. Continuous publication began in June 2004.
 Born Digital: Understanding the First Generation of Digital Natives is a book by John Palfrey and Urs Gasser exploring the consequences of the wide availability of internet connectivity to the first generation of people born to it whom Palfrey and Gasser refer to as digital natives.
 Images first published in 1994 (now out of print) is a book by David Lynch.
 The New Paul and Virginia or Positivism on an Island is a satirical dystopian novel written by William Hurrell Mallock and first published in 1878. The book is one item in the major wave of utopian and dystopian literature that characterized the later nineteenth century in both Great Britain and the United States.
 The Ends of the Earth is a collection of science fiction and horror stories by author Lucius Shepard. It was released in 1991 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House . It was published in an edition of 4655 copies. The stories originally appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and other magazines.
 La Maison du chat-qui-pelote (At the Sign of the Cat and Racket) is a novel by Honoré de Balzac. It is the opening work in the Scènes de la vie privée (Scenes of Private Life) which comprises the first volume of Balzac's La Comédie humaine.First entitled Gloire et Malheur (Glory and Misfortune) this short novel was written in 1829 and published by Mame-Delaunay in 1830. The first edition was followed by four revised editions.
 Kurir is a high-circulation daily tabloid published in Belgrade. Its first issue appeared at the news stands on May 6 2003. Kurir's tone is abrasive direct and irreverent. It runs sensationalist stories that other publications won't touch. Although the paper heavily relies on celebrity gossip it also achieved considerable political influence.
 Thank You Jeeves is a Jeeves novel by P.G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 16 March 1934 by Herbert Jenkins London and in the United States on 23 April 1934 by Little Brown and Company New York.The story had previously been serialised in the Strand Magazine in the UK from August 1933 to February 1934 and in the US in Cosmopolitan Magazine from January to June 1934; it would later appear in the American Family Herald & Evening Star between 24 March and 11 August 1937.
 Sensitive Pornograph (センシティブ・ポルノグラフ Senshitibu Porunogurafu) is a Japanese yaoi anime OVA based after a Boys' Love manga anthology of short stories by Ashika Sakura who also authored the seinen series Sekirei under her other pen-name Sakurako Gokurakuin. It has one episode which is made up of two separate and unconnected parts the title story and the fourth story in the book Trophies Belong in the Bedroom.
 The Africa Bible Commentary is a one-volume commentary on all the books of the Bible developed in Africa by African scholars. The aim of the Africa Bible Commentary is to relate the Bible to African realities of today. Along with commentary on the Bible there are 70 articles on issues such as HIV/AIDs that are affecting African churches and individuals. (See ACwiki for more details.)Tokunboh Adeyemo was the general editor.
 Goodnight Moon is an American children's book written by Margaret Wise Brown and illustrated by Clement Hurd. It was first published in 1947 and is a highly acclaimed example of a bedtime story. It is about a child saying goodnight to everything around: Goodnight room. Goodnight moon. Goodnight cow jumping over the moon. Goodnight light and the red balloon...
 The Search for the Dice Man was written by George Cockcroft under the pen name Luke Rhinehart. It is the official sequel to The Dice Man and was published in 1993.Other books by George Cockcroft with the same themes: The Dice Man Adventures of Wim The Book of the Die.
 Journal of Bioactive and Compatible Polymers is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Biotechnology. The journal's editor are Raphael M. Ottenbrite (Virginia Commonwealth University) Antonella Motta (University of Trento) and Hamid Omidian (Nova Southeastern University). It has been in publication since 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Clue of the Tapping Heels is the sixteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1939. An updated revised and largely different story was published under the same title in 1970. The 1939 version is published as a facsimile edition by Applewood Books. As of 2006 this title is still in print.
 Trnovska mafija is a novel by Slovenian author Dim Zupan. It was first published in 1992.
 Justin Bayard is a 1955 novel by Australian author Jon Cleary about a policeman working in the Kimberley region. It was Cleary's sixth novel.
 Crisis on Infinite Earths is a 1985 comic book crossover storyline published by DC Comics. It consists of an eponymous 12-issue American comic book limited series (identified as a 12-part maxi-series) and numerous tie-in books and was produced by DC Comics to simplify its then 50-year-old continuity. The series was written by Marv Wolfman and illustrated by George Pérez (pencils/layouts) along with Mike DeCarlo Dick Giordano and Jerry Ordway (who shared inking/embellishing chores).
 A Point of Law is a 2006 novel by John Maddox Roberts. It is the tenth volume of Roberts's SPQR series featuring Senator Decius Metellus.
 The Perilous Road is a novel published in 1958 by William O. Steele. The book is set in Eastern Tennessee during the time of the American Civil War. In 1959 The Perilous Road was awarded the Newbery Honor.
 Destiny's Journey (Schicksalsreise) is a 1949 autobiography by German author Alfred Döblin. In this book Döblin gives an account of his experiences of exile and war between 1940 and 1948. Beginning with his flight from Paris on the eve of the Nazi invasion Destiny's Journey chronicles his escape from Europe through Spain and Portugal his years in Los Angeles his conversion to Catholicism during the war and his return to Germany in 1945 after twelve years of exile.
 For the alcoholic mixed drink see Punch (drink)Rum Punch is a 1992 novel written by Elmore Leonard. The novel was adapted into the film Jackie Brown (1997) by director Quentin Tarantino.The characters Ordell Robbie and Louis Gara first appeared in Leonard's novel The Switch which itself has now been adapted as a film Life of Crime first shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival with Robbie played by Mos Def and Gara portrayed by John Hawkes.
 Freedom. A Plea (German: Freiheit. Ein Plädoyer) is a book by Joachim Gauck the President of Germany released on 20 February 2012 the day after his nomination. In the book consisting of 64 pages Gauck describes his thoughts on freedom democracy human rights and tolerance.
 Tea with the Black Dragon is a 1983 fantasy novel by R. A. MacAvoy. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1983 the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1984 and won MacAvoy the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer in 1983 and the Locus Award for best first novel in 1984. It also found a place in David Pringle's Modern Fantasy: The Hundred Best Novels (1988).
 Parallel Play is a memoir by Tim Page originally issued over the author's objections as Parallel Play: Growing Up With Undiagnosed Asperger's. (The subtitle was dropped after the first edition.) Published in 2009 by Doubleday Parallel Play describes Page's early life growing up in Storrs Connecticut where he was regularly described as a genius and became known as a precocious filmmaker through the documentary A Day With Timmy Page.
 Suprobhat Bangladesh (Bengali: সুপ্রভাত বাংলাদেশ Suprobhat Bangladesh Good Morning Bangladesh) is a regional daily newspaper in Bangladesh published from Chittagong in the Bengali language. Rousseau Mahmud has been the editor of the newspaper since its founding.
 Gundam Ace (ガンダムエース Gandamu Eesu) is a monthly Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten it largely focuses on the Gundam franchise. There is a Chinese version published by Kadokawa Media (Taiwan) Co. Ltd.
 Bows Against the Barons is a 1934 children's novel by British author Geoffrey Trease. Based on the legend of Robin Hood it tells the story of an adolescent boy who joins his outlaw band and takes part in a great rebellion against the feudal elite. As Trease's first novel Bows Against the Barons marks the start of his prolific career as a historical novelist.
 Back Issue! is an American magazine published by TwoMorrows Publishing based in Raleigh North Carolina. Founded in 2003 and published eight times yearly it features articles and art about comic books from the 1970s to the present.It is edited by Michael Eury a former editor with Comico Dark Horse Comics and DC Comics.
 The Coast of Utopia is a 2002 trilogy of plays: Voyage Shipwreck and Salvage written by Tom Stoppard with focus on the philosophical debates in pre-revolution Russia between 1833 and 1866. It was the recipient of the 2007 Tony Award for Best Play.
 The Geographical Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Geographical Society. It covers all aspects of geography. The Geographical Record section presents short articles on current topical and regional issues. Each issue also includes reviews of recent books monographs and atlases in geography and related fields. The editor-in-chief is Bimal K. Paul (Kansas State University).
 Living Blues is a bi-monthly magazine focused on covering the African American blues tradition and America's oldest blues periodical. The magazine was founded as a quarterly in Chicago in 1970 by Jim O'Neal and Amy van Singel. Alligator Records owner and founder Bruce Iglauer was also one of the magazine's early editors. Howlin' Wolf was featured on the cover of the first issue.
 The Two Character Play also known as Out Cry in one of its alternate versions is a play by Tennessee Williams written 25 years after his famous A Streetcar Named Desire. It was one of his most personal works; Williams spent almost ten years writing and rewriting it.
 Economics Does Not Lie: A Defense of the Free Market in a Time of Crisis (L'Économie ne ment pas; published in French in 2008) is a non-fiction book by French classical liberal economist and philosopher Guy Sorman. Sorman argues that while the recent world economic recession involved serious problems it would be a grievous mistake to use the crisis as justification to abandon free market democratic capitalism.
 Notes from a Small Island is a humorous travel book on Great Britain by American author Bill Bryson first published in 1995.
 Bingo's Run is a 2014 novel by James A. Levine. The story follows Bingo a street child from the Kibera slum in Nairobi Kenya who is a 15-year-old drug runner and growth retard. Levine is a professor of medicine at the Mayo Clinic.
 The Solar System and Back (1970) is a collection of science essays by Isaac Asimov. It is the seventh in a series of books reprinting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction.
 Strange Messenger is the art exhibition by Patti Smith published in 2003 as a book.
 The Ruum is a 1953 short story with a pursuit theme by the American author Arthur Porges and is probably his best known work.
 The Blue Gate of Babylon is the third comic novel by British writer Paul Pickering published by Chatto & Windus and Penguin Books in the United Kingdom and Random House in the United States was long-listed for the Booker Prize became a New York Times notable book of the year and saw Pickering included in the Top Ten Young British Novelists. The novel received favourable reviews on both sides of the Atlantic.
 Superman: Red Son is a three-issue prestige format comic book mini-series published by DC Comics that was released under their Elseworlds imprint in 2003.
 Death of a Dissident: The Poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko and the Return of the KGB is a book written by Alexander Goldfarb and Marina Litvinenko about the life and death of her husband former FSB officer Alexander Litvinenko who was poisoned by the radioactive element polonium in London in November 2006.The life of Alexander Litvinenko has been described in the book at the background of power struggle between different political forces in post-Soviet Russia.
 The ACM Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) is one of the journals produced by the Association for Computing Machinery. TODS publishes one volume yearly. Each volume has four issues which appear in March June September and December.ACM TODS received the highest possible ranking “A*” in the CORE rankings of computer science journals and conferences.
 The Deptford Mice Almanack is a book to accompany the Deptford Mice and Histories Trilogies by Robin Jarvis. It was first published in 1997.
 The Beacon is a novel by English author Susan Hill first published in 2008 by Chatto and Windus and in paperback the following year by Vintage Books.
 Orr: My Story is a 2013 autobiography written by Bobby Orr. Orr is a former professional hockey player who played in the National Hockey League from 1966 to 1978. Orr played for two teams: the Boston Bruins and the Chicago Black Hawks. Considered one of the greatest players of all time Orr's career was cut short by multiple knee injuries and surgeries. Orr was enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1979 at age 31 the youngest to be inducted into the Hall at that time.
 Fangland is a 2007 novel written by John Marks a former producer for 60 Minutes. It is a reimagined story for the Dracula tale by Bram Stoker setting in a post 9/11 New York. Like its predecessor Fangland is written in parts as an epistolary novel through e-mails diary entries and letters. It received a World Fantasy Award nomination.
 Dragon's Rock is a novel for young adults by British author Tim Bowler first published in 1995. The Times Educational Supplement described it as a nightmarish chiller.The events take place in Devon. Toby and Benjamin are opposites and have no affection for each other so when Benjamin arrives to spend the holidays with Toby's family the stage is set for intense confrontation. Benjamin knows he should not have taken the stone from Dragon's Rock.
 Jungle Emperor (ジャングル大帝 Jungle Taitei) titled in English as Kimba the White Lion is an anime series from the 1960s. Created by Osamu Tezuka and based on his manga of the same title which began publication in 1950 it was the first color animated television series created in Japan. The manga was first published in serialized form in Manga Shōnen magazine. The anime was produced by Mushi Production.
 Fire Star is a 2005 novel by an English author Chris D'Lacey. It is the sequel to his 2003 novel Icefire and is followed by The Fire Eternal which came out in September 2007.
 Hothouse is a 1962 award-winning fantasy/science fiction novel by British author Brian Aldiss composed of 5 novelettes that were originally serialised in a magazine. In the US an abridged version was published as The Long Afternoon of Earth; the full version was not published there until 1976. Five of the stories which make up the novel which were published separately in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction in 1961 were collectively awarded the 1962 Hugo Award for Best Short Fiction.
 Bones is a mystery novel by American author Jonathan Kellerman.
 Idaten Jump (IDATEN翔 Idaten Janpu) is a manga series created by Toshihiro Fujiwara serialized in Comic BonBon. The manga tells the story about a boy named Sho Yamato who loves mountain biking. It was adapted into a 52-episode anime by Aniplex whose original name is 韋駄天翔. A toyline was also made by Tomy. The manga was released in America by Tokyopop with all the sound effects in Japanese only.
 The Princess Diaries Volume VI and 1/2: The Princess Present is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2005 by HarperTeen Publishers.
 TheWeek is a free 48-page all-colour independent weekly contact newspaper published from Muscat in Oman.
 Resistance Rebellion and Death is a 1960 collection of essays written by Albert Camus and selected by the author prior to his death. The essays here generally involve conflicts near the Mediterranean with an emphasis on his home country Algeria and on the Algerian War of Independence in particular.
 Galactic Odyssey is a science fiction novel by author Keith Laumer.It was first serialized in IF magazine (May–July 1967)and first published in novel form in 1967. It was also known under the title Spaceman.
 Cloak of Deception is a 2002 novel set in the Star Wars galaxy. It is a prequel novel occurring before the events of Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace. The book was written by James Luceno. The cover art was by Steven Anderson. The book takes place 32.5 years before Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.Narration for the audio version was performed by Alexander Adams. The paperback version included a 15-page excerpt of Enemy Lines I: Rebel Dream.
 Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire is a multimedia project created by Lucasfilm Ltd. in 1996. The original idea was to create an interquel a story set between the movies The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi (a time no Star Wars novel had explored before) and to explore all commercial possibilities of a full motion picture release without actually making the film.
 Project Superpowers is a comic book limited series published by Dynamite Entertainment beginning January 2008. It was co-plotted by Jim Krueger and Alex Ross with scripts by Jim Krueger covers by Alex Ross and interior art by Doug Klauba and Stephen Sadowski for issue #0 and Carlos Paul for the remainder of the series.
 The Baltimore Afro-American commonly known as The Afro is a weekly newspaper published in Baltimore Maryland USA. It is the flagship newspaper of the Afro-American chain and the longest-running African-American family-owned newspaper in the United States.
 Hold Tight is a Harlan Coben 2008 stand-alone thriller dealing with problems of parental controls teenage suicide children independence and abuse of prescribed drugs. It features several characters that are equally important. It was moderately well received by the critics. It debuted simultaneously as a No. 1 New York Times best seller and a Times of London best seller.
 Diabetes Obesity and Metabolism is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal established in 1999 covering research on diabetes obesity and metabolism. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.181.
 The Breast (1972) is a novella by Philip Roth in which the main character David Kepesh becomes a 155-pound breast. Throughout the book Kepesh fights with himself. Part of him wishes to give in to bodily desires while the other part of him wants to be rational. Kepesh a literature professor compares his plight with that of fictional characters such as Gregor Samsa in Kafka's short story The Metamorphosis and Kovalyov in Nikolai Gogol's short story The Nose.
 The Journal of Cellular Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on all aspects of cellular physiology. The journal was previously established as Journal of Cellular and Comparative Physiology in 1932 but was renamed to its present title in 1966.
 The Green Knight is the 25th novel by the British writer and philosopher Iris Murdoch first published in 1993.
 The North American was an American newspaper published in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1839 though it could claim a lineage back to 1771 and published until 1925 when it was purchased by the owner of the rival Public Ledger.
 The Ghost Kings is a 1908 novel by H Rider Haggard.
 Men was an American gay pornographic magazine originally published as Advocate Men from 1984 until 1997 when it was retitled Men. It was published by Los Angeles-based Specialty Publications. The magazine contains explicit nude male photography often featuring popular stars from the gay adult film industry erotic fiction video reviews and other features. Notable models have included Zeb Atlas and Mark Dalton.
 Watch Your Mouth is a novel by the American writer Daniel Handler.It tells the story of the protagonist Joseph's lust-filled college summer he spent with his Jewish girlfriend Cynthia Glass in her hometown of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Handler has described it as an opera in book form.
 The Last Harvest: Paintings of Rabindranath Tagore is a book published in 2011 about Rabindranath Tagore (1861–1941) and his paintings. It was produced in conjunction with the traveling exhibition The Last Harvest: Paintings of Rabindranath Tagore.
 Le Bal is the title of collection of 2 novellas written by Irène Némirovsky. Published in France in 1930 it has been recently re-issued due to the increasing interest in and popularity of the author's work following the discovery and publication of Suite Française. Le Bal is a short novella about a German Jewish family living in Paris; Snow in Autumn is a poignant tale of Russian emigres fleeing to France following the Bolshevik Revolution.It was made into films in 1931.
 Dragon on a Pedestal is the seventh book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Crossings is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Scud: The Disposable Assassin (published from 1994 to 1998 and 2008) is a humorous hyperkinetic science fiction comic by Rob Schrab about a world in which one can buy robot assassins out of vending machines the most popular of which are intelligent robots that kill a specified target and then self-destruct.The protagonist of the series is Scud an average Heart Breaker Series 1373 model assassin.
 Business & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Business. The journal's editor is Duane Windsor Ph.D. (Harvard University). It has been in publication since 1960 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with International Association for Business and Society.
 The Greene Murder Case is a 1928 mystery novel by S. S. Van Dine. It focuses on the murders one by one of members of the wealthy and contentious Greene family: The holocaust that consumed the Greene family as detective Philo Vance memorably puts it. This is the third in the series of Philo Vance whodunits and the first of the Vance books not inspired by a real-life crime.
 Ghost Talker's Daydream known in Japan as Vulgar Ghost Daydream (低俗霊DAYDREAM Teizokurei Daydream) is a shōnen manga written by Saki Okuse and illustrated by Sankichi Meguro set in modern Japan. There are 10 volumes in total and the series was also adapted as a four episode OVA.
 We Are Smarter Than Me is a collaborative-writing project using wiki software whose initial goal was producing a book about decision making processes that use large numbers of people. The first book was published as a printed book late in 2007 by the publishing conglomerate Pearson Education.
 Skywriting by Word of Mouth is the third and last book written by John Lennon. Subtitled and Other Writings Including the Ballad of John and Yoko it was published posthumously in 1986 and included an afterword by his widow Yoko Ono. Like his other works it contains miscellaneous writings and cartoons.The book includes Lennon's autobiography (titled The Ballad of John and Yoko also the title of a song) in which he talks about the Beatles' break-up (I started the band.
 Blood Will Tell is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in the December 1963 issue of Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Trio for Blunt Instruments published by the Viking Press in 1964.
 The Tao of Pooh is a book written by Benjamin Hoff. The book is intended as an introduction to the Eastern belief system of Taoism for Westerners. It allegorically employs the fictional characters of A. A. Milne's Winnie-the-Pooh stories to explain the basic principles of philosophical Taoism. Hoff later wrote The Te of Piglet a companion book.
 My Dateless Diary is a collection of autobiographical essays by R. K. Narayan published in 1960. The book was the output of a daily journal that he maintained during his visit to the United States on a Rockefeller Fellowship in 1956. While on this visit Narayan also completed The Guide the writing of which is covered in this book. The book is focused on Narayan's interactions with the American people and the people themselves.
 Ara Nazhika Neram (Half an Hour Only) is a Malayalam novel written by Parappurath in 1967. One of the most famous novels by the prolific author it won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award and Sahitya Pravartaka Award. Set in the Central Travancore region in the 1960s the story revolved round an Orthodox Christian family headed by Kunjenachan a ninety-year-old patriarch who lives his life by The Book. The novel had a highly successful film adaptation with the same title in 1970.
 The Palm Beach Daily News is a daily newspaper in Florida serving the town of Palm Beach in Palm Beach County in South Florida. It is also known as The Shiny Sheet because of its heavy slick newsprint stock. It was founded in 1897 as the Lake Worth Daily News and it covers the social affairs of the wealthy residents on the island of Palm Beach itself. Owned by Cox Newspapers it is a sister publications of The Palm Beach Post.
 My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla (ISBN 0910077002) is a book compiled and edited by Ben Johnston detailing the work of Nikola Tesla. The content was largely drawn from a series of articles that Nikola Tesla had written for Electrical Experimenter magazine in 1919 at which time Tesla was 63 years old.
 Menino de engenho (Plantation boy) is a novel written by the Brazilian writer José Lins do Rego. It was first published in 1932.
 Flag of the Southern Cross is a poem written in 1887 by Australian bush poet Henry Lawson. The Flag of the Southern Cross refers to the Eureka Flag flown at the Eureka Rebellion in Ballarat Victoria in 1854. A copy of the poem can found at http://www.ironbarkresources.com/henrylawson/FlagOfTheSouthernCross.html.The victory song of the Australian cricket team—Under the Southern Cross I Stand—is said to have been inspired by this poem.
 Astronautilia based on the Czech Wikipedia entry Ἰωάννης Πυρεῖα = (Jan Křesadlo) 'Ποιήτοῦ άδήλου ΆΣΤΡΟΝΑΥΤΙΛÍΑ ἢ ἡ Μικροοδυσσεία ἡ κοσμική' - An unknown poet's Starvoyage or Small Space Odyssey (1994) is the supreme literary work of poet and writer Jan Křesadlo one of the most unusual works of twentieth century Czech literature.It was published shortly after his death as a commemorative first edition.
 Superman Unchained is an ongoing comic book series featuring the DC Comics character Superman. It is written by Scott Snyder with pencils by Jim Lee. The series was first announced at the New York Comic Con on October 11 2012. Superman Unchained takes place in the DC Universe as part of the New 52. The series launched in June 2013.
 Thunder Valley is the sixteenth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on December 1 1997 by Random House.
 The Steam Man of the Prairies by Edward S. Ellis was the first U.S. science fiction dime novel and archetype of the Frank Reade series. It is one of the earliest examples of the so-called Edisonade genre. Ellis was a prolific 19th century author best known as a historian and biographer and a source of early heroic frontier tales in the style of James Fenimore Cooper. This novel may be inspired by the steam powered invention of Zadoc Dederick.
 The Purcell Papers (1880) are a collection of thirteen Gothic supernatural historical and humorous short stories by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu (1814–73) originally written for the Dublin University Magazine. The first twelve were written between 1838–40 and purport to be extracts from the 'MS. Papers of the late Rev. Francis Purcell of Drumcoolagh' a Catholic priest.
 Metro Vaartha is an Indian Malayalam language daily newspaper published from Kochi Kerala. This newspaper is run by Vaartha Realty Media (P) Limited.
 American Behavioral Scientist is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of social and behavioral sciences. The editor-in-chief is Laura Lawrie. It was established in 1957 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Final Programme is a novel by British science fiction and fantasy writer Michael Moorcock. It was the first of his iconic Jerry Cornelius series of novels and stories and was originally published in hardback by Allison & Busby in 1969.
 The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History is a 2014 nonfiction 319 page book written by Elizabeth Kolbert and published by Henry Holt & Company. The book covers past mass extinctions and demonstrates that the earth and humans are in the midst of a sixth mass extinction.
 The Journal of Medical Engineering & Technology is an international independent multidisciplinary peer-reviewed medical journal covering physiological processes underlying disease and the appropriate application of technology. The editor in chief is John P. Woodcock.
 Molecules is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that focuses on all aspects of synthetic organic chemistry and natural product chemistry. It was established in March 1996 and is published monthly by MDPI. The editor-in-chief is Derek J. McPhee (Amyris Biotechnologies).
 The Only Witness by Jude Watson is the seventeenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 The Story Sisters is a 2009 novel by Alice Hoffman. It is about three sisters who inhabit a fantasy world and a real world on Long Island and in Manhattan. It has been described as magic realism.
 His Family is a novel by Ernest Poole published in 1917 about the life of a New York widower and his three daughters in the 1910s. It received the first Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1918.
 The Eagle and the Raven was written by James A. Michener.Drawings by Charles Shaw.It was published by State House Press of Austin Texas in 1990. State House Press was owned in part by a former secretary of Mr. Michener.Originally the fourth chapter of Michener's novel Texas. The Eagle and the Raven was deleted but then published separately at the insistence of Debbie Brothers a former secretary of Mr. Michener's.
 The Days of Anna Madrigal (2014) is the ninth and final book in the Tales of the City series by American novelist Armistead Maupin.
 Mauve Gloves & Madmen Clutter & Vine is a 1976 book by Tom Wolfe consisting of eleven essays and one short story that Wolfe wrote between 1967 and 1976. It includes the essay in which he coined the term the 'Me' Decade to refer to the 1970s. In addition to the stories Wolfe also illustrated the book.
 The 10 Big Lies About America: Combating Destructive Distortions About Our Nation is a 2008 book by radio talk show host Michael Medved. The book reached #30 on the New York Times Best Seller list.
 Les Paradis Artificiels (Artificial Paradises) is a book by French poet Charles Baudelaire first published in 1860 about the state of being under the influence of opium and hashish. Baudelaire describes the effects of the drugs and discusses the way in which they could theoretically aid mankind in reaching an ideal world.
 Mommy's Little Girl: Casey Anthony and her Daughter Caylee's Tragic Fate is a 2009 biographical true crime book by novelist Diane Fanning about 2-year-old Caylee Anthony’s disappearance from her Florida home in July 2008. This was the first book released about the case.Casey Anthony Caylee's mother who was indicted for first-degree murder in the death faced a capital murder charge in her trial.
 Understanding Power: The Indespensible Chomsky is a collection of previously-unpublished transcripts of seminars talks and question-and-answer sessions conducted by Noam Chomsky from 1989 to 1999.The transcripts were compiled and edited by Peter R. Mitchell and John Schoeffel. Mitchell and Schoeffel are public defenders in New York.
 Heidegger Studies is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the thought of Martin Heidegger published by Duncker & Humblot. It was established in 1985 and publishes contributions in English German and French. The editors-in-chief are Parvis Emad Friedrich-Wilhelm von Herrmann Pascal David Paola-Ludovika Coriando and Ingeborg Schüßler.
 4Q is a free national magazine published in the United Kingdom with a readership of 40000.Founded by Andrew Jackson and Michael Smith and later joined by Rob Pearson the idea for the magazine was initially intended as a university coursework project. After successfully winning a local ‘Dragon’s Den’ style competition hosted by the Manchester universities the duo set up the business for real after Jackson had completed his studies.
 Beautiful Bastard is an erotic romance novel by Christina Hobbs and Lauren Billings under the singular pen name of Christina Lauren. The book was originally published online as a Twilight fan fiction entitled The Office with Simon & Schuster purchasing the publishing rights to the series.A sequel entitled Beautiful Stranger that follows Chloe's best friend is set to release in May 2013.
 mAbs is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Landes Bioscience and focusing on antibodies. It was established in 2009. The editor-in-chief is Janice Reichert. It is indexed in MEDLINE PubMed the Science Citation Index Expanded Biological Abstracts BIOSIS Previews and Scopus.
 As Long as We Both Shall Live: Two Novels is a young adult book by Lurlene McDaniel published in October 2003. It consists of two previously published novels Till Death Do Us Part and For Better For Worse Forever.
 Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds (currently retitled as of 2009 as The Further Adventures of Sherlock Holmes: The War of the Worlds) is a sequel to H. G. Wells' science fiction novel The War of the Worlds written by Manly Wade Wellman and his son Wade Wellman and published in 1975. It was inspired by a viewing of A Study in Terror. It is a pastiche crossover which combines H. G.
 Gotham Underground is a nine-issue limited series from DC Comics written by Frank Tieri with art by Jim Califiore. The series looked at the repercussions of Countdown to Final Crisis and focuses on the Batman Family banding together to prevent a gang war to find out who will occupy the territory that belonged to the recently deceased Black Mask.
 The Dublin Review was an influential Catholic periodical founded in 1836 by Michael Joseph Quin Cardinal Wiseman and Daniel O'Connell. Quin had the original idea for the new journal soon persuading Wiseman to lend his support and next enlisting O'Connell whose Catholic Emancipation campaign he admired. Quin edited the first two issues before leaving to take up a post in the Spanish colonial service.
 Drug Development and Industrial Pharmacy is an academic journal that publishes research on aspects of drug development and production as well as the evaluation of drugs and pharmaceutical products.
 Gub Gub's Book: An Encyclopedia of Food: In Twenty Volumes is a 1932 children's book in the Doctor Dolittle series by Hugh Lofting.Gub-Gub the pig was one of the first animals with whom Doctor Dolittle learned to talk and appears in most of the books. This book features stories from and about Gub-Gub's attempt to write an encyclopedia of food.The frontispiece of the book introduces An Encyclopedia of Food in Twenty Volumes going on to explain that Prof.
 Security Analysis is a book written by professors Benjamin Graham and David Dodd of Columbia Business School which laid the intellectual foundation for what would later be called value investing.
 Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journeys is an autobiographical book written by the Gemini 10 and Apollo 11 astronaut Michael Collins. It was released in 1974 and has a foreword written by Charles A. Lindbergh.
 Cherwell (/ˈtʃɑrwɛl/ CHAR-well) is an independent newspaper largely published for students of Oxford University. First published in 1920 it has had an online edition since 1996. Named after the local river Cherwell is published by OSPL (Oxford Student Publications Ltd.) who also publish the sister publication ISIS along with the Etcetera Supplement and Bang! Science magazine.
 Beowulf's Children is a science fiction novel written by Larry Niven Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes. It is a sequel to The Legacy of Heorot. The book was published in the United Kingdom as The Dragons of Heorot in 1995. The novel concerns the actions and fate of the second generation of colonists on the planet Avalon.
 The Schulenburg Sticker is a weekly newspaper in Schulenburg Texas. It is published every Thursday except during the week of Christmas. It has been in continuous publication since 1894. The Schulenburg Sticker is currently owned by the Vyvjala family of Schulenburg.
 Blood Secret is a young adult novel by Kathryn Lasky.
 Back Street Heroes (est.
 The Soul of a New Machine is a non-fiction book written by Tracy Kidder and published in 1981. It chronicles the experiences of a computer engineering team racing to design a next-generation computer at a blistering pace under tremendous pressure. The machine was launched in 1980 as the Data General Eclipse MV/8000. The book won the 1982 National Book Award for Nonfictionand a Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.
 Wonder under Water is the English-language title of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 1990 Wunder unter Wasser an illustrations book of marine life.
 American Icon: The Fall of Roger Clemens and the Rise of Steroids in America's Pastime is a book written by Teri Thompson Michael O'Keeffe Nathaniel Vinton & Christian Red four sportswriters from the New York Daily News that was released in 2009. It focuses on seven-time Cy Young Award-winning pitcher Roger Clemens' alleged use of steroids relationship with trainer Brian McNamee and both their testimonies in front of Congress regarding the Mitchell Report (2007).
 Tokyo Red Hood (東京赤ずきん Tokyo Akazukin) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Benkyo Tamaoki. Its serialization began in the monthly Comic BIRZ in 2003. The manga is popular for its young main character and the different sex acts she partakes in. It's also known for its over-the-top gore and violence.
 The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World is a 1968 science fiction short story by American writer Harlan Ellison. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1969.
 The Grid is a weekly newspaper published in Toronto Canada. The paper was launched on May 12 2011 after owner Torstar discontinued publication of its previous title Eye Weekly.According to editor Laas Turnbull the publication's strategy is to be a younger hipper more provocative version of Toronto Life in a weekly guise.Contributors to the new publication include several former Eye Weekly writers.
 Revelation is the eighth novel in the Legacy of the Force series. It is a paperback by Karen Traviss and was released on February 26 2008.
 This article is about the novel by A. J. Cronin. For the song see The Minstrel Boy.The Minstrel Boy (also published under the title Desmonde) is a 1975 novel by A. J. Cronin.The story concerns the life of a young priest called Desmonde Fitzgerald. In his seminary he is noted for his magnificent singing voice his practical jokes and his good looks which make him inordinately attractive to women.
 And the Devil Will Drag You Under (1979) is a comic fantasy by Jack Chalker involving an alcoholic demon and two humans he summons to collect the pieces of a mystic artifact that the demon requires to save Earth from an asteroid on a collision course thereby permitting him to continue his bender.
 Star by Star is the tenth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars universe. It is a science fiction novel written by Troy Denning and published in 2001.
 Born Fighting: How the Scots-Irish Shaped America (ISBN 978-0-7679-1688-2) is a book by Jim Webb published in 2004. It is an history of the Scots-Irish in the United States. Webb maintains that Scots-Irish attitudes form the bedrock of American society especially among the working class. Webb details the history of many US Presidents of Scots-Irish ancestry.
 Talking Electronics or TE was an Australian electronics magazine from the 1980s aimed at beginners and hobbyists founded and produced by Colin Mitchell in Cheltenham Australia. The magazine and its associated mail-order kit business operated for its entirety out of Mitchell's home.
 Molecular Aspects of Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal for clinicians of all relevant specialities and biomedical scientists working in areas from biochemistry and molecular and cell biology to physiology pharmacology and pathology.
 Season Ticket: A Baseball Companion is a 1988 book written by Roger Angell whose previous works include Five Seasons Late Innings and the New York Times best-seller The Summer Game. Angell is considered one of the country's premier baseball writers.
 The Dark Tower: The Sorcerer is a one-shot issue comic book which serves as a prelude to The Dark Tower: The Fall of Gilead story-arc within Marvel's The Dark Tower comic book series which is a spin-off of Stephen King's The Dark Tower novel series. Unlike the previous three Dark Tower story-arcs which follow Roland Deschain and his ka-tet Sorcerer follows the life and motives of The Dark Tower villain Marten Broadcloak.
 Scene of the Crime is a four-issue comic book miniseries published in 1999 by DC Comics written by Ed Brubaker pencilled and inked by Michael Lark and also inked by Sean Phillips following the first issue.Scene of the Crime follows private detective Jack Herriman as he is hired to track down a missing person in and around San Francisco.
 The African Economic Outlook is an annual reference book-journal which focuses on the economics of most African countries. It reviews the recent economic situation and predicts the short-term interrelated economic social and political evolution of all African economies. The report is published by the OECD Development Centre the African Development Bank the United Nations Development Programme and United Nations Economic Commission for Africa. It was established in 2002.
 Bomben auf Monte Carlo is a 1930 German comedy novel by Fritz Reck-Malleczewen. The penniless captain of a vessel puts into Monte Carlo hoping to raise money at the gaming tables to pay his crew. While there he becomes entangled with a monarch in disguise.
 Nicolae: The Rise of Antichrist is the third book in the Left Behind series. It was written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 1997 and was published on Wednesday October 1 of that year. It takes place 18–21 months into the Tribulation.
 Pools of Twilight is a fantasy novel published by TSR Inc. in November 1993. It is the third and final novel in the Heroes of Phlan novel trilogy set in the Forgotten Realms setting for based on the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 For the film of the same name made from the novel see Felicia's Journey (film).Felicia's Journey is a novel written by William Trevor first published in 1994. The novel was made into a 1999 film of the same name.The book won the Whitbread Prize in 1994.
 That's Not What I Meant! How Conversational Style Makes or Breaks Relationships is Deborah Tannen's first book presenting for a general audience her linguistic approach to explaining how ways of speaking affect relationships.
 Physical Biology publishes articles in the interdisciplinary field bridging biology and the physical sciences. This journal focuses on research in which physics-based approaches lead to new insights into biological systems at all scales of space and time and all levels of complexity.The editor-in-chief is Timothy Newman at the University of Dundee UK.The journal had an Impact factor of 2.620 for 2012 according to Journal Citation Reports.
 The Family Trade is the first book of Charles Stross' alternate history science fiction series The Merchant Princes. It placed fifth in the annual Locus Poll for best fantasy novel as well as winning the Sidewise Award for Alternate History a year later (as part of Stross's Merchant Princes sequence).
 Gulag: A History also published as Gulag: A History of the Soviet Camps is a non-fiction book covering the history of the Soviet Gulag system. It was written by American author Anne Applebaum and published in 2003 by Doubleday. Gulag won the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction and the 2004 Duff Cooper Prize.
 The Saint in Europe is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris first published in 1953 by The Crime Club in the United States and in 1954 by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom. This was the 29th book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint and it also marked a resumption of the book series after a five-year hiatus.
 Winterthur Portfolio is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. The journal covers articles on the arts in the United States and the historical context within which they were developed. Interdisciplinary articles study art and artifacts in their cultural framework. The journal is sponsored by the Henry Francis DuPont Winterthur Museum.
 24sata (24 hours) is a Croatian compact published in Zagreb with a circulation of about 150000 copies.24sata is the youngest daily newspaper in Croatia. It was launched by Styria Medien AG an Austrian media group in March 2005. Its first editor-in-chief Matija Babić announced that the new newspaper would target young urban and modern audiences.
 Nothing But the Truth: A Documentary Novel is a 1992 novel written by Avi. The book is a young adult novel in a modified epistolary style through diary entries personal letters school memos and transcripts of dialogue. It tells the story of an incident in a New Hampshire town where a boy is suspended for humming the United States National Anthem as well as the effects of this story receiving national publicity.
 Lord Tony's Wife by Baroness Orczy is a sequel book to the classic adventure tale The Scarlet Pimpernel. It was first published in 1917.A French-language version translated and adapted by Françoise delle Donne was published in 1954 under the title Le Rire du Mouron Rouge.
 Raise the Bar: An Action-Based Method for Maximum Customer Reactions is an non-fiction book by bar consultant and Bar Rescue host Jon Taffer. The book focuses on Jon Taffer's philosophy of Reaction Management which focuses on creating the right reactions in bar customers. The book is schedule to be released on October 8 2013.
 For the novel by Gore Vidal see Messiah (1954 novel)Messiah is a thriller novel by British writer Boris Starling published in 1999. Following the success of the novel a sequel Storm (2000) was also released.The novel became the basis for the popular BBC TV series Messiah starring Ken Stott.
 The Hawaii Hochi is a Japanese and English language six-day-a-week newspaper published and sold in Hawaii United States. The newspaper was founded in 1912 to serve the Japanese immigrant community in Hawaii. At its peak in the early 1990s the newspaper had a circulation of 9000. The number has since dwindled to around 3000. The newspaper is delivered by mail. The newspaper's publishing company also operates a commercial printing business.
 The UCSD Guardian is a student-operated newspaper at the University of California San Diego. Originally named the Triton Times it is published twice a week during the regular academic year usually Mondays and Thursdays. Although the Guardian is officially a university department it is funded solely by advertising. Unlike many college newspapers the Guardian has no faculty advisor and is not formally tied to any academic program.
 L'Indice dei libri del mese (L'Indice) is an Italian monthly of cultural information. Founded in 1984 it is one of the most longeve and authoritative in the field.
 Anniversary is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the March 1959 issue of Amazing Stories and subsequently appeared in the collections Asimov's Mysteries (1968) and The Best of Isaac Asimov (1973). The story was written to mark the twentieth anniversary of Asimov's first published story Marooned Off Vesta in the March 1939 issue of Amazing. The story is also part of a loosely connected series of stories by Asimov about the supercomputer Multivac.
 World War Blue (蒼い世界の中心で Aoi Sekai no Chūshin de lit. In the Center of the Blue World) is a Japanese fantasy manga series written by Anastasia Shestakova and illustrated by Crimson. The series is a re-imagining of the console wars featuring characters inspired by video games. An anime adaptation by 5th Avenue began airing in Japan on October 20 2012.
 A Heritage and Its History is a novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett first published in 1959 by Victor Gollancz.
 TheFrenchPaper was a monthly newspaper for the English-speaking expatriate community in France. It was founded in June 2009 and edited in Poitou-Charentes. The final issue of theFrenchPaper was published in July 2011.The paper published a variety of features concerning many aspects of life in France offering advice and information for expatriates living there.
 Chickenfeed (2006) is a crime novella by English writer Minette Walters published as part of the Quick Reads designed to promote literacy through short simply written and fast moving stories.
 The Bushbabies is a children's novel by Canadian author William Stevenson published in 1965. The book was inspired by Stevenson's own life in Kenya where his daughter Jackie to whom the book is dedicated kept a bushbaby named Kamau as a pet. The fictional aspects of the novel involve Jackie Rhodes and her father's African servant Tembo escaping across the wilderness from a pack of man-hunters who have been led to believe that Tembo has kidnapped Jackie.
 The Tamuli is a series of fantasy novels by David Eddings. The series consists of three volumes: Domes of Fire The Shining Ones The Hidden CityThe Tamuli is the sequel to The Elenium. In this series Sparhawk and friends travel to the Tamul Empire far to the east.
 Good Luck Girl! known in Japan as Binbō-gami ga! (貧乏神が! lit. This God of Poverty!) is a Japanese comedy manga series by Yoshiaki Sukeno was serialized in Shueisha's Jump Square magazine between the July 2008 and August 2013 issues. An anime adaptation by Sunrise aired in Japan between July 4 and September 26 2012.
 Riptide is a novel written by Lincoln Child and Douglas Preston published in 1998 by Warner Books.The novel revolves around a plot to retrieve the buried treasure of nefarious pirate Red Ned Ockham. The treasure which is estimated to be worth close to two billion dollars reputedly includes St. Michael's Sword a weapon with the power to kill anyone who looks at it.The novel is pure fiction but is based in part on the legend of the Oak Island Money Pit.
 African and Asian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on Africa and Asia.
 The Fates of Nations: A Biological Theory of History is a 1980 book by Paul Colinvaux professor of ecology at Ohio State University.The book is a theory of history from an ecologist's perspective arguing that the fundamental structure and constraints of human breeding habits can explain much of the ebb and flow of human history.
 Jane was an American magazine created to appeal to the women who grew up reading Sassy Magazine both of which had Jane Pratt as founding editor. Its original target audience (pitched to advertisers) was aged 18–34 and was designed to appeal to women who did not like the typical women's magazine format. Pratt originally intended the magazine to be named Betty but she was voted down by everyone else involved in the making of the magazine.
 The Journal of Nuclear Cardiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in nuclear cardiology. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and is the official journal of the American Society of Nuclear Cardiology. The editor-in-chief is George A. Beller (University of Virginia Health System). The founding editor was Barry L. Zaret (Yale University School of Medicine). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.847.
 The Journal of Environmental Engineering is a monthly engineering journal published by the American Society of Civil Engineers. The journal covers interdisciplinary aspects of the research and practice in environmental engineering systems engineering and sanitation.The main editor is Raymond A. Ferrara of Omni Environmental LLC.
 Spadework is a novel by Canadian writer Timothy Findley set in the theater world of Stratford Ontario. It was first published in Canada by HarperCollins Publishers in 2001.
 Faces of Sunset Boulevard: A Portrait of Los Angeles is a 2008 photography and coffee table book by Patrick Ecclesine that won Top Photo Book of 2008 by Shutterbug magazine. PopMatters literary critic Rodger Jacobs stated Patrick Ecclesine's Faces of Sunset Boulevard is without a doubt one of the strongest statements about man's dark fate in the West ever committed to paper in the author and photographer's chosen form...
 The Post and Courier is the main daily newspaper in Charleston South Carolina. It traces its ancestry to three newspapers the Charleston Courier founded in 1803 the Charleston Daily News founded 1865 and The Evening Post founded 1894. Through the Courier it is the oldest daily newspaper in the South and one of the oldest continuously operating newspapers in the United States.
 GRAB is a Chicago Illinois LGBT entertainment magazine. The biweekly publication is distributed free in the Greater Chicago area. Founded in 2009 by Stacy Bridges and Mark Nagel.GRAB organizes the annual Grabby Awards (better known as The Grabbys) to honor work done in the gay pornography industry. Both GRAB magazine and the Grabby Awards are owned and operated by Grabbys LLC.
 Townie – A Memoir is a 2011 memoir by American novelist and writer of short stories Andre Dubus III. It details Dubus' childhood in Haverhill Massachusetts and his frequently turbulent relationship with his father Andre Dubus II.
 Wisedog (a spoof of Wiseguy) is an adventure story arc of the Philippine comic strip series Pugad Baboy created by Pol Medina Jr. and originally published in the Philippine Daily Inquirer. This particular story arc lasts 17 strips long. In 1992 the story arc was reprinted in Pugad Baboy 3 the third book compilation of the comic strip series.
 Leeds Student is a British weekly student newspaper published free every Friday during term-time and distributed around the University of Leeds Leeds England. The only paid position is that of the editor who is elected yearly by members of Leeds University Union. The articles are written by students and are largely about local and student based issues.
 Culpepper's Cannon is the third novel in the Culpepper Adventures series by Gary Paulsen. It is about Dunc Culpepper and Amos who are researching the Civil War cannon in the town square until they uncover a hidden note inside the cannon which tells about a time portal. It was published on July 1 1992 by Dell Publishing.
 Massis (in Armenian Մասիս) is bilingual (published in Armenian and English) since 1980. The weekly newspaper is headquartered in Pasadena California.Massis is the organ of the Social Democrat Hunchakian Party's Western USA region.
 Famitsu (ファミ通 Famitsū formerly Famicom Tsūshin) is a line of Japanese video game magazines published by Enterbrain Inc. and Tokuma. Currently there are five Famitsū magazines: Shūkan Famitsū Famitsū PS3 + PSP Famitsū Xbox 360 Famitsū DS+Wii and Famitsū Wave DVD. Shūkan Famitsū (週刊ファミ通 lit. Weekly Famitsū) the original Famitsū publication is considered the most widely read and respected video game news magazine in Japan.
 The Philadelphia Negro is a sociological study of the African American people of Philadelphia written by W. E. B. Du Bois. Commissioned by the University of Pennsylvania and published in 1899 the work is one of the earliest examples of sociology as a statistically-based social science. Du Bois gathered information for the study in the time period between August 1896 and December 1897.
 Stone Butch Blues is a novel written by transgender activist Leslie Feinberg. The novel won the 1994 Stonewall Book Award. It tells the story of the life of a butch named Jess Goldberg and the trials and tribulations she faces growing up in the United States before the Stonewall riots. Published in 1993 the novel became an underground hit before surfacing into mainstream literature.
 The Yale Journal on Regulation is a biannual student-edited law review covering regulatory and administrative law published at Yale Law School. The journal publishes articles essays notes and commentaries that cover a wide range of topics in regulatory corporate administrative international and comparative law. The Yale Journal on Regulation is the top-ranked specialized journal at Yale Law School according to the 2012 Washington and Lee University law journal rankings.
 Planned Obsolescence: Publishing Technology and the Future of the Academy is a book by Kathleen Fitzpatrick Director of Scholarly Communication at the Modern Language Association and Visiting Research Professor of English at New York University published by NYU Press on November 1 2011.
 The Roving Party is a 2011 novel written by Tasmanian author Rohan Wilson. Wilson's first book it is published by Allen and Unwin. The Roving Party won the 2011 The Australian/Vogel Literary Award and is shortlisted for the 2011 Victorian Premier's Literary Awards Vance Palmer Prize for Fiction.
 Mayday is a 1979 thriller novel by American author Thomas Block. The novel was updated in 1998 by authors Thomas Block and Nelson DeMille and re-released as a paperback.
 Vascular Health and Risk Management is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in cardiology. It is published by Dove Medical Press.
 The Strange World of Mr. Mum was a surreal humor comic panel by Irving Phillips which was published from 1958 to 1974. At its peak it appeared daily in 180 newspapers in 22 countries. Initially distributed by the Hall Syndicate it was later handled by the Field Newspaper Syndicate. A Sunday edition began in 1961.
 Spin is a music magazine founded in 1985 by publisher Bob Guccione Jr.. The magazine stopped running in print in 2012 and currently runs as a webzine.
 Mat Rona Ramjani Chacha (Hindi: मत रोना रमज़ानी चाचा)is a collection of ghazals by the Indian poet Ravindra Prabhat. Mat Rona Ramjani Chacha depicts the interplay of human emotions thoughts and actions by taking mythological metaphors.
 Dark Green Bright Red is a novel by Gore Vidal concerning a revolution headed by a former military dictator in an unnamed Central American republic. The book was first published in 1950 in the United States by E. P. Dutton. The novel received mixed reviews.
 Mostellaria is a play by the Roman author Plautus. Its name translates from Latin as The Haunted House (with the word Domus understood in the title). It is a comedy with a very linear plot. It is set in the city of Athens on a street in front of the houses of Theopropides and Simo.
 Critical Factor is a science fiction short story written by Hal Clement and published in 1953.
 The Eagle and The Wolves is a 2003 novel by Simon Scarrow the fourth book in the Eagle Series where main characters Macro and Cato command two cohorts of soldiers made up of warriors and nobles from the Atrebatan kingdom. This book follows their adventures in 44 AD during the occupation of Britain by Rome and Caratacus's following rebellion.The book begins with the aftermath of the last book as Cato and Macro recover from their injuries in the city of Calleva.
 The Eastern Morning News was a newspaper based in Kingston upon Hull UK Founded by William Saunders in 1864 it ceased publication in November 1929.
 What’s Become of Waring is the fifth novel by the English writer Anthony Powell. It is his final novel of the 1930s and the only one not published by Powell’s first employer and publisher Duckworth. Published in 1939 Powell’s book was overshadowed by international events limiting sales. Nonetheless it marks a significant step in Powell’s development anticipating his masterpiece A Dance to the Music of Time via the introduction of the self-effacing first-person narrator.
 Auricula Meretricula is a modern play based upon the works of the Ancient Roman playwrights Plautus and Terence. Written by Ann Cumming and Mary Whitlock Blundell in 1981 it was made as a play for first-year Latin students. The authors' main goal in writing the play was to aid in their teaching of the Latin course which revolved primarily around the efficient but dull Wheelock's Latin Grammar.
 Soul Circus is a 2003 crime novel by George Pelecanos. It is set in Washington DC and focuses on private investigators Derek Strange and Terry Quinn. It is the third novel to involve the characters following Right as Rain (2001) and Hell to Pay (2002).
 Gekkan Shōjo Nozaki-kun (月刊少女野崎くん lit. Monthly Shōjo Nozaki-kun) is an ongoing Japanese four-panel web romantic comedy manga written and illustrated by Izumi Tsubaki. Its chapters are serialized in Gangan Online and published in tankōbon volumes by Square Enix. An anime television series adaptation by Dogakobo is scheduled to air from July 2014.
 The British edition of the American magazine Men's Health was launched in February 1995 with a separate editorial team and is the best-selling monthly men's magazine in the United Kingdom selling more than GQ and Esquire put together. The magazine focuses on topics such as fitness sex relationships health weight loss nutrition fashion technology and style.
 Health Education & Behavior is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal published by SAGE. It publishes original peer-reviewed articles that examine social and behavioral change as they affect health status and quality of life. It also examines the processes of planning implementing managing and assessing health education and social-behavioral interventions.
 Camp 30 is the second book in the Camp X series written by Canadian author Eric Walters. The book is based on the Bowmanville POW camp also known as Camp 30 and the escape attempt Operation Kiebitz. The novel is about brothers Jack and George learning about Camp 30 and had also discovered a prisoner escape plan. They try to prevent it before it is too late.
 Zone of Emptiness (Shinku chitai 1952) is a war novel by Japanese writer Hiroshi Noma. It was translated into French at the University of Tokyo and published by Editions Le Sycomore as Zone de vide and subsequently translated into English by Bernard Frechtman and published in the United States in 1956.
 I Am Wings: poems about love is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher it was first published in 1994. It was chosen by School Library Journal as one of their best books of 1994.
 Behind the Lines: Powerful and Revealing American and Foreign War Letters—and One Man's Search to Find Them published in 2005 by Scribner is a book compiled by Andrew Carroll the editor of three New York Times bestsellers consisting of letters written by soldiers during the wars in American history correspondences by their civilian families and Carroll's search to find them.
 Gertrud is a novel by written by Hermann Hesse first published in 1910.
 Lucky Guy is a play by Nora Ephron that premiered in 2013 the year after her death. It was Ephron's final work and marked Tom Hanks's Broadway debut in which he earned a Theatre World Award. It depicts the story of journalist Mike McAlary beginning in 1985 and ending with his death at the age of 41 in 1998. The plot covers the high points and tribulations of McAlary's career as he traverses the clubby atmosphere of the New York City tabloid industry in what some regard as its heyday.
 To Conquer Chaos is a 1964 science fiction novel by John Brunner.
 Caucasia (1998) is a novel written by Danzy Senna. It features the coming of age of Birdie one of two multiracial sisters.
 Haematologica (Pavia Italy) is a monthly open access peer reviewed scientific journal jointly published by the Ferrata Storti Foundation and the European Hematology Association The Editor in Chief is Jan Cools (Leuven Belgium). The focus of Haematologica is all topics related to experimental and clinical hematology which results in a multidisciplinary scope.
 Psychological Science the flagship journal of the Association for Psychological Science (APS) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by SAGE Publications. It is one of the most influential journals in psychology and ranked among the top 10 general psychology journals.
 The Keepers of the House is a 1964 novel by Shirley Ann Grau set in rural Alabama and covering seven generations of the Howland family that lived in the same house and built a community around themselves. As such it is a metaphor for the long-established families of the Deep South of the United States their encounter with changing values and norms and the hypocrisy of racism. In 1965 The Keepers of the House was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
 Aalahayude Penmakkal (English: Daughters of God the father) is a Malayalam novel written by Sarah Joseph and published in 1999. The novel is the first in the trilogy which includes 'Mattathi' and 'Othappu'. This novel gave widespread recognition to Sarah Joseph and her craft. 'Aalahayude Penmakkal' won the Kerala Sahitya Academy award of 2001 Kendra Sahitya Academy award of 2003 and Vayalar Ramavarma award of 2004.
 The Journal of Theoretical and Computational Chemistry (JTCC) was founded in 2002 and is published by World Scientific. It is an interdisciplinary journal covering developments in theoretical and computational chemistry as well as their applications to other scientific fields such as physics biology and material sciences.
 Post-Scarcity Anarchism is a collection of essays by Murray Bookchin first published in 1971 by Ramparts Press. Bookchin outlines the possible form anarchism might take under conditions of post-scarcity.
 Meccano Magazine was an English monthly hobby magazine published by Meccano Ltd between 1916 and 1963 and by other publishers between 1963 and 1981. The magazine was initially created for Meccano builders but it soon became a general hobby magazine aimed at boys of all ages. It remained in circulation for over sixty years.
 The Beaufort Sisters is a 1979 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about four wealthy sisters from Kansas. Kerry Packer wanted to have it adapted into a mini series but although scripts were written no show resulted.
 National Security Decision Directive 77 (NSDD-77) - titled Management of Public Diplomacy Relative to National Security was a U.S. National Security Directive signed on January 14 1983 by President Ronald Reagan. The directive established a Special Planning Group (SPG) under the National Security Council (NSC) whose purpose was to strengthen organize plan and coordinate public diplomacy of the United States relative to national security.
 Hakushaku to Yōsei (伯爵と妖精? Earl and Fairy) is a completed series of light novels written by Mizue Tani and published in Japan by Shueisha. The story is serialized in Cobalt magazine and illustrated by Asako Takaboshi (Ayuko). Shueisha has commercially released two drama CDs and a manga adaptation has begun serialization in The Margaret since the September issue in 2008.An anime adaptation was broadcast from September to December 2008.
 Sylhet Protidin is a major daily newspaper in Bangladesh published from Sylhet in the Bengali language. In 2007 the paper's editor Ahmed Noor was arrested by the Rapid Action Battalion and allegedly tortured. A fact finding report by human rights group Odhikar suggests that para-military forces threatened to close the newspaper down in 2007.
 To Each His Own (Italian title: A ciascuno il suo) is a 1966 detective novel by Leonardo Sciascia in which an introverted academic (Professor Laurana) in attempting to solve a double-homicide is murdered for his naive interference in town politics.
 Compu-toon is a comic strip by Charles Boyce. Compu-toon was launched in 1994 through Tribune Media Services. At its height the comic strip ran in about 150 newspapers worldwide from 1994 to 1997 in print form. Now it appears on such Web sites as www.gocomics.com www.compu-toon.com and www.ucomics.com.
 Brief Interviews with Hideous Men (1999) is a collection of 23 short stories by David Foster Wallace. Several of the stories are entitled Brief Interviews with Hideous Men and are presented as transcripts of interviews with male subjects.
 The Old Boys' Network: A Headmaster's Diaries 1970–1986 is the 2009 autobiography by the late headmaster of Westminster School John Rae. It consists of the journal he kept for most of the period in which he was headmaster of Westminster School (1972– 1986) edited by him shortly before his death in December 2006 aged 75. It was published by Short Books on 2 April 2009. It was serialised as BBC Radio 4's Book of the Week from 30 March to 3 April 2009 read by Tim Pigott-Smith.
 Language Acquisition: A Journal of Developmental Linguistics is an American peer-reviewed journal in psycholinguistics that has been published quarterly since 1990. It is mainly devoted to studies of language acquisition that are informed by and relevant to current research in generative linguistics. Its founding co-editors were Robert Berwick Thomas Roeper and Kenneth Wexler. From 2003 to 2011 it was co-edited by Diane Lillo-Martin and William Snyder (both from University of Connecticut).
 Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life is a 2006 children's novel by Wendy Mass.The story follows twelve-year-old Jeremy Fink and his neighbor Lizzy Muldoun as they attempt to retrieve four keys that unlock a wooden box delivered one month before Jeremy's 13th birthday.
 Other Bells for Us to Ring (1990) is the U.S. author Robert Cormier’s first novel for young readers (10-12 years). Prior to this he published three novels for adults six novels for teenagers and one volume of short stories for teenagers. The book was published in the United Kingdom in 1991 under the title Darcy. Cormier was successful both in sales and critical acclaim.
 Always Fresh: The Untold Story of Tim Hortons by the Man Who Created a Canadian Empire is the autobiography of Ron Joyce and covers his time with Tim Hortons from its inception until his retirement from the company.
 Tiger was an American men's magazine that featured photographs of pin-up girls as well as journalism and fiction. It was founded in Chicago in 1956 by G. George Fox Jr. and published by Reynard Press into the mid-1960s. The first issue was Vol. 1 No.
 Kiichi!! (キーチ!!) is a manga by Hideki Arai. It tells the story of the main character's life beginning at the age of three. Serialized in Big Comics Superior for nine volumes went on a prolonged hiatus before returning with a new title as Kiichi VS.
 Online is a magazine for information systems first published in 1977. The publisher Online Inc. was founded the year before. In May 2002 Information Today Inc. acquired the assets of Online Inc. The magazine merged in 2013 with the magazine Searcher to form Online Searcher.The website contains selected full-text articles and news from each issue.
 Thirteen Bullets is a vampire novel by David Wellington published in serial online in March 2006.
 The Great Smith House Hustle is a novel for children by the American writer Jane Louise Curry.The Smith clan who after moving across the country to live in Grandma Smith’s old house in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania learn they are to be evicted. The Smith children with the help of the community race to uncover a long-standing scam to steal the houses of seniors before the savings and loan repossesses Grandma’s home.
 The Reason I Jump: One Boy's Voice from the Silence of Autism is a book written by Naoki Higashida in 2005 when he was 13 and translated into English in 2013.
 The New Traveller's Almanac is a series of writings included in the back of all six issues of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Volume II covering the timeline and the world of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. The six issues covered the British Isles Continental Europe the Americas Africa and the Middle East Asia and the Australias and the Polar Regions. In the Volume II collection the Almanac was collected into a single 46-page document.
 Random Acts of Senseless Violence is a dystopian and speculative fiction novel by Jack Womack.
 Studies in Comparative Religion was a quarterly academic journal published from 1963 to 1987 that contained essays on the spiritual practices and religious symbolism of the world's religions. The journal was notable for the number of prominent Perennialists who contributed to it. It was also notable for being the first English-language journal focused on the subject of traditional studies and comparative religion.
 The The Daily Herald is a daily newspaper in Columbia Tennessee. It is owned and published by Stephens Media LLC. The newspaper is published six days a week Sunday through Friday the paper does not publish on Saturday. Although it is primarily distributed to Maury County Tennessee its Newspaper Designated Market (N.D.M.) stretches into five counties in Southern Middle Tennessee.
 The Barrier Miner was a daily English language broadsheet newspaper published in Broken Hill in far western New South Wales from 1888 to 1974.
 The Huntsville Times is a thrice-weekly newspaper published in Huntsville Alabama and printed in Birmingham Alabama. It also serves the surrounding areas of north Alabama's Tennessee Valley region. The Times formerly operated as an afternoon paper but moved to mornings years after The Huntsville News ceased publication. It was published by The Huntsville Times Company Inc. a subsidiary of Advance Publications Inc.
 Niyamiya Barta (Assamese: নিয়মীয়া বাৰ্তা) is an Indian Assamese language daily newspaper. The newspaper was launched on 4 March 2011. At that time it was published simultaneously from Guwahati and Dibrugarh of Assam.Niyamiya Barta is run and published by APPL (Arkashish Publications Private Limited) under the leadership of Mrs. Bobby Talukdar and Mr. Mayur Talukdar who are directors of this publications.The head office of this newspaper is located at Kotahbari Garchuk Guwahati.
 A Discourse on the Moral Effects of the Arts and Sciences (1750) also known as Discourse on the Sciences and Arts (French: Discours sur les sciences et les arts) and commonly referred to as The First Discourse is an essay by Genevan philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau which argued that the arts and sciences corrupt human morality. It was Rousseau's first successful published philosophical work and it was the first expression of his influential views about nature vs.
 Gate 7 (ゲート セブン Gēto Sebun) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by the manga artist group Clamp. It was originally published as a one-shot in December 2010 and later began serialization in the March 2011 issue of Shueisha's Jump Square magazine. It concerns a young student who visits a shrine in Kyoto and meets a beautiful childlike female-looking warrior who invites him to fight supernatural enemies. The manga is licensed in English in North America by Dark Horse Comics.
 48 Shades of Brown is the title of a young-adult novel by Australian author Nick Earls published by Penguin Books in 1999. The novel was awarded Children's Book of the Year: Older Readers by the Children's Book Council of Australia in 2000. The novel has been adapted into a play and a film.
 Have I Got Views For You (2006) is a book on Boris Johnson's political and humorous history especially his time on the BBC's Have I Got News For You.
 Mei-chan no Shitsuji (メイちゃんの執事 lit. Mei-chan's Butler) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Riko Miyagi. The manga was serialized in Shueisha's Margaret magazine. The manga is licensed and published in Chinese in Taiwan by Tong Li Publishing. The manga has been adapted into a live-action Japanese television drama which was broadcast on Fuji TV between January 13 and March 17 2009.
 The Melting of Maggie Bean is a children's novel by Tricia Rayburn published in 2007. The book follows the titular Maggie Bean's quest to lose weight and join her school's synchronized swim team.
 Other Voices Other Rooms is a novel written by Truman Capote published in January 1948. Other Voices Other Rooms is written in the Southern Gothic style and is notable for its atmosphere of isolation and decadence.Other Voices Other Rooms is significant because it is both Truman Capote's first published novel and semi-autobiographical.
 How to Disappear Completely and Never Be Found is a book by Doug Richmond originally released in 1995 which is a how-to guide on starting a new identity. It includes chapters on planning a disappearance arranging for new identification finding work establishing credit pseudocide (creating the impression you're dead) and more.
 The Watan News (Arabic: وطن نيوز‎) is an online Jordanian news agency.
 The Early Stories: 1953–1975 published in 2003 by Knopf is a John Updike book collecting much of his short stories written from the beginning of his writing career when he was just 21 until 1975. Only four stories published in this entire time period have been omitted from this collection by John Updike himself: Intercession (collected in The Same Door) and The Pro One of My Generation and God Speaks (collected in Museums and Women and Other Stories).
 As Comadres is a theatrical comedy in two acts written by Miguel M. Abrahão in 1978 and published first in 1981 in Brazil.
 This article is about a 1915 book. For other uses see The Lost Continent.Beyond Thirty is a short science fiction novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was written in 1915 and first published in All Around Magazine in February 1916 but did not appear in book form in Burroughs' lifetime.
 Dosheeza is a Urdu language Pakistani family and fictional digest/magazine publish from the Karachi Sindh. It is monthly digest based on fiction and women's magazine in Urdu language.
 The Herald is a government owned daily newspaper published in Harare the capital of Zimbabwe.
 Emergency Nurse is a monthly professional magazine which publishes original research and clinical articles relevant to the practice of emergency nursing.
 La Dormition des amants is a Belgian novel written by Jacqueline Harpman. It was first published through Éditions Grasset in 2002. It won the Prix triennal du roman of the French Community of Belgium in 2003.
 There's No Love in Rock and Roll is a 6-page comic book story from True Life Romance No. 3 published by Ajax in August 1956. The plot concerns defiant teenager Shirley and the irritation she causes her parents by dating a boy who loves rock and roll.
 Chemisches Zentralblatt is the first and oldest abstracts journal published in the field of chemistry. It covers the chemical literature from 1830 to 1969 and describes therefore the “birth” of chemistry as science in contrast to alchemy.
 Sarajevo Tango is an anti-war comic book/graphic novel by Hermann initially released in 1995. Sarajevo Tango is also the first Hermann’s big work done in direct color and according to several critics one of his finest.[citation needed]On the surface the book follows a crime story that takes place in Sarajevo during the Siege of Sarajevo (1992–1996).
 Mister Ajikko (ミスター味っ子 Misutā Ajikko) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Daisuke Terasawa about a young boy cook. It was later adapted into anime series produced by TV Tokyo and Sunrise. This show was broadcast from October 8 1987 to September 28 1989 with a total of 99 episodes. One of the earliest cooking/battle related manga and anime of its kind there are some indications that this series is the inspiration for the live action competitive cooking show Iron Chef.
 Imzadi is a non-canon Star Trek novel by Peter David primarily exploring William Riker's assignment to Betazed and his early relationship with Deanna Troi.Imzadi has a complex structure involving time travel through the Guardian of Forever but a straightforward plot of love and rescue.
 The McGill Tribune is an independent campus newspaper published by the Tribune Publication Society in Montreal Quebec Canada. It has a circulation of 11000 between McGill's downtown and Macdonald campuses. It publishes once a week on Tuesdays.In March 2010 following a student referendum the Tribune severed its ties with SSMU which had previously published the newspaper. The newspaper is now published by the Tribune Publication Society - a non-profit independent students' society.
 Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children From Nature-Deficit Disorder is a 2005 book by author Richard Louv that documents decreased exposure of children to nature in American society and how this nature-deficit disorder harms children and society. The book examines research and concludes that direct exposure to nature is essential for healthy childhood development and for the physical and emotional health of children and adults.
 Carmilla is a Gothic novella by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu. First published in 1872 it tells the story of a young woman's susceptibility to the attentions of a female vampire named Carmilla. Carmilla predates Bram Stoker's Dracula by 25 years and has been adapted many times for cinema.
 Le Charivari was an illustrated newspaper published in Paris France from 1832 to 1937. It published caricatures political cartoons and reviews. After 1835 when the government banned political caricature Le Charivari began publishing satires of everyday life.The newspaper was started by caricaturist Charles Philipon and his brother-in-law Gabriel Aubert to reduce their financial risk of censorship fines.
 Columbine is a non-fiction book written by Dave Cullen and published by Twelve on April 6 2009. It is a comprehensive examination of the Columbine High School massacre perpetrated by Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold on April 20 1999. The book covers two major storylines: the killers' evolution leading up to the attack and the survivors' struggles with aftermath over the next decade. Chapters alternate between the two stories.
 Detour is Michael Brodsky's first novel. It is the first person partly autobiographical account of an often bored film devotee going to Cleveland for medical school making observations on everything in his daily life either in a philosophical manner or by comparing any given incident with some classic film scene or both. Halfway through the narration is interrupted by Steve's story also told in first person.
 Heather Has Two Mommies is a children's book written by Lesléa Newman with Diana Souza's illustrations first published in 1989. Google Books describes it as the first lesbian-themed children's book ever published.The story is about a child Heather raised by lesbian women: her biological mother Jane who gave birth to her after artificial insemination and her biological mother's same-sex partner Kate.
 Kalki is a 1978 novel by American author Gore Vidal. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1978.
 Green Arrow: The Longbow Hunters is a three-issue prestige format comic book miniseries published in 1987 by DC Comics. Written and drawn by Mike Grell it stars the character Green Arrow.
 Fasting Feasting is a novel by Indian writer Anita Desai first published in 1999 in Great Britain by Chatto and Windus. It was shortlisted for the Booker Prize for fiction in 1999.
 The Stanford Review is a student-run newspaper that serves Stanford University in Stanford California. It was founded in 1987 by Peter Thiel and Norman Book. It is published and distributed without charge to the Stanford community every two weeks during the academic year.
 Kawanku is an Indonesian weekly magazine for teenage girls. It was first published in 1970 and focuses on fashion and celebrities and offers information about the latest entertainment and feature stories on current issues and events. The magazine is published by Kompas Gramedia.
 Neppu Kairiku Bushi Road (熱風海陸ブシロード Neppu Kairiku Bushirōdo) is a Japanese media franchise that was originally announced in 2003 as a collaboration between the companies Gainax Takara and Broccoli. After the death of story creator Sunao Yoshida and the departure of other staff members the project was put on hiatus but was eventually restarted by Bushiroad in March 2013 with Bushiroad's president Takaaki Kidani as executive producer.
 Just a Summer Romance is a novel written in 1987 by award winning author Ann M. Martin.
 Wisconsin Murders is a collection of true crime accounts written by author August Derleth. It was released in 1968 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 1958 copies. The stories detail sixteen cases of sudden death in Wisconsin for 1842 to 1926. Three of the accounts had appeared previously in American Weekly and Saint Mystery Magazine.
 Performink was a Chicago theatre industry newspaper. It included show openings and reviews audition listings and industry and union news for Chicago actors directors dancers designers and other theatre professionals.[citation needed] The owner/publishing-editor Carrie Kaufman took over the paper in 1992.[citation needed]
 Oru Theruvinte Katha (English: The Story of a Street) is a Malayalam novel written by S. K. Pottekkatt and published in 1960. It sketches a host of characters who spend their lives making a living in ‘The Street’.
 The Lady with the Dog (Russian: Дама с собачкой Dama s sobachkoy) is a short story by Anton Chekhov first published in 1899. It tells the story of an adulterous affair between a Russian banker and a young lady he meets while vacationing in Yalta.
 The International Catalogue of Scientific Papers was a bibliographic index of scientific literature that was published from 1901-1915 producing a total of 250 volumes.
 Reading in the Dark is a novel written by Seamus Deane in 1996. The novel is set in Derry Northern Ireland and extends from February 1945 through July 1971. The book won the 1996 Guardian Fiction Prize and the 1996 South Bank Show Annual Award for Literature is a New York Times Notable Book won the Irish Times International Fiction Prize and the Irish Literature Prize in 1997 besides being shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1996. It has been translated into 20 languages.
 The Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association and American Statistical Association. It covers statistical methods and applied statistics in the educational and behavioral sciences. The journal was established in 1976 as the Journal of Educational Statistics and obtained its current name in 1994.
 The Scene Magazine (ISSN/ISBN 1929-9958) is a Canadian digital magazine with focus on local music arts and entertainment. The magazine started out in St. John's Newfoundland in 2011 as The St. John's Scene. In late 2011 the magazine expanded with a second edition in Charlottetown (PEI) as PEI Scene and in early 2012 added a Halifax edition as Halifax Scene. In July 2012 the local magazines were merged to form The Scene Magazine.
 Here Be Monsters is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Mornings in Jenin (2010 U.S.; originally published as The Scar of David 2006 United States and Les Matins de Jenin France) is a novel by author Susan Abulhawa.
 Red Seas Under Red Skies is the second novel (of a projected seven) in Scott Lynch's Gentleman Bastard series.
 Ute av verden (direct translation: Out of the World) is the 1998 début novel by Norwegian writer Karl Ove Knausgård. Knausgård was awarded the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature for the book. This was the first time in the award's history that a debutant had won.
 Prototypes: The History of the IMSA GTP Series (original working title: Prototypes: Men and Machines on the Edge) is an award winning non-fiction book published in 2000 and written by motorsport journalists J.A. Martin and Ken Wells.
 Shatter is a digital comic created by Peter B. Gillis and Mike Saenz and published by First Comics. A dystopian science fiction fantasy somewhat in the mold of Blade Runner Shatter was written by Gillis and illustrated on the computer by Saenz. Shatter was the first commercially published all-digital comic i.e.
 The Circus of Dr. Lao and Other Improbable Stories was an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Ray Bradbury and published in 1956. Many of the stories had originally appeared in various magazines including The New Yorker Charm Graham’s Lady’s and Gentleman’s Magazine Harper's and Unknown.
 Angel at the Fence: The True Story of a Love That Survived written by Herman Rosenblat was claimed by its author to be a Holocaust memoir telling the story of his reunion with and marriage to a girl who had passed him food through the fence while he was imprisoned at Schlieben part of the Buchenwald concentration camp.
 J. R. R. Tolkien: A Biography written by Humphrey Carpenter was first published in 1977. It is called the authorized biography of J. R. R. Tolkien creator of The Lord of the Rings and many other works.[1] It was first published in London by George Allen & Unwin then published in the United States by Houghton Mifflin Company. It has been reprinted many times since.
 Poetics of Cinema 2 (2007) is the second of two volumes of film theory by Chilean filmmaker Raúl Ruiz.
 The Complete Stories of J. G. Ballard is a short-story collection by J. G. Ballard published in 2009 by W. W. Norton & Company.
 Scribblings is a 1972 collection of writings by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp to celebrate his appearance as Guest of Honor at Boskone IX a convention sponsored by the New England Science Fiction Association. The Association served as publisher.The book contains short works of fiction poetry non-fiction and aphorisms. Among the stories are the complete set of de Camp's four short Drinkwhiskey Institute series of tall tales.
 Slinky Malinki first published in 1991 is one of a well-known series of books by New Zealand author Lynley Dodd. It features the adventures of the stalking and lurking adventurous cat Slinky Malinki who is a common cat during the day but becomes a thief as night falls.The book is written for pre-school children with rhythmic rhyming text. It has become a best-selling bedtime story book in New Zealand.
 Panic: The Story of Modern Financial Insanity is a non-fiction book by Michael Lewis about the most important and severe upheavals in past financial history. The book was published on November 2 2009 by W. W. Norton & Company. The text Lewis writes is an effort to recreate the more recent financial panics in an attempt to show how financial markets now operate.
 The California Law Review is a law journal published by the University of California Berkeley School of Law. It was established in 1912. The application process consists of an anonymous write-on competition with grades playing no role in the consideration of membership. A personal statement is also considered.Past editors have included justices Roger J.
 Evolution's Darling is a science fiction novel by Scott Westerfeld.Darling is an artificial intelligence in search of an artist.
 Ayako (奇子) is the name of a manga trilogy by Osamu Tezuka. It was serialized in Big Comic a manga magazine published by Shogakukan. It is licensed in North America by Vertical. It is also licensed in France by Delcourt/Akata and in Italy by Hazard Edizioni.The story is about a post-World War II Japanese family the Tenge who have to cope with economic and family tensions while the country is under reconstruction led by General Douglas MacArthur.
 Newjack: Guarding Sing Sing is a non-fiction book by Ted Conover published in 2000. In the book Conover a journalist and university professor recounts his experience of learning about the New York State correctional system by becoming a correctional officer for nearly a year. The author went to such lengths after being repeatedly denied cooperation by the New York State Department of Correctional Services. In the book he divulges the inner-workings of the system.
 Dagens Industri (often referred to as DI) is a financial newspaper in tabloid format and the most profitable daily newspaper in Sweden. It was founded in 1976 with two issues per week. In 1983 it increased its periodicity to five issues per week and in 1990 to six. It has since started affiliate newspapers in Austria Estonia Latvia Lithuania Poland Russia Scotland and Slovenia. Dagens Industri is owned by the Swedish family-owned media group Bonnier AB.
 The Night Side is an anthology of Fantasy and Horror stories edited by August Derleth and illustrated by Lee Brown Coye. It was first published by Rinehart & Company in 1946.
 Venus in Fur is a two-person play by David Ives set in modern New York City. The play had its premiere off-Broadway at the Classic Stage Company in 2010 and on Broadway in 2011.
 The Cosmic Serpent: DNA and the Origins of Knowledge is a 1998 non-fiction book by Jeremy Narby. Narby performed two years of field work in the Pichis Valley of the Peruvian Amazon researching the ecology of the Asháninka an indigenous peoples in Peru.Investigating the connections between shamanism and molecular biology Narby hypothesizes that shamans may be able to access information at the molecular level through the ingestion of entheogens specifically ayahuasca.
 Indianapolis Woman Magazine is a monthly magazine published in Indianapolis which covers issues of interest to women.
 The Rogues Gallery is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Loose Tails is the first collection of the comic strip series Bloom County by Berkeley Breathed. It was published by Little Brown and Company in 1983. At least two different editions exist; the contents and front cover art are identical but later editions swapped out the serious author biography on the back cover for a parody one.It is followed by Toons For Our Times.
 Anastasia Has the Answers (1986) is a young-adult novel Lois Lowry. It is the sixth of a series of books that Lowry wrote about Anastasia and her younger bother Sam.
 The Thirteenth Pearl is the fifty-sixth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1979 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams. Although other volumes follow this one The Thirteenth Pearl is the end of the original 56-book series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Hawk of May is the first installment in Gillian Bradshaw’s Down The Long Wind trilogy. Published initially in 1980 by Simon and Schuster Hawk of May centers around Gwalchmai ap Lot and his adventures during the time of Arthur.
 The Book of Renfield: A Gospel of Dracula is a 2005 novel written by Tim Lucas and the first of the mash-up horror-themed novels that rose to commercial prominence later in the decade. It is an unofficial prequel to Bram Stoker's Dracula. Like the original novel Renfield is an epistolary novel written in series of written documents. It focuses mainly on Renfield mostly remembered as a minor character in Dracula as a lunatic that ate flies rodents and other animals and Dr.
 Drug of Choice is a novel written by Michael Crichton under the pseudonym John Lange. It was originally published in 1970. Hard Case Crime will republish the novel under Crichton's name on November 19 2013.
 A Late Encounter with the Enemy is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was written in 1953 and published in 1955 in her short story collection A Good Man Is Hard to Find and is her only story dealing with the American Civil War. A devout Roman Catholic O'Connor often used religious themes in her work.
 The Secret Diaries of Abigail Titmuss is the memoirs of British celebrity and model Abi Titmuss. It was released on July 24 2008 by Headline Review.It is written in the form of a diary and is a day-to-day summary of her life for the past six years. It includes an indepth look into the trial of Titmuss' then boyfriend John Leslie at the time when he had been accused of rape her rise to fame and how she dealt with the tabloids invading her life.
 The Bat (Norwegian: Flaggermusmannen 1997) is a crime novel by Norwegian writer Jo Nesbø the first in the Harry Hole series.
 Perspectives in Biology and Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1957. It publishes essays that explore biology and medicine in relation to their place in society. Authors write informally presenting their perspectives as the title suggests. Topics covered are sometimes explicitly scientific but might also extend into areas of philosophy history pedagogy and medical practice. The journal is published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 The Rain Before It Falls is a lyrical novel written by British author Jonathan Coe. It describes the history of three generations of women directly or indirectly affected by events in post-war London and rural Shropshire. The novel contrasts with Coe's previous works in that it is almost apolitical examining both the welcome and the undesirable legacies parents leave their children.The title comes from a tune by jazz composer Michael Gibbs.
 The Wages of Destruction is an award-winning non-fiction book detailing the economic history of Nazi Germany. Written by Adam Tooze it was first published by Allen Lane in 2006.The Wages of Destruction won the Wolfson History Prize and the 2007 Longman/History Today Book of the Year Prize.
 Thy Hand Great Anarch! is a 1987 autobiographical sequel to Indian essayist Nirad C. Chaudhuri's The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian. Its title was inspired from the concluding couplet of Alexander Pope's The Dunciad which runs thus:Written when he was in his 80's this book provides a perspective to the Indian political scene from the 20's to India's independence.
 For the novel of the same name by William Faulkner see The Town (Faulkner).For the film of the same name see The Town (2010 film).The Town is a novel written by Conrad Richter in 1950. It is the third installment of his trilogy The Awakening Land. The Trees (1940) and The Fields (1946) were the earlier installments in the series. The Town was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1951.In September 1966 Alfred A. Knopf reissued the trilogy as a single hardcover volume.
 Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (English: Papers from the Mathematical Seminar of the University of Hamburg) is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It was established in 1922 and publishes articles on pure mathematics. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2009 MCQ was 0.29 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.391.
 The Star was a daily newspaper published in Christchurch New Zealand from 1868 to 1991. It became the Christchurch Star-Sun in June 1935 after merging with a rival newspaper and at the time it ceased publication as a daily newspaper in 1991 it was known as The Christchurch Star. It is now a free newspaper published several times a week.
 The Paris Wife is a 2012 novel by Paula McLain which became a New York Times Bestseller. The Paris wife is a fictionalized account of Ernest Hemingway's marriage to Hadley Richardson the first of his four wives. McLain decided to write from Hadley's perspective after reading A Moveable Feast' Hemingway's account of his early years in Paris. McLain researched their biographies letters and Hemingway's novels. The Sun Also Rises is dedicated to Hadley and their son.
 The Gospel According to the Son is a 1997 novel by Norman Mailer. It purports to be the story of Jesus Christ told autobiographically.
 The First Stone: Some questions about sex and power by Helen Garner is a controversial non-fiction book about a 1992 sexual harassment scandal at Ormond College one of the residential colleges of the University of Melbourne.
 1776 (released in the United Kingdom as 1776: America and Britain At War) is a book written by David McCullough first published by Simon & Schuster on May 24 2005. The work is considered a companion piece to McCullough's earlier biography of John Adams and focuses on the events surrounding the start of the American Revolution.
 Colonization: Aftershocks is an alternate history and science fiction novel by Harry Turtledove. It is the third and final novel of the Colonization series as well as the seventh installment in the extended Worldwar series.
 El Nuevo Cojo Ilustrado is an American online Spanish language magazine published from Los Angeles California. It was founded in 2003 as a free alternative webzine published monthly from Harlem New York. Originally it was an arts and opinion magazine focused exclusively on Venezuelan culture for Venezuelans living in the United States. It also sought to be a window to the US press for Spanish speaking only immigrants by translating English articles from mainstream newspapers.
 Midnight is a children's novel by English author Jacqueline Wilson. It tells the story of a girl called Violet and her brother Will who it turns out is adopted.
 Master of Heavenly Beauty (Slovene: Mojster nebeške lepote) is a novel by Slovenian author Ivan Sivec. It was first published in 2001.
 The Costello Memoirs is a collection of writings by Australian politician and long-standing treasurer Peter Costello and co-authored by former politician and Costello's father-in-law Peter Coleman.
 Dragon Prince is a fantasy novel written by author Melanie Rawn. It is the first book of the Dragon Prince trilogy.
 They Burn the Thistles - Ince Memed II (Turkish: İnce Memed -means; Memed the Thin-) is a 1969 novel by Yaşar Kemal. It was Kemal's second novel in his İnce Memed tetralogy. The first Ince Memed novel won the Varlik prize for that year (Turkey's highest literary prize) and earned Kemal a national reputation. In 1961 the book was translated into English by Edouard Roditi thus gaining Kemal his first exposure to English-speaking readers.
 The Brave Bulls (aka Toros Bravos and The Brave Bulls A Novel) is a 1949 Western novel written by Tom Lea (his first) about the raising of bulls on the ranch Las Astas for bullfighting in Mexico. Las Astas is based on the real La Punta a 15000 hectare (about 37000 acre) ranch in eastern Jalisco near Lagos de Moreno at one time the largest fighting-bull ranch in the world.Lea also an artist and muralist did illustrations throughout the book and on the end papers and dust jacket.
 The Last Defender of Camelot is a fantasy short story by Roger Zelazny. It was first published in the Summer 1979 issue of Asimov's SF Adventure Magazine. It was subsequently published as a chapbook by Underwood/Miller for the May 23 1980 V-Con 8 where Zelazny was guest of honor. The story was also the basis of an 1986 episode of the television series The Twilight Zone.
 Relentless is Simon Kernick's fifth thriller and crime novel originally published in June 2006. Its sales were helped by the book being one of Richard & Judy's Summer Book Club recommendations in 2007. It was the 8th best-selling paperback and the best-selling thriller in the UK in the same year. It has sold over 300000 copies and was the 4th most borrowed book from UK libraries in 2008.
 Studia Humaniora Tartuensia is an open access peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2000 and available online as an electronic journal. Its purpose is to publish scholarly papers and notes embodying original research in classical studies ancient history Neo-Latin studies classical tradition and history of philosophy. It publishes papers in English German French and Latin. The journal also publishes book reviews and notices.
 The Third Reich (El Tercer Reich in Spanish) is a novel by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño written in 1989. It was discovered among his papers following his death and published in Spanish in 2010. An English translation by Natasha Wimmer was published in November 2011.
 Angel Time is a novel by American author Anne Rice released on 27 October 2009. The book is the first in Rice's Songs of the Seraphim series which tells the story of Toby O'Dare an assassin with a tragic past. The author's inspiration for the book and the primary setting for the beginning of the story is the Mission Inn in Riverside California a large historic Mission Revival style hotel. The book debuted on the November 15 2009 New York Times Bestseller list at #13.
 Journal of Plastic Film and Sheeting is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Materials Science. The journal's editor are John R. Wagner Jr. (Crescent Associates Inc.) and James P. Harrington. It has been in publication since 1985 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Saamana (Marathi: सामना) is a Marathi-language newspaper owned by the Shiv Sena a political party in Maharashtra India. The paper was launched on 23 January 1988 by Bal Thackeray. A Hindi version of the paper Dopahar Ka Saamana was launched on 23 February 1993.Until the death of Bal Thackeray on 17 November 2012 both the newspapers were edited by him. To honour him his son Uddhav has named him as the founder-editor.
 New Writings in SF 26 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the fifth volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in August 1975 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi in 1976.
 The Seekers is a non-fiction work of cultural history by Daniel Boorstin published in 1998 (hardback - 1999 paperback) and is the third and final volume in the knowledge trilogy.
 NIE (Polish for No) is a Polish weekly magazine published in Warsaw since 1990. Its political line is left. The magazine is very critical of right wing political vies and religion especially Catholicism. It publishes lot of satirical texts containing very vulgar vocabulary.[citation needed] The editor-in-chief and owner of NIE is Jerzy Urban.
 Rogues is a cross-genre anthology featuring 22 original short stories from various authors in the science fiction/fantasy field edited by George R. R. Martin and Gardner Dozois and to be released on June 17 2014.Martin's recommendation: This one was an enormous amount of fun. We’re got something for everyone in Rogues … SF mystery historical fiction epic fantasy sword and sorcery comedy tragedy crime stories mainstream.
 Gems & Gemology is a quarterly scientific journal published by the Gemological Institute of America. Each issue is devoted to research on diamonds gemstones and pearls. Topics include geographic sources imitations and synthetics treatments and identification techniques. Established in January 1934 Gems & Gemology is geared toward jewelry professionals and gemologists. Issues contain research articles updates from the GIA Laboratory and international gemology news.
 The Very Bad Book is a 2010 book of short stories for children written by Andy Griffiths and illustrated by Terry Denton. The Very Bad Book is the sequel to The Bad Book that Griffiths and Denton published in 2004. Griffiths has announced plans to release a third title in the series The Super Bad Book in 2011.
 Vinland Saga (ヴィンランド･サガ Vinrando Saga) is a Japanese historical manga series written and drawn by award-winning manga author Makoto Yukimura. The series is published by Kodansha and was first serialized in the youth-targeted Weekly Shōnen Magazine before moving to the monthly manga magazine Afternoon aimed at younger adult men. As of March 2013 the series has been compiled into twelve bound volumes.
 Linn's Stamp News an American publication is the largest[citation needed] weekly newspaper for stamp collectors with a paid circulation of just over 46000 (as of 2005) Circulation peaked at almost 92000 in 1978 and has declined ever since because fewer new collectors are subscribing to replace those who subscribed in the 1950s to 1970s period. It is published by Amos Press who also publish the Scott stamp catalogs.
 Scout is a comic book series starting in 1985 by American writer artist and musician Timothy Truman. It was published by Eclipse Comics.The story stars a Native American Apache named Emanuel Santana. The setting of the series was a chaotic United States.
 Deadly Perfume is a 1991 thriller novel written by Gordon Thomas. It follows Lieutenant Colonel David Morton a Mossad agent trying to prevent the international terrorist Raza from releasing a highly lethal form of Anthrax.
 Seesaw is a 1996 novel by English author Deborah Moggach first published in 1996 by Heinemann and recommended in OUP's Good Fiction Guide.
 Finn and Hengest is a study by J. R. R. Tolkien edited by Alan Bliss and published posthumously in book form in 1982.Finn and Hengest are two Anglo-Saxon heroes appearing in the Old English epic poem Beowulf and in the fragment of The Fight at Finnsburg. Hengest has sometimes been identified with the Jutish king of Kent.
 The Unfunnies is a four-issue horror comic book mini-series created by Mark Millar and Anthony Williams and published by Avatar Press.The comic uses cartoon characters drawn in a simple style similar to Hanna-Barbera and photographs to tell the story of a comic world gone wrong. The plot intertwines several storylines that eventually meet in the end.
 Conquest of Mind is a book that describes practices and strategies for leading the spiritual life. Written by Eknath Easwaran the strategies are intended to be usable within any major religious tradition or outside of all traditions. The book was originally published in the United States in 1988. Multiple revised English-language editions have been published and translations have also appeared in several other European and Asian languages.
 Monthly Sunday Gene-X (月刊サンデーGENE-X Gekkan Sandē Jenekkusu) often abbreviated as Sunday GX (サンデーGX) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Shogakukan. Like many other manga magazines it's an anthology magazine with each issue featuring new chapters of several manga series. The series are also published in book form as Sunday GX Comics.
 Spyman is a fictional character a short-lived comic book superhero published by Harvey Comics' Harvey Thriller imprint in the mid-1960s. He starred in three issues of his own comic cover-dated September 1966 to February 1967.Spyman #1 contained the first professional comic book works by Jim Steranko. Steranko created the concept and plotted the first story. However he did not supply any artwork except the first page splash which includes a diagram of his robot hand.
 Walk This Way: The Autobiography of Aerosmith (ISBN 0-380-97594-7) is a book written by Stephen Davis published by HarperCollins and released in October 1997. The book was co-written with the members of Aerosmith themselves. This biography contains the story of the band's life legends women drugs and partying that nearly killed the Toxic Twins and split the band. The book ends with the release of the Nine Lives album.
 Love and Money by Dennis Kelly played at the Royal Exchange Manchester before it transferred to the Young Vic in 2006 directed by Matthew Dunster and opened the New Studio at the Young Vic.An examination of how love is destroyed by materialism told backwards from a man describing the murder of his wife to escape debt until the play ends with his wife's excitement following his proposal.
 The Diamondback is the award-winning independent student newspaper of the University of Maryland College Park. It was founded in 1910 as The Triangle and renamed in 1921 in honor of a local reptile the Diamondback terrapin (the terrapin became the official school mascot in 1933). The current editor in chief is Michael King.
 Mastering the Universe: He-Man and the Rise and Fall of a Billion-Dollar Idea is a 2005 book by Roger Sweet and David Wecker that recounts Sweet's work behind the scenes of the corporate culture of the 1980s American toy industry.
 The Summer Birds is a children's novel by British writer Penelope Farmer published in 1962 by Chatto & Windus and receiving a Carnegie Medal commendation.It is the first of three books featuring the Makepeace sisters Charlotte and Emma These three books are sometimes known as the Aviary Hall books.[1]
 The New York Observer is a weekly newspaper first published in New York City on September 22 1987 by Arthur L. Carter a former investment banker with publishing interests. The Observer focuses on the city's culture real estate media politics and the entertainment and publishing industries.
 Linguistics: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the Language Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal of general linguistics published by De Gruyter Mouton. The journal publishes both articles and book reviews. It also occasionally publishes special issues. The Editor-in-Chief is Johan van der Auwera. Since 2010 it has published 1400 pages per year.
 The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil Money and Power is Daniel Yergin's history of the global oil industry from the 1850s through 1990. The Prize became a bestseller owing to its release date: it was published in October 1990 two months after the invasion of Kuwait ordered by Saddam Hussein and three months before the U.S.-led coalition began the Gulf War to oust Iraqi troops from that country.
 Eden News is a bi-weekly newspaper based in Eden North Carolina. The newspaper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway. Formally known as Eden Daily News.
 Udmurt Dunne (Udmurt: Удмурт дунне The Udmurt World) is the main Udmurt language newspaper.It is printed 4 times a week and is the successor of the Soviet-era Sovetskoi Udmurtia (Udmurt: Советской Удмуртия) which received the Order of the Badge of Honour in 1968.
 Trabajadores (originally called Los Trabajadores translated in English as '[the] workers') is a Cuban newspaper founded in June 1970 by Osvaldo de Melo and Sara del Carmen Zaldívar which is the organ of the Central de Trabajadores de Cuba (CTC). It is published in Spanish with an on-line English edition. It was created to inform and guide workers and people in general about union life and other issues of universal interest.
 The Naked and the Dead is a 1948 novel by Norman Mailer. It was based on his experiences with the 112th Cavalry Regiment during the Philippines Campaign in World War II. It was later adapted into a film of the same name in 1958.In 1998 the Modern Library ranked The Naked and the Dead 51st on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
 The Lover is a 1962 one-act play by Harold Pinter. Pinter leads the audience to believe that there are three characters in the play: the wife the husband and the lover. But the lover who comes to call in the afternoons is revealed to be the husband adopting a role. He plays the lover for her: she plays the whore for him.
 Comptes rendus de l'Académie des Sciences (English: Proceedings of the Academy of Sciences) or simply Comptes rendus is a French scientific journal which has been published since 1666. It is the proceedings of the French Academy of Sciences. It is currently split into seven sections published on behalf of the Academy by Elsevier: Mathématique Mécanique Physique Geoscience Palevol Chimie and Biologies.
 Rural Rides is the book for which the English journalist agriculturist and political reformer William Cobbett is best known.At the time of writing in the early 1820s Cobbett was a radical anti-Corn Law campaigner newly returned to England from a spell of self-imposed political exile in the United States.Cobbett disapproved of proposals for remedies for agricultural distress suggested in Parliament in 1821.
 Ghost of Chance is a novella by William S. Burroughs.
 Please Pass the Guilt is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1973.
 Texas Fists is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in May 1931 issue of Fight Stories.The story is now in the public domain.
 A Culture of Conspiracy: Apocalyptic Visions in Contemporary America is a 2003 non-fiction book written by Michael Barkun professor emeritus of political science at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs.Its publisher the University of California Press and scholarly critics describe the book as the most comprehensive and authoritative examination of contemporary American conspiracism to date by a leading expert on the subject.
 Plain Truth is a novel written by Jodi Picoult about a murder on an Amish farm first published in 2001.
 The Bristol Post is a newspaper covering news in the city of Bristol including stories from the whole of Greater Bristol Northern Somerset and South Gloucestershire.
 MARCA is a Spanish national daily sport newspaper owned by Unidad Editorial. The newspaper focuses primarily on football in particular the day-to-day activities of Real Madrid. It has a daily readership of over 2500000 the highest in Spain for a daily newspaper and more than half of sports readership.Since February 2001 there has also been an associated 24-hour/day sports radio station Radio Marca. In 2010 appeared the TV channel MARCA TV.
 The International Marketing Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Emerald Group Publishing. It was estaublished in 1983. The editors-in-chief are Jeryl Whitelock (University of Bradford) and John Cadogan (University of Loughborough). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 1.164.The journal is ranked an 'A' in Europe and an 'A' or 'B' in the rest of the world.
 Poseidonis is a collection of fantasy short stories by Clark Ashton Smith edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fifty-ninth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in July 1973. It was the fourth themed collection of Smith's works assembled by Carter for the series. The stories were originally published in various fantasy magazines in the 1930s and 1940s notably Weird Tales.
 Stargazer is the fifth book in the 'Land of Elyon' series by Patrick Carman taking place shortly after book 4 Into the Mist
 Last Waltz in Vienna by George Clare (21 December 1920 - 26 March 2009) was the 1982 winner of The WH Smith Literary Award. The book subtitled The Destruction of a Family 1842-1942 tells the history and fate of the Klaar family who were proudly Austrian and also happened to be Jewish.The family left Austria following the Anschluss.
 Sound RIDER! began as a monthly online magazine about motorcycling in the Pacific Northwest. It was founded by publisher Tom Mehren in 1999. The magazine features editorial about people places and events associated with motorcycling in the Northwest region. In addition it features used motorcycle listings and a number of databases specific to dealers services and clubs in the area.
 7×7 Tales of a Sevensleeper (German: Siebenschläfergeschichten) is a 1985 children's book written by Hanna Johansen.
 If You Liked School You'll Love Work is a collection of short stories from novelist Irvine Welsh. It was released in the UK on 5 July 2007 and in the U.S. on 4 September 2007.
 Biko is a biography about Black Consciousness Movement leader and anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko. It was written by the liberal white South African journalist Donald Woods a personal friend of Biko. Donald Woods was forced into exile for attempting to expose the truth surrounding Biko’s death. It was the inspiration for the 1987 film Cry Freedom.
 Shin Megami Tensei: if... (Japanese: 真・女神転生if... Hepburn: Shin Megami Tensei ifu) is a Japanese role-playing video game that was released for the Super Famicom in 1994. It is a side story to the Shin Megami Tensei series rather than a direct sequel and is part of the larger Megami Tensei series.The game was remade for the PlayStation and featured updated graphics and a DVD with an interview from the creators. There was also a cellphone game Shin Megami Tensei: if...
 Gringo (グリンゴ Guringo) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1987 in the Shogakukan manga magazine Big Comic.
 The QS World University Rankings are annual university rankings published by Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) which provides overall rankings as well as rankings for individual subjects.
 The Apprentice is a novel by Lewis Libby former Chief of Staff to U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney first published in hardback in 1996 reprinted in trade paperback in 2002 and reissued in mass market paperback in 2005 after Libby's indictment in the CIA leak grand jury investigation. It is set in northern Japan in winter 1903 and centers on a group of travelers stranded at a remote inn due to a smallpox epidemic. It has been described as a thriller ...
 The Cornwall Seaway News often known simply as the Seaway News is a Cornwall Ontario based free community newspaper distributed by Transcontinental Media. Its news is updated daily at www.cornwallseawaynews.com and it is published weekly and is distributed both in the city and in surrounding villages and towns throughout the Stormont Dundas and Glengarry United Counties.
 Obsession is a mystery novel by American author Jonathan Kellerman. It is the 21st novel in the Alex Delaware series.
 Clinical Toxicology (until 2005 Journal of Toxicology: Clinical Toxicology) is a peer-reviewed medical journal of clinical toxicology. It is published by Informa and is the official journal of the American Academy of Clinical Toxicology the European Association of Poisons Centres and Clinical Toxicologists and the American Association of Poison Control Centers. The editor-in-chief is E. Martin Caravati (University of Utah).
 The Purloined Letter is a short story by American author Edgar Allan Poe. It is the third of his three detective stories featuring the fictional C. Auguste Dupin the other two being The Murders in the Rue Morgue and The Mystery of Marie Rogêt. These stories are considered to be important early forerunners of the modern detective story. It first appeared in the literary annual The Gift for 1845 (1844) and was soon reprinted in numerous journals and newspapers.
 East is East is a 1990 novel by American author T. Coraghessan Boyle.
 36 Children is a 1967 guide to teaching in impoverished schools based on the personal experiences of the debut author Herbert Kohl. The book includes a chapter titled Journey through Space and Time written and illustrated by Robert George Jackson III one of his students age eleven. Other material written and illustrated by Jackson and other students is included in the book.
 Nightmare Need is a collection of poems by Joseph Payne Brennan. It was released in 1964 by Arkham House in an edition of 500 copies. The book was printed and published in England by Villiers Publications Ltd for Arkham House and lacks the distinctive gold printing on black binding of most Arkham House publications.
 Tokyo Crazy Paradise (東京クレイジーパラダイス Tōkyō Kureijī Paradaisu) is a shōjo manga series by Yoshiki Nakamura. It takes place in Tokyo Japan in the year 2020 revolving around the lives of fourteen year-old Tsukasa Kozuki as she acts as bodyguard for her classmate Ryuji Shirogami who is the third generation boss of the yakuza group Kuryugumi. Though primarily centering around the romance between Tsukasa and Ryuji it has a strong amount of action and comedy.
 Marx and Modern Economics is a 1968 book about Karl Marx edited by David Horowitz. It contains essays examining the contemporary relevance of Marx's more abstract economic theories.
 Japan Railfan Magazine (鉄道ファン Tetsudō Fan) is a Japanese-language monthly magazine for railfans covering the mainly Japanese railways published by Koyusha. It has been published in Japan since 1961. Issues go on sale on the 21st of each month two months before the cover month (e.g. the March issue is on sale on the 21st of January). Each copy sells for between ¥1100 and ¥1200 depending on the number of pages.
 Crimes of the Heart is a play by Beth Henley.
 Email to the Universe And Other Alterations of Consciousness is a 2005 collection of essays and short works by Robert Anton Wilson self-described as a collection of “polemics poems neurolinguistic experiments and assorted meanderings”.
 The Philosophical Corps is science fiction novel by author Everett B. Cole. It was published in 1962 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies. The novel is a fix-up of stories that originally appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 Master Alvin is a yet-to-be-published alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card. It is the seventh and final book in Card's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller the seventh son of a seventh son.
 Ash-Shabibah (Arabic: الشبيبة‎ 'The Youth') was a communist daily newspaper published from Mosul Iraq. Ash-Shabibah was closed down by the authorities in October 1960 as part of a government clamp-down on the communist press. As of December 1960 there were reports that the editor of ash-Shabibah Lt. Colonel Ahmad al-Hajj Ayyub was facing trial for having defended (in an article in ash-Shabibah) the persons convicted by a military court for the Kirkuk events.
 Dimsie Moves Up is the second of the Dimsie books by author Dorita Fairlie Bruce. First published in 1921 the book was illustrated by Wal Paget. The protagonist Dimsie is now a year older and had moved up one grade at the Jane Willard Foundation.
 Beyond the Chocolate War (1985) is the sequel to the award-winning book The Chocolate War by Robert Cormier. The sequel received an Honor List citation from the Horn Book Magazine in 1986.
 The AORN Journal is a peer-reviewed nursing journal in the field of perioperative nursing and is the official journal of the Association of periOperative Registered Nurses (AORN).
 A Cage of Eagles is a 1989 thriller by James Follet taking place at 1941 in the POW Camp at Grizedale Hall at England's Lake District where some of the most capable of the German officers captured by Britain were kept (and constantly plotted escape).
 The Merchant of Death is the first book in the Pendragon series by D. J. MacHale.
 Alice is a 2009 short story collection by the German writer Judith Hermann. It was shortlisted for the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize.
 The Diamond of Drury Lane is a children's historical novel by Julia Golding which won the Nestle Children's Book Prize Gold Award in 2006. The book is set on 1 January 1790.
 Sundarikalum Sundaranmarum (The Beautiful and the Handsome) is a 1958 Malayalam novel written by Uroob (P. C. Kuttikrishnan). Sundarikalum Sundaranmarum along with Ummachu are considered the best works by Uroob and are ranked among the finest novels in Malayalam.
 PLOS Genetics is a peer-reviewed open-access journal that reflects the interdisciplinary nature of genetics and genomics research by publishing contributions in all areas of biology. The journal is indexed in PubMed Central PubMed and ISI Web of Knowledge and was originally created by Wayne Frankel.
 Uti vår hage (English: Out in our pasture named after a Swedish folk song) is a Swedish comic strip created by Krister Petersson. It originally appeared in Svenska Serier in 1981. It then began a long run in 91:an (1983 - December 2001). On 5 December 2002 Uti vår hage became a bi-monthly comic published by Egmont. It also ran briefly as a daily strip in Dagens Nyheter.
 Tower of Babylon is a science fiction novelette published in 1990 by Ted Chiang. It won the 1991 Nebula Award for Best Novelette and was nominated for the 1991 Hugo Award for Best Novelette. The story deals with what the world would have been like if the universe really matched the geocentric model of the old Babylonian cosmology where the earth is in the centre of layers of celestial spheres.
 A Fable is a 1954 novel written by the American author William Faulkner.
 Life on the Mississippi (1883) is a memoir by Mark Twain of his days as a steamboat pilot on the Mississippi River before the American Civil War and also a travel book recounting his trip along the Mississippi from St. Louis to New Orleans many years after the War.The book begins with a brief history of the river as reported by Europeans and Americans beginning with the Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto in 1542.
 Faking It: The Quest for Authenticity in Popular Music is a book written in 2007 by Yuval Taylor and Hugh Barker. In this book the authors discuss the quest for authenticity in popular music and the influence that that quest has had in the type of music that is played and listened in particular a preference for raw simple underproduced music as opposed to sophisticated complex carefully produced music.
 Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology (AHA) was a seasonally printed collection of suspenseful and thrilling short stories reprinted from Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine. Produced from 1977 to 1989 the anthology contains stories from authors such as: Patricia Highsmith Robert Bloch Bill Pronzini Isaac Asimov and Lawrence Block. The anthology is marketed as everything you would expect from the Master of Suspense though Hitchcock never had any direct involvement with the publications.
 Jamestown News is a weekly newspaper based in Jamestown North Carolina covering Guilford County.
 Norms of Liberty: A Perfectionist Basis for Non-Perfectionist Politics is political philosophy book written by Douglas B. Rasmussen and Douglas J. Den Uyl.
 Tjerita Sie Po Giok atawa Peroentoengannja Satoe Anak Piatoe (better known by the short title Sie Po Giok) is a 1911 children's novel from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) written by Tio Ie Soei in vernacular Malay. It tells the story of Sie Po Giok a young orphan who faces several challenges while living with his uncle in Batavia (now Jakarta).
 The Sun (Burmese: သူရိယ သတင်းစာ; pronounced: [θùɹḭja̰ ðədɪ́ɴzà]) was a Burmese language newspaper published in Burma (Myanmar). Thuriya is a Burmanized form of Suriya sun in Pali. Burmese nationalists began publishing the newspaper on 4 July 1911 during which The Sun was published thrice a week. In March 1915 due to its rising popularity it became a daily and was published until 14 October 1954. Its headquarters were in Yangon.
 Saint Errant is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris first published in 1948 by The Crime Club in the United States and in 1949 by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom. This was the 28th book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint and the first Saint short story collection since 1939's The Happy Highwayman.
 Barmy in Wonderland is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 21 April 1952 by Herbert Jenkins London and in the United States on May 8 1952 by Doubleday & Company New York under the title Angel Cake.The central character is Cyril Barmy Fotheringay-Phipps (pronounced Funghy Fipps) who also appears in several of the Jeeves and Drones Club stories and novels.
 Love Ain't Nothing But Sex Misspelled is a collection of short stories by author Harlan Ellison. It was originally published in hardback in 1968. Ace Books issued an edition in 1983. The original hardback edition has 22 stories and the reprint has 16. (13 from the original list and 3 new ones). Ellison removed 9 stories from the reissue since they are available in other collections and he had grown sensitive to such overlap.
 Notion is a newsstand music magazine and fashion magazine published bi-monthly in the United Kingdom. The magazine is owned by Attic London.Contributors also write for other publications including The Guardian Drowned In Sound and The Huffington Post.The magazine has a front of book section featuring fashion news and short articles. The backend of the magazine includes new releases (both singles and albums) and live concert reviews.
 Star Dancer is the first novel in the Star Dancer Tetralogy written by the British author Beth Webb and published in 2006 by Macmillan Publishers.Star Dancer is a mixture of history and fantasy suitable for teenagers and adults based in the late Iron Age when the Romans were just beginning to invade Britain and change history forever.
 Mookajjiya Kanasugalu (English: Dreams of Mookajji) is a 1977 Kannada epic novel written by Dr.K. Shivaram Karanth.
 Conan the Marauder is a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in January 1988 and reprinted in 1992. The first British edition was published in paperback by Orbit Books in February 1991.
 Mitteilungen der Österreichischen Geographischen Gesellschaft (English: Transactions of the Austrian Geographical Society) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of geography regionally often focusing on Central and Eastern Europe and the former areas of Austria-Hungary.
 Zero History is a novel by William Gibson published in 2010. It concludes the informal trilogy begun by Pattern Recognition (2003) and continued by Spook Country (2007) and features the characters Hollis Henry and Milgrim from the latter novel as its protagonists.
 Fire in the Minds of Men: Origins of the Revolutionary Faith is a book about the spread of ideas written by James H. Billington the current Librarian of Congress.
 The Lemon Table is the second collection of short stories produced by Julian Barnes and has the general theme of old age. It was first published in 1994 by Jonathan Cape.
 The Conan Chronicles is a collection of fantasy novels written by Robert Jordan featuring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. The book was published in 1995 by Tor Books and collects three novels previously published by Tor.
 Greater Tuna is the first in a series of 4 comedic plays (followed by A Tuna Christmas Red White and Tuna and Tuna Does Vegas) each set in the fictional town of Tuna Texas the third-smallest town in the state. The series was written by Jaston Williams Joe Sears and Ed Howard. The plays are at once an affectionate comment on small-town Southern life and attitudes but also a withering satire of same.
 The Lawless Roads (1939) is a travel account by Graham Greene based on his 1938 trip to Mexico to see the effects of the government's campaign of forced anti-Catholic secularisation and how the inhabitants had reacted to the brutal anticlerical purges of President Plutarco Elías Calles. A Catholic and conservative man Greene travels to Mexico to find the remnants of Catholicism.
 Bayesian Analysis is an open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering theoretical and applied aspects of Bayesian methods. It is published by the International Society for Bayesian Analysis and is hosted at the Project Euclid web site.Bayesian Analysis is abstracted and indexed by Science Citation Index Expanded. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.650.
 The Electronic Journal of Knowledge Management (EJKM) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that contributes to the development of both theory and practice in the field of knowledge management and provides perspectives on topics relevant to the study implementation and management of knowledge management. It accepts academic papers topical articles and case studies dealing with the research in and practice of knowledge management.
 The Appeal is a 2008 novel by John Grisham his twentieth book and his first fictional legal thriller since The Broker was published in 2005. It was published by Doubleday and released in hardcover in the United States on January 29 2008. A paperback edition was released by Delta Publishing on November 18 2008.
 Hamlet's Mill (first published by Gambit Boston 1969) by Giorgio de Santillana (a professor of the history of science at MIT) and Hertha von Dechend (a scientist at Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Universität) is a nonfiction work of history and comparative mythology particularly the subfield of archaeoastronomy.
 Lara A Tale is a rhymed tragic narrative poem by Lord Byron; first published in 1814. The first work composed after Byron abandoned the idea of giving up writing and buying back his copyrights it is regarded by critics as a continuation of the autobiographical work begun in The Corsair.
 The Connexion is a monthly newspaper for the English-speaking expatriate community in France. It is edited in Nice in Alpes-Maritimes. It was founded in September 2002 and claims 7000 subscribers and a print run of 45000 a month.The Connexion reports news stories of events in France and advice for expatriates living there. It claims a readership mostly of ABC1 homeowners living in France.
 qPDX.com is a news and events website dedicated to covering the Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgendered communities of Portland Oregon. The site is in blog format and features event listings personal and classified ads photo archives movie reviews sports news entertainment and nightlife coverage gossip political and social commentary and gay rights coverage.
 Trunk Music is the fifth novel by American crime author Michael Connelly and the fifth featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus Harry Bosch.
 A Grain of Wheat is a novel by Kenyan novelist Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o. The novel weaves several stories together during the state of emergency in Kenya's struggle for independence (1952–1959) focusing on the quiet Mugo whose life is ruled by a dark secret. The plot revolves around his home village's preparations for Kenya's independence day celebration (Uhuru day).
 Mysterious Girlfriend X (謎の彼女X Nazo no Kanojo Ekkusu) is an ongoing Japanese manga written and illustrated by Riichi Ueshiba. It was originally published as a one-shot story in 2004 before becoming a serialized comic in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine in 2006. An anime adaptation by Hoods Entertainment aired in Japan from April 7 2012 to June 30 2012 with an original video animation episode released on August 23 2012.
 The Chilkat Valley News is a weekly newspaper serving the Chilkat Valley/Haines Borough area of Southeast Alaska. The paper principally serves the communities of Haines where it is published and Klukwan a Tlingit Indian village 23 miles west of Haines. The newspaper features local news and Duly Noted an about-town column penned by locals in the know.
 The Doll People is a children's novel written by Ann M. Martin and Laura Godwin. It is illustrated by Brian Selznick the author of The Invention of Hugo Cabret. It tells a story about the imaginary world of dolls when no one is watching. A doll made of china and her new best friend made of plastic try to find her aunt that long ago went on an adventure and never came back. Others in the series include The Meanest Doll in the World and The Runaway Dolls.
 The Akron News-Reporter is a weekly newspaper published in Akron Colorado by Prairie Mountain Publishing a subsidiary of MediaNews Group. It primarily serves the Town of Akron the Town of Otis and Washington County in the State of Colorado United States of America. The newspaper is published every Wednesday with a current circulation of about 2000.
 Sagan om Sune (Swedish: The tale of Sune ) is a novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1984 it tells the story of Sune Andersson during the year he spring term of the 1st grade at school in Sweden. Anders originally wrote the book when doing the military service while Sören illustrated. Originally the stories aired over SR Örebro.
 Conan the Warlord is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in March 1988 and was reprinted in April 1997.
 The One Tree is the second book of the second trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson. It is followed by White Gold Wielder.
 The Darkness Beckons (ISBN 0-939748-32-0) is the definitive book on the history of UK cave diving.It was written by Martyn Farr a major figure in UK diving at a time when many of the original participants were still alive and available for interview.
 Crying Freeman (クライング フリーマン Kuraingu Furīman) is a manga series written by Kazuo Koike and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. Crying Freeman follows an assassin a Japanese man hypnotized and trained by the Chinese mafia (called the 108 Dragons) to serve as its agent and covered in a vast and complex dragon tattoo.
 The Drogheda Leader is a regional newspaper published in Drogheda County Louth.The newspaper was established in 1995 with an initial circulation of 12000. It expanded rapidly into one of the North East of Ireland's largest newspapers with a circulation of 29000 newspapers weekly.
 The Fall of the House of Usher is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1839.
 Prisoner of Time (1998) is the third in a series of time-travel romances written by Caroline B. Cooney.
 The French Studies Bulletin: A Quarterly Supplement is published for the Society for French Studies by Oxford University Press.It is the sister publication to the journal French Studies and differs from it primarily in that the Bulletin is designed for shorter articles than French Studies. Articles of up to 1200 words on any aspect of French or francophone literature thought culture politics or film are accepted.
 The Federalist Paper known more recently as The Fed is a tabloid-sized (as opposed to broadsheet) newspaper published every three weeks at Columbia University in New York City. Founded in 1986 by Neil M. Gorsuch Andrew Levy and P.T. Waters the paper has undergone many changes in mission style form and success though it has experienced relatively few interruptions in production since the publication of its first issues.
 Big Sur is a 1962 novel by Jack Kerouac. It recounts the events surrounding Kerouac's (here known by the name of his fictional alter-ego Jack Duluoz) three brief sojourns to a cabin in Bixby Canyon Big Sur owned by Kerouac's friend and Beat poet Lawrence Ferlinghetti.
 The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief is a bestselling book by Francis Collins in which he advocates theistic evolution. Francis Collins is an American physician-geneticist noted for his landmark discoveries of disease genes and his leadership of the Human Genome Project (HGP). He currently serves as the Director of the US National Institutes of Health.
 La Cage aux Folles (French pronunciation: ​[la kaʒ o fɔl]) is a 1973 French farce by Jean Poiret centering on confusion that ensues when Laurent the son of a Saint Tropez night club owner and his gay lover brings his fiancée's ultraconservative parents for dinner. The original French production is premièred at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal on February 1 1973 and ran for almost 1800 performances. The principal roles were played by Jean Poiret and Michel Serrault.
 The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing Traitor to the Nation Volume II: The Kingdom on the Waves (2008) is a historical novel written for young adults by M. T. Anderson and published by Candlewick in 2008 and a sequel to Volume I: The Pox Party (2006). The American Library Association named it a Printz Honor Book one of four runners up for the annual Michael L. Printz Award recognizing literary excellence in books for young adults.
 A Demon in my View is a novel by British author Ruth Rendell. First published in 1976 it won the CWA Gold Dagger for Best Crime Novel of the Year gaining Rendell the first of six Dagger awards she received during her career more than any other writer.
 Double Fudge is a 2002 children's novel by Judy Blume and the fifth in the Fudge series. The Hatcher family goes to Washington D.C. where they spend time with their extended family and Fudge finds out that his cousin is also named Farley Drexel Hatcher. His interest in money is a common theme throughout the story.
 The International Journal of Modern Physics is a series of Physics journals published by World Scientific.
 Večernje novosti (Serbian Cyrillic: Вечерње новости; English: Evening News) is a Serbian daily tabloid newspaper. Founded in 1953 it quickly grew into a high-circulation daily. Novosti (as most people call it for short) also employs foreign correspondents spread around 23 national capitals around the globe.[citation needed]
 Ariadne is a web magazine which was published by UKOLN every three months until the cessation of JISC funding to that organisation in July 2013. It is currently on hiatus.It is aimed primarily at information professionals working in academia archives libraries and museums.
 The Hour of the Dragon also known as Conan the Conqueror is a fantasy novel by American writer Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian. It was one of the last Conan stories published before Howard's suicide although not the last to be written. The novel was first published in serial form in the December 1935 through April 1936 issues of the pulp magazine Weird Tales. The first book edition was published by Gnome Press in hardcover in 1950.
 Nerima Daikon Brothers (おろしたてミュージカル 練馬大根ブラザーズ Oroshitate Myūjikaru Nerima Daikon Burazāzu lit. Dress-up Musical Nerima Daikon Brothers) is a manga and 12 episode comedy anime series that follows the adventures of two brothers (and their cousin) Hideki Ichiro and Mako who form the band Nerima Daikon Brothers. The show uses a musical comedy format with the characters often breaking out in song to show their emotions or go through a montage scene.
 Ichi the Killer (殺し屋1 Koroshiya Ichi) is a seinen manga series written and illustrated by Hideo Yamamoto. The series revolves around Ichi a psychologically troubled killing machine and his confrontation with the yakuza of Shinjuku Kabuki-Cho. The manga was serialized in the Shogakukan magazine Weekly Young Sunday from 1998 to 2001 and has been collected into ten tankōbon volumes in Japan.In 2001 the manga was adapted into a live-action film directed by Takashi Miike.
 Billion-Dollar Brain (1966 ISBN 0-09-985710-3) is a Cold War spy novel by Len Deighton and the fourth protagonised by an anonymous secret agent working for the British WOOC(P) intelligence agency. It follows The IPCRESS File (1962) Horse Under Water (1963) and Funeral in Berlin (1964). As in most of the author's novels the plot of Billion-Dollar Brain is intricate with many dead ends.
 piauí is a Brazilian culture magazine created by the documentarian João Moreira Salles. It is edited by Editora Alvinegra and printed and distributed by Editora Abril. The first edition of piauí was launched in October 2006. Piauí is also the name of a Brazilian state in the northeastern part of the country.
 Wasteland is a novel written by Francesca Lia Block and published in 2003.The book is about the tragedy of love between family incest and the guilt anger and suicide of one of the siblings. It switches narratives and persons throughout the book bouncing between the siblings Marina and Lex Lex's journal and Marina's friend West.
 The Puget Sound Business Journal is a weekly American City Business Journals publication containing articles about business people issues and events in the greater Seattle Washington area. The publication also publishes a technology news website named TechFlash. In 2010 the newspaper was a finalist for a Pulitzer prize in explanatory reporting for a series of stories about the foreclosure crises and the federal shutdown of Washington Mutual which remains the biggest bank failure in U.S.
 Western Gunfighters is the name of two American Western-anthology comic book series published by Marvel Comics and its 1950s forerunner Atlas Comics.That initial Atlas series ran eight issues from 1956 to 1957 and featured artists including Gene Colan Reed Crandall Joe Maneely John Severin Alex Toth Al Williamson and Wally Wood with many stories written by Stan Lee.Volume two published by Marvel from 1970 to 1975 consisted mostly of Western reprints but also featured new material including stories of the masked Old West hero Ghost Rider and the introductions of such short-lived Western features as Gunhawk and Renegades by writers including Gary Friedrich and Superman co-creator Jerry Siegel and artists including Dick Ayers and Tom Sutton.
 Electra is a play by Rajiva Wijesinha. It was written in 1970 but a radio production in early 1971 was banned because of political sensitivity. The play was finally presented on radio by the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation in 1985 at which time a public reading was also held at the British Council in Colombo.
 The laRegioneTicino (English: The Ticino Region) is a Swiss Italian-language daily newspaper based in Bellinzona Ticino with regional divisions in Locarno Lugano and Chiasso. It was founded in 1992 from the merger of Il Dovere and L'Eco di Locarno. The newspaper's editor-in-chief is Giacomo Salvioni. It is red daily by 112'000 people.
 American Buffalo is a 1975 play by American playwright David Mamet which had its premiere in a showcase production at the Goodman Theatre Chicago. After two more showcase productions it opened on Broadway on February 16 1977. Critic Frank Rich called it one of the best American plays of the last decade.
 Schizophrenia Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the aetiology clinical diagnostics and treatment of schizophrenia. It is an official journal of the Schizophrenia International Research Society and was established in 1988. The editors-in-chief are Henry Nasrallah (University of Cincinnati) and Lynn DeLisi (Harvard Medical School).
 Skattejakten (in English The Treasure Hunt; this novel has not has been translated into English) is a Norwegian novel containing clues to a real-world treasure hunt. It is written by the author Margit Sandemo. The novel is only 124 pages long and is possibly the shortest book the author has written. Skattejakten has not been reprinted after it was first published in 1999.Below is an English translation of the Norwegian cover text:Oslo 1958. Mattis is a poor student from Lofoten.
 The Future of Us is a 2011 contemporary fiction novel written by Jay Asher and Carolyn Mackler. The novel was published on November 21 2011 by Razorbill a division of Penguins Young Readers Group.
 A concrete island is also a microclimate effect on some large cities such as Tokyo.Concrete Island is a 1974 English fiction novel by J. G. Ballard.
 Crossings: Electronic Journal of Art and Technology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Trinity College Dublin. It publishes papers commentaries reviews response papers exhibitions and short descriptions of work in progress discussing art and technology and how the two intersect. It was established in 2001. The editor-in-chief is Mads Haahr (Trinity College Dublin).
 The Wind from a Burning Woman is a collection of science fiction stories by author Greg Bear. It was released in 1983 and was the author's first hardcover book. It was published by Arkham House in an edition of 3046 copies. Two of the included stories were nominated for a Nebula Award. Petra was nominated in 1983 but lost. Hardfought was nominated in 1984 and won.
 Bad Chili is a crime mystery novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It is the fourth in the series of books featuring Lansdale's longtime protagonists Hap Collins and Leonard Pine. The two characters couldn't be more different; Hap is a white working class laborer who went to prison to protest the Vietnam war and Leonard is a gay black Vietnam vet with serious anger issues. Both are experts in the martial arts and are the best of friends.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1955 is a 1955 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by T. E. Dikty. Most of the stories had originally appeared in 1954 in the magazines Astounding The Saturday Evening Post Fantasy and Science Fiction Amazing Stories Science Stories Galaxy Science Fiction Imagination and Fantastic.
 Ragamuffin is the second novel by Caribbean science fiction writer Tobias S. Buckell. It is the sequel to his first novel Crystal Rain.Buckell labeled Ragamuffin a Caribbean space opera with his previous novel being called Caribbean steampunk. It is followed by his third novel Sly Mongoose.Ragamuffin was nominated for the 2007 Nebula award for best novel and was a finalist for the 2008 Prometheus Award.
 A Singular Woman: The Untold Story of Barack Obama's Mother is a 2011 book by former New York Times journalist Janny Scott. It is a biography of Ann Dunham the mother of U.S. President Barack Obama.
 Notari Matsutarō (のたり松太郎) is a Japanese sports manga series written and illustrated by Tetsuya Chiba about sumo wrestling. It was serialized by Shogakukan in Big Comic from August 1973 to June 1993 then after a hiatus it returned from October 1995 to March 1998.
 Downsiders is an award-winning 1999 novel by Neal Shusterman.
 The Tribune News is a weekly newspaper published in Junction City Oregon United States on Wednesdays. The paper serves Junction City and the tri-county area of Benton Linn and Lane counties including the communities of Monroe Harrisburg and Santa Clara.
 The Sacred Land is the third book in the Hellenic Traders series by H N Turteltaub. Like the others in the series it is a work of historical fiction concerning the adventures of a pair of Greek traders from Rhodes.
 The Masters is the fifth novel in C. P. Snow's series Strangers and Brothers. It involves the election of a new Master at narrator Lewis Eliot's unnamed Cambridge College which resembles Christ's College where Snow was a fellow. The novel is set in 1937 with the growing threat from Nazi Germany as the backdrop.
 A Fraction of the Whole is a 2008 novel by Steve Toltz. It follows three generations of the eccentric Dean family in Australia and the people who surround them.
 The Black Robe is an 1881 epistolary novel by famed English writer Wilkie Collins. The book relates the misadventures of Lewis Romayne and is also noted for a perceived anti-Catholic bias.
 The Journal of Toxicology and Environmental Health is a peer-reviewed public health journal covering environmental toxicology. It was established in 1975 and in 1998 was split into Part A: Current Issues and Part B: Critical Reviews. According to the Journal Citation Reports Part A has a 2012 impact factor of 1.733 whereas Part B has a 2012 impact factor of 3.896.
 The Chosen is the fifth novel in the Night World series written by L. J. Smith. It was first published on February 1 1997 by Simon Pulse. Since its release it has been reprinted several times due to its cult status amongst Smith's fans.
 TAF Preventive Medicine Bulletin is a peer-reviewed bimonthly academic medical journal about primary medical services and preventive medicine.
 Sister Time is a novel by John Ringo and Julie Cochrane and is partofthe Legacy of the Aldenata series specifically a spin off that features Michael O'Neal'sdaughters Cally and Michelle. Michelle has been raised off planet by the Indowy race and has been trained in highly advanced mental techniques. As established in the earlier Cally's War Cally is a dangerous assassin. They meet for the first time since the war but it is not certain if they will be allies or enemies.
 Goodbye Mr. Chips (originally Good-bye Mr. Chips) is a novella about the life of a schoolteacher Mr. Chipping written by the English writer James Hilton first published by Hodder & Stoughton in October 1934. The novel has been adapted into two films and two television adaptations.
 The Westmount Examiner is a weekly English language newspaper serving Westmount Quebec Canada. It has a circulation of 11000 with a policy of covering news only from within Westmount. It has been available online since December 14 2009.
 Blood of Tyrants is the eighth novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik. This installment features the adventures of William Laurence and his dragon Temeraire in Japan China and Russia as they attempt to muster up new allies in the year 1812.
 The Marquette Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Marq. L. Rev.) is a quarterly law review edited by students at Marquette University Law School. The review is ranked 56th among general US student-edited journals for citations by courts. Articles essays and student-written notes and comments from the review are accessible in PDF format on its web site as well as online through LexisNexis Westlaw and HeinOnline.
 Le Nouvel Observateur (French pronunciation: ​[lə nuvɛl‿ɔbsɛʁvaˈtœʁ]; often shortened to Le Nouvel Obs [lənuvɛˈlɔbs]) is a weekly French newsmagazine. Based in Paris it is the most prominent French general information magazine in terms of audience and circulation (currently at 538200).Since 1964 it has covered political business and economic news. It features extensive coverage of European Middle Eastern and African political commercial and cultural issues.
 Revolutionary Wealth is a book written by futurists Alvin Toffler and his wife Heidi Toffler first published in 2006 by Knopf. It is a continuation of the 1980 The Third Wave which itself is a sequel to Future Shock.Revolutionary Wealth significantly expands on the Third Wave. As in the older volume the book argues that institutions—public private and social—left over from an era of mass production are unsuited to a new civilization being built throughout the world.
 Active Dayton is an alternative weekly newspaper based in Dayton Ohio. The newspaper includes highlights of Dayton area arts music dining and films as well as classified advertising. The first edition of the newspaper was published in the 1990s.Active Dayton provides a yearly Best Of list for the Dayton and outlying areas that includes Best Restaurants Best Clubs Best Theater etc.
 Ten Kids No Pets is a children's novel written by Ann M. Martin. She has also written a sequel entitled Eleven Kids One Summer.
 Mao II published in 1991 is Don DeLillo's tenth novel. It was the winner of the PEN/Faulkner Award in 1992. The title is derived from a series of Andy Warhol silkscreen prints depicting Mao Zedong. This book was dedicated to DeLillo's editor Gordon Lish.
 Mr. Penumbra’s 24-Hour Bookstore is a 2012 novel by American writer Robin Sloan. It was chosen one of the best 100 books of 2012 by the San Francisco Chronicle was a New York Times Editor's Choice and was on the New York Times Hardcover Fiction Best Seller list as well as the NPR Hardcover Fiction Bestseller List. The US book cover which glows in the dark was done by Rodrigo Corral and chosen as one of the 25 best book covers for 2012 by BookPage.Mr.
 Soil Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing. The current editor-in-chief is R.J. Gilkes (University of Western Australia). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Elsevier BIOBASE BIOSIS CAB Abstracts Chemical Abstracts Current Contents/Agriculture Biology & Environmental Sciences Science Citation Index. It was established in 1963 as the Australian Journal of Soil Research and obtained its current title in 2011.
 The Kon-Tiki Expedition: By Raft Across the South Seas (Norwegian: Kon-Tiki ekspedisjonen) is a 1948 book by the Norwegian writer Thor Heyerdahl. It recounts Heyerdahl's experiences with the Kon-Tiki expedition where he travelled across the Pacific Ocean on a balsa tree raft. The book was first published in Norway on 2 November 1948 and sold out in 15 days.
 The Innocents is a 1950 play written by William Archibald that was first performed in New York at the Playhouse Theatre on February 1st 1950. The cast included Beatrice Straight Isobel Elsom Iris Mann and David Cole. A subsequent production opened at the Morosco Theatre on October 21 1976 and closed on October 30 1976 after 12 performances.
 The Story of Tom Brennan is a 2005 Australian young adult novel written by J. C. Burke. It was named as book of the year for older readers by the Children's Book Council of Australia. The story follows Tom Brennan a 17-year-old boy known for his football skills.
 Homemakers was a Canadian magazine that covered women's lifestyles published nine times a year. It offered recipes and articles on food health style home and living. In October 2011 it was announced that the magazine was closing and the holiday 2011 issue was to be the last printed [1].The magazine started in 1966 with the name Homemaker's Digest featuring shopping lists housekeeping tips and cooking suggestions.
 Unaccustomed Earth is a collection of short stories from Pulitzer Prize winning author Jhumpa Lahiri. This is her second collection of stories the first being the Pulitzer-winning Interpreter of Maladies. As with much of Lahiri's work Unaccustomed Earth considers the lives of Indian American characters and how they deal with their mixed cultural environment. It made number one on the New York Times Book Review list of 100 Best Books of 2008 as chosen by the paper's editors.
 The Undercover Economist (ISBN 0-19-518977-9) (ISBN 0345494016) is a book by Tim Harford published in 2005 by Little Brown.The book provides an introduction to principles of economics including demand-supply interactions market failures externalities globalisation international trade and comparative advantage.
 Memoirs of a Spacewoman is a science fiction novel by Naomi Mitchison a sister of the famous biologist J.B.S. Haldane. It was first published in 1962 by Victor Gollancz Ltd.
 Twilight of the Idols or How to Philosophize with a Hammer (German: Götzen-Dämmerung oder Wie man mit dem Hammer philosophiert) is a book by Friedrich Nietzsche written in 1888 and published in 1889.
 The Quebec Mercury was an English language weekly newspaper published in Quebec City from 1805 to 1863.The Mercury was founded by publisher Thomas Cary in respect and veneration of Canada's link to the United Kingdom. From 1828 to 1848 the Mercury was owned jointly by Thomas Cary Jr. and Pierre-Édouard Desbarats.
 Revolution is a young adult historical fiction novel by Jennifer Donnelly about a girl named Andi Alpers who is struggling with drugs thoughts of suicide and the way her family has fallen apart after the death of her ten-year-old brother. When her father takes her with him to Paris on a business trip to ensure she works on her school thesis Andi discovers a journal written by a girl her age Alexandrine Paradis two centuries earlier which has its own tragedies inside.
 Albania was an Albanian periodical published by Faik Konica one of the most important figures of Albanian culture in the early decades of the twentieth century. Albania was published from 1896-7 to 1910 and is widely regarded as the most important Albanian periodical in the beginning of the 20th century and one of the most important Albanian periodicals to have existed until the end of World War II.
 Alo! is a daily tabloid newspaper published in Belgrade Serbia.Launched by Ringier AG (owners of another Serbian daily Blic) on October 15 2007 Alo! attempts to establish itself on the saturated Serbian daily tabloid market through aggressive campaign that announces it as 'Najveće dnevne novine u Srbiji' (the biggest daily in Serbia) - referring to its format size.
 The British Film Catalogue is a reference book compiled by Denis Gifford (1927–2000) listing every film made in Britain including feature films shorts information films and student films. For each of more than 14000 consecutively numbered chronological title entries information listed includes major credits (director producer writer original author) production company distributor actors and actresses role names running time censors’ certificate genre and a brief plot.
 Vedantasara which means Essence of Vedanta is one of the best known epitomes of the philosophy of the Upanishads as taught by Adi Shankara. Its author Sadananda Yogendra Saraswati was the son of Anantadeva Apadeva and probably lived in mid-15th Century A.D. His work Vedantasara enjoys great popularity as an introductory text to Advaita Vedanta. He also wrote Vedantasiddhanta-sarasangraha Bhavaprakasa on Bhagavad Gita and Brahmasutra-tatpryaprakasa.
 The Imam's Army (Turkish: İmamın Ordusu) is a book by Turkish journalist Ahmet Şık on the life and work of Fethullah Gülen and his Gülen movement. Şık was detained in March 2011 before the book was published and the draft book was seized by the government and banned claiming it was an illegal organizational document of the secret organization Ergenekon. Şık was detained pending trial being eventually released pending trial in March 2012.
 The Phantom-Fighter is a collection of supernatural detective short stories by author Seabury Quinn. It was released in 1966 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 2022 copies. The stories are about Quinn's detective Jules de Grandin and were originally published in the magazine Weird Tales.
 The Jackson Free Press referred to often as simply JFP is an alternative weekly newspaper in Jackson Mississippi founded in 2002 by Mississippi native Donna Ladd author and technology expert Todd Stauffer and a group of young Jacksonians wanting a progressive voice in the state. It is currently the only member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies (AAN) in the state of Mississippi.
 Sabah is a popular Turkish daily newspaper with a circulation of around 330000 as of 2011. Its name means morning in Turkish language deriving from Arabic.
 The Way To Cook (1989 Knopf) is a cookbook and series of instructional videos written by the television personality and cooking teacher Julia Child; Child saw it as her magnum opus and considered it the culmination of her career as a cooking teacher.
 Good is an award-winning play in two acts written by British playwright Cecil Philip Taylor. First published for Methuen Drama in 1982 it was originally commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1981 and subsequently seen all over the world. Good has been described as the definitive piece written about the Holocaust in the English-speaking theatre.
 Remember the End is the second novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) and it is set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania from the 1890s to World War I.The protagonist Alex MacTay is a Scotsman who is called to be a poet but instead emigrates to America. On a farm in Western Pennsylvania he forms a partnership in a coal mine marries the farmer's daughter and suppresses his aesthetic interests.
 Beautiful Outlaw is a book by John Eldredge published in 2011 on the subject of the personality of Jesus Christ. Its subtitle is Experiencing the Playful Disruptive Extravagant Personality of Jesus.
 The Call of Cthulhu is a short story by American writer H. P. Lovecraft. Written in the summer of 1926 it was first published in the pulp magazine Weird Tales in February 1928.
 The Apes of God is a 1930 novel by the British artist and writer Wyndham Lewis. It is a satire of London's contemporary literary and artistic scene.The novel is set in 1926 leading up to the General Strike in May. It has an episodic structure following a young simpleton called Dan Boleyn from one encounter with the literati to another. Dan follows the directions of an infatuated sixty year-old albino Horace Zagreus who believes him to be a genius.
 A Murder a Mystery and a Marriage is a short story written by Mark Twain in 1876. It was published in a very small unauthorized edition in 1945 with an authorized edition not appearing until 2001. Initially Twain proposed to William Dean Howells that they entice twelve authors including himself to each write a short story to the same plot. The scheme failed and Twain was the only one to flesh out the plot.
 Kahekordne mäng (English: Double Play) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1972 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 2003.
 All Hell Let Loose: The World at War 1939-1945 is a 2011 book by historian Max Hastings covering the history of World War II and complementing Hastings' earlier works Overlord Armageddon and Nemesis. In the United States it was published under the title Inferno: The World at War 1939-1945.
 Tempus With His Right Side Companion Niko is a novelized collection of fourteen previously-published short stories in the Sacred Band series by Janet Morris. Originally published in 1987 by Baen it was reissued in 2011 by Paradise Publishing.
 Henriad is a common title used by scholars for Shakespeare's second historical tetralogy comprising Richard II; Henry IV Part 1; Henry IV Part 2; and Henry V.
 Resurrection (Russian: Воскресение Voskreseniye) first published in 1899 was the last novel written by Leo Tolstoy. The book is the last of his major long fiction works published in his lifetime. Tolstoy intended the novel as an exposition of injustice of man-made laws and the hypocrisy of institutionalized church. It was first published serially in the popular weekly magazine Niva in an effort to raise funds for the resettlement of the Dukhobors.
 Taddle Creek is a literary magazine based in Toronto Ontario Canada. It is published twice yearly and has a mix of various kinds of fiction nonfiction and visual art.
 After School Nightmare (放課後保健室 Hōkago Hokenshitsu literally After School Infirmary) is a shōjo fantasy manga by Setona Mizushiro. It was serialized from 2004 to 2007 in the manga magazine Princess and collected in ten tankōbon volumes. It is licensed in North America by Go! Comi with all volumes adapted by Mallory Reaves and edited by Brynne Chandler.
 Pharmaceutical Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes research on natural product research related to pharmaceutical biology. The editor-in-chief is John M. Pezzuto (University of Hawaii at Hilo).
 Peloponnisos (Greek: Πελοπόννησος) is a Greek regional daily newspaper published in Patras the capital of the Peloponnese peninsula from which it takes its name. It is the most widely circulated newspaper in the city of Patras as well as one of the oldest of the country. It was founded in 1886.
 Human & Experimental Toxicology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes research and reviews in the field of pharmacology and toxicology. It was established in 1981 as Human Toxicology and obtained its current name in 1990. It is published by SAGE Publications and the editor-in-chief is Kai Savolainen (Finnish Institute of Occupational Health).
 Lesbian Nation: The Feminist Solution is a 1973 book by the radical lesbian feminist author and cultural critic Jill Johnston. The book was originally published as a series of essays featured in The Village Voice from 1969 to 1972.
 The African Journal of International and Comparative Law is published twice yearly by the Edinburgh University Press in March and September. The journal publishes refereed articles in international and comparative law on a pan-African basis. Articles cover public and private international law and each issue includes a section on recent developments relevant to the continent. The majority of articles are in English with articles in French also published.
 Rubber Dinosaurs and Wooden Elephants: Essays on Literature Film and History is a 1996 essay collection by L. Sprague de Camp published in hardcover by Borgo Press as no. 26 in the series I.O. Evans Studies in the Philosophy & Criticism of Literature.
 Death Walks the Streets is a 2010 comic book limited series based on an unproduced screenplay for a film of the same title. The comic is a prequel set three years prior to the timeline in the screenplay.
 .hack//Another Birth (.hack//もうひとつの誕生 dotto hakku//Mō Hitotsu no Tanjō) is a novelization of .hack the video game series for the PlayStation 2. Whereas .hack is told from Kite's perspective Another Birth is told from BlackRose's perspective.
 Ultra is an eight-issue comic book limited series created by the Luna Brothers Jonathan (art and plot) and Joshua (script) and published by Image Comics in 2004 and 2005.The series' central character is Pearl Penalosa who is also a superheroine called Ultra. The story deals only peripherally with traditional superhero comics themes like fighting supervillains but concentrates mainly on how being a superhero affects Pearl's personal life.
 To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960. It was immediately successful winning the Pulitzer Prize and has become a classic of modern American literature. The plot and characters are loosely based on the author's observations of her family and neighbors as well as on an event that occurred near her hometown in 1936 when she was 10 years old.The novel is renowned for its warmth and humor despite dealing with the serious issues of rape and racial inequality.
 The American Journal of Transplantation is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Society of Transplant Surgeons and the American Society of Transplantation. It covers research on all aspects of organ transplantation. Each issue offers continuing medical education in the form of its Images in Transplantation feature a case-based approach.
 Science Digest was a monthly American magazine published by the Hearst Corporation from 1937 through 1986.
 Wish You Were Here is a humorous novel by English author Tom Holt. It was first published in the U.K by Orbit Books in 1998.The moral of this book is 'Be careful what you wish for....it may come true'. A mischievous ghost of an ancient Native American princess who has many guises tricks visitors to Lake Chicopee (Iowa) into falling into it.
 Community College Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal publishing research and commentary on community colleges. The editor-in-chief is Jim Palmer (Illinois State University). It was established in 1973 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with North Carolina State University.
 Hell Is the Absence of God is a 2001 novelette by Ted Chiang first published in Starlight #3; in 2002 the story won a Hugo Award a Nebula Award and a Locus Award. It was also a finalist for the 2002 Theodore Sturgeon Award and won the 2004 Seiun Award.
 Steel Bananas is a not-for-profit Post-Postmodern art collective zine and chapbook press operating in Toronto and Vancouver Canada. Established in 2008 their mandate is geared toward enriching the Canadian artistic community by collaborating freely with independent artists writers and alternative art groups. Between 2008 and 2010 Steel Bananas published monthly issues but in 2011 began publishing quarterly zines along with experimental chapbooks in print and online.
 Well-Schooled in Murder is a crime novel by Elizabeth George first published in 1990. Set in the late 1980s at an elite public school in the South of England founded in 1489 the book which is a mystery novel in the tradition of the whodunnit revolves around the strict yet unwritten code of behaviour prevalent at independent schools which says that under no circumstances must pupils ever tell on their schoolmates no matter what they have done.
 World and Town is a novel by Gish Jen that follows a Chinese American widow and her friendship with a family of Cambodian immigrants. The novel describes the difficulties encountered in the lives of characters as they embrace immigration rationalism and religious fundamentalism.Set in New England the novel begins in early 2001 and describes the life of Hattie Kong a widowed retired high school teacher. Kong's quiet life is interpreted when a family of Cambodian immigrants moves to her town.
 A Game at Chess is a comic satirical play by Thomas Middleton first staged in August 1624 by the King's Men at the Globe Theatre notable for its political content.
 Total Guitar is a monthly magazine based in the United Kingdom. The magazine is the best selling guitar magazine in Europe.The magazine is owned by Future plc who publish many other magazines ranging from drums and video games to mountain bikes and knitting magazines.Total Guitar regularly contains tablature for rock acoustic punk Blues Classic rock and Metal as well as detailed profiles of guitarists and their specific techniques and playing styles.
 Double Vision is a novel by Pat Barker published in 2003. The Observer described the book as a strongly written oddly constructed new novel.
 Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is a play by Tennessee Williams. It was produced by the Playwrights' Company. One of Williams's best-known works and his personal favorite the play won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1955. Set in the plantation home in the Mississippi Delta of Big Daddy Pollitt a wealthy cotton tycoon the play examines the relationships among members of Big Daddy's family primarily between his son Brick and Maggie the Cat Brick's wife.
 The Eternal Champion is a fantasy novel by Michael Moorcock. First published in 1970 it is based on stories Moorcock published in Avillion and Science Fantasy. It is the first in a trilogy of books about the Eternal Champion in his incarnation as Erekosë.
 Expert Opinion on Pharmacotherapy is a MEDLINE-indexed peer-reviewed international journal publishing review articles and original papers on newly approved/near to launch compounds covering all therapy areas.Each review includes an ‘expert opinion’ section in which authors are asked to provide their personal view on the current status and future direction of the research discussed.Expert Opinion is published by Informa.
 Günlük (Daily) was a Turkish newspaper known for its writing about Kurdish issues. It was published from 2009 to 2011.It was repeatedly closed for a period of one month in 2009 under court order because of material deemed terrorist propaganda under Turkey's Press Law. One case related to an article by Amir Hassanpour Linguistic Rights in the Linguistic Systems of the Developed World: State Market and Communication Technologies which included a passing mention of the PKK.
 The Prophet of Yonwood is an apocalyptic science fiction novel by Jeanne DuPrau that was published in 2006. It is the third Book of Ember of the series and a prequel to The City of Ember. It is set about fifty years before the Disaster and the establishment of Ember and approximately three hundred years before the events of The City of Ember The People of Sparks and The Diamond of Darkhold.
 Into the Abyss: How a Deadly Plane Crash Changed the Lives of a Pilot a Politician a Criminal and a Cop is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Carol Shaben first published in September 2012 by Random House. The book's narrative chronicles the doomed flight of a Piper Navajo commuter plane and the plight of four survivors as they endured the remote wilderness of northern Alberta where the plane had crashed.
 La Gaceta (Spanish for The Gazette full name La Gaceta de los Negocios The Business Gazette) is a newspaper belonging to the Intereconomia Group which is conservative and supportive of market liberalism. It once belonged to Negocios de Ediciones y Publicaciones SL group until August 2009 when it was bought by Intereconomia group. Its headquarters are in Madrid and it has branches in Barcelona Bilbao Valencia and Valladolid.
 For the music video director named Bartholomew Cubbins see Jared Leto.The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins is a children's book written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Vanguard Press in 1938. Unlike the majority of Geisel's books it is written in prose rather than rhyming and metered verse.
 Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln is a 2005 book by Pulitzer Prize-winning American historian Doris Kearns Goodwin published by Simon & Schuster. The book is a biographical portrait of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln and some of the men who served with him in his cabinet from 1861 to 1865. Three of his Cabinet members had previously run against Lincoln in the 1860 election: Attorney General Edward Bates Secretary of the Treasury Salmon P.
 The Things They Left Behind is short story by Stephen King originally published in the compilation Transgressions: Volume Two edited by Ed McBain and published by Forge Books. It is one of three stories that is also available on audiobook compilation in the Transgressions series titled Terror's Echo and read by John Bedford Lloyd.
 The Canadian Medical Association Journal is a peer-reviewed general medical journal published by the Canadian Medical Association (CMA). It publishes original clinical research analyses and reviews news practice updates and editorials.
 The Unicorn Girl is a science fiction novel by Michael Kurland originally released in 1969.
 The Winter Market is a science fiction short story written by William Gibson and published as part of his Burning Chrome short story collection.
 The Ship is a novel written by British author C. S. Forester set in the Mediterranean during World War II and first published in May 1943. It follows the life of a Royal Navy light cruiser for a single action including a detailed analysis of many of the men on board and the contribution they made.
 Blue Bloods is a series of vampire novels by Melissa de la Cruz. The series is set in Manhattan New York. The complete series comprises seven books: Blue Bloods Masquerade Revelations The Van Alen Legacy Misguided Angel Lost in Time and Gates of Paradise. The author also wrote two companion novels Keys to the Repository and Bloody Valentine along with two spin-off series Wolf Pact and Witches of East End. Blue Bloods: A Graphic Novel was published on January 15 2013.
 The Missionary Position: Mother Teresa in Theory and Practice is an essay by the British-American journalist and polemicist Christopher Hitchens (1949 – 2011) published in 1995. It criticizes the work and philosophy of Mother Teresa (1910 – 1997) the founder of a Roman Catholic religious congregation that provides charitable services worldwide and the mainstream media's assessment of her charitable efforts.
 Chip Chats is a bimonthly publication by the National Wood Carvers Association (NWCA). The magazine highlights individual art from every single state in the United States and various other countries. The magazine also offers local club information for wood carvers interested in local chapter details. The president of the NWCA chooses the editor-in-chief for the publication. Currently the Editor-in-Chief is Ed Gallenstein who also is the President of the NWCA.
 Exodus by American novelist Leon Uris is about the founding of the State of Israel. Published in 1958 it is based on the name of the 1947 immigration ship Exodus.[citation needed]Uris covered the Arab–Israeli fighting as a war correspondent in 1956; two years later Exodus was published by Doubleday.
 Sent for You Yesterday is a novel by the American writer John Edgar Wideman set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the 1970s. The novel tells the story of Albert Wilkes who after seven years on the run returns to Homewood an African American neighborhood of the East End.Sent for You Yesterday is the third volume of what some critics call The Homewood Trilogy. The other books are Damballah and Hiding Place.
 East and West (subtitled China Power and the Future of Asia) is a 1998 book by the British politician Christopher Patten about his experiences as the last governor of Hong Kong. In this book he attempts to provide insights into the last years of British colonial rule in Hong Kong and defends his decision of introducing the controversial representative democracy into the region.
 Dream of Ding Village (Chinese: 丁庄梦 Ding zhuang meng) is a 2006 novel by the Chinese writer Yan Lianke. The 2011 English translation by Cindy Carter published in the UK by Grove Press was shortlisted for the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize.It is a story based on the blood sales in rural Henan province that sparked a major AIDS crisis in China. After the first edition sold out it was banned -- no more copies can be printed in China.
 Fierce Invalids Home From Hot Climates is Tom Robbins's seventh work; the novel was first published in 2000 by the Random House Publishing Group.
 The publication of the North American Conference on British Studies The Journal of British Studies is an academic journal aimed at scholars of British culture from the Middle Ages through the present. The journal was co-founded in 1961 by George Cooper. JBS presents scholarly articles and book reviews from renowned international authors who share their ideas on British society politics law economics and the arts.
 The Scandinavian Journal of Educational Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in education published by Routledge. It is abstracted and indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index.
 The Harlan Daily Enterprise a daily newspaper serving Harlan County in the U.S. state of Kentucky with a circulation of 6000 was first published in 1901 as The Harlan Enterprise and began publishing in 1928 as The Harlan Daily Enterprise.The newspaper is published five times a week Tuesday through Saturday except on major holidays. Office hours are Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m.The newspaper is named in honor of the city and county which it serves.
 For the Grace Jones album see Living My Life (album). For the song see Living My Life (song).Living My Life is the 993-page autobiography of Lithuanian-born anarchist Emma Goldman published in two volumes in 1931 (Alfred A. Knopf) and 1934 (Garden City Publishing Company). Goldman wrote it in Saint-Tropez France following her disillusionment with the Bolshevik role in the Russian revolution.
 So Long and Thanks for All the Fish is the fourth book of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series written by Douglas Adams. Its title is the message left by the dolphins when they departed Planet Earth just before it was demolished to make way for a hyperspace bypass as described in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
 Incest: From a Journal of Love: The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin (1932–1934) is a 1992 non-fiction book by Anaïs Nin. It is a continuation of the diary entries first published in Henry and June: From the Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin. It features Nin's relationships with writer Henry Miller his wife June Miller the psychoanalyst Otto Rank her father Joaquín Nin and her husband Hugh Parker Guiler. She also copied some of her correspondence with these people into her diary.
 Chas was a daily newspaper published in Latvia the third among Russian language dailies and the eighth among all dailies by subscription as of January 2010. The final issue of the newspaper appeared on December 7 2012.
 Wild About Harry is the first novel by British writer Paul Pickering. It was published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson in 1985 and Collins in 1986. The book was published in America by Atheneum Books in 1985. Pickering researched the novel in Paraguay when he was sent to look for the Nazi war criminal Josef Mengele by Sir James Goldsmith’s NOW! magazine.
 The Monkey Wrench is a science fiction short story by Gordon R. Dickson.In this story Lowland society lawyer Cary Harmon drops in unannounced on the weather station of meteorologist Burke McIntyre high in the Lonesome Mountains a jagged chain of the deserted shorelands of Venus's Northern Sea. Curious about Burke's hermit's existence Cary queries to gain knowledge of how Burke works.
 Angie is a novel by Slovenian author Janja Vidmar. It was first published in 2007.
 The International Journal of Health Science is a double-blind peer-reviewed medical journal published by Renaissance Medical Publishing (Thessaloniki Greece). The journal was established in January 2008 and is published quarterly. It publishes original articles review articles case reports and letters to the editor. It covers medicine nursing psychology healthcare management health economics and other health science fields.
 The Journal of Applied Social Psychology is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal. The journal was established in 1971. Its current editor-in-chief is Richard J. Crisp (University of Sheffield). The journal is devoted to applications of experimental research to the problems of society (e.g. health safety gender law).
 Blueprint for Disaster: The Unraveling of Chicago Public Housing is a history of the public housing program in Chicago.
 Jerk is a one-person puppet play by the American writer Dennis Cooper made in collaboration with director Gisèle Vienne and performer Jonathan Capdevielle based on Cooper's 1993 novel of the same name. It is based on the story of serial killer Dean Corll and his teenage accomplices David Brooks and Elmer Wayne Henley.
 The Tab is a group of newspapers for students based in London and published by Tab Media Ltd. It was launched at the University of Cambridge and has since expanded to over twenty other universities. The name is both an abbreviation for 'tabloid' and a nickname applied to Cambridge students (from 'Cantabs').
 Womenomics: Write Your Own Rules for Success is a non-fiction book written by ABC News' Good Morning America senior national correspondent Claire Shipman and BBC World News America Washington correspondent Katty Kay that was published by Harper Collins on June 2 2009.Additionally the term Womenomics applies to a concept Shipman and Kay have termed for what they see as an upcoming paradigm shift in the way individuals and companies approach work due to an increase in value of women in the workforce and changing attitudes of women towards priorities of balancing work and personal life.
 Kiss the Dust is a book written by Elizabeth Laird on the conflicts between the Kurds and the then Saddam Hussein-led Iraqis. It is a young adult historical fiction novel about a twelve-year-old Kurdish girl and her family's escape from Iraq over the border into Iran. The book was originally published in Great Britain by William Heneman Ltd. in 1991. It was first published in the US by Dutton Children's Books a division of Penguin Books USA Inc. in 1992.
 The Journal of Electronic Materials is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes studies research developments and applications of materials that produce electronics. The editor-in-chief is Suzanne Mohney. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the The Minerals Metals & Materials Society and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
 LOVE is a bi-annual British style magazine founded in 2009 by stylist and fashion journalist Katie Grand who remains editor-in chief. Since 2012 Lulu Kennedy has been editor-at-large and Alex Fury has been editor of this Condé Nast publication. Suzanne Weinstock of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism described the magazine this way in 2010:Despite its glossy pages the magazine has a raw look.
 And Having Writ... is a 1978 science fiction/alternate history novel written by Donald R. Bensen.It was nominated for the 1979 John W. Campbell Award.
 Up Up and Oy Vey : How Jewish History Culture and Values Shaped the Comic Book Superhero is a book by Rabbi Simcha Weinstein.In the book Weinstein contends that because the creators of many famous superheroes such as Superman were Jewish those superheroes were inspired by Jewish values and Jewish figures such as the patriarchs (for example Moses and David) the Golem and Samson.The book argues that the Jewish creators of early comic books as the children of immigrants tried to escape the feeling of inferiority occasioned by their being a minority religion by creating superheroes who would fight for truth and justice. 
 La Estrella Oeste and La Estrella Norte are two Spanish-language regional newspapers based in Mayagüez Puerto Rico. Both editions cover 36 towns of the western and northern areas of Puerto Rico.As of 2006 La Estrella is the biggest regional newspaper in terms of circulation in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico with a combined weekly circulation of 117000. La Estrella was the first regional newspaper to be audited in Puerto Rico by the Circulation Verification Council (CVC).
 The Cabinet of Curiosities is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child released on June 3 2002 by Grand Central Publishing. This is the third book in the Special Agent Pendergast series.
 Between Foxrock and a Hard Place is a 2010 play by Paul Howard as part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 The Berry is the only political newspaper at Cambridge University England. In its print form like The Cambridge Student and Varsity it had a distribution of 10000. In 2009-10 it was relaunched as an online newspaper 'The Berry Online' providing Cambridge students with their only regular forum for political debate.
 Shadow is a translation of the poem La Féticheuse by French writer Blaise Cendrars. The book was released by Scribner and illustrated by Marcia Brown. It was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1983 Brown's third honor.
 Lost in the Barrens is a children's novel by Farley Mowat first published in 1956. Some editions used the title Two Against the North.It won a Governor General's Award in 1956 and the Canada Library Association Book of the Year for Children Award in 1958.
 Starburst is a British science fiction magazine published by Starburst Magazine Limited. The magazine is published monthly with additional news and reviews being published daily on the website.
 Molecular Endocrinology is a peer-reviewed journal that publishes research on the molecular processes of hormones.
 American Journal of Medical Quality is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Health Care. The journal's editor is David B Nash MD MBA. It has been in publication since 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with American College of Medical Quality.
 Computational Intelligence is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on artificial intelligence. It was established in 1985 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell. Since 2009 the editors-in-chief have been Ali Ghorbani and Evangelos Milios.
 Harper's Bible Dictionary is a scholarly reference book of the Bible containing the texts of the Old Testament the Apocrypha and the New Testament. It is written by 180 members of the Society of Biblical Literature edited by Paul J. Achtemier and containing 3500 articles and 400 photographs.It has a LCC of BS 440.H237.
 Tidal Moon is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum and Helen Weinbaum that first appeared in the December 1938 issue of Thrilling Wonder Stories and was reprinted in the collection Interplanetary Odysseys (2006). Sam Moskowitz stated that Stanley G. Weinbaum completed only a page and a half of the story before his death and that his sister Helen Weinbaum completed the story on her own. Tidal Moon is the only story by Weinbaum to take place on Ganymede.
 Kamienie na szaniec (lit. Stones for the Rampart also translated as Stones on the Barricade) is a 1943 book by Polish writer Aleksander Kamiński.
 Drug Testing and Analysis is a Monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 2009 and published by John Wiley & Sons. It focuses on six key topics: sports doping illicit/recreational drug use pharmaceutics toxico-pathology forensics/homeland security and environment.The current editor-in-chief is Mario Thevis (German Sport University Cologne).
 The Last Canadian is a 1974 science fiction novel by William C. Heine about the adventures of Eugene Arnprior after North America is devastated by a plague. The U.S. release of the novel was titled Death Wind.
 L'Etoile Solitaire is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yuno Ogami. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on October 15 2007.
 The Pittsburgh Tax Review is a journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at University of Pittsburgh School of Law. The publication focusing on tax law and legislation. The Review is published semi-annually with recent issues (article summaries only) available online.
 The Elusive Quest For Growth: Economists’ Adventures and Misadventures in the Tropics is a 2001 book by World Bank development economist William Easterly.
 333: A Bibliography of the Science-Fantasy Novel is a bibliography of English science fiction and fantasy books compiled and edited by Joseph H. Crawford Jr. James J. Donahue and Donald M. Grant. It was first published by The Grandon Company in an edition of 450 paperback and 50 hardback copies. The hardback was issued without jacket. The book gives plot descriptions of 333 novels published prior to 1951.
 Path of Unreason is a science fiction novel by author George O. Smith. It was published in 1958 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies of which only 3000 were bound. The novel is an expansion of Smith's story The Kingdom of the Blind which first appeared in the magazine Startling Stories in 1947.
 Beed Reporter is a Marathi-language daily newspaper published in Beed Maharashtra India.
 The Winning Way is a 2011 debut book by Harsha Bhogle and Anita Bhogle published by Westland And Tranquebar Press. It is Harsha's first book published as an author. The pair stated that the book took them two years to write with The Hindu calling it lively.
 The Health Informatics Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of health informatics. its editors-in-chief are Rob Procter (University of Edinburgh) and P. A. Bath (University of Sheffield). It was established in 1992 and is published by SAGE Publications.
 Nietzsche contra Wagner is a critical essay by Friedrich Nietzsche composed of recycled passages from his past works. It was written in his last year of lucidity (1888–1889) but was not published until 1895 six years after his mental collapse. Nietzsche describes in this short work why he parted ways with his one-time idol and friend Richard Wagner.
 Peeled and Quartered is a sixty-two page novella by Jessica I. Rowe published in 2012. In it she creates a disturbing form of science fiction melded with certain dark elements that she terms disturbanization. While there are aspects of science fiction infused into the writing the dark and twisted turns of the plot coupled with the grimmer side of urban life (drugs the homeless culture mental illness) create this aspect of disturbanization.
 Apollyon: The Destroyer Is Unleashed is the fifth book in the Left Behind series. It was written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 1998. It was published on Monday February 1 1999 and was on The New York Times Best Seller List for 20 weeks. It takes place 27–28 months into the Tribulation.
 On the Trail of the Assassins is a 1988 book by Jim Garrison detailing his role in indicting businessman Clay Shaw for conspiracy to kill U.S. President John F. Kennedy therefore holding the only trial held for Kennedy's murder. Garrison dedicated On the Trail of the Assassins to the following New Orleans district attorney's staff who served in the 1960s.
 Call for the Saint is a collection of two mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United States in 1948 by The Crime Club and later the same year in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton. This book continues the adventures of Charteris' creation Simon Templar alias The Saint.This was the final volume in which Charteris used the novella format for telling his stories; the format would be revived again in the 1960s by which time other authors were writing the stories.
 The International Journal of Innovation and Technology Management was launched in 2004 and is published by World Scientific. It focuses on the managerial issues and challenges brought about by the increasing pace of technological advancement globally. It tackles all aspects of the innovation process from conceptualization to commercial utilization. Topics covered include knowledge assets and management new product introduction and transfer of technology.
 Archives of Computational Methods in Engineering is a scholarly journal that provides a forum for spreading results of research and advanced industrial practice in computational engineering with particular emphasis on mechanics and its related areas. It publishes reviews presenting developments in computational engineering.
 BioGamer Girl is an internationally distributed US publication dedicated to females in the genres of horror and gaming since 2010.According to the Better Business Bureau of North Alabama BioGamer Girl is a Limited Liability Corporation and a publisher's magazine that is located in Fyffe Alabama United States. BioGamer Girl was founded in 2010 by its Editor-in-Chief Amanda Dyar.
 Today’s Trucking is a Canadian magazine for the heavy duty trucking industry. The magazine is based in Toronto Ontario Canada. It was founded in 1987 by Jim Glionna Rolf Lockwood Phil Knox Tony Hohenadel and Wilson Smith. The magazine's current Editor-In-Chief as of 2004 is Peter Carter. Today’s Trucking is published monthly. The magazine was a bi-monthly publication (issued once every two months) until April 1988 when it became a monthly publication.
 City of Light is a novel by Lauren Belfer published in 1999.
 Conan the Fearless is a fantasy novel written by Steve Perry featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in February 1986; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in January 1987 and was reprinted at least once. The first British edition was published in paperback by Sphere Books in January 1988.The book also includes Conan the Indestructible L.
 Fenomeno Inter is an Italian sports magazine entirely dedicated to the football club Football Club Internazionale Milano. It is released on a monthly basis. It features articles posters and photos of Inter players including both the first team players and the youth system kids as well as club employees. It also feature anecdotes and famous episodes from the Club's history.
 Set in post-colonial Malawi Jungle Lovers is the fifth novel by American author Paul Theroux first published in June 1971 by Houghton Mifflin (US) and The Bodley Head (UK). The author himself worked in Malawi from 1963 to 1965 with the Peace Corps and the book itself was banned for many years in that country as revealed by Theroux in his book Dark Star Safari.
 The Manchester Express was a free newspaper serving Manchester New Hampshire USA. The paper began publication as The Manchester Daily Express on May 22 2006 and was published five days a week until February 27 2008. The paper was then published on a weekly basis.
 A Monk Swimming (1998) is a memoir by Malachy McCourt of his life in Limerick Ireland and of his experiences when he came to America. The book recounts the journey and the many obstacles that McCourt had to overcome.
 Age of Science (2005) is a book about the relationship between Islam and science in Age of Science by author and Egyptian-American scientist and the winner of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Chemistry Ahmed Zewail. The book is also a biography and autobiography about Ahmed Zewail.
 Socks is a children's novel written by Beverly Cleary originally illustrated by Beatrice Darwin and published in 1973. It won the William Allen White Children's Book Award. The title character of the book would eventually become the name for Socks Clinton the cat of U.S. President Bill Clinton and family.
 Television & New Media is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Communication. The journal's editor is Vicki Mayer. It has been in publication since 2000 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Polymorph is a 1997 cyberpunk novel by American science fiction author Scott Westerfeld.
 Ghost Story is the 13th book in The Dresden Files Jim Butcher's continuing urban fantasy series about Chicago wizard Harry Dresden.
 The Big Bamboo is the eighth novel by Tim Dorsey featuring the sociopathic anti-hero Serge A. Storms. It was published in the USA in March 2006 and May 2006 in the UK. The plotline follows Serge A. Storms as he follows his recent obsession of Hollywood and movies in particular the movie The Punisher which was shot on location in Florida.
 La Légende des siècles (The Legend of the Ages) is a collection of poems by Victor Hugo conceived as an immense depiction of the history and evolution of humanity.Written intermittently between 1855 and 1876 while Hugo worked in exile on numerous other projects the poems were published in three series in 1859 1877 and 1883.
 The Summoner is a 2007 fantasy novel by Gail Z. Martin. It is the first in the Chronicles of the Necromancer series. The story follows Prince Martris (Tris) Drayke and his companions on a quest to take back their kingdom after it is seized by Tris's older brother. With so few allies at his ready Tris must call upon allies beyond the grave quite literally. The stage is set for the young prince to step up and save his kingdom but can he muster the will to conjure an army of the dead?
 The Eerie Silence: Renewing Our Search for Alien Intelligence is a 2010 science text by Paul Davies chair of the SETI: Post-Detection Science and Technology Taskgroup of the International Academy of Astronautics. The Eerie Silence explores the possibilities of intelligent extraterrestrial life and its potential consequences.
 Kralj ropotajočih duhov is a novel by Slovenian author Miha Mazzini. It was first published in 2001.
 Essays in London and Elsewhere is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1893. The book collected essays that James had written over the preceding several years on a wide range of writers including James Russell Lowell Gustave Flaubert Robert Browning and Henrik Ibsen. The book also included an interesting general essay on the role of the critic in literature and a piece of travel writing about London.
 Lapham's Quarterly is a literary magazine established in 2007 by former Harper's Magazine editor Lewis H. Lapham. Each issue examines a theme using primary source material from history. The inaugural issue States of War contained dozens of essays speeches and excerpts from historical authors ranging from Thucydides William Shakespeare and Sun Tzu to Mark Twain among others. Recent issue themes included The City Sports & Games and Arts & Letters.
 Feteh is an Ethiopian independent weekly newspaper founded in 2008 by Temesgen Desalegn. The paper is known for its critical coverage of the long-time Meles Zenawi government. Its name translates into English as Justice.According to the US-based Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) between 2008 and July 2011 the Ethiopian government filed 41 lawsuits against Desalegn for his work with the paper.
 The Little Prince (French: Le Petit Prince; French pronunciation: ​[lə.pə.tiˈpʁɛ̃s]) first published in 1943 is a novella and the most famous work of the French aristocrat writer poet and pioneering aviator Antoine de Saint-Exupéry (1900–1944).The novella is both the most-read and most-translated book in the French language and was voted the best book of the 20th century in France.
 The Secret Panel is Volume 25 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Harriet S. Adams in 1946. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was shortened in 1969 by Priscilla Baker-Carr resulting in two slightly different stories sharing the same title.
 The African Journal for the Psychological Study of Social Issues is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the scientific investigation of psychological and social issues and related phenomena in Africa.
 Interfaces is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal about operations research that was established by The Institute of Management Sciences now part of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences. The institute describes Interfaces as improving the practical application of OR/MS to decisions and policies in today's organizations and industries. Each article provides details of the completed application along with the results and impact on the organization.
 Rock was a Yugoslav music magazine published from 1982 to 1990.
 Fluctuation and Noise Letters (FNL) is a journal published by World Scientific since 2001.
 Rainbow: Nisha Rokubō no Shichinin (RAINBOW 二舎六房の七人 Reinbō: Ni-sha roku bō no shichi-nin) is a Japanese manga series written by George Abe and illustrated by Masasumi Kakizaki. It began serialization in 2003 in Shogakukan Publishing's Weekly Young Sunday manga magazine but was moved to Big Comic Spirits when the magazine stopped publication. It was later published in twenty two bound volumes by Shogakukan from April 2003 to February 2010.
 The Dumfries & Galloway Standard is a tabloid newspaper primarily serves Dumfries and the surrounding towns and villages such as Thornhill Sanquhar Lockerbie and Annan. But it also covers Castle Douglas Kirkcudbright Gretna and news in Wigtownshire such as in the town of Stranraer. Its sister paper is the Galloway News which covers the Galloway area more in depth with Castle Douglas Kirkcudbright and Dalbeattie the three main towns in its patch.
 Blaze is a crime novel by Stephen King published under the pseudonym of Richard Bachman. King announced on his website that he found it in an attic. In fact it was written before Carrie and King offered the original draft of the novel to his Doubleday publishers at the same time as 'Salem's Lot.
 The Taos News is a weekly newspaper published in Taos New Mexico by the private company Taos News which also does business as El Crepusculo Inc. the name of the first newspaper published by Padre Martinez. The company is classified under newspaper publishing and printing manufacturers. It is estimated to have an annual revenue of $5 to 10 million and employ between 20 to 49 staff members.
 Ben is a syndicated comic strip that is seen in Canada but is also included in American and other English-speaking newspapers. There is also a French version that is likewise growing in popularity.
 Happy Lesson is a comedy manga written by Mutsumi Sasaki and illustrated by Shinnosuke Mori serialized in Dengeki G's Magazine from April 1999 to September 2002 featuring a high school student who is adopted by five of his teachers. It was adapted into a five-part OVA series in 2001; a thirteen-episode animated TV series in 2002; a sequel TV series called Happy Lesson Advance in 2003; and a second OVA series Happy Lesson: The Final in 2004.
 The Rivista italiana di economia demografia e statistica - RIEDS) (Italian Review of Economics Demography and Statistics) is a peer-reviewed journal published by the Italian society of economics demography and statistics. It is intended to provide a dissemination of researches in economics demography and statistics.
 NeuroImage is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on neuroimaging including functional neuroimaging and functional human brain mapping. When Karl J. Friston took over as editor-in-chief the journal was divided into four sections: Anatomy and Physiology Methods and Modelling Systems Neuroscience and Cognitive Neuroscience.[citation needed] Abstracts from the annual meeting of the Organization for Human Brain Mapping have been published as supplements to the journal.
 Inpress is a free weekly tabloid-sized music magazine (street press) that is released in Melbourne Geelong and Mornington Peninsula areas of Victoria Australia.
 Love/Knot is a Japanese yaoi manga written and illustrated by Hiroko Ishimaru. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint June on 25 February 2009. Not to be confused with the yaoi manga Love Knot by Ichijou Lemon
 The Sunday Mail is Brisbane's only Sunday newspaper. The Sunday Mail is published in tabloid format comprising several sections that can be extracted and read separately. It is available for purchase throughout Queensland most regions of Northern New South Wales and parts of the Northern Territory.
 Air Force is the newspaper published for the Royal Australian Air Force. The paper is produced fortnightly and is uploaded online so that members can access it when deployed overseas.
 The Siege of Shkodra is a book written by a Shkodran priest Marin Barleti (also known as Marinus Barletius) about the Ottoman siege of Shkodra in 1478 led personally by Mehmed II and about the joint resistance of the Albanians and the Venetians. The book also discusses the Ottoman siege of Shkodra in 1474. The book was originally published in 1504 in Latin as De obsidione Scodrensi. Barleti was an eyewitness of the events.
 Titanium Mike Saves the Day  is a science fiction short story published in 2007 by David D. Levine. It was nominated for the 2008 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 Casual peeps at Sophia is a collection of Essays and Addresses by Allama I I Kazi.The subjects dealt within these essays and addresses cover wide range of human thought embracingas they do Philosophy Religion History Poetry Art and Literary criticism.
 The Mystery of Banshee Towers by Enid Blyton is the last children's novel in a series of fifteen known collectively as The Five Find-Outers and Dog. The series ran from the mid-1940s to this one published in 1961.
 Scorpia is the fifth book in the Alex Rider series written by British author Anthony Horowitz. The book was released in the United Kingdom on April 1 2004 and in the United States on March 17 2005. The story begins several weeks after the events of fourth book Eagle Strike and up to nine days before the sixth Ark Angel.
 The Mathematical Magpie is an anthology published in 1962 compiled by Clifton Fadiman as a companion volume to his Fantasia Mathematica (1958). The volume contains stories cartoons essays rhymes music anecdotes aphorisms and other oddments. Authors include Arthur Clarke Isaac Asimov Mark Twain Lewis Carroll and many other renowned figures. A revised edition was issued in 1981.
 The Garden of Kama is a book published in 1901 and written by Adela Florence Nicolson under the pseudonym Laurence Hope and illustrated by Byam Shaw. The poems in the book were passed off as translations of Indian poets by a man and thus the book received much more attention that they would likely have done if she had published them under her own name. All of the poems in the book were original works none was actually a translation.
 Revolt on Alpha C is a juvenile science fiction novel written by Robert Silverberg and published by Crowell in 1955. It was Silverberg's first published book.
 Tales in Space is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Peter Crowther. It was first published as a trade paperback by White Wolf Publishing in April 1998. It was issued as a companion to Three in Space from the same publisher; the two books followed up a similar pair Three in Time and Tales in Time published in 1997.The book collects fifteen tales by various authors together with an introduction by the editor.
 The New Delta Review is a respected literary quarterly in the United States in print since 1984 and now with an online publication. The journal is published by Louisiana State University and has the second largest circulation of any literary publication in Louisiana.Recent contributors include many of the leading voices in international literature: Jennifer L.
 The Hamburger Abendblatt (English: Hamburg Evening Newspaper) is a daily newspaper in Hamburg Germany published by Axel Springer AG. It will be sold to the Funke-Mediengruppe effective 1 January 2014.
 Chetana (Gujarati: ચેતના 'Consciousness') was a Gujarati language monthly publication issued as an organ of the Praja Socialist Party in Surat India. It was printed at Arun Printing Press. Chetana had a circulation of 1000.Ishwarlal Desai was editor of Chetana and Vasant Dalal the publisher.
 Conspiracies is the third volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published in March 1999 by Gauntlet Press as a signed limited edition. A trade hardcover edition by Forge followed in February 2000.
 A Fairly Honourable Defeat is a novel by the British writer and philosopher Iris Murdoch.
 Lush is a young adult fiction novel by Natasha Friend published in 2006 by Milkweed Editions. It focuses on Samantha Gwynn a thirteen-year-old girl whose father is an alcoholic which lush is another name for. It was listed on the Young Adult Library Services Association's (YALSA) 2007 Quick Picks for Reluctant Young Adult Readers released by the American Library Association (ALA).
 B Gata H Kei (B型H系 Bī Gata Etchi Kei lit. Type: B; Style: H) is a four-panel manga series by Yoko Sanri. It was published by Shueisha and ran in Weekly Young Jump from 2004-2011.
 Sosiologi i dag (Sociology Today) is a Norwegian peer-reviewed academic journal within the field of sociology. It was established in 1971 and is published with support from the Research Council of Norway. As of 2010 Cecilie Basberg Neumann is editor in chief.
 The Art of Being Right: 38 Ways to Win an Argument (1831) (Eristische Dialektik: Die Kunst Recht zu Behalten) is an acidulous and sarcastic treatise written by the German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer in sarcastic deadpan. In it Schopenhauer examines a total of thirty-eight methods of showing up one's opponent in a debate.
 The Akhenaten Adventure is a novel by the Scottish writer P.B. Kerr. It is the first book of the Children of the Lamp series. It tells the story of John and Philippa Gaunt and their adventures when they find that they are djinn or mystical genies. The book was on the New York Times Best Seller list for children's books and received generally favorable reviews. It's sequel is The Blue Djinn of Babylon.
 Odprava zelenega zmaja is a novel by Slovenian author Slavko Pregl. It was first published in 1976.
 The Four-Headed Dragon is the 69th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 Mother Carey's Chickens is a novel by Kate Douglas Wiggin published in 1911 by Houghton Mifflin. It tells the story of a poor but happy family of four children who in spite of being fatherless make the lives of others better. Their home life becomes complicated when Julia a snobbish cousin comes to live with them. The Carey children suffer many disappointments (Gilbert must forego college for example) but Julia is transformed when she realizes happiness has little to do with wealth.
 Gilgamesh in the Outback is a science fiction novella by Robert Silverberg a sequel to his novel Gilgamesh the King as well as a story in the shared universe series Heroes in Hell. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1987 and was also nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novella in 1986. Originally published in Asimov's Science Fiction it was then printed in Rebels in Hell before being incorporated into Silverberg's novel To the Land of the Living. Real-life writers Robert E.
 Annahar (in Arabic النهار meaning The Morning) is an Arabic newspaper headquartered in Kuwait City Kuwait.
 Hitohira no Koi ga Furu (ひとひらの恋が降る lit. Falling a Piece of Love) is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Yuu Yabuuchi. This story is about a young girl who is dealing with the start of her love life with her boyfriend while she is growing up and discovering the hardships of a relationship.
 Sole Survivor is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz published in 1997. It is about a woman named Rose who is being pursued by a company called Teknologik.
 The Letterkenny Post (formerly the Letterkenny Leader) is a freesheet newspaper published by River Media in Letterkenny County Donegal. It was the first paper from River Media. The newspaper specialises in property motoring entertainment farming and fashion. Its offices are located at the Dry Arch Business Park Bonagee. The paper also publishes a free digital copy of the paper through its website.
 The Bean Trees first published in 1988 is the first book written by Barbara Kingsolver followed by a sequel Pigs in Heaven. The protagonist of the novel Taylor Greer a native of Kentucky finds herself in Oklahoma near Cherokee territory. The novel begins with a woman leaving an American Indian infant with Taylor. The remainder of the novel traces the experiences of Taylor and the child whom Taylor has named Turtle.
 The Vanished Man is a forensic crime mystery by Jeffery Deaver featuring the quadriplegic criminalist Lincoln Rhyme and his partner Amelia Sachs. It is the fifth novel in the Lincoln Rhyme series which began with The Bone Collector.
 The Life of the Cosmos is a 1997 book by theoretical physicist Lee Smolin. In the book Smolin details his Fecund universes which applies the principle of natural selection to the birth of universes. Smolin posits that the collapse of black holes could lead to the creation of a new universe.
 Catalina is a novel written by W. Somerset Maugham and first published by Heinemann in 1948. Set in Spain during the Inquisition the novel is a satire on the power of the church. It was Maugham’s last published novel.
 Home: A Memoir of My Early Years is a best-selling memoir written by Julie Andrews. It was published on April 1 2008 by Hyperion. Home tells the story of Julie Andrews' life up until 1963 when she left England for Hollywood to shoot Mary Poppins and is intended as part one of a two-part memoir. While it includes dark childhood memories of surviving the London Blitz and attempts by her step-father Ted Andrews to molest her the book overall presents a happy vision of Andrews' childhood.
 Tamil Tigress is a book by Niromi de Soyza (a pen name based on that of Richard de Zoysa) which tells the autobiographical story of a former child soldier of the Sri Lankan guerrilla army Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) and one of its first female fighters. This is the first narration of a Sri Lankan female guerrilla soldier to be published as a memoir in English. It was initially written as a diary while at boarding school after the author fled Sri Lanka.
 Tanequil is a fantasy novel in the High Druid of Shannara trilogy of the Shannara series by Terry Brooks. First published in 2004 the book takes place immediately after the events of Jarka Ruus and is followed by the novel Straken.
 The Indiana Business Bulletin provides weekly economic analysis forecasting and leading economic indicators to the business community media and policymakers. The website is published and maintained by the Center for Business and Economic Research in the Miller College of Business at Ball State University.
 Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae (佐武と市捕物控 Sabu and Ichi's Detective Memoirs) sometimes translated as Sabu and Ichi's Detective Stories/Tales and Sabu and Ichi's Arrest Warrant is a manga series by Shotaro Ishimori originally published in Weekly Shōnen Sunday beginning in 1966. In April 1968 the series moved to serialization in the first issue of Big Comic where it was published until the series ended four years later in the April 10 1972 issue.
 Whispers in the Night: Stories of the Mysterious & Macabre is a collection of horror suspense and science fiction short stories by author Basil Copper. It was released in 1999 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1100 copies of which 100 were numbered and signed by the author and artist. All but three of the stories are original to this collection. The others first appeared in the anthologies The Mammoth Book of Frankenstein The Vampire Omnibus and Horror for Christmas.
 3rd Degree is a crime novel written by James Patterson and Andrew Gross. It is the third novel in the Women's Murder Club Series And the sequel to 2nd Chance. The book was published on March 1 2004.
 The Batman Chronicles is a series of trade paperbacks published by DC Comics intended to reprint all Batman stories from Detective Comics Batman World's Finest Comics and other titles throughout the character's history chronologically (based on publication date) starting with his earliest appearances. Whether or not the series will collect the post-Crisis version of Batman as well remains to be seen.
 Ocean Sea (Italian: Oceano mare) is a 1993 novel by the Italian writer Alessandro Baricco. Its narrative revolves around the lives of a group of people gathered at a remote seaside hotel. The novel won the Viareggio Prize.
 The Curse of Lono is a book by Hunter S. Thompson describing his experiences in Hawaii in 1980. Originally published in 1983 the book was only in print for a short while. In 2005 it was re-released as a limited edition. Only 1000 copies were produced each one being signed by the author and artist Ralph Steadman. Due to Steadman's popularity the book contained a large number of his drawings and paintings. The book is now available as a smaller hardcover edition.
 Su Voz (English: Your Voice) newspaper was a weekly Spanish publication in South Jersey. Su Voz served Cumberland County & Atlantic County in New Jersey.
 Paul Sills' Story Theatre is a play with music adapted from fairy tales collected by the Brothers Grimm. It opened on Broadway at the Ambassador Theatre on October 26 1970 and closed on July 3 1971 after 243 performances and 14 previews. Directed by Paul Sills it featured Paul Sand Valerie Harper Richard Schaal Peter Bonerz Melinda Dillon Richard Libertini and Hamilton Camp.
 Apathy and Other Small Victories is an English novel written by Paul Neilan. Apathy follows the story of Shane a misdirected and hopelessly apathetic man in his mid-twenties. It has been compared to Benjamin Kunkel's Indecision.
 Choucoune (Haitian Creole: Choukoun) is an 1883 poem by Haitian poet Oswald Durand. Its words are in Haitian Creole and became the lyrics to the song Choucoune later rewritten in English as Yellow Bird based on the words ti zwazo (French: petit oiseau; little bird) from the Durand poem.Durand's inspiration for the poem was a marabou woman named Marie Noel Belizaire—nicknamed Choucoune—who ran a restaurant in Cap-Haïtien. She met Durand and the two had a romantic liaison.
 Uncle Otto's Truck is a short horror story by Stephen King first published in Yankee in 1983 and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 21st Century Game Design (ISBN 978-1-58450-429-0) is a book by Chris Bateman and Richard Boon. This book is part of the Game Development Series. It was first published by Charles River Media on August 29 2005.The main innovation of the book is the focus on demographic game design through the use of a new audience model for game developers and publishers.
 Qijian Xia Tianshan is a wuxia novel by Liang Yusheng. It was first serialised between 15 February 1956 and 31 March 1957 in the Hong Kong newspaper Ta Kung Pao. It is also closely linked to the novels Saiwai Qixia Zhuan and Baifa Monü Zhuan also by Liang Yusheng.
 Sputnik Sweetheart (スプートニクの恋人 Supūtoniku no Koibito) is a novel by Haruki Murakami published in Japan by Kodansha in 1999. An English translation by Philip Gabriel was published in 2001.
 Supply Business is a quarterly subscription magazine covering the procurement and supply chain profession aimed at senior practitioners. It is published by Redactive Media Group on behalf of the Chartered Institute of Purchasing & Supply and replaced a magazine called CPO Agenda.
 Getting Near to Baby is a children's novel written by Audrey Couloumbis that was awarded a Newbery Honor in 2000.In the novel the characters Willa Jo and Little Sister are dealing with their grief after the death of their baby sister after she was given carnie water. Their mother is unable to handle her own feelings of sadness while caring for the two girls and sends them to stay with her sister Patty. Aunt Patty has no children and her household is full of rules.
 The Daily Titan is the student newspaper published at California State University Fullerton in Fullerton CA.
 The Leopard Man's Story is a short mystery story by Jack London. It was first published in the August 1903 issue of Leslie's Weekly and in 1906 included in Moon-Face and Other Stories.
 Present at the Creation: My Years in the State Department is a memoir by US Secretary of State Dean Acheson published by W. W. Norton in 1969. It won the 1970 Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Night Without End is a thriller novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean first published in 1959. The author has been complimented for the excellent depiction of the unforgiving Arctic environment; among others the Times Literary Supplement gave it strongly favorable notices when it came out.
 Vara Vikrayam (Telugu: వర విక్రయం) is a famous Novel and Play with same name by Kallakoori Narayana Rao. It is based on a reformist social theme about the Dowry system prevalent in India.
 American Fairy Tales is the title of a collection of twelve fantasy stories by L. Frank Baum published in 1901 by the George M. Hill Company the firm that issued The Wonderful Wizard of Oz the previous year. The cover title page and page borders were designed by Ralph Fletcher Seymour; each story was furnished with two full-page black-and-white illustrations by either Harry Kennedy Ike Morgan or Norman P. Hall.
 The Merry Month of May is a poem by Thomas Dekker (c. 1572–1632) an English Elizabethan dramatist and pamphleteer.'The Merry Month of May' was a part of Dekker's play The Shoemaker's Holiday first performed in 1599.
 Trying to Save Piggy Sneed is a collection of short works by John Irving first published by Arcade Publishing in 1996. It features twelve writing pieces divided into three sections: Memoirs Fiction and Homage. The titles of the pieces are as follows:
 Btooom! (ブトゥーム! Butūmu!) stylized as BTOOOM! is a Japanese manga series written by Jun'ya Inoue and serialized in Weekly Comic Bunch and later in Monthly Comic Bunch. An anime adaptation by Madhouse aired in Japan on Tokyo MX from October 4 to December 20 2012 and was streamed with English subtitles by Crunchyroll. It has been licensed in North America by Sentai Filmworks.
 The Rio Grande Sun is a weekly newspaper located in Española New Mexico.In 2012 the newspaper was the focus of a documentary film titled The Sun Never Sets. The film was produced and directed by Ben Daitz and narrated by Bob Edwards.
 Glänta is a Swedish quarterly cultural magazine established in 1993. The magazine publishes articles about philosophy politics aesthetics literature art and history. The editorial office is situated in Göteborg Sweden. Glänta is a contributing member of the cultural magazine network Eurozine. Glänta is published by the economic association Kulturföreningen Glänta. The association also operates an independent publishing house under the same name.
 Flowers in the Attic is a 1979 novel by V.C. Andrews. It is the first book in the Dollanganger Series and was followed by Petals on the Wind If There Be Thorns Seeds of Yesterday and Garden of Shadows. The novel is written in the first person from the point of view of Cathy Dollanganger. It was twice adapted into films in 1987 and 2014. The book was extremely popular selling over 40 million copies worldwide.
 The Essex County Standard is a weekly newspaper published in Colchester Essex. As of January 2011 it has an average circulation of 16614 per issue. It is currently owned by the Newsquest Media Group part of the American Gannett Company.
 Think of a Number is the debut novel of John Verdon published in 2010. It is a detective novel about a retired New York City homicide detective named Dave Gurney.It is the beginning of a saga that continues with its 2011 follow-up Shut Your Eyes Tight.In 2012 a third novel in the David Gurney series was published entitled Let the Devil Sleep.
 The Candidate for Goddess (女神候補生 Megami Kōhosei) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yukiru Sugisaki. The series takes place in the distant future where human beings live among space colonies and a single inhabitable planet called Zion. The plot follows Zero Enna and his fellow candidates as they try to prove themselves worthy of piloting the Ingrids also called Goddesses.
 BCS: 50 Years is a review volume edited by Leon Cooper a 1972 Nobel Laureate in Physics and Dmitri Feldman of Brown University first published in 2010.The book consists of 23 articles written by outstanding physicists including many Nobel prize-winners and presents the complete theory of superconductivity - a phenomenon where the electrical resistance of some metallic materials suddenly vanish at temperatures near absolute zero.
 The Recorder is an American daily newspaper published Monday through Saturday mornings in Greenfield Massachusetts covering all of Franklin County Massachusetts. It is owned by Newspapers of New England which also owns its neighbor to the south the Daily Hampshire Gazette of Northampton Massachusetts.As the Greenfield area's only newspaper of record The Recorder is the primary source of local news in Franklin County.
 King of Ayodhya (2006) is the sixth and final installment of a six-part series of books written by Ashok Banker which chronicles the events of the Ramayana in a modern retelling of the Indian epic.
 Songs for the Philologists is a collection of poems by E. V. Gordon and J. R. R. Tolkien as well as traditional songs. It is the rarest and most difficult to find Tolkien-related book. Originally a collection of typescripts compiled by Gordon in 1921–26 for the students of the University of Leeds it was given by A. H.
 Brothers Conflict (ブラザーズ コンフリクト) also known as BroCon is a Japanese novel series created by Atsuko Kanase written by Takeshi Mizuno and illustrated by Udajo. It has been adapted into two PlayStation Portable video games by Idea Factory a yonkoma manga series and an anime television series. The 12-episode anime aired between July and September 2013 and is animated by Brain's Base. Funimation has acquired the North American streaming rights for the anime.
 La Libre Belgique (literally The Free Belgium) now sold under the name La Libre is a Belgian newspaper in French. In Belgium it is seen as roughly equivalent to the Flemish De Standaard. The paper is widely perceived as pro-catholic.
 Parineeta (Bengali: পরিণীতা Porinita) is a 1914 Bengali language novella written by Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay and is set in Calcutta India during the early part of the 20th century. It is a novel of social protest which explores issues of that time period related to class and religion.
 Question Quest is the fourteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 The Palm-Wine Drinkard (subtitled and His Dead Palm-Wine Tapster in the Dead's Town) is often considered the seminal work of modern African literature. It gained the Nigerian writer Amos Tutuola acclaim in the West and criticism at home.
 Myra Breckinridge is a 1968 satirical novel by Gore Vidal written in the form of a diary. It was made into a movie in 1970. Described by the critic Dennis Altman as part of a major cultural assault on the assumed norms of gender and sexuality which swept the western world in the late 1960s and early 1970s the book's major themes are feminism transsexuality American expressions of machismo and patriarchy and deviant sexual practices as filtered through an aggressively camp sensibility.
 Elfquest (or ElfQuest) is a cult hit comic book property created by Wendy and Richard Pini in 1978. It is a fantasy story about a community of elves and other fictional species who struggle to survive and coexist on a primitive Earth-like planet with two moons. Several published volumes of prose fiction also share the same setting.
 Hambone is a small literary magazine that has published major poets.
 Sega Pro was the first publication from Paragon Publishing and catered for the Sega consoles: the Master System Game Gear and the Mega Drive. Early editorial staff included Dominic Handy (editor) Les Ellis (games editor) Dave Perry (designer) James Scullion and Damian Butt as staff writers.
 Al-Mutamar is a daily newspaper issued by the Iraqi National Congress. [1] There has been some controversy after it was discovered that the United States was secretly paying Iraqi newspapers including Al-Mutamar to print possibly biased articles written by American troops and officials.[2]
 The Devil To Pay is a novel that was published in 1938 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel primarily set in Los Angeles United States.
 Saki (咲-Saki-) is an ongoing Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ritz Kobayashi. The story revolves around a first-year high school girl named Saki Miyanaga who is brought into the competitive world of mahjong by another first-year Nodoka Haramura. The manga has been serialized in Square Enix's Young Gangan since February 3 2006 and has been collected into ten tankōbon volumes in Japan as of December 2012.
 Nona is a short horror story by Stephen King first published in the 1978 anthology Shadows and later collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 My-Otome (舞-乙HiME Mai-Otome) is the manga counterpart to Sunrise's My-Otome series following a storyline different from that of the anime. It is authored by Hajime Yatate (original creator) Tatsuhito Higuchi (scenario) Hiroyuki Yoshino (scenario) and Kenetsu Satō (art). During its 44-chapter run it was published in Akita Shoten's Shōnen Champion with its first publication in August 2005 two months prior to the release of the anime.
 The American Statistician is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering statistics published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the American Statistical Association. It was established in 1947 and the editor-in-chief is Ronald Christensen (University of New Mexico).
 The Kobayashi Maru is a science fiction novel by Julia Ecklar based in the Star Trek universe.
 COLORS is a quarterly magazine about the rest of the world. Founded in 1991 it is published worldwide in six editions: Chinese/English French/English Italian/English Korean/English Portuguese/English and Spanish/English. Every issue of the magazine takes a single theme and covers it from an international perspective. It is produced at the Fabrica research centre in Treviso Italy.
 In the Heart of the Country (1977) is an early novel by South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee.Delving into the complex relationships that form between the colonizer and the colonized it takes place on an isolated farm in South Africa and is told through the perspective of an unmarried white woman who takes care of her father.
 Driving Like Crazy is a 2009 book by P. J. O'Rourke about the automobile. Its chapters include The End of the American Car The Rolling Organ Donors Motorcycle Club Getting Wrecked The Geezers Grand Prix and Call for a New National Park.O'Rourke uses wit to recount his childhood growing up in an automobile dominated family. He recounts his adventures driving cross country in the Baja the American West and the Indian subcontinent.
 Tupac Shakur Legacy is an official interactive biography of Tupac Shakur released on August 16 2006. The author of the book is Jamal Joseph a friend of the Shakur family and a former Black Panther Party member. The book is published by Atria Books a division of Simon & Schuster. It features unseen family photographs intimate stories and over 20 removable reproductions of his handwritten song lyrics contracts scripts poetry and other personal papers.
 A Woman in Amber: Healing the Trauma of War and Exile is a part autobiographical part fictional novel written by Agate Nesaule. The first half of the novel describes Nesaule’s experiences of exile from Latvia imposed by the invading Soviet army and her family’s emigration to the United States in 1950.The second half of the novel describes Nesaule’s experiences in the United States.
 The Guardian Weekly is a weekly newspaper published by the Guardian Media Group and is one of the world's oldest international newspapers. It has readers in 173 countries.[citation needed] It was founded with the aim of spreading progressive British ideas into America after the First World War.
 The Keep is a limited series written by American author F. Paul Wilson and drawn by Matthew Dow Smith published by IDW PublishingIt is based on F. Paul Wilson's novel The Keep. In the foreword to this work F. Paul Wilson answers the question of exactly why he scripted a graphic novel version: Because I consider this visual presentation of THE KEEP my version of the movie what could have been...what should have been.
 Rosemary's Baby is a 1967 best-selling horror novel by Ira Levin his second published book. It sold over 4 million copies making it the top bestselling horror novel of the 1960s.
 The Gift: Imagination and the Erotic Life of Property is a 1983 book by Lewis Hyde in which he examines the importance of gifts their flow and movement and the impact that the modern market place has had on the circulation of gifts.Part of part I A Theory of Gifts was originally published as The Gift Must Always Move in Co-Evolution Quarterly No. 35 in fall 1982.The book was re-published with the alternate subtitle: Creativity and the Artist in the Modern World in 2007.
 Centurion is a novel (ISBN 0755327764) written by Simon Scarrow published by Headline Book Publishing in 2007. It is book 8 in the Eagle series continuing Macro and Cato's adventures in the eastern provinces of the Roman Empire that began in The Eagle in the Sand.
 Procession of the Dead is a book written by Darren O'Shaughnessy (more commonly known by his pen-name Darren Shan) that was originally published in February 1999 in the UK under the name of Ayuamarca. It is the first book in The City Book Trilogy. It was re-released in March 2008 following Darren Shan's popularity under the new 'Procession' title.The Name Ayumarcan means Procession of the Dead in Incan language.
 Rushing to Paradise is a novel by British author J. G. Ballard first published in 1994.The novel relates the fictional tale of a small and eccentric group of environmentalists attempting to save the albatross on the Pacific island of St.Esprit from nuclear tests by the French government.
 The United Church Observer is a Canadian denominational magazine reporting on national and international issues of faith justice ethics daily living and pop culture. Although it was the official publication of The United Church of Canada for 60 years it is now a financially and editorially independent corporation. It has a paid circulation of 60000 copies distributed by subscription and newsstand sales.
 Mémoires d'Outre-Tombe (French: ''Memoirs from Beyond the Grave'') is the 42-volume memoir of François-René de Chateaubriand (1768–1848) collected and published posthumously in two volumes in 1849 and 1850 respectively.
 Ukala (Ang Walang Suko) meaning Ukala (The Unrelenting) [i.e. the one who doesn't give up] was a comic strip title in Philippine comics. The main character in the comic book story is Ukala. Ukala was created in the 1950s by distinguished Filipino illustrator Alfredo Alcala. Ukala the character was a Native American Indian or Amerindian.
 Kiss×sis (キス×シス Kisu×shisu) is a Japanese seinen manga written and illustrated by Bow Ditama. It began serialization in Bessatsu Young Magazine (now Young Magazine) on December 11 2005 and has since been published into twelve volumes by Kodansha. The series was later adapted into two animated series by Feel; a twelve-episode television show aired from April 5 to June 21 2010 by AT-X and an ongoing original video animation series since December 22 2008.
 American Knees is a novel written by Shawn Wong first published in 1995 by Simon & Schuster and currently published by the University of Washington Press (2005).
 Servants of the Wankh is the second science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai Planet of Adventure. Written by Jack Vance it tells of the efforts of the sole survivor of a human starship destroyed by an unknown enemy to return to Earth from the distant planet Tschai.
 Mean Streets is a 2009 anthology of four novellas featuring protagonists from four urban fantasy series. The book promotes the characters and authors to existing readers of genre as well as provides new readers to the genre a sample of each series. It was well-received as providing good intriguing stories consistent with style of each series.
 The Man with the Golden Touch (orig. Hungarian: Az arany ember lit. The Golden Man) is an 1872 novel by Hungarian novelist Mór Jókai. As Jókai states in the afterword of the novel The Man with the Golden Touch was based on a true story he had heard from his grand-aunt as a child.
 The Alva Review-Courier is a semi-weekly newspaper for Alva Oklahoma and surrounding areas. The newspaper was purchased in 1990 by Martin Broadcasting Corporation. The President is Lynn L. Martin and the vice-president is Marione E. Martin.The Alva Review-Courier is made up of two publications. The legal newspaper entered as second class matter at the U. S. Post Office is the Alva Review-Courier. It is published Friday and Sunday.
 Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain is a New York Times bestselling non-fiction book by American neuroscientist David Eagleman who directs the Laboratory for Perception and Action at Baylor College of Medicine.In Incognito Eagleman contends that most of the operations of the brain are inaccessible to awareness such that the conscious mind is like a stowaway on a transatlantic steam ship taking credit for the journey without acknowledging the massive engineering underfoot. Incognito remained on the New York Times bestsellers list from 2011 through 2012. 
 My Life with Dalí is the title of an autobiography by a French singer Amanda Lear first released in 1984 telling about her relationship with a Spanish surrealist painter Salvador Dalí. The book which had Dalí's full approval gave detailed insights into the lives of both the artist and his muse.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Jesus the Jew: A historian's reading of the Gospels (1973) is a book by Geza Vermes who was a Reader in Jewish Studies at the University of Oxford when it was written. It was originally published by Collins in London.
 Cheriya Manushyarum Valiya Lokavum (Small Men and the Big World) is a cartoon by the film director G. Aravindan. The serial cartoon was published in the last page of Malayalam weekly Mathrubhumi from 1963 to 1971.The cartoon dealt with the adventures of the central characters Ramu and Guruji mingled with political and social satires. Characters in the cartoon literally depicted the socio-political and cultural issues of Kerala with a very special satiric touch.
 Yaahting: A Parody was a 1984 parody of the boating magazine genre most notably Yachting. It was published by Dreadnaught Publishing a short lived Massachusetts based company.
 The Caves of Steel is a novel by Isaac Asimov. It is essentially a detective story and illustrates an idea Asimov advocated that science fiction is a flavor that can be applied to any literary genre rather than a limited genre itself. Specifically in the book Asimov's Mysteries he states that he wrote the novel in response to the assertion by editor John W. Campbell that mystery and science fiction were incompatible genres.
 Steppenwolf (orig. German Der Steppenwolf) is the tenth novel by German-Swiss author Hermann Hesse. Originally published in Germany in 1927 it was first translated into English in 1929. Combining autobiographical and psychoanalytic elements the novel was named after the lonesome wolf of the steppes.
 Politics Lost: How American Democracy Was Trivialized By People Who Think You're Stupid reprinted in 2007 as Politics Lost: From RFK to W: How Politicians Have Become Less Courageous and More Interested in Keeping Power than in Doing What's Right for America is a 2006 book by journalist Joe Klein on the loss of spontaneity and authenticity in American politics. The book begins by recounting Robert F.
 Convenient Lies is a novel by American author Michael Keenan. Convenient Lies is the second installment in the Junk Food for Your Mind series.
 Off Center is a collection of five science fiction short stories by Damon Knight. The stories were originally published between 1952 and 1964 in Galaxy If and other science fiction magazines. The first printing by Ace was bound dos-à-dos with Knight's The Rithian Terror as Ace Double M-113. In 1969 the book was re-issued in the UK by Gollancz with the title Off Centre; the novella was omitted and three additional stories were included: Dulcie and Decorum Masks and To Be Continued.
 Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers is a novel for children by the American writer Irwin Shapiro (1911–1981) set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of the legendary steelworker Joe Magarac who when a mill boss tells him that he needs $1000 to get his American citizenship papers goes on a working spree to earn the money. Magarac gets angry however when a U.S. Congressman tells him to go back to the Old Country where he came from.
 Invisible Chains: Canada's Underground World of Human Trafficking is a 2010 book about human trafficking by Benjamin Perrin. Perrin wrote the book after researching human trafficking for ten years. In Invisibe Chains Perrin recounts a variety of stories of human trafficking in Canada including that of the prostitution of a child in Ontario whose sexual services were advertised in the adult services section of Craigslist.
 The Vietnamese Gulag is the autobiography of the Vietnamese pro-democracy activist Doan Van Toai. The book focuses specifically on his arrest and imprisonment by the Communist Vietnamese government events which precipitated a change in his political belief from luke-warm communist to advocate of democracy.Writing in the New York Times Robert Shaplan said that the book is reminiscent at its best of E. E.
 Computational Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of computational linguistics. It is published quarterly by MIT Press for the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL). The journal includes articles squibs and book reviews.The journal was established as the American Journal of Computational Linguistics in 1974 by David Hays and was originally published only as microfiche until 1978.
 Beneath Nightmare Castle is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Peter Darvill-Evans illustrated by Dave Carson and originally published in 1987 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 25th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-032238-8). There are currently no announced plans to republish this book as part of the modern Wizard series.
 Sharn: City of Towers is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 The Art Of Seduction (2001) is the second book by American author Robert Greene. The book examines social power through the lens of seduction and was an international bestseller.
 The Biographical Dictionary of the Extreme Right Since 1890 is a reference book by Philip Rees on leading people in the various far right movements since 1890.It contains entries for what the author regards as the 500 major figures on the radical right extreme right and revolutionary right from 1890 to the present (publisher's blurb).It was published as a 418-page hardcover in New York by Simon & Schuster in 1990 (ISBN 0-13-089301-3).In the introduction Rees discusses his criterion for inclusion in the book. 
 Ima Sugu Oniichan ni Imōto da tte Iitai! (いますぐお兄ちゃんに妹だっていいたい! lit. I Want to Say to my Older Brother That I'm His Younger Sister Now!) also known as Imaimo (いま妹) for short with the tagline I wanna say that I'm not your brother right now! is a Japanese visual novel developed by Fairys a sister brand of Sprite the creators of Love Elections & Chocolate. It was released on December 14 2012 playable on Windows PCs and is rated all ages.
 The Gold Bug is a story by Orson Scott Card set in his Ender's Game universe. It tells the story of how Sel Menach steps aside as leader of a colony world to let Ender Wiggin take over as governor. It appears in Card's Webzine InterGalactic Medicine Show.
 The Sunrise Lands is a post-apocalyptic 2007 novel by alternate history author S. M. Stirling. It is the fourth novel set in the Emberverse series. The core of the story is based around a quest by the sons and daughters of all the main characters from the first trilogy to travel across the face of a changed America all the way to Nantucket.
 FANG is a Japanese manga series written by Akira Itō and illustrated by Yoshihiro Takahashi. The story is about a wolf-dog hybrid named Asukari and his owner Tachibana who fight criminals and terrorists together.
 A Dragon at Worlds' End (1997) is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Rowley. The book is the fifth in the Dragons of the Argonath series that follows the adventures of a human boy Relkin and his dragon Bazil Broketail as they fight in the Argonath Legion’s 109th Marneri Dragons.
 Firefight at Yechon: Courage and Racism in the Korean War is an autobiography by Charles M.
 Pride of Carthage is a 2005 a novel about the Second Punic War by American author David Anthony Durham. It was first published by Doubleday in the United States 2005. The book was translated into Italian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Spanish and Swedish.
 Winner Take All is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in July 1930 issue of Fight Stories. Howard earned $80 for the sale of this story which is now in the public domain.It is also known as Sucker Fight after being published under that name in the Winter 1939-1940 issue of Fight Stories with the authorship attributed to the pseudonym Mark Adams.
 Cleopatra is a novel written by Jeffrey K. Gardner first published in 1962. with a cover painted by Robert Abbett.The book is about Cleopatra ruler of Egypt. It explores her secret life and many loves including Julius Caesar and Mark Antony one of Caesar's supporters. The novel is described as a frank novel of a woman whose sensual appeal has never been equalled.
 K (also called K Project) is a 2012 anime series animated by the studio GoHands and directed by Shingo Suzuki who also serves as character designer for the series. It began airing on MBS on October 5 2012. The anime has been licensed by Viz Media in North America and by Madman Entertainment in Australia.A manga prequel called K: Memory of Red drawn by Yui Kuroe was serialized in Kodansha's Aria between May 28 2012 and August 15 2013.
 OK! is a British weekly magazine specialising in celebrity news. Originally launched as a monthly its first issue was published in April 1993. The editor from July 2013 is Kirsty Tyler associate editor Phil Gould lifestyle editor Natalie Posner acting fashion and beauty editor Natalie Ticehurst social editor Mark Moody picture editor Tarkan Algin. In September 2004 OK! publishers Northern and Shell launched in Australia as a monthly title – the magazine went weekly in October 2006.
 Alien Encounters is a science fiction anthology comic book published by FantaCo Enterprises and then Eclipse Comics. The comic debuted with FantaCo in 1981 and in 1985 was revived by Eclipse where (starting over from issue 1) it ran for fourteen issues until 1987.Eclipse began publishing the title soon after the cancellation of Alien Worlds a similar science-fiction themed anthology.
 Ethos is a biannual magazine published by the Serco Group. The stated aim of Ethos is to stimulate thought and provoke reaction to the big issues shaping the world of public services. Ethos is published both online every month and in print twice a year.
 Starslayer: The Log of the Jolly Roger was an American comic book series created by Mike Grell.
 Survival! is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1984. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Fantasy and Science Fiction If Imagination Fantastic Infinity Science Fiction Future and Venture
 The Plutonium Files: America's Secret Medical Experiments in the Cold War is a 1999 book by Eileen Welsome. It is a history of United States government-engineered radiation experiments on unwitting Americans based on the Pulitzer Prize–winning series Welsome wrote for The Albuquerque Tribune.The experiments began in 1945 when Manhattan Project scientists were preparing to detonate the first atomic bomb. Many of these experiments resulted in strong mutation.
 The Flaming Arrow is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Kathy Oltion and Jerry Oltion.
 The Rising Force by Dave Wolverton is the first in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The only novel of the series to be written by Dave Wolverton it was released on May 3 1999. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 Big Breasts and Wide Hips is a novel by Mo Yan. It won Dajia Honghe Literature Prize in 1997. The book tells the story of a mother and her eight daughters and one son and explores Chinese history through the 20th century.
 Medicine River is a novel written by author Thomas King. It was first published by Viking Canada in 1989. The book was later adapted (1993) into a television movie starring Graham Greene and Tom Jackson.
 Appaloosa (2005) is a novel set in the American Old West written by Robert B. Parker. A film of the same name based on the novel was released in 2008. Parker published a sequel Resolution in June 2008 and a third novel featuring the characters of Virgil Cole and Everett Hitch Brimstone in May 2009.
 Dear Enemy is the sequel to Jean Webster's novel Daddy-Long-Legs. First published in 1915 it was among the top ten best sellers in the US in 1916. The story is presented in a series of letters written by Sallie McBride Judy Abbott's classmate and best friend in Daddy-Long-Legs.
 The Time is Not Yet Ripe is an Australian play by Louis Esson. It is a political comedy and is Esson's best known work. It has since come to be acknowledged as an Australian classic was later published and is often revived.
 La Kabylie française was a French language radical socialist weekly newspaper published from Tizi-Ouzou Algeria. The newspaper was founded in 1885.
 The Great Soviet Encyclopedia (Russian: Большая советская энциклопедия or БСЭ; transliterated Bolshaya sovetskaya entsiklopediya) is one of the largest and most comprehensive Russian language encyclopedias in the world issued by the Soviet state from 1926 to 1990 and again since 2002 (under the name Bolshaya Rossiyskaya entsiklopediya or Great Russian Encyclopedia).
 The Hindoo Patriot (Bengali: হিন্দু পেট্রিয়ট) was an English weekly published from Kolkata in the later half of the nineteenth century. The Hindoo Patriot was a nationalist publication known for its active role in exposing the oppression of indigo planters in Bengal.
 The News is a Mexican English-language newspaper that is published in Mexico City five days per week Monday through Friday. With the exception of the five years between 2002 and 2007 the newspaper has published continuously since its founding on July 5 1950. It is owned by Mexican media company Grupo Mac.
 Textile History is a peer-reviewed academic journal first published in 1968 and published by Maney Publishing on behalf of the Pasold Research Fund. It covers aspects of the cultural and social history of apparel and textiles as well as issues arising from the exhibition preservation and interpretation of historic textiles or clothing.
 The Rhondda Leader is a weekly newspaper distributed in the Rhondda Valleys South Wales. The tabloid newspaper is published on a Wednesday by Media Wales which is owned by the UK's largest newspaper corporation Trinity Mirror. Part of the Celtic Weekly Newspapers series which publishes eight other titles in South Wales the Leader was founded in 1899.
 P2! -let's Play Pingpong!- (ピーツー レッツ プレイ ピンポン Pītsū Rettsu Purei Pinpon) is a Japanese shōnen manga sports series written and illustrated by Tatsuma Ejiri and serialized in the magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from September 2006 to November 2007.
 Child's Play is a novel by the British-Asian author Kia Abdullah and is due for release by Revenge Ink publishers on 4 December 2009.
 The Pregnant Widow is a novel by the English writer Martin Amis published by Jonathan Cape on 4 February 2010. Its theme is the feminist revolution which Amis sees as incomplete and bewildering for women echoing the view of the 19th-century Russian writer Alexander Herzen that revolution is a long night of chaos and desolation. The pregnant widow a phrase taken from Herzen's From the other shore (1848–1850) is the point at which the old order has given way the new one not yet born.
 The Quest of the Absolute (French: La Recherche de l'absolu) is a novel by Honoré de Balzac. The novel first appeared in 1834 with seven chapter-divisions as a Scène de la vie privée; was published by itself in 1839 by Charpentier; and took its final place as a part of the Comédie in 1845.
 We Can Remember It for You Wholesale is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1990 and reprints Volume II of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick replacing the story Second Variety with We Can Remember It for You Wholesale.
 An Imperative Duty is a short realist novel by William Dean Howells published in 1891. The novel explores the idea of passing through the racially mixed character of Rhoda Aldgate a young woman whose aunt informs her that she is one-sixteenth African American. Rhoda lived her whole life passing as a white person.
 Inqilab is a major daily newspaper in Bangladesh published from Dhaka in the Bengali language.
 The Golden Sabre is a 1981 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary. During the Russian Revolution of 1917 an American mining engineer and English governess flee across country.
 The Counterfeiters (French: Les faux-monnayeurs) is a 1925 novel by French author André Gide first published in Nouvelle Revue Française. With many characters and crisscrossing plotlines its main theme is that of the original and the copy and what differentiates them – both in the external plot of the counterfeit gold coins and in the portrayal of the characters' feelings and their relationships.
 The Day of The Sardine is a novel by the British writer Sid Chaplin. First published in 1961 it is set in a working-class community in Newcastle upon Tyne at the very beginning of the 1960s.
 The Hive is an original Star Wars novella written by Steven Barnes. It is set during the timeline of the prequel trilogy approximately 21 years before Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
 The American Gun Mystery (also published as Death at the Rodeo) is a novel that was written in 1933 by Ellery Queen. It is the sixth of the Ellery Queen mysteries.
 The Blind (French: Les aveugles) also known as The Sightless is a play that was written in 1890 by the Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck.
 Stormblade is the second novel in the Heroes trilogy of the Dragonlance novels. It was written in 1988 by Nancy Varian Berberick who also wrote many short Dragonlance stories for Dragon magazine.
 The Diamond as Big as the Ritz is a short story by novelist F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was first published in the June 1922 issue of The Smart Set magazine and was included in Fitzgerald's 1922 short story collection Tales of the Jazz Age.
 FrontPage Africa is a Liberian daily newspaper founded in 2005 by Rodney Sieh. As of 2012 it had a circulation of 1500. FrontPage Africa has received international recognition for its investigative journalism and the Christian Science Monitor called it the nation's leading investigative daily. The paper has run stories on teenage prostitution government corruption and an alleged rape by a police officer.
 Hormone Research in Paediatrics is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering paediatric endocrinology published by Karger Publishers and the editor-in-chief is Paul Czernichow (Hôpital Robert-Debré). It is an official journal of the European Society for Paediatric Endocrinology and the Sociedade Latino-Americana de Endocrinologia Pediátrica.
 The Saratogian is a broadsheet-style daily newspaper published in Saratoga Springs New York United States. The paper has been published regularly since 1855. It covers all of Saratoga County New York and specifically the city of Saratoga Springs.
 Knife of Dreams (abbreviated as KoD by fans) is the 11th novel in the fantasy series The Wheel of Time by American author Robert Jordan. It was published by Tor Books in the U.S. and Orbit in the UK and released on October 11 2005. Upon its release it immediately rose to the #1 position on the New York Times hardcover fiction bestseller list making it the fourth consecutive Wheel of Time book to reach the #1 position on that list. Knife of Dreams is 784 pages long including a glossary.
 True History or True Story (Ancient Greek: Ἀληθῆ διηγήματα) is a parody of travel tales by the Greek-speaking Assyrian author Lucian of Samosata the earliest known fiction about travelling to outer space alien life-forms and interplanetary warfare. Written in the 2nd century the novel has been referred to as the first known text that could be called science fiction.
 For the article on the postal system based in the People's Republic of China see China Post.The China Post is one of two English-language newspapers published in Taiwan (Republic of China) directly competing with the Taipei Times (a third paper the Taiwan News ceased printing in 2010). It was established by Mr. and Mrs. Y. P. Huang in 1952. According to The China Post circulation reaches over 400000 readers every day.
 CutBank is a literary journal that is affiliated with the University of Montana's creative writing program. The journal was founded in 1973 with the help of William Kittredge among others. It is the third incarnation of the magazine at the university. The first was founded in 1920 and called the Montanan which was later changed to Frontier. It awards the prestigious Montana Prize in Fiction Montana Prize in Creative Nonfiction and Patricia Goedicke Prize in Poetry.
 Le Nouvelliste is a French-language daily newspaper printed in Port-au-Prince Haiti and distributed throughout the country particularly the capital and 18 of the country's major cities.The paper was founded in 1898 by Guillaume Chéraquit originally under the name Le Matin to become Le Nouvelliste fifteen months later. Printing was trusted to Chéraquit's friend Henri Chauvet. Today Le Nouvelliste is Haiti's oldest and largest daily newspaper.
 Fair Stood the Wind for France is a novel written by English author H. E. Bates it was first published in 1944 and was his first financial success. The title comes from the first line of Agincourt a poem by Michael Drayton (1563–1631).
 Woods Runner is a 2010 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen that takes place during the year 1776. It is about a 13-year-old boy named Samuel living during the Revolutionary War whose house is burnt down by British soldiers. When Samuel investigates the scene of devastation he finds dead bodies. But none of the bodies were his parents. Samuel starts a journey to find his parents in New York. Along the way he saves a little girl named Annie and takes her with him on his journey.
 The African Journal of Legal Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering human rights and law issues in Africa. The founding editor-in-chief is Charles Chernor Jalloh (University of Pittsburgh School of Law). The journal is abstracted and indexed in ProQuest databases. The journal was established in 2005 under the auspices of the Africa Law Institut. Since 2011 (volume 4) it is published by Martinus Nijhoff Publishers.
 The Travel Tales of Mr. Joseph Jorkens is a collection of fantasy short stories by writer Lord Dunsany. It was first published in London by G. P. Putnam's Sons in April 1931 with the American edition following in September of the same year from the same publisher. It was the first collection of Dunsany's Jorkens tales to be published.
 Die Lösung (The Solution) is a famous poem by German playwright Bertolt Brecht about the uprising of 1953 in East Germany. Written in the Summer of 1953 it is critical of the government and was not published at the time. It was first published in 1959 in the West German newspaper Die Welt.
 Italian Shoes is a 2006 novel by Swedish writer Henning Mankell. The English translation is by Laurie Thompson and in contrast with Mankell's other well-known novels has been written in the first person.
 Horestes is a late Tudor morality play by the English dramatist John Pickering. It was first published in 1567 and was most likely performed by Lord Rich's men as part of the Christmas revels at court that year. The play's full title is A new interlude of Vice containing the history of Horestes with the cruel revengement of his father's death upon his one natural mother.
 Lik Amin Asah is a Mon language chronicle that strictly covers the legendary early history of its kings and founding of the city of Hanthawaddy Pegu (Bago). It was written in 1825 during the First Anglo-Burmese War.
 Nerikes Allehanda (shortened NA) is a daily newspaper based in Örebro Sweden and distributed across Örebro County. It was founded in 1843 as a weekly paper and became a daily in 1894. As of 2007 the newspaper has a circulation of 67600 copies making it the tenth largest in Sweden.
 The Problem Child is the third novel in The Sisters Grimm series written by Michael Buckley.
 Diamonds Are Forever is the fourth of Ian Fleming's James Bond series of novels. It was first published by Jonathan Cape in the UK on 26 March 1956 and the first print run of 12500 copies sold out quickly. Much of the background research undertaken by Fleming formed the basis for the non-fiction book The Diamond Smugglers which was published in 1957.
 Scarlet Dream is a collection of science fiction short stories by C. L. Moore. It was first published in 1981 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1820 copies of which 220 were bound in buckram boxed and signed by the author and artist. The stories feature Moore's character Northwest Smith. All but the last story originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 A Voz da Póvoa is one of the three main local newspapers of Póvoa de Varzim Portugal.Its current editor-in-chief is Ferreira de Sousa.
 Skinner's Room is a short story by William Gibson originally composed for Visionary San Francisco a 1990 museum exhibition exploring the future of San Francisco. It features the first appearance in Gibson's fiction of the Bridge which Gibson revisited as the setting of his acclaimed Bridge trilogy of novels. In the story the Bridge is overrun by squatters among them Skinner who occupies a shack atop a bridgetower.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 2 is a 1976 anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter.
 Pitcairn's Island is the third installment in the fictional trilogy by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall about the mutiny aboard the HMS Bounty. It is preceded by Mutiny on the Bounty and Men Against the Sea. The novel first appeared in The Saturday Evening Post (from September 22 1934 through November 3 1934) then was published in 1934 by Little Brown and Company. Chapters I-XV are told in the third person and Chapters XVI-XXI are told in the first person by John Adams.
 Katanagatari (刀語 Sword Story) is a Japanese light novel series written by Nisio Isin and illustrated by Take. The series is published by Kodansha under the Kodansha Box imprint. An anime adaptation by White Fox began airing on January 26 2010 and consisted of 12 episodes. The story revolves around the collection of twelve weapons that were created by a fictional swordsmith. A single episode of the series was aired each month. NIS America announced that they have licensed the series.
 The National Gazette was a Democratic-Republican partisan newspaper that was first published on October 31 1791. It was edited and published semiweekly by poet and printer Philip Freneau until October 23 1793.The National Gazette was founded at the urging of Republican leaders James Madison and Thomas Jefferson in order to counter the influence of the rival Federalist newspaper the Gazette of the United States.
 Featuring the Saint is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom in February 1931 by Hodder and Stoughton. This was the fifth book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint. It was the first novella collection to be published since Enter the Saint a year earlier.
 The Russian People is a 1942 play by Clifford Odets adapted from a Russian original by Konstantin Simonov.
 Short-Tempered Melancholic (かんしゃく玉のゆううつ Kanshakudama no Yuutsu) is a series of short stories written and illustrated by Arina Tanemura. Originally serialized in Ribon the five stories were collected and published in a single tankōbon volume by Shueisha in May 1998. It has been published by Viz Media in English in North America on August 5 2008.
 Legion is a 1983 horror novel by William Peter Blatty a sequel to The Exorcist. It was made into the movie The Exorcist III in 1990. Like The Exorcist it involves demonic possession.
 Losing You (2006) is a suspense novel by Nicci French.
 Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand is a book on contract bridge co-written by Canadian teacher and author Barbara Seagram and British author David Bird. It was published by Master Point Press in 2009.The book teaches novice bridge players some basic techniques of declarer play including suit establishment ruffing losers and the finesse.
 Shalimar the Clown is a 2005 novel by Salman Rushdie the author of The Satanic Verses and Midnight's Children. Shalimar the Clown was initially published on September 6 2005 by Jonathan Cape and has attracted significant attention comparable to his earlier publications particularly The Moor's Last Sigh and Midnight's Children.
 From Darwin to Hitler: evolutionary ethics eugenics and racism in Germany is a 2004 book by Richard Weikart a historian at California State University Stanislaus and a senior fellow for the Center for Science and Culture of the Discovery Institute. The work is controversial. Graeme Gooday John M. Lynch Kenneth G. Wilson and Constance K.
 Modern Healthcare is a weekly 70037-circulation business publication targeting executives in the healthcare industry. It is an independent American publisher of national and regional healthcare news.
 Destination Mars is a juvenile science fiction novel the sixth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1963 and in the US by Criterion Books in 1964. Also published in German by Schneider Buch as Der Chor der Verdammten (The Choir of the Damned) in 1983 and in Portuguese by Galeria Panorama in 1969 as Destino Marte.
 The Tampa Tribune is a daily newspaper published in Tampa Florida. In 1966 The Tampa Tribune along with sister properties WFLA-AM-FM-TV was purchased by Richmond Newspapers becoming Media General in 1969. The Tribune was a flagship newspaper under the Media General banner until it was sold in 2012. One of two major newspapers published in the Tampa Bay area the Tribune is second in circulation and readership to the Tampa Bay Times. The newspaper also publishes a St.
 King Leopold's Soliloquy is a 1905 pamphlet by Mark Twain. Its subject is King Leopold's rule over the Congo Free State. A work of political satire harshly condemnatory of his actions it ostensibly recounts Leopold speaking in his own defense.King Leopold raves madly about the good things that he says he has done for the people of the Congo Free State including the disbursement of millions on religion and art.
 The Makkal Osai (Tamil: மக்கள் ஓசை; The People's Voice) is a Tamil daily newspaper based in Malaysia one of only three Tamil-language dailies in the country alongside the Malaysia Nanban and the Tamil Nesan.
 The Advocate is a student newspaper for Kansas City Kansas Community College. The newspaper also maintains an online presence.
 The Goblin Gate (2010) is a young adult fantasy novel by Hilari Bell a sequel to her novel The Goblin Wood. The story picks up immediately after the end of the previous novel with young knight Jeriah trying to save his older brother Tobin from the goblins and the hedgewitch Makenna. After Tobin escorts Makenna to the Otherworld Jeriah learns his brother will soon die due to the magical nature of the world he has fled to.
 The Wild Irish Girl; a National Tale is an epistolary novel written by Irish novelist Sydney Owenson (later Lady Morgan) in 1806.
 Jordens Herrar is a 2011 book by Swedish author Pelle Strindlund.
 Trailer Life is a magazine dealing with recreational vehicles.Trailer Life was founded in July 1941 as Western Trailer Life in California. In 1958 Los Angeles advertising executive Art Rouse purchased the magazine. In 1992 Trailer Life Enterprises became part of the umbrella company Affinity Group Inc.
 Armies Of Death is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Nik Williams and originally published in 1988 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2003. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series.
 Lioness Rampant is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the fourth and last in a series of books The Song of the Lioness. It details the return of Sir Alanna of Trebond with the mystical Dominion Jewel and the final battle between her and her archenemy evil Roger of Conte.
 The Chimes: A Goblin Story of Some Bells that Rang an Old Year Out and a New Year In a short novel by Charles Dickens was written and published in 1844 one year after A Christmas Carol and one year before The Cricket on the Hearth. It is the second in his series of Christmas books: five short books with strong social and moral messages that he published during the 1840s.
 The Pride is an award winning British drama by Alexi Kaye Campbell that counterpoints two parallel love stories. In 2008 it premiered at the Royal Court Theatre to critical acclaim winning the Laurence Olivier Award under the direction of Jamie Lloyd and starring Bertie Carvel J._J._Feild and Lyndsey Marshal. It made its Off-broadway debut at MCC Theater in 2010 starring Hugh Dancy Andrea Riseborough and Ben Whishaw and directed by Joe Mantello.
 Little Dracula is a Welsh series of children's books and an American animated television series that originally aired on FOX. Little Dracula revolves around a green-skinned child vampire who aspires to be like his father Big Dracula yet also enjoys rock 'n roll and surfing. Little Dracula also has a monstrous friend named Werebunny and his Transylvanian family of strange characters is often threatened by the villainous Garlic Man.
 Dead or Alive is a political thriller novel by Tom Clancy and co-authored by Grant Blackwood featuring Jack Ryan. It was published on December 7 2010 alongside the unabridged audio book version read by Lou Diamond Phillips.It unites characters from Clancy’s fictional world including Jack Ryan (the former CIA analyst and president) his son Jack Ryan Jr. the latter's cousins Dominic and Brian Caruso and former clandestine operatives John Clark and Ding Chavez of the novel Rainbow Six.
 The Message is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the February 1956 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth is Room Enough. The Message tells the story of how the expression Kilroy was here came to be. A very short story it runs to 1½ pages in paperback.
 Eat to Live: The Amazing Nutrient-Rich Program for Fast and Sustained Weight Loss is a book written in 2003 by Dr. Joel Fuhrman which he revised in 2011. The book offers a formula: health = nutrients / calories.
 For the roller coasters formerly known as Turn of the Century see The Demon (Six Flags Great America) and The Demon (California's Great America)Turn of the Century is a bestselling novel by Kurt Andersen published in 1999.
 The King's Daughter (French: Jeanne fille du Roy) is a historical novel for young adult readers by Suzanne Martel first published in 1974. It follows the life of Jeanne Chatel one of the King's Daughters of New France in the seventeenth century.
 Small Group Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of social psychology dealing with the psychology and organizational behavior of small groups and communication processes within them. The editors-in-chief are Aaron M. Brower (University of Wisconsin) and Joann Keyton (North Carolina State University). It was established in 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Five Get into Trouble is the eighth novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1949.In this novel Dick gets kidnapped mistaken for another boy whose name is Richard. The Famous Five track him down to a lonely out-of-the-way house-but they are seized and imprisoned too...
 Wren's War is the final book in Sherwood Smith's initially published trilogy of Wren books. It is currently the final printed volume in the Wren Series with the sequel Wren Journeymage available exclusively in electronic form. As with the prior two volumes it is set in the east-of-the-Great-Desert region of that world.
 Greylands is a 1997 young-adult novel by Isobelle Carmody. It follows the story of Jack who in order to come to terms with his mother's death writes a story in which he enters another world where he confronts his fears and finds answers to his questions. In 2012 Greylands was self-published into an ebook and republished by Ford Street Publishing.
 Dalsze okolice is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1991.
 The Callistan Menace is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in the April 1940 issue of Astonishing Stories and was reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. It was the second story written by Asimov and the oldest story of his still in existence.
 The Someday Funnies is an exceptionally large and varied book of comics which was published by Abrams on November 1 2011.
 The Devils Lake Journal is an American daily newspaper printed in Devils Lake North Dakota. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The Journal is the official newspaper of Ramsey County North Dakota and has a modest circulation in northeast North Dakota.
 Software is a 1982 cyberpunk science fiction novel written by Rudy Rucker. It won the first Philip K. Dick Award in 1983. The novel is the first book in Rucker's Ware Tetralogy and was followed by a sequel Wetware in 1988.
 The Lady in the Morgue (1936) is one of the novels by Jonathan Latimer featuring private detective William Crane. The lady of the title is a female corpse which is stolen from a Chicago morgue before the dead woman's identity can be established.The book is to a large extent a send-up of the hardboiled school of crime writing. Crane is depicted as an ambivalent figure.
 How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe is a 2010 novel by American writer Charles Yu. The novel revolves around a search for a father and the father-son relationship. It also includes themes about life and how we live especially with respect to time memories and creation of the self.It was named the year's second best science fiction novel by the Center for the Study of Science Fiction at the University of Kansas —runner up for the annual Campbell Memorial Award.
 RoboCop Versus The Terminator is a four-issue comic book crossover limited series published in 1992 by Dark Horse Comics. It was written by Frank Miller and drawn by Walt Simonson. Details that were cut out of both the scripts that Frank Miller wrote for RoboCop 2 and RoboCop 3 mainly the detail on RoboCop's brain were used in the story.
 The Inventors is a children's novel co-written by Alexander Gordon Smith and his brother Jamie Webb. It follows the story of two best friends Nate and Cat young inventors who win a year-long scholarship at Saint Solutions a giant skyscraper. There under the eye of the world's greatest inventor Ebenezer Saint they are given free rein to invent whatever they want.
 The Rest of the Robots (1964) is a collection of eight short stories and two full-length novels by Isaac Asimov. The stories centred on positronic robots are all part of the Robot series most of which take place in the Foundation universe. Another collection of short stories about robots I Robot was re-published in the previous year which is why Asimov chose to title the collection as The Rest of the Robots.
 Ctrl.Alt.Shift was an initiative politicising a new generation of activists for social justice and global change. It was a project of UK aid and development charity Christian Aid.
 The Penultimate Peril is the twelfth novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket.
 The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs is the sixth book in Joanna Cole and Bruce Degan's The Magic School Bus series.
 The Ambler Warning is a Robert Ludlum spy thriller set in part on Parrish Island a restricted island off the coast of Virginia.Left as an incomplete manuscript by Ludlum's death in 2001 the author's estate hired an author and an editor to finalize the manuscript for publication in October 2005. Early sales placed it on The New York Times Best Seller List within a month of its release.
 The Crippled Tree is a history and biography by Han Suyin. It covers the years 1885 to 1928 beginning with the life of her father a Belgium-educated Chinese engineer of Hakka heritage from a family of minor gentry in Sichuan. It describes how he met and married her mother a Flemish Belgian his return to China and her own birth and early life. (She was born in 1917).A man's life begins with his ancestors and is continued in his descendants.
 Kadal Pura (Tamil:கடல் புறா) meaning Sea Pigeon is a Tamil language historical novel written by Sandilyan. The story is based on the ancient Tamil Kingdom. It was named after the fictional ship built by the Chola Commander Illayapallavan (a) Karunaagara Pallavan who later became King Thondaiman. The novel is about the Chola kingdom's invasion of Srivijaya (modern-day Malaysia and Singapore) and Kalinga (currently the state of Orissa).
 Honey and Clover (ハチミツとクローバー Hachimitsu to Kurōbā) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Chika Umino. It is also known as HachiKuro (ハチクロ) and H&C. It is published by Shueisha initially serialized from June 2000 to July 2006 in the magazines CUTiEcomic Young YOU and Chorus and collected in ten bound volumes. The series depicts the lives and relationships of a group of art school students who live in the same apartment building.
 The Village in the Treetops (French: Le Village aérien lit. The Aerial Village) is a 1901 novel by Jules Verne. The book one of Verne's Voyages Extraordinaires is his take on Darwinism and human development.
 Driftglass is a 1971 collection of science fiction short stories by Samuel R. Delany. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Worlds of Tomorrow The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction If and New Worlds or the anthologies Quark/3 Dangerous Visions and Alchemy & Academe.
 The Similkameen News Leader is a local and independently owned weekly newspaper serving the Princeton and Keremeos areas of the Similkameen Valley in Southern British Columbia since 1997. The paper's focus is on local stories.
 The Morning Leader is a Sri Lankan English-language newspaper. It is published by Leader Publications (Pvt) Ltd. Its sister publications are The Sunday Leader and Iruresa. The Morning Leader was founded by Lasantha Wickramatunge who was assassinated in January of 2009. It is known for its independent news coverage and it has faced arson attacks from men with complicity from the Sri Lankan authorities.
 The SIAM Journal on Numerical Analysis (SINUM; until 1965: Journal of the Society for Industrial & Applied Mathematics Series B: Numerical Analysis) is a peer-reviewed mathematical journal published by the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics that covers research on the analysis of numerical methods. The journal was established in 1964 and appears bimonthly. The editor-in-chief is Pavel Bochev.
 Among the Free is a 2006 book by Margaret Peterson Haddix about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation. It is the seventh and final book in the Shadow Children series.
 The Crockett Times is a weekly community newspaper serving Crockett County Tennessee.The paper was first published as The Crockett County Sentinel in 1873. In 1933 Leslie Sims began publishing The Crockett Times and merged the paper with the Sentinel (of Bells) and The Tri-County News (of Friendship). Published in Alamo it is the oldest continually operated business in Crockett County.The journalistic focus of the paper is on the people families and events in the county's communities.
 Nightmare in Pink is the second novel in the Travis McGee series written by John D. McDonald. In it McGee is asked by a friend from his military days to help his sister Nina in the investigation of her fiancé's death and the large sum of money involved. The book's title is a reference to the inclusion of hallucinogenic drugs as a plot device in the climax. Much of the action takes place in New York City and upstate New York a departure from McGee's usual haunts in Florida.
 Tarnished Heisman: Did Reggie Bush Turn His Final College Season into a Six-Figure Job? is a book written by Don Yaeger. The book details the alleged payments to former USC Trojans player and current New Orleans Saints player Reggie Bush while still a student in college. The book was released on January 15 2007.
 The Finkler Question is a 2010 novel written by British author Howard Jacobson. The novel won the Man Booker Prize.
 Black Friday (originally published in 1986 as Black Market) is an American thriller novel by James Patterson. The book was initially published in 1986 through Simon & Schuster and Patterson released a slightly re-written version of the novel in 2000 through Warner Books.The 2000 edition Black Friday was a New York Times Bestseller for paperback fiction.
 Homocore is an American anarcho-punk zine created by Tom Jennings and Deke Nihilson and published in San Francisco from 1988 to 1991. One of the first queer zines Homocore was directed toward the hardcore punk youth of the gay underground. The publication has been noted for popularizing the Queercore movement on the United States west coast.
 How It Began: A Time Traveler’s Guide to the Universe is a non-fiction book by astronomer Chris Impey that discusses the history of the universe with chapters ranging from the proximate universe to within an iota of the big bang. It was published as a hardcover by W. W. Norton & Company in 2012 and as a paperback in 2013.
 High-Opp (2012) is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert after The Dragon in the Sea (1955) but prior to Dune (1965). The novel was never published in his lifetime although many elements of the story were used in the novel The Dosadi Experiment sometimes word-for-word. It contains a forward by Kevin J. Anderson who co-authored many books in the Duniverse with Brian Herbert son of Frank Herbert.
 The Gazette (formerly the Near West Gazette and then Near South Gazette) is a monthly newspaper covering the Near West/Tri-Taylor University Village West Loop South Loop West Haven Bridgeport/Armour Square Chinatown Bronzeville West Town and Heart of Chicago communities of Chicago Illinois USA. Its circulation is 17000.
 The Three Trillion Dollar War is a 2008 book by Nobel Prize laureate Joseph Stiglitz and Harvard Professor Linda Bilmes both of whom are American economists.
 The Garden of Abdul Gasazi (ISBN 0-395-27804-X) is a best-selling children's picture book written in 1979 by the American author Chris Van Allsburg. The Garden of Abdul Gasazi was the first book written by Van Allsburg for which he won a Caldecott Honor Medal in 1980.
 Embers of War: The Fall of an Empire and the Making of America's Vietnam is a book by Cornell University historian Fredrik Logevall. It won the Pulitzer Prize for History in 2013. It also won the inaugural American Library in Paris Book Award and was a runner-up for the Cundill Prize.
 The Tri-City News is a bi-weekly community newspaper based in Port Coquitlam and published by Black Press and has been serving the Tri-Cities region of British Columbia's Lower Mainland since 1985.
 An Appeal to Reason: A Cool Look at Global Warming is a 2008 book by Nigel Lawson. In it Lawson argues that global warming is happening but that the science is far from settled. He opposes the scientific consensus as summarized by the IPCC. He also argues that warming will bring both benefits and negative consequences and that the impact of these changes will be relatively moderate rather than apocalyptic.
 Gone Tomorrow is the thirteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published on 23 April 2009 in the United Kingdom and 19 May 2009 in the USA. This is one of at least five Reacher novels written in the first person.
 Zadonshchina (Russian: Задонщина; could be translated as the region beyond the Don River) is a Russian literary monument of the late 14th century which tells of the Battle of Kulikovo in 1380.
 Da Jesus Book: Hawaii Pidgin New Testament is a translation of the New Testament into Hawaiian Pidgin. The book is 752 pages long and was published by Wycliffe Bible Translators in 2000. It was translated by a retired Cornell University linguistics professor Joseph Grimes who worked on it with 27 pidgin speakers for 12 years.Since it hit the shelves critics have tried to ban the book as an example of slang and a degraded form of English.
 A Splendid Exchange: How Trade Shaped The World (London: Atlantic Books 2008) is a book by American author William Bernstein.
 The Journal of Quaternary Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal published on behalf of the Quaternary Research Association. It covers research on any aspect of quaternary science. The journal publishes predominantly research articles with two thematic issues published annually although discussions and letters are occasionally published along with invited reviews. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 3.127.
 My Life in Orange: Growing Up with the Guru is an account of a child growing up in the Rajneesh movement led by Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh. The book is a firsthand account written by Tim Guest years after his experiences at the age of 27. The book was published in 2004 by Granta Books.
 Tasmania's Wilderness Battles: A History is a 2008 book by environmentalist Greg Buckman who has spent [his life] fighting Tasmanian environmental battles. The book looks at the wilderness areas of Tasmania which have been the focus of extensive conflict over environmental issues. Buckman presents a record of some of the significant events in that conflict primarily from the viewpoint of an environmentalist.
 L'Angoisse is a French play by Pierre Mills and Celia de Vilyars. The film rights to it were bought by Vernon Sewell who filmed it four times: The Medium (1934) Latin Quarter (1945) Ghost Ship (1952) and House of Mystery (1961).
 The Fiery Heart is the fourth book in Richelle Mead's Bloodlines series and was released on November 19 2013. It is told in both Adrian and Sydney's perspectives. As from the starting Sydney Sage an alchemist who been assigned to protect the Moroi princess Jillian Mastrano Dragomir from the assassins who would like to overthrow Lissa Dragomir the Queen of Moroi from her throne.
 Time Slave is a 1975 hybrid of historical fiction and science fiction by John Norman. In this book Norman presents his personal theories of human evolution exemplified by the case of a modern woman sent back in time twenty thousand years or more; he mourns the loss of human evolutionary fitness and distortion of natural social relations which in his view occurred when farming spread and farmers squeezed hunter/gatherers to the ecological margins.
 The Sunday Leader is an English-language Sri Lankan weekly newspaper published by Leader Publications (Private) Limited. It was founded in 1994 and is published from Colombo. Its sister newspapers are the Iruresa (Irudina) and the defunct The Morning Leader. Founded by brothers Lasantha Wickrematunge and Lal Wickrematunge the newspaper is known for its outspoken and controversial news coverage.
 Mr. Monk Goes to Hawaii is the second novel based on the Monk television series. It was written in 2006 by Lee Goldberg.
 The Colour Out of Space is a short story written by American horror author H. P. Lovecraft in March 1927. In the tale an unnamed narrator pieces together the story of an area known by the locals as the blasted heath in the wild hills west of Arkham Massachusetts.
 When Darkness Falls is also the title of a song by Killswitch Engage from their album The End of HeartacheWhen Darkness Falls is the third and final book of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory's Obsidian Trilogy.It is preceded by The Outstretched Shadow and To Light a Candle.
 Slavs!: Thinking About the Longstanding Problems of Virtue and Happiness is a 1994 play by Tony Kushner set in the USSR as it crumbles and during its later rebirth as a collection of independent states. The play has four acts beginning in 1985 and ending in 1992. The play premiered at the Actors Theatre of Louisville in Louisville Kentucky on 8 March 1994.
 God Bless You Mr. Rosewater or Pearls Before Swine is a novel written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. published in 1965. The plot focuses on Eliot Rosewater the primary trustee of the philanthropic Rosewater Foundation who one of the family lawyers Norman Mushari is attempting to have declared insane in order for a distant relative Fred Rosewater an insurance salesman from Rhode Island to gain control.
 The Myanmar Times (Burmese: မြန်မာတိုင်း(မ်); MLCTS: mran ma: tuing: [mjànmá táɪn]) is a weekly newspaper based in Bo Aung Kyaw Street Yangon Burma. It is published in both English and Burmese. The 40-page English version is published on a Monday while the 68-page Burmese version is published on a Thursday. The Myanmar Times was founded by Ross Dunkley an Australian and Sonny Swe (Myat Swe) from Burma in 2000 making it the only Burmese newspaper to have foreign investment.
 I Robot is a collection of nine science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov first published by Gnome Press in 1950 in an edition of 5000 copies. The stories originally appeared in the American magazines Super Science Stories and Astounding Science Fiction between 1940 and 1950. The stories are woven together as Dr. Susan Calvin tells them to a reporter (the narrator) in the 21st century.
 Barn Owl Review is an American literary magazine based in Akron Ohio. Barn Owl Review publishes poetry and poetry book reviews annually debuting each issue in the spring at the AWP conference book fair.
 And Chaos Died (1970) is a science fiction novel by Joanna Russ perhaps the genre's best-known feminist author. Its setting is a dystopian projection of modern society in which Earth's population has continued to grow with the effects somewhat mitigated by advanced technology. The novel was nominated for but did not win the 1970 Nebula Award.
 The Mount Airy News is a 6-day-a-week newspaper published in Mount Airy North Carolina. It was established in 1880. The News has a circulation of 9263 according to The Park's LIbrary List of North Carolina newspapers.It is one of four newspapers serving Surry County North Carolina The Tribune in Elkin and The Pilot of Pilot Mountain.
 The Encyclopedia of the Dead (Serbo-Croatian: Enciklopedija mrtvih) is a collection of nine stories by Serb/Yugoslav author Danilo Kiš. Combining history and fiction in what critics have seen as a postmodern fashion the stories (which have been compared to the work of Jorge Luis Borges) have helped cement Kiš's legacy as one of the most important 20th-century Yugoslav authors.
 Go is a semi-autobiographical novel by John Clellon Holmes. (Holmes referred to the book as a roman à clef.) It is considered to be the first published novel depicting the beat generation. Set in New York it concerns the lives of a collection of characters largely based on the friends Holmes used to hang around with in the 1940s and 1950s in Manhattan.
 The Story of the Malakand Field Force: An Episode of Frontier War was an 1898 book written by Winston Churchill; it was his first published work of non-fiction.
 2430 A.D. is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in the October 1970 issue of Think the IBM house magazine and was reprinted in Asimov's 1975 collection Buy Jupiter and Other Stories.Early in 1970 the author was commissioned by Think to write a story based on a quotation by writer and social commentator J. B.
 ¡Cu-cut! was a Spanish illustrated satirical magazine written in Catalan. Published in Barcelona between 1902 and 1912 it followed the political line marked by Francesc Cambó's Lliga Regionalista.
 The Game of Love and Chance (French: Le Jeu de l'amour et du hasard) is a three-act romantic comedy by French playwright Marivaux. The Game of Love and Chance was first performed 23 January 1730 by the Comédie Italienne. In this play a young woman is visited by her betrothed whom she does not know. To get a better idea of the type of person he is she trades places with her servant and disguises herself.
 Next Magazine is a gay lifestyle magazine published in New York City by RND Enterprises. Each month Next releases four issues that address topics of fashion life entertainment sex and LGBT culture news.
 The Samurai's Garden is a 1996 novel by American author Gail Tsukiyama. Many consider it to be Tsukiyama's finest work and an influential piece in Asian literature. The Samurai's Garden is usually included in required reading lists for high school students and is considered to be a prime example of using effective figurative language.
 Amateur Gardening is a British weekly magazine dedicated to gardening. It includes news advice feature articles and celebrity columns and interviews.The current editor is Tim Rumball. Notable writers for the magazine have included Alan Titchmarsh who also served as deputy editor Monty Don Charlie Dimmock Bob Flowerdew Anne Swithinbank Percy Thrower and Peter Seabrook. Among previous editors were Adrian Bishop Graham Clarke Peter Wood Arthur Hellyer and Shirley Hibberd.
 For a disambiguation of Cloak see: Cloak (disambiguation)Cloak is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by S. D. Perry. It is part of the Star Trek: Section 31 miniseries.
 The Minnesota Journal of International Law (Bluebook abbreviation: Minn. J. Int'l L.) is a biannual law review published by students at the University of Minnesota Law School. It covers the study of international law and policy.The Minnesota Journal of International Law was established in 1992 as the Minnesota Journal of Global Trade with Daniel L. M. Kennedy as founding editor-in-chief.
 Pulphead is an essay collection by the American writer and editor John Jeremiah Sullivan. Pulphead has been named a 2011 New York Times Notable Book a Time Magazine Top 10 Nonfiction Book of 2011 and one of Amazon's Best of the Month for November 2011.Sullivan's essay Mr. Lytle: An Essay which recounts his time spent living with a then geriatric Andrew Nelson Lytle won a 2011 National Magazine Award and a 2011 Pushcart Prize.
 The Draconomicon is an optional sourcebook for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game providing supplementary game material focusing on dragons. Different versions of the Draconomicon have been printed for different editions of Dungeons & Dragons. The book's name would loosely be translated to Book of Dragon Names as a reference to the Necronomicon.[citation needed]
 Hunter in the Dark is a young adult novel by Monica Hughes first published in 1982. It is about a boy with leukemia who goes on a hunting expedition.
 Grave Peril is a 2001 contemporary fantasy novel by author Jim Butcher. It is the third novel in The Dresden Files which follows the character of Harry Dresden present-day Chicago's only professional wizard.
 Zombie Hunter (死霊狩り Shirei Kari) is a dark and violent comic by a collaboration between Japanese writer Kazumasa Hirai and Korean comic book artist Yang Kyung-il.It is about an ex-race car driver who hunts down and kills zombies. The main character Toshio Tamura was once a grand prix champion who finds himself to be one of many people on a jungle island where he goes through a series of survival tests.
 The Stars Look Down is a 1935 novel by A. J. Cronin which chronicles various injustices in an English coal mining community. A film version was produced in 1939 and television adaptations include both Italian (1971) and British (1975) versions.The novel is set in 'Sleescale' a mining town on the coast of Northumberland as well as in 'Tynecastle' (Newcastle upon Tyne). While 'Sleescale' is a fictional locale it is based on an excellent knowledge of similar places and people.
 Kredu min sinjorino! (English: Believe me Madam!) is a novel originally written in Esperanto by Cezaro Rossetti. It is listed in William Auld's Basic Esperanto Reading List and was published for the first time in 1950 the same year in which Rossetti died.The book which the author dedicated to his brother Reto is an autobiographical novel which tells of his life and work as a travelling salesman and hawker.The book was translated into Hungarian by Sándor Szathmári (Tréfán kívül 1957).
 Vozrojdénie (Russian: Возрождение 'Renaissance') was a Russian language daily newspaper published from Paris France founded in 1925. The newspaper was anti-Communist and circulated amongst the Russian diaspora around the world. As of the mid-1930s its editor-in-chief was Julien Semenoff.
 Little Things is a short story by Raymond Carver. It was first published in What We Talk About When We Talk About Love under the title Popular Mechanics. It was then republished with the title Little Things in Carver's 1988 collection Where I’m Calling From: New and Selected Stories.
 TV Zone was a British magazine published every four weeks by Visual Imagination that covered cult television. Initially it mostly covered science fiction but branched out to cover other drama and comedy series.
 not to be confused with Art Monthly Australia.Art Monthly is a magazine of contemporary art founded in 1976 by Jack Wendler and Peter Townsend. It is based in London and has an international scope although its main focus is on British art. The magazine is published ten times a year (with double issues in the summer and winter) and is Britain's longest-established contemporary art magazine.
 Gazeta do Rio de Janeiro was the first newspaper to be published in Brazil. It was printed twice a week .It was pro government for the then Portughese rulers of Brazil.Its Editor was Friar José Tiburcio Rocha.It was renamed Gazeta in 1821 and shutdown after Brazil got Independence.
 Hamptons is a magazine founded in 1978 and published thirteen times throughout the year focused on real estate interior design fashion art culture dining entertainment fitness and philanthropy. The magazine is published by Niche Media and has an approximate circulation of 40000 – 50000 copies distributed all over The Hamptons.
 Physics in Medicine & Biology (PMB) is a peer reviewed journal concerned with the application of theoretical and practical physics to medicine physiology and biology. The first issue was published in July 1956.PMB is published by IOP Publishing on behalf of the Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine.
 World Competition is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering competition and antitrust policy and issues in law and economics in general from both a legal and economic point of view.
 Wyst: Alastor 1716 (1978) is a science fiction novel by Jack Vance first published by DAW Books. It is the third and last novel set in the Alastor Cluster a group of thousands of stars and planets ruled by the mysterious Connatic which may or may not be a part of Vance’s Gaean Reach.
 ACM Transactions on Information Systemsis a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on computer systems and their underlying technology. It was established in 1983 and is published by the Association for Computing Machinery. The editor-in-chief is Jamie Callan (Carnegie Mellon University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded and Current Contents/Engineering Computing & Technology.
 Bloodchild is a young adult novel written by British author Tim Bowler. It was originally published in 2008 in the UK. Bloodchild opens with a startling scene of visionary sensation. A boy lies dying in a deserted country lane. As he slips away he sees almost abstract blocks of colour as vivid and monumental as a Rothko painting.
 A Widow for One Year is a 1998 bestselling work of fiction by John Irving the ninth of his novels to be published.The first section of the novel was made into the movie The Door in the Floor in 2004.
 One for the Road is an overtly-political one-act play by Harold Pinter which premiered at Lyric Studio Hammersmith in London on 13 March 1984 and was first published by Methuen in 1984.
 Thesmophoriazusae (Θεσμοφοριάζουσαι Thesmophoriazousai; meaning Women Celebrating the Festival of the Thesmophoria sometimes also called The Poet and the Women) is one of eleven surviving plays by the master of Old Comedy the Athenian playwright Aristophanes. It was first produced in 411 BC probably at the City Dionysia.
 Karl Marx's Theory of History: A Defence is a 1978 book by Gerald Cohen the culmination of his attempts to reformulate Karl Marx's doctrines of alienation exploitation and historical materialism.
 Virus (復活の日 Fukkatsu no hi) literally Day of Resurrection is a 1964 post-apocalyptic science fiction novel written by Sakyo Komatsu. The film was adopted into a movie of the same name in 1980.An English translation was released in November 2012.
 The Rain God is a novelised family portrait by Arturo Islas of a Mexican family living in a town on the U.S.-Mexican border illustrating its members’ struggle to cope with physical handicaps sexuality racial and ethnic identification in their new surroundings.
 Lenins Weg ('Path of Lenin') was a German-language newspaper published in Soviet Azerbaijan. It was published from Helenendorf between 1932 and 1936 and in 1936 from Baku. Lenins Weg functioned as a republic-level newspaper for the German population in Soviet Azerbaijan.
 Achaikos Kyrix (Greek: Αχαϊκός Κύρηξ) was a newspaper that was founded in 1840 in Patras Greece. It claimed it was the first newspaper published there.[citation needed]
 The Tribune is a daily broadsheet newspaper that covers San Luis Obispo County California.It was created in 1939 from a combination of three newspapers founded between 1869 and 1905 and was later acquired by the E. W. Scripps Company. Scrips traded the paper along with The Monterey County Herald to Knight Ridder in 1997 in exchange for the Boulder Daily Camera.
 The Empty Envelope is a 1998 children's mystery novel by Ron Roy. It is the fifth in the A to Z Mysteries series following the sleuthing adventures of Dink Josh and Ruth Rose.
 The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette is the newspaper of record in the U.S. state of Arkansas printed in Little Rock with a northwest edition published in Lowell. It is distributed for sale in all 75 of Arkansas' counties. By virtue of one of its predecessors the Arkansas Gazette (founded in 1819) it claims to be the oldest continuously published newspaper west of the Mississippi River. The original print shop of the Gazette is preserved at the Historic Arkansas Museum in Little Rock.
 The Judas Goat is the fifth Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker first published in 1978.
 Only Fade Away is a 1954 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Yume Tsukai (夢使い trans. Dream Users) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Riichi Ueshiba. The series is a spin-off of Ueshiba's earlier manga Discommunication. It was made into an anime TV series produced by Madhouse that aired on some UHF stations and ABC Television.
 Mega Drive Advanced Gaming was as the name suggested a magazine that focused on the Sega Mega Drive video game console but would also cover the Mega-CD and 32X. Launched by Maverick Magazines around the same time as Future's MEGA in August 1992 with issue 1 cover dated as September 1992. Hugh Gollner publisher and owner of Maverick Magazines granted the magazine preservation project Out-of-Print Archive permission to scan edit and release the back issues of Mega Drive Advanced Gaming.
 Echrouk (in Arabic الشروق اليومي) or Ech Chorouk El Youmi (Arabic aš-šurūqu-l-yawmi The Daily Dawn) is a daily newspaper in Algeria published Saturday to Thursday in the tabloid format. It is the second-largest daily Arabophone newspaper (after El Khabar) started in 1991.The paper is independent and often critical of the government as well as strongly critical of the Islamist rebel movements which remain active after the Algerian Civil War.
 Handsome na Kanojo (ハンサムな彼女 Hansamu na Kanojo English title: Handsome Girlfriend) is a 9-volume manga created by Wataru Yoshizumi. It originally ran in the magazine Ribon from 1988–1992 and was adapted into an OVA in 1991. The story is a romantic-comedy. It is Yoshizumi's longest serialized manga so far and is one of her most popular works.The 9-volume manga also includes Yoshizumi's other works including her debut manga Radical Romance.In Indonesia the manga was translated by m&c.
 The Stand: American Nightmares is a five-issue comic book miniseries the second of five The Stand series by Marvel Comics adapting Stephen King's novel of the same name. It is be overseen by King written by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa illustrated by Mike Perkins and colored by Laura Martin.
 No Coffin for the Corpse (1942) is a whodunnit mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson.It is the last of four mysteries featuring The Great Merlini a stage magician and Rawson's favorite protagonist.
 Existere - Journal of Arts & Literature is a Canadian magazine that publishes twice a year at York University's Vanier College in Toronto Ontario Canada. The magazine publishes literary work poetry short stories articles book reviews essays interviews art photography and more from contributors around the world.
 Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins is a collection of two Tarzan novellas written by Edgar Rice Burroughs for younger readers. It was originally published as two children's books The Tarzan Twins by Voland in October 1927 and Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins with Jad-bal-ja the Golden Lion by Whitman in March 1936. These were brought together in November 1963 under the title of Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins in the first complete edition.
 A Ballade of Suicide is a ballade by G. K. Chesterton.
 Mr Meecher the Uncool Teacher is a strip in The Dandy written and drawn by Wilbur Dawbarn which made its debut in Issue 3516. Meecher's catchphrase is 'You can call me Trevor' but one of the running jokes is no-one ever does. He's always referred to as 'Sir' or 'Meech' by his class mates and 'Trevelyan' by his mother. He tries to be 'down with da kids' but always makes himself look more of an uncool fool by doing so.
 Acolytes of Cthulhu is an anthology of Cthulhu Mythos stories edited by Robert M. Price. It was published by Fedogan & Bremer in 2001 in an edition of 2500 copies.
 Night Whispers is a children's fantasy novel the third book in the Warriors: Omen of the Stars series. Written under the pseudonym of Erin Hunter three separate authors contribute to the story. Night Whispers was released on November 23 2010.
 The International Philosophical Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal edited by a group of academics at Fordham University with the collaboration of the Facultés universitaires Notre-Dame de la Paix. It was established in 1961 to provide a publishing forum for the international exchange of basic philosophical ideas and since then the journal has published over 3000 articles and reviews.
 The Mother Tongue (ISBN 0-380-71543-0) is a book by Bill Bryson which compiles the history and origins of the English and the language's various quirks. It is subtitled English And How It Got That Way. The book discusses the Indo-European origins of English the growing status of English as a global language the complex etymology of English words the dialects of English spelling reform prescriptive grammar and more minor topics including swearing.
 Nagayana is a Raj Comics summer 2007 - 08 crossover event. Nagayan depicts the alternate future of Nagraj and Super Commando Dhruva. First Comic of the series titled Varan Kaand was released in the June 2007. Nagayana was supposed to be finished by Diwali the biggest Hindu festival so as coincide with the story of Ramayana. This did not happen because Raj Comics has decided to release other comics in between as well and the series has been moved into 2009.
 Transport Phenomena is the first textbook that is about transport phenomena. It is specifically designed for chemical engineering students. The first edition was published in 1960 two years after having been preliminarily published under the title Notes on Transport Phenomena based on mimeographed notes prepared for a chemical engineering course taught at the University of Wisconsin–Madison during the academic year 1957-1958. The second edition was published in August 2001.
 The Blue Economy: 10 years - 100 innovations - 100 million jobs is a book by Gunter Pauli. The book expresses the ultimate aim that a Blue Economy business model will shift society from scarcity to abundance with what we have by tackling issues that cause environmental and related problems in new ways.
 Le Chevalier de Maison-Rouge'' (translated as The Knight of Maison-Rouge: A Novel of Marie Antoinette or The Knight of the Red House) was written in 1845 by Alexandre Dumas père as part of a series referred to as the Marie Antoinette romances. Set in Paris during the Reign of Terror the novel follows the adventures of a brave young man named Maurice Lindey who unwittingly implicates himself in a Royalist plot to rescue Marie Antoinette from prison.
 The Message of the Qur'an is a translation (into English) and interpretation of the Qur'an by Muhammad Asad an Austrian Jew who converted to Islam. The book was first published in Gibraltar Spain in 1980 and has since been translated into several other languages. It is considered one of the most influential Quranic Translations of the modern age.[citation needed]Asad meant to devote two years to completing the translation and the commentary but ended up spending seventeen.
 MONTECRISTO Magazine is a regional lifestyle magazine in Vancouver BC Canada. MONTECRISTO was launched in December 2008 by Canadian entrepreneur Pasquale Cusano who is also the founder and publisher of NUVO (magazine).
 The Twin (Boven is het stil) is a novel by Dutch writer Gerbrand Bakker. It won the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award in 2010 making Bakker the first Dutch writer to win the award one of the world's richest literary awards with a €100000 prize. Boven is het stil was published in 2006 and The Twin followed in 2008. The novel was translated from Dutch by David Colmer.
 Men's World is a British soft-core pornographic magazine founded in 1988. It is released every four weeks and its content mostly consists of nude pictorials of well-known erotic and pornographic actresses. American models feature frequently and well-known names like Aria Giovanni Erica Campbell Devon and Veronika Zemanová have been cover girls in the past. Probably the most popular model has been Joanne Guest who was featured every month for quite a time.
 The Journal of the British Astronomical Association is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of astronomy published by the British Astronomical Association since October 1890. It is edited by Hazel McGee and publishes original research articles as well news items relevant to the association and the proceedings of association meetings. Letters to the editor book reviews and obituaries are also published.
 The Machine Stops is a science fiction short story (12300 words) by E. M. Forster. After initial publication in The Oxford and Cambridge Review (November 1909) the story was republished in Forster's The Eternal Moment and Other Stories in 1928. After being voted one of the best novellas up to 1965 it was included that same year in the populist anthology Modern Short Stories. In 1973 it was also included in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume Two.
 The Aldine was an a monthly arts magazine published in New York in the 1800s.
 The New Sabah Times is a newspaper in Sabah Malaysia. It was first known as the Sabah Times when it was founded in 1949 by Donald Stephens. He later became Sabah's first Chief Minister when Sabah gained independence from the United Kingdom. He was also awarded the title Tun as a reward for his service.In 1954 the Sabah Times combined with the North Borneo News and became the North Borneo News & Sabah Times.
 Syntactic Structures is a book in linguistics by American linguist Noam Chomsky first published in 1957. A seminal work in 20th-century linguistics it laid the foundation of Chomsky's idea of transformational grammar. It contains the famous sentence Colorless green ideas sleep furiously which Chomsky offered as an example of a sentence that is completely grammatical yet completely nonsensical.
 The American Journal of Archaeology (AJA) the peer-reviewed journal of the Archaeological Institute of America has been published since 1897 (continuing the American Journal of Archaeology and of the History of the Fine Arts founded by the institute in 1885). The publication was co-founded in 1885 by Princeton University professors Arthur Frothingham and Allan Marquand.
 Terrain.org: A Journal of the Built + Natural Environments is a triannual online journal publishing editorials poetry essays fiction articles reviews an interview the ARTerrain gallery and the Unsprawl case study in each issue. Terrain.org publishes two theme-based and two non-themed issues per year plus hosts an annual contest in fiction nonfiction and poetry.Terrain.org was founded in 1997 by Simmons Buntin and Todd Ziebarth.
 Big Comic Original (ビッグコミックオリジナル Biggu Komikku Orijinaru) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Shogakukan aimed at an older adult and mostly male audience. It is a sister magazine to Big Comic the biggest difference being that it goes on sale twice a month in the weeks Big Comic doesn't. Cover artwork usually features a dog or cat and a haiku.
 Charlton Spotlight is a US magazine that explores the history of the Charlton Comics Group. It is published by Argo Press. Its publisher/editor is Michael Ambrose. The first issue was published in fall 2000 and seven issues have come out so far the latest (No.7) cover dated winter-spring 2011-12.Charlton Comics veterans have been profiled in tribute issues. Pat Boyette (No.1-2) Tom Sutton (No.3) Pete Morisi (PAM) (No.4) and Dick Giordano (No.7) were honored posthumously.
 Bass Guitar is a UK-based music magazine established in 2003 and continuing to the present day (see www.bassguitarmagazine.com). The magazine was originally a bi-monthly publication until 2009 when it became monthly. The magazine includes interviews features album and gear reviews.
 Golos Truda (Russian: Голос Труда English: The Voice of Labour) was a Russian-language anarcho-syndicalist newspaper. Founded by working-class Russian expatriates in New York in 1911 Golos Truda shifted to Petrograd during the Russian Revolution in 1917 when its editors took advantage of the general amnesty and right of return for political dissidents.
 Daily Science Fiction is an email and online magazine devoted to publishing science fiction stories that was founded in 2010. Per the title it is a daily publication publishing each weekday edited by Jonathan Laden and Michele Barasso. Daily Science Fiction is a professional paying market.
 Aim for the Ace! (Japanese: エースをねらえ! Hepburn: Ēsu o Nerae!) is a sports shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Sumika Yamamoto. The series tells the story of Hiromi Oka a high school student who wants to become a professional tennis player as she struggles against mental weakness anxiety and thwarted love.It was originally serialized in Shueisha's Margaret from January 1973 to February 1980. Later Shueisha collected the chapters and published them in 18 tankōbon volumes.
 Hormones and Brain Differentiation is a 1976 book about homosexuality by Günter Dörner.
 Lust Caution (Chinese: 色，戒; pinyin: Sè Jiè) is a novella by the Chinese writer Eileen Chang first published in 1979. It is set in Shanghai Republic of China during World War II. Reportedly the short story took Chang more than two decades to complete.
 Barassi is a play by the Australian playwright Tee O'Neill which tells the story of football legend Ron Barassi. It was published by Currency Press in 2012.
 The Oxford Book of Science Fiction Stories is a book of science fiction stories edited by Tom Shippey reissued in 2003.
 The Laughing Policeman (1968) by Sjöwall and Wahlöö is the fourth police detective novel in the ten-part Martin Beck series. Originally published in Sweden in 1968 as Den skrattande polisen it is the first novel in the series to criticize the shortcomings of the Swedish welfare state.[citation needed] In 1971 The Laughing Policeman earned a 'Best Novel' Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America.
 Joseph Anton: A Memoir is an autobiographical book by the British Indian writer Salman Rushdie. It was published in September 2012 by Random House.Rushdie used Joseph Anton as a pseudonym while in hiding following the fatwa that had been issued by Ayatollah Khomeini the spiritual and political leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the midst of criticism by some Muslims and a widespread controversy over Rushdie's novel The Satanic Verses (1988).
 Arresting God in Kathmandu is the debut book by Nepali-American author Samrat Upadhyay. It is a collection of nine short stories that provide a glimpse into everyday life in Kathmandu Nepal. Published in 2001 Arresting God in Kathmandu was awarded the Whiting Writers' Award for fiction.
 Rogues in the House is a 1976 collection of two fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 1976 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. as volume VI of their deluxe Conan set. The title story originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales. The Frost–Giant's Daughter is the original version of the story that first appeared edited by L. Sprague de Camp in the magazine Fantasy Fiction.
 The Radiant Seas is a novel from the Saga of the Skolian Empire series of books by Catherine Asaro. The book continues where Primary Inversion ended and centers on the story of the devastating interstellar Radiance War.
 A Man Without a Country (subtitle: A Memoir Of Life In George W Bush's America) is an essay collection published in 2005 by the author Kurt Vonnegut. The extremely short essays that make up this book deal with topics ranging from the importance of humor to problems with modern technology to Vonnegut's opinions on the differences between men and women.
 Pod svobodnim soncem is a novel by Slovenian author Fran Saleški Finžgar. It was first published as a book in 1912.
 The Journal of Private Equity is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering strategies and techniques in private equity and venture capital investing from seed capital and early state investing to mezzanine investing and later-stage financing. The editor-in-chief is F. John Mathis (Thunderbird School of Global Management).
 Deathrealms is an anthology of horror science-fiction and dark fantasy short stories collected from the award-winning Deathrealm magazine edited by Stephen Mark Rainey. The anthology was released in 2004 by Delirium Books in an edition of approximately 350 copies. The anthology is now out of print.
 Shinmai Maō no Testament (新妹魔王の契約者 Shinmai Maō no Tesutamento officially translated as The Testament of Sister New Devil) is a Japanese light novel series by Tetsuto Uesu with illustrations by Nekosuke Ōkuma. Four volumes have been published by Kadokawa Shoten since 2012 under their Kadokawa Sneaker Bunko imprint.
 Permutation City is a 1994 science fiction novel by Greg Egan that explores many concepts including quantum ontology via various philosophical aspects of artificial life and simulated reality. Sections of the story were adapted from Egan's 1992 short story Dust which dealt with many of the same philosophical themes. Permutation City won the John W. Campbell Award for the best science-fiction novel of the year in 1995 and was nominated for the Philip K. Dick Award that same year.
 The University Daily Kansan is an editorially and financially independent student newspaper serving the University of Kansas. It was founded in 1904.Its distribution is currently only within the university's campus. It is published daily during the spring and fall semesters and weekly during the summer months. Its circulation is about 12000. The Kansan also includes a weekly lifestyle magazine named Jayplay.Its online counterpart Kansan.com began operation on the Web in Fall 1996.
 The Annals of Functional Analysis is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by the Tusi Mathematical Research Group. The journal was established in 2009 and covers functional analysis and operator theory. It is indexed by Science Citation Index Expanded Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. AFA has been accorded an MCQ-2012 of 0.36 by MathSciNet (All Journal MCQ is 0.35).
 Buyology: Truth and Lies About Why We Buy (2008) is a bestselling book by Martin Lindstrom in which he analyzes what makes people buy. The author attempts to identify the factors that influence buyers' decisions in a world cluttered with messages such advertisements slogans jingle and celebrity endorsements. Lindstrom through a study of the human psyche explains the subconscious mind and its role in deciding what the buyer will buy.
 The Northern Advocate is the regional daily paper for the city of Whangarei and the Northland Region.
 Raven: The Untold Story of the Rev. Jim Jones and His People details the life and ultimate demise of Jim Jones and the Peoples Temple. Written by journalist Tim Reiterman the book reviews the history of the Peoples Temple. The book includes numerous interviews audio tapes and documents among its hundreds of sources.
 Mama Loves the Poyopoyo-Saurus (Japanese: ママはぽよぽよザウルスがお好き Hepburn: Mama wa Poyopoyo-Zaurusu ga Osuki) is a yonkoma manga series by Takako Aonuma which ran in the Fujinseikatsusha child-raising magazine Petit Enfant. The manga was adapted to a 52-episode anime TV series which ran on the MBS and TBS networks (except for TV Yamaguchi) from September 2 1995 through August 31 1996.
 The Ruling Class is a teen novel by Francine Pascal released in 2004.
 Gianni and the Ogre is a 1971 anthology of 18 fairy tales that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders. This book was first published in the United Kingdom in 1970 by Methuen & Co. Ltd.According to the dust jacket all of the tales originated in the Mediterranean and the author's tales create a lively fantasy world of kings and princesses witches and dwarfs fairies and fools.
 Growing Pains is the title of Billie Piper's autobiography released 19 October 2006 by Hodder & Stoughton.Piper signed a six-figure contract with publishers Hodder & Stoughton to write her autobiography Growing Pains which was released in the autumn of 2006.
 The Times West Virginian is seven-day morning daily newspaper based in Fairmont West Virginia and also covering the city of Bridgeport West Virginia and surrounding communities in Marion Monongalia Taylor and Harrison counties West Virginia.Thomson Newspapers purchased the Times West Virginian in 1963; when Thomson left the newspaper business in 2000 the paper was sold to current owner Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 For the history of the Jews in the United States see History of the Jews in the United States.American Jewish History is an academic journal and the official publication of the American Jewish Historical Society. The journal was established in 1892 and focuses on all aspects of the history of Jews in the United States. The journal was formerly titled Publications of the American Jewish Historical Society and American Jewish Historical Quarterly.
 Tramp Royale is a nonfiction travelogue by science fiction writer Robert A. Heinlein describing how he and his wife Ginny went around the world by ship and plane between 1953–1954. It was published posthumously in 1992 and subsequently went out of print.Much of the book is devoted to social and political commentary and observation including two lengthy but half-hearted defenses of the McCarthy hearings about which the Heinleins were interrogated repeatedly in the countries they visited.
 Toxicology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the adverse effects of xenobiotics on the health of humans and other animals. It is affiliated with the German Toxicology Society.
 CLUTCH was a literary magazine begun in 1991 by co-editors Daniel Hodge and Lawrence Oberc in Lexington Kentucky.The magazine grew out of the editors' interests and experiences in the subculture of alternative presses and little magazines as well as their previous experience in working on the staffs of literary journals at the University of Kentucky.
 Melodymag (a contraction of Melody Magazine) is a Persian online music magazine that consists of an image gallery multimedia content and Radio Melody. Melodymag covers Iranian and World music news and introduces Iranian and World musicians singers and bands.MelodyMag established on January 5 2010 as a music magazine.
 The Gangster We Are All Looking For is the first-novel by Vietnamese-American author lê thi diem thúy published in 2003. It was first published as a short piece in The Best American Essays of 1997 and was also awarded a Pushcart Prize “Special Mention.”The novel is a fragmented sequence of events recollected by a nameless narrator. In a first-person narrative the narrator tells the stories of her past experiences as a Vietnamese immigrant.
 Miami Guns (マイアミ☆ガンズ Maiami Ganzu) is a manga and anime series. The anime takes place in Miami City which is similar to Miami Florida except for several locale changes. It's mainly about the life of two female Miami City police officers having to stop crimes before they get worse. The setting thus has some similarities to that of the popular TV show Miami Vice.
 A Place Called Freedom is a work of historical fiction by Ken Follett. Set in 1767 it follows the adventures of an idealistic young coal miner from Scotland who believes there must be more to life than working down the pit. The miner Mack McAsh eventually runs away in order to find work and a new life in London. Eventually McAsh becomes a leader amongst the working classes of the city and becomes a target for those vested interest groups who do not share his point of view.
 Relatively Speaking is a play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn originally titled Meet My Father his first play to be a major success.
 Writing FAST: How to Write Anything with Lightning Speed is a non-fiction book by Jeff Bollow first published in Australia in 2004 which briefly became a best-seller on the Amazon.com charts in 2005.The book targets new and intermediate writers and distills the writing process into four parts - Focus Apply Strengthen Tweak - which form the FAST acronym of the title.In the Focus phase writers grasp and shape their concept.In the Apply phase writers speed write to fill pages as quickly as possible.In the Strengthen phase writers edit and shape the work.And in the Tweak phase writers polish their prose to enhance the read.The book's tone is conversational and motivational.
 The Kabocha Wine (Theかぼちゃワイン The Kabocha Wain trans. The Pumpkin Wine) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mitsuru Miura. It was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1981 to 1984. The Kabocha Wine received the 1983 Kodansha Manga Award for the shōnen category.The sequel to the manga The Kabocha Wine - Sequel (The かぼちゃワイン sequel lit.
 The Journal of Clinical Epidemiology is a peer reviewed journal of Epidemiology that promotes the quality of clinical and patient-oriented health services research through the advancement and application of innovative methods of : Conducting and presenting primary research;Synthesizing research results;Disseminating results; andTranslating results into optimal clinical practice;With special attention to the training of new generations of scientists and clinical practice leaders.The journal was first published in 1955 as a follow-up to Harry S. 
 Gordon R. Dickson's SF Best is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Dell in 1978 and was edited by James R. Frenkel. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact Fantasy and Science Fiction Satellite and If.
 The Chimney Sweeper's Boy is a novel by Barbara Vine pseudonym of British author Ruth Rendell.
 Warcraft: The Last Guardian is a novel by Jeff Grubb set in the Warcraft Universe. It is considered to be the third novel despite the e-book Warcraft: Of Blood and Honor being released first. The story of Warcraft: The Last Guardian is about Medivh the last guardian of Azeroth his new apprentice Khadgar and Medivh's fall from grace during the events of the First War.
 The Bear and the Dragon is a political thriller novel by Tom Clancy featuring Jack Ryan. It was published in 2000. The title refers to the Russian Bear and the Chinese Dragon.
 O mar na Lajinha is a Capeverdean novel published in 2004 by Germano Almeida. The story is about a group of people meeting regularly for a swim at the Lajinha beach on the island of São Vicente.
 A Tale of the White Pyramid is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published on 22 December 1892 in The Hesperian.
 Vanitha is an Indian magazine published fortnightly by the Malayala Manorama group. Although its name translates to woman in Malayalam it includes articles on a variety of topics and is not strictly a women's magazine. Vanitha was launched in 1975 as a monthly but turned into a fortnightly in 1987. The magazine was founded by Annamma Mathew wife of K.M. Mathew a woman who has contributed immensely in the fields of social service cookery journalism and literature.
 The Piano Lesson is a 1990 play by American playwright August Wilson. The Piano Lesson is the fourth play in Wilson's The Pittsburgh Cycle. Wilson began writing this play by playing with the various answers regarding the possibility of acquir[ing] a sense of self-worth by denying one's past.
 ttyl is a young adult novel written by Lauren Myracle and is also the first book in the 'Internet Girls' series. In 2004 it gained attention for being the first novel written entirely in the style of instant messaging conversation. The novel was a New York Times Publishers Weekly and a Book Sense bestseller. ttyl is internet slang for Talk to you later.
 The Robber Bride is a Margaret Atwood novel first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1993. Set in present-day Toronto Ontario the novel begins with three women (Roz Charis and Tony) who meet once a month in a restaurant to share a meal.
 Voices United (VU) the Hymn and Worship book of the United Church of Canada is a Christian music resource. Voices United was produced in conjunction with the Hymn and Worship Resource Committee and was edited by John Ambrose.
 The European Union National Institutes for Culture (EUNIC) is a network of the European national institutes for culture engaged beyond their national borders and operating with a degree of autonomy from their governments. The EUNIC membership currently includes 32 organisations from 26 member states of the European Union.
 The Post is a tabloid independent Zambian newspaper. It is one of the three primary newspapers of the country. The newspaper was set up in 1991. The Sunday edition of the post newspaper is called the Sunday Post and contains a special section focusing on education called Educational Post. The Post is seeing to be the most popular and biggest selling newspaper in Zambia according to BBC.
 The Vintage Bradbury (1965) was the first best of collection of the stories of Ray Bradbury as selected by the author. It was published by Vintage Books a paperback division of Random House.
 NewHorizon a trade publication is a quarterly English-Language magazine owned by the Institution of Islamic Banking and Insurance (IIBI) and published in the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1991. NewHorizon covers Islamic finance and insurance globally. Articles span topics such as new regulations products and services and the launch of new Sharia-compliant financial institutions.
 Existenz is an on-line biannual academic journal covering research in philosophy religion politics and the arts. It was established in 2005 and is the official journal of the Karl Jaspers Society of North America.
 Planetarian: Chiisana Hoshi no Yume (planetarian ～ちいさなほしのゆめ～ lit. Planetarian ~The Dream of a Little Planet~) is a Japanese post-apocalyptic visual novel developed by Key a brand of Visual Art's whose previous works include Kanon and Air. It was released over the Internet on November 29 2004 for Windows PCs and is rated for all ages. The game was later ported to the PlayStation 2 (PS2) and PlayStation Portable as well as mobile devices.
 The Elements of C# Style is a book of style rules for the C# programming language. It is written by Kenneth Baldwin Andy Gray and Trevor Misfeldt of CenterSpace Software. The book was published by Cambridge University Press in July 2006. The book provides conventions for formatting naming documentation programming and packaging.This book is part of a series of books that include The Elements of Java Style and The Elements of C++ Style.
 The Vivero Letter is a first-person narrative novel written by English author Desmond Bagley and was first published in 1968. It was also made into a film in 1998 of the same name starring Robert Patrick and Chiara Caselli.
 The White Priory Murders is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery and features his series detective Sir Henry Merrivale assisted by Scotland Yard Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 The TimesDaily is the daily newspaper for Florence Alabama. The TimesDaily covers a four-county region in Alabama including Lauderdale Colbert Franklin and Lawrence counties as well as portions of southern Tennessee and northeast Mississippi. In addition to editorial offices in Florence The TimesDaily maintains a state capital bureau in Montgomery.The newspaper is owned by the Tennessee Valley Printing Co. which also publishes The Decatur Daily.
 The Daily Iowan is an independent 19500-circulation daily student newspaper serving Iowa City and the University of Iowa community. It has consistently won a number of collegiate journalism awards including multiple National Pacemaker Awards and is generally regarded as one of the finest student newspapers in the country.[citation needed]The Daily Iowan is available on five platforms those of which include print online TV iPhone and iPad.
 Nuacht24 (Irish pronunciation: [n̪ˠuəxt̪ˠ fʲɪxə ˈcahəɾʲ] meaning Twenty-four hour News) is an Irish language news website and weekly online newspaper with a weekly printed editionbased in Belfast Northern Ireland. It has been favourably received by Irish media as an independent comprehensive up-to-date news service. Nuacht24 plans to launch a comprehensive video based service later this year at www.nuacht24.com. It was founded by well-known journalist Eoghan Ó Néill.
 Seola is an antediluvian novel published in 1878 written by Ann Eliza Smith. The publishers of the novel are Boston: Lee and Shepard New York: Charles T. Dillingham.The majority of the novel purports to be a translation of an ancient scroll diary written by a woman named Seola who is identified as the wife of Japheth. The Book of Genesis indicates that Noah had three sons named Ham Shem and Japheth.
 Natural Resources Forum is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Division of Sustainable Development in the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs. The journal was established in 1976 and covers issues of sustainable development in developing countries. Natural Resources Forum publishes articles book reviews and a Viewpoints section where contributors provide different views on a particular topic.
 My Present Age is the title of a Canadian novel by Guy Vanderhaeghe which was first published in 1984.This was Vanderhaeghe's first full-length novel after his Governor General's Award-winning debut the short story collection Man Descending. My Present Age is a continuation of one of the short stories from that earlier volume Sam Soren and Ed and focuses on the character of Ed. In the novel Ed is trying to reclaim his life after his wife Victoria leaves him.
 Mint na Bokura (ミントな僕ら lit. We are Mint) is a Japanese manga series by Wataru Yoshizumi. This story centers around the life of a pair of 14-year old twins. It was initially published in July 1997 issue of Ribon Comics until February 2000. It is completed in 6 volumes. However it was compiled into 16 volumes in the Spanish version. It is licensed in French by Glénat in Spain by Planeta DeAgostini Comics and in Taiwan by Sharp Point Press.
 The Mask of Nostradamus: The Prophecies of the World's Most Famous Seer is a 1990 book by magician and skeptic James Randi published in paperback in 1993. Randi's biography looks past the mask of Nostradamus with a critical look at some of his alleged prophecies.
 The New Cool: A Visionary Teacher His FIRST Robotics Team and the Ultimate Battle of Smarts is a 2011 non-fiction narrative book by American writer Neal Bascomb. It follows four FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC) teams through the course of the 2009 season.
 The Spotlight Newspapers is made up of 12 weekly newspapers in the suburban communities in the Capital District of New York State. The group began in 1955 with The Spotlight.
 The Central Florida Future is the independent student-run newspaper of the University of Central Florida which is located in Orlando Florida United States. The Future is published every Monday and Thursday with a circulation of 45000 copies.The Future was a part of the University upon its opening in 1968 but was later made independent. In 2007 the paper was purchased by Florida Today which is owned by Gannett.
 Pied Piper of Lovers published in 1935 is Lawrence Durrell's first novel. It is followed by Panic Spring which partly continues the actions of its characters. The novel is in large part autobiographical and focuses on the protagonist's childhood in India and maturation in London.
 The British Railway Stories (formerly The British Railway Series) is a series of books and films written and filmed by Simon A.C. Martin and illustrated by railway artist Dean Walker.
 Hardcore History is the story of the history of the wrestling promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling from the point of view of the fans and the wrestlers by Scott E. Willams. It was published in 2006.
 The Precipice (Обрыв) is the third novel by Ivan Goncharov first published in January–May 1869 issues of Vestnik Evropy magazine. The novel conceived in 1849 took twenty years to be completed and has been preceded by the publication of the three extracts: Sophja Nikolayevna Belovodova (Sovremennik #2 1860) Grandmother and Portrait (Otechestvennye zapiski ##1-2 1861).
 Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo is a fantasy novel by Obert Skye that traces the journeys of Leven a seemingly ordinary boy from Burnt Culvert Oklahoma and Winter Frore a neglected girl as they seek to find their way to the magical dream land of Foo.
 No Laughing Matter is a 1986 book co-authored by Joseph Heller and Speed Vogel.
 No Name (1862) by Wilkie Collins is a 19th-century novel revolving around the issue of illegitimacy. It was originally serialised in Charles Dickens's magazine All the Year Round before book publication.
 Published in 1973 Great Jones Street is Don DeLillo's third novel. It centers on rock star Bucky Wunderlick who also narrates the novel. There is a good deal of surreal imagery. Running Dog a parody of Rolling Stone introduced in Great Jones Street would later play a central role in DeLillo's 1978 novel of the same name.
 Electra (French title: Électre) is a two act play written in 1937 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux. It was the first Giraudoux play to employ the staging of Louis Jouvet. Based on the classic myth of antiquity Jean Giraudoux wrote perhaps his best play. Electra has a surprisingly tragic force without losing the spirit and sparkling humor that made Jean Giraudoux one of the most important playwrights of the mid twentieth century.
 Dream Children is a 1998 novel by A. N. Wilson.Owing to his own early encounters Oliver Gold a distinguished philosopher has decided he can only be happy with a child. Oliver however moves in with a widow in North London. He makes all the ladies around him fall in love with him from the aging matriarch to a pair of lesbian lovers to a little girl named Bobs. Bobs is aged three when Oliver moves in and is aged ten by the end of the book.
 Pogledi (Serbian Cyrillic: Погледи) was a Serbia-based magazine devoted to politics and history published biweekly. Pogledi became notable due to the fact that they were the first opposition magazine in communist Yugoslavia.In English Pogledi translates to Viewpoints. In total 268 issues were published.
 Tulin onneni yrttitarhaan (English: I came into the herb garden of my happiness) is a book of poetry by Finnish author Kaari Utrio and Salme Saure.
 Review of Public Personnel Administration is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Public Administration. The journal's editor is R. Paul Battaglio Jr. (University of Texas Dallas). It has been in publication since 1980 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Investment Executive is a Canadian trade publication for financial advisors which is published 16 times per year by Transcontinental Media. Its readership includes more than 120000 financial advisors and others in the financial services industry. Finance et Investissement offers similar content for francophone advisors in Quebec.
 The Full Cupboard of Life is the fifth in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Gaborone Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.
 The Geographical Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of the Royal Geographical Society (with the Institute of British Geographers). It publishes papers covering research on all aspects of geography. It also publishes shorter Commentary papers and Review Essays. Since 2001 The Geographical Journal has been published in collaboration with Wiley-Blackwell. The journal was established in 1831.
 The Republican Brain: The Science of Why They Deny Science — and Reality is a book by the journalist Chris Mooney that is about the psychological basis for many Republicans' rejection of mainstream scientific theories as well as theories of economics and history.
 Chemistry of Materials is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1989 by the American Chemical Society. Chemistry of Materials is currently indexed in: Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS) SCOPUS EBSCOhost British Library Swetswise and Web of Science. It was founded by Leonard V. Interrante who was the Editor-in-Chief until 2013. Jillian M.
 Two To Conquer is a fantasy science fiction novel written by Marion Zimmer Bradley as part of the Darkover series set at the end of Ages of Chaos in the period of Darkover's history known as the Hundred Kingdoms. The book's introduction places it two hundred years after the events in the book entitled Stormqueen!.
 The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles is a children's novel written by Julie Edwards the married name of singer and actress Dame Julie Andrews. More recent editions credit the book to Julie Andrews Edwards.
 As I Lay Dying is a novel by American author William Faulkner. Faulkner said that he wrote the novel from midnight to 4:00 AM over the course of six weeks and that he did not change a word of it. Faulkner wrote it while working at a power plant published it in 1930 and described it as a tour de force. Faulkner's seventh novel it is consistently ranked among the best novels of 20th-century literature.
 Zinme Yazawin (Burmese: ဇင်းမယ် ရာဇဝင် lit. Chronicle of Chiang Mai) is an 18th-century Burmese chronicle that covers the history of Lan Na under Burmese rule (1558–1775). The first English translation of the chronicle was published in 2003.
 Åbo Underrättelser is a Swedish language newspaper published in Finland published Tuesday through Saturday. Its headquarters are located in Turku (Åbo in Swedish). Åbo Underrättelser holds the distinction of being the oldest newspaper still in print in Finland having been founded by Christian Ludvig Hjelt in 1823 (the first edition being published on 3 January 1824).The newspaper's primary readership consists of Swedish-speakers in Turku and Åboland. Its circulation is (as of 2009) 7562.
 French Canadians in the Political Life of the Province of Alberta is a collection of short biographies on Francophone Albertan political figures. It covers over a century of Alberta's political history and was written by Ernest Mardon Austin Mardon Allyson V. Ribar and edited by Frank McMahon. Spanning from 1891 until 2006 it features both winners and losers of elections with lists of selected election returns and membership of senators from Francophone Alberta.
 Poor Cow is the first full-length novel by Nell Dunn first published in 1967 by MacGibbon & Kee. The novel is a study of a working class girl from the East End of London struggling through the swinging sixties after making one bad decision too many. The novel was adapted for film in the same year of publication.
 The She Spot: Why Women are the Market for Changing the World – And How to Reach Them is a 2008 non-fiction book by Lisa Witter and Lisa Chen.
 The Lake Houston Observer is a weekly community newspaper serving the Crosby and Huffman communities in northeast Harris County Texas United States.
 Cibola Burn is a 2014 science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey (pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck). It follows the crew of the Rocinante as they join the flood of humanity out into the galaxy using the gates built by the ancient civilization that also produced the protomolecule. It is the fourth book in The Expanse series.
 Join Me is the name given to a movement started in London by British writer Danny Wallace in 2002 and to a book by him which documents the movement's formation.Members of the movement are called Joinees and Collectively they have sometimes been referred to as the Karma Army.
 Yubisaki Milk Tea (ゆびさき ミルク ティー Yubisaki Miruku Tī lit. Fingertip Milk Tea) is a Japanese romance manga by Tomochika Miyano centering around a boy whose hobby is cross-dressing and the lives of those around him whom he affects whether he is dressed up or not. It was serialized in Hakusensha's manga magazine Young Animal between January 2003 and March 2010 and was published in 10 volumes. The manga was licensed in the United States by Tokyopop and is rated for a mature audience.
 The National Sports Daily simply referred to as The National was a sports-centered newspaper published in the United States beginning on January 31 1990. The newspaper was published as a tabloid and appeared seven days a week.The National was an American attempt to emulate the model of several international all-sports publications such as La Gazzetta dello Sport (Italy) L'Equipe (France) and others.
 I nattens tystnad is a novel by Margit Sandemo.
 My Life in Dog Years is a non-fiction book written by Gary Paulsen together with his wife Ruth Wright Paulsen. It was published first by Delacorte Press in 1998.The book contains a chapter about each different dog in his life. It focuses primarily on his non-dog sledding dogs as he has written about them in other books.
 Renewal is a British left-wing political magazine published in London England by Lawrence and Wishart.Renewal was founded in 1993 as the journal of the Labour Coordinating Committee in the wake of the Labour Party's fourth successive election defeat.
 Cities is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier. It focuses on analysis and assessment of current and historical urban development and management resulting from urban planning policies while proffering solutions in the form of more effective urban policy implementations. Coverage includes developed and developing nations. The editor-in-chief is A. Modarres (University of Washington Tacoma).
 The Unicorn in the Garden is a short story written by James Thurber. The most famous[citation needed] of Thurber's humorous modern fables it first appeared in The New Yorker on October 31 1939; and was first collected in his book Fables for Our Time and Famous Poems Illustrated (Harper and Brothers 1940).
 To Hell and Back is the title of the autobiography of rock singer Meat Loaf. It was later made into a television movie called Meat Loaf: To Hell and Back with W. Earl Brown in the title role.
 Popcorn is a 1998 play by English author Ben Elton adapted from his novel of the same title.
 The General Theory of Employment Interest and Money was written by the English economist John Maynard Keynes. The book generally considered to be his magnum opus is largely credited with creating the terminology and shape of modern macroeconomics.
 Summertime on Icarus is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1960. It was also published under the title The Hottest Piece of Real Estate in the Solar System.
 Gulshan-e-Sukhan (Garden of Poetry) is the first collection of poems by Pakistani poet Tanwir Phool. It was published in 1970.
 Letter to a Christian Nation is a book by Sam Harris written in response to feedback he received following the publication of his first book The End of Faith. The book is written in the form of an open letter to a Christian in the United States. Harris states that his aim is to demolish the intellectual and moral pretensions of Christianity in its most committed forms. The book was released in September 2006. In October it entered the New York Times Best Seller list at number seven.
 Backpacker Magazine is an American publication that features information on wilderness hiking and adventure. It has been published since 1973. Backpacker magazine is currently published by Active Interest Media and is based in Boulder Colorado. The magazine moved from Emmaus Pennsylvania to Boulder in August 2007.
 Necropolis is an autobiographical novel written by Boris Pahor about his Holocaust experience that has been compared to works of Primo Levi Imre Kertesz and Jorge Semprún.
 The Purpose of American Politics is a book published in 1960 by the realist academic and political commentator Hans Morgenthau. In the book Morgenthau defines the purpose of American politics as the achievement of freedom.
 Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry is a reference work which discusses many topics related to industrial chemistry. This work was originally published in German by Fritz Ullmann in 1914. The fifth edition was the first version which was published in English. This encyclopedia is currently published online as well.
 Glasses is an 1896 short story by Henry James.
 Pretzel is a children's short story written in 1944 by Margret Rey illustrated by H.A. Rey and first published by Harper & Brothers.
 Rainbow Road is the third in a trilogy by Alex Sánchez; the first two books are Rainbow Boys and Rainbow High respectively. The three main characters Nelson Kyle and Jason are on a road trip told from the point of view from each one of them the summer after they graduate from high school. It is the last time they will see each other before going off to college. They travel across the country so Jason can speak at a high school about coming out to his town and team on TV.
 Butterflies Flowers (Japanese: 蝶よ花よ Hepburn: Chō yo Hana yo) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuki Yoshihara serialized in Petit Comic and published by Shogakukan in bound volumes between 2006 and 2009. It is about a young woman Choko whose family lost their money and her entry into the office lady workforce working for her former servant and childhood crush Domoto.
 Black Feminist Thought: Knowledge Consciousness and the Politics of Empowerment is a 1990 book by Patricia Hill Collins.
 The Bermuda Sun is a Bermudian newspaper published on Wednesdays and Fridays.Covering a wide range of topics including news sports business and lifestyle it also publishes the Government of Bermuda's legal notices.
 The Rainmaker is a 1995 novel by John Grisham. This was Grisham's sixth novel. It differs from most of his other novels in that it is written almost completely in the simple present tense.
 Maps in a Mirror (1990) is a collection of short stories by Orson Scott Card. Like Card's novels most of the stories have a science fiction or fantasy theme. Some of the stories such as Ender's Game Lost Boys and Mikal's Songbird were later expanded into novels. Each of the smaller volumes that make up the larger collection as a whole are centered around a theme or genre. For instance Volume 1 The Changed Man reprints several of Card's horror stories.
 The Battle of the Baltic is the title of an upbeat patriotic poem written in 1801 by the Scottish poet Thomas Campbell. Its subject is the naval Battle of Copenhagen fought earlier that year between the fleets of Britain and Denmark.Its first lines run:
 Americana (1971) is celebrated American novelist Don DeLillo's first book. In 1989 DeLillo revised the text excising several pages from the original.[citation needed]
 Al Fajr (in Arabic الفجر meaning The Dawn in English) is an independent Arabic language daily newspaper published in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. The daily is one of the oldest publications in the country.
 Puls Biznesu (lit. Business' Pulse) is a Polish language daily newspaper devoted to business and economic issues.
 The Nelson Leader is a weekly newspaper published every Friday for readers in the town of Nelson in Pendle east Lancashire. It is edited from the 'Leader-Times' series of newspapers' offices in Nelson Lancashire.
 Expert Review of Clinical Pharmacology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles and original papers on all aspects of clinical pharmacology. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts EMBASE/Excerpta Medica MEDLINE/Index Medicus/PubMed and Scopus.
 The Philosophers' Magazine (TPM) an independent quarterly magazine founded in 1997 aims to provide a venue for philosophy in an accessible and entertaining format. The magazine includes news essays reviews features and regular columnists. The writer and journalist Julian Baggini edits TPM while Jeremy Stangroom edits its sister website TPM Online. The magazine is distributed in the US and Canada by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Gridlock is a 1991 novel by Ben Elton.
 Bloodthirst is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by J.M. Dillard published by Pocket Books. The novel's story focuses on a manmade virus which causes its victims to suffer many of the characteristics of vampires including light sensitivity and a thirst for blood.
 Freedomnomics: Why the Free Market Works and Other Half-Baked Theories Don't is a book by writer and public policy researcher John R. Lott Jr. author of previous works More Guns Less Crime and The Bias Against Guns. Freedomnomics takes an economic look at the effects of the free market and presents some arguments against those found in Freakonomics by Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner.
 Equinox is a 1973 novel by Samuel R. Delany and is Delany's first published foray into explicitly sexual material. It tells of a series of erotic and violent encounters in a small American seaport following the arrival of an African-American sea captain.
 Tom Swift and His Wireless Message or The Castaways of Earthquake Island is Volume 6 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 The Enemy Within is a fantasy horror novel by Christie Golden set in the world of Ravenloft and based on the Dungeons & Dragons game.
 Rheumatic Diseases Clinics of North America is a medical journal addressing topics in rheumatology.
 The Gold Bug Variations is a novel by American writer Richard Powers first released in 1991.
 Binah (Hebrew: בינה‎ Insight) is a Jewish women's magazine published weekly by Binah Magazine Corporation a subsidiary of Hamodia Publishing Corporation. It debuted in Elul 2006.Binah features articles appealing to Jewish women including family matters health recipes short stories and serialized novels.
 Advanced Materials is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering materials science. It includes Communications Reviews and Feature Articles on topics in chemistry physics nanotechnology ceramics metallurgy and biomaterials.
 Divide and Rule is a 1948 collection of two science fiction novellas by L. Sprague de Camp first published in hardcover by Fantasy Press and later reissued in paperback by Lancer Books in 1964. The collected pieces were previously published in 1939 and 1941 in the magazines Unknown and Astounding. The first stand-alone edition of the title story was published as a large-print hardcover by Thorndike Press in September 2003.
 Hidden Passions: Secrets from the Diaries of Tabitha Lenox was a tie-in novelization released by HarperEntertainment in 2001 that was loosely based on the NBC soap opera Passions. It delved into the backstories of several prominent characters on the show and was purportedly written by town witch Tabitha Lenox.Much of the information in Hidden Passions has never been confirmed on-screen and the book is not considered to be canon because the show has since contradicted it several times.
 The Robotech Defenders are a line of scale model kits released by Revell during the early 1980s. Contrary to what their name seems to imply the 'Robotech Defenders' are not part of the Robotech Anime Universe adapted by Carl Macek and released by Harmony Gold USA however they did adopt the same moniker and logo.The Robotech Defenders were one of two Robotech lines released by Revell the other being the Robotech Changers.
 The Aspen Times is an 11500-circulation 7-day-a-week newspaper in the ski resort of Aspen Colorado with a history dating back to 1881.
 Pilgrimage to Earth is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert Sheckley. It was first published in 1957 by Bantam Books (catalogue number 1672).
 Voyagers to the West: A Passage in the Peopling of America on the Eve of the Revolution is a 1986 nonfiction book by American historian Bernard Bailyn published by Knopf. The book chronicles the migration of British and Scottish farmers into colonial America in the 1770s. In 1987 Voyagers to the West was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for History the second time Bailyn had won the award. (He had previously won for The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution in 1967.)
 Action Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of research and which represents a forum for the development of the theory and practice of action research. The journal was established in 2003 and is published by SAGE Publications.
 The Farewell Symphony is a 1997 semi-autobiographical novel by Edmund White. It is the third of a trilogy of novels being preceded by A Boy's Own Story (1982) and The Beautiful Room Is Empty (1988). It depicts the later adulthood of its protagonist and documents his experience of homosexuality from the 1960s to the 1990s.
 The Silver Branch is a historical adventure novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1957 with illustrations by Charles Keeping.
 Trends in Analytical Chemistry is a peer reviewed journal in analytical chemistry with reviews of the latest developments in the field. The 2009 impact factor was 6.546.
 This Won't Kill You is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as This Will Kill You in the September 1952 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Men Out published by the Viking Press in 1954.
 The Skating Rink (La Pista de Hielo in Spanish) is a novel by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño. A translation from the Spanish by Chris Andrews was published by New Directions in August 2009.
 The Autumn Garden is a 1951 play by Lillian Hellman. The play is set in September 1949 in a summer home in a resort on the Gulf of Mexico about 100 miles from New Orleans. The play is a study of the defeats disappointments and diminished expectations of people reaching middle age. For inspiration Hellman drew on her memories of her time in her aunts' boardinghouse.
 The Canadian Entomologist is a scientific journal of the Entomological Society of Canada published bimonthly. It has been published continuously since 1868. Volumes 1 to 54 are freely accessible in the Biodiversity Heritage Library.
 Birthright Campaign Setting is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995. This product introduced the Birthright campaign setting.
 The Secret of the Golden Pavilion is the thirty-sixth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1959 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 The Invisible Hook: The Hidden Economics of Pirates is a non-fiction book by economist Peter Leeson which shows how the modern economic concept of mutual self-interest motivated pirates to form cooperative and democratic societies which preceded the origins of modern-day democracy.
 Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Mirror Image (also called Op-Center: Mirror Image) is the second novel in Tom Clancy's Op-Center created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik first published in 1995. The actual novels are written by Jeff Rovin.
 Dungeons & Dragons Master Rules is an expansion boxed set for the Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) fantasy role-playing game. It was first published in 1985 as an expansion to the Basic Set.
 The Michigan Daily is the daily student newspaper of the University of Michigan. Its first edition was published on September 29 1890. The newspaper is financially and editorially independent of the University's administration and other student groups but shares a university building with other student publications on 420 Maynard Street north of the Michigan Union and Huetwell Student Activities Center.
 Loyalty in Death (1999) is a novel by J. D. Robb. It is the tenth novel in the In Death series preceding Witness in Death
 Democracy and the Common Wealth: Breaking the Stranglehold of the Special Interests is a 2010 book by urban designer policy analyst and artist Michael E. Arth.
 ARIEL (エリアル Eriaru) (which stands for All a-Round Intercept and Escort Lady) is a mecha anime OVA series. ARIEL is also known as The ARIEL Project.
 NeuroMolecular Medicine is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the molecular and biochemical basis of neurological disorders. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Mark P. Mattson (National Institute on Aging).
 Ritual is a horror novel by British actor and author David Pinner first published in 1967.
 Premier Christianity (formerly Christianity Magazine and Christianity and Renewal) is an evangelical Christian magazine published monthly in the United Kingdom by Premier (a Christian communications organisation) which is in turn wholly owned by Premier Christian Media TrustThe magazine contains news features reviews and comment for Christians and those interested in Christianity from across the denominational spectrum. The magazine adheres to the Evangelical Alliance statement of faith.
 Alas Babylon is a 1959 novel by American writer Pat Frank (the pen name of Harry Hart Frank). It was one of the first apocalyptic novels of the nuclear age and remains popular 55 years after it was first published consistently ranking in Amazon.com's Top 20 Science Fiction Short Stories list (which groups together short story collections and novels).
 Pakistan Chronicle is a 2010 encyclopedia on Pakistan history edited by Aqeel Jafri. It covers events from 1947 to 2010 and contains more than 5000 events and 4000 pictures related to politics literature media fine arts sports and entertainment.
 Everfree is a novel by Nick Sagan. It is the sequel to Edenborn and the final installment of this trilogy.
 Las lanzas coloradas is a Venezuelan novel. It was written by Arturo Uslar Pietri.
 A View For Freedom: Alfie Roberts Speaks on the Caribbean Cricket Montreal and C.L.R. James is a book published in June 2005 by The Alfie Roberts Institute.A View For Freedom: Alfie Roberts Speaks is based on an extensive interview with Alfie Roberts conducted by David Austin in January 1995 over a year before Roberts died. With an introduction by David Austin and afterword by Robert Hill it is Roberts’ testament on Caribbean and African history and politics cricket C. L. R.
 American Journal of Hematology is an academic journal devoted to the coverage of blood diseases.
 The Rogue Mage series of fantasy novels were written by Faith Hunter about races of beings inhabiting a post-apocalyptic Earth of the not-too distant future. Some of them possess magical powers. The series is set in the remains of the United States about a century after an apocalypse similar to the one predicted in the Book of Revelation but with no god appearing.
 Undergrounders is a novel written by Canadian author David Skuy published by Scholastic Canada in 2011 and winner of the 2012 Silver Birch award.
 Pokémon: The Electric Tale of Pikachu (電撃！ピカチュウ Dengeki! Pikachū Electric Shock! Pikachu) is a fantasy action-adventure manga series created by Toshihiro Ono and serialized in the Children's manga magazine CoroCoro Comic. Individual chapters were collected into four tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan who released the first volume on October 28 1997 and the fourth volume on January 28 2000.
 The Prahran Telegraph was a weekly newspaper published from 1860 to 1930 in Prahran an inner-suburb of the city of Melbourne Australia. No copy pre-1866 is known to have survived. From 1866 (or earlier) until December 1888 the paper was called the Telegraph and St Kilda Prahran and South Yarra Guardian. From January 1889 until 7 December 1902 the paper was known simply as the Prahran Telegraph.
 The Wanderer is a children's novel by Sharon Creech published in 2000. It was shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal and named a Newbery Honor book.
 Nouvelles de l'estampe (in French : News about prints) is a scholarly journal on prints (etching engraving lithography etc.) from the origin to nowadays. It is published by the Comité national de la gravure française and its office is at the prints department of the Bibliothèque nationale de France which sponsors the journal. The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Bibliography of the History of Art and the Bibliographie de l’histoire de France.
 Acta Neuropsychiatrica is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in neuropharmacology neuropsychiatry and neuroscience relevant to the pathophysiology neurobiology and treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders. It was formerly published by John Wiley & Sons and is now published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Scandinavian College of Neuropsychopharmacology. The editor-in-chief is Gregers Wegener (Aarhus University).
 Vortex is the seventh and best book in Chris Bunch and Allan Cole's The Sten Adventures.
 Elantris is a stand-alone fantasy novel written by American author Brandon Sanderson. It was first published in April 2005 by Tor Books and is significant as Sanderson's first widely released book. The book is named after the ruined city whose cursed inhabitants are the focus of the book's plot. Elantris has also been licensed for localized release in Russia France Germany Thailand Poland Netherlands Brazil and at least five other markets. The book gained generally positive reviews.
 Adult Video News (also called AVN or AVN Magazine) is an American trade journal that covers the adult video industry. The New York Times notes that AVN is to pornographic films what Billboard is to records. AVN sponsors an annual convention called the Adult Entertainment Expo or AEE in Las Vegas Nevada along with an award show for the adult industry modeled after the Oscars.AVN rates adult films and tracks news developments in the industry. An AVN issue can feature over 500 movie reviews.
 The Newham Recorder is a local weekly newspaper distributed in the London Borough of Newham. It is published weekly on a Wednesday in the tabloid format by Archant the UK's largest independently owned regional media business with a digital edition available at the end of each week.
 The American Literary Review is a national biannual literary magazine of poetry fiction and nonfiction. Since its Fall 2013 issue ALR has been an online digital publication. Print publications are cataloged under ISSN 1051-5062.
 The Chimps of Fauna Sanctuary: A Canadian Story of Resilience and Recovery is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Andrew Westoll first published in May 2011 by Harper Collins. In the book the author chronicles the time he spent volunteering at the Fauna Sanctuary an animal refuge in Quebec for chimpanzees that had been used for biomedical research.
 The Business Man is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe about a businessman boasting of his accomplishments. It was published in February 1840 in Burton's Gentleman's Magazine. The story questions the concept of a self-made man.
 Bonk is a video game character from NEC's TurboGrafx-16 console. Known in Japan as PC-Genjin (ＰＣ原人 PC-Primitive man a pun on PC Engine) and as BC Kid in PAL territories Bonk was a mascot for NEC's console. Three games featured the character appeared on the TurboGrafx-16 as well as two spin-offs featuring Airzonk. A large-headed bald caveman his favored form of attack is the headbutt.
 CQ ham radio is a monthly amateur radio enthusiast magazine published in Japan. The magazine is published in Japanese and draws its subscription base primarily from Japan. The name of the magazine is derived from the international amateur radio call CQ used to indicate that the station making the call is available for communications with any other station. CQ ham radio is not associated with the similarly named United States magazine CQ Amateur Radio.
 Heirs of Empire is 1996 military science-fiction novel by David Weber. It is the third novel in the Dahak trilogy after the de facto duology of Mutineers' Moon and The Armageddon Inheritance. Heirs of Empire is a stand-alone work that focuses on the adventures and travails of the fraternal twin children of Emperor Colin MacIntyre (who defeated the eponymous mutineers and the Achuultani incursion in The Armageddon Inheritance) and their three friends.
 Lovecraft's Providence and Adjacent Parts is a book by Henry L. P. Beckwith Jr. detailing sites in Providence Rhode Island related to H. P. Lovecraft. It was first published by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in 1979 in an edition of 1000 copies. The book grew out of a bus tour of Providence that Beckwith held as part of the World Fantasy Convention. Sites detailed include a graveyard where Edgar Allan Poe once walked and the inspiration for Lovecraft's story The Shunned House.
 Big Numbers is an unfinished graphic novel by writer Alan Moore and artist Bill Sienkiewicz.
 Nova srpska politička misao (Serbian: Нова српска политичка мисао; English: New Serbian political thought) is a Belgrade-based publisher and quarterly magazine dealing with politics and policy studies.Founded in 1994 under the name Serbian Political Thought the magazine has typically attracted young independent political scientists philosophers sociologists psychologists and economists who weigh in on topical and sometimes controversial political questions.
 Scorpion Swamp is a single-player adventuring gamebook written by Steve Jackson (the American game designer rather than the series co-creator) illustrated by Duncan Smith and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 8th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031829-1).
 Strombus is the peer-reviewed scientific journal of the Conquiliologistas do Brasil (Conchologists of Brazil) covering research in malacology.
 Double Trouble is the 25th book in the The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers series. It was published on November 25 2008.
 The Day of Creation is a 1987 novel by J. G. Ballard.
 The Machine Gunners is a children's historical novel by Robert Westall published by Macmillan in 1975. Set in northeastern England during the Battle of Britain (1940) it features children who find a crashed German aircraft with a machine gun and ammunition; they build a fortress participate in the war and capture and imprison a German gunner. The author also wrote a play based on the book and others have adapted it for television and radio.
 The Kalyani Inscriptions (Burmese: ကလျာဏီကျောက်စာ) located in Bago Burma (Myanmar) are stone inscriptions erected by King Dhammazedi of Hanthawaddy Pegu in 1479. Located at the Kalyani Ordination Hall (Kalyani Sima) outside Bago the inscriptions commemorate the reformation of Burmese Buddhism in Ceylon's Mahavihara tradition between 1476 and 1479.
 Creative Boom is an online magazine aimed at the creative industries throughout the UK reaching over two million people each month.
 The Mirror is the student-operated newspaper of the University of Northern Colorado. It is published every Monday during the fall and spring semesters and breaks news online at www.uncmirror.com. Typically it is not published during school breaks (spring break winter break national holidays etc.) and the paper is distributed to over 85 locations throughout the campus in academic buildings residence halls and apartment buildings. Some local businesses also receive copies.
 The Journal of Bacteriology is a peer-reviewed medical journal established in 1916. It is published by the American Society for Microbiology and the current editor in chief is Philip Matsumura.
 The Unusual Suspects is the second novel in The Sisters Grimm series written by Michael Buckley and illustrated by Peter Ferguson.
 The Murder Room is a 2003 detective novel and the 12th in the Adam Dalgliesh series by P. D. James. It takes place in London particularly the Dupayne Museum on the edge of Hampstead Heath in the London Borough of Camden.The Dupayne Museum is an eclectic collection of English memorabilia from the period between World War I and World War II. The Murder Room of the title refers to a room displaying relics of murders that occurred during these years.
 The Age of Consent: The Rise of Relativism and the Corruption of Popular Culture is a book by Robert H. Knight published in 1998 with a foreword by Gary Bauer.
 Ruins (2012) is a science fiction novel by American author Orson Scott Card who is known for his novel Ender's Game. This novel continues the story of Rigg and his strange powers. It is the second book in the Pathfinder series and is followed by Visitors (forthcoming) the first book is Pathfinder. The book was published on October 30 2012.
 Rouleur is a British cycling magazine first published in 2006 by sportswear brand Rapha and now as a part of Gruppo Media Limited. The focus is road racing but there have been excursions into areas such as cyclo-cross and track cycling. It is edited by co-owner and founder Guy Andrews and designed by Rob Johnston.Rouleur describes itself as focusing on exquisite photography and writing that really gets under the skin of the great riders and theatres of road racing.
 The Haunted Jester is a collection of short stories by Donald Corley illustrated by the author. Corley did not limit himself to one genre but the primary distinction of the collection is its inclusion of a number of classic dark fantasies . It was first published in hardcover in New York by Robert M. McBride in 1931. It was later reissued by Books for Libraries in 1970.
 Research Studies in Music Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers twice a year in the field of Music Education. The journal's editor is Margaret S. Barrett (University of Queensland). It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of Society for Education Music and Psychology Research.
 Breaking Stalin's Nose is a 2011 children's book written by Eugene Yelchin. The book was given the 2012 Newbery Honor award for excellence in children's literature along with numerous other awards and distinctions. Translations of Russian Chinese Japanese Korean Spanish Romanian and Turkish have been published.
 The Lakeshore Press is an edition of The Grapid Rapids Press which competes with The Holland Sentinel in southwestern Ottawa County Michigan primarily in Holland Michigan.It has been published since the mid-1980s when it was known as The Grand Rapids Press-Lakeshore Edition.Originally a separately inserted section published six days a week (Saturdays were excluded). The stories now run in the main sections of the Press with a supplemental section on Sundays.
 This article is about the short story by Henry James. See The Great Good Place (Oldenburg) for the book by Ray Oldenburg.The Great Good Place is a short story by Henry James first published in Scribner's Magazine in 1900. The story portrays George Dane a harried writer who dreams of escaping to a place where he can rest and recover before returning to the grind of his overloaded life. Dane gets his wish at least in a memorable fantasy.
 The Fermanagh Herald is a weekly newspaper published and sold mainly in County Fermanagh Northern Ireland. It was founded in 1902 by the North West of Ireland Printing and Publishing Company who had been established a year earlier by the Lynch family. The paper is published every Wednesday and has the highest circulation of any North West of Ireland Printing and Publishing Company title averaging at 13169 for the first half of 2010 and is also the highest selling newspaper in Fermanagh.
 Throne of Jade is the second novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series written by American author Naomi Novik. It was first published by Del Rey in the United States on April 25 2006 and was well received by reviewers.
 The Spectator is a high school newspaper published every other week by students of Stuyvesant High School. It contains 12 departments: news features opinions arts & entertainment humor sports photography art layout copy business and web. The paper founded in 1915 is one of Stuyvesant's oldest publications.
 Paris-Presse is a former French newspaper published in Paris which appeared from 1944 to 1970.It was created by Philippe Barres (1896-1975) with Ève Curie (1904-2007) daughter of Marie Curie. They ran the newspaper until 1949.
 The Hand of the Devil is a 2006 fantasy horror novel written by Dean Vincent Carter. It is centred around a young man named Ashley Reeves a journalist for a science magazine Missing Link. He receives a letter from a Reginald G. Mather to see the only example of the Ganges Red mosquito on his island in the Lake District. Agreeing to his terms Ashley travels to the island alone and becomes stranded and what was once a good story quickly transforms into a macabre nightmare.
 Shield-Wizard Comics was the name of an American comic book series published by MLJ Magazines Inc. more commonly known as MLJ Comics for thirteen issues between Summer 1940 and Winter 1944.It featured the titular comics superheroes The Wizard and The Shield and their supporting characters throughout.
 West Yellowstone News is a newspaper in West Yellowstone Montana USA. It is published by Pioneer News Group. It used to be published by Big Sky Publishing.
 A Princess of Mars (1917) is a science fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs the first of his Barsoom series. Full of swordplay and daring feats the novel is considered a classic example of 20th century pulp fiction. It is also a seminal instance of the planetary romance a sub-genre of science fantasy that became highly popular in the decades following its publication. Its early chapters also contain elements of the Western.
 Annals of Transplantation is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1996 and is published by International Scientific Information. It is the official publication of the Polish Transplantation Society with the co-operation of the Czech Transplantation Society and the Hungarian Transplantation Society and covers research on all aspects of organ transplantation.
 Iphigenia in Tauris (Ancient Greek: Ἰφιγένεια ἐν Ταύροις Iphigeneia en Taurois) is a drama by the playwright Euripides written between 414 BC and 412 BC. It has much in common with another of Euripides's plays Helen as well as the lost play Andromeda and is often described as a romance a melodrama a tragi-comedy or an escape play.
 Illustreret Nyhedsblad was a Norwegian weekly magazine issued from 1851 to 1866 in Christiania Norway. Its first editor was Paul Botten-Hansen who edited the magazine from 1851 to 1864 and from 1865 to 1866 with Frederik Bætzmann being editor from 1864 to 1865. Among its contributors were Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson Henrik Ibsen Ernst Sars and Camilla Collett. Ibsen's plays Hærmændene paa Helgeland and Kærlighedens komedie were published as supplements to the magazine.
 Banalata Sen (Bengali: বনলতা সেন) is a volume of poems by Jibanananda Das. During Das's lifetime it was published twice: first time in Poush 1349 Bengali calendar(December 1942 AD) with a cover by Sambhu Shaha including 12 poems second time in Srabon 1359 Bengali calendar (1952 AD) an enlarged version with a cover by Satyajit Ray including 30 poems. Das named the volume after the poem: Banalata Sen one of Das’s finest poems certainly his most popular.
 Propaganda was an American gothic subculture magazine. It was founded in 1982 by Fred H. Berger a photographer from New York City. Berger's photography was featured prominently in the magazine. Propaganda focused on all aspects of the goth culture including fashion sexuality music art and literature. Propaganda was at the time of its final issue in 2002 the longest running and most popular gothic subculture magazine in the United States.
 Hunter's Run is a 2007 science fiction novel written by Daniel Abraham Gardner Dozois and George R. R. Martin. It is a heavily-rewritten and expanded version of an earlier novella called Shadow Twin.
 The Winds of War is Herman Wouk's second book about World War II the first being The Caine Mutiny (1951). Published in 1971 it was followed up seven years later by War and Remembrance; originally conceived as one volume Wouk decided to break it in two when he realized it took nearly 1000 pages just to get to the attack on Pearl Harbor. In 1983 it became a highly successful miniseries on the ABC television network.
 The Wisdom of Crowds: Why the Many Are Smarter Than the Few and How Collective Wisdom Shapes Business Economies Societies and Nations published in 2005 is a book written by James Surowiecki about the aggregation of information in groups resulting in decisions that he argues are often better than could have been made by any single member of the group.
 Shamanism: Archaic Techniques of Ecstasy is a historical study of the different forms of shamanism around the world written by the Romanian historian of religion Mircea Eliade. It was first published in France by Librarie Payot under the French title of Le Chamanisme et les techniques archaïques de l'extase in 1951. The book was subsequently translated into English by Willard R.
 Heechee Rendezvous is a science fiction novel by American writer Frederik Pohl a sequel of Gateway and Beyond the Blue Event Horizon. It takes place about two decades after the first novel. The novel was nominated for Locus Award in 1985.
 Mascot Madness! is the third book of the Schooling Around series by Andy Griffiths. It was published in 2009 by Pan Macmillan Australia.
 Kitchen Princess (Japanese: キッチンのお姫さま Hepburn: Kitchin no Ohime-sama) is a shōjo (targeted towards girls) cooking romance manga series written by Miyuki Kobayashi and illustrated by Natsumi Andō. Appearing as a serial in the manga magazine Nakayoshi from the September 2004 issue to the October 2008 issue the forty-seven chapters were compiled into ten bound volumes by Kodansha and published from February 2005 to November 2008.
 Bergensavisen (lit. the Bergen newspaper) usually shortened to BA is the second largest newspaper in Bergen Norway. It is published in tabloid format. The newspaper webpage ba.no is Bergen's largest local newspaper webpage.In 2006 Bergensavisen had a daily circulation of 30.719 on Monday to Saturday and 29.782 on Sundays. Approximately 108.000 read the paper every day.
 Oh! My Goddess! (ああっ女神さまっ Aa! Megami-sama) or Ah! My Goddess! in some releases is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kōsuke Fujishima. It has been serialized in Afternoon since September 1988; the individual chapters are being published in tankōbon by Kodansha with the first released on August 23 1989; the final volume of the manga series volume 48 is due to be released on July 23 2014 marking nearly 26 years of publication.
 An Actor Prepares (Russian: Работа актера над собой) is the first of Konstantin Stanislavski's books on acting followed by Building a Character and Creating a Role. Stanislavski intended to publish the contents of An Actor Prepares and Building a Character as a single volume and in the Russian language. However An Actor Prepares was first published as a single volume in English and World War II delayed the publication of Building a Character for more than ten years.
 The Rush for Second Place is a posthumous collection of essays by William Gaddis. Edited and introduced by Joseph Tabbi it was published in 2002 by Penguin Press at the same time as Gaddis's last novel Agapē Agape. The contents were published in Great Britain with Agapē Agape as Agapē Agape and Other Writings by Atlantic Books in 2004.
 The Witching is a comic book series written by Jonathan Vankin and Leigh Gallagher with Tara McPherson creating the cover art. This comic was published in the United States by the DC Comics imprint Vertigo. A total of 10 monthly issues were released in 2004 and 2005. Issue #5 featured a guest artist Mark Buckingham best known as the regular artist on the Vertigo series Fables.
 The True Confessions of Adrian Albert Mole Margaret Hilda Roberts and Susan Lillian Townsend is the third book in the Adrian Mole series written by Sue Townsend. It focuses on the worries and regrets of a teenage (supposed) intellectual.
 The Land That Time Forgot is a fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs the first of his Caspak trilogy. His working title for the story was The Lost U-Boat. The sequence was first published in Blue Book Magazine as a three-part serial in the issues for September October and November 1918. The complete trilogy was later combined for publication in book form under the title of the first part by A. C. McClurg in June 1924.
 The Dungeon Tiles series consists of seven supplements to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 The Financial Express is an Indian English-language business newspaper. It is published by the Indian Express group since 1961. The FE specialises in India and international business and financial news.Launched in 1961 India’s oldest financial daily The Financial Express is today one of the leading newspapers in the country.
 High Score Girl (ハイスコアガール) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rensuke Oshikiri. It will be adapted into an anime.
 Multiple Sclerosis Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Clinical Neurology. The journal's editor is Alan J. Thompson (University College London). It has been in publication since 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The ABA Journal (since 1984 formerly American Bar Association Journal 1915–1983 evolved from Annual Bulletin 1908–1914) is a monthly legal trade magazine and the flagship publication of the American Bar Association. It claims to be read by half of the nation's 1 million lawyers every month. It is now complemented on the Internet with the ABA Journal Online site and the ABA Journal eReport newsletter.
 To Have and to Hold (1900) is a novel by American author Mary Johnston. Published by Houghton Mifflin it was the bestselling novel in the United States that year.
 Silver Surfer is a comic book published by Marvel Comics featuring the Silver Surfer.
 Captain Nemo: The Fantastic History of a Dark Genius is a novel by Kevin J. Anderson published in 2002 by Pocket Books. It is a secret history and crossover work the central premise being that many of the things Jules Verne wrote about existed in real life as told to him by the real Captain Nemo.
 The Line of Polity is a 2003 science fiction novel by Neal Asher. It is the second novel in the Gridlinked sequence. In this novel Earth Central Security (ECS) agent Ian Cormac is placed at the center of a civil war on the planet Masada where an elite Theocracy lives in cylindric habitats in orbit and violently rules over commoners enslaved to laborious agriculture jobs on the planet's surface.
 Nitassinan: The Innu Struggle to Reclaim Their Homeland is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Marie Wadden first published in December 1991 by Douglas & McIntyre. In the book the author chronicles the plight of the Innu people indigenous inhabitants of an area they affectionately call Nitassinan which means our land in the Innu dialect.
 Gemini is a play by Albert Innaurato.
 Murder in LaMut is the second book in Legends of the Riftwar series. It details the story of Durine Kethol and Pirojil three mercenaries who have spent the past twenty five years fighting Tsurani the Bugs and Goblins. Now having spent a few months on garrison duty their journey to LaMut should be simple and completely straightforward. The story is set in the world of Midkemia.It was first released by Harper Collins on June 5 2002 in the United Kingdom.
 Della mercatura e del mercante perfetto written by Benedikt Kotruljević around 1400 was the first bookkeeping manuscript and trade manual. The title has been translated in English by the alternate names of Of commerce and the perfect merchant On merchantry and the perfect merchant and On trade and the perfect dealer.
 Acta Entomologica Musei Nationalis Pragae (AEMNP) is an academic journal that publishes entomological papers focused on taxonomy morphology and phylogeny. It was founded in 1923.From 2008 onwards it is published biannually at the end of June and in the beginning of December.Authors must use English language and follow the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature.
 Tango v svilenih coklah is a novel by Slovenian author Ted Kramolc. It was first published in 2002.
 Top of the Pops magazine is a monthly publication published by Immediate Media Company. It features chart information star gossip fashion and beauty advice quizzes song lyrics and posters. It is a supplementary magazine for the TV show Top of the Pops until the latter was cancelled in 2006.The magazine was launched in February 1995 and is famous for giving girl group The Spice Girls their nicknames[citation needed].
 People's Forum is published since 1981 with editorial and business office located at 15-3 Pichon (Magallanes) St. Davao City.
 Outlying Islands is a 2002 drama play written by Scottish playwright David Greig.
 Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings is an anthology of American Beat writer Jack Kerouac's early work published by Viking Press in 1999. It includes writings from Kerouac's high school years poetry short stories essays and other previously unpublished works. The book includes an introduction by its editor Paul Marion along with notes on the stories included throughout the book.
 Moruchi Mavshi (Devanagari:मोरूची मावशी) is a Marathi play written by playwright Pralhad Keshav Atre. The play is a light hearted comedy. It is best known for Vijay Chavan's iconic role in this famous Marathi Stage drama where he regaled in the title role of Moru's aunt.
 Stan Lee Meets Superheroes was a limited non-canonical Marvel Comics series in which comic book writer Stan Lee met one of the characters he has created in each issue. The series was written by Stan Lee himself and is used to celebrate his 65th year as a Marvel Comics employee. The series is marked for its tongue-in-cheek humor and the comic book characters' general dislike of Stan Lee.
 Conan the Formidable is a fantasy novel written by Steve Perry featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in November 1990; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1991 and was reprinted in June 1998.
 Spider Bones is the thirteenth novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 Twice Blessed also known as Twice Blessed: A Novel is a 1992 novel written by Filipino author Ninotchka Rosca. It won the 1993 American Book Award for “excellence in literature”. It is one of Rosca’s novels that recreated the diversity of Filipino culture (the other was State of War). Apart from tracing back Philippine History Rosca also portrayed contemporary Philippine politics delicate events and cultural preferences through the novel.
 Undersökningar i germanisk mythologi (Investigations into Germanic Mythology) is a two-volume work by Viktor Rydberg published in 1886 and 1889.Henrik Schück wrote at the turn of the 20th century that he considered Rydberg the last —and poetically most gifted —of the mythological school founded by Jacob Grimm and represented by such men as Adalbert Kuhn which is strongly synthetic in its understanding of myth.
 The Frozen Deep is an 1856 play originally staged as an amateur theatrical written by Wilkie Collins under the substantial guidance of Charles Dickens. Dickens's hand was so prominent – beside acting in the play for several performances he added a preface altered lines and attended to most of the props and sets – that the principal edition of the play is entitled Under the Management of Charles Dickens. John C.
 Tradita is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Tales from Moominvalley (Swedish: Det osynliga barnet och andra berättelser literally The Invisible Child and other stories) is the sixth book in the Moomin series by Finnish author Tove Jansson. Unlike all the other books which were novels it is a book of short stories and is the longest book in the series. It was first published in 1962 (second edition 1998).
 Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is David R. Matsumoto (San Francisco State University). It has been in publication since 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Island Beneath the Sea is a 2009 novel by Chilean author Isabel Allende. It was first published in the United States by HarperCollins. The book was issued in 2009 in Spanish as La Isla Bajo el Mar and was translated into English by Margaret Sayers Peden who has translated all (except the first) of Allende's books into English.
 Army is the newspaper published for the Australian Army. The paper is produced fortnightly and is uploaded online so that members can access it when deployed overseas.
 The Council of Dads: My Daughters My Illness and the Men Who Could Be Me by Bruce Feiler was written in 2010 and published by William Morrow and Company.
 The Round Table is a collection of essays by William Hazlitt and Leigh Hunt published in 1817. Hazlitt contributed 40 essays while Hunt submitted 12.
 Microscopy and Microanalysis is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers original research in the fields of microscopy imaging and compositional analysis including electron microscopy fluorescence microscopy atomic force microscopy and live-cell imaging.It was established in February 1995 and previews of all articles published are available online. According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2010 impact factor is 3.259.
 Wings is a 1978 play by American playwright Arthur Kopit. Originating as a radio play it was later adapted for stage and screen.In 1976 Kopit was commissioned to write an original radio play by the NPR drama project Earplay. Just prior his father suffered a debilitating stroke which inspired Kopit to write the play about the language disorder and psychological perspective of a stroke victim.
 The Virgin of the Sun is a novel by H Rider Haggard set in South America.
 City of My Dreams (Swedish: Mina drömmars stad) is a 1960 novel by the Swedish writer Per Anders Fogelström. The narrative follows a group of working-class people on Södermalm in Stockholm between 1860 and 1880. It was the first novel in a series of five. It was adapted into a 1976 film with the same title directed by Ingvar Skogsberg.
 The Mind Readers is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in 1965 in the United Kingdom by Chatto & Windus London. It is the eighteenth novel in the Albert Campion series.
 The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a coming-of-age epistolary novel written by American novelist Stephen Chbosky which has spent over a year on the New York Times Bestseller list and is published in 31 languages. It was first published on February 1 1999 by MTV. The story is narrated by an introverted teenager who goes by the alias of Charlie. He describes various life experiences through a series of letters to an anonymous stranger.
 Sekstant is a Slovenian novel. It was first published in 2002.
 Magical Warfare (Japanese: 魔法戦争 Hepburn: Mahō Sensō) is a Japanese light novel series written by Hisashi Suzuki and illustrated by Lunalia. As of January 2014 7 volumes have been published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J label. A manga adaptation by You Ibuki started serialization in the manga magazine Monthly Comic Gene on April 15 2013. A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Madhouse aired from January 9 2014 to March 27 2014.
 Batman: Streets of Gotham is an American comic book written by Paul Dini with art by Dustin Nguyen. The series stars Dick Grayson as the new Batman and ties into Grant Morrison's overarching Batman: Reborn story and the new Gotham City Sirens monthly. The series ran for 21 issues from 2009 to 2011.Streets of Gotham features Batman as the main character but from a street level with other characters providing the main narrative.
 Johnny Got His Gun is an anti-war novel written in 1938 by American novelist and screenwriter Dalton Trumboand published September 1939 by J. B. Lippincott.The novel won one of the early National Book Awards: the Most Original Book of 1939.
 The Drowning is a 2008 novel by Camilla Läckberg. Its Swedish title is Sjöjungfrun literally translated in English as The Mermaid.Like Margaret Atwood's The Blind Assassin The Drowning contains a novel within a novel: 'The Mermaid' is that story.
 Multivariate Behavioral Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Taylor & Francis Group on behalf of the Society of Multivariate Experimental Psychology. Its Impact Factor is 1.29 ranking it 15/42 in Mathematical Methods and 57/81 in Experimental Psychology.
 Philosophical Explorations is a peer reviewed philosophy journal specializing in the philosophy of mind and action.
 Now It's My Turn: A Daughter's Chronicle of Political Life is a memoir by Mary Cheney published in 2006.
 La Civiltà Cattolica (Italian for Catholic Civilization) is a periodical published without interruptions by the Jesuits in Rome Italy since 1850 and is among the oldest of Catholic Italian periodicals. All of the journals articles are the collective responsibility of the entire college of the magazines writers even if published under a single author's name.
 River Cross My Heart is a novel by Breena Clarke and was chosen as an Oprah Book Club Selection October 1999.
 The Wicked Witch of Oz is a novel by Rachel Cosgrove Payes. Written in the early 1950s but not published until four decades later the book is a volume in the series of Oz books by L. Frank Baum and his successors.Cosgrove Payes had published her first Oz book The Hidden Valley of Oz in 1951 with Reilly & Lee the publisher of the Oz series since the time of Baum.
 Suburbia Highschool (also known as Sub High) is a German comic in manga style written and illustrated by David Füleki and first published by Delfinium Prints in 2008.
 Darth Bane: Rule of Two the sequel to the novel Darth Bane: Path of Destruction is part of the Star Wars Expanded Universe. It was written by Drew Karpyshyn and was released on December 26 2007. The novel centers around the young Sith apprentice Darth Zannah recently taken under the wing of the Sith Lord Darth Bane. The Rule of Two of the title requires that there be only two Sith in existence at one time: a Master and an Apprentice.
 Jupiter's Legacy is a 2013-2014 bi-monthly superhero comic book miniseries written by Mark Millar drawn by Frank Quitely colored and lettered by Peter Doherty and published by Image Comics. It is to date the longest series that Millar has published as part of his Millarworld line of creator-owned comics spanning an issue run three times as long as his then-most recent series Super Crooks and Nemesis.
 The Hero with a Thousand Faces (first published in 1949) is a non-fiction book and seminal work of comparative mythology by Joseph Campbell. In this publication Campbell discusses his theory of the journey of the archetypal hero found in world mythologies.Since publication of The Hero with a Thousand Faces Campbell's theory has been consciously applied by a wide variety of modern writers and artists.
 23000 is a 2005 novel by the Russian writer Vladimir Sorokin. The story is set in a brutal Russia of the near future where a meteor has provided a mysterious cult with a material which can make people's hearts speak. The book is the final part in Sorokin's Ice Trilogy; it was preceded by Ice from 2002 and Bro from 2004. It first appeared in an omnibus volume with the whole trilogy.
 Tell Magazine is a weekly newspaper published in Nigeria.As of 2004 the magazine had a circulation of 80000. In 2007 BBC News described it as one of Nigeria's most respected business magazines.
 The Journal of Human Capital is a quarterly peer reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. It covers theoretical and empirical research on the role of human capital in economics. The editor-in-chief is Isaac Ehrlich (State University of New York at Buffalo). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index and Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences.
 Dog Years published in Germany in 1963 as Hundejahre is a novel by Günter Grass. It is the third and last volume of his Danzig Trilogy the other two being The Tin Drum and Cat and Mouse.
 The Gilt Kid is the debut novel by British author James Curtis published in 1936. It is a crime thriller set in 1930s London but also deals with working-class themes in a Social realism style.
 This article is about a book. For history of academic Jesus research see Quest for the historical Jesus.The Quest of the Historical Jesus (German: Geschichte der Leben-Jesu-Forschung literally History of Life-of-Jesus Research) is a 1906 work of Biblical historical criticism written by Albert Schweitzer during the previous year before he began to study for a medical degree.The original edition was translated into English by William Montgomery and published in 1910.
 Resurrection is a Forgotten Realms fantasy novel by Paul S. Kemp and R. A. Salvatore. It is the sixth book of the War of the Spider Queen hexology.
 Set in the 1970s London Legacy is a spy novel by English author Alan Judd. Published in 2001 it continues the story of Charles Thoroughgood first introduced in his debut novel A Breed of Heroes published 20 years earlier. British historian Peter Hennessy described it as 'one of the best spy novels ever'.
 Juma and the Magic Jinn is a children's picture book written by Joy Anderson and illustrated by Charles Mikolaycak. First published in 1986 this folktale with an African setting tells the story of a fictional daydreaming boy named Juma who is living on the real Lamu Island just off the East coast of Kenya. Desiring to be some place where he won't have to study or behave Juma seeks the help of a magical jinn (in English a genie) a decision which leads Juma on misadventures.
 Archiv für Begriffsgeschichte ('Archive for Conceptual History') is a German peer-reviewed academic journal. It was founded by Erich Rothacker and is published by Christian Bermes Ulrich Dierse and Michael Erler. The editor is Annika Hand.
 Gunnar's Daughter is a short novel written by Nobel laureate Sigrid Undset (1882-1949) published in 1909. This was Undset's first historical novel set in the 10th and 11th centuries in Norway and Iceland. The novel follows the tragic romance between the proud Vigdis Gunnarsdatter and the Icelandic Viga-Ljot. The major themes are rape revenge social codes marriage and children bearing the consequences of their parents' acts.
 Doctor Pascal (orig. French Le Docteur Pascal) is the twentieth and final novel of the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola first published in June 1893 by Charpentier. The novel was translated into English by Ernest A. Vizetelly in 1894 (reprinted 1925 and 1995); by Mary J. Serrano in 1898 (reprinted 2005); and by Vladimir Kean in 1957. Zola's plan for the Rougon-Macquart novels was to show how heredity and environment worked on the members of one family over the course of the Second Empire.
 The Grand Sophy is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer. It was first published in 1950 by Heinemann in the UK and Putnam in the U.S. The story is set in 1816.
 Journal of the European Mathematical Society is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by the European Mathematical Society.Founded in 1999 the journal publishes articles on pure and applied mathematics.
 Worlds of Wonder is a collection of three science fiction works by Olaf Stapledon: a short novel a novella and a short story. It was published in 1949 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 500 copies. All of the stories had originally been published in Britain.
 Amrita （アムリタ) is a novel written by Japanese author Banana Yoshimoto (吉本ばなな）in 1994 and translated into English in 1997 by Russell F. Wasden.
 Laugh Comics was a comic book produced by Archie Comics in two volumes from 1946 to 1987 and 1987 to 1991. The title showcased some of the early appearances of the Archie gang. Beginning with issue #145 Josie began making semi-regular appearances (some of her earliest) with art by Dan DeCarlo.
 Sons of Cain is a 1985 play by David Williamson about three female investigative reporters.It looks at the New South Wales Labor government of the 1980s.
 Al-Sabah (English: The Morning) is a daily newspaper published in Kuwait. It also publishes a TV channel at www.alsabahtv.com.The House of Al-Sabah (Arabic: آل صباح) is the ruling family of Kuwait.
 Dolls (観用少女 Kan You Shoujo lit. Ornamental Girls) is a collection of short manga stories by Yumiko Kawahara. In the US it is published by VIZ Media. It was serialized in Nemurenu Yoru no Kimyou na Hanashi (Mysterious Stories for Sleepless Nights) as stated in volume 1 of the English version of Dolls.
 The Baum Bugle: A Journal of Oz is the official journal of The International Wizard of Oz Club. The journal was founded in 1957 with its first issue released in June of that year (to a subscribers' list of sixteen). It publishes three times per year with issues dated Spring Autumn and Winter; Issue No. 1 of Volume 50 appeared in the Spring of 2006. The journal publishes both scholarly and popular articles on L.
 Orientalism (1978) by Edward W. Saïd is a foundational text for the academic field of Post-colonial Studies wherein the denotations and connotations of the term orientalism are expanded to describe what Saïd sees as the false cultural assumptions of the “Western world” facilitating the cultural misrepresentation of the “The Orient” in general and of the Middle East in particular.
 The Silver Key is an adventure module for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Not in the Flesh is 2007 novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell. The novel is the 21st entry in the Inspector Wexford series.
 Hunter is a 1989 novel written by William Luther Pierce the founder and chairman of the National Alliance a white nationalist group under the pseudonym Andrew Macdonald. Pierce also used this pseudonym to write the better-known The Turner Diaries a 1978 novel with similar themes.
 A Writer's Diary (Russian: Дневник писателя; Dnevnik pisatelya) is a collection of non-fiction and fictional writings by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. Taken from pieces written for a periodical which he founded and produced it is normally published in two volumes: the first covering those published between 1873 and 1876 the second from 1877 and 1881.
 Gulf Masika( Malayalam : ഗലഫ്‌ മാസിക ) is a monthly magazine published for expatriate Keralites living in the Gulf countries and for their relatives in Kerala. It is the first monthly magazine exclusively for Gulf Malayalees.
 Russian Beauty - is a novel written by Victor Erofeyev first released in Russia in 1990 and then translated into more than 20 languages. It was published in France under the name « La Belle de Moscou » (Moscow Beauty) in 1991 and in English one year later. The main character is a young woman named Irina Tarakanova. She tells the story of her life mostly about her sexual encounters in a very excessive way.
 Killer Company: James Hardie Exposed is a 2009 Australian book by journalist Matt Peacock. The book documents how the use of harmful asbestos fibre in building materials produced by James Hardie Industries led to the deaths of thousands of workers and customers who were never informed of the dangers.
 Advances and Applications in Bioinformatics and Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in bioinformatics especially as applied to chemistry including computational biomodeling molecular modeling and systems biology. It was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 The Melancholy of Resistance (Hungarian: Az ellenállás melankóliája) is a 1989 novel by the Hungarian writer László Krasznahorkai. The narrative is set in a restless town where a mysterious circus which exhibits a whale and nothing else contributes to an apocalyptic atmosphere. The novel was adapted into the 2000 film Werckmeister Harmonies directed by Béla Tarr.
 Krondor: Tear of the Gods is the third novel in The Riftwar Legacy by acclaimed fantasy author Raymond E. Feist. It is a novelization of the computer game Return to Krondor.
 Written by Antony Beevor Stalingrad is a narrative history of the epic battle fought in and around the city of Stalingrad during World War II as well as the events leading up to it and those which occurred afterward. It was first published by Viking Press in 1998.The book won the first Samuel Johnson Prize the Wolfson History Prize and the Hawthornden Prize for Literature in 1999.
 Superman: The Wedding Album is an American comic book that was published in 1996 by DC Comics. It is notable in that it features the long-awaited wedding of Lois Lane and Superman/Clark Kent in DC continuity an event that was nearly 60 years in the making. Previous weddings involving the characters had all been hoaxes dreams or imaginary tales.
 The Hundred Dresses is a 1944 children's book by Eleanor Estes illustrated by Louis Slobodkin. In the book a young Polish girl named Wanda Petronski goes to a school in an American town where the other children see her as different and mock her. It was a 1945 Newbery Honor book. A 2004 study found that it was a common read-aloud book for third-graders in schools in San Diego County California.
 'Kashmir Times is an Indian English language daily newspaper published from Kashmir India. It was first published in 1954 as a weekly. In 1964 it was converted as a daily. This newspaper is the oldest and largest circulated newspaper of Jammu and Kashmir and it has a total subscription of two million it is world wide also known as key to kashmir affairs.
 Lucy Gayheart is Willa Cather's eleventh novel. It was published in 1935.
 Theory & Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Henderikus J Stam. It has been in publication since 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 How Curious a Land is a history of a Georgia plantation community from 1855 to 1885. The book looks at the political economic and the role of the law and society passing through the Civil War and Reconstruction. It was written by Dr. Jonathan M. Bryant of Georgia Southern University. It was published in 1996 by the University of North Carolina Press. It was republished in 2004 as a paperback.
 The Alien Sea is a fantasy novel by Lucien Soulban set in the Dragonlance campaign series based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The novel is about the Dimernesti Dargonesti and the other underwater creatures of Krynn.
 They Would Never Hurt a Fly (Croatian: Oni ne bi ni mrava zgazili) is a 2004 historical non-fiction novel by Slavenka Drakulić discussing the personalities of the war criminals on trial in the Hague that destroyed the former Yugoslavia (see International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia). Drakulić uses certain trials of alleged criminals with subordinate power to further examine and understand the reasoning behind their misconducts. Most of those discussed are already convicted.
 The Sun is a daily tabloid newspaper published in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It is published by the News Group Newspapers division of News UK itself a wholly owned subsidiary of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.The Sun had the largest circulation of any daily newspaper in the United Kingdom but in late 2013 slipped to second largest Saturday newspaper behind the Daily Mail. It had an average daily circulation of 2069809 copies in March 2014.
 Sarpsborg Arbeiderblad is a local newspaper in Sarpsborg Norway. It is published six days a week. The chief editor is Bernt Frode Lyngstad.It was established in 1929 after the demise of Østfold Arbeiderblad and was affiliated with the Labour Party. However the newspaper ultimately became non-partisan. It was stopped between October 1940 and May 1945 during the German occupation of Norway.It has a circulation of 13595 of whom 13345 are subscribers.
 The School for Scandal is a play written by Richard Brinsley Sheridan. It was first performed in London at Drury Lane Theatre on 8 May 1777.
 Magical Circle Guru Guru (魔法陣グルグル Mahōjin Guru Guru) is a manga by Hiroyuki Etō which was serialized in Enix's Monthly Shōnen Gangan from 1992 to 2003. It was later adapted into an anime series on October 13 1994.Mahōjin Guru Guru is a light-hearted series aimed at older children; it contains occasional toilet gags and some innuendo that might startle western parents. It also is a parody of early role-playing video games (RPGs) particularly turn-based games such as the Dragon Quest games.
 Boba Fett: Pursuit is a 2004 children's book by Elizabeth Hand set in the Star Wars Expanded Universe a few months before the events of Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. It was published by Scholastic Press on October 1 2004.In August 2008 the first three books in this series were repackaged as a Borders exclusive hardcover edition. The book is listed as Part I and it is expected that the second three books will receive similar treatment.
 A Son of the People a book by Baroness Orczy is 'a romance of the plains' set in her native Hungary.
 DUB founded in January 2000 is a North American magazine covering urban custom car culture and also features celebrities and their vehicles. The magazine also launched the DUB Magazine Custom Auto Show & Concert a nationwide car show and concert tour that spans 16 United States cities. DUB now has many licensed goods that include Jada Toys' DUB City die-cast and radio controlled vehicles DUB Edition car accessories and Rockstar Games' Midnight Club 3: DUB Edition video game.
 Julia's Kitchen Wisdom (Knopf 2000 ISBN 0-375-41151-8) is a book of cooking principles first published in 2000 that was based on the notebook of the famous American television chef Julia Child. It accompanied a TV special of the same name and was compiled by co-author David Nussbaum who had worked with Child and Jacques Pépin on their book of the previous year Julia and Jacques Cooking at Home.
 Dreaming in Code: Two Dozen Programmers Three Years 4732 Bugs and One Quest for Transcendent Software is a (2007) Random House literary nonfiction book by Salon.com editor and journalist Scott Rosenberg.
 The Undying Fire a 1919 novel by H. G. Wells is a modern retelling of the story of Job. Like the Book of Job it consists of a prologue in heaven an exchange of speeches with four visitors a dialogue between the protagonist and God and an epilogue in which the protagonist's fortunes are restored. The novel is dedicated to All Schoolmasters and Schoolmistresses and every Teacher in the World.
 Sharpe's Sword is a historical novel by Bernard Cornwell and covers the summer campaign of 1812 and the Battle of Salamanca on July 22 1812. Sharpe and his friend Sergeant Harper find themselves in a secret war of spies while hunting down the sadistic and highly dangerous Colonel Philippe Leroux.
 Cloth Road (クロスロオド) is a manga written by Hideyuki Kurata (Read or Die) and illustrated by Okama. Cloth Road is currently 11 volumes in length in Japan. The last chapter of the series ran in the June issue of the monthly manga magazine Ultra Jump.The premise of Cloth Road is that with the increased miniaturization of computer technology it becomes possible to integrate computers into clothing creating clothes which are manipulatable by their wearers.
 Great Science Fiction Stories About Mars is a 1966 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by T. E. Dikty and published by Fredrick Fell. Most of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Startling Stories Argosy Thrilling Wonder Stories Amazing Stories Super Science Stories and Astounding.
 Reinventing Fire: Bold Business Solutions for the New Energy Era is a 2011 book by Amory B. Lovins and the Rocky Mountain Institute that explores converting the United States to almost total reliance on renewable energy sources such as solar energy and wind power.
 InuYasha (犬夜叉) also known as InuYasha: Feudal Fairy Tale (戦国御伽草子 犬夜叉 Sengoku Otogizōshi InuYasha) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi. It premiered in Weekly Shōnen Sunday on November 13 1996 and concluded on June 18 2008 with the chapters collected into 56 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
 The Homunculus is a fantasy novel by author David H. Keller M.D.. It was first published in 1949 by Prime Press in an edition of 2112 copies of which 112 were slipcased and signed by the author.
 CQ Amateur Radio (also known simply as CQ or CQ magazine and formerly as CQ: The Radio Amateur's Journal) (OCLC 310821852) is a magazine for amateur radio enthusiasts. The English language edition is read worldwide; Spanish language edition is published in Spain with some translations of articles from the English language edition and some original European content.
 'EYE SPY' The foremost eye surgeon of his age Dr. Amadeus Kaine is feted the world over sought after by A-list celebrities millionaires and despots alike. Fascinated with the idea of obscure cuisine Kaine is not ashamed to taste fare that others might find repulsive or downright shocking.
 The Tyneside Songster (or to give it its full title – The Tyneside Songster containing a splendid collection of Local Songs by popular Authors in the Northumbrian Dialect Printed by J W Swanston 67 & 69 St Andrews Street Newcastle and may be had at all Booksellers Newsagents &c is a chapbook of Geordie folk song consisting of 39 songs crammed into its meagre 16 pages and published in the 1880s by J. W. Swanston a Newcastle printer and publisher.
 The Montreal Witness was an English-language Protestant newspaper published in Montreal from 1845 to 1938.
 Doomsday Deck is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Commentarii de Bello Civili (Commentaries on the Civil War) or Bellum Civile is an account written by Julius Caesar of his war against Gnaeus Pompeius and the Senate. Shorter than its counterpart on the Gallic War only three books long and possibly unfinished it covers the events of 49-48 BC from shortly before Caesar's invasion of Italy to Pompey's defeat at the Battle of Pharsalus and flight to Egypt with Caesar in pursuit.
 Tea is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetryHarmonium. It was firstpublished in 1915 in the journal Rogue so it is in the public domain.Eleanor Cook observes that Tea is one of two seemingly (but far from) slight poems that close both editions of Harmonium adding that this eight-line one-sentence free-verse virtuoso performance offers a very effective implicit leave-taking.
 The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers are a trio of underground comic strip characters created by the U.S. artist Gilbert Shelton. The Freak Brothers first appeared in The Rag an underground newspaper published in Austin Texas beginning in May 1968; and were regularly reprinted in underground papers around the United States and in other parts of the world.
 The News Letter is one of Northern Ireland's main daily newspapers published Monday to Saturday. It is the oldest English language general daily newspaper still in publication in the world having first been printed in 1737.The newspaper's editorial stance and readership while originally republican is strongly unionist. Its primary competitors are the Belfast Telegraph and the Irish News.
 The Zen of CSS Design: Visual Enlightenment for the Web is a book by web designers Dave Shea and Molly E. Holzschlag published in 2005. The book is based on 36 designs featured at the CSS Zen Garden resource an online showcase of CSS-based design. The process that each designer took in coming up with the final design is examined in each case study.It was reviewed favorably by freelance Web designer Karen Morrill-McClure of Digital Web Magazine:
 The Devil Finds Work is a book length essay by writer James Baldwin. Published in 1976 it is both a memoir of his experiences watching movies and a critique of the racial politics of American cinema. It opens with a discussion of a Joan Crawford film which is the first movie Baldwin can remember seeing and ends with a discussion of The Exorcist which came out in 1973. Among the other movies discussed are Guess Who's Coming to Dinner In the Heat of the Night and The Defiant Ones.
 Hide and Seek is a 1997 novel written by thriller novel writer James Patterson.
 The Independent Command is the third of the three science fiction novels of the Flight Engineer by S. M. Stirling and James Doohan.
 The Journal of Asian and African Studies is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the fields of Asian and African studies. The journal's editor-in-chief is Nigel C. Gibson (Emerson College). It was established in 1966 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Cthulhu's Reign is an anthology of original horror short stories edited by Darrell Schweitzer. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in April 2010.The book collects fifteen short stories by various authors with an introduction by the editor. All share the Cthulhu Mythos setting originated by H. P.
 Lions' Commentary on UNIX 6th Edition with Source Code by John Lions (1976) contains the complete source code of the 6th Edition Unix kernel plus a commentary. It is commonly referred to as the Lions book. Despite its age it is still considered an excellent commentary on simple but high quality code.For many years the Lions Book was the only Unix kernel documentation available outside Bell Labs.
 An Amateur Laborer is an autobiographical book by Theodore Dreiser.
 Environmental Earth Sciences is an international multidisciplinary scientific journal published 24 times a year by Springer. The journal concerned with all aspects of interaction between humans natural resources and ecosystem special climates or unique geographic zones and the earth. Subject areas: Water and soil contamination caused by waste management; environmental problems associated with transportation by land air and water. Geological processe that may impact biosystems or humans.
 Broke: The Plan to Restore Our Trust Truth and Treasure (also known as 'Broke') is a book by Glenn Beck released in October 2010.
 The Silver Mistress is the title of an action-adventure novel by Peter O'Donnell which was first published in the United Kingdom in 1973. It was the seventh book of adventures featuring O'Donnell's comic strip heroine Modesty Blaise.
 Belgarath the Sorcerer is a book by David Eddings and Leigh Eddings.Set in the same universe as the Eddings' The Belgariad and The Malloreon it is effectively one big flashback (or a prequel) to the other series although the framework story is set after the events of The Malloreon.The book opens shortly after the end of The Malloreon with Belgarion with help from Durnik pestering Belgarath to write an autobiographical account of the events prior to The Belgariad.
 The Cat Inside is the title of an autobiographical novella written by William S. Burroughs and illustrated by Brion Gysin. The book was first published by Grenfell Press in 1986 in an edition of only 133 copies; it was later reissued by Viking Press in 1992 in a mass market hardcover edition.In the book Burroughs a noted lover of cats reminisces about the many cats in his life.
 Darkness Visible is a 1979 novel by British author William Golding. The book won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize. The title comes from Paradise Lost from the line No light but rather darkness visible.The novel narrates a struggle between good and evil using naïveté sexuality and spirituality throughout.
 Mockingbird is a science fiction novel by Walter Tevis published in 1980 by Doubleday. It was nominated for a Nebula Award for Best Novel.
 The Apprentice is a 2002 novel written by Tess Gerritsen second book of the Maura Isles/Jane Rizzoli series. Both the hardcover and paperback editions reached number 10 in The New York Times Best Seller lists.
 The Newton Daily News is a semi-daily newspaper published weekdays based in Newton Iowa. The newspaper is owned by Shaw Newspapers.
 that's life! (usually abbreviated to TL!) is an Australian magazine published each Thursday by Pacific Magazines. TL! is a reality-based magazine with most stories contributed by its readers. It was originally aimed at a 25+ female demographic but it appeals to all ages and genders especially the puzzle section where one can win an array of prizes. It costs $3.10 when sold in Australia. The magazine's major rival is Take 5.
 Arthur is a student newspaper of Trent University based in Peterborough Ontario Canada. It has a circulation of 3000. Arthur is funded through a non-refundable levy from every full-time student at the university. Articles for Arthur are produced by a staff collective of paid staff and volunteer writers who meet weekly to plan the next issue in Sadleir House the historic building which houses its office.
 Jeeves in the Offing is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on 4 April 1960 by Simon & Schuster Inc. New York under the title How Right You Are Jeeves and in the United Kingdom on 12 August 1960 by Herbert Jenkins London.The plot is as follows: With Jeeves on vacation Bertie is a guest at his Aunt Dahlia's spacious residence Brinkley Court.
 Wogs Out of Work is an Australian play which was written by Nick Giannopoulos Simon Palomares and Maria Portesi.It debuted in 1987 at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival and was enormously successful touring for a number of years.
 Al-Kamal fi Asma' al-Rijal (Arabic: الكمال في أسماء الرجال‎) is a collection of biographies of hadith narrators within the Islamic discipline of biographical evaluation by the 12th-century Islamic scholar Abd al-Ghani al-Maqdisi.
 A room overlooking the Nile (Arabic: غرفة ترى النيل‎) is Ezzat el Kamhawi's second novel and fifth book first edition by Merit Publishing in Egypt 2004 & Dar Al Howar in Latakia - Syria 2004 second edition by Merit Publishing 2006.
 Antorcha ('Torch') was a newspaper published from Las Palmas Spain. Antorcha was founded as a fortnightly publication in 1935. The newspaper was mainly theoretical in its nature. Antorcha was published by the Manual and Intellectual Workers Syndicate of the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT).At the time of the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in July 1936 publication stopped. Antorcha would later appear as a clandestine organ during the 1940s.
 House of the Tiger King is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author Tahir Shah.When the Spanish Conquistadors swept through Peru in the sixteenth century they were searching for great golden treasure. In 1572 they stormed the Inca stronghold of Vilcabamba only to find the city deserted burned and already stripped of its wealth.
 Kenobi's Blade is the sixth volume in the Junior Jedi Knights series. It was written by Rebecca Moesta in 1997.
 Polaris is a Nebula Award-nominated science fiction mystery novel by Jack McDevitt. It is the second book of his Alex Benedict series. Antiquities dealer Alex Benedict and his employee Chase Kolpath become involved in a mystery involving the disappearance of the passengers and crew of an interstellar yacht from 60 years earlier.
 Arm of Kannon originally titled Birth (バース Bāsu) in Japan is a manga by Masakazu Yamaguchi (山口 譲司 Yamaguchi Masakazu). The series was licensed in English by Tokyopop; the Tokyopop version of the manga is out of print as of August 31 2009.
 Shaman's Crossing is a book by Robin Hobb the first in her Soldier Son Trilogy. It is written in first-person narrative from the viewpoint of Nevare Burvelle and follows his life through his first year in the King's Cavalla Academy.
 The Kennebec Journal is a seven-day morning daily newspaper published in Augusta Maine. It is owned by MaineToday Media which also publishes the state's largest newspaper the Portland Press Herald.The newspaper covers the capital area and southern Kennebec County.For much of the 20th century the Journal (along with its sister papers the Press Herald and Morning Sentinel) was part of Guy Gannett Communications a family-owned media company based in Maine.
 Bigger Deal: A Year Inside the Poker Boom is Anthony Holden's followup to his 1990 book Big Deal: A Year as a Professional Poker Player. The book follows Holden's return to professional poker fifteen years after his last adventure ended.
 The Great Dinosaur Robbery is a now out-of-print book released in 1970 and written by David Eliades and Robert Forrest Webb under the pseudonym of David Forrest. The book was later the basis for the 1975 film One of Our Dinosaurs Is Missing.
 For the UK student newspaper see The Gateway (student newspaper).For the shopping complex in Salt Lake City Utah see Gateway District.The Gateway is the student newspaper at the University of Alberta Edmonton Alberta Canada.
 Journal to Eliza (1767) is a work by British author Laurence Sterne. It was published posthumously in 1904.[1][2] It was written for Mrs. Elizabeth Draper whom he had met when she visited England in 1766-1767.[3][4]
 Dog World was a monthly magazine aimed at the community of serious dog enthusiasts and participants including breeders; conformation exhibitors; obedience agility herding and field trial competitors; veterinarians; groomers; and trainers. The magazine is owned by BowTie Inc. The first issue was published in January 1916 and the final issue was published in September 2012. It should not to be confused with the weekly Dog World (newspaper) published in the UK.
 The Third World War: The Untold Story is a novel by Sir John Hackett of a fictional third world war between NATO and Warsaw Pact forces breaking out in 1985 written in the style of a non-fictional historical account. The book was published in 1982 by Macmillan in New York and Sidgwick & Jackson in London.The book is an update to his 1978 novel The Third World War: August 1985.
 The Zürau Aphorisms (German: Die Zürauer Aphorismen) are 109 aphorisms of Franz Kafka written from September 1917 to April 1918 and published by his friend Max Brod in 1931 after his death. They are selected from his writing in Zürau in West Bohemia (now Siřem in the community of Blšany) where he stayed with his sister Ottla suffering from tuberculosis.
 Lies That Chelsea Handler Told Me is the fourth book by American comedian Chelsea Handler that was published in May 2011. This book was a part of a three book deal Handler signed in November 2010. The book was followed by a Lies That Chelsea Handler Told Me Tour on which Handler was accompanied by the Comedians of Chelsea Lately.
 Horrid Henry is the first book of the Horrid Henry series. It was published in 1994 and written by Francesca Simon and illustrated by Tony Ross.
 The Blessing is a comic satirical novel by Nancy Mitford first published in 1951.
 The California Aggie is a weekly newspaper distributed in the Davis California area. It is staffed entirely by UC Davis students and is the official campus newspaper.
 The Shadowlands is a children's fantasy novel by Emily Rodda. It was published in 2002 by Scholastic. It is the third and final book in the Deltora Shadowlands series the second series in the Deltora Quest saga. It is preceded by The Isle of Illusion.
 Damian and the Dragon: Modern Greek Folk-Tales is a 1965 anthology of 21 tales that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders.It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders. This book was published in the United Kingdom in 1965 by Oxford University Press.
 Mark Wilson's Complete Course in Magic is a book on magic written by Mark Wilson the stage magician.The book is a popular reference for magicians and has been in print since its first issue in 1975.
 Chemico-Biological Interactions is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering toxicological aspects of interactions between chemicals and biological systems.
 It's OK I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers is a bestselling young adult novel by Louise Rennison the second in the Confessions of Georgia Nicolson series. It was published in the US as On the Bright Side I'm Now the Girlfriend of a Sex God. Elements of the book were used in the film Angus Thongs and Perfect Snogging.
 The Cossacks (Russian: Казаки [Kazaki]) is a short novel by Leo Tolstoy published in 1863 in the popular literary magazine The Russian Messenger. It was originally called Young Manhood. Both Ivan Turgenev and the Nobel prize-winning Russian writer Ivan Bunin gave the work great praise Turgenev calling it his favorite work by Tolstoy. Tolstoy began work on the story in August 1853. In August 1857 after having reread Iliad he vowed to completely rewrite The Cossacks.
 Majma' al-Zawa'id wa Manba' al-Fawa'id (Arabic: مجمع الزوايد ومنبع الفوايد‎) is a secondary hadith collection written by Ali ibn Abu Bakr al-Haythami (1335—1404 CE/735—807 AH). It compiles the 'unique' hadith of earlier primary collections.
 Message From Nam is a fiction novel written by Danielle Steel and published by Dell Publishing in October 1990.
 Chhinnamastar Abhishap is a Bengali novel by Satyajit Ray featuring private detective Feluda.
 Musubi no Yama Hiroku (産霊山秘録 The Secret History of Mt. Musubi) is an epic historical fantasy novel by Ryō Hanmura. It is a multi-generational saga reinterpreting 400 years of Japan's history through the perspective of a secretive family with mystical capabilities. The novel is widely considered one of the masterpieces of Japanese fantasy literature. It won the first Izumi Kyōka Prize for Literature in 1973.
 The Complete Druid's Handbook is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Fourth Hand is a 2001 novel written by American novelist John Irving. It is his 10th published novel.
 The Gem in the Tower is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It is a rewritten version of Black Moonlight an earlier story by Carter alone featuring his own sword and sorcery character Thongor. As a Thongor story it was first published in the magazine Fantastic in the issue for November 1976 and was reprinted in the anthology The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 3 (DAW Books 1977).
 Honolulu is a city magazine covering Honolulu and the Hawaii region. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).
 Administrative Science Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of organizational studies. The journal was established in 1956 and is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University. For 2007 it was ranked as the #16 academic journal in business by Financial Times.
 The Mandalorian Armor is a Star Wars Expanded Universe novel.
 'A Dog's Tale' is a short story written by Mark Twain. It first appeared in the December 1903 issue of Harper's magazine. In January of the following year it was extracted into a stand-alone pamphlet published for the National Anti-Vivisection Society. Still later in 1904 it was expanded into a book published by Harper & Brothers.
 My Stroke of Insight (2008) is a non-fiction book by American author Jill Bolte Taylor. In it she tells of her experience in 1996 of having a stroke in her left hemisphere and how that gave her insight into brain functioning particularly as it relates to the different functions of the two brain hemispheres. It is Taylor's first book.
 The Dhimmi: Jews and Christians Under Islam is a book by Bat Ye'or.The book was first published in French in 1980 and was titled Le Dhimmi : Profil de l'opprimé en Orient et en Afrique du Nord depuis la conquête Arabe (The Dhimmi: Profile of the oppressed in the Orient and in North Africa since the Arab conquest). It was translated into English and published in 1985 under the name The Dhimmi: Jews and Christians Under Islam.
 How We Are Hungry is a collection of short stories by Dave Eggers originally published by McSweeney's in 2004. The hardcover first edition includes the following pieces:
 Japan's Imperial Conspiracy is a nonfiction historical work by David Bergamini.
 alphabet is one of the most well-known poems of Inger Christensen who was broadly considered to be Denmark's most prominent poet. The poem was originally published in 1981 in Danish as alfabet. An English language translation by Susanna Nied won the American-Scandinavian PEN Translation Prize in 1982.
 Cancer Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Association for Cancer Research. It covers research on all aspects of cancer and cancer-related biomedical sciences and was established in 1941. The editor-in-chief is George C. Prendergast (Lankenau Institute for Medical Research).
 Dagens it is a biweekly newspaper covering the IT business sector published by Norges Handels og Sjøfartstidende (NHST) in Oslo Norway. The newspaper was originally founded as Business in 1992 but was bought by NHST in 2005 and relaunched as a supplement of the business newspaper Dagens Næringsliv.
 The International Journal of Social Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covering research in the field of social psychiatry. The journal's editor-in-chief is Dinesh Bhugra (King's College London). It was established 1955 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Master Class is a play by Terrence McNally with incidental music by Giuseppe Verdi Giacomo Puccini and Vincenzo Bellini.The play originally was staged by the Philadelphia Theatre Company and the Mark Taper Forum. After twelve previews the Broadway production directed by Leonard Foglia opened on November 15 1995 at the John Golden Theatre where it ran for 598 performances. The original cast included Zoe Caldwell Audra McDonald Karen Kay Cody David Loud and Jay Hunter Morris.
 Mushibugyo (ムシブギョー Mushibugyō) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiroshi Fukuda. A second series Jōjū Senjin!! Mushibugyō a retelling of the original series started in 2011. An anime television series adaptation premiered on April 8 2013.
 The Hammer and the Cross is the first part in a trilogy written by Harry Harrison and John Holm a pseudonym for the Tolkien scholar Tom Shippey. The book chronicles the rise of the protagonist Shef bastard son of a Viking and an English lady.
 The Trellisane Confrontation is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by David Dvorkin.
 The Enemy Within: Saving America from the Liberal Assault on Our Schools Faith and Military radio talk show host Michael Savage's nineteenth book was published in 2003 and spent seven weeks on the New York Times best seller list peaking at #7.
 Madea's Big Happy Family is a 2010 American musical play created written produced and directed by Tyler Perry. It stars Tyler Perry as Mabel Madea Simmons Cassi Davis as Aunt Bam Palmer Williams Jr. as Uncle Monroe and Chandra Currelley-Young as Shirley.Perry began writing Big Happy Family after the death of his mother in December 2009. The main character of Shirley is based on her.
 Civilization and Its Discontents is a book by Sigmund Freud. Written in 1929 and first published in German in 1930 as Das Unbehagen in der Kultur (The Uneasiness in Culture). It is considered one of Freud's most important and widely read works.
 The American Journal of Human Genetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of human genetics. It was established in 1948 by the American Society of Human Genetics and covers all aspects of heredity in humans including the application of genetics in medicine and public policy as well as the related areas of molecular and cell biology. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 11.202.
 Pretty Face (プリティフェイス Puriti Feisu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Japanese author Yasuhiro Kano. The story revolves around a high school boy who suffers an accident and having his face reconstructed in the form of his crush attempts to impersonate a girl who his crush mistakes for her twin sister.
 Probability in the Engineering and Informational Sciences is an international journal published by Cambridge University Press. The founding Editor-in-chief is Sheldon M. Ross.
 Official Nintendo Magazine or ONM is a British and Australian video game magazine which covers the Nintendo DS Nintendo 3DS Wii and Wii U video game consoles released by Nintendo.Originally published by EMAP(OCLC 52080622) as Nintendo Magazine System the magazine first covered the Nintendo Entertainment System Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy consoles and was later renamed to Nintendo Magazine Nintendo Official Magazine then briefly Nintendo Official Magazine UK.
 Ninth Grade Slays is a novel by Heather Brewer and the second of five books in the The Chronicles of Vladimir Tod collection. It is a continuation of the first book: Eighth Grade Bites. Vladimir Tod (now in high school) faces new problems such as the bullied Edgar Poe trying to prove Vlad is a vampire after Halloween night the news a slayer is in town and a mysterious vampire named Jasik hunting him down.
 Echternacher Anzeiger was a newspaper published in Luxembourg between 1863 and 1940.
 Dream Park is a 1981 novel written by Larry Niven and Steven Barnes set in a futuristic amusement park of the same name. It was later expanded into a series of books.The books describe a futuristic form of live action role-playing games (LARPs) although the term was not in use when the original novel was published. The novels inspired many LARP groups notably the International Fantasy Games Society named after a fictional entity in the book.
 Kiss of the Fur Queen is a novel by Tomson Highway. It was first published by Doubleday Canada in September 1998.The novel's main characters are Champion and Ooneemeetoo Okimasis two young Cree brothers from Eemanipiteepitat in northern Manitoba who are taken from their family and sent to a residential school. Their language is forbidden their names are changed to Jeremiah and Gabriel and the boys are sexually abused by priests.
 The Course of Theoretical Physics is a ten-volume series of books covering theoretical physics that was initiated by Lev Landau and written in collaboration with his student Evgeny Lifshitz starting in the late 1930s.It is said that Landau composed much of the series in his head while in an NKVD prison in 1938-39. However almost all of the actual writing of the early volumes was done by Lifshitz giving rise to the often repeated witticism not a word of Landau and not a thought of Lifshitz.
 The Journal of Multilingual and Multicultural Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of topics in the sociology and social psychology of language in language and cultural politics policy planning and practice. The editor-in-chief is John Robert Edwards. It was established in 1980 and is published in 7 issues per year by Routledge.
 Flash Comics was an anthology comic book published by All-American Publications and later National Periodicals (DC Comics). The title ran for 104 issues between January 1940 to February 1949. Although the name of the comic book was Flash Comics the Flash was only one of many different series featured in the magazine.
 What Dreams May Come is a 1978 novel by Richard Matheson. The plot centers on Chris a man who dies then goes to Heaven but descends into Hell to rescue his wife. It was adapted in 1998 into an Academy Award-winning movie of the same title starring Robin Williams Cuba Gooding Jr. and Annabella Sciorra.Matheson stated in an interview I think What Dreams May Come is the most important (read effective) book I've written.
 De Re Atari is a book written by Atari Inc. employees in 1981 and published by the Atari Program Exchange the year after. Targeted at developers it documents the advanced features of the Atari 8-bit family of home computers and includes ideas for how to use them in applications.The information in De Re Atari was not available in a single collected source at the time of publication.
 The Journal of the ACM is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering computer science in general especially theoretical aspects. It is an official journal of the Association for Computing Machinery. Its current editor-in-chief is Victor Vianu (University of California San Diego).The journal was established in 1954 and computer scientists universally hold the Journal of the ACM (JACM) in high esteem.
 The Woodward News is a six-day daily newspaper based in Woodward Oklahoma. The newspaper is distributed six mornings per week Tuesday through Sunday. The newspaper is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. The newspaper is 50 cents daily and $1 Sunday. It began publication in 1984.
 Religion Explained: The Evolutionary Origins of Religious Thought is a book by cognitive anthropologist Pascal Boyer that discusses the evolutionary psychology of religion and evolutionary origin of religions.
 Earth Begotten is a companion book to Jacqueline Carey's Kushiel's Legacy fantasy series. It is essentially a prelude to the tales of Terre d'Ange and explores the mythology and origins of Blessed Elua and his seven angelic companions. Whilst the story is very short fewer than 1500 words it builds on references to Elua and His Companions throughout the series and elaborates on Elua's conception and ascension to the 'true Terre d'Ange that lies beyond'.
 Secrets of the Lamp is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 Kim is a picaresque novel by Nobel Prize-winning English author Rudyard Kipling. It was first published serially in McClure's Magazine from December 1900 to October 1901 as well as in Cassell's Magazine from January to November 1901 and first published in book form by Macmillan & Co. Ltd in October 1901. The story unfolds against the backdrop of The Great Game the political conflict between Russia and Britain in Central Asia.
 The Journal of Applied Toxicology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1981 by John Wiley & Sons. It covers all aspects of toxicology and publishes reviews and research articles on mechanistic fundamental and applied research relating to the toxicity of drugs and chemicals at the molecular cellular tissue target organ and whole body level both in vivo (by all routes of exposure) and in vitro/ex vivo.The current editor-in-chief is Philip W.
 All Together Now: Common Sense for a Fair Economy (ISBN 978-1-57675-387-5) is a book written by Jared Bernstein Chief Economist and Economic Policy Advisor to Vice President Joe Biden and published in 2006. In it Bernstein lays the groundwork of what he argues are deep-rooted problems within the U.S. economic system and offers a collaborative solution in which economic risk is shouldered equally at all levels.
 The International Journal of Nanoscience is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed scientific journal published by World Scientific. It covers research in nanometer scale science and technology with articles ranging from the basic science of nanoscale physics and chemistry to applications in nanodevices quantum engineering and quantum computing.
 Faiths of Eberron (ISBN 0-7869-3934-6) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Dead Man's Handle is the title of a 1985 action-adventure/spy novel written by Peter O'Donnell. It was the eleventh and final full-length novel chronicling the adventures of O'Donnell's comic strip creation Modesty Blaise. Although O'Donnell continued to write the comic strip he did not write any further Modesty Blaise literature until the 1996 volume Cobra Trap which consisted of short stories.
 A Course of Pure Mathematics is a classic textbook in introductory mathematical analysis written by G. H. Hardy. It is recommended for people studying calculus. First published in 1908 it went through ten editions (up to 1952) and several reprints. It is now out of copyright in UK and is downloadable from various internet web sites. It remains one of the most popular books on pure mathematics.
 The Journal of Solid State Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. The journal covers the chemical structural thermodynamic electronic and electromagnetic characteristics and properties of solids including ceramics and amorphous materials. The editor-in-chief is M.G. Kanatzidis (Northwestern University).
 Crisis on Centaurus is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Brad Ferguson.
 Murmuring the Judges is a 1998 novel by Quintin Jardine. It is the eighth of the Bob Skinner novels.
 Black Book (Dutch: Zwartboek) is a Dutch-language 2006 thriller novel by Laurens Abbink Spaink. It is the novelization of the Dutch film Black Book (2006). It tells the story of a young Jewish woman Rachel Stein and her struggle for survival during and after the Second World War. The book has a photo section and an afterword by Paul Verhoeven and Gerard Soeteman.
 Dynamic Heroes (ダイナミックヒーローズ dainamikku hi^ro^zu) also known as Nagai Go Manga Gaiden - Dynamic Heroes (永井豪まんが外伝 ダイナミックヒーローズ nagai gou manga gaiden dainamikku hi^ro^zu) and as Go Nagai manga heroes crossover collection - Dynamic Heroes is a Japanese manga based in several works of Go Nagai including most of his most famous robots such as Mazinger Z Getter Robot Great Mazinger and UFO Robot Grendizer and also several characters from other series such as Cutie Honey and Devilman.
 The Moon and the Sun by Vonda N. McIntyre was published in 1997. The book combines two major genres: science fiction and historical romance (also known as alternate history). It won the Intergalactic Award for Best Novel in 1997 and has recently been chosen to be adapted into a movie (see The Moon and the Sun (film adaptation)). The book also won the Nebula Award in 1997 beating out A Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin.
 Marked by Fire (1982) is a novel by Joyce Carol Thomas. Thomas and Paula Fox (A Place Apart) shared the 1983 National Book Award for Children's Books in category Fiction Paperback.The story follows the life of Abyssinia Abby Jackson whose home in Oklahoma is destroyed by a tornado and fire. whose fathers name was strong and mother patience.
 The Trail Daily Times is the local daily newspaper of Trail British Columbia Canada. It is owned by Victoria-based Black Press the largest publisher of weekly newspapers in British Columbia.The Daily Times is the paper of record for Trail and several surrounding communities. It publishes Tuesdays through Fridays. It has carried several different names since being founded as the Trail Creek News in 1895.
 The International Journal of Biological Sciences is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by Ivyspring International Publisher. It publishes original articles reviews and short research communications in all areas of biological sciences. Articles are archived in PubMed Central. The editor-in-chief is Chuxia Deng (National Institutes of Health).
 Andersonville is a novel by MacKinlay Kantor concerning the Confederate prisoner of war camp Andersonville prison during the American Civil War (1861–1865). The novel was originally published in 1955 and won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction the following year.
 Frank in the River is a 24-page comic story by Jim Woodring. Like all Frank stories Frank in the River is virtually wordless and the story is conveyed entirely in pantomime.
 Fighting For Our Lives is a pamphlet published by CrimethInc. a U.S. based anarchist collective. According to the authors this pamphlet discusses in simple language what is anarchist in everyday life and how those spheres of cooperation can be expanded. Since its initial publication 600000 copies have been produced for free distribution (as of May 2008).
 The Monkey and the Tiger book pairs two unrelated short gong'an detective novels written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). Both stories are fictions based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book contains eight illustrations and a map all by the author.
 Showdown is a romantic adventure novel written by famous Tasmanian-born actor Errol Flynn (1909-1959). It was first published in 1946 by Invincible Press (Australia) and subsequently in the UK in 1952 and in paperback in 1961. Flynn draws on his experiences working in and around New Guinea when young to provide the background.
 Leviathan or The Matter Forme and Power of a Common Wealth Ecclesiasticall and Civil — commonly referred to as Leviathan — is a book written by Thomas Hobbes (1588–1679) and published in 1651. Its name derives from the biblical Leviathan. The work concerns the structure of society and legitimate government and is regarded as one of the earliest and most influential examples of social contract theory.
 Ultra Cute (うるきゅー Urukyū romanized as Ultra Cute) is a manga series written and illustrated Nami Akimoto. Originally serialized in Japan in Nakayoshi the individual chapters were collected and published in nine tankōbon volumes by Kodansha between January 2000 and October 2003. The series focus on friends Ami Uzuki and Noa Kurosawa who compete with each other over the same potential boyfriends usually scaring them away.
 A Tale of the House of the Wolfings and All the Kindreds of the Mark is a fantasy novel by William Morris perhaps the first modern fantasy writer to unite an imaginary world with the element of the supernatural and thus the precursor of much of present-day fantasy literature. It was first published in hardcover by Reeves and Turner in 1889.
 Soon I Will Be Invincible is a novel by Austin Grossman. It was published by Pantheon Books and released on June 5 2007. The novel uses two alternating first person narratives. One narrative is told from the point-of-view of Fatale a female cyborg who is recruited by the superhero group The New Champions as they investigate the disappearance of superhero CoreFire. The other narrative is told from the point-of-view of Dr.
 My Turn: The Memoirs of Nancy Reagan is an autobiography authored by former First Lady of the United States Nancy Reagan. It was published by Random House in 1989.
 Phoenix is the fifth book in Steven Brust's Vlad Taltos series set in the fantasy world of Dragaera. Originally published in 1990 by Ace Books it was reprinted in 2002 along with Taltos in the omnibus The Book of Taltos. Following the trend of the Vlad Taltos books it is named after one of the Great Houses and features that House as an important element to its plot.
 By This Axe I Rule by Robert E. Howard is the last of Howard's Kull stories set in his fictional Thurian Age. It was first published in the Lancer Books paperback King Kull in 1967.This story was rejected by the pulp magazines Argosy and Adventure in 1929 after which Howard rewrote it substituting a new secondary plot. It was published in December 1932.
 Monatsschrift für die Geschichte und Wissenschaft des Judenthums (Monthly magazine for science and history of Judaism abbreviated to MGWJ) is a monthly journal devoted to the science of Judaism. It was founded by Zecharias Frankel in Dresden in 1851 following the suppression of Zeitschrift für die Religiösen Interessen des Judenthums in 1846.
 Nightmares for Sale (悪魔のお店 Shadow & Maria Akuma no Omise: Shadow & Maria lit. The Devil's Pawnshop: Shadow and Maria) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kaoru Ohashi. The two volume series is published in Japan by Asahi Sonorama with the first volume released in January 2002 and the second following in February. It is licensed for an English language release in North America by Aurora Publishing.
 Octavia is a Roman tragedy that focuses on three days in the year 62 AD during which the Emperor Nero divorced and exiled his wife Claudia Octavia and married another (Poppaea Sabina). The play also deals with the irascibility of Nero and his inability to take heed of the philosopher Seneca's advice to rein in his passions.In the past the play's authorship was attributed to Seneca but modern scholarship generally discredits this.
 Pula: Botswana Journal of African Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies on Africa especially Southern Africa. It was established in 1978. In 2006 Pula was one of a group of African journals selected by the Michigan State University's African e-Journals Project to be digitized and placed online. Only articles up to 2003 are currently available but the print journal is continuing publication.
 The Talking Stone is a science fiction mystery short story by Isaac Asimov which first appeared in the October 1955 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and was reprinted in the 1968 collection Asimov's Mysteries. The Talking Stone was the second of Asimov's Wendell Urth stories.
 The Raven: Anarchist Quarterly was a quarterly anarchist review founded in 1987 by Heiner Becker and consisting of 43 issues published by Freedom Press from 1987 to 2003. Each edition usually focused on a specific issue such as food health economics genetic engineering psychology land and so on from an anarchist viewpoint.
 The Sunday Telegraph is a British broadsheet newspaper founded in February 1961. It is the sister paper of The Daily Telegraph but is run separately with a different editorial staff although there is some cross-usage of stories. The paper was launched following the loss of the contract to use the daily paper's presses to produce The Sunday Times.
 The Informant is a nonfiction white-collar crime book written by journalist Kurt Eichenwald and published in 2000 by Random House. It documents the mid-1990s lysine price-fixing conspiracy case and the involvement of Archer Daniels Midland executive Mark Whitacre inspiring a film adaptation starring Matt Damon as Whitacre.
 Oh Play That Thing (2004) is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle. It is Vol. 2 of The Last Roundup series and follows on from Vol. 1 A Star Called Henry.
 Allegiant is a science fiction novel for young adults written by the American author Veronica Roth and published by HarperCollins in October 2013. It completes the Divergent trilogy that Roth inaugurated with her debut novel Divergent in 2011. The book is written from the perspective of both Beatrice (Tris) and Tobias (Four).Allegiant was published simultaneously by the HarperCollins imprints Katherine Tegen Books in the U.S. and HarperCollins Children's Books in the U.K.
 The Demon Ororon (悪魔のオロロン Akuma no Ororon) is a romantic tragedy manga series written by Hakase Mizuki. The manga is licensed in North America by Tokyopop. The epilogue to the series Empire of Midnight (真夜中の帝国 Mayonaka no Teikoku) has six chapters released as of 2007.
 The New Centurions written by Joseph Wambaugh is a novel depicting the stresses of police work in Los Angeles California in the early 1960s. The author wrote the novel his first while a working member of the Los Angeles Police Department. The novel became a film starring George C. Scott and Stacy Keach.
 The Scout is a melodrama by Alfred Dampier and Garnat Welch set in the American west. The original production starred Lily Dampier and was a considerable success.
 Space and Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Architecture. The journal's editors are Joost van Loon (Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt) Justine Lloyd (University of Technology) Michael Schillmeier (Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München) and Rob Shields (University of Alberta). It has been in publication since 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Stargazing Dog (星守る犬 Hoshi Mamoru Inu) is a Japanese manga by Takashi Murakami. The story is narrated by a dog name Happie who lives with a working-class Japanese family until one day the man's wife requests a divorce and he takes Happie on a road trip to southern Japan eventually running out of gas near a campground. Daddy and Happie live there for a while until one day Daddy dies in his car of a preexisting heart condition.
 The Golem's Eye is a children's novel of alternate history fantasy and magic reminiscent of the Harry Potter series but much darker in tone. It is the second book in the Bartimaeus trilogy written by Jonathan Stroud. The first edition was released by Miramax 1 January 2004 in the United Kingdom.
 Practical Boat Owner is a British magazine about boats. It is published by IPC Media.
 The Mysteries of Udolpho by Ann Radcliffe was published in four volumes on 8 May 1794 by G. G. and J. Robinson of London. The firm paid her £500 for the manuscript. The contract is housed at the University of Virginia Library. Her fourth and most popular novel The Mysteries of Udolpho follows the fortunes of Emily St. Aubert who suffers among other misadventures the death of her father supernatural terrors in a gloomy castle and the machinations of an Italian brigand.
 William's Television Show was a book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1958 and contained six short stories far fewer than most books in the series.
 Badenheim 1939 is Israeli author Aharon Appelfeld's first novel to be translated into English. First published in Hebrew in 1978 as באדנהיים עיר נופש (Badenhaim `ir nofesh) it was soon translated into many other languages. Badenheim is an allegorical satire that tells the story of a fictional Jewish town in Austria shortly before its residents are relocated to Nazi concentration camps in German occupied Poland.
 The Contra Costa Times is a daily newspaper based in Walnut Creek California U.S.. The paper serves Contra Costa and eastern Alameda counties in the eastern part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The Times also publishes four other editions under different titles (West County Times East County Times San Ramon Valley Times and Valley Times) but essentially the same content serving distinct communities within its circulation area.
 The Years is a 1937 novel by Virginia Woolf the last she published in her lifetime. It traces the history of the genteel Pargiter family from the 1880s to the present day of the mid-1930s.Although spanning fifty years the novel is not epic in scope focusing instead on the small private details of the characters' lives. Except for the first each section takes place on a single day of its titular year and each year is defined by a particular moment in the cycle of seasons.
 Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne is a fantasy novel released March 3 2009. It serves as a prequel to the BioWare role-playing game Dragon Age: Origins and is written by David Gaider lead writer of Dragon Age: Origins.
 Österbottens Tidning (abbreviated ÖT) is a Swedish language regional daily newspaper which is mainly distributed in the largely Swedish speaking Ostrobothnia in Finland. It was formed on 23 May 2008 through a merger by Jakobstads Tidning in Jakobstad (Pietarsaari in Finnish) and Österbottningen in Karleby (Kokkola in Finnish). The newspaper focuses on the Jakobstad and Kokkola region and it is published six days a week.
 Flowers from the Moon and Other Lunacies is a collection of horror and fantasy stories by author Robert Bloch. It was released in 1998 and was the author's third book published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 2565 copies. The stories selected by Robert M. Price originally appeared in the magazines Weird Tales Strange Stories and Rogue. The collection includes some Cthulhu Mythos stories.
 The Focus Daily News is a daily newspaper published in DeSoto Texas covering Dallas County. It is owned by Publishers Newspapers.The newspaper has a daily circulation of 28065 and a Sunday circulation of 36297. Focus Daily News is the largest circulation suburban daily newspaper in Texas.
 Ride the Tiger: A Survival Manual for the Aristocrats of the Soul (Italian: Cavalcare la Tigre) is a 1961 book by Italian Traditionalist philosopher Julius Evola.
 Dame Lorraine is a 1981 play by American playwright Steve Carter. Set in the 1980s it is the third of Carter's Caribbean trilogy. Dame Lorraine explores a family who has lost all of their sons except one. The last son is returning from a long sentence in prison.
 The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen: Black Dossier is an original graphic novel in the comic book series The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Kevin O'Neill. It was the last volume of the series to be published by DC Comics. Although the third book to be published it was not intended to be the third volume in the series.
 Essay on the Nature of Trade in General (French: Essai sur la Nature du Commerce en Général) is a book about economics by Richard Cantillon. Written around 1730 and published in French in 1755.
 Fire & Movement: The Forum of Conflict Simulation was founded by Rodger MacGowan in 1975 and began publication the following year. The magazine is devoted to covering games from a variety of manufacturers specializing in wargames both traditional board wargames and also computer wargames (although computer wargames have received much less emphasis especially in the latest editions).In 1988 World Wide Wargames (also known as 3W) acquired Diverse Talents Inc.
 A1 is a United Kingdom luxury lifestyle magazine specialising in unique and costly products suited to the wants of the United Kingdom's High Society. As of 2010 the editor in chief was Salman R. Ahmed. The magazine is based at One Central Park in Greater Manchester.
 Best Eleven is the oldest monthly football magazine in Korea. The first edition was issued in April 1970. At that time the magazine's name was Monthly Football. In April 1996 the name was changed to Best Eleven.
 Sun was a supermarket tabloid owned by American Media Inc.
 Fire Dreamer is the second novel in the Star Dancer series written by the British author Beth Webb and published in 2007 by Macmillan Publishers.
 Scorcher: The Dirty Politics of Climate Change is a 2007 book by Clive Hamilton which contends that Australia rather than the United States is the major stumbling block to a more effective Kyoto Protocol. In the final chapter of the book Hamilton argues that the Howard Government has been actively working to destroy the Kyoto Protocol.Scorcher is an updated version of Hamilton's 2001 book Running from the Storm.
 Entertain Magazine was a British newsstand magazine devoted to Film DVD Video Games and Themed Entertainment. It was published every two months with the first issue going on sale in January 2007. The publication was notable as the first UK news trade entertainment magazine to be published on DVD format.
 Grandpa Danger (絶体絶命でんぢゃらすじーさん Zettai Zetsumei: Denjarasu Jii-san lit. Absolute Death: Dangerous Grandpa) is an adventure manga by Kazutoshi Soyama published by Shogakukan in CoroCoro Comic since October 2001. It received the 2005 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga. The series was adapted as a 51-episode anime broadcast on TV Tokyo from April 2004 to March 2005 which is licensed by Viz Media in North America as Grandpa Danger and a series of video games.
 Cross Bones is the eighth novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 Cancer Ward (Russian: Раковый Корпус Rakovy Korpus) is a semi-autobiographical novel by Russian author Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn first published in 1967 and banned in the Soviet Union in 1968.The novel tells the story of a small group of cancer patients in Uzbekistan in 1955 in the post-Stalinist Soviet Union.
 The Church of Satan: A History of the World's Most Notorious Religion is a book by Blanche Barton. It provides a history of the Church of Satan. The author is an administrator of the Church.It was published in a 200 page paperback by Hell's Kitchen Productions on November 1 1990.A revised edition is currently in production by Blanche Barton and will include updated and expanded content.
 The Great Fire (2003) is a novel by the Australian author Shirley Hazzard. It won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction and a Miles Franklin literary award (2004).
 Pudd'nhead Wilson is a novel by Mark Twain. It was serialized in The Century Magazine (1893–4) before being published as a novel in 1894.
 The Lake House is a 2003 novel by James Patterson a sequel to When the Wind Blows.
 Laughing Whitefish is a 1965 historical novel by Justice John D. Voelker writing under the pen name Robert Traver. It is based on an actual trilogy of Michigan Supreme Court cases from the 1880s. The final case in the series Kobogum v. Jackson Iron Co. established in Michigan the general rule that state courts must defer to tribal law in cases involving the internal domestic relations of American Indians residing within their own territory.
 Greater Houston Weekly is an arts and lifestyle section carried by 35 local and suburban newspapers published by Houston Community Newspapers in Houston Texas.
 Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of otolaryngology especially surgery of the head and neck. The journal's editor-in-chief is Richard Rosenfeld (SUNY Downstate Medical Center). It was established in 1995 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery.
 Collecticus is a monthly magazine focusing on the subject of affordable collectable items. The magazine is published by Wentrow Media in the United Kingdom. It is currently edited by Kevin Outlaw and printed by Hartley Publications.Collecticus was first published in September 2004 as a monthly 36-page A5 magazine. The style changed significantly throughout the first few issues and Collecticus proved very popular with collectors.
 Dickon is a 1929 novel by Marjorie Bowen about King Richard III of England. It was one of many historical fiction works she wrote in her life.
 The Phenomenon of Man (Le Phénomène Humain 1955) is a book written by French philosopher paleontologist and Jesuit priest Pierre Teilhard de Chardin. In this work Teilhard describes evolution as a process that leads to increasing complexity culminating in the unification of consciousness.The book was finished in the 1930s but was published posthumously in 1955.
 Al-Jarida (in Arabic الجريدة meaning The Newspaper) is an Arabic-language Kuwaiti daily newspaper owned by Mohammed Al-Sager the former editor in chief of Al-Qabas newspaper and the former Arab Parliament president. The editor-in-chief for Al-Jarida newspaper is Khalid Alhelal.The paper which was launched on 2 July 2007 has a secular stance. The paper is one of the top 3 most circulated newspapers in Kuwait.
 Ecology is a scientific journal publishing research and synthesis papers in the field of ecology. It was founded in 1920 and is published by the Ecological Society of America. It is currently ranked 19th out of 131 journals in the category Ecology according to the Journal Citation Reports.
 Nevada is the title of an American comic book limited series published by DC Comics under its Vertigo imprint in 1998. The series was written by Steve Gerber and with art from Phil Winslade Steve Leialoha and Dick Giordano. The origin of the character is to be found in a Howard the Duck story that contained a mandatory fight scene between a Las Vegas chorus girl an ostrich and a standing lamp. Writing on the CompuServe comics forum Neil Gaiman said he'd like to see that story.
 The Sirius Mystery is a book by Robert K. G. Temple first published by St. Martin's Press in 1976.
 Bidasari is the final-installment of a trilogy of Filipino language stage plays produced and written for Magwayen the premier theater group of the University of the City of Manila. It was based on the original epic of the same name or title. The epic love story originally graced the stage in 1999 and once again brought back in theaters in 2009.
 The Shadow of the Vulture is a short story by American writer Robert E. Howard first published in The Magic Carpet Magazine January 1934. The story introduces the character of Red Sonya of Rogatino who later became the inspiration for the popular character Red Sonja archetype of the chainmail-bikini clad female warrior.Unlike Howard's better-known fantasy work The Shadow of the Vulture is historical fiction set in the 16th century.
 The Mode series is a quartet of novels by Piers Anthony.
 Neither Black nor White is a 1971 nonfiction book by Carl N. Degler published by University of Wisconsin Press. In it Degler contrasts racial attitudes in the United States and Brazil arguing that Brazilian culture developed a more fluid idea of race than did American culture which maintained sharp distinctions between black and white. The book was awarded the 1972 Pulitzer Prize for History.
 The Encyclopedia of Chicago is an historical reference work covering Chicago and the entire Chicago metropolitan area published by the University of Chicago Press. Released in October 2004 the work is the result of a ten-year collaboration between the Newberry Library and the Chicago Historical Society. It exists in both a hardcover print edition and an online format known as the Electronic Encyclopedia of Chicago.
 Whittington is a 2005 children's novel by Alan Armstrong. It was a 2006 Newbery Honor book as well as an ALA Notable Book for Children.
 Alone with the Horrors: The Great Short Fiction of Ramsey Campbell 1961–1991 is a collection of fantasy and horror stories by author Ramsey Campbell. Released in 1993 in an edition of 3834 copies it was the author's fourth collection of stories to be published by Arkham House.
 FHM is a British monthly men's lifestyle magazine. It contains popular features such as the FHM 100 Sexiest Women in the World.
 The Stone Gods is a 2007 novel by Jeanette Winterson. It is mainly a post apocalyptic love story concerned with corporate control of government the harshness of war and the dehumanization that technology brings among other themes.
 Public Administration Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research theory and practice in the field of public administration. It was established in 1940 and has been one of the top-rated journals in the field. It is the official journal of the American Society for Public Administration published by Wiley-Blackwell. The current editor-in-chief is James L. Perry.
 The Doctor's Case is a short story by American author Stephen King originally published in The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes a 1987 centennial collection and reprinted in his collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes. An audio-book of stories from Nightmares & Dreamscapes was read by Tim Curry.This story is King's foray into Sherlockiana a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes story using Arthur Conan Doyle's characters. Like his story Crouch End inspired by H.P.
 Exemplars of Evil (ISBN 0-7869-4361-6) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 The Pacific Between is a romantic coming of age novel by Raymond K. Wong. Published in 2006 The Pacific Between was the finalist for the IPPY Book Award in 2006. The novel is loosely based on the author's experience as an immigrant and young adult but the characters and events are entirely fictional.The Pacific Between contains many themes such as betrayal sacrifice unconditional love pride prejudice and life's lessons set in Southern California and Hong Kong. It is Raymond K.
 Mṛcchakaṭika (The Little Clay Cart) (Sanskrit: मृच्छकटिकम्; also spelled Mrcchakatika Mricchakatika or Mrichchhakatika) is a ten-act Sanskrit drama attributed to Śūdraka (Sanskrit: शूद्रक) an ancient playwright generally thought to have lived sometime between the second century BC and the fifth century AD whom the prologue identifies as a Kshatriya king and a devotee of Siva who lived for 100 years.
 Chicka Chicka 1 2 3 is a New York Times best-selling children's book written by Bill Martin Jr. and Michael Sampson.
 Woman's World is an American supermarket weekly magazine with a circulation of 1.6 million readers. Generally marketed with other tabloid papers it concentrates on short stories about popular woman-focused subjects such as weight loss (which is the main headline in nearly every issue causing some to nickname it Weight Loss World) relationship advice and cooking though also occasionally branches out to do profiles on other notable women in the sciences or academia.
 Cruiser Dreams is a 1980 novel by Janet Morris the second in her Kerrion Space trilogy.
 The China Study is a book by T. Colin Campbell Jacob Gould Schurman Professor Emeritus of Nutritional Biochemistry at Cornell University and his son Thomas M. Campbell II a physician.
 Dark Tide: Ruin (also released as Dark Tide II: Ruin) is the second novel in a two-part story by Michael A. Stackpole. Published and released in 2000 it is the third installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 Fredy Neptune: A Novel in Verse (1998) is a novel written in verse by the Australian poet Les Murray.Told in eight-line stanzas Fredy Neptune describes the experiences of Fred Boettcher an Australian of German parentage during the years between the world wars. The work was described by the British poet Ruth Padel as a haunting loving fiercely democratic epic by a master poet. It won the 1998 Queensland Premier's Literary Awards Fiction Book Award.
 VegNews is an American magazine that publishes content about and relating to veganism including news health information recipes global events vegan products media and more. It was founded in 2000 as a newspaper and transitioned to full-color glossy in 2004. The bi-monthly publication now has more than 225000 readers in 38 countries. The magazine is published on New Leaf Cyclus Print paper from the New Leaf Paper corporation.
 The Jollies is a 2002 children's play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about a young girl Polly Jollie where a magic trick gone awry at her brother's birthday party causes her brother Billy to age 25 years and her mother Jilly to become 25 years younger. The play is viewed by some as the inspiration for his 2006 adult play If I Were You.
 In the Doghouse is a short story by Orson Scott Card and Jay A. Parry. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror. Card originally published this story in the December 1978 issue of Analog Science Fiction and Fact.
 At Play in the Fields of the Lord is a 1965 novel by Peter Matthiessen. A film adapted from the book was made in 1991. A 2009 audiobook version was read by actor Anthony Heald.In a malarial outpost in the South American rain forest two misplaced gringos converge and clash. Martin Quarrier has come to convert the fearful and elusive Niaruna Indians to his brand of Christianity.
 The Hudson Dispatch was a newspaper covering events in Hudson and Bergen counties in Northern New Jersey. It published continuously from 1874 until 1991 when it was purchased by Newhouse Newspapers. Its headquarters were located at 400 38th Street in Union City.
 Miracles on Maple Hill is a 1956 novel by Virginia Sorensen that won the 1957 Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature.The settings and characters for the book were inspired by real people and locations the author encountered during her stay in Edinboro Pennsylvania between 1952-1958.
 Red Earth White Earth is a novel by Will Weaver about conflicts between white farmers and native Ojibwes in northern Minnesota. The story follows Guy Pehrsson a California computer entrepreneur who returns to Minnesota twelve years after he ran away at age eighteen. His childhood blood brother Tom Little Wolf is now a tribal lawyer intent on reclaiming farmlands mishandled in past treaties lands which include the Pehrsson's homestead.
 Sarah Plain and Tall is a children's book written by Patricia MacLachlan and the winner of the 1986 Newbery Medal the 1986 Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction and the 1986 Golden Kite Award. It explores themes of loneliness abandonment and coping with change.The novel is set in the western United States during the late 19th century.
 The People's Daily is a daily newspaper in China. The paper is an official newspaper of the government of China published worldwide with a circulation of 3 to 4 million. In addition to its main Chinese-language edition it has editions in English Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Tibetan Kazakh Uyghur Zhuang Mongolian Korean and other minority languages in China.
 Rain On The Just is a play by Peter Watling which premiered in 1948 at the Theatre Royal Newcastle-upon-Tyne. The cast included Marie Ney Eileen Peel Michael Denison Geoffrey Keen Dulcie Gray and Edgar Norfolk. Later that year the show moved to the Bristol Old Vic with much of the same cast. Actress Rachel Gurney replaced Gray in the role of the fiancé. The play had its London premiere in August 1948 at the Aldwych Theatre with Dulcie Gray returning to the cast.
 IEEE Antennas and Wireless Propagation Letters is an annual peer-reviewed scientific journal with the goal of rapid dissemination of short manuscripts in the antennas and wireless propagation domains. It is an official journal of the IEEE Antennas & Propagation Society. The current editor-in-chief is Gianluca Lazzi (North Carolina State University).
 Our Man In Havana (1958) is a novel by British author Graham Greene set in Cuba.
 Navaliya is a Sinhala Language weekly for Women. It is published from Colombo Sri Lanka by Upali Newspapers.It was established in August 1982.
 St. Ives: Being The Adventures of a French Prisoner in England (1897) is an unfinished novel by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was completed in 1898 by Arthur Quiller-Couch.The plot concerns the adventures of the dashing Capitaine Jacques St. Ives a Napoleonic soldier after his capture by the British.
 Dirty Pair (ダーティペア Dāti Pea) is a series of sci-fi comedy light novels written by Haruka Takachiho and illustrated by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko that was later adapted into anime and manga versions.The stories take place in the years 2138-43 by which time humanity has spread across some few thousand star systems.
 West From Home is the last original Little House book by American author Laura Ingalls Wilder to be published although the material was written before Little House in the Big Woods. The book consists of Wilder's letters to her husband Almanzo Wilder during her visit to their daughter Rose Wilder Lane in San Francisco in 1915 when she was 49 and Rose 29. Laura was sent to write about the 1915 World's Fair.
 NIN (Serbian Cyrillic: НИН) is a weekly newsmagazine published in Belgrade Serbia. Its name is an acronym for Nedeljne informativne novine (Недељне информативне новине) which roughly translates into Weekly Informational Newspaper.Though a current events magazine in its essence NIN also earned an esteemed reputation due to a long tradition of opening its pages to the best and the brightest within Serbian and previously Yugoslav society whether in arts sciences or even sports.
 The Sociological Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the Midwest Sociological Society. The journal covers all areas of sociological inquiry. The editors-in-chief are Betty A. Dobratz (Iowa State University) and Lisa K. Waldner (University of St. Thomas).According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.143 ranking it 39th out of 138 journals in the category Sociology.
 Under the Pyramids also published as Entombed with the Pharaohs and Imprisoned with the Pharaohs is a short story written by American fantasy author H. P. Lovecraft in February 1924. Commissioned by Weird Tales founder and owner J. C. Henneberger the narrative tells a fictionalized account in the first-person perspective of an allegedly true experience of escape artist Harry Houdini.
 City of Splendors: Waterdeep (ISBN 0-7869-3693-2) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Cornered is a single panel style comic strip by Mike Baldwin. It was launched on April 1 1996. On dailies Cornered usually has characters' dialogue below the panel whereas on Sundays the characters' dialogue is often in speaking bubbles. Everybody including animals wears glasses.
 Acta Astronomica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering astronomy and astrophysics. It was founded in 1925 by the Polish astronomer Tadeusz Banachiewicz. Initially the journal published articles in Latin later English French and German were added as allowed journal languages. Today all papers in Acta Astronomica are published in English. The editorial office is located at the Warsaw University Observatory.
 Two Planets (German: Auf zwei Planeten lit. On Two Planets 1897) is an influential science fiction novel postulating intelligent life on Mars by Kurd Lasswitz. It was first published in hardcover by Felber in two volumes in 1897; there have been many editions since including abridgements by the author's son Erich Lasswitz (Cassianeum 1948) and Burckhardt Kiegeland and Martin Molitor (Verlag Heinrich Scheffler 1969).
 Quarterly Essay is an Australian periodical that straddles the border between magazines and non-fiction books. Printed in a book-like page size and using a single-column format each issue features a single extended essay of at least 20000 words with an introduction by the editor and correspondence relating to essays in previous issues.
 The Philip K. Dick Reader is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1997. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines If Science Fiction Adventures Science Fiction Stories Orbit Fantasy and Science Fiction Imagination Future Galaxy Science Fiction Beyond Fantasy Fiction Satellite Imaginative Tales Fantastic Universe and Space Science Fiction.
 A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man is the first novel of Irish writer James Joyce. A Künstlerroman in a modernist style it traces the intellectual and religio-philosophical awakening of young Stephen Dedalus a fictional alter ego of Joyce and an allusion to Daedalus the consummate craftsman of Greek mythology. Stephen questions and rebels against the Catholic and Irish conventions under which he has grown and culminates with his self-exile from Ireland in Europe.
 Infernal is the ninth volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published by Gauntlet Press in a signed limited first edition (2005) then later as a trade hardcover from Forge (November 2005) and a mass market paperback from Forge (September 2006).
 The Boston Gazette (1719–1798) was a newspaper published in Boston Massachusetts in the British North American colonies. It began publication December 21 1719 and appeared weekly.
 La Cantatrice Chauve (Romanian: Cântăreața Cheală) — translated from French as The Bald Soprano or The Bald Prima Donna — is the first play written by French-Romanian playwright Eugène Ionesco. Nicolas Bataille directed the premiere on 11 May 1950 at the Théâtre des Noctambules Paris. Since 1957 it has been in permanent showing at the Théâtre de la Huchette which received a Molière d'honneur for its performances.
 The StarPhoenix is a daily newspaper that serves Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada and is a part of Postmedia Network.The StarPhoenix was first published as The Saskatoon Phenix on October 17 1902 (following a short-lived attempt at a local newspaper the Saskatoon Sentinel). In 1909 it became a daily paper and in 1910 was renamed the Saskatoon Capital. The paper was sold and bought several times between its inception and the 1920s.
 Pharmacognosy Research is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Pharmacognosy Network Worldwide. The journal publishes articles on the subject of pharmacognosy natural products and phytochemistry and is indexed with CASPUR EBSCO ProQuest and Scopus.
 Peace Is Possible: Conversations with Arab and Israeli Leaders from 1988 to the Present is a book by S. Daniel Abraham with a foreword by former U.S. President Bill Clinton.
 Fire And Fame is a memoir co-written by Joerg Deisinger former bassist and founding member of the German hard rock band Bonfire and Carl Begai a Canadian writer and music journalist. The memoir showcases Deisinger’s career as a professional musician focusing on his formative years his career with Bonfire from 1985 – 1994 concluding with a brief overview of his activities from the time he left the band to 2007.
 Chinese Physics Letters (abbreviation: Chin.Phys.Lett. & also CPL) is a peer reviewed scientific journal in the fields of chemistry and physics and related interdisciplinary fields (e.g. biophysics) from the Chinese Physical Society in China.
 Not with a Bang is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in the winter 1949 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and has been reprinted a number of times including in Far Out (1961) The Best of Damon Knight (1976) 50 Short Science Fiction Tales and The Eureka Years (1982).
 Transworld SKATEboarding (also known as TWS) is an international magazine on skateboarding that is based in Carlsbad California United States (US). The publication also runs an accompanying Internet platform and video production company. The magazine's 2013 media kit states that We are the authority. We are artistic. We have legacy. As of May 2013 the publication is owned by the GrindMedia company.A satellite edition Transworld SKATEboarding Japan is published in Japan.
 Oceanic is a science fiction novella published in 1998 by Greg Egan. It won the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Novella.
 The Irish Medicines Formulary (IMF) is a medicines reference for healthcare professionals working in Ireland. It is an index of all prescription medicines that are both licensed and marketed in Ireland i.e. available to be prescribed for a patient. Published by Meridian Ireland IMF is edited designed printed and posted in the Republic of Ireland.IMF is Irish-specific – the information on each drug is sourced from the product license or Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC).
 Mar Lodge Estate Grampian : An Archaeological Survey is a report summarising the archaeological field work carried out on Mar Lodge Estate to record the human interaction within Mar Forest.Human interaction with the woodland is central to the history of settlement in the area. As long as there has been settlement for which there is evidence only from the medieval period onwards ...
 Aliens is a comic book series set in the fictional universe of the Alien films. It was first published by Dark Horse Comics in 1988. The stories often feature the company Weyland-Yutani and the United States Colonial Marines. Originally intended as a sequel to James Cameron's 1986 film Aliens the first mini-series features the characters of Rebecca Newt Jorden and Corporal Dwayne Hicks. Later series also included the further adventures of Ellen Ripley.
 The Little Girl Found is a poem written by the English poet William Blake. It was published as part of his collection Songs of Experience in 1794. In the poem the parents of a seven-year old girl called Lyca are looking desperately for their young daughter who is lost in the desert. During days and nights they go on looking for the girl up to the moment they find a lion which tells them where the child lies.
 Enchiridion militis Christiani or Handbook of a Christian Knight (or: Soldier) was written by Desiderius Erasmus in 1501 and was published in English in 1533 by William Tyndale.During a stay in Tournehem a castle near Saint-Omer Erasmus encountered an uncivilized yet friendly soldier who was an acquaintance of Battus Erasmus' close friend.
 Hunter's Moon known as The Foxes of Firstdark in the United States is a novel by English fantasy author Garry Kilworth published in 1989. It concerns the lives of a group of foxes who are anthropomorphised to some extent but are not shown as performing any action physically impossible for the species.The protagonist of the story of O-Ha a beautiful yet proud vixen fox who keeps to traditional and conservative country ways.
 Clockwork Prince is a young adult novel written by Cassandra Clare. It is the second novel in the Infernal Devices trilogy. It is written through the perspective of the main character Tessa Gray who lives at the London Institute among Shadowhunters a group of half-angel-half-human beings called Nephilim. After the recent failings of Charlotte the manager of the Institute the Council of Shadowhunters begin to question her ability to lead.
 Smart Materials and Structures is a multidisciplinary peer-reviewed scientific journal covering technical advances in smart materials systems structures and device engineering.The editors-in-chief from 1992–2007 were Richard O. Claus (Virginia Tech) and Vijay K. Varadan (University of Arkansas). As of 2008 the editor-in-chief is E. Garcia (Cornell University).
 Monster Mythology is a sourcebook for the second edition of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. Released by TSR in 1992 and written by Carl Sargent with interior illustrations by Terry Dykstra John and Laura Lakey and Keith Parkinson Monster Mythology was released as a companion volume for Legends & Lore.
 Siege of Tarr-Hostigos by John F. Carr 2003 is the fourth and most recent book in the Kalvan series.
 Avian Diseases is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research on diseases of birds. It was established in 1957 and is published by the American Association of Avian Pathologists. The editor-in-chief is Y. M. Saif (Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center/Ohio State University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.734.
 Forty Words for Sorrow is a crime novel from Canadian novelist Giles Blunt and the first to feature his protagonists John Cardinal and Lise Delorme. Blunt had previous published one other novel Cold Eye but this was his first crime novel and the first to be a critical and commercial success.[citation needed] The novel won the Crime Writers' Association Silver Dagger in 2001.
 The Drawbridge is a quarterly newspaper started in London in 2006. It is a full-colour independent paper which has published articles by Isabel Allende J.G. Ballard John Berger Terry Eagleton Umberto Eco John N.
 Rave Master titled Rave (レイヴ Reivu romanized as RAVE) in Japan and also known there as The Groove Adventure Rave is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima. The series follows Haru Glory a teenager in a quest to find the five pieces of the sacred stone Rave in order to bring peace to the world by defeating the criminal group Demon Card.
 Fact Fiction and Forecast is a book by Nelson Goodman in which he explores some problems regarding scientific law and counterfactual conditionals and presents his New Riddle of Induction.
 Právo (in Czech Right or Law) is a Czech daily newspaper the third most sold in the country.
 The Straight Mind and Other Essays is a (1992) collection of essays by Monique Wittig.It was translated into French as La Pensée straight in 2001.
 The Detroit Metro Times is the largest circulating weekly newspaper in the metro Detroit area headquartered in Ferndale.Supported entirely by advertising it is distributed free of charge every Wednesday in newsstands in businesses and libraries around the city and suburbs. Compared to the two dailies the Detroit Free Press and the Detroit News the Metro Times has a liberal orientation. Average circulation for the Metro Times is 50000 weekly.
 Higher Earth is a science fiction comic book published by Boom! Studios. It is written by Sam Humphries an established writer for Marvel whose previous work has included co-writing Ultimate Comics: The Ultimates. The artwork is provided by Francesco Biagini who has previously illustrated Elric: The Balance Lost. The first issue was released on 9 May 2012.The first printing sold out at the distributor level on 2 May seven days before the official release.
 The Denver Daily News is a former free daily newspaper in Denver Colorado. At the time of its closure on June 6 2011 It distributed 25500 copies Monday-Friday in stores coffee shops restaurants and workplaces. Copies could also be found in the Daily's distinctive blue boxes. Assuming a pass-along rate of 2.3 readers per copy the readership of the Daily was 24150 per day. The Daily's freewheeling style and dedicated readership helped it establish a niche unserved by The Denver Post.
 Huck is a bi-monthly magazine website and online video channel that explores stories from across DIY culture. It has been described as one of the magazines at the vanguard of the independent publishing movement and recognized for its style of exploring subcultures as entry points for articles about music politics and places all over the world. It is published by London-based media company TCOLondon which also makes Little White Lies magazine.
 The Freedom Writers Diary: How a Teacher and 150 Teens Used Writing to Change Themselves and the World Around Them is a non-fiction 1999 book written by The Freedom Writers a group of students from Woodrow Wilson High School in Long Beach California and their teacher Erin Gruwell. It is the basis of the 2007 movie Freedom Writers starring Hilary Swank.
 Perfect rhyme — also called full rhyme exact rhyme or true rhyme — is a form of rhyme between two words or phrases satisfying the following conditions:The stressed vowel sound in both words must be identical as well as any subsequent sounds. For example sky and high; skylight and highlight.The articulation that precedes the vowel sound must differ.
 Brewing Justice: Fair Trade Coffee Sustainability and Survival is a book by American academic Daniel Jaffee.The book by studying coffee farmers in Mexico offers an investigation of the social economic and environmental benefits of fair trade. Based on research in Zapotec indigenous communities in the state of Oaxaca Brewing Justice follows the members of the cooperative Michiza whose organic coffee is sold on the international fair trade market.
 Zahrah the Windseeker (Houghton Mifflin Sept 2005) written by Nnedi Okorafor is one of a very small handful of young adult fantasy novels that incorporate the myths and folklore and culture of West Africa. It is the winner of the 2008 Wole Soyinka Prize for Literature in Africa. Okorafor was born in the United States to two Nigerian (Igbo) parents.
 Akiko is an American comic book series written and drawn by Mark Crilley and published by Sirius Entertainment. The comics have spawned a series of children's novels from Random House.The story has been described as a cross between The Wizard of Oz and Star Wars centering on the adventures of Akiko a Japanese American girl on and around the planet Smoo accompanied by extraterrestrials Mr.
 Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl is a slave narrative that was published in 1861 by Harriet Ann Jacobs using the pen name Linda Brent. The book is an in-depth chronological account of Jacobs's life as a slave and the decisions and choices she made to gain freedom for herself and her children. It addresses the struggles and sexual abuse that young women slaves faced on the plantations and how these struggles were harsher than what men suffered as slaves.
 The Balkans Since 1453 is a book by the Greek-Canadian historian L.S. Stavrianos published in 1958. It is a large synthetical work which encompasses the major political economic and cultural events of the Balkans from the fall of the Byzantine Empire to the late 1940s.Stavrianos paid particular attention to the national awakening and the nation-building process in the Balkans. The book was highly acclaimed by many historians of the Balkans including Traian Stoianovich and Mark Mazower.
 Of Worlds Beyond is a collection of essays about the techniques of writing science fiction edited by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach. It was first published in 1947 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 1262 copies. It has been reprinted by Advent in 1964 and by Dobson in 1965.
 Godaan (Hindi: गोदान or English: The Gift of a Cow) is a Hindi novel by Munshi Premchand. It was first published in 1936 and is considered one of the greatest Hindustani novels of modern Indian literature. Themed around the socio economic deprivation as well as the exploitation of the village poor the novel was the last complete novel of Premchand. It was translated into English in 1957 by Jai Ratan and P. Lal translation; a 1968 translation by Gordon C.
 Robbery Under Arms is a classic Australian novel by Rolf Boldrewood (a pseudonym for Thomas Alexander Browne). It was first published in serialised form by The Sydney Mail between July 1882 and August 1883 then in three volumes in London in 1888.
 Epigram is an independent student newspaper of the University of Bristol. It was established in 1988 by James Landale now a senior BBC journalist who studied politics at Bristol. The former editor of The Daily Telegraph William Lewis was a writer for Epigram in its early years.Epigram is produced fortnightly during term time and as of May 2012 the newspaper has reached 250 editions.
 Sign of the Moon is a children's fantasy novel written by Cherith Baldry under the pseudonym Erin Hunter. The novel was published by HarperCollins in the United States on April 5 2011. It is the fourth novel in the Warriors: Omen of the Stars series. The book is preceded by Night Whispers and is followed by The Forgotten Warrior.
 Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It was first serialised concurrently from 3 September 1963 to 27 May 1966 in the newspapers Ming Pao in Hong Kong and Nanyang Siang Pau in Singapore. The novel has since spawned several adaptations in film and television in both mainland China and Hong Kong. The novel's title has also been a challenge for translators for years.
 Youngblood Hawke is a 1962 novel by American writer Herman Wouk about the rise and fall of a young writer. It is based on the life of Thomas Wolfe.
 Inspired Talks (first published 1909) is book compiled from a series of lectures of Swami Vivekananda. From mid-June to early August 1895 Vivekananda conducted a series of private lectures to a groups of selected disciples at the Thousand Island Park. a number of lectures were recorded by Sara Ellen Waldo and she then published those as a book.
 Tara Road is a novel by Maeve Binchy. It was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in September 1999.
 A Wanted Man is the seventeenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published on 30 August 2012 in the United Kingdom Australia & New Zealand and on 11 September 2012 in the USA & Canada. A Wanted Man won the Thriller & Crime Novel of the Year award by the National Book Awards.The book returns to the present timeline continuing where Worth Dying For left off whereas the preceding novel The Affair told some episode of the main character's past.
 Children's Past Lives: How Past Life Memories Affect Your Child is a 1997 book by Carol Bowman. It a non-academic book that was the first to explore the putative phenomenon of children’s spontaneous past life memories.In the book Bowman suggests that many children will speak spontaneously (without hypnosis) of their past lives but not all unusual statements or stories from children are past life memories. Most of the time children are imitating storybooks TV or movies.
 The Breath of Suspension is a collection of science fiction stories by author Alexander Jablokov. It was released in 1994 and was the author's first book published by Arkham House . It was published in an edition of 3496 copies. the stories originally appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine.
 Expert Opinion on Therapeutic Patents is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering pharmaceutical patent information across all therapy areas. Each review includes an expert opinion section in which authors provide their personal view on the current status and future direction of the research discussed. The journal was established in 1991 and is published by Informa. The editor-in-chief is Claudiu T. Supuran (University of Florence).
 In Times Like These is the second novel from Belizean-American author Zee Edgell published in 1991] as part of the Caribbean Writers Series.
 The Explorer's Handbook is a game manual for the Eberron campaign setting of the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Scuba Duba is a 1967 comedy play from Bruce Jay Friedman which was a success off-Broadway starring Jerry Orbach Judd Hirsch Conrad Bain and Cleavon Little in a production that ran for 692 performances. Although the play did not run on Broadway it had a second well received run in 1971 at the Studio Arena Theater in Buffalo starring F. Murray Abraham John Newton and Eve McVeagh.
 The Texas International Law Journal is a student-edited law journal at the University of Texas School of Law. It is the fourth-oldest student-edited international law journal in the United States.[citation needed]
 Strangers is a novel written by Dean Koontz released in 1986.
 Escape From Davao: The Forgotten Story of the Most Daring Prison Break of the Pacific War is a non-fiction military history book written by John D. Lukacs. The book is the true story of the only large-scale group of American prisoners of war to escape from a Japanese prison camp in the Pacific Theater during World War II.
 Eternity Road published in 1998 is a science fiction novel written by Jack McDevitt.
 Elektra and Wolverine: The Redeemer is a trilogy of graphic novels written by Greg Rucka illustrated by Yoshitaka Amano and published by Marvel. It was also released as a Hardcover version with all three episodes in one book. It is canon with Earth-616 continuity as implied in The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection #17 and the events took place soon after Elektra's first death
 It (Danish: Det) is a 1969 book of poetry by the Danish writer Inger Christensen. The book focuses on social criticism and lines from it have frequently been quoted in the Danish political discourse. It received the Gyldne Laurbær for best Danish book of the year.
 The Clocks of Iraz is a fantasy novel by American writer L. Sprague de Camp the second book of both his Novarian series and the Reluctant King trilogy featuring King Jorian of Xylar. It was first published as a paperback by Pyramid Books in 1971 and later reprinted by Del Rey Books. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
 Fest Magazine is an Edinburgh-based arts magazine that publishes during the Edinburgh Festival each year. It is a free bi-weekly A5 glossy publication distributed through key Festival venues.
 Unë Gruaja is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Lady in Danger was a play by Australian writer Max Afford. It was one of the few Australian plays to enjoy a run on Broadway.
 A Gesture Life is a novel written by Chang-Rae Lee a South Korean author who has been living in the United States since 1965 which takes the form of a narrative of an elderly physician named Doc Hata who deals with everyday life in a small town in the United States called Bedley Run and who remembers treating Korean comfort women for the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II. He once owned a medical and surgical supply store and he has an adopted daughter named Sunny.
 Safari is a monthly Gujarati popular science and general knowledge magazine published by Harshal Publications Ahmedabad in Gujarat India. The editor of this periodical is Harshal Pushkarna and the publisher is his father Nagendra Vijay. Apart from popular science articles the magazine also contains articles on history current affairs hobbies and defence matters. It is a very popular magazine amongst young children and students.
 The Scarborough News is a weekly newspaper distributed in and around the Scarborough area in North Yorkshire. It was launched on 31 May 2012 as a relaunch of the former daily newspaper the Scarborough Evening News and incorporates information from the former Saturday edition of the Filey & Hunmanby Mercury. It is a 'bumper' edition (136 pages) as news for seven days that was spread over six days (including the former Saturday Mercury edition) now has to be condensed into a weekly issue.
 My Name Is Anne She Said Anne Frank is a 2003 memoir-book written by Jacqueline van Maarsen. The book was about the friendship of the author with the famous diarist Anne Frank. Van Maarsen who had previously written two books about Anne had been giving lectures about her childhood friend since 1987.
 L'Action nationale (ISSN 0001-7469) is a French-language monthly published in Quebec Canada.The magazine publishes critical analysis of Quebec's linguistic social cultural and economic realities.
 Friss Újság (Fresh Newspaper) is a Romanian daily newspaper issued in Hungarian language by the Inform Media company and focused mainly on politics public affairs sports and economy. The first edition was printed in 1990.
 Rogue is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in June 2008. The book is Steel's seventy-fifth best selling novel.
 The Comedy Writer is a novel by filmmaker Peter Farrelly. The story revolves around Henry Halloran a young man who quits his sales job in New England and moves to Los Angeles to pursue his dream of becoming a comedic screenwriter.
 Wizard's First Rule written by Terry Goodkind is the first book in the epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth. Published by Tor Books it was released on August 15 1994 in hardcover and in paperback on July 15 1997. The book also was re-released with new cover artwork by Keith Parkinson in paperback on June 23 2001. The novel was adapted to television in the 2008 television series Legend of the Seeker.Goodkind had no trouble selling his first book to a publisher.
 The Black Star Passes is a collection of science fiction short stories by American author John W. Campbell Jr.. It was first published in 1953 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 2951 copies. The book is the first in Campbell's Arcot Morey and Wade series.
 The New Telegraph is Nigeria's first politically independent all-national newspaper with a circulation of 100000 copies per day. The newspaper targets domestic and foreign readers in and around Nigeria's major urban centers and aims to provide objective and incisive coverage of pressing political social and cultural issues.The New Telegraph is chaired by Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu and features prominent domestic and foreign columnists including human rights lawyer Emmanuel Onwe.
 Cardcaptor Sakura (カードキャプターさくら Kādokyaputā Sakura) abbreviated as CCS and also known as Cardcaptors is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by the manga group Clamp. The manga was originally serialized in Nakayoshi from May 1996 to June 2000 and published in 12 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha from November 1996 to July 2000.
 The General Danced at Dawn is a 1970 collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser featuring a young Scottish soldier named Dand MacNeill. It is a fond portrait of life in the British army specifically in the Highland Division after the end of the second world war.It was based on Fraser's time as an officer in the Gordon Highlands in Libya after World War Two.The book was followed by McAuslan in the Rough and The Sheikh and the Dustbin.
 Trauma is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of emergency medicine. Its editors-in-chief are Ian Greaves (James Cook University Hospital) and Keith M Porter (Selly Oak Hospital). It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with TraumaCare.
 Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron is a graphic novel by American cartoonist Daniel Clowes. The book follows a rather fantastic and paranoid plot very different from the stark realism of Clowes' later more widely known Ghost World. It contains nightmarish imagery including dismemberment deformed people and animals and sexual fetishism.Clowes has talked about how the story was inspired by his dreams as well as a recurring dream of his ex-wife's: A lot of it is just daydreams where ...
 Lot's Wife is the student newspaper of Monash University's Clayton campus. It is produced by students for students and operates as part of the Monash Student Association.
 World Literature Today is an American magazine of international literature and culture published bimonthly at the University of Oklahoma Norman. The magazine presents essays poetry fiction and book reviews from all over the world in a format accessible to a broad audience. Its mission is to serve as an engaging informative index to contemporary international literature.
 Narodni list (English: people's paper) is an independent Croatian weekly newspaper published in Zadar founded in 1862 making it the oldest in Croatia. Narodni list being independent has a reputation of writing about things other newspapers dare not touch such as corruption and nepotism among politicians which often includes writing about organized crime.
 A Tourist Guide To Lancre is the third book in the Discworld Mapp series and the first to be illustrated by Paul Kidby. As with the other maps the basic design and booklet were compiled by Terry Pratchett and Stephen Briggs.The Mapp shows the mountain country of Lancre with the Ramtops drawn in a vertigo-inducing perspective shot rather than as a relief diagram.
 Frida is a magazine published in Sweden. It was the tenth best-selling magazine in the country as of 2004.[citation needed]
 Race & Class is a peer-reviewed academic journal on contemporary racism and imperialism. It is published quarterly by Sage Publications on behalf of the Institute of Race Relations and is interdisciplinary publishing material across the humanities and social sciences.
 Inu × Boku SS (妖狐×僕SS Inu Boku Shīkuretto Sābisu lit. The Dog and Me Secret Service) also known as Youko x Boku is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Cocoa Fujiwara. An anime adaptation by David Production aired in Japan between January and March 2012. The anime has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks for streaming and home video release in North America.
 The Birthplace is a short story by Henry James first published in his collection The Better Sort in 1903. A witty satire on the excesses of bardolatry the story reflects James's skepticism about the authorship of Shakespeare's plays. Beyond the narrow scholarly issue the story also shows a typically imaginative Jamesian protagonist inventing an alternative reality in his lecture on the Bard's supposed childhood activities.
 The Vast Fields of Ordinary is a young adult gay novel by American author Nick Burd first published in 2009. The novel depicts the summer after high school graduation for a closeted suburban teenage boy his openly lesbian new best friend and the two boys he is interested in dating (one a Latino football star the other a drug dealer).
 The Journal of Statistics Education is a double-blind peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1993. It is published quarterly online by the American Statistical Association covering subjects related to statistical literacy and statistics education from elementary to college education and continuing training.
 Current Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1932 and published by the Current Science Association along with the Indian Academy of Sciences. It is published every fortnight by the Association in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Sciences. It was started in 1932 by the then stalwarts of Indian science such as C.V. Raman Birbal Sahni Meghnad Saha Martin Foster and S.S. Bhatnagar. In 2011 the journal completed one hundred volumes.
 Uphill Climb is a 1987 short story written by Canadian Science Fiction Author Robert J. Sawyer. It is notable for being the first print appearance of the Quintaglios a species of sentient dwarf tyrannosaurs which would later star in his critically acclaimed Quintaglio Ascension Trilogy. It was later reprinted in Iterations an anthology of short stories written by Robert J. Sawyer.
 Parasyte (寄生獣 Kiseijū Parasitic Beasts) is a manga series written and illustrated by Hitoshi Iwaaki and published in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine from 1990 to 1995. The manga was published in North America by first Tokyopop then Del Rey and finally Kodansha Comics USA. The manga will be adapted into two live-action films in Japan in 2014 and 2015. An anime television series adaptation has also been announced.
 Bamboo Ridge (in full Bamboo Ridge: Journal of Hawai'i Literature and Arts) is a Hawaii-based literary journal and press founded in 1978 by Eric Chock and Darrell H.Y. Lum to publish works by and for the people of Hawaii. It was named after a popular fishing spot on Oahu [1]. Lois-Ann Yamanaka is among the writers Bamboo Ridge has published.
 Friendly Fire: The Illusion of Justice published in 2010 is memoir written by Adam Bereki. The book tells a harrowing story where truth is stranger than fiction. The story is of an aspiring young police officer who enters the Huntington Beach police force but finds himself caught in a disastrous cycle when his colleagues catch wind of his sexual orientation.
 Popular Computing Weekly was a computer magazine in the UK published from the early 1980s until the early 1990s. It was sometimes referred to as PCW (although that abbreviation is more commonly associated with Personal Computer World magazine).Its subject range was general covering gaming business and productivity software.
 This is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn is a young adult novel by Aidan Chambers published in 2005.It is the last work in the Dance sequence of six novels preceded by Breaktime Dance on My Grave Now I Know The Toll Bridge and Postcards from No Man's Land.
 dato (Danish: date) is a discontinued Danish free daily newspaper owned by Det Berlingske Officin. Launched on August 16 2006 the newspaper is Berlingske's offering in the newspaper war initiated by Dagsbrún's Nyhedsavisen. dato was however the first of the recent free dailies delivered to people's homes to begin publishing. It was distributed in Metropolitan Copenhagen and the suburbs of Århus.
 Blade of the Phantom Master (新暗行御史 Shin Angyō Onshi 신암행어사 Shin amhaengosa) translated as New Royal Secret Commissioner is a serial manga-manhwa and animated film created by Youn In-wan and illustrated by Yang Kyung-il. The series takes place in a world reminiscent of ancient Korea and follows the Korean-folktale-inspired adventures of Munsu one of the few remaining guardians against corruption and tyranny as he seeks to find those responsible for the destruction of his country.
 The Robot and the Man is a 1953 anthology of science fiction short stories regarding robots edited by Martin Greenberg. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding and Galaxy Science Fiction.
 Couple and Family Psychology: Research and Practice is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of their Division 43. The journal covers all aspects of family psychology. It was established in 2011 and the editor-in-chief is Mark Stanton (Azusa Pacific University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO.
 Christianity Today magazine is an evangelical Christian periodical founded in 1956 based in Carol Stream Illinois. It is the flagship publication of its parent organization by the same name a nonprofit global media ministry.
 Marvel Zombies is a five-issue limited series published from December 2005 to April 2006 by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Robert Kirkman with art by Sean Phillips and covers by Arthur Suydam. It was the first series in the Marvel Zombies series of related stories. The story is set in an alternate universe where the world's superhero population has been infected with a virus which turned them into zombies.
 Linda Condon is a novel by United States writer Joseph Hergesheimer first published in 1919 and like its author almost completely forgotten today.
 Man Overboard: The Counterfeit Resurrection of Phil Champagne is a non-fiction biography and true crime book by author Burl Barer that was released in 1995 by Northwest Publishing. It is the story of Champagne's life after his faked death.
 Village 1104 is a fiction book written by the youngest author and social activist in India- Prateek Arora. The book is a first-person narrative which revolves around a professor- Abhimanyu Shergill and 4 children- Sid Rishabh Murari and Priya. Prateek in this book talks about the various kinds of pressure an Indian student has to go through- parental pressure peer pressure and gender-biases.
 Love to Love You Bradys: the bizarre story of The Brady Bunch Variety Hour is a 2009 coffee table book written by The Brady Bunch actress Susan Olsen about the 1976-77 Brady Bunch spinoff TV show The Brady Bunch Hour.The book asserts that the spinoff is noteworthy in television history for being in Olsen's words spectacularly bad; in 2002 it was ranked in the top five worst shows of all time by TV Guide.
 The Glass Canoe is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author David Ireland.It is about a man who spends his life at the pub seeing the world through his beer glass - a glass canoe.
 Surviving Antarctica: Reality TV 2083 is a novel written by Andrea White.In 2006 the book won the Golden Spur Award given by the Texas State Reading Association for the best book by a Texas author and was nominated for a Texas Bluebonnet Award for children's literature.
 The Monroe Street Journal is a student-managed weekly newspaper of Ross School of Business University of Michigan Ann Arbor. It is named after the street leading to the main entrance of the school. The editors-in-chief are Leslie Feingerts Annie Cronin and Eric Totaro.The newspaper's mission is to provide weekly news and opinion of interest for students from the Stephen M. Ross School of Business.
 Lupus is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Rheumatology. The journal's editor is Graham R.V. Hughes (King's College London). It has been in publication since 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Great Explosion is a satirical science fiction novel by Eric Frank Russell first published in 1962. The story is divided into three sections. The final section is based on Russell's famous 1951 short story ...And Then There Were None. Twenty-three years after the novel was published it won a Prometheus Hall of Fame Award.
 Gradisil is a science fiction novel by British author Adam Roberts.
 Annals of African Medicine is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering all aspects of medicine in particular in relation to Africa. It was established in 2002 and is published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the African Medicine Society. The editor-in-chief is Emmanuel A. Ameh.
 Shin Min Daily News (Chinese: 新明日报) is a Singapore Chinese-language afternoon newspaper currently published by Singapore Press Holdings (SPH). First started on March 18 1967 by Singapore businessman Liang Renzhi (梁润之) and the renowned Hong Kong writer Louis Cha as an offshoot of Hong Kong's Ming Pao it featured exclusive serializations of some of Cha's wuxia novels in its early days.
 Authentic Science Fiction was a British science fiction magazine published in the 1950s that ran for 85 issues under three editors: Gordon Landsborough H.J. Campbell and E.C. Tubb. The magazine was published by Hamilton and Co. and began in 1951 as a series of novels appearing every two weeks; by the summer it became a monthly magazine with readers' letters and an editorial page though fiction content was still restricted to a single novel.
 Comic High! (コミック・ハイ! Komikku Hai!) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published on a monthly basis by Futabasha. It was launched as a special issue of Weekly Manga Action but has since become its own independent monthly anthology. The magazine was first published on March 2 2004 as the industry's first shōjo manga magazine for males; the official website describes the magazine as Girlish comics for boys and girls. The magazine is aimed at males between 18 to 35 years old.
 Bazaar-e-Husn (Urdu: بازارٍ حسن‎) or Seva Sadan (Hindi: सेवासदन) is a Hindustani novel by Munshi Premchand.The novel was originally written in Urdu under the title Bazaar-e-Husn (Market of Beauty or Red-light district) but was first published in Hindi from Calcutta under the title Seva Sadan (The House of Service) in 1919.
 Battle of the Atom is a 10-part comic book crossover storyline published by Marvel Comics that debuted in September and October 2013 and will run through multiple X-Men books.The story involves the X-Men of the future traveling to present time in order to force the All-New X-Men to return to their rightful time as their presence in the current timeline will result in disastrous consequences.
 Bedroom Farce is a 1975 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It had a London production at the Prince of Wales Theatre in 1978.
 Sarmayeh (in Persian: سرمایه) was a daily business newspaper published in Iran. In 2009 it was banned from publishing by the Iranian government and several of its reporters and editors were arrested on state security charges.
 The Soldier and the State: The Theory and Politics of Civil-Military Relations is a 1957 book written by political scientist Samuel P. Huntington. In the book Huntington advances the theory of objective civilian control according to which the optimal means of asserting control over the armed forces is to professionalize them. This is in contrast to subjective control which involves placing legal and institutional restrictions on the military's autonomy. Edward M.
 Eagle Strike is the fourth book in the Alex Rider series written by British author Anthony Horowitz. The book was released in the United Kingdom on September 4 2003 and in the United States on April 12 2004. It is set mostly in Southern France Paris Amsterdam and London.
 Henderson's Boys: Secret Army is the third book in the Henderson's Boys book series by Robert Muchamore. It continues the stories of the main characters Marc Kilgour Charles Henderson PT Bivott Paul Clarke and his sister Rosie Clarke.
 A Push and a Shove: A Novel is a 2007 novel in the thriller genre by Christopher Kelly. Kelly an openly gay man is a film critic and journalist for Fort Worth Star-Telegram and Texas Monthly. Kelly developed the story over four years and it is slightly autobiographical [...] with elements of me in both the main characters. Publishers Weekly recommended it as a combination of revenge and coming-of-age story.The novel won the Lambda Literary Award for Gay Debut Fiction in 2007.
 The Journal of Food Biochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research on the effects of handling storage and processing on the biochemical aspects of food. It was established in 1977 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell. The journal moved to online-only publication in 2011.
 Skulduggery Pleasant: Death Bringer is the sixth book in the Skulduggery Pleasant series. The first four chapters were released on the Skulduggery Pleasant website on 15 July 2011; the full book was released on 1 September 2011.The plot of Death Bringer focuses on the Necromancers and the Death Bringer. This volume completes the second or Necromancer trilogy of the series which consists of books 4–6: Dark Days Mortal Coil and Death Bringer.
 Lucky Starr and the Pirates of the Asteroids is the second novel in the Lucky Starr series six juvenile science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov that originally appeared under the pseudonym Paul French. The novel was first published by Doubleday & Company in November 1953.
 Private Lies: Infidelity and Betrayal of Intimacy is a non-fiction book by psychiatrist and family therapist Frank Pittman M.D. Private Lies was first published in hardcover edition in 1989 by W. W. Norton & Company and then again by the same publisher in paperback edition in 1990.Dr. Pittman's book has been referred to as widely quoted by Psychology Today. It has been cited by 24 other books on marriage and family therapy counseling.
 Le Journal Hebdomadaire (French for The Weekly Journal; often shortened to Le Journal Hebdo) was a French-language Moroccan weekly magazine published between 1997 and 2010. It was cofounded by Aboubakr Jamaï who also co-founded its Arabic-language counterpart Assahifa Al Ousbouia.
 The Purple Cloud is a last man novel by the British writer M. P. Shiel. It was published in 1901. H.G. Wells lauded The Purple Cloud asbrilliant and H. P. Lovecraft later praised the novel as exemplary weird fiction delivered with a skill and artistry falling little short of actual majesty.The novel formed the basis for the 1959 American film The World the Flesh and the Devil.
 In The Pound Near Breaktime is a science fiction short story written in 1995 by Kent Brewster. It was nominated for the 1997 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 The Bulletin is an English-language website published in Brussels Belgium. Founded in 1962 it was the oldest weekly magazine in English in Belgium and one of the oldest English-language publications in Continental Europe. When the print version folded in 2012 it claimed a readership of 45000 people mostly from the large expatriate community of the European Union's capital.
 Glorious Appearing: The End of Days is the 12th book in the Left Behind series. Released on Tuesday March 30 2004 this book sees the surviving believers awaiting the return of Jesus Christ as the war of Armageddon and the seven-year Tribulation period draws to its climax. It was on The New York Times Best Seller list for 22 weeks. It takes place on the day of to the day after the Glorious Appearing.
 Languages in Contrast is a peer-reviewed academic journal of contrastive linguistics established in 1998 and published biannually by John Benjamins Publishing Company. Focusing on comparative studies of two or multiple languages it covers all subfields of both theoretical and applied linguistics such as morphology phonology discourse analysis language education etc.The current editors-in-chief are Silvia Bernardini (University of Bologna) and Hilde Hasselgård (University of Oslo).
 Goldenseal is a quarterly magazine devoted to West Virginia traditional life published by the State of West Virginia Division of Culture and History.
 Balance Point is the sixth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars universe. It is a science fiction novel written by Kathy Tyers and published in 2000.
 The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl is a 2005 novel by Tim Pratt. This is Pratt's first full length novel. 'Rangergirl' takes place in present day but with science fiction and western themes found throughout the story.
 The Fur (softcover ISBN 1-920731-01-6) is a science fiction novel by author Nathan Hobby published in 2004 after winning the 2002 T. A. G. Hungerford Award for unpublished new writers.
 The Shwezigon Pagoda Bell Inscription (Burmese: ရွှေစည်းခုံဘုရား ခေါင်းလောင်းစာ) is a multi-language inscription found on the Shwezigon Pagoda Bell donated by King Bayinnaung of Toungoo Dynasty and located at the Shwezigon Pagoda in Bagan Burma (Myanmar). Written in Burmese Mon and Pali the inscription lists the important events in the first six years of his reign.
 The Ashes of Eden is a Star Trek novel co-written by William Shatner Judith Reeves-Stevens and Garfield Reeves-Stevens as part of the Shatnerverse series of novels. This is Shatner's first Trek collaboration.The audio adaptation of the book is notable as the first time in the entire Star Trek franchise that the famous phrase Beam me up Scotty is uttered in that form.
 Ellenfény is an Hungarian language art magazine published in Hungary.
 The Times is an American daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Pawtucket Rhode Island covering eastern Providence County Rhode Island and some adjacent towns in Massachusetts. It is owned by RISN Operations Inc.
 The Overton Window is a political thriller by political commentator Glenn Beck. The book written with the assistance of contributing writers was first released on June 15 2010.
 Porno is a novel published in 2002 by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh and is the sequel to Trainspotting.The book describes the characters of Trainspotting ten years after the events of the earlier book as their paths cross again this time with the pornography business as the backdrop rather than heroin use (although numerous drugs particularly cocaine are mentioned throughout).
 Upside Down: A Primer for the Looking-Glass World (in Spanish Patas Arriba: la Escuela del Mundo al Revés) originally published in Spanish in 1998 was written by Eduardo Galeano a Uruguayan author who was greatly impacted by the political turmoil during the 20th century military regimes in Latin America. Events such as the Uruguayan military coup forced Galeano into exile in Spain and Argentina; these exiles in particular may have been formative in Galeano's life and writing.
 A War of Shadows first published in 1952 is a non-fiction book written by W. Stanley Moss a British soldier writer and traveller best known together with Patrick Leigh Fermor for the Kidnap of General Kreipe as described in Moss’s book Ill Met by Moonlight. Moss recounts his subsequent activities during World War II as agent of the Special Operations Executive (SOE) in Crete Macedonia (Greece) and Siam (Thailand).
 The Everglades: River of Grass is a non-fiction book written by Marjory Stoneman Douglas in 1947. Published the same year as the formal opening of Everglades National Park the book was a call to attention about the degrading quality of life in the Everglades and continues to remain an influential book on nature conservation as well as a reference for information on South Florida. It was used as recently as 2007 by the New York Times.
 Best Kept Secret is a 2013 novel by Jeffrey Archer and the third book in his Clifton Chronicles series. The book was released on 14 March 2013 and follows Harry Clifton as he starts a familyOf the series Archer commented in March 2013 that he had completed the first draft for the next book in the series and was unsure as to how many books in the series there would be.
 Sylk Magazine is an exclusive online men's magazine launched in June 2004. Sylk features a mix of socio-political editorial combined with pictorials of scantily clad models (Sylk Girls). Though Sylk Magazine was not the first online men's magazine in the genre it is one of the first to forsake print and embrace 100% Internet distribution.
 Postern of Fate is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie that was first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in October 1973 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. The UK edition retailed at £2.00 and the US edition at $6.95.The book features her detectives Tommy and Tuppence Beresford and is the detectives' last appearance.
 De kroongetuige is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1983.
 Kiln People is a 2002 science fiction novel by David Brin. It was published in the UK under the title Kil'n People. It has the distinction of finishing second in four different awards for best SF/fantasy novel of 2002 – the Hugo the Locus the John W. Campbell Award and the Arthur C. Clarke Award – each time finishing behind a different book.In the world of the novel surveillance technology is pervasive as studied in Brin's essay The Transparent Society.
 April Lady is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer. It is in many respects a classic example of her work; light with some drama and delicately handled romance. Heyer writes from the perspective of two main characters throughout the book. The story is set in 1813.
 The American Journal of Agricultural Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal of agricultural natural resource and environmental economics as well as rural and community development. Published five times per year it is one of two journals published by the Agricultural & Applied Economics Association along with Applied Economic Perspectives and Policy. It was established in 1919 at which point it was called the Journal of Farm Economics.
 Amerika also known as The Man Who Disappeared (German: Der Verschollene) is the incomplete first novel of author Franz Kafka (1883–1924) written between 1911 and 1914 and published posthumously in 1927. The novel originally began as a short story titled The Stoker. The novel incorporates many details of the experiences of his relatives who had emigrated to America.
 World's Best Science Fiction: 1965 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr the first volume in a series of seven. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in 1965. It was reprinted by the same publisher in 1970 under the alternate title World's Best Science Fiction: First Series.The book collects seventeen novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction by the editors.
 Tehran Times began in 1979 as a foreign-language newspaper to air the voice of the Islamic Revolution.
 Sisters is a 1981 novel by Lynne Cheney published only in a Signet Canadian paperback edition as part of the New American Library (ISBN 0-451-11204-0). Sisters is a historical novel set in Cheyenne Wyoming in 1886. Sophie Dymond a magazine editor in New York comes home to Cheyenne after the death of her sister Helen. The novel is a historical and literary portrayal of the status of women in the Old West.
 Fireflood and Other Stories is the first collection of short work by Vonda N. McIntyre published in hardcover by Houghton Mifflin in 1979 and reprinted in paperback by Timescape Books in 1981. UK editions were issued by Gollancz in 1980 and by Pan Books in 1982; it was also issued by the Science Fiction Book Club. Fireflood placed fifth in the annual Locus Poll for best collection.
 Doctor Dolittle and the Green Canary is a Doctor Dolittle book written by Hugh Lofting. Although much of the material had been printed originally in 1924 for the Herald Tribune Syndicate Lofting planned to complete the story in book form but never finished before he died. Lofting's wife's sister Olga Michael completed the book and it was published posthumously in 1950. Everything except the first and last chapter are by Lofting.
 The Pea-Pickers is a novel by the Australian writer Eve Langley first published in 1942. It is a first person semi-autobiographical narrative about two sisters who travel in the 1920s to Gippsland and other rural areas to work as agricultural labourers. It shared the 1940 S. H.
 A Woman For All Seasons is a novel written by Australian author Elizabeth Haran and published in 2001 by Bastei Lübbe.
 Rejection Slips is a comic poem by Isaac Asimov written in 1959 for the collection Nine Tomorrows. This poem intends to illustrate the three different approaches of the most important editors in science fiction at the time (John W. Campbell of Astounding Horace Gold of Galaxy Science Fiction and Anthony Boucher of F&SF) when they had a story to reject.
 The Fiftieth Gate is a book written by Mark Raphael Baker and published by HarperCollins in 1997. The book documents his exploration of his parents' memories and past in relation to the Holocaust. The book won a New South Wales Premier's Literary Award in 1997 and the Ethnic Affairs Commission Community Relations Commission Award in 2001.
 Arch of Triumph (German: Arc de Triomphe) is a 1945 novel by Erich Maria Remarque about stateless refugees in Paris before World War II. It was his second worldwide bestseller after All Quiet on the Western Front written during his exile in the United States (1939–1948). It was made into a feature film in 1948 and remade as a television film in 1985.
 The Montana Standard is a Lee Enterprises daily newspaper printed in Butte Montana. Its circulation is 14044 on Sundays 13780 on weekdays.
 Heart of the World is a 1895 book by H Rider Haggard about a lost Mayan city in Mexico.
 Mori no Asagao (モリのアサガオ) is a Japanese manga series by Mamora Gōda. It won the 11th Grand Prize for manga at the Japan Media Arts Festival in 2007. It was adapted into a live-action television drama in 2010.
 Ruins of Zhentil Keep is a supplement to the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Pääkaupunki (Finnish for capital) is a Finnish political satire comic strip drawn by Tarmo Koivisto. It is published on the back page of the Helsingin Sanomat monthly supplement.Koivisto is more famous for Mämmilä an ongoing tale about a fictional Finnish village but during a multi-year hiatus in the series he started drawing Pääkaupunki on the side.The comic satirises current Finnish politics very sharply.
 The Complete Idiot's Guide to Publishing Science Fiction (2001) by Cory Doctorow and Karl Schroeder was published as part of The Complete Idiot's Guide series of non-fiction manuals released by Alpha Books. It was the first non-fiction book by Doctorow a novelist.
 We Gotta Get out of This Place: Popular Conservatism and Postmodern Culture by Lawrence Grossberg was published in 1992 and deals with several aspects of (then) contemporary American culture: Lawrence Grossberg states that it is a book about “the political economic and cultural forces which are producing a new atmosphere a new kind of dissatisfaction and a new conservatism in American life”.
 Trencher is an American comic book series that was created written and drawn by Keith Giffen and released by Image Comics in 1993. It totaled only four issues before its end.
 The Silver Linings Playbook is a 2008 debut novel of American author Matthew Quick.
 Leviathan is a comic strip by Peter Blegvad an American musician singer-songwriter and cartoonist. It appeared in the review section of the British newspaper The Independent on Sunday during the 1990s.
 Song of Solomon is a 1977 novel by American author Toni Morrison. It follows the life of Macon Milkman Dead III an African-American male living in Michigan from birth to adulthood.This book won the National Books Critics Award was chosen for Oprah Winfrey's popular book club and was cited by the Swedish Academy in awarding Morrison the 1993 Nobel Prize in literature.
 Israel-Nachrichten (meaning Israel news) was a German language daily newspaper published in Tel Aviv. It was a part of the Internationale Medienhilfe network.The paper was founded in 1935 by Siegfried Blumenthal. By 1950 it was one of the best selling newspapers in Israel.Initially it was called S. Blumenthal’s Private Correspondenz (1935-1936) then Blumenthal’s neuste Nachrichten (1937-1943) then Neuste Nachrichten (1943-1973).
 Like Colour To The Blind (1998) is the third in a series of four autobiographical works by internationally bestselling autistic author Donna Williams. Once published in the US using the American spelling 'color' it is now published worldwide by Jessica Kingsley Publishers using the UK spelling 'colour'.
 Organic Process Research & Development is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1997 by the American Chemical Society. It is indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service Scopus EBSCOhost British Library and Web of Science. The current editor-in-chief is Trevor Laird.
 Politikin Zabavnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Политикин Забавник) is a popular magazine in Serbia published by Politika Newspapers and Magazines. The first issue came out on 28 February 1939. In the beginning it was printed in the form of newspaper and issued biweekly on Tuesdays and Fridays. Nowadays it comes out weekly on Fridays.
 Significant Others is a 1987 novel by Armistead Maupin the fifth book in the Tales of the City series. It originally was serialized in the San Francisco Examiner.
 Traité élémentaire de chimie (Elementary Treatise of Chemistry) is an influential textbook written by Antoine Lavoisier published in 1789 and translated into English by Robert Kerr in 1790 under the title Elements of Chemistry in a New Systematic Order containing All the Modern Discoveries.The book is considered to be the first modern chemical textbook.
 Core Evidence is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal covering research on drug development. The journal was established in 2005 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Taras Bulba (Russian: Тара́с Бу́льба; Ukrainian: Тара́с Бу́льба Tarás Búl'ba) is a romanticized historical short story by Nikolai Gogol. It tells the story of an old Zaporozhian Cossack Taras Bulba and his two sons Andriy and Ostap. Taras' sons studied at the Kiev Academy and return home.
 Lost Dorsai is a science fiction novella by Gordon R. Dickson. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1981 and was also nominated for the Nebula Award in 1980.
 Above the Veil is the fourth children's book in Garth Nix's The Seventh Tower series published in 2001 by Scholastic.
 Atlantida (French: L'Atlantide) is a French novel by Pierre Benoit published in February 1919. It was translated into English in 1920 as Atlantida. L'Atlantide was Benoit's second novel following Koenigsmark and it won the Grand Prize of the French Academy. The English translation of Atlantida was first published in the United States as a serial in Adventure magazine.The story inspired many films.
 Pilgrimage to Hell is the first book in the Deathlands Saga of novels. Written by Christopher Lowder under his pen name Jack Adrian and published on May 1 1986 it follows the adventures of Ryan Cawdor Krysty Wroth and J.B. Dix and delves into how they met.
 Memory Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the study of the social cultural political and technical shifts affecting how what and why individuals groups and societies remember and forget. The journal's editors-in-chief are Andrew Hoskins (University of Glasgow) Amanda Barnier (Macquarie University) Wulf Kansteiner (State University of New York) and John Sutton (Macquarie University).
 Swords Against Darkness II is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andrew J. Offutt. It was first published in paperback by Zebra Books in 1977.The book collects eight short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors with an introductory essay by Offutt.
 Best Friend was a 1976 Broadway play written by Michael Sawyer that premiered at the Lyceum Theatre on October 19 1976 and closed on October 23 1976 after 8 performances.
 1001 Best Ways is written by Paul D Angles based on contributions by hundred of individuals.
 Barbary Shore is Norman Mailer's second published novel written after Mailer's great success with his 1948 debut The Naked and the Dead. It concerns a protagonist who rents a room in a Brooklyn boarding house with the intention of writing a novel. Wounded during World War II he is an amnesiac and much of his past is a secret to himself. After Rinehart & Company published the novel in 1951 it received poor reviews and sold poorly.
 Space Tug is a YA science fiction novel by author Murray Leinster. It was published in 1953 by Shasta Publishers in an edition of 5000 copies. It is the second novel in the author's Joe Kenmore series. Groff Conklin gave it a mixed review in Galaxy noting that it held plenty of excitement though not much maturity. Boucher and McComas preferred it to the series's initial volume but still found it quite a notch below ; ; ; Leinster's adult work. P.
 One Fine Day in the Middle of the Night (1999) is the fourth novel by Scottish writer Christopher Brookmyre.
 The Winter Men is a comic book limited series published by Wildstorm Productions in 2005. The series was written by Brett Lewis with art by John Paul Leon.The story is about a Russian policeman who is the product of a Soviet project to create superhumans.
 Published in 1933 Doctor Dolittle's Return was the first Doctor Dolittle book in five years. Doctor Dolittle in the Moon was supposed to be the last book but as with Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes the author relented. The tone is lighter and more comic and is surprisingly short the shortest book since the first one.
 Races of Faerûn is an optional supplemental sourcebook for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the 3rd edition of Dungeons & Dragons.
 Dirty Linen was a bi-monthly magazine of folk and world music based in Baltimore Maryland. The magazine ceased publication in the spring of 2010. The magazine offered extensive reviews of folk music recordings videos books and concerts as well as in depth profiles of musical artists and venues. They also maintained a schedule of concerts and festivals of folk music performances in North America in their gig guide which was available within the magazine or through their web site.
 The Virgin Carrying a Lantern is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium (1923). It was one of the few Harmonium poems first published in that volume so it is still under copyright. However it is quoted here as justified by fair use to facilitate scholarly commentary.This poem illustrates Edmund Wilson's maxim about reading Stevens that even when you do not know what he is saying you know that he is saying it well.
 Wild Energy. Lana (orig. Ukrainian Dyka enerhiya. Lana) is a 2006 fantasy novel written by Maryna and Serhiy Dyachenko and published in the Ukraine. The authors were named the best European fantasy writers in 2005.[citation needed]The storyline of Wild Energy. Lana was inspired by Ukrainian musician Ruslana and contains many elements from her unique lifestyle. The main character Lana is supposed to become the prototype of Ruslana's new music project.
 Those Who Hunt Elves (エルフを狩るモノたち Erufu wo karu mono-tachi) is a manga series and an anime television series by Yu Yagami released in North America on VHS and DVD by ADV Films. The plot revolves around three travellers the eponymous Elf Hunters and the elven sorceress Mistress Celcia.
 The Owl and the Ape is a fantasy story written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series. It was first published in the magazine Imagination Stories of Science and Fantasy for November 1951 and first appeared in book form in the de Camp's collection The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales (Twayne 1953). It has also been translated into German.
 Wasteland was an American anthology-style horror comic book published by DC Comics in 1987–1989 and intended for adult readers. The series lasted 18 issues.Each issue (with the exception of the book-length final issue) consisted of three unrelated stories written by John Ostrander and/or Del Close.
 Turmoil in the Swaths (French: Trouble dans les andains) is a novel by the French writer Boris Vian. It was published posthumously by La Jeune Parque in 1966.
 The Monstrous Compendium is a series of accessories for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Florida Review is a national non-profit literary journal published twice a year by the College of Arts and Humanities at the University of Central Florida. Its artistic mission is to publish the best poetry and prose written by the world’s most exciting emerging and established writers. They have published important writers such as David Foster Wallace Tony Early and Tom Chiarella before they went on to become regular contributors to The New Yorker Harper's and The Atlantic.
 The Hudson Review is a quarterly journal of literature and the arts. It was founded in 1947 in New York by William Ayers Arrowsmith Joseph Deericks Bennett and George Frederick Morgan. The first issue was introduced in the spring of 1948.
 Hasta La Vista is an Albanian novel written by Petro Marko in 1958. It widely encompasses the author's experience in the Spanish Civil War in which he was part of the International Brigades Garibaldi Battalion.
 Cogan's Trade is a 1974 crime novel by George V. Higgins. The novel was Higgins's third novel centered on crime in Boston neighborhoods following The Friends of Eddie Coyle and The Digger's Game. In Cogan's Trade Cogan is a hitman who targets the person responsible for a card-game heist.
 The Charleston Gazette-Mail is a Saturday and Sunday newspaper in Charleston West Virginia USA. It is published by a joint venture between the Charleston Gazette and the Charleston Daily Mail which publish editorially rival but non-competitive in business terms papers on weekdays.
 The McGill Law Journal is a scholarly legal publication affiliated with the student body of the McGill University Faculty of Law in Montreal Quebec published by a non-profit corporate institution independent of the faculty run exclusively by students.It also publishes the Canadian Guide to Uniform Legal Citation (also known as the McGill Guide) Canada’s legal citation reference work.
 The Jasper Booster was a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays serving the Jasper Alberta area. It was founded in 1963 and was the first to report news in Jasper. It was Jasper's long-term residents' favourite newspaper reporting real news about local residents.[citation needed]The Jasper Booster team created many complementary publications over the years.
 The Scorpion's Gate is a geopolitical thriller by former United States intelligence and Counterterrorism official Richard A. Clarke.[1] The Scorpion's Gate is his first novel but it is not his first book — unlike his non-fiction policy books this is an attempt to convey vital foreign policy ideas through fiction. The subtitle on the cover reads: Sometimes you can tell more truth through fiction.. The hardcover edition is 320 pages long.
 Judas My Brother: The Story of the Thirteenth Disciple is a 1968 historical novel by Frank Yerby. The novel provides a narrative attempting a demythologized account of the events surrounding the life of Jesus and the origin of Christianity.
 The Journal of Pediatric Neurosciences is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society for Pediatric Neurosurgery. It covers research in pediatric neurology neurosurgery neuroimaging and neuropathology.
 The African Journal of Educational Studies in Mathematics and Sciences aims at generating fresh scholarly inquiry and exposition in the fields of mathematics science education and related disciplines.
 Hinterlands is a science fiction short story written by William Gibson in 1981 and published in his short fiction collection Burning Chrome in 1986. The story is a fable about the 'cargo cult' mentality. Hinterlands explores the consequences for cultures and civilisations when confronted with artifacts - from an unknown but likely superior source - that are dangerous but nonetheless valuable.
 Described as a magazine of new writing in Zimbabwe Tsotso's mandate was to undermine the continued colonial domination of literature. It sought to create a platform where a new generation of Zimbabwean writers could give expression to their experiences through writing and create new contexts for the discussion criticism and dissemination of their work.The magazine bypassed traditional channels such as academics and foreign institutes Tsotso's editorial team - T.O. Mcloughlin F.R.
 Battle Royale (バトル・ロワイアル Batoru Rowaiaru) is a novel by Japanese writer Koushun Takami. Originally completed in 1996 it was not published until 1999.
 Or Die Trying is a short story set in the Star Wars galaxy. It was written by Sean Williams and Shane Dix for Star Wars Insider 75. The story takes place between The New Jedi Order books Force Heretic: Refugee and Reunion 29 years after the Battle of Yavin.
 Extraterrestrial Civilizations is a book written by Isaac Asimov in 1979 wherein the probability of there being intelligent extraterrestrial civilizations within the Milky Way galaxy is estimated.
 I'll Tell You a Secret: a Memory of Seven Summers is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer Anne Coleman first published in September 2004 by McClelland & Stewart. In the book the author offers her perspective of Hugh MacLennan her mentor and well known Canadian literary figure.
 The Journal of East Asian Economic Integration is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on economics. It is published by the Korea Institute for International Economic Policy and was established in 1997 as the Journal of International Economic Studies obtaining its current title in 2012. The editor-in-chief is June Dong Kim (Korea Institute for International Economic Policy).
 Somatosensory & Motor Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all topics relating to the neural bases for somatic sensation somatic motor function somatic motor integration and modeling thereof. The journal has been published quarterly by Informa since 1983. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal had a 2009 impact factor of 1.108.
 Lost in Space was a comic book published by Innovation Comics based upon the television series Lost in Space. It utilized the settings and characters from the series but was set years after the end of the series and featured older characters coming to terms with being cut off from Earth for so many years.
 Applied Developmental Science a is peer-reviewed academic journal on developmental psychology published by Psychology Press.
 Le miroir de Cassandre (lit. The Mirror of Cassandra) is a book written by Bernard Werber.The themes of the book are: future-seeing freedom exclusion the future of humanity and autism. The name of the protagonist is a reference to the Cassandra from Homer's Iliad who receives a gift from the god Apollo: the ability to see into the future.
 The Epinal is Loughborough University's first independent student newspaper. It was founded in August 2012 and is run by and for students of the university.
 Days of Magic Nights of War (2004) is the second book in a series of five by author Clive Barker called The Books of Abarat. This volume contains the adventures of Candy Quackenbush an ordinary girl from Minnesota in the strange fantasy world of Abarat. Abarat: Days of Magic Nights of War will be followed by three more books Absolute Midnight The Dynasty Of Dreamers and the currently named The Eternal.
 Castration Celebration is a 2009 young adult novel by Jake Wizner. The book was released on May 26 2009 through Random House and follows the events of a group of friends during their summer together at Yale University’s summer arts program.Shakespeare Shapiro from Wizner's previous novel Spanking Shakespeare makes a short appearance in this novel.
 Kangtoap Padevat (Revolutionary Army) was a Khmer language weekly newspaper in Cambodia published in the 1980s. The first issue appeared in December 1979. Kongtoap Padevat was the organ of the Kampuchean People's Revolutionary Armed Forces.
 A Passage to India (1924) is a novel by English author E. M. Forster set against the backdrop of the British Raj and the Indian independence movement in the 1920s. It was selected as one of the 100 great works of English literature by the Modern Library and won the 1924 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction. Time magazine included the novel in its 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005. The novel is based on Forster's experiences in India. E.M.
 In the Garden of Iden is a 1997 science fiction novel by Kage Baker. Although it is set entirely in the 16th century in Spain and England it is a science fiction story revolving around the activities of a group of immortal cyborgs individuals who appear human but have been transformed by high technology.Mendoza is a cyborg who like others of her kind has been rescued from certain death as a small child and turned into an immortal machine then made to work for The Company.
 The Last Man is an apocalyptic science fiction novel by Mary Shelley which was first published in 1826. The book tells of a future world that has been ravaged by a plague. The novel was harshly reviewed at the time and was virtually unknown until a scholarly revival beginning in the 1960s. It is notable in part for its semi-biographical portraits of Romantic figures in Shelley's circle particularly Shelley's late husband Percy Bysshe Shelley and Lord Byron.
 Faithless is the fifth novel in the Grant County Georgia series by author Karin Slaughter. It was originally published in hardback in 2005. It was a #1 The Times bestseller.[citation needed] Previous books in the series are Blindsighted Kisscut A Faint Cold Fear and Indelible. These books star Sara Linton Jeffrey Tolliver and Lena Adams.
 The Administrative Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Admin. L. Rev.) was established in 1948 and is the official law journal of the American Bar Association Section of Administrative Law & Regulatory Practice.
 S · A: Special A (S·A(スペシャル·エー) S·A (Supesharu Ē)) also known as Special A or S.A is a shōjo manga by Maki Minami. The series started serialization in the bimonthly magazine The Hana to Yume in 2003 and moved to the biweekly magazine Hana to Yume in 2004 after running for four chapters. The series ended after 99 chapters on March 19 2009.Special A has been licensed for English-language release in North America by Viz Media and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
 The House of Thunder is a novel written by best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1982. The book was originally published under the pseudonym Leigh Nichols.
 Virals is the first novel in the Virals series of novels for young adults written by the American forensic anthropologist and crime writer Kathy Reichs and her son Brendan Reichs featuring Tory Brennan great-niece of Temperance Brennan.It is the first of Reichs's novels to be written specifically for a young-adult audience.
 Hotman (ホットマン Hottoman) is a Japanese manga by Sho Kitagawa which was serialized in Young Jump magazine from 1994 to 1997. The main character is inspired by Jean Reno and the characters he has played. The manga has 15 volumes and after great success as a manga has been transferred to a television series which has completed its second season. Hotman was aired 2003 and Hotman 2 was aired 2004 in Japan by TBS.
 The Lost Princess is a children's picture book by Celeste and Carmel Buckingham published on October 1 2007 on Divis-Slovakia. Accompanied with illustrations by Georgina Soar the work credited to the both artists has been released as their official debut. The fairy tale includes such literary genre as fantasy featuring also elements of adventure novel and mystery fiction. The main story itself it revolves around friendship love and family determination.
 Fantastic Four: The End is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics depicting a possible future for the members of the superhero team the Fantastic Four as part of their The End series. Written and pencilled by Alan Davis and inked by Mark Farmer its premiere issue was cover-dated January 2007.
 Liberazione is an Italian left-wing newspaper founded as the official newspaper of the Italian Communist Refoundation Party.
 Moving Day is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher illustrated by Jennifer Emery. It was first published in 2006.
 The Pharos-Tribune is a morning and Sunday newspaper based in Logansport Indiana covering Cass County Indiana. The newspaper and its commercial printing facility in Logansport's Industrial Park are owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 To-y (トーイ) is a Japanese manga and anime OVA. It is the story of GASP an underground punk rock band and their attempt to get a recording contract and attain stardom. The story follows To-y Fujii lead singer of GASP and his attempts not to sell out during his rise through the recording industry. The story also follows To-y's growing relationship with Niya who find comfort in one another while they are shunned by mainstream society.
 Hover Car Racer is a Sci-fi/Sports/Action story written by Australian author Matthew Reilly originally released as a free fortnightly online serial and later published by Pan MacMillan in 2004.The novel as the book title suggests is about Hover Car Racing a sport developed in the early 21st century. The fictional technology of the Magneto drive uses the Earth's magnetic field to counteract gravity.
 The Long Loud Silence is a science fiction novel written by Wilson A. Tucker. It was first published in hardback edition by Rinehart & Co. in 1952 followed by Dell paperback editions in 1952 and 1954.The story takes place following a nuclear holocaust which wipes out every major city east of the Mississippi and leaves the survivors permanently infected with plague. To prevent the plague from spreading the army sets up a cordon sanitaire along the Mississippi.
 The End League is a fictional superhero team appearing in a self-titled bi-monthly comic book series by Dark Horse Comics which began in January 2008.The series was created by Rick Remender and Mat Broome and focuses on the struggles of the last of the superheroes in a world in which the supervillains have prevailed and enslaved what remains of the world.
 The Journal of Gay and Lesbian Social Services is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research related to sexual minorities and their social environment including issues of homophobia and heterosexism and the personal day-to-day experiences of people affected by these attitudes. The editor-in-chief is Melanie D. Otis.
 L'Illusion Comique is a comedic play by Pierre Corneille written in 1636. In its use of meta-theatricality (plays-within-the-play) it is far ahead of its time. It was first performed at the Hôtel de Bourgogne in 1636 and published in 1639.Corneille wrote this piece at the age of 29 and had already written seven other plays. L'Illusion comique marks a turning point in his career.
 Flux was a short-lived magazine in the mid-1990s which focused on music (mostly hard rock and hip-hop) comic books and video games. The magazine was bi-monthly and lasted for seven issues. It was presented as an edgier alternative to magazines such as EGM and GamePro.
 Al-Balad (Arabic: البلد‎) meaning The country officially Sada Al-Balad (Arabic: صدى البلد‎) meaning The echo of the country) is an Arabic-language daily newspaper in Lebanon. Its headquarters is in Beirut. It is a tabloid commercial paper.
 Ozma of Oz: A Record of Her Adventures with Dorothy Gale of Kansas Billina the Yellow Hen the Scarecrow the Tin Woodsman Tik-Tok the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger; Besides Other Good People too Numerous to Mention Faithfully Recorded Herein published on July 30 1907 was the third book of L. Frank Baum's Oz series. It was the first in which Baum was clearly intending a series of Oz books.It is the first Oz book where the majority of the action takes place outside of the Land of Oz.
 We Need To Talk About Ross is a 2009 book of fictional interviews by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard as part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series. It takes the form of a series of interviews with Ross and his friends in the aftermath of Mr S and the Secrets of Andorra's Box.
 In This House of Brede is a novel by Rumer Godden published in 1969.
 Educational Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editor is Ana M. Martinez Aleman (Boston College). It has been in publication since 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Ellsworth American is a local weekly newspaper covering Hancock County Maine.
 Judisk Krönika (Jewish Chronicle) is a Jewish magazine based in Stockholm Sweden. Published on a bimonthly basis with six issues a year the magazine had a circulation of around 6500 copies in 2000. Editor in chief since 1980 is Jackie Jakubowski.The journal was founded in 1932 by Daniel Brick. In 1979 the Jewish assemblies and Jewish organizations in Sweden took over responsibility for the magazine which then became the main information channel of Judaism in Sweden.
 The Republican-American is a family-owned newspaper based in Waterbury Connecticut. It is the result of the combination of two separate newspapers – the Waterbury American and the Waterbury Republican.
 The Tatami Galaxy (四畳半神話大系 Yojōhan Shinwa Taikei literally 4½ Tatami Mythological Chronicles) is a Japanese comedy-drama campus novel written by Tomihiko Morimi (森見 登美彦 Morimi Tomihiko) originally published in December 2004 by Ohta Publishing (太田出版 Ōta Shuppan) in the tankōbon format and later reissued in March 2008 by Kadokawa Shoten as a bunkoban.
 The International Journal of Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence was founded in 1987 and is published by World Scientific. The journal covers developments in artificial intelligence and its sub-field pattern recognition. This includes articles on image and language processing robotics and neural networks.
 No Retreat No Surrender: One American's Fight is a 2007 book by Tom DeLay and Stephen Mansfield. The book has a foreword by Rush Limbaugh and a preface by Sean Hannity.
 Health Service Journal (HSJ) is a weekly news print title and website on the British National Health Service healthcare management and health policy.
 Revista ISTOÉ (Portuguese for This is often written as Istoé or IstoÉ) is a weekly news magazine in Portuguese published in Brazil roughly the equivalent of the American magazines Time or Newsweek. It is considered one of the four main magazines being published in the country[citation needed] along with Veja Época and CartaCapital.
 Ishi no Ketsumyaku (石の血脈 Blood Ties to a Stone) is a science fiction novel by Ryo Hanmura. It won the third Seiun Award in 1972 and was the first major work to popularize Hanmura in the world of Japanese science fiction literature.
 Dividing the Estate is a play by Horton Foote. Set in the fictional town of Harrison Texas in 1987 it focuses on the Gordons a clan of malcontents ruled by octogenarian matriarch Stella that must prepare for an uncertain future when plunging real estate values and an unexpected tax bill have a negative impact on the family fortune.
 The Twelve Kingdoms (十二国記 Jūni Kokuki also known as Record of 12 Countries or Juuni Kokki a common alternate reading) is a Japanese series of light novels written by Fuyumi Ono and illustrated by Akihiro Yamada. The first entry in the series (The Shadow of the Moon The Sea of Shadow) was published by Kodansha in Japan in 1992; the last Kodansha volume was released in 2001. In 2012 the series was resumed under the Shinchō Bunko line from Shinchosha.
 There have been many publishers of a book (some with accompanying audio cassettes) bearing the name Transformers based on the toy lines of the same name. Most common are Ballantine Books and Ladybird Books.
 Research on Aging is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of social gerontology. The editor-in-chief is Debra Parker Oliver (University of Missouri). It was established in 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Sex Tips from Rock Stars: In Their Own Words (ISBN 978-1849384049) is a book by Paul Miles that quotes answers from twenty three rock stars to many questions on a broad range of sexual topics. The editors claim that the book is the world’s first confessional by rock stars on their sexual adventures.As the rock stars share their sexual instincts urges and experiences it produces a book that is part self-help sex manual part rock music biography part humour and part erotica.
 Roman Fever is a short story by American writer Edith Wharton. It was first published in the magazine Liberty in 1934 and was later included in Wharton's last short-story collection The World Over.
 City Newspaper is the alternative weekly newspaper of Rochester New York. It has been published since 1972 and its current circulation makes it the second-largest newspaper in the greater Rochester region.City Newspaper caters to residents of the region with progressive views on topics such as economic development racial equality local government and other social issues.
 Il Devoto–Oli. Vocabolario della lingua italiana is one of the most well-known monolingual dictionaries of the Italian language.The first edition is dated 1971 and it is published annually by the Le Monnier publishing house.
 A Roman Singer is an 1884 novel by F. Marion Crawford. First serialized in The Atlantic from July 1883 to June 1884 it was published in book form in 1884. It was among the best selling books in the United States in 1884.The novel is set in Rome. Crawford was born in Italy and spent a fair amount of time there including most immediately before writing this novel studying Sanskrit at the University of Rome from 1876-78.
 The Canadian Geographer / Le Géographe canadien is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Canadian Association of Geographers / l'Association canadienne des géographes. The journal was established in 1950. Its current editor-in-chief is Nadine Schuurman. The journal publishes contemporary geographical research that addresses significant social scientific and technical issues in Canada and globally.
 Ligeia is an early short story by American writer Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1838. The story follows an unnamed narrator and his wife Ligeia a beautiful and intelligent raven-haired woman. She falls ill composes The Conqueror Worm and quotes lines attributed to Joseph Glanvill (which suggest that life is sustainable only through willpower) shortly before dying. After her death the narrator marries the Lady Rowena. Rowena becomes ill and she dies as well.
 La Humanidad ('The Humanity') was a weekly anarcho-syndicalist newspaper published from La Paz Bolivia. La Humanidad was founded in 1928 as the organ of the Federación Obrera Local de La Paz (FOL 'Local Workers Federation of La Paz'). FOL had emerged out a split from the Marxist-oriented Federación Obrera del Trabajo. Directors of the newspaper included Guillermo Pelaez G. Maceda D. Osuna and Luis Salvatierra. The newspaper opposed involvement of the labour movement in electoral politics.
 Kyō Kara Ore Wa!! (今日から俺は!! trans. Today It's My Turn!!) is a Japanese shōnen manga by Hiroyuki Nishimori. The series was initially published in Shōnen Sunday Super running monthly from 1988 volume 9 through 1990 volume 38. The series was then promoted to the weekly magazine Shōnen Sunday from 1990 volume 40 through 1997 volume 47. The first manga tankōbon was published in December 14 1989 and last thirty-eighth on March 18 1998.
 The Death of the Lion is an 1894 short story by Henry James.
 The Auburn Journal is a newspaper based in Auburn California. The newspaper is owned by Gold Country Media a division of Brehm Communications.
 Signs of the Times is a monthly magazine published by Pacific Press a Seventh-day Adventist publishing house. Signs presents articles that are helpful in assisting Christian readers to live in modern society. The magazine emphasizes the second coming of Christ to this earth.Signs of the Times' library reference number is OCLC 10930013.Signs is also available as a completely separate Australian version also known as Signs of the Times published by Signs Publishing Company.
 The Bulgarian e-Journal of Archaeology (Abbreviation Be-JA (English) Бе-СА (Български)) is open access scientific journal published by the Association of Bulgarian Archaeologists (ABA) twice a year (June and December).The journal has a particular focus on materials concerning the archaeological investigations in Bulgaria and the neighbouring Balkan regions as well as protection and socialization of the culture-historical and archaeological heritage in both national and international aspect.
 L’Esprit Créateur is a quarterly academic journal established in 1961 and published by the Johns Hopkins University Press. The journal is dedicated to the study of French and Francophone literature and the literary and cultural criticism surrounding them. Each issue focuses on a specific theme or critical issue and includes reviews and illustrations. The journal's founding editor was John Erickson.
 Electronic Life is a 1983 non-fiction book by Michael Crichton an author better known for his novels.The book was intended to introduce the idea of personal computers to a reader who might be faced with them at work or at home for the first time. It defined basic jargon and assured readers that they could master the machine when it inevitably arrived.Electronic Life is written as a glossary with entries like Afraid of Computers (everybody is) Buying a Computer and Computer Crime.
 The Universal Baseball Association Inc. J. Henry Waugh Prop. is Robert Coover's second novel published in 1968.
 Eloise is a series of children's books written in the 1950s by Kay Thompson (1909–1998) and illustrated by Hilary Knight (b. 1926). Thompson and Knight followed up Eloise (1955) with four sequels.Eloise is a six-year-old girl who lives in the room on the tippy-top floor of the Plaza Hotel in New York City with her Nanny her pug dog Weenie and her turtle Skipperdee.Thompson's goddaughter Liza Minnelli has been cited as a possible model for Eloise as has the author herself.
 Their Eyes Were Watching God is a 1937 novel and the best known work by African-American writer Zora Neale Hurston. The novel narrates main character Janie Crawford's ripening from a vibrant but voiceless teenage girl into a woman with her finger on the trigger of her own destiny. Set in central and southern Florida in the early 20th century the novel was initially poorly received for its rejection of racial uplift literary prescriptions.
 The Navajo Times – known during the early 1980s as Navajo Times Today – is a newspaper created by the Navajo Tribal Council in 1959; in 1982 it was the first daily newspaper owned and published by a Native American Indian Nation. Now financially independent it is published in English; its headquarters is located in Window Rock Arizona.Over the past half century its editorial staff has continually faced challenges for editorial control from political leaders and opponents.
 The Broom of the System is the first novel by the American writer David Foster Wallace published in 1987.
 The Cranes of Ibycus (Die Kraniche des Ibykus original name Die Kraniche des Ibycus) is a ballad by Friedrich Schiller written in 1797 the year of his friendly ballad competition with Goethe. It is set in the 6th century BC and is based on the murder of Ibycus.
 Comic Earth Star (コミック アース・スター Komikku Āsu Sutā) is a monthly Japanese shōnen manga magazine published on the 12th each month by Earth Star Entertainment since March 12 2011.
 Murder Madness is a science fiction novel by author Murray Leinster. It was first published in book form in 1931 by Brewer and Warren. It was Leinster's first book. The novel was originally serialized in four parts in the magazine Astounding beginning in May 1930.
 The Sword and the Sickle is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1942. Like his other novels this one also deals with the topic of social and political structures specifically the rise of Communism. The title for the book was given to Anand by George Orwell. The novel was in keeping with British and American writings of the time. The book was the final part of the trilogy that included The Village and Across the Black Waters.
 The Journal of Literacy Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers on literacy in the field of education. The journal's Co-Editors are Patricia L. Anders Ph.D. (University of Arizona) and David B. Yaden Jr. Ph.D. (University of Arizona). The journal's Associate Editors are Ana Christina da Silva Iddings Ph.D. (University of Arizona) and Laurie Katz Ph.D. (Ohio State University).
 ABC-Zeitung was a German monthly children's magazine. Founded in 1946 it was the first children's magazine of East Germany and at one time it had a circulation of 885 000 copies.Published by Volk und Wissen until 1950 and then by Verlag Junge Welt it was the voice of the Free German Youth targeting Young Pioneers and primary school pupils of the grades 1 to 3. It was issued at a price of 30 Pfennig in schools or at kiosks.
 The Farm (2014) is a psychological thriller novel by Tom Rob Smith. Set in London and Sweden it is Smith's fourth published work and his first standalone novel.
 Xenesis is a 2004 techno-thriller by Beat Glogger a Swiss science journalist published by Rowohlt Verlag. The book builds around a theme of livestock that are genetically modified for xenotransplantation as a remedy for human organ donor shortages. A film adaptation may be in progress.The title is an artificial word that combines the words xenos—from the Greek for alien—and Genesis (taken from the Biblical creation story).
 Indra's Net: Defending Hinduism's Philosophical Unity is a 2014 book by Rajiv Malhotra an Indian-American author philanthropist and public speaker and published by HarperCollins. The book argues for unity coherence and continuity throughout the history of Hinduism and in Hindu philosophy.
 Pier Cloruro de' Lambicchi is an Italian comic strip series created by Giovanni Manca.
 Scrutiny: A Quarterly Review was a literature periodical founded in 1932 by L. C. Knights and F. R. Leavis who remained its principal editor until the final issue in 1953. Other editors include Lionel Charles Knights and Harold Andrew Mason.An additional volume number 20 is often included in this series including A Retrospect by Leavis indexes and errata.
 Fantômes dans la rue (The Ghost in the Street) is the title of a novella written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. His daughter Amy Le Clézio suggested the storyline to this novella. It was first published in the French language magazine Elle n° 2845 dated 10 July 2000.
 Check the Technique: Liner Notes for Hip-Hop Junkies is a book by music journalist Brian Coleman that covers the making of 36 classic hip hop albums based on interviews with the artists who created them also providing a track-by-track breakdown for each album entirely in the words of the artists. It was published by Villard/Random House in 2007.It is an expanded and updated version of the book Rakim Told Me also by Brian Coleman and it features a foreword by Questlove of the Roots.
 Sunday's Silence is the third novel from Gina B. Nahai and follows the story of a journalist searching for the truth about his father's death. The book was published in 2003 by Washington Square Press in the United States and became a Los Angeles Times bestseller.
 The View from Saturday is a children's novel by E. L. Konigsburg published by Atheneum Books for Young Readers in 1996.It won the 1997 Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature the author's second Medal.
 Georgian Journal is a Georgian weekly newspaper published by the Kviris Palitra Publishers. It is one of the few newspapers in Georgia to be printed fully in English.
 My Friend Rabbit is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Eric Rohmann. Published in 2002 the book is a lighthearted tale about the friendship between a mouse and a rabbit. Rohmann won the 2003 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations. The book was adapted into an animated television series in 2007.
 The Journal of Micromechanics and Microengineering is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers all aspects of microelectromechanical systems devices and structures as well as micromechanics microengineering and microfabrication. The editor-in-chief is Mark G. Allen (Georgia Institute of Technology).
 Lady Boss is a 1990 novel written by Jackie Collins and is the third in The Santangelo Novels series.The novel was adapted as a TV movie miniseries in 1992 starring Kim Delaney in the title role of Lucky Santangelo. Co-stars include Jack Scalia Yvette Mimieux Joan Rivers Beth Toussaint Alan Rachins Vanity and John Randolph.
 Batman: The Brave and the Bold is an American comic book series published by DC Comics. It is based on the TV series of the same name.
 Teater Tun Siti Hasmah is a Malaysian play directed by Erma Fatima and starring Lisa Surihani Eja Nazim Othman and Esma Danial. It depicts the life of Tun Dr. Siti Hasmah Mohamad Ali wife of Malaysian prime minister Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad concentrating largely on her role as a doctor and medical officer in her youth before becoming Malaysia's first lady. The play was produced in November 2012 at the Istana Budaya Malaysia's Palace of Culture and main theatrical venue.
 The Man with the Golden Gun is the twelfth novel (and thirteenth book) of Ian Fleming's James Bond series. It was first published by Jonathan Cape in the UK on 1 April 1965 eight months after the author's death. The novel was not as detailed or polished as the others in the series leading to poor but polite reviews.
 Go Kiss the World: Life Lessons for the Young Professional is a book written by Subroto Bagchi co-founder of MindTree.In 2008 Go Kiss The World was released by Penguin India. It is partly a memoir and partly instructional in that he writes about how he developed his life principles and values. The title of the book is the last sentence his mother spoke to him while on her deathbed.
 The Journal of Inorganic Biochemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the inorganic aspects of biochemistry such as metalloenzymes and metallobiomolecules. The journal was established in 1971 as Bioinorganic Chemistry obtaining its current name in 1979. Since 1996 the editor-in-chief has been John H.
 Doomsday Plus Twelve (1984) is a post-apocalyptic novel by James D. Forman.
 Witch & Wizard: The Fire is the third novel of the Witch & Wizard series written by James Patterson and Jill Dembowski. It continues the journey of Wisteria (Wisty) and her brother Whitford (Whit). They go through a journey to defeat The One Who is the One and find their parents. The first edition published by Little Brown and Company was released in the U.S. on December 5 2011. The international edition was released in October 2011.[citation needed]
 Computer Networks is a scientific journal of computer and telecommunications networking published by Elsevier.
 Sword of the Samurai is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson illustrated by Alan Langford and originally published in 1986 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2006. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 20th in the series in the original Puffin series and 25th in the modern Wizard series.
 Winter Chill is a 1995 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the twelfth book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone and centers around the death of an American lawyer at a convention - and the murder of the security guard who found him.
 The Nose from Jupiter is a humorous novel written by Canadian author Richard Scrimger. It follows the adventures of a 13-year-old boy who has an alien residing in his nose. It is the first book in this series - the other books are A Nose for Adventure Noses are Red and The Boy from Earth.
 August: Osage County is a darkly comedic play by Tracy Letts. It was the recipient of the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play premiered at the Steppenwolf Theatre in Chicago on June 28 2007 and closed on August 26 2007. It had its Broadway debut at the Imperial Theater on December 4 2007 and the production transferred to the Music Box Theatre on April 29 2008.
 FOB is a 1980 Obie Award-winning play by American playwright David Henry Hwang. Hwang's first play it depicts the contrasts and conflicts between established Asian Americans and fresh off the boat (FOB) newcomer immigrants. The play premiered at the Stanford Asian American Theatre Project in 1979 under the direction of the author and was further developed at the National Playwrights Conference at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center.
 Don't Dress for Dinner is a two-act play by French playwright Marc Camoletti who wrote the farce Boeing-Boeing. The play ran in France and then in London running there for six years and opened on Broadway in 2012.
 Critical Reviews in Microbiology is an international peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes comprehensive review articles covering all areas of medical microbiology. Areas covered by the journal include bacteriology virology microbial genetics epidemiology and diagnostic microbiology. It is published by Informa.
 Khypar (Chuvash: Хыпар lit. News) is a Chuvash language newspaper.It was founded in 1906 in Kazan moving to Cheboksary in 1918.Previous names: «Канаш» «Чăваш коммунĕ» «Коммунизм ялавĕ». It received the current name in 30 August 1990.Newspaper's founder and first editor N. Nikolsky defined the main task - to serve the Chuvash people.
 Journey to a Woman is a lesbian pulp fiction novel written in 1960 by Ann Bannon (pseudonym of Ann Weldy). It is the fifth in a series of pulp fiction novels that eventually came to be known as The Beebo Brinker Chronicles. It was originally published in 1960 by Gold Medal Books again in 1983 by Naiad Press and again in 2003 by Cleis Press.
 Battlefield Earth: A Saga of the Year 3000 is a 1982 science fiction novel written by the Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. He also composed a soundtrack to the book called Space Jazz.The subsequent film adaptation released in 2000 was a commercial failure and was criticized as one of the worst films ever made.
 Sevastopol Sketches (Russian: Севастопольские рассказы Sevastopolskiye rasskazy) are three short stories written by Leo Tolstoy and published in 1855 to record his experiences during the Siege of Sevastopol (1854–1855). The name originates from Sevastopol a city in Crimea. The book has also been released under the anglicized title The Sebastopol Sketches and is sometimes titled Sevastopol Stories.
 Life Class is a novel by Pat Barker released in 2007. The novel is about students at the Slade School of Art in the first years of the twentieth century one of whom volunteers to serve in a front line hospital during the First World War.David Boyd Haycock's A Crisis of Brilliance: Five Young British Artists and the Great War (Old Street Publishing 2009) presents the remarkable true story that lies behind Barker's novel.
 The Last Coyote is the fourth novel by American crime author Michael Connelly featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus Harry Bosch. It was first published in 1995 and the novel won the 1996 Dilys Award given by the Independent Mystery Booksellers Association.
 The Mirror of Merlin is a 1999 fantasy novel by T. A. Barron published by Penguin. It is the fourth of The Lost Years of Merlin a five-book series providing a childhood story for the legendary Merlin wizard of Arthurian legend.In a remote swamp on the magical isle of Fincayra uncommon wickedness arises.
 Ratha’s Creature is a novel by Clare Bell. First published in 1983 by Atheneum-Argo Margaret K. McElderry (hard-cover edition) the current edition was published in February 2011 by Imaginator Press.This novel is the first in the Ratha series also re-titled as The Books of the Named.
 Tupac Remembered is a book about the late hip hop icon Tupac Shakur. It features influential figures' candid and that have the most cherished memories of Pac in their own words. It was compiled with the participation and support of the Shakur family contributors include Maya Angelou Snoop Dogg DJ Quik Nikki Giovanni Kevin Powell Common E-40 Sonia Sanchez and others.
 Pretty Little Things is a 2010 novel by Jilliane Hoffman. It was released in the USA on September 7th 2010 and deals with the topics of internet crime and missing and exploited children and is set in the Miami and Fort Lauderdale area.
 True Story is an American magazine published by True Renditions LLC. It was the first of the confessions magazines genre having launched in 1919. It carried the subtitle Truth Is Stranger Than Fiction.
 A Lost Opportunity is an 1889 fable by the Russian writer Leo Tolstoy. The story was included in The Kreutzer Sonata and Other Stories publication of 1889.
 Dark Dream is a paranormal/suspense novel written by American author Christine Feehan. Published in 2001 it is the Seventh book in her Dark Series which to date has 20 titles.
 Spellsinger (1983) is a fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book follows the adventures of Jonathan Thomas Meriweather who is transported from our world into a land of talking animals and magic. It is the first in the Spellsinger series.
 The Central Oregonian is a twice-weekly newspaper published in Prineville in the U.S. state of Oregon. Established in 1881 the paper covers Central Oregon where it is the newspaper of record for Crook County. The paper is published on Wednesdays and Saturdays and has a circulation of 2976. Elmo Smith owned the paper until his death in 1968 when his son Denny Smith took over ownership of the Central Oregonian and other newspapers that became Eagle Newspapers.
 South Florida Business Journal is a newspaper printed in Fort Lauderdale Florida for the Miami Florida area covering general business news major events in Miami Florida and around the world with sections on global news and local news business news and political news Florida cultural life and newspaper classified ads. South Florida Business Journal is one of the leading newspaper titles in Florida.
 AU (formerly Alternative Ulster) was a magazine written designed and published in Belfast Northern Ireland. Although predominantly a music magazine AU covered other aspects of popular culture such as movies comics games and the arts. The magazine was launched in June 2003. 81 issues were published in total with the final issue being published in March 2012.
 Vreme zabave (Serbian Cyrillic: Време забаве trans. Time of Entertainment) was a Serbian popular culture magazine.
 Octaedro (translates to octahedron in English) is a book by Julio Cortázar published in 1974 after the release of Libro de Manuel in 1973. The book pops up before the controversy of Libro de Manuel which synthetizes politics and social narration into a new prodigious genre.
 Say It With Poison (1991) is a whodunnit or mystery novel by Ann Granger. It is the first in a series of 15 (as of 2004) Mitchell and Markby Mysteries.Although they feel curiously attracted to each other the two protagonists who solve the case Mitchell and Markby are not a team. Rather they work against each other.
 Animal Production Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal for agriculture and animal science. It was established in 1961 as Australian Journal of Experimental Agriculture and Animal Husbandry. In 1985 this was shortened to Australian Journal of Experimental Agriculture. ISSN 0816-1089 The current name was adopted in 2009.
 I Will Survive: Comeback Stories of a Corporate Warrior is a memoir by Sunil Robert an author of Indian origin. The memoir follows the life of the author from his childhood in the poorer districts of Hyderabad India India to becoming a successful corporate communicator and his eventual relocation to the United States.
 Anarchism and Syndicalism in the Colonial and Postcolonial World 1870-1940: The Praxis of National Liberation Internationalism and Social Revolution is a book edited by Steven Hirsch and Lucien van der Walt with a foreword by Benedict Anderson. Contributors include Steven Hirsch Lucien van der Walt Benedict Anderson Luigi Biondi Arif Dirlik Anthony Gorman Dongyoun Hwang Geoffroy de Laforcade Emmet O'Connor Kirk Shaffer Aleksandr Shubin Edilene Toledo.
 Baby Driver is the title of a semi-autobiographical work by the late Jan Kerouac the only child of American Beat Generation author Jack Kerouac. It was first published in 1981 by St. Martins Press of New York.In alternating chapters it recounts her childhood in New York and her life and adventures through Mexico and South America and eventual return to the USA.
 In Spite of Thunder first published in 1960 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which features Carr's series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery (or more accurately a subset of that type known as an impossible crime).
 The New Age newspaper is a South African national daily newspaper owned and operated by TNA Media (Pty) Ltd.
 Millicent Min Girl Genius is Lisa Yee's first book about an eleven and a half year old girl genius named Millicent Min who attends high school in the fictional town of Rancho Rosetta California. This young girl has a lot of trouble in her social circle. She is an 11 year old genius but she has no friends. To make things worse she has to go for volleyball. She also has to tutor her arch enemy Stanford Wong who almost flunked sixth grade. Then she meets someone named Emily Ebers.
 Skanda Hora is the legendary first book on Hindu astrology. It is the first text and the foremost treatise of Nirayana astrology referred to as the Mahopanishad of the Atharva Veda dating back to 3000 B.C.
 Zipang (ジパング Jipangu) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kaiji Kawaguchi. It was first serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Morning magazine from 2000 until 2009 and published in 43 volumes. Its popularity has extended to middle schoolers who enjoy history. Four volumes have been translated into English by Ralph McCarthy for the Kodansha Bilingual Comics library (ISBN 4-7700-2908-X ISBN 4-7700-2909-8 ISBN 4-7700-2910-1 ISBN 4-7700-2911-X).
 SOLDIER Magazine the official monthly publication of the British Army is produced by an in-house team and published by the Ministry of Defence.
 The Western Star is a daily newspaper published weekdays and Saturdays in Corner Brook Newfoundland and Labrador Canada and also serving Stephenville and the Bay of Islands Bay St. George and Humber Valley areas.The paper was founded in 1900 in Curling as a weekly newspaper. It became a daily in 1954.
 Longfeng Baochai Yuan is a wuxia novel by Liang Yusheng. It was first serialised between 25 June 1964 and 15 May 1966 in the Hong Kong newspaper Ta Kung Pao. The novel is the second part of a trilogy and is preceded by Datang Youxia Zhuan and followed by Huijian Xinmo.
 The Fatal Eggs (Russian: Роковые яйца pronounced [rəkɐˈvɨjə ˈjajtsə]) is a science-fiction novella by Mikhail Bulgakov a Soviet novelist and playwright whose most famous work is The Master and Margarita. It was written in 1924 and first published in 1925. The book became quite popular but was much criticised by some Soviet critics as a satire of the Russian Revolution of 1917 and the leadership of Soviet Russia.
 Mister Roberts is a 1946 novel written by Thomas Heggen.
 The Jewel in the Skull is a fantasy novel by Michael Moorcock first published in 1967. The novel is the first in the four volume The History of the Runestaff.
 To Say Nothing of the Dog: or How We Found the Bishop's Bird Stump at Last is a 1997 comic science fiction novel by Connie Willis. It takes place in the same universe of time-traveling historians she explored in her story Fire Watch and novel Doomsday Book.To Say Nothing of the Dog won both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1999 and was nominated for the Nebula Award in 1998.
 The Tree of Knowledge (Spanish: El árbol de la ciencia) is a novel written by Pío Baroja. It was published in 1911 although the action takes place between 1887 and 1898. It is a semi-autobiographical work divided into two symmetrical parts (I-III and V-VII) separated by a long philosophical conversation between the protagonist and his uncle doctor Iturrioz (IV).
 Crewel Lye: A Caustic Yarn is the eighth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.This book is a story within a story as one of Castle Roogna's ghosts Jordan the Barbarian tells Princess Ivy his story of betrayal and death via the magical medium of the Tapestry.
 Crisis in the Built Environment: The Case of the Muslim City a book by King Faisal University professor Jamel Akbar describes the urban environment in the Traditional Muslim city according to form of control and submission rather than by visual elements.
 The Cerebellum is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal founded in 2002. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Society for the Research on the Cerebellum. It is devoted to research about the cerebellum and its roles in ataxia and other disorders.
 The Newbury Weekly News is an award-winning English local weekly newspaper covering Newbury and West Berkshire. The paper's website is known as Newbury Today. It is published by the Newbury Weekly News Group.
 Deep Empire is the nineteenth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 The Highlands Herald is a newspaper in the town of Waterval Boven Mpumalanga in South Africa. It was founded in 1997The paper has not appear in print neither has its blog/site been updated since March 2012.
 The Jewish Standard is a newspaper based in Teaneck New Jersey USA that primarily serves the Jewish community in Bergen County and Northeastern New Jersey. The Jewish Standard was founded in 1931 and is the oldest Jewish weekly in New Jersey.Unaffiliated with any program organization or movement it states it is dedicated to giving expression to all phases of Jewish life.
 The Miami Student is the official student-published newspaper at Miami University in Oxford Ohio published twice a week every Tuesday and Friday during the academic year. It claims to be the oldest university newspaper in the United States claiming it was established in 1826. However 1826 is the date of the establishment of Miami's first student-run periodical The Literary Focus. The Miami Student itself began publication on May 8 1867.
 The Silent Stars Go By is a 1991 science fiction book by author James White.
 The Ruins of Ambrai is a 1994 fantasy novel written by American author Melanie Rawn. First of three in the Exiles Trilogy it is set in the fictional world of Lenfell settled by human Catholic colonists. In the far past the population is decimated in the Waste Wars and the ruling class has emerged based on the ability to have healthy children. This leads to a very matriarchal society with women holding all the power and men treated as cattle.
 Two Into One is a 1984 farce written by English playwright Ray Cooney. It had a long run at the Shaftesbury Theatre starring Donald Sinden and Michael Williams. Ray Cooney's Theatre of Comedy Company bought the theatre during the run.
 Sur La Terre International is a quarterly lifestyle magazine present in various cities all around the world.
 Demon Theory is a novel written by Native American author Stephen Graham Jones. The novel which is written like a screenplay was published in 2006 to stellar reviews.
 The Eternal Husband (Russian: Вечный муж Vechny muzh) is a novel by Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky that was first published in 1870 in Zarya magazine. The novella's plot revolves around the complicated relationship between Velchaninov and Trusotsky the husband of his deceased former lover.
 Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson or An Objectively Impartial Criticism of the Life of Man is the first volume of the All and Everything trilogy written by the Greek-Armenian mystic G. I. Gurdjieff.
 Dreadnought! is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Diane Carey. It is written in the first-person from the perspective of Lieutenant Piper.
 The Journal of Physiotherapy is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering physiotherapy. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Australian Physiotherapy Association. The journal was established in 1954 as Australian Journal of Physiotherapy and obtained its current title in 2010. The editor-in-chief is Mark Elkins (Royal Prince Alfred Hospital). Starting in 2014 papers will be made available online when accepted and editorials and research content will become open access.
 Conjuring is an illustrated book by James Randi. Randi gives a detailed history of conjuring more commonly known as magic said to be the world's second oldest profession. It includes detailed portraits of conjurers including the Harry Blackstone Sr. Harry Blackstone Jr. Harry Houdini and his entourage Howard Thurston Robert Heller Joe Berg and others.Randi explains the history of famous magic tricks like the Rabbit from a hat Bullet catch and the Indian rope trick.
 How Loathsome is a series of goth LGBT comics by Ted Naifeh and Tristan Crane.
 Descartes' Error: Emotion Reason and the Human Brain is a 1994 book by neurologist António Damásio in part a treatment of the mind/body dualism question. Damásio presents the somatic marker hypothesis a proposed mechanism by which emotions guide (or bias) behavior and decision-making and positing that rationality requires emotional input. He argues that René Descartes' error was the dualist separation of mind and body rationality and emotion.
 The Cahiers québécois de démographie (English: Quebec Notebooks of Demography) is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing original research in areas of demography demographic analysis and the demographics of Quebec and other populations.The journal was established in 1971 and is published biannually by the Association des démographes du Québec (Quebec Association of Demographers) with support from the Demography Department at the Université de Montréal.
 Revolution is a quarterly publication about luxury mechanical watches. First published in 2005 it is now one of the leading magazines in its sector with a readership that consists of both watch connoisseurs and industry insiders from designers to CEOs. It is currently available in 13 international editions (12 print one digital) in seven different languages.The magazine blends watch reviews and articles with cutting-edge styling and photography.
 Yoki Koto Kiku (ヨキ、コト、キク。) is a Japanese shōnen manga series by Koge-Donbo. The manga was serialized in the Comic Di Gi Charat magazine and its successor Comi Digi + magazine and published in Japan under the CR Comics (Comic Rush Comics) imprint of Jive.The English language translation of the manga is published by Broccoli Books.
 Apache Skies is a four-issue comic book limited series published in 2002 by Marvel Comics as a part of that company's MAX imprint. The series was written by John Ostrander and drawn by Leonardo Manco.The series was a sequel to 2000s Blaze of Glory.
 Le Jeudi is a French-language weekly newspaper published in Luxembourg. It is published by Editpress.The newspaper received €358005 in annual state press subsidy in 2009.
 Grooves is an American electronic music magazine founded in 1999 by editor Sean Portnoy initially concentrating on the then-burgeoning IDM music genre and expanding to its more experimental abstract offshoots such as microsound microhouse and glitch eventually encompassing a global view of musicians and cross-cultural influences that is reflected in coverage of jungle two-step avant rap broken beat and other offbeat new music.Early issues contained a vast range of full-length album and 12 single/EP reviews; later issues added new media release types including reviews of books and DVD-based documentary and music video film releases. 
 The Triple Echo is a 1970 novella written by English author H. E. Bates. Set during the early years of World War Two the story describes the strange relationship that develops between a young army deserter and a married woman struggling to run a farm alone in the absence of her P.O.W. husband. Bates later said he began working on the story in 1943 but encountered a stumbling block over a character later removed and was unable to make any progress with the project until 1968.
 Van Richten's Guide to the Created is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Standard Messenger is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide part of the Messenger Newspapers group. The Standard's area covers the inner-north of Adelaide's metropolitan area from Collinswood in the south to Gepps Cross in the north.The newspaper generally reports on events of interest in its distribution area including the suburbs of Kilburn Prospect Hillcrest and Klemzig.
 Madhyamam (Malayalam: മാധ്യമം meaning Medium) is an Indian newspaper published in Malayalam language from Kerala India since 1987. It was founded in 1987 by Ideal Publication Trust. It has 8 editions in India (7 in Kerala and one in Bangalore ) and its Gulf edition Gulf Madhyamam has 9 in the Middle East. According to Indian Readership Survey 2009 and IRS 2010 Q4 it is the fourth largest read newspaper in Kerala with a readership of 904000 readers.
 Encouragement of Climb (ヤマノススメ Yama no Susume lit. Recommendation of Mountaineering) is a manga series serialized in Earth Star Entertainment's Comic Earth Star from 2011. It has been adapted into an anime television series which aired in Japan between January and March 2013 and was simulcasted by Crunchyroll. A second season is scheduled to air from July 2014.
 Stoker the Broker is a cartoon gag panel by Henry Boltinoff which was distributed to newspapers from 1960 to 1985 by Columbia Features and the Washington Star Syndicate.
 Introduction to Christianity (German: Einführung in das Christentum) is a 1968 book written by Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger (Pope Benedict XVI). Considered one of his most important and widely read books Introduction to Christianity presents a narrative Christology that demonstrates the place for faith is in the Church. The book offers a remarkable elucidation of the Apostle's Creed and gives an excellent modern interpretation of the foundations of Christianity.
 Imperium is a 2006 novel by English author Robert Harris. It is a fictional biography of Cicero told through the first-person narrator of his secretary Tiro beginning with the prosecution of Verres.The book is the first in a trilogy. A sequel Lustrum was published in October 2009. The sequel was delayed whilst Harris worked on a contemporary political novel The Ghost inspired by the resignation of Tony Blair.
 Evermore is a fantasy novel by Alyson Noël released in 2009. It is the first novel in the Immortals series. Evermore was an immediate bestseller and as of October 11 2009 had spent 34 weeks on the New York Times Bestsellers list for children's books.
 Miss Viola Swamp is styled as the meanest substitute teacher in the whole world in three children's picture books by Harry Allard and James Marshall entitled Miss Nelson is Missing! Miss Nelson is Back and Miss Nelson Has a Field Day.
 The Thirteen Hallows is the first novel in a fantasy fiction series that focuses on the thirteen treasures of the Island of Britain. The book was written by author Michael Scott and Colette Freedman. It was published in December 2011 in both the United Kingdom and the United States. The book shares a similar plot line as one of Scott's earlier novels The Hallows.
 Our Struggle was a pamphlet written late October 1945 by Indonesian independence leader Soetan Sjahrir. It was pivotal in redirecting the Indonesian national revolution. In his pamphlet Sjahrir addressed all crucial spearheads of the still ongoing revolutionary struggle for Indonesia’s independence.
 The Cat Who Went to Paris is a short novel by Peter Gethers that documents his life with his cat Norton a Scottish Fold (published in the UK as A Cat Called Norton). It spurred two sequel books A Cat Abroad (ISBN 9780449909522) and The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton the Perfect Cat and His Imperfect Human (ISBN 9780767909037).
 The New York Quarterly (NYQ) is a popular contemporary American poetry magazine. Established by William M. Packard (1933-2002) in 1969 Rolling Stone Magazine has called the NYQ the most important poetry magazine in America.
 The Resurrectionists is a 2000 horror novel by Kim Wilkins. the story of Maisie Fielding who bored with her job and family returns to England to research her roots and her grandmother who is a 'white witch'.
 The Girl Who Was Plugged In is a science fiction novella by James Tiptree Jr. a pen name used by writer Alice Sheldon. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1974.
 The Dark Room is a novel written by R.K.Narayan the well-known English-language novelist from India. Like most of his other works this is a tale set in the fictitious town of Malgudi.This work of literature was first published in Great Britain in 1938 by Macmillan & Co. Ltd. London. The first Indian edition came out in 1956.
 The Masters of Solitude is a 1978 science fiction novel written by Marvin Kaye and Parke Godwin. It initially appeared as a four-part serial in October 1977-May 1978 issues of the magazine Galileo and was first published in book form in hardcover by Doubleday) in July 1978. A Science Fiction Book Club edition followed from the same publisher in November of the same year. The first paperback edition was from Avon Books in July 1979. The first British edition was from Magnum also in 1979.
 The American Archivist is a peer-reviewed academic journal and the official publication of the Society of American Archivists. It covers theoretical and practical developments in archival science particularly in North America. The journal contains essays case studies perspectives and reviews of recent books and web resources. Contents are freely available to the public except for the six most recent issues which are viewable only to subscribers and society members.
 Women Writing About Money: Women's Fiction in England is a 1995 non-fiction book by Edward Copeland.
 Shadows Over Innsmouth is an anthology of stories edited by Stephen Jones. It was published by Fedogan & Bremer in 1994 in an edition of 2100 copies of which 100 were signed by the contributors. The anthology contains the H. P. Lovecraft novella The Shadow Over Innsmouth and several stories by British authors written as sequels to the Lovecraft story. Seven of the stories are original to this collection.
 Gnomes (first published in Dutch in 1976 as Leven en werken van de kabouter) is a 1977 book one in a series of books written by Wil Huygen and illustrated by Rien Poortvliet.The 1980 film Gnomes and the series David the Gnome and Wisdom of the Gnomes are based on this book.The book was followed by: The Secret Book of Gnomes by Huygen and Poortvliet The Complete Gnomes (compilation of the first two books) by Huygen and Poortvliet Gnome Life by Huygen A Gnome's Christmas by Poortvliet↑
 In 1983 Al Alvarez published The Biggest Game in Town a book detailing the 1981 World Series of Poker event. The first book of its kind it described the world of professional poker players and the World Series of Poker. It is credited with beginning the genre of poker literature and with bringing Texas Hold'em (and poker generally) for the first time to a wider audience.
 In the Miso Soup (イン ザ・ミソスープ In za Misosūpu) is a novel by Ryu Murakami. It was published in 1997 in Japanese and in English in 2003. The novel won the Yomiuri Prize for Fiction in 1997.
 Anata to Scandal (あなたとスキャンダル Anata to Sukyandaru lit. You and Scandal) is a shōjo manga by Ayumi Shiina and published by Shueisha. It was serialized in Ribon from 1993 to 1995 and was published as five tankōbon.
 Only Time Will Tell is a first part of the five in Clifton Chronicles by Jeffrey Archer. The book was published worldwide in 2011. It was launched by Jeffrey Archer himself at Bangalore India in March 2011 as the beginning of a global book tour.
 British Film was a publication covering British film industry which was read by hundreds of people weekly. The magazine began as a print publication in 2005 before the launch of the online version in 2007. Both the print and online editions closed following the departure of founder Terence Doyle.
 Pageant Wagon is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It first appeared his in his short story collection The Folk of the Fringe (April 1989) and was followed by a release in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine (August 1989)
 The Incredible Origins of the Onyx Sun (2009) by Christopher Mahoney is an award-winning fiction book about the extraterrestrial adventures of an 11-year-old boy named Zack Goodspeed. The book won an Honorable Mention in the 17th Annual Writers Digest Self-Published Book Awards and was a semifinalist in Amazon's 2010 Breakthrough Novel Awards. The book was released in a limited-run Advance Review Copy on May 2 2008.
 Econ Journal Watch is a triannual peer-reviewed electronic journal established in 2004. It is published by the Atlas Economic Research Foundation (an organization of free market think tanks). According its website the journal publishes comments on articles appearing in other economics journals essays reflections investigations and classic critiques. The editor-in-chief is Daniel B. Klein.
 The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz is the fourth novel by Canadian author Mordecai Richler. It was first published in 1959 by André Deutsch then adapted to the screen in 1974.
 The Oath: The Obama White House and the Supreme Court is a book by Jeffrey Toobin describing the Roberts Court and President Obama's interactions with it.
 Strawberry Shortcakes (aka. Sweet Cream & Red Strawberries) is a one-volume manga written and illustrated by Kiriko Nananan published by Shodensha in 2002. It is about the lives of four young women in a large city. It was licensed in French by Casterman manga imprint Sakka and in Italy by Kappa Edizioni. Strawberry Shortcakes was adapted into a film of the same title. It was once licensed for English release by Central Park Media as Sweet Cream & Red Strawberries.
 The Unreals is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Donald Jeffries published in 2007 by StoneGarden. Conspiracy theories feature prominently in the plot with the JFK assassination playing an especially significant role.Compared to The Wizard of Oz the television show The Twilight Zone and epic Russian literature The Unreals has also been referred to as a conspiracy manifesto. Jeffries was heavily influenced by such books as Nineteen Eighty-Four Dracula and A Wrinkle In Time.
 The Wonderful Lips of Thibong Linh is a collection of adventure and fantasy short stories by Theodore Roscoe. It was first published in 1981 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1200 copies. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Argosy and Adventure.
 Patriotic Gore: Studies in the Literature of the American Civil War is a 1962 book of historical and literary criticism written by Edmund Wilson.
 Imre: A Memorandum is a novel about the homosexual relationship between two men. It was written in Europe by the expatriate American-born author Edward Irenaeus Prime-Stevenson who originally published it under the pseudonym of Xavier Mayne in a limited-edition imprint of 500 copies Naples Italy in 1906.
 Defense News is a global newsweekly on politics business and technology of defense. Defense News serves an audience of senior military government and industry decision-makers throughout the world. Defense News is published by the Defense News Media Group a unit of Gannett Government Media which is a part of Gannett Company.Defense News and Washington D.C.
 The Syracuse Telegram and Courier was a daily newspaper serving Syracuse New York. The paper was founded in 1856 and published under a series of different names until it stopped publishing in 1905 due to high levels of debt.
 The Peterborough Examiner is a newspaper that services Peterborough Ontario and area. The paper started circulation in 1847 and is currently owned by Sun Media. Between 1942 and 1955 it was edited by Canadian man of letters Robertson Davies whose unique three-paragraph editorial style won several awards. Davies remained owner and publisher of the Examiner and Ralph Hancox the editor until 1965 when it was sold to the Thompson chain of newspapers.
 Midnight Predator is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes published in 2002 when the author was 18. The novel was an ALA Quick Pick and “a must-read” according to School Library Journal who also wrote that “the plot and characters are so skillfully intertwined that each one moves the story to its thoughtful ending.” Fannie Heaslip Lea’s poem The Dead Faith appears in the beginning of the book.
 San Manuel Bueno mártir (1930) is a nivola by Miguel de Unamuno (1864–1936). It experiments with changes of narrator as well as minimalism of action and of description and as such has been described as a nivola a literary genre invented by Unamuno to describe his work. Its plot centers on the life of a parish priest in a small Spanish village.
 The Souls of Black Folk is a classic work of American literature by W. E. B. Du Bois. It is a seminal work in the history of sociology and a cornerstone of African-American literary history.The book published in 1903 contains several essays on race some of which had been previously published in the Atlantic Monthly magazine. To develop this groundbreaking work Du Bois drew from his own experiences as an African-American in the American society.
 The Heart of the Serpent (Originally in Latin: Cor Serpentis Russian: Сердце Змеи) is a 1958 science fiction short story by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov.The crew of a spaceship encounters an alien ship in deep space. Speculation ensues about whether the other crew might be hostile.
 African Business is an African business magazine published by London-based IC Publications.The monthly magazine covers business events across Africa. Special reports discuss specific sectors and industries. As of 2012 the magazine had about 140000 subscribers. The magazine is published in English and French editions.The magazine organizes the annual African Business Awards event in collaboration with the Commonwealth Business Council. The 2011 event was held in London England.
 All Quiet on the Western Front (German: Im Westen nichts Neues) is a novel by Erich Maria Remarque a German veteran of World War I. The book describes the German soldiers' extreme physical and mental stress during the war and the detachment from civilian life felt by many of these soldiers upon returning home from the front.The novel was first published in November and December 1928 in the German newspaper Vossische Zeitung and in book form in late January 1929.
 Word of Mouth is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers five times a year in the field of education. The editor-in-chief is Carol Westby (University of New Mexico). The journal was established in 1989 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with The Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 Prayer for the Living is a 1934 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 The Woman in the Room is a short story by Stephen King first published in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.
 Founded in 2005 Acne Paper is a bi-annual culture magazine and the publishing arm of the Stockholm-based creative collective and fashion label Acne (Ambition to Create Novel Expression).Aiming to merge the historical with the contemporary each issue of Acne Paper evolves around a key theme with the purpose of representing all creative practices in the context of history philosophy science journalism and other academia.
 The Clod and the Pebble is a poem written by the English poet William Blake. It was published as part of his collection Songs of Experience in 1794.
 The Catcher Was A Spy: The Mysterious Life of Moe Berg is a 1994 biography written by Nicholas Dawidoff about a major league baseball player who also worked for the Office of Strategic Services the forerunner of the Central Intelligence Agency.
 Gazeta Shqiptare (English: Albanian Newspaper) is an Albanian language newspaper published in Albania. Started in 1993 Gazeta Shqiptare is a politically unaffiliated daily newspaper.
 Cleric's Challenge is an adventure for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 A Casa is a theatrical comedy in two acts written by Miguel M. Abrahão in 1978 and published first in 1983 in Brazil.
 The Fruit at the Bottom of the Bowl is a short story by Ray Bradbury. It was first published in Detective Book Magazine in November 1948 (cover date: Winter) as Touch and Go. (Cover image: ). The story was re-titled and published as The Fruit at the Bottom of the Bowl in EQMM in January 1953. (Cover image: )
 UnixWorld was a magazine about Unix systems published from May 1984 until December 1995.
 Biological Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering biological psychology published by Elsevier.The editor-in-chief is Ottmar V. Lipp (University of Queensland). Biological Psychology publishes research on the biological aspects of psychological states and processes including electrophysiology biochemical assessments during psychological experiments and biologically induced changes in psychological function.
 Simon du Fleuve is a post-apocalyptic French graphic novel series written by Claude Auclair with five volumes published between 1976–1978 and a second cycle of four albums from 1988-1989. Simon du Fleuve started in the pages of Tintin magazine. [1] The heirs of Jean Giono have stated that elements of the story are stolen from Giono's Le chant du monde.
 Eyes of the Storm is the third book in the Bone series. It collects issues 13-20 of Jeff Smith's Bone comic book series along with 5 previously unpublished story pages and 9 new illustrations. It marks the conclusion of the first part of the saga titled Vernal Equinox. The book was first published by Cartoon Books in its original black-and-white form in 1996. Paperback and hardback coloured editions were published in 2006 by Scholastic.
 Akuma-kun (悪魔くん) is a manga series written and illustrated by Shigeru Mizuki. Several versions of the manga exist one of which was adapted into a live-action TV show and another into an anime TV series.There was also two movies that spawned from the TV series Akuma-kun: The Movie released in 1989 and Akuma-kun: Yōkoso Akuma Land e!! released in 1990.All media pertaining to the series was never released outside of Japan.
 The Rat (German: Die Rättin literally The Ratess) is a 1986 novel by the West German writer Günter Grass.
 Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day (あの日見た花の名前を僕達はまだ知らない。 Ano Hi Mita Hana no Namae o Bokutachi wa Mada Shiranai. lit. We Still Don't Know the Name of the Flower We Saw That Day.) is an 11-episode 2011 Japanese anime television series produced by A-1 Pictures and directed by Tatsuyuki Nagai. The anime aired in Fuji TV's noitamina block between April and June 2011. The anime is licensed in North America by NIS America. An anime film was released in Japanese theaters on August 31 2013.
 Energy Economics is a scientific journal published by Elsevier under its North Holland imprint. The journal publishes research papers concerned with the economic and econometric modelling and analysis of energy systems and issues. The Journal of Energy Finance and Development was incorporated into Energy Economics in 1999.
 Journal of Germanic Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of linguistics. It is devoted particularly to Germanic languages including both their historical and contemporary forms. It was established in 1989 as the American Journal of Germanic Linguistics and Literatures and was published biannually up to 2001 when it acquired the current title in order to reflect its international scope and at the same time the narrowing of its focus to exclusively linguistics.
 Beauty Confidential: The No Preaching No Lies Advice-You'll-Actually-Use Guide to Looking Your Best is a 2007 beauty guide by American author Nadine Haobsh. The author a former beauty editor provides tips and product suggestions in chapters broken down to cover beauty topics from head to toe. Beauty Confidential is mentioned in an infomercial for Bare Escentuals Bare Minerals foundation.
 Regeneration: Being an Account of the Social Work of the Salvation Army in Great Britain is a 1910 non fiction book by H Rider Haggard.
 The First King Adventure (賢者の長き不在 Kenja no Nagaki Fuzai) is and adventure manga written by Moyamu Fujino. It is translated into English by ADV Manga and was first published in 2002 by the Mag Garden corporation. The story follows the trials of Prince Varumu in his journey to create pacts with various spirit masters.
 Hell-Fire is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov originally published in the May 1956 issue of Fantastic Universe and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth Is Room Enough. It is one of a number of stories such as Darwinian Pool Room and Silly Asses in which Asimov worries about the nuclear arms race of the 1950s.
 The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club (also known as The Pickwick Papers) is Charles Dickens's first novel. He was asked to contribute to the project as an up-and-coming writer following the success of Sketches by Boz published in 1836 (most of Dickens' novels were issued in shilling installments before being published as complete volumes).
 The Last Days of Judas Iscariot is a 2005 play by American playwright Stephen Adly Guirgis first staged off-Broadway at The Public Theater on 2 March 2005 directed by Philip Seymour Hoffman.
 Hansuli Banker Upakatha (Bengali: হাঁসুলীবাঁকের উপকথা) is a novel by Tarashankar Bandopadhyay made into a film in 1962 by Tapan Sinha. Set in 1941 the novel explores life in rural Bengal the realities of the Zamindari system that was responsible for much of the social inequalities in Bengal as well as the changes in social perceptions with time.
 Hana to Ryū (華と龍) is a yaoi manga series created by Kazuma Kodaka in 1993. Designed as a doujinshi Hana to Ryū follows Ryūji Kazama the son of a dead yakuza boss as he struggles to maintain a peaceful existence while dealing with harmful forces all around him. Hana to Ryū takes place in the universe of another Kodaka series Kizuna taking place 10–15 years before Kizuna.
 The Harlan Ellison Hornbook (ISBN 978-0892962396) is a 1990 compilation of columns written by Harlan Ellison for several counterculture newspapers in Los Angeles mostly for the Los Angeles Free Press and the L.A.
 The Atheist's Guide to Christmas is a 2009 book written by 42 atheist celebrities comedians scientists and writers who give their funny and serious tips for enjoying the Christmas season.
 Clockwork Princess is the third and final novel in The Infernal Devices series by Cassandra Clare. Chronologically it is the third story in the Shadowhunter Chronicles.The cover features Tessa holding the Shadowhunters' Codex and wearing the clockwork angel pendant.
 The Princess of All Lands is a collection of stories by Russell Kirk. It was released in 1979 and was the author's first book published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 4120 copies. The story There's a Long Long Trail A-Winding had won a World Fantasy Award in 1977.
 The Maracot Deep is a short 1929 novel by Arthur Conan Doyle about the discovery of a sunken city of Atlantis by a team of explorers led by Professor Maracot. He is accompanied by Cyrus Headley a young research zoologist and Bill Scanlan an expert mechanic working with an iron works in Philadelphia who is in charge of the construction of the submersible which the team takes to the bottom of the Atlantic.The novel first appeared in 1928 as a serial in The Saturday Evening Post.
 Stories We Could Tell“ by Tony Parsons published in 2005 is set on a single night in August 1977 the night Elvis Presley died. It focuses on the adventures of three men Terry Ray and Leon all writers for the fictional musical magazine “The Paper” in pre-Thatcherite punk-ridden London. Parsons covers topics that deal with the role of music for young people youth gangs and music culture in this time.
 The Lost Stradivarius (1895) by J. Meade Falkner is a short novel of ghosts and the evil that can be invested in an object in this case an extremely fine Stradivarius violin. After finding the violin of the title in a hidden compartment in his college rooms the protagonist a wealthy young heir becomes increasingly secretive as well as obsessed by a particular piece of music which seems to have the power to call up the ghost of its previous owner.
 The Cassville Democrat is a weekly newspaper located in Cassville Missouri the county seat of Barry County Missouri. It has a weekly circulation of around 5000 and has been published continuously since its founding in 1871.The newspaper's motto is Continuing to Cover Barry County Like the Morning Dew and its current general manager is Mike Schlichtman and his wife Lisa Schlichtman serves as its executive editor.
 A Man of the People is a 1966 satirical novel by Chinua Achebe. It is Achebe's fourth novel. The novel tells the story of the young and educated Odili the narrator and his conflict with Chief Nanga his former teacher who enters a career in politics in an unnamed modern African country. Odili represents the changing younger generation; Nanga represents the traditional customs of Nigeria.
 Inside the Jihad: My Life with al Qaeda a Spy's story is a book published by Basic Books written by a Moroccan who has adopted the pen-name Omar Nasiri.In the novel Nasiri describes moving to Europe after being involved in petty crime in his homeland of Morocco. By 1996 however he had been recruited by radical Islamic fundamentalists and subsequently became an informant for European counter-terrorism agencies such as the DGSE.
 When I Was Young in the Mountains is a 1982 children's book. It was the first book written by Cynthia Rylant who has written over 60 children's books such as Missing May which won the Newbery Medal. The book which Rylant later said took her but an hour to complete earned an American Book Award in 1982 and Diane Goode's illustrations won it a Caldecott Honor.The book tells the story of the main character's youth in West Virginia in the Appalachian Mountains.
 Arrajol is a monthly Arabic men's lifestyle magazine published in Saudi Arabia. The magazine is one of the publications of the Saudi Research and Marketing Group (SRMG).
 El Tribuno is an Argentine newspaper and media group from Salta Province. Widely criticized for its pro-Peronist tilt it is the only newspaper in Salta Province and also publishes a Jujuy Province edition. Founded by Jaime and Ricardo Durán its initial installations had belonged to La Provincia the leading daily in Salta for much of the early 20th century.
 The Street Lawyer is a legal thriller novel by John Grisham. It was Grisham's ninth novel. The book was released in the United States on 1 January 1998 published by Bantam Books and on 30 March 1998 in the UK published by Century.
 The Dutch Shoe Mystery is a novel which was written in 1931 by Ellery Queen. It is the third of the Ellery Queen mysteries.
 The Advocate is a seven-day-a-week newspaper in south Louisiana serving Baton Rouge New Orleans and Lafayette. It also publishes weekly entertainment magazines Red in Baton Rouge and Lafayette and Beaucoup in New Orleans.
 Boy Gets Girl is a 2000 play by Rebecca Gilman. The play received its first production at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago. Boy Gets Girl uses the story of what happens when a blind date turns into a living nightmare to examine stalking sexism and the nature of the idea of romantic pursuit. Theresa Bedell is a smart successful woman in her 30s who writes for an upscale literary New York magazine. She is utterly devoted to her work and struggles with relationships.
 Compute! (ISSN 0194-357X) was an American computer magazine that was published from 1979 to 1994 though it can trace its origin to 1978 in Len Lindsay's PET Gazette one of the first magazines for the Commodore PET computer. In its 1980s heyday Compute! covered all major platforms and several single-platform spinoffs of the magazine were launched.
 Chorus Skating (1994) is a fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book follows the continuing adventures of Jonathan Thomas Meriweather who is transported from our world into a land of talking animals and magic. It is the eighth book in the Spellsinger series.
 The Celestine Prophecy is a 1993 novel by James Redfield that discusses various psychological and spiritual ideas which are rooted in many ancient Eastern Traditions and New Age spirituality. The main character of the novel undertakes a journey to find and understand a series of nine spiritual insights on an ancient manuscript in Peru. The book is a first-person narrative of the narrator's spiritual awakening as he goes through a transitional period of his life.
 The Annals of Probability is a peer-reviewed statistics journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. It was started in 1973 as a continuation in part of the Annals of Mathematical Statistics which was split into the Annals of Statistics and the Annals of Probability. Articles older than 3 years are available on JSTOR and all articles since 2004 are freely available on arXiv.
 The Best of Joe R. Lansdale is a collection of short stories published exclusively by Tachyon Publications as a trade paperback in 2010. This collection contains many classic short fiction published by Mr. Lansdale over the last 20 years and contains many of his most popular and famous works.
 Gekkan bunkazai (月刊文化財) (lit. Cultural Properties Monthly) is a monthly magazine of research on the Cultural Properties of Japan. It is published in Japanese by the Agency for Cultural Affairs.
 Certain Personal Matters is an 1897 collection of essays selected by H. G. Wells from among the many short essays and ephemeral pieces he had written since 1893. The book consists of thirty-nine pieces ranging from about eight hundred to two thousand words in length. A one-shilling reprint (two shillings in cloth) was issued in 1901 by T.
 Penguin Musume (ペンギン娘 Pengin Musume lit. Penguin Girl) is a Japanese manga series written by manga author Tetsuya Takahashi. The manga was serialized in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion between 2006 and 2007. After the manga ended serialization in Weekly Shōnen Champion the serialization was restarted from the February 2008 issue of Champion Red magazine with the Penguin Musume Max title.
 The Gripping Hand is a 1993 novel by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle. It is a sequel to their multi-award-nominated 1974 work The Mote in God's Eye. The Gripping Hand is chronologically the last novel to be set in the CoDominium universe (though in 2010 Pournelle's daughter released an authorized sequel).
 Capitalist Nigger: The Road to Success a Spider-Web Doctrine is the title of a controversial book by current African Sun Times publisher/editor-in-chief Dr. Chika Onyeani. He has also written a novel entitled The Broederbond Conspiracy fondly called the Black James Bond.
 Riddle Story of Devil (悪魔のリドル Akuma no Ridoru lit. Devil's Riddle) is a Japanese manga series written by Yun Kōga and illustrated by Sunao Minakata. It started serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's Newtype magazine with the September 2012 issue. An anime adaptation directed by Keizō Kusakawa and animated by Diomedéa premiered on April 3 2014. The series is licensed for streaming by Funimation in North America and Madman Entertainment in Australia.
 Never Cry Wolf is a fictionalized account of the author’s actual experience observing wolves in sub-Arctic Canada [1] by Farley Mowat first published in 1963 by McClelland and Stewart. It was adapted into a film of the same name in 1983. It has been credited for dramatically changing the public image of the wolf to a more positive one.
 The End of Nature is a book written by Bill McKibben published by Anchor in 1989. It has been called the first book on global warming written for a general audience. McKibben had thought that simply stating the problem would provoke people to action.
 Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal (1931) was a best-selling but largely fictional biography of Wyatt Earp written by Stuart N. Lake and published by Houghton Mifflin Company. It was the first biography of Earp supposedly written with his input. It established the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral in the public consciousness and concocted a story about Wyatt Earp as a fearless lawman in the American Old West.
 The Abyss (1989) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card based on an original screenplay by James Cameron.
 Bota e Sportit is a newspaper published in Albania.
 American Heritage was a quarterly magazine dedicated to covering the history of the United States for a mainstream readership. Until 2007 the magazine was published by Forbes. Since that time Edwin S. Grosvenor has been its publisher. Publication was suspended early in 2013.
 The Dead Hand: The Untold Story of the Cold War Arms Race and its Dangerous Legacy is the winner of the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction written by Washington Post contributing editor David E. Hoffman.The book is based on a large number of published and unpublished sources including interviews with political leaders scientists military officials and diplomats. The Russian automatic nuclear-control system known as Dead Hand is described in detail.
 The Journal of Early Christian Studies is an academic journal founded in 1993 and is the official publication of the North American Patristics Society. It is devoted to the study of patristics that is Christianity in the ancient period of roughly C.E. 100-700. The current editor is David Brakke of Indiana University.
 Roll Call is a newspaper published in Washington D.C. United States from Monday to Friday when the United States Congress is in session and on Mondays only during recess. Roll Call reports news of legislative and political maneuverings on Capitol Hill as well as political coverage of congressional elections across the country. In addition to breaking news the paper features analysts such as Morton M. Kondracke Stuart Rothenberg and David Hawkings.
 Time Considered as a Helix of Semi-Precious Stones is a science fiction short story by Samuel R. Delany. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story 1970 and the Nebula Award for Best Novelette in 1969.
 De Standaard (The Standard) is a Flemish daily newspaper published in Belgium by Corelio (formerly VUM). Paid circulation was about 98.000 in 2009. It was traditionally a Christian-Democratic paper associated with the Christian-Democratic and Flemish Party and in opposition to the Socialist Flemish daily De Morgen. However today it is politically centre-right.
 Australian Journal of Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of education. The journal's editor is Glenn Rowley. It has been in publication since 1957 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Australian Council for Educational Research.
 Multidimensional Measurement of Religiousness/Spirituality for Use in Health Research is a report originally published in 1999 by a Fetzer Institute / National Institute on Aging working group on the measurement of religion and spirituality. A revised version with a new preface was published in 2003.
 The British Journal of Mathematical and Statistical Psychology is a British scientific journal founded in 1965. It covers the fields of psychology statistics and mathematical psychology. It continues the British Journal of Statistical Psychology.
 The Journal of Communication Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering public relations and published by Emerald Group Publishing. It was established in 1996 and the editor-in-chief is Anne Gregory ( Leeds Metropolitan University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO] and Scopus. The journal is a partner of the European Public Relations Education and Research Association and is the preferred publishing partner of the Chartered Institute of Public Relations.
 Bag of Bones is a 1998 novel by Stephen King. It focuses on an author who suffers severe writer's block and delusions at an isolated lake house four years after the death of his wife. It won the Bram Stoker Award for Best Novel in 1998 and the British Fantasy Award in 1999.
 Poet Lore is an English-language literary magazine based in Bethesda Maryland. Established in 1889 Poet Lore is the oldest continuously published poetry magazine in the United States. Writer's Center currently publishes Poet Lore in semi-annual installments exhibiting poetry both by established writers and by those breaking into print. Poet Lore also prints reviews of new poetry books and books about poetry and poets.
 Le Soleil is a French-language daily newspaper in Quebec City Quebec. It was founded on December 28 1896 and is published in compact format since April 2006 (it had traditionally been printed in broadsheet). It is distributed mainly in Quebec City however it is also for sale at newsstands in Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick and some places in Florida where many Quebecers spend the winter. Its main competitor is the tabloid Le Journal de Québec which enjoys higher circulation.
 The Marburg Journal of Religion is a peer-reviewed online academic journal that publishes articles on empirical and theoretical studies of religion. It is believed to be the oldest internet journal devoted to the study of religions the first issue having appeared in April 1996. The original concept was developed by Michael Pye together with his assistant Richard Böhme who was the first Web Editor.
 No Place for Grubbs! is a children's novel in the Aussie Bites collection written by Australian author Max Dann. The book was released in Australia on 4 March 1998.
 Soomustüdruk is a novel by Estonian author Leida Kibuvits. It was first published in 1932.
 Born to Rock is a 2006 novel by Gordon Korman.
 The Golem is a novel written by Gustav Meyrink in 1914.First published in serial form as Der Golem in 1913-14 in the periodical Die weissen Blätter The Golem was published in book form in 1915 by Kurt Wolff Leipzig. The Golem was Meyrink's first novel. It became his most popular and successful literary work and is generally described as the most accessible of his full-length novels.
 The Fat Years is a 2009 Chinese science fiction novel written by Chan Koonchung. First published in traditional Chinese versions in 2009 in both Hong Kong by Oxford University Press and also in Taiwan by the Rye Field Publishing Company under the title 'Prosperous Age: China in the year 2013' (盛世—中國2013年) to date it has never been published in mainland China.
 All in a Day is a 1986 children's picture book by Mitsumasa Anno. It features illustrations by Anno and several other illustrators: Eric Carle Raymond Briggs Nicolai Ye. Popov Akiko Hayashi Gian Calvi Leo and Diane Dillon Zhu Chengliang and Ron Brooks.School Library Journal said it was a a great success at conveying the warmth richness and variety of people and Booklist noted that it promotes peace and mutual understanding among children around the world.[citation needed]
 Human Action: A Treatise on Economics is a work by the Austrian economist and philosopher Ludwig von Mises. Widely considered Mises' magnum opus it presents the case for laissez-faire capitalism based on praxeology or rational investigation of human decision-making. It rejects positivism within economics. It defends an a priori epistemology and underpins praxeology with a foundation of methodological individualism and speculative laws of apodictic certainty.
 Tough Trip Through Paradise 1878-1879 is the autobiography of Andrew Garcia a man of Hispanic descent who was born in El Paso but moved north to Montana in 1876 and became a mountain man. He wrote down his story in his later years but never seriously sought publication due to a combination of disapproval from family members and fear of his story being exploited by dime novelists.
 The Times-Leader is a privately owned newspaper in Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania.Founded in 1879 it was locally owned until being purchased by Capital Cities in 1978.
 The 1980 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the ninth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1980 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Jack Gaughan was replaced by a new cover painting by Gary Viskupik.
 Dragonsong is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. Released by Atheneum Books in March 1976 it was the third to appear in the Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne or her son Todd McCaffrey. In its time however Dragonsong brought the fictional planet Pern to a new publisher editor and target audience of young adults and soon became the first book in the Harper Hall of Pern trilogy.
 Sunset in St. Tropez is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Dell Publishing on June 3 2003. The book is Steel's fifty-fifth best selling novel. The plot follows tales of friendship concerning three couples who have been friends all their lives. However when they go on holiday together to St. Tropez they discover untold secrets and revelations concerning one another.
 The Happy Hocky Family is a children's book by author and illustrator Lane Smith.
 Delovõje Vedomosti (English: Business News) is a Russian language financial newspaper published in Estonia founded in 1996.Delovõje Vedomosti is a weekly newspaper which offers mostly content related to economy but also covers politics culture and entertainment.The newspaper's first issue was released on 27 November 1996. It is published by AS Äripäev which is owned by the Swedish media group Bonnier.
 Equality Diversity and Inclusion (formerly Equal Opportunities International) is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing research on racial sexual religious disability and age discrimination equal opportunities and affirmative action.It is published by Emerald Group Publishing (since 2006) and was established in 1981. The journal changed its name from Equal Opportunities International to Equality Diversity and Inclusion in 2010.
 The Betrayal of Bindy Mackenzie (The Murder of Bindy MacKenzie (US) and Becoming Bindy MacKenzie (UK)) is the third novel for young adults by Jaclyn Moriarty set in the north-western suburbs of Sydney where the author grew up. The story focuses on a minor character from Moriarty's second young adult novel Finding Cassie Crazy. The story is told through letters memos and transcripts similar to the structure of other novels by the author.
 The Scottish Review of Books is a quarterly literary magazine published in Scotland. It was established in October 2004 with the support of the Scottish Arts Council. In 2009 it became a limited company with a board of directors Scottish Review of Books Limited. It is now managed from the Scottish Review of Books offices in Edinburgh. It has published articles by many distinguished contributors and commentators.
 Ida B: . . . and Her Plans to Maximize Fun Avoid Disaster and (Possibly) Save the World is a 2004 children's novel written by Katherine Hannigan. The audiobook version is narrated by Lili Taylor.
 On Parables (Von den Gleichnissen) is a short story fragment by Franz Kafka. It was not published until 1931 seven years after his death. Max Brod selected stories and published them in the collection Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer. The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China.
 International Humanist News is a monthly journal published by International Humanist and Ethical Union.
 Michael Vey: Battle of the Ampere is the third book of the seven book Michael Vey series written by Richard Paul Evans. It was published September 17 2013 by Simon Pulse/Mercury Ink. The first book in the series Michael Vey: The Prisoner of Cell 25 was #1 on the New York Times Best Seller list.
 Nixonland: The Rise of a President and the Fracturing of America is a work of history written by Rick Perlstein released in May 2008.
 Bloodlines is the second book in the Legacy of the Force series. The book is written by Karen Traviss and was released August 29 2006. The book takes place in the fictional Star Wars Expanded Universe about 35 years after Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi. It was followed by Tempest.
 The Tolkien Reader is an anthology of works by J. R. R. Tolkien. It includes a variety of short stories poems a play and some non-fiction by Tolkien. It compiles material previously published as three separate shorter books (Tree and Leaf Farmer Giles of Ham and The Adventures of Tom Bombadil) together with one additional piece and introductory material. It was published in 1966 by Ballantine Books in the USA.
 The Superman Family was a DC Comics comic book series which ran from 1974 to 1982 featuring stories starring supporting characters in the Superman comics. The term Superman Family is often used to refer to the extended cast of characters (especially super-powered ones) of comics books associated with Superman. A similarly titled series Superman Family Adventures was launched in 2012.
 The Maire of Bristowe is Kalendar is a book compiled in the late fifteenth century by Robert Ricart town clerk of Bristol England. The work consists of six parts giving a history of England and of the city of Bristol a list of civic officers and details of local customs and ceremonies. Commissioned by mayor William Spencer the Kalendar was started circa 1478–79.
 Inheritance is the fourth and final book in the Inheritance Cycle written by American author Christopher Paolini.The Inheritance Cycle was originally intended to be a trilogy but Paolini has stated that during writing the length of Brisingr grew and the book was split into two parts to be published separately.
 Year's Best SF 14 (ISBN 9780061721748) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2009. It is the fourteenth in the Year's Best SF series.
 The Tailor of Gloucester is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter privately printed by the author in 1902 and published in a trade edition by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1903. The story is about a tailor whose work on a waistcoat is finished by the grateful mice he rescues from his cat and was based on a real world incident involving a tailor and his assistants. For years Potter declared that of all her books it was her personal favourite.
 Marathon Man is a 1974 conspiracy thriller novel by William Goldman. It was Goldman's most successful thriller novel and his second suspense novel.In 1976 it was made into a film of the same name with screenplay by Goldman starring Dustin Hoffman Laurence Olivier and Roy Scheider and directed by John Schlesinger.
 Energy and Environmental Science is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles. The journal covers work of an interdisciplinary nature in the (bio)chemical and (bio)physical sciences and chemical engineering disciplines.
 Requiem for a Species: Why We Resist the Truth about Climate Change is a 2010 book by Australian academic Clive Hamilton which explores climate change denial and its implications. It argues that climate change will bring about large-scale harmful consequences for habitability for life on Earth including humans which it is too late to prevent. Hamilton explores why politicians corporations and the public deny or refuse to act on this reality.
 Ares is a 2006 Marvel Comics comic book limited series starring the character of the same name is written by Michael Avon Oeming and pencilled by Travel Foreman.
 The Wealth of Networks: How Social Production Transforms Markets and Freedom is a book by Harvard Law School professor Yochai Benkler published by Yale University Press on April 3 2006.A PDF of the book is downloadable under a Creative Commons Noncommercial Sharealike license. Benkler has said that his editable online book is an experiment of how books might be in the future demonstrating how authors and readers might connect instantly or even collaborate.
 Atomic Age is a four-issue comic-book mini-series cover-dated November 1990 to February 1991 published by the Marvel Comics creator-owned imprint Epic Comics.
 Woodstock Times is a small weekly newspaper in Woodstock New York that is circulated every Thursday. It was established in 1972 by its current owner Geddy Sveikauskas of Ulster Publishing.The editor is Brian Hollander.
 Cow and Boy is a webcomic created by Mark Leiknes. It was formerly distributed as a print comic by United Features Syndicate running from January 2 2006 to December 31 2012; it then moved to http://www.cowandboy.com as a self-published webcomic supported by voluntary $12/year contributions from readers.
 The g Factor: The Science of Mental Ability is a book by Arthur Jensen on the general factor of human mental ability or g.
 The Country of the Blind and Other Stories is a collection of thirty-three fantasy and science fiction short stories written by the English author H. G. Wells between 1894 and 1909. It was first published by Thomas Nelson and Sons in 1911. All the stories had first been published in various weekly and monthly periodicals.
 The Chinese Orange Mystery is a novel that was written in 1934 by Ellery Queen. It is the eighth of the Ellery Queen mysteries.In a poll of 17 detective story writers and reviewers this novel was voted as the eighth best locked room mystery of all time.
 Southern Metropolis Daily (Chinese: 南方都市报) is a daily Tabloid newspaper published in Guangzhou sister to the Southern Daily and part of the giant Southern Media Group. The paper is known for its investigative reporting which often gets it into trouble with the Beijing authorities.
 The Ambushers is a novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1963 continuing the exploits of assassin Matt Helm.
 Solo is a James Bond continuation novel written by William Boyd. It was published in the UK by Jonathan Cape on 26 September 2013 in hardback e-book and audio editions and in the US by HarperCollins on 8 October 2013.The plot centres on Bond's mission to the civil war in the fictional country of Zanzarim—a thinly veiled version of Biafra during the Nigerian Civil War—where he meets the local MI6 contact Efua Blessing Ogilvy-Grant and a Rhodesian mercenary Kobus Breed.
 The Far Side Gallery is an anthology of Gary Larson's The Far Side comic strips. Cartoons from previous books The Far Side Beyond the Far Side and In Search of the Far Side are featured all of which were printed from 1982-1984.
 I Know I've Been Changed was the first major successful play from famed Gospel playwright Tyler Perry. The play focuses on critical issues including child abuse and rape and how they are overcome by a strong belief in God.Soul musician Ryan Shaw got his start performing in this play in 1998. The play received its first staging in Atlanta in 1992.
 Oregon Geographic Names is a compilation of the origin and meaning of place names in the U.S. state of Oregon published by the Oregon Historical Society. The book was originally published in 1928. It was compiled and edited by Lewis A. McArthur. As of 2011 the book is in its seventh edition and is compiled and edited by Lewis L. McArthur.
 Obermosel-Zeitung was a newspaper published in Luxembourg between 1881 and 1948. In 1948 it merged into the Lëtzebuerger Journal.
 A Letter of Mary is the third in the Mary Russell mystery series of novels by Laurie R. King.
 Mashiro no Oto (ましろのおと) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Marimo Ragawa.
 Hernando Today is a daily newspaper based in Brooksville Florida covering Hernando County.
 Attack of the Mutant Underwear is a novel by children's author Tom Birdseye. It is written in diary form.
 Going Rouge: Sarah Palin An American Nightmare is a book comprising a collection of essays about Sarah Palin with a spoof title and cover design intended to lampoon Palin’s memoir Going Rogue: An American Life. It was released on November 17 2009.
 The Princess Diaries Volume IX: Princess Mia released in the United Kingdom as The Princess Diaries: To The Nines is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in the USA on December 26 2007 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the ninth novel in the series.
 Stories of Your Life and Others is a collection of short stories by Ted Chiang originally published in 2002 by Tor Books. It collects Chiang's first eight stories. All of the stories except Liking What You See: A Documentary were previously published individually elsewhere.
 Inventing the AIDS Virus is a book in which molecular biologist Peter Duesberg presents his belief that HIV does not cause AIDS. In the book Duesberg contends that HIV is a harmless passenger virus and claims that AIDS is caused by unrelated factors such as drug abuse antiretroviral medication chronic malnutrition poor sanitation and hemophilia.
 Food Rules: An Eater's Manual is a 2009 book by Michael Pollan. It offers 64 rules on eating based on his previous book In Defense of Food in three sections: Eat food mostly plants not too much. (Apples are food twinkies are not.) The book attributes the diseases of affluence to the so-called Western Diet of processed meats and food products and offers its rules as a remedy to the problem.
 L'Aventure ambiguë is a novel by Senegalese author Cheikh Hamidou Kane first published in 1961 about the interactions of western and African cultures. Its hero is a Fulani boy who goes to study in France. There he loses touch with his Islamic faith and his Senegalese roots. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 1962.
 Life Is Dead (ライフ・イズ・デッド) is a Japanese manga series by Tomohiro Koizumi. It was adapted into a live action film in 2012.
 The Annals of Pharmacotherapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of pharmacotherapy. The journal was established in 1967 as Drug Intelligence. The name changed a few times during its history to Drug Intelligence and Clinical Pharmacy (DICP) in 1969 and DICP-The Annals of Pharmacotherapy in 1989 before obtaining its current name in 1992.
 The Fall is a 2010 vampire horror novel by Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan. It is the second novel in the The Strain Trilogy and was preceded by The Strain and followed by The Night Eternal.
 Alms for Jihad: Charity and Terrorism in the Islamic World is a 2006 book co-written by American authors J. Millard Burr a former USAID relief coordinator in Sudan and Historian Robert O. Collins which discusses the role of Islamic charities in financing terrorism.
 Tectonophysics The International Journal of Geotectonics and the Geology and Physics of the Interior of the Earth is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It was established in 1964 and covers the field of tectonophysics including kinematics structure composition and dynamics of the solid Earth at all scales.
 The Syro-Aramaic Reading of the Koran: A Contribution to the Decoding of the Language of the Koran English Edition of 2007 (Die syro-aramäische Lesart des Koran: Ein Beitrag zur Entschlüsselung der Koransprache (2000)) is a book by Christoph Luxenberg.This book is considered a controversial work triggering a debate about the history linguistic origins and correct interpretation of the Qur'an.
 Israel Shtime (Yiddish: ישראל שטימע 'Israel Voice') was a Yiddish language newspaper published from Tel Aviv. It was an organ of the Mapam party. David Shtokfish was the founder of the newspaper and served as its editor until the end. Initially it was a weekly newspaper but was converted into a fortnightly and later into a monthly publication. Israel Shtime was closed down in October 1997 after 41 years of publishing.
 As it is Written is an Oriental fantasy novel by pulp writer De Lysle Ferrée Cass mistakenly republished under the name of Weird Tales writer Clark Ashton Smith. It was first published in 1982 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1250 copies (1200 of which were for sale) all of which were signed by the illustrator R.J. Krupowicz. The book includes an introduction by Will Murray and an afterword by Donald Sidney-Fryer.
 Forensic Magazine is a business-to-business magazine published by Vicon Publishing Inc.The first issue was published in Spring 2004. It has a circulation of more than 9500 qualified subscribers (BPA Worldwide Membership Applied For June 2008) in both print and digital.Published six times per year Forensic Magazine is the leading source of information on all aspects of forensic science technology trends equipment services and laboratory design.
 Fox in Socks is a children's book by Dr. Seuss first published in 1965. It features two main characters Fox (an anthropomorphic fox) and Knox who speak almost entirely in densely rhyming tongue-twisters.The book in some ways bears a resemblance to Green Eggs and Ham another book by Dr. Seuss. Both stories contain two main characters: one who is stubborn and wants to be left alone; the other a persistent and sometimes annoying opposite.
 The Little Black Box is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Gollancz in 1990 and reprints Volume V of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick. It had not previously been published as a stand-alone volume.
 The Killing Star is a hard science fiction novel by Charles R. Pellegrino and George Zebrowski published in April 1995. It covers several familiar speculative fiction ideas such as sublight interstellar travel genetic cloning virtual reality advanced robotics alien contact and interstellar war.
 The Journal of Exposure Science and Environmental Epidemiology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of environmental health and the effects of toxic substances on humans. It was established in 1991 as the Journal of Exposure Analysis and Environmental Epidemiology and obtained its current name in 2006. The editor-in-chief is Morton Lippmann (New York University).
 Lajja (Bengali: লজ্জা Lôjja) (Shame) is a novel in Bengali by Taslima Nasrin a writer of Bangladesh. The word lajja/lôjja means shame in Bengali and many other Indo-Aryan languages. The book was first published in 1993 in the Bengali language and was subsequently banned in Bangladesh.
 Mary and the Giant is an early non-science fiction novel written by Philip K. Dick in the years between 1953 and 1955 but not published until 1987.
 Artemis Fowl is a young-adult fantasy novel written by Irish author Eoin Colfer. It is the first book in the Artemis Fowl series followed by Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident.
 Epicenter (full title Epicenter: Why Current Rumblings in the Middle East Will Change Your Future) is a 2006 non-fiction Christian book by political column poster Joel C. Rosenberg. The book was released on September 1 2006 through Tyndale House Publishers Inc and concerns how current events in the Middle East and other places in the world resemble prophecies from the Book of Ezekiel. An updated version of the book entitled Epicenter 2.0 was released in 2008 in paperback.
 Experiments in Fluids is a scientific peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal presents contributions that employ existing experimental techniques to gain an understanding of the underlying flow physics in specific areas. These areas include turbulence aerodynamics hydrodynamics convective heat transfer combustion turbomachinery multi-phase flows and chemical biological and geological flows.
 Filio ni doma is a novel by Slovenian author Berta Bojetu. It was first published in 1990.
 The Theriaca (Ancient Greek: Θηριακά) is the longest surviving work of the 2nd-century BC Greek poet Nicander of Colophon.It is a 958-line hexameter poem describing the nature of venomous creatures including snakes spiders and scorpions and the wounds that they inflict.Nicander also wrote the companion work Alexipharmaca which explored other poisons and venoms.
 Anna in the Tropics is a play by Nilo Cruz. It won the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.The play is set in Ybor City a section of Tampa and the center of the cigar industry. When Cuban immigrants brought the cigar-making industry to Florida in the 19th century they carried with them another tradition. As the workers toiled away in the factory hand rolling each cigar the lector (historically well-dressed and well-spoken) would read to them.
 Social Science History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal. It is the official journal of the Social Science History Association. Its articles bring an analytic theoretical and often quantitative approach to historical evidence.
 Kyō no Go no Ni (今日の5の2 Kyō no Go no Ni lit. Today's 5's 2 or Today in Class 5-2) is the debut Japanese seinen manga series created by Koharu Sakuraba the author of Minami-ke. It was originally serialized in Kodansha's Bessatsu Young Magazine from 2002 to 2003 and the twenty-two chapters were later collected together in a single bound volume along with two extra chapters and published on November 11 2003 by Kodansha.
 Through the Eye of the Needle: A Romance is a 1907 Utopian novel written by William Dean Howells. It is the final volume in Howells's Altrurian trilogy following A Traveler from Altruria (1894) and Letters of an Altrurian Traveler (1904).Like the second book in the trilogy Howells casts the third and final book in the form of an epistolary novel — a form favored by some other Utopian and dystopian writers.
 The Gods of Atlantis (titled Atlantis God in the US) is an archaeological adventure novel by New York Times and London Sunday Times bestselling author David Gibbins. First published in 2011 it is the sixth book in Gibbins' Jack Howard series.
 Studies of the Book of Mormon is a collection of previously unpublished manuscripts written at the beginning of the 20th century by B. H. Roberts (1857–1933) a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
 Curentul is a Romanian newspaper based in Bucharest. It was founded in January 1928 by Pamfil Șeicaru and relaunched in October 1997. Before 1944 Șeicaru had written daily the main editorial of Curentul since 1928.
 Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research (Nucl. Instr. Meth. Phys. Res.) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It was established in 1957 as Nuclear Instruments.
 The American Heart Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of cardiology. It is published by Mosby and the editor-in-chief is R.M. Califf (Durham NC). The journal was established in 1925 and published bimonthly until 1977 when it switched to a monthly schedule.
 Conquerors' Trilogy (series saga) refers to a series of science fiction novels by Timothy Zahn.In a space opera setting a failed first contact leads to an interstellar war between humanity (nicknamed by the aliens The Human-Conquerors) and an alien race the Zhirrzh (nicknamed by humans The Conquerors). Meanwhile other alien races try to take advantage of the conflict between the two powers.
 Jamejam (Persian: جام جم‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this newspaper was Rahbar Shirazi Alireza Roostayian and it was published in Shiraz since 1915.
 The Wakefield Express is the newspaper serving the City of Wakefield district in West Yorkshire England. It was established in 1852 and was the subject of a centenary film produced by Lindsay Anderson in 1952. The newspaper is owned by Johnston Press and edited by Mark Bradley.After 155 years of publication as a broadsheet it changed to a tabloid format in March 2007.
 Hōzuki-san Chi no Aneki (鬼灯さん家のアネキ) is a yonkoma manga series written and illustrated by Ran Igarashi. A live action film adaptation will be produced.
 Juedai Shuangjiao also known as The Legendary Twins The Twins Handsome Siblings Legendary Siblings The Twin Heroes or Amazing Twins (and other similar variations) is a wuxia novel by Gu Long. The novel spans a total of 126 chapters and was written between 1966 and February 1969. The story is about a pair of twin brothers who were separated from each other at birth and raised under different circumstances.
 Berlin-Express Historie Is a short mock-history of the city of Berlin in 42 chapters by novelist Albrecht Behmel.
 The Eagle Times is a daily newspaper based in Claremont New Hampshire serving the Connecticut River Valley in New Hampshire and Vermont. It was published from the 1970s through July 10 2009 when it shut down. The paper resumed publishing on October 12 2009 under new ownership.The paper circulates in Claremont Charlestown Cornish Newport Plainfield and Unity New Hampshire and Ascutney Springfield Weathersfield and Windsor Vermont.
 Paedo Alert News was an English-language international magazine aimed specifically at homosexual pedophiles officially published in the Netherlands between 1979 and 1985 by the Spartacus association. Roughly bi-monthly the magazine contained news articles essays photography information on pedophilia and childhood and other material of interest to pedophiles.
 Missing Angel Juan is the fourth book in the Dangerous Angels series by Francesca Lia Block. The plot revolves around Witch Baby as she travels to New York City to find her love Angel Juan and bring him back home to Los Angeles.
 Makers is a novel by Cory Doctorow. It was released in October 2009. The novel is available free on the author's website as a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA download.
 Macromolecular Bioscience is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science. It publishes Reviews Feature Articles Communications and Full Papers at the intersection of polymer and materials sciences with life science and medicine. The editorial office is in Weinheim Germany. Its 2010 ISI impact factor is 3.458.
 Woman is an English weekly magazine launched in 1937. Its target audience is for 30- and 40-year old women. It encompasses a mix of celebrity gossip and TV news real-life stories and fashion and beauty tips. Its lifestyle section offers ideas on homes interiors and food product reviews and advice.During World War II it provided a range of fashion tips to cope with clothes rationing as well as recipes to deal with the shortages and alternatives.
 Comics Buyer's Guide (ISSN 0745-4570) (CBG) established in 1971 was the longest-running English-language periodical reporting on the American comic book industry. It has also awarded its annual Comics Buyer's Guide Fan Awards since 1982 with the first awards announced in #500 (June 17 1983). The publication ceased with the March 2013 issue.
 Lila: An Inquiry into Morals (1991) is the second philosophical novel by Robert M. Pirsig who is best known for his classic text Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance. Lila: An Inquiry into Morals was a nominated finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1992. This semi-autobiographical story takes place in the autumn as the author sails his boat down the Hudson River.
 The Last of the Sky Pirates is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 2002. It is the fifth volume of The Edge Chronicles and the first of the Rook Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the seventh novel following the Quint Saga and Twig Saga trilogies.Unlike the previous books in the series this focuses on Rook Barkwater and Felix Lodd but the main character of the first three books Twig is present as well.
 War Trash is a novel by the Chinese author Ha Jin who has long lived in the United States and who writes in English. It takes the form of a memoir written by the fictional character Yu Yuan a man who eventually becomes a soldier in the Chinese People's Volunteer Army and who is sent to Korea to fight on the Communist side in the Korean War.
 The Disintegration Machine is a very short story written by Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in Strand Magazine in January 1929. The story centers around the discovery of a machine capable of disintegrating objects and reforming them as they were. This short story is a part of the Challenger series a collection of stories about the wealthy eccentric adventurer Professor Challenger.
 The Ayrshire Post is a weekly Scottish local newspaper serving the community of South Ayrshire with local news issues and sports coverage.
 The Case of Thomas N. (1987) is a novel by John David Morley.
 Mental Radio: Does it work and how? (1930) was written by the American author Upton Sinclair and initially self-published. This book documents Sinclair's test of psychic abilities of Mary Craig Sinclair his second wife while she was in a state of profound depression with a heightened interest in the occult. She attempted to duplicate 290 pictures which were drawn by her brother. Sinclair claimed Mary successfully duplicated 65 of them with 155 partial successes and 70 failures.
 Trekker is a retrofuturistic science fiction comic book series written and illustrated by Ron Randall. The series follows the turbulent escapades of Mercy St. Clair a bounty hunter or Trekker making her way through the violent streets of New Gelaph in the year 2226. The comic has primarily been published in various formats by Dark Horse Comics but a has also appeared in single issues from Image Comics and online at Thrillbent.
 Wings of Fire: An Autobiography of APJ Abdul Kalam (1999) is an autobiography of A P J Abdul Kalam former President of India. It was written by Dr. Kalam and Arun Tiwari.Kalam examines his early life effort hardship fortitude luck and chance that eventually led him to lead Indian space research nuclearand missile programs.
 The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference is the debut book by Malcolm Gladwell first published by Little Brown in 2000.Gladwell defines a tipping point as the moment of critical mass the threshold the boiling point. The book seeks to explain and describe the mysterious sociological changes that mark everyday life. As Gladwell states Ideas and products and messages and behaviors spread like viruses do.
 Ant ('Oath') was a weekly leftwing publication in Turkey which first appeared in 1967. Ant supported the Workers Party of Turkey (TİP) and sought to resolve the differences between the TİP and other sectors of the left. Ant stressed that the struggle for socialism and the struggle against imperialism had to be combined.However in the early 1970s Ant drifted away from TİP.
 Gokujyo: Gokurakuin Joshikōryō Monogatari (ゴクジョッ。〜極楽院女子校寮物語〜 lit. Extreme Woman. The Tales of Gokurakuin Girls School Dorm) is a Japanese manga series by Maya Miyazaki. An anime television series by LMD aired in Japan between January and March 2012.
 The Review of Higher Education is an academic journal founded in 1978 and the official journal of the Association for the Study of Higher Education. The publication is aimed at scholars educators and policymakers and includes articles essays reviews and research intended to better inform readers of the issues that affect higher education today. The journal is published quarterly in September December March and June by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It was published by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1905. Mrs. Tiggy-winkle is a hedgehog washerwoman who lives in a tiny cottage in the fells of the Lake District. A child named Lucie happens upon the cottage and stays for tea. The two deliver freshly laundered clothing to the animals and birds in the neighbourhood.
 When Prophecy Fails: A Social and Psychological Study of a Modern Group That Predicted the Destruction of the World is a classic work of social psychology by Leon Festinger Henry Riecken and Stanley Schachter which studied a small UFO cult called the Seekers that believed in an imminent Apocalypse and its coping mechanisms after the event did not occur. Festinger's theory of cognitive dissonance can account for the psychological consequences of disconfirmed expectations.
 The Sleeping Sphinx first published in 1947 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which features Carr's series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 The March is a 2005 historical fiction novel by E. L. Doctorow. It won the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction (2006) and the National Book Critics Circle Award/Fiction (2005).
 The Law of Success (originally The Law of Success in 16 Lessons) is the title of Napoleon Hill’s first book set published initially in 1928 as a multi-volume correspondence course and later more compact formats in recent years.
 Corsairs of the Great Sea is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1994.
 From the Place in the Valley Deep in the Forest is a short-story collection by American writer Mitch Cullin and is the author's fifth book. It was first published as a trade paperback in November 2001 by Dufour Editions in the US. A UK trade paperback edition was published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson in January 2005.
 My Life as a Fake is a 2003 novel by Australian writer Peter Carey based on the Ern Malley hoax of 1943 in which two poets created a fictitious poet Ern Malley and submitted poems in his name to the literary magazine Angry Penguins. The novel was inspired by the idea of a 24-year-old hoax brought to life - original angry multilingual learned. He was interested in what the being would know instinctively and what he would be ignorant of.
 Evasion is a book that spun off from a zine of the same name. It was published by CrimethInc. in 2003. The book comprises 108 pages of slightly revised text from the original zine (95% of which is retained) along with 162 pages of new material.The author is not named in the book but is referred to elsewhere as Mack the Evasion Kid or Mack Evasion. He later wrote a column in the zine heartattaCk .Evasion is a first person account of the author's travels and means of survival.
 The Exile Kiss is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by George Alec Effinger published in 1991. It is the third novel in the three-book Marîd Audran series following the events of A Fire in the Sun. The title of the novel comes from Coriolanus by William Shakespeare: O! a kiss / Long as my exile sweet as my revenge! (Act V scene 3).Effinger had begun writing a fourth book in the Marîd Audran series Word of Night but died before that work was completed.
 The Stone Angel first published in 1964 by McClelland and Stewart is perhaps the best-known of Margaret Laurence's series of novels set in the fictitious town of Manawaka Manitoba. In parallel narratives set in the past and the present-day (early 1960s) The Stone Angel tells the story of Hagar Currie Shipley. In the present-day narrative 90-year-old Hagar is struggling against being put in a nursing home which she sees as a symbol of death.
 The Officer's Guide to Police Pistolcraft (a sequel to and expansion of the 2007 book Police Pistolcraft) is a 2009 non-fiction book by Michael E. Conti which covers combat-related situations arising in the course of standard law enforcement. Together with Police Pistolcraft it forms the basis for the current pistol training program of the Massachusetts State Police and has been adopted by a range of other law enforcement jurisdictions.
 The Magic of Atlantis is an anthology of fantasy short stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Lancer Books in 1970.The book collects seven fantasy tales by various authors set on the fictional lost continent of Atlantis with an afterword by Carter.
 Saint Genet Actor and Martyr (French: Saint Genet comédien et martyr) is a book by the French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre about the writer Jean Genet. It was first published in 1952. Sartre described it as an attempt to prove that genius is not a gift but the way out that one invents in desperate cases. Sartre also based his character Goetz in his play The Devil and the Good Lord (1951) on his analysis of Genet's psychology and morality. Sartre has been credited by David M.
 On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft by Stephen King published in 2000 is a memoir of the author's experiences as a writer and also serves as a guide book for those who choose to enter the craft. In 2008 Entertainment Weekly listed On Writing 21st on their list of The New Classics: Books – The 100 best reads from 1983 to 2008 making it King's only entry.
 Maskerade is the eighteenth novel in the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett. The witches Granny Weatherwax and Nanny Ogg visit the Ankh-Morpork Opera House to find Agnes Nitt a girl from Lancre and get caught up in a story similar to The Phantom of the Opera.
 Consider the Lobster and Other Essays (2005) is a collection of essays by novelist David Foster Wallace. It is also the title of one of the essays which was published in Gourmet Magazine in 2004.
 Teen-Age Romances was an American comic book series produced by St. John Publications. Each issue was a series of 1-shot stories involving a wide cast of characters. The first 3 issues began with a standard format of 5 stories each and then it branched out to various larger numbers.
 International Journal of Green Pharmacy (ISSN: Print - 0973-8258 Online - 1998-4103) is peer-reviewed open access journal published on behalf of the B R Nahata Smriti Sansthan Mandsaur.
 The Catholic Worker is a newspaper published seven times a year by the Catholic Worker Movement community in New York City. The newspaper was started by Dorothy Day and Peter Maurin to make people aware of church teaching on social justice. Day said the word Worker in the paper's title referred to those who worked with hand or brain those who did physical mental or spiritual work.
 The Truth Machine (1996) is a science fiction novel by James L. Halperin about a genius who invents an infallible lie detector. Soon every citizen must pass a thorough test under a Truth Machine to get a job or receive any sort of license. Eventually people begin wearing them all the time thus eliminating dishonesty in all parts of human interaction and eliminating crime terrorism and a great deal of general social problems.
 The Long Trial of Nolan Dugatti is a novel written by Native American author Stephen Graham Jones published in 2008.
 The Russian Public Opinion Herald (Russian: Вестник общественного мнения) is a Russian sociological journal which is published by the Levada Center four times a year. It was first published in 2003 in combination with the foundation of the Levada Center.
 Enfances is an essay written by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio for a book of the same name which was co-written by Brigitte Fossey and set to photographs by Christophe Kuhn.
 EPL is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by EDP Sciences IOP Publishing and the Italian Physical Society on behalf of the European Physical Society and 17 other European physical societies. Prior to 1 January 2007 it was known as Europhysics Letters.
 Gag Manga Biyori (ギャグマンガ日和 Gyagu Manga Biyori lit. Good Day for Gag Manga) is a manga serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump until July 2007 when the magazine ceased to publish. The manga has continued serialization in its monthly successor Jump Square. Three 12-episode anime series were produced by Artland selecting stories from the manga. Each episode is 5 minutes long.
 Candy (飴イロ蛮優引力 Ameiro Banyū Inryoku) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Satomi Sugita. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on 26 August 2008.
 The Columbia Journal of European Law was established in 1994 and is one of the few legal publications in the United States devoted exclusively to European law. It currently ranks among the top five foreign and civil law journals in the US and is the most cited journal of European legal scholarship in North America.The journal is published under the auspices of the European Legal Studies Center at Columbia Law School. Columbia students are entirely responsible for CJEL’s publication.
 Chinese Shadows is a book written by Simon Leys which is the pseudonym for Belgian Sinologist Pierre Ryckmans. It was originally published in the French-language in 1974 under the title Ombres Chinoises and was then translated into English in 1977. The book is about Leys' six-month stay in China which he made in 1972. Leys discusses the cultural and political destruction of the People's Republic of China by Mao Zedong who was the chairman of the Communist Party of China at the time.
 Barom One (バロム・1 Baromu Wan) is a Japanese manga series written by Takao Saito. Original story was serialized for about a year from 1970 in Weekly Bokura Magazine (週刊ぼくらマガジン Shukan Bokura Magajin). It is currently available online in English through Jmanga.com.In 1972 TV tokusatsu series were created titled Chōjin Barom 1 (超人バロム1) by Toei and broadcast by Yomiuri TV in every Sunday 19:30-20:00pm from April 2 to November 26.
 The Terminal Experiment is a science fiction novel by Canadian novelist Robert J. Sawyer. The book won the 1995 Nebula Award for Best Novel and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1996. Sawyer received a writer's reserve grant from the Ontario Arts Council in 1993 in support of his writing the novel.The story was first serialised in Analog magazine in the mid-December 1994 to March 1995 issues under the name Hobson's Choice before its first novel publication in May 1995.
 Seekers of Tomorrow: Masters of Modern Science Fiction is a work of collective biography on the formative authors of the science fiction genre by Sam Moskowitz first published in hardcover by the World Publishing Company in 1965. The first paperback edition was issued by Ballantine Books in October 1967. A photographic reprint of the original edition was issued in both hardcover and trade paperback by Hyperion Press in 1974.
 La Promenade du sceptique (English translation: The Promenade of the Skeptic or simply The Skeptic's Walk) is a book by Denis Diderot completed in 1747. It was first published in 1830. The book is separated into two parts; the first being a critique of religion and the second a philosophical debate.
 The Unconquered is a 1943 short story by W. Somerset Maugham. It is set in occupied France during the Second World War and its plot centres on the Frenchwoman Annette being raped by a German soldier Hans. It was adapted for television in 1970 by James Saunders starring Michael Pennington as Hans Caroline Mortimer as Annette and Jack Woolgar and Sheila Burrell as Monsieur and Madame Perrier.
 Incarceron (2007) is a young-adult fantasy and science fiction novel written by Catherine Fisher that was first released on May 3 2007. Published by Hodder Children's Books it is the first in a line of novels centered around Finn and Claudia two adolescents individually confined by the Warden of Incarceron. A sequel to the book entitled Sapphique was published in 2008. Incarceron was first released in the United States in 2010 and appeared on the New York Times children's bestseller list.
 Blade is a long-running consumer magazine about knife collecting.First published in 1973 under the title American Blade by Southern House Publishing Co. with Blackie Collins as the editor the magazine's title was changed to Blade in 1982 after its purchase by Jim Parker and Bruce Voyles. In the 1980s the magazine served as the launching point for an annual convention for knife collectors the Blade Show; established a Cutlery Hall of Fame; and spun off a trade magazine Blade Trade.
 False Memory is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1999.
 Black Rain (黒い雨 Kuroi Ame) is a novel by Japanese author Masuji Ibuse. Ibuse began serializing Black Rain in the magazine Shincho in January 1965. The novel is based on historical records of the devastation caused by the atomic bombing of Hiroshima.
 Alleys of Peril is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in January 1931 issue of Fight Stories.The story is now in the public domain.
 Third Girl is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in November 1966 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company the following year. The UK edition retailed at eighteen shillings (18/-) and the US edition at $4.50.It features her Belgian detective Hercule Poirot and the recurring character Ariadne Oliver. The novel is notable for being the first in many years in which Poirot is present from beginning to end.
 The Word is a 1972 mystery thriller novel by Irving Wallace which explores the origin of the Bible.
 Suki na Mono wa Suki Dakara Shōganai!! (好きなものは好きだからしょうがない!!) also known as Sukisho! or Sukisyo! is a light novel that has since expanded into a Boys' Love game (a type of Visual Novel) an anime series and OVA. The title translates into English as I like what I like so it can't be helped or I like what I like so there! The best known of the versions is the BL game which features mild BL and in the original PC release hardcore BL.
 On Heroes Hero-Worship and The Heroic in History is a book by Thomas Carlyle published with James Fraser London in 1841.It is a collection of six lectures give in May 1840. 1. (5 May) The Hero as Divinity. Odin. Paganism: Scandinavian Mythology 2. (8 May) The Hero as Prophet. Muhammad: Islam 3. (12 May) The Hero as Poet. Dante; Shakespeare 4. (15 May) The Hero as Priest. Luther; Reformation: Knox; Puritanism 5. (19 May) The Hero as Man of Letters. Johnson Rousseau Burns 6.
 Hell House is a novel by American novelist Richard Matheson published in 1971.
 Animal Coloration or in full Animal Coloration. An account of the principal facts and theories relating to the colours and markings of animals is a book by the English zoologist Frank Evers Beddard published by Swan Sonnenschein in 1892.
 Lolly Willowes; or The Loving Huntsman is a novel by Sylvia Townsend Warner her first published in 1926. A satirical comedy of manners incorporating elements of fantasy it is the story of a middle-aged spinster who moves to a country village to escape her controlling relatives and takes up the practice of witchcraft.
 Green Angel is a 2003 post-apocalyptic young adult novel written by Alice Hoffman. It tells the story of a girl's isolation suffering and gradual recovery after her family dies in a catastrophic fire. It has elements of magic realism and dystopian fiction. It was followed by a sequel Green Witch in 2010 and a compilation of both novels which was then followed by Green Heart in 2012 .
 The Forgotten Realms Atlas (ISBN 0-88038-857-9) was a book produced by Karen Wynn Fonstad and provided detailed maps of the Forgotten Realms a fictional setting in the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.The atlas also included timelines of various novels set in the world. The book was 210 pages and was published in August 1990.
 Every Boy’s Book of Outer Space Stories is a 1960 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by T. E. Dikty and published by Fredrick Fell. Most of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Thrilling Wonder Stories and Galaxy Science Fiction.
 The Temple of the Ten is a fantasy novel by H. Bedford-Jones and W. C. Robertson. It was first published in book form in 1973 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1000 copies. The novel originally appeared in the magazine Adventure in 1921.
 I kill is a thriller written by Giorgio Faletti.
 Tribulations of a Chinaman in China (French: Les Tribulations d'un Chinois en Chine) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne first published in 1879. The story is about a rich Chinese man Kin-Fo who is bored with life and after some business misfortune decides to die.
 All Seated on the Ground is a science fiction novella by Connie Willis originally published in the December 2007 issue of American magazine Asimov's Science Fiction and as a standalone volume from Subterranean Press. It won the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Novella.
 Kenji (拳児) is a manga series written by Ryuchi Matsuda and illustrated by Yoshihide Fujiwara. The series follows Kenji Goh a practitioner of the Chinese martial art Bājíquán. Matsuda drew from his own knowledge of the martial arts when writing the manga.
 The African Journal of Range & Forage Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research on the management and sustainable utilisation of natural and agricultural resources. It is published by Taylor & Francis and the National Inquiry Services Centre on behalf of the Grassland Society of Southern Africa. The editor-in-chief is Susanne Vetter (Rhodes University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.600.
 Sahara Reporters is an online news agency that focuses on promoting citizen journalism by encouraging everyday people to report stories about corruption human rights abuses and other political misconduct in Nigeria. A frontier news source for advocacy journalism Sahara Reporters has been referred to as the “Wikileaks of Africa” by The Daily Beast.Based in New York City Sahara Reporters was founded in 2006 by Nigerian political activist Omoyele Sowore.
 Grammatical Man: Information Entropy Language and Life is a 1982 book written by the Evening Standard's Washington correspondent Jeremy Campbell. The book touches on topics of probability Information Theory cybernetics genetics and linguistics. The book frames and examines existence from the Big Bang to DNA to human communication to artificial intelligence in terms of information processes. The text consists of a foreword twenty-one chapters and an afterword.
 Eon is a 1985 science fiction novel by Greg Bear. It is the first story written in The Way fictional universe.Events in Eon take place in 2005 when the U.S.A. and U.S.S.R. are on the verge of nuclear war. In that tense political climate a 290 km asteroid is detected following an anomalous and very powerful energy burst just outside the solar system.
 This article is about the novel. For the film adaptations see Atlas Shrugged: Part I Atlas Shrugged: Part II or Atlas Shrugged: Part III.Atlas Shrugged is a 1957 novel by Ayn Rand. Rand's fourth and last novel it was also her longest and the one she considered to be her magnum opus in the realm of fiction writing.
 'The People of Kau' is the title of the 1976 English-language translation of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 'Die Nuba von Kau ' an illustrations book published in the same year in Germany. The book was an international bestseller and is a follow-up to her earlier successful 1973 book Die Nuba.
 For the film based on the novel see Cold in July (film)Cold in July is a 1989 crime novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.
 The Age of Spiritual Machines is a non-fiction book by inventor and futurist Ray Kurzweil about artificial intelligence and the future course of humanity. First published in hardcover on January 1 1999 by Viking it has received attention from The New York Times The New York Review of Books and The Atlantic.
 Analytical Chemistry is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1929 by the American Chemical Society. It is abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service CAB International EBSCOhost ProQuest PubMed Scopus and the Science Citation Index Expanded. According to the Journal Citation Reports it has a 2012 impact factor of 5.695. The editor-in-chief is Jonathan V. Sweedler (University of Illinois).
 Spilled Water is a children's novel by Sally Grindley published in 2004. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award and was longlisted for the Carnegie Medal. It tells the story of a Chinese girl Lu Si-yan who is sold into domestic service when she is just eleven years old. The story also tells of Lu Si-Yan working as an underaged worker in a factory sweat shop.
 In the King's Service is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ace Books in 2003. It was the fourteenth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the first book in the fifth Deryni trilogy the Childe Morgan trilogy. The events of this trilogy are a direct prequel to the first Deryni trilogy the Chronicles of the Deryni.
 A House for Mr Biswas is a 1961 novel by V. S. Naipaul significant as Naipaul's first work to achieve acclaim worldwide. It is the story of Mohun Biswas an Indo-Trinidadian who continually strives for success and mostly fails who marries into the Tulsi family only to find himself dominated by it and who finally sets the goal of owning his own house.
 Sea of Red is a comic book series about 16th century vampire pirates which was published from 2005 to 2006 by Image Comics. The series was written by Rick Remender and Kieron Dwyer and drawn by Salgood Sam and Paul Harmon.
 Translation and Literature is an academic journal of English literature in its foreign relations. Articles and notes have included: Surrey and Marot Livy and Jacobean drama Virgil in Paradise Lost Pope’s Horace Fielding on translation Browning’s Agamemnon and Brecht in English.
 Cranford is one of the better-known novels of the 19th-century English writer Elizabeth Gaskell. It was first published in 1851 as a serial in the magazine Household Words which was edited by Charles Dickens.
 Dreams of Dark and Light: The Great Short Fiction of Tanith Lee is a collection of fantasy horror and science fiction stories by author Tanith Lee. It was released in 1986 and was the author's first book published by Arkham House . It was published in an edition of 3957 copies.
 Opera Canada is a quarterly music magazine published by Opera Canada Publications. It is the oldest continuously published arts magazine in Canada. It is an independent magazine separate from the Canadian Opera Association. Along with Opera and Opera News in the 1990s the magazine was considered to be one of the three major opera publications in the English-speaking world.
 The Girl of Fire and Thorns is the debut novel of author Rae Carson published by Green Willow Books an imprint of HarperCollins. It is the first novel of the Fire and Thorns trilogy to be followed by The Crown of Embers (2012) and The Bitter Kingdom (2013).
 Pro Wrestling Superstar Biography (プロレススーパースター列伝 Pro Wrestling Superstar Retsuden) is a shōnen manga written by Ikki Kajiwara and drawn by Kunichika Harada. The manga was serialized in Shōnen Sunday from 1980 volume 23 through 1983 volume 26.
 Plague Over England is a play written by Nicholas de Jongh based on an incident that occurred during John Gielgud's life when he was arrested for lewd behaviour; it offers an insight into the changes in the lives of gay people over the last fifty years. It received universally positive reviews when it received its world premiere at the Finborough Theatre in 2008 and subsequently transferred to the West End with an updated cast for a limited run.
 The Fight is a 1975 non-fiction book by Norman Mailer about the boxing title fight between Muhammed Ali and George Foreman at Kinshasa in Zaire in 1974 known as the Rumble in the Jungle.
 Ten Technologies to Fix Energy and Climate (second edition 2009) or Ten Technologies to Save the Planet (first edition 2008) is a popular science book by Chris Goodall first published in 2008 and re-issued in 2009 by Profile Books. Its ten chapters each detail a technology that has the potential to reduce Greenhouse Gases while being economically and technologically viable in the present or near future.
 Cellular Signalling is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on various aspects of cell signalling.
 Deathwatch is an American 1972 novel written by Robb White. The book was awarded the 1973 Edgar Award for Best Juvenile Mystery from the Mystery Writers of America.[citation needed]Its plot features a skilled and successful hunter and lawyer Madec who receives a rare permit to shoot bighorn sheep in California's Mojave desert for seven days. He hires a timid college student named Ben as a guide.
 Manga: Sixty Years of Japanese Comics is a 2004 encyclopaedia written by Paul Gravett. It was published in 2004 by Laurence King in the United Kingdoms and by Harper Design in United States. It gives an overview of most of the famous manga works and historical evolution since 1945. Osamu Tezuka had the privilege to have a whole chapter about his works in the encyclopaedia.
 Leave it to Chance is an American comic book series written by James Robinson illustrated by penciler Paul Smith and published by Image Comics. It features the adventures of Chance Falconer the 14-year old daughter of famed paranormal investigator Lucas Falconer and her pet dragon St. George. It was published irregularly for twelve issues from 1996 to 1999 (#12 was the only one published by DC) with issue #13 released by Image in 2002.
 Armageddon Summer is a 1998 novel by Jane Yolen and Bruce Coville.
 Stephen Hero is a posthumously-published autobiographical novel by Irish author James Joyce. Its published form reflects only a portion of an original manuscript part of which was lost. Many of its ideas were used in composing A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man.
 Gypsy Rizka is a light-hearted novel by Lloyd Alexander about a girl who survives purely on her own wit.
 Emperor Shaka the Great is an epic poem based on the Zulu oral tradition compiled in Zulu then translated by South African Poet Mazisi Kunene. The epic follows the life of Shaka Zulu. The poem documents his exploits as a king of the Zulu people produced considerable advances in State structure and military technologies of the Zulu. Some critics express concern over the historicity of the retelling.
 Explorers of the New Century is the fifth novel by Booker shortlisted author Magnus Mills published in 2005.
 Impact a novel by Douglas Preston was published on January 5 2010 by Forge Books. It is the third book in the Wyman Ford series.
 Cloud Busting is a children's novel by Malorie Blackman published in 2004. It is written in verse with each chapter using a different type of poetry.The novel won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Silver Award and was longlisted for the Carnegie Medal.
 WORD Magazine is an Isla Vista California quarterly arts and culture magazine published by students through an Isla Vista Arts course at the University of California Santa Barbara. Partnered with the university's Office of Student Life the student-run magazine highlights Isla Vista music arts and local interests and includes a daily Isla Vista events calendar.
 Bones and Silence is a crime novel by Reginald Hill the eleventh novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series. The novel received the Gold Dagger Award in 1990.
 Iron Man vs. Whiplash is a four-part comic book series from Marvel Comics. The first issue was released in December 2009. This comic book was released as a lead-in story to the Iron Man 2 film.
 This article is about the book. For the 1970 film see The Only Game in Town (film).The Only Game in Town is the third book of the Spirit Flyer Series by John Bibee. The book was published by Inter-Varsity Press in 1988. This is the first of the Spirit Flyer Series of books that does not focus exclusively on the expoits of the Kramar family. The protagonist of The Only Game in Town is Daniel Bayley a young boy that recently moved to the fictional town of Centerville.
 The Perennial Philosophy is a comparative study of mysticism by British novelist Aldous Huxley. Its title derives from the theological tradition of the philosophia perennis.
 Rebecca is a novel by English author Daphne du Maurier. A moderate best-seller there were 2829313 copies of Rebecca sold between 1938 and 1965 and the book has never gone out of print. The novel is remembered for the character Mrs. Danvers the fictional estate Manderley and its opening lines: Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again... I came upon it suddenly; the approach masked by the unnatural growth of a vast shrub that spread in all directions...
 The Shore Road Mystery is Volume 6 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap. The plot centers around attempts by the Hardy Boys to catch a ring of car thieves stealing cars from the Shore Road.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1928. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Ranbir (Urdu: رنبیر‎) was a daily Urdu language newspaper published from Jammu India. It was the first daily newspaper in Jammu and Kashmir.
 Rose Under Fire is a young-adult historical novel by Elizabeth Wein set in World War II and published in 2013.The novel follows Rose Justice an 18-year old American volunteer Air Transport Auxiliary pilot who is captured by the Luftwaffe on a flight in France in 1944 and is sent to the Ravensbrück concentration camp.
 Bonaparte à Malte is a 2008 book by Maltese writer Frans Sammut with an introduction by Dr Paul Borg Olivier. The Maltese original Bonaparti f'Malta was published in 1997.
 BostonNOW is a discontinued free daily newspaper that was distributed in Boston combining both traditional and web journalism. BostonNOW offered information in print online and mobile. The newspaper was targeted towards commuters rather than residences; it was widely distributed at key MBTA subway stations. The tabloid held daily polls contests and a Treasure Hunt contest and relied heavily on bloggers for content.
 Redstone Science Fiction is an online science fiction magazine. The first issue was published June 1 2010 and maintained a regular monthly schedule until the September 1 2012 issue.Redstone Science Fiction (often called Redstone SF) has published fiction by Cory Doctorow Mary Robinette Kowal Ken MacLeod Cat Rambo Hannu Rajaniemi Vylar Kaftan Lavie Tidhar and others.
 The Know-It-All: One Man's Humble Quest to Become the Smartest Person in the World is a book by Esquire editor A. J. Jacobs published in 2004.It recounts his experience of reading the entire Encyclopædia Britannica; all 32 volumes of the 2002 edition extending to over 33000 pages with some 44 million words. He set out on this endeavour to become the smartest person in the world.
 The History of the Russian Revolution by Leon Trotsky is a 3 volume book on the Russian Revolution of 1917 first published in 1930 translated into English by Max Eastman in 1932. The three parts are: The Overthrow of Tzarism The Attempted Counter-Revolution and The Triumph of the Soviets. It is considered an important and unique work as a history of a major event written by someone who took a leading role in it.
 Founded by African filmmakers in Burkina Faso in 1992 during a period of intense worldwide interest and commentary on African T.V. and film the bilingual journal Ecrans d'Afrique: Revue Internationale de Cinema Television et Video (also known as African Screen) explored all aspects of African film production. It along with its many contemporaries sought to ameliorate an intellectual climate which suffered from a dearth of commentary on African film.
 The Journal of Ayn Rand Studies is an academic journal devoted to the study of the philosophy of Ayn Rand. Established in 1999 its founding editor is New York University scholar Chris Sciabarra. At present the other two editors are Stephen D. Cox and Roderick Long.
 Brothers is a science fiction short story by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published in Astounding: The John W Campbell Memorial Anthology.
 DC Universe Presents Batman Superman was part of the UK 'Collector's Edition' line of DC Comics published by Titan Magazines. It was published between September 2007 and March 2008. It reprinted comics from DC Comics from the United States relating to Batman Superman or the DC Universe in general.
 A Suspension of Mercy (1965) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith. It was published in the US under the title The Story-Teller.
 Network: Computation In Neural Systems is a scientific journal that aims to provide a forum for integrating theoretical and experimental findings in computational neuroscience across relevant interdisciplinary boundaries. The journal is published by Informa and edited by G. J. Goodhill (University of Queensland Australia).Network: Computation In Neural Systems was established in 1990 and has an impact factor of 0.957. It is published 4 times a year.
 Sabotaged is the third novel in The Missing series by Margaret Peterson Haddix. It was released in August 2010.There is a fourth book named Torn which was released on August 23 2011. This is the third book of the series
 Assignment: Murder is a thriller novel by Donald Hamilton.
 Clinical Nurse Specialist: The Journal for Advanced Nursing Practice is a bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal for clinical nurse specialists.
 FIELD magazine is a twice-yearly literary magazine published by Oberlin College in Oberlin Ohio and focusing on contemporary poetry and poetics.FIELD has published spring and fall issues each year since its founding in 1969. Contributors have included Adrienne Rich Charles Wright Thomas Lux and Franz Wright.
 Il Globo is an Italian language newspaper published in Melbourne Australia. The newspaper's Sydney counterpart is La Fiamma.
 The American Indian Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Am. Indian L. R.) is a student-run law review affiliated with the University of Oklahoma College of Law. It has been published since 1973 and is the most widely known of the law reviews that cover Native American (Indian) legal issues.
 A Dreamer's Tales is the fifth book by Irish fantasy writer Lord Dunsany considered a major influence on the work of J. R. R. Tolkien H. P. Lovecraft Ursula K. Le Guin and others. It was first published in hardcover by George Allen & Sons in September 1910 and has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Journal of Clinical Gastroenterology first published in March 1979 is a peer reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The Editor in Chief is Martin H. Floch MD (Yale University School of Medicine).
 Royal Flash is a 1970 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the second of the Flashman novels. It was made into the film Royal Flash in 1975 and remains the only Flashman novel to be filmed.
 2061: Odyssey Three is a science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke that was published in 1987. It is the third book in Clarke's Space Odyssey series. It returns to one of the lead characters of the previous novels Heywood Floyd and depicts Floyd's adventures which take him from the 2061 returning of Halley's Comet to Jupiter's moon Europa.
 The Mirror Reporter is a weekly newspaper published in Clear Lake Iowa.
 Black Creek Crossing is a thriller horror novel by John Saul published by Ballantine Books on March 16 2004. The novel follows the story of teenage Angel Sullivan who moves into a new house in a new town with her family and she learns of a brutal murder that occurred in her new home and begins to it may be haunted.
 Contingency Irony and Solidarity (1989) is a book by American philosopher Richard Rorty based on two sets of lectures he gave at University College London and at Trinity College Cambridge.In contrast to his earlier work Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature (1979) Rorty mostly abandons attempts to explain his theories in analytic terms and creates an alternate conceptual schema to that of the Platonists he rejects in which truth (as it is used conventionally) is considered unintelligible and meaningless.The book is divided into three parts each consisting of three chapters.
 Iketeru Futari (イケてる2人 lit. The Hot Couple) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Takashi Sano. It was serialized in the Shōnen Gahosha magazine Young King Comics from 1997 to 2010 for a total of 33 volumes.The 1999 animated television adaptation has 16 episodes with about 5½ minutes per episode. This anime features significant fan service. A live-action theatrical film version was released on October 2 2009.
 Light (formerly Light: A Quarterly of Light Verse) is an online journal which bills itself as America's oldest and best-known journal of light verse.Light was founded as a print journal in 1992 by retired postal worker John Mella. Mella personally published the journal until 2008 when he founded the non-profit Foundation for Light Verse with a $500000 gift from poet Joyce La Mers. The Foundation headed by Mella took over publication of the journal.
 Ciklamen is a novel by Slovenian author Janko Kersnik. It was first published in 1883.
 Australian Mammalogy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing on behalf of the Australian Mammal Society covering research about biology of mammals that are native or introduced to Australasia.The journal is abstracted by The Zoological Record Scopus GeoRef and Biological Abstracts.
 Rose Hip Rose (ローズ ヒップ ローズ Rozu Hippu Rozu) is a seinen manga created by Tooru Fujisawa serialized in Kodansha's Young Magazine Uppers from 2002 until the discontinuation of the magazine in October 2004. The story continue with the new name Magnum Rose Hip on the page of Shōnen Magazine. A prequel to the series Rose Hip Zero was published in 2005–2006.
 Keesha's House is a 2003 award winning debut young adult verse novel by American author Helen Frost. The book's story is told through multiple poems and concerns a group of teenagers that are all drawn to the house of the titular character Keesha due to serious issues in their personal lives.
 The Story of Doctor Dolittle Being the History of His Peculiar Life at Home and Astonishing Adventures in Foreign Parts (1920) written and illustrated by Hugh Lofting is the first of his Doctor Dolittle books a series of children's novels about a man who learns to talk to animals and becomes their champion around the world.
 Olivia is a monthly Finnish magazine for Finnish women. The publication focuses on career family home and fashion.
 Eggs is a young adult novel by Jerry Spinelli that was published in 2007. The story outlines a relationship that develops between two children that seemingly have little in common other than loneliness.
 The Carver Trilogy is Sue Harrison's dealing with the prehistoric Aleut tribes. The trilogy includes Mother Earth Father Sky (1990) My Sister the Moon (1992) andBrother Wind (1994).
 Hide My Eyes is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in 1958 in the United Kingdom by Chatto & Windus London. It was published in the U.S. under the titles Tether's End or Ten Were Missing. It is the sixteenth novel in the Albert Campion series.
 Vecherniy Minsk is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Smaalenenes Avis is a local newspaper published in Askim Norway. It covers Indre Østfold.It was established in Mysen in 1899 under the name Indre Smaalenenes Avis and covered the municipalities of Eidsberg Trøgstad and Marker. A trial issue came on 22 December 1899 followed by the first official issue on 4 January 1900. The first editor who sat until 1901 was a Methodist pastor. Peder Slotsvik took over.
 Rape of the Fair Country is a novel by Alexander Cordell first published in 1959. It is the first in Cordell's Mortymer Trilogy followed by The Hosts Of Rebecca (1960) and Song of the Earth (1969). The book has been translated into seventeen languages.
 Teen Beat was an American magazine geared towards teenaged readers published from 1967–c. 2007. Over its history the magazine had multiple teen idols on its cover including John Travolta David Cassidy Menudo Michael J.
 Children of God is the second book and the second science fiction novel written by author Mary Doria Russell. It is the sequel to the award-winning novel The Sparrow.
 The Annual Review of Anthropology is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1972. It covers significant developments on all aspects of anthropology including archaeology biological anthropology linguistics and communicative practices regional studies and international anthropology and sociocultural anthropology. The editors-in-chief are Donald Brenneis (University of California Santa Cruz) and Karen B. Strier (University of Wisconsin-Madison).
 The Last Words of Dutch Schultz is a closet screenplay by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs first published in 1970. Based upon the life (or to be more precise the death) of 1930s German-Jewish-American gangster Dutch Schultz the novel uses as its springboard Schultz's surreal last words which were delivered in the midst of high-fever delirium after being mortally shot while urinating in the men's room of a Newark bar.
 The Tin Flute (original French title Bonheur d'occasion secondhand happiness) Gabrielle Roy’s first novel is a classic of Canadian fiction.
 And Then There Was No One is a novel by Gilbert Adair first published in 2009. After The Act of Roger Murgatroyd and A Mysterious Affair of Style it is the third book in the Evadne Mount trilogy.
 Hills & Valley Messenger is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide part of the Messenger Newspapers group. The Hills & Valley's area is bounded by the Belair National Park in the north-east and the suburbs of Darlington to the west and Happy Valley to the south. Its western border roughly divides the foothills from the Adelaide plains.The newspaper generally reports on events of interest in its distribution area including the suburbs of Belair Blackwood Flagstaff Hill and Aberfoyle Park.
 Andrews University Seminary Studies (AUSS) is a refereed scholarly Christian journal published by the Seventh-day Adventist Theological Seminary at Andrews University. It is issued twice a year from Berrien Springs MI. The journal was founded in 1963 and currently has a circulation of 600 copies.
 The Memoirs of Solar Pons is a collection of detective fiction short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1951 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 2038 copies. It was the second collection of Derleth's Solar Pons stories which are pastiches of the Sherlock Holmes tales of Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Noragami (ノラガミ lit. Stray God) is a fantasy manga series by Adachitoka that began serialization in Kodansha's Monthly Shōnen Magazine in January 2011's issue. It has been collected in ten tankōbon volumes as of February 2014. An anime television series adaptation by Bones aired in Japan between January 5 and March 23 2014.
 The Sword of Roele is an adventure module for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 GoodKnyght! is a 2001 fantasy novel written by Steve Barlow and Steve Skidmore (known as The Two Steves) as the first part of the Tales of The Dark Forest series. Its sequel Whizzard! was released in 2002.
 Tread Softly in this Place is a novel set in the town of Ross located in a remote part of rural Ireland and written over the course of 1970/71 by the Irish-based author Brian Cleeve. The narrative takes place over four days and charts the interconnecting lives and loves of a disparate collection of characters. Tread Softly in this Place is a further exploration of Irish themes following Cleeve's successful Cry of Morning although it did not sell as well as the latter.
 Environmental Chemistry - Environmental problems chemical approaches - is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research and review articles on all aspects of environmental chemistry.
 The Book of Night With Moon is a 1997 fantasy novel by Diane Duane. Although set in the Young Wizards universe it was written as an adult novel. It centers on a team of cat-wizards.This book takes place in between books 4 and 5 of the Young Wizards series. A significant portion of the book uses phrases or words in Ailurin the language of cats which contains 37 vowel sounds far more than most or all human languages.
 International Journal of Philosophical Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy publishing original work from both analytic and continental traditions.
 The Urth of the New Sun is a 1987 science fiction novel by Gene Wolfe that serves as a sort of coda to his 4-volume Book of the New Sun series. Like Book it is of the dying earth subgenre. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1988.
 Why Beauty Is Truth: A History of Symmetry is a 2007 book by Ian Stewart.Following the life and work of famous mathematicians from antiquity to the present Stewart traces mathematics' developing handling of the concept of symmetry. One of the very first takeaways established in the preface of this book is that it dispels the idea of the origins of symmetry in geometry as is often the first context in which the term is introduced.
 The Man in Grey by Baroness Orczy author of The Scarlet Pimpernel was first published in 1918. This time Orczy sets the action in post-revolutionary France.The book takes the form of a novel but is divided up into nine inter-connected short stories about the mysterious Man in Grey's adventures in tracking down Royalist criminals for the Government.
 Cactus's Secret (サボテンの秘密 Saboten no Himitsu) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Nana Haruta. The series began serialization in Ribon magazine on December 29 2003 and ended its run on April 30 2005. The individual chapters were collected into four tankōbon volumes by Shueisha; the first on August 11 2004 and the final on October 14 2005. The series has been licensed by Viz Media for an English-language North American release as part of their Shojo Beat imprint.
 Book of the Black Bass - Comprising Its Complete and Scientific and Life History with a Practical Treatise On Angling and Fly Fishing and a Full Description of Tools Tackle and Implements is a work of angling and fly fishing literature on the subject of Black Bass written by James A. Henshall M.D. a mid-western medical doctor and first published in Cincinnati in 1881 by Robert Clarke & Co.
 The Whisper is a novel by British author Emma Clayton. It was published in the United States and the United Kingdom by Chicken House.
 Demon Love Spell (Japanese: あやかし恋絵巻 Hepburn: Ayakashi Koi Emaki) is a manga series by Mayu Shinjo about a shrine maiden that finds herself falling for a demon that feeds off of passion and love. Shinjo initially wrote Demon Love Spell in 2008 as a two part installment manga for Margaret magazine but chose to serialize the series in 2009 due to the story's popularity.
 The Interruption of Everything is a 2005 book written by Terry McMillan.
 Dark Edge (ダーク・エッジ Dāku Ejji) is a horror manga series created by Yu Aikawa. It focuses on a teenage boy Kuro Takagi and the people surrounding him. The story starts shortly after his mother's death.
 The Matlock Mercury is a Weekly newspaper published on a Thursday in the United Kingdom which serves Matlock Darley Dale Wirksworth Bakewell and smaller villages in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire.The Matlock Mercury began life in the late 1940s as Coming Events an entertainments guide published by Ella Smith from her house on Bakewell Road Matlock which remained as the newspaper's home until October 2000 when a new office opened on Firs Parade in the centre of the town.The name Matlock Mercury was adopted in the mid-1950s. 
 The Beloit Daily News is a daily newspaper that has served Beloit Wisconsin and the stateline area since 1848. The newspaper is owned by Duane Hagadone and the Hagadone Newspaper Group.
 Dengeki Hobby Magazine (電撃ホビーマガジン Dengeki Hobī Magajin) is a Japanese magazine published by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks) centering around information relating to plastic models. It first went on sale on November 25 1998. There is a Chinese version published by Ching Win Publishing Taiwan.
 Le Dernier Homme (English: The Last Man) is a French science fantasy novel in the form of a prose poem. Written by Jean-Baptiste Cousin de Grainville and published in 1805 it was the first story of modern speculative fiction to depict the end of the world. Considered a seminal early work of science fantasy specifically of the dying earth subgenre it has been described by Gary K. Wolfe as A crucial document in the early history...
 False Mirrors (Russian: Фальшивые зеркала) is the second novel in the Labyrinth trilogy of cyberpunk novels written by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko. The novel takes place two years after Labyrinth of Reflections and describes the life of a former diver (person able to exit VR at will and see holes in programs) after the diver profession becomes obsolete. Deeptown the virtual city created by Microsoft and IBM moves on and grows to accommodate an ever-changing world.
 4.48 Psychosis is a play by British playwright Sarah Kane. It was her last work first staged at the Royal Court's Jerwood Theatre Upstairs on 23 June 2000 nearly one and a half years after Kane's death on 20 February 1999. The play has no explicit characters or stage directions; this continues the style of her previous production entitled Crave.
 Dust of Dreams is the ninth volume of Canadian author Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series the Malazan Book of the Fallen. It is the first book in the series to end on a cliffhanger dealing with the fallout from Reaper's Gale and forms the first half of the series finale with The Crippled God forming the second half and being the tenth and final novel in the series.
 The Chase is a western novel by author Clive Cussler in November 2007. It introduces us to the main character Isaac Bell. Bell is a tall lean detective who works for the Van Dorn Detective Agency.
 The Testament of Gideon Mack is a novel written by the Scottish author James Robertson first published in 2006. It pays conscious homage to ideas and themes originally explored with powerful effect in the novel The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner (1824) by the Scottish novelist essayist and poet James Hogg.
 All-New X-Factor is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics which debuted in January 2014 as part of the All-New Marvel NOW! event. Focusing on a new iteration of the X-Factor superhero team the series will be written by Peter David and is a follow up to his previous book X-Factor vol. 3 whose incarnation of X-Factor was a private investigation company.
 Artemis Fowl: The Atlantis Complex (known as Artemis Fowl and the Atlantis Complex in Europe) is the seventh book in the Artemis Fowl series. It was published on 20 July 2010 in the United Kingdom and on 3 August 2010 in North America. It was followed by Artemis Fowl: The Last Guardian which was confirmed to be the final book in the Artemis Fowl series.
 Blond Barbarians and Noble Savages is a 1975 collection of essays on the fantasy writers Robert E. Howard and H. P. Lovecraft by science-fiction writer L. Sprague de Camp first published by T-K Graphics. It was reissued in 1986 by Borgo Press as number 2 in its Essays on Fantastic Literature series.
 Aging Cell is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and an official journal of the Anatomical Society. It is published on their behalf by John Wiley & Sons. It was established in 2002 and the editors-in-chief are Peter Adams (University of Glasgow) Adam Antebi (Max Planck Institute for Biology of Ageing) Ana Maria Cuervo (Albert Einstein College of Medicine) Brian Kennedy (Buck Institute for Research on Aging) and John Sedivy (Brown University).
 Akata Witch is a 2011 fantasy novel written by Nnedi Okorafor.
 Heart-Shaped Box (2007) is the debut horror novel of author Joe Hill.
 Red Garden (レッド ガーデン Reddo Gāden) is a Japanese animated television program produced by Gonzo studios and broadcast in Japan on TV Asahi since October 3 2006. The plot revolves around four girls who become involved in a series of supernatural murders happening throughout the vicinity of a fictional depiction of New York City. It combines elements from typical American movie productions like horror drama mystery and musicals.
 Star Ocean: The Second Story (スターオーシャン セカンドストーリー Sutā Ōshan Sekando Sutōrī) is a seven volume manga series written and illustrated by Mayumi Azuma. Based on the tri-Ace role-playing video game Star Ocean: The Second Story it follows the exploits of Claude C. Kenny a young ensign in the Earth Federation who finds himself stranded on the Planet Expel.
 For the usage of the term see heir apparent.Heir Apparent is a science fiction/fantasy novel by young-adult fiction author Vivian Vande Velde about a girl who becomes trapped inside a looping virtual reality role-playing game called Heir Apparent.The same girl appeared as a secondary character in User Unfriendly Vande Velde's earlier book about a game from the same fictional company Rasmussem Inc. She later wrote a third book about this company Deadly Pink.
 The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy & Other Stories is a 1997 poetry book written and illustrated by film director Tim Burton. The poems which are full of black humor tell stories of hybrid kids spontaneous transformers and women who have babies to win over men.Some characters of the book would later appear in the Flash series The World of Stainboy created directed and written by Tim Burton.
 Banned for Life is a novel by American writer D. R. Haney published by And/Or Press in 2009. Primarily set in New York City and Los Angeles the book is a first-person account of a musician-turned-filmmaker's immersion in the punk-rock scene of the 1980s and his subsequent struggles in Hollywood.Haney has said it required nine years to complete the novel which was well received by the underground music press and has been called a cult favorite by the New York Journal of Books.
 Timeline is a science fiction novel by Michael Crichton that was published in November 1999. It tells the story of a group of history students who travel to 14th Century France to rescue their professor. The book follows in Crichton's long history of combining technical details and action in his books addressing quantum and multiverse theory.The novel spawned Timeline Computer Entertainment a computer game developer that created the Timeline PC game published by Eidos Interactive in 2000.
 The Porcupine is a short novel by Julian Barnes originally published in 1992. Before its British release date the book was first published earlier that year in Bulgarian with the title Бодливо свинче (Bodlivo Svinche) by Obsidian of Sofia.
 The Journal of Transport and Land Use is an open access peer-reviewed academic journal covering the interaction of transport and land use that was established in 2008. As of August 2011 it is the official journal of the World Society for Transport and Land Use Research.
 Unleavened Bread is a 1900 novel by American writer Robert Grant and one of the best selling books of that year. It was also adapted into a Broadway play in 1901 directed by Leo Ditrichstein.
 Le Radical ('The Radical') was a French language conservative daily newspaper published from Port Louis Mauritius. The newspaper was founded in 1898 by F. L. Morel who served as its editor-in-chief during its initial period. Le Radical was mainly dedicated to politics. It contained some articles in English. In 1909 a second daily edition was launched.
 Women in Crime Ink is an American daily crime aggregated blog founded on March 10 2008 as a well of thoughts on crime and media issues from women criminal justice professionals and authors. The site offers original content and coverage of crime media books literature high-profile criminal cases and crime news.
 I The Jury (1947) is Mickey Spillane's debut novel featuring private investigator Mike Hammer.
 The Message in the Hollow Oak is the twelfth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene and first published in 1935.
 Mekanix is a six issue comic book limited series published in 2002-2003 by Marvel Comics written by Chris Claremont pencilled by Juan Bobillo and inked by Marcelo Sosa.
 The Sorcerer’s Apprentice is a novel by François Augiéras. First published in France in 1964 as L'apprenti sorcier it was translated into English by Sue Dyson in 2001 and published by Pushkin Press.
 Fire in the Steppe (Polish: Pan Wołodyjowski; also translated into English as Sir Michael and Colonel Wolodyjowski; literally Sir Wołodyjowski) is a historical novel by the Polish author Henryk Sienkiewicz published in 1888. It is the third volume in a series known to Poles as The Trilogy preceded by With Fire and Sword (Ogniem i mieczem 1884) and The Deluge (Potop 1886). The novel's protagonist is Michał Wołodyjowski.
 Grappler Baki (グラップラー刃牙 Gurappurā Baki) or Baki the Grappler is a manga series written and illustrated by Keisuke Itagaki. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion from 1991 to 1999 and collected into 42 tankōbon volumes. It was followed by two sequel series; Baki (バキ Baki) which was serialized from 1999 to 2005 and collected into 31 volumes and Baki Hanma (範馬刃牙 Hanma Baki) which was serialized from 2005 to 2012 and collected into 37 volumes.
 The Masked Rider: Cycling in West Africa (ISBN 1550226673) is a 1996 non-fiction book written by Rush drummer Neil Peart about his bicycling travel through the African country of Cameroon.
 Broken is a fantasy novel by written by Kelley Armstrong. It is the sixth in her Women of the Otherworld series and has the return of Elena Michaels as narrator.
 The Toronto Standard is an English language digital newspaper based in Toronto Ontario Canada. It was launched in 2010 to cover urban affairs business technology culture and design. The company produces its own video content; its 'Made In Toronto' video series has won awards for its quality.[citation needed]The same name was used for a daily newspaper established in 1848.
 ...And Ladies of the Club is a novel written by Helen Hooven Santmyer about a group of women in the fictional town of Waynesboro Ohio who begin a study club which evolves through the years into a significant community service organization in the town.The book which looks at the club as it changes throughout the years spans decades in the lives of the women involved in the club between 1868 and 1932.
 This article is about the Colombian magazine. For the Japanese arcade game magazine see Monthly Arcadia.Arcadia is a Colombian-based monthly magazine.
 Christie’s World Encyclopedia of Champagne & Sparkling Wine is an encyclopedia written by Tom Stevenson published by Absolute Press which is devoted to subjects relating to Champagne and sparkling wine. The foreword is written by Michael Broadbent.
 Arrows in the Dark: David Ben-Gurion the Yishuv Leadership and Rescue Attempts during the Holocaust is a book by Israeli historian Tuvia Friling dealing with the attitude toward the Holocaust of the leadership of the Yishuv the Jewish community in Palestine that existed before the establishment of the State of Israel in May 1948. The book examines the leadership's attempts to rescue European Jews who were under threat and the controversy that surrounds those efforts.
 The Woman in Black is a 1987 stage play adapted by Stephen Mallatratt. The play is based on the book of the same name which was written in 1983 by Susan Hill. It is notable for only having two actors perform the whole play. It was first performed at the Stephen Joseph Theatre in Scarborough in 1987. The production opened in London's West End in 1989 and is still being performed there becoming the second longest-running non-musical play in the history of the West End after The Mousetrap.
 Son of the Morning Star is a 1984 non-fiction book written by Evan S. Connell on the subject of General George Armstrong Custer with the subtitle 'Custer and the Little Bighorn'. A 1991 television film was based on the book. Both the book and the film chronicle the Battle of the Little Bighorn the personalities involved and the events leading up to and following it. Connell prior to the book's publication had written mostly fiction.
 NOiSE (ノイズ Noizu) is a one volume manga created by Tsutomu Nihei as a prequel to his ten-volume work Blame!. Noise offers some information concerning the Megastructure's origins and initial size as well as the origins of Silicon life. The book also includes Blame a one-shot prototype for Blame! which originally debuted in 1995.
 Harmony: A New Way of Looking at Our World is 2010 book written by The Prince of Wales with Tony Juniper and Ian Skelly. The book focuses on the world's environment which includes climate change architecture and agriculture which the Prince of Wales usually addresses.
 The Last Sitting is a book and photo shoot of Marilyn Monroe by photographer Bert Stern. The photo shoot was commissioned by Vogue magazine in late June 1962 taking place over three daily sessions just six weeks before she died.Bert Stern first published The Last Sitting in 1982. The book included a large number of the over 2500 images that Stern had shot including contact sheets with images Monroe had disliked and crossed out.
 Dark Rivers of the Heart is a novel by Dean Koontz published in 1994.
 Global Social Policy is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of social policy especially its transnational aspects. The editors-in-chief are Gerard Boychuk (Balsillie School of International Affairs) Rianne Mahon (Balsillie School of International Affairs) and Stephen McBride (McMaster University). It was established in 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Blood Shot (marketed under the title Toxic Shock in the United Kingdom) published in New York in 1988 is the fifth in a series of novels by Sara Paretsky featuring her character V. I. Warshawski a hard-boiled female private investigator.
 Make Your Own Damn Movie is both a book and a DVD set about Troma Entertainment and independent film in general.
 My Favorite Carrera (彼女のカレラ Kanojo no Karera) is a manga by Kia Asamiya. It was serialized on Weekly Playboy since 2004 then switched to the related website Shū Play News in 2011 and is currently running in Gentosha's Comic Birz since 2013 as Kanojo no Karera RS.
 The Southern Literary Messenger was a periodical published in Richmond Virginia from 1834 until June 1864. Each issue carried a subtitle of Devoted to Every Department of Literature and the Fine Arts or some variation and included poetry fiction non-fiction reviews and historical notes. It was founded by Thomas Willis White who served as publisher and occasional editor until his death in 1843. White hired Edgar Allan Poe in 1835 as a staff writer and critic.
 Buzz was an A3 (broadsheet) British comic that ran from (issues dates) 20 January 1973 to 4 January 1975 when it merged with The Topper. Buzz ran for 103 Issues.
 The Heroic Age is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1999 that covers Northwestern Europe during the early medieval period (from the early 4th through 13th centuries). The journal seeks to foster dialogue across ethnic and disciplinary boundaries including—but not limited to—history archaeology and literature pertaining to the period.
 Batavia's Graveyard: The True Story of the Mad Heretic Who Led History's Bloodiest Mutiny (2002) is a book by Welsh author Mike Dash about the Dutch ship Batavia shipwrecked in 1629 on a small island in the Houtman Abrolhos atoll off the western shore of Australia.The book retells the story of one of the largest mutinies in history led by one of the ship's officers Jeronimus Cornelisz who eventually oversaw the murder of at least 110 people.
 The Oxford Murders (Spanish: Crímenes imperceptibles; Imperceptible Crimes) is a novel by the Argentine author Guillermo Martínez first published in 2003. There is a 2005 translation by Sonia Soto.The story tells about a professor of logic who along with a graduate student investigates a series of bizarre mathematically-based murders in Oxford England.
 Psychiatric Services (abbreviated Psych Serv) is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing research on psychiatry. It is published monthly by American Psychiatric Association (APA) and is edited by Howard H. Goldman. The journal was founded in 1950 by Daniel Blain APA’s first medical director as the A.P.A. Mental Hospital Service Bulletin.
 Todd the Dinosaur written and drawn by Patrick Roberts is a cartoon strip about a 7 year old Tyrannosaurus attending elementary school. Being only second graders his classmates accept Todd as they would anyone else. The strip first appeared in 2001 in The Oklahoman and is published by King Features Syndicate. It has also appeared in Record-Journal Herald News and San Francisco Chronicle. It participated in the second Earth Day comic event of King Features.
 Jinnah: India-Partition-Independence is a book written by Jaswant Singh a former Finance Minister of India and an External Affairs Minister on Pakistan's founder Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah and the politics associated with the partition of British India.
 False Scent is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-first novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1960. The plot concerns the murder of an aging stage actress and continues Marsh's fascination with the theater and with acting.
 Arredol (English: Around; Spanish: Alrededor) is an electronic newspaper of general information in Aragonese language. This newspaper born on 19 September 2011 with a drawing of three is the first means of communication written entirely in Aragon.
 The Pendle Express is a weekly newspaper published every Tuesday for readers in the borough of Pendle east Lancashire.
 Both Your Houses is a 1933 play written by American playwright Maxwell Anderson. It was produced by the Theatre Guild and staged by Worthington Miner with scenic design by Arthur P. Segal. It opened at the Royale Theatre on March 5 1933 and ran for 72 performances closing May 6 1933. It was awarded the 1933 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1932-1933.
 The Third Eye is a 1991 novel for young adults by Lois Duncan. It is a supernatural/suspense novel which tells the story of a girl with a psychic gift. In the United Kingdom the book was re-titled The Eyes Of Karen Connors.
 The Damnation of Theron Ware (published in England as Illumination) is an 1896 novel by American author Harold Frederic. It is widely considered a classic of American literature by scholars and critics though the common reader often has not heard of it. The novel reveals a great deal about early 20th century provincial America religious life and the depressed state of intellectual and artistic culture in small towns.
 This article is about the book. For the actual events see Bravo Two Zero. For the film see Bravo Two Zero (film) Bravo Two Zero is a 1993 book written under the pseudonym 'Andy McNab'. The book recounts the story of an SAS patrol behind enemy lines in Iraq in 1991 which was led by the author and included another writer 'Chris Ryan'.
 Island is the final book by English writer Aldous Huxley published in 1962. It is the account of Will Farnaby a cynical journalist who is shipwrecked on the fictional island of Pala. Island is Huxley's utopian counterpart to his most famous work the 1932 novel Brave New World itself often paired with George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four.
 Amuri in Star Ocean (星の海のアムリ Hoshi no Umi no Amuri) is a three-part CGI animated OVA by Studio Hibari written and directed by Yoshitomo Yonetani with character designs by MA@YA. The soundtrack was composed by Mina Kubota and the theme song Ya-chaouyo! was composed by Dance Man.A manga illustrated by Shinya Inase started serialization in the shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Daioh on November 21 2007. One volume compiling the chapter was published by ASCII Media Works on January 27 2009.
 odatv.com is a Turkish news website. It was founded in 2007 by Soner Yalçın and Cüneyt Özdemir; Özdemir soon left after a difference of opinion. It was described in 2012 by the Committee to Protect Journalists as an ultranationalist website harshly critical of the government. Since early 2011 it is the centre of the Odatv case of the Ergenekon trials with Odatv accused of being the media arm of the Ergenekon organization.
 Telugu Naadi is a Telugu magazine published in the United States for the Telugu-speaking population. Telugu Naadi ISSN 1559-7008 is a general-interest monthly magazine and features the latest on Telugu politics culture films and literature both in India and the United States.
 The Lansing State Journal is a daily newspaper published in Lansing Michigan owned by Gannett.
 The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove is the fifth novel by author Christopher Moore published in 1999. It is set in the same fictional town of Pine Cove California as his first novel Practical Demonkeeping and also brings back some of the same characters.
 The Pigman & Me is an autobiography by Paul Zindel first published in 1990 by Bantam Starfire. The book is considered an unofficial triquel to the 1968 fiction bestseller The Pigman and is part of The Pigman series of books.
 Tygodnik Solidarność was a Polish weekly magazine. Started and published by the Solidarity movement on 3 April 1981 it was banned by the People's Republic of Poland following the martial law declaration from 13 December 1981 and the thaw of 1989. It was legalized in June 1989 after the Polish legislative elections 1989.
 The Cambridge Dictionary of Philosophy is a dictionary of philosophy published by Cambridge University Press and edited by Robert Audi. The dictionary having been in publication since 1995 is now in its second edition. There are 28 members on the Board of Editorial Advisors and 440 contributors.
 Dial M For Monkey is a collection of 20 short stories and flash fiction by Adam Maxwell first published in 2006.Maxwell's writing has been described in the press as a ‘Chandler-esque hard-boiled cocktail stirred with equal parts humour mystery gut-wrenching realism and trademark minimalism’ ‘weird wonderful twisted and witty’ and even ‘almost Fawlty Towers’.
 Cuss Control: The Complete Book on How to Curb Your Cursing is a self-help book on how to curb swearing written by James V. O'Connor in 2000. O'Connor who also founded the Cuss Control Academy of Northbrook Illinois in 1998 has gained a reputation as a swearing expert and the book has been featured and reviewed in hundreds of media outlets including TIME Magazine The Oprah Winfrey Show The New York Times The View and The O'Reilly Factor.
 The Mandrake (Italian: La Mandragola) is a satirical play by Italian Renaissance philosopher Niccolò Machiavelli. Although the five-act comedy was published in 1524 and first performed in the carnival season of 1526 Machiavelli likely wrote The Mandrake in 1518 as a distraction from his bitterness at having been excluded from the diplomatic and political life of Florence following the 1512 reversion to Medici rule.
 Youth in Revolt: The Journals of Nick Twisp is a 1993 epistolary novel by C. D. Payne. The story is told in a picaresque fashion and makes heavy use of black humor and camp. The book contains parts one through three of a six-part series (the three sequential parts were published as three separate books).
 Glory Season is a 1993 science fiction novel by David Brin. It was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1994. An announcement in the back of one edition of Earth is for a novel titled Stratos to be released in Spring of 1992. It seems likely that this was delayed and renamed Glory Season.
 Hibiki's Magic (ヒビキのマホウ Hibiki no Mahō) subtitled a continental chronicle in the original version is a Japanese manga series written by Jun Maeda and illustrated by Rei Izumi. The story centers on a young girl named Hibiki who is the apprentice to a very skilled wizard named Shirotsuki. Hibiki does not have much skill with magic and the only thing she is really good at is making tea.
 Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love (ISBN 9780992351205) is Antonella Gambotto-Burke's first book about parenthood and sixth work. The foreword was written by French obstetrician and academic Michel Odent. Dealing with the issue of attachment on levels ranging from the cultural to maternal-infant Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love features essays about Gambotto-Burke's experiences of motherhood and long-form interviews.
 Picture This is a 1988 novel from Joseph Heller the satiric author of the acclaimed Catch-22.The novel is an eclectic historical journey across three periods of history all connected by a single painting: Rembrandt van Rijn's Aristotle Contemplating a Bust of Homer.
 Sebastian Darke: Prince of Explorers is a fantasy novel by Philip Caveney. It is the third (and final) book in the Sebastian Darke trilogy. The story continues on from the previous where Sebastian Cornelius and Max are hired by a man called Thaddius Peel to explore the jungles of Mendip for a supposed hidden city. The book starts out with the three heroes' perilous journey through the jungle.
 The Face in the Abyss is a fantasy novel by A. Merritt. The novel is composed of a novelette with the same title and its sequel The Snake Mother. It was first published in its complete form in 1931 by Horace Liveright. The novelette The Face in the Abyss originally appeared in the magazine Argosy All-Story Weekly in the September 8 1923 issue. The Snake Mother was originally serialized in seven parts in Argosy beginning with the October 25 1930 issue.
 Arguably: Essays is a 2011 book by Christopher Hitchens comprising 107 essays on a variety of political and cultural topics. These essays were previously published in The Atlantic City Journal Foreign Affairs The Guardian Newsweek New Statesman The New York Times Book Review Slate Times Literary Supplement The Wall Street Journal The Weekly Standard The Wilson Quarterly and Vanity Fair.
 Journals is a collection of writings and drawings by Kurt Cobain lead singer and guitarist of the grunge band Nirvana. Though the content is undated it is arranged in an approximation of chronological order starting with a letter Cobain wrote to Dale Crover in 1988 and ending with a rant about an interview between Sylvester Stallone and Larry King that he wrote perhaps during his final trip to Rome in 1994 (the notepaper is labelled Hotel Excelsior - Roma).
 Avatar is a novel by John Passarella set in the fictional universe of the U.S. television series Angel.
 TV Sorrisi e Canzoni is an Italian weekly listings magazine and is the most sold weekly in Italy.Based in Segrate Milan Italy it is published by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore the biggest Italian publishing company.
 Not a Box is a children's book by Antoinette Portis.It is graded for Newborn to 6 years old.It won a 2007 Theodor Seuss Geisel Award Honor and a 2008 Donna Norvell Award.
 Fat Farm is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror. Card originally published this story in the January 1980 issue of Omni magazine.
 Rogue Planet is a 2000 novel set in the Star Wars galaxy. It is a prequel novel occurring after the events of Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace. The book was written by Greg Bear. The cover art was by David Stevenson. The book takes place 29 years before Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope
 The Krakow Post is an English-language newspaper based in Krakow Poland. Owned by Lifeboat Limited since 2008 the monthly newspaper covers local and national news politics culture business sports and human interest stories.
 The Yorkshire Evening Post (often abbreviated to YEP) is a daily evening publication (delivered to newsagents every morning) published by Yorkshire Post Newspapers Ltd in Leeds West Yorkshire England.
 The Looney: An Irish Fantasy is a comic novel by Spike Milligan. It was first published in 1987 with the paperback edition in 1988. It is his second full-length original novel.
 Tekkonkinkreet (鉄コン筋クリート Tekkonkinkurīto a child's mispronunciation of Tekkin Konkurito (steel reinforced concrete) is a three-volume seinen manga series by Taiyō Matsumoto which was originally serialized from 1993 to 1994 in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits and first published in English as Tekkonkinkreet: Black & White. It was adapted into a 2006 feature-length Japanese anime film of the same name directed by Michael Arias and animated by Studio 4°C.
 Love Poverty and War: Journeys and Essays is a collection of essays and reportage by author journalist and literary critic Christopher Hitchens.
 Kyō no Asuka Show (今日のあすかショー) is a Japanese manga series by Taishi Mori. A 20-episode 3-minute web anime series adaptation was released online between August 2012 and January 2013.
 Dan Doh!! (ダンドー Dandō) is a Japanese shōnen sports manga written by Nobuhiro Sakata and illustrated by Daichi Banjou. The story has been adapted into an anime series that first aired on April 3 2004 in Japan.
 Knives in the Night (ISBN 0-8041-0001-2) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books. It is the first novel in Sherman's Night Fighter Series and Mr. Sherman's first published book.
 The Financial Gazette is a weekly English language newspaper published in Zimbabwe. The paper established in 1969 focuses on business finance and politics throughout Southern Africa. Headquartered in Harare the paper also maintains a bureau in Bulawayo. Its slogan is Southern Africa's Leading Business and Financial Newspaper.
 Bo Knows Bo is the autobiography of Bo Jackson who excelled in both professional football and professional baseball before injuries ended his careers.Co-authored with Dick Schaap Bo Knows Bo covers Bo Jackson's life from his childhood in Bessemer Alabama to the peak of his athletic abilities in 1990. Late in 1990 Jackson suffered a hip dislocation injury that ended his NFL career and eventually led to the end of his MLB career also.
 Mr. Monk is Cleaned Out is the tenth novel written by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk. It was published on July 6 2010. Like the other novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger Monk's assistant.
 The Psychologist-Manager Journal (print ISSN 1088-7156 online ISSN 1550-3461) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal founded in 1997 by the Society of Psychologists in Management. The journal is published by the American Psychological Association. It is conceptualized as a hybrid between a journal and a professional guide to good managerial practice and directed at the practicing psychologist-manager. The journal has several areas to which manuscripts may be submitted.
 Salam Toronto (Persian: سلام تورنتو‎) is the first Persian-English bilingual weekly publication in North America freely distributed and provided to community members living in southern Ontario.In publication since October 2000 Salam Toronto earned the distinction of being the first and only ethnic publication to be elected as a board member of Ontario Community Newspapers Association (OCNA).
 In the Cahiers de l'Institut de Linguistique de Louvain linguistics are seen in the most elaborated way including traditional and contemporary problematics. A special reference is made to the borders of linguistics: anthropology psychoanalysis psychology sociology etc. The journal appears in volumes of about 400 pages.
 Story was a magazine founded in 1931 by journalist-editor Whit Burnett and his first wife Martha Foley in Vienna Austria. Showcasing short stories by new authors 67 copies of the debut issue (April–May 1931) were mimeographed in Vienna and two years later Story moved to New York City where Burnett and Foley created The Story Press in 1936.By the late 1930s the circulation of Story had climbed to 21000 copies.
 Patma-Banasirakan Handes (Armenian: Պատմա-Բանասիրական Հանդես; Russian: Историко-филологический журнал Historical-Philological Journal) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Armenian Academy of Sciences. It covers research on Armenian history (particularly material related to the ancient and medieval periods) art history literature and linguistics.
 Mathilukal (Malayalam: മതിലുകൾ meaning Walls) is a Malayalam novel written by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer in 1965. It is one of the most cherished and well-known love stories in Malayalam. Its hero Basheer himself and heroine Narayani never meet yet they love each other passionately. Despite being imprisoned and separated by a huge wall that divides their prisons the two romance each other.
 Gear was an American lad's mag published by Bob Guccione Jr. devoted chiefly to revealing pictorials of popular singers B-movie actresses and models along with articles on gadgets cars fashion guy tales of sex and sports.Gear debuted in September 1998 with actress Peta Wilson on the cover. The magazine established itself with several publishing stunts such as publishing a nude photo of Women's football celebrity Brandi Chastain.
 Health and Human Rights is a biannual peer-reviewed public health journal that was established in 1994. It covers research on the conceptual foundations of human rights and social justice in relation to health. The founding editor-in-chief was Jonathan Mann who was succeeded by Sofia Gruskin in 1997. Since 2007 the journal is edited by Paul Farmer.
 The Central European Journal of Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal which is co-published by Versita and Springer Science+Business Media. The founding editor-in-chief was Janos Lendvai (Eötvös Loránd University Budapest) who was succeeded in 2004 by Vladimir E. Zakharov (University of Arizona and Lebedev Physical Institute) and in 2011 by Jonathan L. Feng (University of California Irvine). The journal covers research in all fields of physics.
 Swag is a crime novel by Elmore Leonard first published as a paperback in 1976 and since also released as a large print hardcover and as an audio recording. Some paperback editions including the first American edition were published under the alternative title of Ryan's Rules.Ernest Stickley Jr. reappears in Stick.
 My Master is an English book combined from two lectures delivered by Swami Vivekananda in New York and England in 1901.In the lecture Vivekananda clearly told if there was even a single word of truth a single word of spirituality in his lectures he owed it to his Master — Ramakrishna only the mistakes were his own.
 An Answer from the Silence (German: Antwort aus der Stille) is a 1937 novel by the Swiss writer Max Frisch. It tells the story of a young man who escapes to the Swiss Alps ten days before his wedding. The book has the subtitle A Story from the Mountains (Eine Erzählung aus den Bergen).
 Fat City is a novel by Leonard Gardner published in 1969. Though the only novel he published its prestige has grown considerably since its publication to critical acclaim from the likes of Joan Didion and Walker Percy among others. The book is widely considered a classic of boxing fiction.
 Cumhuriyet (English: The Republic) is a centre-left Turkish daily newspaper founded on 7 May 1924 by journalist Yunus Nadi Abalıoğlu. Based in Istanbul it has been situated since 17 October 2005 in Şişli. Cumhuriyet was the last newspaper to leave the old press district Cağaloğlu. It has also offices in Ankara and İzmir.
 ST Action was a video game magazine published in the UK during the late 1980s and early 1990s that covered the Atari ST platform. Some coverage was also given to the Atari Lynx and Atari Jaguar in the later stages of its life although this was limited to the news section.ST Action was launched in April 1988 by Gollner Publishing Ltd. becoming the first dedicated games magazine for the 16-bit Atari platform.
 Pravda (Serbian Cyrillic: Правда which means Justice) was a daily tabloid newspaper published in Belgrade Serbia.
 Stock Car Racing Magazine (SCR) was founded in the U.S. in May 1966The monthly magazine has recently ceased publication. As of April 2009 the website is still active.
 The Cornell Journal of Law and Public Policy (JLPP) is a law review published by students at Cornell Law School First published in July 1992 JLPP publishes articles commentaries book reviews and student notes that explore the intersections of law government public policy and the social sciences with a focus on current domestic issues and their implications.JLPP accepts and solicits manuscripts written by members of the academic and professional community.
 Catullus 64 is an epyllion or little epic poem written by Catullus. Catullus' longest poem it retains his famed linguistic witticisms while expressing an appropriately epic tone.Though ostensibly concerning itself with the marriage of Peleus and the sea-nymph Thetis (parents of the famed Greek hero Achilles) a sizeable portion of the poem's lines are devoted to the desertion of Ariadne by the legendary Theseus.
 SLUG - an acronym for SaltLakeUnderGround is a monthly magazine based out of Salt Lake City Utah. SLUG is one of the oldest independent magazines in the nation that continues to publish regularly.[citation needed] SLUG is a free publication that covers local and national music as well as action sports.Today SLUG distributes 30000 issues monthly throughout Utah and several surrounding states. SLUG is available on every college campus in Utah except BYU.
 Amy is the title of a comic strip created by Harry Mace in 1962. Mace was later joined on the strip by Jack Tippit and left it himself in 1965. Tippit continued alone on the strip until the strip ended in 1991. Tippit received the National Cartoonists Society Newspaper Panel Cartoon Award for the strip for 1970.
 The New Girlfriend and Other Stories is a short story collection by British writer Ruth Rendell. The title story won the MWA Edgar Award for Best Short Story of the Year.
 The Full Monty is a comedy play written by Simon Beaufoy from his original screenplay for the 1997 film The Full Monty. It made its world premiere at the Lyceum Theatre in February 2013 before touring the United Kingdom. A West End production was launched at the Noël Coward Theatre in February 2014. A further tour will commence in September 2014.The play features music by Tom Jones Hot Chocolate and James Brown.
 The Casebook of Solar Pons is a collection of detective fiction short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1965 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 3020 copies.
 Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister is a novel by Gregory Maguire retelling the tale of Cinderella through the eyes of one of her ugly stepsisters. In 2002 the book was adapted into a TV movie of the same name directed by Gavin Millar.
 The Day We Had Hitler Home is a 2000 novel by the Australian author Rodney Hall.
 Riceyman Steps is a novel by British novelist Arnold Bennett first published in 1923 and winner of that year's James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction.
 La Fanfarlo is a work by French poet Charles Baudelaire first published in January 1847. It is notable for being the only prose work that he wrote. The novella describes a fictionalised account of the writer's love affair with a dancer Jeanne Duval.Irish literary critic Enid Starkie known for her biographical works on French poets said about La Fanfarlo:This work marked the last bust of energy in Baudelaire for a long time and his zest for work faded as suddenly as it had begun.
 The Sickness Unto Death (Danish Sygdommen til Døden) is a book written by Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard in 1849 under the pseudonym Anti-Climacus. A work of Christian existentialism the book is about Kierkegaard's concept of despair which he equates with the Christian concept of sin particularly original sin.
 The Book of Khalid (1911) is a novel by Arab-American writer Ameen Rihani. Composed during a sojourn in the mountains of Lebanon it is considered to be the first novel by an Arab-American writer in English. His contemporary Khalil Gibran illustrated the work and the story is often seen as an influence on Gibran's own well-known book The Prophet.
 The Sorrows of an American is Siri Hustvedt's fourth novel. It was first published in 2008 and is about a Norwegian American family and their troubles.
 Expert Opinion on Drug Delivery is a peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles covering all aspects of drug delivery research from initial concept to potential therapeutic application and final relevance in clinical use.Each article is structured to incorporate the author’s own expert opinion on the scope for future development.The audience consists of scientists and managers in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry academic pharmaceutical scientists and others closely involved in the delivery of drugs and other therapeutic agentsThe Journal is published by Informa Healthcare. 
 This Is Africa is an English-language bi-monthly business publication owned by The Financial Times Ltd and edited in London. It examines African business and politics in a global context and seeks to make sense of the relationships that Africa is building with the rest of the world.
 The Notebook is a 1996 romantic novel by American novelist Nicholas Sparks based on a true story. The novel was later adapted into a popular film of the same name in 2004. The Indian Bollywood film Zindagi Tere Naam starring Mithun Chakraborty is also based on it.
 New Humanist is a quarterly magazine published by the Rationalist Association in the UK that focuses on culture news philosophy and science from a sceptical perspective. It has been in print for 125 years; starting out life as Watts's Literary Guide founded by C. A. Watts in November 1885.
 Jenny Sparks: The Secret History of the Authority is a five-issue comic book limited series published in 2000 by DC Comics under the Wildstorm imprint written by Mark Millar with pencils by John McCrea.
 Compositio Mathematica is a bimonthly peer-reviewed mathematics journal established by L.E.J. Brouwer in 1935. It is published by Cambridge University Press. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.187 ranking it 26th out of 288 journals in the category Mathematics. Since 2004 the journal has been published by Cambridge University Press in cooperation with the London Mathematical Society.The editors-in-chief are E.M.
 Architecture Today is a British architecture magazine founded in 1989. It is published monthly and is available free-of-charge to architects via controlled circulation subscriptions.The main magazine is accompanied by occasional supplements; EcoTech covering sustainable design; and the AT Handbook.
 A Good Clean Fight is a 1993 novel by Derek Robinson and a sequel to Piece of Cake (1983) his famous and controversial novel of the Battle of Britain. It continues the story of RAF Hornet Squadron now posted to North Africa in 1942 during a lull in the fighting. Some of the characters from the previous novel such as Squadron Leader Fanny Barton and erudite but iconoclastic intelligence officer Skull Skelton reprise their roles.
 Kane and Abel is a 1979 novel by British author Jeffrey Archer. The title and story is a play on the Biblical brothers Cain and Abel.Released in the United Kingdom in 1979 and in the United States in February 1980 the book was an international success. It reached No.
 The Logic of Life: The Rational Economics of an Irrational World (ISBN 978-1-4000-6642-1) is a book by Tim Harford published in 2008 by Random House. Harford argues that rational behavior is more widespread than expected in the larger population. He uses economic principles to draw forth the rational elements of supposedly illogical behaviors to illustrate his point.
 Mobile Computing and Communications Review (MC2R) is a peer-reviewed quarterly scientific journal and newsletter published by the ACM SIGMOBILE covering mobile computing and networking. The purpose of the journal is the rapid publication of completed or in-progress technical work including articles dealing with both research and practice. The journal also covers the status of major international standards in the field and news of conferences and other events.
 Evolutionary Anthropology is a review journal of anthropology. The journal also includes reviews of relevant new books letters to the editor and educational material for classroom teaching on evolutionary anthropology.
 Questions Internationales (French for International Issues) is a bimonthly French magazine founded in 2003 and published by La Documentation française. It offers didactic analysis on various subjects of international relations and foreign affairs encompassing global politics economics European integration and transnational problems. Questions Internationales is popular among students scholars diplomats and teachers as well as among a large public.
 Destiny is a South African monthly magazine published by Ndalo Media which was founded by Khanyi Dhlomo in partnership with Media24 (under Naspers) it has been a monthly magazine since October 2007. It describes itself as a business and lifestyle magazine for women.
 Supermarket is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Brian Wood and illustrated by Kristian Donaldson. It was published by IDW Publishing in 2006.
 The Twilight of the Grey Gods also known as The Grey God Passes is a short story by Robert E. Howard that blends history and fantasy. Published posthumously in 1972 the first appearance of the story was in a collection titled Dark Mind Dark Heart edited by August Derleth.The tale is a fictionalized version of the Battle of Clontarf recast in Howard's views with doomful vision and fantasy elements.
 Out of Oz is the fourth and final novel in Gregory Maguire's The Wicked Years and was released on November 1 2011. Out of Oz brings a conclusion to the narratives spread across The Wicked Years while providing a revisionist look at L. Frank Baum's Land of Oz incorporating elements from Baum's series as well as the 1939 film adaption of the original novel.
 For the Audrey Hepburn film of the same title see The Secret People (film).The Secret People (1935) is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham. It is set in 1964 and features a British couple who find themselves held captive by an ancient race of pygmies dwelling beneath the Sahara desert. The novel was written under Wyndham's early pen name John Beynon.
 InStyle published by IPC Media is a monthly glossy magazine focusing on celebrities and their style. The British edition launched in 2001 following the success of the magazine in the US. The current editor is Trish Halpin who commenced the position in September 2006.
 Shadow Lady (シャドウレディ Shadō Redi) is a manga series written and illustrated by Masakazu Katsura. It was canceled partway through its run resulting in the severe compression of a new story arc and a finale.
 Catching Fire: How Cooking Made Us Human (2009) is a book by British primatologist Richard Wrangham published by Profile Books in England and Basic Books in the USA. It argues the hypothesis that cooking food was an essential element in the physiological evolution of human beings. It was shortlisted for the 2010 Samuel Johnson Prize.
 The Black Rose is a 1945 historical novel by Thomas B. Costain. It is a fictional story set in the 13th century about a young Saxon who journeys to the far-away land of Cathay in search of fortune. Included in this narrative are several notable figures: Roger Bacon Bayan Hundred Eyes Edward I of England and his consort Eleanor of Castile.Five years after its publication 20th Century-Fox adapted it into a film of the same name starring Orson Welles Tyrone Power and Cécile Aubry.
 Stellar Magazine (stylised as STELLAR MAGAZINE) is a glossy Irish lifestyle and fashion magazine targeted at female readers in the age group of eighteen to thirty-four. It is part of the VIP publishing franchise of Michael O'Doherty. Stellar was launched on 15 October 2008 as the second of O'Doherty's solo business ventures following the publication of the teenage-oriented advice magazine Kiss which was launched on 31 October 2002.
 The Sandusky Register is a daily newspaper serving the Sandusky Ohio/Lake Erie Islands area. It is considered the paper of record for the entire region.
 The Pen-Pictures of Modern Africans and African Celebrities is a prosopography or collective biography of prominent (Euro-)African families on what was then the British Gold Coast written by the prominent Gold Coast African Charles Francis Hutchison around 1929. The document remains an important source for scientific research on the history of the colony and was for this purpose republished in an annotated scholarly edition by Michel Doortmont of the University of Groningen in 2004.
 The Bacchae (Ancient Greek: Βάκχαι Bakchai; also known as The Bacchantes) is an ancient Greek tragedy by the Athenian playwright Euripides during his final years in Macedonia at the court of Archelaus I of Macedon. It premièred posthumously at the Theatre of Dionysus in 405 BC as part of a tetralogy that also included Iphigeneia at Aulis and Alcmaeon in Corinth and which Euripides' son or nephew probably directed.
 Jarlsberg Avis is a local newspaper published in Holmestrand Norway. It was established in 1843.It has a circulation of 3647 of whom 3499 are subscribers.Jarlsberg Avis is owned by Østlands-Posten which in turn is owned 100% by A-pressen.
 The Journal of Cases in Educational Leadership is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of education administration. The editor-in-chief is Richard Fossey (University of North Texas). It was established in 1998 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with University Council for Educational Administration.
 Saurians: Unnatural Selection was an American comic book mini-series published by CrossGen Entertainment from February to March 2002. It was set in the Sigilverse CrossGen's shared universe and was a spin-off of the company's ongoing title Sigil although the events of the miniseries take place several years earlier.
 The New Easy to Master Dungeons & Dragons Game is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1991.
 A Scattered Life is a 2010 novel written by American author Karen McQuestion and published by AmazonEncore a division of Amazon Publishing. Originally released solely as an e-book for Amazon's Kindle the novel is notable for being the first self-published Kindle book optioned for film.
 Through Gates of Splendor is a 1957 best selling book written by Elisabeth Elliot. The book tells the story of Operation Auca an attempt by five American missionaries - Jim Elliot (the author's husband) Pete Fleming Ed McCully Nate Saint and Roger Youderian - to reach the Huaorani tribe of eastern Ecuador. All five of the men were killed by the tribe.
 The Troublesome Offspring of Cardinal Guzman is a novel by Louis de Bernières first published in 1992. It is the last of his Latin American trilogy following on from The War of Don Emmanuel's Nether Parts and Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord.
 The Pitch is a free alternative weekly newspaper distributed in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area including Lawrence and Topeka Kansas. While known for its investigative stories of the local government it also covers local sports stories restaurants events and concerts.It was started in July 1980 as the Penny Pitch which was a monthly handout at Penny Lane Record Shop in the Westport area of Kansas City.Village Voice Media bought The Pitch in 1999.
 Star Wars Comic is a British comic published monthly by Titan Magazines. It previously featured comic strips reprinted from Star Wars graphic novels but now contains all-original content.
 Shamans: Siberian Spirituality and the Western Imagination is a historical study of how westerners have viewed the shamans of Siberia. It was written by the English historian Ronald Hutton then working at the University of Bristol and first published by Hambledon and London in 2001. Prior to writing Shamans Hutton had authored a series of books on such subjects as Early Modern Britain pre-Christian religion British folklore and Contemporary Paganism.The book is divided into three sections.
 Bee Season is a 2000 novel by Myla Goldberg. It follows a young girl as she attempts to win the national spelling bee and the repercussions of her success on the other members of her family.
 Crow's First Lesson is a poem written by Ted Hughes in 1970.
 Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences (French: Revue Canadienne des Sciences de l'Administration) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Administrative Sciences Association of Canada. As of 2012 the editor-in-chief is Vishwanath V. Baba (McMaster University). The journal publishes articles in both English and French in all key disciplines of business.
 Kinnikuman (Japanese: キン肉マン lit. Muscleman) is a manga series created by the duo Yoshinori Nakai and Takashi Shimada known as Yudetamago. It follows Suguru Kinniku a superhero who must win a wrestling tournament to retain the title of prince of Planet Kinniku.
 The Hollow Man is a famous locked room mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) published in 1935. It was published in the US under the title The Three Coffins and in 1981 was selected as the best locked room mystery of all time by a panel of 17 mystery authors and reviewers.
 The World's Most Dangerous Places is handbook of survival tactics for high-risk regions first published in 1994 written by National Geographic Adventure columnist Robert Young Pelton and his contributors. The guide is now in its fifth edition.
 APL Materials is an open access scientific journal published by the American Institute of Physics. The editor-in-chief is Judith L. MacManus-Driscoll (University of Cambridge). It covers bioinspired materials magnetic materials photovoltaics tissue engineering and various other topics.
 The Voice of the Violin ( La voce del violino ) is a 1997 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2003 by Stephen Sartarelli. It is the fourth novel in the internationally popular Inspector Montalbano series.
 Mahoraba (まほらば) is a manga series by Akira Kojima which was later adapted into an anime. It was serialized in Square Enix's Monthly Gangan WING manga magazine between January 2000 and July 2006 spanning a total of 12 tankōbon volumes. The anime adaptation entitled Mahoraba 〜Heartful days (まほらば〜Heartful days) was produced by J.C.Staff premiered across TV Tokyo on January 10 2005 and ended on June 26 2005 spanning a total of 26 episodes.
 The Astromundi Cluster is a 1993 boxed set accessory for the Spelljammer campaign setting part of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Cleveland Daily Banner is a daily newspaper published in Cleveland Tennessee began in 1857 making it one of the oldest newspapers in the state.
 The Saint's Lady is the title of an unpublished novel by Joy Martin featuring the character of criminal-turned-detective Simon Templar (alias The Saint) who had been created by Leslie Charteris in 1928. According to the book The Saint: A Complete History in Print Radio Film and Television 1928-1992 by Burl Barer Martin sent her manuscript to Leslie Charteris as a present in 1979. On its own this would qualify the novel as no more than fan fiction.
 Murder in Canton is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book contains twelve illustrations and a map of Canton by the author.
 Daniel Klaidman published Kill or Capture: The War on Terror and the Soul of the Obama Presidency in June 2012.The book describes the United States Government's tactics for dealing with individuals suspected of a role in supporting terrorists who have targeted or plan to target the USA.According to Michael Petrou writing in Macleans Magazine This book is about the clash between President Barack Obama’s pre-election idealism on matters of security and terrorism and the more pragmatic realities of office..The Daily Mail journalist Daniel Bates wrote Klaidman tells how Obama 'had come a long way in a short time' after assuming office..Commenting on President Obama's decision to authorize the killing United States citizen Anwar Awlaki via a missile fired by an unmanned aerial vehicle Steve Coll wrote: Klaidman has reported what would appear to be the first instance in American history of a sitting President speaking of his intent to kill a particular U.S. 
 The Bluefield Daily Telegraph is seven-day morning daily newspaper based in Bluefield West Virginia and also covering surrounding communities in McDowell Mercer and Monroe counties West Virginia; and Bland Buchanan Giles and Tazewell counties Virginia (including the Town of Bluefield Virginia).The weekly Princeton Times covering Princeton West Virginia is also published at the Bluefield Daily Telegraph office.
 For the novel by Dacre Stoker and Ian Holt see Dracula the Un-deadDracula the Undead is a sequel written to Bram Stoker's classic novel Dracula written by Freda Warrington. The book was commissioned by Penguin Books as a sequel to Stoker's original novel for the centenary of the latter's first publication. It takes place seven years after the original. It was originally published in 1997 and was brought back to print in 2009.
 Gollum: How We Made Movie Magic is a memoir written by actor Andy Serkis about his adventures playing Gollum in New Line Cinema's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy. It was released to coincide with the theatrical release of The Return of the King.
 Yellow is a collection of short stories written by Korean-American novelist Don Lee. It features eight stories set in the fictional California town of Rosarita Bay in which a variety of characters examine issues of what it means to be Asian in America.This collection includes: The price of eggs in China Voir dire Widowers The lone night cantina Casual water The possible husband Domo arigato Yellow.ISBN 978-0393025620
 Black Vulmea's vengeance & Other Tales of Pirates is a collection of Adventure short stories about pirates by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1976 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2750 copies. The title story first appeared in the magazine Golden Fleece in 1938.
 Maiwa's Revenge or The War of the Little Hand is a short novel by H. Rider Haggard about the hunter Allan Quartermain. The story involves Quartermain going on a hunting expedition then taking part in an attack on a native kraal to rescue a captured English hunter and avenge Maiwa an African princess whose baby has been killed.
 Plot It Yourself (British title Murder in Style) is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1959 and also collected in the omnibus volume Kings Full of Aces (Viking 1969).
 Golf World is a weekly magazine covering the game of golf published by Condé Nast. It celebrated its 60th anniversary in 2007 and is therefore the oldest golf publication in the United States. It was purchased by The New York Times Company from the original owners in 1988 who sold it to Condé Nast in 2001.Golf World covers the game of golf including the PGA Tour LPGA Tour Champions Tour Nationwide Tour European Tour and amateur events around the United States and internationally.
 The Mail & Guardian is a South African weekly newspaper published by M&G Media in Johannesburg South Africa. It focuses on political analysis investigative reporting Southern African news local arts music and popular culture.
 The Edge of Sadness is a novel by the American author Edwin O'Connor. It was published in 1961 and won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1962. The story is about a middle-aged Catholic priest in New England.
 Shair (Urdu: شاعر‎) is the oldest Urdu-language literary magazine based in Mumbai India. It was launched in Agra in 1930 by the famous poet Seemab Akbarabadi. Its editor-in-chief is the poet writer and journalist Iftikhar Imam Siddiqui and the assistant editors are his two brothers Noaman Siddiqui and Hamid Iqbal Siddiqui.
 The 33 Strategies of War by Robert Greene is a guide to the subtle social game of everyday life informed by the ... military principles in war.. It is composed of discussions and examples on offensive and defensive strategies from a wide variety of people and conditions applying them to social conflicts such as family quarrels and business negotiations.
 The Mad Goblin is an American novel by Philip José Farmer. Originally released in 1970 it was one of two intertwining sequels to Farmer's previous A Feast Unknown along with Lord of the Trees. The Mad Goblin features Doc Caliban an analogue of Doc Savage as the main character.
 The Canadian Respiratory Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the Canadian Thoracic Society and Canadian Critical Care Society. It publishes original research and news dealing with continuing medical education and practice guidelines. It is published bimonthly by Pulsus Group.
 The Counterlife (1986) is a novel by the American author Philip Roth. It is the fourth full novel to feature the fictional novelist Nathan Zuckerman. When The Counterlife was published Zuckerman had most recently appeared in a novella called The Prague Orgy the epilogue to the omnibus volume Zuckerman Bound. It is reported that French director Arnaud Desplechin is working on a screen adaptation of the novel.
 Õilsad südamed (English: Noble Hearts) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1970 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 2004.
 Intervention in School and Clinic is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editors are Randall Boone (University of Nevada) and Kyle Higgins (University of Nevada). It has been in publication since 1965 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 Snow Country (雪国 Yukiguni) is a full-length novel by the Japanese author Yasunari Kawabata. The novel established Kawabata as one of Japan's foremost authors and became an instant classic.[citation needed]
 travelgirl an American magazine published by travelgirl Inc. started in June 2003 specializing in travel principally recreational for tourism. The magazine is targeted at women who make more than 75% of all family travel decisions.travelgirl magazine was the first national travel publication launched after the tragic events of 9/11 and was named one of the most notable launches of 2003 by industry guru Samir Mr.
 Keepers of the Flame: Understanding Amnesty International is a book by the British political scientist Stephen Hopgood which examines the history structure and internal culture of the human rights organization Amnesty International.
 The Journal of Sex Education and Therapy is the official academic journal of the American Association of Sexuality Educators Counselors and Therapists.
 Savrola: A Tale of the Revolution in Laurania is the only fictional work of Sir Winston Churchill. The story describes events in the capital of Laurania as unrest against the dictatorial government of president Antonia Molara turns to violent revolution.The novel was commenced by Churchill on his voyage from Britain to India to take part in the Malakand campaign in August 1897.
 Akhand Jyoti (अखण्ड ज्योति) is an Indian monthly magazine published from Mathura. It was started in 1938 by Pt. Shriram Sharma Acharya. Published in more than 7 languages it is main magazine of All World Gayatri Pariwar. It broadly covers social issues personality development and scientific spirituality.
 Zoologische Mededelingen publishes papers and monographs on vertebrate and invertebrate systematics. The publisher is the National Museum of Natural History Naturalis in The Netherlands. The first issue of Zoologische Mededeelingen appeared in 1915 as the official journal of Naturalis' predecessor 's Rijks Museum van Natuurlijke Historie.
 Police (Norwegian: Politi 2013) is a crime novel by Norwegian novelist Jo Nesbø. It is the tenth novel in Nesbø's Harry Hole series.
 In God We Trust All Others Pay Cash is a novel by American humorist Jean Shepherd first published in October 1966. A best-seller at the time of its publication it is considered Shepherd's most important published work. Portions of the work were adapted into the 1983 movie A Christmas Story and into the 1994 film It Runs in the Family.
 The Chinese Commercial News (traditional Chinese: 菲律賓商報; simplified Chinese: 菲律宾商报; pinyin: Fēilǜbīn Shāngbào; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Hui-li̍p-pin Siong-pò lit. Philippine Commercial News) colloquially called the Commercial News or Siong Po (Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Siong-pò Commercial News in Hokkien) is a daily broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines written in the Chinese language.
 Nature Reviews Immunology is a monthly review journal covering the field of immunology. The journal also publishes Research highlight articles which are short summaries written by the editors that describe recent hot research papers.
 Morpho Eugenia is a 1992 novella by A. S. Byatt first published in complete form with The Conjugial Angel as Angels & Insects. It details the key events of the life of a Victorian naturalist William Adamson at first seemingly struggling to move up in class and settle down with a beautiful mysterious aristocrat Eugenia.
 New Poems (German: Neue Gedichte) is a collection of poems written by Bohemian-Austrian poet and novelist Rainer Maria Rilke (1875-1926). He began collecting the poems in 1906 published New Poems in 1907 and in the following year published a second volume of additional poems. These poems many of them sonnets are often intensely focused on the visual.
 A Logic Named Joe is a science fiction short story by Murray Leinster that was first published in the March 1946 issue of Astounding Science Fiction. The story actually appeared under Leinster's real name Will F. Jenkins since that issue of Astounding also included a story under the Leinster pseudonym called Adapter. The story is particularly noteworthy as a prediction of massively networked personal computers and their drawbacks written at a time when computing was in its infancy.
 The Heroin Diaries: A Year in the Life of a Shattered Rock Star is a book co-written by Nikki Sixx bassist of the rock band Mötley Crüe and Ian Gittins. Additional reflections on the period from Sixx and others are interspersed throughout the book. The book also includes many black-and-white photographs lyrics random thoughts and artwork. The book was designed by Paul Brown according to page 406.
 Rudens is a play by Roman author Plautus thought to have been written around 211 BC. Its name translates from Latin as 'The Rope'. It is a comedy which describes how a girl Palaestra stolen from her parents by pirates is reunited with her father Daemones ironically by means of her pimp Labrax. The story is however far more complex; in particular humour is derived from the interactions between slaves and masters and the changes in friendships throughout.
 Mala onda (English: Bad Vibes) is a bildungsroman novel and social commentary by Alberto Fuguet. It is also Fuguet's debut novel first published in 1991.Mala onda is set in Chile during a ten-day period in late 1980 around the time of the Chilean constitutional referendum.
 Go the Fuck to Sleep is a book written by American author Adam Mansbach and illustrated by Ricardo Cortés. Described as a children's book for adults it reached No. 1 on Amazon.com's bestseller list a month before its release thanks to an unintended viral marketing campaign during which booksellers forwarded PDF copies of the book by e-mail.
 Changes is the 12th book in The Dresden Files Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. Changes was released on April 6 2010 and debuted at #1 on the New York Times Hardcover Fiction Best Sellers list dropping to #3 in its second week on the list.
 Times Without Number is a time travel/alternate history novel by John Brunner.
 The Journal de Trévoux formally the Mémoires pour l'Histoire des Sciences & des beaux-Arts but often called the Mémoires de Trévoux was an influential academic journal that appeared monthly in France between January 1701 and December 1782. The journal published critical reviews of contemporary books and papers on a broad range of subjects mostly non-fiction. Most of the authors were members of the Society of Jesus (Jesuits) although they played down their connection with the order.
 1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus is a 2005 non-fiction book by American author and science writer Charles C. Mann about the pre-Columbian Americas.
 Carniflora Australis is a biannual English-language periodical and the official publication of the Australasian Carnivorous Plant Society. Typical articles include matters of horticultural interest field reports and scientific studies. The journal was established in March 2003. It publishes in full colour and totals around 64 pages annually.
 Canada's History is the official magazine of Canada's National History Society. It is published six times a year and aims to promote interest in and knowledge of Canadian history. Founded in 1920 as The Beaver by the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) the magazine was acquired by the Society in 1994. Subject matter includes all aspects of Canadian history.
 The Carnelian Cube is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt. It was first published in hardcover by Gnome Press in 1948 and in paperback by Lancer Books in 1967. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form. It has also been translated into Italian and German.
 Cell 2455 Death Row: A Condemned Man's Own Story is a 1954 memoir that is the first of four books written on death row by convicted robber rapist and kidnapper Caryl Chessman (27 May 1921 – 2 May 1960). Sentenced to death in 1948 under California's Little Lindergh Law Chessman became internationally famous for waging a legal battle to stay alive and fight his conviction and death sentence through voluminous appeals. Chessman became a cause célèbre for the movement to ban capital punishment.
 Le Miracle de Théophile (The Miracle of Theophilus) is a thirteenth-century miracle play written in Langues d'oïl circa 1261 by the trouvère Rutebeuf.The play is a religious drama drawn from traditional accounts of the lives of the Saints and the Blessed Virgin Mary. In the play Théophile sells his soul to the Devil. Overcome by remorse he prays to the Virgin Mary who delivers him from the cursed pact.The play refers to the legendary history of St.
 Pathik Pravasan (पथिक प्रवासन) is a travel novel written by Nepalese author Pancham Adhikary and published in 2010 by Jaya Prakashan.It is considered a defining work of the Maoist war period 'Nepalese young generation' that was inspired by rebellion frustration and 'Go Abroad' experiences.The novel is considered a milestone to Nepalese diaspora literature which is a realistic story to Neplaese students that go to study abroad annually in large number.The main character of the novel Pathik travels to Europe to study and finds a new world totally different from the underdeveloped Eastern world in which he grew up.
 Touching Spirit Bear is a 2001 young adult novel written by the American author Ben Mikaelsen. The book is about a troubled Minneapolis teen named Cole who completely changes after spending a year on an isolated southwestern Alaska island.It was followed by a sequel called Ghost of Spirit Bear which illustrates Cole's return to Minneapolis where his past has returned to haunt him.
 The Industrial Pioneer was a monthly publication of the Industrial Workers of the World. It was published in Chicago by the general executive board of the IWW from 1921 to 1926 under various editors. The precursor of the Industrial Pioneer was the One Big Union Monthly. The editor of One Big Union Monthly John Sandgren used his position to wage war on the Communists in the IWW.
 Blacktop Passages is a literary magazine published in the United States since 2013. It is completely non-profit published by the founding editors with support from public donations. It is currently edited by Thomas John Nudi Christopher Cartright Ryan Cheng and Zachary Lundgren.
 The Cape Cod Mystery first published in 1931 is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor the first to feature her series detective Asey Mayo the Codfish Sherlock. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything is a nonfiction book by Joshua Foer first published in 2011. Moonwalking with Einstein debuted at no. 3 on the New York Times bestseller list and stayed on the list for 8 weeks.
 Bobby Baseball (ISBN 0440404177) is a children's/adolescents book by Robert Kimmel Smith that was originally published in 1991.The fictional work explores the life of 10-year-old Bobby Ellis as he plays on a local Little League Baseball team coached by his father.
 Deathbird Stories: A Pantheon of Modern Gods is a 1975 collection of short stories written by Harlan Ellison over a period of ten years; the stories address the theme of modern-day deities that have replaced the older more traditional ones. The collection with its satirical skeptical tone is widely considered one of Ellison's best. The book includes a 1973 introduction and a stern caveat lector page advising the reader against enjoying the volume in one sitting.
 Intelligence is a peer-reviewed academic journal of psychology that covers intelligence and psychometrics. It is published by Elsevier and is the official journal of the International Society for Intelligence Research.The journal was established in 1977 and the editor in chief is Douglas K. Detterman (Case Western Reserve University). As of 2010 it is publishing articles within an average of 10.6 weeks of acceptance.[citation needed]
 Analytica Chimica Acta is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1947 that covers original research and reviews of fundamental and applied aspects of analytical chemistry.
 Un Maestro dei Tempi Moderni: Reni Guinon a work by Italian esoteric writer Julius Evola. It concerns the traditionalist philosopher René Guénon. Published in 1984 by Fondazione Julius Evola; English translation by Holmes Publishing Group 1993.
 Catch the Saint is a collection of two mystery novellas by Fleming Lee based upon stories by Norman Worker continuing the adventures of the sleuth Simon Templar aka The Saint created by Leslie Charteris. Following usual practice at this point in the series the front cover credits Charteris although Lee and Worker receive interior title page credit; Charteris served in an editorial capacity.
 Giordano Bruno and the Hermetic Tradition is a 1964 non-fiction book by British historian Frances A. Yates. The book delves into the history of Hermeticism and its influence upon Renaissance philosophy and Giordano Bruno.With the publication of Giordano Bruno and the Hermetic Tradition Yates transformed Renaissance historiography.
 Dying Inside is a science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg. It was nominated for the Nebula Award in 1972 and both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1973.
 The Stand is a post-apocalyptic horror/fantasy novel by American author Stephen King. It expands upon the scenario of his earlier short story Night Surf.
 Red Prophet (1988) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card. It is the second book in Card's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller the seventh son of a seventh son. Red Prophet won the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1989 was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1988 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1989.
 When Eight Bells Toll is a first-person narrative novel written by Scottish author Alistair MacLean and published in 1966. It marked MacLean's return after a three-year gap following the publication of Ice Station Zebra. It combines the genres of spy novel and detective novel. MacLean calls on his own Scottish background to authentically portray the rugged weather people and terrain of western Scotland.
 Research magazine is a U.S. based monthly business-to-business publication.Since 1978 Research magazine has served National Wirehouses Regional or Independent Brokerages Registered Investment Advisories Bank Brokerages and Financial Planning Firms by highlighting the latest information on financial tools like exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and on important market trends that affect today’s advisors and clients such as compensation and regulation.
 Tuttosport is an Italian sport newspaper published since 30 July 1945.Renato Casalbore (who was to die in the 1949 Superga air disaster together with most of the famous Il Grande Torino football squad) founded the newspaper as a bi-weekly. In 1946 it moved to three editions a week and since 12 March 1951 it has been published daily.
 The Shadow of the Moon The Sea of Shadow (月の影　影の海 Tsuki no Kage Kage no Umi) is the first novel in The Twelve Kingdoms fantasy series written by Fuyumi Ono. The Japanese edition split the novel into two volumes but the English edition combines them into one.The book narrates the adventures of Yoko after being brought by Keiki to the world of the Twelve Kingdoms.
 The Adventure of the Unique Dickensians is a detective fiction short story by author August Derleth. It was released in 1968 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 2012 copies. The chapbook is illustrated by Frank Utpatel. The story is part of Derleth's Solar Pons series of pastiches of the Sherlock Holmes tales of Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Neon Genesis Evangelion: Campus Apocalypse (新世紀エヴァンゲリオン 学園堕天録 Shin Seiki Evangerion Gakuen Datenroku lit. Neon Genesis Evangelion: Academic Record of Heaven's Descent) is a 2007-launched manga series by Ming Ming based on the Neon Genesis Evangelion franchise. It was serialized in the shōjo manga magazine Monthly Asuka between 2007 and 2009 published by Kadokawa Shoten and is also available in the PlayStation Store.
 Glass Wings (Japanese: 羽根玻璃ノ君。 Hepburn: Hane Garasu no Kimi lit. Your Glass Wings) is a one-shot manga anthology by Misuzu Asaoka. Kadokawa Shoten originally published it in Japan on December 17 2003 under the Asuka Comics label. Tokyopop released it in the United States on February 7 2006. In 2005 they also released it in Germany under the title Der Prinz mit den gläsernen Schwingen (The Prince with Wings of Glass).
 Heart Songs is a 1994 collection of short stories by Annie Proulx. Most of the stories in the 1994 collection had been previously been published as Heart Songs and Other Stories in 1988.
 Public Law is an academic law journal published four times a year by Sweet & Maxwell. The journal was established in 1956 by J.A.G. Griffith (LSE). Subsequent editors have been: Graham Zellick (Queen Mary University of London) A.W. Bradley (University of Edinburgh) Dawn Oliver (UCL) Andrew Le Sueur (Queen Mary University of London) and Maurice Sunkin (Essex University).
 The Man is a romance novel by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula) written in 1905.
 Whip Hand is a crime novel by Dick Francis the second novel in the Sid Halley series. The novel received Gold Dagger Award for Best Novel of 1979 and the Edgar Award for Best Novel of 1980.
 The Familiar is the 41st book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Ellen Geroux. It is narrated by Jake.The cover quote is They're out of sight. You're out of mind... The inside cover quote is All grown up and no place to go...
 COLD first published in 1996 was the sixteenth and final novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond (including Gardner's novelizations of Licence to Kill and GoldenEye). Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.In the United States the book was retitled Cold Fall.
 Cop This! is a novel written by Chris Nyst. The book story line revolves around a bomb explosion in Fortitude Valley Brisbane. The book was first published in 1999 by Harper Collins Publishers Pty Ltd.
 Final Impact is the third volume of John Birmingham's Axis of Time trilogy.
 The Pictorial Review was a magazine based in New York and first published in September 1899. The magazine was originally designed to showcase dress patterns of German immigrant William Paul Ahnelt's American Fashion Company. On the title page of Pictorial Review on each sheet of its letterhead is a rococo device: a scroll with the numeral 13 and a pencil surrounded by a wreath. That trademark was adopted by an Ahnelt shortly after he founded Pictorial Review.
 Pot-Bouille is the tenth novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola. It was serialized between January and April 1882 in the periodical Le Gaulois before being published in book form by Charpentier in 1883.The novel is an indictment of the mores of the bourgeoisie of the Second French Empire.
 St. John's Eve (Russian: Вечер накануне Ивана Купала; translit. Vecher nakanune Ivana Kupala) is the second tale in the collection Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka by Nikolai Gogol. It was first published in 1830 in the literary Russian periodical Otechestvennye Zapiski in February and March issues and in the book form in 1831.
 Panzer Digest is a wargaming periodical published by Minden Games. It is published quarterly in a digest format. The digest is edited by Gary Graber.
 Mallory's Oracle is the first novel in the Kathy Mallory series by author Carol O'Connell. The book was nominated for an Edgar Award and a Dilys Award. It was first published by Hutchinson in May 1994.
 The Family Friend was a magazine published in book form in England for much of the 19th century. It was a compendium of articles considered entertaining and useful and was aimed mainly at the housewife of the day.
 Everything's Eventual is a collection of 14 short stories written by Stephen King and published in 2002.
 From Social State to Minimal State (Danish: Fra socialstat til minimalstat) is a book written by Anders Fogh Rasmussen. Published in 1993 it expounded the future Danish Prime Minister's classical liberal worldview. He argued that Denmark should transition from a welfare state into a low-tax economy and delivered advice and reflections on how it should be done.Rasmussen was a backbencher and the book formed a part of his strident criticism of the post-war welfare state.
 The Highlander Neighborhood Monthly is a newsprint and online media service for the Highlands area of Louisville Kentucky.
 A Song of Sixpence is a 1964 novel by A. J. Cronin about the coming to manhood of Laurence Carroll and his life in Scotland. Its sequel is A Pocketful of Rye.As with several of his other novels Cronin drew on his own experiences growing up in Scotland for this book. The titles of both novels come from the children's nursery rhyme Sing a Song of Sixpence.
 Mob Girl: A Woman's Life in the Underworld is 1992 non-fiction book written by Teresa Carpenter about mafia informant and mob moll Arlyne Brickman that was published by Simon & Schuster.
 Journal of Communication Inquiry is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of communication. The editor-in-chief is Meenakshi Gigi Durham (University of Iowa). It was established in 1974 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Pokémon Diamond and Pearl Adventure! (sometimes abbreviated as DPA) is a Pokémon manga based on Pokémon Diamond Pearl and Platinum. The series is written and illustrated by Shigekatsu Ihara. It is currently being translated into English in North America by Viz Media; all eight volumes have been released.
 Quit Digging Your Grave with a Knife and Fork (ISBN 978-0446578066) subtitled A 12-Step Program to End Bad Habits and Begin a Healthy Lifestyle is a book by former Arkansas governor and 2008 United States Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee. It is based on his health experience of being overweight and diabetic.
 A Fringe of Leaves is the tenth published novel by the Australian novelist and 1973 Nobel Prize-winner Patrick White.
 Return to Paradise (1951) is a collection of short stories written by American author James A. Michener. The collection is a sequel to the Pulitzer Prize-winning book Tales of the South Pacific the collection that launched his career in 1947. In Return to Paradise Michener revisits the islands and cultures of the South Pacific in the late 1940s combining factual descriptions and tales set in such exotic places as Tahiti Fiji New Zealand and Australia.
 Fat Chance is a novel that was published in Australia in 1996. It is one of several similar books written by Australian author Margaret Clark.
 At Swim Two Boys (2001) is a novel by Irish writer Jamie O'Neill. The title is a punning allusion to Flann O'Brien's At Swim-Two-Birds.
 The Haunting of Hiram C. Hopgood is a children's novel written in 1987 by Eva Ibbotson. The main characters are Alex and Helen and of course the ghosts. There is also Helen's father the ghost of a hand and a sinister trio.
 Revolver is the title of a British comic which was a spin off from 2000AD. It lasted for seven regular issues and two specials and was published between July 1990 to January 1991.
 Under a Velvet Cloak is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the last of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series. It follows the adventures of the Incarnation of Night.SummaryIt is the year 500 AD.Kerena a beautiful young girl living near King Arthur's Camelot is apprenticed to Morely the Seer.
 They Used Dark Forces is a World War II fictional novel by Dennis Wheatley. The hero Gregory Sallust finds himself in Nazi Germany and associated with a black magician who is advising Adolf Hitler. They supposedly persuade him to commit suicide rather than to fight to the last in the belief that he will be reincarnated among a population of Aryan warriors living on Mars.
 The Quest for Fire (French: La Guerre du feu) is a 1911 Belgian novel by J.-H. Rosny the pseudonym of two brothers; the author was likely the elder of the two Joseph Henri Honoré Boex (1856 - 1940). It was first published in English in 1967. It was made into a feature film of the same name in 1981. The film stars Ron Perlman Rae Dawn Chong and Everett McGill.
 Rakhine Razawin Thit (Burmese: ရခိုင် ရာဇဝင်သစ် Burmese pronunciation: [ɹəkʰàiɴ jàzəwɪ̀ɴ ðɪʔ] Arakanese pronunciation: [ɹəkʰàiɴ ɹàzəwàɴ ðɪʔ]) is a Burmese chronicle covering the history of Arakan from time immemorial to the First Anglo-Burmese War (1824–1826). The author was Ven. Sandamala Linkara the Sayadaw (Chief Abbot) of Dakhina Vihara Rama Buddhist Monastery in Ranbye Kyun in then British Burma.
 Steal Moon is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Makoto Tateno. The manga is published in Japan by Nihonbungeisha and in Taiwan by Ever Glory Publishing.The manga is licensed for an English-language released in North America be Digital Manga Publishing.
 The Amulet of Samarkand is the first book in the Bartimaeus trilogy written by Jonathan Stroud. It is well known for its liberal use of footnotes to voice the title character's sarcastic comments as well as story background.
 Sport Compact Car (or abbreviated as SCC) was an American car magazine that lasted from 1988 to 2009. Sport Compact Car focused on modifying and racing sport compacts usually import model cars. This publication was known for having a more technical approach than most other typical import car magazines and for the substantial number of project cars they have developed.
 Liar! is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in the May 1941 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and was reprinted in the collections I Robot (1950) and The Complete Robot (1982). It was Asimov's third published positronic robot story. Although the word robot was introduced to the public by Czech writer Karel Čapek in his 1920 play R.U.R.
 Empty is a cult Australian creative magazine concerned largely with printed design work photography illustration and film created for the professional creative community.The magazine is published by Sydney-based Design is Kinky studio curators of the Semi-Permanent design festival a fixture in design culture's global landscape which occurs annually in Australia.The magazine acts largely as a gallery of artwork both domestic and international.
 EHS Today is an award-winning occupational safety and health magazine. Published monthly by Penton Media it is the leading US magazine for environmental health and safety management professionals in the manufacturing construction and service sectors.
 MH-18 published by Rodale Press was a magazine covering teen lifestyle. A youth-oriented version of Men's Health magazine it was targeted at 13- to 18-year-old males. It ceased publication in November 2001.
 The Caged Virgin: A Muslim Woman's Cry for Reason also published as The Caged Virgin: An Emancipation Proclamation for Women and Islam (first issued 2006) is the English translation of a book by the former Dutch parliamentarian Ayaan Hirsi Ali De maagdenkooi (2004). In this book Hirsi Ali discusses her own struggle with Islam intended as a model how other Muslim women may achieve their own emancipation.
 Weekly Economic Times is a weekly newspaper of Bangladesh is led by Shaukat Mahmood. It was founded by Editor/Publisher Munirul Haq in 1995. Now published in 8-pages Weekly Economic Times has its front-page and the last page printed in color and the other pages in black and white. Headquartered in Kakaril DhakaThe Economic Times has its offices in Kawran Bazar and Kakrail Dhaka.
 Middlesex is a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Jeffrey Eugenides published in 2002. The book is a bestseller with more than three million copies sold by May 2011. Its characters and events are loosely based on aspects of Eugenides' life and observations of his Greek heritage. It is not an autobiography; unlike the protagonist Eugenides is not intersex.
 Tilllate Magazine formerly M8 (named after the M8 motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow) is a dance music club culture and lifestyle magazine. Formerly printed it is now an online magazine with the option to print (www.tilllatemagazine.com).
 Rin-ne (stylized as RIN-NE) known as Kyōkai no Rinne (境界のRINNE? lit. Rinne of the Boundary officially subtitled as Circle of Reincarnation) in Japan is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi. It began serialization in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday manga magazine on April 22 2009.
 The Sneetches and Other Stories is a collection of stories by American author Dr. Seuss published in 1961. It is composed of four separate stories The Sneetches The Zax Too Many Daves and What Was I Scared Of?.
 Grey Room is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly in print and online by the MIT Press. Founded in 2000 it includes work in the fields of architecture art media and politics. To date it has featured contributions by such prominent historians and theorists as Yves-Alain Bois Judith Butler Georges Canguilhem Hubert Damisch Friedrich Kittler Chantal Mouffe Antonio Negri Paolo Virno Paul Virilio and Samuel Weber.
 Dainik Janambhumi (Assamese: দৈনিক জনমভূমি) is an Indian Assamese-language daily newspaper. This newspaper is published by Janambhumi Group of Publications from Nehru Park Tulshi Narayan Sharma Path Jorhat. The newspaper was first launched in 1972 the second and the third editions were launched from Guwahati and Tinsukia in 2004.
 A Field Guide to Australian Birds is a two-volume bird field guide published by Rigby of Adelaide South Australia in its Rigby Field Guide series. The first volume (Volume One: Non-Passerines) was issued in 1970 with the second volume (Volume Two: Passerines) appearing in 1974. It was Australia’s first new national bird field guide since the 1931 publication of the first edition of Neville Cayley’s What Bird is That?.
 Corrie! is a comedy stage play written in 2010 by award-winning playwright and Coronation Street scriptwriter Jonathan Harvey. The play premiered at The Lowry in Salford Quays in August 2010. Written as part of the 50th Anniversary Celebrations of ITV's long-running soap opera Coronation Street the play will tour the UK in 2011.
 Exam Brief is a yearly educational supplement to the Irish Independent newspaper consisting of several volumes. It is produced in cooperation with The Institute of Education and aimed at students preparing for their Irish Leaving or Junior Certificate examinations.
 Baltasar and Blimunda (Portuguese: Memorial do Convento 1982) is a novel by the Nobel Prize-winning Portuguese author José Saramago. It is a love story set in the 18th century with the construction of the Convent of Mafra now one of Portugal's chief tourist attractions as a background.
 Mike Downstairs is a 1968 American play.
 Theatricals: Second Series is a book of two plays by Henry James published in 1895. As a follow-up to his 1894 book Theatricals James included two more unproduced plays in this volume The Album and The Reprobate. James wrote a longer preface for this book where he discussed writing for the theater and the sacrifices involved.
 The Circuit: Stories from the Life of a Migrant Child is an autobiographical novel by Francisco Jiménez based in part on his journey from Mexico to the United States of America. The book narrated by the child's point of view follows the life of young Panchito and his family as they move from one location to another to harvest crops in the United States. The book has two sequels Breaking Through and the third book in the series Reaching Out.
 Unweaving the Rainbow (subtitled Science Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder) is a 1998 book by Richard Dawkins discussing the relationship between science and the arts from the perspective of a scientist.Dawkins addresses the misperception that science and art are at odds.
 Le Livre d'Emma is the fictional account of a woman Emma accused of killing her child and her interpreter Flore.
 Konsultativnaya Psikhologiya i Psikhoterapiya (Russian: Консультативная психология и психотерапия) is a Russian peer-reviewed scientific journal containing original research systematic reviews etc. relating to the area of psychotherapy and counseling psychology. Having begun publishing in 1992 it became the first Russian journal on psychotherapy. It is published 4 times a year. The journal is indexed by the Supreme Certification Commission of Russia.
 Pravasi Express is a bilingual newspaper (in Malayalam and English) publishing from Singapore. Pravasi Publications formed in 2012 entering to publishing arena with launch of Malayalam fortnight newspaper PravasiExpress from Singapore.
 Yellow Eyes is a novel in John Ringo's Legacy of the Aldenata series co-authored with Tom Kratman. The book which is a spin-off of the main series focuses on the Posleen invasion of Central America with an emphasis on Panama. In contrast with other books in the series emphasis is given to naval warfare including the reactivation of the old warships USS Texas USS Salem and USS Des Moines.
 An Inconvenient Truth: The Planetary Emergency of Global Warming and What We Can Do About It is a 2006 book by Al Gore released in conjunction with the film An Inconvenient Truth. It is published by Rodale Press in Emmaus Pennsylvania in the United States.Based on Gore's lecture tour on the topic of global warming this book elaborates upon points offered in the film.
 List of Recent Holarctic Bird Species is a 1977 book by Karel H. Voous published by the British Ornithologists' Union. It contains a list of 1921 bird species recorded from the Holarctic zoogeographic region. It was widely adopted by ornithologists in Europe as a standard baseline list. It was originally published in two parts in the BOU's journal Ibis: that covering the non-passerines in 1973 and the passerine part in 1977. The list has been reprinted twice in 1980 and 1991.
 Becoming Batman: The Possibility of a Superhero is a 2008 science book by neuroscience professor E. Paul Zehr. The book was first published on November 7 2008 through Johns Hopkins University Press and covers how much an ordinary person would need to train and adapt to become Batman.
 The Triumph of the Sun is a novel by Wilbur Smith set during the Siege of Khartoum. Smith himself said the following about the novel:That incident had all the elements of a great story setting because you have the captive characters who are having to interact with each other because there is no escape – siege conditions. Also the river. I’m fascinated by the great rivers of Africa. Played against that was a sort of island setting in the desert.
 Hot Springs (ISBN 978-0-671-03545-7) is a fictional work by Stephen Hunter published in 2000.Hot Springs is a novel telling about gangsters and gambling in U.S. city Hot Springs Arkansas. It is the first novel in the series featuring Hunter's character Earl Swagger.It is summer 1946 and Earl Swagger former Marine and recipient of the Medal of Honor feels he is an angry man with nowhere to go in the post-war peace.
 Contes cruels (Cruel Tales) is a two-volume set of about 150 tales and short stories by the 19th-century French writer Octave Mirbeau collected and edited by Pierre Michel and Jean-François Nivet and published in two volumes in 1990 by Librairie Séguier. The title was taken from Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam of whom Mirbeau was a friend and admirer.
 The Afterlife Experiments (full title: The Afterlife Experiments: Breakthrough Scientific Evidence of Life After Death) is a book written by Gary Schwartz and William L. Simon with a foreword by Deepak Chopra. The book contains four reports detailing a series of experiments that utilized mediums and sitters to investigate whether or not there is life after death.The psychologist Ray Hyman published a detailed criticism of Schwartz's techniques titled How Not to Test Mediums.
 For other uses see Provence (disambiguation)La Provence is a French daily newspaper founded in 1997 and published in Marseille. It was created in Marseille from the merger of two daily newspapers Le Provençal and the Le Méridional which was bought by Gaston Defferre.It currently employs 200 journalists and 700 local correspondents. Its circulation is 170000.
 The Crucible is a 1953 play by the American playwright Arthur Miller. It was initially called The Chronicles of Sarah Good. It is a dramatized and partially fictionalized story of the Salem witch trials that took place in the Province of Massachusetts Bay during 1692 and 1693. Miller wrote the play as an allegory of McCarthyism when the U.S. government blacklisted accused communists.
 The Extra Mile is a 1962 book of selected short stories by Ivy R. Doherty.
 Breaking Dawn is the fourth and final novel in the The Twilight Saga by American author Stephenie Meyer. Divided into three parts the first and third sections are written from Bella Swan's perspective and the second is written from the perspective of Jacob Black. The novel directly follows the events of the previous novel Eclipse as Bella and Edward Cullen get married leaving behind a heartbroken Jacob.
 The Standard Time Daily is a newspaper published in Burma. Due to law changes the paper began freely publishing from 1 April 2013.
 The Palisadian-Post is a weekly subscription newspaper serving Pacific Palisades California published each Thursday by the Pacific Palisades Post. The company also publishes the weekly newspaper The Shopper also known as the Post-Shopper. The Palisadian Post was founded in 1928. The newspaper's editor-in-chief is Frances Sharpe.Pacific Palisades was founded in early 1922 by Methodists who migrated west.
 Zetsuen No Tempest (絶園のテンペスト Zetsuen no Tenpesuto) is a Japanese manga series written by Kyō Shirodaira and illustrated by Arihide Sano and Ren Saizaki. An anime adaptation by Bones aired on October 2012 to March 2013. It has been licensed by Aniplex of America in North America and by Madman Entertainment in Australia.
 Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang: The Magical Car is a children's book written by Ian Fleming for his son Caspar with illustrations by John Burningham. It was initially published in three volumes the first of which was released on 22 October 1964 by Jonathan Cape in London.Fleming better known as the creator of James Bond took his inspiration for the subject from a series of aero-engined racing cars called Chitty Bang Bang built by Count Louis Zborowski in the early 1920s at Higham Park.
 Chimera is an American comic book published by CrossGen Entertainment from March to July 2003. It is a mini-series that ran for four issues. Chimera is most notable for its artwork. Produced by Brandon Peterson the artwork is a blending of traditional and computer-enhanced techniques.Chimera tells the story of Sara Janning who carves away massive chunks of ice as part of a tritium mining operation on the frozen world of Serevan.
 For Mrs. (フォアミセス) is a Josei magazine aimed at housewives. The magazine is released on the 3rd of every month.
 Strange Worlds is a collection of a science fiction novel and two science fiction novellas by Ralph Milne Farley. It was first published in 1953 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 300 copies. The book is an omnibus of Farley's earlier books The Radio Man and The Hidden Universe. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Argosy and the novellas originally appeared in the magazine Amazing Stories.
 The Birthday Party is a biographical novel by Panos Karnezis first published in 2007.
 Summer Crossing is Truman Capote's first novel written during the 1940s. Capote eventually cast it aside and it was thought to be lost for over 50 years but was eventually published in 2005.
 The Night of Morningstar is the title of the eleventh book chronicling the adventures of crime lord-turned-secret agent Modesty Blaise. The novel was first published in 1982 and was written by Peter O'Donnell who had created the character for a comic strip in the early 1960s. The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Souvenir Press.
 Christopher Unborn (Spanish: Cristóbal Nonato) is the tenth novel by the Mexican author Carlos Fuentes. Originally published by the Fondo de Cultura Económica in 1987 the first U.S.
 The Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles is an independent nonprofit community weekly newspaper serving the Jewish community of greater Los Angeles published by TRIBE Media Corp. The Journal was established in 1985. As of 2010 it had a verified circulation of 60000 and an estimated readership of 180000; it is the largest Jewish weekly outside of New York City. TRIBE Media Corp.
 Naad Ved Vichar is a religious text written by Dharam Singh Nihang Singh containing exegesis of first composition of Guru Granth Sahib Japji Sahib. This text is also called Japji Viakhya having 119 pages written in 1996 for preachers of Sikh religion. The book was published by Sachkhoj Academy Khanna and was first book written by author.
 Under the Dome is a science fiction novel by Stephen King published in November 2009. Set in and around a small Maine town it tells an intricate multi-character and point-of-view story of how the town's inhabitants contend with the calamity of being suddenly cut off from the outside world by an impassable invisible barrier; one that literally drops out of a clear blue sky.
 Brath was an American comic book published by Crossgen Entertainment from February 2003 to June 2004. It ran for 15 issues (including prequel) before it was forced to end by the bankruptcy of CrossGen in 2004.The series was written by Chuck Dixon and penciled by Andrea Di Vito. Brath was set on the fictional world of Hann Jinn also seen in other CrossGen titles Way of the Rat and The Path. Dixon and DiVito researched various parts of history when writing Brath.
 The Deep Six is a 1953 novel by Martin Dibner describing the experiences of a group of U.S. Navy sailors fighting in the Aleutian Islands Campaign in 1943 during World War II. The novel based on the author's experiences serving in the light cruiser USS Richmond during the same campaign is written in a terse Hemingwayesque style and was a contemporary of Nicholas Monsarrat's novel The Cruel Sea and The Caine Mutiny by Herman Wouk.
 Hate List is a young adult novel written by Jennifer Brown and published in 2009 by Little Brown Books for Young Readers. Jennifer Brown who wrote a newspaper humor column for four years switched to a more serious side for her debut novel Hate List. The novel is set after a shooting incident at an American high school and deals with themes of hatred bullying family tension and suicide.
 The Dog Who Came in from the Cold is the second online novel by Alexander McCall Smith author of the The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series. In the first series the author wrote a chapter a day starting on 15 Sep 2008 the series running for 20 weeks and totalling 100 episodes. The daily chapters read by Andrew Sachs were also available as an audio download.The second and third series were published online running from Monday 21 September 2009 and Monday 13 September 2010 respectively.
 Weird Tales #1 is an anthology edited by Lin Carter the first in his paperback revival of the classic fantasy and horror magazine Weird Tales. It is also numbered vol. 48 no. 1 (Spring 1981) in continuation of the numbering of the original magazine.
 Kleinzeit is a metaphysical novel by Russell Hoban.
 Juice is a well known German hip hop magazine and the biggest of its kind in Europe. In every issue readers find interviews with rappers and record reviews.
 A Short History of Nearly Everything by American author Bill Bryson is a popular science book that explains some areas of science using a style of language which aims to be more accessible to the general public than that of many other books dedicated to the subject.
 The Gathering Storm is the 12th book of the fantasy series The Wheel of Time. It was incomplete when its author Robert Jordan died on September 16 2007 from cardiac amyloidosis. His widow Harriet McDougal and publisher Tom Doherty chose Brandon Sanderson to continue the book after Jordan's death.
 Secret Water is the eighth book in Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books. It was published in 1939.This book is set in and around Hamford Water in Essex close to the resort town of Walton-on-the-Naze. It brings the Swallows and the Amazons together and introduces a new group of characters the Eels and the Mastodon. Ransome used to sail to Hamford Water an area of tidal salt marshes and low-lying islands in his yacht Nancy Blackett.
 Happy Valley is a 1939 novel by Australian author Patrick White. It won the 1941 Australian Literature Society Gold Medal. White did not allow the novel to be republished in his lifetime. Not until 2012 would the book come back into print. White had dedicated the novel to artist Roy De Maistre.The book owed much to White's experiences as a jackaroo working at Adaminaby in the Snowy Mountains of Southern New South Wales.
 The Ape Who Guards the Balance is the tenth in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 Cretaceous Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. The journal focuses on topics dealing with the Cretaceous period and the Cretaceous–Paleogene boundary.
 Claudine at St. Clare's is the fifth novel in the St. Clare's series by Enid Blyton. The narrative follows the O'Sullivan twins Patricia and Isabel and their adventures at exclusive boarding school St Clare's. The book introduces four new characters: Claudine the French mistress' niece; Eileen whose mother joins the school as matron; Pauline a wannabe rich girl; and Angela a rich and spoiled society girl.
 Jonas is a novel by Norwegian author Jens Bjørneboe originally published in 1955 by Aschehoug.
 Criminal Justice Policy Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of criminal law. The editor-in-chief is David L. Myers (Indiana University of Pennsylvania). It was established in 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Hasil Ghaat (Urdu: حاصل گھاٹ‎) is a novel by Bano Qudsia. There is some controversy as to whether this book be classified as a novel.[citation needed]It is mainly a collection of thoughts of an old Pakistani man Humayun Farid who is visiting his emigrant daughter Arjmand in USA.[citation needed] Most of the thoughts occur to him as he is sitting in the balcony of her daughter’s home. The narrative may well be thought to be employing the stream of consciousness technique.[citation needed]
 Antilliaans Dagblad is a Dutch language daily morning newspaper distributed in the Dutch Caribbean islands of Aruba Bonaire Curaçao and Sint Maarten. The newspaper is the only Dutch-language newspaper on Curaçao together with Amigoe. The newspaper can be read partially online.
 Old Telly Time is an illustrated children's book written by Linda A. McRae and illustrated by L. A. McRae and Z. A. McRae. It was first written in 1980 and originally published in Australia in 1982.
 Glia is a Monthly peer reviewed scientific journal covering research on the structure and function of neuroglia. It was established in 1988 and is published by John Wiley & Sons. The founding and current editors-in-chief are Bruce R. Ransom (University of Washington School of Medicine) and Helmut Kettenmann (Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine).
 Oriental Stories later retitled The Magic Carpet Magazine was a pulp magazine of 1930-34 an offshoot of the famous Weird Tales.Like its parent it was published by J.C. Henneberger's Rural Publications and edited by Farnsworth Wright. As its titles indicate the magazine specialized in adventure and fantasy stories with Oriental settings and elements. Its stories were largely written by the same distinctive group of authors that filled the pages of Weird Tales including Robert E.
 High Crystal is a science fiction/secret agent novel by Martin Caidin that was first published in 1974. It was the second sequel to Caidin's 1972 work Cyborg which in turn was the basis for the television series The Six Million Dollar Man. Although published after the start of the television series the book does not share continuity with it.
 The Dark Griffin is a 2009 fantasy novel by K.J. Taylor the first in the Fallen Moon series followed by The Griffin's Flight.
 All the Shah's Men: An American Coup and the Roots of Middle East Terror is a book written by American journalist Stephen Kinzer. The book discusses the 1953 Iranian coup d'état backed by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in which Mohammed Mossadegh Iran's prime minister was overthrown by Islamists supported by American and British agents (chief among them Kermit Roosevelt) and royalists loyal to Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.
 The Eternal Lover is an Edgar Rice Burroughs fantasy-adventure novel. The story was begun in November 1913 under the working title Nu of the Niocene. It was first run serially in two parts by All-Story Weekly. The first part released March 7 1914 was titled The Eternal Lover and the second part released in four installments from January 23 1915 to February 13 1915 was titled Sweetheart Primeval. The book version was first published by A. C. McClurg on October 3 1925.
 The Chronicles of Solar Pons is a collection of detective fiction short stories by author August Derleth. It is the sixth volume in the series of Derleth's Solar Pons short stories and was released in 1973 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 4176 copies.
 The Seekers is a historical novel written by John Jakes and originally published in 1975. It is book three in a series known as the Kent Family Chronicles or the American Bicentennial Series. The novel mixes fictional characters with historical events and figures as it narrates the story of the United States of America from 1794 through 1814. In 1979 the novel was made into a television film by Operation Prime Time and premiered on HBO on July 8 1979 The Seekers.
 Zoya is a novel written by Danielle Steel. Zoya Konstantinovna Ossupov is a Russian countess a young cousin to Czar Nicholas II. Escaping the Russian Revolution with her grandmother and a loyal retainer she arrives in Paris penniless where she must carve a new life for herself and her loved ones. There she joins Diaghilev's Ballets Russes.
 Ballad of the Desert (also known as Damo Yao or 大漠谣) is a two-volume Chinese Han Dynasty romance novel written by author Tong Hua. Both parts were published by Henan Literature Publishers sequentially in 2006 and 2007. This novel is the first in the Love in the Han Dynasty trilogy.
 Christine is a horror novel by Stephen King published in 1983. It tells the story of a vintage automobile apparently possessed by supernatural forces. Later that same year a film adaptation directed by John Carpenter and starring Keith Gordon John Stockwell Alexandra Paul and Harry Dean Stanton was released. In April 2013 PS Publishing released Christine in a limited 30th Anniversary Edition.
 Women as Demons: The Male Perception of Women through Space and Time is a 1989 book by British author Tanith Lee compiling science fiction and fantasy short stories all but two previously published at the time of release and centered around female characters. It was published by The Women's Press.
 Before I Say Goodbye is a book by Ruth Picardie. Compiled and edited by her sister and husband it uses Picardie's newspaper columns and correspondence to tell the story of her life with breast cancer to which she succumbed in September 1997.
 Beastly is a 2007 novel by Alex Flinn. It is a retelling of the fairytale Beauty and the Beast set in modern-day New York City from the view of the beast. Flinn researched many versions of the Beauty and the Beast story to write her book. Many of these are playfully alluded to in portions of the book particularly the chat room transcripts in which the character of Kyle talks to other teens who have been transformed into creatures.
 The Journal of Social Archaeology is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of archaeology in particular with regard to social interpretations of the past. Its editor-in-chief is Lynn Meskell (Stanford University) who established the journal in 2001. It is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 A Minor Adjustment is a 1967 play. It was written by Eric Nicol a Canadian humorist and the original production cost $72000 and closed after 13 performances. It received a poor review in the New York Times.
 The Wizard of Venus is a novella by Edgar Rice Burroughs as well as the title of a collection in which it was later published together with an unrelated story. The Wizard of Venus is the final story in Burroughs's Venus series (sometimes called the Carson Napier of Venus series). Written in 1941 the piece remained unpublished until 1964 fourteen years after the author's death.
 The Evening World was a newspaper that was published in New York City from 1887 to 1931.
 Shadowmancer is a fantasy novel by Graham Taylor (better known as GP Taylor) first published privately in 2002. It is a Christian allegory in the form of a fantasy adventure akin to C. S. Lewis' The Chronicles of Narnia. Taylor wrote the book to counteract what he saw as a rise in atheist propaganda in children's books such as His Dark Materials. It is the first of four books generally referred to as The Shadowmancer Quartet.
 Climate Capitalism: Capitalism in the Age of Climate Change is a 2011 book by L. Hunter Lovins and Boyd Cohen. It presents positive stories and examples of how profit-seeking companies are helping to save the planet and says that the best way to rebuild America’s economy cities and job markets is to invest in energy efficiency and renewable energy resources whether climate change is happening or not.
 Shadows Over Baker Street is an anthology of stories each by a different author and each concerning an exploit of Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes set against the backdrop of H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos. The collection is edited by Michael Reaves and John Pelan who also contributed the introduction. Doyle's estate approved the book.
 Critical Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the humanities published by Wiley-Blackwell. The editor-in-chief is Colin MacCabe. The journal notably published the Black Papers on education starting in 1969.
 Star Wars: From the Adventures of Luke Skywalker is the original title of the novelization of the film Star Wars.
 The Farmer's Wife is an 8-page comic book story by Joe Simon and Jack Kirby published in their genre-launching romance comic book Young Romance in 1947. The story tells of a young nurse and her marriage to a farmer fifteen years her senior. Typical of romance comics of the era the tale expresses male viewpoints on female behavior domesticity love sex and marriage and advocates female self-sacrifice for the sake of a lasting marriage.
 9 Tales of Space and Time is an anthology of original science fiction stories edited by Raymond J. Healy published in hardcover by Henry Holt in 1954. A British edition appeared in 1955 with the title rendered Nine Tales of Space and Time. No paperback editions are reported.
 The European Union as a small power - after the post Cold War by Asle Toje first published in 2010 explores the politics and security of the Small Powers from the Late Middle Ages to 1945 and the reason for their decline. It then continues by forecasting the position of the European Union (EU) for the first decades on the 2000s.
 The Immortals is the final book of the Edge Chronicles by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell. It was released on September 14 2010 in the United States and Canada.
 Postmortem is a crime fiction novel by author Patricia Cornwell. The first book of the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series it received the 1991 Edgar Award for Best First Novel.
 Orchid Digest is an academic journal about orchidology.
 Report about Case Srebrenica (the first part) was a controversial official report on the July 1995 Srebrenica massacre in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Moon Fate is the sixteenth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 Jihai (JIHAI〜磁海〜 JIHAI ~jihai~) is a SF Manga series by Toshimi Nigoshi that was serialized in comic B’s-LOG magazine (an Enterbrain publication) from April 2006 until January 2008. The series was collected in three tankōbon volumes. The English-language release was licensed by CMX Manga. It was published in English in 2009.
 Clarín (English: flugelhorn) is the largest newspaper in Argentina published by the Grupo Clarín media group. It was founded by Roberto Noble on 28 August 1945. It is popularly understood to oppose the Kirchner government.
 Law Week Colorado is Colorado's weekly newspaper for lawyers and an information source on legal issues in the state. It circulates to lawyers judges and general counsel from offices in Denver. It also is an official Colorado legal publication as defined by state statute.The newspaper launched in 2002 is owned by privately held Circuit Media LLC which also owns State Bill Colorado and Fresh Magazine.
 Kōtarō Makaritōru! (コータローまかりとおる! lit. Kōtarō Breakthrough!) is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuya Hiruta. It was published by Kodansha in Shōnen Magazine from 1982 to 1994 and collected in 59 tankōbon volumes and was followed by two sequel series: Shin Kōtarō Makaritōru! which ran from 1995 to 2001 and collected in 27 volumes and Kōtarō Makaritōru! L which ran from 2001 to 2004 and collected in eight volumes.
 AIP Conference Proceedings is a series of scientific journals published by the American Institute of Physics since 1970. The journal publishes the proceedings from various meetings of physics societies. Alison Waldron is the current Acquisitions Editor for AIP Conference Proceedings.
 The Saint Around the World is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris first published in 1956 by The Crime Club in the United States and by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom in 1957.
 For the dance see Spiral Dance. For the band see Spiral Dance (band).The Spiral Dance: a Rebirth of the Ancient Religion of the Great Goddess is a best-selling book about Neopagan belief and practice written by Starhawk. It was first published in 1979 with a second edition in 1989 and a third edition in 1999. Since its publication it has become a classic book on Wicca and modern witchcraft spiritual feminism and the Goddess movement and ecofeminism.
 Colorado Music Buzz Magazine is a United States-based magazine devoted to Colorado music arts and entertainment that is published monthly across the Front Range of Colorado. Colorado Music Buzz Magazine was founded in Parker Colorado in 2005 by Keith Schneider and Eric F. Fletcher. The magazine is known for its positive coverage of the Colorado music scene with a focus on the bands and artists who have reached a mid level of success and have a chance to break nationally.
 Phantom is a 1990 novel by Susan Kay based on the Gaston Leroux novel The Phantom of the Opera. It is a biography of the title character Erik.
 The Albany Law Review is a quarterly law review edited by students at Albany Law School. The Albany Law Review is the school's flagship journal and one of three student-edited law journals published by the school. The other journals are the Albany Law Journal of Science and Technology and the Albany Government Law Review.
 Motor Trend is an American automobile magazine. It first appeared in September 1949 issued by Petersen Publishing Company in Los Angeles and bearing the tag line The Magazine for a Motoring World. Petersen Publishing was sold to British publisher EMAP in 1998 who sold the former Petersen magazines to Primedia in 2001. As of 2007 it is published by Source Interlink.
 Shake Hands Forever is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell first published in 1975. It is the 9th entry in her popular Inspector Wexford series.
 A Corner of the Universe is a young adult's novel by Ann M. Martin published in 2002. It won a Newbery Honor in 2003.
 The Last Summer of Reason is a novel by Algerian writer Tahar Djaout. It was originally written and published in French. The English translation was produced by Marjolijn de Jagar and published by Ruminator Press in 2001 with a foreword by Wole Soyinka. The novel was published posthumously.
 A Thousand Tomorrows is the first book in the Cody Gunner series by Karen Kingsbury.
 Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fictions and Illusions is a collection of short stories and poems by Neil Gaiman. It was first published in the US in 1998 and in the UK in 1999.Many of the stories in this book are reprints from other sources such as magazines anthologies and collections (including ten stories and poems from Gaiman's earlier small press miscellany Angels and Visitations).
 The Sunday Times Magazine is a magazine included with The Sunday Times. In 1962 it became the first colour supplement to be published as a supplement to a UK newspaper and its arrival “broke the mould of weekend newspaper publishing”. The magazine is renowned for its in-depth journalism high-quality photography and extensive range of subject matter. It has had many famous contributors including international authors photographers and artists.
 The Tommyknockers is a 1987 science fiction novel by Stephen King. While maintaining a horror style the novel is more of an excursion into the realm of science fiction for King as the residents of the Maine town of Haven gradually fall under the influence of a mysterious object buried in the woods.
 The Arkansas Historical Quarterly is the scholarly journal of the Arkansas Historical Association. It publishes articles on the history of Arkansas and is currently edited by Patrick G. Williams (University of Arkansas at Fayetteville).
 The Journal of Music Teacher Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of music education. The journal's editor-in-chief is Janice Killian (Texas Tech University). It was established in 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Society of Music Educators.
 The Bridge on the Drina (Serbo-Croatian: Na Drini ćuprija На Дрини ћуприја [na drǐːni tɕǔprija]) sometimes restyled as The Bridge Over the Drina is a novel by Bosnian writer Ivo Andrić. Andrić wrote the novel while living quietly in Belgrade during World War II publishing it in 1945.
 Buckskin Brigades is a Western novel written by L. Ron Hubbard first published July 30 1937. The work was Hubbard's first hard-covered book and his first published novel. The next year he became a contributor to Astounding Science Fiction. Winfred Blevins wrote the introduction to the book. Some sources state that as a young man Hubbard became a blood brother to the Piegan Blackfeet Native American tribe while living in Montana though this claim is disputed.
 Hatshepsut: Daughter of Amun is a novel written by Moyra Caldecott in 1989. It was first published in Great Britain in 1989 as a paperback by Arrow Books Limited (ISBN 0-09-959850-7).
 A Pair of Blue Eyes is a novel by Thomas Hardy published in 1873 first serialised between September 1872 and July 1873. It was Hardy's third novel but the first to bear his name on publication.
 Gather Yourselves Together is an early novel by the science fiction author Philip K. Dick written around 1948-1950 and published posthumously by WCS Books in 1994. As with many of his early books which were considered unsuitable for publication when they were first submitted as manuscripts this was not science fiction but rather a work of straight literary fiction. The manuscript was 481 pages in length.
 Bomberman B-Daman Bakugaiden Victory or Bomberman B-Daman Bakugaiden V (Bビーダマン爆外伝V) is a Coro Coro Comic series by Koichi Mikata based on Bomberman and B-Daman. The animated television series is broadcast on Nagoya TV. V stands for Victory but the anime is also based on the 5th BB-daman manga.
 Woman with Birthmark (Kvinna med födelsemärke) is a 1996 novel by Håkan Nesser which won the Best Swedish Crime Novel Award in the same year. The English translation will be published in 2009.It was also made into a Swedish mini-series for TV in 2001.
 Toxin Reviews is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on toxins and their characteristics activities and mechanisms of action ranging in scope from new underutilized substances through antivenoms to chemical and biological weapons. It is published by Informa. The editor-in-chief is R.
 Naked Punch Review is a quarterly interdisciplinary review and magazine of philosophy art politics and poetry run voluntarily by young figures in those fields. Contributors have included Antonio Negri Tariq Ali Wim Wenders Arthur Danto Richard Shusterman Simon Critchley Walden Bello Michael Taussig Adonis Mahmoud Darvish among others. The magazine was founded in 2002 by a group of young London-based thinkers.
 Getting into Death is a collection of science fiction stories by Thomas M. Disch. It was first published by Rupert Hart-Davis in 1974. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Transatlantic Review Fantasy and Science Fiction Amazing Stories Fantastic New Worlds The Paris Review and Antæus.
 The Solar Pons Omnibus is a collection of detective fiction stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1982 by Arkham House in an edition of 3031 copies. The collection was published in two volumes with a slipcase. The set collects all of the Solar Pons stories of August Derleth. The stories are pastiches of the Sherlock Holmes tales of Arthur Conan Doyle. The collection was edited by Basil Copper.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twelfth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0-312-13222-4) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1995. It is the 12th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series and won the Locus Award for best anthology.
 The Mystery at the Ski Jump is the twenty-ninth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1952 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Alma Sasse.
 Tekniikan Maailma (English: World of Technology) is one of the leading automobile magazines in Finland and the biggest all around technology magazine in Scandinavia published by Otava Media. The magazine covers all kinds of technology but around half is related to automobiles. The magazine started in 1945 as Harrastelija -lehti (English: Hobbyist -magazine) and was named to Tekniikan Maailma in 1953.
 Modern C++ Design: Generic Programming and Design Patterns Applied is a book written by Andrei Alexandrescu published in 2001 by Addison-Wesley. It has been regarded as one of the most important C++ books by Scott Meyers.The book makes use of and explores a C++ programming technique called template metaprogramming. While Alexandrescu didn't invent the technique he has popularized it among programmers. His book contains solutions to practical problems which C++ programmers may face.
 Mourning Becomes Electra is a play cycle written by American playwright Eugene O'Neill. The play premiered on Broadway at the Guild Theatre on 26 October 1931 where it ran for 150 performances before closing in March 1932. In May 1932 it was revived at the Alvin Theatre (now the Neil Simon Theatre) and in 1972 at the Circle in the Square Theatre.
 Social Justice was an American Roman Catholic periodical published by Father Charles Coughlin during the late 1930s and early 1940s.Social Justice was controversial for printing antisemitic polemics such as The Protocols of the Elders of Zion. Coughlin claimed that Marxist atheism in Europe was a Jewish plot against America.
 I heard a Fly buzz—when I died also known as Poem 465 is the informal name for an untitled poem by American author Emily Dickinson. In the poem the narrator is on his or her deathbed describing the progression of the narrator's death.
 Thunderhead is a 1998 thriller novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child.
 The Donegal News (also known as Derry People/Donegal News and formerly Derry People) is a twice-weekly local newspaper in the northwest of the island of Ireland first published in 1902. Originally covering Derry Northern Ireland it moved across the border to Letterkenny County Donegal at the beginning of World War II and took on more of a Donegal focus.
 Rubber Blanket was an alternative comics anthology magazine edited by the husband/wife team of cartoonist David Mazzucchelli and painter/colorist Richmond Lewis. It was self-published under the banner of Rubber Blanket Press in a deluxe oversized format from 1991 to 1993 (three issues).While an anthology of different artists Rubber Blanket is mostly a showcase for Mazzucchelli's work.
 Genome (Russian: Геном Genom) is a science fiction/detective novel by the popular Russian sci-fi writer Sergei Lukyanenko. The novel began a series also called Genome consisting of Dances on the Snow (a prequel although written later) and Cripples (a sequel). The novel explores the problems of the widespread use of human genetic engineering which alters not only human physiology but also psychology.
 The 1990 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the nineteenth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in July 1990 followed by a hardcover edition issued in August of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club.
 Caravans is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1994.
 The Punisher was a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 1986 starring the fictional vigilante the Punisher. It was written by Steven Grant and illustrated by Mike Zeck and Mike Vosburg.
 Three Seconds (original title: Tre sekunder) is a dark award-winning thriller by the Swedish crime-writing team of Anders Roslund and Borge Hellström. First published in Sweden in (2009) it was translated into English in 2010. The novel deals with criminals in contemporary Sweden the Police and Probation Officials who monitor these offenders and the government who wants to use them as undercover operatives.
 Tajika Neelakanthi is a treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology written in Sanskrit Slokas by the celebrated authority on Tajika Sastra Neelakantha son of Ananta Deva on the basis of many earlier works of Samar Singh and others. He completed this work in the year 1509 Saka or 1587 A.D.
 The Crusades is an American comic book series published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. It was created by writer Steven T. Seagle and artist Kelley Jones.
 Return of the Dark Side is the sixth book in Jude Watson's series The Last of the Jedi.
 Abyad wa Aswad (Black and White in English) is an Arabic independent weekly political culture magazine published in Syria. The magazine is privately owned.
 Put Down Your Whip also translated as Lay Down Your Whip (Chinese: 放下你的鞭子; pinyin: Fàngxià nǐde biānzi) was a 1931 Chinese street play written by Chen Liting during the Republican era who drew inspiration from the earlier play Meiniang by Tian Han.Originally an anti-government play it was adapted to take on an anti-Japanese theme after growing Japanese aggression against China.
 Chinese National Geography (Chinese: 中国国家地理) is a Chinese monthly magazine similar to the National Geographic Magazine. Founded in 1949 in China the magazine has revamped itself several times and is now a popular magazine in mainland China. There is also an edition in traditional Chinese for readers in Hong Kong and Taiwan.In April 2009 it launched its first bi-monthly international edition Chinese National Geography English edition.
 A Many-Splendoured Thing is a novel by Han Suyin. It was made into the 1955 film Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing which also inspired a famous song. In her autobiographical work My House Has Two Doors she evinced no interest in even watching the film in Singapore where it ran for several months.
 Reforma is a Mexican newspaper based in Mexico City. It has 276700 readers in Mexico City. The paper shares content with other papers in parent newsgroup Grupo Reforma. The cumulative readership of the newsgroup is above 400000.
 The Stars in the Bright Sky is the sixth novel by Scottish writer Alan Warner. First published in 2010 it is a follow-up to his 1998 book The Sopranos. The earlier novel followed a group of Catholic schoolgirls from a bleak town in the west coast of Scotland on a disastrous day trip to Edinburgh to participate in a national choir competition. The Stars in the Bright Sky returns to most of these characters three years later and presents an account of their attempt to arrange a holiday abroad.
 Spremnost was a weekly newsmagazine of former Ustaše movement from Zagreb that has written about everything politics war economy and culture. Magazine was published from the beginning of 1942 until breakdown of the Independent State of Croatia in May 1945.
 The Journal of Mundane Behavior was a peer-reviewed academic journal of sociology covering everyday behavior and experiences. It was published online with three issues a year. The journal's first issue came out in February 2000 and the last issue appeared in 2004. The journal was dedicated to exploring the minor redundant and commonplace scenes of life and celebrating the majesty of the obvious.
 Taiwan Daily (Chinese: 台灣日報; pinyin: Táiwān Rìbào) was a daily newspaper based in Taiwan that began circulation on October 25 1964 and ended on June 6 2006.
 Abominable Firebug is a book about survival as one of America’s throwaway children.
 The Asia-Pacific Journal of Public Health is a quarterly peer-reviewed public health journal published by Sage Publications. It was established in 1987 and is the official journal of the Asia-Pacific Academic Consortium for Public Health. It covers public health related issues especially as relating to the Asia-Pacific region. The editor-in-chief is Wah Yun Low (University of Malaya).
 Fužinski bluz is a novel by Slovenian author Andrej E. Skubic. It was first published in 2001.
 The Pixilated Peeress is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp. It is the second book in his sequence of two Neo-Napolitanian novels following The Incorporated Knight. It was first published in hardcover by Del Rey Books in August 1991 and in paperback by the same publisher in September 1992. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
 The Big Fat Kill is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Dark Horse Comics in November 1994–March 1995.
 Nation's Restaurant News (NRN) is an American trade publication founded in 1967 that covers the foodservice industry including restaurants restaurant chains operations marketing and events. It is owned by Penton Media who purchased it from founding company Lebhar-Friedman in December 2010.
 Moscow 1812: Napoleon's Fatal March is a non-fiction book analysing the events and circumstances during the French Invasion of Russia and the events during the reign of Napoleon which would ultimately mark the ending of the Napoleonic empire after his troops were defeated after attempting to access Moscow. The book was written by Adam Zamoyski and first published on August 3 2004 by HarperCollins; receiving positive reviews by critics and the media.
 Obama's Last Stand is an e-book written by POLITICO's White House correspondent Glenn Thrush on Barack Obama. The book deals with the Barack Obama presidential campaign 2012 and the tactics which he will use in the campaign and also deals with the differences within the his campaign team.
 South Pacific (1992) is a book by American author James A. Michener. As retold by Michener the book is based on Rodgers and Hammerstein's award-winning musical South Pacific based on Michener's 1947 book Tales of the South Pacific about the lives of officers nurses a French expatriate and natives on the islands of the South Pacific during World War II. Includes discussion of the original Broadway production and its cast.
 The Truth About Diamonds is a 2005 novel written by Nicole Richie.
 The Ski Bum is a novel by Lithuanian-French author Romain Gary (1914–1980). French translation was published in 1969 under the title 'Adieu Gary Cooper'. The novel tells the story of Lenni a 21-year-old boy escaping from America his country of birth to pursue his dreams in the Alpine mountains of Switzerland. The story is about how he faces his obstacles with his logic.
 A Way of Life: Over Thirty Years of Blood Sweat and Tears is an autobiographical book written by Reginald Kray describing his personal highs and lows throughout his 30 years inside the British prison system. First published in hardback in 2000 by Sidgwick & Jackson and in paperback by Pan Books 2001.
 The Canadian Journal of Political Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Canadian Political Science Association. In 1968 it was split off from a previous journal called The Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science.
 The Fifth Witness is the 23rd novel by American author Michael Connelly and features the fourth starring appearance of Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Michael Mickey Haller. The Fifth Witness was released in the United States on April 5 2011.
 Children of a Lesser God is a play by Mark Medoff published in 1980 focusing on the conflicted professional and romantic relationship between deaf former student Sarah Norman and her teacher James Leeds.
 The Gorilla Hunters: A Tale of the Wilds of Africa (1861) is a boys' adventure novel by Scottish author R. M. Ballantyne. A sequel set in darkest Africa to his hugely successful 1858 novel The Coral Island its main characters are the earlier novel's three boys. The book's themes are similar to those of The Coral Island in which the boys testify to the positive influence of missionary work among the natives.
 The Journal of Modern Applied Statistical Methods is a biannual peer-reviewed open access journal. It was established in 2002 by Shlomo Sawilowsky. The Current Index to Statistics classifies it as one of over 160 core statistics journals. The journal appears both as a print and electronic journal.
 A Member of the Third House is a novel by American author Hamlin Garland.
 Steel Brother is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Tor Books in 1985 and reprints most of the stories from Dickson's earlier collection Dickson! with one additional story. The stories originally appeared in the magazines SFWA Bulletin Astounding Galaxy Science Fiction Analog Science Fiction and Fact Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine and Science Fiction Stories.
 The Rabbit Factory is the first novel by author Marshall Karp. It tells the story of detectives Mike Lomax and Terry Biggs as they investigate a series of murders directed at fictional company Lamaar a parody of Disney starting with the murder of the man wearing the Rambunctious Rabbit costume in the theme park whose murder is depicted on the cover. The second Lomax and Biggs novel Bloodthirsty was released May 1 2007.
 Immediate Family is a 1992 photography book by Sally Mann. The book is published by Aperture and contains 65 duotone images. The book predominately features Mann's three children Emmett Jessie and Virginia who also appear on the front cover. 13 of the pictures show nudity and two show minor injuries; Emmett with a nosebleed and Jessie with a swollen eye. Stills from the book were displayed at the Edwynn Houk Gallery in 1992 and again 15 years later in 2007.
 The Bronx Zoo: The Astonishing Inside Story of the 1978 World Champion New York Yankees is a nonfiction book written by former Major League Baseball pitcher Sparky Lyle and Peter Golenbock. A memoir of Lyle's tenure with the New York Yankees the book documents the 1978 New York Yankees season including the 1978 World Series and conflicts between players.
 El Arsenal is a Mexican comic book series created by writer Salvador Vázquez and artist Daniel Pérez. The comic was first released in 2005 and is published by Arcana Studio.
 Radiant Shadows is an Urban fantasy novel by Melissa Marr. It is set in the same universe as Marr's previous YA novels but is not a sequel to Fragile Eternity; rather it is a companion novel like Ink Exchange was focusing on a different set of characters.
 Last Call (1992) is a fantasy novel by Tim Powers. It was published by William Morrow & Co in 1992 with ISBN 0-688-10732-X. It is the first book in a loose trilogy called Fault Lines; the second book Expiration Date (1995) is vaguely related to Last Call the third book Earthquake Weather (1997) acts as a sequel to the first two books.
 Encounter with a Skull is a short story by Koda Rohan.
 Shift is a 2010 alternative history book by Tim Kring and Dale Peck and is the first book in the Gates of Orpheus trilogy originally titled as the Flag of Orpheus trilogy. The book was released on August 10 2010 by Crown Publishing and centers around a series of secretive government experiments with LSD and its repercussions.
 Dirty White Boys is a novel by American author Stephen Hunter. It covers the escape of convict Lamar Pye and two accomplices from a penitentiary in the mid-western USA and highway patrol officer Bud Pewtie's attempts to track them down.The events in the novel are set in between Black Light and Point of Impact Hunter's first and second novels in the Bob Lee Swagger series.
 Les Proscrits (sometimes translated into English as The Exiles) is a French novel by Honoré de Balzac published in 1831 by éditions Gosselin then in 1846 by Furne Dubochet Hetzel in Études philosophiques. He subtitled it an esquisse historique.
 Dreams from R'lyeh is a collection of poems by Lin Carter. It was released in 1975 by Arkham House in an edition of 3152 copies. It was Carter's only book published by Arkham House. The Sonnet Cycle Dreams from R'lyeh that comprises the first two-thirds of the book consists of poems inspired by H. P. Lovecraft and the Cthulhu Mythos. The Sonnet Cycle portion of this volume has also been reprinted in Robert M. Price (ed).
 The Standard-Times (and Sunday Standard-Times) based in New Bedford Massachusetts is the larger of two daily newspapers covering the South Coast of Massachusetts along with The Herald News of Fall River.Like the Cape Cod Times which is the only larger newspaper in Southeastern Massachusetts The Standard-Times is owned by Local Media Group.
 Marionette Generation (マリオネット ジェネレーション Marionetto Jenereeshon) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Haruhiko Mikimoto. The manga was serialised in Kadokawa Shoten's Newtype beginning in 1989 and was later collected into five tankōbon volumes which were published between July 1989 and March 1998. The series was licensed in North America by Viz Media who serialized it in Animerica Extra. The manga is also licensed in France by Panini Comics' Planet Manga imprint.
 The Oman Journal of Ophthalmology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Oman Ophthalmic Society.
 Homo Sapiens (1895–96; tr. 1915) is a trilogy by Polish author Stanisław Przybyszewski. The novels were originally published in German as Über Bord (1896 Overboard) Unterwegs (1895 By the Way) and Im Malstrom (1895 In the Maelstrom). It deals with the question of deviance and sexuality and is counted among Przybyszewski's most important and best-known works. It was well received in Germany but withdrawn from sale by its U.S. publisher after being labelled obscene.
 Calyx: A Journal of Art and Literature by Women is an American literary magazine published in Corvallis Oregon. The journal was established in 1976 and by 2012 had published the work of some 4000 female authors. The journal's publishing arm CALYX Books has published 40 titles to date.
 Black Sun (Black Sun 奴隷王 Black Sun Dorei Ou lit. Black Sun Slave King) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Uki Ogasawara. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on 4 November 2008.
 Complex is a New York-based bi-monthly magazine founded by the fashion designer Marc Ecko that has expanded into a lifestyle website and media network for young men aged 16–29.
 The Majalla often directly transliterated as Al Majalla (Arabic:المجلة the magazine) is a Saudi-owned London-based political news journal published in Arabic English and Persian.The Majalla along with Sayidaty and Al Yamamah is among popular magazines in Saudi Arabia.
 Blitzcat is a 1989 novel by Robert Westall and recipient of the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize.
 Holy Knight (ホーリーナイト Hōrī Naito) is a Japanese manga by Maya Miyazaki. It was adapted into an OVA.
 Sector 7 is a wordless picture book created and illustrated by David Wiesner. Published in 1999 by Clarion Books it was the recipient of the Caldecott Honor for illustration in 2000.
 Rebecca's Tale is a 2001 novel by British author Sally Beauman. The book is a sequel to the Daphne du Maurier novel Rebecca and is officially approved by the Du Maurier estate. It continues the original plot and is also roughly consistent with the 1993 sequel Mrs de Winter by Susan Hill.
 The Rodeo Murder is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in April 1960 in the short-story collection Three at Wolfe's Door (Viking Press).
 Noticias de la Semana is a weekly newsmagazine in Spanish published in Argentina where it is known simply as Noticias (News). Founded and published by Jorge Fontevecchia in a format similar to U.S.
 Karakurizōshi Ayatsuri Sakon (人形(からくり)草紙あやつり左近 lit. Doll Puppeteer Sakon) is a manga series written by Masaru Miyazaki (under the alias Sharakumaro) and illustrated by Takeshi Obata. The plot follows Tachibana Sakon (橘 左近) a bunraku puppeteer who solves mysteries with Ukon (右近) a puppet.Karakurizōshi Ayatsuri Sakon was serialized in the Shueisha magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1995 to 1996. The chapters were collected into four Tankōbon bound volumes.
 Imaginings of Sand is a South African novel by André Brink published in 1996. The author wrote the book in Afrikaans and in English. It is set in South Africa at the time of the first democratic elections.
 Bad for Democracy: How the Presidency Undermines the Power of the People (2008) is a non-fiction book written by Vanderbilt professor Dana D. Nelson. It is notable for its criticism of excessive presidential power and for her call for substantive political reform. Nelson's focus is not on particular presidents but she argues that the office of the presidency itself endangers the great American experiment.
 Primorski dnevnik (English: The Littoral Daily) mostly known as Primorski is a Slovene language daily newspaper published in Trieste Italy. It is the only Slovene daily in any country other than Slovenia and one of the three historical daily newspapers in Italy published in a language other than Italian (the other two are the German-language Dolomiten and Neue Südtiroler Tageszeitung).
 The Goražde Psalter (Serbian: Гораждански псалтир or Goraždanski psaltir) is a printed psalter published in 1521 in Church Slavonic of the Serbian recension. It is counted among the better accomplishments of early Serb printers. With its 352 leaves it is the largest of the three books produced by the Goražde printing house—the first printing house in the territory of present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 X-Men: Apocalypse vs. Dracula was a four-issue comic book limited series published in 2006 by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Frank Tieri and drawn by Clayton Henry.
 Fire Safety Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal dealing with original and multidisciplinary research on all aspects of the science and engineering of fire fire safety and fire protection.
 The Ogre Downstairs is a 1974 fantasy novel for children. It is British author Diana Wynne Jones' third published novel.
 Duma Key is a novel by American novelist Stephen King published in 2008. The book reached #1 on the New York Times Bestseller List. It is King's first novel to be set in Florida or Minnesota. The dust jacket features holographic lettering.
 Matkalla Porkkalaan is a Finnish play. It was written about Ivan Belov and the events before his death in 1944 in the Lauttasaari and was performed in 2006.
 Gods Demi-Gods & Heroes is a supplementary rulebook for the Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) fantasy role-playing game. Its product designation is TSR 2006.
 Blue Ribbon Comics is the name of two American comic book anthology series the first published by the Archie Comics predecessor MLJ Magazines Inc. commonly known as MLJ Comics during the 1930s and 1940s period known as the Golden Age of Comic Books and the second published in the 1980s by Archie Comics under the Red Circle and Archie Adventure Series banners.It was also the title of a six-issue comic book published in 1949 by St. John Publications.
 The Ann Arbor News is a newspaper serving Washtenaw and Livingston counties in Michigan. Published daily online through MLive.com the paper also publishes print editions on Thursdays and Sundays.
 The Cat Who Dropped A Bombshell is the twenty-eighth book in the Cat Who series by Lilian Jackson Braun. This book contains a fictional interview (with true facts) between Ms. Braun and Jim Qwilleran a main character in the story.
 The Liberator was a monthly socialist magazine established by Max Eastman and his sister Crystal Eastman in 1918 to continue the work of The Masses which was shut down by the wartime mailing regulations of the U.S. government. Intensely political the magazine included copious quantities of art poetry and fiction along with political reporting and commentary.
 The Portadown Times is a newspaper based in Portadown County Armagh Northern Ireland UK. It is published by Johnston Publishing (NI) part of Johnston Press who own thirty-seven papers across Ireland.Founded in the 1920s the Portadown was a poor second to the longer-established Portadown News and - until it was taken over in the 1950s by James Morton remained that way.
 Chester the Molester (also known as Chester the Protector) was a comic strip by the late Dwaine B. Tinsley (December 31 1945 – May 23 2000) who was Hustler magazine's cartoon editor. Tinsley produced the strip for 13 years. The premise of the strip was a tongue-in-cheek take on a man Chester who was interested in sexually molesting women and prepubescent girls.
 Dancing with the dead (comic thriller in two acts) is a 2005 play by Georgian playwright Miho Mosulishvili.
 The Coquette or The History of Eliza Wharton is an epistolary novel by Hannah Webster Foster. It was published anonymously in 1797 and did not appear under the author's real name until 1856 16 years after Webster's death. It was one of the best-selling novels of its time and was reprinted eight times between 1824 and 1828.
 Texas (1985) is a novel by James A. Michener based on the history of the Lone Star State. Characters include real and fictional characters explorers (particularly Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca) Spanish and German Texan settlers ranchers oil men aristocrats Chicanos and others all based on extensive historical research - although not so much in the part describing the origins of a family of Germany where Michener got his facts funtamentally wrong.
 The Anatomy of Dependence (甘えの構造 Amae no kōzō) is a non-fiction book written by Japanese psychoanalyst Takeo Doi which describes at length Doi's concept of amae which he describes as a uniquely Japanese need to be in good favor with and be able to depend on the people around oneself.
 Flashman in the Great Game is a 1975 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the fifth of the Flashman novels.
 Foundations of Christianity (German: Der Ursprung des Christentums) is a 1908 book by Marxist theoretician Karl Kautsky. In it he attempts to explain the origins of Christianity and claims that it can best be explained by historical materialism rather than divinity.
 The Pomegranate: The International Journal of Pagan Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of Pagan studies including historical sociological and anthropological studies dealing with contemporary Paganism and other forms of pagan religion. Since 2004 the journal has been published by Equinox Publishing and the editor-in-chief is Chas S.
 Nostalgia is a novel by the Romanian writer Mircea Cărtărescu.
 Macromolecular Chemistry and Physics is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science. It publishes Full Papers Talents Trends and Highlights in all areas of polymer science from chemistry to physical chemistry physics and materials science.
 The Surrogates is a five-issue comic book limited series written by Robert Venditti drawn by Brett Weldele and published by Top Shelf Productions from 2005 to 2006. In 2009 it was followed by a prequel graphic novel The Surrogates: Flesh and Bone.It has been made into a film Surrogates starring Bruce Willis.
 Rehabilitation Counseling Bulletin is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of rehabilitation counseling. The journal's editor-in-chief is Douglas Strohmer (The University of Memphis). It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane is a 2006 novel by Kate DiCamillo. Following the life of a china rabbit the book won the 2006 Boston Globe-Horn Book Award in Fiction category
 The Ancestor's Tale (subtitled A Pilgrimage to the Dawn of Life) is a 2004 popular science book by Richard Dawkins with contributions from Dawkins' research assistant Yan Wong. It follows the path of humans backwards through evolutionary history meeting humanity's cousins as they converge on common ancestors. The book was nominated for the 2005 Aventis Prize for Science Books.
 The Carthage Press is an American daily newspaper published in Carthage Missouri. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper bills itself as Southwest Missouri's Oldest Daily Newspaper; its daily predecessor The Evening Press began in 1885.
 The Mill on the Floss is a novel by George Eliot (Mary Ann Evans) first published in three volumes in 1860 by William Blackwood. The first American edition was published by Thomas Y. Crowell Co. New York.
 'Scorpion Soup' is a limited edition book of stories by the travel writer and novelist Tahir Shah. The collection is unusual in that all 18 stories link into one another starting with a first person story about a fisherman and returning to that same character. Inspired by the Arabian Nights Shah experiments with interwoven layers allowing one tale to flow into the next in a technique known as the Frame story.
 On Aggression (1966) is a book by ethologist Konrad Lorenz written in 1963. As he writes in the prologue the subject of this book is aggression that is to say the fighting instinct in beast and man which is directed against members of the same species. (Page 3)According to Lorenz animals particularly males are biologically programmed to fight over resources.
 The Disney Version: The Life Times Art and Commerce of Walt Disney is a 1968 book written by Richard Schickel. It is a biography of the life of Walt Disney.
 Notre Dame Philosophical Reviews (NDPR) (ISSN 1538-1617) is an online-only peer-reviewed publication of the University of Notre Dame that contains book reviews of books in topics related to philosophy.
 Time to Hunt is a 1999 thriller novel and the third in the Bob Lee Swagger series by Stephen Hunter. In narrative sequence it is preceded by Point of Impact and Black Light.
 My Wonderful Day is a 2009 play by Alan Ayckbourn. It is about a nine-year-old girl Winnie who has an essay to write about her day and records the shenanigans of grown-ups around her.This was the first Ayckbourn play to feature parts written specifically for black actors and the first adult Ayckbourn play to feature a child as the main character.
 The Prow Beast is the fourth and final novel of the Oathsworn series by Scottish writer of historical fiction Robert Low released on 5 August 2010 through Harper. The novel was well received.
 Two Frogs is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Chris Wormell published in 2003. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Bronze Award and was shortlisted for the Kate Greenaway Medal.
 Blue Ocean Strategy is a book published in 2005 and written by W. Chan Kim and Renée Mauborgne Professors at INSEAD and Co-Directors of the INSEAD Blue Ocean Strategy Institute. Based on a study of 150 strategic moves spanning more than a hundred years and thirty industries Kim & Mauborgne show that companies can succeed not by battling competitors but rather by creating ″blue oceans″ of uncontested market space.
 Skinner's Mission is a 1997 novel by Quintin Jardine. It is the sixth of the Bob Skinner novels.
 The Express is a free daily newspaper distributed in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area.
 Blood Eagle is a novel by Craig Russell. First published in 2005 it is the first in a series of crime novels set in Hamburg Germany and featuring Kriminalhauptkommissar Jan Fabel. Blood Eagle as well the follow-up novels in the series are characterized by their use of history mythology and legend. In Blood Eagle Fabel hunts a serial-killer who uses an ancient Viking ritual of human sacrifice the Blood Eagle to kill his victims.
 The Simoqin Prophecies (2004 Penguin India) is a fantasy novel in English written by Indian author Samit Basu and is the first novel in the GameWorld trilogy.
 RSQ was a Slovene music magazine published monthly.
 Harimau! Harimau! (translated as Tiger!) is an Indonesian novel written by Mochtar Lubis and originally published in 1975. Written in a Madiun prison as a response to Indonesians following President Sukarno's leadership without question it tells the story of seven dammar collectors who are attacked by a tiger on their way back to their village and are unable to be saved by their charismatic leader.
 Nonzero: The Logic of Human Destiny is a book by Robert Wright originally published in 2000. It argues that biological evolution and cultural evolution are shaped and directed first and foremost by non-zero-sumness i.e. the prospect of creating new interactions that are not zero-sum.
 Pierre et Luce is a 1920 novel by the Nobel Prize-winning French author Romain Rolland. It focuses on the impact of the First World War on two lovers Pierre and Luce. The older brother of Pierre is off fighting on the Western Front. The novel also seems to depict the Paris Gun attack on the St-Gervais-et-St-Protais Church.
 Pageant was a 20th-century monthly magazine published in the United States from November 1944 until February 1977. Printed in a digest size format it became Coronet magazine's leading competition although it aimed for comparison to Reader's Digest.Pageant was founded and first published by Hillman Periodicals. Publisher Alex L.
 Sky Kids magazine was a monthly magazine which came with the Sky Magazine. It was available exclusively to BSkyB customers with children and was provided free upon request where visitors to the Sky website could request the magazine for their children by entering their details and viewing card numbers. The magazine contained games puzzles competitions and TV highlights. It was closed in 2009 with the October issue being the final edition.
 The Greatest Gift is a 1943 short story written by Philip Van Doren Stern which became the basis for the film It's a Wonderful Life (1946).The film was nominated for five Oscars and has been recognized by the American Film Institute as one of the 100 best American films ever made placing number 11 on its initial 1998 greatest movie list and would also place number one on its list of the most inspirational American films of all time.
 The Attenbury Emeralds is the third Lord Peter Wimsey detective novel to be written by Jill Paton Walsh. It was published by Hodder & Stoughton in September 2010.The Attenbury Emeralds recounts how Lord Peter begins his hobby of amateur sleuthing in 1921 by becoming involved in the recovery of the Attenbury Emeralds. Lord Peter’s first case is a mystery mentioned by Lord Peter's creator Dorothy L.
 Perchance to Dream is a detective crime novel by Robert B. Parker written as an authorized sequel to The Big Sleep by Raymond Chandler. Following his post-mortem collaboration with Chandler on Poodle Springs this 1991 release is the second and final Philip Marlowe novel written by Parker.
 The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is an eight-issue comic book limited series adapting the L. Frank Baum novel of the same name. The series was written by Eric Shanower with art by Skottie Young and published by Marvel Comics.
 Sin Chew Daily (Chinese: 星洲日報) formerly known as Sin Chew Jit Poh is a leading Chinese-language newspaper in Malaysia. According to report from the Audit Bureau of Circulation for the period ending 31 December 2011 Sin Chew Daily has an average daily circulation of almost 500000 copies and also the largest-selling Chinese-language newspaper outside Greater China.
 Beka Lamb is the debut novel from Belizean writer Zee Edgell published in 1982 as part of the Heinemann Caribbean Writers Series. It won the Fawcett Society Book Prize in 1983 and was one of the first novels from Belize to gain international recognition. The book deals with social insecurity racial prejudice and the rule of the consecutive church in a small town.
 My Son Marshall My Son Eminem is an autobiography by Debbie Nelson the mother of the American rapper Eminem. The British author Annette Witheridge helped her with the book. It was reported in September 2008 that the book sold over 100000 copies in the United Kingdom.
 Back to the Moon (ISBN 0-440-23538-3) was Homer Hickam's first book-length fiction published in June 1999. It is an adult scientific thriller with insider information about NASA.
 Birja is a popular Azerbaijani weekly free-of-charge announcements and advertising newspaper published by the Birja VDV. It was founded by Rafiq Abasov. The newspaper has one of the widest circulation in Azerbaijan (averaging over 10000 copies every week).Birja was founded in 1992 with the goal of providing an advertising newspaper in the Azerbaijan market where generally only a single local ad newspaper was available.Birja supports a nation-wide project of Khinalug village.
 The Imperial Cruise is a non-fiction book authored by James Bradley the son of one of the men who raised the American flag on Iwo Jima.
 The Black Crusade is a 2004 horror novel by Richard Harland. It is a prequel to Harland's earlier novel The Vicar of Morbing Vyle. It describes the journey of the hapless Basil Smorta a multi lingual bank clerk who is forced into the company of a group of fundamental Darwinists by their imprisonment of the object of his undying love Australian singer Volusia in a mobile iron box.
 Twenty-Four Hours in the Life of a Woman (German: Vierundzwanzig Stunden aus dem Leben einer Frau) is a 1927 novella by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig. It was filmed in 1952 1968 and 2002.
 Welcome to the Monkey House is a Kurt Vonnegut short story that is part of the collection Welcome to the Monkey House. It is alluded to in God Bless You Mr. Rosewater as one of Kilgore Trout's stories.
 Journal of Family Issues is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of family studies. The journal's editor-in-chief is Constance L. Shehan (University of Florida). It was established in 1980 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Fun Fare; a Treasury of Reader's Digest Wit and Humor is a best-selling publication of Reader's Digest. The original 1949 edition was produced in collaboration with Bob Hope. The original edition of Fun Fare comprised 300 pages of short comic stories illustrated in color by cartoonist Robert James Day signed on the cover as Robt Day. The book was still one of the best selling general titles three years later in 1952.
 Üle rahutu vee is a novel by Estonian author August Gailit. It was first published in 1951.
 Autumn Visits is a science fiction novel by Sergey Lukyanenko published in 1997 in book form. It is a novel written in a very unusual style for the author - shifting perspective of narrative.
 The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Robert A. Heinlein about a lunar colony's revolt against rule from Earth.
 The 1979 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the eighth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1979.
 The Shockwave Rider is a science fiction novel by John Brunner originally published in 1975. It is notable for its hero's use of computer hacking skills to escape pursuit in a dystopian future and for the coining of the word worm to describe a program that propagates itself through a computer network.
 Batman: Child of Dreams is a manga series written and illustrated by Kia Asamiya published in Kodansha's Magazine Z. The series follows Batman as he travels to Tokyo on the trail of a lethal drug that allows the person who ingests it to shapeshift into anyone they desire.Child of Dreams was collected in two volumes released in November 2000 and November 2001 by Kodansha. The English-language version was released in hardcover and softcover editions in 2003 by DC Comics.
 Hoka! is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson. It was first published by Wallaby in 1983. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction and Analog Science Fiction and Fact.
 Al-Ahram Weekly is an Egyptian English-language weekly broadsheet printed by the Al-Ahram Publishing House in Cairo Egypt.It was established in 1991 by the Al-Ahram newspaper which also runs a French-language weekly version Al-Ahram Hebdo.Between 1991 and 2005 Hani Shukrallah served as the paper's editor-in-chief. Gamal Nkrumah is the international affairs editor.
 Surface Detail by Iain M. Banks is a science fiction novel in his Culture series first published in the UK on 7 October 2010 and the US on 28 October 2010.
 The Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 2005 by the American Chemical Society. It is indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS) Scopus British Library and Web of Science. The current editors are William L. Jorgensen and Gustavo E. Scuseria.According to the 2012 Journal Citation Reports the impact factor of the Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation is 5.389.
 The Tar-Aiym Krang (1972) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. It is Foster’s first published novel and started both his Humanx Commonwealth universe and his two most popular recurring characters Pip and Philip Lynx (Flinx). The book is second chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series. The story follows Flinx an orphan and a thief as he steals a starmap from a dead body that leads to a strange alien artifact on an abandoned world.
 Quarry is a novel by Ally Kennen published in February 2011. Until the delivery date the book was planned to be called Rites but on 27 February 2010 the name was officially changed to Quarry.
 Inorganic Chemistry is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society since 1962. It covers research in all areas of inorganic chemistry. Its 2012 impact factor is 4.593.Inorganic Chemistry is abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service Scopus EBSCOhost Thomson-Gale ProQuest PubMed Web of Science and SwetsWise.The current editor-in-chief is William Tolman.
 Geographia Neoteriki (Greek: Γεωγραφία Νεωτερική Modern Geography) is a geography book written in Greek by Daniel Philippidis and Grigorios Konstantas and printed in Vienna in 1791. It focused on both the physical and human geography features of the European continent and especially on Southeastern Europe and is considered one of the most remarkable works of the modern Greek Enlightenment.
 The Dude: The Magazine Devoted to Pleasure was a men's magazine of the 1950s that was published bi-monthly by the Mystery Publishing Co. Inc. at 48 West 48th Street New York New York. The magazine was published from August 1956 to around 1976.The magazine contained articles on style music society politics women and contained seminude pictures of women.
 Copeia is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in ichthyology and herpetology that was named after Edward Drinker Cope a prominent American researcher in these fields. It is the official journal of the American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.644 ranking it 118th out of 151 journals in the category Zoology.
 The Court of a Thousand Suns is the third book in Chris Bunch and Allan Cole's The Sten Adventures.
 Milrose Munce and the Den of Professional Help is a 2008 young adult novel by Douglas Anthony Cooper and is his first book in the genre.
 The Gazet van Antwerpen (Antwerp Gazette popularly named De Frut sour head cheese) is a Belgian newspaper in Antwerp and Flanders published by Concentra.
 Marilyn: Norma Jean is a biography of Marilyn Monroe (born Norma Jean Baker) by feminist Gloria Steinem.
 The General Encyclopedia of the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute (Croatian: Opća enciklopedija Jugoslavenskog leksikografskog zavoda) is a general encyclopedia published in eight volumes by the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute in Zagreb between 1977 and 1982. It was the third edition of the encyclopedia with the first two editions being published under the name Enciklopedija leksikografskog zavoda (English: Encyclopedia of the Lexicographical Institute).
 American Education: The National Experience 1783–1876 is a 1980 nonfiction book by American historian Lawrence A. Cremin published by Harper and Row. The book is the second volume in Cremin's trilogy on U.S. schools throughout the nation's history. In 1981 the book won the Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Fort Worth Weekly is an alternative weekly newspaper that serves the Greater Fort Worth area (all of Tarrant County and some of Denton County). The newspaper has an approximate circulation of 75000. The Fort Worth Weekly is published every Wednesday and features news editorials profiles and reviews of art books theatrical productions food films music and more. With the exception of film the Weekly's editorial coverage is 100 percent local.
 Driving Blind is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury. All but four of the stories are original to this collection.
 The Cleveland Jewish News (the CJN) is a weekly Jewish newspaper headquartered in Beachwood Ohio a suburb of Cleveland. The newspaper contains local national and international news of Jewish interest.It was formed in 1964.
 Wild Meat and the Bully Burgers is a Japanese American-Hawaiian adult fiction novel by Lois-Ann Yamanaka. Its tonality is distinctive to that of a local Hawaiian culture in that all the main characters speak in Hawaiian Pidgin. Although it is an adult fiction novel the plot follows a young Japanese girl throughout her years in middle school.
 Journal of the Renin-Angiotensin-Aldosterone System is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Peripheral Vascular Disease. The journal's editors are Graham MacGregor and Peter Sever. It has been in publication since 2000 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Fear Is the Key is a 1961 first-person narrative thriller novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean and a 1972 British film based upon it.
 The Daily Journal of Commerce (DJC) is a U.S. newspaper published Monday Wednesday and Friday in Portland Oregon. It features business construction real estate legal news and public notices.
 A Conspiracy of Paper is a historical-mystery novel by David Liss set in London in the period leading up to the bursting of the South Sea Bubble in 1720.
 Brilliant Blue (ブリリアント☆BLUE Buririanto Blue) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Saemi Yorita. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume of the manga through its DokiDoki imprint on 6 May 2009. The second volume was released on 19 August 2009. Orita considers Nanami to be a stupid bottom character.
 Abyss is a Star Trek: Deep Space Nine novel written by David Weddle and Jeffrey Lang. It is part of the Star Trek: Section 31 miniseries and forms an early part of the Star Trek: Deep Space Nine relaunch developing some of the characters and plot lines introduced in the preceding Avatar books 1 and 2.
 Freedom from the Known is a book by Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895–1986) originally published 1969.
 Encountering Life in the Universe: Ethical Foundations and Social Implications of Astrobiology is a non-fiction book edited by astronomers Chris Impey and Bill Stoeger S.J. and scientist and science communicator Anna Spitz that explores the consequences of humanity encountering biology beyond the Earth from a variety of scholarly perspectives.
 Secret Servant: The Moneypenny Diaries is the second in a trilogy of novels chronicling the life of Miss Moneypenny M's personal secretary in Ian Fleming's James Bond series. The diaries are penned by Samantha Weinberg under the pseudonym Kate Westbrook who is depicted as the book's editor. Published by John Murray publishers Secret Servant was released on November 2 2006 in the UK following the first instalment subtitled Guardian Angel that was released in 2005.
 World Made by Hand is a dystopian novel by James Howard Kunstler published in 2008.
 See Ya Simon is a book written by David Hill and was released in 1992. It was written as a single book.
 The Mote in God's Eye is a science fiction novel by American writers Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle first published in 1974. The story is set in the distant future of Pournelle's CoDominium universe and charts the first contact between humanity and an alien species. The title of the novel is a wordplay on Luke 6:41–42 and Matthew 7:3–5 which names a star as seen from a newly settled planet. The Mote in God's Eye was nominated for the Hugo Nebula and Locus Awards in 1975. Robert A.
 Escape from Earth: New Adventures in Space (ISBN 978-1-58288-225-3) is an anthology of original science fiction edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois that was published in 2005.
 Once Is Not Enough is a 1973 novel by Jacqueline Susann. It was the #2 best-selling novel of 1973 in the United States. It was made into a 1975 film Jacqueline Susann's Once Is Not Enough directed by Guy Green and starring Kirk Douglas Deborah Raffin David Janssen and Brenda Vaccaro. Vaccaro was nominated for an Oscar as Best Supporting Actress for her role as Linda Riggs.
 Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is a 1999 novel by Helen Fielding a sequel to her popular Bridget Jones's Diary. It chronicles Bridget Jones's adventures after she begins to suspect that her boyfriend Mark Darcy is falling for a rich young solicitor who works in the same firm as him a woman called Rebecca. The comic novel follows the characteristic ups and downs of the self-proclaimed singleton's first real relationship in several years.
 William's Doll is a 1972 children's picture book by Charlotte Zolotow about a boy who wants a doll even though dolls typically are considered a toy only for girls. His father uncomfortable with William's request tries giving William toys the father considers more gender-appropriate such as a basketball and a train set; while William enjoys these toys he continues to ask for a doll.
 Amelia Peabody's Egypt : A Compendium is a 2003 non-fiction book edited by Elizabeth Peters and Kristen Whitbread.
 The Daily Sun is a Nigerian daily print newspaper founded and published in Ikeja Lagos Nigeria.As of 2011 The Sun had a daily print run of 130000 copies and 135000 for weekend titles with an average of 80% sales.This made The Sun the highest selling newspaper in Nigeria.The Daily Sun was incorporated on 29 March 2001. It started production as a weekly on 18 January 2003 and as a daily on 16 June 2003.
 A Fisherman of the Inland Sea is a 1994 collection of short stories and novellas by Ursula K. Le Guin. The collection was second in the 1995 Locus Award poll in the collection category.
 The Kansas City Times was a morning newspaper in Kansas City Missouri that was published from 1867 to 1990.The morning Kansas City Times under ownership of afternoon The Kansas City Star won two Pulitzer Prizes and was actually bigger than its parent when its name was changed to the Star.
 Halsbury’s Statutes of England and Wales (commonly referred to as Halsbury's Statutes) is the authoritative source for statute law in England and Wales.
 Ars Mathematica Contemporanea is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering mathematics and published by the Society of Mathematicians Physicists and Astronomers of Slovenia Slovenia together with the Institute of Mathematics Physics and Mechanics and the University of Primorska. It is devoted to problems in discrete mathematics in connection with other branches of mathematics. It is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt für Mathematik.
 The Sandman (German: Der Sandmann 1816) is a short story written in German by E. T. A. Hoffmann. It was the first in an 1817 book of stories titled Die Nachtstücke (The Night Pieces).
 The Fly is a short story by George Langelaan that was published in the June 1957 issue of Playboy magazine. It was first filmed in 1958 and then again in 1986. An opera of the same name by Howard Shore premiered at the Théâtre du Châtelet Paris in 2008.
 The Coventry Telegraph is a local English tabloid newspaper. Originally called The Midland Daily Telegraph it was founded in 1891 by William Isaac Iliffe as Coventry's first daily newspaper a four-page broadsheet newspaper originally sold for a half penny.
 Björk is a 192-page coffee table book published by the Icelandic singer and composer Björk Guðmundsdóttir (2001) designed by M/M Paris.
 Hypatia: A Journal of Feminist Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell that covers feminist philosophy. The editor-in-chief is Sally Scholz (Villanova University). Book reviews are published online by Hypatia Reviews Online. Shelley Wilcox (San Francisco State University) is the book review editor.Hypatia has its roots in the Society for Women in Philosophy.
 Hsinbyushin Ayedawbon (Burmese: ဆင်ဖြူရှင် အရေးတော်ပုံ) is an 18th-century Burmese chronicle of the first four years of King Bodawpaya of Konbaung Dynasty. Despite the name Hsinbyushin it is not the chronicle of Bodawpaya's famous brother King Hsinbyushin.The chronicle covers the early reign up to 1786 and consists of 74 palm leaves with 12 lines to a leaf.
 Way of the Peaceful Warrior is a part-fictional part-autobiographical book based upon the early life of the author Dan Millman. The book has been a bestseller in many countries since its first publication in 1980. The book initially had only modest sales before reportedly Hal Kramer came out of retirement to republish the book from the H. J. Kramer imprint of New World Library. In early 2006 a film based on the novel Peaceful Warrior was released.
 Stark is a 1989 novel by comedian Ben Elton. It was commercially and critically successful in the United Kingdom and Australia. It was Elton's first novel and launched his writing career. Stark was reprinted 23 times in its first year and ultimately sold well over a million copies making Elton one of a small number of novelists to sell more than a million copies of his or her first book. The novel was adapted into Stark a television miniseries.It is a comedy with environmental themes.
 Murder on Mars is a juvenile science fiction novel the sixteenth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1975. The second in the series to switch to detective work rather than space exploration.
 Yotsuba&! (よつばと! Yotsuba to!) is an ongoing Japanese comedy manga series by Kiyohiko Azuma the creator of Azumanga Daioh. It is published in Japan by ASCII Media Works formerly MediaWorks in the monthly magazine Dengeki Daioh and collected in twelve tankōbon volumes as of March 2013. It depicts the everyday adventures of a young girl named Yotsuba as she learns about the world around her guided by her father the neighbors and their friends.
 Dancing in my Nuddy-Pants! is young adult novel (a romance aimed at girls aged 13–15) by British author Louise Rennison. It is the 4th book in the Georgia Nicolson series. The book was first published in Great Britain by Piccadilly Press Ltd in 2002.
 Water SA publishes refereed original work in all branches of water science technology and engineering.
 Rakudai Ninja Rantarō (落第忍者乱太郎 Failure Ninja Rantarou) (generally abbreviated as Rakuran) is a comedy ninja manga series created by Sōbē Amako in 1986. The anime adaptation Nintama Rantarō began broadcasting on NHK in 1993 and a side-story anime film Eiga Nintama Rantarō premiered in 1996' several Nintama Rantarō video games were also published since 1995.
 Credit Union Times magazine is a U.S.-based business-to-business weekly credit union news publication and website. They cover various topics of concern to credit union professionals and also cover industry conferences and events. Credit Union Times offers on-site conference coverage people features statistical analysis and expert technology coverage.
 Folha de S. Paulo also known as Folha de São Paulo or simply Folha (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈfoʎɐ] Sheet) is a Brazilian daily newspaper founded in 1921 under the name Folha da Noite and published in São Paulo by Empresa Folha da Manhã.
 Geostandards and Geoanalytical Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering reference materials analytical techniques and data quality relevant to the chemical analysis of geological and environmental samples. The journal was established in 1977 as Geostandards Newsletter and modified its title in 2004. The editors-in-chief are Thomas C. Meisel Michel Grégoire William F. McDonough Christophe R. Quétel and Jon D. Woodhead.
 On Overgrown Paths is the English title of a 1949 novel by Norwegian author Knut Hamsun and is seen as the author's attempt at proving his soundness of mind after his sanity was called into question. It was his last literary work.
 Wagmag a Brooklyn Art Guide is a free monthly listings magazine with information about Brooklyn's numerous contemporary art galleries including opening receptions and exhibitions.WAGMAG serves the communities of: Bedford–Stuyvesant Boerum Hill Brooklyn Heights Bushwick Carroll Gardens Clinton Hill Cobble Hill Dumbo Fort Greene Gowanus Greenpoint Park Slope Prospect Heights Red Hook and Williamsburg.Wagmag is printed and online listing gallery venues with a 16-page pamphlet publication that lists each month's art the reviews how to get about and a special section for openings and events.Wagmag is produced by ARTfront Inc. a not-for-profit organization and so can be taken for free. 
 Necroscope II: Wamphyri! is the second book in the Necroscope series by British writer Brian Lumley. It was released in 1988.
 Foul Play is an 1869 melodramatic or sensation novel by the British writer Charles Reade. In Victorian Britain a clergyman is wrongly convicted of a crime and transported to Australia.
 The last shall be the first is a book written by ukrainian greek-catholic priest Ihor Tsar. This book published in 2005 in Lviv. Translated from Ukrainian by Halyna Pastushuk and Zorian Stech.
 Saint Sinner is a horror/fantasy comic book published by Marvel Comics as a part of the Razorline imprint. All of the Razorline titles were creations of horror/fantasy writer and filmmaker Clive Barker and he described the series as Saint Sinner is just a wild one the series which hopefully will press the limits of what comics can do.Aside from the title it is unrelated to the Barker-produced telefilm Saint Sinner.
 The Haunted Mask is the eleventh book in R. L. Stine's Goosebumps series. The book follows Carly Beth a girl who buys a Halloween mask from a store. After putting on the mask she starts acting differently and discovers that the mask has become her face; she is unable to pull the mask off. R. L.
 Dialogues of the Gods (Ancient Greek: Θεῶν Διάλογοι) are 25 miniature dialogues mocking the Homeric conception of the Greek gods written in Attic Greek by Syrian author Lucian of Samosata.The 25 Dialogues titles are: Prometheus and Zeus Eros and Zeus Zeus and Hermes Ganymede and Zeus Juno and Zeus(1) Juno and Zeus(2) Adranus and Apollo Adranus and Zeus Neptune and Hermes Mercuy and (the) Sun Venus and Selene  Venus and Zeus Zeus Asclepius and Heracles Hermes and Apollo(1) Hermes and Apollo(2) Hera and Leto Apollo and Hermes Hera and Zeus Aphrodite and Zeus Ares and Hermes Autolycus and Hermes Apollo and Bacchus Hermes and Maia Zeus and Helios Apollo and Hermes.A. 
 The California Regulatory Notice Register (Notice Register or Z Register) contains notices of proposed regulatory actions by California state agencies to adopt amend or repeal regulations contained in the California Code of Regulations (CCR).A state agency must complete its rulemaking and submit the rulemaking file to the California Office of Administrative Law (OAL) within one year of the date of publication of a Notice of Proposed Action in the Notice Register.
 Ventas Balss is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.It published weekly form 1926 to 1940 and was associated with the National Democratic party.On 16 September 1989 it changed its name to Ventas Voice. It is published in Latvian and Russian.In 2008 they temporarily suspended internet coverage over a VAT cost issue.
 Maza of the Moon is a science fiction novel by Otis Adelbert Kline. It was first published in book form in 1930 by A C McClurg & Co. The novel was originally serialized in four parts in the magazine Argosy beginning in December 1929.
 Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery is a triannual peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on data mining. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media. As of 2012 the editor-in-chief is Geoffrey I. Webb.
 The Northamptonshire Evening Telegraph or Kettering ET as it is nicknamed is the local newspaper for Kettering Northamptonshire. It is based at Newspaper House in Rothwell Road Kettering and has since 1996 been part of the Johnston Press newspaper group. The paper also has district offices in Wellingborough Rushden and Corby. The Kettering Evening Telegraph is published in full colour every Thursday.
 Atlantis: The Antediluvian World is a pseudoscientific book published in 1882 by Minnesota populist politician Ignatius L. Donnelly who was born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania in 1831.
 The Star Fraction is Ken MacLeod's first novel published in 1995. The major themes are radical political thinking a functional anarchist microstate oppression and revolution. The action takes place in a balkanized UK about halfway into the 21st century. The novel was nominated for the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1996.
 Postwar: A History of Europe Since 1945 is a 2005 book by historian Tony Judt the former Director of New York University's Erich Maria Remarque Institute. The book examines the history of Europe from the end of World War II in 1945 up to 2005. The book has won considerable praise for its breadth and comprehensiveness. The New York Times Book Review listed it as one of the ten best books of 2005.
 Journals Of Expeditions Of Discovery Into Central Australia And Overland From Adelaide To King George's Sound In The Years 1840-1 is an 1845 book written by Edward John Eyre and illustrated by Samuel Thomas Gill. It comprises the edited journals of Eyre's explorations in Australia.The journals were effectively written during Eyre's explorations. Eyre prepared them for publication while en route to London by ship in 1844. The following year they were published in two volumes by T & W Boone.
 The Iron Man & Other Tales of the Ring is a collection of short stories about boxing by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1976 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1600 copies.
 Maoyū Maō Yūsha (まおゆう魔王勇者 lit. Demon King and Hero) also known as Maoyu or Archenemy and Hero in English is a Japanese light novel series by Mamare Touno that was initially posted in a play format on the textboard 2channel in 2009. Enterbrain published five main novels in the series in addition to three side-story novels between 2010 and 2012 selling over 450000 copies in total. It has received several manga adaptations.
 Fire in the Mist is a fantasy novel by Holly Lisle. It was published on August 1 1992 by Baen. It was the winner of the Compton Crook Award.
 The Monthly Aanchal is an Urdu newspaper based in Pakistan. It is the oldest Magazine or Digest of Pakistan in continuous publication since its foundation in 1979. Its current group editor is Mushtaq Ahmed Qureshi.The Monthly Anachal is published by the Naey Ufaq Group of Publication. The Monthly Aanchal and Monthly Naey Ufaq has a circulation of over 500000 .
 Primetime Propaganda: The True Hollywood Story of How the Left Took Over Your TV is a 2011 book by political commentator Ben Shapiro. In it he argues that producers executives and writers in the entertainment industry are using television to promote a Socialist political agenda.
 The Anomalies published as The Freaks outside of the US is a novel by Joey Goebel published in 2003.
 The Snow Empress is a 2007 mystery novel written by Laura Joh Rowland set in the Genroku (AD 1688–1704) of historical Japan It is the 12th book in the Sano Ichiro series. It combines a murder mystery with a portrayal of the strained and often xenophobic relations between the Japanese rulers and the aboriginal inhabitants of Hokkaido the Ainu (then called the Ezo).
 Sneakers is a short story by American author Stephen King. It was published in the compilation book Dark Visions and in his collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes.
 Father of Frankenstein is a 1995 novel by Christopher Bram which speculates on the last days of the life of film director James Whale. Whale directed such groundbreaking works as the 1931 Frankenstein and 1933's The Invisible Man and was a pioneer in the horror film genre.In 1998 Ian McKellen played Whale in the film adaptation of Bram's book titled Gods and Monsters.
 A Ramble Round the Globe is an 1894 book by Thomas Dewar detailing his journey around the world publicizing Dewars Scotch Whisky. The book is at least purportedly Dewar's journal written solely for his friends who wanted to know 'all about it.'
 Willa Cather's A Lost Lady was first published in 1923. It tells the story of Marian Forrester and her husband Captain Daniel Forrester who live in the Western town of Sweet Water along the Transcontinental Railroad.
 Bones of the Earth is a 2002 science fiction novel by Michael Swanwick. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 2002 and the Hugo Campbell and Locus Awards in 2003.
 Parallelities is a 1995 science fiction novel by Alan Dean Foster. The story centers on Max Parker a Los Angeles tabloid reporter whose client accidentally inflicts him with a condition causing him to experience encounters with parallel worlds dubbed paras in this novel. He has no control over the process and it gradually causes his entire life to unravel.
 Arabella is a Regency romance novel written by Georgette Heyer. It records the plight of a relatively poor girl from the English gentry who captures the attention of a very wealthy man by claiming to be an heiress. The story is set in the spring of 1817.
 Grayson County News Gazette is a semi-daily newspaper published on Wednesdays and Saturdays. It is based in Leitchfield Kentucky.
 A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy is a book about astronomy and cosmology and is intended for a general audience. The book was written by Pierre-Yves Bely Carol Christian and Jean-Rene Roy and published in English by Cambridge University Press in 2010. It was originally written in French. The content within the book is written using a question and answer format.
 Dover Beach is a 1987 science fiction novel by Richard Bowker. The book was nominated for the 1987 Philip K. Dick Award.
 Djinn is a novel by Alain Robbe-Grillet. It was written as a French textbook with California State University Dominguez Hills professor Yvone Lenard using a process of grammatical progression. Each chapter covers a specific element of French grammar which becomes increasingly difficult over the course of the novel. The first five chapters are written in the present tense from the first person point of view.
 Lest Darkness Fall is an alternate history science fiction novel written in 1939 by author L. Sprague de Camp. The book is often considered one of the best examples of the alternate history genre; it is certainly one of the most influential. Alternate history author Harry Turtledove has said it sparked his interest in the genre as well as his desire to study Byzantine history.
 Rama II is a novel by Gentry Lee and Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1989. It recounts humankind's further interaction with the Ramans first introduced in Rendezvous with Rama.
 The Nameless City is a horror story written by H. P. Lovecraft in January 1921 and first published in the November 1921 issue of the amateur press journal The Wolverine. It is often considered the first Cthulhu Mythos story.
 Fuan no Tane (不安の種) is a Japanese horror manga series written and illustrated by Masaaki Nakayama. It was adapted into a live-action film released in July 2013.
 Faust (ファウスト Fausuto) is a literary magazine published irregularly by Kodansha since 2003 promoted as a Fighting illustory magazine. Square-bound like novels all volumes have remained in print. Faust features young writers and a style derived from light novels.
 Blitzkrieg was a short-lived 1970s war-themed comic book published by DC Comics.
 Oceanography is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Oceanography Society that covers ocean science and its applications. The journal also has a special section for news and information society meeting reports book reviews and shorter editor-reviewed articles on public policy an education. One section titled Breaking Waves is for short papers describing novel multidisciplinary approaches to oceanographic problems.
 Neurochemical Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering neurochemistry. It was established in 1976 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Arne Schousboe (University of Copenhagen).
 The Singing is the fourth and last novel in Alison Croggon's Pellinor series. The novel was completed in June 2007 and was published in Australia on 30 June 2008.Direct quote from Alison Croggon:I'm pretty certain [the singing will] open in Innail (it's about time we went back there) and that there will be a travelling theatre troupe in there somewhere.
 The Herald Times Reporter is a daily newspaper based in Manitowoc Wisconsin. It is part of the Gannett Company chain of newspapers. The Herald Times Reporter is primarily distributed in Manitowoc County. The newspaper is associated with the Lakeshore Chronicle a free newspaper circulated on Wednesdays and Sundays.
 Graiul Nostru was a monthly literary magazine published in Bârlad Romania by the Academia Bârlădeană.
 The Democratic Intellect: Scotland and her Universities in the Nineteenth Century is a 1961 book by philosopher George Elder Davie.
 Buck Rogers: A Life in the Future is the title of a science fiction novel by Martin Caidin published in 1995.The novel is a reimagining of Buck Rogers a pulp fiction character created in the 1920s by Philip Francis Nowlan and later popularized in a long-running comic strip and in films and television.
 The Vivisector is the eighth published novel by Patrick White winner of the 1973 Nobel Prize for Literature. First published in 1970 it details the lifelong creative journey of fictional artist/painter Hurtle Duffield. Named for its sometimes cruel analysis of Duffield and the major figures in his life the book explores universal themes like the suffering of the artist the need for truth and the meaning of existence.
 Bed of Roses is the second book of the Bride Quartet series written by Nora Roberts. It focuses around the character of florist Emmaline Emma Grant.
 Police Comics was a comic book anthology title published by Quality Comics (under its imprint Comic Magazines) from 1941 until 1953. It featured short stories in the superhero crime and humor genres.The first issue of Police Comics featured the debuts of Plastic Man Phantom Lady the Human Bomb and Firebrand all characters that continued to be published decades later by DC Comics after it acquired Quality's properties.
 Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets is a book by Nassim Nicholas Taleb that deals with the fallibility of human knowledge.
 The Entertainment at Britain’s Burse is a newly discovered masque (kind of play) written by Ben Jonson and commissioned by Robert Cecil 1st Earl of Salisbury in celebration of the opening of the “New Exchange” (essentially a shopping mall). This masque was discovered by James Knowles and published in 1997. It is an unusual Johnson text because it seems to be in celebration of consumer culture while so many of his other plays and poems condemn it—though there might be some satire intended.
 Boating is an American enthusiast magazine published by the Bonnier Corporation.
 Salon Fantastique: Fifteen Original Tales of Fantasy is a fantasy short story anthology edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling.
 Argumenty i Fakty (Russian: Аргументы и факты commonly abbreviated АиФ and translated as Arguments and Facts) is a weekly newspaper based in Moscow and a publishing house in Russia and worldwide. As of 2008 it was owned by Promsvyazbank and the newspaper is edited by Nikolay Zyatkov.On March 7 2014 it was bought by the Government of Moscow.
 Monica's Gang (originally titled Turma da Mônica in Portuguese) is a popular Brazilian comic book series created by Mauricio de Sousa in 1959.Plots are centered on the adventures of a group of seven-year-old friends in the fictional neighborhood of Limoeiro in São Paulo. The neighborhood was inspired by the neighborhood of Cambuí in Campinas and the city of Mogi das Cruzes where de Sousa lived his childhood.
 Gunner Cade is the second of two science fiction novels written by Cyril M. Kornbluth and Judith Merril (under their Cyril Judd pseudonym) originally serialized in Astounding Science Fiction in 1952. It was issued in hardcover by Simon & Schuster later that year with an Ace Double paperback following in 1957. An Italian translation was serialized in Scienza Fantastica in 1953; a German translation was issued in 1958; and a French translation appeared in 1979.
 Untouched by Human Hands is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert Sheckley. It was first published in 1954 by Ballantine Books (catalogue number 73).
 More Information Than You Require is a 2008 satirical almanac by John Hodgman. It is the follow-up to Hodgman's 2005 book The Areas of My Expertise. It was released October 21 2008.
 Acorna: The Unicorn Girl (1997) is a fantasy or science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Margaret Ball. It was the first published in the Acorna Universe series that comprises ten books as of 2011. McCaffrey and Ball wrote the sequel Acorna's Quest after which McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough extended the series almost annually from 1999 to 2007.
 Mr. Britling Sees It Through is H.G. Wells's masterpiece of the wartime experience in England. The novel was published in September 1916. Mr. Britling Sees It Through tells the story of a renowned writer Mr. Britling a protagonist who is quite evidently an alter ego of the author. The garrulous easy-going Mr. Britling lives with family and friends in the fictional village of Matching's Easy located in the county of Essex northeast of London. The novel is divided into three parts.
 Black Sheep Astray is a science fiction short story by Dallas McCord Mack Reynolds. It is one of thirteen narratives included in the collection Astounding: John W. Campbell Memorial Anthology a special tribute by Astounding authors to the memory of science fiction and fantasy magazine editor John W. Campbell.
 The Awakening Land trilogy by Conrad Richter is a compilation of three of Richter’s novels that trace the lives of a frontier family in the early 19th-century Ohio Valley. It includes The Trees (1940) The Fields (1946) and The Town (1950) which won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1951.The Awakening Land was first issued as a single hardcover volume by Alfred A. Knopf in September 1966 and established Richter as a major historical fiction novelist.
 Lloyd's List Australia (LLAU) is a weekly Australian shipping trade transport and logistics focused newspaper published by Informa Australia in tabloid format. First published in 1891 as Daily Commercial News Lloyd's List Australia is Australia's longest running national newspaper.
 The Political Quarterly is a British political journal founded in 1930 by Leonard Woolf the husband of Virginia Woolf. It is broadly centre-left in outlook but has published articles by a wide range of political thinkers including William Beveridge Samuel Brittan Ernest Gellner Richard Hoggart John Maynard Keynes Arthur Koestler Harold Laski Benito Mussolini Bertrand Russell Leon Trotsky and Raymond Williams.
 Global Health Promotion is a quarterly peer-reviewed public health journal that covers health promotion and health education. The editor-in-chief is Suzanne Jackson (University of Toronto). It was established in 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of International Union for Health Promotion and Education.
 Sweet Tooth is an American comic book limited series written and drawn by Canadian Jeff Lemire and published by DC comics' Vertigo imprint. Dubbed by some as Mad Max meets Bambi it takes place in a mostly rural post-apocalyptic setting where some creatures are human/animal hybrids.
 Language Mesh (German: Sprachgitter) is a 1959 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan. It was translated to English by Joachim Groschel in 1971 as Speech-Grille and as Language Mesh by Michael Hamburger in 1988.
 A camp spoof of the exploitation films produced by Universal Warner's and Republic Pictures in the 1950s this black comedy is set in the Women's House of Detention in Greenwich Village.
 The Treasure of the Lake is a novel by H Rider Haggard featuring Allan Quatermain.
 Boston is a monthly magazine concerning life in the Greater Boston area and has been in publication for more than 40 years.
 The Warren Buffett Way a book by author Robert Hagstrom outlines the principles of value investing practiced by successful investor Warren Buffett.The first edition published in 1994 sold over a million copies and spent 21 weeks on the New York Times Hardcover Nonfiction Best Seller list.
 Bicycle Quarterly is a magazine examining the history of bicycles their design and evolution with emphasis on Randonneuring bicycles. Articles evaluate equipment and bicycles for performance and function and include footnotes. It is published and edited by Jan Heine of Seattle Washington in the United States.
 La Perla del Sur is a weekly regional Spanish-language newspaper based in Ponce Puerto Rico. It is distributed in nine towns in southern Puerto Rico and has a circulation of 75000.
 Five Hundred Years After is the second novel in the Khaavren Romances fantasy series by Steven Brust. It is set in the fantasy world of Dragaera. The novel is heavily influenced by the d'Artagnan Romances written by Alexandre Dumas and Brust considers the series an homage to that author. The book's title corresponds with the second Musketeer novel Twenty Years After.
 King Leary is a novel by Canadian humorist Paul Quarrington published in 1987 by Doubleday Canada.
 The Ordeal of Richard Feverel: A History of Father and Son (1859) is the earliest full-length novel by George Meredith; its subject is the inability of systems of education to control human passions. It is one of a select group of standard texts that have been included in all four of Everyman's Library (1935) the New American Library of World Literature (1961) Oxford World's Classics (1984) and Penguin Classics (1998).
 Marx and Human Nature: Refutation of a Legend is a 1983 book by political theorist Norman Geras who discusses Karl Marx's Sixth Thesis on Feuerbach and argues against the obstinate old legend that Marx denied the existence of a universal human nature. Geras's work is a classic discussion of the subject and his conclusions have been endorsed by numerous scholars.
 Escape magazine was a landmark British comic strip magazine founded and edited by Paul Gravett and Peter Stanbury. Nineteen issues were published between 1983 to 1989. Eddie Campbell Phil Elliott and Glenn Dakin were amongst the many cartoonists published within its pages.
 AMBIO: A Journal of the Human Environment is a multidisciplinary English language academic journal published by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences since 1972. It is published eight times a year. The editor-in-chief is Bo Söderström (Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.295.
 The Story Bible is a fiction book by Pearl S. Buck summarizing the whole Bible in two separate volumes: Vol. 1 The Old Testament and Vol. 2 The New Testament while particularly emphasizing literal elements and fables. It is described as a paraphrase.The Story BibleThe Story Bible is a book for anyone interested in the bible. Whether it is for reading popular bible stories (Noah’s Ark or The Creation Story) or as a down to earth introduction to the bible.
 The Journal de la Société des Américanistes (English: Journal of the Society of Americanists) is an academic journal covering the cultural anthropology of the Americas.
 Blackout is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 The Catholic Telegraph is a monthly newspaper published by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati which covers the Cincinnati metropolitan area the greater Dayton area and other communities in the southwest region of Ohio with a total diocesan population of approximately 500000. The Telegraph has published continuously since 1831 except for a brief period in 1832 making it the first diocesan newspaper and second oldest Catholic newspaper in the United States.
 Warcraft: Day of the Dragon is a novel by Richard A. Knaak based in Blizzard Entertainments Warcraft Universe. It was published by Pocket Books.It is the first book released in the Warcraft Universe.
 Cotton Comes to Harlem is a hardboiled crime fiction novel written by Chester Himes in 1965. It is the sixth and best known of the Grave Digger Jones & Coffin Ed Johnson Mysteries. It was later adapted into a film of the same name in 1970 starring Redd Foxx. The novel plays with thoughts of Blaxploitation and is a monumental novel that started the African-American cop-and-detective phase of the 1960s-'70s.
 The Company They Keep: C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien as Writers in Community (2007) is a non-fiction book written by Diana Pavlac Glyer an Inklings scholar and English professor at Azusa Pacific University. The Company They Keep challenges the commonly held belief that the Inklings did not influence each other through a detailed and engaging examination of both published and unpublished works papers and letters written by J.R.R. Tolkien C.S.
 Awakened is the eighth volume of the House of Night fantasy series written by American authors P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast. The novel was published in January 1st 2011 by St. Martin's Press an extension on Macmillan Publishers.Zoey has returned from the Otherworld and is spending time on Sgiach learning of her powers. Back at the House of Night Stevie Rae fights back to counteract the influence of Neferet and sort out her link to Rephaim.
 The Corsair is a weekly newspaper produced by and for the students of Santa Monica College a two-year community college located in Santa Monica California. The newspaper began publication in the fall semester of 1929 to provide a media source that focuses on issues concerning the Santa Monica College campus as well as the surrounding community.
 Drummer Hoff is the title and main character of a children's book by Barbara and Ed Emberley. Ed Emberley won the 1968 Caldecott Medal for the book's illustrations. Written by Barbara Emberley it tells a cumulative tale of seven soldiers who build a cannon named the Sultan and Drummer Hoff who fires it off with the book exploding into a blast of colors.
 Aún soltera is the first book of the Uruguayan Dani Umpi. It was published in 2003. The novel describes how a casual relationship can change a person with an armed scheme of life. Published by Eloísa Cartonera this book was reprinted by Mansalva Edition in 2006.
 Sweet Poolside (スイートプールサイド) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shūzō Oshimi. It will be adapted into a live action film that will premiere in Japan on June 14 2014.
 The Elves Leprechauns Gnomes and Little Men's Chowder & Marching Society was the fraternal organization frequented by Mr. O’Malley the fairy godfather in Crockett Johnson’s daily comic strip Barnaby. The actual locale of the ELGLMC&MS as it was often referred to in the comic strip was never seen in the strip itself but it was known to be the favorite gathering spot for all the so-called imaginary creatures featured in the strip.
 Abstract and Applied Analysis is a peer-reviewed mathematical journal focusing on papers in the fields of abstract and applied analysis and traditional forms of analysis such as linear and nonlinear both ordinary and partial differential equations optimization theory and control theory. It was established by Athanassios G. Kartsatos (University of South Florida Tampa) in 1996 who was editor-in-chief until 2005.
 Ajax Magazine is a Dutch bimonthly sports magazine published in Amsterdam focusing on the association football club AFC Ajax with 8 issues appearing per season. It was established in 1986 and ran for 20 years with its first edition appearing in February 1986 with Marco van Basten on the cover.
 FHM is the Indian edition of the international monthly men's lifestyle magazine called FHM. It is published in India by Maxposure Media Group and is the 32nd international edition of FHM. The first issue of the Indian edition of FHM was the October 2007 issue featuring Ujjwala Raut on the cover.FHM was published by Next Gen Publishing Ltd. from its inaugural issue (October 2007) till the July 2010 issue.
 The Dark Secret of Weatherend is a gothic fantasy novel directed at child readers. It was written by John Bellairs and originally published in 1984. The book was illustrated by Edward Gorey.
 The Little Vagabond is a poem written by the English poet William Blake. It was published as part of his collection Songs of Experience in 1794.
 Romola (1862–63) is a historical novel by George Eliot set in the fifteenth century and is a deep study of life in the city of Florence from an intellectual artistic religious and social point of view. It first appeared in fourteen parts published in Cornhill Magazine from July 1862 (vol. 6 no. 31) to August 1863 (vol. 8 no. 44). The story takes place amidst actual historical events during the Italian Renaissance and includes in its plot several notable figures from Florentine history.
 The Dark Side: The Inside Story of How the War on Terror Turned Into a War on American Ideals (2008) is a non-fiction book written by the American journalist Jane Mayer about Islamic radicalism the War on Terrorism and the closed-doors domestic struggle over whether U.S. President George W. Bush should have limitless power to wage it.
 Half a Life is a 2001 novel by Nobel laureate V. S. Naipaul published by Alfred A. Knopf. The novel is set in India Africa and Europe (London Berlin and Portugal). Half a Life was long listed for the Man Booker prize (2001).
 A Sword for a Dragon (1993) is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Rowley. The book is the second in the Dragons of the Argonath series that follows the adventures of a human boy Relkin and his dragon Bazil Broketail as they fight in the Argonath Legion’s 109th Marneri Dragons.As they continue their service to the Legion Bazil acquires a new sword that is infused with the spirit of Ecator an ancient black cat from the city of Tummuz Orgmeen.
 Twelve Years a Slave (1853) is a memoir and slave narrative by Solomon Northup as told to and edited by David Wilson. Northup a black man who was born free in New York details his kidnapping in Washington D.C. and subsequent sale into slavery. After having been kept in bondage for 12 years in Louisiana by various masters Northup was able to write to friends and family in New York who were in turn able to secure his release.
 White Oleander is a 1999 novel by American author Janet Fitch. It is a coming-of-age story about a child (Astrid) who is separated from her mother (Ingrid) and placed in a series of foster homes. The book was a selection by Oprah's Book Club in May 1999 and became a 2002 film.
 The Breast of National Lampoon: A Collection of Sexual Humor is an American humor book that was first published in 1972. The book was a special issue of National Lampoon magazine so it was sold on newsstands however it was put out in addition to the regular issues of the magazine.
 I Killed the Count is a 1937 play by Alec Coppel. Its success launched Coppel's career.The play was produced on Broadway in 1942.
 Antarctica (1997) is a novel written by Kim Stanley Robinson. It deals with a variety of characters living at or visiting an Antarctic research station. It incorporates many of Robinson's common themes including scientific process and the importance of environmental protection.
 Dungeon Survival Guide (ISBN 0-7869-4361-6) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Slow Wave is a weekly comic strip by Jesse Reklaw. It has been syndicated to alternative newspapers around the U.S. since 1995 and also appears online. It has changed style twice since its inception.
 The Tower at Stony Wood is a 2000 fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It was a 2001 Nebula Award nominee.
 Someone Like You is a collection of short stories by Roald Dahl. It was published in 1953 by Alfred Knopf.
 Veyipadagalau (pronunciation: veɪjɪpədəgɑlʊ) (Telugu:వేయి పడగలు) is an epic Telugu novel written by Kavi Saamraat Viswanatha Satyanarayana. He had written over 120 books and received jnanpith award for his ‘Ramayana Kalpavruksham'. Veyipadagalu is the critically acclaimed novel that can be viewed as one of the best in Telugu literature.
 Lord of the Silent (2001) is the 13th in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 Portal of Evil is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Peter Darvill-Evans illustrated by Alan Langford and originally published in 1989 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 37th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-032839-4). There are currently no announced plans to republish this book as part of the modern Wizard series.
 The Unpleasant Profession of Jonathan Hoag is a novella by Robert A. Heinlein. It was originally published in the October 1942 edition of Unknown Worlds magazine under the pseudonym of John Riverside. It also lends its title to a collection of Heinlein's short stories published in 1959.
 Berts bekäennelser (Swedish: Bert's confessions) is a diary novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1992. It tells the story of Bert Ljung from 15 January to 7 June during the calendar year he turns 15 during the spring term in the 8th grade at school in Sweden. The book uses the 1992 almanac following the Gregorian calendar but no specific year is mentioned and the (leap year's day isn't mentioned).
 Space Pirate Captain Harlock (宇宙海賊キャプテンハーロック Uchū Kaizoku Kyaputen Hārokku) is a manga series written and illustrated by Leiji Matsumoto serialized Akita Shoten's Play Comic from 1977 to 1979. The series was adapted into an animated television series in 1978 directed by Rintaro and produced by Toei Animation.
 The Steadfast Tin Soldier (Danish: Den standhaftige tinsoldat) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a tin soldier's love for a paper ballerina. After several adventures the tin soldier perishes in a fire with the ballerina. The tale was first published in Copenhagen by C.A. Reitzel on 2 October 1838 in the first booklet of Fairy Tales Told for Children. New Collection. The booklet consists of Andersen's The Daisy and The Wild Swans.
 Ògbójú Ọdẹ nínú Igbó Irúnmalẹ̀ (English title: The Forest of a Thousand Daemons; Proper translation: Brave Hunters in a Forest of Spirits) is a 1938 novel by D.O. Fagunwa. It was the first full-length novel in Yoruba and was one of the first novels to be written in any African language. It contains the picaresque tales of a Yoruba hunter encountering folklore elements such as magic monsters spirits and gods.
 Wise Men is the debut novel of Stuart Nadler. It was published by Reagan Arthur Books on February 5 2013. The plot of the novel follows Hilly Wise who falls in love with Savannah the niece of a black caretaker. Wise Men has received varied reviews from literary critics.
 Kmag previously known as Knowledge is a music magazine published in the UK that claimed to be the biggest selling Drum and Bass magazine in the world. Its print edition from 1994 to 2009 had international distribution and was called authoritative by the Toronto Star. It has published online-only content since 2009.
 Business Hallmark is a newspaper published in Nigeria by Prince Emeka Obasi. Bizhallmark.com is just under three years old. It became operational as a daily online business information provider offering general interest news in March 2009. Owing to the varied information on business policy and finance available on the website it enjoyed keen following.
 Boys Be... (ボーイズ・ビー Bōizu Bī) is a manga created and written by Masahiro Itabashi and illustrated by Hiroyuki Tamakoshi which was in 2000 adapted into a 13 episode anime series by Hal Film Maker.Three different Boys Be... manga series were serialized by Kodansha in Shukan Shōnen Magazine. In 2009 Kodansha announced a fourth series Boys Be... Next Season starting in the November 2009 issue of Magazine Special.
 Skylight is a play by British dramatist David Hare. It opened at the Royal National Theatre Cottesloe directed by Richard Eyre in 1995.
 The Munich Eye is an English language weekly newspaper published in Munich Germany.
 In Good King Charles's Golden Days is a play by George Bernard Shaw subtitled A True History that Never Happened. It was written in 1938-39 as an educational history film for film director Gabriel Pascal in the aftermath of Pygmalion's cinema triumph. The cast of the proposed film were to be sumptuously clothed in 17th century costumes far beyond the resources of most theatre managements.
 The Ticket That Exploded is a novel by William S. Burroughs first published in 1962 by Olympia Press and later published in the United States by Grove Press in 1967. It is the second book in a trilogy created using the cut-up technique often referred to as The Nova Trilogy. The novel follows The Soft Machine and precedes Nova Express in an anarchic tale concerning mind control by psychic electronic sexual pharmaceutical subliminal and other means.
 Boule et Bill is a popular comic created in 1959 by the Belgian writer-artist Jean Roba in collaboration with Maurice Rosy. In 2003 the artistic responsibility of the series was passed on to Roba's former assistant Laurent Verron. The stories center around a typical family: a man and his wife their young son Boule and Bill the cocker spaniel.
 Resident Evil: Caliban Cove is a video game-based novelization for Resident Evil by S. D. Perry.
 Crime is a 2008 novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh. It is the sequel to his earlier novel Filth.
 The Traveler (The Traveller in the UK) is a 2005 novel by John Twelve Hawks. The Dark River book two of The Fourth Realm Trilogy was published in July 2007. The final part in the trilogy The Golden City was released September 8 2009. The trilogy has been translated into 25 languages and has sold more than 1.5 million books.
 National Lampoon Gentleman's Bathroom Companion II was a humorous book that was first published in 1977. It was a spin-off from National Lampoon magazine and a follow-up to the National Lampoon The Gentleman's Bathroom Companion. The pieces in the book were created by the National Lampoon's regular contributors.A description (or possibly a subtitle) on the cover reads:A Miscellany Risque of Choice Selections from the Bounteous Ribaldry of the Monthly National Lampoon.
 Tales from Watership Down is a collection of nineteen short stories by Richard Adams published in 1996 as a follow-up to Adams's highly successful 1972 novel about rabbits Watership Down. It consists of a number of short stories of rabbit mythology followed by several chapters featuring many of the characters introduced in the earlier book. Like its predecessor Tales from Watership Down features epigraphs at the beginning of each chapter and a Lapine glossary.
 Notes from the Outernet is a 2011 limited edition book of intimate photographs taken by Jared Leto around the world throughout 2009 and 2010. It includes never before seen unreleased photos from his personal collection. It was launched in November 2011. Signed and numbered copies of the book were available for pre-order from January 2011.
 Seeing Anthropology: Cultural Anthropology Through Film by Karl G. Heider introduces cultural anthropology with the use of both text and audiovisual media. First published in 1997 the work uses the tools of the ethnographic film discipline to inform its audience of the various cultural anthropology topics. Also the text covers 14 different cultures in 17 chapters which are also represented in 21 different short film clips ranging from two to twelve minutes.
 The Dead Circus is a neo-noir crime novel set in 1960s-80s Los Angeles by John Kaye. The novel was shortlisted by the New York Times for their Book of the Year list in 2003.
 My Neighbor (Der Nachbar literally The Neighbor) is a short story by Franz Kafka. It was written in 1917 and published in 1931 in Berlin by Max Brod and Hans-Joachim Schoeps. The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China.
 A Free Man of Color is a play by John Guare. It is set in New Orleans in 1801 before the Louisiana Purchase (as well as in Haiti and France) and follows the story of Jacques Cornet a a new world Don Juan and the wealthiest colored man in New Orleans. His world changes as racism enters the city.
 Carmen Mauri (song of a Maur) is an anonymous Polish medieval poem written in Latin. It tells the story of Polish magnate Piotr Włast and his rebellion against Prince Władysław Wygnaniec. The poem has survived only in fragmentary form. Its author and exact date of creation is unknown it is presumed that the author was a Benedictine monk and the poem was written between the second half of the 12th century and the beginning of the 14th century.
 Star Wars Encyclopedia is a 1998 reference book written by Stephen J. Sansweet the director of content management at Lucasfilm and science fiction author. The book defines explains and illustrates the characters creatures settings objects events and concepts that appear in the science fiction saga Star Wars. Data is drawn from the original trilogy films radio dramas novels short stories graphic novels and computer games.
 Analyzing Intelligence: Origins Obstacles and Innovations is a 2008 book by editors Roger Z. George James B. Bruce and multiple contributors who are experts in the field of Intelligence Analysis. The book which is listed on the Central Intelligence Agency's suggested reading list provides the first full assessment on the state of U.S.
 Tuck Everlasting is a fantasy children's novel by Natalie Babbitt. It was published in 1975. The book explores the concept of immortality and the reasons why it might not be as desirable as it appears to be. It has sold over two million copies and has been called a classic of modern children's literature.
 Recollections of a Bleeding Heart: A Portrait of Paul Keating PM is a non-fiction political book by Don Watson. It won The Age Book of the Year.It is his account of the prime ministership of Australia of Paul Keating.
 Flora of the Venezuelan Guayana is a multivolume flora describing the vascular plants of the Guayana Region of Venezuela; it encompasses the three states south of the Orinoco: Amazonas Bolívar and Delta Amacuro. Initiated by Julian Alfred Steyermark in the early 1980s it was completed after his death under the guidance of Paul E. Berry Kay Yatskievych and Bruce K. Holst. The nine volumes were published between 1995 and 2005 by Timber Press and Missouri Botanical Garden Press.
 Ninina pesnika dva is a novel by Slovenian author Bogdan Novak. It was first published in 1995.
 Tears of a Tiger is a fiction novel written by Sharon M. Draper. It was first published by Atheneum in 1994 and later on February 1 1996 by Simon Pulse and is part of the Hazelwood Trilogy. It depicts the story of a seventeen-year-old African American boy named Andy who feels deeply guilty for inadvertently causing his best friend's death through drunk driving.
 Macdonald Hall Goes Hollywood is the sixth novel in Gordon Korman's Bruno and Boots series featuring the adventures of Bruno Walton and his best friend Boots O'Neal at the fictitious boarding school of Macdonald Hall located in the fictitious town of Chutney Ontario. The novel was originally published in 1991 though the title was changed to Lights Camera Disaster in 2003.
 The University Register (UR) is the official campus newspaper of the University of Minnesota Morris and is published weekly during the academic year. It primarily serves the University of Minnesota Morris campus and the greater Morris community. The paper is entirely student-run operating out of the basement of the school's Multi-Ethnic Resource Center and distributes over 1500 copies to the campus every Thursday afternoon.
 The Annals of Improbable Research (AIR) is a bi-monthly magazine devoted to scientific humor in the form of a satirical take on the standard academic journal. AIR published six times a year since 1995 usually showcases at least one piece of scientific research being done on a strange or unexpected topic but most of their articles concern real or fictional absurd experiments such as a comparison of apples and oranges using infrared spectroscopy.
 Nelson Mandela: A Biography is a biography by Martin Meredith on Nelson Mandela. The book details Mandela's early life and major influences on him his moving to Johannesburg joining the African National Congress his imprisonment on Robben Island and eventually his Presidency. Also chronicled are the rise and fall of apartheid the scandals involving Winnie Mandela (Nelson's wife) and Thabo Mbeki's term as President.
 The Guts is a 2013 novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle. The novel returns to Barrytown where Jimmy Rabbitte Outspan and Imelda are 30 years older and have all changed – but not all that much.
 BioScience is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Institute of Biological Sciences. It was established in 1964 and covers all aspects of biology including education public policy and history. Its predecessor was the AIBS Bulletin (1951-1963).
 Snakehead is the seventh novel in the Alex Rider series written by British author Anthony Horowitz. The book was released in Australia on 28 September 2007 in the United Kingdom on 31 October 2007 and in the US on 13 November 2007. The title comes from the name given to Asian gangs involved in people smuggling illegal passports visas weapons and more.
 The Joplin Globe is a seven-day daily newspaper published in Joplin Missouri USA covering parts of 14 counties in southwestern Missouri. Ottaway Community Newspapers owned the Globe from 1975 to 2002. Since 2002 it has been owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The newspaper employs some 45 journalists in its newsroom. Its marketing slogan is It's your world. We deliver it.
 Torture Central: E-mails From Abu Ghraib is the title of the memoir of Michael Keller a soldier stationed in Abu Ghraib Iraq during 2005/2006. It was published on October 29 2007 and chronicles many events previously unreported in the news media including torture that continued at Abu Ghraib over a year after the abuse photos were published.
 A Darkling Plain is the fourth and final novel in the Mortal Engines Quartet series written by author Philip Reeve.The novel won the 2006 Guardian Children's Fiction Prize and the 2007 Los Angeles Times Book Prize for Young Adult Fiction.
 Right Ho Jeeves is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse the second full-length novel featuring the popular characters Jeeves and Bertie Wooster after Thank You Jeeves. It also features a host of other recurring Wodehouse characters and is mostly set at Brinkley Court the home of Bertie's Aunt Dahlia.
 Ivan's Appeal is a children's environmental tale about a melting iceberg Ivan and his campaign with schoolchildren to save the planet. It is a fantasy adventure story with an important message and purpose. It was published in November 2007 by Stamford House Publishing.
 Grave Mistake is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the thirtieth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1978. The plot concerns the murder of an elderly widow in a nursing home and involves a rare and famous postage stamp.
 Playing Indian is a 1998 book by Philip J. Deloria. In it Deloria discusses the way in which white American men have adopted Indian traditions images and clothing citing examples like the Boston Tea Party the Improved Order of Red Men Tammany Hall Scouting hippies and New Agers. Referring to D.H.
 Mumbai Mirror is the leading compact newspaper in the city of Mumbai with a daily circulation of approximate 700000 copies.
 Transformers Generation 2 (Issue #1 November 1 1993 - Issue #12 October 1 1994) is a short-lived comic book series based on the popular toy line Transformers written by Simon Furman. It was published by Marvel Comics.No longer restricted by Hasbro Furman was allowed to kill off as many characters per issue as the story demanded.
 Gantenbein is a 1964 novel by the Swiss writer Max Frisch. Its original German title is Mein Name sei Gantenbein which roughly means Let's assume my name is Gantenbein. It has also been published in English as A Wilderness of Mirrors. The novel features an anonymous narrator who tells a multitude of fictional stories which together reveal certain traits and patterns.
 The History of North Dakota is a book written by Elwyn B. Robinson covering the history of the U.S. state of North Dakota. The book's coverage spans from several thousand years ago at the time when Native Americans first settled the area that would become present-day North Dakota up through the 20th Century.
 Terre Haute is a 2006 play by the American writer Edmund White.
 What They Always Tell Us is the first novel by Martin Wilson focusing on the relationship between two high school age brothers as one begins to embrace his homosexuality. The book was a finalist in the Children's/Young Adult category at the 2009 Lambda Literary Awards but lost to Out of the Pocket by Bill Konigsberg. What They Always Tell Us was also chosen for the ALA's 2009 Rainbow List.
 The Archaeologist is a quarterly magazine produced by the Institute for Archaeologists for its members. Non-members can purchase the magazine directly from the institute. It is currently edited by Alison Taylor. As well as a news round-up the magazine contains a number of articles on a theme or topic such as 'The archaeology of Roman Britain' (spring of 2003) or 'Archaeological Field Survey' (spring of 2007).
 Anne's House of Dreams is a novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery. It was first published in 1917 by McClelland Goodchild and Stewart. The novel is from a series of books written primarily for girls and young women about a young girl named Anne Shirley. The books follow the course of Anne's life.
 Principles of the Theory of Probability is a 1939 book by the philosopher Ernest Nagel.
 La France was a daily financial newspaper in the 19th century. Founded in August 1862 by Arthur de La Guéronnière the newspaper originally followed an editorial line that reconciled loyalty to Napoleon III with the reaffirmation of the temporal power of the Pope.It was bought in 1874 by Émile de Girardin founder of the famous newspaper La Presse and a longtime collaborator of La Guéronnière.
 Max is a novel by Howard Fast.
 The Bookseller is a British magazine reporting news on the publishing industry. Philip Jones is editor-in-chief of the weekly print edition of the magazine while Katie Allen is editor of the website edition. The magazine is home to the Bookseller/Diagram Prize for Oddest Title of the Year a humorous award given annually to the book with the oddest title.
 The Garden Of Unearthly Delights is a novel by British author Robert Rankin. Its title is a reference to the painting The Garden of Earthly Delights by the painter Hieronymus Bosch.
 Jasper Johns is a non-fiction coffee table book written by Michael Crichton about the artist Jasper Johns. It was originally published in 1970 by Harry N. Abrams Inc. in association with the Whitney Museum of American Art and a second revised edition (ISBN 0810935155) was published in 1994.The psychiatrist Janet Ross owned a copy of the painting Numbers by Jasper Johns in The Terminal Man another book by Crichton.
 New Review of Film and Television Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering current research in the humanities that makes a contribution to film and television studies. The editor is Warren Buckland. It was established in 2003 and is published by Routledge.
 Devlin’s Luck is the 2002 fantasy novel by Patricia Bray the first in the The Sword of Change series.
 Disclosures in Scarlet is a collection of stories by author Carl Jacobi. It was released in 1972 and was the author's third collection of stories published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 3127 copies. The stories had been published originally in earlier anthologies edited by August Derleth or in the magazines Galaxy If Fantastic Universe and Thrilling Wonder Stories.
 Tuesdays with Morrie is a memoir by American writer Mitch Albom. The story was later recreated by Thomas Rickman into a TV movie of the same name directed by Mick Jackson which aired on 17 December 1999 and starred Jack Lemmon and Hank Azaria.The book topped the New York Times Non-Fiction Bestsellers of 2000. An unabridged audiobook was also published narrated by Albom himself.
 The Sensational Spider-Man (vol. 2) is the name of a comic book series starring Spider-Man and published monthly by Marvel Comics for 41 issues between 2004 and 2007.
 The Mystery of the Strange Messages is a children's novel written by Enid Blyton and published in 1957. It is the fourteenth book in the Five Find-Outers series featuring Fatty Pip Larry Daisy and Bets.
 The Hạnh Thục ca (幸蜀歌 1885 Song of Voyage to Thục) is the best known work of Nguyễn Thị Bích a Vietnamese court lady. The poem describes her experiences in the 1885 flight of Hàm Nghi. It is written in vernacular chữ Nôm using lục bát verse.
 The Nature of the Judicial Process was written by Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court and New York Court of Appeals Chief Justice Benjamin N. Cardozo in 1921. It was compiled from The Storrs Lectures delivered at Yale Law School.
 Elmer Gantry is a satirical novel written by Sinclair Lewis in 1926 and published by Harcourt in March 1927.
 Forged of Darkness is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 The Judy Blume Diary is an activity book meant to be written in for approximately one year by aspiring writers. In 1981 Judy Blume created the book to finance her KIDS Fund which promotes communication between children and their parents.Each page contains a quote from various Judy Blume books such as Tiger Eyes Forever and Deenie. There are also a couple dozen black-and-white photographs of young adults all of which is meant to inspire the writer.
 The Byron Shire Echo is a free weekly independent tabloid newspaper which is published in the Byron Shire New South Wales Australia.The Brunswick Valley Echo as the newspaper was first known was founded in 1986 as a result of marijuana raids by the NSW Police in the valleys behind Mullumbimby. Despite reports that the police acted aggressively and illegally news media refused to cover the story so local resident Nicholas Shand founded the paper as a civil rights watchdog.
 Métal Hurlant (literal translation: Screaming Metal) is a French comics anthology of science fiction and horror comics stories created in December 1974 by comics artists Jean Giraud (better known as Mœbius) and Philippe Druillet together with journalist-writer Jean-Pierre Dionnet and financial director Bernard Farkas. The four were collectively known as Les Humanoïdes Associés (United Humanoids) which became the name of the publishing house releasing Métal Hurlant.
 GamesMaster is a monthly multi-format computer and video game magazine published by Future plc in the United Kingdom. It is the biggest selling multi-format video games magazine in the United Kingdom outselling its sister publication Edge.
 .ch (.ch; spoken: Punkt CH) was a Swiss German-language free daily newspaper published in the tabloid format by Media Punkt AG in Zurich.
 Ice is a novel written by Sarah Beth Durst a modernized retelling of the fairy tale East of the Sun and West of the Moon. It was a nominee for the Andre Norton Award in 2009.
 The Quest for Christa T. (Nachdenken über Christa T.) is a 1968 novel by German writer Christa Wolf that follows two childhood friends from the second World War into the 1960s in East Germany. Stylistically it demonstrates a subjectivist experimentation in prose characteristic of GDR literature of the 1960s.
 Saint Ronan's Well is a novel by Sir Walter Scott. It is the only novel he wrote with a 19th-century setting.
 The Fire Engine That Disappeared (Brandbilen som försvann 1969) is the fifth in the 'Martin Beck' detective series by Sjöwall and Wahlöö.
 Black Lagoon (ブラック・ラグーン Burakku Ragūn) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rei Hiroe. It has been published in Shogakukan's Monthly Sunday Gene-X since 2002 and nine collected volumes have been released so far. It was later adapted into an anime television series by Madhouse that aired from April to June 2006 for twelve episodes. A second season subtitled The Second Barrage ran for twelve weeks starting on October 2 2006.
 The Twins at St Clare's is a children's novel by Enid Blyton set in an English girls' boarding school. It is the first of the original six novels in the St. Clare's series of school stories. First published in 1941 it tells the story of twin sisters Pat and Isabel O'Sullivan in their first term at a new school.
 Gin Tama (銀魂 Gintama lit. Silver Soul) also known as Gintama is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hideaki Sorachi and serialized beginning on December 8 2003 in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump. Set in Edo which has been conquered by aliens named Amanto the plot follows life from the point of view of samurai Gintoki Sakata who works as a freelancer alongside his friends Shinpachi Shimura and Kagura in order to pay the monthly rent.
 All the Wrong Questions is a four-part young adult series and prequel to A Series of Unfortunate Events by American author Lemony Snicket (pen name of Daniel Handler). Snicket signed with Egmont Publishing (UK) in August 2009 and Little Brown and Company (U.S.) in November 2009 to begin working on the series. Although Snicket has switched from his former publisher HarperCollins to Little Brown and Company he will continue to work with his longtime editor Susan Rich.
 Vestmanlands Läns Tidning (VLT) is a Swedish liberal newspaper published in Västerås. It was established in 1831.
 Final Crisis: Revelations is a five-issue comic book limited series written by Greg Rucka with art by Philip Tan Jeff De Los Santos and Jonathan Glapion.
 Dungeon Masters Adventure Log is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Die Woch (Yiddish: די וואָך 'The Week') was a Yiddish-language weekly newspaper published from Tel-Aviv. The newspaper was founded on March 22 1959 as a 12-page tabloid. Die Woch was an organ of Mapai. Y. Magen was the editor of the newspaper. The newspaper was sold for 200 Israeli pruta.
 Monument is a science fiction novel written by Lloyd Biggle Jr. and published in 1974. The subject of destructive tourism is serious but as usual with Biggle the treatment is in a lighter vein and at times frankly humorous.Monument was based on a short story (novelette) of the same name published in Analog magazine in 1961. The novel was optioned in 1979 and was to be the premiere film of Spacefilms but never materialized.
 Intercultural Pragmatics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Mouton de Gruyter. It covers both theoretical and practical aspects of pragmatics in an intercultural context aiming at promoting discussion among researchers within different disciplines such as theoretical and applied linguistics psychology and communication studies.The journal was established in 2004. The current editor-in-chief is István Kecskés (University at Albany SUNY).
 A Right to Die is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1964.
 WHIRL Magazine is a lifestyle magazine published in Pittsburgh in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. WHIRL has grown from one magazine into a publishing company with multiple titles including Edible Allegheny the resource for local food the semi-annual WHIRL Wedding Guide' and the just-launched quarterly WHIRL At Home.
 The Cranbrook Daily Townsman is the local daily newspaper of Cranbrook British Columbia Canada. It is owned by Victoria-based Black Press the largest publisher of weekly newspapers in British Columbia.The Daily Townsman is the paper of record for Cranbrook and publishes Mondays through Fridays. On Wednesdays its distribution includes several outlying communities in the Columbia Valley.
 Midnight Whispers is the fourth novel in the Cutler series written in 1992 by the ghost-writer of V. C. Andrews novels Andrew Neiderman. The novel follows the traditional formula of Andrews novels and by being the fourth in its series it thereby centres around the child of the protagonist of the first three novels.
 The Hilltop is the student newspaper of Howard University a historically Black college located in Washington D.C. Co-founded in 1924 by Harlem Renaissance writer Zora Neale Hurston and Louis Eugene King The Hilltop is the first and only daily newspaper at a historically Black college or university (HCBU) in the United States. [1]
 Prosper Magazine is a monthly publication that focuses on business and lifestyle in the Sacramento area. The magazine was founded in 2004 by Warren Smith.
 Shadows is a novel written by British author Tim Bowler and was first published in 1999. The Young Telegraph described the novel as having 'lots of pace action and a couple of shocking twists!' It tells the story of Jamie a 16-year-old living in Ashingford who used to enjoy playing squash. It is revealed in the book that he stopped liking the sport after his family moved to Ashingford.Jamie is under pressure from his father to succeed.
 This is a list of newspapers in Mongolia.Udriin Sonin (Өдрийн сонин) (Ulaanbaatar/National) - Day's NewspaperUnuudur (Өнөөдөр) (Ulaanbaatar/National) - TodayZuunii Medee (Зууны мэдээ) (Ulaanbaatar/National) - Century's NewsNiigmiin Toli (Нийгмийн толь) (Ulaanbaatar/National) - Society's BriefGreat Nation (Их үндэстэн) (Ulaanbaatar)The Mongol Messenger (in English) (Ulaanbaatar)UB Post (in English) (Ulaanbaatar)Aphrodite (Афродита) (Ulaanbaatar)Mongolia This Week (in English)Below is a list of magazines published in Mongolia.Goo Mongol (Гоо монгол) (Ulaanbaatar/National) - Beautiful/nice MongolGyalbaa (Гялбаа) (Ulaanbaatar/National) - BrightUptown (Аптаун) (Ulaanbaatar/National)Step by Step (Ulaanbaatar/National)Computer Times (Компьютер Таймс) (Ulaanbaatar/National)Polar Star (Алтангадас) (Ulaanbaatar/National)
 The Slave Dancer is a children's book written by Paula Fox and published in 1973. It tells the story of a boy called Jessie Bollier who witnessed first-hand the savagery of the African slave trade. The book not only includes an historical account but it also touches upon the emotional conflicts felt by those involved in transporting the slaves from Africa to other parts of the world. The book received the Newbery Medal in 1974.
 Running from the Deity (2005) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the tenth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.
 Caesar: Let the Dice Fly is the fifth historical novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series.
 Autumn Mountain (秋山 Akiyama) is a 1921 short story by Japanese writer Ryūnosuke Akutagawa. Akutagawa first published the story when he was twenty-nine. The story tells the tale of a painting supposed to be the greatest ever made. However when the speaker sees the painting it does not meet the expectations of the promised masterpiece of unparalleled beauty. However even though the speaker does not know if the painting actually exists he realizes that he can see the beauty in his mind.
 Let's Put the Future Behind Us is a speculative fiction novel by Jack Womack set in post-Soviet Russia and released in 1996.
 Idol Ace (アイドルA(エース) Aidoru Eisu) is a Japanese short manga written by Mitsuru Adachi about a high school girl who wishes to play on the high school baseball team but can not due to the rules. Her father is the team's coach and her best friend happens to look very much like her so she is able to do a swap with him during games and meet her dream. The three chapters were published irregularly in Weekly Young Sunday between 2005 and 2007 and it is unknown if the series will continue.
 Voices is the first book in the series of original science fiction novels based on the Emmy Award-winning series Babylon 5 created by J. Michael Straczynski. This book is authored by John Vornholt.This novel is set somewhere in the season 2 timeline of the Babylon 5 TV series. The story revolves around a plot to have the Earth Senate remove PSI Corps from the military and to place it under the control of the private sector.
 The Watertown Public Opinion is a six-day daily newspaper published in Watertown South Dakota USA serving eastern South Dakota and western Minnesota. It publishes in the afternoon Monday through Friday and a weekend edition on Saturday morning.The fourth largest newspaper in South Dakota it has been owned since 2002 by United Communications Corporation of Kenosha Wisconsin.
 The Republican & Herald is a daily newspaper serving Pottsville Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. The newspaper is owned by Times-Shamrock Communications. In 2005 it had an average daily circulation of 26747. As of December 2010 newsstand prices were $1.00 for the daily edition and $2.00 for the Sunday edition.In 1979 writers Gilbert M. Gaul and Elliot G.
 The Perfect Mile: Three Athletes One Goal and Less Than Four Minutes to Achieve It (2004) by Neal Bascomb is a non-fiction book about three runners and their attempts to become the first man to run a mile under four minutes. The runners are Englishman Roger Bannister American Wes Santee and Australian John Landy.
 Asura Cryin' (アスラクライン Asura Kurain) is a Japanese light novel series by Gakuto Mikumo with illustrations by Nao Watanuki. The novel series began on July 10 2005 with fourteen volumes currently published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint. A manga adaptation by Ryō Akizuki premiered in ASCII Media Works' shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Daioh on September 27 2008 and an anime adaptation began airing in Japan in April 2009.
 The Trauma of Birth (German: Das Trauma der Geburt) is a 1924 book by Otto Rank first published in English translation in 1929. It was the beginning of a series of books in which Rank argued that birth is an interruption of blissful uterine life from which people spend the rest of their lives trying to recover. Sigmund Freud read the manuscript and seems initially to have welcomed the book even writing to Rank to tell him that he would accept its dedication to him.
 Nijū Mensō no Musume (二十面相の娘 lit. Daughter of Twenty Faces) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Shinji Ohara. The manga was serialized in the seinen manga magazine Comic Flapper between 2002 and 2007 but continued serialization in the same magazine with the title Nijū Mensō no Musume Utsushiyo no Yoru since October 5 2007.
 Diario Rio Negro is a daily newspaper edited in General Roca and published in the provinces of Río Negro Neuquén the south of La Pampa the north of Chubut the south of Buenos Aires Province and the City of Buenos Aires.
 A Guide to Keynes is a non-fiction work by Alvin Hansen about the life of John Maynard Keynes. It was first published in 1953 . Hansen’s guide 237 pages long seeks to explain Keynes’s General Theory chapter by chapter in a fashion more accessible to the beginner. Alvin Hansen was once referred to as the American Keynes brought the 1930s Keynesian economics revolution to the United States.
 Sweethearts was a romance comic book series published by Fawcett Publications from October 1948 to 1953 and continued by Charlton Comics from 1954 to 1973. It was the first monthly romance comic book and a great commercial success.
 Expert Review of Anti-infective Therapy is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles and original papers on all aspects of anti-infective therapy. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.218.
 Family Moving Day (French: La famille Passiflore déménage) is the seventh book in the Beechwood Bunny Tales series. It was published in 1992 by Éditions Milan in France and Gareth Stevens in the United States. In the book the Bellflower family of rabbits move to a new house on the other side of the hill near which they live. Everyone is delighted to go except Periwinkle who does not easily adapt to new settings.
 Puerto Rico Ilustrado was a weekly magazine in Puerto Rico. It was published from 6 March 1910 through 27 December 1952 in San Juan Puerto Rico turning out 2227 issues. Several issues were also published in 1968 July 1970 to December 1970 and February 1973 to April 1973. For many years Puerto Rico Ilustrado was delivered as an insert in El Mundo newspaper.
 Urotsukidōji (超神伝説うろつき童子 Choujin Densetsu Urotsukidouji) is a Japanese manga and a series of Original Video Animation (OVA) anime releases.
 The 1972 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the initial volume in a series of nineteen. It was one of two follow-up volumes to the previous year's World's Best Science Fiction: 1971 edited by Wollheim and Terry Carr for Ace Books the other being Carr's The Best Science Fiction of the Year.
 The Mystery of the 99 Steps is the forty-third volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1966 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 Limitations is a novel by Scott Turow which was published in 2006. It is by far his shortest novel (197 pages) and prior to publication as a novel was released as a serial story in the Sunday New York Times Magazine.
 Biography is a 1932 play by S.N. Behrman.
 Dark Apprentice is the second novel in the The Jedi Academy Trilogy by Kevin J. Anderson; many of the events of this novel are also described from the perspective of Corran Horn in I Jedi.
 New Writings in SF 19 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the nineteenth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1971 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi the same year.The book collects seven novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 The Blood Book: Tales Confessions and Rumors of the Worlds is a novel by New York Times bestselling author Ted Dekker along with Kevin Kaiser and Josh Olds (with additional assistance from Gregg Hart). It is a part of Dekker's mega-series The Books of History Chronicles. The book is compiled in-universe by High Priest Ba'al and takes place in the far future in a world known as Other Earth.
 The Glade within the Grove is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author David Foster.
 Bentley's Miscellany was an English literary magazine started by Richard Bentley. It was published between 1836 and 1868.
 Nintendo Force is a bi-monthly magazine that centers upon various Nintendo products such as the Wii U Nintendo 3DS Wii and Nintendo DS. On December 21 2012 IGN editor and magazine founder Lucas M. Thomas announced his intention to release the magazine stating that he had begun to plan for the magazine upon hearing of Nintendo Power's cancellation.
 It's Not Easy Being a Bunny is a children's book written by Marilyn Sadler and illustrated by Roger Bollen. It is about a young bunny named P.J. Funnybunny and his adventures to live with a different animal because he does not like being a bunny.
 The Gates of Morning is a romance novel by Henry De Vere Stacpoole first published in 1925. It is the third novel of the Blue Lagoon trilogy which began with The Blue Lagoon (1908) and continued with The Garden of God (1923).Stacpoole wrote this third book as a kind of exposé of the despoiling of South Sea Island cultures and people by Europeans.
 A Nosa Terra is a Galician weekly newspaper founded in 1977 and published in Vigo. It is known for its leftist stance and its closeness to Galician Nationalism.
 The Changeover: a Supernatural Romance is a low fantasy novel for young adults by Margaret Mahy published in 1984 by J. M. Dent in the U.K. It is set in Christchurch in the author's native New Zealand.Mahy and The Changeover won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.
 Pearl is an American literary journal founded by Joan Jobe Smith in 1974. Currently Pearl releases an annual fiction issue and an annual poetry issue as well as hosting an annual poetry prize. It is currently edited by Joan Jobe Smith Marilyn Johnson and Barbara Hauk.
 Tron: Betrayal is a two-issue comic book limited series which serves as the official lead-in to the film Tron: Legacy and was published by Marvel Comics beginning in October 2010.
 A Ring of Endless Light is a 1980 novel by Madeleine L'Engle. The book tells of teenager Vicky Austin and her struggle to understand life and significance in the universe as she deals with her dying grandfather while at the same time finding true romantic love.
 Soul of the Fire is the fifth book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth.
 The Cat Who Played Brahms is the fifth book in The Cat Who Series published in 1987.
 Young Men and Fire is a non-fiction book written by Norman Maclean. It is an account of Norman Maclean's research of the Mann Gulch fire of 1949 and the 13 men who died there. The fire occurred in Mann Gulch in the Gates of the Mountains Wilderness on August 5. The book won the National Book Critics Circle Award (1992).
 Israel HaYom (Hebrew: ישראל היום‎ lit. Israel Today) is an Israeli national Hebrew-language free daily newspaper first published on July 30 2007 and currently published in tabloid format. The name is a variation of the popular USA Today though there is no relation between the two publications. It has the largest daily circulation in Israel with a market share that rose in the last half of 2009 from 23.2 to 26.6 percent.
 Bogle (ボーグル Bo-guru) is a manga series written by Yuko Ichiju and illustrated by Shino Taira. The individual chapters were originally serialized in Princess and published in tankōbon volumes by Akita Publishing. The manga series was licensed for an English language release in North America by Go! Comi.
 Wikmani poisid (English: The Wikman Boys) is a semi-autobiographical novel by Estonian writer Jaan Kross published in 1988. A TV-series based on the novel was produced in 1994.
 Life After God is a collection of short stories by Douglas Coupland published in 1994. The stories are set around a theme of a generation raised without religion. The jacket for the hardcover book reads “You are the first generation to be raised without religion.” The text is an exploration of faith in this vacuum of religion. The stories are also illustrated by the author.
 Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys (1993) is the third book in the Dangerous Angels series by Francesca Lia Block. It focuses on Cherokee the daughter of Weetzie Bat and her friends as they start a band find success and deal with the corruption of their spirits.
 Berserk (ベルセルク Beruseruku) is a manga series written and illustrated by Kentaro Miura. Set in a medieval Europe-inspired fantasy world the story centers on the characters of Guts an orphaned mercenary and Griffith the leader of a mercenary band called the Band of the Hawk (鷹の団 Taka no Dan). Themes of isolation camaraderie and the question of whether humanity is fundamentally good or evil pervade the story as it explores both the best and worst of human nature.
 Sartre's Sink is a literary pastiche in the form of a do it yourself handbook. It contains advice about how to undertake 14 common household tasks each written in the style of a famous author from history. Sartre's Sink is the second book by photographer and author Mark Crick.
 Foundations and Trends in Entrepreneurship is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of business studies. The editors-in-chief are Zoltan J. Acs (George Mason University) and David B. Audretsch (Indiana University). It was established in 2005 and is published by Now Publishers.
 New Literary History: A Journal of Theory & Interpretation is a quarterly academic journal published by Johns Hopkins University Press. It focuses on the history and theory of literature and key questions of interpretation. The journal has received six awards from the Council of Editors of Learned Journals.From its inception in 1969 through 2008 New Literary History was under the editorship of its founder Ralph Cohen. As of 2009 it is edited by Rita Felski (University of Virginia).
 A Wild Sheep Chase (羊をめぐる冒険 Hitsuji o meguru bōken) is the third novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami. First published in Japan in 1982 it was translated into English in 1989. It is an independent sequel to Pinball 1973 and the third book in the so-called Trilogy of the Rat. It won the 1982 Noma Literary Newcomer's Prize.In A Wild Sheep Chase Murakami blends elements of American and English literature with Japanese contexts exploring post-WWII Japanese cultural identity.
 The Art of Computer Game Design by Chris Crawford is the first book devoted to the theory of computer and video games. It was originally published in Berkeley California by McGraw-Hill/Osborne Media in 1984. The original edition is now out-of-print but from 1997 became available as a free download from a site maintained by Washington State University Pullman. In 2011 the free download was removed and the text is currently available as a Kindle e-book.
 Living Reviews in Landscape Research is a peer-reviewed open access scientific review journal covering topics in interdisciplinary domains of landscape ecology. This includes mutual dependencies of land uses such as: agriculture forestry recreation and tourism nature conservation as well as the interactions within and among landscape management approaches at various scale and time levels and under different legal and cultural frameworks.
 The Ivory Goddess is a short story credited to L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. According to Morgan Holmes citing de Camp friend Loay Hall Carter actually did none of the writing and the story was actually written by de Camp in collaboration with his wife Catherine Crook de Camp. The story was first published by Bantam Books in the paperback anthology Conan the Swordsman in August 1978.
 This article is about the Marathi newspaper. For other uses of the word see Kesari (disambiguation)Kesari (Marathi: केसरी) is a newspaper founded in 1881 by Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak a prominent leader of the Indian Independence movement.Bal Gangadhar Tilak used to run his two newspapers the Kesari in Marathi and Maratha in English from Kesari Wada.
 The 1989 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the eighteenth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1989 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art by Jim Burns was replaced by a new cover painting by Richard M.
 Peterborough This Week is an award-winning twice-weekly free-distribution newspaper in Peterborough Ontario that delivers virtually every flyer in the market. It was established in 1989. It is one of three newspapers in the Kawartha Division of Metroland Media a company that owns newspapers across Ontario. Its content is updated via www.MyKawartha.com which also carries video blogs polls and news from its sister papers from the Kawartha Region.
 The Breaking Point is a collection of eight short stories by Daphne Du Maurier first published in 1959 by Victor Gollancz in the UK and Doubleday in the US. It has also been published under the title The Blue Lenses and Other Stories. The stories were written at a time when Du Maurier herself came close to a severe nervous breakdown and reflect her own psychological stress.
 The Siege: The Attack on the Taj is a non-fiction book by Cathy Scott-Clerk and Adrian Levy. It is an account of the 2008 terrorist attacks on the The Taj Mahal Palace Hotel in Mumbai India during the night of 26 November 2008. It presents an insider view of the attacks based on extensive research by the authors. The book was first published by Penguin Books in 2013.
 Satan's Harvest Home is a pamphlet published anonymously in 1749 in London Great Britain. It describes and denounces what it deems the moral laxity and perversion of contemporary society especially with reference to effeminacy sodomy and prostitution.
 Oxford Today: The University Magazine is a magazine for the alumni of Oxford University.According to its website the magazine is distributed free to around 150000 alumni around the world and also by subscription. It appears three times a year with the issues coinciding with the three Oxford academic terms of Michaelmas Hilary and Trinity.
 Fterra jonë is a newspaper published in Albania related to the people coming from Fterra.
 CRC Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics is a bestselling book by American author Eric W. Weisstein.
 Desert Coral (デザート・コーラル) is a manga series by Wataru Murayama. Desert Coral has been published in six languages: Japanese Thai English German Spanish and French. Currently there are five volumes in Japanese four volumes in Thai three volumes in English and five volumes in German Spanish and French. The fifth and final Japanese volume was released May 2004.
 The Adventures of Una Persson and Catherine Cornelius in the 20th Century: A Romance is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock. It is part of his long running Jerry Cornelius series. It was first published in 1976 by Quartet Books in the UK.
 Fire Sea is the third book in The Death Gate Cycle series written by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman. It was released in 1991.
 The Nature of Alexander (1975) is the only nonfiction work by novelist Mary Renault (1905–1983).
 Winter Warriors published in 1997 is a novel by British fantasy writer David Gemmell. It is the eighth entry in the Drenai series. It is also the second of three stories that feature in the anthology Drenai Tales Volume Three. The story is set several decades after Gemmell's earlier title Quest for Lost Heroes and introduces an entirely new set of characters.
 The Lady Tasting Tea: How Statistics Revolutionized Science in the Twentieth Century (ISBN 0-8050-7134-2) is a book by David Salsburg about the history of modern statistics and the role it played in the development of science and industry.The title comes from the lady tasting tea an example from the famous book The Design of Experiments by Ronald A. Fisher.
 Band of Sisters: American Women at War in Iraq is a 2007 book by Kirsten Holmstedt about the Iraq War and women in the military with a foreword by Tammy Duckworth. Band of Sisters presents twelve amazing and often heart-wrenching stories of American women on the frontlines including America's first female pilot to be shot down and survive the U.S.
 The Conquest of Space is a nonfiction book written by David Lasser in 1930 and self-published in 1931. It was the first book written in English that presented rocketry and spaceflight in a serious manner. The book profiles a fictional journey to the moon to explain the science of rocketry as it stood in 1931. It uses contemporary knowledge on rockets to create a reasonable description of the hardware necessary to make spaceflight possible.
 Right On! was an American teen magazine first published by the Laufer Company in 1971 with editor/creator Judy Wieder and art director William Cragun. It continued publishing to c. 2011 and focused on African-American celebrities. It was later published by Dorchester Media.The magazine was born in 1971 out of the desire to have a teen idol type magazine for African Americans.
 Shugo Chara! (しゅごキャラ! Shugo Kyara!) also known as My Guardian Characters is a Japanese shōjo manga series created by the manga author duo Peach-Pit. The story centers on elementary school girl Amu Hinamori whose popular exterior referred to as cool and spicy by her classmates contrasts with her introverted personality.
 Pride High is an independent comic book created and written by Tommy Roddy. It follows the adventures of five friends who create a gay-straight alliance at their high school for super-powered youth. Various artists have worked on Pride High including Brian Ponce Shaun Spanky Piela and Robert Rivera.The series won one of the third Queer Press Grants.
 Death and the Maiden is a 1990 play by Chilean playwright Ariel Dorfman. The world premiere was staged at the Royal Court Theatre in London on 9 July 1991 directed by Lindsay Posner. It had one reading and one workshop production prior to its world premiere.
 Africa Bibliography is an annual guide to works in African studies published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the International African Institute (IAI). It was established in 1984 and is published as an annual print volume and simultaneously as a searchable online database. The online database consolidates the back volumes of the Africa Bibliography into a single database which can be queried using quick search Boolean and faceted search options.
 Rap-Up is a magazine launched in 2001 by founder Devin Lazerine. The publication was originally a website devoted to hip hop until Lazerine decided to pitch the possibility of a magazine to several publishers. The magazine is focused on the hip hop and R&B aspect of the music industry and predominantly features interviews with artists actors and other entertainers.
 Our Friends From Frolix 8 is a 1970 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick.
 A Storyteller in Zion (1993) is a collection of short stories and articles by Orson Scott Card. Card is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS).
 The Brigham Young University Law Review is a law journal edited by students at Brigham Young University's J. Reuben Clark Law School. The journal publishes six issues per annual volume with each issue generally including several professional articles and a number of student notes and comments.
 Pursuit Of Honor is the title for the novel by Vince Flynn and the tenth novel in the Mitch Rapp series. It was published on December 1 2009. Flynn has written a sequel to Pursuit Of Honor titled The Last Man which is due to release in 2012.
 Summer is a novel by Edith Wharton published in 1917 by Charles Scribner's Sons. The story is one of only two novels to be set in New England by Wharton who was best known for her portrayals of upper-class New York society. The novel details the sexual awakening of its protagonist Charity Royall and her cruel treatment by the father of her child and shares many plot similarities with Wharton's better-known novel Ethan Frome.
 The Wedding Gig is a short story by Stephen King first published in Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine in 1980 and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 The Hollywood Hall of Shame is a 1984 book by brothers Harry Medved and Michael Medved.
 The European Journal of Internal Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1989 and is published by Elsevier.
 The Maze Agency is an American mystery comic book series created by Mike W. Barr and first published in 1988. It revolves around a pair of detectives (Jennifer Mays and Gabriel Webb) and their adventures solving puzzling murders. The Maze Agency was a 1989 nominee for the Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards for Best New Series.
 Agile Project Management: Creating Innovative Products by Jim Highsmith discusses the management of projects using the agile software development methodology. The book has been recommended by different reviewers. The book starts off by stating that new challenges in product development require adaptive not anticipatory project management. It then introduces the reader to the basic agile values as written in the Agile Manifesto and to the six guiding principles of agile project management.
 Until 1998 Chemische Berichte (usually abbreviated as Ber. or Chem. Ber.) was a German-language scientific journal featuring chemistry of all disciplines. It was one of the oldest scientific and may still be one of most cited journals in chemistry.
 English Made Simple is a short play by David Ives.
 Forward was an English-language weekly newspaper published from Colombo an organ of the Communist Party of Sri Lanka. Forward was one of few political party-affiliated publications printed in English in Sri Lanka at the time.
 Men's Health (MH) published by Rodale Inc. in Emmaus Pennsylvania United States is the world's largest men's magazine brand with 40 editions in 47 countries. It is also the best-selling men's magazine on U.S. newsstands. Although originally started as a men's health magazine it currently covers various men's lifestyle topics such as fitness nutrition fashion and sexuality. The magazine's website MensHealth.com averages 38 million page views a month.
 Midworld (1975) is a science-fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. It is set in his primary science-fiction universe the Humanx Commonwealth.
 The New Republic or Culture Faith and Philosophy in an English Country House by English author William Hurrell Mallock (1849–1923) is a novel first published by Chatto and Windus of London in 1877. The work had its genesis as a serialization. In June–December 1876 (after Mallock had secured his Bachelor of Arts degree at Oxford in 1874 the same year as Oscar Wilde) it appeared as a series of sketches in Belgravia magazine.
 From the Holy Mountain is a 1997 historical travel book by William Dalrymple that deals with the affairs of the Eastern Christians.Dalrymple's third book From the Holy Mountain: A Journey in the Shadow of Byzantium (1997) saw him trace the ties of Eastern Orthodox congregations scattered in the Middle East to their ancient origins; it also deals with the question of how they have fared over centuries of Islamic rule and the complex relationship of Islam Judaism and Christianity in the Middle East.In his first book In Xanadu Dalrymple had followed the route taken by Marco Polo from Jerusalem to Mongolia. 
 Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker.Famous for introducing the character of the vampire Count Dracula the novel tells the story of Dracula's attempt to move from Transylvania to England and the battle between Dracula and a small group of men and women led by Professor Abraham Van Helsing.Dracula has been assigned to many literary genres including vampire literature horror fiction the gothic novel and invasion literature.
 The Saint the Surfer and the CEO: A Remarkable Story About Living Your Heart's Desires is a motivational book by Robin Sharma.
 The Company is a political fiction roman à clef novel written by John Ehrlichman a former close aide to President Richard Nixon and a figure in the Watergate scandal first published in 1976 by Simon & Schuster. The title is an insider nickname for the Central Intelligence Agency. The plot is loosely based on events leading up to the Watergate coverup centered on Nixon administration attempts to cover up its own illegal activity and that of the CIA dating back to the Kennedy administration.
 The Golden Goblet is a children's historical novel by Eloise Jarvis McGraw. It was first published in 1961 and received a Newbery Honor award in 1962. The novel is set in ancient Egypt around 1400 B.C. and tells the story of a young Egyptian boy named Ranofer who struggles to reveal a hideous crime and reshape his life.
 The Morning Star is a left-wing British daily tabloid newspaper with a focus on social and trade union issues. Articles and comment columns are contributed by writers from socialist social democratic green and religious perspectives.The newspaper was founded in 1930 as the Daily Worker organ of the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB). Since 1945 the paper has been owned by the People's Press Printing Society. It was renamed the Morning Star in 1966.
 This Boy's Life is a memoir by Tobias Wolff first published in 1989. It describes the author's adolescence as he wanders the continental United States with his travelling mother. The first leg of their journey takes them from Florida to Utah where Mom fleeing an abusive partner hopes to get rich quick finding uranium.
 Gandhi's Truth: On the Origins of Militant Nonviolence is a book by the German-born American developmental psychologist Erik H. Erikson published by W. W. Norton & Company in 1969. It won the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction and the U.S. National Book Award in category Philosophy and Religion.The book was republished in 1993 by Norton.
 Frankenstein's Aunt Returns is a novel by Allan Rune Pettersson that was first published in Sweden in 1989. The book is a sequel to the first book Frankenstein's Aunt. The story is about Franklin (named after Benjamin Franklin) a child created by Doctor Frankenstein with the help of Doctor Pretorius for the monster and his bride. The child is inventive similar like his namesake and has a talent for practical jokes.
 Fancy Nancy is a 2005 children's picture book written by Jane O'Connor and illustrated by Robin Preiss Glasser. The book spent nearly 100 weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list launching a series that now numbers more than 60 books selling 25 million volumes. Fancy Nancy has been on Publishers Weekly’s bestseller list for picture books was a Children’s Book-of-the-Month Club selection and a Junior Library Guild Selection.
 The Canadian Journal of Law and Society is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1986. Originally published by University of Toronto Press it has been published on behalf of the Canadian Law & Society Association/Association Canadienne Droit et Societé by Cambridge University Press since 2011. The journal covers research on the intersection of law and sociology.
 New Writings in SF 9 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the ninth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one.
 No Man Knows My History: The Life of Joseph Smith (1945) by Fawn McKay Brodie (1915–1981) was the first important non-hagiographic biography of Joseph Smith the founder of Latter Day Saint movement. The book has never gone out of print and 60 years after its first publication its publisher Alfred A. Knopf continued to sell about a thousand copies annually.
 A Legend of Old Egypt (Polish: Z legend dawnego Egiptu) is a short story by Bolesław Prus originally published January 1 1888 in New Year's supplements to the Warsaw Kurier Codzienny (Daily Courier) and Tygodnik Ilustrowany (Illustrated Weekly).
 The Sarah Armstrong Mystery series is a fictional series created by true crime author-turned-novelist Kathryn Casey first published by St. Martin's Minotaur in 2008. Booklist magazine named the first novel Singularity one of the top ten Best Crime Novel Debuts of 2009.
 Sound of the Beast: The Complete Headbanging History of Heavy Metal is a 2004 book by Ian Christe documenting the history of heavy metal music and its origins.The book argues that heavy metal began with Black Sabbath in 1970 eschewing the concept of 'proto-' heavy metal. As such Christe devotes several chapters to documenting the band's history. He continues to chart the emergence of NWOBHM practiced by Iron Maiden and Judas Priest and thrash metal acts such as Metallica.
 Call Me Joe is a science fiction novelette written by Poul Anderson and published in 1957. The plot involves an attempt to explore the surface of the planet Jupiter using remote-controlled artificial life-forms. It focuses on the feelings of a disabled man who operates an artificial body. The story was published in Astounding Science Fiction magazine by its editor John W. Campbell.The Science Fiction Writers of America selected Call Me Joe for The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume Two.
 The Lady With the X-Ray Eyes (Bulgarian: Дамата с рентгеновите очи) is an absurdist fiction novel by Bulgarian writer Svetoslav Minkov first published in Germany in 1934. It contains many sarcastic parodic diabolic and absurdist elements concerning the superficial nature of modern society. With this work Minkov laid the foundations of Bulgarian science fiction.
 Dragondrums is a young adult science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. Published by Atheneum Books in 1979 it was the sixth to appear in the Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne or her son Todd McCaffrey.Dragondrums completed the Harper Hall of Pern trilogy one year after The White Dragon completed the Dragonriders of Pern trilogy.Boxed and omnibus editions of both trilogies soon followed.
 The Journal of Qur'anic Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the study of the Qur’an from a wide range of scholarly perspectives reflecting a diversity of approaches. It publishes articles both in English and Arabic to encourage the bridging of the gap between the two traditions of Muslim and Western scholarship. The journal principally publishes original papers along with a book review section including reviews of new works on the Qur’an.
 The Staircase is a historical fiction novel by Ann Rinaldi.
 The Bandit of Hell's Bend is an Edgar Rice Burroughs Western fiction novel. The Bandit of Hell's Bend was published by Argosy All-Story Weekly in September and October 1924. The book version was first published by A. C. McClurg on 1925-06-04.This is one of four Westerns that Burroughs wrote. He had two working titles for it: The Black Coyote and Diana of the Bar Y.
 The San Antonio Express-News is the daily newspaper of San Antonio Texas USA. It is ranked as the fourth-largest daily newspaper in the state of Texas in terms of circulation and is one of the leading news sources of South Texas with offices in Austin Brownsville Laredo and Mexico City. The Express-News is owned by the Hearst Corporation.
 Inventing Elliot is a young adult novel by Graham Gardner first published in 2003. It is about a young teenager who decides to become a different person and ends up being invited to join a secret society which is orchestrating a reign of terror at his new school. Since its first publication by Orion Children's Books it has been translated into more than ten languages and become a worldwide critically acclaimed bestseller.
 The Cahiers d'Études africaines is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal covering topics in the social sciences as relating to Africa the West Indies and the African diaspora. It publishes regular special theme issues on specific regions problems or the state of a discipline. The Cahiers d’Études africaines was established in 1960 and is published by the Editions de l’EHESS in collaboration with the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique and the Centre National du Livre.
 The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a children's novel by American author Elizabeth George Speare published in 1958. The story takes place in late-17th century New England. It won the Newbery Medal in 1959.
 Challenging the Chip is a 2006 book on labor rights and environmental justice in the global electronics industry edited by Ted Smith David A. Sonnenfeld and David Naguib Pellow . It is published by Temple University Press. In three parts the book looks at global electronics environmental justice and labor rights and electronic waste and extended producer responsibility.
 The Downers Grove Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays in Downers Grove Illinois.The Downers Grove Suburban Life was formerly known as the Downers Grove Reporter.The Downers Grove Suburban Life is published by Suburban Life Media and owned by Shaw Media. Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Northwest Herald Kane County Chronicle Daily Chronicle of DeKalb and The_Herald-News of Joliet.
 Around the World in Eighty Days (French: Le tour du monde en quatre-vingts jours) is a classic adventure novel by the French writer Jules Verne published in 1873. In the story Phileas Fogg of London and his newly employed French valet Passepartout attempt to circumnavigate the world in 80 days on a £20000 wager (roughly £2 million today) set by his friends at the Reform Club. It is one of Verne's most acclaimed works.
 The Stuttgart Daily Leader is a daily newspaper published five days a week in Stuttgart in southern Arkansas. It is owned by Gatehouse Media who acquired it from Hollinger in 1997. The newspaper was established in 1885. It primarily focuses on city news although it also covers Arkansas County news as well. Stuttgart a predominately agricultural community is located on the Grand Prairie in Arkansas County. It began as a colony of German immigrants.
 Bert Fegg's Nasty Book for Boys And Girls is a humorous book first published by Methuen in 1974 which purports to have been written by a psychopathic character Dr. Fegg. In fact the book is the work of Terry Jones and Michael Palin who adapted a range of material from scripts written for the television comedy series Monty Python's Flying Circus. Some material was later used in Palin's 1977 TV series Ripping Yarns.
 Getting to Know You is a short story collection by David Marusek. It contains all of his published science fiction stories as of it publication. Includes an introduction and a commentary on each story by the author.
 The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare is a novel by G. K. Chesterton first published in 1908. The book is sometimes referred to as a metaphysical thriller.
 Ninku (NINKU -忍空- Ninkū) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kōji Kiriyama. The original manga spanned nine tankōbon volumes and was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump manga magazine between 1993 to 1995.
 Wind from The Abyss is a fantasy novel by American writer Janet Morris published in 1978. It is the third book of her Silistra series.
 The Richmond Register is a seven-day daily newspaper based in Richmond Kentucky and covering Madison County. It publishes in the afternoons Monday through Thursday and in the mornings on Fridays Saturdays and Sundays.
 Nigger: An Autobiography by Dick Gregory is an autobiography by comedian and social activist Dick Gregory published in 1964 by E.P. Dutton and reprinted by Pocket Books from 1965 to present. The book was co-authored by Robert Lipsyte. It has had numerous reprints is still in print today and has sold over one million copies.
 Kuromajo-san ga Tōru!! (黒魔女さんが通る!! lit. Here Comes the Black Witch!!) is a Japanese children's novel series written by Hiroshi Ishizaki and illustrated by Kaori Fujita. The series was launched on Kodansha's Aoi Tori Bunko imprint between July 2005 and February 2012 releasing 15 volumes during its run. An anime television adaptation by Shin-Ei Animation was broadcast in Japan from April 4 2012 to February 19 2014.
 The Curse on the Chosen is the second book in Ian Irvine's The Song of the Tears trilogy.
 The Thomas Cook European Timetable (or European Rail Timetable) also known as the Thomas Cook Continental Timetable or Cook's Timetable is an international timetable of passenger rail schedules for every country in Europe along with a small amount of such content from areas outside Europe. It also includes regularly scheduled passenger shipping services and a few intercity bus (coach) services on routes where rail services are not operated.
 Samurai Usagi (サムライうさぎ) is a manga series by Teppei Fukushima that was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 2007 #14 to 2008 #33. A special chapter was released in Akamaru Jump a year after serialization had ended in Shōnen Jump. 8 volumes were released by Shueisha. There are no plans yet for the series to be released in America. In France Samurai Usagi is published by Glénat.
 Clashing Views is a textbook for college level courses in criminal justice. The first edition was published in 1999 and currently has 8 editions. The book is a discussion of nineteen issues that are commonly disputed in the criminal justice system such as the legalization of marijuana and the castration of sex offenders. It provides two articles of opposing opinions on each issue to help the reader see both sides of the issue and reach their own conclusion.
 Red Inferno: 1945 is a 2010 novel written by Robert Conroy the author of other alternate history novels.
 The Shields Gazette established in 1849 is a daily evening newspaper. It is the oldest provincial evening newspaper in the United Kingdom.It was originally established as a weekly paper - the North and South Shields Gazette - but became a daily evening paper after the repeal of Stamp Duty in 1855.
 Australian Birdlife is the quarterly membership magazine of BirdLife Australia the Australian partner of BirdLife International.
 Smederevska Sedmica (Serbian Cyrillic: Смедеревска Седмица) was an independent local magazine in Serbia published weekly between September 1997 and July 2005. It was the only magazine in Smederevo that was independent during the regime of Slobodan Milošević. The magazine slogan was Truth at least once a week (Serbian Cyrillic: Истина бар једном седмично).
 The Orange County Review is a weekly newspaper based in Orange Virginia owned by Berkshire Hathaway. The newspaper focuses on local community news. Public notices from the county commissioners also appear in the newspaper.
 The Dragon Token is a novel written by author Melanie Rawn.It is the second book of the Dragon Star trilogy.
 The Kingman Daily Miner is a local newspaper in Kingman Arizona owed by Western News&Info Inc. It has a 8030 circulation.
 The Run is the fifth novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 2000 by HarperCollins. The novel takes place in Washington D. C. and different states some time after the events of Grass Roots. The novel continues the story of the Lee family of Delano Georgia.
 A Voyage to Terra Australis: Undertaken for the Purpose of Completing the Discovery of that Vast Country and Prosecuted in the Years 1801 1802 and 1803 in His Majesty's Ship the Investigator was a sea voyage journal written by English mariner and explorer Matthew Flinders. It describes his circumnavigation of the Australian continent in the early years of the 19th century and his imprisonment by the French on the island of Mauritius from 1804-1810.
 Fiction is a literary magazine founded in 1972 by Mark Jay Mirsky Donald Barthelme and Max Frisch. It is published by the City College of New York. This is not the same as the French magazine Fiction published from 1953-1990.In its early years Fiction was published in tabloid format and featured experimental work by such writers as John Barth Jerome Charyn Italo Calvino Ronald Sukenick Steve Katz Russell Banks Samuel Beckett and J.G. Ballard.
 The Archives of Virology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in virology. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and is the official journal of the Virology Division of the International Union of Microbiological Societies. It was established in 1939 as the Archiv für die gesamte Virusforschung and obtained its current title in 1975. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.111.
 Johnny the Homicidal Maniac (abbreviated JTHM) is the first comic book by Jhonen Vasquez. The series tells the story of a young man named Johnny C. as he explores the psychological and possibly supernatural forces which compel him to commit a string of murders. In the 1990s Johnny began as a comic strip then ran under alternative comics publisher Slave Labor Graphics as a limited series of seven issues later collected in the trade paperback Johnny the Homicidal Maniac: Director's Cut.
 The Bangladesh Observer founded by Hamidul Huq Choudhury in 1949 was the oldest continuously published English language daily newspaper in Bangladesh until it ceased publication in June 2010.Since its inception as The Pakistan Observer in 1949 the newspaper consistently followed an independent editorial policy reflecting both the personality of its owner Hamidul Huq Choudhury and its long time editor Abdus Salam as well as the tumultuous history of the region.
 Written by author Charlotte Abel Enchantment is book 1 of The Channie Series a mature young adult paranormal romance novel about a sixteen-year-old witch that falls in love with Josh a BMX champion with washboard abs a killer smile and the bluest eyes she's ever seen. Channie's mother is worried about the non-magical boys that she'll be going to school with in Colorado so she casts a chastity spell on Channie that makes it impossible to touch any boy that she might be interested in.
 The News Journal is the main newspaper for Wilmington Delaware and the surrounding area. It is headquartered in unincorporated New Castle County Delaware near New Castle and is owned by Gannett.
 The Blinding Knife is a 2012 epic fantasy novel by New York Times Bestselling author Brent Weeks and the second book in his Lightbringer series following The Black Prism. The novel is written in the third person perspective of several characters and follows protagonist Kip Guile as he discovers his latent magical powers. The Library Journal called the book one of its Seven Not-To-Miss SF/Fantasy Titles for Fall 2012.
 BioControl is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering all aspects of basic and applied research in biological control of invertebrate vertebrate and weed pests and plant diseases. The journal was established in 1956 as Entomophaga and published by Lavoisier before moving to Springer and obtaining its current name in 1998. BioControl is published bimonthly. From 1998 to 2006 Heikki Hokkannen was the editor-in-chief.
 Acta geographica Slovenica is a biannual scientific journal of geography published by the Anton Melik Geographical Institute covering human geography physical geography and regional geography. The editor-in-chief is Blaž Komac (Anton Melik Geographical Institute). It was established in 1952 as Acta geographica/Geografski zbornik. In 2002 it merged with Geographica Slovenica obtaining its current title reflecting this merger in 2003.
 Very Old Man with Enormous Wings (Spanish: Un señor muy viejo con unas alas enormes) is a short story by author Gabriel García Márquez written in 1955. It falls within the genre of magic realism and is included in the book Leaf Storm. Amongst many other books A Very Old Man with Enormous Wings was inspired by a young boy named Armand Tait and his life as a farmer.[citation needed]
 Five Chimneys originally published in French as Souvenirs de l'au-delà (Memoirs from the Beyond) is the memoir of Olga Lengyel née Gross born on October 19 1909 in Transylvania (Romania). Five Chimneys is similar to Thanks to My Mother by Schoschana Rabinovici in the acute powers of observation and memory of the respective authors.
 The Middle East Bedside Book is a collection of stories and information about the Middle East edited by Anglo-Afghan author Tahir Shah.The Middle East Bedside Book contains a treasury of proverbs etiquette information and ideas to have come out of the Middle East and Arab culture. Shah's standing as someone who straddles the East and the West enables him to see both societies in a way that others are unable to observe.
 Stochastic Processes and their Applications is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier for the Bernoulli Society for Mathematical Statistics and Probability. The editor-in-chief is T. Kumagai. The principal focus of this journal is theory and applications of stochastic processes. It was established in 1973.
 The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers is the 29th book in the Cat Who series. It was released in 2007 and is written by Lilian Jackson Braun.
 Chamber of Darkness is a horror/fantasy anthology comic book published by Marvel Comics that under this and a subsequent name ran from 1969-1974. It featured work by such notable creators as writer-editor Stan Lee writers Gerry Conway and Archie Goodwin and artists John Buscema Johnny Craig Jack Kirby Tom Sutton Barry Windsor-Smith (as Barry Smith) and Bernie Wrightson. Stories were generally hosted by either of the characters Digger a gravedigger or Headstone P.
 Dungeon Master's Design Kit is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Arbeideren (The Worker) was a Norwegian newspaper published in Hamar Hedmark county. It was started in 1909 as the press organ of the Labour Party in Hedemarken and its adjoining regions and was called Demokraten (The Democrat) until 1923. It was issued three days a week between 1909 and 1913 six days a week in 1914 three days a week again between 1914 and 1918 before again increasing to six days a week.
 Witches Incorporated is the second book in the Rogue Agent series by Australian author Karen Miller.
 Daisy Fay and the Miracle Man is a 1981 novel by best-selling author Fannie Flagg. It was originally published under the title Coming Attractions. The story is a series of diary entries that chronicle the main character's years growing up in Mississippi from 1952 to 1959.
 Marching Men is a 1917 novel by American author Sherwood Anderson. Published by John Lane the novel is Anderson's second book; the first being the 1916 novel Windy McPherson's Son. Marching Men is the story of Norman Beaut McGregor a young man discontented with the powerlessness and lack of personal ambition among the miners of his hometown. After moving to Chicago he discovers his purpose is to empower workers by having them march in unison.
 On the Black Hill is a novel by Bruce Chatwin published in 1982 and winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for that year. In 1987 it was made into a film directed by Andrew Grieve.
 Cityscape is an optional supplemental source book for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game.
 Capeta (カペタ Kapeta) is a Japanese sports manga and anime about kart racing by Masahito Soda. The manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen in 2005.The series consists of three separate arcs. The first is about Capeta's first experiences with kart racing at the age of 10. The next arc which starts four years later deals with Capeta trying to handle his growing financial issues due to the high cost involved in kart racing.
 The Bone Season is a supernatural dystopian novel by British writer Samantha Shannon and is her debut novel. The novel was published on 20 August 2013 by Bloomsbury Publishing and is the first of a seven book series. Film rights to Bone Season have been sold to Andy Serkis's Imaginarium Studios.
 The Cyprus Times also known at The Times of Cyprus was a British newspaper published in Larnaca in Cyprus from 1880 following the island becoming a British protectorate in 1878. It was founded by Edward Henry Vizetelly who also acted as its first editor.
 The Manhattan Mercury is the local newspaper for Manhattan Kansas. The Mercury is a daily newspaper published in the afternoon five days a week and in the morning on Sunday. No Saturday edition is issued. The newspaper is physically printed on the Mercury's own in-house presses. The newspaper also maintains an online presence.
 Demonic: How the Liberal Mob is Endangering America is a book by best-selling author and conservative columnist Ann Coulter published in 2011.In describing her book Coulter told CBS News anchor Jeff Glor: ... the left's image-based arguments combined with their frequent adoption of utterly contradictory positions it turns out are classic earmarks of mob mentality.
 World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War is a 2006 apocalyptic horror novel by Max Brooks. The novel is a collection of individual accounts where the narrator is an agent of the United Nations Postwar Commission following the global conflict against the zombie plague. Other passages record a decade-long desperate struggle as experienced by people of various nationalities.
 The Daily Dispatch is a community-oriented daily newspaper based in Henderson North Carolina primarily covering the North Carolina counties of Vance Granville and Warren. It is published daily except Mondays and Christmas Day.Back-to-back winners in 2006 and 2007 of the North Carolina Press Association's General Excellence Awards for newspapers with 15000 subscribers and less The Dispatch was established as a daily newspaper on Aug. 12 1914.President and Editor P.T.
 It's Superman! is a novel by Tom De Haven based on the comic book superhero Superman. It was released on September 15 2005 in hardcover and August 29 2006 in paperback. The premise tells the tale of Clark Kent's beginnings into becoming Superman set in the 1930s where Clark befriends a wrongly convicted photographer named Willi Berg and is then taken from Kansas to Hollywood and finally in New York where he meets Lois Lane fights Lex Luthor as he debuts in his superhero persona.
 Down is a four-issue American comic book limited series published in late 2005 and early 2006 by Top Cow Productions an imprint of Image Comics. The series was written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Cully Hamner and Tony Harris.Down tells the story of an undercover cop sent on an unofficial mission to deal with a fellow officer who went native when infiltrating a drugs gang.
 Graduation Afternoon is a short story by Stephen King originally published in the March 2007 issue of Postscripts and collected in King's 2008 collection Just After Sunset. The story tells of a young woman enjoying her high school graduation party at her wealthy boyfriend's suburban Connecticut home and subsequently witnessing the destruction of Manhattan by an atomic bomb.
 The Janson Directive is a novel by Robert Ludlum. The posthumous novel was published in 2002 a year after Ludlum's death.
 Volo's Guide to the Dalelands is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Bread of Those Early Years (German: ''Das Brot der frühen Jahre'') is a 1955 novel by the West German writer Heinrich Böll. It was adapted into a 1962 film with the same title.
 I'll Take You There is a 2002 novel by Joyce Carol Oates.
 A Princess in Berlin is a 1980 historical novel by Arthur R.G. Solmssen.
 Heroic Visions is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Jessica Amanda Salmonson. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in March 1983.The book collects eleven new short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors with an introduction by Salmonson.
 Sameway Magazine (同路人 - Tóng lù rén) is a weekly tabloid-format newspaper published in the city of Melbourne Australia. First published as a magazine in September 2004 it is currently printed weekly in 3 editions. Different editions are available in Adelaide Melbourne and Sydney/Brisbane.
 Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo is the first novel by Oscar Zeta Acosta and it focuses on his own self-discovery in a fictionalized manner. An autobiography the plot presents an alienated lawyer of Mexican descent who works in an Oakland California antipoverty agency without any sense of purpose or identity.
 Amazing Adventures is the name of several anthology comic book series all but one published by Marvel Comics.The earliest Marvel series of that name introduced the company's first superhero of the late-1950s to early-1960s period fans and historians call the Silver Age of Comic Books. That same series also included the first comic book to be labeled Marvel Comics.
 The Complete Stories of Franz Kafka is a compilation of all Kafka's short stories. With the exception of Kafka's three novels (The Trial The Castle and Amerika) this collection includes all of Kafka's narrative work. The book was originally edited by Nahum N. Glatzer and published by Schocken Books in 1971.
 after the quake (神の子どもたちはみな踊る Kami no Kodomo-tachi wa Mina Odoru lit. The children of the gods all dance) is a collection of 6 short stories by Japanese author Haruki Murakami written between 1999 and 2000. First published in Japan in 2000 it was released in English as after the quake in 2002 (translator Jay Rubin notes that Murakami insisted the title should be all lower-case).
 Matecumbe (2007) is a novel by American author James A. Michener.Set in Florida Matecumbe is a small character-driven story detailing the relationship of a mother and daughter both divorced and living parallel lives. The book was abandoned by Michener when Random House urged for more of his larger epic-sized novels. It was published posthumously during the 10th anniversary year after his death (and the 100th anniversary year of his birth) in its unpolished state.
 The Eye of Tandyla is a fantasy story written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series. It was first published in the magazine Fantastic Adventures for May 1951 and first appeared in book form in de Camp's collection The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales (Twayne 1953). It has also been translated into Italian German and Russian.
 Radikal is a daily liberal Turkish language newspaper published in Istanbul. It has been published since 1996 by Aydın Doğan's Doğan Media Group. Despite only having a circulation of around 25000 (July 2013) it is considered one of the most influential Turkish newspapers.Radikal does not endorse a particular political alignment but it is generally considered by the public as a social liberal newspaper.
 Dynamical Theory of Crystal Lattices is a book in structure theory of crystal lattices written collaboratively by Max Born and Kun Huang. It is considered to be a classical treatise on the subject. It has been reedited many times the first edition being 1954.
 Eulenspiegel – Das Satiremagazin is a German humor and satirical magazine. It is published by Eulenspiegel GmbH in Berlin and has a circulation of 136000.
 The Corsicana Daily Sun is a morning daily newspaper published in Corsicana Texas covering Navarro County. In 2009 it dropped Saturday and Monday from its publication schedule and is now published five days a week. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The newspaper's marketing slogan is Your Community Your Newspaper Our Commitment.
 Africa Spectrum is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal concentrating on the analysis of current issues of development in Africa south of the Sahara. It is the only German academic journal exclusively devoted to Africa. Africa Spectrum is published three times a year by the GIGA Institute of African Affairs. The journal is part of the GIGA Journal Family of the GIGA German Institute of Global and Area Studies (Hamburg Germany).
 The Canterbury Puzzles and Other Curious Problems is a 1907 mathematical puzzle book by Henry Dudeney. The first part of the book features a series of puzzles based on the characters from The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer.
 The Face on the Cutting-Room Floor is a 1937 crime novel by Ernest Borneman writing as Cameron McCabe. It was first published in London. The book makes use of the false document technique: It pretends to be the true story of a 38-year-old Scotsman called Cameron McCabe who writes about a crucial period of his own life during which several people close to him are murdered.
 New Fist of the North Star (新・北斗の拳 Shin Hokuto no Ken) is a three-episode anime OVA series based on the Fist of the North Star franchise directed by Takashi Watanabe and produced by OB Planning. The story was adapted from Jubaku no Machi (-呪縛の街- The Cursed City) a 1996 Hokuto no Ken novel written by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara set sometime after the conclusion of the original manga. An English dubbed version of the OVA was produced by ADV Films in 2004.
 The October Country is a 1955 collection of nineteen macabre short stories by Ray Bradbury. It reprints fifteen of the twenty-seven stories of his 1947 collection Dark Carnival and adds four more of his stories previously published elsewhere.The collection was published in numerous editions by Ballantine Books. The 1954 hardcover and 1956 and 1962 softcover versions featured artwork by Joseph Mugnaini that was replaced in 1971 by an entirely different Bob Pepper illustration.
 Gonna Roll the Bones is a short story by Fritz Leiber in which Joe Slattermill plays craps with Death. First published in Harlan Ellison's Dangerous Visions it won both the Hugo Award and Nebula Award for Best Novelette.
 The Road to Infinity is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It was the fourteenth of a series of books collecting Asimov's science essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It also included a list of all of Asimov's essays in that magazine up to 1979. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1979.
 Behavioural Brain Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. The journal publishes articles in the field of behavioural neuroscience. Volume 1 appeared in 1980 and issues appeared 6 times per year; as submissions increased it switched to a higher frequency and currently 20 issues per year are published.
 The Miracle of Forgiveness is a book written by Spencer W. Kimball while he was a member of Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He later became the church's president.Originally published in 1969 the book discusses the issues of repentance and forgiveness through Jesus Christ in LDS theology. It is primarily written for an LDS audience.
 The Other is the 1971 debut novel by Thomas Tryon. Set in 1935 the novel focuses on the sadistic relationship between two thirteen-year-old identical twin boys one whom is well-behaved and the other a sociopath who wreaks havoc on his family's rural New England farm property.Tryon who had been a working actor prior retired from his Hollywood career to become a novelist.
 Arbeiterpost ('Workers Mail') was a German language socialist newspaper published from Gleiwitz Upper Silesia Weimar Germany (present-day Gliwice in Poland) between December 1919 and March 1920. Arbeiterpost was the organ of the regional organization of the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD) in Upper Silesia.
 The Goldsboro News-Argus is a daily U.S. newspaper located in Goldsboro North Carolina serving the citizens of Wayne County. The paper has a daily circulation of approximately 21500 [1]The newspaper started in 1885 as the Daily Argus merging in 1929 with the Goldsboro News thus combining the title to the Goldsboro News-Argus.The company also has a telephone directory business which publishes the Community Yellow Pages of Eastern North Carolina and the Community Phone Book of Wayne County.
 Flashing Swords! #2 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter.
 Kafka on the Shore (海辺のカフカ Umibe no Kafuka) is a 2002 novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami. John Updike described it as a real page-turner as well as an insistently metaphysical mind-bender. Since its 2005 English language release (2006 PEN/Book-of-the-Month Club Translation Prize-winning translation by Philip Gabriel) the novel has received mostly positive reviews and critical acclaim including a spot on The New York Times 10 Best Books of 2005 and the World Fantasy Award.
 A Gift for Jesus is a children's religious book intended for ages 4 to 8 written and illustrated by Joan Summer.
 A Momentary Taste of Being is a science fiction novella written by Alice Bradley Sheldon published under the pseudonym James Tiptree Jr. in the 1975 anthology The New Atlantis and Other Novellas of Science Fiction (also featuring stories by Gene Wolfe and Ursula K. Le Guin).
 Red Shadows is an original science fiction novel written by Mitchel Scanlon and based on the British comic strip Anderson:Psi Division (a spin-off from Judge Dredd) in 2000 AD. It is Scanlon's second Anderson novel.
 Runaround is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov featuring his recurring characters Powell and Donovan. It was written in October 1941 and first published in the March 1942 issue of Astounding Science Fiction. It appears in the collections I Robot (1950) The Complete Robot (1982) and Robot Visions (1990).
 Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe is a novel by Benjamin Alire Sáenz published in 2013. It is a bildungsroman about two Mexican-American boys who become friends and ultimately lovers.
 What Hath God Wrought: The Transformation of America 1815–1848 is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book written in 2007 by historian Daniel Walker Howe. The book is part of the Oxford History of the United States.
 Amiga Action was a monthly magazine about Amiga video games. It was published in the United Kingdom by Europress (later IDG Media) and ran for 89 full issues from October 1989 to December 1996 making it the longest running UK Amiga games magazine. After its closure it was merged into sister publication Amiga Computing replacing its games section. This ran for 10 issues until September 1997 when that magazine also folded.
 The Tokyo Shimbun (東京新聞 Tōkyō Shinbun literally Tokyo newspaper) is a Japanese newspaper published by The Chunichi Shimbun Company. The group publishes newspapers under the brand name of The Tokyo Shimbun in the Tokyo Metropolitan Area and under The Chunichi Shimbun in the Nagoya Metropolitan Area. The group’s combined daily morning circulation is 3.5 million.
 The Post Card (Bengali: পোস্ট কার্ড) is the largest circulating Bengali quarterly magazine in Bangledesh. Published in April 2012 this magazine represents the Progressive Class which is based on an empirical and dialectical point of view.
 Let the Great World Spin is a novel by Colum McCann set in New York City in the United States. The book won the 2009 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction and the 2011 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award one of the most lucrative prizes in the world. Its title comes from the poem Locksley Hall by Alfred Lord Tennyson.
 Ruin Explorers (秘境探検ファム&イーリー Hikyō Tanken Famu to Īrī) also known as Ruin Explorers Fam & Ihrie is a 4 episode OVA by ANIMATE and Asia-Do. It is set in a fantasy environment and stars Fam and Ihrie two female treasure hunters working to find the Ultimate Power.
 The Penn State Law Review is a legal periodical. It was founded in 1897 as The Forum and was later renamed the Dickinson Law Review. When the Dickinson Law School merged with Penn State University in 2003 the name of the periodical was changed to the Penn State Law Review.The Penn State Law Review is one of three legal periodicals published by the Penn State Law School and one of the oldest law journals in the United States.
 Hairstyles is a title used for international editions of a professional hairdressing magazine originally published in Barcelona Spain under the name Peluquerias. The founder of the magazine is Spanish hairdresser Lluis Llongueras.Peluquerias is a monthly magazine that has been published since February 1969.
 Interactive Science is a comprehensive K-8 science programthat utilizes the practices in science instruction featuring the Understanding by Design learning framework the 5-E Instructional Model and an emphasis on science technology engineering and mathematics (STEM) as well as 21st Century skills.
 Oresama Teacher (俺様ティーチャー Ore-sama Tīchā) is a Japanese manga serialized in shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume since 2007 written and illustrated by Izumi Tsubaki. As of the end of 2012 15 bound volumes have been released under the Hana to Yume Comics label. The manga is published in English by Viz Media and Madman Entertainment and in French by Delcourt.
 The Fly-Fisher's Entomology Illustrated by Coloured Representations of the Natural and Artificial Insect and Accompanied by a Few Observations and Instructions Relative to Trout-and-Grayling Fishing first published in 1836 by Alfred Ronalds (1802–1860) was the first comprehensive work related to the entomology associated with fly fishing. Although the work was Ronalds' only book it was published in 11 editions between 1836 and 1913 and has been extensively reprinted in the last 100 years.
 The Winter Knights is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 2005. It is the eighth volume of The Edge Chronicles and the second of the Quint Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the second novel preceding the Twig Saga and Rook Saga trilogies that were published earlier.
 Nux is the official student newspaper of the University of KwaZulu-Natal. Started in 1934 on the Pietermaritzburg campus it is the oldest student newspaper in South Africa. The newspaper is primarily funded by the university and 8000 copies are distributed to students across all campuses of the University of KwaZulu-Natal free of charge. Eight issues of 16 pages each are distributed per year.
 Atomic Chili: The Illustrated Joe R. Lansdale by Lansdale et al. (Klaw ed.) (Mojo Press 1998) is a collection of previously written stories by Joe R. Lansdale adapted into comic book form by assorted artists and writers. The book was designed by John Picacio and featured a cover by Dave Dorman.
 The Catholic Art Quarterly (originally the Christian Social Art Quarterly and later Good Work) was the official bulletin of the Catholic Art Association (CAA).
 Annals of Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes research articles as well as reviews on a wide range of medical specialties with a particular focus on internal medicine. The journal covers advances in the understanding of the pathogenesis of diseases and in how medicine and molecular genetics can be applied in daily clinical practice. The journal is published 8 times per year by Informa and the editor-in-chief is Timo Partonen.
 Naomi (痴人の愛 Chijin no Ai lit. A Fool's Love) is a Japanese novel by Japanese writer Jun'ichirō Tanizaki (1886–1965). Writing of the novel began in 1924 and from March to June Osaka's Morning News (大阪朝日新聞 Osaka Asahi Shinbun) published the first several chapters of the serial. Four months later the periodical Female (女性 Josei) started to publish the remaining chapters.
 Love★Com (ラブ★コン Rabu★Kon sometimes spelled Love*Com) also known as Lovely Complex is a romantic comedy shōjo manga by Aya Nakahara. It was published by Shueisha in Bessatsu Margaret from 2001 to 2006 and collected in 17 tankōbon volumes. The series is about the romance between a tall girl and a short boy who are treated as a comedy duo by their classmates.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Second Annual Collection (ISBN 0-312-94484-5) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1985. It is the 2nd in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 Las Cruces Sun-News founded in 1881 is a daily newspaper published in Las Cruces New Mexico.
 The International Small Business Journal (ISBJ) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of economics and entrepreneurship especially small businesses. The journal's editor-in-chief is Robert Blackburn (Kingston University). It was established in 1982 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Now and After: The ABC of Communist Anarchism is an introduction to the principles of anarchism and anarchist communism written by Alexander Berkman. First published in 1929 by Vanguard Press after parts of it had appeared in the Freie Arbeiter Stimme Now and After has been reprinted many times often under the title What Is Communist Anarchism? or What Is Anarchism?.
 The Chasm of Doom is the fourth book in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever and illustrated by Gary Chalk.
 Kiss Psycho Circus is a comic book series published by Image Comics and Todd McFarlane Productions. It was written by Brian Holguin and illustrated by various artists including pencillers Angel Medina and Clayton Crain with inker Kevin Conrad. It portrays the members of the rock band Kiss as supernatural beings known as the Four-Who-Are-One or The Elder:the Demon (Gene Simmons) the Starbearer (Paul Stanley) the King of Beasts or Beastking (Peter Criss) and the Celestial (Ace Frehley).
 Grey is a Japanese science fiction manga created by Yoshihisa Tagami that was published in the 1980s. It was also turned into an anime under the title Grey: Digital Target.
 The Manual of the Planes (abbreviated MoP) is a manual for the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game. This text addresses the planar cosmology of the game universe.The original book (for use with Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 1st Edition) was published in 1987 by TSR Inc. For 2nd Edition concern over inclusion of angels and demons led TSR to forgo the release though they compensated years later with the Planescape campaign setting.
 Auguries of Innocence is a poetry collection by Patti Smith published in 2005. This collection of poetry includes exactly twenty-six recent poems penned by the active contemporary poet. Drawing on some of her many influences such as William Blake and Arthur Rimbaud Smith's collection here demonstrates over and over again her knack for detail.
 The LaSallian (TLS) is the official student publication of De La Salle University under the Student Media Office. It is the university's English-language newspaper composed of the University (News) Menagerie (Features) Sports Art & Graphics and Photo sections. It is released every first week of every month from June to April. Other publications of the university include Ang Pahayagang Plaridel Malate Literary Folio and Green & White.
 The Archipelago on Fire (French: L’Archipel en feu 1884) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne taking place during the Greek War of Independence.
 London Consequences is a 1972 group novel written by twenty writers published for the Festivals of London that year.Margaret Drabble and B. S. Johnson conceived and edited the novel. The editors wrote the first and last chapters together gave the other novelists a brief outline of the two main characters.
 Amriter Mrityu is a detective story by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay featuring Byomkesh Bakshi and Ajit. This story was published along with 19 other stories in Sharadindu Omnibus Volume II.
 The Exeter Blitz is a children's historical novel by David Rees published by Hamilton in 1978. Set in the southwestern England city of Exeter partly at Exeter Cathedral it features the heavy May 1942 air raid and its effect on the life of one family the Lockwoods.Rees won the annual Carnegie Medal recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.Elsevier published the first U.S. edition in 1980.
 If Women Counted (1988) by Marilyn Waring former New Zealand Member of Parliament is an influential book in academic feminism political economy and feminist economics. The book is a groundbreaking and systematic critique of the system of national accounts the international standard of measuring economic growth and the ways in which women's unpaid work as well as the value of Nature have been excluded from what counts as productive in the economy.
 Grandfather Stories is a book of 23 historical tales by journalist and novelist Samuel Hopkins Adams. Three were originally published in Woman's Day and 15 in The New Yorker. Most of the stories take place in upper New York State along the Erie Canal. Those stories told by his grandfather occur in the 1820s; others when Adams was a boy in the 1870s and 1880s.
 Cause of My Teacher (先生の事情 Sensei no Jijō) is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Temari Matsumoto. The manga is licensed in English by Blu Manga the boys love division of Tokyopop and was released in September 2009.
 Policy & Internet is a quarterly e-only peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization. The journal was established in 2009 and the editors-in-chief are Helen Margetts and Sandra Gonzalez Bailon (University of Oxford). The journal focuses on the effects of the Internet on public policy including the ethical implications of new technologies such as social networking.
 Požganica is a novel by Slovenian author Prežihov Voranc. It was first published in 1939.
 Gray's Anatomy for Students is an anatomy textbook inspired by the famous Gray's Anatomy and aimed primarily at medical students. The text has been praised for its innovative illustration style which emphasizes clarity and a conceptual approach to learning.Gray's Anatomy was used as the major reference both for the text and the illustrations.
 Punish the Sinners is a horror novel and the second novel by author John Saul first published in 1978. The novel concerns a rash of violent suicides at a Catholic High School. Punish the Sinners was the first book with a UPC code on the cover.
 Demon Sacred (デーモン聖典 Dēmon Seiten (Sakurīdo)) is a manga written and illustrated by Natsumi Itsuki.
 Not On Our Watch: The Mission to End Genocide in Darfur and Beyond is a book co-authored by actor Don Cheadle and human rights activist and co-founder of the Enough Project John Prendergast.
 Philosophical Perspectives is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy. Each annual volume is dedicated to a specific theme addressing philosophical problems. The founding editor-in-chief was James E. Tomberlin who edited the series from 1987 to 2002. Philosophical Perspectives became a supplement to Noûs in 1996 and is currently published by Wiley-Blackwell.
 Swallows and Amazons is the first book in the Swallows and Amazons series by English author Arthur Ransome; it was first published in 1930 with the action taking place in the summer of 1929 in the Lake District.
 GlobalPost is an online US news company that focuses on international news founded on January 12 2009 by Charles M. Sennott and Philip S. Balboni. Their stated goal is to redefine international news for the digital age. GlobalPost has 65 correspondents worldwide.
 Art International known as Art International Magazine was an art journal based in Switzerland and issued 10 times per year. James Fitzsimmons was the magazine's chief editor and publisher.
 Thunder Point is a novel in the Sean Dillon series by Jack Higgins published in 1993.
 Arc Poetry Magazine is a quarterly literary magazine established in 1978 publishing poetry and prose about poetry.
 Geological Observations on the Volcanic Islands visited during the Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle is a book written by the English naturalist Charles Darwin. The book was published in 1844 and is based on his travels during the second voyage of HMS Beagle commanded by captain Robert FitzRoy.
 A Singular Man is a 1963 novel by J. P. Donleavy.First published in Boston the novel is set in an unnamed city that is believed to be New York and was the author's second novel following the critically acclaimed The Ginger Man.
 Sold is a novel by Patricia McCormick published in 2006. It tells the story of a girl from Nepal named Lakshmi who is sold into sexual slavery in India. The novel is written in a series of short vignette-style chapters from the point of view of the main character.
 The New Evening Post (Chinese: 新晚報) was a Hong Kong newspaper. It was the evening edition of Ta Kung Pao. It started printing on October 15 1950 and stopped printing on July 27 1997.The famous novelist Jinyong was an editor there starting in 1952.[citation needed]New Evening Post was relaunched in August 2012 as a free tabloid newspaper.
 Iceworld is a science fiction novel by author Hal Clement. It was published in 1953 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Astounding in 1951.
 The Ardmoreite is an American daily newspaper published weekday and Sunday mornings in Ardmore Oklahoma. The Ardmoreite is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper was formerly owned by Stauffer Communications which was acquired by Morris Communications in 1994. Morris sold the paper along with thirteen others to GateHouse Media in 2007.
 The Long Revolution by Raymond Williams 1961.The long revolution of the title is a revolution in culture which Raymond Williams sees as having unfolded alongside the democratic revolution and the industrial revolution.
 Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media (1988) by Edward S.
 The Golem and the Jinni is a debut novel written by Helene Wecker. The novel was published in April 2013 by Harper. The novel combines the genre of historical fiction with elements from the fantasy genre.
 The Elf Mound (Danish: Elverhøi) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875). The tale is about a feast held in an elf mound for the Goblin Chief of Norway and his two sons both of whom are expected to select elf brides. The tale was published in Copenhagen Denmark by C.A. Reitzel in April 1845.
 House of Cards: A Tale of Hubris and Wretched Excess on Wall Street is the second book written by William D. Cohan. It was released on March 10 2009 by Doubleday. The book chronicles the history of Bear Stearns from its founding in 1923 to its fire sale to JP Morgan in 2008 following the subprime mortgage crisis. It also gives the reader an inside glance of Bear Stearns senior management and the company's growth into the fifth largest investment firm before its collapse.
 Something Happened is Joseph Heller's second novel (published in 1974 thirteen years after Catch-22).
 The New Zealand Herald is a daily newspaper published in Auckland New Zealand owned by APN News & Media. It has the largest newspaper circulation of any in the country peaking at over 200000 copies in 2006 although numbers had declined to 162181 by December 2012. Its main circulation area is the Auckland region. It is also delivered to much of the north of the North Island including Northland Waikato and King Country.
 Dead Eyes is a story in 2000 AD which started in March 2008. It was written by John Smith with art by Lee Carter.The story involves a soldier and scientist who have escaped from Porton Down and their realisation of what is really going on.
 The Politics of Bones: Dr. Owens Wiwa and the Struggle for Nigeria's Oil is a book by Canadian journalist J. Timothy Hunt. It was published by McClelland & Stewart in September 2005 just before the tenth anniversary of the controversial execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa.On November 10 1995 Nigeria’s military dictatorship executed nine environmental activists.
 The Libya Herald is an English-language newspaper based in Tripoli Libya. It was launched on 17 February 2012 the first anniversary of the outbreak of the Libyan civil war and currently publishes news through its website though plans are in place to launch a print edition in the near future. The Libya Herald was the initiative of Michel Cousins a British journalist raised in Libya who has worked in the Arab world for much of his career.
 Kitten for a Day is a 1974 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats about a puppy that joins a litter of kittens for a day.As of 2009 the book was still in print.
 Prozac Nation (sub-titled Young and Depressed in America: A Memoir) an autobiography by Elizabeth Wurtzel was published in 1994. The book describes the author's experiences with major depression her own character failings and how she managed to live through particularly difficult periods while completing college and working as a writer. Prozac is a trade name for the antidepressant fluoxetine.The book was adapted into a feature film Prozac Nation (2001) starring Christina Ricci.
 The Eye of Argon is a heroic fantasy novella that narrates the adventures of Grignr a barbarian. It was written in 1970 by Jim Theis (August 9 1953 – March 26 2002) and circulated anonymously in science fiction fandom since then.
 Pharmacognosy Reviews is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Pharmacognosy Network Worldwide. The journal publishes articles on the subject of pharmacognosy natural products and phytochemistry. It is indexed with Caspur EBSCO ProQuest and Scopus.
 Sinner: The Catholic Guy's Funny Feeble Attempts to Be a Faithful Catholic is a book written by American Catholic radio host Lino Rulli published in 2011. Rulli's sequel to Sinner Saint: Why I Should Be Canonized Right Away will be released on September 3 2013.
 The Weatherford Daily News is a five-day daily newspaper published in Weatherford Oklahoma. The newspaper is owned by the Reid family who also own the Vinita Daily Journal the Perry Daily Journal the Nowata Star the Tri-County Journal and the Afton/Fairland American.Southwestern Oklahoma State University graduate James Craddock purchased the Weatherford Democrat newspaper that he would rename the Weatherford Daily News in 1929.
 The Maze of the Beast is the sixth book in the Deltora Quest novel series written by Emily Rodda. It was published in 2001 by Scholastic.
 The Key is a fantasy novel written by Marianne Curley. It is the third book in the Guardians of Time Trilogy.
 Hildesheimer Allgemeine Zeitung is a German newspaper published in Hildesheim Germany. It was established as Hildesheimer Relations Courier first published on 24 June 1705.
 The Seven Sisters is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995. The Seven Sisters details the fictional characters known as the Seven Sisters of the Forgotten Realms campaign setting.
 Gorizont (Russian: Горизонт Horizon) is the first major Russian language newspaper in Colorado. Тhe newspaper serves the Russian-speaking community of the Denver-Aurora Metropolitan Area. Gorizont was established in 1995 by Anatoli Muchnik. In 1996 Muchnik appointed Leonid Reznikov a recently emigrated Russian scientist as executive editor.
 Lord of Souls is a book by Greg Keyes. It is the second of two planned books based on The Elder Scrolls series of video games.
 The Short Reign of Pippin IV: A Fabrication is a novel by John Steinbeck published in 1957; his only political satire the book pokes fun at French politics.
 Interlopers is a 2001 science fiction novel by Alan Dean Foster. The story centers on Cody Westcott a young archeologist who returns from a dig at Apachetarimac having studied the Chachapoyansthat race. In an attempt to reconstruct an ancient potion whose ingredients he discovers in the dig his friend is murdered and he ends up drinking the only sample.
 Mathematics and Computer Education is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal in the fields of mathematics and computer science education. The editor-in-chief is George M. Miller Jr. (Nassau Community College).
 Indogermanische Forschungen (German: Indo-European Research) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of linguistics. It focuses primarily on Indo-European studies but also publishes contributions on other languages and linguistic fields. It was established in 1892 by Karl Brugmann and Wilhelm Streitberg and is published on an annual basis by Walter de Gruyter. The editors in chief are Wolfgang P. Schmid and Eckhard Eggers both from the University of Göttingen.
 House and Garden are a diptych (or linked pair) of plays written by the English playwright Alan Ayckbourn first performed in 1999. They are designed to be staged simultaneously with the same cast in adjacent auditoria and were published together as House & Garden. House takes place in the drawing room and Garden in the grounds of a large country house.
 Savon Sanomat is a morning broadsheet newspaper published in Finland. It is based in Kuopio. Established in 1907 as of 2008 it has a circulation of 65056 papers.
 Muhammad bin Tughluq is a 1968 socio-political satire comedy play in Tamil written by Cho Ramaswamy. Cho also plays the titular character Muhammad bin Tughluq portraying the Sultan and the Indian political and social affairs in a sarcastic and humorous way. The play first premiered in 1968 and opened to instant success. Thereafter with only a few changes in 1969 the play was enacted without any changes in respect with cast dialogues characters costumes settings etc. until present day.
 Beyond the Barrier (original title: The Tree of Time) is a science fiction novel by Damon Knight. The novel tells the story of a physics professor in 1980 who begins to doubt that he is a human being. He imagines that he may have been sent from another world to rescue Earth; or perhaps to destroy it. Solving the mystery takes him far into the future.
 Anarchy Comics was a series of underground comic books published by Last Gasp between 1978 and 1987 as part of the underground comix subculture of the era.
 I Juan de Pareja is a novel by Elizabeth Borton de Treviño that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1966.The novel is written in the first person as by the title character Juan de Pareja a half-African slave of the artist Diego Velázquez and model for one of Velázquez's most noted paintings who earns his freedom through his own merits artistic and otherwise.
 The French Connection: A True Account of Cops Narcotics and International Conspiracy is a non-fiction book by Robin Moore first published in 1969 about the notorious French Connection drug trafficking scheme. It is followed by the book The Setup. The book was adapted to film in 1971 as The French Connection by Ernest Tidyman.
 The biographical book The ultimate entrepreneur: the story of Ken Olsen and Digital Equipment Corporation chronicles the experiences of Ken Olsen racing to design minicomputers at the company of his own founding Digital Equipment Corporation.
 The Guelph Mercury is an English language daily newspaper published in Guelph Ontario Canada. It publishes a mix of community national and international news and is owned by the Torstar Corporation. The newspaper in many incarnations has been a part of the community since 1854. It is one of the oldest broadsheet newspapers in Ontario.[citation needed]
 This article is about a national chronicle written in the Konbaung period. See Yazawin Kyaw for the 15th century chronicle.Yazeinda Yazawara Mandani or more commonly known as Maha Yazawin Kyaw (Burmese: မဟာ ရာဇဝင်ကျော် pronounced: [məhà jàzəwɪ̀ɴ tɕɔ̀]; lit. Great Celebrated Chronicle) is a Konbaung period national chronicle of Burma (Myanmar).
 Garden Dreams (彼は花園で夢を見る Kare wa Hanazono de Yume wo Miru) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Fumi Yoshinaga. The manga is serialised in Shinshokan's Wings. Shinshokan released the manga on September 1999.It is licensed and published in North America by Digital Manga Publishing on October 24 2007.
 The Museum of Dr. Moses: Tales of Mystery and Suspense is a short story collection by Joyce Carol Oates which comprises shorter works in a darker genre. In The Man Who Fought Roland LaStarza a woman’s world is upended when she learns the brutal truth about a family friend’s death—and what her father is capable of.
 Jack Kirby's Galactic Bounty Hunters is a six-issue comic book limited series by Marvel's imprint Icon Comics and based on some of Jack Kirby's unpublished ideas.
 The Time Dweller is a collection of short stories by Michael Moorcock.
 The Epic of the Wheat was a planned trilogy by American author Frank Norris. Two of the three works were published but the third was not written at the time of Norris' death.
 Youth is an autobiographical short story by Joseph Conrad. Written in 1898 it was first published in Blackwood's Magazine and included as the first story in the 1902 volume Youth a Narrative and Two Other Stories. This volume also includes Heart of Darkness and The End of the Tether stories concerned with the themes of maturity and old age respectively. Youth depicts a young man's first journey to the East.
 La Bête Humaine is an 1890 novel by Émile Zola. The story has been adapted for the cinema on several occasions. It is based upon the railway between Paris and Le Havre in the 19th century and is a tense psychological thriller.
 The Long Journey (Danish: Den Lange Rejse) is a series of six novels by Danish author and poet Johannes V. Jensen written between 1908 and 1922. The books deal with the authors theories on evolution backdropped against a description of humanity from pre-Ice Age up to the voyage of Christopher Columbus. The work is fictional weaving in Jensen's stylistic mythic prose with his personal views on Darwinian evolutionary theory.
 Sleepovers is a book by Jacqueline Wilson published in 2001. The story is about Daisy who hangs out with her friends Amy Bella Chloe and Emily: The Alphabet Club which was formed by Daisy herself. While she goes to their birthday sleepovers she's worried that her brain-damaged sister Lily wouldn't spoil her sleepover.
 The Quick and the Dead is a collection of stories by author Vincent Starrett. It was released in 1965 and was the author's only collection of stories published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 2047 copies. The stories were originally published between 1920 and 1932 in various pulp magazines.
 Child of Fortune is a 1985 science fiction novel by the American author Norman Spinrad. Like his previous book The Void Captain's Tale Child of Fortune takes place three or four thousand years in the future in a fictional universe called the Second Starfaring Age. It is a coming of age story about a young girl's wanderjahr a rite of passage that all adolescents in the Second Starfaring Age are expected to undertake before they become adults.
 The Quest Begins is the first novel in the Seekers series. It was written by Erin Hunter which is a pseudonym used by authors Cherith Baldry Kate Cary Tui Sutherland and editor Victoria Holmes. The novel follows the adventures of four bears Toklo Kallik Lusa and Ujurak. Each bear is stranded by themselves in the wild and must learn to survive. The declining environment of the bears is the main theme conveyed throughout the novel.
 Treasure is an action-adventure novel by Clive Cussler. This is the ninth book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Dirk Pitt.
 Joris of the Rock is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer the second book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle. It is set around the fourteenth century in an alternate medieval France called Neustria (historically an early division of the Frankish kingdom). The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Heinemann in 1928; an American edition followed from Doubleday in 1929.
 Swords of Mars is a science fantasy novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs the eighth of his Barsoom series. It was first published in the magazine Blue Book as a six-part serial in the issues for November 1934 to April 1935. The first book edition was published by Edgar Rice Burroughs Inc. in February 1936.
 Finding the Fox is a fantasy/science fiction novel by Ali Sparkes. It is the first book in the Shapeshifter series and was first published in 2006 by Oxford University Press.
 The Crack magazine is a free culture and listings magazine. Published monthly in print and online it covers entertainment and culture for the North East region of England.
 To Die in Italbar (1973) is a science fiction novel by Roger Zelazny. To Die in Italbar follows Mr. H a man who needs only to touch someone to heal or hurt them during a deadly galactic pandemic.The novel contains a cameo by Francis Sandow the protagonist of Isle of the Dead but it is not a sequel. Zelazny originally wrote this book hastily to fulfill a contract when he became a full-time writer in May 1969 and the publisher declined to publish it then.
 Mr. Tucket is the first novel in The Tucket Adventures by Gary Paulsen. It is about 14 year old Francis Tucket who strays from his family's wagon on the Oregon Trail and is captured by the Pawnee. It was first published in 1969 by Funk & Wagnalls.It was later turned into a five-part omnibus entitled Tucket's Travels along with the rest of the novels in The Tucket Adventures by Random House and released in 2003.
 The Rings of Saturn (German: Die Ringe des Saturn: Eine englische Wallfahrt - An English Pilgrimage) is a 1995 novel by the German writer W. G. Sebald. Its first-person narrative arc is the account by a nameless narrator (who resembles the author in typical Sebaldian fashion) on a walking tour of Suffolk.
 Letters of an Indian Judge to an English Gentlewoman is a book of correspondence in the form of letters from Arvind Nehra an Indian judge in colonial India. First published in 1934 this compilation of letters that were unhindered by thoughts of public utterance. Nehru met the English woman the wife of an English Colonel at a party at Government House in Calcutta after having recently returned from.
 The Adventure of Rock (ロック冒険記 Rock Boukenki) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1952.
 The Journal of Basic Microbiology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on microbiology. It was established in 1960 as the Zeitschrift für allgemeine Mikrobiologie and obtained its current title in 1985.
 The Shadowers is a novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1964 continuing the exploits of assassin Matt Helm. It was the seventh novel of the series.
 A Happy Death (original title La mort heureuse) was the first novel by French writer-philosopher Albert Camus. The existentialist topic of the book is the will to happiness the conscious creation of one's happiness and the need of time (and money) to do so. It draws on memories of the author including his job at the maritime commission in Algiers his suffering from tuberculosis and his travels in Europe.
 The Exception to the Rulers is a 2004 non-fiction book co-authored by American liberal journalists Amy and David Goodman. It reached number 12 in the New York Times Best Seller list for non-fiction paperbacks in 2005.
 Outburn is an American bimonthly print and digital publication focusing on alternative rock heavy metal and punk rock music. The articles consist of include news interviews and reviews.
 Eveline is a short story by the Irish writer James Joyce featured on his 1914 collection of short stories Dubliners.
 A Spaniard in the Works is a book from 1965 by John Lennon. The book consists of nonsensical stories and drawings similar to the style of his previous book 1964's In His Own Write.
 Josie and the Pussycats (initially published as She's Josie and Josie) is a teen-humor comic book about a fictional rock band created by Dan DeCarlo and published by Archie Comics. It was published from 1963 until 1982; since then a number of one-shot issues have appeared without regularity. It was adapted into a Saturday morning cartoon by Hanna-Barbera Productions in 1970 and a live-action motion picture by Universal Studios and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 2001.
 The Country Girls is Edna O'Brien's first novel. Released in 1960 is often credited with breaking silence on sexual matters and social issues during a repressive period in Ireland following World War II. and was later adapted into film. The Irish censor banned the book shaming her parents; the family's parish priest publicly burned copies of the novel.
 Ceres Celestial Legend (妖しのセレス Ayashi no Seresu) is a fantasy shōjo manga series written by Yuu Watase. It was originally serialized in Shōjo Comic from May 1996 through March 2000. The chapters were also published by Shogakukan in fourteen collected volumes. The series focuses on Aya Mikage who learns on her sixteenth birthday that she is the reincarnation of a celestial maiden (天女 tennyo) named Ceres and her twin brother Aki the reincarnation of Ceres' former husband Mikagi.
 Jaridat ar Rabita al Wataniya as Suriya (Arabic: جريدة الرابطة الوطنية السورية‎ 'Newspaper of the Syrian National League') was an Arabic language newspaper published in Buenos Aires from 1929 to 1934. The paper was published by Khalil Saadeh the father of Antun Saadeh.
 Flower of Life (Japanese: フラワー·オブ·ライフ Hepburn: Furawa obu Raifu) is a manga by Fumi Yoshinaga revolving around a group of friends in a high school. The manga is serialised in Shinshokan's Wings. It was nominated for the first annual Manga Taishō award in 2008 and one of the Young Adult Library Services Association's 2008 Great Graphic Novels. The manga is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing.
 Glory (Russian: Подвиг) is a Russian novel written by Vladimir Nabokov between 1930 and 1932 and first published in Paris. The novel has been seen by some critics as a kind of fictional dress-run-through of the author's famous memoir Speak Memory.[citation needed] Its Swiss-Russian hero Martin Edelweiss shares a number of experiences and sensations with his creator: goal-tending at Cambridge University Cambridge fireplaces English morning weather a passion for rail travel.
 Regional Studies is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in theoretical development empirical analysis and policy debate in the field of regional science. It is an official journal of the Regional Studies Association and is published by Routledge. The editor-in-chief is Ivan Turok (Human Sciences Research Council South Africa).
 Baseball as a Road to God: Seeing Beyond the Game is a book written by John Sexton that discusses the game of baseball in the context of religion. The book is co-authored with Thomas Oliphant and Peter J. Schwartz; the foreword is written by Doris Kearns Goodwin.Sexton a Catholic grew up in New York City and as a young man was a Brooklyn Dodgers fan. A graduate of a Jesuit prep high school Sexton holds an M.A. in comparative religion (1965) and a Ph.D.
 A Drama in the Air (French: Un drame dans les airs) is an adventure short story by Jules Verne.The story was first published in August 1851 under the title Science for families. A Voyage in a Balloon (La science en famille. Un voyage en ballon) in Musée des familles with five illustrations by Alexandre de Bar. In 1874 with six illustrations by Émile-Antoine Bayard it was included in Doctor Ox the only collection of Jules Verne’s short stories published during Verne’s lifetime.
 Darklords is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1991.
 Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life is a 2013 New York Times bestselling book by fitness experts John Romaniello and Adam Bornstein. The book covers fitness and lifestyle topics tailored to the male population including workout routines hormone optimization fat loss and improved sexual performance and includes an introduction by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 An American Dream (1965) is Norman Mailer's fourth novel published by Dial Press. Mailer wrote it in serialized form for Esquire consciously attempting to resurrect the methodology used by Charles Dickens and other earlier novelists with Mailer writing each chapter against monthly deadlines.
 Fossil Hunter is a novel written by Canadian science fiction author Robert J. Sawyer. The sequel to Far-Seer it is the second book of the Quintaglio Ascension Trilogy. The book depicts an Earth-like world on a moon which orbits a gas giant inhabited by a species of highly evolved sentient Tyrannosaurs called Quintaglios among various other creatures from the late cretaceous period imported to this moon by aliens 65 million years prior to the story.
 The Wolf Sea is the second novel of the four-part Oathsworn series by Scottish writer of historical fiction Robert Low released on 4 August 2008 through Harper. The novel was relatively well received.
 The Ear the Eye and the Arm awarded a Newbery Honor is a novel by Nancy Farmer. It is set in Zimbabwe in the year 2194.The book combines elements of science-fiction and African culture and depicts the struggle of a notorious general's three children to escape from their kidnappers in the crime-infested capital of Zimbabwe.
 Film Score Monthly is an online magazine (and former print magazine) founded by editor-in-chief and executive producer Lukas Kendall in June 1990 as The Soundtrack Correspondence List. It is dedicated to the art of film and television scoring.Film Score Monthly released 250 film and television scores on CD between 1996 and 2013. The International Film Music Critics Association named it Soundtrack Label of the Year in 2004 and Film Music Record Label of the Year in 2005.
 Yo-Kai Watch (妖怪ウォッチ Yōkai Wotchi trademarked in Japan as Youkai Watch) is a role-playing video game developed and published by Level-5. The original game was released for the Nintendo 3DS in Japan on July 11 2013 with a sequel Yo-Kai Watch 2 to be released on July 10 2014.
 The Divided Lady is a 1960 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Divided Kingdom is a novel by British author Rupert Thomson. It was first published in Britain by Bloomsbury in April 2005 and then in the United States by Alfred A. Knopf in June 2005.
 The Oswegonian is the student-run newspaper of the State University of New York at Oswego.
 Empire is a book by post-Marxist philosophers Antonio Negri and Michael Hardt. Written in the mid-1990s it was published in 2000 and quickly sold beyond its expectations as an academic work.
 Early Theatre is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in the study of medieval and early modern theatre and drama particularly in England Scotland Ireland and Wales. The journal originally evolved out of the REED Newsletter which was published biannually by the Records of Early English Drama and the first issue was published in 1998. It is edited by Helen Ostovich.
 The Bismarck Tribune is a daily newspaper printed in Bismarck North Dakota. The Tribune is the primary daily newspaper for south-central and southwest North Dakota. Its average daily circulation is 31081 on Sundays and 27620 on weekdays. One notable reporter for the paper was Mark H. Kellogg.The editorial viewpoint is conservative though it endorsed John Kerry for president in 2004. The Tribune's first claim to fame was the 1876 report of George Custer's last stand at the Little Bighorn.
 The Journal of Literary Theory is a double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal published by Walter de Gruyter since 2007. The journal is dedicated to research in literary theory. It takes an interdisciplinary approach and includes a broad variety of theories and methods. Publication languages are English and German.
 Poverty A Study of Town Life is the first book by the sociological researcher social reformer and industrialist Seebohm Rowntree published in 1901. The study widely considered a seminal work of sociology details Rowntree's investigation of poverty in York England and the subsequent implications that arise from the findings in regard to the nature of poverty at the start of the 20th century. It also marks the first usage of a poverty line in sociological research.
 Egg collecting and bird life of Australia is a quarto-sized book authored and published in 1907 by field ornithologist and oologist Sidney William Jackson. The full title text reads: Egg collecting and bird life of Australia. Catalogue and data of the “Jacksonian oological collection” illustrated with numerous photographs depicting various incidents and items in connection with this interesting study which has been the life work of the Author.
 Miracle’s Boys is a young adult novel by Jacqueline Woodson featuring three young bi-racial brothers growing up without parents in New York. It won the Coretta Scott King Award in 2001.
 Western Socialist Journal of Scientific Socialism in the Western Hemisphere was a regular magazine of the Socialist Party of Canada (WSM) begun in 1933 becoming a joint publication with the World Socialist Party of the United States in 1939 before reverting to the Socialist Party of Canada in the mid-1970s and ceasing publication in 1980.
 Reideen (REIDEEN(ライディーン) Raidīn) is a Japanese animated television series remake of the 1975 Super Robot anime Brave Raideen. It was produced by Production I.G and directed by Mitsuru Hongo. Which was originally broadcast on the satellite network WOWOW in 2007.The anime series has been adapted into a manga.
 Lost in a Good Book is an alternate history fantasy novel by Jasper Fforde. It won the Independent Mystery Booksellers Association 2004 Dilys Award.
 Moon Tiger is a 1987 novel by Penelope Lively which spans the time before during and after World War II. The novel won the 1987 Booker Prize. It is written from multiple points of view and moves backward and forward through time. It begins as the story of a woman who on her deathbed decides to write a history of the world and develops into a story of love incest and the desire to be recognized as an independent free thinking woman of the time.
 A Convergence of Birds is a collection of experimental fiction and poetry inspired by the artwork of Joseph Cornell. Jonathan Safran-Foer while still an unpublished college-student solicited his favorite authors to write about Cornell prints which he sent them in the mail along with his request for submissions.
 Espresso Tales is a novel by Alexander McCall Smith the author of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency. The story was first published as a serial novel in The Scotsman like its predecessor 44 Scotland Street. The book retains the 100+ short chapters of the original.
 Min Razagri Aredaw Sadan or more commonly known as Rakhine Razawin Haung (Burmese: ရခိုင် ရာဇဝင်ဟောင်း) is an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle covering the history of Arakan.
 Foxy Lady (疾風可憐迅雷狐娘! Shippū Karen Jinrai Komusume!) is a manga created by Ayun Tachibana. It is a mixture of romantic fantasy which also fits into the kemonomimi genre. It is about Kogane Mikasa a kitsunemimi (fox-girl) who is half-human and half-demon. She enters the human world via a shrine run by her aunt and uncle and dedicated to her father. When she arrives into the human world she encounters a trainee priest and heir to the shrine Jin Mikasa.
 The Heads of Cerberus is a science fiction novel by author Francis Stevens. It was first published in book form in 1952 by Polaris Press in an edition of 1563 copies. It was the first book published by Polaris Press. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Thrill Book in 1919 and 1920. A scholarly reprint edition was issued by Arno Press in 1978 and a mass market paperback by Carroll & Graf in 1984.
 The Saint Sees it Through is the title of a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris featuring his creation Simon Templar alias The Saint. The book was first published in 1946 in the United States by The Crime Club. Hodder and Stoughton published the first British edition in 1947. This was the final full-length novel featuring Templar to be solely written by Charteris as the author chose to concentrate on short stories and novella-length Saint stories hereafter.
 The Lightning Child is a 2013 play by Ché Walker freely adapting The Bacchae by Euripides. Its premiere production at Shakespeare's Globe in London ran from 14 September to 12 October 2013 - the same theatre has previously put on Walker's The Frontline.The play includes songs by Arthur Darvill who has also collaborated with Walker on The Frontline and the 2009 musical Been So Long - he had to recommence work on the score from scratch in October 2012 after his laptop was stolen.
 The Simulacra is a 1964 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. The novel portrays a future totalitarian society apparently dominated by a matriarch Nicole Thibodeaux. It revolves around the themes of reality and illusionary beliefs as do many of Dick's works. Additionally it touches on Nazi ideology.
 The Pigman's Legacy is a young adult novel written by Paul Zindel first published in 1980. The book is a sequel to The Pigman following the lives of John and Lorraine shortly after The Pigman's death at the end of the first story and how they quickly make up for it.
 So Long a Letter (translated from Une si longue lettre) is a semi-autobiographical novel originally written in French by the Senegalese writer Mariama Bâ. Its theme is the condition of women in Western African society.So Long a Letter Mariama Bâ's first novel is literally written as a long letter. As the novel begins Ramatoulaye Fall is beginning a letter to her lifelong friend Aissatou Bâ. The occasion for writing is Ramatoulaye's recent widowhood.
 Bobo is the title character of an eponym Italian comic strip created in 1979 by Sergio Staino. It was referred as a symbol of a whole generation.The first comic strip of Bobo was created October 10 1979 and was published in Linus in December of the same year.
 The Bulwark is a 1946 (posthumous) novel by Theodore Dreiser.
 The Lazarus Project (2008) is a novel by Bosnian fiction writer and journalist Aleksandar Hemon. It was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Award and the 2008 National Book Critics Circle Award. It was the winner of the inaugural Jan Michalski Prize for Literature in 2010.
 So the Wind Won't Blow It All Away is a novel written by Richard Brautigan published in 1982.The story is about a narrator in 1979 remembering the events that happened when he was 13 in 1948. The young narrator lives in a lower class suburban Oregon neighborhood and collects beer bottles or does favors for neighbors to earn money. He also spends time alone fishing in a pond on the outskirts of town.
 Winnie the Pooh is a comic strip based on the characters created by A.A.
 The New-England Repertory was a newspaper published from 1803 through 1820.It was first published in Newburyport Massachusetts but was moved to Boston in 1804 and renamed The Repertory. It was published under this name and The Repertory & General Advertiser until 1820.
 Jackals is a horror novel and thriller novel by Charles L. Grant. It was first published in 1994 by Forge Books in the United States and in the UK by New English Library. Jackals is the author's final stand-alone novel before his death in 2006. Grant continued to write novels in various series - and genres - and short stories for anthologies. Stephen King said of Jackals: '[t]he premier horror writer of his or any generation'.
 History Compass (ISSN 1478-0542) is a peer-reviewed online-only academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell and edited by historian Felice Lifshitz.
 What Happened at Midnight is Volume 10 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1931. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1967 by Tom Mulvey resulting in two different stories with the same title.
 Innviertler Heimatblatt was a National Socialist weekly newspaper published from Ried im Innkreis 1938-1945. It was the organ of the NSDAP for the Innviertel region. Innviertel Heimatblatt substituted Innviertler Zeitung which had been published from 1918 and had been the organ of the German People's Party in Innviertel.In 1945 Innviertel Heimatblatt was substituted by Innviertler Volkszeitung which was discontinued in the same year.
 Blackbird is a 2011 novel by Nigerian author Jude Dibia published by the JALAA Writers’ Collective. Dibia’s third novel follows a complex story of romance and revenge set against the social and political climate of contemporary Nigeria often told through flashbacks and dream sequences.
 Oriental Adventures (abbreviated OA) is the title shared by two hardback rulebooks published for different versions of the Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) fantasy roleplaying game. Each version of Oriental Adventures provides rules for adapting its respective version of D&D for use in campaign settings based on the Far East rather than the medieval Europe-setting assumed by most D&D books. Both versions of Oriental Adventures include example campaign settings.
 Mizuiro Jidai (水色時代 lit. Aqua Age) is manga series which was serialized in 1991 by Shogakukan Inc. in the shōjo manga magazine Ciao. An anime television series version ran for 47 episodes in 1996/1997 on TV Tokyo. During the run of the anime a continuation of the story called Shin Mizuiro Jidai was run in Ciao Magazine. The series was made into a musical in 2001 and a cast recording was released. It is known as Aqua Age or the Blue Green Years in English.
 The Weekly Post is a weekly newspaper based in Locust North Carolina covering Stanly County and southern Cabarrus County. The newspaper is owned by The Weekly Post Inc. The paper was established in 1974 by its editor and publisher John Long. Long died in 2003.
 Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up to Me is a novel by Richard Fariña. First published in the United States in 1966 the novel based largely on Fariña's college experiences and travels is a comic picaresque story that is set in the American West in Cuba during the Cuban Revolution and at an upstate New York university. The name of the protagonist is Gnossos Pappadopoulis a modern Odysseus.
 Falling (1994) (orig. Dutch Vallen) is a novel by the Flemish author Anne Provoost.
 Saint Peter is a well-known poem by iconic Australian writer and poet Henry Lawson. It was first published in 1893.The poem references Saint Peter. It was written to music in 1975 by Australian musician Peter Duggan and is now a popular Australian folk song.
 Trinity Blood (Japanese: トリニティ・ブラッド Hepburn: Toriniti Buraddo) is a series of Japanese light novels written by Sunao Yoshida with illustrations by Thores Shibamoto and originally serialized in The Sneaker. Set 900 years after an apocalyptic war between humans and vampires the series focuses on the on-going cold war between the Vatican the human government and the New Human Empire the government of the vampiric Methuselah.
 Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book is a 1962 children's book by Dr. Seuss. This book begins with a small bug named Van Vleck yawning. This yawn spreads (as yawns are terribly contagious) and then the book follows various creatures including the Foona Lagoona Baboona the Collaspable Frink the Chippendale Mupp The Oft and the Krandles throughout the lands who are sleeping or preparing to sleep.
 Conan and the Spider God is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Bantam Books in December 1980; later paperback editions were issued by Ace Books (April 1989 reprinted August 1991) and Tor Books (June 2003). The first hardcover edition was issued by Robert Hale in 1984 and the second by Tor Books in 2002.
 The Duchess of Padua is a play by Oscar Wilde. It is a five-act melodramatic tragedy set in Padua and written in blank verse. It was written for the actress Mary Anderson in early 1883 while in Paris. After she turned it down it was abandoned until its first performance at The Broadway Theatre in New York under the title Guido Ferranti on 26 January 1891 where it ran for three weeks. It has been rarely revived or studied.
 The Lion of Comarre & Against the Fall of Night are early stories by Arthur C. Clarke collected together for publication in 1968 by Harcourt Brace and by Gollancz in London in 1970 it has been reprinted several times. Both concern Earth in the far future with a utopian but static human society.Against the Fall of Night was later expanded and revised as The City and the Stars one of Clarke's best-known works.
 The Cyborg from Earth is a 1998 science fiction novel by Charles Sheffield. It is the fourth in a series of unrelated stories published by Tor Books in their Jupiter line.
 The Clean House is a play by Sarah Ruhl which premiered in 2004 at Yale Repertory Theatre and has since been produced in many American cities. The play is a whimsical romantic comedy centered on Matilde a Brazilian cleaning woman who would rather be a comedian.
 Four Steps to Death is a historical novel by John Wilson first published in 2005. It is about the horrors and tragedies of the Battle of Stalingrad. The plot revolves around the lives of various characters involved in the battle on both sides of the conflict and shows how horrible war can be.
 Ha'penny is a science fiction novel written by Jo Walton and published by Tor Books in October 2007.
 Le Rénovateur is the only French-language newspaper in the Lao PDR (Laos). It is published weekly by the Lao Press in Foreign Languages which is a specialised agency of the Ministry of Information and CultureIt was started in 1998 after the communist government decided to start a new policy in order to open the country.
 The New Believers: A Survey of Sects 'Cults' and Alternative Religions is a book by David V.
 Now (styled as NOW) is a free alternative weekly newspaper in Toronto Canada. It was first printed on September 10 1981 by Michael Hollett and Alice Klein. Now is an alternative weekly mixing arts and entertainment news with political coverage. Editorially it strongly favours the New Democratic Party (NDP) politically.Independent and privately owned by Hollett and Klein Now is published 52 times a year.
 The Broken Sword of the Empire (Russian: Сломанный меч Империи) is a novel by Russian author Maxim Kalashnikov first published in 1998 by the Great Resistance publisher. It is the first part of Kalashnikov’s historical geopolitical and economical series of novels.The Broken Sword of the Empire is a historical/geopolitical analysis of Russia in the period from the 1930s to the 1990s. The whole book is constructed as an answer to the question “Who was winning the Third World Cold War?”
 St. Amy's Tale is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror.
 The Star Fox is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson first published in 1965. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1965 an award won by Frank Herbert's Dune.
 Freedom and the Law is the most important book written by Italian jurist and philosopher Bruno Leoni. It was first published in 1961 and the 3rd edition is now made widely available through the Internet by the Online Library of Liberty [1] with permission of the George Mason University.In this book Leoni contended that the greatest obstacle to the Rule of Law is the problem of overlegislation.
 Sounder is a young adult novel by William H. Armstrong. It is the story of an African-American boy living with his sharecropper family. Although the family's difficulties increase when the father is imprisoned for stealing a ham from work the boy still hungers for an education. Sounder the dog's name is the only character name used in the book. The author refers to the various characters by their relationship or their role in the story. The setting is also ambiguous.
 Thank You for Smoking is a novel by Christopher Buckley first published in 1994 which tells the story of Nick Naylor a tobacco lobbyist during the 1990s.
 Sweet Ermengarde is a short comic story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft under the pseuodym Percy Simple. It was probably written between 1919 and 1921; Lovecraft scholars state it is the only work of fiction by HPL that cannot be dated with precision. It was first published in the Arkham House collection Beyond the Wall of Sleep (1943).
 The Neverending Story (German: Die unendliche Geschichte) is a German fantasy novel by Michael Ende first published in 1979. The standard English translation by Ralph Manheim was first published in 1983. The novel was later adapted into several films.The majority of the story takes place in the parallel world of Fantastica (Phantásien in the original German version) a world being destroyed by a mysterious force called the Nothing.
 Operation Storm City is the third novel in The Guild of Specialists trilogy by Joshua Mowll. It was published in the UK and France in the autumn of 2008. The US edition was released in hardcover on the May 12 2009. The series follows the adventures of Rebecca and Douglas MacKenzie as they search to find their parents who went missing on an expedition to the Sinkiang Desert in China.The cover of the book features a ram's head in the trademark portal in the centre.
 The Monkey is a short story by Stephen King first published in Gallery magazine in 1980. It was significantly revised and published in King's collection Skeleton Crew in 1985.
 Jesus of Nazareth: Holy Week is the second volume (after Jesus of Nazareth released in 2007) in Joseph Ratzinger Pope Benedict XVI's three-volume meditation on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ.
 The Palo Alto Weekly is a weekly community newspaper in Palo Alto in the U.S. state of California. Owned by Embarcadero Media it serves Palo Alto Menlo Park Atherton Portola Valley Stanford East Palo Alto and Los Altos Hills.It was established in 1979 as an alternative to the town's daily newspaper the Peninsula Times Tribune which ceased publishing in 1993. At that time the Weekly expanded to twice-a-week. In 1995 a new daily the Palo Alto Daily News began publishing.
 A Guide to Middle-earth was the first published encyclopedic reference book for the fictional universe of J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth compiled and edited by Robert Foster. The book was published in 1971 by Mirage Press a specialist science fiction and fantasy publisher in a limited edition of 2000 copies (750 numbered hardcovers and 1250 unnumbered paperbacks).
 The Liberator is a quarterly print publication started by Brian Kasoro Gayle Smaller Tazz Hunter Kenya McKnight Marcus Harcus and Mike Clark in Minneapolis Minnesota USA. The first issue was published July 21 2002. Currently Brian Kasoro and Kamille Whittaker serve as co-editors with Stephanie Tisdale and Melvin Barrolle as associate editors.Originally known as The Minneapolis Liberator the publication's name was later changed to The Liberator.
 The Return of the Emperor is the sixth book in Chris Bunch and Allan Cole's The Sten Adventures.
 The Miner's Right is an 1891 play by Alfred Dampier and Garnet Welch based on a story by Rolf Boldrewood. It was highly successful and one of the most popular Australian plays of the 1890s.
 The Overachievers or The Overachievers: The Secret Lives of Driven Kids is a nonfiction book written by Alexandra Robbins. Using the example of some American teenagers it centers upon overachievement in high school emphasizing its negative effect in modern American society.
 'Red Cap' is a historical fiction book first published by G. Clifton Wisler in 1991 by Lodestar Books. It was published again in 1994 by Puffin Books.The book takes placed during the American Civil War in 1862. Ransom J. Powell a boy who lives in Frostburg Maryland decides to join the Union Army against his parent's will. He manages to lie and convince people that he's 15 though he is small for his age of 13.
 The Reformed Theological Review is Australia's longest-running Protestant theological journal. It was founded in 1942 with Arthur Allen a minister of the Presbyterian Church of Eastern Australia as its first editor. It stands in the Reformed tradition and exists to give a scholarly exposition defence and propagation of the Reformed faith.
 Yume-Kira: Dream Shoppe (ゆめゆめ煌々堂 Yume-yume Kira-kira Dō) is a Japanese manga series by Aqua Mizuto. It originally ran in Shogakukan's manga magazine Shōjo Comic and then was serialized in Viz Media's Shojo Beat magazine from April 2007 to July 2007.The manga composes of a collection of short stories connected by the concept of the Dream Shoppe; as a result it introduces new characters with each chapter and how the Dream Shoppe comes to change the characters' lives.
 Advances in Physics is a bimonthly scientific journal published by Taylor & Francis that was established in 1952. The journal is also issued as a supplement to the Philosophical Magazine (see Harvard reference below). Peer review is determined on a case-by-case basis. The editor-in-chief is David Sherrington (University of Oxford).The frequency of this publication varied from 1952 until 2007 when it became a bimonthly journal.
 The Omaha Bee was a pioneer newspaper in Omaha Nebraska founded on May 8 1871 by Edward Rosewater a Bohemian Jewish immigrant who supported abolition and fought in the Union Army. The Bee was regarded as a Republican newspaper and early on featured Rosewater's opinions. The paper's editorial slant frequently pitted it against the Omaha Herald the Omaha Republican and other local papers.
 Walk in My Soul is a 1985 historical novel by Lucia St. Clair Robson.
 The Wild Boys: A Book of the Dead is a novel written by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs. It was first published in 1971 by Grove Press. It depicts a homosexual youth movement whose objective is the downfall of western civilization set in an apocalyptic late twentieth century.
 Splat the Cat is a 2008 children's picture book by Rob Scotton.
 The Moneychangers is a 1975 novel written by Arthur Hailey. The plot revolves around the politics inside a major bank.
 The Master of Hestviken is a tetralogy about medieval Norway written by Sigrid Undset. It was originally published in Norwegian as two volumes Olav Audunssøn i Hestviken and Olav Audunssøn og Hans Børn from 1925 to 1927. Hestviken is a fictional mediaeval farm on the East side of the Oslo fjord. The series is set partly during the Civil war era in Norway in which period the Bagler faction frequently established themselves in the nearby Viken area.
 Meat Is Murder: An Illustrated Guide To Cannibal Culture is a book originally published in 1998 which examines cannibalism in myth true crime and film.
 1942 is an alternate history novel written by Robert Conroy. It focuses on Japan's fictional invasion of the Hawaiian Islands on December 8 1941 and the ensuing fight back for the islands between Japan and the USA in 1942.In 2010 the novel won the Sidewise Award for Alternate History.
 From a Buick 8 is a novel by Stephen King. Published on September 24 2002 this is the second novel by Stephen King to feature a supernatural car (the first one being Christine which like this novel is set in Western Pennsylvania).
 Pictures of Fidelman is a short story collection by Bernard Malamud which gathers six stories dealing with Arthur Fidelman an art student from the Bronx who travels to Italy initially to research Giotto but also with the hopes of becoming a painter. The collection published in 1969 includes stories from Malamud's earlier collections The Magic Barrel (1958) and Idiots First (1963) plus three previously unpublished stories.
 Punk: Chaos to Couture is a 2013 non-fiction book by Andrew Bolton Richard Hell Jon Savage and John Lydon.
 Grażyna is an 1823 narrative poem by Adam Mickiewicz written in the summer of 1822 during a year-long sabbatical in Vilnius while away from his teaching duties in Kowno (present day Kaunas). Probably his first notable work.The poem describes the exploits of a mythical Lithuanian chieftainess Grażyna against the forces of the medieval Order of the Teutonic Knights. The woman character is believed to have been based on Mickiewicz's own sweetheart from Kowno Karolina Kowalska.
 The Sea Fairies is a children's fantasy novel written by L. Frank Baum illustrated by John R. Neill and published in 1911 by the Reilly & Britton Company the publisher of Baum's series of Oz books. Baum dedicated the book to the otherwise-unknown Judith of Randolph Massachusetts — most likely one of the child readers who corresponded with the author.
 EDN (ISSN 0012-7515) is an electronics website and formerly a magazine owned by UBM Tech a division of UBM LLC. The current editor-in-chief and brand director is Patrick Mannion with the editorial offices of the magazine in San Francisco California and Manhasset New York USA. EDN magazine was published monthly in April 2013 UBM Tech announced it would cease publication of the print edition of the magazine after the June 2013 issue.
 The Penguin Guide to Jazz is a reference work containing an encyclopedic directory of jazz recordings on CD which are currently available in Europe or the United States. The first nine editions were compiled by Richard Cook and Brian Morton two well known chroniclers of jazz resident in the United Kingdom.
 Goodnight Mister Tom is a play by David Wood based on the children's novel of the same name by Michelle Magorian. The play earned the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Entertainment at the 2013 Laurence Olivier Awards.
 The Beacon is the student run newspaper of the University of Portland in Portland Oregon United States. The current name of the paper at the private Catholic school was adopted in 1935. The weekly paper is published each Thursday and is a member of the College Publisher Network.
 World Shakespeare Bibliography Online is a searchable electronic database consisting of the most comprehensive record of Shakespeare-related scholarship and theatrical productions published or produced worldwide between 1961 and 2009. Containing over 120000 annotated entries this collected information provides annotated citations for anyone engaged in research on William Shakespeare or Early Modern Britain.
 The Best Man is a 1960 play by American playwright Gore Vidal. The play premiered on Broadway in 1960 and was nominated for six Tony Awards including Best Play. Vidal adapted it into a film with the same title in 1964.Lee Tracy playing Art Hockstader repeated his performance in the 1964 film adaptation.
 Hag's Nook first published in 1933 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr and the first to feature his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 For Your Eyes Only is a collection of short stories by the British author Ian Fleming featuring the fictional British Secret Service agent Commander James Bond. It was first published by Jonathan Cape on 11 April 1960. It marked a change of format for Fleming who had previously written James Bond stories only as full-length novels.The collection contains five short stories: From a View to a Kill For Your Eyes Only Quantum of Solace Risico and The Hildebrand Rarity.
 The Brattleboro Reformer is the third-largest daily newspaper in the U.S. state of Vermont. With a weekday circulation of just over 10000 it is behind the Burlington Free Press and the Rutland Herald respectively.
 Abduction is a 2000 novel written by Robin Cook.
 The Abendzeitung (Evening Paper) sometimes abbreviated to AZ is a liberal morning tabloid newspaper from Munich Germany. A localized edition is published in Nuremberg. The paper is published six days a week; the masthead of the Saturday edition is held in light blue. Rivals on the Munich tabloid market are tz and a localized edition of the national mass circulation phenomenon Bild-Zeitung.Based on 2006 figures the AZ has an estimated weekday readership of 320 000.
 U and I: A True Story is a non-fiction book by Nicholson Baker that was published in 1991. The book is a study of how a reader engages with an author's work: partly an appreciation of John Updike and partly a kind of self-exploration. Rather than giving a traditional literary analysis Baker begins the book by stating that he will read no more Updike than he already has up to that point.
 The Islanders (Ostrovityane Островитя′не) is a novel by Nikolai Leskov first published in November–December 1866 issues of Otechestvennye Zapiski under the moniker M.Stebnitsky. In 1867 the novel came out as a separate edition in Saint Petersburg.
 The Handbook (formerly the Church Handbook of Instructions and earlier the General Handbook of Instructions) is a two-volume book of instructions and policies for leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The books are prepared by the First Presidency and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the church. Along with the church's standard works (i.e. its scriptural canon) the Handbook stands as the preeminent policy and practice guide for the leaders of the LDS Church.
 The Malcontenta is a 1995 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Barry Maitland.
 The Realm of Possibility is a 2004 young-adult book by David Levithan. Presented as a collection of interrelated monologues written in free verse it tells the individual stories of twenty teenagers struggling with high school angst and adolescent life.
 The Lost Princess: A Double Story first published in 1875 as The Wise Woman: A Parable is a fairy tale novel by George MacDonald.The story describes how a woman of mysterious powers pays visits to two very different young girls: one a princess the other a shepherd’s daughter. It has been regarded as ahead of its time in its approach to parenting.
 Inne pieśni (Other Songs) is a novel written in 2003 by Jacek Dukaj Polish science fiction writer and published in Poland by Wydawnictwo Literackie. The novel is a mixture of fantasy alternate history and science fiction. The novel received the prime Polish award for sci-fi literature Janusz A. Zajdel Award in 2003.
 The Fifth Column and Four Stories of the Spanish Civil War is a collection of works by Ernest Hemingway. It contains Hemingway's only full length play The Fifth Column which was previously published along with the First Forty-Nine Stories in 1938 along with four unpublished works about Hemingway's experiences during the Spanish Civil War.The four stories are about the Spanish Civil War: The Denunciation The Butterfly and the Tank Night Before Battle and Under The Ridge.
 Brandweek was a weekly American marketing trade publication.First published in 1986 as Adweek's Marketing Week the publication changed its name in 1992 after facing a legal threat from the UK's Marketing Week magazine. Brandweek coverd the world of marketing from big-budget ad campaigns to under-the-radar guerrilla efforts. The publication is part of the AdweekMedia Group of magazines owned by The Nielsen Company.
 Someday's Dreamers (Japanese: 魔法遣いに大切なこと Hepburn: Mahōtsukai ni Taisetsu na Koto lit. Things That Are Precious To a Mage) is a manga written by Norie Yamada and illustrated by Kumichi Yoshizuki. It was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comic Dragon magazine from May 2002 to January 2003 and was later collected in two bound volumes.
 Deep Waters is a collection of short stories by author William Hope Hodgson published in 1967 by Arkham House in an edition of 2556 copies the second of the author's books to be published by Arkham. The stories are primarily set in the Sargasso Sea.
 All Time Top 1000 Albums is a book by Colin Larkin creator and editor of the Encyclopedia of Popular Music. The book was first published by Guinness Publishing in 1994. The list presented is the result of over 200000 votes cast by informed music lovers and ranked in order. Each album is annotated with details of its creation and notes about the band or artist who recorded it. The Beatles' Sgt.
 1000° was a German electronic dance music magazine and web portal. It was first published in August 1995. With a circulation of about 26000 copies it quickly became the most influential techno club guide in Eastern Germany. Print editions appeared until 2001. It began online portal functions as Der Clubguide in 1996 lasting until 2005. The main contributors were André Quaas Udo Israel Mark Busse Mario Adolphson and Sabrina Walte.
 Biswasghatak is a 1974 Bengali novel by Narayan Sanyal based on the events related to the Atomic Bomb under the Manhattan Project.The Bengali term biswasghatak literally means 'traitor'. After the end of the Second World War a scientist Klaus Fuchs supplied confidential information to the USSR on his own efforts by averting the ever alert eyes of the USA Government. In the history of mankind this is supposed to be the biggest treason in terms of economic evaluation.
 African Markets Overview was a magazine that reported on the monthly performance of stock markets in the greater African region. It discontinued in August 2008.
 H.P. Lovecraft’s Cthulhu: The Whisperer in Darkness was a three-part comic book mini-series published by Millennium Publications that followed a group of investigators the Miskatonic Project as they confronted the Mi-go the cunning Fungi from Yuggoth.
 Tirana Times is a weekly newspaper published in English and is headquartered in Tirana Albania.
 Naked Came the Phoenix: A Serial Novel is a 2001 mystery novel written in serial installments by thirteen popular female authors including collaboration editor Marcia Talley. The title was intended to evoke 1969's famously-collaborative Naked Came the Stranger rather than the 1996 parody Naked Came the Manatee.
 Forty Signs of Rain (2004) is the first book in the hard science fiction Science in the Capital trilogy by Kim Stanley Robinson. (The following two novels are Fifty Degrees Below (2005) and Sixty Days and Counting (2007).) Robinson has been nicknamed the Master of Disaster for his description of natural disasters based partly on the contents of this book.
 Hellboy: Wake the Devil is a five-issue comic book mini-series in the Hellboy franchise conceived and illustrated by Mike Mignola and published by Dark Horse Comics. Various elements and section of plot were later used in the animated film Hellboy: Blood and Iron.[citation needed]
 Raptor Red is a 1995 American novel by paleontologist Robert T. Bakker. The book is a third-person account of dinosaurs during the Cretaceous Period told from the point of view of Raptor Red a female Utahraptor. Raptor Red features many of Bakker's theories regarding dinosaurs' social habits intelligence and the world in which they lived.The book follows a year in Raptor Red's life as she loses her mate finds her family and struggles to survive in a hostile environment.
 Komsomolskaya Pravda in Ukraine (Russian: Комсомольская правда в Украине; Ukrainian: Комсомольська правда в Україні) is a Ukrainian newspaper published daily in Kiev the nation's capital. It is a Russian language newspaper with some regional editions in the Ukrainian language.In March 2009 the paper was awarded a Newspaper of the Year 2008 award.
 The American Journal of Preventive Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in preventive medicine. It was established in 1985 and is the official journal of the American College of Preventive Medicine and the Association for Prevention Teaching and Research. The current editor-in-chief is Kevin Patrick (University of California San Diego).
 Senecan tragedy is a body of ten 1st century (A. D.) dramas of which eight were written by the Roman Stoic philosopher and politician L. Annaeus Seneca (Seneca the Younger). Rediscovered by Italian humanists in the mid-16th century they became the models for the revival of tragedy on the Renaissance stage. The two great but very different dramatic traditions of the age—French neoclassical tragedy and Elizabethan tragedy—both drew inspiration from Seneca.
 Nymphomation is a novel by British author Jeff Noon first published in 1997.In terms of publishing history Nymphomation is the 4th novel in Noon's 'Vurt' series following publication of Vurt (1993) Pollen (1995) and Automated Alice (1996) (itself simultaneously a 'trequel'[sic] to Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass) though being set predominantly in 1999 it can be considered properly as a prequel to Vurt: in terms of fictional chronology of characters and settings the Vurt sequence runs Automated Alice Nymphomation Vurt then finally Pollen.
 Hydrogeology Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published eight times a year by Springer Science+Business Media. It was established in 1992 and is the official journal of the International Association of Hydrogeologists. The journal publishes papers on both theoretical and applied aspects of hydrogeology.
 Getting Out is a play by Marsha Norman.
 Co-founded in 1857 by Saul Solomon the Cape Argus is a daily newspaper published by Independent News & Media in Cape Town South Africa.
 DC Countdown commonly referred to as Countdown to Infinite Crisis is a one-shot publication and the official start of the Infinite Crisis storyline. It was released 30 March 2005 sold out and quickly went to a second printing. When this comic was first published the cover showed Batman holding a shadowed corpse so as not to ruin the surprise of who dies. For the second printing the shadows were removed to reveal the identity of the corpse.
 B.P.R.D.: The Soul of Venice & Other Stories is the second trade paperback collection in the B.P.R.D. series.
 Gong is a German radio and (today primarily) television listings magazine owned and published by the German media conglomerate Funke Mediengruppe. The first edition of Gong appeared in October 1948.Since 1979 the magazine has awarded annual Goldener Gong prizes for outstanding achievement by actors directors writers presenters and producers in the German television world.
 The Climb republished as The Climb: Tragic Ambitions on Everest is an account by Russian mountaineer Anatoli Boukreev of the 1996 Everest Disaster during which eight climbers lost their lives on Mount Everest. The co-author G. Weston DeWalt — who was not part of the expedition — provides accounts from other climbers and ties together the narrative of Boukreev's logbook.
 Salvation Run is a seven-issue 2007-2008 DC Comics limited series which was designed to tie into the company's major event series Final Crisis in 2008.
 Worst (ワースト) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiroshi Takahashi. The plot revolves around a group of teenage boys who fight their way through the notorious high school Suzuran.The manga was first published by Shōnen Champion in 2002. The series is currently being serialized in Japan and has been collected into twenty-five tankōbon volumes. In North America Digital Manga Publishing has released only three volumes with the last graphic novel released in November 2004.
 Star Wars: Dawn of the Jedi is an American comic book series set in the Star Wars universe. The series published by Dark Horse Comics is written by John Ostrander and illustrated by Jan Duursema. It will be set in the earliest days of the Jedi Order beginning in 36453 BBY (Before the Battle of Yavin). A preview issue #0 was released on February 1 2012 and followed by the first issue on February 15 2012.
 The Journal of Organometallic Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It covers research on organometallic chemistry. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.384.
 Tornado Alley is a collection of short stories and one poem by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs written during the later years of his career and first published in 1989. The first edition of the book included illustrations by S. Clay Wilson.Notable pieces in the collection include the poem Thanksgiving Day Nov. 28 1986 and the crime melodrama Where He Was Going both of which are read by Burroughs on his album Dead City Radio.
 Yellow Tapers for Paris is a 1943 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Death with Interruptions published in Britain as Death at Intervals (Portuguese: As Intermitências da Morte) is a novel written by José Saramago. First released in 2005 in its original Portuguese the novel was subsequently translated by Margaret Jull Costa in 2008.
 The Origin of Evil is a novel that was published in 1951 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel set in Los Angeles USA.
 Les Liaisons dangereuses (French pronunciation: ​[le ljɛ.zɔ̃ dɑ̃.ʒə.ʁøz]; The Dangerous Liaisons) is a French epistolary novel by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos first published in four volumes by Durand Neveu from March 23 1782.It is the story of the Marquise de Merteuil and the Vicomte de Valmont two rivals (and ex-lovers) who use seduction as a weapon to humiliate and degrade others all the while enjoying their cruel games and boasting about their manipulative talents.
 The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom is a 2006 psychology book by Jonathan Haidt written for a general audience. In it Haidt poses several Great Ideas on happiness espoused by thinkers of the past - Plato Buddha Jesus and others - and examines them in the light of contemporary psychological research extracting from them any lessons that still apply to our modern lives. Central to the book are the concepts of virtue happiness fulfillment and meaning.
 Days of Infamy is a two-novel alternate history of the initial stages of the Pacific War by Harry Turtledove. The major difference is that the Empire of Japan not only attacks Pearl Harbor but follows it up with the landing and occupation of Hawaii.
 The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's novel written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by W. W. Denslow. Originally published by the George M.
 The Problem of Our Laws (Zur Frage der Gesetze) is a short parable by Franz Kafka was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin 1931). The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections (New York: Schocken Books 1946).
 Jin (仁-Jin- Jin) is a Japanese seinen manga written and illustrated by Motoka Murakami which was featured on Super Jump during its original run from 2000 to 2010.The manga series has been adapted into three live-action television drama series: two in Japan in 2009 and 2011; and in South Korea in 2012.
 Umr-e-Lahaasil Ka Haasil (Urdu: عمر لاحاصل کا حاصل ‎) is a collection of a poetry and prose book. It is authored by Haider Qureshi a Pakistani poet writer and journalist. The book comprises four published poetry books titled ' Sulgate Khwaab Umr-e-Guraizan Muhabbat Kei Phool Dua-e-Dil and fifth unpublished poetry book ' Dard Samunder.
 Diena (English: The Day) is a Latvian language national daily newspaper in Latvia published since 23 November 1990. Since privatisation in 1993 Diena was owned by Swedish media group Bonnier 2009 AS Diena together with its sister business daily Dienas Bizness was sold to investor group owned by Jonathan and David Rowland.
 Yo Vizag is a monthly English-language lifestyle magazine owned by Shilpanjani Dantu and published from the Indian city of Visakhapatnam. Although almost all of the articles published in the magazine focus on the people and the city of Visakhapatnam it is widely read outside the city as well. Started in 2008 Yo Vizag has officially tied up with the IPL franchise Deccan Chargers for IPL 2012.
 The Daring Twins: A Story for Young Folk is a mystery novel for juvenile readers written by L. Frank Baum author of the Oz books. It was first published in 1911 and was intended as the opening installment in a series of similar books.The story centers on a family of five orphaned children two of whom are twins. Phil Daring works in a bank; when he is unjustly suspected of thievery his twin sister Phoebe a spirited 16-year-old seizes the initiative in proving his innocence.
 Child of a Dream (original title: Il figlio del sogno) is the first part of Valerio Massimo Manfredi's Alexander trilogy released in 1998. It narrates the childhood of Alexander the Great son of king Philip II of Macedon and queen Olympias.
 The Inquirer and Mirror also called The I&M or The Inky is the weekly newspaper of record on the island of Nantucket Massachusetts. It has been in continuous publication since 1821. The Inquirer and Mirror founded in 1821 is the weekly newspaper of Nantucket MA.
 Tantrasamgraha (transliterated also as Tantrasangraha) is an important astronomical treatise written by Nilakantha Somayaji an astronomer/mathematician belonging to the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics. The treatise was completed in 1501 CE. It consists of 432 verses in Sanskrit divided into eight chapters.
 Complicity is a novel by Scottish author Iain Banks. It was published in 1993.
 The Siege of Numantia (Spanish: El cerco de Numancia) is a tragedy by Miguel de Cervantes set at the siege of Numantia. The play is divided into four acts (jornadas or days). The dialogue is sometimes in tercets and sometimes in redondillas but for the most part in octaves. The work was composed circa 1582 and was apparently very successful in the years before the advent of Lope de Vega as playwright. It remained unpublished until the eighteenth-century.
 334 is a science fiction novel by American author Thomas M. Disch written in 1972. It is a dystopian look at everyday life in New York City around the year 2025.
 Eric also known as Faust Eric is the ninth Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett. It was originally published in 1990 as a Discworld story in a larger format than the other novels and illustrated by Josh Kirby. It was later reissued as a normal paperback without any illustrations and in some cases with the title given on the cover and title pages simply as Eric. (The page headers however continued to alternate between Faust and Eric.)
 Cultural Research is a work of academic research edited by the Anglo-Afghan writer Tahir Shah.As the world shrinks in terms of accessibility cultures are impinging upon one another with increasing force. Much of the time the result is a breakdown of traditions and an upsurge of homogenized culture. In Cultural Research Tahir Shah brings together a series of papers some by himself others by a number of noted academics and writers on cultural and inter-cultural issues.
 A Madman's Diary (simplified Chinese: 狂人日记; traditional Chinese: 狂人日記; pinyin: Kuángrén Rìjì; Wade–Giles: K'uang-jen Jih-chi) was published in 1918 by Lu Xun one of the greatest writers in 20th-century Chinese literature. This short story is one of the first and most influential modern works written in vernacular Chinese and would become a cornerstone of the New Culture Movement. It is the first story in Call to Arms a collection of short stories by Lu Xun.
 Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles is a Canadian heavy metal magazine.Founded by former M.E.A.T. magazine staffer Metal Tim Henderson and author Martin Popoff in 1994 Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles (BW&BK) has become a globally respected metal publication.
 Machinal is a play written by American playwright and journalist Sophie Treadwell inspired by the real life case of convicted and executed murderer Ruth Snyder. Its 1928 Broadway première directed by Arthur Hopkins is considered one of the highpoints of Expressionist theatre on the American stage. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1928-1929.
 Bloody Jack fully titled Bloody Jack: Being An Account of the Curious Adventures of Mary “Jacky” Faber Ship’s Boy is a historical novel by L.A. Meyer. It is centered on an orphaned girl in London in the early 19th century. The story is continued in Curse of the Blue Tattoo Under the Jolly Roger In the Belly of the Bloodhound Mississippi Jack My Bonny Light Horseman Rapture of the Deep The Wake of the Lorelei Lee The Mark of the Golden Dragon Viva Jacquelina! and Boston Jacky.
 Bandera Roja ('Red Flag') was a newspaper published from Tupiza Bolivia. The newspaper appeared in 1947. The publication of the newspaper was irregular. Augusto Arroyo Z. was the director of Bandera Roja. It was printed at Imprenta La Popular.
 El Anunciador was a Spanish language newspaper that was published in the then Crown colony (now British overseas territory) of Gibraltar between 1885 and 1940. It was the most read newspaper in Gibraltar and in the Campo de Gibraltar.
 Pathos is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Mika Sadahiro. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume on July 22 2008 and the second on September 23 2008.
 Shihan (Arabic: شيحان‎) is a Jordanian weekly newspaper published in Arabic. The word Shihan is also the name for a mountain located in the southern part of Jordan close to the city of Al-Karak.In early 2006 the paper published the caricatures of Muhammad originally published by the Jyllands-Posten. The reaction of the Jordanian street to this controversial move resulted in the firing the newspaper's editor Jihad Al Momeny.
 Switched is the first book of the young adult paranormal literature series the Trylle Trilogy. It follows the story of Wendy Everly as she meets Finn Holmes who informs her of her inherited royal status and true identity as a member of the Trylle.
 Animation magazine is a monthly publication covering the animation industry including reviews about film and television animation visual effects and video games.Founded in 1986 by Terry Thoren the print magazine is published every month in the United States and features articles on current animated movies and short animated films animated television series visual effects from big productions interactive design of titles and software releases from different studios inside and out of USA and independent producers. 
 The Straits Times is an English-language daily broadsheet newspaper based in Singapore currently owned by Singapore Press Holdings (SPH). It is the country's highest-selling paper with a current Sunday Times circulation of nearly 365800.Originally established on 15 July 1845 as the The Straits times and Singapore journal of commerce in the early days of British colonial rule and may be considered the successor to various other newspapers during the time such as the Singapore Chronicle.
 24 Chasa (Bulgarian: 24 часа translated as 24 Hours) is one of the newspapers published in Bulgaria.
 Rinkitink in Oz: Wherein is Recorded the Perilous Quest of Prince Inga of Pingaree and King Rinkitink in the Magical Isles that Lie Beyond the Borderland of Oz. is the tenth book in the Land of Oz series written by L. Frank Baum. Published on June 20 1916 with full-color and black-and-white illustrations by artist John R.
 Uno's Garden is a picture book written and illustrated by Australian children's author Graeme Base. The story features themes of environmental degradation conservation of nature and habitat and extinction. It also features arithmetic and at the back of the book there are instructions for several number games relating to the book. It also contains a game in the book where you have to find an amount of plants animals buildings and sometimes one snortelpig.
 The Walls of Delhi is a novel written by Indian writer Uday Prakash. It was translated into English by Jason Grunebaum. Novel tells three stinging and comic tales of living and surviving in today’s urban globalised India. Author portrays the realities about caste and class and there is a charming and compelling authenticity in his stories. The Walls of Delhi was shortlisted for the DSC Prize for South Asian Literature (2013) and was a 2013 Jan Michalski Prize for Literature finalist.
 Tottering-by-Gently is a cartoon strip that features weekly in Country Life magazine. It was first created by artist Annie Tempest in 1993. The story is set in Tottering-by-Gently a village in the fictional county of North Pimmshire in which ‘the big house’ Tottering Hall is inhabited by Lord and Lady Tottering affectionately known as Daffy and Dicky.
 Xenon (重機甲兵ゼノン Jūki Kōhē Zenon lit. Heavy Metal Warrior Xenon) (aka. Bio Diver Xenon) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Masaomi Kanzaki. The manga was published in 1986 by Shogakukan and 2000 by Kodansha. It was serialised in seinen magazine Monthly Comic Ryū. The manga was licensed by Eclipse Comics in 1987 and by Viz Communications in 1992.
 The Lowland is the second novel by Jhumpa Lahiri published by Alfred A. Knopf and Random House in 2013. The novel is about two brothers who come of age in the 1950s and 60s in the city of Calcutta. When one of the brothers becomes involved in the Naxalite movement in the late 1960s their paths diverge and one of them goes to the United States and the other one stays behind to take part in the movement.
 The Dominica Story: A History of the Island is a history book from 1975 written by famed Dominican historian Lennox Honychurch. Originally presented as a miniseries for Radio Dominica (now DBS Radio) in 1974 the inaugural edition covered every aspect of local history from prehistory up to the then-present (the island's 1967 Associated Statehood).The book's first edition of 18 chapters was an immediate bestseller upon its release. A revised version with 21 chapters was printed in 1984.
 Duklyon: Clamp School Defenders (学園特警デュカリオン Gakuen Tokkei Dyukarion) is a manga created by Clamp a Japanese artistic group of four women.The story features two teenagers on Clamp Campus Kentarou Higashikunimaru and Takeshi Shukaido who are called upon occasion to become monster-battling superheroes while wearing armored outfits in this comic parody of typical superhero action based manga for boys.
 Saturday Night was a Canadian general interest magazine. It was founded in Toronto Ontario in 1887.The publication was first established as a weekly broadsheet newspaper about public affairs and the arts which was later expanded into a general interest magazine. The editor Edmund E. Sheppard was prevented from editing a daily newspaper due to an earlier libel action. Additionally Blue laws in Toronto prevented publication on Sunday.
 High Score!: The Illustrated History of Electronic Games is a book published in April 2002 by McGraw-Hill Osborne Media. It was written by Rusel DeMaria and Johnny Lee Wilson. The book also has a second edition published in December 2003 which features a brief history on Japanese and English video game companies.
 The Last Decathlon is a novel about the Soviet Union by John Redgate that takes place in the 1980s. It was published in May 1980 by Dell. The book tells the story about the conditions that would eventually lead to the dissolution of the Soviet Union. There is espionage along with some adventure and sports scenes.
 Ol’ Man Adam an’ His Chillun is a collection of folk tales written by Roark Bradford and published in the United Kingdom and the United States in 1928. The book was later adapted for a play and film by Marc Connelly.
 La Revue du vin de France is a French magazine on wine published monthly.
 Breathers: A Zombie’s Lament (Broadway Books) is a romantic zombie comedy novel by first-time author S. G. Browne published in 2009. The story is told from the point of view of Andy Warner a newly revived zombie who lives in his parents' basement attends Undead Anonymous meetings and is in love with another zombie Rita who killed herself by slashing her own throat.
 The Secret of Sinharat is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett set on the planet Mars whose protagonist is Eric John Stark.
 The Journal of Chemometrics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1987 by John Wiley & Sons. It publishes original scientific papers reviews and short communications on fundamental and applied aspects of chemometrics. The current editor-in-chief is Paul J. Gemperline (East Carolina University).
 Raylan is a 2012 novel by Elmore Leonard the author's final work before he died in 2013. The novel is based on the FX television series Justified which was in turn based on Leonard's short story Fire in the Hole and the character of Raylan Givens who appeared in that short story as well as the novels Pronto and Riding the Rap. Raylan is not a direct sequel to any of these novels nor is it a direct sequel to the television series.
 An Essay on Marxian Economics is a 1942 book about Karl Marx by Joan Robinson. The first work by a major British economist to show interest in Marx since the 19th century it has received both praise and criticism from commentators.
 The World's Desire is a classic fantasy novel first published in 1890 and written by H. Rider Haggard and Andrew Lang. Its importance was recognised in its later revival in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fortieth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in January 1972.The World's Desire is the story of the hero Odysseus mainly referred to as the Wanderer for the bulk of the novel. Odysseus returns home to Ithaca after his second unsung journey.
 The Intelligencer and Wheeling News Register are combined daily newspapers under common ownership in Wheeling West Virginia owned by Ogden Newspapers. The Intelligencer is published weekday mornings and Saturdays while the News-Register is published weekday afternoons and Sundays.
 Children Youth and Environments is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research articles in-depth analyses cutting-edge field reports and critical book reviews on research policy and practice concerning inclusive and sustainable environments for children and youth worldwide. From 1984 through 1995 it was produced in print through the Children Environments Research Group at the City University of New York with Roger Hart as editor.
 Shonan Junai Gumi (湘南純愛組! Shōnan Jun'ai Gumi lit. The Pure Love Gang from Shōnan) is a manga by Tohru Fujisawa which was published from March 1990 to December 1996 and initially released in 31 volumes. It has subsequently been released in a deluxe edition of 15 volumes from May to December 2000 and the pocket-size print run which began in May 2005 is currently at the 10th volume. Five 50 minute anime OVAs were released on VHS in the early 1990s.
 Buck Ryan was a UK newspaper adventure comic strip created by Jack Monk and the writer Don Freeman.Monk and Freeman were doing an adaptation of Edgar Wallace's Terror Keep for the Daily Mirror. When it was dropped shortly due to a rights problem Monk and Freeman decided to fashion their own strip and Buck Ryan was born. It ran in the Daily Mirror from March 22 1937 to July 1962.
 The Adventures of Lucky Pierre: Director's Cut is a novel by Robert Coover published in 2002. The title is the same as a 1961 nudie cutie film and like the film the novel is divided into multiple vignettes starring the title character Pierre.The subtitle is an allusion to the now widespread practice of releasing director's cuts in addition to final cuts.
 The Magic of Oz: A Faithful Record of the Remarkable Adventures of Dorothy and Trot and the Wizard of Oz Together with the Cowardly Lion the Hungry Tiger and Cap'n Bill in Their Successful Search for a Magical and Beautiful Birthday Present for Princess Ozma of Oz is the thirteenth Land of Oz book written by L. Frank Baum.
 Anmitsu Hime (あんみつ姫) is a manga series by Shosuke Kurakane.The story was originally produced in 1949-1955.In 1986-1987 Izumi Takemoto retold the original manga series releasing it under the same title.
 Hawthorne is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1879. The book was an insightful study of James' great predecessor Nathaniel Hawthorne. James gave extended consideration to each of Hawthorne's novels and a selection of his short stories. He also reviewed Hawthorne's life and some of his nonfiction. The book became somewhat controversial for a famous section where James enumerated the items of novelistic interest he thought were absent from American life.
 Drowned Ammet is a fantasy novel for young adults by British author Diana Wynne Jones. It is the second book in the series Dalemark Quartet.
 The British Journal of Politics and International Relationsis a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Political Studies Association. The journal was established in 1999. As of June 2013 its editor-in-chief is Andrew Baker. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.506 ranking it 41st out of 82 journals in the category International Relations and 71st out of 157 journals in the category Political Science.
 Taken is a crime novel by the American writer Kathleen George set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of a baby taken in broad daylight downtown Pittsburgh. Protagonist Marina Benedict gets involved and detective Richard Christie takes on the task of finding the missing child of a rookie pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
 The Richmond Times-Dispatch (RTD or TD for short) is the primary daily newspaper in Richmond the capital of Virginia United States. It utilizes reports from the Associated Press.
 This article is about the comic by Slave Labor Graphics. For the 1995 series by Marvel Comics see Gargoyles (TV series)#Marvel.Gargoyles is a comic book series by Slave Labor Graphics and Creature Comics based on the 1990s animated television series Gargoyles.
 The Pinochet File is a National Security Archive book written by Peter Kornbluh covering over approximately two decades of declassified documents from the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) White House and United States Department of State regarding American covert activities in Chile.
 Whole Living was a health and lifestyle magazine geared towards natural health personal growth and well-being a concept the publishers refer to as whole living. The magazine became a part of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia in August 2004.The magazine was originally launched as the New Age Journal in 1974. The magazine was first rebranded as Body+Soul beginning with an edition in early 2002.
 Corduroy Mansions is the first online novel by Alexander McCall Smith author of the The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series. In the first series the author wrote a chapter a day starting on 15 Sep 2008 the series running for 20 weeks and totalling 100 episodes. The daily chapters read by Andrew Sachs were also available as an audio download.The second and third series were published online running from Monday 21 September 2009 and Monday 13 September 2010 respectively.
 Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology is a peer-reviewed academic journal of endocrinology established in 1974. The journal is published by Elsevier and edited by I.T. Huhtaniemi W.E. Rainey and R.J. Rodgers.
 Beauchamp's Career (1875) is a novel by George Meredith which portrays life and love in upper-class Radical circles and satirises the Conservative establishment. Meredith himself was inclined to think it his best novel and the character Renée de Croisnel was his favourite of his creations. The Penguin Companion to Literature calls it One of the finest political novels in English.
 A Darvand is a child of an angel and a human usually a male angel and a woman. Darvand creatures appear in Anne Eliza Smith's novel Seola published in 1878. Devas (or angels) and Darvands are defined early on in the novel on page 15 and again later on page 64.
 Raja Yoga is a book by Swami Vivekananda about the path of Raja Yoga. The book was published in July 1896. It is one of the most well-known books by Vivekananda who also wrote books on Karma Yoga Bhakti Yoga and Jnana Yoga.
 The Blood-Stained God is a 1955 fantasy novella written by Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was revised by de Camp from Howard's original story a then-unpublished non-fantasy Oriental tale that featured Kirby O'Donnell titled The Curse of the Crimson God (vt Trail of the Blood-Stained God).
 Palace of Desire (Arabic title: قصر الشوق) is a novel by Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz and the second installment of Mahfouz's Cairo Trilogy. It was originally published in Arabic in 1957 with the title Qasr el-Shōq.
 The Collegian is the official student newspaper at the University of Tulsa. It is a weekly issue in broadsheet format.The Collegian is an independently operated edited and written by the students apart from the administration which has occasionally led to conflict with the administration when it is critical of or has contrary views to administration policy.
 Taraf (Side in Turkish) is a liberal newspaper in Turkey. It has distinguished itself by opposing interference by the Turkish military in the country's social and political affairs. It is distributed nationwide and has been in circulation since November 15 2007.
 Proven Guilty is the 8th book in The Dresden Files Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. Proven Guilty had a release date of May 2 2006.Harry Dresden has spent years being watched and suspected by the White Council's Wardens. But now he is a Warden and it's a worse role than he thought... So when movie monsters start coming to life on his watch it's officially up to him to put them back where they came from.
 Upara (a Marathi language word meaning outsider) is an autobiography written by Laxman Mane a writer who lives in the state of Maharashtra India. It is written in the Marathi language. It was first published in 1980. It has been translated into English by A. K. Kamat and titled Upara - An Outsider. Arjuna Dangale sees it as a remarkable example of a Dalit autobiography. It finds mention in Encyclopaedia of Indian Literature under the genre Autobiography (Marathi).
 The State Press is the independent student-operated newspaper of Arizona State University. It published a free newspaper every weekday until January 2013 at which point its print distribution was reduced to once per week. The editorial board announced that ASU Student Media will begin to focus on a host of new digital products and special print products.
 Every You Every Me is a 2011 novel by the American author David Levithan. The book consists of photographs by Jonathan Farmer and corresponding text by Levithan.
 The Shadow of Saganami is a science fiction novel by American writer David Weber published in 2004. Set in the Honorverse it has been billed as the first in the Saganami Island series spun off from the main Honor Harrington series. The book debuted at #16 on the New York Times hardcover fiction best seller list.It features Honor herself only in a cameo role: other characters from the novels and several short stories take centre stage.
 The Myth of Matriarchal Prehistory: Why An Invented Past Will Not Give Women a Future is a book by Cynthia Eller that seeks to deconstruct the theory of a prehistoric matriarchy. This hypothesis she says developed in 19th century scholarship and was taken up by 1970s second wave feminism following Marija Gimbutas.
 Seducing Ingrid Bergman is a 2012 novel by Chris Greenhalgh. It dramatises the real-life affair between the actress Ingrid Bergman and the war photographer Robert Capa.
 Teddy is a short story by J. D. Salinger completed on November 22 1952 and originally published in the January 31 1953issue of The New Yorker.
 Journal of Vision is an open access online scientific journal specializing in the neuroscience and psychology of the visual system. It publishes primary research from any discipline within the visual sciences. Submissions go through pre-publication peer review and are indexed in PubMed.
 The Journal of Vacation Marketing is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Marketing. The journal's editor is J. S. Perry Hobson (Southern Cross University). It has been in publication since 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 :07 Seconds or Less: My Season on the Bench with the Runnin' and Gunnin' Phoenix Suns is a book written by Jack McCallum about the Phoenix Suns' 2005–06 NBA season. It gives an inside look about the NBA team and its players including Steve Nash and Shawn Marion as well as the head coach Mike D'Antoni and his assistants.The author of the book Jack McCallum joined Sports Illustrated in 1981 and became the chief NBA writer in 1985.
 Forbidden Creatures: Inside the World of Animal Smuggling and Exotic Pets is a 2010 book by Doctor of Philosophy Peter Laufer. It is the second book in his untitled animal trilogy following The Dangerous World of Butterflies in 2009 and preceding No Animals Were Harmed in 2011. The book explores the lives of those that either own exotic animals or have been captured for illegally smuggling them with a strong focus on Travis the chimpanzee who attacked Charla Nash in 2009.
 Sprout is a young adult gay novel by American author Dale Peck first published in May 2009. The novel depicts an openly gay teenage boy who moves to Kansas after his mother dies from cancer. While he struggles with harassment at school and two potential boyfriends he has to decide if he will hide his sexual orientation in order to win a statewide essay-writing contest.
 The Adaptive Ultimate is a science fiction short story about an experimental medical treatment gone awry. It was written by Stanley G. Weinbaum and first published in the November 1935 issue of Astounding magazine under the pen name John Jessel. It was collected in various editions of A Martian Odyssey as well as the 1979 The Best Of Stanley G.
 Night and the City is the third novel by British author Gerald Kersh published in 1938. It is a crime thriller set in 1930s London but also deals with social realism themes in the aftermath of the Great Depression.
 The Color of My Words is an award winning young adult fiction book by American author Lynn Joseph. It was published in 2000 by Harper-Collins.The book has also been translated into Korean as 그리그리나무위에는초록바다가있다 / Gŭri gŭri namu wi enŭn chʻorok pada ka itta and Spanish as El color de mis palabras. It received the Americas Book Award for Children's and Young Adult Literature.This book was also published in 2001.The book is set in the Dominican Republic.
 The Hamilton Case is a 2003 novel by Australian author Michelle de Kretser. The book won the Commonwealth Writers Prize (SE Asia & Pacific) and the Encore Award (UK). The work centres around the lives of the somewhat eccentric Obeysekere family in particular Sam and the 1930s setting explores themes of colonization in Ceylon now called Sri Lanka. Michelle de Kretser is originally from Sri Lanka.
 An Unkindness of Ravens is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell. It was first published in 1985 and features her popular protagonist Inspector Wexford and is the 13th entry in the series.
 Arabia Through the Looking Glass is Jonathan Raban's first travel book published in 1979 describing his travels in the Middle East the Arab countries he visits and the people he meets along the way.
 The Goblin Chronicles is a three-issue comic book mini-series created and written by Troy Dye and Tom Kelesides penciled by Collin Fogel colored by Will Terrell and lettered by David Hedgecock.The Goblin Chronicles is a high-fantasy adventure story written for an “all ages” audience.Published by Ape Entertainment the first issue debuted in comic shops across North America on March 19 2008.The Goblin Chronicles is Ape Entertainment's first all-ages comic book published in the fantasy genre.
 Sour Sweet is a novel by Timothy Mo first published in 1982. Written as a 'sour sweet' comedy the story follows the tribulations of a Hong Kong Chinese immigrant and his initially reluctant wife as they attempt to make a home for themselves in 1960s London. It was awarded the Hawthornden Prize for 1982.
 Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea is a young adult Gothic / horror novel written by April Genevieve Tucholke and published on August 15 2013 by Dial Books for Young Readers an imprint of Penguin Books.
 News from the Republic of Letters is the third magazine collaboration between Saul Bellow and Keith Botsford following Noble Savage and ANON. The journal originally based in Boston and now operated from the editor's home in Costa Rica publishes new and newly discovered writings from American and international writers. The magazine appears twice a year at widely varying intervals; subscribers purchase one issue at a time or a subscription for four issues.
 Deathstalker War is a science fiction novel by British author Simon R Green.The fourth in a series of nine novels Deathstalker War is part homage to - and part parody of - the classic space operas of the 1950s and deals with the timeless themes of honour love courage and betrayal.
 The Evening Tribune is an American daily newspaper published weekday afternoons and on Sundays (as The Spectator) in Hornell New York. In addition to the city of Hornell the Tribune and Spectator circulate in several villages and towns of eastern Allegany County and western Steuben County including Alfred Almond Andover Angelica Arkport Canaseraga and Canisteo.In 1987 the paper was acquired by Hollinger.
 Runs n' Ruins is a book written by Sunil Gavaskar chronicling the events that took place during the 1983 cricket season. It was published by Rupa & Co.
 Business Spectator is an Australian business news website led by Alan Kohler as Chairman and Editor in Chief. It is published by Australian Independent Business Media which is owned by News Corp Australia.
 The play Henceforward... is the first comedy in which Alan Ayckbourn includes elements of science fiction. It concerns Jerome a composer who develops a plan to persuade his estranged wife Corinna that his home life is sufficiently stable for her to allow their daughter to stay with him. The plan involves both an actress and a gynoid (the female equivalent of an android).Henceforward... was Ayckbourn's thirty-fourth full-length play.
 Kamala luonto (Finnish for The horrible nature) is a Finnish comic strip written and drawn by Jarkko Vehniäinen. The strip started in 2002 when Vehniäinen submitted it to the Nordic comic strip contest in Kemi where it made the finals but did not win.
 The Australian Journal of Physics (AJP) was a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation in Australia. It was a journal for the publication of reviews covering all branches of physics. The journal surveyed the development of selected topics within the wider context of physics.The AJP published its last issue in April 2001 and is no longer receiving papers.
 Waru (悪女) is a Japanese Josei manga Written and illustrated by Jun Fukami.The manga was published in Kodansha's semimonthly manga magazine Be・Love from 1988 to 1997. In 1991 manga has win 15th Kodansha Manga Award in general category. Manga was collected in thirty-seven tankōbon volumes. The first volume was released on July 13 1989 and last on July 11 1997.In 1992 manga was adapted into television drama.
 The Family: The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power is a 2008 book by American journalist Jeff Sharlet. The book investigates the political power of The Family or The Fellowship a secretive fundamentalist Christian association led by Douglas Coe.
 Scum of the Earth is a memoir by Arthur Koestler in which he describes his life in France during 1939-1940 the chaos that prevailed in France just prior to the outbreak of the Second World War and France’s collapse his tribulations internment in a concentration camp and eventual escape to England via North Africa and Portugal.
 The Scheme for Full Employment is a novel by the English author Magnus Mills published in 2003 by Flamingo.
 Historie (Japanese: ヒストリエ Hepburn: Hisutorie) is a historical manga by Hitoshi Iwaaki that tells the life story of Eumenes a secretary and general to Alexander the Great. It is serialized by Kodansha in Afternoon and collected in 8 tankōbon volumes as of August 2013.
 The Portland Tribune is a free newspaper published twice weekly each Tuesday and Thursday in Portland Oregon United States.The Tribune is part of the Pamplin Media Group which publishes a number of community newspapers in the Portland metropolitan area and also owns and operates the talk radio station KPAM and several other radio stations throughout the Pacific Northwest.
 Kodomo no Omocha (Japanese: こどものおもちゃ lit. Child's Toy) shortened to Kodocha is a manga series by Miho Obana helped periodically by her sister Kaori Obana. The manga won the 1998 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo. In the year 2007 At the American Anime Awards the anime was nominated for best comedy anime. The series was adapted as an OVA and later as an anime television series.In 2002 the manga was published in North America in English by Tokyopop as Kodocha: Sana's Stage.
 Violets Are Blue is the seventh novel by James Patterson to feature the Washington D.C. homicide detective and forensic psychiatrist Alex Cross.
 Private Eye is a fortnightly British satirical and current affairs magazine edited by Ian Hislop.Since its first publication in 1961 Private Eye has been a prominent critic and lampooner of public figures and entities that it deemed guilty of any of the sins of incompetence inefficiency corruption pomposity or self-importance and it has become a self-styled thorn in the side of the British establishment.As of 2013 it is Britain's best-selling current affairs magazine and such is its long-term popularity and impact that many recurring in-jokes from Private Eye have entered popular culture.
 This Misery of Boots is an oft reprinted 1907 political tract by H. G. Wells advocating socialism. Published by the Fabian Society This Misery of Boots is the expansion of a 1905 essay with the same name. Its five chapters condemn private property in land and means of production and call for their expropriation by the state not for profit but for service.
 Shinobi Life (シノビライフ Shinobi Raifu) is a Japanese shōjo romance manga written and illustrated by Shoko Konami. It has been serialized in Princess from October 6 2006 through April 2012. The individual chapters were collected and published in thirteen tankōbon volumes by Akita ShotenThe manga is licensed for an English language release by Tokyopop which published the first volume on November 11 2008. The manga is licensed in Taiwan by Sharp Point Press.
 Homes & Gardens is a monthly interior design and garden design magazine published by IPC Media. It has been edited by Deborah Barker since 2009.
 Beasts is a novella by Joyce Carol Oates and was originally published in 2001.
 Conan the Renegade is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in April 1986. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books in August 1988.
 The South Australian Ornithologist is the scientific journal of the South Australian Ornithological Association (also known as Birds SA). The journal was first published in 1914 and is usually issued twice a year to members of the association.
 Flight from the Dark is the first installment in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 Arethusa is an academic journal established in 1967. It covers the field of Classics using an interdisciplinary approach incorporating contemporary theoretical perspectives and more traditional approaches to literary and material evidence. It frequently features issues focused on a theme related the classical world. The current Editor in chief of the journal is Martha Malamud (SUNY Buffalo).
 The Church of Scientology is a book written by J. Gordon Melton on the Church of Scientology. It is the first of a series of books on new religious movements published by the Center for Studies on New Religions.
 Myths of the Near Future is a short-story collection by J. G.
 First published in 1936 Sir Percy Leads the Band is (chronologically) the second of the Scarlet Pimpernel series by Baroness Orczy.The novel is set in January and February 1793 and follows on from the original Scarlet Pimpernel book.de:The Scarlet Pimpernelfr:Le Mouron rouge
 The Suspicion is the 24th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Cassie.
 Greetings From E Street: The Story of Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band is a book written by Robert Santelli published in 2006. It chronicles the large career of the E Street Band as well as details about their solo projects.
 The Scrambled States of America is a children's book by author and illustrator Laurie Keller.
 First Girl (ファースト・ガール) is a josei romance manga series written and illustrated by Chiho Saito. It was serialized by Shogakukan in Petit Comic in 2002 and 2003 and collected in five bound volumes under the Flower Comics imprint. It is licensed in Italian by Star Comics which serialized it in the magazine Kappa Extra.
 The Underdogs (Spanish: Los de abajo) is a novel of the Mexican Revolution by Mariano Azuela. It was originally published in serial form in the newspaper El Paso del Norte in 1915.
 Traces is a collection of short stories written by British sci-fi author Stephen Baxter.
 Strange News from Another Star is a collection of eight short stories written by the German author Hermann Hesse between 1913 and 1918. It was first published as Märchen in German in 1919 and was translated to English by Denver Lindley in 1972. The first English publication was in 1972.
 Hosa Digantha (Kannada:ಹೊಸ ದಿಗಂತ) is a Kannada morning daily in Karnataka. Hosa Digantha has the literal meaning of New Horizon. With its tag line Rāshtra Jāgrutiya Dainika (Kannada:ರಾಷ್ಚ್ರ ಜಾಗೃತಿಯ ದೈನಿಕ) meaning Daily for national awareness Hosa Digantha is a newspaper with nationalist ideology.Started in the year 1979 from Mangaluru now has Mangaluru Bengaluru Shivamogga and Hubli Editions. The Hubli edition was launched on March 27 2011 by the Chief Minister of Karnataka Mr.
 The Last Opium Den is an investigative journalism/travel book by Nick Tosches. It was originally an article in Vanity Fair where Tosches is a contributing editor. Tosches travels the world (in particular Southeast Asia) seeking the titular establishment. He also spends time discussing the heroin/opium trade the history of opium dens wine tasting and the historical use of opium to treat symptoms of diabetes (Tosches is a diabetic).
 7x7 is a city-living-focused fashion lifestyle food culture opinion and entertainment digital print mobile social commerce and events activation platform covering the San Francisco Bay Area.
 The Gazette is a newspaper based in Galax Virginia. The newspaper is owned by Landmark Community Newspapers.
 This book should not be confused with Edmund Crispin's novel The Moving Toyshop.The Magic Toyshop (1967) is a British novel by Angela Carter. It follows the development of the heroine Melanie as she becomes aware of herself her environment and her own sexuality.
 Mad Dogs is the eighth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. In this novel CHERUB agents infiltrate a violent street gang.
 An Account of Corsica is the earliest piece of writing related to the Grand Tour literature that was written by the Scottish author James Boswell. Its first and second editions were published in 1768 with a third edition within twelve months.
 Journal of Abnormal Child Psychology is the official publication of the International Society for Research in Child and Adolescent Psychopathology (ISRCAP).This scientific journal publishes 8 issues per year focusing on research in psychopathology in childhood and adolescence.Current Editor:John E. Lochman University of Alabama Tuscaloosa AL Founding Editor:Herbert C. Quay University of Miami Coral Gables FL
 The Enchained Spiritual Beast Ga-Rei (喰霊 Ga-rei) also simply known as Ga-Rei or Ga-rei is a supernatural action manga by Hajime Segawa (瀬川 はじめ Segawa Hajime). It has been serialized by Kadokawa Shoten in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Ace and collected in twelve tankōbon volumes. A prequel anime series Ga-Rei: Zero aired from October 5 2008 to December 21 2008 which details the backstory of key characters Kagura and Yomi.
 The Last Open Road is a novel written by B.S. Levy a long time amateur racer. It tells the story of a young mechanic from Passaic New Jersey who becomes involved in automobile road racing during its peak in the 1950s. The book follows Buddy Palumbo the main character as he has to balance family life with working on cars. Buddy works mostly at a small gas station in his home town of Passaic but also worked briefly at a foreign car shop in New York City.
 Journeys to The Under-World (Chinese: 地獄遊記 pinyin: Dìyù Yóujì lit. Hell Story) also called Voyages to Hell is a Chinese novel describing what Yangsheng (楊生) a planchette handler saw and heard when he followed his master Ji Gong (濟公 Jì Gōng) to Hell on the instructions of the Jade Emperor. The story is about the consequences resulting from actions during the life of a person.
 The Whig was a polemical American newspaper published and edited by William G. Parson Brownlow (1805–1877) in the mid-nineteenth century. As its name implies the paper's primary purpose was the promotion and defense of Whig Party political figures and ideals. In the years leading up to the Civil War the Whig became the mouthpiece for East Tennessee's anti-secessionist movement.
 Now Wait for Last Year is a 1966 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. The novel describes a future where the planet Earth has allied with an extraterrestrial species known as 'Starmen in their war against another species the reegs.
 By His Bootstraps is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein that plays with some of the inherent paradoxes that would be caused by time travel.The story was originally published in the October 1941 issue of Astounding Science Fiction under the pen name Anson MacDonald. It was reprinted in Heinlein's 1959 collection The Menace From Earth and in several subsequent anthologies and is now available in at least two audio editions.
 Breaking Point in a 2002 young adult novel by Alex Flinn. It was an 'Quick Pick for Reluctant Young Adult Readers' in 2003.Bulletin for the Center for Children's Books said that the book was a dark drama of self-destruction that should make for grimly satisfying reading while Voice of Youth Advocates called its characters brilliantly twisted.
 In the Hand of Dante is the third novel by Nick Tosches.
 Rathinirvedam is a Malayalam language short novel written by P. Padmarajan and published in 1970. The story revolves around a teenager who falls in love with a woman older than he is. The title translates as venereal disenchantment in English.
 The Emperor of Absurdia is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Chris Riddell published in 2006. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Silver Award and was shortlisted for the Kate Greenaway Medal.
 LaFlora the Princess academy (Thai: ลา ฟลอร่า โรงเรียนป่วนก๊วนเจ้าหญิง) are a Thai Comics series. The comics have nine sets of this. e.g. LaFlora LaFlora: the best of my country LaFlora Board game LaFlora: Honey Rally LaFlora: Club Festa LaFlora Animation LaFlora Novel and Comictionary LaFlora: Rosary Please.
 ST Format was a computer magazine in the UK covering the Atari ST during the late 1980s and early 1990s. Like other members of the Future plc Format stable - PC Format and Amiga Format for instance it combined software and hardware reviews with columnists letters pages and a cover disk.The magazine was launched in 1989 [1] when its predecessor the short-lived ST/Amiga Format was split into two separate publications.
 The Indian Journal of Asian Affairs is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers current and contemporary Asian affairs including foreign policy defense security peace conflict and development. Devoted to an objective analysis of important contemporary and current Asian affairs it covers theoretical empirical historical and policy issues from a wide range of perspectives and critical appraisals within a multidisciplinary framework.
 Backstage (aka Back Stage) is an entertainment-industry brand aimed at people working in film and the performing arts with a special focus on casting job opportunities and career advice.Backstage publishes a full-color glossy magazine in the U.S.
 The Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis is a scientific journal that is devoted to research in mechanics as a deductive mathematical science. The current editors in chief of the journal are John M. Ball and Richard D. James.
 Hilarity Ensues (2012) is the third New York Times best selling book by Tucker Max. It chronicles his stories of drunken debauchery and ridiculous antics and debuted at #2 on the New York Times Bestseller List. Hilarity Ensues is the third installment of his fratire trilogy preceded by I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell and Assholes Finish First.
 Hyōka (氷菓 frozen dessert or ice cream) is a Japanese mystery novel by Honobu Yonezawa. It is the first volume of the Classic Literature Club (古典部 Koten-bu) series. Four additional volumes have been published between 2002 and 2010. A manga adaptation drawn by Task Ohna began serialization in the March 2012 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Shōnen Ace. A 22-episode anime adaptation produced by Kyoto Animation and directed by Yasuhiro Takemoto aired from April 22 to September 16 2012.
 Daddy's Home is a daily comic strip which premiered in American newspapers on March 10 2008 and is syndicated by Creators Syndicate. The strip can currently be seen in large market newspapers such as the Orange County Register and The Washington Post (as part of a try-out period during a Doonesbury hiatus) and is slowly being rolled out across the country as part of yearly newspaper comics surveys to replace older titles.
 1st Issue Special was a short-lived anthology series from DC Comics done in similar style to their Showcase series. It ran from 1975-76.
 The Journal of Hellenic Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in Hellenic studies. It also publishes reviews of recent books of importance to Hellenic studies. It was established in 1880 and is published annually by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies. The editor-in-chief is Roger Brock (University of Leeds).
 The Bourne Sanction is the title for the novel by Eric Van Lustbader and the sixth novel in the Jason Bourne series created by Robert Ludlum. It was released on July 29 2008. It is Lustbader's third Bourne novel following The Bourne Betrayal that was published in 2007.
 Exotica: Fabricated Soundscapes in a Real World published in 1999 is English musician and author David Toop's book on the musical genre Exotica.
 Greenleaf is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was written in 1956 and published in 1965 in her short story collection Everything That Rises Must Converge. O'Connor finished the collection during her final battle with lupus. She died in 1964 just before her final book was published. A devout Roman Catholic O'Connor often used religious themes in her work.
 Working Mother is an advertising circular published in the United States that deals with concerns of women who balance working and parenting. It has an unpaid circulation of over 760000 as of 2013.Working Mother Media is a subsidiary of Bonnier Corporation. It also sponsors conferences and events.
 Play Their Hearts Out: A Coach His Star Recruit and the Youth Basketball Machine by Pulitzer Prize winning author George Dohrmann is an award-winning exposé of the underbelly of grassroots youth basketball in the AAU.
 The Sensitive Man is a science fiction novella by Poul Anderson that was first published in the November 1953 issue of Fantastic Universe and reprinted in the 1981 collection The Psychotechnic League. The story is a component of the Psychotechnic League future history and takes place in the year 2009 between Un-Man and The Big Rain.
 Les Indes noires (literally The Black Indies) is a novel by the French writer Jules Verne serialized in Le Temps in March and April 1877 and published immediately afterward by Pierre-Jules Hetzel. The first UK edition was published in October 1877 by Sampson Low Marston Searle and Rivington as The Child of the Cavern or Strange Doings Underground. Other English titles for the novel include Black Diamonds and The Underground City.
 Clouds Blur the Rainbow: The Other Side of New Alliance Party is a non-fiction report by Chip Berlet published in 1987 by Political Research Associates (PRA).
 SpongeBob Comics is an ongoing comic book series published by Bongo Comics and based on the television series SpongeBob SquarePants. It was published every two months in the United States beginning in February 2011 and has been published monthly since June 2012.
 CanCam (キャンキャン Kyankyan) is a Japanese fashion magazine published by Shogakukan. Its name supposedly derives from I Can Campus because girls who read it are expected to become campus leaders.[citation needed] The magazine was created for fashion-conscious consumers and offers information on fashion makeup bags accessories and related topics. The magazine is targeted as a mote-kei (モテ系) fashion resource to novice office ladies as well as university students.
 The Demigod Diaries is collection of short stories relating to The Heroes of Olympus book series.
 A Charge to Keep is a 1999 book written by then-Governor of Texas George W. Bush with a foreword by Karen Hughes. Later editions have the sub-title My Journey To The White House.
 The Fog Horn and Other Stories is a collection of four short stories by Ray Bradbury. The collection published in Japan is published in English for school use.
 One Man and His Bog (subtitled The Reluctant Rambler's Guide to Walking the Pennine Way) is a 1986 travelogue book written by Barry Pilton and published by Corgi which started life as a series of talks on BBC Radio 4. It gives a light-hearted account of his walking the full length of the Pennine Way in 21 days from Edale in Derbyshire to Kirk Yetholm in the Scottish Borders.
 Trabajo ('Work') was a weekly newspaper published from San José Costa Rica from 1931–1947. It was the organ of the Communist Party of Costa Rica. Trabajo provided ample coverage of trade union activism. Moreover the newspaper frequently reproduced proletarian poetry.
 Tokyo Sports (東京スポーツ Tōkyō Supōtsu) is a Japanese daily sports newspaper founded in 1958.
 Bismarck: The Man and the Statesman is a biography of the German statesman Otto von Bismarck by the English historian A. J. P. Taylor. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Hamish Hamilton in June 1955.
 Maggie and the Pirate is a 1979 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.
 The Nigerian Observer is a daily newspaper published in Benin City Edo State Nigeria. It has been published since 29 May 1968.The publisher Bendel Newspapers Company Limited is owned by the Edo State Government.In 1973 a correspondent for the Nigerian Observer wrote an article about an impending teacher's strike in Rivers State which was published on the Governor Alfred Diete-Spiff's birthday.
 The Sing Tao Daily (Chinese: 星島日報) is Hong Kong's second largest Chinese language newspaper.[citation needed] It is owned by Sing Tao News Corporation Limited of which Charles Ho Tsu Kwok (何柱國) is the chairman. Its English language sister paper is The Standard. The Sing Tao also maintains the news website singtao.com.There are also at least 16 overseas editions of the Sing Tao Daily which are published by 9 overseas news bureaus and circulated in 100 cities around the world.
 Baladna (Arabic: بلدنا‎ meaning Our Country) is an independent Arabic daily newspaper published in Syria. The paper has also an English edition. The publication of its English-edition was thought to be a move towards liberalisation of the Syrian media.
 Three Times Carlin: An Orgy of George is a compilation of the three major books by George Carlin. It was released in October 2006. The three included books are Brain Droppings Napalm and Silly Putty and When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops? in order of release.
 Irish Linen is the tenth of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
 The Rage Against God (subtitle in US editions: How Atheism Led Me to Faith) is the fifth book by Peter Hitchens first published in 2010. The book describes Hitchens's journey from atheism far left politics and bohemianism to Christianity and conservatism detailing the influences on him that led to his conversion.
 Le Vingtième Siècle or Le XXe Siècle (The Twentieth Century) was a Belgian newspaper that was published from 1895 to 1940. Its supplement Le Petit Vingtième (The Little Twentieth) is known as the first publication to feature The Adventures of Tintin.The conservative Catholic newspaper was founded by Georges Helleputte Joseph d’Ursel and Athanase de Broqueville (brother of Belgian Prime Minister Charles de Broqueville). Its first issue was published on June 6 1895.
 Malai Malar is daily evening Tamil newspaper in Chennai Salem and Coimbatore India. It is owned by Daily Thanti group. It was founded by S. P. Adithanar in 1977 at Coimbatore and the current director is Sivandhi Adithanar.Malai Malar has eight editions for Coimbatore Chennai Salem Erode Pondicherry Madurai Trichy and Nagercoil. It has introduced the Malar-Plus a 8 page Tamil and English neighborhood weekly.
 Hokubei Mainichi Newspaper more usually known as Hokubei Mainichi (北米毎日 North America Daily) was a Japanese language newspaper published from 1948 to 2009. It was Northern California’s only Japanese American bilingual newspaper after the closure of the Nichi Bei Times on September 10 2009. It was published by Hokubei Mainichi Inc. (北米毎日新聞社 Hokubei Mainichi Shinbun Sha) headquartered in San Francisco.
 The Journal of Nanoparticle Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It focuses mainly on physical chemical and biological phenomena and processes in structures of sizes comparable to a few nanometers. At these scales materials often exhibit improved and novel properties that are a direct result of their small size.The editor-in-chief is Mihail C. Roco.
 This Above All (1941) is a novel by Eric Knight. It was adapted into an Academy Award winning movie in 1942.
 Colossus and the Crab is a science fiction novel written in 1977 by the British author Dennis Feltham Jones. It is the third and final volume in The Colossus Trilogy and a sequel to Jones's 1974 novel The Fall of Colossus.
 The Great Salad Oil Swindle is a book by Wall Street Journal reporter Norman C. Miller about Tino De Angelis a New Jersey-based wholesaler and commodities trader who bought and sold vegetable oil futures contracts. In 1962 De Angelis was responsible for a major financial scam attempting to corner the market for soybean oil which can be used in salad dressing.
 Ritz Newspaper colloquially Ritz Magazine sometimes simply Ritz was a British magazine focusing on gossip celebrity and fashion. It was launched in 1976 by David Bailey and David Litchfield who acted as co-editors. Published on newsprint and described by Litchfield as the Lou Reed of publishing it sold 25000 copies a month at its peak in 1981. It ran for fifteen years though at the beginning of the 1990s it lost readership to glossy titles such as Tatler.
 New York Dog was an unsuccessful lifestyle magazine for animal lovers based upon women's fashion and lifestyle magazines but instead featuring dogs. It was owned by the publishing empire of John Ryan now known for his 2009 RTÉ Two comedy television show This is Nightlive which mimics the antics of Ireland's newscasters and other newsroom members. Before its collapse the magazine was lauded by respected international publications such as The New York Times.
 Goblins in the Castle
 Batman Animated is a coffee table book written by Paul Dini and designed by Chip Kidd about the popular TV show Batman: The Animated Series. It was first published in a hardcover edition in 1998 by Titan Books. A paperback edition of the book was published later.
 Museums Journal published monthly by the Museums Association in London is a leading source of news and information for museums and galleries. It was first published in 1901. E. Howarth was the first editor and remained editor until 1909 when he resigned.Peter van Mensch described the publication as the first national journal for the museum field as a whole.
 Museum Management and Curatorship (MMC) is an international peer-reviewed journal aimed at museum professionals consultants educators and researchers. Its content is intended to examine current issues in museum practice.
 The Journal of Speculative Philosophy is an academic journal that examines basic philosophical questions the interaction between Continental and American philosophy and the relevance of historical philosophers to contemporary thinkers. The journal is published quarterly by the Penn State University Press.
 Revolution in the Valley: The Insanely Great Story of How the Mac Was Made is a nonfiction book written by Andy Hertzfeld and is about the birth of the Apple Macintosh.
 Omni was a science and science fiction magazine published in the US and the UK. It contained articles on science parapsychology and short works of science fiction and fantasy. It was published as a print version between October 1978 and 1995. The first Omni e-magazine was published on CompuServe in 1986 and the magazine switched to a purely online presence in 1996. It ceased publication abruptly in 1997 following the death of co-founder Kathy Keeton and closed down in 1998.
 Naree (Bengali: নারী Nāree Woman) is a 1992 criticism written by Humayun Azad one of the feminist writer in Bangladesh. At first feminism was introduced in Bengali by Begum Rokeya. And with Taslima Nasreen wrote several small columns about feminism. But none of them did not or can not describe feminism. In the sole discretion in Bengali Naree is one of the documentation book about feminism in Bengali.
 The Ironton Tribune is a daily newspaper based in Ironton Ohio. The newspaper is owned by Boone Newspapers.It was founded as The Register in 1850.
 Watchers is a 1987 suspense novel by American author Dean Koontz. Along with Strangers Lightning and Midnight Watchers is credited with cementing Koontz's status as a best-selling author.
 The Journal of Clinical Pharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of pharmacology. The editor-in-chief is Daniel S. Sitar (University of Manitoba). It was established in 1961 and is currently published by John Wiley & Sons in association with the American College of Clinical Pharmacology.
 The Journal of Religion and Film is an online academic journal that examines the description critique and embodiment of religion in film. Dr. William L. Blizek and the late Dr. Ronald Burke both professors in the Department of Philosophy and Religion at the University of Nebraska at Omaha founded the journal in 1997.They became interested in the subject of religion and film after hearing Father Andrew Greeley author and sociologist speak about images of God in popular movies.
 D.P. 7 was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics as part of its New Universe imprint. It ran for 32 issues and an annual which were published from 1986 to 1989.The title stands for Displaced Paranormals and refers to the seven main characters of the series (who never refer to themselves as displaced). All of them received superhuman powers as a result of the stellar phenomenon known as the White Event.D.P.
 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is a 2003 mystery novel by British writer Mark Haddon. Its title quotes the fictional detective Sherlock Holmes in Arthur Conan Doyle's 1892 short story Silver Blaze. Haddon and The Curious Incident won the Whitbread Book Awards for Best Novel and Book of the Year the Commonwealth Writers' Prize for Best First Book and the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize.
 The Feast of the Goat (Spanish: La fiesta del chivo 2000) is a novel by the Peruvian Nobel Prize in Literature laureate Mario Vargas Llosa. The book is set in the Dominican Republic and portrays the assassination of Dominican dictator Rafael Trujillo and its aftermath from two distinct standpoints a generation apart: during and immediately after the assassination itself in May 1961; and thirty five years later in 1996.
 Dagblad de Limburger is a Dutch newspaper oriented towards the province Limburg. The newspaper cooperates with its regional counterpart Limburgs Dagblad as Media Groep Limburg owned by Mecom Group. The newspapers operate a common website. The newspaper is the result of a merger between Dagblad voor Noord-Limburg and De Limburger.
 Dark Side of the Morgue is the second of a series of original mystery/thrillers by former James Bond author Raymond Benson. Published in March 2009 by Leisure Books it has a rock and roll setting and features a detective named Spike Berenger. The book's title derives from Pink Floyd's album The Dark Side of the Moon. In 2010 the novel was nominated for a Shamus Award for Best Paperback Original PI Novel of 2009 by the Private Eye Writers of America.
 The Journal of Small Business Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Council for Small Business. The journal covers all aspects of managing small companies. The editor-in-chief is George T. Solomon (George Washington University).According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.392 ranking it 68th out of 166 journals in the category Management.
 The British Museum Quarterly was a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the British Museum. It described recent acquisitions and research concerning the museum's collections and was published from 1926 to 1973. It is available electronically from JSTOR.
 Flash is a science fiction novel by L. E. Modesitt published in 2004.
 Kom Chad Luek (Thai: คมชัดลึก) is a mass-circulation Thai-language daily newspaper launched in 2001 and published in Bangkok Thailand by the Nation Multimedia Group. Its circulation is in the 500000-600000 range.
 Stardust is an Indian monthly Bollywood news and gossip magazine published in English and Hindi. It also sponsors the Stardust Awards.
 Anne Freaks (アンネ フリークス) is a manga written by Yua Kotegawa. It was originally serialized in the magazine Shōnen Ace in 2000. There are currently four volumes. The manga is licensed in English by ADV.
 Lakeland: Journeys into the Soul of Canada is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Allan Casey first published in November 2009 by Greystone Books. The book celebrates Canada's uniquely lake-rich landscape and explores the relationship that both the author and all Canadians have with this Lakeland. In the book the author chronicles his summer vacations to ten Canadian lakes.
 Black Magic was a horror anthology comic book series published by Prize Comics from 1950-1961. The series was notable for being packaged by the celebrated creative duo Joe Simon and Jack Kirby and for its non-gory horror content.After 50 issues as Black Magic the title's numbering continued for three more issues as the humor comic Cool Cat before being canceled.
 The Scarecrow is a 2009 novel written by award-winning American author Michael Connelly. It was Connelly's 21st book (20th novel) and the second featuring as the main character Jack McEvoy a reporter now living in Los Angeles and FBI agent Rachel Walling. As a result it is a sequel to the events in Connelly's 1996 novel The Poet although another Connelly novel The Narrows was published in 2004 as the official sequel to The Poet.
 You Can't Read This Book: Censorship in an Age of Freedom (2012) is a book by Nick Cohen about modern censorship plutocratic power and privacy laws freedom of speech and free expression.In this book author Nick Cohen argues that unrestricted access to online information and social media may expedite the fall of dictators but does not mean we live in an unprecedented era of freedom. He goes on to state that we are subject to ever-tightening strictures on what we say think or do.
 Unmarked Treasure is a poetry collection by the Singaporean poet Cyril Wong held together by memories about family life and intimate relationships charged with intense emotions surrounding love death and an unflinching exploration of an emptiness within the self. This book marks the first time that an openly gay poet has won both the National Young Artist Award for Literature and the Singapore Literature Prize.
 Dark Carnival is a short story collection the debut book of Ray Bradbury first published October 1947 by Arkham House. It has had numerous reprints.
 Marihuana is a 1941 novella by Cornell Woolrich published under the pen-name William Irish. The story is about a man who goes on a murder spree after being exposed to marijuana for the first time.
 The Width of Waters is a novel by the American writer Alfred Kern.The story is set in 1953 in Buchanan Pennsylvania (a fictionalized Meadville north of Pittsburgh). The town is celebrating its sesquicentennial and Jack Gaitz a young public relations man is in charge of the festivities all in the shadow of the Korean War as well as that of the Wolfe family owners of the textile mill that is Buchanan's sole industry.
 The Redwall Map & Riddler was published in 1997 as an accessory to the Redwall series by Brian Jacques.
 Calcified Tissue International is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media and first launched in 1967. From 1967 to 1978 the journal was published under the name Calcified Tissue Research. It is an official journal of the International Osteoporosis Foundation. The journal is published monthly and includes original research on the structure and function of bone and other mineralized systems in living organisms as well as reviews and special reports.
 For the Schoolyard Heroes album of the same name see Abominations (album).Abominations is a three issue Marvel Comics limited series created by Ivan Velez Jr (writer) Angel Medina (penciller) and Brad Vancata (inker). The series ran from December 1996 to February 1997.
 The Sweetwater Reporter is a newspaper based in Sweetwater Texas covering the Nolan County area of West Texas. Owned by Horizon Publications Inc. it publishes an evening paper six days a week Sunday through Friday.The newspaper was founded in 1881 the same year as its city and county as the Sweetwater Advance by Charles Edwin Gilbert founder of the nearby Abilene Reporter. It later published as the Nolan County Review and became the daily Reporter in 1911 under publisher John W.
 Nicaragua Betrayed published in 1980 is the memoir of former Nicaraguan president Anastasio Somoza Debayle (as told to Jack Cox) who had been toppled the previous year by the Sandinista insurgency.
 Meet the Browns is a play written by Tyler Perry in 2004. In it Cora (Madea's daughter) and Mr. Brown (Madea's neighbor) are headed to Brown's side of the family. In Madea's Class Reunion it is revealed that Brown is actually Cora's father so he is taking his new daughter to his family. This play is a spin-off from the play Madea's Class Reunion.
 Software Testing Verification & Reliability (STVR) is a journal in the field of software testing verification and reliability. STVR is a quarterly international journal that included papers on both theoretical and practical issues.For 13 years until 2006 the Chief Editor was Martin Woodward and Lee White. The current co-editors in chief are Jeff Offutt and Rob Hierons.The journal is published by John Wiley & Sons.
 Suki Desu Suzuki-kun!! (好きです鈴木くん!! lit. I Like You Suzuki-kun!!) alternatively known as The Lovin' S is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gō Ikeyamada. It began its serialization in October 2008 in the magazine Shōjo Comic and ended in June 2012. The chapters are collected and bound in tankōbon format by Shogakukan under the Flower Comics label.
 Women's Physique World was a magazine covering female bodybuilding and fitness and figure competition published from 1984 to 2006.The first issue was dated Fall 1984 and featured Lori Walkup on the cover. Subsequently the magazine has been published with varying frequency ranging from two to six issues annually.Women's Physique World also produces documentary style videos that feature the women posing in non-contest settings in bikinis dresses and other outfits.
 Car and Driver (CD or C/D) is an American automotive enthusiast magazine. Its total circulation is 1.23 million. It is owned by Hearst Magazines who purchased prior owner Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. in 2011. Originally headquartered in New York City the magazine has been based in Ann Arbor Michigan since the late 1970s.
 In the Fourth Year is a collection H.G. Wells assembled in the spring of 1918 from essays he had recently published discussing the problem of establishing lasting peace when World War I ended. It is mostly devoted to plans for the League of Nations and the discussion of post-war politics.
 Unghiul (English: The Angle) is a newspaper from Ungheni the Republic of Moldova founded by Nicolae Sanduleac.
 Veniss Underground is a 2003 science fiction novel by Jeff VanderMeer following the adult lives of three different protagonists across a short period of time in the decadent surreal city of Veniss which is situated above a vast underground labyrinth of hovels and mines ruled over by the amoral crime lord Quin.
 Portal Through Time is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It was published in 2006. The author Alice Henderson also wrote Night Terrors in the Stake Your Destiny series. In this novel Buffy and her friends time-travel to four different periods of history to protect Slayers of the past from present-day vampires.
 A Theft is a 1989 novel by the American author Saul Bellow. Bellow originally wanted to publish the book as a story or serial in a magazine such as The New Yorker but his agent had trouble selling it to any magazine. Bellow instead chose to publish it as a book and it was his first book to be published in paperback form which was something highly unusual for a book written by an erudite and respected author.
 Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science is a book by Charles Wheelan that seeks to translate basic economic issues into a format that can be easily read by people with little or no previous knowledge of economics.
 To Dream in the City of Sorrows is the ninth book in the series of original science fiction novels based on the Emmy Award-winning series Babylon 5. It was written by Kathryn M. Drennan who also wrote the television series episode By Any Means Necessary and was then the wife of Babylon 5 creator J. Michael Straczynski.To Dream in the City of Sorrows is unusual for a Babylon 5 novel in that it is considered canon for the series — most of the first nine books were not.
 Side Jobs is collection of stories set in Jim Butcher's The Dresden Files series an ongoing series about wizard detective Harry Dresden. It contains 11 stories of various lengths.Backup is told from the point of view of Harry Dresden's half-brother Thomas Raith. Mike Mignola contributed illustrations for the original printing; those are not in this book. Aftermath is told from the point of view of Harry's longtime friend in the Chicago Police Department Karrin Murphy.
 Jackson Citizen Patriot is a daily newspaper published in Jackson Michigan.Since 2012 the Citizen Patriot has been published at AnnArbor.com printing facility in Ann Arbor. Also in 2012 home delivery of the newspaper was cutback to Tuesdays Thursdays and Sundays although the print edition is still published daily.
 Still Life With Woodpecker (1980) is the third novel by Tom Robbins concerning the love affair between an environmentalist princess and an outlaw. The novel encompasses a broad range of topics from aliens and redheads to consumerism the building of bombs romance royalty the moon and a pack of Camel cigarettes. The novel continuously addresses the question of how to make love stay and is sometimes referred to as a post-modern fairy tale.[citation needed]
 Eidolon I is a 2006 speculative fiction anthology edited by Jonathan Strahan and Jeremy G. Byrne.
 It Can Happen Here: Authoritarian Peril in the Age of Bush (2007) is a nonfiction book written by liberal writer and commentator Joe Conason. Conason discusses what he sees as a trend towards authoritarianism during the administration of US President George W.
 The American Alpine Journal is an annual magazine published by the American Alpine Club. Its mission is to document and communicate mountain exploration.Subtitled as a compilation of The World's Most Significant Climbs the magazine contains feature stories about notable new routes and ascents written by the climbers as well as a large Climbs and Expeditions section containing short notes by climbers about new and noteworthy achievements.
 Al Kalima (Arabic: الكلمة‎ meaning The Word') is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Libya. It is one of the newspapers established during or following the Libyan revolution which toppled Muammar Ghaddafi in 2011.
 MDZ Online is an Argentine online newspaper published in Mendoza.
 Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers is a 1974 anthology by Frank Chin Jeffery Paul Chan Lawson Fusao Inada Shawn Wong and other members of the Combined Asian Resources Project (CARP). It helped establish Asian American Literature as a field by recovering and collecting representative selections from Chinese- Japanese- and Filipino-Americans from the past fifty years—many of whom had been mostly forgotten.
 Tow-Truck Pluck is a children's book by Dutch writer Annie M.G. Schmidt. First published in 1971 it remains in print and is one of the most popular Dutch books for children and the second most popular book by Schmidt (after Jip and Janneke). A radio drama based on the book was produced in 2002 and a movie in 2004; Tow Truck Pluck ranked No. 10 on the list of most popular Dutch movies between 1996 and 2005 and was awarded platinum status early in January 2005.
 The River Cities' Reader is an independently owned Alternative newspaper newspaper based in Davenport Iowa. The newspaper was founded in 1993 and is circulated throughout the Quad-Cities metropolitan area and outlying communities.The Reader's format is tabloid size on newsprint; its masthead reads business politics arts and culture.
 Harp was a print and online magazine that provided in-depth information on current music mainly the adult album alternative genre which encompasses a large variety of music.
 Buying Mittens (手袋を買いに Tebukuro wo kai ni) is a short story in Children's literature by Nankichi Niimi. It was first published in 1943 after his death. The story talks about a fox child who go to the nearby town to buy some gloves.
 Love Sick is a novel written by Jake Coburn. It was first published on September 22 2005 by Dutton Juvenile.
 The Crime Wave at Blandings is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse which first appeared in the United States in two parts in the October 10 and October 17 1936 editions of the Saturday Evening Post and in the United Kingdom in the January 1937 issue of the Strand. It was included in the collection Lord Emsworth and Others (1937) and provided the title to the U.S.
 Collision Course is a novel by science fiction author Robert Silverberg first published in hardcover in 1961 by Avalon Books and reprinted in paperback as an Ace Double later that year. Ace reissued it as a stand-alone volume in 1977 and 1982; a Tor paperback appeared in 1988. An Italian translation was also published in 1961 and a German translation later appeared. Silverberg planned the novel as a serial for Astounding Science Fiction but John W.
 La Passerelle (French) or the Gateway (English) is a local newspaper distributed in the area of Planoise in the city of Besançon (Doubs Franche-Comté France.
 Stuff is a British men's magazine featuring reviews of consumer electronics and previews of future technology. International editions such as previously published in the United States include other articles of interest to a predominantly male audience.
 Kantipur (Nepali: कान्तिपुर) is a Nepali language daily newspaper published from Kathmandu Biratnagar Nepalgunj and Bharatpur of Nepal simultaneously.Kantipur's publishers report that the circulation of this newspaper is just above 250000 copies per day. It is regarded as one of the most widely read newspaper in Nepal as well as a good source of information of homeland for Nepali diaspora.The newspaper which began publishing on 7th Falgun 2047 B.S.
 The End of the Free Market: Who Wins the War Between States and Corporations? is a 2010 non-fiction book by Ian Bremmer that discusses the rise of state capitalism a system in which governments dominate local economies through ownership of market-dominant companies and large pools of excess capital using them for political gain. This trend Bremmer argues challenges America’s economic strength and the conduct of free markets everywhere.
 The Lexus and the Olive Tree is a 1999 book by Thomas L. Friedman that posits that the world is currently undergoing two struggles: the drive for prosperity and development symbolized by the Lexus and the desire to retain identity and traditions symbolized by the olive tree. He says he came to this realization while eating a sushi box lunch on a Japanese bullet train after visiting a Lexus factory and reading an article about conflict in the Middle East.
 Dyad is Michael Brodsky's fourth novel. It is narrated by an urban lowlife known only as X—. He is hired by the dying tycoon Jamms who wants X— to convince Jamms's estranged artist son Jim to come home and let bygones be bygones.The dyad of the title refers to two people who are linked what Beckett called a pseudo-couple.
 Postcode: The Splintering of a Nation is a book by Australian politician Wayne Swan published in 2005. Swan was the Federal Treasurer from November 2007 to June 2013.
 Die Welt des Islams or the International Journal for the Study of Modern Islam is an academic journal on Islam and the Muslim world published by Brill. The journal publishes articles in three languages—English French and German—and its German title translates into English as The World of Islam and French as Le Monde de l'Islam. It is one of the oldest Western journals for the study of Islam. It has published articles by C. H.
 The Central European Journal of Chemistry is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research results in all fields of chemistry. It publishes original research articles reviews rapid and short communications and book reviews.
 The Face in the Frost is a short 1969 fantasy novel by author John Bellairs. Unlike most of his later works this book is meant for adult readers. It centers on two accomplished wizards Prospero (and not the one you're thinking of) and Roger Bacon tracking down the source of a great magical evil. The subject matter prompted Ursula K.
 Red Sun of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 725) in November 1987.
 The African Journal of Science and Technology is a biannual technical publication of the African Network of Scientific and Technical Institutions (ANSTI).
 The Intriguers first published in 1972 was the fourteenth novel in the Matt Helm spy series by Donald Hamilton.
 The Heart is a Lonely Hunter (1940) is the debut novel by the American author Carson McCullers; she was 23 at the time of publication. It is about a deaf man named John Singer and the people he encounters in a 1930s mill town in the state of Georgia US.
 Laugh Parade was a group of weekly gag cartoons written by Bunny Hoest and drawn by John Reiner. It ran in Parade a Sunday newspaper magazine supplement.Laugh Parade displayed three or four single-panel cartoons one of which was Howard Huge. Reiner used an ink wash to give the strip a greyish monochromatic tone. Hoest and Reiner collaborate on another cartoon series called The Lockhorns which is distributed by King Features Syndicate.
 The Hiding Place is a 1971 book on the life of Corrie ten Boom written by ten Boom together with John and Elizabeth Sherrill.The idea of a book on ten Boom's life began as John and Elizabeth Sherrill were doing research for the book God's Smuggler about ten Boom's fellow Dutchman Brother Andrew. Corrie ten Boom was already in her mid-seventies when the Sherrills first heard about her.
 Betrayal is a Star Trek: Deep Space Nine novel written by Lois Tilton.
 Running with Scissors is a 2002 memoir by American writer Augusten Burroughs. The book tells the story of Burroughs's bizarre childhood life after his mother who had an obsession with Anne Sexton sent him to live with her psychiatrist. Running with Scissors spent eight weeks on the New York Times bestseller list.
 The International Political Science Review/Revue Internationale de Science Politique is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of political science. The editors-in-chief are Mark Kesselman (Columbia University) and Marian Sawer (Australian National University). It was established in 1980 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the International Political Science Association.
 Predmestje is a novel by Slovenian author Vinko Möderndorfer. It was first published in 2002.
 The Australasian Journal of Philosophy first published in 1923 and known as the Australasian Journal of Psychology and Philosophy from 1923 until 1946 is Australasia's oldest double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy and one of the oldest English-language philosophy journals in the world.In 1947 the name of the journal was changed from the Australasian Journal of Psychology and Philosophy to the Australasian Journal of Philosophy in order to avoid any future confusion with the new Australian Journal of Psychology the first issue of which was released in June 1949.It is published by Routledge on behalf of the Australasian Association of Philosophy; and in 2007 was rated A in the European Reference Index in the Humanities. 
 The Castle Guide is a supplemental rulebook published in 1990 for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Coots in the North is the name given by Arthur Ransome's biographer Hugh Brogan to an incomplete Swallows and Amazons novel found in Ransome's papers. Brogan edited and published the first few chapters as a fragment with a selection of Ransome's other short stories in 1988. The story starts in the Broads but continues in the Lake District after the Death and Glories hitch a ride aboard a boat being delivered to the Lake in the North.
 Plutonian Ode is a poem written by American Beat poet Allen Ginsberg in 1978 against the arms race and nuclear armament of the superpowers. It is heavily inspired by Gnosticism which Ginsberg came to know after reading Hans Jonas's book on the subject. Philip Glass' Symphony No. 6 is based on and includes parts of this poem.It was first published in The CoEvolution Quarterly / Journal for the Protection of All Beings co-issue Fall 1978.
 Gifted is the debut novel by author Nikita Lalwani longlisted for the Man Booker Prize and shortlisted for the Costa First Novel Award. It was first published in 2007 by Viking.
 The Honolulu Advertiser was a daily newspaper published in Honolulu Hawaii. At the time publication ceased on June 6 2010 it was the largest daily newspaper in the American state of Hawaiʻi. It published daily with special Sunday and Internet editions.
 Noman (2007) is the third book in the Noble Warriors Trilogy written by William Nicholson.
 For Us The Living: A Comedy of Customs is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein written in 1938 but published for the first time in 2003.
 Sergio Aragonés Destroys DC is a comic book written by Sergio Aragonés and Mark Evanier and published in 1996. The book is a satire of DC Comics characters. They also produced an equivalent at Marvel Comics called Sergio Aragonés Massacres Marvel.
 Sport Exercise and Performance Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association7. The journal was established in 2011 and covers research that supports the application of psychological principles to facilitate peak sport performance enhance physical activity participation and achieve optimal human performance. The current editor-in-chief is Jeffrey J. Martin (Wayne State University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO.
 Le Chercheur d'or is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as The prospector by Carol Marks and published by David R. GodineBoston.
 Noble Causes is an American comic book series created and written by Jay Faerber illustrated by a variety of artists (the current artist being Yıldıray Çınar) and published by Image Comics.The series follows the lives of the Nobles a wealthy superhero family in the Image Universe. The stories focus less on the Nobles fighting supervillains and more on their personal lives. Originally intended to be an ongoing title it was downgraded into a series of miniseries and one-shots.
 SF: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy is a 1956 anthology of science fiction and fantasy short stories edited by Judith Merril. It was the first in a series of 12 annual anthologies edited by Merrill. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Fantasy and Science Fiction Galaxy Science Fiction Fantastic Universe Science-Fantasy If Good Housekeeping and Bluebook.
 The Best American Short Stories 2011 a volume in the Best American Short Stories series was edited by Heidi Pitlor and by guest editor Geraldine Brooks.
 The Metropolis Case is the debut novel of American author Matthew Gallaway. The novel follows the interconnected lives of four characters living in different cities all of whom have a great passion for Richard Wagner's opera Tristan und Isolde. The New York Times said the book is so well written ... and filled with such memorable lead and supporting players that it quickly absorbs you into its worlds. In the Washington Post Eugenia Zukerman wrote that Gallaway has taken a great risk ...
 Alice on Deadlines (D線上のアリス Dī Senjō no Arisu) is a manga series by Shiro Ihara. The manga was serialized in Square Enix's shōnen magazine Gangan Wing. Square Enix released the manga's four tankōbon volumes between March 26 2005 and May 27 2006. It is licensed in North America by Yen Press which released the four tankōbon volumes between November 2007 and November 2008.
 Magic in Ithkar is an shared world anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andre Norton and Robert Adams. It was first published as a trade paperback by Tor Books in May 1985.
 What Satellite and Digital TV is a satellite terrestrial cable and broadband television magazine published monthly in the United Kingdom by MyHobbyStore. Although the magazine is primarily targeted for the UK market it is also sold in Europe Africa and the Middle East.
 Abrar-e Varzeshi is a daily newspaper published in Iran.
 Oikos is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the field of ecology. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Nordic Foundation Oikos. Since 2011 the editor-in-chief is Dries Bonte (Ghent University).
 Reaction Time: Climate Change and the Nuclear Option is a book by Professor Ian Lowe which was officially launched by science broadcaster Robyn Williams at the Writers' Festival in Brisbane in September 2007. The book is about energy policy and Lowe argues that nuclear power does not make sense on any level: economically environmentally politically or socially.
 If Magazine is an Australian print publication for screen-content professionals in Australia and New Zealand first published in 1997. It contains original articles on film television and digital media distribution exhibition marketing and finance and reports on domestic screen production.
 A Strange Man (Russian: Странный человек Stranny tchelovek) is a play by Mikhail Lermontov written in 1831 and published first in Saint Petersburg 1860 by Stepan Dudyshkin (with considerable omissions concerning censorial demands) then for the first time in its entirety in 1880 by Pyotr Yefremov (compilation Early Plays by M.Yu.Lermontov).
 Licence Renewed first published in 1981 is the first novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond. It was the first proper James Bond novel (not counting novelizations and a faux biography) since Kingsley Amis's Colonel Sun in 1968. Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Jonathan Cape and in the United States by Richard Marek a G. P.
 The Forgotten Planet is a science fiction novel by Murray Leinster. It was released in 1954 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies. The novel is a fix-up from three short stories The Mad Planet and The Red Dust both of which had originally appeared in the magazine Argosy in 1920 and 1921 and Nightmare Planet which appeared in Science Fiction Plus in 1953.
 Instinct (ISSN 1096-0058) is a monthly magazine geared toward gay men. It was first published in 1997 by Instinct Publishing Inc. and is distributed by Curtis Circulation. Its current editor-in-chief is Mike Wood.
 The Jolly Postman or Other People's Letters is an interactive children's picture book by Janet and Allan Ahlberg. The innovative project required five years to complete and much discussion with both the publisher Heinemann and the printer before it was issued in 1986. The first subject heading assigned by WorldCat is Toy and movable books. Little Brown published a U.S. edition in the same year.The Jolly Postman has sold more than six million copies Allan Ahlberg told The Guardian in 2006.
 American Born Chinese is a graphic novel by Gene Luen Yang. Released in 2006 by First Second Books it was a finalist for the 2006 National Book Awards in the category of Young People's Literature. It won the 2007 Michael L.
 The Caliph's House is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author Tahir Shah.Unwilling to raise his two infant children in England Tahir Shah drags them and his Indian-born wife to Morocco where he traveled as a child. It was there that his grandfather the savant Sirdar Ikbal Ali Shah passed the last decade of his life (he moved to Tangier after his wife died in 1960 declaring that he would go to a land where he had never been together).
 The Polish Sociological Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Polish Sociological Association. It covers diverse areas of sociology especially social theory social structure social change culture and politics in global perspective. The journal publishes articles in English and Polish.
 Imperial Ambitions: Conversations with Noam Chomsky on the Post-9/11 World is a 2005 Metropolitan Books American Empire Project publication of interviews with American linguist and political activist Noam Chomsky conducted and edited by award-winning journalist David Barsamian of Alternative Radio.In the interviews Chomsky offers his opinions on such topics as the occupation of Iraq the doctrine of pre-emptive attack and the threat to international peace posed by the U.S.
 Mercator or The Merchant is a Latin comedic play for the early Roman theatre by Titus Maccius Plautus. It is based on a Greek play by the playwright Philemon.
 The Saga of Seven Suns is a series of seven space opera novels written by Kevin J. Anderson and published between 2002 and 2008. The books are set in a not-too-distant future where humans have colonized a number of other planets across the galaxy thanks in part to technological assistance from an ancient alien race the Ildirans. The series chronicles the universe-spanning war that erupts when humans inadvertently ignite the fury of a hidden empire of elemental aliens known as the hydrogues.
 Siglo Veintiuno or stylized Siglo XXI is a Guatemalan daily newspaper. Founded in 1990 by José Rubén Zamora the paper earned a reputation for independent high-risk reporting. In 1995 its staff won the International Press Freedom Awards of the Committee to Protect Journalists and Zamora won several individual awards for his work with the paper.
 Mexico Unconquered: Chronicles of Power and Revolt is a book authored by John Gibler on national and regional politics in Mexico. The text discusses Mexico's historical continuity of conquest and the social movements that have formed as a result. Mexico Unconquered was published in 2009 by City Lights Books.
 Sand Monkeys is a young adult novel by the Australian writer Joanne Horniman who is known for novels centering on realistic depictions of people in unusual relationships. It was published in 1992 by Omnibus Books. The author's work on the novel was assisted by a writer's grant from the Australia Council.
 Imagine: How Creativity Works is the third non-fiction book by Jonah Lehrer published in 2012. It explores brain science and creativity and its social aspects. By July 2012 the book had been recalled by its publisher due to factual inaccuracies.
 The Twelve Tribes of Hattie is the 2012 debut novel of American author Ayana Mathis. In December 2012 the novel was selected for Oprah's Book Club 2.0. The Twelves of Hattie revolves around the matriarch of a black family of the Great Migration and her children and grandchildren.
 A Rendezvous in Averoigne is a collection of science fiction fantasy and horror stories by author Clark Ashton Smith. It was released in 1988 by Arkham House in an edition of 5025 copies. The collection contains stories from Smith's major story cycles of Averoigne Hyperborea Poseidonis Xiccarph and Zothique.
 Philosophy in the Contemporary World is a peer-reviewed academic journal sponsored by the Society for Philosophy in the Contemporary World. The journal covers issues in applied philosophy philosophy and public policy race and gender studies environmental philosophy educational philosophy and multiculturalism especially when crossing disciplinary boundaries. Members of the Society for Philosophy in the Contemporary World receive the journal as a benefit of membership.
 The College Hill Independent (commonly referred to as The Indy) is a weekly college newspaper published by students of Brown University and the Rhode Island School of Design the two colleges in the College Hill neighborhood in Providence Rhode Island. The paper has a circulation of about 2000 and is the most prominent alternative to The Brown Daily Herald Brown University's daily newspaper.
 Bonobono (ぼのぼの) is a yonkoma manga series by Mikio Igarashi. From March 1986 to March 1987 the series ran in the Takeshobo manga magazine Tensai Club before the magazine was replaced with Manga Club where it has been serialized since April 1987. It has also been serialized in Manga Life since April 1986. It has been adapted into an anime television series as well as two anime films and two video games.While the series is considered a yonkoma manga most of the stories use eight panels.
 High Vacuum is a science fiction novel by Charles Eric Maine. It was first published in 1957 by Ballantine Books.
 Tales of the Zombie was an American black-and-white horror anthology comic magazine series published by Marvel Comics in the mid-1970s. Tales of the Zombie published ten issues and one annual many featuring Simon Garth stories by Steve Gerber and Pablo Marcos. The magazine format did not fall under the purview of the Comics Code allowing the title to feature stronger content — such as moderate profanity partial nudity and more graphic violence — than Marvel's mainstream titles.
 N'Heures Souris Rames (Nursery Rhymes) is a book of homophonic translations from English to French published in 1980 by Ormonde de Kay. It includes contains some forty nursery rhymes among which are Coucou doux de Ledoux (Cock-A-Doodle-Doo) Signe garçon. Neuf Sikhs se pansent (Sing a Song of Sixpence) and Hâte carrosse bonzes (Hot Cross Buns).Below is de Kay's Georgie Porgie in the original English with the translation into French:
 The Ego and Its Own (German: Der Einzige und sein Eigenthum; also translated as The Individual and His Property; a literal translation would read The Sole One and His Property) is a philosophical work by German philosopher Max Stirner (1806–1856). This work was first published in 1845 although with a stated publication date of 1844 to confuse the Prussian censors.
 Spike: Shadow Puppets is a limited series comic book based on the Angel television series. The Spike centric comic was released by IDW Publishing from June 2007 through October 2007. The four issues were collected together in a single trade paperback in December 2007.
 Farmer Boy is a children's historical novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder. First published in 1933 it is the second book in the nine part Little House series also known as The Laura Years.
 Le Matin du Sahara et du Maghreb (also known as Le Matin) is a daily francophone Saudi-owned Moroccan newspaper. It was founded on 1 November 1971 as replacement of pro-colonial daily Le Petit Marocain whose editing company Mas Presse was seized an given to the cousin of Hassan II and his minister of communication Moulay Hafid Alaoui.
 Summa Technologiae (the title is in Latin meaning Sum of Technology in English) is a 1964 (1967 - second edition) book by Polish author Stanisław Lem. Summa is one of the first collections of philosophical essays by Lem. The book exhibits depth of insight and irony usual for Lem's creations.
 Environment & Energy Publishing LLC is a multi-service online media company that covers environmental and energy policy and markets.
 Oh the Places You'll Go! is a book written and illustrated by children's author Dr. Seuss. It was first published by Random House on January 22 1990 making it his last book published before his death. The book concerns the journey of life and its challenges.Though written in the style of classics such as Green Eggs and Ham and The Cat in the Hat Oh the Places You’ll Go! has many specific characters including a narrator and the reader.
 The Battle of Pollocks Crossing is the sixth novel by J.L. Carr published in 1985. The novel was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1985 and followed a nomination in 1980 for A Month in the Country his preceding novel.The novel describes a year spent by a young English exchange teacher named George Gidner in the fictional town of Pallisades on the Great Plains of South Dakota.
 Voyage of Slaves is the third novel in Brian Jacques' Castaways of the Flying Dutchman series. It was released on September 13 2006 in the UK and September 14 2006 in the US.Ben is at first separated from Ned previously known as Den when their adrift boat is found by slave traders who throw Ned overboard because he is a black dog which they think is a sign of the Devil. Ben is taken to Al Misurata while Ned is found by a wandering troupe of entertainers that nurse him back to health.
 The English Roses is a 2003 children's picture book written by American recording artist and entertainer Madonna and illustrated by Jeffrey Fulvimari which later became a series of children's books by both artists. The books are about the life of five schoolgirls in London and their problems.
 Sir Nobonk and the Terrible Dreadful Awful Naughty Nasty Dragon (also known by the shorter title of Sir Nobonk and the... Dragon) is a 1982 comedy novel written by Spike Milligan and the fourth picture book by Milligan after The Bald Twit Lion Badjelly the Witch and Dip the Puppy.
 The Farewell Waltz (Czech: Valčík na rozloučenou) is a Czech-language novel by Milan Kundera published in 1972. A French edition was published in 1976 and an English version entitled The Farewell Party.This novel mostly deals with love hate and accidents between eight characters who are drawn together in a small spa town in Czechoslovakia in early 1970s.Like most Kundera's work The Farewell Waltz is a book of many layers. On the surface it is a comedy or a burlesque.
 The monthly magazine Rigas Laiks (The Riga Time) has been published in Latvian since 1993 in Riga Latvia.
 Blood and Gold (2001) is the eighth book in Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles series.
 Ashkharatsuyts (Աշխարհացոյց (traditional); Աշխարհացույց (reformed)) often translated as Geography in English sources is an early Medieval Armenian illustrated book by Anania Shirakatsi. It is about the geography of Armenia Georgia Caucasian Albania Iran Mesopotamia etc. Ashkharatsuyts is the oldest book in Matenadaran on geography.
 About this sound Dagens Nyheter (DN) (Swedish: lit. today's news) is a daily newspaper in Sweden. It has the largest circulation of Swedish morning newspapers followed by Göteborgs-Posten and Svenska Dagbladet and is the only morning newspaper that is distributed to subscribers across the whole country. In 2009 DN had a circulation of 316000 reaching 881 000 people every day. Opinion leaders often choose DN as the venue for publishing major opinion editorials.
 From Other Worlds is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by August Derleth. It was first published by Four Square Books in 1964. The anthology contains seven stories from Derleth's earlier anthology Beachheads in Space. The stories had originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Stories Amazing Stories Startling Stories Weird Tales and Planet Stories.
 Roxana: The Fortunate Mistress (full title: The Fortunate Mistress: Or A History of the Life and Vast Variety of Fortunes of Mademoiselle de Beleau Afterwards Called the Countess de Wintselsheim in Germany Being the Person known by the Name of the Lady Roxana in the Time of King Charles II) is a 1724 novel by Daniel Defoe.
 Escape was a 1926 British play in nine episodes written by John Galsworthy. After a run in the London West End it transferred to Broadway where it was produced and staged by Winthrop Ames. It ran for 173 performances from 26 October 1927 to March 1928 at the Booth Theatre. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1927-1928.
 An Island in the Soup is a children's book written and illustrated by French-Canadian author Mireille Levert intended for children ages 3–5. It was first published on May 1 2001 by Douglas & McIntyre/Groundwood Books. An Island in the Soup is an intriguing tale that provides a fun and imaginative twist on children playing with and in their food and tells a story of fantasy and imagination incorporating both mother and child through a grand dinner time adventure.
 Cloud Boy is a children's picture book written and illustrated by creator Rhode Montijo and published by Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing.
 Mówią Wieki is a monthly popular science history magazine published in Poland since 1958.
 Penrod Jashber is the third in a series of collections of sketches by Booth Tarkington about the adventures of Penrod Schofield an 11-year-old middle-class boy in a small city in the pre-World War I Midwestern United States. Published in 1929 it was preceded by Penrod in 1914 and Penrod and Sam in 1916. The three books were published together as one volume Penrod: His Complete Story in 1931.
 Bacon and Hams is a 1917 book by George J. Nicholls the director of a provisions company and had multiple titles for the Institute of Certified Grocers. The book details the then-modern bacon industry which was not the current definition of bacon as known today. The book includes the history of the pig and the popular breeds in the United Kingdom. The industry is examined from the bacon factory to the retail distribution of the bacon focusing on the popular Wiltshire cut.
 Khrushchev: The Man and His Era is a 2003 biography of Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev. Written by William Taubman the book is the first in-depth and comprehensive American biography of Khrushchev. Taubman was the recipient of the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography as well as the 2004 National Book Critics Circle Award. The author spent almost 20 years researching the life of Khrushchev in preparation to write the book.
 Condé Nast Traveler is a luxury and lifestyle travel magazine published by Condé Nast. The magazine has won twenty-five National Magazine Awards.Condé Nast Traveler was founded by Sir Harold Evans in 1987 with a focus on literary journalism and hard news reporting. As founder and Editor in Chief Evans coined the motto Truth in Travel which declared that travel industry freebies would not be accepted.Condé Nast Traveler is currently led by Editor in Chief Pilar Guzman. Ms.
 North American Review (NAR) was the first literary magazine in the United States. Founded in Boston in 1815 by journalist Nathan Hale and others it was published continuously until 1940 when Joseph Hilton Smyth who had purchased the magazine was convicted as a Japanese spy. Publication subsequently resumed in 1964 at Cornell College (Iowa) under Robert Dana. Since 1968 the University of Northern Iowa (Cedar Falls) has been home to the publication.
 A Thousand Plateaus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia (French: Mille plateaux) is a 1980 book by French philosopher Gilles Deleuze and psychoanalyst Félix Guattari. It is the second volume of Capitalism and Schizophrenia and the successor to Anti-Oedipus (1972).
 The Westfield News is a daily newspaper published Monday through Friday afternoons and Saturday mornings in Westfield Massachusetts United States covering Westfield Southwick and the Hill Towns of western Hampden County Massachusetts.The newspaper was purchased by Westfield native Patrick Berry in June 2011 from Allbritton Communications Company.
 Leaving a Doll's House: A Memoir is an autobiography written by British actress Claire Bloom and published in 1996. Bloom writes about her life career and relationships including her first marriage to Rod Steiger. The main focus is on her troubled relationship with writer Philip Roth.
 Chinese Whispers is a 2002 poetry collection by the American writer John Ashbery. It was Ashbery's 20th collection and consists of 65 individual poems.
 John Paul George Ringo … and Bert is a 1974 musical by Willy Russell based on the story of The Beatles. It premiered at the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool in May 1974 where it ran for eight weeks and later moved to the Lyric Theatre in London in August 1974 where it ran for a year and was later named Best Musical of 1974 by the Evening Standard and London Critics' awards. It featured the music of the Beatles performed by Barbara Dickson.
 Lords of the Levee is a 1943 non-fiction book by long time Chicago Tribune reporters Lloyd Wendt and Herman Kogan in one of three collaborations about the city of Chicago focusing on its politicians Bathhouse John Coughlin and Hinky Dink Kenna notorious alderman for the City of Chicago's lakeside First Ward. The book was reprinted in 1967 by Indiana University Press.
 How to Turn Your Million Dollar Idea into a Reality (ISBN 0-7314-0575-7 ISBN 978-0-7314-0575-6) a book written by Pete Williams was first published by January 1 2007.
 The Catholic New World is the official newspaper of the Archdiocese of Chicago.Its mission is to be the key source of information about the church in Chicago. It provides news analysis and commentary about the church at the world national and local levels and about issues of concern to the Catholic community.
 Pendragon: Before the War is a set of three novels that expands upon the fictional universe of The Pendragon Adventure by D. J. MacHale. Although MacHale originated the primary series the first novel of Before the War was written by Carla Jablonski and the second and third were written by Walter Sorrells. As of 25 November 2008 all three of the covers have been revealed.
 The Moffat Museum by Eleanor Estes is the fourth and final novel in the children's series known as The Moffats. Published in 1983 it appeared forty years after the preceding book. The title refers to a small museum that the four Moffat children set up to help them remember the special times in their lives now that they are growing up. Like the rest of the series The Moffat Museum is set in small Cranbury Connecticut in the early 1900s.
 First Things is an ecumenical journal focused on creating a religiously informed public philosophy for the ordering of society. The journal is inter-denominational and inter-religious representing a broad intellectual tradition of Christian and Jewish critique of contemporary society. Published by the New York-based Institute on Religion and Public Life it is published monthly except for bi-monthly issues covering June/July and August/September.
 The World Factbook (ISSN 1553-8133; also known as the CIA World Factbook) is a reference resource produced by the Central Intelligence Agency with almanac-style information about the countries of the world. The official paper copy version is available from the National Technical Information Service and the Government Printing Office. Other companies—such as Skyhorse Publishing—also print a paper edition. The Factbook is available in the form of a website which is partially updated every week.
 The African Development Review is devoted to the study and analysis of development policy in Africa.
 Lethal Politics: Soviet Genocide and Mass Murder since 1917 is an influential book by R.J. Rummel published by Transaction Publishers in 1990 during the collapse of the Soviet Union.
 The Sign of the Twisted Candles is the ninth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1933 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
 L'Express (French pronunciation: ​[lɛksˈpʁɛs]) ; (ISSN 0245-9949) is a French weekly news magazine. When founded in 1953 during the First Indochina War it was modelled on the US magazine Time.
 The Great Game: Afghanistan is a British series of short plays on the history of Afghanistan and foreign intervention there from the First Anglo-Afghan War to the present day. It is organised into three sets of four plays and draws its name from the 19th and 20th century Great Game a geopolitical struggle for dominance between The British and Russian Empires.
 The University of Toronto Faculty of Law Review is a law review at the University of Toronto Faculty of Law run by law students at the Faculty and publishing scholarly work by law students from any institution. It was first published in 1942 when it was called the School of Law Review (University of Toronto).
 They Used to Play on Grass is a 1972 novel by former English footballer Terry Venables and Scottish author Gordon Williams. The novel predicted the end of grass as a playing surface and that plastic pitches would become the norm in football. In 2003 the book was listed on the BBC's The Big Read poll of the UK's best-loved novel.
 Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother is a book by Amy Chua published in 2011. The complete subtitle of the book is: “This is a story about a mother two daughters and two dogs. This was supposed to be a story of how Chinese parents are better at raising kids than Western ones. But instead it's about a bitter clash of cultures a fleeting taste of glory and how I was humbled by a thirteen-year-old.”
 Sea History is a quarterly magazine published by the National Maritime Historical Society (NMHS) focusing on naval and maritime history. It is edited by Deirdre O'Regan.
 The Naama War is a Dark Fantasy novel written by Charles R. Saunders and published independently in 2009 by Sword & Soul Media via the online press Lulu.
 Party Politics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Political Science. The journal's editors are David M Farrell and Paul Webb. It has been in publication since 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (TON) is a scientific journal that focuses on communication networks. It is sponsored by the IEEE Communications Society the IEEE Computer Society and the ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communications (SIGCOMM).In a 2009 report the journal had the second highest impact factor among all computer science journals.
 The Himalayan Beacon known until 2006 simply as BEACON is a monthly news-magazine published in Darjeeling by The Mandalay Books India (Pvt.) Ltd. and distributed throughout Darjeeling Hills and Sikkim. It is now owned by The Mandalay Books India (Pvt.) Ltd. which publishes other periodicals including the weekly newspaper This Week and The Himalayan Traveller. BEACON is the largest and the first magazine to be published by and for the Darjeeling Hills.
 Classical and Quantum Gravity is a peer-reviewed journal that covers all aspects of gravitational physics and the theory of spacetime. Its scope includesClassical general relativity Applications of relativity Experimental gravitation Cosmology and the early universe Quantum gravity Supergravity superstrings and supersymmetry Mathematical physics relevant to gravitationThe editor-in-chief is Clifford M Will at the Washington University in St.
 Electric Brae: A Modern Romance was the first novel by Scottish writer Andrew Greig. The title is a reference to Electric Brae in Ayrshire where a natural optical illusion makes it seem that things can roll uphill.
 Footsteps of Fate (Dutch: Noodlot) is a novel written by Louis Couperus and published in 1891. Footsteps of Fate was first published in the Dutch magazine De Gids (October 1890). In 1891 the novel was translated into English by Clara Bell and published under the title Footsteps of Fate. The first two Dutch editions were published by Elsevier (in 1891 and 1893); the second to eighth editions were published by L. J.
 An African in Greenland is a 1981 book by the Togolese author Tété-Michel Kpomassie.
 The Hidden Window Mystery is the thirty-fourth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1956 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 Sunwing is a children's book written in 1999 by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel. It is the second book in the Silverwing series preceded by Silverwing and succeeded by Firewing.
 The Ant and Bee stories are a collection of small-format hardback books written by Angela Banner.The first volume was published in the United Kingdom in 1950 and the last in 1972 by Edmund Ward Limited later Kaye & Ward. At least some volumes were published in the United States by Franklin Watts Inc. The books were reprinted by Trafalgar Square Publishing in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
 In the Company of Cheerful Ladies is the sixth in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Gaborone Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.
 The Great Russian Encyclopedia (Russian: Большая российская энциклопедия or БРЭ transliterated as Bolshaya rossiyskaya entsiklopediya or academically as Bolšaja rossijskaja enciklopedija) is a new universal Russian encyclopedia to be completed in 35 volumes published since 2004 by Bolshaya Rossiyskaya Entsiklopediya publisher.
 Pakistan Today is a Pakistani English-language daily newspaper published by Nawa Media Corporation from three Pakistani cities – Lahore Punjab; Karachi Sindh; and Islamabad Islamabad Capital Territory.
 Demons is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by J.M. Dillard.
 The Journal of Advertising is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering significant intellectual development pertaining to advertising theories and their relationship with practice. The Journal of Advertising is owned by the American Academy of Advertising and published by M. E. Sharpe.
 Bad Science: The Short Life and Weird Times of Cold Fusion is book of science history by Gary Taubes about the early years (1989–1991) of the cold fusion controversy. It is not a scholarly work but a popular retelling of the events based on interviews with over 260 people. The book presents a timeline of the events making the case that the cold fusion field has many examples of poorly performed science. The actions of Martin Fleischmann Stanley Pons and Steven E.
 Unintended Consequences is a novel by John Ross first published in 1996 by Accurate Press. The story chronicles the history of the gun culture gun rights and gun control in the United States from the early 1900s through the late 1990s. Although clearly a work of fiction the story is heavily laced with historical information including real-life historical figures who play minor supporting roles.
 Mammoths Sabertooths and Hominids: 65 Million Years of Mammalian Evolution in Europe is a book written by Jordi Agustí and illustrated by Mauricio Antón. It was first published in 2002 by Columbia University Press.The book is a journey through 65 million years of palaeontological records from the extinction of the dinosaurs to just before present.
 The Sunday Times owned by News Corp Australia is a tabloid Sunday newspaper printed in Perth and distributed throughout Western Australia.
 How to Read Nancy is an essay by Mark Newgarden and Paul Karasik originally published in The Best of Ernie Bushmiller’s Nancy by Brian Walker (Henry Holt/Comicana 1988). The piece examines the comic strip Nancy focusing on Bushmiller’s use of the comics language in to deliver a gag. Finding correspondences to the minimalist architecture of Mies Van Der Rohe the essay calls Nancy a complex amalgam of formal rules laid out by [its] designer.
 Ways to Live Forever is a children's novel by Sally Nicholls first published in 2008. The author's debut novel it was written when Nicholls was 23 years old.It won the 2008 Waterstone's Children's Book Prize 2008 Glen Dimplex (Irish) New Writers Award 2008 German Luchs des Jahres and 2009 Bristol-based Concorde Children's Book Award. It was shortlisted for the 2009 Manchester Book Award.
 Larry and the Meaning of Life is the third installment in author Janet Tashjian's novel series about anti-consumerist web guru Josh Larry Swensen. It is the sequel to The Gospel According to Larry and Vote for Larry. It was released on September 16 2008.The novel centers around a revelation Josh experiences at Walden Pond. Tashjian has stated that this book will be more comedic in nature than the previous installments calling it a laugh-out-loud page-turner.
 Family Relations is a peer reviewed academic journal published on behalf of the National Council on Family Relations by Wiley-Blackwell. It covers family studies and social work research educational practices or philosophies and professional development for researchers educators family policy specialists and family practitioners.
 Winged Creatures is a drama novel written by Roy Freirich. Rowan Woods has directed a film based on the book.
 Shadows Return is the fourth book in Lynn Flewelling's Nightrunner series. It is preceded by Luck in the Shadows Stalking Darkness and Traitor's Moon and followed by The White Road.With their most treacherous mission yet behind them heroes Seregil and Alec resume their double life as dissolute nobles and master spies. But in a world of rivals and charmers fate has a different plan.
 Sacrifice is the fifth book in the Legacy of the Force series. The book is written by Karen Traviss and was released on May 29 2007.
 Happy Seven (はっぴぃセブン 〜ざ·テレビまんが〜 Happy 7 ~The TV Manga~) is an anime series which consists of 13 episodes that began airing in Japan October 2 2005. The original story was by Hiroyuki Kawasaki. It was directed by Tsutomu Yabuki and produced by Studio Hibari and Trinet Entertainment.
 From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler is a novel by E. L. Konigsburg. It was published by Atheneum in 1967 the second book published from two manuscripts the new writer had submitted to editor Jean E.
 Dragon's Claw is the title of an action-adventure novel by Peter O'Donnell which was first published in 1978 featuring the character Modesty Blaise which O'Donnell had created for a comic strip in the early 1960s. It was the ninth book to feature the character.
 Shikufitzky is a comic strip appearing in the weekly Jewish magazine Mishpacha.[1]Shikufitzky is also the books of short comics about their family
 The Medusa Stone is an adventure novel by Jack Du Brul. This is the third book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Phillip Mercer.
 The Year of the Hangman is a young adult alternate history novel written by Gary Blackwood and published in 2002. It was a School Library Journal Best Book of the Year in 2002.
 Humana.Mente – Journal of Philosophical Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy. Each issue focuses on a specific theme selected from among critical topics in the contemporary philosophical debate and is edited by a specialist on the subject usually an emerging researcher with both philosophical and scientific competence. The editor-in-chief is Duccio Manetti (University of Florence).
 Noblesse Oblige: An Enquiry Into the Identifiable Characteristics of the English Aristocracy (1956) is a book edited by Nancy Mitford illustrated by Osbert Lancaster caricaturist of English manners and published by Hamish Hamilton. The anthology comprises four brief essays by Nancy Mitford Alan S. C.
 A Charmed Life is a 1955 novel written by American novelist Mary McCarthy.
 Young Comic (ヤングコミック Yangu Komikku) is a long-running Japanese seinen manga magazine started in 1967 as a magazine for teenage boys competing with titles like Manga Action and Big Comic. Today it targets a young adult male audience ith contents tilting heavily toward sex nudity and gratuitous fan service. It is published monthly by Shonen Gahosha as a sister publication to Young King. Its circulation in 2008 was reported at 112000 copies.
 Maledicta The International Journal of Verbal Aggression is an academic journal dedicated to the study of offensive and negatively valued words and expressions also known as maledictology. Its main areas of interest are the origin etymology meaning use and influence of vulgar obscene aggressive abusive and blasphemous language. It was published from 1977 until 2005. The publisher founder and editor-in-chief is Reinhold Aman.
 Among the Impostors is a 2001 book by Margaret Peterson Haddix about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation. It is the second of seven novels in the Shadow Children series.
 Rotten is a 1994 autobiographical book by John Lydon Keith Zimmerman and Kent Zimmerman.The book was named one of the 25 greatest rock memoirs of all time by Rolling Stone magazine.
 A Deepness in the Sky is a Hugo Award–winning science fiction novel by Vernor Vinge. Published in 1999 the novel is a loose prequel (set twenty thousand years earlier) to his earlier novel A Fire Upon the Deep (1992). The title is coined by one of the story's main characters in a debate in a reference to the hibernating habits of his species and to the vastness of space.
 PlayStation World (PSW) was a monthly video games magazine that covered the PlayStation brand. The pages were featured news previews reviews and letter pages. The magazine had a circulation of 17132 along with a readership of 210000. On 13 August 2009 Future Publishing announced it was to close the PSW magazine citing decreasing demand as the reason for the publication's closure.PSW magazine also included a DVD; showing clips trailers reviews and previews of the latest games.
 The Machine God Laughs is an anthology of three science fiction short stories edited anonymously by William L. Crawford. It was published by Griffin Publishing Company during 1949 in an edition of 1200 copies. The stories were published originally in the magazine Fantasy Book.
 Official PlayStation Magazine (Ireland) was a TP Media monthly gaming publication.
 Quartered Safe Out Here are George MacDonald Fraser's memoirs of his service in the 14th Army during the latter stages of the Burma Campaign in World War II notably the Battle of Meiktila and Mandalay.The book was a favourite of David Mamet.
 Count on the Saint is a collection of two mystery novellas by Graham Weaver and Donne Avenell continuing the adventures of the sleuth Simon Templar aka The Saint created by Leslie Charteris.
 Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space (1994) is a non-fiction book by Carl Sagan. It is the sequel to Cosmos: A Personal Voyage and was inspired by the Pale Blue Dot photograph for which Sagan provides a poignant description. In this book Sagan mixes philosophy about the human place in the universe with a description of the current knowledge about the Solar System. He also details a human vision for the future.
 The International Journal of Shape Modeling covers theories and techniques with regard to handling the shape of objects focusing on disciplines roles and applications. Shape modeling should be intended both in a creative and an analytical sense. This includes articles on shape characteristics as well as mathematical theory in differential geometry and the like. The multi-disciplinary journal was published by World Scientific until 2010.
 Compiler (コンパイラ) is a two-part anime original video animation.Compiler (as in a computer compiler) is an anime based on the manga by Kia Asamiya which features two girls Compiler and Assembler who arrived on earth from 2-D cyberspace to play a game in which they will delete the real world and reform it. However they move in with two young men called Toshi and Nachi and lose interest in the game.
 Aria (アリア) is a utopian science fantasy manga by Kozue Amano. The series was originally titled Aqua (アクア Akua) when it was published by Enix in the magazine Monthly Stencil being retitled when it moved to Mag Garden's magazine Comic Blade. Aqua was serialized in Stencil from 2001 to 2002 and collected in two tankōbon volumes. Aria was serialized in Comic Blade from November 2002 to April 2008 and collected in twelve volumes.
 Don't Say Anymore Darling (それを言ったらおしまいよ Sore wo Ittara Oshimai Yo) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Fumi Yoshinaga.The series is licensed and published in English in North America by Digital Manga Publishing under its June imprint.
 Flags of Our Fathers (2000) is a New York Times bestselling book by James Bradley with Ron Powers about the five United States Marines and one United States Navy Corpsman who would eventually be made famous by Joe Rosenthal's lauded photograph of the flag raising at Iwo Jima one of the costliest and most horrifying battles of World War II's Pacific Theater.
 The Journal of English Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Linguistics. The journal's editors are Anne Curzan (University of Michigan) and Robin Queen (University of Michigan). It has been in publication since 1967 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Island of the Lizard King is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Ian Livingstone and illustrated by Alan Langford. Originally published by Puffin Books in 1984 the title is the seventh gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002.
 Trading Secrets (French: Confidence pour confidence) is a 1998 novel by the French writer Paule Constant. It received the Prix Goncourt.
 BirGün (One Day) is an Istanbul-based Turkish left-wing daily. The paper was founded in 2004 by a group of Turkish intellectuals. The most important point of the newspaper is that it is not owned by any parent company or conglomerate. Since its foundation the newspaper had to face serious pressures from publishing trusts mainly to affiliated with Doğan Media Group that owns the vast majority of the market.
 Özgür Gündem (English: Free Agenda) is a Turkish newspaper reporting on the Kurdish-Turkish conflict. Under accusations of making propaganda for the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) its editors and staff have frequently been arrested and tried and resulted in multiple publication bans within Turkey. The paper started publishing in May 1992. Since April 1994 the publication continued under different names until Özgür Gündem was relaunched on 14 April 2011.
 The Killer (Le Tueur) is a French comic book by writer Matz and artist Luc Jacamon which follows the life of an unnamed assassin.
 Suzuka (涼風) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kouji Seo. The series is a character-driven romance story that uses the athletics of track and field as a subplot.
 Pious is a thriller novel by American author Kenn Bivins published in October 2010. The novel chronicles the reactions of Carpious Mightson and his neighbors when registered sex offender Ian Kaplan moves into the family-friendly neighborhood Mechi Lane.Carpious is an esteemed charismatic leader in his community but it is slowly revealed that there is a duality about him.
 My Sweet Audrina is a 1982 novel by V. C. Andrews. It was the only standalone novel without incest published during Andrews' lifetime. It was a number one best-selling novel in North America published in between If There Be Thorns and Seeds of Yesterday before the publication of Heaven. The story takes place in the Southeastern United States during the 1960s—70s.
 'Salem's Lot is a 1975 horror fiction novel written by the American author Stephen King. It was his second published novel. The story involves a writer named Ben Mears who returns to the town where he lived as a boy between the ages of 9 through 13 (Jerusalem's Lot or 'Salem's Lot for short) in Maine to discover that the residents are all becoming vampires.
 The Most Dangerous Game is a first person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall first published in 1964. The plot of the novel is totally different from the Richard Connell short story The Most Dangerous Game.
 Shuffle! (シャッフル! Shaffuru!) is a Japanese visual novel developed by Navel. It was originally released as an adult game for Microsoft Windows on January 30 2004. It was subsequently followed by an all-ages release for the PlayStation 2 (PS2) and an expanded adult release for Windows. The Windows version was localized in English by MangaGamer in 2009.
 Simisola is a 1994 novel by British crime writer Ruth Rendell. It features her recurring detective Inspector Wexford and is the 16th in the series. Though a murder mystery the book also touches on the themes of racism and welfare dependency.
 The Young Lion is an historical novel by Blanche d'Alpuget. It is set in the 12th century and is the first in a future quartet about the Plantagenet dynasty which reigned in the Middle Ages. The book tells the story of Eleanor of Aquitaine and the restless and bold Henry Plantagenet who later became Henry II of England.
 A is for Alien is Caitlin R. Kiernan's fifth short story collection her first devoted entirely to her science fiction work. It was published by Subterranean Press in 2009. Cover art was provided by Jacek Yerka and interior illustrations by Vince Locke. The book closes with an afterword by Elizabeth Bear. 'Ode' to Katan Amano originally appeared in Kiernan's 2005 collection of weird erotica Frog Toes and Tentacles.
 A Fall of Moondust is a hard science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1961. It was nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Novel and was the first science fiction novel selected to become a Reader's Digest Condensed Book.
 The Journal of Economic History is an academic journal of economic history which has been published since 1941. Many of its articles are quantitative often following the formal approaches that have been called cliometrics or the new economic history to make statistical estimates.The journal is published on behalf of the Economic History Association by Cambridge University Press. Its editors are Jean-Laurent Rosenthal and Paul W. Rhode. Its 2009 impact factor is 0.691.
 The Opener of the Way is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Robert Bloch. It was released in 1945 and was the author's first book. It was published by Arkham House in an edition of 2065 copies. A British hardcover was issued by Neville Spearman in 1974 with Panther Books issuing a two-volume paperback reprint in 1976. An Italian translation with the stories reordered appeared in 1991.
 Kiss Me Judas is a 1998 neo-noir novel by the American author Will Christopher Baer. The book was first published on October 1 1998 through Viking Press and follows the character of Phineas Poe after he wakes up in a hotel bathtub full of ice to discover that somebody has removed one of his kidneys.
 Feminist Africa is a peer-reviewed academic journal that addresses feminist topics from an African continental perspective. It is published by the African Gender Institute (University of Cape Town). Its founding editor-in-chief is Amina Mama (Mills College and University of California Davis). It was accredited in 2005 by the South African Department of Education. This allows authors publishing in the journal to collect publication subsidy.
 The Pickup is a 2001 novel by South African writer Nadine Gordimer. It tells the story of a couple: Julie Summers a white woman from a financially secure family and Abdu an illegal Arab immigrant in South Africa. After Abdu's visa is refused the couple returns to his unnamed homeland where she is the alien. Her experiences and growth as an alien in another culture form the heart of the work.
 Republican News was a longstanding newspaper/magazine published by Sinn Féin.
 Brick is a biannual literary magazine established in 1977. It publishes literary and creative non-fiction.
 Nova Religio (subtitled The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions) is a peer-reviewed religious studies journal that focuses on New Religious Movements. The journal is published by University of California Press in Berkeley California. First published in 1997 as a biannual Nova Religio changed to a quarterly format in 2005.
 Riders of the Purple Wage is a science fiction novella by Philip José Farmer. It appeared in Dangerous Visions the famous New Wave science fiction anthology compiled by Harlan Ellison in 1967 and won the Hugo Award for best novella in 1968 jointly with Weyr Search by Anne McCaffrey.
 The Journal of Palliative Medicine is the official academic journal of both the Center to Advance Palliative Care and the Hospice and Palliative Nurses Association covering aspects of end of life medical care. It is known in the field by the acronym 'JPM.' Until 2008 it was the official journal of the American Association of Hospice and Palliative Medicine.
 The Double Jinx Mystery is the fiftieth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1973 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams. This volume details the story of a family zoo and aviary believed to have been jinxed by people out to take their land for high rise development. Nancy Drew and her friends must get to the bottom of the mystery before they are jinxed themselves.
 Plant Cell Reports is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. It was established in 1981 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Vedmurti Taponishth Pt. Shriram Sharma Acharya (Jeevan Charit) is the biography of Shriram Sharma Acharyaan Indian seer sage a visionary of the New Golden Era and the Founder of the All World Gayatri Pariwar in Maithili written by Binod Bihari Verma published in 2005.
 Heroes of Tobruk is a young adult historical novel written by David Mulligan. It is set in Italian North Africa during World War II and was first published by Scholastic in 2008.
 The Bachelors is a novel written in 1960 by the Scottish author Muriel Spark referred to by The New York Times as the most gifted and innovative British novelist. It follows a group of British bachelors whose misogynistic world is shattered when they suddenly find themselves the target of blackmail and fraud.
 Journal of New Music Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on musicology (including music theory) philosophy psychology acoustics computer science engineering and other disciplines. Articles deal with theory analysis composition performance uses of music instruments and other music technologies. The journal was established in 1972 under the title Interface and is published by Routledge. The editor-in-chief is Alan Marsden (Lancaster University).
 America's Great Depression is a 1963 treatise on the 1930s Great Depression and its root causes written by Austrian School economist and author Murray Rothbard. The fifth edition was released in 2000.
 Slinky Malinki Open The Door first published in 1994 is one of the well-known series of books by New Zealand author Lynley Dodd featuring the mischievous cat Slinky Malinki.Written for pre-school children with rhythmic rhyming text it has become a best-selling bedtime storybook in New Zealand.
 The Daily Reveille has been since 1887 the student newspaper at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge Louisiana. It prints Monday through Friday during the fall and spring semesters and twice a week (Tuesdays and Thursdays) during the summer semester. The Daily Reveille has a daily circulation of about 14000 copies.
 Good Words was a 19th-century monthly periodical in the United Kingdom. It was established in 1860 by Scottish publisher Alexander Strahan. Its first editor was Norman Macleod; after his death in 1872 it was edited by his brother Donald Macleod. There is some evidence that at this time the publishing was taken over by W. Isbister & Co.Good Words was directed at evangelicals and nonconformists particularly of the lower middle class.
 The Englishman's Boy is a novel by Guy Vanderhaeghe published in 1996 by McClelland and Stewart which won the Governor General's Award for English language fiction in 1996 and was nominated for the Giller Prize. It deals with the events of the Cypress Hills Massacre (1873) as told 50 years later to a young screenwriter in Hollywood by the last living survivor.
 The Diviners is a 2012 young adult novel by Libba Bray. The book was published on September 18 2012 by Little Brown Books for Young Readers and is set in New York City during the 1920s.
 The Innovator's Dilemma: When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail generally referred to as The Innovator's Dilemma is the most well-known work of the Harvard professor and businessman Clayton Christensen.
 Dawn of the Emperors: Thyatis and Alphatia is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Coming of Conan is a collection of eight fantasy short stories by American writer Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery heroes Kull and Conan the Barbarian together with the first part of his pseudo-history of the Hyborian Age in which the Conan tales were set. It was first published in hardcover in the United States by Gnome Press in 1953 and by Boardman Books in the United Kingdom in 1954. The stories originally appeared in the 1930s in the fantasy magazine Weird Tales.
 Salam (Peace in English) was a Persian newspaper published in Iran. It was very influential publication in the country during its brief existence from 1991 to 1999.
 Attajdid (The Renewal in English) is a Moroccan newspaper which is published in Arabic.
 Kartanonherra ja kaunis Kirstin (Finnish: The Lord of the Mansion and the Beautiful Kirstin) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Fletch is a 1974 mystery novel by Gregory Mcdonald the first in a series featuring the character Irwin Maurice Fletcher.
 Christian Today is a non-denominational Christian news company with its international headquarters in London England.The website was established in 2000 to serve the Christian community worldwide with up-to-date news on the global church and current affairs from a Christian perspective.
 Shakespeare Bulletin is an academic journal founded in 1982. The journal focuses exclusively on performance studies and scholarly treatment of Shakespearean and early modern drama on stage and screen. Each issue contains original articles as well as theatre film and book reviews. Theatre coverage encompasses the United States Canada the United Kingdom and many other countries. In 1992 the Bulletin incorporated the Shakespeare on Film Newsletter which had been in publication since 1976.
 Mo Said She Was Quirky is a novel by James Kelman first published in 2012 This novel is Kelman's first which is set in London and also his first to feature a female principal character.
 The Blowing Rocket is a weekly newspaper in Blowing Rock North Carolina USA. In 2002 the Rocket had a paid circulation of 3530.The newspaper was created as a tabloid by state Senator C.V. Henkel in June 1932. During the 1930s and 1940s it was a seasonal newspaper published only during the months of June July and August.
 Long Lost is a novel by American writer Harlan Coben. It is the ninth novel in his series of a crime solver and sports agent named Myron Bolitar.
 Shook was an underground independently produced British music magazine based in London which covered various forms of black music and electronic music.The magazine covered the current black music scene in both the UK and around the rest of the world.
 The List is a publisher and events listings data provider based in Edinburgh Scotland.Originally launched in 1985 as a fortnightly arts and entertainment magazine covering Edinburgh and Glasgow the company's activities now include events data gathering content syndication and running a network of websites carrying UK-wide listings and editorial covering film eating & drinking the Edinburgh Festivals.
 Follow the Rabbit-Proof Fence is an Australian book by Doris Pilkington. Based on a true story the book is a personal account of an indigenous Australian family's experiences as members of the Stolen Generation – the forced removal of mixed-race children from their families during the early 20th century.
 Bicycle Days is the debut novel by American author John Burnham Schwartz published in 1989 on his 24th birthday. It began as an undergraduate thesis for Harvard's East Asian Studies department and became a critically acclaimed bestseller. It was inspired by his time living in Japan.
 Last Men in London (1932) is a science fiction novel by Olaf Stapledon.The narrator is the same member of the eighteenth and final human species who purportedly induced Stapledon to write Last and First Men.
 The Chelsea Murders (known in the USA as Murder Games) is a thriller by Lionel Davidson. The book won the Crime Writers' Association's Gold Dagger Award.
 My Brother My Executioner is a novel by Filipino author Francisco Sionil José written in Philippine English. A part of the so-called Rosales Saga - a series of five interconnected fiction novels - My Brother My Executioner ranks third in terms of chronology. In the United States My Brother My Executioner was published as a second part of the book Don Vicente together with Tree another novel which is also a part of José’s Rosales Saga.
 The Meaning of Life and Other Awesome Cosmic Revelations: Three Curious Tales is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer. It was first published as a paperback booklet by Chris Drumm in August 1988 as Drumm booklet #30. It was reprinted by Borgo Press in 1989.The collection consists of three short stories with a limerick laid in. There is also one illustration by the author. All the pieces are original to the collection.
 Lone Star Dinosaurs is a book written by Louis L. Jacobs and published in 1995. It concerns the history of dinosaurs in Texas and the people who found their remains. Most of the dinosaurs in the book are from the Cretaceous age and a few of the dinosaurs include Pleurocoelus Alamosaurus Tenontosaurus Tyrannosaurus rex and the pterosaur Quetzalcoatlus. The stories within the book were compiled directly from the people who found the fossils.
 The Art Of The Sale - Learning From The Masters About The Business Of Life is a non-fiction book by author and journalist Philip Delves Broughton. He also authored his bestseller Ahead of the Curve. The book was published by Penguin Press in 2012. It analyses the role of persuasion in everyday life and the qualities of effective salespeople. The author had international travels to learn the art and science of selling.
 The Signal is the official student newspaper of Georgia State University in Atlanta Georgia. As of 2013 The Signal has a weekly circulation of 5000 distributed to numerous locations on the Georgia State campus and a handful of locations in the surrounding area. The paper publishes on Tuesdays during Spring and Fall semesters (in addition to an Incept issue for incoming students in the Summer).
 Goodbye to Berlin is a 1939 short novel by Christopher Isherwood set in Weimar Germany. It is often published together with Mr Norris Changes Trains in a collection called The Berlin Stories.
 Filmfare is an English-language tabloid-sized magazine about Hindi-language cinema (which is popularly known as Bollywood). The magazine is published by The Times Group India's largest media services conglomerate. Filmfare is the most popular entertainment magazine in India.[citation needed]
 Rural Denmark and Its Lessons is a non fiction book by H. Rider Haggard based on his tour of Denmark.
 The Flames (subtitled 'A Fantasy') is a science fiction novella by the writer and philosopher Olaf Stapledon. It was published by Secker and Warburg in 1947.
 Psychological Assessment is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1989 and covers research in clinical psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Cecil R. Reynolds.
 The Papers of Tony Veitch is a crime novel by William McIlvanney. This book is the second in the series featuring the character Laidlaw. This series of books is recognised as the foundation of the Tartan Noir genre.
 The IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security is a scientific journal published by the IEEE Signal Processing Society (IEEE SPS). It is dedicated to the study of security and forensic methods systems and applications via information extraction and analysis. Its inaugural issue was published in March 2006.
 The Journal Pioneer is a daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Summerside Prince Edward Island Canada.Two men named Bernard and Burtram founded the Summerside Journal a weekly newspaper in 1865. Under the leadership of A.R. Brennan the Journal began publishing daily on September 21 1939 in order to provide regular news of World War II. After the war the Journal cut down to twice-weekly publication then tri-weekly in 1949 after it closed a sister paper The P.E.
 Lippincott's Monthly Magazine was a 19th-century literary magazine published in Philadelphia from 1868 to 1915 when it relocated to New York to become McBride's Magazine. It merged with Scribner's Magazine in 1916.Lippincott's published original works general articles and literary criticism.
 Seedling is the thirteenth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 A Great and Terrible Beauty is the first novel in the Gemma Doyle Trilogy by Libba Bray. It is told from the perspective of Gemma Doyle a girl in the year 1895.Gemma leaves her home in India to go to a boarding school in England after her mother dies. Once there she is plagued by clairvoyant visions as she looks into the magical secrets of the school with her three friends Felicity Worthington Pippa Cross and Ann Bradshaw.
 Quintana Roo is a 1984 horror novel by Gary Brandner. The novel is set in the Quintana Roo region of Mexico during the The Second World War.
 Furrlough is a furry comic book originally published by Antarctic Press and continued by Radio Comix. It is edited by Elin Winkler and is nicknamed (dubbed) Your Funny Animal Anthology.First published in 1991 Furrlough originally featured military-themed comic book stories with anthropomorphic characters. But as more issues were published the comic expanded to also include action adventure fantasy and sci-fi stories as well.
 Sleepless is a science fiction and noir detective novel by Charlie Huston published in 2010.Set in California in a dystopic alternate present the novels portrays a world wracked by a sleepnessness pandemic caused by a prion. About ten percent of the population are infected and unable to find sleep die painfully within a year. Society is on the verge of breakdown and armed bands have turned much of the U.S. into a war zone.
 I Jedi is a novel written by Michael A. Stackpole that is set in the Star Wars galaxy. It was the first Star Wars novel written in the first-person perspective of a character never seen in the movies.The novel takes place around the same time as Kevin J. Anderson's Jedi Academy Trilogy. Like the Jedi Academy Trilogy I Jedi is notable in that it provides a detailed first-hand look at the training of a Jedi Knight. The novel revisits many of the situations first presented by Anderson.
 Biocatalysis & Biotransformation is an academic journal that provides coverage of the application both actual and potential of biological catalysts including whole cells or isolated components thereof natural and modified enzymes and catalytic antibodies for the synthesis interconversion or degradation of chemical species. It is published by Informa Healthcare.
 An Inquiry into the Modern Prevailing Notions of the Freedom of the Will which is Supposed to be Essential to Moral Agency Virtue and Vice Reward and Punishment Praise and Blame or simply The Freedom of the Will is a work by Christian reformer theologian and author Jonathan Edwards which uses the text of Romans 9:16 as its basis. It was first published in 1754 and examines the nature and the status of humanity's will.
 Bhopal is a play by Canadian playwright Rahul Varma about the Bhopal disaster.
 The Bones of Avalon is a novel in first-person narrative mode by Phil Rickman. It is about John Dee who investigates undercover on Her Majesty's Service. It was followed by The Heresy of Dr Dee.
 Opera News is an American classical music magazine. It has been published since 1936 by the Metropolitan Opera Guild a non-profit organization located at Lincoln Center which was founded to engender the appreciation of opera and also support the Metropolitan Opera of New York City. Opera News was initially focused primarily on the Met particularly providing information for listeners of the Saturday afternoon live Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts.
 Song of Scarabaeus is a 2010 science fiction novel with a touch of romance by Australian author Sara Creasy published by Harper Voyager. Released on 27 April 2010 it is the first in a two-novel series the second being Children of Scarabaeus (released in 2011).
 The Prairie: A Tale (1827) is a novel by James Fenimore Cooper the third novel written by him featuring Natty Bumppo. His fictitious frontier hero Bumppo is never called by his name but is instead referred to as the trapper or the old man. Chronologically The Prairie is the fifth and final installment of the Leatherstocking Tales though it was published before The Pathfinder (1841) and The Deerslayer (1842).
 Rally Point is a military fantasy novel by David Sherman. It is set in a world where demons may be tamed and used to serve somewhat in the sense of technology. It is the second novel in Sherman's DemonTech series.
 The Albany Herald is the daily newspaper for Albany Georgia (United States).
 Emotional Intelligence 2.0 is a 2009 business book by authors Travis Bradberry and Jean Greaves that describes the importance of emotional intelligence to job performance and how individuals and companies can develop emotional intelligence skills through the combination of skill evaluation and the use of research-based strategies.
 Wild Blood (1999) is a fantasy novel by Kate Thompson. It concludes the stories of Tess a young Irish shapeshifter (or Switcher as they are called in the novel) and Kevin a former Switcher. It also introduces several other characters such as Tess's three cousins and their father Maurice.
 The Far Reaches is a 2007 novel by American author Homer Hickam and the third novel in the Josh Thurlow series. The book was published on June 12 2007 through Thomas Dunne Books and takes place during World War II following the adventures of Coast Guard captain Josh Thurlow. Of the book Hickam stated that he drew from his experiences in Vietnam while writing the book's South Pacific combat scenes.
 Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations is a book by Clay Shirky published by Penguin Press in 2008 on the effect of the Internet on modern group dynamics and organization. The author considers examples such as Wikipedia and MySpace in his analysis.
 The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History is a non-fiction book covering various issues in U.S. history by Thomas E. Woods published in December 2004. This book was the first in the Politically Incorrect Guide series published by Regnery Publishing who view the series as covering topics without consideration for political correctness. The book was a top seller on Amazon.com reaching No. 2 and was present on The New York Times best-seller list for many weeks.
 Asian Culture (Yazhou Wenhua 亞洲文化) is the official journal of the Singapore Society of Asian Studies. It is a bilingual refereed journal and was first published in February 1983. Asian Culture started off as a biannual journal until 1990 when it became an annual journal. The current Chief Editor is Leo Suryadinata the Director of the Chinese Heritage Centre and President of the Singapore Society of Asian Studies.
 The Secret of Dr. Honigberger (Romanian: Secretul doctorului Honigberger) is a 1940 novella by the Romanian writer Mircea Eliade. It centres on the search for a 19th-century physician named Johann Martin Honigberger who disappeared in India while searching for the invisible kingdom Shambhala as well as his early 20th-century biographer who has also disappeared.Honigberger has existed and was a physician and ethnographer who travelled in Asia in the 19th century.
 Lenin and Philosophy and Other Essays (French: Lénine et la Philosophie) is one of the chief works of Louis Althusser. First published in 1968 it was published in English translation in 1971.
 Burhi Aair Sadhu or Burhi Aai'r Xaadhu (Assamese: বুঢ়ী আইৰ সাধু) (literally translated to Grandma's Tales) is a collection of stories or folklore that have been compiled by famous Assamese author and poet Lakshminath Bezbaruah. It is one of the most popular texts in Assamese literature. This book was first published on October–November in 1911. After the first publication 100 years have been passed and countless editions of the book have been published till now.
 The Moon Goddess and the Son is a science fiction novel by American writer Donald Kingsbury expanded from a novella originally published in the December 1979 issue of Analog magazine. The Moon Goddess and the Son was a nominee for the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1980. Along with the novella Kingsbury and Roger Arnold published a nonfiction article describing the technologies used in the story for achieving cheap access to Low Earth orbit and beyond.
 Koko is a mystery novel written by Peter Straub and first published in the United States in 1988 by EP Dutton and in Great Britain by Viking. It was the winner of the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel in 1989.
 Anne of Green Gables is a bestselling 1908 novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery. Written as fiction for readers of all ages the literary classic has been considered a children's novel since the mid-twentieth century. It recounts the adventures of Anne Shirley a young orphan girl mistakenly sent to Matthew and Marilla Cuthbert a middle-aged brother and sister who have a farm on Prince Edward Island and who had intended to adopt a boy to help them.
 K-Machines is a 2006 science fiction novel by Damien Broderick. It is the sequel to Broderick's 2005 novel Godplayers. It follows the story of August Seebeck who is empowered with a killing device and finds himself moving world to world in a brutal and confusing game.
 Yoshinaga-san Chi no Gargoyle or Yoshinaga-san'chi no Gargoyle (chi is a variant of nchi abbreviation of no uchi) (吉永さん家のガーゴイル lit.: Gargoyle of Yoshinaga House) is a Japanese light novel series written by Sennendou Taguchi following Futaba Yoshinaga and his normal junior high school life with older brother Kazumi Yoshinaga who won a price of the wolf nicknamed Gar-kun.The series was first published in 2004 by Famitsu Bunko (Enterbrain) and is still currently running in Japan.
 Nature Reviews Urology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of urology. It was established in 2004 as Nature Clinical Practice Urology and obtained its current title in April 2009.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.793 ranking it 7th out of 73 journals in the category Urology & Nephrology.
 Race and Economics is a book by Thomas Sowell that analyzes the relationship between race and wealth in the United States specifically that of blacks. The book was initially published by David McKay Company in January 1975.
 Couples is a 1968 novel by American author John Updike.
 Voyage to Faremido (Hungarian: Utazás Faremidóba 1916)is an utopian-satirical novel by Frigyes Karinthy. Written as a travel of Gulliver it is a fictional shipwreck of a WWI pilot on a planet whose intelligent inhabitants are inorganic beings. The closing chapters elaborate that these beings not only understand the secrets of nature but they are the secret of nature themselves — they are nature personified.
 Summer and the City is a young-adult novel written by Candace Bushnell. The sequel to The Carrie Diaries it was first released as a hardcover on April 26 2011.
 Wolf in Shadow is a 1987 post-apocalyptic heroic fantasy novel by British author David Andrew Gemmell. It is similar to Gemmell's first book Legend in that Legend arose from Gemmell's own illness with cancer and Wolf in Shadow was written while he dealt with his mother's cancer and subsequent death.
 The International Journal of Urban and Regional Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Foundation for Urban and Regional Studies. It was established in 1977 and published quarterly until 2010. The journal covers urban and regional research topics from a social sciences perspective.
 Five Have Plenty Of Fun is the 14th novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1955.An American girl Berta stays with the five. Mysterious visitors to Kirrin island and a kidnapping combine to make this the adventure of a lifetime. Berta is hiding and only the famous five can protect her.
 Bert och badbrudarna (Swedish: Bert and the bath chicks) is a diary novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1993 it tells the story of Bert Ljung from 5 June to 23 August during the calendar year he turns 15 during the summer break between the 8th and 9th grade at school in Sweden. The book uses the 1992 almanac following the Gregorian calendar but no specific year is mentioned.Just like Berts bekännelser the book uses chapter names as well as dates.
 Tunnel People is an anthropological-journalistic account describing an underground homeless community in New York. It is written by war photographer and anthropologist Teun Voeten and was published by the Oakland based independent publishing house PM Press in 2010.
 Refugee Blues is a poem by W. H. Auden written in 1939 one of a number of poems Auden wrote in the mid- to late-1930s in blues and other popular metres for example the meter he used in his love poem Calypso written around the same time. The poem dramatizes the condition of Jewish refugees from Nazi Germany in the years before World War II especially the indifference and antagonism they faced when seeking asylum in the democracies of the period.
 Breakpoint is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by former United States intelligence and counterterrorism official Richard A. Clarke. It is his second novel. The book paints a dystopic prediction of the future.
 The concept of The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid originally appeared as an article by C. K. Prahalad and Stuart L. Hart in the business journal Strategy+Business. The article was followed by a book with the same title that discusses new business models targeted at providing goods and services to the poorest people in the world.
 Milk Closet is a 4 volume manga by Hitoshi Tomizawa. It began in the Afternoon (magazine) in 2000 and was finished in 2001 with four volumes.
 The Thought Gang is the second novel by English author Tibor Fischer published in 1994. According to the Bloomsbury Good Reading Guide (2003) it was 'one of the funniest and most imaginative novels of the last twenty years'.
 Strike the Blood (ストライク・ザ・ブラッド Sutoraiku za Buraddo) also known in short form as SutoBura (ストブラ) is a Japanese light novel series by Gakuto Mikumo with illustrations by Manyako. A manga adaptation began serialization in August 2012 in ASCII Media Works's Dengeki Daioh. A 24-episode television anime adaptation by Silver Link and Connect aired between October 4 2013 and March 28 2014 in Japan.
 Agent of Byzantium is a collection of short stories by Harry Turtledove centred on the exploits of the eponymous Basil Argyros a Byzantine secret agent. The stories are set in an alternate 14th century where Islam never existed and the great ancient empires of Byzantium (the Eastern Roman Empire) and Sassanid Persia survive.
 Royal Assassin is a book by Robin Hobb the second in her Farseer Trilogy. It was published in 1996.
 Angel's Hill (エンゼルの丘 Enzeru no Oka) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1960.
 God and the State is the best-known literary work of Russian anarchist Mikhail Bakunin.
 Germs: Biological Weapons and America's Secret War (2001) is a Simon & Schuster-published book describing biological weapons how humanity has dealt with them and our present capabilities of handling bioterrorism. It was written by The New York Times journalists Judith Miller Stephen Engelberg and William Broad and was the 2001 New York Times #1 Non-Fiction Bestseller the weeks of October 28 and November 4.
 80 Micro was a home computing magazine published by CWC/I publications (Wayne Green) between 1980 and 1988 about the TRS-80 microcomputer built by Tandy Corporation and sold through Radio Shack. The magazine featured program listings for the machine primarily written in BASIC and occasionally Z80 assembly language. These programs were printed in the magazine but could be purchased on cassette tape and diskette media under the name Load 80 to save some typing.
 The Bell Jar is American writer and poet Sylvia Plath's only novel originally published under the pseudonym Victoria Lucas in 1963. The novel is semi-autobiographical with the names of places and people changed. The book is often regarded as a roman à clef since the protagonist's descent into mental illness parallels Plath's own experiences with what may have been clinical depression. Plath committed suicide a month after its first UK publication.
 Evening News formerly known as The Evening News was an evening newspaper published in London from 1881 to 1980 reappearing briefly in 1987. It became highly popular under the control of the Harmsworth brothers. For a long time it maintained the largest daily sale of any evening newspaper in London. After financial struggles and falling sales it was eventually merged with its long-time rival the Evening Standard in 1980.
 Ransom was a 1973 novel by Australian author Jon Cleary the third to feature his detective hero Scobie Malone.
 BMC Nursing is an open access peer-reviewed nursing journal published by BioMed Central covering all aspects of nursing research training education and practice.
 The Ypsilanti Courier is a weekly newspaper based in Ypsilanti Michigan. The Ypsilanti Courier is part of Heritage Newspapers a conglomerate of weekly newspapers in Washtenaw County owned by 21st Century Media part of Digital First Media. The newspaper provides news life sports and entertainment news from Ypsilanti and Washtenaw County Michigan.
 3D World is a magazine and website published by Future plc whose main focus is animation visual effects videogame design illustration and architectural visualisation. 3D World appears every four weeks and is sold in the UK the US in mainland Europe Australia New Zealand South Africa and many other countries. It is also sold as a digital replica for tablet computers.
 The Fran Lebowitz Reader is a 1994 collection of comedic essays by writer Fran Lebowitz.The book is a compilation of essays from Lebowitz's previous bestsellers Metropolitan Life from 1978 and 1981's Social Studies.The book was reissued to include reference to the Martin Scorsese documentary film Public Speaking which illustrates the life and work of Lebowitz.
 La Dentellière (The Lacemaker) is a French novel by Pascal Lainé. It was awarded the Prix Goncourt (France's most prestigious literary award) in 1974. It was made into a film with Isabelle Huppert in 1977 (directed by Claude Goretta). It was translated into English by George Crowther in 1976 as A Web of Lace and in 2006 by David Dugan.
 Psychology in the Schools is a peer-reviewed academic journal published ten times per year by Wiley-Blackwell. The journal was established in 1964. Its current editor-in-chief is David E. McIntosh (Ball State University). The journal covers issues confronting school psychologists teachers counselors administrators and other personnel workers in schools and colleges public and private organizations.
 Climacteric is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of aging in men and women especially during the menopause and climacteric. As the official journal of the International Menopause Society Climacteric also publishes position statements and workshop proceedings from the society. Climacteric was established in 1998. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.986.
 Bomberman B-Daman Bakugaiden (ボンバーマン・ビーダマン爆外伝 Bombāman Bī-daman Bakugaiden) commonly abbreviated as BB-Daman Bakugaiden (Bビーダマン爆外伝) or BBB is a CoroCoro Comic series created by Koichi Mikata based on Bomberman and B-Daman. An animated television series was created and originally broadcast on Nagoya TV and TV Asahi at 17:00.
 Black Tide (1999) is a crime novel by Australian author Peter Temple. This is the second novel in the author's Jack Irish series.
 Naked Eye Magazine was a Canadian entertainment and lifestyle publication distributed by Brand U Media on a quarterly basis and then biannual basis.
 The East Bay Express (founded 1978) is an Oakland-based weekly newspaper serving the Berkeley Oakland and East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area. It is distributed throughout Alameda County and parts of Contra Costa County every Wednesday.
 The Phoenix New Times is a free weekly Phoenix Arizona newspaper put out every Thursday.
 The World Before was written by Karen Traviss and was published in October 2005. It is the third book in the Wess'Har Series.
 The Quoddy Tides is a newspaper published in Maine. The first issue was printed on November 29 1968. The paper covers news in the Washington county region.
 The Journal of Computational Acoustics (JCA) is a scientific journal in the field of computational acoustics covering ocean seismo- and aeroacoustics as well as computational methods and supercomputing. It was founded in 1993 and is published three times a year by World Scientific Publishing.
 The Tyranny of the Market is a book by Wharton School of Business professor Joel Waldfogel.
 Al-Mashriq (English: Where the Sun Rises) is a daily newspaper published in Iraq. It's the first Iraqi newspaper published in Baghdad and distributed in a number of countries in the world.
 The Scientist: Magazine of Life Sciences is a professional magazine intended for life scientists. Coverage includes reviews of widely noticed research papers informing its audience of current research updates to technology updates to career information profiles of scientists achieving notoriety as well as other columns and reports of interest to its audience.The editor-in-chief is Mary Beth Aberlin.
 The Man in the Dugout: Fifteen Big League Managers Speak Their Minds is a 1977 baseball book. It was edited by Donald Honig who interviewed 15 current and former Major League Baseball managers about their careers in professional baseball.
 Diário de Notícias is a Portuguese daily newspaper founded in Lisbon on December 29 1864 by Tomás Quintino Antunes and Eduardo Coelho. It gradually became one of the best known Portuguese newspapers. Nowadays Diário de Notícias along with Jornal de Notícias is owned by Controlinveste.During the 1870s and 1880s the novelist Eça de Queiroz then stationed in England in the Portuguese diplomatic service contributed occasional London letters to the newspaper.
 The Last Policeman is a 2012 American soft science fiction mystery novel by Ben H. Winters. It follows a police detective in New Hampshire as he investigates a suicide he believes was really a murder.
 A Crossbreed (Eine Kreuzung) is a short story by Franz Kafka.The story is about an animal that is half-kitten half-lamb. The narrator describes how the creature has characteristics of each breed of animal yet also has distinctive attributes of its own. In much of the story great care is taken to describe the animal's peculiar eating habits (e.g. drinking milk while showing fangs).
 The Spectacular Scarlet Spider is a comic book series starring the Scarlet Spider published by Marvel Comics for two issues from November 1995 to December 1995.The book was a direct continuation in terms of creative teams and storylines of the The Spectacular Spider-Man series which the title temporarily replaced for two months between issues 229 and 230.It was one of four briefly published books which featured the character.
 Classic Stories 2: From A Medicine for Melancholy and S Is for Space is a semi-omnibus edition of two short story collections by Ray Bradbury A Medicine for Melancholy and S is for Space. Stories from the original collections that are included in Classic Stories 1 are omitted.
 English August: An Indian Story is a novel by Indian author Upamanyu Chatterjee written in English first published in 1988. It was adapted into a film of the same name in 1994.
 The Mailroom: Hollywood History from the Bottom Up is a book by David Rensin that accounts what it is like to work in the mailroom in Hollywood’s most prestigious talent agencies.
 The Doubtful Guest is a short illustrated book by Edward Gorey first published by Doubleday in 1957. It is the third of Gorey's books and shares with his others a sense of the absurd meticulous cross-hatching and a seemingly-Edwardian setting. The book begins with the sudden appearance of a strange creature in a turn-of-the-century manor house. An aristocratic family struggles to coexist with the creature who is by turns despondent and mischievous.
 La Plebe (The Worker) was an Italian newspaper that was published in Lodi from 1868-1875 then in Milan from 1875-1883.The editor was Enrico Bignami.
 Stamboul Train (1932) is a novel by author Graham Greene. Set on an Orient Express train (in fact the Ostende-Wien-Orient-Express) it was renamed Orient Express when it was published in the United States.
 The Children of Llyr is a fantasy novel by Evangeline Walton the second in a series of four based on the Welsh Mabinogion. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the thirty-third volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in August 1971. It has been reprinted a number of times since and gathered together with Walton's other Mabinogion novels by Overlook Press as the omnibus The Mabinogion Tetralogy in 2002.
 The Illustrated Mum is a children's novel by English author Jacqueline Wilson first published by Transworld in 1999 with drawings by Nick Sharratt. Set in London the first person narrative by a young girl Dolphin features her manic depressive mother Marigold nicknamed the illustrated mum because of her many tattoos.
 The Life of David Brainerd also called The Life and Diary of David Brainerd is a biography of David Brainerd by evangelical theologian Jonathan Edwards first published in 1749 under the title An Account of the Life of the Late Rev. David Brainerd. The work was taken from Brainerd's own diary but was substantially changed by Edwards in order to better present an example of a man who countered the Arminian viewpoint.
 Carbon Grey is a comic book mini-series created by artist Hoang Nguyen (Punisher: War Zone Alien Legion) and published by Image Comics. Set against the backdrop of a great war the series follows twin sisters Mathilde and Giselle Grey members of a noble family dedicated to protecting the Kaiser of Mitteleuropa as they struggle to reconcile duty with their own beliefs and ambitions.
 Ladder of Years is a 1995 novel by Anne Tyler.
 Wesleying is a blog dedicated to stories and news relating to student life at Wesleyan University in Middletown Connecticut. All of its content is written by current Wesleyan undergraduates. As an early example of a campus-wide student blog Wesleying provided inspiration to several other college blogs and local publications.
 The Time We Have Taken is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Steven Carroll. It is the third in a sequence of novels following The Art of the Engine Driver and The Gift of Speed which follow the development of an outer Melbourne suburb from the 1950s to the 1970s.
 The Syrian World was a short-lived magazine devoted to the celebration and cultural diffusion of Syria which at the time consisted and referred to the modern day states and territories of Syria Lebanon Jordan and Palestine. In the second year of its publication 1927 a single issue cost 50 cents and a yearly subscription set back the reader 5 dollars.
 Boys' Life (ボーイズライフ Bōizu Raifu) was a Japanese monthly shōnen magazine published by Shogakukan from April 1963 until August 1969. The magazine was marketed to boys in junior high school and older and included a manga section as well as general interest articles and information.
 Dragons of the Highlord Skies is a fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman based on the Dragonlance fictional campaign setting. It is the second of the Lost Chronicles trilogy designed to fill-in the gaps in the storyline between the books in the Chronicles trilogy (Dragons of Autumn Twilight Dragons of Winter Night and Dragons of Spring Dawning). The events of this novel entirely take place during the same time frame as the events described in Dragons of Winter Night.
 The Footprints on the Ceiling (1939) is a locked-room mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson.It is the second of four mysteries featuring The Great Merlini a stage magician and Rawson's favorite protagonist.
 Future Shock Comics is a self-syndicated comic strip drawn by Jim McGreal and written by his brother Pat McGreal. The daily strip deals with science technology and the world of tomorrow. The comic debuted in September 2009 in the Chicago Villager. It currently runs in 25 newspapers including the Chicago Tribune and the Pasadena Star News.Future Shock Comics borrows its name from the 1970 novel Future Shock by Alvin Toffler. It has been described as H.G. Wells meets Gary Larson.
 China's Red Army Marches (1934) by Agnes Smedley. Also published in the USSR as Red Flood Over China.This book gives a detailed account of the Chinese Soviet Republic in Jiangxi from 1928 to 1931 ending with the proclamation of the Soviet Republic of China in 1931.
 The Sense of an Ending: Studies in the Theory of Fiction is the most famous work of the literary scholar Frank Kermode. It was first published in 1967 by Oxford University Press.The book originated in the Mary Flexner Lectures given at Bryn Mawr College in 1965 under the title 'The Long Perspectives'.
 The Expedition of Humphry Clinker was the last of the picaresque novels of Tobias Smollett and is considered by many to be his best and funniest work.
 The Old Curiosity Shop is a novel by Charles Dickens. The plot follows the life of Nell Trent and her grandfather both residents of The Old Curiosity Shop in London.The Old Curiosity Shop was one of two novels (the other being Barnaby Rudge) which Dickens published along with short stories in his weekly serial Master Humphrey's Clock which lasted from 1840 to 1841. It was so popular that New York readers stormed the wharf when the ship bearing the final instalment arrived in 1841.
 The Cambridge History of Ancient China: From the Origins of Civilization to 221 BC is a book edited by Michael Loewe and Edward L. Shaughnessy published by Cambridge University Press in 1999.This book provides a survey of the institutional and cultural history of China up to the unification of the country by Qin Shi Huang in 221 BC. It was published as an independent volume complementing the 15-volume work The Cambridge History of China.
 The Golden Age of Science Fiction is an anthology of science fiction short stories all originally published between 1949 and 1962. The stories were selected and introduced by Kingsley Amis who also wrote an Editor's Note and a 21-page Introduction.
 Assignment in Tomorrow is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Frederik Pohl. Originally published in hardcover by Hanover House in 1954 with jacket art by Richard Powers it was reprinted in paperback by Lancer Books in 1972.
 Space Platform is a YA science fiction novel by author Murray Leinster. It was published in 1953 by Shasta Publishers in an edition of 5000 copies. It is the first novel in the author's Joe Kenmore series.
 The Revista Pediatría de Atención Primaria (English: Journal of Pediatric Primary Care) is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering pediatrics. It is the official publication of the Asociación Española de Pediatría de Atención Primaria (Spanish Association of Primary Care Pediatrics). Since 2012 articles are in English with Spanish tables of contents. The journal was established in 1999.
 Every Inch a King is a 2005 fantasy novel by Harry Turtledove published by ISFiC Press. It is a fictional account of the story of Otto Witte who allegedly spent five days pretending to be the King of Albania. The title is a quotation from Shakespeare's King Lear Act IV scene 6 wherein the insane King crowned with weeds makes futile assertions of his now usurped power.
 Portrait of a Spy is the 2011 Daniel Silva's spy novel.It is the eleventh title in the Gabriel Allon series.Other than the traditional recurring characters Portrait features the return of Sarah Bancroft and Nadia al Bakari daughter of Zizi al Bakari who was Allon's foe in The Messenger.Like others in Silva's Allon series Portrait of a Spy is a New York Times bestseller.
 Xebat is a daily Kurdish newspaper published in Iraq. It is published by the Kurdistan Democratic Party.
 They Flee From Me is a poem written by Thomas Wyatt. It is written in Rhyme royal and was included in Arthur Quiller-Couch's edition of the Oxford Book of English Verse.The poem has been described as possibly autobiographical and referring to any one of Wyatt's affairs with high-born women of the court of Henry VIII perhaps with Anne Boleyn.
 Whispers is a novel by American suspense author Dean Koontz originally published in 1980. It was the first of Koontz's novels to appear on the New York Times Bestsellers List and is widely credited with launching his career as a best-selling author. The novel was also adapted for a 1990 film by the same name.
 Dream of the Red Chamber (traditional Chinese: 紅樓夢; simplified Chinese: 红楼梦; pinyin: Hóng Lóu Mèng; Wade–Giles: Hong2 Lou2 Meng4) also called Story of the Stone (simplified Chinese: 石头记; traditional Chinese: 石頭記; pinyin: Shitou ji) composed by Cao Xueqin is one of China's Four Great Classical Novels. It was written sometime in the middle of the 18th century during the Qing Dynasty.
 Advanced Engineering Materials is a peer-reviewed materials science journal published monthly in collaboration with three important European materials societies namely the DGM in Germany the SF2M in France and the SVMT in Switzerland. The members of these societies all receive the journal.
 Virtual Equality: The Mainstreaming of Gay and Lesbian Liberation is a 1995 assessment of the state of the LGBT movements in the United States written by lawyer and civil rights activist Urvashi Vaid. Vaid was awarded a Stonewall Book Award in 1996 for the work.
 Belgrade News is a newspaper in Belgrade Montana USA. It is a biweekly published every Tuesday and Friday for free by Pioneer News Group.
 Quelques Portraits-Sonnets de Femmes is a poetry chapbook by Natalie Clifford Barney with watercolor illustrations by Alice Pike Barney.It was published in an edition of 500 by Librarie Paul Ollendorf.The poems were dedicated to various women by initials.The poems were criticized for being conventional.However the radical subject matter of lesbianism caused a scandal.Her father Alfred Barney bought up the copies and plates.
 The Revista Brasileira de Psiquiatria is the official journal of the Associação Brasileira de Psiquiatria (ABP - Brazilian Association of Psychiatry). It is published quarterly and was formerly titled Revista ABP. Its purpose is to publish original works from all areas of psychiatry focusing on public health clinical epidemiology basic sciences and mental health problems. The journal also publishes two annual supplements focusing mainly on clinical updating.
 The International Journal of Communication is an open access peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies on communication. The editor-in-chief is Larry Gross (USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism) and it is published by the USC Annenberg Press (University of Southern California).
 The Atom Station (Icelandic: Atómstöðin) is a novel by Icelandic author Halldór Laxness who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1955. The initial print run sold out on the day it was published apparently for the first time in Icelandic history.
 Discovery! The Search for Arabian Oil is a non-fiction book written by Pulitzer Prize winning American author Wallace Stegner.Written by Stegner in the late 1950s the book was originally serialized in fourteen parts in the magazine Saudi Aramco World in 1970-71 and later published in Beirut Lebanon in 1971 in a limited press run.
 DTN/The Progressive Farmer is a country life oriented magazine published twelve times a year by DTN a division of Telvent. The magazine is based in Birmingham Alabama.
 Baoh (バオー来訪者 Baō Raihōsha lit. Baoh: The Visitor) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hirohiko Araki most famous for his manga JoJo's Bizarre Adventure. Originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1984 to 1985 it was later compiled into two tankōbon volumes.
 Finanztest (originally FINANZtest) is a consumer magazine which focuses on providing objective information about financial services. Together with test it is one of the two main publications of Stiftung Warentest the German foundation and consumer organisation.
 Elephant Run is a young adult historical novel by Roland Smith first published in 2007. It takes place mainly in Burma in the midst of World War II. The main character is Nicholas Freestone a 14-year-old boy who is sent to live with his father on the family teak plantation to escape the bombing in London.
 For the grain see Black rice.Black Rice (French: Riz noir) is a novel written by Anna Moï published by Gallimard in 2004.
 A Firing Offense is a 1992 crime novel and the debut from author George Pelecanos. It is set in Washington DC and focuses on marketing executive Nick Stefanos as he investigates the disappearance of a colleague. It is the first of several Pelecanos novels to feature the character and the first of a trilogy with Stefanos as the main character. The other books in this series are Nick's Trip and Down by the River Where the Dead Men Go.
 Marrow is a science fiction novel by American writer Robert Reed published in 2000.
 The Journal of the British Dragonfly Society is a scientific journal published twice-yearly by the British Dragonfly Society since 1983. It contains material relevant to Odonata recorded from the United Kingdom. The editor-in-chief is P. J. Mill.
 The Bhutanese is Bhutan's 11th newspaper. It was founded by the investigative journalist Tenzing Lamsang in February 2012. Originally it was published bi-weekly on Wednesdays and Saturdays but since August 2013 only weekly on Saturdays due to financial constraints. The paper is written mainly in English with a Dzongkha language section.
 National Lampoon Sunday Newspaper Parody is an American humor book but used to mimic the form and content of American regional Sunday newspapers while parodying them. It was printed in many different sections some on the paper stock known as newsprint and some on other cheap paper as would have been used in a real Sunday newspaper. The Newspaper Parody was first published in 1978 and was reissued in book form in 2004. The authors of the piece were P. J.
 Ideal Gnome Exhibition is a British play. Clive Mantle starred in it.
 Opening Night is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the sixteenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1951. It was published in the United States as Night at the Vulcan.The novel is one of the theatrical ones for which Marsh was best known and concerns the murder of an actor backstage on opening night of a new play in London.
 Fair Extension is a novella by Stephen King published in his collection Full Dark No Stars (2010).
 Martin Walls (born Brighton England) is a British-American poet and the first British-born winner of the US Library of Congress Witter Bynner Fellowship.
 YOU is a South African family magazine that is aimed at demographically diverse South African English-speaking readers of different ethnicities with coverage on current events and interesting people. It has two sister magazines: Huisgenoot (aimed at White and Coloured Afrikaans-speaking readers) and Drum (aimed at Black English Sotho and Zulu - speaking readers).The YOU magazine was launched in 1987 by Nasionale Pers which later became Media24.
 Urban Geography (ISSN 0272-3638) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was first published in 1980. It appears semi-quarterly and covers topics concerning urban policy and planning race poverty ethnicity in urban areas housing and provision of services and urban economic activity.Urban Geography was published by Bellwether Publishing Ltd. until 2013 when it was acquired by Taylor & Francis Group. It is available online and in print.
 The Ku Klux Klan In Prophecy is a 144-page book written by Bishop Alma Bridwell White in 1925 and illustrated by Reverend Branford Clarke. In the book she uses scripture to rationalize that the Klan is sanctioned by God through divine illumination and prophetic vision. She also believed that the Apostles and the Good Samaritan were members of the Klan. The book was published by the Pillar of Fire Church which she founded at their press in Zarephath New Jersey.
 Gaffa is a free Danish music magazine published on a monthly basis since 1983. The magazine is distributed to places such as educational institutions record shops libraries and cafés as well as a small number to paying subscribers. It features music news and notes interviews album reviews and upcoming concert schedules.The name Gaffa comes from gaffa tape with the magazine's stated intention of binding the different parts of the music community together.
 Shiki (屍鬼 lit. Corpse Demon (or) Death Spirit) is a horror novel by Japanese novelist Fuyumi Ono. It was originally published in two parts by Shinchosha in 1998 it was then reprinted into five parts in 2002. A manga series adapting the story drawn by Ryu Fujisaki was serialized in the Japanese monthly magazine Jump SQ. from December 2007 to June 2011.
 Cambodia Pol Pot and the United States: The Faustian Pact is a 1991 book by Michael Haas professor of political science at the University of Hawaii. Published with the end of the Cold War the book analyzed the United States support for Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge against Soviet-backed Vietnam.
 The Pride of Bear Creek is a collection of Western short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1966 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. Grant also published an edition in 1977 with illustrations by Tim Kirk.
 Southeast Chicago Observer was a bi-monthly newspaper published on Wednesdays by the Southeast Chicago Development Commission (SEDCOM) a community development organization operating in the Southeast Side of Chicago. The newspaper covered the Bush South Chicago East Side and Hegewisch neighborhoods.
 The Long Tomorrow is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett originally published by Doubleday & Company Inc in 1955. Set in the aftermath of a nuclear war it portrays a world where scientific knowledge is feared and restricted.
 Before You Leap is the autobiography and self-help guide written by Muppet Kermit the Frog (in actuality by Jim Lewis). It was released by Meredith Books in September 2006.
 Drug and Alcohol Dependence is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on biomedical and psychosocial approaches to addiction. It publishes original research scholarly reviews commentaries and policy analyses in the areas of drug alcohol and tobacco use and dependence. It is sponsored by the College on Problems of Drug Dependence.
 The American Journal of Political Science is published by the Midwest Political Science Association. It was formerly known as the Midwest Journal of Political Science. According to the 2012 edition of the ISI Journal Citation Reports its impact factor is 2.811. This ranks the American Journal of Political Science second out of 157 listed journals in the category Political Science. The journal publishes articles on all areas of political science.
 The Dark Imbalance (also known as A Dark Imbalance in the United States) is a 2001 science fiction novel by Sean Williams. It is the third novel in the Evergence series and is preceded by The Dying Light which was published in 2000. It follows the story of Morgan Roche who has been given the task to protect mankind from the cloned warriors.
 Snowbound: The Record of a Theatrical Touring Party (1908) is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker the author of Dracula.The stories in this collection are:The OccasionA Lesson in PetsCoggins's PropertyThe Slim SyrensA New Departure in ArtMick the DevilIn Fear of DeathAt LastChin MusicA Deputy WaiterWork'usA Corner in DwarfsA Criminal StarA Star TrapA Moon-Light Effect
 English Hours is a book of travel writing by Henry James published in 1905. The book collected various essays James had written on England over a period of more than thirty years beginning in the 1870s. The essays had originally appeared in such periodicals as The Nation The Century Magazine Scribner's Magazine The Galaxy and Lippincott's Magazine. James wrote a new introduction for the book and extensively revised many of the essays to create a more coherent whole.
 MuscleMag International or Musclemag is an American bodybuilding fitness and men's magazine considered one of the top bodybuilding magazines.
 Dimiter (2010) (also released under the title The Redemption in various parts of the world) is a novel by William Peter Blatty released on March 16 2010 through Forge Books. Publishers Weekly awarded Dimiter a starred review calling it a beautifully written haunting tale of vengeance spiritual searching loss and love.
 For the film see Ten Days' Wonder (film)Ten Days' Wonder is a novel that was published in 1948 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel primarily set in the imaginary town of Wrightsville USA.
 Today's Farmer is an agricultural tabloid newspaper published every other Tuesday and serving approximately 18000 rural households in the counties of Essex Kent Lambton Middlesex and Elgin counties in Southwestern Ontario.
 Play Boy Blues is a manga by Shiuko Kano. It was licensed in English by Central Park Media which published the first volume under its Be Beautiful imprint on August 2 2006. In Spain Ediciones La Cúpula published the first volume in 2005.
 The Optimists is the fourth novel by English author Andrew Miller released on 21 March 2005 through Sceptre.
 Celebrity Skin is a pornographic magazine which specializes in showcasing images either photographs or movie and TV screencaps of nude or semi-nude celebrities. It is not to be confused with its rival Celebrity Sleuth. The magazine has ceased publication.
 Cinderella or the Little Glass Slipper is a book illustrated by Marcia Brown. Released by Scribner Press the book is a retelling of the story of Cinderella as written by Charles Perrault and was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1955.The book takes place in France in a palace similar to other Cinderella stories.
 Sartre Studies International is a journal published by Berghahn Books in association with the United Kingdom Sartre Society and North American Sartre Society and focuses on the philosophical literary and political issues originating in existentialism and explores the continuing vitality of existentialist and Sartrean ideas in contemporary society and culture.
 Pharmacognosy Magazine is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Pharmacognosy Network Worldwide. It publishes articles on the subjects of pharmacognosy natural products phytochemistry phytopharmacology.
 From Dictatorship to Democracy A Conceptual Framework for Liberation is a book-length essay on the generic problem of how to destroy a dictatorship and to prevent the rise of a new one. The book was written in 1993 by Gene Sharp (b. 1928) a professor of political science at the University of Massachusetts. The book has been published in many countries worldwide and translated into more than 30 languages.
 Féret redirects here. For other uses see Féret (disambiguation)Cocks & Féret or simply Féret is the colloquial name of a Bordeaux wine directory originally created by Charles Cocks and Michel-Édouard Féret in 1846 which was published under the name Bordeaux its Wines and the Claret Country and translated into French and published as the first edition of Bordeaux et ses vins in 1850.
 People's Republic is the thirteenth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. It was published by Hodder Children's Books (ISBN 9780340999196) on 4 August 2011 and shows the beginning of the Aramov series. This carries on from the series featuring long-standing central character James Adams. The series has a new central character called Ryan Sharma. Ryan is twelve years old and is just about to be sent on his first big mission in Kyrgyzstan.
 The Danville News is a newspaper published in Danville Pennsylvania.The publication is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. a company founded in 1997 by Ralph Martin. CNHI newspapers are clustered in groups that cross-sell packages to advertisers and occasionally feature editorial content written by a regional reporter working directly for CNHI.
 The Tinderbox (Danish: Fyrtøiet) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a soldier who acquires a magic tinderbox capable of summoning three powerful dogs to do his bidding. When the soldier has one of the dogs transport a sleeping princess to his room he is sentenced to death but cunningly summons the dogs to save his life. In the Aarne-Thompson tale index The Tinderbox is type 562: The Spirit in the Blue Light.
 Pretty Deadly is an creator-owned American comic book series by Kelly Sue DeConnick and Spanish artist Emma Ríos distributed by Image Comics. The story combines elements from western and horror comics and draws on aspects from mythology and folklore. Pretty Deadly is Deconnick and Rios' first collaboration.
 Grits is the debut novel by British author Niall Griffiths published in 2000 by Jonathan Cape. Set in and around Aberystwyth and concerning promiscuity drugs alcohol and petty crime it gained for its author who lives and works in the town the dubious honorific the Welsh Irvine Welsh.
 The Courier-Post is a morning daily newspaper that serves South Jersey near Philadelphia Pennsylvania. While based in Cherry Hill New Jersey United States it serves most of Burlington Camden and Gloucester counties.The fifth largest paper in New Jersey the Courier-Post's main competitors are The Philadelphia Inquirer across the Delaware River in Pennsylvania and the Burlington County Times and Gloucester County Times in South Jersey.Established in 1875 the Post moved to Camden in 1879.
 CATS Classified (Classified Advertisements Telephone Service) is the print classified advertising platform of Singapore Press Holdings (SPH). Its classifieds products are distributed together with various newspapers published by SPH. These include The Straits Times The New Paper Lianhe Zaobao Shin Min Daily News Lianhe Wanbao Berita Harian and Tamil Murasu. Its tagline is Buy it. Sell it. Find it.CATS Classified is divided into 8 sections.
 The Gothic Earth Gazetteer is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 Ummachu (Beloved) is a Malayalam novel written by Uroob in 1954. Ummachu along with Sundarikalum Sundaranmarum are considered the best works by Uroob and are ranked among the finest novels in Malayalam. In Ummachu Uroob explores the ramifications of human relationships in a village.
 Studies on Marx and Hegel (French: Études sur Marx et Hegel) is a 1955 book about Karl Marx and Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel by Jean Hyppolite. It contains assessments of Capital and of Marx's critique of Hegel's Philosophy of Right.
 Baseball America is a sports magazine which covers baseball at every level with a particular focus on up-and-coming players in high school college Japan and the minor leagues. It is currently published in the form of a bi-weekly newspaper five annual reference book titles a weekly podcast and a website. It also regularly produces lists of the top prospects in the sport and covers aspects of the game from a player-development point of view.
 Soldiers is a play about Winston Churchill.The play was highly controversial because it alleged that Winston Churchill was responsible for the death of the Polish Prime Minister General Władysław Sikorski in an airplane crash in 1943. The play was meant to premiere at Britain's National Theatre in 1967 but this was cancelled and the play was produced instead on the West End with John Colicos as Churchill.
 Love in the Time of Foreclosure is a memoir by Stephanie Alison Walker. The story details Walker's experience with foreclosure on her Los Angeles home.
 Murder is Easy is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 5 June 1939 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in September of the same year under the title of Easy to Kill. Christie's recurring character Superintendent Battle has a cameo appearance at the end but plays no part in either the solution of the mystery or the apprehension of the criminal.
 The Fourth River is an American literary magazine with a focus on nature and place-based writing.Established in 2005 by the MFA Program in Creative Writing at Chatham University in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania the journal is edited by graduate students and Chatham faculty.
 The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants (Qixia Wuyi Chinese: 七俠五義) also known as The Three Heroes and Five Gallants (Sanxia Wuyi Chinese: 三俠五義) is a Chinese historical novel first published in the late 19th century. The original story Sanxia Wuyi was attributed to the pingshu performer Shi Yukun (石玉昆).
 Heimin Shimbun (English: The Commoner's News) was a libertarian-socialist newspaper established in Japan at the beginning of the 20th century. Japanese anarchist Kōtoku Shūsui served as one of the paper's editors. By the beginning of 1904 it was Tokyo's leading publication advocating socialism. Eighty-two people eventually expressed their allegiance to socialism in this publication. Two of those people Uchiyama Gudō and Kōtoku Shusui were convicted and executed in the High Treason Incident.
 The Weekly Sillimanian also known as tWS is the official weekly student paper of Silliman University a private university in Dumaguete City Philippines. Its origin dates back to as early as 1903. Today the paper is one of only four campus publications in the country that publishes on a weekly basis. Its office is situated at the ground floor of Oriental Hall SU Campus along Hibbard Avenue.
 She Has a Name is a play about human trafficking written by Andrew Kooman in 2009 as a single act and expanded to full length in 2010. It is about the trafficking of children into sexual slavery and was inspired by the deaths of 54 people in the Ranong human-trafficking incident. Kooman had previously published literature but this was his first full-length play.
 SDU The Journal of Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences (full name: Süleyman Demirel University the Journal of the Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences) is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research articles about economics and administrative sciences. The journal was established in June 1996 and is published by SDU Press. It is indexed by the EBSCO databases.
 Ailleurs are the transcripts of a series of interviews between Jean-Louis Ezine and the French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Diario Norte is a local daily newspaper published in Resistencia Argentina.Norte was established in 1968. The publication was purchased in 1973 by anchorman Juan Carlos Rousselot who persuaded his brother Ricardo to join him from Chicago. Following the March 1976 coup Rousselot was arrested and his newspaper was placed under provincial receivership.
 AV MAX is a special-interest audiophile magazine owned by Network18 Publishing which is in turn a Network18 division. Based in Mumbai the magazine is distributed across India and certain South-East Asian cities. Since June 2008 the Editor of the magazine is Swapnil Raje.Established in December 1999 the magazine focuses on reviewing high-end audio-video equipment like amplifiers stereos floor-standing speakers and related news.
 The Discovery of Global Warming is a book by the physicist and historian Spencer R. Weart published in 2003; revised and updated edition 2008. It traces the history of scientific discoveries that led to the current scientific opinion on climate change. It has been translated into Spanish Japanese Italian Arabic Chinese and Korean.
 Sci-Fi HARRY (サイファイハリー) is a 1995 manga series by George Iida and Asami Tohjoh which was adapted into an anime series broadcast in Japan in 2000. It was a joint production of TV Asahi Corporation and Nagoya Broadcasting Network. It is a dark psychological horror series that was produced for nighttime broadcast slot.
 Västerviks-Tidningen is a Swedish daily newspaper based in Västervik with 12000 daily printings. The first printing was in 1834. Chef editor is Charly Nilsson. Nowadays Västerviks Tidningen is a part of Norrköpings Tidningar.
 Hades Project Zeorymer known in Japan as Project Zeorymer (冥王計画 [プロジェクト] ゼオライマー Purojekuto Zeoraimā) is a manga by Yoshiki Takaya written under the pen name Chimi Morio and published in the adult manga magazine Lemon People from October 1983 to November 1984. A three-part finale was serialized in Monthly Comic Ryū in 2007. A four episode OVA adaptation by AIC tones down the explicit sexual content and deviates entirely from the manga storyline and setting.
 Hume Studies is an interdisciplinary journal that publishes articles on the philosophical thought of David Hume. The journal is published by the Hume Society in April and November. There is open access to the journal's first 30 volumes. Members of the Hume Society may access all volumes.
 Nightmares in the Sky: Gargoyles and Grotesques is a coffee table book about architectural gargoyles photographed by f-stop Fitzgerald with accompanying text by Stephen King and published in 1988. An excerpt was published in the September 1988 issue of Penthouse.
 Mimi & Eunice (pronounced me-me and you-ness) is a three-panel comic strip about intellectual property problems. It is made by American cartoonist animator and free culture activist Nina Paley.The strip has simple graphic style. It contains two characters: Mimi (with pointy ears) and Eunice (with floppy ears). It is licenced under Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike for lack of a better option.
 Lost at Sea: The Jon Ronson Mysteries is a 2012 book by Jon Ronson which highlights and further elaborates many of Ronson's magazine articles.
 Tales to Astonish is the name of two American comic book series and a one-shot comic published by Marvel Comics.The primary title bearing that name was published from January 1959 to March 1968 . It began as a science-fiction anthology that served as a showcase for such artists as Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko then featured superheroes during the period fans and historians call the Silver Age of Comic Books. It became The Incredible Hulk with issue #102 (April 1968).
 The Great Impersonation is a mystery novel written by E. Phillips Oppenheim and published in 1920. German Leopold von Ragastein meets his doppelganger Englishman Everard Dominey in Africa and plans to murder him and steal his identity in order to spy on English high society just prior to World War I. However doubts of the returned Dominey’s true identity begin to arise in this tale of romance political intrigue and a (literally) haunting past.
 Secret Agent of Terra is a 1962 science fiction novel by John Brunner. It is the first book of the Zarathustra Refugee Planets series. The other books are Castaways' World (1963) and The Repairmen of Cyclops (1965). Secret Agent of Terra was first published as Ace Double F-133 with The Rim of Space by A. Bertram Chandler.Brunner later reworked the story for his 1969 novel The Avengers of Carrig.
 Voyager book three in the best-selling Outlander series was written by Diana Gabaldon.The storyline centers on a time-travelling 20th-century doctor (Claire Randall Fraser) and her 18th-century Scottish husband (Jamie Fraser) and is set in Scotland West Indies France and America.The heroine of the bestselling Outlander Claire returns in Voyager as a mother to Brianna Ellen Randall and living in Boston in the year 1968.
 Rainbow High is the second novel in a trilogy by Alex Sanchez focusing on the issues gay and questioning youth face as they come of age. This book is the sequel to Rainbow Boys and followed by Rainbow Road.
 L'Opinion is a daily francophone Moroccan newspaper.
 Livia published in 1978 and sub-titled Buried Alive is the second volume in Lawrence Durrell's The Avignon Quintet. The novel revolves around the novelist Blandford introduced at the end of the previous novel Monsieur and introduces us to the sisters Livia and Constance both briefly figuring at the end of Monsieur their brother Hillary Constance's husband Sam and a number of other new characters.
 The Man Who Planted Trees (French title L'homme qui plantait des arbres) also known as The Story of Elzéard Bouffier The Most Extraordinary Character I Ever Met and The Man Who Planted Hope and Reaped Happiness is an allegorical tale by French author Jean Giono published in 1953.It tells the story of one shepherd's long and successful singlehanded effort to re-forest a desolate valley in the foothills of the Alps in Provence throughout the first half of the 20th century.
 Saturday Night at the Palace is a play by South Africa's Paul Slabolepszy.
 Mai the Psychic Girl known simply as Mai (舞) in Japan is a manga written by Kazuya Kudō and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. The main character is Mai Kuju a 14-year-old Japanese girl with powerful psychic abilities. She is being pursued by the Wisdom Alliance an organization which secretly strives to control the world. The alliance already controls four other powerful psychic children and it has hired the Kaieda Intelligence Agency to capture Mai.
 Computer Gamer was a video game magazine published in the United Kingdom by Argus Specialist Publications covering home gaming from April 1985 to June 1987.
 The Grim Grotto is the eleventh novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket.
 My Traitor's Heart is an autobiographical book by Rian Malan first published in 1990 on his return from exile. It is subtitled South African Exile Returns to Face His Country His Tribe and His Conscience or Blood and Bad Dreams: A South African Exile Explores the Madness in His Country His Tribe and Himself.The book describes Malan's experience of growing up in Apartheid-era South Africa in which he explores race relations through prominent murder cases.
 The Shipping News is a novel by American author E. Annie Proulx published by Charles Scribner's Sons in 1993. It won both the Pulitzer Prize and the U.S. National Book Award as well as other awards. It was adapted as a film of the same name released in 2001.
 The Augustan History (Latin: Historia Augusta) is a late Roman collection of biographies in Latin of the Roman Emperors their junior colleagues and usurpers of the period 117 to 284.
 Born is a four-issue comic book limited series featuring the Marvel Comics character Frank Castle a.k.a. the Punisher. The series was released in 2003 written by Garth Ennis and penciled by Darick Robertson.
 L'Amour médecin (Dr. Cupid) is a French comedy written by Molière. It was presented for the first time by order of King Louis XIV at Versailles on September 22 1665.
 Tusen gånger starkare (A Thousand Times Stronger) is a 2006 young adult novel written by Christina Herrström. It was nominated to the August Prize the same year.
 Hideyuki Kikuchi's Vampire Hunter D known simply as Vampire Hunter D (バンパイアハンターD Banpaiya Hantā D) in Japan is a manga adaptation of the Vampire Hunter D novel series by acclaimed horror writer Hideyuki Kikuchi.Announced at Anime Expo 2006 the Vampire Hunter D manga project is currently underway in collaboration between Hideyuki Kikuchi and Digital Manga Publishing.
 Blindsight is a hard science fiction novel by Peter Watts published by Tor Books in 2006. The following year it was nominated for a Hugo Award as well as a Campbell award and Locus Science Fiction award. Watts has also released the novel online under the by-nc-sa Creative Commons license. The novel's main plotline focuses on a crew of astronauts investigating an extraterrestrial entity dubbed Rorschach and explores the nature of identity and consciousness.
 The Lion's Game is a 2000 novel by American author Nelson DeMille. It is the second of DeMille's novels to feature the detective John Corey now working as a contractor for the fictional FBI Anti-Terrorist Task Force in New York. The 2004 novel Night Fall is a sequel to The Lion's Game and takes place approximately one year later. The book also briefly mentions events from other DeMille novels like The Charm School and The Gold Coast that aren't strictly part of the Corey-universe.
 Gândirea (The Thinking) known during its early years as Gândirea Literară - Artistică - Socială (The Literary - Artistic - Social Thinking) was a Romanian literary political and art magazine.
 Red Shadows is a collection of Fantasy short stories and poems by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1968 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 896 copies. The stories and poems feature Howard's character Solomon Kane. Many of the stories first appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 Tomorrow and Tomorrow is a 1997 science fiction novel by Charles Sheffield. The book starts in approximately the year 2020 and follows the extremely protracted adventures of Drake Merlin in his obsessive quest to save his wife from a terminal brain disease over the course of eons. Similar premises are presented in the 2006 film The Fountain as well as the Isaac Asimov story The Last Question.
 Diaries of an Internet Lover is a book by TV Presenter and Journalist Dawn Porter.Dawn places an ad on a website and the book highlights the email exchange leading up to each date. There is then an in depth tale for each of the guys (and girls) she met.It was published by Virgin Books on 9 February 2006 and is 256 pages long. It carries the ISBN 978-0-7535-1009-4.
 The Sneaker (ザ・スニーカー Za Sunīkā) is a Japanese light novel magazine that was published by Kadokawa Shoten between 1993 and 2011 that was aimed at young adult males. It serialized many popular light novels including the Haruhi Suzumiya and Trinity Blood series and the novel adaptations of the Code Geass anime series.
 Die Matie is a student newspaper at the University of Stellenbosch. Founded in 1941 Die Matie is published every second Wednesday during the academic term. The editorial content includes sections on news student life sport arts and entertainment current affairs and news from other campuses. The entire production of Die Matie – from photos articles and advertisements to page layout and distribution – is managed by the editorial staff; all students.
 The Kidnap Murder Case is a 1936 murder mystery novel by S. S. Van Dine the tenth of twelve books featuring fictional detective Philo Vance.
 Okno Magazine (Russian: Журнал Окно literally Window). One of the Russia's leading literary magazines it was founded in 1923 in Paris by Mikhail Zetlin the Russian émigré writer. Three paper-based issues were published in 1923 and in 1924. In 2007 Okno was re-established as a web-only magazine of poetry in Russian.
 Estudios filológicos is an academic journal published by the Humanities and Philosophy Faculty of the Southern University of Chile. It covers a wide range of linguistics and literature-related topics primarily on issues that are relevant to Iberoamerica.
 The Western Standard is a Calgary Alberta-based libertarian-conservative[citation needed] publication that billed itself as Canada's only conservative national news magazine.[citation needed] As of October 2007 with the cancellation of its print edition the Western Standard is an exclusively online entity.
 The Abilene Reflector-Chronicle is a local daily newspaper for Abilene Kansas with a circulation of about 3000 . The newspaper also maintains an online presence.It is an union the Abilene daily chronicle (Founded 1933) and the Abilene daily reflector (Founded 1888)
 The Curse of Yig is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories and essays by author Zealia Bishop. It was released in 1953 and was the author's only collection published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 1217 copies.The three stories had originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales and were actually ghostwritten by H. P. Lovecraft. The stories are part of the Cthulhu Mythos.
 Goldmine established in September 1974 is an American magazine that focuses on the collectors' market for records tapes CDs and music-related memorabilia. Each issue features news articles interviews discographies histories current reviews on recording stars of the past and present. Discographies are featured listing all known releases. Coverage includes Rock Blues Country Folk and Classical. Other features include classified ads trends and a show calendar.
 Afternoon Voice is a Mumbai-based daily covering all aspects of the city. Besides the daily diet of news sports and business readers are served columns and features related to the theme of the day. Launched on July 3 2009 within a short span it has made its presence felt on majority of the stalls all over the city with door-to-door circulation in the pipeline.
 Why Orwell Matters released in the UK as Orwell's Victory is a book-length biographical essay by Christopher Hitchens. In it the author relates George Orwell's thoughts on and actions in relation to: the British Empire; the left; the right; the United States; English conventions; feminism and women; and his controversial list for the British Foreign Office.At the end of the book Hitchens critiques Orwell's novels and legacy.
 Red Dragon is a novel by Thomas Harris first published in 1981. It was the first novel to feature Harris' character Dr. Hannibal Lecter a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer. The novel was adapted as a film Manhunter in 1986 which featured Brian Cox as Lecter. Directed by Michael Mann the film was critically well received but fared poorly at the box office.
 The Sands of Time is the second book in the Hermux Tantamoq series created by Michael Hoeye. The Sands of Time is the second in a series beginning with Time Stops for No Mouse followed by No Time Like Show Time and Time to Smell the Roses. In each one Hermux Tantamoq is the main character.
 Jesus Interrupted: Revealing the Hidden Contradictions in the Bible (And Why We Don't Know About Them) is a book by Bart D. Ehrman a New Testament scholar at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 Rune Soldier (魔法戦士リウイ Mahō Senshi Riui lit. Magical Soldier Louie) is an anime and manga series based on the original light novel series by Ryo Mizuno which features soldier Louie as the hero. The series takes place on the continent of Alecrast on the world called Forcelia and is related to the novel anime and manga series Sword World. It is a sibling series to Record of Lodoss War (which is also directed by Mizuno) taking place on a continent north of Lodoss Island.
 The Pirates! in an Adventure with Whaling (also known as The Pirates! In an Adventure with Ahab and The Pirates! In an Adventure with Moby Dick) is the second book in The Pirates! series by Gideon Defoe published in 2005 by The Orion Publishing Group.After The Pirates! in an Adventure with Scientists the pirates felt that their ship was in need of some repair.
 Australian Book Review is Australia's leading literary review. Created in 1961 the ABR is an independent non-profit organisation that publishes articles reviews commentaries essays and new writing. The aims of the magazine are to foster high critical standards to provide an outlet for fine new writing and to contribute to the preservation of literary values and a full appreciation of Australia's literary heritage.
 Mr. George and Other Odd Persons is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by American author August Derleth written under the pseudonym of Stephen Grendon. It was released in 1963 by Arkham House in an edition of 2546 copies. Most of the stories had appeared previously in the magazine Weird Tales. Two appeared in The Arkham Sampler. The title story was dramatized for the Thriller TV series.
 Thirty-five Years in the Punjab is an English book published in 1908 written by George Robert Elsmie a civil officer in the Panjab for thirty-five years (1858-1893). This book can be described as notes by the way. It consists mainly of extracts from letters and diaries by the author as he journeyed through the region.
 The Unparalleled Invasion is a science fiction story written by Jack London in 1910.
 ChemPhysChem is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-VCH. It was established in 2000 and covers all primary and secondary topics in physical chemistry and chemical physics.
 Amityville: The Evil Escapes is a 1988 Horror Fiction book and the fourth installment in The Amityville Horror series of books. The book is known for starting the fictional sequels by John G. Jones.
 Hitler Sites: A City-by-City Guidebook (Austria Germany France United States) by Steven Lehrer is a history and tour of European and American sites related to Adolf Hitler These sites cannot be found in standard guidebooks. Their descriptions comprise a topographical biography of the German dictator and can clarify who and what he actually was.
 El Eco Obrero ('The Workers Echo') was a fortnightly workers newspaper published from Sucre Bolivia 1916-1917. It carried the by-line Organ of the working class.The newspaper was founded by two workers Miguel Navarro and Miguel Santos Sea. The newspaper was printed at Imprenta de la Industria. El Eco Obrero advocated unity in action between capitalists and workers
 The Broken Spears: The Aztec Account of the Conquest of Mexico (Spanish title: Visión de los vencidos: Relaciones indígenas de la conquista) is a book by Miguel León-Portilla translating selections of Nahuatl-language accounts of the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire. It was first published in Spanish in 1959 and in English in 1962.
 Crave is a one-act play by British playwright Sarah Kane. It was first performed in 1998 by the theatre company Paines Plough with which Kane was writer-in-residence for the year at the Traverse Theatre Edinburgh. The play was initially presented under the pseudonym Marie Kelvedon; Kane used a pseudonym to avoid the distraction of her by then notorious reputation for graphic staged violence from her previous works. Crave was Kane's fourth play. It is dedicated by the author to Mark Ravenhill.
 Obliquity: Why our goals are best achieved indirectly is a book by economist John Kay. It was inspired by an observation of the successful pharmaceutical researcher Sir James Black:I used to tell my colleagues that if they wanted to make money there were many easier ways to do it than drug research. How wrong could I have been! In business as in science it seems that you are often most successful in achieving something when you are trying to do something else.
 Mystic River is a novel by Dennis Lehane that was published in 2001. It won the 2002 Dilys Award and was made into an Academy Award-winning film in 2003.
 Sumomomo Momomo: The Strongest Bride on Earth (すもももももも〜地上最強のヨメ〜 Sumomo mo Momo mo ~Chijō Saikyō no Yome~) is a Japanese manga series created by Japanese author Shinobu Ohtaka. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese manga magazine Young Gangan in 2004 which is published by Square Enix. The manga has been licensed by Yen Press for distribution in North America.
 Neurogenetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of neurogenetics. It was established in 1997 and is published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal publishes review articles original articles short communications and letters to the editors. The editors-in-chief are Ulrich Müller (University of Giessen) Manuel B. Graeber (University of Sydney) and James R. Lupski (Baylor College of Medicine).
 The Rehearsal is the debut novel by Eleanor Catton. It was released by Victoria University Press in New Zealand in 2008. The Rehearsal was later bought by Granta Books in the UK and released there in July 2009.
 Al Yaum (in Arabic اليوم meaning The Day Today in Arabic) is a Dammam-based supposedly pro-government Arabic daily newspaper published in Saudi Arabia.
 Mukti Ebang Tahar Sadhan or Mukti Ebam Tahar Sadhan is a Bengali spiritual book compiled by Bipin Bihari Ghoshal. The book was first published in 1288 Bengali year. Ramakrishna used to recommend young devotees to read this book. In 1986 Udbodhan publication republished this book.
 The Hand in the Glove (British title Crime on Her Hands) is a Dol Bonner mystery novel by Rex Stout. It was first published by Farrar & Rinehart Inc. in 1937 and later in paperback by Dell as mapback #177 and later by other publishers. Collins Crime Club published the novel in the UK in November 1939 as Crime on Her Hands.
 A History of Vodka (Russian: «История водки» Romanized: Istoriya vodki) is an academic monograph by William Pokhlyobkin which was awarded the Langhe Ceretto Prize. Although the work had been was finished in 1979 it was published just before the dissolution of the Soviet Union. In his book in particular Pokhlyobkin wanted the Russian vodka to be legally produced only from the rye stuff.
 Moon. is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Tactics a brand of Nexton released on November 21 1997 playable on Windows PCs. The game was described by the development team as a Reaching the Heart AVG (心に届くAVG Kokoro ni Todoku AVG). The story follows the protagonist Ikumi Amasawa a girl who joins an organization called FARGO in the hopes of discovering why and how her mother died who was a member of the same group. The gameplay in Moon.
 The Ukrainian Week (Ukrainian: Український Тиждень) is an illustrated weekly magazine covering politics economics and the arts and aimed at the socially engaged Ukrainian-language reader. It provides a range of analysis opinion interviews feature pieces including travel both in Ukraine and outside and art reviews and events calendar.
 Superman: Doomsday & Beyond is a licensed novel published in 1993 set in the DC Comics universe written by Louise Simonson and with illustrations from Dan Jurgens and José Luis García-López. It is a young-adult version of The Death of Superman comics storyline from 1992. An audio adaptation of the storyline using the same title aired on BBC Radio 1 also in 1993 which was released on audio cassette in 1993 and CD in 2005.
 City A.M. is a free business-focused newspaper distributed in and around London England. Its certified distribution was 132076 copies a day in May 2012 according to statistics compiled by the ABC.
 Genes Brain and Behavior (also known as G2B) is a peer-reviewed online-only scientific journal covering research in the fields of behavioral neural and psychiatric genetics. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Behavioural and Neural Genetics Society. The journal was established in 2002 as a quarterly and is currently published monthly. G2B is a hybrid open access journal but all content is available online for free after two years.
 Island is a book of short stories by Alistair MacLeod first published in 2000 by McClelland and Stewart.The book collects all of the short stories published in MacLeod's earlier collections The Lost Salt Gift of Blood and As Birds Bring Forth the Sun and Other Stories as well as two previously unpublished stories. The volume was published because the success of MacLeod's 1999 debut novel No Great Mischief revived interest in MacLeod's prior work which was largely out of print by this time.
 Weekend is a 1968 comedy play by Gore Vidal about a Republican senator whose son brings home a black girlfriend.The play was unsuccessful on Broadway but was revived in 2008.
 The Journal of Statistical Software is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that publishes papers related to statistical software. The Journal of Statistical Software was founded in 1996 by Jan de Leeuw of the Department of Statistics at the University of California Los Angeles. Its current Editors-in-Chief are de Leeuw and Achim Zeileis of the Department of Statistics at the University of Innsbruck Austria.
 X-Ray Spectrometry is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1972 and published by John Wiley & Sons. It covers the theory and application of X-ray spectrometry. The current editor-in-chief is R. Van Grieken (University of Antwerp).
 More Flanimals is the sequel to Ricky Gervais' book Flanimals.Like Flanimals the book features around 30 species of Flanimal illustrated by Rob Steen which make up their own imaginary ecosystem.Some notable Flanimals in this book include the Squat the Psquirm and the Mung Ungler.
 The Rum Diary is an early novel by American writer Hunter S. Thompson that was written in the early 1960s but was not published until 1998. The manuscript begun in 1959 was discovered amongst Thompson's papers by Johnny Depp. The story involves a journalist named Paul Kemp who in the 1950s moves from New York to work for a major newspaper The Daily News in San Juan Puerto Rico. It is Thompson's second novel preceded by the still-unpublished Prince Jellyfish.
 JLA/Cyberforce was a one-shot comic book published in 2005 by DC Comics and Top Cow Comics.JLA/Cyberforce was written by Joe Kelly. Internal art was by Doug Mahnke and Norm Rapmund. The cover was done by Marc Silvestri.
 Anthropology of Consciousness is the primary publication of the Society for the Anthropology of Consciousness published by American Anthropological Association (AAA) since 1990.The current editor Hillary S. Webb began the position in the summer of 2009.Prior to joining the AAA the Society was called Association for the AnthropologicalStudy of Consciousness (AASC) and published the AASC Newsletter and AASC Quarterly and earlier newsletters were also published.
 Montmorency is the first book in the Montmorency Series by Eleanor Updale. It introduces several major characters such as Montmorency George Fox-Selwyn and Dr. Robert Farcett.
 Finished is a science fiction short story written by L. Sprague de Camp a story in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction in the issue for November 1949. It first appeared in book form in the collection The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens published in hardcover by Twayne Publishers in 1953 and in paperback by Signet Books in November 1971.
 Chi's Sweet Home (チーズスイートホーム chīzu suīto hōmu) is a manga series written and illustrated by Kanata Konami. It has been serialized in Kodansha's seinen manga magazine Weekly Morning since 2004. The manga has been licensed for North American distribution by Vertical Inc. To date it has been collected in nine volumes with the most recent being published in August 2012. An anime adaptation in two seasons began airing on March 31 2008 and concluded on September 25 2009.
 One Arm (かたうで kataude) is a novella by Nobel Prize winning author Yasunari Kawabata published in 1964. This story has been considered as a main example of the current of Magic Realism in Japanese Literature. Other Japanese authors with considerable literary contributions to this genre are: Abe Kobo Oe Kenzaburo Haruki Murakami Yasushi Inoue and Tawada Yoko.[citation needed]
 A Day's Wait is a short story by Ernest Hemingway published in his 1933 short story collection Winner Take Nothing about a nine-year old boy who is sick during a cold winter. The story focuses on the boy and his father who calls him Schatz (German meaning darling). When the boy gets the flu a doctor is called in and recommends three different medicines and tells the boy's father that his temperature is 102 degrees Fahrenheit.
 Dreams and Fancies is a collection of letters and fantasy horror and science fiction short stories by American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1962 by Arkham House in an edition of 2030 copies and was the sixth collection of Lovecraft's work to be released by Arkham House. The concept of the collection was to present letters by Lovecraft recounting dreams and the stories which may have derived from those dreams.
 Practice to Deceive is a 2013 book by American author Ann Rule that details the murder of Russel Douglas found shot between the eyes in his car on Whidbey Island north of Seattle Washington on Christmas Day 2003. The book was released in October 2013 by Simon & Schuster's Gallery Books imprint.
 The Peace Arch News is a weekly newspaper serving the White Rock/South Surrey area two times a week on Tuesday and Thursday.The Peace Arch News is delivered to more than 37000 homes and businesses in White Rock and South Surrey every Tuesday and Thursday. It has been a part of the Black Press Group since January 1997.
 Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect is a 1997 book by psychiatrist Ian Stevenson published by Praeger. The book is about birthmarks and birth defects ostensibly associated with reincarnation. Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect is written for the general reader and is a condensation of a two-part monograph Reincarnation and Biology: A Contribution to the Etiology of Birthmarks and Birth Defects (Praeger 1997).
 Across the Nightingale Floor is the first of Lian Hearn's Tales of the Otori trilogy first published in 2002.
 Canadian Cowboy Country is a Canadian magazine of Western culture and lifestyle. It is published by Rob Tanner. The publication was founded in 1997. The magazine was purchased by Tanner Young Publishing Group in 2001. Editorial offices are located in Edmonton Alberta Canada.
 Sphereland: A Fantasy About Curved Spaces and an Expanding Universe is a 1965 novel by Dionys Burger and is a sequel to Flatland a novel by A Square (a pen name of Edwin Abbott Abbott). The novel expands upon the social and mathematical foundations on which Flatland is based. It is markedly different from the first novel in that it has a more prosaic ending and treatment of society.
 Wizards at War is the eighth book in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane.In this book for the first time in a millennia the wizards would have to go to war...
 Les Inrockuptibles (French pronunciation: ​[lezɛ̃ʁɔkypˈtiblə]) is a French cultural magazine. Started as a monthly magazine in 1986 it became weekly in 1995. The name is a play on Les Incorruptibles the French title of the American television series The Untouchables. Les Inrockuptibles is routinely nicknamed Les Inrocks.In the beginning rock music was the magazine's primary focus though every issue included articles on other artistic domains.
 Daniel's Story is a children's novel by Carol Matas telling the story of a young boy's experiences in the Holocaust in World War II. It is honored at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington D.C. by means of an exhibit.
 The Terracotta Dog (Il cane di terracotta) is a 1996 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2002 by Stephen Sartarelli.
 This article is about the book by Anthony Everitt. For the Age of Empires game see Age of Empires: The Rise of Rome. The Rise of Rome: The Making of the World's Greatest Empire is a book by British author Anthony Everitt chronicling the rise of the Roman Republic and its evolution into the Roman Empire. It was written partly as a response to Edward Gibbon's The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire.
 Babel is a book by Patti Smith published in 1978 and contains Smith's poems along with her prose lyrics pictures and drawings.
 The Post-Bulletin is the major newspaper for Rochester Minnesota. Published Monday through Saturday each week it is the largest afternoon newspaper in the state. The Post-Bulletin also offers an exact replica of the print edition online to subscribers. It publishes an Austin Minnesota edition.Originally there were two separate publications the Post and the Bulletin. The Post-Bulletin's foundation marked the combination of these two in 1925.
 Choper Coffee Gilson refers to the casebook entitled Cases and Materials on Corporations edited by Jesse H. Choper John C. Coffee Jr. and Ronald J. Gilson. Its current (seventh) edition was published in 2008.
 The Tale of Phạm Công and Cúc Hoa (范公菊花 Phạm Công – Cúc Hoa) is an anonymous 18th Century Vietnamese language poem written in luc bat verse and vernacular chu nom script. As with two similar poems Phạm Tải – Ngọc Hoa and Tống Trân and Cúc Hoa the title is made of the two names of a star-crossed couple the boy Phạm Công and the girl Cúc Hoa.
 Journal of Industrial Textiles is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of visual arts. The journal's editor is Dong Zhang (Textile Research Associates). It has been in publication since 1971 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Cutty Sark (Russian: Катти Сарк) is a novella about the sailing ship Cutty Sark by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov. It was written in 1942-1943 and first published in the USSR in 1944.Intrigued by the history of the Cutty Sark Yefremov produced a sketch about her which ended with a beautiful version of dry-docking the legendary tea clipper in the USA. The story was translated into English and other languages.
 Filodimos (Greek: Φιλόδημος) is a newspaper that was founded in 1886 in Aigio Greece. The newspaper is the first publication ever established in the city.
 Docherty is the third novel by William McIlvanney written in 1975.
 American Imago is an academic journal established in 1939 by Sigmund Freud and Hanns Sachs. It seeks to explore the role of psychoanalysis in contemporary cultural literary and social theory while also considering issues related to anthropology philosophy politics cultural studies history art history musicology education and gender studies. The current editor-in-chief of the journal is Louis Rose. Past editors include Sachs Harry Slochower and George B. Wilbur.
 Lovecraft Remembered is a collection of memoirs about H. P. Lovecraft and is edited by Peter Cannon. It was released in 1998 by Arkham House in an edition of 3579 copies. Nearly all the memoirs from previous Arkham publications of Lovecraft miscellany are included.
 Warriors of Tao known in Japan as Toma (トーマ Tōma) is a Japanese manga by Shinya Kuwahara (桑原真也 Kuwahara Shin-ya)
 The Chronoliths is a 2001 science fiction novel by Robert Charles Wilson. It was nominated for the 2002 Hugo Award for Best Novel and tied for the 2002 John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
 Neuropsychobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that focuses on neuroscience psychopharmacology and biological psychiatry. It was established in 1975 and is published by Karger Publishers.
 Close the Last Door (最後のドアを閉めろ! Saigo no Door wo Shimero!) is a yaoi manga series written by Yugi Yamada. It has been adapted into an OVA directed by Tama. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which published the first volume in 2006.
 ROAR Magazine (Reflections on a Revolution) is an independent online publication that describes itself as a journal of the radical imagination.
 Holocaust and Genocide Studies is an international peer-reviewed academic journal addressing the issue of the Holocaust and other genocides. It has been published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum since 1987 with varying frequency (currently three issues a year). The journal's editor-in-chief is currently Richard Breitman (American University Washington D.C.).
 Notes Left Behind is a 2009 non-fiction book by Keith and Brooke Desserich the parents of a six-year-old girl named Elena who died of cancer. The book is a publication of some of the hundreds of notes Elena left for her parents to find after her death. It follows Elena's battle against brain cancer.
 The Ugly Swans (Russian: Гадкие лебеди) is a science fiction novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky. In the USSR it was published in 1987 in the Latvian magazine Daugava with the title The Time of Rains (Russian: Время дождей). Later it was included as a story within a story in Strugatsky's Limping Destiny where the protagonist Felix Sorokin secretly works on the novel.
 A Gallery of Children is a collection of twelve children's fantasy stories by A. A. Milne illustrated by Saida (H. Willebeek Le Mair). It was first published in hardcover in 1925 by the Stanley Paul & Co. in London and the David McKay Company in Philadelphia.The collection was the author's second children's book and first book of prose for children appearing between his poetry collection When We Were Very Young (1924) and Winnie-the-Pooh (1926).
 The Emperor of Portugallia (Swedish: Kejsarn av Portugallien) is a novel by Nobel-laureate Selma Lagerlöf published in 1914 with drawings by Albert Engström. Lagerlöf called it a Swedish King Lear. The novel was a success with critics and readers newspaper reviewers said the novel was at the same level as Lagerlöf's earlier novels Gosta Berling's Saga and the first part of Jerusalem. It has been filmed three times: 1925 1944 and 1992.
 The First Century after Beatrice (French: Le Premier siècle après Béatrice) is a 1992 novel by the French-Lebanese writer Amin Maalouf. The story is set in a near future where a pharmacological company markets in the guise of a traditional folk remedy a drug by which parents can choose to only have sons. The story is told from the first-person point of view of an entomologist.
 Acta Materialia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published twenty times per year by Elsevier on behalf of Acta Materialia Inc. The editor-in-chief is Subhash Mahajan (University of California at Davis). The journal covers research on all aspects of the structure and properties of materials and publishes original papers and commissioned reviews.
 Cat of Many Tails is a novel that was published in 1949 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel set in New York City USA.
 Of The Social Contract Or Principles of Political Right (Du contrat social ou Principes du droit politique) (1762) by Jean-Jacques Rousseau is a book in which Rousseau theorized about the best way to establish a political community in the face of the problems of commercial society which he had already identified in his Discourse on Inequality (1754).The Social Contract helped inspire political reforms or revolutions in Europe especially in France.
 Walka (lit. Struggle) was a Polish-language newspaper published from Tel Aviv by the Communist Party of Israel 1958–1965. Its editor-in-chief was Adolf Berman. Whilst other Communist Party weeklies experienced a gradual decline in readership after 1956 Walka had a moderate growth as a result of the wave of immigration from Poland in 1961.
 Sullam al-sama' also known as Resaleh-ye Kamaliyyeh (Arabic*: سُلَم السماء Transliterated as Sǒllam os-Samā') meaning The Ladder of the Sky or The Stairway of Heaven is an astronomical treatise written by the Persian mathematician and astronomer Jamshid Kashani in 1407 about the determination of distance and size of the heavenly bodies such as the Earth the Moon and the Sun.
 Platanos Y Collard Greens is a play written by David Lamb and produced by Jamillah Lamb. This romantic comedy explores relations between African-Americans and Latinos in New York City through a relationship between two college students.
 The Klutz Book of Paper Airplanes is a 2004 book by Doug Stillinger and published by Klutz Press describing in detail how to make ten different types of paper airplanes. Instruction on testing and tweaking flights learning how to throw the planes and rules for playing paper airplane games are provided.
 You Can't Be President: The Outrageous Barriers to Democracy in America (2008) is the third book by journalist and Harper's Magazine president John R. MacArthur. It largely concerns the influence of money and class on the American political process.
 Petit Apple Pie (プチアップル・パイ Puchi Appuru Pai) is an 18-volume bishōjo lolicon manga anthology series published by Animage Comics from November 10 1982 to March 10 1987.
 Dragons of Darkness (1981) is an anthology edited by Orson Scott Card. It contains fifteen stories two of which were written by Card himself. The two stories by Card are Middle Woman and A Plague of Butterflies. Both of them were later published in Card's collection Maps in a Mirror.
 The Canadian Journal of School Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of school psychology. Its editors-in-chief are Donald H. Saklofske (University of Calgary) and Joseph Snyder (Concordia University). It was established in 1985 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Organised Sound is an international peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on the rapidly developing methods and issues arising from the use of technology in music today. Published three times a year it concentrates upon the impact which the application of technology is having upon music in a variety of genres including sound art sound sculpture and music ranging from popular idioms to experimental electroacoustic composition.
 The Athletic News and Cyclists' Journal was a Manchester-based newspaper founded by Edward Hulton in 1875. It was published weekly covering weekend sports fixtures other than horse racing which was already covered by the Sporting Chronicle founded by Hulton in 1871. It was an advocate of professional football and many of its staff were actively involved in the sport.In 1931 it merged with the Sporting Chronicle's Monday edition.
 Aristotle and the Gun is a classic time travel and alternate history science fiction story by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Science-Fiction for February 1958 and first appeared in book form in de Camp's collection A Gun for Dinosaur and Other Imaginative Tales (Doubleday 1963).
 A Drama in Mexico (French: Un drame au Mexique) is a historical short story by Jules Verne first published in July 1851 under the title The First Ships of the Mexican Navy (L'Amérique du Sud. Etudes historiques. Les Premiers Navires de la Marine Mexicaine).In a letter to his father Verne wrote that it is but a simple adventure-story in the style of Cooper which I am locating in Mexico.
 The Good That Men Do is a Star Trek: Enterprise relaunch novel which was released in March 2007.
 The Gruffalo is a children's book by writer and playwright Julia Donaldson illustrated by Axel Scheffler that tells the story of a mouse the protagonist of the book taking a walk in the woods.
 Cirque du Freak (ダレン・シャン Daren Shan lit. Darren Shan) known as The Saga of Darren Shan in the United Kingdom is a Japanese manga series illustrated by Takahiro Arai and based on the book series The Saga of Darren Shan by author Darren Shan. Arai won a contest in which the winning manga artist would be allowed to draw the series in a manga medium. He also allowed his brother to design a scene a few characters and some backgrounds.
 C.M.B. (C.M.B. ~Shinra Hakubutsukan no Jiken Mokuroku~ C.M.B. 森羅博物館の事件目録 literally C.M.B. Shinra Museum's Case Catalog) is a detective fiction manga by Motohiro Katou. The manga started serialization in Monthly Shōnen Magazine in 2005 and was later collected into tankōbon volumes published by Kodansha. As of November 2012 20 volumes have been released.It is a companion work of the Q.E.D. manga.
 Voir is a chain of francophone alternative weekly newspapers in the Canadian province of Quebec published by Communications Voir. The magazine was founded by Pierre Paquet in November 1986.
 ES (Eternal Sabbath) (ES - Eternal Sabbath エス エターナル サバス Esu Etānaru Sabasu) is an eight-volume manga series by Fuyumi Soryo.ES (Eternal Sabbath) is a gene developed by a group of scientists who sought immortality. The presence of the gene grants the carrier up to 200 years of life immune from all viruses.
 One Hand Clapping is a 1961 work by Anthony Burgess published originally under the pseudonym Joseph Kell in the UK.The novel was intended as an indictment of what Burgess saw as the degradation of contemporary Western education and culture.Burgess deliberately toned down his trademark love of vocabulary for the novel which among other things lampoons the British television host Hughie Green.
 Death in Holy Orders is a 2001 detective novel in the Adam Dalgliesh series by P. D. James.
 Annihilation is a NY Times Best Seller fantasy novel by Philip Athans. It is the fifth book of the War of the Spider Queen hexad and like other books in the series it is set in the Forgotten Realms setting for Dungeons & Dragons.
 The Way to Dusty Death is a thriller novel written by Scottish author Alistair MacLean. It was originally published in 1973. The title is a quotation from a famous passage in Shakespeare’s Macbeth Act 5 Scene 5.
 The Music Educators Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers in the field of education. The editor-in-chief is Patrick K. Freer (Georgia State University). It was established in 1914 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the National Association for Music Education.
 The New Light of Myanmar (Burmese: မြန်မာ့အလင်း; MLCTS: mran ma. a. lang: IPA: [mjànma̰ álín]; formerly The New Light of Burma) is a government-owned newspaper published by the Ministry of Information and based in Yangon (formerly Rangoon) Myanmar. The newspaper was founded in 1914 first published as a magazine before becoming a newspaper. It is the longest-running circulated newspaper in Myanmar. The newspaper was nationalised in 1969.
 Waiting for Godalming (2000) is the 22nd book by Robert Rankin. Its title parodies that of Samuel Becketts play Waiting For Godot.Waiting for Godalming tells the story of the ultimate murder case: God himself has been killed in a dark alley. Lazlo Woodbine famous fifties private eye sets out to solve the case.
 Miss Mousie's Blind Date is a book by Canadian children's book author Tim Beiser illustrated by Canadian painter Rachel Berman. It was published by Tundra Books in October 2012.
 Logan is an American magazine for young people with disabilities.
 The Wausau Daily Herald is a daily morning broadsheet printed in Wausau Wisconsin. It is the primary newspaper in Wausau and is distributed throughout Marathon and Lincoln counties. The Daily Herald is owned by the Gannett Company which owns ten other newspapers in Wisconsin. The newspaper also runs a website where people can pay to read the news.
 BEAR Magazine is a periodical specifically geared toward gay and bisexual men who are — or who admire — bears i.e. men with facial and/or body hair. It was initially published in San Francisco California in 1987 by Richard Bulger and his partner Chris Nelson and marketed to the bear community within the larger LGBT community.
 Akhbar Al Khaleej (in Arabic أخبار الخليج meaning The Gulf News) is a Bahraini daily with a left wing/Arab nationalist slant. Its editor in chief is Anwar Abdulrahman. It is the sister paper of the English language daily  Gulf Daily News.
 Your Trading Edge Magazine is a bi-monthly magazine for traders and active investors covering CFDs stocks options futures forex and commodities.
 The King's Justice is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1985. It was the eighth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the second book in her third Deryni trilogy The Histories of King Kelson. Although The Legends of Camber of Culdi trilogy was published immediately prior to the Histories trilogy the Histories trilogy is a direct sequel to Kurtz' first Deryni series The Chronicles of the Deryni.
 We Are All Made of Glue is English novelist Marina Lewycka's third novel published in 2009. The book follows the friendship of Georgina a recently separated middle-aged freelance journalist and Mrs Shapiro an elderly lady who lives with seven cats in a dilapidated North London mansion.
 The Hand of Glory is a 2002 young-adult novel by Sophie Masson. Set in Melbourne in the mid 19th century it follows the stories of two young people: Sylvia Hoveden who has come from Britain to search for her brother and Anje Otsoa who is searching for his parents' killer.
 Denying History: Who Says the Holocaust Never Happened and Why Do They Say It? is a 2002 book by Michael Shermer and Alex Grobman about Holocaust denial.
 Going Postal is Terry Pratchett's 33rd Discworld novel released in the United Kingdom on 25 September 2004. Unlike most of Pratchett's Discworld novels Going Postal is divided into chapters a feature previously seen only in Pratchett's children's books and the Science of Discworld series. These chapters begin with a synopsis of philosophical themes in a similar manner to some Victorian novels and notably to Jules Verne stories.
 The Lübecker Nachrichten (LN; German for Lübeck News) is a regional daily newspaper in Germany covering Schleswig-Holstein and western Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It is along with the Schleswig-Holsteinischer Zeitungsverlag and the Kieler Nachrichten one of the largest daily newspapers in Schleswig-Holstein.LN appears daily except on Mondays and days after holidays.
 The Babylon series is a series of books by British author Imogen Edwards-Jones which provide exposés of work places or industries using fictionalized characters and real incidents and stories based either on the author's own experiences such as in Hotel Babylon or on stories from anonymous insiders.
 Plant Pathology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell in association with the British Society for Plant Pathology though it was originally published by the Ministry of Agriculture. It was established in 1952. The journal publishes research articles and critical reviews on all aspects of plant pathology except for articles on pesticide and resistance screening. The editor-in-chief is Matt Dickinson.
 The Pit of the Serpent is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in July 1929 issue of Fight Stories.The story is now in the public domain.
 Roman Blood is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by Minotaur Books in 1991. It is the first book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery novels set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 Proceedings of SPIE is the conference record of the SPIE. The first proceedings were published in 1963.
 The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules and regulations (sometimes called administrative law) published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the federal government of the United States.
 The Transformers: Devastation is a six-issue comic book miniseries published by IDW Publishing based on the Transformers and following on from The Transformers: Escalation. Issue 1 of Devastation was released on October 3 2007 with issue 2 following on the 24th of October and was published monthly until February 2008. A follow-up entitled The Transformers: Revelation then followed.
 Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Refuge is a book written in 1988 by Rob Chilson. It is part of the series Isaac Asimov's Robot City which is based on Isaac Asimov's Robot series. It was Rob Chilson's return to writing at novel length after a break of over a decade.
 PsyAnima Dubna Psychological Journal is a scientific journal that publishes articles on psychological theory history methodology as well as empirical studies. The leading scholarly edition of the Revisionist movement in cultural-historical psychology and Vygotskian science.
 The Daily Star Sunday is a weekly tabloid newspaper published in the United Kingdom. It was launched as a sister title to the Daily Star on 15 September 2002.The Daily Star Sunday is published by Express Newspapers which along with the Daily Star also publishes the Daily Express and Sunday Express. The group is owned by Richard Desmond's Northern and Shell company.
 Monster is a novel written in 2005 by Frank E. Peretti. It tells a story of a horrifying predator who terrorizes the woods of northern Idaho. The story deals with views on evolution beneficial mutation and natural selection.
 The Chinese Science Bulletin is a scientific journal cosponsored by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the National Natural Science Foundation of China. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of Science in China Press and focuses on research in various fields of the natural sciences. Since 2011 the journal is published open access under the Creative Commons by Attribution license.
 Quatro Rodas (English: Four Wheels) is an automotive monthly magazine from Brazil published by Editora Abril.
 Molly-Molly Mandy Stories is the first of four original books in the Milly-Molly-Mandy series written by Joyce Lankester Brisley. It was published in 1928 in both paperback and hardback copies.The book contains 13 short stories about the life of the title character and her friends.
 Scarlet Riders is a collection of Northern Short stories originally published in pulp magazines. The book's subtitle is Pulp Fiction Tales of The Mounties. It was edited by Don Hutchison who also provides an introduction covering pulp magazines and the Northern genre as well the writers and stories themselves.
 The Last Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe: The Troy Dossier is a novel written by Manny Meyers first published in 1978 by the J.B. Lippencotte Company. It was released as a mass market paperback under the title The Troy Dossier by BMI books in 1986.The novel concerns Hollis Beckwith the superintendent of the nascent New York City Police Department (established in 1845) enlisting the aid of Edgar Allan Poe to solve a pair of murders in 1846.
 Photo Kano (フォトカノ Foto Kano lit. Photo Girlfriend) is a Japanese dating sim game developed by Dingo Inc. and Enterbrain and was released for the PlayStation Portable on February 2 2012. Due to the Enterbrain's involvement Photo Kano is considered the spiritual successor to KimiKiss and Amagami despite having no recurring staff except for Ichirō Sugiyama who was the producer for KimiKiss. An enhanced version titled Photo Kano Kiss was released on April 25 2013 for the PlayStation Vita.
 Over the Rainbow is the sixth novel by British writer Paul Pickering. It is an often darkly comic love story set against the background of the war and aid work in Afghanistan. It is to be published by Simon & Schuster on 1 March 2012. Pickering walked across Eastern Afghanistan to research the novel.
 Clinical Case Studies is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of psychotherapy including individual couples and family therapy. The editor-in-chief is Daniel L. Segal (University of Colorado). It was established in 2002 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Blood Oath is the third book in the series of original science fiction novels based on the Emmy Award-winning series Babylon 5 created by J. Michael Straczynski. This book is authored by John VornholtThe book focuses on G'Kar and his conflict with the family of Du'Rog.
 Pollard is a novel written by Laura Beatty published in hardback in 2008 by Chatto & Windus and the following year in paperback by Vintage Books. This was her first novel though she had previously written biographies. It won the Authors' Club First Novel Award and was shortlisted for the Ondaatje Prize
 Kiss All the Boys (できのいいキス悪いキス Deki no Ii Kiss Warui Kiss) is a yaoi comedy manga by Shiuko Kano published by Ohzora Publishing and later by Futabasha. It was licensed in English by Aurora Publishing under their Deux Press imprint and released between March 2008 and October 2008. It has been published in Chinese by Tong Li Publishing. Kiss All the Boys is about a hentai author whose gay teenage son comes to live with him and the author's discovery of his own homosexuality.
 Although Of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself: A Road Trip with David Foster Wallace is a 2010 book by David Lipsky about a five day road-trip with the author David Foster Wallace.Lipsky a novelist and contributing editor at Rolling Stone magazine recounts his time spent with the Infinite Jest author at the moment when Wallace realized his work would bring him fame and that this would change his life. The book was a New York Times bestseller.
 Radio Fun was a British comic paper that ran from (issues dates) 15 October 1938 to 18 February 1961 when it became the first out of twelve titles to merge with Buster. By this time it had been renamed to Radio Fun and Adventure. The comic strips included the uncredited work of industry regulars such as Roy Wilson and George and Reg Parlett. The format of the humorous strips was to pack in as many gags and slapstick situations as possible.
 Aperture is a quarterly photography magazine and a book publisher based in New York New York. The magazine is published by the Aperture Foundation a non-profit organization devoted to fine art photography.
 The Devil's Novice is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in fall 1140. It is the eighth novel in the Cadfael Chronicles first published in 1983 (1983 in literature).It is the Anarchy when Empress Maud's forces are rising King Stephen is strengthening ties with needed allies and lords of manors must choose a side. A sturdy younger son of a local manor arrives at the Abbey at Shrewsbury to be a novice.
 Poverty is No Vice (Bednost ne porok Бедность не порок) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky written in 1853 and published as a separate edition in the early 1854. It was premiered in Moscow's Maly Theatre on January 25 1854 and in Saint Petersburg's Alexandrinsky Theatre on September the 9th.
 Fairyland is a series of five fantasy novels by Catherynne M. Valente. It follows a 12-year-old girl named September as she is spirited away from her average life to Fairyland.In Valente's previous novel Palimpsest the narrator briefly discusses a book that one of the characters read as a child The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making. Valente then began a book by that title as a crowd-funded project and published the story online.
 A Walk-On Part in the War is a 1998 fantasy short story by Stephen Dedman.
 Shambleau and Others is a 1953 collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by C. L. Moore. The book was originally announced by Arkham House but never published by them. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1953 in an edition of 4000 copies. The collections contains stories about Moore's characters Northwest Smith and Jirel of Joiry. The stories all originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 Keywords: A Vocabulary of Culture and Society is a book by the Welsh Marxist academic Raymond Williams published in 1976 by Croom Helm.Originally intended to be published along with the author's 1958 work Culture and Society this work examines the history of more than a hundred words that are familiar and yet confusing: Art; Bureaucracy; Culture; Educated; Management; Masses; Nature; Originality; Radical; Society; Welfare; Work; and many others.The approach is cultural rather than etymological. 
 The Slave is a novel written by Isaac Bashevis Singer originally written in Yiddish that tells the story of Jacob a scholar sold into slavery in the aftermath of the Khmelnytsky massacres who falls in love with a gentile woman. Through the eyes of Jacob the book recounts the history of Jewish settlement in Poland at the end of the 17th century. While most of the book's protagonists are Jews the book is also a criticism of Orthodox Jewish society.
 The Popularity Papers is a middle grade book series written and illustrated by Amy Ignatow. The first book of the series was published in 2010. To date five sequels have been published.
 Science-Fiction Handbook is a guide to writing and marketing science fiction and fantasy by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp. The original edition by L. Sprague de Camp alone subtitled The Writing of Imaginative Fiction was published in hardcover by Hermitage House in 1953 as a volume in its Professional Writers Library series.
 Five Are Together Again (published 1963) is a children's novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. First published by Hodder and Stoughton and in its first edition illustrated by Eileen Soper.This is the 21st and last complete novel to feature the Famous Five and was published 21 years after their first adventure Five on a Treasure Island.
 Sender Unknown is a science fiction novel for young adults by Sallie Lowenstein. It was first published by Lion Stone Books in 2002 and later published by Scholastic Inc. in 2006.
 The Man Who Laughs (also published under the title By Order of the King) is a novel by Victor Hugo originally published in April 1869 under the French title L'Homme qui rit. Although among Hugo's most obscure works it was adapted into a popular 1928 film directed by Paul Leni and starring Conrad Veidt Mary Philbin and Olga Baclanova.
 The Forty Days of Musa Dagh (Die vierzig Tage des Musa Dagh) is a 1933 novel by Austrian-Bohemian writer Franz Werfel based on true events that took place in 1915 during the second year of World War I and at the beginning of the Armenian Genocide.
 Sight Unseen is a play by Donald Margulies. At its center is Jonathan Waxman a Brooklyn Jew who has become a very wealthy critically acclaimed artist. Happily married with a baby on the way he travels to London for a retrospective of his work.
 Architectural Heritage is an academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Architectural Heritage Society of Scotland in November each year. It was founded in 1991. The journal focuses on architectural history and conservation articles covering all periods of building up to and including the recent past as well as book reviews and review essays.
 The Shepherd’s Grand-Daughter is a children’s book by Anne Laurel Carter published in 2008. The novel is a fictional account of the complex situation between the Jewish and Muslim communities in Palestine. The conflict is seen through the eyes of Armani a six year old Palestinian girl (at the time the story began) who sees the land of her ancestors stolen from her family.
 John Carter of Mars is the eleventh and final book in the Barsoom series by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is not actually a novel but rather a collection of two John Carter of Mars stories. The first John Carter and the Giant of Mars is a juvenile story penned by Burrough's son John Jack Coleman Burroughs and claimed to have been revised by Burroughs.
 Dawkins' God: Genes Memes and the Meaning of Life is a book by Alister McGrath a theologian who is currently Professor of Historical Theology at Oxford University. The book published in 2004 aims to refute claims about religion made by another well-known professor at Oxford Richard Dawkins.
 Into the Still Blue is the third installment of the Under the Never Sky trilogy. It was published on January 28 2014 and was written by Veronica Rossi. The book is set in a futuristic world where humans are losing time to the Aether (intense lighting storms) that are quickly taking over the world. However there is the Still Blue a location that is believed to be free of Aether storms.
 The Charioteer of Delphi is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published in 2006. It is the twelfth volume of the Roman Mysteries series. Like several of Lawrence’s novels it explores a particular aspect of daily life in Ancient Rome: in this case chariot racing.
 Essays on Truth and Reality is a 1914 book by the English philosopher Francis Herbert Bradley in which he expounds his philosophy of absolute idealism and gives the classic statement of a coherence theory of truth and knowledge.
 Vien Dong Daily News (Vietnamese: Nhật báo Viễn Đông) is one of the three largest Vietnamese-language newspapers published seven days a week by Vietnamese overseas. Founded in 1993 its headquarters is situated in the Little Saigon neighborhood of Westminster California. The newspaper's auditorium Phòng hội Viễn Đông is one of the oldest places hosting Vietnamese-American community and cultural events.
 This Is How You Lose Her is the second collection of short stories by Junot Díaz. It is the third of Díaz' books to feature his recurring protagonist Yunior following his 1996 short story collection Drown and his 2007 novel The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao.
 Rabbit Hill is a novel by Robert Lawson that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1945.
 Pássaro da Manhã is a theatrical one-act drama written by Miguel M. Abrahão in 1978 and staged several times in Brazil. It was published in book form in 2009.
 A Picture of Freedom is a children's historical novel written by Patricia C. McKissack and published by Scholastic in 1997 as part of their Dear America series.
 Woman in the Mists: The Story of Dian Fossey and the Mountain Gorillas of Africa is a 1987 biography of the conservationist Dian Fossey who studied and lived among the mountain gorillas of Rwanda.It is written by the Canadian author Farley Mowat himself a conservationist and author of the book Never Cry Wolf.
 Birdman (1999) was the first novel of British crime-writer Mo Hayder. It introduced her protagonist DI Jack Caffery.
 The Institutes of Natural and Revealed Religion written by 18th-century English Dissenting minister and polymath Joseph Priestley is a three-volume work designed for religious education published by Joseph Johnson between 1772 and 1774. Its central argument is that revelation and natural law must coincide.
 The Ragwitch is a young adult horror/fantasy novel written by Garth Nix. The book was first published in 1990 by Pan Macmillan. It was again published in 1995 by Tor Books and first published in Great Britain in 2005 by HarperCollins.
 Asrar is a Persian-language reformist daily newspaper published in Tehran Iran.
 A Mouthful of Birds is a 1986 play with dance by Caryl Churchill and David Lan with choreography by Ian Spink. Drawing its themes from The Bacchae of Euripides it is a meditation on possession madness and female violence.
 The Angel Makers is a 2007 novel written by Jessica Gregson based on the true story of the The Angel Makers of Nagyrév two Hungarian women who sold arsenic to unhappily married women to kill their husbands. It was published by PaperBooks. Gregson wrote The Angel Makers while working for the Home Office. While reading an encyclopedia on serial killers Gregson saw an entry for the story of a group of women in Hungary who turned on their men during World War I.
 The Pall Mall Budget was a weekly magazine published in London from 1868 until 1920. It was a weekly digest of articles from the Pall Mall Gazette. The full title was The Pall Mall Budget: a weekly collection of articles printed in the Pall Mall Gazette. The Pall Mall Budget was re-launched in 1893 by William Waldorf Astor.
 The Kings County Record is a weekly newspaper serving Sussex New Brunswick and the surrounding area. It began publication in 1887. It is the paper of record in Kings County New Brunswick and is published on Tuesdays.
 The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch is a book set on the Discworld by Terry Pratchett Ian Stewart and Jack Cohen. It is the sequel to The Science of Discworld and The Science of Discworld II: The Globe.As with the first two volumes the book alternates between a Discworld story and a serious scientific discussion.The Science of Discworld series is arguably unique in style: we call it fact/fantasy fusion.
 Spellbound is a 2008 fantasy/magic novel for children and the 3rd to have been written by British author Anna Dale the author of Whispering to Witches and Dawn Undercover.Spellbound is used by the University of Winchester as an example of a book produced by an alumnus of their Creative Writing program who has gone on to become a successful author.
 Reflex is a Czech weekly magazine focusing on political social and cultural topics. It was founded in 1990 and is currently owned by the Swiss media corporation Ringier. It is one of the Czech Republic's most controversial and widely read social-political magazines; its print circulation of 60000 copies (as of January 2010) reaches approximately 270000 readers.
 Eleven Kinds of Loneliness is a collection of short stories written by Richard Yates from 1951 to 1961. All of the stories in Eleven Kinds of Loneliness also appeared in the posthumously released Collected Stories of Richard Yates (2001).
 Lung India is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Chest Society. The journal publishes articles on the subject of respiratory medicine including immunology intensive care sleep medicine thoracic surgery thoracic imaging occupational health and related subjects.
 Hawks over Shem is a 1955 Conan the Barbarian novelette by L. Sprague de Camp based on the story Hawks over Egypt by Robert E. Howard. It is usually credited to Howard and de Camp.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-First Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0-312-32478-0) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2004. It is the 21st in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 La audacia y el cálculo (Spanish: The boldness and the strategy) is a 2011 Argentine book by Beatriz Sarlo. It is focused in the history of Argentina from 2003 to 2010 the presidency of Néstor Kirchner and part of the first presidency of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner (still influenced by Néstor Kirchner). Sarlo details the plots used by Néstor Kirchner to increase his political power.
 Miracle Cure is the second novel by American crime writer Harlan Coben. The novel was first published in 1996 and is currently out of print.
 Terrier is a young adult fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the first book in the Provost's Dog trilogy and the fifteenth book set in the Tortall Universe. It tells the story of Rebakah Beka Cooper the ancestor of George Cooper from Song of the Lioness and Alianne from Trickster's Choice and Trickster's Queen. It is set 200 years prior to the bulk of the Tortall novels.
 The Prince of Tides is a novel by Pat Conroy first published in 1986. It revolves around traumatic events that affected former football player Tom Wingo's relationship with his immediate family. Tom's elder brother Luke met a tragic and premature death and his sister Savannah a published poet has attempted suicide and is now in a deep depression.
 Down and Out in Paris and London is the first full-length work by the English author George Orwell published in 1933. It is a memoir in two parts on the theme of poverty in the two cities. The first part is an account of living on the breadline in Paris and the experience of casual labour in restaurant kitchens.
 Incandescence is a 2008 science fiction novel by Australian author Greg Egan. The book is based on the idea that the theory of general relativity could be discovered by a pre-industrial civilisation.
 Danger Unlimited was a comic book series written and drawn by John Byrne. It ran only four issues with print publication dates of March to June 1994. The series was published by Dark Horse Comics.
 Mist (Spanish: Niebla) is a nivola written by Miguel de Unamuno in 1907 and published in 1914. Unamuno scholars such as J.A.G. Ardila have contended that Mist was inspired by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard's work Diary of a Seducer a novella in Either/Or.
 The Devil in a Forest is a short novel by American writer Gene Wolfe about the conflict between Christianity and an earlier Pagan religion in Europe during the Middle Ages.The hero of the story Mark is an adolescent an orphan and the apprentice to a weaver very near a small holy Christian shrine.The shrine is within the King's Forest and the very small village where he lives is on the edge of the Forest.During the course of the novel the village is occupied by both a brutal squad of the King's foresters and a mob of the Pagan charcoal burners who eke out a living in the Forest.Wolfe explains in an author's note that the novel was inspired by a stanza of the traditional Christmas Carol Good King Wencelas.
 Harm's Way is a 1962 war novel by James Bassett.The explanation for the title was according to Bassett:I wish to have no connection with any ship that does not sail fast; for I intend to go in harm's way.—attributed to John Paul Jones[citation needed]
 Transgenic Research international in scope is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer. The co-editors-in-chief are Paul Christou and Bruce Whitelaw.
 The Trail of the Hawk: A Comedy of the Seriousness of Life is a 1915 novel by Sinclair Lewis.
 Kriyakramakari (Kriyā-kramakarī) is an elaborate commentary in Sanskrit written by Sankara Variar and Narayana two astronomer-mathematicians belonging to the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics on Bhaskara II's well-known textbook on mathematics Lilavati.
 Starseeker is a young adult novel written by British author Tim Bowler. It was originally published in 2002 in the UK. The Mail on Sunday describes Starseeker as 'an intensely moving and powerful story.'.Luke Stanton is the central character in Starseeker. The book begins with Luke just about to break into Mrs Little’s house. He has been threatened and bullied to do this by a group of local boys from his village. In the house he finds a terrified girl and flees without stealing anything.
 The Centinel of the Northwest Territory published in Cincinnati by William Maxwell was the first newspaper in the Northwest Territory. It appeared November 9 1793 and weekly thereafter until June 1796 when it was sold to Edmund Freeman and was merged with Freeman's Journal. Subscription was 250 cents per annum and 7 cents a single copy.
 Merlin's Wood; or The Vision of Magic is a short novel written by Robert Holdstock and was first published in the United Kingdom in 1994. The novel is considered part of the Mythago Wood cycle but takes place in Brittany France instead of Herefordshire England. The work has all new characters and focuses on the mythical birthplace and burial site of Merlin the magical wood Brocéliande.
 Modern Fiction Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1955 at Purdue University's Department of English where it is still edited. It publishes general and themed issues on the topic of modernist and contemporary fiction using original research from literary scholars. It seeks to challenge and expand the perception of modern fiction. Special issues may focus on a specific topic or author. Recent issues have featured Toni Morrison and J. R. R. Tolkien.
 Children of the Mind (1996) is the fourth book of Orson Scott Card's popular Ender's Game series of science fiction novels that focus on the character Ender Wiggin. This book was originally the second half of Xenocide before it was split into two novels.
 101 People Who Are Really Screwing America (and Bernard Goldberg is only #73) is a non-fiction book by Jack Huberman. It was published in 2006 by Nation Books. The book is a liberal response to Bernard Goldberg's book 100 People Who Are Screwing Up America and includes criticism of Republican politicians including George W. Bush Dick Cheney Donald Rumsfeld and Rick Santorum. The book received positive reception in Publishers Weekly and The Nation.
 Gate of Ivrel is a 1976 science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh and was her first published work. It is the first of four books composing the Morgaine Stories chronicling the deeds of Morgaine a woman consumed by a mission of the utmost importance and her chance-met companion Nhi Vanye i Chya. It is tenuously set in her Union-Alliance universe but has little in common with other works in that milieu.
 Infinite Jest is a 1996 novel by David Foster Wallace. The lengthy and complex work takes place in a semi-satiric future version of North America and touches on substance addiction recovery programs depression child abuse family relationships advertising popular entertainment film theory Quebec separatism and tennis among other topics. The novel includes 388 numbered endnotes (some of which have footnotes of their own) that explain or expand on points in the story.
 Coal Creek is a 2013 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller.
 The East Kent Mercury and Dover Mercury are weekly newspapers serving the district of Dover in Kent. The Dover Mercury covers the town of Dover and the East Kent Mercury the towns of Deal and Sandwich. They are owned by the KM Group and are published on Thursdays.
 The Burden of Proof published in 1990 is Scott Turow's second novel somewhat of a sequel to Presumed Innocent. The Burden of Proof follows the story of defense attorney Sandy Stern in the aftermath of his wife's death and the growing realization that there is much about his marriage that he has never understood. Stern's bereavement coincides with his latest case defending commodities broker Dixon Hartnell. Hartnell is a complex figure one that Sandy both admires but also distrusts.
 The Broker is a suspense novel written by American author John Grisham and published in the United States on January 11 2005. The novel follows the story of Joel Backman a newly pardoned prisoner who had tried to broker a deal to sell the world's most powerful satellite surveillance system to the highest bidder.
 Descendants of Darkness (闇の末裔 Yami no Matsuei) is a fantasy manga series created by Yoko Matsushita. The story revolves around shinigami. These Guardians of Death work for Enma Daiō the king of the dead sorting out the expected and unexpected arrivals to the Underworld.
 The Bedroom Secrets of the Master Chefs is the sixth novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh.It has been compared with Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray and Robert Louis Stevenson's The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
 The Australian ZX Users' Association (AZUA) was an Australian computer users' group established in 1981 to support users of the Sinclair ZX80 and Sinclair ZX81 computers. It closed in 1986 after producing thirty-nine issues of its magazine AZUA and the Australian Sinclair Gazette.AZUA was the idea of David Brudenall and David Vernon and they remained the editor and assistant editor respectively throughout the five years of its operation.
 A Prison Diary is a series of three books of diaries written by Jeffrey Archer during his time in prisons following his convictions for perjury and perverting the course of justice.Each volume is named after the parts of Dante's The Divine Comedy. The volumes become progressively longer due to his stay being longer and longer at each prison he went to.
 For the novel of this title by Glendon Swarthout see Welcome to Thebes (novel).Welcome to Thebes is a 2010 play by Moira Buffini. It premiered on 15 June 2010 in a production at the Olivier auditorium of the Royal National Theatre in London directed by Richard Eyre.
 Tales of the Slayers: Broken Bottle of Djinn is a Dark Horse Comics one-shot Buffy the Vampire Slayer comic book that consists of two interrelated stories written by Doug Petrie and Jane Espenson and drawn by Gene Colan and Jeff Matsuda.This special follows the concept of the previous Tales of the Slayers graphic novel.
 Whortle's Hope is the second novel in the Deptford Mouselets Series by Robin Jarvis (published in 2007).
 Tōka Gettan (桃華月憚) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Root and published by Orbit also known for the creation of the Yami to Bōshi to Hon no Tabibito visual novel. The game was released in Japan on May 25 2007 in regular and deluxe editions. A PlayStation 2 version called Tōka Gettan: Kōfū no Ryōō (桃華月憚 ～光風の陵王～) was released on October 1 2009 with adult content removed. A manga adaptation was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comptiq.
 Diplomacy is a 1994 book written by former National Security Advisor and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. It is a sweep of the history of international relations and the art of diplomacy largely concentrating on the 20th century and the Western World.
 The Vor Game is a science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold first published in September 1990. It won the 1991 Hugo Award for Best Novel. The Vor Game is a part of the Vorkosigan Saga and is the sixth full-length novel in publication order. It was included in the 1997 omnibus Young Miles.
 Three Days of Rain is a play by Richard Greenberg that was commissioned and produced by South Coast Repertory in 1997. The title comes from a line from W. S. Merwin's poem For the Anniversary of My Death (1967). The play has often been called Stoppardian but Greenberg says he wasn't aware of Stoppard's work before he wrote the play but instead claims 1967 BBC series The Forsyte Saga was a much greater influence. Three Days of Rain was nominated for the 1998 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
 The Limits of Liberty: American History 1607-1980 is a book by historian Maldwyn Jones first published in 1983 in the Short Oxford History of the Modern World series.It covers 373 years of American history and is the most comprehensive single-authored book on this topic taking nearly 20 years for the author to complete.
 Sheikh Sanan (Azerbaijani: Şeyx Sənan) – is a verse play tragedy in five acts written by an Azerbaijani poet and playwright Huseyn Javid about love of a Muslim sheikh - Sanan to a Georgian-Christian girl Khumar. As it was noted a romantic riot against the anti-humanistic reality of religion is expressed in images of the main heroes of the play – Sanan and Khumar.
 On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation (19 April 1817) is a book by David Ricardo on economics. The book concludes that land rent grows as population increases.
 The Chronicle of the Horse is an American weekly equestrian magazine. It covers dressage hunters and jumpers eventing foxhunting and steeplechase racing.It was started in 1937 by Stacy Barcroft Lloyd Jr and Gerald Webb. It is headquartered in Middleburg Virginia in the same building as the National Sporting Library. In 1953 it changed from tabloid to magazine size. Its website was created in 1998 and forums in 1999.
 Japan Today is an online newspaper based in Tokyo Japan. Launched in September 2000 Japan Today publishes wire articles press releases and photographs as well as opinion and contract pieces such as company profiles in English. Japan Today is a fully owned brand by GPlus Media Co. Ltd. which also owns Gaijinpot.com RealEstate.co.jp and other on-line based enterprises.
 Aggregation was a Canadian online magazine published between 2010 to 2012. Each issue collected together stories and trends from five contributors based on hyperlinks they'd discover on the web. It was one of the first Canadian publications designed exclusively for Apple's iPad.Aggregation was conceived and published by Gary Campbell. It was released online for free on the 15th of the month for six consecutive months from November 2010 to April 2011.
 Piece of Cake is a 1983 novel by Derek Robinson which follows a fictional Royal Air Force fighter squadron through the first year of World War II and the Battle of Britain. It was later made into a television series.Although a work of fiction the novel perports to be as historically accurate as possible.
 Doctor Dolittle's Caravan is a novel written by Hugh Lofting and published in 1926 by Frederick A. Stokes. It deals with the titular character's bird opera centering around a female green canary named Pippinella. It is one of many books Hugh Lofting authored about Doctor John Dolittle.
 The Dervish House is a 2010 science fiction novel by Ian McDonald. The novel was shortlisted for the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 2011 and won the BSFA Award and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award in the same year. It was a nominee for the 2011 Hugo Award for Best Novel.
 Moving the Mountain is a feminist utopian novel written by Charlotte Perkins Gilman. It was published serially in Perkins Gilman's periodical The Forerunner and then in book form both in 1911. The book was one element in the major wave of utopian and dystopian literature that marked the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. The novel was also the first volume in Gilman's utopian trilogy; it was followed by the famous Herland (1915) and its sequel With Her in Ourland (1916).
 The Right to Arm Bears is a collection of Gordon R. Dickson's three science fiction novellas that occur on the planet Dilbia where humans and an alien race known as Hemnoids are trying to win the support of the native bear-like population.
 Redgauntlet (1824) is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott set in Dumfries Scotland in 1765 and described by Magnus Magnusson (a point first made by Andrew Lang) as in a sense the most autobiographical of Scott's novels. It describes the beginnings of a fictional third Jacobite Rebellion and includes Wandering Willie's Tale a famous short story which frequently appears in anthologies.
 After Hours is a 1979 American crime novel written by Edwin Torres and is the sequel to Carlito's Way. Both novels were the basis of the 1993 Brian De Palma film Carlito's Way.
 The Alaska Quarterly Review is a biannual literary journal founded in 1982 by Ronald Spatz and James Liszka at the University of Alaska Anchorage. Ronald Spatz serves as editor-in-chief.
 Fars or Al-Montabaaho-fil-Fars (Persian:المنطبعه فی القارس) is an iranian newspaper in Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Mirza Taghikhan Kashani and it was published in Shiraz since 1872.That was the first modern newspaper which was published in the south of Iran.
 The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. is a 1981 literary novella written by George Steiner in which Jewish Nazi hunters find Adolf Hitler (A.H.) alive in the Amazon jungle thirty years after the end of World War II. The book generated considerable controversy after its publication because in it Steiner who is Jewish allows Hitler to defend himself when he is put on trial in the jungle by his captors.
 Destak is a Portuguese free daily newspaper which is distributed in Lisbon Porto and Coimbra and also other Portuguese cities. It is chiefly offered at rail and subway stations but also at cafeterias universities offices and hospitals. It is also an online newspaper.It was the first free newspaper in Portugal (excluding some local publications such as free university student journals) prior to the Portuguese edition of Metro International.
 Illinois Times is a weekly free newspaper (distributed every Thursday) based in Springfield Illinois. Founded in 1975 the newspaper was acquired in 1977 by Fletcher Farrar Sr. a Mount Vernon Ill. businessman who employed his son Fletcher Bud Farrar Jr. as editor. The senior Farrar died in 1995; his son sold the paper two years later. Farrar Jr. reacquired control in 2002 and returned as editor in 2008.
 For the Australian magazine see Dissent (Australian magazine).Dissent is a quarterly magazine focusing on politics and culture edited by Michael Kazin. The magazine is published by the University of Pennsylvania Press on behalf of the Foundation for the Study of Independent Social Ideas.
 Intermediate Perl is a book about the Perl programming language by Randal L. Schwartz brian d foy and Tom Phoenix published in 2006 by O'Reilly Media. It was released as a retitled second edition of Learning Perl Objects References & Modules (ISBN 0-596-00478-8) by Schwartz and Phoenix published by O'Reilly Media in 2003 to favorable reviews. A second edition of Intermediate Perl was released in 2012.Intermediate Perl is a follow-up to Learning Perl.
 Barbarian Princess is the second in a historical fiction trilogy about the 1st-century Roman Empire. Set primarily in Roman Britain circa AD 76-79 it follows the adventures of a pair of Roman brothers - one free-born and one slave-born - as they serve in the Roman legions.
 The Book of Kane is a collection of fantasy short stories by Karl Edward Wagner featuring his character Kane. It was first published in 1985 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2125 copies of which 425 copies were signed and slipcased. The first story first appeared in Wagner's earlier collection Death Angel's Shadow. The other stories originally appeared in the magazines Sorcerer's Apprentice Escape! and Chacal. The collection is illustrated by Jeffrey Jones.
 The Red Book also known as Liber Novus (Latin for New Book) is a 205-page manuscript written and illustrated by Swiss psychiatrist Carl Gustav Jung between approximately 1914 and 1930 prepared for publication by The Philemon Foundation and published by W. W. Norton & Co. on October 7 2009. Until 2001 his heirs denied scholars access to the book which he began after a falling-out with Sigmund Freud in 1913.
 The Fortunate Pilgrim is a 1965 novel by Mario Puzo. Until his dying day Mario Puzo considered the novel his finest most poetic and literary work.
 The Tivington Nott is a novel by the Australian author Alex Miller and is based on the lives of real people in Somerset on the borders of Exmoor. Miller tells his own story of a young labourer swept up in the adventure of riding second horse in a west country stag hunt. The Tivington Nott was first published by Robert Hale (UK) in 1989 and was republished by Allen & Unwin (Australia) in 2005.
 Beneath Ceaseless Skies (BCS) is a fantasy adventure online magazine published in the United States by Firkin Press.
 The Truth about Sancho Panza (Die Wahrheit über Sancho Pansa) is a short story by Franz Kafka. It was not published until 1931 seven years after his death. Max Brod selected stories and published them in the collection Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer. The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China.
 The Origins of the Second World War is a non-fiction book by the English historian A. J. P. Taylor examining the causes of World War II. It was first published in 1961 by Hamish Hamilton.
 Teheran een zwanezang (Tehran a Swan Song) is a novel by Dutch author F. Springer published in 1991. It is a love story set against the background of the Iranian Revolution.
 Ethics and Language is a 1944 book by C. L. Stevenson which was influential in furthering the metaethical view of emotivism first espoused by David Hume.
 Spring Awakening (German: Frühlings Erwachen) (also translated as Spring's Awakening) is the German dramatist Frank Wedekind's first major play and a seminal work in the modern history of theatre. It was written sometime between autumn 1890 and spring 1891 but did not receive its first performance until 20 November 1906 when it premiered at the Deutsches Theater in Berlin under the direction of Max Reinhardt. It carries the sub-title A Children's Tragedy.
 Grasshopper is a novel by Barbara Vine pseudonym of author Ruth Rendell first published in 2000.
 Sandry's Book by Tamora Pierce is a fantasy novel set mainly in Emelan. It is the first in a quartet of books: The Circle of Magic starring four young mages as they discover their magic.
 Dynamis is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of medicine and science. It publishes articles notes documents and reviews in Spanish and English (with some articles in French Italian or Portuguese).Contents are freely accessible online six months after publication from Revistes Catalanes amb Accés Obert (RACO) and SciELO.
 The Journal of Environment & Development is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the fields of environmental studies and international policy. The journal's editor-in-chief is Raymond Clémençon (Bren School of Environmental Science and Management). It was established in 1992 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Daily Star is a daily newspaper in Oneonta New York United States. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.It also owns and operates the Cooperstown Crier a weekly newspaper in Cooperstown New York.Community Newspaper Holdings bought The Daily Star and Cooperstown Crier in late 2006 from Ottaway Community Newspapers a division of Dow Jones & Company.
 Missbehave was a Brooklyn-based women's magazine that covered fashion music art and pop culture. Columnists included Kelis Matt Goias Gavin McInnes Sarah Morrison and Lesley Arfin and regularly featured models Kim Matulova Victoria Brito Joli Robinson and Brissi.
 Excellent Cadavers is a 1995 non-fiction book by American author Alexander Stille about the Sicilian Mafia concentrating on magistrate Giovanni Falcone's fight against the Mafia and his 1992 assassination.The name of the book comes from the phrase excellent cadavers (cadaveri eccellenti) or illustrious corpses used in Italy when referring to high-profile victims of the Mafia such as politicians judges and police chiefs (as opposed to less public victims claimed by day-to-day Mafia business). 
 To Live Forever is a science fiction novel by Jack Vance first published in 1956. In the Vance Integral Edition it was retitled Clarges.
 The Examiner is the daily newspaper of eastern Jackson County Missouri including Independence Blue Springs and Grain Valley.The Examiner was first published as a weekly newspaper in 1898 by Col. William Southern. The daily edition began publication as The Independence Examiner May 16 1905.
 Answer Me! (typically rendered ANSWER Me!) was a magazine edited by Jim and Debbie Goad and published between 1991 and 1994.
 Images of Organization is a bestseller book by Gareth Morgan professor of organizational behavior/industrial relations at the Schulich School of Business at York University in Toronto which attempts to unveil organization via a number of metaphors.
 Utilitas is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering political philosophy and jurisprudence published by Cambridge University Press. It was established in 1989 and the editor-in-chief is Brad Hooker (University of Reading).
 Folio Weekly is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Jacksonville Florida. Founded in 1987 it is the largest and most influential alternative paper in Northeast Florida. It is a member of the Association of Alternative Newsmedia and has won three AAN Awards. The paper has a circulation of 41928 as of June 2012.
 National Lampoon The Job of Sex: a Workingman's Guide to Productive Lovemaking is a humorous book that was first published in 1974. It was a spin-off from National Lampoon magazine. The book was a parody of the 1972 book The Joy of Sex. The parody was written by several of the National Lampoon's regular contributors and was edited by Brian McConnachie.
 The Little Endless Storybook is a picture book by Jill Thompson published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. It features the popular Endless characters from Neil Gaiman's The Sandman comic book reimagined as toddlers. A second Little Endless Storybook titled Delirium's Party was released in 2011.
 Ayesha the Return of She is a gothic-fantasy novel by the popular Victorian author H. Rider Haggard published in 1905 as a sequel to his far more popular and well known novel She. It was serialised in the Windsor Magazine in 1904-5.Its significance was recognised by its republication by the Newcastle Publishing Company as the fourteenth volume of the celebrated Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library series in October 1977.In the introduction Sir H.
 The Afghan is a 2006 thriller novel by Frederick Forsyth.
 The Bed-Sitting Room is a satirical play by Spike Milligan and John Antrobus. It began as a one-act play which was first produced on 12 February 1962 at the Marlowe Theatre in Canterbury England where it received good local notices.
 Dinosaur Hour! (恐竜の時間) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hitoshi Shioya. It features short stories about dinosaurs in humorous situations. It is unique for featuring chapters only 7 or 8 pages long. It started publication in 2004 while the first (and only) volume was published in Japan in 2006 and is published in Japan by Poplar Publishing. Viz Media has released this volume in English as well.
 The Journal of Mining Science is a bimonthly peer reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media that covers all aspects of mining engineering. Topics include geomechanics information geoscience the properties and behaviors of rock in various environments and conditions and various technologies applied to mining. The editor-in-chief is Victor N. Oparin.
 The Journal of Applied Electrochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering electrochemistry focusing on technologically orientated aspects. A major topic of the journal is the application of electrochemistry to technological development and practice.
 A Nest of Occasionals  published in 2009 is collection of autobiographical essays by New Zealand-Australian comedian Tony Martin. It is a follow up to his first book Lolly ScrambleThe people mentioned in the book are not referred to by their real names.The book is dedicated to Martin's late co-presenter Richard Marsland.
 The Ada Evening News is a daily newspaper published six days a week in Ada Oklahoma. The publication's coverage area includes Pontotoc County and portions of Coal County Garvin County Hughes County Johnston County Murray County and Seminole County. The newspaper is published in the afternoon Monday through Friday and on Sunday morning.The Thomson Corporation sold the Ada Evening News along with 11 other papers to the American Publishing Company (later Hollinger International) in 1995.
 Conan the Usurper is a 1967 collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. Most of the stories originally appeared in the fantasy magazine Weird Tales in the 1930s. The book has been reprinted a number of times since by various publishers and has also been translated into German Spanish Italian Swedish and Dutch.
 Shōnen Hollywood (少年ハリウッド Shōnen Horiuddo) is a Japanese media franchise created by Ikuyo Hashiguchi. It consists of an idol project a novel by Hashiguchi that was published by Shogakukan in 2012 and an anime television series by Zexcs that is scheduled to air from July 2014.
 The Undertaker comics were a short series of comic book adaptations of the professional wrestler The Undertaker. It was produced by the now defunct Chaos! Comics and was written by Beau Smith with art by Manny Clark.It focused mostly on his (kayfabe) background and also featured such characters as Paul Bearer Mankind and the Undertaker's half-brother Kane.
 Revista Santástico is a Brazilian sports magazine entirely dedicated to the football club Santos FC. It is released on a monthly basis. Issues are published every four weeks for the Santos club members and the Peixe's Fan Club Card Holders.Contributors to the magazine include specialised journalists from other media who both write monthly columns. Also included in the magazine are reports on the club's matches in the previous month as well as information about the reserve and youth teams.
 Heat is a 1985 novel by William Goldman about a soldier of fortune in Las Vegas.It was adapted into a 1986 film that starred Burt Reynolds and is being remade for a 2014 version with Jason Statham.The novel is about a man named Nick Escalante nicknamed the Mex by his friends who hires himself out in Las Vegas not as a mercenary or bodyguard but as a service listed in the Yellow Pages directory under Chaperone. He eschews firearms but is particularly lethal with sharp objects.Escalante has one ambition which is to save up enough money so that he can move to Venice Italy for the rest of his life. 
 The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters is a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel written by Robert Lewis Taylor which was later made into a short-running television series on ABC from September 1963 through March 1964 featuring Kurt Russell as Jaimie Dan O'Herlihy as his father Doc Sardius McPheeters and Michael Witney and Charles Bronson as the wagon masters Buck Coulter and Linc Murdock respectively.
 Tobacco Road is a play by Jack Kirkland first performed in 1933 based on the novel of the same name by Erskine Caldwell. The play ran on Broadway for a total of 3182 performances becoming the longest-running play in history at the time. As of 2014 it is still the 18th longest-running Broadway show in history as well as being the second longest-running non-musical ever on Broadway.
 Green for Danger is a popular 1944 detective novel by Christianna Brand praised for its clever plot interesting characters and wartime hospital setting. It was made into a 1946 film which is regarded by film historians as one of the greatest screen adaptations of a Golden Age mystery novel.
 Stalking Darkness is the second book in Lynn Flewelling's Nightrunner series. It is preceded by Luck in the Shadows and followed by Traitor's Moon Shadows Return and The White Road.A master of subterfuge a rogue thief with a noble air Seregil of Rhiminee has taught his young protégé Alec of Kerry his greatest secrets of the trade.
 Once a Mouse is a 1961 book by Marcia Brown. Released by Scribner Press it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1962 Brown's second honor.
 The Blythes Are Quoted is a book completed by L.M. Montgomery near the end of her life as the ninth book in her beloved Anne of Green Gables series. It consists of an experimental blend of 15 short stories 41 poems and numerous vignettes featuring Anne Shirley Blythe and her family discussing her poetry. The book focusses on small-town life in Glen St.
 Safe Harbour is a novel written by Danielle Steel and published by Random House in November 2003. The book is Steel's sixty-first novel.
 Change 123 (ちぇんじ123 Chenji Hi-Fu-Mi) is a manga series written by Iku Sakaguchi and illustrated by Shiuri Iwasawa. This action-comedy follows Motoko Gettou a normal female high school student with a not so normal secret. When she was a child she was trained by her three martial artist fathers. Subjected to excessive physical and mental training Motoko developed three distinct split-personalities known as Hibiki Fujiko and Mikiri. Collectively they refer to themselves as HiFuMi.
 This article is about the present-day newspaper. For the newspaper of the same name published from 1923 to 1954 see Los Angeles Daily News (historic).The Los Angeles Daily News is the second-largest-circulating daily newspaper of Los Angeles California.
 The Black Book is a novel by Lawrence Durrell published in 1938 by the Obelisk Press. It is set with two competing narrators: Lawrence Lucifer on Corfu in Greece and Death Gregory in London. Faber and Faber offered to publish the novel in an expurgated edition but on the advice of Henry Miller Durrell declined.
 Kings in Grass Castles is a 1959 novel by Dame Mary Durack (1913-1994). The novel is considered a classic of Australian literature.It is the story of Durack's pioneering family establishing its pastoral interests in the Australian outback during the 19th century and concerns the life and times of Durack's grandfather Patrick Durack an Irish immigrant who became a leader of the overlanders who brought their cattle on hoof to the tropical north.
 Póvoa Semanário is one of the three main local newspapers of Póvoa de Varzim Portugal.Its current editor-in-chief is Catarina Pessanha.
 European Political Science (EPS) is a peer-reviewed academic journal. The professional journal of the European Consortium for Political Research (ECPR) it has been published in collaboration with Palgrave Macmillan since 2005. The journal's interpretation of 'political science' is wide and encompasses comparative politics political economy international relations public administration political theory European studies and related disciplines.
 Turnaround: Crisis Leadership and the Olympic Games is a 2004 book written by Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney with the acknowledged assistance of Timothy Robinson. The book tells the account of the scandal and turnaround of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.A paperback edition was released in 2007.
 Giants Monsters & Dragons: An Encyclopedia of Folklore Legend and Myth is an encyclopedia of monsters folklore myths and legends compiled by Carol Rose. The book features small entries about monsters folklore myths and legends from around the world and includes many illustrations.
 Novi reporter (New reporter in English) is a weekly news magazine based in Banja Luka Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Yale Journal of Medicine & Law is a magazine based at Yale University that explores the intersection of law and medicine covering topics like healthcare policy bioethics healthcare economics biomedical research and global health care. The magazine was established in 2003 and is written edited and published by Yale University students. Each issue of the The Yale Journal of Medicine & Law focuses on a central theme.
 Our Cancer Year is a graphic novel written by Harvey Pekar and Joyce Brabner and illustrated by Frank Stack. Published in 1994 by the New York Press publisher Four Walls Eight Windows Our Cancer Year (an offshoot of the cult favorite comic book series American Splendor) relates the story of Harvey's struggle to overcome cancer as well as serving as a social commentary on events of that year. Our Cancer Year won the 1995 Harvey Award for best original graphic novel.
 First to Fight is the first book in the StarFist series by David Sherman and Dan Cragg. The series is based on the experiences of Marines in the 25th century. The first book introduces three of the main characters Gunnery Sergeant Charlie Bass and new Marine recruits Claypoole and Dean.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 11 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in November 1985.The book collects thirteen novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors originally published in 1984 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented together with an introduction by the editor. It includes one posthumously published work (the story by Smith).
 Boku wo Tsutsumu Tsuki no Hikari (ボクを包む月の光 Embraced by the Moonlight) is an ongoing science fiction manga series by Saki Hiwatari. It is published by Hakusensha in the monthly manga magazine Bessatsu Hana to Yume and has been collected in eleven tankōbon volumes as of June 2012. It is a sequel to Hiwatari's previous work Please Save My Earth and features the two focus characters of that series Alice Sakaguchi (now Kobayashi) and Rin Kobayashi.
 Kinowa is an Italian comic book series created by Andrea Lavezzolo andEsseGesse.
 Kilico is a manga series written and illustrated by Kiba Koichi published in Kodansha's Morning magazine. It ran for 41 chapters and was compiled into 4 volumes.
 Poodle Springs is the eighth Philip Marlowe novel. It was started in 1958 by Raymond Chandler who left it unfinished at his death in 1959. The four chapters he had completed which bore the working title The Poodle Springs Story were subsequently published in Raymond Chandler Speaking (1962) a collection of letter excerpts and miscellaneous unpublished writings. In 1988 on the occasion of the centenary of Chandler's birth crime writer Robert B.
 I Walked with Heroes is an autobiographical book written by Carlos P. Romulo a former Philippine general journalist poet story writer diplomat former resident commissioner to Washington D.C. former Philippine ambassador to the United States and former President of the United Nations General Assembly.
 Normal Accidents: Living with High-Risk Technologies is an award-winning 1984 book by Yale sociologist Charles Perrow which provides a detailed analysis of complex systems conducted from a social sciences perspective. It was the first to propose a framework for characterizing complex technological systems such as air traffic marine traffic chemical plants dams and especially nuclear power plants according to their riskiness.
 Dark Matter is an anthology series of science fiction fantasy and horror stories and essays produced by people of African descent. The editor of the series is Sheree Thomas. The first book in the series Dark Matter: A Century of Speculative Fiction from the African Diaspora (2000) won the 2001 World Fantasy Award for Best Anthology. The second book in the Dark Matter series Dark Matter: Reading the Bones (2004) won the World Fantasy Award for Best Anthology in 2005.
 The Witch's Daughter is a children's novel by Nina Bawden first published in 1966. It has been dramatised for television twice with Fiona Kennedy (1971) and Sammy Glenn (1996) in the title role.
 At Home: A Short History of Private Life is a history of domestic life written by Bill Bryson. It was published in May 2010. The book covers topics of the commerce architecture technology and geography that have shaped homes into what they are today told through a series of tours through Bryson's Norfolk rectory that quickly digress into the history of each particular room.
 The Dreams in the Witch House is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft part of the Cthulhu Mythos genre of horror fiction. Written in January/February 1932 it was first published in the July 1933 issue of Weird Tales.
 Stationary Bike is a short story by American writer Stephen King originally published in the fifth edition of From the Borderlands in 2003. In 2008 it was published in King's collection Just After Sunset.
 Sankya (Russian: Санькя) is a 2006 novel by the Russian writer Zakhar Prilepin. «Sankya» is a story about Sasha Tishin member of revolutionary organization similar to National Bolshevik Party.This novel was published in 2006 in Ad Marginem (Russia).
 Food Inc.: How Industrial Food Is Making Us Sicker Fatter and Poorer—And What You Can Do About It is a 2009 companion book to the documentary film of the same name about the industrialization of food production and about the negative results to human health and to the natural environment. Edited by Karl Weber the book is co-published by Participant Media and PublicAffairs Books.
 The Vulcan Academy Murders is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Jean Lorrah.
 Ring (リング Ringu) is a Japanese horror novel by Koji Suzuki first published in 1991 and set in modern-day Japan. It was the basis for a film of the same name (1998's Ring) and two remakes: a Korean version (The Ring Virus) and an American version (The Ring).
 Guys Write for Guys Read is a compilation of essays for the Guys Read organization. Edited by children's book author Jon Scieszka it features contributions from Lloyd Alexander Christopher Paolini James Howe Mo Willems Jack Gantos Stephen King Neil Gaiman and other male children's and young adult authors.
 Set This House on Fire is a novel by William Styron set in a small village of the Amalfi coast in Italy centred on the themes of evil and redemption. The narrator Peter Leverett is a lawyer from the South but the story is primarily told through the recollections of its protagonist a troubled artist named Cass Kinsolving.
 This is about the Filipino novel. For the music album see More Than Conquerors.More Than Conquerors is an award-winning second novel by Filipino author Edilberto K. Tiempo.The novel first appeared in 1959 in the pages of Weekly Women’s Magazine. It was first published in book format in 1964.
 The Alienist is a crime novel by Caleb Carr first published in 1994. It takes place in New York City in 1896 and includes appearances by many famous figures of New York society in that era including Theodore Roosevelt and J. P. Morgan. The sequel to the novel is The Angel of Darkness. The story follows Roosevelt then New York City police commissioner and Dr.
 Motorsport News is a British weekly newspaper first published in 1955. Motorsport News includes news reports and analysis of British circuit racing rallying and other forms of motor sport. It also includes some international news and reports including Formula One coverage. The current Formula One correspondent is Simon Arron.The title is released every Wednesday and is published by Haymarket Media Group.
 Alamat Lankapuri (Malay: علامت لڠكڤوري 'News from the Island of Lanka') was a Malay language fortnightly publication in Jawi script issued from Colombo Ceylon. Alamat Lankapuri was first published in June 1869. It was the first Jawi script Malay-language newspaper printed worldwide. The newspaper was printed by lithograph.Baba Ounus Saldin was the publisher editor and lithographer of Alamat Lankapuri.
 Zodiac: An Eco-Thriller (1988) is Neal Stephenson's second novel which tells the story of an environmentalist Sangamon Taylor uncovering a conspiracy involving industrialist polluters in Boston Harbor. The Zodiac of the title refers to the brand of inflatable motor boats the hero uses to get around the city efficiently. His opponents attempt to frame him as an ecoterrorist.The protagonist is inspired by environmental chemist Marco Kaltofen.
 The Best of L. Sprague de Camp is a collection of writings by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp first published in hardback by Nelson Doubleday in February 1978 and in paperback by Ballantine Books in May of the same year. The book was reprinted by Ballantine in May 1986. It has also been translated into German.The book contains short works of fiction and poetry by the author together with an introduction by fellow science fiction writer Poul Anderson.
 Stands a Shadow is the second book in the Heart of the World Series written by Col Buchanan./
 Micron is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of microscopy. It was established in 1969 and is published by Elsevier.
 The South African Law Journal is the world's second-oldest law journal after the University of Pennsylvania Law Review.[citation needed] It was established in 1884 making it one year older than England's Law Quarterly Review. It was edited for years at the University of the Witwatersrand Law School first by Bobby Hahlo and then for a period of over fifty years by Ellison Kahn. Graham Glover (Rhodes University) is currently on a three-year term as its managing editor.
 Dutch Uncle is a play by Simon Gray set in a living room in a decaying house in Shepherd's Bush in 1952. It features Mr Godboy whose obsession with the police leads him to go to elaborate lengths to get the attention of the charismatic Inspector Hawkins.
 Life with Archie was a comic book published by Archie comics from 1958 to 1991. It featured Archie Andrews in adventure stories that were more dramatic than the standard Archie tales. In 2010 it was revived as a magazine-sized comic devoted to stories that grew out of Archie Marries Veronica/Archie Marries Betty. Archie's character is set to be killed off in the second to last issue Life With Archie #36.
 Blue Murder is a play by Australian playwright Beatrix Christian. It was first published by Currency Press in 1994.
 The Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed academic journal for scientific research on cognitive neuroscience and the interaction between brain and behavior. It aims for a cross-discipline approach covering research in neuroscience neuropsychology cognitive psychology neurobiology linguistics computer science and philosophy.
 The Myanmar Gazette (Burmese: ရတနာပုံ နေပြည်တော် သတင်းစာ; Yadanabon Naypyidaw Thadinza) is a San Gabriel Valley-based Burmese language newspaper intended for overseas Burmese with a primary focus on Burmese related news in the United States and Canada. The monthly paper has a total circulation of 12000 and is distributed at major cities across the US and Canada with sizable Burmese populations.
 ArtReview is an international contemporary art magazine based in London.
 EURASIP Journal on Advances in Signal Processing is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering theoretical and practical aspects of signal processing in new and emerging technologies.
 Lagniappe - Something Extra for Mobile - is a bi-weekly alternative newspaper published in Mobile Alabama. Lagniappe was first published bi-weekly on July 24 2002 under the guidance of co-publishers Ashley Toland and Rob Holbert who now serve as editor and managing editor respectively. Beginning March 2014 Lagniappe is published weekly.
 Cirie is a novel by Mildred Savage. The novel was originally published in paperback by Writers Club Press in 2002.
 Ballaciner is an essay by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio with help from Gilles Jacob.
 The Real Analysis Exchange (RAEX) is a biannual mathematics journal publishing survey articles research papers and conference reports in real analysis and related topics. Its editor-in-chief is Paul D. Humke.
 The Tart was a free London-based satirical newspaper and later an online webzine.
 The Nordic Journal of African Studies is an interdisciplinary academic journal published by the Nordic Association of African Studies. Since 2008 it publishes material primarily in the fields of African language studies African literatures and African cultural studies.
 Dust of the Damned is a 2012 novel by Western author Peter Brandvold. It is a Weird Western a Western with supernatural or paranormal content. The two main characters arewerewolf hunter Uriah Zane and beautiful Deputy U.S. Marshal Aubrey Coffin.
 The Entomologist's Monthly Magazine is a British entomological journal first published in 1864. The journal publishes original papers and notes on all orders of insects and terrestrial arthropods from any part of the world specialising in groups other than Lepidoptera.Although its name would suggest otherwise it is currently produced only four times per year by Pemberley Books as of 2007.
 Boomsday is a 2007 novel by Christopher Buckley which is a political satire about the rivalry between squandering Baby Boomers and younger generations of Americans who do not want to pay high taxes for their elders' retirement.
 The Pocket Book of Boners is a book illustrated by Theodor Seuss Geisel (Dr. Seuss) originally published as four separate books in 1931-32 by The Viking Press. In 1941 Readers' League of America compiled these four books and published the Pocket Book of Boners.The Pocket Book of Boners contains 22 illustrations of boners by Dr. Seuss.
 Santa Claus: A Morality (or just Santa Claus) is a play written by 20th-century poet E. E. Cummings in 1946. The play is an allegorical Christmas tale consisting of one act of five scenes. In the play Santa Claus deals with the increasing materialism and lust for knowledge around him and becomes consumed by it because of Death. However the love Santa has for his family allows him to reject these things.The play was inspired by Cummings's daughter Nancy with whom he was reunited in 1946.
 The Price of Murder is the tenth historical mystery novel about Sir John Fielding by Bruce Alexander (a pseudonym for Bruce Cook).
 The Journal of Political Economy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. It covers both theoretical and empirical economics. It was established in 1892 and the editor-in-chief is Philip J. Reny (University of Chicago).
 Barron's is an American weekly newspaper founded in 1921. It covers U.S. financial information market developments and relevant statistics. Each issue provides a wrap-up of the previous week's market activity news reports and an informative outlook on the week to come.
 The Casual Vacancy is a 2012 novel written by British writer J. K. Rowling. The book was published worldwide by the Little Brown Book Group on 27 September 2012. A paperback edition was released on 23 July 2013. It was Rowling's first publication since the Harry Potter series her first apart from that series and her first novel for adult readership.The novel is set in a suburban West Country town called Pagford and begins with the death of beloved Parish Councillor Barry Fairbrother.
 Miracle Dog: How Quentin Survived the Gas Chamber to Speak for Animals on Death Row is a non-fiction book written by Randy Grim. Published in February 2005 by Blue Ribbon Books the book details the story of a dog named Quentin who survived fifteen minutes in a carbon monoxide gas chamber at the St. Louis Missouri animal shelter in 2003. Grim the president and founder of Stray Rescue of St.
 Assassin Mountain is an accessory for the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 The Waterloo Region Record is the daily newspaper covering Waterloo Region Ontario Canada including the cities of Kitchener Waterloo and Cambridge as well as the surrounding area. Since December 1998 the Record has been published by Metroland Media Group a subsidiary of Torstar Corporation.
 The Badd Lads was a comic strip that ran in The Beezer for twenty years starring Fingers Knuck and Boss who were inept crooks. They were always getting caught escaping jail and then finding themselves incarcerated again. Fingers was your quintessential spiv with the pencil thin moustache Knuck was the thick set soft goon and Boss was the short but smart brains of the outfit.The Badd Ladds was illustrated by Malcolm Judge from January 1960 through to 1987.
 The Asian Journal of Communication is a peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on the systems and processes of communication in the Asia-Pacific region and among Asian communities around the world. The journal is published by Routledge on behalf of the Asian Media Information and Communication Centre and the editor-in-chief is Hao Xiaoming.
 The Hundred Tales of Wisdom is a translation from the Persian by Idries Shah of the Life Teachings and Miracles of Jalaludin Rumi from Aflaki’s Munaqib together with certain important stories from Rumi’s own works traditionally known by that title. It was published by Octagon Press in 1978.
 Dangerous Women is a cross-genre anthology featuring 21 original short stories from some of the biggest authors in the science fiction/fantasy field edited by George R. R. Martin and Gardner Dozois and released on December 3 2013.
 Scary Stories is the debut collection of five short stories by Don Roff. In addition to the stories the 64-page book contains blank pages for readers to write their own horror tales. The hardback book has a creepy hand lock and key to keep any writing in the book by the owner confidential. The book was published by Tangerine Press an imprint of Scholastic Corporation through Scholastic Book Clubs.
 Speech Sounds is a science fiction short story by Octavia Butler. It was most recently published in a collection of short stories titled Wastelands: Stories of the Apocalypse (Night Shade Books 2008). It was first published in Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine in 1983. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1984.
 Miss Marple's Final Cases and Two Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Collins Crime Club in October 1979 retailing at £4.50.
 Dragonlance Campaign Setting is an accessory for the Dragonlance campaign setting for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Man Who Knew Too Much and other stories (1922) is a book of detective stories by English writer G. K. Chesterton published by Cassell and Company in 1922. The book contains twelve stories the first eight of which are about The Man Who Knew Too Much while the final four are individual stories featuring separate heroes/detectives.
 Less Than One: Selected Essays is a collection of literary and autobiographical essays by the Russian poet and Nobel Prize-winning author Joseph Brodsky. It was published in 1986 by Farrar Straus and Giroux and won that year's National Book Critics Circle Award for Criticism. The book includes essays on fellow Russian writers like Dostoyevsky Mandelstam and Platonov as well as the poet W.H. Auden.
 The Northwest Herald is a daily newspaper published in Crystal Lake Illinois. The paper has a circulation of about 33000 with a coverage area of McHenry County and northern Kane County in the Northwest Suburbs of Chicago.The Northwest Herald is owned by Shaw Media. Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Kane County Chronicle DeKalb Daily Chronicle Lake County Journal Great Lakes Bulletin McHenryCountySports.com and PlanitNorthwest.com.
 Smart Women is a 1983 novel by Judy Blume that tells the story of a divorcee who falls for her friend's ex-husband.
 People of the Fire is a 1991 historical fiction novel written by husband-and-wife co-authors W. Michael Gear & Kathleen O'Neal Gear. It dramatizes the transition of Native American culture from Paleo-Indian to Archaic as a result of climatic warming set in the High Plains and Western Rockies region. It is the second book in the The First North Americans series.
 A Single Shard is the winner of the 2002 Newbery Medal awarded for excellence in children's literature; it also received an honorable mention from the Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature. The novel was written by Linda Sue Park and is set in 12th-century Korea.SummaryThe Single Shard tells the story of a 12-year-old boy named Tree-ear. He is an orphan and lives under a bridge in Ch’ulp’o a small village in 12th Century Korea with Crane-man a crippled old man.
 The City is an American magazine of evangelical Christianity that was established in 2008.
 Bad Science is a book by Ben Goldacre criticising mainstream media reporting on health and science issues. Published by Fourth Estate in September 2008 the book contains extended and revised versions of many of his Guardian columns. It has been positively reviewed by the British Medical Journal and the Daily Telegraph and has reached the Top 10 bestseller list for Amazon Books. It was shortlisted for the 2009 Samuel Johnson Prize.
 A Pack of Lies: twelve stories in one is a children's novel with metafictional elements written by Geraldine McCaughrean and published by Oxford in 1988. It features a family antique shop whose new salesman tells historical tales to sell antiques. The stories vary widely in type.McCaughrean won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.
 Chiefs is the first novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 1981 by W. W. Norton & Company. The novel takes place in the fictional town of Delano Georgia over three generations as three different police chiefs attempt to identify a serial killer operating in the area. It is Woods' first published novel. As the author explains in a note it was inspired by the story of his grandfather's death while serving as a police chief.
 Parfait Tic! (パフェちっく! Pafe Chikku!) is a Japanese shōjo manga by Nagamu Nanaji. It was published by Shueisha in Margaret from 2000 to 2007 and collected in 22 volumes. The story revolves around the lives of a girl and two boys who are cousins and their love triangle.It is published in China by Jade Dynasty[citation needed] in France by Panini Comics[citation needed] in Indonesia by Elex Media[citation needed] and in Italy by Star Comics.[citation needed]
 Coilhouse was an American digital and print magazine and corresponding blog. It was founded in 2008 by Nadya Lev Meredith Yayanos and Zoetica Ebb. and carries the tagline A Love Letter to Alternative Culture.
 Careful He Might Hear You is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Sumner Locke Elliott. It was published in 1963.The 1983 film Careful He Might Hear You was based on the novel.
 The Sunshine Coast Daily is the only daily newspaper specifically serving the Sunshine Coast region of Queensland Australia. The newspaper is owned by APN News & Media. It is considered the company's flagship newspaper.The circulation of the Sunshine Coast Daily is 21604 Monday to Friday and 34716 on Saturday.The Sunshine Coast Daily website is part of the APN Regional News Network.
 The Mystery of the Blue Train is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the United Kingdom by William Collins & Sons on 29 March 1928 and in the United States by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00. The book features her detective Hercule Poirot.
 For the Canadian political magazine see This Magazine.This is a poetry journal associated with what would later be called Language poetry because during the time span in which This was published many poets of the emerging Language school were represented in its pages.The first three issues were edited by Robert Grenier and Barrett Watten (1971–1973).
 Chirp Magazine is a popular Canadian children’s magazine founded in 1997. Aimed at those between the ages of 3 and 6 it is published 10 times per year.Chirp is the youngest member in a family of magazines that includes OWL and chickaDEE.
 Jailbird is a novel by Kurt Vonnegut originally published in 1979. Its plot concerns a man recently released from a low security prison after having served time for a minor role in the Watergate scandal. The novel uses a standard memoir format revealing Walter F. Starbuck's current situation then going back to tell the story of his first two days after being released from prison.Through Walter F.
 Terminal Freeze is the fourth solo novel by Lincoln Child. The novel was released on February 24 2009.
 Sovetsky Sport (Russian: Советский спорт; English: Soviet Sports) is a Russian (formerly Soviet) national daily sports newspaper. Between 1924 and 1946 the newspaper was called Red Sports (Russian: Красный спорт) it was not printed between 1928 and 1932.
 Between Two Worlds is the second novel in Upton Sinclair's Lanny Budd series. First published in 1941 the story covers the period from 1919 to 1929.
 Mydriase is an essay written by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Violinist of Hameln (ハーメルンのバイオリン弾き Hamerun no Baiorin Hiki) is a fantasy adventure manga created by Michiaki Watanabe. Its premise is that a group of adventurers are traveling north to the Northern Capital (a.k.a. Hameln) to prevent a catastrophe. In this world music has magical qualities. The manga and the anime are very different. The manga tends toward a lighter more comedic tone whereas the anime is darker. The manga eventually takes a darker tone itself though.
 Desolation Angels is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Beat Generation author Jack Kerouac which makes up part of his Duluoz Legend. It was published in 1965 but was written years earlier around the time On the Road was in the process of publication. According to the book's foreword the opening section of the novel is almost directly taken from the journal he kept when he was a fire lookout on Desolation Peak in the North Cascade mountains of Washington state.
 Phytochemical Analysis is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1991 and published by John Wiley & Sons. It covers research on the utilization of analytical methodology in botany. The current editor-in-chief is Satyajit D. Sarker (University of Wolverhampton).
 Home is a novel by the American author Toni Morrison originally published in 2012 by Alfred A. Knopf. It tells the story of Frank Money a 24-year-old African-American veteran of the Korean War and his journey home a year after being discharged from an integrated Army into a segregated homeland.
 The Riverbones: Stumbling After Eden in the Jungles of Suriname is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Andrew Westoll first published in October 2008 by McClelland & Stewart. In the book the author chronicles civil strife in Suriname. Westoll describes the modern struggles for human rights ecological preservation and the economic needs of the Suriname people. The Riverbones is called a spellbinding tale of survival heartbreak mystery and murder.
 Flight of Eagles is a novel by Jack Higgins set in World War II.
 The Little Man on the Subway is a fantasy short story by Isaac Asimov originally published in the 1950 issue of Fantasy Book and included in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. It is based on a story written in 1941 by his friend the author/agent/writer Frederik Pohl under the nom de plume of James MacCreigh. Unable to get it right Pohl asked Asimov to rewrite it which he did. It was rejected by John W. Campbell and Asimov forgot about it.
 Mandela: The Authorised Biography is a study of Nelson Mandela the former President of South Africa by the late journalist Anthony Sampson.Sampson's book was published in 1999 five years after Mandela's autobiography Long Walk to Freedom. The book was one of the first to examine such issues as Winnie Mandela's crimes and State President Frederik Willem de Klerk's suspected attempts to use the security forces to derail peace talks.
 The Serious Game (Swedish: Den allvarsamma leken) is a 1912 novel by Hjalmar Söderberg. It tells the story of a man and a woman who fall in love when young and remain in love but stay separated and marry others.Two films based on the book were produced in 1945 and 1977.
 The Haunted Pampero is a collection of fantasy and other short stories by William Hope Hodgson. It was first published in 1992 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 500 copies all of which were signed by the editor Sam Moskowitz. The stories first appeared in the magazines The Premier Magazine The Red Magazine Cornhill Magazine The Idler Shadow: Fantasy Literature Review The Royal Magazine The Blue Magazine Sea Stories The New Age Everybody’s Weekly and Short Stories.
 Tracker is a joint comic book venture of Top Cow Productions and Heroes and Villains Entertainment. It was written by Jonathan Lincoln and has art done by Francis Tsai Derek Donovan and Abhishek Malsuni.
 The House with the Green Shutters is a novel by the Scottish writer George Douglas Brown first published in 1901 by John MacQueen.
 Pearson's Magazine was an influential monthly periodical which first appeared in Britain in 1896. It specialised in speculative literature political discussion often of a socialist bent and the arts. Its contributors included Upton Sinclair George Bernard Shaw Maxim Gorky George Griffith H. G. Wells Dornford Yates and E.
 For the film see Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium is a 2007 novelization of the film of the same name. The novelization was written by American fantasy author Suzanne Weyn. The novel or Magical Movie Novel as it is named on its cover was released on October 1 2007. The film was written and directed by Zach Helm.
 The Life and Adventures of Joaquín Murieta: The Celebrated California Bandit was originally published in 1854 by John Rollin Ridge writing as Yellow Bird. It is considered to be one of the first novels written in California and the first novel to be published by a Native American. The novel describes the life of a legendary bandit named Joaquín Murieta who once a dignified citizen of Mexico becomes corrupt after traveling to California during the Gold Rush.
 The Key to the Kingdom (王国の鍵 Ōkoku no Kagi) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kyoko Shitou. The manga was serialised in Kadokawa Shoten's Asuka Fantasy DX. The manga is licensed and published in North America by CMX and in Taiwan by Kadokawa Shoten's subsidiary Kadokawa Media.
 Poems and Stories is a compilation of some of the lesser-known writings of J. R. R. Tolkien released in 1980 by George Allen & Unwin (UK) and in 1994 by Houghton Mifflin (North America).
 1808: The Flight of the Emperor subtitled How a Weak Prince a Mad Queen and the British Navy Tricked Napoleon and Changed the New World (Portuguese: 1808: Como uma rainha louca um príncipe medroso e uma corte corrupta enganaram Napoleão e mudaram a História de Portugal e do Brasil which translates as How a mad queen a coward prince and a corrupt court fooled Napoleon and changed the History of Portugal and Brazil) is a non-fiction historical book written by Laurentino Gomes edited by Planeta.In 2008 the book was awarded as the best essay book by Academia Brasileira de Letras. 
 The World of Karl Pilkington is the first book written and illustrated by Karl Pilkington and contains transcripts from The Ricky Gervais Show podcasts and excerpts from his own diary as well as drawings and some original material illustrated by Pilkington himself. It was published and released in 2006. As stated on The Ricky Gervais Show Karl put a lot of work into the book and had been illustrating the drawings featured in the book for a considerable amount of time.
 A Few Seconds of Panic is a nonfiction first-person narrative by Stefan Fatsis published in 2008. The book chronicles Fatsis a professional 43-year old sportswriter working for the Wall Street Journal and his attempt to play in the National Football League. Along the way he relates the personal stories and struggles that professional football players face in the league. After some setbacks Fatsis eventually finds some success as a backup placekicker for the Denver Broncos.
 The City & the City is a novel by British author China Miéville combining weird fiction with the police procedural; it was written as a gift for Miéville's terminally-ill mother who was a fan of the latter genre. The novel was published by Macmillan on 15 May 2009. In the US it was published by Del Rey Books on 26 May 2009. Also in 2009 a signed limited edition of 500 numbered and 26 lettered copies was published in the US by Subterranean Press.
 Soulacoaster: The Diary of Me is the first and only official autobiography by the R&B artist R. Kelly. The book was released June 28 2012. R. Kelly dedicated this book to his mother who died in the early 90s.
 Australian Systematic Botany is a peer-reviewed international journal that publishes original research and sometimes review articles on topics related to systematic botany such as biogeography taxonomy and evolution. It is published by CSIRO Publishing. Despite the similarity in name the journal it is not directly associated with the Australian Systematic Botany Society although some members of the editorial team are members of that society.
 Shoplifting from American Apparel is Tao Lin's first novella fifth book and first published fiction since the May 15 2007 simultaneous publication of his debut novel Eeeee Eee Eeee and debut story-collection Bed.
 The Independent (formerly The Evening Independent) is an American daily newspaper published weekdays and Saturdays in Massillon Ohio.
 Latin Opinion is a bilingual biweekly newspaper published in Baltimore Maryland. It is published in both Spanish and English. The paper was founded in 2004 to serve the Baltimore Hispanic community's desire for a Spanish-language newspaper.
 Forbidden Dance (天使のキス Tenshi no Kisu) is a shōjo manga by Hinako Ashihara consisting of four volumes. It was published in English by TokyoPop in the fall of 2003 and is currently out of print in the United States.
 'One False Note' is the second book in The 39 Clues series. It is written by Gordan Korman and was published by Scholastic on December 2 2008. Following the events of The Maze of Bones the protagonists Amy and Dan Cahill learn about Mozart and travel to Vienna Austria to search for the second clue in the 39 Clues competition.
 Moskovskaya pravda (Russian: Московская правда Moscow Truth in the transliteration system used by the Library of Congress spelled Moskovskaia pravda) is a leading[citation needed] daily morning newspaper of Russia and formerly of the Soviet Union. It was first published in 1918.
 The Man From Santa Clara is a western novel by Donald Hamilton.
 Urusei Yatsura (うる星やつら) is a comedic manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi and serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from 1978 to 1987. Its 374 individual chapters were published in 34 tankōbon volumes. It is the story of Ataru Moroboshi and the alien Lum who believes she is Ataru's wife after he accidentally proposes to her. The series makes heavy use of Japanese mythology culture and puns.
 Killshot the 1989 novel by author Elmore Leonard tells the story of a married couple who find themselves in Cape Girardeau Missouri while on the run from a pair of hitmen.
 Behold the Man (1969) is a science fiction novel by Michael Moorcock. It originally appeared as a novella in a 1966 issue of New Worlds; later Moorcock produced an expanded version which was first published in 1969 by Allison & Busby. The title derives from the Gospel of John Chapter 19 Verse 5: Then Jesus came out wearing the crown of thorns and the purple robe.
 Pediatric Diabetes is an academic journal published by ISPAD. It published articles related to diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents.
 Bert och Boysen (Swedish: Bert and the boys) is a diary novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1996 it tells the story of Bert Ljung from 27 August to 6 November during the calendar year he turns 12 during the autumn term of the 6th grade school in Sweden.
 The Lost Thing is a 2000 picture book written and illustrated by Shaun Tan.
 AR: Absolute Return + Alpha (or AR) is a hedge fund magazine founded in 2009.
 Israel's Secret Wars: A History of Israel's Intelligence Services (also known as Israel's Secret Wars: The Untold History of Israeli Intelligence) is a 1991 book written by Ian Black and Benny Morris about the history of the Israeli intelligence services from the period of the Yishuv to the end of the 1980s.
 Rainbow Six is a techno-thriller novel written by Tom Clancy. It focuses on John Clark Ding Chavez and a fictional multi-national counterterrorist unit codenamed Rainbow rather than Jack Ryan and national politics. There is a series of video games by the same name.
 BioSpectrum is an Indian Biotech magazine which focuses on topics in the field of pharma agriculture bioinformatics including news on corporates involved at the R&D or industrial manufacturing or product/service distribution levels in the biotechnology chain. It is published in two editions - BioSpectrum India and BioSpectrum Asia by Cyber Media (India) Limited. Its sister magazines under the Cyber Media banner include PCQuest Dataquest and MIT's Technology Review India. 
 The Red House Mystery is a locked room whodunnit by A. A. Milne published in 1922. It was Milne's only mystery novel.
 The Burning is a 1971 historical play written by Stewart Conn. Set during the life of James VI of Scotland the play addresses the power struggle between the King and his cousin the Earl of Bothwell. It exemplifies the brutality meted out to those caught in the midst of any struggle for religious or political power and also deals with themes of witchcraft and superstition within the context of a battle between authority and anarchy.
 International Journal of Shoulder Surgery (ISSN: Print - 0973-6042) is peer-reviewed open access journal published on behalf of the Cape Shoulder Institute.
 Ritson's Yorkshire Garland  Edited and published by Joseph Ritson is a reprinted edition of a book on Yorkshire music first published in 1788.
 'Drums of Mer is a 1933 Australian novel by Ion Idriess set in the Torres Strait.Sand Harbutt planned to make a film version of it in the late 1970s but was unsuccessful.
 The Press Democrat with the largest circulation in the California North Bay (San Francisco Bay Area) is a daily newspaper published in Santa Rosa California.The paper received the 2004 George Polk Award for Regional Reporting given annually by Long Island University to honor contributions to journalistic integrity and investigative reporting.Annie Wells of the Press Democrat won the 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography for her dramatic photograph of a local firefighter rescuing a teenager from raging floodwaters.
 Reefer Madness: The History of Marijuana in America is a book by Larry Ratso Sloman originally published in 1979. The book is a history of social marijuana use in the United States. The book was reissued in 1998 with an introduction by William S. Burroughs.
 Ganadabi (People's Demand) is an weekly Bengali newspaper published from Kolkata West Bengal India. The paper is the Bengali organ of Socialist Unity Centre of India (Communist) an Indian Communist party.
 Brat Pack is the title of a comic book limited series by Rick Veitch (self-published under the company name King Hell Press). It is a dark satire on superhero sidekicks influenced partly by the fans' decision to kill off Batman's sidekick Jason Todd but also built on other long-standing rumors and undercurrents in the history of the superhero genre prominently commercialism homosexuality pedophilia violence and the fascist tendencies inherent in superheroes.
 Shirahime-Syo: Snow Goddess Tales (Japanese: 白姫抄 Hepburn: Shirahimeshō) is a manga anthology created by Clamp a creative team made up by Satsuki Igarashi Ageha Ohkawa Tsubaki Nekoi and Mokona.The volume contains three tragic stories framed by the legend of Shirahime (“white princess”) a sad goddess whose tears are said to be the snow.
 Dans la maison d'Edith is an essay written by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio. It was written in French and has not been translated into English however the title translates as In Edith's House.
 Ekonomia is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Adrak Ke Punjey is an Indian satirical play written by Babban Khan. The play ran from 1965 to 2001. Guinness Book of World Records in 1984 has mentioned it as the world's longest-running one man show. It is written in a mix of Urdu and Dakhni.
 Touch (タッチ Tatchi) (tûch) is a Japanese high school baseball manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It was originally serialized in the weekly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday from 1981–1986.
 The Pitmen Painters is a play by Lee Hall based on the Ashington Group of painters. Hall learnt about the group from a Guardian article by Martin Wainwright. This encouraged him to buy the book Pitmen Painters: The Ashington Group 1934-1984 by William Feaver about the group on which the play is loosely based.
 Biochimie is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of biochemistry biophysics and molecular biology. The journal is published monthly by Elsevier jointly with the Société Française de Biochimie et Biologie Moléculaire. All articles are currently in English; articles in French were also previously published. As of 2010 the Editor-in-Chief is Richard Buckingham (Paris France).Content since 1971 is available online via ScienceDirect as PDFs; access is by subscription only.
 Obama: From Promise to Power is a 2007 political biography book by David Mendell about the life of Barack Obama from his childhood to the announcement of his candidacy for president of the United States. The book focuses on Obama's fast rise from obscurity to the national stage but portrays it not as an unplanned phenomenon but rather as the result of a carefully crafted and calculated plan by an ambitious man.
 The Indian Journal of Psychiatry is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access medical journal. It is published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Psychiatric Society. It covers research in all fields of psychiatry. Each year the April issue is accompanied by a supplement that contains the abstracts of presentations at the annual national conference of the society held during the year.
 Immunopharmacology and Immunotoxicology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers preclinical and clinical studies on the regulatory effects of various agents on immunocompetent cells as well as the immunotoxicity exerted by xenobiotics and drugs. Hence the journal encompasses a broad range of pathologies (e.g. acute and chronic infections allergy autoimmunity cancer degenerative disorders inflammation and primary and secondary immunodeficiencies).
 The Complete Farmer: Or a General Dictionary of Husbandry is an 18th-century general knowledge English-language encyclopaedia holding a summary of information on agriculture and in all its branches. It was written by member of the Royal Society of Arts under the pseudonym a Society of Gentlemen and first issued in 1756 and published in weekly numbers until 1768.
 Chemical Physics Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the field of chemical physics. It was established in 1967 and is published by Elsevier. The current editors-in-chief are David Clary M. Okumura and R.J. Saykally.
 The Stooping Venus is a 1926 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 The Stuff of Legend is a comic book metaseries produced by Th3rd World Studios. The writers of The Stuff of Legend are Mike Raicht and Brian Smith. The illustrator is Charles Paul Wilson III.
 The Last Days of Louisiana Red (1974) is a novel written by Ishmael Reed. It is considered a model novel of the Black Arts Movement and contains many elements of postmodernism. It continues the story of the character Papa LaBas introduced in Reed's previous novel 1972's Mumbo Jumbo. The book revolves heavily around voodoo.
 Rome Newswire is a local online daily newspaper of Rome Georgia. It is owned by Seven Hills Media LLC. It was established as a daily news blog by a local radio personality and quickly grew to become one of the leading news sites in the Northwest Georgia region. Rome Newswire also teams with the Northwest Georgia Severe Weather Team a group of regional storm chasers for local and regional weather coverage.It was sold to Seven Hills Media LLC. in 2009 and has continued to grow.
 Tirana Observer is an Albanian language newspaper published in Tirana Albania. Tirana Observer is a politically unaffiliated daily newspaper.
 The Pulse is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics written by Brian Michael Bendis about the people who work on The Pulse a weekly section in the fictional Daily Bugle newspaper focusing on superheroes.The main star of the book is Jessica Jones a former superhero and private investigator previously seen in the Alias series. Jones works as a specialist consultant for The Pulse with journalists Ben Urich and Kat Farrell.
 The Yagyu Ninja Scrolls: Revenge of the Hori Clan (Y十M ～柳生忍法帖～ Y- Jū -M - Yagyū Ninpōchō) is an 11-volume manga series written by Masaki Segawa and first published in Japan by Kodansha in 2005.Like Masaki Segawa's first manga Basilisk The Yagyu Ninja Scrolls is based on a novel from Futaro Yamada's Ninpōchō series and can therefore be considered a sequel to Basilisk especially as several of the same historical characters featured in Basilisk make a return appearance.
 Encyclopédie ou dictionnaire raisonné des sciences des arts et des métiers (English: Encyclopaedia or a Systematic Dictionary of the Sciences Arts and Crafts) was a general encyclopedia published in France between 1751 and 1772 with later supplements revised editions and translations. It was edited by Denis Diderot and until 1759 co-edited by Jean le Rond d'Alembert.
 Loud Speaker is a play by American playwright John Howard Lawson. It was first produced by the New Playwrights' Theatre at the 52nd Street Theatre in New York opening on March 2 1927. Harry Wagstaff Gribble directed Mordecai Gorelik designed the sets Eugene L. Berton composed its music and Leonard Sillman choreographed its dances.
 Curses Hexes and Spells is a 1974 book by Daniel Cohen. Marketed as children's book it explains what exactly curses are and describes supposed curses on families (such as the House of Atreus in Greek Mythology the House of Habsburg or the Kennedy family) creatures places (the Bermuda Triangle the Devil's Sea) wanderers (like the Flying Dutchman) and ghosts.
 In Other Rooms Other Wonders is a collection of short stories written by Pakistani-American author Daniyal Mueenuddin who has also worked as a journalist lawyer and a businessman. His book has won The Story Prize the Commonwealth Writers' Prize and other honors and was a finalist for the 2010 Pulitzer Prize and the 2009 National Book Award.
 Mathematics: The Loss of Certainty is a book by Morris Kline on the developing perspectives within mathematical cultures throughout the centuries.This book traces the history of how new results in mathematics have provided surprises to mathematicians through the ages e.g. how 19th century mathematicians were surprised by the discovery of non-Euclidean geometry or how Goedel's incompleteness theorem disappointed many logicians.
 Days is a short poem (10 lines) by Philip Larkin written in 1953 and included in his 1964 collection The Whitsun Weddings.It begins with a section of 6 lines openingWhat are days for?in a mock-contented tone.The final 4 lines bring a brutal replyAh solving that questionBrings the priest and the doctorIn their long coats Running over the fields.↑ ↑
 Per Fine Ounce is the title of an unpublished novel by Geoffrey Jenkins featuring Ian Fleming's James Bond. It was completed c.1966 and is considered a lost novel by fans of James Bond because it was actually commissioned by Glidrose Productions the official publishers of James Bond. It was rejected for publication however missing the opportunity to become the first continuation James Bond novel. The Adventures of James Bond Junior 003½ a novel written by the pseudonymous R. D.
 La Estrella Oeste and La Estrella Norte are two Spanish-language regional newspapers based in Mayagüez Puerto Rico. Both editions cover 36 towns of the western and northern areas of Puerto Rico.As of 2006 La Estrella is the biggest regional newspaper in terms of circulation in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico with a combined weekly circulation of 117000. La Estrella was the first regional newspaper to be audited in Puerto Rico by the Circulation Verification Council (CVC).
 In the Land of Pain is a collection of notes by Alphonse Daudet chronicling the pain and suffering he experienced from tabes dorsalis its effects on his relationships with friends family and other people and the various drugs he took and physical treatments he underwent in his fight against the disease. Daudet originally began making these notes for a projected book but none of the material was published in his lifetime. He planned to use the title La Doulou a Provençal word for pain.
 Shyamchi Mummy is a Marathi play directed by Purshottam Berde. The star cast includes Nirmiti Sawant Purnima Ahire Anant Chauhan Purshottam Berde Manohar Gaikwad.This is a comedy play about the current education system that takes a toll on students.
 The Sower (2009) is the bestselling second novel by American author Kemble Scott pen name of Scott James writer of a weekly column about the San Francisco Bay Area published in both The Bay Citizen and The New York Times.It was the first novel in publishing history to be sold in digital form by Scribd the document sharing website. The Sower premiered on May 18 2009 in conjunction with the launch of the company’s book selling division Scribd Store.
 The Man Who Rocked the Earth is a science fiction novel written in 1915 by Author Train and Robert W. Wood. It is notable for describing what an atomic detonation would look like in 1915 thirty years before the United States detonated the first atomic bomb.
 The Writing of the God (original Spanish title: La escritura del dios) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges. It was published in Sur in February 1949 and later reprinted in the collection The Aleph.
 Young Art and Old Hector is a novel by Neil M. Gunn. It concerns itself with an 8-year-old boy Young Art growing up in the Scottish Highland community of Clachdrum and in episodic form catalogues a series of adventures and occurrences in his life often connected with his mentor figure Old Hector a local character and bootlegger. The same characters would be used in the following satirical fantasy novel The Green Isle of the Great Deep.
 Edinburgh is a debut novel by author Alexander Chee. It is a coming-of-age story about a young boy who experiences and eventually triumphs over the damage inflicted by a child molester.
 Earth (The Book): A Visitor's Guide to the Human Race is a 2010 humor book written by Jon Stewart and other writers of The Daily Show with Jon Stewart a sequel to America (The Book). It was released on September 21 2010.
 International Boat Industry (IBI) is a boat industry magazine published by IPC Media ten times a year.The editor is Ed Slack.
 House of Leaves is the debut novel by the American author Mark Z. Danielewski published by Pantheon Books. The novel quickly became a bestseller following its release on March 7 2000. It was followed by a companion piece The Whalestoe Letters. The novel has since been translated into a number of languages.The format and structure of the novel is unconventional with unusual page layout and style making it a prime example of ergodic literature.
 The Cleveland Press was a daily American newspaper published in Cleveland Ohio from November 2 1878 through June 17 1982. From 1928 to 1966 the paper's editor was Louis B.
 Acting Shakespeare is a one-man show of Shakespearean monologues interspersed with theatrical anecdotes devised and performed by Ian McKellen. McKellen first performed the recital in Scandinavia in 1980 and later performed it throughout the world. It was broadcast by PBS in 1982. For the 1984 Broadway engagement McKellen received the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding One-Person Show and a Tony Award nomination.
 Perdido Street Station is the second published novel by China Miéville and the first of three independent works set in thefictional world of Bas-Lag a world where both magic (referred to as 'thaumaturgy') and steampunk technology exist. The novel has won several literary awards.In an interview Miéville described this book as basically a secondary world fantasy with Victorian era technology.
 The Moon and Serpent Bumper Book of Magic is an upcoming hardcover work by Alan Moore and Steve Moore (no family relation to each other). Both men have written comics and together co-founded the private magical order known as The Moon and Serpent Grand Egyptian Theatre of Marvels. The book is listed as a future release from Top Shelf Productions.
 The Gazette of the United States was an early American partisan newspaper first issued on April 15 1789 as a biweekly publication friendly to the administration of George Washington and to the policies and members of the emerging Federalist Party. The Gazette was originally published in New York City by editor John Fenno but followed the United States Government in 1790 to its new temporary seat and capital in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
 Rolling Thunder is a biannual anarchist journal of dangerous living published by the anarchist collective CrimethInc. since the Summer of 2005.
 Contributions to Zoology (formerly known as Bijdragen tot de Dierkunde) is a scientific journal that started in 1848 as a publication of the Committee in charge of the library of the Dutch Royal Zoological Society Natura Artis Magistra and became integrated in the library of the University of Amsterdam in 1939.
 The Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure (formerly the Sturgis Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure by Alice Sturgis) is a book of rules of order. It is the second most popular parliamentary authority in the United States after Robert's Rules of Order. It was first published in 1950. Following the death of the original author in 1988 the third (1988) and fourth (2001) editions of this work were revised by a committee of the American Institute of Parliamentarians.
 Osu!! Karate Bu (押忍!!空手部 lit. Go!! Karate Club) is a manga series by Koji Takahashi that was published in Weekly Young Jump from 1985–1996. It centers on the misadventures of the various thugs and delinquent students that make up Kangokou High School's infamous Karate Club.Osu!! Karate Bu was wildly popular in its native Japan but is otherwise almost completely unknown in most other countries.
 Drowning Ruth is a 2000 bestselling novel by Christina Schwarz author of four books (as of 2013). It was chosen as a selection for Oprah's Book Club in September 2000.It is also being made into a movie.[citation needed]
 Roachmill was an American Comic book created by Rich Hedden and Tom McWeeney published first by Blackthorne Publishing and then Dark Horse Comics.
 Vampire Hunter D: Raiser of Gales is a Japanese novel by Hideyuki Kikuchi. It was first published in Japan in 1984 was published in English in 2005.
 Phytochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering pure and applied plant chemistry plant biochemistry and molecular biology. It is published by Elsevier and is an official publication for the Phytochemical Society of Europe and the Phytochemical Society of North America.
 Black Robe first published in 1985 is a historical novel by Brian Moore set in New France in the 17th century.The novel follows Father Laforgue a French Jesuit priest traveling up river to repopulate the mission to the Huron Indians.
 Plain Tales from the Hills (published 1888) is the first collection of short stories by Rudyard Kipling. Out of its 40 stories eight-and-twenty according to Kipling's Preface were initially published in the Civil and Military Gazette in Lahore Punjab British India between November 1886 and June 1887.
 Appare Jipangu! (天晴じぱんぐ！) is a manga by Yuu Watase. Set in Japan during the Edo period it follows the life of Yusura who as a baby was found under a cherry tree with the Kongoumaru (a staff that turns blue when people are sad) by her side.
 The Shan Van Vocht a phonetic rendering of the Irish phrase An tSeanbhean Bhocht (The Poor Old Woman a traditional name for Ireland) is a novel by James Murphy detailing the Irish Rebellion of 1798. The protagonist of Seamus Deane's Reading in the Dark finds something exquisite in [its] blend of bad weather . . . [and] fire implied danger [and] a love relationship.
 The Wizard of Loneliness is a 1966 book written by John Nichols. It was turned into a 1988 film of the same name.
 Macromolecular Theory and Simulations is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science. It publishes Reviews Feature Articles Communications and Full Papers on all aspects from macromolecular theory to advanced computer simulation. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.709.
 Winter Rose is a 1996 fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It was nominated for the 1996 Nebula Award and 1997 Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel and was a finalist for the 1997 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature. In 2006 McKillip published its sequel Solstice Wood.
 Mumsi Meets a Lion is a children's book by Kim Stegall and published by BJU Press under the JourneyForth label. It is suitable for ages two to six.
 Trouble Magnet (2006) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the twelfth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.Although he is supposed to be searching for the planet-sized Krang weapons platform in the uninhabited Sagittarius sector Flinx finds himself sidetracked once again to a new planet Visaria. On the planet he gets mixed up in the affairs of a youth gang and the local criminal mob and discovers yet another bit of information about himself.
 The Princess of Dhagabad is a 2000 novel the first book of a trilogy by Anna Kashina.
 Premier Guitar is an American multimedia guitar company devoted to guitarists. Founded in 2007 it is based in Marion Iowa and has an editorial staff composed of experienced musicians. Content includes instructional material guitar gear reviews and guitar news.
 Evolution and Human Behavior is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in which evolutionary perspectives are brought to bear on the study of human behavior. It is primarily a scientific journal but articles from scholars in the humanities are also published. Papers reporting on theoretical and empirical work on other species may be included if their relevance to the human animal is apparent. The journal is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Human Behavior and Evolution Society.
 Our Lady of the Flowers (Notre Dame des Fleurs) is the debut novel of French writer Jean Genet first published in 1943. The free-flowing poetic novel is a largely autobiographical account of a man's journey through the Parisian underworld. The characters are drawn after their real-life counterparts who are mostly homosexuals living on the fringes of society.
 A Rising Thunder by David Weber released on March 6 2012 by Baen Books is the thirteenth novel set in the Honorverse in the main Honor Harrington series. This book was originally so large that it resulted in an editing decision to split it into two books thus the delay in publication. As of January 2012 the next independent book has been finished; however the decision to publish it is waiting on the collaborative book with Eric Flint to first be completed.
 Something Like an Autobiography (蝦蟇の油 Gama no abura) is the memoir of Japanese film director Akira Kurosawa. It was published as a book in 1981 and the English translation by Audie E. Bock appeared the following year.
 Dolls (ドールズ Dōruzu) is a Japanese manga series by the manga artist group naked ape (Saki Otoh and Nakamura Tomomi). Originally starting serialization in the Shōnen manga magazine Comic Zero-Sum published by Ichijinsha. Ten volumes have been published in Japan.
 The Modesto Bee is a California newspaper founded in 1884 as the Daily Evening News and published continuously as a daily under a variety of names. Prior to its purchase by Charles K. McClatchy and McClatchy Newspapers in 1924 it merged in the same year with the Modesto News-Herald adopting that name as part of a consolidation. In 1933 it changed its name to the Modesto Bee and News-Herald and in 1975 abbreviated the name on its masthead to the Modesto Bee.
 Forged in the Fire is a 2006 novel for young adults by Ann Turnbull about Quaker life in the 1660s. It is the sequel to No Shame No Fear published in 2003.In Forged in the Fire Will and Susanna are separated despite their love; Will is working as a bookseller in London while Susanna stays in Shropshire waiting for Will to return with enough money to provide for her.
 [[Category:Fantasy Adventure titlesThe Lil' Five]]The Lil' Five is a South African graphic novel/comic series about the Big Five as young kids who get involved in various adventures. A short preview comic was launched at Free Comic Book Day in May 2012 before the first book entitled The Lil' Five and the Secret of the Black Cave was first published in October 2012 and launched at the rAge Expo in Johannesburg.
 Sticky is a book of gay erotic comics written by Dale Lazarov and drawn by Steve MacIsaac. It was originally serialized in three issues by Eros Comics / Fantagraphics. The series was collected with remastered color better paper and production values and a new framing sequence as a hardcover published by Bruno Gmünder Verlag.The book uses wordless sequential art to tell four stories about masculine gay men who find unexpected congeniality as well as sexual passion with each other.
 The Book of the New Sun (1980–83) is a series of four science fantasy novels or one four-volume novel by the American author Gene Wolfe. Alternatively it is a series comprising the original tetralogy a 1983 collection of essays and a 1987 sequel.
 Soldier Boys is a 2001 novel by writer Dean Hughes. The story is set during World War II and tells the story of two teenagers one American the other German who join their respective armies and fight at the Battle of the Bulge to show their parents that they can do it. Both the boy's families are saddened by their leaving and have many things in common. Both have a playful little brother and some sisters as well as concerned parents.
 Notes and Queries is a long-running quarterly scholarly journal that publishes short articles related to English language and literature lexicography history and scholarly antiquarianism. Its emphasis is on the factual rather than the speculative.
 Reborn is the fourth volume in a series of six novels known as The Adversary Cycle written by American author F. Paul Wilson. First published in March 1990 by Dark Harvest.In 2009 a revised edition was published.
 First Break All the Rules subtitled What the World's Greatest Managers Do Differently (1999) is a book authored by Marcus Buckingham and Curt Coffman who offer solutions to better employee satisfaction with the help of examples of how the best managers handle employees. The book appeared on the New York Times bestseller list for 93 weeks.
 The Great Divorce is a work of theological fantasy by C. S. Lewis in which he reflects on the Christian conception of Heaven and Hell.The working title was Who Goes Home? but the final name was changed at the publisher's insistence[citation needed]. The title refers to . The Great Divorce was first printed as a serial in an Anglican newspaper called The Guardian in 1944 and 1945 and soon thereafter in book form.
 23 Hours is a 2009 vampire novel written by David Wellington. It is a sequel to 2008's Vampire Zero.
 Entropy is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research on all aspects of entropy and information studies. It was established in 1999 and is published by MDPI. The journal regularly publishes special issues compiled by guest editors. The editor-in-chief is Kevin H. Knuth (University at Albany SUNY).
 The Clock Winder is a 1972 novel by Anne Tyler.
 Whispers Under Ground is the third novel in the Rivers of London series by English author Ben Aaronovitch published 2012 by Gollancz.
 The Song of the Gargoyle is a 1991 book by Zilpha Keatley Snyder. It tells the story of a young boy named Tymmon who lives in the Castle of Austerneve and is separated from his father Komus the Austerneve king's jester when Komus is abducted by an anonymous man with a Black Helmet. Tymonn sets out to save his father but trying to keep a low profile he is chased away into the Sombrous Forest and is adopted by a Gargoyle.
 The Big Spring Herald is a newspaper based in Big Spring Texas covering the Howard County area of West Texas. It published on weekday afternoons and Sunday mornings. It is owned by Horizon Publications Inc.The Herald was founded as a weekly in 1904 by brothers-in-law Tom Jordan and W.G. Hayden and became a daily in 1928.
 The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestine is a book authored by New Historian Ilan Pappé and published in 2006 by One World Oxford.During the 1948 Palestine war around 720000 Palestinian Arabs out of the 900000 who lived in the territories that became Israel fled or were expelled from their home. The causes of this exodus are controversed and debated by historians.
 Little Mouse's Big Book of Fears is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Emily Gravett published by Macmillan in 2007. It won the annual Kate Greenaway Medal from the professional librarians as the year's best-illustrated children's book published in the U.K.It was also bronze runner up for the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize in ages category 6–8 years.The front cover illustration shows the title Little Mouse's Emily Gravett's Big Book of Fears and a hole chewed by a mouse.
 Ragnarock City (ラグナロックシティ Ragunarokku Shiti) is an erotic art book and yuri manga by Satoshi Urushihara published by Gakken in 2001 in Japan. It has been released in French and German.The story is set in a world where a large population of cyborgs and robots has inspired a fashion of near-total nudity to show that one has a fully human body.
 Annals of Botany is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal founded in 1887 that publishes research articles brief communications and reviews in all areas of botany. The journal is supported and managed by Annals of Botany Company a non-profit educational charity and published through Oxford University Press. According to the 2011 Journal Citation Reports it has an impact factor of 4.030 in 2009 ranking 18th out of 172 in the category Plant Sciences.
 Nuytsia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Western Australian Herbarium. It publishes papers on systematic botany giving preference to papers related to the flora of Western Australia. Nearly twenty percent of Western Australia's plant taxa have been published in Nuytsia. The journal was established in 1970 and has appeared irregularly since.
 New Vico Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that examines current and recent scholarship on the Italian philosophers Giambattista Vico. It was published annually in print and electronic formats by the Philosophy Documentation Center in cooperation with the Institute for Vico Studies at Emory University. Established in 1983 it ceased publication of new issues in 2010 with the completion of Volume 27 (2009).
 Le Contrat de mariage (English: A Marriage Contract or A Marriage Settlement) is an 1835 novel by French author Honoré de Balzac (1799-1850) and included in the Scènes de la vie privée section of his novel sequence La Comédie humaine. Set in Bordeaux it describes the marriage of a Parisian gentleman Paul de Manerville to the beautiful but spoiled Spanish heiress Natalie Evangelista.
 Night Fall is a 2004 novel by American author Nelson DeMille.The story begins with the 1996 crash of TWA Flight 800 off Long Island New York.
 Walk Two Moons is a novel written by Sharon Creech published by Scholastic in 1994 and winner of the 1995 Newbery Medal. The novel was originally intended as a follow-up to Creech's previous novel Absolutely Normal Chaos; however the idea was changed after Sharon began writing.
 Period Piece: A Cambridge Childhood is an autobiographical memoir by Gwen Raverat covering her childhood in late 19th Century Cambridge society.
 Wigs on the Green is a novel by Nancy Mitford first published in 1935. A merciless satire of British Fascism the book is notable for lampooning the political enthusiasms of Mitford's sisters Unity Mitford and Diana Mosley. 2010 saw its first reprint in the United Kingdom and the United States in more than thirty-five years.
 Pearl Pink (天然パールピンク Tennen Pearl Pink) is a manga series written and illustrated by Meca Tanaka. Originally serialized in Japan in LaLa from April 2002 through April 2004 the individual chapters were collected and published in four tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha.
 A Brief History of the Future is a prospective history book about the next 50 years by Jacques Attali. The original edition was published by Fayard in 2006.
 California Lawyer is a monthly legal magazine based in San Francisco California. The magazine is sent to every lawyer in the state and includes the newsletter of the California Bar Association.The magazine combines legal news case commentary and coverage of technology and business trends. Each issue includes news reviews profiles and opinion.
 Sports at Balita News is a newspaper of general circulation since 1999 by Donald Ampalayohan. Published every week with editorial and business address at Montalvan Velez St. Cagayan de Oro City.
 Palace Walk (Arabic title بين القصرين) is a novel by Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz and the first installment of Mahfouz's Cairo Trilogy. Originally published in 1956 with the title Bayn al-qasrayn (lit. Between the Two Palaces) the book was translated into English in 1990. The setting of the novel is Cairo during and just after World War I.Palace Walk is the first book of the Cairo Trilogy set in Cairo Egypt.
 Assamese Response To Regionalism is a book based on a study on Electoral Politics of Assam. The book is authored by Chandra Nath Baruah and published by Mittal Publications in 2009.
 The Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels are written by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley. Each of the novels feature the characters Nuala Anne McGrail and Dermot Michael Coyne.
 PAJ: A Journal of Performance and Art originally Performing Arts Journal is a triannual academic journal of arts that was established in 1976 by Bonnie Marranca and Gautam Dasgupta. It has taken a particular interest in contemporary performance art and features expanded coverage in video drama dance installations media and music. The journal is published by special arrangement with the MIT Press. Issues can also be accessed through the online databases JSTOR and Project MUSE.
 Yesterday's Son is a novel by A. C. Crispin set in the fictional Star Trek Universe. It describes the events surrounding Spock's discovery that he has a son. Yesterday's Son and its sequel Time for Yesterday make up A. C. Crispin's Yesterday Saga.The book was the first Star Trek novel other than the movie novelizations to make the New York Times Bestseller List.
 For other meanings see Frankenstein (disambiguation) or Frankenstein (play).Frankenstein is a stage adaptation by Nick Dear of the novel of the same name.Its world premiere was at the Royal National Theatre on 5 February 2011 where it officially opened on 22 February. This production is directed by Danny Boyle with a cast including Benedict Cumberbatch and Jonny Lee Miller with the two lead actors alternating the roles of Victor Frankenstein and the Creature.
 Flyaway is a first person narrative thriller novel by English author Desmond Bagley first published in 1978. It introduces Max Stafford as protagonist who would later appear in Bagley's novel Windfall and Juggernaut.
 Media Permata is a Malay-language newspaper published Monday to Saturday in Brunei by Brunei Press Sdn Bhd which also publishes the Borneo Bulletin. The Saturday edition features a special 16-page pull out called Suasana which offers lifestyle and entertainment news.
 Adrift In Soho is a novel by Colin Wilson. It was first published in England in 1961 by Victor Gollancz. The novel describes the English beat generation.
 Songlines is the name of a British based magazine launched in 1999 that covers music from traditional and popular to contemporary and fusion featuring artists from around the globe.Songlines is published eight times a year and contains CD reviews artist interviews guides to particular world music traditions concert and festival listings and travel stories.
 The Atlantis was the first successful Greek language daily newspaper published in the United States. The newspaper was founded in 1894 by Solon J. and Demetrius J. Vlasto descendants of the Greek noble family Vlasto. The paper was headed by a member of the Vlasto family until it closed in 1973. Published in New York City it had a national circulation and influence. Atlantis supported the royalist faction in Greek politics until the mid-1960s.
 The Case for Democracy is a foreign policy manifesto written by one-time Soviet political prisoner and former Israeli Member of the Knesset Natan Sharansky. Sharansky's friend Ron Dermer is the book's co-author. The book achieved the bestsellers list of the New York Times Washington Post and Foreign Affairs.In the book Sharansky and Dermer argue that the primary goal of American foreign policy as well as that of the free world should be the expansion of democracy.
 On Acting is a book by Laurence Olivier. It was first published in 1986 when the actor was 79 years old. It consists partly of autobiographical reminiscences partly of reflections on the actor's vocation.
 Only Revolutions is an American road novel by writer Mark Z. Danielewski. It was released in the United States on September 12 2006 by Pantheon Books. It was a finalist for the 2006 National Book Award for Fiction.
 Report from the Interior is an autobiographical work by Paul Auster published in 2013. It is a companion volume to Auster's Winter Journal (2012) and thus was the second book of memoirs Auster published in back-to-back years.
 Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – The Long Night of Centauri Prime is a Babylon 5 novel by Peter David.
 When Nothing Else Matters is a 2004 non-fiction book by Michael Leahy. The book chronicles basketball superstar Michael Jordan's last comeback to the NBA playing for the Washington Wizards. Riding motorcycles and gambling prior to his return Jordan attempted to fill the void that retirement inflicted. But his need for the rush of competition left him wanting more. Leahy documents his final two seasons in the NBA and reveals a more human side of Jordan.
 The Mismeasure of Desire: The Science Theory and Ethics of Sexual Orientation is a 1999 book about sexual orientation research by philosopher Edward Stein. The work has been praised by philosophers.
 The Letters of Jonathan Oldstyle Gent. (1802) is a collection of nine observational letters written by American writer Washington Irving under the pseudonym Jonathan Oldstyle. The letters first appeared in the November 15 1802 edition of the New York Morning Chronicle a political-leaning newspaper partially owned by New Yorker Aaron Burr and edited by Irving's brother Peter. The letters were printed at irregular intervals until April 23 1803.
 Free Fall is a 1993 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the fourth in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole. It was nominated for the Edgar Award.
 Shaheen is a historical novel written in Urdu by Pakistani Islamic historian and novelist Naseem Hijazi.It details the situation of the Muslims in Granada in 1492 when they were about to be expelled from Spain. The novel also very beautifully depicts the reasons of the destruction of Muslim power in Granada.
 The Mississippi Law Journal is a law review published at the University of Mississippi School of Law. It was established in 1928 by the Mississippi Bar Association and is the state's longest running law review.
 Steel Ball Run (スティール・ボール・ラン Sutīru Bōru Ran) is a seinen manga series written and illustrated by Hirohiko Araki the seventh part of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Set in 1890 it stars Gyro Zeppeli a disgraced former executioner and Johnny Joestar a former hot-shot jockey who was crippled and lost his fame and fortune.
 The Great Pheromone Myth is a book on pheromones and their application to chemosensation in mammals by Richard Doty director of the University of Pennsylvania's Smell and Taste Center in Philadelphia. Doty argues that the concept of pheromone introduced by Karlson and Lüscher is too simple for mammalian chemonsensory systems failing to take into account learning and the context-dependence of chemosensation.
 The Lady of Blossholme is a 1909 novel by H. Rider Haggard.
 TIHKAL: The Continuation is a 1997 book written by Alexander Shulgin and Ann Shulgin about a family of psychoactive drugs known as tryptamines. A sequel to PIHKAL: A Chemical Love Story TIHKAL is an acronym that stands for Tryptamines I Have Known and Loved.
 Nikkei Inc. (株式会社日本経済新聞社 Kabushiki-Gaisha Nihon Keizai Shinbun Sha literally Japan Economic Times Company) is one of the largest media corporations in Japan. Nikkei specializes in publishing financial business and industry news. Its main news publications include: Nikkei Asian Review English language business journal launched in November 2013 Nihon Keizai Shinbun (日本経済新聞) a leading economic newspaper.
 The Haves and the Have Nots is a 2011 American musical play created written produced and directed by Tyler Perry. It stars Palmer Williams Jr. and Patrice Lovely.
 The James Joyce Quarterly (JJQ) is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1963 that covers critical and theoretical work focusing on the life writing and reception of James Joyce. The journal publishes essays notes reviews letters a comprehensive checklist of recent Joyce-related publications and formerly the editor's Raising the Wind.To supplement the print journal JJQ also has an online version.
 Greek Street is an American comic book series written by Peter Milligan with art by Davide Gianfelice. It retells and updates Greek myths. The series was canceled with issue 16.
 Scientific Man versus Power Politics is a 1946 work by realist academic Hans Morgenthau. The book is Morgenthau's first work and contains his most systematic exposition of a realist philosophy and a critique of a position he terms 'liberal rationalism'.
 The Journey of Shuna (シュナの旅 Shuna no Tabi) is a one-volume watercolor-illustrated graphic novel written and illustrated by Hayao Miyazaki and published as a single softcover booklet on 15 June 1983 by Tokuma Shoten under its Animage Ju Ju Bunko imprint. The story was adapted into a 60 minute radio drama which was broadcast in Japan on NHK FM on 2 May 1987.
 Winning in India: Secrets of Success for Winning in the World's Most Complex Market is a book by authors Samarjit Singh and Amit Burman.
 Gândul (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈɡɨndul] The Thought) is a Romanian daily newspaper published in Bucharest. It was founded in May 2005 by Mircea Dinescu who used to write a daily editorial called Vorba lu' Dinescu and Cristian Tudor Popescu who was also the editor-in-chief until January 2008. Its initial circulation was about 52000. In 2006 Publimedia acquired Gândul and subsequently changed the format nameplate and design.
 Endgame by Samuel Beckett is a one-act play with four characters written in a style associated with the Theatre of the Absurd. It was originally written in French (entitled Fin de partie); as was his custom Beckett himself translated it into English. The play was first performed in a French-language production at the Royal Court Theatre in London opening on 3 April 1957. It is commonly considered along with such works as Waiting for Godot to be among Beckett's most important works.
 The News Journal is an American daily newspaper published daily except Sundays and holidays in Wilmington Ohio covering Clinton County. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.The newspaper traces its history back to two weeklies the Clinton Republican (begun in 1838 as the Western Whig name changed the next year) and The Wilmington Journal (founded 1868) that merged into The Journal-Republican in 1912.
 The War that Time Forgot was a comic book feature published by DC Comics beginning in 1960 in the title Star Spangled War Stories created by Robert Kanigher Ross Andru and Mike Esposito.
 UVU Review is the independent student-run newspaper for Utah Valley University. The paper's name became official with its June 30 2008 issue - the day before UVU officially became a university.The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks.The paper typically runs with two sections between twelve pages and sixteen pages.
 Lord Loss is the first novel in the Demonata series written by best-selling teenage horror author Darren Shan. It was originally published in the UK on 6 June 2005. Soon after it appeared in Japan and America where Shan's previous series The Saga of Darren Shan had sold millions. The novel is set in Ireland and is told in present tense first person through Grubbs Grady a child whose family are all chess players.
 Ant in a Glass Jar: Chechen Diaries 1994–2004 (Russian: Муравей в стеклянной банке. Чеченские дневники 1994–2004 is a 2014 documentary book that is an author's diary about the years spent in Chechnya from 1994 until 2004. It was written by Polina Zherebtsova while she was 9–19 years old.
 Red Planet Noir is a combination work of crime fiction and science fiction written by American author D. B. Grady. The story starts off New Orleans with a broke Private detective. The main character Michael Sheppard goes to Mars after his wife leaves him. A bombshell heiress hires him to check out the murder of her father in the red plant.
 Environment and Behavior is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the fields of environmental psychology and environmental studies. The editor-in-chief is Barbara Brown (University of Utah). It was established in 1969 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Hawksmoor is a 1985 novel by the English writer Peter Ackroyd. It won Best Novel at the 1985 Whitbread Awards and the Guardian Fiction Prize. It tells the parallel stories of Nicholas Dyer who builds seven churches in 18th-century London for which he needs human sacrifices and Nicholas Hawksmoor detective in the 1980s who investigates murders committed in the same churches. Hawksmoor has been praised as Peter Ackroyd's best novel up to now and an impressive example of postmodernism.
 La Opinión de Tenerife is a newspaper of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Canary Islands Spain) that was initially launched online on September 11 1999 and distributed in print kiosks just ten days later on 21 September 1999. It has its editorial and administrative offices in Santa Cruz de Tenerife and is printed in the workshops of San Cristóbal de La Laguna.
 Pinas is a published weekly by the Sonshine Media Network International located at 3rd floor ACQ Tower Building Sta. Rita Street EDSA Guadalupe Nuevo Makati City.It has been reformatted by Tagalog version of Pinas newspaper since March 2006.PINAS The Filipino’s Global Newspaper is a Tagalog weekly newspaper about Filipino life society government and community that seeks to deliver alternative reading to the greater number of Filipinos worldwide.
 Crocodile Safari Man is the title of the 2000 autobiography of Australian adventurer Keith Adams. It is subtitled My Tasmanian Childhood in the Great Depression & 50 Years of Desert Safaris to the Gulf of Carpentaria 1949 - 1999Adams first came to public attention in 1955 when he displayed his home movies of his life in Northern Australia showing how to live with the mammals marsupials reptiles rodents giant fish dugongs and sharks.
 The Virginia Law Review is a law review edited and published by students at University of Virginia School of Law. It was established on March 15 1913 and permanently organized later that year.
 Mangirl! (まんがーる! Mangāru! a portmanteau of manga and girl) is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga series written and illustrated by Kagari Tamaoka. It started serialization in the April 2011 issue of Earth Star Entertainment's Comic Earth Star magazine. An anime television series by Dogakobo aired between January 3 and March 28 2013 in Japan.
 The Republic is a liberal local newspaper published fortnightly from 2000 to 2009 in East Vancouver an area of Vancouver British Columbia Canada.Self-described as independent and opinionated The Republic addressed a variety of topics from city-level politics to issues across the world stage.
 Undoing Gender is a 2004 book by Judith Butler.
 Privates on Parade: A Play with Songs in Two Acts is a 1977 farce by English playwright Peter Nichols (book and lyrics) with music by Denis King.
 City of the Beasts (La ciudad de las bestias in Spanish) is the first young adult novel by Chilean-American writer Isabel Allende whose first cousin once removed is Salvador Allende a former president of Chile. Published in 2002 the story is set in the Amazon rainforest. The novel was translated by Margaret Sayers Peden from Spanish to English. Walden Media is said to be producing a movie.
 Harvard Magazine is an independently edited magazine and separately incorporated affiliate of Harvard University. It is the only publication covering the entire University and also regularly distributed to all graduates faculty and staff. It was founded in 1898 by alumni for alumni with the mission of keeping alumni of Harvard University connected to the university and to each other. One of the founders was the noted print journalist William Morton Fullerton.
 The Last Confession is a stage play by Roger Crane based around the election and death of Pope John Paul I. The play follows Giovanni Benelli (David Suchet) who recounts during his last confession his role in the death of John Paul and how this led him to lose his faith.
 The Oh My God Delusion is a 2010 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the tenth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 Rage of a Demon King is the third book in Raymond E. Feist's Serpentwar Saga and the eleventh book of his Riftwar cycle. It was published in 1997 in the United States by Avon Books and the United Kingdom by Harper Collins. At the opening of the novel Erik Von Darkmoor is helping to train soldiers for The Kingdom's armies while Rupert at the height of his trading success is coerced into financing the war.
 The Saugus Advertiser is the oldest newspaper covering the town of Saugus Massachusetts still in print. It is the newspaper of record in Saugus as it is currently the only place Saugus legal notices are printed.
 The Public (El público) also known as The Audience is a play by the twentieth-century Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca. It was written between 1929 and 1930 but remained unpublished until 1978 and did not receive its first professional theatrical production until 1986. The world premiere of the play was directed by Victoria Espinosa on 15 February 1978 at the University of Puerto Rico.
 A Good Scent from a Strange Mountain is a 1992 collection of short stories by Robert Olen Butler. It received the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1993.Each story in the collection is narrated by a different Vietnamese immigrant living in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The stories are largely character-driven with cultural differences between Vietnam and the United States as an important theme.
 Billboard (stylized as billboard) is an American music magazine headquartered in New York City New York and owned by Prometheus Global Media. It was first published on November 1 1894 and is distinguished as being among the oldest trade magazines in the world. The magazine originally focused on bill posting and outdoor amusements before specializing in the music industry in the 1960s.
 Newsbreak is an online news and current affairs magazine published in the Philippines. It began publication as a weekly paper magazine on January 24 2001 and converted to its current format in 2006. Newsbreak is now part of the Rappler service.Newsbreak has published stories covering various issues that concern Congress the presidency security sector judiciary the media local governments elections business and the economy.
 Etty Hillesum and the Flow of Presence: A Voegelinian Analysis is a 2008 book by Dutch philosopher Dr. Meins G. S. Coetsier staff member of the Etty Hillesum Research Centre (EHOC) director of the Centre of Eric Voegelin Studies (EVS) at Ugent and founder of the Flow of Presence Academy (FPA).
 Pen Pusher was a London-based literary magazine published three times a year that featured original short fiction poetry reviews columns literary facts and curiosities.Founded in January 2006 by Anna Goodall Felicity Cloake and Hape Mueller the first issue was published in April 2006.
 A Pagan Place is a 1970 novel by Irish writer Edna O'Brien. The book was first published on April 16 1970 through Littlehampton Book Services and follows a young girl in the 1930s and 1940s. In 1972 A Pagan Place was adapted into a stage production which received mixed reviews.
 Freddy the Pied Piper (1946) is the 14th book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. It tells the tale of regathering circus animals following World War II and of earning money to repair the disused circus equipment. (The title refers to an incident where Freddy pretends to pipe mice out of town.)
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 NetGuide is a monthly New Zealand technology magazine weekly email newsletter and website.It was launched in September 1996 by an independent Auckland-based publisher then owned by Australian Consolidated Press (ACP) 2003 to 2008 and now is owned by Techday. Originally entirely internet-focused it developed to cover wider computer telecommunications and technology issues.The magazine claims to be New Zealand's biggest-selling technology.
 The Purple Land is a novel set in 19th century Uruguay by William Henry Hudson first published in 1885 under the title The Purple Land that England Lost. Initially a commercial and critical failure it was reissued in 1904 with the full title The Purple Land Being One Richard Lamb's Adventures in the Banda Orientál in South America as told by Himself. Towards the end of the novel the narrator explains the title I will call my book The Purple Land.
 A Calculus of Angels is the second book in Gregory Keyes' The Age of Unreason series. It was initially published by Del Rey on March 30 1999. A follow up to Newton's Cannon the book is set in 1722 and continues the alternate history where Isaac Newton discovers that alchemy works and a powerful science is built upon it.
 The Hundred-Year Christmas is a fantasy novel by David Morrell who is best known for being the creator of John Rambo in his earlier novel First Blood. The Hundred-Year Christmas was first published in 1983 by Donald M. Grant in an edition of 700 copies which were signed and numbered.
 Hoka! Hoka! Hoka! is a collection of science fiction stories by Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1998 and reprints the authors' earlier collection Earthman's Burden expanding with two additional stories from Hoka!. The story Don Jones originally appeared in Earthman's Burden. The other stories originally appeared in the magazines Other Worlds Universe and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 The Bulletin of the History of Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1939.
 Built to Last: Successful Habits of Visionary Companies is a book written by Jim Collins and Jerry I. Porras. The first edition of the book was published on October 26 1994 by HarperBusiness.
 Monk's Hood is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in December 1138. It is the third novel in the The Cadfael Chronicles. It was first published in 1980 (1980 in literature).It was adapted for television in 1994 by Central for ITV.Gervase Bonel dies from monkshood oil put in his food. Brother Cadfael made the oil. Who used it as poison? Cadfael assesses the motives of Bonel’s Welsh natural son and his stepson and deals with Bonel’s widow. She was once his sweetheart long ago.
 The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls is an autobiographical/psychological thriller novel by Emilie Autumn. It was published in 2009 as a companion to her 2009–2010 North American European and Australian tour the Asylum Tour.
 VolksWorld is a monthly magazine about volkswagen vehicles published by IPC Media. The current group editor is James Peene.
 Team Rodent is a non-fiction book written by Carl Hiaasen about the Walt Disney Company and its stance towards the outside world. The book's primary focus is on non-film related Disney enterprises such as Disney World and their effects on the environment and local culture.
 The Children's Hour is a 1934 stage play written by Lillian Hellman. It is a drama set in an all-girls boarding school run by two women Karen Wright and Martha Dobie. An angry student Mary Tilford runs away from the school and to avoid being sent back she tells her grandmother that the two headmistresses are having a lesbian affair.
 The Widener Law Review (formerly known as the Widener Law Symposium Journal) is a student-run law review at Widener University School of Law. It was established in 1993 and is the school's only general law review. Its covers current legal issues in two yearly issues including one covering the annual Spring Symposium.
 The Forget-Me-Not was an illustrated British annual published by Rudolph Ackermann. This was the first literary annual in English and it was edited by Frederic Shoberl from its launch in 1822. A junior version appeared in 1828.
 Bireswar (2013) is an experimental drama produced by Belgharia Shankhamala theatre group. The eventful life of Swami Vivekananda has been depicted in this drama.
 Generation M is a five-issue mini-series written by Paul Jenkins and pencilled by Ramon Bachs starting in January 2006.
 The Arabian Nights Murder first published in 1936 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Grafik was a specialist London-based bi-monthly magazine on graphic design and visual culture.
 The Columbia Missourian or the Missourian is a daily morning newspaper published in Columbia Missouri. It is one of two daily newspapers in Columbia. The newspaper is published by the Missouri School of Journalism the world's first school of journalism.
 The Albany Student Press or the ASP the newspaper of the University at Albany The State University of New York is one of the oldest continuously published and independent college newspapers in the United States.[citation needed]First published monthly in 1892 as the Normal School Echo the paper would evolve into a weekly in 1916 known as the State College News. The newspaper has evolved into a comprehensive news agency with a circulation of 8000.
 Crystal Express is a collection of Science fiction and fantasy stories by cyberpunk author Bruce Sterling. It was released in 1989 by Arkham House. It was initially published in an edition of 4231 copies and was the author's first book published by Arkham House. Many of the stories appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine and The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and the first five stories are set in Sterling's Shaper/Mechanist universe.
 Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas is a book by music journalist Michka Assayas. The format is an extended interview that Assayas had with Bono over a period of several years. Bono discusses his upbringing U2's beginnings his band mates his personal life his faith and the effects of his celebrity status.
 The Olympian: A Story of the City is a novel by the American writer James Oppenheim (1882–1932) set in turn-of-the-century Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the Horatio Alger story of Kirby Trask who rises from the working-class to become a steel magnate.
 Canoeing with the Cree is a 1935 book by Eric Sevareid recounting a canoe trip by Sevareid and his friend Walter Port. During the 1930 trip sponsored by the Minneapolis Star Sevareid and Port canoed more than 2250 miles from Minneapolis Minnesota to York Factory on the Hudson Bay. The complete route took them up the Minnesota River and its tributary the Little Minnesota River to Browns Valley Minnesota.
 The Stranger is an alternative weekly newspaper in Seattle Washington USA. It runs a blog known as Slog.
 Amphibian Man (rus. Человек-амфибия) is a science fiction adventure novel by the Soviet Russian writer Alexander Beliaev. It was published in 1928.
 How to See Yourself As You Really Are is book by Tenzin Gyatso the 14th Dalai Lama.
 The American Interest (AI) is a U.S.-published Conservative bimonthly magazine focusing primarily on foreign policy international affairs global economics and military matters. It is available in print on newsstands and in bookstores; select articles are available free online.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 3 is a 1977 anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter.
 Armageddon: The Cosmic Battle of the Ages is the 11th novel in the Left Behind series by Tim LaHaye and Jerry Jenkins. It was first published in April 2003. It was on The New York Times Best Seller List for 20 weeks. It takes place 6–7 years into the Tribulation 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 years into the Great Tribulation and at the end of the novel the day of the Glorious Appearing.
 Medusa is a Kurt Austin novel of the series NUMA Files. This book is the eighth of that series. The hardcover edition was released June 2 2009. Other editions of this book were released on other dates.
 The Bulletin of the History of Archaeology is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing research reviews and short communications on the history of archaeology. It was established in May 1991 by Douglas Givens and is currently edited by Tim Murray.
 Sugar was a British magazine for teenage girls published by Hachette Filipacchi. Its content focused on boys fashion celebrities real-life stories about teenagers and other similar matters. The editor when it closed was Annabel Brog. The brand lives on through the website sugarscape.com. Aimed at females 16-24 it is currently edited by Kate Lucey.
 Out From Boneville is the first story-arc in the Bone series. It collects the first six issues of Jeff Smith's self-published Bone comics. It marks the beginning of part one (of three) of the Bone series titled Vernal Equinox. The book was first published by Cartoon Books in its original black-and-white version in 1995; excerpts were printed in Disney Adventures over the course of 1994-1998.
 Syracuse New Times is a weekly alternative newspaper published in Syracuse New York by William Brod and distributed throughout the central New York region. It is owned by All Times Publishing LLC. The publication is released every Wednesday printing 46000 copies and distributed to approximately 1150 locations in Central New York.
 The Devils of Loudun is a 1952 non-fiction novel by Aldous Huxley. It is a historical narrative of supposed demonic possession religious fanaticism sexual repression and mass hysteria which occurred in 17th century France surrounding unexplained events that took place in the small town of Loudun; particularly on Roman Catholic priest Urbain Grandier and an entire convent of Ursuline nuns who allegedly became possessed by demons after Grandier made a pact with Satan.
 Peepo Choo (ピポチュー Pipo Chū) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Felipe Smith. It was serialized in Kodansha's manga magazine Morning 2 from June 21 2008. The individual chapters were collected into three bound volumes by Kodansha which released them between April 24 2009 and April 23 2010. It is licensed in North America by Vertical which released the three volumes between July 13 2010 and December 14 2010.
 Bulletin of the American Astronomical Society (BAAS; Bull. Am. Astron. Soc.) is the journal of record for the American Astronomical Society established in 1969. It publishes meetings of the society obituaries of its members and scholarly articles. Four issues are published per year that are collected into a single volume.Articles are indexed and often archived from the Astrophysics Data System using the journal code BAAS.
 Return to Rocheworld is a 1993 science fiction novel by Robert L. Forward and Julie Forward Fuller. It is the sequel to Forward's Rocheworld (a.k.a. The Flight of the Dragonfly) a novel about the first manned interstellar mission to a unique double planet.Having discovered that the Roche lobe of the planet is subject to periodic flooding the explorers return there to find that Roche also harbors not only life but intelligence as well.
 The American Journal of Orthopsychiatry is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering orthopsychiatry. It is published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the American Orthopsychiatric Association and the editors-in-chief are Oscar A. Barbarin (Tulane University) and Gary B. Melton (University of Colorado School of Medicine).
 The Sciences was a magazine published from 1961 to 2001 by the New York Academy of Sciences. Each issue contained articles that discussed science issues with cultural relevance illustrated with fine art and an occasional cartoon. The periodical won seven National Magazine Awards over the course of its publication.
 The Asian Banker Journal a trade publication that covers the global financial services industry was founded in Singapore by Emmanuel Daniel and his associates. The company has grown into The Asian Banker group with research conferences and training businesses all focusing on providing information and analysis on the global financial services industry.
 Shooting Sean is the fourth novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman released on 8 May 2001 through Harper Collins. The novel was named by Hugh Macdonald as one of The Heralds paperbacks of the week in June 2001.
 Hesperia is a peer-reviewed journal published quarterly by the American School of Classical Studies at Athens. It was founded in 1932 for the publication of the work of the school. This is still the main aim of the journal today. It also accepts other submissions by scholars in the fields of Greek archaeology art epigraphy history and literature.
 Kisshō Tennyo (吉祥天女) is a Japanese shōjo manga written and illustrated by Akimi Yoshida. It was serialized by Shogakukan in Betsucomi between February 1983 and June 1984 and collected in four bound volumes. Kisshō Tennyo received the 1984 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga.On 30 June 2007 Blue Planet released Kisshō Tennyo live-action movie. It was directed by Ataru Oikawa.On December 21 2007 Happinet Pictures released a DVD for the film version of Kisshō Tennyo.
 Victory Unintentional is a humorous science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov originally published in the August 1942 issue of Super Science Stories and included in the collections The Rest of the Robots (1964) and The Complete Robot (1982). It is a sequel to a non-robot story Not Final! published the previous year and one of the few stories by Asimov to postulate non-human intelligences in the Solar System.
 Against Interpretation and Other Essays is a collection of essays by Susan Sontag published in 1966. It includes some of Sontag's best-known works including On Style Notes on 'Camp' and the eponymous essay Against Interpretation. In the last Sontag argues that in the new critical approach to aesthetics the spiritual importance of art is being replaced by the emphasis on the intellect.
 The Daily Star is a pan-Middle East English language newspaper edited in Beirut.
 The National Encyclopedia of Uzbekistan (Uzbek: Oʻzbekiston milliy ensikopediyasi OʻzME in Latin script Ўзбекистон миллий энциклопедияси ЎзМЭ in Cyrillic script) is a general-knowledge encyclopedia in Uzbek. It is the first general-knowledge encyclopedia in the Uzbek language that was published following the Uzbek Soviet Encyclopedia.While the Uzbek Soviet Encyclopedia was published in 14 volumes the National Encyclopedia of Uzbekistan has only 12 volumes.
 The Vampire (Russian: Упырь Oupyr) is a gothic novella by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy first published in Saint Petersburg in 1841 under the pseudonym of Krasnorogsky.
 Tanar of Pellucidar is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the third in his series set in the interior world of Pellucidar. It first appeared as a six-part serial in The Blue Book Magazine from March–August 1929. It was first published in book form in hardcover by Metropolitan Books in May 1930.
 Now and Then is Joseph Heller's 1998 memoir. The first half of the memoir focuses on Heller's childhood in Coney Island and is in fact as much about the place as it is about the man. Heller describes growing up his mother and half-siblings in a fundamentally safe and fun neighborhood of punch ball football amusement park and Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Stand.
 Gdzie slonce wschodzi i kedy zapada is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1974.
 The Pendragon Legend is a 1934 novel by the Hungarian writer Antal Szerb.The book is a philosophical thriller/comedy/murder-mystery/ghost story set first in London and then in Wales. A mystical element is diffused through an increasingly complex plot as all threads converge in the final chapters.The Pendragon Legend was first translated into English by Lili Halápy in 1963 and again by Len Rix in 2006.
 For other uses see Flood tide (disambiguation).Flood Tide is an adventure novel by Clive Cussler. This is the 14th book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Dirk Pitt. He must rescue illegal immigrants from a Chinese tycoon and locate the bones of the Peking Man the famous lost example of Homo erectus. This book also introduces Juan Cabrillo and some of the Corporation of the future Oregon Files series of books.
 Mais Alto is a Portuguese language aviation magazine published by the Portuguese Air Force since 1959. It is sold in Portugal and also has subscribers in Australia Belgium Brazil Italy Finland France Netherlands United Kingdom Spain Sweden Germany Uruguay Mexico United States and South Africa.
 The Daily Reporter is a daily newspaper published in Coldwater Michigan in the United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media who acquired it from Independent Media Group in 2000.In addition to Coldwater the paper covers several other cities and villages in Branch County Michigan including Bronson Quincy and Union City.The newspaper was founded in December 1895.
 Strange Gifts is an American science fiction short story anthology edited by Robert Silverberg published in 1975. The stories are about people with unusual talents.
 Ming Pao Daily News (明報 Pinyin: MíngBào) or Ming Pao for short is a Chinese language newspaper in Canada owned by the Ming Pao Group of Hong Kong.Ming Pao in Canada has two editions. The Eastern edition (加東版 Pinyin: Jiā Dōng Bǎn) published in Toronto Ontario was launched in May 1993 by then Chairman P.H. Yu and competed in the local Chinese community with Sing Tao Daily and World Journal.The Toronto editorial offices are located in Agincourt.
 The Sunday Independent (also known as The Independent) was a Perth Western Australian based weekly newspaper owned by mining entrepreneurs Lang Hancock and Peter Wright.The paper was launched on 27 April 1969 as a Sunday only publication under the banner The Independent with its founding editor was Maxwell Newton (who was previously the foundation editor of The Australian).
 De re metallica (Latin for On the Nature of Metals (Minerals)) is a book cataloguing the state of the art of mining refining and smelting metals published a year posthumously in 1556 due to a delay in preparing woodcuts for the text. The author was Georg Bauer whose pen name was the Latinized Georgius Agricola. The book remained the authoritative text on mining for 180 years after its publication.
 The Hydrofoil Mystery was written in 2003 by Canadian author Eric Walters. It is about a teenage boy named Billy McCracken whose mother arranges for him to go away for the summer to work with none other than the well-known inventor of the telephone Alexander Graham Bell.
 Player's Secrets of Ariya is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 Molecular Informatics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1981 by John Wiley & Sons. It was originally published as the Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationships but changed its name in 2003 to QSAR & Combinatorial Science and in 2010 to the current name.It is the official journal of The QSAR and Modelling Society and the Society of Combinatorial Sciences.
 The Desert Sun is a local daily newspaper serving Palm Springs and the Coachella Valley of Southern California.It is owned by Gannett publications since 1988 and acquired the Indio Daily News in 1990 to become the sole local newspaper.First issued on August 5 1927 as a weekly six-page newspaper The Desert Sun grew with the desert communities.
 Naugatuck River Review (NRR) is a national literary magazine named after the Naugatuck River in Connecticut. Founded in 2009 it publishes narrative poetry.
 The Lottery is a 2002 novel by Canadian author Beth Goobie. The book was first published on October 1 2002 through Orca Book Publishers.
 The Pedestrian is a short story by author Ray Bradbury. This story was originally published in the August 7 1951 issue of The Reporter by The Fortnightly Publishing Company. It is included in the collection The Golden Apples of the Sun (1953).
 The Dead Father is a post-modernist novel by author Donald Barthelme published in 1975 by Farrar Straus and Giroux. The book relates the journey of a vaguely defined entity that symbolizes fatherhood hauled by a small group of people as the plot unravels through narratives anecdotes dialogues reflexions and allegories presented to the reader through the tools and constructions of postmodern literature in which the author excelled as a short story writer.
 Cockroach Cooties is a children's novel by Laurence Yep.
 Harrison Bergeron is a satirical and dystopian science-fiction short story written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and first published in October 1961. Originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction the story was republished in the author's Welcome to the Monkey House collection in 1968. The satire raises a serious question concerning the desirability of social equality and the extent to which society is prepared to go to achieve it.
 Son of Interflux is a 1986 novel by Gordon Korman.
 The Ghost of Thomas Kempe is a low fantasy novel for children by Penelope Lively first published by Heinemann in 1973 with illustrations by Anthony Maitland. Set in present-day Oxfordshire it features a boy and his modern family who are new in their English village and seem beset by a poltergeist.
 The Orya literally means The pork in a Greek comedy written by Epicharmus in 500 B.C mentioned by Hesychius.The name 'Orya' is also an uncommon Hebrew name that derives from the roots 'Or' ('light' 'illumination') and 'ya' ('God' 'deity) meaning 'the light of God'. It occurs in the early parts of Genesis as an abstract describing the authority of Yahweh vis-a-vis His creation of the world.
 The A.B.C. Murders is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 6 January 1936 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company on 14 February of the same year. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00.The book features the characters of Hercule Poirot Arthur Hastings and Chief Inspector Japp. The form of the novel is unusual combining first- and third-person narrative.
 God and Sex: What the Bible Really Says is a book by Professor Michael Coogan published in 2010.The book was well received by Jessica Warner from the University of Toronto but was criticized by Prof. Phyllis Trible from Wake Forest University School of Divinity in North Carolina. Trible asserts that patriarchy was not decreed by God but only described by him it being specific for humans after the fall and claims that Saint Paul made the same mistake as Coogan in this respect.
 Lunch Money is a 2005 children's novel by the American author Andrew Clements illustrated by Brian Selznick.
 Standart (Стандарт) is a Bulgarian newspaper founded in 1992. Chairman of the board of editors is Todor Batkov. The online edition has an English language section.
 Steering the Craft: Exercises and Discussions on Story Writing for the Lone Mariner and the Mutinous Crew is a 1998 nonfiction book by Ursula K. Le Guin. Developed from a writers' workshop led by Le Guin the book contains self-guided exercises and discussions focused on the craft of narrative prose.
 It's a Battlefield is an early novel by Graham Greene first published in the year 1934. Graham Greene later described it as his first overtly political novel. Its theme said Greene is the injustice of man's justice. Later in life Greene classified his major books as novels and his lighter works as entertainments; he ranked It's a Battlefield as a novel and not a mere entertainment.
 Faces of Fear is a World Fantasy award-winning book (Berkley Books 1985 revised 1990) where writer critic and lawyer Douglas E. Winter interviews seventeen contemporary British and American horror writers about their life and art. The writers are V. C. Andrews Clive Barker William Peter Blatty Robert Bloch Ramsey Campbell John Coyne Dennis Etchison Charles L. Grant James Herbert T. E. D.
 The Blue Djinn of Babylon is a novel by P.B. Kerr which tells the second chapter of John and Philippa Gaunt and their adventures as djinn. It is the second book of the Children of the Lamp series. The book earned a place on the New York Times Best Seller list for children's books and received generally favorable reviews.
 The Rootkit Arsenal: Escape and Evasion in the Dark Corners of the System is a book written by Bill Blunden published by Jones & Bartlett Publishers in May 2009. The book takes the reader in depth about rootkit technology and uses. It covers topics such as IA-32 assembly the Windows system architecture kernel debugging advanced rootkit development and much more concerning rootkit technology and how it can be applied onto e.g. white hat hacking.
 Forbidden Worlds was a fantasy comic from the American Comics Group which won the 1964 Alley Award for Best Regularly Published Fantasy Comic. It published 145 issues between July/Aug. 1951 to Aug. 1967.
 The Tears of Autumn (1974) is American author Charles McCarry's second novel and the second novel in the Paul Christopher series.
 Between the Living and the Dead: A Perspective on Witches and Seers in the Early Modern Age is a study of the beliefs regarding witchcraft and magic in Early Modern Hungary written by the Hungarian historian Éva Pócs.
 Coming to Power: Writings and Graphics on Lesbian S/M is a 1981 book edited by members of the lesbian feminist S/M organisation SAMOIS. It is an anthology of lesbian S/M writings.It was quickly out-of-print and reached a worldwide audience the following year when it was reprinted by Alyson Publications.
 The Citizen is a six day a week morning daily newspaper in Laconia New Hampshire USA the largest local paper serving the Lakes Region of that state. It has been owned since 2010 Eagle Printing & Publishing of Claremont New Hampshire.
 Time Breakers is a five-issue comic book limited series published in 1997 under the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix. It was written by Rachel Pollack and illustrated by Chris Weston.Time Breakers narrates the exploits of a self-recruited team of time travellers dedicated to the creation of time paradoxes in the belief that this is the only method to prevent the destruction of time itself.
 Painting Mona Lisa is a historical novel by Jeanne Kalogridis about a young Italian woman Lisa Gherardini who falls in love with Giulano Medici the son of Lorenzo de' Medici during the Florentine revolution and amongst all the religious upheavals during the late 15th century.It's an intricately woven tale of betrayal love and loss which unravels the mysteries surrounding Leonardo da Vinci's most famous portrait Mona Lisa and its links with the main character Lisa Gherardini with added plots and a twist the reader won't see coming.
 The Daventry Express is a local weekly newspaper serving Daventry and the surrounding villages. It is currently published every Thursday. It has a circulation of 7500 and is owned by Johnston Press.Its offices are located in Daventry High Street.In 1869 the Daventry Express was published on Saturdays by Thomas and John William Barrett.
 The Book of Sand (original Spanish title: El libro de arena) is a short story collection by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges published in 1975.
 Aleph is a 2011 novel by the Brazilian writer Paulo Coelho. It is the fourteenth major book by Coelho and touches on the theme of spirituality. Aleph was written in Coelho's native language Portuguese. Under the sentence Some books are read. Aleph is lived the book is an autobiographical account written in a novel format. Upon release it became a bestselling novel in Brazil.
 The Black Hills Pioneer (first published as the Black Hills Weekly Pioneer) is a newspaper published in Spearfish South Dakota. Founded by A. W. Merrick and W. A. Laughlin it was the first newspaper in Deadwood located in what was then Dakota Territory.Merrick and the Black Hills Weekly Pioneer are portrayed in the HBO television series Deadwood.
 The Journal of Life Sciences is a full-color bimonthly American magazine and daily website published in San Francisco since May 2007. Owned by Burrill & Company [1] and the California Healthcare Institute [2] TJOLS reports on how developments in the life sciences affect society business and policy.TJOLS was launched to cover topics “where science and society meet”—an area that its founders felt was often overlooked by peer-reviewed science journals and mainstream business publications.
 Bookforum is an American book review magazine devoted to books and the discussion of literature. Based in New York City New York it is edited by Albert Mobilio Chris Lehmann David O'Neill Michael Miller and Emily Cooke.
 Letter to My Daughter (2009) is the third book of essays by African American writer and poet Maya Angelou. By the time it was published Angelou had written two other books of essays several volumes of poetry and six autobiographies. She was recognized and highly respected as a spokesperson for Blacks and women and had become a major autobiographical voice of the time.
 By The Great Horn Spoon! is a children's novel by Sid Fleischman published in 1963. The story takes place in the California Gold Rush. A twelve-year old boy named Jack who has lived with his Aunt Arabella since his parents died heads to California to search for gold after Aunt Arabella loses all her money. He is accompanied by Aunt Arabella's butler Praiseworthy. As the novel opens they are stowaways on a ship The Lady Wilma.
 Night's Black Agents is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Fritz Leiber. It was released in 1947 and was the author's first book. It was published by Arkham House in an edition of 3084 copies.Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Unknown and Weird Tales; 3 were original.The book's title is borrowed from Macbeth Act III scene ii.Later editions are more complete.
 Beginnings is a collection of science fiction stories and poems by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1988. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Future Analog Science Fiction and Fact Fantastic Fantasy and Science Fiction Galaxy Science Fiction Fantastic Universe and Worlds of Tomorrow. The poems first appeared in The Final Encyclopedia.
 The Seafarer is a 2006 play by Irish playwright Conor McPherson. It is set on Christmas Eve in Baldoyle a coastal suburb north of Dublin city. The play centers on James Sharky Harkin an alcoholic who has recently returned to live with his blind aging brother Richard Harkin. As Sharky attempts to stay off the bottle during the holidays he contends with the hard-drinking irascible Richard and his own haunted conscience.
 The Word for World Is Forest is a science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin published in 1976 and based on her 1972 novella which was nominated for a Nebula Award.It is part of Le Guin's Hainish Cycle.
 Cthulhu’s Dark Cults is an anthology edited by David Conyers containing ten Cthulhu Mythos short stories set in Chaosium’s Call of Cthulhu role-playing game setting. All the stories take place during the 1920s and 1930s the era in which the game is set.
 Reefer Madness: Sex Drugs and Cheap Labor in the American Black Market is a book written by Eric Schlosser and published in 2003.
 Celestial Mechanics and Dynamical Astronomy is a scientific journal covering the fields of astronomy and astrophysics. It was established as Celestial Mechanics in June 1969. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Sylvio Ferraz-Mello (University of São Paulo).
 A Dame to Kill For is a comic book limited series first published by Dark Horse Comics in 1993. It is the second story in Frank Miller's Sin City series and the first to be published in miniseries format. It was written and drawn entirely by Frank Miller. It has since been reprinted in graphic novel format in four separate editions.
 Social Politics: International Studies in Gender State and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Oxford University Press. It was established in 1994 and is edited by Barbara Hobson Ann Shola Orloff and Rianne Mahon.
 The Dark Tower: The Wind Through the Keyhole is a novel by Stephen King first published on February 21 2012 by Grant as a limited edition and later published by Scribner as a trade hardcover (ISBN 978-1451658903) on April 24 2012 with ebook and audiobook editions. The audiobook is read by the author. As part of The Dark Tower series it is the eighth Dark Tower novel but chronologically set between volumes four and five.
 The Diplomat is a 1949 novel by an Australian writer James Aldridge. The book tells the story of three British diplomats while they set out for a journey to get acquainted with the situation in Iranian Azerbaijan and Iranian Kurdistan at the brink of the Cold War.
 The Rampaging Hulk is a black-and-white magazine published by Curtis Magazines (an imprint of Marvel Comics) from 1977–1978. With issue #10 it changed its format to color and title to The Hulk! and ran another 17 issues before it folded in 1981.
 AIDS and Its Metaphors is the companion book to Illness as Metaphor also by Susan Sontag. While Illness as Metaphor drew on her experiences as a cancer patient and focused on the various metaphors that we attribute to cancer AIDS and Its Metaphors extends this argument to the AIDS crisis. Both books explore how attitudes to disease are formed in society and attempt to deconstruct them.
 A Rock and a Hard Place (ISBN 0-8041-0191-4) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1988 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books. It is the fourth novel in Sherman's Night Fighter Series.
 Red Steel is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Memorabilia is a novel by Vanessa MintVanDi. Set in the late 1980s it unfolds the life of a fictional rockstar Blaze and the events leading to his mysterious death.
 Ambulance Ship is a 1979 science fiction novel by author James White and is part of the Sector General series.
 The Diplomatic Courier is an English-language global news and international affairs analysis magazine based in Washington D.C. It publishes six print issues per year in addition to weekly online content and a blog On Point. It focuses on the latest ideas and processes in diplomacy negotiations conflict resolution international affairs peace-building and rule of law as well as concepts and theories from a wide variety of related disciplines.
 The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America usually referred to as PNAS is the official journal of the United States National Academy of Sciences (NAS). PNAS is an important scientific journal that printed its first issue in 1915 and continues to publish highly cited research reports commentaries reviews perspectives feature articles profiles letters to the editor and actions of the Academy.
 The Millstone is a novel by Margaret Drabble first published in 1965.It is about an unmarried young academic who becomes pregnant after a one-night stand and against all odds decides to give birth to her child and raise it herself.
 Stone Fox is a short children's novel by John Reynolds Gardiner. It is the first and best known of Gardiner's books. Stone Fox was acclaimed and very popular when it was published in 1980. It sold three million copies and was turned into a television movie starring Buddy Ebsen Joey Cramer and Gordon Tootoosis and directed by Harvey Hart in 1987. It was named a New York Times Notable Book of the Year for 1980 (Nov. 30 1980. p.
 Submarine Super 99 (潜水艦スーパー99 Sabumarin Sūpā Nain Nain) is a television series created by Leiji Matsumoto. Video was distributed by TV Tokyo.Enoki Films USA Inc. holds the distribution rights of English version but it is not releasing it.
 The Hungarian Ornithological and Nature Conservation Society (Hungarian: Magyar Madártani és Természetvédelmi Egyesület) (MME) also known as BirdLife Hungary is a non-profit ornithological and nature conservation organisation founded in Hungary in 1974. Its mission is to protect wild birds and help preserve biodiversity. It has about 10000 members employs 26 staff and is the Hungarian partner organisation of BirdLife International. Since 1991 it has published the journal Ornis Hungarica
 The Conqueror Worms (alternate title Earthworm Gods) is a post-apocalyptic themed horror novel written by author Brian Keene. Earthworm Gods was a 9000 word short story that simultaneously was printed in 4x4 and No Rest For The Wicked.
 Panic x Panic (ぱにっく×ぱにっく Paniku × Paniku) is a shōjo manga by Mika Kawamura published in Kodansha's Nakayoshi and collected into two volumes. It is licensed in English by Del Rey Manga.
 The American Conservative (TAC) is a bi-monthly journal of opinion published by the American Ideas Institute. It reflects traditional American conservatism that has argued vigorously against American interventionism against a debt-based fiscal policy used to finance adventurism abroad and government growth at home and against the intrusions on Americans’ private lives by state security apparatus.
 Enchanter (Japanese: 機工魔術士-enchanter- Hepburn: Kikō Majutsushi-Enchantā-) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Izumi Kawachi. The manga was serialized in October 2002 in Square Enix's magazine Monthly Gangan Wing. The manga is licensed in North America by Digital Manga. The manga was adapted into 2 drama CDs.
 Mudazumo Naki Kaikaku (ムダヅモ無き改革 Reform with No Wasted Draws  also known in English as The Legend of Koizumi) is a satirical mahjong manga by Hideki Ohwada. It was initially irregularly serialized in the Kindai Mahjong Original manga magazine published by Takeshobo then switched to bimonthly serialization on Takeshobo's other mahjong manga magazine Kindai Mahjong in April 2009. An anime adaptation was released on February 26 2010 as an original video anime.
 Elohekhem (Hebrew: אלהיכם‎) is a genre of piyyut which arose among Jews in 12th-century Germany to be inserted in the Qedusha of the Musaf prayer.
 The Yale Globalist (also referred to as The Globalist) is a quarterly undergraduate magazine of international affairs from Yale University. The magazine is written edited and published entirely by undergraduate students.
 Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper is an autobiography that contains many experiences and observations of Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock during his fifty years of hunting and trapping.
 Ghost Hunt (ゴーストハント Gōsuto Hanto) originally titled Akuryō Series (悪霊シリーズ) is a light novel series written by Fuyumi Ono. It follows the adventures of the Shibuya Psychic Research Center as they investigate mysterious occurrences all over Japan with a team of other spiritualists and clever assistants. Although the last novel was published in 1994 the story was left incomplete.
 The FairTax Book is a non-fiction book by libertarian radio talk show host Neal Boortz and Congressman John Linder published on August 2 2005 as a tool to increase public support and understanding for the FairTax plan. Released by ReganBooks the hardcover version held the #1 spot on the New York Times Best Seller list for the last two weeks of August 2005 and remained in the top ten for seven weeks.
 The Arleng Daily is a daily newspaper published from Diphu Assam. It has its beginning in june 2004 when it was distributed for free in and around Diphu. (soon it become popular and begin to charge its reader). As of 2008 it was one of the only two Karbi language dailies in Karbi Anglong districtThe present editor is T.pong Hanse.
 Dream Jungle is a novel by Jessica Hagedorn a Filipino American author. The book was published in 2003 by Penguin Viking press.
 The Colour of Magic (also known as The Color of Magic) is a 1983 comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett and is the first book of the Discworld series. Pratchett has described it as an attempt to do for the classical fantasy universe what Blazing Saddles did for Westerns.
 The Way It Came is a short story published in 1896 in London by American writer Henry James. The unnamed female narrator recounts her obsession with the mystical coincidence of two friends who seem destined to meet and who apparently do unite in spirit after death.Calling the story's original title colourless James renamed it The Friends of the Friends in 1909 revising it for inclusion in the New York Edition.
 The Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion (J Sci Study Relig) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell in the United States of America under the auspices of the Society for the Scientific Study of Religion dedicated to publishing scholarly articles in the social sciences including psychology sociology and anthropology devoted to the study of religion.
 Five Science Fiction Novels is a 1952 anthology of five science fiction novellas edited by Martin Greenberg. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Unknown and Astounding.
 Spy Story is a 1974 spy novel by Len Deighton which features minor characters from his earlier novels The IPCRESS File Funeral in Berlin Horse Under Water and Billion Dollar Brain.In common with several of his other early novels the chapter headings have a feature. In Spy Story these take the form of excerpts from the fictional Studies Centre's rules.
 Blood Sucker: Legend of Zipangu (夜刀の神つかい Yato-no-kami Tsukai) is a horror themed Japanese manga series written by Saki Okuse (奥瀬 サキ Okuse Saki) and illustrated by Aki Shimizu.It is twelve volumes long and was serialized in Gentosha Comics' Comic Birz magazine and licensed by Tokyopop in the west. The manga is rated 18+ due to its scenes of violence and nudity.
 The Dark World is a science fantasy novel by Henry Kuttner noted for its influence on The Chronicles of Amber by Roger Zelazny. The novel was first published in the July 1946 issue of Startling Stories then reprinted in the Winter 1954 issue of Fantastic Story Magazine. Its first book edition was issued by Ace in 1965 followed by a British paperback from Mayflower Books in 1966. A French translation appeared in 1972.
 The Sittaford Mystery is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1931 under the title of The Murder at Hazelmoor and in UK by the Collins Crime Club on 7 September of the same year under Christie's original title. It is the first Christie novel to be given a different title for the US market.The US edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6).
 The Art Newspaper (Established in 1983) is a monthly newspaper about the visual arts based in London. It is published in a newspaper rather than a magazine format. It caters particularly for the art professional and although it is sold in major outlets it is not extensively distributed in smaller shops.Philippe de Montebello Director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art New York called it an invaluable source of information about art and the art world.
 Dead Certain: The Presidency of George W. Bush is a 2007 book by Robert Draper. The book tells the story of the George W. Bush Administration from 2001 to 2007.Draper wanted to tell the story of the Bush White House with an inside perspective. To this end and in preparation for writing the book Draper had six one-on-one interviews with President Bush.
 Le Communiste ('The Communist') was a French language weekly newspaper published from Brussels Belgium. It was founded in 1928 by the group of War van Overstraeten which had been expelled from the Communist Party of Belgium.
 Drakas! is an anthology in S.M. Stirling's alternate history series The Domination.
 The Willamette Law Review is a law review academic journal published by Willamette University College of Law in Salem Oregon United States. Founded in 1959 as a predecessor to an earlier publication the quarterly publication is housed in the Oregon Civic Justice Center. Cited as Willamette L. Rev. the journal is edited by students of the law school with oversight by the college's faculty. As of 2007 Willamette Law Review has published a total of 43 volumes.
 Akhon Samoy (Bengali: এখন সময়) is a Bengali language newspaper published from New York USA since 2000[citation needed].
 Republika (English: Republic) is a newspaper published in Albania. Republika is daily newspaper and is part of R Group.al Society Ltd..
 The Lawton Constitution is a daily newspaper published in Lawton Oklahoma. It began publishing in 1904. John Shepler bought the paper in 1910. It remained with successive generations of Shepler's family until his great-grandsons Don and Steve Bentley sold the paper on March 1 2012. The new owners are brothers Bill and Brad Burgess who are lawyers and businessmen in Lawton.
 Yas-e No (یاس نو in Persian; New Yasmine in English) was a reformist newspaper in Iran unofficially an outlet of the Islamic Iran Participation Front.
 Soaplife is a fortnightly UK magazine released on Tuesday by IPC Media. Storylines of the shows it covers are from soap operas shown in the United Kingdom and from Australia. Popular soaps featured are EastEnders Coronation Street Doctors Emmerdale Hollyoaks Neighbours and Home and Away.In 1999 it was first launched just for one issue to print pictures from The British Soap Awards as sister TV listings magazine What's On TV did not have enough space to print all the backstage pictures.
 Current Biology is a scientific journal that covers all areas of biology especially molecular biology cell biology genetics neurobiology ecology and evolutionary biology. The journal is published twice a month and includes peer-reviewed research articles various types of review articles as well as an editorial magazine section.
 The House of Blue Leaves is a play by American playwright John Guare first staged in 1966 by Eugene O'Neill Theater Center in Waterford Connecticut.Set in Sunnyside Queens in 1965 on the day Pope Paul VI visited New York City the black comedy features nuns a political bombing a GI headed for Vietnam a zookeeper who dreams of making it big in Hollywood as a songwriter and his wife Bananas a schizophrenic destined for the institution that provides the play's title.
 Xiagu Danxin is a wuxia novel by Liang Yusheng. It was first serialised between 5 October 1967 and 20 June 1969 in the Hong Kong newspaper Sin Wan Pao. The story is a sequel to Yunhai Yugong Yuan another novel by Liang Yusheng.
 Arctic is a quarterly peer-reviewed multidisciplinary scientific journal published by the Arctic Institute of North America. The focus of Arctic is original research articles on all topics about or related to the northern polar and sub-polar regions of the world.
 The Dreamseller saga consists of three novels written by Augusto Cury – doctor psychiatrist psychotherapist and publishing phenomenon in Brazil.The first book to be released in the U.S. market — The Dreamseller: The Calling — features characters that are present in the whole saga. Through a narrative composed from the heart Cury draws a parallel between the effects of modern society in our lives and our emotions.
 Contemporary was a monthly visual arts magazine based in London. Founded and edited as The Green Book by Keith Spencer as a quarterly publication it re-emerged under the title Contemporary Art in 1993.
 €Dragonar Academy (星刻の竜騎士（ドラグナー） Seikoku no Doragunā lit. The Star-Marked Dragonar) is a Japanese light novel series written by Shiki Mizuchi illustrated by Kohada Shimesaba and published by Media Factory under the MF Bunko J imprint. The first volume was released on June 25 2010 with a total of 14 volumes available in Japan as of December 2013.
 The Glass Key is a novel by Dashiell Hammett said to be his favorite among his works. It was first published as serial in Black Mask in 1930 then was collected in 1931 (in London; the American edition followed 3 months later) and tells the story of gambler and racketeer Ned Beaumont whose devotion to crooked political boss Paul Madvig leads him to investigate the murder of a local senator's son as a potential gang war brews.
 Enchanted Feminism: The Reclaiming Witches of San Francisco is an anthropological study of the Reclaiming Wiccan community of San Francisco. It was written by the Scandinavian theologian Jone Salomonsen of the California State University Northridge and first published in 2002 by the Routledge.
 The European Journal of Personality is the official bimonthly academic journal of the European Association of Personality Psychology covering research on personality published by Wiley in the United States. According to the 2011 Journal Citation Reports its impact factor is 2.438 (down from 2.597 in 2009) ranking it 8th in the category social psychology.
 The End of Oil: On the Edge of a Perilous New World is a non-fiction book by American journalist and author Paul Roberts. Published in 2004 it is Roberts' book-length debut. It provides an analysis of the various problems associated with humanity's reliance on oil and other fossil fuels such as coal and natural gas.
 To Escape the Stars is a 1978 science fiction novel by US editor and writer Robert Hoskins.It is the third of three in the Stars sequence 10000 years after the previous novel where gate travel between worlds is common even for transporting raw materials. The novel has two distinct parts the first describing the bad behavior of the protagonist the second describing the renewed search for the advanced aliens from Alnia.
 The Course of Honour is a historical novel by Lindsey Davis set in ancient Rome and concerning the emperor Vespasian and his lover Caenis. It was the first novel Davis wrote which was set in ancient Rome but was not published until 1997 after she had become known for the Falco series. Davis has said I see it as my first real book and because the true story is so wonderful it will always be my favourite.
 The Book is an unfinished short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft believed to have been written in late 1933.
 The International Journal of General Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on basic and applied aspects of systems science and systems methodology. Its focus is on general systems - systems ideas that have general applicability. The editor-in-chief is George Klir.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.733.
 Death on Naboo is the fourth book in Jude Watson's series The Last of the Jedi.
 The Hunting of the Snark (An Agony in 8 Fits) is typically categorized as a nonsense poem written by Lewis Carroll the pen name of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson. Written from 1874 to 1876 the poem borrows the setting some creatures and eight portmanteau words from Carroll's earlier poem Jabberwocky in his children's novel Through the Looking Glass (1871). The plot follows a crew of ten trying to hunt the Snark an animal which may turn out to be a highly dangerous Boojum.
 Conan and the Mists of Doom is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in August 1995.
 News.nl was a free Dutch tabloid-sized newspaper which was launched at the end of 2000 by De Telegraaf. The responsible editor was Frank VolmerAs opposed to Metro and Sp!ts (also released by De Telegraaf) it was an evening paper aimed at a more adult public than Sp!ts.Next to the articles there was a code which could be entered on the website of News.nl where one could find links with more information about the article.On 4 April 2001 News.nl was terminated.
 Timestorm 2009–2099 is a 2009 comic book limited series written by Brian Reed with pencils by Eric Battle and published by Marvel Comics. The series is a crossover between the mainstream Marvel Universe and a universe very similar to but with notable differences from the Marvel 2099 universe.
 Le Nationaliste was a weekly newspaper (published on Sundays) and an organ of the Ligue nationaliste an anti-imperialist and nationalist movement in Quebec Canada.The paper was founded by journalist Olivar Asselin journalist and politician Henri Bourassa and others. Although Bourassa owned shares in the newspaper he refrained from becoming active in its administration and fearing his byline would imply his tacit approval of all its positions quickly stopped contributing articles to it.
 Ultimate Comics: X-Men is an ongoing monthly comic-book series published by Marvel Comics that made its debut in September 2011 as part of the second re-launch of Ultimate Marvel. Through the Ultimate Universe Reborn tagline following the Death of Spider-Man and written by Nick Spencer with art by Paco Medina the series serves as a continuation of earlier titles such as Ultimate X-Men Ultimate Comics: X and the Ultimate Comics: Fallout mini-series.
 Fly Away Peter is a 1982 novel by Australian author David Malouf. It won The Age Book of the Year award in 1982 and is often studied at senior level in Australian high schools.
 Studia Islamica is an academic journal of Islamic studies focusing on the history religion law literature and language of the Muslim world primarily Southwest Asian and Mediterranean lands. The editors-in-chief are A. L. Udovitch (Princeton University) and Houari Touati (School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences). It was established in 1953 and is published biannually.
 The Rough Guide to True Crime is a non-fiction paperback reference guide to national and international true crime cases by American crime writer Cathy Scott. It was released in the UK and US in August 2009 by Penguin Books through its Rough Guides imprint.
 Our Hearts Were Young and Gay is a book by actress Cornelia Otis Skinner and journalist Emily Kimbrough published in 1942. The book presents a description of their European tour in the 1920s when they were fresh out of college from Bryn Mawr. Skinner wrote of Kimbrough To know Emily is to enhance one's days with gaiety charm and occasional terror.
 Call-A.P.P.L.E. is the monthly journal publication of the Apple Pugetsound Program Library Exchange (or A.P.P.L.E.). The magazine was published from 1978 until 1990 when it was discontinued; after a 12 year lapse publication was restarted in 2002. The magazine has covered most aspects of Apple personal computers; from the Apple I to the latest Macintosh computers with Mac OS X.
 Telen is a daily local newspaper published in Notodden Norway. It has a circulation of 5142 (2007) and owned by the Skien-newspaper Varden a subsidiary of Edda Media.
 Journal of Feline Medicine and Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of veterinary medicine as applied to domestic cats. The editors-in-chief are A. H. Sparkes (International Society of Feline Medicine) and M. Scherk (International Society of Feline Medicine). The journal is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the International Society of Feline Medicine and the American Association of Feline Practitioners.
 The Journal of Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering developmental behavioral pediatrics. The journal was established in 1980 and is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The editor-in-chief is Suzanne Dixon (University of Washington). It is the official journal of the Society for Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics.
 Truth Serum is an independent comic book series created written and drawn by author Jon Adams.
 Bloodline is the eleventh volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published by Gauntlet Press in a signed limited first edition (May 2007) and later as a trade hardcover from Forge (September 2007).
 Lab on a Chip is a peer-reviewed scientific journal which publishes original (primary) research and review articles on any aspect of miniaturisation at the micro and nano scale. Lab on a Chip is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) and the editor-in-chief is Harp Minhas. The journal was established in 2001 and hosts other RSC publications: Highlights in Chemical Technology and Highlights in Chemical Biology.
 A dos vientos. Criticas y semblanzas is a collection of articles in Spanish by Ramon Domènec Perés i Perés most published in La Vanguardia between 1888 and 1892 and published as a volume in 1892.
 Rahbar (Persian: رهبر‎ 'Guide') was an Iranian Persian language daily newspaper published from Tehran. It was the central organ of the communist Tudeh Party of Iran. The decision to launch Rahbar was taken at the First Party Conference held in October 1942 after that Abbas Iskandari the editor of erstwhile central organ of the party Siasat had been expelled from the party.
 A Tale of the Ragged Mountains is a short story written by Edgar Allan Poe partially based on his experiences while a student at the University of Virginia. Set near Charlottesville it is the only one of Poe's stories to take place in Virginia.
 XXXombies is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Rick Remender with art by Kieron Dwyer. It is the first series for Crawl Space a line of horror comic books distributed by Image Comics. The first issue was released on October 24 2007 one week away from Halloween that year.
 Uten Enten (雨天炎天) is a road essay by Japanese author Haruki Murakami about his travels in Greece and Turkey. The essays were first published in Japanese in 1990 by shinchosha as two separate volumes the first volume covering his travels in Greece and the other his travels in Turkey. A popular edition collecting both volumes was published in 1991. In 2008 a renewal edition was published with some new photographs.
 Homosexuality: A Philosophical Inquiry is a 1988 book about homosexuality by philosopher Michael Ruse who surveys different theories and evaluates the moral status of homosexual behavior. The book been both praised and criticized by scholars.
 Journal of Physics: Conference Series (JPCS) is a peer-reviewed open-access publication from IOP Publishing providing readers with the latest developments in physics presented at international conferences.It forms part of the IOP Conference Series a collection of open access publications specialising in proceedings publication.
 Focus is an Italian popular science magazine published by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore since 1992. It includes articles about science technology history health and social issues.
 Akhenaten Dweller in Truth is a novel written and published by Nobel Prize-winning Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz in 1985. It was translated from Arabic into English in 1998 by Tagreid Abu-Hassabo.The form and subject of the book is the basis for a cello concerto of the same title by Mohammed Fairouz.
 The Hanuman Chalisa (Devanagari: हनुमान चालीसा; Hindi pronunciation: [ɦənʊmaːn tʃaːliːsaː]; literally Forty chaupais on Hanuman) is a Hindu devotional hymn (stotra) addressed to Hanuman. It is traditionally believed to have been authored by Tulsidas in the Awadhi language and is his best known text apart from the Ramcharitmanas.
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever is a 2011 bestselling and award winning children's novel and the sixth book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series written by American author Jeff Kinney. The book was released on November 15 2011 and was the fastest selling book of 2011 giving him the third strongest opening week sales for a children's author. Cabin Fever had a first printing run of six million copies which Amulet Books stated was one of their most significant titles for that year.
 Otherness (1994) is an anthology of science fiction short stories by David Brin. Interspersed in the book are notes on some stories and other short articles by Brin.
 Tristia of the Deep-Blue Sea (蒼い海のトリスティア Aoi Umi no Tristia) is a PS2 and PC game developed by Kogado Studio. This game is part of the Deep-Blue series along with the sequel Neosphere of the Deep-Blue Sky (蒼い空のネオスフィア) and Akatsuki no Amaneka to Aoi Kyojin. The story has been adapted into an OVA and has been released with a title of 發明工坊 in China Hong Kong Taiwan U.S.A. Russia and Poland.For the 10th anniversary celebration this game will be re-released in PSP format in August 2012
 The Ice Maiden's Sheikh is the ninth book in Alexandra Sellers's Sons of the Desert series and was released in 2004. It features a parallel story to the one told in the previous book of the series Sheikh's Castaway as Princess Noor's cousin is left behind to answer her family's questions upon Noor's disappearance. This book follows the adventures of Jalia Shahbazi and Sheikh Latif Abd al Razzaq Shahin as they take off on search for Jalia's missing cousin.
 The Tirconaill Tribune is a local newspaper that circulates in County Donegal Ireland. The paper is circulated every Friday. The newspaper's headquarters is in Milford.The book No News at Throat Lake covers a journalist's year working with the paper in 1998. In 2008 the newspaper published the Government's decision to make a u-turn and end disability allowances for teenagers between the age of 16 and 18.
 Thanks to My Mother is the memoir of Schoschana Rabinovici née Susanne Weksler a young Jewish girl from Vilnius Lithuania. The book gives a rare detailed view of Jewish life in Vilnius during German occupation and contains gritty descriptions of life in the Vilnius Ghetto and the circumstances of those deported from the ghetto for slave labor in Germany. It is written from the viewpoint of a young girl from the age of about eight to twelve.
 100 Girls is a comic book series created by Adam Gallardo and Todd Demong and published by Arcana Studio.
 Hrvatska revija (English: Croatian Review or HR) is a Croatian quarterly published by Matica hrvatska (MH) based in Zagreb.The magazine's original run lasted between 1928 and 1945 when it was published by MH and during which it became a renowned literary and cultural magazine.
 art press is a monthly international review of contemporary art. Its first issue was for December 1972–January 1973. The original branding which has hardly changed since was by Roger Tallon. Articles are in French and English.
 Fall from Grace is a 1993 novel by Father Andrew Greeley. It is a novel about sin and corruption in Chicago and the cover up of child sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church.
 Dragon is one of the two official magazines for source material for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game and associated products; Dungeon is the other. TSR Inc. originally launched the monthly printed magazine in 1976 to succeed the company's earlier publication The Strategic Review. The final printed issue was #359 in September 2007.
 The Odd Women is an 1893 novel by the English novelist George Gissing. Its themes are the role of women in society marriage morals and the early feminist movement.
 The Mid-Ocean News was a Bermudian newspaper published between 1911 and 16 October 2009. It was a sister publication of The Royal Gazette which acquired it in 1962.At the time the Mid-Ocean News was a daily afternoon newspaper. In 1968 it became a weekly publication distributed on Saturdays. From 1976 until the newspaper's final edition on 16 October 2009 it was a weekly newspaper published on Fridays.
 Handle With Care is a novel by Jodi Picoult published in 2009. It debuted at #1 on The New York Times Best Seller list.
 Chamber of Chills is the name of two anthology horror comic books one published by Harvey Publications in the early 1950s the other by Marvel Comics in the 1970s.
 Your Commodore was a magazine for the Commodore range of computers including the Commodore 64 Amiga and Commodore PC range.
 Sand Land (Japanese: サンドランド Hepburn: Sando Rando) is a short manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine during the summer of 2000 and collected into one tankōbon volume on November 2 2000 by Shueisha.Sand Land was serialized in North America by Viz Media in their English Shonen Jump magazine in 2003. It was later released in one graphic novel on December 24 2003.
 The Sharing Knife: Beguilement is a fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold published in 2006. It is the first book in the The Sharing Knife series.
 Ryū (リュウ Ryū) is a shōnen manga written by Masao Yajima and illustrated by Akira Oze. The manga ran in Shōnen Sunday from 1986 vol. 39 through 1988 vol 1.
 The Perini Journal is the main trade journal in the world completely dedicated to the tissue paper industry.It is published in two yearly issues and in two different editions: the western in Italian/English language with an average printed copies of 17500; and the eastern in English/Chinese language with an average printed copies of 2500. The illustrations are made by world-renowned Italian painter Guido Scarabottolo.
 Afrique contemporaine is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by De Boeck Brussels Belgium.
 Cabal is a 1988 horror novel by the British author Clive Barker. It was originally published in the United States as part of a collection comprising a novel and several short stories from Barker's sixth and final volume of the Books of Blood.The book was adapted into the film Nightbreed in 1990 written and directed by Barker himself starring Craig Sheffer and David Cronenberg.
 Coronet was a general interest digest magazine published from October 13 1936 to March 1971 and ran for 299 issues. The magazine was owned by Esquire and published by David A. Smart from 1936 to 1961.
 The Journal of Theological Studies is an academic journal established in 1899 and now published by Oxford University Press in April and October each year. It publishes theological research scholarship and interpretation and hitherto unpublished ancient and modern texts inscriptions and documents. Volumes I to L (the Old Series) span 1899 to 1949 while volumes 1 to 63 (the New Series) span 1950 to 2012.
 Pretty Rhythm (プリティーリズム Puritī Rizumu) is a Japanese Taito Type X2 arcade game by Takara Tomy. It has been adapted into a manga series by Mari Asabuki. An anime adaptation by Tatsunoko Production titled Pretty Rhythm: Aurora Dream (プリティーリズム・オーロラドリーム Puritī Rizumu: Ōrora Dorīmu) aired in Japan between April 2011 and March 2012. This was followed by a sequel Pretty Rhythm: Dear My Future (プリティーリズム・ディアマイフューチャー Puritī Rizumu: Dia Mai Fyūchā) which aired between April 2012 and March 2013.
 Measurement and Evaluation in Counseling and Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Richard S. Balkin (Texas A&M University). It has been in publication since 2009 and is currently published by SAGE Publications is association with Association for Assessment in Counseling and Education.
 Indiana Jones and the Iron Phoenix is a Dark Horse Comics limited series starring the fictional archaeologist Indiana Jones. It was the seventh Indiana Jones limited series by Dark Horse and the sixth about the adult Indiana. The comic was based on a canceled LucasArts video game a sequel to Fate of Atlantis (which was also the first Dark Horse Indiana Jones comic).
 A Sucessora is a novel written by the Brazilian writer Carolina Nabuco. It was first published in 1934 and was later adapted into the 1978 telenovela A Sucessora.
 The Journal of Economic Theory often referred to as JET is an important scholarly journal in the field of economics. Although the journal was originally intended as a specialty journal in mathematical economics JET is now generally regarded as the leading journal in economic theory and one of the core journals in all of economics.Karl Shell has served as editor of the journal since its inception in 1968.
 Facial Angles refers to the content of two lectures on this subject by the Amsterdam professor of anatomy Petrus Camper on the 1st and 8 August in 1770 to the Amsterdam Drawing Academy called the Teken-akademie.
 The Stupids are a fictional family which appear in a series of children's books written by Harry Allard and James Marshall. The Stupids draw their humor from the fact that they are incompetent to the point of confusing the most simple concepts and tasks.
 Impro: Improvisation and the Theatre is a book written in 1979 by theatre educator Keith Johnstone. The book is divided into four sections Status Spontaneity Narrative Skills and Masks and Trance. Much of the book is based on his experiences as a teacher and as an associate director of the Royal Court Theatre in London
 The Knife That Killed Me is a young adult novel by Anthony McGowan published in 2008. It has been shortlisted for the Booktrust Teenage Prize longlisted for the Guardian Award and longlisted for the Manchester Book Award.
 God Bless You Dr. Kevorkian by Kurt Vonnegut is a collection of short fictional interviews written by Vonnegut and first broadcast on NPR. The title parodies that of Vonnegut's 1965 novel God Bless You Mr. Rosewater.
 Feature Funnies was a comic book anthology title published by Comic Favorites Inc. in the United States for 20 issues from 1937 until 1939. Feature Funnies cannily mixed color reprints of popular newspaper comic strips like Joe Palooka Mickey Finn and Dixie Dugan with a smattering of new features.
 Country Life is a British weekly magazine based in London at 110 Southwark Street and owned by IPC Media a Time Warner subsidiary.
 Fish Police is a comic book series by cartoonist Steve Moncuse. The plot centers on law and crime in a fictional underwater metropolis with the protagonist Inspector Gill trying to solve various often Mafia-related crimes while avoiding being seduced by the buxom Angel Jones.
 A Patriot's History of the United States: From Columbus's Great Discovery to the War on Terror is a 2004 book on American history by Larry Schweikart and Michael Allen. Written from a conservative standpoint it is a counterpoint to Howard Zinn's A People's History of the United States and asserts that the United States is an overwhelmingly positive force for good in the world.
 Wonder also called WWW: Wonder is a 2011 novel written by Canadian novelist Robert J. Sawyer. It is the third and last installment in the WWW Trilogy and was preceded by two sequels Wake (2009) and Watch (2010).
 Season's Greetings is a 1980 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is a black though often farcical comedy about a dysfunctional family Christmas set over Christmas Eve Christmas Day and Boxing Day in an average English suburban house.
 Ocean is a 2004 six-issue comic book miniseries written by Warren Ellis with pencils by Chris Sprouse and inks by Karl Story. It was published by DC Comics under the Wildstorm imprint.
 The Tenth Man (1985) is a short novel by British novelist Graham Greene.
 Gusher of Lies: The Dangerous Delusions of Energy Independence is a book by Robert Bryce which was released in 2008 and is published by PublicAffairs.
 My Story is an autobiographical book written by Indian author and poet Kamala Das (also known as Kamala Surayya or Madhavikutty). The book was originally published in Malayalam titled Ente Katha. The book evoked violent reactions of admiration and criticism among the readers and critics. It remains to date the best-selling woman's autobiography in India.My Story is a chronologically ordered linear narrative written in a realist style.
 The Magic Encyclopedia Volume One and Volume Two are two accessories for Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992. It was compiled for Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition.
 Jinbē (じんべえ) is a romance manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It appeared irregularly in the manga magazine Big Comic Original from 1992 through 1997 and was collected in one tankōbon volume in May 1997. In 1998 it was adapted as an 11-episode television drama series by Fuji TV.
 The Boy Who Dared is a 2008 novel by American children's author Susan Campbell Bartoletti. It is based upon the true story of Helmuth Hübener the youngest person to be sentenced to death by the Nazis during World War II. He was arrested and killed on October 27 1942 sent to a death penalty by guillotine.
 When a Man Murders is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in the May 1954 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Witnesses published by the Viking Press in 1956.
 This is an article about the 1918 novel. For the 1942 film adaptation see The Magnificent Ambersons (film)The Magnificent Ambersons is a 1918 novel by Booth Tarkington which won the 1919 Pulitzer Prize for the novel. It was the second novel in his Growth trilogy which included The Turmoil (1915) and The Midlander (1923 retitled National Avenue in 1927). In 1925 the novel was first adapted for film under the title Pampered Youth.
 Washington Crossing the Delaware is a sonnet that was written in 1936 by David Shulman. The title and subject of the poem refer to the scene in the painting Washington Crossing the Delaware by Emanuel Gottlieb Leutze. The poem is noted for being an anagrammatic poem – in this case a 14-line rhyming sonnet in which every line is an anagram of the title.
 The Politico is an American political journalism organization based in Arlington County Virginia that distributes its content via television the Internet newspaper and radio. Its coverage of Washington D.C. includes the U.S. Congress lobbying media and the Presidency.
 Durkheimian Studies/Etudes Durkheimiennes is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books on behalf of the British Centre for Durkheimian Studies. It covers research on all aspects of the work of Émile Durkheim and his group and with the contemporary development and application of their ideas to issues in the social sciences religion and philosophy.
 Tokyo Ravens (東京レイヴンズ Tōkyō Reivunzu) is a Japanese light novel series written by Kōhei Azano and illustrated by Sumihei. It was adapted into a manga series in 2010 an anime series on October 8 2013. Funimation is simulcasting the series on their website.
 Inside Golf is an Australian-based golf publication covering golf news stories events and features for golf across Australia.
 The Manzai Comics (also known as The Comedy Team) is a manga series written by Atsuko Asano and illustrated by Hizuru Imai. In Japan it is published by Jive. In the United States it is published by Aurora Publishing.Takashi Akimoto (秋本 貴史 Akimoto Takashi) a confident and forceful student cajoles Ayumu Seta (瀬田 歩 Seta Ayumu) a misfit into forming a comedy duo.
 Those Who Walk in Darkness is a novel by John Ridley published in May 2003. It details the life of a member of an elite police task force in Los Angeles that hunts down superhumans known as metanormals. It was followed in 2006 by a sequel What Fire Cannot Burn.
 Undead and Unwed is a paranormal romance novel by MaryJanice Davidson. It is the first adventure of Elizabeth Anne Betsy Taylor in the Undead series after her transformation into a vampire.
 The Suicide King is an original novel by Robert Joseph Levy. It is based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The first in the line of Buffy Stake your Own Destiny books Suicide King gives the reader a large series of choices. Once a choice is made the page number to turn to is given. The result is that the reader might decide the fate of the characters.
 Kyle XY: Nowhere to Hide is an original novel based on the hit ABC Family series Kyle XY. As a tie-in to the television series the novel uses many of the same themes present in Kyle XY's first season as well as building on the 'Kyle Trager true identity' plot-line. The novel is set during Halloween of the show's first season specifically 21 days into Kyle's tenure at high school.
 Second Variety is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1991 and reprints Volume III of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick with the addition of the story Second Variety.
 The Worst Hard Time: The Untold Story of Those Who Survived the Great American Dust Bowl is an American history book written by New York Times journalist Timothy Egan and published by Houghton Mifflin in 2006.
 Great Science-Fiction was a science fiction short story anthology edited by Tony Licata published in 1965.
 The Moon of Much Gladness is a fantasy novel by Ernest Bramah perhaps told by Kai Lung Bramah's fictional itinerant story-teller of ancient China. It was first published in hardcover in London by Cassell and Company Ltd. in May 1932 and was reprinted in 1934.
 The Cupboard Under the Stairs is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author George Turner. This novel shared the award with The Well Dressed Explorer by Thea Astley.The novel tells the story of Harry White who attempts to rebuild his life after spending six years in a mental institution.
 Sakuran (さくらん lit. Derangement) is a manga series created by Moyoco Anno. The manga is about a girl Kiyoha (though she goes through different names while growing up the hierarchy) who becomes a tayu or oiran courtesan.North American publisher Vertical Inc released it in English in July 2012.
 The News Leader is a daily newspaper owned by Gannett Company serving Staunton Virginia and the surrounding areas. The paper was founded in 1904 by Brig. Gen. Hierome L. Opie as The Evening Leader.While it traces its founding to Opie in 1904 the paper had a predecessor The Daily News that was founded in 1890. Opie worked as a reporter for The Daily News which was a morning paper before starting The Evening Leader.
 Mozaffari (Persian: مظفری‎) is an Iranian newspaper in Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Mirza Aliagha Shirazi and it was published in Bushire since 1901.
 For the film based on the novel see Child of God (film)Child of God is the third novel by American author Cormac McCarthy and was published in 1973. It depicts the life of a violent young outcast in 1960s Tennessee.Though the novel received critical praise it was not a financial success. Like its predecessor Outer Dark Child of God established McCarthy's interest in using extreme isolation perversity and violence to represent normal human experience.
 Ruse is comic book concerning detectives Simon Archard and Emma Bishop that was originally published by CrossGen and was revived in 2011 by Marvel Comics as part of its acquisition of CrossGen titles.
 The Calgary Sun is a daily newspaper published in Calgary Alberta Canada. It is a division of Sun Media a Quebecor company.First published in 1980 the tabloid-format daily replaced the long-running broadsheet newspaper The Albertan soon after it was acquired by the publishers of the Toronto Sun.The newspaper like most of those in the Canadian Sun chain are known for short snappy news stories aimed primarily at working class readers.
 American Art is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of past and present American visual art. The interdisciplinary journal has the fine arts as its primary focus but all aspects of American visual culture are covered including popular culture public art film electronic multimedia and decorative arts and crafts using any method of investigation from traditional formalism to analyses of social context.
 My Career is a national bi-annual comprehensive magazine for Canadian university and college students.
 The International Communication Gazette is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers eight times a year in the field of communication studies. The editor-in-chief is Cees J. Hamelink (University of Amsterdam). It was established in 1955 and is published by Sage Publications.
 The Unwritten Girl is a young adult book written by Canadian author James Bow. It was published by Boardwalk Books an imprint of the Dundurn Group in 2006 and received modest attention as the debut novel of an author from a respected medium-sized Canadian press.The novel concerns Rosemary Watson. a girl who lives in the fictional town of Clarksbury. She has endured a lot of teasing throughout her school years ever since her brother Theo suffered from a nervous breakdown.
 Black Rednecks and White Liberals is a collection of six essays by Thomas Sowell. The collection published in 2005 explores various aspects of race and culture both in the United States and abroad.
 The Sunday People is a British tabloid Sunday newspaper founded as The People on 16 October 1881.It is published by the Trinity Mirror Group. In July 2011 it had an average daily circulation of 806544. In January 2014 it had a circulation of 374820
 Philadelphia Weekly (PW) is an alternative newspaper in Philadelphia Pennsylvania published every Wednesday.The paper was founded in 1971 as The Welcomat a sister publication to the South Philadelphia Press. In 1995 the paper became Philadelphia Weekly. The paper features stories on local and national politics as well extensive coverage of the arts - music film theater and the visual arts.
 The Grand Design is a popular-science book written by physicists Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinow and published by Bantam Books in 2010. It argues that invoking God is not necessary to explain the origins of the universe and that the Big Bang is a consequence of the laws of physics alone.
 The Fires of Merlin is a 1998 fantasy novel by T. A. Barron published by Penguin. It is the third of The Lost Years of Merlin a five-book series providing a childhood story for the legendary Merlin wizard of Arthurian legend.Wings of Fire the once-sleeping dragon now threatens Fincayra with his raging fury.
 The Antipope is a comic fantasy novel by the British author Robert Rankin. It is Rankin's first novel and the first book in the Brentford Trilogy (which as of July 2010 consists of 9 novels). The book was first published in 1981 by Pan Books and from 1991 by Corgi books an imprint of Transworld Publishers.
 The Devil Does Exist (悪魔で候 Akuma de Sōrō) is a shōjo romance manga based on school life written by Mitsuba Takanashi it consists of 11 volumes.[citation needed]
 The Hallo-Wiener is a children's book by Dav Pilkey. The story's main character is Oscar the Dachshund named after Oscar Mayer. It was published in 1995.
 How I Became a Hindu is an autobiography by Sita Ram Goel which he published in 1982 and enlarged in 1993 under his Voice of India imprint.Goel writes that he had strong Marxist leanings as a student. He read Karl Marx's The Communist Manifesto and almost joined the Communist Party. In these years he came to the conclusion that while Marx stood for a harmonised social system Sri Aurobindo held the key to a harmonised human personality.
 Logan is a three-issue comic book mini-series starring Wolverine and published under the Marvel Knights imprint of Marvel Comics. The series was written by Brian K. Vaughan penciled and inked by Eduardo Risso and colored by Dean White.
 My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy is an autobiography written by Nancy Cartwright. First published in September 2000 by Hyperion it details Cartwright's career particularly her experiences as the voice of Bart Simpson on The Simpsons and contains insights on the show diary entries and anecdotes about her encounters with various guest stars.Critics commented that the book seemed to be aimed at fans of The Simpsons rather than a more general audience.
 The Beaver is the weekly newspaper of the London School of Economics Students' Union at the LSE.Despite being published by the Students' Union The Beaver is independent in its reporting. 2000 copies are published and distributed free of charge every Tuesday during term time. The Beaver is governed by the Collective a body of students who have contributed three or more written pieces or photographs to the paper and elects the editorial staff.
 Journal of Visual Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers three times a year in the field of visual arts. The journal's Editor-in-Chief is Marquard Smith (University of Westminster) and its Principal Editors are Raiford Guins (Stony Brook University) and Joanne Morra (University of the Arts London). It has been in publication since 2002 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Journal of Social Issues is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues along with Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy and Social Issues and Policy Review. The journal was established in 1945. The current editor-in-chief is Sheri R. Levy (Stony Brook University). The journal covers human and social issues such as poverty privacy youth violence social class and education.
 Love My Life (ラブ・マイ・ライフ Rabu mai raifu) is a 2001 Japanese josei manga by Ebine Yamaji and a 2006 live-action film directed by Kōji Kawano based on the manga itself.Love My Life was originally serialized in the josei magazine Feel Young and collected in a single tankōbon volume released in September 2001. The single volume has been translated into Mandarin and released by Taiwan Kadokawa and is available internationally on several Asian online shops like YesAsia.
 Clarín was a Chilean newspaper published between 1954 and 1973 when it was closed following the coup d'état on 11 September. A new edition was published forty years later on 11 September 2013 in collaboration with El Ciudadano. Clarín's slogan was Firme junto al pueblo ([Staying] strong with the people).
 The Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society (print-ISSN 0103-5053 eISSN 1678-4790 CODEN JOCSET) is a Brazilian scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1990 and is published by the Brazilian Society of Chemistry (Sociedade Brasileira de Química) located at the Instituto de Química da Universidade de São Paulo (USP).
 Infinity's Shore is the second novel in the Uplift Storm series by David Brin. The plot follows the adventures of the Jijoan exiles although the crew of Streaker are minor characters.
 Royal Robbins (born February 3 1935) is one of the pioneers of American rock climbing. After learning to climb at Tahquitz he went on to make first ascents of many big wall routes in Yosemite. As an early proponent of boltless pitonless clean climbing he along with Yvon Chouinard was instrumental in changing the climbing culture of the late 1960s and early 1970s by encouraging the use and preservation of the natural features of the rock.
 Travel Trade Gazette (UK & Ireland edition) is a weekly newspaper for the travel industry.TTG as it is widely known was launched in 1953 by Leslie Stone and Ted Kirkham and is the world's oldest travel trade newspaper. It features news destination reports and careers advice for the travel and tourism industries.
 Crabgrass Frontier: The Suburbanization of the United States is a book written by historian Kenneth T. Jackson. Published in 1985 it analyzes the development of American suburbs from their origins in the early 19th century. Jackson examines how a high quality of life in America came to be equated with home ownership in low density residential neighborhoods segregated from the urban workplace.
 The Camrose Canadian is a local news publication for the Camrose Alberta area. Founded in 1908 the paper is now one of many Alberta publications owned by Sun Media a Quebecor company.
 Pharmacological Reviews is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing review articles on all aspects of pharmacology and related topics. It is published by the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. The editor-in-chief is David R.
 Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch is a 1901 novel by Alice Hegan Rice telling of a southern family's humorously coping with poverty. The book was highly popular on its release and has been adapted to film several times.
 Area 88 (エリア88 Eria Hachi-Jū-Hachi) is a Japanese manga series by Kaoru Shintani serialized between 1979 and 1986. The story is about a young pilot named Shin Kazama and his experiences at Area 88 a mercenary air force base secluded in the desert of a war torn country.
 Molecular Neurobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of molecular neuroscience. It was established in 1987 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Nicolas G. Bazan (LSU Health Sciences Center New Orleans).
 A Forest Hymn is an 1824 poem written by William Cullen Bryant which has been called one of Bryant's best poems and one of the best nature poems of that age. It first appeared in The United States Literary Gazette and was published in Boston alongside several other poems written by Bryant.
 The Costs of Accidents: A Legal and Economic Analysis (1970) by Guido Calabresi is a work in the law and economics tradition because it provides an economic efficiency analysis of the rules of tort law.
 Style at Home is a monthly Canadian home decor and lifestyle magazine which publishes articles about interior design home decorating projects outdoor living and entertaining.The magazine was established in 1996 by Telemedia and was acquired by Transcontinental Media in 2000.The current editor-in-chief is Erin McLaughlin.The magazine’s web site was launched in September 2003. The current senior editor is Natalie Bahadur and the web editor is Lauren McPhillips.
 fDi Magazine is an English-language bi-monthly news and foreign direct investment publication providing an up-to-date review of global investment activity. The A4 glossy pages reach a circulation of 14 969 ABC audited active corporate and crossborder investment pofessionals across the world.fDi Magazine is a central part of the fDi Intelligence portfolio of investment products and services from the Financial Times.
 The Bennington Banner is an award-winning daily newspaper published in Bennington Vermont. Established in 1841 the paper covers local national and world news. The Bennington Banner sells 7800 papers daily with a penetration of 65% in Bennington. It is distributed throughout Southwestern Vermont and eastern New York (Rensselaer and Washington Counties).
 The Star is an American daily newspaper published in Auburn Indiana. It is owned by KPC Media Group.It covers the city of Auburn and all of DeKalb County in northeastern Indiana.
 Glamour is a women's magazine published by Condé Nast Publications. Founded in 1939 in the United States it was originally called Glamour of Hollywood.Local editions are now published in numerous countries including the United Kingdom United States France Italy Germany Spain Russia Greece Poland South Africa Brazil Hungary Romania Bulgaria Netherlands Mexico. In most cases it is a monthly publication.
 Inger is a novel by Estonian author Mats Traat. It was first published in 1975.
 To Sail Beyond the Sunset is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein published in 1987. It was the last novel published before he died in 1988.The title is taken from the poem Ulysses by Alfred Lord Tennyson.
 Captain Britain and MI13 is an American comic book series from Marvel Comics written by Paul Cornell with art by Leonard Kirk. The series centers on the fictional British government agency MI: 13 which is dedicated to protecting the United Kingdom from supernatural threats. The main strikeforce is led by the superhero Captain Britain (Brian Braddock) and consists of various Marvel Comics characters that are of British descent or have a connection to the country.
 End Games is a novel by Michael Dibdin. It is the 11th entry in the Aurelio Zen series and also given Dibdin's death in 2007 the last.
 Fuck You: A Magazine of the Arts was a literary magazine founded in 1962 by the poet Ed Sanders on the Lower East Side of New York City. Sanders later co-founded the musical group The Fugs. Sanders produced thirteen issues of Fuck You: A Magazine of the Arts from 1962 to 1965.The credo for the magazine originated by Sanders was I'll print anything. Fuck You: A Magazine of the Arts was produced on a mimeograph machine and printed on multi-colored construction paper.
 Everyone is a morality play that was collaboratively written by members of six theatre companies in Vancouver British Columbia Canada: The Electric Company Neworld Theatre November Theatre Pound of Flesh Theatre Theatre Melee and Theatre Replacement. These companies wrote one scene each for the play. Stephen Drover was one of the several playwrights involved.
 White Noise is the eighth novel by Don DeLillo published by Viking Press in 1985. It won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.White Noise is an example of postmodern literature. It is widely considered DeLillo's breakout work and brought him to the attention of a much larger audience. Time included the novel in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005.DeLillo originally wanted to call the book Panasonic but the Panasonic Corporation objected.
 Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry is a scientific journal focusing on the results of research on the molecular structure of biological organisms and the interaction of biological targets with chemical agents. It is published by Elsevier which also publishes the related journal Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry Letters.
 A Boy’s Own Story is a 1982 semi-autobiographical novel by Edmund White.
 Songbook (published in the United Kingdom as 31 Songs) is a 2002 collection of 26 essays by English writer Nick Hornby about songs and (more often) the particular emotional resonance they carry for him. In the UK Sony released a stand-alone CD A Selection of Music from 31 Songs featuring 18 songs. The hardcover edition of Songbook published in the US by McSweeney's and illustrated by Marcel Dzama includes a CD with 11 of the songs featured in the book.
 More Money Than God: Hedge Funds and the Making of a New Elite (2010) is a financial book by Sebastian Mallaby published by Penguin Press. It is a history of the hedge fund industry in the United States looking at the people institutions investment tools and concepts of hedge funds. It claims to be the first authoritative history of the hedge fund industry. It is written for a general audience and originally published by Penguin Press.
 Fates Worse than Death subtitled An Autobiographical Collage of the 1980's is a 1991 collection of essays speeches and other previously uncollected writings by author Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. In the introduction to the book Vonnegut acknowledges that the book is similar to an earlier book Palm Sunday.
 GetBackers (ゲットバッカーズ -奪還屋- Gettobakkāzu Dakkan'ya lit. GetBackers: Recovery Service) is a manga series written by Yuya Aoki and illustrated by Rando Ayamine. The series was serialized and is published by Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1999 until 2007 totaling 39 volumes. The plot follows the GetBackers a group that retrieves anything that was lost.
 Wyvernhail is the fifth book in the Kiesha'ra Series by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes. The preceding four books in order are: Hawksong Snakecharm Falcondance and Wolfcry. It is told from the point of view of Hai the gyrfalcon cobra mix who is struggling to find a way out of Ecl or the darkness.It was released on September 11 2007.
 Hidamari Sketch (ひだまりスケッチ Hidamari Sukecchi) is a Japanese four-panel comic strip by Ume Aoki which revolves around the daily lives of a group of young girls all living in the same apartment where artists gather. It was first serialized in the seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Carat in April 2004 published by Houbunsha.
 The Shoulder of Shasta is a romance novel by Bram Stoker written in 1895. It was published two years before the release of Stoker's Dracula.
 Kimi ni Todoke: From Me to You (君に届け lit. Reaching You) is a romance shōjo manga by Karuho Shiina. It has been published by Shueisha in Bessatsu Margaret since 2005 and collected in 18 tankōbon volumes as of January 2013. In 2008 it won the Best Shōjo Manga award in the 32nd Annual Kodansha Manga Award. The series was also nominated for the first Manga Taisho awards in 2008. Two anime adaptations of Kimi ni Todoke were aired in Japan produced by Production I.G.
 For the Strength of Youth is a pamphlet distributed by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) that summarizes standards from scripture and from the writings and teachings of Church leaders. The pamphlet's target audience is young men and young women of the LDS Church although its principles are applicable to all age groups and non-church-members alike. It is available on the Internet and in print form.
 Wolverine: Weapon X is a 2009 comic book series published by Marvel Comics starring the superhero Wolverine. The series is written by Jason Aaron writing his first ongoing series starring Wolverine after writing several one-shot and limited series featuring the Marvel mainstay character. This series only lasted sixteen issues.
 The Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society is a scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society.The official organ of the society it is devoted to editorials topical reports to members articles professional and membership news conference announcements programs and summaries book reviews and society activities.
 Structural Equation Modeling is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing methodological and applied papers on structural equation modeling a blend of multivariate statistical methods from factor analysis to systems of regression equations with applications across a broad spectrum of social sciences as well as biology. One of the founders and the current editor-in-chief of the journal is George Marcoulides (University of California Riverside).
 The Telegraph & Argus is the local daily newspaper for Bradford West Yorkshire England. Printed early morning (it used to be an evening paper) on its own presses in Bradford it is published six times each week from Monday to Saturday inclusive. Locally the paper is known as the T&A. It also breaks news 24/7 on its website.
 A Girl from Lübeck is a 1962 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Good Morning Holy Spirit is a best-selling book by Benny Hinn on the person of the Holy Spirit.
 Appearance and Reality is an 1893 book by the English philosopher Francis Herbert Bradley the main statement of his metaphysics.
 Historical Research is a scholarly journal published by the Institute of Historical Research at the University of London. It was first published in 1923 under the title Bulletin of the Institute of Historical Research. Beginning with Vol. 60 no. 141 (Feb. 1987) the journal appeared under its present name Historical Research.
 Search and Destroy is a spy novel written by Tom Clancy with Peter Telep. It was scheduled for release on July 5 2012 but the release was cancelled. After Clancy's death on October 1 2013 it has not been stated if the novel would get a posthumous release at some point.
 Recusant History: A Journal of Research in Post-Reformation Catholic History in the British Isles is an academic journal dedicated to the study of Catholic history in England and Wales since 1535 currently published twice yearly by the Catholic Record Society. The journal was founded in 1951 under the title Biographical Studies of English Catholics under the editorship of the librarians and bibliographers A. F. Allison (British Library) and D. M. Rogers (Bodleian Library).
 Doctor Omega is a fictional character created by French writer Arnould Galopin for his science fiction novel Le Docteur Oméga (1906) visibly inspired by H. G. Wells' novels The War of the Worlds and The First Men in the Moon.The illustrations of Doctor Omega in the original publication bear a great resemblance to the first incarnation of the Doctor[citation needed] as portrayed by William Hartnell in the long-running BBC science-fiction series Doctor Who.
 The Last Castle is a science fiction novella by Jack Vance. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novelette in 1967 and the Nebula Award for Best Novella in 1966.
 The Great Perhaps is the fifth novel by Joe Meno. It was a winner of the Great Lakes Book Award for Fiction in 2009 and a New York Times Book Review Editor's Choice.
 The Gods of Mars is a 1918 Edgar Rice Burroughs science fantasy novel the second of his famous Barsoom series. It was first published in All-Story as a five-part serial in the issues for January–May 1913. It was later published as a complete novel by A. C. McClurg in September 1918.As in many of his novels Burroughs begins with a frame story that explains how he (Burroughs) came into possession of the text implying it recounts true events.
 Post Newspapers comprises the four editions of a community newspaper covering a group of western suburbs in Perth Western Australia.The Post Newspapers group was established as the Subiaco Post by reporter Bret Christian and his wife Bettye in September 1977 at a house in Churchill Avenue Subiaco. The first edition was published in September 1977. The paper moved to a former wine saloon in Keightley Road Subiaco in 1979 and moved again to Onslow Road in Shenton Park in 2006.
 The Theory of Everything: The Origin and Fate of the Universe is an unauthorized 2002 book of some collected works by Stephen Hawking. It was assembled from seven lectures on audiotape by Hawking originally released in 1994 under the title Stephen W. Hawking's Life Works: The Cambridge Lectures.
 The Cave Girl is an Edgar Rice Burroughs lost world novel. Originally two stories The Cave Girl begun in February 1913 and published by All-Story in July August and September 1913; and The Cave Man begun in 1914 and published by All-Story Weekly throughout March and April 1917. The book version was first published by A. C. McClurg on 1925-03-21.
 The Irish Famine is a book written by Diarmaid Ferriter and Colm Tóibín. The book is in two volumes the first of which was written and originally published by Tóibín in 1999. The second volume written by Ferriter is entitled The Capricious Growth of a Single Root and was added in 2001.
 The Eternity Artifact is a science fiction novel written by L. E. Modesitt Jr. and published in 2005. It is set in a future approximately 3000 years hence in a galaxy largely colonized by humans but divided into disparate polities who strive against each other in a manner similar to that of modern day nations. Once such group the Comity discovers a planet that may be the first evidence of nonhuman intelligent life.
 Gideon's Day is the first in a series of police procedural novels by John Creasey writing as J.J. Marric. Published in 1955 it features a day in the professional life of Detective Superintendent George Gideon of the C.I.D. Scotland Yard. In later books in the series Gideon has been promoted to the rank of C.I.D. Commander.
 The Unknown Five is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by D. R. Bensen and illustrated by Edd Cartier the fourth of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine Unknown of the 1930s-40s. It was first published in paperback by Pyramid Books in January 1964. The cover title of this first edition was The Unknown 5; the numeral was spelled out on the title page and copyright statement. The book was reprinted by Jove/HBJ in October 1978.
 Annals of the Former World is a book on geology written by John McPhee and published in 1998 by Farrar Straus and Giroux. It won the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.The book presents a geological history of North America and was researched and written over the course of two decades beginning in 1978.
 The School of Night is a play by Peter Whelan. It was first performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company at The Other Place Stratford-upon-Avon on the 4th November 1992. The play takes place between the Summer of 1592 and Spring 1593.
 Goldfinger is the seventh novel in Ian Fleming's James Bond series first published in the UK by Jonathan Cape on 23 March 1959. Goldfinger originally bore the title The Richest Man in the World and was written in January and February 1958. The story centres on the investigation by MI6 operative James Bond into the gold smuggling activities of Auric Goldfinger who is also suspected by MI6 of being connected to SMERSH the Soviet counter-intelligence organisation.
 The Blizzard is a quarterly football magazine edited by Jonathan Wilson published in both download and hard copy formats by Blizzard Media. The magazine is sold on a pay-what-you-like basis with each issue available from as little as 1p in a range of download formats and from £6 (+P&P) for a hard copy.
 Sniff Petrol is an online motoring satire magazine first published in 2001. Sniff Petrol was originally published bi-weekly but due to other commitments this was reduced first to a monthly schedule and now to a blog format updated on an ad hoc basis. It receives over 3000 hits a day.Sniff Petrol's articles comment on motoring and motorsport (especially Formula One) events both real and fictional by parodying the styles of presentation and language used in various motoring fields.
 Bleed Into Me is a novel by Stephen Graham Jones and is part of Native Storiers: A series of American Narratives.
 The Winners (Spanish: Los premios) is a novel by Julio Cortázar published in 1960. It was his first published novel (though not the first novel he wrote) and was also the first of his books to be published in English in its entirety.
 The Six Sacred Stones is a novel by Australian thriller author Matthew Reilly. It is a sequel to Seven Ancient Wonders (released as Seven Deadly Wonders in the United States of America) and The Five Greatest Warriors is its sequel. The novel was released on 23 October 2007 in most bookstores in Australia (though some stores released it later on 1 November) and was released in January 2008 in the US and UK.
 Lahore - A sentimental Journey is Pran Nevile's first book in which he recollects his pre-partition days in Lahore.[1] Lahore - A sentimental Journey is Pran Nevile's first book in which he recollects his pre-partition days in Lahore. Lahore a sentimental journey is the Novel by an Indian author Pran Nevile. Published in 1993 by Penguin Book India. The author takes us back in the 1930s and 40s right into the heart of Lahore; Pakistan.
 My Lady of Hy-Brasil and Other Stories is a collection of horror short stories by Peter Tremayne. It was first published in 1987 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 800 copies all of which were numbered and signed by the author and the artist. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Kadath Eldritch Tales Fantasy Tales Fantasy Macabre and Weirdbook.
 From Nine to Nine or Between Nine and Nine (German title: Zwischen neun und neun; original title: Freiheit) is a novel by Leo Perutz first published in 1918. It is about a turbulent day in the life of an impoverished student in Imperial Vienna.
 The Gates of Thorbardin is one of the three novels in the Heroes II trilogy of the Dragonlance novels. It was written in 1990 by Dan Parkinson.
 Retro Gamer is a British magazine published worldwide covering retro video games. It was the first commercial magazine to be devoted entirely to the subject. Although launched in January 2004 as a quarterly publication Retro Gamer soon became a monthly. In 2005 a general decline in gaming and computer magazine readership led to the closure of its publishers Live Publishing although the rights to the magazine were later purchased by Imagine Publishing.
 The Manila Times is the oldest existing English language newspaper in the Philippines. It is published daily by The Manila Times Publishing Corp. with editorial and administrative offices at 371 A. Bonifacio Drive Port Area Manila. It was founded on October 11 1898 shortly after news that the Treaty of Paris would be signed ending the Spanish-American War and transferring the Philippines from Spanish to American sovereignty.
 Bhutan Today published in Thimphu is the fourth English language newspaper published in Bhutan. It was launched in October 2008.
 Land Values was the monthly newspaper precursor of the contemporary magazine Land&Liberty.
 AXM was a British lifestyle digital magazine aimed at young gay and bisexual men.The magazine ceased publication of printed magazines after December 2008 due to financial downturn. It was subsequently converted to an online-only format but only one edition was ever produced.Its content was heavily based on fashion- sex- and health-related features.
 The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna translated by Swami Nikhilananda is an English translation of the Bengali religious text Sri Sri Rāmakrishna Kathāmrita. The text records conversations of Ramakrishna with his disciples devotees and visitors recorded by Mahendranath Gupta who wrote the book under the pseudonym of M. The first edition was published in 1942.Swami Nikhilananda worked with Margaret Woodrow Wilson daughter of President Woodrow Wilson.
 Three Strong Women (French: Trois Femmes puissantes) is a 2009 novel by the French writer Marie NDiaye. It received the Prix Goncourt. The English translation by John Fletcher was published in April 2012 in the UK by MacLehose Press and in August 2012 by Knopf in the USA. According to the description by Maya Jaggi in The Guardian: Moving mainly between France and Senegal this novel explores survival inheritance and the feared repetition of history – within families as between peoples.
 The Dig is a novel by John Preston published May 2007 set in the context of the 1939 Anglo-Saxon ship burial excavation at Sutton Hoo Suffolk England. The novel has been widely reviewed as ‘an account of the excavation at Sutton Hoo in 1939’.
 The Sisters Rosensweig is a play by Wendy Wasserstein. The play focuses on three Jewish-American sisters and their lives. It broke theatrical ground by concentrating on a non-traditional cast of three middle-aged women. Wasserstein received the William Inge Award for Distinguished Achievement in American Theatre for this play.
 Nerve is the second novel by British mystery novelist Dick Francis published in 1964.
 Hornblower and the Crisis is a 1967 historical novel by C. S. Forester. It forms part of the Horatio Hornblower series and as a result of C.S. Forester's death in 1966 it was left unfinished. There is a one-page summary of the last several chapters of the book found on the final page taken from notes left behind from the author. It was the eleventh and last book of the series to be published but it is fourth in chronological sequence.
 Bye-Bye is the first novel by Jane Ransom for which she won the 1996 New York University Press Prize for Fiction. It was published by the New York University Press.
 Sex Sin and Blasphemy: A Guide to America's Censorship Wars is a non-fiction book by lawyer and civil libertarian Marjorie Heins about freedom of speech and the censorship in the early 1990s by the U.S. government of works of art. The book was published in 1993 by The New Press. Heins provides an overview of the history of censorship including the 1873 Comstock laws before moving on to more topical case studies of attempts at suppression of free expression.
 Tactics (タクティクス Takutikusu) is a Japanese manga series written as a collaboration between Sakura Kinoshita and Kazuko Higashiyama. It was serialized in Comic Blade Masamune.
 The Insider: The Private Diaries of a Scandalous Decade is a book written in diary form by Piers Morgan documenting his time as editor of the News of the World and Daily Mirror. It was serialised by the Daily Mail.Although the book is presented in diary form many reviewers expressed scepticism that the diaries were actually composed during Morgan's tenure as a tabloid editor.
 VS (VS バーサス VS Bāsasu aka. Versus) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Keiko Yamada. It was serialized in Akita Shoten's shōjo magazine (aimed at teenage girls) Princess Comics. The individual chapters were released in 7 tankōbon volumes between June 1999 and December 24 2001. The series is licensed in North America by CMX which released the manga's 7 tankōbon volumes between April 1 2006 and October 10 2007.
 IEEE Transactions on Microwave Theory and Techniques is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering microwave theory techniques and applications at various primary intermediate and completed integration levels of a structured microwave system. It is published by the IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society and the editor-in-chief is George E. Ponchak (NASA Glenn Research Center).
 Red Blades of Black Cathay is a collection of Fantasy short stories by Robert E. Howard and Tevis Clyde Smith. It was first published in 1971 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1091 copies. The title story originally appeared in the magazine Oriental Stories.
 Bob Son of Battle is a children's classic written by English author Alfred Ollivant. It was published in 1898 and went on to become a popular children's book both in the United Kingdom and the United States even though most of the dialogue in the book was written in the Cumbrian dialect.
 The Discovery of America by the Turks (Portuguese: A Descoberta da América pelos Turcos) is a Brazilian Modernist novel. It was written by Jorge Amado in 1994.
 Ugly Americans: The True Story of the Ivy League Cowboys Who Raided the Asian Markets for Millions is a book by Ben Mezrich that recounts the exploits of an American called John Malcolm (a pseudonym) arbitraging index futures in Japan in the 1990s. The book was released on May 4 2004 by William Morrow and Company.Trigger Street Productions has the film rights to the book.
 The Journal of Antibiotics is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Nature Publishing Group for the Japan Antibiotics Research Association
 Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television is a 1993 anthology published by Grove Press as a tie-in to the Showtime television series Fallen Angels that appeared in the fall of 1993.The book contains six stories by six masters of hard-boiled noir and the teleplays for their film adaptations.The hard-boiled stories were written by: Raymond Chandler Jim Thompson William Campbell Gault Cornell Woolrich Jonathan Craig and James Ellroy.Preface: by James Ellroy.
 Les Bravades is a 68-page picture book by Orson Welles written and drawn in 1956 and published posthumously in 1996. The title is the publisher's; the original manuscript carries the title A portfolio of pictures made for Rebecca Welles by her father Christmas 1956.
 From Wimbledon to Waco is a 1995 travelogue book written by Nigel Williams describing his family's first visit to the United States.
 Tähdet ja avaruus is a Finnish science magazine which publishes recent developments news and interviews in astronomy space technology cosmology and amateur astronomy. It is the largest circulation astronomy magazine in Scandinavia. Tähdet ja avaruus is a member magazine of the Ursa Astronomical Association and it can also be subscribed without a membership.
 Divine Right's Trip is a 1972 novel by Gurney Norman.
 Social Science Computer Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the use of computers in the field of social science including artificial intelligence computer simulation and electronic modelling. The editors-in-chief are G. Garson (North Carolina State University) and Ronald Anderson (University of Minnesota). It was established in 1983 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Social Science Computing Association.
 The Strange Death of Vincent Foster: An Investigation is a book written by journalist Christopher W. Ruddy. Ruddy first wrote about the Foster story while reporting for The New York Post and the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review owned by the millionaire Richard Scaife. The book is about a conspiracy theory tying Bill and Hillary Clinton to the alleged murder of Vincent Foster. There were three separate official investigations of Foster's death which each concluded that he committed suicide.
 Hitman: The Untold Story of Johnny Martorano is a book about Johnny Martorano a former hitman for the Winter Hill Gang in Boston Massachusetts who murdered 20 people for the winter hill gang.
 Alexander Senki (アレクサンダー戦記 Arekusandā Senki) known in English as Reign: The Conqueror is a Japanese anime first released in 1999. A re-imagination of the life of Alexander the Great based on the novel of the same name by Hiroshi Aramata the series was produced by international crew that drew from the resources of the worldwide animation community. Character and setting design for the show was conceived by Peter Chung the Korean-American animator who created Aeon Flux.
 Fresh Off the Boat: A Memoir is an autobiography by American food personality Eddie Huang. It was published in 2013 by Spiegel & Grau an imprint of Random House. The book relates Huang's early life and rise in the food celebrity scene in New York and his relationship with his Asian background.
 Dynasty of Death was the debut novel of the Anglo-American writer Taylor Caldwell (1900–1985). When Caldwell submitted the manuscript to Maxwell Perkins in 1937 she was an unknown housewife from Buffalo New York.
 Letters Home is a collection of letters written by Sylvia Plath to her family between her years at college in 1950 and her death at age 30. Sylvia's mother Aurelia Schober Plath edited the letters and agreed to have the collection published by Harper & Row in 1975.Letters Home contains an introduction by Aurelia Plath who adds bits of commentary and context throughout.
 Genre magazine (ISSN 1074-5246) was a New York city-based monthly periodical from 1991 to 2009 written for gay men. It was owned by gay press publisher Window Media.
 This is an article about a book. For the non-confrontational method of handling conflict see avoidance (conflict).Avoidance is a 2002 novel by Michael Lowenthal. It was nominated for a Lambda Literary Award in 2003.Avoidance explores the topics of child sexual abuse hebephilia and pederasty. It is also about social conventions and mores and ways in which they depend on environment and upbringing.
 Foundations of Physics is a monthly journal devoted to the conceptual bases and fundamental theories of modern physics and cosmology emphasizing the logical methodological and philosophical premises of modern physical theories and procedures.
 Østlands-Posten is a local newspaper published in Larvik Norway. It covers Larvik and Lardal. It was established in 1881.It has a circulation of 14284 of whom 13888 are subscribers.1896-1995 Østlands-Posten was owned by the Næss family. It is now published by the company A-pressen Lokale Medier AS which in turn is owned 100% by A-pressen.
 The Continent Makers is a science fiction novella written by L. Sprague de Camp a story in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It was first published in the magazine Thrilling Wonder Stories in the issue for April 1951. It first appeared in book form in the collection The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens published in hardcover by Twayne Publishers in 1953 and in paperback by Signet Books in 1971. It has also been translated into Portuguese Dutch and Italian.
 The Crisis is the official magazine of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and was founded in 1910 by W. E. B. Du Bois (editor) Oswald Garrison Villard J. Max Barber Charles Edward Russell Kelly Miller W.S. Braithwaite M. D. Maclean. The magazine continues to be published more than a century later.
 The Don Flows Home to the Sea (1940) is the second in the series of the great Don epic (Tikhii Don) written by Mikhail Sholokhov. It originally appeared in serialized form between 1928 and 1940. The English translation of the second half of this monumental work appeared under this title in 1940.The novel follows the fortunes of the Don Cossacks in peace and war revolution and civil war. The novel depicts the destruction of Cossack society during the Civil War.
 Meeting Joe Strummer is a two-handed play by Paul Hodson
 1945 is an alternate history written by Newt Gingrich and William R. Forstchen in 1995 describing the period immediately after World War II wherein the United States had fought only against Japan allowing Nazi Germany to force a truce with the Soviet Union after which the two victors confront each other in a cold war which swiftly turns hot.
 The Great Pyramid Robbery is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts which is the first novel in The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the prequel to The Babylon Game. This story is about a young hemutiu called Senu and his ghostly double Red. Senu is usually the class clown and uses his Ka for playing practical jokes on his family. When Senu and a group of his friends play a dare in the hemutiu tombs the dare goes horribly wrong when Senu and his Ka make contact with the Ka's of the dead.
 There is also a 1973 novel by Thomas Berger titled Regiment of Women.Regiment of Women is the debut novel of Winifred Ashton writing as Clemence Dane. First published in 1917 the novel has gained some notoriety due to its more or less veiled treatment of lesbian relationships inside and outside a school setting. It is said to have inspired Radclyffe Hall to write The Well of Loneliness.
 Clinical Breast Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal established in 2000 and published by Elsevier Inc. It publishes articles on all areas related to breast cancer. Specific areas of interest include clinical research and mechanistic approaches drug sensitivity and resistance gene and antisense therapy pathology markers and prognostic indicators chemoprevention strategies multimodality therapy and integration of various approaches.
 The Shrike is a play written by American dramatist Joseph Kramm. It debuted on Broadway at the Cort Theater on January 15 1952 with Jose Ferrer as the producer director and star.
 For the upcoming film adaptation see Fifty Shades of Grey (film)Fifty Shades of Grey is a 2011 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James. It is the first installment in the Fifty Shades trilogy that traces the deepening relationship between a college graduate Anastasia Steele and a young business magnate Christian Grey.
 Overcoming Life's Disappointments (ISBN 1-4000-3336-5) is a 2006 book by Harold Kushner a Conservative rabbi. Kushner addresses in the book the question of how to cope when disappointing things happen to you. He uses Biblical examples such as how Moses coped with being denied entrance to The Promised Land as well as secular examples such as how Abraham Lincoln coped with depression.
 Pluggers is a comic panel created by Jeff MacNelly in 1993 that relies on reader submissions (referred to as Pluggerisms) for the premise of each day's panel. Editorial cartoonist Gary Brookins took over in 1997 three years prior to MacNelly's death from lymphoma in 2000.It is syndicated by Tribune Media Services in 60 newspapers mostly in the Southern Mid-West Plains and Rocky Mountain states.
 The Bourne Supremacy is the second Jason Bourne novel written by Robert Ludlum first published in 1986. It is the sequel to Ludlum's bestseller The Bourne Identity (1980) and precedes Ludlum's final Bourne novel The Bourne Ultimatum (1990).The Bourne Supremacy was adapted into a film of the same name in 2004 starring Matt Damon although the film has a completely different plot from the novel.
 Taxation is an English-language weekly magazine for professional UK tax advisors. It is owned by LexisNexis part of Reed Elsevier. The magazine is edited in the LexisNexis Sutton office. The first issue was published on 1 October 1927 and it has been in continuous publication ever since. The masthead declares that the magazine has been 'since 1927 the leading authority on tax law practice and administration'. It is published on Thursdays.
 My Utmost for His Highest is a daily devotional by Oswald Chambers (1874-1917) that compiles his Christian preaching to students and soldiers. The book was first published in 1924 later undergoing a revision in the 1990s and has become a series of Christian devotional journals calendars and children's books. The title is taken from one of Chambers's sermons where he says Shut out every consideration and keep yourself before God for this one thing only- My Utmost for His Highest.
 The Holcad is the official student newspaper of Westminster College in New Wilmington Pennsylvania. It is published every Friday during the academic year except the Fridays immediately before or after breaks and during finals.The Holcad was started in 1884 32 years after the establishment of the college. It has been published every year since without interruption.It is printed by West Penn Printing in New Castle Pennsylvania under the advisement of The Herald of Sharon Pennsylvania.
 Exercises in Style (French: Exercices de style) written by Raymond Queneau is a collection of 99 retellings of the same story each in a different style. In each the narrator gets on the S bus (now no. 84) witnesses an altercation between a man (a zazou) with a long neck and funny hat and another passenger and then sees the same person two hours later at the Gare St-Lazare getting advice on adding a button to his overcoat.
 Some journeys – Goethe's was one – really are quests. Italian Journey is not only a description of places persons and things but also a psychological document of the first importance.Italian Journey (in the German original: Italienische Reise) is Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's report on his travels to Italy from 1786–88 published in 1816–17. The book is based on Goethe's diaries.
 Brestskiy Kurier (Russian: Брестский курьер translated as Brest Courier) is a weekly Belarussian newspaper founded in 1913 under the name Brest-Litovskiy Kurier and re-founded in 1990 as Brestskiy Kurier. The paper is distributed in Brest and Brest Region.
 The Shining Hour was a 1934 Broadway three act drama written by Keith Winter produced by Max Gordon and staged by Raymond Massey with scenic design created by Aubrey Hammond. It ran for 121 performances from February 13 1934 to May 1934 at the Booth Theatre. This was Gladys Cooper's Broadway debut. Raymond Massey and Adrianne Allen were a married couple at this time.
 The Gift of Speed is a 2004 novel by Australian author Steven Carroll. It is the second in a sequence of novels following The Art of the Engine Driver and followed by The Time We Have Taken.
 Weird Science was a science fiction anthology comic book that was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s. Over a four-year span the comic ran for 22 issues ending with the November–December 1953 issue. Weird Fantasy was a sister title published during the same time frame.Published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein the bi-monthly Weird Science replaced Saddle Romances with the May/June 1950 issue.
 Das Volk (pronounced [das fɔlk] The People) was a daily newspaper published from Berlin Germany. It was the central organ of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). The first issue of Das Volk was published on July 7 1945. Das Volk was the second working class-newspaper to emerge in Berlin after the Second World War. During its first twenty days of publishing Das Volk was printed in Berliner format (a relatively small format at the time).
 The Eyes of the Overworld is a fantasy fix-up by Jack Vance published by Ace in 1966 the second book in the Dying Earth series that Vance inaugurated in 1950. Retitled Cugel the Clever in its Vance Integral Edition (2005) the book features the self-proclaimed Cugel the Clever in linked stories.The components of the fix-up were five short works published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction from December 1965 to July 1966 and one original to the book.
 Yellow Face (2007) is a play by David Henry Hwang featuring the author himself as the protagonist. It premiered in Los Angeles at the Mark Taper Forum in association with East West Players and had its Off-Broadway premiere at the Joseph Papp Public Theater. Mixing fact and fiction Yellow Face is partly autobiographical with the character Hwang putting on Hwang's play Face Value.
 TV Magazine is a weekly French television listings magazine published by Groupe Le Figaro.
 City Journal is a quarterly magazine published by the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research a conservative think tank based in New York City. Its current editor is Brian C. Anderson. Myron Magnet its editor from 1994 to 2006 is now editor-at-large. Many City Journal articles focus on urban policy. Contributors include John M. Olin Senior Fellow Heather Mac Donald.Although the magazine is based in New York City its scope is national particularly including California.
 Histochemistry and Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of molecular histology and cell biology publishing original articles dealing with the localization and identification of molecular components metabolic activities and cell biological aspects of cells and tissues. The journal covers the development application and evaluation of methods and probes that can be used in the entire area of histochemistry and cell biology.
 In The Plex: How Google Thinks Works and Shapes Our Lives is a 2011 book by American technology reporter Steven Levy. It covers the growth of the Google company from its academic project origins at Stanford to the company that is rolling in billions of long-tail advertising dollars forms the central exchange for information on the internet and currently has over 24000 employees.
 The Spring of the Moonstone' and its Finnish original Kuukiven kevät (Finnish: The Spring of the Moonstone) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.It is a romantic story from 11th century Finland about love and hate and the meeting of two cultures.The book was published as commemorative book for the 60th anniversary of the Association of Kalevala Women Finland.The book contains several photographs and illustrations. brochure of the book in English
 Group Analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Group Studies. The journal's editor is A P (Tom) Ormay. It has been in publication since 1967 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of Group Analytic Society. The Society also publishes a newsletter Group Analytic Contexts. Past issues are available for download from the link below.
 Nukleonik was a West German scientific journal covering nuclear physics and nuclear engineering. The journal was established in 1958 shortly after restrictions on nuclear research in West Germany were lifted by the 1955 Paris Agreements. It was published by Springer Verlag until 1969 as Springer Verlag considered that Zeitschrift für Physik was covering nuclear science sufficiently.
 The Gates of Sleep is the third novel by Mercedes Lackey in her series The Elemental Masters. It is based on the classic fairy tale Sleeping Beauty. The novel is set in Devon England in the year 1912.
 The Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman is a newspaper serving the Matanuska-Susitna Valley of Alaska. It is owned by Wick Communications publishing every Tuesday Friday and Sunday. Future governor and vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin worked for the newspaper as a sports reporter.
 Džuboks (Serbian Cyrillic: Џубокс trans. Jukebox) was a Yugoslav music magazine. Founded in 1966 it was the first magazine in Yugoslavia dedicated to rock music.
 The Triple Hoax is the 57th book in the series of Nancy Drew. It was the first paperback Nancy Drew produced by Simon & Schuster under the Wanderer imprint. In 2005 Grosset & Dunlap reprinted it in the yellow hardback format.
 Shoggoths in Bloom is a science fiction novelette by Elizabeth Bear originally published in the March 2008 issue of American magazine Asimov's Science Fiction. It was the winner of the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Novelette.
 What You See Is What You Get is the autobiography of British businessman and TV personality Lord Alan Sugar. The 640-page book which was published in May 2011 tells the story of Alan Sugar's birth and childhood in a deprived part of London how he founded the company Amstrad aged just 21 years old and how he eventually became a successful multi-millionaire tycoon received a knighthood and was appointed to the House of Lords.
 Ex Auditu is a theological journal. It consists of a collection of papers initially from the Frederick Neumann Symposium on Theological Interpretation of Scripture at Princeton Theological Seminary and later from the North Park Symposium on the Theological Interpretation of Scripture.
 The Dark Tower: Battle of Jericho Hill is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. It the fifth comic book miniseries based on Stephen King's The Dark Tower series of novels. It is plotted by Robin Furth scripted by Peter David and illustrated by Richard Isanove and Jae Lee. Stephen King is the Creative and Executive Director of the project. The first issue was published in December 2009.
 The Journal of Autoimmunity is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of autoimmunity. It was established in 1988 and is published 8 times per year by Elsevier. The editors-in-chief are Yehuda Shoenfeld (Sheba Medical Center) and M. Eric Gershwin (University of California Davis). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 8.145 ranking it 11th out of 137 journals in the category Immunology.
 The Finishing School is the last novel written by Scottish author Muriel Spark and published by Viking Press in 2004. It concerns 'College Sunrise' a mixed-sex finishing school in Ouchy on the banks of Lake Geneva near Lausanne in Switzerland.
 Ironside is a 2007 urban fantasy novel by Holly Black and the sequel to Tithe: A Modern Faerie Tale. It was completed on February 4 2006 and published on April 19 2007.
 The Reception of Derrida: Translation and Transformation (Palgrave 2006) by Michael Thomas explores the cross-cultural reception of Jacques Derrida's work specifically how that work in all its diversity has come to be identified with the word deconstruction. In response to this cultural and academic phenomenon the book examines how Derrida's own understanding of translation and inheritance illuminate the 'translation and transformation' of his own works.
 The Brothers Karamazov (Russian: Братья Карамазовы Brat'ya Karamazovy pronounced [ˈbratʲjə kərɐˈmazəvɨ]) is the final novel by the Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky. Dostoyevsky spent nearly two years writing The Brothers Karamazov which was published as a serial in The Russian Messenger and completed in November 1880.
 The Eastbourne Gazette commonly known as just The Gazette is a weekly tabloid newspaper printed on Wednesdays and published since 1859 in Eastbourne England.
 Puttering About in a Small Land is an early non-science fiction novel by noted science fiction author Philip K. Dick. It was written sometime in 1957 but remained unpublished until it was released posthumously in 1985.
 My Weekly is a magazine for women in the 45-and-over age bracket published by D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd of Dundee Scotland. It tends to consist of short stories reader contributions knitting or sewing patterns and celebrity gossip.The publication originated as a newspaper.
 Shadows in Zamboula is one of the original stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian first published in Weird Tales in 1935. Its original title was The Man-Eaters of Zamboula.The story takes place over a night in Zamboula with political intrigue amidst streets filled with roaming cannibals. It features the character Baal-pteor one of the few humans in the Conan stories to be a physical challenge for the main Cimmerian character himself.
 A Dill Pickle is a 1917 short story by Katherine Mansfield. It was first published in the New Age on 4 October 1917 under the title of An Album Leaf. A revised version later appeared in Bliss and Other Stories.
 Remember When (2003) is a novel by Nora Roberts and J. D. Robb (the author writing under two of her pseudonyms). The second half of the book is part of the In Death series taking place between Imitation in Death and Divided in Death. The plot follows a diamond robbery over a span of 56 years.
 Blood Sisters is a critically acclaimed 2005 book by Barbara and Stephanie Keating. The book concerns the life stories of three girls: the Irish Sarah Mackay an Afrikaner Hanna Van der Beer and British Camilla Broughton Smith. The book follows their journey from being brought up in Kenya until their lives diverge and their hopes and dreams are destroyed and their bond almost with it.
 The Ambidextrous Universe is a popular science book by Martin Gardner covering aspects of symmetry and asymmetry in human culture science and the wider universe.Originally published in 1964 it underwent revisions in 1969 1979 1990 and 2005 (the last two are known as the Third revised edition).
 The International Journal of Radiation Biology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes original papers reviews current topic articles technical notes/reports and meeting reports on the effects of ionizing UV and visible radiation accelerated particles microwaves ultrasound heat and related modalities. The editors-in-chief are Richard P. Hill and A. Michael Rauth (Ontario Institute of the Princess Margaret Hospital Toronto Canada).
 Mouse Noses on Toast is a children's book written by Daren King and illustrated by David Roberts published in 2006. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award.Reviewers variously commented that it is a quick and easy read and a nice book to read aloud. The Observer compared its style of humour to The Magic Roundabout and the School Library Journal said it is just as engaging as it is loopy.
 The War Hound and the World's Pain is a 1981 fantasy novel by Michael Moorcock the first of the von Bek series of novels.The book is set in Europe ravaged by the Thirty Years' War. Its hero Ulrich von Bek is a mercenary and freethinker who finds himself a damned soul in a castle owned by Lucifer.
 Avenging Spider-Man is an American comic book series published monthly by Marvel Comics featuring the adventures of the fictional superhero Spider-Man. The events in the story take place in the primary continuity of the mainstream Marvel Universe along with the events of The Amazing Spider-Man and later The Superior Spider-Man.
 Dr. Ichirō Irabu (伊良部 一郎 Irabu Ichirō) is a fictional psychiatrist in a series of short stories by Japanese writer Hideo Okuda originally published primarily in the literary magazine All Yomimono from August 2000 to January 2006 and later collected in three tankōbon: In the Pool (イン・ザ・プール In Za Pūru) Kūchū Buranko (空中ブランコ? Flying Trapeze) and Chōchō Senkyo (町長選挙? Mayoral Election).
 Mel Kano (メルカノ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Oshima Towa and published by Shogakukan.
 Heartbroken is a psychological thriller by bestselling author Lisa Unger. It is a standalone novel.
 DC Universe Online: Legends is a comic book limited series published by DC Comics. It debuted on February 2 2011 and is an expansion of the story of the DC Universe Online MMORPG video game. The series is written by the game's story co-writer Marv Wolfman and Tony Bedard with Tom Taylor penning issues 16 and 17. Originally announced as a 52-issue yearlong weekly series it was instead solicited as a biweekly series slated to have 26 issues.
 Two Weeks with the Queen (ISBN 0-330-27183-0) is a 1990 novel by Australian author Morris Gleitzman. It is about a boy named Colin Mudford who is sent to live in England while his brother is being treated for cancer.
 El Calpense was a Spanish language newspaper that was published in the then Crown colony (now British overseas territory) of Gibraltar between 1868 and 1982.
 A God in Ruins is a 1999 novel by Leon Uris.Set between the 1940s and 2008 the book follows the life of Quinn Patrick O'Connell the fictional Democratic candidate for the 2008 United States Presidency his family and the life of his opponent Thornton Tomtree. The book climaxes with the election campaign and its results.
 Archie at Riverdale High was a comic book title published by Archie Comics from August 1972 to February 1987 focusing on the Archie gang's day to day exploits at Riverdale High School.Archie at Riverdale High differed from most Archie Series comic books in the following ways: The cover of the book displayed a teaser for one of the stories inside complete with a Don't miss... description.
 Little Darlings is a 2010 children's novel by the best-selling British author Jacqueline Wilson.
 Once a Greek is a 1955 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt. Its original German title is Grieche sucht Griechin which means Greek man seeks Greek woman. It tells the story of a shy middle-aged book-keeping assistant who becomes popular and successful overnight when he decides to get married.
 Emperor of Dreams: A Clark Ashton Smith Bibliography is a bibliography of Clark Ashton Smith by Donald Sidney-Fryer. It was first published by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in 1978 in an edition of 1375 copies.
 The Chicago Jewish Star is an independent twice-monthly general interest Jewish newspaper based in Skokie Illinois. It provides news analysis and opinion on local national and international events of relevance to the Jewish community with a focus on literature and arts politics and the Middle East. It is a continuation of The Jewish Star (Alberta) a Canadian newspaper operated by the same principals from 1980-90.
 The Voyage of the Space Beagle (1950) is a classic novel of science fiction by A. E. van Vogt in the space opera subgenre.The novel is a fix-up compilation of four previously published SF stories:Black Destroyer (cover story of the July 1939 issue of Astounding magazine—the first published SF by A. E.
 Freak the Mighty is a young adult novel by Rodman Philbrick. Published in 1993 it was followed by the novel Max the Mighty in 1998. The primary characters are friends Maxwell Kane a large very slow but kind-hearted boy and Kevin Avery nicknamed Freak who is physically handicapped but very intelligent.
 The Ides of March is an epistolary novel by Thornton Wilder that was published in 1948. It is in the author's words 'a fantasia on certain events and persons of the last days of the Roman republic... Historical reconstruction is not among the primary aims of this work'.
 Dead Calm is a 1963 novel by Charles F. Williams which was the basis for the unreleased film The Deep (by Orson Welles) and the later film Dead Calm (by Phillip Noyce). It is the sequel to Williams' lesser-known 1960 romantic thriller Aground.
 Jōō (嬢王) is a seinen manga and dorama adaptation chronicling a young girl's challenge at a Jōō Grand Prix contest in which the best kyabakura hostess (kyabajō) is promised to win 100000000 yen (roughly 1 million US dollars). The manga's authors are Ryō Kurashina (story) and Nao Kurebayashi (art).Part one of the manga serialization in Business Jump magazine spanned from the 18th volume of 2004 until the 5th volume of 2008.
 Cancer Immunology Immunotherapy (formerly Cancer Immunology Immunotherapy) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.637 ranking it 44th out of 137 journals in the category Immunology.
 Swordbird is a children's fantasy novel written by Nancy Yi Fan. A prequel Sword Quest was released January 22 2008. A sequel Sword Mountain based on Sword Mountain home of an eagle tribe mentioned in Sword Quest is to be published in early 2012.
 Skinny Legs and All novelist Tom Robbins' fifth book was published in 1990 by Bantam Books. As with all of Robbins' novels it weaves disparate and seemingly unrelated themes into a single narrative.
 The Hastings & St. Leonards Observer commonly known as just Hastings Observer is an English weekly tabloid newspaper published every Friday since 1859 in Hastings East Sussex.
 Arizona Business Magazine based out of Phoenix Arizona is the state’s leading monthly Business magazine. Published by AZ Big Media the magazine covers a wide range of topics focusing on the Arizona business scene and is aimed at high-level corporate executives and business owners.
 Bloody Kiss (ブラッディ キス Buradī Kisu) is a Japanese shōjo manga written and illustrated by Kazuko Furumiya.The series was serialized in Hakusensha's semi-monthly shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume from May 2004 to March 2005. The chapters were then compiled and two volumes were released. It is licensed in English for North American distribution by Tokyopop.
 7 Seeds (7SEEDS セブンシーズ Sebun Shīzu) is a Japanese science fiction manga series written and illustrated by Yumi Tamura. It has been published by Shogakukan since 2001 first in the magazine Betsucomi then in Flowers. The series is set in a post-apocalyptic future long enough after a meteorite hits Earth that new species have evolved and follows the struggles of five groups of young adults to survive after they are revived from cryonic preservation.
 Reading Myself and Others (1975) is an anthology of essays interviews and criticism by the author Philip Roth. The first half of the book is built mainly upon Roth's assessment of his own published works at the time of the anthology's publication. The second half of the volume consists of essays and introductions by Roth about other authors.
 Raw Spirit: In Search of the Perfect Dram is a nonfiction book by Iain Banks first published in 2003. It is his only non-fiction book.
 The Archaeology of Shamanism is an academic anthology edited by the English archaeologist Neil Price which was first published by Routledge in 2001. Containing fourteen separate papers produced by various scholars working in the disciplines of archaeology and anthropology it looks at the manner in which archaeologists can interpret shamanism in the archaeological record.
 Orphan Star (1977) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is Foster's eighteenth published book his fifth original novel and is chronologically the third entry in the Pip and Flinx series. Bloodhype (1973) was the second novel to include Pip and Flinx but it is eleventh chronologically in the series and the two characters had a relatively small part in that novel's plot.
 Games for Windows: The Official Magazine was a monthly computer game magazine published by Ziff Davis Media licensing the Games for Windows brand from Microsoft Corporation. It was the successor to Computer Gaming World. The first issue was released in November 2006.
 Rīgas Balss Ригас балсс was a tabloid newspaper published in Riga Latvia in Latvian and Russian languages. Russian edition has turned into Vechernyaya Riga in 2001 and ceased publication in 2004). Latvian edition has turned into journal in 2008 and ceased publication in 2009.
 The Sandman: Endless Nights is a graphic novel written by Neil Gaiman as a follow-up to his Sandman series. The book is divided into seven chapters each devoted to one of the Endless a family of brothers and sisters who are physical manifestations of the metaphysical concepts Dream Death Desire Destruction Delirium Despair and Destiny. It was published by DC Comics in 2003. It won the Bram Stoker Award for Best Illustrated Narrative.
 One Flea Spare by Naomi Wallace is an award-winning play set in plague-ravaged 17th Century London.
 Republika is one of several national daily newspapers in Indonesia. The newspaper is also known as a Moslem publication. Republika was founded in 1992 and the first edition was published on January 3 1993 by Yayasan Abdi Bangsa (Abdi Bangsa Foundation) -- a foundation that supported by Ikatan Cendekiawan Muslim Indonesia (ICMI -- Indonesian Moslem Intellectual Association).Now Republika Daily Newspaper is published by PT Republika Media Mandiri and has become a general newspaper.
 Studies in World Christianity is an academic journal which examines the development of Christianity worldwide in particular the impact of new forms of Christianity emerging in traditionally non-Christian cultures and new forms of non-Western religious cultures arising from Christianisation in the non-Western world. It includes a review of new publications relevant to the study of world religion.
 Another Day of Life is a non-fiction record of three months of the Angolan Civil War by the Polish writer Ryszard Kapuściński.It is made up of a notable description of the degradation of the Angolan capital Luanda an analysis of the various weaknesses of the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) front correspondence through Telex between Kapuściński and the Polish Press Agency and a brief history of the conflict in Angola until 1976.The book is being turned into a full length animated documentary. 
 ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR) is a peer reviewed scientific journal published by the Association for Computing Machinery. The journal publishes survey articles and tutorials related to computer science and computing. It was founded in 1969; the first editor-in-chief was William S. Dorn.In ISI Journal Citation Reports ACM Computing Surveys has the highest impact factor among all computer science journals.
 The Central Western Daily newspaper was founded in 1945 in Orange New South Wales. It is a paid daily newspaper sold six mornings per week from Monday to Saturday and is of strong repute in the local community. The focus of the Central Western Daily is community news and issues and stories about local people; however it also contains regional national and world news.
 Something More is a science fantasy novel by Paul Cornell first published by Gollancz in 2001. It was Cornell's first (non-tie-in) novel to be published.The novel is set in a future Britain circa 2248 and the plot centres on the investigation of a mysterious stately home called Heartsease.
 Sindhu (Sindhi: روزانه سنڌُو) is a Sindhi daily newspaper in Pakistan.
 Getting It: The Psychology of est is a non-fiction book by American psychologist Sheridan Fenwick first published in 1976 analyzing Werner Erhard's Erhard Seminars Training or est. It is based on Fenwick's own experience of attending a four-day session of the est training an intensive 60-hour personal development course in the self-help genre.
 Twenty Five Years of an Artist is a 1993 photography book chronicling the long career of David Hamilton. The book three hundred and sixteen pages in length includes both photographs and twenty pages of text scattered between the pictures. The book is published by Aurum Press.
 NZV8 is a monthly automotive magazine and website that focuses on V8 cars car clubs and the related culture predominantly in New Zealand but also Australia and the USA.Its readership is 96000It was the third automotive magazine to be published by Parkside Media the other two being NZ Performance Car and NZ Classic Car.NZV8's offices are in Grey Lynn Auckland New Zealand.The magazine's tagline was originally Feel the power.
 Last Exit to Brooklyn is a 1964 novel by American author Hubert Selby Jr. The novel has become a cult classic because of its harsh uncompromising look at lower class Brooklyn in the 1950s and for its brusque everyman style of prose.Although critics and fellow writers praised the book on its release Last Exit to Brooklyn caused much controversy because of its frank portrayals of taboo subjects such as drug use street violence gang rape homosexuality transvestism and domestic violence.
 The Domestic Crusaders is a play by Wajahat Ali about a Pakistani-American Muslim family.The play made its Off Broadway premiere at the Nuyorican Poets Café on September 11 2009. The story is about the lives of a Pakistani-American family grappling with their own internal trials and tribulations the changing dynamics of American society and a globalized post-9/11 world. McSweeney's published the play in the Fall of 2010.
 Rock & Folk is a prominent French popular music magazine founded in 1966 and published in the Paris suburb of Clichy. Its current editor in chief in Philippe Manœuvre. Though the magazine's title includes the word folk it is in fact oriented strongly toward rock and roll especially championing groups like the Rolling Stones and the Stooges. After a lag during the 1980s the magazine overhauled itself in the 1990s broadening its scope to cover newer electronic music as well as hip hop.
 Steal This Book is a book written by Abbie Hoffman. Written in 1970 and published in 1971 the book exemplified the counterculture of the sixties. The book sold more than a quarter of a million copies between April and November 1971.The book in the style of the counterculture mainly focused on ways to fight the government and against corporations in any way possible. The book is written in the form of a guide to the youth.
 The Tiger is the student newspaper at Clemson University in Clemson South Carolina. It was first produced on January 21 1907 and as of 2013 is publishing Volume 107. It is the oldest student newspaper in the state of South Carolina and publishes on a weekly basis during the fall and spring semesters with occasional summer editions. It is rumored to occasionally publish Buzzard editions on or about March 15 in homage to Buzzard Day[1] in Hinckley Ohio.
 A White Heron is a short story by Sarah Orne Jewett first published by Houghton Mifflin and Company in 1886. It is a story of a young city girl named Sylvia who came to live with her grandmother in the country. She meets a young ornithologist hunter seeking to find a rare bird that he recently spotted in the area. As the story progresses Sylvia is challenged with whether or not she should tell the hunter she saw the bird.
 The Tribune is a newspaper published Tuesday through Sunday based in Ames Iowa. The newspaper is owned by Las Vegas-based company Stephens Media. Its publisher Geoff Schumacher replaced Tom Stallbaumer who replaced John Goossen who left in November 2010 when Stephens purchased the Tribune from the Omaha World-Herald Company.In 1986 the Tribune was bought by Michael Gartner Gary Gerlach two former executives at the The Des Moines Register.
 Night Passage is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the first in his Jesse Stone series.
 The Bird That Drinks Tears (Korean: 눈물을 마시는 새 Nunmuleul Masineun sae abbreviated as 눈마새 Nunmasae) is a series of Korean fantasy novels by Lee Yeongdo. A rare example of the genre Korean Fantasy the stock characters and clichés of normal western fantasy such as elves magic dragons and Latin languages are instead replaced by Korean concepts such as dokkaebi ssirum and the Arajit language based on Proto-Korean language.
 Contest is the self-published first novel by Australian thriller writer Matthew Reilly.
 Encyclopedia of White Power: A Sourcebook on the Radical Racist Right is a reference book edited by Jeffrey Kaplan. It focuses on the White Power movement mainly United States groups and individuals (with a few Norwegian and Swedish groups and individuals also included).In addition to contributions by academics it includes entries by far-right-wing people as well as a section of primary sources.
 Aab-e hayat (Urdu: آبِ حیات lit. water of life) is a commentary (or tazkira) on Urdu poetry written by Muhammad Husain Azad in 1880. The book was described as canon-forming and the most often reprinted and most widely read Urdu book of the past century.Aab-e hayat became the single most influential source for both anecdotes and historical theories about Urdu poetry.
 The Navajo People and Uranium Mining (2006) is a non-fiction book edited by Doug Brugge Timothy Benally and Esther Yazzie-Lewis; it uses oral histories to tell the stories of Navajo Nation families and miners in the uranium mining industry. The foreword is written by Stewart L. Udall former U.S. Secretary of the Interior.The Navajo People and Uranium Mining has 12 chapters. Seven chapters contain stories of the Navajo told through interviews of the miners or their families.
 The Bulletins of American Paleontology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing long papers in the field of paleontology such as dissertations.
 Blood Red Rivers (French: Les Rivières pourpres) is a crime novel by Jean-Christophe Grangé set in the French Alps. First published in French in 1997 it appeared in September 1999 in an English translation by Ian Monk.
 Food Weekly News is a weekly food science and agricultural newspaper reporting on the latest developments in research in food production. It is published by Vertical News an imprint of NewsRx LLC.
 Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science is an electronic computer science journal published by Elsevier started in 1995. Its issues include many post-proceedings for workshops etc. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and Science Citation Index.[citation needed]
 Thatch was a comic strip created by Jeff Shesol. The strip began in Brown University's student newspaper The Brown Daily Herald. It was later picked up for syndication by Creators Syndicate in late 1994.The title character was an everyman who struggled through life and politics. He had an alter-ego Politically Correct Person (P.C. Person) who was a stereotype of sensitive liberals who fear offending people.
 Pluto (プルートウ Purūtō) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Urasawa. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Original magazine from 2003 to 2009 with the chapters collected into eight tankōbon volumes. The series is based on Osamu Tezuka's Astro Boy specifically The Greatest Robot on Earth (地上最大のロボット Chijō saidai no robotto) story arc and named after the arc's chief villain.
 The Explanatory Dictionary of the Living Great Russian Language (Russian: Толко́вый слова́рь живо́го великору́сского языка́) commonly known as Dahl's Explanatory Dictionary (Russian: Толко́вый слова́рь Да́ля) is a major explanatory dictionary of the Russian language. It contains about 200000 words and 30000 proverbs.
 Devil May Care is a James Bond continuation novel written by Sebastian Faulks. It was published in the UK by Penguin Books on 28 May 2008 the 100th anniversary of the birth of Ian Fleming the creator of Bond.
 PKNA - Paperinik New Adventures is a Disney comic published in Italy from 14 March 1996 to 20 December 2000 about the new adventures of Paperinik the superhero created in 1969 by Guido Martina Elisa Penna and Giovan Battista Carpi which served as Donald Duck's secret identity.The first issue of the series was called Evroniani and featured Paperinik's new alien enemies the Evroniani (Evronians). Introduced in the same issue were Paperinik's two new allies the A.I.
 A Treasury of Foolishly Forgotten Americans is a compilation of biographies by Michael Farquhar. This was Farquhar's fifth book in a series of humorous historical outlooks.
 The Taste of New Wine is the first book published by Christian writer Keith Miller.Largely autobiographical it describes his struggle to find a meaningful faith and develops from it principles for renewing the Christian church.Chapter six of the book Groups for strugglers is particularly noted as a foundational document in the revival of the small group movement within the church.First published in 1965 it is still in print in both paperback and hard cover.
 Felidae is a 1989 novel by the German-Turkish writer Akif Pirinçci. The main character is a cat named Francis who investigates the murders of several cats in a big city in Germany. As of 2012 there are eight books in the Felidae series: Felidae Felidae II (also known as Felidae on the Road or in the original German version Francis) Cave Canem Das Duell Salve Roma! Schandtat Felipolis and Göttergleich of which only the first two have been translated into English.
 Shakespeare's Memory (original Spanish title: La memoria de Shakespeare) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges originally published in 1983 in the book of the same name. This is one of Borges' (who died a few years after writing it) last stories but it differs little both thematically and stylistically from the much earlier stories that made him famous. The story's themes include memory Shakespeare and writing.
 The Sitka Sentinel is an independent family-owned newspaper published on non-holiday weekdays in Sitka Alaska.The paper covers local regional national and international news and includes a sports page and an end-of-week arts highlight. The paper features a news department of two reporters. Its current editors are Sandy and Thad Poulson.
 Baltics (Swedish: Östersjöar) is a long poem by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer published in its own volume in 1974. Its narrative is set on Runmarö in the Stockholm archipelago and is partially based on notes left by Tranströmer's grandfather who had been a maritime pilot on the island.
 Ripley Under Water is a 1991 psychological thriller by Patricia Highsmith the last in her series of five books known as the Ripliad.
 Nameless Cults: The Cthulhu Mythos Fiction of Robert E. Howard is a collection of Cthulhu Mythos short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in the US in 2001 by Chaosium Press. All of these stories had been published previously between 1929 and 1985 in Weird Tales From Beyond the Dark Gateway Strange Tales Weirdbook Fantasy Crosswinds Coven Fantasy Book Dark Things and The Fantasy Magazine.The collection includes an introduction by Robert M.
 How to Ditch Your Fairy is a young adult novel by Justine Larbalestier. It was published in 2008 by Bloomsbury.
 Doorways to Space is a collection of science fiction short stories by Basil Wells. It was published in 1951 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 700 copies. The stories were original to this collection.
 Published in 1983 In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens: Womanist Prose is a collection composed of thirty-six separate pieces written by Alice Walker. The essays articles reviews statements and speeches were written between 1966 and 1982. Many are based on her understanding of womanist theory. Walker defines womanist at the beginning of the collection as A black feminist or feminist of color.
 Other Worlds: Notions of Self and Emotion among the Lohorung Rai is a 2000 non-fiction social sciences book by Charlotte Hardman. The book was published on December 1 2000 through Berg Publishers and is about the rites and ritual of the Lohorung people of Nepal to be able to connected with their dead ancestors.Reception for Other Worlds was mostly positive.
 The Sign Language Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering basic and applied research relating to Sign languages used throughout the world. Covers deaf including developmental cultural educational and linguistic topics
 The Survivor and Others is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by August Derleth inspired by some of H. P. Lovecraft's notes left behind after his death. Derleth Lovecraft's literary executor billed himself as a posthumous collaborator with the other writer. It was released in an edition of 2096 copies.
 Solomon Gursky Was Here is a novel by Canadian author Mordecai Richler first published by Viking Canada in 1989.
 The La Crosse Tribune is a newspaper published in La Crosse Wisconsin covering the tri-state area of Wisconsin Iowa and Minnesota in the USA.
 The Saint and the Fiction Makers (some editions use the hyphenated form Fiction-Makers) is the title of a 1968 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint.
 The Harvard Lampoon is an undergraduate humor publication founded in 1876 by seven undergraduates at Harvard University in Cambridge Massachusetts.
 100 Tons of Gold is a non-fiction book written by David Leon Chandler and published by Doubleday in 1978. It chronicles the search for gold treasure inside the Victorio Peak New Mexico.
 La Voz Arizona (The Voice) is a newspaper produced in Phoenix Arizona in the United States.
 The Pennsylvania Report is an independent bi-weekly subscription-based political newspaper published in Pennsylvania. It is widely read by the state's political junkies. It was founded in 1985 by David Buffington a former public relations worker for the Pennsylvania Government.It provides confidential reports on personalities events and trends within the politics of Pennsylvania.
 Autobiography of Red (1998) is a verse novel by Anne Carson based loosely on the myth of Geryon and the Tenth Labor of Herakles especially on surviving fragments of the lyric poet Stesichorus' poem Geryoneis.
 Heaven Cent is the eleventh book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony. It is the second book of a trilogy beginning with Vale of the Vole and ending with Man from Mundania.
 The Journal of the Entomological Research Society is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Gazi Entomological Research Society. It focus on several aspects of entomology particularly those related to taxonomy phylogeny biodiversity ecology aquaculture and morphology.
 The Life of Arseniev (Russian: Жизнь Арсеньева) is an autobiographical novel by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin seen by many as his most important work written in emigration. The Life of Arseniev was being written and published in parts in the course of the 12 years in 1927-1939 in France. In 1952 the New-York-based Chekhov Publishers released the first edition of the novel as a whole entitled The Life of Arseniev. Youth.
 Chizumi to Fujiomi-kun (千津美と藤臣君) is a shōjo manga series of one-shots involving the main characters Chizumi and Fujiomi-kun by Kyouko Hikawa serialized in Hana to Yume. It is available in two bunko volumes from Hakusensha Haru o Matsu Koro (Waiting for Spring) first published in bunko form on June 15 2000 and Giniro Ehon (Silver Picture Book) first published on September 14 2000.
 Things We Do For Love is a 1997 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn premièred as the Stephen Joseph Theatre. It is about a woman who begins an affair with her best friend's fiancé only for this new relationship to swiftly descend into violence.
 I Will Fear No Evil is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein originally serialised in Galaxy (July August/September October/November December 1970) and published in hardcover in 1970. The title is taken from Psalm 23:4.
 Liberty is a magazine published by the Seventh-day Adventist Church that covers issues involving separation of church and state and current events in politics. It has a circulation of over 200000.Liberty is one of three religious freedom outreaches sponsored by the Seventh-day Adventist Church the other two being the North American Religious Liberty Association and the International Religious Liberty Association.
 SS-GB is an alternate history novel by Len Deighton set in a United Kingdom conquered and occupied by Germany during World War II. The novel's title refers to the branch of the Nazi SS that controls Britain.
 Guards! Guards! is the eighth Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett first published in 1989. It is the first novel about the Ankh-Morpork City Watch. The first Discworld computer game borrowed heavily from Guards! Guards! in terms of plot.
 New Civil Engineer is the weekly magazine of the Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE) the UK chartered body that oversees the practice of civil engineering in the UK. It is published by EMAP who acquired the title and editorial control from the ICE in 1995. Available in print and online after the appropriate subscription has been taken out (it is free for members of the ICE) the magazine is aimed at professionals in the civil engineering industry.
 Telefon Hírmondó or Telefonhírmondó (also translated into English as Telephone Herald) was a telephone newspaper in Budapest. It was the longest-running telephone newspaper and has been described by Peter Lunenfeld as the most sustained point-to-point telephonic distribution system. It has also been described as an early radio and indeed it was radio that led to its demise. From 1893 20 years before the invention of the radio people could listen to news and music in Budapest daily.
 Bear Island is a thriller novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean. Originally published in 1971 it was the last of MacLean's novels to be written in first-person narrative. This novel is a locked room mystery with the added twist that the scene of the crimes is set on Bear Island an island in the Svalbard archipelago of the Norwegian Arctic.
 ‘Young Lover New Lover' is a 2012 Short stories collection by Muhammad Aladdin and has been published by Merit Publishing House in Egypt. It is his third short stories collection followed by the novel A Well-Trained Stray in 2014.
 The Sunday Star-Times is a New Zealand newspaper published each weekend by the Fairfax group in Auckland. It covers both national and international news and is a member of the New Zealand Press Association and Newspaper Publishers Association of New Zealand.
 Discipline and Punish: The Birth of the Prison (French: Surveiller et punir: Naissance de la Prison) is a 1975 book by the French philosopher Michel Foucault. An analysis of the social and theoretical mechanisms behind the massive changes that occurred in Western penal systems during the modern age it focuses on historical documents from France. Foucault argues against the idea that the prison became the consistent form of punishment due mainly to the humanitarian concerns of reformists.
 Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water 'fore I Diiie (1971) is African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou's first collection of poems. Many of the poems in Diie were originally song lyrics written during Angelou's career as a night club performer and recorded on two albums before the publication of Angelou's first autobiography I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings (1969). Angelou considers herself a poet and a playwright but is best known for her seven autobiographies.
 dTest is a Czech monthly magazine established in 1992 which focuses on testing products and services and also provides help with consumer and seller rights informs about new laws warns against sharp practices of sellers and against suspicious commercials advertisements etc. There are also clues and tips for making complains. The products are bought directly in retail shops to make sure it is disinterested.
 The Crimson White known colloquially as The CW is the student-run newspaper of the University of Alabama. It is published four times a week—every weekday except Friday—throughout the fall and spring semesters and weekly during the summer semester. Its daily circulation in the fall and spring is about 14000 and it is distributed across the UA campus and Tuscaloosa community.
 Education Policy Analysis Archives is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal established in 1993 by Gene V. Glass (Arizona State University). Articles are published in English Spanish or Portuguese. The journal covers education policy at all levels of the education system in all nations. The editor-in-chief is Gustavo Enrique Fischman (Arizona State University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Education Research Complete and Scopus.
 Hex Hall is a best-selling trilogy of young-adult paranormal romance novels by American author Rachel Hawkins. The trilogy is centered around Sophie Mercer a sixteen-year-old witch who is sent to Hecate Hall (nicknamed Hex Hall) a boarding school for magical beings after a string of disastrous spells gone wrong. While there she gets caught up in the on-going war between the Prodigium and the human organizations who seek to eradicate them from the world.
 Sister Carrie (1900) is a novel by Theodore Dreiser about a young country girl who moves to the big city where she starts realizing her own American Dream first as a mistress to men that she perceives as superior and later becoming a famous actress. It has been called the greatest of all American urban novels.
 Manchild in the Promised Land (1965) is an autobiographical novel written by Claude Brown. It tells about the author's coming of age amidst poverty and violence in Harlem during the 1940s and 1950s. Published at the height of the civil rights movement the book reached far beyond the traditional literary world drawing new attention to the lives of those living in urban environments.
 Little Birds is Anaïs Nin's second published work of erotica which appeared in 1979 two years after her deathbut was apparently written in the early 1940s when she was part of a group writing pornography for a dollar a day.The book is a collection of thirteen short stories. The sexual topics covered are quite varied ranging from pedophilia to lesbianism but linked by an interest in female subjectivity and in the dialectic of discourse and intercourse.
 Young Gabby Goose is a 1976 paperback anthology of 14 animal-centered fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. These tales are written for a younger level of reader than Manning-Sanders' more familiar A Book of... series of fairy tales. This book was originally published in hardcover in 1975.
 The novelization of the film Star Trek: The Motion Picture was written in 1979 by Gene Roddenberry. It is notable as being the only Star Trek novel to be written by Roddenberry who created the franchise.
 IEEE Transactions on Applied Superconductivity is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on applications of accelerator and other relevant technology. Electronic applications include analog and digital circuits employing thin films and active devices such as Josephson junctions. Power applications include magnet design as well as motors generators and power transmission. The journal was established in 1991 and is published by the IEEE Council on Superconductivity.
 Theristai (Ancient Greek: Θερισταί also known as Reapers or Harvesters) is a lost satyr play by Attic playwright Euripides. It was initially performed at the Dionysia in Athens in 431 BCE along with the tragedies Medea Philoctetes and Dictys. The tetralogy finished in 3rd place behind tetralogies by Euphorion (Aeschylus' son) who won 1st prize and Sophocles.The play was recorded as having been lost as early as 200 BCE by Aristophanes of Byzantium in his hypothesis for Medea.
 Masks is a comic based on the Angel television series.This issue is a one-shot Halloween-themed annual featuring four special stories.
 International Political Science Abstracts/Documentation Politique Internationale is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers political science. The editors-in-chief are Paul J. Godt (American University of Paris) and Serge Hutig (Fondation Nationale des Sciences Politiques). The journal was established in 2007 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the International Political Science Association.
 Cocaine: An Unauthorized Biography (ISBN 0312286244) is a 2002 non-fiction book about the history of cocaine written by Dominic Streatfeild and published by Diane Publishing Company. The 2003 paperback edition (ISBN 0-312-42226-1) was published by Picador.
 The Soul of the Rhino is a book about a Nepali adventure with kings and elephant drivers billionaires and bureaucrats shamans and scientists and the Indian Rhinoceros.
 The Journal of Natural History is a scientific journal published by Taylor & Francis focusing on entomology and zoology. The journal was established in 1841 under the name Annals and Magazine of Natural History (Ann. Mag. Nat. Hist.) and obtained its current title in 1967.
 Mainz (Vierteljahreshefte für Kultur Politik Wirtschaft Geschichte) is a German quarterly journal that publishes on cultural political economic and historical aspects of the German city of Mainz. The journal was founded in 1981 by Jockel Fuchs and is currently edited by Michael Bonewitz. The journal has sections on culture city history politics sports and other topics and contains full-color illustrations.
 Hyperkind is a comic book series from Marvel Comics' 1993-1995 Razorline imprint created by Clive Barker written by Fred Burke penciled by Paris Cullins and inked by Bob Petrecca.While describing the Razorline imprint Barker touched on the series saying I wanted to do a super hero comic something which would be my take on what super heroes were going to be like in the '90s... Hyperkind fell into that category.
 Angus Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging (1999) is a young adult novel by Louise Rennison. The book is the first of ten books in the Confessions of Georgia Nicolson series. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Bronze Award was shortlisted for the Branford Boase Award and was voted #127 in the BBC's Big Read poll to find the UK's favourite book.
 The Plague (French: La Peste) is a novel by Albert Camus published in 1947 that tells the story of medical workers finding solidarity in their labour as the Algerian city of Oran is swept by a plague. It asks a number of questions relating to the nature of destiny and the human condition.
 Janwarta is a leading Hindi daily newspaper published from Varanasi Uttar Pradesh since 1972. Babu Bhulan Singh was the founder. Dr. Raj Kumar Singh is the editor. With a circulation of 58000 copies per day and read by 5 lakh (500000) readers. Janwarta is the most popular newspaper of Uttar Pradesh Bihar and Madhya Pradesh.Janwarta has given voice to Great J P movement. Great leaders like Ex Prime Ministers Smt Indira GandhiLate Rajeev Gandhi. Late Chandrashekar Late V.P.
 Marooned Off Vesta is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was the third story written by Asimov and the first to be published. Written in July 1938 when Asimov was 18 it was rejected by Astounding Science Fiction in August then accepted in October by Amazing Stories appearing in the March 1939 issue. Asimov first included it in his 1968 story collection Asimov's Mysteries and subsequently in the 1973 collection The Best of Isaac Asimov.
 Harlan Ellison's Watching (ISBN 0-88733-067-3) is a 1989 compilation of 25 years worth of essays and film reviews written by Harlan Ellison for Cinema magazine the Los Angeles Free Press Starlog magazine and The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction among others.In the book Ellison explains in an entertaining introductory essay how he became a film critic and his views on film criticism in general.
 High School! Kimengumi (ハイスクール!奇面組 Haisukūru! Kimengumi) is a manga series written by Motoei Shinzawa which ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1982 to 1987. The title literally translates to High School! Funny-face Club or High School! Weird Face Club. An anime TV series (1985–1987) and movie (1986) based on the series were also released.
 Pediatric Clinics of North America is a clinical medical journal in pediatrics published by W. B. Saunders and imprint of Elsevier.
 Lord Of The Shadows is the eleventh book in The Saga of Darren Shan series by the author Darren Shan. It is also the second book in the Vampire Destiny trilogy.
 Kimi to Boku. (君と僕。 lit. You & I) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kiichi Hotta about four teens Yūta and Yūki Asaba Shun Matsuoka and Kaname Tsukahara who grew up together and a half-Japanese transfer student Chizuru Tachibana who joins the circle of friends. In 2011 it was adapted into an anime television series by J.C.Staff.
 The Comedy Bible: From Stand-up to Sitcom—The Comedy Writer's Ultimate How to Guide (2001) is a self help and joke writing book by comedian Judy Carter. According to the cover it is the how to book for anyone who wants to pursue a career as a comedian. It covers everything from: How to make a living performing and writing comedy. How to turn you life experience into killer comedy. Advice from comedy's hottest: stars producers and agents. Complete list of managers agents and comedy clubs.
 Counterrevolution and Revolt is a 1972 book by philosopher Herbert Marcuse.
 Quinx published in 1985 and sub-titled The Ripper's Tale is the 5th and final volume in Lawrence Durrell's Quincunx of novels The Avignon Quintet following the activities of Constance Blanford Sutcliffe Lord Galen and most of the other surviving characters (including some of those who are theoretically fictional from Blanford's novel) as they return to Provence and Avignon in the immediate aftermath of the war.
 Creative Campaigning is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 Annie On My Mind is a 1982 novel by Nancy Garden about the romantic relationship between two 17-year-old New York City girls Annie and Liza.
 Wild River Review is an online magazine that publishes in-depth reporting works of literature art visual art reviews interviews and columns by and about contemporary artists photographers and writers. Founded in Bucks County Pennsylvania the magazine has been operating since 2006 under the direction of founder and editor in chief Joy E. Stocke. Kim Nagy serves as executive editor.
 Tōkyō Daigaku Monogatari (東京大学物語 lit. Tokyo University Story) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuya Egawa.In the story high schooler Naoki Murakami (村上 直樹 Murakami Naoki) asks Haruka Mizuno (水野 遥 Mizuno Haruka) to date him. They date while both worry about their upcoming university entrance examinations.A live action film of the same name directed by Tatsuya Egawa and based on his manga was released in February 2006.
 The Fermi Paradox Is Our Business Model is a science fiction short story by Charlie Jane Anders. It was first published in the online magazine Tor.com August 11 2010.
 *** is Michael Brodsky's fifth novel. The title consists of precisely three asterisks as mentioned on the book's copyright page as part of its Library of Congress cataloguing information.The book centers on Stu Potts working for Dov Grey captain of industry creating ***s out of raws. No underlying meanings for *** nor for raw both of which occur frequently in the text are directly suggested. Readers are left to struggle on their own.
 Le Lys dans la Vallée (English: The Lily of the Valley) is an 1835 novel about love and society by French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac (1799–1850). It concerns the affection — emotionally vibrant but never consummated — between Felix de Vandenesse and Henriette de Mortsauf.
 Life Studies is the fourth book of poems by Robert Lowell. Most critics (including Helen Vendler Steven Gould Axelrod Adam Kirsch and others) consider it one of Lowell's most important books and the Academy of American Poets named it one of their Groundbreaking Books. Helen Vendler called Life Studies Lowell's most original book. It won the National Book Award for Poetry in 1960.
 The Wind Shifts is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium. It was first published in 1917 so it is in the publicdomain.The wind shifts explains why John Gould Fletcher detected a poet out of tune with life and with his surroundings. (See the main Harmonium essay.) Buttel cites this poem as an example of Stevens's mastery of repetition within free verse.
 Illegal Alien is a science fiction and mystery novel by Canadian novelist Robert J. Sawyer. The book won the 2002 Seiun Award in Japan for Best Foreign Novel.The story was published in hardback in December 1997 and appeared in paperback in England in January 1998 and in the United States in January 1999.
 To Live and Die in L.A. is an American crime novel written by former Secret Service Agent Gerald Petievich. It was published by Arbor House in 1984 and subsequently made into a movie the following year.
 The Justice of the Peace (JP) now known as Criminal Law & Justice Weekly (CL&J) has continuously reported for 173 years all aspects of the law for the magisterial and criminal courts since first published in 1837.
 Zunjar Neta is a Marathi-language daily newspaper published in Beed Maharashtra India.
 Chorus Girls was a 1981 musical written by The Kinks lead singer and songwriter Ray Davies who collaborated with The Long Good Friday screenwriter Barrie Keeffe.It opened at the Theatre Royal Stratford East London starring Marc Sinden and also had a supporting cast of Michael Elphick Anita Dobson Lesley Manville Kate Williams Sandy Ratcliff and Charlotte Cornwell.
 The Elaborate Entrance of Chad Deity is a dramatic comedy play by Kristoffer Diaz about a professional wrestler.
 Political Research Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of political science. The journal's editors-in-chief are Cornell Clayton and Amy Mazur (Washington State University). It was established in 1948 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Western Political Science Association.
 World's End is the first novel of Upton Sinclair's Lanny Budd series. First published in 1940 after World War II had begun in Europe the previous year the story covers the period from 1913 to 1919 before and after World War I.
 Ratio is a peer-reviewed academic journal of analytic philosophy edited by David S. Oderberg (Reading University) and published by Wiley-Blackwell. Although emphasising work predominantly from analytic philosophy it does not exclusively publish in one tradition and includes a variety of philosophical topics. Ratio is published quarterly and in December publishes a special issue that is focused specifically on one area calling on specialists in that field of study to contribute.
 The Indian Express is an Indian English-language daily newspaper. It is published in Mumbai by Indian Express Group. In 1999 eight years after the group's founder Ramnath Goenka's death in 1991 the group was split between the family members.
 The Wellsville Daily Reporter is an American daily newspaper published Sundays and weekdays in Wellsville New YorkThe Daily Reporter is the newspaper of record for Allegany County New York and the only daily published in the county. Its Sunday edition is called The Spectator and published in conjunction with The Evening Tribune of Hornell New York.In 1987 the paper was acquired by Hollinger.
 Tales of the Alhambra is a collection of essays verbal sketches and stories by Washington Irving.
 Fat Kid Rules the World is a young adult novel published by American author KL Going in 2003. The story follows a suicidal 296 pound teen Troy Billings who befriends a local guitar legend Curt MacCrae who insists that they form a band together with Troy playing drums. KL Going has stated it was inspired by a mix of punk music Kurt Cobain biographies and a rejection letter she received from an editor.
 Time Cat (1963) is a fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander an American author of more than forty books primarily fantasy fiction for children.It was his first children's fantasy.
 Modern Dance for Beginners is a play for two people written by British playwright Sarah Phelps.
 Columbia Daily Spectator is the daily student newspaper of Columbia University. It is published at 112th and Broadway in New York New York. Founded in 1877 it is the oldest continuously operating college news daily in the nation after The Harvard Crimson and has been legally independent of the university since 1962. It is printed weekdays during the academic term.
 Algebra i Logika (English: Algebra and Logic) is a peer-reviewed Russian mathematical journal founded in 1962 by Anatoly Ivanovich Malcev published by the Siberian Fund for Algebra and Logic at Novosibirsk State University. An English translation of the journal is published by Springer-Verlag as Algebra and Logic since 1968. It published papers presented at the meetings of the Algebra and Logic seminar at the Novosibirsk State University.
 The Ballantyne Novels are a series of four novels published between 1980 and 1984 by Wilbur Smith. They chronicle the lives of the Ballantyne family from the 1860s through until 1980’s. against a background of the history of Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe).A fifth novel published in 2005 seeks to combine the Ballantyne narrative with that of Smith's other family saga The Courtney Novels.
 The daily informer is a fastest growing online news portal. The site was established in march 2014. The site is available only in English. The bengali and spanish language version will come soon.The site serves news articles of various topics including Business Politics World news Asian regional news Technology Science Health Sports etc. The site is still in Beta version so more is coming in near future.
 Don Rodriguez: Chronicles of Shadow Valley is a fantasy novel by Lord Dunsany issued in the United States under this title and in the United Kingdom as The Chronicles of Rodriguez. The first editions in hardcover were published simultaneously in London and New York by G. P. Putnam's Sons in February 1922. The first paperback edition was published by Ballantine Books as the thirtieth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in May 1971. It was the series' third Dunsany volume.
 The Song of Rhiannon is a fantasy novel by Evangeline Walton the third in a series of four based on the Welsh Mabinogion. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fifty-first volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in August 1972. It has been reprinted a number of times since and gathered together with Walton's other Mabinogion novels by Overlook Press as the omnibus The Mabinogion Tetralogy in 2002.
 YES! Weekly is an alternative weekly newspaper started in Greensboro NC. In addition to local news and politics the newspaper provides arts and entertainment news and reviews nationally syndicated columns and other features. YES! Weekly has an average weekly circulation of 45000 copies and nearly 2000 distribution points making us the largest free newspaper in the Piedmont Triad. YE! Weekly is available in Greensboro High Point and Winston-Salem.
 Bi Any Other Name: Bisexual People Speak Out an anthology edited by Loraine Hutchins and Lani Ka'ahumanu is one of the seminal books in the history of the modern bisexual rights movement.
 Corona is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Greg Bear.
 Griever: An American Monkey King in China is a 1986 novel by Gerald Vizenor. It won the 1986 New York Fiction Collective Award and the 1988 American Book Award.
 See also Pappa polis (TV series) for the TV series based on this novel.Pappa polis is a Swedish children's book from 2000 written by Laura Trenter. It is also available as an audiobook.
 The Drowned World is a 1962 science fiction novel by J. G. Ballard. In contrast to much post-apocalyptic fiction the novel features a central character who rather than being disturbed by the end of the old world is enraptured by the chaotic reality that has come to replace it. The novel is an expansion of an out of print novella of the same title published in Science Fiction Adventures magazine in January 1962 Vol 4 No. 24.
 Mon Colle Knights known as Six Gates Far Away Mon Colle Knight (六門天外モンコレナイト Rokumon Tengai Mon Kore Naito) in Japan is an anime and manga series. The original concept was made by Hitoshi Yasuda and Group SNE. The series is based on the Monster Collection trading card game.The Japanese version aired on TV Tokyo consisting of 51 episodes and one movie. The Saban-produced Mon Colle Knights aired on Fox Kids in North America from July 2001 to September 2002 consisting of 45 episodes.
 African Entomology is a scientific journal published by the Entomological Society of Southern Africa.
 Dark Enough to See the Stars in a Jamestown Sky is a historical fiction novel by Connie Lapallo. The novel is about the women and children of Jamestown during the beginning years of hardship. The protagonist is the author's real ancestor Joan Phippen Peirce.
 The Devil and Miss Prym (Portuguese: O Demônio e a srta Prym) is a novel by the Brazilian novelist Paulo Coelho.
 Twenties Girl is a 2009 book by Sophie Kinsella (pen name of Madeline Wickham). Her fourth stand-alone book it was published by Bantam Press.
 Wannabe: How The Spice Girls Reinvented Pop Fame is a biography of the Spice Girls published in 2004 and written by David Sinclair.
 Outbreak is a medical thriller written by Dr. Robin Cook and published in 1987 which deals with an outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus in the United States.Despite its name and very similar storyline the book is not connected to the 1995 movie also called Outbreak. The book was made into a television movie in 1995 and released under the title Robin Cook's Virus later renamed Formula for Death starring Nicollette Sheridan and William Devane.
 Pursuit of the House-Boat (sometimes called In Pursuit of the House-Boat or The Pursuit of the House-Boat) is an 1897 novel by John Kendrick Bangs and the second one to feature his Associated Shades take on the afterlife.
 Helter Skelter (ヘルタースケルター Herutā Sukerutā) is a Japanese manga by Kyoko Okazaki. It was adapted into a live-action film in 2012. It was later released in English by Vertical in 2013.
 Biology of the Cell is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of cell biology cell physiology and molecular biology of animal and plant cells microorganisms and protists. Topics covered include development neurobiology and immunology as well as theoretical or biophysical modelling.The journal is currently published monthly by the Biochemical Society on behalf of the Société Française des Microscopies and the Société de Biologie Cellulaire de France.
 The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book of history by Bernard Bailyn. It is considered one of the most influential studies of the American Revolution published during the 20th century. The book grew out of Bailyn's introduction to the first volume of Pamphlets of the American Revolution a series of documents of the Revolutionary era which he edited for the John Harvard Library.
 Pop. 1280 (1964) is a crime novel by Jim Thompson.
 New York is a weekly magazine concerned with life culture politics and style broadly and with a particular emphasis on New York City. Founded by Milton Glaser and Clay Felker in 1968 as a competitor to The New Yorker it was brasher and less polite and established itself as a cradle of New Journalism. Over time it became more national in scope publishing many noteworthy articles on American culture by writers such as Tom Wolfe Jimmy Breslin Nora Ephron Frank Rich and John Heilemann.
 Under the Greenwood Tree: A Rural Painting of the Dutch School is a novel by Thomas Hardy published anonymously in 1872. It was Hardy's second published novel the last to be printed without his name and the first of his great series of Wessex novels. Whilst Hardy originally thought of simply calling it The Mellstock Quire he settled on a title taken from a song in Shakespeare's As You Like It (Act II Scene V).
 My Dad John McCain is an illustrated children's book based on the life of John McCain. Written by his daughter Meghan McCain and published through Aladdin Paperbacks it was released on September 2 2008. The book's images were illustrated by Dan Andreasen. The book was intended to support John McCain's candidacy for President of the United States in 2008.
 Angel Rock is a crime novel by Darren Williams first published in 2002.
 Superboy is the name of several comic book series published by DC Comics featuring characters of the same name. The first three titles feature the original Superboy the legendary hero Superman as a boy. Later series feature the second Superboy who is a partial clone of the original Superman.
 Tatobay (Pashto: ټاټوبی اوونيزه‎) is a Pashto language weekly newspaper based in Kabul Afghanistan. Which's covering (Political Social Sport Health Art and Cultural) topics and a review the News of the week.
 The Case of the Rising Stars is the eighty-seventh volume in the Nancy Drew mystery series. It was first published in 1989 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
 The Born Queen is a fantasy novel by Greg Keyes. It's the fourth and last novel in the series The Kingdoms of Thorn and Bone.
 Jews Against Zionism: The American Council for Judaism 1942-1948 is a 1990 book by Thomas A. Kolsky a professor of history and political science at Montgomery County Community College based on his doctoral dissertation at The George Washington University.In Jews Against Zionism Kolsky describes the history of the American Council for Judaism an organization specifically created to fight against both Zionism and a Jewish state.
 Bleeker: The Rechargeable Dog is a comic strip by Jonathan Mahood about ten-year-old Skip Smalls his friend Lila and Bleeker his electronic dog. The strip is distributed by King Features Syndicate.In July 2006 Mahood's comic strip began online as Hoover: The Rechargeable Dog.
 Spice Business Magazine is a British quarterly magazine for the Asian business community.
 Little Mary Mixup was an American comic strip drawn by Robert Moore Brinkerhoff. It was distributed by United Features Syndicate from 1917-1956. At first it was a simple gag-a-day strip featuring a mischievous nine-year-old girl. However Mary aged very slowly over time and by World War II she was an adventurous teenager who could participate in the war.
 Firethorn is a 2004 fantasy novel by American writer Sarah Micklem.
 Ikonz is a national entertainment magazine published in the United Kingdom.
 Drug and Chemical Toxicology is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes full-length research papers review articles and short communications that encompass a broad spectrum of toxicological data surrounding risk assessment and harmful exposure. It is published by Informa.
 Georgia on My Mind (1993) is an English language science fiction novelette by Charles Sheffield. It won both the 1993 Nebula Award for Best Novelette and the 1994 Hugo Award for Best Novelette.The novelette involves two major themes: being widowed and the quest for a legendary Babbage computer. The Georgia of the title is the remote South Georgia Island which lies just north of Antarctica.
 Outcast is a historical novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1955.It takes place in Roman Britain and tells the tale of an orphaned Roman child who is shipwrecked on a coast of Dumnonia in Celtic Britain outside of Roman rule. He is adopted by a childless couple grows up within the tribe eventually leaving to rejoin Roman society and being carried along by a chain of events all the way to Rome and ultimately back to Britain.
 H2O: Footprints in the Sand is a Japanese adult visual novel by Makura that was released on June 23 2006 for the PC as a DVD; a version playable on the PlayStation 2 under the title H2O + followed on April 24 2008 with adult content removed but in its place will be additional scenarios and graphics not seen in the original release. H2O is Makura's first game; a sequel named √after and another was later produced in October 2007.
 Fablehaven: Grip of the Shadow Plague is the third novel in the Fablehaven fantasy series written by Brandon Mull. The book was released on April 21 2008. These stories often involve mythological creatures such as fairies.
 Tsure ga Utsu ni Narimashite (ツレがうつになりまして。) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Tenten Hosokawa. It was adapted into a live-action television series in 2009 and a live-action film in 2011.
 Category: Freaks (Japanese: カテゴリ:フリークス Hepburn: Kategori: Furīkusu) also known as Category Freaks is a manga series created by Ashika Sakura and published in Comic Birz since 2002.The manga is published in the United States by DrMaster since the company took over most of ComicsOne's manga and manhua titles. It was also licensed in Russia by Comix-ART.
 The Smyth Report is the common name of an administrative history written by physicist Henry DeWolf Smyth about the Allied World War II effort to develop the atomic bomb the Manhattan Project. The full title of the report is A General Account of the Development of Methods of Using Atomic Energy for Military Purposes.
 Donald Duk is a coming-of-age novel written by Frank Chin and was first published in February 1991. It is about an eleven-year-old boy named Donald Duk dealing with the struggles of cultural identity as he learns to accept himself for who he is.
 The American Journal of Pathology is the official academic journal of the American Society for Investigative Pathology covering original papers in disease biology particularly in human disease.
 Kirkus Reviews (or Kirkus Media) is an American book review magazine founded in 1933 by Virginia Kirkus (1893–1980).
 Madan's Talwar later known as The Talvar was an early-20th-century Indian Nationalist periodical published from Berlin.Originally named after Madan Lal Dhingra one of the heroes of the Indian independence movement who had been executed for the political assassination of William Hutt Curzon Wyllie the publication was established in 1909 in Paris by Bhikaiji Cama. Editorial responsibilities lay with Virendranath Chattopadhyaya in Berlin.
 Great Catherine: Whom Glory Still Adores is a 1913 one-act play by Irish dramatist George Bernard Shaw. It was written between two of his other 1913 plays Pygmalion and The Music Cure and focuses on Captain Charles Edstaston a very prim and proper British military attaché who in 1776 is assigned to the Imperial Russian court in Saint Petersburg during the 34-year (1762–1796) rule of Empress Catherine the Great and brings his equally prim fiancée Claire with him.
 Education Times is a weekly supplement of The Times of India newspaper and was launched in 1995. This newspaper supplement caters to the ever-expanding student community as a career guide counselor and adviser. The editorial covers exhaustive profiles of mainstream and offbeat careers prepares the roadmap for a student on the way to a foreign degree. The editorial offers tips on cracking competitive exams as well as guidelines on how to prepare one’s resume or gear up for an interview.
 The Los Angeles Downtown News is a free weekly newspaper in Los Angeles California serving the Downtown Los Angeles area.The newspaper focuses on general news with an emphasis on real estate and business along with coverage of the arts scene.
 RoomSaver (now  The HotelCoupons.com Guide) is a North American hotel coupon guide distributed free of charge at welcome centers rest areas travel plazas restaurants gas stations and other stops along the interstatesof the continental U.S.In March 2012 Roomsaver.com was officially rebranded to HotelCoupons.com and the RoomSaver print guide was renamed to The HotelCoupons.com Guide.The publication provides discount coupons maps and hotel locations for over 5200 hotels motels and resorts throughout the lower 48 states and parts of Canada.Roomsaver.com and HotelCoupons.com is owned by Travel Media Group (A Dominion Enterprises company).
 Ukraine: A History is a 1988 book on the history of Ukraine written by Orest Subtelny a professor of history and political science at York University Toronto Canada. It is a comprehensive survey of the history of the geographical area encompassed by what is modern-day Ukraine.
 The Coming Insurrection is a French political tract that hypothesizes the imminent collapse of capitalist culture. It was written by The Invisible Committee an anonymous group of contributors whom French police identify with the Tarnac Nine and first published in 2007 by French company La Fabrique.
 Disappearance is a young adult novel written by Jude Watson the sequel to Premonitions.
 Earth and Planetary Science Letters is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on physical chemical and mechanical processes of the Earth and other planets including extrasolar ones. Topics covered range from deep planetary interiors to atmospheres. The journal was established in 1966 and is published by Elsevier. The editors are T. Elliott (University of Bristol) T.M. Harrison (University of California Los Angeles) G.M. Henderson (University of Oxford) J.
 Inhuman is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics focusing on Inhumans as a fallout from Infinity.
 The Canadian Journal of Nursing Research is a nursing journal published by the McGill University School of Nursing. Its primary goal is to publish original nursing research that develops a basic knowledge for the discipline and examines the application of the knowledge in practice.
 The Ann Arbor Observer is a monthly newsprint magazine delivered free to all permanent residents of the Ann Arbor Michigan school district and postal service area.
 The Herald is South West Media Group's Plymouth-based newspaper serving Plymouth and the surrounding communities of West Devon South East Cornwall and parts of the South Hams. The editor is Paul Burton the deputy editor is Clare Jardine the head of news is Neil Shaw.
 International Policy Digest is an online American magazine established in 2011 by John Lyman that focuses on current events and world affairs. Its mission is to expand content and readership for international writers and advocate for non-government organizations. It publishes a biweekly magazine that is distributed online.
 The Taiwan Church News (traditional Chinese: 台灣教會公報; simplified Chinese: 台湾教会公报; pinyin: Táiwān Jiàohuì Gōngbào; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tâi-oân Kàu-hoē Kong-pò) is a publication of the Presbyterian Church in Taiwan. It was first published in 1885 as the Tâi-oân-hú-siâⁿ Kàu-hōe-pò (Chinese: 台灣府城教會報; pinyin: Táiwān Fùchéng Jiàohuì Bào; literally Tainan Church News) under the direction of missionary Thomas Barclay and was Taiwan's first printed newspaper.
 Spider Boy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher first published in 1997.
 Pediatric Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal published bimonthly by Jannetti Publications Inc. Its focus is professional pediatric nursing in clinical practice education research and administration. The editor in chief is Judy A. Rollins. The journal sponsors the Annual Pediatric Nursing Conference.
 Batman: The Dark Knight is an American comic book ongoing series written and penciled by David Finch and featuring Batman. One of two new ongoing titles to feature Bruce Wayne after the Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne storyline The Dark Knight depicts Bruce Wayne's life in Gotham City following his new global commitment to the newly established Batman Incorporated.
 Fool's Bargain is a Star Wars ebook novella written by Timothy Zahn and published on 1 February 2004 and later in print with Survivor's Quest. The novella is set before Survivor's Quest in the Star Wars Expanded Universe timeline. It follows the exploits of the 501st Legion in the period of time shortly before Survivor's Quest.
 Focus is a German weekly news magazine published in Munich and distributed throughout Germany. It is the third-largest weekly news magazine in Germany. It is considered conservative and leans towards economic liberalism.
 Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew (ISBN 9780446894074) is a book about martial arts legend Bruce Lee written by his widow Linda Lee Cadwell. The book was written very close to the time of Bruce Lee's death thus being very close in Cadwell's memories.
 Historia destructionis Troiae (History of the destruction of Troy) or Historia Troiana is a Latin prose narrative written by Guido delle Colonne a Sicilian author in the early 13th century. Its main source was the Old French verse romance by Benoît de Sainte-Maure Roman de Troie. The author claims that the bulk of the work was written in 71 days from September 15 to November 25 of an unspecified year with the full text being completed some time in 1287.
 The Sunday Guardian is an independent[citation needed] Sunday newspaper edited by journalist M.J. Akbar. It was launched on 31 January 2010 from New Delhi and is printed in New Delhi Mumbai and Chandigarh. The 40-page newspaper is divided into two sections of 20 pages each: The Sunday Guardian and Guardian 20. Together they offer a mix of news investigation opinion entertainment lifestyle and issues of human interest.
 Basellandschaftliche Zeitung (English: Basellandschaftliche Newspaper) or bz is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published by Luedin in Liestal Basel-Landschaft.
 State Politics & Policy Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of political science. The journal's editor-in-chief is Thomas Carsey (University of North Carolina). It was established in 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the State Politics Section of the American Political Science Association.
 Qualitative Inquiry is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers methodological issues raised by qualitative research in the social sciences. The journal's editors-in-chief are Yvonna Lincoln (Texas A&M University) and Norman K. Denzin (University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign). It was established in 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Comic Gum (コミックガム) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine pushlished on a monthly basis by Wani Books.Unlike other Japanese magazines Comic Gum rarely contains posters or pin-up pictures. However a special gift is given away together with each issue which is releated to one of the series featured in the magazine. That includes Special DVDs Trading Cards or Drama CDs.Its main readership is men 18 years and up.
 Keziah Dane is a 1967 novel by Sue Grafton. A work of mainstream fiction this novel was published by Grafton when she was 27 years old. This is one of only two Sue Grafton novels published before her more famous Alphabet series of mystery novels.This is the fourth novel Grafton wrote but the first one published. Originally written under the title The Seventh Day of Keziah Dane Grafton entered the unpublished novel in an Anglo-American Book Award contest.
 The National Security Law Journal is a biannual student-edited law journal at George Mason University School of Law. The journal covers the field of national security law including legal issues related to diplomacy intelligence and the military. The National Security Law Journal is one of three journals in the field of national security law along with the Journal of National Security Law and Policy and the Harvard National Security Journal. The first issue was released in March 2013.
 Little Big: or The Fairies' Parliament is a modern fantasy novel by John Crowley published in 1981. It won the World Fantasy Award in 1982.
 Cycle Magazine was an American motorcycling enthusiast magazine published from the early 1950s through the early 1990s. During its heyday in the 1970s and 1980s it had a circulation of more than 500000 and was headquartered in Westlake Village California near the canyon roads of the Santa Monica Mountains where Cycle's editors frequently road tested and photographed test bikes.
 Vader's Fortress is the fifth volume in the Junior Jedi Knights series. It was written by Rebecca Moesta in 1997.
 The Loved One: An Anglo-American Tragedy (1948) is a short satirical novel by British novelist Evelyn Waugh about the funeral business in Los Angeles the British expatriate community in Hollywood and the film industry.
 Half Life is the 2006 debut novel of American writer and artist Shelley Jackson. The novel presupposes an alternate history in which the atomic bomb resulted in a genetic preponderance of conjoined twins who eventually become a minority subculture. It tells the story of a disenchanted conjoined twin named Nora Olney who plots to have her twin murdered.
 The McDonough County Voice is a daily newspaper published in Macomb Illinois United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.
 Ghost Rider 2099 is a comic book series that was published by Marvel Comics under the Marvel 2099 imprint from 1994 to 1996. The series is set in the year 2099 in a dystopian possible future of the Marvel Universe and features Kenshiro Zero Cochrane a hacker who was killed but resurrected as the Ghost Rider — his mind controlling a powerful and well-armed robot.
 The Quiche of Death is the first Agatha Raisin mystery novel by Marion Chesney under her pseudonym M. C. Beaton.
 .hack//Epitaph of Twilight (.hack//黄昏の碑文) is a novel in the .hack series by Miu Kawasaki. It was published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten on June 1 2008 and released a second volume on September 9 2008.
 The Valdosta Daily Times is a daily newspaper published in Valdosta Georgia. It is the highest-circulation property operated by South Georgia Media Group a division of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. CNHI acquired the paper in 2000 from Thomson.
 The Mistress of Wholesome is a play by Jacob Appel that premiered at the Little Theatre of Alexandria on May 16 2008.The play was directed by Keith Waters and starred Kacie Greenwood Danielle Y. Eure and Jung Weil. A second production at the OpenStage Theater in Pittsburgh won the Theatre League of Western Pennsylvania's top honors for 2008. The Pittsburgh Post Gazette described the play as quirky yet delectable.
 Ice (Russian: Лёд Lyod) is a 2002 novel by the Russian writer Vladimir Sorokin. The story is set in a brutal Russia of the near future where a meteor has provided a mysterious cult with a material which can make people's hearts speak. The book is the first written part of Sorokin's Ice Trilogy although the second part in the narrative; it was followed by Bro in 2004 and 23000 in 2006.
 Eftekhar is a daily newspaper published in Iran.
 Campaigns & Elections is a practical journal of politics focused on tools tactics and techniques of the political consulting profession. It was founded by Stanley Foster Reed in the spring of 1980 as Politics Magazine: he described its purpose as: In political campaigns and in business it is management that makes the difference. Management of resources: money media people.
 Andean Geology (formerly Revista Geológica de Chile) is a triannual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the National Geology and Mining Service Chile's geology and mining agency. It covers the field of geology and related earth sciences primarily on issues that are relevant to South America Central America and Antarctica with a particular focus on the Andes. The journal was established in 1974 and articles are published in English and Spanish. The editor-in-chief is Luis E.
 Real Spaces: World Art History and the Rise of Western Modernism is an influential non-fiction book by art historian David Summers who aims to reconcile Western art history to artistic cultural production around the world from all time periods.In the book Summers creates his own art history methodology to explore spatial attributes of art and architecture and their connection to social functions throughout time.
 Moment is an American independent non-profit magazine. While the publication is a secular journal material is targeted toward readership with interests related to Jewish culture. The magazine is a publishing project of the Washington D.C.-based Center for Creative Change.
 Mule Bone: A Comedy of Negro Life is a 1930 play by American authors Langston Hughes and Zora Neale Hurston. The process of writing the play led Hughes and Hurston who had been close friends to sever their relationship. Mule Bone was not staged until 1991.
 The Dream is a 1924 novel by H. G. Wells about a man from a Utopian future who dreams the entire life of an Englishman from the Victorian and Edwardian eras Harry Mortimer Smith. As in other novels of this period in The Dream Wells represents the present as an Age of Confusion from which humanity will be able to emerge with the help of science and common sense.
 First Empire: The International Magazine for the Napoleonic Enthusiast Historian and Gamer was a bimonthly Napoleonic history magazine published in the United Kingdom.
 Grandfather's Journey is a book by Allen Say. Released by Houghton Mifflin it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1991. The story is based on Say's grandfather's voyage from Japan to the United States and back again.
 Marshal Law is an English-language superhero comic book series created by Pat Mills and Kevin O'Neill. One of the first major creator-owned characters for a major publisher it was first published by Epic Comics in 1987. The series is a satire on the superhero genre.The series is characterised by its extreme graphic violence and nudity and Mills' skewering of superhero conventions and US government policy and society.
 Scrambles in the Canadian Rockies is a book by Alan Kane describing scrambling routes of mountains in the Canadian Rockies.It is published by Rocky Mountain Books located in Calgary Alberta. The third edition (ISBN 0-921102-67-4) released in 1999 contains route descriptions for 156 peaks. The peaks are rated from easy to difficult and information on trail heads and the standard routes are covered. Backpacker magazine has twice featured the book as an expedition guide.
 The Mystery of the Aztec Warrior is Volume 43 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Harriet S. Adams the daughter of Edward Stratemeyer in 1964.
 Cinderalla (Japanese: 水野純子のシンデラーラちゃん Hepburn: Mizuno Junko no Shinderara-chan) also known as Junko Mizuno's Cinderalla is a fantasy-horror manga written and illustrated by Junko Mizuno. It was published by Koushinsya; later an English version was released by Viz Media in 2002. It is one in a line of her new version on old fairy tales the others are Hansel & Gretel and Princess Mermaid. In the English book there is an interview between Izumi Evers and Junko Mizuno.
 The World a Department Store: A Story of Life Under a Coöperative System is a utopian novel written by Bradford C. Peck and published by him in 1900. The book was one entrant in the wave of utopian and dystopian writing that occurred in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Moreover Peck's book was one of the minority of utopian works of the time that was linked to an effort at practical application of its ideas.
 The Canadian Journal of Sociology publishes research and theory by social scientists on Canadian and world culture. The journal is hosted by the University of Alberta in Edmonton Alberta.
 Research on Social Work Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of social work including community practice organizational management and the evaluation of social policies. The journal's editor-in-chief is Bruce A. Thyer (Florida State University College of Social Work). It was established in 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Social Work and Research.
 Shadow Moon is a fantasy novel written by Chris Claremont and George Lucas. Published in 1995 it was the continuation of the 1988 motion picture Willow. This is the first book of the Chronicles of the Shadow War trilogy followed by Shadow Dawn and Shadow Star.
 Mişcarea femenistă (English: The Feminist Movement) was a newspaper from Chişinău Bessarabia founded in 1933.
 Yulduz ('Star') was a weekly Uzbek language newspaper published in Afghanistan. Yulduz was published in Arabic script. The newspaper first appeared around 1980.
 Pacific Insects was a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Entomology Department at the Bishop Museum from 1959 to 1982. It was renamed to International Journal of Entomology in 1983 and discontinued in 1985. It was the organ of the Zoogeography and Evolution of Pacific Insects program. It should not be confused with Pacific Insects Monograph nor with the new International Journal of Entomology published since 2010 by the International Society of Zoological Research.
 Le Nouvelliste is a Swiss French-language daily newspaper published in Sion Valais by the publishing company Éditions Le Nouvelliste SA.A regional newspaper for the Valais canton it was established in 1903. At first it was published three times a week. It then became a daily newspaper in 1929.
 Orfeo is a novel by American author Richard Powers.Orfeo tells the story of 70-year old avant-garde composer Peter Els whose home experiments in biohacking musical patterns into a bacterial human pathogen Serratia marcescens have attracted the worried hazmat-suit-level attention of Homeland Security. Els flees in panic and becomes known as the Bioterrorist Bach. The novel interleaves Els' attempt at a final redemption with a retrospective telling of his life.
 Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon is a Chinese novel that is the fourth work of a pentalogy that are collectively called the Crane Iron Pentalogy written by Wang Dulu from 1938 to 1942.
 Scoop is a 1938 novel by English writer Evelyn Waugh a satire of sensationalist journalism and foreign correspondence.
 Chicks with Guns is a photo-book featuring unsettling portraits of American women from different backgrounds with their firearms. The book serves to explore the issues of self-image and gender roles by challenging assumptions of gun ownership.McCrum stated that the idea for photo-book came after reading an article in The Economist which described the large size of the American gun industry.
 Simulacron-3 (1964) (also published as Counterfeit World) by Daniel F. Galouye is an American science fiction novel featuring an early literary description of virtual reality.
 The End of Business as Usual: Rewire the Way You Work to Succeed in the Consumer Revolution is a bestselling book by digital analyst and author Brian Solis. The book examines how disruptive technology affects consumer behavior and how businesses need to either adapt or die. Katie Couric wrote the foreword.
 Erewhon Revisited Twenty Years Later Both by the Original Discoverer of the Country and by His Son (1901) is a satirical novel by Samuel Butler forming a belated sequel to his Erewhon (1872).
 The Long Patrol is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1997. It is the tenth book in the Redwall series and it was a New York Times bestseller.
 Flora's Very Windy Day is a children's picture book by Jeanne Birdsall. It is illustrated by Matt Phelan. The two main characters in the book are Flora and her little brother Crispin both of whom are blown away by the wind.
 The Confusions of Young Törless (German original title: Die Verwirrungen des Zöglings Törleß) or Young Törless is the literary debut of the Austrian novelist and essayist Robert Musil first published in 1906.
 Silva Iaponicarum (Japanese: 日林) is a quarterly open access academic journal covering Japanese studies and published in Polish English and Japanese by Japanese studies institutions in Poland. Its first issue was released in September 2004. The editor-in-chief is Arkadiusz Jabłoński (Department of Japanese Studies Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań).
 Plague Ship is the 5th installment of the The Oregon Files by Clive Cussler & Jack Du Brul. It is based around a series of violent viral attacks on cruise ships by extremists who want to make half the worlds population sterile.
 The South of the Slot is a short story by American naturalist writer Jack London (1876–1916). It was first published in The Saturday Evening Post Vol. 181 May 1909. In 1914 it was published by Macmillan in a collection of Jack London’s stories The Strength of the Strong.The title of the story refers to a location in San Francisco which real estate speculators now call SOMA the South of Market.
 U-T San Diego is a daily newspaper published in San Diego California. It was renamed in 2012 from The San Diego Union-Tribune a 1992 merger between San Diego Union and San Diego Evening Tribune. The San Diego Sun merged with the Evening Tribune in 1939. In 2012 the competitor North County Times newspaper was merged into U-T San Diego.
 The Lonergan Review is a peer reviewed academic journal dedicated to the exploration of the thought and legacy of Bernard Lonergan (1904–1984). The purpose of the journal is to promote continuing interest in the field of Lonergan studies. It was established in 2009 as the official journal of the Bernard J. Lonergan Institute by the Center for Catholic Studies at Seton Hall University and is distributed by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Young Samurai: The Way of the Warrior is a children's historical novel by Chris Bradford published in 2008. It is the first in a series of action-adventure stories set in 17th century Japan following the exploits of an English boy Jack Fletcher as he strives to be the first gaijin samurai.Three sequels are planned: Young Samurai: The Way of the Sword (2009) Young Samurai: The Way of the Dragon (2010) and Young Samurai: The Ring of Earth (2010)
 Lusso is a United Kingdom-based quarterly magazine dealing with all aspects of the luxury lifestyle market. It is published by SWR Media (Magazines) Ltd an independent company based in London UK. The first issue was published at the end of 2004.
 Idiots in the Machine is a darkly comic 2001 novel by Edward Savio about a man who is inadvertently dragged into the media spotlight. The central character Noel Satan Dorobek is a reclusive near-genius who gets his nickname because he believes there are people living inside the earth and that this is the Eden we were cast out of. Because he believes wearing tin foil keeps him safe from harmful gamma rays he becomes a media sensation by marketing a successful line of tin-foil hats.
 The Hunger of Sejanoz is a game book by Joe Dever. It is the twenty-eighth book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series. It was the last book to be released in the New Order series for the next ten years. The 29th book of the series The Storms of Chai is forthcoming.
 The McDowell News is a daily newspaper based in Marion North Carolina covering McDowell County. The newspaper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
 Dawn is a children's fantasy novel the third book in the Warriors: The New Prophecy series. Dawn was written by Kate Cary under the pen name of Erin Hunter. It was published on December 27 2005 by HarperCollins. The book follows the adventures of the four warrior cat Clans after five questing cats return to the forest with a grave message to find a new home. Together the Clans cross a mountain range and meet another group of cats the Tribe of Rushing Water.
 The Pilgrims of Rayne is the eighth book in D. J. MacHale's Pendragon series. On October 17 2006 D. J. MacHale announced the title would be The Pilgrims of Rayne in place of the previously announced title Pendragon the Great. The book was released on May 8 2007.
 Town and Country Magazine was an 18th-century London-based publication that featured tales of scandals and affairs between members of London's upper classes.
 The Middle-Class Millionaire: The Rise of the New Rich and How They are Changing America (Doubleday) is a book that chronicles the evolution of America’s middle-class over the last twenty years and at how a portion of the middle-class is pulling away from the rest by amassing significant wealth. Meanwhile their values continue to make this group an important bellwether of the middle-class mood in America.
 The Caryatids is a science fiction novel by American writer Bruce Sterling published in 2009. It tells the tale of the four Mihajlovic sisters clones of the widow of a Balkan warlord now exiled to an orbital space station.
 International Reviews of Immunology is an international peer-reviewed medical journal that covers basic and translational research in immunology and related fields.
 Perkin Transactions is a scientific journal devoted to organic chemistry published from 1997 to 2002 by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It was split into Perkin Transactions I and Perkin Transactions II. The predecessor journals published by the Chemical Society before the merger of that Society with other Societies to form the Royal Society of Chemistry were the Journal of the Chemical Society Perkin Transactions 1 and Journal of the Chemical Society Perkin Transactions 2 (1972-1996).
 Shoe is an American comic strip about a motley crew of newspapermen all of whom are birds. It was written and drawn by its creator cartoonist Jeff MacNelly from September 13 1977 until his death in 2000. It has since been continued by Chris Cassatt Gary Brookins and Susie MacNelly.While not politically oriented in the style of strips such as Doonesbury Shoe often pokes fun at various social and political issues of the day (especially when Senator Batson D. Belfry makes an appearance).
 The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of clinical nutrition.According to the Journal Citation Reports it has a 2009 impact factor of 6.307 ranking it third among 66 journals in the category Nutrition & Dietetics.The journal was established in 1952 and is published by the American Society for Nutrition.As of June 2009 the journal's editor-in-chief is Dennis M.
 The Apeman's Secret is the 62nd title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon. Grosset & Dunlap published the book in 2005.
 Honey Badger Don't Care is a 2011 non-fiction book by Randall that focuses on comedic descriptions of several animals. The book is based on the YouTube viral video The Crazy Nastyass Honey Badger. In addition to the honey badger the book also includes chapters on the aye-aye the Tasmanian devil the Emperor tamarin the pink fairy armadillo the tarsier the opossum the solenodon the wombat the American bullfrog and the sloth.
 The Island of reason or the little men is a social comedy in three acts and in prose by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux represented for the first time the 11 September 1727 by the Comédie-Française.
 Tatiana and Alexander (also known as The Bridge to Holy Cross) is a romance novel written by Paullina Simons and the second book in the Bronze Horseman Trilogy. The novel continues to story of Tatiana Metanova and her husband Alexander Belov.
 Two Blondes is a short story from Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries released on August 3 2010. This short story is featured in Death's Excellent Vacation
 The Catalogue of the Universe is a romance novel for young adults by the New Zealand writer Margaret Mahy first published by J. M. Dent in 1985. The book follows the evolving relationship between two teenagers: nerdy intellectual Tycho Potter and high school princess Angela May who — despite their differences — are best friends. The plot centers around Tycho's observation that things which look as though they ought to be simple and symmetric really have a wobble to them.
 Daily News (Thai: เดลินิวส์) is a Thai-language daily newspaper published in Bangkok and distributed nationwide. It is 2nd best-selling newspaper in Thailand. It has a circulation in excess of 0.9 million copies daily.
 The World of Nagaraj (1990) is a classic piece of literature by R. K. Narayan. It is based in the fictional town of Malgudi a small town in South India.
 The Bandagi Nama (Book of Slavery) is a poem in the Persian language written by Sir Muhammad Iqbal as a part of his Zabur-i-Ajam collection.
 The Indigo King released on October 21 2008 is the third book of The Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica a series of books begun by Here There Be Dragons by James A. Owen. It follows The Search for the Red Dragon and precedes The Shadow Dragons which was released in October 2009.
 Year's Best SF 4 (ISBN 0-06-105902-1) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell that was published in 1999. It is the fourth in the Year's Best SF series.
 The Sketchersons are a sketch comedy troupe based in Toronto Ontario. They are winners of the 2007 Canadian Comedy Award for best Sketch Troupe an award they had been nominated for each of the 3 years prior.
 The Poe Shadow is a novel by Matthew Pearl first published by Random House in 2006. It tells the story of one young lawyer's quest to solve the mystery of Edgar Allan Poe's death in 1849. It is a work of historical and literary fiction where some previously unpublished details about the last days of Poe are conveyed through the thoughts and the actions of the main character along with the generally shared ideas on Poe's death as of the publication date.
 Vulcan's Forge is an adventure novel by Jack Du Brul. This is the 1st book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Philip Mercer.
 Golos (Голос The voice) was a Russian political and literary newspaper edited and published in Saint Petersburg in 1863-1885 by Andrey Krayevsky. Arguably the most successful Russian newspaper of the 19th century (its circulation in 1877 reached 22630 and was rising). Golos supported the liberal capitalist reforms in Russia and had its fair share of trouble with the authorities having received in its first 15 years 11 official warnings and 3 bans one of which resulted in a six month gap.
 La Carte d'identité is a novel by Ivorian author Jean-Marie Adiaffi. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 1981.
 The Book of Earth is a fantasy novel by Marjorie B. Kellogg. It is the first book in a four-part series known as The Dragon Quartet. It was published in 1995.
 Style: is a Singaporean fashion and lifestyle magazine published in Singapore by MediaCorp. Each month Style: publishes a magazine addressing topics of fashion beauty and lifestyle magazine. Started in 2002 Style: is positioned as the fashion guide for independent and sophisticated Singapore women.The magazine began publishing Malaysia in March 2007 and the magazine was sold for RM8.00 per copy.
 Fightin' Army was a bimonthly war comic published by Charlton Comics from 1956–1984 (though it was primarily a reprint title from 1978 to the end of its run). Telling fictional stories of the United States Army it was a sister title of the other Charlton war comics Fightin' Air Force Fightin' Marines and Fightin' Navy.In the late 1960s Fightin' Army was the host of the ongoing feature The Lonely War of Willy Schultz written by Will Franz and illustrated by Sam Glanzman.
 The North Carolina Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: N.C. L. Rev.) is the law journal of the University of North Carolina School of Law. It was established in 1922 and is published in six issues each year with issue 5 devoted to its annual symposium and issue 6 designated as a special review of North Carolina and Fourth Circuit law. As of 2010 the North Carolina Law Review was ranked #24 among US law journals.
 We Pierce is a 2003 novel by Andrew Huebner. It tells the story of two brothers Smith and Sam. Smith leads a tank company into battle in Iraq during the Gulf War while Sam protests the war and struggles with alcohol and narcotic abuse.
 The Phantom of the Opera (French: Le Fantôme de l'Opéra) is a novel by French writer Gaston Leroux. It was first published as a serialisation in Le Gaulois from September 23 1909 to January 8 1910. It was published in volume form in April 1910 by Pierre Lafitte. The novel is partly inspired by historical events at the Paris Opera during the nineteenth century and an apocryphal tale concerning the use of a former ballet pupil's skeleton in Hector Berlioz's 1841 production of Der Freischütz.
 The Sanford Herald is a newspaper published Tuesdays through Sundays in Sanford North Carolina.The Sanford Herald has a daily circulation of just over 9000 and is published every day except Mondays and has published continuously since 1930. The Herald is a member of the Audit Bureau of Circulations and of the North Carolina Press Association. It is published by the Paxton Media Group of Paducah Kentucky.
 The Charleston Advisor is a peer-reviewed publication that reviews proprietary and free Internet resources that libraries license and make available to their patrons. The journal's tag line is Critical reviews of web products for informational professionals. It is published quarterly and was established in 1999.
 Quick is a defunct Dallas-Fort Worth area free weekly newspaper published from 2003 to 2011. As the name implies it was delivered in a quick-to-read format: a tabloid ranging in page count from 20 to 40. It was available free each week on Thursdays from street teams and courtesy news racks at Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) rail stations office buildings and other busy locations throughout the Dallas area.
 Organic Syntheses is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1921. It publishes detailed and checked procedures for the synthesis of organic compounds. A unique feature of the review process is that all of the data and experiments reported in an article must be successfully repeated in the laboratory of a member of the editorial board as a check for reproducibility prior to publication. The journal is published by Organic Syntheses Inc.
 Signum: Blätter für Literatur und Kritik is a biannual literary magazine published in Dresden. The editor-in-chief is Norbert Weiss. He established the journal in 1999. Each issue is around 140 pages long and includes lyrical poetry prose drama essays and reviews. A regular feature Exkurs provides information about work from a particular region. Occasionally the journal includes supplements on particular subjects such as Ossip Kalenter (2000) or Bardinale Dresden 2004.
 A Man of the People is one of four connected short stories in Ursula K. Le Guin's Four Ways to Forgiveness. It details the early life training with the Ekumenical Envoy service and activities on Yeowe and Werel of Mattinyehedarheddyuragamuruskets Havzhiva nicknamed Zhiv a native of the planet Hain.
 Zen Shorts is a 2005 children's picture book by Jon J. Muth. The book was followed by Zen Ties in 2008.
 No Name in the Street is American writer and poet James Baldwin's fourth non-fiction book and was first published in 1972. It depicts several historical events and figures from the Baldwin's perspective: Francisco Franco McCarthyism and Martin Luther King's death as well as Malcolm X Huey Newton Bobby Seale Eldridge Cleaver and the 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.
 Reasonable Faith: Christian Truth and Apologetics (book) is widely acknowledged as William Lane Craig's signature book. In 1994 Dr. Craig published his first version of the book which quickly widened his popularity among laymen and even professional philosophers and theologians.
 De Bello Hispaniensi (also Bellum Hispaniense; On the Spanish War) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar's commentaries De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili and its sequels by two different unknown authors De Bello Alexandrino and De Bello Africo. It details Caesar's campaigns on the Iberian Peninsula ending with the Battle of Munda.
 QX Magazine (stylized as qx) also known as QX International is a free gay weekly magazine distributed at most gay bars gay clubs and other gay venues across London and the UK. As a free magazine it has a high proportion of advertising space for revenue. The magazine includes news articles club and bar reviews and back pages that are dominated by adverts for male escorts.It is available for off-line download in pdf format.The magazine is also available for online viewing in Flash Format.
 Frog and Toad are the main characters in a series of easy-reader children's books written and illustrated by Arnold Lobel.Each book contains five simple often humorous sometimes poignant short stories chronicling the exploits of a frog and his friend a toad.
 Columbia: A Journal of Literature and Art is an American annual literary magazine founded in 1977. It is entirely edited designed and produced by students. The magazine is based at Columbia University in New York City. It publishes new fiction essays and poetry each year. The editor-in-chief is Laura Thomas.
 False Colours is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer. Set in 1817 it concerns a young man temporarily impersonating his missing twin brother.
 The Messenger-Inquirer is a local newspaper in Owensboro Kentucky. The Messenger-Inquirer serves 25185 daily and 27768 Sunday readers in five counties in western Kentucky.
 Visual Communication is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers on the visual dimension of language and communication. The journal's editors are Carey Jewitt (Institute of Education) Theo Van Leeuwn (University of Technology Sydney) Michael Longford (York University) and Teal Triggs (University of the Arts London) . It has been in publication since 2002 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 O Shepherd Speak! is the tenth novel in Upton Sinclair's Lanny Budd series. First published in 1949 the story covers the period from 1945 to 1946.
 The Battle Creek Enquirer is a daily newspaper in Battle Creek Michigan. The newspaper owned by the Gannett Company is the only daily paper serving Calhoun County Michigan and parts of four neighboring counties.In the late 1950s the Enquirer sponsored the George Award which was meant to recognize civic-minded citizens.
 The Neon Bible is John Kennedy Toole's first novel written at the age of 16. Its main appeal is as an early look at the writer who would later write A Confederacy of Dunces.
 Ten Things I Hate About Me is a 2006 award winning young adult novel by Australian author Randa Abdel-Fattah and her second work. The book was first released in Australia on October 1 2006 through Pan MacMillan Australia.
 Lowell Park is a 1990-based historical novel and authored by Mike Chapman. The book will be made into a movie of the same name by Empire Film Group and is scheduled to come out sometime in 2011.
 Lover's Pledge is a yaoi manga written and illustrated by Kae Maruya. It is licensed in English by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on 21 October 2008. It is licensed in German by Carlsen Comics under the title Love Contract.
 Superfudge is a children's novel by Judy Blume published in 1980. It is the sequel to Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing.
 The Vampires (バンパイヤ Za Banpaiya) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began published weekly during 1966 to 1997.
 A Glass Eye at a Keyhole is an aphorism and apothegms-based book written by Mary Pettibone Poole in 1938. It is a book of epigrams many of which were devised by Mary during her experimentation with hallucinogenic substances. Some of the contexts were inspired by her personal life experiences sexual encounters and struggle with Crohn's disease. The book was banned in the USSR during 1940's as it was considered to promote religious and sexual freedoms incompatible with socialism.
 Fame (German: Ruhm) is a 2009 novel by the Austrian-German writer Daniel Kehlmann. The narrative consists of nine loosely connected stories about technology celebrity and alienation. The book has the subtitle A novel in nine episodes (Ein Roman in neun Geschichten).
 Alcoholics Anonymous: The Story of How Many Thousands of Men and Women Have Recovered from Alcoholism (generally known as The Big Book because of the thickness of the paper used in the first edition) is a 1939 basic text describing how to recover from alcoholism primarily written by one of the founders of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) Bill W. but with one chapter To Employers written by Henry Parkhurst.
 Locus Solus is a 1914 French novel by Raymond Roussel.
 Socialist Studies was an academic book series published annually by the Society for Socialist Studies (Canada).
 Compete Magazine is an American LGBT niche market sports magazine published by Tempe Arizona-based Media Out Loud LLC's Compete Sports Media division. The magazine is published monthly.
 American Libraries is the official news and features magazine of the American Library Association. Published six times per year along with four additional digital-only supplements it is distributed to all members of the organization.
 Helmet for My Pillow is the personal narrative written by World War II United States Marine Corps veteran author and military historian Robert Leckie.
 The Dungeon Master's Guide (DMG or DM's Guide; in earlier editions the Dungeon Masters Guide or Dungeon Master Guide) is a book of rules for the fantasy role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons. The Dungeon Master's Guide contains rules concerning the arbitration and administration of a game and is intended for use primarily or only by the game's Dungeon Master.
 Rozhnama (English: Daily Paper) is a Kurdish daily newspaper it hopes to become the first Kurdish newspaper of record.Rozhnama was founded in 2007 at the behest of Nawshirwan Mustafa who claimed he wanted a daily newspaper in the Kurdistan region which had complete editorial independence. The newspaper is printed using the latest Heidelberg press.
 The Trumpeter of Krakow a young adult historical novel by Eric P.
 Anna of the Five Towns is a novel by Arnold Bennett first published in 1902 and one of his best-known works.
 Stress is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on stress in terms of: the mechanisms of stressful stimulation the physiological and behavioural responses to stress and their regulation in both the short and long term; adaptive mechanisms and the pathological consequences of stress. This includes research in physiology neuroscience molecular biology genetics immunology and behaviour.The journal is published by Informa and the editor-in-chief John A.
 I Wish Someone Were Waiting for Me Somewhere (French: Je voudrais que quelqu'un m'attende quelque part) is a collection of twelve short stories written by Anna Gavalda.It was written in French and published in 1999. It is the first book published by Anna Gavalda.
 The Australian Journal of Earth Sciences: An International Geoscience Journal of the Geological Society of Australia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published eight times per year by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Geological Society of Australia. The journal broadly covers the earth sciences. The editor-in-Chief is A.S. Andrew (New South Wales). It was established in 1953 as the Journal of the Geological Society of Australia and obtained its current name in 1984.
 Identity Crisis is a seven-issue comic book limited series published by DC Comics from June to December in 2004. It was created by writer Brad Meltzer and the artistic team of penciler Rags Morales and inker Michael Bair.
 Cold Skin (orig. Catalan La Pell Freda) is the debut novel by Catalan author Albert Sánchez Piñol. The novel has had remarkable success with numerous reprints and translations venda rights. There will be a film version. It has been translated to 37 languages and more than 150.000 copies were sold in the catalan edition.
 American Slavery As It Is: Testimony of a Thousand Witnesses is a book written by the American abolitionist Theodore Dwight Weld his wife Angelina Grimke and her sister Sarah Grimke which was published in 1839.A follower of the abolitionist movement Weld was a white New Englander who composed this book using many first hand accounts of slavery and its horrors. The work focuses on the afflictions that slaves faced such as their diet clothing housing and working conditions.
 Les Contemplations (The Contemplations) is a collection of poetry by Victor Hugo published in 1856. It consists of 156 poems in six books. Most of the poems were written between 1841 and 1855 though the oldest date from 1830. Memory plays an important role in the collection as Hugo was experimenting with the genre of autobiography in verse. The collection is equally an homage to his daughter Léopoldine Hugo who drowned in the Seine.
 Cutie Honey (キューティーハニー Kyūtī Hanī also spelled Cutey Honey) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Go Nagai. First appearing in Weekly Shōnen Champion's 41st issue of 1973 the series ran until April 1974. It follows an android girl named Honey Kisaragi who transforms into the busty red or pink-haired heroine Cutie Honey to fight against the assorted villains that threaten her or her world.
 Mona on Darkening Ground is an American short story written by Katherine McStravick (née Harvey) in 2001. The short story was published in the Writer's Digest – Writer’s Clinic in 2003.
 Crewel is a 2012 young adult dystopian fantasy novel by Gennifer Albin. The book is Albin's debut novel and is the first entry in her Crewel World trilogy. Crewel was released on October 16 2012 by Farrar Straus and Giroux and follows a young girl in a dystopian society that is pulled from her family due to her ability as a Spinster to manipulate the world via weaving.
 Brushback is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1990s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Detective Sergeant Ruggiero Rugs Carlucci the self-deprecating protégé of recently retired Mario Balzic is the protagonist. It tells the story of Carlucci now acting chief of the Rocksburg Police Department.
 Remake is a 1995 science fiction novel by Connie Willis. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1996.The book displays a dystopic near future when computer animation and sampling have reduced the movie industry to software manipulation.
 Koi Koi Seven (こいこい7) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Morishige and published by Akita Shoten. The story features a fighting squad of six girls (Koi Koi Seven) belonging to the Gokō Academy who fight daily to protect the Earth's peace and future as well as the hopeless Tanaka Tetsuro. Koi Koi Seven began its serialization in the shōnen manga magazine Champion Red in 2002 and ended in 2006.
 Progress in Physical Geography is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Geosciences multidisciplinary and physical geography. The journal's editors are Nicholas Clifford (King's College London) and George Malanson (University of Iowa). It has been in publication since 1977 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Vixens known in Japan as Visionary (ヴィジョナリイ Vijonarī) is a three-episode Japanese erotic direct-to-video anime series based on the manga by U-Jin.
 Jyotiprasad as a Film Maker is a book authored by Apurba Sharma and published by Rajib Baruah of Adi Publication on behalf of Gauhati Cine Club. The book was released on June 17 2005 on the occasion of Xilpi Divas the filmmaker’s birthday. The book covers the concepts and ideas of Jyotiprasad’s filmmaking as well as depicts the national and international cinematic scene of his time.
 This article is about a newspaper of Polish Socialist Party.
 In the Mouth of the Whale is a 2012 science fiction novel by Paul J. McAuley the third in his Quiet War sequence.
 Death's Deputy is a fantasy novel by author L. Ron Hubbard. It was first published in book form in 1948 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 700 copies. The novel originally appeared in the February 1940 issue of the magazine Unknown.
 The Auroras of Autumn is a 1950 book of poetry by Wallace Stevens. It features the 1948 Stevens poem of the same name whose title refers to the Aurora Borealis or the Northern Lights in the fall. The book collects 32 Stevens poems written between 1947 and 1950 and was his last collection before his 1954 Collected Poems.The Auroras of Autumn is a 240-line poem divided into ten sections of 24 lines each.
 As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning (1969) is a memoir by Laurie Lee a British poet. It is a sequel to Cider with Rosie which detailed his life in post First World War Gloucestershire. The author leaves the security of his Cotswold village in Gloucestershire to start a new life at the same time embarking on an epic journey by foot.It is 1934 and as a young man Lee walks to London from his Cotswolds home. He is to live by playing the violin and by labouring on a London building site.
 The Last Boer War is a 1899 non fiction book by H Rider Haggard about the Boer War of 1881. It was originally written in 1882 but not published until years later.
 Cell Communication and Signaling is a peer-reviewed and open access scientific journal that publishes original research reviews and commentaries with a focus on cellular signaling research. It was established in 2003 and is currently published by the London-based publisher BioMed Central.Stephan M. Feller (Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine University of Oxford) has been the editor-in-chief of Cell Communication and Signaling since April 2008.
 Dreamer of Dune: The Biography of Frank Herbert is a 2003 biography of the American science fiction author Frank Herbert written by his son Brian Herbert. It was a Hugo Award finalist in 2004.
 A Pocket Full of Rye is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 9 November 1953 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company the following year. The UK edition retailed at ten shillings and sixpence (10/6) and the US edition at $2.75. The book features her detective Miss Marple.
 Herpetological Monographs is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the zoology of amphibians and reptiles. It is published annually by the Herpetologists' League and was established in 1982. The League also publishes a quarterly peer-reviewed journal Herpetologica. Since 2008 the editor-in-chief has been Tod Reeder (University of California San Diego). The previous editor was Lee Fitzgerald (Texas A&M University).
 Rivals is a novel by the English author Jilly Cooper. It is the second of the Rutshire Chronicles a series of books set in the fictional English county of Rutshire.
 The Potts is said to be the world's longest-running cartoon strip drawn by the same artist. The strip appeared in Australia's The Sun News-Pictorial. It was syndicated in the United States from 1957 to 1962 during which time it was renamed Uncle Dick. Artists included Jim Russell (for 62 years) and Stan Cross.In August 1920 Stan Cross published the first episode of a comic strip known as You & Me in Smith's Weekly.
 Space on My Hands is a 1951 collection of science fiction short stories by Fredric Brown. It was first published by Shasta Publishers in 1951 in an edition of 5000 copies. The story Something Green is original to this collection. The other stories originally appeared in the magazines Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine Thrilling Wonder Stories Captain Future Planet Stories and Weird Tales.
 The Birds of the Western Palearctic (full title Handbook of the Birds of Europe the Middle East and North Africa: The Birds of the Western Palearctic; often referred to by the initials BWP) is a nine-volume ornithological handbook covering the birds of the western portion of the Palearctic zoogeographical region.
 The Big Bad Wolf is the ninth novel in the Alex Cross series written by James Patterson and was published in November 2003. The novel was the seventh best-selling novel in 2004.
 Zuerst! (First! in English) is a monthly German news magazine published in Germany. The magazine has a right-wing political stance.
 The Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger (KStA) is a daily newspaper published in Cologne Germany and has the largest circulation in the Cologne/Bonn Metropolitan Region. Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger has a base of over 100 contributing editors and a wide network of correspondents for local and regional news reporting.
 Distant Star (Estrella distante in Spanish) is a novella by Chilean author Roberto Bolaño first published in Spanish in 1996. Chris Andrews’s English translation was published by New Directions in 2004. The story is based on the chapter The Infamous Ramírez Hoffman from Bolaño's book Nazi Literature in the Americas where the protagonist's name is Carlos Ramírez Hoffman.
 Men's Fitness (UK) is a monthly men's magazine specialising in health and fitness and published by Dennis Publishing in the UK and Ireland.The magazine's slogan is Look Great Feel Great and it targets men of all ages featuring the latest tips advice and information on training nutrition muscle-building fat loss and sports performance as well as sex tips grooming advice celebrity interviews and in-depth features and analysis on the core and emerging health and fitness trends.
 No-No Boy (2010) is a play written by Ken Narasaki adapted from the novel of the same title by John Okada originally produced at the Miles Memorial Playhouse in Santa Monica California in association with Timescape Arts Group. It is a drama in two acts. (Each act was approximately 50 minutes in length and there was a 15-minute intermission.) The play was directed by Alberto Isaac and received its world premiere on Saturday March 27 2010.
 Long Walk to Freedom is an autobiographical work written by South African President Nelson Mandela and published in 1995 by Little Brown & Co. The book profiles his early life coming of age education and 27 years in prison. Under the apartheid government Mandela was regarded as a terrorist and jailed on the infamous Robben Island for his role as a leader of the then-outlawed ANC.
 The Holy Terror is a 1939 work by H. G. Wells that is in part an analysis of fascism and in part a utopian novel.
 Orbit Science Fiction was a short lived science fiction magazine anthology published in 1953 and 1954 by the Hanro Corporation. Only 5 issues were published each of which were edited by Donald A. Wollheim although Jules Saltman was credited within the publication. Several prominent science fiction writers published short stories within Orbit including Philip K. Dick Donald A. Wollheim and Michael Shaara. Each issue was published as a digest and originally sold for $0.35.
 The Shattered Helmet is Volume 52 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Andrew E. Svenson in 1973.
 The Primordial Emotions: The Dawning of Consciousness is a 2006 book by the Australian neuroscientist Derek Denton. In it Denton argues that if self-awareness and intentionality are intrinsic to consciousness the primordial emotions such as thirst hunger and pain (that involve feeling the self and intention) are the likely precursors to consciousness; that a kind of non-reflective consciousness evolved along with these feelings and before the emergence of cognition.
 Divine Misdemeanors (December 8 2009) is the eighth novel in the Merry Gentry series written by Laurell K. Hamilton. The book was one of the top selling novels of 2009.
 Skin O' My tooth aka Patrick Mulligan was created by Baroness Emmuska Orczy (author of the Scarlet Pimpernel series) and appeared in several stories which were collected in Skin o' My Tooth. His Memoirs By His Confidential Clerk (1928). Mulligan is an ugly portly but particularly sharp Irish lawyer who goes to great lengths (even unscrupulous ones) to get his clients off. Usually this involves him solving the crimes himself.
 Race and Slavery in the Middle East: an Historical Enquiry is a 1990 book written by the British historian Bernard Lewis.
 Carpentaria is the second novel by the Indigenous Australian author Alexis Wright. It met with widespread critical acclaim when it was published in mid-2006 and went on to win Australia's premier literary prize the Miles Franklin Award in mid-2007.
 Dalane Tidende is a local newspaper published in Egersund Norway.Dalane Tidende was started in 1885 as Dalernes Tidende. Its name was changed in 1934. It was stopped in 1941 but returned in 1945.It has a circulation of 8418 of whom 8005 are subscribers.Dalane Tidende is published by Dalane Tidende & Egersund Avis AS which is owned by half a dozen private persons.
 The Septembers of Shiraz (2007) is a critically acclaimed debut novel by Iranian American author Dalia Sofer.It narrates the lives of a well-to-do Iranian family during and after the Iranian revolution that overthrew the Shah and ushered in the Islamic republic. There is also a subplot involving a Hasidic family in New York.The book's new cover is designed by Claire Vaccaro.
 Serious Money is a satirical play written by Caryl Churchill first staged in London in 1987. Its subject is the British stock market specifically the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange (LIFFE). It is notable for being largely written in rhyming couplets.
 Seton's Wild Animals (シートン動物記 Shīton Dōbutsuki) is a manga series by Sanpei Shirato published in two parts: three volumes published by Shogakukan from 1961 to 1962 and two volumes published by Seirindō in 1964 under the title Grizzly Bear Story (灰色熊の伝記 Haiiroguma no Denki). All five volumes were based on works by noted author and wildlife artist Ernest Seton and used text written by Kenji Uchiyama (who translated all of Seton's work into Japanese).
 The Colorado Daily is a newspaper published in Boulder Colorado by Prairie Mountain Publishing Co. LLC a unit of MediaNews Group. The Daily is operated out of the offices of Boulder's Camera newspaper. Originally the student newspaper of the University of Colorado the Daily became independent in 1970 and has undergone several ownership changes since 2001 coming under the control of the Camera its former competitor when it was purchased by the E.W. Scripps Co. in 2005.
 An Arundel Tomb is a poem by Philip Larkin published in 1964 in his collection The Whitsun Weddings. It comprises 7 verses of 6 lines each each rhyming abbcac.The poem describes a medieval tomb that can be found in Chichester Cathedral; the tomb is of Richard FitzAlan 10th Earl of Arundel (d. 1376) and his second wife Eleanor of Lancaster (d. 1372) with their dogs at their feet. He has his right hand ungloved and her right hand rests lightly upon his.
 Singularity Sky is a science fiction novel by author Charles Stross published in 2003. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2004. A sequel Iron Sunrise was published that same year. Together the two are referred to as the Eschaton novels after a near-godlike intelligence that exists in both.The novel follows the ill-fated military campaign by a repressive state the New Republic to retaliate for a perceived invasion of one of its colony worlds.
 IBM and the Holocaust is a book by investigative journalist Edwin Black which details the business dealings of the American-based multinational corporation International Business Machines (IBM) and its German and other European subsidiaries with the government of Adolf Hitler during the 1930s and the years of World War II. In the book Black outlines the way in which IBM's technology helped facilitate Nazi genocide through generation and tabulation of punch cards based upon national census data.
 The Truth (With Jokes) is an American book of political satire and humor by Al Franken released in October 2005. The book's main focus is on the 2004 presidential election and Franken's research into the Republicans' strategy in their victory—as well as examples of subsequent political overreach which he predicts will be their downfall. Finally he makes some predictions about the future.
 The Pilgrimage (Portuguese: O Diário de Um Mago Diary of a Mage) is a 1987 novel by Brazilian novelist Paulo Coelho. A parable that explores the need to find one's own path. In the end we discover that the extraordinary is always found in the ordinary and simple ways of everyday people. Part adventure story part guide to self-discovery this compelling tale delivers the perfect combination of enchantment and insight.
 Power Lunch is a play by writer/director Alan Ball.It is about two people a man and a woman that meet at a restaurant and instantly bond.
 The Derby Telegraph formerly the Derby Evening Telegraph is a daily tabloid newspaper printed and distributed in Derby England.
 Cromartie High School (魁!!クロマティ高校 Sakigake!! Kuromati Kōkō fully titled Forging Valiantly Ahead!! Cromartie High School) by Eiji Nonaka is a Japanese comedy manga which was subsequently adapted into an anime and a 2005 live-action movie titled Cromartie High – The Movie directed by Yūdai Yamaguchi. It follows the everyday life of Takashi Kamiyama and his odd classmates at Cromartie High School an infamous school for delinquents.
 The Jewels of Aptor is a 1962 science fantasy novel by Samuel R. Delany his first published novel. It first appeared as an Ace Double F-173 together with Second Ending by James White. Later editions had a restored and revised text as about a third of the text was originally excised by Ace Books
 2600: The Hacker Quarterly is an American publication that specializes in publishing technical information on a variety of subjects including telephone switching systems Internet protocols and services as well as general news concerning the computer underground and left wing and sometimes (but not recently) anarchist issues.
 Cages is a ten-issue comic book limited series by Dave McKean between 1990 and 1996 later collected as a single volume.Cages is a story about artists belief creativity and cats illustrated in a stripped-down pen and ink style.
 Masque of the Red Death and Other Tales is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Bitter Blood: A True Story of Southern Family Pride Madness and Multiple Murder (1988) is a non-fiction crime tragedy written by American author Jerry Bledsoe that reached #1 on the New York Times bestseller list. Bitter Blood is composed of various newspaper articles (from the Greensboro News and Record) and personal eyewitness accounts of several homicides in 1984 and 1985.
 The New-England Courant (also spelled New England Courant) one of the first American newspapers was founded in Boston on August 7 1721 by James Franklin. The newspaper was suppressed in 1726. James' younger brother Benjamin Franklin started in the newspaper as a typesetter and later wrote more than a dozen articles under the pen name of Silence Dogood. One such article led to James Franklin's monthlong imprisonment after he declined to reveal the identity of its author.
 The Dragonbone Chair is the first novel in Tad Williams' Memory Sorrow and Thorn trilogy. The saga follows a young man named Simon as he is caught up in an epic adventure.
 Practical Fishkeeping (also known as PFK) is the United Kingdom's best-selling aquarium magazine. It is published every four weeks by Bauer. The title covers the entire aquatic market from tropical freshwater and tropical marine fishkeeping throughout the year to small amounts of pond and coldwater fish coverage during the summer months.Originally called Pet Fish Monthly the title launched in April 1966. The title changed its name to Practical Fishkeeping during the early 1980s.
 Ṣaḥīḥ Ibn Ḥibbān (صحيح ابن حبان) is a collection of hadith by Sunni scholar Ibn Hibban. It has the distinction of being one of small number of collections intended by the respective authors to contain only authentic hadith. The author of this Sahih is Abu Hatim Muhammad ibn Hibban ibn Ahmad al-Tamimi al-Busti from Bust in Khorasan. He was a prominent Shafi'i hadith specialist and prolific author who died in 965 CE.
 Take Back Plenty (1990) is a novel by Colin Greenland and is the winner of both major British science fiction awards the 1990 British SF Association award and the 1991 Arthur C. Clarke Award as well as being a nominee for the 1992 Philip K.
 Rant: An Oral Biography of Buster Casey is a novel by Chuck Palahniuk released on May 1 2007.Rant is told in the form of an oral biography. When the story begins the reader discovers that the main character Buster Landru Rant Casey is already deceased. Throughout the book various people discuss their memories of Buster and the world he lived in presenting stories in an occasionally conflicting timeline.
 Liahona (formerly Tambuli in the English-language translation) is the official international magazine of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It is named after the word liahona from the Book of Mormon. The Liahona is published in 51 different languages from one to twelve times per year depending on the language. The Liahona consists of articles for youth teens and adults all of which are published concurrently in the church's Ensign New Era and Friend magazines.
 Evolution the International Journal of Organic Evolution is a monthly scientific journal that publishes significant new results of empirical or theoretical investigations concerning facts processes mechanics or concepts of evolutionary phenomena and events. Evolution is published by the Society for the Study of Evolution. Its editor is Daphne Fairbairn.
 The Daily News originally the Palo Alto Daily News is a free daily newspaper owned by MediaNews Group and located in Menlo Park. It was formerly published seven days a week and at one point had a circulation of 67000 (a figure that included five zoned editions which no longer exist). The Daily News is distributed in red newspaper racks and in stores coffee shops restaurants schools and major workplaces.
 Off Armageddon Reef is a science fiction novel written by David Weber and published by Tor Books. It is the first book in the open-ended Safehold series. It follows a group of humans who have settled a planet they name Safehold far from the reach of an alien race known as the Gbaba which is bent on destroying all humans wherever they are found. While all other human colonies have been destroyed this one was saved by trickery.
 Wallenstein is a 1920 historical novel by German author Alfred Döblin. Set in Central Europe during the Thirty Years War the novel's plot is organized around the polar figures of Ferdinand II Holy Roman Emperor on the one hand and Albrecht von Wallenstein on the other.
 PREF mag or Préférences Mag is a French bimonthly gay magazine founded in March 2004. It is a competitor of the magazine Têtu. It is known for its high quality images among other attributes. Although it is a leading prominent and well selling publication for the gay communities it comes to criticism for being politically bland and not embracing non-consemeristic aspirations.
 Günaydın (literally: Good Morning) was a Turkish newspaper. It was established in 1968 by Haldun Simavi and ceased publication in 1998.A book on the newspaper was published in 2006 titled Türk Basınında Kayan Yıldız: Haldun Simavi'nin Günaydın'ı (The Turkish Press's Shooting Star: Haldun Simavi's Günaydın).
 Sexual Ecology: AIDS and the Destiny of Gay Men is a book by Gabriel Rotello written in his days as a gay activist.
 British Biographical Index in four vols. Edited by David Bank and Anthony Esposito. London: K.G. Saur. It is the key to the British Biographical Archive. Edited by Laureen Baillie and Paul Sieveking. Munich: K.G. Saur 1984-. 1236 fiches.The collection includes 330000 biographical entries from 324 reference books originally published between 1601 and 1929. Most major reference libraries have it. In digital online form it forms part of the World Biographical Information System Online
 Animal is a non-fiction coffee table book edited by David Burnie who was the main-editor and several co-authors. The full title of the book is: Animal: The Definitive Visual Guide to The World's WildLife. The 624-page book was published by Dorling Kindersley in 2001. The book is printed in full gloss paper and has numerous full-color pictures.The book is divided into several separate sections each covering either a specific topic or a class of animals such as mammals or reptiles.
 Gone Girl is a contemporary thriller novel by American writer Gillian Flynn. Crown Publishing Group published the novel in June 2012 and it soon made the New York Times Best Seller list. The novel's principal suspense comes from an uncertainty about the main character Nick Dunne and whether he killed his wife Amy Dunne.In several interviews Flynn has said that she was interested in exploring the psychology and dynamics of a long-term relationship.
 Military Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of APA Division 19. The journal covers psychological research or practice in a military context including clinical and health psychology training and human factors manpower and personnel social and organizational systems and testing and measurement. The current editor-in-chief is Armando X. Estrada (Washington State University Vancouver).
 The Illustrated Police News was a weekly illustrated newspaper which was one of the earliest British tabloids. It featured sensational and melodramatic reports and illustrations of murders and hangings and was a direct descendant of the execution broadsheets of the 18th century.
 Pornified: How Pornography Is Damaging Our Lives Our Relationships and Our Families is a 2005 book by American writer Pamela Paul discussing the impact of ready access to pornography on Americans.The book was selected as one of the best books of 2005 by The San Francisco Chronicle and was a New York Times Book Review Editor's Choice.
 The White Castle (original Turkish title: Beyaz Kale) is a novel by Turkish writer Orhan Pamuk.
 Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now published in 1993 is African American writer and poet Maya Angelou's first book of essays. It was published shortly after she recited her poem On the Pulse of Morning at President Bill Clinton's 1993 inauguration. Journey consists of a series of short essays often autobiographical along with two poems and has been called one of Angelou's wisdom books.
 The Ghost is a contemporary political thriller by the best-selling English novelist and journalist Robert Harris. The novel has been adapted into a film directed by Roman Polanski which was released in 2010. Polanski and Harris wrote the screenplay together.
 The Society for the Study of the Multi-Ethnic Literature of the United States (MELUS) is a scholarly society established in 1974. Together with the University of Connecticut MELUS publishes a quarterly academic journal MELUS.
 Spirit of Wonder (スピリットオブワンダー Supiritto Obu Wandā) is a manga series authored by Kenji Tsuruta originally serialized from 1986 in Kodansha's Morning seinen manga magazine and later in Afternoon until 1996.It was later adapted into a one-episode OVA in 1992 entitled Chaina-san no Yūutsu (チャイナさんの憂鬱 lit. Melancholy of Chaina-san) animated by Ajia-do Animation Works and released by Toshiba-EMI.
 Air & Space/Smithsonian magazine is a bimonthly magazine put out by the National Air and Space Museum. Because the museum is a part of the Smithsonian Institution which puts out its own Smithsonian magazine the magazine's full title is Air & Space/Smithsonian. Therefore the word Smithsonian appears on the cover just beneath AIR&SPACE in a much smaller size.Articles in the magazine involve topics related to aviation space travel and space-related physics.
 The Portland Press Herald (and Maine Sunday Telegram; collectively known as The Portland Newspapers) publish daily newspapers in Portland Maine USA.
 The Arizona Daily Star is the major morning daily newspaper that serves Tucson and surrounding districts of southern Arizona in the United States. The paper was purchased by Pulitzer in 1971; Lee Enterprises bought Pulitzer in 2005.The Star was in a joint operating agreement with the Tucson Citizen a smaller paper owned by Gannett (and was Tucson's afternoon paper six days per week except Sunday when the Star published Tucson's only Sunday paper) until that paper became online only.
 On War against the Turk (German: Vom Kriege wider die Türken) was a book written by Martin Luther in 1528 and published in 1529. It was one of several pamphlets and sermons by Martin Luther about Islam and resistance to the Ottoman Empire during the critical period of territorial expansion of the Ottoman Empire in Europe marked by the capture of Buda in 1526 and the Siege of Vienna in 1529.
 The Compass of Zen is a book of teachings by the late Seung Sahn Soen Sa Nim a compilation of talks given by him since 1977 that were then edited by his student Hyon Gak (Paul Muenzen). Designed to offer readers an introduction to the teachings of the Mahayana Hinayana and Zen traditions an earlier—and more crude—version of the current text had first been drafted by Seung Sahn Soen Sa Nim in the early 1970s.
 American Icon: Alan Mulally and the Fight to Save Ford Motor Company is a book written by Bryce G. Hoffman about the turnaround of Ford Motor Company under the leadership of CEO Alan Mulally. The book offers a brief history of the automaker and explores the problems that pushed it to the brink of bankruptcy in 2006 then chronicles Mulally's transformation of the company's culture products and image in the marketplace.
 Mr. Fullswing (ミスターフルスイング Misutā Furusuingu also known as MisuFuru (ミスフル)) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shinya Suzuki. It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine and collected in 24 tankōbon.The main character Saruno Amakuni is a loser at attracting girls perverted prone to getting into trouble yet has great strength of heart and body.
 The Battle of the Strong is an 1898 novel by Gilbert Parker. It was first published in serial format in The Atlantic Monthly starting in January 1898 and as a single volume late in the same year. It was ranked as the tenth-highest best selling book overall in the United States for 1898 and appeared as high as Number 2 on the monthly bestseller list published in The Bookman in early 1899.
 This article is about the poem by Goethe. For other uses see Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt (disambiguation).Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt (Only he who knows what yearning is) is a poem by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. The poem appeared in Goethe's novel Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship. It is one of the songs of Mignon a character in the novel.
 Emphyrio is a science fiction adventure novel written by Jack Vance. It tells the story of a young man who overturns the foundations of his world.
 Boomerang: Travels in the New Third World is a non-fiction book by Michael Lewis about macroeconomic consequences of cheap financing available during the 2000s. The book was released on October 3 2011 by W. W. Norton & Company. The text focuses on the themes discussed in his previous book The Big Short and is based on the articles that Lewis wrote for Vanity Fair magazine.
 Love and Will (1969) is a book by American existential psychologist Rollo May in which he articulates the principle that an awareness of death is essential to life rather than being opposed to life.The book explores how the modern loss of older values whose structures and stories provided society with explanations of the mysteries of life forces contemporary humanity to choose between finding meaning within themselves or decide that neither they nor life has meaning.
 Passage (2007) is a historical novel by John David Morley the story of one man’s journey through five centuries of existence in the New World.
 Times of Contempt (Polish original title: Czas pogardy early title was translated less literally as Time of Anger) is the second novel in the Witcher Saga written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Sapkowski first published in Poland in 1995 (English translation to be published in August 2013). It is a sequel to the first Witcher novel Blood of Elves (Krew elfów) and is followed by Baptism of Fire (Chrzest ognia).
 Missile Gap is a 2006 English language science fiction novella originally published in the anthology One Million A.D. by British author Charles Stross. It won the Locus Award for best novella of 2006. The novella was republished in Stross's short-story collection Wireless in 2009.
 Deep Cut is a play to date performed by Cardiff theatre company Sherman Cymru and written by Philip Ralph. It premiered at the Edinburgh Festival in 2008 and won the Amnesty International Freedom of Expression Award in the same year as well as best Actor (Ciaran McIntyre) and Best Actress (Rhian Blythe) awards with The Stage's Stage Awards for Acting Excellence.
 Premature Burial redirects here. For the article about being buried alive see premature burial.For the film see The Premature Burial (film).The Premature Burial is a horror short story on the theme of being buried alive written by Edgar Allan Poe (1809-1849) and published in 1844 in The Philadelphia Dollar Newspaper. Fear of being buried alive was common in this period and Poe was taking advantage of the public interest. The story has been adapted to film.
 The Journal of Clinical Investigation (JCI) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Society for Clinical Investigation (ASCI).
 Islay is a novel by author Douglas Bullard. It is “the first and possibly the only novel by a Deaf American to focus on Deaf culture” (Peters 122). Islay was published in 1986 by T.J. PUBLISHERS INC. located in Silver Spring Maryland. The novel tells the story of the protagonist Lyson Sulla who has a goal of becoming Governor of the State of Islay and making it a state by and for Deaf people.
 Off the Road: Twenty Years with Cassady Kerouac and Ginsberg is an autobiographical book by Carolyn Cassady. Originally published in 1990 as Off the Road: My Years with Cassady Kerouac and Ginsberg it was republished by London's Black Spring Press coinciding with the fiftieth anniversary of Jack Kerouac's seminal On the Road. Off the Road recounts the history of Carolyn Cassady wife of Jack Kerouac's traveling companion and On the Road's hero Neal Cassady.
 Land of Fate is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992.
 L=A=N=G=U=A=G=E was an avant garde poetry magazine edited by Charles Bernstein and Bruce Andrews that ran thirteen issues from 1978 to 1981. Along with This (journal)[citation needed] it is the magazine most often referenced as the breeding ground for the group of writers who became known as the Language poets
 Ore Monogatari!! (俺物語!!) is a Japanese manga series written by Kazune Kawahara and illustrated by Aruko.
 The Buddha and His Dhamma a treatise on Lord Buddha's life and Buddhism was the last work of Indian statesman and scholar B. R. Ambedkar. The book is treated as a holy text by Indian Buddhists.
 Pochi (ポチ) is a one-volume manga by Miho Obana. It has also been released in Spain by Planeta DeAgostini bundled as an extra with Obana's other work Mizu no Yakata.
 Landscope is the quarterly journal of Western Australia's Department of Environment and Conservation. It publishes technical and popular articles on matters related to the conservation and management of natural resources in Western Australia.First published in 1985 it was partially a continuation of S.W.A.N.S.: State Wildlife Advisory News Service a newsletter of Western Australia's Department of Fisheries and Fauna. As of early 2007 there have been 22 volumes.
 The Pasadena Star-News is the local daily newspaper for Pasadena California. The Star-News is a member of the Los Angeles Newspaper Group since 1996. It is also part of the San Gabriel Valley Newspaper Group along with the San Gabriel Valley Tribune and the Whittier Daily News. First published in 1884 the paper was originally located at the corner of Colorado Boulevard and Oakland Avenue for years.
 Freedom's Journal was the first African-American owned and operated newspaper published in the United States. Founded by Rev. Peter Williams Jr. and other free black men in New York City it was published weekly starting with the 14 September 1827 issue. Freedom's Journal was superseded in 1829 by The Rights of All published between 1829 and 1830 by Samuel Cornish the former senior editor of the Journal.
 A Winter Haunting is a 2002 horror novel by American writer Dan Simmons. It was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Fantasy novel in 2003.
 Jango (2006) is the second book in the Noble Warriors Trilogy written by William Nicholson.
 Rage Against the Veil: The Courageous Life and Death of an Islamic Dissident is a book by Parvin Darabi an Iranian critic of Islam. The book is about Parvin's sister Dr. Homa Darabi who on February 21 1994 committed suicide by immolation in a city square in Tehran Iran to protest the slavelike treatment of women in Iran. The book details Dr. Darabi's life leading up to this moment addressing women's rights in Iran during the monarchy and after the Islamic Revolution.
 All the Year Round was a Victorian periodical being a British weekly literary magazine founded and owned by Charles Dickens published between 1859 and 1895 throughout the United Kingdom. Edited by Dickens it was the direct successor to his previous publication Household Words abandoned due to differences with his former publisher.It hosted the serialization of many prominent novels including Dickens' own A Tale of Two Cities.
 The Ravagers is a novel by Donald Hamilton that was first published in 1964. It was the eighth novel in his long-running series of adventures featuring secret agent Matt Helm.
 Birds Britannica is book by Mark Cocker and Richard Mabey about the birds of the United Kingdom and a sister volume to Mabey's 1996 Flora Britannica about British plants.
 Atheist Manifesto: The Case Against Christianity Judaism and Islam (French: Traité d'athéologie) is a book written by French author Michel Onfray published in 2005 by Grasset editions. According to Onfray the term athéologie is taken from a project of a series of books written and compiled by Georges Bataille under the vocable La Somme athéologique which was ultimately never completed.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Monthly Comic Alive (月刊コミックアライブ Gekkan Komikku Araibu) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Media Factory. The first issue was released on June 27 2006.
 The Weekly Observer is a Ugandan newspaper headquartered in Kampala. It is one of the largest privately owned papers in the country. In 2007 its reporter Richard M Kavuma won the CNN Multichoice African Journalist of the Year award. The newspaper was founded in 2004 and celebrated 10 years of existence in March 2014.
 Interlok is a 1971 Malay language novel written by Malaysian national laureate Abdullah Hussain. The novel was included in the syllabus for the Malay Literature subject as compulsory reading for students in Form 5 (Secondary 5) in schools throughout Malaysia. Interlok caused a controversy when detractors claim that the novel contained derogatory words to describe Malaysian Indians such as pariah and black people.
 Almost Maine is a play by John Cariani comprising nine short plays that explore love and loss in a remote mythical almost-town called Almost Maine. It premiered at the Portland Stage Company in Portland Maine in 2004 where it broke box office records and garnered critical acclaim.Almost Maine opened Off-Broadway at the Daryl Roth Theatre on January 12 2006 and closed on February 12 2006.
 Star Trek: Nero is a four-issue comic book prequel to the 2009 film Star Trek and sequel of the previous book Star Trek: Countdown both by IDW Publishing. It follows the character of the Romulan Nero and his crew in the time between the destruction of the USS Kelvin and the kidnapping of Spock.
 Boeing-Boeing is a classic farce written by the French playwright Marc Camoletti. The English language adaptation translated by Beverley Cross was first staged in London at the Apollo Theatre in 1962 and transferred to the Duchess Theatre in 1965 running for a total of seven years. In 1991 the play was listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the most performed French play throughout the world.
 So This Is How It Ends is a post apocalyptic fantasy novel by Tui T. Sutherland. It is the first book in the Avatars Trilogy. It is followed by Shadow Falling.
 The Hand of Oberon is the fourth book in The Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny published in book form by Doubleday in 1976. It was first published in serial format in Galaxy Science Fiction.
 Ecology Letters is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell and the French National Centre for Scientific Research. Marcel Holyoak (University of California Davis) took over as editor-in-chief from Michael Hochberg in 2008. The journal covers research on all aspects of ecology.
 Twilight is a young-adult vampire-romance novel by author Stephenie Meyer. It is the first book of the Twilight series and introduces seventeen-year-old Isabella Bella Swan who moves from Phoenix Arizona to Forks Washington and finds her life in danger when she falls in love with a vampire Edward Cullen. The novel is followed by New Moon Eclipse and Breaking Dawn. When first published in hardback in 2005 it reached No.
 X-Men: Phoenix – Endsong is an American five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 2005. It was written by Greg Pak with art by Greg Land.Greg Pak said The biggest new character is actually the Phoenix Force it/herself whom we're exploring as a thinking learning sentient creature with a big and terrifying and moving emotional arc of her own.
 One L: The Turbulent True Story of a First Year at Harvard Law School is an autobiographical narrative by Scott Turow.
 The Complete Sha'ir's Handbook is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1994.
 Fortean Times is a British monthly magazine devoted to the anomalous phenomena popularised by Charles Fort. Previously published by John Brown Publishing (from 1991 to 2001) and then I Feel Good Publishing (2001 to 2005) it is now published by Dennis Publishing Ltd. As of December 2013 its circulation was just over 15500 copies per month. The magazine's tagline is The World of Strange Phenomena.
 Sharpe's Company is a historical novel by Bernard Cornwell. Set January to August 1812 during the Peninsular War and featuring the Siege of Badajoz it is the 13th (chronologically) in the Richard Sharpe Series.
 The Cultural Creatives: How 50 Million People Are Changing the World is a nonfiction social sciences and sociology book by sociologist Paul H. Ray and psychologist Sherry Ruth Anderson first published in 2000. The authors introduced the term Cultural Creatives to describe a large segment in Western society that has recently developed beyond the standard paradigm of modernists or progressives versus traditionalists or conservatives.
 The New Rulers of the World is a 2002 Verso Books publication by the Australian-born journalist John Pilger which collects the authors essays based on his documentaries following earlier books which take the same form. Themes covered include: the policies of rich powerful countries' governments and their human consequences. Chapters cover Indonesia under Suharto Afghanistan Iraq and Indigenous Australians.
 Middle Passage (1990) is a historical novel by Charles R. Johnson about the final voyage of an illegal American slave ship. Set in 1830 it presents a personal and historical perspective of the illegal slave trade in the United States telling the story of Rutherford Calhoun a freed slave who unknowingly boards a slave ship bound for Africa in order to escape a forced marriage. It won the 1990 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.
 USA Today is a national American daily newspaper published by the Gannett Company. It was founded by Al Neuharth on September 15 1982. The newspaper vies with The Wall Street Journal for the position of having the widest circulation of any newspaper in the United States something it had previously held since 2003.
 The Doors of His Face The Lamps of His Mouth is a collection of science fiction short stories by Roger Zelazny and the title of the first story in the collection. It was published in 1971 by Doubleday. ISBN 0-385-08216-9.
 Observatorul de Nord (English: North Observatory) is a newspaper from Soroca the Republic of Moldova founded in 1998 by Victor Cobăsneanu.
 Teacher Plus is an Indian magazine for schoolteachers. Founded in Hyderabad in 1989 the magazine is published monthly with a distributed team of writers editors and photographers across India with a readership of 25000. It includes pullout sheet of activities or a poster in every issue. The range of articles spans both academic as well as practical perspectives.
 The Smell of the Kill is a play by Michele Lowe that had a run on Broadway in 2002 starring Lisa Emery Claudia Shear & Jessica Stone.It was directed by Christopher Ashley and played at the Helen Hayes Theatre on 44th Street.
 Inquiry: An Interdisciplinary Journal of Philosophy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy published by Routledge. It was established in 1958 by Ingemund Gullvåg and Jacob Meløe in the spirit of Arne Naess and the so-called Oslo school in Norwegian philosophy and covers all areas of philosophy.
 The News Journal is a community development newspaper serving the area that used to be known as Western State Nigeria now comprising the main Yoruba states of Lagos Ogun Ondo Osun Oyo and Ekiti. It is headquartered in the South East division of Ibadan and is owned by Layipo Concepts. Its stated aim is to publish news of developmental value to the Nigerian audience and other audiences who shall need high quality and unbiased information / news reports on and about Nigeria.
 January is the first book in the Countdown series by Daniel Parker (b. 1970). It was first published on December 1 1998.
 Secrets of Sarlona (ISBN 0-7869-4037-9) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Foreign Language Annals is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages. It was established in 1967 and covers research on language learning and teaching focusing primarily on language education for languages other than English. The current editor-in-chief is Leslie L.
 Storming Heaven is Denise Giardina's second novel. It was published in 1987 and won the W.D. Weatherford Award that year. It is a fictionalized account of the labor strife in the coalfields of southern West Virginia USA during 1920 and 1921.Chapter
 Cinnamon Skin (1982) is the twentieth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. Like a few other books in the series McGee ends up traveling to Mexico to solve a crime.The title of the book comes from a passage in Chapter 26. The passage reads as follows:You smell like cinnamon and you have the right color. Cinnamon skin.My God McGee can't you come up with something more original.I thought it was.She laughed. It's a song you idiot. Piel Canela: Cinnamon Skin.
 Uletka and the White Lizard was edited and translated from the Hungarian by Baroness Orczy (creator of the famous the Scarlet Pimpernel series) in 1895.The illustrations in the book were provided by her husband Montagu Barstow whom she married in 1894.
 Twelfth Grade Kills is the final novel in Heather Brewer's Vladimir Tod series.
 National Lampoon The 199th Birthday Book: A Tribute to the United States of America 1776–1975 was an American humor book that was issued in 1975 in paperback. Although it appears to be a regular book it was in fact a special issue of National Lampoon magazine and therefore was sold on newsstands rather than in bookstores.
 Skin Deep is a fantasy comic book and webcomic series written and drawn by Missourian Kory Bingaman.The story follows the lives of various mythical creatures such as a gryphon a nixie a satyr and a sphinx as they disguise themselves (using magical medallions) into the world of humans.
 Lost in Blunderland: The further adventures of Clara is a novel by Caroline Lewis (pseudonym for Edward Harold Begbie J. Stafford Ransome and M. H. Temple) written in 1903 and published by William Heinemann of London. It is a political parody of Lewis Carroll's two books Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. It is the second of Lewis' parodies the first being Clara in Blunderland.
 The Glory of Their Times: The Story Of The Early Days Of Baseball Told By The Men Who Played It is a book edited by Lawrence Ritter telling the stories of early 20th century baseball. It is widely acclaimed as one of the great books written about baseball.
 The Singular Life of Albert Nobbs (French: La Vie singulière d'Albert Nobbs) is a play by French author Simone Benmussa. Based on a novella by George Moore the drama tells the story of a 19th-century woman who disguises herself as a man to avoid poverty. The role of Albert Nobbs was originated by French actress Juliet Berto. The drama premiered in November 1977 at the Théâtre d'Orsay in Paris.
 Amandala is a Belizean tabloid newspaper; published twice weekly it is considered the most widely circulated newspaper in Belize. It was established on August 13 1969 as the chief spreadsheet for the United Black Association for Development (UBAD). Its offices are located at 3304 Partridge Street in Belize City.As of the end of April 2011 it has published over 2500 issues.
 The Last Days of the Jerusalem of Lithuania: Chronicles from the Vilna Ghetto and the Camps 1939-1944 is a notable chronicle of life as a Jew in the Vilna Ghetto and later in concentration camps. It was written by Herman Kruk who buried his diaries inside the camp at KZ Lagedi in Estonia the day he was put to death.
 Swords Against Darkness is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andrew J. Offutt. It was first published in paperback by Zebra Books in February 1977.The book collects nine short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors with a foreword by Offutt.
 Independent news organization Indigo Publications was founded in Paris in 1981 by journalist Maurice Botbol who continues to own and run the group to this day. The company publishes five websites and fifteen specialist newsletters known for their editorially independent news and analysis.
 Hairy Maclary From Donaldson’s Dairy first published in 1983 is the first and most well-known of a series of books by New Zealand author Lynley Dodd featuring Hairy Maclary. His adventures are usually in the company of his other animal friends who include the dachshund Schnitzel von Krumm. His arch-enemy is the tomcat Scarface Claw.
 Kali the Mother (1900) is an English book written by Sister Nivedita. Kali is a popular Hindu goddess who is considered to free her worshippers from fear (anxiety) and all troubles. In this book Nivedita celebrated this Indian goddess Kali.
 Son of a Witch (ISBN 0-06-074722-6) is a fantasy novel written by Gregory Maguire. The book is Maguire’s fifth revisionist story and the second set in the land of Oz originally conceived by L. Frank Baum. It is a sequel to Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (1995).
 EXEcutional (Thai: เอ็กซีคิวชั่นแนล Èk See Kiw Chân-Naen) is a Thai language comic book written by Panuwat Wattananukul (Thai: ภานุวัฒน์ วัฒนนุกูล). The comic is serialized in the Thai version of Weekly Shōnen Jump C-Kids.
 Hominid is a short novel by Austrian writer Klaus Ebner. Taking place millions of years ago it is a fictional story of a band of extinct hominids who inhabit Central Africa. Referencing the seven days of biblical Creation the novel takes place in seven days. As the protagonist Pitar leads his band to civilization tension arises between the clan leader Costello and his rival Re. Over the course of the story Pitar invents tools discovers the use of fire and falls in love with Maluma.
 The Bellarosa Connection is a 1989 novel by the American author Saul Bellow. The book takes the form of an ongoing dialogue between the Fonstein family about the impact of the Jewish Holocaust. This is an especially significant story as it represents along with Mr. Sammler's Planet Bellow's most significant commentary on the Holocaust.
 The Hillsboro Star-Journal is a local weekly newspaper for the cities of Hillsboro Kansas Lehigh Durham in the state of Kansas. The paper publishes weekly every Wednesday. It is one of two newspapers in the city the other being the Hillsboro Free Press.
 El Alcázar was a Spanish far-right newspaper founded in 1936. The paper was founded as the principal nationalist mouthpiece during the Siege of the Alcázar in homage to the defenders of the Alcázar of Toledo.During a short period which spanned from 1966 to 1968 the paper opened itself to the more moderate tendencies of the Francoist regime.
 The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 12 November 1962 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in September 1963 under the shorter title of The Mirror Crack'd and with a copyright date of 1962. The UK edition retailed at fifteen shillings (15/-) and the US edition at $3.75.It is set in the fictional English village of St. Mary Mead and features Miss Marple.
 The Santa Barbara News-Press is a broadsheet newspaper based in Santa Barbara California.
 Vea was a Puerto Rican gossip magazine that has been published weekly since from 1968 to 2009.As a periodical that reported on the lives and activities of many of the island's entertainment sports and political personalities the magazine was no stranger to controversy.
 Wolves Eat Dogs is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith set in Russia and Ukraine in the year 2004. It is the fifth novel to feature Investigator Arkady Renko and the first one taking place during the new independent era.
 Dutch Birding is an ornithological magazine published by the Dutch Birding Association. Its editor is Arnoud van den Berg. It was first published in 1979.It has included the article series Trends in Systematics mostly authored by George Sangster which presented and interpreted the results of research findings on taxonomic issues surrounding Western Palearctic birds.Several issues of Dutch Birding have been dedicated to specific themes.
 The Uncomfortable Dead (or Inconvenient Dead) (orig. Spanish Muertos incómodos) is a Mexican novel written in conjunction by guerrilla spokesman Subcomandante Marcos of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation (EZLN) and Mexico City crime writer Paco Ignacio Taibo II. The novel is written in the so-called four hands method in which one author writes a chapter or segment of the novel handing it over to the other author who writes the next chapter or segment in response.
 Red as Blood or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer is a short story collection of dark fantasy retellings of popular fairytales by British author Tanith Lee. Contrary to what the title may suggest it not only includes retellings of fairytales by the Brothers Grimm but also by Charles Perrault Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve or Alexander Afanasyev. The title story was nominated for a Nebula Award and a World Fantasy Award.
 No Man's Nightingale is a novel by crime writer Ruth Rendell published in 2013 featuring her recurring protagonist Inspector Wexford. The novel is the second in which Wexford has appeared after his retirement and on this occasion is called in to consult on a crime by his ex colleague and friend Mike Burden.
 Late Victorian Holocausts: El Niño Famines and the Making of the Third World is a book by Mike Davis about the connection between political economy and global climate patterns particularly El Niño-Southern Oscillation (ENSO). By comparing ENSO episodes in different time periods and across countries Davis explores the impact of colonialism and the introduction of capitalism and the relation with famine in particular.
 Waterless Mountain is a novel by Laura Adams Armer that was awarded the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1932.
 The Nature of Space and Time is a book that documents a debate on physics and the philosophy of physics between the British theoretical physicists Roger Penrose and Stephen Hawking . The book was published by Princeton University Press in 1996. The event that is featured in the book took place in 1994 at the University of Cambridge's Isaac Newton Institute. The debate was modeled on the series of debates between Albert Einstein and Niels Bohr.
 King Matt the First (Polish: Król Maciuś Pierwszy) is a children's novel by Polish author physician and child pedagogue Janusz Korczak. In addition to telling the story of a young king's adventures it describes many social reforms particularly targeting children some of which Korczak enacted in his own orphanage and is a thinly veiled allegory of contemporary and historical events in Poland.
 The Circle (Swedish title Cirkeln) is a Swedish young adult fantasy novel written by Mats Strandberg and Sara Bergmark Elfgren. It is the first part of the Engelsfors trilogy. The novel takes place in a fictional rural town in Bergslagen in central Sweden and follows a group of teenage girls with little in common who discover that they are witches chosen to save the world from an otherwordly evil.
 The New York Evening Mail was an American daily newspaper published in New York City from 1867 to 1877 then titled The New York Mail until 1878 The Mail 1878–79.The paper origins began with the New York Express which was founded by James and Erastus Brooks as a Whig paper in June 1836 and the Daily Advertiser with which it merged in November 1836. It was eventually merged with the Evening Telegram upon being acquired by Frank Munsey from Henry L. Stoddard in January 1924.
 The Book of the Later Han also known as History of the Later Han or Hou Han Shu is a Chinese court document covering the history of the Han Dynasty from 6 to 189 CE. It was compiled by Fan Ye and others in the 5th century during the Liu Song Dynasty using a number of earlier histories and documents as sources.The book is part of early four historiographies of the Twenty-Four Histories canon together with the Records of the Grand Historian Book of Han and Records of the Three Kingdoms.
 Travailleur socialiste ('Socialist Worker') was a French language weekly newspaper published from Pointe-à-Pitre Guadeloupe. Travailleur socialiste was founded in 1934. It was an organ of SFIO. As of 1937 Paul Valentin was the political director of the publication.
 Slade is an early short story (about 5200 words) by Stephen King. In 1970 he originally published it in eight installments in the student newspaper The Maine Campus. It's a Western parody about gunslinger Jack Slade who protects a damsel in distress against some outlaws.
 Journal of Radiological Protection is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering radiobiological research on all aspects of radiological protection including non-ionizing as well as ionizing radiations. It is the official journal of the Society for Radiological Protection and published on their behalf by IOP Publishing. It was established in 1981 as the Journal of the Society for Radiological Protection before obtaining its current name in 1988.
 Etelä-Suomen Sanomat (nickname Etlari) is a Finnish daily newspaper published in Lahti Finland (the title means South Finland News) and the leading paper in its metropolitan area. As of 2009 its daily circulation was 60420. It began publishing in 1914. The paper originated from the prior Lahden Lehti (1900–1909) and Lahden Sanomat (1909–1914) newspapers.
 The Ottumwa Courier (formerly called Ottumwa Daily Courier) is a five-day (Tuesday through Saturday) daily newspaper published in Ottumwa Iowa USA and covering Wapello County Iowa. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. (CNHI).Publishing since 1848 and as a daily newspaper since 1865 the Courier is Ottumwa's oldest business. In 1890 it was the original flagship of A.W. Lee's media company later called Lee Enterprises.
 The San Antonio Current is a free weekly alternative newspaper in San Antonio Texas USA. The Current focuses on investigative journalism political analysis and critical coverage of local music and culture. It also contains extensive and up-to-date event listings for San Antonio. A member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies its style combines tough journalism with humor.
 Betty is a Canadian comic strip written by Gary Delainey and drawn by Gerry Rasmussen. The comic is distributed by United Features Syndicate.
 Time for a Tiger is part one of Anthony Burgess's Malayan Trilogy The Long Day Wanes the first panel of a triptych set in the twilight of British rule of the peninsula.
 Master of the World (French: Maître du monde) published in 1904 is one of the last novels by French pioneer science fiction writer Jules Verne and is a sequel to Robur the Conqueror. At the time Verne wrote the novel his health was failing and Master of the World is a black novel filled with the fear of the coming of tyrants like the novel's villain Robur and totalitarianism.
 The Golden Rendezvous is a novel written by Scottish author Alistair MacLean and was first published in 1962. One of MacLean's most popular works it combines mystery suspense action clever bluffs and double bluffs with MacLean's trademark self-deprecating wit.
 The Hants Journal is a weekly newspaper serving Hants County Nova Scotia. It began publication in 1867 as the Saturday Mail taking the name Hants Journal in 1870. It is the paper of record in Hants County.It has a circulation of under 2500.
 The Bay of Plenty Times is the regional daily paper for the Bay of Plenty area including Tauranga.
 Marshfield Dreams: When I Was a Kid is a memoir written by the American writer poet and educational consultant Ralph Fletcher it covers his life from birth to age thirteen when his family moved from Marshfield Massachusetts to Chicago.
 War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning (ISBN 1586480499) is a 2002 nonfiction book by Pulitzer Prize journalist Chris Hedges. In the book Hedges draws on classical literature and his experiences as a war correspondent to argue that war seduces entire societies creating fictions that the public believes and relies on to continue to support conflicts. He also describes how those who experience war may find it exhilarating and addictive.
 Inquiry was a libertarian magazine published from November 1977 to 1984. It was originally published by the Cato Institute then later transferred to the Libertarian Review Foundation.
 CartaCapital is a weekly Brazilian newsmagazine published in Santana do Parnaíba São Paulo and João Pessoa Paraíba and distributed throughout the country by Editora Confiança. The main focuses of the magazine are politics economy social issues and culture.
 The Long Walk is a dystopian novel by Stephen King published under the pseudonym Richard Bachman in 1979 as a paperback original. It was collected in 1985 in the hardcover omnibus The Bachman Books and has seen several reprints since as both paperback and hardback. Set in a dystopian present the plot revolves around the contestants of a grueling walking contest held annually by a totalitarian version of the United States of America.
 Flight without a tun (ფრენა უკასროდ) is a 2001 Georgian novel by author Miho Mosulishvili.
 The Journal of Contemporary African Studies is an interdisciplinary publication of research and writing in the human sciences which seeks to promote a scholarly understanding of developments and change in Africa.
 Cobra (Japanese: コブラ Hepburn: Kobura) is a Japanese manga comic series written and illustrated by Buichi Terasawa. Set in the far future the series tells the story of Cobra who lives an adventurous life until his enemies begin to hunt him down. Cobra surgically alter his face and erase his own memory to hide from his foes and have a normal life. Eventually he regains his memories and reunites with his former partner Lady Armaroid.
 The Florida Catholic newspaper is the official news organization for four of the seven dioceses in the Ecclesiastical Province of Miami. Based in Orlando FL the newspaper publishes three dioceses 24 times a year. Those editions include local state national and international Catholic news. The Miami Archdiocese edition is published once a month with local content.Other articles discuss faith issues and highlight specific schools ministries or parish activities.
 The Portable Star is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov that appeared in the Winter 1955 issue of Thrilling Wonder Stories. The Portable Star was Asimov's least favorite story.
 What If sometimes rendered as What If...? is a comic book from Marvel Comics which was published in nine series (volumes). The narrative thread of each series is based on an alternative situation to the one established in the mainstream continuity. The characters and events in each series are treated as being independent from the mainstream continuity of the Marvel Universe.
 The General's Daughter is a 1992 novel by Nelson DeMille about a military investigation agent named Paul Brenner who is put in charge of investigating the death of Ann Campbell the daughter of a legendary general.Summary from DeMille's official website:Captain Ann Campbell is a West Point graduate the daughter of legendary General Fighting Joe Campbell.
 The Daily Orange is an independent student newspaper published in Syracuse New York. It is free and published daily during the Syracuse University academic year.It was one of the first college papers to become fully independent from its parent college.
 The Jewish Morning Journal (דער מארגען זשורנאל Yiddish Der Morgen Zshurnal) was a Yiddish-language publication in New York 1901-1971.
 Freedom Rising: Human Empowerment and the Quest for Emancipation is a 2013 book by German Political scientist Christian Welzel Professor for Political culture and Political sociology at Leuphana University Lueneburg and Vice-President of the World Values Survey.
 Hi no Sakana (火の魚? Fish of the Fire) is a Japanese novel by Murō Saisei; it was first published in 1960 and was later adapted into a single episode TV drama that was broadcast on NHK Hiroshima in 2009.
 Formosa Youth (寶島少年 Báodǎo Shàonián lit. Taiwan Teenager) is a weekly Chinese language manga magazine created by Tong Li Publishing for Taiwan. Formosa Youth features various series from the Japanese language manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump. The Formosa Youth magazine translates Weekly Shōnen Jump manga up to date. A sister publication of Formosa Youth is Dragon Youth Comic (龍少年 Lóng Shàonián) which specializes in local manhua.
 Le Réveil juif ('Jewish Awakening') was a French language Revisionist Zionist weekly newspaper published from Sfax Tunisia. Le Réveil juif was founded in September 1924 by Félix Allouche. Issued on Fridays it contained four pages. It was one of the most important Zionist newspapers in North Africa. It was distributed across Tunisia Algeria Morocco and Metropolitan France.
 Things Fall Apart is an English-language novel by Nigerian author Chinua Achebe published in 1958 by William Heinemann Ltd in the UK; in 1962 it was also the first work published in Heinemann's African Writers Series. Things Fall Apart is seen as the archetypal modern African novel in English one of the first to receive global critical acclaim. It is a staple book in schools throughout Africa and is widely read and studied in English-speaking countries around the world.
 France Soir (English: France Evening) was a French daily newspaper that prospered during the 1950s and 1960s reaching a circulation of 1.5 million in the 1950s. It declined rapidly under various owners and was re-launched as a populist tabloid in 2006. However the last copy of France Soir was published on 13 December 2011 and the company went bankrupt on 23 July 2012.
 April Fool's Day is a 1993 novel by Australian author Bryce Courtenay. The book is a tribute to the author's son Damon Courtenay a haemophiliac who contracted HIV/AIDS through an infected blood transfusion. The title refers to the date of Damon's death 1 April 1991 (April Fools' Day).Damon was a classic haemophilliac all his life. He attempted to write this book himself but did not have much success. On his death bed he asked his father to write it for him.
 The Weapon Shops of Isher is a science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt first published in 1951. The novel is a fix-up created from three previously published short stories about the Weapon Shops and Isher civilization: The Seesaw (Analog Science Fiction and Fact July 1941) The Weapon Shop (Analog Science Fiction and Fact December 1942) The Weapon Shops of Isher (Wonder Stories February 1949)
 Untold Tales of Spider-Man is an American comic book series starring Spider-Man published by Marvel Comics for 26 issues (#1-25 and a -1 issue between #s 22 and 23) from September 1995 to October 1997.The comic was part of an experiment for Marvel where they published a number of new titles for only 99 cents in the hope that they would attract new young readers who might have been put off by the then US$1.50/1.95 standard prices for comic books.
 The Nargun and The Stars is a children's fantasy novel set in Australia written by Patricia Wrightson. It was among the first Australian books for children to draw on Australian Aboriginal mythology.
 Sex and the Slayer: A Gender Studies Primer for the Buffy Fan is an academic publication relating to the fictional Buffyverse established by TV series Buffy and Angel.
 The Little Grey Men: A story for the young in heart is a children's fantasy novel written by Denys Watkins-Pitchford under the nom de plume BB and illustrated by the author under his real name. It was first published by Eyre & Spottiswoode in 1942 and it has been reissued several times. Set in the English countryside it features the adventures of four gnomes who may be the last of their race.
 Out of the Cradle Endlessly Rocking is a poem by Walt Whitman.
 The Power Broker: Robert Moses and the Fall of New York is a Pulitzer Prize-winning 1974 biography of Robert Moses New York City's Master Builder by Robert Caro. In the years since its publication and especially since Moses's death in 1981 it has been central to discussion of Moses and the history of 20th-century New York.
 Total! was a video game magazine published in the United Kingdom by Future plc. It was published monthly for 58 issues beginning in December 1991 (cover-dated January 1992) with the last issue bearing the cover-date October 1996. A 1993 Annual featuring reprint material and a poster magazine were also released during the magazine's lifetime.
 Subspace Explorers is a science fiction novel by E. E. Doc Smith. It was first published in 1965 by Canaveral Press in an edition of 1460 copies. The novel is an expansion of Smith's story Subspace Survivors which first appeared in the July 1960 issue of the magazine Astounding.
 Acta Geotechnica is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer. The editor-in-chief is Wei Wu (University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences Vienna). Acta Geotechnica covers fundamental and applied research in geoengineering including mining tunneling dam engineering as well as geohazard geoenvironmental and petroleum engineering. Publishing formats include research papers review articles short notes and letters to the editors.
 On the Bus with Rosa Parks is a poetry book by Rita Dove.
 Vijenac (English: The Wreath) is a biweekly magazine for literature art and science established in December 1993 and published by Matica hrvatska the central national cultural institution in Croatia.
 The Art of Memory is a 1966 non-fiction book by British historian Frances A. Yates. The book follows the history of mnemonic systems from the classical period of Simonides of Ceos in Ancient Greece to the Renaissance era of Giordano Bruno ending with Gottfried Leibniz and the early emergence of the scientific method in the 17th century.
 Choir! (ちょいあ! Choia!) is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga series written and illustrated by Tenpō Gensui which began serialization in Tokuma Shoten's seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Ryū in October 2008. The manga follows the everyday life of three high school girls. The first bound volume was released on May 20 2008 followed by the second volume on August 20 2009.
 El Ibérico is a free newspaper printed and distributed in London England. The newspaper has fortnightly editions and is London's only Spanish language newspaper. Whilst focussing on London's Hispanic community the newspaper prints stories about both the UK and Spain. Like most other free newspaper publications in London it is mainly distributed outside tube stations.
 The Inishowen Independent is a local newspaper in County Donegal Ireland. The paper was launced in March 2007 and is printed on a Thursday. The paper covers the Inishowen peninsula area in the north of the county and competes against the Inish Times and the Inishowen edition of the Derry Journal. The paper is the only paper on the peninsula that is '100% Inishowen owned'.
 Phase Space (subtitled Stories from the Manifold and Elsewhere) is a 2003 science fiction collection by Stephen Baxter containing twenty-three thematically linked stories in which the human relationship with the universe is explored: whether humanity is truly alone in the universe if there are other intelligent species if these have turned their backs on us or if expansion itself is destined to fail.Written in the same style as most of Stephen Baxter's work Phase Space is a collection of more or less scientifically based stories in the tradition of Arthur C. 
 Clear Skies! (毎日晴天！ Mainichi Seiten!) is a Japanese manga series written by Akira Sugano and illustrated by Etsumi Ninomiya. The manga is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing under its Juné imprint which released the first volume on 28 August 2008. It's about four brothers living together when one of the brother's old high school flame turns up and claims that he's married to the brothers' wild older sister who is nowhere to be found bringing his adopted son.
 Stanley is a 1996 play written by English playwright Pam Gems. The play was premiered at the Royal National Theatre's Cottesloe Theatre in London.
 The Reader's Digest Complete Book of Australian Birds is a book first published by Reader’s Digest Services Pty Ltd of Sydney Australia in 1976 and reprinted several times with a completely revised edition issued in 1986.
 For the 1980 television adaptation see To Serve Them All My Days (TV series).To Serve Them All My Days is a novel by British author R. F. Delderfield. First published in 1972 the book was adapted for television in 1980. It has been adapted twice by Shaun McKenna first as a stage play at the Royal Theatre Northampton (Royal & Derngate) in 1992 and again as a 5-part series of 45-minute plays for BBC Radio 4 first broadcast in January 2006.
 The Zeitschrift für die Neutestamentliche Wissenschaft und die Kunde der älteren Kirche (English: Journal for New Testament Studies and the Ancient Church) is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1900. It is published by Walter de Gruyter. The focus of the journal is the historical investigation of early Christianity especially on the New Testament and nascent Christianity through to the Patristic period. The current editor-in-chief is Michael Wolter.
 Clans of the Alphane Moon is a 1964 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. It is based on his 1954 short story Shell Game first published in Galaxy Science Fiction magazine.
 The Enchanter is a novella written by Vladimir Nabokov in Paris in 1939. As Волшебник (Volshebnik) it was his last work of fiction written in Russian. Nabokov never published it during his lifetime. After his death his son Dmitri translated the novella into English in 1986 and it was published the following year. Its original Russian version became available in 1991. The story deals with the hebephilia of the protagonist and thus is linked to and presages the Lolita theme.
 Dice Man was a short-lived British comic which ran for five issues in 1986. It was a spin-off from 2000 AD and was edited by Pat Mills who also wrote almost all of the stories. The stories were designed to be played like gamebooks. Each issue contained two or three such stories and was published every two months.
 The Gillette News-Record is a daily newspaper published in Gillette Wyoming.It was founded in 1904 making it the oldest business in Campbell County. It has a circulation of 7200 copies.Gillette News-Record publishing also circulates an advertisement-only newspaper the Gillette Advertiser.
 The Swords of Lankhmar is a fantasy novel by Fritz Leiber featuring his sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. It is chronologically the fifth volume in the complete seven volume edition of the collected stories devoted to the characters. The book is an expansion of Leiber's earlier novella Scylla's Daughter which originally appeared in the magazine Fantastic Stories of Imagination for May 1961.
 Vulcan's Glory is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by D.C. Fontana.
 The Old Man In the Corner is an unnamed armchair detective who appears in a series of short stories written by Baroness Orczy. He examines and solves crimes while sitting in the corner of a genteel London tea-room in conversation with a female journalist. He was one of the first of this character-type created in the wake of the huge popularity of the Sherlock Holmes stories. The character's moniker is used as the title of the collection of the earliest stories featuring the character.
 Transformers: Movie Prequel published by IDW Publishing is a 2007 comic book limited series that serves as a prequel to the 2007 film Transformers. It is written by Simon Furman and IDW editor-in-chief Chris Ryall who was allowed to read the film's script and penciled by artist Don Figueroa. Transformers: Movie Adaptation a 4 issue adaptation of the film itself was released weekly throughout the month of June in the run up to the film's release.
 Ethan of Athos is an English language science fiction novel that is part of the Vorkosigan Saga by American author Lois McMaster Bujold. It is an unusual item in the series in that it does not feature Miles Vorkosigan the protagonist of almost all the other books. It appears in the 2001 omnibus Miles Mystery and Mayhem.The name Athos for the main character's planet may be a reference to Mount Athos in Greece.
 With Folded Hands ... is a 1947 science fiction novelette by Jack Williamson (1908–2006).
 Bon-Bon is a comedic short story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in December 1832 in the Philadelphia Saturday Courier. Originally called The Bargain Lost the story follows a man named Pierre Bon-Bon who believes himself a profound philosopher and his encounter with the devil. The humor of the story is based on the verbal interchange between the two which satirizes classical philosophers including Plato and Aristotle.
 Skinner's Rules is a 1993 novel by Quintin Jardine. It is the first of the Bob Skinner novels.
 Media Piracy in Emerging Economies is a report released by the Social Science Research Council in 2011. It contents that “high prices for media goods low incomes and cheap digital technologies are the main ingredients of global media piracy. If piracy is ubiquitous in most parts of the world it is because these conditions are ubiquitous.”
 The Grande Prairie Daily Herald-Tribune or the Daily Herald-Tribune is a daily newspaper published in Grande Prairie Alberta Canada.The paper is owned by Quebecor through the Sun Media Corporation which also owns the daily Calgary Sun Edmonton Sun and Fort McMurray Today and several weekly newspapers throughout Alberta.
 Noah's Brother is a children's novel by British author Dick King-Smith first published in 1985.
 ...But I'm Your Teacher (生徒の主張 教師の本分 Seito no Shucho Kyoshi no Honbun) is a yaoi manga series written and illustrated by Row Takakura. Based on a book by Yoshino Somei the series ran for seven issues of Be x Boy in 1997.[citation needed] The seven individual chapters were published as a single tankōbon volume in July 2001 by Biblos then reprinted in March 2007 by Enterbrain which had assumed the license.
 Evidences and Reconciliations: Aids to Faith in a Modern Day is a Mormon apologetic book by John A. Widtsoe. Originally published in 1943 by Bookcraft the book was a reprint of Widtsoe's column of the same name which regularly appeared in Improvement Era an official magazine of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
 Centauri Dawn is the first book in the trilogy novelization of the popular computer game Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri.
 Homecoming is an Off-Broadway one-person show by Lauren Weedman that premiered at Westside Theatre on September 10 2001. Following the September 11 attacks Weedman announced that the show would be postponed till January 21 2002 with the venue changed to the Arclight Theatre.
 The Pirates of Pompeii is a children's historical novel set in Roman times by Caroline Lawrence. The novel is the third in the Roman Mysteries series.
 The India Way: How India’s Top Business Leaders Are Revolutionizing Management is published by the Harvard Business Press. It's a non-fictional book written by Peter Cappelli Harbir Singh Jitendra Singh and Michael Useem of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. The book was released in the U.S. on March 23 2010 and was released in India in May 2010. The India Way primarily focuses on the contrast in business management styles between the U.S. and India.
 Sky Ape is a titular character of a black-and-white comic book series. He is an ape who wears a jetpack and fights crime.
 Al-Mushahid Al-riyadiya is a newspaper in Sudan.
 The Case for Animal Rights is a 1983 book by the American philosopher Tom Regan and a canonical text within animal rights theory. The book argues that at least some kinds of non-human animals have moral rights because they are the subjects-of-a-life and that these rights adhere to them whether or not they are recognized.
 Darker than Amber (1966) is the seventh novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot begins with McGee and his close friend Meyer are fishing underneath a bridge and a young woman bound and weighted is thrown over the bridge. It was also adapted into a 1970 film of the same name.
 Sarah: Women of Genesis (2000) is the first novel in The Women of Genesis series by Orson Scott Card.
 The Office of Mercy is a 2013 dystopian science fiction novel written by Ariel Djanikian.
 Teaching Sociology (TS) is an quarterly (January April July October) academic journal in the field of sociology. It has been published since 1973 by American Sociological Association. The journal's goal is to publicize both theoretical and practical information useful for professionals teaching sociology courses.Teaching Sociology publishes full-length articles notes of 10 pages or less and reviews of various media.
 The Return of Nathan Brazil is the fourth book in the Well of Souls series by American author Jack L. Chalker.
 Hostile Waters (ISBN 0312966121) is a 1997 nonfiction book by Peter Huchthausen Igor Kurdin and R. Alan White that describes the 1986 loss of the Soviet submarine K-219 off Bermuda.With a foreword by the renowned writer Tom Clancy it begins with a note to the reader:The ordeal of the K-219 took place at the very height of the cold war.Much of its story is still shrouded in secrecy.
 The Prague Cemetery (Italian: Il cimitero di Praga) is the sixth novel by Italian author Umberto Eco. It was first published in October 2010; the English translation by Richard Dixon appeared a year later. Shortlisted for the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize in 2012 it has been described as Eco's best novel since The Name of the Rose.
 Torso is a true crime comic book limited series written by Brian Michael Bendis and Marc Andreyko with art and lettering by Brian Michael Bendis. It is based on the true story of the Cleveland Torso Murderer.
 A Doll's House (Norwegian: Et dukkehjem; also translated as A Doll House) is a three-act play in prose by Henrik Ibsen. It premiered at the Royal Theatre in Copenhagen Denmark on 21 December 1879 having been published earlier that month.The play is significant for its critical attitude toward 19th century marriage norms. It aroused great controversy at the time as it concludes with the protagonist Nora leaving her husband and children because she wants to discover herself.
 Kākā Vidura (Hindi: काका विदुर) is a Hindi minor poem composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950–) in the year 1980. It consists of 108 verses in Kavitta and Savaiya metres. The poem revolves around the characters of Vidura and his wife Sulabha from the Mahabharata.
 Pandaemonium is Christopher Brookmyre's thirteenth novel. It was published in the United Kingdom on 13 August 2009.
 denim delinquent was an influential rock and roll fanzine of seven issues in total published from 1971 to 1976. The zine began as a launching pad for the writing of Jymn Parrett and Mark Jones in Ottawa Ontario. After the first two Ottawa-based issues subsequent denim delinquents were published out of Los Angeles by Jymn and Dee Parrett. The content of these issues included articles about music groups playing the Sunset Strip including the Whisky a Go Go.
 Use of Weapons is a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks first published in 1990 as the third novel in the Culture series.
 Yoga Journal is an American media company that publishes a magazine a website DVDs tablet editions and puts on conferences devoted to yoga food and nutrition fitness wellness and fashion and beauty.
 Mosses from an Old Manse was a short story collection by Nathaniel Hawthorne first published in 1846.
 The Last One Left (1966) is a mystery novel by John D. MacDonald. The story largely takes place in southern Florida and the Bahamas and is similar to many of the author's Travis McGee stories. The book is in fact dedicated to McGee who lent invaluable support and encouragement and a named runabout motorboat later appears in the McGee novel Pale Gray for Guilt. It was originally published in 1967 appearing in paperback by Fawcett (reprinted 1981) and in hardcover by Doubleday.
 The Revolt of Aphrodite consists of two novels by British writer Lawrence Durrell published in 1968 and 1970. The individual volumes Tunc and Nunquam were less successful that his earlier The Alexandria Quartet in part because they deviate significantly from his earlier style and because they approach more openly political and ideological problems.Critical responses to the work has varied.
 A Day in the Death of Joe Egg is a 1967 play by the English playwright Peter Nichols first staged at the Citizens Theatre in Glasgow Scotland before transferring to London's West End theatres in 1968.
 Little Pilgrim (Korean: 화엄경) is a novel by the South Korean writer Ko Un. It is based on the character Sudhana from the Avatamsaka Sutra and the narrative consists of 53 encounters between the boy and various teachers. Ko began to have the chapters published in 1969 and the finished work was first published in book form in 1991. It was published in English in 2005.
 Measle and the Mallockee is a children's novel written by Ian Ogilvy and illustrated by Chris Mould. It is the third book in the Measle Stubbs series. The novel was first published in 2005 by OUP in the UK and Harper Collins in the US.
 Dragon Wing (1990) is the first novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman in their Death Gate Cycle series.Following the Rose of the Prophet trilogy Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman embarked on an ambitious seven-volume series that began with Dragon Wing. As described by the publisher Preeminent storytellers Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman have redefined epic fantasy.
 The Zeitschrift für Naturforschung (English: Journal for Nature Research) was a peer-reviewed monthly academic journal which was established by Kaiser Wilhelm Institute scientists in 1946. It published original German-language research manuscripts from the fields of chemistry physics and the biosciences.
 The Confusions of Pleasure: Commerce and Culture in Ming China is an influential and frequently cited book which explores the economic and cultural history and the influence of economic change on social and cultural life in China during the Ming Dynasty which lasted from 1368 to 1644.The book is written by Timothy Brook a distinguished Canadian historian who specializes in the study of China (Sinology).
 The Wives of Bath is a novel by Susan Swan inspired by her own childhood experiences at Havergal College in Toronto Canada.
 The Making of Robert E. Lee by Michael Fellman is a biography of the famous Confederate general. It looks mostly at his character and beliefs. It says relatively little about the details of particular battles though it speculates about why he may have made particular choices.
 The Talented Mr. Ripley is a 1955 psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith. This novel first introduced the character of Tom Ripley who returns in the novels Ripley Under Ground Ripley's Game The Boy Who Followed Ripley and Ripley Under Water. The five novels are known collectively as the Ripliad.
 The Last Uniform (最後の制服 Saigo no Seifuku) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mera Hakamada. The series was first serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Carat on February 24 2007 published by Houbunsha but later had concurrent serialization in the magazine Manga Time Kirara Max between May 24 2004 to August 29 2005 published by the same company. The manga concluded on September 24 2006 and three tankōbon volumes were published.
 The Journal of Number Theory is a mathematics journal that publishes a broad spectrum of original research in number theory. The journal was established in 1969 by R.P. Bambah P. Roquette A. Ross A. Woods and H. Zassenhaus at Ohio State University. It is currently published monthly by Elsevier with 6 volumes per year. The editor-in-chief is David Goss (Ohio State University).
 The Golden Sword published in 1977 is the second title of the High Couch of Silistra series by Janet Morris.
 The Woman Who Had Two Navels is a 1961 historical novel by Nick Joaquin a National Artist for Literature and leading English-language writer from the Philippines. It is considered a classic in Philippine literature. It was the recipient of the first Harry Stonehill award. It tells the story of a Filipino elite woman who is hallucinating and is preoccupied with the notion that she has two navels or belly buttons in order to be treated as an extraordinary person.
 Physicist and Christian: A dialogue between the communities (1961) is a book by William G. Pollard. Much of the attention given to the book such as its review in Time magazine has been attributed to the fact that Pollard was not only a well-respected physicist but also an Anglican priest. The book deliberately avoids specific subject matter differences focusing on religion and science both as human communities.
 Expert or Ekspert magazine (Russian: Журнал Эксперт) is a Russian weekly business magazine established in 1995 in Moscow by a group of editors and journalists who departed from Kommersant publishing house. It covers economics and finance Russian business international business politics science and technology culture and arts. It also features a books and market indicators sections. Currently it is part of Expert Group a media conference and research business based in Moscow.
 Nodame Cantabile (Japanese: のだめカンタービレ Hepburn: Nodame Kantābire) is a manga by Tomoko Ninomiya. It was serialized in Japan by Kodansha in the magazine Kiss from July 2001 to October 2009 and collected in 23 tankōbon volumes. A two-volume sequel called Nodame Cantabile: Opera Chapter which began serialization in the 10 December 2009 issue of Kiss was released in 2010.[citation needed] It is licensed in North America by Del Rey Manga.
 The Oldie is a monthly magazine launched in 1992 by Richard Ingrams who for 23 years was the editor of Private Eye. It carries general-interest articles humour and cartoons and has an eclectic list of contributors including James Le Fanu John Sweeney Thomas Stuttaford Virginia Ironside Melanie McDonagh and Raymond Briggs.
 Talents and Admirers (Talanty y poklonniki Russian: Таланты и поклонники) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky premiered on December 20 1881 in Maly Theatre. The author started working upon this 4-act comedy in August 1881 and finished it on December 6 of the same year.
 A Place of Safety is a crime novel by Caroline Graham the sixth in her popular Chief Inspector Barnaby series which has been adapted into the successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders.
 Moldavskie Vedomosti (English: Moldovan News) is a newspaper from Chişinău the Republic of Moldova founded by Dumitru Ciubaşenco in 1995.
 Our Kind of Traitor is a novel published in 2010 by the British novelist John le Carré about a Russian money launderer seeking to defect to the UK after a close friend of his had been killed by the new leadership of his own criminal brotherhood.
 Prince of Chaos is the final book in the Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny.
 Survivor is a satirical novel by Chuck Palahniuk first published in February 1999. The book tells the story of Tender Branson a member of the Creedish Church a death cult. The chapters and pages are numbered backwards in the book beginning with Chapter 47 on page 289 and ending with page 1 of Chapter 1.
 The Christmas Princess is a children's play comedy written by Arthur M. Jolly. It opened off-Broadway in December 2005 at The Coop Theatre Company in Los Angeles and is published by YouthPlaysInc. The play was written as a modern fairytale blending elements of the western European Brothers Grimm fairy tale and Japanese folklore.The Christmas Princess is a popular choice for school drama programs and community theatre groups.
 Another City Not My Own is a 1997 novel by Dominick Dunne. The roman à clef subtitled A Novel in the Form of a Memoir was inspired by Dunne's experiences in Los Angeles while covering the O.J. Simpson murder trial for Vanity Fair.The hardcover edition (ISBN 0-609-60100-8) was released by Crown Publishers. The paperback (ISBN 0-517-3613-96) was published by Random House in February 1999.
 Hyenas: a Hap and Leonard Novella is a novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It is the tenth book in the Hap and Leonard series of works by Mr. Lansdale.
 Beyond the Wall of Sleep is a collection of fantasy horror and science fiction short stories poems and essays by American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1943 and was the second collection of Lovecraft's work published by Arkham House. 1217 copies were printed. The volume is named for the Lovecraft short story Beyond the Wall of Sleep.The stories for this volume were selected by August Derleth and Donald Wandrei.
 Daphne in Cottage D is a 1967 play which starred Sandy Dennis during its initial run.
 El Tiempo is a Honduran newspaper. It is owned by Jaime Rosenthal.
 The Tower of Babble: Sins Secrets and Successes inside the CBC is a Canadian non-fiction book written by Richard Stursberg. The book is a memoir detailing Stursberg's experience as the vice-president in charge of English services at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) between October 2004 and August 2010.
 Amazones d'Hier Lesbiennes d'Aujourd'hui (AHLA) (Amazons of Yesterday Lesbians of Today) is the name of a quarterly French language magazine published starting 1982 by a lesbian collective in Montreal Quebec made of Louise Turcotte Danielle Charest Genette Bergeron and Ariane Brunet.AHLA was written from a radical lesbian (Lesbiennes radicales) perspective and aimed to offer analysis and reflection about political and philosophical issues affecting lesbians globally as well as in Quebec.The magazine's content drew heavily from francophone material feminism and the ideas of French theorists Monique Wittig and Nicole-Claude Mathieu. 
 Mudbound is the award-winning debut novel by American author Hillary Jordan published in March 2008. It has been translated into French Italian Serbian Norwegian Swedish and Turkish and has sold more than 250000 copies worldwide. The novel took Jordan seven years to write she started it while studying for an MFA in Creative Writing from Columbia University.
 The Phantom of Pine Hill is the forty-second volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1965 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 The King's Orchard is an historical novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) based upon the life of James O'Hara (1752?–1819) an American industrialist.Set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the early years of the American republic it is the fictionalized biography of O'Hara who came to America shortly before the American Revolution from Ireland in 1772 to find adventure and fortune on the Indian frontier. He became a trader soldier and industrialist.
 The Journal of Obstetric Gynecologic & Neonatal Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal in the fields of obstetrical nursing women's health nursing and neonatal nursing. It is the official publication of the Association of Women's Health Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses.
 Death Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published ten times a year by Routledge. It focuses on issues related to death bereavement and suicide.
 The Journal of Evolutionary Biology is a scientific journal in the field of evolutionary biology published by Blackwell Publishing on behalf of the European Society for Evolutionary Biology. Delayed open access is available 2 years after publication.The founding editor was Stephen C. Stearns.
 I am the Great Horse is a general fiction novel by Katherine Roberts published in August 2006 by The Chicken House and aimed at teens.
 The Wind's Twelve Quarters is a collection of short stories by Ursula K. Le Guin named after a line from A.E. Housman's A Shropshire Lad and first published by Harper & Row in 1975.
 The Journal of the History of Sexuality is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1990 and published by the University of Texas Press.
 The Client (1993) is a legal thriller written by American author John Grisham set mostly in Memphis Tennessee and New Orleans Louisiana. It is Grisham's fourth novel.
 South Park and Philosophy: Bigger Longer and More Penetrating is a non-fiction book analyzing the philosophy and popular culture effects of South Park published by Open Court. The book is edited by Richard Hanley.
 The Wizard and the Witch is a children’s fantasy book written by Jean Ure. It is the final book of The Wizard trilogy.
 IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Communications Society and the IEEE Signal Processing Society. It covers new techniques concepts experiments and applications concerning all areas of wireless communications. It was established in 2002 and the editor-in-chief is Chengshan Xiao (Missouri University of Science and Technology). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.418.
 Skellig is a children's novel by the British author David Almond published by Hodder in 1998. It was the Whitbread Children's Book of the Year and it won the Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's outstanding children's book by a British author. In the U.S. it was a runner up for the Michael L. Printz Award which recognizes one young-adult fiction annually.
 Vampirates: Demons of the Ocean is a novel by British author Justin Somper about two children who get separated at sea and are picked up by two very different ships.
 Understanding Islam through Hadis is a book by Ram Swarup first published in 1982 in the USA. It was eventually banned in India.The book is a study based on the English translation by Abdul Hamid Siddiqi of the Sahih Muslim the second most important collection of Hadiths. Ram Swarup claims in the foreword that we have quoted extensively and faithfully from it.
 Commodore User known to the readers as the abbreviated CU was one of the oldest British Commodore magazines. A publishing history spanning over 15 years mixing content with technical and games features. Incorporating Vic Computing in 1983 by publishers EMAP the magazine's focus moved to the emerging Commodore 64 before introducing Amiga coverage in 1986 paving the way for Amiga's dominance and a title change to CU Amiga in 1990.
 Textile Research Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Materials Science. The journal's editor is Dong Zhang (Textile Research Associates). It has been in publication since 1931 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Ziua (The Day in Romanian) was a major Romanian daily newspaper published in Bucharest. It was published in Romanian with a fairly sizeable and often informative English section. Ziua was founded in 1994 by Sorin Roşca Stănescu eventually becoming foreign-owned.
 New Delhi Times is a weekly newspaper started by Dr. Govind Narain Srivastava in 1995. The newspaper is also printed in English and Hindi on weekly basis. Its headquarters are based in New Delhi with printing presses in Gurgaon and Noida. In 1995 the print run was 45000 for English and 32000 for Hindi. In 2013 it is estimated that the print run is 145000 for English and 97000 for Hindi. The website viewers are estimated to be more than 1million per month.
 Last Man In Tower is a 2011 novel by Indian writer Aravind Adiga. Published by HarperCollins India it was the third published novel by Adiga. It tells the story of a struggle for a slice of shining Mumbai real estate. The protagonist of the novel is a retired schoolteacher named Yogesh A. Murthy who is affectionately known as Masterji.A prominent builder offers to buy out the entire apartment block. All of the occupants agree except for Masterji.
 The Burning Court (1937) is a famous locked room mystery by John Dickson Carr. However it contains neither Gideon Fell nor Henry Merrivale Carr's two major detectives. It was published in the United States and was highly controversial upon its first printing due to its unorthodox ending. Today it is hailed as Carr's best non-series novel.
 Makes Me Wanna Holler: A Young Black Man in America (1994) is an autobiographical and debut book by Nathan McCall.
 The Devil's Wind is a historical novel by Manohar Malgonkar that tells the story of Nana Saheb the heir of the last Peshwa of the Maratha Confederacy who played a leading role in the Indian Mutiny. It provides a sympathetic portrait of a man whom the British portrayed as a great villain and is based on historical sources as far as possible. The book is written as an autobiography in which Nana Saheb describes his life in his own words.
 Australasian Plant Pathology is a peer-reviewed international journal that publishes original research and critical reviews on phytopathology in the Australasian region. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media in cooperation with the Australian Plant Pathology Society.The journal began in 1972 as the APPS Newsletter. In 1978 it was renamed A.P.P. Australasian Plant Pathology and in 1984 it adopted its current name. As of early 2007 there have been 36 volumes at six issues per year.
 Classification des dialectes arméniens (Classification of Armenian dialects) is a 1909 book by the Armenian linguist Hrachia Adjarian published in Paris. It is Adjarian's translation into French of his original work Հայ Բարբառագիտութիւն (Armenian Dialectology) which was later published as a book in 1911 in Moscow and New Nakhichevan.
 Life of Galileo (German: Leben des Galilei) also known as Galileo is a play by the twentieth-century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht with incidental music by Hanns Eisler. The first version of the play was written between 1938 and 1939; the second (or 'American') version was written between 1945–1947 in collaboration with Charles Laughton. The play received its first theatrical production (in German) at the Zurich Schauspielhaus opening on 9 September 1943.
 Yangcheng Evening News (simplified Chinese: 羊城晚报; traditional Chinese: 羊城晚報; pinyin: Yángchéng Wǎnbào) is a Chinese newspaper in the Standard Chinese language national unified publication number CN44-0006 in Guangzhou Guangdong China.
 Back Home is a children's historical novel by Michelle Magorian first published in 1984. The novel was adapted into a TV drama Back Home (1990) starring Hayley Mills and Haley Carr and again in 2001 starring Sarah Lancashire Stephanie Cole and Jessica Fox.
 Road Rage is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell. It features her popular protagonist Inspector Wexford and is the 17th entry in the series. The novel's main themes are the environment and environmental activism.
 The Diothas; or A Far Look Ahead is a 1883 utopian novel written by John Macnie and published using the pseudonym Ismar Thiusen. The Diothas has been called perhaps the second most important American nineteenth-century ideal society after Edward Bellamy's Looking Backward (1888).
 Der Esperantist (German pronunciation: [deːɐ ˈʃperantist] The Esperantist) was from 1965 to 1990 the official newsletter of the East German Esperanto movement.After organizing the Esperanto movement in the former East Germany under the aegis of the quasi-governmental Cultural Association (Kulturbund) the new Centra Laborrondo de Esperanto-Amikoj (Central Workers' Circle of Friends of Esperanto) began publishing the bilingual Der Esperantist in the A5 format.Over the years the Esperanto-language content increased and the number of German articles declined. 
 The Journal of Popular Culture (JPC) is a peer-reviewed academic journal and the official publication of the Popular Culture Association. The organization holds national conference annually usually within the continental United States with the American Culture Association. There are also several regional conferences held annually.The Journal of Popular Culture publishes academic essays on all aspects of popular or mass culture.
 Blind Alley is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the March 1945 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and later included in the collection The Early Asimov (1972). Although the story postulates a race of intelligent non-humans it is set in the Foundation universe during the era of Trantor's Galactic Empire.
 Dexter Bexley and the Big Blue Beastie is a children's picture book by Joel Stewart published in 2007. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Bronze Award.
 Piercing is a novel by Ryu Murakami. Originally published in Japanese in 1994 it was translated and published in English by Bloomsbury Publishing in 2008.
 Intelligence Online formerly Intelligence Newsletter is a specialist publication for the government and corporate intelligence sectors. It has been published fortnightly by the Paris-based news group Indigo Publications since 1980. Intelligence Online reports on and analyses secret diplomacy parallel operations and conflicts around the world focusing on the role of government intelligence agencies corporate intelligence firms and lobby groups.
 No Reservations: Around the World on an Empty Stomach is a book by Anthony Bourdain and a companion to the television show of the same name. The book serves as a scrap book of the previous three seasons of the television show and has extensive photographs of Bourdain and his crew at work filming the series.
 I Am Not A Serial Killer is a 2009 thriller novel written by Dan Wells. It is the first installment in the John Wayne Cleaver trilogy. Its sequel Mr. Monster was released in 2010 in the UK. The third installment I Don't Want To Kill You was released in January 2011 in the UK.
 Sons of Azca is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game (Hollow World setting) published in 1991.
 Sunday Sport is a British tabloid newspaper published by Sport Newspapers which was established in 1986. It prints plainly ludicrous stories such as a double-decker London bus being found frozen in the Antarctic ice or a World War II bomber found on the moon. Defenders of the paper pointed out that it was not intended to be taken seriously. Its controversial content also includes a high quotient of softcore female nudity and extensive advertising for sexual services.
 Wiener is a German language monthly men's magazine published in Vienna Austria.
 Wizards Presents: Races and Classes is an accessory released as a preview for the 4th edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 2007.
 The Edge is a young adult novel by Alan Gibbons published in 2002. The novel features the young Danny Mangam as he battles his mixed race as he escapes with his mother from his abusive stepfather. It was shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal.
 Doktor Faust und Mephisto is a 2013 novel by German novelist Albrecht Behmel; it is a modernist take on the medieval German drama about a scholar who promised and sold his soul to the Devil in exchange for wisdom lust and power. The novel picks up some central plot points and elements from Goethe e.g. the feast at Mt. Blocksberg and the Grete character but differs from the this 1808 play in that it has a happy ending.
 The Foundling is a Regency romance novel written by Georgette Heyer.
 The Quest for Cush also known as Imaro II: The Quest for Cush is a sword and sorcery novel written by Charles R. Saunders and published by DAW Books in 1984. The Quest for Cush was the second book in the original Imaro Trilogy.
 Child of the Hunt is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Switchers is the first book of the Switchers Trilogy by Kate Thompson. Originally published in Ireland in 1994 it was first published in Great Britain by The Bodley Head in 1997. It introduces Tess and Kevin the two main characters of the series.
 Developmental Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal. It was established in 1959 and is the official journal of the Society for Developmental Biology. It publishes research on the mechanisms of development differentiation and growth in animals and plants at the molecular cellular and genetic levels. The journal is published twice a month by Elsevier.
 National Journal is an American magazine that reports on the current political environment and emerging political and policy trends. National Journal was first published in 1969. Times Mirror owned the magazine from 1986 to 1997 when it was purchased by David G. Bradley. It is now along with The Hotline part of National Journal Group a division of Atlantic Media Company.The magazine was established in 1969 by Thomas N.
 PiQ /ˈpiːk/ was a short-lived American popular culture magazine that was published by PiQ LLC a subsidiary of A.D. Vision from March through July 2008. Launched as a replacement for the magazine Newtype USA which was discontinued in February 2008 PiQ went beyond anime and manga to include coverage on video games popular American comics and television series.
 Sideways Arithmetic From Wayside School is a children's novel by Louis Sachar in the Sideways Stories From Wayside School series. The book primarily contains mathematical and logical puzzles for the reader to solve.
 The Paperboy is a 1995 novel published by American author Pete Dexter.
 Danny Dunn and the Anti-Gravity Paint is the first novel in the Danny Dunn series of juvenile science fiction/adventure books written by Raymond Abrashkin and Jay Williams. The book was first published in 1956 and originally illustrated by Ezra Jack Keats.
 Primera Hora is a newspaper based in Guaynabo Puerto Rico and distributed daily throughout the island.The newspaper is characterized by its light format and easy reading. Its tagline is Easy to read.
 The No Asshole Rule: Building a Civilized Workplace and Surviving One That Isn't is a book by Stanford professor Robert I. Sutton based on a popular essay he wrote for the Harvard Business Review. It sold over 115000 copies and won the Quill Award for best business book in 2007.The theme of this book is that bullying behaviour in the workplace worsens morale and productivity. A rule is suggested to screen out the toxic staff—the no asshole rule.
 The Vespertine is a young adult historical fiction romance novel by Saundra Mitchell. It follows the romantic journey of Amelia van den Broek while she develops her startling new ability to see into the future.
 Londonistan: How Britain is Creating a Terror State Within is a 2006 best-selling book by the British journalist Melanie Phillips about the spread of Islamism in the United Kingdom over the previous twenty years.
 Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Acts of War is a technothriller by Tom Clancy
 The Brave Cowboy (1956) was Edward Abbey's second published novel as detailed in James M. Cahalan's biography of Abbey. The first-edition of the book is considered the rarest of Abbey's eight novels. There was only one printing of 5000 copies and many of them have not survived. One online rare book dealer shows copies of the first U.S.
 Busybody Nora is a children's book written and illustrated by Johanna Hurwitz. It was first published in 1976.Busybody Nora was Hurwitz's first library book provided as a chapter book to help children of the book's reading age. On Accelerated Reader the level of the story was 4.1 (blue color) and had access of practice tests. It became one of the most popular children's library books ever
 Adhalinaal Kaadhal Seiveer (English: Therefore fall in love) is a novel by Sujatha Rangarajan.
 Professional Tool & Equipment News (PTEN) is a tool and equipment magazine for automotive repair technicians shop owners repair shop managers mechanics shop foreman and estimators. The catalog-style magazine covers new tools and equipment in auto repair through new product releases tool reviews and literature guides. PTEN is issued 10 times per year. The magazine is a part of Cygnus Business Media.
 Footprints Under The Window is Volume 12 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate in 1933 purportedly by Leslie McFarlane; however the writing style is noticeably different from other books in the series known to have been written by McFarlane.
 Manliness is a book by Harvey C. Mansfield first published by Yale University Press in 2006. Mansfield is a professor of government at Harvard University. In this book he defines manliness as confidence in a situation of risk and suggests this quality is currently undervalued in Western society.He suggests the quality is more common in men than in women but doesn't strictly exclude women for example he names Margaret Thatcher.
 The News-Herald is a newspaper serving the Downriver area south of Detroit. It is based in Southgate Michigan and owned by the 21st Century Newspapers.The newspaper is published every Wednesday and Sunday.
 Night Frost is a novel by R. D. Wingfield in the popular series featuring Detective Inspector Jack Frost coarse crude slapdash – and holder of the George Cross. The novel was filmed for the ITV detective series A Touch of Frost.
 Passion: An Essay on Personality is a philosophical inquiry into human nature by philosopher and politician Roberto Mangabeira Unger. The book explores the individual and his relation to society asking how one comes to an understanding of self and others. Unger here sees the root human predicament as the need to establish oneself as a unique individual in the world but at the same time to find commonality and solidarity with others.
 Molecular Vision is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal that covers the molecular and cellular biology and genetics of the cortical and ocular visual systems.
 Categories for the Working Mathematician is a textbook in category theory written by American mathematician Saunders Mac Lane who cofounded the subject together with Samuel Eilenberg. It was first published in 1971 and is based on his lectures on the subject given at the University of Chicago the Australian National University Bowdoin College and Tulane University. It is widely regarded as the premier introduction to the subject.
 Who's Who in Scotland (2013: ISBN 978-0-9565748-6-2) is an annual biographical dictionary published since 1986 by Carrick Media.
 The Conquest of Bread (French: La Conquête du Pain) (Russian: Хлеб и воля) is a book by the anarchist communist Peter Kropotkin. Originally written in French it first appeared as a series of articles in the anarchist journals Le Révolté and La Révolte (both edited by Kropotkin). It was first published as a book in Paris in 1892 with a preface by Élisée Reclus who also suggested the title.
 The Science of Mind is a book by Ernest Holmes. It proposes a science with a new relationship between humans and God. Holmes the founder of Religious Science originally published it in 1926. A revised version was completed by Holmes and Maude Allison Lathem and published in 1938.Holmes' writing details how people can actively engage their mind in creating change throughout their lives.
 The Dermatology Online Journal is a monthly open-access peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1995 by Arthur Huntley (Department of Dermatology University of California Davis). It is published by the California Digital Library and covers all aspects of general dermatology. The journal is indexed and abstracted in MEDLINE.
 Li'l Folks the first comic strip by Peanuts creator Charles M. Schulz was a weekly panel that appeared mainly in Schulz's hometown paper the St. Paul Pioneer Press from June 22 1947 to January 22 1950. The first two panels ran in the Minneapolis Tribune.
 A Child of Sorrow is a 1921 novel by Zoilo Galang. It is considered the first Philippine novel written in the English. Critics have suggested that the novel was heavily influenced by the sentimentalism of the Tagalog prose narratives of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
 The Last Dive: A Father and Son's Fatal Descent into the Ocean's Depths is a non-fiction book written by diver Bernie Chowdhury and published by Harper Collins. It documents the fatal dive of Chris and Chrisy Rouse a father-son team who perished off the New Jersey coast in 1992. The author is a dive expert and was a friend of the Rouses.The divers were exploring a German U-boat in 230 feet of water off the coast of New Jersey.
 Between Two Waves is a play by Australian playwright Ian Meadows. It was first produced by Griffin Theatre Company in 2012 and published by Currency Press in the same year.
 Ritual and Domestic Life in Prehistoric Europe is a book by the English archaeologist Richard Bradley of the University of Reading. It was first published by Routledge in 2005.Bradley questions whether a distinction can be drawn between ritual and non-ritual behaviour in prehistoric Europe citing ethnographic comparisons and archaeological examples to suggest that ritualised activities were a part of domestic life and agriculture.
 A Certain Woman (或る女 Aru Onna) is the English translation of the name a Japanese novel by Arishima Takeo published in 1919. The first half of the novel first appeared in serialized form in the literary magazine Shirakaba  starting from January 1911 and running for 16 episodes to March 1913.
 Punisher (1995 series) is the third eponymous comic book series starring the fictional Marvel Comics vigilante the Punisher. The series begins with Frank Castle on death row for the murder of Nick Fury with the mafia staging Castle's electrocution in order to recruit him into their rankings which he eventually accepts. Throughout the series he is later betrayed by the mob boss and survived numerous attempts on his life.
 Balerina balerina is a novel by Slovenian author Marko Sosič. It was first published in 1997.
 The Globalization of World Politics: An Introduction to International Relations is a book by John Baylis Patricia Owens and Steve Smith.
 European Union Politics (EUP) is a peer-reviewed academic journal for research and scholarship on the processes of government politics and policy in the European Union. The journal was established in 2000. Its founding editor Gerald Schneider (University of Konstanz Germany) continues to serve as the Executive Editor. EUP is published on a quarterly basis in March June September and December by Sage Publications.
 A Stranger in Tibet is the story of Ekai Kawaguchi and his travels in Tibet and Nepal at the turn of the 20th century. Kawaguchi a Zen Buddhist monk was the first Japanese explorer to enter Nepal in 1897 and Tibet in 1900. His goal was to find ancient copies of sanskrit documents related to Buddhism. Since Tibet was closed to foreigners at that time Kawaguchi travelled disguised as a Chinese monk.
 CS4FN (Computer Science for Fun) is a UK-based magazine on computer science aimed at school students. It is produced by Paul Curzon Peter McOwan and Gabriella Kazai at the School of Electronic Engineering and Computer Science Queen Mary University of London England with support from the EPSRC. The magazine is also supported by the British Computer Society Microsoft ARM and Intel. It is printed twice a year and has an associated website with additional articles.
 Big League is the official magazine of the National Rugby League. Its predecessor The Rugby League News was first published in 1920; in 1974 it was rebranded as Big League.The magazine serves as a game-day program containing team line-ups stats and feature stories. It goes on sale every Thursday at newsagents and exclusively at all active NRL grounds on weekends.
 The Practice of Programming (ISBN 0-201-61586-X) by Brian W. Kernighan and Rob Pike is a 1999 book about computer programming and software engineering published by Addison-Wesley.According to the preface the book is about topics like testing debugging portability performance design alternatives and style which according to the authors are not usually the focus of computer science or programming courses.
 Leviathan is American writer Paul Auster’s seventh novel published by Viking Press in 1992. The novel follows the life and crimes of a man who decides to take action over words to deliver his message to the world as told by his estranged best friend.
 Biancaneve is an Italian erotic comic book created in 1972 by Renzo Barbieri and Rubino Ventura and illustrated by Leone Frollo. Fairlie Wayne is the real name of the main character.
 Breathing for a Living is a memoir written by Laura Rothenberg (February 3 1981 - March 20 2003) in which she tells the story of her battle with cystic fibrosis a genetic disorder which proves fatal in most cases and her ultimate decision of opting to undergo a lung transplant.
 Science Fiction in Old San Francisco: Volume One History of the Movement From 1854 to 1890 is a history of science fiction writers in San Francisco in the period following the American Civil War by Sam Moskowitz. It was first published by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in 1980 in an edition of 1500 copies. This book with its companion volume Into the Sun & Other Stories won a Pilgrim Award for the author in 1981.
 Outerbridge Reach is a 1998 novel by American novelist Robert Stone. It was his fifth published novel.
 Vacation (2007) is the first and most recent novel by American author Jeremy C. Shipp. Vacation’s protagonist Bernard Johnson finds himself trapped in a job his parents chose for him miserable in a loveless relationship and dependent on anti-depressants for his emotional stability.
 A Trillion Feet of Gas is a short story by the novelist John Updike set in the final days of 1956 in New York City published in his collection The Same Door 1959.
 Meccan Trade And The Rise Of Islam is a book written by scholar and historiographer of early Islam Patricia Crone. The book argues that Islam did not originate in Mecca located in western Saudi Arabia but in northern Arabia.
 After Dark (アフターダーク Afutā Dāku) is a novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami. It was originally published in 2004.
 The World's Greatest Unsolved Crimes is a book written by Roger Boar and Nigel Blundell which was first published in 1984 by Octopus Books Limited as part of their World's Greatest series. It contains accounts of various unsolved mysteries such as murders unexplained disappearances and scandals.
 Blab! is a comics anthology edited by Monte Beauchamp. Though its primary focus is comics it regularly features articles with non-comics illustration and graphic design. Early issues were published by Kitchen Sink Press. Issues #9–18 were published annually by Fantagraphics Books in a 120-page 10 x 10 square format featuring both black-and-white and color art.In 2003 Chronicle Books published the book collection New & Used Blab!.
 Annales médico-psychologiques is a French journal founded in 1843. It covers the field of Psychiatry. It absorbed the Annales de psychiatrie in 2002.
 The Timișoara Times is a Romanian daily newspaper published in Romanian and German founded and published in Timișoara since 1771 as Temeswarer Nachrichten. It is one of the most popular local newspapers from Romania read by hundreds of thousands people annually. The Timișoara Times is owned by Times Network Romania. The company's chairman is Samuel Wasyl Micula.
 That's Beijing is a free monthly English magazine catering to expatriates that covers current events art cinema music nightlife dining and health in Beijing. The magazine is run by Urbanatomy Media the publisher of That's Shanghai and that's PRD (covering the Pearl River Delta).
 Make Love! The Bruce Campbell Way is the second book by author and actor Bruce Campbell. It was first published on May 26 2005. The entire novel is written in the first person by the author. It is a satire of the genre of celebrity memoirs.
 Chicka Chicka Boom Boom is a bestselling children's book written by Bill Martin Jr. and John Archambault illustrated by Lois Ehlert and published by Simon & Schuster in 1989. The book features anthropomorphized letters.
 Colliding Branes is a science fiction short story by Rudy Rucker and Bruce Sterling. It was first published in the February 2009 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction.
 The American Historical Review is the official publication of the American Historical Association. It targets readers interested in all periods and facets of history.
 Seiken Tsukai no World Break (聖剣使いの禁呪詠唱 Seiken Tsukai no Wārudo Bureiku) is a Japanese light novel series written by Akamitsu Awamura and illustrated by Refeia. SB Creative has published six volumes since November 2012 under their GA Bunko imprint. Both an anime adaptation and a manga adaptation have been announced.
 The Albatross is a novella written by Susan Hill first appearing in the collection The Albatross and Other Stories published by Hamish Hamilton in 1971. It won the John Llewellyn Rhys Prize in 1972. It appeared as a standalone book published by Penguin Books in 2000. It is studied in GCSE English as an example of the best women's writing.
 The Saint and the People Importers is the title of a 1971 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint. The novel is credited to Leslie Charteris who created the Saint in 1928 but the book was actually co-authored by Fleming Lee. It is a novelization of the episode The People Importers from the 1962-69 TV series The Saint originally written by Donald James.
 Money is a comic play by Edward Bulwer-Lytton. It was premièred at the Theatre Royal Haymarket on 8 December 1840.
 Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Vladimir Nabokov. All but the last one were written in Russian by Nabokov between 1924 and 1939 as an expatriate in Berlin Paris and Menton and later translated into English by him and his son Dmitri Nabokov. These stories appeared first individually in the Russian émigré press. The last story was written in English in Ithaca New York in 1951. The collection was published in 1974.
 Robert Frost: A Life is a 2000 biography of the American poet Robert Frost written by Jay Parini. It won the Chicago Tribune Heartland Prize for best non-fiction book of the year.Parini spent over twenty years interviewing friends of Frost and working in the poet’s archives at Dartmouth Amherst and elsewhere to produce this definitive and insightful portrait of both the public and private man.
 De nakomer is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1996.
 Wine Enthusiast Magazine is a lifestyle magazine covering wine food spirits travel and entertaining topics. It was founded in 1988 by Adam and Sybil Strum and reaches 800000 readers. Its wine ratings conducted by reviewers in major wine-producing areas of the world comprise a large section of the magazine. Its website includes additional and original wine lifestyle-related content and holds a database of 500 spirit ratings.
 Athenäum is a German journal established in 1991 for study of romanticism and German literature. Starting 2009 the journal will be peer reviewed.
 Nobunaga Concerto (信長協奏曲 Nobunaga Kyōsōkyoku) is a Japanese manga series by Ayumi Ishii.
 A Bridge Too Far a non-fiction book by Cornelius Ryan published in 1974 tells the story of Operation Market Garden a failed Allied attempt to break through German lines at Arnhem across the river Rhine in the occupied Netherlands during World War II in September 1944. The title of the book comes from a comment made by British Lt. Gen.
 Modern Drunkard Magazine is a bi-monthly glossy color periodical promoting the functional alcoholic's lifestyle. Created in 1996 it has slowly gained notoriety and currently enjoys a circulation of roughly 50000. The magazine's creator Frank Kelly Rich is also listed as the publisher/editor.
 Johnny We Hardly Knew Ye is a memoir of John F. Kennedy by two of his closest friends and advisors David Powers and Kenneth O'Donnell in collaboration with journalist Joe McCarthy. The book is a best seller and later adapted into a movie.
 Breach of Peace: Portraits of the 1961 Mississippi Freedom Riders is a 2008 book by Eric Etheridge. The book features the life stories of over 80 of the Freedom Riders who fought to desegregate interstate bus transportation in the Deep South and includes both their original mug shots and contemporary photographic portraits taken 45 or more years later by Etheridge.
 Flying Saucers from Outer Space (Holt 1953) is a non-fiction book by Donald Keyhoe about flying saucers.
 Ghosts is a novel by Irish writer John Banville. Published in 1993 it was his first novel since the 1989 publication of The Book of Evidence which was shortlisted for the Booker Prize and features many of the same characters. The novel recalls Shakespeare's The Tempest in many ways.
 The Wellstone is a 2003 hard science fiction novel by Wil McCarthy. It was the first sequel to 2000's The Collapsium starting what was to become a four-part Queendom of Sol series. In it McCarthy explores the lives of immorbid humans in the near future.
 BARRAGE (戦星のバルジ Sensei no Baruji lit. Bulge of the Battle Star) is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Kōhei Horikoshi creator of Ōmagadoki Dōbutsuen. The series was originally published in 2011 as a one-shot manga in the seasonally published Jump NEXT! before beginning serialization in Weekly Shōnen Jump from May 21 2012 to September 10 2012.
 Contest of Champions is a three-issue comic book limited series published from June to August 1982 by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Mark Gruenwald with art by John Romita Jr. and Bob Layton.
 Cruel and Unusual is a four-issue American comic book mini-series created in 1999 by Jamie Delano and Tom Peyer (writers) John McCrea (penciller) and Andrew Chiu (inker) and published by Vertigo.
 What Engineers Know and How they Know It: Analytical Studies from Aeronautical History (The Johns Hopkins University Press 1990) (ISBN 0-8018-4588-2) is a historical reflection on engineering practice in US aeronautics from 1908 to 1953 written by an accomplished practitioner and instructor. This period represents the dawn of aviation which was fraught with uncertainties and numerous paths to many possible worlds. The book captures two main conclusions from this period.
 A Big Boy Did It and Ran Away (2001) is Christopher Brookmyre's sixth novel. It features the first appearance of policewoman Angelique de Xavia who is one of the main characters in The Sacred Art of Stealing (2002).
 The New Hampshire Union Leader is the daily newspaper of Manchester the largest city in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. On Sundays it publishes as the New Hampshire Sunday News.Founded in 1863 the paper was best known for the conservative political opinions of its late publisher William Loeb and his wife Elizabeth Scripps Nackey Loeb.
 Testimonies 2001 is a book written by Macedonian General Pande Petrovski in 2006.
 Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures is a fantasy novel written and comically illustrated by German author Walter Moers.
 Annals of Indian Academy of Neurology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Academy of Neurology. The journal publishes articles on the subjects of neurology neuropsychiatry and neuroimaging.
 Bunny Drop (うさぎドロップ Usagi Doroppu) is a Japanese josei manga series by Yumi Unita. The plot follows thirty-year old Daikichi as he becomes the guardian of Rin the illegitimate six-year old daughter of his grandfather.Bunny Drop was serialized in the monthly magazine Feel Young from October 2005 to April 2011. The chapters for this manga were also collected into nine wide-ban volumes and released by Shodensha. The series has been licensed in English by Yen Press.
 Bambino! (バンビーノ! Banbiino! lit. Baby) is a Japanese cooking manga written and illustrated by Tetsuji Sekiya. The manga has been serialized in Shogakukan's seinen magazine (aimed at older men) Big Comic Spirits. As of February 2009 Shogakukan has published 14 bound volumes of the manga. It received the 2008 Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general manga along with Takeshi Natsuhara's and Kuromaru's Kurosagi.NTV broadcast the live-action TV drama from April 18 2007 to June 27 2007.
 The Wales Arts Review is a critical writing hub for Wales. Published fortnightly it offers a critique by Welsh writers of various social and cultural aspects of Wales.
 El Espectador (meaning The Spectator) is a newspaper with national circulation within Colombia founded by Fidel Cano Gutiérrez on 22 March 1887 in Medellín and published since 1915 in Bogotá. It changed from a daily to a weekly edition in 2001 following a financial crisis and became a daily again on 11 May 2008 a comeback which had been long rumoured in tabloid format (28 x 39.5 cm). Since 1997 its main shareholder is Julio Mario Santo Domingo.It is the oldest newspaper in Colombia.
 .hack//CELL is a novel series written by Ryo Suzukaze serialized in the magazine .hack//G.U.: The World and published in paperback format by Kadokawa Shoten as a chapter in the .hack universe. It follows a female Edge Punisher named Midori as she hires herself out to players who want to fight her without resistance.[citation needed] Tokyopop has obtained the rights to .hack//CELL and was released on March 2 2010.
 Kenzen Robo Daimidaler (健全ロボ ダイミダラー Kenzen Robo Daimidarā Daimidaler the Sound Robot) is a manga series by Asaki Nakama serialized in Enterbrain's seinen manga magazine Fellows! from 2008 to 2012 and collected in four tankōbon volumes. A sequel titled Kenzen Robo Daimidaler OGS began serialization in the same magazine (now called Harta) from October 2013. An anime television series adaptation by TNK premiered on AT-X on April 5 2014. It has been licensed for legal streaming by FUNimation.
 The Revolutionists stop for Orangeade is a poem from the second 1931edition of Wallace Stevens's first book of poetryHarmonium.Although the poem's title is not atypical in being gaudy it may be anexception to the rule that the titles of Stevens's poems are notguides to their content. The revolutionists are imploringtheir leader to let them stop singing in the sun or at least toresume singing in the shade.
 Światlo dzienne is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1954.
 The Times is an American daily newspaper serving Little Falls New York. It was previously known as The Evening Times and the Little Falls Evening Times.It is owned by GateHouse Media and published from the Herkimer offices of its sister paper The Telegram with which it shares a publisher and an editor.The Telegram and The Times are two of the three newspapers GateHouse owns in the Mohawk Valley of Upstate New York.
 March Upcountry is the first novel in the science fiction series of the Empire of Man by David Weber and John Ringo. It tells the story of Prince Roger MacClintock and his bodyguards of the Empress' Own Regiment who get marooned on the alien planet of Marduk due to an act of sabotage on their ship and must fight their way towards the local space port (held by enemies of the Terran Empire) in order to get back home to Earth. The book appeared on the New York Times best seller list.
 The Year of the Angry Rabbit is a science fiction novel by Australian author Russell Braddon in which giant mutant rabbits run amok in Australia while the Prime Minister uses a new superweapon to dominate the planet.The pulp narrative was played for laughs and designed as an indictment of war nationalism and capitalism. The novel was also notable as being part of a small revival of Australian science fiction in the 1960s.
 The 1984 autobiography by Julian Lloyd Webber Travels with My Cello covers his childhood through to travelling the world as a concert performer in the early 1980s.
 Songmaster (1980) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card. The story of the Songmaster occurs in a future human empire and follows Ansset a beautiful young boy whose perfect singing voice has the power of amplifying people's emotions making him both a potential healer and destroyer. He is trained in the art of singing so beautifully that his songs can express ideas and emotions more truthfully than words. This novel was based on Card's short story Mikal's Songbird.
 Lovecraft: A Look Behind the Cthulhu Mythos is a 1972 non-fiction book written by Lin Carter published by Ballantine Books. The introduction notes that the book does not purport to be a biography of H. P. Lovecraft and instead presents it as a history of the growth of the so-called Cthulhu Mythos.
 The Metro Spirit is a free alternative news weekly in Augusta Georgia (USA). The paper is widely available at news stands across the Augusta area.On March 2 2011 publishing was suspended by then-current managing company Portico Publishing citing lack of financial performance.The Spirit resumed publishing April 14 under new owner Joe White.
 Jennifer Government is a novel written by Max Barry. Published in 2003 it is Barry's second novel following 1999's Syrup. The novel is set in a dystopian alternate reality in which most nations (now controlled by the United States) are dominated by for-profit corporate entities while the government's political power is extremely limited. Some readers consider it similar in satiric intent to George Orwell's 1984 but of a world with too little political power as opposed to too much.
 Boyarshchina (Russian: Боя́рщина) is the early novel by Aleksey Pisemsky. Written in 1844-1846 under the original title Is She to Blame? it was published only in 1858 in Biblioteka dlya chteniya magazine (vol. 147 books 1 and 2).
 A Pale View of Hills (1982) is the first novel by author Kazuo Ishiguro. It won the 1982 Winifred Holtby Memorial Prize. He received a £1000 advance from publishers Faber and Faber for the novel after a meeting with Robert McCrum the fiction editor.A Pale View of Hills is the story of Etsuko a middle-aged Japanese woman living alone in England and opens with discussion between Etsuko and her younger daughter Niki about the recent suicide of Etsuko's older daughter Keiko.
 Kaze to Ki No Uta (風と木の詩 lit. The Poem of the Wind and the Trees) is a shōjo manga with homosexual themes by Keiko Takemiya. It was first published by Shougakukan from 1976 to 1984 in the magazine Shōjo Comic. In 1979 it was awarded the prestigious Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen/shōjo manga. The series is widely regarded as a shōnen-ai manga classic being one of the first in the genre to combine romantic and sexual relationships.
 The Report to the Commissioner of Baseball of an Independent Investigation into the Illegal Use of Steroids and Other Performance Enhancing Substances by Players in Major League Baseball informally known as the Mitchell Report is the result of former Democratic United States Senator from Maine George J. Mitchell's 21-month investigation into the use of anabolic steroids and human growth hormone (HGH) in Major League Baseball (MLB).
 The Steam House (French: La maison à vapeur) is a Jules Verne novel recounting the travels of a group of British colonists in the Raj in a wheeled house pulled by a steam-powered mechanical elephant. (In fact Steam cars of various types and designs were actually being built at the time of writing though none in the shape of an elephant is known). Jules Verne uses the mechanical house as a plot device to have the reader travel in nineteenth century India.
 A Dissertation Concerning the Nature of True Virtue is a work by American Christian reformer theologian author and pastor Jonathan Edwards originally published posthumously in 1765. The work was published jointly with A Dissertation Concerning the End for Which God Created the World.
 Cyborg Kuro-chan (サイボーグクロちゃん Saibōgu Kurochan) is a shōnen manga series created by Naoki Yokouchi serialized in Kodansha's Comic BonBon magazine. Eleven volumes of the manga were released between 1998 and 2002. It centers on the titular character a housecat who is kidnapped and modified by a mad scientist to be a part of a cyborg army bent on world domination. Kuro breaks his control chip escapes and becomes a vigilante.
 Promise Not to Tell is a 2007 mystery novel with supernatural elements written by Vermont author Jennifer McMahon. The book was released in April 2007 in the US by Harper Paperbacks (an imprint of HarperCollins). It was released in Germany by Rowohlt Verlag under the title Das Madchen Im Wald (The Girl in the Woods) in October 2007. It was released in the United Kingdom by Orion Books in 2008.
 Fantastic Four vs. the X-Men is a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 1987. Written by longtime Uncanny X-Men writer Chris Claremont pencilled by Jon Bogdanove and inked by Terry Austin the series revolves around the quest to find an effective medical treatment for the dying X-Man Kitty Pryde.
 The House of Dies Drear is a novel by Virginia Hamilton published by Macmillan in 1968 with illustrations by Eros Keith. The story takes place in 1968. Thomas Small a 13-year-old African American boy moves with his family into a house that was once part of the Underground Railroad that is in Ohio. His father Mr. Small tells Thomas that the caretaker of the house is Mr. Pluto. People think he is the devil because Mr.
 Pacific RailNews (PRN) originally named Pacific News and later RailNews was an American monthly magazine about railroads and rail transit oriented for railfans. It was published from 1961 until 1999. Although its coverage primarily concerned the western United States and western Canada the magazine included less-detailed news on railroads and rail-transit from non-western states as well as Mexico.
 The Veiled Prophet is a 2007 novel written by Richard A. Knaak and is the third novel in the Diablo trilogy The Sin War. The book details the climax of the struggles over the Sanctuary and the warring forces of the Angels Demons Inarius and the edyrem and the mage clans of Kehjan who all have a stake in the outcome.
 Auld Robin Gray is the title of a Scots ballad written by the Scottish poet Lady Anne Lindsay in 1772. Robin Gray is a good old man who marries a young woman already in love with a man named Jamie. Jamie goes away to sea in order to earn money so that the couple can marry. The woman who narrates the ballad tells the story of being compelled by her parents' misfortune to marry Robin Gray while her lover is away. Robin promises to maintain her and her parents in return for her hand.
 Głos (lit. from Polish: Voice) is a Polish socio-political weekly magazine. Its editor in chief is Polish politician Antoni Macierewicz. It has a self-declared Catholic-nationalist bias (Głos: tygodnik katolicko-narodowy). It traces its tradition back to an underground opposition bibuła publication of anti-communist opposition from 1977 of that same name.
 A Miracle by Molly Davies was her first professionally staged play and was staged first at the upstairs Jerwood Theatre at Royal Court Theatre in London in 2009. It starred Russell Tovey and Sorcha Cusack.
 The Hollywood Takes is a novel written by the English author Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United States by Doubleday in 1988.
 The Wall: Growing Up Behind the Iron Curtain is a children's book written and illustrated by Peter Sís. It received both the American Library Association's Caldecott Honor and ALA's 2008 Robert Silbert Medal for the most distinguished informational book for young readers. It is a memoir on Sís's life under the Communist rule of Czechoslovakia the oppression he faces and his dreams of leaving for America.
 The Dream Merchant is a 2002 Dutch fantasy novel by Isabel Hoving.
 The 43 Antarean Dynasties is a science fiction short story published in 1997 by Mike Resnick. It won the 1998 Hugo Award for Best Short Story. The story itself can be considered as a science fictional spin on the study of postcolonialism.
 Musica e Dischi is the oldest and most important music industry publication in Italy. It was founded in October 1945 in Milan Italy on the initiative of the journalist and musicologist Aldo Mario De Luigi a former senior record of VCM (now EMI Italy). In the beginning the magazine was published with the name Musica (Dischi was added on the second edition) on a monthly basis.
 The Journal of Transformative Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Education. The journal's editor is John M. Dirkx (Michigan State University). It has been in publication since 2003 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Ciudad CCS is a newspaper published in Caracas Venezuela. It was launched on 8 August 2009 by Jorge Rodríguez mayor of the Libertador Bolivarian Municipality of Caracas for PSUV. It is a free newspaper funded by the municipality.
 The Lily the first U.S. newspaper edited by and for women was published from 1849 to 1853 by Amelia Jenks Bloomer (1818–1894). She sold the newspaper to Mary Birdsall in 1854. While the newspaper was initially focused on temperance the focus was soon broadened to the many issues of women’s rights activists in the 1850s.
 The Pursuit of the Deadly Diamonds is book 6 of the Race Against Time series written by J. J. Fortune.
 Trent's Own Case is a 1936 British detective novel written by E.C. Bentley (in collaboration with H. Warner Allen) as a sequel to his best-known novel Trent's Last Case.The artist and amateur criminologist Philip Trent investigates the murder of a sadistic philanthropist whose portrait he had painted.
 Islands in the Net is a 1988 science fiction novel by Bruce Sterling. It won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 1989 and was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards that same year.
 Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me) is a non-fiction book by social psychologists Carol Tavris and Elliot Aronson first published in 2007. It deals with cognitive dissonance confirmation bias and other cognitive biases using these psychological theories to illustrate how the perpetrators (and victims) of hurtful acts justify and rationalize their behavior.
 For the 1996 John Bon Jovi film see The Leading ManThe Leading Man is a 5-issue limited graphic novel created by B. Clay Moore and Jeremy Haun for Oni Press in 2006 and later compiled in one volume in 2007. Also is known as the first full-color series from the publisher. Universal Pictures is working on a film adaptation with Justin Lin as director.
 The Daily Independent is a newspaper published in Nigeria. It is based in Lagos.Independent Newspapers Limited was incorporated on 17 July 2001 and started operations in October 2001. The company publishes the flagship Daily Independent newspaper and the Saturday Independent and Sunday Independent.The Daily Independent is a successor to the Diet newspaper established in 1997 by James Ibori a close friend of the military ruler General Sani Abacha.
 The Deadly Dungeon is a 1998 children's mystery novel by Ron Roy. It is the fourth in the A to Z Mysteries series following the sleuthing adventures of Dink Josh and Ruth Rose. This is also the first book in the series that takes place in a location outside of their fictional hometown of Greenlawn Connecticut.
 Bearded is a British bi-monthly music magazine that distributes nationwide through WHSmith Borders independent record shops and newsagent's shops.
 Cultural Anthropology: Journal of the Society for Cultural Anthropology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell and the American Anthropological Association on behalf of the Society for Cultural Anthropology. The journal covers ethnography viewed from traditional and novel theoretical perspectives. It also covers issues related to theories ethnographic methods research schemes and public dissemination.
 The Passion of New Eve is a novel by Angela Carter first published in 1977. The book is set in a dystopian United States where civil war has broken out between different political racial and gendered groups. A dark satire the book parodies primitive notions of gender sexual difference and identity from a post-feminist perspective. Other major themes include sadomasochism and the politics of power.
 Kiss the Dead is a 2012 New York Times bestselling erotic thriller by novelist Laurell K. Hamilton. The book was published on June 5 2012 by Berkley Hardcover and is the twenty first book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series.
 Winter Kills is a black comic novel by Richard Condon exploring the assassination of a U.S. President. The novel parallels the real life assassination of John F. Kennedy and the various conspiracy theories that surround the event.
 The London Paper (stylised as thelondonpaper) was a free daily newspaper published by NI Free Newspapers Ltd a subsidiary of News International (who also own the companies that publish The Sun and The Times). It was available from Monday to Friday each week in Central London from 4 September 2006 until 18 September 2009 (its final print-run before closure).
 The Lafayette Journal & Courier is a daily newspaper owned by the Gannett Company Inc. serving Lafayette Indiana and the surrounding communities. It was established in 1920 through the merger of two local papers the Journal and Free Press (established in 1829 under the name John B. Semans' Free Press) and the Courier (established in 1845). In 2013 the newspaper won the Blue Ribbon Daily award from the Indiana State Press Association naming it the best daily newspaper for that year.
 The Light and the Dark is the fourth novel in C. P. Snow's Strangers and Brothers series. Set in England in the lead-up to and during World War II it portrays Lewis Eliot's friendship with the gifted scholar and remarkable individual Roy Calvert and Calvert's inner turmoil and quest for meaning in life. Calvert was based on Snow's friend Coptic scholar Charles Allberry.
 Alan Moore's The Courtyard is a 2-issue comic book mini-series adaptation of a 1994 prose story written by Alan Moore published in 2003 by Avatar Press. It was adapted for comics by Antony Johnston with artwork by Jacen Burrows and Alan Moore as consulting editor.
 Starlight is a children's fantasy novel the fourth book in Erin Hunter's bestselling Warriors: The New Prophecy series. The hardback was released on April 4 2006 and the paperback on March 27 2007.
 Daily Tribune is an English-language newspaper in Bahrain.
 The Art of Discworld is a descriptive book of the world of the Discworld as portrayed in Terry Pratchett's Discworld series.
 The Beaumont Enterprise is a newspaper of the Hearst Corporation headquartered in Beaumont Texas.
 Collar the Lot! How Britain Interned & Expelled its Wartime Refugees is a book by Peter Gillman and Leni Gillman. It is a detailed account of British internment policy during the Second World War.At first the British government took a relaxed attitude to the tens of thousands of enemy aliens most of them refugees who had found sanctuary in Britain from the Nazis.
 Dragon Age Pure (Japanese: ドラゴンエイジピュア Hepburn: Doragon Eiji Pyua) was a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Fujimi Shobo. It was first released on January 30 2006 and was initially sold quarterly. Starting with the sale of the fourth volume on April 20 2007 the magazine was sold bimonthly until its final issue the fifteenth volume released on February 20 2009.
 HHhH is the debut novel of French author Laurent Binet. It recounts Operation Anthropoid the assassination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich in Prague during World War II. It was awarded the 2010 Prix Goncourt du Premier Roman.The novel follows the history of the operation and the life of its protagonists – Heydrich and his assassins Jozef Gabčík and Jan Kubiš.
 Sirena: Poesía arte y crítica (Sirena: Poetry Art and Criticism) was an international and multilingual academic journal founded in 2004 by Dr. Jorge R. Sagastume (Dickinson College) who edited the journal until 2010. After a feature article published in The Chronicle of Higher Education the Johns Hopkins University Press (JHUP) approached the college to offer the distribution of the journal[citation needed] and from 2004 until 2012 was published and distributed by the JHUP.
 The Scarlatti Inheritance is the first of 27 thriller novels written (the last four of them left in the form of manuscripts later finalized by ghost writers) by American author Robert Ludlum.
 Time Out of Joint is a dystopian novel by Philip K. Dick first published in novel form in the United States in 1959. An abridged version was also serialised in the British science fiction magazine New Worlds Science Fiction in several installments from December 1959 to February 1960 under the title Biography in Time.The novel epitomizes many of Dick's themes with its concerns about the nature of reality and ordinary people in ordinary lives having the world unravel around them.
 Reports on Mathematical Physics (ISSN 0034-4877) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal started in 1970 which publishes papers in theoretical physics that present a rigorous mathematical approach to problems of quantum and classical mechanics and field theories relativity and gravitation statistical physics and the mathematical foundations of physical theories. The editor-in-chief of this journal is A. Jamiolkowski. The impact factor of this journal was 0.495 in 2006.
 Mrs. Eckdorf in O'Neill's Hotel is a novel written by William Trevor first published by The Bodley Head in 1969.The book was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1970.
 Eureka Street is a novel by Northern Irish author Robert McLiam Wilson published in 1996 in the UK (1997 in the US) it focuses on the lives of two Belfast friends one Catholic and one Protestant shortly before and after the IRA ceasefires in 1994. A BBC TV adaptation of BBC TV adaptation of Eureka Street was broadcast in 1999.
 And Four to Go (British title Crime and Again) is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1958.
 Practical Reptile Keeping is a monthly herpetology magazine published by Kelsey Publishing Group in the United Kingdom. The magazine focuses on all aspects of Reptilekeeping including Species information and Caresheets.The magazine was first released in 2009 and is funded by Ad revenue from Reptile stores and websites.
 God's Bits of Wood is a 1960 novel by the Senegalese author Ousmane Sembène that concerns a railroad strike in colonial Senegal of the 1940s. It was written in French under the title Les bouts de bois de Dieu. The book deals with several ways that the Senegalese and Malians responded to colonialism. There are elements that tend toward accommodation collaboration or even idealization of the French colonials.
 The Industrial Vagina: The Political Economy of the Global Sex Trade is a 2009 book about prostitution and the sex industry by Sheila Jeffreys.
 Chosen is the third novel of the House of Night fantasy series written by American authors P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast. The book was released on March 2 2008 by St. Martin's Press an extension of Macmillan Publishers.
 Menschen und Leidenschaften (Russian: Люди и страсти) is an early drama by Mikhail Lermontov written in 1830 and first published in Saint Petersburg in 1880 by Pyotr Yefremov in a compilation Early Dramas by Lermontov.
 The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things is a novel-like book of ten related short stories written by Laura Albert under the name JT LeRoy a persona that she has described as an avatar asserting that it enabled her to write things that she was incapable of expressing as Laura Albert. These stories predate the 2000 JT LeRoy novel Sarah but were published in 2001 after Sarah was released. The title is taken from Jeremiah 17:9 (King James Bible version).
 The Making of Americans: Being a History of a Family's Progress is a modernist novel by Gertrude Stein. The novel traces the genealogy history and psychological development of members of the fictional Hersland and Dehning families. Stein also includes frequent metafictional meditations on the process of writing the text that periodically overtake the main narrative.
 The Cat from Hell is a short story by Stephen King. King initially published the first 500 words of the story in March 1977 in Cavalier and the magazine held a contest for readers to finish the story. The winning entry as well as King's complete story was published in the magazine in June of the same year. It also appeared in Gent Vol. 18 #6 (December 1977) credited to King and Marc Rains.
 The Last Kingdom is the first book in The Saxon Stories series by Bernard Cornwell and was published in 2004. The series follows the wars between King Alfred the Great and the Danes or Vikings. The Last Kingdom focuses on Uhtred's upbringing and early adulthood. The book begins when Uhtred marches with his father to war against the Danes at the age of ten. He links his destiny to the Sceadugenga or Shadow-Walkers.
 Defending Identity: Its Indispensable Role in Protecting Democracy is a book by Natan Sharansky published in June 2008.In Defending Identity Sharansky presents nationalism and religious commitment as a force for good not merely an ideology of evil. Strong identities are as valuable to a well-functioning society as they are to ...
 Paranoia is a 1953 short story collection by the Dutch writer Willem Frederik Hermans. The titular story was adapted into the 1967 film Paranoia directed by Adriaan Ditvoorst.
 Bats & Terry (バツ&テリー Batsu & Teri) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yasuichi Oshima. It was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1982 to 1987. Batsu & Terī received the 1984 Kodansha Manga Award for the shōnen category. Kodansha published the manga's 24 tankōbon volumes to December 1987. The manga's license was transferred to Ichijinsha and was published into four wideban volumes.The manga was adapted into an animated movie called Bats & Terry by Sunrise.
 Kissing the Gunner's Daughter is a 1992 novel by the British mystery writer Ruth Rendell featuring the recurring character Inspector Reg Wexford. The title of the book refers to historical corporal punishment in the Royal Navy where a sailor was positioned over a cannon to receive a flogging.
 Fathers and Crows is a 1992 historical novel by the American author William T. Vollmann. It is the second book in a seven-book series called Seven Dreams: A Book of North American Landscapes. Fathers and Crows explores the encounters and conflicts between French Jesuit missionaries in New France (Canada) and the native Huron and Iroquois peoples in Canada and present-day New York state. The Natives called the Jesuits Black Robes for their clerical costume.
 Glory Lane (1987) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book takes place outside of either of Foster’s two usual universes Spellsinger and the Humanx Commonwealth.
 UNDO Visual Thinking is a Bi-Monthly mexican magazine of graphic design and art which focus in social and cultural issues. Is an in-house project of poeticsouvenir an editorial design studio with base in Puebla Mexico inspired by the 'good design is good citizenship Milton Glaser's philosophy.
 The Technicolor Time Machine is a 1967 science fiction novel by Harry Harrison. It is a comedy a time-travel story and a satire on Hollywood. The story first appeared in Analog Science Fiction and Fact magazine where it was serialized in three parts in the March–May 1967 issues under the title The Time Machined Saga.
 Killing for Culture: An Illustrated History of Death Film from Mondo to Snuff (1994) is the first book in the Creation Cinema series and deals with death in film and media.
 The Australian Guide to Legal Citation (AGLC) is published by the Melbourne University Law Review Association in collaboration with the Melbourne Journal of International Law and seeks to provide the Australian legal community with a standard for citing legal sources. There is no single standard for legal citation in Australia but the AGLC is the most widely used.
 Metropol is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Captain Underpants and the Revolting Revenge of the Radioactive Robo-Boxers is the tenth book in the Captain Underpants series created by Dav Pilkey. Although the previous book referred to this as the last epic novel in the Captain Underpants series and the final chapter was titled The Final Chapter of the Very Last Captain Underpants Epic Novel despite the fact that a sequel was confirmed at the end of this book.
 The Day After the Day the Martians Came is a short story by Frederik Pohl from Harlan Ellison's Dangerous Visions which shows how humans can (and will) laugh at (and hate) any minority group.
 Kushiel's Scion is the 2006 novel by Jacqueline Carey following on from the Kushiel's Legacy trilogy (Kushiel's Dart Kushiel's Chosen and Kushiel's Avatar). It is the first part of the Imriel Trilogy followed by Kushiel's Justice and Kushiel's Mercy.
 Passage to Nirvana A Survivor's Zen Voyage: Reflections on Loss Discovery Healing & Hope is a memoir by Lee Carlson written over a several year period from 2005-2010 primarily on board a 60-foot sailboat named Nirvana that he shared with his fiancée Meg. It was his first book although he had made his living as a writer for most of his adult life working first as a journalist magazine editor and freelance writer and then moving into advertising and marketing copywriting.
 Óðins nöfn is an anonymous skaldic poem which is found in a section called Viðbótarþulur in Skáldskaparmál in Snorri Sturluson's Prose Edda.It lists the names of Odin.
 Motor Sport was founded in the UK in 1924as the Brooklands Gazette the first edition appearing in July of that year. In August 1925 the title was changed to the all-encompassing Motor Sport (not Motorsport as many erroneously write the title). For most of its history (1936–91) the editor of the magazine was Bill Boddy. Boddy who had penned much of the history of British race track Brooklands employed the services of Denis Jenkinson as a Continental Correspondent.
 SLAM Magazine is an American basketball magazine in circulation since 1994 published by Source Interlink.
 Metro is a free weekly newspaper published by the San Jose California based Metro Newspapers. Also known as Metro Silicon Valley the paper serves the greater Silicon Valley area. In addition to print form Metro can be downloaded in PDF format for free from the publisher's website.
 The Mainichi Shimbun (毎日新聞 Mainichi Shinbun lit. Daily News) is one of the major newspapers in Japan published by The Mainichi Newspapers Co. Ltd (株式会社毎日新聞社 Kabushiki-gaisha Mainichi Shinbunsha).In addition to the Mainichi Shimbun which is printed twice a day in several local editions Mainichi also operates an English language news website called The Mainichi (previously Mainichi Daily News) and publishes a bilingual news magazine Mainichi Weekly.
 The Revolt of the Cockroach People is a novel by Oscar Zeta Acosta. The novel is a semi-autobiographical fictionalized account of the August 29 1970 Chicano Moratorium a mass protest of the Vietnam War. In addition to political protest the characters engage in insurrection against religious educational and legal systems. During the Moratorium demonstrations are held while buildings are bombed and people die.
 The Sun the Genome and the Internet is a non-fiction scientific book by renowned physicist Freeman J. Dyson Professor Emeritus of Physics at the Institute for Advanced Study Princeton University in the U.S.A. This short book was originally published in 1999 by the Oxford University Press.
 Incendies is a 2003 play by Wajdi Mouawad. The play was translated into English as Scorched by Linda Gaboriau.
 The Browning Version is a play by Terence Rattigan first performed on 8 September 1948 at the Phoenix Theatre London. It was originally one of two short plays jointly titled Playbill; the companion piece which forms the second half of the evening was Harlequinade.
 Othappu (English: Scandal or Temptation) is a Malayalam novel written by Sarah Joseph and published in 2005. The novel is the last in the trilogy which includes 'Alaahayude Penmakkal' and 'Mattathi'. While 'Mattathi' is a kind of sequel to 'Alaahayude Penmakkal' 'Othappu' follows the pattern by having a central female character and protagonist.
 Deafening is a 2003 novel written by Frances Itani.Author Frances Itani brings the reader to a small pre-World War I Ontario town called Deseronto where the O'Neil family owns a hotel. The book follows the story of Grania O'Neil a girl who lost her hearing when she was five years old as a result of contracting scarlet fever. The novel follows Grania and her family as they learn to accept and adapt to her as a non-hearing person.
 Vertigo is a wordless novel by American artist Lynd Ward (1905–1985) published in 1937. It tells of the effects of the Great Depression on the lives of an elderly industrialist and a young man and woman.At 230 wood engravings Vertigo was Ward's longest and most complex wordless novel and proved to be the last he finished—he abandoned another in 1940 and in the last years of his life began another that he never finished.
 Midnight Mass. is a comic book series created by writer John Rozum published by DC Comics's Vertigo imprint in 2002. The series follows married occult experts Adam and Julia Kadmon as they deal with supernatural cases around America. In a 2011 interview concerning the relaunch of his Xombi series Rozum revealed that Adam and Julia were conceived as the lead characters for a potential Xombi spin-off back when the series was still being published by Milestone Comics.
 Ekspress-K (Russian: Экспресс К) is a private Russian language newspaper published in Kazakhstan.
 The Coldest Winter Ever is a best-selling 1999 novel written by MC and activist Sister Souljah.Set in the projects of Brooklyn New York The Coldest Winter Ever is the story of Winter Santiaga (aptly named because she was born during one of New York's worst snowstorms) the rebellious pampered teenage daughter of a notorious drug dealer.
 Veriu is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Gay Science (German: Die fröhliche Wissenschaft) is a book by Friedrich Nietzsche first published in 1882 and followed by a second edition which was published after the completion of Thus Spoke Zarathustra and Beyond Good and Evil in 1887. This substantial expansion includes a fifth book and an appendix of songs. It was noted by Nietzsche to be the most personal of all [his] books and contains the greatest number of poems in any of his published works.
 American Scientist (informally abbreviated AmSci) is a bimonthly science and technology magazine published since 1913 by Sigma Xi. Each issue includes four to five feature articles written by scientists and engineers. These authors review research in all fields of science. Each issue also includes the work of cartoonists such as Sidney Harris Benita Epstein and Mark Heath.American Scientist Online (ISSN 1545-2786) was launched in May 2003.
 Australian GamePro was a bi-monthly video games magazine published by IDG from November 10 2003 to February 2007. The founding editor was Stuart Clarke who was succeeded in January 2006 by Chris Stead. According to the latter the magazine had doubled its sales from 2006 to 2007 but the decision to discontinue the publication came as a result of internal restructuring.
 The International Journal of High Speed Electronics and Systems was established in 1990 and is published quarterly by World Scientific. It aims to promote engineering education by advancing interdisciplinary science between electronics and systems and to explore high speed technology in photonics and electronics.
 This article is about the Inspector Morse novel. For the Doctor Who novel see The Way Through the Woods (Doctor Who)The Way Through the Woods is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the tenth novel in the Inspector Morse series. It received the Gold Dagger Award in 1992.The plot deals with the search for a beautiful young Swedish woman who went missing a year earlier. An anonymous riddle in the form of a five-stanza poem is sent to the police and the case is reopened.
 Globus is a Croatian weekly news magazine published in Zagreb.The magazine was started in 1990 having some of its first issues published during the Croatian War of Independence. Originally devised as tabloid it never took an openly chauvinist approach of Slobodni tjednik and always tried to give the appearance of objectivity.
 Absolute Friends is an espionage novel by John le Carré published in December 2003.
 The Gospel according to Mark (originally in Spanish El Evangelio según Marcos) is a short story by the Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges. It is one of the stories in the short story collection Doctor Brodie's Report (originally in Spanish El informe de Brodie) first published in 1970.
 Medaka Box (Japanese: めだかボックス Hepburn: Medaka Bokkusu) is a Japanese shōnen manga written by Nisio Isin and illustrated by Akira Akatsuki. The series follows the student council originally Medaka Kurokami and Zenkichi Hitoyoshi during their various adventures to honor suggestions presented by academy members in order to better the academy.Medaka Box was serialized in the Japanese magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump published by Shueisha between May 2009 and April 2013.
 TV Choice is a British weekly TV listings magazine published by H. Bauer Publishing the UK subsidiary of family-run German company Bauer Media Group. It features weekly TV broadcast programming listings running from Saturday to Friday and goes on sale every Tuesday at a cost of 45p. A double issue is released to cover the Christmas & New Year period at a higher price.
 Shpresa kombëtare is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Crystal Stopper is a mystery novel by Maurice Leblanc featuring the adventures of the gentleman thief Arsène Lupin.The novel appeared in serial form in the French newspaper Le Journal from September to November 1912 and was released as a novel subsequently. Maurice Leblanc was inspired by the infamous Panama scandals of 1892 and 1893. The novel borrows from Edgar Allan Poe's short story The Purloined Letter the idea of hiding an object in plain sight.
 The Tin Woodman of Oz: A Faithful Story of the Astonishing Adventure Undertaken by the Tin Woodman Assisted by Woot the Wanderer the Scarecrow of Oz and Polychrome the Rainbow's Daughter is the twelfth Land of Oz book written by L. Frank Baum and was originally published on May 13 1918. The Tin Woodman is unexpectedly reunited with his Munchkin sweetheart Nimmie Amee from the days when he was flesh and blood.
 The Unknown Soldier (Tuntematon sotilas) is author Väinö Linna's first major novel and his other major work besides Under the North Star. Published in 1954 it is a story about the Continuation War between Finland and the Soviet Union as told from the viewpoint of ordinary Finnish soldiers. Gritty and realistic it was partly intended to shatter the myth of the noble obedient Finnish soldier and in that it succeeded admirably.
 The Codebreakers – The Story of Secret Writing (ISBN 0-684-83130-9) is a book by David Kahn published in 1967 comprehensively chronicling the history of cryptography from ancient Egypt to the time of its writing. The United States government attempted to have the book altered before publication and it succeeded in part.
 Zetman (ゼットマン Zettoman) is a manga series by Masakazu Katsura. The series started as a one-shot in a series of four published in Weekly Shōnen Jump between 1989 and 1994 and collected into a tankōbon released in 1995. A more mature and full-fledged series started in Weekly Young Jump in 2002. Zetman has been adapted into an anime series that premiered on April 2 2012.
 Human Relations is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on social relationships in work-related settings. The journal is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Tavistock Institute of Human Relations (London). The journal was established in 1947 by the Tavistock Institute and the Research Center for Group Dynamics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 Zygon: Journal of Religion & Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering religion and science published by Wiley-Blackwell. It was established in 1966 and the editor-in-chief is Willem B. Drees (Leiden University). Zygon is sponsored by the Institute on Religion in an Age of Science and the Center for Advanced Study in Religion and Science.The name Zygon (mod. L. ad. ζυγόν Gr.
 Non-Sport Update (sometimes abbreviated as NSU) is a magazine published by Roxanne Toser Non-Sport Enterprises Inc. for collectors of non-sport and entertainment trading cards. Subjects that appear on these types of trading cards are television and movie properties comic book characters music icons product parodies and many other topics.The first edition of Non-Sport Update was published in October 1990. The magazine was published quarterly through 1993.
 The Paladin is a 1988 fantasy novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was published by Baen Books and was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1989. The book features no actual magic or supernatural occurrences and as such it can be considered an example of the Low Fantasy subgenre of fantasy fiction. It takes place in a fictional country clearly modeled upon (but by no means identical with) China of the Tang Dynasty.
 The Barracks was the first novel by Irish writer John McGahern (1934-2006). Critically acclaimed when it was published in 1963 it won the AE Memorial Award from the Arts Council of Ireland and the Macauley Fellowship.The Barracks is set in a police barracks similar to the one McGahern lived in with his father from the age of ten after his mother's death from breast cancer.
 Acta Zoológica Mexicana is a Mexican peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of terrestrial zoology. It was established in July 1955 by the Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biológicas del Instituto Politécnico Nacional (National School of Biological Sciences National Polytechnic Institute) and taken over in 1966 by the Museo de Historia Natural de la Ciudad de México (Natural History Museum in Mexico City) which published it from 1966 to 1971 the last issue being volume 10 number 4.
 The Silencers is the title of a 1962 spy novel by Donald Hamilton the fourth in a series of books featuring assassin Matt Helm.
 Dreaming Metal is a 1997 science fiction novel by Melissa Scott that explores the question of when does artificial intelligence become indistinguishable from human intelligence. Another important theme to the book is the impact of terrorism on the lives of people and how artists react to this. With its focus on technology and tensions between social classes this book is an example of the cyberpunk genre.
 The Encyclopedia of Punk is a reference book about punk rock written by Brian Cogan. The book's original title was The Encyclopedia of punk music and culture. The book traces the history of punk from its origins in the 1960s and 1970s to the present day. A large part of the book is made up of rare photos of bands.
 British Birds is a monthly ornithology magazine that was established in 1907. It is now published by BB 2000 Ltd which is wholly owned by The British Birds Charitable Trust (registered charity number 1089422) established for the benefit of British ornithology. Its circulation in 2000 was 5250 copies; its circulation peaked at 11000 in the late 1980s.
 The Sun Dog is one of four novellas by Stephen King appearing in the book Four Past Midnight published September 1990.
 Phase transitions and critical phenomena is a 20-volume series of books comprising review articles on phase transitions and critical phenomena published during 1972-2001. It is considered the most authoritative series on the topic.Volumes 1-6 were edited by Cyril Domb and Melville S. Green and after Green's death volumes 7-20 were edited by Domb and Joel Lebowitz.Volume 4 was never published. Volume 5 was published in two volumes as 5A and 5B.
 Dexter Is Delicious is the fifth novel written by Jeff Lindsay and the fifth book in the Dexter Morgan book series. The book was released in the UK on July 8 2010 and September 7 2010 in the United States.The book contains elements of cannibalism. Lindsay said of the research he put into writing the novel There are cannibal chat groups...just dying to give you a recipe for how to prepare and cook human flesh.
 Among the Barons is a 2003 book by Margaret Peterson Haddix about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation. It is the fourth of seven novels in the Shadow Children series.
 Boots and All is a book in the Aussie Chomps collection written by Australian author Sherryl Clark. The book was released in Australia on 3 February 2003.
 Wish (ウィッシュ Wisshu) is a Japanese shōjo manga series created by Clamp. It is published in English by Tokyopop. The American translation was imported to Australia by Madman Entertainment.
 Cambodge Soir was a weekly newspaper published in Cambodia and it was the most important French language Cambodian newspaper of the country. It was edited in Phnom Penh and distributed in different Cambodian provinces among French speaking foreigners and Cambodians. The newspaper closed down in 2010.
 The Goose Girl is a fantasy novel by Shannon Hale based on the Brothers Grimm fairy tale of the same title. The book won the 2003 Josette Frank Award for youth fiction.
 The Diary of a Young Girl (also known as The Diary of Anne Frank) is a book of the writings from the Dutch language diary kept by Anne Frank while she was in hiding for two years with her family during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands. The family was apprehended in 1944 and Anne Frank died of typhus in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. The diary was retrieved by Miep Gies who gave it to Anne's father Otto Frank the only known survivor of the family.
 Superman/Shazam: First Thunder is a 2006 comic book mini-series published by DC Comics written by Judd Winick with art by Joshua Middleton.The story recounts the first meeting between two DC superheroes Superman and Captain Marvel. Contrary to the usual popular stereotype the encounter proves most pleasant as they quickly become staunch allies whose individual differences complement each other well.
 NFL SuperPro was a short-lived comic book series published by Marvel Comics. Produced in collaboration with the NFL and written by Fabian Nicieza the series started publication in 1991 and ended after 12 issues. The hero of this comic is Phil Grayfield an ex-NFL-American football player who survived a freak accident and wears a near-indestructible football uniform.
 Today's Local News was a free five-day-a-week broadsheet newspaper that covered northern San Diego County in California.A rare modern-day start-up of a metropolitan broadsheet newspaper Today's Local News was the attempt by Copley Press owner of The San Diego Union-Tribune to get full-market coverage in the prosperous North County region also covered by the Lee Enterprises-owned North County Times and The Coast News.
 Walt Disney Giant was a forty-eight page bimonthly Disney comic book published by Gladstone Publishing. It featured the adventures of Scrooge McDuck his nephews Mickey Mouse and other Disney characters.
 My Mortal Enemy is the eighth novel by American author Willa Cather. It was first published in 1926.
 Un début dans la vie (A Start in Life) is a novel by the French writer Honoré de Balzac. It is the sixth of the Scènes de la vie privée (Scenes of Private Life) in La Comédie humaine.The novel was serialized in the review La Législature in 1842 under the title Le Danger des mystifications (The Dangers of Gasconade). In 1845 it appeared under its present title in the second Furne edition of La Comédie humaine.
 The IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing is a scientific journal published by the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE). It is dedicated to the study of signal processing and the Analysis. The IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing covers novel theory algorithms performance analyses and applications of techniques for the processing understanding learning retrieval mining and extraction of information from signals.
 The Night Manager is an espionage/detective novel by John le Carré published in 1993. It is his first post-Cold War novel detailing an undercover operation to nab an international criminal.
 Pawprints of Katrina: Pets Saved and Lessons Learned is a non-fiction book written by author and journalist Cathy Scott that documents the author's experience with an animal welfare group and the rescue and reunions of lost animals with their owners in the Gulf region.
 America is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection The Folk of the Fringe. Card originally published this story in the January 1987 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction magazine.
 The Journal of Colloid and Interface Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It covers research related to colloid and interface science with a particular focus on colloidal materials and nanomaterials; surfactants and soft matter; adsorption catalysis and electrochemistry; interfacial processes capillarity and wetting; biomaterials and nanomedicine; and novel phenomena and techniques. The editor-in-chief is Darsh T. Wasan (Illinois Institute of Technology).
 An American Demon: A Memoir is a 2011 novel/memoir by Jack Grisham that mixes a detailed account of the author's life up until the end of the 1980s with bits of philosophical fiction. The book deals with themes of religion substance abuse recovery programs depression child abuse family relationships punk rock surfing and cross dressing.
 Lost Souls is the first novel in the second trilogy of Dean Koontz's Frankenstein series and the fourth book overall. It debuted at #7 on the New York Times Hardcover Best Seller list.
 Thieves & Kings is a Canadian comic book series written penciled and published independently by Mark Oakley. The first issue was published in September 1994 with the creator planning on publishing a complete saga comprising 100 issues and about 2000 pages. The series is available as individual comic issues and in trade paperback form.Thieves & Kings is high fantasy set in a land called Oceansend with most of the story focused in and around the capital city of Highborn.
 The Journal of Individual Differences is an academic journal covering personality psychology published by Hogrefe Publishing. The editor in chief is Dr. André Beauducel. The Journal of Individual Differences publishes research on individual differences in behavior emotion cognition and their developmental aspects. It endeavours to integrate fields - for instance molecular genetics and theories of complex behavior.
 Black Apollo of Science: The Life of Ernest Everett Just is a biography of African-American biologist Ernest Everett Just written in 1983 by Kenneth R. Manning. The book was named one of 1984's notable books by The New York Times.Just was a pioneering African American biologist and educator.
 Vice Versa (1947–1948) subtitled America's Gayest Magazine is the earliest known U.S. periodical published especially for lesbians as well as the earliest extant example of the lesbian and gay press in that country.
 Mathematische Annalen (abbreviated as Math. Ann. or formerly Math. Annal.) is a German mathematical research journal founded in 1868 by Alfred Clebsch and Carl Neumann. Subsequent managing editors were Felix Klein David Hilbert Otto Blumenthal Erich Hecke Heinrich Behnke Hans Grauert Heinz Bauer Herbert Amann Jean-Pierre Bourguignon Wolfgang Lück and Nigel Hitchin.Volumes 1–80 (1869–1919) were published by Teubner. Since 1920 (vol. 81) the journal has been published by Springer.
 Glas Istre (English: Voice of Istria) is a Croatian regional daily newspaper published in Pula which mainly covers stories of interest from the Istria region in the northwest of the country.
 Digit is an Indian monthly technology magazine published by 9.9 Media. According to the last Indian Readership Survey results that mentioned it (IRS 2011 Q1) it has a readership of about 270000. .[citation needed] The IRS surveys have always shown Digit to be the most read technology magazine in India higher than even the combined readership of its peers. It is circulated in India officially but also reaches Nepal Sri Lanka Oman Dubai and some other countries through unofficial channels.
 World Policy Journal is a magazine on international relations published by SAGE Publications for the World Policy Institute. It contains primarily policy essays but also book reviews interviews and historical essays. Most articles are commissioned.
 Sporting News is an American sports website and former print magazine. It was established in 1886 and it became the dominant American publication covering baseball—so much so that it acquired the nickname The Bible of Baseball. It is currently owned by Sporting News Media.After 122 years as a weekly publication the magazine switched to a biweekly publishing schedule in 2008 and to a monthly schedule in 2011. In December 2012 the magazine announced it would go digital-only starting in 2013.
 Magical Thinking is a 2004 memoir by American writer Augusten Burroughs. The book contains stories from the adult life of Augusten Burroughs. Excerpts from the chapter Commercial Break can be seen in the music video for Linkin Park's Given Up.
 Ecology Law Quarterly (Bluebook abbreviation: Ecology L.Q.) is an environmental law review published quarterly by students at the UC Berkeley School of Law. The journal also produces Ecology Law Currents an online-only publication that contains short-form commentary and analysis on timely environmental law and policy issues.
 Open Skies Closed Minds a book on ufology expresses the views of Nick Pope a former UFO investigator with the British Ministry of Defence (MOD).The book provides an overview of the UFO phenomenon with the emphasis on Pope's three-year tour of duty as the Ministry of Defence's UFO desk officer. It examines a number of well-known UFO cases including the Roswell crash and the Rendlesham Forest Incident as well as a number of less well-known cases from the MOD's UFO case-files.
 This article is about the novel. For the unrelated 1999 film see Secret of the Andes (film)Secret of the Andes is a children's novel by Ann Nolan Clark. It won the 1953 Newbery Medal.
 Broadcast is a weekly magazine for the United Kingdom television and radio industry. It covers a wide range of news and issues affecting the professional broadcast market in the UK. Broadcast has regular weekly sections covering news commissioning facilities analysis opinion interview platforms production and ratings. Broadcast also often has a special feature covering an issue relevant to the industry.
 Great House is the third novel by the American writer Nicole Krauss published on October 12 2010 by W. W. Norton & Company. Early versions of the first chapter were published in Harper's (From the Desk of Daniel Varsky 2007)[1] Best American Short Stories 2008 and The New Yorker (The Young Painters June 2010). Great House was a finalist for the 2010 National Book Award in Fiction.
 Prestige Hong Kong is Hong Kong's first luxury lifestyle and society magazine. Launched in September 2005 Prestige Hong Kong is a monthly magazine that features a mix of fashion celebrities culture travel high society and world exclusive interviews with movie stars showcasing the very best in Hong Kong and across the globe.
 Hunger is a 2010 young adult novel by Jackie Morse Kessler. An anorexic teenage girl is given the duties of Famine of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Kirkus Reviews said the author's ear for dialogue fluid prose and dark humor elevate this brief novel above other 'issue books'. Library Media Connection said that the author's experience with bulimia brings realism to the topic and that the mix of fantasy and action makes this short novel...
 The Person and the Common Good is a 1947 book by Jacques Maritain his major contribution to social philosophy.
 Kultura (Russian: «Культура»; lit. Culture) known as Sovetskaya Kultura («Советская культура») during the Soviet times is a Russian newspaper based in Moscow. The newspaper was previously published twice weekly but is currently a weekly newspaper. Today the newspaper circulates 29200 copies a week in all federal subjects of Russia.
 The Echo is an evening newspaper which serves South Essex. It was formerly part of the Westminster Press owned by Pearson and is now owned by Newsquest.The paper was founded in September 1969 based in Basildon.
 Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone or The Picture That Saved A Fortune is Volume 17 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Click Clack Quackity-Quack: An Alphabetical Adventure is a children's picture book by Doreen Cronin and it is illustrated by Betsy Lewin.
 Ella Minnow Pea is a 2001 novel by Mark Dunn. The full title of the hardcover version is Ella Minnow Pea: a progressively lipogrammatic epistolary fable while the paperback version is titled Ella Minnow Pea: A Novel without Letters.
 Conjure Wife (1943) is a supernatural horror novel by Fritz Leiber. Its premise is that witchcraft flourishes as an open secret among women. The story is told from the point of view of a small-town college professor who discovers that his wife is a witch.This novel was the first by Fritz Leiber. It is said to have been the inspiration for at least three films: Weird Woman (1944)Night of the Eagle (aka Burn Witch Burn!) (1962) and Witches' Brew (aka Which Witch is Which?) (1980).
 Renegade's Magic is a book by Robin Hobb the third in her Soldier Son Trilogy.
 The Emperor's Games is the third and last book in a historical fiction trilogy about the 1st-century Roman Empire. Set primarily in Rome and Lower Germany circa AD 81-83 it follows the adventures of a pair of Roman brothers - one free-born and one slave-born - as they serve in the Roman legions.
 Sombrero Fallout: A Japanese Novel is Richard Brautigan's seventh novel completed in 1975 it was published the following year. Sombrero Fallout is a novel which follows two stories. The first revolves around a humorist in San Francisco in 1972 trying to cope with the recent loss of his Japanese lover which includes various dreams the ex-lover is having. During a particular fit the author becomes dissatisfied with a story he had just begun about a sombrero falling from the sky.
 Eight Skilled Gentlemen is a novel by Barry Hughart first published in 1990.It is the third and final part of a series set in a version of ancient China that began with Bridge of Birds and The Story of the Stone.
 La Repubblica (Italian pronunciation: [la reˈpubblika]) is a Italian daily general-interest newspaper. It was founded in 1976 in Rome by Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso led by Eugenio Scalfari and Carlo Caracciolo and Arnoldo Mondadori Editore. Born as a radical/socialist newspaper it has since moderated to a centre-left political stance.
 Daredevil is the title of a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris which was first published by Ward Lock in 1929 (followed by an American edition that same year by The Crime Club). This was Charteris' fourth full-length novel and is one of the few full-length books in his canon that does not feature the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint.
 The Dead Guy is a 2005 satirical play written by Scottish American playwright Eric Coble. The play which reflects on United States reality television premiered at the Curious Theatre Company in Denver Colorado in September 2005.
 The Middletons is a comic strip created by Ralph Dunagin and Dana Summers and distributed by Tribune Media Services . Set in Middletown it features a white suburban American family and their neighbors.
 Girls of Riyadh or Banat al-Riyadh (Arabic: بنات الرياض‎) is a novel by Rajaa Alsanea. The book written in the form of e-mails recounts the personal lives of four young Saudi girls Lamees Michelle (half Saudi half American) Gamrah and Sadeem.
 Traumatology was a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covered research in the field of traumatology. The editor-in-chief was Charles R. Figley. It was established in 1995 and was published by Sage Publications. The journal was discontinued after the December 2013 issue.
 Essential Teachings is a book by the 14th Dalai Lama. It is a translation of a series of talks first delivered in India. These talks took place in 1974 but this is the first English translation. The talks were in Tibetan and published under the title Enseignements essntiel in 1974 and again in 1987 with the title L'enseignment du Dalai-Lama The French translations were closely followed but the glossary was expanded in the English version.
 Zdravljica ([zdraʋˈljitsa]; English: A Toast) is a carmen figuratum poem by a 19th-century Romantic Slovene poet France Prešeren inspired by the ideals of Liberté égalité fraternité. It was written in 1844 and published with some changes in 1848. Four years after it was written Slovenes living within Habsburg Empire interpreted the poem in spirit of the 1848 March Revolution as political promotion of the idea of a united Slovenia.
 The Lady of the Barge is an anthology of short stories by W.W. Jacobs first published in 1902. Many of Jacobs' most famous short stories were included in this collection.
 NOTCH is an Indian entertainment and lifestyle online magazine. It is part of privately held Pradeep Dadha Group of Companies with Pradeep Dadha as chairman. NOTCH's corporate office is located in Chennai India.
 Parable of the Sower is the first in a two-book series of science fiction novels written by Octavia E. Butler and published in 1993.
 Sports Illustrated Women (previously called Sports Illustrated for Women) and also known as SI Women was a bimonthly sports magazine covering (according to its statement of purpose) the sports that women play and what they want to follow from basketball to tennis soccer to volleyball field hockey to ice hockey and figure skating and more. It featured real athletes told their real stories and gave the real scoop on women's sports.
 Honey x Honey Drops (蜜×蜜ドロップス  Mitsu x Mitsu Drops) is a shōjo manga series created by Kanan Minami. The first two volumes of the manga were adapted into a two-episode original video animation (OVA) in 2006. A dating sim adaptation of the manga Honey x Honey Drops Love x Love Honey Life was released as a PlayStation 2 game by Idea Factory on April 6 2006.
 Tammy was a weekly British comic for girls published by Fleetway in London from 1971 to 1984 at which point it merged with Girl.
 Journal of Research Practice (JRP) is a peer-reviewed electronic journal with a transdisciplinary focus published as an open access journal i.e. full-text access is free to all readers. It uses Open Journal Systems to manage the online publication process. The journal seeks to: connect scientific research-inclined persons working in different disciplinary institutional and practical contexts and through this extend the practice of research to progressively newer territories.
 Farewell to Manzanar is a memoir published in 1973 by Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston and James D. Houston. The book describes the experiences of Jeanne Wakatsuki and her family before during and following their imprisonment at the Manzanar concentration camp due to the United States government's internment of Japanese Americans during World War II. It was adapted into a made-for-TV movie in 1976 starring Yuki Shimoda Nobu McCarthy Pat Morita and Mako.
 The Murder of Biggie Smalls is a non-fiction true crime book by author and journalist Cathy Scott. Published in October 2000 by St. Martin's Press it covers the March 9 1997 murder in a drive-by shooting of the late rapper Christopher Wallace (a k a Biggie Smalls The Notorious B.I.G. and Big Poppa).
 This article is about a children comic book [[Category:1979 comic debuts]]Majid (Arabic: ماجد‎) is a pan-Arab comic book anthology and children's magazine published in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates by the Abu Dhabi Media Company. It has been in circulation and is released on a weekly basis since 28 February 1979.Majid is widely read in most Arab states and it had a weekly distribution of 175000 as of 2005. Syria does not have Majid.
 Herr Lehmann is a German novel by Sven Regener published in 2001 adapted for the screen in 2003. It has been translated into English by John Brownjohn under the title Berlin Blues.The book has sold more than 1 million copies in German and Regener received the Deutscher Filmpreis in gold for the screenplay. The story tells of the life of Frank Lehmann in Berlin in 1989.
 Violence and Victims is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering theory research policy and clinical practice in the area of interpersonal violence and victimization touching diverse disciplines such as psychology sociology criminology law medicine nursing psychiatry and social work.The journal's scope includes original research on violence-related victimization within and outside of the family; the etiology and perpetration of violent behavior; health care research related to interpersonal violence and to trauma; legal issues; and implications for clinical interventions. 
 GHLL (originally The Green Hills Literary Lantern) is a literary journal published by Truman State University. Founded in 1990 by Jack Smith a professor of English and Philosophy at North Central Missouri College as an inexpensively-produced outlet for student and faculty work the annual quickly grew to a regional and national mission.
 Brooklyn Dreams is an American comic book limited series written by J. M. DeMatteis and illustrated by Glenn Barr. It was published by the DC Comics imprint Paradox Press in 1994 and later collected into a trade paperback published by DC under its Vertigo imprint.It depicts the memories of an adult narrator Vincent Carl Santini remembering his childhood and life in Brooklyn New York.
 The Annals of Epidemiology is a peer reviewed journal devoted to epidemiological research and is published as the official journal for American College of Epidemiology.
 Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen is a 1965 science fiction novel by H. Beam Piper and is part of his Kalvan series of stories which is part of his larger Paratime series. It recounts the adventures of a Pennsylvania state trooper who is accidentally transported to a more backward parallel universe. It is Piper's last science fiction novel.The book is an expanded version of the novelette Gunpowder God which had been published in 1964 in Analog Magazine.
 The Mageborn Traitor is a fantasy novel written by author Melanie Rawn. It is the second book in the three-book Exiles Trilogy.
 Tom Thumb's Picture Alphabet is an illustrated picture book for children published in 1850s.
 A Small Town in Germany is a 1968 espionage novel by British author John le Carré. It is set in Bonn the small town of the title against a background of concern that former Nazis were returning to positions of power in West Germany.
 The Swami's Ring is the 61st volume in the Nancy Drew Stories series.
 West is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection The Folk of the Fringe. Card originally published a shorter version of this story in the short story collection Free Lancers: Alien Stars IV (1987).
 'The Bird is Gone: A Manifesto' is a murder mystery by Stephen Graham Jones. It was published in 2005 by Fiction Collective 2. The Bird is Gone: A Manifest is Jones' third novel.
 The Custody of the Pumpkin is a short story by British comic writer P. G. Wodehouse. It first appeared in the U.S. in the 29 November 1924 issue of The Saturday Evening Post and in the UK in the December 1924 issue of Strand Magazine.
 Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness is a graphic novel released in September of 2005 along with the Coheed and Cambria album of the same name. It is written by Claudio Sanchez illustrated by Christopher Shy and published by Evil Ink Comics
 Dark Calling is the ninth installment in Darren Shan's Horror/Adventure book series The Demonata.
 Innate Immunity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering innate immunity in humans animals and plants. It is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the International Endotoxin & Innate Immunity Society and the editor-in-chief is Otto Holst (Research Centre Borstel Germany). The journal was established in 1994 as the Journal of Endotoxin Research and obtained its current title in 2006.
 Grenadier (Japanese: グレネーダー Hepburn: Gurenēdā) is a manga series written and illustrated by Sōsuke Kaise published in Kadokawa Shoten's Shōnen Ace in 2003. The manga was licensed in Taiwan by Ever Glory Publishing.The manga was adapted into an animated television series in 2004. The anime series aired on WOWOW from October 14 2004 to January 13 2005 totaling twelve episodes.
 The Waterways Journal Weekly is the news journal of record for the towing and barge industry on the inland waterways of the United States chiefly the watershed of the Mississippi River and its tributaries and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway.Known as “The Riverman’s Bible” the periodical has published continuously from St. Louis Missouri since 1887.
 Red Dwarf: Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers is a best-selling science fiction comedy novel by Grant Naylor the collective name for Rob Grant and Doug Naylor co-creators and writers of the Red Dwarf television series on which the novel is based. First published in 1989 the novel presents the plotline of the TV series as a cohesive linear narrative providing expanded backstory of the Red Dwarf world and more fully developing each of the characters particularly Lister and Rimmer.
 Bhuswargo Bhayankar is a short novel by Satyajit Ray featuring the private detective Feluda published in 1987.
 Politisk Revy (Political Review in English) was a Danish bi-weekly political magazine with new left tendency. The magazine was named after the 1920s critical magazine Critical Revue.
 Supply & Demand Chain Executive is a business technology magazine for supply chain executives at manufacturing and non-manufacturing companies and organizations as well as public sector agencies covering solutions and services for improving supply chain operations and efficiencies. The magazine is issued in print four times per year and in e-book form seven times per year.
 The Big Nowhere is a 1988 crime fiction novel by James Ellroy the second of the L.A. Quartet a series of novels set in 1940s and 1950s Los Angeles. James Ellroy dedicated The Big Nowhere To Glenda Revelle. The epigraph for The Big Nowhere is a passage from a novel; It was written that I should be loyal to the nightmare of my choice- Joseph Conrad Heart of Darkness.
 Lucky Starr and the Big Sun of Mercury is the fourth novel in the Lucky Starr series six juvenile science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov that originally appeared under the pseudonym Paul French. The novel was first published by Doubleday & Company in March 1956. Since 1972 reprints have included a foreword by Asimov explaining that advancing knowledge of conditions on Mercury have rendered some of the novel's descriptions of that world inaccurate.
 The Curse of the Gloamglozer is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 2001. It is the fourth volume of The Edge Chronicles and the first of the Quint Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the first novel preceding the Twig Saga trilogy that was published earlier.
 Mary Anerley: a Yorkshire tale is a three-volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1880. The novel is set in the rugged landscape of Yorkshire's North Riding and the sea-coast of its East Riding.
 Collaboration: Japanese Agents and Local Elites in Wartime China is a history book which investigates collaboration between the Chinese elites and Japanese following the attack on the Chinese city of Shanghai in August 1937 just before the outbreak of the Second World War and during the subsequent military occupation of the Yangtze River Delta in China by Japan.The book is written by Timothy Brook a distinguished Canadian historian who specializes in the study of China (Sinology).
 Twenty-Nine Kisses from Roald Dahl is a 1969 short story collection for adults by Roald Dahl. The collection contains Someone Like You (1953) and Kiss Kiss (1960) Dahl's second and third short story collections. These twenty-nine stories written over a period of sixteen years comprise the core of Dahl's short fiction.
 Unexplained Fevers is a book of poetry that was written by Jeannine Hall Gailey and published by New Binary Press in 2013. This collection Gailey's third deals again with issues that affect contemporary women such as body image illness and how to deal with the limiting social norms and expectations of women. Familiar Grimms fairy tale characters make repeated appearances in this collection including The Snow Queen Rapunzel Red Riding Hood Snow White and Rose Red.
 The Rich and the Rest of Us: A Poverty Manifesto is a 2012 political non-fiction book written by Tavis Smiley and Cornel West.
 Neoconservatism: Why We Need It is a 2006 book written by Douglas Murray. The book's main aim is to describe how neoconservatism offers a coherent platform from which to tackle genocide dictatorships and human rights abuses in the modern world.
 Overture to Death is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the eighth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1939. The plot concerns a murder during a village theatrical performance; Sergei Rachmaninoff's Prelude in C-sharp minor plays a prominent part in the story. So does a Venetian Suite by Ethelbert Nevin. The murder weapon is a pistol hidden in a piano.
 30 Days of Night is the movie novelization of the film 30 Days of Night itself based on the comic series 30 Days of Night. The comic has several novel spinoffs of its own; however unlike those 30 Days of Night is not written by the comic author (Steve Niles) but by English horror writer Tim Lebbon. The novelization closely follows the plot of the movie.
 Library Review is an academic journal which was established in 1927 [1]. This journal focuses on social sciences specific to library and information sciences. The journal is published nine times a year by Emerald Group Publishing in the United Kingdom. The current editor (as of October 2011) is Doctor Judith Broady-Preston a senior lecturer for the Department of Information Studies at Aberystwyth University[2] in the United Kingdom.
 The Sundowners is a novel by Australian writer Jon Cleary.
 Black Sea Security (Ukrainian: Чорноморська безпека) is a Ukrainian magazine covering security problems in the Black Sea and Caspian Region. It is published by the Nomos Center and was established in February 8 2005. Articles are published in Ukrainian or Russian sometimes in English with Russian translation. All articles include short summaries in English.
 Confidence is a novel by Henry James first published as a serial in Scribner's Monthly in 1879 and then as a book later the same year. This light and somewhat awkward comedy centers on artist Bernie Longueville scientist Gordy Wright and the sometimes inscrutable heroine Angie Vivian. The plot rambles through various romantic entanglements before reaching an uncomplicated but still believable happy ending.
 The Two Sisters was the first novel published by English author H. E. Bates in 1926.
 The Bulletin of the Australian Carnivorous Plant Society was a quarterly periodical and the official publication of the Australian Carnivorous Plant Society. Established in April 1982 as Bulletin / South Australian Carnivorous Plant Society it continued publication until 2003. In a special general meeting of society members in September 2004 it was decided the bulletin would cease publication.
 101 Philosophy Problems (1999) is a philosophy book for a general audiences by Martin Cohen published by Routledge.
 A Universal History of Infamy or A Universal History of Iniquity (original Spanish title: Historia universal de la infamia) is a collection of short stories by Jorge Luis Borges first published in 1935 and revised by the author in 1954. Most were published individually in the newspaper Critica between 1933 and 1934.
 The Philomath Bulletin is the weekly newspaper of Philomath Oregon United States. The Philomath bulletin has been serving the communities of Philomath and Flynn since June 2007. All works of the paper are written by both publisher and editor Gary Burris and Kay Roth.
 The Lost Hero is a 2010 fantasy-adventure novel written by Rick Riordan and is based on Greek and Roman mythology. It is the first book in the series The Heroes of Olympus the next series about Camp Half-Blood. It was preceded by the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series which focused solely on Greek mythology.The book received generally positive reviews and managed to win the Barnes & Noble Best Book of 2010 and landed on five bestseller lists not including charts in the United Kingdom.
 A Talent for War is a science fiction and mystery novel by Jack McDevitt the story of a search by Alex Benedict the protagonist to discover the nature of a mysterious project Alex's uncle had been working on at the time of his death. This investigation leads deep into the history of a war between human civilization and a neighboring alien civilization and challenges the foundation mythos of the current human government.
 Yellow Men Sleep is a lost world novel by Jeremy Lane. It was first published in book form in 1919 by The Century Company. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine All-Story Weekly beginning May 3 1919.
 This is the page related to the Italian video game magazine. For the unrelated American video game magazine see GamePro.Game Pro is the Italian edition of Edge video game magazine specializing in multi-format video games.
 The Never War is a book in the Pendragon series by D.J. MacHale. In this book the main character Robert Bobby Pendragon follows the antagonist Saint Dane to a territory called First Earth which is essentially Earth in the year 1937.
 Brain Research Bulletin is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of neuroscience. It was established in 1976 with Matthew J. Wayner (then at Syracuse University) as founding editor in chief. Later it was edited by Stephen Dunnett (Cardiff University). He was succeeded in 2010 by Andres Buonanno (National Institute of Child Health and Human Development). It is published 18 times per year by Elsevier.
 Crusade is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Jean Dufaux illustrated by Philippe Xavier and published by Le Lombard in French and Cinebook in English.
 Hero Happy Hour is an American comic book co-created by writer Dan Taylor and artist Chris Fason. Like The Tick and less satirically Watchmen it takes place in a universe of vaguely familiar costumed crime fighters. All stories unfold in First City at The Hideout Bar & Grill (Drink Specials For All Heroes) and usually feature genre savvy humor.
 A History of the World in 10½ Chapters is a novel by Julian Barnes published in 1989. It is a collection of short stories in different styles; however at some points they echo each other and have subtle connection points. Most are fictional but some are historical.
 The Boston Evening Transcript was a daily afternoon newspaper in Boston Massachusetts published from July 24 1830 to April 30 1941.
 Young Samurai: The Way of the Sword is a children's historical novel by Chris Bradford published in 2009. It is the second in a series of action-adventure stories set in 17th century Japan following the exploits of an English boy Jack Fletcher as he strives to be the first gaijin samurai.The first book is titled Young Samurai: The Way of the Warrior (2008) and the third in the series is Young Samurai: The Way of the Dragon (2010).
 Kat Kong is a children's picture book created by Dav Pilkey that parodies King Kong with a housecat. Harcourt Brace & Company published this title in 1993. “The illustrations in this book are manipulated photographic collage heavily retouched with acrylic paint.” The photographs of the animals are of Pilkey’s own pets: Flash starring as Professor Vincent Varmit Rabies as Rosie Rodent Dwayne as Captain Charles Limburger and Blueberry as the Monster.
 Starborne is a 1996 science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg an expansion of Silverberg's 1973 story Ship-Sister Star-Sister.
 The Emigrants (Swedish: Utvandrarna) is a novel by Vilhelm Moberg from 1949. It is the first part of the The Emigrants series.
 L'Action sénégalaise ('Senegalese Action') was a French language weekly newspaper published from Saint-Louis Senegal. The publication was founded in 1922. From 1931 to 1934 Ahmed Sow Télémaque was the director of the newspaper.
 Literary Machines (short title) is a book first published in 1980 by Ted Nelson and republished 9 times by 1993. It offers an extensive overview of Nelson's term hypertext as well as Nelson's Project Xanadu. It also includes other theories by Nelson including tumblers for addressing bits in files past and present transclusion as a method for including original work in one's own work and micropayments to pay for the use.
 Private Yuk Objects is a 1966 Australian play about the Vietnam War. It is allegedly the first play in the world on that topic.
 Conan the Rogue is a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in November 1991; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1992 and was reprinted in January 1999.
 RFD: A Country Journal for Gay Men Everywhere is a reader-written magazine focused on gay country-living and alternative lifestyles. Founded in 1974 the magazine has been edited at various locations and by different communities over the course of its existence. While predating the Radical Faeries movement it has long been associated with Faeries. The magazine is currently published on a quarterly basis from New England.
 The Lampshade: A Holocaust Detective Story from Buchenwald to New Orleans is a 2010 nonfiction book by U.S. author Mark Jacobson. It recounts the attempt to ascertain the origin of a lampshade claimed to be made out of human skin.
 Teddy Dressing is a picture book by Bethany M. Owens and David James Owens published in 1986. It teaches independence through an illustrated story about a teddy bear getting dressed one morning thus helping children identify clothing items and learn how to dress themselves.
 The Lover's Dictionary is a 2011 novel by the American author David Levithan. It is his first novel for adults. This modern love story is told entirely through dictionary entries.
 Vietnam Inc. is a 1971 photographic book produced and published by Philip Jones Griffiths. It contains 266 black and white images of the civilian perspective of the Vietnam War taken during a three-year period. These often shocking pictures have been credited with changing public attitudes towards the war and the original book has become a collector's item. It was republished in 2001 with a foreword by Noam Chomsky.
 Marmalade Boy (ママレード·ボーイ Mamarēdo Bōi) is a shōjo manga by Wataru Yoshizumi. It was published by Shueisha in the magazine Ribon from May 1992 to October 1995 and collected in eight tankōbon volumes. The series was adapted by Toei Animation as a 76-episode anime television series which aired on TV Asahi and Fuji TV in 1994 to 1995. This was followed by a prequel theatrical anime movie in 1995.
 Conan of Aquilonia is a collection of four linked fantasy short stories written by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The stories were originally published in Fantastic for August 1972 July 1973 July 1974 and February 1975.
 SuperConsciousness Magazine is an independent quarterly theme-based magazine devoted to evidence-based human potential practical spirituality and an inspired visionary future. The publication is available in Print or Digital formats and is internationally distributed. SuperConsciousness also publishes a website a community site and a Science and Spirituality blog. The tag line for the magazine is The VOICE for Human Potential. The offices are based in western Washington State.
 The Italian or the Confessional of the Black Penitents (1797) is a Gothic novel written by the English author Ann Radcliffe. It is the last book Radcliffe published during her lifetime (although she did go on to write the novel Gaston de Blondeville which appeared posthumously in 1826). The Italian has a dark mysterious and somber tone and concerns the themes of love devotion and persecution by the Holy Inquisition.
 The Snake the Crocodile and the Dog is the seventh in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional archaeologist and sleuth Amelia Peabody.
 Nachrichtentechnische Fachberichte (abbreviated NTF or Nachrichtentech. Fachber.) is a German-language technical journal published by VDE-Verlag since 1956. It has been referred to as obscure.
 The Gardeners Dictionary was a widely cited reference series written by Philip Miller which tended to focus on plants cultivated in England. Many editions of the series were published.
 Dear Myself is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Eiki Eiki with a sequel World's End. They are licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released Dear Myself in August 2006 and World's End in October 2007. They are licensed in France by Asuka and in Germany by Egmont Manga.
 Eleanor & Park is 2013 young adult novel written by Rainbow Rowell.
 The Other Wind is a fantasy novel by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin published by Harcourt in 2001. It is the fifth and latest novel set in the fictional archipelago Earthsea.It won the annual World Fantasy Award for Best Novel and was runner up for the Locus Award Best Fantasy Novel among other nominations.The Other Wind is a sequel to Tehanu the fourth novel and to Dragonfly one story collected in Tales from Earthsea.
 Madumo a Man Bewitched is a 2000 non-fiction anthropology book written by Australian social scientist and professor Adam Ashforth.
 Laugh to Keep from Crying is a play written and directed by American playwright Tyler Perry. The show first opened in the fall of 2009. The play is a mixture of comedy drama and music set at an inner-city building in a predominantly African-American neighborhood.
 Gilead is a novel written by Marilynne Robinson that was published in 2004. It is her second novel following Housekeeping which was published in 1980. Gilead won the 2005 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction as well as the National Book Critics Circle Award. Gilead is an epistolary novel that is the fictional autobiography of the Reverend John Ames an elderly congregationalist pastor in the small secluded town of Gilead Iowa who knows that he is dying of a heart condition.
 Detatoko Princess (でたとこプリンセス lit. Suddenly Princess) is a Japanese manga written by Hitoshi Okuda and serialised in Dragon Comics from 1994 to 1999. The individual chapters were published in six bound volumes volumes by Fujimi Shobo. The manga was adapted into a 3-episode original video animation created by J.C.Staff. Directed by Akiyuki Shinbo the 3 OVAs were broadcast on AnimeWorks in United States between December 1 1997 and 1998. The OVA is licensed in United States by Media Blasters.
 Otouto Catcher Ore Pitcher De! (弟キャッチャー俺ピッチャーで！ Otouto Kyaccha Ore Piccha De!) is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Shinji Tonaka. It has been serialized in Monthly Shōnen Rival since May 2008. Tankōbon volumes containing four chapters are published by Kodansha. The first tankōbon of the series was released in August 2008 and the latest in December 2012.
 Matadana is a 1965 novel written by the famous Kannada writer philosopher thinker S L Bhyrappa. An award winning Kannada movie Matadana based on this novel which was directed by T N Seetharam secured 'Best Regional Film' award at 47th Indian National Film Awards. Matadana reveals the caste based politics and other dynamics that grip the democratic institution of ballot box in India.
 The Einstein Intersection is a 1967 science fiction novel by Samuel R. Delany. It won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1967 and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1968. Delany's intended title for the book was A Fabulous Formless Darkness.The novel is purportedly influenced by Marcel Camus's 1959 film Black Orpheus. The protagonist Lo Lobey is loosely based on the character of Orpheus and the character of Kid Death is likewise based on Death in that film.
 The Case of Jennie Brice is a crime novel by the American writer Mary Roberts Rinehart (1876–1956) set in 1904 in Allegheny City Pennsylvania (which since 1907 has been a part of the city of Pittsburgh).It tells the story of a blood-stained rope and towel and a missing tenant Jenny Brice—all of which convince Mrs. Pittman that a murder has been committed in her boarding house. But without a body the police say there is no case.
 Abilene Reporter-News is a daily newspaper based in Abilene Texas USA. The newspaper started publishing as the weekly Abilene Reporter helmed by Charles Edwin Gilbert on June 17 1881 just three months after Abilene was founded. It is hence the oldest continuous business in the city. It became a daily newspaper in 1885.Two months after starting the paper a fire destroyed several buildings in Abilene including Gilbert's office.
 Jerusalem Studies in Arabic and Islam is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of classical Islam Islamic religious thought Arabic language and literature the origins of Islamic institutions and the interaction between Islam and other civilizations. The founding editor-in-chief was M. J. Kister. Since 1993 the editor is Yohanan Friedmann. The journal is published by the Institute of Asian Studies of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
 Evolution and the Theory of Games is a 1982 book by the British evolutionary biologist John Maynard Smith on evolutionary game theory. In it Maynard Smith summarises work on evolutionary game theory that had developed in the 1970s to which he made several important contributions.
 Bio Hunter (バイオ・ハンター Baio Hantā) is a Japanese manga series authored by Fujihiko Hosono. It tells the story about two molecular biologists Koshigaya and Komada who take on humans with strange viruses that make them less human and more demonic. It was serialized in the Scola manga magazine Comic Burger.The manga was also adapted into an hour-long single-episode anime OVA produced by Madhouse Studios and Toei Video directed by Yuzo Sato and scripted by Yoshiaki Kawajiri.
 The Occidental Quarterly is an American journal published by the Charles Martel Society. Its stated aim is to defend the cultural ethnic and racial interests of Western European peoples and examine contemporary political social and demographic trends that impact the posterityof Western Civilization. Historian Tony Taylor described the publication as a far-right racially obsessed US Magazine. Other sources have referred to it as white nationalist.
 Betty Boop and Felix was a newspaper comic strip starring Betty Boop and Felix the Cat which ran from November 19 1984 to 1988. It was written by Mort Walker’s sons Brian Morgan Greg and Neal who signed their work as “The Walker Brothers.”Debuting at the height of Garfield’s popularity this King Features Syndicate strip showed Betty Boop as a working woman and Felix as her pet (replacing Pudgy as Betty's pet).
 Enemies & Allies is a 2009 novel by American science fiction author Kevin J. Anderson. The book is set in the 1950s in the midst of the Cold War and follows Superman and Batman. Though suspicious of each other they confront Lex Luthor who stages an international nuclear conflict and spreads fear of an alien invasion so that he can sell advanced weapons to governments. Themes used in the novel reflective of the 1950s era include alien invasion films nuclear threats and Cold War paranoia.
 Journal of Persianate Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing articles on the culture of a vast geographical area (including Iran Afghanistan and Tajikistan as well as the Caucasus Central Asia the Indian subcontinent and parts of the former Ottoman Empire) where the Persian language has or has had a significant presence.
 Sztafeta (English: Relay race) is a 1939 book of literary reportage written by Melchior Wańkowicz. Sztafeta was published in the year of the Nazi-Soviet invasion of Poland. Due to popular demand it was reprinted four times already by Biblioteka Polska prior to the outbreak of hostilities. The book was never reprinted in Communist Poland because it praised the democratic achievements of the prewar Second Polish Republic.
 The Journal of Molecular Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in neuroscience. It is published by Humana Press and the editor-in-chief is Illana Gozes. In 1999 the journal absorbed Molecular and Chemical Neuropathology a journal that had been established in 1983 as Neurochemical Pathology. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.504.
 The Cornhill Magazine was a Victorian magazine and literary journal named after Cornhill Street in London.Cornhill was founded by George Murray Smith in 1859 the first issue carrying the cover date of January 1860. It continued until 1975. It was a literary journal with a selection of articles on diverse subjects and serialisations of new novels.
 Tales of the Dead was an English anthology of horror fiction abridged from the French book Fantasmagoriana and translated anonymously by Sarah Elizabeth Utterson who also added one story of her own. It was published in 1813 by White Cochrane and Co..
 Turkish Policy Quarterly is an Istanbul-based quarterly magazine aiming to foster original thinking and constructive policy debates on Turkey and its neighborhood. It was established in 2002.
 How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must) is a 2004 book by Ann Coulter.The book is a collection of columns written by Coulter between September 12 2001 and March 9 2005 on liberalism the war on terror and the media.In it Coulter offers advice gleaned from her experience as a political pundit.
 Blueberries for Sal is a children's picture book by Robert McCloskey. It was awarded the Caldecott Honor in 1949.The story is of a little girl Sal and her mother as they go out into the country to pick blueberries for winter and a bear and his mother as they go to eat berries for winter from the other side of the same hill.
 The Skateboard Mag is an independently published American skateboarding magazine that has published over 100 issues (in 2005 its circulation was approximately 90000) and featured professional skateboarder Danny Way on the cover of its inaugural issue depicted mid-air while executing a trick on a construction known as the Mega Ramp. As of February 2005 the publication is owned by a group that consists of seven partners while the magazine employs eleven full-time staff members.
 The Studia Socjologiczne (Sociological Studies) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal co-published by the Polish Academy of Sciences (PAN Institute of Philosophy and Sociology and the PAN Committee on Sociology) and the University of Warsaw. It covers various areas of sociology. The journal publishes articles in Polish and since 2012 English.
 This article is about Tolstoy's play. For the unrelated 1967 Hollywood film see The Living Corpse (1967 film). The Living Corpse (Russian: Живой труп) is a Russian play by Leo Tolstoy. Although written around 1900 it was only published shortly after his death—Tolstoy had never considered the work finished. An immediate success it is still performed.
 The Communications of the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory was a monographic series that ran from 1962 to 1973 and covered publications and reports by the staff of the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory.The series is indexed and abstracted in GeoRef and Inspec.
 The Daydreamer is a 1994 children's novel by British author Ian McEwan. Illustrated by Anthony Browne the book comprises seven interlinked stories about a young boy Peter Fortune whose daydreams place him into various fantastic situations: he discovers a cream that makes people vanish transforms into a cat a baby a doll and in the last story an adult. The novel was first published by Jonathan Cape.
 Moby Dick—Rehearsed is a two-act drama by Orson Welles. The play was staged June 16–July 9 1955 at the Duke of York's Theatre in London in a production directed by Welles. The original cast included Welles Gordon Jackson Patrick McGoohan and Joan Plowright. The play was published by Samuel French in 1965.Welles used minimal stage design. The stage was bare the actors appeared in contemporary street clothes and the props were minimal.
 Put on by Cunning is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell. It was first published in 1981 and features her popular series protagonist Inspector Wexford. It is the 11th in the series.
 Fiela's Child is a South African novel written by Dalene Matthee and published in 1985. The book was originally written in Afrikaans under the name Fiela se Kind and was later translated into not only English but French German Spanish Italian Hebrew and Icelandic among others. The story is set in the forests of Knysna in South Africa in the nineteenth century and tells the story of a Cape Coloured woman Fiela and her family who adopt an abandoned white child.
 Ironweed is a 1983 novel by William Kennedy. It received the 1984 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and is the third book in Kennedy's Albany Cycle. It placed at number ninety-two on the Modern Library list of the 100 Best Novels written in English in the 20th Century and is also included in the Western Canon of the critic Harold Bloom.
 The Journal of Business Ethics Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that examines the particular challenges facing business ethics educators. It publishes articles case studies and reviews intended to help instructors do a better job in the classroom. Established in 2004 the journal is edited by John Hooker at Carnegie Mellon University and published by NeilsonJournals Publishing in print and electronic formats.
 The Kindred is a group of humanoid animals. They were introduced in a four-issue comic book mini-series published by Image Comics in 1994. Its writers were Jim Lee Brandon Choi Sean Ruffner and Brett Booth who was also the artist. A second mini-series was published in 2002 under the Wildstorm imprint. Brett Booth was the sole writer and artist this time. Both series featured Grifter and Backlash fighting the Kindred.
 Upstream is an independent oil and gas industry's upstream sector weekly newspaper and a daily internet news site. The newspaper is owned by NHST Media Group. It is headquartered in Oslo Norway. The newspaper covers the upstream sector of the global oil and gas industry with full-time staff correspondents in all the major centres of the industry. It is published every Friday.
 Arctic Anthropology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the archaeology ethnology and physical anthropology of arctic and subarctic peoples. It is indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index and Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.212.The journal was established in 1962 by Chester S. Chard and its current editor-in-chief is Christyann M.
 Weird Worlds was a science fiction anthology title from DC Comics that was published between 1972 and 1974 and ran for 10 issues. The title's name was partially inspired by the sales success of Weird War Tales and Weird Western Tales.Weird Worlds published series from Edgar Rice Burroughs that DC had obtained the licensing rights.
 The Millionairess is a play written in 1936 by George Bernard Shaw. It tells the story of Epifania a spoiled heiress and her search for a suitor.Shaw wrote the play in 1936 expressly for Dame Edith Evans. Evans rejected the role calling it too icy.
 Clinical Pediatrics is a peer-reviewed medical journal of pediatrics that was established in 1962. It is published monthly by SAGE Publications and edited by Russel W. Steele.
 Psychic Academy (サイキックアカデミー煌羅万象 Saikikku Akademī Ōra Banshō) is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Katsu Aki. It was published by Kodansha in Magazine Z between 1999 and 2003. An anime ONA (original net animation) adaptation was produced by E.G. Films in 2002. Both the manga and anime have been licensed for American distribution by Tokyopop.
 Political Science is an international peer-reviewed academic journal of political science. The journal was established at Victoria University of Wellington in 1948 and remains New Zealand's sole professional journal of political science. Political Science is published twice a year by Sage Publications and focuses on but is not limited to scholarship on the Asia-Pacific region.
 The International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences was first published in 1968 and was edited by David L. Sills and Robert K. Merton. It contains seventeen volumes and thousands of entries written by scholars around the world. The 2nd edition is composed entirely of new articles. It was published in 2008 and edited by William A.
 Rideback (ライドバック Raidobakku) stylized as RIDEBACK or RideBack is a Japanese manga series created by Tetsurō Kasahara. It was serialized in Shogakukan's monthly Ikki magazine from March 2003 to January 2009 spanning a total of ten volumes. Set in Japan in 2020 it follows the story of female student Rin Ogata as she comes across a two-wheeled automobile robot known as a Rideback. In 2009 it was adapted into an anime TV series by Madhouse.
 The European Journal of Contraception and Reproductive Health Care is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes research and review articles in all areas of contraception and reproductive health care. It is the official journal of the European Society of Contraception and Reproductive Health.
 Pascali's Island is a novel by Barry Unsworth first published in 1980. The first United States publication of the book by Simon & Schuster was titled The Idol Hunter.The film version produced in (1988) was written and directed by James Dearden. It stars Ben Kingsley Charles Dance and Helen Mirren.The novel is set on an island which is an outpost of the Ottoman Empire in 1908. Basil Pascali is a spy who reports regularly to Istanbul on the activities of the local people.
 The John Riddell Murder Case is a novel written by Corey Ford under the pseudonym of John Riddell. It was published in 1930. Subtitled A Philo Vance Parody it also mocks a number of other best-selling books and authors of the time period.
 Growth and Change: A Journal of Urban and Regional Policy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. The journal was established in 1970. Its current editors-in-chief are Dan Rickman (Oklahoma State University) and Barney Warf (University of Kansas). The journal covers economics geography regional science urban and regional planning public finance sociology and agricultural economics.
 The Circle is a comic book series written by Brian Reed with art by Ian Hosfeld.The story has been described as a 21st century 'A-Team'.
 Leaves of Grass is a poetry collection by the American poet Walt Whitman (1819–1892). Though the first edition was published in 1855 Whitman spent his entire life writing and re-writing Leaves of Grass revising it in several editions until his death.
 Exiles to Glory is a short science fiction novel by American writer Jerry Pournelle published in 1978. It is a sequel to the stories in the collection High Justice. As with those stories it weaves the story of pioneering individuals in space with considerations of the technical and financial challenges facing them.
 Kerberos Panzer Cop also known as Kerberos Panzer Cops literally Dog-Wolf Legend: Hellhound Armoured Cop (犬狼伝説 Kenrou Densetsu) is a 1988 to 2000 Kerberos saga manga written by Mamoru Oshii and illustrated by Kamui Fujiwara (Studio 2B) with mechanical design by Yutaka Izubuchi. This comic series tales events prior to those portrayed in Oshii's 1987 live-action feature film The Red Spectacles.
 Tales in Time is an anthology of science fiction short stories about time (though not necessarily as is usual in the genre time travel) edited by Peter Crowther. It was first published as a trade paperback by White Wolf Publishing in April 1997.
 The Outlaws of Mars is a science fiction novel by Otis Adelbert Kline in the planetary romance subgenre pioneered by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was originally serialized in seven parts in the magazine Argosy beginning in November 1933. It was first published in book form in 1961 in hardcover by Avalon Books in 1961; the first paperback edition was issued by Ace Books in the same year.
 The International Journal of STD & AIDS is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of immunology as applied to sexually-transmitted diseases and HIV/AIDS. Its editor-in-chief is John White (Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust). It was established in 1990 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Not to be confused with The Daily Beast.The Beast was originally a Buffalo New York alternative biweekly newspaper which now publishes exclusively online.The Beast was founded by Matt Taibbi Kevin McElwee and Paul Fallon in 2002. The format was originally a free biweekly newspaper but changed in 2007 when it began to charge for issues as a national monthly publication that also offered international subscriptions.
 Little Wizard Stories of Oz is a set of six short stories written for young children by L. Frank Baum the creator of the Oz books. The six tales were published in separate small booklets Oz books in miniature in 1913 and then in a collected edition in 1914 with illustrations by John R. Neill.
 The Watchmen is a novel by John Altman published in 2004.The novel has a reference about project MKULTRA
 The Observer established in 1896 is a newspaper that serves Union and Wallowa counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. Its headquarters are in La Grande the county seat of Union County. The Observer circulates Monday Wednesday and Friday afternoons to more than 11000 people. It is owned by the Bend-based Western Communications a family-owned company that also owns newspapers in Baker City Brookings and Redmond and in Crescent City and Sonora California.
 The Revue médicale suisse is a weekly peer-reviewed medical journal published in French and aimed at the continuing medical education of medical practitioners and the francophone medical community in general.
 The Gympie Times is a daily newspaper serving Gympie in Queensland Australia. The newspaper is owned by APN News & Media and is published from Monday to Saturday.The Gympie Times is circulated north to Tiaro west to Kilkivan and south to Noosa. The circulation of The Gympie Times is 13200 Monday to Friday and 21600 on Saturday.The Gympie Times website is part of the APN Regional News Network.
 Insect Dreams: The Half Life of Gregor Samsa is a sequel to Franz Kafka's short-story The Metamorphosis written in 2002 by Marc Estrin.
 Nine Suitcases is a one-man stage play adapted for theatre and performed by British actor David Prince from the Holocaust memoirs of Béla Zsolt as translated from Hungarian into English by Ladislaus Lob. Music was composed and performed by Bethan Morgan. It was directed by Lynn Hunter.
 Heroes in Hell is an anthology book and the first volume of its namesake series created by Janet Morris. The book placed eighth in the annual Locus Poll for Best Anthology in 1987. Newton Sleep by Gregory Benford originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction received a Nebula Award nomination in 1986 as well as placing 16th in its category in the Locus Poll.
 Kato Ajanare (All the unknown) is a Bengali novel written by Mani Shankar Mukherjee. This was Shankar's first novel.
 Irish Theological Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes systematic moral and historical theology as well as sacred scripture. The editor-in-chief is Declan Marmion (St Patrick's College). It was established in 1906 and a new series was started in 1951. It is published by Sage Publications on behalf of St Patrick's College.
 There Ain't No Justice is sports novel by the British writer James Curtis first published in 1937.
 Brother Jonathan was a weekly publication operated by Benjamin Day from 1842 to 1862 and was the first weekly illustrated publication in the United States.
 Abu-san (あぶさん) is a baseball manga by Shinji Mizushima that has been serialized in seinen manga magazine Big Comic Original since 1973. It tells the story of fictional baseball player Yasutake Kageura (景浦安武 Kageura Yasutake). Despite enjoying a long serialization spanning over 30 years it has received no anime or live-action adaptations. In 1977 it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general manga.
 The Tao of Physics: An Exploration of the Parallels Between Modern Physics and Eastern Mysticism is a book by physicist Fritjof Capra published in 1975 by Shambhala Publications of Berkeley California. It was a bestseller in the United States and has been published in 43 editions in 23 languages. The fourth edition in English was published in 2000.
 OWL Magazine is a popular Canadian children’s magazine founded in 1976.
 Euthanasia: Opposing Viewpoints is a book in the Opposing Viewpoints series.It presents selections of contrasting points of view on four central questions about euthanasia: whether it is ethical; whether it should be legalized; whether legalizing it would lead to involuntary killing; and whether physicians should assist in suicide.It was edited by James D. Torr.
 Eastern Eye is a British weekly newspaper. It was created in 1989 and was first published by The Guardian before becoming a standalone newspaper.The company behind Eastern Eye changed several times since its foundation by Sarwar Ahmed.
 The Ruby in the Smoke (1985) is a novel by the English author Philip Pullman. It was also adapted for television in 2006. It is the first of the Sally Lockhart Quartet. It is followed by The Shadow in the North The Tiger in the Well and The Tin Princess.
 Finishing Becca: A Story about Peggy Shippen and Benedict Arnold by Ann Rinaldi is a historical fiction published in 1994. It takes place during the revolutionary war (about 1778-1782).A story of friendship and trust.
 Manga Erotics F ( マンガ・エロティクス・エフ) is a bimonthly manga magazine by Ohta Publishing. It was first published as a monthly magazine on January 1 2001 and switched to bimonthly in May 2002 releasing on the seventh of odd months. The manga magazine was created as a merger of two former magazines by Ohta Publishing the monthly Manga Erotics and the seasonal Manga F. Manga artist Naoki Yamamoto has a supervisorial role in the publication of the magazine to which he also contributes some works.
 The Samaja is an Oriya daily newspaper published in Cuttack Odisha India; started in 1919 it is one of the oldest papers in this region. Utkalamani Gopabandhu Das a prominent freedom fighter and social worker started it as a weekly from Satyabadi of Puri district of Odisha to facilitate the freedom struggle and to revive the moribund Oriya language. Under Gopabandhu's leadership and with the support of local people the paper grew into prominence.
 Shōjo Comic (少女コミック commonly abbreviated to 少コミ Shōkomi Sho-Comi or Shōcomi) is a shōjo manga magazine published twice monthly in Japan by Shogakukan since 1968. It was originally published weekly and it continued to be published weekly until the 1980s. Many influential shōjo manga ran in Shōjo Comic during the 70s.
 Princeton Tiger or Tiger Magazine is a college humor magazine published by Princeton University undergraduates since 1882. A number of its writers and editors later went on to notable literary careers including Booth Tarkington F. Scott Fitzgerald Robert Caro and John McPhee. The magazine's style has not remained stagnant over the past 120 years.
 The Godfather Effect is a 2012 critically acclaimed study of the Godfather films - as well as Mario Puzo's novel - and their effect on American culture. Written by biographer Tom Santopietro the book demonstrates how The Godfather was a turning point in American cultural consciousness.
 Ecology of Fear: Los Angeles and the Imagination of Disaster is a 1998 book by Mike Davis examining how contemporary Los Angeles is portrayed in the popular media.
 The Crucible is the primary student publication of the University of Northern Colorado. It is a literary magazine by the United Student Literary Voices club which consists mostly of English students at the University. It includes student works of poetry short prose fiction creative essays and black and white art including photography.
 The Hill Times is a Canadian weekly newspaper that covers the federal government and politics. Founded in 1989 this Ottawa based periodical is owned by Jim Creskey and Ross Dickson.[citation needed] The Editor is Kate Malloy.The publication features political news items and public policy briefings lists surveys feature stories profiles opinion columns and analysis.
 The Haunted Castle is a 1979 anthology of 12 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders. This is a companion volume to Old Witch Boneyleg.
 Zoological Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Zoological Society of Japan covering the broad field of zoology. The journal was established in 1984 as a result of the merger of Zoological Magazine (1888-1983) and Annotationes Zoologicae Japonenses (1897- 1983) the former official journals of the Zoological Society of Japan. Zoological Science has been a BioOne member since 2007.
 The New York Journal-American was a newspaper published from 1937 to 1966. The Journal-American was the product of a merger between two New York newspapers owned by William Randolph Hearst: The New York American (originally the New York Journal renamed American in 1901) a morning paper and the New York Evening Journal an afternoon paper. Both were published by Hearst from 1895 to 1937. The American and Evening Journal merged in 1937. The Journal-American was an afternoon publication.
 Super Prep is a sports magazine published in Laguna Beach California in the United States. It was founded by Allen Wallace a lawyer in 1985. Its main focus is to provide recruiting information on high school football stars.
 The Washington Free Beacon is an American web site that publishes news and associated content from a U.S. conservative perspective. It states it is committed to serving the public interest by reporting news and information that currently is not being fully covered by other news organizations.It was founded in February 7 2012 by Matthew Continetti. It is a project of the 501(c)4 organization Center for American Freedom.
 The Common Law is a book that was written by Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. in 1881. Holmes later (1902) became an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States.The book is about common law in the United States including torts property contracts and crime. It is written as a series of lectures. It has gone out of copyright and is available in full on the web at Project Gutenberg.
 7 Dney is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 The Blind Assassin is an award-winning bestselling novel by the Canadian writer Margaret Atwood. It was first published by McClelland and Stewart in 2000. Set in Canada it is narrated from the present day referring back to events that span the twentieth century.The work was awarded the Man Booker Prize in 2000 and the Hammett Prize in 2001. It was also nominated for Governor General's Award in 2000 Orange Prize for Fiction and the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award in 2002.
 A Clubbable Woman is a crime novel by Reginald Hill the first novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.
 Becoming Jane Austen was researched and written by the Jane Austen scholar Jon Hunter Spence.Becoming Jane Austen was first published in hardcover by Hambledon Continuum in 2003. It chronicles the early life of Jane Austen the encounters and the developing relationship between Austen and Tom Lefroy based on letters sent by Jane Austen to her sister Cassandra. The book was used as the basis for the film Becoming Jane which was released in January 2007 (Sydney).
 Dark Back of Time is a 1998 book by the Spanish writer Javier Marías. Ester Allen’s English translation was published by New Directions in 2001. The book is a meditation on the sources of and reactions to the author's 1992 novel All Souls.
 Fucsia (Spanish: Fuchsia) is a Colombian-based monthly magazine. It is the leading women's fashion magazine in Colombia.
 Vale of the Vole is the tenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.It begins a trilogy including Heaven Cent and Man from Mundania. The novel was written as a satirical jab at the canalization of the Kissimmee River in Piers' native state of Florida as a result of the effects of the 1947 Atlantic hurricane season.
 Narrative Inquiry in Bioethics is a triannual academic journal that was established in 2011 and published by Johns Hopkins University Press on behalf of the Foundation for Narrative Inquiry in Bioethics. The editors-in-chief are James M. DuBois (Washington University School of Medicine) and Ana S. Iltis (Wake Forest University).
 Vocabulario manual de las lenguas castellana y mexicana is a Spanish-Nahuatl dictionary by Pedro de Arenas first published some time before 1611 (the year of the second edition). It was one of the most popular Nahuatl dictionaries going through at least eleven editions in 220 years.
 PoPoLoCrois (ポポロクロイス物語 Poporokuroisu monogatari) is a manga series by Tamori Yousuke originally published in the Asahi Student Newspaper (a subsidiary of the Asahi Shimbun newspaper). It was later adapted into two anime series and five role-playing video games. Its title is a combination of words from two languages: the Italian word Popolo (people) and the French croix (crossing) which together mean crossing of people.
 Mechanisms of Development is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of developmental biology. It is the official journal of the International Society of Developmental Biologists and is published by Elsevier. The journal was established in 1972 as Cell Differentiation and was renamed Cell Differentiation and Development in 1988. It acquired its current name in December 1990. The editor-in-chief is D. Wilkinson (National Institute for Medical Research).
 Riders is an international best-selling novel written by the English author Jilly Cooper. It is the first of a series of romance novels known as the Rutshire Chronicles which are set in the fictional English county of Rutshire. The story focuses on the lives of a group of top show jumping stars and follows the ups and downs of both their personal and professional lives. A television adaptation of the novel was made in 1993 directed by Gabrielle Beaumont and broadcast by ITV.
 Nature Girl is a caper drama satire by Carl Hiaasen first published in 2006.
 TVTimes is a television listings magazine published in the United Kingdom by IPC Media a subsidiary of Time Warner. It is known for its access to television actors and their programmes. In 2006 it was refreshed for a more modern look increasing its emphasis on big star interviews and soaps. TVTimes belongs to IPC Media's family of television magazines within IPC Media's sub-group Connect.
 Liber AL vel Legis (Latin pronunciation: [ˈliːber ˈaɫ weɫ ˈleɡis])[citation needed] is the central sacred text of Thelema written down from dictation mostly by Aleister Crowley although Rose Edith Crowley is also known to written two phrases into the manuscript of the Book after its dictation. Crowley claimed it was dictated to him by a discarnate entity named Aiwass or Aiwaz.
 Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura (義経千本桜) or Yoshitsune and the Thousand Cherry Trees is a Japanese play one of the three most popular and famous in the Kabuki repertoire. Originally written in 1747 for the jōruri puppet theater by Takeda Izumo II Miyoshi Shōraku and Namiki Senryū I it was adapted to kabuki the following year.Adapted to Kabuki the play premiered in that mode in January 1748 in the city of Ise in Mie Prefecture.
 Round Heads and Pointed Heads (German: Die Rundköpfe und die Spitzköpfe) is an epic parable play written by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht in collaboration with Margarete Steffin Emil Burri Elisabeth Hauptmann and the composer Hanns Eisler.
 High Wizardry is the third novel of the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane. It was published in 1990.
 A New Kind of Science is a best-selling controversial book by Stephen Wolfram published in 2002. It contains an empirical and systematic study of computational systems such as cellular automata. Wolfram calls these systems simple programs and argues that the scientific philosophy and methods appropriate for the study of simple programs are relevant to other fields of science.
 Irish Fairy Tales is a retelling of ten Irish folktales by the Irish author James Stephens. The English illustrator Arthur Rackham provided interior artwork including numerous black and white illustrations and sixteen color plates. The stories are set in a wooded Medieval Ireland filled with larger-than-life hunters warriors kings and fairies.
 Neo Gōmanism Manifesto Special - On War (新・ゴーマニズム宣言SPECIAL 戦争論 Shin Gōmanism Sengen Supesharu - Sensō Ron) is a controversial series of manga written by right-wing Japanese manga artist Yoshinori Kobayashi. It was published in a series of three volumes by Gentosha as a supplement (hence the Special title) to the Neo Gōmanism (新・ゴーマニズム宣言 Shin Gōmanism Sengen) series serialized in SAPIO magazine from September 1995 onwards.
 Zzap!64 was a computer games magazine covering games on the Commodore International series of computers especially the Commodore 64 (C64). It was published in the UK by Newsfield Publications Ltd and later by Europress Impact.The magazine launched in April with the cover date May 1985 as the sister magazine to CRASH. It focused on the C64 for much of its shelf life but later incorporated Amiga game news and reviews.
 The Skystone is a historical fiction novel written by Jack Whyte which was first published in 1992. The story is told by a Roman Officer called Publius Varrus who is an expert blacksmith as well as a soldier.
 The young-adult novel (un)arranged marriage is the first novel by the British-Indian author Bali Rai (born 1971 in Leicester England).
 Back to Blood is the title of Tom Wolfe's fourth novel published by Little Brown. The novel set in Miami focuses on the subject of Cuban immigrants in Miami Florida.
 The Keeper of Secrets is a 1971 comic novel by the American writer Lester Goran.It tells the story of a novelist Shimen Groff who after years of neglect is suddenly under consideration for the Nobel Prize for Literature.
 Al-Insaniyyah (Arabic: الإنسانية‎ 'Humanity') was a weekly Arabic-language newspaper circulated in Lebanon and Syria. It was issued as the organ of the Syrian-Lebanese People's Party (the public front organization of the Syrian-Lebanese Communist Party). The newspaper was launched by the general secretary of the People's Party Yusuf Ibrahim Yazbak on May 15 1925.Al-Insaniyyah was named after the French communist newspaper l'Humanité.
 Destry Rides Again is the title of a 1930 novel by Max Brand. One of Brand's most famous works it remained in print 70 years after its first publication. It is the story of Harrison Destry's quest for revenge against the twelve jurors whose personal malice leads them to wrongfully convict him of robbery.
 The Hermaphrodite is an incomplete novel by Julia Ward Howe about a hermaphrodite raised as a male but whose underlying gender ambiguity often creates havoc in his life. Its date of creation is uncertain; University of Idaho professor Gary Williams hypothesizes that it was probably written between 1846 and 1847.
 The Spire is a 1964 novel by the English author William Golding. A dark and powerful portrait of one man's will it deals with the construction of the 404-foot high spire loosely based on Salisbury Cathedral; the vision of the fictional Dean Jocelin. In this novel William Golding utilises stream of consciousness writing with an omniscient but increasingly fallible narrator.
 Canoe & Kayak UK is a best-selling[citation needed] British canoeing magazine. Published worldwide it covers all branches of British canoeing and kayaking but is primarily focused on sea surf and whitewater paddling. The magazine team can be seen at many canoeing and outdoor sports event throughout the UK such as the Kendal Mountain Festival Ordnance Survey Outdoors Show and the National Student Rodeo[citation needed].
 Four Star Wars films have been adapted to manga. There are currently no manga adaptations of Attack of the Clones or Revenge of the Sith.
 The Mint is a book written by T. E. Lawrence ‘Lawrence of Arabia’ and published posthumously. It describes his time in the Royal Air Force working despite his existing senior rank in the army (Colonel) as an ordinary Aircraftman under an assumed name 352087 Ross. The book is notable despite flaws noted by critics for its sharp observation for the insight it gives into Lawrence himself and for the censorship issues around its publication.The novelist E.M.
 The African American Review is a quarterly academic journal and the official publication of the Division on Black American Literature and Culture of the Modern Language Association. The journal covers African-American literature and culture including theatre film the visual arts interviews poetry and fiction. Between 1967 and 1976 the journal appeared under the title Negro American Literature Forum and until 1992 as Black American Literature Forum before obtaining its current title.
 Adrian Mole: The Prostrate Years is the last installment in the popular Adrian Mole series. It is set between 2006-2007. It was released on November 5 2009.
 The Second Life of Samuel Tyne is the debut novel of Canadian author Esi Edugyan. It was published in 2004 by Alfred A. Knopf.
 Ayineh (Persian: آیینه‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this newspaper was Morteza Shojaossadat and it was published in Shiraz since 1910.
 Ultimate Power is a nine-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.The series is a crossover that ties the Supreme Power universe into the Ultimate Marvel universe and is written by Brian Michael Bendis J. Michael Straczynski and Jeph Loeb with art by Greg Land.
 The Cambridge History of Iran is a multi-volume survey of Iranian history published by Cambridge University Press (CUP). The seven volumes cover the history and historical geography of the land which is present-day Iran as well as other territories inhabited by peoples of Iranian descent from prehistoric times up to the present.
 Swami and Friends is the first of a trilogy of novels written by RK Narayan (1906–2001) English language novelist from India. The novel Narayan's first is set in British India in a fictional town called Malgudi. The second and third books in the trilogy are The Bachelor of Arts and The English Teacher.Malgudi Schooldays is a slightly abridged version of Swami and Friends and includes two additional stories featuring Swami from Malgudi Days and Under the Banyan Tree.
 Report to the Principal's Office is a 1991 young adult novel by the American author Jerry Spinelli. It depicts the first few days of school at the brand-new state-of-the-art Plumstead Middle School. The book follows five main characters: Sunny Wyler a girl who wants to go to her friend's middle school but cannot. Eddie Mott who wants to fit in and make new friends. Salem Brownmiller who sees herself as a future famous writer. Pickles Johnson who enjoys inventing all sorts of things. T.
 Kerberos & Tachiguishi (ケルベロスＸ立喰師 腹腹時計の少女 Keruberosu Ekusu Tachiguishi Harahara-dokei No Shōjo Kerberos and Tachiguishi: Young Lady's Abdomen Biological Clock) is a Kerberos saga manga written by Mamoru Oshii and illustrated by Mamoru Sugiura.
 Moby-Duck: The True Story of 28800 Bath Toys Lost at Sea and of the Beachcombers Oceanographers Environmentalists and Fools Including the Author Who Went in Search of Them is a book by Donovan Hohn concerning 28800 plastic ducks and other toys known as the Friendly Floatees which were washed overboard from a container ship in the Pacific Ocean on 10 January 1992 and have subsequently been found on beaches around the world and used by oceanographers including Curtis Ebbesmeyer to trace ocean currents.The book was published in the USA in March 2011 by Viking (ISBN 978-0670022199) and in the UK in February 2012 by Union Books (ISBN 978-1908526007) with a shorter subtitle: Moby-Duck: The True Story of 28800 Bath Toys Lost at Sea. 
 The Chief Designer is a science fiction novella published in 2001 by Andy Duncan. It won the 2002 Sturgeon Award and was nominated for the 2002 Hugo Award for Best Novella. It also appeared in Gardner Dozois' The Year's Best Science Fiction: Nineteenth Annual Collection.
 Diet for a Small Planet is a 1971 bestselling book by Frances Moore Lappé the first major book to note the environmental impact of meat production as wasteful and a contributor to global food scarcity.
 Pippi Goes on Board is a 1946 sequel to Astrid Lindgren's classic children's chapter book Pippi Longstocking. It was followed by a further sequel Pippi in the South Seas. It was filmed in 1969 for a TV series and edited into a film in 1969.
 Dragon Head (ドラゴンヘッド Doragon Heddo) is a post-apocalyptic disaster manga by Minetaro Mochizuki. It was published by Kodansha in Young Magazine from 1995 and 2000 and collected in ten tankōbon volumes. It is licensed in English by Tokyopop with Volume 10 released 2008-04-01. In 1997 the manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for general manga.The series was adapted as a live-action movie written and directed by Jôji Iida released in Japan in August 2003.
 Rush to Judgment: A Critique of the Warren Commission's Inquiry into the Murders of President John F. Kennedy Officer J.D. Tippit and Lee Harvey Oswald is a 1966 book by American lawyer Mark Lane. It is about the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy and takes issue with the conclusions of the Warren Commission suggesting there was a conspiracy to assassinate John F. Kennedy. The book's introduction is by Hugh Trevor-Roper.
 Libertarianism Without Inequality is a book written in 2003 by Michael Otsuka and published by Oxford University Press.
 Miss Lonelyhearts published in 1933 is Nathanael West's second novel. It is an Expressionist black comedy set in New York City during the Great Depression.
 The Little Friend is a 1929 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Blood of the Prophets: Brigham Young and the Massacre at Mountain Meadows (2002) by Will Bagley is an award-winning history of the Mountain Meadows massacre. The work updated Juanita Brooks' seminal history The Mountain Meadows Massacre and remains one of the definitive works on the topic.
 The Phoenix is a weekly British children's comics anthology published by David Fickling Books. The comic began on 7 January 2012 with a preview issue (issue Zero) being released in late 2011. The comic is often considered a successor to The DFC: both are published by the same people and many of The Phoenix's creators had worked on The DFC. As of issue 53 The Phoenix has become available worldwide as an iPad application.
 Sister of the Bride is a 1963 young adult novel by Beverly Cleary.==Plot summary== ာေညောန ာ ောေပ ညနန့ The plot revolves around sixteen-year-old Barbara MacLane a girl grappling with disappointing romantic prospects her worries about not being accepted into the University of California Berkeley and the fact that she will never catch up to her sister Rosemary who is two years older (and a student at Berkeleysisteen-year-old Barbara Maclane and her family mother dad and pesky.
 Revolution is Not a Dinner Party is a historical fiction novel written by Ying Chang Compestine and published in 2007. The story is set at the end of the Cultural Revolution in Wuhan China. The novel is about a young girl from an upper-class family facing persecution and other challenges brought upon the upper class living in communist China.
 The Dangerous Book for Boys by Conn and Hal Iggulden is a guidebook published by HarperCollins aimed at boys from eight to eighty. It covers around eighty topics including how to build a treehouse grow a crystal or tell direction with a watch.
 Philosophers' Imprint is a refereed philosophy journal edited by Stephen Darwall and J. David Velleman. The journal is advised by an international board of editors and published on the Internet by the University of Michigan Digital Library. Unlike many other philosophy journals the Imprint offers access to its published articles for free to anyone on the World Wide Web—no subscription or registration whatsoever is required.
 The Lord Of Opium is a 2013 science fiction novel by Nancy Farmer and a sequel to her 2002 novel The House of the Scorpion. The book was first published on September 3 2013 through Atheneum Books and follows the ongoing adventures of Matteo Matt Alacran.
 Night Surf is a post-apocalyptic short story by Stephen King first published in the spring 1969 issue of Ubris magazine and later collected in a heavily revised version in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.
 The Financial News & Daily Record (or simply Daily Record) is an American daily newspaper founded and continuously published in Jacksonville Florida since 1912. The Daily Record primarily publishes urban development financial and legal related news articles and profiles.It is the official newspaper of the Jacksonville Bar Association Duval County Court and the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Middle District of Florida. The paper is the primary publisher of legal notices in Duval County.
 The Journal of Information Science is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on information science information management and some aspects of knowledge management.
 Bus Stop is a 1955 play by William Inge. The 1956 film of the same name is only loosely based on it.
 My Heartbeat is a 2002 novel by Garret Freymann-Weyr about a fourteen-year-old girl who discovers that her brother and his best friend James who she has been in love with for years could be a couple. It was named a Printz Honor book in 2003.
 RolePlay is a 2001 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn the third in a trilogy of plays called Damsels in Distress (GamePlan and FlatSpin being parts one and two). It is about an engaged couple Julie-Ann Jobson and Justin Lazenby whose engagement party is interrupted by unexpected intrusions.
 A ZBC of Ezra Pound (ISBN 0-571-09135-0) is a book by Christine Brooke-Rose published by Faber and Faber in 1971. It is a study of the work of Ezra Pound focusing in particular on The Cantos.In Chapter Six Brooke-Rose gives an explanation of the prosody of Anglo-Saxon alliterative verse as Pound would have understood it based on Sievers' Theory of Anglo-Saxon Meter.[citation needed]The book is out-of-print.
 Five Run Away Together (published in 1944) is the third book in the Famous Five series by the British author Enid Blyton.
 Ensign O'Toole and Me is the title of a semi-autobiographical novel by William Lederer. The book was loosely adapted to television in the 1962—1963 NBC Four Star Television series Ensign O'Toole starring Dean Jones in the title role and featuring Jack Mullaney Jay C. Flippen Harvey Lembeck Beau Bridges and Jack Albertson.Early chapters are light-hearted and amusing.
 Scattershot: My Bipolar Family is a 2008 memoir written by American writer carpenter and former Montague Bookmill proprietor David Lovelace published by Dutton Adult. Lovelace's memoir chronicles the challenges of growing up in a family in which four out of five members suffer from bipolar disorder including Lovelace himself.
 The Sea of the Ravens is a novel of historical fiction by Harold Lamb. It was first published in stand-alone book form in 1983 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1925 copies of which 200 were specially bound and signed by the artists. The novel originally appeared in Adventure in 1927. It was published with its prequel and sequel novels (which had also appeared in Adventure) with new linking sections by Doubleday in 1931.
 Paul Pry (1825) a farce in three acts was the most notable play written by 19th-century English playwright John Poole. It premiered in London on 13 September 1825 at the Haymarket Theatre and ran 114 performances. The play continued to be popular until the early 1870s.
 Earthgrip is a collection of linked science fiction stories by Harry Turtledove first published in hardcover by The Easton Press in 1991 and paperback by Ballantine Books in December of the same year.
 By the Shores of Silver Lake by Laura Ingalls Wilder was first published in 1939 and is the fifth of nine books written in her Little House on the Prairie series also known as The Laura Years. The book takes place over a period of just over one year beginning when Laura is 12 years old and the family moves from Plum Creek Minnesota to what will become De Smet South Dakota. The family is one of the first to settle near Silver Lake.
 CNS Neuroscience & Therapeutics is a bimonthly medical journal published 1995 by Wiley-Blackwell addressing topics in neurology and central nervous system therapeutic pharmacology. It was established in 1995 as CNS Drug Reviews and obtained its current title in 2008.
 The New Lieutenant's Rap is a short story by Stephen King.The story was originally published as a chapbook by Philtrum Press and given away to attendees at Stephen King's 25th publishing anniversary party on April 6 1999.
 Maroc Soir is an evening Moroccan newspaper that is published in French-language.
 Without Warning is an alternate history novel written by Australian author John Birmingham released in Australia in September 2008 and in the United States and the United Kingdom in February 2009. It is the first book in a new stand-alone universe. The novels After America and Angels of Vengeance continue the story.
 Weapons of Choice is the first novel of the Axis of Time alternative history trilogy written by Australian author John Birmingham.
 The Comics Journal often abbreviated TCJ is an American magazine of news and criticism pertaining to comic books comic strips and graphic novels. Known for its lengthy interviews with comic creators pointed editorials and scathing reviews of the products of the mainstream comics industry the magazine promotes the view that comics are a fine art meriting broader cultural respect and thus should be evaluated with higher critical standards.
 Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment is the first book in the Maximum Ride series by James Patterson. The book was released in the US on April 11 2005 and in the UK on July 4 2005. The book is set in the near future and centers around the 'flock' a group of human-avian hybrids (98% human 2% bird) on the run from the scientists who created them. It focuses on Maximum Ride (Max) the leader of the 'flock' and the first-person narrator of the story.
 The Road to Los Angeles is a novel by the American writer John Fante. It was written in 1936 but was published posthumously in 1985 by Black Sparrow Press. The novel is one of four featuring Fante's alter ego Arturo Bandini. In the Bandini chronology it is set after Wait Until Spring Bandini and before Ask the Dust.
 Ballad of a Shinigami (しにがみのバラッド. Shinigami no Baraddo.) subtitled momo: the god girl of death is a Japanese light novel series written by K-Ske Hasegawa with illustrations by Nanakusa. The series includes twelve novels released between June 10 2003 and April 10 2009 published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint. The novels were licensed by Seven Seas Entertainment for release in English with the first novel released in March 2008.
 Phoenix: The Fall & Rise of Videogames is a book written by Leonard Herman and originally published in December 1994 by Rolenta Press. At the time of its publication Phoenix was the first comprehensive book about the history of videogames. Two subsequent editions were released: the 2nd edition arrived in 1997 and a 3rd edition was published in 2001. The book has been completely rewritten and a 4th edition is planned for a 2014 release.
 The Japanese Journal of Applied Physics (abbreviated as Jpn. J. Appl. Phys.) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1962 and is published by the Japan Society of Applied Physics. Since 1982 the journal has been published in two editions Part 1 and Part 2: Part 1 is published monthly and is for regular papers short notes and review papers.
 Psalm 60 is the 60th psalm of the Book of Psalms.
 Rizal subtitled Philippine Nationalist and Martyr is the biographical book about Philippine national hero José Rizal written by British author Austin Coates. The book was published by the Oxford University Press in Hong Kong in 1968.
 Shakespeare and the Goddess of Complete Being is a book of literary criticism authored by Ted Hughes. Hughes has extensively discussed about the poems and other literary works of Shakespeare in this book. The book is written in three parts: Part one: The Immature Phase of the Tragic Equation part two: The Evolution of the Tragic Equation through the Seven Tragedies and part three: The Transformation of the Tragic Equation in the Last Plays.
 My Night with Reg is a play by British playwright Kevin Elyot which was produced in 1994 by the Royal Court Theatre London directed by Roger Michell. The production later transferred to the West EndEntirely set among London's gay community in the mid-1980s against the background of the mounting AIDS crisis My Night with Reg follows the ups and downs of a circle of gay friends over a period of several years.
 Digit Channel Connect is a monthly publication targeting the IT distribution and reseller channel aimed at IT resellers retailers distributors and system integrators.
 Tessa (French title: Tessa la nymphe au cœur fidèle) is a play written in 1934 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux. It is a translation and adaptation of a 1926 stage version by Margaret Kennedy and Basil Dean of the former's 1924 novel The Constant Nymph.
 Hamlet and the New Poetic is a 1983 book of literary criticism on James Joyce T. S. Eliot and Hamlet by American professor William H. Quillian.
 Alfarrábios is a historical novel by the Brazilian writer José de Alencar first published in 1873. It is composed of three minor narratives: O Garatuja O Ermitão da Glória and Alma de Lázaro.
 Mathematical Social Sciences is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal in the field of social science in particular economics. The journal covers research on mathematical modelling in fields such as economics psychology political science and other social sciences including individual decision making and preferences decisions under risk collective choice voting theories of measurement and game theory.It was established in 1980 and is published by Elsevier.
 Le Monde de l'éducation (The World of Education) is a former magazine published monthly from 1974 to 2008 by the press group Groupe La Vie-Le Monde.This magazine was a reference in the treatment of contemporary issues of the French education system. In 2008 Le Monde de l'éducation announced the end of its release. The website however announced it would continue as a supplement to the newspaper Le Monde.
 The Last of the Wine is Mary Renault's first novel set in Ancient Greece the setting that would become her most important arena. The novel was published in 1956 and is the second of her works to feature male homosexuality as a major theme. The book is a convincing portrait of Athens at the close of the Golden Age and the end of the Peloponnesian War with Sparta.
 City of Pearl is a science fiction novel by Karen Traviss. Published in March 2004 it is the first book of the Wess'Har Series. Among the main characters are Shan Frankland the hardened cop and forceful commander; Josh Garrod the devout Christian and gentle leader; Aras the lonely Wess'har outcast by his horrible disease; and Lindsay Neville the Marines Commander dealing with an unplanned pregnancy.
 BJA: British Journal of Anaesthesia is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal College of Anaesthetists of which it is the official journal. It was established in 1923 and covers all aspects of anaesthesia. The current editor-in-chief is Ravi P. Mahajan (University of Nottingham).
 The Times is a popular South African daily newspaper and an offshoot of The Sunday Times to whose subscribers it is delivered gratis; non-subscribers pay R2.50 per edition. It is owned by Times Media Group.
 Weekly Eleven is a weekly newspaper published in Burma. It is one of the 5 weekly journals published by Eleven Media Group which was founded in June 2000. It is focused on general local news and some sports and international news.
 How the Self Controls Its Brain is a book by Sir John Eccles proposing a theory of philosophical dualism and offering a justification of how there can be mind-brain action without violating the principle of the conservation of energy.
 Katarinan taru (Finnish: The Story of Katarina) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Empire is an American comic book limited series published by Gorilla Comics (an Image Comics imprint) and DC Comics created by Mark Waid and Barry Kitson.The protagonist of the series is a Doctor Doom-like supervillain named Golgoth who has defeated all superheroes and conquered the world but must now contend with internal power struggles.
 Trifid is a quarterly Czech-language periodical and the official publication of Darwiniana a carnivorous plant society based in the Czech Republic. Typical articles include matters of horticultural interest field reports and scientific studies. The journal was established in 1990 as Amatérské Pěstování Masožravých Rostlin and obtained its current title in 1996. It is published in B5 format with each issue numbering around 36 pages of which 24 are in colour.
 Gallows View is the first novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 1987 but has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Cip l'arcipoliziotto (also spelled as Cip l'arcipoliziottto or l'arcipoliziotto Cip) is the title character of a comic strip series.The comic was created by Benito Jacovitti in 1945.It is a zany parody of traditional crime-noir literature.
 The Paisano is the independent student-run newspaper of the University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA). It was established in 1981 and publishes 7000 copies weekly. Paisano is a Spanish and Italian word for fellow countryman.The newspaper is published once a week except during exam and holiday periods.
 A Natural History of the Senses is a 1990 non-fiction book by American author poet and naturalist Diane Ackerman. In this book Ackerman examines both the science of how the different senses work and the varied means by which different cultures have sought to stimulate the senses.
 The Gift of Fear is a nonfiction self-help book (1997) written by Gavin de Becker. The book provides strategies to help readers avoid trauma and violence by teaching them various warning signs and precursors to violence.
 The Penderwicks: A Summer Tale of Four Sisters Two Rabbits and a Very Interesting Boy is a children's novel by Jeanne Birdsall published by Knopf in 2005. It won the annual U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literature (United States).This was Birdsall's first book published and it inaugurated the Penderwick sisters series whose third chronicle of five that Birdsall plans was published in 2011.
 The Lifted Veil is a novella by George Eliot first published in 1859. Quite unlike the realistic fiction for which Eliot is best known The Lifted Veil explores themes of extrasensory perception the essence of physical life possible life after death and the power of fate. The novella is a significant part of the Victorian tradition of horror fiction which includes such other examples as Mary Shelley's Frankenstein (1818) Robert Louis Stevenson's The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
 Pros & Cons is a comic strip about a lawyer a psychiatrist and a police officer created by Glasgow–based artist Kieran Meehan. It was known as A Lawyer A Doctor & A Cop before July 7 2008 when it was renamed in an effort to make the title easier to remember.
 The Dover Post is a twice-weekly newspaper and online website published in Dover Delaware.The parent company of The Dover Post is GateHouse Media a U.S. newspaper publisher headquartered in Fairport New York that publishes 97 dailies in 20 states and 198 paid weeklies in addition to free papers shoppers and specialty and niche publications. GateHouse Media bought The Dover Post from Jim Flood Sr. in 2008.
 Lipstick Jihad: A Memoir of Growing Up Iranian in America and American in Iran (ISBN 1-58648-193-2) is Iranian-American writer Azadeh Moaveni's first book published on February 4 2005.The book tells the story of her first-person experiences in Iran where she worked as a reporter after living in the United States her whole life.
 Hide and Seek is a 1991 crime novel by Ian Rankin. It is the second of the Inspector Rebus novels. This novel is not to be confused by James Patterson's 1996 novel Hide and Seek.
 Treasures of the Snow is a children’s story book by Patricia St. John. Originally published by CSSM in 1950 it has been reprinted over a dozen times by various publishers including braille versions published by the Royal National Institute for the Blind in 1959 and by the Queensland Braille Writing Association in 1996.
 The Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia (in Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Sovet Ensiklopediyası Cyrillic: Азәрбајҹан Совет Енсиклопедијасы) is a 10 volume universal encyclopedia published in Baku Azerbaijan from 1976 to 1987. The special volume dedicated to Azerbaijan was scheduled to be published after the main 10 volumes but due to rising political problems and difficult economic situation it has not been published.
 The Defiant Agents is the third novel in The Time Traders series by Andre Norton. It was first published in 1962 and as of 2012 had been reprinted in ten editions with cover changes as well as twice in a combined edition with Key Out of Time. It is part of Norton's Forerunner universe.The Defiant Agents continues the series’ premise an encounter between Western heroes and the Russian Communists and a mysterious alien race that has used time travel to alter Earth.
 Judge is a science fiction novel written by Karen Traviss. It is the sixth and last book of the Wess'Har Series.
 For the film based on the novel see Bless Me Ultima (film)Bless Me Ultima is a novel by Rudolfo Anaya in which his young protagonist Antonio Márez y Luna tells the story of his coming-of-age with the guidance of his curandera mentor and protector Ultima. It has become the most widely read and critically acclaimed novel in the Chicano literary canon since its first publication in 1972.
 Fertilisation of Orchids is a book by English naturalist Charles Darwin published on 15 May 1862 under the full explanatory title On the various contrivances by which British and foreign orchids are fertilised by insects and on the good effects of intercrossing. Darwin's previous book On the Origin of Species had briefly mentioned evolutionary interactions between insects and the plants they fertilised and this new idea was explored in detail.
 How the Scots Invented the Modern World: The True Story of How Western Europe's Poorest Nation Created Our World & Everything in It (or The Scottish Enlightenment: The Scots invention of the Modern World) is a non-fiction book written by American historian Arthur Herman. The book examines the origins of the Scottish Enlightenment and what impact it had on the modern world.
 Mr. Myombekere and His Wife Bugonoka Their Son Ntulanalwo and Daughter Bulihwali (original title: Bwana Myombekere na Bibi Bugonoka Ntulanalwo na Bulihwali) is a novel by the Tanzanian author Aniceti Kitereza. The novel is a love story depicting the history of the Kerewe through three generations. It was first published in 1981 in Swahili but was originally completed already in 1945 in Kiterezas mother tongue Kerewe.
 Treasure Islands: Tax Havens and the Men who Stole the World (2011) is a non-fiction book about the secretive role of offshore banks and tax havens in global economic affairs. The book was written by Nicholas Shaxson a political analyst and associate Fellow of the Royal Institute of International Affairs. It was first published on 6 January 2011.The publication is promoted by the Tax Justice Network.
 Acta Physica Polonica is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in physics.
 Professional Distributor magazine is an automotive aftermarket magazine for mobile tool and equipment jobbers and tool and equipment warehouse distributors. The magazine covers new tools and equipment in auto repair sales tips for jobbers IT help and more. Professional Distributor is issued nine times per year. The magazine is a sister publication to Professional Tool & Equipment News at Cygnus Business Media.
 The Judge and His Hangman (German: Der Richter und sein Henker) is a 1950 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt. It was first published in English in 1954 in a translation by Cyrus Brooks and later in a translation by Therese Pol. A new translation by Joel Agee appeared in 2006 published together with it sequel Suspicion as The Inspector Bärlach Mysteries with a foreword by Sven Birkerts.
 Harvest was an American Neopagan magazine published eight times a year between 1980 and 1992.Harvest began in 1980 as a grassroots homemade zine. Over its twelve-year publication run it grew to be a 42 page professionally printed magazine with international distribution and news stand sales. Published out of Southboro Massachusetts USA Harvest served both the New England and International Neopagan communities.
 Smart Mobs: The Next Social Revolution is a book by Howard Rheingold dealing with the social economic and political changes implicated by developing technology. The book covers subjects from text-messaging culture to wireless Internet developments to the impact of the web on the marketplace. The author highlights the many ways in which technology alters and impacts the way in which people live and think.
 Al Ayal Kibrit (The Kids Have Grown Up العيَال كبرت) is a famous Egyptian play starring Sa'ed Saleh Ahmad Zaki Yunis Shalabi and Nadia Shoukry as the children. Hassan Mustafa plays the role of the father with Karima Mokhtar playing the role of the mother. The play tells the story of the children trying to stop their father from leaving his family for another woman after one of them finds accidentally a love letter from an unknown women to their father.
 The Eagle Has Flown is a book by Jack Higgins first published in 1991. It is a quasi-sequel to The Eagle Has Landed.
 He Who Whispers is a mystery novel (1946) by detective novelist John Dickson Carr. Like Many of the works by this author feature so-called impossible crimes (for the most part falling into the category of the locked room mystery). In this case the novel falls into a smaller category of Carr's work in that it is suggested that the crime is the work of a supernatural being (here a vampire). The detective is Dr.
 Fushigi Yûgi: The Mysterious Play (ふしぎ遊戯 Fushigi Yūgi) also known as Curious Play is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuu Watase. Shogakukan published Fushigi Yûgi in Shōjo Comic in its original serialized form from May 1992 through June 1996. Viz Media released the manga series in English in North America starting in 1999.
 Politique africaine is a quarterly open access academic journal that publishes articles and book reviews on current issues in African politics. It was established in 1981 and is published for the Association des chercheurs de Politique Africaine by Éditions Karthala in Paris France.
 On the Track of Unknown Animals is a cryptozoological book by the Belgian-French author Bernard Heuvelmans that was first published in 1955 under the title Sur la Piste des Bêtes Ignorées. The English translation by Richard Garnett was published in 1958 with some updating by the author and with a foreword by Gerald Durrell. A revised and abridged edition was published in 1965 and a further edition in 1995.
 Defending Australia in the Asia Pacific Century: Force 2030 is an Australian Government white paper released on 2 May 2009. The publication seeks to provide guidance for Australia's defence policy and the Australian Defence Force (ADF) during the period 2009–2030.
 No Greater Love is a novel by Danielle Steel. It tells a fictional story based on the true event of the sinking of the RMS Titanic.
 IRB: Ethics & Human Research is a peer reviewed academic journal covering bioethics in the United States. It is published six times each year by the Hastings Center in Garrison New York since 1979. Karen J. Maschke is the current editor.The journal publishes research findings and analyses of empirical studies relating to research with human subjects. Its readership includes administrators and members of institutional review boards scholars and researchers.
 Clinical Medicine: Oncology is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on clinical applications of oncologyThe journal was founded in 2007 and is published by Libertas Academica. The editor in chief is William C. S. Cho.
 The Chronicle of Higher Education is a newspaper and website that presents news information and jobs for college and university faculty and Student Affairs professionals (staff members and administrators). A subscription is required to read some articles.The Chronicle based in Washington D.C. is a major news service in United States academic affairs.
 PLA Daily (Chinese: 解放军报; Pinyin: Jiěfàngjūn Bào) is a China-based media outlet for the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of the People's Republic of China.It covers news stories relating to the PLA and other military affairs. In August 2010 an editorial suggested that Chinese military strategy was out of date and that China must audaciously learn from the experience of the information cultures of foreign militaries along with modernisation and open procurement.
 Beggars and Choosers is a Hugo-nominated 1994 science-fiction novel by Nancy Kress. It is a sequel to the Hugo-winning Beggars in Spain and was followed by Beggars Ride in 1996.
 The Moneypenny Diaries: Final Fling is the third in a trilogy of novels chronicling the life of Miss Moneypenny M's personal secretary in Ian Fleming's James Bond series. The diaries are penned by Samantha Weinberg under the pseudonym Kate Westbrook who is depicted as the book's editor. The novel was published by John Murray publishers on May 1 2008 in the UK in hardcover followed by the paperback on October 30 2008.
 Conversations with Eternity is a book by John Chambers published from a series of notes by Victor Hugo. It set out to present the Hugo family's table-turning seances in Marine-Terrace on the island of Jersey between 1853 and 1855. Chambers translated the original notes which dealt with themes of spirituality.
 Student Ghetto is a comic strip produced by Adam Miller in the late 1990s that was published in The State News the student newspaper at Michigan State University. The comic was about several of the cartoonist's real life friends living in the student ghetto. Miller won awards for his work including Michigan cartoonist of the year and Michigan State University Mr. Congeniality 1997.
 The International Journal of Pharmaceutics is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering physical chemical biological microbiological and engineering studies related to the conception design production characterization and evaluation of drug delivery systems in vitro and in vivo.
 Day is a novel by A. L. Kennedy. It won the novel category and the overall Costa Book of the Year Award in the 2007 Costa Book Awards. The novel is about a man who was a tailgunner in a Lancaster bomber aircraft during World War II. Later he is an extra in a film about prisoners of war.
 The Unselfish Gene is a science fiction novel by Robert Douglas Burns published in 2008 by Swimming Kangaroo Books.
 The Bologna Center Journal of International Affairs is an academic journal founded in 1997. It is published by the European campus of the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University. The journal provides a forum for the discussion and the dissemination of ideas about events in the field of international relations.The journal seeks to present a policy-focused perspective on global affairs that can be appreciated by academics students and policy-makers.
 Urth 4 is a comic-book series created by Peter Stone Neal Adams and Trevor Von Eeden and published by Continuity Comics. The series ran for four issues (May 1989 - December 1990) and was then revived as Earth 4 in 1993 running for a total of seven more issues.
 El Comercio is a Peruvian newspaper based in Lima. Founded in 1839 it is the oldest newspaper in Peru and one of the oldest Spanish-language papers in the world. It has a circulation of more than 120000.The government of Juan Velasco Alvarado expropriated the newspaper in the mid-1970s. The company was returned to their original owners by President Fernando Belaúnde Terry on July 28 1980 the same day he assumed office.
 Mota Coqueiro ou A Pena de Morte (in English: Mota Coqueiro or The Capital Punishment) is a 1877 novel by Brazilian journalist and writer José do Patrocínio. It is a semi-fictitious account of the life of the farmer Manuel da Mota Coqueiro also known as The Beast of Macabu who was sentenced to hanging in 1852 for a crime he has not committed and executed March 6 1855 in Macaé RJ.
 Keopsova piramida is a novel by Slovenian author Emil Filipčič. It was first published in 2005.
 SilverFin is the first novel in the Young Bond series that depicts Ian Fleming's superspy James Bond as a teenager in the 1930s. It was written by Charlie Higson and released in the United Kingdom on March 3 2005 by Puffin Books in conjunction with a large marketing campaign; a Canadian release of the same edition occurred in late March.
 A Capable Man (デキる男が好きなんだ! Dekiru Otoko ga Suki Nanda! lit. I Like Impressive Guys!) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hinako Takanaga.
 Tatler was a British literary and society journal founded by Richard Steele in 1709. It was published for two years.
 The Janus Man is a 1987 thriller novel by British novelist Raymond Harold Sawkins written under the pseudonym of Colin Forbes. The book is set in the period it was written and concerns Soviet infiltration into the Secret Intelligence Service during the Cold War. The book is the fourth of twenty-four books written by Sawkins under Colin Forbes in the Tweed and Co. series.
 CrystEngComm is a peer-reviewed online-only scientific journal publishing original research and review articles on all aspects of crystal engineering including properties polymorphism target materials and crystalline nanomaterials. It is published biweekly by the Royal Society of Chemistry and the editor-in-chief is Jamie Humphrey. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.879 ranking it 3rd out of 25 journals in the category Crystallography.
 The Reunion is the 30th book in the Animorphs series authored by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Elise Donner. It is narrated by Marco.
 Toxin is a 1998 suspense thriller written by Robin Cook. It tells the story of a doctor whose daughter is infected with E. coli and his investigation into how she contracted it and his battle to save her life and discover the source of her illness.
 Quantum Psychology: How Brain Software Programs You & Your World is a book written by Robert Anton Wilson originally published in 1990.Some consider Quantum Psychology a follow-up to Wilson's earlier volume Prometheus Rising mainly for the presence of practical exercises to demonstrate its concepts at the end of each chapter (this time intended for groups rather than a lone reader).
 Churches That Abuse first published in 1991 is a best-selling counterculture apologetic book written by Ronald M. Enroth. The book presents real-life stories of pseudo-Christian churches and organizations deemed spiritually abusive and the effects these groups have had on their members.
 Back Story is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the 30th novel in his Spenser series.
 The Joke (Czech: Žert) is Milan Kundera's first novel originally published in 1967.
 Buddha Da (2003) is a novel by Scottish author Anne Donovan. It was shortlisted for the 2003 Orange Prize and the 2003 Whitbread Book Award for a first novel.
 Time (often written in all-caps as TIME) is an American weekly news magazine published in New York City. It was founded in 1923 and for decades dominated by Henry Luce who built a highly profitable stable of magazines. A European edition (Time Europe formerly known as Time Atlantic) is published in London and also covers the Middle East Africa and since 2003 Latin America. An Asian edition (Time Asia) is based in Hong Kong.
 Aquila is an ornithological journal established by Ottó Herman Budapest Hungary in 1894. It publishes peer reviewed articles and research notes focusing on birds mostly − though not exclusively − on the avifauna of the Carpathian Basin. Recent issues are bilingual coming in English and in Hungarian. Aquila is referred in Zoological Record and in Fisheries and Wildlife Reviews.
 Pollyanna is a best-selling 1913 novel by Eleanor H. Porter that is now considered a classic of children's literature with the title character's name becoming a popular term for someone with the same optimistic outlook. The book was such a success that Porter soon produced a sequel Pollyanna Grows Up (1915). Eleven more Pollyanna sequels known as Glad Books were later published most of them written by Elizabeth Borton or Harriet Lummis Smith.
 City is a 1952 science fiction fix-up novel by Clifford D. Simak. The original version consists of eight linked short stories all originally published between 1944 and 1951 along with brief notes on each of the stories. These notes were created especially for the book and serve as a bridging story of their own. The book was reprinted as ACE #D-283 in 1958 cover illustration by Ed Valigursky.Simak published a ninth City tale in 1973 called Epilog.
 Farewell My Lovely is a British radio play. Clive Mantle starred in it.
 The Journal of Pain and Symptom Management is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1986. It is a continuation of the PRN Forum (Pain Research News forum) a bimonthly journal published from 1982 to 1985. It is the official journal of the American Academy of Hospice and Palliative Medicine the National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization and the United States Cancer Pain Relief Committee.
 Golden Fox is a novel by Wilbur Smith one of the Courtney Novels. It is set from 1969 to 1979 and touches on the South African Border War and the revolution in Ethiopia.There were allegations one of the characters was inspired by Winnie Mandela.
 Cities in Flight is an omnibus volume of four novels written by James Blish originally published between 1955 and 1962 which became known over time collectively as the 'Okie' novels. The novels feature entire cities that are able to fly through space using an anti-gravity device the spindizzy. They cover a span of time of many hundred years from a very near future to the end of the universe. Earthman Come Home was a winner of a Retro Hugo Award in 2004 for Best Novelette.
 Gynecologic Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of gynecologic oncology. The journal covers investigations relating to the etiology diagnosis and treatment of female cancers as well as research from any of the disciplines related to this field of interest.
 Aristotle is an English-language children's book written by Dick King-Smith and illustrated by Bob Graham published in 2003. The story concerns Aristotle the kitten who depends on his nine lives and the magical powers of his owner (a friendly witch) in order to emerge safely from various adventures. It was shortlisted for a Blue Peter Book Award.
 Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon is a 2006 book by the American philosopher and cognitive scientist Daniel Dennett which argues for a scientific analysis of religion in order to predict the future of this phenomenon. Dennett implies that the spell he hopes to break is not religious belief itself but the conviction that religion is off-limits to scientific inquiry.[citation needed]
 Africa Confidential is a fortnightly newsletter covering politics and economics in Africa. It was established in 1960 and is owned by the British company Asempa Limited. Founded by a group of six individuals under the banner of Miramoor Publications Africa Confidential was originally printed on blue airmail paper. Hence its nickname The Blue Sheet.
 The Winnipeg Sun is a daily tabloid newspaper in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada.It is owned by Sun Media a subsidiary of Quebecor Media and shares many characteristics typical of Sun Media tabloids including an emphasis on local news stories extensive sports coverage a Canadian conservatism editorial stance and a daily Sunshine Girl.The newspaper like most of those in the Canadian Sun chain are known for short snappy news stories aimed primarily at working class readers.
 The Inventions Researches and Writings of Nikola Tesla is a book compiled and edited by Thomas Commerford Martin detailing the work of Nikola Tesla up to 1893. The book is a comprehensive compilation of Tesla's early work with many illustrations.
 Klat Magazine is an independent publishing project launched at the end of 2009 in Milan on the initiative of Paolo Priolo and Emanuela Carelli with the aim of investigating the multifaceted space of contemporary art design and architecture through a close encounter with its protagonists.
 The Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Family & Consumer Sciences. The journal was established in 1972 and published by Sage Publications until 2010. The current editor-in-chief is Sharon A. DeVaney (Purdue University). The journal covers consumerism human development and family studies.
 Britain Australia and the Bomb: the Nuclear Tests and Their Aftermath is a 2006 book by Lorna Arnold and Mark Smith. It is the second edition of an official history first published in 1987 by HMSO under another title: A Very Special Relationship: British Atomic Weapons Trials in Australia. The book uses declassified material that has become available in the two decades prior to the book's publication.
 Gotham magazine a regional magazine published by Niche Media LLC since 2001 is the premiere glossy publication chronicling the upscale New York City lifestyle. According to a survey commissioned by the company 56% of Gotham magazine readers are male with 51% married and some two-thirds within the age group of 36 and 60 years old.
 Meg: Primal Waters is a 2004 science fiction novel by author Steve Alten. The book continues the adventure of Jonas Taylor a paleobiologist studying the megalodon.
 The Famous Victories of Henry the fifth: Containing the Honourable Battel of Agin-court: As it was plaide by the Queenes Maiesties Players is an anonymous Elizabethan play which is generally thought to be a source for Shakespeare's Henriad (Henry IV Part 1 Henry IV Part 2 and Henry V). It was entered by printer Thomas Creede in the Stationers' Register in 1594 but the earliest known edition is from 1598.
 Pother Kanta (Bengali: পথের কাঁটা) also spelled Pather Kanta (Lit: A thorn on the path) is a detective story written by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay featuring the Bengali detective Byomkesh Bakshi and his friend assistant and narrator Ajit Bandyopadhyay. It is one of the first forays that Sharadindu took in the realm of creating a mature logical detective moulded in the pattern of Sherlock Holmes in the Bengali language and one that Bengalis could immediately identify with.
 The Aeroplanes At Brescia (German: Die Aeroplane in Brescia) is a short story by Franz Kafka published in slightly shortened form in the newspaper Bohemia in September 1909. It describes an airshow in the Italian town Brescia which Kafka saw with two of his friends (Max and his brother Otto Brod) during their journey to Italy. Among other participants they saw Louis Blériot the aviator famous for the first flight across the English Channel.
 The Curious Savage written by John Patrick is a comedic play about Ethel P. Savage a woman whose husband recently died and left her approximately ten million dollars. Contrasting the kindness and loyalty of psychiatric patients with the avarice and vanity of respectable public figures it calls into question conventional definitions of sanity while lampooning celebrity culture.
 Hankook Ilbo is a South Korean vernacular daily newspaper published by The Hankook Ilbo Media Group in Seoul South Korea. Its sister publications include The Korea Times Seoul Economic Daily Sports Hankook Children's Hankook Ilbo Weekly Hankook and The Korea Times in North America. Hankook Ilbo also publishes Korean editions of Fortune Korea Popular Science Golf Magazine and is Bloomberg TV's content partner.
 Luther is a 1961 play by John Osborne depicting the life of Martin Luther one of the instigators of the Protestant Reformation. Albert Finney created the role of Luther which he performed at with the English Stage Company at the Theatre Royal Nottingham the Théâtre Sarah Bernhardt Paris the Holland Festival the Royal Court Theatre London the Phoenix Theatre London and the St.
 Expendable is a science fiction novel by the Canadian author James Alan Gardner published in 1997 by HarperCollins Publishers under its various imprints. It is the first book in a series involving the League of Peoples an assemblage of advanced species in the Milky Way galaxy.
 Balthasar's Odyssey (French: Le Périple de Baldassare) is a 2000 novel by Amin Maalouf set in 17th century Europe and the Levant.
 Midwives: A Novel is a novel by Chris Bohjalian and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in October 1998.
 Swimming Without a Net is the second novel in the Fred the Mermaid Trilogy by MaryJanice Davidson.
 Globalization and Health is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal that covering the topic of globalization and its effects on health. It is affiliated with the London School of Economics. The editors in chief are Greg Martin and Emma Pitchforth.
 Spice Times is a quarterly business to business magazine that is distributed to South Asian restaurants across the UK. The magazine published its first issue in 2006 with news and features that are pertinent to the restaurant trade.
 Red Planet is a 1949 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about students at boarding school on the planet Mars. It represents the first appearance of Heinlein's idealized Martian elder race (see also Stranger in a Strange Land). The version published in 1949 featured a number of changes forced on Heinlein by Scribner's since it was published as part of the Heinlein juveniles. After Heinlein's death the book was reissued by Del Rey Books as the author originally intended.
 The Roaring Trumpet is a fantasy novella written by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt as the initial story in their Harold Shea series. It was first published in the May 1940 issue of the fantasy pulp magazine Unknown. It first appeared in book form together with its sequel The Mathematics of Magic in the collection The Incomplete Enchanter issued in hardcover by Henry Holt and Company in 1941 and in paperback by Pyramid Books in 1960.
 The Stronghold is a children's historical novel by the Scottish writer Mollie Hunter published by Hamilton in 1974. Set in the Orkneys during the 1st century BC the story is an imaginative reconstruction of the development of the broch the circular stronghold design of fortifications that dot the islands.
 South of Broad is a 2009 novel by Pat Conroy. The novel follows the life of Leopold Bloom King in Charleston South Carolina. It ranges from his troubled childhood to his adult life with his close group of friends.
 The International Journal of Transgenderism is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on gender dysphoria the medical and psychological treatment of transgender individuals social and legal acceptance of sex reassignment and professional and public education on transgenderism. It is the official journal of the World Professional Association for Transgender Health. The editor-in-chief is Walter O. Bockting (University of Minnesota Medical School).
 The One was a six-issue comic book limited series distributed by Epic Comics in 1985–1986. It was written and drawn by Rick Veitch.It is an ambitious and bizarre fantasy-adventure involving monstrous superheroes the Cold War and spiritual evolution.
 The Yeshiva is an English translation by Curt Leviant of the Yiddish novel Tsemakh Atlas (צמח אטלס) by Chaim Grade. It was published in two volumes in Yiddish and also in translation. It was also published in a Hebrew translation with the same title as the Yiddish.The first volume was published as if it were standalone with no volume number and no mention of a continuation.
 The Invincible Iron Man is an Eisner Award-winning comic book series written by Matt Fraction with art by Salvador Larroca published by Marvel Comics and starring the superhero Iron Man. After issue #33 The Invincible Iron Man returned to its original numbering with issue #500. It concluded with issue 527 succeeded by the Marvel NOW!-imprinted Iron Man series.
 On Golden Pond is a 1979 play by Ernest Thompson. The plot focuses on aging couple Ethel and Norman Thayer who spend each summer at their home on a lake called Golden Pond. During the year the story takes place they are visited by daughter Chelsea with her fiancé and his son in law. The play explores the often turbulent relationship the young woman shared with her father growing up and the difficulties faced by a couple in the twilight years of a long marriage.
 The Orange County Persian Community (OCPC) magazine was a monthly lifestyle magazine for the Persian community that published in full English. It printed from June 2004 through September 2008.In 2008 its publisher (Saeed Danosian) and editor-in-chief (Sepi Danosian) expanded it to become OC LIFE a multicultural lifestyle magazine.
 The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories is a science fiction anthology written and edited by Isaac Asimov (ISBN 0-385-12198-9). Following the usual form for Asimov collections it consists of eleven short stories and a poem surrounded by commentary describing how each came to be written.
 At Twelve: Portraits of Young Women is a 1988 photography book by Sally Mann. The book is published by Aperture and contains 37 duotone images of 12-year-old girls. The girls are the children of friends and relatives of Mann in her home state Virginia. Unlike Mann's later work the images within the book do not feature nudity. The book is dedicated to Mann's husband Larry.
 The Occult: A History is a 1971 nonfiction occult book by English writer Colin Wilson. Topics covered include Aleister Crowley George Gurdjieff Helena Blavatsky Kabbalah primitive magic Franz Mesmer Grigori Rasputin Daniel Dunglas Home Paracelsus P. D. Ouspensky William Blake Giacomo Casanova Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa and various others.
 The Metaphysical Club: A Story of Ideas in America is a Pulitzer Prize-winning 2001 book by Louis Menand an American writer and legal scholar. The Metaphysical Club recounts the lives and intellectual work of the handful of thinkers primarily responsible for the philosophical concept of pragmatism a principal feature of American philosophical achievement: William James Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. Charles Sanders Peirce and John Dewey.
 My Big Gay Italian Wedding is a play written by Anthony J. Wilkinson that includes original music and lyrics written by David Boyd. It premiered off-Broadway in 2003 at the Actor's Playhouse in New York City. In September 2009 a revised version produced by Dina Manzo of Bravo's The Real Housewives of New Jersey and co-starring Scott Evans played a benefit performance at the St.
 Trust Me I'm Dr. Ozzy: Advice from Rock's Ultimate Survivor (shortened to Trust Me I'm Dr. Ozzy) is a book by Ozzy Osbourne vocalist of Black Sabbath and solo singer. It is the sequel to his 2010 release I Am Ozzy. The book chronicles his drug abuse and survival stories about 40 years of Ozzy's drug and alcohol abuse. It also features Osbourne's health advice. The book was co-written by Chris Ayres because of Osbourne's dyslexia.
 Jason Son of Jason is a science fiction novel by John Ulrich Giesy. It was first published in book form in 1966 by Avalon Books. The novel was originally serialized in five parts in the magazine Argosy All-Story beginning in April 1921.
 The Millionaire Mind published February 1 2000 by Thomas J. Stanley draws from the author's research of America's affluent to examine the ideas beliefs and practices of the segment of the financial elite that use little or no consumer credit. The book debuted at #2 on the New York Time's Bestseller list on February 18 2000 and received press and reviews from Fred Barnes Katie Couric and Donald Trump.
 Strait Jacket (ストレイト・ジャケット Sutoreito Jaketto) is a light novel series by Ichirō Sakaki with illustrations by Yō Fujishiro published by Fujimi Shobo under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint. It was published in 11 volumes between 2000 and 2010. The series was adapted into a 3-episode OVA series in 2007. A film version of the OVA aired in the United States on the Sci-fi channel.
 Read or Dream is a manga written by Hideyuki Kurata and drawn by Ran Ayanaga. It was published in Japan in four trade paperback volumes by Shueisha in 2002. The full title is R.O.D - Read or Dream - We are Paper Sisters Detective Company.
 The Item formerly known as The Sumter Daily Item and The Daily Item is an independent morning newspaper published in Sumter South Carolina by Osteen Publishing Company.
 The Lost Girl is a novel by D. H. Lawrence first published in 1920. It was awarded the 1920 James Tait Black Memorial Prize in the fiction category.Lawrence started it shortly after writing Women in Love and worked on it only sporadically until he completed it in 1920.
 Experience is a book of memoirs by the British author Martin Amis.
 Désert is a novel written by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio considered to be one of his breakthrough novels. It won the Académie française's Grand Prix Paul Morand in 1980.
 Passion's Promise is a 1977 novel by Danielle Steel also published under the title Golden Moments.
 A Hand Is on the Gate is a play presented off-Broadway in 1966 that was actor Roscoe Lee Browne's Broadway directorial debut. Josephine Premice received a Tony nomination for her performance.
 El Litoral is a local newspaper published in Santa Fe Argentina.El Litoral was founded by Salvador Caputto in the important Paraná River port city of Santa Fe and first published on August 7 1918. The daily was edited for much of the twentieth century by Pedro Vittori after whom the avenue its headquarters are located on was named. Directed by María del Carmen Caputto it remains that city's most important daily newspaper.
 The Lady of the Sorrows is the second book in The Bitterbynde Trilogy. It is preceded by The Ill-Made Mute and followed by the last book in the trilogy The Battle of Evernight which closes the trilogy.
 The Cruise of the Breadwinner is a novella by the British author H. E. Bates. It was first published in 1946 and has been printed a number of times since. Much like the acclaimed novel Fair Stood the Wind for France it is one of Bates' war-oriented pieces.
 The Knights (Ancient Greek: Ἱππεῖς Hippeîs; Attic Ἱππῆς) was the fourth play written by Aristophanes the master of an ancient form of drama known as Old Comedy. The play is a satire on the social and political life of classical Athens during the Peloponnesian War and in this respect it is typical of all the dramatist's early plays. It is unique however in the relatively small number of its characters and this was due to its scurrilous preoccupation with one man the pro-war populist Cleon.
 The Journal of Neurology Neurosurgery and Psychiatry is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group. It covers research and reviews in the fields of neurology neurosurgery and psychiatry. Its editor-in-chief is Matthew Kiernan. Every two months it includes a supplement of reviews and educational material titled Practical Neurology. The journal was established in 1920 by Samuel Alexander Kinnier Wilson as the Journal of Neurology and Psychopathology.
 The Smoky God or A Voyage Journey to the Inner Earth is a novel of 1908 by Willis George Emerson which is presented as a true account of a Norwegian sailor named Olaf Jansen and explains how Jansen's sloop sailed through an entrance to the Earth's interior at the North Pole.
 The Autocrat of the Breakfast-Table (1858) is a collection of essays written by Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr. The essays were originally published in The Atlantic Monthly in 1857 and 1858 before being collected in book form. The author had written two essays with the same name which were published in the earlier The New-England Magazine in November 1831 and February 1832 which are alluded to in a mention of an interruption at the start of the very first essay.
 The Armies of Memory (2006) is a science fiction novel the fourth book of the Thousand Cultures series by John Barnes whose story is told from the perspective of a middle-aged special agent named Giraut. The Armies of Memory explores the intermingling of artificial and human intelligence as an alien threat is on the horizon.
 Some Tame Gazelle is Barbara Pym's first novel originally published in 1950. It is considered a remarkable first novel because of the way in which the youthful Pym - who began the book while a student at Oxford before the Second World War - imagined herself into the situation of a middle-aged spinster living with her sister in the country.The title of the book is taken from the poem Something to Love by Thomas Haynes Bayly.
 Aldiborontiphoskyphorniostikos was a book that contained a game in which players had to read the snippet for each letter of the alphabet as fast as they could without making a mistake. Alternatively several players could read the snippets in a staggered manner.
 Gone-Away Lake is a 1958 Newbery Honor winning children's book by Elizabeth Enright. It received the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award in 1970. Gone-Away Lake tells the story of cousins who spend a summer exploring and discover a lost lake and the two people who still live there.
 Back Street is a romance novel written by Fannie Hurst in 1931 with underlying themes of death and adultery. It has been filmed three times since its publication: In 1932 by director John M. Stahl starring John Boles and Irene Dunne. In 1941 by director Robert Stevenson starring Charles Boyer and Margaret Sullavan. In 1961 by director David Miller starring Susan Hayward and John Gavin.All three films were released by Universal Pictures and the third was in Technicolor.
 One is a dystopian novel by David Karp first published in 1953. It was also published under the title Escape to Nowhere.Set in an unspecified time in the future in an unspecified Americanized country One depicts a society on its way to a self-proclaimed perfection which consists in dissension having been rooted out and every citizen identifying his or her own interests with those of the benevolent State.
 Sarny is the sequel to Nightjohn by Gary Paulsen. It was published on September 8 1997 by Dell Books.
 The Honorary Consul is a British thriller novel by Graham Greene published in 1973. It was one of the author's favourite works.
 Death at the Dolphin is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-fourth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1967. The plot centers on a glove once owned by Hamnet Shakespeare on display at a newly renovated theater called the Dolphin; the novel was published as Killer Dolphin in the United States. Several characters from the novel return in Marsh's final book Light Thickens.
 Overdosed America: The Broken Promise of American Medicine is a book about unnecessary health care.
 This Magazine is an independent alternative Canadian political magazine. It was launched by a gang of school activists in April 1966 as This Magazine is About Schools a journal covering political issues in the education system.During its early years its editorial offices were located near the University of Toronto in space rented from Co-operative College Residences Inc. which in the late 1960s spawned the experimental free university Rochdale College.
 Paladin of Souls is a 2003 fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold.
 Spartacus is a 1951 historical novel written by Howard Fast. It is about the historic slave revolt led by Spartacus around 71 BCE The book inspired the 1960 film directed by Stanley Kubrick and the 2004 TV adaptation by Robert Dornhelm.The novel changes between third-person omniscient past and present tenses.
 In Defense of Reason is a collection of three volumes of literary criticisms by the American poet and literary critic Yvor Winters. First published in 1947 the book is fairly well known in literary circles both British and American particularly for its meticulous study of metrical verse and Winters' system of ethical criticism. Scholars and writers still mention or cite the book somewhat often in scholarly monographs to the present.
 Tri is a novel by Slovenian author Peter Zupanc. It was first published in 2001.
 The Family Arsenal is a novel by Paul Theroux originally published in 1976. It is a political thriller following the acts of a terrorist cell in London.
 Writer's Digest is an American magazine aimed at beginning and established writers. It contains interviews market listings calls for manuscripts and how-to articles.Writer's Digest is owned by F+W Media which publishes the annual edition of Writer's Market a guide containing a list of paying markets — magazines publishing houses and contests — as well as an index and tips for the beginning writers.
 The Landscape of Love (The Sisters Mortland in the US edition) is the most recent novel published since the critically acclaimed Rebecca's Tale by British author Sally Beauman. It tells the tale of the Mortland girls – beautiful but cold Julia; remote and aloof Finn; and young ‘different’ Maisie – who come with their mother Stella to live in their grandfather's home a huge and ancient ruin of an abbey.
 Nanotoxicology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that focuses on environmental exposure hazard and risk of appliednanostructured materials. It publishes research that addresses the potentially toxic interactions between nanostructured materials and living matter. The journal publishes the results of studies that enhance safety during the production use and disposal of nanomaterials.
 'Yes Man' is a comedy/memoir novel written by Danny Wallace based upon a year of the author's life in which he chose to say Yes to any offers that came his way. It was also loosely adapted into the 2008 film Yes Man starring Jim Carrey.
 Monster War is the third book in the Nightmare Academy series by author Dean Lorey following the fictional events in the lives of characters Charlie Benjamin and his friends Theodore Dagget and Violet Sweet in their attempt to prevent the remaining Named from traveling back to Earth and summoning The Fifth.
 eLife is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal for the biomedical and life sciences. It was sponsored by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute Max Planck Society and Wellcome Trust following a workshop held in 2010 at the Janelia Farm Research Campus. It was established at the end of 2012 and made its initial articles available by posting them on PubMed Central which has seen criticism.
 The Privateer is the second of the three science fiction novels of the Flight Engineer by S. M. Stirling and James Doohan.
 Dallas Voice founded in 1984 is a newspaper for the gay community in Dallas Texas (USA). It is published by the Voice Publishing Company Inc.New issues are published on Fridays with a circulation of 20000 papers per week in Dallas Tarrant Collin and Denton counties. The paper claims a print readership of more than 50000 weekly readers and more than 100000 unique monthly visits to its website.
 Addicted to Curry (華麗なる食卓 Karē naru Shokutaku) is a manga series written and illustrated by Kazuki Funatsu published in Shueisha's Weekly Young Jump between 2001 and 2012.
 Boulder Weekly is an alternative newsweekly that publishes every Thursday in Boulder Colorado. The paper is a member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies (AAN) and is owned and published by Stewart Sallo.
 The Bumblebee Flies Anyway is a young adult novel by Robert Cormier. It was published in 1983.
 Bird lore redirects here. Or see ornithology.Audubon is the flagship journal of the National Audubon Society. It is profusely illustrated and focuses on subjects related to nature with a special emphasis on birds. New issues are published bi-monthly for society members. An active blog called 'The Perch' produces daily updates on issues also. In 2011 Audubon Magazine received an Utne Reader Independent Press Award for Best Environment Coverage.
 An Expensive Place to Die is a 1967 novel by Len Deighton. It is set initially in Paris and takes its title from an Oscar Wilde quotation about the said city.
 The Radicalism of the American Revolution is a nonfiction book by historian Gordon S. Wood published by Vintage in 1993. In the book Wood explores the radical character of the American Revolution. The book was awarded the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Weeds (also known as The Lonesome Death of Jordy Verrill) is a short story by Stephen King. It was first published in Cavalier magazine in May 1976.
 Tacoma Weekly is a weekly community newspaper published by Pierce County Community Newspaper Group (PCCNG). The paper started in 1987 as the Tacoma Monthly and in 1994 became the Tacoma Weekly.The newspaper has always been a free publication. It is distributed on Thursdays inside hundreds of businesses and public spaces in the Tacoma area. The paper underwent a major redesign in the summer of 2001. They switched from a tabloid format to a broadsheet format.
 The Journal News is a newspaper in New York serving the suburban New York City counties of Westchester Rockland and Putnam a region known as the Lower Hudson Valley. It is owned by the Gannett Company Inc.
 A Most Wanted Man is a thriller/espionage novel by John le Carré published in September 2008 by Hodder & Stoughton in the United Kingdom and in October 2008 by Scribner in the United States.A young Chechen ex-prisoner arrives illegally in Germany practically uneducated and destitute but with a claim to a fortune held in a private bank.
 The Wind in the Willows is a classic of children's literature by Kenneth Grahame first published in 1908. Alternately slow moving and fast paced it focuses on four anthropomorphised animal characters in a pastoral version of England. The novel is notable for its mixture of mysticism adventure morality and camaraderie and celebrated for its evocation of the nature of the Thames valley.In 1908 Grahame retired from his position as secretary of the Bank of England.
 Outcasts is a 1987 twelve-issue limited series written by John Wagner and Alan Grant and drawn by Cam Kennedy and Steve Montano.
 Amber and Iron is a fantasy novel in the Dragonlance book series by Margaret Weis co-creator of the world of Dragonlance and is the second of a trilogy based around the character Mina. This is the fifteenth novel in the series.
 Freshmen is a comic book series published by Top Cow co-created by Seth Green and Hugh Sterbakov. The publication is marketed as The adventures of college freshmen with extraordinary powers. Issue #1 was dated June 8 2005.Freshmen II was released between November 2006 and July 2007.
 Indomitable Will: LBJ in the Presidency is a biography of Lyndon Baines Johnson by Mark K. Updegrove published in 2012.
 You Can't Go Home Again is a novel by Thomas Wolfe published posthumously in 1940 extracted from the contents of his vast unpublished manuscript The October Fair. The novel tells the story of George Webber a fledgling author who writes a book that makes frequent references to his home town of Libya Hill. The book is a national success but the residents of the town unhappy with what they view as Webber's distorted depiction of them send the author menacing letters and death threats.
 The Eyes of My Princess (Los ojos de mi princesa) is a young-adult novel written by Mexican author Carlos Cuauhtémoc Sánchez. Published in 2004 the novel tells the story of a teenager that falls in love with a girl at school and has to overcome a lot of problems to be with her. This is the complete version of the 1996 story called La fuerza de Sheccid (Sheccid's Strength).
 Conservation Fallout: Nuclear Protest at Diablo Canyon is a 2006 book by John Wills. Widespread public opposition accompanied the rise of the U.S. nuclear industry during the 1960s and 1970s. In Conservation Fallout Wills examines one of the most controversial nuclear projects of the period: Pacific Gas and Electric's Diablo Canyon Power Plant which was built in a relatively unsettled biologically diverse and scenic part of the central California coast.
 The Joy of Gay Sex is a sex manual for men who have sex with men written by Dr. Charles Silverstein and Edmund White. The book was first published in 1977.
 Subway Art is a collaborative book by Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant which documents the early history of the New York City New York graffiti movement. Originally published in 1984 the book holds great significance in exporting graffiti and the wider hip hop culture internationally.The book features artists such as Zephyr Seen Kase2 Dondi and Lady Pink.The 25th anniversary edition was released in 2009 the book is available in large format measuring 43x30.5 cm.
 Theoretical Economics is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal that publishes theoretical papers in all areas of economics. The journal was established in 2006. From then until 2009 it was published by the Society for Economic Theory. On July 1 2009 the Econometric Society took over the journal. The current editor-in-chief is George J. Mailath. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Current Contents/Social and Behavioral Sciences and the Social Sciences Citation Index.
 The Hobbit or There and Back Again is a fantasy novel and children's book by English author J. R. R. Tolkien. It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the New York Herald Tribune for best juvenile fiction.
 Hero Builder's Guidebook is an accessory for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Open Conspiracy: Blue Prints for a World Revolution was published in 1928 by H. G. Wells when he was 62 years old. It was revised and expanded in 1930 with the additional subtitle A Second Version of This Faith of a Modern Man Made More Explicit and Plain. In 1931 a further revised edition appeared titled What Are We to Do with Our Lives? A final version appeared in 1933 under its original title.
 Annals of Thoracic Medicine is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Saudi Thoracic Society. The journal was started as a semi-annual publication in 2005 and is being published four times in a year now. The journal publishes articles on the subject of pulmonary medicine thoracic surgery critical care medicine allergy and immunology sleep medicine respiratory therapy and anesthesia.
 Midwinter is a 1923 novel by John Buchan set during the Jacobite rising of 1745 when an army of Scottish highlanders advanced into England seeking to place Bonnie Prince Charlie (Charles Stuart) the grandson of ousted King James II on the throne.
 Hell Hath Fury is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by George Hay the third of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine Unknown of the 1930s-40s. It was first published in hardcover by Neville Spearman in October 1963.The book collects seven tales by various authors together with a preface by the editor.
 Internal Medicine is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published monthly by the Japanese Society of Internal Medicine. It was established in 1961 as the Japanese Journal of Medicine and obtained its current title in 1992.
 The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark is a book by astrophysicist Carl Sagan which was first published in 1995.The book is intended to explain the scientific method to laypeople and to encourage people to learn critical or skeptical thinking. It explains methods to help distinguish between ideas that are considered valid science and ideas that can be considered pseudoscience.
 The Sedalia Democrat is an American daily newspaper published in Sedalia Missouri. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.The Democrat was founded in 1868 as a weekly newspaper and began its daily edition originally called the Daily Democrat December 19 1871.In 1995 it became part of the Freedom Communications chain; it was sold in May 2012 to Ohio Community Media.
 Everyone Loves You When You're Dead: Journeys into Fame and Madness is a book by the American author Neil Strauss released on March 15 2011. A New York Times bestseller the book is a compilation of more than 200 interviews from the author’s career as a pop culture journalist.To construct the book Strauss visited his original interview recordings notes and transcripts and selected the often unpublished moments from the three thousand-something interviews conducted for various periodicals.
 Destined to Witness: Growing Up Black in Nazi Germany (ISBN 978-0060959616) is an autobiographical book by Hans J. Massaquoi.
 Barbara of the House of Grebe is the second of ten short stories in Thomas Hardy's frame narrative A Group of Noble Dames. It is told by the old surgeon. The story was published in The Graphic in 1890 and in book form in 1891.
 The Star Trek Encyclopedia: A Reference Guide to the Future is an encyclopedia of in-universe information from the Star Trek television series and films. It was written by Michael Okuda and Denise Okuda who were production staff on Star Trek: The Next Generation Star Trek: Deep Space Nine and Star Trek: Voyager and Debbie Mirek. It was illustrated by Doug Drexler.
 Dreadstar was the first comic series published by American publisher Epic Comics an imprint of Marvel Comics in 1982.
 Tarzan a fictional character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs first appeared in the 1912 novel Tarzan of the Apes and then in 23 sequels. The character proved immensely popular and quickly made the jump to other media including comics.
 Superman & Batman: Generations is the umbrella title of three Elseworlds comic book limited series published by DC Comics in the United States written and illustrated by John Byrne. A major concept of the series is the avoidance of so-called comic book time; it places Superman Batman and the other members of the DC Universe in a single timeline showing the characters aging and being replaced by their progeny.
 Always Outnumbered Always Outgunned is a 1997 crime novel by Walter Mosley.
 Moab Is My Washpot (published 1997) is Stephen Fry’s autobiography covering the first 20 years of his life. Reviewers described it as both humorous and painfully candid.In the book Fry is candid about his many weaknesses including stealing cheating and lying. The book covers some of the same ground as in Fry’s first novel The Liar published in 1991.
 Birds & Blooms is an American magazine about backyard plants birds butterflies and other creatures. It is published by Reiman Publications. Most of the articles and photographs in the magazine are reader-submitted giving the magazine a non-scientific approach.
 The Ruins of Gorlan is the first novel in the Ranger's Apprentice series written by Australian author John Flanagan. It was first released in Australia on 1 November 2004 and in the United States on 16 June 2005. Flanagan first conceived the world of the novel in a series of short stories he wrote for his son to incite his interest in reading. Ten years later he decided to turn them into The Ruins of Gorlan.
 Garfield and Friends: Behind the Scenes is a Garfield and Friends-themed DVD. It was released on December 5 2006 and contained 15 episodes of Garfield only (no U.S. Acres). It was followed by was Garfield and Friends: An Ode to Odie and another version will come with a Garfield Ty Beanie Baby.
 This Land Press is a new media company based in Tulsa Oklahoma that produces a print magazine a weekly television show audio programs digital publications and books. It was founded by Michael Mason an Oklahoma-born author journalist and editor. In March 2011 local businessman Vincent LoVoi partnered with Mason and became the publisher of This Land Press.This Land Press employs over 20 people throughout the Tulsa and Oklahoma City areas in Oklahoma.
 Going Going Gone is a 2000 alternate history novel by Jack Womack. As the sixth and final installment of his acclaimed Dryco series the novel was the subject of much anticipation and speculation prior to its release and critically well received.
 Mena Report (Middle East and North Africa Business Report) is a business news source established in 2001 and run by Al Bawaba (Amman Jordan and Dubai). It covers business and economics across the Arabic world.The Mena Report covers economy and trade IT and telecom financial markets oil and energy agriculture general industry retail and services transport and tourism. At time of launch Menafn.com and Zawya.com provided similar content as the Mena Report.
 Jet is an American weekly marketed toward African-American readers founded in 1951 by John H. Johnson of Johnson Publishing Company in Chicago Illinois. Initially billed as The Weekly Negro News Magazine Jet is notable for its role in chronicling the early days of the American Civil Rights movement from its earliest years including coverage of the Emmett Till murder the Montgomery Bus Boycott and Martin Luther King Jr.
 L'Autre Afrique was founded by Paris-based journalist Jean-Baptiste Placca in 1997 as a response to the clichéd and often reductive depiction of Africa in the Western media.In contrast L'Autre Afrique sought to inspire a different reading that reflected the diversity of opinion the multiple realities unique terminology and complexities of daily life across a vast continent of over fifty nations.
 Never Again the Burning Times: Paganism Revisited is an anthropological study of the Wiccan and wider Pagan community in the United States.
 Biological Procedures Online is a peer-reviewed biomedical protocols journal that is open access and published online only. Biological Procedures Online publishes protocols in research techniques and applications of existing techniques; validity analysis of research methods and approaches for judging the validity of research reports; hypothesis development and experimental design; application of common research methods; and reviews of techniques. The editor of the journal is Shulin Li.
 Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike is a comedy play written by Christopher Durang that premiered at McCarter Theatre on September 7 2012. It ran Off-Broadway in 2012 and then transferred to Broadway in 2013. Subsequently it was produced in California. The show revolves around three middle-aged single siblings two of whom live together during a visit by the third who supports them. The show depicts how their lives have evolved and how they have come to be in their current state.
 A Book on Angling - Being a complete treatise on the art of angling in every branch is a work of angling literature with significant fly fishing content written by Francis Francis angling editor to The Field and published in London in 1867 by Longmans Green and Company.
 Anatomy of Monotony is a poem from the second 1931 editionof Wallace Stevens's first book of poetryHarmonium. Unlike most ofthe poems in this collection it was first published in 1931 so it isrestricted by copyright until 2025 in America and similarjurisdictions because of legislation like theSonny Bono Copyright TermExtension Act.
 The Games Machine was a video game magazine that was published from 1987 until 1990 in the United Kingdom by Newsfield which also published CRASH Zzap!64 Amtix! and other magazines.
 WesternEye is the student newspaper produced by University of the West of England's Students' Union.The Western Eye newspaper was established by Emma Judd (Communications officer 2003/04) in 2003. It was intended to both provide students with the latest news while also providing an opportunity for those who are interested in helping produce it. In 2005 UWESU changed its constitution which removed the post of Communications officer and was brought under the remit of the Activities President.
 Acidity is a dystopian[citation needed] cyber novelette written by eccentric Pakistani journalist and writer Nadeem F. Paracha. Written exclusively for the website Chowk.com in 2003 it has gone on to become a controversial cult favorite among many young Pakistanis and Indians.
 The UCL Journal of Law and Jurisprudence is a journal edited and produced by students in the University College London Faculty of Laws. Prior to 2012 it was known as the UCL Jurisprudence Review which was established in 1994.
 The Friend is a weekly Quaker magazine published in London England. It is the only Quaker weekly in the world and has been published continuously since 1843. It began as a monthly but after a few years it became a weekly. It is one of the oldest continuously published publications in the world still in operation. Others (e.g. Punch) which began publication before The Friend have had lengthy interruptions in publication and/or have closed down.
 The Southern Quill is the annual literary magazine published by Dixie State College of Utah (DSC) since 1950 or 51. The magazine includes poetry short stories photographs sketches as well as non-fiction works such as literature reviews and essays created by residents of Washington County Utah and Kane County Utah.
 Dir En Grey Yarouze (Dir en grey やろうぜ) is a reference book published on Japanese rock band Dir En Grey. The book chronicles the early history of Dir En Grey provides detailed interviews and summaries of equipment used by the band.
 Black Boy (1945) is a bildungsroman by Richard Wright and his eventual move to Chicago where he establishes his writing career and becomes involved with the Communist Party.
 Fiddlers Three is a play written by Agatha Christie in 1972. The play was first written and performed as Fiddlers Five which toured briefly in 1971 after opening in Bristol.
 The World Below is a science fiction novel by author S. Fowler Wright. It was first published in 1929 by Collins. The novel was originally intended as a trilogy however the third part was never written. The first part was originally published separately as The Amphibians by Merton Press in 1924. The second part was published separately by Galaxy Science Fiction Novels in 1951 and was also titled The Worlds Below.
 Nanyang Sin-Chew Lianhe Zaobao (Chinese: 南洋·星洲联合早报; pinyin: Nányáng Xīnzhoū liánhé zǎo bào; literally Nanyang Sin-Chew United Morning Paper) commonly abbreviated as Lianhe Zaobao (Chinese: 联合早报; pinyin: Liánhé zǎo bào; literally United Morning Paper) is the largest Singapore-based Chinese-language newspaper with a daily circulation of about 176000.
 Detroit is a play by Lisa D'Amour. It was a finalist for the Pulitzer and Susan Smith Blackburn Prizes. The play premiered at the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago in 2010 and subsequently ran Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons in fall 2012. The play won the Obie Award for Best New American Play in 2013.
 The Keeper of the Isis Light is a science fiction novel for young adults by Monica Hughes published by Hamish Hamilton in 1980. It is the first of three books in a series named The Isis Trilogy in its omnibus edition.
 The Canadian Journal of Economics/Revue canadienne d'économique is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Canadian Economics Association. In 1967 the journal was established from a split of The Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science into this journal and the Canadian Journal of Political Science.
 The Monk: A Romance is a Gothic novel by Matthew Gregory Lewis published in 1796. A quickly written book from early in Lewis's career (it was written in ten weeks before he turned 20) its convoluted and scandalous plot has made it one of the most important Gothic novels of its time often imitated and adapted for the stage and the screen.
 The Massachusetts Review is a literary quarterly founded in 1959 by a group of professors from Amherst College Mount Holyoke College Smith College and the University of Massachusetts Amherst. It receives financial support from Five Colleges Inc. a consortium which includes Amherst College and four other educational institutions in a short geographical radius.
 This is the latest novel from S L Bhyrappa published in 2010. It has already seen seventeen reprints.Kavalu (Kannada: ಕವಲು) is a 2010 Kannada novel by one of the eminent novelists S.L. Bhyrappa. Kavalu means cross-roads and the novel deals with Indian society at Crossroads in the era of globalization. The story revolves around the main character Jaya Kumar. Book was released on 28 June 2010 and 3700 copies were sold out in first three days.
 The Humble Administrator's Garden is a collection of poetry written by Vikram Seth. It is his first collection published in 1985.
 Mhukhin (Burmese: မှုခင်း) is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 Racism Explained to My Daughter (by Tahar Ben Jelloun 1998 ISBN 88-7754-206-3) is a book in which the author during a demonstration against an immigration law in Paris answers his daughter's questions about the reasons for racism.The author's intent was to explain with this book the modern trauma that racism is to children and to help adults answer their children's questions on racism.
 The Journal of Experimental Psychology: General is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1975 as an independent section of the Journal of Experimental Psychology and covers research in experimental psychology.
 The Meeting is a 1987 American play by Jeff Stetson about an imaginary meeting between Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X in 1965 in a hotel in Harlem. The play was later televised on American Playhouse in 1989.
 Conan the Hunter is a fantasy novel written by Sean A. Moore featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in January 1994.
 Critique: Journal of Socialist Theory is a Marxist academic journal published by the Centre for the Study of Socialist Theory and Movements (University of Glasgow). The journal was established in May 1973 by founding editor Hillel H.
 The New Statesman is a British political and cultural magazine published weekly in London. Founded as a weekly review of politics and literature on 12 April 1913 and connected with leading members of the socialist Fabian Society the magazine has according to its present self-description a left-of-centre political position.The longest serving editor was Kingsley Martin (1930–60). The current editor is Jason Cowley who assumed the post at the end of September 2008.
 The Old Timers is a rare privately printed book published in 1957 by the school teacher map-maker publisher and author J.L. Carr during his second visit to teach at a public school in Huron South Dakota U.S.A.At the age of 25 years after training as a teacher J.L. Carr applied to the English-Speaking Union for a year's exchange as a teacher and arrived in Huron South Dakota on 1 October 1938.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: The Price of Freedom is a 2011 adventure novel written by Ann C. Crispin. The book details the adventures of Captain Jack Sparrow as a young man after the events of Pirates of the Caribbean: Jack Sparrow and before the events of Pirates of the Caribbean: Legends of the Brethren Court. This is the final novel written by Crispin who died in September 2013.
 One-Dimensional Man: Studies in the Ideology of Advanced Industrial Society is a 1964 book by philosopher Herbert Marcuse.Marcuse offers a wide-ranging critique of both contemporary capitalism and the Communist society of the Soviet Union documenting the parallel rise of new forms of social repression in both these societies as well as the decline of revolutionary potential in the West.
 The Eddie & the Gang with No Name series is a trilogy of young-adult novels written by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman. The trilogy surrounds a twelve-year-old Eddie and his affiliation with a local gang the Reservoir Pups. The trilogy was bought by the publisher Random House for release in America. However given the drug-related content in the third installment of the series Random House decided to publish only the first two novels.
 The Fry Chronicles: An Autobiography is the 2010 autobiography of Stephen Fry. The book is a continuation from the end of his 1997 publication of his first autobiography Moab Is My Washpot: An Autobiography. Though without a strict chronology it concentrates on a seven-year period of Fry's life taking up the story after his release from prison his time at the University of Cambridge and his career in comedy by the late 1980s.The book is Fry's tenth and his second volume of autobiography.
 Beyond the Dar Al-Harb is a collection of three fantasy and science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Tor Books in 1985. The title story is original to this collection and features Red Jamie a character from the Thieves World series previously in Dickson's collaborative novel Jamie the Red (1984) (written with Roland Green).
 Officer Buckle and Gloria is the name of the 1995 picture book by Peggy Rathmann that won the 1996 Caldecott Medal. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children. It was one of the Top 100 Picture Books of all time in a 2012 poll by School Library Journal.
 Climbing Mount Improbable is a 1996 popular science book by Richard Dawkins. The book is about probability and how it applies to the theory of evolution and is designed to debunk claims by creationists about the probability of naturalistic mechanisms like natural selection.The main metaphorical treatment is of a geographical landscape upon which evolution can only ascend in a gradual way not being able to climb cliffs (this is known as an adaptive landscape).
 The Journal of Engineering Education is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on engineering education that is published by the American Society for Engineering Education. The editor-in-chief is Michael C. Loui (University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign).
 The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis (French: Les quatre concepts fondamentaux de la psychanalyse) is the 1977 English-language translation of a 'transcription of the Seminar held by Jacques Lacan at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris between January and June 1964'. It was first published by the Hogarth Press in the UK and later by Norton in the US.
 The Gaze of the Gazelle is the memoir by the Persian author Arash Hejazi. This is the fourth of Hejazi's full-length novels.The Gaze of The Gazelle focuses on the political and social situation of Iran from Iranian Revolution (January 1978) until 2009–2010 Iranian election protests. The preface of this novel has been written by Paulo Coelho. The memoir was translated to German Italian and Swedish.
 Advances in Theoretical and Mathematical Physics (ATMP) is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by International Press.Established in 1997 the journal publishes articles on theoretical physics and mathematics.The current managing editor is Charles Doran (University of Alberta).
 Raising Steam is the 40th Discworld novel written by Terry Pratchett. It was originally due to be published on 24 October 2013; however it was pushed back to 7 November 2013 (and March 18 2014 in the U.S.).
 Before I Die is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in the April 1947 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Trouble in Triplicate published by the Viking Press in 1949.
 The Jeepney Magazine is the street newspaper sold by poor and homeless in the Philippines. It was launched in March 2008 with two purposes: to write for and about the poor and to provide them with jobs to make a living. It is sold for 100 pesos half of which the seller keeps. Selling 10 copies per day is expected to eventually let the sellers exceed the minimum wage by 40 percent.
 Shaheb Bibi Golam is a (year ???) Bengali novel written by Bimal Mitra (1912-1991) and is set in Calcutta India during the last years of the nineteenth century. The novels tells the story of the sumptuous lifestyle and the decay of a feudal family. It is the story of Pateshwari aka Chhoto Bou a woman who wants to experience romance to be a real wife to invent for herself and live a new kind of conjugality.
 New X-Men was an American comic book ongoing series written by Grant Morrison and featuring the mutant superhero team the X-Men. It was a retitling of the ongoing then-second volume of the main X-Men series and shares the series' numbering as opposed to creating a different ongoing series with a new number one issue.
 The Burlington Magazine is a monthly academic journal that covers the fine and decorative arts. Established in 1903 it is the longest running art journal in the English language It is published by a charitable organisation since 1986.
 The Patience Stone (French: Syngué sabour. Pierre de patience) is a 2008 novel by the French-Afghan writer Atiq Rahimi. It is also known as Stone of Patience. It received the Prix Goncourt.
 Hustler is a monthly pornographic magazine published in the United States. It was first published in 1974 by Larry Flynt. It was a step forward from the Hustler Newsletter which was cheap advertising for his strip club businesses at the time. The magazine grew from a shaky start to a peak circulation of around 3 million; it has since dropped to approximately 500000.
 Angewandte Chemie (German pronunciation: [ˈʔaŋɡəˌvantə çeˈmiː] meaning Applied Chemistry) is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Wiley-VCH on behalf of the German Chemical Society (Gesellschaft Deutscher Chemiker). Publishing formats include feature length reviews short highlights research communications minireviews essays book reviews meeting reviews correspondences corrections and obituaries.
 Wizard and Glass is the fourth book in the Dark Tower series by Stephen King. This book is subtitled Regard. It placed fourth in the annual Locus Poll for best fantasy novel.
 Ajax-nieuws - clubblad van de Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax (Dutch Ajax-news - club magazine of the Amsterdam Football Club Ajax) was a Dutch monthly sports magazine published in Amsterdam focusing on the association football club AFC Ajax with 12 issues appearing per season. It was established in 1917 and ran for 70 years with its first edition appearing in 1917 with an Ajax team photo on the cover.
 The Interpretation of Dreams (German: Die Traumdeutung) is a book by psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud. The book introduces Freud's theory of the unconscious with respect to dream interpretation and also first discusses what would later become the theory of the Oedipus complex. Freud revised the book at least eight times and in the third edition added an extensive section which treated dream symbolism very literally following the influence of Wilhelm Stekel.
 What Remains is a 2003 photography book by Sally Mann. The book is published by Bullfinch Press and contains 132 images on the subject of death including photographs of decomposing bodies.
 Gentleman and Ladies is a novel by Susan Hill published in 1968.
 The Sunlight Dialogues is a 1972 novel by the American author John Gardner.
 The Congressional Digest published by Congressional Digest Corporation is an independent monthly publication with offices in Washington DC. Congressional Digest was founded in 1921 by suffragette Alice Gram Robinson with the goal of presenting in her words “an impartial view of controversial issues.”A major source of inspiration for the publication’s format was the 1920 ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution granting women the right to vote.
 Gonzo (circus) is a Belgian Dutch bi-monthly music magazine first published in 1991. The magazine primarily focuses on contemporary musical genres such as jazz improvised music modern classical music rock noise electronic music and world music. Since 1995 each publication is accompanied by a compilation CD under the name Mind the Gap featuring new artists. Gonzo (circus) is published by the publisher Virtumedia.
 The Black Leather Jacket is a book written by English journalist and author Mick Farren published in 1985.
 Mirage is an international fashion and culture magazine.
 If There Be Thorns is a novel by Virginia Andrews which was published in 1981. It is the third book in the Dollanganger series. The story takes place in the year 1982.
 Freesia (Japanese: フリージア Hepburn: Furījia) is a psychological action thriller manga by Jiro Matsumoto. It was originally published by Shogakukan in Monthly Ikki between 2003 and 2010 and adapted into a film in 2007.
 Counterparts is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 Jungle World is a German weekly newspaper published in Berlin. Initially founded in 1997 by striking editors of the German Marxist daily Junge Welt it became independent after only a few issues.
 Biophysical Reviews and Letters is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing papers reviews and articles in the areas of experimental and theoretical biophysics. Topics covered include bionanosciences bioenergetics biofunctional bioinspired and biomimetic materials - as well as physical aspects of structural and molecular cell biology computational biophysics bioinformatics and fundamental issues related to the life sciences.
 The Firebrand is an 1987 historical fantasy novel by American author Marion Zimmer Bradley. Set in the ancient Greek city of Troy the novel is a re-telling of Homer's epic poem the Iliad. The Firebrand is written from the point-of-view of Kassandra the prophet daughter of King Priam of Troy and also features other prominent characters from Greek mythology. As in the Iliad Kassandra foresees catastrophe for her city but few pay heed to her warnings.
 Spindle's End is a retelling of Sleeping Beauty by author Robin McKinley published in 2000.
 Dark Night in Toyland (ISBN 0-575-04448-9) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Bob Shaw first published in 1989.
 Naalukettu is a Malayalam novel written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair. Published in 1958 it was MT's first major novel. The title attributes to Nālukettu a traditional ancestral home (Taravad) of a Nair joint family. Like many other novels written by MT Naalukettu is also set against the backdrop of the crumbling matrilineal order of Kerala in a newly independent India.Naalukettu remains a classic in Malayalam fiction. It contributed to the renewal of a literary tradition initiated by S. K.
 Bloody Sunday: Scenes from the Saville Inquiry is a 2005 dramatisation by English journalist Richard Norton-Taylor of four years of evidence of the Saville Inquiry distilled into two hours of stage performance by Tricycle Theatre in London.
 Lilith magazine is an independent Jewish-American feminist non-profit publication that has been issued quarterly since 1976. The magazine features award-winning investigative reports first-person accounts both contemporary and historical entertainment reviews fiction and poetry art and photography. Topics include everything from rabbinic sexual misconduct to new rituals and celebrations to deconstructing the JAP stereotype to understanding the Jewish stake in abortion rights.
 The Journal Sheets Brazil (Brazil Sheets S / A) is a publication that was founded on February 26 2008. With daily publication its themes focus on the everyday life of Brazilian cities and their inhabitants. Its key features irreverence good humor and exclusive stories.
 Applied Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of applied linguistics established in 1980 and published by Oxford University Press. It appears four times a year. Current editors in chief are Ken Hyland (University of Hong Kong) and Jane Zuengler (University of Wisconsin-Madison).
 Loopy Ears (Петлистые уши Petli′stye U′shi) is a short story by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin which was written in 1917 and gave his posthumous 1954 collection its title. The story was first published in the #7 volume of the literary anthology called Slovo (Слово Word; Moscow 1917) and remains to this day one of the most talked about Bunin's stories being as it was arguably the first piece of work in the Russian literature with a serial killer as the main character.
 The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner is a companion novella to the Twilight series by author Stephenie Meyer. It tells the story of a newborn vampire Bree Tanner who is featured in the third book of the series Eclipse. The book is written from the viewpoint of Bree as opposed to the rest of the series which is predominantly narrated by character Bella Swan.
 The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven is a 1993 collection of interconnected short stories by Sherman Alexie.
 Toshokan Sensō (図書館戦争 lit. Library War) is a Japanese light novel series by Hiro Arikawa with illustrations by Sukumo Adabana. There are four novels in the series though only the first novel is called Toshokan Sensō; the subsequent novels are named Toshokan Nairan Toshokan Kiki and Toshokan Kakumei. The novels were published by MediaWorks between February 2006 and November 2007. Two volumes of a spin-off series entitled Bessatsu Toshokan Sensō (別冊 図書館戦争 lit.
 The Croquet Player is a 1936 novella by H. G. Wells a sort of ghost story. It has been called a short allegory written under the stimulus of the Spanish War.
 Howard Phillips Lovecraft: Dreamer on the Nightside is a biography of H. P. Lovecraft written by Frank Belknap Long a longtime friend of Lovecraft. It was released in 1975 and by Arkham House in an edition of 4991 copies. It was one of three biographies of Lovecraft released in 1975. The others were Lovecraft: a Biography by L. Sprague de Camp and Lovecraft at Last by Willis Conover.
 Methuselah's Children is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein originally serialized in Astounding Science Fiction in the July August and September 1941 issues. It was expanded into a full-length novel in 1958.The novel is usually considered to be part of Heinlein's Future History series of stories. It introduces the Howard Families a fictional group of people who achieved long lifespans through selective breeding.
 Journey into Mystery is an American comic book series initially published by Atlas Comics then by its successor Marvel Comics. Initially a horror comics anthology it segued to giant-monster and science fiction stories in the late 1950s. Beginning with issue #83 (cover dated August 1962) it ran the superhero feature The Mighty Thor created by writers Stan Lee and Larry Lieber and artist Jack Kirby and inspired by the mythological Norse thunder god.
 Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency is a humorous detective novel by Douglas Adams first published in 1987. It is described by the author on its cover as a thumping good detective-ghost-horror-who dunnit-time travel-romantic-musical-comedy-epic.The book was followed by a sequel The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul. The only recurring major characters are the eponymous Gently his secretary Janice Pearce and Sergeant Gilks.
 The Beetle (or The Beetle: A Mystery) is an 1897 horror novel by the British writer Richard Marsh. An Ancient Egyptian Princess transforms herself into a beetle in order to seek revenge on a British Member of Parliament.
 Tai-Pan is a novel written by James Clavell about European and American traders who move into Hong Kong in 1842 following the end of the First Opium War. It is the second book in Clavell's Asian Saga.
 In Search of Wonder: Essays on Modern Science Fiction is a collection of critical essays by Damon Knight. Most of the material in the book was originally published between 1952 and 1955 in various science fiction magazines including Infinity Science Fiction Original SF Stories and Future SF. The essays were highly influential and contributed to Knight's stature as the foremost critic of science fiction of his generation.
 Crimson Spell (クリムゾン・スぺル Kurimuzon.Superu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ayano Yamane. It is licensed in North America by SuBLime Manga and in Germany by Tokyopop Germany.
 Päevaleht was a daily newspaper published in Estonia from 1990 to 1995.On 1 February 1990 the newspaper Noorte Hääl (published between 1940–1941 and 1944–1990) was renamed to Päevaleht.The last issue was published on 4 June 1995. After that the newspapers Hommikuleht Päevaleht and Rahva Hääl were merged and given the name Eesti Päevaleht.
 Pipeline Instrumental Review is a music magazine based in Thames Ditton Surrey England that deals with instrumental rock and pop music.
 The Captives of Kaag is the fourteenth book in the Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever. As with most of the later books in the series this one is illustrated by Brian Williams.
 Democracia (Amharic: ዴሞክራሲያ?</span> 'Democracy') is the organ of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party. It was launched as a clandestine weekly newspaper in July 1974 as the Central Committee of the Ethiopian People's Liberation Organization (as the EPRP was known at the time) returned to Ethiopia from exile. At the time the EPRP was often known simply as the Democracia group as the existence of the party was not publicly known.
 Biblical Interpretation: A Journal of Contemporary Approaches is a peer-reviewed academic journal of biblical studies published in five issues per year by Brill Publishers. The editor-in-chief is Tat-siong Benny Liew (Pacific School of Religion).
 CrossGenesis was the first ever CrossGen comic book. Its purpose was to give readers a first look into the world that would become popularly known as the Sigilverse.
 Prayers for the Assassin is a political thriller and a work of speculative fiction written by American crime writer Robert Ferrigno.
 Fortín Mapocho (Mapocho Small Stronghold in English) was a daily newspaper and now a Chilean weekly electronic publication written by socialists who stand in the Allendista tradition and who are critical of the Concertacionista socialists that presently govern the country.
 Mannfolk is a novel from 1886 by Norwegian writer Arne Garborg.The novel is set in Norway's capital Christiania and is a fierce attack on the sexual education of the time. It describes the life of a number of down-and-out men who belong to the artistic circles of the city.After the confiscation of Hans Jæger's 1885 novel Fra Kristiania-Bohêmen and Christian Krohg's 1886 novel Albertine Garborg begged the Government that his novel Mannfolk please also be confiscated.
 Medieval Children is a book on the history of childhood written by English historian Nicholas Orme in 2001. It covers aspects of English children throughout the Middle Ages. The book addresses what is considered Philippe Ariès's central thesis in Centuries of Childhood that there was no medieval understanding of childhood as a phase an idea that critics have said Orme refutes successfully.
 First Language is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers three times a year in the field of Language. The journal's editor is Kevin Durkin (University of Strathclyde). It has been in publication since 1980 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Explore Evolution: The Arguments For and Against Neo-Darwinism is a controversial biology textbook written by a group of intelligent design supporters and published in 2007.
 The Village Voice of Ottawa Hills (or The Village Voice) is a monthly community newsmagazine that serves the village of Ottawa Hills Ohio a suburb of Toledo. With over 1200 subscribers the paper reports a readership of nearly 3000 people.
 Lost Moon: The Perilous Voyage of Apollo 13 (1994) later renamed Apollo 13 is a book written by Jim Lovell and Jeffrey Kluger. It is about the failed Apollo 13 Lunar landing mission of which Lovell was the commander. The 1995 Ron Howard movie Apollo 13 is based on the book.The Apollo 13 mission was the third intended to land on the Moon. An explosion on board crippled the Service Module containing the majority of the life support systems for the ship.
 The Seminole Chronicle is a weekly community newspaper that serves Oviedo and Winter Springs Florida United States. The Chronicle is published every Thursday with a circulation of 10000 copies.The Chronicle was founded in 2004 and was purchased in 2007 by Florida Today which is owned by Gannett.
 The White Gryphon is the second novel in the Mage Wars trilogy. The book takes place 10 years after the end of The Black Gryphon. The story is the continuation of Skandranon and the others from Urtho's lands.
 Witches of East End is a 2011 fiction novel by author Melissa de la Cruz and the first entry in her Beauchamp Family series. The book was released on June 21 2011 by Hyperion Books and follows a family of Long Island witches that are struggling against dark forces that are conspiring against them.
 The Assam Tribune is an English daily newspaper published from Guwahati and Dibrugarh Assam. It is the highest circulated English daily in North-East India.First published from Guwahati it is now published simultaneously from Guwahati and Dibrugarh. The newspaper is perhaps the best in the North-Eastern Region. It has a huge readership in Assam and is the most popular newspaper in the North-East India.
 Mylo Xyloto is a comic created by Coldplay and Mark Osborne and was announced at Comic Con 2012 that ties into (and apparently tells the story of) the Coldplay album Mylo Xyloto.
 The Romantic Manifesto: A Philosophy of Literature is a non-fiction work by Ayn Rand a collection of essays regarding the nature of art. It was first published in 1969 with a second revised edition published in 1975.
 Fist and Fang is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in May 1930 issue of Fight Stories. Howard earned $100 for the sale of this story. It is also known by the title Cannibal Fists.The story is now in the public domain.
 Nietzsche's Kisses is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen published in 2006 by Fiction Collective Two. It is a work of historiographic metafiction.
 Wayside School is Falling Down is an 1989 children's novel by American author Louis Sachar and the second book in his Sideways Stories From Wayside School series. Like its predecessor it contains 30 chapters although some chapters are interconnected in a more narrative form rather than as separate stories as is the case for its predecessor.
 The East Valley Tribune is a publication concentrating on cities within the East Valley region of metropolitan Phoenix including Mesa Tempe Chandler Gilbert and Queen Creek.Formerly a daily newspaper the Tribune resulted from the combination of local newspapers acquired by Cox Enterprises: The Tempe Daily News the Mesa Tribune the Scottsdale Progress and the Chandler Arizonan.
 Poisson d'or (meaning Fish of Gold in English) is a novel by the French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. It is the story of an Arab girl whose life is full of adventures. A brothel in Morocco a Spanish slum Parisian Bohemian life and at last a trip to America where she fulfills her dream of becoming a jazz singer.
 Justice League Quarterly was a quarterly American comic book series published by DC Comics from Winter 1990 to Winter 1994; it lasted 17 issues. It had a variable cast pulling from the Justice League membership. The title centred around short stories featuring a differing number of characters often solo stories and in later issues often featured a pin-up section of members of the Justice League. Various writers and artists have worked on the title.
 Ecotopia Emerging (EE) by Ernest Callenbach is a fictionalized history of the events leading up to the secession of Northern California Oregon and Washington to form the steady-state environmentalist nation of Ecotopia along the Pacific Coast of the United States. In 1975 Callenbach had published a utopian novel called Ecotopia about the events; EE is the prequel published in 1981.
 Al Shaab (in Arabic الشعب meaning The People) is the official newspaper of the Egyptian Islamic Labour Party (formerly known as the Socialist Labour Party).
 Moe Howard and the Three Stooges is the autobiography of Moe Howard of The Three Stooges. He spent his final days writing his autobiography which he tentatively titled I Stooged to Conquer. However Howard fell ill with lung cancer in May 1975 and died before it could be completed.Howard's daughter Joan Howard Maurer completed her father's book and it was eventually published in 1977.
 Pacifica: Australasian Theological Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of theology. The journal's editor-in-chief is Sean Winter (Uniting Church Theological College/Centre for Theology and Ministry Australia). It was established in publication since 1988 and is currently published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Pacifica Theological Studies Association.
 The Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine. It covers all aspects of occupational medicine and occupational health psychology. It was established in 1959 as the Journal of Occupational Medicine in 1959 and obtained its current name in 1995.
 The Annals of Mathematics is a bimonthly mathematical journal published by Princeton University and the Institute for Advanced Study.
 Nightmare Abbey was the third of Thomas Love Peacock's novels to be published. It was written in late March and June 1818 and published in London in November of the same year by T. Hookham Jr of Old Bond Street and Baldwin Craddock & Joy of Paternoster Row. The novel was lightly revised by the author in 1837 for republication in Volume 57 of Bentley's Standard Novels.
 The Fortune of War is a historical novel set during the War of 1812 and written by British author Patrick O'Brian; it is the sixth book in the Aubrey-Maturin series.The Fortune of War contains lightly fictionalized accounts of the battle between HMS Java and USS Constitution and the battle between HMS Shannon and USS Chesapeake.The Americans capture Aubrey and are leery of him as a former commander of HMS Leopard involved with the Chesapeake-Leopard Affair.This book extensively explores Maturin's character while he and Aubrey languish in captivity in Boston as he manifests his various roles: doctor spy and tormented lover. 
 Love Junkies (恋愛ジャンキー) is an hentai comedy manga written and illustrated by Kyo Hatsuki. It is serialised in Akita Shoten's seinen magazine for adult men Young Champion. The manga is licensed in France by Taifu Comics in Spain by Norma Editorial and in Brazil by Editora JBC. All publishers other than Akita Shoten release the manga as Love Junkies.
 Methods in Organic Synthesis (MOS) is a fully searchable online text and graphical database that is updated weekly with the latest developments in organic synthesis. It is also available as a monthly print bulletin. Started in 1998 MOS provides graphical abstracts of new developments in organic synthesis.
 The Revue économique is a peer-reviewed academic journal published six times per year. It covers formal economics and other social sciences including history and sociology of relevance for economics. Articles are in French or English.The Revue économique is published by the Fondation Nationale des Sciences Politiques with the support of the French National Centre for Scientific Research and the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences.
 The One Minute Manager a book by Ken Blanchard and Spencer Johnson. According to Blanchard's website it has sold more than 13 million copies and has been translated into 37 languages.The brief volume tells a story recounting three techniques of an effective manager: one-minute goals one-minute praisings and one-minute reprimands. Each of these takes only a minute but is purportedly of lasting benefit.
 The Master and His Emissary: The Divided Brain and the Making of the Western World is a 2009 book written by Iain McGilchrist that deals with the specialist hemispheric functioning of the brain.
 Genus is a furry erotic comic book originally published by Antarctic Press and continued by Radio Comix under its Sin Factory imprint. Issues contain sexually explicit stories and pin-up illustrations by various artists featuring anthropomorphic animals (no human characters are included) and are labeled for sale to adults only. The series began in June 1993 with 94 issues published as of April 2012.
 Eventing is a monthly eventing magazine published by IPC Media. It is edited by Julie Harding.
 Shardik is a fantasy novel written by Richard Adams in 1974.
 Justice is a twelve-issue American comic book limited series published bimonthly by DC Comics from August 2005 through June 2007 written by Alex Ross and Jim Krueger with art also by Ross and Doug Braithwaite. Its story involves the superhero team known as the Justice League of America confronting the supervillain team the Legion of Doom after every supervillain is motivated by a shared dream that seems to be a vision of the planet's destruction which they intend to avoid.
 Das Echo is a monthly German language newspaper based in Montreal Quebec Canada.Das Echo began as the Das Echo des Deutschen Hauses für die deutsch-kanadische Gemeinschaft founded by Paul Christian Walter in 1978. It first began printing as a trimestrial newssheet for the German community in Greater Montreal. Like the majority of newspapers in Germany it is a subscriber's publication with a comparable small number of freely sold issues.
 Claudine...! (クローディーヌ...! Kurōdīnu...!) is a classic Shoujo manga set in the turn of early 20th century France. It was written by Riyoko Ikeda and the tankōbon was released on May 20 1978.
 Jumbor Barutronica (重機人間ユンボル Jūki Ningen Yunboru) is a mecha manga series created by Hiroyuki Takei the author of Shaman King and written by Mikami Hiromasa (加藤大悟). It was serialized by Shueisha in the manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump between issues 3 and 14 of 2007 and collected in a single bound volume (tankōbon). After the cancellation of the series two short stories were published inside Ultra Jump in 2009 and 2010.
 The North-West Evening Mail known locally as the Evening Mail is a daily local newspaper in the United Kingdom printed every evening. It is based in Barrow-in-Furness.Although its title suggests a larger area it in fact only covers news in the South Lakes and Furness.
 The 27s: The Greatest Myth of Rock & Roll is a non-fiction narrative that tells the history of rock & roll seen through the lives and legacies of 34 musicians who each died at the age of 27 (also known as the 27 Club). The 27s was created by Eric Segalstad (author) and Josh Hunter (illustrator). It was independently published and distributed by Random House.
 Brimstone is a novel written by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child published on August 3 2004 by Warner Books. This is the fifth book in the Special Agent Pendergast series and the first novel in the Diogenes trilogy that also includes Dance of Death (2005) and The Book of the Dead (2006).
 Born of the Storm is a socialist realist novel written by Nikolai Ostrovsky (1904–1936) during Joseph Stalin's era. The novel begun in January 1924 and concerning the Ukrainian–Soviet War remains unfinished due to Ostrovsky's death in December 1936.
 The Sheikh and the Dustbin is a collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser featuring a young Scottish soldier named Dand MacNeill. It is a sequel to The General Danced at Dawn and McAuslan in the Rough and concerns life in a Highland Division after the end of the Second World War.
 The Sienese Shredder was an annual journal of art literature design poetry and music that was been published between 2006 and 2010. In addition to written and visual content each issue contains an audio CD.
 The Living Blood is a novel by writer Tananarive Due. It is the second book in Due's African Immortals Series. It is preceded by My Soul to Keep which was published in 1997 and is followed by Blood Colony which was published in 2008.
 The Sky is Falling is a young adult novel written by Kit Pearson in 1989. It is the first novel in the Guests of War trilogy which follows the lives of Norah and Gavin Stoakes after they are evacuated from England to Canada during World War II.The novel won the Canadian Library Association Book of the Year Award for Children and the Geoffrey Bilson Award (for best Canadian work of historical fiction written for youth).
 ''el Nuevo Herald'' is a McClatchy newspaper published daily in Spanish in Southeast Florida in Florida the United States. Its headquarters is in Doral. el Nuevo Herald's sister paper is the Miami Herald also produced by the McClatchy Company.
 Poljana is a newspaper published in Estonia the Russian edition of the Estonian newspaper Grüüne. Its first issue was published in 2007.
 Akira No. 2 (アキラNo.2) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromasa Okushima. It will be adapted in a live action film that will be released in the fall of 2014 in Japan.
 Orphans of Chaos is a 2005 fantasy novel by John C. Wright. It is the first volume of a trilogy that continues with the novels Fugitives of Chaos (2006) and Titans of Chaos (2007).
 Ken Parker is a fictional character from a series of eponym Italian comics created in 1977 by Giancarlo Berardi and Ivo Milazzo. He is a widely appreciated character in Italy and all over former Yugoslavia.First issue of the series Lungo fucile (long rifle) was published by the Italian publisher CEPIM. Ken Parker however had been created three years earlier on a magazine of the same publisher. The series ran for 59 numbers.
 Turn Left at Gilgamesh is a play by Rory Winston in which civilization develops solely through a series of misunderstandings.Winston's first full-length effort Turn Left at Gilgamesh centers around 3 characters whose every effort to be understood furthers their sense of alienation. However it is also their ability to damage one another in just the right way that results in mutual development.
 Señor Saint is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris that first appeared in The Saint Detective Magazine. Although this collection was first published in 1958 by The Crime Club in the United States and by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom in 1959 the individual stories date from 1954 and 1955. The stories continue the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint.
 Contributions to the History of Concepts is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies in conceptual history. It is an official journal of the History of Political and Social Concepts Group. It is published by Berghahn Journals and sponsored by the Van Leer Jerusalem Institute.
 The Occult Review was a British illustrated monthly magazine published between 1905 and 1951 containing articles and correspondence by many notable occultists and authors of the day including Aleister Crowley Meredith Starr Walter Leslie Wilmshurst Arthur Edward Waite Franz Hartmann Florence Farr and Paul Brunton. Edited by Ralph Shirley and published in London by William Rider and Son LTD.
 Güneş (Sun in Turkish) is a newspaper in Turkey. It is owned by the Turkish government via the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund of Turkey (TMSF).
 Sexual Personae: Art and Decadence from Nefertiti to Emily Dickinson is a 1990 work about sexual decadence in Western literature and the visual arts by scholar Camille Paglia.
 Too Much Money is the last novel written by Dominick Dunne published posthumously in the year of his death 2009. A roman a clef its protagonist August (Gus) Bailey is an alter ego of the author.
 Far From the Madding Crowd (1874) is Thomas Hardy's fourth novel and his first major literary success. It originally appeared anonymously as a monthly serial in Cornhill Magazine where it gained a wide readership. Critical notices were plentiful and mostly positive. Hardy revised the text extensively for the 1895 edition and made further changes for the 1901 edition.
 Crimson Hero (紅色HERO Beni-iro Hīrō) is a Japanese sports-themed manga series written and illustrated by Mitsuba Takanashi. Crimson Hero is serialized in Shueisha's shōjo manga magazine Bessatsu Margaret.
 Erie Gay News is a monthly newsletter reporting news and current events concerning the gay community in the Erie Pennsylvania region. It was first published by a local gay man as a double sided single sheet on a monthly/bi-monthly basis beginning in early 1992. Beginning in January 1993 it was published on a monthly basis as a multiple page document.The first local Family Portrait was taken on the steps of the Erie County Courthouse on October 28 1995.
 Timetrap is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by David Dvorkin.
 Signal is a 2009 children's science fiction novel by Cynthia DeFelice. The book was a Junior Library Guild selection for 2009. The novel is about a boy who is bored with his new life in upstate New York and discovers a girl who claims to be from another planet who has been kidnapped by an abusive couple and attempts to make a signal to contact her home planet.
 SeaFire first published in 1994 was the fourteenth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond (including Gardner's novelization of Licence to Kill). Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.
 VALIS is a 1981 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. The title is an acronym for Vast Active Living Intelligence System Dick's gnostic vision of one aspect of God.It is the first book in the VALIS trilogy of novels the others being The Divine Invasion (1981) and The Transmigration of Timothy Archer (1982). VALIS represents Dick's last major work before he died. Radio Free Albemuth a posthumously published earlier version of VALIS is not included as a component of the VALIS trilogy.
 The Georgetown Journal of International Affairs is a semi-annual foreign policy magazine published by the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University in Washington D.C. The magazine takes a holistic approach to international relations giving voice to leading academics policymakers and analysts. As such the journal publishes articles from a wide range of international and interdisciplinary perspectives.
 The Reading Chronicle is an English local weekly newspaper covering Reading in Berkshire and surrounding areas starting off as the Berkshire Chronicle.
 Born of Man and Womanis the first collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Richard Matheson published in hardcover by Chamberlain Press in 1954. It includes an introduction by Robert Bloch. A truncated edition dropping four stories was published by Bantam Books in 1955 as Third from the Sun.
 Autoimmunity is an international peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the pathogenesis immunology genetics and molecular biology of immune and autoimmune responses. In addition the journal focuses on the autoimmune processes associated with systemic lupus erythematosus rheumatoid arthritis Sjögren syndrome diabetes multiple sclerosis and other systemic and organ-specific autoimmune diseases.
 High Society (2002) is a darkly comic novel by English author Ben Elton. The story focuses on Peter Paget a Labour Party MP and his mission to legalise all recreational drugs in the United Kingdom.
 Danger—Human is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Doubleday in 1970. It was subsequently published by DAW Books in 1973 as The Book of Gordon Dickson. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Analog Science Fiction and Fact If Galaxy Science Fiction and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 Västerbottens-Kuriren is a Swedish newspaper founded in 1900. It is published in Umeå Västerbotten. The newspaper covers regional news from Västerbotten especially Umeå in combination with national news and international news. During the last twenty years the newspaper has been one of the three biggest newspapers in Norrland (the northern part of Sweden). In 2008 the number of subscribers were 37 100.
 Reason is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov first published in the April 1941 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and collected in I Robot (1950) The Complete Robot (1982) and Robot Visions (1990). It is part of Asimov's Robot series and was the second of Asimov's positronic robot stories to see publication.In 1967 this short story was adapted into an episode of British television series Out of the Unknown entitled The Prophet.
 The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a 1988 humorous fantasy detective novel by Douglas Adams. It is the second book by Adams featuring private detective Dirk Gently the first being Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency.The title is a phrase which appeared in Adams' novel Life the Universe and Everything to describe the wretched boredom of immortal being Wowbagger the Infinitely Prolonged and is a play on the theological treatise Dark Night of the Soul by Saint John of the Cross.
 Quest otherwise known as Quest: The History of Spaceflight is a quarterly journal that has been published since 1992. Focused on preserving the stories and the stories behind the stories each issue features oral histories interviews photographs and feature articles written by professional and amateur historians people who have worked in the space industry and space enthusiasts.
 Islands in the Stream (1970) is the first of the posthumously published works of Ernest Hemingway. The book was originally intended to revive Hemingway’s reputation after the negative reviews of Across the River and Into the Trees. He began writing it in 1950 and advanced greatly through 1951. The work rough but seemingly finished was found by Mary Hemingway from among 332 different works Hemingway left behind after his death.
 A Foreign Policy of Freedom: Peace Commerce and Honest Friendship is a 2007 compilation of floor speeches to the U.S. House of Representatives by Congressman Ron Paul. They covered a 30-year period and addressed foreign policy. The book was published as an accompaniment to his campaign for the presidency of the United States in the 2008 election. The first edition includes a foreword by Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr.
 Mother Earth Living (previously Natural Home & Garden) is an American bimonthly magazine about sustainable homes and lifestyle published by Ogden Publications.
 When the Emperor was Divine is a historical fiction novel written by American author Julie Otsuka about a Japanese American family sent to an internment camp in the Utah desert during World War II. The novel is written through the perspective of four family members detailing their experiences about relocation and their time in the internment camps. It is Otsuka's debut novel and was published in the United States in 2002 by Alfred A. Knopf.
 Manga Time Jumbo (まんがタイムジャンボ Manga Taimu Janbo) is a Japanese monthly yonkoma manga magazine published by Hōbunsha since April 1995. The magazine was published in the 1990s as Manga Time Zōkan. Before the May 2005 issue the magazine was released on the 12th day of the month but is now released monthly on the 4th. Manga Time Jumbo is printed as B5 size. From February 1992 through October 2000 a New Yonkoma Artist Panel was convened.
 Valencia is a 2000 Lambda Literary Award-winning novel by Michelle Tea. It is an autobiographical and picaresque detailing the narrator's experiences in San Francisco's queer subculture. It includes experimentation with consensual sado-masochism after the author meets Petra a knife-wielder; as well as Willa a tormented poet; and Iris a young butch who escaped from a repressive southern upbringing to San Francisco
 Journal of Drug Targeting is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Informa that covers research on all aspects of drug delivery and drug targeting for molecular and macromolecular drugs. The editor in chief is Saghir Akhtar (Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology Faculty of Medicine Kuwait University).
 Draconian Measures is a book published by Wizards of the Coast written by Don Perrin and Margaret Weis based in the Dragonlance fictional fantasy campaign setting and is the second book of the Kang's Regiment series or The Chaos War series.
 Der yidisher arbeyter (דער אידישער ארבייטער: 'The Jewish Worker') was a Yiddish-language labour movement journal published from Paris France. It was the first full-fledged Jewish labour periodical in the country and catered to the Jewish branches of the Confédération générale du travail (CGT). It was the monthly organ of the Intersektionen Byuro ('Inter-sectional Bureau') the coordination of Jewish trade union branches of the CGT. The first issue appeared on October 9 1911.
 The Journal of Health Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of health psychology. The editor-in-chief is David Marks (City University London). The journal publishes reports of empirical studies critical reviews of the literature book reviews contributions related to theory commentaries related to theory and editorials on what are deemed to be significant issues. The journal was established in 1996 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Last Night in Twisted River is a 2009 novel by American writer John Irving his 12th since 1968. It was first published in Canada by Knopf Canada on October 20 2009 and in the United States by Random House on October 27 2009. The novel spans five decades and is about a boy and his father who flee the logging community of Twisted River on the Androscoggin River in northern New Hampshire after a tragic accident.
 The Hardcore Diaries is the third autobiography of New York Times best-selling author and former WWE wrestler Mick Foley.
 The Ramayana is a mythological book by R. K. Narayan. It was first published by Chatto and Windus London in 1973. The book is a shortened prose adaptation of the Tamil Kamba Ramayanam. In 1938 Narayan made a promise to his dying uncle that he would translate the Kamba Ramayana to English however he did not think about this promise until 1968 when he began work on this effort. He later wrote The Mahabharata published in 1978.
 St. Louis Magazine is a monthly periodical published in St. Louis Missouri. Founded in 1969 under the name Replay then The St. Louisan until 1977 it covers local history cuisine and lifestyles. The publication has won multiple awards from the City and Regional Magazine Association including the Gold award in 2007 and the Gold General Excellence award in 1992.
 The 2011 World Development Report: Conflict Security and Development (WDR) is a document by the World Bank on the challenges organised violence poses to the advancement of less developed countries. The report finds that over the last 30 years poverty has been reduced for most of the world's population - but this is not the case for the estimated 1.5 billion people living in countries blighted by on-going conflict.
 Cave of a Thousand Tales: The Life and Times of Pulp Author Hugh B. Cave is a biography of Hugh B. Cave written by Milt Thomas. It was released in 2004 by Arkham House in an edition of approximately 2500 copies. It was Thomas' first book published by Arkham House. The book was nominated for an International Horror Guild Award in 2004.
 Cuisine is a bi-monthly food and wine magazine published in New Zealand. It began publication in 1986 and has also existed in website form since December 2000. The magazine features recipes restaurant reviews wine reviews and travel features.
 Brown's Requiem is a 1981 crime novel the first novel by American author James Ellroy.
 Canadian Family Physician (French: Médecin de famille canadien) is a monthly peer-reviewed open-access medical journal and the official journal of The College of Family Physicians Canada. It publishes articles in English and French related to the practice of family medicine. Many articles and all research abstracts are published in both languages.
 The GAO Review was an American magazine published during the late 20th century. It was published by the Government Accountability Office of the United States Congress. It began in 1966 and ceased publication in 1987. It was succeeded by The GAO JournalThe purpose of the Review was to cover government and defense auditing topics document the activities of the GAO and provide a forum for GAO employees.
 Belle et Sébastien is a novel by Cécile Aubryabout a six-year-old boy named Sébastien and his dog Belle a Pyrenean Mountain Dog who live in a village in the French Alps close to the frontier with Italy. Sébastien lives with his adopted grandfather sister and brother as his mother a Romany died after giving birth to him while trying to cross the border on Saint Sebastian's day.
 Gun Princess (銃姫 Jū Hime) is an ongoing Japanese light novel series written Madoka Takadono and illustrated by Katsumi Enami. The first novel was published under Media Factory's MF Bunko J imprint in April 2004 and as of December 2009 eleven novels have been released. The series is set in a world where humans have discovered a way to seal their long-lost magical powers into bullets starting an era of constant warfare.
 The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds is a book published in 1971 by A.H. & A.W. Reed in Sydney. It was authored by Dominic Serventy his brother Vincent Serventy and John Warham. It is in octavo format (252 x 190 mm) and contains 264 pages bound in black buckram with a dustjacket illustrated with a photograph of a Red-tailed Tropicbird in flight.
 The Game is a 1905 novel by Jack London about a twenty year-old boxer Joe who meets his death in the ring. London was a sports reporter for the Oakland Herald and based the novel on his personal observations.
 The Ask And The Answer is a young-adult novel by Patrick Ness published by Walker Books in May 2009. It is the second book in the Chaos Walking series and events continue immediately from The Knife of Never Letting Go (2008).
 Fighting Fascism in Europe. The World War II Letters of an American Veteran of the Spanish Civil War is a World War II biography book by Lawrence Cane. During World War II Lawrence Cane wrote more than 300 letters home to his wife while serving in the American Army. In 1995 his son David E. Cane discovered them in a box that had remained in the attic for almost 50 years.
 The Finance Business Daily (Slovene: Poslovni dnevnik Finance; Finance meaning Finances) is the only daily Slovenian business and financial . The idea to publish it had already been proposed by Iztok Jurančič before 1991 when Slovenia declared its independence. However it was realized only in 1992. At first the newspaper was published by the company Gospodarski Vestnik.
 Andante (アンダンテ) is an romance-based shōjo manga by manga artist Miho Obana that was serialized in Ribon magazine from May 2001 through July 2002. A compilation version was published by Shūeisha.The story centers on the main character Mei Takahara who lives with her older stepbrother named Natsu whom she has fallen in love with. The plot thickens when a friend of the family whose parents have died comes to live with the siblings.
 Gone with the Wind is a novel written by Margaret Mitchell first published in 1936. The story is set in Clayton County Georgia and Atlanta during the American Civil War and Reconstruction. It depicts the experiences of Scarlett O'Hara the spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner who must use every means at her disposal to come out of the poverty she finds herself in after Sherman's March to the Sea.
 Lords and Ladies is the fourteenth Discworld book by Terry Pratchett. It was originally published in 1992. Much of the storyline spoofs elements of Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream.
 Abhorsen is a fantasy novel by Australian writer Garth Nix first published in 2003.
 Automotive News is a weekly print newspaper written for automotive retailers suppliers and manufacturers. It is based in Detroit and owned by Crain Communications Inc. The brand has a team of more than 55 editors and reporters worldwide.The company is headquartered at 1155 Gratiot Avenue in downtown Detroit.
 Animage (アニメージュ Animēju) is a Japanese anime and entertainment magazine which Tokuma Shoten began publishing in July 1978. Hayao Miyazaki's internationally renowned manga Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind was serialized in Animage from 1982 through 1994. Other titles serialized in Animage include Ocean Waves (1990-1995) a novel by Saeko Himuro which was later made into a television movie by the same title.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #7 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the seventh volume in a series of sixteen.
 Monster is a psychological thriller and murder mystery novel by Jonathan Kellerman. It is the fourteenth novel in the Alex Delaware series.
 Birdy is the debut novel of William Wharton who was more than 50 years old when it was published. It won the U.S. National Book Award in category First Novel.Birdy was a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 1980 ultimately losing to The Executioner's Song by Norman Mailer.Birdy was adapted as a film of the same name directed by Alan Parker and starring Matthew Modine and Nicolas Cage. Naomi Wallace a poet and playwright adapted Birdy for the stage in 1997.
 The Buckets is also an informal name used to describe the former Disneyland attraction the Skyway.The Buckets is a comic strip originally created by Scott Stantis. It has been syndicated since 1990 first by Tribune Media and currently by United Feature Syndicates Inc.. The comic centers on a suburban family of five; two parents two boys Toby a moody adolescent and Eddie a young boy and their paternal grandfather.
 Four Moons of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 761) in November 1988.
 Van Helsing: From Beneath The Rue Morgue is a one-shot comic book from Dark Horse Comics based on the film Van Helsing. It is based on the premise that Gabriel Van Helsing lived in Paris and from his own perspective telling his story through an inform sent to the Monsignor. It's not a sequel nor a continuation of the movie. It's a side-story within the same universe and timeline of the Van Helsing universe.
 Daughters of the Moon is a novel series by Lynne Ewing. It is about four fictional girls later five who are mortal goddesses and fight an ancient evil called The Atrox. They each have different powers destinies and dark sides. They all wear moon amulets. When they turn 17 they have to make a choice. They can either become something more or continue their lives – but as mortals who have forgotten their lives and consequently their powers as Daughters of the Moon.
 Karpatska Rus (Карпатска Русь) is a Rusyn language newspaper published in the United States for the Rusyn-speaking Lemko immigrant community. It is the successor to Lemko which began publication in 1927.Originally the paper was published weekly or twice a week and was entirely in the Lemko form of the Rusyn language. Its largest circulation was during World War II when it provided reporting from the war in the Carpathian mountains.
 The Prince Albert Daily Herald is a daily newspaper serving the city of Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada and the surrounding area.The Herald traces its roots to the Prince Albert Advocate which was begun in 1894 as one of several weekly newspapers serving the community at that time.In 1911 W.F. Herman who later served as publisher of the Windsor Daily Star in Ontario bought the Herald and switched it to a daily newspaper.
 Vecherniy Grodno is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Thirteen Minutes Magazine (sometimes abbreviated 13MinMag) is a magazine published by (IMatrix Inc.) in the United States which covers high fashion Asian women’s beauty movies/TV food and popular culture.(13 Minutes) is a new magazine about bicultural Asians and those interested in Asian culture.The magazine follows a typical format by featuring an editor’s monthly thoughts and table of contents in the first few pages while also featuring advertisements.
 Islam: The Straight Path is an Islamic studies book that aims to give an introduction to Islam. The book authored by John L. Esposito was first published in 1991 by the Oxford University Press.
 Terminal is the sixth and final novel in the Tunnels series published in UK on 6 May 2013.
 The Theory of the Leisure Class: An Economic Study of Institutions (1899) by Thorstein Veblen is an economic treatise and detailed social critique of conspicuous consumption as a function of social-class consumerism. It proposes that the social strata and the division of labor of the feudal period continued into the modern era.
 Darah Muda (also known by the old spelling Darah Moeda both meaning Young Blood) is a 1927 novel written by Indonesian writer Djamaluddin Adinegoro and published by Balai Pustaka. It is one of few Indonesian novels from the period in which the protagonists succeed in love.
 Science of Education (full title: Science of Education: Its General Principles Deduced from its Aim and the Aesthetic Revelation of the World) is a book written by the German empiricist Johann Friedrich Herbart. It was first published in German in 1806 and the first English printing was in 1902. Herbart emphasized education as the way for an individual to fulfill his potential and created a scientific method to help him do so.
 The Night Circus is a 2011 fantasy novel by Erin Morgenstern.
 The Scarlet Pimpernel is a play and adventure novel by Emma Orczy set during the Reign of Terror following the start of the French Revolution. The title character Sir Percy Blakeney represents the original hero with a secret identity that inspired[citation needed] subsequent literary creations such as Don Diego de la Vega (Zorro) and Bruce Wayne (Batman).
 The Tale of The Flopsy Bunnies is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in July 1909. After two full-length tales about rabbits Potter had grown weary of the subject and was reluctant to write another.
 Journal of a Novel: The East of Eden Letters is a series of letters written by John Steinbeck to his friend and editor Pascal Covici in parallel with the first draft of his longest novel. The letters were written between January 29- October 31 1951. They were not meant for publication but an edited version was first published by Viking the year after the author's death in 1968.
 Lemon (Japanese: 檸檬 Remon) is a collection of short stories by Japanese author Motojirō Kajii. Lemon was written in 1924 and was published as Kajii's first doujinshi. It was a 28 page handmade book: 4.25 x 5.5 staple-bound. The interior was color laser printed with several high quality black-and-white photographs. The cover had a spine and a full color photograph on the front. Lemon is one of Kajii's few works to have been translated into English.
 The Stand is a comic book adaptation of Stephen King's epic novel of the same name. Based on the unabridged version of The Stand first released in 1990 the adaptation is written by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa illustrated by Mike Perkins and was first published by Marvel Comics in 2008. It consists of thirty-one issues divided into six story arcs and is overseen by King.
 Rejecta Mathematica is an online journal for publishing papers that have been rejected by other mathematics journals such as Annals of Mathematics. Each paper is accompanied by an open letter describing why the paper was rejected how the topic has been developed since and why it is worthy of publication. The first issue was published in July 2009 containing topics such as image enhancement and condition numbers.
 Baykocha Nakalatch is a Marathi play directed by Prakash Buddhisaagar. The star cast includes Sunil Barve Manjusha Godse Madhavi Nimkar Sandesh Rane Kshitij Zarapkar.The play is a laugh riot.
 Tiger was a British comic magazine published from 1954 to 1985. The comic was launched under the editorship of Derek Birnage on 11 September 1954 under the name Tiger – The Sport and Adventure Picture Story Weekly and featured predominantly sporting strips. Its most popular strip was Roy of the Rovers a football-based strip recounting the life of Roy Race and the team he played for Melchester Rovers.
 The Review of Economic Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal in economics. It was established in 1933 by a group of economists based in Britain and the United States. The original editorial team consisted of Abba P. Lerner Paul Sweezy and Ursula Kathleen Hicks. It is published by Oxford University Press. In a 2003 survey it ranked eighth in overall impact among economics journals. The Review is widely considered one of the top-5 journals in Economics.
 The Exonian the oldest preparatory school paper in America is published weekly by its student board at Phillips Exeter Academy. Over half the student body as well as many parents and alumni/ae hold subscriptions to the paper which acts as a forum for the ideas of the Exeter community and prints extensive news opinion sports and feature articles such as faculty member profiles. In 2011 the newspaper became available to all students free of cost.
 The Record Herald is an American daily newspaper published weekdays and Saturdays in Washington Court House Ohio. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.Founded as a weekly in 1858 the Herald has published daily since at least 1916. Two dailies The Record-Republican and the Washington C.H. Herald merged in 1937 to form the current newspaper which was known as the Washington C.H.
 The Temple of My Familiar is a 1989 novel by Alice Walker. It is an ambitious and multi-narrative novel containing the interleaved stories of Arveyda a musician in search of his past; Carlotta his Latin American wife who lives in exile from hers; Suwelo a black professor of American History who realizes that his generation of men have failed women; Fanny his ex-wife about to meet her father for the first time; and Lissie a vibrant creature with a thousand pasts.
 Microserfs published by HarperCollins in 1995 is an epistolary novel by Douglas Coupland. It first appeared in short story form as the cover article for the January 1994 issue of Wired magazine and was subsequently expanded to full novel length. Set in the early 1990s it captures the state of the technology industry before Windows 95 and anticipates the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s.The novel is presented in the form of diary entries maintained on a PowerBook by the narrator Daniel.
 Thongor of Lemuria is a fantasy novel written by Lin Carter the second book of his Thongor series set on the fictional ancient lost continent of Lemuria. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in 1966. The authorafterwards revised and expanded the text in which form it was reissued as Thongor and the Dragon City first published in paperback by Berkley Books in 1970. This retitled and revised edition became the standard edition for later reprintings.
 The Gold Coast is a 1990 novel by Nelson DeMille.It is about John Sutter a Wall Street lawyer and Frank Bellarosa a mafia don and the conflict between the two that occurs when Bellarosa moves to the North Shore (Long Island) the same New York neighborhood as Sutter. Bellarosa befriends Sutter and his wife Susan and convinces Sutter to represent him in a high-profile case.
 Flare is a science fiction novel by Roger Zelazny and Thomas Thurston Thomas published in 1992.Flare describes the world as it may be in 2081 and the effects a future inter-planetary civilization would suffer if a solar flare occurred after almost 100 years without any solar activity.The book takes a scientific approach to the idea including almost no tangible story line.
 The Waltz Invention is a tragicomedy in three acts written by Vladimir Nabokov in Russian as Izobretenie Val'sa in 1938. It was first published in Russkie Zapiski in Paris in the same year. Nabokov translated it at that time into English for the first time. The second English translation was made by Dmitri Nabokov in 1964 with the help of his father who also made some alterations; it was published in 1966. The play takes place in an unnamed country in about 1935.
 Join My Cult is a subversive satirical novel written by James Curcio and released by New Falcon Publications (publisher of some notable counter-culture authors such Robert Anton Wilson Timothy Leary and Aleister Crowley). It is a work of collaborative fiction based on real events. In a subsequent interview the author said the book was meant to be a prologue for his second novel Fallen Nation: Party At The World's End.
 Bud Not Buddy is a children's novel written by Christopher Paul Curtis published in 1999. The book received the 2000 Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature. Christopher Paul Curtis was also recognized with the 2000 Coretta Scott King Award an award given to outstanding African-American authors.
 Middle Age : A Romance is a bestselling 2001 novel by Joyce Carol Oates.
 The Tailor's Needle (2009) is the debut novel of Indian writer Lakshmi Raj Sharma who is a professor in the Department of English University of Allahabad. It was first published in the UK in 2009 (ISBN: 0956037046) by Picnic Publishing Limited UK and then by Penguin Books India (2012; ISBN:9780143416760). It is a Raj novel covering the era from 1917 to the 1940s and ends a little before India gets its independence.
 A Glorious Way to Die: The Kamikaze Mission of the Battleship Yamato April 1945 is a 1981 military history book by Russell Spurr about the suicide mission of the Japanese battleship Yamato against the American Pacific Fleet during the Battle of Okinawa near the end of World War II. Yamato was the largest battleship in the world and Japan sacrificed her in a final desperate attempt to halt the Allied advance on the Japanese archipelago.
 Ring of Fire is the third published book by editor-author-historian Eric Flint of the 1632 series an alternate history series begun in the novel 1632 (February 2000). The Ring of Fire is both descriptive of the cosmic event as experienced by the series' characters but also is at times used as the name for the series itself.
 Daredevil: End of Days is an American comic book miniseries featuring the Marvel Comics character Daredevil written by Brian Michael Bendis and David W. Mack drawn by Klaus Janson inked by Bill Sienkiewicz and with covers by Alex Maleev. Mack Sienkiewicz and Maleev also contribute occasional interiors and splash pages throughout the series. It concerns the death of Daredevil not unlike previous Marvel: The End miniseries which told the final stories of other Marvel Comics characters.
 Voices of war: Australians tell their stories from World War I to the present (2006) is a telling of the oral history of the Australian experience of war edited by Michael Caulfield. It is made up of 21 firsthand accounts of Australians involvement with war from the First World War through to the Iraq War.The stories are taken from the 2000 histories recorded by the Australians at War Film Archive.
 Strawhead is a play by American writers Norman Mailer and Richard Hannum about Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe. The play is a stage adaptation of Mailer's 1980 book Of Women and Their Elegance an imaginary memoir told in Monroe's voice.Strawhead takes place in New York City during the last few days of Monroe's life in August 1962 a period in which she is alone with her memories most of which revolve around the days when she lived in New York.
 X (Japanese: エックス Hepburn: Ekkusu) also known as X/1999 is a Japanese shōjo manga series created by Clamp a creative team made up by Satsuki Igarashi Nanase Ohkawa Tsubaki Nekoi and Mokona. It premiered in Monthly Asuka's May 1992 issue and ran there until the magazine's editors showed concern with the increasingly violent stories and the series went on long-term hiatus in March 2003. The story takes place at the end of days in the year 1999.
 The German Economic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published quarterly by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Verein für Socialpolitik of which it is an official journal. It was established in 2000. The current editors-in-chief are Helmuth Cremer Joseph F. Francois Ben J. Heijdra Walter Krämer Wolfgang Leininger and Christoph M. Schmidt.
 Post Mortem is a two-act play written by late–20th–century/early–21st–century playwright A. R. Gurney. It was first produced on stage in New York City in November 2006.
 Jamanak (Armenian: Ժամանակ meaning time) is the longest continuously running Armenian language daily newspaper in the world. It is published in Istanbul Turkey.The first issue appeared on October 28 1908 with Misak Koçunyan as the editor and has been somewhat a family establishment for it has been owned by the Koçunyan family since its inception.
 Ultimate Daredevil and Elektra is a four-issue comic book mini-series published by Marvel Comics written by Greg Rucka with art by Salvador Larroca. Marvel characters Daredevil and Elektra are introduced to the Ultimate universe in the series in October 2001. A sequel to the series Ultimate Elektra was released in August 2004.
 Wanted for Murder is the title of a collection of six mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris which was first published in the United States in August 1931.This book was part of an ongoing series of novels and novellas by Charteris featuring the adventures of his Robin Hood-inspired crimefighter Simon Templar alias The Saint.Wanted for Murder holds an unusual place in the Charteris canon as this book featured the first American publication of the stories contained within the books Featuring the Saint and Alias the Saint which were published in the United Kingdom earlier in 1931 by Hodder and Stoughton. 
 Cecily Parsley’s Nursery Rhymes is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and published by Frederick Warne & Co. in December 1922. The book is a compilation of traditional nursery rhymes such as Goosey Goosey Gander This Little Piggy and Three Blind Mice. It was Potter's second book of rhymes published by Warne. Merchandise generated from the tale includes Beswick Pottery porcelain figurines and Schmid music boxes.
 Eon Magazine is a full-color print magazine devoted to CCP hf's massively-multiplayer online sci-fi game Eve Online. The magazine is produced by MMM Publishing under license from CCP hf and sold via the Eve Online website. The magazine is currently distributed to more than 80 countries worldwide. Eon is the first magazine worldwide that can only be bought on the internet.
 Courier-Express redirects here. There is also a newspaper in DuBois Pennsylvania that goes by this name.The Buffalo Courier-Express was a morning newspaper in Buffalo New York. It ceased publication in September 1982.The Courier-Express was created in 1926 by a merger of the Buffalo Daily Courier and the Buffalo Morning Express. William James Conners owner of the Buffalo Courier brought the two papers together. The combined newspapers claimed a heritage dating to 1828.
 Zero Degree is a postmodern lipogrammatic novel written in 1998 by Tamil author Charu Nivedita later translated into Malayalam and English.The novel uses a non-linear narrative structure and often sexual and/or violent content jumping between phone sex conversations torture scenes (which seem to allude to the custodial treatment of Sri Lankan refugees) love poems chapters set in Rwanda during the civil war and accounts of an immortal with a penis several meters long who performs complex rites of black magic in order to find an Aryan yoni.Keeping with the numerological theme of Zero Degree the only numbers expressed in either words or symbols are numerologically equivalent to nine (with the exception of two chapters). 
 The International Journal of Number Theory was established in 2005 and is published by World Scientific. It covers number theory encompassing areas such as analytic number theory diophantine equations and modular forms.
 Blue Moon is the second book in The Immortals series by author Alyson Noël released in July 2009. Blue Moon had spent 12 weeks on the New York Times Bestsellers list for children's books as of October 11 2009.
 In Island of Exiles is a 2007 detective novel by I. J. Parker. The story follows Sugawara Akitada who is assigned by two shadowy officials to investigate the fatal poisoning on penal colony on Sado Island of the exiled and disgraced Prince Okisada. The suspect is the son of the local governor the officials thought he might have been framed as part of a treasonous plot.
 The Black Corridor is a science fiction novel by Michael Moorcock published in 1969 first by Ace Books in the USA as part of their Ace Science Fiction Specials series and later by Mayflower Books in the UK.It is essentially a novel about the decay of society and the deep personal and social isolation this has caused and tells of a man fleeing through interstellar space from Earth where civilisation is collapsing into anarchy and wars.
 Maztica Campaign Set is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1991.
 The Walrus is a Canadian general interest magazine which publishes long form journalism on Canadian and international affairs along with fiction and poetry by Canadian writers. It launched in September 2003 as an attempt to create a Canadian equivalent to American magazines such as Harper's The Atlantic Monthly or The New Yorker. The magazine's mandate is to be a national general interest magazine about Canada and its place in the world.
 Necroscope is the seventh book in the Necroscope series by British writer Brian Lumley and the second in the Vampire World Trilogy. It was released in 1993.
 Frenchman's Creek is a 1941 historical novel by Daphne du Maurier. Set in Cornwall during the reign of Charles II it tells the story of a love affair between an impulsive English lady and a French pirate.
 Gracie: A Love Story is a 1988 biography of comedian Gracie Allen (1902–1964) by George Burns. The tribute to Burns' wife and professional partner reviews their life together and contrasts Allen's scatterbrained public persona with the intelligent actress and devoted wife she actually was.It was offered as a Book of the Month Club selection. For the audiobook version Burns received the 1991 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album.
 VikalpaHin Nahin Hai Duniya (Hindi: विकल्पहीन नहीं है दुनिया) is a 2000 book by Kishen Pattanayak that deals with the alternatives to capitalistic developments. It is a collection of 44 articles on crises of society politics Gandhism nuke issues journalism intellectual education system modern science starvation death of Kalahandi and politics. The articles are arranged in 5 segments in the book.
 The Al Ra'i also spelled Alrai (Arabic: الرأي‎ meaning The Opinion) is an Arabic daily newspaper in Jordan. The newspaper is owned and published by Jordan Press Foundation and was first published in 1971. The Jordan Press Foundation owner of the Al Rai is government-owned.
 The Holder's Dominion is a 2013 novel written by American writer Genese Davis. The book was published worldwide on March 1 2013. It was Davis' debut novel and one of the pioneer novels in the new-adult fiction genre.The novel is set in near-future Austin Texas and begins with the discovery of a young man dealing with trauma inside a grocery store aisle.
 Parallel Worlds; A Journey Through Creation Higher Dimensions and the Future of the Cosmos is a popular science book by Michio Kaku first published in 2005.
 When All You've Ever Wanted Isn't Enough: The Search for a Life That Matters (ISBN 0-7432-3473-1) is a 1986 book by Harold Kushner a Conservative rabbi. Kushner addresses in the book matters of existentialism particularly the Meaning of life and the individual pursuit of happiness. Kushner makes several references to the book of Ecclesiastes as a point of reassurance also Goethe's Faust and works by Carl Jung.
 An Eye for an Eye: The Untold Story of Jewish Revenge Against Germans in 1945 (ISBN 978-0465042142) is a book by John Sack which states that some Jews in Eastern Europe took revenge on their former captors while overseeing over 1000 concentration camps in Poland for German civilians.
 Heroes Die by Matthew Stover is the first of a series of novels blending science fiction and fantasy and featuring the protagonist Caine.
 The Steerswoman is a 1989 fantasy/science fiction novel by Rosemary Kirstein. It follows the journey of Rowan who is a Steerswoman in an age that is just beginning to gain technology and advancement though most don’t understand it and those who do hoard the knowledge amongst themselves. A Steerswoman (or Steersman though far less frequently) is a traveling scholar looking to supplement as well as share their knowledge.
 Bulletin de la Société Mathématique de France is a mathematics journal published quarterly by Société Mathématique de France.Founded in 1873 the journal publishes articles on mathematics.It publishes articles in French and English. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.58 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.400.
 Top-Notch Comics was the name of an American comic book anthology series published by MLJ Magazines Inc. more commonly known as MLJ Comics during the 1930s and 1940s period known as the Golden Age of Comic Books. From issue #28 it was re-titled Top-Notch Laugh Comics.
 Rivira is a weekly Sinhala newspaper in Sri Lanka. It is published on every Sunday by Rivira Media Corporation (Pvt) Ltd. It is a sister newspaper of The Nation which entered into the business in 2006. It has a circulation of 265000 per issue and an estimated readership of 1600000 by 2012. The newspaper comes with 5 supplements.
 Nava Bharat (in Hindi नवभारत)(Translation: New India) is a Hindi-language daily newspaper published from Bhopal IndoreJabalpurGwaliorSatnaChhindwada NagpurMumbaiRaipurBilaspur Pune and Nasik. This Nava Bharat (Madhya Pradesh/Chhattisgarh/Maharashtra) has the sixth highest readership according to IRS 2009 R1 in India in Hindi newspapers.
 Code: Version 2.0 is a 2006 book by Stanford law professor Lawrence Lessig which proposes that governments have broad regulatory powers over the Internet. The book is released under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 License.
 Pointe (magazine) is an international magazine aimed toward ballet dancers and students. It is published by Macfadden Performing Arts Media acquired with the purchase of Lifestyle Media Inc. in 2006.) Pointe covers international news on company debuts competition results and rising stars. Pointe also offers reviews company profiles a calendar of events ballet oriented shopping guides as well as guides for ballet programs auditions and higher education.
 Tuva or Bust! (1991) is a book by Ralph Leighton about the author and his friend Richard Feynman's attempt to travel to Tuva.The introduction explains how Feynman challenged Leighton at the time a high school math teacher Whatever happened to Tannu Tuva (the Tuvan People's Republic)? Since Feynman had a reputation as a prankster and had proven himself entirely capable of inventing a fictional country name to confound friends Leighton assumed it was made up.
 This article refers to the academic journal. For the discipline itself see International Political Sociology (security studies)International Political Sociology is a peer-reviewed academic journal. It attempts to promote interaction between international relations scholars and disciplines such as sociology. The editors-in-chief used to be Didier Bigo and R.B.J. Walker. Since 2012 the new editors in chief are Jef Huysmans and João Pontes Nogueira.
 Assemblers of Infinity is a science-fiction novel by Kevin J. Anderson and Doug Beason. It first appeared in print in serialized form in the American magazine Analog Science Fiction and Fact from September to December 1992 and was published in 1993 by Bantam Spectra. In 1994 it was nominated for the Nebula Award for best science fiction novel: this was the only Nebula nomination that both Anderson and Beason ever had. It was also placed 25th SF Novel in the 1994 Locus Award.
 The Beggar Queen (1984) is a fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander the concluding book of a series often called the Westmark trilogy.The series has been called historical fantasy set in a time much like our 18th century. Another review has called Westmark of the second volume an imaginary kingdom with a post-Napoleonic cast.
 The Diamond Hunters is a novel by Wilbur Smith.It was adapted into a film The Kingfisher Caper in 1975 and a mini series in 2001.
 The Black Path (Swedish: Svart stig 2006) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson third in the Rebecka Martinsson series. It was published in the USA in 2008 in paperback by Bantam Dell and in the UK in 2012 in hardcover by MacLehose Press.
 The Journal of Sensory Studies is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research on human reactions to basic tastes on foods beverages wine liquor/beer the environment medications and other human exposures in every day life. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell in collaboration with the Society of Sensory Professionals.
 How to Stop Worrying and Start Living is a self-help book by Dale Carnegie. It was first printed in Great Britain in 1948 by Richard Clay (The Chaucer Press) Ltd. Bungay Suffolk (S.B.N. 437 95083 2). It is currently published as a Mass Market Paperback of 352 pages by Pocket (Revised edition: September 15 1990) ISBN 0-671-73335-4.Carnegie says in the preface to How to Stop Worrying and Start Living that he wrote it because he was one of the unhappiest lads in New York.
 The Independent Record (often abbreviated to IR) is a daily newspaper printed and distributed in Helena Montana. It has a daily and Sunday circulation of approximately 14000 according to the September 30 2005 Audit Bureau of Circulations Publisher Statement. The newspaper is part of the Lee Enterprises group which owns 48 newspapers in 23 states.
 'Tis Pity She's a Whore is a tragedy written by John Ford. It was likely first performed between 1629 and 1633 by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre. The play was first published in 1633 in a quarto printed by Nicholas Okes for the bookseller Richard Collins. Ford dedicated the play to John Mordaunt 1st Earl of Peterborough and Baron of Turvey.
 Clinical and Experimental Gastroenterology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in gastroenterology. The journal was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 The Man-Eater of Malgudi is a 1961 Indian novel written by R. K. Narayan.
 Firestar's Quest follows Firestar the leader of ThunderClan one of the four Clans of cats living in a forest on a journey to find the lost fifth Clan: SkyClan. After receiving dreams from the previous leader of SkyClan Firestar and his mate Sandstorm leave ThunderClan to find and rebuild the lost Clan. At the end of the book the Clan is rebuilt with a leader medicine cat and territory.
 Fragments (Russian: Осколки) was a Russian humorous literary and artistic weekly magazine published in St Petersburg from 1881 to 1916.
 The Black Echo is the 1992 début novel by American crime author Michael Connelly. This is the first of Connelly's Bosch series. The book won the Mystery Writer's of America Edgar Award in 1992.
 Forbidden Tales of Dark Mansion was a horror-suspense-romance anthology comic book series published by DC Comics from 1971–1974 a companion to Secrets of Sinister House.
 2312 is a 2012 science fiction novel written by Kim Stanley Robinson. It is set in the year 2312 when society has spread out across the solar system. Much of the action takes place on Mercury. The novel won the 2012 Nebula Award for Best Novel.
 Chinese Handcuffs is a 1989 a young adult novel by young adult writer Chris Crutcher. The story alternates between the two main characters Dillon and Jennifer both high school athletes dealing with personal issues. The majority of Dillon’s story is told via a journal he keeps writing about the death of his older brother.
 Bullet Points is a Marvel comic limited series that was published in 2006 and 2007 written by J. Michael Straczynski illustrated by Tommy Lee Edwards and lettered by John Workman.The series was released under the Marvel Knights imprint and examines the consequences to the Marvel Universe when Dr. Erskine is killed before Steve Rogers is injected with the Super-Soldier Serum and becomes Captain America.
 The World is a daily newspaper in Coos Bay Oregon United States. From its office on Commercial Avenue in downtown Coos Bay The World serves Oregon's South Coast including the cities of Coos Bay North Bend Reedsport Bandon Lakeside Coquille and Myrtle Point. The newspaper's circulation is 9272 Monday–Thursday and 10393 on Saturdays. It is the largest newspaper on the Oregon coast by circulation.
 Necklace and Calabash is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book features eight illustrations by the author.Necklace and Calabash was the last Judge Dee novel published during van Gulik's lifetime.
 A Book of Memories (Hungarian: Emlékiratok könyve) is a 1986 novel by the Hungarian writer Péter Nádas. The narrative follows a Hungarian novelist involved in a romantic triangle in East Berlin; interwoven with the main story are sections of a novel the main character is writing about a German novelist at the turn of the century.An English translation by Ivan Sanders and Imre Goldstein was published in 1997 through Farrar Straus and Giroux.
 Larson's Book of World Religions and Alternative Spirituality is a non-fiction book by Bob Larson American author and television evangelist. It discusses cults New Age movements and alternative religions from a biblical and Christian perspective.
 Tales From Planet Earth is a collection of science fiction short stories by Arthur C. Clarke originally published in 1990.
 Checkers is a young adult novel by Australian author John Marsden. It was published in 1996 and 1998 by Houghton Mifflin and in 2000 by Laurel Leaf. It is Marsden's twelfth book.
 The MetroWest Daily News is an American daily newspaper published in Framingham Massachusetts serving the MetroWest region of suburban Boston. It is the flagship newspaper of Community Newspaper Company a division of GateHouse Media.The newspaper covers several cities and towns in Norfolk and Worcester counties but until 1998 it was named for Middlesex County (most recently as the Middlesex News) or for the town of Framingham (through most of the mid-20th century as the Framingham News).
 The Killer (published in the USA as Lingard) is a 1970 novel by Colin Wilson about Arthur Lingard a mentally unstable man with a troubled history of crime incest and extremely violent behavior. He is an inmate at the Rose Hill experimental prison near Sedgefield serving the last years of an eight-year sentence for a second-degree murder. The minimum security is due to the inference of the state authorities that Lingard is a harmless vegetable.
 Love Celeb (Japanese: ラブセレブ Hepburn: Rabu Serebu) is a shōjo manga series created by Mayu Shinjo. Sakuya Ookochi the main character from Sensual Phrase also makes an appearance in this manga as does Hakuron from the later spin-off Haou Airen.
 In Too Deep is the sixth book in The 39 Clues series. It was written by Jude Watson and released on November 3 2009. The story is set in Australia and Indonesia.
 Phire Esho Chaka (Come back wheel) is a Bengali poetry book written by Binoy Majumdar. The book was published in 1961 and then republished in 1962 under the title Phire Esho chaka. This book was a collection of romantic poems written for Majumdar's contemporary Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak. The book was also dedicated to Gayatri Chakravorty.
 Business Matters is a British monthly magazine specializing in business news for the small and medium enterprises business owner. The magazine was originally founded in London by EMAP with its first issue appeared in February 1987. Following the purchase of the established title by Clearsight Publishing in 2007 (now known as Capital Business Media) the size and the distribution of the title increased and an online version and accompanying website was launched.
 The Heretic is a British black comedy play by Richard Bean about climate change and its sceptics. In 2011 it premiered at the Royal Court Theatre receiving positive reviews directed by Jeremy Herrin starring Juliet Stevenson James Fleet Lydia Wilson and Johnny Flynn. It made its Australian debut in 2012 at the Melbourne Theatre Company in a production directed by Matt Scholten and starring Noni Hazlehurst Andrew McFarlane Anna Samson Shaun Goss Lyall Brooks and Katy Warner.
 End of the Rainbow is a musical drama by Peter Quilter which focuses on Judy Garland in the months leading up to her death in 1969. After a Sydney premiere in 2005 the show has played on the West End in London and a Broadway production opened in 2012.
 Apollo is a widely respected English-language monthly magazine covering visual arts of all periods from antiquity to the present day. Founded in 1925 and based in London Apollo features a mixture of reviews art-world news and scholarly articles. Described as 'The International Magazine for Collectors' Apollo is owned by the Barclay brothers through the Press Holdings Media Group company.
 The World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates (WASDE) is a monthly report published by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) providing comprehensive forecast of supply and demand for major crops (global and United States) and livestock (U.S. only). The report provides an analysis of the fundamental condition of the agricultural commodity markets for the use of farmers governments and other market participants.
 Alabama Song (2007) is a French-language novel by French novelist Gilles Leroy. It is a fictional autobiography of Zelda Fitzgerald wife of F. Scott Fitzgerald. Although Gilles Leroy always insisted the book was not a biography but a novel it relied on a large body of factual research. It won the Prix Goncourt in 2007 one of the most important French literary awards.
 Innocent: Her Fancy and His Fact is a 1914 English novel by Marie Corelli. Its theme is the mistreatment of illegitimate children. It also contains several proto-feminist polemics against marriage.
 Elizabeth the Queen was a 1930 Broadway three act play written in Blank verse by Maxwell Anderson produced by the Theatre Guild directed by Philip Moeller and with scenic and costume design by Lee Simonson. It ran for 147 performances from November 3 1930 to March 1931 at the Guild Theatre.
 The Oakdale Affair and The Rider is a collection of two short novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The Oakdale Affair a contemporary tale was written in 1917 under the working title of Bridge and the Oskaloosa Kid and is a partial sequel to The Mucker (1914/1916) as Bridge the protagonist had been a secondary character in the earlier work. It was first published in Blue Book Magazine in March 1918. The Rider a Ruritanian romance was written in 1915 and first published as H.R.H.
 The Mimic Men is a novel by V. S. Naipaul first published by Andre Deutsch in the UK in 1967.
 Exile of the Eons is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke. It was first published in Super Science Stories (March 1950) and was later collected in Expedition to Earth under the title Nemesis. It is also collected in The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke.
 Villains by Necessity is fantasy novel written by Eve Forward daughter of Robert L. Forward. It is currently out of print and a rare find among booksellers.
 Format is a German weekly finance and business magazine published in Austria and headquartered in Vienna.
 The Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology is a bimonthly academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. Its focus is on treatment and prevention in all areas of clinical and clinical-health psychology and especially on topics that appeal to a broad clinical-scientist and practitioner audience. The editor-in-chief is Arthur M.
 The Protector's War is a 2005 alternate history post-apocalyptic science fiction novel written by S.M. Stirling and is the second novel in the Emberverse series. The Protector's War describes the events of roughly a year some eight years after the Change which altered the laws of physics in Dies the Fire.
 Death's Domain is a book by Terry Pratchett and Stephen Briggs illustrated by Paul Kidby fourth in the Discworld Mapp series. It was first published in paperback by Corgi in 1999. It was the second in the series to be illustrated by Kidby. As with the other mapps the basic design and booklet were compiled by Pratchett and Briggs.The Mapp shows the parasite universe of Death's Domain.
 My Dear Marie (ぼくのマリー Boku no Marī) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sakura Takeuchi. It was serialized in the Shueisha magazine Weekly Young Jump from 1994 to 1997. In 1996 Studio Pierrot adapted the manga into a three-episode original video animation (OVA) anime series. When the anime was originally released in English language the English dubbed version was titled separately as Metal Angel Marie but this name was discontinued for later releases.
 I Want to Go Home is a children's novel by Gordon Korman first published in 1981. It was republished as with most of Korman's older books in 2004 with a new cover and updated text.
 The Other Side of Truth is a children's novel about Nigerian political refugees written by Beverley Naidoo and published by Puffin in 2000. It is set in the autumn of 1995 during the reign in Nigeria of the despot General Abacha who is waging a campaign of suppression against journalists. A Nigerian girl and her younger brother must leave suddenly after their mother is killed in a failed assassination of their outspoken father.
 Carbon Shift: How Peak Oil and the Climate Crisis Will Change Canada (and Our Lives) is a 2009 non-fiction book edited by Thomas Homer-Dixon and Nick Garrison that collects six essays that discusses the issues of peak oil and climate change. The book was first published in hardcover by Random House of Canada in 2009 under the title Carbon Shift: How the Twin Crises of Oil Depletion and Climate Change Will Define the Future and became a national bestseller.
 Sparkling Cyanide is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in February 1945 under the title of Remembered Death and in UK by the Collins Crime Club in the December of the same year under Christie's original title.
 Three Lives (1909) was American writer Gertrude Stein's first published book. The book is separated into three stories The Good Anna Melanctha and The Gentle Lena.The three stories are independent of each other but all are set in Bridgepoint a fictional town based on Baltimore MD.
 Jack Maggs (1997) is a novel by Peter Carey.
 El Sur is a Chilean newspaper published in Concepción and it circulates in almost all the Biobío Region. El Sur is owned by El Sur S.A. which manages two dailies in Concepción: El Sur and Crónica.
 Not Since Carrie: 40 Years of Broadway Musical Flops is a book by Ken Mandelbaum that describes and analyzes various flops throughout Broadway history including the infamous Carrie: The Musical.Jesuit High School created FLOPS: The Musical a musical revue based on the book.
 Neuropharmacology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of neuroscience. It was established in 1962 as the International Journal of Neuropharmacology and obtained its current name in 1970.
 The Sons of Heaven is a science fiction novel written by Kage Baker. It is the last in her series of novels about The Company.The Company formally known as Dr. Zeus Inc. exists in the 24th century but employs immortal cyborgs to recover and save valuable artifacts in the past.
 Sociological Inquiry is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Alpha Kappa Delta. The journal explores the human condition through a sociological lens. It was established in 1928 as The Quarterly and obtained its current title in 1961. The editor-in-chief is Peter B.
 Guy Mannering or The Astrologer is a novel by Sir Walter Scott published anonymously in 1815. According to an introduction that Scott wrote in 1829 he had originally intended to write a story of the supernatural but changed his mind soon after starting. The book was a huge success the first edition selling out on the first day of publication.
 Donegal on Sunday was a local tabloid newspaper published in County Donegal Ireland. It launched in March 2004 as an edition of the Sunday Journal published by the Derry Journal. Originally called the Sunday Democrat it was based in Letterkenny. It was part of the only local paper in Ireland to be published on a Sunday with a circulation of 6691 in 2007.
 Valentines is an award-winning collection of short stories by Olaf Olafsson.
 The Grouchy Ladybug also known as The Bad-Tempered Ladybird is a 1977 children's book written by Eric Carle best known as the author of The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 Guide to Hell is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1999.
 Lulu Atlantis and the Quest for True Blue Love is a 2008 novel by Patricia Martin.
 Moments of Reprieve is a book of autobiographical character studies/vignettes by Primo Levi.The book features fifteen character studies of people the author met during his time in the Auschwitz concentration camp. Some of the vignettes feature characters who have already appeared in If This is a Man and The Truce Levi's initial two Holocaust memoirs.
 Le Travailleur du Centre Ouest ('The Mid-West Worker') was a communist weekly newspaper published from Limoges France. Le Travailleur du Centre Ouest was the regional organ of the French Communist Party in Limousin. It was founded as a continuation of the Communist Party newspaper in Corrèze Le Travailleur de Corrèze and the communist organs in Creuse and the Haute-Vienne.Le Travailleur du Centre Ouest was printed in 5000 copies. As of 1929 62% of its subscribers lived in the country-side.
 Any Number Can Die premiered at the Dorset Playhouse Dorset Vermont by the Caravan Theatre Summer Stock Company. The Dorset Playhouse was owned by Fred and his wife Patricia from 1949-1975.
 The Gorgon Slayer is the seventh novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on September 1 1995 by Random House.
 The Russian Debutante's Handbook was the debut novel by author Gary Shteyngart published in 2002. It follows the exploits of young Russians both in the Alphabet City neighborhood of Manhattan and the European city of Prava (a pseudonym for Prague).
 The Africana Libraries Newsletter is published in October and March of each year. The newsletter is produced to support the work of the Africana Librarians Council (ALC) of the African Studies Association. Contents include abbreviated reports on meetings of ALC and the Cooperative Africana Microform Project (CAMP) and other relevant groups. It also reports other items of interest to Africana librarians and those concerned about information resources about or in Africa.
 Acta Zoologica Bulgarica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research studies in the fields of animal taxonomy biogeography and ecology. The journal provides online access to the abstracts since 2005. Most articles focus on the Bulgarian fauna. The journal is indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded Journal Citation Reports (the impact factor for 2011 is 0.247) Biological Abstracts BIOSIS Previews and the Zoological Record.
 David and the Phoenix is a 1957 children's novel about a young boy's adventures with a Phoenix. The first book written by American author Edward Ormondroyd it is a tale of friendship between two different species -- a young boy and a mythical bird -- and focuses on David's education in the ways of the mythical world. The book ends with the Phoenix's rebirth.
 Ramayan 3392 A.D. (formerly called Ramayan Reborn) is a comic book series published by Virgin Comics based upon the Ramayana. It is written by Shamik Dasgupta the art is by Abhishek Singh and it is a brainchild of Deepak Chopra and Shekhar Kapur. It features a re-imagining of the historical classic in a post-apocalyptic future.The story primarily deals with the last kingdom of humans who are fighting demons (Asuras) to survive.
 Saturday Review previously The Saturday Review of Literature was an American weekly magazine established in 1924. Norman Cousins was the editor from 1940 to 1971.At its peak Saturday Review was influential as the base of several widely read critics (e.g. Wilder Hobson and theater critics John Mason Brown and Henry Hewes) and was often known by its initials as SR.
 Kaze no Hana is a Japanese manga series that was written by Akiyoshi Ohta and was illustrated by Ushio mizta. It consists of three volumes released in Japan by MediaWorks and was licensed and released in English by Yen Press.
 The Scarlet Letters is an English language novel published in 1953 by American author Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel set primarily in New York City USA.
 A Son Called Gabriel is a 2004 novel by author Damian McNichollSet in Northern Ireland in the sixties and seventies this novel describes the coming-of-age and sexual awakening of Gabriel Harkin.
 Abbottabad is a poem by Major James Abbott who wrote the work about his experience of living in the area before leaving it. He was impressed by beauty of the area. The Pakistani city Abbottabad which he founded (then capital of the Hazara District of British India) is named after him. A plaque commemorating his poem is displayed at Lady Garden Park within the city.Etymology: The name of the city Abbottabad is a compound contain two words Abbott and Abad.
 All Summer in a Day is a short story by the author Ray Bradbury. This science fiction story was originally published in the March 1954 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 The Lombok Times is an English language newspaper which was founded in 2003 as an information medium for the growing English language speaking community which consists of both visiting tourists and foreign expatriates in the Indonesian provinces of West Nusa Tenggara and Bali.
 Sasquatch is a novel written by Roland Smith.
 Night on the Galactic Railroad (銀河鉄道の夜 Ginga Tetsudō no Yoru) sometimes translated as Milky Way Railroad Night Train to the Stars or Fantasy Railroad In The Stars is a classic Japanese novel by Kenji Miyazawa written around 1927. The nine-chapter novel was posthumously published in 1934 as part of Complete Works of Kenji Miyazawa Vol. 3 (『宮沢賢治全集』第三巻) published by Bunpodō (文圃堂).
 The Journal of Internal Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of internal medicine. It was established in 1863 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association for the Publication of the Journal of Internal Medicine. The editor-in-chief is Ulf de Faire (Karolinska Institutet).
 The Journal of Business Cycle Measurement and Analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of economics with a focus on the measurement of business cycles. It is currently published jointly by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and the Centre for International Research on Economic Tendency Surveys. It was established in 2004 and the current editor-in-chief is Michael Graff.
 A Worn Path by Eudora Welty is a short story about an elderly African-American woman named Phoenix Jackson who is walking through the woods into town. On her way she encounters many deterrents like a large dog barbed wire and a hunter from whom she pockets a nickel that he drops and a lady who ties her shoes along with many other obstacles. Her reason for going to Natchez is to pick up a supply of medicine for her grandson who accidentally swallowed lye a few years before.
 The Vacillations of Poppy Carew (1986) is a novel by Mary Wesley. The title refers to the protagonist's inability to choose in life. However when Poppy Carew's boyfriend leaves her and her father dies she is forced to make a decision and to learn how to deal with life on her own.
 The Cageworld series is a science fiction series by Colin Kapp which takes place in a distant future where humanity lives on nested Dyson spheres. The four books are Search for the Sun (1982) (also published as Cageworld); The Lost Worlds of Cronus (1982); The Tyrant of Hades (1984) and Star Search (1984).
 The Far Side Gallery 3 is the third anthology of Gary Larson's The Far Side comic strips. Cartoons from previous collections The Far Side Observer Night of the Crash-Test Dummies and Wildlife Preserves are featured all of which were printed from 1987-1989. The volume is dedicated to guitar maker Jimmy D'Aquisto and the foreword was written by Stephen Jay Gould. The cover depicts a parody of Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa substituting a cow for the female subject.
 The Emory Wheel is the student-run newspaper of Emory University in Atlanta Georgia. The Wheel is published twice a week on Tuesday and Friday during the regular school year and is updated regularly at its website. The sections of the Wheel include News Editorials Sports Student Life Arts & Entertainment and formerly The Hub an award-winning quarterly magazine founded in 2005.
 The Watsons Go to Birmingham – 1963 is a historical-fiction novel by Christopher Paul Curtis. It was written in 1995 and republished in 1997. It tells the story of a loving African-American family living in the town of Flint Michigan in 1963. When the oldest son begins to get into a bit of trouble the parents decide he should spend some time with his strict grandmother Grandma Sands (Mrs. Watson's mother) in Birmingham Alabama.
 Castes and Tribes of Southern India is a seven-volume encyclopedia of social groups of Madras Presidency and the princely states of Travancore Mysore Coorg and Pudukkottai published by British museologist Edgar Thurston and K. Rangachari in 1909.
 The Best of Arthur C. Clarke: 1937-1971 is a collection of science fiction short stories by Arthur C.
 Follow the Saint is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris featuring the criminal and crimefighter Simon Templar alias The Saint. The collection was first published in 1938.Follow the Saint marked a change in the publication order for the Saint books. Up to this point the books were always published first in the United Kingdom followed by an American publication later in the year or sometimes a year later.
 Z213: Exit is a book by the Greek writer Dimitris Lyacos. The book is the first installment of the Poena Damni trilogy.
 Ken: The Ups and Downs of Ken Livingstone is a 2008 biography of Ken Livingstone by British journalist and author Andrew Hosken. First published on 8 April 2008 the book's provisional title had been Ken: The Fall and Rise of Ken Livingstone.The unauthorised biography based on 30 hours of interviews with Livingstone revealed that he had five children by three different women previously unknown by the general public. The story was broken by the BBC just prior to publication of the book.
 The Mad Man is a sexually drenched literary novel by Samuel R. Delany first published in 1994 by Richard Kasak. In a disclaimer that appears at the beginning of the book Delany describes it as a pornotopic fantasy. It was originally published in 1994 republished and slightly revised in 1996 and republished again with significant changes in 2002. Delany considers the 2002 version the definitive edition.
 Eye was the name of two different unrelated periodicals.
 Eight Clouds Rising (八雲立つ Yakumo Tatsu) is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Natsumi Itsuki. It won the 21st Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo. It was adapted in 1997 into an OVA series.
 RSC Advances is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on all aspects of the chemical sciences. It was established in 2011 and is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. Currently the editor-in-chief is Mike D. Ward (University of Sheffield).
 PC Games is a monthly released PC computer game magazine published by the Computec Media AG GmbH in Germany. The magazine is one of the best sold PC gaming magazines in Germany after Computerbild Spiele and Gamestar. In the fourth quarter of 1999 PC Games sold 363608 issues per month making it the best sold PC gaming magazin in Germany at this time.
 Blazing Combat was an American war-comics magazine published by Warren Publishing from 1965 to 1966. Written and edited by Archie Goodwin with artwork by such industry notables as Gene Colan Frank Frazetta John Severin Alex Toth and Wally Wood it featured war stories in both contemporary and period settings unified by a humanistic theme of the personal costs of war rather than by traditional men's adventure motifs.
 The Abbeville Scimitar was a short-lived newspaper of Abbeville South Carolina in the early 20th century notable chiefly for its iconoclastic and outspokenly racist publisher William P. Bull Moose Beard an ally of Coleman Livingston Blease a South Carolina politician known for his racist rhetoric.
 The Gettysburg Review is a quarterly literary magazine featuring short stories poetry essays and reviews. Work appearing in the magazine often is reprinted in best-of anthologies and receives awards. The little magazine is recognized as one of the country’s premier journals according to a description at the Web site of the New York Public Library. The 2007 U.S.
 The novel Les Mystères de Marseille by Émile Zola appeared as a serialized story in Le Messager de Provence in 1867 while Zola was writing Thérèse Raquin. As a work of his youth it was thus also a commissioned work on which Zola cut his teeth.
 Cabinet is a quarterly Brooklyn NY-based non-profit art & culture magazine established in 2000. Cabinet also operates an event and exhibition space in Brooklyn.
 A collection of stories published in 1956 by the Estate of Willa Cather after the author's death. Several of these stories had been previously published in other collections.
 El Cronista (Spanish: The Reporter) is a daily business newspaper published in Buenos Aires Argentina.It was founded by Martin Giménez Antonio and first published as El Cronista Comercial on November 1 1908. In 1989 the name was changed to El Cronista.It was the first business daily newspaper in Argentina. In 1994 it was the first newspaper in Argentina to publish online.It is published by Unidad Editorial.
 The Changing of the Guard is the eighth book in the Star Wars Jedi Quest series by Jude Watson. It serves to chronicle the adventures of Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi between the events of The Phantom Menace and Attack of the Clones.
 The Man Who Walked Between the Towers is a children's picture book written and illustrated by American Mordicai Gerstein. Published in 2003 the book recounts the heart-stopping achievement of Philippe Petit a French man who on an August morning in 1974 walked lay knelt and danced on a tightrope wire between the roofs of the twin towers of the World Trade Center a quarter mile above the ground.
 The Company of Women is a novel by Irish-American author Mary Gordon. First published in 1981 it is a coming-of-age story which details the sheltered upbringing of a well-educated Catholic girl named Felicitas and how her values are challenged and altered by the turbulence of the 1960s protest movement. The book earned Gordon a second Janet Heidinger Kafka Prize.
 Hayat (Persian: حیات‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Mohammad Hosein Shari'at and it was published in Shiraz since 1910.
 The Stranger is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Tor Books in 1987. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Satellite Imagination Astounding Saturn Analog Science Fiction and Fact Fantastic Science Fiction Stories Future and If.
 Social Psychological and Personality Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in social and personality psychology. Its editor-in-chief is Allen R. McConnell (Miami University). It was established in 2010 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Three (sometimes stylized Thr3e) is a 2003 suspense novel by Ted Dekker.
 The Giornale del Popolo is a regional daily newspaper published in Lugano Switzerland. The Italian-language newspaper had a distribution of 17000 as of 2007.Its editor-in-chief is Claudio Mésoniat.Since 2004 49 percent of the newspaper has been owned by the publisher of Corriere del Ticino with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugano retaining a majority share of 51 percent.
 fRoots (pronounced eff-Roots originally Folk Roots) is a specialist music magazine published monthly in the UK. It specialises in folk and world music and features a compilation cover CD twice every year. In 2006 the circulation of the magazine was 12000 worldwide.The magazine is also involved in live music production as well as the BBC Radio 3 awards for World music and the Europe in Union concert series.
 This article is about the journal. See systematics for the scientific discipline.Systematic Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of systematics. It was established in 1952 as Systematic Zoology and obtained its current title in 1992.
 The Covington News is a newspaper serving Covington Georgia and surrounding Newton County including the towns of Oxford Porterdale and Social Circle. The newspaper publishes three times per week on Wednesday Friday and Sunday.
 Under the Mountain is a 1979 children's book by New Zealand writer Maurice Gee. It has been adapted into a 1981 television miniseries and a 2009 film.
 The Janissary Tree is a historical mystery novel set in Istanbul in 1836 written by Jason Goodwin. It is the first in the Yashim the Detective series followed by The Snake Stone The Bellini Card and An Evil Eye. The series features Yashim an eunuch detective who is resourceful and learned in both the Ottoman culture and that of the West enjoys the trust of the Sultan and high officials and prefers to live in a rather bohemian lodging outside the palace complex.
 In Her Shoes (2002) is a work of Jewish American literature by Jennifer Weiner. It tells the story of two sisters and their estranged grandmother. The novel was a New York Times bestseller.
 The Body Snatcher (1884) is a short story by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson. First published in the Pall Mall Christmas Extra in December 1884 the story is based on characters in the employ of Robert Knox around the time of the Burke and Hare murders.
 Sky Dragons is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey and her son Todd McCaffrey in the Dragonriders of Pern series that she initiated in 1967. Published by Del Rey Ballantine and released July 2012 Sky Dragons is the sequel to Dragon's Time.This was the last collaboration between mother and son which Anne described in a foreword to Dragon's Time as helping Todd wrap up this very dramatic part of Pernese history.
 Golden Time (ゴールデンタイム Gōruden Taimu) is a Japanese light novel series written by Yuyuko Takemiya with illustrations by Ēji Komatsu. The series includes 11 novels published by ASCII Media Works between September 2010 and March 2014 and incorporates romantic comedy and supernatural themes. A manga adaptation by Umechazuke began serialization in the October 2011 issue of Dengeki Daioh. A 24-episode anime adaptation by J.C.Staff aired on MBS between October 2013 and March 2014.
 The Journal of the International Association of Providers of AIDS Care is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research on AIDS. The editor-in-chief is Jose M. Zuniga (International Association of Providers of AIDS Care). The journal was established in 2002 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Tortilla Flat (1935) is an early John Steinbeck novel set in Monterey California. The novel was the author's first clear critical and commercial success.The book portrays a group of paisanos - literally countrymen - a small band of errant friends enjoying life and wine in the days after the end of the Great War. Tortilla Flat was made into a film in 1942.
 The Overlook is the 18th novel by American crime writer Michael Connelly and the thirteenth featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus Harry Bosch.The novel first appeared in serialised form in The New York Times Magazine in sixteen installments published from September 17 2006 to January 21 2007. Connelly later rewrote and expanded several of the chapters and The Overlook was published in book form in May 2007.
 Ekattorer Dingulee (Bengali: একাত্তরের দিনগুলি English: Of Blood and Fire (translator Mustafizur Rahman)) is an autobiographical book by Martyr-Mother Jahanara Imam based on her experiences of the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971.'Ekattorer Dingulee means The Days of 71.Jahanara Imam's son Shafi Imam Rumi a student went out to fight against the Pakistani army in the urban regions specially at Dhaka.
 Book of My Mother (French: Le Livre de ma mère) is a 1954 memoir by the Swiss writer Albert Cohen. It focuses on the life of Cohen's mother. It was published in English in 1997.
 Almuric is a science fiction novel by Robert E. Howard. It was originally serialized in three parts in the magazine Weird Tales beginning in May 1939. The novel was first published in book form in 1964 by Ace Books. The novel features a muscular hero known on earth as Esau Cairn. He is transported through space to a world known as Almuric by unspecified scientific methods. While there he battles with frightening monsters and beautiful women.
 The Gloucester Daily Times is an American daily newspaper published Monday through Saturday afternoons in Gloucester Massachusetts by Eagle-Tribune Publishing Company a subsidiary of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.In addition to its home city the paper also covers adjacent towns on Cape Ann in Essex County: Essex Manchester-by-the-Sea and Rockport. Its circulation is approximately 10000 giving it some 22000 readers each day.
 The Last Wolf is a children's book written by Michael Morpurgo and illustrated by Michael Foreman published in 2002. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Bronze Award.
 Earth-Science Reviews is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It covers all aspects of Earth sciences. The editors-in-chief for this journal are A. Chin C. Doglioni J.L. Florsheim M.F.J. Flower G.R. Foulger S. Khan S. Marriott A.D. Miall G.F. Panza J.A. Sanchez-Cabeza M. Strecker E.S. Takle M. Widdowson and P.B. Wignall.
 Enemies A Love Story (Yiddish: Sonim di Geshichte fun a Liebe) is a novel by Isaac Bashevis Singer first published serially in the Jewish Daily Forward in 1966. The English translation was published in 1972.
 The Death of Achilles (Russian: Смерть Ахиллеса) is the fourth novel in the Erast Fandorin historical detective series by Boris Akunin. Its subtitle is детектив о наемном убийце (a detective novel about a murderer-for-hire). It was originally published in Russian in 1998; the English translation was released in 2006.
 Triptih Agate Schwarzkobler is a novel by Slovenian author Rudi Šeligo. It was first published in 1968. Slovene Studies noted the powerlessness of the modern subject saying that the main character Agata is treated as an object.
 The Rozabal Line is a thriller fiction that deals with the subject of Jesus having survived the crucifixion and having settled down in India. The fictional element reads in the same vein as Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code whereas the historical basis is derived from several other books on the subject including Jesus Lived in India by Holger Kersten and The Unknown Life of Jesus by Nicolas Notovich.
 Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry and Neurology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Geriatrics and Psychiatry. The journal's editor is Alan M. Mellow MD PhD (Ann Arbor VA Medical Center). It has been in publication since 1988 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Frankie Doodle originally called The Doodle Family is an American comic strip that ran from 1934-1938. It was created by Ben Batsford.Frankie was the main character even when he lived with his family. However they were all written out by 1935. Frankie is pursued throughout the strips by Mr. Shady a disreputable lawyer who is after the fortune he is heir to and Mrs. Krule who runs an orphanage. He has two Chinese mentors: Ming Low a cook and Captain Ku a secret agent.
 Osteoporosis International is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal was launched in 1990. It is an official journal of the International Osteoporosis Foundation and the National Osteoporosis Foundation. The journal is published monthly and includes original research on all areas of osteoporosis and its related fields alongside reviews educational articles and case reports. The co-editors-in-chief are R. Lindsay and J.A. Kanis.
 Kindaichi Case Files (金田一少年の事件簿 Kindaichi Shōnen no Jikenbo) is a Japanese mystery manga series based on the crime solving adventures of a high school student Hajime Kindaichi the supposed grandson of the famous (fictional) private detective Kosuke Kindaichi. They are written by Yōzaburō Kanari or Seimaru Amagi (depending on series) and illustrated by Fumiya Satō.
 Raven Black is a 2006 novel by Ann Cleeves that won the Duncan Lawrie Dagger Award for the best crime novel of the year. The novel is the first in a series known as the Shetland Island series
 Virtual Reality is a 2000 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is set in a modern world where everyone communicates through electronic gadgetty and is about Alex a man who invents Viewdows a large screen for people to look at pleasant views.Unusually for his later plays Ayckbourn was unhappy with the result and this play was not published and not made available for production. Virtual Reality on official Ayckbourn site
 Sakigake!! Otokojuku (魁!!男塾 lit. Charge! Men's Private School) is a manga series written and illustrated by Akira Miyashita. It was originally serialized at the Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1985 to 1991. It is staged in a private boy's school that teaches ōendan to troubled teenagers. The students are trained to revive the Spirit of Japan and mainly engage in fighting courses.
 The Catholic Register is the oldest English language Catholic weekly newspaper in Canada launched in 1893 (and tracing its roots to The Catholic 1830).Based in Toronto Ontario and circulated nationally it is owned by the Archdiocese of Toronto and published weekly in tabloid format with 47 issues per year. News coverage includes local national and international Church-related news (frequently reprinted from other Catholic news syndication services) plus various columns and editorials.
 In the Hand of the Goddess is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the second in a series of four books The Song of the Lioness. It details the squire- and knighthood of Alanna of Trebond who has hidden her real sex in order to become a knight.
 A Dark Rabbit Has Seven Lives (いつか天魔の黒ウサギ Itsuka Tenma no Kuro Usagi) lit. The Devil's Black Rabbit of an Unknown Time is a Japanese light novel series by Takaya Kagami with illustrations by Brazilian illustrator Yū Kamiya. The series includes 13 novels published by Fujimi Shobo between November 2008 and December 2013. The series also has a spin-off series Kurenai Gekkō no Seitokaishitsu (紅月光の生徒会室 Gekkō Kurenai's Student Council Room) which has five volumes since February 2010.
 Stuck in Fast Forward also known as The Hunger of Time in an expanded edition is a 1999 young-adult science fiction novel by Damien Broderick & Rory Barnes. It follows the story of Donald and his family who decide to travel forward in time in order to wait out the disaster and destruction that the world has become.
 The Big Book of Social Media: Case Studies Stories Perspectives released in November 2010 by Yorkshire Publishing is a compilation of non-fiction articles and chapters written by social media experts in their respective fields and edited by Robert Fine organizer of the Cool Social Conferences World Tour and founder of Cool Blue Press with a foreword by Sam Feist political director for CNN.
 The International Journal of Manpower is an academic journal published by the Emerald Group (formerly MCB University Press) addressing topics in labour economics and human resource planning.
 The Crossing of the Red Land - the saga of Jewish refugees in Brazil (orig. title in Portuguese: A Travessia da Terra Vermelha – uma saga dos refugiados judeus no Brasil) is a 2007 novel by Brazilian author Lucius de Mello.This historical novel details the lives of German Jewish refugees in the 30s and 40s who found themselves living in the wilderness of Paraná in Southern Brazil while escaping Hitler's regime.
 The Dragon Reborn (abbreviated as tDR by fans) is the third book of American author Robert Jordan's fantasy series The Wheel of Time. It was published by Tor Books and released on September 15 1991. The unabridged audio book is read by Michael Kramer and Kate Reading. The Dragon Reborn consists of a prologue and 56 chapters.
 Soren Kierkegaard published Two Upbuilding Discourses three months after the publication of his big book Either/Or which ended without a conclusion to the argument between A the aesthete and B the ethicist as to which is the best way to live one's life. Kierkegaard hoped the book would transform everything for both of them into inwardness. In 1832 Hegel began an argument with Christianity by saying that knowledge is not something hurtful to faith but helpful.
 Helen O’Loy is a science fiction short story by Lester del Rey originally published in 1938 in Astounding Science Fiction.
 The Path is an American comic book series published by CrossGen Entertainment from March 2002 to April 2004. It was cancelled due to the company's bankruptcy. The Path was set on the world Han-Jinn seen in Way of the Rat and Brath in a Japanese-esque world that told the story of Obo-san (Nobuyuki) one of the many Sigil-bearers in CrossGen's Sigilverse. The two main political groups in The Path are of a Japanese and Chinese typology.
 Biomacromolecules is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 2000 by the American Chemical Society. It is abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service Scopus EBSCOhost PubMed and Science Citation Index Expanded. As of 2010 the editor in chief is Ann-Christine Albertsson. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 5.479.
 Cold Heaven is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore. It was published in 1983.
 Talley & Son is a play by Lanford Wilson the third in his trilogy focusing on the Talley family of Lebanon Missouri. It is set on July 4 1944 the same day as Talley's Folly and thirty-three years prior to the events in Fifth of July.The play originally was produced as A Tale Told in 1981. Wilson was unhappy with the work and revised it substantially over the next four years.
 The Annals of Applied Probability is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. The journal was established in 1991 by founding editor J. Michael Steele and is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 1.02 and its 2009 impact factor was 1.130.
 True West Magazine (alternate title: True West) is an American magazine that covers the icons like Wyatt Earp Doc Holliday Billy the Kid and Jesse James and relates American Old West history back to the present day to show the role contemporary Western heritage plays in keeping the spirit of the Old West alive today.Started in 1953 True West is headquartered in Cave Creek Arizona and publishes monthly. It is the world's oldest continuously-published Western American magazine.
 The Deli is an independently owned music magazine and online website/blog started by Paolo De Gregorio in 2004. The project is based out of Brooklyn New York and currently covers multiples cities and multiples musical genres.
 Beyond! was a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. It was written by Dwayne McDuffie and illustrated by Scott Kolins. The first issue of the series was released on July 6 2006 and the final issue on December 6 2006. It was edited by Tom Brevoort and lettered by Dave Lamphear.
 Mad Monster is a U.S.-based horror entertainment company that publishes Mad Monster Magazine and promotes Mad Monster Party an annual horror convention in Charlotte North Carolina.Founded by Eben McGarr the company is run by him and his partner Joe Moe. Mad Monster Magazine is a retro-style throwback to vintage monster magazines but also covers contemporary horror with a classic approach.
 The Fields of Death is the fourth and final book in Simon Scarrow's The Revolution Quartet series which tells the story of the French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars from the point of view of Sir Arthur Wellesley (the future Duke of Wellington) and Napoleon Bonaparte.
 Ombria in Shadow is a fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip first published by Ace Books in 2002. It won the 2003 World Fantasy Award and Mythopoeic Award. The book centres on the activities of several characters who inhabit a shadowy city beset by intrigue and entropy.
 Ghost Blows Out the Light (Chinese: 鬼吹灯; Pinyin: Guǐ Chuī Dēng) also referred to as Candle in the Tomb is a fantasy novel written by Zhang Muye (天下霸唱) about two grave robbers seeking hidden treasure and first published online in March 2006.
 Udaiyaar (உடையார்) is a Tamil novel written by Balakumaran. The story is written in six volumes and is a sequel to Ponniyin Selvan depicting Rajaraja Chola's rule and the construction of the big temple at Tanjore c. 1000 CE. The story's first part was published in a weekly Tamil magazine and then published in monthly novels (Palsuvai novel Ladies novel). Subsequently 5 volumes were published as books by Thirumagal Nilayam. Recently sixth volume has been released.
 Eleven on Top is the eleventh novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum. It was published in June 2005 and quickly became a #1 best-seller remaining on the USA Today list of 150 best-selling novels for 19 weeks.
 The Impossible Man and other Stories is a collection of short stories by J. G. Ballard.
 The Stranger is the seventh book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Rachel.
 A Clockwork Orange is a dystopian novella by Anthony Burgess published in 1962. Set in a not-so-distant future English society that has a culture of extreme youth violence the novel's teenage protagonist Alex narrates his violent exploits and his experiences with state authorities intent on reforming him. When the state undertakes to reform Alex—to redeem him—the novel asks At what cost?. The book is partially written in a Russian-influenced argot called Nadsat.
 Unscientific America: How Scientific Illiteracy Threatens Our Future is a nonfiction book by Chris Mooney and Sheril Kirshenbaum. It was a New York Times best seller. In the book the authors tackle the problem of scientific illiteracy in America. They authors criticize scientists for talking down to the misinformed and insulting the religious while calling for more friendly and magnanimous science advocates.
 The Saint is a newspaper written by students at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. It is one of only a few student newspapers in the UK to enjoy complete financial and editorial independence as it is not affiliated with the University or Students' Association in any way. It is published fortnightly during term time.
 I Capture the Castle is the first novel by English author Dodie Smith written in the 1940s when she and her husband (also British and a conscientious objector) lived in California during WWII. She longed for England and wrote of a happier time—unspecified in the novel (apart from a reference to living in the 30's) but probably early in that decade — between the wars.
 Dead to the World is the fourth book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries released in 2004. In Dead to the World Sookie aids vampires Eric and Pam in their struggle against a coven of witches seeking to take over control of their area and takes care of Eric after the witches erase his memory. The novel was adapted as the fourth season of True Blood the HBO series based on the novels however with a few notable differences.
 Foundations of the Science of Knowledge (German: Grundlage der gesamten Wissenschaftslehre) is a 1794 book by the German philosopher Johann Gottlieb Fichte. Based on lectures Fichte had delivered as a Professor of Philosophy in Jena it was later reworked in various versions. The standard Wissenschaftslehre was published in 1804 but other versions appeared posthumously.
 Baptism of Fire (Polish original title: Chrzest ognia) is the third novel in the Witcher Saga written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Sapkowski first published 1996 in Polish and 2014 in English. It is a sequel to the second Witcher novel Times of Contempt (Czas pogardy) and is followed by The Swallow's Tower (Wieża Jaskółki).
 Autocar is a weekly British automobile magazine published by Haymarket Motoring Publications Ltd. It was first published in 1895 and refers to itself as The World's oldest car magazine. There are now several international editions including China India and South Africa.
 The Truth About Muhammad: Founder of the World's Most Intolerant Religion (2006) is a controversial book by Robert Spencer the director of Jihad Watch and Dhimmi Watch.In the book the author proposes to present an account of what Muhammad said and did from the writings of the early biographers of Muhammad such as Ibn Ishaq Ibn Sa'd al-Baghdadi Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari as well as the Qur'an and the hadith collections of Bukhari and Muslim.
 Kiss in the Blue is a Japanese manga series by Kaho Miyasaka. It was serialized in Sho-Comi in 1997 with 4 volumes total.This is a very dark and angst work much more so than Miyasaka's other works. Saeki Chise has no recollection of the summer of three years ago. Whenever she feels as though her memories might be returning her head begins to ache and Chise stops trying to remember. That's when Tamiya appears before her.
 Where Keynes Went Wrong: And Why World Governments Keep Creating Inflation Bubbles and Busts is a non-fiction work by Hunter Lewis. It was first published in 2009.
 The Big Over Easy is a novel written by Jasper Fforde and published in 2005.
 The Key Word and Other Mysteries is a collection of mystery short stories by American author Isaac Asimov featuring his boy detective Larry. The book was illustrated by Rod Burke. It was first published in hardcover by Walker & Company in 1977 and in paperback by the Avon Books in 1979. A British edition illustrated by Geoff Taylor and adding one additional story was issued by Pan Books in 1982.The book contains five stories by Asimov (six in the British edition).
 The Black Gang was the second Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1922 and written H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper.
 The Nemesis of Faith is an epistolary philosophical novel by James Anthony Froude published in 1849. Partly autobiographical the novel depicts the causes and consequences of a young priest's crisis of faith. Like many of his contemporaries Froude came to question his Christian faith in light of early nineteenth century developments in history theology and science.
 Dengeki Maoh (電撃マオウ Dengeki Maō) is a Japanese seinen magazine published by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks). It first went on sale on October 27 2005 and is sold every month on the twenty-seventh. The magazine features information on video games manga and light novels. A special edition version of the magazine called Dengeki Black Maoh was published quarterly from September 2007 to June 2010.
 The Red Peri is a science fiction novella by Stanley G. Weinbaum that first appeared in the November 1935 issue of Astounding Stories. Sam Moskowitz has noted that Weinbaum planned to write a series of sequels to The Red Peri but died before he could do so. The Red Peri is the only Weinbaum story set on Pluto. The novel also inspired Arthur C.
 The Lake of Tears is the second book in the eight-volume Deltora Quest series written by Emily Rodda. It continues the trio's journey to find the seven missing gems of Deltora braving dangers and guardians in each book.The book was first published in 2001 by Scholastic.
 Might Is Right or The Survival of the Fittest is a book by pseudonymous author Ragnar Redbeard. First published in 1890 it heavily advocates amorality and psychological hedonism. In Might Is Right Redbeard rejects conventional ideas of human and natural rights and argues that only strength or physical might can establish moral right (à la Callicles or Thrasymachus).Individualist Anarchist historian James J.
 Hobgoblin by John Coyne is a 1981 horror novel about Scott Gardiner a teenaged boy who becomes obsessed with Hobgoblin a fantasy roleplaying game based on Irish mythology as his life in the game and in reality slowly blend.
 A Lesson Before Dying Is Ernest J. Gaines' eighth novel published in 1993.
 International Transactions in Operational Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal which is published six times a year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Federation of Operational Research Societies. The editorial mission of the journal is to advance the theory and practice of Operational Research and Management Science internationally. The current Editor is Celso C. Ribeiro Universidade Federal Fluminense.
 The Philadelphia Independent was a bi-monthly newspaper that served the Philadelphia Pennsylvania area from January 2002 to March 2005.
 Flat Belly Diet (or Flat Belly Diet!) is a diet book by Liz Vaccariello (vice-president and editor-in-chief of Prevention) and Cynthia Sass (Prevention's nutrition director). The book was first published Rodale Books in October 2008.
 Darkfall is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1984.The novel is also known as Darkness Comes.
 Ta Nea Tis Megalopoleos (Greek: Τα Νέα της Μεγαλοπόλεως News of Megalopolis) is a monthly newspaper published in Athens Greece and produces local news for Megalopolis. It is one of the headquarters situated outside of Megalopolis and it has editors primarily from that region in southwestern Arcadia. The newspaper was founded in 1951 and marked its 50th anniversary in 2001 and its 55th in 2006. It has published around 770 monthly editions.
 Maniattemasu (まにあってます! lit. Enough!) is a manga series by Morinaga Ai. As with all of Ai's stories Maniattemasu is a twist on a traditional theme.
 Time to Say Hello: The Autobiography (ISBN 978-0752888385) is a 2008 autobiography by Katherine Jenkins. It was published in hardback in January 2008 by Orion Books.It was released on paperback on 5 February 2009.The book's title comes from the song Time to Say Goodbye.
 The Oman Medical Journal is a bimonthly open access peer-reviewed medical journal. It was established in 1984 and published by the Oman Medical Specialty Board.
 Something Fresh is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse. It was first published as a book in the United States by D. Appleton & Company on 3 September 1915 under the title Something New having previously appeared under that title as a serial in the Saturday Evening Post between 26 June and 14 August 1915. It was published in the United Kingdom by Methuen & Co.
 Aspects of Love is a novel by author David Garnett centering on the loves of a young soldier named Alexis Golightly his uncle George Dillingham and the beautiful actress Rose Vibert from whom neither man could escape. It was originally published in 1955.In 1989 this book served as the basis for Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical of the same name.
 Musicae Scientiae is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Music Psychology. The journal's editor is Reinhard Kopiez (Hochschule für Musik Theater und Medien Hannover). It has been in publication since 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of European Society for the Cognitive Sciences of Music.
 Justice Undone (Icelandic: Grámosinn glóir) is a novel by Icelandic author Thor Vilhjálmsson. It was first published in 1986. In 1988 Thor won the Nordic Council Literature Prize for the book.It was translated to English in 1998 by Bernard Scudder.
 This is a page about a 1993 book by Ian Rankin. For the 1990 book of the same name by Orhan Pamuk see The Black Book (Orhan Pamuk novel)The Black Book is a 1993 crime novel by Ian Rankin the fifth of the Inspector Rebus novels. It is the first book to feature Siobhan Clarke and Morris Gerald Cafferty appears as a main character. It is also the first book where Rebus is based at St Leonards police station.
 Harmonia Sacra is a Mennonite shape note hymn and tune book originally published as A Compilation of Genuine Church Music in 1832 (Winchester Virginia) by Joseph Funk (1778–1862).The original publication was a four-shape shape note book using the shapes and syllables faw sol law and mi. Funk designed A Compilation of Genuine Church Music for use in singing schools. It contained 208 pages including rudiments of music and tunes harmonized for three voices.
 Visiting Mr. Green is a stage play by American author Jeff Baron that has been performed around the world.
 The Nantucket Independent was a weekly newspaper on Nantucket. It first went into circulation on July 2 2003. In April 2008 GateHouse Media New England announced that it had purchased the newspaper. In September 2010 GateHouse suspended publication of the struggling weekly and closed its Nantucket office.
 Cloud's Rider is a science fiction novel written by United States science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh and was first published by Warner Books in September 1996. It is the second of a series of two novels written by Cherryh and is set in the author's Finisterre universe. The first book in the series Rider at the Gate was published in August 1995. The series is about the descendants of lost colonists stranded many generations ago on the hostile planet of Finisterre.
 Al Nadwa (in Arabic الندوة meaning The Forum) is a Mecca-based Arabic daily newspaper published in Saudi Arabia. Its editor-in-chief is Ahmad bin Saleh.
 The Interpreter (2003) is Suki Kim’s first novel. In The Interpreter Kim creates a twenty-nine-year-old Korean American court interpreter named Suzy Park who makes a startling and ominous discovery during one court case which ultimately reveals the mystery of her parents' homicide. The award winning novel mainly a murder mystery breaks through the stereotypical images of the happy immigrant experience with a story of pain loss and murder.
 Studies in Language is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in linguistics as viewed from discourse-pragmatic functional and typological perspectives. It is published by John Benjamins Publishing Company and was established in 1977.
 Dreddlocked is an original novel written by Stephen Marley and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd.
 Thomas Jefferson: Author of America is a short biography of Thomas Jefferson the third President of the United States (1801–09) and the principal author of the Declaration of Independence (1776) by author journalist and literary critic Christopher Hitchens.It was released as a part of Harper Collins' Eminent Lives series of brief biographies by distinguished authors on canonical figures.
 Checking Out is a 1976 Broadway play written by Allen Swift. It opened on September 14 1976 at the Longacre Theatre and closed on September 25 1976 after 16 performances.
 Ignition City is a five-issue science fiction comic book limited series written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Gianluca Pagliarani.
 Parnassus: Poetry in Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1973.The magazine states on its website that its aim has been to provide a forum where poets novelists and critics of all persuasions could gather to review new books of poetry including translations [. . .] with an amplitude and reflectiveness that Sunday book supplements and even the literary quarterlies could not afford.
 The Flash: Stop Motion is a novel written by Mark Schultz that was first published on February 24 2004. The novel was converted into an unabridged GraphicAudio and released on November 1 2008.
 Princess Princess (Japanese: プリンセス・プリンセス Hepburn: Purinsesu Purinsesu) is the title of a fictional series written and illustrated by Japanese author Mikiyo Tsuda about the lives of three high school boys and the school they attend. The series is contained within multiple media pieces which began as a manga first serialized in the manga magazine Wings starting in 2002.
 The Daily Courier is a newspaper for Yavapai County Arizona United States owned by Western Newspapers. It has been in existence since 1882. Western Newspapers publishes both print and online editions of The Daily Courier featuring local regional national and international news and opinions. In addition to its primary circulation in Prescott AZ subsidiary editions are also published throughout Yavapai County including in Prescott Valley Chino Valley and Camp Verde.
 Mundo Estranho Hot is a Mundo Estranho's subordinated magazine which main content is sex curiosities. Differently from its main magazine ME Hot (its popular abbreviation) didn't acquire popularity between the male teenagers and it still with only one published edition.
 The Journal of Contemporary China is a multidisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal on contemporary Chinese affairs. It is published five times per year by Routledge and covers issues such as Chinese politics law economy culture and foreign policy among others. Its current editor-in-chief is Suisheng Zhao (Josef Korbel School of International Studies University of Denver).
 The Little Emperors is a 1951 historical novel by the English author Alfred Duggan. The novel follows the speculative exploits of Caius Felix in the Roman-British province of Britannia Prima.
 CRN was first launched as Computer Retail Week on June 7 1982 as a magazine targeted to computer resellers - the same year that UK channel publication MicroScope Magazine was launched. It soon after renamed itself Computer Reseller News when it became apparent that the majority of sales for the personal computer would be to businesses through a business to business sales channel rather than to consumers through a retail sales channel.
 Gangtokey Gondogol (Trouble in Gangtok) is a short novel by Satyajit Ray featuring the private detective Feluda first published in 1971.
 A Certain Ambiguity: A Mathematical Novel is a mathematical fiction by Indian authors Gaurav Suri and Hartosh Singh Bal. It is a story about finding certainty in mathematics and philosophy. In a certain ambiguity we meet Ravi Kapoor who travels to America to further his education and is fascinated both by mathematics and philosophy. There he finds about his grandfather being jailed in the year 1919.
 This article presents information about the book; for general information about the topic see Abraham: Historicity and origins and The Bible and history.The Historicity of the Patriarchal Narratives: The Quest for the Historical Abraham is a book by biblical scholar Thomas L.
 Shirley is an 1849 social novel by the English novelist Charlotte Brontë. It was Brontë's second published novel after Jane Eyre (originally published under Brontë's pseudonym Currer Bell). The novel is set in Yorkshire in the period 1811–12 during the industrial depression resulting from the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812. The novel is set against a backdrop of the Luddite uprisings in the Yorkshire textile industry.The novel's popularity led to Shirley's becoming a woman's name.
 Ask the Dust is the most popular novel of Italian-American author John Fante first published in 1939 and set during the Great Depression-era in Los Angeles. It is one of a series of novels featuring the character Arturo Bandini as Fante's alter ego a young Italian-American from Colorado struggling to make it as a writer in Los Angeles. The book is a roman à clef much of it rooted in autobiographical incidents in Fante's life. The novel influenced Charles Bukowski significantly.
 The Journal of the Evangelical Theological Society is a refereed theological journal published by the Evangelical Theological Society. It was first published in 1958 as the Bulletin of the Evangelical Theological Society and was given its present name in 1969.
 The Hamlet is a novel by the American author William Faulkner published in 1940 about the fictional Snopes family of Mississippi.
 The MK News is a local weekly free newspaper based in Milton Keynes. MK News was launched in August 2002 and is delivered to homes across the Milton Keynes urban area and to commuters at Milton Keynes Central railway station. It is delivered on Wednesdays (competing with the Milton Keynes Citizen which is distributed free on Thursdays). The News claims an audited adult readership of 130000. In 2012 Local World acquired owner Iliffe News & Media from Yattendon Group.
 Shadow of Suribachi: Raising The Flags on Iwo Jima (1995) is a book by Parker Bishop Albee Jr. and Keller Cushing Freeman which mainly examines the controversy over the identification of the Marine at the base of the flagpole in Joe Rosenthal's Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima photograph.
 On a Chinese Screen also known as On a Chinese Screen: Sketches of Life in China is a travel book by W. Somerset Maugham first published in 1922.
 A Coin in Nine Hands (French: Denier du rêve) is a 1934 novel by the French writer Marguerite Yourcenar. A reworked edition was published in 1959.
 Nagasarete Airantou (ながされて藍蘭島 Nagasarete Airantō literally Cast Away... Airan Island) is a Japanese manga series created by Japanese author Takeshi Fujishiro. It was first serialized in the manga magazine Monthly Shōnen Gangan in January 2002 published by Square Enix. Eighteen volumes have been released in Japan as of March 2011. A few years later a couple of drama CDs were released based on the manga version.
 The Journal of Generic Medicines is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Management. The journal's editor is M. Fabiana Jorge (MFJ International). It has been in publication since 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Mr. Crewe's Career is a 1908 best-selling novel by American writer Winston Churchill. The novel tells the story of a railroad lobby's attempts to control the New Hampshire state government using all possible tactics. Churchill's prior novel Coniston was also a political novel and the successor draws from Churchill's own unsuccessful run for Governor of New Hampshire in 1906.Though the book was perhaps not as praised as Coniston it was generally well-received and popular.
 Okhovvat e Shiraz (Persian: اخوت شیراز‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Abdolkarim Maaroofli and it was published in Shiraz since 1908.
 I Shall Not Be Moved is author and poet Maya Angelou's fifth collection of poetry published by Random House in 1990. Angelou had written four autobiographies and published four other volumes of poetry up to that point. Angelou considered herself a poet and a playwright and her poetry has also been successful but she is best known for her seven autobiographies especially her first I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.
 Atlantic Geology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the geology of Atlantic Canada and related areas. It is the only regional geology journal in Canada and publishes papers notes and discussions on original research and review papers. It was established in 1965 and since 1986 has been published by the Atlantic Geoscience Society with digital publishing assistance from the University of New Brunswick. The journal was one of the first all-digital publications in Canada.
 Martian Summer: Robot Arms Cowboy Spacemen and My 90 Days with the Phoenix Mars Mission is a book written by Andrew Kessler. The book documents Andrew Kessler's three-month stint in mission control of the NASA Phoenix expedition led by Peter Smith and based at the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory of the University of Arizona.
 Energy and Power is a 1962 science book for children by L. Sprague de Camp illustrated by Weimer Pursell and Fred Eng published by Golden Press as part of The Golden Library of Knowledge Series.
 The Musical Jigsaw Play is a 1994 family musical by Alan Ayckbourn and John Pattison. It is set in a strange word where bad pop groups go and the play involves help from the audience in solving puzzles to escape. Unlike most Ayckbourn plays this play was only produced once largely due to the technical demands and lack of suitability for end-stage theatres.
 Vicky Angel is a children's book by Jacqueline Wilson about a young girl's struggle with her grief over losing her best friend Vicky. It was first published in 2000.
 Muselzeidung is a newspaper published in Luxembourg.
 The World According to Garp is John Irving's fourth novel. Published in 1978 the book was a bestseller for several years. It was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction in 1979 and its first paperback edition won the Award the following year.A movie adaptation of the novel starring Robin Williams was released in 1982 with a screenplay written by Steve Tesich.BBC Radio 4's Classic Serial broadcast a three-part adaptation of the novel by Linda Marshall Griffiths in January 2014.
 The Journal of Oncology Practice (JOP) provides oncologists and other oncology professionals with information news and tools to enhance practice efficiency and promote a high standard for quality of patient care. The goal of JOP is to be an authoritative resource on clinical and administrative management for practicing oncologists.
 Almost Lost: The True Story of an Anonymous Teenager's Life is a young adult novel by Beatrice Sparks cited as non-fiction by her but with no viable sources to suggest that the story the characters or the narrator are in any way factual. Almost Lost tells the story of Sammy a runaway teenager who dabbles in rap the occult and drugs and is turned into a happy wholesome teen by attending therapy with Sparks.
 Drops of God (神の雫 Kami no Shizuku) is a New York Times Best Selling Japanese manga series about wine. It is created and written by Tadashi Agi a pseudonym employed by creative team of sister and brother Yuko and Shin Kibayashi with artwork by Shu Okimoto. All the wines that appear in the comic are authentic.The series was first published in November 2004 in Weekly Morning magazine in Japan and still runs to date. It is also published in Korea Hong Kong and Taiwan.
 A Passing Season is a 2002 award-winning historical novel written by Filipino author Azucena Grajo Uranza. It won third prize during the 1998 Philippine Centennial Literary Awards an event commemorating the First Philippine Republic of 1898. Chronologically A Passing Season is followed by Uranza’s Bamboo in the Wind.
 The Dark Tower: The Little Sisters of Eluria is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. It is the seventh comic book miniseries based on Stephen King's The Dark Tower series of novels. It is plotted by Robin Furth scripted by Peter David and illustrated by Richard Isanove and Luke Ross. Stephen King is the Creative and Executive Director of the project. The first issue was published on December 8 2010.
 Sengsara Membawa Nikmat (English: Blessing in Disguise) is an Indonesian novel written by Tulis Sutan Sati. It was published in 1929 by Balai Pustaka. It tells the story of Midun the son of a farmer who experiences many trials before finally living happily with his new wife. It has been noted as one of Sati's most interesting works.
 The Welch News is a tri-weekly evening newspaper based in Welch West Virginia with circulation in all communities in McDowell County and limited circulation in Wyoming County.The newspaper was founded in 1927 as the Welch Daily News and published on a six-day evening basis. The paper has declined along with the decline of McDowell County which has lost eighty percent of its peak population in 1955 by 2010. In 1975 the paper ended its Saturday edition publishing Monday–Friday afternoons.
 Studies in the Labour Theory of Value is a 1956 book by Ronald L. Meek.
 The Railway Children is a children's book by Edith Nesbit originally serialised in The London Magazine during 1905 and first published in book form in 1906. It has been adapted for the screen several times of which the 1970 film version is the best known. The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography credits Oswald Barron who had a deep affection for Nesbit with having provided the plot.
 The Sherwood Ring is a 1958 young adult novel by Elizabeth Marie Pope.The story of Peggy Grahame and how she is forced to relocate to her uncle's estate when she is orphaned. Along the way she meets the ghosts of many characters from the Revolutionary Period.
 In a Free State is a novel by V.S. Naipaul published in 1971. It won that year's Booker Prize. The plot consists of a framing narrative and three short stories the last one also titled In a Free State. The work is symphonic with different movements working towards an overriding theme. It is not too clearly spelled out what that theme is. However there is an important aspect relating to the price of freedom with analogies between the three situations.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighth Annual Collection is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1991. It is the 8th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 Labyrinth of Evil is a 2005 novel by James Luceno set in the fictional Star Wars universe. The events of this novel occur just before Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith overlapping with the events of the second season of Star Wars: Clone Wars.
 Pedagogy of the Oppressed (Portuguese: Pedagogia do Oprimido) written by educator Paulo Freire proposes a pedagogy with a new relationship between teacher student and society. It was first published in Portuguese in 1968 and was translated by Myra Ramos into English and published in 1970.
 Phenomenology of Perception (French: Phénoménologie de la perception) is a 1945 book by French philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty. The work established Merleau-Ponty as the pre-eminent philosopher of the body.
 Tokyo is a 2004 novel by British crime writer Mo Hayder. It was short-listed for the Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger award as well as several others. (For the US market the title was changed to The Devil of Nanking which had been Hayder's working-title for the book.) Tokyo was reviewed by the internationally-read UK newspaper the Guardian as well as by Kirkus Reviews under its US title.
 XBlaze Code: Embryo is a prequel visual novel of the fighting game series BlazBlue by Arc System Works. It was released in Japan on July 23 2013 and the game will be heading to North America in Q2/Q3 2014 by Aksys Games.Set 50 years before the Dark War and 150 years before the events of Calamity Trigger XBlaze Code: Embryo introduces Toya Kagari a normal high school student who is introduced to the mysterious Power of the Azure.
 Bridge of Rama (2005) is the fifth installment of a six-part series of novels written by Ashok Banker which chronicles the events of the Ramayana in a modern retelling of the Indian epic.
 Diabetes Metabolic Syndrome and Obesity: Targets and Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on diabetes metabolic syndromes and obesity. The journal was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Gucio zaczarowany is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1965.
 Garfield's Feline Fantasies is a half-hour animated television special based on the Garfield comic strip. It once again featured Lorenzo Music as the voice Garfield. The special was first broadcast May 18 1990 on CBS. It has been released on both VHS and DVD home video.The only Garfield special not to feature Lou Rawls singing in the intro or at all in this special.
 The World that was Ours (1967) is Hilda Bernstein's personal account of life in Johannesburg under the oppressive surveillance of the apartheid regime. Hilda and her husband Rusty Bernstein were both detained along with many others in the aftermath of the Sharpeville massacre of 1960. Upon their release Rusty was placed under house arrest while Hilda's day-to-day activities were closely monitored by the Special Branch if not altogether prohibited.
 English Grammar in Use is a self-study reference and practice book for intermediate to advanced students of English.The book was written by Raymond Murphy and published by Cambridge University Press.
 The Claudine series consists of four early novels by the French author Colette published 1900-1904. Written in diary form they describe the growth to maturity of a young girl Claudine. Aged fifteen at the beginning of the first book Claudine à l'école the series describes her education and experiences as she grows up. All the books are written in first-person with the first three having Claudine herself as the narrator.
 Book two of four in Stephen Baxter's alternate history and science fiction series Time's Tapestry.
 The Teachings of Don Juan: A Yaqui Way of Knowledge was published by the University of California Press in 1968 as a work of anthropology. It was written by Carlos Castaneda and submitted as his master’s thesis in the school of anthropology. It reportedly documents the events that took place during an apprenticeship he claimed to have served with a self-proclaimed Yaqui Indian Sorcerer don Juan Matus from Sonora Mexico between 1960 and 1965.
 Something Rotten is the fourthbook in the Thursday Next series by Jasper Fforde. It continues the story some two years after the point where The Well of Lost Plots leaves off.
 The Roving Shadows (French: Les Ombres errantes) is a 2002 fiction book by the French writer Pascal Quignard. It won the Prix Goncourt. The English edition was published November 2011 translated by Chris Turner.
 The Shunned House is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft in the horror fiction genre. Written on October 16–19 1924 it was first published in the October 1937 issue of Weird Tales.
 Spooky Stories for a Dark and Stormy Night is a scary story book compiled by Alice Low and illustrated by Gahan Wilson. The book was published in 1994 and has stories by Charles Dickens Laurence Yep Bruce Conville Eric Weiner and Alice Low. The cover of the book features a pink skeleton with yellow teeth an orange lizard and other crazy things. The back features a purple monster with a yellow stomach a yellow skinny monster and a green bat-type creature.
 Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking is the second book by Malcolm Gladwell. It presents in popular science format research from psychology and behavioral economics on the adaptive unconscious; mental processes that work rapidly and automatically from relatively little information. It considers both the strengths of the adaptive unconscious for example in expert judgment and its pitfalls such as stereotypes.
 Fréttablaðið (English: The Newspaper) is the Icelandic newspaper with the largest circulation. Fréttablaðið is in Icelandic and is distributed free of charge to homes in parts of the country. Each paper is read by about 60% and at any given time only 20% will not have read it at all over the past week. Fréttablaðið is published 6 days per week Monday - Saturday.
 Jenny Kissed Me is a short charming oft-quoted poem by English essayist Leigh Hunt. First published in November 1838 in the Monthly Chronicle it was inspired by Jane Welsh the wife of Thomas Carlyle. The complete poem is:Jenny kissed me when we metJumping from the chair she sat in; Time you thief who love to getSweets into your list put that in!Say I'm weary say I'm sadSay that health and wealth have missed meSay I'm growing old but addJenny kissed me.↑ ↑
 ≈Nawa-i-Waqt (Urdu: روزنامہ نوائے وقت‎) is an Urdu daily newspaper in Pakistan. It was launched on March 23 1940 under the leadership of Hameed Nizami. His younger brother Majid Nizami is the current owner-editor. It is one of the most influential newspapers in the country. It has a special position in Pakistan's media as the guardian of Pakistan's ideology with well-established center-right and nationalist credentials.
 Le Cabinet des Antiques (The Cabinet of Antiquities) is a French novel published by Honoré de Balzac in 1838 under the title les Rivalités en province (Rivalries in the provinces) in le Constitutionnel then published as a work in its own right in 1838 by the Souverain publishing house.With la Vieille Fille the work fits into les Rivalités an isolated group in the Scènes de la vie de province collection of la Comédie humaine.
 4-Koma Nano Ace (4コマnanoエース) is a Japanese yonkoma manga magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten.
 Love Monkey is a comic novel by Kyle Smith published in 2004. It is the basis for the 2006 CBS television series of the same name. Love Monkey is Kyle Smith's first novel. Smith is currently a film critic for the New York Post. The title Love Monkey is from a song lyric.
 BabagaNewz was a full-color Jewish [values] classroom magazine that was published from 2001-08. In 2009 a scaled down version was published online. The publication was for kids in 4th through 7th grade that presents current events science Torah Israel holidays and traditions through a Jewish lens.
 Nature Reviews Genetics is a monthly review journal in genetics and covers the full breadth of modern genetics. The journal publishes review and perspective articles written by experts in the field subject to peer review and copy editing to provide authoritative coverage of topics. Each issue also contains Research Highlight articles - short summaries written by the editors that describe recent research papers.
 The Complex: An Insider Exposes the Covert World of the Church of Scientology is a non-fiction book about the organization and practices of the Church of Scientology written by former Scientologist John Duignan with Nicola Tallant. The book was published in Ireland on October 7 2008 by Merlin Publishing. Both of Duignan's parents died when he was very young and as a result he had difficult experiences as a teenager.
 Spindrift is a 2007 science fiction novel by author Allen Steele. Spindrift is set within the same universe as the Coyote trilogy but was written as a stand-alone novel. Steele has stated that he wrote Spindrift because he was tired of the militaristic sort of space opera that says that any contact between humans and aliens will necessarily be hostile.
 Madeline's Rescue is a book by Ludwig Bemelmans the second in the Madeline series. Released by Viking Press it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1954.
 The Ultimate Rush is a 1998 novel by author Joe Quirk about a roller-blading messenger in San Francisco named Chet Griffin who spends his nights hacking for fun. One of his messenger deliveries gets him mixed up in an illegal investment scheme. He discovers the illegal activities and is framed for murder by a corrupt police officer. He is chased through the streets by the police the Italian and Chinese mafias and the Federal Computer Investigations Committee.
 Crime Wave is a 1999 collection of 11 short works of fiction and non-fiction all originally published in GQ by American crime fiction writer James Ellroy. The collection issued as a paperback original includes a short story (Hush-Hush) two novellas (Tijuana Mon Amour and Hollywood Shakedown) and eight pieces of crime reportage including Sex Glitz and Greed: The Seduction of O. J. Simpson. More of Ellroy's GQ pieces can be found in the collection Destination: Morgue!.
 Risk is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov first published in the May 1955 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the collections The Rest of the Robots (1964) and The Complete Robot (1982).The story is a sequel to Little Lost Robot. It is set in the same location but involves a different positronic robot – one of the few in Asimov's stories to have neither a serial number nor nickname.
 For the New Intellectual: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand is a 1961 book by Ayn Rand. It was her first long non-fiction book. Much of the material consists of excerpts from Rand's novels supplemented by a long title essay that focuses on the history of philosophy.
 The Luso-Brazilian Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal which publishes interdisciplinary scholarship on the Portuguese Brazilian and Lusophone African cultures with an emphasis on literature history and the social sciences. Each issue of the Luso-Brazilian Review contains articles and book reviews written in either English or Portuguese.The Luso-Brazilian Review was founded in 1964 at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. The founding editor was Alberto Machado da Rosa.
 A Leopard Lives in a Muu Tree is a poem by the Kenyan poet Jonathan Kariara. It concerns a native farmer besieged by a tree-bound leopard that has apparently broken his fences torn his medicine bags and stifled his wives' sensuality. Featured in such poesy anthologies as An Introduction to East African Poetry The Penguin Book of Modern African Poetry and Over This Soil it has been subjected to a wide range of interpretations most of them erotic.
 Storyteller is a hybrid collection of poetry short stories and family photographs compiled by Laguna Pueblo author Leslie Marmon Silko. It was first published in 1981 following the literary success of the novel Ceremony.
 Mountain of Black Glass is the third book in Tad Williams' acclaimed Otherland Series. It was first published in 1999 with a paperback edition in 2000.Continuing from River of Blue Fire it brings the characters together at the battle of Troy and finally to the heart of the Grail Brotherhood.
 I Am Pilgrim is the debut novel by former journalist and screen-writer Terry Hayes. It was published on 18 July 2013 in the United Kingdom.
 Advances in Developing Human Resources is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of human resources including areas such as performance learning and integrity within an organizational context. The editors-in-chief are Susan A. Lynham (Colorado State University) and Kimberly S. McDonald (Indiana University – Purdue University Fort Wayne). It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Liquor is Poppy Z. Brite's first novel in the Liquor series which revolves around the two young chefs John Rickey and Gary G-man Stubbs their restaurant and their life in New Orleans. It was released in the United States on March 16 2004.
 This article is about Christopher Brookmyre's crime novel. For Geraldine McCaughrean's young adult novel see Not the End of the World (young adult novel); for Kate Atkinson's book of short stories see Not the End of the World (short story collection)Not the End of the World is Christopher Brookmyre's third novel and the first not to feature Jack Parlabane Christopher Brookmyre's most used character.
 Faith and Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal sponsored by the Society of Christian Philosophers. Since 1984 it has published over 1300 articles and reviews focused on the philosophical examination of religion and Christian faith. The journal is edited by Thomas Flint and receives support from Asbury University and the University of Notre Dame. The journal is also supported by patrons who pledge annual contributions.
 The Philippine STAR is the flagship title of the country’s largest and most successful print media enterprise the Star Group of Publications. Owned and published by Philstar Daily Inc. The STAR is a vaunted pillar of Philippine journalism whose integrity is anchored on the Biblical motto “Truth Shall Prevail”.
 It's Now or Never! is a stage comedy written by Miles Tredinnick. It was published in 1991 by Warner Chappell Plays and first produced at the Queen's Theatre in Hornchurch England in 1994. It starred Tony Roper and Peter Polycarpou and was produced by Rod Coton and Joe Scott-Parkinson in association with the Queen's Theatre Hornchurch. It was directed by Marina Calderone. The play is a sequel to the author's earlier Laugh? I Nearly Went to Miami!
 Herobear and the Kid is a monthly comic book. It won the Eisner Award for Best Title for Younger Readers/Best Comics Publication for a Younger Audience in both 2002 and 2003. Volume One consisted of six issues which were then collected in one softcover volume as well as a limited edition hardcover volume.
 Blunt Magazine is a monthly Canadian online magazine published by Blunt Magazine Inc.. Volume collections are printed quarterly and available at newsstands in Toronto Canada or through the BluntMagazine.ca website. Blunt is a theme-based magazine written by award winning international bloggers. The images found in Blunt Magazine are used with permission from the various photographers and artists that Blunt Magazine talent scouts find while browsing the internet.
 Never Send Flowers first published in 1993 was the thirteenth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond (including Gardner's novelization of Licence to Kill). Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.
 Parallel (ぱられる) is a Japanese shōnen manga by Toshihiko Kobayashi. It tells the story of two high school students Shinnosuke Nekota and Sakura Hoshino who are forced to live together in the same house when their parents become unofficially engaged and leave the country for their work. The manga spans four volumes comprising a total of 19 chapters as well as a one-chapter special.
 Castle Roogna is the third book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony. The castle itself is also the residence of the present King of Xanth.
 The Voice of Cambodia is a weekly newspaper published in Cambodia.
 Over My Dead Body is the seventh Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout. The story first appeared in abridged form in The American Magazine (September 1939). The novel was published in 1940 by Farrar & Rinehart Inc.
 Ninety-Three (Quatrevingt-treize) is the last novel by the French writer Victor Hugo. Published in 1874 shortly after the bloody upheaval of the Paris Commune the novel concerns the Revolt in the Vendée and Chouannerie – the counter-revolutionary revolts in 1793 during the French Revolution. It is divided into three parts but not chronologically; each part tells a different story offering a different view of historical general events.
 Serra d'Or (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsɛrə ˈðɔr]) is a Catalan magazine that appeared in October 1959. It was promoted by a group of university students and was published by the Montserrat abbey press with a monthly circulation of 8.000 copies.
 The Journal of Transnational Law & Policy (Bluebook abbreviation: J. Transnat'l L. & Pol'y) is a law review that was established in 1991 as a scholarly forum for discussion of legal developments within the international community. Its articles span a variety of topics within the field of international law including human rights comparative law and U.S. foreign policy.
 The Ahwatukee Foothills News is a twice-weekly paper serving Ahwatukee Arizona. It has a circulation of 28000[citation needed]. First published as the Ahwatukee Sentinel in 1976 its name was changed to the Ahwatukee News in 1978. In 1988 it once again changed its name this time to the Ahwatukee Weekly News. The current incarnation is the Ahwatukee Foothill News.
 Trap is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Peter Mathers.
 The Villager is a newspaper published in The Woodlands Texas covering the master-planned community and the rest of southern Montgomery County north of Houston. The award-winning weekly is distributed free to more than 38000 households. It was formerly owned by ASP Westward.The Villager details the development education diversions and news occurring in The Woodlands community.
 Lord Arthur's Bed is a play by English playwright Martin Lewton. The play premiered at the Brighton Festival in on 14 May 2008. It subsequently toured nationally in 2008 and transferred to Dublin in 2009.The play is set in 2008 following the Civil Partnership of the two protagonists who find themselves living in a house once occupied by Lord Arthur Clinton MP and transvestite Ernest Boulton.
 Quest is a quarterly and bimonthly Indian journal published between 1955 and 1975 and featuring 20 years of independent India’s intellectual history.
 Obernewtyn is the first novel in the Obernewtyn Chronicles series by Australian author Isobelle Carmody. Carmody began writing it at the age of fourteen and reworked the novel through high school and university. Much of the inspiration for the protagonist Elspeth Gordie comes from her own life experiences.
 Rosco & Sonny is an Italian comics series created by Claudio Nizzi and Giancarlo Alessandrini.
 The 100 Most Influential Books Ever Written: The History of Thought from Ancient Times to Today (1998) is a book of intellectual history written by Martin Seymour-Smith a British poet critic and biographer.The list included the books such as Upanishads Hebrew Bible I Ching Kabbalah Candide The World as Will and Idea among others.
 Nang! is a general interest magazine based in Aldgate London. Aimed at 14-21 year olds the magazine is free and is distributed at sixth forms colleges universities libraries and Connexions centres in the London area on a quarterly basis. In December 2006 Nang! was presented with one of the prestigious Philip Lawrence Awards for services to the local community.
 The Arizona Capitol Times is a non-partisan weekly newspaper covering state politics and government published every Friday in Phoenix Arizona. The paper focuses on the Arizona Legislature the state's politicians government agencies and elected leadership.
 Martin the Warrior is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1993. It is the sixth book in the Redwall series. It is also one of the three Redwall books to be made into a TV show.The English versions of the novel were subdivided into three books: The Prisoner and the Tyrant Actors and Searchers and The Battle of Marshank.
 True Story: A Novel is a book by Bill Maher. It was Maher's first book and his only novel. It was first published in 1994 by Random House and was published in 2000 by Simon & Schuster. The book is an episodic novel detailing the true accounts of Maher and other stand-up comics in the late 1970s and early 80s.
 Homebody (1998) is the third horror novel by Orson Scott Card. It takes place in modern-day America.
 The Stolen Lake is a children's novel by Joan Aiken first published in 1981. Taking place in an alternate history the story follows the adventures of Dido Twite in a fictionalized version of South America.The novel is the fourth in the Wolves Chronicles a series of books set during the fictional 19th century reign of King James III. In this world part of South America is occupied by Ancient British (Celtic) colonists following an invasion hundreds of years before.
 Black Science is an creator-owned American comic book series by Rick Remender and Italian artist Matteo Scalera. Image Comics released the first issue in November 2013. The story follows Grant McKay an ex-member of the Anarchist Order of Scientists as he and his team bounce around alien worlds while they try to repair the Pillar a piece of technology that allowed McKay and his team to access Black Science and the only way they can return home.
 Killing Time: The Autobiography of Paul Feyerabend is an autobiography by philosopher Paul Feyerabend. The book details amongst other things Feyerabend's youth in Nazi-controlled Vienna his military service notorious academic career and vigorous sex life.
 Philotheos (Serbian: ΦΙΛΟΘΕΟΣ) is an academic journal for philosophy and theology which was established in 2001. The editor-in-chief is Bogoljub Šijaković. The journal was initially based at the Philosophy Faculty in Nikšić (Montenegro) but since 2006 it has been published at the Faculty of Orthodox Theology at the University of Belgrade.
 AIPC Magazine is a quarterly Italian-language periodical and the official publication of Associazione Italiana Piante Carnivore (AIPC) a carnivorous plant society based in Italy. Typical articles include matters of horticultural interest field reports and plant descriptions. The periodical was established as AIPC News by Marcello Catalano in January 1998 at a time when the newly founded AIPC had only around 30 members.AIPC News underwent a number of format changes in its early years.
 Collaborator is an alternate history novel by Murray Davies published as a hardcover on 19 September 2003 and released in paperback in the United Kingdom and the United States in September 2004. The novel is set in a Nazi-occupied Great Britain in 1940 and 1941. It chronicles life during this period primarily through the experiences of Nick Penny the collaborator of the novel's title.
 Ghost/Batgirl: The Resurrection Machine is a four-issue crossover mini-series starring Ghost of Dark Horse Comics and Batgirl of DC Comics. The trade paperback was released June 27 2001.
 Hellbound: The Blood War is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Freie Arbeiter Stimme (Yiddish: פֿרייע אַרבעטער שטימע; English: The Free Voice of Labor) was the longest-running anarchist periodical in the Yiddish language founded initially as an American counterpart to Rudolf Rocker's London-based Arbeter Fraynd (Workers' Friend). The early Yiddish spelling פֿרייע אַרבייטער שטיממע (Fraye Arbayter Shtimme) reflects the early 20th century fashion to Germanize certain Yiddish words.
 Pictures from Italy is a travelogue by Charles Dickens written in 1846. The book reveals the concerns of its author as he presents according to Kate Flint the country like a chaotic magic-lantern show fascinated both by the spectacle it offers and by himself as spectator.
 The Donegal Times is a local newspaper in County Donegal Ireland. The paper is based in Donegal Town. The paper acts like a newsletter covering mainly community and social issues affecting the town and its immediate environs. It was first printed in March 1989 as a special supplement in the Donegal Democrat but is now a stand-alone publication ordinarily published on the second and fourth Wednesday of the month.
 Der Elsässer Bote ('The Alsatian Messenger') was a German-language daily newspaper in Alsace France. Der Elsässer Bote was the organ of the pro-French Catholic party APNA and was launched in 1928 with financial support from the French state. Dr. Haenggy served as the editor-in-chief of Der Elsässer Bote. As of 1930 Der Elsässer Bote had the largest circulation of all party-affiliated daily newspapers in Bas-Rhin with a daily circulation of around 18000. It ceased publication in 1940.
 The British Journal of Sociology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1950 at the London School of Economics. It represents the mainstream of sociological thinking and research and publishes high quality papers on all aspects of the discipline by academics from all over the world. The journal has been considered to be among the highest-status journals [that] are the leaders in their particular field.
 Campione! (カンピオーネ! Kanpiōne! lit. Champion!) is a Japanese light novel series written by Jō Taketsuki and illustrated by Sikorski. It has been published by Shueisha in their Super Dash Bunko imprint since September 2008. It has been adapted into a manga series published in Shueisha's Super Dash & Go!. A 13-episode anime television series produced by Diomedéa aired in Japan on AT-X and Tokyo MX beginning in July 2012 and ended in September 2012.
 Dragon Voice (ドラゴン ボイス Doragon Boisu) is a manga series by Yuriko Nishiyama. It was serialized by Kodansha in Weekly Shōnen Magazine and collected in 11 bound volumes. The manga was licensed in North America by Tokyopop but the license was dropped after publishing 10 volumes.
 The Journal of International Political Theory is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by SAGE Publications in February June and October of each year. It was published by Edinburgh University Press between 2005 and 2013. The Journal of International Political Theory (JIPT) is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed forum to explore international and global politics from a range of theoretical and philosophical perspectives.
 Waterland is a 1983 novel by Graham Swift. It is considered to be the author's premier novel and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize (a prize Swift finally achieved with Last Orders).In 1992 the book was made into a film.
 Not a Penny More Not a Penny Less was Jeffrey Archer's first novel first published in 1976. It was said to have been inspired by Archer's real-life experience of near-bankruptcy.
 Shatter is a psychological thriller written by the Australian author Michael Robotham that was published in 2008. Professor Joseph O'Loughlin (referred to as Joe throughout the novel) is tasked by the police with stopping a woman Christine Wheeler from committing suicide only to fail. When Wheeler's teenage daughter appears onto his doorstep she insists that her mother would not have jumped off a bridge as she did for she was not suicidal and had a fear of heights.
 The Cumberland Times-News is a seven-day morning daily newspaper serving Cumberland Maryland USA and the surrounding areas of Allegany and Garrett counties in Maryland and Mineral County in West Virginia.In addition to its Cumberland headquarters the newspaper maintained satellite bureaus in Frostburg and McHenry Maryland and in Keyser West Virginia. The last of these the Keyser bureau closed in March 2009 in order to cut costs for the newspaper.
 Mantissa is a novel by British author John Fowles published in 1982. It consists entirely of a presumably imaginary dialogue in a writer's head between himself and an embodiment of the Muse Erato after he wakes amnesiac in a hospital bed.
 Frostbite is a vampire novel written by Richelle Mead. It is the second novel in the #1 New York Times bestselling series Vampire Academy. Frostbite continues the story of the main character Rose Hathaway including her bond with Vasilisa her budding romance with her instructor Dimitri and her education in becoming a Guardian.
 The Dirty Pair is an original English-language manga written and illustrated by Adam Warren based on the original Dirty Pair characters created by Haruka Takachiho.The American comic company and manga translator Studio Proteus acquired rights to create comic versions of the Dirty Pair in 1988. The first three limited series reprinted in the collected editions Biohazards Dangerous Acquaintances and Plague of Angels were published by the since-defunct Eclipse Comics.
 Super Spider-Man and Captain Britain was a weekly comic book magazine published by Marvel UK from July–December 1977. It was a continuation of the ongoing Marvel UK Spider-Man weekly reprint comic previously known as Super Spider-Man and the Titans hence the high issue numbers (Super Spider-Man and Captain Britain started with issue #231).
 Empire of Ivory is the fourth novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik. The series follows the actions of William Laurence and his dragon Temeraire.The book takes place in Africa and follows Laurence and Temeraire's search for a cure to the disease that has paralyzed the dragon community. Naomi Novik visited southern Africa in search for places in the fourth novel.Empire of Ivory was released in paperback in North America on September 25 2007.
 Herut (Hebrew: חרות‎ lit. Freedom) was the name of four newspapers published in Palestine and later Israel. The first was established in Jerusalem during the Ottoman era two were journals of the Irgun whilst the fourth was owned by the Herut political party founded by former Irgun members.
 The Alberta Law Review is a peer-reviewed law review or legal journal published quarterly by the Alberta Law Review Society. The Society is a non-profit organization consisting entirely of students from both the University of Alberta Faculty of Law and the University of Calgary Faculty of Law. The Law Review has published issues consistently since 1955. Nonetheless its predecessor the Alberta Law Quarterly was established in 1934 by University of Alberta law students.
 Spunti e ricerche is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in Italian studies. Individual volumes often consist of articles on a broadly defined theme on a particular writer or on various subjects. The editors-in-Chief are Raffaele Lampugnani (Monash University) Annamaria Pagliaro (Monash University) Antonio Pagliaro (La Trobe University) Carolyn James (Monash University) and Nicole Prunster (La Trobe University).
 Land of Terror is a 1944 fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs the sixth in his series about the fictional hollow earth land of Pellucidar. It is the penultimate novel in the series and the last to be published during Burrough's lifetime. Unlike most of the other books in the Pellucidar series this novel was never serially published in any magazine because it was rejected by all of Burroughs's usual publishers.
 Jet-Set is a Colombian-based fortnightly magazine profiling the glamorous compelling and sometimes scandalous lives and happenings of Colombian and international celebrities politicians artists and those of the elite and high-society that is to say those in the jet-set.
 Project Baikal is a Siberian based journal that focusses on architecture urbanism design heritage and landscape.
 Times Beacon Record Newspapers is a community newspaper publisher located in Setauket NY consisting of seven different weekly newspapers serving Suffolk County localities on the North Shore of Long Island spanning from the town of Huntington into Wading River. The current publisher is Leah S. Dunaief.
 Tonight We Improvise (Italian: Questa sera si recita a soggetto) is a play by Luigi Pirandello. Like his more famous Six Characters in Search of an Author it forms part of his trilogy of the theatre in the theatre. It premiered in 1930 in a German translation in Königsberg and had its first Italian performance in Turin on April 14 1930.It has been translated into English by Samuel Putnam (1932) Marta Abba (1959) and J. Douglas Campbell and Leonard Sbrocchi (1987).
 Q.E.D. (Q.E.D. 証明終了 Q.E.D. Shomei Shuuryou) is a detective manga created and produced by Motohiro Katou. Sou Touma is a university graduate who encounters a variety of investigative cases after returning to Japan from the US. He works with his friend Kana Mizuhara combining his deductive skills with Mizuhara's social gifts.Q.E.D. has sold over 3 million copies in Japan and has been adapted as a live-action TV series.
 The Heritage of Arn (Swedish: Arvet efter Arn) is a follow-up to The Knight Templar (Crusades trilogy) by Jan Guillou about Birger jarl the founder of Stockholm - fictionalized to be Arn Magnusson's grandson.The story spans across a transitional period of Scandinavia where the last remnants of the Viking traditions are replaced by continental medieval customs and the Swedes and Geats unite under the hard rule of Birger Jarl Magnusson.
 Counting the Eons is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov. It was the sixteenth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction these being first published between August 1980 and December 1981. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1983.
 Alexandria is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis published in 2009. It is the nineteenth in her Falco series starring Marcus Didius Falco Informer and Imperial Agent.The story is set in AD 77 in Alexandria Egypt which was at that time part of the Roman Empire. Falco and his family travel to Egypt to see two of the seven wonders of the world the Lighthouse of Alexandria and the Great Pyramid of Giza but are caught up in investigation into a mysterious death and soon several deaths.
 Business and Professional Communication Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of management. The editor-in-chief is Melinda Knight (Montclair State University). It was established in 1969 as Business Communication Quarterly obtaining its current title in 2014 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the Association for Business Communication.
 Second Sight is a 2005 young adult novel written by Gary Blackwood. It is an alternate history fiction novel that takes place in America shortly after the American Civil War.
 Sarvavijnanakosam known in English as the Malayalam Encyclopaedia is a general encyclopedia in the Malayalam language. It is intended to be a a compendium of world knowledge covering over 32000 topics. The first volume was published in 1972 and currently 15 of the 20 volumes have been published. It is published by the State Institute of Encyclopaedic Publications.
 Cry of the Justice Bird is the 2007 novel written by Jon Haylett. It is an action/adventure thriller based in the fictional African state of Boromundi.
 Elementalors (精霊使い Seirei Tsukai) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takeshi Okazaki.The manga was adapted into an animated movie which was released by AIC in Japan and Dybex in France on April 1 1995. The movie was licensed by Dybex but the license is now discontinued.
 Uus Eesti was a newspaper published in Estonia from 1935 until Soviet occupation of Estonia in 1940.
 The Woggle-Bug Book is a 1905 children's book written by L. Frank Baum creator of the Land of Oz and illustrated by Ike Morgan. It has long been one of the rarest items in the Baum bibliography. Baum's text has been controversial for its use of ethnic humor stereotypes.
 The Handbook to the Birds of Australia is a two-volume work published in London in 1865 by the author John Gould. It was published in octavo format (250 x 170 mm) containing some 1290 pages bound in green cloth with gilt lyrebirds on the front covers and with decorated gilt spines.
 Robot Dreams is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov exploring the unbalance of robot/human relationships under Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics. It was nominated for a Hugo Award in 1987.
 Swedish Sensationsfilms: A Clandestine History of Sex Thrillers and Kicker Cinema (ISBN 978-09796163-6-5) is a book by Daniel Ekeroth. The book details the history of alternative Swedish cinema the so-called sensationsfilm (the Swedish equivalent to the American grindhouse). The book discuss the movies from late the 60s and early 70s that constituted the basis of the legend of Swedish sin—such as Ur kärlekens språk Hon dansade en sommar and Thriller - en grym film.
 Selling Illusions: The Cult of Multiculturalism in Canada is a non-fiction book by Canadian author Neil Bissoondath. The book puts forward an assessment of Canada's Multiculturalism Act (1988) and how the bi-cultural nature of the country is to be willfully refashioned into a multicultural 'mosaic'.
 The Dictionary of Medieval Latin from British Sources is a lexicon of Medieval Latin published by Oxford University Press for the British Academy and sometimes referred to as simply the Dictionary of Medieval Latin or the Medieval Latin Dictionary. After decades of preparatory work the dictionary itself was begun in 1965 and it has been published in fascicules since 1975. Its final fascicule was published in December 2013.
 The Tipp City Independent Voice (IV) was a weekly newspaper serving Tipp City Ohio as well as Monroe and Bethel townships in Miami County but the newspaper published its final issue on July 22 2009. The paper was a member of the Ohio Newspaper Association and the Newspaper Association of America. The Voice had a weekly circulation of 1000. New issues arrived on the newsstand throughout Tipp City every Wednesday afternoon while the newspaper was being published.
 The Field is a play written by John B. Keane first performed in 1965. It tells the story of the hardened Irish farmer Bull McCabe and his love for the land he rents. The play debuted at Dublin's Olympia Theatre in 1965 with Ray McAnally as The Bull and Eamon Keane as The Bird O'Donnell. The play was published in 1966 by Mercier Press. A new version with some changes was produced in 1987.A film adaptation was released in 1990 directed by Jim Sheridan with Richard Harris in the lead role.
 The American Spectator is a conservative U.S. monthly magazine covering news and politics edited by R. Emmett Tyrrell Jr. and published by the non-profit American Spectator Foundation. From 1967 until the late 1980s the small-circulation magazine featured the writings of authors such as Thomas Sowell Tom Wolfe P.J. O'Rourke George F. Will Malcolm Gladwell Patrick J.
 Doomsday Book is a 1992 science fiction novel by American author Connie Willis. The novel won both the Hugo and Nebula Awards and was shortlisted for other awards. The title of the book is a reference to the Domesday Book of 1086; Kivrin the main character says that her recording is a record of life in the Middle Ages which is what William the Conqueror's survey turned out to be.
 European Psychologist is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal within the field of psychology. The journal was established in 1996 as the official organ of the European Federation of Psychologists' Associations and is published by Hogrefe Publishing.
 Holy Fire is a 1996 science fiction novel by cyberpunk writer Bruce Sterling.
 Audio magazine was a periodical published from 1947 to 2000 and was America's longest-running audio magazine. Audio published reviews of audio products and audio technology as well as informational articles on topics such as acoustics psychoacoustics and the art of listening. Audio claimed to be the successor of Radio magazine which was established in 1917.
 Boyfriend (ボーイフレンド Bōifurendo) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Fuyumi Soryo. Boyfriend manga received the 1988 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga. In 2008 the manga was posted on the Yahoo! Comic Japan website for free browsing to celebrate Shogakukan's Shōjo Comic's 40th anniversary.
 Initiation into Hermetics is the title of the English translation of Franz Bardon's first of three volumes concerning self-realization in line with the Hermetic tradition.
 Al Iqtissadiya (Economy in Arabic) is a weekly Arabic newspaper published in Syria. The paper is one of the first privately owned publications in Syria. Its sister paper is Al Watan a daily in Syria.
 The Kingdom at the End of the Road (Swedish: Riket vid vägens slut) is the third book in Jan Guillou's The Knight Templar (Crusades trilogy) book series. This book follows the fictional character of Arn Magnusson as he returns home to Sweden after 20 years as a Knight Templar.The book starts with Arn coming home to the abbey in which he grew up and reuniting with his kinsmen. Arn now an experienced knight has great plans for Sweden.
 The Three Pigs is a children's picture book written and illustrated by David Wiesner. Published in 2001 the book is based on the traditional tale of the Three Little Pigs though in this story they step out of their own tale and wander into others depicted in different illustration styles. Wiesner won the 2002 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations Wiesner's second of three such medals.
 The Brainerd Dispatch is a daily morning newspaper published in Brainerd Minnesota. The newspaper was founded on December 22 1881. The paper is owned by Forum Communications. The paper is published by Tim Bogenschutz.
 The Express Tribune is a major daily English-language newspaper in Pakistan. Part of the Lakson Group of companies it is the flagship publication of the Daily Express media group. It is Pakistan's only internationally affiliated newspaper in partnership with International New York Times the global edition of The New York Times. Headquartered in Karachi it also prints copy from offices in Lahore Islamabad and Peshawar.
 Journal Press is a weekly newspaper based in King George Virginia covering King George and Westmoreland Counties and the Town of Colonial Beach Virginia.
 The Sweet Smell of Psychosis is Will Self's first published Novella. It was printed by Bloomsbury Books in 1996 and features illustrations by Martin Rowson.Richard Hermes is a London journalist who lives a life of drudging days and cocaine fuelled nights. He falls in with a local media personality called Bell and his crew which includes the delightful and attractive Ursula. Ursula is also a media type writing a good sex column.
 From Bauhaus to Our House is a 1981 narrative of Modern architecture written by Tom Wolfe.
 The Frontier Post is an English-language newspaper based in Peshawar Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan. It is distributed throughout Pakistan as well as in neighbouring Afghanistan making it the only English-language newspaper currently circulating in both countries collectively.
 El Diario la Prensa is the largest and oldest Spanish-language daily newspaper in New York City and the oldest Spanish-language daily in the United States. Published by ImpreMedia the paper covers local national and international news with an emphasis on Latin America as well as human-interest stories politics business and technology health entertainment and sports.
 A Different Universe: Reinventing Physics from the Bottom Down is a 2005 physics book by Robert B. Laughlin a winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics. It argues against the overuse of reductionism in fields such as string theory and emphasizes that the future of physics research is in the study of emergence.
 Dagbladet (lit.: The Daily Magazine) is Norway's second largest tabloid newspaper and the third largest newspaper overall with a circulation of 105255 copies in 2009 18128 papers less than in 2008. The editor in chief is John Arne Markussen.Dagbladet is published seven days a week.
 Deadman is a supernatural comic book series written by Bruce Jones and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. The series was very loosely based on the DC superhero character Deadman although the similarities between the properties are few. The series lasted for 13 issues.
 Faith of My Fathers is a 1999 bestselling non-fiction book by United States Senator John McCain with Mark Salter. Published by Random House it is part autobiography part family memoir. It traces the story of McCain's life growing up during his time in the United States Naval Academy and his military service as a naval aviator before and during the Vietnam War. His story is interwoven with those of his father John S. Jack McCain Jr. and his grandfather John S.
 The Everafter War is Book 7 of The Sisters Grimm series written by Michael Buckley.
 The Under Dog and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1951. The first edition retailed at $2.50.It contains works from the early days of Christie's career all featuring Hercule Poirot. All the stories were published in British and American magazines between 1923 and 1926. The title story appeared in book form in England for the first time in the 1960 collection The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding.
 Drain is a creator-owned comic by writer C. B. Cebulski and is painted by Sana Takeda and published by Image Comics.
 Toras Chaim (Hebrew: תורת חיים) is a two volume work of Hasidic discourses on the books of Genesis and Exodus by the second Chabad Rebbe Rabbi Dovber Schneuri. The work is arranged in a similar fashion as Likutei Torah/Torah Or a fundamental work on Chabad philosophy authored by Rabbi Dovber's father Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liadi the founder of the Chabad movement. Both works are arranged according to the weekly Torah portion.
 Cultura: International Journal of Philosophy of Culture and Axiology is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 2004 and covers philosophical work exploring different values and cultural phenomena. The journal is published in print format by Peter Lang. Online access to all issues of Cultura from 2005 to the present is provided by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Most of Me: Surviving My Medical Meltdown is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer Robyn Michele Levy first published in September 2011 by Greystone Books. In the book the author chronicles her plight from symptoms to medical diagnosis and coping with simultaneous illnesses.
 Cruel and Unusual is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell. It is the fourth book in the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series.
 Ring Round the Moon is a 1950 adaptation by the English dramatist Christopher Fry of Jean Anouilh's Invitation to the Castle (1947). Peter Brook commissioned Fry to adapt the play and the first production of Ring Round the Moon was given at the Globe Theatre. The production starred Paul Scofield Claire Bloom and Margaret Rutherford.
 Radiant Identities is a 1994 photography book by Jock Sturges. The book consists of 60 black-and-white images of both children and adults many of which show nudity. Photos were taken primarily at nude beaches in France and California. The girl on the front cover is Misty Dawn a model featured in many of Stuges's books. In the United States the book has been mentioned in debates over whether nude pictures of children is art or pornography.
 Decline of the English Murder is an essay by George Orwell wherein he analysed the kinds of murders depicted in popular media and why people like to read them.
 After the Software Wars is a book by Keith Curtis about free software and its importance in the computing industry specifically about its impact on Microsoft and the proprietary software development model.The book is about the power of mass collaboration and possibilities of reaching up to a singular rationale showing successful collaborative examples in open source such as Linux and Wikipedia.Keith Curtis attended the University of Michigan but dropped out to work as a programmer for Microsoft after meeting Bill Gates in 1993. 
 A Daughter of Heth is a novel by William Black first published in 3 volumes by Sampson Low in 1871. It established Black's reputation as a novelist.
 The Programme is a twelve-issue comic book limited series published by Wildstorm. All issues are written by Peter Milligan. All issues are drawn by C. P. Smith.
 Faro's Daughter is a Georgian romance novel by Georgette Heyer which was first published in 1941. The story is set in 1795.
 The Black Hole War: My Battle with Stephen Hawking to Make the World Safe for Quantum Mechanics is a 2008 popular science book by American theoretical physicist Leonard Susskind. The book covers the black hole information paradox and the related scientific dispute between Stephen Hawking and Susskind.
 Serafino is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Egidio Gherlizza. It debuted in 1951 published in the comics magazine Cucciolo as a filler intended for the younger readers. It also named a short-lived eponym comic book series published in Italy by Edizioni Alpe.The comics feature an unlucky and always hungry tramp initially portrayed as kangaroo and that over the years assumed more human appearances.
 The Pacific Sun was founded in 1963 in California and is the second longest running alternative weekly in the nation behind only The Village Voice.[citation needed] With a readership of around 80000 the paper is distributed throughout Marin County just north of San Francisco in the San Francisco Bay Area.Until 2012 the paper was owned by Embarcadero Media who purchased it from longtime owner Steve McNamara in 2004. Sam Chapman former Chief of Staff for U.S.
 JPod is a novel by Douglas Coupland published by Random House of Canada in 2006. Set in 2005 the book explores the strange and unconventional everyday life of the main character Ethan Jarlewski and his team of video game programmers whose last names all begin with the letter 'J'.JPod was adopted as a CBC television series co-written by Douglas Coupland. It premiered on January 8 2008 and ran until its cancellation on March 7 2008 leaving the series with a permanent cliffhanger.
 The Arrival is the 38th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Kim Morris. It is narrated by Ax.The front cover quote is Andalites have reached Earth. Will Ax leave the Animorphs? The inside front cover quote is Now - or never?
 Tinsel is a 1979 novel written by William Goldman. It was the third of a four book deal he had with Delacorte Press after Marathon Man and Magic. He called it my Hollywood novel. He began writing it on April Fools' Day 1978 and finished it five months' later. Goldman says he was motivated to write it to explore the treatment of women in Hollywood.Larry McMurtry reviewing the book for the New York Times said Mr Goldman never gets beneath the stereotypes.
 Accounting Today is a trade magazine servicing the public accounting profession in the United States. Started in 1987 it quickly grew to a circulation of more than 30000. The parent company of Accounting Today is SourceMedia. With over 400 employees Source Media is the publisher of more than 30 periodical brands including several major financial magazines.
 Neighborhood Newspaper Group is the community newspaper publisher based on the Southwest Side of Chicago. The group currently publishes the Journal News which covers Archer Heights Brighton Park and McKinley Park and City Newshound which covers Clearing and Garfield Ridge. Both papers are released weekly every Wednesday. The Journal News was known as Back of the Yards Journal until February 2008 when the publisher moved its headquarters west and shifted focus to the Southwest Side.
 La Nuestra Tierra (Our land) was a weekly newspaper edited by the IDEL (Leonese Studies Institute) between 2000 and 2004. Its content was mainly about the Leonese territory and 30% of it was written in the Leonese language from opinion articles to information on Leonese. A total of 162 issues was published. The journal was supported by the European Union and the Leonese public administrations.
 The Phoenix (stylized as The Phœnix) was the name of several alternative weekly newspapers published in the United States by Phoenix Media/Communications Group of Boston Massachusetts including the Providence Phoenix the Portland Phoenix and the now-defunct Boston Phoenix and Worcester Phoenix.
 The Chessmen of Mars is an Edgar Rice Burroughs science fantasy novel the fifth of his famous Barsoom series. Burroughs began writing it in January 1921 and the finished story was first published in Argosy All-Story Weekly as a six-part serial in the issues for February 18 and 25 and March 4 11 18 and 25 1922. It was later published as a complete novel by A. C. McClurg in November 1922.
 The Twyborn Affair is a novel by Australian Nobel laureate Patrick White first published in 1979. The three parts of the novel are set in a villa on the French Riviera before the First World War a sheep station on the edge of Australia's Snowy Mountains in the inter-war period and in London in the lead-up to the Second World War. White charts the transmigration of a soul through three different identities — Eudoxia Eddie and Eadith — two of them in female guise.
 Putting on the Ritz (1991) is the second book by novelist Joe Keenan. It is a gay-themed comedy about three friends who become involved in the New York City magazine publishing industry.
 Annual Review of Biochemistry is an annual peer reviewed scientific journal published by Annual Reviews a nonprofit scientific publisher. The editor in chief is Roger D. Kornberg (Stanford University). The journal focuses on molecular biology and biological chemistry review articles. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 27.681 ranking it second out of 290 journals in the category Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
 Track of the Zombie is the 71st title of the Hardy Boys written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 The Walk is a play written by Catherine Cunningham-Huston. It was written such that it can be performed in one hour. The play requires an eight-member cast. Characters in the play include Catherine Anne a nun who is involved with activism; Stephanie a writer who suffers from neuroticism; Peter an unemployed film director; and Celestine a woman from Nigeria who is a human trafficking survivor.
 Randamoozham (English: Second Turn Malayalam: രണ്ടാമൂഴം) is a 1984 Malayalam novel by M. T. Vasudevan Nair. It is widely credited as his masterpiece. It was translated into English as Second Turn in 1997. M. T. Vasudevan Nair won Vayalar Award given for the best literary work in Malayalam for the novel in 1985. Later in the year 1995 he was awarded the highest literary award in India Jnanpith Award for his overall contribution to Indian literature.
 In the Presence of Dinosaurs is book that was published in 2000 by Jack Horner.
 Snake Bitten is a book written by Kevin Markwell and Nancy Cushing. The book with interviews form staff and supporters is based around Eric Worrell who established the Australian Reptile Park in 1959.
 The Gatekeeper is a trilogy of books written by Christopher Golden and Nancy Holder based on the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Unfinished Tales (full title Unfinished Tales of Númenor and Middle-earth) is a collection of stories and essays by J. R. R.
 Through the Flames is the third book of forty in the Left Behind: The Kids series written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye in 1998. The plot for this book is based on the Left Behind series.This book starts where Second Chance left off. After finding out that the body in the morgue was not his uncle Andre Lionel Washington starts trying to look for him before it is too late. After a disagreement over the house rules Ryan takes off from Judd's place on his bike.
 Next Sunday is a collection of weekly essays by R. K. Narayan published in 1960. The book provides insights into Narayan's writings and perspectives and the protagonists of his works - the middle class common man. The book also includes his reflections on the themes of and actions in his novels and short stories.
 Smoke is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger writing as Lisa Miscione. It is the fourth and final book featuring Lydia Strong.
 Kangazang! is a humorous science fiction novel by Terry Cooper. This is the second edition of the Kangazang book which is sub-titled Remote Possibilities. It has been revised and expanded featuring much more information about the universe in which it is set and clues to the content of the book's sequel.
 Drome is a fantasy novel written and illustrated by John Martin Leahy. It was first published in book form in 1952 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1000 copies. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Weird Tales in five parts beginning January 1927.
 Mortal Error: The Shot That Killed JFK is a 1992 non-fiction book by Bonar Menninger describing a theory by sharpshooter gunsmith and ballistics expert Howard Donahue that a Secret Service agent accidentally fired the shot that actually killed President John F. Kennedy. Mortal Error was published by St Martin's Press in hardback paperback and audiobook.Menninger is also the author of And Hell Followed With It: Life and Death in a Kansas Tornado which won a Kansas Notable Book Award in 2011.
 Deathstalker is a science fiction novel by British author Simon R. Green.The second in a series of nine novels Deathstalker is part homage to - and part parody of - the classic space operas of the 1950s and deals with the timeless themes of honour love courage and betrayal.
 Babel-17 is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Samuel R. Delany in which the Sapir–Whorf Hypothesis (that language influences thought and perception) plays an important part. It was joint winner of the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1966 (with Flowers for Algernon) and was also nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1967.Delany hoped to have Babel-17 originally published as a single volume with the novella Empire Star but this did not happen until the 2001 reprint.
 Kalki is a Tamil magazine published from Chennai Tamilnadu. The magazine was established by Kalki Krishnamurthy a popular Tamil novelist and Indian freedom fighter. The magazine is known for its publication of historic novels by Kalki such as Ponniyin Selvan and Sivagamiyin Sabadham.[citation needed]
 Democraţia (Romanian for Democracy) was a weekly newspaper from the Republic of Moldova published between December 2001 and April 5 2009. The editors in chief were Ala Mândâcanu (2001–2004) and Cornel Ciurea (2006–2009). The weekly newspaper was close to the Social Liberal Party (Moldova) Cornel Ciurea was serving as a deputy president of the party.
 The Living and the Dead is a novel by Australian Nobel Prize laureate Patrick White his second published book (1941). It was written in the early stages of World War II whilst the author alternated between the United Kingdom and the United States.The Living and the Dead is predominantly set in 1930s London. The Standishes—mother Catherine son Elyot and daughter Eden—lead disparate lives under the one roof.
 La Vieille Fille (The Old Maid) is a novel by the French writer Honoré de Balzac. Written in 1836 it was first published as a serial in La Presse then published by Edmond Werdet in 1837 in Études de mœurs in the section les Scènes de la vie de province.
 The Flash Chronicles is a series of trade paperbacks from DC Comics intended to reprint all Flash (Barry Allen) stories chronologically (based on publication) starting with his earliest appearance. Three volumes have been released beginning in September 2009.
 The Jewish Advocate is a weekly Jewish newspaper serving Greater Boston and the New England area. It was established in 1902 and is the oldest continuously-circulated English-language Jewish newspaper in the United States.
 The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect is a 1994 novella by Roger Williams a computer programmer living in New Orleans. It deals with the ramifications of a powerful superintelligent supercomputer that discovers a method of rewriting the BIOS of reality while studying a little-known quirk of quantum physics discovered during the prototyping of its own specialised processors ultimately heralding a technological singularity.
 Coalescent is a science-fiction novel by Stephen Baxter. It is part one of the Destiny's Children series. The story is set in two main time periods: modern Britain when George Poole finds that he has a previously unknown sister and follows a trail to a mysterious and ancient organisation in Rome (Puissant Order of Holy Mary Queen of Virgins); and the time of Regina a girl growing up during the ending of Roman rule in Britain around AD 400.Coalescent was nominated for the Arthur C.
 Sleazenation was a monthly London based fashion and lifestyle magazine printed by Swinstead Publishing. It was given away for free to clubbers for one and a half years until its launch in 1996 as a high street magazine. It featured bands and artists ranging from underground luminaries such as Genesis P-Orridge to pop acts such as New Order.
 Dengeki Bunko Magazine (電撃文庫MAGAZINE) is a Japanese light novel magazine published by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks). The magazine succeeded the light novel magazine Dengeki hp and originally was published as a special edition issue of Dengeki Daioh for the first two issues; the first issue was released on December 10 2007. Dengeki Bunko Magazine became an independent magazine with the publication of its third volume on April 10 2008.
 Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine (ISSN 1500-709X) is a bi-monthly magazine published in Norway with a circulation of 11000.[citation needed] The magazine covers the oil and gas industry worldwide with a primary focus on Europe. Founded in 1973 it is the oldest oil and gas magazine in Europe. The magazine is published by Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine AS.Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine was established by Paal Gulbrandsen who retired in 2004 and is a family-owned company.
 Transients and Other Disquieting Stories is a collection of dark fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer. It was first published in hardcover and trade paperback by W. Paul Ganley in April 1993. It was nominated for the 1994 World Fantasy Award for Best Collection. An electronic edition was published by Necon E-Books in 2011 as no. 10 of its Necon Classic Horror series.
 Two Worlds (Dva Mira Два ми′ра) is a tragedy in verse by Apollon Maykov first published (in its full form) in February 1882 issue of The Russian Messenger. This final part of the poet's cycle concerning the Paganism against Christianity conlfict received the Russian 1882 Pushkin Prize for literature and was hailed as his most prominent work to date.
 Mid-American Review (MAR) is an international literary journal dedicated to publishing contemporary fiction poetry nonfiction and translations. Founded in 1981 MAR is a publication of the Department of English and the College of Arts & Sciences at Bowling Green State University.
 Rodinsky's Room (ISBN 1862072574) is a non-fiction book by Rachel Lichtenstein and Iain Sinclair. It is an oral history of the neighbourhood of Spitalfields in the East End of London. In it the authors attempt to discover what became of reclusive Jewish scholar David Rodinsky who disappeared in the late 1960s and whose room at 19 Princelet Street was discovered undisturbed 20 years later.
 The Annihilators published in 1983 was the twentieth novel in the long-running secret agent series Matt Helm by Donald Hamilton.
 A Fighting Man of Mars is an Edgar Rice Burroughs science fantasy novel the seventh of his famous Barsoom series. Burroughs began writing it on February 28 1929 and the finished story was first published in Blue Book Magazine as a six-part serial in the issues for April to September 1930. It was later published as a complete novel by Metropolitan in May 1931.
 Lost Dorsai is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson from his Childe Cycle series. It was first published by Ace Books in 1980. The collection includes two stories that originally appeared in the anthology series Destinies one that appeared in the magazine Analog Science Fiction and Fact and an excerpt from Dickson's novel The Final Encyclopedia.
 The Progressive is an American monthly magazine of politics culture and progressivism with a pronounced liberal perspective. Founded in 1909 by Senator Robert Fighting Bob La Follette it was originally called La Follette's Weekly and then simply La Follette's. In 1929 it changed its name to The Progressive.The magazine is known for its strong pacifism. It devotes much coverage to combating war militarism and corporate power.
 A Spell for Chameleon is the first book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.The book won the 1977 British Fantasy Society Award (British August Derleth Fantasy Award) for the best novel of the year.
 Brīvā Daugava is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1949 is a 1949 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. It was the first published anthology to present the best science fiction stories for a given year. The stories had originally appeared in 1948 in the magazines Planet Stories Astounding Blue Book Comment and Thrilling Wonder Stories. The anthology was later combined with the 1950 volume and reissued as Science Fiction Omnibus.
 Sharpe's Fury is Bernard Cornwell's eleventh novel in chronological order after Sharpe's Escape and preceding Sharpe' Battle of Richard Sharpe. Published in August 2006 it returns to the story during the middle of Sharpe's tour of duty during Wellington's campaign in the Iberian peninsula.
 Dekho Bhopal is an Indian weekly newspaper published from Bhopal the capital city of Madhya Pradesh under the editorship of Syed Aquil Ali.The publication began in 2010 as a news website DekhoBhopal.com.
 =Things That Are is a young adult book by Andrew Clements. Released in 2008 by Philomel the book is a sequel to Things Hoped For.
 Bringing Down the House: The Inside Story of Six MIT Students Who Took Vegas for Millions is a book by Ben Mezrich about a group of MIT card counters commonly known as the MIT Blackjack Team. Though the book is classified as non-fiction the Boston Globe alleges that the book contains significant fictional elements that many of the key events propelling the drama did not occur in real life and that others were exaggerated greatly.The book was adapted into the movie 21.
 Kings of All Times is a 1999 historical novel written by the Yemenite writer Sanji Yamdou. The novel focuses on the struggle between a dystopian society and a fascist government. The story follows Sergei Herminov an Estonian Yeminite whose companion Jorge Hernandez is lost in his own made-up fantasy land where he is the king of all times.
 The success of the TV series Buffy and Angel have led to a number of published guidebooks both official and unofficial. Such books are used as sources of information and opinions on the two TV series.
 Time Must Have A Stop is a novel by Aldous Huxley first published in 1944 by Chatto and Windus. It follows the story of Sebastian Barnack a young poet who holidays with his hedonistic uncle in Florence. Many of the philosophical themes discussed in the novel are explored further in Huxley's 1945 work The Perennial Philosophy.
 Amiga Force was a video games magazine launched towards the end of 1992 by Europress Impact. It lasted for 16 issues before going down with its publishers. The first issue of Amiga Force went on sale around September 1992. The magazine would switch to monthly release soon after. Amiga Force showed many similarities to other Europress Impact titles particularly Sega Force.
 Yoshitsune Shin-Takadachi (義経新高館) or Yoshitsune and the New Takadachi is a Japanese jōruri (puppet) play which centers on the conflict between Minamoto no Yoshitsune and his brother Shogun Minamoto no Yoritomo.
 Gerard & Jacques (ジェラールとジャック Gerard to Jacques) is a Japanese shōnen-ai manga written by Fumi Yoshinaga. It first has been published in English by Blu Manga the boys love publishing division of Tokyopop.
 Hopscotch (Spanish: Rayuela) is a novel by Argentine writer Julio Cortázar. Written in Paris it was published in Spanish in 1963 and in English in 1966. For the first U.S. edition translator Gregory Rabassa split the inaugural National Book Award in the translation category.Hopscotch is a stream-of-consciousness novel which can be read according to two different sequences of chapters. This novel is often referred to as a counter-novel as it was by Cortázar himself.
 The Book of Nullification (1830) is work about the prelude to the Nullification Crisis which is written in the style of the King James Bible. The anonymous author was later identified as Christopher Memminger a leader of the opponents during the nullification excitement.
 Lankar of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the sixth in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in June 1975. It is noted for the author writing himself into the story.
 The Tinder Box (1999) is a crime novella by English writer Minette Walters. First published in Dutch as part of their annual BookWeek scheme the story wasn't available in English until 2004.
 Enderby Outside first published in 1968 in London by William Heinemann is the second volume in the Enderby series of comic novels by Anthony Burgess.
 Barakamon (ばらかもん) is a Japanese manga series written by Satsuki Yoshino. The story follows Seishū Handa a calligrapher who moves to the remote Gotō Islands off the western coast of Kyushu and his various interactions with the people of the island.Square Enix has released seven volumes with an eighth to be released in September 2013. A spin-off manga titled Handa-kun will start serialization in Square Enix's Monthly Shonen Gangan magazine. An anime adaptation has been announced.
 The Historical Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press. It publishes approximately thirty-five articles per year on all aspects of British European and world history since the fifteenth century. In addition each issue contains numerous review articles covering a wide range of historical literature.
 The Lost Stories is the eleventh book in the Ranger's Apprentice novel series by Australian author John Flanagan. The book was released in Australia on 3 October 2011 and in New Zealand on 7 October 2011. It is a collection of stories relating to the characters in the Ranger's Apprentice series.
 Ruby Slippers Golden Tears is the third book in a series of collections of re-told fairy tales edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling.
 Saturn Apartments (土星マンション Dosei Mansion) is a 7 volume manga series written and illustrated by Hisae Iwaoka. Saturn Apartments has been seralised in the Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Ikki from 2005 to 2011. It has been collected into 7 tankōbon volumes. Viz Media licensed the manga series for English-language publication in North America and as of November 2012 have released 6 volumes of the series. Saturn Apartments is licensed in Taiwan by Taiwan Tohan Co and Kana in France.
 Rodomonte's Revenge (later retitled Video Trap) is the second novel in the World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen.It was later retitled Video Trap by Macmillan Children's Books in the UK and released on July 9 1999.
 Time Machines Repaired While-U-Wait is a 2008 science fiction novel by Australian writer K. A. Bedford. It follows the story of Spider who repairs time machines for a living until he discovers a corpse inside one of the machines he is fixing - leading the Department of Time and Space to take over the situation.
 Kyrgyz tuusu (Kyrgyz: Кыргыз туусу) is the oldest Kyrgyz language newspaper in Kyrgyzstan. It was first published as Erkin Too in Tashkent on November 7 1924. From August 1927 it was known as Kyzyl Kyrgyzstan (Red Kyrgyzsan) and from 1956 - Sovettik Kyrgyzstan (Soviet Kyrgyzstan). The newspaper received its current name in 1991.
 The Australian Pharmaceutical Formulary (APF) is the official drug formulary used by pharmacists in Australia compiled by the Pharmaceutical Society of Australia. New editions of the APF are released every few years with the latest edition being the 22nd edition.
 Human Biology is a peer reviewed scientific journal and is the official publication of the American Association of Anthropological Genetics. It covers all aspects of biological anthropology including human genetics. It was established by Raymond Pearl in 1929. Beginning with the February 2001 issue Human Biology is available online through Project MUSE. Since 2006 Human Biology is also available through BioOne.
 Hit Parader was an American music magazine focusing on the genres of hard rock and heavy metal. The monthly publication reached its peak in the 1980s as the heavy metal music it covered reached high levels of popularity.
 Red Nails is a 1977 collection of three fantasy short stories and one essay written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The collection was edited by Karl Edward Wagner. It was first published in hardcover by Berkley/Putnam in 1977 and in paperback by Berkley Books the same year.
 The Labourers of Herakles is a 1995 play created by English poet and playwright Tony Harrison. It is partially based on remaining fragments of tragedies by ancient Greek dramatist Phrynichos one of the earliest tragedians.
 The American Journal of Translational Research is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal published by e-Century Publishing Corporation. It covers translational research of medical science and the relevant biomedical research areas.
 Dünya (literally World) is a Turkish newspaper founded in 1981 by Nezih Demirkent who was also its editor-in-chief in his lifetime. The newspaper covers mainly business news and has a circulation of around 55000.
 Critical Reviews in Immunology is a bimonthly scientific journal published by Begell House covering the field of immunology. The editor-in-chief is M. Zoulhair Atassi.
 The Last Defender of Camelot is an anthology of short stories written by science fiction/fantasy writer Roger Zelazny.
 On Ayn Rand is a book about the life and thought of 20th-century philosopher Ayn Rand by scholar Allan Gotthelf. It was published in early 2000 by Wadsworth Publishing (now part of Cengage Learning) in its Wadsworth Philosophers series.
 Miami Psychic: Confessions of a Confidante is a 2006 memoir published by the Regan Books division of HarperCollins. Its authors are listed as Regina Milbourne and Yvonne Carey.The book purports to be the story of a psychic who uses her alleged gifts on behalf of a range of clients and the challenges she faces in doing so.
 The International Bulletin of Missionary Research is an academic journal covering Christian missions published by the Overseas Ministries Study Center. It was established in 1950 by R. Pierce Beaver.
 A Cruel God Reigns (残酷な神が支配する Zankokuna Kami ga Shihai Suru aka. A Cruel God Rules in Heaven) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Moto Hagio. The manga was serialized in Shogakukan's josei manga magazine Petit Flower. Moto Hagio was awarded the first Osamu Tezuka Culture Award Excellence prize in 1997 for A Cruel God Reigns.
 Maintaining was a comic strip by cartoonist Nate Creekmore. Nate is a two-time winner of the Scripps College Cartoonist of the Year and an Associated Press award for achievement in college cartooning. Nate's strip first appeared in the newspaper at Lipscomb University in Nashville. Maintaining was later picked up for syndication through Universal Press Syndicate. It was launched on May 7 2007 and canceled in August 2009 for poor sales.
 March Violets is a historical detective novel and the first written by Philip Kerr featuring detective Bernhard Bernie Gunther. Gunther investigates the murder of the daughter of a wealthy industrialist in Berlin as the 1936 Summer Olympics play out in the city. The major themes of the novel include the every-day violence and anti-Semitism of the regime and the inability or unwillingness of ordinary Germans to act in the face of the coming war.
 Cell Death & Differentiation is a peer reviewed academic journal published by Nature Publishing Group.
 OL Shinkaron (OL進化論 Ōeru Shinkaron) is a yonkoma manga series by Akizuki Risu about OLs or office ladies. It also had a short spin-off series titled Okusama Shinkaron that focused on housewives. Several volumes of OL Shinkaron have been published by Kodansha in a Japanese/English bilingual edition titled Survival in the Office: The Evolution of Japanese Working Women.
 An Age (published in the U.S. as Cryptozoic!) is a 1967 science fiction novel by Brian Aldiss. The book set principally in 2093 combines the popular science fiction themes of time travel totalitarian dystopia and the untapped potential of the human mind. It was nominated for an Ditmar Award in 1969 in the Best International Science Fiction of any length or collection category.
 Emergency Medicine Australasia (until 2005 Emergency Medicine) is a peer-reviewed medical journal of emergency medicine. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell a publishing business of John Wiley & Sons. It is the official journal of the Australasian College for Emergency Medicine and the Australasian Society for Emergency Medicine. The editor-in-chief is Anthony F.T. Brown. The journal is published in 6 issues per year in simultaneous print and online editions.
 Grazia (Italian for Grace) is an Italian weekly women's fashion and celebrity gossip magazine with international editions printed in France Serbia United Kingdom Thailand Spain Poland Bahrain Greece Portugal Japan the Netherlands Indonesia India Bulgaria Croatia Slovenia Macedonia and Germany.In Italy the magazine sells an average of 218000 copies per month. The magazine is also sold in the UK Croatia and Serbia.
 Death Note (デスノート Desu Nōto) is a Japanese manga series created by writer Tsugumi Ohba and manga artist Takeshi Obata. It centers on Light Yagami a high school student who discovers a supernatural notebook the titular Death Note. This notebook grants its user the ability to kill anyone whose name and face they know.
 You Know I Can't Hear You When the Water's Running is a collection of four unrelated one-act comedy plays by Robert Anderson.In The Shock of Recognition playwright Jack Barnstable auditions Richard Pawling for a role that requires nudity and discovers the overeager actor is more than willing to show his stuff. The Footsteps of Doves focuses on Harriet and George a married couple shopping for twin beds after many years of marriage.
 Lord of Dark Places is a novel by Hal Bennett. It deals with the events surrounding a black man from the south who moves to the north. It has been described as a satirical and all but scatological attack on the phallic myth:Then one day Joe woke up and decided to cut his dick off he was just that disgusted with himself.
 A View of the Woods is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was completed in the fall of 1956 and was first published in the Fall 1957 issue of Partisan Review. It was later republished in The Best American Short Stories of 1958 and again in 1965 in O'Connor's short story collection Everything That Rises Must Converge. O'Connor had first submitted it to Harper's Bazaar although she correctly expected that the story was a little grim for the Harper's readership and would be rejected.
 Year's Best SF 9 (ISBN 0-06-057559-X) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2004. It is the ninth in the Year's Best SF series.
 The Gods Themselves is a 1972 science fiction novel written by Isaac Asimov.
 A Spectacle of Corruption is a historical-mystery novel by David Liss set in 18th century London. It is the middle of three novels containing the memoir of the fictional Benjamin Weaver a Jewish former bare-knuckle boxer and current thief-taker (private investigator).
 Karanapaddhati is an astronomical treatise in Sanskrit attributed to Puthumana Somayaji an astronomer-mathematician of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics. The period of composition of the work is uncertain. C.M. Whish a civil servant of the East India Company brought this work to the attention of European scholars for the first time in a paper published in 1834. The book is divided into ten chapters and is in the form of verses in Sanskrit.
 A Clean Well-Lighted Place is a short story by American author Ernest Hemingway first published in Scribner's Magazine in 1933 and also included in his 1933 collection Winner Take Nothing.
 The Houston Chronicle is the largest daily newspaper in Texas United States headquartered in the Houston Chronicle Building at 801 Texas Avenue Houston. As of March 2013 it is the third-largest newspaper by Sunday circulation in the United States.
 The Edge of Tomorrow is a collection of short science fiction stories and science essays by Isaac Asimov published by Tor Books in July 1985.
 Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design is a 2013 book written by award-winning author Charles Montgomery. Gathering insights from the disciplines of psychology neuroscience urban planning and Montgomery’s own social experiments the book makes the case that the manner in which we build our cities alters the way in which we feel think and behave as individuals and as a society.
 Fontamara [fontaˈmaːra] is a 1933 novel by the Italian author Ignazio Silone written when he was a refugee from the Fascist Police in Davos Switzerland.It is Silone's first novel and is regarded as his most famous work. It received worldwide acclaim and sold more than a million and a half copies in twenty-seven languages. It was first published as a German translation in Zurich Switzerland in 1933 and was published in English by Penguin Books in September 1934.
 Magnet is a music magazine which generally focuses on alternative independent or out-of-the-mainstream bands.
 Joseph Smith: Rough Stone Rolling: A Cultural Biography of Mormonism's Founder is a biography of Joseph Smith Jr. founder and prophet of the Latter Day Saint movement by Richard Bushman. Bushman is both a practicing member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and the Gouverneur Morris Professor of History emeritus at Columbia University.
 The name Macaire was first documented as an Irish Saint in the Bible. It appears to have several claims of origin. It was a male name and currently is considered a male or female name. Macaire is a common name for a 12th-century French chanson de geste named for one of its main characters.
 Tropical Fish Hobbyist Magazine (abbreviated as TFH Magazine) is a monthly magazine geared to hobbyist keepers of tropical fish with news and information on a variety of topics including: Care & Maintenance Aquascaping Husbandry Health & Breeding Species Reports Aquarium Technology Aquarium Science Exploration & Collecting. It was first published in September 1952. The magazine contains information on aquariums and fish species that both beginning and advanced hobbyists can use.
 Al-Siyasa is a daily newspaper published in Kuwait. Naji al-Ali worked on it from 1968 to 1974. A recent editor is Ahmad Al-Jarallah [1]Al-Siyasa was also a newspaper in Egypt that was mouthpiece for the Egyptian Liberal Constitutionalist Party in the 1910s and 1920s. [2] Muhammad Husayn Haykal was editor in 1922.
 When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships is a 1999 book by Eric and Leslie Ludy an American married couple. After becoming a bestseller on the Christian book market the book was republished in 2004 and then revised and expanded in 2009. It tells the story of the authors' first meeting courtship and marriage.
 Dexter is a five-issue limited series comic book written by Jeff Lindsay painted by Dalibor Talajic and published by Marvel Comics in 2013. It is based on the popular Dexter novels written by Jeff Lindsay.
 Catalysis Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on catalysis in a wide range of sub-disciplines such as homogeneous heterogeneous and enzymatic catalysis.
 Microsystems was a personal computing magazine founded by Sol Libes and published from January 1980 to November 1984. Oriented toward the home and business personal computer user it included an editorial page letters from readers technical articles and advertisements. As a historical reference it is notable for chronicling in detail the early days of the personal computer.
 The Boys from Brazil is a 1976 thriller novel by Ira Levin. It was subsequently made into a movie of the same title that was released in 1978.
 The Capture published in 1997 and written by K.A. Applegate is the sixth book in the Animorphs series. It is narrated by Jake. The Capture is due to be re-released by Scholastic in March 2012.
 Barack the Barbarian is a comic book series published by Devil's Due Publishing beginning in June 2009. It was written by Larry Hama with art by Christopher Schons.Barack the Barbarian originally appeared in a four-issue mini-series. The story features the 44th President of the United States Barack Obama as a Conan the Barbarian-style figure. It also features politicians like Sarah Palin George W.
 Count Julian (Spanish: Reivindicación del conde don Julián) is a 1970 novel by the Spanish writer Juan Goytisolo. The title refers to Julian count of Ceuta. The book was published in Mexico through Editorial Joaquín Mortiz. It is the second installment in the Álvaro Mendiola trilogy which also includes Marks of Identity and Juan the Landless.
 Polyphemus is a collection of Science fiction fantasy and horror stories by author Michael Shea. It was released in 1987 by Arkham House . It was published in an edition of 3528 copies and was the author's first hardcover book. Most of the stories originally appeared in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 Among the Believers: An Islamic Journey is a book by the Nobel laureate V. S. Naipaul.Published in 1981 the book describes a six-month journey across the Asian continent. V.S. Naipaul explores the culture and the explosive situation in countries where Islamic fundamentalism was growing. His travels start with Iran on to Pakistan Malaysia and end in Indonesia with a short stop in Pakistan and Iran on the return to the UK.After the book's publication Naipaul was awarded the Jerusalem Prize.
 You Can't Park There!: The Highs and Lows of an Air Ambulance Doctor is a behind-the-scenes account of Dr Tony Bleetman's life on board an air ambulance.
 Tokko (特公 Tokkō) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tohru Fujisawa. It was serialized in Kodansha's Afternoon in 2003 and collected into 3 tankōbon volumes.An anime adaptation directed by Masashi Abe animated by AIC Spirits and Group TAC first aired in Japan on April 15 2006 and ran for 13 episodes. The manga was licensed in North America by Tokyopop who released the first volume on July 15 2008.
 The Bookshop (1978) is a novel by Penelope Fitzgerald. The book was shortlisted for the Booker Prize.
 Farewell Summer is a novel by Ray Bradbury published on October 17 2006. It was his last novel released in his lifetime. It is a sequel to his 1957 novel Dandelion Wine and is set during an Indian summer in October 1929. The story concerns a mock war between the young and the old in Green Town Illinois and the sexual awakening of Doug Spaulding as he turns 14.
 Focus on Autism and Other Developmental Disabilities is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editors are Alisa K. Lowrey (University of Louisiana Health Science Center) and Kevin M. Ayres (The University of Georgia). It has been in publication since 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 Science Fiction Carnival is an anthology of humorous science fiction stories edited by Fredric Brown and Mack Reynolds. It was published by Shasta Publishers in 1953 in an edition of 3500 copies. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Super Science Stories Fantasy and Science Fiction Astounding Worlds Beyond Slant Imagination Space Science Fiction Thrilling Wonder Stories and Blue Book.
 Malienas Ziņas is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 The Journal of Counseling Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1954 and covers research in counseling psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Terence J. G. Tracey (Arizona State University).
 Running Blind is a first person narrative espionage thriller novel by English author Desmond Bagley first published in 1970.
 Strangers is a science fiction novel by American author Gardner Dozois published in 1978.The novel was expanded from its original form as a novella which first appeared in New Dimensions IV (edited by Robert Silverberg) in 1974.
 A Flame in Hali is a fantasy novel written by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Deborah J. Ross as part of the Darkover series and is set in the Hundred Kingdoms time period. This book is also part three of the Clingfire Trilogy.In terms of Darkover's timeline the book starts about ten years after Zandru's Forge and is a continuation of that story.
 Stonehenge is a novel in which noted historical novelist Bernard Cornwell imaginatively reconstructs the events of forty centuries ago when the prehistoric site of what is now called Stonehenge was ambitiously rebuilt with stone monoliths replacing wooden poles.The main characters of the novel are Saban and Camaban the young sons of Hengall tribal chief of Ratharryn. They both outsmart their enemies and survive attempts to kill them.
 The Lost Fleet: Relentless is the fifth book in Jack Campbell's The Lost Fleet series. It was published in 2009.
 Get Out of My Sky is a 1957 science fiction novella by James Blish. It was first published by the magazine Astounding Science Fiction in January and February 1957. The story is about two planets Home and Rathe whose inhabitants are in contact and the consequences of this contact are explored.
 This article is about the Henry James short story; for James's autobiographical book with the same name see The Middle Years (book).The Middle Years is a short story by Henry James first published in Scribner's Magazine in 1893. It may be the most affecting and profound of James's stories about writers.
 El Correo Gallego is a Galician newspaper founded in Ferrol Spain by José María Abizanda in 1878; in the 20th century it was moved to the city of Santiago de Compostela. Since June 2001 this newspaper has been distributed throughout Spain together with the daily El Mundo.
 Mass also known as Mass: A Novel is a 1973 historical and political novel written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José. Together with The Pretenders the Mass is the completion of José’s The Rosales Saga which is also known as the Rosales Novels. The literary message of Mass was a society intent only on calculating a man's price is one that ultimately devalues all men.
 In Search of Lost Time (French: À la recherche du temps perdu)—translated previously as Remembrance of Things Past—is a novel in seven volumes by Marcel Proust (1871–1922). His most prominent work it is known both for its length and its theme of involuntary memory the most famous example being the episode of the madeleine. It gained fame in English in translations by C. K.
 The Belles of St. Lemons was a comic strip in the UK comic The Beano first appearing in issue #1495 dated March 13 1971 although the characters themselves had first been introduced in the 1968 edition of The Beano Annual. The title of the series was both a play on the nursery rhyme Oranges and Lemons and Ronald Searle's Belles of St. Trinians cartoons.
 Patti Smith Complete is a lyrics collection by Patti Smith originally published in 1998.
 Fell is a novel written by David Clement-Davies as a follow-up to The Sight. The book was published in 2007 by Amulet Books. It follows the story of Fell a wolf who left his pack after the events of The Sight.
 The Fall (2007) is the seventh novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. In this novel CHERUB agent James Adams is trapped in Russia while his sister Lauren faces danger from human traffickers.
 Nothing's Changed is a poem by Tatamkhulu Afrika. It is part of the AQA GCSE Anthology
 Totem and Taboo: Resemblances Between the Mental Lives of Savages and Neurotics (German: Totem und Tabu: Einige Übereinstimmungen im Seelenleben der Wilden und der Neurotiker) is a 1913 book by Sigmund Freud.
 L'Écho du Cambodge (Echo of Cambodia) was a French language weekly socialist newspaper published from Phnom Penh Cambodia. The newspaper was founded in 1922.In 1929 there was a Vietnamese language supplement to the newspaper for a brief period.In 1937 the director of the newspaper was André Alliès.
 The Tale of a Manor (Swedish: En herrgårdssägen) is an 1899 novel by the Swedish writer Selma Lagerlöf. It tells the story of a young woman who tries to rescue the man she loves from madness caused by shame and sorrow. It was published in English in 1923 in a portmanteau volume titled The Tale of a Manor and Other Sketches. The 1923 film The Blizzard by Mauritz Stiller is loosely based on the novel.
 Girl with a Pearl Earring is a 1999 historical novel written by Tracy Chevalier. Set in 17th century Delft Holland the novel was inspired by Delft school painter Johannes Vermeer's painting Girl with a Pearl Earring. Chevalier presents a fictional account of Vermeer the model and the painting. The novel was adapted into a 2003 film of the same name and a 2008 play of the same name.
 La Blue Girl (淫獣学園 La☆Blue Girl Injū Gakuen La Blue Girl roughly Lewd Beast Academy: La Blue Girl) is an erotic anime and manga series.Based on the manga by Toshio Maeda the La Blue Girl anime like his other hentai series (e.g. Urotsukidōji) features a large amount of tentacle rape. It departs somewhat from its predecessors however by lightening the atmosphere with humor lightly parodying the Tentacle Hentai genre.
 The Castle of Wolfenbach (1793) is the most famous novel written by the English Gothic novelist Eliza Parsons.
 Tunnel in the Sky is a science fiction novel written by Robert A. Heinlein and published in 1955 by Scribner's as one of the Heinlein juveniles. The story describes a group of students sent on a survival test to an uninhabited planet who soon realise they are stranded there. The themes of the work include the difficulties of growing up and the nature of man as a social animal.
 The Daily Hampshire Gazette is a six-day morning daily newspaper based in Northampton Massachusetts and covering all of Hampshire County and southern towns of Franklin County Massachusetts. The newspaper prints Monday through Saturday with the latter labeled Weekend Edition.In addition to its main office just south of downtown Northampton the Gazette maintains an Amherstnews bureau.
 When Religion Becomes Evil is a book by Baptist minister Charles Kimball published in 2002. Kimball is a Professor in the Department of Religion at Wake Forest University and also an Adjunct Professor in the Wake Forest Divinity School. In 2008 he became director of Religious Studies at the University of Oklahoma. Kimball specialises in Islamic Studies.When Religion Becomes Evil examines the role of religion in the world and when it defects from its original purpose.
 The Cancer Journals is a 1980 book of non-fiction by Audre Lorde. It deals with her struggle with breast cancer.
 The Magicians' Guild is the first fantasy novel in The Black Magician series by Trudi Canavan. Published in 2001 it is followed by The Novice (2002) and The High Lord (2003). The book tells the story of Sonea a young dwell from the slums as she discovers her magical potential. When she hurls a stone through a magical barrier accidentally injuring a magician behind it Sonea finds herself on the run from the powerful Magicians' Guild.
 Iranian South Medical Journal (Persian: فصلنامه طب جنوب‎) is a peer-reviewed open access quarterly biomedical publication that was established in 1997. The Iranian South Medical Journal publishes original articles review articles case reports book reviews letters to the editor responses and short communications. Articles focus on diseases especially in the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman region and analysis of various regional problems.
 The Foreign Service Journal is a monthly publication of the American Foreign Service Association. It covers foreign affairs from the perspective of American Foreign Service personnel members of Washington's foreign policy establishment as well as features on living overseas as a foreign affairs professional. The publication currently has a circulation of 17500 with approximately 35000 readers.
 Typee: A Peep at Polynesian Life (1846) is the first book by American writer Herman Melville a classic in the literature of travel and adventure partly based on his actual experiences as a captive on the island Nuku Hiva (which Melville spelled as Nukuheva) in the South Pacific Marquesas Islands in 1842. The title comes from the name of a valley there called Tai Pi Vai. It was Melville's most popular work during his lifetime but made him notorious as the man who lived among the cannibals.
 Pill Hill is a three-act play by American dramatist Sam Kelley. Set in a neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago known informally as Pill Hill the play examines the failures successes and relationships of six African American steel mill workers as they transition from blue-collar jobs to white-collar professions between 1973 and 1983.
 Saint: Why I Should Be Canonized Right Away is an book written by American Catholic radio host Lino Rulli. It was released on September 3 2013 and is the sequel to Rulli's 2011 book Sinner.
 Adam Loveday is a novel by Kate Tremayne and is the first in the Loveday series of books.
 Neuron is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal of neuroscience published by Cell Press. It was established in 1988.
 Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married is an international best selling 1996 novel by Irish author Marian Keyes. It chronicles the life of Lucy Sullivan a 26-year-old perpetually broke unlucky-in-love office worker from London who has a penchant for bad boys a needy alcoholic and flawed father a dead-end job and exasperating flat-mates dippy Charlotte and bossy Karen. The book is written in the first person and is described by Keyes as a sideways sequel to her first novel Watermelon.
 Wormwood is a fantasy sequel to Graham Taylor's Shadowmancer. It follows the adventures of the book's two main protagonists Dr. Sabian Blake and his servant girl Agetta Lamian. The work is a Christian allegory.The work like its predecessor was criticised for attacking other religions. Taylor professed that this work was against the kabbalah which he sees as a practice that leads to Satan.
 I Have Landed (2002) is the 10th and final volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. The essays were culled from his monthly column This View of Life in Natural History magazine to which Gould contributed for 27 years.
 The Journal of Pharmacy Practice is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal that covers the field of pharmacy including new drugs and therapies pharmacokinetics drug administration and adverse drug reactions. The editor-in-chief is Henry Cohen (Long Island University). It was established in 1988 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Shanghai Star (上海英文星报) was a weekly English-language newspaper published in Shanghai China between 1992 and 2006. It was owned and run by its parent the Beijing-based China Daily.
 Gimmick! (ギミック! Gimmikku!) is a Japanese manga written by Yōzaburō Kanari and illustrated by Kuroko Yabuguchi. The manga was serialised in Kodansha's Young Magazine and collected in nine tankōbon volumes by Shueisha released between September 16 2005 and May 18 2007. The series is licensed in North America by Viz Media with nine tankōbon volumes released between June 10 2008 and October 13 2009. The manga is also licensed in Taiwan by Ever Glory Publishing.
 Christopher and His Kind is a memoir published in 1976 by British author Christopher Isherwood who narrates the actual events and experiences of his life between 1929 and 1939 covering among other things his Berlin years - the source of inspiration for some of his most famous novels such as Goodbye to Berlin.Isherwood decided late in his life that he had a moral obligation to renounce the self-censorship he'd wrung around his Berlin novels specifically the excision of any hint of his homosexuality.In the book Isherwood recounts his life experiences as a young gay man enticed by the liberated atmosphere of Weimar Berlin into a quest for sexual and intellectual emancipation and argues that his homosexuality far from marginal private shame to be suppressed was a central element in his human and creative development an identity he cherished and shared with many others (my tribe my kind) with whom he felt a special kinship.This remarkably candid autobiography was in Isherwood's view the way to discharge an obligation he felt due to his kind i.e. 
 La Nación is a Costa Rican newspaper[citation needed]. It is published in San José Costa Rica. The newspaper is a general purpose newspaper and circulates daily all year long except on three Costa Rican holidays Good Friday and the following Saturday and the day after the New Year's Day.
 The Punisher War Journal is the title of two Marvel Comics comic book series featuring the character Frank Castle also known as the Punisher. The first volume published from 1988 to 1995 was spun off of a self-titled series featuring the vigilante's exploits.After this the character went through a number of incarnations in Marvel's imprints such as Marvel Knights and MAX that were outside of regular Marvel continuity.
 Beyond This Horizon is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein. It was originally published as a two-part serial in Astounding Science Fiction (April May 1942 under the pseudonym Anson MacDonald) and then as a single volume by Fantasy Press in 1948.
 The Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by the British Psychological Society. It publishes empirical and conceptual papers which aim to increase understanding of people and organisations at work. It was established in 1976 as the Journal of Occupational Psychology and obtained its current name in 1992.
 B.B. (ビービー Bī Bī) is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Osamu Ishiwata. The manga ran in the Shogakukan magazine Shōnen Sunday from 1985 issue 24 to 1991 issue 9. The title stands for Burning Blood and Ishiwata's subsequent serial LOVe was a continuation of this series. In 1989 B.B. won the Shogakukan Manga Award in the shōnen category.
 Common Time is a science fiction short story written by James Blish. It first appeared in the August 1953 issue of Science Fiction Quarterly and has been reprinted several times: in the 1959 short-story collection Galactic Cluster; in The Testament of Andros (1965); in The Penguin Science Fiction Omnibus (1973); and in Isaac Asimov Presents the Great SF Stories.The story is considered to be an archetype of symbolism in science fiction.
 All Nippon Air Line (楽園30000フィート―All Nippon Air Line Rakuen Sanman Feet - All Nippon Air Line) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kei Azumaya. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on February 26 2008.
 The Code of the Harpers is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The book with product code TSR 9390 was published in 1993 and was written by Ed Greenwood with cover art by Jeff Easley and interior art by Scott Rosema.
 PC Plus was a Computer magazine published monthly from 1986 until September 2012 in the UK by Future plc. The magazine was aimed at intermediate to advanced PC users computer professionals and enthusiasts. The magazine was specifically for users of PCs and related technologies so features articles were undiluted by coverage of other platforms.
 Daily Desher Katha (Bengali: ডেইলি দেশের কথা Ḍeili Desher Kôtha) is a Bengali daily newspaper published from Agartala.
 If They Give You Lined Paper Write Sideways is a book by Daniel Quinn author of Ishmael. It is presented as a dialog between Quinn and a reader of his books and is intended to answer the question How do you do what you do?The title is quite similar to a quotation attributed to Juan Ramón Jiménez (24 December 1881 – 29 May 1958): If they give you ruled paper write the other way.
 The Reformatorisch Dagblad is a Dutch protestant newspaper with a circulation of around 60000 headquartered in Apeldoorn. The conservative newspaper was founded in 1971 and is associated with the Reformed Political Party; it is one of only a handful daily national papers remaining in the Netherlands. To honor the day of rest pages on their website are not available on Sundays.
 Penthouse a men's magazine founded by Bob Guccione combines urban lifestyle articles and softcore pornographic pictorials that in the 1990s evolved into hardcore. Penthouse is owned by FriendFinder Network formerly known as General Media Inc. whose parent company was Penthouse International Inc. prior to chapter 11 restructuring. Although Guccione was American the magazine was founded in 1965 in the United Kingdom but beginning in September 1969 was sold in the United States as well.
 Eaten Alive is the first book in the Galaxy of Fear series by John Whitman set in the Star Wars galaxy shortly after Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
 La Satanica (ラ・サタニカ Ra・Satanika) is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Momoko Tenzen. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its June imprint on 9 September 2009.
 The Phoenix and the Mirror was published in 1969 and is the first novel in the first Vergil Magus series written by Avram Davidson.
 A Piece of Steak was a short story written by Jack London which first appeared in the Saturday Evening Post in November of 1909. It took him about half a month to write it and earned him five hundred dollars.
 This article is about the 1957 book. For the bridge itself see Brücke von AndauThe Bridge at Andau is a 1957 nonfiction book by James Michener chronicling the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. Michener was living in Austria in the 1950s.
 Algorithms is a peer-reviewed open access mathematics journal covering all aspects of algorithm studies including theory experiment design analysis and results.Coverage also includes computer data information systems software engineering artificial intelligence automation and control systems.The journal is published by MDPI and was established in 2008. The editor-in-chief is Kazuo Iwama (Kyoto University).
 Anatomy of a Disappearance is the second novel by the award-winning Libyan writer Hisham Matar first published in 2011 by Viking an imprint of Penguin Books.
 Buffalo Gals Won't You Come Out Tonight is a science fiction novelette by Ursula K. Le Guin originally published in the November 1987 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and collected in Buffalo Gals and Other Animal Presences.It won the Hugo Award for Best Novelette and the World Fantasy Award for Best Novella in 1988 and was nominated for the Nebula Award and the Theodore Sturgeon Award.
 Comic Champ (Korean: 코믹챔프 Komik Chaempeu lit. Comic Champ) is a biweekly magazine published in South Korea by Daiwon C.I.. It specializes in serializations of domestic Korean and imported Japanese comics. Titles serialized in Comic Champ are collected into volumes and published under the Champ Comics imprint.
 Molotov Cocktail is a quarterly magazine published in South Africa. Molotov Cocktail is edited by James Sanders (initially with the help of Ronald Suresh Roberts and later alone).
 The Threat Within by Jude Watson is the eighteenth and final book in the Jedi Apprentice series of young reader novels. It was released on March 1 2002. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 This Is Your Brain On Music: The Science of a Human Obsession is a popular science book written by the McGill University neuroscientist Daniel J. Levitin and first published by Dutton Penguin in the U.S. and Canada in 2006 and updated and released in paperback by Plume/Penguin in 2007.
 The Shattered Sphere is a science fiction book by the author Roger MacBride Allen. It is the second of The Hunted Earth series preceded by The Ring of Charon.
 Kraken is a fantasy novel by British author China Miéville. It is published in the UK by Macmillan and in the US by Del Rey Books. The book bears the subtitle An Anatomy on the title page. It was the winner for the 2011 Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel.Miéville has described the book as a dark comedy about a squid-worshipping cult and the end of the world. It takes the idea of the squid cult very seriously.
 The Eagle's Prey is the fifth book in the Eagle Series by Simon Scarrow.
 Thud! is Terry Pratchett's 34th Discworld novel released in the United States of America on September 13 2005 the United Kingdom on 1 October 2005. Thud! was released in the U.S. three weeks before it was released in Pratchett's native UK to coincide with a United States signing tour. It was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 2006.In 2010 Thud! won the Discworld Cup finals.
 For the Michael Jackson song of the same name see E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (album).Someone in the Dark is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1941 and was the second book published by Arkham House. 1115 copies were printed. An additional 300 copies were printed in offset by Hunter Publishing Co. in Winston-Salem NC in 1965. The 1965 edition is scarce but is not an official Arkham House publication.
 A History of the Arab Peoples is a book written by the British-born Lebanese historian Albert Hourani.The book presents the history of the Arabs from the advent of Islam (although some pre-Islamic history is included) to the late 20th Century.
 Titser (Teacher) is a Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Liwayway A. Arceo. It first appeared as a serial on the pages of Liwayway magazine during the 1950s. In 1995 the 150-page novel was published in book form at Quezon City Manila in the Philippines by the Ateneo de Manila University Press.
 Yellow Card Man is a science fiction novelette published in 2006 by Paolo Bacigalupi. It was nominated for the 2007 Hugo Award for Best Novelette. The story serves as a prequel for Bacigalupi's novel The Windup Girl.
 The Pupil is a short story by Henry James first published in Longman's Magazine in 1891. It is the emotional story of a precocious young boy growing up in a mendacious and dishonorable family. He befriends his tutor who is the only adult in his life that he can trust. James presents their relationship with sympathy and insight and the story reaches what some would consider the status of classical tragedy.
 The Jersey Evening Post (informally the JEP) is a local newspaper published six days a week in the Bailiwick of Jersey. It was printed in broadsheet format for 87 years though it is now of compact (tabloid) size. Its strapline is: At the heart of island life.
 The Bronze God of Rhodes is an historical novel by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1960 and in paperback by Bantam Books in 1963. A trade paperback edition was projected by Starblaze for 1983 but never published. The book was reissued as a trade paperback and ebook by Phoenix Pick in 2013. It is the second of de Camp's historical novels in order of writing and fourth chronologically.
 Loose Ends (2001) is the first original novel based on the Roswell TV series.
 Murder in Millennium VI is a science fiction novel by author Curme Gray. It was published in 1951 by Shasta Publishers in an edition of 2500 copies and included in a Mystery Guild omnibus edition. The novel was the subject of an extensive analysis in Damon Knight's In Search of Wonder (1956).
 Bloodletting & Miraculous Cures is a short story collection by Vincent Lam published in 2006. The book inspired by Lam's own experiences in medical school and as a professional physician is a volume of interconnected short stories about the lives and relationships of Fitzgerald Ming Chen and Sri four young medical students in Toronto.Bloodletting won the 2006 Scotiabank Giller Prize.
 Hello Out There! is a one-act play by the Armenian-American playwright William Saroyan written early in August 1941.
 Applied Psycholinguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of psycholinguistics. It covers research on all aspects of this field including language development and language disorders especially studies made from a cross-language perspective. The journal was established in 1980 and is published quarterly by Cambridge University Press. The current editor-in-chief is Martha Crago (Dalhousie University).
 Macleans redirects here. For the toothpaste see GlaxoSmithKline.Maclean's is a Canadian weekly news magazine reporting on Canadian issues such as politics pop culture and current events.
 Water Research is a journal of the International Water Association and publishes research on the science and technology of water quality and its management.
 The Harvard Journal of Law & Technology (Bluebook abbreviation: Harv. J.L. & Tech.) is a biannual law journal established at Harvard Law School in 1988. It covers all aspects of technology law including intellectual property biotechnology privacy law computer law cybercrime antitrust space law telecommunications the Internet and e-commerce.
 The Journal of Psychiatry & Neuroscience is a bimonthly open access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in psychiatry and neuroscience concerning the mechanisms involved in the etiology and treatment of psychiatric disorders. The journal was established in 1976 as the Psychiatric Journal of the University of Ottawa and obtained its current title in 1991.
 Masters of Doom: How Two Guys Created an Empire and Transformed Pop Culture is a book by David Kushner about id Software and its influence on popular culture focusing chiefly on the company's co-founders John D. Carmack and John Romero.An audiobook version of Masters of Doom narrated by actor Wil Wheaton was released on May 15 2012 by Audiobooks.com.
 Nuts was a British lads' mag published weekly in the United Kingdom and sold every Tuesday. Nuts marketing campaign at its launch in 2004 used the slogan When You Really Need Something Funny.The magazine closed in April 2014.
 A Vision of Battlements is a 1965 novel by Anthony Burgess based on his experiences during World War II in Gibraltar where he was serving with the British army. It is Burgess's first novel. While not published until 1965 Burgess wrote it in 1949. As he explains I was empty of music but itching to create. So I wrote this novel...to see if I could clear my head of the dead weight of Gibraltar.
 Mushi-Uta (ムシウタ Mushiuta) is a light novel series by Kyouhei Iwai with illustrations by Ruroo. There is also a short story light novel series called Mushi-Uta bug that is serialized in The Sneaker magazine. A manga adaptation by Seijuro Miz is serialized in Shōnen Ace magazine. An anime television series adaptation directed by Kazuo Sakai began airing on July 5 2007.
 Latitude Zero is the twelfth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 Another Man's Treasure is a mystery-romance novel written by James V. O'Connor and published in August 2011. It follows Ted McCormick a married home organizer in Albany New York as he searches for unknown highly valuable objects in an old Victorian mansion. While doing so he fights his growing feelings for another client a flirtatious divorcee. The book received largely positive reviews for both suspense and realistic emotional relationships.
 Krapp's Last Tape is a one-act play in English by Samuel Beckett. With a cast of one man it was written for Northern Irish actor Patrick Magee and first titled Magee monologue.
 Micro a techno-thriller published posthumously in 2011 is Michael Crichton's final novel. Upon his death in 2008 an untitled unfinished manuscript was found on his computer which would become Micro and complete his two-book deal with publisher HarperCollins. HarperCollins chose science-writer Richard Preston to complete the novel from Crichton's remaining notes and research and it was finally published in 2011.
 Marvel Zombies Return is a weekly five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in late 2009. It is part of the Marvel Zombies series of comic books.
 Hot Rod is an American monthly magazine devoted to hot rodding —modifying automobiles for performance and appearance.
 A Nursery Tale (Russian: Сказка Skazka) is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov first published in the expatriate Russian newspaper Rul' on 27 and 29 June 1926 and in the book form in The Return of Chorb in 1930. The English translation by the author and his son Dmitri Nabokov has appeared in 1975 in collection Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories.
 Angry Lead Skies is the tenth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 1+2＝Paradise (1+2=パラダイス Ichi tasu Ni wa Paradaisu) is a manga series by Sumiko Kamimura (ja). The story has been adapted into two original video animations (OVAs) released by Toei Video a subsidiary of the Toei Company.Because of the sexual content the series was one of the manga placed on Harmful manga lists by local and national governmental agencies. The negative publicity resulted in Kodansha discontinuing the series.
 The Wonderful Visit is an 1895 novel by H. G. Wells. With an angel—a creature of fantasy—as protagonist and taking place in contemporary England the book could be classified as contemporary fantasy although the genre was not recognised in Wells's time. The Wonderful Visit also has strong satirical themes gently mocking customs and institutions of Victorian England as well as idealistic rebellion itself.
 Contrafort is a magazine based in Chişinău Moldova. It was launched in October 1994. Contrafort promotes a modern critical spirit while focusing on the contemporary literature and culture of the Republic of Moldova.
 Winter of Fire is a non-fiction book detailing the kidnapping of U.S. General James L. Dozier in Italy in 1981.
 Oishinbo (美味しんぼ lit. The Gourmet) is a long-running cooking manga written by Tetsu Kariya and drawn by Akira Hanasaki. The manga's title is a portmanteau of the Japanese word for delicious oishii and the word for someone who loves to eat kuishinbo. The series depicts the adventures of culinary journalist Shirō Yamaoka and his partner (and later wife) Yūko Kurita.
 Witches Abroad is the twelfth Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett originally published in 1991.
 Dark Avenues (or Dark Alleys Russian: «Тёмные аллеи» Tyomnyye allei) is a collection of short stories by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin written in 1937–1944 mostly in Grasse France first 11 novellas of which were published in New York United States in 1943. The book's full version (27 stories added to the first 11) came out in 1946 in Paris.
 John Carter Warlord of Mars is a Marvel Comics series created in 1977 by Marv Wolfman (writer) and Gil Kane (penciller) based on the Barsoom series of Edgar Rice Burroughs and featuring the eponymous character.The entire series (with few exceptions) takes place between the third and fourth paragraphs of chapter 27 of Burroughs' novel A Princess of Mars.
 The Sporting Life was an American weekly newspaper published from 1883 to 1917 and from 1922 to 1924 that provided national coverage on sports with a particular focus on baseball and trap shooting. The masthead on the front page of newspaper displayed the motto (shown in image at right): Devoted To Base Ball Trap Shooting and General Sports. It was founded in Philadelphia in 1883 by Francis Richter Thomas Sotesbury Dando and August Rudolph.
 The Immortal (original Spanish title: El inmortal) is a short story by noted Argentinian author Jorge Luis Borges first published in February 1947 and later in the collection El Aleph in 1949. The story tells about a character who mistakenly achieves immortality and then weary of a long life struggles to lose it and writes an account of his experiences. The story consists of a quote an introduction five chapters and a post script.
 The Vagenda is a feminist online magazine launched in January 2012. It uses the tagline Like King Lear but for girls taken from Grazia magazine's summary of the film The Iron Lady starring Meryl Streep. The Vagenda is run by British journalists Holly Baxter and Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett founded by ten London-based women journalists in their twenties and now written by a large group of anonymous contributors from all over the world both women and men.
 Wild Act is a ten-volume manga series by Rie Takada and was the first of her series to be translated in English. It was translated by Tokyopop who opted not to renew the license once it expired.
 Leadership is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Management Studies. The journal's editors are David Collinson (University of Lancaster) and Keith Grint (University of Warwick). It has been in publication since 2005 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse (first published in 1988 with three subsequent editions the last being a 20th anniversary edition in 2008) is a popular self-help book by poet Ellen Bass and Laura Davis that focuses on recovery from child sexual abuse. The authors claim that individuals (mainly women) with a general set of symptoms are assumed to have been abused but the memories of which have been repressed.
 Assassin's Creed: The Fall is an American comic book mini-series consisting of three issues published by Wildstorm.
 EuroChoices is a peer-reviewed academic journal published thrice annually by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Agricultural Economics Society and the European Association of Agricultural Economists. The journal was established in 2001. The journal covers agricultural and rural research ideas and policy deliberation. The journal was founded in order to engage with the changes in European agri-food industries and rural areas.
 IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (TPAMI) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Computer Society. It covers research in computer vision and image understanding pattern analysis and recognition and machine intelligence.
 The Chymical Wedding of Christian Rosenkreutz (Chymische Hochzeit Christiani Rosencreutz anno 1459) was edited in 1616 in Strasbourg and its anonymous authorship is attributed to Johann Valentin Andreae.
 Ultimate Comics: X is a limited series from Marvel Comics written by Jeph Loeb with pencils by Art Adams originally planned as an ongoing bi-monthly series.The story picks up after the events in Ultimatum and serves as a quasi-sequel/spin-off of Ultimate X-Men. Originally scheduled to be published bi-monthly alternating months with Loeb's other Ultimate title Ultimate Comics: New Ultimates X suffered from long repeated delays and became instead a prologue to Ultimate Comics: X-Men.
 The Chino Champion along with the Chino Hills Champion is a weekly newspaper serving the Chino Valley area of Southern California. The Champion is a legally adjudicated general interest newspaper publishing local Chino Valley news and advertising. The Champion publishes every Saturday morning and is zoned into Chino and Chino Hills editions to meet the needs of the residents of both cities.
 The Suffolk Journal is the undergraduate student newspaper of Suffolk University since 1939. The Journal prints a 16-page weekly newspaper distributed across campus and Beacon Hill.The Journal is currently located in the Donahue building on Temple Street close to the Massachusetts State House. Students across different majors help to put the paper together every week. Students are encouraged to send in their articles or opinion pieces.
 Drums in the Night (Trommeln in der Nacht) is a play by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht. Brecht wrote it between 1918 and 1920 and it received its first theatrical production in 1922. It is in the expressionist style of Ernst Toller and Georg Kaiser.
 Torture: Journal on Rehabilitation of Torture Victims and Prevention of Torture is a peer-reviewed medical journal on rehabilitation of torture victims and prevention of torture published triannually by the International Rehabilitation Council for Torture VictimsThe journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE/PubMed. It was established in 1991 as Torture: Quarterly Journal on Rehabilitation of Torture Victims and Prevention of Torture and obtained its current title in 2004.
 Blue Horizon is a 2003 novel by Wilbur Smith.
 The Hidden Reality is a book by Brian Greene published in 2011 which explores the concept of the multiverse and the possibility of parallel universes. It has been nominated for the Royal Society Winton Prize for Science Books for 2012.
 Cien sonetos de amor (100 Love Sonnets) is a collection of sonnets written by the Chilean poet and Nobel Laureate Pablo Neruda originally published in Argentina in 1959. Dedicated to his beloved wife (at the time) Matilde Urrutia it is divided into the four stages of the day: morning afternoon evening and night.The sonnets have been translated into English numerous times by various scholars.
 The Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology (JVP) was founded in 1980 at the University of Oklahoma by Dr. Jiri Zidek. It is a scientific journal that publishes original contributions on all aspects of the vertebrate paleontology including vertebrate origins evolution functional morphology taxonomy biostratigraphy paleoecology paleobiogeography and paleoanthropology.
 The Shadow-Line is a short novel based at sea by Joseph Conrad; it is one of his later works being written from February to December 1915. It was first published in 1916 as a serial in New York's Metropolitan Magazine (September—October) in the English Review (September 1916-March 1917) and published in book form in 1917 in the UK (March) and America (April).
 Soccer America is an American magazine devoted to soccer. It was founded in the early 1970s. Its primary focus is soccer in the United States but it also covers the international game extensively. It was begun by publisher Clay Berling during a period of increased interest in youth soccer and new pro leagues. It has been a primary source of information for American pro soccer leagues from the NASL to Major League Soccer.
 The 80s: A Look Back at the Tumultuous Decade 1980-1989 is a humor book published in 1979.It was edited by Tony Hendra Christopher Cerf and Peter Elbling with art direction by Michael Gross. Contributors to the book included Henry Beard Valerie Curtin Amy Ephron Jeff Greenfield Abbie Hoffman Sean Kelly B.
 Join the Bar is a 2011 novel written by Brajesh Rajak a final year student of National Law School of India University Bangalore. It is a fictional account of the lives of 3 law students in a premier law institute in India. This novel is considered to be the first novel based on legal education system in India. Brajesh Rajak has also written a law book titled XXX Must not be Tolerated.
 A Collegiate Casting-Out of Devilish Devices is a Discworld short story by Terry Pratchett. The story describes the reaction of the wizards of the Unseen University to a proposal from the Patrician to introduce regulation of university education. It references the government inspector A. E. Pessimal who goes on to have a significant role in Thud!It was first published in the May 13th 2005 issue of The Times Higher Education Supplement and can be found in certain editions of Snuff.
 The Speed of Darkness is a play written by Steve Tesich.
 Hiroki Endo's Tanpenshu (遠藤浩輝短編集 Endō Hiroki Tanpenshū translation: Hiroki Endo's Short Stories Collection) is a collection of various short manga by Hiroki Endo spanning two tankōbon volumes.
 Soren Kierkegaard published his Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses throughout the years 1843 and 1844. He followed the Socratic Method by publishing his own view of life under his own name and different views of life under pseudonyms.
 The Tripoli Post first appeared in 1999. It is meant to be a newspaper of substance. Its objective is to communicate Libya’s news and views to the rest of the world.The Tripoli Post and The Tripoli Post Online focuses on serving readers by making information available with regard to Libya’s politics business culture sports history and the country’s dynamic growing population. This is in addition to covering world events.The Tripoli Post is about men women youth children and the elderly.
 Again to Carthage is a novel by American author John L. Parker Jr. initially published April 1 2008. It is the sequel to 1978 book Once a Runner.
 Jude is a 2004 young-readers' novel by Kate Morgenroth published by Simon & Schuster. It revolves around the title character's experiences with his abusive drug-dealing father distant mother and the time Jude spends in prison after being framed.
 History Lesson is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1949.The two-part story speculates on the cooling of the Sun as a doomsday scenario for Earth and an evolutionary advent for Venus.
 Expert Review of Anticancer Therapy is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of cancer therapy. It was established in 2001 and is published by Informa. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.066.
 Sactown Magazine is a bi-monthly publication based on the various cultural offerings of Sacramento California. It started in December 2006 and regularly publishes rich articles vibrant photographs and interesting facts about the city.
 Mr. Wilson's Cabinet Of Wonder: Pronged Ants Horned Humans Mice on Toast and Other Marvels of Jurassic Technology is a book by Lawrence Weschler primarily about The Museum of Jurassic Technology and more broadly the history and role of museums.
 Reviews in Mathematical Physics is a journal founded in 1989 by Huzihiro Araki of the Kyoto University. It is published by World Scientific and covers various topics in the field of mathematical physics.
 The Singing Tree is a children's novel by Kate Seredy the sequel to The Good Master. Also illustrated by Seredy it was a Newbery Honor book in 1940. Set in rural Hungary four years after The Good Master it continues the story of Kate and Jancsi showing the effect of World War I on the people and land.
 Non Non Biyori (のんのんびより lit. Non Non Weather) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Atto. The series began publication in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive magazine from November 2009. The story is based on the same setting as Atto's former work Toko-toko. A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Silver Link aired in Japan between October and December 2013 and has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks. A second anime season is in production.
 It Gets Better: Coming Out Overcoming Bullying and Creating a Life Worth Living is a non-fiction compilation book edited by Dan Savage and his husband Terry Miller. It was published March 22 2011 by Dutton. The book includes selections of essays inspired by the It Gets Better Project founded by Savage. He decided to start the project after a series of incidents of suicide among LGBT youth.
 Mao: A Reinterpretation is a biography of the Chinese communist revolutionary and politician Mao Zedong written by Lee Feigon an American historian of China then working at Colby College. It was first published by Ivan R. Dee in 2002 and would form the basis of Feigon's 2006 documentary Passion of the Mao.Revisionist in content Feigon's book aimed to highlight the achievements of Mao's government.
 Death in Ecstasy is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the fourth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1936.When lovely Cara Quayne dropped dead to the floor after drinking the ritual wine at the House of the Sacred Flame she was having a religious experience of a sort unsuspected by the other initiates.
 Who We Are: A Citizen's Manifesto is a 2009 book by Rudyard Griffiths. In it Griffiths argues that Canada has become a “postmodern state”—a nation that downplays its history and makes few demands on its citizens allowing them to find their allegiances where they may in their region their ethnic group or the language they speak.
 Parkett is an international magazine specializing in contemporary art.
 Der Baltimore Wecker was a daily paper published in the German languagein Baltimore Maryland. It was the object of violence in the civil unrest at Baltimore in April 1861 that produced the first bloodshed of the American Civil War.
 From the Mouth of the Whale (Icelandic: Rökkurbýsnir) is a 2008 novel by the Icelandic writer Sjón. The English translation was shortlisted for the 2012 Independent Foreign Fiction Prize. and the 2013 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
 Wszechświat (The Universe) is a Polish popular-science magazine currently issued as quarterly by Polish Copernicus Society of Naturalists supported by AGH University of Science and Technology and Polish Academy of Learning.
 Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz is the fourth book set in the Land of Oz written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by John R. Neill. It was published on June 18 1908 and reunites Dorothy with the humbug Wizard from The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
 Time and Again is a 1970 illustrated novel by Jack Finney. The many illustrations in the book are real though as explained in an endnote not all are from the 1882 period in which the actions of the book take place. It had long been rumored that Robert Redford would convert the book into a movie. The project has never come to fruition.
 Horrible Science is a spin-off series of books of Horrible Histories written by Nick Arnold (with the exception of Evolve or Die which is written by Phil Gates) illustrated by Tony de Saulles and published in the UK and India by Scholastic. They are designed to get children interested in science by concentrating on the trivial unusual gory or unpleasant. Amazon.com reviews of books in the series sometimes attribute their children's interested in science to the series.
 Good Morning Call (グッドモーニング・コール) is a shōjo manga series created by Yue Takasuka. Part of the story has been adapted into an OVA.In 2007 the author created a sequel manga: Good Morning Kiss (グッドモーニング・キス) is serialized in Cookie. As of September 2011 eight volumes have been released.
 The Ring Volume 0: Birthday is the 5th installment of The Ring manga series based on the Japanese film of the same name. The antagonist of previous ring films & manga Sadako Yamamura is now the protagonist it explores the origin of the cursed video her early life and the development of her powers. Both the film and manga are loosely based on the Ring Novel Series by Koji Suzuki.
 The Romsey Advertiser is a local weekly newspaper for the town of Romsey and surrounding areas in Hampshire England.It was established in 1896 as part of the Andover Advertiser. It became a separate publication in 1901.Photographs became a regular feature in the 1960s. Colour was introduced in the early 1990s. It was a broadsheet paper until 2007 when it became compact-sized.The paper is currently published every Friday.
 The Bamboo Annals (Chinese: 竹書紀年; pinyin: Zhúshū Jìnián) also called the Jizhong Annals (Chinese: 汲冢紀年) is a chronicle of ancient China.It begins at the earliest legendary times (the Yellow Emperor) and extends to 299 BC with the later centuries focussing on the history of the State of Wei in the Warring States period. It thus covers a similar period to Sima Qian's Records of the Grand Historian (91 BC).
 Philip and the Others (Dutch: Philip en de anderen) is a 1954 novel by Dutch writer Cees Nooteboom. It was Nooteboom's first novel. He wrote the first chapter when working in a bank sent it to a publisher and was offered 300 guilders to finish the book which then took two months. The book won the Anne Frank Prize.
 What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank is a 2012 short story collection by American writer Nathan Englander. It was first published on February 7 2012 through Knopf and collects eight of Englander's short stories including the titular What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank. It was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction losing to Adam Johnson's The Orphan Master's Son.
 Creature of the Night is a young adult novel by Kate Thompson. It was first published by Bodley Head on June 5 2008. It was shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal and the 2008 Booktrust Teenage Prize.
 Flush: A Biography an imaginative biography of Elizabeth Barrett Browning's cocker spaniel is a cross-genre blend of fiction and nonfiction by Virginia Woolf published in 1933.
 Asuka Fantasy DX or simply Fantasy DX was a Japanese shōjo manga magazine. It was previously distributed by the Kadokawa Shoten but then it was cancelled. The volumes that compile histories of this magazine took the seal of Asuka Comic DX.This magazine used to publish titles of adventure and science fiction for example Angelique and Cowboy Bebop.
 The Complete Fighter's Handbook is a supplemental rulebook published in 1989 for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Book of Challenges (ISBN 0786926570) is a supplemental rulebook for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game that presents a number of ready-made dungeon encounters that a Dungeon Master can insert into a scenario.
 The Compendium of American Genealogy First Families of America (1925–1942) by Frederick Adams Virkus is a seven volume collection of American lineage records intended as a standard genealogical history of the United States. The records span eight or nine generations from the early 17th century to the mid-20th. Originally a project of Marquis's Who's Who in America it was later taken over by Virkus’s own Institute of American Genealogy.
 Spring and Port Wine is a stage play by Bill Naughton which was turned into a film (1970).It began life under the title My Flesh My Blood as a BBC Radio play broadcast on 17 August 1957 in the Saturday Night Theatre strand.
 Mouryou Kiden: Legend of the Nymph (魍魎姫伝 Mōryō Kiden) is a manga by Tamayo Akiyama a former member of the all-female Japanese manga artist group Clamp.
 Till Death Do Us Part first published in 1944 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery.
 I Am Mary Dunne (1968) is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore about one day in the life of a beautiful and well-to-do 31-year-old Canadian woman living in New York City with her third husband a successful playwright.
 The Linacre Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1932. It is the official journal of the Catholic Medical Association and primarily focuses on the relationship between medicine and spirituality and in particular on medical ethics. The journal is named after Thomas Linacre the English physician and Catholic priest who founded the Royal College of Physicians.
 Săptămîna (The Week in Romanian) was a newspaper published in the Socialist Republic of Romania focusing on Bucharest's cultural scene. During the 1980s the leading editors were Eugen Barbu and Corneliu Vadim Tudor and the newspaper had very strong pro-Nicolae Ceaușescu and National Communist views and it attacked and slandered detractors of Ceaușescu both those living in Romania and those living in the exile.
 Complete Warrior is a supplemental rulebook for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game published by Wizards of the Coast. It replaces and expands upon an earlier rulebook entitled Sword and Fist.
 Ringworld is a 1970 science fiction novel by Larry Niven set in his Known Space universe and considered a classic of science fiction literature. It is followed by three sequels and four prequels and ties into numerous other books set in Known Space. Ringworld won the Nebula Award in 1970 as well as both the Hugo Award and Locus Award in 1971.
 The Knight of the Sacred Lake is a 2001 historical fantasy novel by Rosalind Miles.
 Montana 1948 is a 1993 novella by Larry Watson. The novella focuses on the life of young Montanan David Hayden his family and the fictional town of Bentrock Montana and focuses on the struggles of a family torn between loyalty and justice. It was awarded the Milkweed National Fiction Prize.
 Invasion is a 2000 novel by American author Eric L. Harry detailing a fictional invasion of the United States of America by the People's Republic of China.
 A Sleeping Life is a crime-novel by British writer Ruth Rendell first published in 1978. It features her popular investigator Detective Inspector Wexford and is the tenth novel in the series. It was shortlisted for the Mystery Writers' Of America Edgar Award making it one of only two Inspector Wexford novels ever to have been shortlisted for either of the big two crime-fiction awards the Edgar or the CWA Gold Dagger despite the series' huge commercial popularity.
 National Lampoon Songbook was an American humorous songbook which was issued in 1976. Although it appears to be a book in its own right it was a special issue of National Lampoon magazine and as such it was only sold on newsstands. People who had a subscription to the magazine would still have to buy these special issues; they were not included in the subscription.Many of the songs in the songbook were from the musical stage show Lemmings.
 Barn (Welsh for 'Opinion') is a monthly Welsh language current affairs magazine. It was established in 1962 and over 500 issues have been published. Its first editor was Emlyn Evans and it was published by Llyfrau'r Dryw Llandybie (later Swansea).
 For other articles of the same name refer to Ernesto.Ernesto is an unfinished novel by Umberto Saba written in 1953 but not published until 1975 long after the author’s death.
 Saving Fish From Drowning is a 2005 novel written by Amy Tan. It is Tan's sixth and most recent work. The book is about twelve American tourists that travel to China and Burma.The novel was awarded an honorable mention from the Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature.
 The Bad Child's Book of Beasts is an 1896 children's book written by Hilaire Belloc. Humorously illustrated by Basil Temple Blackwood the superficially naive verses give tongue-in-cheek advice to children. In the book the animals tend to be sage-like and the humans dull and self-satisfied.
 Accounting Organizations and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier. Its editor-in-chief is Christopher Chapman (Imperial College London).
 To Outrun Doomsday is a science fiction novel written by Kenneth Bulmer. It was first published in 1967.
 The Jaz Parks series is an urban fantasy collection of spy-fi novels by American author Jennifer Rardin. The series is set in a contemporary world in which mythological beings such as vampires and several less famous creatures are real and follows the efforts of the Central Intelligence Agency to combat paranormal threats to national security.The focus of the tale is CIA operative Jasmine Jaz Parks who is regularly partnered with her boss the enigmatic vampire Vayl.
 The Nebraska Review was a leading American literary magazine based at the University of Nebraska in Omaha Nebraska. The magazine was founded in 1972 by Richard Duggan and published until 2003.
 The Journal of Child Neurology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of Pediatric neurology. The editor-in-chief is Roger A. Brumback (Creighton University). The journal was established in 1986 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Der Weg ins Freie (translated as The Way into the Open and most often The Road into the Open) was published by Arthur Schnitzler in 1908 and is one of only two novels (the other being Therese) by this Viennese author 1862-1931) better known for his short stories and plays (including Reigen - Round Dance - known to most English-speaking readers as La Ronde.)The principal character of Der Weg ins Freie is the aristocratic young composer Georg von Wergenthin-Recco who has talent but lacks the drive to get down to work and spends most of his time socializing with members of the assimilationist artistically sensitive Jewish bourgeoisie of Vienna and other non-Jews like himself who enjoy their company.The plot centers on his ultimately unhappy affair with a Catholic lower middle class girl named Anna Rosner. 
 The Killing Machine (1964) is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack Vance the second in his Demon Princes series in which Kirth Gersen having brought arch-villain Malagate the Woe to justice sets his sights on Kokor Hekkus another of the Demon Princes.
 On the Edge is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton and was first published in 2014. It follows the story of two boys whose mentally unstable father who is an ex serviceman takes them on holiday but suspicions arise.
 The Death of Vishnu (2001) is a novel by Indian-American writer Manil Suri. The book is about the spiritual journey of a dying man named Vishnu living on a landing of a Bombay apartment building as well as the lives of the residents living in the building.
 Every Vote Equal is a 2006 book addressing the rationales strategies and legal and administrative issues associated with the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact. It was made available online by National Popular Vote Inc. for free.It includes forwards by John B. Anderson Birch Bayh John Buchanan and Tom Campbell.
 Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in the field of anaesthesia intensive care pain and emergency medicine. It was established in 1957 and is the official publication of the Scandinavian Society of Anaesthesiology and Intensive Care Medicine. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.355 ranking it 14th out of 29 journals in the category Anesthesiology.
 Musical America is the oldest American magazine on classical music. It is now a website (musicalamerica.com) with a weekly online magazine. It is currently published by UBM Global Trade.
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Nine is the sequel to the Season Eight comic book series a canonical continuation of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.The Season Nine brand also incorporates a new Buffy spin-off series Angel & Faith which like the main series will last 25 issues (roughly two years). While Whedon shares writing duties with Andrew Chambliss on the main series Christos Gage writes Angel & Faith.
 The Deer Hunter is a novelization by the American writer E. M. Corder based upon the screenplay by Deric Washburn and Michael Cimino of the 1978 war drama film The Deer Hunter a film that won five Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director.The novel is set in southern Vietnam in Pittsburgh and in working-class Clairton Pennsylvania a Monongahela River town south of Pittsburgh.
 Begums Thugs and White Mughals - The Journals Of Fanny Parkes is a 2002 historical travel book based on the journals of Fanny Parkes and edited by William Dalrymple.Dalrymple's Begums Thugs and White Mughals - The Journals Of Fanny Parkes followed his earlier book White Mughals.
 A Gladiator Dies Only Once is a collection of short stories by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 2005. It is the eleventh book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery stories set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 The Killing Moon is a 2012 fantasy novel by N. K. Jemisin and is the first novel in the Dreamblood series. The novel was released on May 1 2012 by Orbit Books and centers around a series of murders and a potential magic war.
 Swift was a weekly comic published by in the UK as a junior companion to the Eagle. It was founded by the Rev. Marcus Morris and launched by Hulton Press in 1954.
 Jomhouri-e Eslami (Persian: جمهوری اسلامی‎) is an official Iranian newspaper which started its work on May 30 1979 as the newspaper of Islamic Republic Party. In the beginning it was under the grantee of Islamic Republic Party and its managing director was Ali Khamenei. Mir-Hossein Mousavi was its Editor-in-Chief.Even after the closure of Islamic Republic Party the Jomhouri-e Eslami newspaper continued its work.
 Not to be confused with A Taste for Death (P.D. James novel)A Taste for Death is the title of an action-adventure novel by Peter O'Donnell which was first published in 1969 featuring the character Modesty Blaise which O'Donnell had created for a comic strip several years earlier. It was the fourth novel to feature the character. The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Souvenir Press.
 This article is about the book. For the album dedicated to Edward Abbey see Desert Solitaire (album).Desert Solitaire: A Season in the Wilderness is an autobiographical work by Edward Abbey (1927–89) published originally in 1968.His fourth book and his first book length non-fiction work it followed three fictional books Jonathan Troy The Brave Cowboy and Fire on the Mountain.
 Hollywood Babylon is a book by avant-garde filmmaker Kenneth Anger which details the sordid scandals of many famous and infamous Hollywood denizens from the 1900s to the 1950s. First published in the US in 1965 it was banned ten days later and would not be republished until 1975. Upon its second release The New York Times said of it If a book such as this can be said to have charm it lies in the fact that here is a book without one single redeeming merit.
 Beginning With a Bash is a novel that was published in 1937 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Alice Tilton. It is the first of the Leonidas Witherall mysteries.
 Still Time is a 1994 photography book by Sally Mann. The book is published by Aperture and was released alongside Mann's exhibition for the photographs. The book consists of 60 four-color and duotone images of landscapes as well as abstract photography and images of Mann's children some of which have been collected from her previous book Immediate Family.
 Magic's Pawn is a 1989 fantasy novel by Mercedes Lackey. The first of The Last Herald Mage trilogy (followed by Magic's Promise and Magic's Price) it centers around a powerful Herald-Mage named Vanyel Ashkevron in the kingdom of Valdemar; the planet is called Velgarth. Mages are those who can do magic. Heralds are people with extrasensory or psychic abilities who have devoted their lives to using their abilities to help others specifically the kingdom of Valdemar.
 COSMOS is the scientific journal of the Singapore National Academy of Science. It is published twice annually by World Scientific and covers interdisciplinary research in Science and Mathematics.
 The Irrawaddy (Burmese: ဧရာဝတီ; MLCTS: ei: ra wa. ti) is a newsmagazine published by the Irrawaddy Publishing Group (IPG) founded in 1992 by Burmese exiles living in Thailand. From its inception IPG (formerly the Burma Information Group or BIG) has taken an independent stance on Burmese politics although as a publication produced by former Burmese activists who fled the brutal crackdown on anti-military protests in 1988 it has always been closely associated with the pro-democracy movement.
 The Shape of Snakes (2000) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters. The story won Denmark's Pelle Rosencrantz Award.
 Genius Wars is the third book of Australian author Catherine Jinks' Evil Genius series after Evil Genius and Genius Squad. The book's tagline is It takes a genius to fight a genius. The book is available in both Australia and the United States.
 Udayavani (Morning Voice in Kannada) is a leading Kannada Daily News Paper with editions from Manipal Bengaluru Mumbai Hubballi and Gulbarga. Launched in 1971 by Mohandas Pai and T.Satish U Pai Udayavani with a combined circulation exceeding 300000 copies as per ABC Jun-Dec 2012 is widely read in Coastal Karnataka region. It has also substantial circulation in Bangalore and other centers.
 Syair Siti Zubaidah Perang Cina (Malay for Poem of Siti Zubaidah's War on China often abbreviated Syair Siti Zubaidah) is a 19th-century syair (poem) by an unknown author. Following a gender disguised woman who conquers China to save her husband the syair has been argued to be based on historical events.
 Lemon People (レモンピープル Remon Pīpuru) was a sexploitation hentai manga magazine published by Kubo Shoten from February 1982 to November 1998 in Japan. The first issue had some gravure idol photographs but the format of the magazine quickly switched to all manga by the eighth issue. Lemon People predates the lolicon manga boom in Japan in the 2000s and was the longest-running lolita manga magazine in Japan.
 The National Zeitung - Deutsche Wochen Zeitung (NZ National Newspaper - German Weekly Newspaper) is a weekly extreme right newspaper published by Gerhard Frey who also founded the far right Deutsche Volksunion (German People's Union) in 1971.
 Night of the Ripper (1984) is a novel written by American writer Robert Bloch the author of Psycho. The story is set during the reign of Queen Victoria and follows the investigation of Inspector Abberline in attempting to apprehend Jack the Ripper and includes some famous Victorians such as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle within the storyline.
 Conan and the Emerald Lotusis a fantasy novel written by John C. Hocking featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
 When the Bough Breaks is a mystery novel by Jonathan Kellerman. It is the first novel in the Alex Delaware series.
 The Chilling Stars is a non-fiction book about the possible causes and effects of global climate change by Henrik Svensmark and Nigel Calder. The paperback version was published by Totem Books on March 19 2003. An updated version titled The Chilling Stars: A New Theory of Climate Change was published in 2007.
 Wampeters Foma & Granfalloons (Opinions) is a collection of essays reviews short travel accounts and human interest stories written by Kurt Vonnegut from c. 1966–1974.
 The Star of Cottonland (綿の国星 Wata no Kuni Hoshi) is a shōjo manga by Yumiko Ōshima. It was serialized by Hakusensha in the magazine LaLa from 1978 to 1987 and collected in seven tankōbon volumes. The story is about an abandoned kitten called Chibi-neko (drawn as a small girl with cat ears and tail) who is adopted by a young man named Tokio and grows up believing she is human. The Star of Cottonland received the 1978 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga.
 Such Interesting Neighbors is a science fiction short story by Jack Finney first published in 1951. Adapted versions of the story for television aired as episodes of Science Fiction Theatre and Amazing Stories.
 Green Wake is a horror comic book series published by Image comics in 2011. It only ran 10 of the planned 25 issues due to a lack of sales.
 No Money known in Japan as Okane ga Nai (お金がないっ) is a yaoi novel and manga created by Hitoyo Shinozaki and illustrated by Tohru Kousaka. Besides the manga there are also drama CDs and four OVA's.
 Beni (Oriya: ବେନି) is a Kosli-language literary magazine. It is published from Bargarh Orissa India. It was published as an e-magazine on January 2010 and edited by Shri Saket Sahu.[citation needed] The e-magazine was published from Delhi. After a brief period with the help and enthusiastic support of its well wishers it's print edition was released on August 2010. Since then it is continuing as a monthly magazine.
 Dacia is a Romanian academic journal of archeology published by the Vasile Pârvan Institute of Archaeology Bucharest. It was established in 1924 by the Romanian historian and archaeologist Vasile Pârvan in whose honor the institute was named. The original title of the journal was Dacia - Recherches et découvertes archéologiques en Roumanie. It has identical subsections in four languages: French English German and Russian.
 Hawkeye & Mockingbird was a comic book ongoing series published by Marvel Comics starring superheroes Hawkeye and Mockingbird.
 Universe 3 is an anthology of original science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the third volume in a series of seventeen.
 Belaruski Chas is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 For the article about the film based on this play see Biloxi Blues (film).Biloxi Blues is a semi-autobiographical play by Neil Simon. It portrays the conflict of Sergeant Merwin J. Toomey and Arnold Epstein one of many privates enlisted in the military stationed in Biloxi Mississippi seen through the eyes of Eugene Jerome one of the other soldiers.
 The Traer Star-Clipper is the weekly newspaper of Traer Iowa. It is published on Fridays and has a circulation of roughly 2500. The newspaper has been the definitive source of local news for over 137 years.The paper primarily serves the community of Traer but also provides news and sports coverage of neighboring communities in Tama County Iowa.
 Eye of the Dragon (ISBN 1-84046-642-1) is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Martin McKenna and published in 2005 by Wizard Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 21st in the Wizard series.
 The Persistence of Memory is a novel by Tony Eprile. It was published in 2004 by W. W. Norton & Company. The story portrays 1960s and 1970s South Africa through the experiences of Paul Sweetbread a young Jewish South African with a photographic memory. The novel follows Paul from his experiences in school through his service in the South African Defence Force during the wars in Namibia and Angola to his participation in the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
 First commissioned for the dragon quintet edited by Marvin Kaye Joust appeared as a short story along with In the Dragon's House by Orson Scott Card Judgment by Elizabeth Moon Love in a time of Dragons by Tanith Lee and Dragon King by Michael Swanwick.Joust (2003) is the first in a planned tetralogy by Mercedes Lackey. The books are set in a fictional version of Pharaonic Egypt.
 The Star-Crowned Kings is a Science Fiction novel written in 1975 by Rob Chilson. This is was 2nd full novel written by Robert Chilson.
 Allan and the Holy Flower is a 1915 novel by H. Rider Haggard featuring Allan Quatermain. It first appeared serialised in The Windsor Magazine. The plot involves Quatermain going on a trek into Africa to find a mysterious flower.
 Philippa Fisher and the Dream Maker's Daughter is a children's fantasy novel written by Liz Kessler the author of the Emily Windsnap series. Philippa Fisher and the Dream Maker's Daughter is the sequel to Philippa Fisher's Fairy Godsister and is the second book in the series. It was first published in 2009.
 The International Journal of Comic Art is a journal about comic art published twice a year. It was established in 1999 by John Lent (Temple University) who is also the editor-in-chief. The journal is independently published and does not maintain an online edition although tables of contents are available online.
 Red Harvest (1929) is a novel by Dashiell Hammett. The story is narrated by The Continental Op a frequent character in Hammett's fiction. Hammett based the story on his own experiences in Butte Montana as an operative of the Pinkerton Detective Agency (fictionalized as the Continental Detective Agency). The labor dispute in the novel was inspired by Butte's Anaconda Road Massacre.Time included Red Harvest in its 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005.
 Green Lantern: Mosaic was an American comic book series published by DC Comics starring the fictional character Green Lantern (John Stewart). The series had its origin in a story arc of the same name in Green Lantern (Volume 3) #14-17 and was set up in earlier issues since that series' launch in 1990.The ongoing series began in June of 1992 and ended in November of 1993 lasting 18 issues. It was written by Gerard Jones and primarily drawn by Cully Hamner.
 Vo Slavu Rodiny is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Ultimatum is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics under its Ultimate Marvel imprint from November 2008 to July 2009. The series which was written by Jeph Loeb and illustrated by David Finch tied in with all other Ultimate titles and dealt with Magneto's attempts to destroy the world following the apparent deaths of the Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver in Ultimates 3.
 The Risk Pool is Pulitzer Prize-winning writer Richard Russo's second novel. First published in 1988 The Risk Pool is a Bildungsroman or coming of age novel set in fictional Mohawk New York a dying blue-collar town. The Risk Pool was well received by critics such as The New York Times which called it a superbly original maliciously funny book and praised Russo's brilliant deadpan writing. Warner Bros.
 A Good Man Is Hard to Find is a short story written by Flannery O'Connor in 1953. The story appears in the collection of short stories of the same name. The interpretive work of scholars often focuses on the controversial final scene.
 The Nevada Sagebrush is the independent student newspaper of the University of Nevada Reno. It was founded in 1893 as The Student Record against the wishes of the Nevada Board of Regents. In 1910 the name was changed to The Sagebrush and then in 2004 to The Nevada Sagebrush.The newspaper is printed every Tuesday morning and employs about 15 Nevada students.
 L'Osservatore Romano (English: The Roman Observer) is the daily newspaper of Vatican City State which carries the Pope’s discourses and reports on the activities of the Holy See as well as the main events taking place in the Church in Italy and around the world. It is the official newspaper of the Holy See News Service.
 Quo Vadis: A Narrative of the Time of Nero commonly known as Quo Vadis is a historical novel written by Henryk Sienkiewicz in Polish. Quo vadis Domine is Latin for Where are you going Lord? and alludes to the apocryphal Acts of Peter in which Peter flees Rome but on his way meets Jesus and asks him why he is going to Rome.
 Jormungand (ヨルムンガンド Yorumungando) is a manga series by Keitarō Takahashi serialized in Monthly Sunday Gene-X magazine and published in North America by Viz Media. An anime television series produced by White Fox was broadcast between April and June 2012. A second season titled Jormungand: Perfect Order aired from October to December 2012. The first season has been licensed by Manga Entertainment in the United Kingdom and Dybex in France.
 The War in 2020 is a 1991 military-adventure novel written by Ralph Peters.
 The Temporal Void is a science fiction novel by British writer Peter F. Hamilton the second in his The Void Trilogy which was released on 3 October 2008. The events in the book follow on from those in The Dreaming Void. It is followed by The Evolutionary Void.
 Marco's Millions (2001) is a science fiction novel by William Sleator. It is a prequel to the main book The Boxes.
 Nursing Times is a magazine for nurses in the United Kingdom.
 The Lady of the Camellias (French: La Dame aux camélias) is a novel by Alexandre Dumas fils first published in 1848 and subsequently adapted for the stage. The Lady of the Camellias premiered at the Théâtre du Vaudeville in Paris France on February 2 1852. The play was an instant success and Giuseppe Verdi immediately set about putting the story to music.
 The Kenosha News is a 22000 daily 26000 Sunday (http://www.auditedmedia.com/) morning daily newspaper published in Kenosha Wisconsin USA serving southeastern Wisconsin and northeastern Illinois. It is the original and flagship property of United Communications Corporation.The News also prints a 34000-circulation weekly shopper KNentertain and a weekly 22000-circulation newspaper the Zion-Benton News & Bargaineer.
 A Game for the Living (1958) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.
 Mixed Vegetables (ミックスベジタブル Mikkusu Bejitaburu) also known as Mix Vegetable is a romance manga by Ayumi Komura. It was serialized in Japan by Shueisha in the shōjo manga magazine Margaret from October 25 2005 to November 22 2007 and collected in eight bound volumes.
 MPD Psycho short for Multiple Personality Detective Psycho (Japanese: 多重人格探偵サイコ Hepburn: Tajū-Jinkaku Tantei Saiko) is a manga series written by Eiji Ōtsuka and illustrated by Shou Tajima published by Kadokawa Shoten since 1997. The series follows a police detective suffering from multiple personality disorder.MPD Psycho was adapted as a live action television miniseries in 2000 directed by Takashi Miike.
 The Pianist is a memoir of the Polish composer of Jewish origin Władysław Szpilman written and elaborated by the Polish author Jerzy Waldorff who met Szpilman in 1938 in Krynica and became a friend of his. The book is written in the first person as Szpilman's memoir.
 Power on Earth is a biography of mafia-linked Italian banker and accused murderer Michele Sindona written by Nick Tosches. Based on his own in-depth research including several interviews with Sindona himself while he was in prison awaiting trial Tosches tells Sindona's rise from poor beginnings to becoming one of the world's most powerful bankers.
 We Were the Mulvaneys is a novel written by Joyce Carol Oates and was published in 1996. We Were the Mulvaneys was featured in Oprah's Book Club in 2001.The Mulvaneys a family living in the small rural town of Mt. Ephraim New York during the latter part of the 20th century are the seemingly perfect family: four children the owners of a successful roofing business and obsessed with social status.
 Passage to Pluto is a juvenile science fiction novel the fourteenth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1973 in the US by T.Nelson Books in 1975.It was the last of the series to have a cover illustration by Leslie Wood
 Tragjasi is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Aleph and Other Stories (Spanish: El Aleph 1949) is a book of short stories by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. The title work The Aleph describes a point in space that contains all other spaces at once. The work also presents the idea of infinite time. Borges writes in the original afterword dated May 3 1949 (Buenos Aires) that most of the stories belong to the genre of fantasy mentioning themes such as identity and immortality.
 The Fifth Gospel (Das fünfte Evangelium)first published in Germany in 1993 is a novel by Philipp Vandenberg.The book deals with the discovery of a Coptic parchment that contains a gospel written by the son of Jesus and Mary Magdalene. The book was made famous by Dan Brown in his novel The Da Vinci Code which was written 10 years later.
 Three Cheers for the Paraclete is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Thomas Keneally.
 A Casa (English: The House) is a fantasy novel by Brazilian author Andre Vianco published in 2002 by Editora Novo Século (English: New Century Publisher).Is the first novel by Mr. Vianco which has no horror involved.
 Mad Empress of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the fourth in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in February 1975. It includes an appendix (The Beasts of Thanator) collating background information from this and previous volumes.
 Awaken Forest is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yuna Aoi published by Taiyoh Tosho on March 15 2006. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on May 6 2009.
 This article is about the weekly newspaper published in New York City. You may be looking for the Washington Jewish Week.The Jewish Week is an independent weekly newspaper serving the Jewish community of the metropolitan New York City area. The Jewish Week covers news relating to the Jewish community in NYC and has world-wide distribution.
 Nagarik News is dailly print and online newspaper of Nepal.
 The Vinyl Underground is a comic book series published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics created and written by Si Spencer with art by Simon Gane. The title debuted in October 2007 and ran for twelve issues before its cancellation in September 2008.
 Tomie (富江) is a Japanese horror manga series written and illustrated by Junji Ito. The manga has been adapted into a live action film series with nine installments to date. Tomie was Ito's first published work he originally submitted to Monthly Halloween a shōjo magazine in 1987 which led to winning the Kazuo Umezu award.
 The Indian in the Cupboard is a children's book by British author Lynne Reid Banks and illustrated by Brock Cole. It was first published in 1980 and has received numerous awards as well as being made into a film in 1995.The original book was followed by four sequels: The Return of the Indian (1985); The Secret of the Indian (1989); The Mystery of the Cupboard (1992); and The Key to the Indian (1998).
 Florida Roadkill is the first book in the unnamed series of books by Tim Dorsey which were centered on his character Serge Storms.
 Jazz is a Japanese yaoi manga by Tamotsu Takamure. It has been licensed in the United States and will be published by Digital Manga Publishing. The first volume is set for release on November 30 2005.
 Vida y Escritos del Dr. José Rizal translated as “Life and Writings of Dr. José Rizal” is a biographical book about Philippine national hero and Father of Filipino Nationalism José Rizal (1864-1936) written in the Spanish language by Wenceslao Emilio Retana y Gamboa (1862-1924) a 19th-century Spanish civil servant colonial administrator writer publisher bibliophile Filipiniana collector and Philippine scholar who is also known simply as W.E. Retana.
 The Month was a monthly review published from 1864 to 2001 which for almost all of its history was owned by the English Province of the Society of Jesus and edited by its members.
 Thomas is the third novel in the Deptford Histories Trilogy by Robin Jarvis (first published in 1995).
 Malone Dies is a novel by Samuel Beckett. It was first published in 1951 in French as Malone meurt and later translated into English by the author.The second novel in Beckett's Trilogy (beginning with Molloy and ending with The Unnamable) it can be described as the space between wholeness and disintegration action and total inertia.
 A Nature Conservation Review is a 2-volume work by Derek Ratcliffe published by Cambridge University Press in 1977. It set out to identify the most important places for nature conservation in Great Britain. It is often known by the acronym NCR and sites listed in it are termed NCR sites.The approach adopted by Ratcliffe was adapted and applied to the selection of sites important for geological conservation in the Geological Conservation Review.
 The Terror Timeline: Year by Year Day by Day Minute by Minute: A Comprehensive Chronicle of the Road to 9/11 — and America's Response is described by its publisher as a compilation of over 5000 reports and articles concerning the September 11 2001 attacks.The book was compiled by a Stanford University alumnus and 9/11 researcher Paul Thompson and by other contributors to the History Commons website (formerly operated by the Center for Cooperative Research).
 The Dastard is the twenty-fourth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Astronauta - Magnetar is a 2012 Brazilian graphic novel written and illustrated by Danilo Beyruth based on the character Bubbly created by Maurício de Sousa. It is the first installment in the Graphic MSP series of graphic novels based on Maurício de Sousa characters.
 China Harayeko Manchhe is an autobiography written by Hari Bansha Acharya.
 The Coral Island: A Tale of the Pacific Ocean (1858) is a novel written by Scottish author R. M. Ballantyne.
 Wettermark is a fictional crime novel written by American novelist Elliott Chaze published by Scribner New York in 1969. Titular character Cliff Wettermark is down on his luck when he decides to rob a bank to help fix the things in his life that money can buy.
 The Journal of Rheumatology is a peer-reviewed medical journal addressing topics in rheumatology and arthritis. It is an official journal of the Canadian Rheumatology Association. Since 1992 the journal has published the proceedings of Outcome Measures in Rheumatoid Arthritis Clinical Trials (OMERACT) conferences.
 Clinical & Experimental Allergy is a monthly journal dedicated to the field of allergy. The official journal of the British Society for Allergy & Clinical Immunology (BSACI) it has been in publication since 1971. A subscription to the journal is included with BSACI membership but the journal is also available to other subscribers.
 A Graveyard for Lunatics: Another tale of two cities is a mystery novel by Ray Bradbury published in 1990.
 The A-List is the first novel in The A-List series by Zoey Dean. It was released in 2003 through Megan Tingley Books by Poppy.
 Trustee from the Toolroom is a novel written by Nevil Shute. Shute died in January 1960; Trustee was published posthumously later that year.
 True Names is a 1981 science fiction novella by Vernor Vinge considered a seminal work of the cyberpunk genre. It is one of the earliest stories to present a fully fleshed-out concept of cyberspace which would later be central to cyberpunk. The story also contains elements of transhumanism anarchism and even hints about The Singularity.True Names first brought Vinge to prominence as a science fiction writer.
 The Lincoln Train is a science fiction short story published by American writer Maureen F. McHugh published in 1995. It won the 1996 Hugo Award for Best Short Story and the 1996 Locus Award. It was also nominated for the 1996 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 Native Tongue is the first novel in Suzette Haden Elgin's feminist science fiction series of the same name. The trilogy is centered in a future dystopian American society where the 19th Amendment was repealed in 1996 and women have been stripped of civil rights. A group of women part of a worldwide group of linguists who facilitate human communication with alien races create a new language for women as an act of resistance.
 A Retrieved Reformation is a short story by American author O. Henry first published in The Cosmopolitan Magazine April 1903. It describes the events which lead up to the reformation of an ex-convict. The story was adapted into the film Alias Jimmy Valentine in 1928 MGM's first all-talking film. The popularity of the story as a motion picture added greatly to the author's vogue though in the English French and Spanish versions O. Henry's name was not mentioned.
 The Believers is a novel by Zoë Heller first published in 2008. It depicts a left-wing New York family of grown-ups who have little in common.
 Psychoanalytic Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 39 of the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1984 and covers research in psychoanalysis. The current editor-in-chief is Elliot L. Jurist of the City University of New York.
 City of Sorcery is a fantasy science fiction novel novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series and is a sequel to Thendara House. It was originally published by DAW Books (No. 600) in October 1984.In terms of the Darkover timeline City of Sorcery falls in the era identified by the author as Recontact (Against the Terrans: The First Age).
 Everyday People is a novel by the American writer Stewart O'Nan. It is set in 1998 in East Liberty and brings together the stories of its residents mostly African-American during one fateful week in the early fall. The novel centers around Chris Crest Tolbert—an eighteen-year-old left paralyzed and haunted by the loss of his best friend after a recent accident—and O'Nan weaves together the lives of friends and family lovers and strangers and their emotions memories and dreams.
 The Cricket on the Hearth. A Fairy Tale of Home is a novella by Charles Dickens published by Bradbury and Evans and released 20 December 1845 with illustrations by Daniel Maclise John Leech Richard Doyle Clarkson Stanfield and Edwin Henry Landseer. Dickens began writing the book around 17 October 1845 and finished it by 1 December. Like all of Dickens's Christmas books it was published in book form not as a serial.
 Book of Haikus is a collection of haiku poetry by Jack Kerouac. It was first published in 2003 and edited by Regina Weinreich. It consists of some 500 poems selected from a corpus of nearly 1000 haiku jotted down by Kerouac in small notebooks.Although most of the poetry in Book of Haikus is original some haiku are paraphrased in Kerouac's prose works:The top of JackMountain—done inBy golden cloudsalso recurs in The Dharma Bums.
 Ilsa is a 1946 novel by Madeleine L'Engle. Its significance lies largely in its rarity the book having been out of print for nearly sixty years. It was the author's second novel published a year after The Small Rain.
 Underground: Tales of Hacking Madness and Obsession on the Electronic Frontier is a 1997 book by Suelette Dreyfus researched by Julian Assange. It describes the exploits of a group of Australian American and British black hat hackers during the late 1980s and early 1990s among them Assange himself.Craig Bowen (nickname) administrator of two important Australian BBS (Pacific Island and Zen)Par a.k.a.
 Traction City is a novella by Philip Reeve and is a prequel to the Mortal Engines Quartet it was released as a flip book alongside Chris Priestlys' teachers tales of terror for World Book Day.Set on London and introducing street urchin Smiff policeman Anders and a young Anna Fang.
 American Flagg! is an American comic book series created by writer-artist Howard Chaykin published by First Comics from 1983 to 1989. A science fiction series and political satire it was set in the U.S. particularly Chicago Illinois in the early 2030s. Writers besides Chaykin included Steven Grant J.M. DeMatteis and Alan Moore.
 Speech and Reality is a book by Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy (1888–1973) German social philosopher and is an English-language introduction to Rosenstock-Huessy’s German-language book Soziologie. It comprises seven essays that he wrote and revised between 1935 and 1955. Rosenstock-Huessy introduces a new form of social research in which the human subject as speaker displaces the subject of orthodox sociology wherein the subject can be mute.
 The New Ross Standard is a local newspaper published once per week (every Wednesday) in County Wexford Ireland. It is published in colour.
 Nematology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the study of nematodes.In 1978 French zoologist Michel Luc established the Revue de Nématologie (soon renamed Fundamental and Applied Nematology) that fused with Nematologica in 1999 to become Nematology. The editors-in-chief are David Hunt (CABI Europe) and Roland Perry (Rothamsted Research).
 Love Roma (ラブロマ Rabu Roma) is a Japanese Romantic comedy manga series written and illustrated by Minoru Toyoda. It began serialization in 2003 Afternoon a Japanese manga magazine. The first bound volume was released in September 2003 in Japan; as of December 2005 the story concluded with five volumes released.
 My Bonny Light Horseman is the sixth novel in L. A. Meyer's series Bloody Jack. The series begins with Bloody Jack Curse of the Blue Tattoo Under the Jolly Roger In the Belly of the Bloodhound Mississippi Jack and is followed by Rapture of the Deep and The Wake of the Lorelei Lee.
 Seks ljubezen in to is a novel by Slovenian author Andrej Morovič (sl). It was first published in 2006.
 Brickman is a humour comic strip and character created by UK cartoonist Lew Stringer. A parody of Batman the spoof features the adventures of zillionaire Loose Brayne and his partner Tina Trowel who fight crime in Guffon City fighting villains such as the Poker the Mad Cobbler and Gnat-Woman. The strip's humour uses heavy amounts of puns sight gags and absurdism. The strip began in the fanzine After Image No.3 in 1979 before moving on to other small press fanzines and minicomics.
 Yoda: Dark Rendezvous is a 2004 Star Wars novel written by Sean Stewart and published by Del Rey. It is set in the Expanded Universe during the Clone Wars conflict between Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith.
 Nintendo Gamer was a magazine published in the United Kingdom which (mainly) covered Nintendo video game consoles and software and consoles. It was the successor publication to N64 Magazine later renamed NGC Magazine (1997–2006) and Super Play (1992–1996) continuing the unique style of those magazines. The publication was originally known as NGamer with the first issue being released on 13 July 2006.
 In Another Country is a short story by American author Ernest Hemingway.It is about an ambulance corps member in Milan during World War I. Although unnamed he is assumed to be Nick Adams a character Hemingway made to represent himself. He has an injured knee and visits a hospital daily for rehabilitation. There the machines are used to speed the healing with the doctors making much of the miraculous new technology.
 Psychological Reports is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in psychology and psychiatry. It was established by Robert and Carol H. Ammons in 1949. It is published by Ammons Scientific.
 Blue Seed (碧奇魂 ブルー シード Aokushimitama Burū Shīdo) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuzo Takada. The plot is based on the Izumo cycle of Japanese mythology and the tale of the god Susanoo and the eight-headed monster Yamata no Orochi. The main character Momiji Fujimiya is a descendant of the mythical Princess Kushinada (奇稲田姫 Kushinada-hime). When Japan is menaced by Aragami (荒神 Aragami lit.
 Clinical Advisor is an online medical website and monthly print publication based in New York City for nurse practitioners and physician assistants in primary care.
 Gold Diggers is a 2007 novel by Tasmina Perry. The plot is a scandalous glamorous sex-filled bitchfest with high-society women fighting over American billionaire Adam Gold who has moved to London.
 The Black Warrior Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1974 and based at the University of Alabama. Work appearing in BWR has been anthologized in the Pushcart Prize collection The Best American Short Stories (2009) Best American Poetry New Stories from the South. The Spring 1978 issue was the first to feature graphics and included a photo essay by Diane Mastin. Writer's Digest has named BWR as one of 19 magazines that matter.
 Yobgorgle: Mystery Monster of Lake Ontario is a young adult comedy novel by American author Daniel Pinkwater. It was first published in 1979.
 The EBCC Atlas of European Breeding Birds - their distribution and abundance (ISBN 0-85661-091-7) is an ornithological atlas published for the European Bird Census Council by T & A D Poyser in 1997. Its editors were Ward J. M. Hagemeijer and Michael J. Blair. The atlas was the first to present grid-square distribution maps for all breeding birds at a Europe-wide level. The bulk of the book is in English although it also contains introductions in thirteen other European languages.
 The House of the Arrow is a 1924 detective novel by British writer A.E.W. Mason that has inspired several films of the same title. It features the fictional French detective Inspector Hanaud.
 Historische Sprachforschung is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering Indo-European historical linguistics. It was established by Adalbert Kuhn in 1852 as the Zeitschrift für vergleichende Sprachforschung (Journal of Comparative Linguistics; colloquially referred to as Kuhns Zeitschrift) and obtained its present title in 1988.
 Los Andes is an Argentine daily newspaper published in the city of Mendoza. The newspaper was founded in 1883 by Adolfo Calle. In September 1995 it became the first Argentine newspaper to become available on the internet.
 The International Journal of Insect Science is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal published by Libertas Academica. The editor-in-chief is Helen Hull-Sanders (Canisius College). The journal covers fundamental experimental and applied research.
 Nights in Rodanthe is a romantic love novel by American writer Nicholas Sparks in September 2002.Set in Rodanthe North Carolina the story follows the purely intense and close romance of a divorced mother Adrienne Willis and a divorced father and surgeon Paul Flanner. The novel's two main protagonists meet in an inn in Rodanthe and fall strongly in love.
 The Journal of Chemical Sciences is a bimonthly peer-viewed scientific journal that publishes original research articles review articles and rapid communications in all areas of chemistry. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences. The editor-in-chief is N. Periasamy (Tata Institute of Fundamental Research).
 Blade Runner 3: Replicant Night (1996) is a science fiction novel by K. W. Jeter that continues the story of Rick Deckard. It is the sequel to Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human which was a sequel to Ridley Scott's 1982 film Blade Runner and the book on which the film was based Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?.
 The Shelby Star is a newspaper based in Shelby North Carolina. The newspaper was owned by Freedom Communications until 2012 when Freedom sold its Florida and North Carolina papers to Halifax Media Group.Its editorial position is generally conservative and sometimes libertarian. Among the syndicated columnists whose columns it runs are Thomas Sowell Walter Williams and Tibor Machan.The paper uses The Star as its masthead omitting the name Shelby.
 Cahiers Octave Mirbeau is a French literary journal founded in 1994 by French scholar and Octave Mirbeau specialist Pierre Michel.The journal is based in Angers France. Its periodicity is annual. Between May 1994 and March 2012 18 installments were released totaling more than 7 000 pages. Volumes comprise between 320 and 420 pages and are lavishly illustrated. The circulation is 500 to 600 copies.Each volume divides into at least three major parts.
 Bad Reporter is a semi-weekly editorial cartoon in comic strip formatthat first appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle on September 25 2003.It typically contains four panels the first a simple black panel with a caricature of creator Don Asmussen and the slogan The lies behind the truth and the truth behind those lies that are behind that truth.
 Sucker Punch is a play by the award-winning British playwright Roy Williams. It was first staged in 2010 at the Royal Court Theatre in London. The play was nominated for the Evening Standard Award and the Olivier Award for Best New Play.
 The Tony Years is a book by British satirist Craig Brown.
 Explorations in Economic History is a peer-reviewed academic journal of quantitative economic history. It follows the quantitative or formal approaches that have been called cliometrics or the new economic history applied to any place and time. These formal approaches apply mathematical economic theory model building and statistical estimation. It is published by Elsevier and the editors-in-chief are W.J. Collins (Vanderbilt University) and H.-J. Voth (Universitat Pompeu Fabra).
 La Minerve (French for The Minerva) was a newspaper founded in Montreal Lower Canada (present-day Quebec) by Augustin-Norbert Morin to promote the political goals of Louis-Joseph Papineau's Parti patriote. It was notably directed by Ludger Duvernay in its earlier years. It existed from 1826 to 1837 and again from 1842 to May 27 1899. Throughout the years it went from being a radical paper to a conservative one.
 Stars and S.T.R.I.P.E. was an American comic book published by DC Comics featuring the second Star-Spangled Kid and her stepfather the original version's sidekick Stripesy. It was first published in July 1999 (with a zero issue) and ran for fourteen issues. It was written by Geoff Johns with art by Lee Moder and Dan Davis.
 The Biblical Theology Bulletin is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles and book reviews in the fields of biblical studies and to a lesser extent theology. The journal was established in 1971 under the editorship of Leopold Sabourin (Pontifical Biblical Institute). According to Michael Gorman the journal is devoted primarily to social-scientific perspectives.
 The Big Kill (1951) is Mickey Spillane's fifth novel featuring private investigator Mike Hammer.
 Manservant and Maidservant is a 1947 novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett. It was published in the United States with the title Bullivant and the Lambs.Whenever the author was asked which of her novels were her favorites she always mentioned Manservant and Maidservant and A House and Its Head.[citation needed]“Manservant and Maidservant is among the funniest and most surprising of Compton-Burnett's inventions.
 Jaja Uma Grooming Up! (じゃじゃ馬グルーミン★UP! Jaja Uma Gurūmin★UP!) is a manga series by Masami Yuki. It depicts the story of Shunpei Kuze a high-school student unsure of the future until he takes a motorcycle ride to Hokkaidō.When his motorbike runs out of fuel Shunpei is stranded on a country road; to make matters worse he loses his wallet. He is found and taken in by the daughter of a local rancher named Hibiki Watarai.
 The Whittier Daily News is the local daily newspaper for Whittier California. The Daily News is a member of the Los Angeles Newspaper Group a division of MediaNews Group. It is also part of the San Gabriel Valley Newspaper Group along with the San Gabriel Valley Tribune and the Pasadena Star-News.Thomson Newspapers purchased the paper in 1982. Thomson sold the Daily News to William Dean Singleton's MediaNews Group in 1996.
 Crawdaddy! was the first U.S. magazine of rock and roll music criticism. Created in 1966 by college student Paul Williams in response to the increasing sophistication and cultural influence of popular music Crawdaddy! was self-described as the first magazine to take rock and roll seriously.Preceding both Rolling Stone and Creem Crawdaddy! is regarded as the U.S.
 The Wonder of Women or The Tragedy of Sophonisba is an early Jacobean stage play written by the satiric dramatist John Marston. It was first performed by the Children of the Revels one of the troupes of boy actors popular at the time in the Blackfriars Theatre. The play was entered into the Stationers' Register on March 17 1606 and published later that year by the bookseller John Windet.
 Satyricon (or Satyrica) is a Latin work of fiction in a mixture of prose and poetry (prosimetrum). It is believed to have been written by Gaius Petronius though the manuscript tradition identifies the author as a certain Titus Petronius.
 I am David is a 1963 novel by Anne Holm. It tells the story of a young boy who with the help of a prison guard escapes from a concentration camp in Eastern Russia and journeys to Denmark. Along the way he meets many people who teach him about life outside the camp. The book originally written in Danish has been translated into several languages including Norwegian Swedish Finnish and German (all 1963) Dutch (1964) English (1965) Afrikaans (1981) French (1986) and Konkani (1987).
 The Book of Wondrous Inventions is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 La ville où nul ne meurt is a novel by Ivorian author Bernard Dadié. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 1968.
 L'Usine nouvelle is a weekly French business magazine that covers business and technology. It is based in Antony Hauts-de-Seine near Paris.
 The Sword of the Lord is a Christian fundamentalist Independent Baptist biweekly newspaper.The Sword of the Lord is published by Sword of the Lord Ministries a non-profit organizationbased in Murfreesboro Tennessee which also publishes religious books pamphlets and tracts from a fundamentalist Christian perspective as Sword of the Lord Publications.In 2012 the newspaper was a 24-page biweekly tabloid with a circulation of just over 100000.
 Everybody's All-American is a 1981 novel by longtime Sports Illustrated contributor Frank Deford and later made into a motion picture directed by Taylor Hackford.
 A Short Life of Kierkegaard is a book by Walter Lowrie the first edition was published in 1938 by Oxford University Press simply under the title Kierkegaard. The book was influential for being the first English biography which covers both wider and lesser known areas of Søren Kierkegaard's life philosophy and theology.
 Heaven's Lost Property (そらのおとしもの Sora no Otoshimono lit. Lost Property of the Sky or Misplaced by Heaven) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Suu Minazuki. The plot revolves around Tomoki Sakurai a highly perverted teenager who desires to live a peaceful life but encounters a falling girl with wings named Ikaros who becomes his servant.The manga began monthly serialization in the May 2007 issue of manga magazine Shōnen Ace and concluded with the March 2014 issue.
 Fancy Dance (ファンシィダンス) is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Reiko Okano. It won the 34th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo. It was adapted into a 1989 live action film directed by Masayuki Suo.
 Rapunzel (/rəˈpʌnzəl/; German pronunciation: [ʁaˈpʊnt͡səl]) is a German fairy tale in the collection assembled by the Brothers Grimm and first published in 1812 as part of Children's and Household Tales. The Grimm Brothers' story is an adaptation of the fairy tale Persinette by Charlotte-Rose de Caumont de La Force originally published in 1698.
 The Thanatos Syndrome (1987) was Walker Percy's last novel before his death. It is a sequel to Love in the Ruins. It tells the story of a former psychiatrist who suspects that something or someone is making everyone in the town crazy. In 1989 Percy stated that in The Thanatos Syndrome:I tried to show how while truth should prevail it is a disaster when only one kind of truth prevails at the expense of another.
 Dog Wizard is a fantasy novel by Barbara Hambly and published by Del Rey Books in February 1993. The book was a 1994 Locus Award nominee and the third book of the Windrose Chronicles.
 UPDATE: Applications of Research in Music Education is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of music education. The editor-in-chief is Ruth Brittin. It was established in 1989 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Association of Music Educators.
 The Devil with Boobs (Italian title: Il diavolo con le zinne) is a two-act play by Dario Fo recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature.First produced at Messina's Teatro Vittorio Emmanuele on 7 August 1997 (directed by Dario Fo) an English production occurred at the National Theatre Youth project in Summer 1999.Described by Fo as a Machiavellian comedy a gigantic late sixteenth-century intrigue with judges and devils housekeepers possessed by devils hermits gendarmes torturers and even a monkey it featured an homage to his long-time collaborator Fiorenzo Carpi who had died earlier that year (1997).
 The Postman (1985) is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by David Brin. A drifter stumbles across the uniform of an old United States Postal Service letter carrier and with empty promises of aid from the Restored United States of America gives hope to a community threatened by local warlords. The first two parts were published separately as The Postman (1982) and Cyclops (1984). Both were nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Novella.
 Las Últimas Noticias (Spanish: The Latest News) is a Chilean daily middle market tabloid newspaper owned by El Mercurio SAP; This company publishes various newspapers for a different audience: El Mercurio people look up to and ability to view mainly close to the reading La Segunda mainly a diary of synthesis news and evening edition and Las Últimas Noticias is made profile tabloid focused mainly on entertainment and gossip so it is one of the best-selling newspapers in the country.
 The Serpent on the Crown is the 17th in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 Reflex is the 2004 sequel to the 1992 novel Jumper by Steven Gould.
 Splats (Greek: Σπλατς) is a fanzine with comics. It is sold mainly within Patras as well as other cities. The volume does not number ant its stories are entirely humoristic. It has sold several volumes.
 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is an American comic book series published by CrossGen Entertainment from February to June 2004. It ran for five issues before it was forced to end by the bankruptcy of CrossGen in 2004.Set in the 1960s the series features many of the cultural aspects of the period as well as recurring allurements to the James Bond mythos such as exotic locations 1960s type action scenes and sex.
 Wie die Schlesier Christen wurden waren und sind: Ein Beitrag zur schlesischen Kulturgeschichte (How the Silesians became were and are Christians: a contribution to Silesian cultural history) is a 2011 book by German theologian Wolfgang Nastainczyk published by Schnell & Steiner. The book takes a look at the history of Christianity in Silesia from the year 950AD to the present day and examines the effects history has had on the faith of Silesians over the years.
 Gender & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of gender studies. The editor-in-chief is Joya Misra (University of Massachusetts Amherst). It was established in 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Sociologists for Women in Society.
 Master and Commander is the first in the Aubrey-Maturin series featuring Jack Aubrey and the naval surgeon Stephen Maturin set in the Napoleonic Wars. It is a historical novel by Patrick O'Brian first published in 1969 in the US and 1970 in UK.
 The Mad King is a novel by Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs originally published in two parts as The Mad King and Barney Custer of Beatrice in All-Story Weekly in 1914 and 1915 respectively. These were combined for the book edition first published in hardcover by A. C. McClurg in 1926.
 Broom & Groom (co-authors Pavan Choudary and Kiran Bedi) published in August 2010 is a book on personality development and personal growth. Within six months of its launch the book became a best seller.
 Son of Spellsinger (1993) is a fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book follows the continuing adventures of Jonathan Thomas Meriweather who is transported from our world into a land of talking animals and magic. It is the seventh book in the Spellsinger series.
 Safarir is a Canadian French-language humour magazine.It was published monthly in Quebec City from October 1987 until 2001 and thereafter in Montreal by Éditions Les Artistocrates.Notable writers and artists who contributed to Safarir include Éric Thériault; and Delaf and Dubuc whose Les Nombrils was introduced in Safarir in 2004.
 The Imaginary Invalid (French: Le malade imaginaire) is a three-act comédie-ballet by the French playwright Molière with dance sequences and musical interludes by Marc-Antoine Charpentier.
 A Knight of the Word is the second novel in the Word & Void series by Terry Brooks written as a prequel to his Shannara series. It was first published in 1998 by Ballantine's Del Rey division (ISBN 978-0-345-37963-4). The setting is primarily Seattle Washington around Halloween in 2002 five years after the events of Running with the Demon. The story follows John Ross as he attempts to leave his life in service to the Word while Nest Freemark tries to restore his faith.
 Musician (1976–1999) was a monthly magazine that covered news and information about American popular music. Initially called Music America it was founded in 1976 by Sam Holdsworth and Gordon Baird. The two friends borrowed $20000 from relatives and started the publication in a barn in Colorado. [1]Subtitled The Art Business and Technology of Making Music it became known for its extended and thorough articles about the stars of rock music.
 The Reluctant Tommy is a book written by Ronald Skirth who was a member of the Royal Garrison Artillery during the First World War. His experiences during the Battle of Messines and the Battle of Passchendaele were detailed in this book. The book captured attention due to Skirth's actions during the war to avoid enemy casualties. The manuscript was known only by the family for decades before finally being published in 2011.
 The Manticore's Secret (2005) is the second novel in Indian fantasy author Samit Basu's GameWorld trilogy.
 Flow My Tears The Policeman Said (called The Android Cried Me a River in VALIS) is a 1974 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. The story follows a genetically enhanced pop singer and television star who wakes up in a world where he has never existed. The novel is set in a futuristic dystopia where the United States has become a police state in the aftermath of a Second Civil War. It was nominated for a Nebula Award in 1974 a Hugo Award in 1975 and was awarded the John W.
 Black Cat (Japanese: ブラックキャット Hepburn: Burakku Kyatto) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kentaro Yabuki. It was originally serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from July 2000 to June 2004 with the chapters collected into twenty tankōbon volumes.
 IEEE Microwave and Wireless Components Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published monthly by the IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society. The editor-in-chief is C.-K. Clive Tzuang. The focus of the journal is electromagnetic radiation and the relevant physical components to achieve such radiations.
 Parshva Bhoomi is a Marathi daily published from Beed.Parshva Bhoomi is one of the most widely read Marathi dailies in Beed today.Parshva Bhoomi was the one of the Marathi-language dailies to take the internet route to reach a worldwide Marathi audience with its internet edition epaper which is an exact copy of its print edition circulated locally.
 Brooklyn Magazine is an American glossy quarterly celebrating the arts fashion and high-end culture of Brooklyn New York.
 Metamorphoses is a play by the American playwright and director Mary Zimmerman adapted from the classic Ovid poem Metamorphoses. The play premiered in 1996 as Six Myths at Northwestern University and later the Lookingglass Theatre Company in Chicago. The play opened off-Broadway in October 2001 at the Second Stage Theatre. It transferred to Broadway on 21 February 2002 at the Circle in the Square Theatre.
 Caravan to Vaccarès is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean originally published in 1969. This novel is set in the Provence region of southern France.
 Good as Gold is a 1979 novel by Joseph Heller author of Catch-22.
 A Steady Rain is a play by Keith Huff. With a plot similar to a real-life event involving Jeffrey Dahmer it focuses on two Chicago policemen who inadvertently return a Vietnamese boy to a cannibalistic serial killer who claims to be the child's uncle. When he later becomes the man's latest victim the lifelong friendship of the two men is threatened when it becomes clear someone must bear responsibility for their egregious failure to assess the situation accurately.
 Prodromus Entomology is one of the earliest books about Australian natural history and the first book about Australia containing plates engraved in Australia. The full title of the first edition is Prodromus Entomology. Natural History of Lepidopterous Insects of New South Wales collected engraved and faithfully painted after nature.
 A Russian Beauty and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Vladimir Nabokov. All were written in Russian by Nabokov between 1923 and 1940 as an expatriate in Berlin Paris and other places in western Europe. They appeared individually in the Russian émigré press. Subsequently they were translated into English by him and his son Dmitri Nabokov but for the first story which was translated by Simon Karlinsky. The collection was published in 1973.
 Nomad: From Islam to America: A Personal Journey Through the Clash of Civilizations (first published May 18 2010) is a memoir by Ayaan Hirsi Ali a sequel to her New York Times bestseller Infidel.
 Media Culture & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Sociology. The journal's editors are Raymond Boyle (University Of Glasgow) John Corner (University of Leeds) Anna Reading (London South Bank University) Paddy Scannell (University Of Michigan) Philip Schlesinger (University Of Glasgow) and Colin Sparks (University Of Westminster). It has been in publication since 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Epistles (or Letters) of Horace were published in two books in 20 BC and 14 BC respectively. Epistularum liber primus (First Book of Letters) is the seventh work by Horace published in the year 20 BC. This book consists of 20 Epistles. The phrase sapere aude (dare to be wise) comes from this collection of poems.Epistularum liber secundus (Second Book of Letters) was published in the year 14 BC. This book consists of 3 Epistles.
 Click Clack Moo: Cows That Type is an award-winning children's book by Doreen Cronin. Illustrated by Betsy Lewin the Simon & Schuster book tells the story of Farmer Brown's cows who find an old typewriter in the barn and proceed to write letters to Farmer Brown listing various demands.Click Clack Moo: Cows That Type was a 2001 Caldecott Honor book.
 Foot & Ankle Specialist is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of orthopedics. The editors-in-chief are Gregory C. Berlet and Lowell Weil Jr. (Weil Foot & Ankle Institute). It was established in 2008 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Golden Checkerboard (1965) is a book by Ed Ainsworth. Its subject matter concerns the mid-20th century economic conditions of the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians of Palm Springs California and the history of the 99-year lease law which enabled them to commercially develop tribal owned lands.
 Agatha Raisin and the Deadly Dance is the fifteenth Agatha Raisin mystery novel by Marion Chesney under her pseudonym M. C. Beaton. She sets up her own detective agency Raisin Investigations having previously investigated as a hobby. There are three attempts to assassinate her with two attempts killing another would-be assassin.
 American Atheist Magazine is a quarterly magazine currently edited by Pamela Whissel and published by American Atheists. American Atheist is available in print for a yearly subscription fee electronically with an annual membership in American Atheists or on newsstands at select Barnes & Noble bookstores.
 Gunsmoke Western was an American comic book series published initially by Atlas Comics the 1950s forerunner of Marvel Comics and then into the 1960s by Marvel. A Western anthology that ran 46 issues it featured early stories of the Marvel Old West heroes Kid Colt and the Two-Gun Kid and work by such artists as Jack Kirby John Severin Joe Maneely Doug Wildey and many others.
 Helena published in 1950 is the sole historical novel of Evelyn Waugh.It follows the quest of Helena to find the relics of the cross on which Christ was crucified. Helena a Christian was the mother of the Roman emperor Constantine I.The book has been described as lacking the characteristic biting satire for which Waugh is best known.
 Roc and a Hard Place is the nineteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 For other uses see MLN (disambiguation).Modern Language Notes is an academic journal established in 1886 at the Johns Hopkins University where it is still edited and published with the intention of introducing continental European literary criticism into American scholarship. Each year one issue is devoted to each of the four languages of concern. The fifth issue focuses on comparative literature.
 Galactic North (ISBN 0-575-07910-X published by Gollancz) is a collection of short stories by the science fiction author Alastair Reynolds. It comprises most of Reynold's short stories and novellas set in the Revelation Space universe.
 The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion (2005) is a nonfiction book written by scholars Wayne G. Hammond and Christina Scull. It is an annotated reference to J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. Hammond and Scull proceed chapter-by-chapter from the original foreword through to the end of The Lord of the Rings. Appendices examining the evolution of the text changes inconsistencies and errors often using comments from Tolkien's own notes and letters.
 The English Mechanic and World of Science was a popular-science magazine published weekly from 1865 to 1926 generally consisting of 24 pages. It was aimed at people interested in inventions and gadgets and new discoveries in science technology and mathematics. The magazine popularized amateur telescope construction in the UK and later in the United States after the Reverend William Frederick Archdall Ellison's articles on the subject were reprinted in the Scientific American.
 Siegessäule is a German magazine for the LGBT community based in Berlin.
 Generation X is a 1965 165-page book on popular youth culture by British journalists Jane Deverson and Charles Hamblett. It contains interviews with teenagers who were part of the Mod subculture. It began as a series of interviews in a 1964 study of British youth commissioned by British lifestyle magazine Woman's Own where Deverson worked.
 Terror by Satellite is a juvenile science fiction novel the seventh in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in 1964 in the UK by Faber and in the US by Criterion Books. Later published in Portugal by Galeria panorama under the name Pânico no satélite
 BeE WOMAN is a quarterly women’s magazine published in Dallas Texas by Femme Publications L.L.P. Founded in 2005 in the United States the first issue and overall concept of BeE WOMAN was created by the magazine’s CEO and Co-Publisher Celine Gumbiner. The magazine imparts many varied and complex topics for professional women in an informal tone. Topics include personal finance careers politics lifestyle and more.BeE WOMAN’s readership currently numbers over 300000.
 Two Sought Adventure is a 1957 collection of fantasy short stories by Fritz Leiber. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1957 in an edition of 4000 copies. The collections contains all of Leiber's Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser stories that had been written at the time with the exception of Adept's Gambit. The collection was expanded and published by Ace Books in 1970 under the title Swords Against Death.
 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne. A Highland Story is a gothic novel by Ann Radcliffe first published in London by Thomas Hookham in 1789.The novel is a set in a powerful landscape which became familiar in her later work with complex clan feuds and mysterious romantic intrigues played out against a backdrop of ruined medieval castles and rugged Scottish coastlines.
 The History of Independent Cinema is a book by film historian Phil Hall that traces the development of the U.S. independent film sector from the early days of the silent films to the current digital video environment. The book also focuses on specific independent film genres including documentary films race films Yiddish-language films and corporate sponsored films. The book was published in 2009 by BearManor Media.
 Here and Now: Letters (2008–2011) is the published collection of letters between authors Paul Auster and J. M. Coetzee.
 Trends is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the July 1939 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and was reprinted in The Early Asimov (1972). Trends was the tenth story written by Asimov the third to be published and the first to appear in Astounding then the leading science fiction magazine.
 The Falcon at the Portal (1999) is the 11th in a series of historical mystery novels by Elizabeth Peters featuring fictional archaeologist and sleuth Amelia Peabody.
 I Love You was a romance comic published by Charlton Comics from 1955–1980. Notable creators who worked on the title included inker Vince Alascia who contributed to nearly every issue during its 25-year run. Joe Sinnott drew many early covers; most were inked by Vince Colletta who worked on the title during the period 1959–1968. Dick Giordano illustrated a number of covers during this period as well. Charles Nicholas was a frequent contributor from 1959–1976.
 Les liaisons dangereuses is a play by Christopher Hampton adapted from the 1782 novel of the same title by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos. The plot focuses on the Marquise de Merteuil and the Vicomte de Valmont rivals who use sex as a weapon of humiliation and degradation all the while enjoying their cruel games. Their targets are the virtuous (and married) Madame de Tourvel and Cécile de Volanges a young girl who has fallen in love with her music tutor the Chevalier Danceny.
 A Dying Light in Corduba is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 The Road From Elephant Pass is a novel by Nihal De Silva. It won the 2003 Gratiaen Prize for creative writing in English. This novel is nominated as a selection for the Sri Lankan Advanced Level Literature examinations. It has been given the themes of war and survival. The book is a great resource for the learning of survival techniques and for handling situations in a complicated relationship.
 Marx's Theory of Ideology is a 1982 book about Karl Marx by Bhikhu Parekh. The work was inspired by Parekh's experience of racial discrimination in British society.
 Lieutenant Hornblower (published 1952) is a Horatio Hornblower novel written by C. S. Forester ISBN 1-85998-976-4.It is the second book in the series chronologically but the seventh by order of publication.The book is unique in the series in being told not from Horatio Hornblower's point of view but rather from Bush's. This helped Forester to explain Hornblower's unsuitable first marriage besides giving an objective view of Hornblower himself.
 The Journal of Pain Research is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on pain research and the prevention and management of pain. The journal was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 The Ashokavadana (Sanskrit: अशोकावदान  Narrative of Ashoka) is a 2nd-century CE text that describes the birth and reign of the Maurya Emperor Ashoka the Great. It contains legends as well as historical narratives and glorifies Ashoka as a Buddhist emperor whose only ambition was to spread Buddhism far and wide.Ashokavadana is one of the avadana texts contained in the Divyavadana (Divine Narrative) an anthology of several Buddhist legends and narratives.
 Dead Run is the third book by mother and daughter authors P. J. Tracy. It follows on from their first and second books Want to Play? and Live Bait and has the same principal characters.
 Colonial Survey is a 1957 collection of science fiction short stories by Murray Leinster. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1957 in an edition of 5000 copies. The collection was reprinted by Avon Books in 1957 under the title The Planet Explorer. The stories all originally appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 Power Without Glory is a 1950 novel written by Australian writer Frank Hardy. It was later adapted into a mini-series by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (1976).
 Animal Vegetable Miracle: A Year of Food Life (2007) is a non-fiction book by Barbara Kingsolver detailing her family's attempt to eat only locally grown food for an entire year.The book revolves around the concept of improving the family's diet by eating only foods that her family was able to grow themselves or obtain locally (save for grains and olive oil).
 Marvel Zombies: Dead Days is a comic book one-shot first published in May 2007 by Marvel Comics. It was written by Robert Kirkman and drawn by Sean Phillips with cover art by Arthur Suydam. It is part of the Marvel Zombies series. The issue is a prequel to Marvel's first Marvel Zombies limited series which had the same creative team.
 A Small Place in Italy is a travel memoir and autobiographical novel written by Eric Newby author of The Last Grain Race and Slowly Down the Ganges. In 1967 Eric Newby and his wife Wanda acquire an old run-down farmhouse in Italy I Castagni (The Chestnuts) in the foothills of the Apuan Alps on the borders of Liguria and northern Tuscany.
 Taylorsville Times is a weekly newspaper based in Taylorsville North Carolina covering Alexander County.
 Biggest Elvis also known as Biggest Elvis: A Novel is the first novel written by American author P. F. Kluge an ex-U.S. Peace Corps volunteer in the Pacific region and writer-in-residence at Kenyon College. This 1996 literary piece started out as a journalistic writing for Playboy magazine to illustrate the nightlife in brothels and nightclubs when fleets of American naval servicemen dock for sailor’s shore-leave on the port of Olongapo City.
 The Princess Diaries Volume IV: Princess in Waiting released in the United Kingdom as The Princess Diaries: Mia Goes Forth is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2003 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the fourth book in the series.
 The Twelve Tasks of Flavia Gemina is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published on June 19 2003. The sixth book of the Roman Mysteries series it is set in Ostia in December AD 79 during the Saturnalia. Its central themes are love and marriage.
 The Story About Ping is a popular children's book written by Marjorie Flack and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. First published in 1933 Ping is a colorfully illustrated story about a domesticated Chinese duck lost on the Yangtze River. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 Haratch (Armenian: Յառաջ) was an Armenian daily newspaper based in France.
 For other uses see Saint Helena (disambiguation).St Helena: a play in twelve scenes is a play by the English author RC Sherriff (notable as the author of the First World War drama Journey's End) and Jeanne de Casalis (who also researched it). It deals with the exile of Napoleon I on Saint Helena.
 The Shuttle formerly known as the Kidderminster Shuttle is a free weekly newspaper distributed to households in the Wyre Forest area of Worcestershire England on a Thursday. In the Stourport area it was known as the Stourport News and there was also a paid-for edition the Kidderminster Times; all three papers have had identical editorial content since 2005 although each had its own masthead front page until April 2006.
 Girlfriend magazine is an Australian teen girls magazine established in December 1988 by Futura Publications. It targets readers aged 12–17 years old with a mix of entertainment fashion beauty advice and lifestyle articles.Girlfriend gained media attention in 2005[citation needed] when it was the first magazine to allow readers complete control of the magazine's content via the website in an initiative called U Make The Mag.
 The Daily Reporter is an American daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Greenfield Indiana. It is owned by Home News Enterprises.It covers the city of Greenfield and several nearby communities in Hancock County Indiana. In addition to the daily newspaper the Daily Reporter produces two weekly newspapers in Hancock County the Fortville/McCordsville Reporter and the New Palestine Reporter. Home News also owns a third weekly in neighboring Madison County The Times-Post.
 A Story of the Days To Come is a novella by H. G. Wells comprising five chapters that was first published in the June to October 1897 issues of The Pall Mall Magazine. It was later included in an 1899 collection of Wells's short stories Tales of Space and Time.The chapter titles are:The Cure for Love The Vacant Country The Ways of the City Underneath Bindon IntervenesThe novella depicts two lovers in a dystopian future London of the 22nd century.
 Quadratic is a collection of four science fiction works by Olaf Stapledon and Murray Leinster. It was edited by William L. Crawford and published in 1953 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 300 copies. The book is an omnibus of Stapledon's Worlds of Wonder and Leinster's Murder Madness created by combining unbound sheets from the publisher's previous editions of the two volumes.
 Elliott Smith is a book about the musician Elliott Smith that was compiled by photographer Autumn de Wilde. According to Amazon.com it features photographs she took of Smith as well as his own handwritten lyrics and it includes revealing talks with Smith's inner circle many speaking here for the first time. The foreword was written by Beck and Chris Walla. The book was released on October 25 2007.[citation needed]
 Written by Sorush Pakzad Doozakhrafat  also known as Craposyncrasies is a book that contains the author’s satirical pieces in Persian which were posted on his personal blog prior to publication. The book includes 107 stories about gods prophets and angles and was published in February 2012 by H&S Media.The author’s critical approach towards the religious beliefs in the contemporary practices of Islam caught the attention of many critics.
 Jay's Journal is a book presented as an autobiographical account of a depressed teenage boy who becomes involved with a Satanic group. After participating in several occult rituals Jay believes he is being haunted by a demon named Raul.
 A Bend in the River is a 1979 novel by Nobel laureate V. S. Naipaul. In 1998 the Modern Library ranked A Bend in the River #83 on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. It was short-listed for the Booker Prize in 1979.
 The Book of Opposites (2010) is a novel by John David Morley a love story set in Berlin in the aftermath of the fall of the Wall.
 John Cotton’s Birds of the Port Phillip District of New South Wales 1843-1849 is a book published by William Collins (Australia) in a limited edition of 850 copies. It catalogues the ornithological artwork of 19th century Australian settler John Cotton along with biographical information about him reproductions of selected sketches and paintings and extracts from his journals.
 The Walking Dead: The Road to Woodbury is a post-apocalyptic horror novel written by Robert Kirkman and Jay Bonansinga and released October 16 2012. The novel is a spin-off of Kirkman's series of graphic novels and explores the back-story of one of the series' most infamous characters Lilly Caul. The Road to Woodbury is the second in a planned trilogy of novels following The Walking Dead: Rise of the Governor.
 Studies in Intelligence is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on intelligence that is published by the Center for the Study of Intelligence a group within the United States Central Intelligence Agency. It contains both classified and unclassified articles on the methodology and history of the field of intelligence gathering.The journal was established by Sherman Kent in 1955.
 Aristopia: A Romance-History of the New World is an 1895 utopian novel by Castello Holford considered the first novel-length alternate history in English (and among the earliest alternate histories in general).Though part of the major wave utopian and dystopian literature that distinguished the final decades of the nineteenth century Holford's book reverses the normal stance of utopian projection: instead of imagining a better society at a future time or in a far-off place he supposes that the founding of the United States occurred under different conditions and follows its development forward to a superior society in his own day.In Aristopia (Greek for the best place) Ralph Morton an early settler in Virginia discovers a reef made of solid gold. 
 DC vs. Marvel Comics (issues #2-3 titled Marvel Comics vs. DC) is a comic book limited series crossover published by DC Comics and Marvel Comics from April to May 1996. The series is written by Ron Marz and Peter David with art by Dan Jurgens and Claudio Castellini.Two brothers who personify the DC and Marvel Universes become aware of the other's existence and challenge one another to a series of duels involving each universe's respective superheroes. The losing universe would cease to exist.
 Click Click Snap is a 2007 book by Sean McGowan. It is a work of literary nonfiction and a photographic novel (but not a photo novel).The book has been released into the public domain. The full book can be read for free (see source).
 Le Canadien (French pronunciation: ​[lə kanadjɛ̃]) was a French language newspaper published in Lower Canada from November 22 1806 to March 14 1810. Its motto was: Nos institutions notre langue et nos droits (Our institutions our language our rights). It was released every Saturday and the yearly subscription was of 10 chelins or shillings.
 The Memphis Flyer is a free weekly alternative newspaper serving the greater Memphis Tennessee area. Liberal in its politics the Flyer covers local politics as well as music and entertainment regional sports and human interest stories. Circulation: 55000The Flyer was founded in 1989 by publisher Kenneth Neill. The current editor is Bruce VanWyngarden father of MGMT lead singer Andrew VanWyngarden. The Flyer is a publication of Contemporary Media Inc.
 Japan Sinks (日本沈没 Nihon Chinbotsu) is a disaster novel written by Sakyo Komatsu in 1973. Komatsu took nine years to complete the work. The publisher wanted it to be written in two different sections both published at the same time.
 Dodger is a novel written by Terry Pratchett set in early Victorian London and inspired by Charles Dickens' character the Artful Dodger.The book was released on 13 September 2012 in the UK.
 Missing May is a children's book the recipient of the 1993 Newbery Medal. It was written by Cynthia Rylant who has written over 60 children's books such as The Islander.
 The Journal of International Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of economics. The journal publishes articles on both theoretical and empirical aspects of international economics.
 Flyte is a 2006 children's novel by Angie Sage and the second book in the Septimus Heap series. The book's cover was modeled after the in-story book: How to Survive Dragon Fostering: A Practykal Guide with the Flyte Charm lying on top. Flyte was released in March 2006 through HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing.
 The Bulletin of the African Bird Club is an English language ornithological colour magazine published biannually by the African Bird Club since 1994. It contains material concerning the wild birds of continental Africa Indian Ocean islands west of 80° East and Atlantic Ocean islands on or east of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
 The Twilight of Atheism: The Rise and Fall of Disbelief in the Modern World is a book by Christian theologian and apologist Alister McGrath which traces the perceived decline of secular thought over the last two centuries.McGrath states that the book is an expanded form of a speech he gave at a debate in February 2002 at the Oxford Union.
 Baby-Sitting Is a Dangerous Job is a children's suspense novel by American author Willo Davis Roberts. It was first published in 1985.
 Johnno is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Australian author David Malouf and was first published in 1975. It was Malouf's first novel. In 2004 it was selected by the Brisbane City Council as the joint-winner of the annual One Book One Brisbane competition to find the book that best represents Brisbane. Johnno shared the honours with another more recent debut novel The Girl Most Likely by Rebecca Sparrow.The book has been adapted for the stage.
 Berliner Morgenpost is a German newspaper based and mainly read in Berlin where it is the second most read daily newspaper. Founded in 1898 by Leopold Ullstein it was taken over by Axel Springer AG in 1959. It was sold to Funke Mediengruppe in 2013. The paper had a circulation of 145556 issues in 2009 with an estimated 322000 readers The current editor-in-chief is Carsten Erdmann.
 Tumhari Amrita is a play directed by Feroz Abbas Khan. Its original cast includes Shabana Azmi and Farooq Sheikh. It is an Indian context adaptation of A. R. Gurney's American play Love Letters (1988) and the Hindi/Urdu version was created in 1992 by playwright Javed Siddiqui.
 The Kent and Sussex Courier is an English regional newspaper published in Tunbridge Wells Kent.The paper was the result of an amalgamation of a number of Kent and East Sussex local newspapers and hence has always been published in at least two editions one of which covered the western parts of Kent while the other covered the eastern part of East Sussex.After its purchase by Northcliffe Newspapers part of the Daily Mail and General Trust news group its publishing company was renamed Courier Newspapers. 
 Cell Biochemistry & Function is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. Its 2010 impact factor is 1.651. The journal was established in 1983 and the full archive is available online. The journal covers research on the molecular and biochemical mechanisms controlling cellular activity.
 Satanikus ENMA Kerberos (Satanikus ENMA ケルベロス Satanikus ENMA Keruberosu) or Satanikus ENMA Κέρβερος is a Japanese manga by Go Nagai and Eiji Karasuyama. It is a direct sequel to the Kikoushi Enma manga by Nagai with no relation to the OVA.
 The Koreans: Who They Are What They Want Where Their Future Lies is a non-fiction book by journalist Michael Breen. It was first published in 1998 by Thomas Dunne Books.
 The Glossop Advertiser is a weekly newspaper which serves the town of Glossop Derbyshire England. It is owned by Trinity Mirror plc. The paper's sister paper The Tameside Advertiser which is also a freesheet but covers the neighbouring Metropolitan Borough of Tameside in Greater Manchester. The main competitors to both papers are the Tameside Reporter and Glossop Chronicle which are both paid-for newspapers.
 Sellest mustast mungast is a novel by Estonian author Gert Helbemäe (et). It was first published in 1957.
 Cooking With Pomiane along with Cooking in 10 Minutes (French title: La cuisine en dix minutes ou l'Adaptation au rhythme moderne) is one of the best-known English translations of works by Edouard de Pomiane.A highly-respected scientist at the Institut Pasteur in Paris as well as a much-loved radio chef de Pomiane celebrates the joy of being in the kitchen inspiring confidence in cooks of all abilities.
 The Memory of Earth (1992) is the first book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card. The award-winning Homecoming saga is a loose sci-fi fictionalization of the first few hundred years recorded in the Book of Mormon.
 The Surgeon (2001) is a suspense novel by Tess Gerritsen the first of the Maura Isles/Jane Rizzoli series.
 The Varsity is one of the main student newspapers of the University of Toronto. In publication since 1880 it is the second-oldest student newspaper in Canada. The paper publishes weekly during the university semesters and online throughout the year. Originally a broadsheet daily it now issues in compact form. The paper focuses on campus affairs and issues directly relevant to all U of T students.
 Philip and His Wife is a novel by the American writer Margaret Deland (1857–1945) set in the 19th century fictional locale of Old Chester a Western Pennsylvania rural village near Pittsburgh.The novel tells the story of Philip and Cecil Shore whose marriage is a failure and the book explores the complications of divorce and morality among the middle classes.It was first published in installments in Atlantic Monthly from January through October 1894.
 The End of a Family Story (Hungarian: Egy családregény vége) is a 1977 novel by the Hungarian writer Péter Nádas. The narrative follows a boy who grows up in Hungary in the 1950s and whose grandfather tells him stories about their family's past. The prose frequently shifts in form and perspective. An English translation by Imre Goldstein was published in 1998 through Farrar Straus and Giroux.
 Twenty Houses of the Zodiac (1979) was an English-language anthology of twenty selected international science fiction short stories for the 37th World Science Fiction Convention (or Worldcon). It was edited by Maxim Jakubowski and published by New English Library. It contained stories from an international selection of authors some who had never had their work translated into English before. Most of the works are unique to the collection and were never previously printed or later reprinted.
 The Chilean Journal of Statistics is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers related to statistics including: Theory and methods Computation simulation and applications Case studies and surveys Education and Teaching Development evaluation review and validation of statistical software and algorithmsArticle types published are: Book reviews Review articles Short communications Letters to the editorIt is published by the Chilean Statistical Society.
 Madame Figaro is a French magazine supplement to the Saturday edition of the daily newspaper Le Figaro covering fashion and feminist topics.
 The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life is a seminal sociology book by Erving Goffman. It uses the imagery of the theatre in order to portray the importance of human social interaction. Published in 1959 it was Goffman’s first and most famous book for which he received the American Sociological Association’s MacIver award in 1961.In 1998 the International Sociological Association listed this work as the tenth most important sociological book of the 20th century.
 The Santa Fe New Mexican is a daily newspaper published in Santa Fe New Mexico. It is the oldest daily newspaper west of the Mississippi River established in 1849. The downtown offices for The New Mexican are located at 202 East Marcy Street in Santa Fe. In this office the advertising editorial accounting and administration departments are located. The New Mexican built a new 65000 sq. ft. production building in November of 2004.
 Princeton physicist Gerard K. O'Neill's 1981 book 2081: A Hopeful View of the Human Future was an attempt to predict the technological and social state of humanity 100 years in the future. O'Neill's positive attitude towards both technology and human potential distinguished this book from gloomy predictions of a Malthusian catastrophe by contemporary scientists. Paul R. Ehrlich wrote in 1968 in The Population Bomb in the 1970s and 1980s hundreds of millions of people will starve to death.
 Perpetual Motion is a science fiction short story written by L. Sprague de Camp a story in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It was first published under the title Wide-Open Planet in the magazine Future Combined with Science Fiction Stories in the issue for September-October 1950.
 Here is Greenwood (ここはグリーン・ウッド Koko wa Gurīn Uddo) is a 9-volume Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yukie Nasu and six-episode anime OVA revolving around the activities of four boys in Greenwood Dormitory at a fictional prestigious Japanese all-boys private school named Ryokuto Academy. The manga was serialized in Hana to Yume from 1987 to 1991 and published in English by Viz Media.
 Hyakko (ヒャッコ) is a Japanese manga created by Haruaki Katō. It started serialization on Flex Comix's free web comic FlexComix Blood on January 16 2007. An anime adaptation produced by Nippon Animation was first aired in October 2008 in Japan. An OVA was released on October 17 2009.
 Gateways is the seventh volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published by Gauntlet Press in a signed limited first edition (2003) then later as a trade hardcover from Forge (November 2003) and a mass market paperback from Forge (February 2006).
 Booky Wook 2: This Time It's Personal is the second memoir written by English comedian and actor Russell Brand published on 30 September 2010 by HarperCollins.
 The Daily Triplicate is a semi-daily newspaper published Tuesday through Saturday based in Crescent City California. It is owned by Western Communications who also publish The Bulletin in Bend Oregon.
 The Dudley News is a local free newspaper which has served the Dudley area of the West Midlands England since February 1985. It succeeded the Dudley Herald.The newspaper is currently edited by Paul Walker with a sports section edited by Chris Flavell.
 Reason and Revolution: Hegel and the Rise of Social Theory is a 1941 book by Herbert Marcuse.
 The Names (1982) is the seventh novel of American novelist Don DeLillo. The work set mostly in Greece is primarily a series of character studies interwoven with a plot about a mysterious language cult that is behind a number of unexplained murders. Among the many themes explored throughout the work is the intersection of language and culture the perception of American culture from both within and outside its borders and the impact that narration has on the facts of a story.
 The Last Parable is a 1953 novel by Alec Coppel about the life and times of a judge. It differed from much of Coppel's usual output in that it was not a murder mystery or comedy.
 The Half-Made World is a 2010 steampunk fantasy novel by Felix Gilman. It is set in an alternate version of the American Wild West where the far west reaches of the world are untamed and still being created. It tells the story of Liv Alverhuysen a female psychologist who sets off on an adventure to heal the mad and John Creedmoor an Agent of the Gun who is goaded into obedience to his master's orders despite his growing disdain for them.
 Varsity is the official student newspaper of the University of Cape Town (UCT). In 1942 the first edition of Varsity went to print.
 The Ballad of Lost C'Mell is a science fiction novella by American writer Cordwainer Smith.
 Blood Meridian or the Evening Redness in the West is a 1985 Western (or Anti-Western) novel by American author Cormac McCarthy.
 The University Press also commonly referred to as the UP is the student-run magazine of Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton Florida USA. The magazine is published semimonthly during the summer and weekly during the fall and spring semesters. The current editor-in-chief is Dylan Bouscher. Dan Sweeney serves as adviser to the magazine. Former adviser Michael Koretzky continues to advise the paper on a volunteer basis.
 Just for Fun: The Story of an Accidental Revolutionary is a humorous autobiography of Linus Torvalds the creator of the Linux kernel co-written with David Diamond. The book primarily theorizes the Law of Linus that all evolution contributed by humanity starts for survival sustains socially and entertains at last.
 Bin Laden: The Man Who Declared War on America (ISBN 0-7615-1968-8) is a New York Times Bestseller by Yossef Bodansky the former Director of the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare.The book provides a full account of the rise of Osama bin Laden and discusses Islamism.
 The George Washington International Law Review is a student-run student-edited publication of the George Washington University Law School. In its four annual issues the International Law Review presents articles and essays on public and private international financial development comparative law and public international law.
 Making History (1996) is the third novel by Stephen Fry. The plot involves the creation of an alternative historical time line one where Adolf Hitler never existed. While most of the book is written in standard prose a couple of chapters are written in the format of a screenplay. The chapters with this style of writing tend to be action-heavy and allow a lot of information to be shared in a relatively short space of time. The book won the Sidewise Award for Alternate History.
 Nature Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in cell biology published by the Nature Publishing Group. It was established in 1999 and the current editor-in-chief is Sowmya Swaminathan.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal had a 2012 impact factor of 20.767 ranking it 6th out of 184 journals in the category Cell Biology.
 Raft is a 1991 hard science fiction book by author Stephen Baxter. Raft is both Baxter's first novel and first book in the Xeelee Sequence although the Xeelee are not present. Raft was nominated for the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1992.
 Shape Magazine (or Shape) is a monthly English language fitness magazine started by Weider Publications in 1981 founded by Christine MacIntyre (a pioneer in women's free weight fitness) and became the #1 women's fitness magazine. At that time Weider Enterprises consisted primarily of the bodybuilding magazine Muscle & Fitness.
 American actor Mr. T has headlined in a number of comic books both under his own stage name and in conjunction with his role on the TV Series The A-Team.
 The Sensational Spider-Man is a comic book series starring Spider-Man published by Marvel Comics for 35 issues (#0-33 with # -1 published in July 1997 between #17 and #18) from January 1996 until November 1998.
 One on One is a 1993 fictional novel by author Tabitha King set in the fictional New England town of Nodd's Ridge. The book was published by Dutton Adult.
 Fairy Cube (Japanese: 妖精標本 Hepburn: Yōsei Hyōhon) is a fantasy gothic shōjo (targeted towards girls) manga written and illustrated by Kaori Yuki. Appearing as a serial in the Japanese manga magazine Hana to Yume from February 2005 to 2006 the Fairy Cube chapters were collected into three bound volumes by Hakusensha and published from October 2005 to July 2006. A related short story Psycho Knocker appeared in the October 2004 issues of the same magazine.
 St. Anthony Messenger is a national Roman Catholic family magazine published by the Franciscan Friars (O.F.M.) of St. John the Baptist Province Cincinnati Ohio in the United States with the explicit ecclesiastical approval of the Archbishop of Cincinnati.The first issue of the magazine was published by the Franciscan on June 1 1893. Over the decades it grew into one of the principal Catholic family magazines in the United States.
 For the anthology by R. L. Stine see R. L. Stine#Dangerous Girls.Bitten a fantasy novel published in 2001 is the first book in the Women of the Otherworld series. It is Canadian author Kelley Armstrong's first novel.
 Svenskt biografiskt lexicon is a Swedish biographical dictionary. Edition work started in 1917. The first volume covering names Abelin to Anjou was published in 1918. As of 2006 names from A to S are covered. It is renowned for its very high quality standards; all facts are thoroughly checked.[citation needed]
 Special Delivery (1997) is a romantic novel written by Danielle Steel.
 Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata (冴えない彼女（ヒロイン）の育てかた Saenai Hiroin no Sodatekata lit. How to Train the Ordinary Girl to be a Heroine) also known in the short form Saekano (冴えカノ) is a Japanese light novel series by Fumiaki Maruto with illustrations by Kurehito Misaki. Fujimi Shobo has published five volumes since July 2012 under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint. It has received a manga adaptation in addition to two spin-off manga adaptations.
 Bright Orange for the Shroud (1965) is a sixth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot follows McGee as he attempts to salvage the money of friend Arthur Wilkinson after the man is defrauded in a semi-legal confidence scheme involving a land deal. PlotWhile enjoying another installment of his retirement Travis McGee is visited by Arthur Wilkinson who had briefly been part of McGee's circle before leaving to get married.
 The Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland. The journal covers anthropological topics such as archaeology civilisation ritual mythology religion society and ethnography and includes a book review section.
 Analog Integrated Circuits and Signal Processing is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Springer Science+Business Media. It was established in 1991. The editor-in-chief is M. Ismail (Ohio State University). The journal covers original research fundamental and applied on integrated circuits used for signal processing. Publishing formats include original research letters and tutorials.
 Professor Risley and the Imperial Japanese Troupe is a 2012 book written by Frederik L. Schodt author of Dreamland Japan and Manga! Manga! and published by Stone Bridge Press. It traces the history of American acrobat and impresario Professor Risley (Richard Risley Carlisle) and his attempts in the 19th century at bringing the West its first glimpse of Japanese popular entertainment. The Risley act is also named after Professor Risley.
 Clogher Record is a local history journal published annually since 1953 by the Clogher Historical Society (Cumann Seanchais Chlochair). It covers the history of counties Fermanagh Monaghan South Tyrone and South Donegal.
 Monthly Big Comic Spirits (月刊!スピリッツ Gekkan Biggu Komikku Supirittsu) is a monthly Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Shogakukan and aimed at males 20–25 years old. It originally launched on August 27 2009. It is a companion magazine to the weekly Big Comic Spirits.
 Hungry Hearts is a collection of short stories by Jewish/American writer Anzia Yezierska first published in 1920. The short stories deal with the European Jewish immigrant experience from the perspective of fictional female Jews each story depicting a different aspect of their trials and tribulations in poverty in New York City at the turn of the 20th century. The stories were adapted into a film of the same name.
 Marley's Ghost is a stage play by Jeff Goode which is a prequel to the Dickens novella A Christmas Carol. The audience follows Jacob Marley's seven-year journey from burial to returning to haunt Ebeneezer Scrooge. It contains all of the characters from Charles Dickens story but as seen through the jaded vision of Jacob Marley. Marley refuses to believe that he is dead. Then struggles against his fate.
 Musashi no Ken (六三四の剣) is a Japanese sports manga series written and illustrated by Motoka Murakami that focuses on kendo. It was serialized by Shogakukan in Shōnen Sunday between April 1981 and October 1985. Musashi no Ken received the 1984 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen manga.The manga was adapted as a 72-episode anime television series by Eiken.The manga was also adapted into an NES Platform game called Musashi no Ken – Tadaima Shugyō Chu (六三四の剣 ただいま修行中 lit.
 Ug is a children's book by Raymond Briggs. In 2001 it won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Silver Award.
 Young Sherlock Holmes: Red Leech (U.S. edition title: Rebel Fire) is the second novel in the Young Sherlock Holmes series that depicts Arthur Conan Doyle's detective Sherlock Holmes as a teenager in the 1860s. It was written by Andrew Lane and released in the United Kingdom on 5 November 2010 by Macmillan Books. It is a sequel to Young Sherlock Holmes: Death Cloud and was followed by Young Sherlock Holmes: Black Ice which was released on 26 May 2011.
 The American Sociological Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of sociology. It is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Sociological Association. It was established in 1936. The current editors-in-chief are Tony Brown Katharine Donato Larry Isaac and Holly McCammon (Vanderbilt University).
 Bug is a play by American playwright Tracy Letts. It was adapted into a film in 2006 with Letts writing the screenplay and Michael Shannon reprising his role as Peter.
 The Conan Chronicles: Volume 1: The People of the Black Circle is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 2000 by Gollancz as eighth volume of their Fantasy Masterworks series. The book edited by Stephen Jones presents the stories in their internal chronological order.
 The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom in May 1934 by Hodder and Stoughton and the United States by The Crime Club.
 Cartas Chilenas (in English: Chilean Letters) is an unfinished series of satirical poems whose authorship is attributed to Luso-Brazilian Neoclassic poet Tomás António Gonzaga. The poems circulated in the city of Vila Rica (presently named Ouro Preto) as several pamphlets for several years before the 1789 Minas Conspiracy but were discontinued after the Conspiracy was dismantled as Gonzaga was sent to exile in the Island of Mozambique.
 Crusade in Jeans (1973) is a children's novel written by Thea Beckman. It contains a fictional account of the children's crusade of 1212 as witnessed by Rudolf Hefting a boy from the 20th century. The original Dutch title is Kruistocht in spijkerbroek. A film version was released in 2006.
 Salmonella Men on Planet Porno (2006) is a collection of short stories by Japanese science fiction and metafiction writer Yasutaka Tsutsui in English translation by Andrew Driver. Not to be confused with the original Japanese collection ポルノ惑星のサルモネラ人間 (Poruno Wakusei no Sarumonera Ningen) these stories have been selected from a number of works written by Yasutaka Tsutsui. First published by Alma Books in the UK a US edition was produced by Pantheon Books (Random House) in November 2008.
 Myauk Nan Kyaung Yazawin (Burmese: မြောက်‌နန်းကျောင်း ရာဇဝင်) is a 17th-century Burmese chronicle commissioned by King Pye (r. 1661–1671) and written by Myauk Nan Kyaung Sayadaw a Buddhist monk. It is an abridged history of Burmese kings to the era.
 Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West is a novel published in 1995 written by Gregory Maguire and illustrated by Douglas Smith. It is a revisionist look at the land and characters of Oz from L. Frank Baum's 1900 novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz its sequels and the 1939 film adaption The Wizard of Oz.
 Pornografia is a 1960 novel by the Polish writer Witold Gombrowicz. The narrative revolves around two middle-aged Warsawian intellectuals who during a trip to the countryside construct a scheme to make two teenagers fall in love.
 A Glossary of the Tribes and Castes of the Punjab and North-West Frontier Province is an ethnological study of areas of present-day Pakistan and India.It was compiled by Indian Civil Service administrator H.A. Rose based on the 1883 and 1892 census reports for the Punjab. It was originally published in Lahore at a price of 22 shillings for the three volume set.
 April Twilights is a 1903 collection of poems by Willa Cather. It was reedited by Cather in 1923 and 1933. The poems were first published in many literary reviews often under pen names.
 Supergod is a 5-issue comic book limited series created by Warren Ellis published by Avatar Press with art by Garrie Gastonny. Issue 1 was released in November 2009.
 The Construction and Principal Uses of Mathematical Instruments (French: Traité de la construction et des principaux usages des instrumens de mathématique) is a book by Nicholas Bion first published in 1709. It was translated into English in 1723 by Edmund Stone.It was described as the most famous book devoted to instruments by historian of science David M. Knight.
 When I Was Puerto Rican is a 1993 autobiography written by Puerto Rican native Esmeralda Santiago. It is the first of three installments followed by Almost a Woman and The Turkish Lover. This first book begins by describing Santiago's life in Macún Puerto Rico. It details the circumstances that led to her mother bringing her and her siblings to New York. The second part of the book describes Santiago's initial adjustment to life in America.
 Among the Thugs: The Experience and the Seduction of Crowd Violence is a 1990 work of journalism by American writer Bill Buford documenting football hooliganism in the United Kingdom.Buford who lived in the UK at the time became interested in crowd hooliganism when on his way home from Cardiff in 1982 he boarded a train that was commandeered by supporters coming from a football match.
 The Blind Barber first published in October 1934 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Carry Me Down (2006) is the second novel of British writer M. J. Hyland. It was awarded the Hawthornden Prize and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize.Carry me down is a spell-binding story of a young boy who can detect lies. Set in a small village this extraordinary boy John Egan first realised his powers when his father ruthlessly killed three kittens and lied about not feeling bad. He had warm relations with his kind-hearted mother.
 Krishna Patrika is a Telugu-language newspaper founded by Indian freedom fighter Konda Venkatappayya.
 The Mirador (2007) is a fantasy novel by Sarah Monette. It is the third book of the Doctrine of Labyrinths series which includes Mélusine The Virtu and Corambis.
 House of Secrets was an occult and horror-themed comic book series written by Steven T. Seagle. The art was by Teddy Kristiansen with occasional assistance by Christian Højgaard Guy Davis Duncan Fegredo and the Pander Brothers.
 Red & Black is the student newspaper for Washington & Jefferson College. The student staff handles all aspects of the production including writing editing graphic design layout and advertising sales. The Red & Black features campus events and happenings student and faculty art student opinion college athletic coverage and local and world news.
 The American Pageant initially written by Thomas A. Bailey is an American high school history textbook often used for AP United States History AICE American History as well as IB History of the Americas courses. Since Bailey's death in 1983 the book has been updated by historians David M. Kennedy and Lizabeth Cohen and it is now in its fifteenth edition.
 Mary Ann in Autumn (2010) is the eighth book in the Tales of the City series by San Francisco novelist Armistead Maupin. It was released on November 2 2010.In the novel Mary Ann Singleton returns from New York City with a need for support and a secret that she needs to share with Michael 'Mouse' Tolliver.Mary Ann in Autumn is the third book in the series to be written as a novel rather than as a serial.
 The Yangtse Evening Post is a Chinese Language newspaper published from Nanjing China. It is one of world's most circulated newspapers.
 Encyclopedia of the Central Intelligence Agency is a 2003 book by W. Thomas Smith Jr. It is an encyclopedic work on the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) the only independent agency of the United States federal government that is tasked with intelligence-gathering. The work chronicles the history of the agency from its founding in 1947 through the War on Terror which began after September 11 2001. The encyclopedia's chronology ends in 2003.
 Salem (long title: Salem: Queen of Thorns) is a 4-issue American comic book limited series published by Boom! Studios and written by Chris Morgan and Kevin W. Walsh.
 Going Home is a children's novel by K. M. Peyton. It was first published in 1982.The book is set in the present day starting in London but mostly set in Normandy France. It tells the story of Milly and Micky who come from a problem family. Their father has abandoned the family and their mother has gone into hospital. The book does not say but it is implied the mother suffers from depression.The children's uncle and aunt take them on a narrow boat holiday to France.
 Classics from the Comics was a UK comic published from March 1996 until October 2010. Published monthly it was D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd's third all-reprint comic. It replaced The Best of Topper and The Best of Beezer which had reprinted old strips for some years.Classics from the Comics collected archive comic strips from eight comic titles – the still going The Beano and The Dandy and the defunct Beezer Topper Nutty Sparky Cracker and Buzz.
 We Think Therefore We Are (2009) is a science fiction anthology of new short stories edited by Peter Crowther the sixth in his themed science fiction anthology series for DAW Books. The main topic of the fifteen stories in the book is artificial intelligence.
 Driving Out a Devil (German: Er treibt den Teufel aus) is an early one-act farce by the 20th-century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht. It was written in prose probably in 1919 and was first published in volume 13 of Brecht's Stücke. The play charts the attempts of a self-confident and manipulative Bavarian peasant boy to outwit the vigilant parents of a girl of his village. Ronald Hayman suggests that this play dramatises most clearly Brecht's own ability to influence people.
 The Mennonite Quarterly Review (MQR) is an interdisciplinary review journal devoted to Anabaptist and Mennonite history theology and contemporary issues. Published continuously since its conception in 1927 by Harold S. Bender and the Mennonite Historical Society the journal is now a cooperative publication along with Goshen College and the Associated Mennonite Biblical Seminary.
 The Art of Computer Programming (sometimes known by its initials TAOCP) is a comprehensive monograph written by Donald Knuth that covers many kinds of programming algorithms and their analysis.Knuth began the project originally conceived as a single book with twelve chapters in 1962. The first three of what was then expected to be a seven-volume set were published in 1968 1969 and 1973. The first installment of Volume 4 (a paperback fascicle) was published in 2005.
 Five Have A Wonderful Time (published in 1952) is a popular children's book written by Enid Blyton. It is the eleventh novel in the Famous Five series of books.
 Occupational and Environmental Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal which covers research in occupational and environmental medicine. It is published by the BMJ Group and is the official journal of the Faculty of Occupational Medicine of the Royal College of Physicians of London.The journal was established in 1944 under founding editor-in-chief Donald Hunter as the British Journal of Industrial Medicine and obtained its present title in 1994.
 Banquets of the Black Widowers is a collection of mystery short stories by science fiction author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional club of mystery solvers the Black Widowers. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in September 1984 and in paperback by the Fawcett Crest imprint of Ballantine Books in June 1986.
 The Journal Standard is an American daily newspaper published Tuesdays through Sundays in Freeport Illinois. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The newspaper's coverage area includes Carroll Jo Daviess Ogle and Stephenson counties.
 The Observer is a British newspaper published on Sundays. In the same place on the political spectrum as its daily sister paper The Guardian whose parent company Guardian Media Group acquired it in 1993 it takes a social liberal or social democratic line on most issues. First published in 1791 it is the world's oldest Sunday newspaper.
 A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court is an 1889 novel by American humorist and writer Mark Twain. The book was originally titled A Yankee in King Arthur's Court.
 The Ontarion is an independent English-language student newspaper published at the University of Guelph in Guelph Ontario. As of 2004 it publishes each Thursday with over 10000 copies distributed weekly on and off campus during the fall and winter semester and bi-weekly during the summer semester.
 The Irish Medical Journal is a peer-reviewed Irish medical journal founded in 1867.It is the official publication of the Irish Medical Organisation and is a continuation of the Journal of the Irish Medical Association.
 Correio da Manhã (English: Morning Mail) is a major daily Portuguese newspaper (tabloid) published in Lisbon Portugal. It is published by the publishing division of the Cofina group.It is regarded as the most read general newspaper in the country. The newspaper focuses mainly on crime scandals and attention-grabbing headlines.[citation needed]
 Magical Taluluto (まじかる☆タルるートくん Majikaru Tarurūto-kun) is a comedy manga by Tatsuya Egawa that was published in the Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1988 to 1992 spanning a 21-volume collected edition. It was adapted into an anime TV series by Toei Animation that lasted 87 episodes and three feature films from 1990 through 1992.
 Stover at Yale by Owen Johnson is a novel describing undergraduate life at Yale at the turn of the 20th century. The book was described by F. Scott Fitzgerald as the textbook of his generation. Stover at Yale recounts Dink Stover's navigation through the social structure at Yale and his struggles with social pressure.
 Yamada Tarō Monogatari (山田太郎ものがたり Yamada Tarō Monogatari literally Yamada Tarō Story) is a Japanese manga series created by Ai Morinaga. The manga series published by Kadokawa Shoten ran from 1996-2000 with a total of fourteen volumes. Besides after the ending of the series. The author came out with another special volume about the other siblings within the Yamada Family called The Tale of the Yamada Family
 Icelander is the debut novel of Dustin Long. It is part of the Rectangulars line of McSweeney's Books. It appeared on the Los Angeles Times best-seller's list.The plot primarily follows the adventures of a character known only as Our Heroine as she attempts to solve the mystery of her friend's murder while repeated flashbacks detail her family's past adventures in the underground Icelandic kingdom of Vanaheim.
 The Journal of Religious History is an international peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Religious History Association. It covers current work in the history of religions. It also examines the relation of religions with other aspects of human experience.
 Tamara is a play of 1981 by John Krizanc about the painter Tamara de Lempicka. The play is based on the historical meeting of Gabriele d'Annunzio and Lempicka who was hoping to be commissioned by D'Annunzio to paint his portrait. He had invited her to his villa at Gardone Riviera on the southwest shore of Lake Garda a villa now known as Il Vittoriale degli Italiani.
 The Rivan Codex is a collection of background material to the Belgariad and Malloreon fantasy saga by David and Leigh Eddings. It consists of two bodies of material used in writing the novels one for each series with three informal essays by David Eddings. Belgarath the Sorcerer and Polgara the Sorceress do not have dedicated sections but are referred to in the Eddings' discussions and drew on the material of the first ten books.
 The first issue of Der Bay was published in January 1991 as a local newsletter for the Yiddish community in the USA. As an Anglo-Yiddish publication the articles are mainly in English with some Yiddish and others in transliteration.
 Born Yesterday is a play written by Garson Kanin which premiered on Broadway in 1946 starring Judy Holliday as Billie Dawn. The play was adapted intoa successful 1950 film of the same name.
 The Homeless Student (ホームレス中学生 hōmuresu chūgakusei) (literally: Homeless Middle School Student) is an Japanese autobiographical novel by Hiroshi Tamura. The novel was published Wani Books on August 31 2007 and is licensed in China by Shanghai Translation Publishing House and in Korea by Cine21.The novel was adapted into a two-volume manga by Yoshimoto Books an elementary student's novel two television specials by Fuji TV another novel by Hiroshi's brother and a parody film by Hideo Jōjō.
 Gladiator is an American science fiction novel first published in 1930 and written by Philip Wylie. The story concerns a scientist who invents an alkaline free-radical serum to improve humankind by granting the proportionate strength of an ant and the leaping ability of the grasshopper. Eight years later both metaphors were used to explain Superman's powers in the first comic of his series.
 Conan and the Treasure of Python is a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in November 1993; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1994.
 The Taunton Times was a free weekly newspaper in Taunton Somerset England.It was owned by Northcliffe Media part of the Daily Mail and General Trust newsgroup and ran from 1998 before it ceased publication in November 2006. Northcliffe claimed the award-winning paper was not making enough money.
 Theory of War is a 1992 novel by American-British writer Joan Brady. It took her ten years to write but was rejected by her US agent. It was then published by UK publisher Andre Deutsch to 'rapturous reviews' It has been compared to the writing of John Steinbeck Jack London and Frank Norris
 The Yemen Times is unified Yemen's first and most widely read independent English-language newspaper. The paper is published twice-weekly (on Mondays and Thursdays) and has its own printing press advertising associates and news service.It was founded in 1991 by Professor Abdulaziz Al-Saqqaf a leading economist and human-rights activist who was also its editor and publisher until he died in a traffic accident in 1999.
 Blue Friend (ブルーフレンド) is a yuri manga by Eban Fumi (えばんふみ Eban Fumi) which runs in the monthly shoujo magazine Ribon.
 Tom Swift and His Air Scout Or Uncle Sam's Mastery of the Sky is Volume 22 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 The Martyr is a poem by Herman Melville written about the assassination of Abraham Lincoln in 1866 one year after the event. Melville praises Lincoln in Christ-like terms calling him the Forgiver but predicts that his assassination will cause the forgiver to be replaced by the avenger.The poem appeared in Battle Pieces and Aspects of the War (1866)
 Save Me Plz is a fantasy short story by David Barr Kirtley. The story originally appeared in the October 2007 issue of Realms of Fantasy magazine and was selected for the anthology Fantasy: The Best of the Year 2008 Edition. The story follows Meg a recent college graduate who learns that her ex-boyfriend Devon whom she broke up with due to his video game addiction has vanished without a trace.
 Ghost of the Jedi is the fifth book in the Galaxy of Fear series by John Whitman set in the Star Wars galaxy shortly after Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
 Doosan Encyclopedia is a Korean language encyclopedia published by Doosan Donga (두산동아). The encyclopedia is based on the Dong-A Color Encyclopedia (동아원색세계대백과사전) which comprises 30 volumes and began to be published in 1982 by Dong-A Publishing (동아출판사). Dong-A Publishing was merged into Doosan Donga a subsidiary of Doosan Group in February 1985.
 CESifo Economic Studies is a journal on economics published by the CESifo Group. It was established as ifo Studien in 1955 and obtained its current title in 2002. The journal is abstracted and indexed by the Social Sciences Citation Index Current Contents/Social and Behavioral Sciences EconLit International Bibliography of the Social Sciences Journal Citation Reports/Social Sciences Edition ProQuest RePEc Scopus Social Science Research Network and Social SciSearch.
 The Abbot (1820) is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott. A sequel to The Monastery it is one of Scott's Tales from Benedictine Sources and is set in the time of Mary Queen of Scots. The story follows the fortunes of certain characters Scott introduced in The Monastery but it also introduces new characters such as Roland Graeme.
 A Place Called Here is Irish writer Cecelia Ahern's fourth novel published in 2006. The book was entitled There's No Place Like Here in the United States.
 Infection and Drug Resistance is al peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on infection treatments and strategies. The journal was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press. It is abstracted and indexed in PubMed EMBASE and Scopus.
 Watch on the Rhine is a military science fiction novel by John Ringo and Tom Kratman the seventh entry in Ringo's Legacy of the Aldenata series.The novel focuses on the invasion of Europe by the alien Posleen with an emphasis on Germany. Part of the technology brought to humans by the Galactics is the ability to rejuvenate old soldiers so that countries can draw on their combat experiences.
 A Random Walk Down Wall Street written by Burton Gordon Malkiel a Princeton economist is an influential book on the subject of stock markets which popularized the random walk hypothesis. Malkiel argues that asset prices typically exhibit signs of random walk and that one cannot consistently outperform market averages. The book is frequently cited by those in favor of the efficient market hypothesis. As of 2012 there have been eleven editions.
 The Saint in Trouble is a collection of two mystery novellas by Graham Weaver continuing the adventures of the sleuth Simon Templar aka The Saint created by Leslie Charteris. This is the first of three Saint books written by Weaver. Charteris who served in an editorial capacity received front cover author credit.This book was first published in the United States in 1978 by The Crime Club followed by a British edition by Hodder and Stoughton in 1979.
 Chuck Taylor All Star: The True Story of the Man Behind the Most Famous Athletic Shoe in History (also known as Chuck Taylor All Star) is a book by Abraham Aamidor chronicling the artistic achievements and history of basketball player and salesman Chuck Taylor and Chuck Taylor All-Stars. This book was published by Indiana University Press and released around March 2006.
 To Damascus (Swedish: Till Damaskus) also known as The Road to Damascus is a trilogy of plays by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg. The first two parts were published in 1898 with the third following in 1904. It has been described as Strindberg's most complex play and as his greatest play due to its synthesis of a wide variety of myths symbols and ideas with a profound spiritual analysis in a new dramatic form.
 Journal of the Physical Society of Japan (JPSJ) is a monthly peer reviewed scientific journal published by the Physical Society of Japan (JPS). It was first published in July 1946 (volume 1). The editor-in-chief is A. Kawabata until August 2010. The impact factor for JPSJ in 2009 is 2.572 according to Journal Citation Reports.Volume 1 consists of a single issue designated on the cover from July to December 1946.
 Ever Since Darwin is a 1977 book by the paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. Gould's first book of collected essays it originated from his monthly column This View of Life published in Natural History magazine. Edwin Barber—who was then the editorial director for W. W. Norton & Company— encouraged Gould to produce a book.
 Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Cyborg is a book written in 1987 by William F. Wu. It is part of the series Isaac Asimov's Robot City which are inspired by Isaac Asimov's Robot series and his Foundation novels.
 Dead Space: Salvage is a 2010 comic book interquel in the Dead Space series. It is published by IDW Publishing and is written by Antony Johnston with art by Christopher Shy. Antony Johnston also wrote the game's dialogue and the previous comic Dead Space.
 History of Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 26 of the American Psychological Association. The journal was established in 1998 and covers research on the history of psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Wade E. Pickren (Ithaca College).
 Henderson's Boys: The Prisoner is the fifth book in the Henderson's Boys book series by English author Robert Muchamore. It expressly follows the escape of Marc Kilgour a British spy working for the organisation CHERUB during the Second World War who was moved to a German labour team in Frankfurt in the previous book.
 The Vampyre is a short story or novella written in 1819 by John William Polidori which is a progenitor of the romantic vampire genre of fantasy fiction. The work is described by Christopher Frayling as the first story successfully to fuse the disparate elements of vampirism into a coherent literary genre.
 Lindy’s Sports also known as Lindy's is a sports magazine. It was established in 1982 and is located in Birmingham Alabama.Lindy Davis is its publisher and founder having started the magazine when he was a 26-year-old student at Samford University's Cumberland School of Law.
 Lost Empire is a Fargo adventure novel. The two main characters of the Fargo novels are adventurers Sam Fargo and his wife Remi. Lost Empire is the second book of the Fargo series. The book's hardcover edition was first published August 31 2010. Other editions of this novel were released on various dates in 2010-11.
 Republic Commando: Hard Contact is the tie-in novel to the video game Republic Commando written by Karen Traviss.
 Ghost Train is a 1996 children's book by Paul Yee illustrated by Harvey Chan.
 Year's Best SF 5 (ISBN 0-06-102054-0) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell that was published in 2000. It is the fifth in the Year's Best SF series.
 Resurrection Day is a novel written by Brendan DuBois in 1999. It is an alternate history where the Cuban Missile Crisis escalated to a full-scale war the Soviet Union is devastated and the USA has been reduced to a third-rate power relying on Britain for aid. Resurrection Day won the Sidewise Award for Alternate History that year.
 Manga Sunday (漫画サンデー Manga Sandē) also known by the nickname Mansun (漫サン) is a defunct Japanese weekly seinen manga magazine published by Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha. It started to be published under the name Weekly Manga Sunday (週刊漫画サンデー Shūkan Manga Sandē) in 1959. On June 5 2012 it start to be published twice in a month and the Weekly was dropped from its name. On February 19 2013 the last issue was published and the magazine was declared defunct by Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha.
 Worldwar: Striking the Balance is an alternate history and science fiction novel by Harry Turtledove. It is the fourth and final novel of the Worldwar tetralogy as well as the fourth installment in the extended Worldwar series that includes the Colonization trilogy and the novel Homeward Bound.
 The China Economic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics publishing quantitative analytical and performance and policy analysis on China's economy its relations with the rest of the world and other comparative studies. It is an official publication of the Chinese Economists Society. The founding editor-in-chief was Weijian Shan and the current editor is Belton M. Fleisher.
 Café Magazine is a monthly Swedish men's magazine focused on fashion style and culture including articles on food movies fitness sex music travel sports technology and books. The magazine is comparable to U.S. publications such as Esquire and GQ.
 Los relámpagos de agosto (officially translated in 1986 as The Lightning of August) was the first novel written by Mexican author Jorge Ibargüengoitia.
 The Paradise of Bachelors and the Tartarus of Maids is a short story written by American writer Herman Melville (1819-1891). It first appeared in the April 1855 edition of Harper's Magazine. Best known for his novel Moby-Dick Melville wrote numerous books and short stories. A combination of two sketches one set in the center of London's legal industry and the other in a New England paper factory this story can be read as an early comment on globalization.
 Greyspace (product code SJR6) is an accessory for the Spelljammer campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The book was written by Nigel Findley and was published in 1992. Cover art is by Tom Baxa with interior illustrations by David O. Miller and cartography by John Knecht.This 96-page booklet describes the area of space near the planet Oerth of the Greyhawk setting.
 The Syracuse Telegram was established in 1922 in Syracuse New York by William Randolph Hearst. Between the years 1922-1925 the newspaper was published as both Syracuse Telegram and Syracuse Evening Telegram and the Sunday edition was called the Syracuse American and alternately the Syracuse Sunday American.In November 1925 Hearst gained controlling interest in another Syracuse daily the Syracuse Journal (1899–1929) which he merged with the Telegram.
 Chi (Italian for Who) is an Italian weekly gossip magazine based in Segrate Milan Italy. It is published by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore the biggest Italian publishing company.
 Conjunctions is a biannual American literary journal based at Bard College. It was founded in 1981 and is currently edited by Bradford Morrow. Morrow received the PEN/Nora Magid Award for Magazine Editing in 2007.The journal publishes innovative fiction poetry criticism drama art and interviews by both emerging and established writers.
 Makes the Whole World Kin is a short story written by O. Henry (a pen name for William Sydney Porter) allegedly at Pete's Tavern on Irving Place in New York City.
 Mr. Monster is a 2010 young adult thriller novel the sequel to I Am Not a Serial Killer by author Dan Wells. It is the second book in the John Wayne Cleaver trilogy. The book focuses around the dual threats of the conflict between John and his darker side called Mr. Monster (which was also one of the aliases employed by serial killer David Berkowitz aka the Son of Sam) as well as the emergence of a second serial killer in Clayton County.
 The Batman Adventures: Mad Love is a one-shot comic book written by Paul Dini (writer on Batman: The Animated Series and Batman Beyond) and Bruce Timm (executive producer on The New Batman/Superman Adventures and the co-creator of Batman: The Animated Series). Set in the continuity of The Batman Animated Series it won an Eisner Award for Best Single Story in 1994. It was later adapted (with minor alterations for pacing) as an episode of the animated series The New Batman Adventures.
 Malta Spitfire: The Diary of a Fighter Pilot is a book written about George Beurling a Canadian Fighter Pilot and his time served in Malta during World War II. It was written by himself with the help of Leslie Roberts. This book was published in 1943 and has been reprinted several times.
 Ritam (Serbian Cyrillic: Ритам trans. Rhythm) was a former Yugoslav music magazine. Founded in 1962 Ritam was the first Yugoslav magazine dedicated to jazz and popular music paving the way for rock music magazines like Džuboks and Pop Express.
 Glaring Through Oblivion is the second poetry book by the Grammy Award-winning Armenian-American lead singer of the band System of a Down Serj Tankian.
 Pappilan neidot (Finnish: The Maidens of the Priest's Mansion) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 An Introduction to Old Norse is an English textbook written by E. V. Gordon arising from his teaching at the University of Leeds and first published in 1927 in Oxford at the Clarendon Press. It has been reprinted several times since. The Second Edition was revised by A. R. Taylor Gordon's former student and indirectly his Leeds successor. The book is commonly accepted as a standard text in the English-speaking world for studying Old Norse.
 After Doomsday is a science fiction novel by American writer Poul Anderson. It was published as a complete novel in 1962 having been serialized as The Day after Doomsday in the magazine Galaxy between December 1961 and February 1962.
 Morgenbladet (Norwegian for The Morning Paper) is a Norwegian weekly newspaper. It was founded in 1819 by the book printer Niels Wulfsberg and was the country's first daily newspaper. For a long time it was also the country's biggest newspaper. It was closed down by the German Wehrmacht during World War II. After the war it grew more conservative and struggled to survive partly because it refused to give in to commercialism and carry ads.
 Drik magazine dr^k magazine is an illustrated monthly international free internet magazine concentrating on the contemporary art world including video interviews of artists and genres updates about art movements show reviews and theory writings. It is designed for artists dealers art professionals but most importantly to new publics interested in all aspects of creativity and contemporary art.
 Oceanic Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the indigenous languages of the Oceanic area and parts of Southeast Asia including the indigenous Australian languages the Papuan languages of New Guinea and the languages of the Austronesian (or Malayo-Polynesian) family. Monographs on the same languages are published as Oceanic Linguistics Special Publications.
 The Winds of Sinhala is a historical novel written by Sri Lankan novelist Colin De Silva and published in 1982. The story is set in Sri Lanka in the 2nd century BC and is a fictionalized take on the historical events surrounding the Sri Lankan King Dutugemunu's campaign to defeat the foreign Chola King Elara and reunify Sri Lanka under native rule.
 In this book The Fun of It (Earhart's second after her travelogue 20 Hrs. 40 Min.) Earhart recollects how she became interested in being an aviator which led to her establishing several firsts for women and also becoming aviation editor for Cosmopolitan Magazine. She also profiles the careers of other pioneering female flyers of her time. Earhart also encourages young women to follow their own careers and dreams.
 The Orchid Thief is a 1998 non-fiction book by American journalist and author Susan Orlean based on her investigation of the 1994 arrest of John Laroche and a group of Seminoles in south Florida for poaching rare orchids in the Fakahatchee Strand State Preserve.The book is based on an article that Orlean wrote for The New Yorker published in the January 23 1995 issue. Plant dealer Laroche was determined to find and clone the rare Ghost Orchid for profit.
 Hangman's Curse is a 2001 novel by Frank E. Peretti. It is the first book in the Veritas Project series for teenagers.
 Vijaya Vani (Kannada:ವಿಜಯವಾಣಿ) is a Kannada-language daily newspaper distributed in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is published by the VRL Group owned by logistics tycoon Vijay Sankeshwar.
 Chiisai Oyaji Nikki (ちいさいおやじ日記) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Noi Asano. It will be adapted into an anime television series.
 Seduced by Moonlight is the third novel in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Moldova Suverană (ISSN 1104-7) is a Romanian language official newspaper of the Moldovan government which is published daily in Chişinău. It had a circulation of 100000 copies per day in 1994.It was originally founded in Balta in 1924 under the name Plugarul Roşu («Плугарул рош» lit. Red Ploughman. In 1930 it moved to Tiraspol and was renamed to the name it would have during the remainder of the Soviet Era Moldova Socialistă («Молдова сочиалистэ»).
 H. P. Lovecraft: A Life is a biography of H. P. Lovecraft (1890-1937) by S. T. Joshi first published by Necronomicon Press in 1996. The original one-volume edition was reissued in 2004 with a new afterword by Joshi.A new revised/uncut edition (as I Am Providence: The Life and Times of H.P.
 30 Days of Night: Red Snow is a prequel to the comic 30 Days of Night.
 Krautrocksampler: One Head's Guide to the Great Kosmische Musik - 1968 Onwards written by musicologist and former The Teardrop Explodes singer Julian Cope is a book describing the underground music scene in Germany from 1968 through the 1970s. The book was first published in the United Kingdom in 1995 by Head Heritage and was later translated into German and French. It has now been long out of print with original copies changing hands for surprisingly large amounts of money.
 The Hollow Men is a 2006 book written by Nicky Hager about the election strategies used by the New Zealand National Party during New Zealand's 2005 parliamentary election. The book has been adapted into a stage play and filmed as a documentary.
 The Venus Wars (ヴイナス戦記 Vinasu Senki) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko. It was serialized in the Gakken magazine Nora Comics from 1987 to 1990. In 1989 The Venus Wars was adapted into an anime film directed by Yasuhiko and co-written by Yuichi Sasamoto and Yasuhiko and produced by Bandai Visual Gakken and Shochiku.The manga was translated into English by Dark Horse Comics in the early 1990s.
 The Story of Mankind was written and illustrated by Dutch-American journalist professor and author Hendrik Willem van Loon and published in 1921.
 The Police Gazette (also known as The Hue and Cry) was a magazine produced in London from 1772 onwards for circulation among all the police forces of Britain. Its primary purpose was to publish notices of wanted criminals with requests for information and where appropriate to offer rewards.
 Lettin' It All Hang Out is the autobiography of drag performer RuPaul. The book was originally released in 1995 in hardback and then in paperback a year later. Although the book is classed as an autobiography it is self described as Part auto-biography part how-to manual. Aside from RuPaul's life story the book also contains a chapter on beauty tips.
 The Best American Short Stories 2010 a volume in The Best American Short Stories series was edited by Heidi Pitlor and by guest editor Richard Russo.
 The Birth of the Clinic: An Archaeology of Medical Perception (French: Naissance de la clinique: une archéologie du regard médical) is a 1963 book by the French philosopher Michel Foucault. First published in French in 1963 the work was published in English translation in 1973.
 This article is about the novel Further Tales of the City; see Further Tales of the City (miniseries) for the TV adaptation and Tales of the City for the entire series of novelsFurther Tales of the City (1982) is the third book in the Tales of the City series by San Francisco novelist Armistead Maupin originally serialized in the San Francisco Chronicle.
 The Limerick Post is a free weekly newspaper distributed throughout Limerick city and county parts of counties Clare Tipperary in the region of Munster Ireland.The Limerick Post was established in 1986 and remains the only locally owned newspaper in Limerick. The Post is published each Thursday morning.
 The Somerset County Gazette is a weekly tabloid newspaper in Somerset England.It is published in a tabloid format on a weekly basis and has a circulation of circa 21000.It was founded in 1836 and is now owned by Newsquest.
 The Beaverton Valley Times also known as the Valley Times is a weekly newspaper covering the city of Beaverton Oregon United States and adjacent unincorporated areas. Owned since 2000 by the Pamplin Media Group the paper was established in 1921. Currently based in neighboring Portland the Valley Times is printed each Thursday and as of 2013 has a paid circulation of 3857.
 Myanmar Alin is a state-run Burmese language daily newspaper and the longest running newspaper in circulation in Myanmar. The daily is considered to be the official Burmese language mouthpiece of the military government of Myanmar..
 The Maud Powell Signature Women in Music also known as Signature is an American online music periodical. It is published free of charge by the The Maud Powell Society for Music and Education a non-profit charity Section 501(c)(3) organization founded in 1986 and based in Brevard North Carolina. Signature launched in 1995 as a quarterly print subscription magazine publishing five editions through 1997.
 The Anatolian Journal of Cardiology (Turkish: Anadolu Kardiyoloji Dergisi) is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of cardiology. It was established in 2001 and the editor-in-chief is Bilgin Timuralp (Eskişehir Osmangazi University).
 The Knight is a fantasy novel written by American author Gene Wolfe depicting the journey of an American boy transported to a magical realm and aged to adulthood who soon thereafter becomes a knight. The first of a two-part tale know collectively as The Wizard Knight is told in an epistolary style and contains elements from Norse Arthurian and Christian Mythology. It received a nomination for the Nebula Award in 2005.
 Seattle Metropolitan or Seattle Met is a monthly local magazine for Seattle Washington. Its first issue was published in March 2006 and features reporting and feature articles on Seattle events people dining and restaurants popular places and attractions.
 Harm Done is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell published in 1999. The novel is part of her popular Inspector Wexford detective series and examines themes such as paedophilia and domestic violence.
 A House Like a Lotus (ISBN 0-374-33385-8) is a 1984 young adult novel by Madeleine L'Engle. Its protagonist is sixteen-year-old Polly O'Keefe whose friend and mentor Maximiliana Horne has sent her on a trip to Greece and Cyprus. As she travels Polly must come to terms with a recent traumatic event involving Max. The history of Polly's relationship with Max is told in flashback over the course of the novel.
 The Short-Timers is a 1979 semi-autobiographical novel by American U.S. Marine Corps veteran Gustav Hasford about his experience in the Vietnam War. It was later adapted into the 1987 film Full Metal Jacket by Hasford Michael Herr and Stanley Kubrick. Hasford's 1990 novel The Phantom Blooper was a sequel to The Short-Timers.
 The Blind Spot is a science fiction novel by authors Austin Hall and Homer Eon Flint. The novel was originally serialized in six parts in the magazine Argosy beginning in May 1921. It was first published in book form in 1951 by Prime Press in an edition of 1500 copies though fewer than 800 were bound and the remainder are assumed lost. The sequel The Spot of Life was written by Hall alone.
 Fatale is a supernatural noir comic book created by Ed Brubaker and Sean Phillips which began publication through Image Comics in 2012. The series was initially announced as a twelve-issue maxi-series but was upgraded to an ongoing title in November 2012.
 A Planet for the President (2004) is a novel by Alistair Beaton. Set in the not-too-distant future it satirically ponders the question of what action the President of the United States might take if he finally realized that global climate change is converting the earth into an increasingly uninhabitable planet also for Americans. Eventually persuaded by his aides to think the unthinkable the President in the novel Fletcher J.
 A March to Madness: A View from the Floor in the Atlantic Coast Conference is a book written by John Feinstein. It was written about the 1996-97 Atlantic Coast Conference basketball season chronicling each ACC school's team's season from the first practice to the Big Dance. It includes among other things Dean Smith's final season at the University of North Carolina and his team's Final Four run of that year.
 Nature Reviews Rheumatology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Nature Publishing Group. It was established in 2005 as Nature Clinical Practice Rheumatology and obtained its current title in 2009. The journal covers all aspects of rheumatology.Indexed by ISI Nature Reviews Rheumatology received an impact factor of 9.745 as reported in the 2012 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters ranking it first out of 29 journals in the category Rheumatology.
 The Iciest Sin is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. It is the eighteenth novel in the Inspector Ghote series but the nineteenth book to be published as an anthology of short stories was released the year before.
 One Day at a Time is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in February 2009. The book is Steel's seventy-seventh novel.
 Burger's Daughter is an historical and political novel by the South African Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Nadine Gordimer first published in the United Kingdom in June 1979 by Jonathan Cape. The book was expected to be banned in South Africa and a month after publication in London the import and sale of the book in South Africa was prohibited by the Publications Control Board.
 Vesper is a young adult paranormal novel by Jeff Sampson published by Balzer + Bray an imprint of HarperCollins Children’s Books in January 2011. It is the first book in the Deviants series.
 The Loughborough Echo is a paid-for weekly local newspaper owned by Trinity Mirror plc.
 End in Tears (2005) is a novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell the twentieth in her acclaimed Inspector Wexford series.
 The novel The Story of the Last Thought (in German Das Märchen vom letzten Gedanken) of the German-Jewish writer Edgar Hilsenrath is about the Armenian Genocide in 1915. The epic which has the form of a fairy tale (Märchen) and for which Hilsenrath received many prizes is regarded as the most important book about this historical episode. In 2006 the president of Armenia presented the author with the State Award for Literature of the Republic of Armenia for his work.
 Herald Media is a newspaper corporation located in Seoul South Korea and founded in 1953. It publishes the Korea Herald Herald Business Junior Herald and Campus Herald.
 Calico Bush is a children's historical novel by Newbery-award winning author Rachel Field. Considered by some to be her best novel it was first published in 1931 and received a Newbery Honor award.
 Sonar Kella (Bengali: সোনার কেল্লা) also Shonar Kella released in the United States as The Golden Fortress is a 1971 mystery novel and a 1974 film by Bengali writer and director Satyajit Ray. The film is an adaptation of the novel with minor plot changes and features the actors Soumitra Chatterjee Santosh Dutta Siddartha Chatterjee and Kusal Chakravarty among others. It is one of the most enduringly popular Bengali films and is still shown very regularly on TV.
 La Chatte is a French novel by Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette. Released in 1933 the book tells of a love triangle involving Camille Malmert her husband Alain Amparat and his Chartreux cat Saha. Camille loves Alain but Alain loves his cat whom he has had from childhood more than he could love any woman. The book mainly focuses on Alain and his refusal to leave the memories of childhood; his cat is the embodiment of his childhood.
 Le Courrier du Sud is a free French-language weekly tabloid newspaper based in Longueuil Quebec Canada. The newspaper is distributed to 143992 homes in the cities of Longueuil (boroughs of Le Vieux-Longueuil Saint-Hubert and Greenfield Park) Brossard and Saint-Lambert. 'Le Courrier du Sud is owned by Quebecor Media the same owners as the Montreal daily Le Journal de Montréal.
 Aesthetica of a Rogue Hero (Japanese: はぐれ勇者の鬼畜美学 Hepburn: Hagure Yūsha no Esutetika) is a Japanese light novel series written by Tetsuto Uesu and illustrated by Tamago no Kimi. A 12-episode anime adaptation by Arms aired between July and September 2012. It has been licensed by Funimation Entertainment in North America.
 Even Higher is a book describing the future of TV broadcasting as predicted by various industry figures.Published in 2012 by Broadgate Publications in Richmond UK Even Higher is the follow-up volume to High Above - The untold story of Astra Europe’s leading satellite company which describes the birth and growth of the European satellite provider SES and was published by Broadgate Publications in 2010 for SES’ 25th anniversary.It is a large “coffee table” style book (32 x 24cm) of 176 pages with hundreds of photographs.
 Komsomolskaya Pravda (Russian: Комсомо́льская пра́вда; lit. Komsomol Truth) is a daily Russian tabloid newspaper founded on 13 March 1925. It is published by Izdatelsky Dom Komsomolskaya Pravda (Komsomolskaya Pravda Publishing House).
 Neurology India is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Neurological Society of India. It publishes articles on the subject of neurology neurosurgery neuropsychiatry neuropathology neuro-oncology neuro-pharmaceutics.
 Scamp is a Disney canine cartoon and comics character the son of Lady and the Tramp appearing in the animated movies Lady and the Tramp and Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure as well as in comic strips and books of his own since the 1950s.
 Fermat's Last Theorem is a popular science book by Simon Singh. It tells the story of the search for a proof of Fermat's last theorem first conjectured by Pierre de Fermat in 1637. Despite the efforts of many mathematicians the proof would remain incomplete until as late as 1995 with the publication of Andrew Wiles' proof of the Theorem.In the United States the book was released as Fermat's Enigma: The Epic Quest to Solve the World's Greatest Mathematical Problem.
 The Rabbits who caused all the Trouble is a short modern fable written by James Thurber. It first appeared in The New Yorker on August 26 1939; and was first collected in his book Fables for Our Time and Famous Poems Illustrated (Harper and Brothers 1940).
 The Transformers: Revelation is a comic book miniseries published by IDW Publishing based on the Generation One Transformers and following on from The Transformers: Devastation. Unlike previous IDW G1 titles which were 6 issues each Revelation consists of four interrelated The Transformers: Spotlight issues focused on Cyclonus Hardhead Doubledealer and Sideswipe respectively.
 The Indian Journal of Nephrology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Society of Nephrology. The journal publishes articles on the subject of nephrology.
 Ocean of blood is the second installment in Darren Shan's The Saga of Larten Crepsley series.
 Mink Trapping - A Book of Instruction Giving Many Methods of Trapping - A Valuable Book for Trappers.
 Integrative Cancer Therapies is a medical journal focusing on complementary and alternative and integrative medicine in the care for and treatment of patients with cancer. Therapies like diets and lifestyle modifications as well as experimental vaccines and chemotherapy are the subject of this journal. Launched by SAGE Publications the first issue was published in March 2002. Current chief editor is Keith I.
 The Trouble with Normal: Sex Politics and the Ethics of Queer Life is a book by Michael Warner that discusses the role of same-sex marriage as a goal for gay rights activists. First published in 1999 by The Free Press an imprint of Simon and Schuster it was re-published in 2000 in paperback by Harvard University Press. Warner argues that the right to marry is an inadequate and ultimately undesirable goal for gay rights activism.
 Posh a play by the British playwright Laura Wade was first staged at the Royal Court Theatre downstairs in 2010. The play concerns an Oxford student dining club called The Riot Club a fictionalised version of the Bullingdon Club. The first production produced during the British General Election received a lot of attention and favourable if wary reviews including five stars from Time Out magazine.
 The Second Form at St Clares is the fourth novel in the St. Clare's series of children's school stories by Enid Blyton. The series is about the boarding school adventures of twin girls Patricia and Isabel O'Sullivan. Both girls have been promoted to the second form and are very excited about it.
 The News-Times is a 30000-circulation daily newspaper in Danbury Connecticut United States. It is owned and operated by the Hearst Corporation a multinational corporate media conglomerate with $4 billion in revenues.The paper covers greater Danbury a city in Fairfield County in southwestern Connecticut.
 Liar's Poker is a non-fiction semi-autobiographical book by Michael Lewis describing the author's experiences as a bond salesman on Wall Street during the late 1980s. First published in 1989 it is considered one of the books that defined Wall Street during the 1980s along with Bryan Burrough and John Helyar's Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco and the fictional The Bonfire of the Vanities by Tom Wolfe. The book captures an important period in the history of Wall Street.
 Biomedical Materials is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research on tissue engineering and regenerative medicine. The editors-in-chief are Myron Spector (Harvard Medical School and VA Boston Healthcare System) and I.-S. Lee (Yonsei University).
 Worlds' Finest is a comic book published by DC Comics. Launched in May 2012 the book was part of a second wave of The New 52 reboot and was one of six books replacing previously cancelled titles (in this case the publication uses a slightly modified version of the original title World's Finest). Written by Paul Levitz and with pencils by George Pérez and Kevin Maguire the book stars Huntress and Power Girl.
 Honey Hunt (ハニーハント Haniihanto) is a shōjo manga series written by Miki Aihara originally published in Japan by Shogakukan. The series began serialization in the manga magazine Cheese! in December 2006 with the first tankoban released June 26 2007 and the latest (volume 6) on December 24 2009.Honey Hunt is licensed for English language release in North America by Viz Media. It premiered in Viz's monthly manga anthology Shojo Beat in the September 2008 issue.
 Private Angelo was written by Scottish author Eric Linklater and first published in 1946. It had subsequently been made into a 1949 film of the same name by Pilgrim Pictures produced by and starring Peter Ustinov as well as adapted for the stage by Mike Maran Productions.The novel covers the (mis)adventures of an Italian soldier during World War II.
 Genocide Studies and Prevention the official publication of the International Association of Genocide Scholars is a peer-reviewed academic journal that seeks to educate inform and encourage new generations of scholars to conduct research on genocide and to provide a forum for those who wish to work toward genocide prevention.
 The House at Riverton is the first novel by Australian author Kate Morton published in the United Kingdom by Pan Macmillan in June 2007. It has been selected as a Summer Read by the Richard & Judy Book Club and was featured on Channel 4's Richard & Judy Show on Wednesday 18 July 2007. Subsequently it was the 2007 winner of the Summer read shortlist. It has also been chosen for the First Look Book Club on Barnes & Noble before its release in the United States.
 Dukool is a Bengali magazine that is published in the United States for Bengalis all over the world. Specifically targeting first generation and second generation Bengalis currently living in the United States along with Bengalis in Bangladesh and India. Dukool provides a source for all Bengalis away from home to be able to stay up to date on what is happening in their home. Dukool helps keep Bengalis all over the world informed about the world around them and is a Bengali News magazine.
 Out of the Fire (ISBN 0-8041-0104-3) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books.
 Talking With... is an American play by Jane Martin published by Samuel French Incorporated. The play is composed of eleven ten-minute monologues each featuring a different woman who talks about her life. The play includes the pieces Fifteen Minutes Scraps Clear Glass Marbles Audition Rodeo Twirler Lamps Handler Dragons French Fries and Marks. The play deals with the personal ordeals of each of the female characters.
 The Halloween Tree is a 1972 fantasy novel by American author Ray Bradbury which traces the history of Samhain and Halloween.
 The Originals is a graphic novel by Dave Gibbons published in 2004 by Vertigo Comics.The story deals with members of youth subcultures resembling the Mods and Rockers of 1960s England.
 The Wilkes Journal-Patriot is a newspaper based in North Wilkesboro Wilkes County North Carolina and published three times each week (Monday Wednesday and Friday). The paper claims a circulation of 15000 paid subscribers.According to its website The Journal-Patriot traces its beginning to the establishment of The Wilkes Patriot by Charles H. Cowles in 1906. Cowles was a Republican politician and served as a U.S. Congressman from 1907 to 1911.
 The Angolite is the inmate published and edited magazine of the Louisiana State Penitentiary (Angola) in West Feliciana Parish Louisiana.
 The Bridge is a street newspaper that gives people who are currently or formerly homeless an opportunity for self-expression and sustainable income. The Bridge trains and certifies people with experiences of homelessness to be independently contracted vendors of the paper. They purchase each paper for 25 cents and sell it on the street for one dollar keeping 100% of the profit.
 De Gestis Meni de Saa is a poem written about 1560 (see 1560 in poetry) by José de Anchieta a 16th-century Spanish Jesuit missionary in the Portuguese colony of Brazil who was called the Apostle of Brazil. The poem describes the heroic deeds of the Portuguese governor Mem de Sá and his soldiers fighting in the immense wilderness.The wars referred to were actually aimed at the systematic conquest and destruction[citation needed] of Tupi villages and fields and the enslaving of their inhabitants as a means of putting an end to cannibalism and facilitating their Christianization. 
 Approaching Oblivion is a collection of eleven short stories by American author Harlan Ellison. They had appeared in various magazines throughout the early 1970s with the exceptions of Paulie Charmed the Sleeping Woman which originally appeared in 1962 and Ecowareness which was previously unpublished.According to the author's introduction the book was originally conceived in 1970 as a call to action that would contain cautionary tales from Ellison's previous books.
 Against All Things Ending is a 2010 fantasy novel by Stephen R. Donaldson. It is the third novel in the Last Chronicles Of Thomas Covenant tetralogy and the ninth novel in The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant overall. It was released on October 19 2010 in the USA and on 28 October 2010 in the United Kingdom.A preview of the book's first chapter is currently available in PDF form from the author's website
 Gazeta Shqip is a newspaper published in Albania and part of Top Media Group together with Top Albania Radio Top Gold Radio part of pay TV platform DigitAlb Top News VGA Studio My Music Radio and musicAL.
 The Case for Mars: The Plan to Settle the Red Planet and Why We Must is a nonfiction science book by Robert Zubrin first published in 1996 and revised and updated in 2011.The book details Zubrin's Mars Direct plan to make the first human landing on Mars. The plan focuses on keeping costs down by making use of automated systems and available materials on Mars to manufacture the return journey's fuel in situ.
 The Loaded Dog is a humorous short story by the Australian writer Henry Lawson. The plot concerns three gold miners and their dog and the farcical consequences of leaving a bomb cartridge unattended. The story was first published in the collection Joe Wilson and His Mates in 1901.
 The Demon In The Sun Parlor is a novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in the late 1930s in the vicinity of Crandon Park in Miami Florida.It tells the story of the family of Captain Joseph Ludwig formerly the youngest captain in the U.S. Army.
 A Jolly Good Fellow (2008) is a novel by American author Stephen V. Masse.
 Our Gang (1971) is Philip Roth's fifth novel. A marked departure from his previous book the popular Portnoy's Complaint Our Gang is a political satire written in the form of a closet drama. Centered around the character of Trick E. Dixon a caricature of then-President Richard Nixon the book takes its cue from an actual quote from Nixon:As the book is written entirely as dialogue Roth uses stage directions such as impish endearing smile when Dixon is talking.
 The Official History of New Zealand in the Second World War 1939–45 is a 48-volume series published by the War History Branch (and its successors) of the Department of Internal Affairs which covered New Zealand involvement in the Second World War. The series was published during the period 1949 to 1986. A collection of booklets entitled Episodes and Studies were also published between 1948 and 1954.
 How I Learned Geography by Uri Shulevitz is a fictional story recasting a childhood memory.
 Eye Against Eye is a book of poetry by the American poet Forrest Gander. It includes ten photographs by Sally Mann for which Gander has written accompaniment pieces. It is divided into sections and includes the following:
 Three-Ten to Yuma is a short story written by Elmore Leonard that was first published in Dime Western Magazine a 1950s pulp magazine in March 1953. It is one of the very few Western stories that has been adapted to the screen twice in 1957 and in 2007.
 Princeps' Fury is a 2008 high fantasy novel by Jim Butcher. It is book five of the Codex Alera novel series.Tavi of Calderon now recognized as Princeps Gaius Octavian and heir to the crown has achieved a fragile alliance with Alera's oldest foes the savage Canim. But when Tavi and his legions guide the Canim safely to their lands his worst fears are realized.The dreaded Vord—the enemy of Aleran and Cane alike—have spent the last three years laying waste to the Canim homeland.
 Fiamuri Arbërit or Flamuri i Arbërit (English: Flag of Albania) was an Albanian magazine published from 1883 to 1887 by Jeronim de Rada one of the most prominent figures of Albanian culture of the 19th century.
 Orcs & Goblins is a supplemental book for the Warhammer Fantasy Battle tabletop game. The phrase orcs & goblins also refers collectively to all of the races that are described in this book which includes other greenskins as well. The book includes background information illustrations and game rules for these races.
 Parasite is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all aspects of human and animal parasitology. The journal publishes reviews articles and short notes. It is published by EDP Sciences and is an official journal of the French Society of Parasitology (French: Société Française de Parasitologie). It is published by EDP Sciences and the editor-in-chief is Jean-Lou Justine (National Museum of Natural History Paris).
 A Drunken Dream and Other Stories is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Moto Hagio collecting a variety of her short stories originally from 1970–2007.
 The Treatment is a 2001 novel by British crime-writer Mo Hayder. The novel is based around the theme of pedophilia. It features her protagonist DI Jack Caffery.
 Tent of Miracles (Portuguese: ''Tenda dos Milagres'') is a Brazilian Modernist novel. It was written by Jorge Amado in 1967 and published the following year. It was later adapted to a 1977 Cinema Novo (Nouvelle Vague) film by director/screenplay writer Nelson Pereira dos Santos.Tent of Miracles was written three years after the military overthrew Brazilian democracy and it is part of a series Amado called The Bahia Novels works exploring the region's past.
 Tonio Kröger is a novella by Thomas Mann written early in 1901 when he was 25. It was first published in 1903.
 Alix or The Adventures of Alix is a popular Franco-Belgian comics series drawn in the ligne claire style by one of its masters Jacques Martin (1921-2010). The stories revolve around a young Gallo-Roman man named Alix in the late Roman Republic. Although the series is renowned for its historical accuracy and stunning set detail the hero has been known to wander into anachronistic situations up to two centuries out of his era.
 Spider's Voice is a novel by Gloria Skurzynski. Published in 1999 the book follows the adventures of young mute Spider as he gets himself involved in the secret affair of Abelard and Eloise. The book is based on a true story.
 Hollywood Wives is a 1983 novel by the British author Jackie Collins. It was her ninth novel and her most successful. Hollywood Wives tells the stories of several women in Hollywood ranging all the way from long-time talent agents and screenwriters to vivacious screen vixens and young innocent newcomers. After the novel's international success it was adapted as a television mini-series by producer Aaron Spelling that aired on ABC in February 1985.
 The Executioners is a classic dark psychological thriller novel written by John D. MacDonald published in 1957. It was filmed twice under the title Cape Fear once in 1962 and again in 1991. The overall tone of the novel is not nearly as brutal as the film adaptations and especially the remake but it does carefully maintain a tense atmosphere throughout.
 The Journal of Aerospace Engineering Part G of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research in applied sciences and technology dealing with aircraft and spacecraft as well as their support systems. The journal was first published in 1989 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 Addiction Biology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on substance abuse. It is one of two journals published on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction to Alcohol and other Drugs. The major focus of Addiction Biology is on neuroscience contributions from animal experimentation and clinical point of views. The editors in chief are Rainer Spanagel (Central Institute for Mental Health Mannheim Germany) and Markus Heilig (National Institutes of Health Bethesda USA)
 In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson is a children's novel about a young girl named Shirley Temple Wong who leaves a secure life within her clan in China following World War II. She begins a new life in America because her father has taken a job as an engineer in the United States. Many Chinese customs and traditions are discussed along with their importance to Wong and her family.
 The Journal of Marriage and Family is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Council on Family Relations. It was established in 1939 as Living renamed to Marriage and Family Living in 1941 and obtained its current title in 1964. The current editor-in-chief is R. Kelly Raley (University of Texas at Austin).
 The Worlds of Aldebaran (French: Les Mondes d'Aldébaran) is a Franco-Belgian science-fiction comic series written and illustrated by Léo and published by Dargaud in French and Cinebook in English. The Aldebaran saga is divided into 3 cycles: Aldebaran and its sequels Betelgeuse and Antares. Each cycle is composed of some five albums and each corresponds to a different planet. Although it is possible to read the cycles separately they are chronological to form a coherent whole.
 The Singer of All Songs is the first novel in the Chanters of Tremaris trilogy by Kate Constable.
 The Daily News was a national daily newspaper in the United Kingdom.The News was founded in 1846 by Charles Dickens who also served as the newspaper's first editor. It was conceived as a radical rival to the right-wing Morning Chronicle. The paper was not at first a commercial success. Dickens edited 17 issues before handing over the editorship to his friend John Forster who had more experience in journalism than Dickens. Forster ran the paper until 1870.
 Commonwealth is the third full novel written by the American author Joey Goebel.
 Madness and Civilization: A History of Insanity in the Age of Reason (French: Histoire de la folie à l'âge classique) is a 1964 abridged edition of French philosopher Michel Foucault's 1961 work Folie et Déraison: Histoire de la folie à l'âge classique.
 Rough for Theatre II (also known simply as Theatre II) is a short play by Samuel Beckett. “Although this discarded piece of theatre is dated ‘circa 1960’ in End and Odds a manuscript from two years earlier exists in Trinity College Dublin Library. This situates a first version written in French [as Fragment de théâtre II] and different from that eventually published in 1976 as between the English plays Krapp's Last Tape and Embers.”
 Kobo the Li'l Rascal also known as Kobo-chan (コボちゃん) is a manga created by Masashi Ueda. Kodansha published the book in a bilingual Japanese-English edition and Kodansha America distributed the book in the United States.Kobo-chan began publication in the newspaper Yomiuri Shimbun on April 1 1982. Beginning in December of that year Soyosha published the series in book form. Nippon Television began airing the Kobo-chan strip on television on September 15 1990.
 The Reluctant Shaman and Other Fantastic Tales is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp first published in paperback by Pyramid Books in November 1970. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form. The pieces were originally published between 1939 and 1958 in the magazines Thrilling Wonder Stories Unknown and Fantastic Universe.
 Madeleine's Ghost is a well-regarded first mystery novel by Robert Girardi.
 The Journal of Correctional Health Care is a quarterly peer-reviewed healthcare journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of health care in correctional settings. The editor-in-chief is John R. Miles. It was established 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care.
 The Andalite Chronicles is a science-fiction novel and is the first companion book to the Animorphs series written by K. A. Applegate. Within the timeline of the series this book takes place before the first book in the series The Invasion. The book was published in late 1997 and was followed the next year by the second companion book in the Chronicles series The Hork-Bajir Chronicles.
 Patriotism (憂国 Yūkoku) is a short story by Japanese writer Yukio Mishima. It was written in 1960 first published by Shinchosha on January 30 1961. It was translated into English in 1966. The character 憂 (yū) actually means worry or concern and though Yūkoku is translated as patriotism the word bears with it a meaning more congruent with concern for one's country rather than patriotism directly.
 Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance is a memoir by Barack Obama. It was published in July 1995 as he was preparing to launch his political career in a campaign for an Illinois office five years after being elected in 1990 as the first African-American president of the Harvard Law Review. It covers the events of his life up until his entry into law school.Obama's March 2004 U.S. Senate Democratic primary victory in Illinois led to the book's re-publication in August 2004.
 Barazoku (薔薇族) is Japan's first male gay magazine commercially circulated. It began publication in July 1971 by Daini Shobō's owner's son and editor Bungaku Itō (伊藤 文學 Itō Bungaku).It is Japan's oldest and longest running monthly magazine for gay men. However it has ceased publication 3 times due to the publisher's financial hardships. As of August 2010 a total of 399 issues were published and Ito has announced the 400th issue will be the final.
 The Guide to Safety at Sports Grounds colloquially known as the Green Guide is a UK Government-funded guidance book on spectator safety at sports grounds.
 A Prisoner of Birth is a mystery novel by English author Jeffrey Archer first published on 6 March 2008 by Macmillan. This book is a contemporary retelling of Dumas's The Count of Monte Cristo. The novel saw Archer return to the first place in the fiction best-seller list for the first time in a decade.
 The Metamorphosis (German: Die Verwandlung also sometimes translated as The Transformation) is a novella by Franz Kafka first published in 1915. It has been cited as one of the seminal works of fiction of the 20th century and is studied in colleges and universities across the Western world. The story begins with a traveling salesman Gregor Samsa waking to find himself transformed (metamorphosed) into a large monstrous insect-like creature.
 Decision Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research about decision making within the boundaries of an organization as well as decisions involving inter-firm coordination. According to the 2010 Journal Citation Reports Decision Sciences is ranked 40th out of 140 journals in the category Management. Decision Sciences is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Decision Sciences Institute. The editor-in-chief is Asoo J.
 GameFan (originally known as Diehard GameFan) was a publication started by Tim Lindquist and Dave Halverson in September 1992 that provided coverage of domestic and import video games. It was notable for its extensive use of game screenshots in page design because of the lack of good screen shots in other US publications at the time. The original magazine ceased publishing in December 2000. On April 2010 Halverson relaunched GameFan as a hybrid video game/film magazine.
 Magic or Madness is the first installment in Justine Larbalestier's Magic or Madness trilogy. The three main characters are Reason Cansino Sarafina Cansino and Esmeralda Cansino. Reason and her mother Sarafina have been on the run from her grandmother Esmeralda for fifteen years staying in one place for seldom more than a few months. Her whole life Reason has been brought up with a hate for Esmeralda who believes in the practicing of magic and horrifying ritual.
 Pizzazz was a magazine published by Marvel Comics from 1977 to 1979 for a total run of 16 issues. Aimed at youth culture Pizzazz mostly contained articles about popular movies rock stars et cetera as well as comic strips and puzzles.
 Autumn Maze is a 1994 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the eleventh book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone and centers on the murder of the police minister's son.
 The Daily News is an English-language newspaper in Sri Lanka. It is now published by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited (Lake House) a government-owned corporation. The newspaper commenced publishing on 3 January 1918. D. R. Wijewardena was its founder.The present-day newspaper is written as a broadsheet with photographs printed both in color and black and white.
 Deeply Odd (2013) is the sixth thriller novel in the Odd Thomas series by American writer Dean Koontz.
 Notes from a Big Country or as it was released in the United States I'm a Stranger Here Myself is a collection of articles written by Bill Bryson for The Mail on Sunday's Night and Day supplement during the 1990s published together first in Britain in 1998[citation needed] and in paperback in 1999.
 Irish Whiskey is the third of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
 Varden is a local newspaper published in Skien Norway. It was first established with a test issue on 17 December 1874 with Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg as its first editor-in-chief. It has a circulation of 27341 of whom 25859 are subscribers. It has been published daily since 1895 and in the tabloid format since 2001 Its current editor-in-chief is Lars Kise who took over from Per Valebrokk in 2008.Originally Varden was owned by individual persons.
 Bird's Shadow is a collection of short stories by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin. Based on memories and impressions of the vast tour over the Middle East he and Vera Muromtseva undertook in the 1900s.
 The Times of India (TOI) is an Indian English-language daily newspaper. In 2008 the newspaper reported that with a circulation of over 3.14 million it had been certified by the Audit Bureau of Circulations (India) as the world's largest selling English-language daily ranking it as the third largest selling newspaper in any language in the world and the largest selling newspaper outside Japan.
 Outcast is the fourth book in the Chronicles of Ancient Darkness series by Michelle Paver. There are six books in the series. Outcast is illustrated by Geoff Taylor.
 The Man Who Could Not Shudder first published in 1940 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery (or more properly a subset of the locked room mystery called an impossible crime story).
 Trouble in Triplicate is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1949 and itself collected in the omnibus volume All Aces (Viking 1958). The book contains three stories that first appeared in The American Magazine: Before I Die (April 1947) Help Wanted Male (August 1945) Instead of Evidence (May 1946 as Murder on Tuesday)Each of the stories involves a character who is posing as someone else.
 High Priest is a book by Timothy Leary.
 The Crimson Patch first published in 1936 is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor which features her series detective Asey Mayo the Codfish Sherlock. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 For other meanings see Ride This Night (disambiguation).Ride This Night (Swedish:Rid i natt) is a Swedish historical novel by Vilhelm Moberg which was first published in 1941. The novel is set in the Seventeenth Century portraying Sweden as being occupied by the Germans. The novel helped to encourage anti-Nazi sentiment in neutral Sweden by drawing a parallel with Germany's occupation of much of Europe during the Second World War.
 The Philosophical Magazine is one of the oldest scientific journals published in English. It was established by Alexander Tilloch in 1798; in 1822 Richard Taylor became joint editor and it has been published continuously by Taylor & Francis ever since.
 Vigiliae Christianae: A Review of Early Christian Life and Languages is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Brill Publishers in the field of early Christian studies. According to the publisher:Vigiliae Christianae contains articles and short notes of an historical cultural linguistic or philological nature on early Christian literature written after the New Testament as well as on Christian epigraphy and archaeology.
 Tenderness is a 1997 novel written by Robert Cormier. It is the basis for John Polson's 2008 film of the same name.
 Condemnation is a fantasy novel by Richard Baker set in the Forgotten Realms setting based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. It is the third book of the War of the Spider Queen hexad.
 First Lensman is a science fiction novel and space opera by author Edward E. Smith Ph.D.. It was first published in 1950 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 5995 copies. Although it is the second novel in the Lensman series it was the sixth written.
 U2 by U2 is an autobiography written by the members of Irish rock band U2 and first published in London by HarperCollins in 2005. Bono The Edge Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen Jr. collaborated with their friend Neil McCormick a staff music writer for The Daily Telegraph to write the only authorized biography of the band. It portrays the story of U2 in their own words and pictures.
 Cambridge Review of International Affairs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on international relations. It is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Centre of International Studies of the University of Cambridge.
 Gli Indifferenti (Times of Indifference) is a novel by Alberto Moravia published in 1929.
 The Way the World is Going is a 1928 nonfiction book written by British author H. G. Wells.The book is a compilation of 26 articles and a lecture published in the United Kingdom and the United States throughout 1927. The topics range from politics to science and from social affairs to economics. Originally published in the Sunday editions of prominent newspapers the articles provided Wells with the best medium to air his social and political agendas.
 Ultimate Iron Man is the name of two comic book miniseries written by Orson Scott Card and published by Marvel Comics. The stories tell the origins of the Ultimate Marvel version of Iron Man who appears in The Ultimates.
 Welcome to Our Hillbrow is a novel by South African novelist Phaswane Mpe which deals with issues of xenophobia AIDS tradition and inner city status in the Hillbrow neighborhood of postcolonial Johannesburg. It was first published in 2001.
 Vanglaini is a leading newspaper in Mizoram State of India published by Pu K Sapdanga in Mizo language.
 The Mouthpiece of Zitu is a science fiction novel by John Ulrich Giesy. It was first published in book form in 1965 by Avalon Books. The novel was originally serialized in five parts in the magazine All-Story Weekly beginning in August 1919.
 Planine (English: Mountains) is a work of prose fiction generally considered to be the first Croatian novel. It was written by Petar Zoranić in 1536 and published posthumously in Venice in 1569. The story tells about a poet's imaginary seven-day journey across Croatian mountains on which he embarks in order to forget his love miseries. But the principle line of the story is patriotic in character.
 The Last Mile was a Broadway play by John Wexley that ran for 289 performances from February 13 1930 to October 1930 at the Sam H. Harris Theatre. It was produced by Herman Shumlin and staged by Chester Erskine. It is set in the death row wing of a prison. The lead role of John Killer Mears was first played by Spencer Tracy and it was the role that bought him to the attention of Hollywood. It was later played for a time by Clark Gable.
 The Planetary Report is a bimonthly magazine published by the Planetary Society featuring articles and photos of solar system exploration planetary missions spacefaring nations intrepid explorers planetary science controversies and the latest findings in space exploration and related subjects. It is an exclusive society membership benefit.
 The Sun Trail is a children's fantasy novel the first book in Erin Hunter's Warriors: Dawn of the Clans series. Following The Last Hope and preceding Thunder Rising it was released March 5 2013. The novel centers around a group of feral cats living in five Clans: ThunderClan RiverClan WindClan ShadowClan and SkyClan.
 The Land Report is a quarterly American magazine that focuses on topics of interest to those who own or seek to own or invest in land. In addition to its subscriber base The Land Report is mailed to The Land Report 100 Forbes' list of the World's 400 Billionaires the 100 Top CEOs Under 40 sports franchise owners in the U.S. and Britain a select group of brokers agents and landowners business managers and attorneys for celebrities and sports stars.
 European Car is a magazine produced by Source Interlink Media for European sports car enthusiasts. It covers Porsche Audi Ferrari and Jaguar to name a few. Its main focus however is to look into the European tuning world. It has a very conservative viewpoint preferring to keep the cars classic. In addition they feature do-it-yourself guides and after market parts for existing project cars. News on European concept vehicles is a common article topic.
 Black Flag is the name of a number of anarchist periodicals most notably the British anarchist bi-annual magazine Black Flag mainly known for its coverage of international anarchist politics as well as supporting class war prisoners.
 Saint Maybe is a 1991 novel by American author Anne Tyler.Tyler's plot explores the ways ordinary people react to disastrous events with quietly heroic behavior. When seventeen-year-old Ian Bedloe confronts his older brother Danny with his belief that the latter's wife Lucy is having an affair Danny commits suicide.
 A Handful of Dust is a novel by English author Evelyn Waugh published in 1934. It is included in the Modern Library List of Best 20th-Century Novels and was chosen by TIME magazine as one of the one hundred best English-language novels from 1923 to present.
 Wraith Squadron (1998) is the fifth of ten books in the Star Wars: X-wing series of novels. It was written by Aaron Allston.
 The Satirist or the Censor of the Times was a controversial 19th century British newspaper which featured reports of scandals involving well known residents of London. It was published by Barnard Gregory who faced multiple libel charges and was later imprisoned due to its articles. The Satirist was frequently criticised by commentators and James Hain Friswell described it as a poor imitation of Town and Country.
 The Black Book (Kara Kitap in Turkish) is a novel by Turkish writer Orhan Pamuk. It was published in Turkish in 1990 and first translated and published in English in 1994. In 2006 it was translated into English again by Maureen Freely.
 The Glass Bees (German: Gläserne Bienen) is a 1957 science fiction novel written by German author Ernst Jünger. The novel follows two days in the life of Captain Richard an unemployed ex-cavalryman who feels lost in a world that has become more technologically advanced and impersonal. Richard accepts a job interview at Zapparoni Works a company that designs and manufactures robots including the eponymous glass bees.
 The Garden of Paradise (Danish: Paradisets Have) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen first published by C. A. Reitzel in Copenhagen Denmark on 19 October 1839 with The Flying Trunk and The Storks in the second booklet of Fairy Tales Told for Children. New Collection. King Max read and liked the tale. Andersen biographer Jackie Wullschlager considers the story and its two companion pieces in the booklet as grim.
 Once Upon a Secret: My Affair with President John F. Kennedy and Its Aftermath is a book published by former White House intern Mimi Alford in February 2012. It contains the autobiographical account of the woman who had an affair with U.S. President John F. Kennedy towards the end of his life (from June 1962 to July 1963).
 Earth is a Science Fiction novel by Marie C. Farca published in 1972 by Doubleday in the United States.Novel's purpose is about a man calles Ames who accidentally discover a planet which is called Earth by the inhabitants. They live under a plastic dome protecting them from lethal gases.
 The Kenya Gazette is an official publication of the government of the Republic of Kenya.
 Last Orders is a 1996 Booker Prize-winning novel by British writer Graham Swift. In 2001 it was adapted for the film Last Orders by Australian writer and director Fred Schepisi.
 Kalvan Kingmaker is an English language science fiction novel by John F. Carr the third book in the Kalvan series and the sequel to Great Kings' War. Roland Green who was the co-author of the latter was not able to work on the book with Carr.
 Red Raven (レッドレイヴン) Is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Fujimoto Shinta. It was published between April 2010 and October 2013 in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Gangan and has been compiled and published in a nine-volume book set. A French translation was published by Kana in July 2012.
 Public Opinion Quarterly is an academic journal published by Oxford University Press for the American Association for Public Opinion Research covering communication studies and political science. It was established in 1937 and according to the Journal Citation Reports its 2011 impact factor is 2.247 ranking it 5th out of 89 journals in the category Social Sciences Interdisciplinary 4th out of 72 in the category Communication and 3rd out of 148 in the category Political Science.
 The Greenbelt News Review was established in 1937 as a volunteer cooperative shortly after settlement of Greenbelt Maryland and was originally called The Cooperator. It has been published without interruption every week since its founding and is distributed free by a network of carriers to all city residents.
 Sociology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the British Sociological Association.
 Five Days In Paris is a 1995 fiction novel by Danielle Steel and published by Delacorte Press. It analyzes honour integrity and commitment into relationships as well as hope. The book was a best-seller of Publishers Weekly for eighteen weeks.
 Love Marriage (2008) is the debut novel by author V.V. Ganeshananthan set in Sri Lanka and North America. Published by Random House in April 2008 Love Marriage was named one of the Washington Post Book World's Best of 2008 and appeared on the longlist for the Orange Prize. It was also selected as a Barnes & Noble Discover Great New Writers Pick. Ganeshananthan began the novel as part of her senior thesis at Harvard University under the direction of Jamaica Kincaid.
 The Consulting Psychology Journal: Practice and Research (ISSN 1065-9293) is published by the American Psychological Association's Educational Publishing Foundation in collaboration with the Society of Consulting Psychology (APA Division 13). It is edited by Rodney L. Lowman. Past editors include Richard Diedrich who edited the journal for 10 years and founding editor H. Skipton Leonard.
 Antiguo Oriente is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Centro de Estudios de Historia del Antiguo Oriente (CEHAO) (Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina Buenos Aires). It covers the history of societies of the Ancient Near East and the Eastern Mediterranean from the Paleolithic through the Greco-Roman period.Antiguo Oriente publishes articles and book reviews in Spanish English and French.
 Death Wish is a 1972 novel by Brian Garfield.
 In the Ocean of Night is a 1977 Fix-up hard science fiction novel by Gregory Benford. It is the first novel in his Galactic Center Saga. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1977 and for the Locus Award the following year.In the Ocean of Night was first published as a novelette in the May/June 1972 edition of Worlds of If Science Fiction.
 God & Golem Inc.: A Comment on Certain Points Where Cybernetics Impinges on Religion is a book written by MIT cybernetician Norbert Wiener. It won the second annual U.S. National Book Award in category Science Philosophy and Religion.God and Golem presents Wiener's ideas on machine learning machine reproduction and the place of machines in society with some religious context.
 The Monthly Labor Review is published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Issues often focus on a particular topic. Researchers outside of the BLS are welcome to submit articles.
 After the Dance is a play by Terence Rattigan which premièred at the St James's Theatre London on 21 June 1939. It was not one of Rattigan's more successful plays closing after only sixty performances a failure that led to its exclusion from his first volume of Collected Plays.
 Gon (ゴン) is a tiny fictional dinosaur and the title character of a Japanese manga series created by Masashi Tanaka. The Gon series features the completely wordless adventures of the irascible title character as he interacts with the natural world depicted by Tanaka in lush realistic detail. Gon somehow survived the extinction of his fellow dinosaurs and interacts with paleolithic animals. Gon was most notable outside of Japan for his appearance in the Tekken 3 video game.
 The East Hampton Star is a weekly privately owned newspaper published each Thursday in East Hampton New York. It is one of the few independent family-owned newspapers still existing in the United States. The owners live in East Hampton Town.The newspaper was founded by George Burling in 1885. His naming of the paper using East Hampton as two words created the modern spelling of the town's name.
 The Chronicle of Philanthropy is a biweekly newspaper that covers the nonprofit world. Based in Washington DC it is aimed at charity leaders foundation executives fund raisers and other people involved in philanthropy. The Chronicle of Philanthropy publishes 20 issues a year while updating its Web site daily. It was founded in 1988 by editor Stacy Palmer.
 Last Post is the fourth and final novel of Ford Madox Ford's highly regarded sequence of four novels Parade's End. It was published in January 1928 in the UK by Duckworth and in the US under the title The Last Post by Albert and Charles Boni and also the Literary Guild of America. Last Post is set during a few hours of a June day in the years following the First World War.
 The Plot to Save Socrates is a time travel novel by Paul Levinson first published in 2006. Starting in the near future the novel also has scenes set in the ancient world and Victorian New York.
 The Hollow Hills is a novel by Mary Stewart. It is the second in a quintet of novels covering the Arthurian Legends. This book is preceded by The Crystal Cave and succeeded by The Last Enchantment. The Hollow Hills was written in 1970 and published in 1973.
 The Journal of Electroceramics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1997. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of The Minerals Metals & Materials Society. The editor-in-chief is Harry L. Tuller.This journal covers research on electrical optical and magnetic ceramics including silicon-electroceramic integration nanotechnology ceramic-polymer composites grain boundary and defect engineering.
 The Central Echo also known as CE or Central Echo is the official student paper of Central Philippine University. It was founded in 1910 five years after Central's forerunner the Jaro Industrial School opened.
 Scat is a teenage novel by Carl Hiaasen published in 2009. Scat tells the mystery of a missing teacher named Mrs. Bunny Starch and how two of her students Nick and Marta do everything to find her. The book is available in over 1000 libraries.Carl Hiaasen is the author of other notable children's fiction novels including Flush in over 2500 libraries and Hoot in over 3200 libraries.A main plot of the book features the endangered Florida Panther. The book starts in a biology class.
 Freeglader is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 2004. It is the seventh volume of The Edge Chronicles and the third of the Rook Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the ninth novel following the Quint Saga and Twig Saga trilogies.
 Reptilia is a Japanese horror manga written and illustrated by Kazuo Umezu. The manga titled Hebishōjo (へび少女? Snake Girl) in the original Japanese is a series of three stories involving a shapeshifting snake-woman who haunts a Japanese village. It was originally published in 1965 by Kadokawa Shoten.Hebishōjo was published in English under the title Reptilia by IDW Publishing in 2007.
 Web of the City (originally published as Rumble) is the first novel written by author Harlan Ellison. The novel follows the story of Rusty Santoro a teenage member of the fictional Cougars street gang in the 1950s Brooklyn New York. In order to research the book Ellison spent time in an actual street gang in Brooklyn.
 Now and Forever is a romance novel written by Danielle Steel and published on 1978 by Dell Publishing.
 Wish for a Pony is the first children's book written by Monica Edwards published in 1947 by Collins. It introduces her Romney Marsh series and the characters of Tamzin Grey and Rissa Birnie (Meryon Fairbrass and Roger Lambert joined them in the later Midnight Horse).
 Angel Station is a 1990 cyberpunk space opera science fiction novel by Walter Jon Williams.It is inspired by the plot of Ubu Roi.
 The Right Hand of Doom is the fourth trade paperback collection in the Hellboy series created by Mike Mignola published by Dark Horse Comics on February 4 2004 which collects various mini-series one-shots and back-up features featuring fictional paranormal detective Hellboy.
 We All Fall Down (1991) is a suspense novel for young adults by Robert Cormier.
 Terrible Beauty is a novel by New York Congressman Peter T. King from the Yeats poem Easter 1916. He also wrote Vale of Tears.
 The Ripple is the student newspaper at the University of Leicester England. The fortnightly free newspaper editions has a potential readership of around 10000 students.
 Life and Philosophy of Swami Vivekananda (1989) is an English book written by G. S Banhatti. This is a biography of Swami Vivekananda. The books was published by Atlantic Publishers & Dist New Delhi.
 Power of 2 is a book written by bestselling author Rodd Wagner and Gallup World Poll leader Dr. Gale Muller. It describes the authors’ five years of research on collaboration and partnerships. The book is a mixture of advice to the reader stories of prominent partnerships and discoveries from various disciplines such as primatology neuroscience game theory and behavioral economics.
 The American Journal of Education is published quarterly by the University of Chicago Press. Originally published from 1893 as School Review the name was changed in November 1979. It publishes research papers covering theoretical statements philosophical arguments and critical syntheses of a particular field of educational inquiry to encourage a dialog between educational scholars and practitioners.
 Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land written by David K. Shipler and published by Times Books in 1986 won the 1987 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.
 Aunt Phillis's Cabin; or Southern Life As It Is by Mary Henderson Eastman is a plantation fiction novel and is perhaps the most read anti-Tom novel in American literature. It was published by Lippincott Grambo & Co. of Philadelphia in 1852 as a response to Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin published earlier that year. The novel sold 20000-30000 copies making it a strong commercial success and bestseller.
 Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition is a Guinness World Records book dedicated to video games. The first edition was released in February 2008 in association with the video games world records' tracking organization Twin Galaxies. There have been seven editions. All subsequent editions have been released in January of their year.
 Elkhart Truth is a daily newspaper published in Elkhart Indiana. It is owned by a family in Elkhart and operates under the Federated Media banner. It has been in business for 120 years as of 2009.
 ProSport was a daily newspaper in Romania and the country's 2nd largest and most read sports-related publication after Gazeta Sporturilor. It is owned by the PubliMedia International.
 Mummy Laid an Egg: or Where do Babies Come From? is a children's book by English author Babette Cole. It was published in 1994 and won the British Illustrated Children's Book of the Year in that year.It has also been published as Mommy Laid an Egg in the United States. Under that title it was listed as number 82 in the American Library Association's 100 Most Frequently Challenged Books of 1990-2000.
 The Tinker is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection The Worthing Saga. Card first published The Tinker in the Vol. 1 No. 2 (1980) issue of Eternity SF magazine.
 In the Shadow of Saddam is the first novel by Mikhael Ramadan. The book is a collection of memories. Ramadan who claims to be an Iraqi defector and former Saddam Hussein's body double asserts in the book that in 1997 Hussein had ordered to develop a highly virulent strain of West Nile virus as a bioterrorist weapon capable to kill 97% of population in an urban environment.
 Moral Hazard is a 2002 novel by Australian author Kate Jennings.
 Glåmdalen is a local newspaper published in Kongsvinger Norway. It is named after the district Glåmdalen and covers southern Hedmark with offices in Solør Skarnes and Nes Akershus.It was established in 1926 as Kongsvinger Arbeiderblad and had a connection to the Norwegian Labour Party. It changed its name in 1943 and later became non-partisan.
 Inside Soap is a weekly UK magazine released every Tuesday. It covers current and future storylines in soap operas shown in the United Kingdom. When Inside Soap was first published in October 1992 it was a monthly magazine. It went on to be published fortnightly in the mid 90s before going weekly early in September 2003.
 Bound And Gagged: Pornography and the Politics of Fantasy in America is a 1996 book by Laura Kipnis.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #2 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the second volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in July 1973 and reissued in May 1976.The book collects sixteen novellas novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction notes and concluding essay by Carr.
 IC in a Sunflower (Japanese: 集積回路のヒマワリ Hepburn: Shūsekikairo no Himawari) is a science fiction josei (targeted towards women) manga written and illustrated by Mitsukazu Mihara. It is a collection of seven unrelated short stories which appeared in the Japanese manga magazine Feel Young from 1994 to 1997. The stories were then collected into a bound volume in Japan by Shodensha on October 18 1997.
 The County of London Plan was prepared for the London County Council in 1943 by Sir Leslie Patrick Abercrombie (1879-1957) and John Henry Forshaw (1895-1973).Its main purpose was to point out the main directions of development and reconstruction of London which in the past decades had faced big changes and irregular growth.
 The Rasp is a whodunit mystery novel by Philip MacDonald. It was published in 1924 and introduces his series character detective Colonel Anthony Gethryn. It is set in a country house in rural England.
 The Book of Three (1964) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander the first of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain. The series follows the adventures of Taran the Assistant Pig-Keeper a youth raised by Dallben the enchanter as he nears manhood while helping to resist the forces of Arawn Death-Lord.
 The Good Dog is a children's novel by Newbery Medalist Edward Irving Wortis published under his pseudonym Avi in 2001. Written for ages 8–12 the book has been described as having a very cinematic feel comparable to the movies The Incredible Journey and Beethoven.
 Les Presses Chinoises (English:The Chinese Press) is a weekly Chinese newspaper in Montreal Quebec Canada. The other main Chinese paper in Montreal is Sept Days.
 The Way Station is a novella by Stephen King originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in April 1980. In 1982 The Way Station was collected with several other stories King published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction as The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. The Way Station formed the second chapter of the book and was slightly revised for the inclusion.
 Eagle Newspapers is composed of 7 community newspapers and several niche publications serving Syracuse New York and Central New York.
 Sphinx is a 1979 novel by Robin Cook. In 1981 it was adapted into the film Sphinx starring Lesley-Anne Down as Erica Baron and Frank Langella as Akmed Khazzan (partly filmed in Egypt).The main plot of the book revolves around a young tourist to Egypt and the trouble she gets into inadvertently.Well known for his medical fiction Robin Cook has assured that not a single medical term has been used in this novel.
 The Road of Bones is a 2006 young adult novel written by Anne Fine. It was shortlisted for the 2007 Carnegie Medal. The judges described it as being incredibly well-written and having political resonance for young people.
 Continuum was a magazine published by an activist group of the same name who denied the existence of HIV/AIDS.Favoring pseudoscientific content the magazine addressed issues related to HIV/AIDS AIDS denialism alternative medicine and themes of interest to the LGBT community. It ran from December 1992 until February 2001 ceasing publication because both the editors had died of AIDS-defining clinical conditions.
 Edison's Conquest of Mars is an 1898 science fiction novel by American astronomer and writer Garrett P. Serviss. It was written as a sequel to Fighters from Mars an unauthorized and heavily altered version of H. G. Wells's The War of the Worlds. It has a place in the history of science fiction for its early employment of themes and motifs that later became staples of the genre.The book features Thomas Edison as the primary character though neither Edison nor H. G.
 Male Homosexuality in Four Societies: Brazil Guatemala the Philippines and the United States is a 1986 work about homosexuality by sociologist Frederick L. Whitam and Robin Mathy.
 Correo del Orinoco (the Orinoco Post) was a Venezuelan newspaper created by Simón Bolívar. The weekly newspaper was published from 1818 to 1822 in Angostura a city on the river Orinoco which has since been renamed Ciudad Bolívar.
 Picture and Text is a collection of essays by Henry James on the art of illustration published in 1893. The essays are brief profiles of the principal illustrators for Harper and Brothers books and magazines and has been remembered for extensive and perceptive essays on John Singer Sargent and Honoré Daumier. Included with the essays on black-and-white illustration of texts is a discussion in dialogue form about the similar relation between scenery and play in the theater.
 Modern Electrics was a technical magazine for the amateur radio experimenter. It was created by Hugo Gernsback and began publication in April 1908. The magazine was initially intended to provide mail-order information for radio parts and to promote the amateur radio hobby but it later became a vehicle for technology-based fiction stories.
 MedStar II: Jedi Healer is a Star Wars Del Rey book by Michael Reaves and Steve Perry set in the Star Wars galaxy during the Clone Wars. The book takes place two years after the Battle of Geonosis in Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 21 years before the Battle of Yavin in Episode IV: A New Hope.
 The Night Listener is a roman à clef by Armistead Maupin. The novel's plot is based on the story of Anthony Godby Johnson the purported author of a book A Rock and a Hard Place: One Boy's Triumphant Story that was later revealed to be a hoax.
 Kong Renés Datter (King René’s Daughter) is a Danish verse drama written in 1845 by Henrik Hertz. It is a fictional account of the early life of Yolande of Lorraine daughter of René of Anjou in which she is depicted as a beautiful blind sixteen-year-old princess who lives in a protected garden paradise. The play was highly popular in the 19th century. It was translated into many languages copied parodied and adapted.
 Umrao Jaan Ada (Urdu: امراؤ جان ادا‎) is an Urdu novel by Mirza Hadi Ruswa (1857–1931) first published in 1899. It is considered the first Urdu novel by many and tells the story of a courtesan and poetess by the same name from 19th century Lucknow as recounted by her to the author.
 The Princeton Alumni Weekly (PAW) is a magazine published for the alumni of Princeton University. It was founded in 1900 and until 1977 it was the only weekly college alumni magazine in the United States. Upon changing to biweekly publication in 1977 the number of issues per year decreased from 28 to 21 and then later decreased to 17. It still remains the most frequently published alumni magazine in the world currently publishing 15 times per year.
 The Wits Vuvuzela is the official student newspaper of the University of the Witwatersrand (Wits). The newspaper is produced by the students of the Wits School of Journalism and appears in both printed and online formats.
 The Long Pursuit is a 1967 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about the escape of a group of survivors from the Battle of Singapore in World War II.
 Celestial Matters is a science fantasy novel set in an alternate universe with different laws of physics written by Richard Garfinkle and published by Tor Books in 1996. It is a work of alternate history and meticulously elaborated alternate science as the physics of this world and its surrounding cosmos are based on the physics of Aristotle and ancient Chinese Taoist alchemy.
 The Countess's Calamity is a children's book written and illustrated by Sally Gardner published in 2003. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Bronze Award.
 The Canadian Journal of Respiratory Therapy (French: Revue canadienne de la thérapie respiratoire) is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on respiratory therapy and pulmonology. The current editor-in-chief is Jason W. Nickerson (University of Ottawa).
 La Galatea (Spanish pronunciation: [la ɣalaˈte.a]) was Miguel de Cervantes’ first book published in 1585. Under the guise of pastoral characters it is an examination of love and contains many allusions to contemporary literary figures. It enjoyed a modest success but was not soon reprinted; its promised sequel was never published and presumably never written.
 Super Champ (수퍼챔프) is a South Korean magazine produced by Daiwon C.I.. It is available only online and specializes in serializing domestic and imported comics. Its first issue was published in 2006 and it is released on the last day of each month. Following publication in Super Champ individual series are later collected into volumes and published in hard copy form under the Super Champ Comics (SC Comics) imprint.
 Classic Style Magazine was a quarterly men's interest magazine started in 2006. Originally written by Richard Mark Simmons Classic Style Magazine's subscription began with one sale. It then moved to two and thereafter three and four.
 Diario Sur is a regional newspaper of Málaga Spain. It is owned by the Prensa Malagueña S.A. owned by Grupo Vocento.
 Seminars in Ophthalmology is a peer-reviewed medical journal which publishes clinically oriented reviews on the diagnosis and treatment of ophthalmic disorders. Each issue focuses on a single topic with a primary emphasis on appropriate surgical techniques.
 Akropolis (Greek: Ακρόπολις) was a Greek newspaper based in Athens. In the years 1883 - 1921 it played a major part in the debate concerning the Greek language question particularly in the events leading up the Gospel Riots of 1901 in Athens.
 The Hermit of Eyton Forest is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in the autumn of 1142. It is the 14th novel in the Cadfael Chronicles and was first published in 1987 (1987 in literature).The mystery is set in the Anarchy the continuing battles between King Stephen and Empress Maud now besieged in Oxford Castle.
 Automation and Remote Control (Russian: Автоматика и Телемеханика Avtomatika i telemekhanika) is a Russian scientific journal published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica Press and distributed in English by Springer Science+Business Media.The journal was established in April 1936 by the USSR Academy of Sciences Department of Control Processes Problems. Cofounders were the Trapeznikov Institute of Control Sciences and the Institute of Information Transmission Problems.
 The New York Times (NYT) is an American daily newspaper founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18 1851. It has won 112 Pulitzer Prizes more than any other news organization.
 A Dark Traveling is a science fiction and fantasy novel by Hugo- and Nebula-award winning author Roger Zelazny. The story uses teleportation as both fantasy and science fiction elements. It is the only novel he wrote for young adults and one of three books without a heroic protagonist.
 Speech Technology is a magazine published nine times a year by Information Today Inc. Speech Technology discusses deployments advances and other industry news in its magazine and on its website.In addition each year Speech Technology hosts the largest educational speech technology conference in the United States. SpeechTEK is attended by technology professionals from around the globe.
 The Pincher Creek Echo is a weekly newspaper serving the Pincher Creek Alberta area including the communities of Cowley the Piikani Indian Reserve and Waterton Lakes National Park.The Echo is the paper of record for Pincher Creek.The newspaper was founded in 1900 by publisher E.T. Saunders as the Rocky Mountain Echo. After the Fort Macleod Gazette the Echo is the second oldest surviving newspaper in Alberta.
 The Mongol Messenger is the first English language newspaper published from Mongolia.
 Oreshura (俺修羅) short for Ore no Kanojo to Osananajimi ga Shuraba Sugiru (俺の彼女と幼なじみが修羅場すぎる lit. My Girlfriend and Childhood Friend Fight Too Much) is a Japanese light novel series written by Yūji Yūji with illustrations provided by Ruroo. SoftBank Creative has published seven novels since February 2011. There have been four manga adaptations and an anime adaptation by A-1 Pictures aired from January to March 2013.
 Amphiaraus (Ancient Greek: Ἀμφιάραος Amphiaraos) is a lost Greek play by the Athenian poet Sophocles. It is believed to have been a satyr play although it is not clear which incident pertaining to the title character was the subject of the play nor even which incident would lend itself to satyr play treatment.One fragment of this play is extant.
 Aurora in Four Voices is a short science fiction novella written by Catherine Asaro and published in December 1998. It is part of the Skolian Empire series and was originally published in Analog Science Fiction and Fact.
 How to Talk Dirty and Influence People is an autobiography by Lenny Bruce an American satirist and comedian who died in 1966 at age 40 of a drug overdose. In it he discusses the course of his career which began in the late 1940s.Bruce challenged the sanctity of organized religion and other societal and political conventions he perceived as having hypocritical tendencies and widened the boundaries of free speech.
 Bohol Bantay Balita Newspaper (BBN) is a Cebuano-language Sunday weekly publication operating in Tagbilaran City in the Central Visayas island province of Bohol Philippines.It is the only Cebuano-language newspaper in the said province.Bantay Balita started its operations in April 2005 and has an average circulation of 2000 copies.
 The Gorgon's Gaze is a fantasy novel written by Julia Golding. It is the second book of the Companions Quartet and it continues the story from the previous book Secret of the Sirens. The rest of the quartet includes Mines of the Minotaur and The Chimera's Curse.
 Banga (newspaper) is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 North (French: Nord) is a 1960 novel by the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline. The story is based on Céline's escape from France to Denmark after the invasion of Normandy after he had been associated with the Vichy regime. It is the second published part although chronologically the first in a trilogy about these experiences; it was preceded by Castle to Castle from 1957 and followed by Rigadoon published posthumously in 1969. It was the last book Céline published during his lifetime.
 Auseklis (newspaper) is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 St. Peter's Umbrella (Hungarian:Szent Péter esernyője) is an 1895 novel by the Hungarian writer Kálmán Mikszáth. It is set in the town of Besztercebánya (now Banská Bystrica) describing the rural life of the peasantry in an undeveloped part of Upper Hungary (now Slovakia).
 Tales of Joujouka is a book by the Moroccan painter Mohamed Hamri (1932–2000) containing eight stories featuring the legends folklore and Sufi origins myths and rituals of the Master Musicians of Joujouka. These are the stories and legends of Hamri's native village of Joujouka or Jajouka in Morocco famous for its connections with the Beat Generation and Brian Jones founder of the Rolling Stones.
 Barsa is a 2007 Malayalam novel written by Khadija Mumtaz. The story deals with the haunting and agonising questions of Sabida a devout and educated Muslim lady a doctor who spent six years in a hospital in Saudi Arabia. It won critical acclaim for its forceful but humorous presentation of the restrictions under which Muslim women are forced to live and was hailed a milestone in Malayalam literature.
 Sexuality Research and Social Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal and an official journal of the National Sexuality Resource Center published by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal covers research on human sexuality including theoretical and methodological discussions about the implications of findings for policies regarding sexual health sex education and sexual rights in diverse communities.
 Iliria Post was a daily newspaper published in Pristina the capital of Kosovo. It was owned by Ramë Maraj – known as the head of the Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK) Secret Agency. The newspaper was mostly known for its foreign-looking Berliner-format layout. Its first edition was published in February 2005.
 Star Wars Galaxies: The Ruins of Dantooine is based in part on places and events in the Star Wars Galaxies massively multiplayer online role-playing game. The novel was authored by Voronica Whitney-Robinson and Haden Blackman LucasArts producer of the game. It was released on December 30 2003.
 Didaskalia might also be a reference to the Didascalia Apostolorum.Didaskalia is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal of theology published by Providence College and Theological Seminary. It is abstracted and indexed in Religious and Theological Abstracts ATLA Religion Database and ATLASerials Online.
 Hippocampus is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1991. It is published by John Wiley & Sons and on the neurobiology of the hippocampal formation and related structures. The editor-in-chief is Howard Eichenbaum (Boston University).
 Yume Miru Happa (夢みる葉っぱ lit. The Dreaming Leaf) is a manga series by Hisaya Nakajo who is best known for her hit series Hana-Kimi.Yume Miru Happa is the first volume collection of short stories by Hisaya Nakajo. There are also characters in this collection (of the first story) that have connections with several characters in Hana-Kimi.
 The Story of the Phantom: The Ghost Who Walks is a novel written by Lee Falk in 1973 based on his own comic strip creation The Phantom.
 The Future of Ideas: The Fate of the Commons in a Connected World (2001) is a book by Lawrence Lessig at the time of writing a professor of law at Stanford Law School who is well known as a critic of the extension of the copyright term in US.
 When We Get There is a novel about coming-of-age by the American writer Shauna Seliy set in 1974 in a coal mining patch (modeled on the author’s hometown of Yukon Westmoreland County) near Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The novel tells the story of Lucas Lessar. His father has died in a mining accident and his mother has mysteriously disappeared so he lives with his grandmother.
 Mr. Stranger's Sealed Packet is a short novel by Hugh MacColl. It was first published in English in 1889. This novel is now out of print.The novel deals with a journey to Mars in a flying machine and describes the history and customs of the Martians depicting a scientifically advanced utopian society.
 Dead Man's Folly is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in October 1956 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 5 November of the same year. The US edition retailed at $2.95 and the UK edition at twelve shillings and sixpence (12/6). It features Hercule Poirot and Ariadne Oliver.
 Christmas on Ganymede is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was written in December 1940 first published in the January 1942 issue of Startling Stories and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov and the anthology Christmas on Ganymede and Other Stories edited by Martin H. Greenberg.
 The Pit and the Pendulum is a short story written by Edgar Allan Poe and first published in 1842 in the literary annual The Gift: A Christmas and New Year's Present for 1843. The story is about the torments endured by a prisoner of the Spanish Inquisition though Poe skews historical facts. The narrator of the story describes his experience of being tortured.
 Debatable Space is a 2008 science fiction novel by novelist and screenwriter Philip Palmer.The book alternates between telling the story of the main character Lena Smith in the form of a diary and a first person point-of-view narrative of events which take place roughly 1000 years from the present day.
 The Honor of the Queen is David Weber's second Honor Harrington novel. In the story Honor goes on a mission to bring the religiously conservative sexist world Grayson onto the Manticorans' side in preparation for the inevitable war with Haven.
 Realms of Fantasy was a professional bimonthly fantasy speculative fiction magazine published by Damnation Books which specializes in fantasy nonfiction and art. The magazine publishes short stories by some of the genre's most popular and most prominent authors.
 Little White Lies is a bi-monthly British independent movie magazine that features writing illustration and photography related to cinema. It is published by London-based creative agency The Church of London who also publish Huck Magazine.
 Off on a Comet (French: Hector Servadac) is an 1877 science fiction novel by Jules Verne.
 The Stolen Dormouse is a classic science fiction novella by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published as a serial in the magazine Astounding Science-Fiction for April and May 1941 and first appeared in book form in de Camp's collection Divide and Rule (Fantasy Press 1948).
 Torch Song Trilogy is a collection of three plays by Harvey Fierstein rendered in three acts: International Stud Fugue in a Nursery and Widows and Children First! The story centers on Arnold Beckoff a torch song-singing Jewish drag queen living in New York City in the late 1970 and 1980s. The four hour-plus play begins with a soliloquy in which he explains his cynical disillusionment with love.Each act focuses on a different phase in Arnold's life.
 The Comparatist is an American literary journal published annually since 1977 by the Southern Comparative Literature Association that publishes articles on the topic of comparative literature. Its current editor-in-chief is Dorothy M.
 Brass Man is a 2005 science fiction novel by Neal Asher. It is the third novel in the Gridlinked sequence.
 Gobar Times is a monthly environmental education magazine for the young adult published by the Centre for Science and Environment. It is published along with Down to Earth as a supplement. The magazine was first published in May 1998 and has widespread circulation across India and abroad. The icon of the magazine Pandit Gobar Ganesh the pondering panditji is an Indian elderly who takes the reader through current issues subjects and ideas relating to the environment.
 The Meath Echo was created in 2004 when three local papers in County Meath joined forces: The Ratoath News The Local Echo and The Ashbourne And District Eagle.Speaking to Sunday Business Post the editor of Irish Village Papers Mr Joe Doyle said: The merging of the three titles will enable us to produce our very popular newspapers more often. Like larger national newspapers The Meath Echo will only concentrate on local issues and local sports. 1
 Hot Sleep: The Worthing Chronicle (1979) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card set in the Worthing series. Although it is currently out of print Card's novel The Worthing Chronicle (1983) covers some of the same ground.
 Days Between Stations is the first novel by Steve Erickson. Upon publication in 1985 it received notable praise from Thomas Pynchon and has been cited as an influence by novelists such as Jonathan Lethem and Mark Z. Danielewski. It has been translated into French Italian Russian and Japanese. Several stories intersect in this novel: Lauren and Jason's unhappy marriage Lauren's love affair with Adrien-Michel and a lost silent film titled The Death of Marat.
 Sea of Wind (Sea of the Wind Shore of the Labyrinth 風の海 迷宮の岸) is the second book in The Twelve Kingdoms fantasy series written by Fuyumi Ono.The English-language edition was published by Tokyopop on March 11 2008 as Hardcover under its PopFiction imprint.
 Tippuvina Kanasugalu (English: The Dreams of Tipu Sultan) is a Kannada play written by Indian playwright Girish Karnad. The play has been performed many times but different groups around the world but mostly in the subcontinent mainly in Pakistan and India.
 my paper (Chinese: 我报; pinyin: Wǒ Bào) is a free bilingual (English and Chinese) newspaper in Singapore published by the Singapore Press Holdings.It is published from Mondays to Fridays excluding public holidays; and an electronic copy of the print edition can be viewed on the paper's website mypaper.sg.
 In Vitro Cellular & Developmental Biology – Animal is a scientific journal devoted to in vitro biology in animals. Its plant counterpart is In Vitro Cellular & Developmental Biology – Plant.
 The Principalities of Glantri (product code GAZ3) is an accessory for the Basic Set edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. It is part of the Gazetteer series of supplements for the Mystara campaign setting.
 Hypnerotomachia Poliphili /hiːpˌnɛəroʊtəˈmɑːkiːə pəˈliːfəˌliː/ (from Greek hýpnos ‘sleep’ éros ‘love’ and máchē ‘fight’) called in English Poliphilo's Strife of Love in a Dream or The Dream of Poliphilus is a romance said to be by Francesco Colonna and a famous example of early printing.
 The Way Between the Worlds is the fourth novel in The View from the Mirror quartet by Ian Irvine.
 The First Man (French title: Le Premier homme) is Albert Camus' unfinished final novel.On January 4 1960 at the age of forty-six Camus was killed in a car accident in the Luberon area in southern France. The incomplete manuscript of The First Man the autobiographical novel Camus was working on at the time of his death was found in the mud at the accident site. Camus' daughter Catherine Camus later transcribed the handwritten manuscript to type press and published the book in 1994.
 Unbreakable Machine-Doll (機巧少女は傷つかない Mashin-Dōru wa Kizutsukanai also known as Kikō Shōjo wa Kizutsukanai) is a Japanese light novel series written by Reiji Kaitō and illustrated by Ruroo. Media Factory has published 13 volumes under their MF Bunko J imprint since November 2009. A manga adaptation by Hakaru Takagi began serialization in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive magazine in 2010. A 12-episode anime television series adaptation aired in Japan between October and December 2013.
 Russia Beyond the Headlines (RBTH) is a branch of Russian state-owned newspaper Rossiyskaya Gazeta which publishes a number of foreign-language newspaper supplements and maintains the RBTH news website. The supplements are included in international newspapers in an effort to cultivate a positive view of Russia's political and economic environment abroad.
 Tower of Shadows is a horror/fantasy anthology comic book published by Marvel Comics under this and a subsequent name from 1969-1975. It featured work by such notable creators as writer-artists Neal Adams Jim Steranko Johnny Craig and Wally Wood writer-editor Stan Lee and artists including John Buscema Gene Colan Tom Sutton Barry Windsor-Smith (as Barry Smith) and Bernie Wrightson.
 The Genesis Machine is the second science fiction novel by James P. Hogan.
 The Psychological Inquiry (PI) is a quarterly psychology journal published by Taylor & Francis. It aims to be a forum for the discussion of theory and meta-theory primarily in social psychology and personality. It aims to publish ideas and theories that are broad provocative and debatable while discouraging purely empirical applied or review articles.
 Karl Marx's Theory of Revolution is a 5-volume work (1977-1990) about Karl Marx by Hal Draper.
 Untold Story is a 272-page 2011 book by Monica Ali her fourth after two novels and a collection of short stories. It asks what would have happened if Princess Diana had not died in a car accident in Paris in 1997 but had arranged for her own disappearance and tried to live an undiscovered life in a small American town. In the novel Princess Diana is narrated to be an English expat named Lydia. The events are given through diary entries of Lydia.
 Best Friends Getting Sorted is the second part of the Best Friends series by Rosie Rushton. It was published in 1999 by Piccadilly Press Ltd.
 Afghanis-tan (あふがにすタン Afuganisu-tan see note on name below) or Afghanistan is a Japanese yonkoma manga originally published as a webcomic by Timaking (ちまきing). It is also the name of the heroine of the manga. The manga is nicknamed Afgan (あふがん Afugan)
 Dead End in Norvelt is an autobiographical novel by the American author Jack Gantos published by Farrar Straus and Giroux in 2011.
 Tokyo Mew Mew (東京ミュウミュウ Tōkyō Myū Myū) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written by Reiko Yoshida and illustrated by Mia Ikumi. It was originally serialized in Nakayoshi from September 2000 to February 2003 and was later published in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha from February 2001 to April 2003.
 The Beckham Experiment: How the World's Most Famous Athlete Tried to Conquer America is a non-fiction work by Sports Illustrated writer Grant Wahl. The book chronicles David Beckham's move to Major League Soccer and his impact on American soccer.
 The Spectacular Spider-Man is the name of several comic books and one magazine series starring Marvel Comics' Spider-Man.Following the success of Spider-Man's original series The Amazing Spider-Man Marvel felt the character could support more than one title. This led the company in 1968 to launch a short-lived magazine the first to bear the Spectacular name.
 Darkfall is a Parallel universe fantasy novel by Isobelle Carmody. It is the first book in the Legendsong Saga.
 The Watchers Out of Time and Others is an omnibus collection of stories by August Derleth inspired in part by notes left by H. P. Lovecraft after his death and presented as a posthumous collaboration between the two writers. (Derleth acted as Lovecraft's literary executor.) It was published in an edition of 5070 copies.
 Collected Ghost Stories is a collection of stories by author Mary E. Wilkins-Freeman. It was released in 1974 by Arkham House in an edition of 4155 copies. The book is the first collection of all of Wilkins-Freeman's supernatural stories and her first book published by Arkham House.
 Voyages de l'autre côté is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Metamaterials: Physics and Engineering Explorations is a book length introduction to the fundamental research and advancements in electromagnetic composite substances known as electromagnetic metamaterials. The discussion encompasses examination of the physics of metamaterial interactions the designs and the perspectives of engineering regarding these materials.
 Capital (Bulgarian: Капитал) is an influential Bulgarian weekly newspaper published since 1992. Preferred mainly by the business community Capital is known for its unbiased coverage of the current political and economic affairs analyzes and supplements.As of 2002 Capital was part of Georg von Holtzbrinck Publishing Group who owned part of the Economedia publishing company. In November 2007 the Bulgarian owners of Economedia bought the shares back.
 Kaleidoscope is a collection of science fiction fantasy and alternate history stories by Harry Turtledove first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in April 1990. It was later gathered together with his novel Noninterference and collection Earthgrip into the omnibus collection 3 X T published in hardcover by Baen Books in 2004.The book contains thirteen short short stories and novelettes.
 The Tears of the Singers is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Melinda M. Snodgrass. It was her first and only Star Trek novel which led to Snodgrass writing for Star Trek: The Next Generation. Writer Victor Milan was also involved in the initial discussion of the plot for the novel.
 The Runes of the Earth is a fantasy novel by Stephen R. Donaldson first published in 2004.
 The Botticelli Secret is a 2010 historical-mystery-detective novel written by Marina Fiorato in the vein of code adventures such as The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown. Set in the 15th Century throughout the Italian States the protagonists are part-time model and full-time whore Luciana Vetra and monk Father Guido della Torre as they are thrown together in Florence and chased across the country through the likes of Venice Milan and Rome.
 Espacio y Desarrollo is an annual Peruvian peer-reviewed scientific journal of geography. It was established in 1989 and is published by the Centro de Investigación en Geografía Aplicada (Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú). The current editor-in-chief is Hildegardo Córdova Aguilar. Espacio y Desarrollo focuses on environmental geography linking physical geography and human geography. Contributions often highlight the human-environmental relationship.
 Our Lady of the Assassins (Spanish title: La virgen de los sicarios) is a semi-autobiographical novel by the Colombian writer Fernando Vallejo about an author in his fifties who returns to his hometown of Medellín after 30 years of absence to find himself trapped in an atmosphere of violence and murder caused by drug cartel warfare.
 Antifanaticism: A Tale of the South is an 1853 plantation fiction novel by Martha Haines Butt.
 The Göttinger Tageblatt is the single printed local daily newspaper to circulate in Göttingen in the south of the state of Lower Saxony in Germany. The coverage area of the paper includes the city of Göttingen and surrounding towns and villages.
 Year's Best SF 2 (ISBN 0-06-105746-0) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell that was published in 1997. It is the second in the Year's Best SF series.
 De Zuid-Afrikaan was a nineteenth-century Dutch language newspaper based in Cape Town that circulated throughout the Cape Colony published between 1830 and 1930.The paper was founded by the advocate Christoffel Johan Brand on 9 April 1830 and played a major role in providing a mouthpiece for the more educated sections of the Cape Dutch community. In 1930 the paper finally succumbed to falling circulation figures resulting from the popularity of the Afrikaans language paper Die Burger.
 Speaking of Jane Roberts is a biography of Jane Roberts written by Susan M. Watkins. It was published on August 21 2006
 For the rock group see Fever Tree. For the ornamental tree see Acacia xanthophloea.The Fever Tree is a collection of short stories by British author Ruth Rendell. It was first published in 1982.
 Bulletin of Science Technology & Society is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of science education. The editor-in-chief is Willem H. Vanderburg (University of Toronto). It was established in 1981 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Hind's Kidnap: A Pastoral on Familiar Airs is Joseph McElroy's second novel. Ostensibly it is a mystery concerning a six-year-old unsolved kidnapping one that the 6'7 protagonist Jack Hind had tried to solve at the time. His marriage falling apart Hind obsessively follows a treasure hunt of planted clues that lead him around New York and New England but he finds nothing helpful concerning the kidnap.
 Mosaic in Green is a photographic encyclopedia project which attempts to portray a colourful illustration of the history natural landscape culture and people of Bangladesh. It is a collection of over 300 photographs and illustrations provided by the country's top photographers. It spans 160 pages and has been revised and republished three times by the Ministry of Information Bangladesh.
 Sharp Objects is a 2006 novel by American author Gillian Flynn and her debut novel. The book was first published through Shaye Areheart Books on September 26th 2006 and has subsequently been re-printed through Broadway Books. The novel follows Camille Preaker a newspaper journalist that must return to her hometown to report on a series of brutal murders.
 Gabriel's Inferno is an erotic romance novel by an anonymous Canadian author under the pen name Sylvain Reynard. The story was first published in novel format in 2011 by Omnific Publishing with further publishing rights to the series being purchased by Berkley Books. The first printing of the Berkley edition of the novel was on September 4 2012. Berkley has also published the sequel Gabriel's Rapture.
 Secrets in the Fire is a children's novel by Swedish author Henning Mankell. It was published in 1995 and was translated into English by Anne Connie Stuksrud. Secrets in the Fire was based on the true story of land mine victim Sofia Alface. The book has won the 2002 Sankei Children's Publishing Culture Award.[citation needed]
 GeGeGe no Nyōbō (ゲゲゲの女房 Gegege's Wife) is an autobiography written by Nunoe Mura that relates her life as the wife of the manga artist Shigeru Mizuki especially their struggles against poverty before he became successful. It was published in 2008 and has sold over 500000 copies. In 2010 it was adapted into an Asadora television series starring Nao Matsushita and a film starring Kazue Fukiishi.
 Awami Awaz (Sindhi: روزاني عوامي آواز) is a Sindhi daily newspaper in Pakistan.Power to Reach Sindhعوامي حقن جي ترجمان، ڪمپيوٽر تي پهرين مڪمل سنڌي اخبارروزاني عوامي آواز ڪراچي
 The Offaly Express is an online newspaper and former print newspaper in Ireland that serves County Offaly. The paper is part of the Leinster Leader Group which was sold to Johnston Press in late 2005 and are now operated by Johnston Press Ireland. The offices of the Offaly Express are based in Tullamore. The paper was founded in 1984.The News Editor of the Offaly Express is Alan Walsh.
 Studies in Religion/Sciences Religieuses is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in English and French in the field of theology. The editors-in-chief are Alain Bouchard (College de Sainte-Foy) and Patricia Dold (Memorial University of Newfoundland). It was established 1971 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Canadian Corporation for Studies in Religion.
 Regency Buck is a novel written by Georgette Heyer. It has three distinctions: it is the first of her novels to deal with the Regency period; it is one of only a few to combine both genres for which she was noted the Regency romance and the mystery novel; and it is the only one of her Regency stories to feature Beau Brummell as an actual character rather than as someone merely mentioned in passing. The story is set in 1811-1812.
 The Dead of Night is the second book in the Tomorrow series series by John Marsden. It is a young adult invasion literature novel detailing the occupation of Australia by an unnamed foreign power. It continues the story started in Tomorrow When the War Began.The novel is told in the first person perspective by the main character a teenage girl named Ellie Linton who is part of a small band of teenagers waging a guerrilla war on the enemy in their fictional home town of Wirrawee.
 The McGill Daily is the primary media outlet of McGill University. The Daily in production for over 100 years is an independent student newspaper at McGill University and is entirely run by students. Despite its name The Daily has recently reduced its print publication to once a week normally on Mondays in addition to producing online-only content and weekly radio segments for CKUT 90.3 FM.The Daily was originally published daily in 1911.
 A Long Long Way is a novel by Irish author Sebastian Barry set during the First World War.
 The Godfather Returns is a novel written by author Mark Winegardner published in 2004. It is the sequel to Mario Puzo's The Godfather which was originally published in 1969 and The Sicilian (1984). The publisher Random House selected Winegardner to write a sequel after Puzo's death.
 Alternamorphs #1: The First Journey is the first book of the Alternamorphs series a spinoff of the Animorphs series. It involves a second-person narrative so as to allow the reader to actually take part in the story. It lies outside of the regular Animorphs continuity.
 The Primrose Path is an 1875 novel by Bram Stoker. It was the writer's first novel published 22 years before Dracula and serialized in five installments in The Shamrock a weekly Irish magazine from February 6 1875 to March 6 1875.
 1635: The Dreeson Incident (2008) is a novel in the alternate history 1632 series written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint as a sequel to Flint's novella 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
 43 years with the same bird is a book written by Daily Mirror columnist Brian Reade. It documents his lifelong following of Liverpool F.C..The book tells the story of Brian's love affair with Liverpool FC along with the relationship he had with his brother and other family members. It also details the start of his journalistic career and explains how he dealt with the joys and tragic events that accompanied being a Liverpool fan in the 80s.
 Under the Blue Sky is a three-act play written by David Eldridge. It premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in London on 14 September 2000 directed by Rufus Norris.
 Arctic Antarctic and Alpine Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research (University of Colorado Boulder). It covers any scientific or cultural aspect of Arctic Antarctic and alpine environments and related topics on subarctic subantarctic subalpine environments and paleoenvironments. It was established in 1969 as Arctic and Alpine Research and obtained its current name in 1999.
 The Essential Conan is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 1998 by the Science Fiction Book Club. It collects the editions of the Conan books edited by Karl Edward Wagner and published by Berkley Books in 1977. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Weird Tales The Phantagraph and The Howard Collector.
 No Animals Were Harmed: The Controversial Line Between Entertainment and Abuse is a 2011 book by Peter Laufer. It is the third book in his untitled animal trilogy following Forbidden Creatures in 2010 and The Dangerous World of Butterflies in 2009. The book explores what those who work with animals believe to be the line between using animals for entertainment purposes and abusing them.
 Mistah Leary – He Dead is a chapbook written by American author and journalist Hunter S. Thompson and published by the X-Ray Book Co. in 1997.The book serves as a eulogy for psychologist and psychedelic drug researcher/advocate Timothy Leary (1920–1996). It contains an obituary Thompson wrote for Leary that first appeared in Rolling Stone Magazine. The book also contains a simulated blotter sheet on which Dr.
 Nagai Yume (長い夢 lit. Long Dream) is a one-hour Japanese television drama broadcast in 2000 based upon a manga by Junji Ito and directed by Higuchinsky whose film adaptation of Ito's Uzumaki had been released earlier the same year.
 Kampuchea Thnai Nes (Cambodia Today) is a Khmer language newspaper published in Cambodia with its headquarters in Phnom Penh.
 Freeskier Magazine is a skiing magazine based in Boulder Colorado. Freeskier focuses on the newer aspect of skiing specifically terrain park urban big-mountain and backcountry skiing. The magazine is published seven times annually including a Buyer's Guide Photo Annual and Backcountry edition.
 Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show (2008) is an anthology edited by Edmund R. Schubert and Orson Scott Card. Originally published in paperback by Tor Books in August 2008 It contains eighteen stories from Card's online magazine InterGalactic Medicine Show including four from Card set in his Ender's Game universe.An audiobook version of the anthology released by Blackstone Audio in November 2008 which contains an additional special audio-only bonus story Ender's Homecoming.
 Movieline is a website formerly a Los Angeles-based film and entertainment magazine started in 1985 as a local magazine and went national in 1989. Known for its cult status and popularity among film critics the magazine eventually was retooled and named Movieline's Hollywood Life. The magazine closed in 2009.PMC bought Movieline in September 2008.
 This is a list of newspapers in Nepal.Public Health Perspective (PHP) Online NewsletterAdarsha Samaj National DailyDainikpatra National Daily Butwal RupandehiArghakhanchi TimesRepublica (Nepal)Nagarik DailyKarobar Economic DailyBhudhabar WeeklyGorkhapatraThe Rising NepalWhite Himal WeeklyJana Aastha National WeeklyKantipur National DailyKantipur PublicationsAnnapurna PostThe Himalayan TimesNepal SamacharpatraArghakhanchi.Com WeeklyRajdhani DailyNepali TimesNaya patrikaDristi WeeklyChhalphal WeeklySajhaonline.comSuryodaya WeeklySambhodhanSapthahikJaljala khabar patrikaThe Rising NepalGreater Nepal National Weeklyaaha sanchar national weekly
 Maske: Thaery is a 1976 science fiction novel by Jack Vance set in his Gaean Reach milieu.
 European Archives of Psychiatry and Clinical Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed medical journal published 8 times a year by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Overclocked: Stories of the Future Present (Thunder's Mouth Press 2007 ISBN 1-56025-981-7) is a collection of previously published science fiction short stories and novellas by Cory Doctorow. This is Doctorow's second published collection following A Place So Foreign and Eight More.
 Chō Kuse ni Narisō (超くせになりそう lit. I'll Make a Habit of It) is a Japanese manga series written by Anzu Yoshimura and illustrated by Yayoi Nakano. The series tells the story of an idol singer/martial artist and the chaos that results from her efforts to have a life and love beyond her singing career. An anime adaptation by Studio Kikan aired as part of the anthology program Eisei Anime Gekijō which was broadcast on NHK.
 Der Spiegel-Profil (in Ukrainian Der Spiegel-Профiль) was a Ukrainian weekly magazine published in Kiev started in 2007 and shuttered in 2008 due to being financially unsustainable.
 The Adulteress is a novel by Norah E. Dunn published in 1927 by The MacGregor Company. Set in the American South the main character is a woman who bears the child of a man married to another woman. It criticized what was seen as the role of women in society at the time as unjust and contained feminist themes. It was banned in the State of Georgia.Its Library of Congress Classification is PZ3.D9233.
 Barefoot Gen (はだしのゲン Hadashi no Gen) is a Japanese manga series by Keiji Nakazawa. Loosely based on Nakazawa's own experiences as a Hiroshima survivor the series begins in 1945 in and around Hiroshima Japan where the six-year-old boy Gen Nakaoka lives with his family. After Hiroshima is destroyed by atomic bombing Gen and other survivors are left to deal with the aftermath.Barefoot Gen ran in several magazines including Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1973 to 1985.
 Trinummus is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 4 is a 1978 anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter.
 PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal devoted to the study of neglected tropical diseases including helminth bacterial viral protozoan and fungal infections endemic to tropical regions. PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases is abstracted and indexed in PubMed and the Web of Science.
 Peter and the Sword of Mercy is a children's novel that was published by Hyperion Books a subsidiary of Disney in 2009. Written by Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson the book is an unauthorized prequel to the original Peter Pan or the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up by J. M. Barrie and tells the story of an orphan named Peter. It was illustrated by artist Greg Call.
 Business/IT Fusion: How to Move Beyond Alignment and Transform IT in Your Organization is a business book by Peter Hinssen published in 2009. It discusses an approach to IT management that moves beyond the classic model of business/IT alignment. In place of alignment focused on the collaboration between business and IT Hinssen suggests that the future evolution in IT lies in the convergence of the two parties: integrating IT into the business rather than treating it as a supplier.
 Matter is a science fiction novel from Iain M. Banks set in his Culture universe. It was published on 25 January 2008.Matter was a finalist for the 2009 Prometheus Award.
 The English Review was an English-language literary magazine published in London from 1908 to 1937. At its peak the journal published some of the leading writers of its day.
 Ninjak is a fictional comic book character that originally appeared in eponymous books by Valiant Comics and later by Acclaim Comics. Co-created by writer Mark Moretti and artist Joe Quesada the character first appeared in Bloodshot #6 as Colin King and quickly gained his own series. The Ninjak series was very popular and Ninjak #1 placed number one on Wizard Magazine's Top Ten Hottest Comics of the month article in Feb of 1994.
 The Man in the Picture: A Ghost Story is a novel by English author Susan Hill first published in 2007 by Profile Books. It has been featured as BBC Radio 4's Book at Bedtime.
 Path to Truth is the first book of the Jedi Quest series set in the Star Wars universe. It is written by Jude Watson and takes place between the events of Episode I:The Phantom Menace and Episode II: Attack of the Clones.
 Experimental Mechanics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all areas of experimentation including its theoretical and computational analysis. It is an official journal of the Society for Experimental Mechanics and was established in 1961. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Hareesh V. Tippur (Auburn University).
 The St. Louis Globe-Democrat (informally referred to as The Globe) was originally a daily print newspaper based in St. Louis Missouri from 1852 until 1986. When the trademark registration on the name expired it was reincarnated as an unrelated free historically themed paper.
 The International Journal of Žižek Studies was established in 2007 as a scholarly outlet for a diverse range of perspectives and disciplinary approaches to the work of Slavoj Žižek a Slovenian critical philosopher and cultural theorist who applied a mix of German Idealist philosophy and Lacanian psychoanalytical theory to a range of cultural and political topics. The open access journal is edited by Paul A.
 Foster's Daily Democrat is a six-day (Monday-Saturday) morning broadsheet newspaper published in Dover New Hampshire USA covering southeast New Hampshire and southwest Maine. A sister paper Foster's Sunday Citizen publishes on Sunday. In addition to its Dover headquarters Foster's maintains news bureaus in Rochester and Portsmouth New Hampshire.
 Paragraph is a peer reviewed academic journal that publishes essays and review articles which explore critical theory and its application to literature other arts and society. It is published three times a year in March July and November by Edinburgh University Press. The journal was established in 1983 as the publication of the Modern Critical Theory Group which was founded to provide a forum to discuss the intellectual movements which came out of Paris in the 1960s and 1970s.
 The Brightonomicon is a novel by British fantasy author Robert Rankin the title parodying that of the fictional grimoire the Necronomicon from the Cthulhu Mythos. The author lives in Brighton and the book is set in an accurate depiction of the town. The book is based on The Brighton Zodiac a map consisting of carriageway constellations found in the city of Brighton and Hove similar to the landscape zodiacs of Glastonbury and Kingston.
 Mattakallappu Manmiyam (Tamil: மட்டக்களப்பு மான்மியம்; English: The Glory of Batticaloa) is a Tamil historical book. This book contains facts of the history of Batticaloa. Mattakallappu Manmiyam has been compiled by ‘’Vidhwan’’ F.X.Nadarajah from the collections of Palm-leaf manuscripts copper plate inscriptions & inscriptions and it was published in August 1962. The original authors are unknown.The book is recorded the history from ancient Batticaloa to Dutch colonial era.
 City of Torment is the second novel in the Abolethic Sovereignty series written by Bruce R. Cordell and published in September 2009.
 Xtra Ottawa (formerly Capital Xtra) is a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender community newspaper published in Ottawa Ontario Canada. It was launched in 1993. Unlike its biweekly sister publications Xtra in Toronto and Xtra Vancouver in Vancouver Xtra Ottawa which started as a monthly is now published 17 times a year with a publication schedule of every three weeks. The Ottawa edition has a current circulation of 20000 copies which reach 36000 readers.
 The Canadian Alpine Journal is the yearly magazine of the Alpine Club of Canada. It serves as a worldwide journal of record for achievements in climbing mountaineering ski mountaineering and exploration of mountains.Each issue contains feature stories about notable climbs written by the participants as well as short notes by climbers about new and noteworthy achievements.
 The Infinitive of Go is a 1980 science fiction novel by John Brunner.
 The White Tower is a 1945 novel by James Ramsey Ullman. It was the fourth best-selling novel in the US in 1945. It was filmed in 1950 under the direction of Ted Tetzlaff and starring Glenn Ford Alida Valli Claude Rains Lloyd Bridges Cedric Hardwicke and Oskar Homolka.
 Manga Action (漫画アクション) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Futabasha. It is currently published twice a month on the first and third Thursday The magazine was originally formed as Weekly Manga Action (WEEKLY漫画アクション) and began publishing weekly from July 7 1967. It is considered the first true seinen magazine.
 New Journal of Physics is an online-only open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in all aspects of physics as well as interdisciplinary topics where physics forms the central theme. The journal was established in 1998 and is a joint publication of the Institute of Physics and the Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft. It is published by IOP Publishing. The editor-in-chief is Eberhard Bodenschatz (Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self-Organization).
 Freehold is a Prometheus Award nominated science fiction novel written by Michael Z. Williamson published in 2004 by Baen Books. The Freehold series is continued in The Weapon which begins prior to Freehold and ends approximately two years afterwards.
 Waiting for the Barbarians is a novel by the South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee. First published in 1980 it was chosen by Penguin for its series Great Books of the 20th Century and won both the James Tait Black Memorial Prize and Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize for fiction.
 The Island is a daily English-language newspaper in Sri Lanka. It is published by Upali Newspapers. A sister newspaper of Divaina The Island was established in 1981. Its Sunday edition Sunday Island commenced publishing in 1991. The daily newspaper currently has a circulation of 70000 and its Sunday edition 103000 per issue. Upali Wijewardene was its founder.
 Amy's Eyes is a children's fantasy novel by Richard Kennedy published by Harper & Row in 1985 and illustrated by Richard Egielski.The narrative begins in an orphanage where Amy inadvertently brings her sailor doll to life. It continues on a ship where he has become captain and she has transformed into a doll herself. The book is a principally a coming-of-age tale and a nautical adventure involving pirates and the search for lost treasure.
 Taking Steps is a 1979 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is the first of Alan Ayckbourn's plays to have alternate plotlines depending on decisions made during the plays (the later two plays of this kind being Intimate Exchanges and It Could Be Any One Of Us).
 The Truth About the Harry Quebert Affair is a novel by Swiss author Joël Dicker. It will be published in the United States on May 27 2014 by Penguin Books.The original French version La Vérité sur l’Affaire Harry Quebert has sold more than one million copies knocking Fifty Shades of Grey off the top of the bestseller lists in French-speaking countries.Rights have been bought for translations into 32 languages.
 The nonfiction book The Last Stand of the Tin Can Sailors: The Extraordinary World War II Story of the U.S. Navy's Finest Hour is the first full narrative account of the Battle off Samar which author James D. Hornfischer calls the greatest upset in the history of naval warfare.
 The Sooner Catholic is a bi-monthly newspaper (except in July and December) published by the Archdiocese of Oklahoma City. (The Sooner Catholic Online is the web-based version of the newspaper.) There is no subscription charge for Catholics in Oklahoma who request the newspaper; a subscription rate of $20 a year is requested for those persons who are not members of the Archdiocese of Oklahoma City. The current publisher of the newspaper is Paul Stagg Coakley archbishop of Oklahoma City.
 Bazmavep (Armenian: Բազմավէպ Polyhistory) is an academic journal covering Armenian studies. It is published by the Mechitarist monastery in San Lazzaro degli Armeni Venice Italy. Bazmavep was established by Gabriel Aivazovsky and Ghevond Alishan in May 1843 with the initial intention of publishing for three years. Previous editors-in-chief have been Gabriel Aivazovsky (1843-1848) and Ghevont Alishan (1849-1851). The current editor is Sahak Chemchemean.
 Ghalib Danger is a 2013 novel by Author Neeraj Pandey best known for Writing and Directing the critically acclaimed movies A Wednesday and Special 26. He won the National Award for A Wednesday.
 The Road to Mecca also known as Road to Mecca or Road to Makkah is the autobiography of Muslim scholar intellectual political theorist and diplomat Muhammad Asad.A timeless spiritual classic this gripping and insightful autobiography of an Austrian journalist who fully immersed himself in the life and faith of the Islamic world permanently reorients the reader's view of the world.
 Too Close to Home is a novel written by Canadian author Linwood Barclay the author of the Richard & Judy Summer read winner No Time For Goodbye.
 The Snow Maiden is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky written in 1873 and first published in the September 1871 issue of Vestnik Evropy.
 Handbook of Religion and Health is a scholarly book about the relation of spirituality and religion with physical and mental health. Written by Harold G. Koenig Michael E. McCullough and David B. Larson the book was published in the United States in 2001. The book has been discussed in magazines and reviewed in professional journals.A second revised edition of the Handbook was published in 2012.
 Al Sharq (in Arabic الشرق meaning The Orient) is an Arabic and pro-government daily newspaper published in Qatar. The paper is one of the three leading Arabic newspapers in the country in addition to Al Raya and Al Watan.
 A Woman With No Clothes On (2008) is V R Main's debut novel. Set in 19th century Paris Main tells the story of 18-year-old Victorine Meurent the painter Edouard Manet and their shared longing for the ultimate painting. The novel won the Trafalgar Squared Prize and was shortlisted for The People's Book Prize. It was published by Delancey Press.
 A Streetcar Named Desire is a 1947 play written by American playwright Tennessee Williams for which he received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1948. The play opened on Broadway on December 3 1947 and closed on December 17 1949 in the Ethel Barrymore Theatre. The Broadway production was directed by Elia Kazan and starred Marlon Brando Jessica Tandy Kim Hunter and Karl Malden.
 The Skeptic is a British magazine and is billed as the UK’s longest running and foremost sceptical magazine which examines science skepticism secularism critical thinking and claims of the paranormal.
 The Fear Index is a 2011 novel by British author Robert Harris. It is set in a period of roughly 24 hours from the 6 May 2010—the date of the British general election and the Flash Crash. It follows the interactions of a group of employees at Hoffmann Investment Technologies a fictional hedge fund operating in Geneva.
 Pathologica is an academic journal which covers the field of general and human pathology including studies of pathological processes using immunocytochemistry and molecular biology. Founded in 1908 it was published on behalf of the Società Anatomo Patologi Ospedalieri Italiani by Springer-Verlag Milan until 2003 and is now published for the society by Ospedali Galliera di Genova. Pathologica is published bimonthly in Italian with some recent content in English and is indexed by Medline.
 A Secret History of Pandora's Box is an English erotic novel published anonymously in 1742 by the London publishers Mary Cooper and her husband. Its focus on the female genitalia proceeds with reference to Greek and Roman mythology a common trope of the time. Another common and more specific trope in much erotic fiction of the time is allegorizing the parts of the female sex as a cave.
 The Petroleum Dictionary is a dictionary covering terms used in the American oil industry. It was compiled by Lalia Phipps Boone and was first published by the University of Oklahoma Press in 1952.
 Politis (Greek: Πολίτης meaning Citizen) is a daily Greek-language newspaper published in Cyprus. It is the third-largest (by circulation) Greek-language newspaper on the island behind Phileleftheros Simerini and Haravgi with about 7000 copies sold daily or about 8% of the market. Its political views are considered to be centre-right but it is independently owned.
 My Education redirects here. You may be looking for the article An Education about the film.My Education: A Book of Dreams (1995) (ISBN 0-14-009454-7) is the final novel by William S. Burroughs to be published before his death in 1997. It is a collection of dreams taken from various decades along with a few comments about the War on Drugs and paragraphs created with the cut-up technique. The book is dedicated to Michael Emerton (January 18 1966 - November 4 1992).
 Shatter Me is a young adult dystopian thriller written by Tahereh Mafi that was published on November 15 2011. The book is narrated by Juliette a 17-year-old girl with a lethal touch and is unique in that it contains passages and lines that have been crossed out. The second book in the series Unravel Me was published on February 5 2013. The third book the in series Ignite Me was published on February 4 2014.
 Operation Ares is Gene Wolfe's first novel published as a paperback original by Berkley Books in 1970. While no later editions were issued in the United States a hardcover edition was released in the UK market by Dobson Books in 1977 followed by a Fontana paperback in 1978. The title is sometimes rendered Operation ARES.The novel began as a short story written by Wolfe in 1965. He submitted the story to Damon Knight who suggested that Wolfe expand it into a novel.
 La Presse founded in 1884 is a French-language daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is owned today by Groupe Gesca a subsidiary of Power Corporation of Canada. A Sunday edition was discontinued in 2009.
 The Big Rich: The Rise and Fall of the Greatest Texas Oil Fortunes is the fifth and latest book by Bryan Burrough published in 2009. The book tells the story of four Texas oil men and their families that made large fortunes in the oil industry: Hugh Roy Cullen Clint Murchison Sid Richardson and H.L. Hunt. The book also discusses wildcatter Glenn McCarthy.
 The World at Night (1996) is a novel by Alan Furst.
 The Shanghai Business Review (Chinese: 上海商业评论 Pinyin: Shànghǎi Shāngyè Pínglùn; also referred to as SBR) is an English-language monthly business magazine and news website written and edited in Shanghai and published by Middle Kingdom Media Publishing in Hong Kong.The magazine’s editorial focuses on providing a comprehensive summary of the main business developments in China and on issues of practical importance to international companies in China’s largest city Shanghai.
 Guitar World is a monthly music magazine devoted to guitarists published since July 1980. It contains original interviews album and gear reviews and guitar and bass tablature of approximately five songs each month. The magazine is published 13 times per year (12 monthly issues and a holiday issue). Formerly owned by Harris Publications Future US bought the magazine in 2003. In 2012 NewBay Media bought the Music division of Future US.
 Darkness Descends is a Crime Thriller debut novel by Scott Frank.
 Finders Keepers (OCLC 182580986) is a book written by William Lipkind and illustrated by Nicholas Mordvinoff. Released by Harcourt it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1952.
 Shaman of Oberstdorf: Chonrad Stoeckhlin and the Phantoms of the Night is a study of the arrest and trial of Chonrad Stoecklin (1549–1587) a German herdsman from the town of Oberstdorf who was accused and executed for the crime of witchcraft after experiencing a series of visions.
 Red Sings from Treetops: A Year in Colors is a children's picture book written by American children's author Joyce Sidman illustrated by Pamela Zagarenski and published by Houghton Mifflin Books for Children. The book follows the changes of the seasons throughout the year by looking at colors.The book was an Honor book for the Caldecott Medal and won the Claudia Lewis Poetry Award in 2010.
 Chihayafuru (ちはやふる) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuki Suetsugu serialised in Be Love and published by Kodansha. It is about a school girl Chihaya Ayase who is inspired by a new classmate to take up Hyakunin Isshu karuta competitively. It has been adapted into an anime television series which aired on Nippon Television and Crunchyroll between October 2011 and March 2012.
 The 4-Hour Workweek: Escape 9-5 Live Anywhere and Join the New Rich (2007) is a self-help book by Timothy Ferriss an American writer educational activist and entrepreneur. The book has spent more than four years on the The New York Times Best Seller list has been translated into 35 languages and has sold more than 1350000 copies worldwide.
 Kage Kara Mamoru! (陰からマモル lit. Mamoru from the Shadows or I Will Protect You from the Shadows) is a series of light novels written by Achi Taro. The light novels had ended in March 2008 with the release of Volume 12 but as of July 2009 a new series entitled Motto! Kage Kara Mamoru! (もっと!陰からマモル! lit. More! Mamoru the Shadow) has started serialization. It features manga and anime adaptations. The main character is Mamoru Kagemori a ninja who is sworn to protect his neighbor Yūna Konnyaku.
 The Homeward Bounders is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones with the chilling premise that there is a vast series of parallel universes all of which serve as the game-boards for a race of demons that delight in war-games and fantasy-games. The style in which she presents this strange premise is directed at children but without whimsical language which appeals to mature readers as well.
 Panzerfaust was a wargaming magazine started by Don Greenwood in 1967 and named after the German panzerfaust a recoilless anti-tank weapon. Like the more successful Strategy & Tactics magazine Panzerfaust included complete games.Originally an informal periodical distributed on ditto sheets by 1972 the magazine was a staple-bound 5.5 x 8.5 pamphlet with a monochrome cover and an average length of about 50 pages. That year Don Lowry owner of Guidon Games acquired the magazine.
 Travels with My Aunt is a 1989 comedy adapted by Scottish dramatist by Giles Havergal from the Graham Greene novel of the same title.
 Broken as Things Are is a 2004 novel by Martha Witt. The book was released on August 12 2004 through Henry Holt and Co. and follows the coming of age of a young Southern girl.
 Aalaap mein girah (Hindi: आलाप में गिरह) is first collection of poems by Hindi poet Geet Chaturvedi published in Hindi in 2010 by Rajkamal Prakashan New Delhi. Geet Chaturvedi was awarded Bharat Bhushan agrawal award for poetry in 2007 for his poem Mother India. Geet has written novellas too.
 The Times-Tribune is a morning newspaper serving the Scranton Pennsylvania U.S. area. It is owned by the Lynett family and their company Times-Shamrock Communications. On Sundays the paper is published as The Sunday Times.
 Today Newspaper is an independent newspaper in the Gambia West Africa. It was established July 2007 by Abdul Hamid Adiamoh a Nigerian journalist. The newspaper was the first to publish colour on its front cover and in selected pages.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1950 is a 1950 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1951 under the title The Best Science Fiction Stories. The stories had originally appeared in 1949 in the magazines Astounding The Saturday Evening Post Fantasy and Science Fiction Fantastic Adventures Maclean’s Thrilling Wonder Stories Blue Book and Startling Stories.
 Janus was a feminist science fiction fanzine edited by Janice Bogstad and Jeanne Gomoll in Madison Wisconsin and closely associated with that city's science fiction convention WisCon (Several early WisCon program books doubled as special issues of Janus.) It was repeatedly nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Fanzine (1978 1979 and 1980); this led to accusations that if Janus had not been feminist it wouldn't have been nominated.
 Seven Pillars of Wisdom is the autobiographical account of the experiences of British soldier T. E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia) while serving as a liaison officer with rebel forces during the Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Turks of 1916 to 1918.Charles Hill has called Seven Pillars a novel traveling under the cover of autobiography capturing Lawrence's highly personal version of the historical events described in the book.
 Morella is a short story in the Gothic horror genre by 19th-century American author and critic Edgar Allan Poe.
 Ode to Kirihito (きりひと讃歌 Kirihito Sanka) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka. It was originally serialized in Big Comic in Japan 1970-1971 and was published in English translation in 2006 by Vertical Inc.This series is about a heroic young doctor named Kirihito Osanai and his efforts to cure a strange disease that deforms its victims so that they look like dog-people.
 The Bakersfield Californian is a daily newspaper serving Bakersfield California and surrounding Kern County in the state's San Joaquin Valley.
 Beast is a young adult novel by Ally Kennen published in 2006. It won the 2007 Manchester Book Award and was shortlisted for the 2006 Booktrust Teenage Prize the 2007 Carnegie Medal and the 2007 Branford Boase Award. Like Berserk and Bedlam there will be a new edition of the book in May which features a new cover.
 The ACBF newsletter aims at providing news and facilitating the exchange of ideas of ACBF’s capacity-building interventions in Africa.
 The Absent Author is a children's mystery book written by Ron Roy in 1997 and is the first book in the A to Z Mysteries series.In the first installment the Absent Author we meet the young team: the well read and thoughtful Dink (that's Donald David Duncan); neighbor Ruth Rose; and best friend Josh.The plot involves three amateur detectives Dink Josh and Ruth Rose who come across a mystery when they begin to suspect that a famous mystery writer named Wallis Wallace was kidnapped when he did not show up for a book-signing. 
 The Stretford & Urmston Advertiser is a weekly free newspaper delivered to homes in Stretford Urmston Davyhulme and Flixton in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford in Greater Manchester England. Published every Thursday it is one of two sister MEN Media publications covering Trafford: the other is the Sale & Altrincham Advertiser; both replaced the Trafford Metro in October 2010.
 Moderato Cantabile is a novel by Marguerite Duras. It was very popular selling half a million copies and was the initial source of Duras's fame.
 The Memphis Daily Post was a daily newspaper that reported on the lives of freedmen in Memphis Tennessee after the American Civil War.
 BPM magazine was launched in 1996 with the emergence of electronic music and dj culture in America and has been a trusted source ever since.
 The Animals of Farthing Wood is the first book of the Animals of Farthing Wood book series which was later adapted into a TV series of the same name. It was first published in 1979. An abridged version of 70 pages by the same author was published in 1993 to accompany the TV series.
 Abadon is a novel by Slovenian author Janez Mencinger. It was first published in 1893.
 Cinema of Obsession: Erotic Fixation and Love Gone Wrong in the Movies by Dominique Mainon and James Ursini is a non-fiction book documenting the history of obsessive love amour fou and erotic fixation in cinema.It begins with an overview of mad love in literature and myth then moves quickly into an in-depth overview of the theme in modern cinema.
 Secret Asian Man is a syndicated comic strip written and drawn by Tak Toyoshima and published in Boston's Weekly Dig Metro Silicon Valley San Jose Mercury News RedEye Nichi Bei Times AsianWeek Georgia Asian Times The Everett Herald and on the internet.[citation needed]The strip has appeared weekly since 1999 and covers the author's biography and Asian American issues.
 Jedhe Shakawali or Jedhe Chronology is a bare record of events with dates covering the period from 1618 to 1697 AD kept by the Jedhe Deshmukhs of village Kari located near Bhor in Pune district. It is known to be the valuable source for the political history of the formative period of Maratha Empire. The document was first edited by B.G. Tilak and published by Bharat Itihas Sanshodhak Mandal Pune in 1916.
 Undead is a paranormal romance book series by MaryJanice Davidson about Betsy Taylor. Betsy Taylor loses her job and is killed in the same day (her thirtieth birthday) only to awake undead in a funeral home. After attempting to kill herself multiple times she realizes that she is a vampire - not only a vampire but queen of the vampires.
 The Adventures of Lucius Leffing is a collection of supernatural detective short stories by Joseph Payne Brennan. It was first published in 1990 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1000 copies all of which were signed by the author and the artist. The stories feature Brennan's supernatural detective Lucius Leffing. All but four of the stories first appeared in this collection.
 Children of Wonder is an anthology of science fiction and fantasy stories edited by William Tenn published in hardcover by Simon and Schuster in 1953. It was reprinted in paperback in 1954 by Permabooks under the title Outsiders: Children of Wonder. The only anthology edited by Tenn its stories feature children with superhuman or supernatural talents.
 Vermillion is a dark science fantasy comic book series set in an eponymous city located in an imagined far future or alternate reality. The series was conceived and written by multi-award winning author Lucius Shepard as part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix. The title was cancelled after a one year publication run shortly before the Helix imprint was itself cancelled by DC and its remaining titles shifted across to the Vertigo line.
 Impossible Monsters is a horror anthology featuring the editing debut by actress and musician Kasey Lansdale. It was published as both a limited edition and a trade hardcover by Subterranean Press in late July 2013. The limited edition had already sold out prior to publication. The Lansdale name is legendary in the horror field. Now Kasey Lansdale follows in her father Joe Lansdale's footsteps with this anthology of monstrously innovative stories.
 Ecological Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Society for Ecological Economics. It covers research on ecological economics. The journal was established in 1989 by founding editor-in-chief Robert Costanza. The current editor-in-chief is Richard B. Howarth (Dartmouth College).
 The Conway Daily Sun is a five-day (Tuesday through Saturday) free daily newspaper published in the town of Conway New Hampshire U.S. covering the Mount Washington Valley. It has been published since 1989 by Country News Club and was the forerunner of three other Daily Sun newspapers in New Hampshire and Maine.The Conway Daily Sun was the first United States daily to publish the popular numbers puzzle Sudoku.
 European Transactions on Telecommunications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of information technology and telecommunications.
 The New Jersey Jewish News (NJJN) is a weekly newspaper published by United Jewish Communities (UJC) of MetroWest New Jersey.All newspaper editorial content is independent of UJC and the views it expresses are not necessarily those of UJC.
 The Last Dream is a collection of fantasy and science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1986. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Analog Science Fiction and Fact Fantastic Startling Stories and Worlds of Fantasy.
 One Hundred and Two H-Bombs is a collection of science fiction stories by Thomas M. Disch. It was first published by Compact Books in 1967. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantastic Worlds of Tomorrow Amazing Stories If New Worlds Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine and Bizarre! Mystery Magazine.
 Youth Justice is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering analyses of juvenile/youth justice systems law policy and practice. The journal's editors-in-chief are Barry Goldson (University of Liverpool) and John Muncie (The Open University). It was established in 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Real Simple launched by Time inc. in 2000 features articles and information related to homekeeping childcare cooking and emotional wellbeing. The magazine is distinguished by its clean uncluttered style of layout and photos. Real Simple is a monthly women's interest magazine. Out of the 7.6 million readers 90% are women. The current editor is Kristin Van Ogtrop.Real Simple made its television debut in 2006 with a half-hour segment airing on the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS).
 Hellboy: The Wild Hunt is the ninth collected edition in Mike Mignola's Hellboy comic book series the second of three connected story arcs written by Mignola and illustrated by Duncan Fegredo. Its eight chapters collected in March 2010 were originally released from December 2008 through November 2009 as issues 1-8 of the Hellboy: The Wild Hunt limited series also numbered (on the inside front cover) as issues 37 through 44 of the continuing Hellboy series.
 Computer: A History of the Information Machine is a popular history of computing first published in 1996 by Martin Campbell-Kelly and William Aspray. It follows the history of information machines from Charles Babbage's Difference Engine through Herman Hollerith's Tabulating Machines to the invention of the modern electronic digital computer.
 Vampire Zero is a 2008 vampire novel written by David Wellington.
 Reversing: Secrets of Reverse Engineering is a textbook written by Eldad Eilam on the subject of reverse engineering software mainly within a Microsoft Windows environment. It covers the use of debuggers and other low-level tools for working with binaries. Of particular interest is that it uses OllyDbg in examples and is therefore one of the few practical modern books on the subject that uses popular real-world tools to facilitate learning.
 SD Gundam Musha Banchō Fūunroku (SDガンダム武者番長風雲録) is an SD Gundam manga a spin off from the popular Gundam anime. It is authored by Masato Ichishiki and ran in Comic Bom Bom. The Bancho in the title is Japanese slang for student delinquents
 Higher-Order Perl: Transforming Programs with Programs (ISBN 1-55860-701-3) is a book about the Perl programming language written by Mark Jason Dominus with the goal to teach Perl programmers with a strong C and Unix background how to use techniques with roots in functional programming languages like Lisp that are available in Perl as well but less known. The book is often referred to as HOP.
 The Canmore Leader was a weekly newspaper based in Canmore Alberta Canada. Its final issue was published June 26 2013.The final editor was Russ Ullyot and the final publisher was Shawn Cornell. The paper was closed and staff were amalgamated with staff from the Banff Crag & Canyon newspaper to create a regional paper the Bow Valley Crag & Canyon.
 Southern Standard is a semi-daily newspaper based in McMinnville Tennessee.
 Mad Girl's Love Song is a poem written by Sylvia Plath in 1951 while she was a student at Smith College. It is written in the villanelle poetic form and is generally included in the biographical note appended to Plath's novel The Bell Jar.The poem was first published in the August 1953 edition of Mademoiselle.
 The Lake of Souls is the 10th book in The Saga of Darren Shan and is also the first in the 4th and final trilogy in 'The Saga' called The Vampire Destiny Trilogy. It reveals a lot about the character of Harkat Mulds mainly and introduces a new character called Spits Abrams. This book also adds many more questions that will be answered in the next two books. Also this book is the longest in the series.
 Neshat (Exhiliration or Joy in English) is a reformist and moderate Persian language newspaper published in Iran and headquartered in Tehran. The daily was relaunched in September 2013 after long-period ban.
 Phlow is a German webzine originally founded by Moritz mo. Sauer a German journalist. The magazine initially focused on publishing interviews portraits and reviews about artists who release their music licensed under a creative commons and several forms of netculture. Since its birth in 2000 Phlow evolved and initiated the Netlabel Catalogue a directory of netlabels and started an international version in English on September 2007 called Phlow-Magazine.com.
 First Rider's Call (2003) is the second novel written by Kristen Britain and is the second book in its series.
 Slowness (French: La Lenteur) published in 1995 in France is a novel written in French by Milan Kundera. In the book Kundera manages to weave together a number of plot lines characters and themes in just over 150 pages. While the book has a narrative it mainly serves as a way for Kundera to describe a philosophy about modernity technology memory and sensuality.
 A Flag on the Island is a collection of short stories written by V.S. Naipaul and first published by André Deutsch in 1967. It includes the title novella A Flag on the Island outtakes from previous novels such as The Enemy from Miguel Street and pieces published in periodicals in England or the United States. It is dedicated to Diana Athill.
 Boba Fett: A New Threat is a 2004 children's science fiction book by Elizabeth Hand set in the Star Wars galaxy at the beginning of the Clone Wars. This sequel to Boba Fett: Hunted was published by Scholastic Press. The book takes place 2.5 years after Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 19.5 years before Episode IV: A New Hope.In August 2008 the first three books in this series were repackaged as a Borders exclusive hardcover edition.
 Delusions of Gender: How Our Minds Society and Neurosexism Create Difference is a 2010 book by Cordelia Fine written to debunk the idea that men and women are hardwired with different interests. The author criticizes claimed evidence of the existence of innate biological differences between men and women's minds as being faulty and exaggerated and argues that cultural and societal beliefs contribute to commonly perceived sex differences.
 Soulless is a steampunk paranormal romance novel by Gail Carriger. First published in October 2009 by Orbit Books Soulless is the first book in a projected five-novel The Parasol Protectorate series each featuring Alexia Tarabotti a woman without a soul as its lead character. A finalist for several literary awards and a recipient of the 2010 Alex Award Soulless was declared by Publishers Weekly to be one of the Best Books of 2009.
 Karakuri Odette (カラクリオデット Karakuri Odetto lit. Mechanized Puppet Odette) is a shōjo manga by Julietta Suzuki that was serialized in the bi-weekly Japanese shojo manga anthology Hana to Yume. Though Karakuri Odette is actually Suzuki's second series it was awarded the Outstand Debut award in the 31st Hakusensha Athena Newcomers' Awards. The series's 35 chapters were compiled into 6 volumes by Hakusensha.
 Indian Killer is a novel written by Sherman Alexie featuring a serial killer in the city of Seattle Washington who scalps white men. Because of this technique he is called the Indian Killer and rising fear provokes anti-Native American violence and racial hostility.
 Pedal Pusher is a play written by the English director and playwright Roland Smith. Pedal Pusher revolves around the Tour de France in the late 1990s and early 2000s. It was developed from dialogue gleaned from interviews biographies and archive footage. It premiered at London's Cavendish Gate Theatre in July 2009 starring Tom Daplyn Josh Cass Alexander Guiney and Graham O'Mara directed by Roland Smith and produced by Theatre Delicatessen.
 Dartmouth Law Journal formally Dartmouth College Undergraduate Journal of Law is a student-run legal journal. It is published by Dartmouth College in Hanover New Hampshire United States
 Regina v Rumpole is a 1981 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole. They were adapted from his scripts for the TV series of the same name.The stories were:Rumpole and the Boat PeopleRumpole and the Confession of Guilt Rumpole and the Dear DepartedRumpole and the Expert WitnessRumpole and the Gentle Art of BlackmailRumpole and the Rotten AppleRumpole and the Spirit of ChristmasThe collection also includes the novel Rumpole's Return.
 The American Journal of Lifestyle Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of lifestyle medicine. The editor-in-chief is James M. Rippe (Tufts University Medical School). It was established in 2007 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Eyes of Heisenberg is a 1966 science fiction novel by Frank Herbert. Originally serialized as Heisenberg's Eyes in Galaxy magazine between June and August 1966 it was issued by Berkley in the same year. The title refers to Werner Heisenberg's uncertainty principle here applied both on the molecular (genetic) level (producing the atypical embryo the story hinges on) and on a macro societal level.
 Doofus is an alternative comic by Rick Altergott about two foolish creeps Doofus and his pal Henry Hotchkiss and their adventures in Flowertown USA.Doofus has appeared in various publications including the Seattle Stranger Heavy Metal and comic books published by Fantagraphics Books such as Doofus Doofus Omnibus Raisin Pie and later issues of Hate.
 Scroogenomics is a non-fiction book written by the economist Joel Waldfogel.
 The Dhammapada / Introduced & Translated by Eknath Easwaran is an English-language book originally published in 1986. It contains Easwaran's translation of the Dhammapada a Buddhist scripture traditionally ascribed to the Buddha himself. The book also contains a substantial overall introduction of about 70 pages as well as introductory notes to each of the Dhammapada's 26 chapters.
 The Bishop's Mantle is a novel by Agnes Sligh Turnbull about the grandson of an American Episcopal bishop in New York City in the early years of World War II.
 Al-Thawra (Arabic: الثورة The Revolution) is a leading newspaper in the Republic of Yemen. The newspaper was founded on 28 September 1962 and is a pro-government in its stance. On March 2007 the newspaper completed the acquiring of R704 LV printer installed by MAN Roland.
 The Mice Squad is a Canadian comic strip by Larry Purdy. It first appeared in The Evening Telegram (St. John's Newfoundland) on October 24 1994. Later the mice spread out into The Chronicle Herald (Halifax Nova Scotia) The Daily Press (Timmins Ontario) The Sherbrooke Record (Sherbrooke Ontario) The Western Star (Corner Brook Newfoundland) Northern News (Kirkland Lake Ontario) and The Edge - A Salvation Army Publication.
 Mouse (マウス Mausu sometimes typeset as MØUSE) is a manga series written by Satoru Akahori and drawn by Hiroshi Itaba. It was serialized in the Japanese magazine Young Animal and published by Hakusensha between 1999 and 2004 .Mouse was adapted into a twelve-episode anime television series written by Hiroyuki Kawasaki directed by Yorifusa Yamaguchi and produced by Media Factory and Studio Deen.In 2005 Hakusensha published a one-volume manga prequel titled Mouse Bakumatsu-den (マウス ～幕末伝～ ).
 Time After Time is a 1979 science fiction novel by Karl Alexander. Its plot speculates what might have happened if H. G. Wells had built a real time machine to travel to the 1970s in search of Jack the Ripper.The novel was adapted to film the same year under the same title by Alexander's friend Nicholas Meyer who had optioned the story after reading the early pages. Meyer wrote his screenplay as Alexander finished the novel and the two freely shared ideas for their respective iterations.
 Babbitt first published in 1922 is a novel by Sinclair Lewis. Largely a satire of American culture society and behavior it critiques the vacuity of middle-class American life and its pressure toward conformity.
 Old Man's Cave is the sixth book in the Bone series. It collects issues 34-39 of Jeff Smith's self-published Bone comic book series. It marks the conclusion of the second part of the saga entitled Solstice.
 Switch (スイッチ Suicchi) is a shōnen action manga written by Otoh Saki and illustrated by Tomomi Nakamura. It was serialized in Square Enix's GFantasy from 2002 to October 2008. The individual chapters were collected and published in 13 tankōbon volumes by Square Enix with the first volume released on June 21 2002 and the final volume released on December 27 2008.
 The Photographer: Into War-torn Afghanistan with Doctors Without Borders is a graphic novel by Emmanuel Guibert Didier Lefèvre and Frederic Lemercier.The Photographer tells the story of Didier Lefèvre a French photojournalist who accompanied a Médecins Sans Frontières mission during the height of the Soviet war in Afghanistan in 1986.First published by Dupuis in three volumes from 2003 through 2006 it has been translated from the original French into 11 languages.
 for the play see Farewell My Lovely (play).Farewell My Lovely is a 1940 novel by Raymond Chandler the second novel he wrote featuring Los Angeles private eye Philip Marlowe. It was adapted for the screen three times.
 A Death in the Desert is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in The Scribner's in January 1903.
 Question and Answer is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson that originally appeared in the June and July 1954 issues of Astounding Science Fiction. It was reprinted in 1956 as part of Ace Double D-199 under the title Planet of No Return and again as a stand-alone Ace novel in February 1978 under the original title.
 Night at the Mocking Widow is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 Ecstasies: Deciphering the Witches' Sabbath is a study of visionary traditions in Early Modern Europe written by the Italian historian Carlo Ginzburg.
 The Golden Wind is originally a story of adventure in the China by Takashi Ohta and Margaret Sperry first published in 1929.The same title is used by L. Sprague de Camp for a historical novel first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1969 and in paperback by Curtis in 1972. It is the fifth and last of his historical novels both in order of writing and chronologically.
 Angel comic book refers to one of two series published by Dark Horse Comics during 2000–2002. Both of these series are based on the television series Angel and were published while the television series was on air. The first volume was an ongoing series halted after seventeen issues. The second volume was a mini-series spanning four issues.
 Chemistry of Natural Compounds is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the chemistry of natural compounds. It was established in 1965 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Khusnutdin M. Shakhidoyatov.
 Afar is a travel publication focused on Experiential Travel based in the United States. The company also operates a non-profit foundation providing scholarships for educational journeys for students. It was launched in 2009 by Greg Sullivan and Joseph Diaz. AFAR is headquartered in San Francisco California and has an office in New York City. AFAR was featured on the Martha Stewart Show. It has received awards in the travel writing and journalism industry (Lowell Thomas Awards).
 The Nanguo Metropolis Daily (Chinese: 南国都市报; pinyin: Nánguódūshì Bào; literally Southern Metropolis Daily) is a daily Chinese language newspaper published in Hainan Province People's Republic of China by the Hainan Daily Press Group (海南日报报业集团 Hăinán Rìbào Bàoyè Jítuán).Launched in 2001 according to a poll by Central China Television (CCTV) the paper has the largest share of the newspaper market in Hainan.
 Elektra: Assassin is an eight-issue limited series published by Epic Comics an imprint of Marvel Comics between August 1986 and March 1987. Written by Frank Miller and illustrated by Bill Sienkiewicz Elektra: Assassin satirizes ultra-violence politics comic book clichés like ninjas and cyborgs and the portrayal of women.
 John Woo's 7 Brothers is a 2006 five-issue comic book limited series published under the Director's Cut imprint of Virgin Comics. The series was produced by John Woo written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Jeevan Kang. In 2007 the series was followed by a sequel John Woo's 7 Brothers II written by Ben Raab and Deric Hughes with art by Edison George.
 Kaliyugaya (Sinhala Age of Darkness) is a novel written by Sinhala writer Martin Wickremasinghe and first published in 1957. It is the conclusion of Wickremasinghe's trilogy that started with Gamperaliya.It was adapted into a movie by Lester James Peries in 1981.
 Ladies Whose Bright Eyes is a novel by Ford Madox Ford. It was written in 1911 and extensively revised in 1935 and published under Ford's common pseudonym Daniel Chaucer.Although it has a time travel theme of a sort is usually classed as mainstream literature rather than science fiction. As its author explicitly stated  (...)The idea of this book was suggested to me by Mark Twain's A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court.
 Kuri-chan (クリちゃん) is a yonkoma manga series by Susumu Nemoto which ran from October 1 1951 to March 31 1965 in the Asahi Shimbun evening edition. Nemoto modeled the main character Kuri-chan after his oldest son who was born in 1948. The name of the main character is actually Ken (健) and gets his nickname from his naturally kuri kuri (or curly) hair. The manga is unusual in that other than the images it relies almost exclusively on onomotopeia rather than words to tell the story.
 Geografiska Annaler is a scientific journal published by the Swedish Society for Anthropology and Geography. The journal is published in two series A and B. Series A deals with arctic research physical geography glaciology and quaternary science in general. Series B covers the topics of human geography and economic geography with a special but not exclusive focus on the Nordic and Baltic countries.
 Razawin Linka (Burmese: ရာဇဝင် လင်္ကာ) is an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle covering the history of Arakan.
 Atonement is a British family saga novel written by author Ian McEwan and published in 2001. It is about understanding and responding to the need for atonement. Set in three time periods of pre/present/post-World War II England/France it covers a young upper-class girl's half-innocent mistake that ruins lives and her adulthood in its shadow which leads her into a reflection on the nature of writing.It is widely regarded as one of McEwan's best works.
 Beauvallet is a 1929 novel written by Georgette Heyer.
 Forever Peace is a 1997 science fiction novel by Joe Haldeman. It won the Nebula Award Hugo Award and John W. Campbell Memorial Award in 1998.
 Psychological Methods is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1996 and covers the development and dissemination of methods for collecting analyzing understanding and interpreting psychological data. The outgoing editor-in-chief is Mark Appelbaum (University of California San Diego) and the incoming editor is Lisa Harlow (University of Rhode Island).
 Merging is a one act play written by Charles Messina. The play debuted at the Players Theatre in Greenwich Village on October 25 2007 during the theater's Shortened Attention Span Horror Festival. It was voted Best Play of the festival.
 Realize your potential: discover your hidden powers (in original Tvoi vozmozhnosti chelovek!) is a 1973 Russian self-help book by Soviet author Viktor Davidovich Pekelis. The English version was first published in 1987 translated by Anatoli Rosenzweig and the book has been translated into six other languages.It deals with issues of self-improvement cybernetics genius and talent binding them together in a unique way.
 Wprost (Polish pronunciation: [ˈfprɔst] Direct) is an Polish-language weekly newsmagazine published in Poland.
 A Rap on Race is a non-fiction book co-authored by James Baldwin and Margaret Mead. It consists of a conversation on a tape recorder transcribed into a book.
 Daredevils is the 159th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon. The book was first published by Pocket Books in 2000 and republished by Aladdin Paperbacks in 2002 and by Thorndike Press in 2003.
 Sidewalk is an English language magazine that features skateboarding culture and is published by Factory Media.
 Coroner's Pidgin is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in 1945 in the United Kingdom by William Heinemann London and in the United States by Doubleday Doran New York as Pearls Before Swine. It is the twelfth novel in the Albert Campion series.
 Sharpe's Triumph is the 1998 historical novel by Bernard Cornwell. It is a fast paced continuation of the Richard Sharpe story in his early pre-officer days in India and follows the build up to and the Battle of Assaye. Sharpe is an individual born into the very lowest level of English society with no money education or connection. However he has an excess of anger and ambition and the fighting skills of a warrior which he uses fully to advance himself.
 God Was Born in Exile (French: Dieu est né en exil) is a novel by Romanian author Vintilă Horia for which he was awarded the Prix Goncourt in 1960 though he was never handed the prize following allegations that surfaced after his nomination that he had once been a member of the Iron Guard.The novel's narrator is Ovid the Roman poet and this apocryphal work is rather similar to Marguerite Yourcenar's Mémoires d'Hadrien in which Yourcenar writes the Roman emperor Hadrian's mémoires.In God Was Born in Exile Ovid covers the last eight years of his life when he was exiled to Tomis an Ancient Roman colony in Scythia Minor. 
 Recovery Road is a teenage novel by author Blake Nelson. The book is centered around a teenager Maddie Graham at the rehab center Spring Meadows and how she overcomes her addiction to alcohol and drugs. The book shows how Maddie transforms herself from a drug obsessed and beer addicted teen to a mature young woman who ends up going to University and turning into an English professor and settling down into a normal life.
 The Times Bulletin is a newspaper based in Van Wert Ohio. In 2010 Brown Publishing was sold it to the Delphos Herald.
 The Horrorist was an occult and horror-themed comic book limited series written by Jamie Delano with art by David Lloyd. It was a spin-off of Vertigo's popular Hellblazer series. The book consisted of two 52-page issues without advertisements published in December 1995 and January 1996 respectively.
 My Brilliant Career is a 1901 novel written by Miles Franklin. It is the first of many novels by Stella Maria Sarah Miles Franklin (1879–1954) one of the major Australian writers of her time. It was written while she was still a teenager as a romance to amuse her friends. Franklin submitted the manuscript to Henry Lawson who contributed a preface and took it to his own publishers in Edinburgh.
 Gangsta Granny is a British children's comedy fiction book written by David Walliams illustrated by Tony Ross and published by HarperCollins.
 Raiders of the Lost Car Park is a novel by British author Robert Rankin. It is the second book in the Cornelius Murphy trilogy sequel to The Book of Ultimate Truths and prequel to The Most Amazing Man Who Ever Lived. It documents the continuing adventures of Cornelius Murphy and his companion Tuppe. The novel was first published by Doubleday in 1994. The book's name is a play on Raiders of the Lost Ark an Indiana Jones movie.
 Black Sunday is a 1975 novel by Thomas Harris.It was the first novel by Harris and achieved only moderate success until it was sold to Hollywood. The novel is a thriller about a plot by terrorists to commit mass murder during the Super Bowl in New Orleans and law enforcement efforts to stop them.
 The Law and the McLaughlins is a 1936 novel by Margaret Wilson first published by Doubleday Doran & Company Inc.. It was a sequel to her earlier Pulitzer-prize winning The Able McLaughlins.Wilson has modified the names of two of the characters from the first McLaughlin novel from Wully to Willy and from Chirstie to Kirstie. The story begins 6 months after the end of the first novel in December 1868. Two men have been found lynched.
 Poison Tree is a 2012 young adult fiction novel by American author Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and is her thirteenth novel. The book was published on July 10 2012 and is the eighth novel in the Den of Shadows series. The novel's title is derived from a poem by William Blake entitled A Poison Tree which is featured at the beginning of the novel.
 Hemmings Motor News is a monthly magazine catering to traders and collectors of antique classic and exotic sports cars. It is the largest and oldest publication of its type in the United States with sales of 215000 copies per month and is best known for its large classified advertising sections.
 The Bulletin was an Australian weekly magazine that was published in Sydney from 1880 until January 2008. It was influential in Australian culture and politics from about 1890 until World War I the period when it was identified with the Bulletin school of Australian literature. Its influence thereafter declined steadily. In the 1960s it was revived as a modern newsmagazine. The final issue was published on 23 January 2008.
 This article deals with the novel. For the paraglider see Fan Man.The Fan Man is a cult comic novel published in 1974 by the American writer William Kotzwinkle. It is told in stream-of-consciousness style by the narrator Horse Badorties (the titular fan man) a down-at-the-heels hippie living a life of drug-fueled befuddlement in New York City c. 1970.
 Frontiers in Zoology is a peer-reviewed online scientific journal which deals in the field of all aspects of animal life. In 1999 it was the first open access journal focussing on zoology. It is published online only.
 Kawish (Sindhi: روزانه ڪاوش) is a Sindhi daily newspaper in Pakistan. Kawish is published from Hyderabad. It is a property of Kazi Brothers. The Daily Kawish is the largest circulated newspaper in Sindhi language.
 The Return of the Condor Heroes is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It is the second part of the Condor Trilogy and was preceded by The Legend of the Condor Heroes and followed by The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber. It was first serialised between 20 May 1959 and 5 July 1961 in the Hong Kong newspaper Ming Pao.
 Drugs Are Nice is the memoir of Lisa Crystal Carver published by Soft Skull Press in the US in 2005 and by Snowbooks in the UK in 2006 detailing her early childhood and later romantic relationships with Costes Boyd Rice and Smog's Bill Callahan.he:קטגוריה:ספרות יהודית
 Chithrabhumi is a film magazine in Malayalam published from Kerala. It is a publication from the Mathrubhumi group. It was started in 1982.
 Dialogue with Death a book by Arthur Koestler was originally published in 1937 as a section (Part II) of his book Spanish Testament in which he describes his experiences during the Spanish Civil War. Part II of the book was subsequently decoupled from Spanish Testament and with minor modifications published on its own under the title Dialogue with Death (see quotation below). The book describes Koestler’s prison experiences under sentence of death.
 Vellekla (Old Norse shortage of gold) is a partially preserved drápa composed in the late 10th century by the Icelandic skald Einarr Helgason skálaglamm. It is one of the two drápas he made for Hákon jarl. It speaks of the battle of Hjörungavágr and Hákon's campaign in Denmark among other things.
 The La Grange Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays in La Grange Illinois. The paper covers news of La Grange Countryside La Grange Park and Westchester in western Cook County.The La Grange Suburban Life is published by Suburban Life Media and owned by Shaw Media. Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Northwest Herald Kane County Chronicle Daily Chronicle of DeKalb and The_Herald-News of Joliet.
 Enchanted Boy is the 1989 autobiographical novel by Richie McMullen telling of his childhood growing up in post-war working class Catholic Liverpool and aims to contribute to the growing knowledge of child (sexual) abuse. It is a subjective account of the author’s life from age five to fifteen.
 Global Spin: The Corporate Assault on Environmentalism is a book by Professor Sharon Beder. It was first published in 1997 and there have been subsequent updated editions in 2000 and 2002. The book uses many detailed case studies to build up a bigger picture of how large corporations attempt to manipulate environmental issues for their own ends. In the first edition most of the material was from the United States where the corporate environmental impact has been greatest.
 Eyes of the Emperor is a historical novel written by Graham Salisbury and is currently published by Laurel-Leaf which is an imprint of Random House Children's Books in the United States in paperback. The first edition was published in 2005. The first edition was published by Wendy Lamb Books in hardcover format in the same year.In 2006 Eyes of the Emperor won the Leslie Bradshaw Award for Young Adult Literature.
 The Story of Miss Moppet is a tale about teasing featuring a kitten and a mouse that was written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It was published by Frederick Warne & Co for the 1906 Christmas season. Potter was born in London in 1866 and between 1902 and 1905 published a series of small format children's books with Warne.
 A Guide to the Birds of Mexico and Northern Central America is a field guide to birds covering 1070 species found in Mexico and five other countries in northern Central America (Guatemala Belize El Salvador Honduras and Nicaragua). It is a 1995 book by Steve N. G.
 Nakayoshi (なかよし good friend also romanized Nakayosi in Kunrei-shiki) is a monthly (月刊 gekkan) shōjo manga magazine published by Kodansha in Japan. First published in December 1954 it is a long-running magazine with over 50 years worth of manga publication history. The target demographic for Nakayoshi (like Ribon and Ciao) is aimed at young girls between (ages 9–15).
 Carn is the official magazine of the Celtic League. The name a Celtic word which has been borrowed into English as 'cairn' was chosen for its symbolic value and because it can be found in each of the living Celtic languages. The subtitle is: 'A Link Between the Celtic Nations'.
 These Our Actors is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 In A Sense of Where You Are John McPhee profiles Bill Bradley during Bradley's senior year at Princeton University. Bradley who would later play in the National Basketball Association and serve in the United States Senate was widely regarded as one of the best basketball players in the country and his status as a Rhodes Scholar playing in the Ivy League only added to his allure.
 Someday Angeline is a children's novel by Louis Sachar. A story about a girl named Angeline Persopolis who faces trouble at school because of her intelligence it was originally released in 1983 but received a reprint in 2005 following Sachar's success with Holes.
 MAZE: Solve the World's Most Challenging Puzzle (1985 Henry Holt and Company) is a puzzle book written and illustrated by Christopher Manson. The book was originally published as part of a contest to win $10000.Unlike other puzzle books each page is involved in solving the book's riddle.
 Improbable Fiction is a 2005 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about a writers' circle on the night the chairman Arnold seems to wander into the imaginations of the other writers.
 Bad Monkey is a 2013 novel by Carl Hiaasen.
 Moonchild is a novel written by the British occultist Aleister Crowley in 1917. Its plot involves a magical war between a group of white magicians led by Simon Iff and a group of black magicians over an unborn child. It was first published by Mandrake Press in 1929 and its recent edition is published by Weiser.In this work numerous acquaintances of Crowley appear as thinly disguised fictional characters.
 Jenny is a novel by the Norwegian writer Sigrid Undset published in 1911 and regarded as Undset's literary breakthrough. The novel is set in Rome and later in Norway. The protagonist Jenny Winge tries to make a career as a painter. Being the lover of her fiancé's father results in a child who dies shortly after the birth. She later commits suicide.
 The Cambridge Daily Banner is a local newspaper published in Cambridge Maryland. The newspaper is owned by Independent News Papers Inc.
 The Maze Runner is the first book in a young-adult dystopian science fiction trilogy of the same name by James Dashner. The novel was published October 2009 by Delacorte Press an imprint of Random House and is being made into a 2014 major motion picture by 20th Century Fox. The novel spawned two sequels: The Scorch Trials and The Death Cure.James Dashner announced in November 2011 that he was writing a prequel to The Maze Runner titled The Kill Order which was released August 14 2012.
 The Inheritors: An Extravagant Story (1901) is a quasi-science fiction novel on which Ford Madox Ford and Joseph Conrad collaborated. It looks at society's mental evolution and what is gained and lost in the process. Written before the first World War its themes of corruption and the effect of the 20th Century on British aristocracy appeared to predict history.
 Surface and Interface Analysis is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons since 1979. In thirteen issues per year it publishes original research papers dealing with the development and application of techniques for the characterization of surfaces interfaces and thin films. It is available both online and in print.The current editor in chief is John F. Watts (University of Surrey).
 Fakty i Kommentarii (Russian: Факты и комментарии translated as Facts and Commentaries) founded in 1997 is Ukraine's biggest selling Russian language tabloid newspaper with a circulation of more than 1.1 million. Based in Kiev the paper offers news events and interviews but no analysis. It is controlled by Viktor Pinchuk an influential oligarch and the son-in-law of country's ex-president Leonid Kuchma.The long detailed headline for each article is the paper's style feature.
 The Story of the Stone (Chinese: 石頭記; pinyin: Shítóu jì) is a novel by Barry Hughart first published in 1988. It is part of a series set in a version of ancient China that began with Bridge of Birds and continues with Eight Skilled Gentlemen. The story begins on the twelfth day of the seventh moon in the Year of the Snake 3339 (AD 650).
 The Feast of Fools (1994) is a novel by John David Morley a neo-Joycean translation of the Greek myth of Persephone to contemporary Munich.
 Kyipwayay (Burmese: ကြီးပွားရေး pronounced: [tɕí bwá jé] lit. Growth) was a pre-World War II Burmese language monthly magazine closely identified with the Khit-San Sarpay movement the first modern literary movement in the history of Burmese literature. The magazine was founded by U Thein in Yangon but later taken over by U Hla and moved to Mandalay in 1933. The monthly was published even during the Japanese occupation of the country (1942–1945).
 Codes Ciphers and Other Cryptic and Clandestine Communication is a cryptography book by Fred B. Wrixon. Its subtitle is Making and breaking secret messages. From hieroglyphs to the internet. The book is long at 704 pages. It discusses many different types of codes such as Wigwag which is a signalling technique that uses flags disks or lanterns.
 The Commonwealth Times is the once-weekly independent student newspaper for Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond Virginia. Almost all of the published Commonwealth Times papers from 1969–present day can be found on the VCU libraries website within the Digital Collections.
 Shkodra is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Mathematical Models and Methods in Applied Sciences is a journal founded in 1991 and published by World Scientific. It covers: mathematical modelling of systems in the applied sciences(physics mathematical physics natural and technological sciences); qualitative and quantitative analysis of mathematical physics and technological sciences; and numerical and computer treatment of mathematical models or real systems.
 Hero Heel is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Makoto Tateno. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on April 8 2008. Biblos released the manga on August 10 2005 before it went bankrupt in 2006. Libre Publishing took over publication in Japan and released the manga's three tankōbon between June 30 2007 and March 10 2007 publishing the last two volumes first then the first volume.
 Once Giants Roamed the Earth is a 2005 fantasy short story by Rosaleen Love.
 Tortoise Tales is a 1974 anthology of 13 animal-centered fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. These tales are written for a younger level of reader than Manning-Sanders' more familiar A Book of... series of fairy tales. According to the dust jacket: Animals are a basic part of the traditional stories of most countries. ...
 Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison is a 2010 memoir by Piper Kerman which tells the story of her money laundering and drug trafficking conviction and subsequent year spent in a women's prison.The book was the basis of the Netflix TV series Orange Is the New Black. The series as of June 2014 has two seasons.
 TESOL Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages. It covers research- and theory-based practices as well as practice-oriented theorizing and research. The editor-in-chief is Margo DelliCarpini (The City University of New York).
 Measurement Science and Technology is a journal published by IOP Publishing.
 Iton Tel Aviv (Hebrew: עיתון תל אביב‎) is an Israeli newspaper based in Tel Aviv. The Hebrew-language newspaper covers general news in Israel.
 The Daily Sport was a tabloid newspaper published in the United Kingdom by Daily Sport Ltd. which specialised in celebrity news and softcore pornographic stories and images. The daily paper was launched in 1991 by David Sullivan following its former Sunday sister title Sunday Sport (first published in 1986). It ceased publication and entered administration on April 1 2011.
 God's Helicopter is a young-adult novel by the American writer Lee Gutkind. It is set in 1950s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania when Dwight Eisenhower was president Ralph Kiner was the left fielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates and the greatest man to ever live according to the twelve-year-old Willie Heinemann protagonist of this novel. His friend Ronald Middlebaum however fights a life-threatening illness and Willie seeks to understand a God who wants Middlebaum dead.
 Modern Physics Letters A (MPLA) is the first in a series of journals published by World Scientific under the Modern Physics Letters moniker. It covers specifically papers and research on gravitation cosmology nuclear physics and particles and fields.
 MOJO is a popular music magazine published initially by Emap and since January 2008 by Bauer monthly in the United Kingdom. Following the success of the magazine Q publishers Emap were looking for a title which would cater for the burgeoning interest in classic rock music. MOJO was first published on 15 October 1993; in keeping with its classic rock aesthetic the first issue had Bob Dylan and John Lennon as its first cover stars.
 Guilty Wives is a stand-alone James Patterson novel as it is not part any of the series novels written by Patterson.
 The Gypsy is a 1992 urban fantasy novel written by Megan Lindholm and Steven Brust. It blends elements of Hungarian folk tales with a modern day detective story. The book contains many lyrics to songs that were later recorded to an album called Songs from the Gypsy by Boiled in Lead.
 On the Field of Glory (Polish: Na Polu Chwały) is a historical novel by the Polish author Henryk Sienkiewicz published in 1906. The novel tells a story of a fictional young impoverished Polish nobleman and his love for a young aristocratic woman. The story is set during the reign of King John III Sobieski up to the eve of the Battle of Vienna. It was published in the United Kingdom by John Lane the Bodley Head London under the title The Field of Glory 1906.
 Drug Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering drug development published by Thieme Medical Publishers. The journal was established in 1951 and the editor-in-chief is Martin Wehling (Heidelberg University Faculty of Medicine in Mannheim).
 Waiting for Anya is a children's novel by Michael Morpurgo first published in Great Britain in 1990 by William Heinemann. It is set in Lescun in a mountainous region of southern France on the border with Spain. It was shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal.
 Killing Aurora is a novel by Helen Barnes about a girl with anorexia. It was published in 1999 by Penguin Books.
 Avon Fantasy Reader was a digest size magazine (sometimes classed as a series of anthologies) which reprinted science fiction and fantasy literature by now well-known authors. It was edited by Donald A. Wollheim and published by Avon. The magazine had one spin off Avon Science Fiction Reader with which it merged on its cancellation to become Avon Science Fiction and Fantasy Reader.
 Animal Spirits: How Human Psychology Drives the Economy and Why It Matters for Global Capitalism (2009) is a book written to promote the understanding of the role played by emotions in influencing economic decision making. According to the authors economists have tended to de-emphasize the importance of emotional factors as the effects of emotions are difficult to model and quantify.
 Eyo (2009) is an eponymous novel written by Abidemi Sanusi and published by WordAlive Publishers. In this novel the author brings out the twin issues of child trafficking and sex slavery painfully living through the experiences of the many children that are trafficked to Europe each year.
 Molecular Diversity is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering research on molecular diversity and combinatorial chemistry in basic and applied research and drug discovery. The journal publishes both short and full-length papers perspectives news and reviews.
 The American Journal of Psychology was the first English-language journal devoted primarily to experimental psychology (though Mind founded in 1876 published some experimental psychology earlier). AJP was founded by the Johns Hopkins University psychologist Granville Stanley Hall in 1887. The journal has distributed several groundbreaking papers in psychology.
 The Complete Book of Dwarves is a supplemental rulebook for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1991 by TSR Inc. It contains a variety of information useful to playing dwarf characters in the game including information on strongholds dwarven subraces character kits role-playing mining and more. The book was later reprinted in November 1993 with a slightly different cover.
 The Milton Keynes Citizen is the highest circulation[citation needed] freely distributed newspaper in Milton Keynes and at various points in its history (which dates back to October 1981) has been the largest not only in the UK but Europe.[citation needed] The newspaper is part of Johnston Press who also publish a mix of free and paid for titles across Beds Herts and Bucks including two of the only remaining broadsheets in circulation – the Bucks Herald and the Hemel Gazette.[citation needed]The MK Citizen was founded by two men[citation needed] who sold to EMAP in the early 90s.[citation needed] Emap sold the paper on to Johnson Publishing in the 90s.[citation needed]The Milton Keynes Citizen is distributed freely across the Milton Keynes urban area and other towns and most villages of the borough on a Thursday as well as having a more limited circulation Tuesday sister paper Citizen First which is distributed on Tuesdays (this was formerly the Citizen on Sunday but changed when MK News launched on Wednesdays). 
 The Rise of Endymion is a 1997 science fiction novel by Dan Simmons. It is the fourth and final novel in his Hyperion Cantos fictional universe. The novel won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1998.The Rise of Endymion begins after the end of Endymion on the planet Pacem in Vatican City with the announcement of the death of the pope Lenar Hoyt.
 Nonlinear Oscillations is a quarterly peer-reviewed mathematical journal that was established in 1998. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Institute of Mathematics National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. It covers research in the qualitative theory of differential or functional differential equations.
 Tex is a novel by S. E. Hinton published in 1979. It was adapted to the film in 1982 which starred Matt Dillon. The book (like Rumble Fish and That Was Then This Is Now) takes place in the same universe as Hinton's first book The Outsiders but in a rural town called Garyville Oklahoma a fictional suburb of Tulsa.Tex and his older brother Mason live by themselves while their father tours the rodeo circuit. Tex is blissfully happy with his life.
 The Pool of the Black One is a 1986 collection of two fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 1986 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. as volume X of their deluxe Conan set. The title story originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales. Drums of Tombalku is the original fragment of a story that Howard never completed. It first appeared completed by L.
 Hanappe Bazooka (花平バズーカ Hanappe Bazuuka) is a Japanese manga series created by Kazuo Koike and Go Nagai. It was originally published in Shueisha's Weekly Young Jump from 1979-06-07 to the issue of 1982-01-07/14. An OVA based on the manga was released in 1992 by Nippon Crown and it would later be released in the USA by ADV Films and in Italy by Dynamic Italia.
 Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature (TSWL) founded in 1982 was the first journal devoted solely to the study of women's and feminist literature. The journal publishes articles notes research and reviews of literary historicist and theoretical work by established and emerging scholars in the field of women's literature and feminist theory.
 The Delta Discovery is a weekly newspaper serving Bethel Alaska and the villages of the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta and Bristol Bay regions of southwestern Alaska. Its motto is Real news for the real people. (Real people is a rough translation of the indigenous name of the local tribe.)
 Fiction International is a literary magazine devoted to innovative forms of fiction and non-fiction which addresses progressive political ideals. Founded in New York by Joe David Bellamyin 1973 the magazine moved to San Diego State University in 1983 where it has been edited by Harold Jaffe and Larry McCaffery until 1992 when Harold Jaffe assumed sole editorship. Over the years the magazine has published works by J.M. Coetzee Claribel Alegría Robert Coover William S.
 Dogs Don't Tell Jokes (ISBN 0679833722) is a novel by acclaimed children's book author Louis Sachar. It is also the sequel to Someday Angeline.
 The Saint Goes West is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United States in 1942 by The Crime Club and in the United Kingdom the same year by Hodder and Stoughton.This book continues the adventures of Charteris' creation Simon Templar alias The Saint and is the first of several volumes of Saint stories that would follow the theme of the Saint travelling around the world although in this case all the stories take place in the United States (and can be said to follow on from the previous book The Saint in Miami). 
 The Great Redwall Feast was written by Brian Jacques and illustrated by the well-known Redwall artist Christopher Denise. It was published in 1996.
 Brethren is a novel written by Robyn Young set in the ninth and last crusade. It was published by Hodder and Stoughton in 2006. It took her seven years to write the novel where she was intrigued by the idea of these medieval warrior monks.
 Soft City is the first book written by Jonathan Raban and published by The Harvill Press in 1974.
 The Ledger is a daily newspaper serving Lakeland Florida and the Polk County area. It is owned by Halifax Media Group.The paper was founded on August 22 1924 as the Lakeland Evening Ledger. In 1927 it bought its main competitor the morning Lakeland Star-Telegram. By 1930 it was obvious that Lakeland could not support two papers so Ledger Publishing Company merged the two papers into a single morning paper the Lakeland Ledger and Star-Telegram.
 GameWeek Magazine was a weekly video game magazine that was made by Cyberactive Media Group Inc. a publishing company which specialized in business-to-business products serving the computer and video game industry. GameWeek was the leading trade publication of its time and to this day remains the last printed trade publication which served the North American market.
 There's A Girl In My Soup is a stage comedy written by Terence Frisby.It opened in 1966 at the Globe Theatre and ran for six and half years until 1973 - over a thousand performances - to become the longest-running comedy in the history of the West End. After three and a half years at the Globe the show transferred to the Comedy Theatre. It was unprecedented for a comedy to run for such a long time.
 Puerto Rico Daily Sun is the island's only daily English-language newspaper. The paper is based in San Juan Puerto Rico. It is published seven days a week by Cooperativa Prensa Unida. It succeeded the San Juan Star which ended publication on August 29 2008 after an almost 49-year run. Reporters had gone several weeks without being paid. The newspaper continues to be published with a minimal staff.
 Mister God This Is Anna is a book by Sydney Hopkins under the pseudonym Fynn describing the adventures of Anna a mischievous yet wise four-year-old whom Fynn finds as a runaway. Nineteen-year-old Fynn takes Anna home to his mother who takes her in though Fynn becomes Anna's main caretaker and closest friend. Fynn recounts his time spent with Anna and gives a very personal account of her outpourings on life mathematics science and her mentor Mister God.
 The Trail of Cthulhu is a series of interconnected short stories written by August Derleth as part of the Cthulhu Mythos genre of horror fiction. The stories chronicle the struggles of Laban Shrewsbury and his companions against the Great Old Ones particularly Cthulhu.The stories were originally published in Weird Tales from 1944 to 1952 and were republished in collected form as The Trail of Cthulhu by Arkham House in 1962 [1] in an edition of 2470 copies.
 STORM: The Infinity Code is the first book in the STORM series by Australian author E. L. Young. It is about three kids making an organization called STORM (Science and Technology to Over-Rule Misery) and saving the world. However they find out some things about their lives they never knew before.
 The Xenia Daily Gazette is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American daily newspaper published daily except Sunday in Xenia Ohio. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.It covers the city of Xenia and several nearby communities in Greene County Ohio including Bellbrook Cedarville Clifton Jamestown and Wilberforce.
 Southeast Asia Building is a trade magazine based in Singapore started in 1974. It is published bi-monthly and covers architecture interior design landscape architecture and facility management. It caters to readers in Europe United States the Southeast Asian region and in the Middle East and provides information on current architecture projects building news product reviews market trends and industry related awards.
 Pirate Latitudes is an action adventure novel written by Michael Crichton. The book was published posthumously by HarperCollins on November 26 2009. It is an adventure story concerning piracy in Jamaica in the 17th century.The novel stars the fictional privateer Captain Charles Hunter who together with the governor of Jamaica plots to raid a Spanish galleon for its treasure.
 Ha! Ha! Houdini! is a poem by Patti Smith published as a chapbook in 1977.
 Jack's Return Home is a 1970 novel by British writer Ted Lewis. An uncompromising novel of a brutal half-world of pool halls massage parlours and teenage pornography it was memorably brought to life in the cult film Get Carter starring Michael Caine as Jack Carter. The novel starkly portrays a subsection of society living on the dangerous borderline between crime and respectability.
 The Journal of Psychology: Interdisciplinary and Applied is a bimonthly double-blind peer-review psychology journal published by Taylor & Francis. The Journal of Psychology was founded in 1935 by Carl Murchison an American psychologist organizer publisher and editor. He co-founded the Journal of Genetic Psychology the Journal of Social Psychology and the Journal of General Psychology among others.
 Mõrsjalinik (English: The Bridal Veil) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1965 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 1992.
 The Boundaries of Security Report is an annual perimeter security report accessible to a wide range of professional security consultants integrators and professionals in both the public and private sectors.
 Inquisition is a 1991 book by Carlton Sherwood about the early 1980s investigation and trial of Rev. Sun Myung Moon the leader of the Unification Church for violations of United States tax law (see United States v. Sun Myung Moon). The book subtitled The Persecution and Prosecution of the Reverend Sun Myung Moon alleges that there were elements of racism and religious persecution in the prosecution of the Moon case.
 Animalia is an illustrated children's book by Graeme Base. It was originally published in 1986 followed by a tenth anniversary edition in 1996 and a 25th anniversary edition in 2012. Over three million copies have been sold. A special numbered and signed anniversary edition was also published in 1996 with an embossed gold jacket.
 Kenilworth. A Romance is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott first published on 8 January 1821.
 Creepy Scarlett is an eight-issue comic book series written and self-published by Graeme Buchan. The unusual art style variations give the comic an almost college flair while simultaneously remaining consistent with the story arc.
 The Rain Goddess is a book by Peter Stiff (ISBN 978-1919854069) which is set in the war-torn area of Rhodesia's (now Zimbabwe) north-east border. The story which takes place in the mid-1960s to early 1970s begins as the British South Africa Police fight against communist backed guerillas. These guerillas use torture and violence to intimidate African tribesmen into joining their cause.
 Strategic Organization is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Management. The journal's editors are Joel A C Baum (Rotman School of Management) Royston Greenwood (University of Alberta) Professor P Devereaux Jennings (University of Alberta) and Ann Langley (HEC Montreal). It has been in publication since 2003 and is currently published by SAGE Publications
 Nickleby redirects here. For other uses see Nicholas Nickleby (disambiguation).Nicholas Nickleby; or The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby is a novel by Charles Dickens. Originally published as a serial from 1838 to 1839 it was Dickens' third novel.The novel centers on the life and adventures of Nicholas Nickleby a young man who must support his mother and sister after his father dies.
 Varjak Paw (2003) is a novel by the British author S. F. Said and illustrated by Dave McKean. The illustrations in this book greatly resemble gothic forms of art. The novel received the 2003 Smarties Gold Award for the 6–8 years range and has been adapted for other media.
 Five Get into a Fix is a children's novel written by Enid Blyton and published by Hodder and Stoughton in 1958. It is the seventeenth book in the Famous Five series.
 Amali Science is a monthly science magazine published in Urdu in Karachi Pakistan. The magazine was first published in 1970 by Bughra Avaighver as the first privately published journal.
 The Beginning of Infinity is a popular science book by physicist David Deutsch first published in 2011.
 The Little White Bird is a British novel by J. M. Barrie ranging in tone from fantasy and whimsy to social comedy with dark aggressive undertones. It was published in November 1902 by Hodder & Stoughton in the UK and Scribner's in the US although the latter had released it serially in the monthly Scribner's Magazine from August to November.
 Dracula Cha Cha Cha (re-titled Judgment of Tears in the US) is a 1998 novel by British writer Kim Newman. It is the third book in the Anno Dracula series.
 The Encyclopedia of Australian Rock and Pop or Rock and Pop by Australian music journalist Ian McFarlane is a guide to Australian popular music from the 1950s to the late 1990s. The encyclopedia was described in Australian Music Guide as the most exhaustive and wide-ranging encyclopedia of Australian music from the 1950s onwards.The encyclopedia is out of print but was for a time available on the whammo.com.au online record store and is still in the Internet Archive.
 Freddy the Politician (1939) is the 6th book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. In this story the Bean farm animals start a bank and elect their first president two institutions appearing through the rest of the series. Their honest and innocent approach is soon challenged by strangers from Washington.
 Clash of Eagles is a 1990 alternate history novel by Leo Rutman.
 Index Magazine was a prominent New York City based publication with in-depth interviews with prominent figures in art and culture. It was created by Peter Halley and Bob Nickas in 1996 running until late 2005.
 Myself ; Yourself (マイセルフ；ユアセルフ Maiserufu ; Yuaserufu) is a Japanese visual novel developed by Yeti which was released on December 20 2007 for the PlayStation 2. Myself ; Yourself is the second original game published by Regista the first being I/O. Takumi Nakazawa the main scenario writer for the infinity series (Ever17 Remember11) is the principal writer for Myself ; Yourself.
 Dime Store Magic is a fantasy novel by written by Kelley Armstrong
 Deathstalker Honour is a science fiction novel by British author Simon R Green.The fifth in a series of nine novels Deathstalker Honour is part homage to - and part parody of - the classic space operas of the 1950s and deals with the timeless themes of honour love courage and betrayal.
 Edasi Kommunismile (Forward for Communism) was a Soviet newspaper published in the Tapa Rayon Estonian SSR between 1951–1962. The publication ceased when the Tapa Rayon was disestablished.The newspaper was published 3 times a week.
 Bombs Away: The Story of a Bomber Team is a non fiction book by the American author John Steinbeck. It was written in 1942 and published by Viking Press. The book is an account of Steinbeck's experiences with several Bomber crews of the US Army Air Forces during the Second World War.On accepting the brief for Bombs Away from General of the Air Force Henry H.
 Nova Swing is a science fiction novel by M. John Harrison published in 2006. It takes place in the same universe as Light. The novel won the Arthur C. Clarke and Philip K. Dick Awards in 2007.
 Film International is a bimonthly academic journal covering film studies that was established in 2003. It is published by Intellect Ltd. and presents critical historical and theoretical essays on film television and moving image studies including book reviews interviews and coverage of film festivals around the world. It regularly features film reviews interviews with directors actors and cinematographers as well as covering national cinemas on a country by country basis.
 Tessa was a novel published by Margit Sandemo in 1997 though it was completed by 1970. She had originally planned to publish it as a serial in a Norwegian weekly magazine but the editors of magazine abandoned it. The novel went missing for the next 25 years until Sandemo found a copy in a cupboard in 1995.
 Storm from the Shadows is a novel by David Weber released in February 2009 (but with an official publication date of March 3 2009) and set in the Honorverse and the second in the Saganami Island series spun off from the main Honor Harrington series. In this volume the spin-off series is re-integrated with the main series as several scenes were repeated either exactly or from a different point of view.
 The Kampung Boy also known as Lat the Kampung Boy or simply Kampung Boy is a graphic novel by Lat about a young boy's experience growing up in rural Perak in the 1950s. The book is an autobiographical account of the artist's life telling of his adventures in the jungles and tin mines his circumcision family and school life. It is also the basis for the eponymous animated series broadcast in 1999.
 The Second Jungle Book is a sequel to The Jungle Book by Rudyard Kipling. First published in 1895 it features five stories about Mowgli and three unrelated stories all but one set in India most of which Kipling wrote while living in Vermont. All of the stories were previously published in magazines in 1894-5 often under different titles. The original book is now worth $3.4 million.
 Man's Fate (French: La condition humaine The Human Condition) is a 1933 novel written by André Malraux.
 Ywain and Gawain is an early-fourteenth century Middle English Arthurian verse romance based quite closely upon the late-twelfth century Old French romance The Knight of the Lion by Chrétien de Troyes.
 The Twinkie Squad is a children's novel written by Gordan Korman published in 1992. The story follows the mis-adventures of Armando Commando Rivera a feisty popular basketball-obsessed hotshot who often gets in trouble with both bullies and teachers; and Douglas Fairchild the tall pale son of a U.S. Ambassador who claims to be from a small middle-eastern nation called 'Pefkakia' because he was born on a jet plane in its main airport during an emergency layover.
 The Environment and Planning journals are four academic journals. They are described as interdisciplinary though they have a highly spatial focus meaning that they are of most interest to human geographers. The journals are also of interest to the scholars of economics sociology political science urban planning architecture ecology and cultural studies.The four journals are: Environment and Planning A: The original Environment and Planning journal launched in 1969.
 Gentlemen of the Road is a 2007 serial novel by American author Michael Chabon. It is a swashbuckling adventure set in the kaganate of Khazaria (now southwest Russia) around AD 950. It follows two Jewish bandits who become embroiled in a rebellion and a plot to restore a displaced Khazar prince to the throne.
 Derik's Bane is a paranormal romance novel by MaryJanice Davidson.
 Inside the Third Reich is a memoir written by Albert Speer the Nazi Minister of Armaments from 1942 to 1945 serving as Hitler's main architect before this period. It is considered to be one of the most detailed descriptions of the inner workings and leadership of Nazi Germany but is controversial because of Speer's lack of discussion of Nazi atrocities and questions regarding his degree of awareness or involvement with them.
 Tom Clancy's Op-Center is a novel series created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik though the series is actually written by Jeff Rovin.
 Syn otechestva (Russian: Сын отечества) which translates as Son of the Fatherland was a Russian literary magazine published in the 19th century in St. Petersburg from 1812 to 1852. It was influential in the development of social thought and literature in Russia. The magazine was edited by Nicholas Gretsch between 1812 and 1837. His main assistant was Faddei Bulgarin. Syn otechestva was Russia's most influential magazine between the Napoleonic wars and the Decembrist Revolt.
 The South County Gazette is a weekly newspaper that serves the southern Berrien County Michigan communities of Bridgman Buchanan Galien Harbert Lakeside New Buffalo New Troy Sawyer Three Oaks and Union Pier with news of local events and happenings.The bulk of the region covered by this weekly is known as Harbor Country a popular upscale weekend gateway destination for Chicagoans.Each full page measures 11 x 22 inches (27.9 x 55.9 cm) in size and the typical issue runs to eight pages in two sections (plus inserts).The Gazette is one of three weekly newspapers that serve the inhabitants of Harbor County the others being Harbor Country News and the New Buffalo Times.
 The Art of Fiction is a book of literary criticism by the British novelist David Lodge. The chapters of the book first appeared in 1991-1992 as weekly columns in The Independent on Sunday and were eventually gathered into book form and published in 1992. The essays as they appear in the book have in many cases been expanded from their original format.Lodge focuses each chapter upon one aspect of the art of fiction comprising some fifty topics.
 Haruka Seventeen (はるか17 Haruka Sebuntiin) is a seinen manga by Sakuya Yamazaki which was serialized by Kodansha in Weekly Morning from 2004 to 2006. It was adapted into a live-action TV drama which aired on TV Asahi in 2005.
 2 B R 0 2 B is a science fiction short story by Kurt Vonnegut originally published in the digest magazine Worlds of If Science Fiction January 1962 and collected in Vonnegut's Bagombo Snuff Box (1999). The title is pronounced 2 B R naught 2 B referencing the famous phrase to be or not to be from William Shakespeare's Hamlet Prince of Denmark. In this story the title refers to the telephone number one dials to schedule an assisted suicide with the Federal Bureau of Termination.
 The Hazaras of Afghanistan: An Historical Cultural Economic and Political Study is book about the origins and history of Hazara people in Afghanistan by Dr. S.A Mousavi.
 If He Hollers Let Him Go is a novel by Chester Himes published in 1945 about an African American shipyard worker in Los Angeles during World War II. A 1968 film adaptation with Raymond St. Jacques Barbara McNair Kevin McCarthy and Arthur O'Connell bore little resemblance to the book.The story spans four days in the life of Robert Bob Jones a newcomer to L.A. from Ohio who has some college education and works as a crew leader in a naval shipyard.
 The Sunday Times is the largest-selling British national quality Sunday newspaper. It is published by Times Newspapers Ltd a subsidiary of News UK which is in turn owned by News Corp. Times Newspapers also publishes The Times. The two papers were founded independently and have been under common ownership only since 1966.
 My Late Wives is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his long-time associate Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 Julian Comstock: A Story of 22nd-Century America is a dystopian speculative fiction novel written by Robert Charles Wilson and an expansion of Wilson's 2006 novella Julian: A Christmas Story.
 The Treatise of Love (Tretyse of Loue) is an English prose text first printed around 1493. Its printing was the work of Wynkyn de Worde who took over William Caxton's printing business in 1491 and printed the Treatise before he began publishing under his own name in 1494. Drawing greatly on the Ancrene Wisse the text contains religious advice addressed to an audience of aristocratic women.
 The King's Buccaneer is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the second book of the Krondor's Sons series and was published in 1992. It was preceded by Prince of the Blood which was published in 1989.
 Development Southern Africa the journal of the Development Bank of Southern Africa publishes articles that reflect innovative thinking on key development challenges and policy issues facing South Africa and other southern African countries.
 The 8th Habit: From Effectiveness to Greatness is a book written by Stephen R. Covey published in 2004 with original ISBN 0-684-84665-9. It is a sequel to The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People first published in 1989.The eighth habit is to Find your voice and inspire others to find theirs. Some versions of the book come with a DVD although all the short films on this DVD can be viewed via Covey's website.
 Trains is a monthly US magazine dedicated to trains and railroads and is one of the two flagship publications of Kalmbach Publishing. The magazine is read both by railroad enthusiasts commonly referred to as railfans and those within the railroad industry.The magazine was founded in 1940 by Al C. Kalmbach and is based in Waukesha Wisconsin. It is the largest and oldest North American consumer magazine on rail transportation.
 Isabella is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (commonly shortened to Alice in Wonderland) is an 1865 novel written by English author Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under the pseudonym Lewis Carroll. It tells of a girl named Alice who falls down a rabbit hole into a fantasy world populated by peculiar anthropomorphic creatures. The tale plays with logic giving the story lasting popularity with adults as well as with children. It is considered to be one of the best examples of the literary nonsense genre.
 The Elements of Typographic Style is a book by Canadian typographer poet and translator Robert Bringhurst. Originally published in 1992 by Hartley & Marks Publishers it was revised in 1996 2001 (v2.4) 2002 (v2.5) 2004 (v3.0) 2005 (v3.1) 2008 (v3.2) and 2012 (v4.0).
 Two-Fisted Tales was a bimonthly anthology war comic published by EC Comics in the early 1950s. The title originated in 1950 when Harvey Kurtzman suggested to William Gaines that they publish an adventure comic. Kurtzman became the editor of Two-Fisted Tales and with the advent of the Korean War he soon narrowed the focus to war stories. The title was a companion comic to Frontline Combat and stories Kurtzman wrote for both books often displayed an anti-war attitude.
 The Eagle-Tribune (and Sunday Eagle-Tribune) is a seven-day morning daily newspaper covering the Merrimack Valley and Essex County Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire.
 Bare-faced Messiah: The True Story of L. Ron Hubbard is a posthumous biography of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard by British journalist Russell Miller. First published in the United Kingdom on 26 October 1987 the book takes a critical perspective challenging the Church of Scientology's account of Hubbard's life and work.
 Kiss Blue (キスブルー Kisuburū) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Keiko Kinoshita. The manga is licensed in English by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume in July 2008 and the second volume in November 2010.
 Cooltura is a Polish-language magazine published weekly in the United Kingdom with a print run of 55.000 copies.
 Across the Wall: A Tale of the Abhorsen and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by Garth Nix which return to the setting of his popular Old Kingdom series. A hardback edition was released in the UK on November 6 2006.
 Children on Their Birthdays is a short story by Truman Capote published serially in the late 1940s and appearing in A Tree of Night and Other Stories in 1949; it is noted as one of his better quality early short stories.
 Yeniçağ or Yeni Çağ (New Era in Turkish) is a ultranationalist newspaper in Turkey. It was established in 2002.In 2008 Yeniçağ attacked the Turkish Journalists' Association for giving an award to Doğan Özgüden (co-founder of Info-Türk) and Özgüden for accepting it describing him as An Armenian defender who had more than 50 lawsuits against him.
 A Bad Spell In Yurt is a book by C. Dale Brittain that takes place in the fictional kingdom of Yurt where Daimbert a wizard who has just graduated from the wizards' school takes up his post as the new Royal Wizard.The book's story is continued in The Wood Nymph and The Cranky Saint Mage Quest The Witch And The Cathedral Daughter Of Magic and Is This Apocalypse Necessary?
 The Rebbe the Messiah and the Scandal of Orthodox Indifference is a book by Rabbi Dr. David Berger on the topic of Chabad messianism and the mainstream orthodox Jewish reaction to that trend. The book is written as a historical narrative of Berger's encounter with Chabad messianism from the time of the death of the Lubavitcher Rebbe Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson in 1994 through the book's publication in 2001. The narrative is interlaced with Dr.
 Thomas and Beulah is a book of poems by American poet Rita Dove that tells the semi-fictionalized chronological story of her maternal grandparents the focus being on her grandfather (Thomas his name in the book as well as in real life) in the first half and her grandmother (named Beulah in the book although her real name was Georgianna) in the second. It won the 1987 Pulitzer Prize for poetry.
 Imperial China: 900–1800 is a book of history written by F. W. Mote Professor of Chinese History and Civilization Emeritus at Princeton University. The book was published in 1999 by Harvard University Press ISBN 0-674-01212-7.
 Ace of Diamond (ダイヤのA Daiya no A [Daiya no Ēsu] also known as Diamond's Ace) is a shōnen baseball manga written and illustrated by Yuji Terajima and published by Kodansha. It has been serialized by Weekly Shōnen Magazine since 2006. In 2008 Ace of Diamond received the Shogakukan Manga Awards for the shōnen category. In 2010 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for best shōnen manga. An anime adaptation was premiered on October 6 2013.
 Ultimate Comics: Fallout is a comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in July 2011 as part of the second re-launch of the Ultimate Universe. The story itself deals mainly with the aftermath of the Death of Spider-Man storyline and is written by Brian Michael Bendis Jonathan Hickman and Nick Spencer.
 Underneath the Lintel is a play by Glen Berger that premièred in 2001. The sole character—the Librarian—embarks on a quest to find out who anonymously returned a library book that is 113 years overdue. A clue scribbled in the margin of the book and an unclaimed dry-cleaning ticket then take him on a mysterious adventure that spans the globe and the ages.
 CD Housing Register (or CD-Housing Register) is a news service (or newsletter) published in Silver Spring MD by CD Publications.CHR posts Federal Register housing/community development notices plus related federal notices and announcements.
 The Pacific Daily News formerly Guam Daily News is a morning edition newspaper based in Hagåtña in the United States territory of Guam. It is owned by Gannett Corporation and is published seven days a week. Joseph Flores later the Governor of Guam founded the newspaper.The Pacific Daily News (PDN as nicknamed by locals) offers readers the latest local headlines and stories covering Guam Micronesia and the Pacific Rim region along with breaking news from the United States and the world.
 Reports on Progress in Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IOP Publishing. The editor-in-chief is Laura H. Greene (University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign).
 Overwinter (2010) is a werewolf novel by David Wellington. It is the sequel to his previous werewolf novel Frostbite though this novel is only available in print; it was not first published online like some of his other novels.
 Dragons of the Hourglass Mage is a fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman based on the Dragonlance fictional campaign setting. It is the third installment in the Lost Chronicles trilogy which occurs between the storyline of the individual books of (Dragons of Autumn Twilight Dragons of Winter Night and Dragons of Spring Dawning) which compose the Chronicles trilogy.
 Paloma is the fifth book in the Retrieval Artist series by Kristine Kathryn Rusch. The novels are situated at an unstated time in the future where humans have colonized many distant worlds. In addition treaties with alien races allow for the extradition of humans to other worlds to stand trial. Since most of these extraspecies crimes carry a sentence of death an industry has sprung up to hide these people. Those who vanish are called the Disappeared.
 Floodland is a children's fantasy novel by Marcus Sedgwick published on March 2 2000 by Orion Children's Books and aimed at children. Floodland won the Branford Boase Award in 2001 for an outstanding first published novel.
 Dungeon Geomorphs is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 To Quebec and the Stars is a collection of 17 essays written by H. P. Lovecraft assembled and edited by L. Sprague de Camp who came across them in the course of his research for his biography of Lovecraft. The collection was first published in hardcover by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in 1976.The essays cover a variety of subjects notably astronomy poetry literature and travel; the main piece is a travelogue to Quebec.
 My Grandfather's Son A Memoir is the 2007 memoir of Clarence Thomas an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court.The book spans all of Thomas's life to the present beginning with his early childhood in the Deep South and his mother's decision to send him and his brother to be raised by her father and stepmother as she felt unable to care for them. He tells of his upbringing by his grandparents his time in college and law school and his career in government.
 Thyroid is a medical journal in the field of endocrinology covering research on diseases of the thyroid. It is the official journal of the American Thyroid Association and published by Mary Ann Liebert Inc..
 URB is a monthly American magazine devoted to electronic music hip hop and urban lifestyle and culture. Based in Los Angeles California the magazine was founded in 1990 by Raymond Roker.Publication of the print edition was suspended following the Summer 2009 issue (#158). Plans were announced for the October 2009 launch of issue #159 as an online publication with further issues to follow with the hope that the print edition would be resumed sometime in 2010.
 The Man Who Would Not Shake Hands is a short story by Stephen King first published in the 1982 horror anthology Shadows 4 edited by Charles L. Grant and collected in Skeleton Crew in 1985.Like the novella The Breathing Method from King's collection Different Seasons the story takes the form of a nested narrative told in a strange 'club' in Manhattan.
 The Sign of the Cross: Travels in Catholic Europe is a non-fiction book published in 1994 by Irish writer Colm Tóibín.In the book Tóibín describes successive Holy Weeks spent in Poland Seville Bavaria Rome and the Balkans and reflects on the condition of Catholicism in every place making it an intellectual survey of the state of the faith in the new Europe of the 1990s.
 Letters from the Afterworld is the third novel by T.L. Orcutt in the Path of Return series and first published within the single volume work entitled The Path of Return Trilogy published December 2011.
 Centaur Aisle is the fourth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.King Trent has left Xanth on a mission of trade to Mundania and has left Dor as temporary king. When Trent fails to return after some time Dor must find a way to rescue Trent. He is informed that the means to rescue Trent lies to the south on Centaur Isle the home of a tribe of centaurs.
 Faith of the Fallen is the sixth book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth.
 On Royalty: A Very Polite Inquiry into Some Strangely Related Families is a book by Jeremy Paxman examining the ways in which the British Monarchy continues to hold to the public imagination.
 Stjørdalens Blad is a local newspaper published in Stjørdal Norway. It covers Stjørdal and Meråker. It was established in 1892.It has a circulation of 7634 of whom 7023 are subscribers.Stjørdalens Blad is owned by A-pressen Lokale Medier AS which in turn is owned 100% by A-pressen.
 Phoenix Force is a series of mens action-adventure novels published from 1982-1992 and spanning 58 novels.
 Ei Samay Sangbadpatra is a Bengali-language Broadsheet daily newspaper from The Times Group. It was launched as a motive to enter into a head to head competition with Anandabazar Patrika (and its recently launched sister publication (tabloid) Ebela) which is the largest circulated Bengali daily in India and is also one of the dominant leaders in the Bengali newspaper market. It is owned and published by Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
 The Journal for Healthcare Quality is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Association for Healthcare Quality.
 Cultural Sociology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published jointly by the British Sociological Association and SAGE Publications. The journal includes sociological analysis of culture from a range of theoretical and methodological positions and from a variety of national contexts. Cultural Sociology publishes sociologically-informed work concerned with cultural processes and artifacts broadly defined.
 The Circle is a 2013 novel by Dave Eggers.
 Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt (パンティ＆ストッキングwithガーターベルト Panti ando Sutokkingu wizu Gātāberuto) is a Japanese anime television series produced by Gainax. It aired nationwide in Japan between October 1 2010 and December 24 2010 on BS Nittele (a free-to-air satellite service of Nippon Television) and was also simulcast on Nico Nico Douga and Crunchyroll. It was also syndicated terrestrially in eight markets including a few JAITS members like Tokyo MX and TVQ a TXN affiliate.
 Breathing Lessons is a 1988 novel by American author Anne Tyler. It is her eleventh book.
 The Journal of Family Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1987 and covers research in family psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Nadine J. Kaslow (Emory University).
 Anpanman (アンパンマン) is a Japanese picture book series written by Takashi Yanase running from 1973 until 2013 following his death. The anime adaptation Soreike! Anpanman (それいけ!アンパンマン Let's Go! Anpanman) is one of the most popular anime series amongst young children in Japan. The show has been on the air in Japan continuously since October 1988. On October 4 1996 (Episode 398) the show changed its time slot from Monday to Friday.
 La Foire de Guibray (English: The Guibray Fair) is a one act farce by Alain-René Lesage. It was first performed at the Foire de Saint Laurent in 1714. La Foire de Guibray is actually a prologue to two other one act farces Arlequin Mahomet and Le Tombeau de Nostradamus. Between the three works Lesage created a comedy in three acts.
 Spoilt Rotten: The Toxic Cult of Sentimentality (subtitle in US editions: How Britain is Ruined by Its Children) is a book by the British writer and retired doctor and psychiatrist Theodore Dalrymple originally published in 2010. Polemical in nature the book contends that sentimentality has become culturally entrenched in British society with harmful consequences.
 A Sense of the World (subtitled How a Blind Man became History's Greatest Traveler) is a bestselling biography of James Holman (1786–1857) the blind Englishman who overcame the adversity of sightlessness to become a world traveler and cultural commentator. Its author is Jason Roberts.The book was a finalist for the 2006 National Book Critics Circle Award and for the international Guardian First Book Award.
 Alligator Pie first published in 1974 is a popular book of children's poetry written by Dennis Lee and illustrated by Frank Newfeld. It won the Book of the Year award from the Canadian Library Association in 1975.The poem Alligator Pie itself is very popular in Canada and is known by most Canadians.
 Sex Drugs and Magick: A Journey Beyond Limits is a book by Robert Anton Wilson first published in 1973 as Sex and Drugs: A Journey Beyond Limits by Playboy Press. It was Wilson’s intention to call the book Sex Drugs and the Occult however the 'occult' was removed at the insistence of Playboy head Hugh Hefner. The updated title stems from the 1987 revision which included a new preface by the author.
 The Giant Horse of Oz (1928) is the twenty-second in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the eighth written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was Illustrated by John R. Neill.
 IDS Employment Law Brief (also known as IDS Brief) is a twice-monthly journal that has been reporting on and explaining new employment legislation and cases since 1971.
 Sekirei (セキレイ lit. Wagtail) is a Japanese manga series by Sakurako Gokurakuin. The manga began serialization in the seinen magazine Young Gangan published by Square Enix in December 2004. An anime adaptation produced by Seven Arcs and directed by Keizō Kusakawa aired in Japan between July and September 2008 and a second season aired between July and September 2010. Both seasons are licensed in North America by Funimation.
 My Uncle Napoleon (Persian: دایی جان ناپلئون‎ Dâ'i jân Nâpol'on literal translation: Dear Uncle Napoleon) is a coming of age novel by Iranian author Iraj Pezeshkzad published in Tehran in Persian in 1973. The novel was adapted to a highly successful TV series in 1976 directed by Nasser Taghvai.
 The Journal of Politics is a peer-reviewed academic journal of political science established in 1939 and published quarterly (February May August and November) by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Southern Political Science Association.
 Our Man in Iraq (Croatian: Naš čovjek na terenu) is a novel by Croatian author Robert Perišić. It was originally published in Croatia where it became a bestseller and received the Jutarnji list prize for best prose in 2007. The novel was also awarded the Literaturpreis der Steiermärkischen Sparkasse in 2011.Our Man in Iraq was translated into English by Will Firth and published in the United States on April 2 2013 by Black Balloon Publishing in paperback and e-book formats.
 Two magazine titles have been published by Titan Magazines in the United Kingdom for fans of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off Angel. Buffy the Vampire Slayer Magazine commenced publication in 1999. Angel Magazine had a limited run of 24 issues and was published between September 2003 and July 2005. Buffy the Vampire Slayer Magazine incorporated Angel Magazine from #76 (August 2005) and was renamed Buffy the Vampire Slayer Magazine incorporating Angel Magazine.
 Entwined is a 2011 novel written by Heather Dixon. It is based on the fairy tale The Twelve Dancing Princesses.
 Paulo Freire: The Man from Recife is a scholarly book written by American author James D. Kirylo. It is a comprehensive text that covers the life work and thought of the great Brazilian educator Paulo Freire (1921–1997) who was born and raised in Recife Brazil.
 Privies of Wales is a nonfiction book by J. Aelwyn Roberts a former vicar of Llandegai. The book traces a history of human sanitation and examines individual examples of Welsh garden privies. The research for the book was paid for by a grant from Cadw.
 The Saigon Times is a Vietnamese media organization with two Vietnamese- and two English language publications. Its flagship publication is Thoi Bao Kinh Te Saigon the most widely read weekly economics and business news magazine in the Vietnamese language. It also publishes Saigon Times Daily one of the two major English language daily newspapers (the other being the daily Vietnam News published by the Vietnam News Agency).
 The Black Stiletto is a thriller novel written by Raymond Benson; it was published in the US in September 2011. The first book in a series it is the story of Judy Cooper a young woman in late 1950s New York City who becomes a masked vigilante.
 Cancer Epidemiology Biomarkers & Prevention is a peer-reviewed medical journal devoted to research in the field of cancer epidemiology.
 The Black Sequin Dress is a play by Australian playwright Jenny Kemp. It was published by Currency Press in 1996.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 The International Journal of Operations and Production Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Emerald Group Publishing.
 The Tenth Muse lately Sprung up in America or Several Poems Compiled with Great Variety of Wit and Learning Full of Delight Wherein especially is Contained a Complete Discourse and Description of the Four Elements Constitutions Ages of Man Seasons of the Year together with an exact Epitome of the Four Monarchies viz. The Assyrian Persian Grecian Roman Also a Dialogue between Old England and New concerning the late troubles.
 Colour Scheme is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twelfth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1943. The novel takes place in New Zealand during World War II; the plot involves suspected Nazi activity at a hot springs resort on the New Zealand coast and a gruesome murder whose solution exposes the spies.
 EuroWeek is a news publication covering the global debt and equity capital markets. An online version is published daily and a weekly newspaper is published on Friday. Regular features include 'The Naked Broker' 'Southpaw' and 'EuroWeek View'.EuroWeek Asia is the publication's dedicated news section on the Asian equity bond loans and structured finance markets. This section is edited in Hong Kong and news is updated online daily.
 The Casa Grande Dispatch is an American newspaper published Tuesdays through Sundays in Casa Grande Arizona. Circulated in Casa Grande and surrounding areas it is Pinal County's only daily newspaper. It has been published under the current ownership Casa Grande Valley Newspapers Inc. since 1963 and in January 2012 it began its 100th consecutive year of publication.
 Up the Walls of the World is a 1978 science fiction novel by the American author Alice Sheldon who wrote under the pen name of James Tiptree Jr. It was the first novel she published having until then worked and built a reputation only in the field of short stories.The novel explores the possibility that telepathy and other psychic phenomena are real.
 The Ambassadors is a 1903 novel by Henry James originally published as a serial in the North American Review (NAR). This dark comedy one of the masterpieces of James's final period follows the trip of protagonist Lewis Lambert Strether to Europe in pursuit of Chad his widowed fiancée's supposedly wayward son; he is to bring the young man back to the family business but he encounters unexpected complications. The third-person narrative is told exclusively from Strether's point of view.
 The Atlantia Talisman is a children's fantasy adventure novel by Canadian author J. R. It is the first of the Extreme Rush series.
 Theatre of Cruelty is a short Discworld story by Terry Pratchett written in 1993. The name derives from a concept of Antonin Artaud (Theatre of Cruelty) in which it has been known for cast members to be injured or mutilated for the sake of being genuine.It was originally written for W. H.
 Seeing Islam As Others Saw It: A Survey and Evaluation of Christian Jewish and Zoroastrian Writings on Early Islam from the Studies in Late Antiquity and Early Islam series is a book by scholar of the Middle East Robert G.
 The Man from Earth is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Tor Books in 1983. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact If Astounding Galaxy Science Fiction and Space Stories.
 Meebo and Zuky is a comic strip in the British children's comic The Beano. It was introduced as one of three new strips in the Beano's Comic Idol competition in June 2010 where the winner gets a permanent place in the comic. It was up against Home Invasion about green aliens who want to invade Earth and Uh Oh Si Co! about a boy who'd get angry at the slightest annoyance.
 Harris and Me is a children's novel written by award-winning author Gary Paulsen. It was first published in 1993. The book is composed of a collection of vignettes with a subheading to preview each chapter. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 Alicia Austin's Age of Dreams is a collection of drawings by Alicia Austin. It was published in 1978 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2000 copies of which 200 were bound in buckram and signed by Austin. The book contains an introduction by George Barr and an afterword by Austin.
 Venus in the Cloister or The Nun in her Smock known in the original French as Vénus dans le cloître ou la Religieuse en chemise (1683) is a work of erotic fiction by the Abbé du Prat which is a pseudonym for an unknown author. Candidates for whom this might be include Jean Barrin (1640 in Rennes – 7/9/1718 in Nantes) and François de Chavigny de La Bretonnière.
 Victory of Eagles is the fifth novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik. The series follows the actions of William Laurence and his dragon Temeraire.Victory of Eagles was released in hardcover in North America and the United Kingdom on July 8 2008.
 Young Man with a Horn is a 1938 novel by Dorothy Baker that is loosely based on the real life of jazz trumpet player Bix Beiderbecke. The novel was adapted for the movie Young Man With a Horn (1950) with Kirk Douglas Lauren Bacall and Doris Day.
 The Denton Record-Chronicle is the main newspaper for the city of Denton Texas and Denton County.In 1899 William Edwards consolidated the Denton Chronicle (1882) and the Denton County Record (1898) as a weekly newspaper. It wasn't until August 3 1903 that the paper was published daily.
 Asia Overland by Mark Elliott and Wil Klass was an idiosyncratic book of the 1990s which developed a minor cult following amongst backpackers in Asia and the former Soviet Union. Although it has been out of print since 2002 the book remains a talking point amongst older travellers.
 The Interlopers first published in 1969 was the twelfth novel in the Matt Helm spy series by Donald Hamilton which began in 1960. It represents a middle period in the Helm novels being about 80000 words in length somewhat longer than the first four or five in the series but considerably shorter than most of the Helm books of the eighties and nineties which were generally well over 100000 words in length.
 Blackout is the third book in the Newsflesh Trilogy a science fiction/horror series set after a zombie apocalypse written by Seanan McGuire under the penname Mira Grant and published by Orbit Books.
 On Lies Secrets and Silence (ISBN 0393312852) is a 310-page non-fiction book written by Adrienne Rich and published by W. W. Norton & Company in 1979. The book follows the author Adrienne Rich telling and informing the readers about themes and aspects of her life and work. Other topics which the book cover include the politics of language racism and history.
 La Guerre is a novel by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as War.
 The Flivver King: A Story of Ford-America is a novel by Upton Sinclair published in 1937 that tells the intertwined stories of Henry Ford and a fictional Ford worker Abner Shutt.
 Khorshid (Sun in English) is a Persian daily published in Iran. The daily supported former President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad.
 The Union Club Mysteries is a collection of mystery short stories by American author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional mystery solver Griswold. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1983 and in paperback by the Fawcett Crest imprint of Ballantine Books in 1985.The book collects thirty stories by Asimov most reprinted from magazines and a few previously unpublished together with a foreword and afterword by the author.
 Tales of the City (1978) is the first book in the Tales of the City series by American novelist Armistead Maupin originally serialized in The San Francisco Chronicle.
 Crystal Rain (2006) is the debut novel of Caribbean writer Tobias S. Buckell. Buckell calls it his Caribbean steampunk novel. Although Crystal Rain is a stand-alone novel Buckell's books Ragamuffin (2007) and Sly Mongoose (2008) are set in the same universe with some recurring characters.The novel is set on Nanagada a planet far from Earth.
 The Daily Sketch was a British national tabloid newspaper founded in Manchester in 1909 by Sir Edward Hulton.It was bought in 1920 by Lord Rothermere's Daily Mirror Newspapers but in 1925 Rothermere offloaded it to William and Gomer Berry (later Viscount Camrose and Viscount Kemsley). It was owned by a subsidiary of the Berrys' Allied Newspapers from 1928 (renamed Kemsley Newspapers in 1937 when Camrose withdrew to concentrate his efforts on the Daily Telegraph).
 Serket The Arachnological Bulletin of the Middle East and North Africa is a peer reviewed scientific journal on arachnology. It was founded in August 1987 in Egypt taking its name from the ancient Egyptian for a scorpion. Twelve volumes have been published up to 2011 and the first part of volume 13 appeared in September 2012.
 The Rising is the first of the three science fiction novels of the Flight Engineer by S. M. Stirling and James Doohan.
 La Bougie du Sapeur first published in 1980 is a humorous French newspaper published every February 29—i.e. once every four years. Its most recent edition was issued on February 29 2012. There have been nine editions of this newspaper to date.The newspaper's name (literally The Candle of the Sapper) is derived from a comics character the sapper Camember created by Georges Colomb in the 1890s.
 Reflections in a Golden Eye is a 1941 novel by American author Carson McCullers. It first appeared in Harper's Bazaar in 1940 serialized in the October–November issues. The book was published by Houghton Mifflin on February 14 1941 to mostly poor reviews. The book was dedicated to the Swiss journalist and travel writer Annemarie Schwarzenbach.
 The Caledonian-Record is a daily newspaper published in St. Johnsbury Vermont. It was established in 1837. It employs a staff of 36.
 Realms of Wizardry: An Anthology of Adult Fantasy is a 1976 anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday.The book collects sixteen tales and excerpts from novels by various fantasy authors with an overall introduction and notes by Carter.
 The Amateur Gentleman is an early novel by the popular author of Regency period swashbucklers Jeffrey Farnol published in 1913. The novel was made into a silent film in 1920 another silent film in 1926 and film in 1936 with Douglas Fairbanks Junior starring as the protagonist Barnabas Barty.
 A Quantum Murder is a novel by Peter F. Hamilton. It is the second book in the Greg Mandel trilogy between Mindstar Rising and The Nano Flower.
 Women's Studies Quarterly (WSQ) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of women's studies that was established in 1972. It is published by biannually The Feminist Press at the CUNY Graduate Center. Following Feminist Studies and founded only two months later WSQ is the oldest continuing women's studies journal. Along with scholarly articles the journal publishes fiction and creative nonfiction poetry and the visual arts.
 Libero (known also as Libero Quotidiano) is an Italian newspaper published in Milan Italy founded by the journalist Vittorio Feltri in July 2000 and edited by Maurizio Belpietro since August 2009. The newspaper has a political allegiance to the Italian centre-right and liberalism.In February 2007 some members of the Red Brigade were arrested on a charge of wanting to fire-bomb the Libero editorial offices in Milan.
 3000 Years of Fantasy and Science Fiction is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp. It was first published in both hardcover and paperback by Lothrop Lee & Shepard in 1972. It was the first such anthology assembled by the de Camps preceding their later Tales Beyond Time (1973).The book collects eleven tales by various authors with a foreword by Isaac Asimov and an overall introduction by the de Camps.
 The African Journal on Conflict Resolution is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering conflict management in Africa.
 Death in Paradise is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the third in his Jesse Stone series. It was made into a film in 2006.
 The Malley System is a short story by Miriam Allen deFord from Harlan Ellison's science fiction anthology Dangerous Visions about a system dealing with homicidal criminals.
 Expert Opinion on Medical Diagnostics was a peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles on all aspects of medical diagnostics for early disease diagnosis therapy selection patient recruitment into clinical trials predicting predisposition to disease and information for the design of new treatments. Each review included an expert opinion section in which authors were asked to provide their personal view on the current status and future direction of the research discussed.
 Magic Kingdom for Sale — SOLD! is the first of Terry Brooks's Magic Kingdom of Landover novels. Written in 1986 it tells the story of how Ben Holiday a talented but depressed Chicago trial lawyer comes to be king of Landover an otherworldly magical kingdom. The book was re-released as part of a Landover omnibus in 2009.
 Bryn Mawr Classical Review (BMCR) is an open access journal founded in 1990. It publishes reviews of current scholarly work in the field of classical studies including classical archaeology. This journal is the second oldest online humanities scholarly journal. It provides both online and print subscriptions at no charge. The journal is funded entirely by the sale of Bryn Mawr Commentaries.
 Frostbite is a werewolf novel by David Wellington published in serial online in July 2006 and in print in 2009.
 Portugaliae Mathematica is a peer-reviewed journal of the Portuguese Mathematical Society publishing research papers in all branches of mathematics. The journal was established in 1937 by the Portuguese Mathematician António Aniceto Monteiro its first editor-in-chief.
 Pohjalainen is a morning broadsheet newspaper published in Finland. It is based in Vaasa. Established in 1903 as of 2009 it has a circulation of 26670 papers.
 The Southland Times is the regional daily paper for Southland including Invercargill and neighbouring parts of Otago in New Zealand.
 The SIAM Journal on Computing (SICOMP) is a scientific journal focusing on the mathematical and formal aspects of computer science. It is published by the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM).
 Boards is a former international trade publication catering to the advertising community. Launched in August 1999 the magazine was published monthly until May 2010 when a corporate restructuring of its Canadian publisher Brunico Communications Ltd. led to the brand's shelving. Responsibility for editing the offline magazine and Boards Online its online equivalent was initially split between Mark Smyka (a former senior editor of Marketing) and Liz Saunderson.
 Dinamina (Sinhala: දිනමිණ) is a Sinhala language daily newspaper in Sri Lanka. It is published by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited (Lake House) a government-owned corporation. The newspaper commenced publishing in 1909. It was founded by the Sinhalese scholar H. S. Perera who acted as both owner and editor-in-chief of the paper at the outset. Upon Perera's death in December 1914 D. R.
 Gunahon Ka Devta by Dharmveer Bharti (Hindi: गुनाहों का देवता English: The Deity of the sins) is a popular 1949 Hindi novel by Dharamvir Bharati. Over time it gained historical importance and a cult following of readers specially among urban Indian males whose first language is Hindi. The story is about a young student (Chander) who falls in love with the daughter (Sudha) of his college professor.
 The Journal of Policy Analysis and Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering issues and practices in policy analysis and public management. It was established in 1981 and contains books reviews and a department devoted to discussing ideas and issues of importance to practitioners researchers and academics. It is the official journal of the Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management and published by Wiley-Blackwell.
 Welcome to Obamaland: I Have Seen Your Future and It Doesn't Work is a book by British journalist and author James Delingpole published by Regnery Press in 2009.
 Koe de Oshigoto! (こえでおしごと! working with voice) also known by the short title KoeGoto (こえごと) is a 2008–2013 manga series by Azure Konno about a girl working as a voice actress for an eroge development company. It was serialized in Wani Books' monthly Comic Gum magazine. A two-episode anime adptation was produced by Studio Gokumi and released in 2010 and 2011.
 Meskerem was a communist theoretical publication published in Ethiopia issued by the Ideological Department of the Central Committee of the Commission for Organizing the Party of the Working People of Ethiopia. The goal of Meskerem was to relate Marxist-Leninist theory to objective conditions in Ethiopia. Meskerem functioned mainly as an instrument for political education. Amha Dagnew was the editor-in-chief of Meskerem.Meskerem was published quarterly.
 El Observador is a newspaper published in San José California.It was established September 17 1980. Some news are published in English and others in Spanish; its motto is Serving Latinos in the San Francisco Bay Area.
 Anës lumejve (English: On the river side) is a poem by Fan S. Noli in which the history of Albania is described. It was written by Fan S. Noli in the Albanian language
 Woman's Evolution: From Matriarchal Clan to Patriarchal Family is a 1975 book by the American Communist Evelyn Reed. The book gives a Marxist view on the history of women and is considered to be a pioneer work of Marxist feminism. It has been translated into many languages.In Woman's Evolution Reed asks what anthropology can tell us about social evolution.
 The Ultimate Melody is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1957. The story describes the work of a physiologist who attempts to discover the connections between music and the rhythms of the electrical pulses in the brain. He believed that all hit-tunes were merely poor reflections of an ultimate melody and he built a machine to search for this tune.
 The Brookings Papers on Economic Activity (BPEA) is a journal of economics published twice a year by the Brookings Institution Press. BPEA commenced publication in 1970 under the editorship of Arthur Okun and George Perry and since then has been ranked as a leading journal in the field. The current editors are David Romer and Justin Wolfers.Each semiannual issue of the journal comprises the proceedings of a conference the Brookings Panel on Economic Activity held in Washington D.C.
 Under A Monsoon Cloud is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. It is the fifteenth book in the Inspector Ghote series.
 Primary Health Care is a professional magazine published 10 times a year by the Royal College of Nursing. It publishes news features and clinical articles relevant to the practice of community health nursing in the United Kingdom. It is available in print or digital format.The magazine was established in 1982. It is indexed by the British Nursing Index and CINAHL and available through most online aggregators as well as from the publisher.
 Heroic Fantasy is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Gerald W. Page and Hank Reinhardt. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in April 1979.The book collects fourteen short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors together with an overall introduction by both editors and three essays on arms by Reinhardt alone.
 Popular Photography formerly known as Popular Photography & Imaging also called Pop Photo is a monthly American consumer magazine that has the largest circulation of any imaging magazine with an editorial staff twice the size of its nearest competitor.[citation needed]The current publisher is Steven B. Grune and the current Editor-in-Chief is Miriam Leuchter.
 Death is Now My Neighbour is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the 12th novel in the Inspector Morse series.
 Colette Baudoche is a 1909 novel by the French writer Maurice Barrès. It has the subtitle The Story of a Young Girl of Metz (French: Histoire d'une jeune fille de Metz). The story is set in Lorraine right after the Franco-Prussian War 1870-1871 and focuses on the courtship between a young French woman and a German professor. The book was adapted into the 1994 short film Lothringen! by Straub-Huillet.
 Face of Courage: Morgan Tsvangirai is a biography of Morgan Tsvangirai written by Sarah Hudleston tracing his trade union roots his rise to the leadership of the Movement for Democratic Change and the government's attempts to implicate him in a treason plot.Against a backdrop of the social political and economic developments in Zimbabwe this book focuses on the life and career of Morgan Tsvangirai. It draws on interviews with Tsvangirai and those close to him.
 The Sands of Mars is Arthur C. Clarke's first published science fiction novel. While he was already popular as a short story writer and as a magazine contributor The Sands of Mars was also a prelude to Clarke's becoming one of the world's foremost writers of science fiction novels. The story was published in 1951 before humans had achieved space flight. It is set principally on the planet Mars which has been settled by humans and is used essentially as a research establishment.
 Jack is a popular Italian-language technology magazine which has been published in Italy since October 2000 by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore in a joint venture with the German publisher Gruner + Jahr. It is the most popular technology magazine in Italy.
 Yeroo was the first private Afaan Oromo newspaper published in Qubee (Oromo alphabet). It distributed weekly newspapers mainly around the cities and towns of the Oromia region of Ethiopia. Due to being independent the media faced difficulties from the Ethiopian government since its beginning during its registration and establishment. A few weeks after its publications security problems and financial restrictions imposed by the government caused the newspaper to be suspended.
 Towers of Midnight by Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson is the sequel to the novel The Gathering Storm and the 13th book in the Wheel of Time series.The novel is the second part of A Memory of Light Robert Jordan's projected final book. Because of the amount of material to cover it was agreed by Jordan's wife Tor Books and Brandon Sanderson to break the final book into three separate books.
 School Psychology Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of Division 16. The journal was established in 1986 and covers topics such as the psychology of education and services for children in school settings. The current editor-in-chief is Shane Jimerson of the University of California Santa Barbara.
 New Writings in SF 27 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the sixth volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in 1975 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi in 1977.
 Things Could be Worse is an autobiographical novel by Lily Brett about a family of Polish Jews who migrated to Melbourne in the late 1940s.
 Idols to Die is the second scholarly book by Kuruvilla Pandikattu. It is about Paul Ricoeur's attempts at understanding symbols idols and religion.This book deals with the need for interpretation or hermeneutics in our life. It goes beyond the naive understandings of symbols and idols and applies them to the religious and ordinary life. Its basic insight is that everything - including God - can be positively or negatively interpreted and experienced.
 Lost in the Garden is a midlife-crisis novel by the American writer Philip Beard.Set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania it tells the story of 45-year-old Michael Benedict who after the failure of his marriage moves back with his parents and sets himself a goal of breaking 70 in his golf game and making the Champions Tour by age 50.
 The Borehamwood and Elstree Times is a local newspaper circulated in Elstree and Borehamwood Hertfordshire England. It is owned by the Newsquest Media Group.
 Inspector Ghote's Good Crusade is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. It is the second book in the Inspector Ghote series.
 The Whitehorse Star is one of two newspapers in Whitehorse Yukon. The Whitehorse Star was founded in 1900 and progressed from a weekly to twice-weekly three-times weekly during the 1960s to five times per week briefly around 1980-1983.It has been published five times per week since about 1986.The Whitehorse Star is currently published 5 days a week as an afternoon paper. It is generally available after 3:00pm.
 The Isis magazine was established at Oxford University in 1892. Traditionally a rival to the student newspaper Cherwell it was finally acquired by the latter's publishing house OSPL in the late 1990s. It now operates as a termly magazine and website providing an outlet for features journalism.Until the mid-1960s Isis was owned and published by its printers the Holywell Press Ltd of Oxford.
 Saith the Lord is a collection of a mystery story by author Howard Wandrei with a letter and a short autobiography. It was released in 1996 by F & B Mystery in an edition of 350 copies of which 100 were specially bound in Lexitone signed by the editor numbered and released in a slipcase with Wandrei's The Last Pin. The remaining 250 copies were bound in card stock and given away to guests at the 1996 World Fantasy Convention. The story originally appeared in the magazine Black Mask in 1940.
 Buxbaumia was a bryological journal published in the Netherlands beginning in 1947. It was named for the moss genus Buxbaumia. In 1970 the journal became Lindbergia and Buxbaumiella.
 Bellefleur is a magic realist novel by Joyce Carol Oates about the generations of an upstate New York family. It is the first book in Oates' Gothic Saga and at the time of publication represented a major departure from the modern-day themes about which Oates had written up to that point.
 Huriyah (Arabic: حرية‎‎ freedom) was a LGBT Muslim magazine published between the years 2000 and 2010. It was based in San Francisco California. Huriyah used the slogan Queer Muslim Magazine. Its editor-in-chief was Afdhere Jama during its publication.The magazine was first published in Arabic and 2002 the magazine launched in English with a focus on both LGBT and Muslim issues in politics arts and spirituality.
 The Chicago Inter Ocean also known as the Chicago Inter-Ocean is the name used for most of its history for a newspaper published in Chicago Illinois from 1865 until 1914. Its editors included Charles A. Dana and Byron Andrews.
 Fightin' Navy was a bimonthly war comic published by Charlton Comics from 1956–1966 and then again from 1983–1984 (though it was then a reprint title). Telling fictional stories of the United States Navy it was a sister title of the other Charlton war comics Fightin' Army Fightin' Air Force and Fightin' Marines.Regular contributors to Fightin' Navy included penciler Bill Molno and inker Vince Alascia both of whom worked on the book during nearly all of its run.
 The Matter of Araby in Medieval England is a 1977 book by Dorothee Metlitzki in which the author attempts to show the beginnings of the relationship between medieval England and the Arab world.
 Blood on the Forge is a migration novel by the African-American writer William Attaway set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the 1919 a time when vast numbers of Black Americans moved northward. Attaway's own family was part of this population shift from South to North when he was a child.His novel follows the Moss brothers as they escape the inequality of sharecropping in the South only to encounter inequality in the mills of the North.
 The Encyclopædia of Ball Juggling (formerly Charlie Dancey's Encyclopædia of Ball Juggling) is a book about toss juggling with balls authored by the professional juggler Charlie Dancey and first published in 1994.
 Ion Exchange Letters is an open access scientific journal. This journal was established in 2008 to provide a platform for students and young scientists to publish letters and short communications. Journal covers following fields:The journal covers several fields focusing mainly on ion exchange and selective sorption. Ion exchange topics covered include synthesis and characterization as well as applications such as water decontamination.
 No Logo: Taking Aim at the Brand Bullies is a book by the Canadian author Naomi Klein. First published by Knopf Canada and Picador in December 1999 shortly after the 1999 WTO Ministerial Conference protests in Seattle had generated media attention around such issues it became one of the most influential books about the alter-globalization movement and an international bestseller.
 Biological Trace Element Research is a journal established in 1979 and published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is M.F. Flores-Arce (International Association of Bioorganic Scientists). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.307 ranking it 102nd out of 122 journals in the category Endocrinology and Metabolism.
 Battle Athletes (バトルアスリーテス大運動会 Battle Athletes Daiundōkai) is a Japanese series produced by the AIC studio and released as an original video animation (OVA) and a manga by Yūki Nakano and later aired as an anime television series on TV Tokyo in 1997.
 Manju (Mist) is a novel by M. T. Vasudevan Nair published in 1964. The novel is set in the mountains and valleys of Nainital where Vimala Devi a teacher in a boarding school waits in hope for the winter of her discontent to vanish. The eco-feminist theme of patriarchal domination and exploitation gains more prominence in Manju MT's only novel with a female protagonist.
 Cousin Henry is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1879. The story deals with the trouble arising from the indecision of a squire in choosing an heir to his estate.Of all Trollope's shorter novels this one has been called one of his most experimental.
 The Year of the Intern the first novel by Robin Cook and very different from his thrillers follows the journey of intern Dr. Peters through his year of placement.
 A Time for Judas is a novel by Canadian author Morley Callaghan published by Macmillan of Canada in 1983. It tells the story of a man in modern times who discovers tablets written by a scribe named Philo of Crete or Philo the Greek. In the story these tablets are from the time of Jesus and are Philo's telling of Jesus' last days and the aftermath including his resurrection. This modern-day man writes a novel based on these tablets. The bulk of the real novel is the fictional novel i.e.
 The Devil of the Earth (地球の悪魔 Chikyuu no Akuma) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that was published in 1954.
 Conan the Liberator is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Bantam Books in February 1979 and reprinted in 1982; later paperback editions were issued by Ace Books (July 1987 and April 1991). The first hardcover edition was published by Tor Books in June 2002; a trade paperback followed from the same publisher in 2003.
 A Boy Scout Around the World (Danish: Jorden Rundt i 44 dage literally: Around the World in 44 Days) is a travel description published in October 1928 and written by Danish boy scout and later actor Palle Huld at the age of 15 following his travel around the world in spring 1928. His trip was sponsored by a Danish newspaper and made on the occasion of the 100 birthday of Jules Verne a French author of adventure and science fiction.
 Dragons in the Waters (ISBN 0-374-31868-9) is a 1976 young adult murder mystery by Madeleine L'Engle the second title to feature her character Polly O'Keefe. Its protagonist is thirteen-year-old Simon Bolivar Quentin Phair Renier an impoverished orphan from an aristocratic Southern family. The title comes from Psalm 74:13.
 The Appeal-Democrat is a daily broadsheet newspaper printed in Marysville California in the United States. It has an estimated circulation of 13000 copies a day primarily in Yuba and Sutter counties. The paper also is sold in Colusa County to the west and Butte County to the north.
 macs is a science fiction short story written in 1999 by Terry Bisson.The story consists entirely of dialogue between several people and an investigator. The people are telling the investigator about clones that were used to satisfy the Victims’ Rights Closure Settlement - wherein people get a clone of the person who was responsible for the death of their loved ones.macs won the 2000 Locus award and Nebula award for Best Short Story.
 The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World is a short story collection by Harlan Ellison published in 1969. It contains one of the author's most famous stories A Boy and His Dog adapted into a film of the same name. The Beast That Shouted Love at the Heart of the World won the 1969 Hugo Award for Best Short Story while A Boy and His Dog was nominated for the 1970 Hugo Award for Best Novella and won the 1969 Nebula Award for Best Novella.
 The Hillsboro Tribune is a weekly newspaper printed on Fridays that covers the city of Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon. Owned by the Pamplin Media Group the newspaper published its first issue on September 7 2012. It is Pamplin's first new paper since 2001 when the company started the Portland Tribune and was designed to complement its other local papers in the Portland metropolitan area.
 The Sligo Post was a free tabloid newspaper published in Sligo County Sligo Ireland.
 This Perfect Day (1970) by Ira Levin is a heroic science fiction novel about a technocratic dystopia. It is often compared to Nineteen Eighty-Four and Brave New World.
 The City in the Autumn Stars: Being a Continuation of the Story of the Von Bek Family and Its Association With Lucifer Prince of Darkness is a science fantasy novel by British author Michael Moorcock. The second book in the Von Bek trilogy it was published by Grafton in 1986.
 La Carreta (English: The Oxcart) is a 1953 play by Puerto Rican playwright René Marqués. The story follows a family of jíbaros or rural peasants that in an effort to find better opportunities end up moving to the United States (see Puerto Rican migration to New York).The story is divided in three acts each focusing on a specific location. The first act begins with the family preparing to move from the countryside to San Juan capital of Puerto Rico in search of a better life.
 For the Choose Your Own Adventure book see Inca Gold (Choose Your Own Adventure).Inca Gold is a novel written by Clive Cussler. First published in 1994 it is the twelfth book in Cussler's Dirk Pitt series.
 Arizona Highways is a magazine that contains travelogues and artistic photographs related to the state of Arizona. It is published monthly in Phoenix by a unit of the Arizona Department of Transportation.The magazine began in July 1921 by the Arizona Highway Department (now the Arizona Department of Transportation) as a 10-page pamphlet designed to promote the development of good roads throughout the state. Publication of the pamphlet ended on December 30 1922 after nine issues.
 The Redeemer is a novel by popular Norwegian crime-writer Jo Nesbø it is an entry in his popular and critically acclaimed Harry Hole series.
 Devil Red is a crime mystery novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It is the eighth novel in Lansdale's Hap and Leonard series.
 Not to be confused with Slavonic and East European Review. American Series older title of the Slavic ReviewThe Slavonic and East European Review (not to be confused with Slavonic and East European Review.
 I was Dora Suarez (published in 1990) is a detective novel by Derek Raymond.
 Nanoscale Research Letters is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research in all areas of nanotechnology and published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 De Bello Alexandrino (also Bellum Alexandrinum; On the Alexandrine War) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar's commentaries De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili. It details Caesar's campaigns in Alexandria and Asia.
 Hayden's Ferry Review is a well-regarded internationally distributed American literary magazine published semi-annually by Arizona State University. Founded in 1986 the Review is headquartered in the Virginia G. Piper Center for Creative Writing at ASU. The Review also manages a regularly updated blog with news information and reviews about current events in literature and publishing.
 Tres is a collection of poems by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño originally published in Spanish in 2000 and scheduled to be published in a bilingual edition in September 2011 translated into English by Laura Healy. The collection is composed of three sections: “Prose from Autumn in Gerona” - a series of prose poems. “The Neochileans” - a travel narrative in verse concerned with a young band on tour in the far reaches of Chile.
 The Last Meeting of the Knights of the White Magnolia is the first play in the series A Texas Trilogy by Preston Jones. Set in 1962 it follows a meeting of 'the Knights of the White Magnolia' a Ku Klux Klan-like group with seven members.
 Space Demons is a book by Australian author Gillian Rubinstein. First released in 1985 the young adult science fiction novel is the first of the 'Space Demons' trilogy. The book was awarded the CBCA Book of the Year for Older Readers in 1987. The book is often studied in Australian high schools as a text and was used by the Victorian Curriculum and Assessment Authority as a reference text for VCE Drama.
 On Her Majesty's Secret Service is the tenth novel in Ian Fleming's James Bond series first published in the UK by Jonathan Cape on 1 April 1963. The initial and secondary print runs sold out with over 60000 books sold in the first month. Fleming wrote the book in Jamaica whilst the first film in the Eon Productions series of films Dr.
 The Camomile Lawn is a 1984 novel by Mary Wesley about a family holiday in Cornwall in the last summer of peace before World War II. When the family are reunited for a funeral nearly fifty years later it brings home to them how much the war acted at a catalyst for their emotional liberation. The title refers to a fragrant camomile lawn stretching down to the cliffs in the garden of their aunt's house.
 Hokas Pokas! is a collection of science fiction stories and the novel Star Prince Charlie by Poul Anderson and Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 2000. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction and Analog Science Fiction and Fact.
 Robots (ISBN 978-0441013210) is a science fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois. It was published in 2005 and includes stories on the theme of robots that were originally published from 1985 to 2003 though mostly from the last few years of that range. It is the 32nd book in their anthology series for Ace Books.
 Crossing the Quality Chasm: A New Health System for the 21st CenturyThe committee on the Quality of Health Care in America released this report on March 1 2001. It followed the 1999 report To Err is Human: Building a Safer Health System which brought to light the human toll and financial cost of medical error.
 Blues Brothers: Private is a book published in 1980 designed to help flesh out the universe in which The Blues Brothers (the first film) took place. Private was written and designed by John Belushi's wife Judith Jacklin and Tino Insana a friend of John's from their days at The Second City.The book consists of paperwork and clippings collected by Sister Mary Stigmata (the character played by Kathleen Freeman in the film) and stored in her personal files.
 The Kent Island Bay Times or simply the Bay Times is a weekly newspaper based in Stevensville Maryland and is owned by Chesapeake Publishing the same company that owns The Record Observer in Centreville Maryland and The Star Democrat in Easton Maryland and other newspapers on both sides of the Chesapeake Bay. It is published every Wednesday and covers news mostly in southern Queen Anne's County including all of Kent Island Grasonville and Queenstown.
 William Wilson is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1839 with a setting inspired by Poe's formative years on the outskirts of London. The tale follows the theme of the doppelgänger and is written in a style based on rationality. It also appeared in the 1840 collection Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque and has been adapted several times.
 Dateline: Toronto is a collection of most of the stories that Ernest Hemingway wrote as a stringer and later staff writer and foreign correspondent for the Toronto Star between 1920 and 1924. The stories were written while Hemingway was in his early 20s before he became well-known and show his development as a writer. The collection was edited by William White a professor of English literature and journalism at Wayne State University and a regular contributor to The Hemingway Review.
 The Artist and Journal of Home Culture also The Artist was a monthly art and design journal published in London by Archibald Constable & Co. from 1880 to 1902. From 1881 to 1894 the full title was The Artist and Journal of Home Culture. From 1896 the full title became The Artist: An Illustrated Monthly Record of Arts Crafts and Industries.
 The Prisoner: Shattered Visage is a four-issue comic book mini-series based on The Prisoner the 1967 television series starring Patrick McGoohan. The name is a reference to Percy Shelley's famous poem Ozymandias which forms part of the introduction.The series was illustrated by Mister X creator Dean Motter and co-written with Mark Askwith. It was later collected as a 208 page trade paperback with the addition of a new prologue.
 The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism is a 1964 collection of essays and papers by Ayn Rand and Nathaniel Branden. Most of the essays originally appeared in The Objectivist Newsletter except for The Objectivist Ethics which was a paper Rand delivered at the University of Wisconsin during a symposium on Ethics in Our Time. The book covers ethical issues from the perspective of Rand's Objectivist philosophy.
 The Mindanao Pulse is published every Tuesday with business and editorial office located at Tinikling St. Dimson Compound Lanzona Subd. Matina Davao City.
 The Little Book is a New York Times best-selling novel by American writer Selden Edwards. Edwards began writing the novel in 1974 worked on it for over 30 years and the manuscript was accepted by Dutton in 2007.
 Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 1 is the first installment of Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology one of the many Alfred Hitchcock story collection books; edited by Eleanor Sullivan. Originally published in hardcover in 1976 as Alfred Hitchcock's Tales to Keep You Spellbound the book is a collection of 30 stories originally published in Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine.
 The Sunday Business Post is an Irish national Sunday newspaper. It was previously owned by Thomas Crosbie Holdings. The Sunday Business Post is now owned by Key Capital Paul Cooke and staff members (6% equity for staff).The paper's first edition appeared on 26 November 1989. While the group's other major newspaper titles the Irish Examiner and Evening Echo are based in Cork The Post is published in Dublin.
 The Last Eunuch of China: The Life of Sun Yaoting (simplified Chinese: 末代太监孙耀庭传; traditional Chinese: 末代太監孫耀庭傳) is a 1992 biography by Chinese writer Jia Yinghua. This book depicts the entire real life of Sun Yaoting the last eunuch of China from his entry into the imperial palace to his old age.
 The Justice Society of America or JSA is a DC Comics superhero group conceived by editor Sheldon Mayer and writer Gardner Fox. The JSA first appeared in All Star Comics #3 (Winter 1940) making it the first team of superheroes in comic books.The JSA was limited to heroes appearing in comic strips in anthology titles but not at the time featured as the stars of their own comic books because the publisher wanted to bring attention to lesser known characters.
 Close to Home is the second novel by English author Deborah Moggach first published in 1979 by Collins. It is mentioned in the 6th edition of the Bloomsbury Good Reading Guide. Like her first novel You Must Be Sisters it is semi-autobiographical and relates to a time when she was living in Camden Town with two small children a husband who was often away on business and struggling to write a novel.
 Blue Jeans is a melodramatic play by Joseph Arthur that opened in New York City in 1890 to great popularity. The sensation of the play is a scene where the unconscious hero is placed on a board approaching a huge buzz saw in a sawmill which became one of the most dramatic imitated scenes (eventually to the point of cliche). The play remained popular for decades and was made into a popular silent film in 1917.
 Panorama plus is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Old Mortality is a novel by Sir Walter Scott set in the period 1679–89 in south west Scotland. It forms along with The Black Dwarf the 1st series of Scott's Tales of My Landlord. The two novels were published together in 1816. Old Mortality is considered one of Scott's best novels.It was originally titled The Tale of Old Mortality but is generally shortened in most references.
 The Ramona books are a series of eight humorous children's novels by Beverly Cleary that center on Ramona Quimby her family and friends. The first book Beezus and Ramona appeared in 1955. The final book Ramona's World was published in 1999. Two books in the series were named Newbery Honor books Ramona and Her Father and Ramona Quimby Age 8; Ramona and Her Mother received the National Book Award.
 Charlemagne is a comic book series that was published by Defiant Comics from February 1994 until July 1994. The series lasted for 5 issues before Defiant ceased publication. A free teaser issue #0 was published inside Hero Illustrated #9 and not available separately.
 Churchman is an evangelical Anglican academic journal published by the Church Society. It was formerly known as The Churchman and started in 1880 as a monthly periodical before moving to quarterly publication in 1920.
 Dark Magic is the fourth book in Christine Feehan’s Dark Series. It takes place within a few months of the events in Dark Gold. It was published in July 2000.
 Lovehead was the fourth novel from English author Jackie Collins published in 1974 by W.H. Allen. It went under a name change in 1989 and is now known and published as The Love Killers.
 The Twelve Chairs (Russian: Двенадцать стульев Dvenadtsat stulyev) is a classic satirical novel by the Odessan Soviet authors Ilf and Petrov released in 1928. Its main character Ostap Bender reappears in the book's sequel The Little Golden Calf.
 Natural Law and Natural Rights is a 1980 book by philosopher John Finnis a seminal contribution to the philosophy of law and a restatement of natural law doctrine. The work was commissioned by H. L. A. Hart for the Clarendon Law Series.
 Storm is an apocalyptic fiction novel by Evan Angler and is aimed at a middle grade audience. The third book in the Swipe series it was published in 2013.
 National Lampoon The Naked and The Nude: Hollywood and Beyond is a humor book that was published by Harmony Books in 1976 as a trade paperback. It was a spin-off of National Lampoon magazine.The cover of the book says that it was directed by Brian McConnachie an Emmy award-winning writer who was one of the major contributors to National Lampoon magazine.
 N. is a novella written by Stephen King that appears in his collection Just After Sunset (2008).
 Quantum Aspects of Life is a 2008 science text with a foreword by Sir Roger Penrose which explores the open question of the role of quantum mechanics at molecular scales of relevance to biology. The book adopts a debate-like style and contains chapters written by various world-experts; giving rise to a mix of both sceptical and sympathetic viewpoints.
 Forester is best known for his famous series of Horatio Hornblower novels which he began in 1937; few of his other works are well-known: The General (1936) and The African Queen (1935) are exceptions and remain popular.The General follows the career of Herbert Curzon from his experiences in the Second Boer War to the happy day when he is given command of his regiment on the outbreak of the Great War.
 The Express-Times is a daily newspaper published in Easton Pennsylvania with an emphasis on local news. It has won awards in both New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
 The Innocent Mage is the first novel in the Kingmaker Kingbreaker series by Karen Miller.
 The Associated Construction Publications are 13 trade publications and a combined web site owned by John White that serves the information needs of contractors materials producers equipment users and allies to the field of construction. Greg Sitek is the national editor.The 13 magazines are regional publications distributed in different geographic areas across the U.S. California Builder & Engineer established in 1893 is written for people in California Hawaii and Western Nevada.
 The Washington Times-Herald is a daily newspaper serving Washington Indiana and adjacent portions of Daviess County Indiana. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Although the newspaper's motto is Serving Washington and surrounding communities since 1867 the paper's history goes back to the Washington Democrat weekly founded 1863.
 Daily Maverick is a South African daily online newspaper founded in 2009 and edited by Branko Brkic and published by Styli Charalambous. It is run by an independent private company. According to the Daily Maverick website the publication is a unique blend of news information analysis and opinion delivered from our newsroom in Johannesburg South Africa.
 Uncle Scrooge (stylized as Uncle $crooge) was a comic book starring the stingy Scrooge McDuck (the richest duck in the world) his nephew Donald Duck and grandnephews Huey Dewey and Louie and revolving around their adventures in Duckburg and around the world. It was first published in Four Color Comics #386 March 1952 and the most recent issue to date (Uncle $crooge #404) was released in 2011.
 Sakura Diaries (桜通信 Sakura Tsūshin) is a 12 episode OVA series based on the manga of the same name by renowned hentai manga artist U-Jin about romance love triangles and the struggle to get into a prestigious university.
 The Sacramento Bee is a daily newspaper published in Sacramento California in the United States. Since its founding in 1857 the Bee has become Sacramento's largest newspaper the fifth largest newspaper in California and the 27th largest paper in the U.S.
 Infinite Loop is a non-fiction book on the history of Apple Inc. written by Michael S. Malone and published by Doubleday Business in 1999. The book is named after Infinite Loop (street) where the company has its headquarters which are located in the middle of Silicon Valley at 1 Infinite Loop Cupertino California.
 A Severe Mercy is an autobiographical book by Sheldon Vanauken relating the author's relationship with his wife their friendship with C. S. Lewis conversion to Christianity and subsequent tragedy. It was first published in 1977. The book is strongly influenced at least stylistically by the Evelyn Waugh novel Brideshead Revisited.
 Rhino What You Did Last Summer is a 2009 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the ninth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 Kamikaze Kaitou Jeanne (神風怪盗ジャンヌ Kamikaze Kaitō Jannu also known as Phantom-Thief Jeanne) is a fantasy shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Arina Tanemura.
 This article is for the archaeological study. For the English footpath see Viking Way.The Viking Way: Religion and War in Late Iron Age Scandinavia is an archaeological study of Norse paganism in Late Iron Age Scandinavia. It was written by the English archaeologist Neil Price then a professor at the University of Aberdeen and first published by the Department of Archaeology and Ancient History at Uppsala University in 2002.
 Writings and Drawings is a collection of lyrics and personal drawings from Bob Dylan. It was published in 1973 and is currently out-of-print. The book contained Dylan's lyrics from 1962's Bob Dylan to selections from 1971's Greatest Hits Volume 2. Also included are poems and other writings including album liner notes. The lyrics and writings are arranged by album era with unreleased songs grouped with the album of its period. The list price for the new book circa 1973 is $6.95.
 The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fifth Edition abbreviated as DSM-5 is the 2013 update to the American Psychiatric Association's (APA) classification and diagnostic tool. In the United States the DSM serves as a universal authority for psychiatric diagnosis.
 Minna Agechau (みんなあげちゃう) is an erotic manga series by Hikaru Yuzuki. It was serialized in seinen magazine Weekly Young Jump from 1982 to 1987.It was adapted into a 1985 film directed by Shusuke Kaneko. There are also a 1987 anime adaptation and a TV special.
 The Rod of Light is the thirteenth science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley and his only sequel (to 1974's The Soul of the Robot). The book continues the story of Jasperodus who is now in conflict with Gargan a ruthless robot attempting to make his own soul.
 Beautiful Disaster is an adult novel by American author Jamie McGuire.
 This article is about the manga Alichino for the article about Alichino from Divine Comedy see Alichino (devil)Alichino is a manga created by the artist Kouyu Shurei originally published in Japan by Home-sha Inc. and Shueisha. It was translated and distributed by TOKYOPOP in the United States Canada and the United Kingdom; the Tokyopop version of the manga is out of print as of August 31 2009.Alichino are beautiful demons that offer wishes to those who are desperate to receive them.
 Triton of the Sea (海のトリトン Umi no Toriton) is a manga series created by Osamu Tezuka and an anime directed by Yoshiyuki Tomino based on the manga. The series which had 27 episodes was broadcast from April 1 to September 30 1972. Digital Manga successfully crowd-funded the U.S. release of the manga on Kickstarter in 2012.
 Das GEDICHT [ɡəˈdɪçt] About this sound (German lit.The Poem) established 1993 is the largest poetry magazine in the German-speaking world. It was founded by the poet and publisher Anton G. Leitner together with Ludwig Steinherr. Between 1994 and 2007 Leitner served as its sole editor. Since 2008 Leitner has edited the annual periodical with changing co-editors.
 Bancroft This Week is a Sun Media Publication that first appeared in the Mineral Capital in 2000. Then it was called Bancroft This Weekend and was an independent weekly newspaper. In its current incarnation the tabloid-format circulates to more than 11000 homes as a flyer wrap in a wide geographic range that spans Barry’s Bay in the east Coe Hill in the south Apsley in the west and Whitney in the north. Distributed via Canada Post the publication lands in most mailboxes every Friday.
 There is also an academic journal sharing the same name: China Economic Review (journal)China Economic Review (Chinese: 中国经济评论 Pinyin: Zhōngguó Jīngjì Pínglùn; also referred to as CER) is an English-language monthly business magazine published by the UK-registered publisher China Economic Review Publishing Ltd. The magazine was launched in London in the late 1980s. It is published on the first of every month.
 The Raglan Chronicle formerly the Raglan County Chronicle is a free weekly newspaper published in Raglan and delivered to most homes west of the summit of State Highway 23. Circulation figures are not published but the 2006 Census showed 1068 dwellings in Raglan and 594 in Te Uku area units in addition to which copies are available in Raglan shops and cafes so that total circulation must amount to about 2000 copies a week.
 Alt Variety was a New York City-based monthly publication dealing with alternative and subversive themes that launched online in February 2012 and closed in July 2013. Its founder was Lee Wong.
 The Journal of Ornithology (formerly Journal für Ornithologie) is a scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Deutsche Ornithologen-Gesellschaft. It was founded by Jean Cabanis in 1853 becoming the official journal of the Deutsche Ornithologen-Gesellschaft in 1854. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.632.
 The Dartmouth is the daily student newspaper at Dartmouth College. Founded in 1799 it is America's oldest college newspaper. It is published by The Dartmouth Inc. an independent nonprofit corporation chartered in the state of New Hampshire. Many alumni of The Dartmouth have gone on to careers in journalism and several have won Pulitzer Prizes.
 Mazeppa is a narrative poem written by the English romantic poet Lord Byron in 1819. It is based on a popular legend about the early life of Ivan Mazepa (1639–1709) a Ukrainian gentleman who later became Hetman of the Ukrainian Cossacks. According to the poem the young Mazeppa has a love affair with a Countess Theresa while serving as a page at the Court of King John II Casimir Vasa. Countess Theresa was married to a much older Count.
 Paper Towns is the third young adult novel by John Green published on October 16 2008 by Dutton Books. It debuted at number 5 on the New York Times bestseller list for children's books and was awarded the 2009 Edgar Award for best Young Adult novel.
 The Fatal Strand is the third and final novel in the Tales from the Wyrd Museum series by Robin Jarvis.
 Bad Faith is a 2008 novel by Gillian Phillip. This dystopian murder mystery explores the role of religion in life and government. This is Gillian Phillip's first full-length novel.
 Outposts Journeys to the surviving relics of the British Empire (ISBN 0141011890) is a book by Simon Winchester. It details his travels to each of the remaining dependencies of the British Empire and was first published in 1985 under the title The Sun Never Sets: Travels to the Remaining Outposts of the British Empire.
 The Matarese Countdown is an espionage thriller novel by Robert Ludlum. It is the sequel to the The Matarese Circle.
 Spade Cooley's Western Swing Song Folio was the first songbook to identify the big Western dance band music as Western Swing. In October 1944 Billboard made the following announcement unceremoniously giving the subgenre its common label for the first time in a national publication: 'Spade Cooley will put out 25 of his original tunes together with an album of band numbers and suggestions on arrangements for Western Bands.
 Doctor Strange: The Oath is a comic book limited series written by Brian K. Vaughan drawn by Marcos Martin published by Marvel Comics and starring the superhero Doctor Strange.
 Zothlifim Daily Newspaper is a Mizo language daily newspaper founded on April 1 2008 as a hard-copy of an online news website Khampat .COM published from Serchhip Town in the Mizoram State of Northeast India. Now it is claimed the most subscribed local newspaper in Serchhip District.Zothlifim is published edited and owned by Mr. C. Lalrochhuanga.
 Physical Review E: Statistical Nonlinear and Soft Matter Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by the American Physical Society. The main field of interest is many-body phenomena. The Editor-in-Chief is Gene D. Sprouse. While original research content requires subscription editorials news and other non-research content is openly accessible.
 The Journal of Supercomputing is an academic computer science journal concerned with theoretical and practical aspects of supercomputing. Tutorial and survey papers are also included.
 An Experiment In Treason is the ninth historical mystery novel about Sir John Fielding by Bruce Alexander (a pseudonym for Bruce Cook).
 Angelicuss is the first Romanian LGBT magazine and is published by Be An Angel an LGBT rights organisation from Cluj-Napoca. The magazine was initially only available through the internet with the first print version released in November 2004 and distributed free of charge. In 2005 the magazine was replaced by Switch also released by Be An Angel. In 2006 however Switch was discontinued and replaced by a revamped Angelicuss released in the format of a weekly newsletter.
 Into the Mist is the prequel of the first book in The Land of Elyon series.
 The Colossus Crisis is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts which is the sixth novel in the The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the sequel to The Olympic Conspiracy.
 Blue Wizard Is About To Die!: Prose Poems and Emoto-Versatronic Expressionist Pieces About Video Games (1980-2003) is a volume of verse written by Seth Flynn Barkan in 2003; the title is a phrase heard in the arcade game Gauntlet II. It is reputedly the first volume of poetry dedicated to computer and video games.
 Zoeken naar Eileen W. is a novel written by Leon de Winter.
 Jokerman 8 by Richard Melo is a novel of that follows a group of college students whose lives weave in and out of the radical environmental movement. It was published in 2004 by Soft Skull Press and was reviewed in The Oregonian The Believer and other print and online periodicals.
 The Bridge of Sighs is a famous poem of 1844 by Thomas Hood concerning the suicide of a homeless young woman who threw herself from Waterloo Bridge in London.Although Thomas Hood (1799–1845) is usually regarded as a humorous poet towards the end of his life when he was on his sick bed he wrote a number of poems commenting on contemporary poverty. These included The Song of the Shirt The Bridge of Sighs and The Song of the Labourer.
 Information Services & Use is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the area of information technology especially information management and applications. It is peer-reviewed. Its current editors-in-chief are Arnoud De Kemp and Elliot R. Siegel. The journal was established in 1981 and is published by IOS Press.
 The Crack in Space is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick. In the United Kingdom it has been published under the title of the original novella Cantata 140. The novel was expanded from the novella Cantata 140 published in the July 1964 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction. This original title refers to the short title in English Sleepers Awake of J.S. Bach's Cantata BWV 140 and the novel's 'bibs' the millions sleeping in suspended animation.
 Ruth Hall: A Domestic Tale of the Present Time is a roman à clef by Fanny Fern (pen name of Sara Payson Willis) a popular 19th-century newspaper writer. Following on her meteoric rise to fame as a columnist she signed a contract in February 1854 to write a full-length novel. She finished Ruth Hall within a few months and it was first published in November 1854.
 Yo-Yo Boing! is a Spanglish novel by Puerto Rican poet and novelist Giannina Braschi. Braschi is the author of the postmodern poetry trilogy El imperio de los sueños/Empire of Dreams (1988) and the postcolonial dramatic novel United States of Banana (2011). Published in 1998 as the first full-length Spanglish novel Yo-Yo Boing! is a linguistic hybrid of literary Spanish American English and Spanglish.
 In Our Translated World: Contemporary Global Tamil Poetry is a bilingual (Tamil and English) anthology of Tamil poetry. This collection contains poems by 78 Tamils of whom 21 are women. The authors are from many countries including India Sri Lanka Malaysia Singapore Canada Australia and Europe.
 The Werewolf of Paris (1933) is a horror novel as well as a work of historical fiction by Guy Endore. The novel follows Bertrand Caillet the eponymous werewolf throughout the tumultuous events of the Franco-Prussian War and the Paris Commune of 1870–71.
 Work: A Story of Experience first published in 1873 is a semi-autobiographical novel by Louisa May Alcott the author of Little Women set in the times before and after the American Civil War.It is one of several nineteenth-century novels [which] uncovers the changes in women's work in the new industrial era as well as the dilemmas tensions and the meaning of that work. The story depicts the struggles of a young woman trying to support herself.
 The Journal of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal of oncology and the official journal of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN). It is published by Harborside Press and the editor-in-chief is Harold J. Burstein (Dana–Farber Cancer Institute).
 Norwegian Archaeological Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of archaeology. It was established in 1968 and is published biannually by Routledge.
 A Thousand Days: John F. Kennedy in the White House is a nonfiction book by Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. about the United States Presidency of John F. Kennedy (1961–1963). It features the policies politics and personalities during his administration. The U.S. Cabinet under Kennedy is a focus. It was first published by Houghton Mifflin in 1965 and next year won both the National Book Award in History and Biography and the Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography.
 Becoming the Villainess is a book of poetry that was written by Jeannine Hall Gailey and published by Steel Toe Books in 2006. This collection Gailey's first deals primarily with issues of women and power.
 TV Park (Russian: ТВ Парк) is a Russian weekly television listings magazine published by Media Park. As well as programme details the publication also features articles on current TV events films sports news music a horoscope and such regular columns as Person of the Week Photo Project Personal Life Dynasty and Mysteries.The first number of the magazine was issued in March 1994 making it the first Russian TV listings magazine.
 Dragon of the Lost Sea is a fantasy novel by Chinese-American author Laurence Yep. It was first published in 1982 and is the first book in his Dragon series. Having already written several books Yep had wanted to adapt Chinese mythology into a fantasy form for some time and began writing the story in 1980 after undertaking careful research.
 The Gloucestershire Echo is a daily paper produced by Gloucestershire Media part of Local World. It was founded in 1873.The newspaper is based in St James' House in the centre of Cheltenham. It covers Cheltenham Bishops Cleeve Tewkesbury Cirencester and the Cotswolds up to the Gloucestershire border.The editor is Kevan Blackadder who has been in position since July 2008.In 2012 Local World acquired owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.
 Les Deux Billets (English: The Two Tickets) is a one act comedy by Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian. It was first performed by the Comédie Italienne in 1779. Les Deux Billets is the first of a trilogy of plays called The Arlequinades that tell the story of Arlequin his wife Argentine and later their children. The other two plays in the series are Le Bon Ménage and Le Bon Père.
 Dorothy Rabinowitz is an American conservative journalist and commentator.She was born in New York City and attained a bachelor's degree at Queens College. She worked toward a doctorate at New York University from 1957 to 1960 but did not graduate. She has worked as editorial writer for the Wall Street Journal since June 1990 and has been a member of their editorial board since May 1996. She is a regular panelist on the Journal Editorial Report.
 Le Fiamme di Zaporoze is an epic historical novel written in Italian about the Zaporozhian Cossacks at the time of Hetman Ivan Mazepa and Czar Peter the Great during the Great Northern War by Mario Dimitrio Donadio and published in Italy by Giraldi Editore in 2008.
 The Tombs is a Fargo adventure novel. The two main characters of the Fargo novels are adventurers Sam Fargo and his wife Remi. The Tombs is the fourth book of the Fargo series. The book's hardcover edition was first published September 4 2012. Other editions of this novel were released on various dates in 2012.
 'How Sex Works: Why We Look Smell Taste Feel and Act the Way We Do' is a 2009 book by evolutionary biologist and New York Times bestselling author Sharon Moalem published by HarperCollins. The book examines the scientific reasons people are attracted to one another including the evolutionary underpinnings of sexual attraction monogamy and sexual orientation.
 Új Szó (English: New Word) is a Hungarian language only daily newspaper published in Bratislava Slovakia. It also publishes a weekly Sunday supplement titled Vasárnap (English: Sunday before 1990: Vasárnapi Új Szó).
 The Sacred Art of Stealing is a satirical crime novel by the Scottish writer Christopher Brookmyre. It is the author's seventh book and is a stand alone sequel to A Big Boy did it and Ran Away.The book is a tale of the unusual romance between likable thief half Scottish half Mexican Zal Innez and D.I. Angelique de Xavia the police officer whose job it is to catch him.
 1634: The Galileo Affair is the fourth book and third novel published in the 1632 series by Eric Flint and Andrew Dennis. It follows the activities of an embassy party sent from the United States of Europe (Grantville) to Venice Italy where the three young Stone brothers become involved with the local Committees of Correspondence and the Inquisition's trial of Galileo Galilei.
 The Red Fighter Pilot (German: Der Rote Kampfflieger) is a book written by Manfred von Richthofen a famous German fighter pilot ace with eighty air combat victories to his credit. Richthofen's most common German nickname was Der Rote Kampfflieger.The book details some of Richthofen's experiences during World War I. He finished the book in 1917 and as it was written during the World War I it was subjected to war-time censorship.Richthofen was killed in combat in 1918.
 We Couldn't Leave Dinah is a children's novel by Mary Treadgold first published by Jonathan Cape in 1941 with illustrations by Stuart Tresilian. It is a contemporary adventure story set on a fictional island in the English Channel during World War II and eventually during a German occupation.
 Pregnancy Birth and Abortion is a 1958 book about human pregnancy by Paul Gebhard Wardell Pomeroy Clyde Martin and Cornelia Christenson. It was a publication of the Institute for Sex Research.
 Superboy's Legion is a two-issue mini-series published by DC Comics in 2001 under the Elseworlds banner. It was written and inked by Mark Farmer with pencils by Alan Davis.The series is a tale about if baby Kal-El the last survivor of the doomed planet Krypton had been raised in the 30th Century. The story uses elements from the Silver Age of comic books most notably from the original Legion of Super-Heroes series.
 King-Cat Comics and Stories is a long-running critically acclaimed photocopied mini-comic series authored and self-published by John Porcellino. It is one of the longest continually published mini comics in existence.
 The Insider was a prominent subscription-based newsletter reporting on Pennsylvania politics.
 The Golden Age is a science fiction trilogy by the American writer John C. Wright. It consists of three books The Golden Age The Phoenix Exultant and The Golden Transcendence.
 Shiawase no Jikan (幸せの時間) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yasuyuki Kunitomo. It will be adapted into a Japanese television drama series in 2012.
 Historia Lettica — one of the oldest historical books about Latvia Latvian mythology and Latvian language. Was written by Lutheran priest Paul Einhorn in 1649.Historia Lettica was published in Königsberg in 1649 in German language.
 Peek-A-Poo: What’s In Your Diaper? (originally titled Mag Ik Eens In Je Luier Kijken?) is a 2010 picture book for children pertaining to toilet training catered to children of ages two to five written and illustrated by Guido van Genechten and published by Clavis Publishing on January 1 2010. It was longlisted for the 2010 Bookseller/Diagram Prize for Oddest Title of the Year. Originally penned in Dutch the book has been adapted into many languages including English and Afrikaans.
 Sesame Street Magazine is an American monthly magazine based on the long-running children's television series Sesame Street. The magazine features characters from the television series and emphasizes Sesame Street's educational goals. The intended audience includes children under the age of five and their parents.The Sesame Workshop (formerly called the Children's Television Workshop) published Sesame Street Magazine from October 1970 until 2001.
 Creature Feature is an animal gag cartoon strip which appeared weekly in the Sunday Times supplement Funday Times for over 15 years and is currently syndicated throughout the world including Germany and the Middle East (Khaleej Times). Created by cartoonist Dave Follows the Creature Feature is still the longest running cartoon strip ever to appear in The Sunday Times supplement.The last printed edition of the Funday Times was published on Sunday March 12 2006.
 Lando Calrissian and the Flamewind of Oseon is a science fiction novel set in the Star Wars Expanded Universe. It was written by L. Neil Smith and originally published in 1983 by Del Rey a division of Ballantine Books. It is the second of three books in The Adventures of Lando Calrissian trilogy (the other two books in the series are Lando Calrissian and the Mindharp of Sharu and Lando Calrissian and the Starcave of ThonBoka) and one of the oldest Expanded Universe works.
 Out of Sight Out of Time is a 2012 young-adult fiction novel by Ally Carter and the sequel to Only the Good Spy Young.
 Porky is the fifth novel by English author Deborah Moggach first published in 1983 by Jonathan Cape and recommended in OUP's Good Fiction Guide.
 Dark is the Moon is the third novel in The View from the Mirror quartet by Ian Irvine.
 Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn (機動戦士ガンダムUC(ユニコーン) Kidō Senshi Gandamu Yunikōn) is a novel by popular Japanese author Harutoshi Fukui (Shūsen no Lorelei Bōkoku no Aegis). The novel takes place in Gundam's Universal Century timeline. Character and mechanical designs are provided by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko and Hajime Katoki respectively.
 A Review of the Times– Traditional Chinese: 萬國公報; Simplified Chinese: 万国公报; Pinyin: Wàn Guó Gōng Bào; Wade–Giles: Wan Kwoh Kung Pao; Literally: The Ten Thousand Nations' Common NewspaperA Review of the Times was a monthly publication in China from 1868-1907. It was founded and edited by the American Methodist missionary the Reverend Young John Allen of Georgia. Its subject matter ranged from discussions on the politics of Western nation-states to the virtues and advantages of Christianity.
 Nightmare Hour is a 1999 horror collection by R. L. Stine. It is composed of 10 different short stories ranging from Pumpkinhead to The Ghostly Stare and was a New York Times bestseller from the year 1999 to 2000.
 Di Tsayt (Yiddish: די צײט 'The Time') was a Yiddish language weekly newspaper published from Saint Petersburg Russia. It was an organ of the General Jewish Labour Bund. Whilst the editorial team of Di Tsayt was based in the Austrian capital of Vienna officially Saint Petersburg was the site of publishing for the journal. Prominent editors included Esther Frumkin Raphael Abramovitch Vladimir Medem Henryk Ehrlich Moisei Rafes and D.
 The American Israelite is a Jewish weekly newspaper published in Cincinnati Ohio.
 Sex Drugs and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto is a book written by Chuck Klosterman first published by Scribner in 2003. It is a collection of eighteen comedic essays on popular culture.The book cover was designed by Paul Sahre. [1]
 Geoscientific Model Development is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal of the European Geosciences Union.
 The End of the Whole Mess is a short science fiction story by Stephen King which was first published in Omni Magazine in 1986 and in 1993 was collected in King's Nightmares & Dreamscapes.
 The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals is a nonfiction book by Michael Pollan published in 2006. In the book Pollan asks the seemingly straightforward question of what we should have for dinner. As omnivores the most unselective eaters humans (as well as other omnivores) are faced with a wide variety of food choices resulting in a dilemma.
 Portuguese Irregular Verbs is a short comic novel by Alexander McCall Smith and the first of McCall Smith's Professor Dr von Igelfeld novels. It was first published in 1997.The protagonist is a bitter German professor Moritz-Maria von Igelfeld who feels that he is not accorded the scholarly recognition and veneration he deserves. Von Igelfeld is an extremely tall philologist at the Institute of Romance Philology in Regensburg Germany.
 Kali's Child: The Mystical and the Erotic in the Life and Teachings of Ramakrishna is a book on the Indian mystic Ramakrishna by Hindu studies scholar Jeffrey J. Kripal published in 1995 by the University of Chicago press. It argues for a homoerotic strain in Ramakrishna's life rituals and teachings.The book won the American Academy of Religion's History of Religions Prize for the Best First Book of 1995.
 The House of Asterion (original Spanish title: La casa de Asterión) is a short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges first published in Los Anales de Buenos Aires in May 1947. It was reprinted in the short-story collection El Aleph in 1949.
 My Story is an autobiographical book written by Ronnie Kray. He along with his twin brother Reggie were said to be the most feared gangsters in British history.Originally published in hardback 1993 by Sidgwick & Jackson it was re-published in paperback in 7 October 1994 by Pan Books part of Macmillan Publishers.
 Genji Monogatari (源氏物語 Genji monogatari) is a Japanese manga version of Murasaki Shikibu's The Tale of Genji by Miyako Maki. In 1989 it received the 34th Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
 Weapon is a 1989 science fiction novel by Robert Mason. The book was Mason's first novel; he had previously written a memoir about his experiences in Vietnam titled Chickenhawk. The book is about an android designed to kill which experiences a crisis of conscience and runs away from its government masters to live in a Nicaraguan village.
 Desolation Jones was a bimonthly comic book series written by Warren Ellis. Art for the first six-issue storyline was provided by J.H. Williams III and José Villarrubia. The interrupted second storyline was illustrated by Danijel Zezelj and Villarrubia.
 The Garden of Forking Paths (original Spanish title: El Jardín de senderos que se bifurcan) is a 1941 short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges. It is the title story in the collection El jardín de senderos que se bifurcan (1941) which was republished in its entirety in Ficciones (Fictions) in 1944.
 A Hornbook for Witches: Poems of Fantasy is a collection of poems by Leah Bodine Drake. It was released in 1950 and was the author's first book and her only collection published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 553 copies of which 300 were given to the author making this one of the rarest books published by Arkham House. The jacket was the work of Frank Utpatel.
 Infection Genetics and Evolution Journal of Molecular Epidemiology and Evolutionary Genetics of Infectious Diseases is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 2001. It is published by Elsevier. The (founding) editor-in-chief is Michel Tibayrenc. Topics covered include genetics population genetics genomics gene expression evolutionary biology population dynamics mathematical modeling and bioinformatics.
 Rage of Angels is a novel by Sidney Sheldon published in 1980. The novel revolves around young attorney Jennifer Parker as she rises as a successful lawyer after being framed for threatening the chief witness against a Mafia boss by mistakenly giving him a dead canary with a broken neck which in turn leads to a situation that promises to break Her life's dreams.
 Canadian Gardening was first published in February 1990 covering topics including garden profiles gardening techniques recipes projects and design ideas and regional information and events.Published eight times a year the magazine has a readership of more than 2 ½ million gardeners.
 Women in a Celtic Church: Ireland 450–1150 is a historical study of the role of women in the religious institutions of Early Medieval Ireland. Authored by the American academic Christina Harrington it was first published by Oxford University Press in 2002.The book received mixed reviews from academics; most praised Harrington's arguments and use of source material but some felt that there were errors in her arguments and criticised her use of the word Celtic in the title.
 Martha Speaks is an illustrated children's story written by Susan Meddaugh. It is the first in a series of six books featuring the title character Martha.
 Pig-Hoo-o-o-o-ey is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse which first appeared in the United States in the 9 July 1927 issue of Liberty and in the United Kingdom in the August 1927 Strand. Part of the Blandings Castle canon it features the absent-minded peer Lord Emsworth and was included in the collection Blandings Castle and Elsewhere (1935) although the story takes place sometime between the events of Leave it to Psmith (1923) and Summer Lightning (1929).
 The Authentic Life of Billy the Kid is a biography and first-hand account written by Pat Garrett sheriff of Lincoln County New Mexico in collaboration with a ghostwriter Marshall Ashmun Ash Upson. During the summer of 1881 in a small New Mexican village Garrett shot and killed the notorious outlaw William H. Bonney better known as Billy the Kid.
 Toradora! (とらドラ!) is a Japanese light novel series by Yuyuko Takemiya with illustrations by Yasu. The series includes ten novels released between March 10 2006 and March 10 2009 published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint. Three volumes of a spin-off light novel series were also created aptly titled Toradora Spin-off!. A manga adaptation by Zekkyō started serialization in the September 2007 issue of the shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao! published by MediaWorks.
 Timur and His Squad (Timur I yevo komanda Тимур и его команда) is a short novel by Arkady Gaidar written and first published in 1940. The book telling the story of a gang of village kids who sneak around secretly doing good deeds protecting families whose fathers and husbands are in the Red Army and doing battle against nasty hooligans had a huge impact upon the young Soviet audiences.
 Fool on the Hill (ISBN 0-8021-3535-8) is a 1988 comic fantasy novel by Matt Ruff set at Cornell University in Ithaca New York.
 Arrow's Flight is a fantasy novel by Mercedes Lackey. Arrow's Flight was Lackey's second published work and is the fifth in the Heralds of Valdemar series. The book is set in the fictional world of Velgarth. Arrow's Flight is identified as ISBN 978-0-88677-377-9.Arrow's Flight is the central book of a trilogy which began in Arrows of the Queen and concludes in Arrow's Fall.
 Tona-Gura! (となグラ!) is the title of a fictional Japanese comedy/romance story created by Hidetaka Kakei centering around four childhood friends and the romantic relationship between two of them. The name of the series is an abbreviation of となり暮らし、 グラフティ (Living next door graffiti)Tona-Gura! originally began as a manga series and was released on December 13 2004. The anime is based on this manga and was released July 8 2006.
 The Face of Appalachia: Portraits from the Mountain Farm is a 2003 book by photographer and author Timothy Lee Barnwell. The text is a mixture of photography and oral history about the culture of Appalachia. It was first published on December 17 2003 W.W. Norton and includes over 100 black and white photographs as well as interviews from Appalachia inhabitants.
 In Golden Blood is the third science-fiction alternate history novel by Stephen Woodworth featuring the Violet detective Natalie Lindstrom. It was written in 2005 and won First Place in the Writers of the Future Contest.
 National Lampoon The Iron On Book was an American humor book that was published in 1976. It was in fact a special edition of National Lampoon magazine and as such it was sold on newsstands along with the regular monthly issue of the magazine. It was edited by Tony Hendra.This was a book of 16 designs that the purchaser could apply to tee shirts using an iron.
 A Wish of my Sister (お姉ちゃんのお願い Onee-chan no Onegai) is an erotic one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Masahiro Itosugi about a series of short stories where the relationships of Keisuke his sister and his classmate take up four of the total eight chapters. The manga is serialized in Icarus Publishing's magazine Digital Comic AG from issue 56 in March 2007 to issue 65 in August 2007. Akaneshinsha released the manga in Japan on June 24 2006.
 The Daily Globe is a daily newspaper based in Ironwood Michigan.The Daily Globe serves Gogebic and Ontonagon counties in Michigan and Iron County in Wisconsin.
 I Wish That I Had Duck Feet is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss illustrated by B. Tobey and first published in 1965. Theo. LeSieg was a pen name of Theodor Geisel who is more commonly known as Dr. Seuss. The story concerns a boy who wishes that he could have many different animal and mechanical body parts finding fantastic uses for each. After he lists all the great things he can do with his new body part he explained the cons of the body part.
 The Corvallis Gazette-Times is a daily newspaper in Corvallis Oregon United States. The newspaper along with its sister publication the Albany Democrat-Herald of neighboring Albany Oregon is owned by Lee Enterprises of Davenport Iowa. The Corvallis newspaper has a daily circulation of 11524 and a Sunday circulation of 12021.
 The Journal of Crustacean Biology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of carcinology (crustacean research). It is published by The Crustacean Society and since 2005 the editor-in-chief has been Frederick Schram. According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2011 impact factor is 1.116.
 The Upside of Down: Catastrophe Creativity and the Renewal of Civilization (ISBN 0-676-97722-7) is a non-fiction book published in 2006 by Thomas Homer-Dixon a professor who at the time was the director of the Trudeau Centre for Peace and Conflict Studies at University of Toronto.The book sets out a theory of the growth crisis and renewal of societies. The world's converging energy environmental and political stresses could cause a breakdown of national and global order.
 Torchlight to Valhalla is a lesbian-themed novel published by Random House in 1938 written by Gale Wilhelm. The novel is considered a classic in lesbian fiction being one of the few hardbound novels with lesbian content to be published in the early 20th century. Quite rare for lesbian fiction in this time the ending is actually satisfactory for the lesbian characters. It was also reissued in 1953 by Lion Publishers but titled The Strange Path.
 Inside Tucson Business is a weekly newspaper published in Tucson that covers the business financial and economic news of Southern Arizona. It was owned by Wick Communications from 1992 to 2014 when it was sold to 10/13 Communications.
 Vox Sanguinis formerly known as the Bulletin of the Central Laboratorium van de Bloedtransfusiedienst of the Nederlandse Rode Kruis is a hematology journal established in 1953 and published 8 times per year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society of Blood Transfusion. The editor-in-chief is Dana V. Devine (Canadian Blood Services Centre for Blood Research).
 The People of the Mist is a classic lost race fantasy novel written by H. Rider Haggard. It was first published serially in the weekly magazine Tit-Bits between December 1893 and August 1894; the first edition in book form was published in London by Longmans in October 1894.The work's importance was recognized in December 1973 by its revival by Ballantine Books as the sixty-third paperback volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series.
 The Lost Fleet: Fearless is the second book in Jack Campbell's The Lost Fleet series that was published in 2007. Jack Campbell has created a believable futuristic landscape utilizing believable physics in his universe of science fiction warfare
 The Man from the USSR and Other Plays is a collection of four dramas by the Russian writer Vladimir Nabokov first published in 1984. The plays were collected and translated from the original Russian by Nabokov's son Dmitri Nabokov after his father's death. The volume consists of the plays 'The Pole' ('Polyus' written 1923) 'The Man from the USSR' ('Chelovek iz SSSR' written 1926) 'The Event' ('Sobytie' written 1938) and 'The Granddad' ('Dedushka').
 The Wall (Сцяна) is a collection of short stories by the Belarusian writer Vasil Bykaŭ.
 Mohazzabul Lughat is an Urdu encyclopedia.
 The Ghost and The Goth is a 2010 Paranormal Romance young adult novel written by Stacey Kade and published by Hyperion Books. It is the first book in The Ghost and The Goth Trilogy. The book follows two different view points Alona Dare (The Ghost) and Will Killian (The Goth) as they try to help each other.
 The Ang Pamantasan (abbreviation: AP) is an independent student organization and the official student publication of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila one of the Philippines' most prestigious universities.This student organization is currently registered in the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as a non-stock non-profit corporation in the name of Ang Pamantasan 1979 - PLM's Official Student Publication Inc. It was previously registered in SEC as Ang Pamantasan Inc.This independent student organization was established in 1979 twelve years after the university formally opened.
 Robotics;Notes (ロボティクス・ノーツ Robotikusu Nōtsu) is a Japanese visual novel developed and published by 5pb.. The game was released on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 video game consoles on June 28 2012 with a PlayStation Vita port to be released on June 26 2014 under the title Robotics;Notes Elite. It is the third game in 5pb.'s Science Adventure series following Chaos;Head and Steins;Gate and is described as an Augmented Science Adventure (拡張科学アドベンチャー Kakuchō Kagaku Adobenchā).
 The Enclosure (1961) is a novel by Susan Hill. Hill wrote the novel when she was 15 years old.
 Georgie! (ジョージィ! Jōjī!) is a manga series written by Mann Izawa and illustrated by Yumiko Igarashi. It was serialized from 1982 in the Shōjo Comic manga magazine. The series was adapted in 1983 into an anime TV series Lady Georgie (レディジョージィ Redi Jōjī) by Tokyo Movie Shinsha which originally premiered across TV Asahi and spanned 45 episodes. It is currently airing across Japan on the anime satellite television network Animax.
 Manga Life (まんがライフ Manga Raifu) is a manga magazine published monthly by Takeshobo in Japan since the November 1984 issue (published in October 1984). Its original title was Gag da (ギャグダ Gyagu da) and the change to Manga Life was made to better compete with Manga Time a rival magazine published by Houbunsha. Most of the series appearing in the magazine use the yonkoma format.
 Leonardo’s Swans is an international bestseller by Karen Essex published by Doubleday in 2006. The novel tells the story of the rivalry between the powerful Este sisters Beatrice and Isabella princesses of the House of Ferrara as they competed for the attentions of both the Duke of Milan and Leonardo da Vinci when the artist was court painter in the High Renaissance. Also included are excerpts from Leonardo’s own journals and letters which reflect the contents of each chapter.
 The Northumbrian Minstrel is a songbook giving the lyrics of local now historical songs printed and published at Alnwick in 1811 by William Davison. The majority of the songs are written by songwriters from the North of the County and therefore the content differs from most of the other popular Northumbrian chapbooks.
 Hanthawaddy Hsinbyushin Ayedawbon (Burmese: ဟံသာဝတီ ဆင်ဖြူရှင် အရေးတော်ပုံ) is a 16th-century Burmese chronicle of King Bayinnaung of Toungoo Dynasty. Though it is a biographic chronicle it is a detailed account of the reign.
 Here's the Deal: Don't Touch Me is the humorous autobiography of Howie Mandel in which he discusses his obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
 Cities of the Sun is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 Australian 4WD Action is an Australian magazine that focuses on the four wheel driving camping and offroad lifestyle. The magazine is published seventeen times a year by Sydney-based independent publishing company Express Media Group (often shortened to EMG).Australian 4WD Action was previously known as Australian 4WD Monthly until a name change in 2007.
 Blueberry Girl is a book by Neil Gaiman and Charles Vess. It was conceived as a poem of the same name written in 2000 by Neil Gaiman for his goddaughter Tash the daughter of his friend Tori Amos. In 2004 Neil Gaiman announced that Charles Vess was painting pictures to go with the poem with the intention of publishing it as book.The book was published in 2009 by HarperCollins.
 A Nasty Story (Russian: Скверный анекдот Skverny anekdot) also translated as A Disgraceful Affair as well as A Most Unfortunate Incident and An Unpleasant Predicament is a satirical short story by Fyodor Dostoyevsky concerning the escapades of a Russian civil servant.
 Iphigenia in Tauris (German: Iphigenie auf Tauris) is a reworking by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe of the ancient Greek tragedy Ἰφιγένεια ἐν Ταύροις (Iphigeneia en Taurois) by Euripides. Euripides' title means Iphigenia among the Taurians whereas Goethe's title means Iphigenia in Taurica the country of the Tauri.Goethe wrote the first version of his play in six weeks and it was first performed on April 6 1779 in prose form.
 The Golden Bough: A Study in Comparative Religion (retitled The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion in its second edition) is a wide-ranging comparative study of mythology and religion written by the Scottish anthropologist Sir James George Frazer (1854–1941). It was first published in two volumes in 1890; in three volumes in 1900; the third edition published 1906–15 comprised twelve volumes.
 Secret Origins is an American comic book series published by DC Comics.The title began in 1961 and for one issue all reprints. The title Secret Origins of Super Heroes (or Super Villains) went onto a second series also reprints which ran for seven issues from 1973-1974. Its most well-known incarnation was a 50-issue series (plus three annuals and a special) that ran from 1986 to 1990.
 Capitolwire is a prominent online subscription-based news service focusing on issues relating to politics and government in Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania House of Representatives hold a contract with GovNetPA to supply access to Capitolwire for over 40 selected staff members.Capitolwire was founded in 1999 and within it's first year it was reported to have 2000 subscribers.
 Amusement Today is a monthly periodical that features articles news pictures and reviews about all things relating to the amusement park industry including parks rides and ride manufacturers. The magazine which is based in Arlington Texas USA was founded in January 1997 by Gary Slade Virgil E. Moore III and Rick Tidrow.
 Wilco: Learning How to Die (2004 ISBN 0-7679-1558-5) is a book by Chicago Tribune rock critic Greg Kot. The book was written with the cooperation of Wilco band members past and present. It covers the time period from when Wilco singer Jeff Tweedy was born through the formation and breakup of Uncle Tupelo and the career of Wilco through their 2004 album A Ghost Is Born.
 Dirt Music by Tim Winton is a Booker prize shortlisted novel from 2001 and winner of the 2002 Miles Franklin Award. The harsh unyielding climate of Western Australia dominates the actions and events of this thriller.
 The Great Glacier is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992.
 While Europe Slept: How Radical Islam is Destroying the West from Within is a 2006 book by Bruce Bawer.
 Princess Ninja Scroll Tenka Musō (天下無双 Tenka Musō) is a 2-volumes shōnen manga by Akane Sasaki.
 Global Environmental Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal which examines the relationship between global political forces and environmental change. It covers such topics as the role of states international finance science and technology and grass roots movements. Issues of Global Environmental Politics are divided into research articles and debates. The journal was established under the founding editorship of Peter Dauvergne in 2000 and is published by MIT Press.
 Escape is a book by Carolyn Jessop and Laura Palmer. It discusses Jessop's upbringing in the FLDS polygamist community. Her childhood was affected by the sect's suspicion of outsiders the division that took place in that FLDS in the 1970s and '80s and by the increasing strictness of the sect her family belonged to. She experienced life with a mother who suffered from depression and was violent with her children.
 Arkivoc (Archive for Organic Chemistry) is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all aspects of organic chemistry. it is published by the non-profit organisation Arkat USA which was established in 2000 through a personal donation from Alan R. Katritzky and Linde Katritzky. Arkat's primary goal is to publish Arkivoc. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.057 ranking it 40th out of 55 journals in the category Chemistry Organic.
 The Twilight of Briareus is a science-fiction novel by John Middleton Murry Jr. under his pseudonym Richard Cowper. It combine[s] disaster and invasion themes. One critic sees it as the book that Cowper's other novels resemble at heart.
 El Faro de Gibraltar is a Spanish language free weekly newspaper published in Gibraltar since 2003. It is the only Spanish language newspaper currently published in Gibraltar and belongs to the Spanish media group Publicaciones del Sur S.A..
 Jumanji is the title of a 1981 fantasy children's picture book written and illustrated by the American author Chris Van Allsburg. It was made into a 1995 film of the same name. Both the book and the movie are about a magical board game that implements real animals and other jungle elements as the game is played; thus the dangers which the players have to overcome in the game also appear in real life.
 Crouch End is a horror story by Stephen King originally published in New Tales of the Cthulhu Mythos (1980) and republished in a slightly different version in King's Nightmares & Dreamscapes collection (1993). It contains distinct references to the horror fiction of H. P. Lovecraft.A television adaptation aired July 12 2006 on TNT as part of Nightmares and Dreamscapes: From the Stories of Stephen King.
 Cloverfield/Kishin (クローバーフィールド/KISHIN Kurōbāfīrudo/KISHIN) is a manga and cross-media tie-in to the 2008 film Cloverfield. It was published once a month on Kadokawa Shoten's website and consists of four chapters. There are English translations for the story but only on fansites.
 The Punisher War Zone is a comic book spin-off series featuring the Punisher a fictional character published by Marvel Comics.The first installment of the series ran for 41 issues with two 64-page annuals. Multiple writers contributed to this series during its three-year run from 1992 to 1995. The series served mainly as a vehicle for longtime Marvel artist John Romita Jr. who had returned to Marvel after a lengthy hiatus from drawing a monthly title.
 Trinity: A Graphic History of the First Atomic Bomb is the debut graphic novel written and illustrated by Jonathan Fetter-Vorm. It provides an account of the Manhattan Project and the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki as well as mentioning the chain of events after.
 Biological Research for Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal that biological research applied to nursing. The editor-in-chief is Carolyn Yucha (University of Nevada Las Vegas). The journal was established in 1999 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Comanche Moon is a 1997 western novel by Larry McMurtry. It is the fourth and final book published in the Lonesome Dove series but the second installment in terms the chronology of the narrative.
 Shimbun Akahata (しんぶん赤旗 Shinbun Akahata lit. Newspaper Red Flag) is the daily organ of the Japanese Communist Party in the form of a national newspaper. Started in 1928 Akahata has a 16-page daily edition and a larger 36-page Sunday edition.Akahata has journalists based in the capitals of ten countries around the globe.
 The Nightmare Factory: Volume 2 2008 is the second volume in The Nightmare Factory series of graphic collections from Fox Atomic Comics based on the individual short stories of Thomas Ligotti.
 MacTribe is a web site and monthly computer magazine dedicatedto Apple Macintosh products. It is headquartered in Cambridge Massachusetts.
 Life-Size is the debut novel by South African author Jenefer Shute published in 1992 and is a Literary Guild selection. It is a first person account of Josie a twenty-five year old graduate in Economics suffering from anorexia who is hospitalized in an attempt to stop her from starving herself to death.
 Class Enemy (Klasni Neprijatelj in local language) is a play produced by the East West Theatre Company from Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina. The play was originally written by a British playwright Nigel Williams but East West Theatre Company's production was adapted by the show's director Haris Pašović. The original play set in the South London classroom in early 1980s was in Pašović's production transported to Sarajevo of 2007.
 The Journal of Business was an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press said to be the first scholarly journal to focus on business-related research.
 Prince Serebrenni (Russian: Князь Серебряный) is a historical novel by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy written in 1859-1861 and first published in The Russian Messenger magazine in 1862 (##8-10 August–October issues) where it was divided into parts I (chapters 1-19 in #8) and II (chapters 20-40 ## 9 and 10).
 Flight to Opar is a fantasy novel by Philip José Farmer first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1976 and reprinted twice through 1983. The first British edition was published by Magnum in 1977; it was reprinted by Methuen in 1983. It was later gathered together with its prequel Hadon of Ancient Opar and sequel The Song of Kwasin into the omnibus collection Gods of Opar: Tales of Lost Khokarsa (2012). The work has also been translated into French.
 Oresama Kingdom (オレ様キングダム Oresama Kingudamu) or Kings of My Love is a shōjo manga by Chitose Yagami. It was serialized in Ciao magazine published by Shogakukan in Japan.It already has a game adaptation and a three episodes OVA.
 Drunkard's Walk is a science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl. It was originally published in paperback by Ballantine Books in 1960 and later the same year by Gnome Press in a hardback edition of 3000 copies. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Galaxy Science Fiction.
 Lillia and Treize (リリアとトレイズ Riria to Toreizu) is a Japanese light novel adventure series by Keiichi Sigsawa with illustrations by Kohaku Kuroboshi starring the children of the characters from Allison. There are six light novels in the series published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko label. The first novel was released on March 10 2005 and the last novel was published on April 10 2007; there are three stories in the six volumes with each story taking up two volumes.
 The Two Princesses of Bamarre is a 2001 novel by Gail Carson Levine the author of Ella Enchanted and several other books. The story revolves around the lives of two sisters who are very close but as different as night and day. When one of them falls victim to a deadly disease sweeping the kingdom the other must find the courage to discover the cure and save her sister.
 A Couple of Boys Have the Best Week Ever is children's book written and illustrated by Marla Frazee and set in Malibu CA. It tells the story of two boys named James and Eamon who go to a nature camp for a week and stay with Eamon's unique grandparents. The story relates the growth of a friendship between two boys enjoying a week away from parents. The book was named a Caldecott Honor Book.[citation needed]
 Parade's End is a tetralogy (four related novels) by the English novelist and poet Ford Madox Ford published between 1924 and 1928. It is set mainly in England and on the Western Front in World War I where Ford served as an officer in the Welsh Regiment a life vividly depicted in the novels.In December 2010 John N. Gray hailed it as possibly the greatest 20th-century novel in English.
 These Old Shades (1926) is a Georgian (set around 1755–56) romance novel written by British novelist Georgette Heyer (1902–1974). It was an instant success and established her as a writer. It falls into the category of historical romance.
 The Making of a Moonie: Choice or Brainwashing? is a 1984 book written by British sociologist Eileen Barker Blackwell Publishers Oxford United Kingdom ISBN 0-631-13246-5.The book describes the religious conversion process to the Unification Church whose members are sometimes informally referred to as Moonies.Barker spent close to seven years studying Unification Church members.
 Metropol Sport is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Historical Atlas of World Mythology is a multi-volume series of books by Joseph Campbell that traces developments in humankind's mythological symbols and stories from pre-history forward.Campbell is perhaps best known as a comparativist who focused on universal themes and motifs in human culture. He first conceived of the Historical Atlas in the late 1970s as an extension of his works The Mythic Image and The Masks of God.
 Domus is an architecture and design magazine founded in 1928 by architect Gio Ponti and Barnabite father Giovanni Semeria. Published by Editoriale Domus the magazine is issued 11 times a year on a monthly basis.
 The Canadian Journal of Forest Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by NRC Research Press. It covers research related to forest resource management including forest biology biometry conservation economics genetics human dimensions management operations protection policy remote sensing soils silviculture wildlife and wood science. The journal publishes articles reviews notes and commentaries.
 The Man Without Qualities (1930–43; German: Der Mann ohne Eigenschaften) is an unfinished novel in three books by the Austrian writer Robert Musil.The novel is a story of ideas which takes place in the time of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy's last days and the plot often veers into allegorical dissections of a wide range of human themes and feelings.It has a particular concern with the values of truth and opinion and how society organises ideas though the book is over a thousand pages long and no one theme dominates.
 Clandestine is an 1982 crime novel by American author James Ellroy. Set in the 1950s the protagonist is an ambitious LA Cop Fred Underhill.Officer Freddy Underhill is a young cop on the rise working out of the LAPD's Wilshire station in 1951. He covers the beat with his partner Wacky Walker a World War II veteran with a Medal of Honor a drinking problem and an obsession with death. Underhill and Walker discover the mutilated and strangled corpse of a young secretary.
 Illustrated Life Rhodesia was a fortnightly picture magazine published in Salisbury Rhodesia by the Graham Publishing Company from at least 1968 to at least 1978. Aimed at the white Rhodesian populace it carried illustrated articles on Rhodesian history as well as on current affairs and prominent local personalities.
 Rat Girl is a memoir published in 2010 by Penguin Books and written by Kristin Hersh a guitarist songwriter and singer who has performed as a solo artist and as guitarist/lead singer of the alternative rock band Throwing Muses.
 The Elements of C++ Style is a book of rules of programming style in the C++ computer language. The book was published by Cambridge University Press in February 2004. The book provides conventions for formatting naming documentation programming and packaging.This book is part of a series of books that include The Elements of C# Style and The Elements of Java Style.
 Six Days of War: June 1967 and the Making of the Modern Middle East is a 2002 non-fiction book by American-born Israeli historian and Israeli ambassador to the United States Michael Oren chronicling the events of the Six-Day War fought between Israel and its Arab neighbors.
 Indulekha is a Malayalam novel about a beautiful well educated lady of a Nair tharavadu by Chandu Menon
 The Hidden Valley of Oz (1951) is the thirty-ninth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors. It was written by Rachel R. Cosgrove and illustrated by Dirk Gringhuis.
 Independent People (Icelandic: Sjálfstætt fólk) is an epic novel by Nobel laureate Halldór Laxness originally published in two volumes in 1934 and 1935; literally the title means Self-standing [i.e. self-reliant] folk. It deals with the struggle of poor Icelandic farmers in the early 20th century only freed from debt bondage in the last generation and surviving on isolated crofts in an inhospitable landscape.
 The International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the field of microbial systematics that was established in 1951. Its scope covers the taxonomy nomenclature identification characterisation culture preservation phylogeny evolution and biodiversity of all microorganisms including prokaryotes yeasts and yeast-like organisms protozoa and algae.
 The Enterprise of Law: Justice Without the State is a 1990 book by Bruce L. Benson in which he challenges readers' assumptions about the nature of the legal justice system. Benson uses economic theory to compare institutions and incentives that influence public policy and private performance in the provision of law and its enforcement.Benson discusses many topics and does a comprehensive summary of each. The book includes 5 Parts and 14 Chapters in all.
 The Citizen was the original name of a free monthly newspaper distributed in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area and renamed in May 2011 to The Monitor.
 The Right-Hand Man is a young adult historical novel by K. M. Peyton first published in 1977. The book is set in 1818 in Essex and London during the Georgian era. It tells the story of Ned Rowlands a talented stagecoach driver who meets the three creatures he loves best on the same day: a horse a woman and the man who will become his employer (Lord Ironminster).Lord Ironminster was a renowned and daring dragsman until he lost his right arm and his father in an accident.
 The Moosewood Cookbook is a recipe book written by Mollie Katzen when she was a member of the Moosewood collective in Ithaca New York. The original edition published in 1977 by the then-fledgling Ten Speed Press in California was hand-lettered and imaginatively illustrated by Katzen and featured a number of the recipes favored by the restaurant at the time.
 The Day of the Dog is a novel written by George Barr McCutcheon in 1904.
 Science World is an educational magazine published by Scholastic Corporation targeting primarily children between grades 6 and 12 and covering many aspects of science including physical science life science/health earth and space science environmental science and technology. [1] According to the Massachusetts Biotechnology Industry directory Science World brings to life the latest breaking news and discoveries in every field of science while helping students build critical-thinking and problem-solving skills. They are used in many schools though a subscription is needed to obtain them.[2]
 Corporate Vibes is an Australian play by David Williamson. It is a satire of the corporate world.
 Al-'Amal (in Arabic العمل) was a weekly newspaper published in Aden. Al-'Amal was the organ of the Aden Trade Union Congress. The newspaper was only allowed to print 1500 copies weekly by the authorities. The newspaper carried the slogan 'Freedom Bread and Peace'. After a year of existence and had the same editor as al-Ba'ath. al-'Amal was banned for having fomented dissent amongst workers. ATUC later launched al-'Ummal (in Arabic العمال meaning The Workers) as its new organ.
 A History of Chinese Literature is an English history of Chinese literature written by Herbert Giles and published in 1901.In his preface Giles claims that such a work of history was not already available even in Chinese.
 Archie is a long-running comic strip based on the line of the popular Archie Comics. Launched by King Features Syndicate in 1947 it features the misadventures of Archie Andrews and his pals.Bob Montana drew the first issue of the Archie comic book (November 1942). During World War II Montana spent four years in the Army Signal Corps drawing coded maps and working on training films with author William Saroyan and cartoonists Sam Cobean and Charles Addams.
 In October 2013 the Heinrich Böll Foundation published an analysis of the human rights of intersex people in 12 countries written by Dr. Dan Christian Ghattas of IVIM (OII-Germany). The countries studied were Australia Belgium France Germany New Zealand Serbia South Africa Taiwan Turkey Uganda Ukraine and Uruguay.
 Now in November is a 1934 novel by Josephine Johnson. It received the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1935.
 Dance in the Vampire Bund (ダンス イン ザ ヴァンパイアバンド Dansu in za Vanpaia Bando) is a supernatural romance manga written and illustrated by Nozomu Tamaki (環望 Tamaki Nozomu).
 Teataja was a newspaper published in Estonia founded in 1901 by Konstantin Päts.
 Amityville: The Final Chapter is the third installment of The Amityville Horror book series written by John G. Jones. Most of the book is believed to be fiction unrelated to the actual claims of the Lutz family.
 Nobody Knows My Name: More Notes of a Native Son is a collection of essays by the American author James Baldwin. The collection was published by Dial Press in July 1961 and like Notes of a Native Son Baldwin's first collection published 1955 it includes revised versions of several of his previously published essays as well as new material.
 Eric or Little by Little is a book by Frederic W. Farrar first edition 1858. It was published by Adam & Charles Black Edinburgh and London.The book deals with the descent into moral turpitude of a boy at a boarding school.
 The Two Deaths of Quincas Wateryell (A Morte e a Morte de Quincas Berro D'água) is a 1959 Brazilian Modernist novella by Jorge Amado. In 2012 it was republished in English as The Double Death of Quincas Water-Bray.
 Anarchism and Other Essays is a book by anarchist Emma Goldman first published in 1910 by Mother Earth Publishing Association.Contents of Anarchism and Other Essays include:Anarchism: What It Really Stands ForMinorities Versus MajoritiesThe Psychology of Political ViolencePrisons: A Social Crime and FailurePatriotism: A Menace to LibertyFrancisco Ferrer and The Modern SchoolThe Hypocrisy of PuritanismThe Traffic in WomenWoman SuffrageThe Tragedy of Woman's EmancipationMarriage and LoveThe Drama: A Powerful Disseminator of Radical Thought
 Jamayah: Adventures on the Path of Return is the first novel in the The Path of Return Trilogy series by T.L. Orcutt originally published in September 2005.
 The Dust of Death is a science fiction/mystery short story by Isaac Asimov that was first published in the January 1957 issue of Venture Science Fiction Magazine and reprinted in the 1968 collection Asimov's Mysteries.
 Up 'n' Under is a comedy by English playwright John Godber first staged at the Hull Truck Theatre in 1984. It won The Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Comedy that same year. The sequel Up 'n' Under II followed in 1985. Up and under is a tactical kick in rugby league in which the ball is kicked high and short onto or behind the defending team. This type of kick is usually made close to the opposition's tryline as an attacking play.
 Primary Inversion is a science fiction novel in the Saga of the Skolian Empire by Catherine Asaro. As Asaro's debut novel it first appeared as a hardcover in 1995. It was nominated for the 1996 Compton Crook/Stephen Tall Memorial Award and placed tenth on the list for the Locus Award for Best First Novel.
 Michael Moorcock's Multiverse is a twelve-issue comic book limited series published in 1997 as a part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix. It was later collected as a single edition graphic novel.
 Stones is a young-adult novel by the Canadian author William E. Bell centred on the stoning of a black Haitian woman in Ontario in the 19th century. The novel narrated by the teenage character Garnet Havelock explores the themes of racism religious intolerance and the debate between scientific reason and religious faith.The book has been positively reviewed as accessible and highly involving and appealing to a wide age of readers as well as being a suspenseful absorbing read.
 E Polis Milano is an Italian local newspaper owned by the San Marino-based publishing company E Polis and based in Milan Italy. Although it is not a free newspaper 70% of copies are distributed free near very busy locations like universities railway stations airports and shopping centers. The paper is also regularly sold at newsstands.
 Route 666 was a comic book series created by CrossGen Entertainment in July of 2002. It was CrossGen's first horror comic venture and contained a blend of action menace and humor. It ended at issue 22 in June of 2004 as part of CrossGen's bankruptcy.
 Brewster's Millions is a novel written by George Barr McCutcheon in 1902 originally under the pseudonym of Richard Greaves. It was adapted into a play in 1906 which opened at the New Amsterdam Theatre on Broadway and the novel or play has been adapted into films ten times three of which were produced in India.
 Tom Cruise: All the World's A Stage is an authorized biography of actor Tom Cruise written by British film critic Iain Johnstone. The book was first published by Hodder & Stoughton in a paperback format and an audiobook in 2006 and then again in a hardcover format on March 1 2007 and a second paperback release on May 1 2007.
 The First and Last Freedom is a book by Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895–1986) originally published 1954.
 A Day No Pigs Would Die is a 1972 coming-of-age autobiographical novel by Robert Newton Peck about a 13-year-old boy named Robert. It is Peck's first novel; the sequel A Part of the Sky was published in 1994.
 The Strategy Paradox is a business strategy book by author Michael E. Raynor who is the Distinguished Fellow with Deloitte Research. The Strategy Paradox was published in 2007 by Currency/Doubleday. It was named a top ten book of 2007 by BusinessWeek and a top five strategy book of 2007 by Strategy+Business.
 My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands is a best-selling book by Chelsea Handler that was released on May 12 2005 by Bloomsbury USA. The book is a collection of stories about the author's various one-night stands. The book was a success that helped her to launch her writing career and led to her second book Are You There Vodka? It's Me Chelsea.
 I'm Off (French: Je m'en vais) is a 1999 novel by the French writer Jean Echenoz. It is also known as I'm Gone. It received the Prix Goncourt.
 Nightmare in Wichita: The Hunt for the BTK Strangler by lawyer Robert Beattie is a nonfiction book about a serial killer in Wichita Kansas known as the BTK Strangler. The book debuted at No. 4 on The New York Times bestseller list upon its April 2005 release.Dennis Rader a city compliance officer and church council president working in Park City just north of Wichita was ultimately arrested charged and convicted of the crimes.
 The Wizard is a novel by H. Rider Haggard.
 The Waterless Sea is the second book in The Chanters of Tremaris Trilogy by Kate Constable.
 Strange Tales is the name of several comic book anthology series published by Marvel Comics. It introduced the features Doctor Strange and Nick Fury Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. and was a showcase for the science fiction/suspense stories of artists Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko and for the groundbreaking work of writer-artist Jim Steranko. Two previous unrelated pulp magazines also bore that title.
 Spider-Man: The Manga is a Japanese manga illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami which retold the story of Spider-Man in a Japanese setting. It was originally published in Japan from January 1970 to September 1971 in Monthly Shōnen Magazine.
 Book one of four in Stephen Baxter's alternate history and science fiction series Time's Tapestry.
 The Journal of Occupational Health Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by the American Psychological Association. It publishes research theory and public policy articles in occupational health psychology an interdisciplinary field representing a broad range of backgrounds interests and specializations.
 Wedding Preparations in the Country (German: Hochzeitsvorbereitungen auf dem Lande) is an incomplete work by Franz Kafka which depicts in great detail the journey of the groom Raban travelling to the country to meet his future wife Betty. Written between 1907 and 1908 three fragments with missing pages have survived and as with most of Kafka's work they were published after his death by his friend Max Brod. According to Brod Kafka's intention was to complete the story as a novel.
 The Admiral's Caravan is a novel by Charles E. Carryl written in 1891 and published by the Century Company of New York in 1892. It is one of many literary imitations inspired by Lewis Carroll's two books Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass.
 The Subatomic Monster [1985] is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov. It was the eighteenth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction these being first published between June 1983 and October 1984. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1985.
 Winning In Emerging Markets: A Roadmap for Strategy and Execution is a book written by Harvard Business School professors Tarun Khanna and Krishna Palepu. It was published in 2010 by Harvard Business School Press.
 The Mongoliad is a fictional narrative set in the Foreworld Saga a secret history transmedia franchise developed by the Subutai Corporation. The Mongoliad was originally released in a serialized format online and via a series of iOS and Android apps but was restructured and re-edited for a definitive edition released via the Amazon Publishing imprint 47North both in print and in Kindle format. Fan-submitted Foreworld stories are published via Amazon's Kindle Worlds imprint.
 Sankhyā: The Indian Journal of Statistics is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal on statistics published by the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI).It was established in 1933 by Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis founding director of ISI along the lines of Karl Pearson's Biometrika.
 The Otterbury Incident is a novel for children by Cecil Day-Lewis first published in 1948 with illustrations by Edward Ardizzone. Day-Lewis's second and final children's book the novel is an adaptation of a French screenplay Nous les gosses (Us Kids) which was filmed in 1941.The novel is set in the immediate post-World War II period in the fictional English small provincial town of Otterbury.
 My Kinsman Major Molineux is a short story written by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne in 1831. It first appeared in the 1832 edition of The Token and Atlantic Souvenir published by Samuel Goodrich. It later appeared in The Snow-Image and Other Twice-Told Tales a collection of short stories by Hawthorne published in 1852 by Ticknor Reed & Fields. The story exemplifies the darkest times of American development.
 The Long Valley is a collection of short stories written by the American author John Steinbeck. The collection was first published in 1938. It comprises 12 short stories.The short stories were written over several years and are set in Steinbeck's birthplace the Salinas Valley in California. They include the prize-winning tale The Murder; The Chrysanthemums the representation of lynch mob violence in the The Vigilante; and the classic Red Pony tales.
 The Columbia Basin Herald is the local newspaper for the high Columbia Basin Plateau area of Central Washington. It is based in Moses Lake Washington. The Columbia Basin Herald is published Monday through Friday and serves Grant and Adams counties in Central Washington. The communities they serve are Moses Lake Ephrata Othello Quincy Warden Soap Lake Coulee City Ritzville Lind and Crescent Bar.
 The Deadly Streets is a collection of short stories published by author Harlan Ellison in 1958. The stories explore the violent themes Ellison experienced as part of the street gang The Barons when he was researching Web of the City.
 The novel The Bladerunner (also published as The Blade Runner) is a 1974 science fiction novel by Alan E. Nourse.
 Solacers is a memoir written by American author Arion Golmakani published in 2012. The book told in first person perspective tells the story of an abandoned little boy growing up on the streets of Iran before the Iranian Revolution of 1979.
 Photonics Spectra is a monthly business-to-business (B2B) magazine published for the engineers scientists and end users who develop commercialize and buy photonic products.
 Nimettömiä lauluja is a 1918 poetry collection by Finnish poet Aaro Hellaakoski. The poems use satirical tones reflecting feelings of inadequacy and loneliness.
 Number One was a British magazine dealing with pop music. It ran for nine years mostly during the 1980s and was aimed at a mainly teenage market.
 Business Today is an Indian fortnightly business magazine published by Living Media India Limited in publication since 1992. It had a second quarter 2010 readership of 338000 per issue ninth among English-language magazines surveyed.
 The Reading Teacher is a peer-reviewed academic journal published eight times per year by Wiley-Blackwell. The editors-in-chief are Diane Barone (University of Nevada) and Marla Mallette (Southern Illinois University). The Reading Teacher is one of three journals published on behalf of the International Reading Association.
 Objectivism: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand is a 1991 book by philosopher Leonard Peikoff about the ideas of his mentor Ayn Rand. Peikoff describes it as the first comprehensive statement of Rand's Objectivist philosophy. The book is based on a series of lecture courses that Peikoff first gave in 1976 and that Rand publicly endorsed.
 Novy Vzglyad (Russian: Новый Взгляд literally New Look or New View) is a weekly newspaper published in Moscow Russia. It used to be well known for its commentaries on politics and social issues in the 1990s.
 The thirteenth book in the Stephanie Plum mystery series; which includes four novellas in addition to the nineteen chronologically titled novels. This book was released on June 19 2007.
 The Syndic is a 1953 science fiction novel by Cyril M. Kornbluth.
 Come Tell Me How You Live is a short book of autobiography and travel literature by crime writer Agatha Christie. It is one of only two books she wrote and had published under both of her married names of Christie and Mallowan (the other being Star Over Bethlehem and other stories) and was first published in the UK in November 1946 by William Collins and Sons and in the same year in the US by Dodd Mead and Company.
 The Magician's Elephant is the thirteenth book written by American author Kate Dicamillo. It was released on September 8 2009
 Gear is a 1969 character sketch written by Richard Goldstein that was one of a series first appearing in 1966 in the The Village Voice a weekly New York City newspaper started in 1955 that reports news and various subjects in pop culture. Similar to short stories character sketches in journalism became popular among 1960s writers and in this era focused on providing a realistic “picture of a type of person” but differed in that sketches did not tell stories of particular individuals.
 Beaufort-Hyde News is a weekly newspaper based in Belhaven North Carolina. The Coastal Observer was merged into the Beaufort-Hyde News in 1990.Cox Newspapers sold the paper to Cooke Communications in 2009.
 A Dictionary of Maqiao (Chinese: 马桥词典; pinyin: Mǎqiáo Cídiǎn) is a novel written by Chinese writer Han Shaogong. It was first published in 1996 and has been translated into English by Julia Lovell. Yazhou Zhoukan selected it as one of the top 100 greatest Chinese novels in the 20th century.Maqiao is a village in Hunan province China. This novel is written in the form of a dictionary or more accurately encyclopedia.
 Human Molecular Genetics first published in 1992 is a semimonthly peer reviewed scientific journal published by The Oxford University Press. The journal's focus is research papers on all topics related to human molecular genetics. In addition two special review issues are published each year.
 The Eye and the Finger is a collection of Fantasy Horror and Science fiction short stories by author Donald Wandrei. It was released in 1944 and was his first book published by Arkham House. 1617 copies were printed.The stories had appeared previously in Weird Tales Esquire Argosy Astounding Stories and other magazines. They were selected by the author and were the ones he considered to be his best at the time.
 Tomorrow and Tomorrow & The Fairy Chessmen is a 1951 collection of two science fiction novels by Lewis Padgett (pseudonym of Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore). It was first published by Gnome Press in 1951 in an edition of 4000 copies. Both the novels originally appeared in the magazine Astounding. P. Schuyler Miller placed the stories among the best of the kind [of] the van Vogtian tradition of ultra-involved mystification.
 The Greenville News is a daily morning newspaper published in Greenville South Carolina. Along with The State in Columbia and Charleston's Post and Courier it is one of the three largest papers in South Carolina.
 Lionel Asbo: State of England is a novel by the English author Martin Amis published in 2012.
 The House On The Cliff is the second book in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap. The book ranks 72nd on the Publishers Weekly's All-Time Bestselling Children's Book List in the United States with 1712433 copies sold as of 2001. This book is one of the Original 10 Hardy Boys books and is an excellent example of the writing style used by the Stratemeyer Syndicate's writers.
 Muhulane is the official monthly newspaper of Muhu Parish Estonia.
 Griftopia: Bubble Machines Vampire Squids and the Long Con That Is Breaking America is a 2010 book by the political journalist Matt Taibbi about the events that led to the financial crisis of 2008.It argues that the crisis was not an accident of the free market but the result of a complex and on-going politico-financial process taking place in the United States whereby wealth and power is transferred to a super-rich grifter class that holds a grip on the political process.
 Drammens Tidende is Norway's tenth largest newspaper with a circulation of 40954. Owned by Edda Media the newspaper convers central parts of Buskerud as well as Drammen with seven weekly issues. The newspaper was known as Drammens Tidende og Buskerud Blad from 1961 to 2000 after a merger between the old Drammens Tidende and Buskerud Blad.
 Different Seasons (1982) is a collection of four Stephen King novellas with a more serious dramatic bent than the horror fiction for which King is famous. The four novellas are tied together via subtitles that relate to each of the four seasons. The collection is notable for having had three of its four novellas turned into Hollywood films one of which The Shawshank Redemption was nominated for the 1994 Academy Award for Best Picture.
 Policy Studies Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization and the American Political Science Association's Public Policy Section. The journal was established in 1972. The current editor-in-chief is Chris Weible (University of Colorado Denver). The journal publishes articles on a wide range of public policy issues.
 Eclipse is a children's fantasy novel the fourth book in Erin Hunter's Warriors: Power of Three and was widely released on September 2 2008. It is the fourth book in the third six-book arc of the Warriors series. Like the three previous books in the series it centers on the grandchildren of the ThunderClan leader Firestar: Jaypaw Hollypaw and Lionpaw who have been blessed with extraordinary powers.
 The Cleveland Advocate is a weekly newspaper in northern Liberty County Texas USA established in 1917 nearly two decades before the City of Cleveland was incorporated. According to an article published in the 23 NOV 1917 issue of the Liberty Vindicator The Cleveland Advocate is the new addition to the Liberty county newspaper field.
 Three Months in the Southern States is a book written by Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Fremantle a member of Her Majesty's Coldstream Guards upon his return to England from his three-month stay (April 2 until July 16 1863) in the Confederate States of America.Most specifically mentioned in the book are Fremantle's travels through Texas the deep south and finally when he arrived in the company of the Army of Northern Virginia on June 27 and witnessed the Battle of Gettysburg firsthand as part of a cadre of foreign observers attached to the headquarters of Lt. 
 Adventist Today (OCLC 28194459) is a quarterly Christian magazine representing a progressive Seventh-day Adventist perspective. First published in 1993 it is currently (as of 2014) edited by J. David Newman the former editor of Ministry. It has offices in Sandy Oregon and at La Sierra University.
 Erkenntnis is a journal of philosophy that publishes papers in analytic philosophy. Its name is derived from the German word for knowledge recognition. The journal was founded by Hans Reichenbach and Rudolf Carnap in 1930 and circulated under its original title Erkenntnis in 1930-1938. Renamed The Journal of Unified Science (Erkenntnis) (1939-1940) and interrupted after the beginning of World War II in 1940. The journal was refounded by Wilhelm K. Essler Carl G.
 The Business of Dying is a novel written by Simon Kernick. His first novel Kernick introduces the character Dennis Milne who becomes the lead character in several novels. The story is a crime thriller which follows Milne a full-time police officer and part-time hitman whose targets turn out to be customs officers and an accountant. The novel was published in the United Kingdom in 2002 by Bantam and in the United States in 2003 by St.
 Indian Feudalism is a book by Indian professor Ram Sharan Sharma. The book analyses the practice of land grants which became considerable in the Gupta period and widespread in the post-Gupta period.
 Big Game Hunt is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1956. This story describes the efforts of an eccentric professor to study the electrical circuitry of the brain. After using his research to develop robotic creatures he then tries to use electrical stimulation of the brain to control the behavior of animals. The professor's work is discovered by a wildlife photographer who tries to exploit it to film a giant squid.
 African Film was just one of the many photo comics or look books that flooded English-speaking West Africa in the early post-colonial era. Catering to the new urban youth the series featured the mythical persona of Lance Spearman a.k.a. The Spear a black James Bond-like crime fighter as the central character. The character was portrayed by Jore Mkwanazi
 Waiting for Snow in Havana: Confessions of a Cuban Boy is a 2003 book by Carlos Eire and winner of the National Book Award for Nonfiction. The book is autobiographicalabout the author's experiences as part of Operation Peter Pan.
 Where is a series of magazines for tourists distributed at hotels convention centres regional malls and other tourist areas.
 The Stanford Chaparral (also known as the Chappie) is a humor magazine published by students of Stanford University since 1899.
 Gentleman Junkie and Other Stories of the Hung-Up Generation is an early collection of short stories by Harlan Ellison originally published in paperback in 1961. Most of the stories were written while Ellison was a draftee in the United States army between 1957 and 1959. These were sold to Rogue Magazine a pulp fiction magazine of the era.
 Hooray for Diffendoofer Day! is a children's book credited to Dr. Seuss with some help from Jack Prelutsky and Lane Smith. The book is based on verses and sketches created by Seuss before his death in 1991 and was expanded to book length and completed by writer Prelutsky and illustrator Smith for publication in 1998.The story surrounds a school that is well liked by its students notably because of its many eccentric teachers.
 Neuropsychiatric Disease and Treatment is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in psychiatry and neurology. The journal was established in 2005 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Artificial Life is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers the study of man-made systems that exhibit the behavioral characteristics of natural living systems. Its articles cover system synthesis in software hardware and wetware. Artificial Life was established in 1993 and is the official journal of the International Society of Artificial Life. It is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press.
 An Infamous Army is a novel by Georgette Heyer. In this novel Heyer combines her penchant for meticulously researched historical novels with her more popular period romances. So in addition to being a Regency romance it is one of the most historically accurate and vividly narrated descriptions of the Battle of Waterloo. An Infamous Army completes the sequence begun with These Old Shades and is also a sequel to Regency Buck.
 A Fratricide (German: Ein Brudermord) is a short story by Franz Kafka written between December 1916 and January 1917. It is one of Kafka's most realistically descriptive and graphically violent stories which tells the story of a murderer Schmar and his victim Wese. Although no clear motivation for the murder is given anywhere in the story it can be ascertained that the crime is a matter of jealous passion. Also there is no obvious indication that the two characters are actually brothers.
 A Simple Plan is a 1993 thriller novel by Scott Smith. The New York Times review said the book had emotional accuracy with an exceptionally skilled plot. A film adaptation directed by Sam Raimi was released in 1998; according to the Times review the novel is so dark that the story was adjusted to soften the ending.
 Alam Al Yawm (in Arabic عالم اليوم meaning The World of Today) is an Arabic newspaper published in Kuwait. The paper has an independent and moderate stance.
 Seaguy is a three-volume comic book miniseries written by Grant Morrison with art by Cameron Stewart and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. The first volume of Seaguy was released in three issues beginning on May 19 2004. The second volume Slaves of Mickey Eye was released in three issues beginning April 1 2009.
 Capricornia (1938) is a novel by Xavier Herbert. Like his later work considered by many a masterpiece the Miles Franklin Award winning Poor Fellow My Country it provides a fictional account of life in 'Capricornia' a place clearly modelled specifically on Australia's Northern Territory and to a lesser degree on tropical Australia in general (i.e. anywhere north of the Tropic of Capricorn) in the early twentieth century. It was written in London between 1930 and 1932.
 Madhouse: A Tragic Tale of Megalomania and Modern Medicine is a 2005 book by the psychiatric sociologist Andrew Scull which discusses the work of controversial psychiatrist Henry Cotton at Trenton State Hospital in New Jersey in the 1920s. Cotton became convinced that insanity was fundamentally a toxic disorder and he surgically removed body parts to try to improve mental health.
 Bloomberg Businessweek commonly and formerly known as BusinessWeek is a weekly business magazine published by Bloomberg L.P. Founded in 1929 the magazine was created to provide information and interpretation about what was happening in the business world. It is currently headquartered in New York City.
 Veja (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈveʒɐ] English: See) is a Brazilian weekly newsmagazine published in São Paulo and distributed throughout the country by the media conglomerate Grupo Abril. It is the leading weekly publication in the country and one of the most influential outlets of the Brazilian press.Veja publishes articles about politics economics culture behavior world events entertainment and wars. It treats subjects as technology ecology and religion with certain regularity.
 Outdoor Life is an outdoors magazine about hunting fishing survival and camping. It is a sister magazine of Field & Stream. Together with Sports Afield they are considered the Big Three of American outdoor publishing. Outdoor Life launched in Denver Colorado in January 1898. Founder and Editor-in-Chief (1898-1929) J.A. McGuire intended Outdoor Life to be a magazine for sportsmen written by sportsmen covering all aspects of the outdoor arena.
 The Journal of Biogeography is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in biogeography that was established in 1974. It covers aspects of spatial ecological and historical biogeography. The founding editor-in-chief was David Watts followed by John Flenley and Philip Stott (1987-2004). The current editor is Robert J. Whittaker (University of Oxford).
 Revolutionart (ISSN 2220-444X) is an international magazine about graphic design visual arts and lifestyle. Some of their contributors were Floria Sigismondi Mark Miremont Andrzej Dragan Matt Mignanelli Skew Siskin Jeremyville Mandy Lynn Oliviero Toscani Simone Legno Tino Soriano Lemmy Kilmister Paul Matthaeus and Justin Lassen.
 West Branch is an American literary magazine based at Bucknell University and published by the Stadler Center for Poetry. It was established in 1977 and publishes poetry fiction creative nonfiction and literary criticism. The editor-in-chief is G.C. Waldrep a former editor of the Kenyon Review. In addition to the print magazine West Branch also publishes West Branch Wired an online supplement featuring fiction poetry and interviews.
 AACN Nursing Scan in Critical Care was an critical care nursing journal published by NURSECOM Inc. for the American Association of Critical-Care Nurses.
 The FINANCIAL is a daily newspaper published by Intelligence Group llc in Georgia.The newspaper runs a global website in English and in Georgian.The FINANCIAL has a weekly official circulation of 10000 printed newspapers.
 The Desert Star Weekly (formerly the Desert Valley Star) is a community newspaper covering local news government arts and entertainment in the Palm Springs area of California.The business is located and published in Desert Hot Springs California as a weekly newspaper.In 2008 the Desert Valley Star was started as an online newsroom. Later that year it became a newsprint tabloid which soon merged with the American Free Journal a newsprint tabloid published since 1989.
 John Dies at the End is a comic horror novel written by David Wong that was first published online as a webserial beginning in 2001 then as an edited manuscript in 2004 and a printed paperback in 2007 published by Permuted Press. An estimated 70000 people read the free online versions before they were removed in September 2008. Thomas Dunne Books published the story with additional material as a hardcover on September 29 2009.
 The Eagles' Brood is a 1994 historical novel by Jack Whyte set in Post-Roman Britain. It is the third in Whyte's series The Camulod Chronicles. The novel develops the relationship between Merlyn and Uther as the two become military leaders of Camulod.
 AStA Wirtschafts- und Sozialstatistisches Archiv (German for AStA Economical and Social Statistics Archive) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of statistics published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media.It was established in 2007 and covers statistical analysis. Articles are in German with abstracts in both German and English. The journal evolved from the Allgemeines Statistisches Archiv established in 1890.
 SixDegrees is a monthly published free English language magazine in Finland. It focuses on multicultural events people matters and phenomena.
 Everyman is a modern play produced by Charles Frohman and directed by Ben Greet that is based on the medieval morality play of the same name. The modern play was first performed in 1901 in Britain and opened in the United States in 1902 on the Broadway stage. The play had a Broadway run of 75 performances with tours over the next several years that included four Broadway revivals.
 Senyu (戦勇。 Senyū) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Robinson Haruhara. It was adapted into an anime television series in 2013. A second season was announced for the summer of 2013.
 The Daily Mercury is the only daily newspaper serving the Mackay region in Queensland Australia and is published Monday to Saturday. The newspaper is printed by Mackay Printing and Publishing part of APN News & Media.The circulation of the Daily Mercury is 16045 Monday to Friday and 19839 on Saturday.The Daily Mercury website is part of the APN Regional News Network.
 The Guns of Normandy: A Soldier's Eye View France 1944 is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer George G. Blackburn first published in October 1995 by McClelland & Stewart. In the book the author renders a first hand account of the Normandy invasion from within the Canadian Forces. The narrative account was called gripping given in the most graphic and authentic detail.
 Alpha Girl is a five issue comic book series written by Jean-Paul Bonjour and Jeff Roenning. The series is published by Image Comics and began in February 2012. Roenning came up with the series after viewing an old billboard for a Debbie Gibson perfume with Bonjour comparing the main character of Judith to a female version of the Evil Dead franchise's resident hero Ash.
 A Storm of Swords is the third of seven planned novels in A Song of Ice and Fire a fantasy series by American author George R. R. Martin. It was first published on 8 August 2000 in the United Kingdom with a United States edition following in November 2000.
 69 Things to Do with a Dead Princess is an experimental novel by the British writer Stewart Home first published by Canongate in 2002. It tells the story of a suicidal man investigating a conspiracy theory about the death of Diana Princess of Wales with lots of explicit sex and philosophical discussions and was positively reviewed by The Times and the London Review of Books.
 A Political Romance is a 1759 novel by Laurence Sterne author of Tristram Shandy.The novel was the first work written by Sterne and it can be labelled a roman à clef or a cronique scandaleuse which were popular at the beginning of the 18th century. It can be considered a mock-epic allegory that describes a provincial squabble between a church-lawyer an archbishop and a Dean i.e. a Lilliputian satire on ecclesiastical politics in Sterne's York.
 The Potpourri a weekly newspaper covers the communities of Tomball and Magnolia which are located north west of Houston Texas. The publication publishes separate editions for each community. The communities are neighbors and span two counties: Harris and Montgomery counties. The publications have weekly circulations of more than 41500 and have a current estimated readership of 90000. The broadsheet publication is distributed free every Wednesday. The Potpourri is in its 23rd year.
 Cancer Chemotherapy and Pharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering oncological pharmacotherapy. It was established in 1978 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editors-in-chief are H. Newell (Newcastle University) and E.A. Sausville (University of Maryland). It has been MEDLINE and Pubmed indexed since its first issue.
 A Fool's Alphabet is a 1992 novel by author Sebastian Faulks.
 The Secret of the Lost Tunnel is Volume 29 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Andrew E. Svenson in 1950. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was shortened in 1968 resulting in two different stories with the same title.
 On Paradise Drive is the second book written by conservative and occasionally centrist New York Times commentator David Brooks released four years after his first book Bobos in Paradise. Using a similar style his second work seeks to make a connection between the oft-maligned material strivings of middle-class Americans and a more profound focus on one's future which he believes to be deeply ingrained in American society.
 Shatterglass a novel by Tamora Pierce is the fourth book in the The Circle Opens series. It takes place four years after the Circle of Magic series.
 Manalive (1912) is a book by G. K. Chesterton detailing a popular theme both in his own philosophy and in Christianity of the 'holy fool' such as in Dostoevsky's The Idiot and Cervantes' Don Quixote.
 Studies in Classic American Literature is a seminal work of literary criticism by the English writer D. H. Lawrence. It was first published by Thomas Seltzer in the USA in August 1923. The English edition was published in June 1924 by Martin Secker.The book is divided into twelve chapters. The authors discussed include Benjamin Franklin Hector St. John de Crevecoeur James Fenimore Cooper Edgar Allan Poe Nathaniel Hawthorne Richard Henry Dana Herman Melville and Walt Whitman.
 The Hoboken Chicken Emergency is a 1977 children's book by Daniel and Jill Pinkwater. It was adapted into a television movie in 1984.
 Take Back Your Government!: A Practical Handbook for the Private Citizen Who Wants Democracy to Work was an early work by Robert A. Heinlein. It was published in 1992 after his death in 1988.Originally entitled How to Be a Politician the book was written in 1946 but never found a publisher perhaps due to excess candor. Like so many of Heinlein's works he wrote what he knew.
 Ai-Ren ([愛人]) is a Japanese seinen manga series by Yutaka Tanaka.Ai-Ren is a departure from most of Tanaka's light-hearted slice-of-life stories in that there is a dark and philosophical sci-fi undertone to the whole story. He comments about this at the start of the story.Ai-Ren was serialized in the bi-weekly magazine Young Animal from June 1999 to May 2002. The chapters for this manga was collected into five tankōbon volumes released by Hakusensha.
 XRDS formerly Crossroads is the flagship academic magazine for student members of the Association for Computing Machinery or ACM. Issues focus on computer science topics and are published quarterly in both print and electronic forms. The magazine is distributed to tens of thousands of students worldwide. The full text of every issue is available online to ACM members through the ACM Digital Library with many articles selected by the editorial staff open to the general public.
 A Loyal Character Dancer is a book by Qiu Xiaolong. The book features Chief Inspector Chen Cao and his friend/sidekick Detective Yu. It was published in 2002.
 Cooking Papa (Japanese: クッキングパパ Hepburn: Kukkingu Papa) is seinen manga series written and illustrated by Tochi Ueyama. The series has been serialized in the Kodansha manga anthology Weekly Morning since 1985. Kodansha collects individual chapters into tankōbon volumes with the first one published on January 18 1986 and 127 volumes total as of April 16 2014 making it the fifth-longest manga series by number of volumes.
 The Post-Birthday World is a novel by Lionel Shriver published in 2007 some four years after her previous novel the award winning We Need To Talk About Kevin.
 Active Liberty: Interpreting Our Democratic Constitution is a 2005 book by United States Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer. The general theme of the book is that Supreme Court justices should when dealing with Constitutional issues keep active liberty in mind which Justice Breyer defines as the right of the citizenry of the country to participate in government. Breyer's thesis is commonly viewed as a liberal response to originalism a view espoused by Justice Scalia.
 The Villager formerly the Highland Villager is a Saint Paul Minnesota newspaper. It was founded in 1953 as the Highland Villager after Saint Paul's Highland Park neighborhood and is the oldest community newspaper in the Twin Cities.
 Paul is a 2005 play by Howard Brenton which portrays the life and career of Paul the Apostle. It was first performed in the Cottesloe auditorium of the National Theatre London from 30 September 2005 – 4 February 2006 in modern dress.The press night was postponed due to the exhaustion of Paul Rhys and his replacement by Adam Godley while the National received 200 letters of complaint even before opening night.
 The Complete Far Side: 1980–1994 is a set of two hard-cover books which contains the entire run of The Far Side comic strip by Gary Larson. The two volumes are presented in a slipcase. The collection contains more than 1100 comics that had not previously appeared in any other Far Side books.[citation needed] The comics are presented in chronological order by year of publication. The foreword was written by Steve Martin.
 The War We Never Fought: The British Establishment's Surrender to Drugs is the sixth book by British author and Mail on Sunday columnist Peter Hitchens first published in 2012.The book is intended as a rebuttal of what Hitchens sees as the widespread acceptance of drug use and the weakening of drug prohibition in Britain since the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 when a Conservative government adopted a Labour Party policy to implement the Wootton Report.
 Bergdorf Blondes was the début novel of Plum Sykes an English-born fashion writer and New York “it girl”. It was first published in the USA by Miramax Books and in Britain by Viking in 2004. Penguin published a paperback edition in 2005.Bergdorf Blondes was a quirky and highly successful example of “chick lit” selling more than a quarter of a million copies worldwide.
 The Devil in the Belfry is a satirical short story by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in 1839.
 Goodbye Columbus is a 1959 collection of fiction by the American novelist Philip Roth comprising the title novella Goodbye Columbus—which first appeared in The Paris Review—and five short stories.
 Al HaMishmar (Hebrew: על המשמר‎ lit. On Guard) was a daily newspaper published in Mandate Palestine and Israel between 1943 and 1995. The paper was owned by and affiliated with Hashomer Hatzair as well as the Hashomer Hatzair Workers Party of Palestine (Mapam after 1948).
 Human Rights Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1999. It publishes research articles about human rights from various disciplinary perspectives using diverse methodologies. In addition the journal welcomes pieces on human rights commentary from a practitioner's perspective as well as manuscripts concerning human rights education and research methods and resources.
 Fourth of July Picnic is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as The Labor Union Murder in the July 9 1957 issue of Look magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection And Four to Go published by the Viking Press in 1958.
 The Last Article (1988) is an alternate history short story by Harry Turtledove. The story describes a Nazi invasion of India and the reaction of the Germans to the nonviolent resistance and pacifism of Mohandas Gandhi and his followers.
 El Caribe ('The Caribbean') was a biweekly newspaper published from Roatán Honduras. El Caribe was founded on June 1 1918. It was edited by Tomás B. McField. Rafael Barahona Mejía was the director of El Caribe.
 Patent Pending is a short story written by Arthur C. Clarke which was first published in 1954. It was also published as The Invention. It later appeared in his collection of science fiction tall tales Tales from the White Hart.Patent Pending is a frame story purporting to recount a scientific tall tale told by a certain Harry Purvis at the (fictional) White Hart pub in London sometime in the 1950s during a discussion of literary censorship (at the expense of the censors).
 Chromatographia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Vieweg Verlag covering liquid and gas chromatography as well as electrophoresis and TLC.
 Biology Direct is an online open access scientific journal that publishes original peer-reviewed research papers and hypotheses in biology. The journal is published by BioMed Central.The journal follows a peer review system which is different from the traditional peer review system. Based on the information presented on their website: Biology Direct's key aim is to provide authors and readers with an alternative to the traditional model of peer review.
 Elements of International Law first published in 1836 is a book on international law by Henry Wheaton which has long been influential.
 Faking News originally started as a form of blog is an Indian news satire website that publishes fake news reports containing satire on politics and society of India. It is a critique of mainstream news media in India. The website also publishes occasional serious articles related to television journalism in India.
 Oroonoko is a short work of prose fiction by Aphra Behn (1640–1689) published in 1688 concerning the love of its hero an enslaved African in Surinam in the 1660s and the author's own experiences in the new South American colony.Behn worked for Charles II as a spy during the outset of the Second Dutch War ending up destitute when she returned to England and even spending time in a debtors' prison because Charles failed to pay her properly or at all.
 Going to Extremes is a non-fiction book by Joe McGinniss. It was first published in 1980. The book is about McGinniss' travels through Alaska for a year. The book became a best-seller.The Los Angeles Times called it a vivid memoir.McGinniss returned to the subject of Alaska in 2009 to write a biography about former Alaska governor Sarah Palin The Rogue: Searching for the Real Sarah Palin .
 Starman Jones is a 1953 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about a farm boy who wants to go to the stars. It was first published by Charles Scribner's Sons as part of the Heinlein juveniles series.
 ANKA (Turkish: ANKA Haber Ajansı) (formerly Vahit Anka or Vanka) is news agency based in Ankara Turkey established in 1972. Anka means phoenix in Turkish.
 Almagest is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes contributions evaluating scientific developments. Almagest addresses the philosophical assumptions behind scientific ideas and developments and the reciprocal influence between historical context and these phenomena. The journal is abstracted in the Philosophy Research Index STEP - Science and Technology in the European Periphery and LibTOC.
 The Cat's Pajamas: Stories (2004) is a collection of short stories by Ray Bradbury. Its name of its title story comes from a phrase in English meaning superlative. Another collection by the same name was published in the same year by fellow science-fiction author James Morrow.
 Trust Me is a collection of short stories by John Updike first published in 1987.
 Electromagnetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Taylor & Francis. It covers all aspects of electromagnetics and elctromagnetic materials. The editor-in-chief is H. Y. David Yang (University of Illinois at Chicago).
 City on a Hill Press originally launched in 1966 as The Fulcrum is the weekly student newspaper of the University of California Santa Cruz. Designed as a magazine the weekly tabloid-sized paper releases new issues every Thursday of the fall winter and spring academic quarters as well as a back-to-school issue entitled Primer at the end of the summer session for a total of 30 issues per school year.
 Letter from an Unknown Woman (Brief einer Unbekannten) is a novella by Stefan Zweig. Published in 1922 it tells the story of an author who while reading a letter written by a woman he does not remember gets glimpses into her life story.
 The Other is the 40th book in the Animorphs series ghostwritten by Gina Gascone (as K. A. Applegate). It is narrated by Marco.
 Kul al-Arab (Arabic: كل العرب‎ meaning All Arabs) is an Israeli Arabic-language weekly newspaper founded in 1987. Based in Nazareth the paper is Israel's most influential and widely read Arabic-language periodical. It is also distributed in the West Bank. Kul al-Arab has 70 employees and a circulation of 38000.
 Hana Hou! is an American bi-monthly English language inflight magazine.
 Little Archie was a comic book published by Archie comics from 1956 until the mid-1990s lasting 140 issues. Little Archie #1 is considered to be scarce by the Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide (only 20-100 copies exist).
 Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a juvenile fiction novel by Brandon Sanderson published in October 2007 by Scholastic Press. The book is named after its main character Alcatraz Smedry.
 The Great Roxhythe is a novel written by Georgette Heyer. The book opens in 1668 & closes in 1685 and concerns the misadventures of a fictional spy loyal to Charles II.
 Briar Rose is a young adult novel written by American author Jane Yolen published in 1992. The book was published as part of the Fairy Tale Series Sleeping Beauty of novels compiled by Terri Windling. The book won the annual Mythopoeic Society Fantasy Award for Adult Literature in 1993. It was also nominated for the Nebula Award.
 Compensation & Benefits Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers in the field of labor relations. The editor-in-chief is Howard Risher. It was established in 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale is a novel by Joseph Conrad published in 1907. The story is set in London in 1886 and deals largely with the life of Mr. Verloc and his job as a spy. The Secret Agent is also notable as it is one of Conrad's later political novels which move away from his typical tales of seafaring. The novel deals broadly with the notions of anarchism espionage and terrorism.
 The Colossus of Maroussi is an impressionist travelogue by Henry Miller which was first published in 1941 by Colt Press of San Francisco. Set in pre-war Greece of 1939 it is ostensibly a characterization of the Colossus of the title George Katsimbalis a poet and raconteur. The work is frequently heralded as Miller's best.
 Berkeley Studies (Berkeley Newsletter until December 2007) is an annual on-line academic journal established in 1977. It publishes scholarly articles on anything related to George Berkeley. The journal also gives news of the last events in Berkeley scholarship: book reviews information about coming pertinent conferences and abstracts from reports delivered at such conferences.
 The Partners: Inside America's Most Powerful Law Firms (1983) is a bestselling book by James B. Stewart. The book is a product of two years of investigation of the role of prominent law firms in society. The book describes and discusses several famous cases. There have been five editions of the book as of 2008.
 50 Reasons to Hate the French: Vive La Difference? is a humorous book by Jules Eden and Alex Clarke that takes an irreverent look at French politics food geography business and history in order to delineate just what makes France so exceptionnel. Published in London on August 3 2006 by Quetzal Publishing it has since been released in the USA by Ivan R.
 Red Iron Nights is the sixth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 Le Grand Meaulnes (pronounced: [lə ɡʁɑ̃ moln] French for Meaulnes the Great) is the only novel by French author Alain-Fournier. Fifteen-year-old François Seurel narrates the story of his relationship with seventeen-year-old Augustin Meaulnes as Meaulnes searches for his lost love. Impulsive reckless and heroic Meaulnes embodies the romantic ideal the search for the unobtainable and the mysterious world between childhood and adulthood.
 Social Science & Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering social science research on health including anthropology economics geography psychology social epidemiology social policy sociology and health care practice policy and organization. It was established in 1967 and is published by Elsevier.
 Batman: The Killing Joke is a one-shot superhero graphic novel written by Alan Moore and drawn by Brian Bolland. It was first published by DC Comics in 1988 and has remained in print since then having also been reprinted as part of the trade paperback DC Universe: The Stories of Alan Moore.
 The Shadow Out of Time is a novella by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft. Written between November 1934 and February 1935 it was first published in the June 1936 issue of Astounding Stories.
 A Greek–English Lexicon is a standard lexicographical work of the Ancient Greek language.
 International Security is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of international and national security. It was founded in 1976 and is edited by the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard University and published four times a year by MIT Press both of Cambridge MA.According to the 2013 Journal Citation Reports it is one of the most cited publications in the field of international relations with an impact factor of 2.739.
 Resurrecting Ravana is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Tagline: A dark evil is rising.
 An Introduction to Zen Buddhism is a non-fiction book on Zen Buddhism written by Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki published in 1934 in Kyoto by the Eastern Buddhist Society. Soon published in other nations and languages with an added preface by Carl Jung the book has come to be regarded as one of the most influential books on Zen in the West.
 Torture the Artist published as Vincent outside of the US is a novel by Joey Goebel published in 2004.
 Portal – Libraries and the Academy portal: Libraries and the Academy is an academic journal established in 2001. It focuses on the role of libraries within the academy addressing topics related to information technology library administration and the place of the library in an institution’s educational and research mission. It is particularly given to exploration of the effects of technology on scholarship.
 The Kiln is a novel by William McIlvanney published in 1996.
 Danchi Tomoo (団地ともお) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Tobira Oda. An anime adaptation was announced in January 2013 and began running in April.
 Điện Biên Phủ is a 2006 manga by Daisuke Nishijima.
 Pöörane Villemiine is a novel by Estonian author Raivo Seppo. It was first published in 2003.
 Saltego trans Jarmiloj (Leap across the millennia) is the second novel originally written in Esperanto by Jean Forge. It appeared in 1924 (192 pages). It is a fantasy whose characters are transported out of our time into a past epoch. Written in a simple lively style it - despite its humor and other attractions - does not reach the level of Forge's first novel Abismoj.
 Evolution is a collection of short stories that work together to form an episodic science fiction novel by author Stephen Baxter. It follows 565 million years of human evolution from shrewlike mammals 65 million years in the past to the ultimate fate of humanity (and its descendants both biological and non-biological) 500 million years in the future.
 The Hammonton Gazette is the local weekly newspaper of Hammonton New Jersey. It was founded in 1997 by the then-23-year-old Gabriel J. Donio and is owned by The Hammonton Gazette Inc. The first print edition was published on July 2 1997. Gabriel J. Donio is the owner and publisher of The Gazette. Gina L. Rullo is the editor-in-chief. The Gazette staff consists of approximately 30 people. Each Wednesday the newspaper is distributed though Hammonton and the surrounding area.
 King of the Khyber Rifles is a novel by British writer Talbot Mundy. Captain Athelstan King is a secret agent for the British Raj at the beginning of the First World War. Heavily influenced both by Mundy's own unsuccessful career in India and by his interest in theosophy it describes his adventures among the (mostly Muslim) tribes of the north with the mystical woman adventuress Yasmini and the Turkish mullah Muhammed Anim. The Khyber Rifles was and is an actual regiment.
 The Cincinnati Volksfreund was a daily and weekly German-language newspaper based in Cincinnati Ohio and published between 1850 and 1908. The newspaper's offices were located on the southwest corner of Vine and Longworth streets.The paper was founded in October 1850 by Joseph A. Hemann and his editorials began appearing in March 1853 in the weekly edition called the Cincinnati Wöchentlicher Volksfreund.
 The Lucinda Pierce Mystery series by American non-fiction author and novelist Diane Fanning debuted in 2008 with The Trophy Exchange. The four-part series released by Severn House in the UK and US features Virginia Homicide Detective Lucinda Pierce as she follows the evidence and investigates murders.
 Fyne Times is a UK based free gay and lesbian magazine with five regional editions that was established in September 2001.
 The Sharks (Norwegian: Haiene) is a novel written by Norwegian author Jens Bjørneboe between 1973 and 1974 and originally published by Gyldendal Norsk Forlag in 1974. It is an allegorical sea story and was his last work. The external action takes place aboard the bark Neptune which is on its way from Manila to Marseille via Rio de Janeiro. The year is 1899 and it is also a voyage into the new century.
 Rumpole on Trial is a 19 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole. They were adapted from his scripts for the TV series of the same name.The stories were:Rumpole and the Children of the Devil Rumpole and the Eternal TriangleRumpole and the Family PrideRumpole and the Miscarriage of JusticeRumpole and the Reform of Joby JonsonRumpole and the SoothsayerRumpole on Trial↑
 Martin Rivas is an 1862 novel by Alberto Blest Gana (1830–1920) and is widely acknowledged as the first Chilean novel. The novel is at once a passionate love story and an optimistic representation of Chilean nationhood. Written shortly after a decade of civil conflict it is an indispensable source for understanding politics and society in nineteenth-century Chile.
 The Last Hawk is a 1997 science fiction novel by Catherine Asaro. The novel is an installment in the Saga of the Skolian Empire series and details the life of Kelricson Garlin Valdoria Skolia during his eighteen years of imprisonment on the planet CobaIt was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1998.
 Scientology: A History of Man is a book by L. Ron Hubbard first published in 1952 under the title What To Audit. According to the author it provides a coldblooded and factual account of your last sixty trillion years. It has gone through many editions since its first publication and is a key text of the Church of Scientology.
 Phantastes: A Faerie Romance for Men and Women is a fantasy novel written by George MacDonald first published in London in 1858. It was later reprinted in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fourteenth volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in April 1970.The story centres on the character Anodos (ascent in Greek) and takes its inspiration from German Romanticism particularly Novalis.
 Beyblade: Metal Fusion also known as Metal Fight Beyblade (メタルファイトベイブレード Metaru Faito Beiburēdo) is a Japanese manga created by Takafumi Adachi serialized in Shogakukan's monthly magazine CoroCoro Comic between September 2008 and February 2012.The manga inspired an anime production named Beyblade: Metal Saga which encompasses four seasons: Metal Fusion Metal Masters Metal Fury and Shogun Steel. This anime was produced by Tatsunoko Pro and SynergySP and co-produced by Nelvana.
 The Gutenberg Galaxy: The Making of Typographic Man is a 1962 book by Marshall McLuhan in which he analyzes the effects of mass media especially the printing press on European culture and human consciousness.
 Storm is a soft science fiction/fantasy comic book series originally (and for most albums) drawn by Don Lawrence. The series is primarily available in Dutch although all the books are translated in English and German and some in French Italian Spanish Portuguese Polish Danish Finnish Greek Croatian Serbian Bosnian and Indonesian.
 The Rise and Fall of Little Voice is a 1992 play written by English dramatist Jim Cartwright.
 Something Breathing is a collection of poems by Stanley McNail. It was released in 1965 by Arkham House in an edition of 500 copies. It was the author's only book to be published by Arkham House. The book was printed in England by Villiers for Arkham House and is bound in green cloth rather than the distinctive gold printing on black binding of most Arkham House publications.
 When The Legends Die is both a novel by Hal Borland and a film released by Twentieth Century-Fox.
 Hyperion is a novel by Friedrich Hölderlin first published in 1797 (Volume 1) and 1799 (Volume 2). The full title is Hyperion oder Der Eremit in Griechenland (Hyperion or The Hermit in Greece).The work is composed of letters from Hyperion to his friend Bellarmin along with a few letters between Hyperion and his love Diotima. It is set in Greece and deals with invisible forces conflicts beauty and hope. The novel deals with young Greeks fighting to gain Greek independence.
 Ehmm Theory is a comic book series created by writer Brockton McKinney with art by Larkin Ford and published by Action Lab Comics. It is the story of Gabriel Ehmm an unassuming young man who discovers he is linked to the access of alternative universes by blood. Together he and his talking kitten Mr. Whispers attempt to discover their true origins and shape the path of their future. The series is a bi-monthly ongoing and began in May 2013 to critical acclaim.
 For the film adaptation see The Chocolate War (film).The Chocolate War is a young adult novel by American author Robert Cormier. First published in 1974 it was adapted into a film in 1988. Although it received mixed reviews at the time of its publication some reviewers have argued it is one of the best young adult novels of all time. Set at Trinity School a fictional Catholic high school the story primarily follows Jerry Renault as he challenges the school's cruel and ugly mob rule.
 Commodore Disk User also referred to as CDU was a magazine for the Commodore range of computers including the Commodore 64 Commodore 128 and Commodore Plus/4. Each issue had a cover mounted disk containing software.
 Plantae Asiaticae Rariores is a work (alternative title Descriptions and figures of a select number of unpublished East Indian plants) published in 1830–1832 by the Danish botanist Nathaniel Wallich.This work was published in London Paris and Strassburg between 1829 and 1832 and consisted of 3 volumes bound from the 12 original parts in folio size (21½ × 14½ inches) with 294 hand-coloured plates lithographed by Maxim Gauci.
 The Five Star Stories (ファイブスター物語 Faibu Sutā Monogatari) is a manga series created by Mamoru Nagano building on his work on the anime series Heavy Metal L-Gaim.The story is staged at an alien cluster of four major planetary systems. The God of Light Amaterasu the immortal emperor of the Grees Kingdom on the planet Delta Belune is destined to rule the whole Joker System.
 Leaving Home: A Collection of Lake Wobegon Stories is a short story anthology written by Garrison Keillor a humorous fictional account of life in small-town Minnesota set in the fictitious heartland town of Lake Wobegon. It was first published in hardcover by Viking Penguin Inc. in 1987.The book is a collection of thirty-six of the author's News from Lake Wobegon monologues from his radio program A Prairie Home Companion slightly revised for print publication.
 SD Gundam Mushamaruden (SD頑駄無 武者○伝 lit. SD Gundam: Legend of Mushamaru) is a multi-part SD Gundam manga a spinoff from the popular Gundam anime. It is authored by Masato Ichishiki. It is among a yearly run of SD Gundam stories being the title for 2001-2003.
 This article is about the newspaper. 24 Timer is the Danish title of the American TV series 24.24timer (literally 24hours) is a Danish free daily newspaper published by MetroXpress which began distribution on August 17 2006.The newspaper is officially distributed in selected areas in some of the largest cities of Denmark (Metropolitan Copenhagen Århus Aalborg Esbjerg Kolding Vejle and Odense). [1] However distribution of the newspaper has been reported as lacking in a number of places.
 The Secret History of the Mongol Queens: How the Daughters of Genghis Khan Rescued His Empire is a 2010 book by Jack Weatherford about the impact and legacy of Genghis Khan's daughters and Mongol queens such as Mandukhai the Wise and Khutulun.
 Vampirium is the twenty-seventh book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 The Disinherited is a proletarian novel written by Jack Conroy. It was published in 1933. Conroy wrote it initially as nonfiction but editors insisted he fictionalize the story for better audience reception. The novel explores the 1920s and 30s worker experience through the eyes of Larry Donovan.
 The Adventures of Alyx is a 1976 collection of feminist science fiction stories by Joanna Russ.It is composed of five stories: Bluestocking (1967 as The Adventuress in Orbit 2) begins in the fantasy city of Ourdh. Alyx is hired by a young noblewoman to help the latter escape from an arranged marriage. I Thought She Was Afeard Till She Stroked My Beard (1967 as I Gave Her Sack and Sherry in Orbit 2) describes Alyx's escape from an abusive marriage to become a pirate.
 Skyroads a serialized aviation-based comic strip was published from 1929 to 1942.After Charles Lindbergh's crossing of the Atlantic Ocean aviation became the focus of several comic strips. Tailspin Tommy was the first but it was soon followed by others including Skyroads.Skyroads was created by aviation pioneer Lester J. Maitland and Lt. Dick Calkins an ex-Army Air Service pilot who later drew the Buck Rogers comic strip.
 The Trial of Lucullus is a short didactic radio play by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht written in verse. In it the great Roman general Lucullus appears after death before a judge and jury of the underworld who are to decide whether he should be condemned to Hades or admitted to the Elysian fields. The jury representing the lower classes allows Lucullus to call as witnesses portrayed on a triumphal frieze.
 Invaders from Rigel is a science fiction novel by Fletcher Pratt. It was first published in hardcover by Avalon Books in 1960. The first paperback edition was issued by Airmont Books in January 1964 and reprinted in December 1972 May 1973 January 1976 and at least one later occasion. The novel has also been translated into Italian.
 The Miracle of the Rose (in French: Miracle de la rose) is a 1946 book by Jean Genet about experiences as a detainee in Mettray Penal Colony and Fontevrault prison - although there is no direct evidence of Genet ever having been imprisoned in the latter establishment. This autobiographical work has a non-linear structure: stories from Genet's adolescence are mixed in with his experiences as a thirty-year-old man at Fontevrault prison.
 Housaper (Armenian: Յուսաբեր IPA: [husɑˈpʰɛɾ husɑˈbɛɾ]) is an Armenian language daily published in Cairo Egypt.It was established in 1915 and until 1926 was published three times a week before becoming a daily published on weekdays. In 1923 it became an official organ of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (Dashnaktsutyun) in Egypt. Some of the editors in chief of the paper were S. Bartevian S Yesayan V. Navasartian K. Lazian G. Goganyan S Bayramian and Z. Lylozian.
 How We Decide is a 2009 book by journalist Jonah Lehrer that provides biological explanations of how people make decisions and offers suggestions for making better decisions. It is published as The Decisive Moment: How the Brain Makes Up Its Mind in the United Kingdom.On March 1 2013 following revelations that Lehrer has been caught in numerous falsifications in his œuvre of writings Houghton Mifflin Harcourt announced the book was taken off sale after an internal review.
 The Business of Murder is a British play that ran for seven years in the West End.
 The Alice B. Toklas Cook Book first published in 1954 is one of the bestselling cookbooks of all time. Written by Alice B. Toklas writer Gertrude Stein's life partner Toklas wrote this book as a favor to Random House to make up for her unwillingness at the time to write her memoirs in deference to Stein's 1933 book about her The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas.
 For the system based on the teachings of G. I. Gurdjieff see Fourth Way.The Fourth Way (1957) is a book about the Fourth Way system of self-development as introduced by Greek-Armenian philosopher G.I. Gurdjieff and is a compilation of the lectures of P. D.
 The Godfather is a crime novel written by Italian American author Mario Puzo originally published in 1969 by G. P. Putnam's Sons. It details the story of a fictitious Mafia family based in New York City (and Long Beach New York) headed by Don Vito Corleone who became synonymous with the Italian Mafia.
 Pecong is a 1990 play by American playwright Steve Carter. Set well in the past on a fictional Caribbean island the play tells the story of a sorceress who falls madly in love with a shallow womanizer.
 Gent Magazine is a pornographic magazine published by the Magna Publishing Group which also publishes Swank Genesis Velvet and many other popular men’s magazines. It has a theme of women with large breasts and is subtitled Home of the D-Cups.Begun in 1957 by Excellent Publications Inc. as The Gent it was one of a number of skin magazine startups at the time aimed at male readers in imitation of Playboy and hoping for similar success.
 Wolf-Speaker is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the second in a series of four books The Immortals. This book details the journey of Veralidaine Sarrasri as she learns more about her wild magic and her journey to Dunlath to help the wolves only to find there is a bigger and more dangerous plot afoot.
 Amongst Women is a novel by the Irish writer John McGahern (1934–2006). McGahern's best known novel it is also considered his masterpiece.Published by Faber and Faber the novel tells the story of Michael Moran a bitter ageing Irish Republican Army (IRA) veteran and his tyranny over his wife and children who both love and fear him. It was shortlisted for the 1990 Booker Prize and won The Irish Times/Aer Lingus Literary Award in 1991.
 Ole Doc Methuselah is a collection of science fiction short stories by American writer L. Ron Hubbard published in 1970.
 Magical × Miracle is a Japanese shōjo manga series created by Yuzu Mizutani. It was serialized in Ichijinsha's Monthly Comic Zero Sum manga magazine between May 2002 and March 2006 and was collected into six bound volumes. The English version is available in North America from Tokyopop.
 The Thing on the Doorstep is a short story written by H. P. Lovecraft part of the Cthulhu Mythos universe of horror fiction. It was written in August 1933 and first published in the January 1937 issue of Weird Tales.
 The Various is a children's fantasy novel written and illustrated by Steve Augarde published in 2003. It is the first book of the Touchstone Trilogy which continues with Celandine and Winter Wood. The trilogy tells the story of the hidden tribes of little people who live in a tangled forest on a hill in Somerset and their interactions with the children at the farm on whose land the hill stands.
 The Dragnet Solar Pons et al. is a collection of detective short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 2011 by Battered Silicon Dispatch Box. It is a collection of Derleth's Solar Pons stories which are pastiches of the Sherlock Holmes tales of Arthur Conan Doyle. These are the original versions of the stories as they appeared in Dragnet magazine Detective Trails magazine Gangster Stories magazine and original unpublished manuscripts.
 Address: Centauri is a science fiction novel by author F. L. Wallace. It was published in 1955 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies. The novel is an expansion of Wallace's story Accidental Flight which first appeared in the magazine Galaxy Science Fiction in 1952.
 The Other Side of the Rainbow: The Autobiography of the Voice of Clannad is Máire Brennan's (Moya Brennan) 2001 autobiographical account of her life up until 2000. In the book Brennan gives a details and full account of her life and musical success.
 Kin-iro Mosaic (きんいろモザイク Kin'iro Mozaiku lit. Golden Mosaic) also known by the abbreviation Kinmoza! (きんモザ) is a Japanese 4-panel manga written and illustrated by Yui Hara. The series began serialization in Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara Max magazine from June 2010. A 12-episode anime adaptation by Studio Gokumi aired in Japan between July and September 2013 and a second season has been announced.
 Monagheseh Newspaper was established in Tehran May 31 2004 and had grown rapidly.In the Persian language Monagheseh means Tender and this newspaper work on all Iranian tenders specially.You can see the site of this newspaper as follow : Iranian Tender Site you can find tenders that has been issued by the official government agent
 The Atlas of Victorian Birds is a bird atlas published in 1987 covering the distribution of birds in the Australian state of Victoria.
 Koha Jonë (English: Our Time) is a newspaper published in Albania and published in Albanian. Koha Jonë is a politically unaffiliated daily newspaper published in Tirana. Reportedly it writes from a right-wing bias and the newspaper has a critical attitude towards daily events in Albania. Koha Jonë had a nationwide daily circulation of approximately 7833 copies in 2002 and is available online.
 Middle East Policy is an academic peer-reviewed journal on the Middle East region in the field of foreign policy founded in 1982 published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Middle East Policy Council. Its current editor is Anne Joyce Vice President of MEPC.The journal was previously published by Blackwell Publishing before it was acquired by John Wiley & Sons.
 Heart Full of Soul: An Inspirational Memoir About Finding Your Voice and Finding Your Way is an autobiography of American Idol 2006 winner Taylor Hicks. In August 2006 it was announced that Hicks received $750000 (USD) to write a memoir of his life. The book will be ghostwritten by Rolling Stone writer David Wild. It is slated for release on July 10 2007. The title is derived from the song Heart Full of Soul by The Yardbirds.
 The Final Count was the fourth Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1926 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper. 
 Behavioral Ecology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Society for Behavioral Ecology. The journal was established in 1990.
 The Myth of the Rational Voter: Why Democracies Choose Bad Policies is a 2007 book written by Bryan Caplan challenging the notion that voters are reasonable people that society can trust to make laws. Rather Caplan contends that voters are irrational in the political sphere and have systematically biased ideas concerning economics.
 The Heretic's Apprentice is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in June 1143. It is the 16th novel in the Cadfael Chronicles and was first published in 1989 (1989 in literature).A returning pilgrim from the Holy Land brings a dowry gift and mind fresh with ideas leading to charges of heresy and a murder in his household at the time for celebrating the translation of Saint Winifred's bones to Shrewsbury Abbey.
 The Pittsburgh Journal of Environmental and Public Health Law is a journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at University of Pittsburgh School of Law focusing on environmental law and public health. The journal was founded in 2006 and is published annually with past available online.
 The American Journal of Sexuality Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2005 and published by Routledge. It publishes articles on current research programmatic overviews resource reviews and other articles related to sex education. The journal is edited by William J. Taverner and is an official journal of the American Association of Sexuality Educators Counselors and Therapists.
 Ami (Hebrew: עמי‎ My nation) is an Orthodox Jewish newsmagazine published weekly in New York and Israel. The magazine was launched by the husband-wife team of Rabbi Yitzchok Frankfurter and Rechy Frankfurter former editors at Mishpacha. Since its debut in November 2010 it has become one of the three leading magazines in the New York Orthodox community alongside Mishpacha and Binah.
 Asian Fortune is an Asian American interest English language newspaper published in the Washington D.C. Metropolitan Area. Founded in 1993 its circulation is 35000 with 800 outlets in the region. It claims to be the only English language newspaper serving the entire Asian American community including East Asians South East Asians and South Asians. The newspaper's focus and tone is Pan-Asianism.
 Marketing is a Canadian business magazine about marketing advertising and media.
 The Portland Alliance is a free monthly newspaper in Portland Oregon. The newspaper is the primary project of a non-profit organization the Northwest Alliance for Alternative Media and Education (NAAME).
 L'Express (literally The Express) is a Swiss regional French-language daily newspaper published in Neuchâtel. Founded in 1738 it is the [citation needed]The newspaper is published by Société Neuchâteloise de Presse SA which also publishes the French-language daily newspaper L'Impartial (English: The Impartial) in La Chaux-de-Fonds.
 Wild Solutions: How Biodiversity is Money in the Bank is a 2001 book by biologists Andrew Beattie and Paul R. Ehrlich. The authors explain the value of wild solutions to technical and medical problems that may reside in the diversity of the Earth's estimated 5 to 10 million species. Beattie and Ehrlich describe the role of natural substances in medicine pest control and manufacturing. The book won a National Outdoor Book Award in 2001.A second edition came out in 2004.
 The Salford Advertiser incorporates what once was the Salford City Reporter and has a circulation of 88614. It is published on Thursdays. It was published by Manchester Evening News Media Ltd.
 The King of The Copper Mountains is a children's novel by Paul Biegel and was originally published as Het Sleutelkruid in the Netherlands in 1965 where it won the Gouden Griffel the award for the best children's book of the year. An English translation by the author with illustrations by Gilliam Hume was published in 1968 by J. M. Dent. It was reprinted by Franklin Watts in 1969 by Collins Armada in 1971 1973 and 1989 and by Fontana Lions in 1980 and 1987.
 Foundations and Trends in Theoretical Computer Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes long survey and tutorial articles in the field of theoretical computer science. It was established in 2005 and is published by Now Publishers. The founding editor-in-chief is Madhu Sudan (Microsoft Research).
 The Lone Star Ranger is a Western novel published by Zane Grey in 1915. It follows the life of Buck Duane a man who becomes an outlaw and then redeems himself in the eyes of the law.
 A Dubious Legacy (1992) is a novel written by the British author Mary Wesley. The story takes place in the West Country England from 1944 to 1990. It concerns the tragic and bizarre marriage of the Tillotsons and their relationship with two young couples who keep visiting them throughout the years.
 The Southern Brazilian Journal of Chemistry (ISSN 0104-5431 CODEN SBJCEO) is a Brazilian scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1993 by Lavinel G. Ionescu at the Instituto de Química Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul Porto Alegre who is also chief editor.
 The Loveday Honour is the fifth book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
 Chop Shop is a crime novel by the American writer Tim Downs.This thriller features Nick “Bug Man” Polchak a forensic entomologist who deduces clues to murders based on evidence left by insects on the victims. Dr. Riley McKay of the Allegheny County coroner's office is suspicious when analyzing several corpses.
 Cycle of the Werewolf is a short horror novel by Stephen King featuring illustrations by comic book artist Bernie Wrightson. Each chapter is a short story unto itself. It tells the story of a werewolf haunting a small town as the moon turns full once every month.
 Marine Drugs is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal publishing reviews and regular research papers on the research development and production of therapeutic agents from marine natural products. It is published by MDPI and was established in 2003. The editor-in-chief is Alejandro M. Mayer (Midwestern University).
 The Coming China Wars: Where They Will Be Fought How They Can Be Won is a book by Peter Navarro published by FT Press in (2006). Navarro examines China as an emerging world power confronting challenges at home and abroad as it struggles to exert itself in the global market. He also investigates how China's role in international commerce is creating conflicts with nations around the world over energy natural resources the environment intellectual property and other issues.
 Jeremy Thatcher Dragon Hatcher is a novel by Bruce Coville and is part of the Magic Shop Books. It was first released in 1991 by Harcourt Brace Jovanovich/Jane Yolen Books and later was reissued in paperback by Aladdin. Fifteen years later it was rereleased in by Harcourt in an new edition.
 A Darkness at Sethanon is the third and final book in The Riftwar Saga. It describes how Murmandamus a new prince of the Dark Brotherhood marshals the forces of the Moredhel and invades the kingdom with the intent of finding the Lifestone a powerful relic with which he will be able to destroy every living thing in the world so as to resurrect the Valheru Lords of old. Only Pug and Tomas can stop this new evil thereby ending the Riftwar.
 Psychic News was a weekly British Spiritualist newspaper that was in publication from 1932 to 2010. It was revived in December 2011.
 No Treason is a composition of three essays: No.1 (1867) No.2: The Constitution (1867) and No. 6: The Constitution of no Authority (1867) (no more versions were made between No. 2 and No.6) under the authorship of Lysander Spooner. Lawyer by training strong abolitionist radical thinker and anarchist Spooner wrote these specific pamphlets in order to express his discontent with the state and its driving power the U.S. Constitution.
 Esprit de Corps is a Canadian military magazine operating out of Ottawa Ontario by publisher and former soldier Scott Taylor. The magazine reports on Canadian and international military issues politics military history and current events. Esprit de Corps was originally designed to be an in-flight reading magazine in 1988 for passengers on Canadian Forces aircraft. Each issue features On Target an article written by Scott Taylor about current events.
 The Wretched Stone is a children's picture book written and illustrated by the American author Chris Van Allsburg.
 The Centurion was a conservative magazine focused on Rutgers the State University of New Jersey. Its motto is veritas vos liberabit which is Latin for the truth shall set you free. The magazine attempts to counterbalance that which its staff perceive as a predominant orthodoxy of social liberalism and political progressivism of the professors and staff at the university.
 The Sixth Man is a 2011 crime fiction novel by the American writer David Baldacci.
 Werewolf versus Dragon is the first book in the An Awfully Beastly Business series written by David Sinden Matthew Morgan and Guy MacDonald. This young-adult fantasy novel was released on April 28 2009 by Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing.
 Not to be confused with the 2010 documentary Earth Made of Glass (film) about the Rwandan genocideEarth Made of Glass (1998) is a science fiction novel the second book of the Thousand Cultures series by John Barnes whose story is told from the perspective of a middle-aged special agent named Giraut. Earth Made of Glass examines religious extremism when two different cultures are forced into proximity.
 The False Inspector Dew is a humorous crime novel by Peter Lovesey. It won the Gold Dagger award by the Crime Writers' Association in 1982 and has featured on many Best of lists since.
 TV Technology is a trade journal covering the English speaking broadcast television industry in North America. The magazine is published every two weeks with additional issues in April and May. The magazine is published for television industries outside North America as TV Technology Europe and TV Technology Asia/Pacific.
 The Star-Banner is the daily newspaper in Ocala Florida United States and serves Marion County and the surrounding communities. Owned by Halifax Media Group the Star-Banner has a daily circulation of about 43000 and is the 19th largest newspaper in the state of Florida.
 Fields of Sleep is a fantasy novel by E. C. Vivian. It was first published in the United Kingdom in 1923 by Hutchinson. In the United States the novel first appeared in the magazineFamous Fantastic Mysteries under the title The Valley of Silent Men. An edition with illustrations by Thomas Canty was published by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in 1980.
 Psychotherapy Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in all fields of psychotherapy: outcome process education and training of therapists as well as investigations of services. It is published by Routledge on behalf of the Society for Psychotherapy Research. The founding team of editors consisted of David Alan Shapiro (Leeds University) Hans Strupp and Klaus Grawe.
 The International Journal of Developmental Biology is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research in developmental biology. The editor-in-chief is Juan Arechaga (University of the Basque Country). It was established in 1953 as Anales del desarrollo and obtained its current name in 1989.
 Advanced Drug Delivery Reviews is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research involving the controlled release and delivery of drugs and other biologically active agents.
 Deji Deji Nikki 100 Kai Kinen! Ayumi Hamasaki Bon or Ayu no Deji Deji Nikki is a photobook by Japanese pop singer Ayumi Hamasaki. It was released on the 7th of April 2009. It includes Hamasaki's diary entries from ViVi magazine that she kept from 2001 until 2009. It also includes an interview and photos of her in a white bikini on a beach. The photobook is the first of its kind debut at Number 1 on the Oricon Book Charts with well over 100000 copies sold.
 Ekobingsho (Bengali: একবিংশ English: The Twenty-First) was a Bengali little magazine and it is an influential literary magazine established and edited by leading poet essayist and translator Khondakar Ashraf Hossain. Ekobingsho is published from Dhaka.
 The Trail of Bohu also known as Imaro III: The Trail of Bohu is a sword and sorcery novel written by Charles R. Saunders and published by Daw Books in 1985. The Trail of Bohu was the third and final book in the original Imaro Trilogy.A revised version of the novel was published independently in 2009 through Sword & Soul Media and the online press Lulu.
 Drum (corporately styled DRUM) was an American LGBT-interest magazine based in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Published monthly beginning in 1964 by the homophile activist group the Janus Society and edited by Clark Polak Drum took its title from a quote by Henry David Thoreau: If a man does not keep pace with his companions perhaps it is because he hears the beat of a different drummer.Drum differed from earlier homophile magazines in that it included a combination of news and erotica.
 Baltimore Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1996. It publishes short stories poetry creative nonfiction interviews and items of interest to those interested in creative writing. The Baltimore Review a literary journal of poetry and fiction was founded by Barbara Westwood Diehl as a publication of the Baltimore Writers Alliance. The journal grew to become a nationally distributed journal and later became an independent nonprofit organization.
 The Riddle of the Third Mile is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the sixth novel in Inspector Morse series.Inspector Morse is not sure what to make of the truncated body found dumped in the Oxford Canal but he suspects it may be all that's left of an elderly Oxford don last seen boarding the London train several days before. Whatever the truth the inspector knows it will not be simple—it never is.
 The Pillars of Creation is the seventh book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth. It is the first book in the series not to feature Richard Rahl as the main protagonist although he does appear.
 Night Game is the third title in the Ghostwalker Series of paranormal romances by Christine Feehan.The novel appeared on several bestseller lists including those of The New York Times Publishers Weekly and USA Today.[citation needed]
 A Falcon Flies is a novel by Wilbur Smith. It was the first in a series of books known as The Ballantyne Novels.The Rhodesian Bush War of the 1970s inspired Smith to research and write a book set in historical Rhodesia. He originally planned it as one novel but it ended up as a trilogy.The book was the best selling novel published in England in 1981.
 Mutants Down Under is the third supplement to the After the Bomb setting of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness role-playing game. It was published by Palladium Books in June 1988 and uses the Palladium Megaversal system.
 The Strand Magazine was a monthly magazine founded by George Newnes composed of short fiction and general interest articles. It was first published in the United Kingdom from January 1891 to March 1950 running to 711 issues though the first issue was on sale well before Christmas 1890.Its immediate popularity is evidenced by an initial sale of nearly 300000.
 The Right Attitude to Rain is the third of the Sunday Philosophy Club series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Edinburgh Scotland and featuring the protagonist Isabel Dalhousie. It was first published in 2006 and is the sequel to Friends Lovers Chocolate.
 A Gift Upon the Shore is a 1990 novel by M. K. Wren.
 Hana to Akuma (花と悪魔) is a Japanese manga series by Hisamu Oto. It was serialized in the shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume which is published by Hakusensha.
 l'Espresso is an Italian weekly news magazine. It is one of the two most prominent Italian weeklies the other being Panorama. Since the latter has been acquired by right-wing tycoon and politician Silvio Berlusconi l'Espresso enjoys the reputation of being the main politically independent news magazine in Italy.
 Starclimber is the third book in the Matt Cruse fantasy series written by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel.-Matt Cruse and Kate de Vries go higher than ever when they take part in the very first expedition to outer space -- and the journey turns out to be even more thrilling perilous and deadly than imagined.- Kenneth Oppel
 Elizabeth Costello is a 2003 novel by South African-born Nobel Laureate J. M. Coetzee.In this novel Elizabeth Costello an aging Australian writer travels around the world and gives lectures on topics including the lives of animals and literary censorship. In her youth Costello wrote The House on Eccles Street a novel that re-tells James Joyce's Ulysses from the perspective of the protagonist's wife Molly Bloom.
 How Angel Peterson Got His Name is a nonfiction young adult memoir written by Gary Paulsen outlining the hilarious and often dangerous stunts Paulsen and his friends pull in order to entertain themselves and impress the young ladies. All of the tales in this book are about the true adventures of Paulsen and his friends during the mid-1950s.
 Cell Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering cell biology. It is the official journal of the Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences (Chinese Academy of Sciences) and is published by the Nature Publishing Group. It was established in 1990. According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2009 impact factor is 8.151.
 The Polish novel Przedwiośnie (a title translated alternatively as First Spring Before the Spring Early Spring Springtime or Spring To Come) was written by the leading Polish neoromantic writer Stefan Żeromski and first published in 1925 the year he died. The book has been translated and published in the U.S. as the Coming Spring in 2007.The novel consists of three parts: Szklane Domy (Glass houses) Nawłoć (Nawłoć estate) and Wiatr od wschodu (the Eastern wind).
 A Room with a View is a 1908 novel by English writer E. M. Forster about a young woman in the repressed culture of Edwardian era England. Set in Italy and England the story is both a romance and a critique of English society at the beginning of the 20th century. Merchant-Ivory produced an award-winning film adaptation in 1985.The Modern Library ranked A Room with a View 79th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century (1998).
 Clinical Therapeutics is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1979 and is published by Elsevier. It is an official journal of the European Association for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics. The journal covers all aspects of clinical pharmacology and therapeutics.
 Herb and Jamaal is a comic strip by Stephen Bentley syndicated by Creators Syndicate. It is published daily and centers on the eponymous friends who run a diner together inspired by the illustrator's experience at a high school reunion. and a desire to provide increased representation for black people in comics. According to Bentley Some of the characters in 'Herb & Jamaal' partially come come from myself and people that I know but the full story is just a fantasy...
 Boy A is the title of a 2004 novel by British writer Jonathan Trigell.
 The Journal of Biological Systems was founded in 1993 and is published quarterly by World Scientific. It aims to promote interdisciplinary approaches in Biology and in Medicine and the study of biological situations with a variety of tools including mathematical and general systems methods.
 Acacia: The Sacred Band is a 2011 novel by American author David Anthony Durham published by Doubleday. It concludes his Acacia Trilogy which began with Acacia: The War With The Mein which won the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer and was followed by Acacia: The Other Lands.
 Al-Watan (in Arabic الوطن meaning The Homeland) is a Kuwaiti Arabic language daily published by the Al Watan publishing house. The editor in chief is Khalifa Al Ali Al Sabah a member of the Kuwaiti ruling family Al Sabah.
 Ouran High School Host Club (桜蘭高校ホスト部 Ōran Kōkō Hosuto Kurabu) is a manga series by Bisco Hatori serialized in Hakusensha's LaLa magazine between the September 2002 and November 2010 issues. The series follows Haruhi Fujioka a scholarship student at Ouran High School and the other members of the popular host club. The romantic comedy focuses on the relationships within and outside the Club and satirizes the clichés and stereotypes that endure in shōjo.
 Life with Father is a humorous autobiographical book of stories compiled in 1935 by Clarence Day Jr. which was adapted in 1939 into the longest running Broadway play by Lindsay and Crouse which was in turn made into a 1947 movie and a television series.
 The Garden of Rama (1991) is a novel by Gentry Lee and Arthur C. Clarke. It is the third book in the four-book Rama series: Rendezvous with Rama Rama II The Garden of Rama and Rama Revealed and follows on from where Rama II left off.
 Dr. Breen’s Practice is a novel one of the earlier works by American author and literary critic William Dean Howells. Houghton Mifflin originally published the novel in 1881 in both Boston and New York. Howells wrote in the realist style creating a faithful representation of the commonplace and in this case describing everyday mannerisms that embody the daily lives of middle class people.
 Upland Outlaws is a fantasy novel by Dave Duncan following The Cutting Edge.
 The Journal of Cosmology describes itself as a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal of cosmology although the quality of the process has been questioned. The journal was established in 2009 and is published by Cosmology Science Publishers. Rudolph Schild is the Editor-in-Chief and Executive Editor.
 Antony and Cleopatra is the seventh and purposely last novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series.
 Remembrance of Things Past is the 2000 collaborative stage adaptation by Harold Pinter and director Di Trevis of Harold Pinter's as-yet unproduced The Proust Screenplay (1977) a screen adaptation of À la recherche du temps perdu the seven-volume novel by Marcel Proust.In November 2000 the play premiered at the Royal National Theatre in London under the direction of Trevis who also produced and directed it with a student cast at the Victorian College of the Arts Drama School in Melbourne Australia in October 2002. 
 The Great Divide is a historical novel by the Canadian writer Alan Sullivan which was first published in 1935. It was a breakthrough work for Sullivan and was very well received by critics. It depicts the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway in the Nineteenth Century.
 Sirius is the titular character and a 1944 science fiction novel by the British philosopher and author Olaf Stapledon.Scientist Thomas Trelone creates a super-intelligent dog named Sirius. He is the only dog to have attained a humanlike intelligence. Other dogs of the same breed Trelone created have an intermediate intelligence (they are above the dog's average intelligence but they cannot master human language and complex analytic thinking as Sirius does.
 The Pursuit of Laughter is a 2008 collection of diaries articles reviews and portraits by Diana Mitford. The book was published by Gibson Square and edited by Martin Rynja. Mitford's sister Deborah Cavendish Duchess of Devonshire provides the introduction. The title is a homage to another Mitford sister's book Nancy Mitford's The Pursuit of Love.
 Billboard Radio Monitor was a weekly music trade publication that followed the radio industry and tracked the monitoring of current songs by format station and audience cumes. The magazine was a spinoff of Billboard magazine and was mostly available through subscription to people who work in the radio industry as well as music chart enthusiasts. It was developed in Columbia Maryland initially by Alan Smith and Jonas Cash principals of the music company called AIR.
 SPIKES is an athletics website and magazine published by Haymarket Network in conjunction with the IAAF. The magazine and website were launched in July 2008 at an event attended by IAAF vice president Lord Coe Steve Ovett Jonathan Edwards Colin Jackson and Wilson Kipketer.The aim is to raise awareness of the sport and recognition of the athletes by encouraging discussion through challenging features and profiles.
 An Urchin in the Storm is a 1987 essay collection from paleontologist and science writer Stephen Jay Gould. All but one of the essays had originally appeared in The New York Review of Books.
 Oreimo (俺妹) short for Ore no Imōto ga Konna ni Kawaii Wake ga Nai (俺の妹がこんなに可愛いわけがない lit. My Little Sister Can't Be This Cute) and also known as Ore no Imōto (俺の妹) is a Japanese light novel series written by Tsukasa Fushimi with illustrations provided by Hiro Kanzaki. The series includes 12 novels released between August 2008 and June 2013. A manga adaptation drawn by Sakura Ikeda was serialized in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki G's Magazine.
 Black Comedy is a one-act farce by Peter Shaffer first performed in 1965. The play is written to be staged under a reversed lighting scheme: the play opens on a darkened stage. A few minutes into the show there is a short circuit and the stage is illuminated to reveal the characters in a blackout. On the few occasions when matches lighters or torches are lit the lights grow dimmer.
 I Drink for a Reason is a 2009 book by American actor and comedian David Cross. The book features memoirs satirical fictional memoirs and material from Cross that originally appeared in other publications.
 The Dead Man's Knock first published in 1958 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which features Carr's series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery.
 Blind But Now I See: The Biography of Music Legend Doc Watson is an award-winning book written by Kent Gustavson Ph.D. The book serves as a comprehensive biography of the late guitarist and singer-songwriter Doc Watson (1923-2012).
 MCN: The American Journal of Maternal/Child Nursing is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal of obstetrical nursing and neonatal nursing.
 Cat and Mouse published in Germany in 1961 as Katz und Maus is a novella by Günter Grass the second book of the Danzig Trilogy and the sequel to The Tin Drum. It is about Joachim Mahlke an alienated only child without a father. The narrator Pilenz alone could be termed his friend if it were possible to be friends with Mahlke (p. 78); much of Pilenz's narration addresses Mahlke directly by means of second-person narration.
 The Queen's Amulet is a 1999 children's book by Julianne Balmain set in the Star Wars galaxy. It features the story of Queen Amidala and her handmaiden Sabé and their search for a missing amulet given to Amidala by her father. The book is set just before the events seen in the film Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace (1999).
 The Sunday Tribune was an Irish Sunday broadsheet newspaper published by Tribune Newspapers plc. It was edited in its final years by Nóirín Hegarty who changed both the tone and the physical format of the newspaper from broadsheet to tabloid. Previous editors were Conor Brady Vincent BrownePeter Murtagh Matt Cooper and Paddy Murray. The Sunday Tribune was founded in 1980 closed in 1982 relaunched in 1983 and entered receivership in February 2011 after which it ceased to trade.
 Endemic Bird Areas of the World: Priorities for Biodiversity Conservation represents an effort to document in detail the endemic biodiversity conservation importance of the world's Endemic Bird Areas.The authors are Alison J. Stattersfield Michael J. Crosby Adrian J. Long and David C. Wege with a foreword by Queen Noor of Jordan. Endemic Bird Areas of the World: Priorities for Biodiversity Conservation contains 846 pages and is a 1998 publication by Birdlife International No.
 Tom Swift and His Great Searchlight or On the Border For Uncle Sam is Volume 15 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 The Honorable Barbarian is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp the fifth and final book of his Novarian series. It is a sequel both to the Reluctant King trilogy and to the Novarian sequence's only short story The Emperor's Fan. It was first published in hardcover by Del Rey Books in July 1989 with a limited edition hardcover following from The Easton Press in its Signed First Editions of Science Fiction series in August of the same year.
 Superman's Girl Friend Lois Lane was a comic book series published monthly by DC Comics focusing on the adventures of supporting character Lois Lane as its protagonist. The series began publication with a March/April 1958 cover date and ended its run in September/October 1974 with 137 regular issues and two 80-page Annuals.
 Polymer Bulletin is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering polymer science including chemistry physics physical chemistry and material science.
 The Impartial Reporter is a newspaper based in Enniskillen County Fermanagh Northern Ireland which is circulated in Fermanagh South Tyrone and the border counties of the Republic of Ireland. It is the 3rd-oldest newspaper in Ireland and is Fermanagh's oldest surviving weekly newspaper.
 Zazie in the Metro — or simply Zazie depending on the translation (original French title: Zazie dans le métro) — a French novel written in 1959 was the first major success of author Raymond Queneau. Zazie explores colloquial language as opposed to standard written French a distinction that is particularly marked in French where correct language usage is governed by an official academy.
 Pleasant Dreams: Nightmares is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Robert Bloch. It was released in 1960 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 2060 copies. The stories originally appeared in several magazines between 1946 and 1958. The collection includes Bloch's 1959 Hugo Award winning story That Hell-Bound Train.
 The ISKCON Communications Journal (ICJ) was a biannual magazine of dialogue focussing on issues related to missionary development in ISKCON (International Society for Krishna Consciousness) and with issues of communication administration social development and education which affected mission in ISKCON. ICJ also provided a forum for members of various communities to comment on ISKCON's development.
 The Morning Sentinel is an American daily newspaper published every morning in Waterville Maine. It is owned by MaineToday Media.The newspaper covers cities and towns in parts of Franklin Kennebec Penobscot and Somerset counties. The paper is printed at the Portland Press Herald press in South Portland Maine.
 Changeling (ISBN 978-1852273811) is a 2007 autobiography by Mike Oldfield. It was published in May 2007 by Virgin Books. In May 2008 Changeling was re-released in a paperback edition.
 The Business called itself London's first global business magazine published in the United Kingdom. It was edited by Allister Heath; published by Andrew Neil; and owned by the Barclay brothers who also own The Daily Telegraph. It closed in February 2008 after it failed to prove a commercial success.
 GraceLand is a 2004 novel by Chris Abani which tells the story of a teenager named Elvis who is trying to get out of the ghettos of Lagos Nigeria.It received the 2005 Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award and Hurston-Wright Legacy Award was the Silver Medalist for the California Book Award was a finalist for the Los Angeles Times Book Prize and Commonwealth Writers Prize and was shortlisted for the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
 Second Fiddle (1988) is a best-selling novel by British author Mary Wesley.
 The House Without a Key is a novel that was written in 1925 by Earl Derr Biggers. It is the first of the Charlie Chan mysteries written by Biggers.The novel which takes place in 1920s Hawaiʻi spends time acquainting the reader with the look and feel of the islands of that era from the standpoint of both white and non-white inhabitants and describes social class structures and customs which have largely vanished in the 21st century.
 Flashman and the Angel of the Lord is a 1994 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the tenth of the Flashman novels.
 Me and Kaminski (German: Ich und Kaminski) is a 2003 novel by the Austrian-German writer Daniel Kehlmann. It tells the story of a klutzy journalist who goes on a journey with an elderly painter he is writing a biography about.
 Sojourners magazine is progressive monthly publication of the Christian social justice organization Sojourners which arose out of the Sojourners Community. It was first published in 1971 under the original title of The Post-American. The magazine publishes editorials and articles on Christianity and politics the church and social issues social justice and Christian living. Articles frequently feature coverage of fair trade interfaith dialogue peacemaking and work to alleviate poverty.
 Under the Mat: Inside Wrestling's Greatest Family is a book written by Diana Hart ex-wife of professional wrestler Davey Boy Smith and the mother of wrestler Harry Smith.
 Aoi-chan Panic! (あおいちゃんパニック!) is a manga by Izumi Takemoto. It concerns a part alien girl Aoi Hayakawa who transfers into the school which Hiroshi Morimura goes to. She then becomes a love interest to him.
 Elite da Tropa is a Brazilian book written by the ex-police officers André Batista and Rodrigo Pimentel together with Luiz Eduardo Soares. It was first published on 2006. The book originated the film Elite Squad.
 TV Guide is a Canadian version and later spin-off of the American weekly magazine TV Guide. It was originally published by McMurray Publishing a subsidiary of the American parent company Triangle Publishing from 1953 to 1976 and after its split from the US parent became the property of Telemedia in 1977 and then Transcontinental Media in 2000.
 The Ultimate Resource is a 1981 book written by Julian Lincoln Simon challenging the notion that humanity was running out of natural resources. It was revised in 1996 as The Ultimate Resource 2.
 Jamaica Inn is a novel by the English writer Daphne du Maurier first published in 1936. It was later made into a film also called Jamaica Inn directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It is an eerie period piece set in Cornwall in 1820; the real Jamaica Inn still exists and is a pub in the middle of Bodmin Moor.The plot follows a group of murderous wreckers who run ships aground kill the sailors and steal the cargo.
 Eldritch Wizardry is a supplementary rulebook by Gary Gygax and Brian Blume written for the original edition of the Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) fantasy role-playing game which included a number of significant additions to the core game. Its product designation is TSR 2005.
 ACS Synthetic Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society. It began publishing accepted articles in the Fall of 2011 with the first full monthly issue published in January 2012. It covers all aspects of synthetic biology including molecular systems and synthetic research. The editor-in-chief is Christopher Voigt (Massachusetts Institute of Technology).
 The Wizard of Zao is a fantasy novel written by Lin Carter the second book of the Chronicles of Kylix series in which each volume is set on a different world in the magical solar system of the fictional star Kylix. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1978.
 Purge (Finnish: Puhdistus) is a novel by Finnish-Estonian writer Sofi Oksanen which has been translated into thirty-eight languages. Oksanen's third Finnish-language novel Purge was published in 2008 and is based upon her original play of the same name staged at the Finnish National Theatre in 2007.
 Red Indian Folk and Fairy Tales is a 1960 anthology of 19 fairy tales from North American Indian culture that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders.
 Brave Dan (勇者ダン Yuusha Dan) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1962.
 Nile Pilot was an English-language daily newspaper published from Khartoum Sudan. The newspaper was founded in 1965. It was linked to Sadiq wing of the Umma Party.
 All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku (万能文化猫娘 Bannō Bunka Nekomusume) is a Japanese single-volume manga series written and illustrated by Yuzo Takada and serialized in Weekly Manga Action. The manga was released as a single volume in December 1997.
 Social Text is an academic journal published by Duke University Press. Since its inception as an independent editorial collective in 1979 Social Text has addressed a wide range of social and cultural phenomena covering questions of gender sexuality race and the environment. Each issue covers subjects in the debates around feminism Marxism neoliberalism postcolonialism postmodernism queer theory and popular culture.
 The Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics is a heterodox economics journal published quarterly by the Ludwig von Mises Institute. It was established in 1998 after the Murray Rothbard-created publication The Review of Austrian Economics was transferred to other editors and then to George Mason University. The journal covers economics from an Austrian School perspective.
 The Steel Remains (2008) is a fantasy novel by Richard K. Morgan. It is the first fantasy book by Morgan a noted science fiction author known for the Takeshi Kovacs trilogy and the standalone novels Market Forces and Black Man.The Steel Remains is the first book of a planned trilogy named A Land Fit For Heroes a series title also used by Phillip Mann.
 Stone published in 2002 is a science fiction novel by the British writer Adam Roberts.
 Guernica / A Magazine of Art and Politics is a biweekly online site that publishes art and photography fiction and poetry from around the world along with nonfiction such as letters from abroad investigative pieces and opinion pieces on international affairs and U.S. domestic policy. It also publishes interviews and profiles of artists writers musicians and political figures.Guernica 's stated mission is to publish works that explore the crossroads between art and politics.
 Saga is an epic space opera/fantasy comic book series written by Brian K. Vaughan and illustrated by Fiona Staples published monthly by Image Comics. The series is heavily influenced by Star Wars and is based on ideas Vaughan conceived both as a child and as a parent.
 Al-Mustaqbal (المستقبل in Arabic) (English translation: The Future) is an Arabic language daily newspaper in Lebanon headquartered in Beirut.
 The Holder of the World (1993) is a novel by Bharati Mukherjee. It is a retelling of Nathaniel Hawthorne's 1850 novel The Scarlet Letter placing the story in two centuries (17th and 20th). The novel involves time travel via virtual reality locating itself in 20th century Boston 17th century Colonial America and 17th century India during the spread of the British East India Company. It also references Thomas Pynchon's novel V..
 The Claverings is a novel by Anthony Trollope written in 1864 and published in 1866–67. It is the story of a young man starting out in life who must find himself a profession and a wife; and of a young woman who made a marriage of convenience and must abide the consequences.
 The War Machine is a science fiction novel by Roger MacBride Allen and David Drake.
 The Bath Chronicle is a weekly newspaper first published under various titles before 1760 in Bath England. Prior to September 2007 it was published daily.
 In America is a 1999 novel by Susan Sontag which won the U.S. National Book Award for FictionIt is based on the true story of Polish actress Helena Modjeska (called Maryna Zalewska in the book) her arrival in California in 1876 and her ascendency to American stardom.
 Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin (銀牙 -流れ星 銀- literally Silver Fang: The Shooting Star Gin) is an adventure manga by Yoshihiro Takahashi. It was published by Shueisha in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1983 to 1987 and collected in 18 bound volumes. It received the 1987 Shogakukan Manga Award for best shōnen series.The series tells the story of an Akita Inu pup called Gin (Japanese for silver) who leaves his master a young boy named Daisuke to join a pack of wild dogs.
 Pawana (or: Awaité Pawana) is a short story written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 The Age of Innocence is a 1995 photography and poetry book by David Hamilton. The book contains images of early-teen girls often nude accompanied by lyrical poetry. Images are in a boudoir setting and photographed mainly in colour using a soft-focus filter with some shots in black-and-white.
 Frank Freeman's Barber Shop is an 1852 plantation fiction novel written by Baynard Rush Hall.
 Der arbeyter (דער ארבײטער 'The Workers') was a Yiddish-language newspaper issued by the Polish Socialist Party (PPS). The newspaper was launched in 1898 named after a Galician Jewish social democratic publication by the same name. Der arbeyter was initially published from London.
 Social Theory and Practice is an academic journal established in 1970 and covering the discussion of theoretical and applied questions in social political legal economic educational and moral philosophy including critical studies of classical and contemporary social philosophers. The journal publishes original philosophical work by authors from all relevant disciplines including the humanities the social sciences and the natural sciences.
 Socialist Voice is the official newspaper of the Communist Party of Ireland (CPI). The paper is published monthly and is also available online. It provides a Marxist analysis of political events as well as including historic pieces book and film reviews and international news.
 Priyadarsika is a Sanskrit play attributed to king Harsha (606 - 648). It was first translated into English by G. K. Nariman A. V. Williams Jackson and Charles J. Ogden and published by the Columbia University Press in 1923 as the tenth volume of the 13 volume Columbia University Indo-Iranian Series (1901-32).
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Hard Luck is a children's novel written by Jeff Kinney and the eighth book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series. The book's existence was announced at the end of the previous book in the series The Third Wheel. Hard Luck was released on November 5 2013 in the United States with a print run of 5.5 million copies and on November 6 in the United Kingdom where it had a printing of 800000 copies.
 The Indian Forester is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in forestry. It is one of the oldest forestry journals still in existence in the world. It was established in 1875 and is published by the Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education.
 The Good Lord Bird is a 2013 novel written by James McBride about a slave who unites with John Brown in his abolitionist mission. The novel won the National Book Award for Fiction in 2013 and received positive to mixed reviews from critics.
 The Galleon is the official newspaper of Spanish River Community High School. It has been a trend-setter among high school newspapers in Palm Beach County frequently leading in award competitions.
 An Englishman Looks at the World is a 1914 essay collection by H. G. Wells containing journalistic pieces written between 1909 and 1914. The book consists of twenty-six pieces ranging from five to sixty-two pages in length.
 Evaluating a Large Group Awareness Training: A Longitudinal Study of Psychosocial Effects is a non-fiction psychology book on Large Group Awareness Training published in 1990 by Springer-Verlag. The book was co-authored by psychologists Jeffrey D. Fisher Roxane Cohen Silver Jack M. Chinsky Barry Goff and Yechiel Klar. The book was based on a psychological study of The Forum a course at the time run by Werner Erhard and Associates.
 The New Haven Review is a not-for-profit quarterly literary journal founded in August 2007 and located in New Haven Connecticut. It was created to resuscitate the art of the book review and draw attention to Greater New Haven-area writers (the original issue was entitled The New Haven Review of Books). The scope of the journal has since expanded to include essays fiction poetry reviews with an emphasis on neglected work and visual art.
 Three Tales is a collection of three science fiction fantasy and horror stories by author Howard Wandrei. It was released in 1995 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 500 copies. The book was given to guests at the 1995 World Fantasy Convention in order to promote Wandrei's forthcoming collection Time Burial. Two of the stories originally appeared in the magazine Astounding Stories. The other first appeared in Weird Tales. The entire contents of the chapbook are included in Time Burial.
 The World Inside is a science fiction novel written by Robert Silverberg and published in 1971. The novel's first chapter was first published in 1970 as a short story titled A Happy Day in 2381. The World Inside was nominated for a Hugo Award in 1972.On March 2 2010 Orb Books published this title as a trade paperback edition.
 Cold Copper Tears is the third novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 Horse Whispers & Lies is a 1999 biography of Monty Roberts by Joyce Renebome and journalist Debra Ristau. It was published in paperback by Veracity Books in 1999 (ISBN 1-929055-44-7).Renebome Monty Roberts's aunt and Ristau his cousin set out to restore honor to the names of Monty Roberts's parents Marvin and Marguerite Roberts. In his bestselling autobiography The Man Who Listens to Horses Monty Roberts had claimed his father had abused both him and the horses he trained.
 TheBlaze is a monthly conservative libertarian news magazine published by Mercury Radio Arts and TheBlaze in New York City New York and circulated throughout the United States. The current editor in chief is Scott Baker.The magazine is available by subscription in both print and online versions.
 El Centinela is a Christian Seventh-day Adventist magazine published monthly in Spanish by the Pacific Press publishing house. El Centinela is one of the oldest Christian magazines in Spanish.El Centinela has the purpose of bringing attention to the second coming of Jesus Christ by presenting information found in the Bible.
 Spike: Old Wounds is a comic based on the Angel television series.
 Offspring of Empire: The Koch'ang Kims and the Colonial Origins of Korean Capitalism 1876-1945 is a book by Carter Eckert. The book examines the activities of Kyungbang the first large scale industrial enterprise owned and operated by Koreans.
 The Season: A Candid Look at Broadway is an account of the 1967-68 season on and off Broadway by American novelist and screenwriter William Goldman. It was originally published in 1969 and is considered one of the best books ever written on American theater. In The New York Times Christopher Lehmann-Haupt called the book “Very nearly perfect. ...
 Car Trouble is a novel by Jeanne DuPrau published in 2005 about a man named Duff Pringle who travels across the country for a future job.
 Crazyhorse is an American magazine that publishes fiction poetry and essays. Since 1960 Crazyhorse has published many of the finest voices in literature including John Updike Raymond Carver Jorie Graham John Ashbery Robert Bly Ha Jin Lee K. Abbott Philip F. Deaver Stacie Cassarino W. P.
 Forum is a Bangladeshi English-language monthly current affairs magazine. Founded in 1969 in the then East Pakistan by human rights activist Hameeda Hossain and economist Rehman Sobhan the magazine became renowned for its outspoken criticism against the West Pakistani establishment and advocacy of democracy and economic reforms in the Pakistani union.
 Canadian Journal of Gastroenterology & Hepatology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of gastroenterology and liver disease. It is the official journal of the Canadian Association of Gastroenterology and the Canadian Association for the Study of the Liver and is published by the Pulsus Group. It was established in 1987 as the Canadian Journal of Gastroenterology and obtained its current name in 2014.
 The Journal of Sports Economics (abbreviated JSE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications focusing on the economics of sports. It was founded by economist Leo Harold Kahane in 2000 and is considered the leading journal for research on sports economics.[citation needed] The JSE is published in association with the North American Association of Sports Economists.
 Fly is a 2009 play written by Trey Ellis and Ricardo Khan about the Tuskegee Airmen the first black fliers in the U.S. military during World War II.
 The Old Man of Lochnagar is a children's book written by Prince Charles and illustrated by Sir Hugh Casson.The story revolves around an old man who lives in a cave in the cliffs surrounding the corrie loch under the Lochnagar a mountain which overlooks the royal estate at Balmoral in Scotland where the Royal Family spend much of their summer holidays.The story of the old man of Lochnagar was one Prince Charles had told some years earlier to entertain his brothers Andrew and Edward when they were young. 
 Insoumise et dévoilée (Unsubmissive and unveiled) is an autobiography by Karima published in 2008.
 The Arctic Home in the Vedas is a book on the origin of Aryans by Lokmanya Bâl Gangâdhar Tilak a mathematician turned astronomer historian journalist philosopher and political leader of India during 1880 to 1920. It propounded the theory that the North Pole was the original home of Aryans during pre-glacial period which they had to leave due to the ice deluge around 8000 B.C. and had to migrate to the Northern parts of Europe and Asia in search of lands for new settlements.
 The Wretched of the Earth (French: Les Damnés de la Terre 1961) by Frantz Fanon is a psychiatric and psychologic analysis of the dehumanising effects of colonization upon the individual man and woman and the nation from which derive the broader social cultural and political implications inherent to establishing a social movement for the decolonization of a person and of a people.
 Semper Floreat (Latin: May it always flourish) is the student newspaper of the University of Queensland in Brisbane Australia. It has been published continuously by the University of Queensland Union (UQU) since 1932 when it began as a fortnightly newsletter of only a few pages produced by one editor. The current Editor-in-Chief of Semper Floreat is Max Chandler-Mather and the Deputy Editor in Chief is Jacqueline Rodgers.
 The Patriotic Traitors: A History of Collaboration in German-Occupied Europe 1940-45 is a 1972 book by David Littlejohn. It is a history of the European nationalists who took part in collaborationism with the Third Reich. Individual chapters are devoted to Norway Denmark the Netherlands Belgium France and the Soviet Union.
 Vascular and Endovascular Surgery is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of vascular surgery. It was established in 1967 and is published by Sage Publications. The editor-in-chief is Dennis Bandyk (University of South Florida College of Medicine).
 The Massachusetts Daily Collegian is the student-operated newspaper at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. It is published daily Monday through Friday during the calendar semester. The Collegian is a non-profit student run organization which receives no funding from the University or from student fees. The Collegian operates entirely on advertising revenues.
 The Yonsei Medical Journal is a general medical journal which has been published since 1960 by the Yonsei University College of Medicine. It is published bimonthly. The journal covers in all areas related to medicine based on clinical or basic research. The editor in chief is In-Hong Choi.
 The Sportswriter is a 1986 novel by Richard Ford. It is about a failed novelist turned sportswriter who undergoes an existential crisis following the death of his son. In 1995 it was followed by a sequel the Pulitzer Prize-winning Independence Day. A third installment The Lay of the Land followed in 2006.The book is being made into a six-hour HBO miniseries.
 Black Fire is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Sonni Cooper.
 JoongAng Ilbo is a daily newspaper published in Seoul South Korea. It is one of the three biggest newspapers in South Korea. The paper also publishes an English edition Korea JoongAng Daily in alliance with the International Herald Tribune.
 Zarb-e-Sukhan (Urdu: ضربِ سخن‎ Hindi: ज़र्ब-ए-सुख़न) is a Kulliyat of Urdu poetry. It is written by Ehsan Sehgal an acclaimed Pakistani poet writer and journalist. The book and the author have also been awarded the Faiz Ahmad Faiz Award 2011 by the Urdu Tehreek International London for the best work towards Urdu poetry. The Daily Times describes it as a splendid poetry collection.
 Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple (史上最強の弟子 ケンイチ Shijō Saikyō no Deshi: Kenichi) is a Japanese manga by Syun Matsuena serialized in the weekly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday.This manga is a remake of Tatakae! Ryōzanpaku Shijō Saikyō no Deshi (戦え!梁山泊 史上最強の弟子 lit. Fight! Ryōzanpaku History's Strongest Disciple) which was serialized in the monthly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday Super publishing five tankōbon between 2000 and 2002.The first tankōbon was published on August 9 2002.
 Success Sutras for the 21st Century: A Trilogy of Wisdom written by Pavan Choudary is a set of three self-help books based on the teachings and philosophies Chanakya Confucius and Kabir.. This set comprises 3 books namely Chanakya’s Political Wisdom Confucius’ Social Wisdom and Kabir’s Spiritual Wisdom.
 The Marriage of Figaro (French: La Folle Journée ou Le Mariage de Figaro (The Mad Day or The Marriage of Figaro)) is a comedy in five acts written in 1778 by Pierre Beaumarchais. This play is the second in the Figaro trilogy preceded by The Barber of Seville and followed by The Guilty Mother.In the first play The Barber the story begins with a simple love triangle in which a Spanish count has fallen in love with a girl called Rosine.
 Fantastic Four 2099 was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics featuring the adventures of the Fantastic Four in the alternate future of Marvel 2099 (Earth-928). It ran for eight issues in 1996.
 Red Prowling Devil (紅 Kurenai lit. Crimson) is a Japanese manga series created by Toshimitsu Shimizu published in Japan by Shōnen Gahousha and spanning eight volumes (or tankōbon). An English translation of the series covering all eight volumes in flipped format was published in the United States by the (now apparently defunct) ComicsOne corporation starting in October 2002.
 Dead Space is a 2008 comic book prequel to the game Dead Space: Extraction and to the film Dead Space: Downfall. The video game Dead Space continues where the film ended. It is published by Image Comics and is written by Antony Johnston who also wrote the game's dialogue with art by Ben Templesmith. An animated version of the comic was available to download via Xbox Live PSN and various game review sites such as Gametrailers.com in summer 2008.
 Bloodfire Quest is a 2013 fantasy novel by Terry Brooks and the second part of the The Dark Legacy of Shannara trilogy. It released on March 12 2013 through Del Rey Books and continues the story of the Elfstones from Wards of Faerie.
 The Palm Beach Post is a major American daily newspaper serving Palm Beach County in South Florida and the Treasure Coast area. It is the 80th largest daily newspaper in the United States and the 7th largest in Florida.
 The United Methodist Hymnal is the hymnal used by The United Methodist Church. It was first published in 1989 as the first hymnal for The United Methodist Church after the 1968 merger of The Methodist Church with The Evangelical United Brethren Church. The 960-page hymnal is noted for many changes that were made in the lyrics of certain hymns so as to modernize the hymnal.
 Sleeper was a comic book series written by Ed Brubaker with art by Sean Phillips published by DC Comics under their Wildstorm imprint.
 The Yellow Birds is the debut novel from American writer poet and Iraq war veteran Kevin Powers. It was one of The New York Times's 100 Most Notable Books of 2012 and a finalist for the 2012 National Book Award. It was also awarded the 2012 The Guardian First Book Award and the 2013 Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award.
 Unnatural Selection is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Tagline: An environmental evil haunts Willow.
 Once a Month On a Sunday is a 2009 fantasy short story by Ian McHugh.
 The Twelve is a 2012 horror novel by Justin Cronin and is the second novel in The Passage trilogy following the novel The Passage. The Twelve was published on October 16 2012 by Ballantine Books. The trilogy will be concluded with the publishing of The City of Mirrors which is due to be released 2014. The Twelve has been optioned by director Ridley Scott along with the other two books in the trilogy for a planned series of film adaptations.
 The Wilson Journal of Ornithology (until 2006 The Wilson Bulletin) is a quarterly scientific journal published by the Wilson Ornithological Society. Both the society and its journal were named after American ornithologist Alexander Wilson.
 The International Journal of Computational Intelligence and Applications is a refereed scientific journal published by Imperial College Press since 2001. It covers the theory and applications of computational intelligence and aims to provide a vehicle whereby ideas using two or more conventional and computational intelligence based techniques could be discussed such as neuro-fuzzy or evolutionary-symbolic combinations.
 The novel Blue at the Mizzen is the last completed work in Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey-Maturin series. A blue ensign at the mizzen-mast indicated the presence of a Rear Admiral of the Blue the lowest flag-rank in the Royal Navy of the early 19th century.
 It Can't Happen Here is a semi-satirical 1935 political novel by American author Sinclair Lewis. Published during the rise of fascism in Europe the novel describes the rise of Berzelius Buzz Windrip a populist United States Senator who is elected to the Presidency after promising drastic economic and social reforms while promoting a return to patriotism and traditional values.
 Bag Limit is a crime novel written by Steven F. Havill. It is a first person view story of a reluctant sheriff of Posados County named Bill Gastner.
 Dariel: a romance of Surrey is a novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1897. It is an adventure story set initially in Surrey before the action moves to the Caucasian mountains. The story is narrated by George Cranleigh a farmer who falls in love with Dariel the daughter of a Caucasian prince. Dariel was the last of Blackmore's novels published just over two years before his death.
 The Chevron was the official newspaper published by the Federation of Students at the University of Waterloo (in the city of Waterloo in Ontario Canada) for approximately two decades.Originally the official newspaper of the Federation of Students was The Coryphaeus. The paper was renamed The Chevron in 1966.The paper was distributed on campus free of charge.
 The Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes original research in oral and maxillofacial surgery oral pathology and other related topics. It is published monthly by Elsevier on behalf of the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
 The Greenwood Encyclopedia of African American Folklore is a three volume set of books published in December 2005 by Greenwood Press. It contains roughly 700 alphabetically arranged entries by more than 100 contributors. It serves as a comprehensive overview of all aspects of African-American folklore including folktales music foodways spiritual beliefs and art.
 The Two Baronesses (De to Baronesser) is an 1848 novel by Hans Christian Andersen translated into English by Charles Beckwith Lohmeyer. It was published first in translation for legal protection against piracy which caused a misunderstanding that Andersen wrote it in English.
 The Moon Is Down a novel by John Steinbeck fashioned for adaption for the theatre and for which Steinbeck received the Norwegian King Haakon VII Freedom Cross was published by Viking Press in March 1942. The story tells of the military occupation of a small town in Northern Europe by the army of an unnamed nation at war with England and Russia (much like the occupation of Norway by the Germans during World War II).
 The Capital Times (or Cap Times) is a newspaper published in Madison Wisconsin by The Capital Times Company. The newspaper is primarily distributed in a 19-county region in south-central Wisconsin. The Capital Times formerly published paper editions Mondays through Saturdays with a weekday circulation of 19355 and a Saturday circulation of 21065. The paper ceased daily (Monday-Saturday) paper publication with its April 26 2008 edition.
 Organic Preparations and Procedures International is a bimonthly scientific journal focusing on organic chemists engaged in synthesis. Topics include original preparative chemistry in association with the synthesis of organic and organometallic compounds.
 Ur is a novella by Stephen King. It was written exclusively for the Amazon Kindle platform and became available for download on February 12 2009. An audiobook edition was released on February 16 2010 by Simon & Schuster Audio read by Holter Graham.It is 21276 words. In a standard paperback edition (averaging 400 words/page) this would be about 53 pages.
 Gangway is an international online literary magazine bridging Austria and Australia. Its founder and editor in chief is Gerald Ganglbauer the first issue was launched in June 1996 in Sydney.
 Visegrad Insight is an analysis and opinion magazine led by editors from across the Visegrad Group: the Czech Republic Hungary Poland and Slovakia. Its aim is to provide a platform for debates on the perspectives and challenges of cooperation between Central Europen governments business and communities. It is published twice a year by the Res Publica Foundation in Warsaw in partnership with the Europeum in Prague with support of the International Visegrad Fund.
 The Kingman Standard or The Standard is a local weekly newspaper in Kingman owned by Matt Wanner. It has a circulation of 8062. The newspaper is published once a week on Wednesday and is distributed in Kingman Bullhead City Lake Havasu City and Laughlin Nevada.
 Rubber (1990) was the first published novel of Indian author Jeyamohan. It was the first major work in Tamil that explored ecological and environmental degradation in Tamil Nadu. Set as a multi-generational family drama taking place against the backdrop of rubber plantations the novel describes the hunger for social and commercial growth that inevitably exploits the environment.
 The Modern World is a fantasy/science fiction novel (2007) by Steph Swainston and is the sequel to the critically acclaimed The Year of Our War (2004) and No Present Like Time (2005).
 The Mukwonago Chief is a weekly newspaper based in Mukwonago Wisconsin. It is published by Mukwonago Publications and Journal Communications. It is primarily distributed in Mukwonago but is also distributed in other surrounding towns and villages.
 Onihime VS (鬼姫VS Onihime Vāsasu lit. Demon Princess VS) is a manga series written by Dall-Young Lim and illustrated by Soo-Hyun Lee both who are known for the Korean manhwa Unbalance Unbalance and the light novel The Phantom King. The series revolves around Setsuna Kashiwagi a Japanese high school student with a chronic heart problem who inadvertently makes a deal with an Oni for 10 million yen in exchange for his life in a year.
 The Mothman Prophecies is a 1975 book by John Keel.
 Fighting Foodons (格闘料理伝説ビストロレシピ Kakutō Ryōri Densetsu Bisutoro Reshipi) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoto Tsushima and serialized in Comic BonBon in 1999. It was adapted into an anime television series which aired on NHK BS-2 satellite channel from December 11 2001 to June 25 2002.In the United States the anime was dubbed by 4Kids Entertainment in cooperation with Enoki Films; Enoki Films held the license and contracted the dubbing to 4Kids.
 The Acorn is a peer-reviewed academic journal sponsored by the Gandhi-King Society. It explores philosophical issues related to non-violence in theory and practice with a focus on the work of M. K. Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr. Notable contributors include Thich Nhat Hanh Ham Seok-heon and Michael N. Nagler. The journal was established in 1986 by Ha Poong Kim and is produced in the philosophy department at St. Bonaventure University.
 Alabama Moon is a 2006 novel by Watt Key. The story follows the adventures of Alabama native Moon Blake.The novel was originally published by Farrar Straus and Giroux in 2006.Following the release of the published work a movie based upon the book titled Alabama Moon was released in 2010.
 The Weapon Shop is a science fiction short story by A. E. van Vogt originally published in the December 1942 issue of Astounding Science Fiction. In 1951 it was included as part of the fix-up novel The Weapon Shops of Isher.
 Confessions of a Mask (仮面の告白 Kamen no Kokuhaku) is Japanese author Yukio Mishima's second novel. Published in 1949 it launched him to national fame though he was only in his early twenties.
 Killer's Payoff (1958) is the sixth 87th Precinct novel by Ed McBain.
 The Sandstorm is a history play written by playwright and Iraq War veteran Sean Huze. It was originally an eleven character play (Los Angeles 2004–2005). It later became a ten character play after revisions for the East Coast debut in Washington D.C. (2005). The play premiered in Los Angeles CA in September 2004 for a limited engagement directed by Marlon Hoffman at Gardner Stages a small 30 seat basement theater in Hollywood CA.
 The Philadelphia Daily News is a tabloid newspaper that serves Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. The newspaper is owned by Interstate General Media which also owns Philadelphia's other major newspaper The Philadelphia Inquirer.The Daily News began publishing on March 31 1925 under founding editor Lee Ellmaker. By 1930 the newspaper's circulation exceeded 200000 but by the 1950s the news paper was losing money.
 Psionic Artifacts of Athas is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Khaber-e Jonub (Persian: خبر جنوب‎) is a daily newspaper published in Shiraz Iran..http://www.khabarads.ir/jonoob
 Stern (pronounced [ʃtɛʁn] German for Star) is a weekly news magazine published in Germany by Gruner + Jahr a subsidiary of Bertelsmann. Its founder in 1948 was Henri Nannen. In the first quarter of 2006 its print run was 1.019 million copies and it reached 7.84 million readers according to Media-Analyse.
 The Musical Quarterly is the oldest academic journal on music in America. Originally established in 1915 by Oscar Sonneck the journal was edited by Sonneck until his death in 1928.
 The Sunday Independent is a broadsheet Sunday newspaper published in Ireland by Independent News & Media plc.
 Weave Magazine is an American literary magazine based in Pittsburgh. It was established in order to remedy a perceived gender imbalance in contemporary literary publishing. Weave publishes literary fiction poetry nonfiction reviews and artwork biannually in January and July.
 The Journal of Personnel Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published four times per year by Hogrefe Publishing. It is the continuation of the Zeitschrift für Personalpsychologie (ISSN 1617-6391) originally published in German from the beginning of 2002 until the end of 2009. Since 2010 the journal is published in English.
 Last Seen in Massilia is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 2000. It is the eighth book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery stories set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 The Raleigh Downtowner Magazine is a free entertainment magazine based in Raleigh North Carolina covering downtown Raleigh and the surrounding area. Founded in 2005 by Randall Gregg the magazine features topics including restaurant profiles music local business art gallery reviews visual and performing artist profiles band profiles wine local history and more.
 Khao Sod (Thai: ข่าวสด; English: 'fresh news' or current news) is a Thai daily newspaper with national circulation. Founded on April 9 1991 Khao Sod is the youngest newsprint of Matichon Publishing Group which also operates two other daily news publications: Matichon and Prachachat.Khao Sod is more 'mass-oriented' and 'upcountry-focused' in style than its sister newspapers under Matichon Group as its circulation records show 300000 copies per day.
 The Rio Times is an English-language local newspaper and news and features website based in Rio de Janeiro Brazil.
 Raumnes is a local newspaper published in Årnes Norway. It covers the municipality of Nes i Akershus.It was established in 1947 and has been independent throughout its existence. It was originally published twice a week but this has been increased to three. It had a circulation of 3222 in 1983 increasing to the current 5493 of whom 5341 are subscribers. It is owned by various local people and groups.
 The Manhattan Projects is a comic book series created by writer Jonathan Hickman with art by Nick Pitarra and published by Image Comics. It is a story about an alternate history of the end of World War II in which the Manhattan Project was a front for other more esoteric science fiction ideas. The series is a monthly ongoing and began in March 2012 to much critical acclaim.
 This article presents information about the John Van Seters book; for general information about the topic see Abraham: Historicity and origins and The Bible and history.Abraham in History and Tradition is a book by biblical scholar John Van Seters.The book is divided into two parts Abraham in History and Abraham in Tradition. In Part I part Van Seters argues that there is no unambiguous evidence pointing to an origin for the stories in the 2nd millennium BC.
 Kiddy Grade (キディ・グレイド) is a 24 episode science fiction anime series produced in 2002 and created by gímik and Gonzo Digimation and directed by Keiji Gotoh. The series is licensed and distributed in North America by FUNimation Entertainment. In October 2006 news of a Kiddy Grade sequel was announced under the working title of Kiddy Grade 2 (キディ・グレイ) (K-G.2) to be animated by asread (Shuffle! anime).
 The Annals of Applied Statistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics covering all areas of statistics featuring papers in the applied half of this range. It was established in 2007 with Bradley Efron as founding editor-in-chief. All articles are freely available on arXiv Project Euclid.
 Ara (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈaɾə] meaning now) is a Catalan daily newspaper that began publication on November 28 2010 coinciding with the Catalan parliamentary elections. Between 60000 and 90000 copies are printed each day. It is the third most read daily newspaper in Catalonia and the most read daily newspaper written exclusively in the Catalan language. Its regional edition Ara Balears is the most widespread Catalan language newspaper on the Balearic Islands.
 FX is a six-issue comic book limited series written by creator Wayne Osborne and drawn by John Byrne. It is published by IDW Publishing. The series was the result of a lifelong comics fan living his dream by hiring a professional artist to bring his creation to life.
 Looking for Alibrandi is the debut novel of Australian author Melina Marchetta published in 1992. A film adaptation was made in 2000.
 The Journal of Statistical Physics is a biweekly publication containing both original and review papers including book reviews. All areas of statistical physics as well as related fields concerned with collective phenomena in physical systems are covered. The Journal of Statistical Physics has an impact factor of 1.40 (2012).The journal was established by Howard Reiss. Joel L. Lebowitz is the current editor-in-chief.
 Ars Buddhica (佛教藝術 Bukkyō Geijutsu) (lit. 'Buddhist Art') is a bi-monthly academic journal of Buddhist art particularly that of Japan. It is published in Japanese by Mainichi Shinbunsha.
 The Grass Is Singing is the first novel published in 1950 by British Nobel Prize-winning author Doris Lessing. It takes place in Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) in southern Africa during the 1940s and deals with the racial politics between whites and blacks in that country (which was then a British Colony). The novel created a sensation when it was first published and became an instant success in Europe and the United States.
 Vertigo (German: Schwindel. Gefühle.) is a 1990 novel by the German author W. G. Sebald. The first of its four sections is a short but conventional biography of Stendhal who is referred to not by his pen name but by his given name of Beyle. The second is a travelogue of two journeys made to the Alpine region by an unnamed narrator whose biography resembles Sebald's; an episode from the life of Casanova is also featured.
 Bachelors Anonymous is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 15 October 1973 by Barrie & Jenkins London and in the United States on August 28 1974 by Simon & Schuster Inc. New York.
 Humpty Dumpty in Oakland is a realist non-science fiction novel authored by Philip K. Dick. Originally completed in 1960 but rejected by prior publishers this work was posthumously published by Gollancz in the United Kingdom in 1986. An American edition was published by Tor Books in 2007.
 Meg! (with the exclamation mark) is a comic strip by Greg Curfman and distributed by United Feature Syndicate. The main characters were Meg an elementary-age soccer player her little brother Mike (victim of Meg's pranks) their parents and Meg's friend Ashley. Curfman based much on the series on himself and his family.
 Heresies: A Feminist Publication on Art and Politics was a feminist journal that was produced from 1977–1992 by the New York-based Heresies Collective.
 Ata je spet pijan is a novel by Slovenian author Dušan Čater. It was first published in 2002.
 Silent Sam is the American name for the wordless Swedish comic strip Adamson created by Oscar Jacobsson (1889-1945) in 1920. It has also been published under the name Adamson's Adventures.Adamson himself was a silent cigar-smoking man with a big hat and frequent misadventures. The strip originally appeared in the Swedish humor publication Söndags-Nisse where it debuted on October 17 1920. It soon became very popular and was published in hundreds of newspapers all over the world.
 Max the Mighty a Children's literature novel by Rodman Philbrick. Published in 1998 it is the sequel to Freak the Mighty. Maxwell Kane helps Rachel nicknamed Worm because of her love of reading run from her overly religious and abusive stepfather. Nicknamed The Undertaker he drives a hearse and wears all dark black clothing. The Undertaker accuses Max of kidnapping Worm so Max and Worm run away with Dippy Hippie on his bus the Prairie Schooner.
 The Circle was a lesbian journal collectively produced by the Sisters for Homophile Equality (SHE) in Wellington New Zealand between December 1973 and 1977.
 This article is about the novel by Geraldine Brooks. For the article about the theological concept in Islam see People of the Book.People of the Book is a 2008 historical fiction novel by Geraldine Brooks. The story focuses on imagined events surrounding protagonist and real historical past of the still extant Sarajevo Haggadah one of the oldest surviving Jewish illuminated texts.
 Lizzie Zipmouth (2000) is a children's novel by author Jacqueline Wilson. It follows a young girl named Lizzie who copes with moving into a new home. It is aimed for 7-10 year old readers and is written in a fun and believable way to connect with the audience.[citation needed]
 The Riddle-Master of Hed is a fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It is the first book of the Riddle Master Trilogy the following two books being Heir of Sea and Fire and Harpist in the Wind. It was published in 1976.The trilogy makes use of a number of themes from Celtic mythology.[citation needed]It takes place in a fantasy world divided into a number of countries. Each ruler has a mystical awareness of his or her land: the land-rule. The seldom-seen High One presides over all.
 The International Journal of Political Economy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes scholarly research on political economics. The journal was formerly published as International Journal of Politics (ISSN 0012-8783). Many of the articles are English translations of scholarly work from around the world. Article themes include the conditions of economic growth governmental intervention in the market economy and modernization and democratization theories.
 Chainfire is the ninth book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth and the first in a trilogy. It was nominated for the Prometheus Award.
 The News (formerly The Evening News) is a daily newspaper serving New Glasgow and Pictou County Nova Scotia
 I Know This Much Is True is a novel by Wally Lamb published in 1998. It was featured in Oprah's Book Club in June 1998.
 Cardiology in Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering cardiology. It was established in 2011 and is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The editors-in-chief are William H. Frishman (New York Medical College) and Patrick T. O'Gara (Brigham & Women's Hospital).
 The Montauk Project: Experiments in Time by Preston B. Nichols and Peter Moon is the first book in a popular series detailing time travel experiments at the Montauk Air Force Base at the eastern tip of Long Island as part of the Montauk Project.The book (first published in 1992) and its follow up books are written in a first person style and are widely believed to be science fiction.
 Combat SF is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Doubleday in 1975. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact Galaxy Science Fiction Fantastic Universe New Worlds Fantasy and Science Fiction If and Planet Stories.
 Daily Negations is the second book by King Missile frontman John S. Hall. It was released by Soft Skull Press in 2007.The book is a dark-humored satire of self-help books. In it Hall presents a negative thought for each day of the calendar year (including Leap Day). For example the negation for March 16 reads Today I will try to remember to regret the past. I will think of how many mistakes I have made throughout my life.
 Flying Blind Flying Safe is a non-fiction book about the American airline industry and Federal Aviation Administration written by Mary Schiavo with Sabra Chartrand. The book was first published in March 1997 in hardcover format by Avon Books. An updated paperback edition was published on April 1 1998. Schiavo is a former Inspector General of the United States Department of Transportation and Chartrand a journalist for The New York Times.
 Kuch Gunjoan Ki Shaan Mein (ISBN 978-0953750009) is a 2000 book by British author Mahmud Khan written in Urdu. The title literally means In Praise of Baldness. It was written to address a suggested absence of humour books written in Urdu available in the United Kingdom.
 New Media & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of communication. The journal's editors are Nicholas Jankowski and Steve Jones. It has been in publication since 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Alfred Kropp: The Thirteenth Skull is a young adult fantasy thriller by Rick Yancey. In this novel Alfred starts realizing many things about his life and why he does things and he no longer is the bumbling overweight Alfred Kropp we meet in the first book but is becoming a grown man.
 Dragon Haven is a novel by Robin Hobb the second novel in The Rain Wild Chronicles. In a blog post Robin Hobb wrote: The untitled book I am working on now picks up the tale of the Tarman expedition in search of Kelsingra. It’s my work in progress and threatens to be a long book!. Dragon Haven is written in third-person narrative from the viewpoint of several key characters.
 Bluestocking (Seitō; 青鞜) was a Japanese feminist magazine founded in 1911 by Raichō Hiratsuka and produced by Hiratsuka and other members of the associated group the Bluestocking Society (Seitō-sha；青鞜社). The group adopted the term Bluestocking from the British usage which had come to refer to feminists over the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Hiratsuka opened the first issue with the words “In the beginning woman was the sun.” (「原始、女性は太陽であった」).
 The Daily Examiner is a daily newspaper serving Grafton New South Wales Australia. The newspaper is owned by APN News & Media. At various times the newspaper was known as The Clarence and Richmond Examiner and New England Advertiser (1859-1889) and Clarence and Richmond Examiner (1889-1915).
 Red Moon of Zembabwei is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in the July 1974 issue of the magazine Fantastic and was first appeared in book form by Ace Books in the paperback collection Conan of Aquilonia in May 1977 which was reprinted several times through 1994. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books in October 1978.
 Miami Monthly is Southeast Florida's city/regional magazine publishing news and information on the people politics life culture and style of the greater Miami area.
 Language in Thought and Action is a book on semantics by Samuel Ichiye Hayakawa based on his previous work Language in Action published in 1939. Early editions were written in consultation with different people. The current 5th edition was published in 1991. It was updated by Hayakawa's son Alan R. Hayakawa and has an introduction by Robert MacNeil. Its Library of Congress control number is 92033105.The book has sold over one million copies and has been translated into eight languages.
 Shadowfires is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1987. Koontz's attempt at a straightforward horror novel it was originally released as Shadow Fires under the pseudonym Leigh Nichols and tells the story of a young woman who in the process of getting a divorce from her husband of seven years becomes a widow after a traffic accident. However her husband's body soon disappears from the morgue and other bodies are discovered murdered horribly.
 Vampire Doll (バンパイアドール・ギルナザン Vampire Doll Guilt-na-Zan) is a manga by Erika Kari which takes place in modern time but holds a medieval Gothic theme. The story starts out with Kyoji an exorcist who revives the spirit of Guilt-na-Zan whom his ancestor entrapped in a cross. Guilt-na-Zan who was the greatest vampire a hundred years ago is now forced to inhabit a wax doll of a very beautiful and cute female and be a maid for Kyoji.
 Crunchyroll Manga is a digital shōnen manga anthology published by Crunchyroll and Kodansha. It began distribution on October 30 2013. The service launched with a lineup of twelve titles with chapters released simultaneously with their Japanese release.
 From a View to a Death is the third novel by the English writer Anthony Powell. It combines comedy of manners with Powell’s usual interest in the subtleties of British 20th-century society in a bitterly funny narrative. Here Powell begins to write in the mode that he would perfect in A Dance to the Music of Time.Published in 1933 the novel is set largely in and around Passenger Court the country seat of the Passenger family.
 Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship (German: Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre) is the second novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published in 1795–96.
 The Culture Lounge is a visual art philosophy literary and culture magazine that emphasizes diversity and expression through the creative forms.Published in Columbus Nebraska US since May 2006 the main focus is raising the awareness of the individual and embracing cultural differences throughout the magazine.
 Ghost Dance is John Norman's 1970 historical fiction novel wherein a Sioux man and his tradition comes in conflict with a white woman and her civilization as the Wounded Knee Massacre approaches. As with the his Gor series his main body of work Norman displays both philosophical reaction and an affinity with incorporating historical events with the actions of fictional characters.
 The Western Weekender is a local newspaper servicing the region of Penrith New South Wales. It is the most widely distributed newspaper in PenrithThe Western Weekender is an independent newspaper owned by MediaView. MediaView purchased the newspaper in March 2009. Prior to this The Western Weekender was published by the TriMedia Group.The Western Weekender was first published in 1991.It is issued on Fridays.
 Dogs (狗-DOGS- Ku -Dogs-) is a Japanese manga series by Shirow Miwa. The first manga of the series was published in 2001 as Dogs: Stray Dogs Howling in the Dark (Dogs: Prelude in the English version published by Viz Media). In 2005 a manga sequel began serialization in the manga magazine Ultra Jump as Dogs: Bullets & Carnage continuing the storyline. The Dogs: Prelude manga volume has been adapted into a two-volume original video animation series (OVA) by David Production in 2009.
 Besoiro is a French entomological scientific journal. It is published by Patrick Arnaud and was established in 1995. The name means beetle in Portuguese. The taxa described are included on the Zoological Record volumes.Arnaud also created the Juvisy insect fair the most important entomological exhibition in the world he travelled many countries and described many new species.
 Other Worlds Science Stories (usually referred to by readers as simply Other Worlds) was an American science fiction magazine edited by Raymond A. Palmer with Bea Mahaffey. It was published by Palmer's Clark Publishing in Evanston Illinois beginning in the late 1940s. Sold for 35 cents the digest size publication was bi-monthly until September 1950 six-weekly until October 1952 and then monthly.The first issue dated November 1949 was credited to editor Robert N.
 Gempak is a Malaysian comic/gaming/hobby magazine published by Art Square Creation beginning in June 1998. The magazine's main motto is One Issue One Surprise. Being the first magazine in Malaysia to introduce local comic artists to an international audience some have criticized the artists' skills as an imitation of the Japanese manga style. Others however claim that the artwork is completely different and introduces a new brand of manga sometimes categorized as graphic novels.
 Lady Anna is a novel by Anthony Trollope written in 1871 and first published in book form in 1874. The protagonist is a young woman of noble birth who through an extraordinary set of circumstances has fallen in love with and become engaged to a tailor. The novel describes her attempts to resolve the conflict between her duty to her social class and her duty to the man she loves.
 Alphabet of Thorn is a 2004 fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It was nominated for the 2005 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature.
 Messaggero Veneto – Giornale del Friuli is an Italian local daily newspaper based in Udine Italy. It has the largest readership in Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
 An Excellent Mystery is a mystery novel by Ellis Peters the third of four set in the year 1141 when so much occurred in the period known as the Anarchy. It is the 11th in the Cadfael Chronicles published in 1985 (1985 in literature).The siege of Winchester sends monks streaming across England seeking safe haven. Two arrive at Shrewsbury Abbey. A young man seeks out the older of the two monks wanting his approval to marry a young woman once meant for another and she cannot be found.
 Butterfly Valley: A Requiem (Danish: Sommerfugledalen: Et requiem) is a 1991 book of poetry by the Danish writer Inger Christensen. It consists of 15 sonnets and is a so-called sonnet redoublé.
 Swift's Epitaph is a translation by Irish poet William Butler Yeats of Jonathan Swift's epitaph which Swift wrote for himself in Latin. Yeats' somewhat free translation appeared in his 1933 collection The Winding Stair and Other Poems.
 Bradford Pioneer is a defunct newspaper published in Bradford between 1913 to 1936 under the auspices of the Bradford Independent Labour Party Trades Council and Workers' Municipal Federation.The 1913 volume contains several early articles by J. B. Priestley and on 27 July 1917 it published A Soldier’s Declaration by Siegfried Sassoon.In 1914 Joseph Burgess was the editor. Another editor was Frank Betts father of Barbara Castle.
 Stolen Sunshine: A Woman's Quest for Herself is a 2002 novel by Smita Jhavar. The book is mainly about the complex social lives of Marwari women living in India. The plot concerns the three generations of a family - an elderly lady called Kesar Maa her daughter Radha and granddaughters Krishna and Rukmini and the other near and dear ones these people have.
 Written in 1969 by Eric Wolf Peasant Wars of the Twentieth Century is a comparative view of the peasant revolutions of Mexico Russia China Vietnam Algeria and Cuba.
 Tribes is a play by Nina Raine that had its world premiere in 2010 at London's Royal Court Theatre and its North American premiere Off-Broadway at the Barrow Street Theatre in 2012. The play won the 2012 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play.
 Nintendo Magazine System was the official Nintendo magazine of Australia. In publication for seven years until 2000 the magazine was a branch of Official Nintendo Magazine the UK's official Nintendo magazine which was also called Nintendo Magazine System at the time. On 12 November 2008 a new official Australian Nintendo magazine was announced.
 The Man out of the Rain is a collection of crime short stories by Philip MacDonald.
 A Bitter Fate (Russian: Горькая судьбина Gorkaya sudbina) also translated as A Bitter Lot is an 1859 realistic play by Aleksey Pisemsky. The play tackles serfdom in Russia and the social and moral divisions that it creates by means of a story that focuses on a provincial ménage à trois. With the exception of Leo Tolstoy's The Power of Darkness (1886) it is the only major play to dramatise the experiences of peasants in the history of Russian realistic drama.
 Den nya nordiska floran (The new Nordic flora) is a Swedish flora from 2003 by Bo Mossberg and Lennart Stenberg with illustrations by Bo Mossberg. It contains descriptions illustrations and distribution maps of all plants in Sweden Denmark Norway (including Svalbard and Spitsbergen) Finland Faroe Islands and Iceland a total of more than 3250 species. It is a sequel to the earlier book Den nordiska floran.
 For the African Studies Bulletin published by the African Studies Association see African Studies Bulletin.The Leeds African Studies Bulletin has been published by Leeds University Centre for African Studies since 1964. Besides recording activities and other news relating to African studies at Leeds it contains scholarly articles and book reviews.
 All Families Are Psychotic is the seventh novel by Douglas Coupland published in 2001. The novel is the fictional story of the dysfunctional Drummond family and their adventures on a trip to see their daughter's space shuttle launch.
 Agatha Crumm is a newspaper comic strip created by the cartoonist Bill Hoest (creator of The Lockhorns) and distributed by King Features Syndicate. Agatha Crumm was Hoest's third strip following Bumper Snickers (1974) and it continued until 1996.
 Acta Victoriana is the literary journal of Victoria University Toronto. It was founded in May 1878 and is the oldest continuous university publication in Canada; its 137th volume was released in April 2013. Though originally a 'review' of Victoria University life with a few pages reserved for creative work over the years it has shifted its focus to become a book of short fiction and poetry.
 A Spectre is Haunting Texas is a science fiction novel by Fritz Leiber first published as a novel in 1969. It was originally published as a three-part serial in the magazine Galaxy Science Fiction in 1968. The title appears to be based on a Karl Marx quote from The Communist Manifesto: A spectre is haunting Europe...the spectre of communism.
 St. Galler Tagblatt commonly shortened to Tagblatt is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published in St. Gallen.
 Treason's Harbour is a historical novel by British author Patrick O'Brian set during the Napoleonic period which follows the life of two friends naval captain Jack Aubrey and his ship's surgeon Stephen Maturin. It is the ninth book in the Aubrey-Maturin series.
 Conan the Valorous is a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in September 1985; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in September 1986 and was reprinted in January 1992. The first British edition was published in paperback by Sphere Books in September 1987.The book also includes Conan the Indestructible L.
 Arc d'X (1993) by Steve Erickson is an Avantpop novel. Upon publication in 1993 it received wide attention from other novelists such as Thomas Pynchon Tom Robbins and William Gibson and it has been translated into Italian Japanese and other languages.
 The Gentlemen's Alliance Cross (紳士同盟† Shinshi Dōmei Kurosu) is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Arina Tanemura who also created the anime series called Full Moon o Sagashite which came out in April 6 2002 and ended March 29 2003. The Gentlemen's Alliance Cross premiered in the September 2004 issue of Ribon running until the June 2008 issue.
 Soul Purpose is a Christian youth magazine founded in 1998 by Hamish Stevenson and based in Wellington New Zealand. Soul Purpose is published quarterly (usually seasonally) however this has often been a little intermittent due to cost restraints. Aimed at young people the magazine looks to promote Christian values and morals as well as promote Christian musicians bands and writers.
 Bella’s Tree is a Junior Advanced (K-Gr 2) picture book written by Janet Russell with illustrations by Jirina Marton. It was originally written in 1961 by Russell’s mother-in-law although not published until 2009 by Groundwood Books. Bella’s Tree was awarded the 2009 Governor General's Award for Children's Literature.
 SOUTHASIA Magazine (ISSN 1816-1243) is a political English Language magazine published from Pakistan. The magazine publishes news and analysis about South Asia and international affairs. It is currently edited and published by Syed Jawaid Iqbal and is distributed in the United States by JAYEYE Associates.SOUTHASIA Magazine was formerly called THIRDWORLD INTERNATIONAL before it changed its name in 1997. It is a certified member of the All Pakistan Newspapers Society (APNS).
 No Exit (French: Huis Clos pronounced: [ɥi klo]) is a 1944 existentialist French play by Jean-Paul Sartre. The original title is the French equivalent of the legal term in camera referring to a private discussion behind closed doors; English translations have also been performed under the titles In Camera No Way Out Vicious Circle Behind Closed Doors and Dead End.
 The Gazette of India (Hi: भारत का राजपत्र Bharat kaa Rajpatra) is a public journal and an authorised legal document of the Government of India published weekly by the Department of Publication Ministry of Urban Development. As a public journal the Gazette prints official notices from the government. It is authentic in content accurate and strictly in accordance with the Government policies and decisions.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1951 is a 1951 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1952 under the title The Best Science Fiction Stories: Second Series.
 Novosti (Serbian Cyrillic: Новости lit. The News) is a Croatian weekly magazine based in Zagreb. It is published by the Serb National Council (SNV) the main state-funded body concerned with promoting human rights and dealing with issues related to the ethnic identity and the participation of Serbs of Croatia in the Croatian society at large.
 Northern Flowers was a Russian language literary almanac published yearly in Saint Petersburg from 1825 to 1832. The full title in Russian was Северные цветы собранные бароном Дельвигом (Northern flowers collected by baron Delvig. The main editors were Anton Delvig and Alexander Pushkin.
 Maggie Cassidy is a novel by the American writer Jack Kerouac first published in 1959. It is a largely autobiographical work about Kerouac's early life in Lowell Massachusetts from 1938 to 1939 and chronicles his real-life relationship with his teenage sweetheart Mary Carney. It is unique for Kerouac for its high school setting and teenage characters. He wrote the novel in 1953 but it was not published until 1959 after the success of On the Road (1957).
 Fairy Tail (フェアリーテイル Fearī Teiru) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima. It has been published in Weekly Shōnen Magazine since August 2 2006 and has been published by Kodansha in 40 tankōbon volumes; the individual chapters are being published in tankōbon volumes by Kodansha with the first released on December 15 2006 and the 40th volume released on October 17 2013.
 Afterimage: The Journal of Media Arts and Cultural Criticism is a bimonthly journal of contemporary art culture and politics.
 The Form of the Sword (original Spanish title: La forma de la espada sometimes translated as The Shape of the Sword) is a short story by Argentinian author Jorge Luis Borges first published in July 1942 in La Nación and included in the 1944 collection Ficciones part two (Artifices). The first English translation appeared in New World Writing No. 4 in 1953.
 Woxx is a weekly newspaper published in Luxembourg. It is published in all three of Luxembourg's official languages: French German and Luxembourgish.The newspaper was founded as GréngeSpoun by the Greens in 1988. In 2000 it was renamed and given independence although its editorials still support the Greens. It has a circulation of around 3000.The newspaper received €230417 in annual state press subsidy in 2009.
 OutServe Magazine is a bi-monthly periodical digital and print publication of OutServe a non-profit non-governmental organization for lesbian gay bisexual and transgender service members in the United States Armed Forces. It was first published in March 2011 while OutServe was still operating clandestinely prior to the repeal of the Don't Ask Don't Tell policy that banned open gays from service. It was featured by MSNBC CNN ABCDer Spiegel Stars and Stripes and Military Times.
 Think and Grow Rich is a 1937 motivational personal development and self-help book by Napoleon Hill and inspired by a suggestion from Scottish-American businessman Andrew Carnegie. While the title implies that this book deals with how to get rich the author explains that the philosophy taught in the book can be used to help people succeed in all lines of work and to do or be almost anything they want.
 The Bad Seed is a 1954 play by American playwright Maxwell Anderson adapted from 1954 the novel of the same name by American writer William March.
 Black Coffee Blues is a book written by Henry Rollins comprising writings penned between 1989 and 1991. It is composed of seven parts; 124 Worlds Invisible Woman Blues Exhaustion Blues Black Coffee Blues Monster 61 Dreams and I Know You.
 Catherine Called Birdy is the first children's novel written by Karen Cushman. It is a historical novel in diary format set in thirteenth century England. It was published in 1994 and won the Newbery Honor and Golden Kite Award in 1995.
 The Record of a Fallen Vampire (ヴァンパイア十字界 Vanpaia Jūji-Kai Vampire Cross-World) is a modern-day vampire-themed manga illustrated by Yuri Kimura (木村 有里 Kimura Yuri) and written by Kyo Shirodaira (城平 京 Shirodaira Kyō) writer behind the popular manga and anime series Spiral - Bonds of Reasoning. It was serialized in Monthly Shōnen Gangan and has been collected into nine tankōbon published by Square Enix. VIZ Media began releasing The Record of a Fallen Vampire in spring 2008.
 Island of the Blue Dolphins is a 1960 children's novel written by Scott O'Dell. The story of a young girl stranded for years on an island off the California coast. It is based on the true story of Juana Maria a Nicoleño Native American left alone for 18 years on San Nicolas Island in the 19th century.
 The Transformers: Stormbringer is a comic book mini-series published by IDW Publishing.The series debuted in July 2006 and is set during the same time frame as The Transformers: Infiltration (the first issue shows Optimus Prime receiving Ironhide's call from Infiltration). It technically consists of issues seven through ten of the ongoing Transformers saga which is split into arcs instead of being one complete series.
 Kingdom of Summer is the second book in a trilogy of fantasy novels written by Gillian Bradshaw. The novel tells of the ascendancy of King Arthur and the planting of the seeds of his downfall. The tale is recounted by Rhys ap Sion a Dumnonian farmer who becomes the servant of Gwalchmai ap Lot (the hero of the preceding book Hawk of May).
 Avenger is a political thriller novel by Frederick Forsyth published in September 2003.This was adapted for television in 2006 starring Sam Elliott.
 A New Dictionary of the Terms Ancient and Modern of the Canting Crew is a dictionary of English cant and slang by a compiler known only by the initials B. E. first published in London c. 1698. With over 4000 entries it was the most extensive dictionary of non-standard English in its time until it was superseded in 1785 by Francis Grose's Classical Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue. B.
 The Blade Itself is a crime thriller novel by Marcus Sakey that was released in January 2007.
 The Müller-Fokker Effect is a satirical science fiction novel written by John Sladek in 1970. It has long been out of print in the United States having come out in a Pocket Books edition in 1973. A reprint was done in 1990 by Carroll & Graf. The title is a pun with the insult motherfucker and the book itself is suffused with wordplay of all stripes.
 Dogfight is a short story written by Michael Swanwick and William Gibson and first published in Omni in July 1985.
 The Immortal Bard is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the May 1954 issue of Universe Science Fiction and has since been republished in several collections and anthologies including Earth Is Room Enough (1957) and The Best Science Fiction of Isaac Asimov (1986). (In Earth Is Room Enough (Panther Books Ltd. reprint 1973 edition) the title of the story is An Immortal Bard in the Contents list but The Immortal Bard on the destination page.
 Historical Atlas of the World is a historical atlas that contains 108 color maps showing religious boundaries countries cities buildings army movements and expeditions. It contains an index to place peoples historical and military events and explorers.
 The Journal of Environmental Biology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Triveni Enterprises. It covers all aspects of environmental sciences toxicology and related fields. The editor-in-chief is R.C. Dalela who started the journal in 1980.
 Perfect English is the second blackly comic novel by British writer Paul Pickering. It is based on his own experience as an Internationalista in the war in Nicaragua against the Contras.
 Nepali Times (stylized as NEPALI Times) is a leading English weekly newspaper that provides in-depth reporting and expert commentaries on Nepali politics business culture travel and society in 16 pages every week. It has a loyal readership among Nepalis who are leaders in their fields. The weekly has become the staple for the expatriate diplomatic and business communities in Kathmandu and through the internet for the Nepali diaspora.
 Invitation to the Game is a science-fiction book written by Monica Hughes. It has recently been published as The Game.The book is a hard science fiction dystopian novel set in 2154 a time when machines and robots perform most jobs. Because of this very few people are employed with many people living on a social welfare system for support. The unemployed people have nothing to look forward to except various illicit drugs.
 zingmagazine is a reverent contemporary art magazine founded in 1995 by artist Devon Dikeou. zing began as a quarterly black and white magazine. Its first issue contained projects by Kenny Schachter Gordon Tapper Ed Web Gregory Volk Donald Fergusson Michael Corris Amy Sillman and Susan Robinson and ran about 100 pages.zing is now printed in color and has reached about 400 pages.
 From Doon with Death is the debut novel of British writer Ruth Rendell first published in 1964. The story was later made into a movie in 1988. The novel introduced her popular recurring character Inspector Wexford who has since gone on to feature in 20 of her novels.
 The Night Gardener is a 2006 crime novel by George Pelecanos. It is set in Washington DC and focuses on homicide detective Gus Ramone and ex-cops Dan Doc Holiday and TC Cook as they investigate the possible return of a serial killer.
 Dragon is an adventure novel by Clive Cussler. This is the 10th book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Dirk Pitt. A bomber carrying a third nuclear bomb to Japan in 1945 is shot down in the Sea of Japan. Now terrorists want to restore Japan's former glory by taking out the United States economy by planting nuclear bombs.
 The Journal of Banking and Finance is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on financial institutions capital markets and topics in investments and corporate finance. In 1989 the journal absorbed Studies in Banking & Finance. A 2011 study ranked it among six elite finance journals.
 Propaganda: The Formation of Men's Attitudes (1965/1973) (French: Propagandes; original French edition: 1962) is a book on the subject of propaganda by French philosopher theologian legal scholar and sociologist Jacques Ellul. This book appears to be the first attempt to study propaganda from a sociological approach as well as a psychological one.
 Radetzky March (German: Radetzkymarsch 1932) by Joseph Roth chronicles the decline and fall of the Austro-Hungarian Empire via the story of the Trotta family. Radetzkymarsch is an early novelistic example of a story that features the recurring fictional narrative participation of a historical figure the Emperor Franz Josef I of Austria (1830–1916). Roth continues his account of the Trotta family to the time of the Anschluss in his The Emperor's Tomb (Kapuzinergruft 1938).
 The X-Files comics was a spin-off from the television series of the same name originally published by Topps Comics and most recently DC Comics imprint Wildstorm.
 The Academy of Management Review a is peer-reviewed academic journal on management. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal's 2011 impact factor is 6.169 ranking it first in the categories Management (out of 166) and Business (out of 113). AMR is one of the four general management journals that the University of Texas Dallas uses to rank the research productivity of universities. Finally AMR is on the financial times top 45 list with only six other management journals.
 Schism is a novel in the Saga of the Skolian Empire a series of science fiction books by Catherine Asaro. It was first published in 2004.
 Sunset on Third Street (三丁目の夕日 夕焼けの詩 San-Chōme no Yūhi Yūyake no Uta) is a Japanese manga series by Ryōhei Saigan. As of 2009 56 volumes of the manga have been published. It was also a short-lived anime series from 1990 to 1991 and three films Always Sanchōme no Yūhi Always Zoku Sanchōme no Yūhi and Always Sanchōme no Yūhi '64 were based on stories and characters from the manga. It won the 27th Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
 Cavalcade of Boys is a comic book miniseries by Tim Fish featuring the lives and loves of several gay characters in America.The characters cope with unrequited love and the search of a true lover are drawn in a stylized style.
 The Scapegoat is a science fiction novella written by C. J. Cherryh and set in her Alliance-Union universe. It deals with a war in which the two opposing species do not understand each other and do not know how to stop the fighting. The work was originally published in the 1985 anthology of military science fiction Alien Stars and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novella.
 Jersey Gods is a comic book published by Image Comics. It was written by Glen Brunswick pencilled and inked by Dan McDaid with colors by Rachelle Rosenberg. The covers were drawn by Mike Allred and coloured by Laura Allred. Alternative covers were also provided by Dan McDaid Darwyn Cooke Paul Pope and Whilce Porticio.A back-up strip Tales from the Great War was written by Mark Waid and drawn by Joe Infurnari.Prior to publication teaser strips appeared in Popgun volume 2 and Invincible 55.
 Booster Breaks: Improving Employee Health One Break at a Time is a 2010 book. Booster breaks are defined as: organized routine work breaks intended to improve physical and psychological health enhance job satisfaction and sustain or increase work productivity. Dr. Wendell C. Taylor is recognized as the architect of the Booster Break concept. The intent of Booster Breaks is to encourage health-enhancing breaks during the work day as a corrective to job stress and sedentary behavior.
 Canadian Business is the longest-publishing business magazine in Canada. It was founded in 1928 as The Commerce of the Nation the organ of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce. The magazine was renamed Canadian Business in 1933. Canadian Business official association with the Chamber of Commerce ended in 1977 the position of official media partner is currently held by George Media's The Canadian Business Journal.
 West European Politics is a peer-reviewed academic journal of comparative politics focusing on Western Europe. It was established in 1978 and serves as one of the main publication venues in that field. Its founding editors-in-chief were Vincent Wright and Gordon Smith; the current editors are Peter Mair and Klaus Goetz. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.024.
 Many Marriages is a 1923 Sherwood Anderson novel largely plotless and considered by many to be the beginning of his decline as a writer. The novel did have its champions however F. Scott Fitzgerald among them. In this novel Anderson continued his use of new psychological insights to explore his characters.Because Anderson explored the new sexual freedom in the novel it was attacked in an American crusade against dirty books which also objected to D.H. Lawrence's Women in Love.
 The World of Poo is described as A charming tale for people of all ages (but especially for young Sam Vimes) from the pen of Miss Felicity Beedle Discworld's premier children's author.Terry Pratchett hinted on March 7 2012 that a new book other than The Long Earth would be coming in June. On the same day he announced and revealed that the new book was The World of Poo. out on June 7 2012 in the UK. There is a UK Collector's Edition exclusive to WH Smith with a different cover design.
 Legal Affairs was an American magazine that was launched under the auspices of Yale Law School and which later became an independent non-profit venture with an educational mission. As the first general-interest legal magazine Legal Affairs featured stories that centered on the intersection of law and everyday life. The award-winning magazine was a finalist for National Magazine Awards in the categories of general excellence and public interest reporting.
 The Saint Steps In is the title of a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris featuring his creation Simon Templar alias The Saint. The book was first published in serialized form in November 1942 in Liberty Magazine with its first bound publication in 1943 in an American edition by The Crime Club. Hodder and Stoughton published the first British edition in 1943.
 Pinaglahuan (literally the point or place where someone or something disappeared or fading point) is a Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Faustino S. Aguilar. Aguilar completed the manuscript on 25 September 1906. The novel was published by Manila Filateco in Manila Philippines in 1907. The novel was written during the American period in Philippine history (1898-1946).
 Dark Summer is a 1992 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the ninth book featuring Sydney homicide detective Scobie Malone and begins with the discovery of a corpse in Scobie's swimming pool. The dead man was an informer involved in Scobie's recent drug investigation.
 Deathtrap is a play by Ira Levin in 1978 with many plot twists and references itself as a play within a play. It is in two acts with one set and five characters. It holds the record for the longest running comedy-thriller on Broadway and was also nominated for the Tony Award for Best Play. Deathtrap was well received by many and has been frequently revived. It was adapted into a film starring Christopher Reeve Michael Caine and Dyan Cannon in 1982.
 The Iceman Cometh is a play written by American playwright Eugene O'Neill in 1939. First published in 1946 the play premiered on Broadway at the Martin Beck Theatre on October 9th 1946 directed by Eddie Dowling where it ran for 136 performances before closing on March 15th 1947.
 The City of the Sun (Italian: La città del Sole; Latin: Civitas Solis) is a philosophical work by the Italian Dominican philosopher Tommaso Campanella. It is an important early utopian work. The work was written in Italian in 1602 shortly after Campanella's imprisonment for heresy and sedition. A Latin version was written in 1613–1614 and published in Frankfurt in 1623.
 The Lords of Discipline is a 1980 novel by Pat Conroy.
 The Source is a United States-based monthly full-color magazine covering hip-hop music politics and culture founded in 1988. It is the world's second longest running rap periodical behind United Kingdom-based publication Hip Hop Connection. The Source was founded as a newsletter in 1988.
 Race Life of the Aryan Peoples is a book written by Joseph Pomeroy Widney published in New York by Funk & Wagnalls in 1907 of the history of the Aryan race a hypothesized race commonly described in the late 19th and early 20th century as consisting of native Indo-European Language-speaking peoples of Caucasian ancestry i.e. those ethnic groups that are the native speakers of Indo-European Languages regarded as descended from the original speakers of Proto-Indo European.At the time the book was published the Aryan race was generally regarded as one of the three major branches of the Caucasian race along with the Semitic race and the Hamitic race. 
 Makhi (Greek: Μάχη meaning Battle or Struggle) is a Greek-language Cypriot daily newspaper with close affiliation to radical right-wing and nationalist ideas. It was founded in 1960 by journalist and former EOKA gunman Nikos Sampson as the voice of his Progressive Front a nationalist party.Historically it has expressed the Enosis view urging for a complete union to motherland Greece and with a strong anti-colonialist anti-marxist and anti-Turkish orientation.
 Crusade is a novel written by Elizabeth Laird and first published by Macmillan in 2007. It is set in the Third Crusade and focuses on a Saracen boy named Salim and an English boy called Adam. It was shortlisted for the 2007 Costa Children's Book Award.
 Earthquake Terror is one of Peg Kehret's most popular books.[citation needed] It tells the tale of how a boy named Jonathan has to help his crippled six-year old sister Abby during an earthquake while their parents are at a hospital. An excerpt of Earthquake Terror is currently used in the fifth grade language arts book by Houghton Mifflin in California .
 Airport is a bestselling 1968 novel by Arthur Hailey about a large metropolitan airport and the personalities of the people who use rely and suffer from its operation. This book was adapted into a major motion picture starring Burt Lancaster George Kennedy Dean Martin and Van Heflin among others and inspired three sequels: Airport 1975 Airport '77 and The Concorde ... Airport '79.
 The Gateway newspaper is a fortnightly business and careers newspaper distributed at fifteen universities in the United Kingdom. First published at Oxford University in October 2007 The Gateway is often dubbed the student FT due to being printed on the same light salmon paper as the Financial Times.
 The Gates of Aulis is the first novel by the American writer Gladys Schmitt (1909–1972) set a fictional version of 1940s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The novel tells the story of Carl Hasselmann and his sister Ellie provincial supersensitive Americans who wrestle with existential questions.
 Voodoo Child is a comic book limited series published by Virgin Comics and created by Nicolas Cage and his son Weston Coppola Cage. The series is written by Mike Carey with art by Dean Hyrapiet. The cover for the premiere issue was created by Ben Templesmith.
 Pirate Diary: The Journal of Jake Carpenter is an account of the pirate life cast as the journal of a young cabin boy written by Richard Platt and illustrated by Chris Riddell. It was published by Walker in 2001 two years after Castle Diary also by Platt and Riddell. Platt continued the Diary series with illustrator David Parkins.Pirate Diary won the annual Kate Greenaway Medal from the professional librarians recognising the year's best-illustrated children's book published in the U.K.
 The Trojan War Will Not Take Place (French title: La guerre de Troie n'aura pas lieu) is a play written in 1935 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux. In 1955 it was translated into English by Christopher Fry with the title Tiger at the Gates.
 Nanjung Ilgi or War Diary of Yi Sun-sin is the personal diary of Korean Admiral Yi Sun-sin (Hangul: 이순신 Hanja: 李舜臣) during the Joseon Dynasty. It was written between January 1 1592 and November 17 1598 by the Admiral himself. It directly explains the Seven Years' War in the Admiral's perspective.It is the 76th national treasure of Korea and listed in UNESCO's Memory of the World registry.
 Geek Monthly was an American print magazine that was launched in 2006 under the guidance of editor-in-chief Jeff Bond by CFQ Media who was previously responsible for relaunching the classic science fiction/fantasy magazine Cinefantastique and its sister publication Femme Fatales. Geek Monthly later became part of Fusion Publishing which was best known for the video gaming magazine Play.
 Poems in Two Volumes is a collection of poetry by William Wordsworth published in 1807.It contains many notable poems including: Resolution and Independence I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud (sometimes anthologized as The Daffodils) My Heart Leaps Up Ode: Intimations of Immortality Ode to Duty The Solitary Reaper Elegiac Stanzas Composed upon Westminster Bridge September 3 1802 London 1802 The world is too much with us
 The Afghanistan Times Daily is an independent English language newspaper published in Kabul Afghanistan. Established in 2005 the newspaper is published on 12 pages and contains articles focusing on local issues of political social and cultural significance.
 Kimia Khatoon is a Persian language novel by Saideh Ghods.Kimia Khatoon has been a best-seller for twelve consecutive months since its publication. It is originally written in Persian. It has been translated into Turkish (where it also became a bestseller) and was (as of February 21 2011) being translated into English.The novel is about Rumi’s stepdaughter who found her way in his Hiram after the marriage of her mother Kera Khatoon to the Sufi mystic and poet.
 Wild Minds is a science fiction short story published in 1998 by Michael Swanwick. It was nominated for the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
 Plutonia is a novel released in 1915 by Vladimir Obruchev. It is a hollow-earth-type of science fiction novel set in an underground world of rivers lakes volcanoes and strange vegetation a world which has its own sun – Pluto – and is inhabited by monstrous animals and primitive people. The author uses the plot for the purpose of introducing the reader to the animal and plant life of ancient geological periods in their natural surroundings.
 Wen Wei Po is a Hong Kong-based Chinese language newspaper first established in Shanghai in January 1938 with the Hong Kong version launched on 9 September 1948.The publishing of Wen Wei Po aims at supporting New China that is the People's Republic of China and delivering the latest Mainland developments especially over the last 20 years. A rare exception was in 1989 when the editorial board openly objected to the use of force in the 1989 Tiananmen Square Protests.
 Sisterhood is Powerful is a 1970 anthology of radical feminist writings edited by Robin Morgan a feminist poet and founding member of New York Radical Women. It was one of the first widely available anthologies of second-wave feminism.The compilation included classic feminist essays by activists such as Naomi Weisstein Lucinda Cisler Kate Millett Eleanor Holmes Norton Flo Kennedy Frances Beale Jo Freeman and Mary Daly as well as historical documents including the N.O.W.
 The Pilgrim's Regress is a book of allegorical fiction by C. S. Lewis. This 1933 novel — Lewis's first-published work of prose fiction — and his third piece of work to be published charts the progress of a fictional character called John through a philosophical landscape in search of the Island of his desire.
 Tropical Grasslands was a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Tropical Grassland Society of Australia which was formed in 1963. The journal was established in 1967 and was discontinued in 2010 when the Tropical Grassland Society of Australia closed due to declining membership. It covered ecological and agricultural aspects of grasslands. Archived digital copies of articles are available for free online. The founding editor-in-chief was N.H. Shaw and the final editor was L. Wirks.
 The Devil's Alternative is a novel by British writer Frederick Forsyth first published in 1979. It was his fourth full-length novel and marked a new direction in his work setting the story several years in the future (to 1982) rather than in the recent past. The work evolved from an unfilmed screenplay entitled No Alternative.
 Yurumates (ゆるめいつ Yurumeitsu) is a Japanese yonkoma manga series written and illustrated by saxyun. The series revolve around four university students living together in a cheap apartment building. It has been adapted into two OVAs and an anime series that premiered April 2012 under the name Yurumates 3D.
 The Fall of Doctor Onslow is a novel by Frances Vernon published in 1994. Many of its characters are loosely based on real people sometimes with names changed.
 Now the Hell Will Start: One Soldier's Flight from the Greatest Manhunt of World War II (2008) is a narrative nonfiction history book by United States author Brendan I. Koerner.It investigates and recounts the story of Herman Perry an African-American World War II soldier assigned in the China-Burma-India theatre of the war. Perry killed a white officer while helping construct the Ledo Road.
 Sab is a novel written by Gertrudis Gomez de Avellaneda in 1841. In the story Sab a mulato slave—who is in love with Carlota the white daughter of his master—is the main character.
 Luckey Quarter is a short story by Stephen King. It was originally published in the June 30/July 2 1995 issue of USA Weekend. In 1997 it was published in the limited-edition collection Six Stories. In 2002 it was collected in King's collection Everything's Eventual.
 The History of a Town is a fictional chronicle by Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin first published in 1870 and regarded as the major satirical Russian novel of the 19th century. Originally it came out subtitled: Based on true historical documents and published by M.E.Saltykov (Shchedrin) implying the latter to be a publisher not the author.
 The Ballad of Peckham Rye is a novel written in 1960 by the Scottish author Muriel Spark. It tells the story of a devilish Scottish migrant Dougal Douglas who moves to Peckham in London and wreaks havoc amongst the lives of the inhabitants. The text draws upon the supernatural as well as issues of Irish and Scottish migrancy and offers a critique of the sterile and unremarkable nature of the lives of the Peckham working class.
 A Closed Book is a short novel by Gilbert Adair published in 2000.The book starts with a slightly awkward meeting between a crotchety blind author and a sighted interviewee he seeks to employ as his assistant.The narrative is presented almost entirely through dialogue between the two men puctuated by fragments of the writer's diary. As the two men's relationship develops it becomes clear that both have something to hide.A film based on the novel was released in 2010.
 International Debates published by Congressional Digest Corp. is a 36-page monthly publication featuring controversies before the United Nations and other international forums.
 My Sister's Keeper is a 2004 novel written by Jodi Picoult. It tells the story of 13-year-old Anna who litigates her parents for medical emancipation when she is expected to donate a kidney to her sister Kate who is dying from leukemia.
 The Way West is a 1949 western novel by A. B. Guthrie Jr. (descendant of a family that traveled west). The novel won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1950. The book became the basis for a film starring Kirk Douglas Robert Mitchum and Richard Widmark.The novel is one in the sequence of six by A. B. Guthrie Jr. dealing with the Oregon Trail and the development of Montana from 1830 the time of the mountain men to the cattle empire of the 1880s to the near present..
 Created By is a 1993 horror novel by Richard Christian Matheson.
 CanadaOne is a free online business magazine targeting small business owners and micro businesses in Canada. The site was launched on March 3 1998 and was first represented by Clickthrough (which later became 24/7 Real Media Canada) then joined the Canoe.ca network in March 2009 and is now with BV! Media a Rogers Digital Media Property.
 Archaic is an American comic book series created by writer James S. Abrams and artist Brett Marting. The series is published through Fenickx Productions LLC and saw its debut at the 2005 Comic-Con International in San Diego. The comic itself is an epic fantasy adventure containing many references (both in mythology and language) to Slovakian lore.
 Het Volk (English: The People) was a Belgian newspaper that focused on news with a human undertone.
 Yaiba also known as Legend of the Swordmaster Yaiba (剣勇伝説YAIBA Ken'yū Densetsu Yaiba) is a shōnen manga series by Gosho Aoyama. It ran in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday from issue 39 of 1988 to issue 50 of 1993 collected in 24 tankōbon volumes. It also came in 12 double volumes. In 1993 it received the Shogakukan Manga Award.
 For the 1931 film based on Christie's play see Alibi (1931 film).Alibi is a 1928 play by Michael Morton based on The Murder of Roger Ackroyd a novel by British crime writer Agatha Christie.It opened at the Prince of Wales Theatre in London's West End on 15 May 1928 starring Charles Laughton as Hercule Poirot. It was deemed a success and ran for 250 performances closing on 7 December 1928.
 Orbit 1 was a 1966 science fiction short story anthology edited by Damon Knight.
 Badger's Green is a 1930 British comedy play written by R.C. Sheriff. A company has ambitious plans to redevelop the quiet picturesque village of Badger's Green.
 The Real Anita Hill is a controversial 1993 book written by David Brock that claims to reveal the true motives of Anita Hill who had accused Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment during his 1991 confirmation hearings.
 Citizen Power: A Mandate for Change is a 2008 book on American politics by 2008 United States presidential candidate Mike Gravel published by Authorhouse. It describes the numerous efforts that Gravel has experienced throughout his political career as an Alaska state legislator and United States Senator from the 1960s 1970s and into the 1980s. His blueprint for a ballot initiative within the Federal government of the United States known as the National Initiative is also detailed greatly.
 Fatwa on Terrorism and Suicide Bombings is a 600-page (Urdu version) 512-page (English version) Islamic decree by scholar Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri which demonstrates from the Quran and Sunnah that terrorism and suicide bombings are unjust and evil and thus un-Islamic. It was published in London as a book. The English edition was published in the UK by Minhaj-ul-Quran Publications. Qadri released the fatwa on 2 March 2010.
 Green Monkey Dreams is a 1996 fantasy short story by Isobelle Carmody.
 Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center is the second book by bell hooks published in 1984. The book confirmed her importance as a leader in radical feminist thought.
 Inquiry The Journal of Health Care Organization Provision and Financing is a quarterly peer-reviewed healthcare journal covering public policy issues innovative concepts and original research in healthcare provision.
 Heart of Darkness (1899) is a short novel by Polish novelist Joseph Conrad written as a frame narrative about Charles Marlow’s life as an ivory transporter down the Congo River in Central Africa.
 Spike vs Dracula is a comic book limited series based on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel television series. Initially printed between February and June 2006 as five separate issues the series was collected as a trade paperback in September 2006. In 2009 it was collected in the Spike Omnibus.
 Demon in My View is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and published on May 9 2000. Originally entitled Bitter Life it was published when the author was 16. It is the follow-up to In the Forests of the Night which she wrote at the age of 13. The title refers Edgar Allan Poe’s poem Alone which appears in the beginning of the book.The novel was an ALA Quick Pick.
 The Glass Lake is a novel by Maeve Binchy. Similar to other Binchy novels this book is set in a rural Irish village in the 1950s as well as London. It is notable as the last of Binchy's novels to be set in the 1950s. The story focuses on Kit McMahon and her relationship with her mother with the story spanning about a decade. In one of Binchy's stronger books she explores the roles of women in Irish society inconstant lovers and uses an operatic plot to hold a reader's attention.
 Fantázia was a Slovak science fiction fantasy and horror magazine. It was first published in July 1997. The magazine was started in Šaľa Slovakia by Ivan Aľakša who served as its editor until 2006 when he withdrew to concentrate on publishing duties and was replaced by Juraj Malíček.Fantázia went on a hiatus in 2007 before being relaunched in 2008 with broader focus on various elements of popular culture in an attempt to win over a larger audience.
 New Writings in SF 11 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the eleventh volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in paperback by Corgi in 1967 followed by a hardcover edition by Dennis Dobson in 1968.
 Vast is a science fiction novel by Linda Nagata part of her loosely connected Nanotech Succession sequence.
 The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea (Japanese: 午後の曳航 meaning The Afternoon Towing) is a novel written by Yukio Mishima published in Japanese in 1963 and translated into English by John Nathan in 1965.
 David Graham's Down to a Sunless Sea (1979) is a post-apocalyptic novel about a planeload of people during and after a short nuclear war set in a near-future world where the USA is critically short of oil. The title of the book is taken from a line of the poem Kubla Khan by Samuel Taylor Coleridge.Lin Carter wrote a fantasy novel with the same title (ISBN 978-1-4344-9797-0) also derived from the same Coleridge poem.
 Lover is a lesbian feminist novel by Bertha Harris published in 1976 by Daughters Inc. a Vermont small press dedicated to women's fiction. It is considered Harris's most ambitious work and has been compared to Djuna Barnes's Nightwood and the stories of Jane Bowles. Harris has said that it was written straight from the libido while I was madly in love and liberated by the lesbian cultural movement of the mid-1970s.
 Les Fourmis (English: The Ants) is a 1991 science fiction novel by French writer Bernard Werber. It was released in English as Empire of the Ants. The book sold more than two million copies and has been translated into more than 30 languages. It was also taken to video-game format.Les Fourmis is first in a three-part trilogy followed by Le Jour Des Fourmis (The Day of the Ants 1992) and La Révolution des fourmis (The Revolution of the Ants 1996).
 The London Review of Books (or LRB) is a British journal of literary and intellectual essays. Published semi-monthly (24 times a year) it has the largest circulation of any literary magazine in Europe and is considered the leading journal edited by a woman in the Western world.
 Hell Teacher Nūbē (地獄先生ぬ〜べ〜 Jigoku Sensei Nūbē) is a horror-comedy manga created by the collaborative efforts of writer Shō Makura (真倉翔) and artist Takeshi Okano in Shueisha's manga anthology book Weekly Shōnen Jump. The series ran for 276 chapters (not including the two pilot chapters where Nūbē was known as Nubo (ぬ〜ぼ〜 Nūbō)) from Issue 38 1993 through Issue 24 1999. A 49-episode anime series based on the manga was created by Toei Animation and aired from 1996–1997 on TV Asahi.
 Weird Fantasy is a science fiction anthology comic that was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s. The companion comic for Weird Fantasy was Weird Science. Over a four-year span Weird Fantasy ran for 22 issues ending with the November–December 1953 issue.
 Committed was an American comic strip written and drawn by Michael Fry. It ran from 1994 to 2006 and was syndicated by United Feature Syndicate. The strip was a family-oriented strip focusing on a suburban family composed of two young children and their parents. It was also adapted into an animated TV series in 2001.
 Absolute Midnight is the third book in the New York Times best-selling Abarat series by Clive Barker. It is a dystopian fantasy-adventure which follows the story of Candy Quackenbush and her journeys through the world of the Abarat. The book contains more than 125 full color illustrations. The story continues Candy’s journey in the extraordinary world of the Abarat with familiar friends and new foes.
 Last Words: The Final Journals of William S. Burroughs is a collection of diary entries made by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs between November 16 1996 and July 30 1997 only a few days before his death on August 2 at the age of 83.
 Deeper is a 2007 novel by Jeff Long and is the sequel to his 1999 novel The Descent. It continues the first book's exploration of the dark subterranean world populated by the brutal hominid offshoot Homo hadalis.
 India: The Rise of an Asian Giant is a 2008 book by Dietmar Rothermund which describes the contemporary state of the major influences on the economy of India.
 PULP Magazine is a Philippine-based monthly music magazine that is published by the Fookien Times Philippines Yearbook Publishing Co. Inc. and which has catered to Filipino music fans in the country and other parts of the world for almost a decade now.
 Suzuki Sensei (鈴木先生) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kenzi Taketomi. It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series in 2011 and into a film that premiered on 12 January 2013.
 Turning On is a collection of thirteen science fiction short stories by Damon Knight. The stories were originally published between 1951 and 1965 in Galaxy Analog and other science fiction magazines. An Ace paperback reprinting in 1967 omitted the story The Handler. This story was also omitted in the 1966 reissue of the Doubleday hardback edition.
 Travel Scholarships (French: Bourses de voyage) is an 1903 adventure novel by Jules Verne.
 The Missoula Independent is a free weekly alternative newspaper in Missoula Montana USA.The Independent publishes investigative journalism political analysis and critical coverage of local music and culture. The paper also maintains an events calendar for the Missoula area. The Independent also publishes nationally syndicated columns including News Quirks by Roland Sweet Advice Goddess by Amy Alkon Free Will Astrology by Rob Brezsny and several local columns as well.
 Benita: An African Romance is a 1906 novel by H Rider Haggard.
 The Baltimore Sun is the U.S. state of Maryland’s largest general-circulation daily newspaper and provides coverage of local and regional news events issues people and industries.The Sun was founded on May 17 1837 by printer Arunah Shepherdson Abell and two associates. The Abell family owned the paper through to 1910 when the Black family gained a controlling interest. The paper was sold in 1986 to the Times-Mirror Company of Los Angeles.
 The Politics of Experience and The Bird of Paradise is a 1967 book by Scottish psychiatrist R.D. Laing comprising two essays. The work was inspired by Laing’s extensive experimentation with LSD.
 BrainBanx is a six-issue comic book limited series published in 1997 as part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix. Written by Elaine Lee and featuring artwork by Jason Temujin Minor the title narrates the tale of the red-headed Anna Elysian a telepathic intelligence operative working undercover in a distant future world.
 The San Francisco Independent was a free newspaper distributed several times per week in San Francisco California and owned by the Pan Asia Venture Capital Corp. which also owned the AsianWeek newspaper. The newspaper began as the Lake Merced Independent before being purchased in 1987 by John Fang who had been a Chinese journalist in pre-Communist China before moving to California where he ran a printing business. Fang gave the newspaper to his 24-year old son Ted Fang as birthday present.
 First Light (Bengali: প্রথম আলো) is an award-winning novel by Sunil Gangopadhyay. It encompasses the second half of nineteenth century of Indian history specially then ongoing Bengal Renaissance. The story of the novel centers around many historical figures including Rabindranath Tagore Swami Vivekananda Ramakrishna Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar George Curzon and etc.
 The African Journal of Reproductive Health/La Revue Africaine de la Santé Reproductive is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes original research on reproductive health in Africa. The online edition of the journal hosts abstracts of articles from issues dating back to 2001 (vol. 5). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Index Medicus/MEDLINE.
 Business Bhutan is Bhutan's only financial newspaper. A weekly paper written mainly in English with a Dzongkha language section focuses on business finance and politics in Bhutan.
 FinanzArchiv (Public Finance Analysis) is an international academic journal of economics published quarterly by Mohr Siebeck Tübingen Germany.The journal publishes high quality papers in all fields of public finance such as taxation public debt public goods public choice federalism market failure social policy and the welfare state.
 Forest Born is a fantasy novel by Shannon Hale. It is the fourth book in the Books of Bayern series.
 Gesta is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the area of medieval art. It was established in 1963 and is published by the University of Chicago Press. The editors-in-chief are Linda Safran (Pontifical Institute of Mediaeval Studies) and Adam S. Cohen (University of Toronto).
 Bring Me the Head of Prince Charming (1991) is a fantasy novel by Roger Zelazny and Robert Sheckley.
 El Vocero (English: The Spokesperson) is a Puerto Rican free newspaper that is published in San Juan.Published since 1974 El Vocero was at first the third of the four largest Puerto Rico newspapers trailing El Mundo and El Nuevo Día and leading The San Juan Star in sales. With the temporary demise in the late 1980s of El Mundo El Vocero became even more popular becoming the island's second largest newspaper. It is owned since 1985 by Caribbean International News Corp.
 1633 is an alternate history novel co-written by Eric Flint and David Weber and sequel to 1632 in the 1632 series. 1633 is the second major novel in the series and together with the anthology Ring of Fire the two sequels begin the series hallmarks of being a shared universe with collaborative writing being very common as well as one—far more unusual— which mixes many canonical anthologies with its works of novel length.
 The Tunnel (Spanish: El túnel) is a dark psychological novel written by Argentine writer Ernesto Sabato about a deranged porteño painter Juan Pablo Castel and his obsession with a woman. The story's title refers to the symbol for Castel's emotional and physical isolation from society which becomes increasingly apparent as Castel proceeds to tell from his jail cell the series of events that enabled him to murder the only person capable of understanding him.
 The Red Pavilion is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book features six illustrations by the author and a map of Paradise Island (the setting for the story).
 Tales of Magic and Mystery is a 1985 anthology of 11 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders.
 The New York Trilogy is a series of novels by Paul Auster. Originally published sequentially as City of Glass (1985) Ghosts (1986) and The Locked Room (1986) it has since been collected into a single volume.
 Notes of a Native Son is a non-fiction book by James Baldwin. It was Baldwin's first non-fiction book and was published in 1955. The volume collects ten of Baldwin's essays which had previously appeared in such magazines as Harper's Magazine Partisan Review and The New Leader. The essays mostly tackle issues of race in America and Europe.
 A Dog of Flanders is an 1872 novel by English author Marie Louise de la Ramée published with her pseudonym Ouida. It is about a Flemish boy named Nello and the titular dog Patrasche.The story of English origin has not been read widely in Belgium but is becoming better known because of the tourists it attracts to Antwerp.
 The Proceedings of the IEEE is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). The journal focuses on electrical engineering and computer science. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 6.810 ranking it second out of 245 journals in the category Engineering Electrical & Electronic.
 Kaleva is a Finnish subscription newspaper published in Oulu. The newspaper founded in 1899 by Juho Raappana has today the fourth biggest circulation of seven day newspapers in Finland with 81593 delivered pieces in 2007.
 My Name Is Caroline is an autobiography by Caroline Adams Miller chronicling her struggle with bulimia.According to a review in the New York Times the book is structured similarly to most autobiographies by former alcoholics. It describes Miller's seven-year slide into degradation and despair with the initial chapters acting as almost a how-to guide for bulimics.
 L'Écho taurin was a publication from Béziers France which called for support to 'bull-fighting and southern freedoms'. It was founded as a weekly newspaper in 1882. In 1932 it became a seasonal publication. In the 1930s its director was J. Rodriguez.
 Conan the Gladiator is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in January 1995 and was reprinted in August 1999. Carpenter dedicated the book to L. Sprague de Camp.
 Scientologie Wissenschaft von der Beschaffenheit und der Tauglichkeit des Wissens (Scientology: Science of the Constitution and Usefulness of Knowledge) is a 1934 book published by Dr. Anastasius Nordenholz in which he defines the term Scientologie or Eidologie as a science of knowing or knowledge and discusses the philosophical implications of the concept. The book has been cited by some as a possible source of inspiration for L.
 A Time of Changes is a 1971 science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg. It won the Nebula Award for that year and was also nominated for the Hugo and Locus Awards for in 1972.
 Karl Marx: The Story of His Life (German: Karl Marx. Geschichte seines Lebens) is a 1918 book by Franz Mehring the classical biography of Karl Marx. It has been translated into many languages including Russian (1920) Danish (1922) Hungarian (1925) Japanese (1930) Spanish (1932) and English (1935).
 A Beuk o’ Newcassell Sangs is a pictorial book giving details of local songs including the lyrics and in many cases the music and all beautifully illustrated with the author's own woodcuts. It was published in 1888. It was reprinted in 1965 by Harold Hill Newcastle upon Tyne.
 The Kiki Strike series by Kirsten Miller is a series of novels revolving around the adventures of six girls in Manhattan and currently consists of three books (Inside the Shadow City The Empress's Tomb and The Darkness Dwellers).Five delinquent Girl Scoutsa million hungry ratsone secret city beneath Manhattan and a butt-kicking girl superspy-Welcome to the world of Kiki Strike''Told from Ananka's point of view these books describe the adventures of the Irregulars a group of girls who join together to explore the underground city under Manhattan called The Shadow City.
 Femmes du Maroc (Women of Morocco) is a monthly Moroccan women's magazine. The magazine was first published in 1995. In 2007 each issue sold around 13.500 copies which made it the most widely read monthly French language magazine in the country.
 Pioneers in Ingolstadt (German: Pioniere in Ingolstadt) is a play by German playwright Marieluise Fleißer which premiered on 25 March 1928 in Dresden. The play is set in 1926 and is described as a comedy in 14 Scenes. Fleißer based the play on real incidents and worked on it in collaboration with Bertolt Brecht. The play was revised and produced at the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm in Berlin in March and April 1929 directed by Brecht and Jacob Geis with set-design by Caspar Neher.
 The Inheritors is the 1955 second novel by the British author William Golding best known for Lord of the Flies. It was his personal favourite of his novels and concerns the extinction of one of the last remaining tribes of Neanderthals at the hands of the more sophisticated (and malevolent) Homo sapiens.
 Gear is a six-issue comic book limited series written and illustrated by Doug TenNapel. It was published in six issues by Fireman Press Ltd a production company and publishing house. The issues were reprinted in trade paperback form by Image Comics in 2007. Many of the characters presented in the book were retooled for TenNapel's Nickelodeon cartoon series Catscratch.Gear featured black-and-white artwork mostly created with an ink brush by TenNapel.
 The Journal of Physics B: Atomic Molecular and Optical Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published biweekly by IOP Publishing. It was established in 1968 from the division of the earlier title Physical Society (London) Proceedings. In 2006 the Journal of Optics B: Quantum and Semiclassical Optics was merged with the Journal of Physics B. The editor-in-chief is Paul Corkum (University of Ottawa-NRC Canada).
 The Catholic University Law Review is a student-run quarterly law review published by the Columbus School of Law (The Catholic University of America).
 Seara (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈse̯ara] meaning The Evening) was a daily newspaper published in Bucharest Romania before and during World War I. Owned by politician Grigore Gheorghe Cantacuzino and through most of its existence managed by the controversial Alexandru Bogdan-Pitești it was an unofficial and unorthodox tribune for the Conservative Party. Its involvement in politics sparked numerous scandals the longest of which came during the neutrality period (1914–1916).
 Death of a River Guide is a 1994 novel by Australian author Richard Flanagan. Death of a River Guide was Flanagan's first novel.
 Etidorhpa or the end of the earth: the strange history of a mysterious being and the account of a remarkable journey is the title of a scientific allegory or science fiction novel by John Uri Lloyd a pharmacognocist and pharmaceutical manufacturer of Cincinnati Ohio.
 The SCMS Journal of Indian Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the School of Communication and Management Studies (Cochin India). The journal publishes research papers largely focused on economics corporate finance and business management.Though many of its articles examine issues related to India the journal is not exclusively India-focused. Its founder and editor-in-chief is G.P.C. Nayar (SCMS Group of Educational Institutions).
 Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches ( 山田くんと７人の魔女 Yamada-kun to 7-nin no Majo) is an ongoing manga series written and illustrated by Miki Yoshikawa. The series has been published by Kodansha in their Weekly Shonen Magazine since February 22 2012. The series has been licensed in Chinese by the Taiwanese publishing company Tong Li. It was adapted into a live-action television drama which aired on FujiTV from August–September 2013.
 The Pleasure of the Text is a short book published in 1973 by Roland Barthes. It was written in French and later translated into English. Barthes sets out some of his ideas about literary theory. In the book Barthes divides the effects of texts into two: plaisir (translated as pleasure) and jouissance. Jouissance is translated as bliss but the French word also carries the meaning of orgasm.
 The Journal of the European Economic Association is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of economics. It was established in 2003 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Economic Association.
 Fact Magazine was an American publication that commented on controversial topics.
 Jhatka Parkash (Punjabi: ਝਟਕਾ ਪ੍ਰਕਾਸ਼)also called Jhatka Parkash Granth is a book written by Giani Niranjan Singh Saral a leading preacher of the SGPC concerning historical philosophical etymological and theological aspects of Jhatka and Meat eating in Sikh Religion. This text was written in response to Randhir Singh's writing Jhatke Prithaye Tat Gurmat Nirney which harshly demotes Jhatka practice in Sikhs.
 Orbis is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on international relations and the foreign policy of the United States. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Foreign Policy Research Institute. Orbis was established by Robert Strausz-Hupé in response to his dissatisfaction with the Council on Foreign Relations' Foreign Affairs in which he never published an article. Strausz-Hupé edited the journal himself from its first issue in 1957 until 1969 when he was succeeded by William R.
 An Introduction to the Theoretical Basis of Nursing is the book that details Martha E. Rogers' grand nursing theory of the science of unitary human beings. The book serves as the theoretical basis for several nursing specialties including holistic nursing and space nursing.
 Dream Dancer is a 1980 novel by Janet Morris the first in her Kerrion Space trilogy.
 Personality and Social Psychology Review is a journal published by the Society for Personality and Social Psychology (SPSP). It publishes review and meta analytic articles on subjects like social cognition attitudes group processes social influence intergroup relations self and identity nonverbal communication and social psychological aspects of affect and emotion and of language and discourse.
 The Legacy of Heorot is a science fiction novel written in 1987 by Larry Niven Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes. Reproduction and fertility expert Dr Jack Cohen acted as a consultant on the book designing the novel life cycle of the alien antagonists the grendels.This is the first book in the Heorot series. It concerns the establishment of the first human colony on Avalon fourth planet of Tau Ceti.
 The Master of Ballantrae: A Winter's Tale is a book by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson focusing upon the conflict between two brothers Scottish noblemen whose family is torn apart by the Jacobite rising of 1745. He worked on the book in Tautira after his health was restored.
 The Courier-Journal locally called The C-J is the main newspaper for the city of Louisville Kentucky United States. According to the 1999 Editor & Publisher International Yearbook the paper is the 48th largest daily paper in the U.S. and the single largest in Kentucky.
 Sharp Teeth is a 2008 novel in free verse by American writer Toby Barlow. It won the 2009 Alex Award and is the Horror entry on the 2009 Best Adult Genre Fiction Reading List.
 Armageddon's Children is the first novel in Terry Brooks' fantasy trilogy The Genesis of Shannara which bridges the events of Brooks' Word/Void trilogy with his Shannara series. It takes place in an apocalyptic world around the year 2100 (about eighty years after the novel Angel Fire East) and details the events during the Great Wars a historical conflict referenced frequently in the Shannara books. It is followed by the novel The Elves of Cintra.
 Angel and Apostle is a novel written by Deborah Noyes and published in 2005. It is often viewed as a sequel to The Scarlet Letter a novel by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne but it is more like a companion due to the overlap of events between the novels.
 Poseidon's Gold is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Blind Man With a Pistol is a 1969 fiction novel by Chester Himes. It is the 8th book in the Harlem Cycle series.
 Ravenloft: Realm of Terror is a boxed set accessory published in 1990 for the Ravenloft campaign setting for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Record is a Portuguese sports newspaper founded by Manuel Dias published in Lisbon. Although it covers most sports football is the focal point of it and almost always is the only sport referred to on the cover.
 The Complex: How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives is a book about the United States military written by journalist Nick Turse. It was published in 2008 in hardcover format by Metropolitan Books. The book describes the vast changes in the industrial complex of the U.S. military from the days of President Dwight D. Eisenhower to 2008 its effect on American society and how the military and private business spheres interact with each other.
 And All Between is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Zilpha Keatley Snyder the second book in the Green Sky Trilogy.The book's title comes from one of the Green-sky chants containing the phrase And all between becomes among / And they are we and old is young / And earth is sky / And all is one.
 Requiem for the Conqueror is a Science Fiction novel by W. Michael Gear.
 Son is the fourth book in The Giver quartet by Lois Lowry. It was preceded by Messenger the third book of the series. The book follows Claire the mother of Gabriel the baby seen in The Giver.
 Evenor is a collection of fantasy novelettes by 19th century Scottish author George MacDonald edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fifty-third volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in November 1972.
 Island is a novel by Jane Rogers first published in 1999. It is a contemporary novel set on an isolated Scottish island partly inspired by Shakespeare's The Tempest. It uses folk tales and short episodes of brutal psychological realism to describe the mental transformation of an angry young woman.The novel has been adapted for the film Island which was released in 2011. 2
 The Laughter of Carthage is the second novel in the Pyat Quartet tetralogy of novels by Michael Moorcock. It was first published in 1984 by Secker & Warburg. It was written in tandem one during the day and one at night with the second novel in the Von Bek series The City in the Autumn Stars.
 Doctor Zhivago (Russian: До́ктор Жива́го Doktor Zhivago Russian pronunciation: [ˈdoktər ʐɪˈvaɡə]) is a novel by Boris Pasternak first published in 1957 in Italy. The novel is named after its protagonist Yuri Zhivago a physician and poet and takes place between the Russian Revolution of 1905 and the Second World War.Due to its independent minded stance on the October Revolution Doctor Zhivago was refused publication in the USSR.
 Murphy first published in 1938 is an avant-garde novel as well as the third work of prose fiction by the Irish author and dramatist Samuel Beckett. The book was Beckett's second published prose work after the short-story collection More Pricks than Kicks (published in 1934) and his unpublished first novel Dream of Fair to Middling Women (published posthumously in 1992). It was written in English rather than the French of much of Beckett's later writing.
 The New Buffalo Times is the official source of information on news and events in the city of New Buffalo and surrounding New Buffalo Township plus other communities within the Harbor Country region of southwestern Berrien County Michigan. It is a weekly newspaper published each Wednesday.The Times is one of three weekly newspapers serving the inhabitants of Harbor Country the others being Harbor Country News and The South County Gazette.
 Inorganica Chimica Acta is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1967 that covers original research and reviews of fundamental and applied aspects of inorganic chemistry.
 The Qing Ding Pearl (《慶頂珠》 simplified 庆顶珠) is a Chinese play. It dates back to the Song Dynasty and is still performed in adapted forms in the Beijing Opera.The play is known by other titles: Two sections (折 zhe) of the main play are sometimes performed separately as The Fisherman's Revenge《漁夫恨》 or A Fisherman Kills a Family (《打漁殺家》 simplified 打渔杀家 dayu sha jia)also Collecting the Fishing Tax (《討漁稅》 taoyushui).
 Chronicles of Amber is the title of several different omnibus anthologies of Roger Zelazny's Amber novels.
 The Wood of Suicides is a 2014 debut novel by Australian writer Laura Elizabeth Woollett. It centers on a 17-year-old girl's affair with her English teacher after her father commits suicide.
 iCar was a British automobile magazine published by Future. It was launched in May 2011 as a quarterly car magazine edited by Jeremy Laird.The magazine's aim was to cover more sustainable cars. It was very short-lived with only two issues being published before being closed in August 2011.
 Girls' Life (ガールズライフ Gāruzu Raifu) is a Japanese yuri light novel written by Kimura Uzuki and illustrated by Hina Shirogane published as single 144-page novel on December 25 2005 by Singpoosha Publishing under their Jam Novels label (ISBN 4-7974-6994-3).
 Intereconomics – Review of European Economic Policy is a bimonthly magazine covering economic and social policy issues in Europe or affecting Europe. The editor-in-chief is Brigitte Preissl and it is published by Springer Science+Business Media. It is an official publication of the German National Library of Economics (ZBW) and the Centre for European Policy Studies.
 Trying is a drama by Canadian-born playwright Joanna Glass that premiered at Chicago's Victory Gardens Theater on March 29 2004. The two-act play depicts the final year in the life Francis Biddle—the United States Attorney General under President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Chief Judge of the Nuremberg trials—as it was seen through the eyes of his then twenty-five-year-old assistant Sarah Schorr.
 ··Chamatkara Chintamani is a revered treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology. It comprises one hundred and eight Sanskrit Slokas written by Bhatta Narayana. Brij Behari Lal Sharma the modern translator and commentator of this treatise writes that it was probably written in the 14th Century A.D. and that the author belonged to a Brahmin family hailing from Maharashtra which had settled in Mysore Karnataka.
 JAMA Psychiatry (until 2013: Archives of General Psychiatry) is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Medical Association. It publishes original articles about psychiatry mental health behavioral sciences and related fields.
 Hiša groze is a novel by Slovenian author Janje Vidmar. It was first published in 2000.
 Ambient is the dystopian debut novel of cyberpunk writer Jack Womack the first in his Dryco series. Published in 1987 it was translated into Slovak by Michal Hvorecký and has a significant cult following. Actor Bruce Willis optioned the novel and renewed the option in 1995 (thus enabling Womack to quit his day job).
 The End is the thirteenth and final novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket. The book was released on Friday October 13 2006.
 The Journal of Construction Research (JCR) was published from 2000 to 2006 and was a journal covering the application of construction research in business decision-making in particular operations and production management. It was the official journal of the Asia Pacific Institute of Building (APIB) and was published quarterly by World Scientific. The journal also covered operational and institutional settings the real estate supply as well as industry regulation and policy.
 Sakshi (Telugu: sakshi) is a Telugu media group. The group has a news daily and a Telugu News channel. It is headquartered in Hyderabad India.
 Birth of a Killer is the first instalment in Darren Shan's The Saga of Larten Crepsley series.
 Juan Masili: Ang Pinuno ng Tulisan (Juan Masili: The Leader of Bandits or Juan Masili: The Bandit Leader) is a 1906 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Patricio Mariano. Based on Project Gutenberg the original format of the title of the novel was rendered as Juan Masili o Ang Pinuno ng Tulisan meaning Juan Masili or The Leader of Bandits therefore the title could stand alone either as Juan Masili or as Ang Pinuno ng Tulisan.
 Kolymsky Heights is a thriller novel by Lionel Davidson.
 They Went Thataway is a non-fiction book written by James Horwitz and published in 1976. It analyzes the Western film genre from a nostalgic yet jaded point of view.The book takes the form of a quest journey with Horwitz using the idea of researching and locating the old western actors of the past for a writing project.
 A Short Guide to the City is a 1990 short story by American horror writer Peter Straub collected in Houses Without Doors. It blends and fuses two disparate literary forms: a self-congratulatory travel brochure published by a city's Chamber of Commerce and a news report about the murderous killing spree of the viaduct killer.
 The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red is a 2001 novel by Ridley Pearson focusing on the life of the fictional John and Ellen Rimbauer and the construction of their mansion Rose Red in the early 20th century. Built on an old Indian burial ground Rose Red is considered haunted and mysterious tragedies occur throughout the mansion's history. The novel is written in the form of a diary by Ellen Rimbauer and annotated by the fictional professor of paranormal activity Joyce Reardon.
 The Medical Teacher is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering training for the health professions. It is published in collaboration with the Association for Medical Education in Europe (AMEE). The editor in chief is Ronald Harden.
 Fantastic Comics was a comic book superhero anthology title published by Fox Feature Syndicate during the Golden Age of Comic Books. The title is notable for having introduced the characters Banshee Black Fury (the third one John Perry) Nagana Queen of Evil Samson and Stardust the Super Wizard.
 Rocket Boys (also known as October Sky) is the first memoir in a series of three by Homer Hickam Jr. It is a story of growing up in a mining town and a boy's pursuit of amateur rocketry in a coal mining town. It won the W.D. Weatherford Award in 1998 the year of its release. Today it is one of the most often picked community/library reads in the United States. It is also studied in many school systems around the world.
 The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care written by Benjamin Spock is a manual on infant and child care first published in 1946. The book along with Dr. Spock attained fame almost instantly selling 500000 copies in its first six months. By Spock’s death in 1998 over 50 million copies of the book had been sold making it the best-selling book of the twentieth century in America aside from the Bible.
 The White Earth is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Andrew McGahan. The stage version adapted by McGahan and Shaun Charles premiered at Brisbane's La Boite Theatre in February–March 2009.
 The Castlereagh also published as The Gilgandra Weekly and Castlereagh and The Gilgandra Weekly was the first newspaper published in Gilgandra New South Wales Australia. It was an English language paper published weekly in broadsheet format.
 Image United was a 2009 planned six-issue comic book limited series published by Image Comics. Art for the series was to be done by six of the seven Image co-founders Whilce Portacio Jim Valentino Marc Silvestri Rob Liefeld Erik Larsen and Todd McFarlane with each artist drawing the characters he created. Jim Lee the seventh Image founder who is now affiliated with DC Comics is contributing covers to the series. The series was written by Image partner Robert Kirkman.
 Pic is a novella by Jack Kerouac first published in 1971.Pic is the story of a small child Pictorial Review Jackson from North Carolina. When his grandfather with whom he lives dies his older brother appears and plucks him from the dysfunctional home of his aunt. They journey north to New York City where Pic bears witness to the economic 'hard times' his brother is experiencing.
 Slash is an autobiography written by rock guitarist Slash with Anthony Bozza. Most of the book focuses on Slash's years with Guns N' Roses including many rock star cliches: trashed hotel rooms groupies drug abuse etc. Slash talks about Axl Rose frontman of Guns N' Roses and his departure from the band in the mid-1990s.
 Rocket's Blast Comicollector (RBCC) was a comics advertising fanzine published from 1964 to c. 1982 by S.F.C.A. The result of a merger with a similar publication RBCC's purpose was to bring fans together for the purpose of adding to their comic book collections.
 Kocharethi (കൊച്ചരേത്തി) is a Malayalam novel by Narayan often described as Kerala’s first tribal novelist that was published in 1998. The novel through the lives of its protagonist Kunjupennu and her childhood love and later husband Kochuraman depicts the history traditions and travails of the Malay Arayan tribal community in Kerala in the twentieth century. While Narayan completed the manuscript of the novel in 1988 it was published only ten years later by the D C Books.
 The Deutsche Zentral Zeitung (German Central Newspaper) was the German-language newspaper published in Moscow by the German-speaking section of the Communist International. The newspaper's type was set in Fraktur (see image) and contained translations of Russian articles and speeches reviews articles from and about other countries and it publicized pronouncements and information from the Communist Party.
 The Virginia Gazette is the local newspaper of Williamsburg Virginia. Established in 1930 it is named for the historical Virginia Gazette published between 1736 and 1780. It is published twice a week in the broadsheet format.
 Italian Lessons is a novel by Peter Pezzelli. It was published in trade paperback by Kensington Publishing on October 1 2007.
 The Nightingale's Song is a 1995 book by Baltimore Sun journalist Robert Timberg. It relates the military and political careers of five graduates of the United States Naval Academy most of whom served during the Vietnam War in either the United States Navy or United States Marine Corps: John McCain Bud McFarlane Oliver North John Poindexter and Jim Webb.
 Remains of Elmet is a collection of poems by Ted Hughes published in 1979. In this book Hughes has poetically covered the region of Elmet. The book contains black and white photographs by Fay Godwin taken in the barren hill country of West Yorkshire Hughes's birthplace.The book was re-published by Faber and Faber in 1994 re-titled as Elmet with a third of the book comprising additional new poems and photographs.
 The Journal of Mechanical Engineering Science Part C of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research into the fundamentals of engineering science and its application to the solution of challenges and problems in engineering. The journal was first published under its current name in 1989 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 How to Make Love Like a Porn Star: A Cautionary Tale is the autobiography of adult film star Jenna Jameson published August 17 2004. It was mainly written by co-writer Neil Strauss later famous for writing The Game and published by ReganBooks a division of HarperCollins. It was an instant best-seller spending six weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list.
 Dezra's Quest is a fantasy novel by Chris Pierson set in the world of Dragonlance which is based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Space Battleship Great Yamato (新宇宙戦艦ヤマト Shin Uchū Senkan Yamato lit. New Space Battleship Yamato) is a graphic novel comic created by the animator Leiji Matsumoto. For a time it was streaming online. However this has since stopped.
 The Wisconsin Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Wis. L. Rev.) is a bimonthly law review published by students at the University of Wisconsin Law School. One issue each year is generally dedicated to a symposium or special topic.
 Lankadeepa (Sinhala: ලංකාදීප) is a daily Sri Lankan Sinhala language newspaper which is owned by Wijeya Newspapers. Chairman of the organization is Ranjith Wijewardene the son of D. R. Wijewardena. The weekend newspaper named Irida Lankadeepa is published on Sundays. They were established in 1991. The newspaper's coverage includes politics sports entertainment and military.
 Info Exame is a high-popular Brazilian technology magazine. Its name was Exame Informática formerly a reference to its creation as the technology supplement for Exame a business magazine. It is popular with technology non-experts because of its simple-language approach to IT-related topics.Besides the magazine the INFO brand is a reference in digital tendencies sciences culture and entrepreneurism.
 Gay Male Pornography: An Issue of Sex Discrimination is a 2004 book by the anti-pornography pro-feminist author Christopher N. Kendall.
 Sony Magazine is a quarterly magazine published by Haymarket Network on behalf of Sony Corporation UK with articles on film music games television sound vision gadgets and adventure. It is only available from Sony Centre branches in the UK and through the magazine's website. The magazine ceased publication in the summer of 2009[citation needed].
 Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is a picture book collection by Theodor Seuss Geisel published under his more commonly known pseudonym of Dr. Seuss. It was first released by Random House Books on April 12 1958 and is written in Seuss's trademark style using a type of meter called anapestic tetrameter.
 Hornblower and the Hotspur (published 1962) is a Horatio Hornblower novel written by C. S. Forester.It is the third book in the series chronologically but the tenth by order of publication.
 Why People Believe Weird Things: Pseudoscience Superstition and Other Confusions of Our Time is a 1997 book by science writer Michael Shermer. The foreword was written by Stephen Jay Gould.
 Luka and the Fire of Life is a novel by Salman Rushdie. It was published by Jonathan Cape Random House in 2010. It is the sequel to Haroun and the Sea of Stories. Rushdie has said he turned to the world of video games for inspiration and that he wrote the book for his 13-year-old son.
 The Nursing Home Murder (1935) is a work of detective fiction by New Zealand author Ngaio Marsh.
 Skimrande vårar in Swedish and Legenden om den øde skogen in Norwegian (in English Glittering Springs or Legend about the Inhabitant Forest; this novel has not been translated into English) is a short historical novel by author Margit Sandemo from 1993. This novel describes about the life of six orphan sisters which live alone in the middle of uninhabited forest.
 The Journal of Hospitality & Tourism Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of hospitality. Its editor-in-chief is Anna S. Mattila (Pennsylvania State University). It was established in 1976 as the Hospitality Research Journal obtaining its current title in 1998 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Council on Hotel Restaurant and Institutional Education.
 The Unknown War is a military history book written by Hienadz Sahanovich. It describes the events of the war between Tsardom of Russia and the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1654-67. The war has become known as a part of the Deluge a series of military conflicts that overwhelmed the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth in the middle of the 17th century which included the Khmelnytsky Uprising the Swedish invasion and the Russian invasion among others.
 The Golden Volcano (French: Le Volcan d'or) is a novel by Jules Verne published posthumously and edited by his son Michel Verne.
 The Southern California Review of Law and Social Justice is an honors journal of legal scholarship that examines issues at the intersection of social justice and the law published by an independent student group at the USC Gould School of Law.
 Skinner's Ordeal is a 1995 novel by Quintin Jardine. It is the fifth of the Bob Skinner novels.
 Mauprat is a novel by the French novelist George Sand about love and education. It was published in serial form in April and May 1837. Like many of Sand's novels Mauprat borrows from various fictional genres- the Gothic novel chivalric romance the Bildungsroman detective fiction and the historical novel.
 The Queens Tribune is a free weekly newspaper founded as the monthly Flushing Tribune in February 1970 by Gary Ackerman. It is based in Whitestone Queens. The paper's main offices moved to Whitestone from Fresh Meadows Queens in November 2010. The Tribune is a member of the New York Press Association. It's CEO is Micheal Schenkler and the current Executive Editor is Michael Nussbaum.
 The Journal of Geographical Systems is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It covers geographical information mathematical modeling analysis theory regional science geography environmental sciences planning and decision. The editors-in-chief are Manfred M. Fischer (Vienna University of Economics and Business) and Antonio Páez (McMaster University).
 The European Journal of Palliative Care is the official journal of the European Association for Palliative Care. It publishes articles on the latest advances in palliative care in Europe and facilitate communication between healthcare professionals working in the field.
 Auto Express is a weekly motoring magazine sold in the United Kingdom published by Dennis Publishing. The Editor-in-Chief is Steve Fowler.Launched in September 1988 its 1000th issue was published on 20 February 2008. Its only weekly competitor in Britain is the long established Autocar. In 2011 Auto Express was the biggest selling motoring magazine in Britain with a circulation of 60840.Auto Express is known for its spy shots and speculative illustrations of forthcoming cars.
 The Isle of Wight Gazette was a local newspaper. The paper edition was published on Fridays as a fortnightly publication until January 2011. It remained as an active online publication until June 2011. The Gazette included a mix of local news advertising features entertainment jobs and sport. It latterly had close links with the local Fire and Rescue Service and often reported on traffic accidents and fires.
 Unbowed: A Memoir is a 2006 autobiography written by 2004 Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Wangari Maathai. The book was published by the Knopf Publishing Group. ISBN 978-0-307-27520-2
 This article is about the book The Laws of Physics. For general information about the laws of physics see physical lawThe Laws of Physics (Science & Discovery) (ISBN 0-4650-3860-3) is a book written in 1963 by Milton A. Rothman. It describes some fundamental laws of physics in language that is both easy and pleasant to read.[citation needed]
 The House of the Vestals is a collection of short stories by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 1997. It is the sixth book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery stories set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 Roshd Biological Education is a quarterly science educational magazine covering recent developments in biology and biology education for a biology teacher Persian -speaking audience. Founded in 1985 it is published by The Teaching Aids Publication Bureau Organization for Educational Planning and Research Ministry of Education Iran.
 Every Spy a Prince: The Complete History of Israel's Intelligence Community is a 1990 book by Dan Raviv and Yossi Melman on the history of the Israeli intelligence community.
 Apaimanee Saga (Thai: อภัยมณี ซาก้า) is a Thai comic series written and illustrated by Supot A. It was originally serialized in Thailand in NED Comics' magazine Boom. The story was adapted from The Thai novel Phra Aphai Mani by Sunthorn Phu a legendary poet.Apaimanee Saga is the first Thai comic that has been published in foreign countries.
 USA Weekend is a national weekend newspaper magazine distributed through more than 800+ newspapers in the United States and published by Gannett Company as a sister publication to USA Today. The magazine's focus is on social issues entertainment health food and travel. The magazine provides Newspaper In Education classroom guides to partner newspapers.
 The Swan is a weekly student-managed newspaper for members of St Hugh's College Oxford. The current editors are Chlöe Hopkins Patrick Beardmore and Nicholas Dixon. The previous editors are Holly Burton & Conor Newnham and Matthew Scroggs (who founded the paper in 2010). The full archive is available online and copies are posted to undergraduates in the College Lodge during the early morning on Mondays.
 Auto da Fé (original title Die Blendung The Blinding) is a 1935 novel by Elias Canetti; the title of the English translation (by C. V. Wedgwood 1946) refers to the burning of heretics by the Inquisition.
 L'actualité is a Canadian French-language news and general interest magazine published in Montreal by Les Éditions Rogers which is owned by Rogers Communications. The magazine has over a million readers according to Canada's Print Measurement Bureau from its circulation which is mainly subscribers.
 The Flight of the Phoenix is a 1964 novel by Elleston Trevor. The plot involves the crash of a transport aircraft in the middle of a desert and the survivors' desperate attempt to save themselves. The book was the basis for the 1965 film The Flight of the Phoenix starring James Stewart and the 2004 remake entitled Flight of the Phoenix.The Flight of the Phoenix came at the midpoint of Trevor's career and led to a bidding war over its film rights.
 Neko Majin (ネコマジン) is a series of one-shot manga written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. Spanning eight total installments published irregularly between 1999 and 2005 in Weekly Shōnen Jump and Monthly Shōnen Jump they were collected into a single kanzenban volume in April 2005 by Shueisha. Its later portion is named Neko Majin Z (ネコマジン Z Neko Majin Zetto) and is a self-parody of Toriyama's Dragon Ball.
 Murder on the Leviathan (Russian: Левиафан (Leviathan); British edition titled Leviathan) is the third novel in the Erast Fandorin historical detective series by Boris Akunin although it was the second book in the series to be translated into English. Its subtitle is герметический детектив (hermetic detective). Akunin conceived of the Fandorin series as a summary of all the genres of detective fiction with each novel representing a different genre.
 William And The Brains Trust is the twenty-fifth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1945. It was republished as a paperback (abridged) under the title William the Hero.
 Vespers in Vienna is a 1947 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Arizona Rubber hockey magazine is a monthly magazine serving Arizona. First published in Sept. 2006 the magazine is distributed at every rink in the state including Jobing.com Arena home of the NHL's Phoenix Coyotes. Its coverage focuses largely on the youth hockey scene including junior hockey in the state (the Phoenix Polar Bears) midget hockey (the P.F.
 Strayers from Sheol is a collection of stories by author H. Russell Wakefield. It was released in 1961 and was the second collection of the author's stories to be published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 2070 copies.Some of the stories had appeared originally in Weird Tales The Arkham Sampler The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction and Fantastic Universe.
 Fiendish Codex I: Hordes of the Abyss is an optional supplemental source book for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game.
 He and I is a translated and condensed volume by Eveyln M. Brown from a series of books entitled Lui et moi. It is alleged to contain the words of Our Lord to a French woman called Gabrielle Bossis. Lui et moi was originally published by Beauchesne et se Fils 117 rue de Rennes Paris (Imprimatur: Msgr. Jean-Marie Fortier Archbishop Sherbrooke November 14 1969).
 Acta Botanica Brasilica is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Brazilian Society of Botany. It was established in 1987 and publishes original articles in all areas of botany basic or applied. Articles are in Portuguese Spanish or English.
 The Journal of Engineering Manufacture Part B of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research on engineering manufacture. The journal has been published under its current name since 1989 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 Allison (アリソン Arison) is a Japanese light novel series by Keiichi Sigsawa with illustrations by Kouhaku Kuroboshi. There are three Allison novels with the third split into two volumes published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko label. The first novel was released on March 10 2002 and the last novel was published on May 10 2004. There is a follow-up series of light novels called Lillia and Treize which were released between March 2005 and April 2007.
 Indian River is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium. It was first published in 1917. Absent from the first edition of 1923 it appeared in the second edition of 1931. It is in the public domain.The linked prepositional phrases oblige the reader to construct complex visual images of the Floridian scenes and the focus on jingling in each sentence brings sound to the images as well.
 Selected Poems is a collection of poems by Clark Ashton Smith. It was released in 1971 by Arkham House in an edition of 2118 copies. The collection also includes several translations of French and Spanish poems. Christophe des Laurieres and Clérigo Herrero however are not real people and the poems are actually compositions of Smith's.
 Rock Street Journal or RSJ is a monthly magazine covering the rock scene in India and South Asia. It was started in January 1993 in Allahabad by Amit Saigal and Shena Gamat Saigal after they realized the lack of support system for Indian rock musicians. The magazine has grown in popularity ever since and is now published from Delhi. It organizes the yearly Great Indian Rock Festival (GIR) to promote original music of new and upcoming rock bands in India.
 The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood of Great Renown in Nottinghamshire is an 1883 novel by the American illustrator and writer Howard Pyle. Consisting of a series of episodes in the story of the English outlaw Robin Hood and his band of Merry Men the novel compiles traditional material into a coherent narrative in a colorful invented old English idiom that preserves some flavor of the ballads and adapts it for children.
 The Hangman's Daughter (original title in German: Die Henkerstochter) is a novel by Oliver Pötzsch. First published in Germany by Ullstein Verlag in 2008 it was translated into English and issued digitally under the AmazonCrossing imprint in 2010. A paper edition was released in English by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in 2010.
 Rupasi Bangla (Bengal the beautiful or The Beauteous Bengal ) is a poetry book by Bengali poet Jibanananda Das. The book was written in 1934 and published posthumously in 1957 by Signet Press in Kolkata. The cover was designed by a fellow Bengali Satyajit Ray. The Rupasi Bangla (Beautiful Bengal) celebrated the beauty of the Bengali countryside.
 The Glass Room by British author Simon Mawer was published in 2009 by Other Press in the United States and Little Brown in the United Kingdom. It was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize in 2009.
 The Los Angeles Vanguard was a weekly newspaper published in Los Angeles California and established in 1976 after the closure of the Los Angeles Free Press. Dave Lindorff was a founder and editor along with journalists Woodrow Tommy Thompson Dorothy Thompson Ben Pleasants Ron Ridenour and Jim Horowitz. According to Lindorff the Vanguard was infiltrated by an undercover member of LA's Public Disorder and Intelligence Division (PDID) squad under Daryl Gates.
 Jonny Double is a comic series written by Brian Azzarello and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. The series was based on the Jonny Double character created in 1968 by Len Wein and Marv Wolfman. It was the first collaboration of Azzarello and artist Eduardo Risso which subsequently led to a successful and longstanding pairing on 100 Bullets.
 Intelligence in Nature: An Inquiry into Knowledge is a 2005 non-fiction book by Jeremy Narby. The book continues Narby's quest that began in The Cosmic Serpent (1995).
 The Virginia Law & Business Review is a premier journal of business law scholarship that is published three times per year by students of the University of Virginia School of Law. The student-editors are members of the Virginia Law & Business Review Association a not-for-profit corporation chartered in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
 The Face was a British music fashion and culture monthly magazine started in May 1980 by Nick Logan.
 Nature Structural & Molecular Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research articles reviews news and commentaries in structural and molecular biology with an emphasis on papers that further a functional and mechanistic understanding of how molecular components in a biological process work together.It is published by the Nature Publishing Group and was established in 1994 under the title Nature Structural Biology obtaining its current title in January 2004.
 Wild Ones (アラクレ Arakure) is a Japanese manga by Kiyo Fujiwara. It is finished with 10 volumes in Japan and is serialized in Hana to Yume. In December 2007 Viz began releasing the series under the name Wild Ones and under the Shojo Beat label in America. A preview of the manga series was seen in the November 2007 issue of Shojo Beat.
 A Death in the Small Hours by Charles Finch is a novel set in England during the Victorian era. It is the sixth novel in the Charles Lenox series.
 This article is about the play. For its film adaptation see California Suite (film).California Suite is a 1976 play by Neil Simon. Similar in structure to his earlier Plaza Suite the comedy is composed of four playlets set in Suite 203-04 which consists of a living room and an adjoining bedroom with an ensuite bath in The Beverly Hills Hotel.
 The Journal of Libertarian Studies (JLS) was a scholarly journal published by the Ludwig von Mises Institute and Lew Rockwell. It was established in the spring of 1977 by Murray Rothbard who also served as its editor until his death in 1995. The journal had been published by the Center for Libertarian Studies but moved to the Mises Institute in 2000.
 Zekkyō Gakkyū (絶叫学級 Screaming Lessons) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Emi Ishikawa and has been published in Shueisha's Ribon magazine starting in 2008. The format is a collection of horror-themed short stories that are presented by a ghost girl named Yomi. It has been adapted in France by Tonkam.
 The Socialist is the weekly paper of the Socialist Party. Founded in 1964 under the name Militant it styled itself as the Marxist voice of Labour and Youth and played an important role in bringing together a strong left-wing grouping within the British Labour Party so much so that the group came to be known as the Militant tendency after the newspaper they sold and read.
 The Times-Standard is the only major local daily newspaper covering the far North Coast of California. Headquartered in Eureka the paper provides coverage of international national state and local news in addition to entertainment sports and classified listings. On the local level the paper extensively covers all of Humboldt County while providing partial coverage of neighboring Del Norte Mendocino and Trinity counties.
 News Weekly is an Australian current affairs magazine published by the National Civic Council with its main headquarters in Balwyn Victoria.It was founded by B. A. Santamaria and first published in September 1943 under the name Freedom; it later changed its name to Australia's national news-weekly.
 First Contact is a 1945 science fiction novelette by Murray Leinster credited as one of the first (if not the first) instances of a universal translator in science fiction. It won a retro Hugo Award for Best Novelette in 1996.It was among the stories selected in 1970 by the Science Fiction Writers of America as one the best science fiction short stories published before the creation of the Nebula Awards. As such it was published in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume One 1929-1964.
 Up the Line (1969) is a time travel novel by American science fiction author Robert Silverberg. The plot revolves mainly around the paradoxes brought about by time travel though it is also notable for its liberal dosage of sex and humor. It was nominated for a Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1969 and a Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1970 finishing behind Ursula K. Le Guin's The Left Hand of Darkness for both awards.
 Young Goodman Brown is a short story published in 1835 by American writer Nathaniel Hawthorne. The story takes place in 17th century Puritan New England a common setting for Hawthorne's works and addresses the Calvinist/Puritan belief that all of humanity exists in a state of depravity except those who are born in a state of grace. Hawthorne frequently attempts to expose the hypocrisy of Puritan culture in his literature.
 The Power is a 2010 self-help and spirituality book written by Rhonda Byrne. It is a sequel to the 2006 book The Secret. The book was released on August 17 2010 along with an audiobook based on it.The book focuses heavily on what Rhonda Byrne terms the 'law of love' and on the idea that the things we want will come to us through our love and enthusiasm for them as opposed to simply envisioning the things we desire.
 Little Things is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 The Calder Game is a children's novel written by Blue Balliett and illustrated by Brett Helquist published in 2008. It is the sequel to The Wright 3. Some underlying themes include the art of Alexander Calder pentominoes and the freedom of public art.
 Le Bâton de la Plutarque is the 23rd adventure in the Blake and Mortimer series. It is written by Yves Sente and drawn by André Juillard and Étienne Schréder with color by Madeleine de Mille. As of April 2014 this volume is scheduled for publication in December 2014. Le Bâton will be pre-published as a series of daily comic strips beginning in April 2014 in Le Soir and repeated in the summer of 2014 in Le Télégramme.
 Rabbit at Rest is a 1990 novel by John Updike. It is the fourth and final novel in a series beginning with Rabbit Run; Rabbit Redux; and Rabbit is Rich. There is also a related 2001 novella Rabbit Remembered. The novel won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1991 the second Rabbit novel to garner the award.
 The Anglo-Celt is a weekly local newspaper published every Thursday in Swellan Cavan Ireland founded in 1846. It exclusively contains local news about Cavan and surroundings. The news coverage of the paper is mainly based on the paper's local county of Cavan. Over the years it has fended off competition from papers like the Cavan Post and The Cavan Voice.According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations it had an average weekly circulation of 18000 during the first six months of 2007.
 The Crisis of the Democratic Intellect: The Problem of Generalism and Specialisation in Twentieth-Century Scotland is a 1986 book by philosopher George Elder Davie.
 Deník is a regional daily newspaper in the Czech Republic. It is owned by publisher Vltava-Labe-Press (VLP) which is owned by German publishing company Verlagsgruppe Passau (VGP). VGP has a monopoly on the Czech regional press. In September 2006 regional newspapers across the country were rebranded to Deník with a regional adjective appended e.g. Pražský deník (Prague deník). As well as the Prague version a further 72 regional newspapers were branded as part of this launch.
 World Neurosurgery is a bi-monthly peer-reviewed medical journal founded in 2010 and published by Elsevier Inc. It is the Official Journal of the World Federation of Neurosurgical Societies  a forum of neurological surgeons for six continents and it encompasses such headings as education economics research politics frontiers culture clinical science laboratory science sociology technology and operative techniques. The editor-in-chief is Michael L.J. Apuzzo M.D.
 Bartlett's Familiar Quotations often simply called Bartlett's is an American reference work that is the longest-lived and most widely distributed collection of quotations. The book was first issued in 1855 and is currently in its eighteenth edition published in 2012.The book arranges its entries by author rather than by subject as many other quotation collections and enters the authors chronologically by date of birth rather than alphabetically.
 frieze is a contemporary art magazine published eight times a year from London.
 Dark Secret is a novel written by American author Christine Feehan.
 Cold Fire is a 1991 novel written by the best-selling author Dean Koontz.
 Operación Masacre (Operation Massacre) is a nonfiction novel of investigative journalism written by noted Argentine journalist and author Rodolfo Walsh. It is considered by some to be the first of its genre. It was published in 1957 nine years before the publication of Truman Capote's In Cold Blood a book often credited as the first major nonfiction novel of investigative journalism.
 Son of the Shadows is an historical fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier and the second book in the Sevenwaters Trilogy first published in 2000. It follows the path of Sorcha and Red's third child Liadan a girl who lives outside the pattern of the 'Fair Folk' also known as Túatha Dé Danann. Son of the Shadows won the 2001 Aurealis Awards for Fantasy Novel.
 The Spectrum is one of the oldest student publications in the Philippines; its history dates back to 1956. Its monthly newspaper bimonthly magazine and annual literary folio Scribe are published by the students of the University of St. La Salle in Bacolod City.
 Enomoto: New Elements that Shake the World (えの素) is a manga written and drawn by Shunji Enomoto. It appeared in Kodansha's Weekly Morning from 1997 to 2003 and has been gathered into nine book collections. It is filled with extreme scatological and sexual humor on a gargantuan scale.
 The Ryūkyū Shimpō (琉球新報 Ryūkyū Shinpō literally Ryukyu News(paper)) was the first Okinawan newspaper. It was founded in 1893 by Shō Jun a former prince of the Ryūkyū Kingdom and is still in publication today.Historian George H. Kerr says of the newspaper upon its founding that it strengthened leadership and promoted the development of informed opinion on matters of public concern. It has also been described as speaking for the former ruling class of the kingdom.
 The Seguin Gazette-Enterprise is a newspaper based in Seguin Texas covering the Guadalupe County area of Central Texas. It publishes five days a week (excluding Monday and Saturday). It is owned by Southern Newspapers Inc.The Seguin Enterprise began publication in 1888 and the Guadalupe Gazette-Bulletin traces its origins to 1890. The Gazette-Bulletin changed its name to the Seguin Gazette in 1952. In 1979 the biweekly Gazette under publisher John C. Taylor and Enterprise publisher Otha L.
 Harju Elu is the official weekly newspaper of Harju County Estonia.It was founded in 1944. 1993–2007 it carried the name of Harjumaa.
 The Princess Bride is a 1973 fantasy romance novel written by William Goldman. The book combines elements of comedy adventure fantasy romantic love romance and fairy tale. It is presented as an abridgment of The Princess Bride by S. Morgenstern (though no such book exists) and Goldman's commentary asides are constant throughout.
 7ball was a Christian music magazine first published in 1995 founded and created by Frank Chimento. They focused on rock hip-hop and other alternative forms of Christian music. The magazine was initially published by the Royal Magazine Group (a division of Thomas Nelson) alongside Release magazine and others. Its primary competition were magazines such as HM True Tunes News Diganote Publication and CCM.
 Bunny Lake Is Missing is a 1957 novel by Merriam Modell (writing as Evelyn Piper) set in New York City.
 Mind Transfer is a science fiction novel by Janet Asimov (as Janet Jeppson Asimov) published by Walker Publishing Company Inc. in 1988.
 Hercule Poirot's Christmas is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 19 December 1938 (although the first edition is copyright dated 1939). It retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6).It was published in US by Dodd Mead and Company in February 1939 under the title of Murder for Christmas. This edition retailed at $2.00. A paperback edition in the US by Avon books in 1947 changed the title again to A Holiday for Murder.
 The Gentle Shepherd is a pastoral comedy by Allan Ramsay. It was first published in 1725 and dedicated to Susanna Montgomery Lady Eglinton to whom Ramsay gifted the original manuscript.The play has some happy descriptive scenes and is a pleasant delineation of rustic manners in the countryside of the Scottish Lowlands in the 18th century.
 A Judgement In Stone is a 1977 novel by British writer Ruth Rendell widely considered to be one of her greatest works. The novel is famous in the world of crime fiction for its opening line: Eunice Parchman killed the Coverdale family because she could not read or write. The novel has been acclaimed as a keen social examination of the differences between British classes in the 1970s.
 Nextwave is a comic book series by Warren Ellis and Stuart Immonen published by Marvel Comics between 2006 and 2007.
 Household Words was an English weekly magazine edited by Charles Dickens in the 1850s. It took its name from the line in Shakespeare's Henry V: Familiar in his mouth as household words.
 La Nuova Sardegna is an Italian regional daily newspaper for the island of Sardinia. It is based in Sassari.It was founded in 1891 by Enrico Berlinguer grandfather and namesake of Enrico Berlinguer national secretary of the Italian Communist Party. It was acquired by Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso in 1980.
 The Green Futures of Tycho is a 1981 science fiction novel for young audiences by William Sleator. The book explores the effect of excessive parent expectations on the future of their children.
 The Elysium Commission is a science fiction novel written by L. E. Modesitt Jr. and published in 2007. Set in the far future the novel follows private investigator Blaine Donne as he investigates several different cases. The novel has been designated as a Sci Fi channel essential book.
 Business & Information Systems Engineering is the cover-to-cover English translation of the German journal Wirtschaftsinformatik (ISSN 0937-6429) which was established in 1959. The English translation has been published since 2009. It publishes original articles that report research results and business practice findings that can be applied more broadly.
 The Multinational Monitor is a bimonthly magazine founded by Ralph Nader in 1980. It is published by Essential Information.
 The Freedom of the City is a play by the Irish playwright Brian Friel first produced in 1973. It is set in Derry Northern Ireland in 1970 in the aftermath of a Civil Rights meeting and follows three protesters who mistakenly find themselves in the mayor's parlour in the Guildhall. The plight of the protesters is that their mistaken circumstance is interpreted as an 'occupation'.
 Mirmo de Pon! (Japanese: ミルモでポン! Hepburn: Mirumo de Pon!) is a manga series written by Hiromu Shinozuka and serialized in Ciao magazine from July 2001 through December 2005. It was also published in twelve collected volumes by Shogakukan. The manga series was awarded the 2003 Kodansha Manga Award and the 2004 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga. The series was licensed for an English language release in North America by Viz Media.
 Drop To His Death (also published under the title Fatal Descent) is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906-1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson in collaboration with John Rhode. It is a locked room mystery.
 The Magic Christian is a 1959 comic novel by American author Terry Southern. In 1969 the novel was made into a film starring Peter Sellers and Ringo Starr by director Joseph McGrath also titled The Magic Christian. The novel is also known for bringing Southern to the attention of Stanley Kubrick who had received a copy as a gift from Peter Sellers and subsequently hired him as co-writer for Dr. Strangelove when Kubrick decided to make it a comedy film.
 Horse Eats Hat is a 1936 farce play co-written and directed by the 21-year-old Orson Welles and presented under the auspices of the Federal Theatre Project.
 Silence (沈黙 Chinmoku) is a 1966 novel of historical fiction by Japanese author Shūsaku Endō. It is the story of a Jesuit missionary sent to 17th century Japan who endures persecution in the time of Kakure Kirishitan (Hidden Christians) that followed the defeat of the Shimabara Rebellion. The recipient of the 1966 Tanizaki Prize it has been called Endo’s supreme achievement and one of the twentieth century’s finest novels.
 The Maidenhead Advertiser is a weekly local paper which has been published in the Berkshire town of Maidenhead since 1869.It is an independent publication run by the family firm Baylis Media Ltd and is unique in the fact is it owned by a charitable trust the Louis Baylis (Maidenhead Advertiser) Charitable Trust which contributes large donations to the community.
 Borderlands/La Frontera: The New Mestiza is a 1987 semi-autobiographical work by Gloria E. Anzaldúa that includes prose and poems by the author. The book discusses various forms of invisible “borders” that exist in numerous opposing groups – Latino/as and whites men and women heterosexuals and homosexuals etc.
 Master of Whitestorm is a science fiction/fantasy book by Janny Wurts published in 1992.
 Sharp Daily (Chinese: 爽報; pinyin: Shuǎng Bào; Cantonese Yale: Sóng Bou) is a Chinese-language free daily tabloid newspaper published in Taipei Taiwan and Hong Kong by Next Media.
 The Paris Review is a quarterly literary magazine established in 1953 by Harold L. Humes Peter Matthiessen and George Plimpton. Plimpton edited the Review from its founding until his death in 2003. In its first five years The Paris Review published works by Jack Kerouac Philip Larkin V. S. Naipaul Philip Roth Adrienne Rich Italo Calvino Samuel Beckett Nadine Gordimer Jean Genet and Robert Bly.
 This is a page about the 1995 book by Ian Rankin. For the 1969 album by the Rolling Stones of the same name see Let It BleedLet it Bleed is a 1995 crime novel by Ian Rankin. It is the seventh of the Inspector Rebus novels. The US edition has a final chapter which the UK edition does not have as the author's 'Introduction' explains.
 Nonlinearity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by IOP Publishing and the London Mathematical Society. The journal covers all aspects of nonlinear science featuring topics which range from physics mathematics and engineering through to biological sciences. The editors-in-chief are Edgar Knobloch (University of California Berkeley) and Anatoly I. Neishtadt (Loughborough University and the Russian Space Research Institute).
 Send for the Saint is a collection of two mystery novellas by Peter Bloxsom based upon stories by John Kruse and Donald James continuing the adventures of the sleuth Simon Templar aka The Saint created by Leslie Charteris.
 Die Welt (The World) is a German national daily newspaper published by the Axel Springer AG company.
 Death of the Liberal Class is a non-fiction book by American author and journalist Chris Hedges published in October 2010 by Nation Books. It falls into the literary genre of the jeremiad which has a long tradition in the United States. According to Hedges it is a book that chronicles the destruction of populist and radical movements within society particularly in the United States.
 Eight Fantasms and Magics is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Jack Vance. It was originally published by Macmillan in 1969 and reprinted in paperback by Collier Books in 1970. No further editions have been issued.
 Madame Two Swords is a fantasy novelette by Tanith Lee. It was first published in 1988 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 600 copies and was issued without a jacket. All copies were signed by the author and the artist. The story is a fantasy set during the French Revolution.
 Islam and Dhimmitude: Where Civilizations Collide is a book by Bat Ye'or.
 Radical History Review is a scholarly journal published by Duke University Press.The journal positions itself at the point where rigorous historical scholarship and active political engagement converge. The Journal addresses issues of gender race sexuality imperialism and class stretching the boundaries of historical analysis to explore Western and non-Western histories.
 Journal of Legislation is a major scholarly journal published by Notre Dame Law School. The current Editor-in-Chief is Alysia B. Carroll.The Journal of Legislation (JLEG) is a legislative law review which focuses on analysis and reform of public policy. The primary purpose of the Journal is to provide a forum for debate of timely issues of state national and international stature.
 .net is a monthly Internet magazine and website published in the UK by Future plc. Founded in 1994 .net magazine is published every four weeks (13 issues per year). The magazine was initially aimed at the general Internet user but has adapted into a title aimed at professional and amateur web designers; a significant proportion of its readers are full-time web developers.
 Norfolk Daily News is a daily newspaper located in downtown Norfolk Nebraska and is one of just a handful of daily newspapers owned and managed by an individual family. Kent Warneke serves as editor of the Norfolk Daily News.
 In My Time: A Personal and Political Memoir is a memoir written by former Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney with Elizabeth Cheney. The book was released on August 30 2011 and outlines Cheney's version of 9/11 the War on Terrorism the 2001 War in Afghanistan the run-up to the 2003 Iraq war enhanced interrogation techniques and other events.
 Read Between the Lies is the first novel by Emmy-winning author Lori Bryant-Woolridge. Read Between the Lies combines chick lit and beach book styles with themes of racial diversity and adult illiteracy.
 Wild Justice is an adventure novel by Wilbur Smith. It was partially set in The Seychelles where Smith had a home for a number of years.It was the third best selling book in England in 1980.It was filmed for TV in 1994.The novel was published in the US as The Delta Decision.
 World Class IT: Why Businesses Succeed When IT Triumphs is a 2009 IT management book by Peter A. High that aims to provide a framework by which CIOs and other executives can promote IT within a business. High outlines five principles that align IT with business strategy and allow companies to monitor and improve IT's performance.
 Whom Gods Destroy is a 1997 four-issue comic book mini-series written by Chris Claremont with artwork by Dusty Abell and Drew Geraci under the Elseworlds imprint of DC Comics. The series about Superman and Wonder Woman involves Greek mythology and alternate history projected into the future.
 News Review Messenger is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide South Australia part of the Messenger Newspapers group. The News Review's area stretches from Pooraka in the south through to Gawler in the north and covers Adelaide's northern suburbs.The newspaper generally reports on events of interest in its distribution area including the suburbs of Elizabeth Salisbury Gawler and Pooraka.
 True Classroom Flubs and Fluffs was a non-fiction American comic strip by cartoonist and comic-book artist Jerry Robinson. It was syndicated through the 1960s in Sunday newspapers most notably the New York Sunday News (later incorporated into the New York Daily News).
 British Wildlife is a British wildlife magazine. It is published by British Wildlife Publishing. It has been published since 1989. Individual issues are B5 in size. The first three volumes had colour covers but from volume 4 onwards the design changed to a white background with dark blue text for the title and a photograph or painting on the front cover. A regular feature is Wildlife reports which covers recent records and findings by taxonomic group.
 Sunset Over Chocolate Mountains is the critically acclaimed first novel by English author Susan Elderkin published by Fourth Estate It won a Betty Trask Award in 2000. was shortlisted for the Orange Prize for fiction and has been published in nine countries (it is called Arizona Ice Cream in France) She is currently working on adapting it for film.
 Sweet William is the eighteenth short story collection in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. The book contains 10 short stories and was first published in 1936.
 Gargoyle Magazine is a literary journal based in Washington D.C.. This magazine was established in 1976 by Russell Cox Richard Peabody and Paul Pasquarella. By 1977 Peabody was the only remaining original editor. He continued running the journal until 1990 with several different co-editors. Before the journal ceased publication in 1990 thirty-six issues had been released. The journal resurfaced in 1997 with Peabody and Lucinda Ebersole as editors and continues to this day.
 Expanded Universe is a 1980 collection of stories and essays by Robert A. Heinlein. In full its title is Expanded Universe The New Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein. The trade paperback 1981 edition lists the subtitle under other Heinlein books as More Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein because the contents subsume the 1966 Ace Books collection The Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein. The current volume is dedicated to William Targ.The book collects many short stories and essays with a foreword for each.
 Telek is a science fiction novella about telekinesis by American author Jack Vance. It was first published in the January 1952 issue of Astounding Science Fiction.
 Psychology of Men and Masculinity is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of Division 51. The journal was established in 2000 and covers research on how boys' and men's psychology is influenced and shaped by both gender and sex and encompasses the study of the social construction of gender sex differences and similarities and biological processes. The current editor-in-chief is Ronald F. Levant (University of Akron).
 Shiki Tsukai (四季使い lit. Four-Seasons User) is an action manga written by To-Ru Zekuu and illustrated by Yuna Takanagi. It is serialized in Kodansha's shōnen manga magazine Monthly Shōnen Sirius and has been licensed in North America by Del Rey Manga.
 Withered Murder is the second of the collaborations of Anthony and Peter Shaffer. It was first printed by Gollancz in London in 1955 and then reprinted a year later in New York by Macmillan as part of their 'Cock Robin Mystery' series of books.As in How Doth The Little Crocodile? the story follows their eccentric detective Mr Verity and his unique ways of solving murders.
 Wise & Otherwise is a book written by Sudha Murthy the wife of Narayan Murthy. It is published by Penguin Books. There is a revised edition in which there is one extra chapter. The book shows encounters Sudha Murthy has had with people during her travels and her lifetime.
 Naked Lunch (sometimes The Naked Lunch) is a novel by William S. Burroughs originally published in 1959. The book is structured as a series of loosely connected vignettes. Burroughs stated that the chapters are intended to be read in any order. The reader follows the narration of junkie William Lee who takes on various aliases from the US to Mexico eventually to Tangier and the dreamlike Interzone.
 The World Without Us is a non-fiction book about what would happen to the natural and built environment if humans suddenly disappeared written by American journalist Alan Weisman and published by St. Martin's Thomas Dunne Books. It is a book-length expansion of Weisman's own February 2005 Discover article Earth Without People.
 The Maytrees is American author Annie Dillard's second novel a fictional account of the lives of Toby and Lou Maytree in Provincetown MA from the time of courting to old age.
 Cities of the Plain is the final volume of American novelist Cormac McCarthy's Border Trilogy published in 1998. The title is a reference to Sodom and Gomorrah (Genesis 19:29).
 Arizona Business Gazette is a business newspaper in Phoenix Arizona owed by Gannett Company. A spin off of The Arizona Republic is was downsized in 1997 and now mainly focuses on real-estate and local business news. It has a circulation of 1208.
 The Ant Men of Tibet and Other Stories (ISBN 1903468027) is a science fiction anthology edited by David Pringle that was originally published in 2001 in the United Kingdom by Big Engine. It includes ten stories that were all originally published between 1992 and 1998 in the United Kingdom science fiction magazine Interzone of which Pringle was the editor along with a three-page introduction by Pringle.
 Better Than Sex: Confessions of a Political Junkie is a 1994 book written by American author and journalist Hunter S. Thompson. In Volume IV of The Gonzo Papers series of books Thompson details his reactions to the 1992 election of Bill Clinton as U.S.
 Ralph Roister Doister is a comic play by Nicholas Udall generally regarded as the first comedy to be written in the English language.The date of its composition is disputed but the balance of opinion suggests that it was written in about 1553 when Udall was a schoolmaster in London and was intended to be performed by his pupils - who were all male as were all actors at that period.
 La Russie opprimée ('Oppressed Russia') was a French language weekly publication issued exiled Russian Social-Revolutionaries in Paris 1926-1933. La Russie opprimée was launched by Alexander Kerensky in 1926. The newspaper contained analysis of Soviet culture and politics reviews of the Soviet press and polemics against pro-Soviet personalities in France. It carried the by-line 'Weekly socialist information bulletin'. Apart from Kerensky other editors included O. Minor and V. Zenzinov.
 The Midland Daily News is a daily newspaper which serves Midland County Michigan. The offices for the paper are located at 124 South McDonald Street in downtown Midland. Although the main offices are located in Midland the paper is widely circulated around Midland County.
 Polymer Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It is a monthly journal and the first issue was published in February 2010. The Editor-in-Chief is David Haddleton University of Warwick.Polymer Chemistry is listed in the Journal Citation Reports in the polymer science category.
 Shadow of the Scorpion is a novel by Neal Asher published by the Macmillan Publishers imprint Tor Books in 2008. The novel introduces Ian Cormac and is therefore a prequel. The novel skips between Cormac's first mission for the ECS (Earth Central Security) and his upbringing as a child.
 Heliopolis is an utopistic or dystopian novel by Ernst Jünger published in 1949. In the fictional city of Heliopolis the henchmen of a Proconsul and a Landvogt (“country master” or “land reeve”) fight each other. Commander Lucius de Geer belongs to the staff of the Proconsul but he stands more and more aloof these inner fights. Finally he leaves Heliopolis.
 United! is a 1973 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle. It is the second in a series of books focusing on the fortunes of fictitious youth football team Bank Vale United.
 Koi Kaze (恋風 lit. Love Wind) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Motoi Yoshida. It premiered in the September 2001 issue of Evening and ran for 29 chapters until its conclusion in the October 2004 issue. The individual chapters were collected and published in five tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
 The King of Kahel (French: Le Roi de Kahel) is a 2008 French-language novel by Guinean author Tierno Monénembo. It won the 2008 prix Renaudot. It was translated in 2010 to English by Nicholas Elliott and published by AmazonCrossing Amazon.com's translated fiction publishing imprint.
 Loser is a coming of age young adult novel first published in 2002 by American author Jerry Spinelli. It details the growth of Donald Zinkoff who is branded a loser by his classmates due to his cockiness and sometimes clueless enthusiasm. The book is unique among Spinelli's work in that is entirely written in the present tense. The life lesson of Loser is about the human rudeness the importance of failure and how any name can be replaced with hero.
 Walk of the Spirits is a 2008 American novel written by author Richie Tankersley Cusick. It is followed by her novel Shadow Mirror.
 Real Marriage: The Truth About Sex Friendship and Life Together is a 2012 marriage book written by Christian author Mark Driscoll and his wife Grace and published by Thomas Nelson. The book spent one week on the New York Times Best Seller list for advice books however it was later reported that Driscoll had manipulated the data by paying a marketing firm $200000 to buy 11000 copies of the book in a single week to artificially create a best-seller.
 I'll Never Get Out of This World Alive is Steve Earle's first novel entitled after a Hank Williams song.It was published the spring of 2011. The novel is set in San Antonio Texas in 1963 and tells the story of a defrocked doctor and morphine addict. The doctor makes a living by performing illegal abortions and is haunted by the ghost of Hank Williams with whom he was traveling when Williams died of an overdose. The novel is published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt1.
 Zettai Karen Children (絶対可憐チルドレン Zettai Karen Chirudoren lit. Absolutely Lovely Children) is a Japanese shōnen manga by Takashi Shiina about three young problem girls with outstanding psychic powers and a young man with no special powers at all tasked to guide them properly while dealing with all the commotions they cause including their obvious infatuation on him.The manga started being serialized in Shogakukan's manga magazine Shōnen Sunday in 2005.
 The Long Island Press is a free independent monthly news journal serving Long Island with extensive coverage of local and national news arts and entertainment sports and alternative political viewpoints. It is daily online at www.LongIslandPress.com. Known as L.I.'s Cultural Arts and Investigative News Journal the newspaper was founded in 2003 after its parent company Morey Publishing bought The Island Ear which was a free bi-monthly entertainment-oriented newspaper.
 Caverns is a 1989 novel written collaboratively as an experiment by Ken Kesey and a creative writing class that he taught at the University of Oregon. The cover of the book says it was written by O.U. Levon—the name of this supposed author spelled backwards is novel U.O. (University of Oregon). The full list of authors is: Robert Blucher Ben Bochner James Finley Jeff Forester Bennett Huffman Lynn Jeffress Ken Kesey Neil Lidstrom H.
 Magic for Marigold (1929) is a novel written by L. M. Montgomery. It is an expansion of 4 linked short stories Montgomery wrote and originally published in 1925.
 Imago Mundi is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1935 by Leo Bagrow. It is the only English-language scholarly periodical exclusively covering the history of early maps cartography and map-related ideas. The full-length articles are in English and have abstracts in French German Spanish and English. Each volume also contains three reference sections (book reviews bibliography and chronicle) that provide a summary of current developments in the field.
 For other uses of the term Bande Mataram see Bande Mataram (disambiguation).The Bande Mataram was an English language newspaper founded in 1905 by Bipin Chandra Pal and later edited by Sri Aurobindo. It was first published on 6 August 1906.
 Trigun (トライガン Toraigan) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yasuhiro Nightow. The manga was serialized in Tokuma Shoten's Shōnen Captain in 1996 with a total of 3 collected volumes when the magazine was discontinued in in 1997. The series continued in Shōnen Gahosha's Young King Ours magazine under the title Trigun Maximum (トライガンマキシマム Toraigan Makishimamu) where it remained until finishing in 2008.Both mangas were adapted into an animated television series in 1998.
 Rainbow Boys is the first novel in a trilogy by Alex Sánchez focusing on the issues gay and questioning youth face as they come of age. This book is followed by Rainbow High and Rainbow Road.
 G.O.G. 666 is a science fiction novel by author John Taine (pseudonym of Eric Temple Bell). It was first published in 1954 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 1815 copies.
 Policeman Bluejay or Babes inn Birdland is a children's novel written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by Maginel Wright Enright. First published in 1907 it has been considered one of the best of Baum's works.[citation needed]
 Journal of Addictions & Offender Counseling is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association and the International Association of Addictions and Offender Counselors. The journal was established in 1980. Its current editor-in-chief is Stephen Southern.
 Brightly Burning is a 2000 novel by Mercedes Lackey. The novel is a fantasy set in the magical world of Valdemar. As such it adds to the Valdemar canon yet stands alone and can be read without other books set in that world.
 Crisis of Conscience is a biographical book by Raymond Franz a former member of the Governing Body of Jehovah's Witnesses written in 1983 three years after his expulsion from the Jehovah's Witnesses religion. The book is a major study and exposé of the internal workings of the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society during the 1960s and 1970s. The book was updated and revised four times with the final revisions made in 2004.
 Kurashina Sensei's Passion (倉科先生の受難 Kurashina Sensei no Junan) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Natsuho Shino. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume through its imprint June Manga on 9 September 2009 the second volume on 16 December 2009 and the third volume 24 March 2010.
 Kingdom is a golf magazine founded by American golfer Arnold Palmer. It was first published in late 2003.
 Oral Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier covering research about head and neck cancer. It is the official journal of the International Association of Oral Pathologists the European Association of Oral Medicine and the International Academy of Oral Oncology.
 Ramayana is a retelling of the epic by C. Rajagopalachari. It was first published by Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan in 1957. This book is an abridged English retelling of the Valmiki Ramayana; he had earlier published a version of Kamba Ramayanam. Rajaji considered this book and his Mahabharata to be his greatest service to his countrymen.As of 2001 the book had sold over a million copies.
 One-Punch Man (Japanese: ワンパンマン Hepburn: Wanpanman) is an ongoing Japanese webcomic created by an author using the pseudonym ONE which began publication on his personal homepage on June 3 2009. The series quickly went viral and has since surpassed 10 million hits with an average of 20000 hits a day.
 Megumi (めぐみ) is a manga based on the life of Megumi Yokota a Japanese girl who was abducted when she was 13 years old by North Korean spies in 1977. The manga concept was conceived by her mother and father and was penned by Souichi Moto under their supervision.
 Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny Astray (機動戦士ガンダムSEED DESTINY ASTRAY) is a collection of gaiden (side-stories) set in the Cosmic Era timeline of Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny. The story was told in three different mediums as a manga in Gundam ACE a photo novel in Dengeki Hobby and two novels published by Kadokawa Shoten Publishing Co. Ltd. The series started in November 2004 and ended in April 2006 after 21 chapters. It was followed up by Mobile Suit Gundam SEED C.E.
 TDR: The Drama Review is an academic journal focusing on performances in their social economic aesthetic and political contexts. The journal covers dance theatre music performance art visual art popular entertainment media sports rituals and performance in politics and everyday life. TDR:The Drama Review was founded in 1955 by Robert W. Corrigan as the Carlton Drama Review (so named because Corrigan was a faculty member at Carlton College).
 The Hendricks County Flyer is a newspaper which began publishing in 1965. It is delivered every Wednesday and Saturday.
 Talisman of Death is a single-player role-playing gamebook written by Jamie Thomson and Mark Smith illustrated by Bob Harvey and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2006. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 11th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031859-3) and 24th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-566-2).
 The Art of Seeing is a 1942 book by Aldous Huxley which details his experience with and views on the controversial Bates method which according to Huxley improved his eyesight.
 Flood is a 2002 disaster thriller novel by Richard Doyle. Set in present day London the novel depicts a disastrous flood and fire of London caused by a storm and the consequential accident at an oil refinery and failure of the Thames Barrier. The plot is similar to his 1976 novel Deluge updated to include the construction of the Thames Flood Barrier.The book was adapted into a 2007 disaster film Flood directed by Tony Mitchell.
 The International Journal of Fertility is an academic journal devoted to the medical and biological aspects of reproduction.
 Skipping Stones is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It first appeared in his short story collection Capitol and then later in The Worthing Saga.
 Yomeiro Choice (ヨメイロちょいす Yomeiro Choisu) is a manga series written and illustrated by Tenkla published in Akita Shoten's Champion Red Ichigo and later Champion Red since October 2007 to August 2011.
 Never Preach Past Noon: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow whose thrice-married Aunt Bess breaks her ankle falling down a flight of stairs in the middle of the night.
 Mobile World is a monthly publication that is published from Karachi and is distributed across Pakistan and internationally. It is particularly aimed at the automobile and allied sectors but also covers a range of international topics around sea road rail and air transports and communications.
 LIFO is a free magazine published and distributed every Thursday in Athens Greece. It contains articles with general socio-political content articles on the matters of the city of Athens interviews reportages and information about events in Athens as well as with articles about cinema theatre and books. The creator of the magazine is Stathis Tsagkarousianos.
 The Egg and I first published in 1945 is a humorous memoir by American author Betty MacDonald about her adventures and travels as a young wife on a chicken farm on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington state. The book is based on the author's experiences as a newlywed in trying to acclimate and operate a small chicken farm with her first husband Robert Heskett from 1927 to 1931 near Chimacum Washington.
 Psyche was an online peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies on consciousness and its relation to the brain from perspectives provided by the disciplines of cognitive science philosophy psychology physics neuroscience artificial intelligence and anthropology. It was established in 1994 by Patrick Wilken as one of the earliest attempts[citation needed] at an online academic journal. In 2008 it became the official journal of the Association for the Scientific Study of Consciousness.
 Salvation on Sand Mountain is a 1995 non-fiction book by Dennis Covington. The storyline follows the author as he goes from covering the trial of Glenn Summerford to experiencing a snake handling church in Appalachia. The book was a finalist for the National Book Award.
 Abie's Irish Rose is a popular comedy by Anne Nichols familiar from stage productions films and radio programs. The basic premise involves an Irish Catholic girl and a young Jewish man who marry despite the objections of their families.
 Nemesis is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie (1890–1976) and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in November 1971 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. The UK edition retailed at £1.50 and the US edition at $6.95. It was the last Miss Marple novel the author wrote although Sleeping Murder was the last Christie novel to be published.
 The Coming of the Quantum Cats is a 1986 science fiction novel by American writer Frederik Pohl. It was originally serialized in Analog science-fiction magazine January–April 1986.
 Strobe Edge (ストロボ・エッジ Sutorobo Ejji) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Io Sakisaka. It began serialization in 2007 in the shōjo manga magazine Bessatsu Margaret and ended in 2010. The chapters are collected and bound in tankōbon format by Shueisha under the Margaret Comics label. The manga is licensed in North America by Viz Media with its first volume released in November 2012.
 Bush on the Couch: Inside the Mind of a President is a 2004 book by psychoanalyst Justin A. Frank. The central premise of Frank's book is that President George W. Bush displays signs of poor mental health which makes him ill-suited to rule the United States. Frank suggests Bush suffers from megalomania that he is probably incapable of true compassion and shows signs of sadism and that as an untreated alcoholic is in constant danger of a relapse.
 A Pattern of Roses is a 1972 children's novel by British author K. M. Peyton about a mystery and a ghost. It was issued in the US under the title So Once Was I in 1975 but subsequent editions have used the original title.The novel was made into a television film in 1983. The film was the first significant on screen role for Helena Bonham Carter; the cast also included Philip Jackson and Suzanna Hamilton.
 Nor Haratch (Armenian: Նոր Յառաջ) is an Armenian newspaper based in France. It was initially published twice a week (every Tuesday and Friday).
 The West Shore was a literary magazine published in Portland Oregon from 1875 to 1891. It was founded by Leopold Samuel to promote a positive image of the Pacific Northwest and to encourage economic growth in the region. The magazine was known for publishing excellent articles by well-known authors and for its many high-quality illustrations. As a result West Shore became one of the most successful publications in the Pacific Northwest.
 Pop City is a weekly online magazine and website with content focusing on news and features about Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The content is framed around talent innovation diversity and environment.Pop City was launched in March 2006. It was spearheaded by Brian Boyle a Detroit businessman who had experience in website development in other regions. The startup costs totaled $200000.
 Peony is a novel by Pearl S. Buck first published in 1948. It is a story of China's Kaifeng Jews.
 La Nouvelle Tribune is a weekly francophone Moroccan newspaper.
 The Last Sherlock Holmes Story is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Michael Dibdin. The novel is an account of Holmes' attempt to solve the Jack the Ripper murders. Holmes suspects the Ripper to be his nemesis James Moriarty. There is a twist ending which some reviewers have found to be clever while others were disappointed.
 The Writer's Chronicle is a journal published 6 times each year. It is the flagship publication of the Association of Writers & Writing Programs. The Writer's Chronicle presents essays articles news & information designed to enlighten inform & entertain writers editors students & teachers of writing. The publication follows an academic print schedule and there are six issues each year: September October/November December February March/April and May/Summer.
 Şcoala Moldovenească (English: The Moldovan School) was a magazine from Chişinău Bessarabia founded in May 1917 by Onisifor Ghibu. It was the successor of Cuvânt moldovenesc (magazine)
 Veṇvāroha is a work in Sanskrit composed by Mādhava (c.1350 – c.1425) of Sangamagrāma the founder of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics. It is a work in 74 verses describing methods for the computation of the true positions of the Moon at intervals of about half an hour for various days in an anomalistic cycle. This work is an elaboration of an earlier and shorter work of Mādhava himself titled Sphutacandrāpti. Veṇvāroha is the most popular astronomical work of Mādhava.
 Peveril of the Peak (1823) is the longest novel by Sir Walter Scott. Along with Ivanhoe Woodstock and Kenilworth this is one of Scott's English novels with the main action taking place around 1678.
 Juno and the Paycock is a play by Sean O'Casey and one of the most highly regarded and often performed plays in Ireland. It was first staged at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin in 1924. It is set in the working class tenements of Dublin in the early 1920s during the Irish Civil War period.It is the second of his well known Dublin Trilogy - the other two being The Shadow of a Gunman (1923) and The Plough and the Stars (1926).
 The Transformers is a comic book series by IDW Publishing based upon Hasbro's Transformers characters and toy line.Following Dreamwave Productions' bankruptcy in 2005 IDW picked up the rights and hired long-time Transformers writer Simon Furman to craft a rebooted Generation 1-based continuity similar to Ultimate Marvel.
 The Anatomy Lesson is a 1983 novel by the American author Philip Roth. It is the third novel from Roth to feature Nathan Zuckerman as the main character.
 The Journal of the Operational Research Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering operations research. It is an official journal of The Operational Research Society and has been in existence since 1950. It publishes full length case-orientated papers full length theoretical papers technical notes discussions (viewpoints) and book reviews.
 What My Mother Doesn't Know (2001) is a novel in verse by Sonya Sones. The free verse novel follows ninth-grader Sophie Stein as she struggles through the daily grind of being a freshman in high school her romantic crushes and family life.
 Comparative Education Review is the official publication of the Comparative and International Education Society investigates education throughout the world and the social economic and political forces that shape it.
 Dawei Yazawin (Burmese: ထားဝယ် ရာဇဝင်) is an 18th-century Burmese chronicle that covers the history of Dawei (Tavoy) region. It was written in 1795 three decades after Burma regained the region from Siam.
 Charton Bullseye was a fanzine published from 1975-76 by the CPL Gang highlighting Charlton Comics. It was a large format publication with color covers on card stock and black & white interiors. Charton Bullseye published several previously unpublished Charlton superhero and adventure stories along with articles on Charlton comics news reviews pinups and more.
 The Labyrinth Key is a science fiction novel by Howard V. Hendrix first published in 2004.
 Getting Rid of Bradley is a contemporary romance novel written by Jennifer Crusie and published in 1994. The book tells the story of Lucy Savage a woman recently jilted by her husband Bradley a suspected embezzler that Detective Zachary Warren wants to locate even more now that someone appears to be after Lucy.
 The eXile was a Moscow-based English-language biweekly free tabloid newspaper aimed at the city's expatriate community which combined outrageous sometimes satirical content with investigative reporting.
 Black Like Me is a nonfiction book by journalist John Howard Griffin first published in 1961. Griffin was a white native of Dallas Texas and the book describes his six-week experience travelling on Greyhound buses (occasionally hitchhiking) throughout the racially segregated states of Louisiana Mississippi Alabama and Georgia passing as a black man.
 The Only Fools and Horses DVD Collection is a fortnightly partwork magazine published by GE Fabbri authorised by BBC Video. Each issue includes a DVD containing up to 4 episodes of Only Fools and Horses and a magazine which contains various articles such as Peckham Profiles and information on the selected episodes. Each issue was £7.99 apart from issue 1 which was £3.99. In total 29 issues were released.
 Skeletons on the Zahara: A True Story of Survival is a 2004 nonfiction book written by maritime historian Dean King. It is based on two of the survivors' journals primarily Captain James Riley's memoir Sufferings in Africa. To research the book Dean King embarked on a National Geographic Society sponsored expedition to retrace the horrific journey of Riley and his crew across the Saharan (Zahara) desert.
 Mayer International Auction Records aka Guide Mayer is listing international art auctions results as a dictionary for both fine art amateurs and collectors as well as art market professionals like galleries and auctioneers. 800 auction houses from 40 countries contributed information to the publication. The dictionary was first published in 1962 by Enrique Mayer up until 1982 when Enrique Mayer sold the publication to the Migros Group in Switzerland.
 Body Count: The Terrifying True Story of the Spokane Serial Killer is a non-fiction book released in December 2012 by Pinnacle Books and authored by crime writer Burl Barer about American serial killer Robert Lee Yates from Spokane Washington. It was first published in 2002 and then updated and re-released 10 years later.
 The Living Greyhawk Gazetteer (LGG) is a sourcebook for the World of Greyhawk campaign setting for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. Despite the title the Living Greyhawk Gazetteer is not exclusive to the Living Greyhawk Campaign. Other publications linked to the Living Greyhawk Gazetteer have treated it as superior to the D&D Gazetteer and used it in the D&D Gazetteer's place.
 The Morgan Hill Times is a weekly newspaper in Morgan Hill California. It is Morgan Hill’s oldest continually operating business tracing its history back to the Morgan Hill Sun founded by George Edes on April 12 1894.A dozen years later a second paper The Times was founded. Shortly thereafter the two papers were combined under the name of The Sun-Times.
 Knot Gneiss is the 34th book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony
 The Twenty-Seventh City is Jonathan Franzen's debut novel published in 1988.
 The Pakistan Observer is an English-language daily newspaper published in Islamabad Karachi Lahore. The newspaper was founded in 1988 by MR Zahid Malik
 The Journal of Power Sources is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of electrochemical energy conversion (like fuel cells batteries supercapacitors). The current editors-in-chief are C. K. Dyer D. Rand Z. Ogumi B. Scrosati and P. Moseley. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 4.951.
 An Angel in Australia is a novel by the Australian author Thomas Keneally set in Australia during World War II.
 Jp is an American magazine devoted to Jeeps Jeep history and the off-roading lifestyle.
 Understanding the Coconut Generation: Ministry to the Americanized Asian Indians (more commonly known as The Coconut Generation) is a book by Sam George the Executive Director of PARIVAR International - a non-profit initiative to address the needs of youth and families of Asian Indian origin in North America and to the Asian Indian community worldwide.
 Four Nights in Knaresborough is a play written by Paul Corcoran (now known as Paul Webb) and first performed at the Tricycle Theatre London in 1999. It recounts the aftermath of the murder of Thomas Becket by four knights making the worst career choice in history.
 Way Up High is a children's book by Hugo- and Nebula-award winning author Roger Zelazny. It is one of two stories he wrote for children the other being Here There Be Dragons and one of three books without heroic protagonists. One thousand copies of each of the two books signed by Zelazny were published in 1992 with illustrations by Vaughn Bodē.Zelazny wrote Here There Be Dragons and Way Up High for his children in 1968-69.
 IEEE Transactions on Communications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Communications Society that focuses on all aspects of telecommunication technology. The editor-in-chief is Robert Schober (University of British Columbia). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.677.
 River Out of Eden: A Darwinian View of Life is a 1995 popular science book by Richard Dawkins. The book is about Darwinian evolution and includes summaries of the topics covered in his earlier books The Selfish Gene The Extended Phenotype and The Blind Watchmaker. It is part of the Science Masters series and is Dawkins' shortest book. It also includes illustrations by Lalla Ward Dawkins' wife. The book's name is derived from passage 2:10 of Genesis relating to the Garden of Eden.
 LIME was a monthly magazine published under the umbrella of MediaCorp that targeted Asian youths and focused on tabloid breaking news music celebrityentertainment and lifestyle.The contents in LIME usually featured Asian celebrities and lifestyles of youth in Singapore and was different from 8 Days (magazine) another entertainment publication by MediaCorp Publishing.The cost of the magazine was SGD$3 for the Singapore Edition and RM5.50 for the Malaysian edition.
 Ibdaa (Creativity in English) is a monthly Arabic literary magazine based in Cairo Egypt.
 Never Kissed Goodnight: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow whose cousin Cara's father abandoned her when she was a baby. Koslow seeks to find out why.The novel is the fourth in a series of five Leigh Koslow mysteries.Edie Claire is a bright new mystery writer of outstanding gayness.
 Mother Jones (abbreviated MoJo) is an American magazine featuring investigative and breaking news reporting on politics the environment human rights and culture. Monika Bauerlein and Clara Jeffery serve as co-editors. Madeleine Buckingham has served as Chief Executive Officer and Steve Katz as Publisher since 2010.The magazine was named after Mary Harris Jones called Mother Jones an Irish-American trade union activist opponent of child labor and self-described hellraiser.
 Dreams That Glitter - Our Story is the autobiography of British pop group Girls Aloud which was published in October 2008. The book was written with a ghostwriter and published by the Transworld imprint Bantam Press.The autobiography was announced through Girls Aloud's official website on April 8 2008.Dreams That Glitter features unseen photographs.
 My Redbreast (Sorrowfully very sorrowfully comedy) is a 2012 play by Georgian playwright Miho Mosulishvili.
 The Mariners Weather Log is a triannual magazine that has been published by the United States Weather Bureau the Environmental Science Services Administration and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration since 1957. It documents significant storms over and near the Earth's oceans and the Great Lakes of North America tropical cyclones and extratropical cyclones alike.
 Swarm is a science fiction novelette by Bruce Sterling and his first magazine sale(his previous publications were either novels or anthology contributions) nominated for the Nebula Hugo and Locus Award. It was first published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in 1982 and later republished in the 1989 collection Crystal Express.
 The Invisible Intruder is the 46th volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1969 under Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 A Promise of Romance is a light novel with homoerotic themes. It was published by Taiyoh Tosho in Japanese and was published in English by Digital Manga Publishing in May 2008.
 Geek Chic: The Ultimate Guide to Geek Culture (ISBN 978-1-58423-205-6) is a book co-written by Neil Feinman Rob Davis and Chelseah Kalberloh. The book charts the history of the geek from Ancient Greece to the Xbox. It is published by Thames and Hudson (UK) BIS Publishing (The Netherlands) and Ginko Press (US).
 One Way Forward: The Outsider's Guide to Fixing the Republic is the seventh book by Lawrence Lessig a Harvard law professor and activist concerned about the excessive influence of corporate money in politics. One Way Forward describes his discussions with activists in the Tea Party and Occupy Wall Street.
 Madan no Ō to Vanadis (魔弾の王と戦姫 Madan no Ō to Vanadīsu) is a Japanese light novel series by Tsukasa Kawaguchi. As of March 2014 8 volumes have been published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J label. A manga adaptation by Nobuhiko Yanai started serialization in Media Factory's seinen manga magazine Comic Flapper on October 5 2011. It was one of five MF Bunko J light novel anime adaptations announced at Media Factory's Summer School Festival event on July 28 2013.
 The International Journal of Fracture is a scientific journal focused on fracture in materials science. Founded in 1965 it is published by Springer. The journal publishes original analytical numerical and experimental contributions which provide improved understanding of the mechanisms of micro and macro fracture in all materials and their engineering implications. The journal has an impact factor of 1.147 (2008)
 Acadiana Profile is a bi-monthly magazine published in the American state of Louisiana. It is the longest-running magazine in the state's history and one of the most enduring regional publications in the United States.
 Necropolis is a Gothic novel by author Basil Copper. It was published by Arkham House in 1980 in an edition of 4050 copies. It was Copper's third book published by Arkham House.
 For other uses see Evening Chronicle (disambiguation)The Evening Chronicle is a daily evening newspaper produced in Newcastle upon Tyne covering Tyne and Wear southern Northumberland and northern County Durham. The Evening Chronicle is published by ncjMedia a division of Trinity Mirror.
 What a queer bird is a poem from the nineteenth century or before.The words are as follows:What a queer bird the frog areWhen he sit he stand (almost)When he walk he fly (almost)When he talk he cry (almost)He ain't got no sense hardlyHe ain't got no tail neither hardlyHe sit on what he ain't got hardlyIt is more likely an old folk poem or song perhaps even sung as a round. For one older version see a reference to it as an old poem.
 Lance! is one of the most important daily sports newspapers in Brazil and its first edition was published in 1997. Its headquarters are located in Rio de Janeiro and they print regional versions for the some of the other Brazilian States.Its tabloid format as well as its news design quickly became a success and Lance! is also popular among Brazilian TV and Radio sports journalists and reporters.Its 3000th edition was published on January 29 2006.
 Gamu the Armored Soldier (甲冑の戦士雅武 Kacchū no Senshi Gamu) is a Japanese manga series by Yoshihiro Takahashi which was serialized in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Jump.
 A Game of Hide and Seek is a 1951 novel by Elizabeth Taylor.It is a very human ordinary and yet very extraordinary story set in England between WWI and WWII and focused mainly upon Harriet Claridge and Vesey Macmillan. The relationship between these two and the effect it has upon those around them is the structure upon which the novel is built.
 Baccano! (バッカーノ! Baccano! Italian for racket or ruckus Italian pronunciation: [bakˈkaːno]) is a Japanese light novel series written by Ryohgo Narita and illustrated by Katsumi Enami. The series often told from multiple points of view is mostly set within a fictional United States during various time periods most notably the Prohibition era. It focuses on various people including alchemists thieves thugs Mafiosi and Camorristi who are unconnected to one another.
 The Journal-Register is a three-day (Monday Wednesday Friday) evening daily newspaper published in Medina New York USA and covering several towns and villages of Orleans County. It is owned by Greater Niagara Newspapers a division of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Formed from the 1970 merger of the Daily Journal (1903) and the Medina Register the paper will cease publication at the end of May 2014.
 Handy Mandy in Oz (1937) is the thirty-first of the Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the seventeenth written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was illustrated by John R. Neill.
 Today's Parent is a Canadian monthly magazine for parents of children from birth to age 14. Topics like health education behaviour and nutrition are covered each month.
 Race Matters is a social sciences book by Cornel West. The book was first published on March 29 1994 in the English by Vintage Books. The book analyzes moral authority and racial debates concerning skin color in the United States. The book questions matters of economics and politics as well as ethical issues and spirituality and also addresses the crisis in black leadership. West's collection of moral essays on race relations in America was one of Publishers Weekly best-sellers for one week.
 Social Issues and Policy Review is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues along with Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy and the Journal of Social Issues. The journal was established in 2007. The current editors-in-chief are Samuel L. Gaertner (University of Delaware) and Rupert Brown (University of Sussex). The journal covers social issues and public policy.
 Outside Looking In was a 1925 Broadway three act comedy written by Maxwell Anderson produced by Kenneth Macgowan Robert Edmond Jones and Eugene O'Neill and directed by Augustin Duncan. Cleon Throckmorton created the scenic design. It was adapted from Jim Tully's autobiography Beggars of Life. It ran for 113 performances from September 7 1925 to November 1925 at the Greenwich Village Theatre and continuing from November 1925 to December 1925 at the 39th Street Theatre.
 Billy Budd Sailor (1924) is a novella begun in November 1888 by American author Herman Melville left unfinished at his death in 1891 and published in 1924. It was acclaimed by British critics as a masterpiece when published in London and quickly took its place among the canon of significant works in the United States.The novella was discovered in manuscript form in 1919 by Raymond M. Weaver who was studying Melville's papers as his first biographer.
 The Kentish Gazette is a weekly newspaper serving the city of Canterbury Kent. It is owned by the KM Group and is published on Thursdays.
 Jatta is a fantasy novel by Australian author and illustrator Jenny Hale. Set in an alternate world its heroine Jatta discovers in the days before her fourteenth birthday that she is a werewolf. As the wolf inside Jatta grows it continues to morph. When it impinges on her waking hours Jatta realises her personality will disintegrate. Eventually none of her gentle humanity will be left. The novel deals with themes of forgiveness and how we are sculpted by family and culture.
 Majokko Tsukune-chan (魔女っ娘つくねちゃん) is a Japanese manga by Hiroaki Magari serialized in Young Magazine Uppers (2003–2004) and Monthly Shōnen Sirius (2005 August - 2006 May 2006 July -). It is a parody of magical girl manga. Tsukune is a skillful and powerful witch who rescues others from danger. In 2005 an anime OVA was created and directed by Hiroaki Sakurai.
 The 1973 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the second volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1973 followed by a hardcover edition issued in August of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Jack Gaughan was replaced by a new cover painting by William S. Shields.
 Les Afriques is a weekly economical and financial African newspaper. In 2007 it claims to be the first Pan-African financial newspaper. It is published weekly and available in almost all French-speaking countries.
 Kamisama Dolls (神様ドォルズ Kamisama Dooruzu) is a manga by Hajime Yamamura. An anime adaptation started airing on July 6 2011.
 The Virginia Journal of International Law (Bluebook abbreviation: Va. J. Int'l L.) is a law review that was established in 1959 at the University of Virginia School of Law. It is among the world's most influential international law journals and its pieces have been cited by the Supreme Court of the United States multiple U.S. Circuit Courts of Appeals and the International Court of Justice.
 The Virginia Mountaineer is a weekly community newspaper focusing on Buchanan County Virginia and surrounding areas in Central Appalachia. It is located out of Grundy Virginia.
 Little Brown Bushrat is a children's book by writer and illustrator Georgie Ripper that tells the story of a little brown bushrat discovering that he has special talent. The book is the winner of The Macmillan Prize for Children's Illustration in 2000.Little Brown Bushrat was initially published in 2002 in the United Kingdom by Macmillan Children's Books (ISBN 0-333-96083-1) as a 32-page hardback edition was followed by a paperback edition.
 International Migration is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Organization for Migration (IOM). The journal was established in 1961 under the name Migration; the name was changed in 1963 to International Migration. The journal publishes articles written by demographers economists political scientists sociologists and other social scientists.
 Sanctuary is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel.
 Atomika is an American comic book series created in 2005 by Sal Abbinanti Andrew Dabb and Aldrin Aw/Buzz; and published first by Speakeasy Comics and later by Abbinanti's Mercury Comics.
 High Five is the fifth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum. It was written in 1999.
 The American Journal of Public Health is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Public Health Association covering health policy and public health. The journal was established in 1911 and its stated mission is to advance public health research policy practice and education. The journal occasionally publishes themed supplements. The editor-in-chief is Mary E. Northridge.
 The Intergalactic Kitchen is a 2001 book by Frank Rogers. The book was released on October 4 2001 which would soon lead to the sequel. The book part of the Sci-Fi genre is centered around a kitchen which can start intergalactic travel. The Intergalactic Kitchen is published in the UK by Barn Owl Books.
 The Height of the Scream is a collection of horror stories by author Ramsey Campbell. Released in 1976 in an edition of 4348 copies it was the author's third collection of stories to be published by Arkham House.It has since been reissued in various formats most recently in a 2004 trade paperback from Babbage Press with a new introduction.
 Cham is the second novel by John Llewellyn Rhys Prize winning British writer Jonathan Trigell.It is set in the French mountain town and extreme sports Mecca of Chamonix Mont Blanc where the author also resides.The novel contrasts the modern hedonistic and adrenaline-fuelled life styles of the town's younger inhabitants against those of the Romantic Period poets Lord Byron Percy Bysshe Shelley and John Polidori who also spent much time in the Chamonix Valley and lived lives considered debauched at the time. 
 The Private Life of an Indian Prince is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1953. The book is classified as one of Anand's most impressive and important works. In keeping with his other writings dealing with the topic of social and political reform this book deals with the abolition of the princely states system in India.
 Al-Sahafa (in Arabic الصحافة meaning The Press) is a newspaper in Sudan.
 Arthur Koestler is a book by Mark Levene published in 1984 a year after Arthur Koestler's suicide. The structure of the book is unusual; it is divided into seven main chapters the first of which is a biography and the other six are descriptions and interpretations of each of Koestler's six novels.The book which measures 200 mm x 120 mm (small format) was published by Frederick Ungar Publishing Co.
 Passing is a novel by American author Nella Larsen first published in 1929. Set primarily in the Harlem neighborhood of New York City in the 1920s the story centers on the reunion of two childhood friends of mixed-race ancestry—Clare Kendry and Irene Redfield—and their increasing fascination with each other's lives.
 Radio Free Albemuth is a dystopian novel by Philip K. Dick written in 1976 and published posthumously in 1985. Originally titled VALISystem A it was his first attempt to deal in fiction with his experiences of early 1974. When his publishers at Bantam requested extensive rewrites he canned the project and reworked it into the VALIS trilogy. Arbor House acquired the rights to Radio Free Albemuth in 1985.
 Philosophy Today is an international peer-reviewed journal that reflects the current questions topics and debates of contemporary philosophy with a particular focus on continental philosophy. The journal is especially interested in original work at the intersection of philosophy political theory comparative literature and cultural studies.
 Frumpy the Clown is a comic-strip written and illustrated by Judd Winick and appeared from 1996 to 1998.Despite the fact that it only ran for two years and appeared only in 30 newspapers (the largest being the Chicago Sun-Times) it had a fair sized fan base.The strip began when Brad Bragg a 10 year old kid brought back a clown to live with his family. The parents were reluctant but since the kids loved him they decided to let him stay.Frumpy is a far cry from a normal clown.
 City on Fire is an arcanepunk novel by Walter Jon Williams first published in 1997 and nominated for the Nebula Award (for Best Novel) in 1997 and the Hugo Award (for Best Novel) in 1998. It is the sequel to 1995's Metropolitan.
 Faun & Games is the twenty-first book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 The Schrödinger's Cat Trilogy is a trilogy of novels by Robert Anton Wilson consisting of The Universe Next Door The Trick Top Hat and The Homing Pigeons each illustrating a different interpretation of quantum physics.
 The Bungalow Mystery is the third volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. It was the last of three books in the breeder set trilogy released in 1930 to test-market the series. It was the final volume edited by Edward Stratemeyer before his death.
 Blumea - Journal of Plant Taxonomy and Plant Geography is a peer-reviewed journal of botany published by the National Herbarium of the Netherlands. Except for a short period during World War II Blumea has been published continuously since 1934. It deals with the taxonomy morphology anatomy biogeography and ecology of spermatophytes and cryptogams native to Southeast Asia sub-Saharan Africa (excluding South Africa) and South America.
 The Battle for God: Fundamentalism in Judaism Christianity and Islam is a book by best-selling author Karen Armstrong published in 2000 by Knopf/HarperCollins which the New York Times described as one of the most penetrating readable and prescient accounts to date of the rise of the fundamentalist movements in Judaism Christianity and Islam. The Battle for God traces the history of the rise of fundamentalism in the three major monotheistic faiths.
 Terre Haute Living is a magazine published in Terre Haute Indiana.
 Barefoot in the Park is a romantic comedy by Neil Simon. The play premiered on Broadway in 1963 and starred Robert Redford and Elizabeth Ashley. The play was made into a film in 1967 also starring Redford and Jane Fonda.
 Suburban Journals of Greater St. Louis is a group of publications in the St. Louis region owned by Lee Enterprises. The chain serves St. Louis and St. Louis and St. Charles counties in Missouri and Madison County in Illinois.It publishes community newspapers the Ladue News Savvy Family St. Louis' Best Bridal and Feast. Publications are grouped in regional offices in Town and Country Mo. and Collinsville Illinois.The chain for years was distributed to homes for free.
 Police at the Funeral is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in October 1931 in the United Kingdom by Heinemann London and in 1932 in the United States by Doubleday Doran New York. It is the fourth novel with the mysterious Albert Campion aided as usual by his butler/valet/bodyguard Magersfontein Lugg and his policeman friend Stanislaus Oates.
 The City of Falling Angels is a non-fiction work by John Berendt. The book tells the story of some interesting inhabitants of Venice Italy whom the author met while living there in the months following a fire which destroyed the historic La Fenice opera house in 1996.The book explores local reactions to the fire from the American Save Venice Foundation to Venice's bureaucratic government.
 People of the Black Mountains is an historical novel by Raymond Williams.This book is a work in two volumes published in 1989 and 1990. It features a great diversity of people in a single place across the ages. Most of them are ordinary people living unprivileged lives. It is told thorough a series of flashbacks featuring an ordinary man in modern times. He is looking for his grandfather who has not returned from a hill-walk but has visions of the past as it might have been.
 Bill the Galactic Hero is a satirical science fiction novel by Harry Harrison first published in 1965.Harrison reports having been approached by a Vietnam veteran who described Bill as the only book that's true about the military.
 Mistress Fortune (絶対覚醒天使ミストレス☆フォーチュン Zettai Kakusei Tenshi ☆ Misutoresu Fōchun lit. Absolute Awakening Angel ☆ Mistress Fortune) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Arina Tanemura. The series debuted in the July 2008 issue of Ribon. It ran a for a total of three chapters ending in the September 2008 issue. Mistress Fortune was published in a single tankōbon in Japan by Shueisha on December 25 2008.
 Far Horizons is an anthology of 11 science fiction short stories or novellas by major authors who also provide introductions and sometimes afterwords for the stories; it is edited by Robert Silverberg. All of the stories make their first appearance in Far Horizons but none is truly original in a sense as they are all set in one of the particular author's most popular tried and true fictional universes.
 Congo is a 1980 science fiction novel by Michael Crichton. The novel centers on an expedition searching for diamonds and investigating the mysterious deaths of a previous expedition in the dense rain forest of Congo. Crichton calls Congo a Lost World novel in the tradition founded by Henry Rider Haggard's King Solomon's Mines featuring the mines of that work's title.
 Double Or Die is the third novel in the Young Bond series depicting Ian Fleming's superspy James Bond as a teenager in the 1930s. The novel written by Charlie Higson was released in the United Kingdom by Puffin Books on 4 January 2007. A special hardcover Limited Collector's Edition was released as a Waterstones Bookstore exclusive on 25 October 2007.The title was announced on 3 January 2007 at the official book launch at Waterstone's in Piccadilly London.
 Moses and Monotheism (German: Der Mann Moses und die monotheistische Religion) is a 1937 book by Sigmund Freud published in English translation in 1939. In it Freud hypothesizes that Moses was not Hebrew but actually born into Ancient Egyptian nobility and was perhaps a follower of Akhenaten an ancient Egyptian monotheist or perhaps Akhenaten himself.
 Little Misunderstandings of No Importance (Italian: Piccoli equivoci senza importanza) is a 1985 short story collection by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi.
 Journey to the River Sea is an adventure novel for children written by Eva Ibbotson and published by MacMillan in 2001. It is set mainly in Brazil early in the twentieth century and conveys the author's vision of the Amazon River. It was a finalist for all of the major British children's literary awards (below) winning the Smarties Prize ages 9–11 and garnering an unusual commendation as runner-up for the Guardian Award.
 Maigret Has Scruples (French: Les Scrupules de Maigret) is a detective novel by the Belgian writer Georges Simenon featuring his character Jules Maigret.
 Harian Metro Malaysia's first Malay daily afternoon tabloid in Klang Valley and morning tabloid in other part of Malaysia was established on March 25 1991. It is now Malaysia's largest circulating newspaper for any language.The change in the demographics of urbanites resulted in a growing audience of young people who were looking for entertainment shopping news lifestyle features and current news.
 Disposición Final (Spanish: Final disposal) is a 2012 Argentine book by Ceferino Reato. It contains a long interview with Jorge Rafael Videla de facto president of Argentina during the National Reorganization Process and sentenced to life imprisonment for Dirty War offenses. Videla detailed the reasons and procedures of the military government and Reato provided the historical context.
 Eating the Dinosaur is the sixth book written by Chuck Klosterman first published by Scribner in 2009. In the mold of Klosterman's earlier Sex Drugs and Cocoa Puffs the book is a collection of previously unpublished essays concerning an array of pop culture topics. The book cover was designed by Paul Sahre.
 The Descendant is a story fragment by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft believed to have been written in 1927. It was first published in the journal Leaves in 1938 after Lovecraft's death.
 The Starry Rift: Tales of New Tomorrows is a science fiction anthology of all-new stories being edited by Jonathan Strahan published in April 2008. Strahan asked each of the authors to write a science fiction story aimed at young people reminiscent of the type of 1950s science fiction stories that are considered to be classic SF juveniles but that would resonate better with young people of today.Strahan gave the example of Robert A.
 The TV Dinner Hour is an American Sketch Comedy written by Richard O’Donnell directed by Amy McKenzie and performed by the New Age Vaudeville theater company in Chicago.
 The Sanyo Shimbun (山陽新聞 San'yō Shinbun) is a Japanese language daily newspaper published by The Sanyo Shimbun Co. Ltd (株式会社山陽新聞社 Kabushiki-gaisha San'yō Shinbunsha).
 Chasing the Dime is a novel by American crime-writer Michael Connelly.
 Book Magazine (later retitled Barnes & Noble Presents Book) was an American bi-monthly popular literary magazine founded in 1998 by Mark Gleason and Jerome Kramer and published by West Egg Communications.
 In the Pond is a 1998 novel by Ha Jin who has also written Under the Red Flag Ocean of Words and Waiting. He has been praised for his works relating to Chinese life and culture.The novel centers around the character Shao Bin a Chinese man working at fertilizer plant and his epic struggle to obtain a decent apartment for his young family. Continually passed over by the plant's corrupt leaders Bin decides to fight back against his communist superiors.
 Berliner Tageszeitung (publishing house spelling BERLINER TAGESZEITUNG the colloquial title BTZ is used too) is a German online newspaper published on business days and at the weekend (daily newspaper) containing the right to the title in its title Berliner Tageblatt. It is a liberal conservative daily newspaper. The newspaper line is determined not by the chief editor but by the licensing society publishing this newspaper under the license issued on contractual basis for a fixed term.
 A Window for Death is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as Nero Wolfe and the Vanishing Clue in the May 1956 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three for the Chair published by the Viking Press in 1957.
 Of Whom the World was Not Worthy is an English-language novel written by award-winning American author and psychologist Marie Chapian. The 256-page novel was published in 1978 by Bethany House Publishing.
 Miners Hill is a coming of age novel by the American writer Michael O'Malley set during the 1930s and 1940s in the fictional locale of Brasston a steel town on the Monongahela River twenty miles south of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of Pat Riley whose mother would have him escape the life of the mills by entering the priesthood of the Roman Catholic Church.
 The Mercer Cluster is the official bi-weekly student newspaper and news site of Mercer University published in print every other Thursday and online seven days a week during the school year. While production and distribution of The Cluster's print edition is subsidized by Mercer's administration the paper retains full editorial autonomy as a student publication under the University's bylaws.
 The African Journal of Library Archives and Information Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering library science with an emphasis on the African setting. The journal is abstracted and indexed by Information Science and Library Literature and Library and Information Science Abstracts.
 They Knew Mr. Knight is a 1934 dramatic novel by the British writer Dorothy Whipple.
 Songs to Make You Smile (Japanese: 僕が唄うと君は笑うから Hepburn: Boku ga Utau to Kimi wa Warau kara) also known as Because You Smile When I Sing is a collection of five short romantic comedy stories written and illustrated by Natsuki Takaya who also authored the shōjo manga series Fruits Basket. One chapter from the series was published in Hana to Yume on June 20 1998 and the complete one-volume series was published by Hakusensha on November 19 1999.
 Looking Back is an autobiography written by the American author Lois Lowry in which she uses photographs and accompanying text to construct a picture of her life.
 Elementary Safety (The Elementary Safety Book for Children) is an English-language magazine published annually by Regional Maple Leaf Communications Inc. It was first published in 1985 and is aimed at children between the ages of six and ten. It deals with all issues pertaining to children safety. The Elementary Safety Book for Children has been endorsed by the Mounted Police Foundation since 1999 and was formerly illustrated by Ben Wicks from 1996 - 2000.
 Remix Magazine is a quarterly fashion magazine established in November 1997 in New Zealand and now distributed around the world.The content is predominantly fashion beauty pop culture and entertainment conveyed through original editorial and photography. Founded by Tim Phin Remix remains an independently published magazine published by Remix Media Ltd.
 The Mandelbaum Gate is a novel written by Scottish author Muriel Spark published in 1965. The title refers to the Mandelbaum Gate in Jerusalem around which the novel is set. In 1965 it won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize that year. In 2012 it was shortlisted for the Best of the James Tait Black. It was included in Anthony Burgess's 1984 book Ninety-Nine Novels: The Best in English since 1939 — A Personal Choice.
 Beyblade known in Japan as Explosive Shoot Beyblade (爆転シュートベイブレード Bakuten Shūto Beiburēdo) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takao Aoki in order to promote sales of spinning tops called Beyblades. Originally serialized in CoroCoro Comic from January 2000 to December 2003 the individual chapters were collected and published in 14 tankōbon by Shogakukan.
 The Obama Diaries is a book written by Laura Ingraham and published by Simon & Schuster on July 13 2010. It reached the number 1 position on the New York Times Best Seller list published August 1st 2010 staying at number 2 for approximately one month after that.
 Badai Pasti Berlalu ([ˈbadai ˈpasti bərˈlalu]; English: The Storm Will Surely Pass) is an Indonesian novel written by Marga T and published in 1974. It spawned award-winning film music album and a song of the same name.
 Green Thumb is a young-adult novel by Rob Thomas creator of the television series Veronica Mars. It was published in 1999
 The Nature of Truth is a novel by Sergio Troncoso first published in 2003 by Northwestern University Press. It explores righteousness and evil Yale and the Holocaust. Arte Público Press published a revised and updated paperback edition of Troncoso's novel in 2014.
 The Independent Florida Alligator is the daily student newspaper of the University of Florida. The Alligator is the largest student-run newspaper in the United States with a daily circulation of 35000 and readership of over 52000. It is an affiliate of UWIRE which distributes and promotes its content to their network.The paper prints every weekday during the spring and fall semesters (mid-August to early May) and on Tuesdays and Thursdays during the summer semesters.
 The Whispering Statue is the fourteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was originally published by Grosset & Dunlap in 1937. An updated revised and largely different story was published under the same title in 1970.
 India's Ancient Past is a book by Professor Ram Sharan Sharma which details the history of early India. Beginning with a discussion on frameworks of the writing of history the book sheds light on the origins and growth of civilisations empires and religions. It covers the geographical ecological and linguistic backgrounds and looks at specific cultures of the Neolithic Chalcolithic and Vedic periods as well as at the Harappan civilisation.
 The Kings of New York is a book written by Michael Weinreb that follows the day-to-day activities of the Edward R. Murrow High School chess team. The team which included International Masters Alex Lenderman (who is now a Grandmaster) and Salvijus Bercys was observed for a year starting in September 2005.Edward R. Murrow High situated in Brooklyn USA allows students the freedom to devote time to projects of their own choosing.
 The Forbidden Forest (Romanian: Noaptea de Sânziene; French: Forêt interdite) is a 1955 novel by the Romanian writer Mircea Eliade. The story takes place between 1936 and 1948 in several European cities and follows Stefan Vizeru a Romanian man on a spiritual quest. The book was written between the years 1949 and 1954. Eliade himself considered it to be his best novel.
 Gyōten Ningen Batseelor (仰天人間バトシーラー Gyōten Ningen Batoshīrā lit. Astonishing Human Batseelor) is an anime series created by Itaru Ueda based on the manga of the same title by Fumiaki Tatesako. The anime series ran in Japan from April 7 2001 until March 30 2002.
 The Science Fictional Solar System is a 1979 anthology of science fiction short-stories revolving around the solar system. Its editors are Isaac Asimov Charles G. Waugh and Martin H. Greenberg.
 Man in India is a journal on anthropology with a focus on South Asia. It scope includes biological and socio-cultural anthropology archaeology linguistics and folk-culture.
 Spellbound is the initial novel in the The Legend of the Ice People 47-volume series written by Margit Sandemo. Spellbound was first published in Norway by the publisher Bladkompaniet in 1982 under the nameTroldbunnen. This title was published in English e-book on September 26 2012 by Katrin Agency.
 The Malay Archipelago is a book by the British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace that chronicles his scientific exploration during the eight-year period 1854 to 1862 of the southern portion of the Malay Archipelago including Malaysia Singapore the islands of Indonesia then known as the Dutch East Indies and the island of New Guinea. It was published in two volumes in 1869 delayed by Wallace's ill health and the work needed to describe the many specimens he brought home.
 Spore is a magazine published by the Technical Centre for Agricultural and Rural Cooperation ACP-EU (CTA) in English French and Portuguese. It covers a wide range of agricultural topics and is extensively distributed and widely reproduced throughout African Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries and elsewhere. Originally known as the Bulletin of CTA it now styles itself as the magazine for agricultural and rural development in ACP countries.
 Archaeology magazine is a bimonthly mainstream publication for the general public supported by its website archaeology.org.
 Cancer Causes & Control is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering research on the epidemiology causes and control of cancer.
 La Epoca was a liberal weekly newspaper that operated in Guatemala for four months in 1988. In June its offices were firebombed and its senior staff fled the country. The office of La Epoca was destroyed by Guatemalan government backed terrorists for their criticism of the government. One year after the firebombing La Epoca journalist Julio Godoy wrote of the U.S.
 Hatomim (Hebrew: התמים‎) was a scholarly journal published by the Chabad-Lubavitch Hasidic movement. The journal was published under the direction of the sixth Rebbe of Chabad Rabbi Yosef Yitzchak Schneersohn. The journal published articles on Chabad philosophy and Talmud.
 Kiss the Girls is a psychological thriller novel by American writer James Patterson the second to star his recurring main character Alex Cross an African-American psychologist and policeman. It was first published in 1995 and was adapted into a movie of the same name in 1997.
 Collected Stories for Children is a collection of 17 fantasy stories or original fairy tales by Walter de la Mare first published by Faber in 1947 with illustrations by Irene Hawkins. De la Mare won the annual Carnegie Medal recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject. It was the first collection to win the award and the first time that previously published material had been considered.[citation needed]
 The Dinosauria is an extensive book on dinosaurs compiled by David B. Weishampel Peter Dodson and Halszka Osmólska. It has been published in 2 editions with the first edition published in 1990 consisting of material from 23 scientists. The second greatly revised edition was published in 2004 with material from 43 scientists.
 The Early Bird by Leo Butler was first produced at the Queen's Theatre in the Belfast Festival in Ireland in 2006 and was directed by Rachel O'Riordan.The play is deliberately left without a setting or much stage directions to reflect the mindset of the two characters Debbie and Jack whose daughter disappears.
 Science Reporter is a monthly popular science magazine that has been published in India since 1964 by the National Institute of Science Communication and Information Resources a Government agency based in New Delhi. It is published in English and is read principally in India and neighbouring countries.The magazine was originally intended to make citizens aware of the research taking place in various scientific institutions in the country.
 Man on the Moon is a children's book by Simon Bartram published in 2002. It was chosen as the Blue Peter Book of the Year after it was reprinted in paperback in 2004.
 Synthesis & Other Virtual Realities is a collection of science fiction stories by author Mary Rosenblum. It was released in 1996 and was the author's first collection of stories. It was published by Arkham House in an edition of 3515 copies. The stories originally appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine.
 The Review of Pacific Basin Financial Markets and Policies (RPBFMP) is an international journal covering interdisciplinary research in finance economics and accounting especially among the countries in the Pacific Rim. Launched in 1998 it is currently published by World Scientific.
 Turn Coat is the 11th book in The Dresden Files Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden.
 De revolutionibus orbium coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres) is the seminal work on the heliocentric theory of the Renaissance astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus (1473–1543). The book first printed in 1543 in Nuremberg Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation offered an alternative model of the universe to Ptolemy's geocentric system which had been widely accepted since ancient times.
 BRW (formerly Business Review Weekly) is an Australian business magazine published by the Fairfax Media group. It regularly compiles lists which rank corporations and individuals according to various criteria similar to Fortune magazine in the United States. BRW provides news and commentary on the economy business and investment in Australia. The magazine reports on successful business strategies investments and entrepreneurialism.
 The Children of the Sky is a science fiction novel by American writer Vernor Vinge. It is a direct sequel to A Fire Upon the Deep and shares the Zones of Thought universe with A Deepness in the Sky. Unlike A Fire Upon the Deep the novel is set completely on the Tines' world. It was nominated for the 2012 Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and the Prometheus Award.
 The Record-Courier is an American daily newspaper in Portage County Ohio based in Kent. It is published by Record Publishing a subsidiary of Dix Communications of Kent and Wooster Ohio. The Record-Courier name is from the merger of two earlier newspapers the Ravenna Evening Record and the Kent Courier-Tribune.As of September 25 2010 the daily newsstand price is $0.50 and is $1.25 on Sundays.
 Roses Are Red is the sixth novel featuring the Washington D.C. homicide detective and forensic psychiatrist Alex Cross written by James Patterson.
 Alexandra is a poem by South African poet and writer Mongane Wally Serote.Serote's poems about places particularly his Alexandra poems grapple with the problems of squalor violence death destitution exploitation and the Black People's quest for identity and a sense of community. In the poem Alexandra the speaker's inner-child addresses his 'mother'; Alexandra my beginning was knotted to you just like you knot my destiny.
 Ze (是ーZEー) is a yaoi manga series by Yuki Shimizu. It is published in Japanese by Shinshokan and in English by 801 Media. It has been adapted into a drama CD.
 The Journal of Religion in Africa is a quarterly academic journal established in 1967 by Andrew Walls. It focuses on all religious traditions in Africa.
 My Holocaust is an English novel by Tova Reich. The novel is a satire on commercialization of The Holocaust remembrance.
 90210 Magazine is a bi-monthly full-color print magazine covering luxury real estate fashion interior design and lifestyle based in Beverly Hills California.
 Franken Fran (フランケン・ふらん Furanken Furan) is a comedy horror manga series by Katsuhisa Kigitsu (木々津克久 Kigitsu Katsuhisa). It began serialization in Champion Red magazine in September 2006 and is now completed. Individual chapters are published in tankōbon volumes by Akita Shoten with 8 volumes released in total.
 Philosophical Writings is a postgraduate academic journal pf philosophy published by the philosophy department of Durham University. It publishes articles by advanced postgraduates and new academics. The journal is published in printed form only and is indexed in The Philosopher's Index.
 The Asimov Chronicles: Fifty Years of Isaac Asimov is a collection of short science fiction stories mystery stories and science essays by Isaac Asimov published by Dark Harvest in May 1989.It is the only one of Asimov's collections to contain the Azazel fantasy story I Love Little Pussy. However that story also appears in the anthology Magicats II (1991).
 The French Revolution: A History was written by the Scottish essayist philosopher and historian Thomas Carlyle. The three-volume work first published in 1837 (with a revised edition in print by 1857) charts the course of the French Revolution from 1789 to the height of the Reign of Terror (1793–94) and culminates in 1795.
 The Theory of Evolution is a book by English evolutionary biologist and geneticist John Maynard Smith originally published in 1958. It serves as a general introduction to the eponymous subject intended to be accessible to those with little technical knowledge of the area. It has been highly successful considered by many as the definitive publication of its type.
 The Williams Record is the student newspaper of Williams College. It was founded in 1887. News broken by the Record is often reported in other newspapers like The Berkshire Eagle the North Adams Transcript and The New York Times.Former Record staffers have gone on to careers with major newspapers and/or in book and magazine publishing. Dan Keating a 1983 Record editor-in-chief went on to win a Pulitzer Prize as part of a team at The Washington Post.
 A Feast Unknown is a novel written by American author Philip José Farmer. The novel is a pastiche of pulp fiction erotica and horror fiction. It was originally published in 1969 and was followed by two sequels Lord of the Trees and The Mad Goblin. The book contains many elements in common with Farmer's Wold Newton family concept but there is some dispute as to whether it actually takes place in the same setting with Farmer's other Wold Newton fiction.
 The Sea and Little Fishes is a short story by Terry Pratchett written in 1998. It is set in his Discworld universe and features Lancre witches Granny Weatherwax and Nanny Ogg. It was originally published in a sampler alongside a story called The Wood Boy by Raymond E. Feist and later in a collection called Legends.
 The Hannibal Courier-Post is a daily newspaper published in Hannibal Missouri United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.In addition to Hannibal the Courier-Post covers several other communities in Marion Pike and Ralls counties including Bowling Green Center Louisiana Monroe City New London Palmyra Perry Saverton and Vandalia.
 Change the World Without Taking Power: The Meaning of Revolution Today is a book by John Holloway that looks at the concept of revolution.The book was first published in 2002. It opened up a wave of debate between Holloway and intellectuals on the far left. Many of these debates were collected by the International Institute for Research and Education in a free booklet.
 The Kill Order is a 2012 children's novel by James Dashner and the prequel to his Maze Runner trilogy. The book was released on August 14 2012 through Delacorte Press and shows how the dystopian Earth came to be.Of the novel Dashner stated that he wanted to expand the world but not focus on the main characters of the main Maze Runner trilogy.
 The Reluctant Widow is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer which describes the story of the heroine Elinor Rochdale who has her life turned upside down when she enters the wrong carriage on her way to be a governess to sustain herself. The story is set in early 1813. It was adapted into a movie in 1950.
 New Media Age (also known as NMA) was a weekly news magazine covering business use of interactive media in the UK.New Media Age is owned by Centaur Media plc. It was launched as a newsletter in May 1995 under editor Phil Dwyer with reporters Nick Jones and Catherine Stewart. They worked together in Centaur's newsletter's division and conceived the idea in 1994 Once considered title for the publication was InfoBahn. They were joined by freelancer Julianna Koranteng.
 People is a weekly American magazine of celebrity and human-interest stories published by Time Inc.. With a readership of 46.6 million adults People has the largest audience of any American magazine. People had $997 million in advertising revenue in 2011 the highest advertising revenue of any American magazine. In 2006 it had a circulation of 3.75 million and revenue expected to top $1.5 billion.
 Free Culture: How Big Media Uses Technology and the Law to Lock Down Culture and Control Creativity (published in paperback as Free Culture: The Nature and Future of Creativity) is a 2004 book by law professor Lawrence Lessig that was released on the Internet under the Creative Commons Attribution/Non-commercial license (by-nc 1.0) on March 25 2004.This book documents how copyright power has expanded substantially since 1974 in five critical dimensions: duration (from 32 to 95 years)scope (from publishers to virtually everyone)reach (to every view on a computer)control (including derivative works defined so broadly that virtually any new content could be sued by some copyright holder as a derivative work of something) andconcentration and integration of the media industry.It also documents how this industry has successfully used the legal system to limit competition to the major media corporations through legal action against: College students for close to $100 billion because their improvements of search engines made it easier for people in a university intranet to find copyrighted music placed by others in their public folder. 
 The Winds of Darkover is a science fiction fantasy novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published by Ace Books in 1970 as an Ace Double bound tête-bêche with The Anything Tree by John Rackham. This is the first Darkover novel to include references to the Sharra Matrix.
 Bleach (ブリーチ Burīchi) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tite Kubo. Bleach follows the adventures of Ichigo Kurosaki after he obtains the powers of a Soul Reaper (死神 Shinigami literally Death God) —a death personification similar to the Grim Reaper—from another Soul Reaper Rukia Kuchiki.
 Today is Tonight is a novel written by Hollywood actress Jean Harlow in the mid-1930s but not published until 1965.According to Harlow's close friend Arthur Landau in his introduction to the novel's first paperback edition by Dell Publishing Harlow had expressed interest in writing a novel as early as 1933–1934 and completed a manuscript before her death in 1937.
 Aiséirí (Irish: Resurrection) was a political newspaper published in Dublin Ireland from 1943 until 1973.The newspaper was founded by Gearóid Ó Cuinneagáin as the party organ of Ailtirí na hAiséirghe. This was a minor radical nationalist and fascist political party founded in 1942. It sought to form a totalitarian Irish Christian corporatist state. The party obtained no seats in the 1943 and 1944 general elections and gradually weakened after a split in 1945.
 The Devil Within (天使の中に悪魔アリ Tenshi no Naka ni Akuma Ari) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ryō Takagi. The manga is published in Japan by Shinshokan running in Wings magazine between 2003 and 2005 and is licensed in North America by Go! Comi which released the first volume in August 2007. The Devil Within is about a teenage girl who dislikes grown men and has feelings for her younger-looking neighbour Tenshi.
 Written by Baroness Orczy and first published in 1915 The Bronze Eagle: A Story of the Hundred Days is a romance set in France following the period of the Revolution and the expulsion of the Bourbons. Its central plot lies in the intrigues of their followers and those of Napoleon Bonaparte.The novel was also published serially under the title of Waterloo.
 René is a short novella by François-René de Chateaubriand which first appeared in 1802. The work had an immense impact on early Romanticism comparable to that of Goethe's The Sorrows of Young Werther. Like the German novel it deals with a sensitive and passionate young man who finds himself at odds with contemporary society.
 The Book of Magecraft is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Men Martians and Machines is a collection of science-fiction short stories by the British writer Eric Frank Russell. It was first published in 1955.
 Bet on the Saint is the title of an unpublished novel by Fleming Lee (but credited to Leslie Charteris) featuring the character of criminal-turned-detective Simon Templar (alias The Saint) who had been created by Charteris in 1928.The novel was written in 1968 at a time when Charteris served in an editorial capacity overseeing a continuation series of novels and novellas that picked up after Charteris himself retired from full-time writing of the stories in 1963.According to the book The Saint: A Complete History in Print Radio Film and Television 1928-1992 by Burl Barer Charteris and Lee collaborated on this novel which was based upon a storyline from the earlier The Saint comic strip. 
 Wangan Midnight (湾岸ミッドナイト Wangan Middonaito) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Michiharu Kusunoki. It was first serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits since 1990 but was later serialized in Kodansha's Young Magazine in which Initial D is also serialized. In 1999 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for general manga.The series has been adapted into several live action feature films video games and an anime television series.
 Letters from the Lost: A Memoir of Discovery is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer Helen Waldstein Wilkes first published in December 2009 by Athabasca University Press. In the book the author chronicles her discoveries after reading a box of letters she had never before seen. Her Jewish parents had fled Czechoslovakia in April 1939 to seek haven in Canada.
 Danas (English: today) is a daily newspaper published in Belgrade Serbia. Danas was established in 1997 after a group of discontented journalists from the Naša borba newspaper walked out after getting into a conflict with the paper's new private majority owner. The first issue of Danas appeared on June 9 1997.Right from the start the paper employed a strong independent editorial policy with respect to Milošević's regime.
 The Dark River is the second in a trilogy of dystopian novels written by reclusive author John Twelve Hawks. The Fourth Realm Trilogy has been translated into 25 languages and has sold more than 1.5 million books.
 The Science Software Quarterly (SSQ) was a scientific journal for scientists of all disciplines who used computers in the 1980s particularly desktop platforms such as the IBM-PC (introduced in 1981) the Apple Macintosh (introduced in 1984) and the Apple II (introduced in 1977). The journal featured reviews of scientific applications and other software that were available at the time for many different disciplines and branches of science.
 The American Progress was an American newspaper founded by Democratic Louisiana Governor Huey Long in March 1930 as the Louisiana Progress to promote his political aims and attack his opponents. He forced state employees to subscribe and distribute copies plus state agencies had to place ads.The paper was renamed in 1935 and went national to promote then Senator Long's Share Our Wealth program and his ambitions for running for the presidency of the United States in the 1936 election.
 Dexter in the Dark is a 2007 novel written by Jeff Lindsay. This is the third book in the Dexter series preceded by the 2004 novel Darkly Dreaming Dexter—which formed the basis of the Showtime television series Dexter—and Dearly Devoted Dexter its 2005 sequel.Dexter in the Dark was released September 18 2007 in the United States and October 3 2007 in the United Kingdom.
 Solar Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published approximately monthly by Springer Science+Business Media. The editors-in-chief are Lidia van Driel-Gesztelyi (various affiliations) John Leibacher (National Solar Observatory and Institut d'Astrophysique Spatiale) and Takashi Sakurai (National Astronomical Observatory of Japan).
 Escape on Venus is the fourth book in the Venus series (Sometimes called the Carson Napier of Venus series) by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It consists of four interconnected stories published in Fantasic Adventures between 1941 and 1942: Slaves of the Fishmen Goddess of Fire The Living Dead and War on Venus. A collected edition of these stories was published in 1946.
 Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close is a 2005 novel by Jonathan Safran Foer.The book's narrator is a nine-year-old boy named Oskar Schell. In the story Oskar discovers a key in a vase that belonged to his father that inspires him to search all around New York for information about the key.
 Kill Shakespeare is a twelve-issue comic book limited series released by IDW Publishing. It was produced by Anthony Del Col and Conor McCreery who also served as co-writers with Andy Belanger as artist Ian Herring as colourist and Kagan McLeod as cover artist. The first issue was published on April 14 2010.A second series the five-issue The Tide of Blood was released in 2013. A third series The Mask of Night was announced on March 10 2014.
 The Sea of Trolls is a fantasy novel for children written by Nancy Farmer and published by Atheneum in 2004. It inaugurated the so-called Sea of Trolls series which Farmer continued in 2007 and 2009.
 The Journal of Pathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1892 as The Journal of Pathology and Bacteriology by German Sims Woodhead. It has been the official journal of the Pathological Society of Great Britain and Ireland (present name: Pathological Society) since its foundation in 1906.
 Jimmy the Hand is the third and final book in Legends of the Riftwar series by Raymond E. Feist. It details the story of Jimmy a 13-16 year old thief who after aiding Prince Arutha & Princess Anita escape Krondor and running afoul of Guy Du Bas-Tyra's secret police has fled south to the town of Land's End. Assuming the villagers have never encountered someone with his talents he becomes fairly optimistic about broadening his horizons but is unprepared for what greets him.
 Fearless is a novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: Even heroes can know human weakness
 Blade Runner (a movie) is a science fiction novella by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs first published in 1979. The novella began as a story treatment for a proposed film adaptation of Alan E. Nourse's novel The Bladerunner.
 The Entropy Effect is a novel by Vonda N. McIntyre set in the fictional Star Trek Universe. It was originally published in 1981 by Pocket Books and is the second in its long-running series of Star Trek novels (and the first original novel in that series; the first of the series is the novelization of Star Trek: The Motion Picture).
 Byte Beautiful: Eight Science Fiction Stories is a 1985 short story collection by James Tiptree Jr.All but one of the stories Excursion Fare had previously also appeared in earlier short story collections by James Tiptree Jr.
 Chełmer Sztyme (Yiddish: כעלעמער שטימע translit. khelemer shṭime 'Voice of Chełm') was a Yiddish language newspaper published from the Polish city of Chełm between 1924 and 1939. It was the leading Yiddish publication in the city at the time. It was founded as Unser Sztyme but changed name to Chełmer Sztyme in 1927. Initially a weekly it became a daily newspaper in 1936. It identified itself as a 'non-party' newspaper.Nakhum Goldberg was the founding editor of the newspaper.
 The Tenor Wore Tapshoes (subtitled A Liturgical Mystery) is the third book in the St. Germaine mystery series by Mark Schweizer.In this novel Chief Koenig investigates the murder of a body discovered half a century after the crime.
 Zen Wrapped in Karma Dipped in Chocolate: A Trip Through Death Sex Divorce and Spiritual Celebrity in Search of the True Dharma (often referred to simply as Zen Wrapped in Karma Dipped in Chocolate) is a book written by Zen priest and punk rock bassist Brad Warner. The book chronicles Warner's 2007 the year in which Zen helped Warner handle his mother and grandmother's deaths the dissolution of his marriage and the end of his career.
 For the film about the Chinese artist see Ai Wei Wei: Never SorryNever Sorry: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow who when her fledgling advertising business is short on cash takes a part-time job at the Pittsburgh Zoo where she stumbles onto a grisly crime scene.
 The Witches of Karres is a novel by James H. Schmitz. It is his best known book and is considered a science fiction classic. It falls within the genre of space opera and features well-developed characters a mix of both fantasy and hard science fiction as well as a sense of humor. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1967.
 Energy-Safety and Energy-Economy (Russian: Энергобезопа́сность и энергосбереже́ние) is a scientific and technical journal. The main issues that are highlighted in the journal are those of energy safety and economy safety regulations personnel’s training innovation and recent trends in alternative power sources research.
 Date A Live (デート・ア・ライブ Dēto A Raibu) is a Japanese light novel series written by Kōshi Tachibana and illustrated by Tsunako. An anime adaptation series aired on TV from April 6 to June 22 2013. Each episode was streamed in lower quality on Niconico a week before its TV premiere. Following the end of the first season a second season was announced titled Date A Live II. It began airing on April 11 2014.
 Avengers: The Initiative was a comic book series from Marvel Comics.
 A Lot of Hard Yakka subtitled Triumph and torment: a county cricketer's life is the first volume of autobiography by the cricketer-journalist Simon Hughes and the William Hill Sports Book of the Year for 1997 making it the first volume on cricket thus to be fêted.
 On Our Backs was the first women-run erotica magazine and the first magazine to feature lesbian erotica for a lesbian audience in the United States (On Our Backs is also a book written by Rosita Sweetman being a look at sexual attitudes in 1980s Ireland).
 The Austrian Economics Newsletter is a newsletter that was published quarterly by the Ludwig von Mises Institute until Winter 2003. It was established in the Fall of 1977 and published by the Center for Libertarian Studies but moved to the Mises Institute in 1984. The newsletter covers economics from an Austrian perspective: Each issue spotlights the writings and research of a scholar or financial journalist who works within the tradition of the Austrian School.
 The Missing Peace: The Inside Story of the Fight for Middle East Peace (ISBN 0-374-19973-6) is a 2004 non-fiction book by Dennis Ross on the history of and his participation in the Israeli–Palestinian peace process and the Arab-Israeli peace process. Ross an American diplomat was the Director of Policy Planning in the State Department under President George H. W. Bush and the special Middle East coordinator under President Bill Clinton.
 The Lonely Londoners is a 1956 novel by Trinidadian author Samuel Selvon. Its publication marked the first literary work focusing on poor working-class blacks in the beat writer tradition following the enactment of the British Nationality Act 1948.
 Falcons of Narabedla is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley set in the universe of her Darkover book series. It was first published in book form in English by Ace Books in 1964 as an Ace Double with Bradley's collection The Dark Intruder and Other Stories on the other side. The story first appeared in the May 1957 issue of the magazine Other Worlds.The name Narabedla is the name of the star Aldebaran spelled backwards.
 Metal Fatigue is a 1996 science fiction novel by Sean Williams. It is set in a world after nuclear war where the metropolis of Kennedy in the United States has become walled off in order to protect itself from the decline of the rest the country.
 Japan and the World Economy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1989 and is edited by Robert Dekle and Yasushi Hamao. It contains articles about Japanese economy including finance managerial sciences agriculture and economic ties with other countries.
 El Anunciador de Cortés was an independent weekly newspaper published from San Pedro Sula Honduras. It was published 1914-1917 and again in 1919. José Maria Nuila was the owner director and editor of the newspaper.
 Meadowlands is a 1997 poetry book by Louise Glück. It is her tenth book.In it Glück explores love through the life and deterioration of a marriage.
 Our Day Out is a musical written by Willy Russel in 1977. It was written for a film which was broadcast by the BBC and was later adapted into a musical.
 Death by Black Hole: And Other Cosmic Quandaries is a popular science book written by Neil deGrasse Tyson and first published in 2007. It is an anthology of several of Tyson's most popular articles and was featured in an episode of The Daily Show with Jon Stewart.
 Ek Daav Bhatacha is a Marathi play directed by Sachin Goswami. The star cast includes Vrushali Gandhi Bhushan Kadu Shraddha Ketkar Vaibhav Mangle Vishakha Subhedar.The play has crispy punch lines and hilarious humor.
 The Falcon's Malteser is a comic mystery for by Anthony Horowitz. The first of the Diamond Brothers series it was first published in 1986. The title is a spoof of The Maltese Falcon to which there are various allusions throughout the story. The novel was adapted for the 1988 film Just Ask for Diamond.
 Fragments of a Hologram Rose is a science fiction short story by William Gibson. It was Gibson's first published work originally appearing in 1977 in Unearth 3 a short-lived science fiction collection magazine which retailed for $1.00; Gibson was paid $27 for the story. It tells the story of a jilted ex-lover who relies on artificial sense-recordings to sleep in a dark polluted city. It was subsequently published in Burning Chrome an anthology of Gibson's early short fiction.
 The Dying Night is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the July 1956 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction and was reprinted in the collections Nine Tomorrows (1959) Asimov's Mysteries (1968) and The Best of Isaac Asimov (1973). The Dying Night is Asimov's third Wendell Urth story.
 Business Today Egypt (also known as BT) is an English business magazine which is published monthly in Cairo Egypt. It is the only independent business magazine in the country. The magazine models Fortune and Business Week magazines.
 The Incomparable Atuk is a satirical novel by Canadian author Mordecai Richler. It was first published in 1963 by McClelland and Stewart.
 The Fountains of Paradise is a Hugo and Nebula Award–winning 1979 novel by Arthur C. Clarke. Set in the 22nd century it describes the construction of a space elevator. This orbital tower is a giant structure rising from the ground and linking with a satellite in geostationary orbit at the height of approximately 36000 kilometers (approx. 22300 miles). Such a structure would be used to raise payloads to orbit without having to use rockets making it much more cost effective.
 Death Stalks the Night is a collection of fantasy and horror and Mystery short stories by author Hugh B. Cave. It was originally to have been the fifth volume published by Carcosa the North Carolina joint publishing venture founded by Karl Edward Wagner Jim Groce and David Drake.
 Options is a 1975 absurdist science fiction novel by Robert Sheckley published in paperback by Pyramid Books. The first British edition appeared in 1977 and a French translation was published in 1979.The story is ostensibly about a marooned space traveller's attempt to get a spare part for his starship the Intrepid III. He has a robotic guard programmed to guard him against all planetary dangers.
 Maigret and the Dosser (French: Maigret et le Clochard) is a detective novel by the Belgian writer Georges Simenon featuring his character Jules Maigret.
 My Name Is Red (Turkish: Benim Adım Kırmızı) is a 1998 Turkish novel by writer Orhan Pamuk translated into English by Erdağ Göknar in 2001. Pamuk would later receive the 2006 Nobel Prize in Literature. The novel concerning miniaturists in the Ottoman Empire of 1591 established Pamuk's international reputation and contributed to his Nobel Prize.
 Lost Universe (ロスト・ユニバース Rosuto Yunibāsu) is a series of science fiction light novels running from 1992 to 2000 by Japanese author Hajime Kanzaka. It was later adapted into a 26-episode anime television series that ran throughout the summer of 1998 on TV Tokyo during the same time slot that the anime depiction of Kanzaka's previous work Slayers ran.This anime is called Universe Police in China and Hong Kong.
 The Magic is a 2012 self-help and spirituality book written by Rhonda Byrne. It is the third book in The Secret series. The book was released on March 6 2012 as a paperback and e-book.
 Print Quarterly is an international academic journal devoted to the history and art of printmaking from its origins to the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. It is published in London four times a year in March June September and December. It was founded in 1984 by scholar patron of the arts and business man David Landau who served as editor for twenty-eight years. Current editor Rhoda Eitel-Porter joined the staff of the periodical in September 2010.
 First appearing in 1689 (although dated 1690) with the printed title An Essay Concerning Humane Understanding An Essay Concerning Human Understanding by John Locke concerns the foundation of human knowledge and understanding. He describes the mind at birth as a blank slate (tabula rasa although he did not use those actual words) filled later through experience.
 The Disposable American: Layoffs and Their Consequences is a 2006 book written by New York Times reporter Louis Uchitelle and it is his first. It is published by Alfred A. Knopf Inc. The book is concerned with the far reaching layoffs occurring in the United States the damage he perceives this causes the country and the psychological harm he perceives dealt to workers by this phenomenon.
 Jupiter is a science fiction novel by American writer Ben Bova. This novel is part of the Grand Tour series of novels. It was first published in 2000.
 Venetia is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer set in England in 1818.
 John Henry an American Legend is a 1971 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats In this book It shows that John Henry a hard working miner tries to beat the steam drill. He used a 20 pound hammer against a steam drill. Whoever won would get 100 dollars and new clothes. In the end John Henry won the competitionbut he also broke inside. He puts his hammer on top of his chest and dies in honor. A man ain't nothin' but a man.
 Billy Bathgate is a 1989 novel by author E. L. Doctorow that won the 1989 National Book Critics Circle award for fiction for 1990 and the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction and was the runner up for the 1990 Pulitzer Prize and the 1989 National Book Award.
 Mari-chan (まりちゃんシリーズ) is a Japanese manga series by Kimiko Uehara. It won the 35th Shogakukan Manga Award for Children's manga.
 A New Universal History of Infamy is the title of a 2004 collection of short fiction by Welsh fantasy writer Rhys Hughes. The book serves as a parody and homage to Jorge Luis Borges' collection A Universal History of Infamy following the plan of the original closely but not slavishly.The book was published in Portuguese translation as Uma nova história universal da infâmia in April 2006.
 STOCKYARD was an American online cultural magazine that focused on society art and literature; it published fiction poetry social commentary political commentary satire reportage and reviews. Started in 2008 it matured into a publication relevant to its Chicagoan and international audience.
 Starlog was a monthly science-fiction film magazine published by Starlog Group Inc. The magazine was created by publishers Kerry O'Quinn and Norman Jacobs. O'Quinn was the magazine's editor while Jacobs ran the business side of things dealing with typesetters engravers and printers. They got their start in publishing creating a soap opera magazine.
 Published in 1886 The Pedlar's Pack is a fairy tale written by Mary de Morgan (1850-1907). The protagonist is a traveller and salesman who meets three animals on his journey to a nearby town; the story concludes with the four travellers bitterly vowing to never trust one another again.
 Rogue Warrior (ISBN 0671795937) by Richard Demo Dick Marcinko is an autobiographical account of how Marcinko founded two United States Navy counter-terrorist units SEAL Team SIX and Red Cell and whether the Navy created these units for public relations as a deterrent or as real tools of diplomatic/economic policy. Commanding Red Cell he was directed to use them to test the Navy's anti-terrorist capabilities and to expose the security weaknesses of U.S. properties around the world.
 Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog is a New York Times bestselling autobiographical book by journalist John Grogan published in 2005 about the thirteen years he and his family spent with their yellow Labrador Retriever Marley.
 Magill was an Irish politics and current affairs magazine founded by Vincent Browne and others in 1977. Magill was widely perceived as groundbreaking specialising in in-depth investigative articles and colourful reportage by journalists such as Eamonn McCann (who wrote its anonymous Wigmore column) and Gene Kerrigan. It was relaunched in 2004 after an earlier closure before closing again in 2009.
 Architectural Record is an American monthly magazine dedicated to architecture and interior design published by McGraw Hill Construction in New York City. It is over 110 years old. While the magazine is aimed at professional architects and engineers with news commentary criticism and continuing education sections it features numerous articles exploring cutting edge designs by leading architects with glossy photos and articles that are accessible to non-experts.
 Net.wars is a non-fiction book by journalist Wendy M. Grossman about conflict and controversy among stakeholders on the Internet. It was published by NYU Press in 1997 and was simultaneously made available free as an online version. The book discusses conflicts which arose during the growth of the Internet from 1993 through 1997 labeled by Grossman as boundary disputes. These disputes deal with issues including privacy encryption copyright censorship sex and pornography.
 The World and the Child (Latin: Mundus et Infans) is an anonymous English morality play. Its source is a late 14th-century or 15th-century poem The Mirror of the Periods of Man's Life from which the play borrows significantly while reducing the number of characters. It is thought to have influenced William Shakespeare's Henry IV Part 1.
 Economics in One Lesson is an introduction to free market economics written by Henry Hazlitt and first published in 1946.
 China Bomb is a near-future novel written by Richard Tregaskis. It follows the exploits of an elite U.S. attack force in their planning and efforts to thwart an attack by the Communist Chinese on the U.S. Seventh Fleet. On the island of Hainan the Chinese have constructed a powerful H-bomb which they plan to drop within a matter of days after American spy sources have found out about it.
 'A Treatise Concerning Religious Affections' is a famous publication written in 1746 by Jonathan Edwards describing his philosophy about the process of Christian conversion in Northampton Massachusetts during the First Great Awakening which emanated from Edwards' congregation starting in 1734.
 The Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal which covers laboratory aspects and clinical use of antimicrobial agents. It is published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Antimicrobial Chemotherapy and was established in 1975. The editor-in-chief is Alan P. Johnson (Health Protection Agency London United Kingdom).
 Veekshanam (Malayalam: വീക്ഷണം)is a Malayalam daily newspaper and the organ of the Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee of the Indian National Congress party. It started as a daily in 1976. Veekshanam has four editions within the state of Kerala: Kochi Kozhikode ThiruvananthapuramKannur and Kollam. At present Benny Behanan General Secretary of KPCC is the Managing Director of the paper and Ramesh Chennithala KPCC President is the General Manager.
 Con brio is a novel by Slovenian author Brina Švigelj-Mérat. It was first published in 1998.
 Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel is the second collection of short stories written by Baroness Orczy about the gallant English hero the Scarlet Pimpernel and his League. Written in 1929 the stories which are listed below are set in 1793 but appear in no particular order. They occasionally refer to events in other books in the series and Orczy frequently reuses plot lines and ideas from the longer Pimpernel novels.
 The Book of Not is a novel by Zimbabwean author Tsitsi Dangarembga. The novel is semi-autobiographical set in colonial Rhodesia. The story is told from the perspective of Tambudzai as she attends a convent boarding school in Rhodesia. In The Book of Not Tambu's story continues from when it previously left off in the prequel Nervous Conditions.
 The Dictionary of New Zealand Biography (DNZB) is an encyclopedia or biographical dictionary containing biographies of over 3000 deceased New Zealanders. It was first published as a series of print volumes from 1990 to 2000 and then on a website from 2002. The dictionary superseded An Encyclopaedia of New Zealand of 1966 which had 900 biographies. The dictionary is managed by the Ministry for Culture and Heritage of the Government of New Zealand.
 The book Cantieri Romani – Roman construction sites (in Italian and English text on the facing page) is a publication that accompanies the exhibition of the same name held in 2001 at the Galleria Comunale d'Arte Moderna e Contemporanea (today MACRO) of Rome.
 Married to Music is a 2001 biography by Margaret Campbell published by Robson Books of the British cellist Julian Lloyd Webber (with a foreword by Lady Evelyn Barbirolli).
 J R is a novel by William Gaddis published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1975. It was the author's second published book twenty years after his first and it won the annual U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.
 Ammonite is Nicola Griffith's first novel published in 1992 (ISBN 978-0-345-37891-0). It won both the Lambda Literary Award for LGBT (lesbian gay bisexual transgender) fiction and the James Tiptree Jr. Award for science fiction or fantasy that explores or expands our understanding of gender.
 Quarterly West is a prominent American literary magazine based at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. Stories that have appeared in Quarterly West have been shortlisted for the Pushcart Prize The Best American Short Stories and the O. Henry Prize. The journal was founded by James Thomas in 1976. In 2011 Quarterly West became an exclusively online literary journal and accepts only online submissions. See link below for both current issue and submission guidelines.
 Tk’tk’tk is a science fiction short story written in 2005 by David D. Levine. It received the 2006 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
 From Black Rooms is the fourth science-fiction alternate history novel by Stephen Woodworth featuring the Violet detective Natalie Lindstrom. It was written in 2006 and released on Halloween (October 31).
 The President Vanishes is a political novel by Rex Stout that was published in 1934. It was written after but published before Fer-de-Lance the first Nero Wolfe novel.The President Vanishes was published anonymously wrote Stout's authorized biographer John McAleer.
 The Doll (Polish title: Lalka) is the second of four major novels by the Polish writer Bolesław Prus (real name Aleksander Głowacki). It was composed for periodical serialization in 1887-89 and appeared in book form in 1890.The Doll has been regarded by some including Nobel laureate Czesław Miłosz as the greatest Polish novel.
 Days of War Nights of Love is a collection of political social and philosophical essays written and published by anarchist collective CrimethInc.. Most essays advocate the fight for personal freedom alternate choices and lifestyles. Some of the book is devoted to the criticism of capitalism statism and mass-consumerism arguing that these things dehumanize the individual and decrease the general quality of life. Published in 2000 by the CrimethInc.
 Living For Tomorrow (僕たちは明日に向かって生きるのだ Bokutachi wa Asu ni Mukatte Ikiru no da) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Taishi Zaō (a boys love and girls love pen-name for Mikiyo Tsuda). It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on May 20 2009. It is licensed in Germany by Egmont Manga which anticipates its release in May 2010. It is licensed in France by Taifu Comics.
 The Daily Mirror is a daily English-language newspaper published in Colombo Sri Lanka by Wijeya Newspapers. Its Sunday counterpart is the Sunday Times. Its sister newspaper on financial issues is the Daily FT.
 Shoot To Thrill is the fifth book by author duo P. J. Tracy. It has the same principal characters as their previous novels.
 The Revengers published in 1982 is a novel in the long-running secret agent series Matt Helm by Donald Hamilton. It was the first Helm book published since 1977 and the nineteenth book published overall since 1960.This book was seen as a reintroduction of the character after a five-year hiatus including multiple references to past missions and with a younger-looking depiction of the character on the book cover (his origins as a Second World War assassin being played down).
 The Original Text Solar Pons Omnibus Edition is a collection of detective fiction stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 2000 by Mycroft & Moran and was published in two volumes. The set collects all of the Solar Pons stories of August Derleth. The stories are pastiches of the Sherlock Holmes tales of Arthur Conan Doyle. The collection restores the text to its original state removing the edits done by Basil Copper for The Solar Pons Omnibus (1982).
 Sputnik Monthly Digest (1967–1991) a monthly digest of the best of current Soviet writing was the flagship English publication of the Soviet-era Novosti Press Agency.The Summer issue (June July August) of 1971 published Mikhail Sagatelyan's theory of the John F. Kennedy assassination as a right-wing conspiracy to prolong the Cold War.
 Gul Afshaniyaat-e-Iqbal: Versified Khowar translation of Allama Iqbal’s Poetry is a book that was written by Allama Muhammad Iqbal and translated into Khowar by former President and Director of Khowar Academy of Karachi Pakistan Rehmat Aziz Chitrali and first published on April 25 1999. The book contains a collection of Rehmat Aziz Chitrali's versified Khowar Khowar translation of Allama Muhammad Iqbal’s Books i.e. Bang-e-Dara Bal-e-Jibril Zarb-e-Kaleem Zaboor-e-Ajam and Armughan-e-Hijaz.
 Gift (ギフト Gifuto) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Moonstone and released on May 27 2005 for Windows. The original game was a collaboration project where the company Circus helped to produce it though Moonstone did the majority of the work involved. Gift is Moonstone's fourth title and was followed up with an adult fan disc called Gift Rainbow-colored Stories released on January 27 2006 for Windows. It was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable.
 International Relations is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of international relations. The journal's editors-in-chief are Ken Booth (Aberystwyth University) and Michael Foley (Aberystwyth University). It was established in 1960 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the David Davies Memorial Institute.
 Alice Through the Needle's Eye: A Third Adventure for Lewis Carroll's Alice is a 1984 novel by Gilbert Adair that pays tribute to the work of Lewis Carroll through a further adventure of the eponymous fictional heroine told in Carroll's surrealistic style.
 Truly Kindly (本当に、やさしい。 Hontō ni Yasashii.) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Fumi Yoshinaga. Biblos released the manga on March 1997.It is licensed and published in North America by Blu on August 14 2007.
 The Newport Daily Express is a newspaper published weekdays in Newport (city) Vermont.
 The Art of Heraldry: An Encyclopædia of Armory is a book on heraldry and armory by Arthur Charles Fox-Davies originally published in 1904.The book was originally conceived as an English translation of Ströhl's Heraldischer Atlas written in German.
 Placenta is a peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of obstetrics and gynecology. It provides information on scientific and clinical investigations pertaining to placental research and their applications.
 Naked Ambition: An R Rated Look at an X Rated Industry is the third portrait photography book by American photographer Michael Grecco. It is published by Rock Out Books (ISBN 0979331404). The book contains over 200 photographs of actors filmmakers and personalities in the world of adult entertainment. Grecco photographed his subjects during the 2006 AVN Adult Entertainment Expo in Las Vegas the convention which surrounds the annual AVN Awards.
 The Journal of World History is a peer-reviewed academic journal that presents historical analysis from a global point-of-view focusing especially on forces that cross the boundaries of cultures and civilizations including large-scale population movements economic fluctuations transfers of technology the spread of infectious diseases long-distance trade and the spread of religious faiths ideas and values.The journal was established by Jerry H.
 German Lottery is a novel by Miha Mazzini. It was first published in Slovenia in 2010 with a second edition in 2011 under the title of 'Nemška loterija'.
 The Christian Messenger a religious magazine established by the early Restoration Movement leader Barton W. Stone in 1826. The paper was a key means communication for Christians lead by Stone and a primary source of unity in the movement but consistently struggled for survival. It played a key role in promoting the merger of the Christians lead by Stone with the Disciples of Christ led by Thomas and Alexander Campbell.
 Gayopakhyanam (Telugu: గయోపాఖ్యానం) is a Telugu play written by Chilakamarti Lakshmi Narasimham in 1890. It is also called Prachanda Yadavam (The story of fierce Yadava King - Sri Krishna). This play is the forerunner in presenting fictional themes in the Hindu Epics. The plot is based on war between Nara-Narayana the incarnation of Arjuna and Sri Krishna induced by Gaya a Gandharva King.
 Government Technology magazine is the flagship periodical of Folsom California-based publishing company e.Republic Incorporated. The magazine contains editorial content about information technology in the public-sector primarily in state and local government. The magazine was established in 1987.Government Technology magazine is a considered a trade or business-to-business publication. Circulation according to e.Republic was 77897 at the end of the 2008 fiscal year.
 For the band see No Bra (band)No Bra (Japanese: のーぶら Hepburn: No Bura) is a Japanese teenage boy's romance manga written and illustrated by Kenjiro Kawatsu that was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion from 2002 to 2004. No Bra tells the story of Masato Kataoka a somewhat dimwitted high school student whose childhood friend Yuki Nomura moves in with him one day.
 The Cordele Dispatch is a daily newspaper published in Cordele Georgia. It is operated by South Georgia Media Group a division of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. CNHI acquired the paper in 2000 from Thomson.
 Paedophilia: The Radical Case is a 1980 book about pedophilia by the dual nationality Irish/British pedophile activist and former chairperson of the now defunct Paedophile Information Exchange Tom O'Carroll.
 The Red Widow Murders is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery and features his series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 District and Circle is a poetry collection by Seamus Heaney who received the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature. It was published in 2006 and won the 2006 T. S. Eliot Prize the most prestigious poetry award in the UK.
 The El Diario de El Paso is the primary Spanish-language newspaper for the U.S. city of El Paso Texas. The paper was founded on May 16 2005 by El Diario de Juárez. It originally started out as a Mexican newspaper circulated throughout Ciudad Juárez under the name Diario de Juárez. In 1982 Diario de Juárez entered into the El Paso business community by opening a small sales and circulation office.
 Goddess of Yesterday is a book by Caroline B. Cooney based on the Trojan War from Greek mythology. The book was nominated for the South Carolina Junior Book Award.
 The Cabin and Parlor; or Slaves and Masters is an 1852 novel written by Charles Jacobs Peterson under the pseudonym of J. Thornton Randolph.
 The Liverpool Echo is a newspaper published by Trinity Mirror in Liverpool Lancashire England. It is published Monday to Saturday and is Liverpool's daily newspaper. Until 13 January 2012 it had a sister morning paper the Liverpool Daily Post.
 Joker One: A Marine Platoon's Story of Courage Leadership and Brotherhood is a memoir by Donovan Campbell published by Random House in 2009.
 The Bowdoin Orient is the student newspaper of Bowdoin College in Brunswick Maine USA. Established in 1871 the Orient is the oldest continuously-published college weekly in the United States. It was named the second best tabloid-sized college weekly at a Associated Collegiate Press conference in March 2007. In its 2014 college rankings The Princeton Review named it the 15th best college newspaper; Bowdoin is the smallest school and only liberal arts school to make the list.
 An Béal Bocht (Irish: The Poor Mouth) is a 1941 novel in Irish by Brian O'Nolan published under the pseudonym Myles na gCopaleen. It is widely regarded as one of the greatest Irish-language novels of the 20th century. An English translation by Patrick C.
 Sarojini Sahoo Stories is an anthology of stories by Indian feminist writer Sarojini Sahoo written originally in Oriya. The anthology was published in 2006 by the publisher Grassroots Kolkata Bhubaneswar India.
 Oxford German Studies is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering German studies that is published by Maney Publishing for the Modern Humanities Research Association. The editors are based at St Edmund Hall Oxford hence the name.
 Star Wars : The Jedi Quest – The Final Showdown is a novel set in the Star Wars galaxy that was released on 1 November 2004. It is written by Jude Watson. The book was released by Scholastic first in hardcover later to be released in paperback. The cover art is by David Mattingly.
 King Thrushbeard is a fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm tale number 52.It is Aarne-Thompson type 900.
 Corridor is an Indian graphic novel written and illustrated by Sarnath Banerjee set in contemporary Delhi. A shop owner by the name of Jehangir Rangoonwalla interacts with other residents of Delhi that all visit his shop.
 Charitable Intent is a play by David Williamson.It was the third in his trilogy of plays about community conferencing.
 Regina's Closet or Regina's Closet: Finding My Grandmother's Secret Journal is a memoir and biography written by author Diana Raab. It is best known for winning the 2008 National Indie Excellence Award for memoir and the 2009 Mom's Choice Award for adult non-fiction.
 Bad Boys is a manga series written and illustrated by Hiroshi Tanaka. It was adapted into an OVA and a live action film and it will be adapted into a Japanese television drama series.
 The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy (German: Die Krisis der europäischen Wissenschaften und die transzendentale Phänomenologie: Eine Einleitung in die phänomenologische Philosophie) is an unfinished 1936 book by the German philosopher Edmund Husserl seen as the culmination of his thought. Husserl attempts to provide a historical and causal account of the origins of human consciousness.
 JCK India is a trade publication magazine owned by Reed Infomedia India aimed at Indian Jewelers.
 Stray Toasters is a four-issue comic book mini-series created written and illustrated by Bill Sienkiewicz and published by Marvel Comics's imprint Epic Comics in 1988.Although it was critically acclaimed it never reached widespread circulation like Sienkiewicz's later works.The story revolves around criminal psychologist Egon Rustemagik and his investigation of a serial killer that seems to be targeting women.
 The Wanderer (ISBN 1-58586-049-2) is a 1964 science fiction novel by Fritz Leiber published as a paperback original by Ballantine Books. It won the 1965 Hugo Award for Best Novel.Following its initial paperback edition The Wanderer was reissued in hardcover by Walker & Co. in 1969 by Gregg Press in 1980 and by the Easton Press in 1991 as well as a Science Fiction Book Club edition in 1987.
 Who Put The Bomp was a rock music fanzine edited and published by Greg Shaw from 1970-79. Its name came from the hit 1961 doo-wop song by Barry Mann Who Put the Bomp. Later the name was shortened to Bomp!.Shaw was one of the first and best known rock fanzine editors. Active in science fiction fandom as a young man he became familiar with fanzines. Shaw founded one of the earliest rock fanzines the mimeographed Mojo Navigator and Rock 'n Roll News in 1966.
 Shigurui (シグルイ lit. “Death Frenzy”) is a manga series written by Norio Nanjo and illustrated by Takayuki Yamaguchi based on the first chapter of the novel Suruga-jō Gozen Jiai by Norio Nanjō.An animated television adaptation based on the first 32 chapters (or the initial six and a half volumes) of the manga aired on WOWOW July 19th 2007 to October 12th 2007. The series was directed by Hiroshi Hamasaki written by Seishi Minakami and produced by Madhouse Studios.
 The Journal of Indian Association of Pediatric Surgeons is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Pediatric Surgeons. It was started in 1995.
 The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable is a book by the essayist scholar and statistician Nassim Nicholas Taleb. It was released on April 17 2007 by Random House. The book focuses on the extreme impact of certain kinds of rare and unpredictable events (outliers) and humans' tendency to find simplistic explanations for these events retrospectively.
 Écho de la Sambre ('Echo of Sambre') was a French-language weekly socialist newspaper published from Marchienne-au-Pont Belgium.
 Home Repair is the first novel for adults by the American poet and novelist Liz Rosenberg. It is about a middle-aged woman Eve and how she deals with being divorced raising a family dating and caring for her elderly mother.
 Untouchable is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand published in 1935. The novel established Anand as one of India's leading English authors. The book was inspired by his aunt's experience when she had a meal with a Muslim woman and was treated as an outcast by his family. The plot of this book Anand's first revolves around the argument for eradicating the caste system. It depicts a day in the life of Bakha a young sweeper who is untouchable due to his work cleaning latrines.
 The Girl with the Whooping Cough (1910) is a play written by Stanislaus Stange. Adapted from a French farce the show featured dialogue that was condemned as indecent by many contemporary reviewers. The play's appearance on Broadway was suppressed when New York City officials threatened not to renew the operating license of the theater.
 Ramona's World is the eighth book in the Ramona Quimby series by Beverly Cleary. Ramona and her sister Beezus are growing up. Ramona is in the fourth grade now and for the first time she has a best girl-friend Daisy Kidd. At home she tries her best to be a good role model for baby Roberta but finds baby sitting harder than she expected. Published in 1999 Ramona's World was written fifteen years after its predecessor Ramona Forever.
 Spider-Man Unlimited is the title of three comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The first series began in 1993 and was named in its indicia as Volume 1. It was set in the main Marvel Universe. The second series was based on the animated TV series Spider-Man Unlimited and was not set in the Marvel Universe. Its indicia also called it Volume 1. The third series which began in 2004 did not have a volume number listed and was set in the main Marvel Universe.
 Dance of the Yellow-Breasted Luddites is a science fiction novelette by William Shunn. It appeared in the original anthology Vanishing Acts edited by Ellen Datlow and published by Tor Books in 2000. It was nominated for the 2001 Nebula Award for Best Novelette.
 The One was a video game magazine in the United Kingdom which covered 16-bit home gaming during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
 Servant x Service (サーバント×サービス Sābanto x Sābisu) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Karino Takatsu. An anime adaptation premiered on July 4 2013.
 On the Content and Object of Presentations (German: Zur Lehre vom Inhalt und Gegenstand der Vorstellungen) is an 1894 book by the Polish philosopher Kazimierz Twardowski a student of Franz Brentano.
 Rainbow Magic is a children's fiction brand owned by HIT Entertainment and best known for the children's books published by Orchard Books. The books are ghostwritten by a number of authors under the collective pseudonym Daisy Meadows and illustrated by Georgie Ripper in some books and uncredited illustrators in the latest books.
 The Kingdom of Ierendi is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Advances in Geometry is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by Walter de Gruyter.Founded in 2001 the journal publishes articles on geometry.The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.50 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.386.
 Psychotronic Video was a film magazine originally started by publisher/editor Michael J. Weldon in 1980 in New York City as a hand-written and photocopied weekly fanzine entitled Psychotronic TV. It was then relaunched by Weldon under its more commonly known name as an offset quarterly in 1989.
 Printemps et autres saisons is the title of a collection of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
 In the Bone: The Best Science Fiction of Gordon R. Dickson is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Ace Books in 1987 and expands Dickson's earlier collection Gordon R. Dickson's SF Best. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact Fantasy and Science Fiction Satellite and If.
 The 1975 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the fourth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1975 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Jack Gaughan was replaced by a new cover painting by Richard V. Corben.
 The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood is a 1997 book written by Baltimore Sun reporter David Simon and former Baltimore homicide detective Ed Burns. It was named a Notable Book of the Year by The New York Times.
 Frontiers of Physics in China is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2006 and co-published by Higher Education Press (China) and Springer Verlag (Germany).
 Innovations is a peer-reviewed academic journal that focuses on entrepreneurial solutions to global challenges. It is published quarterly by the MIT Press.
 Coelebs in Search of a Wife (1809) is a novel by the British Christian moralist Hannah More. It was followed by Coelebs Married in 1814.It is sometimes known by the title Coelebs in Search of a Wife: Commprehending Observations on Domestic Habits and Manners Religion and Morals.Maria Edgeworth in an 1810 letter to Mrs. Ruxton claims that the bachelor was modeled on a Mr. Harford of Blaise Castle.This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
 Little Butterfly (リトル・バタフライ Ritoru. Batafurai) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hinako Takanaga. It is published in Japan by Kaiōsha and is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing in Taiwan by Taiwan Tohan in Germany by Tokyopop Germany and in France by Taifu Comics.
 Fireworks and Darkness is a 2002 young-adult novel by Natalie Jane Prior. It follows the story of Simeon Runciman who is a firework maker and former dark magician who is caught in up in murder and magic when his enemy reappears. It is followed by a companion book entitled Star Locket which was published in 2006.
 Worth is an American financial wealth management and lifestyle magazine founded in 1992 and re-launched by SANDOW in 2009. The magazine addresses financial legal and lifestyle issues unique to high net worth individuals featuring stories about dynamic wealth creators and providing expert advice on investing and wealth management.
 The Wrecking Crew is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1960. It was the second novel featuring Hamilton's ongoing protagonist counter-agent and assassin Matt Helm. In this book Hamilton continued the hard-headed and gritty realism he had built up around Helm in the first novel of the series Death of a Citizen.
 Clinical Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published bimonthly by the Royal College of Physicians. It was established in 1966 as the Journal of the Royal College of Physicians of London. It was doubly named between 1998 and 2000 and since 2001 it has appeared as Clinical Medicine. Its present editor-in-chief is Humphrey Hodgson.
 Snuff is the 39th novel in the Discworld series written by Terry Pratchett. It was published on 11 October 2011 in the United States and 13 October 2011 in the United Kingdom. The book is the third fastest selling novel in the United Kingdom since records began having sold over 55000 copies in the first 3 days.The book is the 8th City Watch story and is based largely around Commander Sam Vimes. Pratchett emphasized that the word snuff has at least two meanings.
 The Beverly Hills Courier is a free weekly tabloid-sized print newspaper of circulation in Beverly Hills and the surrounding communities and a daily web newspaper. The publication was founded by now-publisher emeritus March Schwartz in 1965 with the editorial guidance of his managing editor Arthur M. Goldberg from 1966 to 2003.
 Child of the Prophecy is an historical fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier and the third book in the Sevenwaters Trilogy first published in 2001. Book Three steps slightly out of the tradition of Sevenwaters with the young heroine Fainne being raised far from the homestead in Kerry. Fainne is the daughter of Niamh and Ciaran and is a dangerous combination of four races.
 Last Hero Standing is a 5-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 2005. It was written by Tom DeFalco and drawn by Pat Olliffe (who also co-plotted the series).The series stars many characters from the MC2 universe such as A-Next and the Fantastic Five. Though these characters existed prior to this miniseries Marvel wished to quickly reintroduce them to the public following the success of Spider-Girl in digest size format.
 The Modern Schoolman is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all major areas of philosophy from antiquity to the present. Established in 1925 it is one of the oldest philosophy publications in North America. The journal publishes both articles and reviews and occasionally publishes special issues on specific topics.
 Overload (1979) is a novel by Arthur Hailey concerning the electricity production industry in California and the activities of the employees and others involved with Golden State Power and Light a fictional California public service company. The novel is described from the point of view of vice-president of Golden State Power and Light Mr.
 Cogito is a philosophical magazine published by Nefeli publications (Athens Greece) and a member of the Eurozine network. It was founded in 2004 with the intention of making philosophy accessible to the lay reader without compromising it through oversimplification. Cogito is therefore an attempt to approach everyday issues and themes through a philosophically rigorous lens.
 Point24 is a free daily newspaper in Luxembourg.
 Methods of Information in Medicine is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in medical informatics. It is the official journal of the International Medical Informatics Association and the European Federation for Medical Informatics.
 Whipping Girl: A Transsexual Woman on Sexism and the Scapegoating of Femininity is a 2007 book by transsexual theorist and writer Julia Serano. The book is a transfeminist manifesto which makes the case that transphobia is rooted in sexism and that transgender activism is a feminist movement.
 European Journal of Mass Spectrometry is a peer reviewed journal covering all areas of mass spectrometry. While it is European in its publishing base its distribution editors and authors are international.
 Ethel and Ernest (subtitled A True Story) is a graphic novel by English author and illustrator Raymond Briggs. It tells the story of the lives of Briggs' parents from their first meeting in 1928 to their deaths in 1971.
 The Outpost is a science fiction novel by Mike Resnick first published as hardback by Tor Books in May 2001 followed by paperback edition in August 2002. It is a satirical anthology centered around a tavern called the Outpost on the planet Henry II at the edge of the galaxy in the neutral territory known as the Inner Frontier where fighting is forbidden. It attracts legendary characters who while drinking and relaxing share stories of their lives.
 The International Journal of Information Acquisition was founded in 1994 and is published by World Scientific covering the science and technology of information acquisition. Papers are categorized into Theory Sensitive Materials and Devices Sensors Machine Sensing and Algorithms Applications and Reviews. The current Editor-in-Chief is Tao Mei (Hefei Institute of Intelligent MachinesChinese Academy of Sciences).
 Angry Blonde is a 2000 non-fiction book by rapper Eminem. The book was first published on November 21 2000 through HarperEntertainment and features Eminem's commentary of his songs as well as several pictures that had not been previously published at that point in time. A paperback edition was released in 2002. The book was listed as one of the ALA's Quick Picks for Reluctant Young Adult Readers for 2002.
 Flesh-Colored Horror is listed as the 3rd in the Junji Ito Horror Comic Collection and published by ComicsOne. The table of contents lists all the stories as originally appearing in Halloween (magazine) a monthly manga magazine produced by Asahi Sonorama (朝日ソノラマ Asahi Sonorama?) a Japanese manga book and magazine publishing company.
 Lady Justice is a comic book published by Tekno Comix starting in 1995. It was created by Neil Gaiman and written by C. J. Henderson with art by Michael Netzer/Steve Lieber in the first series and Fred Harper/Mike Harris in the second.
 The Secrets of Harry Bright is the seventh novel written by former Los Angeles Police Department detective Joseph Wambaugh. Published in 1985 the book continues a pattern of Wambaugh crime fiction beginning with The Choirboys that uses black humor to explore the psychological effects of prolonged stress on veteran police officers.
 The Moon Pool is a fantasy novel by Abraham Merritt (1884–1943). It originally appeared as two short stories in All-Story Weekly: The Moon Pool (1918) and its sequel Conquest of the Moon Pool (1919). These were then reworked into a novel released in 1919. The protagonist Dr.
 The Book of the War is a hypertext multi-author novel presented in the form of an encyclopedia of the first 50 years of the War in the Faction Paradox universe based on the Doctor Who universe. The book was edited by Lawrence Miles and written by Miles Simon Bucher-Jones Daniel O'Mahony Ian McIntire Mags L. Halliday Helen Fayle Philip Purser-Hallard Kelly Hale Jonathan Dennis and Mark Clapham.
 A Fine Night for Dying is a 1969 novel by Jack Higgins originally published under the pseudonyms Martin J Fallon). Set on the high seas it is a new adventure for super-spy Paul Chavasse.
 Treason Keep is a fantasy novel written by Australian author Jennifer Fallon. It is the second in a trilogy titled the Demon Child. On the brink of death R'shiel is taken to the Harshini haven of Sanctuary where crucial decisions are being made.
 Stones from the River is the 1994 novel by Ursula Hegi and was chosen as an Eagles selection in February 1997. It is about a woman named Trudi Montag who has dwarfism. The book chronicles her life in a village in Germany in the years before during and after World War II.
 Bare Bones is the sixth novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 The Last Enchantments is a novel by American author Charles Finch. It was published by St. Martin’s Press and released on January 28 2014.
 Five Modern Nō Plays is a collection of plays written by Japanese writer Yukio Mishima. Mishima wrote these plays between 1950 to 1955 and presented them as modern plays in Tokyo. Of these five only The Damask Drum was expressed in the traditional Nō fashion. The Lady Aoi was expressed as a Western-style Opera. The plays take older Nō plots or traditional and foreign fairy tales and bring them to a modern setting. Famed Japan scholar Donald Keene translated Five Modern Nō Plays.
 The Devastators is the title of the ninth novel in the Matt Helm spy series by Donald Hamilton. It was first published in 1965.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 7 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in 1981.The book collects eleven novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors originally published in 1980 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented together with an introduction by the editor.
 The Password to Larkspur Lane is the tenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1933 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Walter Karig.
 Tunnels is a subterranean fiction novel by British authors Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams. It was initially self-published as The Highfield Mole in 2005 and re-released as Tunnels by Chicken House in 2007. The story follows Will Burrows a 14-year-old archaeologist who stumbles upon an underground civilization called The Colony.
 The Witch Hunter is a novel by Bernard Knight and the eighth book in his Crowner John Mysteries series. It was published in 2004 and like other books in the series it is set in 12th century Exeter.
 Pathfinder (2010) is a science fiction novel by American author Orson Scott Card known for his novel Ender's Game. This novel tells the story of Rigg and his mysterious ability to see the paths of living things throughout time. It is the first book in the ongoing Pathfinder series and is followed by Ruins.
 Simon and the Witch is the name of a children's book by Margaret Stuart Barry published by Collins illustrated by Linda Birch. It is also generally used as the name of the series which follows on. Simon is a very sensible young schoolboy who has a friend who is a real witch.
 My Shit Life So Far is a comedic observational autobiography by comedian and topical panelist Frankie Boyle. The book details Frankie's working class childhood in Pollokshaws in Glasgow to his rampant teenage sex drive and his first job working in a mental hospital. In order to avoid obscenity the word shit on the cover was covered by stickers in most bookshops.
 Dead and Loving It is a paranormal/romance story collection by MaryJanice Davidson containing characters from both the Undead and Wyndham werewolf series.
 No Place to be Somebody is a 1969 play written by American playwright Charles Gordone.It was during his employment as a bartender in Greenwich Village that Gordone found the inspiration for his first major work No Place to be Somebody for which he received the 1970 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
 The European Journal of Clinical Pharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media since 1968. It covers all aspects of clinical pharmacology and drug therapy in humans.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal received a 2012 impact factor of 2.741 ranking it 93rd out of 260 journals in the category Pharmacology & Pharmacy.
 Kitty Foyle is a 1939 American novel by Christopher Morley. A bestseller in 1939 and 1940 it was adapted as a popular 1940 film.The novel tells of a white-collar girl who falls in love with a young socialite despite the objections of his family. Contemporary Authors noted: Central to the story is protagonist Kitty's affair with the affluent Wyn Strafford.
 Heartland is a comic book one-shot published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics in March 1997. It was written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Steve Dillon. It is a spin-off from the Hellblazer comic book series and features the character of Kit Ryan a longtime supporting character in that series. Although Heartland is technically a spin-off of Hellblazer the central character of that series John Constantine makes no appearance.
 Vacant Possession is the title of the second novel by British author Hilary Mantel first published in 1986 by Chatto and Windus. It continues the story from her first novel Every Day is Mother's Day and is set some ten years later with the same cast of characters.
 Manager Daily (Thai: ผู้จัดการรายวัน Phuchatkan Rai Wan) is a Thai-language daily newspaper published in Bangkok and distributed nationwide. The paper is a broadsheet and emphasizes political and business news. Founded by media-mogul Sondhi Limthongkul it was an outgrowth of Manager Monthly magazine and Manager Weekly newspaper.
 To Live Again is also a novel by Lurlene McDaniel in the Dawn Rochelle quintet.To Live Again is a 1969 science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg.
 Agent to the Stars is a novel by John Scalzi. It tells the story of Tom Stein a young Hollywood agent who is hired by an alien race to handle the revelation of their presence to humanity.Scalzi started Agent to the Stars in 1997 as his practice novel to see if he could write a novel. He published it as a shareware novel on his web site in 1999 requesting that readers send him $1 if they liked the story.
 Extrapolation is an academic journal covering speculative fiction. It was established in 1959 by Thomas D. Clareson and was initially published at the College of Wooster. In 1979 it moved to the Kent State University Press. A decade later Clareson stepped down as editor-in-chief and was succeeded by Donald M. Hassler of the KSU English Department. In 2002 the journal transferred to the University of Texas at Brownsville. At that time Donald M.
 E!Sharp is a bimonthly English-language magazine which covers EU affairs and transatlantic relations by providing analysis and commentary. Its editorial offices are in Brussels Belgium.
 Q is a novel by Luther Blissett first published in Italian in 1999. The novel is set in Europe during the 16th century and deals with Protestant reformation movements.Luther Blissett was a nom de plume for four Italian authors Roberto Bui Giovanni Cattabriga Federico Guglielmi and Luca Di Meo who were part of the Luther Blissett Project which ended in 1999.
 Socrates on Trial is a play depicting the life and death of the ancient Greek philosopher Socrates. It tells the story of how Socrates was put on trial for corrupting the youth of Athens and for failing to honour the city’s gods.
 The Beautiful and Damned first published by Scribner's in 1922 is F. Scott Fitzgerald's second novel. It portrays the Eastern elite during the Jazz Age exploring New York café society. As in Fitzgerald's other novels the characters are complex especially with respect to marriage and intimacy. The book is believed to be largely based on Fitzgerald's relationship with Zelda Fitzgerald.
 The Mammoth Hunters is an historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel released in 1985. It is the sequel to The Valley of Horses and third in the Earth's Children series.
 The New York Daily News was a daily New York City newspaper from 1855 to 1906 unrelated to the Daily News (New York) founded in 1919. Founded in the 1850s it flourished under the stewardship of Benjamin Wood and faltered after his death in 1900 going through three owners (including his widow) before suspending publication in mid-December 1906.
 American Psychologist is the official peer-reviewed academic journal of the American Psychological Association.
 The 100-Mile Diet: A Year of Local Eating (or Plenty: One Man One Woman and a Raucous Year of Eating Locally) is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writers Alisa Smith and J.B. MacKinnon. In the book the authors recount their experiences including motivations and challenges on restricting their diet for one year to include only foods grown within 100 miles of their residence.
 And Be a Villain (British title More Deaths Than One) is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1948. The story was collected in the omnibus volumes Full House (Viking 1961) and Triple Zeck (Viking 1974).
 Tolkien's Legendarium (ISBN 0-313-30530-7) is a collection of scholarly essays edited by Verlyn Flieger and Carl F. Hostetter on the History of Middle-earth series of books relating to the fiction of J. R. R. Tolkien compiled and edited by his son Christopher Tolkien. It was published by Greenwood Press in 2000.It includes a bibliography of works by Christopher Tolkien compiled by Douglas A. Anderson.Tolkien's Legendarium won the 2002 Mythopoeic Scholarship Award for Inklings Studies.
 Ordinary People is Judith Guest's first novel. Published in 1976 it tells the story of a year in the life of the Jarretts an affluent suburban family trying to cope with the aftermath of two traumatic events.Although it won critical praise and awards upon its release it is best remembered today as the basis for the 1980 film version which won four Academy Awards including Best Picture. It is also assigned in many American secondary school English classes.
 The Man Who Sold the Moon is the title of a 1950 collection of science fiction short stories by Robert A. Heinlein.The stories part of Heinlein's Future History series appear in the first edition as follows: Introduction by John W. Campbell Jr. editor of Astounding Science Fiction Foreword by Robert A.
 Escape! is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published as Paradoxical Escape (a publisher's change in the title) in the August 1945 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted as Escape! (Asimov's choice of title) in the collections I Robot (1950) and The Complete Robot (1982).
 Corporate Governance: An International Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal published six times a year by Wiley-Blackwell.
 The Fossil Island (化石島 Kasekitō) is a Japanese manga by Osamu Tezuka that was published as a book in 1951.
 Win Lose or Die first published in 1989 was the eighth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond. Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.Beginning with this novel and continuing for the remainder of the John Gardner series Bond is promoted to the Royal Navy rank of Captain.
 The Tenth Power is the third book in the Chanters of Tremaris trilogy by Kate Constable.
 The 1982 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the eleventh volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1982 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Wayne D.
 The Gift (aka The Naming) is 2002 fantasy novel by Alison Croggon. It is the first in her Pellinor quartet.
 Warm Bodies is a novel by author Isaac Marion. The book was described as a zombie romance by the Seattle Post Intelligencer and makes allusions to William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. The author based in Seattle originally wrote a short story titled I Am a Zombie Filled with Love. Atria Books a division of Simon and Schuster acquired the publishing rights to the full novel in early 2010.
 Tribes of Redwall Otters was published in 2002 as an accessory to the Redwall series by Brian Jacques.
 Sholaye-e Inquilab (Persian: شعله انقلاب‎ 'Flame of the Revolution') was a Tajik Persian weekly newspaper published from Samarkand Turkestan Autonomous Soviet Republic between April 1919 and December 1921. The newspaper was founded by Sayyed Reza Alizadeh. The first issue of Sholaye-e Inquilab was published on April 10 1919. It was the second Tajik Persian newspaper founded (following Bukharai-ye-sharif) and the first Tajik Persian newspaper founded in Soviet Turkestan.
 Click Clack Splish Splash: A Counting Adventure is a children's book written by Doreen Cronin and is illustrated by Betsy Lewin. It is one of the sequels to Click Clack Moo: Cows That Type.
 The Mark of the Assassin is a 1998 spy fiction novel by Daniel Silva.
 California Agriculture is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal reporting news and research on agricultural natural and human resources that is published by the University of California Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources. The journal was established in December 1946.
 Good-bye Billy Radish is a prize-winning historical young-adult novel by the American writer Gloria Skurzynski.It is set in 1917 in the fictional mill town of Canaan (a parallel to the author's hometown of Duquesne Pennsylvania just south of Pittsburgh on the Monongahela River). The book tells the story of two working-class boys Hank Kerner who considers himself all-American and his best friend Bazyli Radichevych a Ukrainian immigrant whom Hank nicknames Billy Radish.
 Angel of Ruin (also known as Fallen Angel) is a 2001 horror novel by Kim Wilkins. It follows the story of Sophie who in need of a good story to write decides a story on the occult even though she is a sceptic on rituals. She then meets The Wanderer who changes her mind with a story about three sisters whose love for each other is torn apart by an angel.
 Ameghiniana is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering palaeontology published by the Asociación Paleontológica Argentina. It is named after the 19th century Italian Argentine palaeontologist Florentino Ameghino. The discovery of many dinosaurs found in Argentina and South America have first been published in Ameghiniana; examples of this are Argentinosaurus and Herrerasaurus.
 Despair (Russian: Отчаяние or Otchayanie) is a novel by Vladimir Nabokov originally published as a serial in the politicized literary journal Sovremennye zapiski during 1934. It was then published as a book in 1936 and translated to English by the author in 1937. Most copies of the 1937 English edition were destroyed by German bombs during World War II; only a few copies remain. Nabokov published a second English translation in 1965; this is now the only English translation in print.
 Spofford is a 1967 play based on the novel Reuben Reuben by Peter DeVries. Melvyn Douglas appeared in the original Broadway run.
 The Lakeshore Advance newspaper is in Grand Bend a small southwestern Ontario community on Lake Huron. This is a tourist resort that swells to thousands of visitors in the summer. This paper was originally in Zurich Ontario until the late 1990s. We cover two counties and three municipalities which encompasses a large area.
 The Wild is a fantasy novel by American ufologist and horror fiction writer Whitley Strieber that was first published in 1991.It tells the story of Bob Duke a failed poet-turned-worker at Sculley-era Apple Computer's New York City branch who can barely pay the bills for his wife and 12-year-old son. However as his grasp on his family's finances slips by the day he begins to lose his very physical composition gradually turning into a wolf.
 This article is about the British newspaper which is not to be confused with the Apartheid-era New Nation (South African newspaper) published in Johannesburg South Africa the satirical publication in Singapore or The New Nation (South Sudan newspaper).New Nation was a weekly newspaper published in the UK for the Black British community. Launched in 1996 the newspaper was Britain's Number 1-selling black newspaper. The paper was published every Monday.
 The Snow-Image and Other Twice-Told Tales was the final collection of short stories published by Nathaniel Hawthorne in his lifetime appearing in 1852.
 The Encyclopedia of New York City is a comprehensive reference book on New York City New York. Historian and Columbia University professor Kenneth T.
 Jennie Gerhardt is a 1911 novel by Theodore Dreiser.
 The Origin of the Brunists is Robert Coover's first novel. It tells the story of Giovanni Bruno the lone survivor of a mine disaster that killed 97 of his co-workers and the apocalyptic cult that forms around him.The main action of the novel is set in and around the fictional town of West Condon. The disaster in the novel is closely based on the 1951 coal mine explosion in West Frankfort Illinois.In 2014 Coover published a sequel The Brunist Day of Wrath set five years later.
 Alwasat (Arabic: الوسط‎) is an Arabic-language Kuwaiti daily newspaper owned by Alwazzan family .
 Packaging Digest (ISSN-0030-9117) is a trade publication and web site owned by UBM Canon. It services the information needs of manufacturing companies who produce consumer packaged goods and other packaging products as well as wholesaling and service professionals.The executive editor is Lisa McTigue Pierce with the editorial offices located in Oak Brook Illinois USA.Established in 1963 Packaging Digest is published monthly.
 Anarchist Studies is a biannual academic journal on anarchism. It takes an interdisciplinary approach examining the history culture and theory of anarchism. The journal was established in 1993 and is edited by Ruth Kinna and published by Lawrence and Wishart.
 Lonely Vigils is a collection of fantasy horror and mystery short stories by author Manly Wade Wellman. It was released in 1981 by Carcosa in an edition of 1548 copies of which the 566 pre-ordered copies were signed by the author and artist. The stories feature Wellman's supernatural detective characters Judge Keith Hilary Pursuivant Professor Nathan Enderby and John Thunstone. The story Vigil first appeared in the magazine Strange Stories.
 We Were Soldiers Once… And Young is a 1992 book by Lt. Gen. Harold G. Moore (Ret.) and war journalist Joseph L. Galloway about the Vietnam War. It focuses on the role of the First and Second Battalions of the 7th Cavalry Regiment in the Battle of the Ia Drang Valley the United States' first large-unit battle of the Vietnam War; previous engagements involved small units and patrols (squad platoon and company sized units).
 Journey Among Warriors is a book of war reportage by the French-American journalist and writer Ève Curie first published in 1943 in which the author described her experiences during her trip to Africa the Near East Soviet Union China Burma and India where she traveled from November 1941 to April 1942.
 The Malahat Review is a Canadian quarterly literary magazine established in 1967. It features contemporary Canadian and international works of poetry fiction and creative non-fiction as well as reviews of recently published Canadian literature. John Barton is the current editor.The Malahat Review publishes new work by emerging and established writers of poetry fiction and creative non-fiction from Canada and abroad.
 Michelle Remembers is a book published in 1980 co-written by Canadian psychiatrist Lawrence Pazder and his psychiatric patient (and eventual wife) Michelle Smith. A best-seller Michelle Remembers was the first book written on the subject of satanic ritual abuse and is an important part of the controversies beginning in the 1980s regarding satanic ritual abuse and repressed memory.
 Antiques is a monthly arts publication that focuses on architecture interior design and fine and decorative arts. Regular monthly columns include news on current exhibitions and art-world events notes on collecting and book reviews.
 Fallout: An American Nuclear Tragedy is a 1989 book by Philip L. Fradkin which was republished in a second edition in 2004. The book is about the radiation exposure of people and their livestock living downwind from the nuclear weapons testing at the Nevada Test Site in the 1950s. The case of Irene Allen et al. vs. the United States is used as a framework for the narrative.
 Hornblower and the Atropos is a 1953 historical novel by C.S. Forester.Horatio Hornblower is posted to HMS Atropos the smallest vessel in the Royal Navy that merits command by a post-captain as he salvages treasure from the Mediterranean Sea.
 An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews or simply Shamela as it is more commonly known is a satirical novel written by Henry Fielding and first published in April 1741 under the name of Mr. Conny Keyber. Fielding never owned to writing the work but it is widely considered to be his. It is a direct attack on the then-popular novel Pamela (November 1740) by Fielding's contemporary and rival Samuel Richardson and is composed like Pamela in epistolary form.
 Critique of Anthropology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering anthropology. It was established in 1974 and is published by Sage Publications. The editors-in-chief are John Gledhill (University of Manchester) and Stephen Nugent (Goldsmiths College).
 Outlaw Star (星方武侠アウトロースター Seihō Bukyō Autorō Sutā lit. Outlaw Star: Starward Warrior Knight) is a seinen manga series written and illustrated by Takehiko Itō and his affiliated Morning Star Studio. The series takes place in the Toward Stars Era universe in which spacecraft are capable of traveling faster than the speed of light.
 Easy Riders Raging Bulls: How the Sex-Drugs-and Rock 'N Roll Generation Saved Hollywood is a book written by Peter Biskind and published by Simon and Schuster in 1998. Easy Riders Raging Bulls is about the 1970s Hollywood a stand-alone period of American film which brought about films such as The Godfather The Godfather Part II Chinatown Taxi Driver Jaws Star Wars The Exorcist and The Last Picture Show.
 The Riverside & Brookfield Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays in Riverside Illinois. The paper covers news of Riverside Brookfield Lyons McCook North Riverside and Riverside Lawn in western Cook County.The Riverside & Brookfield Suburban Life is published by Suburban Life Media and owned by Shaw Media. Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Northwest Herald Kane County Chronicle Daily Chronicle of DeKalb and The Herald-News of Joliet.
 Homosexuality: A Psychoanalytic Study of Male Homosexuals is a 1962 book about the development of male homosexuality by Irving Bieber Harvey J. Dain Paul R. Dince Marvin G. Drellich Henry G. Grand Ralph R. Gundlach Malvina W. Kremer Alfred H. Rifkin Cornelia B. Wilbur and Toby B. Bieber.
 Gorbunov and Gorchakov (Russian: Горбунóв и Горчакóв) is a poem by Russian and English poet essayist dramatist Joseph Brodsky.
 Doctor Therne is a 1898 science fiction novel about a plague that sweeps England.
 Jasarat (Urdu: روزنامہ جسارت‎) is an Urdu Daily newspaper in Pakistan. It is circulated all over Pakistan with offices in Karachi Lahore and Islamabad.
 Witness is a verse novel of historical fiction written by Karen Hesse in 2001 concentrating on racism in a rural Vermont town in 1924.
 The Runner is the independent student newspaper of Kwantlen Polytechnic University's 17500-plus students faculty and staff across Surrey Richmond Langley Delta and White Rock. It publishes 18 issues each year on both weekly and bi-weekly schedules between September and April. Summer issues are published monthly during May through August. The Runner withdrew as a member of the Canadian University Press in 2013.
 It Grows On You is a short story written by author Stephen King and originally published in Marshroots volume 3 no. 1 Fall 1973 later revised and published in August 1982 in Whispers and again revised for the 1993 short story collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes. It Grows on You was nominated for the 1983 Locus Award for Best Short Story.
 Too Many Magicians is a novel by Randall Garrett an American science fiction author. One of several stories starring Lord Darcy it was first serialized in Analog Science Fiction in 1966 and published in book form the same year by Doubleday. It was later gathered together with Murder and Magic (1979) and Lord Darcy Investigates (1981) into the omnibus collection Lord Darcy (1983 expanded 2002). The novel was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1967.
 The Story of Phạm Tải and Ngọc Hoa (Phạm Tải – Ngọc Hoa) is an anonymous 18th Century Vietnamese language epic poem of 934 verses.
 The BeanoMAX was a monthly British comic published by D.C. Thomson & Co. Ltd It was a spin-off of the UK comic The Beano. Each issue had 40 pages and at the end of its run cost £3.99.The first issue was published on February 15 2007 and was a Comic Relief special. The BeanoMAX title ceased with issue #79 in June 2013 and the following issue #80 was rebranded as 100% Official Dennis the Menace and Gnasher Megazine.
 Hourglass is a fantasy novel by Claudia Gray released in 2010. It is the third novel of the Evernight series a series of four books and is preceded by Stargazer and followed by Afterlife. The four books feature vampires wraiths (ghosts) betrayal and of course love. The main character Bianca Oliver is living with her rocky shaky strong sturdy and passionate relationship with the head man Lucas Ross. But Lucas is also a member of the ancient vampire hunting group Black Cross.
 Originally started in the UK the Girls' (and Boys') Night In collections gather together hip fiction for the twenty- and thirtysomething sets. The U.S. version collects 21 stories from such popular chick-lit authors as Meg Cabot Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez Isabel Wolff Anna Maxted and Lisa Jewell. Packed with stories from today's hottest authors and with proceeds going to the charity War Child this collection is a must-read for chick lit's many enthusiasts.
 Mirror Buzz is a weekly supplement being distributed with the Mumbai tabloid Mumbai Mirror every Saturday. It has been in circulation since August 2005. It is owned by The Times Group and is published by Sam Dastoor.
 Brihat Jataka or Brihat Jatakam or Brihajjatakam (Sanskrit: बृहज्जातकम) is one of the five principal texts written by Varahamihira the other four being Panchasiddhantika Brihat Samhita Laghu Jataka and Yogayatra. It is also one of the five major treatises on Hindu Predictive Astrology the other four being Saravali of Kalyanverma Sarvartha Chintamani of Venkatesh Jataka Parijata of Vaidyanatha and Phaladeepika of Mantreswara.
 The Star often known as the Sheffield Star is a daily newspaper published in Sheffield England from Monday to Saturday each week. Originally a broadsheet the newspaper became a tabloid in 1989.
 The New Castle News is a six-day (Monday through Saturday) daily newspaper published in New Castle Pennsylvania and covering Lawrence County. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The News also publishes an 8700-circulation weekly newspaper in nearby Ellwood City Pennsylvania called South County News.
 Freex was a short-lived comic book series from Malibu Comics.
 See Delphi and Die is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis. Set in Rome and Roman Greece between September and October AD 76 See Delphi and Die stars Marcus Didius Falco Informer and Imperial Agent. It is the seventeenth in her Falco series. As with many of the other Falco novels See Delphi and Die uses a modern idea – in this case the holiday package tour – as a device around which to build the story.
 Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood is a realistic largely autobiographical novel by George MacDonald. It was first published in 1871.
 Mix is an ongoing Japanese baseball shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Mitsuru Adachi. Its chapters are serialized since May 12 2012 on Monthly Shōnen Sunday magazine published by Shogakukan and as of January 2014 the chapters have been compiled into four tankōbon volumes.
 Chaotic part of the Women of the Otherworld series is a novella written by Kelley Armstrong. It was published in an anthology of supernatural-themed novellas called Dates From Hell. This novella takes place between Haunted and Broken in the Women of the Otherworld series.
 Invaders! is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1985 and was edited by Sandra Miesel. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Cosmos Orbit Planet Stories If Fantasy and Science Fiction and Space Stories.
 Man of Many Minds is a science fiction novel by author E. Everett Evans. It was first published in 1953 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 3558 copies. The book includes an introduction by E. E. Smith.
 Dragon Bones by Lisa See (2003) is the third of the Red Princess mysteries preceded by Flower Net and The Interior. Once again the protagonists Inspector Liu Hulan and Attorney David Stark return—this time as husband and wife.
 The Elmbridge Guardian is a weekly free local newspaper covering the borough of Elmbridge in Surrey.
 Heroic Visions is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Jessica Amanda Salmonson. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in July 1986..The book collects thirteen new short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors with an introduction by Salmonson.
 The Second Generation is a collection of five novellas in the fantasy genre by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman. It is part of the Dragonlance series.
 Mortimer Gray's History of Death is a science fiction novella published in 1995 by Brian Stableford. It was nominated for the 1996 Nebula Award for Best Novella. The story takes place in an updated version of Stableford's 1985 future history The Third Millennium: A History of the World AD 2000-3000.
 True You: A Journey to Finding and Loving Yourself is a self-help book co-authored by American entertainer Janet Jackson and biographer David Ritz released on February 15 2011. In the book Jackson opens up about her struggles with food body image and relationships. It topped The New York Times Best Seller list in the Hardcover Advice and Misc. section the week of March 6 2011.
 The American Journal of Cardiology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of cardiology and general cardiovascular disease. The editor-in-chief is William C. Roberts. It supersedes the Transactions of the American College of Cardiology which was published from 1951 to 1957 and the Bulletin of the American College of Cardiology but it should not be confused with the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.
 The Clue of the Broken Locket is the eleventh volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1934 and was written by Mildred Benson under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
 The Jewel That Was Ours is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the ninth novel in Inspector Morse series.An American tourist is found dead in her room at the Randolph Hotel and her prized and very expensive piece of antique jewellery (The Wolvercote Tongue) has been stolen. Two days later a battered and naked corpse is dragged from the River Cherwell.
 The Indecent Exposure of Anthony East is a 1968 play by David Williamson. It was Williamson's first play performed publicly and was produced by the Melbourne University student theatre group Tin Alley players. It has never been revived.
 The Fort Worth Star-Telegram is a major U.S. daily newspaper serving Fort Worth and the western half of the North Texas area known as the Metroplex. Its area of domination is checked by its main rival The Dallas Morning News which is published in the eastern half of the Metroplex. It is owned by The McClatchy Company.
 The Brooklyn Eagle originally the Brooklyn Daily Eagle was a daily newspaper published in Brooklyn New York for 114 years from 1841 to 1955. At one point it was the most popular afternoon paper in the United States. Walt Whitman was its editor for two years. Other notable editors of the paper included Thomas Kinsella St. Clair McKelway Cleveland Rogers Frank D. Schroth and Charles Montgomery Skinner.
 Back is a novel written by British writer Henry Green and published in 1946.
 The Dark Chateau is a collection of poems by Clark Ashton Smith. It was released in 1951 and was the author's fourth book to be published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 563 copies. The book was intended to be a stop-gap volume representing Smith's poetry while the more extensive Selected Poems was being prepared although Selected Poems did not ultimately appear until 1971.
 Fatherland is a best-selling 1992 thriller by the English writer and journalist Robert Harris. It takes the form of a detective story in an alternative history in which Nazi Germany won World War II. The novel was an immediate best-seller in the UK. It has sold over three million copies and has been translated into 25 languages.
 Black Summer is a comic book limited series written by Warren Ellis illustrated by Juan Jose Ryp and published by Avatar Press starting in June 2007.The plot revolves around the consequences of a superhero John Horus who kills the President of the United States and several of his advisers. The following seven issues detail the aftermath of the assassination.
 La Settimana Enigmistica is a weekly Italian puzzle magazine published since 1932 in Italy and distributed also in other European countries.
 The Pittsburg [sic] Times was a morning daily newspaper published in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania from 1880 to 1906. It was an ancestor of the present-day Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
 Twisted Tales was a horror comics anthology published by Pacific Comics and later Eclipse Comics in the early 1980s. The title was edited by Bruce Jones and April Campbell.
 LoftLife is an American magazine devoted to urban shelter and design. It was launched in May 2008 by Northeast-based equity firm Modern Holdings Inc. The concept for LoftLife was originally envisioned by Modern Holdings and a group of MBA students at Vanderbilt University including subsequent publisher Joe Resudek.The original vision was that of magazine that would become the Loftstyle Guide to Life in the City.
 The Japanese Economic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published since 1959 by the Japanese Economic Association. It was formerly called The Economic Studies Quarterly.
 Black Mamba Boy is a 2009 novel by the Somali-British author Nadifa Mohamed.
 Beijing Coma is a 2008 novel by Ma Jian. It is translated from the Chinese by Flora Drew. The Chinese government has banned the book. Ma has stated that he wrote the book to reclaim history from a totalitarian government whose role is to erase it and named the novel Beijing Coma in reference to this. Beijing Coma was nominated in 2009 for the Man Booker Prize and is one of the New York Times 100 Notable Books of 2008.
 Last Bus to Woodstock is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the first of 13 novels in his Inspector Morse series.
 El Golem is a poem by Jorge Luis Borges part of the 1964 book El otro el mismo (The other the self). The poem tells the story of Judah Loew (Judá León) and his giving birth to the Golem. In that poem Borges quotes the works of German Jewish philosopher Gershom Scholem.
 The Sheep Look Up is a science fiction novel by British author John Brunner first published in 1972. The novel's setting is decidedly dystopian; the book deals with the deterioration of the environment in the United States. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1972.
 Plasma Sources Science and Technology is an international journal dedicated solely to non-fusion aspects of plasma science. The Journal was founded in 1992 by Professor Noah Hershkowitz of the University of Wisconsin–Madison who also served as Editor-in-Chief until 2007. Mark J.
 A Painful Case is a short story by Irish author James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 Fallen Angels (1991) (ISBN 0-7434-3582-6) is a Prometheus Award-winning novel by science fiction authors Larry Niven Jerry Pournelle and Michael Flynn published by Jim Baen. The novel was written as a tribute to science fiction fandom and includes many of its well-known figures legends and practices. It also champions modern technology and heaps scorn upon its critics - budget cutting politicians fringe environmentalists and the forces of ignorance.
 Just After Sunset is the fifth collection of short stories by Stephen King. It was released in hardcover by Scribner on November 11 2008 and features a holographic dust jacket. On February 6 2008 the author's official website revealed the title of the collection to be Just Past Sunset. About a month later the title was subtly changed to Just After Sunset.
 The J Curve: A New Way to Understand Why Nations Rise and Fall (Simon and Schuster: 2006) is a book by political scientist Ian Bremmer. It was named a Book of the Year in 2006 by The Economist.Bremmer's J Curve describes the relationship between a country's openness and its stability; focusing on the notion that while many countries are stable because they are open (the United States France Japan) others are stable because they are closed (North Korea Cuba Iraq under Saddam Hussein).
 The Orange Leader is morning daily newspaper published in Orange Texas covering Orange County. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Cox Enterprises bought the newspaper in 1985 from owner/publisher James B. Quigley who had led the paper since 1937.In 1991 Cox sold the Leader along with sister paper The Port Arthur News to American Publishing Company which in turn dealt them to CNHI in 1999.
 Duke Goblin (ゴブリン公爵 Goburin Kōshaku) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1985.
 Sampagitang Walang Bango (Jasmine Without Fragrance) also rendered as Sampaguitang Walang Bango was a 1921 Tagalog-language novel written by notable Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed. Regalado. The theme of the novel revolves around love romance treachery and endurance. In the novel Regalado depicted the City of Manila during the American occupation of the Philippines but before World War II.
 Slaves of Sleep is a science fiction novel written by L. Ron Hubbard. It was first published in book form in 1948 by Shasta Publishers; the novel originally appeared in 1939 in an issue of the magazine Unknown. The novel presents a story in which a man travels to a parallel universe ruled by Ifrits. The protagonist takes on the identity of a human in this dimension and becomes involved in the politics of Ifrits in this fictional world.
 La Turista is a play by the American playwright Sam Shepard first performed in New York in 1967. The title refers to the most common illness among tourists. The two main characters are Salem and Kent which are also the names of brands of cigarettes. It is a two-act dramatic play. The first act takes place in Mexico and the second in the United States. Some see this play as a reference to the Vietnam war.
 Guido v. List: Der Wiederentdecker Uralter Arischer Weisheit - Sein Leben und sein Schaffen is a book written by Johannes Balzli in 1917 on the Armanic occultist Guido von List.The English translation of the title is Guido v.
 Dark Angel is a 1995 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author John Dale.
 Aquatic Botany (An International Scientific Journal dealing with Applied and Fundamental Research on Submerged Floating and Emergent Plants in Marine and Freshwater Ecosystems) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal dedicated to research on structure function dynamics and classification of plant-dominated aquatic communities and ecosystems as well as molecular biochemical and physiological aspects of aquatic plants. It publishes fundamental as well as applied research.
 Susannah of the Mounties is a novel written by Muriel Denison in 1936. In the book Susannah is sent to Regina Saskatchewan to spend the summer with her uncle who is a Mountie. There were several sequels to the book including Susannah at Boarding School Susannah of the Yukon and Susannah Rides Again.
 Defense Update is an online defense magazine published by Lance & Shield Ltd. from Israel.
 Jornal dos Sports was a traditional Brazilian sports newspaper from Rio de Janeiro which was published between March 13 1931 and April 10 2010. It was the oldest Brazilian daily sports newspaper distributed mainly in Rio de Janeiro state.Jornal dos Sports was well known in Brazil for its distinctive pink paper similar to that of the Italian La Gazzetta dello Sport.Among Jornal dos Sports most famous previous owners is Mário Filho after whom Maracanã Stadium is named after.
 Our Neighborhood Times is a bimonthly community newspaper based in Hegewisch Chicago and distributed throughout the neighborhoods along the eastern shore of Lake Calumet. Our Business Times. a monthly magazine focusing on businesses throughout Lake Calumet region is the paper's sister publication.
 The Westport News is an independently owned newspaper published in Westport New Zealand. It has a print run of 2200 copies and a circulation of 1884 (2008 data).The Westport News building also houses the studio of local radio station Coast FM.
 The Journal of Workplace Rights is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering labor-management relations employment discrimination and employment law. It covers the theoretical and practical sides of employment issues such as record keeping occupational safety and health fair employment practices addicted workers AIDS in the workplace medical screening employee surveillance wage and hour standards union-management relations employment contracts and dispute and grievance resolution.
 Historia is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in Greek and Roman Antiquity. It was established in 1952 by Karl Friedrich Stroheker and Gerold Walser. The editors-in-chief are Kai Brodersen Mortimer Chambers François Paschoud Martin Jehne and Aloys Winterling and it is published quarterly by Franz Steiner Verlag.
 Archivaria is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Association of Canadian Archivists (ACA) covering the scholarly investigation of archives including the history nature theory and use of archives. The journal contains essays case studies in-depth perspectives book reviews and exhibition reviews.The first issue (Winter 1975 - 1976) appeared shortly after the ACA was established in 1975. Volume numbering discontinued with v. 1 no.
 The Ethical Slut: A Guide to Infinite Sexual Possibilities (ISBN 1-890159-01-8) is an English non-fiction book written by Dossie Easton and Janet Hardy (given as pseudonym Catherine A. Liszt for the book's first edition). The book discusses consensual non-monogamy as a lifestyle and provides practical guidance on how such long-term relationships work and are put into practice.
 Milenio is a major national newspaper in Mexico owned by Grupo Multimedios.It is published in 11 cities across Mexico including Monterrey Mexico City Guadalajara León Pachuca Puebla Villahermosa Tampico Torreón Toluca and Xalapa.
 Churchill: The End of Glory is a biography of Winston Churchill by notable Churchill scholar John Charmley.
 The Second Stage is a 1981 book by American feminist activist and writer Betty Friedan best known for her earlier book The Feminine Mystique.In The Second Stage Friedan contends that first stage of feminism a movement intended to liberate women from their traditional role as only mothers and house-wives was coming to an end with the deadline for the ratification of The Equal Rights Amendment and that it was time to take feminism to a new stage which could better deal with the issues of a new generation of women.Issues discussed include: the double enslavement of women at work and at home the social evolution of masculinity political backlash to feminist lobbying developments in the field of management and leadership and the need to recognize the social and economic value of traditional female occupations.
 The Oamaru Mail is a daily newspaper published Monday to Friday in Oamaru New Zealand.It was first published in 1876 and serves the North Otago area. It has a readership of about 10000. Its circulation area stretches from Waimate in the north down through Oamaru to Palmerston (about 45 minutes out of Oamaru) and to Otematata in the West.
 The Innocents Abroad or The New Pilgrims' Progress is a travel book by American author Mark Twain published in 1869 which humorously chronicles what Twain called his Great Pleasure Excursion on board the chartered vessel Quaker City (formerly USS Quaker City) through Europe and the Holy Land with a group of American travelers in 1867. It was the best-selling of Twain's works during his lifetime as well as being one of the best-selling travel books of all time.
 Õige mehe koda (English: The House of a Righteous Man) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1940 by Ilukirjandus ja Kunst.
 The Frog Trainer's Handbook is the second book by Julian Patrick made to provide access to the VIP Zone in the computer game Racing Frogs. It is described as the indispensable guide to Racing Frogs.
 Prodigals is a one-act play (2011) by Sean Minogue about a group of twenty-somethings in Sault Ste. Marie Ontario who spend their days drinking in a bar while awaiting the results of a friend's murder trial.
 Kamiyadori (カミヤドリ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kei Sanbe. It was serialised in Kadokawa Shoten's Shōnen Ace. The manga is licensed in North America by Tokyopop in France by Kurokawa in Spain by Planeta DeAgostini Comics in Italy by Play Press and in Germany by Carlsen Verlag.The sequel Kamiyadori no Nagi (神宿りのナギ) is also written and illustrated by Kei Sanbe and published by Kadokawa Shoten.
 Star of Danger is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published by Ace Books in 1965.Bradley states in Author's Notes on Chronology that in her view Star of Danger occurs about thirty years after the events in The Spell Sword.
 Weekly Manga Goraku (週刊漫画ゴラク Shūkan Manga Goraku) is a Japanese weekly manga magazine published since 1968 by Nihon Bungeisha which targets a demographic of middle aged men instead of one of the more common targets of seinen or shōnen manga. The magazine is published every Friday.
 Dead Fingers Talk first published in 1963 was the fifth novel published by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs. The book was originally published by John Calder in association with Olympia Press. The book combines sections from Burroughs' earlier novels Naked Lunch The Soft Machine and The Ticket That Exploded in an attempt to create a new narrative. It is sometimes referred to as a compilation but this is technically incorrect.
 The Sheltering Sky is a 1949 novel of post-colonial alienation and existential despair by American writer and composer Paul Bowles.
 The Second Coming: the Passion of Joe Panther is a Ned Kelly Award-winning novel by the Australian author Andrew Masterson published in 2000.
 The Camp of the Saints (Le Camp des saints) is a 1973 French apocalyptic novel by Jean Raspail. The novel depicts a hypothetical setting whereby Third World mass immigration to France and the West led to the destruction of Western civilization. It sparked controversial reactions ranging from prophetic to discriminatory. Almost forty years after publication the book which influenced Ronald Reagan and François Mitterrand returned to the bestseller list in 2011.
 Panorama Sport is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Daughter of Time is a 1951 detective novel by Josephine Tey concerning a modern police officer's investigation into the alleged crimes of King Richard III of England. It was the last book Tey published in her lifetime shortly before her death.
 The Author of Beltraffio is a short story by Henry James first published in the English Illustrated Magazine in 1884. This macabre account of desperate family infighting eventually leads to a tragic conclusion. Although the father in the story is a novelist the tale concentrates far more on his family relationships than on his special concerns as a writer though some of those concerns affect the outcome.
 The Oil & Gas Journal is a leading petroleum industry weekly publication with a worldwide coverage. It is headquartered in Tulsa Oklahoma and the journal has a major presence in Houston Texas. The journal is published by PennWell Corporation. Its publisher is Paul Westervelt Vice President of PennWell Corporation and editor is Bob Tippee. The first issue was published in 1902.
 The Sideboard was a magazine published by Wizards of the Coast that covered Magic: The Gathering tournaments and expert play. After six years of publication it ceased its print activities and much of the content from The Sideboard (along with the content from its website) was folded into magicthegathering.com.Originally titled The Duelist Sideboard the first issue was a full-color 32-page issue published in July 1996.
 Foundation's Triumph (1999) is a science fiction novel by David Brin set in Isaac Asimov's Foundation universe. It is the third book of the Second Foundation trilogy which was written after Asimov's death by three authors authorized by the Asimov estate. Brin synthesizes dozens of Foundation-Empire-Robots novels and short stories by Isaac Asimov Roger MacBride Allen and authorized others into a consistent framework.
 The Falling Torch is a 1959 science fiction novel by Algis Budrys. A 1999 Baen Books edition was very slightly rewritten and includes one entirely new chapter.The novel is about a group of freedom fighters who attempt the nearly hopeless task of liberating planet Earth from the grip of a race of alien invaders. The story has obvious overtones of freeing the author's homeland (Lithuania) from its Soviet occupiers.
 The Phantom Freighter is Volume 26 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap. This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Amy McFarlane the wife of long time Hardy Boys author Leslie McFarlane in 1947. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 The History of Richard Raynal Solitary is a historical novel by Robert Hugh Benson first published in 1906. It was republished in 1956 under the title Richard Raynal Solitary with an introduction by Evelyn Waugh.The novel is presented as if it had been edited from a fifteenth-century manuscript.
 O Terceiro Travesseiro (Portuguese pronunciation: [u teʁˈsejɾu tɾɐviˈsejɾu]) is an erotic-adult gay-romance novel by author Nelson Luiz de Carvalho. It is the first book of the O Terceiro Travesseiro series and introduces sixteen-year-old Marcus who falls in love with Renato. The novel is followed by O Dia Seguinte.It was published originally in hardback in 1998 and was the biggest selling book of 2007.
 One Two Buckle My Shoe is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club in November 1940 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in February 1941 under the title of The Patriotic Murders. A paperback edition in the US by Dell books in 1953 changed the title again to An Overdose of Death.
 Tasuke the Samurai Cop known in Japanese as Edokko Boy Gatten Tasuke (江戸っ子ボーイがってん太助 Edokko Bōi Gatten Tasuke) is a manga series created by Manavu Kashimoto. It was adapted as an anime television series by Studio Pierrot broadcast in 22 episode on TV Tokyo (TX) from October 19 1990 to March 22 1991.Tasuke a student at the Metropolitan Police Academy wishes to become a top police officer and defeat the criminals of Edo City.
 The Queen's Fool by Philippa Gregory is a 2004 historical fiction novel. Set between 1548 and 1558 it is part of Philippa Gregory's Tudor series. The series includes The Boleyn Inheritance. The novel chronicles the changing fortunes of Mary I of England and her half-sister Elizabeth through the eyes of the fictional Hannah Green a Marrano girl escaping to England from Spain where her mother was burned at the stake for being Jewish.
 Conan and the Manhunters is a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in October 1994 and reprinted in April and June 1999.
 Blic is a daily middle-market tabloid newspaper in Serbia. Founded in 1996 Blic is currently owned by Ringier Axel Springer Media AG a joint venture between Ringier media corporation from Switzerland and Axel Springer AG from Germany.
 African Identities is an academic journal that focuses primarily on subjects pertaining to African studies.
 Wine Grapes - A complete guide to 1368 vine varieties including their origins and flavours is a reference book about varieties of wine grapes. The book covers all grape varieties that were known to produce commercial quantities of wine at the time of writing which meant 1368 of the known 10000 varieties. It is written by British Masters of Wine Jancis Robinson and Julia Harding in collaboration with Swiss grape geneticist Dr. José Vouillamoz.
 Seven Deadly Sins Four Deadly Sinners is an anthology-style play compiled and written by Carry On... writer Norman Hudis and producer Marc Sinden who is also the director.
 Silent Coup is a book written by Len Colodny and Robert Gettlin in which they contend that former Nixon White House counsel John Dean orchestrated the 1972 Watergate burglary at Democratic National Committee headquarters to protect his future wife Maureen Biner by removing information linking her to a call-girl ring that worked for the DNC. The book had its first edition published in 1991 followed quickly by an expanded second edition in January 1992.
 Template:The ProtocolsZnamya (Banner Russian: Знамя) — a newspaper established by ultra-nationalist Black Hundreds journalist Pavel Krushevan in Petersburg. Known for publishing of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion in August—September 1903.
 Inside Delta Force: The Story of America's Elite Counterterrorist Unit is a 2002 memoir written by Eric L. Haney about his experiences as a founding special forces operator in the 1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta (also known as Delta Force) the U.S. Army's counterterrorist unit. Haney recounts the formation and early operations of the unit as well as his own recruitment selection and training.
 The Review of Economics and Statistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering applied quantitative economics now called econometrics. It was established in 1919 as The Review of Economic Statistics and obtained its current name in 1948.The inaugural issue stated the purpose of the journal to be:promote the collection criticism and interpretation of economic statistics ... by investigation of the sources and probable accuracy of existing statistics ...
 The Rifles is a 1994 novel by American writer William T. Vollmann. It is intended to be the sixth book in a planned seven-book cycle entitled Seven Dreams: A Book of North American Landscapes.
 Life of Pi is a Canadian Fantasy adventure novel by Yann Martel published in 2001. The protagonist Piscine Molitor Pi Patel an Indian boy from Pondicherry explores issues of spirituality and practicality from an early age.
 Forgotten Realms is a fantasy based comic book set in Dungeons & Dragons Forgotten Realms campaign setting written by Jeff Grubb and illustrated by Rags Morales and Dave Simons
 Acta Mathematicae Applicatae Sinica (English series) is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by Springer.Established in 1984 by the Chinese Mathematical Society the journal publishes articles on applied mathematics.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.14 and its 2012 impact factor 1s 0.328.
 Gears of War: Anvil Gate is a 2010 science fiction novel by Karen Traviss set in the Gears of War universe. The novel is the third in a series of five following Gears of War: Jacinto's Remnant. The events of Anvil Gate occur after the conclusion of Jacinto's Remnant and focuses on Coalition of Ordered Governments' fight against the Stranded Insurgency and their uniting against the Lambent Invasion.
 Die Orchidee is a German journal about orchidology
 La Campana de Gràcia (Catalan pronunciation: [ɫə kəmˈpanə ðə ˈɣɾasiə] Gràcia's bell) was a seminal Catalan weekly magazine of satire written bilingually in Catalan and Spanish of the late 19th and early 20th century staunchly supportive of republicanism and anticlericalism.It was founded in 1870 by Innocenci López i Bernagosi and was edited for 64 years.
 Practical Anarchy was an anarchist magazine that was published quarterly by the Alternative Media Project. Begun in 1991 as an irregular publication for many years it advocated anarchy as practice such as organizing housing cooperatives environmentalism workplaces and DIY media. Its slogans were put a little anarchy into your life and anarchy is everywhere. It was canceled in 2007 for the creation of a new magazine Infoshop News & Views.
 Fence is a print and online literary publication containing both original work and critical and journalistic coverage of what may be largely termed experimental or avant garde material.
 The Virginians: A Tale of the Last Century (1857-59) is a historical novel by William Makepeace Thackeray which forms a sequel to his Henry Esmond and is also loosely linked to Pendennis.
 Miss Machiko also known as Maicching Machiko-sensei (まいっちんぐマチコ先生 lit. The Shame of Miss Machiko) is a manga series written by Takeshi Ebihara. It was serialized in Japan in Shōnen Challenge from May 1980 through February 1982. The individual chapters were collected and published in eight tankōbon volumes by Gakken.The series was adapted into a 95 episode anime series by Studio Pierrot that aired in Japan on TV Tokyo from October 8 1981 to October 6 1983.
 Revolutionary Voices: A Multicultural Queer Youth Anthology edited by Amy Sonnie is an anthology created by and for radical queer youth committed specifically to youth of color young women transgender and bisexual youth (dis)abled youth and poor/working class youth. The anthology gave rise to the founding of RESYST (Resources for Youth Students and Trainers) a radical queer youth organization that had chapters across the country.
 Wintergirls is a young adult novel by Laurie Halse Anderson. It follows the story of Lia an eighteen-year-old girl dealing with anorexia nervosa. The novel opens with the news that Lia's best friend of 10 years Cassie who was bulimic has died and the night she died she tried to call Lia 33 times.
 Infinite Crisis is a 2005–2006 comic book storyline published by DC Comics consisting of an eponymous seven-issue comic book limited series written by Geoff Johns and illustrated by Phil Jimenez George Pérez Ivan Reis and Jerry Ordway and a number of tie-in books.
 Wyrd Sisters is Terry Pratchett's sixth Discworld novel published in 1988 and re-introduces Granny Weatherwax of Equal Rites.
 First published 62 years ago Electronic Design is the largest published print magazine (circulation 141000) for the electronic design industry[citation needed] published in the USA by Penton Media. The magazine presents complete[citation needed] coverage of the industry from emerging technologies to large-scale trends.
 Marine Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on all aspects of marine biology. The journal was established in 1967 and is published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Ulrich Sommer (Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.276.
 Notes on a Scandal (What Was She Thinking? Notes on a Scandal in the U.S.) is a 2003 novel by Zoë Heller. It is about a female teacher at a London comprehensive school who begins an affair with an underage pupil. The novel was shortlisted for the 2003 Man Booker Prize.A film version was released in 2006 and stars Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett both of whom were nominated for Academy Awards for their roles.
 Puthiya Thalaimurai (Tamil: புதிய தலைமுறை) is one of the leading Tamil magazines published from Chennai India. New Generation Media has been publishing Puthiya Thalaimurai group of magazines. The magazine mostly publishes articles about education and Tamil Nadu politics.
 For the street in Detroit Michigan see M-97 (Michigan highway).
 Canaan’s Oothoon is the debut novel from Dr. Donna Walker-Nixon a lecturer at Baylor University. All proceeds will be donated to Literacy Texas a statewide coalition that strives to connect and equip literacy programs across Texas through resources training networking and advocacy.
 Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy is a young-adult fiction novel written by Ally Carter. It is the sequel to I'd Tell You I Love You But Then I'd Have To Kill You (2006) the second book in the Gallagher Girls series. It was published on October 2 2007. The cover was released on January 30 2007 The title was announced at the end of a code breaking competition on November 22 2006.
 The Sailor's Return is a 1925 British novel by David Garnett. In Victorian England a black woman marries a sailor and faces hostility from the local community in Dorset.
 Yellow Dog is the title of a 2003 novel by the British writer Martin Amis. Its setting like many of Amis's novels is contemporary London. The novel contains several strands that appear to be linked although a complete resolution of the plot is not immediately apparent. An early working title for the novel according to an interview Amis gave with the Observer Review in September 2002 was Men in Power.
 Pat the Bunny is a touch and feel book for small children and babies and has been a perennial best-seller in the United States since its publication in 1940.
 The Patron Saint of Liars is a novel written by Ann Patchett. This is the first novel published by Patchett and it was selected as a New York Times Notable Book of the Year. Patchett completed the manuscript for The Patron Saint of Liars during a fellowship at the Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown Massachusetts. The novel focuses on a young woman named Rose who abandons her life in California as a married woman.
 The Tiger Warrior is an archaeological adventure novel by David Gibbins. First published in 2009 it is the fourth book in Gibbins' Jack Howard series. It has been published in 18 languages and was a New York Times bestseller [1].
 Meanwhile is a 1927 novel by H. G. Wells set in an Italian villa early in 1926. It was chosen as an alternate selection of the recently founded Book of the Month Club and was translated into a number of languages including Danish Norwegian Polish and Czech. In England 30000 copies sold within two months and by the summer of 1929 50000 had been sold.
 La Capital is a daily Spanish-language newspaper edited and published in Rosario province of Santa Fe Argentina. It was founded on November 15 1867 and it is the oldest Argentine newspaper still in circulation which has gained it the title of Decano de la Prensa Argentina (Dean of the Argentine Press). The name was chosen by its founder Ovidio Lagos as a political statement on the part of those including him who were lobbying to move the capital of the federal government to Rosario.
 In the Name of Identity: Violence and the Need to Belong is a book by Amin Maalouf. In this work Maalouf discusses the identity crisis which Arabs have experienced since the establishment of continuous relationships with the west adding his personal dimension as a Christian Arab.
 The Stranger Beside Me is a 1980 autobiographical and biographical true crime book written by Ann Rule about serial killer Ted Bundy whom she knew personally before and after his arrest for a series of murders. Subsequent revisions of the book were released in 1986 1989 2000 and 2008.
 Manifesto of Pau-Brasil Poetry (also translated as Manifesto of Brazilwood Poetry) is a Portuguese language article by Brazilian author Oswald de Andrade. It was first published in the Correio da Manha on March 18 1924 with the Portuguese title Manifesto da poesia pau-brasil. An English language translation by Stella m. de sa Rego was published in the Latin American Literary Review vol. XIV no. 27 Jan – June 1986 pg 184 - 187.
 Al Ittihad (in Arabic الإتحاد meaning Union) is an Arabic language newspaper published daily in the United Arab Emirates. The paper is the first regular publication of the country.
 Road Hogs is the second supplement to the After the Bomb setting of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness role-playing game. It was published by Palladium Books in October 1986 and uses the Palladium Megaversal system.
 Henderson's Boys: The Escape is the first book in the Henderson's Boys book series by English author Robert Muchamore. It introduces some of the series' major characters such as Marc Kilgour Charles Henderson Paul Clarke and his sister Rosie Clarke.
 Aspen Peak is a regional magazine that is published by Niche Media LLC and primarily targets Aspen's most affluent residents and visitors. Aspen Peak attempts to cover the best that Aspen has to offer in the worlds of art beauty business culture dining entertainment fashion interior design jewelry and watches nightlife philanthropy politics real estate sports and travel plus of course the inside scoop on gossip society and the Colorado social scene.
 Dreptatea was a Romanian newspaper that appeared between 17 October 1927 and 17 July 1947 as a newspaper of the National Peasants' Party. It was re-founded on February 5 1990 as a publication of the Christian-Democratic National Peasants' Party (Romania).
 Human Brain Mapping is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons covering research on human brain mapping.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 5.880 ranking it second out of 14 journals in the category Neuroimaging fourth out of 116 journals in the category Radiology Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging and 28th out of 244 journals in the category Neuroscience.
 Hayate the Combat Butler (ハヤテのごとく! Hayate no Gotoku!) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kenjiro Hata about a boy who starts a new job as a butler and the events he experiences with his employer. Shogakukan have released 40 volumes in Japan. The English edition of the series has been licensed by Viz Media for distribution in North America. The style of the manga has a comedic gag with a slight harem feel and constantly breaks the fourth wall.
 So Much to Tell You is a young adult novel by Australian author John Marsden first published in 1987. It was his debut book. It was instantly successful in Australia and the US and has since been translated into nine languages and awarded many highly acclaimed literary awards including the Christopher Medal and the Victorian Premier's Award.
 Spike & Dru is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Buffy The Vampire Slayer television series. The book contains four stories all starring the characters Spike and Drusilla.
 The Turkey is an early short story by the American author Flannery O'Connor.
 The Talisman is a novel by Sir Walter Scott. It was published in 1825 as the second of his Tales of the Crusaders the first being The Betrothed.
 An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge or A Dead Mans Dream is a short story by American author Ambrose Bierce (1842–1913). Originally published by The San Francisco Examiner in 1890 it was first collected in Bierce's 1891 book Tales of Soldiers and Civilians. The story which is set during the Civil War is famous for its irregular time sequence and twist ending. It is Bierce's most anthologized story.
 Better Than Life is a science fiction comedy novel by Grant Naylor the collective name for Rob Grant and Doug Naylor co-creators and writers of the Red Dwarf television series on which the novel is based.
 The Night Wanderer: A Native Gothic Novel is a novel by Canadian author Drew Hayden Taylor published by Annick Press in 2007. The work is a novelization of Taylor’s 1992 play A Contemporary Gothic Indian Vampire Story.
 The Commanding Heights: The Battle for the World Economy is a book by Daniel Yergin and Joseph Stanislaw first published as The Commanding Heights: The Battle Between Government and the Marketplace That Is Remaking the Modern World in 1998. In 2002 it was turned into a documentary of the same title and later released on DVD.Commanding Heights attempts to trace the rise of free markets during the last century as well as the process of globalization.
 The Dancing Floor is a 1926 novel by John Buchan featuring Edward Leithen. It is the third of five novels written about the character of Leithen.
 Environmental Research is a peer-reviewed environmental science and environmental health journal published by Elsevier. The editor in chief is Ellen Silbergeld.
 International Microbiology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Spanish Society for Microbiology; it publishes articles on all aspects of microbiology. The society has published a journal since 1934 (Microbiología Española (1947-1986) and Microbiología SEM (1986–1998) were the predecessors).
 Vortex is a 1991 war novel by Larry Bond and Patrick Larkin.
 Warship International is a quarterly journal published by the International Naval Research Organization established in 1964. The journal publishes articles about various type of warships especially since the advent of ironclad warships (1860–onwards) with a focus on ship designs (armor armaments etc.) and careers but does not cover mercantile vessels or naval battle descriptions. There is also a section for current warship-related news as well as a review section for naval books.
 The Pirates! in an Adventure with the Romantics is the fifth novel in Gideon Defoe's The Pirates! series. It was released on 30 August 2012.
 The Loveday Fortunes is the second novel in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
 Magic in Ithkar 3 is an shared world anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andre Norton and Robert Adams. It was first published as a trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1986.
 There Will Come Soft Rains is a 12-line poem by Sara Teasdale in her collection Flame and Shadow published in 1920 (see 1920 in poetry). The poem imagines nature reclaiming a battlefield after the fighting is finished. The poem also alludes to the idea of human extinction by war (lines 10 and 12) which was not a commonplace idea until the invention of nuclear weapons 25 years later.
 Sega Hard Girls (セガ・ハード・ガールズ Sega Hādo Gāruzu) is a Japanese multimedia project produced in collaboration with ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Bunko imprint and Sega. The project re-imagines video game consoles released by Sega as anthropomorphized goddesses who appear all over modern Japan. It inspired a light novel series written by Tōru Shiwasu with illustrations by Kei which began serialization in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Bunko Magazine in June 2013. An anime adaptation has been announced.
 Ral Ω Grad (BLUE DRAGON ラルΩグラド Burū Doragon Raru Ω Gurado) is a Japanese manga series written by Tsuneo Takano and illustrated by Takeshi Obata. It is loosely based on the Blue Dragon video game and ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine from December 4 2006 to July 9 2007. The 29 chapters were then collected into four tankōbon volumes which were published by Shueisha from April 4 to November 2 2007. The story revolves around the journey of a young man named Ral from the kingdom of Sphaelite.
 The Rose of Versailles (ベルサイユのばら Berusaiyu no Bara) also known as Lady Oscar or La Rose de Versailles is one of the best-known titles in shōjo manga and a media franchise created by Riyoko Ikeda. It has been adapted into several Takarazuka Revue musicals as well an anime television series produced by Tokyo Movie Shinsha and broadcast by the anime television network Animax and Nippon Television.
 13 Rue de l'Amour is a French farce by Georges Feydeau.
 Times Record News is a daily newspaper established in 1907 in Wichita Falls Texas owned by the newspaper group E.W. Scripps Company.From 1976 until 1997 the Times Record News was part of Harte-Hanks chain when Scripps acquired the paper.The Times Record News also publishes the Sheppard Senator the local newspaper serving the military stationed in Wichita Falls at Sheppard Air Force Base named for the late U.S. Senator Morris Sheppard of Texarkana.
 Hygiene and the Assassin (French: Hygiène de l'assassin) is the first novel of the Belgian novelist Amélie Nothomb. It was published in 1992 by Albin Michel. The novel is written almost entirely in dialogue.
 Tercüman-ı Hakikat (English: Interpreter of Truth) was a daily newspaper published in Istanbul Ottoman Empire between 1878 and 1921.The first issue was published on June 26 1878
 The Journal of South American Earth Sciences is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It covers the earth sciences primarily on issues that are relevant to South America Central America the Caribbean Mexico and Antarctica. The journal was established in 1988 and the editor-in-chief is James Kellogg (University of South Carolina). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.533.
 The North Coast Journal (The Journal) is an alternative weekly newspaper serving Humboldt County California. The Journal is published in Eureka California and includes coverage of the arts news personages and politics of the region.Launched in 1990 as a monthly the paper switched to a weekly in 1998. Over the years the publication has been produced in both Eureka and Arcata.
 West India Lights is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Henry S. Whitehead. It was released in 1946 and was the second collection of the author's stories to be published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 3037 copies.Most of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Weird Tales Strange Tales and Amazing Stories.
 Extras is a young adult science fiction novel written by Scott Westerfeld. The novel was published and released by Simon & Schuster on October 2 2007 and is a companion book to the Uglies series. However Extras differs from its predecessors in that its protagonist is fifteen-year-old Aya Fuse not earlier protagonist Tally Youngblood. Despite the fact that Youngblood is not the main character she still appears in the book's later chapters in a major role.
 ?Beyond Thirty and The Man-Eater is a collection of two short novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs which were long among the rarest of his published works. Both were written in 1915; The Man-Eater a jungle adventure was first published as a serial in the New York Evening World newspaper from November 15–20 1915 while Beyond Thirty a science fiction story was first published in All Around Magazine in February 1916. Neither work appeared in book form in Burroughs' lifetime.
 The Weapon was a martial arts/superhero comic book published by Platinum Studios in 2007. It was written by Fred Van Lente and illustrated by Scott Koblish.
 20 Hrs. 40 Min.: Our Flight in the Friendship is a book written by pioneering aviator Amelia Earhart. It was first published in 1928 but has continued to be reprinted in periodic new editions nearly 80 years later.In this book Earhart writes about her experiences as a passenger in the Friendship which made her the first woman to cross the Atlantic Ocean by air in 1928 (she later accomplished the feat in a solo flight).
 The Dilbert Future (1997) is a book published by Scott Adams as a satire of humanity that breaks the net motivations of humanity down into stupidity selfishness and horniness and presents various ideas for profiting from human nature.
 Isabella Three Sailing Ships and a Con Man (Italian title: Isabella tre caravelle e un cacciaballe) is a 1963 two-act play by Italian playwright Dario Fo the recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature. Some people got angry: Fo received threatening letters was assaulted in Rome with Rame by Fascist groups who also threw rubbish at them while another performance was disrupted by a bomb scare. He recounted this event in the prologue of Johan Padan and the Discovery of the Americas.
 Saint Seiya - Saintia Shō (聖闘士星矢・セインティア翔 Seinto Seiya - Seintia Shō) is a manga series by Chimaki Kuori a spin-off of the classic Saint Seiya manga created written and illustrated by Masami Kurumada.Kuori is known by her work on the manga adaptation of the Gundam Wing anime and in the Kimi no Kaeru Bashō manga series. Saintia Shō has been scheduled to start serialization in september 2013 its prologue will be featured in that month's issue of Akita Shoten's Champion Red magazine.
 Archiv der Mathematik is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer established in 1948.The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.42 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.373.
 Dork Diaries is a humorous book series written and illustrated by Rachel Renee Russell. These books are the personal diary of 14-year old Nikki Maxwell. They feature drawings doodles and comic strips that chronicle the daily drama of her life in (and outside of) middle school.Rachel Renee Russell said that this series was inspired by her own middle school experiences as well as those of her two daughters Erin and Nikki.
 The Invisible Man is a science fiction novella by H. G. Wells published in 1897. Originally serialised in Pearson's Weekly in 1897 it was published as a novel the same year. The Invisible Man of the title is Griffin a scientist who has devoted himself to research into optics and invents a way to change a body's refractive index to that of air so that it absorbs and reflects no light and thus becomes invisible.
 Stars of David: Prominent Jews Talk About Being Jewish (2005) is a book by Abigail Pogrebin.The 400-page book was published by Random House.In the book 62 prominent American Jews discuss their feelings about being Jewish in a series of interviews.The author is former 60 Minutes producer and journalist Abigail Pogrebin.Among those interviewed are actress and producer Sarah Jessica Parker U.S.
 The Wizard of the Emerald City (Russian: Волшебник Изумрудного Города) is a 1939 children's novel by Russian writer Alexander Melentyevich Volkov. The book is a loose translation of L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Baum's name is sometimes credited in the book (in the appendix by Volkov which is found in some editions where Volkov describes the origins of his book). The names of most characters are changed some elements of Baum's novel are removed and some new elements are added.
 The Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice describes itself as an open access peer-reviewed public health journal. Critics say it is biased not peer reviewed and not a legitimate scientific journal. It is funded by the US Department of Justice.
 This article is about a football magazine published in France. You might be looking for the France national football team the French Football Federation or the French league the Championnats Nationaux.France Football is a French bi-weekly magazine containing football news from all over the world.
 A Rather English Marriage is a novel by Angela Lambert first published in 1992 and later adapted for television by Andrew Davies for the BBC.
 Red Carpet Diary (RCD) is an entertainment news feature covering the films red carpet events and celebrity scene at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF). The video audio and photo content is released daily through the duration of the festival on television radio online and mobile apps around the world.
 Stone's Fall is a 2009 historical-mystery novel by Iain Pears.
 Polar Shift is the sixth book in the NUMA Files series of books co-written by best-selling author Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos and was published in 2005. The main character of this series is Kurt Austin.In this novel geologic polar shift is connected with magnetic polar shift based on the supposed theories of Laszlo Kovacs a student of real life Nikola Tesla.
 Captive Witness is the 64th volume in the Nancy Drew Stories series. Nancy travels to Austria to solve a mystery. Its about stolen film and 10 refugee children trapped in Hungary. It was originally titled Captive Witness Mystery.
 Seminars in Cardiothoracic and Vascular Anesthesia is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of anesthesiology applied to cardiology. The editor-in-chief is Nathaen Weitzel (University of Colorado). It was established in 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Gas Heart or The Gas-Operated Heart (French: Le Cœur à gaz) is a French-language play by Romanian-born author Tristan Tzara. It was written as a series of non sequiturs and a parody of classical drama—it has three acts despite being short enough to qualify as a one-act play. A part-musical performance that features ballet numbers it is one of the most recognizable plays inspired by the anti-establishment trend known as Dadaism.
 L'Italiano is an Italian daily newspaper published in Argentina
 The Last Pin is a series of mystery stories by author Howard Wandrei. It was released in 1996 by F & B Mystery in an edition of 1600 copies of which 100 were specially bound and released in a slipcase with Wandrei's Saith the Lord. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Detective Fiction Weekly Private Detective Stories Detective Action Stories Spicy Detective Stories Romantic Detective and Black Mask under Wandrei's pseudonyms Robert A. Garron and H. W. Guernsey.
 This article is about the Swedish paper Folkets Dagblad Politiken. For the Danish paper Politiken see Politiken.Politiken later named Folkets Dagblad - Politiken was a Swedish Communist newspaper that existed from April 1916 to August 1940. Politiken was launched in 1916 first issue published on April 27 that year by the left-wing of the Swedish Social Democratic Party.
 Activate is an independent student news organisation at Rhodes University in Grahamstown South Africa. They produce a publication once a month and curate a news website.
 The Translator is Egyptian-born Sudanese and British educated writer Leila Aboulela's first novel published in 1999. The Translator is a story about a young Sudanese widow living in Scotland and her sprouting relationship with Islamic scholar Rae Isles.
 The Sentinel & Enterprise is a morning daily newspaper published in Fitchburg Massachusetts with a satellite news bureau in Leominster Massachusetts. The newspaper covers local news in Fitchburg Leominster and several nearby towns in northern Worcester County and northwest Middlesex County Massachusetts.
 The Ottawa XPress or rendered as (x)press on its cover was an alternative weekly newspaper in Ottawa Ontario. The paper was launched in April 1993 by Jim Creskey who also founded The Hill Times. Its original editor-in-chief was Derek Raymaker. In March 2001 the paper was sold to Voir's president and founder Pierre Paquet.
 Jack Wright was the hero of a popular series of Victorian science fiction dime novels and story papers written by Luis Senarens the so-called American Jules Verne. A few stories are also credited to Francis W. Doughty. Jack appeared in original stories from in 1891 to 1896 for a total of 121 stories.Senarens also popularized the Frank Reade dime novel series having taken the reins from Harry Enton (real name Harold Cohen).
 Tenjho Tenge (天上天下 Tenjō Tenge lit. Heaven and Earth) also written as Tenjo Tenge is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Oh! great. The story primarily focuses on the members of the Juken Club and their opposition the Executive Council which is the ruling student body of a high school that educates its students in the art of combat.
 Je voudrais pas crever (I wouldn't want to croak) is a collection of poetry by French author Boris Vian published posthumously in 1962.
 Chicagoland Golf is an independent regional golf newspaper serving the public golfers in Northern Illinois Southeast Wisconsin and Northeast Indiana since 1989 when it was founded by the journalist Phil Kosin]who died in 2009.Chicagoland Golf is published in the United States 7 times per year by Chicagoland Golf Media Inc. and covers recreational/amateur golf from Juniors High School College and Professional local golf.
 Narodnaya Gazeta (Russian: Народная газета People's Newspaper) is the official newspaper of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union one of the successor pretenders to the original Communist Party of the Soviet Union. The Narodnaya Gazeta newspaper was started in 1992 in Minsk Belarus.
 The Peninsula Daily News is a daily newspaper printed Sundays through Fridays covering the northern Olympic Peninsula in the state of Washington United States.The paper's main offices are in Port Angeles with news offices in Port Townsend and Sequim.
 The Years of Rice and Salt is an alternate history novel written by science fiction author Kim Stanley Robinson and published in 2002. The novel explores how subsequent world history may have been different if the Black Death plague had killed 99% of Europe's population instead of a third.
 The Journal of Mixed Methods Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Research Methods. The journal's editors are Dawn Freshwater (Leeds University) and Donna M. Mertens (Gallaudet University). It has been in publication since 2007 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica (神曲奏界ポリフォニカ) also known as simply Polyphonica is an all-age Japanese visual novel created by Ocelot and first released on the PC on April 28 2006. Aside from the game multiple series of light novels have been created and a manga adaptation started in March 2007. An anime adaptation started airing in Japan on April 3 2007.
 The Son (Norwegian: Sønnen 2014) is a crime novel by Norwegian novelist Jo Nesbø. It is the second stand-alone crime novel by Nesbø following Headhunters (2008).
 Drug Delivery is an academic journal that publishes research on all aspects of drug delivery – a core aspect of drug development.
 Kabumpo in Oz (1922) is the sixteenth Oz book and the second written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was the first Oz book fully credited to her. (Her first The Royal Book of Oz was credited to L. Frank Baum on the cover.) This is the last Oz book to enter in the public domain by means of automatic copyright expiration. There are however other later OZ Books in the public domain due to their copyrights not being renewed.
 For the Unknown Instructors album please refer to The Way Things Work (album)The Way Things Work is a book by Neil Ardley illustrated by David Macaulay. It is intended to serve as an entertaining introduction to everyday machines. It covers machines as simple as levers and gears and as complicated as radio telescopes and automatic transmissions.
 Galore by Michael Crummey is a novel published by Doubleday Canada in 2009 and Other Press in 2011 about the discovery of a modern-day Judah in a remote coastal town of Paradise Deep.
 A Great Wall: Six Presidents and China: An Investigative History (1999) is a history of international relations written by journalist Patrick Tyler. The book details high level relations between the United States and China from the Nixon administration to the Clinton Administration.
 The Secret River is a play by Andrew Bovell based upon the novel of the same name by Kate Grenville. Narrated by Dhirrumbin (played by Ursula Yovich) the drama is about a man who is exiled from London in the eighteenth century and is sent with his family to a penal colony in the Hawkesbury River New South Wales where he hopes to make a new start but its inhabitants the indigenous Dahrug people are not willing to give up their land.
 The Journal of Cardiovascular Nursing is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal of cardiac nursing.
 The Sign of the Beaver is a historical fiction children's novel by author Elizabeth George Speare which has won numerous literary awards. It was published in February 1983 and has become one of her most popular works.
 Destined is fourth and final young-adult faerie novel in the New York Times best-selling Wings series by Aprilynne Pike. It follows Pike's #1 New York Times best-selling debut Wings and the direct sequels Spells and Illusions.Destined was released in the United States on May 1 2012. It debuted at #115 on the USA Today Bestseller list.
 The prequel The Enemy is the eighth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It is narrated in the first person.
 A Brief History of Crime is the third book by conservative author and journalist Peter Hitchens. Originally published in 2003 it was reissued in 2004 under the new title The Abolition of Liberty. The book was described in 2012 by The American Conservative magazine as a must-read for anyone on either side of the Atlantic.
 The Planter's Northern Bride is an 1854 novel written by Caroline Lee Hentz in response to the publication of Uncle Tom's Cabin by Harriet Beecher Stowe in 1852.
 Chart Throb is a 2006 novel by Ben Elton. It was released in hardback on 6 November 2006 in the UK and 9 January 2007 in the US. It is a satire of The X Factor/Pop Idol-style reality TV programmes.
 Ulverton is the first novel by British author Adam Thorpe. The work recounts 300 years of history in the fictional village of Ulverton stylistically representing the literary eras of the day. The novel won the Winifred Holtby Memorial Prize in 1992.
 Dolores Claiborne is a 1992 psychological thriller novel by Stephen King. The novel is narrated by the title character. Atypically for a King novel it has no chapters double-spacing between paragraphs or other section breaks; thus the text is a single continuous narrative which reads like the transcription of a spoken monologue. It was the best selling novel of 1992 in the United States.The book is dedicated to King's mother: For my mother Ruth Pillsbury King.
 El Watan (Arabic:الوطن meaning the Homeland) is an independent French-language newspaper in Algeria. The paper was founded in 1990 after Omar Belhouchet and nineteen colleagues left the FLN government-owned newspaper El Moudjahid (English: The Holy Warrior).It aims to promote democracy and to give coverage to the Algerian opposition and has acted as an outspoken voice against censorship and corruption.
 The Comforters is the first novel by Scottish author Muriel Spark. She drew on experiences as a recent convert to Catholicism and having suffered hallucinations due to using Dexedrine an amphetamine then available over the counter for dieting. Although completed in late 1955 the book was not published until 1957. A mutual friend novelist Alan Barnsley had sent the proofs to Evelyn Waugh.
 The Kirkintilloch Herald is a weekly tabloid newspaper serving the Kirkintilloch area of East Dunbartonshire in Scotland. It is edited and printed in Kirkintilloch and is known locally as the Kirky Herald. It also prints Springburn and Bishopbriggs editions.
 Introduction to Algorithms is a book by Thomas H. Cormen Charles E. Leiserson Ronald L. Rivest and Clifford Stein. It is used as the textbook for algorithms courses at many universities. It is also one of the most commonly cited references for algorithms in published papers[citation needed] with over 6200 citations documented on CiteSeerX. The book sold half a million copies during its first 20 years.
 The Journal of Applied Crystallography is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Crystallography. It was established in 1968 and covers the application of crystallography and crystallographic techniques. The editor-in-chief is S. Samar Hasnain (University of Liverpool).
 The Georgetown International Environmental Law Review (GIELR) is a student-edited scholarly journal published at Georgetown University Law Center.The first volume of the Review was published in spring 1988. The journal publishes four issues annually.
 Smelly Old History is a series of illustrated books published by Oxford University Press. The books contain scratch and sniff panels to provide the reader with an aroma of different smells through the ages. The series was written by Mary J. Dobson and has sold over a million copies around the world.
 Locked in Time is a novel by Lois Duncan first published in 1985. This book is categorized as a suspense novel for young adults. The story centers around a seventeen-year old girl who attends a boarding school and whose mother recently died. The story is written solely from the protagonist's point-of-view and takes place in modern-day and primarily at her stepmother's Confederate-era plantation.
 Libero is a political youth magazine published in Finland. The magazine targets left-wing youth in the country.
 The Northumberland Gazette is a weekly newspaper published in Alnwick Northumberland England. It serves Alnwick Amble Seahouses Rothbury Wooler and outlying districts.The Gazette typically covers local news sport leisure and farming issues. It also prints opinion pieces reader letters and classified advertisements and contains a property and real estate pull-out section. Its publisher Northeast Press is a division of Johnston Press plc.
 The Salem News (formerly the Salem Evening News) is an American daily newspaper serving southern Essex County Massachusetts. Although the paper is named for the city of Salem its offices are now in nearby Beverly Massachusetts. The newspaper is published Monday through Saturday afternoons by Eagle-Tribune Publishing Company a subsidiary of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.In addition to its home cities the News covers most of southern Essex County northeast of Boston.
 Last Act in Palmyra is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Ishii Hisaichi's CNN (いしいひさいちのCNN Ishii Hisaichi no Shīen'en) is a yonkoma manga series by Hisaichi Ishii which ran from 1990 to 1995 in Japan. The CNN in the title stands for Comical News Network. The focus of the series was commentary on various international situations during the period it ran.
 OPEN is an Indian weekly English language magazine featuring current affairs. It was launched on 2 April 2009 in 12 Indian cities.The magazine was founded by Sandipan Deb former executive editor of Outlook and editor of Financial Express.S Prasannarajan is the editor of the magazine and R.
 The Nebbishes was a syndicated comic strip by Herb Gardner better known today as a playwright and screenwriter.Gardner's characters were white blob-like creatures who expressed their attitude toward existence in mottos and quotes on greeting cards and statuettes. In the comic strip they engaged in dialogue in balloons in the standard comic strip format. Gardner first began drawing these characters while he was a student at Antioch College.
 My Life at First Try is a 2008 semi-autobiographical flash fiction novel by Mark Budman that was published by Counterpoint Press.
 The Beach Dogs is a book by Colin Dann. It was published by Random House in 1988.
 Boba Fett: Maze of Deception is a 2003 children's science fiction book by Elizabeth Hand set in the Star Wars galaxy at the beginning of the Clone Wars. This 2003 sequel to Boba Fett: Hunted was published by Scholastic Press. The book takes place a month and a half after Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 22 years before Episode IV: A New Hope.In August 2008 the first three books in this series were repackaged as a Borders exclusive hardcover edition.
 Seldom Disappointed: A Memoir is the 2001 autobiography of author Tony Hillerman. The title reflects the attitude that he learned as a child living on a farm in Oklahoma; if one learns not to have unrealistic expectations one will often be pleasantly surprised and seldom disappointed.
 Mezi proudy (English: Between the Currents) is a Czech novel written by Alois Jirásek. It was first published in 1891. It is part of a trilogy with Proti všem (Against All the World 1894) and Bratrstavo (Brotherhood 1900–1909).
 Cheater is a story by Orson Scott Card set in his Ender's Game universe. It tells the story of how Hot Soup Han Tzu got into Battle School. It appears in Card's Webzine InterGalactic Medicine Show.
 Phadion Design Classics is a three volume set of reference books on industrial design since the 1600s. It lists 999 objects that the editorial team chose as design classics. Alan Fletcher was the art director for the project.
 Drowning on Dry Land is a 2004 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn his 66th to be produced. Exploring the culture of B-list celebrities it is a comedy about the rise and fall of Charlie Conrad a man apparently famous for being a failure.
 Tiassa is the thirteenth book in Steven Brust's Vlad Taltos series set in the fantasy world of Dragaera. It was published in 2011. Following the trend of the series it is named after one of the Great Houses and features that House as an important element to its plot.
 Nedvizhimost Belorussii is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Death in Cyprus (published in 1956) is an M. M. Kaye mystery novel. The story set on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus focuses on 21-year-old Amanda Derington who against her strict uncle Oswin's wishes decides to have a holiday on the beautiful island. However whilst on a boat to the island she witnesses the murder of one of the passengers.
 Demokratizatsiya: The Journal of Post-Soviet Democratization is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1992 covering the changes in the late Soviet Union and post-Soviet states since 1985. It was established by Fredo Arias-King. Demokratizatsiya (Russian: Демократизация) is the Russian for democratization.
 Kerrang! is a UK-based magazine devoted to rock music published by Bauer Media Group. It was first published on 6 June 1981 as a one-off supplement in the Sounds newspaper. Named after the onomatopoeic word that derives from the sound made when playing a power chord on a distorted electric guitar Kerrang! was initially devoted to the New Wave of British Heavy Metal and the rise of hard rock acts. In the early 2000s it became the best-selling British music newspaper.
 Biography Index is a bibliographic index that indexes biographical information contained in books and magazines. Its content can also be found in the bibliographic databases Biography Index: Past and Present and Biography Index Retrospective.
 The Spirit of Democratic Capitalism is a book written by philosopher Michael Novak and published by Simon and Schuster in 1982.
 House of Suns is a 2008 science fiction novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds. Reynolds announced the title on June 7 2007 when he was about halfway through writing it. It is set in the same universe as his novella Thousandth Night which appears in the anthology One Million A.D. although he has stated on his blog that House of Suns does not attempt slavish consistency with Thousandth Night (some characters killed in the novella make an appearance in House of Suns).
 Rock & Roll Jihad: A Muslim Rock Star’s Revolution is a book written by Salman Ahmad published on January 12 2010 by Simon & Schuster. It is a biography of the author regarding his time with his rock band Junoon and all the struggle he faced to become a rockstar in Pakistan.On March 14 2010 Junoon released the video of their first single Love Can You Take Me Back following the soundtrack album release of Rock & Roll Jihad based on the book on June 1 2010.
 Hawke's Bay Today is a daily broadsheet newspaper published in Hastings New Zealand and serving Hastings Napier and the Hawke's Bay region. It is owned by APN News & Media. The Hawke's Bay Today is New Zealand's youngest newspaper founded on 3 May 1999.
 The Chinese Language: Fact and Fantasy is a book written by John DeFrancis published in 1984 by University of Hawaii Press. The book describes some of the concepts underlying the Chinese language and writing system and gives the author's position on a number of ideas about the language.
 The Spiraling Worm is a science fiction and Lovecraftian horror novel written in the style of a spy thriller by authors David Conyers and John Sunseri and published in 2007. The novel went on to receive an Honourable Mention for Best Australian Horror Novel in the 12th Annual Aurealis Award (2007) and the Australian Shadows Award (2007). The last three stories received honorable mentions in the Year's Best Fantasy and Horror Volume 21.
 The Star Scroll is the second novel in the Dragon Prince trilogy written by fantasy author Melanie Rawn. The story begins fourteen years after the events in Dragon Prince.
 Vampire's Portrait (吸血鬼の肖像 Vampire no Shōzō) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hiroki Kusumoto. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga's first tankōbon volume through its imprint Juné on October 7 2008. The second volume is due to be released on December 2 2009. Oakla Publishing released the manga's two tankōbon volume between March 13 2007 and January 12 2008.
 Assemble Insert (アッセンブル・インサート Assenburu Insāto) is a 1985 manga series by Masami Yuki (best known for his manga and anime series Mobile Police Patlabor). The main character is a young would-be idol singer and high school student Maron Namikaze who has superhuman strength. She battles a mecha organization Demon Seed which has been terrorizing Tokyo. The manga was adapted into a 2 episode anime OVA in 1989.
 The Ghost Pirates is a novel by William Hope Hodgson first published in 1909. The economic style of writing has led horror writer Robert Weinberg to describe the Ghost Pirates as one of the finest examples of the tightly written novel ever published.In it Hodgson never describes the ghosts - if this is indeed what they are since their true nature is left ambiguous - in any remarkable detail he merely reports of their gradual commandeering of the ship.The Ghost Pirates . . .
 The Girl Who Leapt Through Space (宇宙をかける少女 Sora o Kakeru Shōjo lit. The Spacefaring Girl and also abbreviated as Sora Kake Girl) is a Japanese anime television series created and produced by Sunrise.
 Jax and the Hellhound is a limited series comic book by Dennis Morales Francis and published by Blackthorne Publishing.The series was about a young man who traveled around the world helping the U.S. Government fight the bad guys and helping a canine demon keep the really bad creatures from entering our dimension. The combination of 1980's futility of the war on drugs mirrored the fantasy aspects of the policing of inter-dimensional space.
 Allergy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of allergy and immunology that is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the European Academy of Allergology and Clinical Immunology. It is indexed in PubMed and publishes both original articles and reviews. The current editors-in-chief are Thomas Bieber and Hans-Uwe Simon.
 Kira☆Kira (キラ☆キラ) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Overdrive and first released playable on a Microsoft Windows PC on November 27 2007. An official English translation by MangaGamer was released in June 2009 only available via downloading on MangaGamer's website. A PlayStation 2 version published by PrincessSoft was released on February 26 2009. A version of the game with all adult content removed was ported to the iPhone and iPod touch by M-Trix Inc.
 Learning the World is a science fiction novel by Ken MacLeod published in 2005. It won the 2006 Prometheus Award was nominated for the Hugo Locus Clarke and Campbell Awards that same year and received a BSFA nomination in 2005. Since the book's publication MacLeod has written two short stories set in the same universe Lighting Out and Who's Afraid of Wolf 359?.
 The Delaware Gazette is an American daily newspaper published in Delaware Ohio. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.The newspaper is published on weekday and Saturday mornings and is the only daily newspaper in Delaware County Ohio.
 Pride's Crossing is a play by Tina Howe. It received the New York Drama Critics Circle Award for Best American Play and was a finalist for the 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play focuses on 90-year-old Mabel Tidings Bigelow who as a young woman was the first female to swim the English Channel from England to France. In her introduction to the play Howe wrote For some time now I've wanted to write about the passion of old ladies.
 Constellations: An International Journal of Critical and Democratic Theory is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of critical and democratic theory and successor of Praxis International. It is edited by Andrew Arato Amy Allen and Andreas Kalyvas. Seyla Benhabib is a co-founding former editor and Nancy Fraser a former co-editor.
 Railway Modeller is a monthly British magazine about Model Railways published by Peco. It has been in publication since 1949 and is still Britain's most popular model railway title.
 The Manticore is the second novel in Robertson Davies' Deptford Trilogy.Published in 1972 by Macmillan of Canada it deals with the aftermath of the mysterious death of Percy Boyd Boy Staunton retold during a series of conversations between Staunton's son and a Jungian psychoanalyst.The title refers to elements of the subconscious which unfold through the story and are eventually manifested as a fantastic mythical creature: a manticore.The Manticore won the Governor-General's Literary Award in the English language fiction category in 1972. 
 Bias: A CBS Insider Exposes How the Media Distort the News is a non-fiction book by Bernard Goldberg a 28-year veteran CBS news reporter and producer giving detailed examples of what he calls liberal bias in television news reporting. It was published in 2001 by Regnery Publishing and reached number 1 on The New York Times Best Seller list in the fiction category.
 The Black Lamb is a six-issue comic book limited series that takes place in a science fantasy setting. Published in late 1996 and early 1997 by DC Comics as part of their now defunct Helix imprint the series was written and drawn by Tim Truman. Set in an unnamed near future city that has a cyberpunk appearance and feel The Black Lamb stars a character named Diarmaid Donn a centuries old vampire who is originally from medieval Ireland.
 Computer Music is a monthly magazine published in the UK. It covers the topic of creating digital music on a computer. Each issue includes a DVD-ROM with samples plug-ins software demos tutorials and other content related to the issue.
 Between Two Seas is a children's novel by Marie-Louise Jensen published in 2008. It was shortlisted for the Waterstone's Children's Book Prize. It is about a young girl Marianne Shaw who sets out on a journey to Denmark in search of her father after her mother dies in England.
 Bel Canto is a 2001 novel by American author Ann Patchett published by Perennial an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers. It was awarded both the Orange Prize for Fiction and PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction. It was placed on several top book lists including Amazon's Best Books of the Year (2001).Based on the Lima Crisis this book is about a group of terrorists who hold high executives and people of high political standing hostage.
 Roads is a short novel by author Seabury Quinn. It was published by Arkham House in 1948 in an edition of 2137 copies.
 Math Curse is a children's picture book written by Jon Scieszka and illustrated by Lane Smith suitable for ages six through nine years. Published in 1995 through Viking Press the book tells the story of a student who is cursed by the way mathematics works in everyday life.
 The First Commandment is a 2007 spy thriller novel written by Brad Thor. It was Thor's sixth book preceded by Takedown and was followed by The Last Patriot. It features his fictional character Scot Harvath. It was first published by Pocket Books in the United States on July 2007 in hardback and paperback.
 Enemies and Allies is an accessory for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Montreal Standard later known as The Standard was a national weekly pictorial newspaper published in Montreal Quebec founded by Hugh Graham. It operated from 1905 to 1951.Begun in 1905 as a Saturday-only newspaper on the model of the Illustrated London News the format proved to be successful during World War I and World War II.
 War Is Hell was a horror/war comic book series from Marvel Comics in 1973–1975. For its first six issues it featured reprints of old war comics followed by two issues of reprints of Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos. Beginning in issue #9 the series featured new material; the star of the series became Death who forced a dishonorable Polish man named John Kowalski killed in the Invasion of Poland (1939) to die countless deaths from other lives.
 The Journal of Sport & Social Issues is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Sociology. The journal's editor is C. L. Cole (University of Illinois). It has been in publication since 1977 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Kokka (國華) (lit. 'Flower of the Nation') is a periodical of Oriental art first issued in October 1889. Kokka was established by Okakura Tenshin journalist Takahashi Kenzō (高橋健三) and a patron of the arts who sought to challenge the primacy of Western art in Meiji Japan. Kokka is published in Japanese with contents and some summaries in English. In the early twentieth century an English-language edition was also published.
 The magazine TNT-The Northeast Today was launched by Kirit Pradyot Deb Burman (also known as P.B.K.Manikya) in August 2007. In a short time the magazine has become the highest-selling magazine in the Northeast of India with an estimated circulation of 49000.[citation needed] The magazine is known for its all-round coverage and primarily covers politics sports cuisine lifestyle health environment science and travel.
 Képi Blanc is the official publication of the French Foreign Legion. The content of Képi Blanc relates to the French Foreign Legion providing to its readers news relating to the Foreign Legion its history and traditionsand the professional lives of the soldiers in its ranks.
 The Rescue A Romance of the Shallows (1920) is one of Joseph Conrad's works contained in The Lingard Trilogy a group of novels based on Conrad's experience as mate on the steamer Vidar. Although it was the last of the three novels to be published after Almayer's Folly (1895) and An Outcast of the Islands (1896) the events related in the novel precede those.
 The Disk is a 1975 short story written by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges. It appears in the collection The Book of Sand.
 Countdown: Arena is a four-issue American comic book mini-series published by DC Comics. Written by Keith Champagne with art by Scott McDaniel that ran for four weeks in December 2007.Spinning off of Countdown the series features Monarch (Nathaniel Adam) as he organizes battles among various characters from the 52 Earths of the Multiverse. He then adds those he deems worthy to his army in preparation for a battle against the Monitors.
 Pearl is a 1978 radio play by award-winning English playwright John Arden. Set in England in the 1640s the play concerns a young Irish political operative named Pearl who with playwright Tom Backhouse attempts to sway the political climate in favor of the British Parliament as part of a plan to achieve Irish sovereignty.
 The Dark Is Rising is a series of five contemporary fantasy novels for older children and young adults written by the English author Susan Cooper and published 1965 to 1977. The Dark is Rising the second novel in the series was published in 1973.The series is sometimes called The Dark is Rising Sequence which is the title of its UK omnibus edition (first 1984) and its US boxed set edition (first 1986).
 Caravan to Lhasa is a travel book and an account of the lives of expatriate Nepalese merchants in Lhasa from the 1920s to the 1960s. Written by Kamal Ratna Tuladhar the book describes the caravan journey from Kathmandu across the Himalaya and the life and times of the Newar traders in Tibet through the experiences of his merchant father Karuna Ratna Tuladhar (1920-2008) and uncles.Karuna Ratna spent 17 years in Lhasa from 1935-1946 and 1949-1954.
 Nude & Natural: The Magazine of Naturist Living or simply N magazine is a quarterly 100+ page naturist magazine published by The Naturist Society in Oshkosh Wisconsin and distributed throughout the United States and internationally. According to its web site N offers readers a deftly balanced blend of timely news and features incisive commentary and reviews and perceptive site reports from naturist venues near and far. That and more.
 Physics Letters was a scientific journal published from 1962 to 1966 when it split in two series now published by Elsevier:Physics Letters A: condensed matter physics theoretical physics nonlinear science statistical physics mathematical and computational physics general and cross-disciplinary physics (including foundations) atomic molecular and cluster physics plasma and fluid physics optical physics biological physics and nanoscience.Physics Letters B: nuclear physics theoretical nuclear physics experimental high-energy physics theoretical high-energy physics and astrophysics.↑ ↑ ↑
 Notícias do Dia is a Brazilian newspaper published in tabloid format which circulates in the state of Santa Catarina.It publishes different editions for the cities of Florianópolis Tijucas Joinville Palhoça and Biguaçu.
 The Direkte Aktion[p] (German for Direct Action) is a German bimonthly newspaper by the anarcho-syndicalist Free Workers' Union. It has existed since the union's formation in 1977.In line with anarcho-syndicalist principles the editors are elected by the national convention of the Free Workers' Union and can be recalled at any time. They do not receive any royalties for their work.
 The Circuit was an African-American newspaper published in Catlett Virginia from 1937 until 1954.
 Mockingjay is a 2010 science fiction novel by American author Suzanne Collins. It is the last installment of The Hunger Games following 2008's The Hunger Games and 2009's Catching Fire. The book continues the story of Katniss Everdeen who agrees to unify the districts of Panem in a rebellion against the tyrannical Capitol.The hardcover and audiobook editions of Mockingjay were published by Scholastic on August 24 2010 six days after the ebook edition went on sale.
 Identity (French: L'Identité) is a novel by Franco-Czech writer Milan Kundera published in 1998. It is possibly his most traditional novel in terms of narrative structure. It's also one of his shortest novels.The phrase masturbating fetus appears to have been coined in this novel.
 Algemeen Handelsblad was an influential Amsterdam-based liberal daily newspaper founded in 1828 by J.W. van den Biesen. At the peak of its influence—from the time of the Boer War when it championed the Boer cause in South Africa through World War I -- it was edited by Charles Boissevain.It merged in 1970 with the Rotterdam-based liberal daily newspaper Nieuwe Rotterdamsche Courant into the NRC Handelsblad.
 Experimental Cell Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering cell biology. It was established in 1950 and is published by Academic Press.
 Crimson Fang Blue Sonnet (紅い牙 ブルーソネット Akai Kiba Burū Sonetto) is a 19-volume manga series by Masahiro Shibata which ran in Hana to Yume magazine from 1981 to 1987 as part of the Akai Kiba series of stories. A five episode anime OVA series was adapted from the manga by Mushi Productions and released in 1989. The OAV series was licensed and released on VHS and LaserDisc in North America by Central Park Media in 1990.
 Oscar and the Lady in Pink (French: Oscar et la dame rose) is a novel of Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt the third chapter of the series « Cycle de l'invisible » published in 2002.
 Atari ST User was a British computer magazine aimed at users of the Atari ST range. It started life as a pull-out section in Atari User magazine. From April 1987 onwards it became a magazine in its own right outliving its parent by a number of years.It was published by Europress.Although ST User did review games and carry demos far more of the magazine was concerned with 'serious' issues such as hardware programming and music than its rivals ST Action and ST Format.
 The Collegiate Times is an independent student-run newspaper serving Virginia Tech since 1903. The Educational Media Company at Virginia Tech (EMCVT) a non-profit student media consortium owns the publication. Based in Blacksburg Virginia the Collegiate Times publishes local news sports features and opinions for 9000 print readers every Tuesday through Friday of the academic year and prints weekly summer editions.
 For a Living: The Poetry of Work is a literary anthology of American labor poetry written during the 1980s and 1990s.The book identifies within American literature of the current Information Age or service economy a new work poetry about the nature and culture of nonindustrial work: white collar pink collar domestic clerical technical managerial or professional.
 Rajasthan Patrika (Hindi: राजस्थान पत्रिका) is a Hindi-language daily newspaper published from Jaipur Jodhpur Bikaner Udaipur Kota and other cities of Rajasthan and from major Indian cities such as Bhopal Indore Jabalpur Raipur Ahmedabad Gwalior Kolkata Chennai New Delhi and Bangalore.
 The Root Cellar is a children's historical novel by Janet Lunn that is set in the 1980s although much of the action takes place in the 1860s. It follows Rose Larkin an orphan who travels temporally back and forth between Ontario Canada of the 1980s and various settings of U.S. Civil War in the 1860s. This time travel is done through the root cellar of the title.
 Our Dumb Century: The Onion Presents 100 Years of Headlines from America's Finest News Source is a satirical humor book written by the staff of The Onion and published by Three Rivers Press in 1999. The chief editor of the book was Scott Dikkers with specific sections edited by Robert D. Siegel Maria Schneider and John Krewson.
 A Rose Beyond the Thames is a partly fictional collection of memoirs written by the English author Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United Kingdom in 1978 by The Bodley Head.
 The Snowman (Norwegian: Snømannen 2007) is a novel by Norwegian crime-writer Jo Nesbø. It is the seventh entry in his Harry Hole series.
 Junk Jet is a non-commercial publication platform a collaborative format set up to discuss speculative works on topics of art architecture and electronic media. It is published by independent igmade.edition edited and designed by Mona Mahall and Asli Serbest (m-a-u-s-e-r).
 The Portrait of Lozana: The Lusty Andalusian Woman (original title in Spanish: Retrato de la Loçana andaluza) is a book written in Venice by the Spanish editor of the Renaissance Francisco Delicado in 1528 after he escaped from Rome due to the anti-Spanish sentiment that uprose after the sack of Rome a year earlier. Published anonymously the book contains a description of the life in Rome's underworld during the first third of the 16th century.
 Nursing Management is a monthly nursing journal which publishes original research and clinical articles relevant to the practice of nursing management. It is published by RCN Publishing.
 O The Oprah Magazine sometimes simply abbreviated to O is a monthly magazine founded by Oprah Winfrey and Hearst Corporation primarily marketed at women.
 Deka Wanko (デカワンコ Deka Wanko) is a manga by Kozueko Morimoto. It is being serialized in Japan by Shueisha in the magazine You and as of January 2012 has been collected in 10 tankōbon volumes. The series follows the adventures of Ichiko Hanamori a young woman who while always dressing in lolita fashion is also a homicide detective for the Tokyo Metropolitan Police. While inexperienced and often bumbling she solves crimes using her sense of smell which surpasses that of the best police dog.
 Journal of Special Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editors are Bob Algozzine (University of North Carolina at Charlotte) and Fred Spooner (University of North Carolina at Charlotte). It has been in publication since 1966 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Hammil Institute on Disabilities.
 The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a short story written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and first published in Colliers Magazine on May 27 1922. It was subsequently anthologized in his book Tales of the Jazz Age which is occasionally published as The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and Other Jazz Age Stories. Development rights to the story were held for years by the late Hollywood mogul Ray Stark.
 The Adventure of the Singular Sandwich is a detective short story by author Basil Copper. It first appeared in Copper's collection The Uncollected Cases of Solar Pons in 1980 but Copper disapproved of the way that it was edited. Copper's preferred text was published as a chapbook in 1995 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1000 copies of which 950 were distributed to the guests at Bouchercon where Copper was a guest of honor. The chapbook also includes an interview with Copper by R.
 Winner-Take-All Politics: How Washington Made the Rich Richer—and Turned Its Back on the Middle Class is a book by political scientists Jacob S. Hacker and Paul Pierson.
 The Proofreaders' Page and Other Uncollected Items was an attempt to collect as many uncollected works by Fredric Brown as possible.
 The Eve of St Mark is a 1942 play by Maxwell Anderson set during World War II. It later became a 1944 film by 20th Century Fox that featured some of the same actors who repeated their roles in the film. The title is derived from the legend of St Mark's Eve and the title of an uncompleted 1819 poem by John Keats.
 Revista del Museo Argentino de Ciencias Naturales is a peer-reviewed natural sciences journal published by the Museo Argentino de Ciencias Naturales (Argentine Museum of Natural Sciences).
 Tuvalu is a 2006 novel by Australian author Andrew O'Connor. It won The Australian/Vogel Literary Award for unpublished manuscripts by writers under 35.
 Odes et Ballades published in 1828 is the most complete version of a collection of poems by Victor Hugo written and published between 1822 and 1828. It includes five books of odes and one book of ballads.They are among his very earliest works and reflect the Catholic royalist views of his early twenties. He would write seven different prefaces for it dated 1822 1823 1824 1826 1828 followed by one in 1853 at which time he was in self-imposed exile and a final one in 1880.
 Real Boys: Rescuing Our Sons from the Myths of Boyhood is a book that studies boyhood and boy culture that was published in 2009. The author William S. Pollack asserts that toxic conceptions of masculinity in boy culture leads to boys doing poorly in education and health and having higher involvement in violent crimes and suicide than girls. Pollack devoted more than 20 years to researching the material presented in the book.
 The Falkirk Herald is a weekly newspaper and daily news website published by Johnston Press. It provides reportage opinion and analysis of current affairs in the towns of Falkirk Grangemouth Larbert and Denny as well as the neighbouring villages of Polmont Redding and Bonnybridge. The paper's circulation area has a total population of 151600 the fifth largest urban area in Scotland.
 FENUXE is an Atlanta-based bi-weekly magazine written for the gay community that is published by TW Media Group. The magazine updates online daily and produces a print edition every other Thursday. The magazine debuted on April 22 2010 and serves as a gay culture entertainment and lifestyle magazine for the Southeastern United States.
 Obsessed is a 2005 thriller novel by Christian author Ted Dekker.
 Mirror Earth: The Search for Our Planet's Twin is a 2012 non-fiction book by Michael D. Lemonick. It discusses the work of exoplaneteers—defining the term as a group of scientists looking through various other solar systems to detect alternate planets that are suitable for possible life.Lemonick has served as a science journalist for Time as well as an author of multiple other books such as Echo of the Big Bang.
 Elephants Can Remember is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in November 1972 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. The UK edition retailed for £1.60 and the US edition at $6.95.It features her Belgian detective Hercule Poirot and the recurring character Ariadne Oliver.
 The Dark Arena is the first novel by Mario Puzo published in 1955.The book follows Walter Mosca an American World War II veteran who returns to Germany for his girlfriend Hella. The novel explores life in post-war Germany a place where the standard currency is not the German mark or even the US dollar but US-made cigarettes. The novel was not nearly as successful as his later works. The reviewers gave it modest acclaim and admitted that Puzo had solid talent.
 Super Sad True Love Story is the third novel by American writer Gary Shteyngart. The novel takes place in a near-future dystopian New York where life is dominated by media and retail.
 Half a Crown is a science fiction novel written by Jo Walton published by Tor Books in September 2008. The first Small Change novel Farthing was released in August 2006. The second novel in the trilogy Ha'penny was released in October 2007.
 New Writings in SF 3 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the third volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1965 followed by a paperback edition by Corgi the same year and an American paperback edition by Bantam Books in February 1967.
 Screwed: The Truth About Life as a Prison Officer is a non-fiction book written by former prison officer Ronnie Thompson (a pseudonym). The book was first published by Headline Review on 24 January 2008 in hardback.Screwed is Thompson's account of his time serving seven years in some of the UK's toughest jails. The action is set around HMP Romwell a fictional prison. Thompson created HMP Romwell to protect the identities of the establishments he worked in and the colleagues he worked with.
 Animal Farm is an allegorical and dystopian novel by George Orwell published in England on 17 August 1945. According to Orwell the book reflects events leading up to the Russian Revolution of 1917 and then on into the Stalin era in the Soviet Union. Orwell a democratic socialist was an outspoken critic of Joseph Stalin and especially after experiences with the NKVD and the Spanish Civil War he was actively opposed to the controversial ideology of Stalinism.
 Financial Markets and Portfolio Management (FMPM) is a journal publishing original research and survey articles in all areas of finance especially in—but not limited to—financial markets portfolio theory wealth management asset pricing risk management and regulation. Its principal objective is to serve as a bridge between innovative research and practical application.
 Only Begotten Daughter is a 1990 fantasy novel written by James Morrow setting the stage for his later Godhead Trilogy. The book shared the 1991 World Fantasy Award with Ellen Kushner's Thomas the Rhymer. It was also nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1990 and both the Locus and John W. Campbell Memorial Awards in 1991.
 Miscellanea Entomologica was a French entomological scientific journal. It was originally published by Eugène Barthe and established in 1892.
 Nada the Lily is an historical novel by English writer H. Rider Haggard published in 1892. It is said to be inspired by Haggard's time in South Africa (1875–1882).The novel tells the tale of the hero Umslopogaas the illegitimate son of the great Zulu king and general Chaka and his love for the most beautiful of Zulu women Nada the Lily. Nada the Lily is unusual for a Victorian novel in that its entire cast of characters is South African and black.
 The Journal of Polymer Science Part A: Polymer Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science. The journal is dedicated to studies in fundamental organic polymer chemistry and physical organic chemistry.
 Zartonk (Armenian: Զարթօնք Օրաթերթ) is a daily newspaper and the official organ of the Armenian Democratic Liberal Party in Lebanon (also known as Ramgavar Party).The paper was founded by Mihran Damadian and Parounag Tovmassian in Beirut on 26 September 1937 and is based in the Tekeyan Centre in Jemayze (a residential area of Beirut).
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: First Annual Collection (ISBN 0-312-94482-9) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1984. It is the 1st in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 Warring States is an original novel by Mags L Halliday set in the Faction Paradox universe. It has been described as 'another resounding success for the Faction Paradox line'
 Rivers of Babylon is a 1991 thriller novel by Peter Pišťanek.The plot focuses on the criminal underworld of Bratislava Slovakia around the time of the Velvet Revolution. The characters - a collection of pimps prostitutes and swindlers - are all seeking to make themselves a better life which in each of their worlds means to deceive use and destroy everyone around them. A villager Rácz is gradually caught up this world of greed money and desire for power.
 Lehigh Valley Exposed is an alternative weekly tabloid newspaper based in the Lehigh Valley in Pennsylvania. It is available free across the Lehigh Valley in bars restaurants and boxes on street corners.The newspaper was founded by its parent company and daily newspaper The Express-Times. Its headquarters are in Easton Pennsylvania. The paper has features on local bars concerts and restaurants.
 This is about the novel for Forrest House see Melbourne High SchoolThe Forest House is a fantasy novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Diana L. Paxson though the latter is uncredited by the publisher. It is a prequel to her best-selling Arthurian novel The Mists of Avalon.The plot of The Forest House is based on that of the opera Norma relocated from Gaul to Britain but sharing the basic plot outline of a love affair between a Druidic priestess and a Roman officer.
 Der Untergang der Titanic or in English The Sinking of the Titanic is an epic and allegorical poem by the German poet Hans Magnus Enzensberger first published by Suhrkamp Verlag in 1978.
 The Final Circle of Paradise (Russian: Хищные вещи века literally Predatory Things of the Century) is a science fiction novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky (also spelled Strugatski or Strugatskii) set in the first half of the 21st century. It was first published in the USSR in 1965 and the first English edition translated by Leonid Renen was published by DAW books in 1976.
 Shahrvand-e-Emrooz (Today’s Citizen in English) was a Persian-language weekly news magazine which was closed down in September 2011.
 Une page d'amour is the eighth novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola set among the petite bourgeoisie in Second Empire suburban Paris. It was first serialized between December 11 1877 and April 4 1878 in Le Bien public before being published in novel form by Charpentier in April 1878.The central character of the novel is Hélène Grandjean née Mouret (b. 1824) first introduced briefly in La fortune des Rougon.
 Appointment with Death is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 May 1938 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00.The book features the Belgian detective Hercule Poirot and reflects Christie's experiences travelling in the Middle East with her husband the archaeologist Sir Max Mallowan.
 Expansión is a Spanish economic daily newspaper published in Spain.
 Kinsmen of the Dragon is a fantasy novel by author Stanley Mullen. It was published in 1951 by Shasta Publishers in an edition of 3500 copies. The book had originally been announced by Mullen's own Gorgon Press.
 The Pirates of Malaysia (Italian: I pirati della Malesia) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari published in 1896. It features his most famous character Sandokan and is a sequel to The Tigers of Mompracem.Salgari used as a source the book A Visit to the Indian Archipelago in H.M. Ship Maeander: With Portions of the Private Journal of Sir James Brooke K.C.B. by Henry Keppel.
 Triplanetary is a science fiction novel and space opera by E. E. Smith. It was first serialized in the magazine Amazing Stories in 1934. After the original four novels of the Lensman series were published Smith expanded and reworked Triplanetary into the first of two prequels (the second prequel was a new original novel First Lensman).
 Eiken (エイケン) is a heavily fanservice-themed manga and anime series created by Seiji Matsuyama. The story depicts the life of schoolboy Densuke Mifune after he is forced into the mysterious Eiken Club which is populated only by females several of whom have ridiculously enormous breasts.The manga series ran for eighteen volumes and additionally included a series guidebook.
 American Medical News was an American magazine. Covering business policy public health and legal issues that impact medical practices. American Medical News offered 24 print issues each year and 52 online editions with fresh news added each weekday. American Medical News was published by the American Medical Association and was intended to serve as an impartial and credible forum for information affecting physicians and their practices.The magazine closed in 2013.
 Shout out Loud! (Japanese: 叫んでやるぜ! Hepburn: Sakende Yaruze!) is a yaoi manga series created by Satosumi Takaguchi. It was originally serialized in the shōjo magazine Monthly Asuka.The story revolves around Shino Hisae a thirty-five-year-old yaoi anime voice actor who despite his age still looks like a teenager. Due to his looks he is often subject to advances from his fellow co-workers Tenryu-san and Mizusawa-kun.
 Methland: The Death and Life of an American Small Town is a book by Nick Reding which documents the drug culture of Oelwein Iowa and how it ties into larger issues of rural flight and small town economic decline placed in the historic context of the drug trade particularly the manufacture and consumption of methamphetamine.
 The book An Essay on the Principle of Population was first published in 1798 under the alias Joseph Johnson. but the author was soon identified as Thomas Robert Malthus. While it was not the first book on population it has been acknowledged as the most influential work of its era.
 The Dark Heart of Time: a Tarzan novel is a 1999 work by Philip José Farmer authorized by Edgar Rice Burroughs Inc. The book was first announced under the title Tarzan's Greatest Secret in 1997.Set in October 1918—during Tarzan's search for Jane—the novel takes place between Tarzan the Untamed and Tarzan the Terrible.The novel's antagonist is James D. Stonecraft an American oil magnate who believes that Tarzan knows the secret of immortality.
 Le Progrès is a regional daily newspaper which is based in Lyon Rhône. It reports primarily on local news in the Rhône-Alpes region.The printing factory is in Chassieu in the agglomeration of Lyon.The former headquarters was located in the Rue de la République in the building currently occupied by Fnac. René Diaz worked there as a journalist and illustratof for thirty years.
 Charcuterie: The Craft of Salting Smoking and Curing is a 2005 book by Michael Ruhlman and Brian Polcyn about using the process of charcuterie to cure various meats including bacon pastrami and sausage. The book received extremely positive reviews from numerous food critics and newspapers causing national attention to be brought to the method of charcuterie. Because of the high amount of interest copies of the book sold out for a period of a few months at Amazon and Barnes & Noble.
 LaLa DX is a Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Hakusensha. It was first published on July 9 1983 as a supplement magazine to LaLa in which it later became the sister magazine to LaLa another of Hakusensha's shōjo manga magazines. The magazine was originally published as a quarterly but now is released bi-monthly on the tenth of odd-numbered months.
 Born With Style is a digital Lifestyle magazine. It was first published in 2013 in the United States. Also known as BWS its content as of 2013 included articles on style relationships health careers self-improvement celebrities fashion and beauty. Published by PMI-NEWS.
 Conservative Victory: Defeating Obama’s Radical Agenda is a 2010 book by conservative political commentator and media personality Sean Hannity. Conservative Victory was published by HarperCollins with an initial printing of 1.5 million books which were released on March 30 2010. It was Hannity's first publication in six years. It was principally edited by David Limbaugh. It became Hannity's third New York Times Bestseller reaching number one on the paperback nonfiction list.
 The Beekeeper's Apprentice Or On the Segregation of the Queen is the first book in the Mary Russell series by Laurie R. King. It was nominated for the Agatha best novel award and was deemed a Notable Young Adult book by the American Library Association.In this novel King presents the first meeting between fifteen-year-old Mary Russell the young Jewish-American protagonist of King's series by that name and Sherlock Holmes.
 Red Star Winter Orbit is a short story written by William Gibson and Bruce Sterling in the 1980s. It was first published in Omni in July 1983 and later collected in Burning Chrome a 1986 anthology of Gibson's early short fiction and in Sterling's 1986 cyberpunk anthology Mirrorshades. The story is set in an alternate future where the Soviet Union controls most of the Earth's resources especially oil.
 A Gathering of Old Men is a novel by Ernest J. Gaines published in 1983.Set on a 1970s Louisiana cane farm the novel addresses racial discrimination and a bond that cannot be usurped.
 Ballard Street is a comic panel created by Jerry Van Amerongen and distributed by Creators Syndicate that has run since 1991.
 Sleep No More is the most recent incarnation of an immersive site-specific interactive work of theatre created by British theatre company Punchdrunk based on Punchdrunk's original 2003 London production their 2009 collaboration with Boston's American Repertory Theatre and William Shakespeare's Macbeth. The company reinvented Sleep No More in a co-production with Emursive and began performances on March 7 2011.
 Aries: Journal for the Study of Western Esotericism is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the historical study of western esotericism. It is published by Brill Academic Publishers on behalf of the European Society for the Study of Western Esotericism. From 2001-2010 the editor-in-chief was Wouter J. Hanegraaff. Since 2010 the editor-in-chief is Peter J. Forshaw.
 The Loveday Scandals is the fourth book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
 A Mercy is Toni Morrison's 9th novel. It was published in 2008. A Mercy reveals what lies beneath the surface of slavery in early America. It is both the story of mothers and daughters and the story of a primitive America. It made the New York Times Book Review list of 10 Best Books of 2008 as chosen by the paper's editors. In Fall 2010 it was chosen for One Book One Chicago program.
 An Autobiography is the title of the recollections of crime writer Agatha Christie published posthumously by Collins in the UK and by Dodd Mead & Company in the US in November 1977 almost two years after the writer's death in January 1976. The UK edition retailed at £7.95 and the US edition at $15.00. It is by some considerable margin the longest of her works the UK first edition running to 544 pages. It was translated and published in Greek Italian Polish Portuguese and Spanish.
 Richard Carvel is a historical novel by the American novelist Winston Churchill. It was first published in 1899 and was exceptionally successful selling around two million copies and making the author a rich man. The novel takes the form of the memoirs of an eighteenth-century gentleman the Richard Carvel of the title and runs to eight volumes. It is set partly in Maryland and partly in London England during the American revolutionary era.
 Hellsing (ヘルシング Herushingu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kouta Hirano. It first premiered in Young King Ours in 1997 and ended in September 2008. The individual chapters are collected and published in tankōbon volumes by Shōnen Gahosha. As of March 2009 all chapters have been released in 10 volumes in Japan.
 Journal of Intelligent Material Systems and Structures is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Materials Science. The journal's editors are Daniel J. Inman University of Michigan and N. M. Wereley University of Maryland. It has been in publication since 1990 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 SNReview is a seasonal online literary magazine founded in 1999. It has published the poetry and prose of Stephen Gyllenhaal Adrian Louis and Steve Poleskie among others. In the past three years page views have risen almost sixfold with the average issue receiving more than 20000 page views.[citation needed]It publishes prose works of less than 7000 words with traditional emphasis of good writing: strong characters good plot and theme imagery style of writing and point of view.
 Elusive Isabel is a novel by Jacques Futrelle first published in 1909. Set in Washington D.C. it is a spy novel about an international conspiracy of the Latin countries against the English-speaking world with the aim to take over world control.
 The Prince of Venice Beach is a teenage novel by Blake Nelson.
 The Stag is a fortnightly student newspaper published by the University of Surrey Students' Union.
 Baltimore is a regional monthly magazine published in Baltimore Maryland by Rosebud Entertainment L.L.C. a company owned by Steve Geppi. It is the oldest continuously published city magazine in the continental U.S. and was first printed in 1907 by the Baltimore Chamber of Commerce. In 1977 Philip Merrill's Capital-Gazette Communications purchased Baltimore from the Chamber; Merrill sold the magazine to a group of investors in 1992. Steve Geppi acquired Baltimore in 1994.
 Hitman: Enemy Within is the first novel in the Hitman series. It was written by William C. Dietz and released on August 28 2007 from Del Rey Books. The novel's plot is set between Hitman 2: Silent Assassin Hitman: Contracts and Hitman: Blood Money and revolves around a rival murder-for-hire organization known as Puissance Treize (French for Power Thirteen) attempting to destroy Agent 47's employer the International Contract Agency (ICA).
 The Spanish Cape Mystery is a novel that was written in by Ellery Queen as the ninth book of the Ellery Queen mysteries. The same month of 1935 hardcover publication by Frederick A. Stokes it was also published as a complete book-length novel in the April 1935 issue of Redbook.
 Las armas secretas (translates to The Secret Weapons in English) is a book of 5 short stories written by Julio Cortázar. Four of the stories appear in translation in the volume Blow-up and Other Stories (alternatively titled The End of the Game and Other Stories); one story Cartas de Mamá has never been translated into English.
 Mrs. Todd's Shortcut is a story by Stephen King first published in the May 1984 issue of Redbook magazine and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 Aline et Valcour; ou Le Roman philosophique is an epistolary novel by the Marquis de Sade. It contrasts a brutal African kingdom with a South Pacific island paradise known as Tamoé and led by the philosopher-king Zamé. Sade wrote the book while incarcerated in the Bastille in the 1780s. Published in 1795 it was the first of Sade's books published under his true name.
 Plaza Magazine International is an international publication focusing on design interior decoration and fashion with a hip Scandinavian perspective. Plaza Magazine is published 6 times per year by Plaza Publishing Group AB and is sold is over 40 countries world wide. Plaza Magazine was founded in Sweden 1994.The 200+ page magazine contains articles on fashion design and interiors geared for the rich and glamorous.
 Acceptable Risk is a 1995 novel by American author Robin Cook.A scientist (Edward Armstrong) discovers a mold in a spooky old house he lives in with his girlfriend. In order to test his theory that the discovery could help people feel calm in extreme situations the scientist injects himself and his fellow scientists with the mold.
 Fram (Norwegian for Forward) is a 2008 play by Tony Harrison. It uses the story of the Norwegian explorer Fridtjof Nansen's attempt to reach the North Pole and his subsequent campaign to relieve famine in the Soviet Union to explore the role of art in a world beset by seemingly greater issues.
 Philosophy in Review (PIR) formerly Canadian Philosophical Reviews (CPR) is an English language online open access journal specializing in the review of books about philosophy. PIR is published six times a year and covers all areas of and approaches to philosophy. Begun as a publication of Academic Printing and Publishing (APP) in 1981 by its first editor and publisher Roger Shiner CPR changed its name to PIR in 1997.
 The Rajah; or Wyncot's Ward is a play by William Young which debuted at the Madison Square Theatre in New York on June 5 1883.The play is a romantic comedy where a hapless man becomes the guardian of his uncle's adopted daughter and eventually wins her love. Produced by Daniel Frohman at the Madison Square Theatre it was panned by critics but had a successful run of 256 nights before also being successful on the road.
 The Gift (Russian: Дар Dar; ISBN 0-679-72725-6) is Vladimir Nabokov's final Russian novel and is considered to be his farewell to the world he was leaving behind.
 Lyon Capitale is a French monthly magazine created in 1994 talks about Lyon and its region Rhône-Alpes.
 Journal of the West is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history and culture of the American West. Each issue of the journal is highlighted by a series of articles on a theme central to the history and life of the region. The journal is published by ABC-CLIO and since 2004 the managing editor is Steven L. Danver.
 Marry Me is a short story collection by British author Dan Rhodes published in 2013 by Canongate Books. It is a sequel to his earlier collection Anthropology: And a Hundred Other Stories moving the girlfriend relationships of the earlier book into the realm of marriage. It carries the strapline Essential reading for anyone who ir has ever been or might one day be married.
 Monthly Ikki (月刊IKKI Gekkan Ikki) is a monthly seinen manga magazine published by Shogakukan. It tends to specialize in underground or alternative manga but has had its share of major hits as well. Notably both Bokurano and Ride Back have received anime adaptations. In 2009 Viz Media launched an online English version of Ikki named Sigikki. The website serializes various titles from Ikki online and then when a title proves to be popular it receives publication in graphic novel form.
 The Mars Project (German: Das Marsprojekt) is a nonfiction science book by German (later German-American) rocket physicist astronautics engineer and space architect Wernher von Braun. It was translated from the original German by Henry J. White and first published in English by the University of Illinois Press in 1953.The Mars Project is a technical specification for a manned expedition to Mars.
 Food & Wine is a monthly magazine published by Time Inc. It was founded in 1978 by Ariane and Michael Batterberry. It features recipes cooking tips travel information restaurant reviews chefs wine pairings and seasonal/holiday content and has been credited by The New York Times with introducing the dining public to Perrier the purple Peruvian potato and Patagonian toothfish.The premier event for the magazine is the Food & Wine Classic in Aspen Colorado.
 August is a novel written by Judith Rossner focused on a psychoanalyst and one of her analysands.
 The Anarchists is a book by the historian James Joll.
 Achieving Our Country: Leftist Thought in Twentieth-Century America is a book by American philosopher Richard Rorty. In this book Rorty differentiates between what he sees as the two sides of the Left a critical Left and a progressive Left. He criticizes the critical Left which isexemplified by post-structuralists such as Michel Foucault and post-modernists such as Jean-François Lyotard.
 A History of Banking in all the Leading Nations first published in 1896 by The Journal of Commerce is a four-volume history of banking in North America Europe China and Japan. At the time of publication it was described as the largest and most expensive treatise on banking yet published. Thirteen authors contributed to the work all of whom were considered eminent as bankers financiers and political economists.
 This Present Darkness is a Christian novel by Frank E. Peretti. Published in 1986 by Crossway Books This Present Darkness was Peretti's first published novel for adults and shows contemporary views on angels demons prayer and spiritual warfare as demons and angels interact and struggle for control of the citizens of the small town of Ashton.
 The Ladies' Repository was a monthly periodical based in Cincinnati and produced by members of the Methodist Episcopal Church. From 1841 to 1876 the magazine devoted itself to literature arts and doctrines of Methodism containing articles poetry fictions engravings and notes of interest to its readers.
 Tome of Battle: The Book of Nine Swords is a rules supplement for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game published by Wizards of the Coast in 2006.
 The Audience (play) redirects here. For the 1930 play sometimes known under that title see The Public (play).The Audience is a 2013 play by the British playwright and screenwriter Peter Morgan. It is centred on the weekly audiences given by Queen Elizabeth II to prime ministers from her accession in 1952 to the present day.
 Jewish Sports Review (JSR) is a bi-monthly magazine that was established in 1997. Its editors are Ephraim Moxson and Shel Wallman.The magazine identifies which star and professional athletes are Jewish.
 Studies in Canadian Literature/Études en littérature canadienne (SCL/ÉLC) is a bilingual journal of peer reviewed literary criticism published out of the University of New Brunswick.Between the years of 1996 and 2003 John Clement Ball worked as editor of SCL/ÉLC; in September 2003 he was joined by Jennifer Andrews and until mid-2012 the two collaborated as co-editors of the journal.
 Pittsburgh Magazine is a lifestyle magazine covering the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. It has a monthly readership of 341274. It produces the annual 40 Under 40 list of prominent young Pittsburghers in addition to the annual list of Pittsburgh's 25 Best Restaurants Best of the 'Burgh Top Doctors Top Dentists and annual City Guide.
 Biomechanics and Modeling in Mechanobiology is a scientific journal that focuses on basic and applied research that integrates knowledge in the allied fields of biomedical engineering biomechanics and mechanobiology. Approaches may be experimental theoretical or computational; they may address phenomena at the nano micro or macro levels.
 Sins of the Father is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It's tagline was The past revisits both the slayer and the watcher.
 Chakraval Daily is a Khmer language newspaper published in Cambodia with its headquarters in Phnom Penh.
 The Catholic Historical Review is the official organ of the American Catholic Historical Association. It was founded at The Catholic University of America in 1915 and is published by The Catholic University of America Press. The journal publishes articles and book reviews received in all areas of ecclesiastical history.
 The Looprevil Press sometimes abbreviated as LP is the official student newspaper produced by and for students at Liverpool John Moores University. The press is both a student society and part of the Liverpool Students' Union media which also provides funding. It is currently the only student newspaper in circulation in Liverpool.
 Snow White Blood Red is the first book in a series of collections of re-told fairy tales edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling.
 Sofia Petrovna is a novella by Russian author Lydia Chukovskaya written in the late 1930s in the Soviet Union. It is notable as one of the few surviving accounts of the Great Purge actually written during the purge era.
 Like a Mighty Army is the seventh book in the Safehold science fiction novel series by David Weber and published by Tor Books on February 18th 2014. The title comes from the third stanza of the hymn Onward Christian Soldiers.
 More Guns Less Crime is a book by John Lott that says violent crime rates go down when states pass shall issue concealed carry laws. He presents the results of his statistical analysis of crime data for every county in the United States during 29 years from 1977 to 2005. The book examines city county and state level data from the entire United States and measures the impact of 11 different types of gun control laws on crime rates.
 Hollow Earth is the debut novel from sibling writing pair John Barrowman and Carole Barrowman which was published in the United Kingdom on 2 February 2012 by Buster Books.
 The Standard-Examiner is a daily morning newspaper published in Ogden Utah. With 63000 subscribers it is the third largest daily newspaper in terms of circulation in the State of Utah after the Salt Lake Tribune and The Deseret Morning News.[citation needed] It was acquired by the Sandusky Newspaper chain (Sandusky Newspapers Inc.) of Sandusky Ohio on March 23 1993.
 It is a 1986 horror novel by American author Stephen King. The story follows the exploits of seven children as they are terrorized by an eponymous being which exploits the fears and phobias of its victims in order to disguise itself while hunting its prey. It primarily appears in the form of a clown in order to attract its preferred prey of young children. The novel is told through narratives alternating between two time periods and is largely told in the third-person omniscient mode.
 Adding a Dimension is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It was the third of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1964.
 The Disaster Artist: My Life Inside the Room is a non-fiction book written by Greg Sestero and Tom Bissell. Greg Sestero reveals the troubled development and filming of The Room while detailing his own struggles as a starving young actor and his relationship with the mysterious Tommy Wiseau. The book focuses on the difficulties and odd experiences he had behind the scenes and his unlikely friendship with Tommy.
 Capitalism and Freedom is a book by Milton Friedman originally published in 1962 by the University of Chicago Press which discusses the role of economic capitalism in liberal society. It sold over 400000 copies in the first eighteen years and more than half a million since 1962. It has been translated into eighteen languages. Friedman argues for economic freedom as a precondition for political freedom.
 The Tenants of Moonbloom is a novel by the Jewish American writer Edward Lewis Wallant (1926–1962). Wallant died of an aneurysm aged 36 with only two books published - The Human Season and The Pawnbroker. The Tenants of Moonbloom was published posthumously.
 The Reporter is the local newspaper based out of Lansdale Pennsylvania owned by Journal Register Company. It primarily serves the communities in the North Penn and Souderton Area School Districts including Lansdale Borough Montgomery Township Hatfield Township Hatfield Borough North Wales Borough Towamencin Township Skippack Township Souderton Borough Telford Borough and other municipalities in northwest suburban Montgomery County in southeast Pennsylvania.
 OffBeat is a monthly music magazine in New Orleans Louisiana first published in 1988. It mainly focuses on the music scene of New Orleans and Louisiana the region's culture and its cuisine.
 Canadian Foreign Policy is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Norman Paterson School of International Affairs (Carleton University). It covers contemporary issues related to Canadian foreign policy such as trade economics politics security defense development environment immigration and intelligence.
 A Sea So Far (2001) is a historical young-adult novel by Jean Thesman. Its sequel is Rising Tide (2003).
 Dungeoneer's Survival Guide is a supplement to the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The book was written by Douglas Niles and published by TSR Inc. in 1986 (ISBN 0880382724).
 Journal of Multicultural Counseling and Development is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the American Counseling Association on behalf of the Association for Multicultural Counseling and Development. The journal was established in 1972 as the Journal of Non-White Concerns in Personnel and Guidance.The current editor-in-chief is Caroline Clauss-Ehlers (Rutgers University).
 The Professor of Practical Jokes is a literary fairy tale published in 1898 by British suffragist and author Evelyn Sharp (1829-1955). The story tells of a good yet boring king who is tricked into marrying one of his courtiers daughters who brings excitement into his dull kingdom. The story is one of many published in Sharp's collection All The Way To Fairyland: Fairy Stories.
 Bradbury Stories: 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales (2003) is a collection of short stories by Ray Bradbury. Bradbury wrote an introduction to the collection where he speaks about some of the inspirations influences and among other things the comedy duo Laurel and Hardy. The collection repeats no stories from The Stories of Ray Bradbury.
 The Nottingham Post (formerly the Nottingham Evening Post) is an English tabloid newspaper which serves Nottingham Nottinghamshire and parts of Derbyshire Leicestershire and Lincolnshire.The Post is published between Monday and Saturday each week and costs 50p (Saturdays edition 60p). It was formerly Campaigning Newspaper of the Year. From time-to-time the newspaper includes special features which focus on a particular aspect of life in Nottingham.
 The Daily Monitor is Uganda’s leading independent daily newspaper. The Monitor name is shared by the Saturday Monitor and Sunday Monitor which are also published by Monitor Publications Limited. It has an online readership of over 1000000.[citation needed] The newspaper was established in 1994 as The Monitor and relaunched as the Daily Monitor in June 2005. The paper asserts that its private ownership guarantees the independence of its editors and journalists.
 The Quinnipiac Barnacle is a parody newspaper at Quinnipiac University in Hamden Connecticut. The newspaper publishes daily online while school is in session and monthly in print.
 The Flamingo's Smile: Reflections in Natural History published in 1985 is the fourth volume of collected essays from evolutionary biologist and well-known science writer Stephen Jay Gould; the essays were culled from his monthly column The View of Life in Natural History magazine to which Gould contributed for more than two decades.
 The Story of Egmo is a popular ebook and audiobook by Ben Cormack originally available in late 2006. In early 2007 the London Library Development Agency promoted the book which was made available for free download as part of its first literacy campaign targeted at children and young adults. The book received over 25000 downloads within the first year.
 Summer Knight is a 2002 contemporary fantasy novel by author Jim Butcher. It is the fourth novel in The Dresden Files which follows the character of Harry Dresden present-day Chicago's only professional wizard.
 Fight Ippatsu! Jūden-chan!! (ファイト一発!充電ちゃん!! Faito ippatsu! Jūden-chan!! lit. Fight One Shot! Charger Girls!) is a manga series by Bow Ditama which is also adapted into an anime television series of the same name that began airing on the AT-X network in Japan from June 25 2009. It features anthropomorphized characters representing aspects of charging electrical equipment. This series contains some explicit fanservice including omorashi which was broadcast uncensored.
 Flock of Angels (天使の群れ Tenshi no Mure) is a shōjo manga by Shoko Hamada and published by Asahi Sonorama. It was licensed and published into English for North America by Aurora Publishing in November 2007 under the Aurora imprint.A pop band called Angelaid creates a fashion amongst their fans to wear angel wings. This permits sufferers of angelosis a stigmatised disease which causes angel wings to sprout from people's backs to hide their affliction.
 This Month in Taiwan founded by E. Kirk Henderson and first published in 1974 is the most widely distributed tourism magazine in Taiwan with an annual estimated circulation of 200000 copies. The publishers authorizes advertisers or their agents to physically count and verify the quantity of magazines published at its printing plant at any time.
 Murder in Beverly Hills: The Mob-Style Execution of Susan Berman Her Crime Boss Father and the Deadly Secret She Took to Her Grave is a non-fiction fact-based crime book by author and journalist Cathy Scott about the unsolved 2000 murder. It was released in 2013. The book is a re-issue and an update of the first edition Murder of a Mafia Daughter published in 2002 by Barricade Books.
 If There Is I Haven't Found It Yet is the first full length professionally produced play by the British playwright Nick Payne. It was produced at the Bush Theatre in London in 2009 receiving very positive reviews and earned Payne a nomination for the Evening Standard Award for Most Promising Playwright in 2010 and he won the George Devine Award.
 Signals of Belief in Early England: Anglo-Saxon Paganism Revisited is an academic anthology edited by the British archaeologists Martin Carver Alex Sanmark and Sarah Semple which was first published by Oxbow Books in 2010. Containing nine separate papers produced by various scholars working in the fields of Anglo-Saxon archaeology and Anglo-Saxon history the book presents a number of new perspectives on Anglo-Saxon paganism and to a lesser extent early Anglo-Saxon Christianity.
 The Scarlet Empire is a dystopian novel written by David MacLean Parry a political satire first published in 1906. The book was one item in the major wave of utopian and dystopian literature that characterized the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
 The Spirit of the Laws (French: De l'esprit des lois originally spelt De l'esprit des loix; also sometimes called The Spirit of Laws) is a treatise on political theory first published anonymously by Charles de Secondat Baron de Montesquieu in 1748 with the help of Claudine Guérin de Tencin. Originally published anonymously partly because Montesquieu's works were subject to censorship its influence outside of France was aided by its rapid translation into other languages.
 The Wings of Merlin is a children's fantasy novel by T.A. Barron. It is the fifth book in the Lost Years of Merlin epic about the legendary wizard Merlin's youth. It was published by Philomel in 2000 and republished by Puffin Books in 2011 under the title A Wizard's Wings. Though the character Merlin is world famous as an ancient wizard this story of his lost youth is original to the author. In this series Merlin searches for his true identity while overcoming perilous odds.
 How the Grinch Stole Christmas! is a children's story by Theodor Dr. Seuss Geisel written in rhymed verse with illustrations by the author. It was published as a book by Random House in 1957 and at approximately the same time in an issue of Redbook. The book criticizes the commercialization of Christmas. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 A Thousand Acres is a 1991 novel by American author Jane Smiley. It won the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction the National Book Critics Circle Award for fiction in 1991 and was adapted to a 1997 film of the same name.The novel is a modernized retelling of Shakespeare's King Lear and is set on a thousand acre (four hundred hectares) farm in Iowa that is owned by a family of a father and his three daughters. It is told through the point of view of the oldest daughter Ginny.
 The Witch Tree Symbol is the thirty-third volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1955 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 China Policy Review (CPR) formerly known as China Economic Report is a monthly magazine of the Development Research Center of the State Council. It was originally designed as an internal economic report for the State Council to disperse ideas and opinion throughout government but since January 2006 it is circulated to the public. The current circulation of the periodical is roughly 100000 issues per month.
 Science and Christian Belief is an academic journal published twice yearly by Christians in Science and the Victoria Institute. The journal focuses on the traffic of ideas between science and religion with particular reference to Christianity.
 Sons of the Dark is a book series that was spun off from Lynne Ewing's best-selling Daughters of the Moon series.This series is about four very different young teenage boys living in Los Angeles. They are all immortal and all four have to try to fit in. Each boy also fights his dark side. They each have different powers and the Sons must complete their destinies and stop the people of Nefandus from invading the Earth's realm. Due to poor book sales the series has been discontinued.
 Twice is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger writing as Lisa Miscione. It is the third book featuring Lydia Strong.
 Batman and Robin is an American comic book ongoing series created by Grant Morrison and featuring Batman and Robin. The debut of the series followed the events of Batman R.I.P. Final Crisis and Battle for the Cowl in which the original Batman Bruce Wayne apparently died at the hands of DC Comics villain Darkseid and features the winner of the Battle for the Cowl as the new Batman.
 Alida's Song is the sequel to The Cookcamp by Gary Paulsen. The story is about the boy who receives a letter from his grandmother offering him a job as a farm hand on the farm where she cooks. It was published on June 8 1999 by Dell Publishing.
 BBC History Magazine is a British publication devoted to history articles on both British and world history and are aimed at all levels of knowledge and interest. The publication releases thirteen editions a year one per month and a Christmas special edition and is owned by BBC Worldwide but is published under license by the Immediate Media Company.
 Il Centro is an Italian local daily newspaper based in Pescara Italy.
 The Pranava-Vada of Gargyayana (pranava-vāda is the Sanskrit for uttering of Pranava (AUM)) is a book by Bhagavan Das published in three volumes in years 1910-1913 by the Theosophical Society Adyar with notes by Annie Besant. Das alleges that the work is a summarised translation of an otherwise unknown ancient text by a sage called Gargyayana.
 Rotana Magazine (in Arabic مجلة روتانا pronounced Majallat Rotana) is an pan-Arab arts and entertainment weekly magazine published in Arabic by Rotana Group owned by Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal. It is distributed across the entire MENA region.
 Crusader is the 1999 fantasy novel by Australian author Sara Douglass it was first published in Australia as the conclusion of The Wayfarer Redemption trilogy and then published in the United States and Europe as the finale of the Wayfarer Redemption sextet. It is preceded by Pilgrim.
 The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures: A Visual Who's Who of Prehistoric Life is an encyclopedia that was published in 1999 by Simon & Schuster.
 Day of the Cheetah is a 1989 technothriller novel written by former US Air Force officer Dale Brown. It is part of Brown's Patrick McLanahan series of novels. A number of key characters were killed in Day of the Cheetah only to reappear in later books as when DotC was first written Brown did not intend to write any further books in the series. Some parts of the plot were passively referenced in the 1991 novel Sky Masters which is set two years before most of the events in Cheetah.
 The Outlaw of Torn is a 1927 historical novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs originally published as a five-part serial in New Story Magazine from January to May 1914. It was first published in book form by A. C. McClurg in 1927. It was his second novel his first being the science fiction work A Princess of Mars. His third was Tarzan of the Apes. The Outlaw of Torn is one of only two historical novels Burroughs wrote.
 Penguin Lost is a novel by Andrey Kurkov. Originally published in 1997 in Russian (as Пикник на льду) it was translated and published in English in 2004. It is the sequel to the author's novel Death and the Penguin.
 Global Sources Magazines are a series of trade magazines designed for businesses importing from China and Asia. There are 19 specialized industry-specific titles published by the business-to-business media company Global Sources (NASDAQ-GS: GSOL). All except two titles are published monthly.Global Sources offers four core services to buyers to facilitate trade – online marketplaces print and digital magazines sourcing research reports and trade shows (China Sourcing Fairs).
 The Tennessean (known until 1972 as The Nashville Tennessean) is the principal daily newspaper in Nashville Tennessee USA. Its circulation area covers 39 counties in Middle Tennessee and eight counties in southern Kentucky.
 Xala is a 1973 novel by Ousmane Sembène. It is about El Hadji Abdou Kader Beye a businessman who is struck by impotence on the night of his wedding to his third wife. It was adapted into a movie also called Xala and directed by Sembene.
 The Soul of the Robot is the sixth science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley featuring the character Jasperodus from his 1956 story Fugitive. The book tells of Jasperodus the only robot with a soul as he attempts to prove that he is the equal of the humans around him.
 Black God's Shadow is a collection of fantasy short stories by C. L. Moore. It was first published in 1977 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2550 copies of which 150 were bound in buckram boxed and signed by the author and artist. The stories feature Moore's character Jirel of Joiry and originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales. The stories were previously collected in a different configuration under the title Jirel of Joiry (1969).
 Sonnan ja nē yo (そんなんじゃねえよ lit. It's not like that!) is a Japanese romantic comedy manga series written and illustrated by Kaneyoshi Izumi. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Betsucomi between 2003 and 2006. In May 2006 Sonnan ja nē yo reached a circulation of one million and two thousand copies with 6 volumes. Sonnan ja nē yo received the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga in 2006.
 Otherworld is a creator-owned mini series by writer/artist Phil Jimenez released in 2005 and published by DC Comics's Vertigo imprint. The book as described by Jimenez is The Real World meets Lord of the Rings meets Tron.
 Circus was a monthly American magazine devoted to rock music. It was published from 1966 to 2006. In its heyday the magazine had a full-time editorial staff that included some of the biggest names in rock journalism including Paul Nelson Judy Wieder David Fricke and Kurt Loder and rivaled Rolling Stone in sales and surpassed Creem.
 The Napa Sentinel (often referred to as the Napa Valley Sentinel) was a weekly newspaper published in Napa California. Harry V. Martin who served 12 years on the Napa city council was its editor and publisher for 25 years.
 Security: A New Framework for Analysis is a book by Barry Buzan Ole Wæver and Jaap de Wilde. It is considered to be the leading text outlining the views of the Copenhagen School of security studies. The work is based around two important conceptual developments: Buzan's notion of sectoral analysis and Ole Wæver's concept of 'securitization'.
 A Case of Exploding Mangoes (2008)is a comic novel by the Pakistani writer Mohammed Hanif based on the plane crash that killed General Muhammad Zia ul-Haq former president of Pakistan. The book has a dark satirical style.
 Letters to Judy: What Kids Wish They Could Tell You is a book published by Judy Blume in 1986. It is not a novel but a collection of letters from children with responses from Blume.Blume quotes correspondence she receives asking for advice written by readers of her children's books boys and girls who feel unable to confide in their parents. The letters come from youngsters 10 years old through the teens and tell about specific problems most of which Blume has addressed in her novels.
 Darkly Dreaming Dexter is a 2004 novel by Jeff Lindsay the first in his series about serial killer Dexter Morgan. It formed the basis of the Showtime television series Dexter and won the 2005 Dilys Award and the 2007 'Book to TV' award.
 Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World (世界の終りとハードボイルド・ワンダーランド Sekai no owari to Hādo-Boirudo Wandārando = Sekai no owari & Hard-Boiled Wonderland) is a 1985 novel by Japanese writer Haruki Murakami. The English translation by Alfred Birnbaum was released in 1991. A strange and dreamlike novel its chapters alternate between two bizarre narratives — Hard-Boiled Wonderland (a cyberpunk-like science-fiction part) and The End of the World (a virtual fantasy-like surreal part).
 Tel Quel (in English as is) was an avant-garde literary magazine founded in 1958 in Paris by Philippe Sollers and Jean-Edern Hallier and published by Éditions du Seuil. Important essays working towards post-structuralism and deconstruction appeared here.
 Anastasia At Your Service (1982) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry. It is the third part of a series of books Lois Lowry wrote about Anastasia and her younger brother Sam. The first edition was illustrated by Diane De Groat.
 Terrae Incognitae is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of cartography geography and exploration. It is published by the Society for the History of Discoveries.
 The Hazaras is book on the history of Hazara people and Afghanistan by the writer Hassan Poladi.
 Dragon Harper is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey and her son Todd McCaffrey in the Dragonriders of Pern series that she initiated in 1967. Published forty years later it was the twenty-first in the series.Dragon Harper may be considered the last of a trilogy by the McCaffreys following Dragon's Kin and Dragon's Fire. Primarily the three books feature Kindan as a boy and young man about 500 years after landing on Pern (500 AL).
 Qualitative Social Work is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Social Work. The journal's editors are Roy Ruckdeschel (Saint Louis University) and Ian Shaw (University of York). It has been in publication since 2002 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Men Like Gods is a novel (the author called it a scientific fantasy) published in 1923 by H. G. Wells. It features a utopia located in a parallel universe.
 Seventh Heaven is a poetry collection by Patti Smith published in 1972.
 Svenska Dagbladet (common abbreviation SvD; the title translates as the Swedish daily paper) is a daily newspaper in Sweden.
 The Journal of the American Society for Mass Spectrometry (usually abbreviated as J. Am. Soc. Mass Spectrom. often nicknamed JASMS) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1990 by Springer Science+Business Media since 2011; prior to then it was published by Elsevier. The monthly journal is the official publication of the American Society for Mass Spectrometry and publishes original research papers covering all aspects of mass spectrometry.Michael L.
 Enterprise and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal on business history published by Oxford University Press for the Business History Conference which holds its copyright.
 The Beast in the Jungle is a 1903 novella by Henry James first published as part of the collection The Better Sort. Almost universally considered one of James' finest short narratives this story treats appropriately universal themes: loneliness fate love and death. The parable of John Marcher and his peculiar destiny has spoken to many readers who have speculated on the worth and meaning of human life.
 Il Cromuele (/ɪlkrɔːˈmwɛlæ/; The Cromwell) is a tragedy in five acts first edition 1671 last reprint 1673. It was thought and written by Girolamo Graziani through the sixties of the 17th century in Modena during the troubled reign of Laura Martinozzi.
 The Graham Star is a weekly newspaper based in Robbinsville North Carolina covering Graham County North Carolina. Editor James Budd has received the North Carolina Press Association award for Serious columns in 2007 and Zelerie Rose received the award for Sports Columns in 2003.
 The King's General is a novel published in 1946 by English author and playwright Daphne du Maurier.
 A Bold Fresh Piece of Humanity: A Memoir is a memoir by American political commentator Bill O'Reilly published in 2008.It was published on September 23 2008. It recounts his early life and includes his accounts of people who influenced him. It opened at number 2 on the New York Times Best Seller List.So far the book has spent 52 weeks on NY Times' Best Sellers Hardcover Nonfiction list.
 Onward Muslim Soldiers: How Jihad Still Threatens America and the West published in October 2003 is a nonfiction book by Robert Spencer. Spencer described the book as an in-depth study of the doctrine of jihad and how it is exploited today by terrorists to justify what they’re doing and to recruit and motivate new terrorists.
 Voice or Noise (ボイス・オア・ノイズ Boisu oa Noizu) is a shōnen-ai manga series by Yamimaru Enjin author of the one-shot manga The Way To Heaven and illustrator of the novel Eat or Be Eaten. The story focuses on the relationship between a junior high school student Shinichiro and a college professor Narusawa both of whom have the ability to speak to animals.It is an ongoing series serialized in the magazine Chara and published in volume format by Tokuma Shoten.
 Mercure (Nothomb) is a Belgian novel by Amélie Nothomb. It was first published in 1998.
 AsianWeek was a widely circulated publication of Asian American news across all Asian ethnic groups providing coverage of Asian-American issues such as the killing of Vincent Chin Asian American college admissions and quotas on Chinese students in competitive San Francisco examination schools. Today AsianWeek continues online publishing national commentaries Bay Area news cartoons commentaries and cultural features.
 The Strange Journey of Mr. Daldry is Marc Levy's twelfth novel. It was published on April 21 2011 in France in both print and digital versions.
 Siguldas Elpa is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Spider's Web is a 1954 play by crime writer Agatha Christie.
 The Cathedral and the Bazaar: Musings on Linux and Open Source by an Accidental Revolutionary (abbreviated CatB) is an essay and later a book by Eric S. Raymond on software engineering methods based on his observations of the Linux kernel development process and his experiences managing an open source project fetchmail. It examines the struggle between top-down and bottom-up design.
 The International Classification of Primary Care (ICPC) is a classification method for primary care encounters. It allows for the classification of the patient’s reason for encounter (RFE) the problems/diagnosis managed primary or general health care interventions and the ordering of the data of the primary care session in an episode of care structure.
 Fair Margaret is a 1907 novel by H. Rider Haggard set in the time of Henry VII.
 La Ilustración Filipina was a Spanish language newspaper published in Manila Philippines that ran during the last decade of the Spanish colonial era and at times during the Philippine Revolution and the beginning of the 20th century under U.S. rule.It was an illustrated weekly newspaper that covered a wide array of social related topics both local and international.
 Lost and Found is a children's novel written by Andrew Clements first published in 2008. It is about two boys Ray and Jay Grayson who are identical twins and have always wondered what it is like to be a single person rather than one of the Grayson twins.
 It's a Good Life is a short story by Jerome Bixby written in 1953. In 1970 the Science Fiction Writers of America selected it for The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume One as one of the 20 best short stories in science fiction published prior to the Nebula Award. The story was first published in Star Science Fiction Stories No.2.
 The Last Enchantment is a 1979 fantasy novel by Mary Stewart. It is the third in a quintet of novels covering the Arthurian legend preceded by The Hollow Hills and succeeded by The Wicked Day.
 The Shorthorn is the campus newspaper for the University of Texas at Arlington. It is published online daily with a print digest on Wednesday during the fall and spring semesters. During the summer it is published on Wednesday.The Shorthorn has been in print since 1919. It is a fully functional student-run publication.
 The Butcher Boy is a 1992 novel by Patrick McCabe. Set in a small town in Ireland in the early 1960s it tells the story of Francis Francie Brady a schoolboy who retreats into a violent fantasy world as his troubled home life collapses.The Butcher Boy won the 1992 Irish Times Irish Literature Prize for Fiction and was shortlisted for the 1992 Booker Prize.
 Fires of Azeroth is a 1979 science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh. It is the third of four books composing The Morgaine Stories chronicling the quest that drives an obsessed Morgaine and her warrior companion Nhi Vanye i Chya ever onward. This book has no connection to the Warcraft-universe even though they share the Azeroth name.
 Classic created by Cecily von Ziegesar is the 10th and last book in the #1 bestselling It Girl series. It was released in June 2010. It follows the life of Jenny Humphrey.
 Synthese is a scholarly periodical edited by Johan van Benthem Vincent F. Hendricks Wiebe van der Hoek and Gila Sher specializing in papers in epistemology methodology and philosophy of science. Published articles include specific treatment of methodological issues in science such as induction probability causation statistics symbolic logic linguistics and ethics.
 Sāyā (Persian: سایا‎) is the type of poem or song that a Takam-Chi chants while playing a Takam. The words Sāyā Takam and Takam-Chi are Azari words.
 The Mariner is a Toulouse-based English-language newspaper aimed at the university's and city's English-friendly community which offers both investigative journalism and original creative content.
 Runemarks is a 2007 fantasy novel by Joanne Harris. The book was published on August 2 2007 by Doubleday Publishing and is set in a world where the Norse gods still survive as outlaws their powers diminished while a new and more powerful religion the Order tries to wipe out magic from the world.
 Pakistaniaat: A Journal of Pakistan Studies (Urdu: پاکستانیات) is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal established in 2009 which covers research on Pakistan studies. It is published triannually by the English Department of the University of North Texas and is also sponsored by the American Institute of Pakistan Studies. Pakistaniaat occasionally publishes special issues for example on the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971.
 Komanda is one of Ukraine’s most influential sport newspapers published daily in Kiev the nation's capital. It was founded in 1995 and as of September 2001 it is available on-line. It offers sport analysis original interviews and opinions. It is published in Russian. Its registration number KBN 2163 of 18.09.96. The subscription index is 33780. The newspaper is published five (5) times a week no Sunday or Monday editions.
 Desert Flower: The Extraordinary Journey of a Desert Nomad is an autobiographical book published in 1998 about the life of Somali model Waris Dirie.In 2009 the book was adapted into a movie of the same name. Produced by Peter Herrmann and Benjamin Herrmann the Ethiopian supermodel Liya Kebede plays Waris in the title role.
 In the 2001 book The Unfinished Twentieth Century author Jonathan Schell suggests that an essential feature of the twentieth century was the development of humankind's capacity for self-destruction with the rise in many forms of policies of extermination. Schell goes on to suggest that the world now faces a clear choice between the abolition of all nuclear weapons and full nuclearization as the necessary technology and materials diffuse around the globe.
 The Rushdie Affair: The Novel the Ayatollah and the West is a book written by historian Daniel Pipes published in 1990. It focuses on the Satanic Verses controversy. The afterword is written by orientalist Koenraad Elst.The first part of the book describes the two texts The Satanic Verses and Ayatollah Khomeini's edict and explains why Rushdie's book became a controversy .
 Flatlander is an English language science fiction short story written in 1967 by Larry Niven. It is the third in the series of Known Space stories featuring crashlander Beowulf Shaeffer. The short story was originally published in Worlds of If March 1967 and reprinted in Neutron Star Larry Niven New York: Ballantine 1968 pp. 129–171 (ISBN 0-345-29665-6) and Crashlander Larry Niven New York: Ballantine 1994 pp. 57–101 (ISBN 0-345-38168-8).
 The Wayne Independent is an American daily newspaper published Tuesdays through Saturdays in Honesdale Pennsylvania. It is owned by GateHouse Media.It is the only daily serving Wayne County Pennsylvania.
 The Visitor published in 1996 and written by K. A. Applegate is the second book in the Animorphs series. It is narrated by Rachel.
 Sunnmørsposten is a newspaper published by Polaris Media in Ålesund Norway. Published in compact format (tabloid) six days a week it consists of two sections; one for local news sports and classified ads and one for culture weather opinions and editorials and obituaries. On Saturdays they print a third weekend-section. Until May 2006 Sunnmørsposten was published in Broadsheet format.
 Treasury & Risk magazine is a U.S. based monthly business-to-business publication founded in 1991 that is written for CFOs Treasurers Controllers and others in the field. The publication provides updates on the trends best practices and tools that are defining the future of finance and treasury by profiling the leading treasuries and finance departments across the nation.
 True Blue: The Oxford Boat Race Mutiny is a non-fiction book written by Dan Topolski and Patrick Robinson and published in 1989. It tells the story of the 1987 Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race and the disagreement amongst the Oxford team known as the Oxford mutiny.
 The Drowned Man is an original theatre production by British theatre company Punchdrunk in collaboration with the Royal National Theatre.
 Natsume's Book of Friends (Japanese: 夏目友人帳 Hepburn: Natsume Yūjin-chō) is a Japanese fantasy manga series by Yuki Midorikawa. It began serialization by Hakusensha in the shōjo manga magazine LaLa DX in 2005 before switching to LaLa in 2008. Chapters have been collected in sixteen bound volumes as of July 2013. The series is about Natsume an orphaned teenage boy who can see spirits who inherits from his grandmother the notebook she used to bind spirits under her control.
 Motivation Agency and Public Policy is a non-fiction book written by the economist Julian Le Grand. The book which argues in favor of increasing tax choice was described by The Economist as accessible – and profound and by The Times as one of the most stimulating books on public policy in recent years.
 Avadhnama (Urdu: اودھنامه‎) is a popular Urdu language newspaper serving major cities in the region of Awadh in India including the cities of Lucknow Aligarh Faizabad and Azamgarh. The paper is available both in print and online.
 The Warden is the first novel in Anthony Trollope's series known as the Chronicles of Barsetshire published in 1855. It was his fourth novel.
 Literary Club (Bulgarian: Литературен клуб) is a Bulgarian literary e-magazine established in 1998. The magazine publishes literature news and criticism.
 The Wind Off the Small Isles is a novella by Mary Stewart first published in 1968. Unlike her other works it is brief at only 96 pages in hardcover. It was never published in the United States and is hard to find today.
 October is a peer-reviewed academic journal specializing in contemporary art criticism and theory published by MIT Press.
 Lost Face is a collection of seven short stories by Jack London. It takes its name from the first short story in the book about a European adventurer in the Yukon who outwits his (American) Indian captors' plans to torture him. The book includes London's best-known short story To Build a Fire.
 One Man's Chorus gathers various essays and pieces of journalism written by Anthony Burgess throughout the later years of his life. It was published posthumously in 1998. The book is edited and introduced by Ben Forkner.While several of the essays may be considered autobiographical others contain Burgess's thoughts on a wide variety of subjects including geography culture linguistics and novelists.
 The Sword of God is a 1996 fantasy novelette by Russell Blackford.
 When the Killing's Done is a 2011 novel by T. C. Boyle. The book is an environmental and family drama revolving around the Channel Islands of California—specifically Anacapa and Santa Cruz—and the controversy surrounding efforts by the National Park Service and its partners to eradicate invasive species and revitalize the islands' natural communities. The novel has substantial basis in historical occurrence.
 The Accidental Teacher Life Lessons from My Silent Son by Annie Lubliner Lehmann is an autism memoir. It was originally self-published in 2008 and then published in 2009 by The University of Michigan Press. It is a general overview of the author's life with her family including her eldest autistic son Jonah.The book has been reviewed by the Detroit News.
 The Village Voice is a free weekly tabloid-format newspaper and news and features website in New York City that features investigative articles analysis of current affairs and culture arts and music coverage and events listings for New York City.
 Champions of the Force is the third novel in the Jedi Academy Trilogy by Kevin J. Anderson.
 The Americans: The Democratic Experience is a 1973 book by American historian Daniel J. Boorstin. The book is the third in his American history trilogy in which he argues that the physical environment of the New World shaped American society. In 1974 the book was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for History as well as the Bancroft Prize and the Francis Parkman Prize.
 Fangirl is 2013 contemporary young adult novel written by Rainbow Rowell. Fangirl is notable for having been chosen as Tumblr's first book club selection. The cover illustration is by popular webcomic artist Noelle Stevenson creator of Nimona. Fangirl's publication follows Rowell's previous YA novel published earlier in 2013 Eleanor & Park.
 Iltalehti (literally Evening newspaper) is a daily tabloid newspaper and the third largest newspaper in Finland. Of tabloid newspapers Iltalehti has a market share of 40% and its biggest (and only) rival Ilta-Sanomat has a market share of 60%. The Internet version of Iltalehti is the most popular news website in Finland as of November 2008.[citation needed]Iltalehti was established in 1980 as afternoon edition of newspaper Uusi Suomi.[citation needed]
 Double Double is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Michael Jan Friedman.
 A comic strip appearing in the Army Times since 2000. Retired Army MSG Mark V. Baker began PVT Murphy’s Law for his friends in 1993. In 2000 Murphy was picked up by the Army Times and has since become a well known comic within the United States Military.
 Paradise Kiss (パラダイス・キス Paradaisu Kisu) abbreviated to ParaKiss is a manga series written and illustrated by Ai Yazawa. It appeared as a serial in the Japanese fashion magazine Zipper. Shodensha collected the chapters into five volumes.
 The Gown of Glory is a 1952 novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982). It is set in a fictional rural village of Ladykirk which is much like the author's birthplace of New Alexandria Pennsylvania about thirty miles east of Pittsburgh.
 Deep Economy: The Wealth of Communities and the Durable Future a non-fiction work by Bill McKibben an environmentalist who published in the field of ecological economics in 2007. The work promoted sustainable economy in close knit communities. These included regions that generated their own food their own energy their own culture and their own entertainment. McKibben was interviewed by Salon.com and was asked what deep economy was.
 Knuckles the Echidna is a 32-issue series of American comic books published by Archie Comics that ran from 1997 to 2000 featuring Knuckles the Echidna one of Sega's mascot video game characters from the Sonic the Hedgehog series.The series was a spin-off of Sonic the Hedgehog and shared continuity with that title.
 The Code Book: The Science of Secrecy from Ancient Egypt to Quantum Cryptography is a book by Simon Singh published in New York in 1999 by Doubleday; ISBN 0-385-49531-5.
 Naked Pueblo is an acclaimed short story collection written by Mark Jude Poirier and first published by Crown in 1998.
 Mutants is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Macmillan in 1970. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Analog Science Fiction and Fact Galaxy Science Fiction and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 Cradle is a 1988 science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke and Gentry Lee. The major premise of Cradle is contact between a few humans from the Miami area in 1994 and the super robots of a damaged space ship submerged off the Florida coast. Telecommunication advances such as videotelephones and highly efficient underwater scanning equipment used in the story bridge from the everyday real-life aspects of the setting toward the near future bespeaking technological progress.
 The Dark Design (1977) is a science fiction novel the third in the series of Riverworld books by Philip José Farmer. The title is derived from lines in Sir Richard Francis Burton's poem The Kasîdah of Hâjî Abdû El-Yezdî: And still the Weaver plies his loom whose warp and woof is wretched Man Weaving th' unpattern'd dark design so dark we doubt it owns a plan.
 Up in the Air is a 2001 novel by American author Walter Kirn. It was adapted into the 2009 feature film Up in the Air starring George Clooney.
 MB (also known as MikroBITTI and MikroBitti) is a Finnish computer magazine founded in May 1984 and published by Sanoma Magazines a division of the Sanoma Group. MikroBitti is aimed mainly for beginner to mid-level computer users. In the year 2003 MikroBitti had the largest circulation figures of computer magazines published in the Nordic countries.
 Hybrid Child (ハイブリッド チャイルド Haiburiddo Chairudo) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shungiku Nakamura; the creator of Junjou Romantica. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint June on August 16 2006. An OVA adaptation of the manga was announced as being in development in 2011.
 Ludmila's Broken English is the second novel by Booker Prize winner DBC Pierre. It was published in March 2006.
 Destination: Universe! is the second collection of science fiction short stories by A. E. van Vogt published in hardcover by Pellegrini & Cudahy in 1952 and repeatedly reprinted in paperback by three different publishers over the next 25 years. The first British edition appeared in 1953 followed by several paperback reprints. A French translation Destination Univers was issued in 1973 and reprinted six times over the next 25 years.
 Virology Journal is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal published by BioMed Central. It publishes research related to viruses and the prevention of viral infection (including vaccination the use of antiviral agents and gene therapy). The journal was established in 2004 with Robert Garry (Tulane University) as founding editor-in-chief and has been edited by Linfa Wang since 2012. It aims to cover rapid communications amongst virologists.
 This Other Eden is a satirical novel written by Ben Elton.
 Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – Out of the Darkness is a Babylon 5 novel by Peter David.
 The Journey is the 42nd book in the Animorphs series written by K. A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Emily Costello. It is narrated primarily by Rachel and secondarily by Marco.
 The Mum Minder is a children's novel written by Jacqueline Wilson. It was first published in 1993.
 Do Me a Favour was the second novel written by Susan Hill published in 1963.
 Irredeemable is an American comic book series written by Mark Waid and published by Boom! Studios. The series follows the fall of the world's greatest superhero the Plutonian as he begins slaughtering the population of Earth. His former allies the superhero group The Paradigm attempt to find a way to stop his rampage while dealing with their own problems of betrayal and hopelessness.
 Hoot is a 2002 young-adult novel by Carl Hiaasen. The story takes place in Florida where new arrival Roy makes a bad enemy and two oddball friends and joins an effort to stop construction of a pancake house which would destroy a colony of burrowing owls who live on the site. The book won a Newbery Honor award in 2003.
 Voices from the Gathering Storm: The Web of Ecological-Societal Crisis is a 2005 non-fiction book that was published by Word Association Publishers and edited by Joseph Arcos Mary Argus and Frederick DiCarlo.
 Other Tales of the Flying Fox also known as Young Flying Fox is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong. The novel was first serialised in Hong Kong in 1960 in the magazine Wuxia and History. The novel is a prequel to Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain and was written a year after its literary predecessor.
 Shattered is a 1973 novel by Dean Koontz; it was previously published for Random House under his pseudonym K.R. Dwyer. The Berkeley edition was published in February 1985 the second printing was in June 1985 and the third printing was in November 1985. For the 1985 printing the author's name is given as Dean R. Koontz.
 To Mock a Mockingbird and Other Logic Puzzles: Including an Amazing Adventure in Combinatory Logic (1985 ISBN 0-19-280142-2) is a book by the mathematician and logician Raymond Smullyan. It contains many nontrivial recreational puzzles of the sort for which Smullyan is well known.
 The Darfsteller is a 1955 novelette by Walter M. Miller Jr. which won the first Hugo Award for Best Novelette.It is the 21st century story of an old stage actor who has become a theater janitor in order to remain near show biz. The theater has been overtaken by robot actors made to look like humans which act out plays under the direction of each venue's central computer.
 Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin is a scientific journal published by SAGE Publications for the Society for Personality and Social Psychology (SPSP).
 The Aging Male is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of male health throughout the aging process. It is the official journal of the International Society for the Study of the Aging Male and is published by Informa. The journal is edited by Bruno Lunenfeld (Israel) and was established in 1998.
 Watch You Bleed: The Saga of Guns N' Roses is a rock biography written by Stephen Davis published by Gotham Press and released August 26 2008. It chronicles the story of US hard rock band Guns N Roses from their earliest days up to the year of publication. The book was received with mixed-to-negative receptions from readers and is well known to contain substantial factual errors.[citation needed]
 Refugee Boy is a teen novel written by Benjamin Zephaniah. It is a book about Alem Kelo a 14-year-old refugee from Ethiopia and Eritrea. It was first published by Bloomsbury on 28 August 2001. The novel was the recipient of the 2002 Portsmouth Book Award in the Longer Novel category.[citation needed]
 The Earth House is a novel by American author Jeanne DuPrau.
 Song of the Trees is a 1975 novella by author Mildred Taylor. It was the first of her highly acclaimed series of books about the Logan family. The novella follows the time Mr. Anderson tried to cut down the trees on the Logan family's land. Song of the Trees is itself the prequel to Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry. The story revolves around Cassie Logan who tries to save the trees on her Big Ma's land.
 Die Gartenlaube - Illustrirtes Familienblatt (later Die neue Gartenlaube after 1938) was the first successful mass-circulation German newspaper and a forerunner of all modern magazines. Its complete title translates into English as The Garden Arbor - Illustrated Family Journal but throughout its history it was known simply as Die Gartenlaube. It was founded by publisher Ernst Keil and editor Ferdinand Stolle in Leipzig Germany in 1853.
 The Strip is a free English comic-book magazine distributed across Brighton and Hove. It is published bi-monthly with the aim of issuing monthly editions early in 2007.It is funded by advertising mainly consisting of local shops and nightclubs. All contributing artists are paid for their work.The Strip is edited by comic-book author and graphic designer Steve Carroll.
 The Quillan Games is the seventh book in D.J. Machale's Pendragon book series. The book takes place after The Rivers of Zadaa and was released on May 16 2006 in Canada and the US. It was released on November 16 2006 in the United Kingdom Australia New Zealand and in other countries.
 Un soir au club is a novel by Christian Gailly published on 7 January 2001 by éditions de Minuit which won the Prix du Livre Inter prize the next year. The novel was adapted for the screen and became the 2009 film Un soir au club directed by Jean Achache.
 Too Many Cooks is the fifth Nero Wolfe detective novel by American mystery writer Rex Stout. The story was serialized in The American Magazine (March–August 1938) before its publication in book form in 1938 by Farrar & Rinehart Inc. The novel was collected in the omnibus volume Kings Full of Aces published in 1969 by the Viking Press.
 Spirit of the Border is an historical novel written by Zane Grey first published in 1906. The novel is based on events occurring in the Ohio River Valley in the late eighteenth century. It features the exploits of Lewis Wetzel a historical personage who had dedicated his life to the destruction of Native Americans and to the protection of nascent white settlements in that region.
 The Journal of Conservative Dentistry is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Federation of Operative Dentistry (India). The journal publishes articles on the subject of operative dentistry and endodontics aiming at restoration and replacement of teeth.The journal is indexed with EBSCO Publishing’s Electronic Databases and PubMed.
 Heavy Liquid is a five-issue limited series written by Paul Pope which has science fiction and cyberpunk elements.
 The Disappearing Dwarf (1983) is James Blaylock’s second published book and the second of the trilogy that started with The Elfin Ship. The characters are mostly drawn from the first book while the plot revolves around another encounter with the villain Selznak.
 The Silent Sea is the seventh novel of Clive Cussler's Oregon Files series. The hardcover edition was released March 9 2010. Other editions were released on other dates.
 The Last Day of Summer is a 1991 photography book by Jock Sturges. The book is Sturges' first and consists of 60 black-and-white images of both children and adults many of which show nudity. Many photos were taken at nude beaches in France including the image on the front cover which is of a girl named Marine who would later also appear on the cover of Sturges 2000 book Jock Sturges: New Work 1996-2000.
 Alūksnes Ziņas is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 The Fiery Angel (Russian: Огненный ангел Ognenny Angel) is a novel by Russian writer Valery Bryusov. It was first serialized in the Russian literary monthly Vesy in 1907-1908 and then published in a book form (in two volumes) in 1908. Set in the sixteenth century Germany it depicts a love-triangle between Renata a passionate young woman Ruprecht a knight and Madiel the fiery Angel.
 Wandering Stars (Yiddish: Blonzhende Stern or Blundzhende Shtern) is a novel by Sholem Aleichem serialized in Warsaw newspapers from 1909 to 1911. In it Leibel the son of a wealthy shtetl family falls in love with cantor's daughter Reizel and both fall for a traveling Yiddish theatre group.
 Black Mask was a pulp magazine launched in 1850 by journalist H. L. Mencken and drama critic George Jean Nathan. The magazine was one of a number of money-making publishing ventures to support the prestigious literary magazine The Smart Set which Mencken edited and which operated at a loss.
 The Courts of the Morning is a 1929 adventure novel by John Buchan featuring his character Sandy Arbuthnot. The prologue is narrated by Richard Hannay so the novel is sometimes included in Buchan's Hannay series. The action is set in Olifa a fictional country on the west coast of South America.
 Moreana is a quarterly academic journal dedicated to publishing contributions to the study of the life times and writings of Thomas More. It began publication in September 1963 as the journal of the Association Amici Thomae Mori founded in Brussels the previous year and was based at the Université Catholique de l'Ouest (Angers France). For the first twenty-five years the editor was Germain Marc'hadour. The current editor is Marie-Claire Phélippeau (Lycée Joffre Montpellier).
 Nature Reviews Neuroscience is a review journal covering neuroscience in particularBiochemical signalling in neuronsCellular and molecular neuroscienceNeural developmentSensory motor systems and behaviourRegulatory systemsHigher cognition and languageComputational neuroscienceSystems neuroscienceNeuroimagingBrain damage and neurodegenerative diseaseIndexed by ISI Nature Reviews Neuroscience received an impact factor of 31.673 as reported in the 2012 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters ranking it first out of 251 journals in the category Neurosciences.
 Into Battle is the fifth book in Garth Nix's The Seventh Tower series published in 2001 by Scholastic. In the book the Icecarls are preparing to attack the Chosen's Castle to protect the Veil which lies vulnerable as a mysterious force of evil begins to reveal itself. In this book the Icecarls are fed up with the Chosen and prepare to attack the Castle with War-Chief Milla Talon-Hand at the lead.
 Gravity Dreams is a 1999 science fiction novel by L. E. Modesitt Jr.
 'Home After Three Months Away' is a one of several confessional poems by Robert Lowell which appeared in his book Life Studies.
 The Cat Who Could Read Backwards is the first novel in Lilian Jackson Braun's The Cat Who... series published in 1966.
 Globalization and Its Discontents is a book published in 2002 by the 2001 Nobel laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz.The book draws on Stiglitz's personal experience as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under Bill Clinton from 1993 and chief economist at the World Bank from 1997. During this period Stiglitz became disillusioned with the IMF and other international institutions which he came to believe acted against the interests of impoverished developing countries.
 The New England Review (NER) is a quarterly literary magazine published by Middlebury College. Founded in New Hampshire in 1978 by poet novelist editor and professor Sydney Lea and poet Jay Parini it was published as New England Review & Bread Loaf Quarterly from 1982 (when it moved to Middlebury College) until 1991 as a formal division of the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference.
 Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine is an American monthly digest size fiction magazine specializing in crime fiction particularly detective fiction. Launched in Fall 1941 by Mercury Press EQMM is named after the author Ellery Queen who wrote novels and short stories about a fictional detective named Ellery Queen.
 Blood & Thunder: The Life & Art of Robert E. Howard is a biography of the writer Robert E. Howard by Mark Finn first published in a trade paperback edition in November 2006 by MonkeyBrain Books. A second expanded and corrected edition was published in hardcover by The Robert E. Howard Foundation Press in January 2012; a trade paperback followed from the same publisher in 2013. Both editions include an introduction by suspense writer Joe R.
 The Century for Young People is a non-fiction history book written by Peter Jennings and Todd Brewster. This book is an adapted version of The Century adapted by Jennifer Armstrong. The book contains over 200 pictures to depict the 100 years of history.
 The News & Advance is the daily newspaper of record in Lynchburg Virginia. Its circulation is approximately 35600 on weekdays 35000 on Saturdays and 41200 on Sundays.[1] Its primary circulation area consists of the city of Lynchburg and the surrounding counties of Amherst Appomattox Bedford and Campbell.The News & Advance is owned by Berkshire Hathaway. Terry Jamerson is the publisher. Caroline Glickman is the managing editor.
 Athabasca is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean first published in 1980. As with the novel Night Without End it depicts adventure sabotage and murder in the unforgiving Arctic environment. It is laid in the oilfields and oil sands fields of Alaska and Canada and includes a considerable amount of technical detail on the operations.
 The Great Depression of 1990 is a book by Ravi Batra in the field of economic history and future evolution originally published in 1985. The book's original title was Regular Cycles of Money Inflation Regluation and Depressions. MIT Economics Professor Lester Thurow wrote a favorable introduction for the book with its original title. Retitled the book entered the New York Times Best Seller list in early 1987 and reached #1 later that year.
 Brainwash: The Secret History of Mind Control (ISBN 0340831618) is a 2006 non-fiction book published by Hodder & Stoughton about the evolution of mind control from its origins in the Cold War through to today’s War on Terror. The author Dominic Streatfeild uses formerly classified documentation and interviews from the CIA U.S.
 The Journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care is a bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal and the official journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care published by Elsevier. The journal covers a broad spectrum of issues in HIV infection: education treatment prevention research clinical practice issues advocacy policy and program development.
 The Link is an independent student newspaper at Concordia University. It was founded in 1980 as a merger between The Georgian representing Sir George Williams University and The Loyola News representing Loyola College when the two schools merged to form Concordia University.
 Tatania is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith set in Russia. It is the eighth novel to feature Detective-Investigator Arkady Renko published 32 years after the initial novel of the Renko series Gorky Park.
 The Olney Daily Mail is an American daily newspaper published in Olney Illinois and covering Richland County. Current owner GateHouse Media purchased roughly 160 daily and weekly newspapers from Hollinger in 1997.
 The Adventures of Captain Hatteras (French: Voyages et aventures du capitaine Hatteras) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne in two parts: The English at the North Pole (French: Les Anglais au pôle nord) and The desert of ice (French: Le Désert de glace).The novel was published for the first time in 1864. The definitive version from 1866 was included into Voyages Extraordinaires series (The Extraordinary Voyages). Although it was the first book of the series it was labeled as number two.
 The Servants is a young adult contemporary fantasy novel by British author M. M. Smith. It tells the story of an eleven-year-old boy named Mark who against his wishes moves away from his home town of London to the wintry Brighton seaside and the resulting misadventures. It was nominated in 2008 for a World Fantasy Award in the Best Novel category.
 Thy Neighbour's Wife (1923) was the first novel by the Irish writer Liam O'Flaherty.
 Rod Serling's Triple W: Witches Warlocks and Werewolves is an anthology of fantasy and horror stories edited by Rod Serling and ghost edited by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Bantam Books in 1963. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Unknown New England Magazine Fantastic The Pioneer and Beyond Fantasy Fiction.
 Witch Doctor is a US comic book created by writer Brandon Seifert and artist Lukas Ketner. It was the first title published by Skybound Entertainment an imprint of Image Comics. As of early 2013 Witch Doctor consists of a four-issue mini-series an issue #0 printed as a flipbook with The Walking Dead #85 a one-shot subtitled Witch Doctor: The Resuscitation and a second six-issue mini-series entitled Witch Doctor: Mal Practice which debuted in November 2012.
 Right as Rain is a 2001 crime novel by George Pelecanos. It is set in Washington DC and focuses on private investigator Derek Strange and his new partner Terry Quinn. It is the first novel to involve the characters and is followed by Hell to Pay (2002) Soul Circus (2003) and Hard Revolution (2004).
 The Dolphins of Laurentum is a historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published on February 6 2003 by Orion Books. It is the fifth novel in the The Roman Mysteries series.
 The Jesus I Never Knew is a popular 1995 Christological book by the American Christian author Philip Yancey. It won the Gold Medallion Book Award and ECPA Christian Book of the Year 1996: it is a book that appeals to the wider Christian public for its personal approach to the figure of Jesus with a fresh and vivid portrayal extracted from a dynamic reading of the four canonical gospels.
 Last Shot: A Final Four Mystery is a young adult novel by John Feinstein. It tells the story of two young reporters Stevie Thomas and Susan Carol Anderson who stumble upon a plot to blackmail fictional Minnesota State basketball player Chip Graber into throwing the Final Four Stevie Thomas has a dream come true he wins a USBWA writing contest so he can to go to the 2006 final four. With his father Bill they fly to New Orleans to go report.
 The Cherokee Phoenix (ᏣᎳᎩ ᏧᎴᎯᏌᏅᎯ Tsalagi Tsulehisanvhi) was the first newspaper published by Native Americans in the United States and the first published in a Native American language. The first issue was published in English and Cherokee on February 21 1828 in New Echota capital of the Cherokee Nation (present-day Georgia). The paper continued until 1834. The Cherokee Phoenix was revived in the 20th century and today it publishes on the Web.
 Annals of Human Biology is an academic journal that publishes review articles on human population biology nature development and causes of human variation. It is published by Informa Healthcare.
 Statistical Methods in Medical Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Health Care and Medical Informatics. The journal's editor is Brian Everitt (King's College London). It has been in publication since 1992 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience is a collection of articles that discuss the Skeptics Society's scientific findings of investigations into popular pseudoscientific and supernatural claims. It has been called a 2-volume set with an attitude. The editor Michael Shermer director of the Skeptics Society pulled together articles originally published in Skeptic magazine with some conceptual overviews and historical documents to create this two-volume encyclopedia.
 Fatalism and Development: Nepal's Struggle for Modernization is the most notable book about the local socio-cultural issues of Nepalese people. It is written by the renowned and most controversial anthropologist of Nepal named as Dor Bahadur Bista.
 Salvage is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection The Folk of the Fringe. Card originally published this story in the February 1986 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction magazine. It was also reprinted in the anthology Wastelands: Stories of the Apocalypse.
 One Day All Children: The Unlikely Triumph of Teach For America and What I Learned Along the Way (ISBN 1586481797) is the first book by Wendy Kopp CEO and Founder of Teach For America. It was published by PublicAffairs in April 2003 thirteen years after the launch of Teach For America. A new edition with a new afterword by the author was issued in early 2011 to coincide with the organization’s 20th anniversary.
 PC Format is a computer magazine published in the United Kingdom by Future plc and licensed to other publishers in countries around the world. In publication since 1991 it is part of Future plc's Format series of magazines that include articles about games entertainment and how to get the most out of the platform. Despite the occasional mention of alternatives PC Format takes the term 'PC' to mean a Microsoft Windows-based computer.
 Tropic was The Miami Herald's Sunday magazine published as an insert in the Sunday edition from 1967 until 1998. Tropic won three Pulitzer Prizes and published many writers who went on to become well known. The magazine published humor columnist Dave Barry's Gene Weingarten Carl Hiaasen Paul Levine Madeleine Blais Joel Achenbach Bill Cosford Tom Shroder among others.The magazine created the Tropic Hunt now known as the Herald Hunt.
 The Garden Murder Case (first published in 1935) is the ninth in a series of mystery novels by S. S. Van Dine about fictional detective Philo Vance.
 Heat (HEAT-灼熱-) is a seinen manga written by Yoshiyuki Okamura and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. It was serialized in Big Comic Superior from 1999 to 2004. In 2002 it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
 The leopards who have run with me (Persian: یوزپلنگانی که با من دویده‌اند‎) is a Persian language short story collection written by Iranian writer Bijan Najdi. The book was published in Iran in 1997.
 The Ten Teacups (U.S. title: The Peacock Feather Murders) is a locked room mystery by American mystery writer John Dickson Carr writing as Carter Dickson. It features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale working with Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.In a poll of 17 mystery writers and reviewers this novel was voted as the tenth best locked room mystery of all time. The Hollow Man also by John Dickson Carr was voted the best.
 Cycle Active is a cycling magazine published 13 times a year by IPC Media. It is edited by Robert Garbutt.
 Walter Scott's novel The Black Dwarf was part of his Tales of My Landlord 1st series published along with Old Mortality on 2 December 1816 by William Blackwood Edinburgh and John Murray London. Originally the four volumes of the series were to tell separate stories but Old Mortality came to occupy three of them.
 Mathematicians in Love is a science fiction novel written by Rudy Rucker.
 Nerawareta Gakuen (ねらわれた学園) is a 1973 science fiction novel by Taku Mayumura. It has been adapted into four television dramas in 1977 1982 1987 and 1997. Two live-action films were produced in 1981 and 1997. A 2012 anime film directed by Ryosuke Nakamura was produced by Sunrise.
 Smuggler's Moon is the eighth historical mystery novel about Sir John Fielding by Bruce Alexander (a pseudonym for Bruce Cook).
 The Falls Church News-Press is a weekly merchandiser based in Falls Church Virginia. The periodical was founded in 1991 by Owner/Editor-in-Chief Nicholas F. Benton who has repeatedly referred to it in editorials as the City's paper-of-record. The periodical has its roots in his presentation to the local Chamber of Commerce where according to his interview with Equality Virginia he presented his plan to advertise the local companies' services.
 American Hero is a 1993 satirical conspiracy theory novel reissued as Wag the Dog: A Novel in 2004 written by Larry Beinhart. It speculated that Operation Desert Storm had been scripted and choreographed as a ploy to get George H.W. Bush reelected to a second term (taking their cues from Margaret Thatcher's similar war in the Falkland Islands) while at the same time analyzing exactly why that conflict had been so popular.
 Man Gone Down is the debut novel of U.S. author Michael Thomas. It won the 2009 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award with Thomas receiving a prize of €100000 (£85000 US$140000). Man Gone Down is also recommended by The New York Times.
 Ang Anak ng Dumalaga (specifically translated as The Offspring of the Pullet [young hen] The Child of the Pullet or The Daughter of the Pullet; although alternatively dumalaga may mean a female carabao or water buffalo at the age of puberty) is a Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed. Regalado. It was published in 1933 in Manila Philippines by the Limbagan Ilagan at Sanga during the American period in Philippine history (1898-1946).
 Bad Luck and Trouble is the eleventh book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published in 2007.The title is derived from the song lyrics by singer Albert King Born Under a Bad Sign.
 Mr g is a 2012 novel by Alan Lightman. The book was released on January 24 2012 by Pantheon Books and the book is narrated by Mr g as he describes the process of creation.
 Jyu-Oh-Sei (Japanese: 獣王星 Hepburn: Jū Ō Sei lit. Planet of the Beast King) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Natsumi Itsuki. An 11-episode anime adaptation was animated by Bones and premiered April 13 2006 in Japan as part of Fuji TV's Noitamina programming block.On May 2 2009 the series made its North American television debut on the FUNimation Channel.
 Daz 4 Zoe is a young-adult novel by Robert Swindells. It follows the story of a 'subbie' (from the suburbs of Silverdale) named Zoe and a 'chippy' (from the city of Rawhampton) named Daz.It is a dual dialogue with parts being written as if by Daz and parts by Zoe. Daz's spelling is phonetic with appalling grammar done by Swindells to show Daz's low quality of education. This contrasts with Zoe's more formal style.
 Kylie / Fashion is an official fashion photography book about the career of Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue. It was published on November 12 2012 by Thames & Hudson.
 Speed Racer also known as Mach GoGoGo (マッハGoGoGo Mahha GōGōGō) is a Japanese anime/manga franchise about automobile racing. Mach GoGoGo was originally serialized in print in Shueisha's 1958 Shōnen Book. It was released in tankōbon book form by Sun Wide Comics and later re-released in Japan by Fusosha. Adapted into anime by Tatsunoko Productions its 52 episodes aired on Fuji TV from April 1967 to March 1968. The anime was re-broadcast on Tokyo MX from July 1 to September 25 2008.
 Syren is the fifth book in the child fantasy Septimus Heap series by Angie Sage. It was released on September 29 2009 by HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing. She went on a book promotion tour for Syren as well as a contest to promote it further.The story continues from the previous release Queste and deals with Septimus going to pick up his friends from a distant land.
 The Further Chronicles of Conan is a collection of fantasy novels written by Robert Jordan featuring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. The book was first published in hardcover in October 1999 by Tor Books with a trade paperback edition following in September 2004 from the same publisher. It collects three novels previously published by Tor.
 Construction Law is a monthly English-language journal providing news and practical advice relating to the construction industry. The journal is written specifically for the non-legal professional involved in contractual and other legal matters in the industry. The journal is owned by LexisNexis which is part of Reed Elsevier.Articles within the journal are written by lawyers barristers academics insurance and health and safety specialists who specialise in construction law.
 Australian Banking & Finance Magazine is a trade magazine of the Australian banking and finance community providing coverage of the financial services sector with a 30000-strong readership.[citation needed]It is produced by Australian Financial Publications an Australian financial industry media company that produce manage and deliver magazines conferences forums briefings and custom and online communications.[citation needed]The magazine is published monthly in print format with eleven editions a year. 
 Daedalus is a Star Trek: Enterprise novel which was released in December 2003.
 The Proceedings of the British Academy is a peer-reviewed academic journal. The publication consists of conference proceedings and lectures and several of the individual volumes have their own unique titles. Articles from volume 51 onwards are available as PDF files for members with the first page of every article and a select number of articles available at no cost to all.
 Word and Work is a religious journal associated with those Churches of Christ that hold to a premillennial eschatology. It was founded in 1908 by Dr. David Lipscomb Watson.
 On Beauty is a 2005 novel by British author Zadie Smith. It takes its title from an essay by Elaine Scarry (On Beauty and Being Just). The story follows the lives of a mixed-race British/American family living in the United States. On Beauty addresses ethnic and cultural differences in both the USA and the UK the nature of beauty and the clash between liberal and conservative academic values.
 Meu Testamento is a Portuguese language novel by Brazilian author Oswald de Andrade. It was first published in 1944.
 Conflict Management and Peace Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal appearing five times a year that publishes scholarly articles and book reviews in the field of international relations (specifically peace and conflict studies) on topics such as international conflict arms races international trade foreign policy international mediation and conflict resolution. The journal is published under the auspices of the Peace Science Society. The journal includes original and review articles.
 Ramona the Pest by Beverly Cleary is the second book of the Ramona series and the first to focus on Ramona Quimby as the protagonist. This children's book chronicles the adventures of Ramona's first few months at kindergarten. The book's title is derived from the characterization of Ramona as a pest by many including her older sister Beatrice known as Beezus. Ramona the Pest was first published in 1968 and featured illustrations by Louis Darling.
 Natural Product Updates (NPU) provides graphical abstracts of new developments in natural product chemistry selected from dozens of key primary journals. Coverage includes:Isolation studiesBiosynthesisNew natural productsKnown compounds from new sourcesStructure determinationsNew properties and biological activities Natural Product Updates is a fully searchable online text and graphical database that is updated weekly with the latest developments in catalysis.
 Bessatsu Shōnen Sunday (別冊少年サンデー Bessatsu Shōnen Sandē) was a quarterly manga magazine published by Shogakukan in Japan from Spring 1960 until March 1974. It was initially published quarterly but switched to a monthly release beginning in December 1964. Due to sluggish sales and the paper shortage caused by the 1973 oil crisis the magazine's last issue was the March 1974 issue. There was also a spinoff magazine called Deluxe Shōnen Sunday but it too didn't last long.
 profil is an Austrian weekly news magazine that is published in German language.
 British Journal of Developmental Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society. The journal was established in 1983. The journal covers developmental psychology topics such as social emotional and personality development in childhood adolescence and adulthood the development of language and atypical development.
 Crank is a novel by Ellen Hopkins published in 2004. The book has been banned in many locations due to complaints of the book's drug use language and sexual themes. Hopkins has stated that she has based the book loosely around the real life addictions of her daughter to crystal meth and that the book is required reading in many high schools as well as many drug and drug court programs.
 You've Got to Get On Jack is a 1970 revue by David Williamson for the Australian Performing Group. It received a good review by Katharine Brisbane in The Australian which Williamson remembers as the first positive encouragement he had received in print.
 Comic Valkyrie (コミックヴァルキリー Komikku Varukirī) is a Japanese science fiction and fantasy seinen manga magazine published by Kill Time Communication. Its target readership is males between their teens and thirties. The first volume was released on July 25 2006 and ran in bimonthly volumes until it switched to monthly publication starting with Volume 30 on May 27 2011. However it switched back to bimonthly serialization following the release of Volume 34 on September 27 2011.
 The Valley-Westside War is a 2008 young adult alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove. It is the latest in the Crosstime Traffic series.
 Abrar is a daily newspaper published in Iran.
 Valley Candle is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium. It is in the public domain according to Librivox having been first published prior to the 1923 publication year of Harmonium.[1]Valley Candle is a spare and austere poem with Imagist virtues. It may be compared to Domination of Black which also makes use of the colors of the night though Domination is more emotionally charged. Like other works it is entirely written in metaphors.
 Rich Relations is a 1986 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang. Hwang's first play with all non-Asian characters it depicts the rich WASP Orr family and the damage within from parent to child with many religious overtones. The play premiered at the McGinn-Cazale Theatre on April 21 1986 Off-Broadway as part of the Second Stage Theatre. It was directed by Harry Kondoleon with Phoebe Cates and Keith Szarabajka.It is currently published by Playscripts Inc..
 Davar (Hebrew: דבר‎ lit. Word) was a Hebrew-language daily newspaper published in the British Mandate of Palestine and Israel between 1925 and May 1996.
 Macroscope is a novel by science fiction and fantasy author Piers Anthony. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1970.Macroscope was first published in 1969 and in some respects reflects the idealistic values of that time.
 Embracing Love (春を抱いていた Haru wo Daiteita) is a yaoi manga by Youka Nitta about two male pornographic actors who fall in love as they attempt to break into mainstream acting. It is published in English by Be Beautiful Manga. In addition to the manga a drama CD and OVA have been released.
 Steel Rose is a fantasy novel by the American writer Kara Dalkey.Set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania it tells the story of T.J. Kaminski a performance artist who is desperate to jumpstart her career. In a secret corner of Schenley Park she conjures up elves with the power to grant her wish. But when Kaminski picks up the strange rose one of them tosses on stage she unwittingly steps into a battle between immortal foes.
 A Roller Coaster Ride! - When an IITian Met a BITSian Girl is a 2010 novel written by Saumil Shrivastava a BTech from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bombay.It is his debut novel. The novel got recommended by Sanjeev Kotnala Vice President Dainik Bhaskar Group. According to him this is the first CAMOBS (Campus and First Job) novel which bridges the gap left by new emerging IIT - IIM campus experience authors.A Roller Coaster Ride is published by Srishti Publishers.
 The Weakness is the 37th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Elise Smith. It is narrated by Rachel.
 The Newnan Times-Herald locally known as The Times-Herald is a newspaper published in Newnan Georgia. It was founded in 1866 which makes it the oldest news organization in Newnan and Coweta County Georgia. It is a local newspaper and official legal organ for the community located about 30 miles south of Atlanta. On July 22 1972 the Newnana Times-Herald received the National Newspaper Association award for excellence in typography.
 The Beginning Was the End is a 1971 pseudo-scientific book written by Oscar Kiss Maerth that claims that humankind evolved from cannibalistic apes. Its premise: One ape discovered that eating the fresh brain of one's own kind increases the sexual impulses. He and his descendants became addicted to brains and hunted for them. It was not until later that they noticed that their intelligence increased as a result. The outcome of this process is HOMO SAPIENS. — The Beginning was the End p. 37
 Scientia Pharmaceutica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research papers short communications and a limited number of reviews on all fields of pharmaceutical sciences and related areas as well as on pharmaceutical practice. Since 2008 all articles are published open access. From 2010 the journal is archived in PubMed Central.
 The Ice-Maiden is an 1861 fairy tale (short story) by the Danish writer Hans Christian Andersen and published by KING & BAIRD in 1863.
 The Girl in Blue is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse. It was first published in the United Kingdom on October 29 1970 by Barrie & Jenkins London and in the United States on February 22 1971 by Simon & Schuster Inc. New York.
 The Earth Compels was the second poetry collection by Louis MacNeice. It was published by Faber and Faber on 28 April 1938 and was one of four books by Louis MacNeice to appear in 1938 along with I Crossed the Minch Modern Poetry: A Personal Essay and Zoo.The first edition of The Earth Compels has the following blurb on the flap of the dust jacket: Mr. MacNeice's position as a poet was incontestably established in 1935 by his first volume of Poems.
 Remember Me (1994) is a suspense novel by American author Mary Higgins Clark.
 'Across the Black Waters' is an English novel by the Indian writer Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1939. It describes the experience of Lalu a sepoy in the Indian Army fighting on behalf of Britain against the Germans in France during World War I. He is portrayed by the author as an innocent peasant whose poor family was evicted from their land and who only vaguely understands what the war is about.
 Henry and Beezus is the second book in the Henry Huggins series. This humorous children's novel was written by Beverly Cleary and published in 1952. Henry comes up with many ways to earn money for the new red bicycle he wants but they all seem to end up with him in trouble. Finally his friend Beezus gives him an idea that actually works.
 Le Vélo was the leading French sports newspaper from its inception on 1 December 1892 until it ceased publication in 1904. Mixing sports reporting with news and political comment it achieved a circulation of 80000 copies a day.
 Miss Lulu Bett is a 1920 novel by American writer Zona Gale and later adapted for the stage. It was a bestseller at the time of its initial publication but gradually fell out of favor with changing tastes and social conditions.
 The Big Orange Splot is a children's picture book by Daniel Manus Pinkwater. It was published in 1977 by Scholastic Inc New York. The age range is ages 4–8 and all 32 pages have a full color picture which helps the child visualize when reading. The vocabulary and themes in the book suggest it is targeted at adults as well.
 The Field is the world's oldest country and field sports magazine having been published continuously since 1853. Its current publisher is IPC Media.The famous sportsman Robert Smith Surtees the creator of Jorrocks was the driving force behind the initial publication. He saw a gap in the market for illustrated sporting literature at a time when the rising wealth and leisure of the new Victorian industrialists and their offspring swelled a ready market for gentleman’s literature.
 Love Does is a 2012 Christian non-fiction book by Bob Goff. The book was released on May 1 2012 through Thomas Nelson and collects several essays about life stories and experiences.
 The Amazing Spider-Man is an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics featuring the adventures of the fictional superhero Spider-Man. Being the mainstream continuity of the franchise it began publication in 1963 as a monthly periodical and was published continuously with a brief interruption in 1995 until its relaunch with a new numbering order in 1999. In 2003 the series reverted to the numbering order of the first volume.
 ×××Holic (×××ホリック Horikku) pronounced as holic is a seinen manga written and illustrated by the group of manga artists known as Clamp. The series which crosses over with another Clamp work Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle revolves around Kimihiro Watanuki a high-school student disturbed by his ability to see the supernatural and Yūko Ichihara a witch who owns a wish-granting shop.
 Mother Earth was an anarchist journal that described itself as A Monthly Magazine Devoted to Social Science and Literature edited by Emma Goldman. Alexander Berkman another well-known anarchist was the magazine's editor from 1907 to 1915. It published longer articles on a variety of anarchist topics including the labor movement education literature and the arts state and government control and women's emancipation sexual freedom and was an early supporter of birth control.
 New Writings in SF 29 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the eighth volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in November 1976 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi in 1978.
 The George Mason University Civil Rights Law Journal is a law review run by students at the George Mason University School of Law. It published one or two issues each school year from 1990 to 2006-2007 and three issues each year since then. The journal is published by William S. Hein & Co.
 The Winnipeg Free Press is a daily (excluding Sunday) broadsheet newspaper in Winnipeg Manitoba. It provides coverage of national international sports business and entertainment news. Various consumer-oriented features such as homes and automobiles appear on a weekly basis. The newspaper's main competition is the Winnipeg Sun a print daily newspaper.
 Romance of the Three Kingdoms attributed to Luo Guanzhong is a historical novel set amidst the turbulent years near the end of the Han Dynasty and the Three Kingdoms era of Chinese history starting in 169 AD and ending with the reunification of the land in 280 AD.The story (part historical part legend and part myth) romanticises and dramatises the lives of feudal lords and their retainers who tried to replace the dwindling Han Dynasty or restore it.
 Black Holes and Baby Universes and other Essays is a popular science book by English astrophysicist Stephen Hawking.This book is a collection of essays and lectures written by Hawking mainly about the makeup of black holes and why they might be nodes from which other universes grow. Hawking discusses black hole thermodynamics special relativity general relativity and quantum mechanics. Hawking also describes his life when he was young and his later experience of motor neurone disease.
 Flora Neotropica is a series of monographs published by the New York Botanical Garden Press and is the official publication of the Organization for Flora Neotropica. It covers the taxonomic treatment of American plants and plant families in the region of the Tropic of Cancer to the Tropic of Capricorn. The journal is edited by Thomas Zanoni (New York Botanical Garden). The journal was established in 1967 and is published on an irregular basis.
 Lidové noviny (People's News or The People's Newspaper Czech pronunciation: [ˈlɪdovɛː ˈnovɪnɪ]) is a daily newspaper published in the Czech Republic. It is the oldest Czech daily. Its profile is nowadays a national news daily covering political economic cultural and scientific affairs mostly with a centre-right conservative view. It often hosts commentaries and opinions of prominent personalities from the Czech Republic and from abroad.
 The Woman Who Rides Like a Man is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the third in a series of four books The Song of the Lioness. It details the knighthood of Alanna of Trebond as she lives in the Bazhir desert after her becoming a knight.
 Caucasian Review of International Affairs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the countries of the Caucasus and issues of contemporary international relations. It was established in 2006 as the Caucasian Journal of European Affairs.The journal publishes research papers comments book reviews and interviews as well as a weekly analytical piece the Caucasus Update.
 Asr-e Azadegan (The Epoch of the Freed in English) was a popular reformist newspaper in Iran.
 This article is about the book. For the character Sabriel herself see Sabriel (character).Sabriel is a fantasy novel by Garth Nix first published in 1995. It is the first in his Old Kingdom trilogy and is followed by Lirael and Abhorsen.
 Batāshi Kingyo (バタアシ金魚) is a Japanese manga series by Minetarō Mochizuki. It was adapted into a live action film directed by Joji Matsuoka in 1990.
 Vokrug sveta (Russian: Вокруг света literally: Around the World) is a Russian geographic magazine. It is the longest running magazine in the Russian language. The first issue was printed in Saint Petersburg in December 1861 almost thirty years before the establishment of the National Geographic Magazine. Thus it is one of the oldest popular science magazines in the world.
 The New Perspectives on Political Economy (also NPPE) is a peer-reviewed semi-annual bilingual interdisciplinary open access scientific journal that publishes papers related to political economy mainly from the point of view of Austrian economics and liberty-oriented thinking. It is edited by Josef Šíma and Dan Šťastný and published in cooperation by Liberální Institut and University of Economics Prague.
 Word On The Street is a street newspaper in Baltimore Maryland.The newspaper is managed by people who have experienced homelessness in the past or are still surviving on the street. The organization aims to have 75 percent of the content written by the homeless community.Editor-in-Chief Mark Schumann experienced homelessness himself for many years.
 Once is a 2005 children's novel by Morris Gleitzman. It is about a Jewish boy named Felix who lived in Poland and is on a quest to find his book-keeper parents after he sees nazis burning the books from an orphanage library in which he stays. Although Once is a work of fiction Gleitzman was inspired by the story of Janusz Korczak the events of World War II and Hitler's attempt to exterminate the Jewish population of Europe. The sequel to the book is called Then.
 Présent is a French newspaper (published five days a week). It was founded in 1982. It is close to the French Front National and follows a traditionalist Catholic editorial line. Jean Madiran was for long its editor in chief and is still involved in it.
 This Immortal serialized as ...And Call Me Conrad is a science fiction novel by American author Roger Zelazny. In its original publication it was abridged by the editor and published in two parts in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in October and November 1965. It tied with Frank Herbert's Dune for the 1966 Hugo Award for Best Novel.
 Dark Shanghai is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in January 1932 issue of Action Stories. Howard earned $75 for the sale of this story.The story is now in the public domain.
 A Devil and Her Love Song (悪魔とラブソング Akuma to Love Song) is a shōjo manga by Miyoshi Tomori first serialized in Biweekly Margaret and licensed by Viz Media.
 Halfway House is a novel that was written in 1936 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel primarily set in New Jersey USA.
 Basic Battle Skills is a field training manual formerly issued to individual soldiers in the British Army.Editions were modified over a period of approximately 25 years before the book was withdrawn from issue.
 The Island of Adventure (published in 1944) is a popular children's book by Enid Blyton. It is the first book in the Adventure Series. The first edition of the book was illustrated by Stuart Tresilian.
 The International Journal of Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original research articles reviews brief scientific notes case studies letters to the editor and book reviews concerned with all aspects of neuroscience and neurology.
 The Green Book (Arabic: الكتاب الأخضر‎ al-Kitāb al-Aḫḍar) is a short book setting out the political philosophy of the former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. The book was first published in 1975.
 Factsheet Five was a periodical mostly consisting of short reviews of privately produced printed matter along with contact details of the editors and publishers.In the 1980s and early 1990s its comprehensive reviews (literally thousands in each issue) made it the most important publication in its field heralding the wider spread of what would eventually be called fanzine or zine culture.
 Miguel Street is a semi-autobiographical novel by V. S. Naipaul set in wartime Port of Spain Trinidad and Tobago. Naipaul wrote it while employed at the BBC using a BBC typewriter and rustle-free paper.Miguel Street won the 1961 Somerset Maugham Award.
 From Reverence to Rape: The Treatment of Women in the Movies is a 1974 book (revised and reissued in 1987) by feminist film critic Molly Haskell (born 1939). It was one of the first books to chronicle women's images in film. Along with Marjorie Rosen's Popcorn Venus it typifies the first feminist expeditions into film history and criticism adopting the image of woman approach.
 City of Djinns (1994) is a travelogue by William Dalrymple about the historical capital of India Delhi. It is his second book and culminated as a result of his six-year stay in New Delhi. City of Djinns was the first product of Dalrymple’s love affair with India centring on Delhi a city with ‘a bottomless seam of stories’.
 Buddha Is as Buddha Does: The Ten Original Practices for Enlightened Living is a book written by Surya Das published in 2008. It is conceived as a guide for spiritual development based on the pāramitās traditional Buddhist teachings. The Sanskrit term is usually translated as perfections but the practices are best understood as a set of virtuous actions. Surya Das explains each of the ten virtues offering various exercises and tips to apply the teaching.
 Me Nathuram Godse Boltoy (translation: This Is Nathuram Godse Speaking) is a two act play written in the Marathi language. It has been written by Pradeep Dalvi and produced by Uday Dhurat (Mauli productions). It is based on the book May It Please You Honour written by Gopal Godse. According to Karline McLain the play enacts Godse's defense plea and thus explores the assassination of Gandhi and the trial of Godse from Godse's point of view.
 Mister Monday is the first novel in the Keys to the Kingdom series by Garth Nix. The other books in the series are: Grim Tuesday Drowned Wednesday Sir Thursday Lady Friday Superior Saturday and Lord Sunday. Mister Monday is afflicted with the deadly sin of Sloth.
 Ambush Bug: Year None is a six-issue comic book limited series written Keith Giffen and Robert Loren Fleming and illustrated by Keith Giffen and Al Milgrom. The first issue Hey You Sank My Battle-Ax! was published on July 23 2008. DC Comics announced that instead of releasing a sixth issue the series would skip issue #6 and conclude with issue #7. Ambush Bug: Year None #7 was released on October 28 2009.
 Wolf: The Journey Home originally titled Hungry for Home: A Wolf Odyssey is a 1997 American young-adult novel written by 'Asta Bowen. Originally published by Simon & Schuster with line drawings by Jane Hart Meyer it was retitled and reprinted without illustrations in 2006 by Bloomsbury Publishing.
 Shadow on the Sand is the fifth book in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever. This is the final book in the Kai portion of the series.
 The Unincorporated Man is a science fiction novel by Dani Kollin and Eytan Kollin published in 2009.This work is their first novel of four written by the Kollin brothers and purchased by Tor. See Also The Unincorporated War The Unincorporated Woman and The Unincorporated Future.
 Never Let Me Go is a 2005 dystopian science fiction novel by Japanese-born British author Kazuo Ishiguro. It was shortlisted for the 2005 Booker Prize (an award Ishiguro had previously won in 1989 for The Remains of the Day) for the 2006 Arthur C. Clarke Award and for the 2005 National Book Critics Circle Award. TIME magazine named it the best novel of 2005 and included the novel in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005. It also received an ALA Alex Award in 2006.
 The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure For Writers is a popular screenwriting textbook by writer Christopher Vogler focusing on the theory that most stories can be boiled down to a series of narrative structures and character archetypes described through mythological allegory.Vogler based this work upon the writings of mythologist Joseph Campbell particularly The Hero with a Thousand Faces and holds that all successful films innately adhere to its principles.The book was very well received upon its release and is often featured in recommended reading lists for student screenwriters.
 It's a Bird is a graphic novel released by Vertigo in 2004. It was written by Steven T. Seagle with art by Teddy Kristiansen.
 The Ball State Daily News is the student newspaper of Ball State University located in Muncie Indiana. The print edition of the newspaper is published Monday through Thursday during the academic year except during exams or vacations. During summer sessions the paper is published Monday Wednesday and Thursday. The newspaper is available free to students at various locations on the university campus.
 High Deryni is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the sixty-first volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in September 1973 and has been reprinted a number of times since. A revised and updated edition of the novel was released in 2007 by Ace Books. High Deryni was the third of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the final book in the Chronicles of the Deryni Trilogy.
 Vervegirl is a Canadian teen magazine published by Youth Culture.
 A Fish Dinner in Memison is the second novel in the Zimiamvian Trilogy by Eric Rücker Eddison.The story consists of alternating sections set on Earth and in Zimiamvia. The Earth sections focus on the romance of Edward Lessingham and his wife Mary. The Zimiamvian sections describe King Mezentius described as tyrant of Fingiswold Meszria and Rerek foiling a plot against his Vicar in Rerek and then the romance of his illegitimate son Barganax with the Lady Fiorinda.
 Praisesong for the Widow is a novel by Paule Marshall which takes place in the mid seventies chronicling the life of Avey Johnson a sixty-four-year-old African American widow on a physical and emotional journey in the Caribbean island of Carriacou. Throughout the novel there are many flashbacks to Avey's earlier life experiences with her late husband Jerome Johnson as well as childhood events that reconnect her with her lost cultural roots.
 Enemy Lines: Rebel Dream (also released as Enemy Lines I: Rebel Dream) is the twelfth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars universe. It is the first novel in a two-part story by Aaron Allston; the sequel is Enemy Lines: Rebel Stand. It was published in March 2002.
 I Am A Woman is a lesbian pulp fiction novel written in 1959 by Ann Bannon (pseudonym of Ann Weldy). It is the second in a series of pulp fiction novels that eventually came to be known as The Beebo Brinker Chronicles. It was originally published in 1959 by Gold Medal Books again in 1983 by Naiad Press and again in 2002 by Cleis Press.
 What I Talk About When I Talk About Running (走ることについて語るときに僕の語ること Hashiru Koto ni Tsuite Kataru Toki ni Boku no Kataru Koto) is a memoir by Haruki Murakami in which he writes about his interest and participation in long-distance running. Murakami started running in the early 1980s and since then has competed in over twenty marathons and an ultramarathon.The book's title was inspired by Raymond Carver's collection of short stories entitled What We Talk About When We Talk About Love.
 We Need to Talk About Kevin is a 2003 novel by Lionel Shriver published by Serpent's Tail about a fictional school massacre. It is written from the perspective of the killer's mother Eva Khatchadourian and documents her attempt to come to terms with her son Kevin and the murders he committed. Although told in the first person as a series of letters from Eva to her husband the novel's structure also strongly resembles that of a thriller.
 The Journal of Infection is a peer-reviewed scientific and medical journal in the field of infectious disease covering microbiology epidemiology and clinical practice. Established in 1979 the journal is currently published monthly by Elsevier under the Saunders imprint. Journal of Infection is the official publication of the British Infection Association (formerly the British Infection Society and the British Society for the Study of Infection). As of 2010 the editor in chief is Robert C.
 Danball Senki (ダンボール戦機 Danbōru Senki lit. Cardboard war-machines) generally known as Little Battlers eXperience is a series of action role-playing video games created by Level-5 involving small plastic model robots known as LBXs (standing for Little Battler eXperience) that fight on dioramas made out of cardboard with the main character setting out to battle against LBXs created by other characters.
 All That Is Solid Melts into Air is an academic text written by Marshall Berman between 1971 and 1981 and published in New York in 1982. The book examines social and economic modernization and its conflicting relationship with modernism. The title of the book is taken from the Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels.Berman uses Goethe's Faust as a literary interpretation of modernization through the processes of dreaming loving and developing.
 Coup d'État: A Practical Handbook (1968) is a history book by Edward Luttwak examining the conditions strategy planning and execution of coups d'état.
 The Book of Dust is an upcoming novel by Philip Pullman. It will be a companion novel to the His Dark Materials trilogy and will feature Lyra Belacqua as a main character.
 The Actors' Analects (役者論語 Yakusha Rongo) is a collection of 17th and early 18th century writings on the practice and aesthetics of acting in Japan's kabuki theatre form compiled during or around the Genroku era (1688-1704).
 Sports Sin and Subversion is the new book from Belizean author Evan X Hyde published in July 2008. It is Hyde's first new work in over three decades (his previous release X-Communication was a reprise of his 1970's publishings.)
 Emma (エマ Ema) is a historical romance manga by Kaoru Mori. It was published by Enterbrain in the magazine Comic Beam and collected in 10 tankōbon volumes. The series has been adapted as an anime television series entitled Emma - A Victorian Romance (英國戀物語エマ Eikoku Koi Monogatari Emma).
 Belle du Seigneur is a 1968 novel by the Swiss writer Albert Cohen. Set in Geneva in the 1930s the narrative revolves around a Mediterranean Jew employed by the League of Nations and his romance with a married Swiss aristocrat. The novel is the standalone third part in a series of four; it follows Solal of the Solals and Nailcruncher and precedes Les Valeureux. It received the Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française.
 Colonization: Second Contact is an alternate history and science fiction novel by Harry Turtledove. It is the first novel of the Colonization series as well as the fifth installment in the Worldwar series.
 A Pocket for Corduroy is the 1978 sequel to Don Freeman's children's book Corduroy.
 Silverwing is a best-selling children's novel written by Kenneth Oppel first published in 1997 by HarperCollins. It tells the story of a colony of silverwing bats. The tone and artistic ambition of this series of bestsellers has been compared to the classic animal novel Watership Down. Silverwing is the first installment of the Silverwing series though it is chronologically the second novel in the sequence after Darkwing.
 Blood Feud: The man who blew the whistle on one of the deadliest prescription drugs ever (2011) is a non-fiction book by American author Kathleen Sharp delves into the lives of Mark Duxbury and Dean McClellan two drug salesmen for a unit of Johnson and Johnson. The friends sold record levels of J&J’s anti-anemia drug until they realized they were being asked to promote it in a fraudulent off-label manner.
 Shoshone News Press is a US daily newspaper distributed primarily in Shoshone County Idaho. It is owned by Duane Hagadone and the Hagadone Newspaper Group.
 Six Suspects is the second novel by Vikas Swarup an Indian diplomat and author of The New York Times bestseller Q&A. It was published by Transworld in 2008 and in the US by Minotaur Books in 2009 and has been optioned for a film by Starfield Productions and the BBC. In 2005 Swarup's first novel Q&A was published and was later turned into an Oscar Award-winning film Slumdog Millionaire in 2008.
 A Cold Case is a 2002 novel by Philip Gourevitch. A film adaptation of the novel starring Tom Hanks was attempted but the project did not enter production.
 Stop the Train is a children's novel by Geraldine McCaughrean published in 2001. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Bronze Award as well as being shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal and the Stockton Children's Book of the Year.
 Rome Daily American was an English language daily newspaper published in Rome Italy which operated from 1946 to 1986.
 Hear the Wind Sing (風の歌を聴け Kaze no Uta o Kike) is the first novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami; it first appeared in the June 1979 issue of Gunzo one of the most influential literary magazines in Japan. It is the first book in the Trilogy of the Rat series which is followed by Pinball 1973 (1980) and A Wild Sheep Chase (1982). An English translation by Alfred Birnbaum appeared in 1987.
 Mamusse Wunneetupanatamwe Up-Biblum God (aka: Algonquian Bible) was the first Christian Bible to be published in the United States. The English Puritan missionary John Eliot produced a translation of the Geneva Bible into the Indian Massachusett language. This is the reason it is also known as Eliot's Indian Bible. Mamusse Wunneetupanatamwe Up Biblum God and the cover page of the translated Bible means The Whole Holy His-Bible God both Old Testament and also New Testament.
 The University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law is a scholarly journal focusing on issues of constitutional law published in print and electronically by an organization of second- and third-year J.D. students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. The journal covers the interdisciplinary study and analysis of constitutional law. The journal publishes five issues each volume including an issue or issues devoted to its multi-day symposium.
 Mshak (Armenian: Մշակ meaning The Toiler) was an Armenian language literary and political daily newspaper (weekly when established) published from 1872-1920 in Tiflis Russian Empire (now Tbilisi Georgia).It was founded by Grigor Artsruni.
 Night and Day is a 1978 play by Tom Stoppard. The sets and costumes were designed by Carl Toms and it ran for two years at the Phoenix Theatre in central London UK. The lead roles of Richard Wagner and Ruth Carson were created by John Thaw and Diana Rigg respectively.The play is post-colonial in nature a satire on the British news media and an exploration of its discourse.
 Shooting Script is a first person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall first published in 1966.
 The Mineral Daily News-Tribune is an American daily newspaper published in Keyser West Virginia. It is owned by GateHouse Media.It is the newspaper of record for Mineral County and the Potomac Highlands in the Cumberland metropolitan area. It took its name after the 1928 merger of the Mineral Daily News and the Keyser Tribune. The Daily News was founded in Keyser in 1912; the other paper had begun as the West Virginia Tribune published in New Creek West Virginia in 1870.
 The Lost Art of Gratitude is the sixth book in The Sunday Philosophy Club Series by Alexander McCall Smith.
 Golf Digest is a monthly golf magazine published by Condé Nast Publications in the United States. It is a generalist golf publication covering recreational golf and men's and women's competitive golf. Condé Nast Publications also publishes the more specialized Golf for Women Golf World and Golf World Business. The magazine started in 1950 and was sold to The New York Times Company in 1969. The Times company sold their magazine division to Condé Nast in 2001.
 Trouble on Triton: An Ambiguous Heterotopia (1976) is a science fiction novel by Samuel R. Delany. It was nominated for the 1976 Nebula Award for Best Novel and was shortlisted for a retrospective James Tiptree Jr. Award in 1995. It was originally published under the shorter title Triton.Delany has said that Trouble on Triton was written partly in dialogue with Ursula K. Le Guin's anarchist science fiction novel The Dispossessed whose subtitle was An Ambiguous Utopia.
 The Orphaned Anything's is a 2008 memoir by American musician/writer Stephen Christian. It tells the story of a lesser known named Ayden Kosacov's sudden realization that There's more to living than being alive.
 From Boys to Men: Gay Men Write About Growing Up (ISBN 0786716320) is an anthology of essays about growing up gay. It was edited by Ted Gideonse and Rob Williams and published by Carroll & Graf in 2006.
 The Arctic Patrol Mystery is Volume 48 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Andrew E. Svenson in 1969.
 The Stamford Mercury (also Lincoln Rutland and Stamford Mercury Rutland and Stamford Mercury and Rutland Mercury) based in Stamford Lincolnshire claims to be Britain's oldest newspaper. Berrow's Worcester Journal and London Gazette also claim this honour. The Mercury's masthead proclaims that it has been published since 1695.Three editions (Stamford and The Deepings Rutland and Bourne) are published every Friday.
 Kaffir Boy: The True Story of a Black Youth's Coming of Age in Apartheid South Africa is Mark Mathabane's 1986 autobiography about life under the South African apartheid regime. It focuses on the brutality of the apartheid system and how he escaped from it and from the township Alexandra to become a well-known tennis player.He also depicted how the young black children dealt with racism and stereotypes.
 Maximum Security is the third novel in the CHERUB series of books written by Robert Muchamore. In this novel CHERUB agents James Adams and Dave Moss infiltrate a maximum security prison in Arizona to get to the son of an international arms dealer.
 The Last Day of a Condemned Man (French: Le Dernier Jour d'un Condamné) is a short novel by Victor Hugo first published in 1829. The novel recounts the thoughts of a man condemned to die. Victor Hugo wrote this novel to express his feelings that the death penalty should be abolished.
 How to Be Black is a book written by American comedian Baratunde Thurston.
 Apocalypse Nerd is a six-issue comic book limited series created by Peter Bagge and published by Dark Horse Comics.
 The Journal of Physical Chemistry B is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research on several fields of material chemistry (macromolecules soft matter and surfactants) as well as statistical mechanics thermodynamics and biophysical chemistry.
 The Biologist is a bimonthly British professional magazine published by the Society of Biology. The magazine was established in 1953 and the editor-in-chief is Sue Nelson. The magazine is abstracted and indexed in several EBSCO databases including full-text access through Academic Search Complete.
 The African Journal of Aquatic Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the aquatic sciences in Africa. It was established in 1975 as Journal of the Limnological Society of Southern Africa and renamed in 1989 as Southern African Journal of Aquatic Sciences before obtaining its current name in 2000. It is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Southern African Society of Aquatic Scientists.
 European Science Editing is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the European Association of Science Editors. The editor-in-chief is Armen Yuri Gasparyan. The journal was established in 1986 and issued three times yearly until 2001 when publication moved to a quarterly schedule.
 The Globe is a weekly newspaper published for the Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune - pronounced LUH JERN community. In addition to its military staff and correspondents The Globe carries a civilian bureau employed by Landmark Military Media of North Carolina LLC - a subsidiary of Pilot Media Companies.The Globe has been the official publication of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune since Feb. 23 1944 when Maj. Gen.
 Analytical Methods is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research covering the development of analytical techniques. It is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry. Authors can elect to have accepted articles published as open access.The editor-in-chief of Analytical Methods is Brett Paull (Dublin City University Ireland).
 Distant Replay is a magic realism/slipstream short story published in 2007 by Mike Resnick. It was nominated for the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
 On Heaven and Earth (Spanish: Sobre el cielo y la tierra) is a book that presents conversations between Argentine Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio who later became Pope Francis and Argentine rabbi Abraham Skorka. The book is about faith family and the Catholic Church in the 21st century.
 Coming Home is a novel by the American writer Lester Cohen (1901–1963) set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of Joe and Stella. He is back from serving in the U.S. Army during World War II and together with Stella and their baby they battle against a steel tycoon a ward heeler and a corrupt police force in America's steel city.The book was reissued in the 1950s under the title Stella and Joe.
 Billiards at Half-past Nine (original title: Billard um halb zehn) is a 1959 novel by the West German author Heinrich Böll. The entirety of the narrative takes place on the day of September 6 1958 but the story stretches back through the use of flashbacks and the retelling of memories of the characters. It focuses on the Faehmel family's history starting from the end of 19th century until the present day of 1958.
 Ultimate Vision is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.The series is a sequel to The Ultimate Galactus Trilogy and follows The Vision leaving earth. It is written by Mike Carey and the art is done by Brandon Peterson.
 Outlook Media is a Columbus Ohio-based lesbian gay bisexual transgender (LGBT) lifestyle and advocacy company for the Ohio queer and allied community. Outlook Media is named after its primary monthly publication Outlook Columbus. Outlook Media also publishes High Street Neighborhoods manages Columbus' GLBT and allied business networking group Network Columbus and has partnered with the Ohio Historical Society to form the Gay Ohio History Initiative.
 Full Moon is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United States by Doubleday & Company on 22 May 1947 and in the United Kingdom by Herbert Jenkins on 17 October 1947. It is the sixth full-length novel to be set at the beautiful but trouble-ridden Blandings Castle home of Lord Emsworth.
 The Early Admissions Game: Joining the Elite is a 2004 book which concerns early admission (a form of college admissions in the United States). The authors combine survey research with an empirical analysis of more than 500000 applications to a number of colleges. They conclude that taking advantage of early applications significantly improves one's chances of admission.
 Into the Slave Nebula is a science fiction novel written by John Brunner and first published in 1968. It is a revised version of Slavers of Space (1960).
 Studies on Homer and the Homeric Age is a book written by William Ewart Gladstone. Gladstone is better known for being the Prime Minister of Great Britain four separate times (1868–1874 1880–1885 February–July 1886 and 1892–1894) but was trained as a classicist. At the time of publication he was M.P. for the University of Oxford.The book discusses a range of issues related to Homer. It is perhaps most notable for Gladstone's analysis of language related to colours.
 HERmione is an autobiographical novel written by imagist poet H.D.. It forms part of what she refers to as her Madrigal cycle which also includes Bid Me to Live Paint it Today and Asphodel.
 The British Journal for the History of Philosophy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal publishing articles on the history of philosophy. The editor-in-chief is Michael A. Beaney.
 Transmetropolitan is a cyberpunk comic book series written by Warren Ellis with art by Darick Robertson and published by DC Comics. The series was originally part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix but upon the end of the book's first year the series was moved to the Vertigo imprint as DC Comics cancelled the Helix imprint. It chronicles the battles of Spider Jerusalem infamous renegade gonzo journalist of the future an homage to gonzo journalism founder Hunter S.
 Strange Brew is an urban fantasy short story anthology edited by P.N. Elrod. It reached the NYTimes extended bestseller list in July 2009.[citation needed]
 For the term sleeps with the fishes see Cement shoes and Luca Brasi.Sleeping with the Fishes is a 2006 paranormal romance by MaryJanice Davidson in which the central character is a half-mermaid. This is the first book in the Fred the Mermaid series.
 Global Islamic Finance Magazine (GIF) is an English-language monthly publication on Islamic finance and Islamic banking owned by Business Media Group Ltd. and edited in London.Global Islamic Finance Magazine (GIF) was established in 2007 as the leading Islamic finance title for bankers business professionals brokers insurers corporate advisors and providers of financial services.
 Exame Informática is a Portuguese computer magazine published monthly by Impresa Publishing. Every month is accompanied by a CD or a DVD (as is purchased or signed).
 This is a list of chapters of the manga series Sailor Moon written and illustrated by Naoko Takeuchi and serialised in Nakayoshi from February 1992 to March 1997.The series was originally collected into 18 tankōbon and published in Japan by Kodansha with volume one released on July 6 1992 and volume 18 released on April 4 1997.
 For the daily newspaper of Thomasville Georgia see Thomasville Times-Enterprise.Thomasville Times is a tri-weekly newspaper that primarily covers Thomasville North Carolina United States and eastern Davidson County. The newspaper founded as a weekly in 1890 is owned by Paxton Media Group. As of 2002 the newspaper had a circulation of about 6300. It currently publishes on Tuesday Thursday & Saturday of each week.
 Preserve and Protect is a 1968 political novel written by Allen Drury. It is the third sequel to Advise and Consent for which Drury was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1960 and is followed by two alternate sequels of its own Come Nineveh Come Tyre (1973) and The Promise of Joy (1975).
 Ross O'Carroll-Kelly is a satirical fictional Irish character a wealthy Dublin 4 rugby union jock created by journalist Paul Howard. The character first appeared in a January 1998 column in the Sunday Tribune newspaper and later transferred to The Irish Times. The series comprises twelve novels two plays a CD two other books and the newspaper column as of 2012.
 A Patchwork Planet is a novel by Anne Tyler. Published in 1998 it tells the story of Barnaby Gaitlin anti-hero and failure who suffers from more than the usual quota of misfortune. The book is noted for its complement of old people and eccentrics and its sharply ironic humor.
 Superman/Wonder Woman is an ongoing comic book series published by DC Comics that debuted in October 2013 as part of the company's The New 52 initiative. The series written by Charles Soule with artwork by Tony Daniel explores the relationship between Superman and Wonder Woman two of DC Comics' most popular characters.
 She Was a Lady is the title of a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris featuring his creation Simon Templar alias The Saint. The novel was first published in magazine serial form in 1930 and was first published in complete form in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton in November 1931. This was the seventh book chronicling Templar's adventures and the fourth full novel.Like other early Simon Templar novels this book underwent a number of name changes in succeeding editions.
 Casino Royale is Ian Fleming's first James Bond novel. It paved the way for a further eleven novels by Fleming himself in addition to two short story collections followed by many continuation Bond novels by other authors.The story details James Bond Agent 007 of the Secret Service travelling to the casino at Royale-les-Eaux in order to bankrupt a fifth-columnist Le Chiffre the treasurer of a French union and a member of the Russian secret service.
 Unfinished Business: Paul Keating's interrupted revolution is a non-fiction economic/political book by David Love. It won the 2009 Gleebooks Prize for critical writing.It is his account of the prime ministership of Australia of Paul Keating.
 ARTnews is an arts magazine based in New York founded by James Clarence Hyde in 1902 as Hyde’s Weekly Art News. It is published 11 times a year.ARTnews covers art from ancient to contemporary times.[citation needed] It includes news dispatches from correspondents investigative reports reviews of exhibitions and profiles of artists and collectors.ARTnews publisher is Milton Esterow a former New York Times culture reporter. Its executive director is Robin Cembalest.
 Enola; or Her fatal mistake is an 1886 book written by Mary Young Ridenbaugh. It is notable for being the inspiration indirectly for the naming of the Enola Gay the B-29 bomber airplane which dropped the first atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
 The African Journal for Physical Health Education Recreation and Dance is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal. It covers physical education health education and dance in Africa (including sports). It is published by LAM Publications (Nigeria) and hosted by African Journals OnLine.
 Al Mada is a daily arabic newspaper published in Iraq.
 Beyond My Touch (目にはさやかに見えねども Me Niwa Sayakani Mienedomo) is a Japanese manga series written an illustrated by Tomo Maeda and published by Shinshokan.The volume contains 3 stories; Beyond My Touch Cool Lips and Recipe.
 The X-Men Fairy Tales is a 4-part mini-series that was created by ex-editor C. B. Cebulski with art by Sana Takeda. It was published by Marvel Comics in 2006.The 4-part mini-series seeks to re-enact the adventures told throughout the original X-Men comics just through folk lore and fairy tales instead. It was the first of the Marvel Fairy Tales which went to tell similar stories for other Marvel titles.
 Uncle Daddy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher first published in 2001. It was awarded a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People ages 10–12 category in 2002.
 The History of Us is a 2013 novel by Leah Stewart. The book released on January 8 2013 through Touchstone Books and concerns three siblings who must review both their past and their relationship with each other after their aunt plans to sell their childhood home. Stewart began writing the book due to an interest in the dynamic between coming to see what’s good about the place where you are living and continuing to feel like you’ve been displaced from where you should be.
 Planet of the Symbiotes is a five-issue comic book story-arc written by David Michelinie and published by Marvel Comics in 1995. The arc spanned the five Super Special #1 editions of the Spider-Man titles available at the time: The Amazing Spider-Man Spider-Man The Spectacular Spider-Man Venom and Web of Spider-Man.
 La Cousine Bette (French pronunciation: ​[la kuzin bɛt] Cousin Bette) is an 1846 novel by French author Honoré de Balzac. Set in mid-19th century Paris it tells the story of an unmarried middle-aged woman who plots the destruction of her extended family. Bette works with Valérie Marneffe an unhappily married young lady to seduce and torment a series of men. One of these is Baron Hector Hulot husband to Bette's cousin Adeline.
 Omenuko by Pita Nwana (by trade a carpenter) is the first novel to be written in the Igbo language and the book was very successful among the Igbo people.Written in 1933 it won a prize in a competition run by the International African Institute and is the biography of the eponymous slave-dealer originally being publisher in 1935.
 Zeta is a Mexican magazine published every Friday in Tijuana by Choix Editores. Zeta is distributed primarily in Baja California in the cities of Tijuana Tecate Rosarito Ensenada and Mexicali.It was founded in 1980 by Jesús Blancornelas known as the spiritual godfather of modern Mexican journalism along with Héctor Félix Miranda and Francisco Ortiz Franco.
 The Ventura County Star is a newspaper published in Camarillo California.
 Diario Frontera is a Venezuelan regional newspaper headquartered in Ejido in the state of Mérida. Founded in 1978 its slogan is El diario del occidente del país (The Daily of the occident of the country).
 Compass in the Blood is a young-adult novel by the American writer William E. Coles Jr. (1932–2005) set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 The Baltimore Chronicle founded as The City Dweller is a small free independent monthly alternative newspaper. It was founded by Larry Krause in April 1973 and incorporated as Schenley Press Inc. in 1976 when the paper adopted its present name. Its purpose is to air different points of view with special focus on controversial stories.All of the paper's writers are free contributors.
 Tokimeki Tonight (ときめきトゥナイト Tokimeki Tunaito lit. Exciting Tonight) is a Japanese manga series by Koi Ikeno. It was serialized in Shueisha's manga magazine Ribon from July 1982 to October 1994. An anime television series directed Hiroshi Sasagawa was adapted from the manga and was broadcast on NTV from October 7 1982 to September 22 1983.
 Three Uses of the Knife: On the Nature and Purpose of Drama is a book by David Mamet that discusses playwriting.
 The Nieuw Israelietisch Weekblad (Dutch: New Israelite Weekly) in short NIW is the only Jewish weekly and the oldest functioning news magazine in the Netherlands. Founded on August 4 1865 it has tried to inform the Jewish community on issues concerning Jews and Judaism in the Netherlands and in the world. Its headquarters are in Amstelveen. The chairman of the NIW is Jigal Markuszower and the managing editor is Elise Friedman.The NIW has some 6000 subscribers.
 Motown and Didi is a realistic fiction novel by Walter Dean Myers. It was first published on September 1 1987 by Laurel Leaf. It is about two lovers living in New York City's Harlem. They have to try and deal with ghetto life and stay in love at the same time.
 The Group 1963 is the best known novel by American writer Mary McCarthy. It made the New York Times Best Seller list in 1963 and remained there for almost two years.The novel caused such a scandal that it was banned in Australia. When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write the modern-day version of The Group she wrote Sex and the City a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film.
 Whenever is a 2000 children's musical play with words Alan Ayckbourn and music by Denis King that was shown as the Stephen Joseph Theatre's Christmas production. It is loosely derived from The Wizard of Oz and it is about a young Victorian girl named Emily to travels back and forth in time to avert a disaster.
 FUN! Online Games (abbreviated FOG) as it is more commonly known is a magazine that is published by Beckett Media. This bi-monthly publication focuses on the online gaming world with feature articles on games such as Webkinz World Free Realms Build-A-Bear Online Neopets Club Penguin Toontown Online Shining Stars TY Beanie Babies Pokémon Wizard 101 Pixie Hollow and more.FUN! Online Games originally started out as Plushie Pals a magazine for stuffed animal collectors.
 Madhushala (Hindi: मधुशाला) (The Tavern/The House of Wine) is a book of 135 quatrains: verses of four lines (Ruba'i) by Hindi poet and writer Harivansh Rai Bachchan (1907–2003). The highly metaphorical work is still celebrated for its deeply Sufi incantations and philosophical undertones and is an important work in the Chhayavaad literary movement of early 20th century Hindi literature.All the rubaaiaa (the plural for rubaai) end in the word madhushala.
 American Splendor is a series of autobiographical comic books written by Harvey Pekar and drawn by a variety of artists. The first issue was published in 1976 and the most recent in September 2008 with publication occurring at irregular intervals. Publishers have been at various times Harvey Pekar himself Dark Horse Comics and DC Comics.The comics have been adapted into a film of the same name and a number of theatrical productions.
 China Men is a 1980 collection of stories by Maxine Hong Kingston some true and some fictional. It is a sequel to The Woman Warrior with a focus on the history of the men in Kingston's family. It won the 1981 National Book Award for Nonfiction.Kingston wrote The Woman Warrior and China Men as one and would like them to be read together; she decided to publish them separately in fear that some of the men's stories might weaken the feminist perspective of the women's stories.
 Change Over Time is a semiannual journal publishing original peer-reviewed research papers and review articles on the history theory and practice of conservation and the built environment. Each issue is devoted to a particular theme as a method to promote critical discourse on contemporary conservation issues from multiple perspectives. Themes are examined at all scales from the global and regional to the microscopic and material.
 The House That Had Enough is a 1986 children's picture book written and illustrated by P.E King.
 Informatics an e-Governance quarterly publication of National Informatics Centre (NIC) is a popular and useful source of news and information on myriad aspects of e-governance innovations and initiatives in ICT across India. It is published both in print and online by National Informatics Centre Department of Electronic and Information Technology Ministry of Communication & Information Technology Government of India.The current Chief Editor is Neeta Verma Deputy Director General of NIC.
 ESPN HS was a high school sports magazine published monthly during the school year in 25 markets around the United States. Founded as SchoolSports magazine in 1997 the publication changed its name to RISE in 2006 and was purchased by ESPN in January 2008. In 2011 the magazine's title was changed to ESPN HS.The magazine ceased publication in September 2012 after ESPN decided to close its high school sports unit.
 The Cream of the Jest : A Comedy of Evasions is a comical and philosophical novel with possible fantasy elements by James Branch Cabell published in 1917. Much of it consists of the historical dreams and philosophical reflections of the main character the famous writer Felix Kennaston. An early reviewer said it was more a series of essays than a novel.
 On Directing Film is a non-fiction book by American playwright and filmmaker David Mamet (ISBN 0-670-83033-X) published in 1991.
 Ultimate Comics: Armor Wars is an American comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. The series is set in the Ultimate Universe and is written by Warren Ellis and pencilled by Steve Kurth. The story is considered an adaptation of the original Armor Wars story line placing it in the Ultimate Universe. This is also the second limited series by Ellis to focus on Ultimate Iron Man after the previous Ultimate Human series.
 Substance Abuse & Disability Services Report is a news service (or newsletter) produced in Silver Spring Maryland by CD Publications.SDR reports on public and private sources of funding for substance abuse treatment/prevention and disability programs. It also covers activities of the United States and federal or state agencies.This publication formerly published by CD Publications has been discontinued and is no longer published.
 The Book of Dead Days is a novel by Marcus Sedgwick. It tells the story of a 15-year-old named Boy a sorcerer named Valerian a girl named Willow and a scientist named Kepler. The Book of Dead Days is set in the days between Christmas and New Year the period of time to which the title refers: a strange a quiet interlude somehow outside the rest of the year outside time itself.
 To Light a Candle is the 2004 second fantasy novel of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory's Obsidian Trilogy.
 Autobiography of a Family Photo is a 1995 book by Jacqueline Woodson.
 Archie Meets the Punisher or The Punisher Meets Archie (August 1994) was a one-shot comic book intercompany crossover published under two separate covers by Marvel Comics and Archie Comics but with the same interior content.It featured the unlikely meeting of Marvel's murderous vigilante the Punisher and Archie Comics' all-American teenager Archie Andrews.
 Developmental Medicine and Child Neurology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering pediatric neurology. The journal is published by Mac Keith Publishing and distributed on their behalf by Wiley-Blackwell. It is an official journal of both the American Academy for Cerebral Palsy and Developmental Medicine and the British Paediatric Neurology Association. It was established in 1958 and the editor-in-chief is Peter Baxter.
 The Puma Blues was a comic book written by Stephen Murphy and drawn by Michael Zulli. It ran from October 1986 to somewhere in the beginning of 1989 stretching over 23 regular issues and a single half-issue minicomic.Published first by Aardvark One International and later by Mirage Studios the story is set around the millennium.
 The Journal of Things We Like (Lots) better known as Jotwell is an online legal journal specializing in short reviews of recent scholarship relevant to the law. It is run from the University of Miami School of Law and appears at jotwell.com. Unlike many typical law journals most of which are edited by students Jotwell is primarily edited by the faculty editors of each section.
 The IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology is published bimonthly by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Control Systems Society. The journal publishes papers letters tutorials surveys and perspectives on control systems technology.
 Dirty Work is a 1987 novel by New Zealand author Nigel Cox.Cox's second novel (after his debut Waiting for Einstein) Dirty Work is set in Wellington City New Zealand in the mid-1980s.
 Hideous Kinky is an autobiographical novel by Esther Freud daughter of British painter Lucian Freud and great-granddaughter of Sigmund Freud. It depicts the author's unconventional childhood in Morocco with her mother and her elder sister Bea. In 1998 a film adaptation was released.
 Gödel Escher Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid (pronounced [ˈɡøːdəl ˈɛʃɐ ˈbax]) also known as GEB is a 1979 book by Douglas Hofstadter. The tagline a metaphorical fugue on minds and machines in the spirit of Lewis Carroll was used by the publisher to describe the book.By exploring common themes in the lives and works of logician Kurt Gödel artist M. C. Escher and composer Johann Sebastian Bach GEB expounds concepts fundamental to mathematics symmetry and intelligence.
 Vampire Hunter D: Mysterious Journey to the North Sea is a Japanese novel by Hideyuki Kikuchi. It was first published in Japan in 1988.
 Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid is a 2007 book written by Lemony Snicket. It is a wit and wisdom quotation book partly drawn from Snicket's famous A Series of Unfortunate Events.
 Jake's Women is a play by Neil Simon. The play centers on Jake a writer with a struggling marriage. Jake talks to many of the women he knows both in real life and in his imagination as he works to save his marriage. Jake suffering with psychosis and seeing representations of his daughter at age 12 his late wife Julie and recently divorced wife Maggie is dealing with the inability to write productively and must resolve these issues before he does so.
 Things Not Seen is a 2000 First person fiction book written by Andrew Clements in which a teenage boy Bobby suddenly turns invisible. The story revolves around Bobby as he deals with his 'disease' tries to get back to normal and even befriends a blind girl.
 Transfer of Power is Vince Flynn's second published book in 1999 and is where the reader meets Mitch Rapp the CIA's super agent. It reached number 13 in the New York Times paperback bestsellers chart.
 After the Race is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 Rogue Queen is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp the third book in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1951 and in paperback by Dell Books in 1952. A later hardcover edition was issued by The Easton Press in its The Masterpieces of Science Fiction series in 1996; later paperback editions were issued by Ace Books (1965) and Signet Books (November 1972 reprinted June 1978).
 Robots and Changelings is the second collection of fantasy and science fiction stories by Lester del Rey published by Ballantine Books in 1957.
 Human All Too Human: A Book for Free Spirits (German: Menschliches Allzumenschliches: Ein Buch für freie Geister) is a book by 19th century philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche originally published in 1878.
 The Jesus Scroll was a best-selling book first published in 1972 and written by Australian author Donovan Joyce. A forerunner to some of the ideas later investigated in The Da Vinci Code Joyce's book made the claim that Jesus of Nazareth may have actually died aged 80 at Masada near the Dead Sea site of the last stand made by Jewish zealot rebels against the Roman Empire after the Fall of Jerusalem and the destruction of the Second Temple.
 Philosophia Africana is a peer-reviewed academic journal of Africana philosophy established in 1998. It was published at Depaul University under the editorship of Emmanuel Chukwudi Eze until 2007 and is currently edited by K. Kalumba (Ball State University). The journal won the 2002 Council of Editors of Learned Journals award for Best New Journal. Online access to this journal is provided by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Arias with a Twist is a collaborative play created by drag queen Joey Arias and puppeteer Basil Twist. It premiered on June 12 2008 at the HERE Arts Center in the Dorothy B. Williams Theatre. Although the play is performed as a one-person show starring Arias it also features the work of six nearly-invisible puppeteers who manipulate traditional marionettes hand puppets and the scenic elements. It has been nominated for the 2009 Drama Desk Award for Unique Theatrical Experience.
 State and Local Government Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on public administration. Since 2006 the editor-in-chief is Michael J. Scicchitano (University of Florida).
 This is Blythe is a photo book by Gina Garan featuring the doll Blythe in various locations.The project started in 1997 when a friend of Gina's showed her a Blythe doll saying it looked like her. Gina had a camera she wanted to test so she used the Blythe doll as her model. Soon after she started carrying a Blythe doll everywhere. Gina works as a video and TV producer; in the course of traveling for her work she produced many photos of Blythe in locations all around the world.
 Psychoanalysis and History is a peer-reviewed academic journal published biannually in January and July by Edinburgh University Press. It covers the history of psychoanalysis and the application of psychoanalytic ideas to historiography. It aims to provide a bridge between the academic study of history and psychoanalysis.
 Books Do Furnish a Room is a novel by Anthony Powell the tenth in the sequence of twelve comprising his masterpiece A Dance to the Music of Time. It was first published in 1971 and like the other volumes remains in print.The book conveys the atmosphere of post-war austerity in which the characters attempt to resume life before the interruption of the conflict.
 The Princess Casamassima is a novel by Henry James first published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1885-1886 and then as a book in 1886. It is the story of an intelligent but confused young London bookbinder Hyacinth Robinson who becomes involved in radical politics and a terrorist assassination plot. The book is unusual in the Jamesian canon for dealing with such a violent political subject.
 The Mixed Men is a collection of short stories by author A. E. van Vogt that focus on the mixed offspring of Dellian Supermen and human beings. The novel's title is taken from van Vogt's 1945 Astounding SF short story Mixed Men which was nominated for a Retro Hugo Award in 1996.
 See Magazine was a free alternative weekly published in Edmonton Alberta Canada. It was published every Thursday distributing an average of 20849 copies each week at more than 1250 locations including street boxes libraries and local retail stores.The magazine was a member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies. It was owned by Great West Newspapers LP a St. Albert-based community newspaper group that also includes the St.
 Madame Bovary (1856) is the French writer Gustave Flaubert's debut novel. The story focuses on a doctor's wife Emma Bovary who has adulterous affairs and lives beyond her means in order to escape the banalities and emptiness of provincial life. Though the basic plot is rather simple even archetypal the novel's true art lies in its details and hidden patterns.
 The Lunatic Cafe is the fourth in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Flotsam is a children's picture book written and illustrated by David Wiesner. Published by Clarion/Houghton Mifflin in 2006 it was the 2007 winner of the Caldecott Medal. Flotsam is the recipient of David Wiesner's 3rd Caldecott Medal. The book contains illustrations of underwater life with no text to accompany them.
 Discover is an American science magazine that publishes articles about science for a general audience. The monthly magazine was launched in October 1980 by Time Inc. It was sold to Family Media the owners of Health in 1987. The Walt Disney Company bought the magazine when Family Media went out of business in 1991. In October 2005 Discover was sold to two media investment companies.
 The Fly is a poem written by the English poet William Blake. It was published as part of his collection Songs of Experience in 1794.
 The Book of Ultimate Truths is a novel by British author Robert Rankin. The plot revolves around the adventures of Cornelius Murphy and his companion Tuppe. The novel was first published by Doubleday in 1993.
 The Silent Speaker is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1946. It was published just after World War II and key plot elements reflect the lingering effects of the war: housing shortages and restrictions on consumer goods including government regulation of prices featuring the conflict between a federal price regulatory body and a national business association paralleling the conflicts between the Office of Price Administration and the U.S.
 Milosao is a newspaper published in Albania.
 In a Dry Season is the tenth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 1999 but has been reprinted a number of times since. The novel is widely acclaimed as Robinson's best a large step forward in ambition from previous books and this was reflected in its critical and commercial response. The novel was shortlisted for the American Edgar Award and won the Anthony Award.
 The Alphabet Versus the Goddess: The Conflict Between Word and Image is a work of critical theory by American surgeon Leonard Shlain published by Viking Press in 1998. Shlain argues that learning written language especially alphabetic language alters human brain function in a way that emphasizes linear thinking over holistic thinking.
 Physiologia Plantarum is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Scandinavian Plant Physiology Society. The journal publishes papers on all aspects of all organizational levels of experimental plant biology ranging from biophysics biochemistry molecular and cell biology to ecophysiology.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.656 ranking it 24th out of 197 journals in the category Plant Sciences.
 Luxemburger Wochenblatt was a newspaper published in Luxembourg between 1821 and 1826.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #4 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the fourth volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in July 1975 and reissued in October 1976.
 Aftenposten (Norwegian for The Evening Post) is Norway's largest newspaper. It retook this position in 2010 taking it from the tabloid Verdens Gang which had been the largest newspaper for several decades. It is based in Oslo. The morning edition which is distributed across all of Norway had a readership of 658000 in 2013. In addition the evening edition which is only distributed to the populous central eastern part of Norway has a circulation of 105012.
 Work Employment & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Economics and Industrial Relations. The journal's editors are Irena Grugulis (Durham Business School) and Mark Stuart (Leeds University Business School). It has been in publication since 1984 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the British Sociological Association.
 The Piano Tuner is a historical novel by Daniel Mason set in British India and Burma. It was first published in 2002 when Mason was 26 and was his first novel.The Piano Tuner was the basis for a 2004 opera of the same name (composed by Nigel Osborne to a libretto by Amanda Holden) and is also due to be released as a film in 2013 directed by Werner Herzog.
 Girl Comics is the name of two comic-book series published by Marvel Comics and its forerunners Timely Comics and Atlas Comics. The first debuting in 1949 ran 35 issues changing its title to Girl Confessions with issue #13 (March 1952). The second was a three-issue limited series published in 2010.
 My Belief: Essays on Life and Art is a collection of essays by Hermann Hesse. The essays written between 1904 and 1961 were originally published in German either individually or in various collections between 1951 and 1973. This collection in English was first published in 1974 edited by Theodore Ziolkowski.
 Dragonhaven is a fantasy novel written by Robin McKinley published by Putnam in 2007.
 On the Road is a self-published coffee table book written by NASCAR driver Jimmie Johnson and his wife Chandra with photographs taken by Missy McLamb. It was released in September 2012.
 The Icarus Agenda is a 1988 thriller novel by bestselling author Robert Ludlum. It is the sequel to The Chancellor Manuscript.
 Meri Jeevan Yatra (मेरी जीवन यात्रा) aka My Journey Through Life is the Autobiography of Great Social reformer Scholar Polyglot Mahapandit Rahul Sankrityayan first published in 1944. The book describes the entire life of Rahulji including his childhood works his journeys and much more.
 The RedEye is a daily publication put out by the Chicago Tribune geared toward 18 to 34-year-olds. RedEye (not to be confused with Red Eye or Red-Eye or other popular international websites and business sharing the same name) was created due in part to the loss of readership among young people of the Chicago Tribune and other major newspapers.
 Go Down Moses is a collection of seven related pieces of short fiction by American author William Faulkner sometimes considered a novel. The most prominent character and unifying voice is that of Isaac McCaslin Uncle Ike who will live to be an old man; uncle to half a county and father to no one. Though originally considered (by the public) a collection of short stories Faulkner insisted in his later years that the book was truly a novel.
 Heartsnatcher (French: L'Arrache-cœur) is a 1953 novel by the French writer Boris Vian. It tells the story of a psychoanalyst who is newly arrived in a very superstitious village where absurd events occur.
 Tears of A Lamb (ひつじの涙 Hitsuji no Namida) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Banri Hidaka. It was originally serialized in Hana to Yume in 2001 with the individual chapters collected and published in seven tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha. The story focuses on Kei Hasumi an anorexic teenager girl in love with her brother's friend Kakeru Suwa who lost his memory. Kei searches for the ring he'd given his girlfriend to try to help him recover his memory.
 Weber­—The Contemporary West (formerly Weber Studies) is a leading American literary magazine founded in 1984 and based at Weber State University in Ogden Utah. It focusses on the literature and culture of the American West. Work that has been published in Weber Studies has received commendation by the O. Henry Prize.The journal awards the O. Marvin Lewis Essay Award Sherwin W. Howard Poetry Award and Neila C. Seshachari Fiction Award.
 I Kathimerini (Greek: Η Καθημερινή meaning The Daily) is a daily morning newspaper published in Athens. Its first edition was printed on September 15 1919. It is published in the Greek language as well as in an abridged English-language edition. The English edition is sold separately in the United States and as a supplement to the International Herald Tribune in Greece and Cyprus. On 2 November 2008 a Kathimerini's Cypriot weekend edition began to circulate.
 Entrepreneur is a North American publication that carries news stories about entrepreneurialism small business management and business opportunities. It is published by Entrepreneur Media Inc. headquartered in Irvine California. The magazine publishes 12 issues annually available through subscription and on newsstands and includes sections such as Tech Money Sell and Lead.
 The Talk of the Town is the first novel written by Ardal O'Hanlon published by Sceptre in 1999. It was renamed Knick Knack Paddy Whack for publication in United States.The novel is set in 1980s Ireland and is about life in a small Irish town where everyone knows your business. Its tone is humorous but dark. The main character is Patrick Scully a hapless youth with few prospects.
 The Diary of a Nobody is an English comic novel written by the brothers George and Weedon Grossmith with illustrations by the latter. It originated as an intermittent serial in Punch magazine in 1888–89 and first appeared in book form with extended text and added illustrations in 1892.
 Star Wars: The Old Republic: Fatal Alliance is a science fiction novel from the Star Wars franchise written by Australian author Sean Williams. It is a prequel to and the first novel based on the MMORPG Star Wars: The Old Republic by BioWare Corp. and was released on July 20 2010.
 The Tridge is an American political newsmagazine based in Midland Michigan. The magazine is published quarterly by the firm Sterling Hoffman & Co.
 The Biomedical Imaging and Intervention Journal is a quarterly open access peer-reviewed medical journal established in July 2005. It is financed by donations from regional and international biomedical imaging industry and the University of Malaya. The journal also receives support from many regional associations and societies and in turn has become the official publication of them.
 The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers: Economic Change and Military Conflict From 1500 to 2000 by Paul Kennedy first published in 1987 explores the politics and economics of the Great Powers from 1500 to 1980 and the reason for their decline. It then continues by forecasting the positions of China Japan the European Economic Community (EEC) the Soviet Union and the United States through the end of the 20th century.
 Stalking the Angel is a 1989 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the second in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole.
 Hanbun no Tsuki ga Noboru Sora (半分の月がのぼる空 lit. Sky with a Rising Half-Moon) subtitled looking up at the half-moon and also known as Hantsuki is a Japanese romance light novel series written by Tsumugu Hashimoto and illustrated by Keiji Yamamoto centering around two hospitalized children aged seventeen and the love they begin to share.
 A Business Career is a novel by African-American author Charles Chesnutt that features the life of a new woman of the late 19th century; she enters the world of business instead of embracing the tradition roles of women. It explores a failed romance between two successful upper-class members. A family’s vendetta against the man who allegedly destroyed the family's fortune is revealed to be mistaken.
 The Lincoln Library of Essential Information also called The New Lincoln Library Encyclopedia is an abridged encyclopedia. The encyclopedia is named after Abraham Lincoln whose inspiring example demonstrated the possibilities of self education.The 44th edition ISBN 978-0-912168-22-7 published in January 2011 containing 2100 pages is the latest edition.
 After Dinner is a play by Australian playwright Andrew Bovell. It was first performed at La Mama Theatre in 1988 and went on to be performed throughout Australia. It is published by Currency Press.
 The Record-Journal is an American daily newspaper based in Meriden Connecticut that dates back to the years immediately following the American Civil War. It is owned by the Record-Journal Publishing Company a family-owned business entity that also owns Westerly Rhode Island's The Westerly Sun and other interests in Florida. Eliot C. White is the publisher.The Record-Journal dates back to a weekly newspaper called the Weekly Visitor established in 1867. In 1892 E.E.
 Second Brother is a novel by the American writer David Guy set in 1960s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the coming-of-age story of Henry Wilder who must measure himself in the shadow of his older brother a star athlete and scholar.
 Mugen Spiral (夢幻スパイラル Mugen Supairaru) is a two volume manga series written by Mizuho Kusanagi. Premiering in Hana to Yume on January 20 2004 the series focuses on the growing relationship between the mystic Yayoi and the prince of demons Ura who comes to steal her powers. Yayoi uses her powers to seal Ura's powers and as he stays with her to continue to try to steal her powers and break the spell they begin to fall in love.
 Alabaster (アラバスター Arabastaa) is a manga series written and illustrated by Osamu Tezuka published in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion from December 1970 to June 1971.
 Alias is a comic book series created by writer Brian Michael Bendis and artist Michael Gaydos. It was published by Marvel Comics under Marvel's MAX imprint for a total of 28 issues from 2001 to 2004.The protagonist of Alias is Jessica Jones a former costumed superhero named Jewel who left that avocation to become a private investigator.
 Comparative Studies in Society and History is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Society for Comparative Study of Society and History. It was established in 1958.
 The Path to Power is a memoir by former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Margaret Thatcher covering her life from her birth in 1925 until she became Prime Minister in 1979.
 Death Without Denial Grief Without Apology: A Guide for Facing Death and Loss by former Oregon Governor Barbara K. Roberts is a personal narrative of the author's experiences during her husband Frank's battle with cancer the final year of his life and the subsequent years of grieving.At the time of Frank Roberts' fatal recurrence of the illness both he and his wife were in public office Barbara as Governor and Frank as state senator.
 Brimstone is a 2009 Western novel by Robert B. Parker. It is the third novel featuring Everett Hitch and Virgil Cole following the events of Appaloosa and Resolution.
 Learned Pigs & Fireproof Women is a book written by stage magician actor and writer Ricky Jay. Divided into numerous themed chapters the book provides the bizarre histories of some of the world's most eccentric entertainers ranging from mind readers and daredevils to animal handlers and stone eaters.
 The Xanadu Talisman is the title of an action-adventure/spy novel by Peter O'Donnell that was first published in 1981 featuring the character Modesty Blaise. This was the tenth book to feature the character. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Souvenir Press.
 V: The Second Generation is a novel written by American television writer/producer Kenneth Johnson. It is an alternative sequel to his 1983 science fiction television miniseries V which depicted an alien invasion of Earth by an advanced race of carnivorous reptilians known as The Visitors. The novel was released on February 5 2008.
 Sam Noir is a comic book mini-series written by Eric A. Anderson/Manny Trembley and illustrated by Manny Trembley first published in September 2006. Rendered in grayscale the comic is a fusion of hardboiled noir fiction and a samurai adventure tale.
 Air is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Key released on September 8 2000 for Windows PCs. Key later released versions of Air without the erotic content and the game was ported to the Dreamcast PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. The story follows the life of Yukito Kunisaki a traveling showman searching for the girl in the sky.
 G-men (ジーメン Jīmen) is a monthly Japanese magazine for gay men.
 MacWEEK was a controlled-circulation weekly Apple Macintosh trade journal based in San Francisco founded by Michael Tchong John Anderson Glenn Patch Dick Govatski and Michael F. Billings. It featured a back-page rumor column penned by the pseudonymous Mac the Knife.Founded in 1987 it was acquired by Ziff-Davis in 1988. In 1998 as part of a strategy change the print publication was relaunched as eMediaWeekly which caused a number of its existing sponsors to withhold their advertising.
 Japrocksampler: How the Post-war Japanese Blew Their Minds on Rock 'n' Roll was written by author and musician Julian Cope and published by Bloomsbury on September 3 2007. This 304-page hardcover book is a companion piece to his 1995 book on Krautrock Krautrocksampler and covers in extensive detail the post-war democratizing and westernizing of Japan plus a detailed 28-page analysis of the experimental music scene from 1951-69.
 The Journal of Leukocyte Biology (JLB) has been published by the non-profit Society for Leukocyte Biology since 1984 with the goal of promoting research focused on leukocyte physiology and leukocyte behavior within the immune system.
 Nursing Ethics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Nursing. The journal's editor is Ann Gallagher (University of Surrey). It has been in publication since 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Lend Me a Tenor is a comedy by Ken Ludwig. The play was produced on both the West End (1986) and Broadway (1989). It received nine Tony Award nominations and won for Best Actor (Philip Bosco) and Best Director (Jerry Zaks). A Broadway revival opened in 2010. Lend Me a Tenor has been translated into sixteen languages and produced in twenty-five countries.
 The Indian Ocean Newsletter is a newsletter-style publication covering the business and economies of East Africa and the Indian Ocean states. It provides news and analysis of the region's business communities and economic affairs as well as related political issues.The newsletter has been published fortnightly by Paris-based Indigo Publications since 1981. Francis Soler who is also Indigo Publications' editorial director is the editor-in-chief of The Indian Ocean Newsletter.
 The Organization Man is bestselling book by William H. Whyte originally published by Simon & Schuster in 1956. It is considered one of the most influential books on management ever written.
 In Odd We Trust is the first graphic novel featuring Dean Koontz's character Odd Thomas. It was released June 24 2008. It is written by Queenie Chan and Koontz with illustrations by Chan in a manga style.
 Leeds Studies in English is an annual academic journal dedicated to the study of medieval English and Old Icelandic language and literature. It is published by the School of English at the University of Leeds. Under its former title Leeds Studies in English & Kindred Languages the journal saw its first volume in 1932 but following the publication of volumes 7 and 8 (1952) it was discontinued.
 Dance Research is a twice-yearly academic journal founded in 1982. It is published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Society for Dance Research in Spring and Autumn each year. Each issue contains articles as well as book reviews and review essays.
 Šolen z brega is a novel by Slovenian author Zoran Hočevar. It was first published in 1997.
 The Judas Window (also published as The Crossbow Murder) is a famous locked room mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) writing under the name of Carter Dickson published in 1938 and featuring detective Sir Henry Merrivale.In a poll of 17 mystery writers and reviewers this novel was voted as the fifth best locked room mystery of all time. The Hollow Man also by John Dickson Carr was voted the best.
 The Phoenix Project: A Novel About IT DevOps and Helping Your Business Win (2013) is the third book by Gene Kim. The business novel tells the story of an IT manager who has ninety days to rescue an over-budget and late IT initiative code named The Phoenix Project. The book was co-authored by Kevin Behr and George Spafford and published by IT Revolution Press in January 2013.
 Strategy+business is a business magazine focusing on management issues and corporate strategy. Headquartered in New York it is published by Strategy& formerly Booz & Company a member of the PricewaterhouseCoopers network. Prior to the separation of Booz & Company from Booz Allen Hamilton in 2008 strategy+business was published by Booz Allen Hamilton which launched the magazine then titled Strategy & Business in 1995.
 Half Past Human by T. J. Bass (real name Thomas J. Bassler M.D. a pathologist) is a fixup science fiction novel published in 1971. Two short stories were combined and fleshed out to form this novel: Half Past Human first published in Galaxy Science Fiction in December 1969 and G.I.T.A.R. first published in If in November and December 1970.
 The Chaos is a poem demonstrating the irregularity of English spelling and pronunciation. Written by Dutch writer traveller and teacher Gerard Nolst Trenité (1870–1946) it includes about 800 examples of irregular spelling.
 The 1983 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the twelfth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1983 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club.
 Garden of Shadows is a novel by V. C. Andrews and was first published in 1987. V. C. Andrews died in 1986 and her estate commissioned ghostwriter Andrew Neiderman to continue writing novels under her name developed from plot outlines originally written by Andrews. There is some dispute over whether this particular novel was written in part by Andrews before she died or whether it was written entirely by Niederman. This is the fifth and final novel of the Dollanganger series.
 Click magazine is an award-winning digital entertainment magazine published in the Republic of Ireland and Canada. Click covers gaming technology and movies and was first published in December 2008. It is produced on a monthly basis.
 Hot Flat and Crowded: Why We Need a Green Revolution—And How It Can Renew America is a book by New York Times Foreign Affairs columnist Thomas Friedman proposing that the solutions to global warming and the best method to regain the United States' economic and political stature in the world is to embrace the clean energy and green technology industries.
 Flatfoot is a 2003 comedic play by David Williamson about the Roman playwright Plautus. It is one of Williamson's few plays not to be set in contemporary Australia and was written as a vehicle for actor Drew Forsythe. It features Plautus' play The Swaggering Soldier.
 Jane and Prudence is a novel by Barbara Pym first published in 1953 and according to the novelist Jilly Cooper her finest work - full of wit plotting characterization and miraculous observation.
 No god but God: The Origins Evolution and Future of Islam is a 2005 non-fiction book written by Iranian-American Muslim scholar Reza Aslan. The book describes the history of Islam and argues for a liberal interpretation of the religion.
 The Journal of the Geological Society is a peer-reviewed scientific journal which covers research in all aspects of the Earth sciences.
 Thirty Years of Arkham House 1939–1969: A History and Bibliography is a bibliography of books published from 1939 to 1969 under the imprints of Arkham House Mycroft & Moran and Stanton & Lee. It was released in 1970 by Arkham House in an edition of 2137 copies.
 Hora Ratna a treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology was written in the usual Sanskrit Slokas - format by Bala Bhadra sometime during the reign of the Muhghal Emperor Shah Jahan. Whereas the opinion of Parashara prevails much more in North of India in South India the method of Bala Bhadra who was influenced by Garga is considered to be more authoritative.
 Hinnerk is a German magazine for the LGBT community in Hamburg Bremen and northern part of Germany. Hinnerk is a free magazine and distributes around 25000 copies monthly.
 Huijian Xinmo is a wuxia novel by Liang Yusheng. It was first serialised between 23 May 1966 and 14 March 1968 in the Hong Kong newspaper Ta Kung Pao. The novel is the final part of a trilogy and is preceded by Datang Youxia Zhuan and Longfeng Baochai Yuan. The title of the novel comes from a Buddhist saying Hui Hui Jian Zhan Xin Mo (揮慧劍，斬心魔) which means brandish the sword of wisdom and slay the demon in one's heart.
 Star Wars: Black Fleet Crisis #1: Before The Storm is the first in book in The Black Fleet Crisis trilogy and is set in the fictional Star Wars universe. It is authored by Michael P. Kube-McDowell and was published by Bantam Books on March 1 1996.
 Yuri Seijin Naoko-san (百合星人ナオコサン lit. Yuri Alien Naoko-san) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Kashmir. The manga began serialization in the May 2005 issue of ASCII Media Works' monthly shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Daioh. A six-minute OVA adaptation by ufotable was released on December 18 2010 followed by a thirty-minute OVA released in February 2012.
 Outlaw Platoon is a 2012 military memoir written by Sean Parnell and John R. Bruning. The book details Parnell's 2006–2007 experiences as an infantry platoon leader during the War in Afghanistan. After receiving his commission through the Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps program at Duquesne University Parnell led 3rd Platoon B Company 2nd Battalion 87th Infantry Regiment 3rd Brigade Combat Team 10th Mountain Division.
 The Academy of Management Journal a is peer-reviewed academic journal on management. It is published by the Academy of Management and was established in 1958 as the Journal of the Academy of Management obtaining its current name in 1963. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.919 ranking it third out of 172 journals in the category Management and third out of 116 journals in the category Business.
 The Worry Woos Series is a six book series written by Andi Green. Originally called The Monsters Inside My Head the series was first displayed in a New York art exhibition in 2001. After much positive response from the public Green began to expand the series in 2002 and published her first book in 2007.
 Kosala is a 1963 novel in the Marathi language by author Bhalchandra Nemade. It narrates the journey of a young man and his friends through his college years.The novel is not a novel in a true sense. It is an account of years spent by a student coming from rural Maharashtra to very urbane Pune to pursue higher studies. The novel when read by different age groups brings completely different experience and perception.
 The Intimates was a twelve-issue American comic book limited series written by Joe Casey and published by DC Comics' Wildstorm imprint. The series were created by Joe Casey Jim Lee and Giuseppe Camuncoli.The Intimates followed the lives of superpowered teenagers and their lives in a school for superheroes.
 Tageblatt is a Luxembourgish daily newspaper published in Esch-sur-Alzette by Editpress.
 The Journal of Politics & Society is an academic journal of the social sciences published twice a year by the Helvidius Group a nonprofit student organization at Columbia University. It is distributed by Source Interlink Companies to Barnes & Noble and Borders bookstores.
 The King and Maxwell book series is a crime novel book series created by David Baldacci. There are currently six books in the series featuring two former Secret Service agents Sean King and Michelle Maxwell.
 Miles to Go is an autobiography by Miley Cyrus co-written by Hilary Liftin and published by Disney Hyperion in March 2009. The memoir discusses Cyrus' relationship with her parents her thoughts on the media her love life her future ambitions and milestones she still has to reach in her life. Miles to Go reached #1 on the New York Times children’s best seller list.
 Treading Air (orig. Estonian Paigallend) is Jaan Kross' thirteenth novel. He tells the story of the generation of Estonians with which he grew up. The unhealed wounds of recent Estonian history has been to the fore in Kross' short stories and in such novels as Wikmani poisid (The Wikman Boys) Mesmeri ring (Mesmer's Ring) and Väljakaevamised (Excavations). It was first translated into English in 2003 by Eric Dickens.
 Zuleika Dobson full title Zuleika Dobson or an Oxford love story is a 1911 novel by Max Beerbohm a satire of undergraduate life at Oxford. It was his only novel but was nonetheless very successful.
 Silver Spoon (銀の匙 Gin no Saji) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa set in the fictional Yezo Agricultural High School in Hokkaido. It depicts the daily life of Yugo Hachiken a student from Sapporo who enrolled into Yezo fleeing from the demands of his strict father. However he soon learns that life on an agricultural school is not as easy as he initially believed.
 The History of Rasselas Prince of Abissinia originally titled The Prince of Abissinia: A Tale though often abbreviated to Rasselas is an apologue about happiness by Samuel Johnson. The book's original working title was The Choice of Life. He wrote the piece in only one week to help pay the costs of his mother's funeral intending to complete it on 22 January 1759 (the eve of his mother's death). The book was first published in April 1759 in England.
 Bully for Brontosaurus (1991) is the fifth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. The essays were culled from his monthly column This View of Life in Natural History magazine to which Gould contributed for 27 years.
 A Voyage to Arcturus is a novel by Scottish writer David Lindsay first published in 1920. It combines fantasy philosophy and science fiction in an exploration of the nature of good and evil and their relationship with existence. It has been described by critic and philosopher Colin Wilson as the greatest novel of the twentieth century and was a central influence on C. S. Lewis's Space Trilogy. Also J. R. R.
 The Observer–Reporter is a daily newspaper covering Washington and Greene counties in Pennsylvania with some overlap into the South Hills of Pittsburgh in Allegheny County. The newspaper is published by the Observer Publishing Company in Washington Pennsylvania.
 Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software is a software engineering book describing recurring solutions to common problems in software design. The book's authors are Erich Gamma Richard Helm Ralph Johnson and John Vlissides with a foreword by Grady Booch. The book is divided into two parts with the first two chapters exploring the capabilities and pitfalls of object-oriented programming and the remaining chapters describing 23 classic software design patterns.
 Comstock’s Magazine is a monthly business publication in the Sacramento Region. It has served the Northern California region for approximately twenty years. The Magazine takes an analytical and Interesting look at the forces shaping the economy and business landscape in the region. In a typical issue readers can find a mix that may include venture capital technology and politics.
 Underground Voices is an independent American book publisher publishing 1-5 books a year. Originally started as an online literary magazine in 2004 Underground Voices expanded into a small press in 2009. In 2013 Underground Voices became an independent book publisher only. Underground Voices is based in Los Angeles.
 The Sowers of the Thunder is a collection of historical short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1973 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2509 copies. Grant reprinted the book in 1976 in an edition of 1250 copies.
 Functional Materials Letters is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed journal published by World Scientific with articles relating to the synthesis behavior characterization and application of functional materials. These are materials designed to respond to changes in their environments. Topics covered include ferroelectric magneto-optical sustainable energy and shape memory materials.
 The Journal of Food Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1936 and is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Institute of Food Technologists in Chicago Illinois. From 1996 to 2005 it was ranked eighth among impact in scientific journals publishing food science and technology.
 The Georgia Voice (styled as GA Voice on the masthead) is a LGBT-oriented bi-weekly newspaper based in Atlanta Georgia. The paper updates online daily and produces a print edition every two weeks. The newspaper debuted on March 19 2010.The paper is the result of the financial collapse of Window Media in November 2009. With the closure of Window Media Atlanta lost its primary LGBT newspaper Southern Voice.
 The Stars My Destination is a science fiction novel by Alfred Bester. Originally serialized in Galaxy magazine in four parts beginning with the October 1956 issue it first appeared in book form in the United Kingdom as Tiger! Tiger! – after William Blake's poem The Tyger the first verse of which is printed as the first page of the novel – and the book remains widely known under that title in markets where this edition was circulated.
 The Prince of Mist (Spanish: El Príncipe de la Niebla) is a 1993 mystery and horror young adult novel by Carlos Ruiz Zafón. It was initially published in Spanish by Editorial Planeta and later in English by Little Brown Books for Young Readers in 2010. The Prince of Mist is Zafón's first novel.
 The Dead All Have the Same Skin (French: Les morts ont tous la même peau) is a 1947 crime novel by the French writer Boris Vian. It tells the story of a mixed Black-White American who manages to have a career in white society without anyone knowing of his origin; when his black half-brother turns up and tries to blackmail him by threatening to reveal his origin his life turns into a downward spiral of violence.
 The House On Maple Street is a short story written by Stephen King and published in his collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes. It was one of several stories first published in that volume. It has also been recorded as an audio book read by the author's wife Tabitha King. The story was inspired by one of the drawings included in the children's book The Mysteries of Harris Burdick by Chris Van Allsburg.
 The Bunce is a novel written by Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United Kingdom in 1980 by Michael Joseph.
 The Secret Pilgrim is a 1990 novel set within the frame narrative of a series of lectures by John le Carré's George Smiley famous only within the 'Circus'. The memoirs narrated by Ned a former pupil of Smiley's are except for the last triggered by tangential Smiley comments in lectures given at Sarratt the spy-training college which Ned runs. However they are primarily accounts of Ned's own experiences rather than of Smiley's.
 Leading Comics was a comic book published by what is now DC Comics during the 1940s and early 1950s a period known to fans and historians as the Golden Age of Comic Books. At the title's inception DC was actually two companies National Comics (later National Periodical Publications) and All-American Publications. National and All-American shared some ownership and advertised and co-branded their comics as if they were one company.
 Mr A's Amazing Maze Plays is a play written by Alan Ayckbourn in 1988. It relies heavily on the audience for many scenes inside Mr Accousticus' house.
 The Nation is a broadsheet English-language daily newspaper founded in 1971 and published in Bangkok Thailand and is owned by the Nation Multimedia Group.The Nation is a member of the Asia News Network. It is one of two English-language dailies in Bangkok the other being the Bangkok Post.
 Enviro-Capitalists: Doing Good While Doing Well is a 1997 book written by economists Terry Lee Anderson and Donald R. Leal. In this book Anderson and Leal further developed the concept of free market environmentalism which they first described in their 1992 book Free Market Environmentalism.
 Maha Thanmada Wuntha (Burmese: မဟာသမ္မတဝံသ IPA: [məhà θàɴməda̰ wʊ̀ɴθa̰]; Pali: Maha Sammata Vamsa) or more commonly known as Yazawin Kyaw (Burmese: ရာဇဝင် ကျော် [jàzəwɪ̀ɴ tɕɔ̀]; the Celebrated Chronicle) is an early 16th-century chronicle of Buddhist religious history and Burmese history.The chronicle was written in two parts by Shin Maha Thilawuntha the famous learned monk author and poet.
 The American River Review is a literary journal first published in 1984 by students and faculty of American River College. An entirely student-produced magazine the faculty at American River College (ARC) facilitate in the financial and legal facets of production.
 The Greeks Have a Word For It is the second novel by Booker Prize-winning author Barry Unsworth published by Hutchinson in 1967. It has since been republished by Weidenfeld & Nicolson in 1993 and W. W. Norton & Company in 2002. It has been praised for its 'utterly convincing characterizations'.
 Duck Death and the Tulip (German title: Ente Tod und Tulpe) is a 2007 children's book by German author and illustrator Wolf Erlbruch. The book which deals with death and the afterlife has been translated into various languages including Dutch and English and was adapted in animated and movie format.
 Aegri Somnia (2006) is an anthology of horror stories edited by Jason Sizemore and Gill Ainsworth and published by Apex Books. The twelve stories in this collection were all written by different authors. In 2006 Aegri Somnia was nominated for the Bram Stoker Award for Best Anthology.
 The Seven-Per-Cent Solution: Being a Reprint from the Reminiscences of John H. Watson M.D. is a 1974 novel by American writer Nicholas Meyer. It is written as a pastiche of a Sherlock Holmes adventure and was made into a film of the same name in 1976.Published as a lost manuscript of the late Dr. John H.
 Untamed City: Carnival of Secrets formerly published as Carnival of Souls is a young adult fantasy novel by author Melissa Marr. It was published by HarperTeen a division of HarperCollins in September 2012. Marr has stated that there will be at least one sequel to the book.
 The Cosmic Puppets is a novel by American science fiction author Philip K. Dick published in 1957. It is a revision from his novella A Glass of Darkness first published in the December 1956 issue of Satellite Science Fiction.
 The Carpathians is the last novel by New Zealand writer Janet Frame published in 1988 and awarded that year's Commonwealth Writers Prize.
 The South (original Spanish title: El Sur) is a short story by Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges first published in La Nación in 1953 and which appeared in the second edition (1956) of Ficciones part two (Artifices).
 SX News is a weekly gay and lesbian newspaper based in Sydney Australia.One of several titles published by Evo Media under the Gay News Network banner.
 Memoirs of Many in One is a 1986 novel by Patrick White in which White is taken to be editing the papers of a fictional Alex Gray.
 Confluenze - Rivista di studi iberomericani is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal established in 2009. It is published by the Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures (section of Iberian Studies) of the University of Bologna. It covers Ibero-American studies in the humanities and social sciences.
 A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia was first published in 1980 by Collins Sydney. It was authored by Graham Pizzey with illustrations by Roy B. Doyle. The first edition was issued in octavo format 220 mm in height by 140 mm width with a foreword by Dr D.L. Serventy. It contained 460 pages of text with 32 black-and-white and 56 colour plates illustrating nearly all species of birds recorded in Australia at the time of publication.
 Dune: House Atreides is a 1999 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the fictional Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the first book in the Prelude to Dune prequel trilogy which takes place before the events of Frank Herbert's celebrated 1965 novel Dune. Bantam Books made a $3 million deal for the novels in 1997.
 The Sea of Monsters is a fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology written by Rick Riordan published in 2006. It is the second novel in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series and the sequel to The Lightning Thief.
 An Asian Minor is a novel by Felice Picano in which he re-invents the myth of Ganymede. In Greek Mythology Ganymede was the cupbearer of Olympus and the beloved of Zeus chief of the gods. In the novel told in the first person from the viewpoint of Ganymede himself he reveals that before Zeus became his lover Ganymede was erotically and amorously pursued by several other major deities. Ares god of war was too rough and violent.
 Fighting Beauty Wulong (格闘美神武龍 Kakutō Bishin Ūron) is a seinen manga series by Yūgo Ishikawa There are currently 19 volumes. The story has been adapted into an anime which spans two series. Both anime series covers volume 00-18. The first series is Fighting Beauty Wulong and the second is Fighting Beauty Wulong: Rebirth.
 The Land is an English language newspaper published in Sydney and later in Richmond New South Wales by Rural Press a part of the Fairfax Media group. The newspaper commenced publication in 1911.
 Shadow of the Giant (2005) is the fourth novel in Orson Scott Card's Ender's Shadow series.
 The Journal of Endocrinology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of endocrinology published by Bioscientifica on behalf of the Society for Endocrinology. It is an official journal of the European Society of Endocrinology. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.058 ranking it 32nd out of 122 journals in the category Endocrinology and Metabolism.
 Little House on the Prairie is a children's novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder published in 1935. This book is the third of the series of books known as the Little House series.The book is about the months the Ingalls family spent on the Kansas prairie around the town of Independence.
 Solaris is a Canadian francophone science-fiction and fantasy magazine.Founded in 1974 in Longueuil (Québec) by Norbert Spehner Solaris is the oldest French language science-fiction and fantasy magazine in the world.[citation needed]
 Red: A Scale of Elements Novel is a novel written by authors RP Rigoli and Suzanna Reeves. It is the first book in the Scale of Elements series and is a part of The Scale of Elements world.
 Airhead is a young-adult novel by Meg Cabot. It was released on May 13 2008. The sequel Being Nikki was released in May 2009 . The third book in the series Runaway has been released as well.The book is about a teenage girl whose life is forever changed by the tragic accident that leaves her taking the identity of a supermodel Nikki Howard. Thrown into a completely unfamiliar world she's forced to hide her old identity in order to personify her current one.
 Dagsavisen is a daily newspaper published in Oslo Norway. The former party organ of the Norwegian Labour Party the ties loosened over time from 1975 to 1999 and it is now fully independent. It has borne several names most famously Arbeiderbladet from 1923 to 1997.
 Angelology is a first novel by Danielle Trussoni. It was published by Viking Press in March 2010.
 Parzatumar is a Classical Armenian book. It is the second published book in the Armenian language. The book was written by Hakob Meghapart in 1513. It is a liturgical calendar and a synaxaria.A copy is held by the National Library of Armenia. That copy is bound with a copy of the first book published in Armenia Urbatagirk.
 The Dangerous Rescue by Jude Watson is the thirteenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 The Old Crow Review was an English-language literary magazine established in Amherst Massachusetts in 1990 by publisher John Gibney owner of FkB Press and its editor-in-chief Tawnya Kelley-Tiskus. It published infrequently and distributed locally with a very small circulation; between 1993 and 2005 thirteen issues were published.
 Geriatric Orthopaedic Surgery & Rehabilitation is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Orthopedics. The journal's editor is Stephen L. Kates MD (University of Rochester Medical Center). It has been in publication since 2010 and is currently published by SAGE Publications. The deputy editor of the Journal is Simon Mears MD PhD associate professor of orthopedic surgery at Johns Hopkins University.
 Adventist World is a monthly international magazine of the Seventh-day Adventist Church published by the Review and Herald Publishing Association. Editors are based in Silver Spring Maryland and Seoul Korea.The magazine is distributed to 10 of the 13 world divisions of the Seventh-day Adventist Church and is published in 7 languages and available online in 13 languages.Adventist World's library reference number is OCLC 61343047.
 Coléoptères is a French-language scientific journal of entomology.
 Published in Morocco in 1966 Lamalif was monthly magazine in French published in Morocco between 1966 and 1988. It took its title from two Arabic letters that form the word la meaning no. This sly wordplay encapsulated the magazine's objective[citation needed]. Launched after the defeat of the Moroccan opposition (Union Socialiste des Forces Populaires) by the monarchy Lamalif was a form of challenge.
 Why Freud Was Wrong: Sin Science and Psychoanalysis is a 1995 book by Richard Webster a critique of Sigmund Freud and psychoanalysis. Webster argues that Freud became a kind of Messiah and that psychoanalysis is a pseudo-science and a disguised continuation of the Judaeo-Christian tradition. The book for which Webster may be best remembered Why Freud Was Wrong has been called brilliant and definitive but has also been criticized for perceived shortcomings of scholarship and argument.
 Avengers Assemble was an ongoing comic book series featuring the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. Its initial release coincided with the release of the 2012 film The Avengers.The series was originally featured as an Avengers book featuring the cast from the 2012 film designed to attract fans of Marvel's cinematic universe to the comics. After issue #8 it switched focus to showing different Avengers between missions.
 Steampunk (2008) is an anthology of steampunk fiction edited by Ann and Jeff VanderMeer and published by Tachyon Publications. It was nominated in 2009 for a World Fantasy Award.
 Acacia: The War with the Mein is a 2007 novel by American author David Anthony Durham. It marks his first foray into epic fantasy although the novel shares some characteristics of his other works such as the historical novel Pride of Carthage.Acacia: The War with the Mein has been translated into French German Italian Polish Portuguese Brazilian Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish and has been published in the United Kingdom.
 Lady Snowblood (Japanese: 修羅雪姫 Hepburn: Shurayuki-hime) is a manga written by Kazuo Koike and illustrated by Kazuo Kamimura and serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Playboy.
 A Study in Scarlet is a detective mystery novel written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle introducing his new characters consulting detective Sherlock Holmes and his friend and chronicler Dr. John Watson who later became two of the most famous characters in literature. Conan Doyle wrote the story in 1886 and it was published the following year.
 Flight International (or Flight) is a global aerospace weekly publication produced in the UK. Founded in 1909 it is the world's oldest continuously published aviation news magazine. With a team of journalists and correspondents around the world it provides global coverage of aerospace manufacturing and aviation operations in the areas of air transport business aviation defence general aviation and spaceflight.
 The Mightiest Machine is a science fiction novel by author John W. Campbell Jr. It was published in book form in 1947 by The Hadley Publishing Co. in an edition of 1200 copies. The novel was originally serialized in 5 parts the magazine Astounding beginning with the December 1934 issue.
 The Stone Pilot (2006) is a short novella in the Edge Chronicles series created by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell.Like the novella Cloud Wolf The Stone Pilot was specially written and published for World Book Day.This book follows the character of Maugin The Stone Pilot (character); a Termagant Trog who never turned termagant. She is of twelve seasons of the Bloodoak at the start of the book where she leaves the safety of the trog caverns where she lived and is captured by slavers.
 Aelita (Russian: Аэлита) also known as Aelita or The Decline of Mars is a 1923 science fiction novel by Russian author Alexei Tolstoy.
 Wings is the debut young-adult faerie novel by author Aprilynne Pike. It is the first of four books about a fifteen-year-old girl who discovers she is a faerie sent among humans to guard the gateway to Avalon.Wings was released in the US UK & Canada on May 5 2009 and became a New York Times Best Seller in its first week of sales reaching #1 on the Children's Chapter Books list in its second week.
 Circulation Research is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and edited by Roberto Bolli. It is the official journal of the American Heart Association and its Council on Basic Cardiovascular Sciences. The journal covers research on all aspects of the cardiovascular system.
 Love Letters of Great Men Vol. 1 is an anthology of romantic letters written by leading male historical figures.
 Clinics in Endocrinology and Metabolism was a scientific journal in the field of endocrinology.
 This article is about the manga. If this is not what you are looking for check the disambiguation page Red eyeRed Eyes (レッドアイーズ Reddoaiizu) is an ongoing Japanese manga written and illustrated by Jun Shindo and published by Kodansha. The manga is licensed for a French-language release in France a German-language release in Germany and an Italian-language release by Panini Comics.
 Administrative Behavior: a Study of Decision-Making Processes in Administrative Organization is a book written by Herbert A. Simon (1916–2001). It asserts that decision-making is the heart of administration and that the vocabulary of administrative theory must be derived from the logic and psychology of human choice and it attempts to describe administrative organizations in a way that will provide the basis for scientific analysis.
 Le Quotidien is a daily newspaper in Saguenay Quebec. The paper is owned by Power Corporation's Gesca division.
 Mix magazine is a periodical billing itself as the world's leading magazine for the professional recording and sound production technology industry. The magazine is distributed in 94 countries.Mix is published by NewBay Media who bought it from Penton Media in 2011; subscriptions are available in print and digital formats.
 Mind Game is the second title in the Ghostwalker Series of paranormal romance by Christine Feehan. It appeared in 15 bestseller lists including those of The New York Times Publishers Weekly and USA Today.[citation needed]
 The Mayne Inheritance is a non-fiction book written by Queensland author Rosamond Siemon. It was first published in 1997 by University of Queensland Press and a new edition with updated information was issued by the same publisher in 2003. The book won the Brisbane City Council's One Book One Brisbane competition in 2003.
 Here Comes the Sun is a 1993 science-fiction comedy novel by Tom Holt. The book was published in the UK by Orbit Books and is Holt's first comic science fiction novel.
 Everyday People is a cartoon written and drawn by Cathy Thorne. The cartoon generally uses a single captioned panel featuring a female protagonist. The series debuted in 1999 and has been in continuous production ever since publishing a new cartoon on a weekly schedule. There are currently over 600 different cartoons on the website covering topics such as motherhood relationships health beauty and well-being.
 Ny Tid (English: New Time) is Norway's only international news magazine published in Newsweek-format every Friday. Politically its history and editorial line is on the left side of the political spectrum and until its recent sale it was founded and owned by the Socialist Left Party of Norway. It is currently owned by new media group Monitor Medier.
 Iconoclast: a Neuroscientist Reveals How to Think Differently is a neuropsychology book written by Gregory Berns and first published in 2008. The describes how iconoclasts leverage perception imagination fear and social intelligence to achieve success.
 The Sufis is one of the best known books on Sufism by the writer Idries Shah. First published in 1964 with an introduction by Robert Graves it introduced Sufi ideas to the West in a format acceptable to non-specialists at a time when the study of Sufism had largely become the reserve of Orientalists.Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive.
 Pompeii is a novel by British author and previous journalist and BBC television reporter Robert Harris published by Random House in 2003. It is an historical fiction with a blend of fictional characters with the real-life eruption of Mount Vesuvius on 24 August 79 AD that overwhelmed Pompeii and its surrounding towns. Pompeii is especially notable for the author's references to various aspects of volcanology and use of the Roman calendar.
 Soul Eater is the third book in the Chronicles of Ancient Darkness series written by Michelle Paver. Not to be confused with the anime and manga franchise Soul Eater.It's winter and Wolf Torak's beloved pack-brother has been captured by an unknown foe. In a desperate bid to rescue him Torak and Renn must brave the Far North.
 Journal of the Royal Musical Association is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering fields ranging from historical and critical musicology to theory and analysis ethnomusicology and popular music studies. The journal is published by Routledge on behalf of the Royal Musical Association and the editor-in-chief is Rachel Cowgill.
 Narrow Gauge and Shortline Gazette subtitled Accurate Information for Fine Modelbuilding is a magazine published bimonthly (i.e. every 2 months) in the United States by Benchmark Publications Ltd. of Mountain View California.The editor and publisher is Robert W. Brown.As of 2007 the listed regular columnists include Gene Deimling Mallory Hope Ferrell Charlie Getz Boone Morrison Lane Stewart and Jim Vail. The magazine is distributed to hobby shops by Kalmbach Publishing.
 Nyaruko: Crawling With Love (這いよれ! ニャル子さん Haiyore! Nyaruko-san lit. Crawl Up! Nyaruko-san) also known as Nyarko-san: Another Crawling Chaos is a Japanese light novel series written by Manta Aisora and illustrated by Koin. It was inspired by H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu mythos. The series' twelve volumes were published by Soft Bank Creative under their GA Bunko imprint between April 2009 and March 2014.
 Audition: A Memoir is a 2008 best-selling autobiography by American journalist and television personality Barbara Walters. The book was published May 6 2008 by Knopf. Audition provides a relatively full autobiography of Walters spanning from her childhood to recent interviews. Walters discusses her work and personal life confessing to an affair with Senator Edward W. Brooke and describing her relationship with Alan Greenspan.The release of Audition was covered by major media outlets.
 Mr Stink is a book published in 2009 and written by David Walliams and illustrated by Quentin Blake. The book has been adapted as a stage musical and has been made into a television film by the BBC.
 Monica's Story is the authorized biography of Monica Lewinsky written by Andrew Morton. Morton was also a biographer of Diana Princess of Wales.
 Double Double (also published as The Case of the Seven Murders) is a novel that was published in 1949 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel set in the imaginary New England town of Wrightsville USA.
 The Portugal News is a national weekly newspaper in English for Portugal.Established in 1977 The Portugal News is the longest established English-language newspaper still in publication in Portugal. It is politically neutral and carries current comment on the latest political developments each week. News on a local and national level is carried from throughout Portugal with the aim of keeping expatriate residents and visitors fully informed about Portugal in the English language.
 Dust and Shadow: An Account of the Ripper Killings by Dr. John H. Watson is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Lyndsay Faye which pits Sherlock Holmes against Jack the Ripper.The book is Faye's first novel and it has the blessing of Conan Doyle's heirs.
 Soren Kierkegaard wrote the Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses during the years of 1843-1844. These discourses were translated from Danish to English in the 1940s and from Danish to German in the 1950s and then to English again in 1990. These Discourses were published along with Kierkegaard's pseudonymous works.Scholars generally say that Kierkegaard's books were of two kinds. There was a series of books ascribed to pseudonyms which Kierkegaard described as aesthetic in character.
 Occupied London is an anarchist-autonomist collective from London UK. The collective started in 2007 publishing the free anarchist journal Voices of Resistance from Occupied London. The journal was launched with the aim to provide a platform for discussion across the wider social antagonist movement and has seen significant success in doing so with contributors spanning across that political spectrum (anarchists autonomists and others from the wider non-orthodox Marxist tradition).
 Dereliction of Duty: Lyndon Johnson Robert McNamara The Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Lies that Led to Vietnam is a book written by then Major currently Major General H.R. McMaster that explores the military's role in the policies of the Vietnam War. The book was written as part of McMaster's Ph.D. thesis at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.The book examines Robert McNamara and U.S. President Lyndon B.
 La Grève des electeurs (The Voters strike) is the title of a clearly anarchist chronicle by French writer Octave Mirbeau First appearing in Le Figaro on November 28 1888 the text was subsequently published on numerous occasions in the form of a brochure often associated with another chronicle « Prélude » that also appeared in Le Figaro on July 14 1889.
 The Journal of Law and Commerce is a law review published by an independent student group at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law focusing on domestic and international commercial and business law. The journal is published biannually with recent issues available online. Its Bluebook abbreviation is J.L. & Com.Founded in 1980 the journal's focus on commercial business tax and corporate law reflects the law school's interests in those areas.
 The Deed of Paksenarrion is an epic fantasy saga by the American author Elizabeth Moon. The Deed of Paksenarrion was originally published in three volumes in 1988 and 1989 and as a single trade edition of that name in 1992 by Baen. The three books included are Sheepfarmer's Daughter Divided Allegiance and Oath of Gold.
 The Dark Room (1995) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters. The story was shortlisted for a CWA Gold Dagger.
 Back to the Stone Age is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the fifth in his series set in the interior world of Pellucidar. It first appeared as a six-part serial in Argosy Weekly from January 9 to February 13 1937 under the title Seven Worlds to Conquer. It was first published in book form in hardcover by Edgar Rice Burroughs Inc. in September 1937 under the present title and has been reissued a number of times since by various publishers.
 Berkeley Fiction Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1982 and based at the University of California Berkeley. Stories that have appeared in the Berkeley Fiction Review have been reprinted in The Best American Short Stories and the Pushcart Prize anthology. The Berkeley Fiction Review sponsors an annual Sudden Fiction contest.
 Suppli (サプリ sapuri) is a manga series by Mari Okazaki. It is published by Shodensha and has been running in the magazine Feel Young since 2004. It ended its serialisation in the December 2009 issue and a sidestory to Suppli also ran in the magazine. It has been collected in seven volumes so far and was published in English by Tokyopop who released five volumes in English. Suppli was adapted into a Japanese drama series which aired in Japan on Fuji TV in summer 2006.
 The Journal of Human Genetics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of human genetics and genomics. It was established in 1956 as the Japanese Journal of Human Genetics and was independently published by the Japan Society of Human Genetics. In 1998 Springer Science+Business Media took over publishing. It has been published by the Nature Publishing Group since January 2009. While under Springer the publication frequency changed from bimonthly to monthly.
 The Journal of Modern Optics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established as Optica Acta in 1954. It obtained its current name in 1987 and is published by Taylor & Francis with 21 issues per year. The journal covers most branches of classical and quantum optics including lasers diffraction holographs nonlinear optics and photon statistics. The editor-in-chief) is Jon Marangos (Imperial College London).
 The Revue d'Histoire de la Pharmacie is a French academic journal founded in 1913. It covers the fields of the History of Medicine and pharmacy. It was previously known as the Bulletin de la Société d'Histoire de la Pharmacie.
 7 Days News is a private weekly newspaper published in Burma. it was one of the best selling journals in Myanmar. It was suspended one week for publishing front page news on Aung San Suu Kyi in November 2010. Other publications also suspended were The Voice Weekly Venus News Pyithu Khit Myanmar Post The Snap Shot and Myanmar Newsweek. Thaung Su Nyein the CEO of 7 Days News Journal is son of Win Aung Ex-minister of Foreign Affair of Myanmar Government.
 We the Animals (2011) is the debut novel by the American author Justin Torres. It is a bildungsroman about three wild brothers of white and Puerto Rican parentage who live a rough and tumble childhood in rural upstate New York. The youngest brother who is the protagonist eventually breaks away from the rest of the family.
 The Jewish Tribune is a privately owned community-based Canadian weekly Jewish newspaper founded by and still closely associated with B'nai Brith Canada. It was founded in the mid-1990s as the successor to The Covenant which had been B'nai Brith's in house newsletter. The Tribune was initially a fortnightly newspaper but became a weekly after several years.
 Rachel and Leah (2004) is the third novel in The Women of Genesis series by Orson Scott Card.
 Orphan at My Door written by Jean Little is the second book in the Dear Canada series of novels written by various authors. The book is a diary about a fictional character named Victoria. There is an epilogue historical note and some black and white pictures in the back of the book. There is also an About the Author at the very back.
 Langenbeck's Archives of Surgery (or in German Langenbeck's Archiv für Chirurgie) established in 1872 as Archiv für Klinische Chirurgie by founding editor Bernhard von Langenbeck is the oldest medical journal of surgery in the world.
 The Ruins of Undermountain is boxed set for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The set with product code TSR 1060 was published in 1991 and was written by Ed Greenwood with box cover art by Brom.
 El Heraldo (English: The Herald) is a regional newspaper based in the city of Barranquilla Colombia founded in 1933 by Juan Fernández Ortega Luis Eduardo Manotas Llinás and Alberto Pumarejo Vengoechea. It is the third highest circulating newspaper in Colombia mostly covering the area of the Colombian Caribbean Region and other main cities in the country.
 The Pagan Middle Ages is an academic anthology edited by the Belgian historian Ludo J.R. Milis. Containing eight papers by various Dutch and Belgian historians and archaeologists it is devoted to the study of how various pre-Christian religious beliefs and practices survived and were absorbed into the new Christian society in Europe during the Middle Ages.
 Data & Knowledge Engineering (DKE) is a journal in database systems and knowledgebase systems. It is published by Elsevier. It was founded in 1985 and is held in over 250 academic libraries. The editor-in-chief is P.P. Chen (Dept. of Computer Science Louisiana State University USA) This particular journal publishes 12 issues a year. All articles from the Data & Knowledge Engineering journal can be viewed on indexing services like Scopus and Science Citation Index.
 The Adventures of Roderick Random is a picaresque novel by Tobias Smollett first published in 1748. It is partially based on Smollett's experience as a naval-surgeon’s mate in the British Navy especially during Battle of Cartagena de Indias in 1741. In the preface Smollett acknowledges the connections of his novel to the two satirical picaresque works he translated into English: Cervantes’ Don Quixote (1605–15) and Alain-René Lesage’s Gil Blas (1715–47)
 Romantica Clock (ロマンチカ クロック Romanchika Kurokku) is a Japanese manga series by Yōko Maki serialized in Shueisha's shōjo manga magazine Ribon from August 2012. It has been collected in three tankōbon volumes as of December 2013. An anime television series adaptation will air from February 4 to February 25 2014 as a segment on TV Tokyo's children's television series Oha Star.
 La Bourse (The Purse) is a short story by the French novelist Honoré de Balzac. It was published in 1832 by Mame-Delaunay as one of the Scènes de la vie privée (Scenes of Private Life) in La Comédie humaine. Later editions of the work were brought out by Béchet in 1835 and by Charpentier in 1839 in both of which La Bourse was placed among the Scènes de la vie parisienne (Scenes of Parisian Life).
 Oblivion is the final book in The Power of Five series. It marks a change in the narrative being set in the future - 2018 is the affirmed setting. It is ten years on from the other four books in the series and the world is in dark times. The Old Ones have started their war and the Five have to find each other again.This book was started in 2009 and was finished in 2012. This book is unique because it isn't a rewrite of a previous Pentagram novel.
 The Irish Times is an Irish daily broadsheet newspaper launched on 29 March 1859. The editor is Kevin O'Sullivan who succeeded Geraldine Kennedy in 2011; the deputy editor is Denis Staunton. The Irish Times is considered to be Ireland's newspaper of record and is published every day except Sundays. It employs 420 people.Though formed as a Protestant nationalist paper within two decades and under new owners it had become the voice of Irish unionism.
 Talon of the Silver Hawk is the first novel in the Conclave of Shadows trilogy by Raymond E. Feist as a part of The Riftwar Cycle. It was preceded by Krondor: Tear of the Gods and is followed by King of Foxes.
 Not Brand Echh was a satiric comic book series published by Marvel Comics that parodied its own superhero stories as well as those of other comics publishers. Running for 13 issues (Aug. 1967 to May 1969) it included among its contributors such notable writers and artists as Stan Lee Jack Kirby Gene Colan Bill Everett John and Marie Severin and Roy Thomas.
 Het psalmenoproer is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 2006.
 The Northampton Herald & Post is a local weekly newspaper distributed free of charge in Northampton England and the surrounding towns and villages. The distribution also includes the town of Towcester following the closure of local paid-for newspapers.
 Videogaming Illustrated was a video game magazine published in the United States and ran from August 1982 to March 1984. It changed its title twice: in issue June 1983 to Videogaming and Computer Gaming Illustrated and in issue January 1984 to Video and Computer Gaming Illustrated. Its short run has been explained by the North American video game crash of 1983.
 The Harbor Country News is a weekly newspaper published by News-Dispatch Media the publisher of The News-Dispatch the Michigan City Indiana's daily newspaper. It primarily serves the residents of and their guests and other visitors to the small communities of Harbor Country a rural resort region bordering Lake Michigan in southwestern Berrien County Michigan.
 The Chicago Defender is a Chicago-based weekly newspaper founded in 1905 by an African American for primarily African-American readers.In 1919–1922 the Defender attracted the writing talents of Langston Hughes. Later Gwendolyn Brooks and Willard Motley wrote for it. It was published as The Chicago Daily Defender a daily newspaper from 1956 to 2003 when it returned to a weekly format.
 Eye on Crime is the title of a Hardy Boys Digest novel written by Franklin W. Dixon. It is the 153rd volume in the Hardy Boys series of detective/adventure books. Frank and Joe solve the mystery of some local jewelry store robberies.
 As We May Think is an essay by Vannevar Bush first published in The Atlantic in July 1945 and republished again as an abridged version in September 1945 — before and after the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
 Himal Southasian (stylized as HIMĀL Southasian) is a quarterly magazine publishing commentary reportage criticism opinion review fiction and poetry and is based in Kathmandu Nepal. Published and distributed by not-for-profit organization The Southasia Trust funded by Norwegian embassy. Himal Southasian is an independent non-nationalist and pan-regionalist magazine offering stories for the entire region of South Asia. The editor and publisher of the magazine is Kanak Mani Dixit.
 The Good Guys is a comic book series that was published monthly by Defiant Comics from November of 1993 until July of 1994. Written by Jim Shooter Jan C. Childress D. G. Chichester and Mike W. Barr the series ran for a total of 9 issues until Defiant ceased publication. It was odd for the time in that its characters were created via a talent search for interesting character concepts.
 Dinosaur Planet Survivors or Survivors: Dinosaur Planet II is a 1984 science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey.It is the sequel to Dinosaur Planet (1978) and thus the second book in the Ireta series.In 1985 the first two books were issued in one omnibus edition The Ireta Adventure. McCaffrey and co-authors continued the series in 1990 and 1991 with three books sometimes called the Planet Pirates trilogy or series.
 Young King OURs (ヤングキングアワーズ Yangu Kingu Awāzu) is a monthly seinen manga magazine published in Japan by Shōnen Gahosha aimed primarily at male audiences mostly older teens and young adults. It is the sister publication of Young King (which in turn was the sister publication of the now-discontinued Shōnen King). As of 2008 the circulation of Young King OURs is 68000 copies.
 Mathematics & Mechanics of Solids is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Mechanics and Mathematics. The journal's editor is David J Steigmann (University of California). It has been in publication since 1996 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Kilala Princess (Disney's きらら☆プリンセス Dizunii Kirara Purinsesu) is a shōjo fantasy romance and adventure manga series written by Rika Tanaka and illustrated by Nao Kodaka. The first 15 chapters were serialized by Kōdansha in the monthly manga magazine Nakayoshi while the last 8 chapters were serialized in the quarterly Nakayoshi Lovely. It was later collected in five bound volumes (volumes 1–3 containing the Nakayoshi chapters and volumes 4–5 containing the Nakayoshi Lovely chapters).
 Lord Foul's Bane is the first book of the first trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson. It is followed by The Illearth War.
 Hegemony or Survival: America's Quest for Global Dominance is a study of the American Empire written by the American linguist and political activist Noam Chomsky then a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 The Metatemporal Detective is a collection of short fiction by the prolific award winning British fantasy writer Michael Moorcock [1]. The stories chart the adventures of the Holmesian detective Sir Seaton Begg his trusty sidekick Dr. Taffy Sinclair and his complex relationship with his cousin nemesis and occasional ally Monsieur Zenith. The stories are set in an eclectic range of times and places and were written over the course of Moorcock's long career.
 Superman and Spider-Man is an intercompany comic book jointly published by DC Comics and Marvel Comics in July 1981. Number 28 (and final) in the Marvel Treasury Edition series it is the sequel to 1976's Superman vs. the Amazing Spider-Man.
 Turtle Geometry is a college-level math text written by Hal Abelson and Andrea diSessa which aims to engage students in exploring mathematical properties visually via a simple programming language to maneuver the icon of a turtle trailing lines across a personal computer display.
 School Rumble (スクールランブル Sukūru Ranburu) is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Jin Kobayashi. First serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from October 22 2002 to July 23 2008 all 345 chapters were later collected in 22 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha. Magazine Special published a parallel world story School Rumble Z monthly from August 20 2008 to May 20 2009.
 Black Fox of Lorne is a 1956 children's historical novel written and illustrated by Marguerite de Angeli. This Newbery Honor Book is about tenth-century Viking twins who shipwreck on the Scottish coast and seek to avenge the death of their father.
 The Free Press Journal is an Indian English-language daily newspaper that was established in 1930 by Swaminathan Sadanand who also acted as its first editor. First produced to complement a news agency the Free Press of India it was a supporter of the Indian independence movement. It is published in Mumbai India.
 How Children Fail is a non-fiction book by John Holt published in 1964 and republished in 1982 in a revised edition. It has sold over a million copies. In this book he cites personal teaching and research experiences that led him to the belief that traditional schooling does more harm than good to a child's ability and desire to truly learn.
 The Daily News is the primary newspaper of Longview Kelso Washington and Cowlitz County Washington. It is owned by Lee Enterprises which acquired the newspaper with its 2002 purchase of Howard Publications. Howard in turn had purchased the paper in 1999 from Ted and John Natt grandsons of John M. McClelland Sr. ending 76 years of McClelland-Natt family ownership. According to R.A. Long's Planned City by John McClelland Jr. McClelland Sr.
 And Still I Rise is author Maya Angelou's third volume of poetry published by Random House in 1978. It was published during one of the most productive periods in Angelou's career; she had written three autobiographies and published two other volumes of poetry up to that point. Angelou considers herself a poet and a playwright but is best known for her seven autobiographies especially her first I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings although her poetry has also been successful.
 The Story of B is a 1996 novel written by Daniel Quinn and published by Bantam Publishing. It chronicles a young priest's movement away from his religion and toward the teachings of an international lecturer known as B expanding upon many of the philosophical ideas introduced in Quinn's 1992 novel Ishmael. The Story of B acts as a spiritual successor to both the novels Ishmael and My Ishmael also by Daniel Quinn.
 The Ottawa Sun is a daily tabloid newspaper in Ottawa Ontario Canada. It is published by Sun Media. It was first published in the early 1980s as the Ottawa Sunday Herald until it was acquired by (then) Toronto Sun Publishing Corporation in 1988.The first Sunday edition of the newly named Ottawa Sun was published on September 4 1988 and the first daily edition appeared on November 7 1988.
 Devoted is the sequel to the New York Times bestselling novel Elixir by American entertainer Hilary Duff with Elise Allen. It was published and released to booksellers on October 11 2011. It is the second in a series of books that Duff is committed to do.
 Reunion is a tale of Fred Uhlman in Germany 7 years before the start of World War 2. The novel was published in 1971.
 BMC Health Services Research is an open access healthcare journal which covers research on the subject of health services. It was established in 2001 and is published by BioMed Central.
 The Capital Times is a free alternative weekly newspaper published in Wellington New Zealand since 1974. It focuses primarily on local events the arts scene and broader issues concerning the Wellington City region. It includes longrunning cartoon Jitterati by Grant Buist.
 Janissaries III: Storms of Victory is a novel by science fiction authors Jerry Pournelle and Roland J. Green the third book of Pournelle's Janissaries series. It was originally published in hardcover by Ace Books in 1987 with a paperback edition following from the same publisher in March 1988. The first British edition was issued by Orbit in June 1989. It has also been translated into Italian.
 The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and her Souless Grandmother (La increíble y triste historia de la cándida Eréndira y de su abuela desalmada) is a 1972 novella by Colombian writer Gabriel García Márquez.
 O Strange New World: American Culture-The Formative Years was written by Howard Mumford Jones and published by Viking Press in 1964; it won the 1965 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.
 Over the Hills and Far Away is a collection of fantasy short stories by Lord Dunsany edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the sixty-fifth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in April 1974.
 Death from the Skies!: These Are The Ways The World Will End is a book by the American astronomer Phil Plait also known as the Bad Astronomer. The book was released in 2008 and explores the various ways in which the human race could be rendered extinct by astronomical phenomena. It covers various astronomical events such as asteroid impacts supernovae explosions solar flares and gamma ray bursts. Plait explains the science behind each event and the odds of it occurring in our lifetimes.
 Duel of Dragons is a novel written by Gael Baudino and published in 1991. It is the second in the Dragonsword Trilogy. The other novels are Dragonsword (1989) and Dragon Death (1992).
 Conan at the Demon's Gate is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in November 1994; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1996.
 Nor Or (Նոր Օր in Armenian) is an Armenian American bilingual newspaper. It was established originally in Fresno California and first issue published on 20 October 1922 and the first editor in chief was Aram Amirkhanian. It is the official political organ of the Armenian Democratic Liberal Party (Ramgavar party) in the United States.
 What I Did Last Summer is a play by the American playwright A.R. Gurney.The setting is a well-to-do vacation colony on the shores of Lake Erie the time 1945 during the final stages of World War II. Charlie an incipiently rebellious fourteen-year-old is summering with his mother and sister (his father is fighting in the Pacific) before going off to an expensive boarding school in the fall.
 Cleats is a comic strip by Bill Hinds. Cleats features a group of young kids coaches and their parents as they deal with the day-to-day trials and tribulations of being on a soccer team (Although there are storylines that have the kids engaged in physical sports other than soccer). Cleats was carried in over 75 newspapersThe last iteration of Cleats had been run on 31 October 2010 in the form of a special Halloween 'exit' strip.
 The Color of Her Panties is the fifteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Seeing Calvin Coolidge in a Dream is a 1996 book by John Derbyshire.
 How Green Was My Valley is a 1939 novel by Richard Llewellyn Narrated by Huw the main character of his Welsh family and the mining community in which they live. The author had claimed that he based the book on his own personal experiences but this was found untrue after his death; Llewellyn was English-born and spent little time in Wales though he was of Welsh descent.
 Sarusuberi (百日紅) is a Japanese historical manga series written and illustrated by Hinako Sugiura. It will be adapted into an anime film Miss Hokusai directed by Keiichi Hara that will be released in 2015.
 Pomes Penyeach is a collection of thirteen short poems written by James Joyce.
 Crazy (2010) is novel by William Peter Blatty released in November 2010 through Forge Books.As with Blatty's previous release Dimiter Crazy is available in both hardcover and audiobook formats.
 NH7 is an Indian webzine which reports on indie and alternative culture in India. It was started in 2010 when Only Much Louder Entertainment and Indiecision merged to form a webzine dedicated to Indian indie music and alternative culture. This venture was co-founded by Arjun S Ravi and Shreyas Srinivasan.NH7.in is currently one of the only daily (five days a week) updated national music publications in India.
 Sapphique is a young-adult fantasy and science fiction novel written by Catherine Fisher first published in 2008 in the UK. It is the sequel to Incarceron and concludes the story of Finn's quest for freedom. Sapphique was released in the US in December 2010.Sapphique is also the name of the legendary prisoner who journeyed to escape.
 The Fountain Hills Times is a weekly newspaper covering Maricopa County Arizona USA published in Fountain Hills Arizona.The newspaper was first published on June 27 1974 and provides news coverage for the communities of Fountain Hills The Verdes and Fort McDowell.Western States Publishers Inc. the parent company publishes several publications including the Fountain Hills/Rio Verde Telephone Directory Fountain Hills Community Guide Fountain Hills HOME Let's Go! and Back-to-School and Graduation editions.
 77 Shadow Street is a New York Times Bestselling 2011 sci-fi horror novel by American author Dean Koontz and his sixty-fifth novel. The book was first released on December 27 2011 through Bantam Books and followed a diverse group of individuals living in an apartment building with a dark history of murder and mystery.
 The White Bull otherwise known as Le Taureau blanc is a fable and a work of contes philosophiques written by the Enlightenment philosopher Voltaire. The story is based on the Greek tale of Europa and the bull. Where the white bull is in fact the Greek god Zeus. The date the story was written is unknown but it was published between the year 1773-4.
 Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power is a 2012 book by Rachel Maddow. Her first book Drift explores the premise that the manner in which the United States goes to war has gradually become more secretive and less democratic. In Drift Maddow examines how American declarations of war have incrementally shifted from being Congressionally approved to being centralized in the hands of the American President.
 The Right to Write: An Invitation and Initiation into the Writing Life by Julia Cameron is a non-fiction book written in first-person point of view about the creative process. This book can be meant for anyone who has an interest in writing and for existing writers who might want to learn techniques to improve their writing process
 Objectivity and Liberal Scholarship is the title of an essay by the US academic Noam Chomsky. It was first published as part of Chomsky's American Power and the New Mandarins. Parts of the essay were delivered as a lecture at New York University in March 1968 as part of Albert Schweitzer Lecture Series. The first third of the essay The Menace of Liberal Scholarship by Noam Chomsky in The New York Review of Books January 2 1969 was taken almost verbatim from this essay.
 Northern Lights is a book by Philip Pullman written in 1995. The BBC and Cavalcade audio book was first recorded in 2002
 King David's Spaceship is a novel by science fiction author Jerry Pournelle. It was originally published in 1980. Another version appeared as 3-part serial in Analog as A Spaceship for the King December 1971 through February 1972.The novel forms part of Pournelle's Future History known as the CoDominium Series.
 The Scent of Rain in the Balkans (Serbian: Мирис кише на Балкану Miris Kiše na Balkanu) is a historical novel written by Gordana Kuić. The novel was published in 1986 becoming an instant bestseller. It centers on the Salom family most notably five sisters — Buka Nina Klara Blanki and Riki. The novel was inspired by Kuić's mother Blanki Levi and her sisters.
 Beyond Race Magazine (BRM) is a quarterly magazine based in New York primarily centered on independent and emerging artists covering music film and other arts such as literature graffiti tattooing and visual arts.
 Guide: The Way to Freedom and Truth is published bi-monthly by the religious organization Kingdom of Jesus Christ The Name Above Every Name. ACQ Publication Editorial Office (ACQ Tri-Media Publishing) is located at Philippine-Japan Friendship Highway Catitipan Davao City.
 The Western Canon redirects here for the more general concept see Western canonThe Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages is a 1994 book by Harold Bloom on Western literature. It is his best-known book alongside The Anxiety of Influence and was a surprise bestseller upon its release in the United States.
 Shadow Games is the fourth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series The Black Company. The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit The Black Company through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred year history.
 Brain Stimulation is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of neuromodulation. It was established in 2008 and is published by Elsevier. The editor-in-chief is Mark S. George (Medical University of South Carolina).
 Making Good Again is a thriller novel by Lionel Davidson.
 The Heart of Juliet Jones was a comic strip created by Stan Drake in 1953.The strip was a soap opera following the prototype set by Mary Worth but elevated by Drake's exceptional artwork. The figure drawing was characterized by Drake's pioneering use of naturalistic movement and expression a style he achieved partly through the use of Polaroid photographic reference.
 TOROmagazine.com is an English language web-only multimedia publication billing itself as the go-to destination for the discerning male. TORO uses state-of-the-art technology to examine contemporary society with a humorous outlook on the best and worst of modern culture. TORO has established itself as a showcase for diverse subjects including sports style drinks cars gadgets gear and women.[citation needed]
 Man in the Holocene (1979) is a novella by Swiss author Max Frisch originally published in German in 1979 and in English in The New Yorker on May 19 1980 (trans. Geoffrey Skelton). A distinctive feature of this book’s style is the use of reprinted cutouts which the protagonist Mr. Geiser removes from several encyclopedias the bible and other books. It contains some autobiographical elements: Frisch at the time of the writing is about the same age as the protagonist Mr.
 The Fiji Times is a daily English-language newspaper published in Suva Fiji. Established in Levuka on 4 September 1869 by George Littleton Griffiths (1844 Woolwich England - 1908 Suva Fiji) it is Fiji's oldest newspaper still operating. The newspaper claims to be The First Newspaper Published In The World Every Day.The Fiji Times is owned by Mahendra Motibhai Patel who purchased it from Rupert Murdoch's News Corp in 2010.
 The Wounded Surgeon: Confession and Transformation in Six American Poets is a book by Adam Kirsch published in 2005 by W. W. Norton & Company (ISBN 978-0393051971). The book considers in turn the work of six poets whose work has often been labelled 'confessional': Robert Lowell Elizabeth Bishop John Berryman Randall Jarrell Delmore Schwartz and Sylvia Plath.
 Southcoast247 a subsidiary of the SouthCoast Media Group is an arts & entertainment magazine and online web site based in New Bedford Massachusetts.
 Nature Communications is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group since 2010. The editor in chief is Lesley Anson.
 Dziennik Zachodni (Western Daily DZ) is a regional Polish newspaper distributed in Upper Silesia. Its headquarters is located in the city of Katowice. Established in February 1945 by Stanisław Ziemba it was initially a state-held daily. Taken over by Polskapresse company itself a part of the Verlagsgruppe Passau it is currently the best selling regional newspaper in Poland with an average of 109000 copies sold daily.
 It Takes a Family is a 2005 book by then Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum. The title is a response to the 1996 book It Takes a Village by then-First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton. In the book Santorum states that the family structure is necessary. He claims that liberal social policies have devastated the family structure and that prevailing socially liberal attitudes have systematically devalued families across the board.
 Black Coffee is a play by the British crime-fiction author Agatha Christie (1890–1976) which was produced initially in 1930. The first piece that Christie wrote for the stage it launched a successful second career for her as a playwright.Twenty-two years after Christie's death Black Coffee was re-published in the United Kingdom and the United States in the form of a novel.
 Aria is a Japanese monthly shōjo manga magazine published by Kodansha. In April 2010 an announcement was made about plans for a new magazine; its first issue was published on July 28 2010. The magazine is released in size B5 paper. The magazine targets a more mature audience of women between the ages of 16 and 22.
 Macaire le Copte is a Belgian novel by François Weyergans. It was first published in 1981.
 Streats is an English broadsheet daily newspaper in Singapore a subsidiary of Singapore Press Holdings was launched on Friday 10 November 2000 & was ceased publishing on Friday 1 January 2005 it was renamed to becomes TODAY.
 The Final Solution: A Story of Detection is a 2004 novella by Michael Chabon. It is a detective story that in many ways pays homage to the writings of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and other writers of the genre. The story set in 1944 revolves around an unnamed 89-year-old long-retired detective (who may or may not be Sherlock Holmes but is always called just the old man) now interested mostly in beekeeping and his quest to find a missing parrot the only friend of a mute Jewish boy.
 The Borders Just Beyond is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by Joseph Payne Brennan. It was first published in 1986 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 750 copies all of which were signed by the author. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Whispers Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine Macabre Pinnacle Arkham Sampler and Fantasy Macabre.
 Revista pădurilor (Journal of Forests) is a Romanian peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1882 that has appeared without interruption since 1886 making it the oldest Romanian journal published without interruption and one of the oldest forestry journals in the world. It is published by the National Forest Administration Romsilva. The tables of contents of the issues since 1886 are published on its website and since 2009 the full text of articles is also available online.
 Canarias7 is a Canarian newspaper published in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. Canarias7 was first published on 2 October 1982 and currently has the second-highest circulation in the Canary Islands behind sister-paper La Provincia.
 Le Désir de peindre (The Desire to Paint in English) is a prose poem written by Charles Baudelaire. It is the thirty-sixth poem of the collection Le Spleen de Paris (1869).
 Kaze ga Gotoku (風が如く) is a manga series by Hideyuki Yonehara (米原 秀幸 Yonehara Hideyuki). It has been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion since October 2008. Kaze ga gotoku means wear wind in the body.
 Conference of the Birds: The Story of Peter Brook in Africa is a biographical book by John Heilpern in which he describes a journey by theatre director Peter Brook and a group of actors including Helen Mirren across the Sahara in Northwest Africa.The journey was part of Brook's attempt to develop a form of theatre which did not depend on the cultural assumptions of the audience.The company tested some forms of theatre they had devised the Centre International de Recherche Théâtrale by performing them for peoples with whom the actors shared neither common language nor culture. 
 The Woofits is a series of children's books written in the 1980s by the British television and radio personality Michael Parkinson best known for his TV chat shows.The stories featured the Woofits a family of anthropomorphic dog-like creatures who lived in the fictional Yorkshire coal mining village of Grimeworth (based on the real life Cudworth where Parkinson was born and nearby village of Grimethorpe).
 Confessions of a Sociopath: A Life Spent Hiding in Plain Sight is a book written by M.E. Thomas describing her life as a self-diagnosed sociopath. The author later appeared on Dr. Phil discussing the subject.
 Yeni Şafak (New Dawn) is a conservative Turkish daily newspaper. It was acquired by Albayrak Holding in 1997.Yeni Şafak's founding editor was Mehmet Ocaktan.In September 2013 Yeni Şafak apologized for fabricating several sentences of an interview with Noam Chomsky which it had published in a front page article with the title The Arab Spring Has Now Found Its True Spirit.
 Unir Cinéma: Revue du Cinéma Africain was the first periodical entirely devoted to African cinema to come out of Francophone Africa. Its impact established it as an essential reference tool on cinema on the continent.
 The Maine Law Review is a law review published by students at the University of Maine School of Law.
 Meshibana Keiji Tachibana (めしばな刑事タチバナ) is a manga series written by Sahee Sakado and illustrated by Tori Tabii. It will be adapted into a Japanese television drama series in 2013.
 The Savannah Morning News is a daily newspaper in Savannah Georgia. It is published by Morris Communications Inc. The motto of the paper is Light of the Coastal Empire and Lowcountry. The paper serves Savannah its metropolitan area and parts of South Carolina.
 The Business Enterprise is a Business Management magazine for Indian Business community published monthly by Brisk Corporate Services. It is targeted at business professionals in enterprises.
 The Magician Out of Manchuria is a fantasy novel by Charles G. Finney. It was first published by itself in 1976 by Panther Books and later in a limited edition of 600 copies from Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. which were signed and numbered. The novel was previously included in an expanded edition of the Finney's book The Unholy City in 1968.
 Memento Mori is a novel written by Scottish author Muriel Spark and published by Macmillan in 1959. The title translates to Remember you must die and is the message delivered by a series of insidious phone-calls made to the elderly Dame Lettie Colston and her acquaintances. Who is making the calls and why? The recipients reflect on their past lives whilst trying to identify the culprit...
 Spex is a prominent German rock and pop culture magazine located in Berlin Germany. Besides music news Spex also covers literature cinema fashion and contemporary social trends. Since January 2008 Spex is headquartered in Berlin and includes an audio CD.
 The Night Eternal is a 2011 vampire horror novel by Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan. It is the final novel in the The Strain Trilogy which began with The Strain and continued with The Fall.
 The Man That Was Used Up sometimes subtitled A Tale of the Late Bugaboo and Kickapoo Campaign is a short story and satire by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in 1839 in Burton's Gentleman's Magazine.The story follows an unnamed narrator who seeks out the famous war hero John A. B. C. Smith. He becomes suspicious that Smith has some deep secret when others refuse to describe him instead remarking only on the latest advancements in technology.
 Ritson's Northern Garlands  Edited and published by Joseph Ritson is a compilation of four previously published books on North East music published in 1810.
 America is a young adult novel written by E.R. Frank. It tells the story of America a fifteen-year-old biracial boy who had gotten lost in the system.The author of the book E.R. Frank is herself a social worker. In an author's note at the end of the book she says she has worked with many Americas over the years.The book was made into a 2009 TV movie on the Lifetime Television network starring Philip Johnson as America and Rosie O'Donnell as his therapist.
 Gay City News is a free weekly newspaper based in New York City that focuses on local and national issues relating to the lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community. It was founded in 1994 as Lesbian Gay New York later LGNY and was sold to Community Media LLC owner of The Villager in 2002 which renamed the publication. It is the largest LGBT newspaper in the United States with a circulation of 47000.Gay City News came into existence after several incarnations.
 Devi is the fictional character created by Shekhar Kapur and Virgin Comics as part of their debut Shakti line which focuses on Indian settings. The character is loosely based upon the mythological figure Durga.
 Irish Tweed is the twelfth of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
 Hetty Feather is a book by best selling author Jacqueline Wilson. It is about a young girl who is abandoned by her mother at the Foundling Hospital as a baby and follows her story as she lives in a foster home before returning to the Foundling Hospital as young child. The book is recommended for ages 9–11 according to Jacqueline Wilson.
 The Mountain Astrologer (TMA) is a bi-monthly English language astrology magazine written for professional astrologers and astrology students of all levels. It was the winner of the 1999 and 2000 Spica Awards for Best Astrology Publication.[citation needed] A review in Library Journal described it as a thoughtful periodical many heads above those found at supermarket checkout lines.The magazine started out as an 8-page newsletter in late 1987.
 Gods Behaving Badly is a novel by the British author Marie Phillips. It was first published by Jonathan Cape in 2007. Set in London it tells the tale of the twelve gods of Mount Olympus living in a rundown flat as their powers wane. It has been selected for The Atlantic's 1Book140 Twitter book club's book of the month for August 2011.
 National Lampoon Presents The Very Large Book of Comical Funnies is an American humor book a book of comic strips that was published in 1975 in paperback as a spin-off of National Lampoon magazine. Although it appears to be a book in reality it was a special issue of the magazine and as such it was sold on newsstands. On the cover it is described as A never before published history of the comics and it is also described as An Adult Comic.
 The Springfield News-Sun is a daily newspaper published in Springfield Ohio by Cox Enterprises which also publishes the Dayton Daily News. Both newspapers contain similar editorial content but tailor their local news coverage to the area served. The News-Sun primarily serves Springfield and Urbana in southwestern Ohio.Springfield’s daily newspaper has been serving residents of Clark and Champaign counties since 1817.
 Fairy Tales is a 1981 book of children's stories written by Monty Python's Terry Jones and illustrated by Michael Foreman with both ink drawings and watercolor paintings.The book tells an assortment of short fantasy tales such as Simple Peter about a boy with a mirror that shows you as others see you and the tale of a little girl who is offered the chance to take a magical trip to Goblin City but spends so long fretting about the trip that eventually the friendly goblin who made the offer takes it back.The tales are told with an irreverent voice and comic nonsense. 
 Casanova is the second novel by English author Andrew Miller released on 3 September 1998 through Sceptre. The novel was relatively well received by reviewers and was shortlisted for an Encore Award in 1999.
 1635: The Eastern Front is a novel by Eric Flint in the 1632 series first published in hardcover by Baen Books in October 2010 with a paperback edition following from the same publisher in November 2011. It is a sequel to 1635: The Tangled Web and is directly continued by 1636: The Saxon Uprising.
 The Holland Sentinel is a newspaper published six days a week in Holland Michigan United States founded in 1896. It is published by GateHouse Media.The newspaper covers most of Ottawa County including Holland Beechwood Ferrysburg Grand Haven and Zeeland as well as northwestern Allegan County Michigan including Douglas and Saugatuck.
 Old Rogaum and His Theresa is a short story written by Theodore Dreiser. It was originally published in Reedy's Mirror on December 12 1901 under the title of Butcher Rogaum's Door. It subsequently appeared in the 1918 volume Free and Other Stories. With this short story Dreiser begins to move from allegory to realism dealing with issues including sexual behavior city life immigrant struggles and the conflicts between children and their parents.
 The Freethinker is a British secular humanist magazine founded by G.W. Foote in 1881. It is the world's oldest surviving freethought publication.It has always taken an unapologetically atheist anti-religious stance.
 Persona: A Biography of Yukio Mishima is a 2012 biography of Yukio Mishima written by Naoki Inose with Hiroaki Sato and published by Stone Bridge Press. It is an expanded adaptation in English of Inose's 1995 Mishima biography Persona: Mishima Yukio den published by Bungeishunjū in Tokyo Japan.
 A.D. Police: Dead End City (Japanese: A.D.POLICE 終焉都市 Hepburn: A.D.POLICE Shuuen Toshi) is a comic book limited series written by Toshimichi Suzuki and illustrated by Tony Takezaki. Its happenings are set between the first and the second part of A.D. Police Files. The story focuses on the members of the A.D. Police an advanced group of officers tasked with stopping terrorist activities and Boomer crimes in the city of Mega Tokyo.
 The Christian Examiner was an American periodical published in the 19th century.Founded in 1813 as The Christian Disciple it was purchased in 1814 by Nathan Hale.
 Luxemburger Wort für Wahrheit und Recht is a Luxembourgish daily newspaper published by Saint-Paul Luxembourg since 23 March 1848. From 17 March 2005 until 22 March 2008 it was renamed as d'Wort although its full title remained d'Wort - Luxemburger Wort für Wahrheit und Recht.
 The Last Ringbearer (Russian: Последний кольценосец) is a 1999 fantasy book by Russian author Kirill Eskov. It is an alternative account of and an informal sequel to the events of J.R.R. Tolkien's trilogy The Lord of the Rings.
 Links (also known as Links Magazine or Links: The Best of Golf in full) is a U.S. bi-monthly golf magazine published by Purcell Enterprises Inc. in Hilton Head Island South Carolina. Links has a mission of bringing the most engaging sophisticated and surprising content to its audience ofpassionate golfers.
 Ananda Vikatan (Tamil: ஆனந்த விகடன்) is the leading Tamil language weekly magazine published from Chennai India.
 For Lust of Knowing: The Orientalists and their Enemies published in the United States under the title Dangerous Knowledge: Orientalism and Its Discontents is a 2006 non-fiction book by British historian Robert Irwin. The book is both a history of the academic discipline of Orientalism and an attack on Edward Said's 1978 book Orientalism. The title of the British version of the book comes from the poem The Golden Journey to Samarkand by James Elroy Flecker.
 Lighting & Sound America is an American entertainment technology magazine published in New York by PLASA Media Inc a commercial arm of the Professional Lighting and Sound Association (PLASA). Lighting & Sound America covers the broad range of the entertainment presentation and events industries worldwide including theatre live touring clubs themed venues corporate events and presentations as well as in-depth profiles of people and companies involved in the lighting and sound industry.
 Proletären (meaning the proletarian; in full Marxist-leninist Proletären) is a Swedish Marxist-Leninist weekly newspaper published by the Communist Party. It was founded in 1970.Circulation is about 3 000 every week of which about a third is sold in the streets.A lot of famous Swedes as Jan Myrdal Peter Birro and Sven Wollter who is a member of the Communist Party have been published in Proletären.
 La Cuarta (The Fourth One) is a Chilean daily tabloid part of the Copesa group. Both in style and content it is the closest the Chilean press comes to old-fashioned British tabloids.The newspaper is famous for its tone and plebeian style of headlining stories. Its first number is November 13 1984One of its main features a weekly insert of nude photographs.
 The Man in the Moon was James Blaylock’s first completed novel however it remained unpublished for decades[citation needed] (having been rewritten and published long before as The Elfin Ship).
 Forgotten Voices of the Great War is a collection of interviews with people who lived through the First World War. The book is part of the Imperial War Museum's oral archive.Author Max Arthur puts the interviews into chronological and campaign order and provides some context about the events that surround the memories.This book has also been dramatised for the stage by the playwright Malcolm McKay.
 Racing Post is a British daily horse racing greyhound racing and sports betting newspaper appearing in print form and online.From 30 May 2011 - 3 July 2011 it had a circulation of 56507.
 The British Museum Is Falling Down (1965) is a comic novel by British author David Lodge about a 25-year-old poverty-stricken student of English literature who rather than work on his thesis (entitled The Structure of Long Sentences in Three Modern English Novels) in the reading room of the British Museum is distracted time and again from his work and who gets into all kinds of trouble instead.
 The Georgetown Law Journal is a student-edited scholarly journal published at Georgetown University Law Center. It is the flagship law review of Georgetown Law.
 The Best of National Lampoon #3 was an American humor book that was published in 1973. The book was an anthology which was special issue of National Lampoon magazine so it was sold on newsstands but was put out in addition to the regular issues of the magazine. The book is a best-of a compilation of pieces that had already been published in the magazine pieces that had been created by regular contributors to National Lampoon.
 The Journal for the Study of the Historical Jesus provides for academic discussion of Jesus within the context of 1st-century Palestine. It is intended to be accessible to a non-scholarly readership who are interested in this field.
 Stanley Park is a novel by Canadian writer Timothy Taylor published in 2001.
 Avakasikal (The Inheritors) is a Malayalam-language novel by Vilasini (M. K. Menon) published in 1980. It runs into 3958 pages in four volumes and is the longest novel written in any Indian language.
 The Pale Criminal is a historical detective novel and the second in the Berlin Noir trilogy of Bernhard Gunther novels written by Philip Kerr.
 The Phoenix Files: Arrival is a Science fiction/Young adult/Adventure written by Australian author Chris Morphew. It was first released in Australia on June 1 2009. In Arrival 15 year-old Luke Hunter and his mother Emily move to Phoenix a town no one has heard of with no cars no phones and no internet. He soon discovers the Shackleton Cooperative the cooperative running town are plotting to end the world in 100 days.
 Duo is a 1934 novel by the French writer Colette. The story focuses on a married couple on vacation in southern France who deal with the fact that the wife has been unfaithful. Roberto Rossellini's 1954 film Journey to Italy is loosely based on the novel but uncredited due to rights issues.
 Vividred Operation (ビビッドレッド・オペレーション Bibiddoreddo Operēshon also written as Vivid Red Operation) is a Japanese anime television series produced by A-1 Pictures and directed by Kazuhiro Takamura. The series aired in Japan between January and March 2013 and is licensed in North America by Aniplex of America. Two manga adaptations have been published by ASCII Media Works. A PlayStation 3 video game adaptation by Bandai Namco Games was released in June 2013.
 Asia Inc. is an international business magazine in Asia with world-wide distribution. Based in Singapore it is primarily focused on Asian business issues. The magazine is a strategic partner of the APEC CEO summit. In addition to articles Asia Inc. periodically publishes rankings of Asian business school MBA programs.
 The Medium is the Massage: An Inventory of Effects is a book co-created by media analyst Marshall McLuhan and graphic designer Quentin Fiore and coordinated by Jerome Agel. It was published by Bantam books in 1967 and became a bestseller with a cult following.The book itself is 160 pages in length and composed in an experimental collage style with text superimposed on visual elements and vice versa. Some pages are printed backwards and are meant to be read in a mirror (see Mirror writing).
 The Grateful Dead Family Album is a photographic music reference book by Jerilyn Lee Brandelius cover art by Stanley Mouse with hundreds of intimate photographs and stories from members of the Grateful Dead and the Dead Family.Grateful Dead band members at the time of publication were Jerry Garcia Bob Weir Phil Lesh Mickey Hart Bill Kreutzmann and Brent Mydland.The book was assembled in an office located in downtown San Rafael California near the Grateful Dead main offices and ticket box office.
 Potomac Review is a bi-annual American literary journal containing fiction poetry nonfiction and photography. Based in Rockville Maryland it features quality stories poems essays and criticism with an eye to the national and world scene but feet firmly planted in the Mid-Atlantic writing culture. The Potomac Review publishes well-known and emerging writers. Writers who have contributed to this journal include Amina Gautier Seth Abramson Jacob M.
 Annals of Clinical Biochemistry is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of clinical biochemistry. The editor-in-chief is Edmund J. Lamb (East Kent Hospitals University NHS Foundation Trust). It was established 1960 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of The Association for Clinical Biochemistry and Laboratory Medicine.
 Strange Happenings: Weird Tales of Science Fiction And the Supernatural is a children's book containing nine short stories compiled and edited by Robert Vitarelli with illustrations by Ben F. Stahl.The book was published by American Education Publications (owned by the Xerox corporation) in 1972.
 The Black Wolf is a horror novel by Galad Elflandsson. It was first published in 1979 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1020 copies. The novel was reprinted in paperback by Centaur Books in 1980.
 Executive Travel magazine was an American bimonthly magazine published in New York City by Time Inc. The magazine launched in May 2002 was published 6 times a year. Geared toward upscale executives the magazine covered relevant topics on business travel and affluent lifestyle.
 The Eastex Advocate is a weekly newspaper circulated in Coldspring Shepherd Oakhurst and other portions of San Jacinto County Texas in the U.S. Published each Wednesday the newspaper is a free publication with a total circulation of 15492.[citation needed]The paper currently runs a very humorous column entitled String Cheese written by Aryn Corley.
 The Venom Business is Michael Crichton's seventh published novel. It was released in 1969 by The World Publishing Company (New York) under the pseudonym of John Lange. Hard Case Crime will republish the novel under Crichton's name on November 19 2013.
 The Missoulian is a daily newspaper printed in Missoula Montana. Its circulation is 75900 on Sundays 66700 on weekdays. The newspaper has been owned by Lee Enterprises since 1959. The Missoulian is the second largest published newspaper in Montana just behind the Billings Gazette. The Missoulian is distributed throughout the city of Missoula Montana and also throughout most of western Montana.
 Health and History is a peer-reviewed academic journal published biannually by the Australian and New Zealand Society of the History of Medicine and covering the history of medicine in Australia and New Zealand. It was established in 1998 and is edited by Hans Pols (University of Sydney).
 Ash is an American comic book character created by Joe Quesada and Jimmy Palmiotti published by Event Comics about a firefighter who gains superpowers from a time-displaced regeneration device from a possible apocalyptic future.Ash is the super-hero alter-ego of fictional firefighter Ashley Quinn. Ash was born from a mysterious incident when Ashley was trapped inside a burning building and hidden inside was a regeneration chamber from the future.
 The Daily Post (Formerly known as the San Francisco Daily) is a free newspaper based in the San Francisco California area.
 Sundome (すんドめ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kazuto Okada. Sundome literally means stopping the moment before in this case referring to being stopped just before ejaculating. Eight volumes have been released in Japan all of which have been translated into English as of December 2010.It was adapted into four live-action films from 2007 to 2009.
 Biologicals is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official journal of the International Alliance for Biological Standardization. The journal covers research on the development production quality control and standardization of biological derived from both novel and established biotechnologies.
 No. 6 is a nine-volume novel series written by Atsuko Asano and published by Kodansha between October 2003 and June 2011. A manga adaptation drawn by Hinoki Kino began serialization in the March 2011 issue of Kodansha's Aria magazine. An anime TV series adaptation by Bones began airing in Japan in July 2011.
 My Name Is Asher Lev is a novel by Chaim Potok an American author and rabbi. The book's protagonist is Asher Lev a Hasidic Jewish boy in New York City. Asher is a loner with artistic inclinations. His art however causes conflicts with his family and other members of his community. The book follows Asher's maturity as both an artist and a Jew.Potok asserted that the conflict between tradition and individualism is constant and that the tension between religion and art is lifelong.
 The Diamond Age: Or A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer is a postcyberpunk novel by Neal Stephenson. It is to some extent a science fiction bildungsroman or coming-of-age story focused on a young girl named Nell and set in a future world in which nanotechnology affects all aspects of life. The novel deals with themes of education social class ethnicity and the nature of artificial intelligence.
 The Bacon Cookbook: More than 150 Recipes from Around the World for Everyone's Favorite Food is a cookbook on bacon by James Villas. It was published by Wiley in 2007. Villas is a former food editor for Town & Country magazine and The Bacon Cookbook is his 15th book on food.
 Santa Olivia is the first novel by Jacqueline Carey in a series that is continued by Saints Astray.
 Timecop was a story in the anthology comic Dark Horse Comics and a two issue comic book adaptation of the eponymous film published along with the film's release in September 1994. The film and its sequel were both written by Mike Richardson the founder and publisher of Dark Horse Comics. His company published the adaptations which were themselves written by Mark Verheiden and drawn by Ron Randall. The film also spawned a Timecop TV series in 1997 and a video game in 1995.
 The Review of Philosophy and Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer that focuses on philosophical and foundational issues in cognitive science. The journal is hosted at the Jean Nicod Institute (Paris) a research center of the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS).
 The Natural History of Alcoholism Revisited (1995) is a book by psychiatrist George E. Vaillant that describes two multi-decade studies of the lives of 600 American males non-alcoholics at the outset focusing on their lifelong drinking behaviours. By following the men from youth to old age it was possible to chart their drinking patterns and what factors may have contributed to alcoholism. Another study followed 100 severe alcoholics from a clinic eight years after their detoxification.
 ...And Some Were Human is a collection of science fiction short stories by author Lester del Rey. The collection was first published in 1948 by Prime Press in an edition of 3050 copies of which 50 were specially bound slipcased and signed by the author. The stories first appeared in the magazines Astounding and Unknown.
 The Heaven Shop is a novel by Canadian author Deborah Ellis about HIV/AIDS orphans. The story is set in Malawi (although the most of the characters names are not originally Malawian) and the novel was written to dispel myths about HIV/AIDS and celebrate the courage of child sufferers in Malawi. It was published by Fitzhenry and Whiteside in 2004.Royalties from The Heaven Shop were donated to UNICEF.
 Every Third Thought: A Novel in Five Seasons is a novel by American writer John Barth published in 2011.The book is narrated by retired creative writing professor George Newett who lives with his poet wife Amanda Todd. The couple are living in a cramped rental while deciding what to do after the destruction of their Heron Bay Estates home as depicted in Barth's previous book The Development. As the book opens the two are planning a trip to Shakespeare's birthplace.
 Thermae Romae (テルマエ・ロマエ Terumae Romae) styled as Thermæ Romæ is a Japanese manga series by Mari Yamazaki. It won the third Manga Taishō and the Short Story Award at the 14th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize. The manga has been licensed in North America by Yen Press. Fuji TV produced a live-action film adaptation and released on April 28 2012. A second film was released in 2014. An anime television adaptation by DLE Inc. aired in Japan on Fuji TV's Noitamina block in January 2012.
 The Mysteries of Harris Burdick is a 1984 picture book by the American author Chris Van Allsburg consisting of a series of seemingly unrelated highly detailed images in Van Allsburg's distinctive style. Each image is accompanied by a title and a single line of text which compel readers to create their own stories.
 Not So Quiet: Stepdaughters of War was published in 1930 by Evadne Price using the pseudonym Helen Zenna Smith. The semi-biographical account of an ambulance driver provides female insight to the horrors of World War I. Not So Quiet criticises nationalism masculinity in women and the social physical and psychological effects of the war upon England's youth.Price was originally asked by her publisher to compose a spoof of All Quiet on the Western Front by Erich Maria Remarque.
 The Twelfth Card is the sixth Lincoln Rhyme mystery novel by Jeffery Deaver. It was published in 2005.
 Thus Spoke Zarathustra: A Book for All and None (German: Also sprach Zarathustra: Ein Buch für Alle und Keinen also translated as Thus Spake Zarathustra) is a philosophical novel by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche composed in four parts between 1883 and 1885. Much of the work deals with ideas such as the eternal recurrence of the same the parable on the death of God and the prophecy of the Übermensch which were first introduced in The Gay Science.
 Ram-Rahim as the first and most popular characters to appear on Manoj Comics a popular comics strip in India. Ram and Rahim were two different characters playing role of secret agents.Children used to wait for summer holidays in the late 80s and early 90s for special editions of Ram-Rahim's and Crookbond's comics during summer holidays.Ram-Rahims' Dracula episodes are considered best by its fans.
 Ethnic and Racial Studies is a peer-reviewed social science academic journal that publishes scholarly articles and book reviews on anthropology cultural studies ethnicity and race and sociology. The editors-in-chief are Martin Bulmer (University of Surrey) and John Solomos (University of Warwick).
 The Death of Jack Hamilton is a short story by Stephen King. It was originally published in the December 24/31 2001 issue of The New Yorker magazine. In 2002 it was published in King's collection Everything's Eventual. This true crime story is based on the death of a member of the John Dillinger's first gang.
 Ben Jonson Journal is a biannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press in May and November of each year. It was established in 1993. It covers the study of Ben Jonson and the culture in which his literary efforts thrived.
 The Looking Glass Wars is a series of novels by Frank Beddor heavily inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. The basic premise is that the two books written by Lewis Carroll are a distortion of the 'true story' portrayed in these novels.
 Stars and Stripes is an American newspaper that reports on matters affecting the members of the United States Armed Forces. It operates from inside the Department of Defense but is editorially separate from it and its First Amendment protection is safeguarded by the United States Congress to whom an independent ombudsman who serves the readers' interests regularly reports.
 Āyandah (The Future) is a Persian academic journal of Iranian studies established in 1925 by Mahmood Afshar. According to the OACIS for the Middle East volumes 1-3 span 1925-1929 and volumes 5-19 cover 1979-1993/94. Iraj Afshar was the editor of the publication for the fifteen years between 1979-1993.[citation needed]
 The Littles is a series of children's novels by American author John Peterson the first of which was published in 1967. Peterson's books were adapted into the The Littles animated series by DIC Entertainment 16 years later. In 1985 an animated feature film called Here Come the Littles was released.
 Lady of the Glen: A Novel of 17th-Century Scotland and the Massacre of Glencoe is a 1996 historical fiction novel by American author Jennifer Roberson. It is a re-telling of the 1692 Massacre of Glencoe and focuses on a romantic relationship between Catriona of Clan Campbell and Alasdair Og MacDonald of Clan Donald each from rival clans.Roberson was inspired to write the novel after learning of the massacre in a British History class and waited 25 years until she felt ready to tell it.
 The Tribe of Witches: The Religion of the Dobunni and Hwicce is a historical and archaeological study of pre-Christian religion among the Iron Age Dobunni and the Early Medieval Hwicce two tribal groups who lived in central England. It was written by the archaeologist Stephen J. Yeates and published by Oxbow Books in 2008.
 Davidsonia is a scientific journal of botanical garden science published by the University of British Columbia Botanical Garden. It specializes in the botanical natural history of the Pacific North West and horticultural and plant conservation issues. It is named after John Davidson a botanical pioneer in British Columbia and has no connection to the plant genus Davidsonia named after the unrelated botanist J. E. Davidson. The editor-in-chief is Iain Taylor.
 The Asia-Pacific Journal: Japan Focus founded in 2002 as Japan Focus is an open access peer reviewed journal of contemporary affairs which explores the forces shaping the Asia-Pacific region and the world. Published weekly its coverage spans geopolitics history economics society culture and international relations. It also offers translations of articles from Japanese Chinese and Korean.As of December 2012 the journal had published more than 2000 articles.
 Radio Times is a British weekly television and radio programme listings magazine founded and originally published in-house by BBC Magazines from 1923 to 2011 when the BBC Magazines division was merged into Immediate Media Company.
 The Face of the Waters is a science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg first published in 1991.
 Theatre Topics is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1991. It is an official publication of the Association for Theatre in Higher Education. The journal covers theater arts with a focus on performance studies dramaturgy and theater pedagogy. It is intended to inform readers of notable trends on-stage and in performing arts education. The editor-in-chief is James Peck (Muhlenberg College).
 The Wonderful Flight to the Mushroom Planet is a science fiction/fantasy children's novel written by Eleanor Cameron in 1954. It is set in a beach community in California as well as on a tiny habitable moon Basidium in an invisible orbit 50000 miles from Earth. The Mushroom Planet visited by the protagonists David and Chuck is covered in various types of mushrooms and is populated by little green people who are in a state of distress.
 Just as Long as We're Together is a young adult novel written by Judy Blume and published in 1987. It is a companion book to Here's to You Rachel Robinson.The novel is narrated by Stephanie 'Steph' Hirsch who has several changes in her life happening at the same time.
 The Australasian Journal of Bone & Joint Medicine (originally titled the Australasian Journal of Musculoskeletal Medicine) was a periodical presented in the style of a scientific journal published by Elsevier but established and funded by pharmaceutical company Merck. Publication began in 2002 and the last known issue appeared in 2005.
 Orochi: Blood (おろち) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kazuo Umezu. It was published in English by Viz Media. It was adapted into a live action film in 2008.
 Vampirates: Tide of Terror a novel by British author Justin Somper is the sequel to Demons of the Ocean. It is the second in the Vampirates series.
 City of the Rats is the third book in the eight-volume Deltora Quest series written by Emily Rodda. It continues the trio's journey to find the seven missing gems of Deltora braving dangers and guardians in each book.
 The Positronic Man (1992) is a novel co-written by Isaac Asimov and Robert Silverberg based on Asimov's novella The Bicentennial Man.It tells of a robot that begins to display characteristics such as creativity traditionally the province of humans; the robot is ultimately declared an official human being.The film Bicentennial Man starring Robin Williams was based both on the original novella and this novel.
 The Very Thought of You is a 2009 novel by film producer Rosie Alison. Set on the brink of World War II the novel centres on eight-year-old Anna Sands a child relocated to a Yorkshire estate. She is quickly drawn into the lives of the couple who have set up their estate as a school.It was nominated for the 2010 Orange Prize for Fiction.
 Respiratory Research is an open access peer-reviewed medical journal published by BioMed Central. It covers all aspects of respiratory disease including clinical and basic research. The journal publishes research articles commentaries letters to the editor and reviews.
 Floyd County Times is a twice-weekly newspaper (published on Wednesday and Friday) based in Prestonsburg Kentucky covering Floyd County Kentucky.
 Vivekodayam ('Dawn of wisdom') is a Malayalam literary journal established in 1904 to serve as a voice of the underprivileged communities in the Indian state of Kerala (particularly the Ezhavas who were regarded as untouchables). It was founded by Kumaran Asan a poet social reformer disciple of Narayana Guru and founder-secretary of the associated SNDP Yogam who was inspired by the teachings of Swami Vivekananda (The journal name was a tribute to him.)
 Tiger by the Tail and Other Science Fiction Stories is the first collection of short works by Alan E. Nourse issued in hardcover by publisher Donald McKay in 1961. It was reprinted in paperback by MacFadden Books in 1964 and 1968. A British hardcover edition was published by Dennis Dobson in 1962 with a paperback reprint retitled Beyond Infinity following from Corgi Books in 1964.
 Long Day's Journey into Night is a drama in four acts written by American playwright Eugene O'Neill in 1941–42 but only published in 1956. The play is widely considered to be his masterwork. O'Neill posthumously received the 1957 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the work.
 Shōnen to Inu (少年と犬) is a Japanese manga written by Akira Itō and illustrated by Yoshihiro Takahashi. The manga was re-issued in 2001 under the name Ginga no Inutachi [Shōnen to Inu] Remix (銀牙の犬たち [少年と犬] リミックス). It has six different stories about six different dog breeds: Golden Retriever Shiba Inu Siberian Husky German Shepherd Labrador Retriever and Great Pyrenees. All stories are mostly about the relationships between the dogs and a boy or a young man.
 The Traverse City Record-Eagle is a daily morning newspaper based in Traverse City Michigan. It calls itself Northern Michigan's Newspaper. and is the newspaper of record for Grand Traverse County.The newspaper formerly was owned by Dow Jones & Company also publishers of the Wall Street Journal.
 Bitch is an independent quarterly magazine published in Portland Oregon. Its tagline is feminist response to pop culture. Bitch is published by the multimedia non-profit organization Bitch Media. The magazine includes analysis of current political events social and cultural trends television shows movies books music advertising and artwork from a feminist perspective and has about 50000 readers.
 The Temple of Dawn (暁の寺 Akatsuki no Tera) is the third novel in the Sea of Fertility tetralogy by the Japanese writer Yukio Mishima. For this as for the other novels in the series Mishima travelled to various places to conduct research including Wat Arun in Bangkok Thailand.
 Alchemical Studies is Volume 13 in The Collected Works of C. G. Jung a series of books published by Princeton University Press in the U.S. and Routledge & Kegan Paul in the U.K. It consists of five long essays that trace Jung's developing interest in alchemy from 1929 onward.
 The Bendigo Advertiser (commonly referred to as The Addy) is the daily (Monday–Saturday) newspaper for Bendigo and is published by Fairfax Media.First published in 1853 the Bendigo Advertiser has undergone many changes since its inception including a move to tabloid form and a change in name from The Bendigo Advertiser to just The Advertiser.
 The Viscount of Adrilankha is a fantasy novel published in three volumes and written by Steven Brust. Collectively the three books form the third novel in the Khaavren Romances series. The novels are heavily influenced by the d'Artagnan Romances written by Alexandre Dumas and Brust considers the series an homage to that author.
 Windswept House: A Vatican Novel is a novel by Roman Catholic priest and theologian Malachi Martin. The book charts the turmoil within the Catholic faith and within Vatican City.
 The Sheaf is a student run newspaper serving the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon Saskatchewan since 1912. A new issue comes out every Thursday with approximately 9000 copies per issue.The Sheaf is a student-run non-profit organization. It receives part of its operating budget from U of S students in the form of a direct-levy; the remainder of the revenue is generated through advertising.
 Põhjarannik is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 The Primal Scream. Primal Therapy: The Cure for Neurosis is a 1970 book by Arthur Janov the inventor of Primal therapy.
 The International Journal of Sexuality and Gender Studies was a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal. Prior to year 2000 (volume 5) this journal was published as the Journal of Gay Lesbian and Bisexual Identity. It ceased publication after the October 2002 issue.
 Prospect is a monthly British general interest magazine specialising in politics economics and current affairs. Topics include British European and US politics social issues art literature cinema science the media history philosophy and psychology.
 Asian Politics & Policy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization and the Center for Asian Politics and Policy. The journal was established in 2009. The current editor-in-chief is Aileen S.P. Baviera (University of the Philippines).
 The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend is a fantasy novel first published in 1993 and was written by British author David Gemmell. The novel is a prequel to the popular title Legend. The novel details the early life and events of the character Druss it is followed by The Legend of Deathwalker which deals with later events in his life between this book and the events in Legend.
 Neither Man nor Beast is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 Titans/Young Justice: Graduation Day was a three-part comic book limited series published by DC Comics. It was written by Judd Winick and illustrated by Ale Garza (pencils) and Trevor Scott (inks).
 Arab Times is the first English-language newspaper published in independent Kuwait.
 Ériu is an academic journal of Irish language studies. It was established in 1904 as the journal of the School of Irish Learning in Dublin. When the school was incorporated into the Royal Irish Academy in 1926 the academy continued publication of the journal in the same format and with the same title. Originally the journal was published in two parts annually together making a volume but parts slipped further apart after Volume III. Articles are written in either Irish or English.
 Urban Land is a magazine published by the Urban Land Institute (ULI). It is published 6 times a year and is headquartered in Washington D.C. Urban Land's articles cover a wide range of international topics while concentrating on the needs of professionals in the real estate development and land use industry.
 Pearl-Maiden: A Tale of the Fall of Jerusalem is a novel by H Rider Haggard.
 Mastiff is the third novel in Tamora Pierce's Provost's Dog trilogy about a young Provost guard-woman in a fantasy kingdom called Tortall.
 Riptide is a series of short story anthologies published by Dirt Pie Press based within the University of Exeter. The founding editors are Ginny Baily and Sally Flint. The journal includes submissions from writers that are both previously published and unpublished. Notable authors whose work has appeared in previous editions include Michael Morpurgo Helen Dunmore and Philip Hensher.
 Of Matters Great and Small is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It was the eleventh of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction although it also includes one essay from Science Digest. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1975.
 The Tyrant is a 2008 novel by British writer Ryan A. Murray. It chronicles the actions of a secret cabal of heroes fighting to save the world from a malevolent enemy beyond space and time.
 Intrigue and Love sometimes Love and Intrigue Love and Politics or Luise Miller (German: Kabale und Liebe literally Cabals and Love) is a five-act play written by the German dramatist Friedrich Schiller (1759–1805). It was his third play and shows how cabals and their intrigue destroy the love between Ferdinand von Walter a nobleman's son and Luise Miller daughter of a middle-class musician.
 The Virginian-Pilot (commonly called The Pilot) is a daily newspaper based in Norfolk Virginia and serving the Hampton Roads metropolitan area southeastern Virginia the Eastern Shore of Virginia and northeastern North Carolina. The flagship property of Landmark Media Enterprises The Pilot is Virginia's largest daily metro paper. It is sometimes erroneously called The VIRGINIA Pilot.
 Development is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of developmental biology that covers cellular and molecular mechanisms of animal and plant development. Topics covered include stem cells and nuclear reprogramming regional specification morphogenesis organogenesis evolution of the developmental process and developmental studies of disease.
 DNA is an Australian monthly magazine targeted at the gay male audience. The magazine features stories celebrity profiles pop culture reviews fashion tips/reviews grooming tips and photography. The magazine is available at most newsagencies in Australia as well as larger book stores. Launched in Australia in 2000 the magazine is now available in many countries including Canada the United States New Zealand United Kingdom and several other countries in Europe.
 The Great Time Machine Hoax is a science fiction novel by Keith Laumer an expansion of his novelette serialized in Fantastic Magazine under the title of A Hoax in Time from June–August 1963. For the novel version Laumer altered the framing story rearranged the order of the narrative and added a section not found in the earlier version. The book was originally published in hardcover by Simon and Schuster in September 1964 and in paperback by Pocket Books in August 1965.
 The War With Mr. Wizzle is the fourth installment in the Macdonald Hall Series. Like all the other books this one was republished in 2003 with new cover art and title (The Wizzle War). However because the book deals largely with technological advancements and talks about computers and software it had to be rewritten and updated to match how abundant technology is today. For instance in the 1982 version the character Mr.
 The Enemies of Jupiter is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published on 6 November 2003 by Orion Books. It is the seventh book of the Roman Mysteries series.
 Collected Stories is a play by Donald Margulies which premiered at South Coast Repertory in 1996.It premiered on Broadway in a limited engagement production by the Manhattan Theatre Club with previews having started April 9 2010 opening April 28 2010 through June 2010. This production of the two character play stars Linda Lavin and Sarah Paulson with direction by Lynn Meadow scenic design by Santo Loquasto costume design by Jane Greenwood and lighting design by Natasha Katz.
 For the Jeffrey Shaara novel see The Last Full Measure (novel).Last Full Measure is a Star Trek: Enterprise relaunch novel which was released on 25 April 2006.
 Pig Heart Boy is a children's novel by Malorie Blackman which was first published in 1997. It was shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal. The novel was adapted into a television series which was broadcast by the BBC in 1999.
 Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 2 is the second installment in the Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology series. Originally published in hardcover as Alfred Hitchcock's Tales to Take Your Breath Away in 1977 this issue contains 29 stories from Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine that by the editors were believed to be the best published the preceding year (1977).
 The UnDutchables is a term originally coined by author Colin White who together with author Laurie Boucke wrote a book with the same title. The complete title is: The UnDutchables: an observation of the Netherlands its culture and its inhabitants. The book was first published in 1989 has been a best-seller in the Netherlands since 1990 and is also popular in North America the United Kingdom Australia and former Dutch colonies. To remain current it is updated every 2–4 years.
 The Economical Environmentalist is a book by Prashant Vaze about the effects of climate change and what practical measures can be taken to reduce the amount of energy one consumes.
 Odayil Ninnu (From the Gutter) is a Malayalam novel written by P. Kesavadev in 1942. The protagonist of the novel is a rickshaw-puller named Pappu. The novel is one of the best known works of Kesavadev. Dev was in the forefront among the writers who employed new norms in the content and characterization in Malayalam fiction.
 Queen of the Falls is a 2011 fiction novel by children's writer Chris Van Allsburg.
 Sign of the Unicorn is the third book in the Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny. It was first published in serial format in Galaxy Science Fiction.
 Summer of the Aliens is a semi-autobiographical 1990s play written by Louis Nowra. The play is an often humorous unsentimental coming-of-age story about a 14-year-old boy Lewis who is obsessed with flying saucers UFO abductions and imagines aliens are invading the earth.It was first written as a radio play and won the 1990 Prix Italia for Fiction (as an ABC radio play). It was first broadcast on 30 October 1989. Louis Nowra adapted it for the stage.
 Made in Heaven is a 2-volume manga by Ami Sakurai published in 2007. It is licensed in North America by Tokyopop (who released it in two parts) and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
 The Journal of Educational Measurement is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the National Council on Measurement in Education. The journal was established in 1964. Its current editor-in-chief is Brian E. Clauser (National Board of Medical Examiners). The journal publishes original educational measurement research provides reviews of measurement publications and reports on innovative measurement applications.
 Mary Barton is the first novel by English author Elizabeth Gaskell published in 1848. The story is set in the English city of Manchester between 1839 and 1842 and deals with the difficulties faced by the Victorian lower class. It is subtitled 'A Tale of Manchester Life'.
 Sisters is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in February 2007. The book is Steel's seventy-first novel.
 From Threshold to Threshold (German: Von Schwelle zu Schwelle) is a 1955 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan.
 Partners in Crime is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published by Dodd Mead and Company in the US in 1929 and in the UK by William Collins & Sons on 16 September of the same year. The US edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6).
 The Times Higher Education World University Rankings (or THE World University Rankings) are annual world university rankings published by the British magazine Times Higher Education (THE) with data supplied by Thomson Reuters that provides citation database information. They include both the overall and the subject rankings.
 The Last Hurrah is a 1956 novel written by Edwin O'Connor. It is considered the most popular of O’Connor's works partly because of a significant 1958 movie adaptation starring Spencer Tracy. The novel was immediately a bestseller in the United States for 20 weeks and was also on lists for bestseller of that year. The Last Hurrah won the 1955 Atlantic Prize Novel award and was highlighted by the Book-of-the-Month Club and Reader's Digest.
 Missing is a series of Japanese light novels by Gakuto Coda published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko label. The first novel in the series was adapted into a manga which is being released in English by Tokyopop since August 2007 along with the novels since November 2007. Missing is a modern fantasy and horror series involving five high school students dealing with a series of supernatural events. It is based heavily on research into actual folklore magic and human psychology.
 A Good Year is a 2004 novel by English writer Peter Mayle author of A Year in Provence and Chasing Cézanne. The story follows Max Skinner a London stockbroker who loses his job before finding out that he inherited a vineyard in France from his late uncle Henry.The idea for the book emerged from discussions Mayle had with his Provence neighbour director Ridley Scott who had interest in a cross-cultural fish-out-of-water comedy about an Englishman transplanted to Provence.
 Restoree (1967) is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and her first book published.It is the story of a young woman who survives being abducted by aliens and finds a new life on another planet.Betty Ballantine edited Restoree which initiated a long relationship between McCaffrey and Ballantine Books or later its science fiction imprint Del Rey.
 Okami-san (おかみさん lit. The Manageress) is a Japanese sports manga by Ichimaru about a woman who becomes the manager of a stable of sumo wrestlers. It was published by Shogakukan in Big Comic Original from 1990 to 1999 and collected in seventeen tankōbon volumes. It received the 1993 Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
 Red White and Blue Paradise: The American Canal in Panama (ISBN 0-151-76135-7) is a history of the Panama Canal Zone by Herbert and Mary Knapp.It is at once an intellectual history of the Canal Zone and its host Republic and an account of the authors' own reluctant emergence from a fashionable contempt for the Zonians.
 Native Son (1940) is a novel by American author Richard Wright. The novel tells the story of 20-year-old Bigger Thomas a black American youth living in utter poverty. Bigger lived in a poor area on Chicago's South Side in the 1930s.While not apologizing for Bigger's crimes Wright portrays a systemic inevitability behind them.
 Eternity SF also known as Eternity Science Fiction and Eternity was a semi-professional science fiction magazine published by Stephen Gregg out of Sandy Springs South Carolina. The magazine was issued from 1972–1975 and was briefly revived from 1979-1980. It contained stories from famous writers such as Orson Scott Card Glen Cook Philip K. Dick and Roger Zelazny.
 American Caesar: Douglas MacArthur 1880-1964 is a 1978 biography of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur by American historian William Manchester. It was made into a documentary series in 1983 hosted by John Huston.Manchester paints a sympathetic but balanced portrait of MacArthur praising the general for his military genius administrative skill and personal bravery while criticizing his vanity paranoia and tendency toward insubordination.
 Recorder and Randsell (リコーダーとランドセル Rikōdā to Randoseru lit. Recorder and Backpack) is a yonkoma manga series by Meme Higashiya. It follows the lives of two siblings; Atsushi an elementary school boy with the appearance of an adult and Atsumi a high school girl with the appearance of a young child. An anime adaptation by Seven aired from January 5 2012 to June 27 2012 with another season to air in July 2013.
 Helen (Ancient Greek: Ἑλένη Helenē) is a drama by Euripides about Helen first produced in 412 BC for the Dionysia in a trilogy that also contained Euripides lost Andromeda. The play shares much in common with another of Euripides' works Iphigenia in Tauris.
 Dusty Answer is English author Rosamond Lehmann's first novel published in 1927. She sent it unsolicited to publishers Chatto & Windus who agreed to publish it saying it showed 'decided quality'.
 Shenandoah: The Washington and Lee Review is a major literary magazine published by Washington and Lee University.
 'The Book of Mirdad' is an allegorical book of philosophy by Lebanese author Mikha'il Na'ima. The book was first published in Lebanon in 1948 and was initially written in English with Na'ima later translating it into Arabic. Na'ima initially sought to have the book published in London where it was rejected for [advancing] a religion with 'a new dogma'.In 1973 the book was adapted into a three act play by Padukone Ramanand.
 Passage is a science fiction novel by Connie Willis published in 2001. The novel won the Locus Award for Best Novel in 2002 was shortlisted for the Nebula Award in 2001 and received nominations for the Hugo Campbell and Clarke Awards in 2002.Passage follows the efforts of Joanna Lander a research psychologist to understand the phenomenon of near-death experiences (or NDEs) by interviewing hospital patients after they are revived following clinical death. Her work with Dr.
 Live Flesh is a psychological thriller by British author Ruth Rendell published in 1986. It won the Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger for best crime novel of the year. It was adapted into a film of the same name by Pedro Almodóvar.
 New Adventures of Alice is a novel by John Rae written in 1917 and published by P. F. Volland of Chicago. It is according to Carolyn Sigler one of the more important Alice imitations or novels inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice books.The book opens with a little girl Betsy wishing for another Alice book. She passes into a dream and finds in the attic a book which begins with Alice reading Mother Goose rhymes to her kittens leading to further adventures.
 For the 1999 film see The Trench (film)This is also the title of a 1991 book by Abdul Rahman Munif.The Trench is a 1999 science fiction novel by author Steve Alten. The book continues the adventure of Jonas Taylor a paleobiologist studying the megalodon.
 Three in Love (3人で愛しあいましょ? Sannin de Koishi Aimashou? lit. Love Among Three People?) is a shōjo manga written by Shioko Mizuki and published by Akita Shoten. In December 2007 Go! Comi announced their license of Three in Love at the annual New York Anime Festival; volume 1 was released in July 2008.
 Buzz about Bees is a 2013 non-fiction book for ages 7+ by Kari-Lynn Winters published by Fitzhenry & Whiteside. An award-winning entry in the publisher's nature series following Lowdown on Earthworms it introduces children to concepts of endangered species the unique role bees play in the ecosystem and their relationship with humans.
 The Altoona Herald-Mitchellville Index is the weekly newspaper of Altoona Iowa and the surrounding area.
 The Devil's Notebook is a 1992 book by Anton LaVey. The first original collection of LaVey's writings in two decades it was published by Feral House.The book contains forty-one essays each lined with the collected wisdom humor and dark observations of the founder of the Church of Satan.
 The Woman in White is Wilkie Collins' fifth published novel written in 1859. It is considered to be among the first mystery novels and is widely regarded as one of the first (and finest) in the genre of sensation novels.The story is sometimes considered an early example of detective fiction with the hero Walter Hartright employing many of the sleuthing techniques of later private detectives.
 The Ginger Cat and Other Lost Plays is a collection of plays by Anglo-Irish fantasy writer Lord Dunsany edited and with an introduction by Darrell Schweitzer. It was first published in hardcover and paperback by Wildside Press in 2005.The collection includes three of Dunsany's more obscure plays only two of them previously acted and only one previously published. The Ginger Cat a comedy in production in summer 1914 was canceled at the outbreak of World War I.
 The Outsider is a non-fiction book by Colin Wilson first published in 1956.Through the works and lives of various artists – including H. G. Wells (Mind at the End of its Tether) Franz Kafka Albert Camus Jean-Paul Sartre T. S. Eliot Ernest Hemingway Harley Granville-Barker (The Secret Life) Hermann Hesse T. E. Lawrence Vincent van Gogh Vaslav Nijinsky George Bernard Shaw William Blake Friedrich Nietzsche Fyodor Dostoevsky and G. I.
 Test of the Twins is a fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman. It is the third and final book in the Dragonlance Legends which along with the Dragonlance Chronicles are considered the core Dragonlance novels. The novel appeared on the NY Times Best Seller list.
 The European Journal of Cancer Care is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on multiprofessional cancer care. The editor-in-chief is David Weller (physician) James Mackenzie Professor of General Practice University of Edinburgh UK. The journal was established in 1992.
 The Kyunghyang Shinmun or Kyonghyang Sinmun is a major daily newspaper published in South Korea. It is based in Seoul. The name literally means Urbi et Orbi Daily News.
 Stargazer is a fantasy novel by Claudia Gray released in 2009. It is the second part of the Evernight series following Evernight. It is followed by the third book in the series Hourglass.
 A Little Raw on Monday Mornings is an adult novel published by popular young adult author Robert Cormier in 1963.
 Nature is a prominent interdisciplinary scientific journal. It was first published on 4 November 1869.
 The Australian Journal of Primary Health is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by CSIRO Publishing. It was established in 1995 as the Australian Journal of Primary Health Interchange and obtained its current name in 2001. The editors-in-chief are Rae Walker and Libby Kalucy.
 The Haifa Law Review (Hebrew: דין ודברים Din U’Dvarim) is a peer-reviewed law review with an interdisciplinary orientation published by the University of Haifa Faculty of Law. It was established in 2004 by Sandy Kedar who served as its first editor-in-chief. It is currently edited by Ronen Perry. The editor-in-chief is always a faculty member whereas the editorial board consists of 10-15 law students.
 Save Me from Myself: How I Found God Quit Korn Kicked Drugs and Lived to Tell My Story is the autobiography of Korn guitarist Brian Head Welch. It chronicles his life from childhood to his days with Korn his addiction to drugs his embrace of a life of living for God and the beginning of his solo career. In the U.S. the hardcover was published on July 1 2007 and the paperback on June 24 2008 (HarperOne).
 The Water's Lovely is a 2006 novel by British writer Ruth Rendell not part of her Inspector Wexford series.
 Reinventing Gravity: A Scientist Goes Beyond Einstein is a science text by John W. Moffat which explains his controversial theory of gravity.
 Cosmic Odyssey is an American science fiction comics mini-series first published in 1988 by DC Comics. It was a four-issue limited series written by Jim Starlin penciled by Mike Mignola and lettered by John Workman. The story tells a story spanning the DC Universe involving a wide variety of major characters including Superman Batman and the New Gods.The series comprised four 48-page prestige format comic books.
 Che'r Cycle (2009) is a Bangladeshii Bengalidrama written by Mamunur Rashid directed by Faiz Zahir staged by Bangla Theatre from Dhakaas a tribute to Che Guevara.
 Echoes of Valor II is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Karl Edward Wagner. It was first published in hardcover by Tor Books in August 1989. Tor subsequently issued a trade paperback edition in 1993.The book collects nine classic fantasy short stories by various authors along with associated commentary by the editor and personages associated with the stories.
 The Changing Land is a Locus Award nominated fantasy novel written by Roger Zelazny first published in 1981. The novel resolves the storyline from the various Dilvish the Damned short stories (collected in 1982 as Dilvish the Damned.)Elements of the story intentionally reflect the work of H. P. Lovecraft and Frank Belknap Long including the Hounds of Tindalos here called the Hounds of Thandalos and the appearance of the Old Gods.
 The Finding of Moses is a poem by the Irish street poet Zozimus (b. circa 1794 - d. 3 April 1846). It describes in broad Dublin dialect the Finding of Moses an event in the early life of Moses recorded in the Old Testament.
 Ojīchan wa Shōnen Tantei (おじいちゃんは少年探偵) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Inoue Yoshihisa.
 The New Tenant (French: Le Nouveau Locataire) is a play written by Eugène Ionesco in 1955. The central image is common to many Ionesco plays: something accumulates on stage and overwhelms the characters. In this case its furniture. The main characters are a gentleman a caretaker and two movers. The caretaker talks as the gentleman the new tenant of the title directs the two movers who continuously bring in furniture.
 Smoky the Cowhorse is a novel by Will James that was the winner of the 1927 Newbery Medal.
 Devil Bones is the eleventh novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 The Julesburg Advocate is a Weekly newspaper in Julesburg Colorado. It is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing a unit of MediaNews Group.
 The Road to Serfdom is a book written by the Austrian-born economist and philosopher Friedrich von Hayek (1899–1992) between 1940–1943 in which he warned of the danger of tyranny that inevitably results from government control of economic decision-making through central planning and in which he argues that the abandonment of individualism and classical liberalism inevitably leads to a loss of freedom the creation of an oppressive society the tyranny of a dictator and the serfdom of the individual. 
 Fermi and Frost is a science fiction short story by Frederik Pohl first published in the January 1985 issue of Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1986.
 Dunc Breaks the Record is the sixth novel in the Culpepper Adventures series by Gary Paulsen. It is about Dunc and Amos who while hang gilding they manage to crash into the wilderness. It was published on October 1 1992 by Dell Publishing.
 The Firework-Maker's Daughter is a short children's novel by Philip Pullman. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Doubleday in 1995. The first UK edition was illustrated by Nick Harris; a subsequent edition published in the United States was illustrated by S. Saelig Gallagher.Pullman originally wrote the story as a school play and the novel was in turn adapted into a play.
 Otis Spofford is a 1953 children's novel by Beverly Cleary.The story revolves around the antics of the titular character a precocious fourth-grader with a knack for getting into trouble. Otis lives with his mother who is often absent from the household due to teaching classes at her dance school and therefore Otis is required to entertain himself by stirring up a little excitement.
 North of Khyber is an El Borak short story by Robert E. Howard. It was not published within Howard's lifetime - it was first printed in the chapbook North of Khyber (December 1987). The story also features another of Howard's characters The Sonora Kid.
 Human Resources for Health is a peer-reviewed open-access public health journal publishing original research and case studies on issues of information planning production management and governance of the health workforce and their links with health care delivery and health outcomes particularly as related to global health.
 The Gainesville Sun (ISSN 0163-4925) is a newspaper published daily in Gainesville Florida United States covering the North-Central portion of the state. It is owned by Halifax Media Group. The paper is published by James E. Doughton the paper's Executive Editor is Doug Ray and the editorial page editor is Nathan Crabbe.
 Bullet is the nineteenth book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton. It debuted at #2 on the New York Times Hardcover Fiction Best Seller List.
 Based on a true story Bai T. Moore's Murder in the Cassava Patch is Liberia's best-known novel. Published by Ducor Publishing House (Monrovia) in 1968 it remains required reading for every Liberian high school student and is widely regarded as the one real Liberian literary classic in a very small literary tradition.
 Bhavartha Ratnakara was formerly a little-known Sanskrit treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology which is believed to have been written by Ramanuja it had for a very long time remained confined mainly to the southern parts of India.
 Economic and Industrial Democracy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of social sciences with a particular focus on industrial relations and organization of the workplace and economic life. The journal was established in 1980 and is published by SAGE Publications in association with the Department of Economic History of Uppsala University.
 Those Who Trespass: A Novel of Television and Murder (ISBN 0-7679-1381-7) is a 1998 novel by US television personality Bill O'Reilly. The story focuses on the revenge a television journalist exacts on network staff after disputes very similar to O'Reilly's real tensions with CBS (such as one involving Falklands War footage).
 The Heroic Legend of Arslan (アルスラーン戦記 Arusurān Senki) is a Japanese fantasy novel series. The author Yoshiki Tanaka started writing Arslan in 1986 and is still writing it as of 2008 with the current number of books at 13 novels and one side story in the official guidebook Arslan senki tokuhon. It was made into a manga (which went ahead and came up with an ending on its own) two anime films and a four-part unfinished anime OVA.
 Frontiers in Bioscience is a peer reviewed academic journal. The Frontiers in Bioscience usually referred to as Front Biosci is the official journal of the Frontiers in Bioscience (FBS). FBS is important scientific journal that printed its first issue in 1996 and continues to publish highly cited research articles reviews books letters and databases. Coverage in FBS broadly spans all biological and medical sciences.
 Xiccarph is a collection of fantasy short stories by Clark Ashton Smith edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the forty-first volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in February 1972. It was the third themed collection of Smith's works assembled by Carter for the series.
 The Computer Law & Security Review is a journal accessible to a wide range of professional legal and IT practitioners businesses academics researchers libraries and organisations in both the public and private sectors the Computer Law and Security Review regularly covers:CLSR Briefing with special emphasis on UK/US developmentsEuropean Union updateNational news from 10 European jurisdictionsPacific rim news columnRefereed practitioner and academic papers on topics such as Web 2.0 IT security Identity management ID cards RFID interference with privacy Internet law telecoms regulation online broadcasting intellectual property software law e-commerce outsourcing data protection and freedom of information and many other topics.The Journal's Correspondent Panel includes more than 40 specialists in IT law and security - between them offering expert analysis on all aspects of this fast moving field of law - spotting trends highlighting practical concerns monitoring new problems and outlining key developments.Each issue contains well-researched reliable and thought provoking articles case law analysis and current news - ensuring that you do not miss out on the emerging issues worldwide and that you understand the problems of managing the legal and security requirements of information and communications technology.Special FeaturesHigh quality peer reviewed papers from internationally renowned practitioner and academic expertsLatest developments reported in situ by more than 20 leading law firms from around the worldHighly experienced and respected editor and correspondents panelOnline access to all 23 volumes of CLSR with embedded web links to primary sourcesContact details of all authorsA pool of expertise that can collectively identify the key topics that need to be examined.
 Men of War is the name of several American comic book series published by DC Comics. For the most part the series was an anthology comic featuring fictional stories about the American military during World War II.The original series All-American Men of War published 118 issues from 1956 to 1966.
 The Witching Hour (1990) by Anne Rice is the first novel in her series Lives of the Mayfair Witches. The novel begins the tale of a family of witches and a spirit that has guided their fortunes for generations.
 Eesti Päevaleht (Estonia Daily) is a major daily Estonian newspaper from the same publishers as the weekly Eesti Ekspress. It has a daily circulation of around 36000.Eesti Päevaleht was founded on 5 June 1995 when the newspapers Hommikuleht Päevaleht (previously Noorte Hääl) and Rahva Hääl were merged into a single publication. On 29 September 1995 Eesti Päevaleht merged with Eesti Sõnumid. In May 2011 the newspaper joined the Eesti Ajalehed group.
 Mladá fronta Dnes (Young Front Today) also known as MF DNES or simply Dnes (Today) is a daily newspaper in the Czech Republic. Its name could be translated into English as Youth Front Today.
 The ancient Sanskrit text called Jaimini Sutras is a treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology attributed to Maharishi Jaimini the founder of the Purva Mimamsa branch of Hindu philosophy and author of twelve-chapter Upadesa Sutras who was a disciple of Rishi Vyasa son of Parashara.
 JoJo's Bizarre Adventure (ジョジョの奇妙な冒険 JoJo no Kimyō na Bōken) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hirohiko Araki. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1986 to 2004 before being transferred to the monthly seinen magazine Ultra Jump in 2005. The current story arc JoJolion started in 2011.
 Bahá'í News was a monthly magazine published between December 1924 and October 1990 that covered news and events in the worldwide Bahá'í community. The magazine was first published as Bahá'í News Letter for 40 issues changing to Bahá'í News from issue 41 onwards. A significant portion of the content of Bahá'í News touched upon worldwide developments in the Bahá'í community and the achievement of pioneering goals as well as developments in the American Bahá'í community.
 Filthy Lucre: Economics for People Who Hate Capitalism is a 2009 book by Joseph Heath.The book is organized around twelve fallacies or myths associated with economics six of which are common on the left and six of which are common on the right.
 The Bad Man was a 1920 Broadway three act comedy written by Porter Emerson Browneproduced by William H. Harris Jr. and staged by Lester Lonergan. It ran for 342 performances from August 30 1920 to June 1921 at the Comedy Theatre. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1920-1921.It was adapted into three films of the same name The Bad Man (1923) The Bad Man (1930) The Bad Man (1941).
 How it Happened in Peach Hill is a young adult novel written by Canadian author Marthe Jocelyn and first published in 2007. It is set in the state of New York in 1924 and has as its background the practice of fraudulent spiritualism.
 El Economista is a Mexican business and economics newspaper. Founded in 1989 it publishes from Monday to Friday in five columns. One of its most commented features is the strange tone of pink-orange paper it's printed on.
 Adyge mak' (Adyghe: Адыгэ макъ [aːdəɣa maːq] lit. The Adyghe Voice is the main Adyghe language newspaper. It is the successor of the Soviet era Социалистическэ Адыгей (Socialist Adyghea). It is published five times a week. It was printed in the Arab alphabet until 1927 Latin until 1938 and Cyrillic since. In was printed in Krasnodar until 1936.
 Marilyn and Ella is a 2008 play by Bonnie Greer. It is a musical drama about Marilyn Monroe and Ella Fitzgerald.
 Advances in Applied Mathematics is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal publishing research on applied mathematics. Its founding editor was Gian-Carlo Rota (Massachusetts Institute of Technology). It is currently published by Elsevier with eight issues per year and the editor-in-chief is Joseph Kung (University of North Texas).
 The Tale of Telsharu (Tales of the Seventh Empire Book One) is a fantasy novel by Valerie Mechling & Samuel Stubbs their debut novel. It was published in 2011 by Inquisitive Books simultaneously in hardcover and trade paperback. The book is named for one of five major viewpoint characters whose mission to assassinate the emperor is one of the driving forces of the plot.
 Chain Leader (ISSN-1528-4999) was a trade publication and web site owned by Reed Business Information serving the information needs of owners and operators of full fast-casual and quick service chain restaurants.The editor-in-chief was Mary Boltz Chapman; the editorial offices were located in Oak Brook Illinois USA.Established in 1997 Chain Leader was published monthly.
 14000 things to be happy about is a book by Barbara Ann Kipfer. Illustrated by Pierre Le-Tan. It was published in 1990 by Workman Publishing.The book consists simply of a list containing approximately 14000 random and sometimes abstract items apparently compiled by the author over the course of 20 years.
 Shadow: Five Presidents and the Legacy of Watergate is a 1999 book by Washington Post journalist Bob Woodward written with a narrative voice while utilizing firsthand interviews and news reports for its historical basis.
 The Journal of Pure and Applied Algebra is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering that part of algebra likely to be of general mathematical interest: algebraic results with immediate applications and the development of algebraic theories of sufficiently general relevance to allow for future applications. Its founding editors-in-chief were P. Freyd (University of Pennsylvania) and A. Heller City University of New York.
 Discrete Mathematics is a journal in the broad area of discrete mathematics combinatorics graph theory and their applications published by Elsevier. It publishes both short notes full length contributions as well as survey articles. In addition DM publishes a number of special issues each year dedicated to a particular topic in total 24 regular and special issues a year. All published articles are also available electronically by subscription.
 Global and Planetary Change is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research into the earth sciences particularly pertaining to changes in aspects thereof such as sea level and the chemical composition of the atmosphere. It has been published by Elsevier since it was established in 1989. The editors-in-chief are S.A.P.L. Cloetingh (Utrecht University) T.M. Cronin (United States Geological Survey) K. McGuffie (University of Technology Sydney) and H.
 Carter Beats The Devil is a historical mystery thriller novel by Glen David Gold
 The Davie County Enterprise-Record is a weekly newspaper based in Mocksville North Carolina that serves Davie County North Carolina. The editor of the paper is Dwight Sparks.
 The Madwoman of Chaillot (French title: La Folle de Chaillot) is a play a poetic satire by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux written in 1943 and first performed in 1945 after his death. The play has two acts and follows the convention of the classical unities.
 Sammy & Sue Go Green Too! is the first in a series of children's books by Suzanne Sue Corso and her daughter Samantha Sammy Corso intended to raise awareness about environmentally friendly living.The book includes a glossary which aims to explain the more complicated scientific vocabulary to children; the book is aimed at five to nine year-olds.
 Chinese Cinderella: The Mystery of the Song Dynasty Painting is the seventh book made by the Chinese American author Adeline Yen Mah also known for writing Chinese Cinderella and Falling Leaves both selling around one million dollars. The novel is the sequel to a fictitious story of the Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society.
 Bayane Al Yaoume (Arabic: بيان اليوم‎) is a daily Arabic language Moroccan newspaper.
 The Howling II is a 1979 horror novel by Gary Brandner. It is the first sequel to his 1977 werewolf novel The Howling. The novel was later republished under the alternative titles: The Howling II: The Return and also Return Of The Howling.Despite the ongoing film series that began in the 1980s The Howling II was not adapted as a film and bears no similarities to the 1985 film Howling II or any of the other Howling films.
 Linkiesta is an independent Italian online newspaper of investigative journalism in-depth analysis and commentary. It was launched on 31 January 2011 and from 27th February 2013 the editor in chief is Marco Alfieri former La Stampa reporter. The first editor in chief was Jacopo Tondelli.
 Modern Philology is a literary journal that was established in 1903. It publishes scholarly articles on literature literary scholarship history and criticism in all modern world languages and book reviews of recent books as well as review articles and research on archival documents. It is published by the University of Chicago Press.
 Flower of the Deep Sleep (ふかい眠りの花 Fukai Nemuri no Hana) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yuana Kazumi. The manga was licensed in North America by Tokyopop licensed in Germany by Carlsen Comics and Taiwan by Ever Glory Publishing.
 Rimrunners is a science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh and set in her Alliance-Union universe in which humanity has split into three major power blocs: Union the Merchanter's Alliance and Earth. Chronologically the book follows immediately after the author's award-winning Downbelow Station and is one of Cherryh's series of Merchanter novels.The book was nominated for a Locus Award and the cover art by Don Maitz won the 1990 Hugo Award for Best Original Artwork.
 The Professor the Banker and the Suicide King: Inside the Richest Poker Game of All Time (ISBN 0-446-57769-3) is a 2005 book by Michael Craig detailing billionaire Andrew Beal's series of high stakes poker games with Las Vegas' top professional poker players. The book title refers to some of the professional players involved in this series.
 Critical Care is an online open access peer-reviewed medical journal covering intensive-care medicine published by BioMed Central.
 Two Years Before the Mast is a memoir by the American author Richard Henry Dana Jr. published in 1840 having been written after a two-year sea voyage starting in 1834. A film adaptation under the same name was released in 1946.
 Konpeki no Kantai (紺碧の艦隊 lit. Deep Blue Fleet) is a Japanese alternate-history original video animation series produced by J.C.Staff. The series focuses on a technologically advanced Imperial Japanese Navy and a radically different World War II that was brought about by Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto's revival in the past due to unexplained circumstances.
 The Duel for the Samurai Sword is book 5 of the Race Against Time series written by J. J. Fortune.
 Rumpole's Last Case is a 1987 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole. They were adapted from his scripts for the TV series of the same name.The stories were:Rumpole and the Winter BreakRumpole and the Blind Tasting Rumpole and the Bright SeraphimRumpole and the Judge's Elbow Rumpole and the Official Secret Rumpole and the Old Old Story Rumpole's Last Case↑
 Falling (ISBN 0-330-36889-3) is a 1999 novel by British writer Elizabeth Jane Howard. It was later filmed as a drama for ITV.
 The Medical Journal of Australia is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of the Australian Medical Association published by the Australasian Medical Publishing Company. The present editor-in-chief is Professor Stephen Leeder. One of its early owners was editor Dr. Isaac Aaron.The journal publishes editorials original articles case reports and letters. The full text of every issue since January 2002 is available on the journal's internet site.
 Lost Boys (1992) is the first horror novel and short story by author Orson Scott Card.
 Bounded Choice: True Believers and Charismatic Cults is a nonfiction psychology book on cults by Janja Lalich Ph.D. published by University of California Press in 2004.Lalich had previously published her Ph.D.
 Dogger is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Shirley Hughes published by The Bodley Head in 1977. It features a boy and his stuffed dog who is lost showing the distress the loss of a toy causes a child. The boy's sister has an opportunity to earn Dogger back.Hughes won the 1977 Kate Greenaway Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book illustration by a British subject.
 EPICAC is a short story in the book Welcome to the Monkey House by Kurt Vonnegut. It was the first story to feature the fictional EPICAC computer later used in Vonnegut's novel Player Piano in 1952. It was published in 25 November 1950 for Collier's Weekly and reprinted in the February 1983 PC Magazine.The story was published just four years and nine months after the world's first electronic general-purpose computer ENIAC went on-line. ENIAC was the inspiration for his story.
 The Daily Gazette formerly The Schenectady Gazette is an independently owned daily newspaper based in Schenectady New York and mainly covers the counties of Schenectady Albany Rensselaer Saratoga Fulton Schoharie and Montgomery.The newspaper was formed in 1894 when the Schenectady Printing Association took over a weekly called the Schenectady Gazette and turned it into a daily renaming it The Daily Gazette in 1895.
 Phantom is the tenth book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth. Phantom debuted in the #1 spot on The New York Times and Publishers Weekly bestseller lists among others.
 The Anderson County Advocate is a local weekly newspaper for Garnett Kansas with a circulation of about 2000 . The newspaper also maintains an online presence.
 Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories is a book of short stories published in 1991 by San Antonio-based Mexican-American writer Sandra Cisneros. The collection reflects Cisneros's experience of being surrounded by American influences while still being familially bound to her Mexican heritage as she grew-up north of the Mexico-US border. These tales focus on the social role of women and their relationships with the men and other women in their lives.
 Black Bird (ブラックバード Burakku Baado ) is a Japanese supernatural shōjo manga written and illustrated by Kanoko Sakurakoji. It has been serialized by Shogakukan in their Betsucomi magazine since 2007. It depicts the life of a high school girl who can see supernatural beings. Black Bird received the 2009 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga.In 2008 Viz Media announced they had licensed the series for an English release of the series in North America.
 Femme Fatales is an American men's magazine focusing on film and television actresses.Femme Fatales was founded by Frederick S. Clarke in the summer of 1991 as the sister publication of his science fiction film magazine Cinefantastique. Published by Clarke it was originally edited by pin-up photography collector and expert Bill George. Cinefantanstique contributor Dan Cziraky joined the staff as Associate Editor several months prior to its launch.
 The Sun Is Often Out (2010) is a collection of poems written by English poet Stephen Vickery.The book compiles Vickery's three handmade and illustrated volumes 'The Sun Is Often Out' 'Nineteen Drives' and 'On Being Up' into one complete work.Vickery was born in South London in 1981.His death in 2008 inspired the song 'The Sun is Often Out' by Patrick Wolf which featured on Wolf's fourth studio album The Bachelor (album).
 The Boy who Talked to Trees is a collection of short stories by Yashwant V. Chittal who received the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1983. The book was translated into English by Ramachandra Shrama and Padma Ramachandra in 1994 published by Penguin Books. The book includes 13 stories all set in the fictional village of Hanehalli or in Bandra a suburban area in the city of Mumbai.
 Oho! is a Finnish entertainment magazine published by Danish Aller. It's partially a competitor to the similar 7 päivää-magazine published by same publisher. Idea of the magazine is secure that anything other publisher can't establish similar magazine that's why the market segment has been filled up in Finland according to the publisher.The editor-in-chief or the magazine Eeva-Helena Jokitaipale is also the editor-in-chief or 7 päivää.
 I Am a Hero (アイアムアヒーロー) is a Japanese horror manga by Kengo Hanazawa. It was nominated for the 3rd 4th and 5th Manga Taishō and won the 58th Shogakukan Manga Award in General category. It is published in Italy by GP Publishing in France by Kana and in Spain by Norma Editorial.
 Killing Mr. Griffin is a 1978 novel for young adults by Lois Duncan about a group of teenage students at a New Mexico high school who plan to kidnap their strict English teacher Mr. Griffin. The book was adapted into a television film that aired on NBC on April 7 1997 sharing the same title and starring Jay Thomas Mario Lopez Amy Jo Johnson Michelle Williams and Scott Bairstow. Another film with a similar theme and title Teaching Mrs.
 The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space Time and the Texture of Reality (2004) is the second book on theoretical physics cosmology and string theory written by Brian Greene professor and co-director of Columbia's Institute for Strings Cosmology and Astroparticle Physics (ISCAP).
 English Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the language literature and culture of the English-speaking world from the Anglo-Saxon to the present day. The editor-in-chief is Odin Dekkers. It was established in 1919 and is published in 8 issues per year by Routledge.
 La Presqu’île (translated as The Peninsula 1970) is the title of a collection of three short pieces by French writer Julien Gracq that takes its name from its second work a novella which is preceded by La Route and followed by Le Roi Cophetua. The Peninsula and King Cophetua have been published separately in English by Green Integer (2011) and Turtle Point Press (2003) respectively. La Route has yet to be translated into English.
 Van Dale's Great Dictionary of the Dutch Language (Dutch: Van Dale Groot woordenboek van de Nederlandse taal Dutch pronunciation: [vɐn ˈdaːlə ˈɣroːt ˈʋʊːrdə(n)ˌbuk vɐn də ˈneːdərˌlɑntsə ˈtaːl]) called “Dikke van Dale” for short is the leading dictionary of the Dutch language. First published in 1874 as of 2005 it lists definitions of approximately 90000 headwords.
 Aishiteruze Baby (愛してるぜ ベイベ★★ Aishiteruze Beibe★★ also known as I Love You Baby) is a shōjo romance manga by Yoko Maki. It was serialized by Shueisha in Ribon from April 2002 and January 2005 and collected in seven bound volumes. It was adapted as a 26-episode anime television series produced by TMS Entertainment and Animax broadcast in Japan on Animax from April to October 2004.
 Kant-Studien is a journal of philosophy focusing on Immanuel Kant.
 Theoretical and Mathematical Physics (Russian: Теоретическая и Математическая Физика) is a Russian scientific journal. It was founded in 1969 by Nikolai Bogolubov. Currently handled by the Russian Academy of Sciences it appears in 12 issues per year. The journal publishes papers onmathematical aspects of quantum mechanics quantum field theory statistical physics supersymmetry and integrable models (in any areas of physics).
 Annals of Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of science and technology. It is published by Taylor & Francis and was established in 1936. The founding editor-in-chief was the Canadian historian of science Harcourt Brown.
 DC/Wildstorm: DreamWar is six-issue comic book limited series writer by Keith Giffen drawn by Lee Garbett and published by DC Comics. The series is a crossover between the DC and Wildstorm Universe.
 Dictionary of the Russian Language is an explanatory dictionary of the Russian language. The first edition (1949) under the editorship of Ozhegov contained about 57000 words; its 21st edition (1990) counted 70000 word entries. From 1992 the dictionary is released with the names of two co-authors Ozhegov and Shvedova.
 The Functions of the Executive is a book by Chester I.
 Fiscal Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Community and Urban Sociology Section of the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
 The Devil's Own Work is a 1991 novella by Alan Judd which won the Guardian Fiction Award. A modern version of the Faust legend it was inspired by a dinner with Graham Greene. and tells of a pact an author makes with the devil as told by his lifelong friend. In style the work was compared by Publisher's Weekly with that of Henry James.
 Cathleen ni Houlihan is a one-act play written by William Butler Yeats and Lady Gregory in 1902. It was first performed on 2 April of that year and first published in the October number of Samhain. The play centers on the 1798 Rebellion. The play is startlingly nationalistic encouraging in its last pages that young men sacrifice their lives for the heroine Cathleen ni Houlihan who represents an independent and separate Irish state.
 The Artist's Way: A Spiritual Path To Higher Creativity is a self-help book by American author Julia Cameron together with Mark Bryan. The book was written to help people with artistic creative recovery which teaches techniques and exercises to assist people in gaining self-confidence in harnessing their creative talents and skills.
 The Punisher: The End is a one-shot title published by Marvel Comics under the MAX imprint as part of their The End series. The story focuses on the Punisher's final days in a post-apocalyptic future. The date of the events are described in the opening page of the comic in one word soon.
 Monk Dawson is a novel by English author Piers Paul Read published in 1969 by Secker and Warburg in the UK and in 1970 by Lippincott in the US the year it won both the Somerset Maugham Award and Hawthornden Prize. It was adapted into a film of the same name in 1998. The first part of the book was based on the author's experiences of Ampleforth College and in an interview with The Catholic Herald the author reveals that the book was banned from the boarding school.
 Old Man's War is a military science fiction and debut novel by John Scalzi published in 2005. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2006. It was optioned by Paramount Pictures in 2011.A sequel The Ghost Brigades was published in 2006 followed by two other books The Last Colony (2007) and Zoe's Tale (2008). A further sequel The Human Division was published in serial form from January to April 2013 and collected in print with added material in May 2013.
 Zanan magazine (ماهنامه زنان which means Women) was founded by Shahla Sherkat in 1992 as a monthly magazine.
 Suara Karya (Work Voice) is a daily newspaper published in Indonesia. Established in 1971 to assist Golkar in winning that year's legislative election it became required reading for all civil servants and the voice of Golkar. After its circulation increased from 55700 in 1971 to 300000 in 1998 the fall of Suharto caused circulation to plummet to 3000. As of 2005 it is attempting rebranding to present cleaner less biased news.
 A Year with Swollen Appendices is a book by Brian Eno.
 The North Ship is a collection of poems by Philip Larkin (1922-1985) and was published in 1945 by Reginald A. Caton's Fortune Press. Caton did not pay his writers and expected them to buy a certain number of copies themselves. A similar arrangement had been used in 1934 by Dylan Thomas for his first anthology.The volume was published again in 1966 by Faber and Faber Limited. In the 1945 version there are 31 items numbered with Roman numerals.
 Soul Mountain (Chinese: 灵山; pinyin: língshān) is a novel by the Chinese writer Gao Xingjian. The novel is loosely based on the author's journey in rural China which was inspired by a false diagnosis of lung cancer. The novel is a part autobiographical part fictional account of a man's journey to find the fabled mountain Lingshan. It is a combination of story fragments travel accounts unnamed characters (referred to by the pronouns I you she etc.) and folk poetry/legends.
 Red is a play by American writer John Logan about artist Mark Rothko first produced by the Donmar Warehouse London in December 2009. The original production was directed by Michael Grandage and performed by Alfred Molina as Rothko and Eddie Redmayne as his fictional assistant Ken.The production with its two leads transferred to Broadway at the John Golden Theater for a limited engagement which began on March 11 2010 and closed on June 27. It was the 2010 Tony Award winner for Best Play.
 Kungumam (Tamil: குங்குமம்) is a Tamil weekly magazine published in Chennai India. It is owned by Kalanidhi Maran's Sun Network. According to the Indian Readership Survey 2006 Kungumam emerged as the top-selling Tamil weekly magazine overtaking historical market leaders such as Kumudam and Ananda Vikatan. Also Kungumam is the second best-selling magazine in national league tables ranking behind the Hindi weekly Saras Saleel. Best kanna best is the tagline for the magazine commercial.
 Wolves is picture book written and illustrated by Emily Gravett published by Macmillan in 2005.
 Music for Torching is a 1999 novel by A. M. Homes. It is about a dysfunctional suburban family in modern-day America. The book deals with various issues including sex social consciousness infidelity and school violence. It is one of Homes' most critically acclaimed books thus far.Characters include Elaine and Paul a married couple and their two male children.
 The Berserker series is a series of space opera science fiction short stories and novels by Fred Saberhagen in which robotic self-replicating machines intend to destroy all life. These Berserkers named after the human berserker warriors of Norse legend are doomsday weapons left over from an interstellar war between two races of extraterrestrials.
 The Reich Chancellery and Führerbunker Complex: An Illustrated History of the Seat of the Nazi Regime by Steven Lehrer recounts the history of a group of Berlin buildings from their construction in the 18th century until their complete destruction during and after World War II.King Frederick William I of Prussia built the Palais Schulenburg at Wilhelmstraße 77 for his esteemed Lieutenant General Count Adolph Friedrich von der Schulenburg.
 Griffin Science-Fantasy Booklet Number One is an anthology of two science fiction stories anonymously edited by William L. Crawford. It was published as Griffin Publishing Company in 1947 in an edition of 1000 copies. The stories originally appeared in the magazine Fantasy Book.
 This Funny World was a gag cartoon panel syndicated to newspapers by the McNaught Syndicate from March 6 1944 to 1985.In addition to original cartoons the series featured numerous reprints of cartoons previously published in leading magazines including The American Magazine American Legion Magazine Collier's Look True and Woman's Home Companion.
 The Bedford Handbook is a guide written by Diana Hacker now in its eighth edition that provides basic explanations of proper English grammar composition citation and textual analysis. The guide includes a number of sample texts (including essays) and illustrations throughout its sections. The Bedford Handbook contains guides to the MLA APA and Chicago citation styles and includes examples of each style in essay form.
 The Queen's Necklace is a novel by Alexandre Dumas that was published in 1849 and 1850 (immediately following the French Revolution of 1848). It is loosely based on the Affair of the Diamond Necklace an episode involving fraud and royal scandal that made headlines at the court of Louis XVI in the 1780s.
 Lettres philosophiques (or Letters Concerning the English Nation) is a series of essays written by Voltaire based on his experiences living in England between 1726 and 1729 (though from 1707 the country was part of the Kingdom of Great Britain). It was published first in English in 1733 and then in French the following year where it was seen as an attack on the French system of government and was rapidly suppressed.
 Stranger in a Strange Land is a 1961 science fiction novel by American author Robert A. Heinlein. It tells the story of Valentine Michael Smith a human who comes to Earth in early adulthood after being born on the planet Mars and raised by Martians. The novel explores his interaction with—and eventual transformation of—terrestrial culture. The title is an allusion to the phrase in Exodus 2:22. According to Heinlein the novel's working title was The Heretic.
 Sten is the first book in Chris Bunch and Allan Cole's The Sten Adventures.
 Rhapsody: A Dream Novel also known as Dream Story (original German title: Traumnovelle) is a 1926 novella by the Austrian writer Arthur Schnitzler. The book deals with the thoughts and psychological transformations of Doctor Fridolin over a two-day period after his wife confesses having had sexual fantasies involving another man. In this short time he meets many people who give a clue to the world Schnitzler is creating for us.
 Second Variety is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Gollancz in 1989 and reprints Volume II of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick. It had not previously been published as a stand-alone volume. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy Fiction Fantastic Universe Space Science Fiction Imagination If Amazing Stories Science Fiction Quarterly Startling Stories Cosmos Orbit Astounding and Planet Stories.
 Joan Haste is a 1895 novel by H Rider Haggard.
 The International Journal of Sociology and Social Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in sociology and on social policy. The journal was established in 1981 and is published by Emerald Group Publishing. The editor-in-chief is Colin C. Williams (University of Sheffield).
 The Lagoon is a short story by Joseph Conrad composed in 1896 and first published in Cornhill Magazine in 1897. The story is about a white man referred to as Tuan (the equivalent of Lord or Sir) who is travelling through an Indonesian rainforest and is forced to stop for the night with a distant Malay friend named Arsat. Upon arriving he finds Arsat distraught for his lover is dying. Arsat tells the distant and rather silent white man a story of his past.
 The Blade of Conan is a 1979 collection of essays edited by L. Sprague de Camp published in paperback by Ace Books. The material was originally published as articles in George H. Scithers' fanzine Amra. The book is a companion to Ace’s later volume of material from Amra The Spell of Conan (1980).
 Doctor Dolittle and the Secret Lake is a Doctor Dolittle book written by Hugh Lofting. The book was published posthumously in 1948 15 years after its predecessor. Fittingly it is the longest book in the series and the tone is the darkest; World War II took place before the book was published during which Lofting had published his anti-war poem Victory for the Slain.
 Vijaya Karnataka is a Kannada daily newspaper published from a number of cities in Karnataka and is the number one news paper in Kannada Language.[citation needed] It is published from Bengaluru Hubballi Mangaluru Shivamogga Gangavathi Belagavi Davanagere etc. This was started by VRL group headed by Vijay Sankeshwar entrepreneur-cum-politician in October 2000. The newspaper along with sister publications (Vijay Times) was purchased by the Bennett Coleman & Co.
 Surviving the Applewhites is a 2002 book by Stephanie S. Tolan. The book received a Newbery Honor award in 2003 and many other awards.
 The Mark of the Horse Lord is a historical novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1965. It won the first Phoenix Award in 1985.It takes place in Roman Britain and tells the tale of a gladiator who becomes involved with the Dal Riada of Earra-Ghàidheal. Like many Sutcliff novels the plot is driven by a crisis of leadership hinging on acceptance of the ultimate responsibility of a sacrificial king.
 Manga Bible (新約聖書 Shinyaku Seisho) is a five-volume manga series based on the Christian Bible created under the direction of the non-profit organization Next a group formed by people from the manga industry. Though first published in English the books are originally written in Japanese and each volume is illustrated by a Japanese manga artist. Each book is adapted from the Bible by Hidenori Kumai.
 Leaving Springfield: The Simpsons and the Possibility of Oppositional Culture is a non-fiction compilation work analyzing the effect of the television program The Simpsons on society edited by John Alberti. The book was published in 2004 by Wayne State University Press.
 Here Come the Blobbies is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Jorge Antonio Tello Aliaga. The Blobbies are cute creatures that can blobbiemorph into many different shapes.
 My Heart and Lute is a song/poem by Thomas Moore. In Through the Looking-Glass by Lewis Carroll Alice recognizes the tune used in the song called Ways and Means sung by the White Knight.
 The Making of the English Working Class is an influential and pivotal work of English social history written by E. P. Thompson a notable 'New Left' historian; it was published in 1963 (revised 1968) by Victor Gollancz Ltd and later republished at Pelican becoming an early Open University Set Book.
 The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette also known simply as the PG is the largest daily newspaper serving metropolitan Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. It has won six Pulitzer prizes since 1938.
 The Steam Man of the West is a steampunk western action and adventure book series by American author Joseph A. Lovece.
 Manifold: Time is a 1999 science fiction novel by Stephen Baxter. It is the first of Baxter's Manifold trilogy (the others being Manifold: Space and Manifold: Origin) although the books can be read in any order because the series takes place in a multiverse.The book was nominated for the 2000 Arthur C. Clarke Award.
 The Yearling is the 1938 novel written by Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings. It was published in March 1938. It was the main selection of the Book of the Month Club in April 1938. It was the number one best seller for twenty-three consecutive weeks in 1938. As well as being the best-selling novel in America in 1938 it was the seventh best in 1939. It sold over 250000 copies in 1938. It has been translated into Spanish Chinese French Japanese German Italian Russian and twenty-two other languages.
 The Jeguk Sinmun (Imperial Post; 1898-1910) was a Seoul-based Korean language newspaper founded in 1898 by Yi Jong-myeon. It was published using the purely vernacular Hangeul script and attracted a largely lower or middle class and female readership. It was less political than the other papers of the period concentrating instead on social issues. One of its early reporters was the young Syngman Rhee.
 Waking the Witch is the eleventh novel in Women of the Otherworld series by Kelley Armstrong. Waking the Witch follows 21 year old witch Savannah an orphaned daughter of a sorcerer and half-demon. She must prove that she grown up enough to be part of a special supernatural detective agency. While on her first solo mission Savannah soon finds herself in trouble. She is plagued with deadly mishaps one after another.
 The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch is a 1965 dystopian novel by US science fiction writer Philip K. Dick. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1965.The novel takes place some time in the 21st century. Under United Nations authority humankind has colonized every habitable planet and moon in the solar system. Like many of Dick's novels it utilizes an array of science fiction concepts and features several layers of reality and unreality.
 Land Beyond the Map is a short science fiction novel written by Kenneth Bulmer. It originally appeared in the magazine Science Fantasy in 1961 under the title The Map Country. It was subsequently enlarged and published by Ace Books in 1965. It was published in an Ace Double which also contained another short novel Fugitive of the Stars by Edmond Hamilton on the opposite side.
 Ruby Red (original title: Rubinrot) is a novel by German writer Kerstin Gier. It is the first book of the Gem Trilogy and is followed by Sapphire Blue and Emerald Green. The book has been translated into twenty-six languages and sold internationally.
 Imagining Argentina is an award-winning novel by Lawrence Thornton about the Dirty War in 1970s Buenos Aires Argentina where the military government is abducting those opposed to its rule. Cecilia a dissident journalist is kidnapped by the secret police to join the ranks of the 'disappeared' as her husband Carlos a theater director searches frantically for her and others through imagining their fates in prisons and cells.In 2003 the novel was adapted to film by Christopher Hampton.
 Cancer Investigation is a peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of basic and clinical oncology. The editor in chief is Gary Lyman.
 Elective Affinities (German: Die Wahlverwandtschaften) also translated under the title Kindred by Choice is the third novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published in 1809. The title is taken from a scientific term once used to describe the tendency of chemical species to combine with certain substances or species in preference to others.
 Confessions of a Thug is an English novel written by Philip Meadows Taylor in 1839 based on the Thuggee cult in British India. Ameer Ali the anti-hero protagonist of Confessions of a Thug was said to be based on a real Thug called Syeed Amir Ali (or Feringhea) whom the author was acquainted with.Confessions of a Thug went on to become a bestseller in 19th century Britain.
 Don't Look Behind You is a 1990 young adult thriller novel by Lois Duncan. It won a number of regional awards and was adapted for television in 1999.
 The Richlands is an historical novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) set in a rural village in Westmoreland County Pennsylvania thirty miles east of Pittsburgh.At the turn of the 20th century in Western Pennsylvania Jim Ryall decides to farm the Richlands instead of going to law school. There are two women in Jim's life: his pretty bride Peggy and gentle Phoebe who takes care of his two children after Peggy's death.
 The Financial Daily is Pakistan’s most comprehensive financial newspaper[citation needed] and financial news website. It provides stock information daily news research reports and reviews. It has an excellent reputation among businesses and in the economics circles of Pakistan[citation needed]. It provides the economic indicators of Pakistan portfolio investments mutual funds currency rates foreign exchange rates the market summary rates for KIBOR T-Bills and PIB.
 The Loyal Traitor is a children's book written in 1965 by Sylvia Haymon and illustrated by Derek Collard. The story is set during the reign of King Edward VI and centered around the adventures of fictional character Tom Redman. This poor country boy from Wydmondham bares witnesses to the anti-enclosure uprisings and subsequent public execution of Robert Kett.
 AARP The Magazine is an American bi-monthly magazine published by AARP which focuses on aging issues.
 Dark Tide: Onslaught (also released as Dark Tide I: Onslaught) is the first novel in a two-part story by Michael A. Stackpole. Published and released in 2000 it is the second installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars universe.
 The Kurosagi Corpse Delivery Service (黒鷺死体宅配便 Kurosagi Shitai Takuhaibin) is a horror manga series written by Eiji Ōtsuka and drawn by Housui Yamazaki. First published in Kadokawa Mystery the series later (October 2006) transferred to the companion publication Shōnen Ace and now published in the magazine Young Ace.
 Pandora (1998) is a novel and a vampire in Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles. Her story is told in the book Pandora one of two novels in the New Tales of the Vampires series.
 Secrets of the Clans was the first field guide in the Warriors novel series meant to be used as a guide to the world of Warriors.
 The Green Bay Press-Gazette is a newspaper whose primary coverage is of northeastern Wisconsin including Green Bay. It was founded as the Green Bay Gazette in 1866 as a weekly paper becoming a daily newspaper in 1871. The Green Bay Gazette merged with its major competitor the Green Bay Free Press in 1915 assuming its current title. The newspaper was purchased by Gannett in March 1980.In 1972 an internal labor dispute led to the creation of the Green Bay News-Chronicle by striking workers.
 The Journal of Chromatography A is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research papers in analytical chemistry with a focus on techniques and methods used for the separation and identification of mixtures. Indexed by ISI J. Chromatogr.
 Occupy Comics: Art & Stories Inspired by Occupy Wall Street is a currently-in-production deluxe comic book anthology funded on Kickstarter and seeking to articulate themes of the Occupy Wall Street movement through comics as well as to fund-raise on behalf of the protesters.As Bleeding Cool described it:Some of the biggest names in independent and mainstream comics have come together for a social-networking funded comic book anthology to tell the story of the Occupy Wall Street protest that sidesteps the 24 hour news media’s desire for sensationalism.The money raised will pay the creators for their work – and they will then donate all that money to the Occupy movement especially through the coming winter months.Wired explained the perceived relationship between Occupy Wall Street and art:Pizzolo said the project makes sense because the Occupy Wall Street movement was launched by a piece of art.Adbusters created a really powerful image of a ballerina atop the Wall Street Bull with protesters in the background and that was enough to set this off” he said. 
 The Zeitschrift für Naturforschung B: A Journal of Chemical Sciences (often abbreviated Z. Naturforsch. B) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. The journal publishes fundamental studies in all areas of inorganic chemistry organic chemistry and analytical chemistry in both English and German. Articles in German are required to be accompanied by an English-language title and abstract.
 The Caboose Who Got Loose is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Bill Peet.The Caboose Who Got Loose published in 1971 by Houghton Mifflin tells the story of Katy Caboose a caboose who is tired of being dragged around at the end of the train by the Engine. She dreams of being part of the beautiful sceneries she passes during her trips but she cannot because she is always on the move.
 For the film of the same title based on this book see The Firm (1993 film). For the television series also based on this book see The Firm (2012 TV series).The Firm is a 1991 legal thriller and the second novel by John Grisham. It was his first widely recognized book and in 1993 after it sold 1.5 million copies was made into a film starring Tom Cruise and Gene Hackman. Grisham's first novel A Time to Kill came into recognition afterwards due to this novel's success.
 The Olympic Conspiracy is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts which is the fifth novel in the The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the sequel to The Mausoleum Murder.
 Batman: The Cult is a four-issue comic book mini-series. It was published by DC Comics in their prestige format books and released in 1988. It was written by Jim Starlin illustrated by Bernie Wrightson colored by Bill Wray and edited by Denny O'Neil. The concept of an underground army was used in The Dark Knight Rises film with the villain Bane as the leader instead of Deacon Blackfire.
 The Just and the Unjust is a novel by James Gould Cozzens published in 1942. Set in Childerstown a fictional rural town of 4000 persons the novel is a courtroom drama of a murder trial that begins June 14 1939 and takes three days.Cozzens lived in Lambertville New Jersey when he wrote The Just and the Unjust and researched his subject by spending hours at the Doylestown Pennsylvania courthouse.
 The Return is a science fiction short story written by H. Beam Piper and John J. McGuire. It is not a part of either Piper’s Terro-Human Future History series or his Paratime series.It made its first appearance in the January 1954 issue of Astounding Science Fiction. The story was later edited and expanded for its appearance in the 1960 book The Science Fictional Sherlock Holmes. The differences between the two editions of the story are minor mostly taking the form of added dialogue.
 Child Language Teaching and Therapy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Linguistics and Education. The journal's editors are Judy Clegg (University of Sheffield) and Maggie Vance (University of Sheffield). It has been in publication since 1985 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Big Nate: In a Class by Himself is a children's novel set in the Big Nate universe written and illustrated by Lincoln Peirce. It was published in 2010 by HarperCollins and was nominated in 2011 for a Children's Choice Book Award by the Children's Book Council.
 Triple Jeopardy is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1952. Itself collected in the omnibus volume Kings Full of Aces (Viking 1969) the book comprises three stories that first appeared in The American Magazine: Home to Roost (January 1952 as Nero Wolfe and the Communist Killer) The Cop-Killer (February 1951 as The Cop Killer) The Squirt and the Monkey (August 1951 as See No Evil)
 The Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham first published in 1949 is a widely acclaimed book on value investing an investment approach Graham began teaching at Columbia Business School in 1928 and subsequently refined with David Dodd.
 Malafrena is a 1979 novel by Ursula K. Le Guin. Although she is best known for science fiction and fantasy the only unusual element of this novel is that it takes place in the imaginary Central European country of Orsinia which is also the setting of her collection Orsinian Tales.
 Frog City and the Racing Frogs is a novel written by Julian Patrick. The book was released to provide Racing Frogs trainers with unlimited access to the Frog Trainer's VIP zone. A second book the Frog Trainer's Handbook also serves this purpose.
 Crash Deluxe is a postcyberpunk novel by science fiction author Marianne de Pierres and is the third and final Parrish Plessis Novel.
 A Fortress of Grey Ice is the second book in the Sword of Shadows fantasy series by J. V. Jones. It follows A Cavern of Black Iceand is followed by A Sword from Red Ice and Watcher of the DeadThe novel focuses on multiple characters and plotlines. One of the large ones is Raif who becomes disenchanted with his position in life. Abandoned by friends feeling he has nothing he goes wandering only to join up with a new group called the Maimed Men.
 Emerald City is a 1987 play by Australian playwright David Williamson a satire about two entertainment industries: film and publishing.
 The Fall-Down Artist is a crime novel by the American writer Thomas Lipinski set in 1980s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of Pittsburgh private detective Carroll Dorsey whose personal life is in disarray and who investigates a series of militant grassroots organizations dedicated to preserving the steel industry and finds violence insurance fraud and murder.The novel is the first in a series of four Carroll Dorsey mysteries.
 The War of the Flowers is a fantasy novel by Tad Williams about a rocker who is drawn into a magical world while reading a book.
 Mera Pakistani Safarnama is a Punjabi travelogue by actor-writer Balraj Sahni. This book describes his 1960 tour through Pakistan.
 Poptimal is a pop culture review website based in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area. Specifically the site publishes television and movie reviews as well as interviews with celebrities and editorials. Poptimal is also home to the Jone Dome audio podcast and they have partnered with several Hollywood studios to host contests and giveaways.Poptimal.com averages anywhere between 150000 and 200000 unique hits per month and totals over a million hits per month.
 The American Free Press is a weekly newspaper published in the United States.According to one former correspondent the newspaper's direct ancestor was the publication The Spotlight which ceased publication in 2001 when its parent company Liberty Lobby was forced into bankruptcy.
 Noble Farmer (百姓貴族 Hyakushō Kizoku) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa. This manga was first serialized at quarterly Girls' comics magazine (『ウンポコ』（新書館）) from Vol.8 in 2006 to Vol.17 in 2009. After suspension of publication the manga then resumed serialization at monthly comic magazine Wings (『月刊ウィングス』) in 2009.
 The Use of Force is a short story by the American author William Carlos Williams first published 1938.The story is narrated in first person by a doctor who is answering a house visit to see a sick girl. Fearing that she may have diphtheria the doctor decides to check her throat. However she refuses to open her mouth and the doctor uses force to restrain her and examine her throat with a spoon which makes the girl very mad.
 Max Havelaar: Or the Coffee Auctions of the Dutch Trading Company (Dutch: Max Havelaar of de koffi-veilingen der Nederlandsche Handel-Maatschappy) is a culturally and socially significant 1860 novel by Multatuli (the pen name of Eduard Douwes Dekker) (1820-1887) which was to play a key role in shaping and modifying Dutch colonial policy in the Dutch East Indies in the nineteenth and early twentieth century.
 Antichthon is the peer-reviewed academic journal of the Australasian Society for Classical Studies. The focus of the journal is ancient Greece and Rome however its scope is broadly defined so as to embrace the ancient Near East and the Mediterranean from the beginnings of civilisation to the Early Middle Ages.
 Losing It: And Gaining My Life Back One Pound at a Time is the best-selling autobiography of actress Valerie Bertinelli released on February 25 2008 by Free Press. In the memoir Bertinelli confesses to cocaine use and infidelity. She also writes about her relationship with film director Steven Spielberg and marriage to rock star Eddie Van Halen.
 The Terrorists (Swedish title: Terroristerna) is a 1975 novel by Sjöwall and Wahlöö in their detective series revolving around Martin Beck and his team. The Terrorists was unfinished at the time of Per Wahlöö's death in June 1975; the manuscript was completed by Maj Sjöwall alone.
 The Five Shires is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Sune och Svarta Mannen (Swedish: Sune and the dark man) is a novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1989 it tells the story of Sune Andersson during the year he autumn term turns he turns 9. The book was the first written by Anders and Sören all together. Several of the church and Christmas-based stories where used for the 1991 Swedish TV Advent calendar Sunes jul.
 The Fir-Tree (Danish: Grantræet) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875). The tale is about a fir tree so anxious to grow up so anxious for greater things that he cannot appreciate living in the moment. The tale was first published 21 December 1844 with The Snow Queen in Copenhagen Denmark by C.A. Reitzel. One scholar indicates that The Fir-Tree was the first of Andersen's fairy tales to express a deep pessimism.
 The Ringworld Engineers is a 1979 science fiction novel by Larry Niven. It is the first sequel to Niven's award-winning Ringworld and was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1981.
 White Sister is a 2006 detective novel by American crime author Stephen J. Cannell and the sixth in Cannell's eleven-book series featuring Shane Scully.
 The Sturgis Journal is a daily newspaper published in Sturgis Michigan United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media who acquired it from Independent Media Group in 2000.The Journal covers Sturgis and other St. Joseph County communities such as Burr Oak Centreville Colon Constantine Mendon Three Rivers and White Pigeon.The newspaper bills itself as the oldest business in the city of Sturgis.
 The Daily Citizen is a daily newspaper published in Dalton Georgia.
 The Third Ingredient is a short story by O. Henry notable for its ironic take on the Stone Soup theme. The story was originally published in Everybody’s Magazine with illustrations by Frederic Dorr Steele. The next year it was included in O. Henry's collection Options. As reported by O. Henry's good friend and biographer C.
 The Financial News is a South Korean daily newspaper. The newspaper's motto is First-Class financial paper/
 Willard and His Bowling Trophies: A Perverse Mystery is a novel by Richard Brautigan written in 1975. The story takes place in San Francisco California in the early 1970s. The title character is a papier mache bird that shares the front room of a San Francisco apartment with a collection of bowling trophies that some time earlier were stolen from the home of the Logan brothers.
 The Web of Easter Island is a novel by author Donald Wandrei. It was published by Arkham House in 1948 in an edition of 3068 copies. It was the fourth full-length novel to be published by Arkham House.The Web of Easter Island was first written in 1932 under the title Dead Titans Waken!. The manuscript was rejected by several publishers including Harper & Brothers but was eventually revised and published by Arkham House. It is loosely related to the Cthulhu Mythos (it is dedicated to H. P.
 The Occupied Times of London (The OT) is a political newspaper which originated from OccupyLSX in 2011. Originally produced from the occupations at St. Paul’s and Finsbury Square the paper includes news features and interviews.The OT is a free non-profit publication without any advertising and was first published on Wednesday 26 October 2011.
 The Accident Man is the first novel of the Samuel Carver series by English thriller writer Tom Cain released on 2 July 2007 through Bantam Press.
 Trans-Atlantyk is a novel by the Polish author Witold Gombrowicz originally published in 1953. The semi-autobiographical plot of the novel closely tracks Gombrowicz's own experience in the years during and just after the outbreak of World War II.
 The Road to Jerusalem (Swedish: Vägen till Jerusalem) is the first book in Jan Guillou's The Knight Templar book series. The book follows the fictional character of Arn Magnusson from his birth and until he sets off to Jerusalem.Arn is born in Arnäs Sweden in the year 1150. At the age of 5 he has an accident while climbing a scaffold and is saved due to his mother's prayers to Saint Bernard of Clairvaux.
 The Cancer Survivors Club is a collection of cancer survival stories. Each story is written from the cancer survivor's own perspective.
 The Journal of Musculoskeletal Pain is a quarterly Peer review-peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on chronic muscle and bone pain including fibromyalgia myofascial pain and other types of musculoskeletal pain. It is published by Informa Healthcare. The editor-in-chief is I. Jon Russell (The University of Texas Health Science Centre. The journal was established in 1993 and has a 2010 impact factor of 0.406.
 The Users’ Guides to the Medical Literature is a series of articles originally published in the Journal of the American Medical Association now rewritten and compiled in a textbook format. The guides provide practical clinician-friendly advice on all aspects of evidence-based medicine.
 Studies in Christian Ethics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers Christian ethics and moral theology. The editor-in-chief is Susan Frank Parsons. It was established in 1988 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for the Study of Christian Ethics.
 The Daily Advertiser is a Gannett daily newspaper based in Lafayette the fourth largest city in Louisiana. The Daily Advertiser covers international national state and local news in the six parishes of Lafayette Acadia Iberia St. Landry St. Martin and Vermilion. The publication circulates 28400 copies on weekdays. Its ranks 234 out of 1410 newspapers in the United States.
 Conundrum is a fantasy novel by Jeff Crook published in 2001. The story takes place in the Dragonlance setting based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 ARABICA was a nationally distributed life-style cultural and current affairs magazine for Arab-Americans and those interested in the news and views of the Arab-American community. Though aimed primarily at the Arab-American community approximately a third of the readership was not Arab-American. It was published from Dearborn Michigan by publisher Ahmad Chebbani.
 El Ponceño founded in 1852 was the first newspaper published in Ponce Puerto Rico. The paper was originally named El Observador Ponceño but it was shortened to El Ponceño.
 Otrok brez otroštva is an autobiographical novel by Slovenian author Franc Šetinec. It was first published in 2009.
 Kerry's Eye is a weekly local newspaper in County Kerry Ireland. It is published every Thursday with a circulation of approximately 25000.Husband and wife Pádraig Kennelly and Joan Kennelly founded the newspaper in the basement on their home on Ashe Street in Tralee in 1974. Its headquarters are located in Ashe Street Tralee.
 By the River Piedra I sat Down and Wept (Portuguese: Na margem do rio Piedra eu sentei e chorei) is one of Paulo Coelho's most prominent titles. This is the first part in Coelho's trilogy On the Seventh Day. The other two parts are Veronika Decides to Die and The Devil and Miss Prym. This trilogy is a week in the life of someone ordinary to whom something extraordinary happens.
 The Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal covering midwifery and women's health. It is the official journal of the American College of Nurse-Midwives.
 Dune Trader is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992.
 Renegade of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the eighth and last in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in August 1978 and reprinted once in November of the same year. A tribute to Edgar Rice Burroughs's The Chessmen of Mars the book introduces the game of Darza Carter's equivalent of Jetan (Martian Chess). An appendix (Darza The Chess Game of Callisto) details the rules.
 Free Press Houston is a free monthly newsprint publication focusing on arts entertainment culture and politics. Continually published since March 2003 Free Press Houston is distributed throughout the greater Houston area with particularly strong distribution in inner city neighborhoods such as Montrose Heights and the Houston Warehouse District.
 Troll Mill is a children's fantasy novel written by Katherine Langrish the second in the Troll Trilogy. It follows the events of Troll Fell but takes place three years later.
 IRIS is an English and Irish language magazine which focuses on Irish republicanism Irish politics current affairs history and foreign affairs. The first issue of the magazine was published in 1981.
 Linux Voice is a Linux and open source magazine which began publication in the UK in 2014.
 Israel Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (Magnes Press).Founded in 1963 as a continuation of the Bulletin of the Research Council of Israel (Section F) the journal publishes articles on all areas of mathematics.The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.70 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.754.
 Grab It Indie Games Magazine is a digital video game magazine for iPad. It was launched in December 2013 by Chris Stead as both a downloadable app and as a website. Grab It Indie Games Magazine soft-launched with a free sample issue featuring République on the cover. Issue 1 released in February 2014 with Thralled on the cover.
 Middle School Get Me Out of Here! is the second book in James Patterson's best selling Middle School series preceded by Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life. It was published in the United States by Little Brown and company in May 7 2012. The book is about Rafe Khatchadorian who is starting seventh grade and deals with different bullies.
 The Resistance is the 47th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Ellen Geroux. It is the third book in the ten-book arc that finalized the story of the Animorphs. It is primarily narrated by Jake with flashbacks secondarily narrated by Isaiah Fitzhenry a great-uncle of Jake's grandfather who was an American Civil War lieutenant.
 Modern Man (subtitled The Adult Picture Magazine) is a now defunct monthly men's magazine founded in 1952 and running for several decades. Predating Playboy Modern Man focused on items of interest to adult men with an emphasis on soft-core pornography sex humor automobiles and popular culture.
 Batman: GCPD subtitle Gotham City Police Department on the cover trade dress was a comic book miniseries written in 1996 by Chuck Dixon and drawn by Jim Aparo and Bill Sienkiewicz. Lasting four issues and detailing the exploits of the Gotham City police department it precedes the better known Gotham Central by several years.
 Princess Priscilla's Fortnight is a 1905 comedy-drama novel by the British writer Elizabeth von Arnim known at the time as Elizabeth Russell. It was turned into a play The Cottage in the Air in 1909.
 The Reason for God is a Christian apologetics book and DVD by Timothy J. Keller a scholar and founding pastor of Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York City.
 Construction Equipment is a trade publication and web site serving the information needs of construction contractors materials producers and other owners and operators of construction equipment.Established in 1949 Construction Equipment is published monthly. Each issue typically includes Product Evaluations and Buying File as new products are introduced into the market.
 Since 1995 Honduras Tips has been the official travel guide of Honduras.
 Druga przestrzen is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 2002.
 A Luneta Mágica (English: The Magical Glasses) is a 1869 novel written by Brazilian Romantic writer Joaquim Manuel de Macedo. It is considered to be one of the first Brazilian fantastic novels ever.
 The Family Handyman is an American home-improvement magazine owned by the Reader's Digest Association. The magazine was founded in 1951 by Universal Publishing & Distributing. UPD sold the magazine to Webb Publishing in 1977 to pay down debts that would ultimately finish off the company. Robert Maxwell acquired Webb in 1987 and sold the magazine to the Reader's Digest Association that year.
 Mendoza in Hollywood is the third novel in the science fiction and time travel series by Kage Baker concerning the activities of The Company. In the UK it was published as At the Edge of the West.
 Kosmo! (short for Cosmopolitan; Malay: Kosmopolitan) is a Malay language compact format newspaper in Malaysia owned by Utusan Melayu (Malaysia) Berhad. It is available in Malaysia at most newsstands.It was launched on August 30 2004 by Prime Minister Dato’ Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi[citation needed]. Kosmo! existed when the public was in a desperate need of a newspaper that could be easily read and carried.
 Red Heat: Conspiracy Murder and the Cold War in the Caribbean is a historical study of the political scene in the Caribbean during the 1950s and 1960s written by the British historian Alex von Tunzelmann and first published in 2011 by Henry Holt and Company.
 Fifty Shades of Oy Vey: A Parody by E.L. Jamesbergstein is a parody of E.L. James' Fifty Shades of Grey. It was published in print and e-book editions by Alfred A. Knish in 2013. Described on its book jacket as So erotic you'll plotz the comic novel which follows the outline of the original Fifty Shades of Grey tells the story of the relationship between a beautiful young woman Anatevka Stein and a portly bagel tycoon Chaim Silver.
 Murder by Family a non-fiction true crime book written by Kent Whitaker. The book was released on September 23 2008 by Howard Books.
 Upworldly Mobile is the second book by Indian author Ranjini Manian published by Penguin Books India in September 2011. The book targets young Indian professionals trying to prepare them with global business insights for cross-cultural encounters.The book aims to provide practical tips for young Indian professionals interacting with foreign cultures.
 Pygmalion is a play by George Bernard Shaw named after a Greek mythological character. It was first presented on stage to the public in 1912.Professor of phonetics Henry Higgins makes a bet that he can train a bedraggled Cockney flower girl Eliza Doolittle to pass for a duchess at an ambassador's garden party by teaching her to assume a veneer of gentility the most important element of which he believes is impeccable speech.
 The Rising is the first book in a series of zombie-themed horror novels written by author Brian Keene. This title won the Bram Stoker Award for Best First Novel in 2003. The Rising was optioned for both film and video game adaptation in 2004.
 The journal Studies in Applied Mathematics is published by Wiley–Blackwell on behalf of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.It features scholarly articles on mathematical applications in allied fields notably computer science mechanics astrophysics geophysics and high-energy physics. Its pedigree came from the MIT Journal of Mathematics and Physics which was founded by the MIT Mathematics Department in 1920.
 The Ancestor Game is a 1992 Miles Franklin literary award winning novel by the Australian author Alex Miller. The Ancestor Game was republished by Allen & Unwin in 2003.
 Wilmott magazine' is a mathematical finance and risk management magazine combining technical articles with humor pieces. Each copy of Wilmott is 11 inches square runs about 100 pages and is printed on glossy paper. The magazine has the highest subscription price of any magazine.
 The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life (ISBN 0553805096) is a biography about Warren Buffett by Alice Schroeder.Before this book was written Warren Buffett rejected numerous approaches by biographers journalists and publishers to cooperate on an account of his life. After spending six years as the only Wall Street analyst Buffett would speak to Alice Schroeder was approached by Buffett to write his biography.
 The Worry Trap: How to Free Yourself from Worry & Anxiety Using Acceptance & Commitment Therapy is a self-help book written by Chad LeJeune Ph.D. in 2007.
 The Onion is an American digital media company and news satire organization. It runs an entertainment website featuring satirical articles reporting on international national and local news in addition to a non-satirical entertainment section known as The A.V. Club and a creative services division called Onion Labs. It says 90 percent of its web site readers are between 18 and 44 years old.
 The Stardroppers is a science fiction novel by John Brunner. It was originally published at novella-length in 1962 as Listen the Stars in Analog and then as part of an Ace Double in 1963; in 1972 the revised novel-length form was published by DAW Books.
 Strange Girl is a monthly comic series published by Image Comics. The author of the comic is Rick Remender with art by Eric Nguyen.
 Morvern Callar was the debut novel by Scottish author Alan Warner first published in 1995. Narrated in the first person it tells the story of Morvern who wakes up near Christmas to find her boyfriend dead in the kitchen:He'd cut His throat with the knife. He'd near chopped off His hand with the meat cleaver. He couldn't object so I lit a Silk Cut. A sort of wave of something was going across me.
 La joie de vivre (The Joy of Living) is the twelfth novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola. It was serialized in the periodical Gil Blas in 1883 before being published in book form by Charpentier in February 1884. It was translated into English by Ernest A. Vizetelly as How Jolly Life Is! in 1888 (reissued in 1901 as The Joy of Life reprinted in 2006) and by Jean Stewart as Zest for Life in 1955.The main character is Pauline Quenu (b.
 The International Journal of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science is a peer-reviewed quarterly scientific journal published jointly by the University of Zielona Góra and the Lubuskie Scientific Society since 1991. The editor-in-chief is Józef Korbicz. The journal covers various fields related to control theory applied mathematics scientific computing and computer science.
 The Niue Star is a weekly Niuean newspaper founded in 1993. It is Niue's only newspaper. Its founder owner editor journalist and photographer is Michael Jackson. The newspaper is distributed in Niue New Zealand and Australia and has a circulation of 800. It is a bilingual newspaper published both in English and in Niuean.The Niue Star was founded with the assistance of UNESCO which provided Jackson with equipment including a computer a digital camera and a printing press.
 ਹਮ ਹਿੰਦੂ ਨਹੀਂ (English: Ham Hindu Nahin; Translation: We (Sikhs) are not Hindus) also spelled as Hum Hindu Nahin is a 19th century Punjabi book by Bhai Kahn Singh Nabha on the distinction of the Sikh religion and identity.
 King's Wrath is the third and latest novel of the Valisar Trilogy by Australian author Fiona McIntosh. The book was published by HarperVoyager in 2010 and continues the story of Leo Pevin Loethar and the criminal Kilt Faris where Tyrant's Blood ended.
 Sisindiran is a Sundanese poem in which an allusion (sindir) is given by a combination of words which allude to the real meaning by sound association. Sisindiran (susualan) are often found in Sundanese verse: in tembang Sunda they occur mainly in the Panambih Songs. They invariably consist of a cangkang (cover rind skin) without meaning followed by a eusi (content or essence) the real meaning.
 What the Night Knows is a 2010 novel by bestselling author Dean Koontz. It reached #1 on the New York Times Bestseller List. Following the events of the novella Darkness Under the Sun it follows the life of John Calvino a survivor of a violent attack on his family and current police officer. In the aftermath of Billy Lucas's brutal slaying of his family Calvino notices many similarities between Billy Lucas's family and his own and Lucas knows more about Calvino than he possibly can.
 Mars Is Heaven! is a science fiction short story by Ray Bradbury originally published in 1948 in Planet Stories. Mars Is Heaven! was among the stories selected in 1970 by the Science Fiction Writers of America as one the best science fiction short stories published before the creation of the Nebula Awards. As such it was published in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume One 1929-1964. It also appears as the sixth chapter of The Martian Chronicles retitled The Third Expedition.
 The Age of Empire: 1875–1914 is a book by Eric Hobsbawm first published in 1987. It is the third in a trilogy of books about the long 19th century (coined by Hobsbawm) preceded by The Age of Revolution: Europe 1789–1848 and The Age of Capital: 1848–1875. A fourth book The Age of Extremes: The Short Twentieth Century 1914–1991 acts as a sequel to the trilogy.
 June (ジュネ) was the earliest yaoi (BL) magazine which began in 1978 as a response to the success of commercially published manga such as the works of female artists Keiko Takemiya Moto Hagio and Yumiko Ōshima. Other factors that influenced the founding of June were the rising popularity of depictions of bishōnen in the dōjinshi market and ambiguous musicians such as David Bowie and Queen.
 Jackass Investing: Don't do it. Profit from it. is a book written by Michael Dever published by Ignite LLC in 2011. Dever is the founder and CEO of Brandywine Asset Management Inc. an investment management firm founded in 1982.The book has also been released under the title Exploiting the Myths: Profiting from Wall Street's misguided beliefs.
 NoiZe Magazine is a published guide to circuit parties gay dance events and festivals. For 12 of its 18 years it was known under its original name Circuit Noize.Noize has been quoted and referenced in mainstream publications such as Out The New York Times Genre and the Chicago Tribune. Original Circuit Noize articles have been used by various local AIDS and gay health organizations for education safe sex and harm reduction.
 The Island on Bird Street (Hebrew: האי ברחוב הציפורים‎; The Island on Birds Street) is a 1981 semi-autobiographical children's book by Israeli author Uri Orlev which tells the story of a young boy Alex and his struggle to survive alone in a ghetto during World War II. The author received the 1996 Hans Christian Andersen Award for children's literature largely for this book which was translated into numerous languages and adapted into a play and a film.
 Naisho no Tsubomi (ないしょのつぼみ lit. Secret Tsubomi) is a Japanese shōjo manga authored by Yū Yabūchi and published by Shogakukan. As of 2011 7 volumes have been released in Japan. An OVA anime for the series was released on April 24 2008. A second OVA episode was released in June 2008. The series received the 2009 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.
 A Little Green Book of Monster Stories is a collection of short stories written by American author Joe R. Lansdale published by Borderlands Press as part of their Little Book series.
 An Unusual Angle (1983) was the debut novel by Australian science fiction writer Greg Egan by Norstrilia Press. It concerns a high school boy who makes movies inside his head using a bio-mechanical camera one using that he has grown. He is also able to send out other viewpoints controlled with his psi powers of which he has more power than anyone else he's ever met. Most of the book concerns the boy trying to get his films out of his head but no brain surgeon will believe him.
 Red Herring is a media company that publishes an innovation magazine an online daily technology news service technology newsletters and hosts events for technology leaders.Red Herring is perhaps best known for its Red Herring Top 100 technology awards and the international conferences it hosts each year.
 To the Nines is the ninth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum. Written in 2003 it's the second book in a row that doesn't revolve around a criminal bond and the first to take Stephanie out of New Jersey and into the neon glitz of Las Vegas.To the Nines appeared on the USA Today list of 150 best-selling novels for 17 weeks peaking at number 2.
 The House of Hunger (ISBN 0-435-90986-X) (1979) is a short story collection by the late Dambudzo Marechera. Subtitled Short Stories this work is actually a collection of one novella of 80-odd pages (House of Hunger) and nine sketches / stories.
 The Unknown is the 14th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Cassie.The front cover quote is Never underestimate the power of a morph.....
 The 65 Lakh Heist is first English version (translated by Sudarshan Purohit) of a Surender Mohan Pathak book. The Hindi crime thriller (पैंसठ लाख की डकैती Painstth Lakh ki Dacoity) was first published in 1977. It was the 4th book in the Vimal series.The novel begun the trend of anti-heroism in Indian pulp fiction and was very controversial.
 Housekeeping is a novel by Marilynne Robinson. It was published in 1980 nominated for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction (which Robinson would eventually win for her second novel Gilead) and awarded the PEN/Hemingway Award for best first novel.
 The Chronicles of Pern: First Fall is a 1993 collection of short fiction by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. All five stories are set on the fictional planet Pern; First Fall is one of two collections in the science fiction series Dragonriders of Pern.
 The Journal of Multivariate Analysis is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers applications and research in the field of multivariate statistical analysis. The journal's scope includes theoretical results as well as applications of new theoretical methods in the field.
 Metamo Kiss (メタモ☆キス Metamo Kisu) is a shōjo manga authored by Sora Omote (おもて空良 Omote Sora) and published by Kadokawa Shoten. As of October 2007 all 3 volumes are released in the US by TokyoPop.
 The European Heart Journal is a twice-monthly peer-reviewed medical journal of cardiology published for the European Society of Cardiology by Oxford University Press.
 Anna and the French Kiss is a 2010 debut novel by Stephanie Perkins. The book was published on December 2 2010 through Dutton Juvenile and was written during National Novel Writing Month. The book was followed with the sequels Lola and the Boy Next Door and Isla and the Happily Ever After.Of the book and her writing in general Perkins has stated that she wears a different scent for each book that she writes and that she wore lychee rose while writing Anna and the French Kiss.
 The Day of the Jackal (1971) is a thriller novel by English writer Frederick Forsyth about a professional assassin who is contracted by the OAS a French dissident paramilitary organisation to kill Charles de Gaulle the President of France.The novel received admiring reviews and praise when first published in 1971 and it received a 1972 Best Novel Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America.
 A Fête Worse Than Death: A Journey through an English Summer (ISBN 0-7553-1191-4) is a travel book by Iain Aitch. It was written in the summer of 2002 when the author took a trip around England to see what made the English act so strangely in the summer.The book was initially published by Review in 2003 and then in paperback in 2004.
 You Only Live Twice is the eleventh novel (and twelfth book) in Ian Fleming's James Bond series of stories. It was first published by Jonathan Cape in the United Kingdom on 26 March 1964 and sold out quickly. The book holds the distinction of being the last novel by Fleming to be published in his lifetime with subsequent works being published posthumously.
 Palestine is a graphic novel written and drawn by Joe Sacco about his experiences in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in December 1991 and January 1992. Sacco gives a portrayal which emphasizes the history and plight of the Palestinian people as a group and as individuals.
 Not Quite Dead is an underground comic book series by Gilbert Shelton and the French cartoonist Pic published in France by the magazine Flag and in the U.S. by Rip Off Press. The title is the name of a fictional band.
 The Post Magazine is a British magazine. It first appeared on Saturday 25 July 1840 just seven months after the introduction of the Penny Post postal system and was the first publication anywhere in the world to be sent by post – hence its name.Aimed at the UK's general insurance industry it also organises the all-party parliamentary group on insurance and financial services.The magazine is published by Incisive Media and underwent an image change in Autumn 2006.
 If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is a children's book written by Laura Numeroff and illustrated by Felicia Bond. Described as a circular tale it is Numeroff and Bond's first collaboration in what came to be the If You Give... Book™ series.
 Halfway Up the Tree is a comedy play about a British general who pretends to be a hippie. It was originally a stage vehicle for Robert Morley.
 Mars: The Home Front is a short story by George Alec Effinger published in War of the Worlds: Global Dispatches. It is a crossover between H. G. Wells' The War of the Worlds and Edgar Rice Burroughs' Barsoom series.
 All the Devils Are Here: The Hidden History of the Financial Crisis is a nonfiction book by authors Bethany McLean and Joseph Nocera about the 2008 financial crisis. It details how the financial crisis bubbled up from a volatile and bipartisan mixture of government meddling and laissez-faire. It concludes it was not an accident that banks understood the big picture before the crisis happened but continued with bad practices.
 Cloudesley: A Tale (1830) is the fifth novel published by eighteenth-century philosopher and novelist William Godwin.
 Ring of Fire III is an anthology created by editor-author-historian Eric Flint first published in hardcover by Baen Books in July 2011. It is the third anthology in the 1632 series following after Ring of Fire II (2008).The book includes twenty short stories together with a preface by the editor.
 Shi to Kanojo to Boku (死と彼女とぼく) is a Japanese horror manga series by Madoka Kawaguchi. It was adapted into a television series that premiered in 21 September 2012 in Japan.
 The Hippopotamus Pool is the eighth in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 Galactic Pot-Healer is a science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick first published in 1969. The novel deals with a number of philosophical and political issues such as repressive societies fatalism and the search for meaning in life. Dick also wrote a children's book set in the same universe Nick and the Glimmung in 1966. It was published posthumously in 1988.
 Muka Muka Paradise (ムカムカパラダイス) is a manga series by Yumiko Igarashi and Fumiko Shiba serialized between March 1993 and September 1994 in Shogakukan's Ciao magazine. It was later adapted into a 51 episode anime that aired in Japan between September 4 1993 and August 27 1994. The story revolves around a young girl named Uiba Shikatani and her newly found pet dinosaur which is named after the only words that come out of its mouth Muka Muka.
 Revista de Biologia (ISSN 0034-7736) is a peer-reviewed broad scope scientific journal that publishes novel research of special significance in all areas of biology. The journal contains rich literature about mediterranean and tropical ecology and has been published by the Botanical Garden of the University of Lisbon on a semi-annual basis since 1956.
 The Journal of French Language Studies is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal of linguistics covering the study of the French language. The journal was established in 1991 and is published by Cambridge University Press. Since 2004 one issue a year has been devoted to a particular theme.
 Foundation is the first novel in Isaac Asimov's Foundation Trilogy (later expanded into The Foundation Series). Foundation is a collection of five short stories which were first published together as a book by Gnome Press in 1951 which together form a single plot.Foundation saw multiple publications—it also appeared in 1955 as part of Ace Double's novel series as D-110 under the title The 1000-Year Plan.
 The Korea Times is the oldest of three English-language newspapers published daily in South Korea along with The Korea Herald and Korea JoongAng Daily. It is part of the same newspaper group as Hankook Ilbo a major Korean language daily. The group also publishes Sports Hankook and Seoul Economic Daily.Since its inception on November 1 1950 The Korea Times has seen itself as a gateway to South Korea for English-speaking visitors and the diplomatic corps.
 Back in the USSA (ISBN 0-929480-84-8) is a collection of 7 short stories by Eugene Byrne and Kim Newman which was published in 1997 by Mark V. Ziesing Books. The stories are linked through their setting an alternate history of the twentieth century in which the United States experienced a communist revolution in 1917 and became a communist superpower whereas Russia did not.
 The Bath Times is a weekly free newspaper published in Somerset England with three editions covering Bath Midsomer Norton Radstock and Frome. It is owned by Northcliffe Media part of the Daily Mail and General Trust newsgroup.As of 2006 the Bath Times is no longer in existence.
 The Winnipeg Tribune was a metropolitan daily newspaper serving Winnipeg Manitoba Canada from January 28 1890 to August 27 1980. The paper was founded by R.L. Richardson and D.L. McIntyre who acquired the press and premises of the old Winnipeg Sun newspaper. It was often viewed as a liberal newspaper focused on local news and events. The paper was owned by Southam Inc at the time of its demise. It was frequently referred to as The Trib.
 St. Joseph Communications is a Canadian communications company based out of Toronto.
 The National Interest (TNI) is an American bi-monthly international affairs magazine published by the Center for the National Interest. It is associated with the realist school of foreign policy thought. It was founded in 1985 by Irving Kristol and until 2001 was edited by Anglo-Australian Owen Harries.
 A Night of Serious Drinking (1938) is an allegorical novel by the French surrealist writer René Daumal detailing what is ostensibly an extremely simple plot in which the narrator overly imbibes alcohol; what unfolds however is a novel which explores the extremities of heaven and hell.
 The Visible Hand: The Managerial Revolution in American Business is a nonfiction book by American business historian Alfred D. Chandler Jr. published by Harvard University Press in 1977.
 Epilepsia is a peer-reviewed medical journal focusing on all aspects of epilepsy. It is the official journal of the International League Against Epilepsy is published by Wiley-Blackwell and is edited by Philip A. Schwartzkroin and Simon D. Shorvon.
 Yūkan Club (有閑倶楽部 Yūkan Kurabu lit. The Leisure Club) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yukari Ichijo. It is serialized in Shueisha's Bessatsu Margaret. Yūkan Club received the 1986 Kodansha Manga Award for the shōjo category. The manga was adapted into an original video animation by Madhouse Studios. It was also adapted into a Japanese television drama.
 August Man is a monthly men's luxury lifestyle publication based in Singapore which launched in September 2006. The magazine's fields of focus include fashion design travel art architecture food sports health business books music film motoring and watches. Actors Ken Watanabe Francis Ng and Daniel Dae Kim Japanese soccer star Hidetoshi Nakata and chef/author/TV presenter Anthony Bourdain featured on August Man's cover.
 The New York Post is an American daily newspaper primarily distributed in New York City and its surrounding area. It is the 13th-oldest and seventh-most-widely circulated newspaper in the United States. Established in 1801 by federalist Alexander Hamilton it became a respected broadsheet in the 19th century under the name New York Evening Post.
 Captivi is a Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus. The title has been translated as The Captives or The Prisoners and the plot concerns slavery and prisoners of war. Although the play contains much broad humor it is a relatively serious treatment of significant themes compared to most of Plautus’ other comedies. Plautus himself points out the difference in tone between this play and his other works in Captivi’s prologue.
 Down to Earth is an Indian science and environment fortnightly established by the Society for Environmental Communications in May 1992. The magazine informs people about environmental threats facing India and the world. DTE has become a reading habit in 400 of about 500 districts of the country — more than any other Indian newspaper or magazine.
 Good Housekeeping is a women's magazine owned by the Hearst Corporation featuring articles about women's interests product testing by The Good Housekeeping Institute recipes diet health as well as literary articles. It is well known for the Good Housekeeping Seal popularly known as the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval.The magazine was founded May 2 1885 by Clark W.
 Still the scraps of prison (Persian: هنوز هم؛ ورق پاره های زندان  hanooz ham‎; varagh parehaye zendan) is a 2005 political memoir written by Amir-Abbas Fakhravar based on his experiences in prisons in Iran.
 Twill is a quarterly magazine published between Paris and Milan it has an international readership. It combines fashion spreads often with erotic overtones with articles on political and cultural subjects. The articles are published in their original language without translation the majority of which are English followed by Italian French and Spanish. Twill is a unique venture in publishing that some media have labeled an intellectual fashion magazine.
 The Pop-Up or Unfolds or in full The World Unfolds is a name given to any one of a range of patented self-folding subject guides and street maps for cities around the world published by VanDam Inc.. The first Unfolds pop-up map was designed and published in the 1984 by Stephan Van Dam as part of a series of 18 international maps which American Express offered to card members.
 Rome News-Tribune is the local daily newspaper of Rome Georgia. Begun originally as a weekly newspaper the paper has survived several merges with other newspapers. Aside from several months during the Civil War the paper has been published continuously since 1843. It is owned by the News Publishing Company.
 G. is a 1972 novel by John Berger. The novel's setting is pre-First World War Europe and its protagonist named G. is a Don Juan or Casanova-like lover of women who gradually comes to political consciousness after misadventures across the continent. The novel Berger's most formally experimental[citation needed] won both the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction and the Booker Prize.
 The Phoenix Unchained is the first book of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory's The Enduring Flame Trilogy. Its sequel is The Phoenix Endangered.
 Aesthetica is a British arts and culture magazine. Founded in 2002 Aesthetica Magazine covers literature visual arts music film and theatre. It has a readership of 140000 and national and international distribution. Cherie Federico managing editor of Aesthetica was appointed a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
 The International Journal of Forecasting is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal on forecasting. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Institute of Forecasters. Its objective is to unify the field of forecasting and to bridge the gap between theory and practice making forecasting useful and relevant for decision and policy makers. It was established in 1985. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 1.853.
 Lost Ships is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Diddakoi is a 1972 novel for children by Rumer Godden. It won the 1972 Whitbread Award in the Children's Book category. It is the story of an orphan traveller or Romani girl called Kizzy who faces persecution grief and loss in a hostile close-knit village community. The title is an alternative spelling of the term didicoy.It was dramatised as a television serial Kizzy (1976) which was produced by Dorothea Brooking for the BBC with Vanessa Furst as Kizzy.
 Transportation Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences (INFORMS). The studies published in the journal apply operations research techniques to problems in the full range of transportation sectors including air travel rail transport commuter lines and vehicular travel/traffic. From time to time studies published in Transportation Science are featured in mainstream publications.
 Kwong Wah Yit Poh or Kwong Wah Daily (simplified Chinese: 光华日报; traditional Chinese: 光華日報; pinyin: Guānghuá Rìbào) is a Malaysian Chinese daily that was founded in 20 December 1910 by Dr. Sun Yat-sen. It is the oldest Chinese language newspaper in Malaysia and outside of Mainland China Hong Kong and Taiwan as well the world's oldest surviving Chinese newspaper (though Ta Kung Pao is the oldest active Chinese language newspaper in the world).
 ACM Multimedia (ACM-MM) is the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)'s annual conference on multimedia sponsored by the SIGMM special interest group on multimedia in the ACM. SIGMM specializes in the field of multimedia computing from underlying technologies to applications theory to practice and servers to networks to devices.In 2003 the conference was given an Estimated impact factor of 1.22 by CiteSeer placing it in the top 15% of computer science publication venues.
 Bossypants is an autobiographical comedy book written by American comedian Tina Fey. The book topped The New York Times Best Seller list and stayed there for five weeks upon its release. Since its release the book has sold over one million copies in the U.S. Fey's Grammy nominated narration of the audio book has sold over 150000 copies on Audible.com. A paperback reprint edition was released in January 2012 from Reagan Arthur Books an imprint of Little Brown.
 Demon Knights is a DC Comics title launched in 2011 as part of that company's line-wide title relaunch The New 52. It is a team title featuring Etrigan Madame Xanadu Shining Knight and others. Its main difference to other team titles such as the Justice League is that this team is based in the Medieval period of the DC Universe history. Its initial writer is Paul Cornell with art by Diogenes Neves.
 Animation is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of film and media studies focusing on animations implications for other forms of media. The editor-in-chief is Suzanne Buchan (University for the Creative Arts). It was established in 2006 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Clinical Risk is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of clinical practice. The journal's editor is Hilary Merrett (University of Brighton). It has been in publication since 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Pound is a Toronto-based hip hop magazine that is distributed for free across Canada. Founded in 1998 and beginning publication in December 1999 Pound is published quarterly. As of July 2009 the magazine had published 42 issues.
 Paranormal Magazine is a glossy monthly magazine devoted to the subject of supernatural phenomena. It is published by Jazz Fashion Publishing Ltd in the UK and is sold throughout the English-speaking world. The periodical's slogan is: Exploring the world of the unexplained.
 The Worthing Saga (1990) is a science fiction book by American writer Orson Scott Card set in the Worthing series. It is made up of the novel The Worthing Chronicle (1982) and nine related stories. Six of the stories are from Card’s short story collection Capitol (1979) and the other three are early works two of them previously unpublished.
 The Amherst Citizen is a weekly newspaper serving Cumberland County Nova Scotia. It has a circulation of under 3828. Its sister weekly publication is the Springhill Record.
 The Art of Intrusion: The Real Stories Behind the Exploits of Hackers Intruders & Deceivers is a book by Kevin Mitnick that is a collection of stories about social engineering as performed by other hackers. Each story ends by summarizing insight into the attack as well as measures to defend against it. The book was published after Mitnick's first book The Art of Deception and explores the same themes introduced in the first book.
 The City Sun was a weekly newspaper that was published in Brooklyn from 1984 through 1996. Its primary focus was on issues of interest to African Americans in New York City.The City Sun was founded by African-American journalists Andrew W. Cooper and Utrice C. Leid. Cooper served as publisher and Leid as managing editor.
 In the Blood is a psychological thriller by bestselling author Lisa Unger. It is a standalone novel but takes place in The Hollows.
 Intersec the Journal of International Security is a specialised international magazine founded in 1991. It is published by Albany Media Ltd based in London UK.
 The Journal of Simulation is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research and practice in the field of discrete event simulation. It is an official journal of The Operational Research Society.
 Death in the Clouds is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company on 10 March 1935 under the title of Death in the Air and in UK by the Collins Crime Club in the July of the same year under Christie's original title. The US edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6). The book features the Belgian detective Hercule Poirot and Chief Inspector Japp.
 Lightnin' is a comedy play in three-acts by Winchell Smith and Frank Bacon. The play was produced by John Golden and directed by P. E. McCoy. With Frank Bacon in the lead role and billed as “A Live Wire American Comedy” Lightnin' made its Broadway debut on August 26 1918 at the Gaiety Theatre and played continuously over three seasons with a record breaking run of 1291 performances.
 The Ends of the Earth (original title: Il confine del Mondo) is the third and last part of Valerio Massimo Manfredi's trilogy on Alexander the Great. After the Oracle of Ammon told him he is the son of Zeus Alexander feels invincible and marches north towards the historic town of Babylon. The beautiful city is ravaged and the Palace of Persepolis the former residence of King Darius is burnt to ashes together with the memories of the old Empire.
 The Short Happy Life of the Brown Oxford is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1990 and reprints Volume I of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick.
 Health Promotion Practice is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal that covers research in the field of public health especially the practical application of health promotion and education. The editor-in-chief is Leonard Jack Jr. (Xavier University of Louisiana). It was established in 2000 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Public Health Education.
 Canadian Literature is a quarterly of criticism and review published by the University of British Columbia.Canadian Literature was founded in 1959 by George Woodcock who produced seventy-three issues before retiring in 1977. After Woodcock's retirement the University of British Columbia invited William H. New formerly an advisory editor to act as editor. New headed the journal until 1995 producing seventy-two issues. Between 1995 and 2003 Eva-Marie Kröller took up the role of editor.
 The Outsider is a novel by American author Richard Wright first published in 1953. The Outsider is Richard Wright's second installment in a story of epic proportions a complex master narrative to show American racism in raw and ugly terms. The kind of racism that Wright knew and experienced a racism from which most black people of his own time could not escape remained the central element in his fiction.
 The Kingston Guardian is a weekly free local newspaper covering the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames in South West London. It is published once a week on a Thursday and is distributed free of charge.
 Accounting History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the history of accounting. The journal's editors-in-chief are Garry Carnegie (RMIT University) and Brian West (University of Ballarat). It was established in 1996 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the Accounting History Special Interest Group of the Accounting and Finance Association of Australia and New Zealand.
 William's Crowded Hours is the thirteenth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1931.
 The Secret Agent on Flight 101 is Volume 46 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Tom Mulvey (who also wrote volume 8 of the Tom Swift Jr. series) in 1967. Mulvey was also responsible for editing other Stratemeyer Syndicate stories with aviation content.
 A Stroke of Midnight is the fourth novel in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Team Titans was a comic book published by DC Comics that spun out of DC's New Titans series. It began in September 1992 and ended in September 1994. The Team Titans were first introduced as a shadowy group stalking the Titans. Their backstory was revealed in New Titans Annual #7 by writer Marv Wolfman and were popular enough to merit their own series which Wolfman also wrote. Phil Jimenez and Jeff Jensen took over writing duties with issue #13 and co-wrote the book until its cancellation.
 Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great is a children's novel published in 1972 and written by Judy Blume.
 The Cook Political Report is an independent non-partisan online newsletter that analyzes elections and campaigns for the United States House of Representatives the United States Senate Governor's offices and the American Presidency. The Cook Political Report is led by a staff of five.
 The Journal of Cuneiform Studies was founded in 1947 by the Baghdad School of the American Schools of Oriental Research. The journal presents articles about ancient Mesopotamian language and history in English French and German.
 Spellfall is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts published on 19 October 2000 by The Chicken House and aimed at pre-teens.
 The Idea (French: Idée) is a 1920 wordless novel by Flemish artist Frans Masereel (1889–1972). In eighty-three woodcut prints the book tells an allegory of a man's idea which takes the form of a naked woman who goes out into the world; the authorities try to suppress her nakedness and execute a man who stands up for her. Her image is spread through the mass media inciting a disruption of the social order. Filmmaker Berthold Bartosch made an animated adaptation in 1932.
 Caros Amigos (Portuguese for Dear friends) is a monthly Brazilian magazine which focuses on politics social issues and culture from a left wing point of view. It is published in São Paulo and distributed throughout the country by Editora Casa Amarela. The magazine features articles from a large spectrum of left-wing authors such as José Arbexand Frei Betto which is now an objector of Lula.Sérgio de Souza the co-founder and editor of Caros Amigos died on March 25 2008.
 In a Different Voice: Psychological Theory and Women's Development is book on gender studies by American professor Carol Gilligan published in 1982 which Harvard University Press in March 2012 called the little book that started a revolution. In the book Gilligan criticized Kohlberg's Stages of Moral Development of children. Kohlberg had argued that girls on average reached a lower level of moral development than boys did.
 Eight Lectures on Yoga is a book by English occultist and teacher Aleister Crowley about the practice of Yoga. The book is number 4 of volume 3 of the Equinox which was published by the Ordo Templi Orientis. The work is largely a demystified look at yoga using little to no jargon or satirical humor. It is divided under two sections into eight parts which are transcripts of eight one-hour lectures on the subject given by Crowley. The book was originally published in 1939.
 The Akron Beacon Journal is a four-time Pulitzer Prize-winning morning newspaper in Akron Ohio United States and published by Black Press Ltd.. It is the sole daily newspaper in Akron and is distributed throughout Northeast Ohio. The paper places a strong emphasis on local news and business. Industries historically tied to the area are also well-covered such as rubber and tire production.
 Mrs. King: The Life and Times of Isabel Mackenzie King is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Charlotte Gray first published in 1997 by Penguin Books. In the book the author chronicles the life of William Lyon Mackenzie's daughter; the mother of Canada's longest serving prime minister William Lyon Mackenzie King.
 The Still Point is a 2010 novel by British author Amy Sackville. The book was Sackville's debut novel and was the winner of the 2010 John Llewellyn Rhys Prize. It had also earlier been nominated for that year's Orange Prize for Fiction.
 Jungle Girl is an Edgar Rice Burroughs Lost World novel set in a forgotten kingdom in the jungles of Cambodia.It was begun in 1929-10-02 under the working title The Dancing Girl of the Leper King it was first run serially in five installments from May to September 1931 by Blue Book Magazine under the title The Land of Hidden Men. The book version was first published by ERB Inc. on 1932-04-15.
 My Father's Dragon is a children's novel by Ruth Stiles Gannett about a young boy Elmer Elevator who runs away to Wild Island to rescue a baby Dragon. Both a Newbery Honor Book and an ALA Notable Book it is the first book of a trilogy whose other titles are Elmer and the Dragon and The Dragons of Blueland. All three were published in a 50-year anniversary edition as Three Tales of My Father's Dragon.
 A Princess of Landover by Terry Brooks is the sixth novel of the Magic Kingdom of Landover series.
 Baifa Monü Zhuan is a wuxia novel by Liang Yusheng. It was serialised between 5 August 1957 and 10 December 1958 in the Hong Kong newspaper Sin Wun Pao. It is closely related to Qijian Xia Tianshan and Saiwai Qixia Zhuan. The novel has been adapted into films and television series such as The Bride with White Hair and The Romance of the White Hair Maiden.
 Alcheringa: An Australasian Journal of Palaeontology is the official journal of the Association of Australasian Palaeontologists.
 Me & My Brothers (お兄ちゃんと一緒 Onii-chan to Issho) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hari Tokeino. The collected volumes are published by Hakusensha under the imprint Hana to Yume Comics.
 The Hockey Stick Illusion: Climategate and the Corruption of Science is a book written by Andrew Montford and published by Stacey International in 2010. Montford an accountant and science publisher who publishes a climate sceptic blog provides his analysis of the history of the hockey stick graph of global temperatures for the last 1000 years and the controversy surrounding the research which produced the graph.
 The Cobra King of Kathmandu is the third novel in the Children of the Lamp trilogy by P. B. Kerr. It was released in December 2006 in both the UK and USA.
 The Journal of Experimental Psychology: Applied is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of APA Division 21. The journal was established in 1995 and covers research in experimental psychology. More specifically the journal includes empirical investigations in experimental psychology that bridge practically oriented problems and psychological theory. The editor-in-chief is Wendy A. Rogers (Georgia Institute of Technology).
 The Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine is an open peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the flagship journal of the Royal Society of Medicine with full editorial independence. Its continuous publication history dates back to 1907 although it continues a publication legacy dating back to 1809. The present editor in chief is Kamran Abbasi a former deputy and acting editor at BMJ. Abbasi was appointed in July 2005 following the retirement of Robin Fox who was editor for just under 10 years.
 Sex and the City is a collection of essays by Candace Bushnell based on her and her friends' lifestyles. It was first published in 1997 and re-published in 2001 2006 and in 2008 as a 10th anniversary movie tie-in edition.The book is an anthology of columns that Bushnell began writing in 1994 for The New York Observer.
 LyreBird (Tales of Helpmann) is a play by Tyler Coppin about the life and career of Australian dancer actor director and choreographer Sir Robert Helpmann. The one-man play premiered at the 1998 Adelaide Festival of Arts before touring Australia and to New Zealand. LyreBird Tales of Helpmann has been performed at the Sydney Opera House (Sydney Theatre Company) the City of London Festival venues in the UK and the 1999 and 2001 Edinburgh Festival.
 Cardography (1987) is a short story collection by Orson Scott Card. It contains five stories and an introduction by David Hartwell. All five of these stories were later published in Maps in a Mirror
 The Sight is a novel written by David Clement-Davies about a pack of wolves. The pack members are: Huttser Palla Khaz Kipcha Brassa Bran Larka and Fell though Kar and Palla's brother Skop join later.
 Six Walks in the Fictional Woods is a book by Umberto Eco.
 Hunger (Norwegian: Sult) is a novel by the Norwegian author Knut Hamsun published in 1890. Parts of it had been published anonymously in the Danish magazine Ny Jord in 1888. The novel has been hailed as the literary opening of the 20th century and an outstanding example of modern psychology-driven literature.
 Last Watch (also published as Final Watch) (Posledniy Dozor Последний дозор) is a fantasy novel by Russian writer Sergey Lukyanenko. It is the sequel to Night Watch Day Watch and Twilight Watch and prequel to New Watch.
 Maze the Megaburst Space (MAZE☆爆熱時空 Meizu Bakunetsu Jikū) is a fantasy anime series featuring both sex-based humor and mecha themes that is based on an original light novel. The anime version was first released as an OVA then a full length TV series and finally as a sequel movie. The OVA and anime TV series versions were licensed in the U.S. by Central Park Media and released on DVD under their Software Sculptors label.
 Dragon: the Old Potter’s Tale (龍 Ryū) is a short story by Ryūnosuke Akutagawa. It was first published in a collection of Akutagawa short stories Akutagawa Ryūnosuke zenshū. The story is based on a thirteenth-century Japanese tale with Akutagawa’s Taishō literary interpretations of modern psychology and the nature of religion.
 The Simpsons: An Uncensored Unauthorized History is a book about the American animated television series The Simpsons. It was written by John Ortved and first published in October 2009 by Faber and Faber. In the United Kingdom the book is called Simpsons Confidential: The uncensored totally unauthorised history of the world's greatest TV show by the people that made it. The book is an oral history of the show and concentrates particularly on the writers and producers of the show.
 The Journal-Courier is an American daily newspaper published in Jacksonville Illinois. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.With a history dating back to 1830 the Journal-Courier claims to be the oldest continuously published newspaper in Illinois.
 William Yarrell's A History of British Birds was first published as a whole in three volumes in 1843 having been serialized three sheets every two months over the previous six years. It is not a history of ornithology but a natural history a handbook or field guide systematically describing every species of bird known to occur in Britain.
 MEGA subtitled '100% pure Sega Mega Drive...' was a monthly magazine published in the United Kingdom aimed at users of the Sega Mega Drive and its additions the Mega-CD and 32X. During its time as one of the main Mega Drive publications Mega covered the golden age of the Sega Mega Drive from 1992 to 1995. The magazine went through many changes including a re-design in content and layout before being sold to a rival publisher.
 The Sydney Law Review is a peer-reviewed law journal established in 1953.
 Acoustic Magazine is a British glossy publication that deals only in acoustic music. Originally bi-monthly it is now a monthly publication and carries reviews features lessons vintage guitar advice and all manner of items to do with this genre.Columnists include Pierre Bensusan Maartin Allcock Doyle Dykes Chris Gibbons Simon Mayor Gordon Giltrap and Julie Ellison.
 Salad Days (サラダデイズ Sarada Deizu) is a romantic shōnen manga created by Shinobu Inokuma and serialized in Shōnen Sunday by Shogakukan. The manga is a collection of romance stories in a high school and college setting covering various aspects of romance and relationships from finding love to dealing with it and the pain that can come from it. Almost all of the stories are standalone with one exception that becomes a recurring storyline at various points in the last two-thirds of the manga.
 This article is about a novel for the video game see Dolphin Island (video game)Dolphin Island: A Story of the People of the Sea is a novel by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1963.
 Dies the Fire is a 2004 alternate history and post-apocalyptic novel written by S. M. Stirling. It is the first installment of the Emberverse series and is a spin-off from S.M. Stirling's Nantucket series where the Massachusetts island of Nantucket is thrown back in time from March 1998 to the Bronze Age.In Dies the Fire S.M.
 Laboratory Investigation is a peer-reviewed medical journal of pathology published by the Nature Publishing Group. The journal had a 2012 impact factor of 3.961 ranking it 14th out of 77 in the category Pathology and 30th out of 121 in the category Medicine Research & Experimental. It is the official journal of the United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology.
 Alive! is a free monthly publication in the style of a newspaper which has been produced since its first edition in 1996 by Alive Group an organisation with an address at the Dominican Order St Mary's Priory Tallaght in Dublin Republic of Ireland. The current editor is a Catholic priest Fr Brian McKevitt who refers to the publication as a 'newszine'.
 Applied Economic Perspectives and Policy (AEPP) is a peer-reviewed journal of applied economics and policy. Published four times per year it is the one of two journals published by the Agricultural & Applied Economics Association (AAEA) along with the American Journal of Agricultural Economics (AJAE).
 The International Journal of Press/Politics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covering the field of journalism especially the linkages between the news media and political processes and actors. The editor-in-chief is Silvio Waisbord (George Washington University). It was established in 1996 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Monkey King (西遊奇伝 大猿王 Saiyukiden Daienō literally - Legendary Journey to the West: The Great Monkey King) also known as Katsuya Terada's The Monkey King is a dark fantasy manga series written and illustrated in full color by Katsuya Terada.
 Governance is published by the Structure and Organization of Government Committee (Research Committee 27) of the International Political Science Association. It covers the theoretical and practical discussion of executive politics public policy administration and the organization of the state. In 2007 it was ranked 25th in the Journal Citation Reports ranking for political science and 9th in the ranking for public administration.The journal's co-editors are Robert H.
 All the Beautiful Sinners is a 2003 novel by Stephen Graham Jones.
 Old Times in Plodomasovo (Ста′рые го′ды в селе′ Плодома′сове) is a novel by Nikolai Leskov which was first published in 1869 and later formed a trilogy with The Cathedral Clergy (1872) and A Decayed Family (1874).The publication of the chronicles started in the February (#2) 1869 issue of The Russian Messenger magazine when Part 3 of it came out under the title Plodomasovo midgets. Pictures of Old Russia Life.
 Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is a 1976 novel by Tom Robbins.
 Rruga e Arbërit is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Chasing Darkness is a 2008 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the twelfth in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole. It was nominated for the Best Mystery Award by the Southern California Independent Booksellers Association.
 Khimiya i Zhizn – XXI Vek (Russian: Химия и жизнь – XXI век Chemistry and Life – XXI Century) is a Russian popular scientific monthly magazine known as simply Khimiya i Zhizn during Soviet times.The first issue of the magazine was published in April 1965 with the circulation of 12500. Lately this figure reached 150000. Since 1997 the magazine is known as Khimiya i Zhizn – XXI Vek.
 Sapphira and the Slave Girl is Willa Cather's last novel published in 1940. It is the story of Sapphira Dodderidge Colbert a bitter but privileged white woman who becomes irrationally jealous of Nancy a beautiful young slave. The book balances an atmospheric portrait of antebellum Virginia against an unblinking view of the lives of Sapphira's slaves.
 The Financial News is a financial newspaper and news website published in London. It is a weekly investment banking fund management and securities industries newspaper published by eFinancialNews Limited. Financial News was founded in 1996.Financial news is owned by Dow Jones & Company who acquired eFinancial News in 2007.
 MinnPost is a non-profit online newspaper in Minneapolis Minnesota with a focus on Minnesota news.According to its website MinnPost.com provides news and analysis Monday through Friday based on reporting by professional journalists most of whom have decades of experience in the Twin Cities media. The site features video and audio as well as written stories.
 Inspector French and the Starvel Tragedy is a crime novel by Freeman Wills Crofts featuring Inspector Joseph French of Scotland Yard.
 The River at the Center of the World: A Journey Up the Yangtze and Back in Chinese Time (ISBN 0-312-42337-3) is a book by Simon Winchester. It details his travels up the Yangtze river in China and was first published in 1996.Viewing an ancient Chinese painting scroll drawn by Wang Hui gives the author the inspiration on how to structure his book. He starts his journey in Shanghai at the Yangtze river's delta and makes his way upriver to the headwaters.
 The Contemporary Review is a British biannual formerly quarterly magazine. It has an uncertain future as of 2013.
 SpyBoy is a comic book series created in 1999 by writer Peter David and artists Pop Mhan and Norman Lee and published by Dark Horse Comics.
 Red White and Tuna is the third in a series of comedic plays (preceded by Greater Tuna and A Tuna Christmas and followed by Tuna Does Vegas) each set in the fictional town of Tuna Texas the third-smallest town in the state. The plays were written by Jaston Williams Joe Sears and Ed Howard. The plays are at once an affectionate comment on small-town Southern life and attitudes but also a withering satire of same.
 Rhinoceros was a 1960 production of Eugène Ionesco's surrealist play of the same name which had been written the year before. It was the first English-language production of the play starred future husband-and-wife team Laurence Olivier and Joan Plowright and was directed by Orson Welles. Olivier also co-produced the play which was Welles's last work as a theatre director.
 Threepenny Novel is a work of fiction written by Bertolt Brecht first published in Amsterdam by Allert de Lange (nl) in 1934 as Dreigroschenroman. The novel retains certain elements of the The Threepenny Opera – for instance characters such as Macheath and Polly – but is essentially a completely separate work in tone ambition and purpose.
 The Quants is the debut New York Times best selling book by Wall Street journalist Scott Patterson. It was relesead on February 2 2010 by Crown Business. The book describes the world of quantitative analysis and the various hedge funds that use the technique.
 The Indian Journal of Ophthalmology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the All India Ophthalmological Society. The journal publishes articles on ophthalmology and vision science.
 Tower of the Future (未来のうてな Mirai no Utena) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Saki Hiwatari. The manga was serialised in Hakusensha's Hana to Yume and collected in eleven tankōbon volumes which were released between March 1995 and April 1999. The series has been licensed in North America by CMX Manga which released the manga's eleven tankōbon volumes between August 16 2005 and June 18 2008. It is also licensed in France as Mirai no Utena - La Mélodie du futur by Delcourt.
 Kushiel's Dart is Jacqueline Carey's first novel and the first of the novels in her Kushiel's Legacy series. The idea for this book first came to Carey when she was reading the Biblical Book of Genesis and specifically a passage about sons of God coming into the daughters of Men. Later when she was writing a coffee table book she encountered Jewish folklore which paralleled the story in greater detail. The fictional nation of Terre D'Ange in the story was founded by a rebel angel.
 This Fortress World is a science fiction novel by author James E. Gunn. It was published in 1955 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies.
 Sugar and Spice is a young-adult novel by American author Lauren Conrad. Released in hardcover on October 5 2010 it is the third and final novel of the L.A. Candy series.
 The Way to Paradise (Spanish: El paraíso en la otra esquina) is a novel published by Mario Vargas Llosa in 2003.The novel is a historical double biography of Post-Impressionist painter Paul Gauguin and his grandmother Flora Tristan one of the founders of feminism. The book is divided into 22 chapters each alternating narratives of Flora Tristan and Paul Gauguin the grandson she never knew as he was born after she died.
 Linebarrels of Iron (鉄のラインバレル Kurogane no Rainbareru) is a Japanese manga series created by Eiichi Shimizu and Tomohiro Shimoguchi. The series was first serialized in Akita Shoten's monthly shōnen manga magazine Champion Red in 2005. It has since been compiled into eleven tankōbon as of November 20 2008.
 Not Private Eye was a one-off spoof of the British satirical magazine Private Eye.
 Anthill: A Novel is the first extended work of fiction written by Edward O. Wilson. The novel published in 2010 won the Chicago Tribune's Heartland Prize for fiction.Anthill is set in Alabama and follows protagonist Raff Semmes who sets out to save the Nokobee wilderness from developers. The novel explores a concurrent civil war between rival ant colonies struggling to dominate the riverine wilderness.
 The Empty Throne is a novel based in the 9th century Anglo-Saxon Mercia and Northumbria. It is the eighth book in Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Stories.
 The Melody of Oblivion (忘却の旋律 Bōkyaku no Senritsu) is an anime series by J.C.Staff with some involvement from Gainax. The series is 24 episodes long and originally aired between April 7 2004 and September 21 2004.
 XLR8R (pronounced accelerator) is a magazine and website that covers music culture style and technology. It was founded as a newsprint ‘zine in 1993 by publisher Andrew Smith in Seattle; the magazine currently has offices in San Francisco and New York. While XLR8R’s initial focus was on electronic music it has over the years widened its scope to include indie rock hip-hop and reggae/dancehall music as well as related trends in style art fashion and technology.
 Shosha is a novel originally written in Yiddish by Nobel Prize winning author Isaac Bashevis Singer. It is about the aspiring author Aaron Greidinger who lives in the Hasidic quarter of the Jewish neighborhood of Warsaw during the 1930s. I was an anachronism in every way but I didn't know it just as I didn't know that my friendship with Shosha [..] had anything to do with love. Aaron had many love affairs with women but the only woman he truly loved was Shosha his childhood friend.
 Natasha and Other Stories (ISBN 0-374-28141-6) is a collection of short stories by Canadian author David Bezmozgis. His first published book Natasha was published in 2004. Stories from the collection first appeared in The New Yorker Harper's and Zoetrope All-Story.The book is a collection of linked stories about the Bermans a Jewish family from Latvia adapting to their new life as immigrants to Canada.
 The American Boy was a monthly magazine published by The Sprague Publishing Co. of Detroit Michigan from November 1899 to August 1941. At the time it was the largest magazine for boys with a circulation of 300000 and it featured action stories and advertising for the young boy.In 1911 a copy cost $0.10 and a years subscription was $1.00. Format was 16” high by 12” wide. Founded by William C.
 Servet-i Fünun (The Wealth of Knowledge) was an avant-garde journal that Halit Ziya (Uşaklıgil) and the other writers of the New literature (Ottoman Turkish: Edebiyat-ı Cedide) movement published to inform their readers about European particularly French cultural and intellectual movements.
 The World of Lucha Libre: Secrets Revelations and Mexican National Identity is a book published in 2008 by Heather Levi. The book is an account of lucha libre a term used in Mexico for a form of professional wrestling. From her perspective of the inner workings of lucha libre Levi observes this form of wrestling as a cultural performance an occupational subculture and a set of symbols that circulate through Mexican culture and politics.
 Chicks 'n Chained Males is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Esther M. Friesner with the assistance of Martin H. Greenberg with a cover by Larry Elmore. It consists of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in May 1999. It was the third of a number of similarly themed anthologies edited by Friesner.The book collects eighteen short stories by various fantasy authors with an introduction by Friesner.
 They Came on Viking Ships is a children's historical novel by Jackie French first published in Australia in 2005. In 2007 it was retitled as Slave Girl for its publication in Britain and Rover for its publication in the United States.
 The Bolshevik Myth (Diary 1920–1922) is a book by Alexander Berkman describing his experiences in Bolshevist Russia from 1920 to 1922 where he saw the aftermath of the Russian Revolution of 1917. Written in the form of a diary The Bolshevik Myth describes how Berkman's initial enthusiasm for the revolution faded as he became disillusioned with the Bolsheviks and their suppression of all political dissent.
 Lucky Starr and the Oceans of Venus is the third novel in the Lucky Starr series six juvenile science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov that originally appeared under the pseudonym Paul French. The novel was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1954.
 The International Journal of Audiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in audiology including psychoacoustics anatomy physiology cellular and molecular biology genetics neuroscience speech and hearing sciences and rehabilitation devices.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Judge Dee at Work is a collection of gong'an detective short stories written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty).
 People en Español (People (magazine) in the Spanish language) is a Spanish-language American magazine published by Time Inc. (a division of Time Warner) that debuted in 1996 originally as the Spanish-language edition of its publication People. As of 2009 it is the Spanish-language magazine with the largest readership in the United States reaching 6.4 million readers with each issue.
 Desperation is a horror novel by Stephen King. It was published in 1996 at the same time as its mirror novel The Regulators. It was made into a TV film starring Ron Perlman Tom Skeritt and Steven Weber in 2006.The two novels represent parallel universes relative to one another and most of the characters present in one novel's world also exist in the other novel's reality albeit in different circumstances.
 Whispering Nickel Idols is the eleventh novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 Raising Atlantis (2005) is a novel by Thomas Greanias. It was the author's first attempt at a thriller and his first novel. The story follows two characters an archaeologist named Conrad Yeats (pronounced Yates) and a linguist (and former nun) named Serena Seghetti during their exploits to thwart terrorist organizations who wish to use knowledge from Atlantis to take over the world.
 The Sunday Examiner is a newspaper owned by the Catholic Diocese of Hong Kong. The newspaper is published weekly and is available every Sunday at the Catholic churches in Hong Kong. The medium of the newspaper is the English language whereas Kung Kao Po another publication produced by the Diocese is published in Chinese.
 Cosmic Trigger II: Down to Earth is the second book in the Cosmic Trigger series a three-volume autobiographical and philosophical work by Robert Anton Wilson.First published in 1991 Cosmic Trigger II continues where Cosmic Trigger I: The Final Secret of the Illuminati left off as well as being a set piece in itself. Wilson continues the Illuminati-based synchronicities that have taken place since Cosmic Trigger I was first published.
 American Cinematographer is a monthly magazine published by the American Society of Cinematographers. It focuses on the art and craft of cinematography covering domestic and foreign feature productions television productions short films music videos and commercials. The emphasis is on interviews with cinematographers but directors and other filmmakers are often featured as well.
 The New Jerusalem is a 1920 book written by British writer G. K. Chesterton. Dale Ahlquist calls it a philosophical travelogue of Chesterton's journey across Europe to Palestine.
 Hanada Shōnen Shi (花田少年史 lit. The Record of Boy Hanada) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Makoto Isshiki about a mischievous young boy called Hanada Ichiro who attains the ability to see and talk to the supernatural after an accident to the back of his head. It was serialized in Mr. Magazine from 1993 to 1995.
 Philosophy East and West is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering non-Western traditions of philosophy in relation to Anglo-American philosophy integrating the discipline with literature science and social practices. Special issues have been devoted to topics as diverse as Problems of the Self Existence: An East-West Dialogue Philosophy and Revolution and Environmental Ethics.The journal was established in 1951 by Charles A.
 Empty Heart: False Love (Empty Heart ~偽りの恋だから~ Empty Heart ~Itsuwari no Koi Dakara~) is a yaoi manga by Minase Masara.
 Vinegar Hill is a 1994 novel by A. Manette Ansay. It was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in November 1999. It was adapted as a TV movie in 2005 starring Mary-Louise Parker and Tom Skerritt.
 All Fall Down The Brandon deWilde Story is a 2012 biography written by Patrisha McLean and published by Faces Incorporated. The book was released on June 19 2012. It is McLean's first written but second published work. It is the only published biography of Brandon deWilde since his death in 1972.
 Prisons We Choose to Live Inside is a collection of five essays by the British writer Doris Lessing which were previously delivered as the 1985 Massey Lectures.
 An American Trilogy: Death Slavery and Dominion on the Banks of the Cape Fear River is a 2009 is a non-fiction work by Steven M. Wise about the pig industry in North Carolina. Wise is an American legal scholar who specializes in animal protection.
 The Origin is a series of comics set in the Buffy the Vampire Slayer universe. It retells the events of the movie by adapting and remaining faithful to Joss Whedon's original script. According to the Official Buffy Watcher's Guide Whedon wrote the TV pilot episode of Buffy as set as a sequel to his original movie script so this adaptation was a chance for fans to see something closer to his intended vision.
 Metal Edge was a magazine covering heavy metal music published by Zenbu Media. It was founded in the summer of 1985 during the height of Glam metal's success. Both Metal Edge and its sister publication Metal Maniacs ceased operations in 2009.
 The Oakland Post is a weekly newspaper published in Oakland County Michigan. It is a student-run independent newspaper serving Oakland University. It is owned by the Oakland Sail Inc. The current editor-in-chief is Scott Wolchek. Former editor Nichole Seguin served from the winter of 2011 through the spring of 2013. The 2010–11 editor-in-chief was Kay Nguyen and the 2009–10 editor-in-chief was Colleen Miller.
 The Duluth Budgeteer News (or known locally as The Budgeteer or simply The Budge) is a newspaper in Duluth Minnesota. It is published by Forum Communications which bought it in 2006.
 The Gnarly Man is a classic science fiction story by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the magazine Unknown for June 1939 and first appeared in book form in de Camp's collection The Wheels of If and Other Science Fiction (Shasta 1948). It later appeared in the subsequent de Camp collections The Best of L. Sprague de Camp (Doubleday 1978) Aristotle and the Gun and Other Stories (Five Star 2002) and Years in the Making: the Time-Travel Stories of L.
 The Joy of Pregnancy is an award-winning guide to pregnancy and childbirth written by Tori Kropp and published by The Harvard Common Press in April 2008.
 Saint Overboard is the title of a 1936 mystery novel by Leslie Charteris one of a long series of novels featuring Charteris' creation Simon Templar alias The Saint. It was originally published in magazines as The Pirate Saint; some paperback editions append the article The to the title (The Saint Overboard).The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton in 1936 (followed by an American edition by The Crime Club).
 Marvel Super-Heroes is the name of several comic book series and specials published by Marvel Comics.
 The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate is a fantasy novelette by Ted Chiang originally published in 2007 by Subterranean Press and reprinted in the September 2007 issue of Fantasy & Science Fiction. It won the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Novelette and the 2008 Nebula Award for Best Novelette.
 The Desperate Hours is a crime novel by the American writer Robert Aiello set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It opens when a psychopath with a score to settle with Grant Montgomery kidnaps his girlfriend. Both the police and Montgomery race against time find the woman alive and to rescue her.
 The Pall Mall Gazette was an evening newspaper founded in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood. In 1921 The Globe merged into the Pall Mall Gazette which itself was absorbed into the Evening Standard in 1923.
 The Minot Daily News is a newspaper printed in Downtown Minot North Dakota. It was originally the Burlington Reporter and was published out of Burlington until the early 20th century. It was at that time that it was transformed into the newspaper that is currently published.It is the primary daily paper for north central and northwest North Dakota. Its average daily circulation is 21848 on Sundays and 20974 on weekdays.The paper's editorial viewpoint is conservative to libertarian.
 O-Parts Hunter more commonly known by its original title 666 Satan (666 ～サタン～ Roku-Roku-Roku Satan) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Seishi Kishimoto. It was originally published by Enix who later became Square Enix in their Monthly Shōnen Gangan magazine from 2001 and 2007 and later collected into 19 tankōbon volumes. The series draws heavily from Kabbalistic traditions and Judeo-Christian demonology for its plot and less so on Japanese folklore.
 The Bradford West Gwillimbury Times is an award-winning[citation needed]weekly community newspaper that was founded in October 1991.
 Magic Study is a 2006 fantasy novel written by Maria V. Snyder the second book in the Study series. The series is about a girl named Yelena who was kidnapped as a child from her home in Sitia from the Zaltana clan who are strong in magic. At the age of sixteen her magical abilities (illegal in Ixia) begin to show and she is experimented upon by her kidnappers who tell her she was orphan.
 Flying Colours is a Horatio Hornblower novel by C.S. Forester originally published 1938 as the third in the series but now eighth by internal chronology. It describes the adventures of Hornblower and his companions escaping from imprisonment in Napoleonic France and returning to England.
 Ottoline and the Yellow Cat is a children's book by Chris Riddell published in 2007. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award and the Red House Children's Book Award for Younger Readers. It was also shortlisted for the Kate Greenaway Medal and nominated for the Carnegie Medal.
 The Burden is a novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Heinemann on 12 November 1956. Initially not published in the US it was later issued as a paperback by Dell Publishing in September 1963. It was the last of six novels Christie wrote under the nom-de-plume Mary Westmacott.
 Idlewild is a science fiction novel by Nick Sagan published in 2003. It is the first of a trilogy with sequels Edenborn and Everfree. The story is split between two settings: the middle of the 21st century (told through interludes and distinguished from the main story by italics) and a generation later. It is a picture of the last ten people on earth a near-complete pantheon of gods and goddesses and thus may be regarded as legend or mythology.
 Men Call Treasure: The Search for Gold at Victorio Peak is a non-fiction book chronicling the search for gold treasure inside Victorio Peak New Mexico.
 The Carroll County Times was founded on October 6 1911 as The Times. Owner and publisher George Mather whose father owned the once-prominent Mather's Department Store in Westminster MD sold The Times in 1947. The Times expanded and became the Carroll County Times in 1956. The Carroll County Times changed hands several times over the next twenty years.
 The Rowan (1990) is the first book in The Tower and the Hive series (also known as The Rowan series) by Anne McCaffrey. It is set in the universe of the Pegasus trilogy against a backdrop of a technologically advanced society in which telepathy psychokinesis and other psychic Talents have become scientifically accepted and researched.
 MacTech is the journal of Apple technology a monthly magazine for consultants IT Pros system administrators software developers and other technical users of the Apple Macintosh line of computers.The magazine was called MacTech for its first two issues starting in 1984 after which its name was changed to MacTutor. At the time the magazine defined itself as a technical publication devoted to advancing programming knowledge of the Macintosh for both hacker and professional alike.
 Summer of Night is a horror novel by American writer Dan Simmons published in 1991 by Warner Aspect. It was nominated for a British Fantasy Award in 1992.
 Microbe is the monthly news magazine of the American Society for Microbiology that is published in print (ISSN 1558-7452) and online (ISSN 1558-7460). The print version is distributed to the more than 43000 members of the ASM. The online archive includes all issues since October 2006.
 Soul Eater Not! (ソウルイーターノット! Sōru Ītā Notto!) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Atsushi Ōkubo. It is a spin-off of the main series Soul Eater taking place prior to the events of the manga. It began serialization in Square Enix's Monthly Shōnen Gangan magazine on January 12 2011. An anime television series adaptation by Bones premiered on April 8 2014 on TV Tokyo and is being simulcast by Funimation in North America.
 The K9YA Telegraph is a free monthly general interest amateur radio e-Zine first published in January 2004. The journal of the Robert F. Heytow Memorial Radio Club the K9YA Telegraph is distributed to subscribers in over 100 countries via e-mail as a PDF file. Issues comprise original articles written by authors drawn from its subscriber base.
 The de Legibus (Latin: On the laws) is a dialogue written by Marcus Tullius Cicero during the last years of the Roman Republic. It bears the same name as Plato’s famous dialogue The Laws. Unlike his previous work de re publica in which Cicero felt compelled to set the action in the times of Scipio Africanus Minor Cicero wrote this work as a fictionalized dialogue between himself his brother Quintus and their mutual friend Titus Pomponius Atticus.
 The Swineherd (Danish: Svinedrengen) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a prince who disguises himself as a swineherd to woo an arrogant princess. The tale was first published 20 December 1841 by C. A. Reitzel in Copenhagen Denmark in Fairy Tales Told for Children. New Collection. The tale appears to be original with Andersen though similar tales are known. The Swineherd has been adapted to various media.
 movmnt magazine is an urban-leaning lifestyle magazine which was co-founded in 2006 by David Benaym and Danny Tidwell. The magazine has featured columns by Mario Spinetti Mia Michaels Robert Battle Debbie Allen Alisan Porter Rasta Thomas and Frank Conway. Both Travis Wall and Ivan Koumaev have made guest contributions to the publication which has published photographs by Gary Land Dave Hill James Archibald Houston and Alison Jackson.
 The Dyersburg State Gazette is a daily newspaper published in Dyersburg Tennessee. The paper has served Dyersburg and Northwest Tennessee since 1865 and provides general news.
 Mathematical Reviews is a journal and online database published by the American Mathematical Society (AMS) that contains brief synopses (and occasionally evaluations) of many articles in mathematics statistics and theoretical computer science.
 X360 is a monthly magazine produced by Imagine Publishing in the United Kingdom. X360 is the UK's #1 selling independent dedicated Xbox 360 magazine covering news previews and reviews. The magazine's community and Xbox Live also feature heavily in the magazine.X360 was originally included as a supplement in the now-defunct Highbury Entertainment publication XBM but was made a monthly magazine in October 2005 prior to the launch of the Xbox 360.
 unsere zeit (or UZ) is a weekly newspaper published by the German Communist Party or DKP. Established in 1969 the paper's full name is unsere zeit: Sozialistische Wochenzeitung. This translates to our time: Socialist Weekly Newspaper.The weekly paper co-operates with the small German newspaper junge Welt.
 The Forgotten Man is a 2005 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the tenth in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole. It was nominated for the Shamus Award.
 The Wanting Seed is a dystopian novel by the English author Anthony Burgess written in 1962.
 The Rise of Nine is a young adult teen fiction novel by Pittacus Lore and the third novel in The Lorien Legacies. It is published by HarperCollins & was released on August 21 2012 in the US and by Penguin on August 30 2012 in the UK. It is the first book in the series to be written after Jobie Hughes left the project.The Fall of Five continues the Lorien series.
 The Heralds is a novel written by Brian Killick in 1973. It is a fictional account of the inner workings of the College of Arms in London. The book follows the exploits of the College's members after the announcement that the current Garter Principal King of Arms will be retiring.
 Hen Semi (変ゼミ Hen Zemi) also known as Abnormal Physiology Seminar is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by TAGRO and is a remake of his earlier manga series Hentai Seiri Seminar (変態生理ゼミナール? Abnormal Physiology Seminar). Hen Semi has been serialized in Kodansha's Morning 2 manga magazine since 2006. It has been adapted into an original video animation in 2010 as well as an anime television series in 2011.
 The Professional Geographer is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal publishing short articles on all aspects of geography especially empirical studie
 Epigraphia Zeylanica is an irregularly published series that deals with epigraphs and other records from ancient Ceylon. Established in 1904 the series' contents range from individual articles and notes on inscriptions to single-author monographs. Over the last century Epigraphia Zeylanica has functioned as a key source for the history of ancient Ceylon and its early epigraphic records.
 G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero (also known as G.I. Joe vol. 2 or G.I. Joe: Reinstated) is a comic book that was published by Image Comics from 2001 to 2005. Based on Hasbro Inc.'s G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero line of military-themed toys the series picks up seven years after the end of the Marvel Comics series and has been credited for bringing back attention to other 1980s properties such as Transformers Masters of the Universe and Voltron.[citation needed]
 The Wizard in the Wonderland is the 1991 sequel to The Wizard In the Woods and the second book in the wizard trilogy by Jean Ure.
 Bazinama is the first video game magazine in Iran which published since 2002 with efforts of a group of young people who were interested in this new industry in Iran. At that time brand of Bazinama just represented as a video game magazine but today Bazinama works on other aspects of gaming world such as having its popular game web site and having Bazinama shop center and designing domestic video games.
 Innocent Bird known in Japan as or The Dawn the Nameless Bird will Fly (名も無き鳥の飛ぶ夜明け Na mo Naki Tori no Tobu Yoake) is a Japanese manga by Hirotaka Kisaragi which has been licensed and is currently being published in English by Harper Collins Canada / Tk Blu Man Adu (June 21 2007). All three volumes are currently available in English.
 The Fun They Had is a science fiction story written by Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in a children's newspaper in 1951 and was reprinted in the February 1954 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction as well as the collections Earth Is Room Enough (1957) 50 Short Science Fiction Tales (1960) and The Best of Isaac Asimov (1973).
 The Clue in the Crossword Cipher is the forty-fourth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1967 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 Hard Boiled is a three-issue comic book mini-series written by Frank Miller and drawn by Geof Darrow. Its first issue was published by Dark Horse Comics in 1990. Frank Miller and Geof Darrow won the 1991 Eisner award for Best Writer/Artist for Hard Boiled.In it Carl Seltz an insurance investigator discovers he is also a homicidal cyborg tax collector who happens to be the last hope of an enslaved robot race.
 The Frost-Giant's Daughter is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard but not published in his lifetime.It is set in the pseudo-historical Hyborian Age and details Conan pursuing a spectral nymph across the frozen snows of Nordheim. Rejected as a Conan story by Weird Tales magazine editor Farnsworth Wright Howard changed the main character's name to Amra of Akbitana and retitled the piece as The Gods of the North.
 The Russian Biographical Dictionary (RBD Russian: Русский биографический словарь) is a Russian-language biographical dictionary published by the Russian Historian Society edited by a collective with Alexander Polovtsov as the editor-in-chief. The dictionary was published in 25 volumes from 1896 to 1918 and considered as one of the most comprehensive Russian biographical sources for the 19th and early 20th century period.
 The Transsexual Empire: The Making of the She-Male is a 1979 book by the American radical feminist author and activist Janice Raymond.
 The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana (original Italian title: La Misteriosa Fiamma della Regina Loana) is a novel by Italian writer Umberto Eco. It was first published in Italian in 2004 and an English language translation by Geoffrey Brock was published in spring 2005.
 The Last of the Mohicans: A Narrative of 1757 (1826) is a historical novel by James Fenimore Cooper. It is the second book of the Leatherstocking Tales pentalogy and the best known. The Pathfinder published 14 years later in 1840 is its sequel.The story is set in 1757 during the French and Indian War (the Seven Years' War) when France and Great Britain battled for control of North America.
 The Adventures of Danny Meadow Mouse (1915 copyright renewed in 1993) is a children's novel written by Thornton W. Burgess and illustrated by Harrison Cady. The main character also appears in Mr. Toad and Danny Meadow Mouse Take a Walk and Danny Meadow Mouse Learns Something (both 1914).
 The Bonehunters is the sixth volume in Canadian author Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series the Malazan Book of the Fallen. The Bonehunters is a direct sequel to the fourth volume House of Chains and alludes to events in the fifth Midnight Tides.The novel was first published in the United Kingdom as a hardcover on 1 March 2006. The first mass-market paperback edition appeared in April 2007. The first United States edition was published in September 2007.
 The Mystery of the Sea a novel by Bram Stoker was originally published in 1902. Stoker is best known for his 1897 novel Dracula but The Mystery of the Sea contains many of the same compelling elements. It tells the story of an Englishman living in Aberdeenshire Scotland who meets and falls in love with an American heiress.
 The News-Dispatch is the daily newspaper of Michigan City Indiana.
 Misunderstanding Cults: Searching for Objectivity in a Controversial Field was edited by Benjamin Zablocki and Thomas Robbins.
 Girls on Film is the second novel in the A-List series by Zoey Dean. It was published in April 2004 through the Poppy imprint at Little Brown Books for Young Readers.
 Wolfbane is a science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl and C. M. Kornbluth published in 1959. It was serialized in Galaxy in 1957 with illustrations by Wally Wood.In his review column for F&SF Damon Knight selected the novel as one of the 10 best genre books of 1959.
 Punishment & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of criminology and penology. The journal's editor-in-chief is Dario Melossi (University of Bologna). It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Hearts Grown Brutal: Sagas of Sarajevo is a non-fiction book by New York Times reporter Roger Cohen chronicling his experiences covering the Bosnian War and the Bosnian Genocide. Random House published the book on August 25 1998. The book won a Citation for Excellence from the Overseas Press Club in 1999.
 Bitaraf.com News Agency is a daily newspaper published in Iran.
 Attack From Atlantis (1953) is a Science fiction novel written by Lester del Rey. The story follows the new U.S.S. Triton submarine on her maiden voyage but trouble happens when the crew comes face to face with the inhabitants of the underwater city Atlantis. Attack from Atlantis is a part of the Winston Science Fiction set a series of juvenile novels. The story is set partly on the atomic powered submarine Triton.
 Teaching with Calvin and Hobbes is an American children's textbook published in 1993. As a rare piece of officially licensed Calvin and Hobbes merchandise it is a highly valued collectible.
 The Journal of the Kansas Entomological Society is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Kansas Entomological Society. The journal has a 2009 impact factor of 0.607.
 Insectes sociaux is a scientific journal dedicated to the study of social insects. It is the official journal of the International Union for the Study of Social Insects (IUSSI) and is published by Birkhäuser Verlag.
 ReCALL is an academic journal of the European Association for Computer Assisted Language Learning published by Cambridge University Press. The journal's main focus is the use of technologies for language learning and teaching. It was established in 1989 and previously published by the CTI Centre of the University of Hull. It publishes approximately 20 articles per year. The articles cover various aspects of CALL (computer-assisted language learning) and technology enhanced language learning.
 Sin (Russian: Грех) is a 2007 novel in stories by the Russian writer Zakhar Prilepin. This novel was published in 2007 in Vargius (Russia).
 Daylight Robbery is a thriller novel written by Surender Mohan Pathak a Hindi writer from Delhi India.Originally published in 1980 by Shanu Paperbacks it was translated into English by Sudarshan Purohit and published by Blaft Publications Chennai India in 2010.It is the 8th novel in the Vimal series and revolves around the robbery of a payroll van in Agra.
 Victorian Undead is a six-issue American comic book limited series published by Wildstorm. The series was written by Ian Edginton with art by Davide Fabbri. The story sets in Victorian England and follows Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson in the midst of a zombie outbreak. It was followed by Victorian Undead II: Sherlock Holmes vs Dracula. which sees Holmes and Watson helping to track down the title character before he kills the Queen of England.
 The Age is a daily newspaper which has been published in Melbourne Australia since 1854. Owned and published by Fairfax Media The Age primarily serves Victoria but is also available for purchase in Tasmania the Australian Capital Territory and border regions of South Australia and southern New South Wales. It is delivered in both hardcopy and online formats.
 Assassin is a historical fiction novel by the children's author Anna Myers.
 Uniclass (Unified Classification for the Construction Industry) published in 1997 in UK by the Construction Project Information Committee (CPIC).This is fast becoming Uniclass2 as of 2013. A change that sees the 15 original Uniclass tables reduced to 7 (although more may be added).
 Blitz is a popular investigative weekly tabloid newspaper published and edited by Russi Karanjia from Bombay. It was India's first weekly tabloid started in 1941 focussed on investigative journalism and political news. It was published in English and with editions in Hindi Urdu and Marathi languages.Started on February 1 1941 it was a pioneer in investigative journalism in India Cartoonist R. K. Laxman's early cartoons were published in Blitz as did Abu Abraham. Noted writer K. A.
 A Soldier of the Great War (1991) is a novel by Mark Helprin concerning an aged World War I veteran who recounts his life and adventures while traveling with a young man he meets after the two of them are thrown off a bus the former leaving after the latter is refused entry as the older man marches toward a visit with his granddaughter neither knowing the outcome of their journey.
 The Large the Small and the Human Mind is a popular science book by British theoretical physicist Roger Penrose. The book was published by Cambridge University Press in 1997. It includes criticism of his work on physics and consciousness by Abner Shimony Nancy Cartwright and Stephen Hawking. The book was preceded by The Emperor's New Mind published in 1989 and Shadows of the Mind published in 1994.
 Antigone is a play by the Attic dramatist Euripides which is now lost except for a number of fragments. According to Aristophanes of Byzantium the plot was similar to that of Sophocles' play Antigone with three differences. The date of the play is uncertain but there is evidence that it was written late in Euripides' career between 420 BCE and 406 BCE.
 Metro 2034 (Russian: Метро 2034) is a novel written by Russian author Dmitry Glukhovsky and is a sequel to the novel Metro 2033 by Glukhovsky. Although Metro 2034 is the official continuation of the Metro 2033 storyline the 2013 video game Metro: Last Light - the sequel to the video game adaptation of the original novel - will have little to no similarities to the novel in its plot but some events that are mentioned in the book may appear in the game also.
 Slow Man is a 2005 novel by South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee and concerns a man who must learn to adapt after losing a leg in a road accident. The novel has many varied themes including the nature of care the relationship between an author and his characters and man's drive to leave a legacy. It was Coetzee's first novel since winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2003.
 Empires of the Indus: The Story of a River is a non-fiction book by Alice Albinia that covers the writer's journey from Karachi to Tibet which is the natural course of the Indus River. The book gives an insight into the communities as well as the political framework of the countries through which the Indus flows. Empires of the Indus was awarded the Jerwood Award by the Royal Society of Literature in 2005.The content of the book is divided in 12 distinct sections preceded by a preface.
 Protecta is a technical political cultural social and economic Newsmagazine published bimonthly in Italy.It was founded in March 1987 by the editors Rocco Colomba. The paper is based in Rome and the editor today is Tony Colomba.Given its format which includes long essays and articles the journal tends to cater to an intellectual elite.
 A Conversation is a play by Australian author David Williamson. It was the second in his Jack Manning trilogy of plays about conferencing.
 Al Arab (in Arabic العرب meaning The Arabs) was the first Arabic daily following the independence of Qatar. It was closed in 1995 and relaunched on 18 November 2007 as an e-newspaper which is based in Doha Qatar.
 Performing Flea is a non-fiction book consisting of a series of letters written by P. G. Wodehouse to William Townend a friend of Wodehouse's since their schooldays together at Dulwich College. It was originally published in the United Kingdom on 9 October 1953 by Herbert Jenkins London.
 Fiasco (Polish: Fiasko) is a science fiction novel by Polish author Stanisław Lem first published in a German translation in 1986. The book published in Poland the following year is a further elaboration of Lem's skepticism: in Lem's opinion the difficulty in communication with alien civilizations is cultural rather than spatial distance. The failure to communicate with an alien civilization is the main theme of the book.
 Shadow Kiss is a vampire novel written by Richelle Mead. It is the third novel in the Vampire Academy series and was preceded by Frostbite. The release of the book pushed the Vampire Academy series into the New York Times Best Seller list for the first time making its debut at #4.Shadow Kiss continues the story of the main character Rose Hathaway and her education in becoming a Guardian. Rose knows it is forbidden to love another guardian.
 Roadside Picnic (Russian: Пикник на обочине Piknik na obochine IPA: [pʲikˈnʲik na ɐˈbotɕɪnʲe]) is a short science fiction novel written by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky in 1971. As of 1998 38 editions of the novel were published in 20 countries. The novel was first translated to English by Antonina W. Bouis. The preface to the first American edition of the novel (MacMillan Publishing Co. Inc New York 1977) was written by Theodore Sturgeon.
 Dark River is a children's fantasy novel the second installment of the third series of Warriors Warriors: The Power of Three by Erin Hunter. It continues the adventure of the ThunderClan cats Jaypaw Lionpaw and Hollypaw which began in The Sight and continues in Outcast. It takes place in a fictional forest surrounding a lake where the four Clans ShadowClan RiverClan ThunderClan and WindClan reside.
 The Incredible Tide is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel written by Alexander Key published in 1970. It was the inspiration for the Japanese animated television series Future Boy Conan directed by Hayao Miyazaki.
 Heroes and Horrors is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by Fritz Leiber edited by Stuart David Schiff and illustrated by Tim Kirk. It was first published in hardcover in December 1978 by Whispers Press and in paperback in August 1980 by Pocket Books. The paperback edition omits the illustrations.The book collects nine short stories and novelettes by the author together with an introduction by Stuart David Schiff and an essay by John Jakes.
 On Canaan's Side is a 2011 novel written by Irish playwright and novelist Sebastian Barry.
 Taking On the System: Rules for Radical Change in a Digital Era is a book (ISBN 0-451-22519-8) authored by American political blogger Markos Moulitsas of Daily Kos published in 2008 by Penguin Group.
 The Kawai Complex Guide to Manors and Hostel Behavior (僕らはみんな河合荘 Bokura wa Minna Kawai-Sō lit. We Are All From Dormitory Kawai a play on words that has a double meaning of We Are All Pitiful) is a manga series by Ruri Miyahara published in Shōnen Gahōsha's seinen manga magazine Young King OURs since the June 2010 issue. It has been collected in five tankōbon volumes as of March 2014. An anime television series adaptation by Brain's Base premiered on April 3 2014.
 Bill Badger and the Pirates is a children's novel with a canal-side setting written and illustrated in 1960 by the prolific author Denys Watkins-Pitchford who wrote under the pseudonym BB.The plot revolves around the release from prison of Bill Badger's sworn enemy the cat Napoleon and his attempt to capture Bill's barge Wandering Wind.
 Schimmen van schoonheid (English Shades of beauty) is a collection of short stories written by Louis Couperus and published by Van Holkema & Warendorf in 1912. It is not known how many copies were printed for the first edition but this edition was in any case sold out by 1929. The second edition was published in 1962 by Querido in the so-called Salamander series (number 71).
 Futures Past ((2006 ISBN 978-0-441-01454-5) is a science fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois. It was published in 2006 and includes stories on the theme of futures past that were originally published from 1956 to 2004. It is the 34th book in their anthology series for Ace Books.
 Sign Systems Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal on semiotics edited at the Department of Semiotics of the University of Tartu and published by the University of Tartu Press. It is the oldest periodical in the field. It was initially published in Russian and since 1998 in English with Russian and Estonian language abstracts. The journal was established by Juri Lotman as Trudy po Znakovym Sistemam in 1964. Since 1998 it has been edited by Peeter Torop Mihhail Lotman and Kalevi Kull.
 Historische Zeitschrift founded in 1859 by Heinrich von Sybel is considered to be the first and for a time the foremost historical journal. The creation of this journal inspired Gabriel Monod to found the French Revue historique in 1876. In 1886 the English Historical Review was founded and in 1895 the American Historical Review was founded.
 The Fifth Woman (original: Den femte kvinnan; 1996) is a crime novel by Swedish author Henning Mankell the sixth in his acclaimed Inspector Wallander series.
 Journal of Building Physics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Construction. The journal's editor is Mark Bomberg (Syracuse University). It has been in publication since 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with International Council for Research and Innovation in Building and Construction.
 Rusalka is a fantasy novel by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was first published in October 1989 in the United States in a hardcover edition by Ballantine Books under its Del Rey Books imprint. Rusalka is book one of Cherryh's three-book Russian Stories trilogy set in medieval Russia in forests along the Dnieper River near Kiev in modern day Ukraine. The novel draws on Slavic folklore and concerns the fate of a girl who has drowned and become a rusalka.
 A Million Miles in a Thousand Years subtitled What I Learned While Editing My Life is the sixth book by Donald Miller. After writing a successful book author Donald Miller's life stalled. Instead of enjoying the fruits of his labor Miller had slipped into a dark point in his life. He had no desire to participate in the daily responsibility of life and found himself questioning what his purpose was.
 A Delicate Balance is a play by Edward Albee. It premiered in 1966 and won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1967 the first of three he received for his work.The uneasy existence of upper-middle-class suburbanites Agnes and Tobias and their permanent houseguest Agnes' witty alcoholic sister Claire is disrupted by the sudden appearance of lifelong family friends Harry and Edna fellow empty nesters with free-floating anxiety who ask to stay with them to escape an unnamed terror.
 Another Fine Myth is a 1978 novel by Robert Lynn Asprin and is the first book in the Myth Adventures series.
 Batman/Hellboy/Starman is a DC Comics/Dark Horse Comics two-issue intercompany crossover comic book mini-series written by James Robinson with art by Mike Mignola published January to February 1999 featuring fictional heroes Batman Hellboy and Starman.
 Tiger Beat is an American fan magazine marketed primarily to adolescent girls. It is currently published by Laufer Media Inc. of Los Angeles California which also produces its sister publication Bop.Founded in September 1965 by Charles Chuck Laufer and his brother Ira Tiger Beat has as its forte teen idol gossip movies music and fashion. It is known for its covers with 'cut and paste' collaged photos of teen idols.
 The National Law Review is an American law journal (ISSN 2161-3362 legal news website and legal analysis content-aggregating database. The site offers news coverage and analysis of recent court decisions regulatory changes and legislative actions and includes original content and content submitted by various professionals in the legal and business communities.
 Stories of Darkness and Dread is a collection of stories by author Joseph Payne Brennan. It was released in 1973 and was the author's second collection of stories published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 4138 copies. (The colophon in the book states 4000 however the more accurate figure is taken fromn reference sources).
 Pride and Prejudice and Zombies: Dawn of the Dreadfuls (2010) is a parody novel by Steve Hockensmith. It is a prequel to Seth Grahame-Smith's 2009 novel Pride and Prejudice and Zombies focusing on the early life and training of Elizabeth Bennet heroine of the earlier Pride and Prejudice and Zombies as she strove to become a gifted zombie hunter with some mishaps in her early romantic encounters also included. It was first published by Quirk Books on March 23 2010.
 Free Software Magazine (also known as FSM and originally titled The Open Voice) is a website which produces a (generally bi-monthly) mostly free-content e-zine about free software.It was started in November 2004 by Australian Tony Mobily the former editor of TUX Magazine under the auspices of The Open Company Partners Inc. (based in the United States of America) and carried the subtitle The free magazine for the free software world.
 Proceedings of the Royal Society is the parent title of two scientific journals published by the Royal Society. Originally a single journal it was split into two separate journals in 1905: Series A which publishes research related to mathematical physical and engineering sciences Series B which publishes research related to biologyThe two journals are currently the Royal Society's main research journals. Many celebrated names in science have published their research in Proc. R.
 The Fateful Triangle: The United States Israel and the Palestinians is a 1983 book by Noam Chomsky about the relationship between America Israel and the Arab Palestinians. Chomsky examines the origins of this relationship and its meaningful consequences for the Palestinians and other Arabs.
 Les Guérillères is a 1969 novel by Monique Wittig. It was translated into English in 1971.
 Excellence Without a Soul is a book by Harry R. Lewis the former Dean of Harvard College that examines the state of America's universities and colleges with particular reference to Harvard.
 The Dark Beyond the Stars (ISBN 0-312-86624-0) is a 1991 science fiction novel by Frank M. Robinson. It is a Lambda Literary Award winner published by Orb Books. It tells the story of a generational ship and its crew on a long mission to search for extraterrestrial life in the galaxy and the complex conflict brewing within the crew and within the protagonist when the ship begins to fall apart.
 The Garden of God is a romance novel by Henry De Vere Stacpoole first published in 1923. It is the first sequel to his best-selling novel The Blue Lagoon (1908) and continued with The Gates of Morning (1925).
 Current Alzheimer Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the neurobiology genetics pathogenesis and treatment strategies of Alzheimer's disease.
 Hate on Trial: The Case Against America's Most Dangerous Neo-Nazi is a book by Morris Dees and Steve Fiffer recounting the civil trial of Berhanu v.
 Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys is a 1939 children's short story written and illustrated by German-Brazilian author H.A. Rey. It is the first story to include Rey's now-famous character Curious George. When it was first published in France Cecily's original name was Rafi; Raffy when it was first published in the UK. But when it appeared in the US the character was renamed Cecily.
 Materials and Structures is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the International Union of Laboratories and Experts in Construction Materials Systems and Structures. It covers research on fundamental properties of building materials their characterization and processing techniques modeling standardization of test methods and the application of research results in building and civil engineering.
 The Best of Me is a novel published in 2011 by Nicholas Sparks.
 The Defenders of the Dead by Jude Watson is the fifth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 Darth Bane: Dynasty of Evil the sequel to the novels Darth Bane: Path of Destruction and Darth Bane: Rule of Two is part of the Star Wars Expanded Universe. It is written by Drew Karpyshyn and released on December 8 2009.
 The Coast is a free weekly newspaper in Halifax Regional Municipality Canada. The paper distributes 24000 copies per week throughout the Halifax Regional Municipality. The paper is owned by Coast Publishing Limited.Founded in 1993 The Coast has a generally left wing editorial policy.
 Killing is an Italian photo comic series featuring an eponymous character. The series was entitled Satanik in the French edition Kiling in Argentina as well as being published in Belgium Brazil Colombia Germany and Venezuela. Sold as Photostories for Adults it ran for 62 issues (19 in France) starting in 1966 and was published by Ponzoni and editor Pietro Granelli with each episode directed by actor and singer Rosario Borelli.
 Literary Review is a British literary magazine founded in 1979 by Anne Smith then head of the Department of English at Edinburgh University. Its offices are currently on Lexington Street in Soho London and it has a circulation of 44750. Britain's principal literary monthly the magazine was edited for fourteen years by veteran journalist Auberon Waugh.
 The Prime Minister's Secret Diplomacy (公使閣下の秘密外交 Koushi Kakka no Himitsu Gaikou) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Youka Nitta. It is licensed in North America by 801 Media in January 2008.
 Water for Elephants is a historical novel by Sara Gruen written as part of National Novel Writing Month.
 Dead Reckoning is a 2011 New York Times Bestselling gothic romance novel by Charlaine Harris and is the eleventh book in her Southern Vampire Mysteries series. The book was released on May 3 2011 by Ace Books and deals with Sookie discovering more about her heritage and dealing with more supernatural difficulties.
 Savage Love: Straight Answers from America's Most Popular Sex Columnist is a non-fiction book by sex columnist Dan Savage. It was first published in 1998 by Plume. In Savage Love the author recounts his early sexual education and experiences as well as his initial impetus to begin a sex advice column of the same title as the book. Savage Love includes a collection of pieces from the author's column.
 Kyemon (Burmese: ကြေးမုံ) (The Mirror) is a state-owned Burmese-language daily newspaper based in Yangon Myanmar. Along with Myanmar Alin Kyemon is one of two Burmese language national newspapers in the country. Kyemon tends to carry more human interest stories whereas Myanmar Alin is more geared towards publishing government propaganda.
 Part of the Furniture (1997) is a best-selling novel written by British author Mary Wesley. The novel was Wesley's last one and it was published when the author was eighty-five years old.
 Programming Linux Games is recognized as one of the prominent tutorials for the Simple DirectMedia Layer.It is primarily notable due to the fact it was co-authored with Loki Software a company that ported games to Linux between 1998 and 2002 and was the primary steward of SDL at that time. It was also involved in other development libraries and projects such as OpenAL.With the agreement of Loki and No Starch Press author John R.
 Últimas Noticias is the highest selling daily newspaper in Venezuela. It was founded in Caracas on 16 September 1941 after the pro-freedom measures implemented by President Medina Angarita. It initially bore the name Diario del Pueblo (the people's newspaper) and was created by Víctor Simone D´Lima “Kotepa” Delgado Vaughan Salas Lozada and Pedro Beroes. Miguel Ángel Capriles Ayala acquired the majority of the shares in 1948.
 THB is a comic book series by Paul Pope.
 Rush City is a six-issue comic book limited series published monthly by DC Comics from September of 2006 until 2007. The series is written by Chuck Dixon with illustrations by Timothy Green II colored by Jose Villarrubia. DC Comics produced a special Zero issue web-comic that is available on the DC Comics website and was packaged with the August 2006 issue of the GamePro magazine. The title features Diego Zhao an Asian American private investigator who goes by the street name of Rush.
 Daisy Miller is a novella by Henry James that first appeared in Cornhill Magazine in June–July 1878 and in book form the following year. It portrays the courtship of the beautiful American girl Daisy Miller by Winterbourne a sophisticated compatriot of hers. His pursuit of her is hampered by her own flirtatiousness which is frowned upon by the other expatriates when they meet in Switzerland and Italy.
 Thesis Eleven is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Sociology. The journal's editors are Peter Beilharz (La Trobe University Victoria (Australia)) Trevor Hogan (La Trobe University) and Peter Murphy (Monash University Melbourne Victoria). It has been in publication since 1980 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Narodnya Naviny Vitsebska is a newspaper published in Belarus.
 “Topal Teymur” – is a play historic drama in five acts written by Huseyn Javid Azerbaijani poet and playwright in 1925. The play is about Timur Central Asian conqueror.
 The Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and Performance is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1975 as an independent section of the Journal of Experimental Psychology and covers research in experimental psychology.
 Sunday Observer is a weekly English-language newspaper in Sri Lanka published on Sundays.
 A Poet's Bible: Rediscovering The Voices of the Original Text is a 1991 partial translation of the Old Testament of the Hebrew Bible and some related apocrypha into English by David Rosenberg. Rosenberg's philosophy in approaching the Hebrew text was to render into English not a literal translation of the Old Testament material for religious purposes but to capture the essence of the art as viewed by the contemporaries of the authors.
 Cap Stubbs and Tippie was a syndicated newspaper comic strip created by the cartoonist Edwina Dumm. At times the title changed to Tippie & Cap Stubbs or Tippie. After Dumm's strip about the young Cap and his dog Tippie debuted August 21 1918 in an Ohio newspaper The Columbus Monitor she moved to New York City and Cap Stubbs and Tippie was syndicated by the George Matthew Adams Service.
 The Garden of Fear and Other Stories is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction stories anonymously edited by William L. Crawford. It was published as A Crawford Publication in 1949 in an edition of 48000 copies. The H. P. Lovecraft story first appeared in the magazine The Rainbow. The other stories originally appeared in the magazine Marvel Tales.
 Murder In Amityville is a book written by Hans Holzer and serves as a prequel to The Amityville Horror.The book has been turned into a film titled Amityville II: The Possession. It has since been re-released under the title Amityville: Fact or Fiction?.
 Religion and Nothingness (Japanese: Shūkyō to wa Nanika; the original title translates literally as What is Religion?) is a 1961 book by the Japanese philosopher Keiji Nishitani.
 Hanamaru Kindergarten (はなまる幼稚園 Hanamaru Yōchien) is a Japanese situation comedy manga series written and illustrated by Yuto and published by Square Enix. It is mainly about a kindergarten girl who is in love with her teacher and tries to win his affection but always fails. It has been adapted into an anime television series produced by Gainax and broadcast in Japan on TV Tokyo.
 The Invaders is the second in a series of novels called Brotherband by Australian author John Flanagan. The book was released in Australia on 1 May 2012.
 The Call and Post (or Call & Post) is an African-American weekly newspaper based in Cleveland Ohio.
 The Cage: The fight for Sri Lanka & the Last Days of the Tamil Tigers is a book about the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War written by journalist and former United Nations official Gordon Weiss. Weiss was the UN's spokesman in Sri Lanka during the final months of the civil war. Since leaving the UN Weiss has been a vocal critic of the conduct of both the Sri Lankan military and the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.
 Caravans a novel by James A. Michener was published in 1963. The story is set in Afghanistan immediately following World War II. The protagonist Mark Miller is stationed in Kabul at the American embassy and is given the assignment of an investigation to find a young woman Ellen Jaspar also from the United States who has disappeared after her marriage to an Afghan national thirteen months previously.
 What They Did to Princess Paragon is a humor novel by Robert Rodi which tells the story of what happens when a venerable comic book superheroine is retconned as a lesbian.
 The Patron Saint of Butterflies is a young-adult novel by author Cecilia Galante. It was first published in 2008.
 Trapped in the Saturday Matinee is a collection of short stories written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. In the introduction Mr. Lansdale states This collection gathers together some early work which I like and it also contains stories for one reason or another missed their audience. There are also newer material that I treasure some that has never been gathered under one roof and there are others written specifically for this volume.I love this collection.
 Rebuilding Coventry is a 1988 novel written by Sue Townsend about a woman from Middle England who is accused of murdering her neighbour and goes on the run to London and captures the zeitgeist of England in the 1980s.The protagonist is a self-described beautiful woman with the unlikely name of Coventry Dakin who is thoroughly fed up with her life generally for reasons of ennui.
 Lonely Planet is a two character play written by Steven Dietz. The play tells the story of Jody and Carl two gay men who live in an unnamed American city. The play was written during the midst of the AIDS epidemic which is the central focus of the story though ultimately the play sends the message that one should pay attention to the world around them and realize its problems rather than shun it. The play heavily references the Eugène Ionesco comedy The Chairs.
 Doctor's Orders is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Diane Duane.
 Kerala Kaumudi (Malayalam: കേരളകൗമുദി) is a popular Malayalam newspaper founded in 1911 by C. V. Kunhiraman with K. Sukumaran B.A. as the founder editor.
 The Journal of Analytical Atomic Spectrometry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles covering all areas of modern spectrometry including fundamental theory practice and analytical applications. It is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry the editor-in-chief is May Copsey. The journal replaced Annual Reports on Analytical Atomic Spectroscopy (1971–1984) in 1986 and has a 2011 impact factor of 3.220.
 The Review of English Studies is an academic journal published by Oxford University Press covering English literature and the English language from the earliest period to the present. RES is a leading scholarly journal of English literature and the English language and critical [e]mphasis is on historical scholarship rather than interpretative criticism though fresh readings of authors and texts are also offered in light of newly discovered sources or new interpretation of known material.
 The House of Dolmann [sic] was a British comic strip from the pages of Valiant. The serial ran weekly from 1966 to 1973. The serial was among the titles reprinted in Vulcan from 1975 to 1976. Eric Bradbury drew the majority of the strips produced.It concerned the adventures of crime-fighting inventor Eric Dolmann. He created a roster of robots that looked like puppets each with special abilities and used them to combat crime where he found it.
 Daughter of Earth (1929) is an autobiographical novel by the American author and journalist Agnes Smedley. The novel chronicles the years of Marie Rogers’s (based on Smedley) tumultuous childhood struggles in relationships with men (both physical and emotional) time working with the Socialist party and involvement in the Indian independence movement.
 Acquainted with the Night: Excursions through the World After Dark (or Acquainted with the Night: A Celebration of the Dark Hours) is a non-fiction book by Christopher Dewdney about various aspects of night. It was first published in 2004 by HarperCollins. It uses the same title as the Robert Frost poem Acquainted with the Night. The book consists of 14 chapters with one chapter dedicated to each hour of the night from 6 pm to 5 am.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Ninth Annual Collection is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1992. It is the 9th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series and won the Locus Award for best anthology.
 Sunset is a children's fantasy novel the sixth and final book in Erin Hunter's Warriors: The New Prophecy series. The book begins with the group of cats known as ThunderClan rebuilding its camp with the help of its old friends Stormfur and Brook following a badger attack in Twilight. As the book progresses Brambleclaw and Squirrelflight overcome a previous conflict and fall in love again but Brambleclaw continues to visit the spirit of his evil father Tigerstar in his dreams.
 The Pilo Family Circus is a 2006 horror novel by Will Elliott. It follows the story of Jamie who after a random incident of nearly hitting a clown with his car finds himself being stalked by three sadistic clowns.
 Ways of Seeing is a 1972 BBC four-part television series of 30-minute films created chiefly by writer John Berger and producer Mike Dibb. Berger's scripts were adapted into a book of the same name. The series and book criticize traditional Western cultural aesthetics by raising questions about hidden ideologies in visual images. The series is partially a response to Kenneth Clark's Civilisation series which represents a more traditionalist view of the Western artistic and cultural canon.
 Venus With Pistol is a first person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall first published in 1969.
 Cathedral is the third major-press collection of short stories by American writer Raymond Carver published in 1983.
 Mobile Suit Gundam Alive (機動戦士ガンダムALIVE Kidō Senshi Gandamu ALIVE) is a Gundam comic title created by Mizuho Takayama Yuka Minakawa (script). It was premiered on the November 2006 issue of Comic Bom Bom. The prologue chapter Gundam ALIVE Episode 0 is published in Gundam Magazine which was bundled with the November 2006 issue of Comic Bom Bom.This is a completely new story with no relation to previous Gundam series.
 Ukrainian Gothic Portal (Украинский Готический Портал UGP http://gothic.com.ua) is a printed magazine web-portal and promotion agency of gothic / dark / electro scene in Ukraine Russia and Belarus. UGP was established in 1999 on basis of unofficial closed subculture formation Kiev Gothic Clan (KGC) and was officially registered in 2000 on the domain gothic.com.ua. The founder and idelogist of UGP was the author of gothic-related publications Vitaliy Stranger.
 The Order of Odd-Fish is a 2008 debut children's novel by James Kennedy. The book was first published on August 12 2008 through Delacorte Books for Young Readers and focused upon a young girl discovering her true identity. The Order of Odd-Fish was named a Smithsonian Notable Books for Children for 2008 and in 2013 the character of Ken Kiang was named by Daniel Kraus as one of the most evil characters in literature.
 Death in Silver is a Doc Savage pulp novel by Lester Dent writing under the house name Kenneth Robeson. It was published in October 1934.It was the first Doc Savage story not to include all of his aides due to author Lester Dent having difficulties using all six characters in every story. Only Ham Monk and Pat appeared in Death in Silver.
 Kumudra (Burmese: ကုမုဒြာ) is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 Aye and Gomorrah and other stories is a collection of stories by American writer Samuel R. Delany published by Vintage Books in 2003. It is a thematically arranged collection in the style of James Joyce’s Dubliners (1914) Sherwood Anderson’s Winesburg Ohio (1919) and Willa Cather’s Youth and the Bright Medusa (1920). The book is closely based on an earlier collection Driftglass which first appeared in 1971.
 End of Term is a book by British children's author Antonia Forest published in 1959. End of Term is the fourth Marlow book between Falconer's Lure and Peter's Room.
 The Documents in the Case is a 1930 novel by Dorothy L. Sayers and Robert Eustace. It is the only one of Sayers' twelve major crime novels not to feature Lord Peter Wimsey her most famous detective character.
 Jonaki (Assamese: জোনাকী Moonlight) was an Assamese language magazine published from Calcutta in 1889. It was also the mouthpiece of the then Assamese literary society Oxomiya Bhaxa Unnati Xadhini Xobha in which the society’s aim and objectives were regularly expressed. The first editor of the magazine was Chandra Kumar Agarwala.
 Conan the Savage is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in November 1992; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1993 and was reprinted in March 1999.
 Classics Illustrated is a comic book series featuring adaptations of literary classics such as Moby Dick Hamlet and The Iliad. Created by Albert Kanter the series began publication in 1941 and finished its first run in 1971 producing 169 issues. Following the series' demise various companies reprinted its titles.
 The Fall of the Pagoda (Chinese: 雷峰塔; pinyin: Léi Fēng Tǎ) is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Eileen Chang. Originally written in English in 1963 it was published posthumously by Hong Kong University Press on April 15 2010. Zhao Pihui translated it into Chinese.
 Aliqtisadi is an Arabic-language business news portal that covers several countries including the UAE Saudi Arabia Egypt Lebanon Palestine and United Kingdom. It is published by Haykal Media based in twofour54 Abu Dhabi UAE.
 Azul y Blanco (Spanish for 'Blue and White') was a political weekly newspaper published from Tegucigalpa Honduras. It was founded in 1914. Vidal Mejía became the first editor of the newspaper in 1915.Azul y Blanco was printed at El Sol printing press in Comayagüela.
 Aquarium (Russian title Аквариум) is a partly autobiographical description by Viktor Suvorov of the GRU (Soviet military intelligence directorate). The book was initially released on June 1 1985 by Hamish Hamilton.
 Long John Silver is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Xavier Dorison illustrated by Mathieu Laufray and published by Dargaud in French and Cinebook in English.
 Writers on Comic Scriptwriting is book series containing interviews from top comic book writers about their writing techniques and principle works. Volume 1 (ISBN 184023069X) was written by Mark Salisbury and Volume 2 (ISBN 1840238089) was written by Andrew Kardon and Tom Root.
 Hana Yori mo Hana no Gotoku (花よりも花の如く) is a manga series written and illustrated by Minako Narita.
 Diversity Woman Magazine (commonly referred to as DW) founded in 2007 is an American business magazine that features original articles about entrepreneurship career development technology finance health and diversity issues as they relate to women in the business world spotlighting success stories of business women of all races. With a current circulation of approximately 100000 the motto of DW is “Leadership empowerment for women who mean business.”
 Business Line or The Hindu Business Line is an Indian business newspaper published by Kasturi & Sons the publishers of the newspaper The Hindu located in Chennai India.
 Dawn of the Arcana (黎明のアルカナ Reimei no Arukana) is a shōjo manga by Rei Toma (藤間麗 Tōma Rei) first serialized in Monthly Cheese! and licensed by Viz Media. This is Rei Toma's first manga to be published in English as well as its original language.
 Republican Belfast: A Political Tourist's Guide written by an Irish republican ex prisoner Rab Kerr is acknowledged as being the first republican tourist book written about Belfast. The book contains maps photographs and commentary on all the sites of political and cultural interest in 'Republican Belfast'. Documenting the locations of all republican murals in the Greater Belfast area as well as memorial gardens museums and other such sites of interest.
 Z. Marcas is a novelette by French author Honoré de Balzac first published in 1840. Set in contemporary Paris it describes the rise and fall of a brilliant political strategist who is abandoned by the politicians he helps into power. Destitute and forgotten he befriends a pair of students who live next door to him in a boarding-house. The story follows their many discussions about the political situation in France.Balzac was inspired to write the story after he spotted the name Z.
 Flinx in Flux (1988) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is fifth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.Flinx finds a woman unconscious on a riverbank deep in the jungles of Alaspin where he has gone to release Pip’s offspring. The woman Clarity Held turns out to be a research scientist last working on the inhospitable world of Longtunnel.
 Stop!! Hibari-kun! (ストップ!! ひばりくん! Sutoppu!! Hibarikun!) is a manga series written and illustrated by Hisashi Eguchi. It ran in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1981 to 1983. The publisher has released all four volumes in tankōbon (bound volume) format. In 1983 Toei Animation created an anime adaptation which ran on Fuji Television from 1983 to 1984. While the anime has not been released in the U.S. the manga is translated in English on the Facebook pay-service Comic Friends.
 Invitation to the Castle (French: L'Invitation au Château) is a 1947 satirical play by the French playwright Jean Anouilh. It was adapted in 1950 by Christopher Fry as Ring Round the Moon. The play concerns two twins a cold manipulative playboy Hugo and his sensitive brother Frédéric. Frédéric is madly in love with Diana the spoiled daughter of a self-made millionaire. She herself wants Hugo as his impenetrability teases her.
 Flashpoint is an American comic book crossover story arc published by DC Comics. Consisting of an eponymous core limited series and a number of tie-in titles the storyline premiered in May 2011. The core miniseries was written by Geoff Johns and penciled by Andy Kubert.
 Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 5 is the fifth installment of Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology one of the many Alfred Hitchcock story collection books; edited by Eleanor Sullivan. Originally published in hardcover as Alfred Hitchcock's Tales to Send Chills Down Your Spine in 1979 the book contains 29 short stories by many well-known crime fiction novelists.
 The Pittsburgh Leader was a major newspaper in Pittsburgh operating from 1864 to 1923.
 Tunes for Bears to Dance To is a young adult novel written by American author Robert Cormier that discusses themes of morality from the perspective of an 11-year-old named Henry. This novel also has many metaphors and ties to the Holocaust. This book is very loyal to Robert Cormier's style as it is very short and haunting.
 Published in 1987 Farewell to the Sea is the third book in Reinaldo Arenas' Pentagonia which critics have often argued as his best. Set on a Cuban beach immediately following the revolution a disenchanted poet mourns for the new suppression while his wife longs for the connectivity that she can no longer find.
 Style at Home is a monthly interior design magazine published by IPC Media. It is edited by Jennifer Morgan.
 Mad River is a western novel by Donald Hamilton.
 Visser is the third companion (Chronicles) book to the Animorphs series written by K. A. Applegate. Within the continuity of the series it takes place directly after the events of book #35 The Proposal but is also in part a detail (chronicle) of the backstory of its narrator Edriss 562 Visser One whose host is Marco's mother Eva and who is on trial for treason by the Yeerk Council of Thirteen in the present of the book.
 The Solarians is a science fiction novel by Norman Spinrad. It was first published in 1966. It was Spinrad's first published novel.Unlike Spinrad's controversial later work this novel is a mainstream space opera featuring space battles faster than light spacedrives and an alien enemy the Duglaari. Some 1960's themes of sexual freedom individual fulfillment and non-conformism appear.
 Rose Guns Days (ローズガンズデイズ Rōzu Ganzu Deizu) is a four-part Japanese dōjin visual novel series produced by 07th Expansion and playable on Windows PCs. The first game in the series Season 1 was released on August 11 2012 and the fourth game Last Season was released on December 31 2013. There have been five manga adaptations based on Rose Guns Days published by Kodansha and Square Enix.
 The Journal of Religious & Theological Information is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge that covers research in the field of library and information studies as relating to religious studies and related fields including philosophy ethnic studies anthropology sociology and history.
 The Two Voices is a poem written by British Poet Laureate Alfred Tennyson between 1833 and 1834 published in his 1842 volume of Poems. Tennyson wrote the poem titled Thoughts of a Suicide in manuscript after the death of his friend Arthur Henry Hallam in 1833. Tennyson explained When I wrote 'The Two Voices' I was so utterly miserable a burden to myself and to my family that I said 'Is life worth anything?' (Hill 54).
 Kyle XY: Under the Radar is an original novel based on the hit ABC Family series Kyle XY. As a novel designed primarily as a tie-in to the television series Kyle XY: Under the Radar follows many of the same themes present in Kyle XY's second season concerning Kyle Trager. The novel is set a few days after the bonfire in the episode The List is Life.
 The Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science was an academic journal established in 1928. From 1928-1934 it was published under the title Contributions to Canadian Economics. In 1967-1968 the journal was split into the Canadian Journal of Economics and the Canadian Journal of Political Science.
 Cythera is the fourth novel by British science fiction author Richard Calder and was first published in 1998.
 Arigatō (ありがとう lit. Thank You) is a manga by Naoki Yamamoto. It was adapted into a live-action film directed by Masaaki Odagiri in 1996.[citation needed]
 Bobo is a monthly Dutch magazine for children. The magazine follows the adventures of the protagonist Bobo a nine years old blue rabbit. Every month there is a new theme. The magazine consists of stories and comics. The purpose of the magazine is learn and play for an audience primarily consisting in children aged 3 to 6 years and it is for the most part distributed through primary schools. It's published by Blink Publishers. Since 2010 Bobo has developed into a crossmedial brand.
 I Am the Cheese is a crime novel by the American writer Robert Cormier published in American and British hardcover and paperback editions all during 1977. In the U.S. Knopf published the hardcover under its Pantheon imprint and Dell the softcover under Laurel Leaf its mass-market paperback imprint for teens. Its Library of Congress Subject Headings are intelligence service fiction and organized crime fiction.
 Verdigris Deep is a children's fantasy novel by Frances Hardinge. It concerns three children who fall into the power of a well witch after stealing coins from a wishing well. They are given various powers in order to grant the wishes of others. While many of the wishes seem harmless they all eventually lead to perishable fates. It was originally published by Macmillan in the UK in 2007 and released in the United States a year later under the title Well Witched.
 Birth of a Notion is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story was written to celebrate the semicentennial (fiftieth anniversary) of the magazine Amazing Stories in June 1976. It appeared in the 1976 collection The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories.
 Measuring Business Excellence is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering Performance management and measurement. The editors-in-chief are Jos van Iwaarden (RSM Erasmus University) and Giovanni Schiuma (Università degli Studi della Basilicata). The journal was established in 1997 and is published by Emerald Group Publishing in association with the Performance Management Association. The journal is abstracted and indexed in ABI/Inform DIALOG Inspec ProQuest databases and Scopus.
 The Grimoire was a comic book series published by Speakeasy Comics in 2005. A contemporary fantasy story The Grimoire was created by writer Sebastien Caisse and art studio Grafiksismik.
 Midnight Express is a 1977 book by Billy Hayes and William Hoffer about Billy's experience as a young American who was sent to a Turkish prison for trying to smuggle hashish out of Turkey to the US. An adaptation of the book was made into an American film of the same name directed by Alan Parker in 1978.
 The SAIS Review of International Affairs is an academic journal based at the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) part of The Johns Hopkins University. The journal's mission is to advance the debate on leading contemporary issues in world affairs. Seeking to bring a fresh and policy-relevant perspective to global political economic and security questions the SAIS Review publishes essays that straddle the boundary between scholarly inquiry and practical experience.
 Preservation the magazine of the National Trust for Historic Preservation launched in 1952 as Historic Preservation. By 1998 the magazine won a National Magazine Award for General Excellence under Robert S. Wilson editor in chief. The magazine's launching point is architecture but it is also as the judges of the National Magazine Award write about politics art history places and people … Preservation tells the stories of extraordinary buildings and sites all over the world.
 One of our Thursdays is Missing is the sixth Thursday Next book by the British author Jasper Fforde. It was published in February 2011 in the UK and was published in March in the United States. The title is a reference to the 1942 war film One of Our Aircraft Is Missing.
 Girls Gone Mild: Young Women Reclaim Self-Respect and Find It's Not Bad to Be Good is a book by Wendy Shalit published by Random House in 2007.
 Player's Secrets of Binsada is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Crash was a magazine dedicated to the ZX Spectrum home computer. It was published from 1984 to 1991 by Newsfield Publications Ltd until their liquidation and then until 1992 by Europress.
 The Wallet of Kai Lung is a collection of fantasy stories by Ernest Bramah all but the last of which feature Kai Lung an itinerant story-teller of ancient China. It was first published in hardcover in London by Grant Richards in 1900 and there have been numerous editions since. Its initial tale The Transmutation of Ling was also issued by the same publisher as a separate chapbook in 1911.
 Marvel Zombies vs. The Army of Darkness is a five-issue 2007 comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in association with Dynamite Entertainment an intercompany crossover in which Ash Williams hero of the popular Evil Dead film and comic book finds himself in the Marvel Zombies setting a world of flesh-eating zombified Marvel Comics heroes.
 The Deerslayer or The First Warpath (1841) was the last of James Fenimore Cooper's Leatherstocking tales to be written. Its 1740-1745 time period makes it the first installment chronologically and in the lifetime of the hero of the Leatherstocking tales Natty Bumppo. The novel's setting on Otsego Lake in central upstate New York is the same as that of The Pioneers the first of the Leatherstocking tales to be published (1823).
 The Book of Fantasy is the second English translation of Antología de la Literatura Fantástica an anthology of appromixately 81 fantastic short stories fragments excerpts and poems edited by Jorge Luis Borges Adolfo Bioy Casares and Silvina Ocampo. It was first published in Argentina in 1940 and revised in 1965 and 1976. It was originally translated by Anthony Kerrigan as Extraordinary Tales and published by Herder & Herder in 1971.
 Public Opinion is a book by Walter Lippmann published in 1922 that is a critical assessment of functional democratic government especially the irrational and often self-serving social perceptions that influence individual behavior and prevent optimal societal cohesion.
 Travel + Leisure is a travel magazine based in New York City New York. Published 12 times a year it has 4.8 million readers according to its corporate media kit. It is put out by Time Inc. Its main competitors are Condé Nast Traveler and National Geographic Traveler.
 David Elginbrod is an 1863 novel by George MacDonald. It is MacDonald's first realistic novel.
 Flashman and the Redskins is a 1982 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the seventh of the Flashman novels.
 The Post Card: From Socrates to Freud and Beyond (French: La carte postale: De Socrate à Freud et au-delà) is a 1980 book by French philosopher Jacques Derrida. It is a satire of epistolary literature. After Glas (1974) it is sometimes considered Derrida's most literary book and continues the critical engagement with psychoanalysis first signaled in Freud and the Scene of Writing (from the 1967 Writing and Difference).
 Vinyl Cafe Diaries (2003) is Stuart McLean's fourth volume of stories that first aired on the CBC Radio program The Vinyl Cafe.
 Naturalist is an autobiography by naturalist entomologist and sociobiologist Edward O. Wilson first published in 1994 by Island Press. In it he writes on his childhood and the beginnings of his interest in biology on his work in entomology and myrmecology on his work with biogeography and on several of his writings including on his controversial work Sociobiology: The New Synthesis as well as several other subjects.
 Kapitanov ključ is a novel by Slovenian author Ivan Sivec. It was first published in 2004.
 Œdipe sur la route is a Belgian novel by Henry Bauchau. It was first published in 1990.
 Radical Chic & Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers is a 1970 book by Tom Wolfe. The book Wolfe's fourth is composed of two articles by Wolfe These Radical Chic Evenings first published in June 1970 in New York magazine about a gathering Leonard Bernstein held for the Black Panther Party and Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers about the response of many minorities to San Francisco's poverty programs. Both essays looked at the conflict between black rage and white guilt.
 The Unnamed is the second novel by American novelist Joshua Ferris. Fiametta Rocco Editor of Books and Arts at The Economist called it the best new novel I have read in the past ten years.
 Blue Willow is a realistic children's fiction book by Doris Gates published in 1940. Called the juvenile Grapes of Wrath it was named a Newbery Honor book in 1941. Written by a librarian who worked with migrant children in Fresno California this story of a migrant girl who longs for a permanent home was considered groundbreaking in its portrayal of contemporary working-class life in America.
 Zeit Wissen is a bi-monthly popular science magazine published in Germany. The magazine is spun off from the German weekly newspaper Die Zeit. The German phrase Zeit Wissen literally translates to Time-Knowledge and refers to the up-to-the-minute nature of the magazine's subject matter and focus.
 Down Under is the British title of a 2000 travelogue book about Australia written by best-selling travel writer Bill Bryson. In the United States and Canada it was published titled In a Sunburned Country a title taken from the famous Australian poem My Country. It was also published as part of Walk About which included Down Under and another of Bryson's books A Walk in the Woods: Rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail in one volume.
 The Floating Admiral is a collaborative detective novel written by fourteen members of the Detection Club in 1931. The twelve chapters of the story were each written by a different author in the following sequence: Canon Victor Whitechurch G. D. H. Cole and Margaret Cole Henry Wade Agatha Christie John Rhode Milward Kennedy Dorothy L. Sayers Ronald Knox Freeman Wills Crofts Edgar Jepson Clemence Dane and Anthony Berkeley. G. K.
 Cursor's Fury is a 2006 high fantasy novel by Jim Butcher. It is book three of the Codex Alera novel series. It takes place approximately two years after the events in book two Academ's Fury.
 The Daily News is a daily newspaper based in Bowling Green Kentucky. It is published Saturday and Sunday mornings and Monday through Friday evenings.The current newspaper can trace its roots to the Bowling Green Democrat founded in 1854. A rival paper The Daily Times was founded by John B. Gaines in 1882 and the newspapers eventually merged into the predecessor to the Park City Daily News; now named the Daily News.
 Nature Reviews Clinical Oncology is a peer-reviewed journal for oncologists. The journal was renamed from Nature Clinical Practice Oncology in April 2009. Nature Reviews Clinical Oncology is one of eight Clinical Review journals published by the Nature Publishing Group. It covers research developments and clinical practice in oncology.
 Devil of a State is a 1961 novel by Anthony Burgess based on his experience living and working in Bandar Seri Begawan in the Southeast Asian sultanate of Brunei on the island of Borneo in 1958-59.
 Evening (イブニング Ibuningu) is a bi-weekly Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Kodansha aimed at adult men. It is printed in black and white on newsprint and saddle-stapled in B5 format and retails for 330 yen. Circulation was reported by the Japan Magazine Publishers Association at 166000 copies in late 2008.
 The Last Train From Hiroshima: The Survivors Look Back is a book by American author Charles R. Pellegrino and published on January 19 2010 by Henry Holt and Company that documents life in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in the time immediately preceding during and following the aftermath of the atomic bombings of Japan.
 The Journal of Pharmacy and Bioallied Sciences is a quarterly medical journal. It is the official publication of the Organization of Pharmaceutical Unity with BioAllied Sciences. The current editor-in-chief is R.K. Khar.
 Yeast is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. It publishes original research articles reviews and short communications on all aspects of Saccharomyces and other clinically important yeasts. The journal focuses on the most significant developments of research with unicellular fungi including innovative methods of broad applicability. The editors-in-chief are John Armstrong Dana Davis Gianni Liti Steve Oliver.
 Appetite is a peer-reviewed journal published by Elsevier focusing on the behavioral sciences particularly as it pertains to food and/or beverage intake. The journal is published bimonthly since 1980. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.541. The journal is indexed in Scopus.
 The Other Side: the Secret Relationship Between Nazism and Zionism (Arabic: al-Wajh al-Akhar: al-'Alaqat as-Sirriya bayna an-Naziya wa's-Sihyuniya) is a book by Mahmoud Abbas published in 1984 in Arabic.
 Black and White is a book by David Macaulay. Released by Houghton Mifflin it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1991. The book contains four different illustrated stories told at once two on the left hand page and two on the right. Each story has a distinct artistic style; however they all share similar characters themes and plot elements leading the reader to believe that the four stories may or may not be one story told from different points of view.
 The Journal of Product Innovation Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal published bimonthly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Product Development and Management Association. The current editor-in-chief is C.
 Hot Six is the sixth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum and was written in 2001.
 The Second Trip is a 1972 science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg. Prior to its publication by Doubleday it was published in serialized form in Amazing Stories from July to September 1971.
 Service with a Smile is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on 15 October 1961 by Simon & Schuster Inc. New York and in the United Kingdom on 17 August 1962 by Herbert Jenkins London. It is the eighth full-length novel set at Blandings Castle and features the unstoppable Uncle Fred in his fourth and final novel appearance.
 One Story is a literary magazine which publishes 18 issues a year each issue containing a single short story. The magazine was founded in 2002 by writers Hannah Tinti and Maribeth Batcha.
 Grand Forks Gazette is the local newspaper of Grand Forks British Columbia founded in 1897. The paper is published every Wednesday and features local news sports and local events from city council coverage to Border Bruin hockey. The columns feature local issues. The Grand Forks Gazette has a second publication called the West Kootenay Advertiser published on Fridays to 27000 homes in the West Kootenay and Boundary region.
 Oslobođenje (English: Liberation) is a popular newspaper in Bosnia and Herzegovina based in the capital city Sarajevo.
 Sjair Abdoel Moeloek (Perfected Spelling: Syair Abdul Muluk) is an 1847 syair (poem) credited variously to Raja Ali Haji or his sister Saleha. It tells of a woman who passes as a man to free her husband from the Sultan of Hindustan who had captured him in an assault on their kingdom.
 Among the Enemy is a 2005 novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation. It is the sixth of seven novels in the Shadow Children series.
 CHIP is a computer and communications magazine published by the CHIP Holding (formerly Vogel Burda Holding GmbH) in 15 countries of Europe and Asia. The German edition of CHIP was launched in September 1978 and is one of Germany's oldest and largest computer magazines with 418.019 copies sold in average each month of the 4th quarter 2008.Competitors in its German home market include Computer Bild PC-Welt and c't.
 Basler Zeitung (literally: Basler Newspaper) or BaZ is a Swiss German-language regional daily newspaper published in Basel. It was created in 1977 through the merger of the Basler Nachrichten and the National-Zeitung. The newspaper is owned by the Basler Zeitung Medien which also publishes the free daily newspaper Baslerstab.
 How Steeple Sinderby Wanderers Won the F.A. Cup is the fourth novel by J.L. Carr published in 1975. The novel is a comic fantasy that describes in the form of an official history how a village football club progressed through the FA Cup to beat Glasgow Rangers F.C. in the final at Wembley Stadium. Like all of Carr's novels it is grounded in his own experience.
 The Fugitive from Corinth is the 10th book in the popular Roman Mysteries series by Caroline Lawrence published in 2005. It is set in Greece in AD 80 between Corinth and Athens. It focuses on the legends surrounding the Furies.
 Cleopatra: Being an Account of the Fall and Vengeance of Harmachis is a novel written by the author H. Rider Haggard the author of King Solomon's Mines and She.The book was first printed in 1889.The story is set in the Ptolemaic era of Ancient Egyptian history and revolves around the survival of a dynasty bloodline protected by the Priesthood of Isis.
 Social Science Information/Information sur les sciences sociales is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers social science. The journal's editor-in-chief is Anne Rocha Perazzo (School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences). It was established in 1962 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Fondation Maison des Sciences de l’Homme. The journal publishes articles in both English and French.
 Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 1 (ブギーポップ・リターンズ　ＶＳイマジネーターＰａｒｔ１ Bugīpoppu Ritānzu VS Imajinētā Part 1) is the second novel in the Boogiepop series by Kouhei Kadono and was illustrated by Kouji Ogata.
 Antiviral Chemistry & Chemotherapy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published bimonthly by International Medical Press. It was established in January 1990 and published by Blackwell Publishing until 1997. The editor-in-chief is Hugh J. Field (University of Cambridge). The journal covers research on all aspects of the preclinical development of antiviral drugs including their chemical synthesis biochemistry pharmacology mode of action and virology as well as studies in animal models.
 High Roads is a six-issue limited series created by writer Scott Lobdell and artist Leinil Francis Yu. It was published in April 2002 by Cliffhanger an imprint of DC Comics' Wildstorm Productions.It tells about the story of a U.S. Army Captain Nick Highroad as he tries to survive the final days of World War II. Along the way he meets up with a British actor an ex-kamikaze pilot and one of Hitler's mistresses.
 The Comedy of Charleroi (French: La comédie de Charleroi) is a 1934 short story collection by the French writer Pierre Drieu La Rochelle. It consists of six loosely connected stories based on Drieu La Rochelle's experiences as a soldier during World War I. An English translation by Douglas Gallagher was published in 1973.
 Mycologia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers on all aspects of the fungi including lichens. It first appeared as a bimonthly journal in January 1909 published by the New York Botanical Garden under the editorship of William Murrill. It became the official journal of the Mycological Society of America which still publishes it today.
 Beyond Sleep (Dutch: Nooit meer slapen) is a 1966 novel by the Dutch writer Willem Frederik Hermans. It tells the story of Alfred Issendorf a Dutch geology student who travels with a group of Norwegian students to Finnmark northern Norway to investigate a theory his professor has that craters in the local landscape were not formed by Ice Age glaciers but by meteor impacts.
 Tomcat in Love is a novel by Tim O'Brien about the misadventures of a womanizing linguistics Professor Thomas H. Chippering originally published in hardcover by Broadway Books in 1998. Chippering is obsessive about proper use of the English language and employs many examples of wordplay. Written in the first person the tale unfolds with extensive use of flashback (what Chippering would insist be called analepsis) and foreshadowing.
 Physiological Reports is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering original research in all areas of physiology. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society.
 Querelles de famille (Family Quarrels) is a novel by Georges Duhamel published in 1932 by Mercure de France dedicated to Roger Martin du Gard.
 The African Human Rights Law Reports is an annual law journal published by JUTA Law on behalf of the Centre for Human Rights at the University of Pretoria. It contains legal decisions of relevance to human rights law in Africa. These include selected domestic decisions from the whole continent as well as the decisions of the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights and the United Nations treaty bodies dealing with African countries.
 Lola Cordova is a single-issue French graphic novel written and drawn by Arthur Qwak and published in April 2005. The extremely non-linear story tells the adventures of a prostitute who is kidnapped by aliens who wish to destroy the world.It was republished in the march 08 issue of HEAVY METAL
 Bullet Park is a 1969 novel by American Novelist John Cheever about an earnest yet pensive father Eliot Nailles and his troubled son Tony and their predestined fate with a psychotic man Hammer who moves to Bullet Park to sacrifice one of them. The book deals with the failure of the American dream spoken in a fable-like tone in similar vein with Richard Yates' Revolutionary Road and The Great Gatsby.
 Giniro no Olynssis (銀色のオリンシス Giniro no Orinshisu) is a Japanese light novel created by Hitomi Amamiya with illustrations by Hisashi Hirai. It was first serialized in the seinen magazine Dengeki Maoh in November 2006. An anime adaptation directed by Katsumi Tokoro and produced by Toei Animation aired in Japan from October 5 2006 to December 21 2006.
 Ang Paboritong Libro ni Hudas (The Favorite Book of Judas) or The Black Book is a 2003 semi-biography book by Filipino author Bob Ong. It was his third published work and the first book where he first introduces fiction to his readers.
 Children of the Jedi is a 1995 bestselling fictional Star Wars novel written by Barbara Hambly. The novel is set several months after the Jedi Academy Trilogy in the Star Wars Expanded Universe timeline. Moreover it serves as book one in a three book cycle involving Callista an ex-Jedi Knight. The next book in the cycle is Darksaber by Kevin J. Anderson. Hambly also wrote the final novel in the cycle Planet of Twilight.
 A Place of Execution is an acclaimed crime novel by Val McDermid first published in 1999. The novel won the Los Angeles Times Book Prize the 2001 Dilys Award was shortlisted for both the Gold Dagger and the Edgar Award and was chosen by the New York Times as one of the most notable books of the year.It has two parallel storylines; the first set in 1963 follows Detective Inspector George Bennett who attempts to locate a missing girl in Derbyshire.
 Assabah (Arabic: الصباح‎) is a daily arabophone Moroccan newspaper.
 Against Equality of Opportunity is a 2002 book by Matt Cavanagh.The work is a critique of the doctrine of equal opportunity. Cavanagh argues against the conventional understanding of equal opportunity in particular both meritocracy and most substantial interpretations of equality including the idea of ‘equal life chances’.
 Give Me Liberty is a four-issue comic book mini-series published by Dark Horse Comics in 1990. It was created and written by Frank Miller and drawn by Dave Gibbons. The title of the series comes from a famous quotation by Patrick Henry: I know not what course others may take but — as for me — give me liberty or give me death.
 The Eustace Diamonds is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1871 as a serial in the Fortnightly Review. It is the third of the Palliser series of novels.
 The Record is the only daily (Monday–Friday) English language newspaper based in Sherbrooke Quebec Canada.
 Mon village à l'heure allemande is a novel by Jean-Louis Bory published in 1945 which won the Prix Goncourt the same year.
 Reservoir Pups (also known as Running with the Reservoir Pups) is the first novel of the Eddie & the Gang with No Name trilogy by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman published on 13 November 2003 through Hodder Children's Books. It is Bateman's first young-adult novel.
 The European Journal of Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell. It was established by Mark Sacks in 1993 and the current editor-in-chief is Christopher Hookway.
 16 Magazine was a fan magazine published in New York City sometimes credited by those in the publishing and entertainment industries as a primary influence in shaping rock journalism.
 Steps to an Ecology of Mind is a collection of Gregory Bateson's short works over his long and varied career. Subject matter includes essays on anthropology cybernetics psychiatry and epistemology. It was originally published by Chandler Publishing Company in 1972 (republished 2000 with foreword by Mary Catherine Bateson).The book begins with a series of metalogues which take the form of conversations with his daughter Mary Catherine Bateson.
 The Concord Monitor is the daily newspaper for Concord the state capital of New Hampshire. It also covers surrounding towns in Merrimack most of Belknap county as well as portions of Grafton Rockingham and Hillsborough counties. The Monitor has several times been named as one of the best small papers in America and in April 2008 the Monitor became a Pulitzer Prize winning paper when photographer Preston Gannaway was honored for feature photography.
 Le Naturaliste Canadien is a Canadian French-language peer-reviewed scientific journal published semiannually by the Société Léon-Provancher d'Histoire Naturelle du Canada. The journal publishes articles on all topics of natural sciences with a specific focus on ecology and conservation biology in Quebec. The journal also acts as the official publication of the society.
 Poems from Prison is a debut book of poetry by African American poet Etheridge Knight published in 1968. The book describes his eight-year imprisonment for robbery. It attracted the attention of such poets as Amiri Baraka Don Lee Gwendolyn Brooks and his future wife Sonia Sanchez who campaigned for Knight's parole.
 El Nuevo Tesoro de la Juventud (The New Treasure of Youth) is a general Spanish-language encyclopedia published by Grolier International Inc.
 Monsieur Linh and His Child is a novella by French author Philippe Claudel originally published in French in 2005.Monsier Linh is an East Asian—possibly Vietnamese—refugee to France. His son and daughter-in-law were killed in an unspecified war and he has fled to France with his infant granddaughter Sang Diû. Despite the language barrier he befriends the widower Monsieur Bark whom he meets on a park bench.
 National Lampoon Encyclopedia of Humor is an American humor book that was first published in 1973 in hardback. It was a special issue of National Lampoon magazine so it was sold on newsstands however it was put out in addition to the regular issues of the magazine.The book contained all new material.
 The Star-Gazette is the major newspaper for Elmira New York. Based in Elmira the publication is owned by the Gannett Corporation.
 Black Man (published as Thirteen in North America) is a 2007 science fiction novel by the English author Richard Morgan. It won the 2008 Arthur C Clarke Award. It is not part of the Takeshi Kovacs universe by the same author.
 Utah Stories is an online and print-based alternative news source covering the greater Salt Lake City area.
 The Jester of Columbia or simply the Jester is a humor magazine at Columbia University in New York City. Founded on April Fool's Day 1901 it is one of the oldest such publications in the United States.Printed continuously at least through 1997. It was revived in 2001 after a short lapse in publication and again in 2005 after another shorter one. Jester now produces magazines and sponsors comedy events on Columbia's campus.
 Psychiatric Rehabilitation Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 2002 and covers research on the topics of rehabilitation psychosocial treatment and recovery of people with serious mental illnesses. The current editors-in-chief are Judith A. Cook (University of Illinois) and Kim T. Mueser (Geisel School of Medicine).
 The Tenth Circle (2006) is a novel by Jodi Picoult about date rape and father/daughter relationships. It heavily references Dante's Inferno.
 Mutant Texas: Tales of Sheriff Ida Red is a four-issue comic book miniseries created by Paul Dini and illustrated by J. Bone published by Oni Press in 2002. The stories take place in a mythical West Texas town changed by a release of atomic power and mystic forces.The lead character is Sheriff Ida Red a seemingly normal 16-year-old orphan who develops amazing mutant powers. Through her heroism Ida later becomes sheriff of the strange town.
 Metallomics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles on all aspects of the growing research field of metallomics. It is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry. Authors can elect to have accepted articles published as open access.The editor-in-chief of Metallomics is May Copsey. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2009 immediacy index of 0.755. The journal's impact factor for 2012 is 4.099.
 The Americans is a historical novel written by John Jakes and originally published in 1979 and is the eighth and last book in The Kent Family Chronicles. The novel intermingles fictional characters with historical events and figures to tell the story of the United States.
 The Economic Times is an English-language Indian daily newspaper published by the Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. first published in 1961. It is the world's second-most widely read English-language business newspaper after the Wall Street Journal. with a readership of over 800000.
 The News-Gazette is a daily newspaper serving eleven counties in the eastern portion of Central Illinois and specifically the Champaign–Urbana metropolitan area. Based in Champaign Illinois the paper is independently owned by Professional Impressions Media Group which also controls local radio stations WDWS WKIO and WHMS.
 Blank Slate (Japanese: 悪性 －アクサガ－ Hepburn: Akusei – Akusaga ) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Aya Kanno. The manga was serialized in Hakusensha's manga magazine Bessatsu Hana to Yume. The individual chapters were collected into two bound volumeswhich were published by Hakusensha on September 16 2005 and June 19 2006.
 Anelida and Arcite is a 357-line English poem by Geoffrey Chaucer. It tells the story of Anelida queen of Armenia and her wooing by false Arcite from Thebes Greece.Although relatively short it is a poem with a complex structure with an invocation and then the main story. The story is made up of an introduction and a complaint by Anelida which is in turn made up of a proem a strophe antistrophe and a conclusion.
 Mind Siege: The Battle for Truth in the New Millennium is a book written by David Noebel and Timothy LaHaye criticizing and attacking what they view secular humanism to be. It was published in 2000.
 Cavalier is an American magazine that was launched by Fawcett Publications in 1952 and has continued for decades eventually evolving into a Playboy-style men's magazine. It has no connection with the Frank Munsey pulp The Cavalier published in the early years of the 20th century.In its original format Cavalier was planned by Fawcett to feature novelettes and novels by Fawcett's Gold Medal authors including Richard Prather and Mickey Spillane.
 The National Observer was a weekly American general-interest national newspaper published by Dow Jones & Company from 1962 until July 11 1977. Hunter S. Thompson wrote several articles for the National Observer as the correspondent for Latin America early in his career.The newspaper was the inspiration of Barney Kilgore then the president of Dow Jones.
 A Town Where You Live (Japanese: 君のいる町 Hepburn: Kimi no Iru Machi) is a manga series by Kouji Seo. It was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine between May 2008 and February 2014. The series was licensed for Crunchyroll Manga in October 2013.
 Technotise is a Serbian comic book created by Aleksa Gajić and Darko Grkinić. It was promoted in an unusual way for Serbian comics by the main character being featured in the music video Bombona? for which Gajić composed the music. It has 68 color pages. The comic book was a great success and a sequel animated feature film Technotise: Edit & I has been made.
 Arms and the Man is a comedy by George Bernard Shaw whose title comes from the opening words of Virgil's Aeneid in Latin:Arma virumque cano (Arms and the man I sing).The play was first produced on April 21 1894 at the Avenue Theatre and published in 1898 as part of Shaw's Plays Pleasant volume which also included Candida You Never Can Tell and The Man of Destiny. The play was one of Shaw's first commercial successes.
 Shenzhen (published in English as Shenzhen: A Travelogue From China) is a black-and-white graphic novel by the Canadian Québécois author Guy Delisle published in 2000.It documents Delisle's three-month deployment in December 1997 to Shenzhen a big city developed by the People's Republic of China near Hong Kong where he is acting as the liaison between Dupuis a Belgian animation producing company and a Chinese studio where Chinese animators draw child-oriented films (Papyrus) from the layout phase taking the French storyboards as a guide.He struggles with boredom the difficulties of outsourcing and the culture shock of a Westerner in this profit-oriented Chinese city.The book has 145 pages.Some of the frames are drawn by Chinese artists and by a friend of Delisle's.
 Ang Tala sa Panghulo (The Bright Star at Panghulo) is a 1913 Tagalog-language romance novel written by Filipino novelist Patricio Mariano. The 207-page book was published in Manila by R. Martinez and was printed by the Imprenta At Litograpya Ni Juan Fajardo (Printer And Lithography By Juan Fajardo) during the American era in Philippine history.
 Big Pumpkin is a 1992 children's book written by Erica Silverman and illustrated by S.D. Schindler loosely based on the Russian folktale The Turnip. The book was first released on August 31 1992 through Aladdin Paperbacks and takes place on Halloween as a witch struggles to release her pumpkin from a vine.
 Apalachee Review is an American literary journal based in Tallahassee Florida. The journal was founded in 1971.
 Qualitative Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Sociology and Social Sciences Interdisciplinary. The journal's editors are Paul Atkinson (Cardiff University) and Sara Delamont (Cardiff University). It has been in publication since 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Character Is Destiny: Inspiring Stories Every Young Person Should Know and Every Adult Should Remember is a 2005 book by United States Senator John McCain with Mark Salter. Published by Random House ISBN 1-4000-6412-0 it is a collection of biographies about individuals from the past and present who in the authors' view exemplify the best qualities of character. The book is divided into seven parts with further divisions of a characteristic and a person who is seen to exemplify it.
 All Select Comics is an American comic book series published by Timely Comics the 1940s predecessor of Marvel Comics during the period fans and historians call the Golden Age of comic books. An omnibus series with several different superhero and other features each issue it primarily starred Captain America and the original Human Torch two of Timely's most popular characters as well as fellow Timely star the Sub-Mariner in several.
 Lord Emsworth and Others is a collection of nine short stories by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on March 19 1937 by Herbert Jenkins London; it was not published in the United States. The Crime Wave at Blandings which was published on 25 June 1937 by Doubleday Doran New York is a very different collection sharing only three of its seven titles with the UK book. Penguin Books published a UK edition of The Crime Wave at Blandings in 1966.
 România Nouă (English: New Romania) was a newspaper from Chişinău the Moldavian Republic founded by Onisifor Ghibu in January 1918. It was the successor of Ardealul. România Nouă was published between January 24 - December 2 1918 and June 1 1926-June 1 1927.
 The School of Water Business (都立水商! Toritsu Mizusho!) is a manga series created by Shinobu Inokuma the author of Salad Days. It is based on a novel by Hikaru Murozumi and is set in a fictional trade-school—that focuses on the mizu shōbai—located in the Kabukichō district of Shinjuku Tokyo.The school's focus is to give students their last chance in the school system.
 Monica's Gang Teen (Turma da Mônica Jovem) is a manga-style Brazilian comic created in August 2008 by Mauricio de Sousa The series features the characters from Monica's Gang as teenagers.
 Son of Scarface: A Memoir by the Grandson of Al Capone is an autobiography by Chris W. Knight who alleges that his grandfather was the gangster Al Capone.
 Physics of the Impossible: A Scientific Exploration Into the World of Phasers Force Fields Teleportation and Time Travel is a book by theoretical physicist Michio Kaku. Kaku uses discussion of speculative technologies to introduce topics of fundamental physics to the reader. The topic of invisibility becomes a discussion on why the speed of light is slower in water than in vacuum that electromagnetism is similar to ripples in a pond and Kaku discusses newly developed composite materials.
 The Doubleman is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Christopher Koch.
 Earth is a 1990 science fiction novel written by David Brin. The book was nominated for the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1991.
 The First Rule is a 2010 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the thirteenth in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole.
 Jericho Season 3: Civil War is a comic book limited series of six issues that continues the storyline of the CBS television show Jericho. It was written by Jason M. Burns and the Jericho writing team.On March 12 2009 Devil's Due Publishing announced that all storylines from the TV series will be continued in a comic book series. On November 25 2009 Devil's Due Publishing released the first issue of the six-issue continuation of the Jericho saga.
 Encyclopedia of Conifers. A Comprehensive Guide to Conifer Cultivars and Species is an encyclopedia written by Aris G. Auders and Derek P. Spicer published in 2012. The two-volume extensively illustrated encyclopedia is a complete reference book covering all recognised conifer cultivars and species both hardy and tropical.
 Deutsche Mathematik (German mathematics) was a mathematics journal founded by Ludwig Bieberbach and Theodor Vahlen in 1936. It is also the name of a movement closely associated with the journal whose aim was to promote German mathematics and eliminate Jewish influence similar to the Deutsche Physik movement.
 Kent on Sunday is a multi-award winning regional newspaper covering the county of Kent in the United Kingdom. It is published on every Sunday of the year and is available from supermarkets garages and newsagents. The newspaper is the flagship paper of the KOS Media publishing company.The main focus of the paper is to provide the County with a regional informative news and a sport service. The paper also covers retail leisure and lifestyle features plus jobs cars and property sections.
 Columbus Alive (also presented as alive! and aLIVE) is a free weekly news publication serving Columbus Ohio. The newspaper focuses on local music art and culture and is distributed on Thursdays. The publication was acquired by The Columbus Dispatch in the first half of 2006 and the circulation is approximately 55000. Before the paper was sold the publisher was Sally Crane (of the Crane Plastics family). In the early 2000s while still operated by Ms.
 Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch (マーメイドメロディーぴちぴちピッチ Māmeido Merodī Pichi Pichi Pitchi) is a shōjo manga and anime series created by Michiko Yokote with artwork by Pink Hanamori. The manga was originally published in the monthly shōjo manga anthology Nakayoshi.
 Fences and Windows: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the Globalization Debate is a 2002 book by Canadian journalist Naomi Klein and editor Debra Ann Levy. The book is a collection of newspaper articles mostly from The Globe and Mail with a few magazine articles from The Nation and speech transcripts. The articles and speeches were all written by Klein in the 30 months after the publication of her first book No Logo from December 1999 to March 2002.
 Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the fifth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. It first appeared in the November and December issues of All-Story Cavalier Weekly in 1916 and the first book publication was by McClurg in 1918.The novel was written while Burroughs lived in Oak Park Illinois which provided the name Opar.[citation needed]
 Newsweek Polska is a Polish weekly news magazine published as the local edition of Newsweek.
 The Irish Daily Star (formerly known simply as The Star) is a tabloid newspaper published in Ireland by the Independent Star Limited a joint venture between Northern & Shell which owns the British Daily Star and Independent News & Media.The Irish Daily Star became known for its comprehensive in-depth coverage of and thorough focus on crime often featuring sensational coverage. It also focuses heavily on celebrity matters and has a large sports section.
 The Good Shepherd (1955) is a nautical and war novel by C.S. Forester best known as the creator of fictional Royal Navy officer Horatio Hornblower.
 Building Services Engineering Research and Technology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles in the field of building services engineering. The journal was established in 1980 and is published on behalf of the Chartered Institute of Building Services Engineers.
 Iron Man: Enter the Mandarin is a 2007 comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. Written by Joe Casey with art by Eric Canete the series is a retelling of Iron Man's first encounter with the Mandarin. The original version of the story appeared in Tales of Suspense #50 (February 1964).
 All About Soap is a fortnightly UK magazine released on Tuesday.
 My Summer Of Love is a novel by Helen Cross first published in Great Britain in 2001 winning a Betty Trask Award in the subsequent year.Set in the fictional Yorkshire market town of Whitehorse and the surrounding area it tells the story of the intense relationship that develops between Tamsin and Mona two 15-year-old girls of different social classes. Mona narrates as a recollection for the entire novel though it is not clear how much time has passed since the events she is describing.
 The Professor was the first novel by Charlotte Brontë. It was originally written before Jane Eyre and rejected by many publishing houses but was eventually published posthumously in 1857 by approval of Arthur Bell Nicholls who accepted the task of reviewing and editing of the novel.
 Journal of the Acoustical Society of America (abbreviated J. Acoust. Soc. Am. or JASA) is a scientific journal in the field of acoustics published by the Acoustical Society of America. It contains technical articles on sound vibration speech and other topics.Access to articles is by subscription or purchase though most universities have access.
 Earthly Possessions is a 1977 novel by Anne Tyler.
 The International Journal of Stress Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the International Stress Management Association. The journal was established in 2003 and covers research on the assessment management and treatment of stress and trauma. The current editor-in-chief is Sharon Glazer (University of Maryland.)
 Beowulf and the Critics by J. R. R. Tolkien is a book edited by Michael D. C. Drout that presents scholary editions of the two manuscript versions of Tolkien's essays or lecture series Beowulf and the Critics which served as the basis for the much shorter 1936 lecture Beowulf: The Monsters and the Critics.Beowulf and the Critics was awarded the 2003 Mythopoeic Scholarship Award for Inklings Studies.
 Spirou et Fantasio (Spirou and Fantasio) is one of the most popular classic Franco-Belgian comics. The series which has been running since 1938 shares many characteristics with other European humorous adventure comics like The Adventures of Tintin and Asterix.
 One Across Two Down is a psychological suspense novel by British writer Ruth Rendell. it was first published in 1971. In 1976 it was made into the film Diary of the Dead by Arvin Brown written by I.C. Rapoport and starring Geraldine Fitzgerald and Hector Elizondo.
 Biographic is a weekly comics feature by award-winning cartoonist and illustrator Steve McGarry. Launched in 2005 the feature is syndicated by Universal Uclick and appears in such publications as New York Daily News Boston Herald Toronto Sun Hong Kong's Daily Young Post India's Mail Today Tokyo Mainichi Weekly Bangkok Post Student Weekly and South Africa's People Magazine.
 Buck is a memoir by MK Asante published by Random House/Spiegel & Grau. Buck tells the story of MK's youth growing up in Philadelphia from the perspective of MK as a teen.
 The Sorcerer's Ship is a fantasy novel by Hannes Bok. It was first published in the December 1942 issue of the magazine Unknown and was first published in book form in paperback by Ballantine Books as the ninth volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in December 1969. The Ballantine edition includes an introduction by Lin Carter. The novel has also been published in translation in Polish and Russian.
 The Adventures of Jo Zette and Jocko is a Franco-Belgian comics series created by Hergé the writer-artist best known for The Adventures of Tintin. The heroes of the series are two young children brother and sister Jo and Zette Legrand and their pet monkey Jocko.Jo Zette and Jocko appear on the rear covers of some The Adventures of Tintin comic books but never appear in the stories. A few Jo Zette and Jocko comics allude to characters or events in The Adventures of Tintin.
 Black Sexual Politics: African Americans Gender and the New Racism by Patricia Hill Collins is a work of critical theory that discusses the way that race class and gender intersect to affect the lives of African American men and women in many different ways but with similar results.
 Ping-Pong Club (行け!稲中卓球部 Ike! Inachū takkyū-bu lit. Go! Inahō Middle School Ping-Pong Club) is a Japanese manga by Minoru Furuya about the members of a middle school ping-pong club. It was adapted as an anime television series in 1995. In 1996 the manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for general manga. The anime series was released in the U.S. by Central Park Media. Some episodes were first released on VHS in 2001 but it was never fully released on VHS.
 A Dream Play (Swedish: Ett drömspel) was written in 1901 by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg. It was first performed in Stockholm on 17 April 1907. It remains one of Strindberg's most admired and influential dramas seen as an important precursor to both dramatic Expressionism and Surrealism.
 Dr Cook's Garden is a play by Ira Levin.
 Gridiron is a science fiction novel written by British author Philip Kerr. It is a story about a highly technical building (nicknamed The Gridiron) which becomes self-aware and tries to kill everyone inside confusing real life with a video game.
 The Journal of Biomedical Informatics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in health informatics or in translational bioinformatics. Articles are freely available 12 months after publication. Authors can pay extra for immediate open access at the time of publication. The journal was established by Homer R.
 Fudge-a-Mania is a 1990 children's novel by Judy Blume and the third in the Fudge series (fourth if Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great is counted as part of the series).
 Knuffle Bunny Too: A Case of Mistaken Identity is a children's picture book by Mo Willems. A sequel to Knuffle Bunny: A Cautionary Tale it was released on September 4 2007 and reached the number one spot on the New York Times Bestseller List for children's books.In the book a young girl named Trixie realizes that her classmate Sonja has the same type of Knuffle Bunny toy that she does.
 And Her Name Was Maud was a comic strip by Frederick Burr Opper. It first appeared in the Hearst newspapers on July 24 1904. After work as a magazine cartoonist Opper was hired by Hearst in 1899 to draw comic strips for the New York Journal launching Happy Hooligan Alphonse and Gaston and And Her Name Was Maud.
 The Literary Review of Canada (or LRC) is a Canadian magazine that publishes ten times a year. The magazine publishes essays and reviews of books on political cultural and social topics as well as Canadian poetry. In January 2008 the LRC started publishing reviews and essays online in its Online Originals feature.Readers of the magazine tend to be upper-middle class and highly educated.
 Acorna's World (2000) is a fantasy or science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough. It was the fourth in the Acorna Universe series initiated by McCaffrey and Margaret Ball in Acorna: The Unicorn Girl (1997). World was preceded by Acorna's People followed by Acorna's Search.
 Religion Inc. The Church of Scientology is a non-fiction book about Scientology and L. Ron Hubbard written by Stewart Lamont. The book was published in hardcover edition by Harrap in 1986.
 The Life of the World to Come (2004) is the fifth installment in the series of science fiction time travel novels by Kage Baker concerning the exploits of The Company.
 Stanley Yelnats' Survival Guide to Camp Green Lake is a 2003 novel for young adults by Louis Sachar first published by Yearling Books (Random House). It is the second in a series inaugurated in 1998 by the award-winning Holes.Survival Guide is a tongue-in-cheek handbook for newcomers to Camp Green Lake for a more pleasant trip than the one featured in Holes.The book features information on how to:Dig the perfect holeIdentify rattlesnakes tarantulas yellow-spotted lizards Mr.
 Battle Games in Middle-earth (BGiME) was a fortnightly magazine published by De Agostini in conjunction with British games manufacturer Games Workshop. Unlike White Dwarf which is dedicated to the three core systems of miniature wargaming produced by Games Workshop BGiME was exclusively about The Lord of the Rings Strategy Battle Game.According to the magazine itself as well as it was sold in Ireland the United Kingdom Australia New Zealand Malta and South Africa.
 Didier Chrispeels (born 26 February 1958) better known as Crisse is a Belgian comic-strip artist from Brussels.
 Västra Nyland is a regional Swedish-language newspaper in Finland. Its headquarters are located in Ekenäs. The name of the newspaper translates into The western part of the Nyland region (of Finland) this region also being the area where the newspaper is circulated. The newspaper is informally called Västis.Västra Nyland was founded in 1881 by Theodor Neovius and the first edition was published on 7 October the same year. Currently the newspaper has a circulation of about 11000.
 The New Market Wizards is a book by Jack D. Schwager published on January 26 1992 by HarperCollins.
 Thinks ... (2001) is a novel by British author David Lodge.
 Bead Friend (Japanese: ビーズ フレンド Hepburn: Bīzu Furendo) is a Japanese quarterly beadwork magazine published by Boutique Co. (ブティック社 Butikkusha) since 2003.
 The Turkish Journal of Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of biology. It was established in 1977 as Doğa: Turkish Journal of Biology before obtaining its current name in 1994. Since 2001 the journal is published in English earlier it also contained articles in Turkish. It is published by Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey and the editor-in-chief is Ekrem Gürel (Abant Izzet Baysal University).
 Star-Spangled War Stories was the title of a DC Comics comic book series that featured war-themed characters and stories. Among the features published in this series were writer-editor Robert Kanigher and artist Jerry Grandenetti's Mlle. Marie about a World War II French Resistance fighter debuting in #84 (Aug. 1959); The War that Time Forgot Enemy Ace and the Unknown Soldier.
 Naked Came the Manatee (ISBN 978-0399141928) is a mystery thriller parody novel published in 1996. It is composed of thirteen chapters each written by a different Miami-area writer. It was originally published as a serial in the Miami Herald's Tropic magazine one chapter per issue and later published as a single novel. Its title is a reference to the literary hoax Naked Came the Stranger. The book was conceived of and edited by Tom Shroder then editor of Tropic.
 Journal of Research in Crime and Delinquency is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Criminology. The journal's editor is Michael Maxfield (John Jay College). It has been in publication since 1964 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 King & King is a young children's book by Linda De Haan and Stern Nijland. It was originally written in Dutch (Koning en Koning) but later translated into English. In the United States it was published by Berkeley California-based Tricycle Press (the children's imprint of Ten Speed Press) in 2002; as of 2009 20000 copies have been sold in the United States. It has been published in at least eight languages and a theater stage version has been performed from Vienna to Mexico City.
 The Forbidden Garden is a science fiction novel by author John Taine (pseudonym of Eric Temple Bell). It was first published in 1947 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 3029 copies.
 Stranger in Paradise is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was written in the summer of 1973 for an anthology of original stories edited by Judy-Lynn del Rey but was rejected by her. It was also rejected by Ben Bova for Analog Science Fiction and Fact before being accepted for If magazine where it appeared in the May–June 1974 issue. The story was reprinted in the collections The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories (1976) and The Complete Robot (1982).
 The Land of Lost Content: the Biography of Anthony Chenevix-Trench is a biographical book about the life of British headmaster Anthony Chenevix-Trench written by Mark Peel. Chenevix-Trench had been a widely acclaimed teacher at Shrewsbury School and subsequently headmaster at Bradfield College Eton College and Fettes College but was later criticised for his approach to corporal punishment.
 The Finishing Stroke is a novel that was published in 1958 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel set primarily in the past immediately after the publication of Ellery Queen's first novel The Roman Hat Mystery.
 The Harmony Silk Factory (2005) is Tash Aw's critically acclaimed first novel set in 1940s British-ruled Malaya which is now called Malaysia. It was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize and won the Whitbread Book Awards for First Novel Award.
 The Philosophical Forum is a philosophy journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. It is currently edited by Douglas Lackey.
 The Great Victorian Collection published in 1975 is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore. Set in Carmel California it tells the story of a man who dreams that the empty parking lot he can see from his hotel window has been transformed by the arrival of a collection of priceless Victoriana on display in a vast open-air market.
 Fearsome Creatures of the Lumberwoods With a Few Desert and Mountain Beasts is a 1910 fantasy field guide by William Thomas Cox (1878–1961) Minnesota’s first State Forester and Commissioner of Conservation with illustrations by Coert du Bois (1881–1960; US Consul and forester) and Latin classifications by George Bishop Sudworth (1862–1927; Chief Dendrologist of the Forest Service.) The text is a noteworthy resource on folklore as a century after its initial publication Fearsome Creatures remains one of the principal sources on mythical animals of the United States and Canada.
 Death of a Gentle Lady is the twenty-fourth mystery novel in the Hamish Macbeth series by M. C. Beaton. It was first published in 2008.
 Hadashot (Hebrew: חדשות‎ lit. News) was a Hebrew-language daily newspaper published in Israel between 1984 and 1993.
 The Burlington Free Press is a daily newspaper based in Burlington Vermont in the United States. With a circulation of about 105995 daily and 109177 Sundays it is the largest daily newspaper in Vermont.The current editor of The Burlington Free Press is Mike Townsend.The newspaper employs 272 full-time employees in its Burlington headquarters. Most often international news is reprinted stories supplied by the Associated Press and Reuters news services.
 e-Dyario is the first Spanish digital newspaper based in the Philippines established in Manila on 2010 and made by Filipino journalists. e-Dyario occurs within the international cooperation project of Ventura de los Reyes. An initiative supported by the Government of Spain through the Spanish Agency for International Cooperation for Development (AECID) and developed by Kapatiran Sandugo Foundation with the support and assistance of the Association Press of Cadiz.
 Sodom and Gomorrah (French title: Sodome et Gomorrhe) is a play by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux (1882–1944). Composed as a tragedy set in the Biblical city of Sodom the play was first published in 1943.
 Voices From The Street is an early realist non-science fiction novel by science fiction author Philip K. Dick written in the early 1950s. Unpublished at the time it was released on January 23 2007 by Tor Books for the first time.As with many of his early books which were considered unsuitable for publication when they were first submitted as manuscripts this was not science fiction but rather literary fiction. The original manuscript was 547 pages in length.
 Everything Is Miscellaneous: The Power of the New Digital Disorder is a book by David Weinberger published in 2007 (ISBN 0805080430). The book's central premise is that there is no universally acceptable way of classifying information. Starting with the story of the Dewey Decimal Classification Weinberger demonstrates that all attempts to classify inherently reflect the biases of the person defining the classification system.
 The Suburban is the largest English language weekly newspaper in the province of Quebec.It is a community newspaper based in Montreal which publishes three geographically based editions containing some shared and some location-specific content to populations in Montreal's West Island East End and inner suburbs as well Laval—the adjacent island just north of Montreal which is Quebec's third-largest city.
 Nurse Angel Ririka SOS (ナースエンジェルりりかSOS Nāsuenjeru Ririka Esuōesu) is a magical girl series. The manga was written by novelist Yasushi Akimoto and illustrated by Koi Ikeno and ran in Ribon Magazine. The anime based on it ran in the summer of 1995 and has 35 episodes and is renowned director Daichi Akitaro's debut as a series director.
 Davy and the Goblin or What Followed Reading Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a novel by Charles E. Carryl written in 1884 and published by Houghton Mifflin of Boston and Frederick Warne of London in 1885. It was one of the first imitations inspired by Lewis Carroll's two books Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass.
 Khutbat-e-Madras were lecture presented by Sulaiman Nadvi to the student and Muslims. Later these lectures were published in hard book. These were 8 lectures. Venue of the lectures was Lolly Hall Madras. Topic was Life of Mohammad enlighten the different aspect of Life of Mohammad.
 The Prometheus Deception is a spy fiction thriller novel written in 2000 by Robert Ludlum about an agent in an ultraclandestine agency known only as the Directorate named Nick Bryson alias Jonas Barett alias Jonathan Coleridge alias The Technician who is thrown into a fight between an organization he knows as Prometheus and his former employers at the Directorate.Like other Ludlum novels The Prometheus Deception conveys Ludlum's concern about the accumulation of power by individuals or organizations. 
 The Schweizer Eisenbahn-Revue (SER) (English: Swiss Railway Review) is a Swiss trade journal for the rail transport industry.Appearing monthly since 1978 the SER is written by correspondents (some writing anonymously) in rail transport companies in the industry and in government. Each issue consists of four parts: reports from Switzerland reports from other European countries international reports and a number of articles covering current topics on one or two pages each.
 Kengtung Yazawin (Burmese: ကျိုင်းတုံ ရာဇဝင် lit. Chronicle of Kengtung) is a 19th century Burmese chronicle that covers the history of the Shan state of Kengtung. It has been translated into English as the Padaeng Chronicle and the Jengtung State Chronicle by Sao Saimong Mangrai.
 Look to Windward is a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks first published in 2000. It is Banks' sixth published novel to feature the Culture. The book's dedication reads: For the Gulf War Veterans.
 Boy Kills Man is 2004 novel by British novelist Matt Whyman about child assassins in Medellin Colombia.
 The Truman State University Index is a weekly student newspaper distributed at Truman State University and throughout the Kirksville Missouri community. The publication is entirely student-run and funded mostly through its own advertising revenue. It has published continuously since 1909 and its current circulation is about 4500.The Index publishes about 14 issues per academic term for a total of 28 per year on Thursdays and does not publish when classes are not in session.
 One Outs (ワンナウツ Wannautsu) is a Japanese baseball manga series by Shinobu Kaitani originally serialized in the seinen manga magazine Business Jump from 1998 to 2006. It was relaunched in Business Jump on October 1 2008. An anime adaptation by Madhouse began airing on October 7 2008.
 All That You Love Will Be Carried Away is a short story by Stephen King. It was originally published in the January 29 2001 issue of The New Yorker magazine. In 2002 it was collected in King's collection Everything's Eventual.
 Teddy and the Yeti is an American comic book series created by Jeff McClelland and Duane Readhead. Published by Wagon Wheel Comics the serialized story features a robot and a yeti who defend the earth from external threats. The first issue of the ongoing series was released on December 30 2009 as part of Indy Comic Book Week. The concept of the book was developed because McClelland liked the rhyming title.
 Warbreaker is a stand-alone fantasy novel written by American author Brandon Sanderson. It was first published in June 2009 by Tor Books.Sanderson released several rewrites of Warbreaker under a Creative Commons license one chapter at a time. The entire novel including older drafts is available in digital format from Sanderson's website. Warbreaker has been well received by reviewers.
 The Return of the King is the third and final volume of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings following The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers. The story begins in the kingdom of Gondor which is soon to be attacked by the Dark Lord Sauron.
 On Social Freedom: or the Necessary Limits of Individual Freedom Arising Out of the Conditions of Our Social Life is an essay regarding individual and societal freedom written by British philosopher John Stuart Mill. For some thirty odd years after his death the essay was among other possessions left in the home at which Mill died in Avignon France. It was not until June 1907 that this essay was released to the public.
 The Poverty of Historicism is a book by twentieth century philosopher Karl Popper which seeks to persuade the reader of both the danger and the bankruptcy of the idea of historicism.
 The Little Black Bag is a short story by science fiction author Cyril M. Kornbluth first published in the July 1950 edition of Astounding Science Fiction. It is a prequel of sorts to the story The Marching Morons. It won the 2001 Retroactive Hugo Award for Best Novelette (of 1951) and was also recognized as the 13th best all-time short science fiction story in a 1971 Analog Science Fact & Fiction poll tied with Microcosmic God by Theodore Sturgeon.
 Bullet for One is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in the July 1948 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Curtains for Three published by the Viking Press in 1951.
 The House of Morgan: An American Banking Dynasty and the Rise of Modern Finance is a non-fiction book by Ron Chernow published in 1990. It traces the history of four generations of the J.P.
 Killing Floor is the debut novel by Lee Child first published in 1997 by Putnam. The book won the Anthony Award and Barry Award for best first novel. It also is the first book to feature the character Jack Reacher.
 Sohryuden: Legend of the Dragon Kings (創竜伝 Sōryūden) is a set of novels based loosely on Chinese mythology.It was written by Yoshiki Tanaka in collaboration with Japanese illustrator Yoshitaka Amano (Kodansha Novels edition) and manga artist group Clamp (Kodansha bunkobon). It is written with a humorous and satirical tone.
 Freckle Juice (ISBN 0-440-42813-0) is a 1971 children's book by Judy Blume. This short story is about Andrew Marcus a second grade student who wants to look like Nicky Lane.
 Mob Candy is an American magazine purportedly celebrating the Mafia lifestyle including mafia news contract killing robbery cocktails cars cigars men's fashions women and issues affecting the Italian American community (primarily in the context of law-enforcement). The magazine is subtitled The Underworld Magazine of Mafia Politics Pleasures and Power. Its target demographic is males aged 18 to 35 years.
 Father and Son (German: Vater und Sohn) are cartoon figures created by E. O. Plauen. The wordless cartoon depicts a plump balding father and his son grappling with various everyday situations. The cartoon was a weekly feature in the Berliner Illustrirte Zeitung from 1934 to 1937.
 Great Food All Day Long: Cook Splendidly Eat Smart (2010) is Maya Angelou's second cookbook. A follow-up to and like Hallelujah! The Welcome Table (2004) Great Food combines autobiographical sketches and recipes about how Angelou lost weight by eating smaller portions of satisfying meals. Her focus in this book is weight loss through portion control and flavor.
 Let the Sunshine is a 2010 play by David Williamson.
 The Buffalo Center Tribune is a weekly newspaper published in Buffalo Center Iowa in the United States. It is the official newspaper for the communities of Buffalo Center Lakota Rake and Thompson Iowa.
 The Heathen's Guide to World Religions is a book by Kingston Ontario-based William Hopper. It is a humorous look at the history of the Jewish Christian Islamic Buddhist and Hindu faiths.The book was written in 1997 and self-published by Hopper that same year. After attracting the attention of publishers it was re-released in 2001 by StoneFox Publishing. After StoneFox went defunct in 2003 the rights to the book reverted to the author.
 When Pele Broke Our Hearts is a 1998 book by Mario Risoli recounting the Welsh national football team's 1958 World Cup campaign. Much of the story is from the perspective of players but also many other sources were used such as newspaper articles. This was then all collated together so as to sculpt the story. Its full title is When Pele Broke Our Hearts : Wales & the 1958 World CupA total of 17 players were interviewed.
 Downstown was an American comic strip created by Tim Downs in the spring of 1974 during his junior year of college at Indiana University. It began as a college feature. In the strip Josh and John were college roommates sharing an off-campus apartment Fred was a student who directed registration and worked at a local restaurant and Chuck Laylo was an exceptionally smooth and cool fraternity man—a member of the imaginary Sigma Theta fraternity.
 Out Front Colorado is a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender newspaper in the Denver metropolitan area. Out Front Colorado was founded by Phil Price with its first issue hitting the stands on April 2 1976. Out Front Colorado is now the second oldest independent LGBT (Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender) publication in the United States
 Kanojo wa Uso o Aishisugiteru (カノジョは嘘を愛しすぎてる) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kotomi Aoki. It was adapted into a live action film in 2013. The manga has over three million copies in circulation.
 For the Term of His Natural Life written by Marcus Clarke was published in the Australian Journal between 1870 and 1872 (as His Natural Life) appearing as a novel in 1874. It is the best known novelisation of life as a convict in early Australian history. Described as a ripping yarn and at times relying on seemingly implausible coincidences the story follows the fortunes of Rufus Dawes a young man transported for a murder that he did not commit.
 Shonen Jump officially stylized SHONEN JUMP and abbreviated SJ is a shōnen manga anthology published in North America by Viz Media. It debuted in November 2002 with the first issue having a January 2003 cover date. Based on Shueisha's popular Japanese magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump Shonen Jump is retooled for English readers and the American audience including changing it from a weekly publication to a monthly one.
 Wayves (ISSN 1713-1057) is a Canadian magazine published 11 times yearly in Halifax Nova Scotia for the lesbian gay bisexual and transgender communities in Atlantic Canada.The magazine is published by a non-profit organization. It was first published in 1983 as a local community newsletter under the name Gaezette and has been in regular monthly production since 1988. The magazine adopted its current name in 1995.
 Internet Journal is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 The Bucks Free Press is a weekly local newspaper published every Friday and covering the area surrounding High Wycombe Buckinghamshire England. It was first published on 19 December 1856. Despite its title it covers local news for the High Wycombe region only.The paper covers local news features leisure and sport.
 Wolves of the Calla is the fifth book in Stephen King's The Dark Tower series. This book continues the story of Roland Deschain Eddie Dean Susannah Dean Jake Chambers and Oy as they make their way toward the Dark Tower. The subtitle of this novel is Resistance.
 The Stoic is a novel by Theodore Dreiser first published in 1947. It is the conclusion to A Trilogy of Desire his series of novels about Frank Cowperwood a businessman based on the real-life streetcar tycoon Charles Yerkes. Dreiser completed The Stoic only days before his death in 1945 and the book was published posthumously.
 Eight Tales is a collection of stories by author Walter de la Mare. It was released in 1971 and was the author's first collection of stories published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 2992 copies. The stories were all written under de la Mare's pseudonym Walter Ramal and had not appeared previously in book form.
 Julie's Wolf Pack is a 1997 novel written by Jean Craighead George. It is the second sequel to the Newbery Medal winner Julie of the Wolves after Julie and the last in the Julie trilogy.Like Julie of the Wolves and Julie the book is split into three parts: Kapu the Alpha Ice Blink the Stranger and Sweet Fur Amy the New Alpha. It deals with Kapu the black wolf leading his pack (called the Avaliks) and then his daughter Sweet Fur Amy taking over with her mate Storm Call.
 Rodina (Russian: Родина Motherland) is a Russian illustrated popular science historical magazine headquartered in Moscow Russia. It was established in January 1989 as a continuation of the magazine with the same name established in the Russian Empire in 1879.
 Copper Sun is a 2006 young adult novel by Coretta Scott King Award-winning author Sharon Draper. It was a National Book Award Finalist.
 The World Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs & Prehistoric Creatures is an encyclopedia featuring 1000 of the prehistoric tetrapods from the late Devonian to the Pleistocene. It was published in 2007 by Lorenz Books and by Dougal Dixon.
 Inside the Whale and Other Essays is a book of essays written by George Orwell in 1940. It includes the eponymous essay Inside the Whale.
 The Kite Runner is the first novel by Afghan-American author Khaled Hosseini. Published in 2003 by Riverhead Books it tells the story of Amir a young boy from the Wazir Akbar Khan district of Kabul whose closest friend is Hassan his father's young Hazara servant.
 The Republic of Thieves is the third novel in Scott Lynch's Gentleman Bastard series. It details the continuing adventures of Locke Lamora and Jean Tannen as well as Sabetha Locke's previously absent love interest. The Republic of Thieves was released on October 8 in the US and October 10th in the UK & Commonwealth. It is published by Random House and Orion.
 The Tain is a fantasy novella by British author China Miéville.
 The Bride Wore Black is a 1940 American novel written by Cornell Woolrich. In 1967 it was adapted into a film of the same name by French film director François Truffaut.The novel opens with a quote by Guy de Maupassant: For to kill is the great law set by nature in the heart of existence! There is nothing more beautiful and honorable than killing!
 The Assassini is a 1990 thriller novel by American author Thomas Gifford published by Bantam Books.
 Millie the Model was Marvel Comics' longest-running humor title first published by the company's 1940s predecessor Timely Comics and continuing through its 1950s forerunner Atlas Comics to 1970s Marvel.
 Midnight Lamp first published in 2003 is the third of a series of five books written by Gwyneth Jones and set in a near-future version of the United Kingdom. It was nominated for both the 2003 BSFA and the 2004 Arthur C. Clarke Awards.
 Arabian Nights and Days is a novel by Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature. The novel serves as a sequel and companion piece for One Thousand and One Nights and includes many of the same characters that appeared in the original work such as Shahryar Scheherazade and Aladdin.
 Islamic Voice is a monthly Islamic magazine published in Bangalore. It is the largest English-language Muslim publication in India. It is a comprehensive magazine places an emphasis on social issues and strives to have a broad appeal.
 The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens is a 1953 collection of stories by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp the fifth book in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It was first published in hardcover by Twayne Publishers and in paperback by Signet Books in 1971 with a cover by illustrator Bob Pepper. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
 Blood and Roses: One family's struggle and triumph during the tumultuous Wars of the Roses by Helen Castor is a narrative based on the Paston letters of 15th century England. The book traces five generations of the Pastons an influential family from the Norfolk village of the same name. Based largely on an extensive collection of correspondence Blood and Roses records the competition among the landed gentry for land property and advancement.
 Mistral's Kiss is the fifth novel in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton and was released December 12 2006.
 Conan the Destroyer is a fantasy novel written by Robert Jordan featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian a novelization of the feature film of the same name. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in 1984.
 Inferno is the sixth book in the Legacy of the Force series. It is a paperback by Troy Denning and was released on August 28 2007.
 Conviction is a novel published in 2004 by Richard North Patterson. The novel centers on the debate surrounding capital punishment.
 The Blue Sword is a fantasy novel written by Robin McKinley and published by Greenwillow Books in 1982. The novel The Hero and the Crown serves as a prequel. The Blue Sword has received numerous awards including: Newbery Honor Award ALA Best Book for Young Adults and the ALA Notable Children's Book. The story told in the third-person omniscient perspective is of a young woman named Angharad Crewe called Harry who becomes a warrior in her adopted homeland of Damar.
 Fourteen is a play by Alice Gerstenberg. This one act play was originally published in the February issue of Drama magazine 1920. It is now a public domain work and may be performed without royalties.
 The Seeing Stone or Arthur: The Seeing Stone is a historical novel for children or young adults written by Kevin Crossley-Holland and published by Orion in 2000 the first book of the so-called Arthur trilogy (2000 to 2003). Set primarily in the March of Wales during A.D. 1199 and 1200 it features a young boy named Arthur de Caldicot who observes a secondary story in the Seeing Stone the early life of legendary King Arthur.
 Billy the Bee was a UK newspaper comic strip created by the cartoonist Harry Smith. It ran in the 1950s in The Evening Standard newspaper.
 The Willows is one of Algernon Blackwood's best known short stories. American horror author H.P. Lovecraft considered it to be the finest supernatural tale in English literature. The Willows is an example of early modern horror and is connected within the literary tradition of weird fiction.
 Truth in Translation is a stage play conceived and directed by Michael Lessac with music by Hugh Masekela. It tells the story of the interpreters at South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission. The play was written in a collaboration between the interpreters who worked at the TRC writer Paavo Tom Tammi and the company of South African actors.
 Pioneers of American Freedom: Origin of Liberal and Radical Thought in America is a book by the German anarcho-syndicalist Rudolf Rocker about the history of liberal libertarian and anarchist thought in the United States.Rudolf Rocker who had been strongly influenced by Benjamin Tucker started work on Pioneers of American Freedom during World War II. Professor Arthur E. Briggs started translating the book into English from Rocker's native German in 1941.
 Mirror Dance is a Hugo- and Locus-award-winning science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold. Part of the Vorkosigan Saga it was first published by Baen Books in March 1994 and is included in the 2002 omnibus Miles Errant.
 Description of a Struggle is a collection of short stories and story fragments by Franz Kafka. First published in 1936 after Kafka's death by Max Brod they were translated by Tania and James Stern and were published in 1958 by Schocken Books.
 The Reploids is an uncollected short story by Stephen King. It was published in the 1988 book Dark Visions.
 Because the Night is a crime fiction novel written by James Ellroy.Released in 1984 it is the second installment of a trilogy often titled Lloyd Hopkins Trilogy after its main character or L.A Noir after the hard-book copy that was released containing all three books in the trilogy. Like Blood on the Moon (first book) and Suicide Hill (third and final book) it follows Lloyd Hopkins.
 Blood Follows is a novella by Steven Erikson set in the world of the Malazan Book of the Fallen. The events of this book take place prior to those in the main series and do not necessarily concern the main story plot line. Originally published only in Europe by PS Publishing in 2002 the hard cover version had a run of only 300 copies while the first and second edition paperback versions each had 500 copies printed. All of the first editions were signed by the author.
 The Advertiser News is a weekly broadsheet newspaper published in Spring Hill Tennessee. The paper is published every Wednesday.Jeff Bryant founded the Advertiser News and published the first issue in October 2003 with the help of his wife Karen Bryant and sales specialist David Hancock. The Advertiser News was sold to Stephens Media in 2005. Stephens Media is based in Las Vegas Nevada.
 Fūma no Kojirō (風魔の小次郎 lit. Kojirō of the Fūma) is a manga series by Japanese author Masami Kurumada later adapted to anime. It tells the story of sword legends and rivalry between ninja clans. The main character Kojirō is a young boy who is a member of the Fūma clan.
 Fray is an eight-issue comic book limited series a futuristic spin-off of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Written by Buffy creator Joss Whedon the series follows a Slayer named Melaka Fray a chosen one in a time where vampires (called lurks) are returning to the slums of New York City and the rich-poor divide is even greater.
 La Quarantaine is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio .
 Magic Witchcraft and the Otherworld: An Anthropology is an anthropological study of contemporary Pagan and ceremonial magic groups that practiced magic in London England during the 1990s.
 March to the Stars is the third novel in the science fiction series of the Empire of Man by David Weber and John Ringo. It tells the story of Prince Roger MacClintock and his remaining bodyguards of the Empress' Own Regiment who get marooned on the alien planet of Marduk due to an act of sabotage on their ship and must continue fighting their way towards the planetary space port in order to get back home to Earth. The book appeared on the New York Times best seller list.
 The Ragged Edge of Science is a science book by L. Sprague de Camp illustrated by Don Simpson. It was first published by Owlswick Press in 1980.The book is a collection of twenty-two articles (two of them book reviews) on various curiosities and wonders exploring the boundaries between science and pseudo-science.
 Sperm Wars is a nonfiction book by evolutionary biologist Robin Baker. Originally published in English in 1996 it has since appeared in 26 languages and in 2006 a 10th anniversary edition was published in the United States. Through a series of short stories and discussion following them Baker proposes evolutionary functions for sexual habits mostly on the principle of competition between sperm of different men for a prized egg.
 The Barnum Museum is a 1990 collection of fantasy themed short stories by Steven Millhauser perhaps most notable for its closing story 'Eisenheim the Illusionist' which was filmed in 2006 as The Illusionist.
 The Fruits of Fascism: Postwar Prosperity in Historical Perspective is a 1990 book by a professor of International Affairs Simon Reich.It describes the difference in the economic success of nations in post World War II Europe.
 Monster & Treasure Assortment is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Zenki (鬼神童子ZENKI Kishin Dōji Zenki lit. Demon Child Zenki) is a Japanese manga series written by Kikuhide Tani and illustrated by Yoshihiro Kuroiwa. It was serealized in the Shueisha publication Monthly Shōnen Jump from 1992 to 1996. Zenki was adapted into a fifty-one episode anime television series in 1995 by Studio Deen and also spawned five video games. Enoki Films handles the English language version of the anime.
 Vanity of Duluoz (full title Vanity of Duluoz: An Adventurous Education 1935-46) is a 1968 semi-autobiographical novel by Jack Kerouac (ISBN 0-14-023639-2). The book describes the adventures of Kerouac's alter ego Jack Duluoz covering the period of his life between 1935 and 1946. The book includes reminiscences of the author's high school experiences in Lowell Massachusetts his education at Columbia University and his subsequent naval service during World War II.
 Neuropsychopharmacology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group. It has been the official publication of the American College of Neuropsychopharmacology since 1987. The journal covers topics in neuropsychopharmacology including clinical and basic science research into the brain and behavior the properties of agents acting within the central nervous system and drug targeting and development.
 Taltos is the fourth book in Steven Brust's Vlad Taltos series set in the fantasy world of Dragaera. Originally published in 1988 by Ace Books it was reprinted in 2002 along with Phoenix as part of the omnibus The Book of Taltos. It does not follow the trend of being named after one of the Great Houses of the Dragaeran Empire and instead takes its title from its protagonist.
 Nano Letters is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society. It was established in January 2001. The two editors-in-chief are A. Paul Alivisatos (University of California Berkeley) and Charles M. Lieber (Harvard University).
 Social Philosophy Today is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary series established in 1988 by Yeager Hudson and Creighton Peden. It is published on behalf of the North American Society for Social Philosophy by the Philosophy Documentation Center. Each volume contains papers originally presented at the society's annual International Social Philosophy Conference.
 The Empire Strikes Out: How Baseball Sold U.S. Foreign Policy and Promoted the American Way Abroad is a 2010 book written by Robert Elias that examines baseball as part of American politics and foreign policy. Elias is the author of several books dealing with politics to include Baseball and the American Dream which in a similar manner to the The Empire Strikes Out examines the game of baseball through a political lens.
 Siraj al-Tawarikh (Persian: سراج التواريخ‏‏) also spelled as Siraj al-Tavarikh Sirāj al-Tawārīkh and Sirāj al-Tavārīkh is a book on the 18th and 19th century Afghan History by Faiz Mohammad Katib Hazara. The author was a historian in Emir's court. The book has three editions two published and one unpublished.
 Peter and Alice is a play by American writer John Logan based on the meeting of 80-year-old Alice Liddell Hargreaves and Peter Llewelyn Davies then in his thirties in a London bookshop in 1932 at the opening of a Lewis Carroll exhibition. The production was directed by Michael Grandage and was performed by Judi Dench as Alice and Ben Whishaw as Peter.
 This Book Is Broken is a book written by Eye Weekly editor Stuart Berman about the Toronto indie rock band Broken Social Scene from its inception to its critical acclaim.
 The Dungeon Master's Guide II is a book of rules for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons seminal fantasy role-playing game.
 The Carcoar Chronicle was a weekly newspaper published from 1863 to 1943 in Carcoar New South Wales Australia. It was also published as the Carcoar Chronicle and Blayney and Cowra Gazette Carcoar Chronicle and Mandurama Lyndhurst Galley Swamp Garland Burnt Yards Neville Flyers's Creek Forest Reefs Woodstock and Blayney Herald and Carcoar Chronicle and Agricultural and Mining Journal.
 World War II Radio Heroes: Letters of Compassion is a book by psychologist Lisa Spahr co-authored with Austin Camacho that recounts her personal investigation of the activities of shortwave radio listeners who notified families of captured U.S. military personnel of their status as prisoners of war during World War II.
 The Mind's Eye (Det grovmaskiga nätet) is a 1993 novel by Håkan Nesser in the Van Veeteren series translated into English in 2008 by Laurie Thompson. Nesser was awarded the 1993 Swedish Crime Writers' Academy Prize for new authors for this novel.A TV series based on the novel was produced in 2000 see The Mind's Eye (TV series).
 Domicilium Decoratus: Hillcrest Estate Beverly Hills California is a 2006 book on interior design by noted designer Kelly Wearstler featuring her own home in Beverly Hills California as the subject of the book.
 The Temptation of Eileen Hughes published in 1981 is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore. It portrays a quiet young shop assistant from Northern Ireland and her relationship with her rich employers Bernard and Mona McAuley who take her on a trip to London.The New York Times while appreciating the qualities of Moore's earlier novels was critical of this one for being so sketchy anemic and hurried that one is led to wonder what has gone amiss.
 Three Men on the Bummel (also known as Three Men on Wheels) is a humorous novel by Jerome K. Jerome. It was published in 1900 eleven years after his most famous work Three Men in a Boat (To Say Nothing of the Dog).The sequel brings back the three companions who figured in Three Men in a Boat this time on a bicycle tour through the German Black Forest. D. C.
 I Ought to Be in Pictures is a comedy-drama play by Neil Simon his 18th.
 Paradise News (1991) is a novel by British author David Lodge. The novel is both intellectual and accessible and as the title suggests explores the notion of paradise on earth and indeed in heaven.
 ici was an alternative weekly French language magazine distributed in print in Montreal Quebec and online through the Canoe.ca network from 1997 to 2009.It had an audience of 89000 readers a week. On April 29 2009 Quebecor Media announced that it would cease publication of the newspaper with the last issue being published on April 30 The newspaper will live on as ici Week-end a weekly insert in 24H and on its website.
 Eliza is an American fashion magazine founded in 2007 by Summer Bellessa who was a Ford Model at that time. The publication is headquartered in Los Angeles California and began with a circulation (based on its print run) of 10000 in 2007. The publishing schedule is now irregular and the magazine is only available digitally and by print-on-demand via HP MagCloud. The magazine's name is a reference to Audrey Hepburn's performance as Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady.
 The Conan Grimoire is a 1972 collection of essays poetry and fiction edited by L. Sprague de Camp and George H. Scithers published in hardcover by Mirage Press. The essays were originally published as articles in Scithers' fanzine Amra. The book is a companion to Mirage’s previous two volumes of material from Amra The Conan Reader (1968) and The Conan Swordbook (1969).
 Dry Valley (Russian: Суходол pronounced: Sukhodo′l) is a short novel by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin first published in the April 1912 issue of the Saint Petersburg Vestnik Evropy magazine. Having come out soon after The Village (1910) it is usually linked to the latter as the author's second major book concerning the bleak state of Russia as a whole and its rural community in particular.
 Swimming World Magazine is an American-based monthly swimming magazine that was first published in a magazine format as Junior Swimmer in January 1960. It runs an online swimming website (known as SwimInfo prior to 2006).In its earliest form Junior Swimmer began as a mimeograph/newsletter published by Peter Daland in the summer of 1952.
 Revenge of the Damned is the fifth book in Chris Bunch and Allan Cole's The Sten Adventures.
 Decline and Fall of the Freudian Empire is a 1985 book about Sigmund Freud and psychoanalysis by psychologist Hans Eysenck.
 Tartarin of Tarascon (French: Tartarin de Tarascon) is an 1872 novel written by the French author Alphonse Daudet.
 Flight from Nevèrÿon is a collection of sword and sorcery stories by Samuel R. Delany. It is the third of the four-volume Return to Nevèrÿon series. This article discusses the three stories collected in the book. Discussions of overall plot setting characters themes structure and style of the series are found in the main series article.
 Put the Book Back on the Shelf: A Belle & Sebastian Anthology is an anthology comic book published by Image Comics. The book features 24 comics by various writers and artists based on songs by the Scottish indie pop band Belle & Sebastian. It was released on March 8 2006.The title of the book comes from a track on the EP 3.. 6.. 9 Seconds of Light.
 The Ashland Daily Tidings is a morning newspaper serving the city of Ashland Oregon United States. Like its sister publication the Medford-based Mail Tribune it is part of the Local Media Group chain.The Daily Tidings is distributed Monday through Saturday mornings (Saturday afternoon publication was changed under Editor Andrew Scot Bolsinger in 2004; Circulation Director Ed Rose changed the Daily Tidings from afternoon production to morning in December 2010).
 Theoretical Chemistry Accounts: Theory Computation and Modeling is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles in theoretical chemistry quantum chemistry and computational chemistry. It was founded in 1962 as Theoretica Chimica Acta. The publisher is Springer Berlin Heidelberg. The impact factor of this journal is 2.903 (2010). The editor-in-chief is Christopher J.
 Here on Earth is a 1997 novel by Alice Hoffman. The book was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection.The plot of Here on Earth involves a woman named March Murray who returns with her teenage daughter to the Massachusetts town where she grew up. The story and characters are inspired by the 1847 Emily Brontë novel Wuthering Heights. After returning to the town that she grew up in March finds herself reunited the boy she fell in love with years before Hollis.
 cMurderous Maths is a series of British educational books by author Kjartan Poskitt. Most of the books in the series are illustrated by illustrator and author Philip Reeve with the exception of The 5ecret L1fe of Code5 which is illustrated by Ian Baker The Essential Arithmetricks: How to + - × ÷ illustrated by Daniel Postgate and Rob Davis and The Murderous Maths of Everything also illustrated by Rob Davis. The Murderous Maths books have been published in over 25 countries.
 The Modern Antiquarian: A Pre-Millennial Odyssey Through Megalithic Britain is a book written by Julian Cope published in 1998. It explores a number of sites of Britain's megalithic heritage including Stonehenge and Avebury. As well as stone circles The Modern Antiquarian includes other megalithic monuments hill forts barrows and unusual places. In the introduction Cope explains how a visit to Avebury Stone Circle inspired his enthusiasm for the subject.
 An Encounter is a short story by James Joyce. It is second in a collection of Joyce's short stories called Dubliners.
 Theoria: A Swedish Journal of Philosophy and Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing research in all areas of philosophy established in 1935 by Åke Petzäll (sv). It is published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Stiftelsen Theoria. The current editor-in-chief is Sven Ove Hansson. Theoria publishes articles reviews and shorter notes and discussions.
 Humiliated and Insulted (Russian: Униженные и оскорблённые Unizhennye i oskorblyonye) — also known in English as The Insulted and Humiliated The Insulted and the Injured or Injury and Insult — is a novel by Fyodor Dostoyevsky first published in 1861 in the monthly magazine Vremya.
 Ateş hırsızı (Fire thief in Turkish) was a Turkish anarchist magazine. It was published from 1992 to 1999. Extracts from the magazine were published in a 2011 book Ateş Hırsızı Dergisi Seçkisi.
 The Race a political thriller written by Richard North Patterson. It is set during the 2008 presidential election and revolves around fictional Ohioan Senator Corey Grace and his quest to become the Republican nominee for President of the United States. The Race is found in over 1500 libraries according to WorldCat.Main Characters:Corey Grace:Senator from OhioRepublicanWas a fighter pilot in the beginning of the book. He became a POW and was later awarded the purple heart.
 How to be a Complete Bastard is a 1986 book by Adrian Edmondson Mark Leigh and Mike Lepine. ISBN 0-86369-182-X ISBN 978-0863691829 The book was a spin-off from Adrian Edmondson's character Vyvyan in The Young Ones and contained a selection of ways to be a complete bastard to those around you. Some examples are: How to be a Bastard Student: Join the Free Nelson Mandela Society and demand your free Nelson Mandela.
 The World Museum was a full-page illustrated feature in American Sunday newspapers during the 1930s. Devised and drawn by Holling Clancy Holling it was also known as The World Museum Dioramas.Holling (1900–1973) graduated from the Art Institute of Chicago in 1923 joined the taxidermy department of Chicago's Field Museum of Natural History and worked in anthropology under Dr. Ralph Linton.
 Mani: Travels in the Southern Peloponnese is a travel book by English author Patrick Leigh Fermor published in 1958. It covers his journey with wife Joan and friend Xan Fielding around the Mani peninsula in southern Greece.
 The New American Diet (Rodale 2009) is the first diet book to investigate the effects of obesogens on our bodies and to propose a prescriptive diet plan to reverse what they call The Obesogen Effect. Author Stephen Perrine (editor of Children's Health editor-at-large of Men's Health and former editor-in-chief of Best Life) and co-author Heather Hurlock (former health editor of Best Life) research and discuss the link between obesogens and the American obesity crisis as well as increases in rates of diabetes depression heart disease declining birth rates and sperm counts and autism.The New American Diet describes obesogens as natural and artificial endocrine-disrupting chemicals found in the American food and water supply. 
 Georgia Today is a weekly English language newspaper published in Georgia.
 The Clash of Civilizations is a theory that people's cultural and religious identities will be the primary source of conflict in the post-Cold War world. It was proposed by political scientist Samuel P. Huntington in a 1992 lecture at the American Enterprise Institute which was then developed in a 1993 Foreign Affairs article titled The Clash of Civilizations? in response to his former student Francis Fukuyama's 1992 book The End of History and the Last Man.
 Les Échos is the first daily French financial newspaper edited in Paris. It was created in 1908 by the brothers Robert and Émile Servan-Schreiber and became a daily newspaper in 1928. The newspaper was bought by the British media group Pearson PLC in 1988 and sold in 2007 to the French luxury goods conglomerate LVMH.It has a web site and several blogs. In 2004 the newspaper won the EPICA award.
 American Short Fiction is a nationally-circulated literary magazine based in Austin Texas. Issued tri-annually American Short Fiction publishes short fiction novel excerpts and an occasional novella and strives to publish work by both established and emerging contemporary authors.
 Prime Evil is an anthology of horror short stories edited by Douglas E. Winter. It was first published in 1988 by New American Library. With the exception of the Dennis Etchison story The Blood Kiss the stories are original to this anthology.
 Little Joe was a Western comic strip created in the early 1930s by Ed Leffingwell and later continued by his brother Robert Leffingwell. Distributed by the Chicago Tribune Syndicate this Sunday strip had a long run spanning four decades. It was never a daily strip. Ed Leffingwell's cousin was Harold Gray and he began in comics as Gray's assistant on Little Orphan Annie which explains why the artwork on Little Joe curiously resembled Little Orphan Annie.
 Azincourt is an historical novel written by Bernard Cornwell. The book relates the events leading to the Battle of Agincourt through its protagonist Nicholas Hook. In the United States it was published under the title Agincourt.
 Health Affairs is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal established in 1981 by John K. Iglehart; since 2007 the editor-in-chief is Susan Dentzer. It was described by The Washington Post as the bible of health policy.
 The International Journal of Medical Sciences is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Ivyspring International Publisher covering research in basic medical sciences. Articles include original research papers reviews and short research communications. Full text of published articles is archived in PubMed Central. The current editor-in-chief is Dennis D. Taub (National Institute on Aging).
 The Thousand Mile Summer in desert and high sierra by Colin Fletcher is the author's chronicle of his 1958 hike along the entire eastern edge of California. Fletcher writes of traveling on foot along the Colorado River though Death Valley and the High Sierra. The book was first published in 1964.
 Erskine May: Parliamentary Practice (full title: Erskine May's Treatise on the Law Privileges Proceedings and Usage of Parliament; original title: A Treatise upon the Law Privileges Proceedings and Usage of Parliament) is a parliamentary authority originally written by British constitutional theorist and Clerk of the House of Commons Thomas Erskine May.Considered to be the most authoritative and influential work on parliamentary procedure and British constitutional convention the book has become part of the uncodified constitution of the United Kingdom and as a result is sometimes called the Parliamentary bible acting as a rule book for parliamentarians. 
 Darwin's Angel is a book published in response to Richard Dawkins' The God Delusion. It was written by John Cornwell and subtitled An Angelic Riposte to The God Delusion. Cornwell runs a Public Understanding of Science programme at Jesus College Cambridge one of the constituent colleges of the University of Cambridge. He has previously written reviews of religious and scientific books including other works of Dawkins.
 Natural Symbols: Explorations in Cosmology (first published 1970) is an influential book by the British cultural anthropologist Mary Douglas. Further editions were published in 1973 1982 1996 2003. It was also published in 2003 as volume 3 in Mary Douglas: Collected Works (isbn 0415291062).
 boundary 2: an international journal of literature and culture is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal of postmodern theory literature and culture. Established in 1972 by William V. Spanos and Robert Kroetsch (SUNY Binghamton) under the title boundary 2 a journal of postmodern literature the journal moved to Duke University Press in the late 1980s and is now edited by Paul A. Bové (University of Pittsburgh).Since the early 2000s the journal has been closed to unsolicited submissions.
 Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs (SICP) is a textbook aiming to teach the principles of computer programming such as abstraction in programming metalinguistic abstraction recursion interpreters and modular programming. It is widely considered a classic text in computer science and is colloquially known as the wizard book due to the wizard on the jacket.
 The Godwhale is a science fiction novel by American novelist T. J. Bass first published in 1974. It is the sequel to Half Past Human. The book was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1974.
 Current Issues in Intestinal Microbiology (CIIM Curr. Iss. Intest. Microbiol.) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes high quality review papers on all aspects of intestinal microbiology and probiotics. Top quality original research papers and short communications are also considered for publication. The journal is published by Horizon Scientific Press from Norfolk UK.Full content of all articles are freely available online. A print edition of the journal is also available.
 For other uses see: The Squaw Man (disambiguation).The Squaw Man is a 1905 western/drama stage play in four acts written by Edwin Milton Royle.It debuted on October 23 1905 at the Wallack's Theatre Broadway starring William Faversham in the title role as Captain James Wynnegate also known as Jim Carson. The doomed bad man Cash Hawkins was played by William S. Hart.
 The Saga of Erik the Viking is a children's novel written by the Welsh comedian Terry Jones illustrated by Michael Foreman and published by Pavilion in 1983. Foreman was commended for the annual Greenaway Medal by the Library Association recognising the year's best-illustrated children's book by a British subject.According to one library record A Viking warrior who lived hundreds of years ago sets sail with his men on the Golden Dragon [ship] to find the land where the sun goes at night.
 Silencing Dissent: How the Australian Government is Controlling Public Opinion and Stifling Debate is a 2007 Australian book edited by Clive Hamilton and Sarah Maddison.The book's premise is that the apparently unconnected phenomena of attacks on non-government organisations the politicisation of the public service the stacking of statutory authorities increasing restrictions on academic freedom and control over universities the gagging or manipulation of some sections of the media and the politicisation of the military and intelligence services form a pattern that poses a grave threat to the state of democracy in Australia.The book argues that during its decade in power the Howard Government in Australia systematically dismantled democratic processes stymied open and diverse debate and avoided making itself accountable to parliament or the community. According to one reviewer this reflects not merely a government enforcing its particular version of democracy but amounts to a serious deterioration of Australia's democratic health.
 The French Powder Mystery is a novel that was written in 1930 by Ellery Queen. It is the second of the Ellery Queen mysteries.
 Good Country People is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was published in 1955 in her short story collection A Good Man is Hard to Find. A devout Roman Catholic O'Connor often used religious themes in her work.
 The Bird With The Coppery Keen Claws is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium. It was originally published in 1921 so it is in the public domain. Librivox has made the poem available in voice recording in its The Complete Public Domain Poems of Wallace Stevens.[1]Vivid Imagism blends with light-hearted rhyming in this poem that evokes a tropical clime.
 Apothecarius Argentum (薬師アルジャン Yakushi Argent) is a shōjo manga by Tomomi Yamashita published in Akita Shoten's Princess Gold magazine and collected into nine volumes. It was licensed in English by CMX Manga who released volumes 1-8. It is about a princess Primula and her bodyguard Argent.
 The Ceylon Journal of Medical Science is a peer-reviewed medical journal that started out as Section D of the Ceylon Journal of Science which was first published in 1924 by the Government of Ceylon. It obtained its current name in 1965 and is now being published by the University of Colombo. The journal publishes articles reviews original research and case reports in medicine and medical sciences.
 The Mind of Adolf Hitler: The Secret Wartime Report published in 1972 by Basic Books is based on a World War II report by psychoanalyst Walter C. Langer which probed the psychology of Adolf Hitler from the available information. The original report was prepared for the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) and submitted in late 1943 or early 1944; it is officially entitled A Psychological Analysis of Adolph Hitler: His Life and Legend.
 The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui (German: Der aufhaltsame Aufstieg des Arturo Ui) is a 1941 play by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht. It chronicles the rise of Arturo Ui a fictional 1930s Chicago mobster and his attempts to control the cauliflower racket by ruthlessly disposing of the opposition.
 Croc was a Canadian French-language humour magazine published monthly in Montreal Quebec from 1979 until 1995.
 10 Eventful Years is the title of the 1947 Encyclopædia Britannica range of books spanning ten years. They chart as the introductory title states events of the years preceding including and following World War II. The books were commissioned and edited by Walter Yust the then editor of the Encyclopædia Britannica.It was published by E.B.
 The Law original French title La Loi is an 1850 book by Frédéric Bastiat. It was written at Mugron two years after the third French Revolution and a few months before his death of tuberculosis at age 49. The essay was influenced by John Locke's Second Treatise on Government and in turn influenced Henry Hazlitt's Economics in One Lesson.
 The Texas Law Review is a student-edited and produced law review published by the University of Texas School of Law (Austin). It publishes 7 issues per academic year ranks number 9 on Washington & Lee University's list and ranks number 4 in Mikhail Koulikov's rankings of law reviews by social impact. Each year six of the seven issues of the review include articles book reviews essays commentaries and notes.
 The Universal Book of Mathematics: From Abracadabra to Zeno's Paradoxes (2004) is a bestselling book by British author David Darling.
 Hermes is the annual literary journal published by the University of Sydney Union and the oldest such journal in Australasia. The first issue appeared in July 1886. Publication was suspended in 1942-1944 1953 1955 1964 and 1970-1984. First published in 1886 the journal is edited by current students and all content within the publication is provided by students from the University of Sydney.
 McCall's was a monthly American women's magazine that enjoyed great popularity through much of the 20th century peaking at a readership of 8.4 million in the early 1960s. It was established as a small-format magazine called The Queen in 1873. In 1897 it was renamed McCall's Magazine—The Queen of Fashion (later shortened to McCall's) and subsequently grew in size to become a large-format glossy.
 Heredity in Relation to Eugenics is a book by American eugenicist Charles Benedict Davenport published in 1911. This book was a best-seller and very respected when it was published. It was printed and published with money and support of the Carnegie Institution.Along with its obvious racism the book has many failures in genetic studies. It claims that hysteria night blindness psoriasis chlorosis goitre etc.
 Booking (부킹) is a monthly manhwa anthology published by the South Korean Haksanpub.
 A Beautiful Mind is an unauthorized biography of Nobel Prize-winning economist and mathematician John Forbes Nash Jr. by Sylvia Nasar professor of journalism at Columbia University.
 Putnam Magazine is a regional lifestyle magazine that covers Putnam County New York and it is published by the local (Rockland Westchester Putnam) newspaper The Journal News a division of Gannett. The publication was launched in 2005 and publishes on a quarterly basis.
 A Sorrow Beyond Dreams (German: Wunschloses Unglück) is a 1972 semi-autobiographical novella by the Austrian writer Peter Handke. It is based on the life of Handke's mother.
 Bad Bad Bunny Trouble is the second book of the Bunny Trouble trilogy by Hans Wilhelm. It is preceded by Bunny Trouble and followed by More Bunny Trouble.
 The Wandering Fire is the second novel of The Fionavar Tapestry trilogy by Guy Gavriel Kay. The Summer Tree is the first.
 Performance Bikes often known by the shortened form of PB is a monthly British motorcycling magazine which evolved during the 1980s from the long-running Motorcycle Mechanics.
 Chain Saw Confidential: How We Made the World’s Most Notorious Horror Movie is a 2013 non-fiction book by actor Gunnar Hansen who is best known for portraying Leatherface in the 1974 film The Texas Chain Saw Massacre. The book was first released on September 24 2013 through Chronicle Books and covers the making of the iconic slasher film.
 Belenggoe (Perfected Spelling: Belenggu; translated to English as Shackles) is a novel by Indonesian author Armijn Pane. The novel follows the love triangle between a doctor his wife and his childhood friend which eventually causes each of the three characters to lose the ones they love. Originally published by the literary magazine Poedjangga Baroe in three instalments from April to June 1940 it was the magazine's only published novel.
 Pak Sar Jamin Saad Baad (Bengali: পাক সার জমিন সাদ বাদ Pāka Sāra Jamina Sāda Bāda The Blessed Sacred Land) is a 2003 novel written by Humayun Azad one of the anti-establish anti-religious writer in Bangladesh. The novel based on a religious group who collaborated with the Pakistani army during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971.
 The Book of Basketball: The NBA According to the Sports Guy is the second book by ESPN columnist Bill Simmons.
 Dragon Collection (ドラゴンコレクション Doragon Korekushon) is a Japanese social network game created by Konami that was released on the GREE social networking platform in 2010. A manga adaptation titled Dragon Collection: Ryū o Suberu Mono was serialized from 2011 to 2012 in Kodansha's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine. It was collected in six tankōbon volumes. A trading card arcade game was released in 2013.
 The Lost Fleet: Courageous is the third book in Jack Campbell's The Lost Fleet series that was published in 2007.
 The Fortunes of Nigel (1822) is a novel written by Sir Walter Scott. The setting is some time between 1616 and 1625.
 The Moon Maiden is a science fiction novel by Garrett P. Serviss. It was first published in book form in 1978 by William L. Crawford without imprint in an edition of 500 copies. The novel originally appeared in the magazine Argosy in 1915.
 Haveeru Daily (Dhivehi: ހަވީރ ދުވަހު ނޫސް) is the longest serving daily newspaper in the Maldives established on January 1 1979.[citation needed]
 The Northern Journal is a weekly newspaper based out of Fort Smith Northwest Territories Canada. As of 2013 the Northern Journal provides coverage of events in the Northwest Territories alongside NWT News/North. It also covers the Municipality of Wood Buffalo in northeastern Alberta including Fort Chipewyan Fort McMurray and the oilsands industry.
 The Journal of Intensive Care Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in the field of intensive-care medicine. The editors-in-chief are James M. Rippe and Nicholas Smyrnios (University of Massachusetts Medical School). It was established in 1986 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Clarion-Ledger is the Pulitzer Prize-winning daily newspaper of Jackson Mississippi. It is the second oldest company in the state of Mississippi and is one of only a few newspapers in the nation that continues to circulate statewide. It is an operating division of Gannett River States Publishing Corporation owned by Gannett Company.
 Astronomy Reports (Russian: Астрономический журнал) is a Russian monthly peer reviewed scientific journal. This journal tends to focus its publishing efforts on original research regarding astronomical topics. Other types of reporting are also included such as chronicles proceedings of international conferences and book reviews. Founded in 1924 it is described as the most prominent astronomy journal during the age of the Soviet Union.
 The Daily Camera is a newspaper in Boulder Colorado. It is owned by Prairie Mountain Publishing a division of MediaNews Group.
 Wednesday Comics was a weekly anthology comic book launched by DC Comics on July 8 2009. The twelve issues of the title were published in 14 x 20 broadsheet format deliberately similar to Sunday newspaper comics sections. Each edition featured 15 pages each from a different story by a different creative team.
 Out of the Cradle: Exploring the Frontiers beyond Earth is a book written and illustrated by planetary scientist William K. Hartmann Ron Miller and Pamela Lee. Cradle describes potential manned space missions to the planets moons and asteroids of the Solar System.
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal (遊☆戯☆王ZEXAL（ゼアル） Yūgiō Zearu Ze-al) is a Japanese manga and anime series and the third main spin-off series of the Yu-Gi-Oh! franchise. The manga began serialization in Shueisha's V-Jump magazine from December 2010 and is licensed in North America by Viz Media.
 The Minato Daily (みなと新聞 Minato Shinbun) is a Japanese language daily newspaper published by The Minato-Yamaguchi Co. Ltd(株式会社みなと山口合同新聞社).
 Only a Trillion is a collection of ten science essays and three scientific spoof articles by Isaac Asimov. It was the first collection of science essays published by Asimov. It was first published by Abelard-Schuman in 1957. A paperback edition published by Ace Books in 1976 included updates of outdated material (re-issued in 1980). The book was also published under the title Marvels of Science by Collier Books in 1962.
 Sport Week is a weekly sports newspaper based in Patras in the Achaea prefecture in Greece. It was first published in 1999 from S Media Group S.A.. It has many pages and these pages features news from all the athletic information from Achaea Etoloakarnania Ilia Kefalonia and Zakynthos.
 Bloodbrothers is a novel by Richard Price first published in 1976. It recounts the story of an eighteen-year old boy growing up in a working-class environment. It was adapted into a film of the same title two years later.
 The Complete Cosmicomics is a 2009 book that collects almost all of the Cosmicomic stories by Italian postmodern writer Italo Calvino.
 Archelaus (Ancient Greek: Ἀρχέλαος Archelaos) is a drama written and performed in Macedonia by Euripides honouring Archelaus I of Macedon on a par with king Caranus. There is no doubt that Euripides transformed Caranus to Archelaus (meaning leader of the people) in the play in an attempt to please Archelaus I of Macedon.
 The Journal of William Maclay is a published version of a diary kept by William Maclay during his tenure as a United States Senator representing Pennsylvania a position in which he served from 1789 to 1791. Maclay began keeping the diary within two months of taking office and kept it almost daily during the 1st United States Congress. It is one of few accounts of the early United States Senate; sessions would not become open to the public until 1795.
 FairlyLife (フェアリーライフ FearīRaifu) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Hooksoft and was first released for the PC as a DVD on October 10 2008 as a limited edition. FairlyLife is Hooksoft's seventh title along with other games such as _Summer and HoneyComing. The game is described by the development team as infinite gravity! A full power noisy miracle romantic comedy ADV (重力無限大!全力どたばたミラクルラブコメADV jūryoku mugendai! Zenryoku dotabata mirakuru rabucome ADV).
 The Sunraysia Daily is a daily newspaper in the north-western Sunraysia region of Victoria Australia. From its first publication in 1920 up until 14 September 2007 it was published in broadsheet format changing to tabloid-size the following day.
 The Edmeston Local is a defunct newspaper from Edmeston New York that was printed between 1882 and 1943.In 1882 the first newspaper in the region was established by Mr. Elba S. Talbot together with his brother Clarence as a weekly named Wharton Valley Echo (OCLC 24048184) published from Burlington Flats every Saturday. On Apr. 12 1884 the publishers announced that the paper had been moved to Edmeston.
 Biology Today: An Issues Approach is a college-oriented Biology textbook by Eli C. Minkoff and Pamela J. Baker designed to integrate the teaching of biological concepts within the context of current societal issues relating to these topics. It is the original issues-oriented introductory-level general biology textbook.[citation needed] The latest edition is currently published by the textbooks division of Garland Science. It is 768 pages long.
 Cement and its Applications was founded over a hundred years ago and is a privately owned independent trade magazine dealing with the problems of production and application of cement in Russia in all the newly independent states on the territory of the former USSR and in other countries of the world.
 Dawn of the Dragons is the eighteenth book of the Lone Wolf book series. As with all of the later Lone Wolf books numbered thirteen through twenty the North American editions of these books are abridged with a reduced number of sections. This book does not come with a game map in the American version.
 Bedfordshire on Sunday (BoS) is a free local newspaper published in Bedfordshire England.The newspaper is distributed as two editions one covering Bedford borough and its surrounding villages the other edition serves Central Bedfordshire. The gross distribution is around 112000The paper along with four other local newspapers is published by LSN Media Ltd which was previously owned by Frank Branston.
 The Journal of Health and Social Behavior is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Sociological Association. It covers the application of sociological concepts and methods to the understanding of health and illness and the organization of medicine and health care.
 Twin Research and Human Genetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published bimonthly by the Cambridge University Press. It is the official journal of the International Society for Twin Studies (ISTS). The journal covers research on the biology and epidemiology of twinning as well as biomedical and behavioral twin- and molecular-genetic research. According to the Journal Citation Reports it has a 2011 impact factor of 1.701.
 Falconer's Lure is the 1957 falconry based novel by Antonia Forest.Falconer's Lure is the third book in the series between The Marlows and the Traitor and End of Term.In the 1950s pony books were very popular among young girls. Antonia Forest's publishers wanted something different so she wrote a book about falconry instead. Falconer's Lure features the Marlow family during the summer holidays at their cousin's farm Trennels and was published in 1957 (although set in 1948).
 Bamboo in the Wind is a 1990 novel written by Filipino author and Palanca Memorial Awards recipient Azucena Grajo Uranza. Chronologically Bamboo in the Wind comes after Uranza's other novel A Passing Season.
 The Gospel According to John is a part of the Pillar New Testament Commentary series. It provides a comprehensive introduction to the Gospel of John. It was published in 1990 and written by D. A. Carson who is also the General Editor of the series.In 1992 Christianity Today magazine awarded it Number 1 Critic's Choice for Commentaries and Runner-up Reader's Choice.
 The Stripping of the Altars: Traditional Religion in England 1400–1580 is a work of history written by Eamon Duffy and published in 1992 by Yale University Press.
 Penguin Island (1908; French: L'Île des Pingouins) is a satirical fictional history by Nobel Prize winning French author Anatole France.Penguin Island is written in the style of a sprawling 18th- and 19th-century history book concerned with grand metanarratives mythologizing heroes hagiography and romantic nationalism. It is about a fictitious island inhabited by great auks that existed off the northern coast of Europe.
 Maybe the Moon (1992) is a novel written by San Francisco novelist Armistead Maupin.The story Maupin describes as 'partly autobiographical' despite the main character being a female heterosexual Jewish dwarf. The character was also based on his friend Tamara De Treaux who was the actor for E.T.Former tennis player Jim Courier read this book during a changeover.According to Maupin's website Maybe the Moon may have been the last book Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis ever read.
 Splendor is a young adult novel by Anna Godbersen in The Luxe series. The book is the fourth and final book in the series and was published on October 27 2009.A spring turns into summer Elizabeth relishes her new role as a young wife while her sister Diana searches for adventure abroad.
 Reviews in Clinical Gerontology (Rev.Clin.Gerontol.) is a journal published by the Cambridge University Press that provides a reference source for people working with elderly people.The journal publishes reviews of current literature of aspects of geriatric medicine and of biological psychological and social gerontology. Over a five-year cycle it covers all major topics relevant to Gerontology.
 Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer known as Theodore Boone: Young Lawyer in the UK is a 2010 legal thriller and the first novel by John Grisham for middle grade children (8-13 year olds) although not the first story to involve a child protagonist. It is the first in a series about Theodore Boone.
 Ebela is a Bengali tabloid targeted primarily at young Bengali readers of West Bengal. It is the second Bengali daily published by ABP Group after Ananda Bazar Patrika. This is a 32 page tabloid currently being circulated in Kolkata and Howrah only.
 Bloodrush is a thriller novel written by Hugh Zachary. First published in the USA by Nordon Publications Inc. in 1981 it was later published in the UK by Ace/Shropshire Books in 1983.
 Fieldwork is a 2007 novel by American journalist Mischa Berlinski. It was published by Farrar Straus and Giroux and was a finalist that year for the National Book Award eventually losing out to Denis Johnson's Tree of Smoke.
 Hellboy: Weird Tales is a Dark Horse Comics bimonthly eight-issue comic book limited series that offered a variety of guest writers and artists the chance to give their own take on the Hellboy characters created by Mike Mignola whilst he was in Prague working on the first Hellboy movie. The issues were published bi-monthly to alternate with a series of B.P.R.D. one-shots and were collected in two trade paperback volumes.
 Undead and Unpopular is a 2006 Quill Award nominee paranormal/romance novel by MaryJanice Davidson. It is the fifth adventure of Elizabeth Anne Betsy Taylor in the Undead series after her transformation into a vampire.
 Superman vs. The Terminator: Death to the Future is a 2000 four-part comic book crossover written by Alan Grant with pencils by Steve Pugh and inks by Mike Perkins.It was published by DC Comics and Dark Horse Comics as an out-of-continuity battle between DC's super hero Superman and the Terminators from James Cameron's popular films.
 No Game No Life (ノーゲーム・ノーライフ Nōgēmu Nōraifu) is a Japanese light novel series written and illustrated by Yū Kamiya. As of December 2013 5 volumes have been published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J imprint. A manga adaptation by Yū Kamiya with art by Mashiro Hiiragi started serialization in Media Factory's seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive on January 27 2013. An anime television series adaptation by Madhouse premiered on April 9 2014.
 Kurozakuro (クロザクロ) is a manga series by Yoshinori Natsume. The series was ended after seven volumes.
 The Sydney Morning Herald (SMH) is a daily compact newspaper published by Fairfax Media in Sydney. Founded in 1831 as the Sydney Herald the SMH is the oldest continuously published newspaper in Australia. The newspaper is published six days a week. The newspaper's Sunday counterpart The Sun-Herald is published in tabloid format. It is available at outlets in Sydney regional New South Wales Canberra and South East Queensland (Brisbane Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast).
 The Seattle Chinese Times is a Seattle Washington United States free bilingual weekly newspaper which launched its first edition in May 2004. The contents comprise news reports and editorials concerning the lifestyle and culture of the Chinese/Asian ethnic group in the Greater Puget Sound and Vancouver Canada in the northwest.In January 2005 the Seattle Chinese Times introduced a full-color edition the first full-color weekly newspaper in the Chinese community.
 Air Forces Monthly is a military aviation magazine published by Key Publishing based in Stamford United Kingdom.Topics covered by AirForces Monthly magazine include: Comprehensive coverage of the world's air forces Detailed attrition section Insights into the latest military technology Military conflicts weaponry and exercises Personnel interviewsSister publications include Air International Air Enthusiast Airliner World Airports International FlyPast.
 Capricorn (カプリコン) is a manga by Johji Manabe. It was adapted into an anime OVA and released on April 5 1991 by Aubec.
 The Australian Journal of Anthropology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published triannually by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Australian Anthropological Society. The journal was established in 1931 as Mankind and obtained its current name in 1990.
 L'Étudiante is the second novel by Vanessa Duriès.Like Le lien Vanessa Duriès' first novel this is an autobiographical story. It has not been completed since Vanessa Duriès was killed in a car accident when it was being written.This second novel puts in parallel her very special kind of sexuality and her life as a student in Bordeaux.
 Gods of Riverworld (1983) is a science fiction novel the fifth and last in the series of Riverworld books by Philip José Farmer.
 'The Free Malaysia Today (FMT) is a Malaysian daily online newspaper founded and continuously published in Petaling Jaya. The Free Malaysia Today its website is one of the most popular Malaysian online newspaper website receiving visitors from more than 20 countries 100000 visitors and 200000 pageviews per day.
 Crime and Punishment (Russian: Преступлéние и наказáние Prestupleniye i nakazaniye) is a novel by the Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky. It was first published in the literary journal The Russian Messenger in twelve monthly installments during 1866. It was later published in a single volume. It is the second of Dostoyevsky's full-length novels following his return from ten years of exile in Siberia.
 The Solitudes (Originally titled Ægypt contrary to Crowley's wishes) is a 1987 Modern Fantasy novel by John Crowley. It is Crowley's fifth published novel and the first novel in the four-volume Ægypt Sequence. The novel follows Pierce Moffett a college history professor in his retreat from ordinary academic life to pastoral life of Faraway Hills roughly equivalent to the Port Jervis area.
 Great Kings' War is an English language science fiction novel by John F. Carr and Roland J. Green a sequel to H. Beam Piper's Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen. It continues the story of Corporal Calvin Morrison after he is transported to another timeline by a Paratime conveyor.
 The Annals of Human Genetics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering human genetics. It was established in 1925 by Karl Pearson as the Annals of Eugenics with as subtitle Darwin's epigram I have no Faith in anything short of actual measurement and the rule of three. The journal obtained its current name in 1954 to reflect changing views on the role of eugenics in society. The editor-in-chief is Andres Ruiz-Linares (University College London).
 Fallen is a novel by bestselling author Karin Slaughter that combines characters from her Will Trent series and Grant County series. It is her eleventh full length novel. It was originally released in hardback in June 2011. Her other novels that combine the Will Trent and Grant County series are Undone and Broken.
 Children of the Storm (2003) is the 15th in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 The Star Beast is a 1954 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about a high school senior who discovers that his late father's extraterrestrial pet is more than it appears to be. The novel somewhat abridged was originally serialised in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction (May June July 1954) as Star Lummox and then published in hardcover as part of Scribner's series of Heinlein juveniles.
 In My Father's Den is a 1972 novel by New Zealand author Maurice Gee.The novel was adapted to film in 2004 written and directed by Brad McGann.
 The Caretaker is a play in three acts by Harold Pinter. Although it was the sixth of his major works for stage and television this psychological study of the confluence of power allegiance innocence and corruption among two brothers and a tramp became Pinter's first significant commercial success.
 The Andranikological Review (Review on Andranik Studies Armenian: Անդրանիկագիտական Հանդես) was an Armenian youth historical half-yearly periodical published in Yerevan in 2002-2004.
 Princess of the Midnight Ball is a 2009 young adult fantasy novel written by Jessica Day George. It is based on the fairy tale The Twelve Dancing Princesses.
 Billy Bat (ビリーバット Birii Batto) is an ongoing Japanese seinen thriller manga series written by Naoki Urasawa and Takashi Nagasaki and illustrated by Urasawa. The series was announced in issue 45 of the Japanese manga anthology Weekly Morning in 2008 and its first chapter was released in the next issue of Morning on October 16 2008. Kodansha is collecting the individual chapters into tankōbon volumes and has released twelve volumes so far on August 23 2013.
 Spiritus: A Journal of Christian Spirituality is a biannual academic journal published by the Johns Hopkins University Press. It was established in 1993 as the Christian Spirituality Bulletin: Journal of the Society for the Study of Christian Spirituality and obtained its current title in 2001. It is the official publication of the Society for the Study of Christian Spirituality and covers research on Christian spirituality while fostering creative dialogue with non-Christian traditions.
 The Transformers was an 80-issue American comic book series published by Marvel Comics telling the story of the Transformers. Originally scheduled as a four issue mini-series it spawned a mythology that would inform other versions of the saga. It also had a UK sister title that spliced in original stories into the continuity running for 332 issues.
 Relix magazine was launched in 1974 as a handmade newsletter devoted to connecting people who recorded Grateful Dead concerts. It rapidly expanded into a music magazine covering a wide amount of artists. It is the second-longest continuously published music magazine in the United States after Rolling Stone. In 2009 the magazine had a circulation of 102000 and was published 8 times a year.
 Nature Arabic Edition is an online publication by Nature Publishing Group (NPG) in partnership with the King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology. It contains high-quality science news from the original Nature journal. The content of this journal is available online for free and the print issues are also available to qualified subscribers for free.
 The Last Dragonlord is the first in a series of books written by Joanne Bertin. It takes place in a world of truehumans truedragons and dragonlords - beings which have both human and dragon souls and can change from human to dragon and vice versa at will.The Last Dragonlord refers to a central character of the book Linden Rathan so called because he is the last dragonlord to have been born in more than 600 years.
 Sacred Stone is the second book in The Oregon Files series of novels by best-selling author Clive Cussler and Craig Dirgo. It was released on October 5 2004 by Berkley. The main character Juan Cabrillo is the captain of the Oregon an ultramodern warship disguised as a decrepit tramp steamer and with a crew made up of ex-military and intelligence operatives. Within the story are the separate plots that ultimately turn out to be connected to each other.
 Optics Express is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Optical Society of America. It reports on all fields of optical science and technology.
 All the World's Mornings (French: Tous les matins du monde) is a 1991 novel by Pascal Quignard. It is a retelling of the apprenticeship of Marin Marais in the house of austere recluse and mysterious violist Monsieur de Sainte-Colombe obsessed with his late wife and of his romantic entanglements with his master's two daughters.
 What the Dog Saw: And Other Adventures is the fourth book released by author Malcolm Gladwell on October 20 2009. The book is a compilation of the journalist's articles published in The New Yorker.
 Brian's Winter also known as Hatchet: Winter is a 1996 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen. It is the third novel in the Hatchet series but second in terms of chronology as an alternate ending sequel to Hatchet.It was also released as Hatchet: Winter by Pan Macmillan on February 9 1996.
 FUTU Magazine is a concept magazine about design art and trends in luxury. It appears every two months and is distributed worldwide in concept stores (like 10 Corso Como in Milan or Colette in Paris) design boutiques and museum bookshops (Tate Modern in London). FUTU is co-created by some well-known graphic design studios in Europe like Studio8 Design and Alber Folch Studio.
 The Marvels Project is a 2009-2010 eight-issue comic book limited series written by Ed Brubaker with art by Steve Epting and published by Marvel Comics. It details the origins of Timely Comics-era superheroes in the Marvel Universe such as Captain America Namor the Human Torch and the Angel.
 Soul Music is the sixteenth Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett first published in 1994. Like many of Pratchett's novels it introduces an element of modern society into the magical and vaguely late medieval early modern world of the Discworld in this case Rock and Roll music and stardom with nearly disastrous consequences. It also introduces Susan Sto Helit daughter of Mort and Ysabell and granddaughter of Death.
 Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter is a biographical action horror novel by Seth Grahame-Smith released on March 2 2010 through New York–based publishing company Grand Central Publishing.
 Freddy and the Bean Home News (1943) is the tenth book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. The story takes place when the United States was in the middle of World War II.When freedom of the press is stifled in the area Freddy starts his own paper. The competition between his reporting and the dishonest reporting of the other paper leads to his being arrested tried in court and kidnapped.
 Passion is a 2011 young adult fantasy novel from the Fallen series written by Lauren Kate. Passion the sequel to Torment continues the story of Lucinda Price (Luce) who at the end of the previous book decides to find out more about her past lives by stepping through an Announcer ignoring Daniel's plea to stop. Daniel Luce's boyfriend and fallen angel decides to follow her promising to find and rescue her.
 The Giant Jam Sandwich is a children's picture book with story and pictures by John Vernon Lord and verses by Janet Burroway. The rhyming story tells how the fictional town of Itching Down was invaded by four million wasps. The villagers decide to build a gigantic jam sandwich to trap the pesky insects. In 2014 20th Century Fox United Artists And Universal announced that they will make a movie of the book.
 Renaissance Magazine is a glossy American magazine published every other month. Each issue comprises approximately 90 pages and includes articles about the contemporary renaissance faire experience medieval and renaissance history castles heraldry cooking and interviews with key individuals in the renaissance fair industry. It was founded in 1996 by Lady Kimberly a graduate of Yale University and is currently owned by Queue Inc. in Stratford Connecticut.
 Jupiter's Travels is a book by Ted Simon which narrates his four-year journey through 126000 km across 45 countries on a Triumph Tiger 100 500 cc motorcycle from 1973 to 1977. His book was first published in English in 1979.
 Les Rayons et les Ombres (Beams and shadows 1840) is a collection of forty-four poems by Victor Hugo the last collection to be published before his exile and containing most of his poems from between 1837 and 1840.One biographer (A. F.
 Heart and Soul is a young adult novel by novelist and poet Liz Rosenberg.
 Cicero is a monthly German magazine focusing on politics and culture. The magazine which has a liberal-conservative political stance is based in Berlin.
 The Richmond Globe is a weekly newspaper in Richmond California published by The Globe Newspaper Group.
 Communicatio Socialis is a specialized communication and media sciences publication bearing the subtitle “Journal for Media Ethics and Communication in Church and Society”. It addresses communication and media ethical issues in addition to topics related to “Religion Church and Communication”.
 The Man Who Won the War (1936) is a short story by Robert Buckner. The story tells of an exiled British Naval Officer Roger Bradman who really won the First World War. Before the start of the story Buckner writes a short paragraph explaining why none of the story can be legally proven. This short introduction suggests the story is fictional.
 Infamous is a 2011 comic book series based on the video game of the same name published by DC Comics in association with Sucker Punch Productions (the developer of the game). The comic book will follow the adventure of superhero Cole MacGrath and takes place in between the events of Infamous and Infamous 2. The comic primarily depicts Cole's escape from Empire City in the first game to New Marais in the second game.
 ReVisions is a 2004 anthology of alternate history short-stories. It is edited by Julie E. Czerneda and Isaac Szpindel.
 The Treasure of Vaghia (Greek: Ο θησαυρός της Βαγίας) is a 1969 novel by Greek author Georges Sari. It is his first novel and is partially autobiographical. A television series based upon the book aired on Ellinikí Radiofonía Tileórasi in 1984.
 The Anuario Colombiano de Historia Social y de la Cultura is an academic journal founded in 1963 by Jaime Jaramillo Uribe. It is published by the history departament of National University of Colombia. It has been recognized as the main publication of Colombian historical studies[citation needed]. Authors are national and international scholars.The journal is published annually.
 The Herald-Sun is a daily newspaper in Durham North Carolina published by the Paxton Media Group of Paducah Kentucky.
 What Witches Do is a book by Stewart Farrar and is an eye-witness account of Wiccan practices namely that of the Alexandrian coven run by Alex Sanders and his wife Maxine Sanders.
 Return to Nevèrÿon collects three sword and sorcery stories by Samuel R. Delany along with an appendix: The Game of Time and Pain The Tale of Rumor and Desire and The Tale of Gorgik and Appendix: Closures and Openings. It is the last of the four-volume Return to Nevèrÿon series. The collection was first published under the title The Bridge of Lost Desire.This article discusses the three stories collected in the book.
 Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering quantitative empirical and theoretical studies in the field of analysis of animal behavior at the levels of the individual population and community.
 Concept of the Corporation (1946) is a book by management professor and sociologist Peter Drucker. It is widely held to be the first book of its kind.
 The Toff on the Farm is a 1958 mystery novel by John Creasey featuring his character the Honourable Richard Rollison aka 'The Toff'.
 EU Jacksonville is a monthly entertainment magazine published in Jacksonville Florida. It contains feature reporting and entertainment and cultural guides for Jacksonville and the Northeast Florida region.
 The Thief Akikazu Inoue (火の山 Hi No Yama) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka and also the name of one of his books in Kodansha's line of Osamu Tezuka Manga Complete Works books containing a collection of Tezuka's short stories. The stories included in this book are The Record of Peter Kyulten Sensual Nights Lord Iechika Mogami Lay of the Rhine and The Thief Akikazu Inoue.
 Manuscripta is a biannual academic journal published by the Knights of Columbus' Vatican Film Library. It was established in 1957 and covers topics related to the study of medieval and renaissance manuscripts. The journal is printed and distributed by Brepols Publishers.
 This article attempts to summarize and illustrate selected notable representative critical reaction to and commentary on the book Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid (New York: Simon and Schuster 2006) by former president Jimmy Carter which has been highly controversial. The reception of the book has itself raised further controversy occasioning Carter's own subsequent responses to such criticism.
 All She Was Worth is a crime novel by Miyuki Miyabe originally published under the Japanese title Kasha (Japanese: 火車).
 Frontiers in Psychology is an open-access peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of psychology. It was established in 2010 and is published by Frontiers. The editor-in-chief is Axel Cleeremans (Université libre de Bruxelles).
 The Daily of the University of Washington usually referred to in Seattle simply as The Daily is the student newspaper of the University of Washington in Seattle USA.
 Qualitative Health Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes papers in the field of public health. The editor-in-chief is Janice M. Morse (University of Utah). It was established in 1991 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Johnny Kellock Died Today is a CLA Book of the Year Award winning young adult novel by Canadian author Hadley Dyer. It follows the story of twelve year-old Rosalie Norman and takes place in Halifax in 1959. When Rosalie’s authoritarian mother falls down the stairs and breaks her ankle she must hire a local boy nicknamed Gravedigger to take care of the family’s yard. Upon meeting Gravedigger Rosalie finds out that her beloved cousin Johnny has gone missing.
 Japan Echo was an English language periodical on Japanese issues which was initially published in print form by Japan Echo Inc. between 1974 and 2010.
 Red Alert is a 1958 novel by Peter George about nuclear war. The book was the underlying inspiration for Stanley Kubrick's 1964 film Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb.
 The Shifting Sands is the fourth book in the eight-volume Deltora Quest fantasy novel series written by Emily Rodda. It continues the trio's journey to find the seven missing gems of Deltora braving dangers and Guardians in each book.
 Lysistrata (/laɪˈsɪstrətə/ or /ˌlɪsəˈstrɑːtə/; Attic Greek: Λυσιστράτη Army-disbander) is a comedy by Aristophanes. Originally performed in classical Athens in 411 BC it is a comic account of one woman's extraordinary mission to end the Peloponnesian War. Lysistrata persuades the women of Greece to withhold sexual privileges from their husbands and lovers as a means of forcing the men to negotiate peace — a strategy however that inflames the battle between the sexes.
 Your Baby's Best Shot: Why Vaccines are Safe and Save Lives is a 2012 pro-vaccine book published by Rowman and Littlefield and written by E. Allison Hagood a psychology professor and Stacy Mintzer Herlihy a freelance writer from Roseland New Jersey. The forward was written by Paul Offit.
 Asaoka High School Baseball Club Diary: Over Fence (―浅丘高校野球部日誌― オーバーフェンス Asaoka Kōkō Yakyūbu Nisshi: Ōbā Fensu) is a baseball themed romantic comedy manga series by Mitsuru Adachi which began serialization in the No. 22/23 issue of Weekly Shōnen Sunday published on April 27 2011. The series will appear on an irregular basis in Sunday.
 The Daily Emerald is an online student news site produced at the University of Oregon in Eugene Oregon United States. Its predecessor the Oregon Daily Emerald newspaper founded in 1899 trained many prominent writers and journalists and made important contributions to journalism case law. Currently two print editions also are published each week Emerald Monday and Emerald Wknd.
 The Birthday Present (2008) is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell written under her pseudonym Barbara Vine. It was her first novel under this name in three years.
 Eqtesad-e Golestan is an independent socio-economic Persian language weekly paper published in Gorgan (Jorjan in Arabic) Golestan Iran.
 Platinum Metals Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing reports on scientific research on the platinum group metals and related industrial developments. The journal was established in 1957 and the current editor-in-chief is Jonathan J. Butler. From April 1998 it has been published as open access and from the July 2004 issue in electronic format only.
 The Signal and the Noise : Why Most Predictions Fail – but Some Don't (alternatively stylized as The Signal and the Noise : Why So Many Predictions Fail – but Some Don't) is a book by Nate Silver detailing the art of using probability and statistics as applied to real-world circumstances.
 Ball Four is a book written by former Major League Baseball pitcher Jim Bouton in 1970. The book is a diary of Bouton's 1969 season spent with the Seattle Pilots (during the club's only year in existence) and then the Houston Astros following a late-season trade. In it Bouton also recounts much of his baseball career spent mainly with the New York Yankees.
 'Umdat as-Salik wa 'Uddat an-Nasik (Reliance of the Traveller and Tools of the Worshipper also commonly known by its shorter title Reliance of the Traveller) is a classical manual of fiqh for the Shafi'i school of Islamic jurisprudence. The author of the main text is 14th-century scholar Shihabuddin Abu al-'Abbas Ahmad ibn an-Naqib al-Misri (AH 702-769 / AD 1302–1367). Al-Misri who based his work on the previous Shafi'i works of Imam Nawawi and Imam Abu Ishaq as-Shirazi.
 Teb o Tazkieh (Persian: طب و تزکیه‎) is a peer-reviewed open access quarterly medical & cultural publication that was established in 1992. The work Teb o Tazkieh in Persian language means Medicine & Purification. The Teb o Tazkieh has a special part of Continuing Medical Education (CME) in each volume that is strictly interested and followed by readers.
 NGC Magazine (originally known as N64 Magazine until Issue 60 2001) was a British magazine specialising in Nintendo created consoles; which was first printed in 1997 and ran until 2006. N64 Magazine was the successor to Super Play magazine after it ended in 1996 as it retained many of the staff and the style of that publication. In November 2000 it merged with its sister Future Publishing magazine Nintendo World.
 Momo also known as The Grey Gentlemen or The Men in Grey is a fantasy novel by Michael Ende published in 1973. It is about the concept of time and how it is used by humans in modern societies. The full title in German (Momo oder Die seltsame Geschichte von den Zeit-Dieben und von dem Kind das den Menschen die gestohlene Zeit zurückbrachte) translates to Momo or the strange story of the time-thieves and the child who brought the stolen time back to the people.
 National Lampoon Tenth Anniversary Anthology 1970–1980 was an American humor book that was published in hardback in December 1979 by Simon & Schuster. Although it appeared to be a regular book it was in fact a special issue of National Lampoon magazine. It was available for purchase on newsstands not in bookstores.
 More Than Honor published in 1998 was the first anthology of stories set in the Honorverse. The stories in the anthologies serve to introduce characters provide deeper more complete backstory and flesh out the universe so claim the same canonical relevance as exposition in the main series.
 New Biotechnology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official journal of the European Federation of Biotechnology. It is published bimonthly by Elsevier.
 Boxoffice is a film industry magazine dedicated to the movie theatre business published by Boxoffice Media LP. It started in 1920 as The Reel Journal taking its current name in 1931 and still publishes today with an intended audience of theatre owners and film professionals.Boxoffice is the official publication of the National Association of Theatre Owners a role it took on in 2006.
 The Journal of Contemporary Religion is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal which covers anthropological sociological psychological and philosophical aspects of religion.
 Time to Pee! is a children's picture book by Mo Willems. Released in 2003 by Hyperion Books it is a book about toilet training. It also contains a progress chart and a page of motivational stickers. The book's instructions are presented by a group of mice toting signs and banners. Willems joked in an interview My basic theory is that kids will never listen to adults but they will listen to an infestation of mice.
 The Start of the New Century ( Der Antritt des neuen Jahrhunderts) is a poem written by Friedrich Schiller early in the 19th century possibly in 1801. It deals with the peace of Luneville and the Napoleonic Wars.
 The Irish Journal of Medical Science is a peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1832 by Robert Kane as the Dublin Journal of Medical & Chemical Science. Besides Kane it had distinguished editors like Robert James Graves and William Wilde. It is the official organ of the Royal Academy of Medicine in Ireland and published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Al-Hadaf (Arabic: الهدف‎) (English: The Target) is a Palestinian weekly political newspaper.It was founded in Beirut in 1969 by Ghassan Kanafani as the political mouthpiece of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) espousing a Marxist-Leninist version of pan-Arab Palestinian nationalism. In 1972 Kanafani was killed by a car bomb but al-Hadaf remains in publication.
 Cold Mountain is a 1997 historical novel by Charles Frazier which won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction. It tells the story of W. P. Inman a wounded deserter from the Confederate army near the end of the American Civil War who walks for months to return to Ada Monroe the love of his life; the story shares several similarities with Homer's The Odyssey.
 The Lyons is a play by Nicky Silver. The play first ran Off-Broadway in 2011 and then premiered on Broadway in 2012. This marks the Broadway debut of a Nicky Silver play. The setting is mainly in a hospital where Ben the husband and father is dying from cancer.
 Look and Learn was a British weekly educational magazine for children published by Fleetway Publications Ltd from 1962 until 1982.
 Cedar Street Times is the weekly newspaper in Pacific Grove California. Originally established as an online publication it became a print version when its founder Marge Ann Jameson determined that it would be easier to drive readers to an upstart online version if one had an upstart print version.
 Ship of Fools is a science fiction novel by Richard Paul Russo. First published in 2001 it won the Philip K. Dick Award for that year.The novel has been rereleased by Orbit Books under the name Unto Leviathan.
 This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall is a 1978 novel by Gordon Korman. It is the first installment of the Macdonald Hall series and was the first written work of Korman. It is dedicated to his English teacher Mr. Hamilton.The book was republished in 2003 with a new look and updated text (updated to match today's economy and slang). The title was also shortened to This Can't Be Happening!. The rest of the books in the series would all eventually be republished.
 Chain of Evidence is a 2007 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Garry Disher.
 Select essays of Sister Nivedita (1911) is an English language book written by Sister Nivedita. The foreword of the book was written by A.J.F. Blair.
 The Central European Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed monthly scientific journal covering all areas of mathematics. It was established in 2003 and is published by Versita in collaboration with Springer Science+Business Media.
 A Lume Spento (translated by the author as With Tapers Quenched) is a 1908 poetry collection by Ezra Pound. Self-published in Venice it was his first collection.
 New Writings in SF 30 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the ninth volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell and the final volume in the series. Most late volumes in the series were first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi.
 Le Paysan de Paris is a surrealist book about places in Paris by Louis Aragon which was first published in 1926 by Editions Gallimard.It was dedicated to the surrealist painter André Masson and its preface was on the theme of a modern mythology. The two main sections of the books describe two places in Paris in great detail: Le Passage de l'Opera and Parc des Buttes-Chaumont.
 The University Star also called The Star is a student-run newspaper for Texas State University. The Star provides news and information on issues that affect the Texas State community as well as San Marcos news.
 The J.R.R. Tolkien Encyclopedia subtitled Scholarship and Critical Assessment edited by Michael D.C. Drout was published by Routledge in 2006 (ISBN 978-0415969420). A team of 127 Tolkien scholars on 720 pages covers topics of Tolkien's fiction his academic works his intellectual and spiritual influences and his biography. Co-editors were Douglas A. Anderson and Verlyn Flieger (both Drout's co-editors also of Tolkien Studies) Marjorie Burns and Tom Shippey.
 The Journal of the American Board of Family Medicine is the official publication of the American Board of Family Medicine. It was formerly published as The Journal of the American Board of Family Practice by the Board of the Massachusetts Medical Society.
 LOU LOU is a Canadian women's magazine launched in 2004. It is printed 8 times per year in English and French editions.
 Wear is a scientific journal publishing papers on wear and friction. The papers may fall within the subjects of physics chemistry material science or mechanical engineering. It is published by Elsevier.
 The Bishop Murder Case (1928) is the fourth in a series of mystery novels by S. S. Van Dine about fictional detective Philo Vance. The detective solves a mystery built around a nursery rhyme. The Bishop Murder Case is believed to be the first nursery-rhyme mystery book.
 Al-Hilal [The Crescent in English] is a monthly Egyptian cultural and literature magazine. Established in 1892 it is the oldest cultural journal in the Arab world.
 Return to Chaos is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Tagline: Under the cover of darkness.
 Mister Boffo is an American comic strip created by Joe Martin. The strip has been in syndication since 1986 originally distributed by Tribune Media Services and now distributed by Martin's own Neatly Chiseled Features. [1]The strip's main character is a balding big-nosed man named Earl who is usually shown as married to a pretty blonde named Nadine and as the owner of a small white wonder dog named Weederman.
 The Ghost of Blackwood Hall is the twenty-fifth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1948 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Mildred Wirt Benson.
 Hillary's Choice is a 1999 biography of Hillary Clinton written by Gail Sheehy. It explores the life of former First Lady and New York Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton. Sheehy revealed much new detail regarding Hillary Clinton's girlhood and college days; her remarkable ability to balance family and career and her tempestuous but tenacious personal relationship with her husband President Bill Clinton and her ultimate independent life as a popular U.S.
 Personal and Ubiquitous Computing is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1997. It covers original research on ubiquitous and pervasive computing ambient intelligence and handheld wearable and mobile information devices with a focus on user experience and interaction design issues. The journal publishes a mixture of issues themed on specific topics or organised around scientific workshops and original research papers.
 Arithmetic for Parents is a book for grownups about children's mathematics.It is mainly aimed at teachers and at parents who wish to help their children in their mathematical studies. It is also aimed at grownups who wish to return to their childhood mathematics and to have a new look at the material from a more mature perspective. The author Ron Aharoni is a professor of mathematics at the Technion.
 In These Times is an American politically progressive/democratic socialist monthly magazine of news and opinion published by the Institute for Public Affairs in Chicago Illinois.It was established as a broadsheet-format fortnightly newspaper in 1976 by James Weinstein a lifelong socialist with the aid of intellectuals including Julian Bond Noam Chomsky and Herbert Marcuse.It investigates accepted and/or alleged corporate and government wrongdoing covers international affairs and has a cultural section. 
 File Under Popular: Theoretical and Critical Writings on Music is a collection of seven essays on the political theory of popular music written by English percussionist lyricist and music theorist Chris Cutler. The essays were written between 1978 and 1983 four of them in response to requests and the rest unprompted. Two of the essays were first published in two German publications and two were originally presented by Cutler at two international symposia on popular music.
 The Sunshine Boys is a play by Neil Simon that was produced on Broadway in 1972 and later adapted for film and television.
 Philosophy of Love: A Partial Summing-Up is a 2009 book by the American philosopher Irving Singer published by MIT Press. Alan Soble stated in its foreword that the book is as much an intellectual biography as it is an exploration of love and sex.I have emphasized numerous times in print and in conversations with curious students and colleagues: if you want to study the philosophy of love and sex Professor Singer's trilogy should be at the top of your list.
 The Richmond News Leader was an afternoon daily newspaper published in Richmond Virginia from 1888 to 1992. During much of its run it was the largest newspaper source in Richmond competing with the morning Richmond Times-Dispatch. By the late 1960s afternoon papers had been steadily losing their audiences to television and The News Leader was no exception. Its circulation at one time exceeded 200000 but at the time of its closing it had fallen below 80000.
 The Corriere della Sera (Italian pronunciation: [koˈrjere ˈdella ˈsera]; English: Evening Courier) is an Italian daily newspaper published in Milan with an average daily circulation of 358000 copies.First published on 5 March 1876 Corriere della Sera is one of Italy's oldest newspapers. Its main competitors are Rome's la Repubblica and Turin's La Stampa.In 2004 Corriere della Sera launched an online English section focusing on Italian current affairs and culture.
 The Young Hegelians and Karl Marx is a 1969 book by political scientist David McLellan.
 The Sky Village is a Young Adult/Fantasy Novel written by authors Monk Ashland and Nigel Ashland to be published in hardcover on July 8 2008. In the story twelve-year-old Mei Long adventures across China in the Sky Village a vast network of hot air balloons in search of her mother who has been taken prisoner by an army of intelligent machines (meks).
 I Hope I Shall Arrive Soon is a book by Philip K. Dick a collection of 10 science fiction short stories and one essay. It was first published by Doubleday in 1985 and was edited by Mark Hurst and Paul Williams. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Worlds of Tomorrow Amazing Stories Interzone Rolling Stone College Papers The Yuba City High Times Omni and Playboy.
 The Register-Guard is a daily newspaper published in Eugene Oregon United States. It was formed in a 1930 merger of two Eugene papers the Eugene Daily Guard and the Morning Register. The paper serves the Eugene-Springfield area as well as the Oregon Coast Umpqua River Valley and surrounding areas. As of 2013 it has a circulation of around 52000 Monday through Friday around 59000 on Saturday and a little under 60000 on Sunday.
 Sky Burial is a 2004 novel by Xue Xinran her second. Xue is a British-Chinese journalist who writes for The Guardian. Sky Burial was listed in the Los Angeles Times as one of their favorite non-fiction books of 2005.
 Nightwings is a science fiction novella by Robert Silverberg. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1969 and was also nominated for the Nebula Award in 1968. Nightwings is the first in a trilogy of novellas the next two being Perris Way (1968) and To Jorslem (1969). These three works were later collected into a single novel in three sections also titled Nightwings.
 Ghost Recon is a military thriller written under the pseudonym David Michaels based on Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon video game series. The novel follows the operations of Captain Scott Mitchell and his Ghosts in China.
 HistoryMapped is a series of Presidential maps published by VanDam Inc the New York CIty map publisher in cooperation with the National Park Service.These maps chart the lives of American Presidents and put their personal geographies into the context of their age. The series includes maps of George Washington Abraham Lincoln and Thomas Jefferson.Each map features a historical map graphic on one side and a city map tracing the President's footsteps on the reverse.
 Warheads was a Marvel UK comic book series which ran for 14 issues in the early 1990s (January 1992 - May 1993) and was followed by the two-issue mini-series Warheads: Black Dawn. The stories contained in the comic were also serialised in the UK comics anthology Overkill.
 The Zeitschrift für Evidenz Fortbildung und Qualität im Gesundheitswesen (English: German Journal for Evidence and Quality in Healthcare) is a German language peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier Germany.It was established in 1904 as the Zeitschrift für ärztliche Fortbildung (German Journal for Continuous Medical Education) by Ernst von Bergmann.
 Downward to the Earth is a 1970 science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg. It is a tale of the quest for transcendence (a frequent Silverberg theme) set on another planet and includes references to Heart of Darkness Joseph Conrad's classic tale of colonialism including the name of Kurtz.Downward to the Earth was originally published as a four-part serial publication starting in the November 1969 edition of Galaxy Science Fiction. It was nominated for a Locus Award in 1971.
 The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses is an 1888 novel by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is both an historical adventure novel and a romance novel. It first appeared as a serial in 1883 with the subtitle A Tale of Tunstall Forest beginning in Young Folks; A Boys' and Girls' Paper of Instructive and Entertaining Literature vol. XXII no. 656 (Saturday June 30 1883) and ending in the issue for Saturday October 20 1883—Stevenson had finished writing it by the end of summer.
 Earth Hive is the title of a 1992 novel by Steve Perry set in the fictional Alien movie universe. It is an adaptation of the first Aliens comic book series written by Mark Verheiden.
 The Heckler [1] is a satirical sports newspaper created in 2003 by Brad Zibung (born 1976) and George Ellis (born 1977). It is based in Chicago and chronicles the pratfalls of the fabled Chicago Cubs baseball club as well as other major Chicago sports teams and athletes.The Heckler has received acclaim from the Chicago Reader The Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune Chicago Tonight on WTTW WFLD's Fox News in the AM WGN-TV ESPN Radio Chicago WSCR-AM Time Out Chicago and the Sporting News.
 Peter Parker: Spider-Man is the name of two comic book series published by Marvel Comics both of which feature the character Spider-Man.
 Industrialnation was an independent international underground music magazine based in Oakland California. The magazine was founded in Iowa City Iowa in 1991 by Paul Valerio. Issue #1 was released as a half-sized black & white xerox fanzine with a press run of 100 copies. It quickly grew in size and depth to document the underground electronic music industry and culture. In 1995 the magazine's home base relocated to Chicago.
 The Paper Moon (orig. Italian La Luna di Carta) is a 2005 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2008 by Stephen Sartarelli. It is the ninth novel in the internationally popular Inspector Montalbano series.Montalbano nostalgically recalls his boyhood and the memories of his family remembering episodes that stayed imprinted in his imagination like when his father pulled his leg by stating that the Moon was made of paper and he faithfully believed him.
 The Journal of Biosciences is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Indian Academy of Sciences. The current editor-in-chief is D. P. Kasbekar. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.648.
 The New Zealand Truth was a tabloid newspaper published weekly in New Zealand. It started as the Auckland Truth in 1887.The editor from 1913 to 1925 was Robert Hogg a Scottish-born journalist and socialist.Described as scandal mongering and scurrilious it has employed well-known New Zealand authors including Robin Hyde in 1928. It included publication of a page 3 girl.
 Nature Via Nurture: Genes Experience and What Makes us Human is a 2003 book written by Matt Ridley that discusses the interaction between environment and genes and how they affect human development. It has been republished as The Agile Gene: How Nature Turns on Nurture (ISBN 0-06-000678-1).
 A Visit to William Blake's Inn: Poems for Innocent and Experienced Travelers is a children's picture book written by Nancy Willard and illustrated by Alice and Martin Provensen published by Harcourt Brace in 1981. Next year Willard won the annual Newbery Medal and the Provensens were one runner-up for the Caldecott Medal from the professional children's librarians.
 Dungeons & Dragons Immortals Rules is a boxed set for the Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) fantasy role-playing game. It was first published in 1986 as an expansion to the Basic Set.
 The Malaysia Nanban (Tamil: மலேசியா நண்பன் Malaysia's Friend) is a Tamil daily newspaper based in Malaysia one of only three Tamil-language dailies in the country alongside the Makkal Osai and the Tamil Nesan although in 2014 three more Tamil newspapers had began publishing in the country Thina Kural Nam Naadu and the newly revived Tamil Malar which had been ever published in the 1970s and 1980s.The circulation as of 2012 is about 55000 copies.
 The Cleansing is a horror novel by author John D. Harvey. It was released in 2002 by Arkham House in an edition of approximately 2500 copies.
 Beautiful Stories for Ugly Children is a comic book series written by Dave Louapre and illustrated by Dan Sweetman published by DC Comics under the Piranha Press imprint from June 1989 until September 1992 a total of 30 issues in the run and a couple of anthologies published separately.
 Fox on the Rhine is a 2000 alternate history novel written by Douglas Niles and Michael Dobson. It details a course of events over late 1944 that resulted from Adolf Hitler's death in the July 20 plot and Field-Marshal Erwin Rommel's survival of the crackdown.
 Gifts of Unknown Things: A True Story of Nature Healing and Initiation from Indonesia's Dancing Island (1976 ISBN 0-671-22632-0) is a book by Lyall Watson. It recounts a true adventure; washed onto a remote island in Indonesia he is greeted by local people who have a strong and mystic culture and a fascinatingly unique comprehension of colour sound and movement.Jim Capaldi's song Gifts of Unknown Things from his album Fierce Heart was inspired by the book.
 Andromeda Stories (Japanese: アンドロメダ・ストーリーズ Hepburn: Andoromeda Sutōrīzu) a Japanese manga written by Ryu Mitsuse and illustrated by Keiko Takemiya.
 Lords of the Starship is a 1967 science fiction novel which marked the debut of author Mark S. Geston written while he was a sophomore at Kenyon College. It was originally published in paperback by Ace Books then reprinted for the British market in hardcover by Michael Joseph in 1971 and in paperback by Sphere Books a year later.
 Kage Gari (影狩り lit. Shadow Hunters) is a 1969 jidaigeki manga series by Takao Saito.
 The Vice Society is the second novel from writer James McCreet first published in May 2010. It is a Victorian detective thriller set in 1840s London and continues a series featuring the characters of George Williamson Noah Dyson and Inspector Albert Newsome.
 The Gods of Pegāna is the first book by Anglo-Irish fantasy writer Lord Dunsany published on a commission basis in 1905. It is considered a major influence on the work of J. R. R. Tolkien H. P. Lovecraft Ursula K. Le Guin and many others. The book was reviewed favourably but as an unusual piece. One of the more influential reviews was by Edward Thomas in the London Daily Chronicle.The book is a series of short stories linked by Dunsany's invented pantheon of deities who dwell in Pegāna.
 Gump & Co. (or Forrest Gump and Co.) is a 1995 novel by Winston Groom. It is the sequel to his novel Forrest Gump (1986) and the Academy Award-winning film Forrest Gump (1994) with Tom Hanks. It was written to chronicle Forrest's life throughout the 1980s.
 Incredible Science Fiction was a science fiction anthology comic published by EC Comics in 1955 and 1956 lasting a total of four issues.
 Mammal Review is a zoology journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Mammal Society covering all areas of mammalian biology and ecology. The journal is edited by Klaus Hackländer with Nancy Jennings as the Managing Editor.The journal has a current Impact Factor of 2.515 13/145 (Zoology) making it a leading journal if the field of mammalogy.
 Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway metro light rail and tram industries worldwide. Available by annual subscription the magazine is read in over 140 countries by transport professionals and decision makers railway managers engineers consultants and suppliers to the rail industry.
 Overqualified is an art project by Canadian writer Joey Comeau in which he wrote a series of cover letters as job applications to companies. The letters were collected into a book and published as Overqualified by ECW Press in 2009. The letters all start off as standard cover letters but quickly turn very dark and almost inevitably reveal the author to be mentally unstable. Excerpts from the book were included in the 2010 Best American Nonrequired Reading.
 Star Wars Episode I Journal: Anakin Skywalker is a 1999 young adult novel by science fiction author Todd Strasser. The novel recounts the events of the film Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace (1999) from the point of view of one of its main characters Anakin Skywalker.The book is published by Scholastic and part of the Star Wars Journal Series. Other titles in the series are Star Wars Episode I Journal: Queen Amidala (1999) and Star Wars Episode I Journal: Darth Maul (2000) by Jude Watson.
 First News is the UK's only newspaper for young people and the widest-read children's publication in the country with a readership of 1047543* seven to 14 year olds every week. It is in tabloid format and aims to present current events and politics in a child-friendly format alongside news on entertainment sport and computer games.
 The PinGame Journal is a publication serving the pinball hobby community. It reports on the manufacture of new games industry and hobby events as well as ways to fix and refurbish both current and classic pinball machines.In early 1991 the primary publication for the pinball hobby was the Pinball Trader Newsletter. Its publisher Dennis Dodel of St. Louis Missouri indicated to his subscribers that after five years of publication he was ready to stop.
 Driven to Distraction is a book by Edward Hallowell and John Ratey which investigates the nature of Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD).
 Vecherniy Brest is a bilingual regional socio-political newspaper published in Brest. It appears on Wednesdays (circulation 12.000-15000) and Fridays (circulation 26000-35000) .
 The Slugger's Game is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in May 1934 issue of Jack Dempsey's Fight Magazine.The story is now in the public domain.
 Ushinawareta Mirai o Motomete (失われた未来を求めて lit. In Search of Lost Future) subtitled À la recherche du futur perdu sometimes abbreviated as Waremete (われめて) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Trumple and released for Windows on November 26 2010. The title is derived from In Search of Lost Time a French novel written by Marcel Proust. A manga adaptation was published by Kadokawa Shoten from 2011 to 2012. An anime adaptation has been announced.
 Till Death Do Us Part is a young adult novel by Lurlene McDaniel published in July 1997. It is about a romance between two young people with serious medical conditions. The sequel also published in 1997 is called For Better For Worse Forever.
 Mahabharata (also known as Amar Chitra Katha's Mahabharata) is a comic adaptation of Indian epic poem Mahabharata. The 42-part best-selling series by Amar Chitra Katha was illustrated by Dilip Kadam.
 The Faux Soir was a spoof issue of the Belgian newspaper Le Soir published on 9 November 1943 by the Front de l'Indépendance a Belgian resistance organisation. Employing the weapons of humour and derision against the Nazi occupiers the Faux Soir was besides an act of resistance which cost the lives of some participants a demonstration of Belgian comedy and of zwanze the characteristic humour of Brussels folk. The incident was the centerpiece for the 1954 film Un Soir de Joie.
 Cool It: The Skeptical Environmentalist's Guide to Global Warming is a book by the Danish statistician and political scientist Bjørn Lomborg. The book is a sequel to The Skeptical Environmentalist (first published in Danish in 1998) which in English translation brought the author to world attention.
 A Voice in the Wind (1993) is a novel by Francine Rivers and the first book in the Mark of the Lion Series.It is the story of a young Christian-Jewish slave named Hadassah living under the Roman Empire. When Hadassah is captured by Roman soldiers her entire family is killed. She serves as a slave to a spoiled young Roman woman named Julia. Although Julia initially dislikes Hadassah because of her plain appearance she comes to trust her.
 Statecraft: Strategies for a Changing World is a book on politics and international relations written by Margaret Thatcher in 2003 and was published by Harper Perennial.
 Philosophy Pathways is an open access peer-reviewed academic journal in philosophy edited by Geoffrey Klempner. It was established in 2001 and is published by the International Society for Philosophers.
 The Facts of Death first published in 1998 was the third novel by Raymond Benson featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond (including Benson's novelization of Tomorrow Never Dies).
 James Bond and Moonraker is a novelization by Christopher Wood of the James Bond film Moonraker. Its name was changed to avoid confusion with Fleming's novel. It was released in 1979.
 Genesis: The Journal of Genetics and Development (often styled genesis) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of genetics and developmental biology. It was established as Developmental Genetics in 1979 and obtained its current title in 2000. In addition to original research articles the journal also publishes letters to the editor and technology reports relevant to the understanding of the functions of genes. The editor-in-chief is Sally A. Moody (George Washington University).
 State of Denial redirects here. For the documentary film about AIDS see State of Denial (film).State of Denial: Bush at War Part III (ISBN 0-7432-7223-4) is a book by Bob Woodward originally due to be published October 2 2006 (but unexpectedly released two days early by the publisher due to demand) that examines how the George W. Bush administration managed the Iraq War after the 2003 invasion.
 The Austin Daily Herald is a general circulation newspaper publishing Monday-Friday afternoons Saturday and Sunday mornings. Distribution is 7000 mostly within Austin Minnesota. It also publishes the Early Edition which is distributed to 16000 households on Sundays free of charge.
 The Rhinelander Daily News is a newspaper based in Rhinelander Wisconsin. The newspaper is published mornings six days per week from Sunday to Friday. It is owned by Northwoods Media LLC. The Daily News is primarily distributed in the Oneida County area. It published a monthly business-to-business publication called Business Watch and Best Years a monthly publication for mature readers.
 The Queen's Journal or simply The Journal is the main student-run newspaper at Queen's University in Kingston Ontario. The paper was founded in 1873 and has been continually publishing ever since. It is as old as the Harvard Crimson the oldest continuously published student newspaper in the United States. The Journal is published twice a week usually on Tuesdays and Fridays. The 2013-2014 editors-in-chief are Janina Enrile and Alison Shouldice.
 Temple of Terror is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Bill Houston and originally published in 1985 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2004. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 14th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031832-1) and 19th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-528-X).
 The Journal of Magnetism and Magnetic Materials is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers both basic research on magnetism and technological applications including magnetic recording. In addition to full-length research articles it publishes review articles and rapid communications (Letters to the Editor). A special section Information Storage: Basic and Applied covers topics on magnetic media. The editor-in-chief is S. D. Bader (Argonne National Laboratory).
 Management Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on all aspects of management related to strategy entrepreneurship innovation information technology and organizations as well as all functional areas of business such as accounting finance marketing and operations. It is published by the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences and was established in 1954 by the Institute's precursor The Institute of Management Sciences.
 Aura: Maryūinkōga Saigo no Tatakai (AURA ～魔竜院光牙最後の闘い～) is a Japanese romantic comedy light novel written by Romeo Tanaka with illustrations by Mebae published on July 18 2008 by Shogakukan under their Gagaga Bunko imprint. A manga adaptation by Kōichirō Hoshino was serialized between the April 2012 and May 2013 issues of Shogakukan's Shōnen Sunday Super. An anime film by AIC ASTA premiered on April 13 2013.
 Blues News is a bi-monthly Finnish blues and roots music magazine. The magazine was founded in 1968 which makes it one of the oldest blues magazine still in print in the world.The magazine is published by Finnish Blues Society (FBS ry). The name of the society changed to Suomen afroamerikkalaisen musiikin yhdistys (SAMY ry) in 1980. In 2006 the name returned to original FBS. Society has a record label Blue North Records.
 Mark Twain Tonight! is a one-man play devised by Hal Holbrook in which he depicts Mark Twain giving a dramatic recitation selected from several of his (Twain's) writings with an emphasis on the comic ones.The recitation's genesis was a show that Holbrook performed with his first wife Ruby where she would interview him portraying famous people in history including Twain.
 JGE: The Journal of General Education is an academic journal devoted to issues regarding general education in the United States. It is published quarterly by the Penn State University Press.
 More Than Human is a 1953 science fiction novel by Theodore Sturgeon. It is a fix-up of his previously published novella Baby is Three with two parts (The Fabulous Idiot and Morality) written especially for the novel.It won the 1954 International Fantasy Award which was also given to works in science fiction. It was additionally nominated in 2004 for a Retro Hugo award for the year 1954.
 Enough About Love is a 2011 American novel by Hervé Le Tellier. The book was translated from French by Adriana Hunter and published by Other Press on February 1 2011.
 Palette of 12 Secret Colors (十二秘色のパレット Jūni Hisoku no Paretto) is a manga authored by Nari Kusakawa. It is published in English by CMX Manga.
 Killer in the Rain refers to a collection of short stories including the eponymous title story written by hard-boiled detective fiction author Raymond Chandler.The collection features eight short stories originally published in pulp magazines between 1935 and 1941. At Chandler's request the stories remained uncollected during his lifetime and save for three which were reprinted without his express permission were not republished until 1964.
 The Washington Afro-American newspaper is the Washington D.C. edition of The Afro-American Newspaper.
 The Detroit News is one of the two major newspapers in the U.S. city of Detroit Michigan. The paper began in 1873 when it rented space in the rival Detroit Free Press's building. The News absorbed the Detroit Tribune on February 1 1919 the Detroit Journal on July 21 1922 and on November 7 1960 it bought and closed the faltering Detroit Times.
 Anne Frank and Me is a 2001 novel by husband-wife writing team Cherie Bennett and Jeff Gottesfeld. Inspired by the life of Anne Frank it follows the story of a teenage girl named Nicole Burns. The story was adapted as a play in 1996 in New York City written and directed by Cherie Bennett.
 The Magician's Apprentice is a fantasy novel by author Trudi Canavan. It was published in February 2009 and is a stand alone prequel telling a story occurring hundreds of years before her bestselling The Black Magician Trilogy. It tells the story of a war between Kyralia and Sachaka through the eyes of Tessia a young woman and magician from a countryside village. The novel won the Aurealis Award 2009 for the best fantasy novel.
 Living in the End Times is book by Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek published by Verso Books in 2010.
 No Refuge Could Save is a short story by Isaac Asimov. It is the second of Asimov's Union Club mystery stories and the first to be anthologised in The Union Club Mysteries. Overall these mysteries are not rated highly but this is considered to be one of the best in the series. It first appeared in the September 1980 issue of Gallery under the title To Spot A Spy.
 Gantz (ガンツ Gantsu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiroya Oku. Gantz tells the story of Kei Kurono and his friend Masaru Kato who die in a train accident and become part of a semi-posthumous game in which they and several other recently deceased people are forced to hunt down and kill aliens armed with a handful of futuristic items equipment and weaponry.
 The Last Gospel (titled The Lost Tomb in the US) is an archaeological adventure novel by David Gibbins. First published in 2008 it is the third book in Gibbins' Jack Howard series. It has been published in more than 20 languages and was a London Sunday Times top-ten bestseller [1] and a New York Times top-ten bestseller [2].
 Holiday is a 1928 play by Philip Barry. The original play went up on November 26 1928 at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre (known as Plymouth Theatre at the time) and closed in June 1929 after 229 performances. It was directed by Arthur Hopkins set design by Robert Edmond Jones and costume design by Margaret Pemberton. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1928-1929.
 A Mind at Peace (Archipelago Books 2008 and 2011; English translation by Erdağ Göknar of Huzur 1949) is an iconic Turkish novel by Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar (1901–62) one of the pioneers of literary modernism in Turkey. Tanpınar was a poet novelist and critic who worked as a professor of Ottoman and Turkish literature at Istanbul University.
 Yaprak Dökümü (The Fall Of Leaves) is a novel by Turkish author and playwright Reşat Nuri Güntekin written in 1930. It is available in an English translation by W. D. Halsey
 Blacker's Art of Fly Making - comprising angling and dyeing of colours with engravings of Salmon and Trout flies shewing the process of the gentle craft as taught in the pages with descriptions of flies for the season of the year as they come out on the water is a work of fly tying literature with significant fly fishing content written by William Blacker a London Tackle dealer and first published in London in 1842 by George Nichols.
 Joy is an international women's magazine started in 1995 with German language edition. Magazine topics are lifestyle trends fashion beauty men. Covers usually feature famous actresses singers and other female entertainers.In Germany the magazine has a circulation of 314036. All of the editions are printed in travel size except Serbian which is printed as a standard sized magazine.
 Quest for the Well of Souls is the third book in the Well of Souls series by the American author Jack L. Chalker and completes the Wars of the Well World duology begun with Exiles at the Well of Souls. A foreword by Chalker indicates that Quest and Exiles were originally conceived as a single book but due to the decision to split them Quest was written to be readable as a standalone novel.
 The Last Night of Ballyhoo is an English comedy play by Alfred Uhry that first premiered in 1996.
 The Great American Novel is a novel by Philip Roth published in 1973.
 The Effingham Daily News is a daily newspaper serving Effingham Illinois and surrounding portions of Clay Cumberland Effingham Fayette Jasper Marion and Shelby counties Illinois. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Four newspapers merged in July 1946 to form the Effingham Daily News -- the Effingham Daily Record Effingham Democrat Effingham Republican and County Review.
 Gals! is a shōjo manga written and illustrated by Mihona Fujii. The manga was serialized in Ribon and published in the U.S. by CMX.An anime adaptation Super Gals! Kotobuki Ran (超GALS!寿蘭 Sūpā Gyaruzu! Kotobuki Ran) aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between 2001 and 2003 running a length of 52 episodes. The anime series was produced by Studio Pierrot and the first season (episodes 1-26) has been licensed and dubbed for North American distribution by ADV Films under the name Super Gals!.
 The Copenhagen Post is a weekly newspaper providing Danish news in English both nationally and internationally; it is the only English-language newspaper published in Denmark. Founded in November 1997 by San Shepherd The Copenhagen Post has a weekly circulation of between 12000 and 15000. The current editor-in-chief is Kevin McGwin.
 Rail Wars! Nihon Kokuyū Tetsudō Kōantai (RAIL WARS! -日本國有鉄道公安隊- lit. Rail Wars! Japanese National Railways Security Force) is a Japanese light novel series written by Takumi Toyoda with illustrations by Vania 600. As of February 2014 eight volumes have been published by Sohgeisha under their Sohgeisha Clear Bunko imprint. A manga adaptation titled Rail Wars! Nihon Kokuyū Tetsudō Kōantai The Revolver began serialization in Mag Garden's Blade Online in 2012.
 Discoveries in Australia; with an account of the coasts and rivers explored and surveyed during the voyage of H.M.S. Beagle in the years 1837-38-39-40-41-42-43 by command of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. Also a narrative of Captain Owen Stanley's visits to the islands in the Arafura Sea. widely known as Discoveries in Australia is an 1846 two-volume work by John Lort Stokes.
 Sim Greene and Tom the Tinker's Men: A Narrative of the Whisky Insurrection Being a Setting Forth of the Memoirs of the Late David Froman Esquire is an historical novel by the American writer Richard Taylor Wiley.It is set in 1790s Western Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh against the backdrop of the Whiskey Rebellion.
 Living With the Dead (The Tale of Old Corpsenberg) is a collection of linked fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer. It was first published in hardcover by PS Publishing in September 2008.The collection consists of five stories three originally published in 2003 and 2004 in Interzone and two first published in the collection together with an introduction by Tim Lebbon.
 Průkopník svobody ('Pioneer of Freedom') was a Czech language newspaper published from Vienna Austria. Průkopník svobody appeared weekly between 1918 and 1926 and bi-weekly 1926-1929.
 The Journal of Religion and Health is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It publishes original articles that deal with mental and physical health in relation to religion and spirituality of all kinds. The journal was established in 1961 by the Blanton-Peale Institute.
 The Weekender is an arts entertainment weekly for Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania and surrounding communities in northeastern PA. It is distributed every Wednesday.The Weekender started as an independent entertainment weekly in 1991. It was purchased by The Times Leader in 1993. Since then the Weekender claims to have grown to be Northeastern Pennsylvania’s #1 Arts & Entertainment Weekly.
 The Monster at the End of This Book: Starring Lovable Furry Old Grover is a post-modern children's picture book based on the television series Sesame Street and starring Grover. It was written by series writer and producer Jon Stone and illustrated by Michael Smollin and originally published by Golden Books in 1971. It has since become the all-time best-selling Sesame Street book title and has been cited as a modern classic of children's literature.
 Canto for a Gypsy is a novel by Martin Cruz Smith (under the name Martin Smith) first published in 1972. It is the follow up to Gypsy in Amber and also has Romano Grey as the main character.
 Computer Physics Communications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier under the North-Holland imprint.The journal focuses on computational methodology numerical analysis and hardware and software development in support of physics and physical chemistry. Associated with the journal is the Computer Physics Communications Program Library. This resource houses computer programs which have been described in the journal.
 The Remnant: On the Brink of Armageddon is the tenth book in the Left Behind series written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins and published in July 2002. It was on The New York Times Best Seller List for 19 weeks. It takes place from 43 months to 6 years into the Tribulation and a month to 2 1/2 years into the Great Tribulation.
 Chemical Reviews is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1924 by the American Chemical Society. It publishes review articles on all aspects of chemistry.
 Dangerous Girls is the first novel in the Dangerous Girls series by R. L. Stine. First published in 2003 the novel was followed by a sequel The Taste of Night in 2004. Dangerous Girls has won awards including the ALA Quick Pick for Reluctant Young Adult Readers and the New York Public Library Book for the Teen Age.In the novel Renz a vampire bites Destiny Weller at Camp Blue Moon. Afterwards she and her twin sister Livvy return home in Dark Springs with a craving for blood.
 The Politics of Anti-Semitism (ISBN 1902593774) is a book edited by Alexander Cockburn and Jeffrey St. Clair and published by AK Press in 2003.Contributors include former U.S.
 No More Dead Dogs is a novel by Gordon Korman published in 2002. Its title alludes to the fact that many books for children and young adults featuring dogs often have the dog die (such as Old Yeller or Where the Red Fern Grows) including the fictional novel that begins to cause the main source of all the character's problems Old Shep My Pal. The main plot revolves around a play based on Old Shep where the ending has been changed to let the dog live.
 The Waves first published in 1931 is Virginia Woolf's most experimental novel. It consists of soliloquies spoken by the book's six characters: Bernard Susan Rhoda Neville Jinny and Louis. Also important is Percival the seventh character though readers never hear him speak through his own voice. The soliloquies that span the characters' lives are broken up by nine brief third-person interludes detailing a coastal scene at varying stages in a day from sunrise to sunset.
 Howl's Moving Castle is a fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones first published in 1986 by Greenwillow Books of New York. It was a runner-up for the annual Boston Globe–Horn Book Award and it won the Phoenix Award twenty years later recognizing its rise from relative obscurity. In 2004 it was adapted as an animated film of the same name which was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.Jones wrote two sequels published in 1990 and 2008.
 Marianne and Mark (1960) by Catherine Storr is a sequel to Marianne Dreams (1958). It and continues the story of the eponymous characters. The novel has far less basis in fantasy than the first book with Storr focusing on the trials of growing up rather than magical happenings although there is arguably a fantastic subtext in Marianne and Mark.
 The Jazz Discography is a print CD-ROM and online discography and sessionography of all categories of recorded jazz — and direct relevant precursors of recorded jazz from 1896. The publisher Lord Music Reference Inc. a British Columbia company is headed by Tom Lord and is based in Chilliwack British Columbia Canada. The initial 26 of 35 print volumes which comprise the discography were released from 1992 to 2001 in alphabetic order.
 Lands Beyond is a study of geographical myths by L. Sprague de Camp and Willy Ley first published in hardcover by Rinehart in 1952 and reissued by Barnes & Noble in 1993. It has been translated into French Spanish Portuguese and Italian. It was the winner of the 1953 International Fantasy Award for nonfiction.
 Trumpet is the debut novel of Scottish writer and poet Jackie Kay.
 Sunfall redirects here; for the sunfall event see sunset.The Collected Short Fiction of C. J. Cherryh is a collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories novelettes and novella written by the United States author C. J. Cherryh between 1977 and 2004. It was first published by DAW Books in 2004.
 Soul Rush: The Odyssey of a Young Woman of the '70s is an autobiography written by Sophia Collier. The book describes the author's personal spiritual development during the 1970s and experimentation with drugs and Eastern spiritual practices. After going on a spiritual journey Collier returned home to write the book in 1976 and sold it at the age of nineteen. The book was published by William Morrow & Co. in 1978.
 Cahiers d'Art is a French artistic and literary journal founded in 1926 by Christian Zervos. Cahiers d'Art is also an eponymous publishing house which has published many monographs on artists living in France in the first half of the twentieth century. Publications include the definitive catalogue of works by Pablo Picasso Pablo Picasso par Christian Zervos in 33 volumes with over 16000 images.Cahiers d'Art carries no advertising and is published on an irregular schedule.
 El Tiempo is a Venezuelan regional newspaper headquartered in Puerto la Cruz in the state of Anzoátegui.The newspaper was launched in 1951 as Voz Caribe a weekly newspaper. It was relaunched as a daily under the new name El Tiempo following the restoration of democracy after the 1958 Venezuelan coup d'état.
 The Hockey Stick and the Climate Wars: Dispatches from the Front Lines is a 2012 book about climate change by the American physicist and climatologist Michael E. Mann. In the book Mann describes how he became a researcher investigating the temperature record of the past 1000 years and was lead author with Raymond S. Bradley and Malcolm K. Hughes on the 1999 reconstruction that was the first to be dubbed the hockey stick graph.
 Layar Terkembang (With Sails Unfurled) is an Indonesian novel by Sutan Takdir Alisjahbana. Published in 1936 or 1937 by Balai Pustaka it tells the story of two sisters and their relationship with a medical student. It has been noted as emphasizing the need for Indonesians to adopt Western values in order to modernize the country.
 The Princess and the Pilot (とある飛空士への追憶 To Aru Hikūshi e no Tsuioku Recollections for a Certain Pilot) is a 2011 Japanese anime film based on the fantasy light novel of the same name by Koroku Inumura. It was released in Japanese cinemas on 1 October 2011.To Aru Hikūshi e no Tsuioku is a joint production by Japanese animation studios Madhouse and TMS Entertainment and it was directed by the director Jun Shishido. The cast of this film was officially revealed on 19 May 2011.
 The Battle with the Dragon (Der Kampf mit dem Drachen) is a 300-verse ballad by Friedrich Schiller divided into 25 stanzas of 12 verses each.
 Ray Bradbury is a collection of short stories by Ray Bradbury edited by Anthony Adams and published by Harrap.
 Murphy's Law is the first novel of the Martin Murphy series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman published on 13 October 2011 through Headline Publishing Group.
 Othello is a manga by Toui Hasumi. It was licensed in English by Digital Manga Publishing and published on 27 June 2007.
 Toxicological Sciences is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal which covers all aspects of research on toxicology. It is published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Toxicology. It was established in 1981 as Fundamental and Applied Toxicology and obtained its current name in 1998. The current editor-in-chief is Gary W. Miller a professor at Emory University and the Managing Editor is Virgina F. Hawkins.
 Chimes of the Heart is a collection of poems written by Travolta Gezi a Zimbabwean poet. The book was published by Re-volution Publishers.
 Voetbal International (VI) is a Dutch football magazine which has been publishing since 1965. It is the oldest Dutch football magazine that is still running.As of 2006 VI is published by WP Sports Media. GM Carolina Pruis runs the magazine and Thijs van Veghel and Tom van Hulsen are the chief editors since the retirement of Johan Derksen at 1 August 2013. The magazine is read by approximately 800000 people every week.
 Tereus (Ancient Greek: Τηρεύς Tēreus) is a Greek play by the Athenian poet Sophocles. Although the play has been lost several fragments have been recovered. Although the date that the play was first produced is not known it is known that it was produced before 414 BCE because the Greek comedic playwright Aristophanes referenced Tereus in his play The Birds which was first performed in 414. Thomas B. L.
 Seventeen is an American magazine for teenagers. It was the first teen magazine established in the United States. The magazine's reader base is 12–19 year-old females. It began as a publication geared towards inspiring teen girls to become role models in work and citizenship. Soon after its debut Seventeen took a more fashion and romance-oriented approach in presenting their material while still maintaining their model of promoting self-confidence in young women.
 The Beacon is the student-run newspaper of Florida International University in Miami Florida and has a circulation of 7500. The Beacon is published thrice weekly in a compact format during the Fall and Spring semesters (Monday Wednesday and Friday) and once a week on Wednesday during the Summer.
 The Nanny Diaries is a 2002 novel by Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus both of whom are former nannies. The book satirizes upper class Manhattan society as seen through the eyes of their children's caregivers.
 Jackpot Comics was the name of an American anthology comic book series published by MLJ Magazines Inc. more commonly known as MLJ Comics for nine issues between Spring 1941 and Spring 1943. It featured new stories of a number of characters previously seen in other MLJ publications.
 The Daily News is an American newspaper based in New York City. It is the fourth most widely circulated daily newspaper in the United States. Being the first U.S. daily printed in tabloid form it was founded in 1919 and as of 2014 is owned and run by Mortimer Zuckerman.
 Respekt (in English Respect) is a weekly newsmagazine in the Czech Republic reporting on domestic and foreign political and economic issues as well as on science and culture.Editors describe Respekt as a liberal paper which stands up for freedom of thought and the need of continuous questioning of its outcomes[citation needed].
 Tall Cool One is the fourth novel in the A-List series by Zoey Dean. It was released in 2005 by Little Brown.
 Punisher: In the Blood is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. The Punisher will face in the final battle against Jigsaw. The series was released in 2010 written by Rick Remender.
 A' Cleachdadh na Gàidhlig: slatan-tomhais ann an dìon cànain sa choimhearsnachd is a collection of essays edited by Richard A.V. Cox and Timothy Currie Armstrong addressing the current state of the Gaelic language and assessing efforts to effect language revitalization in Gaelic-speaking communities in Scotland. This book is ground-breaking on several counts.
 Don't Blame Me (俺は悪くない Ore wa Warukunai) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga's two bound volumes through its imprint Juné between March 25 and June 24 2008. Houbunsha releases the manga three tankōbon volumes between June 2000 and October 2000.
 Prayers for Bobby: A Mother's Coming to Terms with the Suicide of Her Gay Son is a book by Leroy F. Aarons that outlines a mother's experience in coming to terms with the suicide of her gay son. On 24 January 2009 the TV film Prayers for Bobby an adaptation of the book starring Sigourney Weaver and Ryan Kelley in the title role as Bobby was shown on the Lifetime cable network.
 Haunted Junction (HAUNTEDじゃんくしょん) is a comedy anime and manga series created by Nemu Mukudori. The manga was serialized in the monthly manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao! by MediaWorks from 1996 to 2001. The anime produced by Bandai Visual and Studio Deen aired between 2 April 1997 and 25 June 1997.
 Flight of the Hawk is the eighteenth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on April 6 1998 by Random House.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventeenth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0-312-26417-8) is a science fiction anthology which was compiled by Gardner Dozois and published in 2000. It won the Locus Award for best anthology in 1991.
 Love Pistols is a Japanese yaoi manga series written and illustrated by Tarako Kotobuki. The English release was renamed from the original Japanese title Sex Pistols to avoid any legal trouble. The premise of the story is that 30% of humans are not descended from apes but from other animals (these people are called Zoomans) and they can interbreed with humans and with other male Zoomans by the use of a symbiote.
 Journal of Applied Non-Classical Logics is a peer reviewed journal published in the United Kingdom by Taylor & Francis.The editor-in-chief for 2009 is Luis Fariñas del Cerro.
 The Palm Canyon Times was a bi-weekly newspaper and magazine primarily for Palm Springs California and the adjoining cities in Palm Springs areas of the Coachella Valley. The newspaper was named after the main valley thoroughfare called Palm Canyon Drive within Palm Springs. As a community newspaper it focused on local personalities community leaders and businesses charitable organizations and upcoming events in the community.
 Any Human Heart: The Intimate Journals of Logan Mountstuart is a 2002 novel by William Boyd a Scottish writer. It is written as a lifelong series of journals kept by Mountstuart a writer whose life (1906–1991) spanned the defining episodes of the 20th century crossed several continents and included a convoluted sequence of relationships and literary endeavours.
 Corsair is the 6th novel in The Oregon Files by Clive Cussler and Jack Du Brul. The book follows the corporation team's mission to recover the US Secretary of State Fiona Katamora before the upcoming peace summit. They discover that all is not as it seems and that the plane crash that brought her down may not have been an accident. The corporation must battle terrorists with a foothold in the Libyan government while uncovering the identity of their hidden leader.
 Monster Retsuden Oreca Battle (モンスター烈伝 オレカバトル Monsutā Retsuden Oreka Batoru) is a Japanese trading card arcade game by Konami released in March 2012. A manga adaptation began serialization in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comic in June 2012. An anime adaptation has been announced and is scheduled to air from April 7 2014 alongside Dragon Collection another Konami video game adaptation.
 Gladiator: Son of Spartacus is the third book in the Gladiator Series by Simon Scarrow.
 For the British magazine see Your Computer (British magazine).Your Computer was an Australian computer magazine (ISSN 0725-3931) published by the White House Publishing Group[citation needed] (under licence from Motorword Pty Ltd.) and printed by The Lithgo Centre Waterloo. Starting with the very first issue in May/June 1981 (102 pages) (with a limited print run of 30000) at the recommended price of $2.00.
 Toxicon is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of toxinology and the official journal of the International Society on Toxinology. It is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Alan L. Harvey. It aims to publish original research novel findings and review papers on toxins and their chemical toxicological pharmacological and immunological properties.The journal was established in 1962.
 Colonel Quaritch V.C.: A Tale of Country Life is a 1888 novel by H Rider Haggard.
 Terminal World is a 2010 science fiction novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds (ISBN 978-0-575-07718-8). It is a standalone novel set in the distant future and it chronicles the journey of Quillon a pathologist forced into exile. The Gollancz hardcover edition of the book was published in March 2010 in the United Kingdom. The Ace Books hardcover edition was published in June 2010 in the United States.
 Rocket to the Moon is a 1938 play by the American playwright Clifford Odets. Originally produced by the Group Theatre at Broadway's Belasco Theatre directed by Harold Clurman it starred Morris Carnovsky and Ruth Warrick. It was adapted for television by the BBC in 1986 with John Malkovich Judy Davis Eli Wallach William Hootkins and Connie Booth in the lead roles.
 London Film Location Guide is a book written by Simon R. H. James in October 2007 covering the locations of films shot in London and first published by Batsford an imprint of Anova Books. The author a Latin teacher and the author of a number of texts on Latin had researched the subject for ten years in order to make the book a comprehensive film and street index covering over 750 films and 1500 London streets.
 How to Eat Fried Worms is the title of a children's book written by Thomas Rockwell first published in 1973. It was later turned into a CBS Storybreak episode in the mid-1980s and a movie of the same name in 2006.
 The Dungeons & Dragons Gazetteer (ISBN 0-7869-1742-3) is a supplement to the 3rd edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game.
 The Gentle Vultures is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the December 1957 issue of Super-Science Fiction and was reprinted in the 1959 collection Nine Tomorrows.The story is one of a number that Asimov wrote expressing his abhorrence of the cold war nuclear arms race but its lightly ironic flavor has earned it more positive critical responses than those drawn by the bitter moralism of Silly Asses and Darwinian Pool Room.
 Archie's TV Laugh-Out was a comic book published by Archie Comics from 1969 to 1986. Sabrina the Teenage Witch appears in all 106 issues and this title served as a transition for her from Archie's Mad House to her own title. In addition to Sabrina the title features regular appearances by the Archie gang and Josie and the Pussycats.
 At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels is a collection of stories by American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was originally published in 1964 by Arkham House in edition of 3552 copies.The collection was revised in 1986 by S. T. Joshi replacing the introduction by August Derleth for one by Joshi and another by James Turner. It was published in an edition of 3990 copies.
 Published in 1912 The Financier a novel by Theodore Dreiser is the first volume of the Trilogy of Desire which includes The Titan (1914) and The Stoic (1947).
 The Confidence-Man: His Masquerade (1857) was the ninth and last novel by American writer Herman Melville. Published on April 1 (presumably the exact day of the novel's setting) The Confidence-Man was Melville's tenth work in eleven years (one work being a short story collection). The novel portrays a Canterbury Tales-style group of steamboat passengers whose interlocking stories are told as they travel down the Mississippi River toward New Orleans.
 An Antarctic Mystery (French: Le Sphinx des glaces The Sphinx of the Ice Fields) is an 1897 two-volume novel by Jules Verne and is a response to Edgar Allan Poe's 1838 novel The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket.
 Truckin' Turtles is a supplement for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness role-playing game. It was published by Palladium Books in 1989 and uses the Palladium Megaversal system. It is largely a collection of adventure concepts that take the players across the United States with various wide-ranging themes. It explains mutants and their societies outside of the setting of the original rule book.
 Messrs. Glembay. A drama in three acts from the life of one Agremerian Patrician family (Serbo-Croatian: Gospoda Glembajevi. Drama u tri čina iz života jedne agramerske patricijske obitelji) is a play in three acts by the Croatian author Miroslav Krleža. The play is divided into three acts dealing with the events and the rift within the family Glembay. Messrs. Glembay is the first of three plays in the Glembay cycle which includes the dramas In Agony and Leda.
 The Hana to Yume (Japanese: ザ花とゆめ Hepburn: Za Hana to Yume) is a Japanese shōjo manga magazine that has been published on the 26th of each odd-month by Hakusensha.The magazine serves as a supplementary issue to the larger magazine Hana to Yume featuring one-shots or side stories of series running in Hana to Yume. There are series running irregularly in the magazine.
 The Wonderful Country (aka The Wonderful Country A Novel) is a 1952 Western novel written by Tom Lea. The book is set in Chihuahua and Sonora Mexico and Texas and New Mexico in the United States. It was filmed in 1959.After the financial success of The Brave Bulls Lea wanted to write a story that he had been thinking about since he was a child ...write about this borderland and about the people on both sides of the river.
 The Call is an American daily newspaper published seven days per week in Woonsocket Rhode Island covering northern Providence County Rhode Island and some adjacent towns in Massachusetts.Originally an afternoon newspaper known as The Evening Call the Woonsocket paper has published seven mornings a week since the 1990s. It is owned by RISN Operations Inc.
 My Brother is the biography of Muhammad Ali Jinnah the founder of Pakistan by his sister Fatima Jinnah. It is thought that the publication of Hector Bolitho's book Jinnah Creator of Pakistan in 1954 prompted Miss Jinnah to write about her brother as it was felt that Bolitho's book had failed to bring out the political aspects of her brother's life. It was published by the Quaid-i-Azam Academy in 1987.
 Coalition Chronicle was a monthly military magazine of stories and news briefs about military members in Iraq. It was produced by Multi-National Corps - Iraq (MNC-I) Public Affairs on Camp Victory Iraq and has a distribution of exactly 10000 copies throughout the Iraq theater of operations for coalition service members. It was the first-ever theater-wide magazine in Iraq dedicated to publishing information and stories representational of each country in the coalition serving in Iraq.
 Natsuko's Sake (夏子の酒 Natsuko no Sake) is a Japanese manga series by Akira Oze. It was adapted into a live-action television series in 1994.
 Catabolic Magic is a 2004 fantasy short story by Richard Harland.
 Symvoulos Epicheiriseon (Greek: Σύμβουλος Επιχειρήσεων English: Council of Businesses) is a newspaper that features mainly economic news from the Patras area. It is based in Patras in Achaea southwestern Greece. It was first published in 1987 and was a monthly newspaper until 1994 it became biweekly during that time. Since 2000 it appears weekly.
 Bosoms and Neglect is a play by American playwright John Guare first staged in 1979 at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago Illinois.
 Karasu Tengu Kabuto (鴉天狗カブト lit. Crow Goblin Kabuto) is a manga and anime series created by Buichi Terasawa in 1987.
 Bow Wow Wata (ガウガウわー太 Gaugau Wāta) is a manga by Kazumi Umekawa that was initially serialized in Weekly Comic Bunch from 2001 throughout 2004. After the serialization was pulled from Comic Bunch it was picked up by Comic Rex where it was retitled Gaugau Wāta 2 continuing its publication as a monthly serial until 2009. A short-lived English adaptation was published by Gutsoon! Entertainments Raijin Comics which were released in January and May 2004.
 City at the End of Time is a 2008 science fiction novel by American writer Greg Bear. It was published in August 2008 by Del Rey in the United States and Gollancz in the United Kingdom. The story follows three drifters in present-day Seattle who are tormented by strange dreams of the Kalpa a city one hundred trillion years in the future.
 The Killing of Worlds is a science fiction novel by Scott Westerfeld.The events detailed below immediately follow those of the novel The Risen Empire.Imperial Captain Laurent Zai is sent on a suicide mission to defeat an incursion by the Rix a space-faring nation who worship planet-sized artificial intelligences (AIs). The planet he is protecting from the Rix is home to a newly emergent AI named Alexander which the local population is helpless to remove.
 A Great Game: The Forgotten Leafs and the Rise of Professional Hockey is a 2013 non-fiction book by Stephen Harper concerning the history of professional ice hockey in Canada during the early 20th century.
 NZ Classic Car is a monthly automotive magazine and website that covers all things related to classic and historic cars events clubs and related car culture in New Zealand and to a lesser extent Australia.It was the first magazine to be published after the inception of Parkside Media.[citation needed] The publication began as a simple idea to put local classic car owners in touch with shows events car clubs and trade professionals and the people chosen to write for the magazine and to highlight the local classic car scene were all passionate about the subject all of them being classic car owners themselves.[citation needed]It is one of the longest running motoring magazines in New Zealand and is the third biggest selling car magazine behind NZ Performance Car and NZ Autocar.The magazine celebrated its 200th issue in August 2007. 
 Years of Red Dust is a collection of short stories by Qiu Xiaolong. The book in English was published in 2010; but the stories were originally published in Le Monde and a book in French was published in 2008.It is a story about China between 1949 and 2005 told through the Red Dust neighbourhood in Shanghai according to the author.
 Tayutama: Kiss on my Deity (タユタマ -Kiss on my Deity-) is a Japanese visual novel developed by Lump of Sugar. It was first released as an adult game for Windows PCs on July 11 2008 in both limited and regular editions and was later followed by an Xbox 360 version. Tayutama is Lump of Sugar's third title after their previous titles Nursery Rhyme and Itsuka Todoku Ano Sora ni.
 Freies Volk ('Free People') was a newspaper published daily from Düsseldorf West Germany 1949-1956. Freies Volk was printed at Freier Verlag GmbH Ackerstrasse 114.The first issue of Freies Volk was published on January 3 1949. Freies Volk replaced Die Freiheit an organ of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) in Düsseldorf that had been banned in October 1948 following sharp criticisms against the Allied occupation powers.
 Weekly Manga Times (週刊漫画TIMES Shūkan Manga Taimusu) is a Japanese weekly seinen manga magazine published by Houbunsha since November 1956. The publisher claims it was Japan's first weekly manga magazine and the magazine is published every Friday. While its name resembles that of its sister magazine Manga Time it does not publish yonkoma manga. The magazine is also known by the nickname Shūman (週漫) and uses the slogan Live Happily Once a Week! (一週間をユカイに生きる! Isshūkan o Yukai ni Ikiru!).
 Perfect is a young adult novel written by American author Ellen Hopkins. Like all of Ellen Hopkin's works the novel is unusual for its free verse format. Perfect is the sequel to Impulse.
 David Suzuki: The Autobiography is the 2006 autobiography of Canadian science writer and broadcaster David Suzuki. The book focuses mostly on his life since the 1987 publication of his first autobiography Metamorphosis: Stages in a Life. It begins with a chronological account of his childhood academic years and broadcasting career.
 Sources of the Self: The Making of the Modern Identity is a work of philosophy by Charles Taylor published in 1989 by Harvard University Press. It is an attempt to articulate and to write a history of the modern identity.
 Majestic Prince (マジェスティックプリンス Majesutikku Purinsu) is a Japanese manga written by Rando Ayamine and illustrated by Hikaru Niijima. An anime adaptation was announced in the November 2012 issue of Weekly Hero's magazine under the expanded title of Galactic Armored Fleet Majestic Prince (銀河機攻隊 マジェスティックプリンス Ginga Kikōtai Majesutikku Purinsu). The anime has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
 El Malpensante (Spanish: The Misthinker) is a Colombian literary magazine of reportage commentary criticism essays fiction satire cartoons graphic art and poetry founded in 1996 by Andrés Hoyos Restrepo and Mario Jursich Durán.
 Queer Visitors from the Marvelous Land of Oz was a newspaper comic strip written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by Walt McDougall a political cartoonist for the Philadelphia North American. Queer Visitors appeared in the North American the Chicago Record-Herald and other newspapers from 28 August 1904 to 26 February 1905.
 Anthropology Today is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Anthropological Institute. The journal was established in 1985 and publishes papers that apply anthropological analyses to areas such as education medicine and development and link anthropology to other academic disciplines.
 The Old New Land (German: Altneuland; Hebrew: תֵּל־אָבִיב Tel Aviv Mound of spring) is a utopian novel published by Theodor Herzl the founder of political Zionism in 1902. Outlining Herzl’s vision for a Jewish state in the Land of Israel Altneuland became one of Zionism's establishing texts. It was translated into Yiddish by Israel Isidor Elyashev.
 Jours de France is a defunct French news magazine which was created and belonged to French industrialist Marcel Dassault. It succeeded to an earlier magazine called Semaine de France and was originally intended as a competitor to Paris Match.
 JLA/Avengers (Issues #2 and #4 titled Avengers/JLA) is a comic book limited series and crossover published in prestige format by DC Comics and Marvel Comics from September 2003 to May 2004. The series was written by Kurt Busiek with art by George Pérez. The series features the two companies' teams of superheroes DC Comics' Justice League of America and Marvel's Avengers.
 Word Ways: The Journal of Recreational Linguistics is a quarterly magazine on recreational linguistics and logology. It was established by Dmitri Borgmann in 1968 at the behest of Martin Gardner. A. Ross Eckler Jr. was editor until 2006 when he was succeeded by Jeremiah Farrell (Butler University).
 Ainge (1981) is an out of print non-fiction book by author Orson Scott Card. It is a biography of star basketball player Danny Ainge. Two thousand copies were printed distributed only in Provo Utah United States.
 Ultimate Comics: Thor is a comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in October 2010. The series takes place in the alternative Ultimate Marvel universe. Based on the Ultimate Comics version of the Norse god Thor the series was written by Jonathan Hickman current writer of Fantastic Four S.H.I.E.L.D. and Secret Warriors with art by Carlos Pacheco.
 XY was a gay male youth-oriented magazine published in the United States of America from 1996 to 2007. Its name was a reference to the XY chromosome pair found in males. XY magazine ceased publication in 2007 and its web site XY.com went offline in 2009. Much of the original staff went on to publish B Magazine.
 Joseph Andrews or The History of the Adventures of Joseph Andrews and of his Friend Mr. Abraham Adams was the first published full-length novel of the English author and magistrate Henry Fielding and indeed among the first novels in the English language. Published in 1742 and defined by Fielding as a 'comic epic poem in prose' it is the story of a good-natured footman's adventures on the road home from London with his friend and mentor the absent-minded parson Abraham Adams.
 The Rivers of Zadaa is the sixth novel in the Pendragon series by D. J. MacHale.
 New Spotlight Magazine is a national fortnightly news magazine that discusses the political economic social cultural and ecological issues of Nepal.
 Talsu Vēstis is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 What's Done in the Dark is a play written and directed by American playwright Tyler Perry. The show first opened in September 2006. The play is a mixture of comedy drama and music set in a hospital emergency room and focuses on two nurses one of whom is a single mother and the other of whom is having an affair with a doctor and an eccentric hypochondriac patient who is in fact Mr. Brown. The DVD was released on February 12 2008.
 Eek & Meek was a comic strip by Howie Schneider which ran from 1965 to 2000 syndicated by Newspaper Enterprise Association.The strip featured the foibles of the two title characters. Eek an aggressive alcoholic was always seen with a bowler hat and a beard stubble. Meek was exactly as his name implies.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 6 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in November 1980.
 The War in the Air a novel by H. G. Wells written in four months in 1907 and serialised and published in 1908 in The Pall Mall Magazine is like many of Wells's works notable for its prophetic ideas images and concepts—in this case the use of the aircraft for the purpose of warfare and the coming of World War I. The novel's hero is Bert Smallways a forward-thinking young man and a kind of bicycle engineer of the let's-'ave-a-look-at-it and enamel-chipping variety.
 The Ill-Made Knight is the third book in the epic novel The Once and Future King by T. H. White. It was first published in 1940 but is usually found today only in collected editions of all four books of the novel.
 Blue Drop (ブルー ドロップ Burū Doroppu) is a Japanese science fiction yuri manga created by Akihito Yoshitomi. It comprises five chapters that were serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao! from June 2004 to December 2005 and later collected into a single volume. In 2007 Yoshitomi began to work on a new Blue Drop manga titled Blue Drop: Tenshi no Bokura (BLUE DROP ～天使の僕ら～) which was serialized in the manga magazine Champion Red between February 19 2007 and January 19 2008.
 The Book of Southern Tang or sometimes called Lu's Book of Southern Tang (陸氏南唐書) to distinguish it from the earlier Ma's Book of Southern Tang was a Chinese historiography book written by Lu You in c. 1184. It has 18 chapters. In 1328 under the Yuan Dynasty Qi Guang added a phonetic commentary chapter.It is considered the most authoritative book on Southern Tang history.
 Nonna Abelarda (literally Grandma Abelarda) is a comic fictional character created by Giovan Battista Carpi.Abelarda first appeared in 1955 as a side character in the Volpetto comic strips; from 1957 to 1991 she also was the main focus of the comic book series Soldino in the role of nurse and bodyguard of the title character.
 The Zoot Suit Murders by Thomas Sanchez is a murder mystery set in Los Angeles of the 1940s and employing the true historical events of the Zoot suit riots as a backdrop.
 A Very Private Plot is a 1994 Blackford Oakes novel by William F. Buckley Jr.. It is the tenth of 11 novels in the series.
 The Spellcoats (1979) is the third published novel in Diana Wynne Jones's series Dalemark Quartet but chronologically the first. The story takes place several thousand years before Cart and Cwidder and Drowned Ammet. The time period is referred to as prehistoric Dalemark because by the time of the other books only legends remain from this time.
 Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead is an absurdist existentialist tragicomedy by Tom Stoppard first staged at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 1966. The play expands upon the exploits of two minor characters from Shakespeare's Hamlet the courtiers Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. The action of Stoppard's play takes place mainly in the wings of Shakespeare's with brief appearances of major characters from Hamlet who enact fragments of the original's scenes.
 Inc. magazine founded in 1979 and based in New York City is a monthly publication focused on growing companies. The magazine publishes an annual list of the 500 fastest-growing private companies in the U.S. the Inc. 500.
 There is also a 1955 juvenile science fiction novel of this name by W. E. Johns.The title 'Return to Mars' was used by authors Anthony Pollock and Brian Crowley in 1989 published by Magistra (Australia) as non-fiction.Return to Mars is a science fiction novel by Ben Bova. This novel is part of the Grand Tour series of novels. It was first published in 1999 and is a sequel to Ben Bova's novel Mars.
 Canadian Home & Country magazine was launched in the 1980s to offer readers decorating and style advice for their traditional Canadian homes. The magazine was relaunched in 2000 as Canada's magazine about country homes and style. Article topics include home décor recipes antiques and collectibles and style advice.
 Vision in White is the first book of the Bride Quartet series by Nora Roberts. It focuses around the character of photographer Mackensie Mac Elliot.
 The Great Helmsman is a 2007 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang. It deals with two women who are debating who will be chosen for a night with Chairman Mao Zedong. The play premiered as part of the production Ten a night of short plays. It premiered April 30 2007 at the Joseph Papp Public Theater. It was directed by Lloyd Suh.It is published as part of 2007: The Best Ten-Minute Plays for Three or More Actors by Smith and Kraus.
 Sinister Wisdom is a multicultural lesbian literary and art journal by and for lesbians. The magazine is the oldest surviving lesbian literary journal; now more than 30 years in print. Sinister Wisdom is published quarterly in Berkeley California and provides free subscriptions to incarcerated and institutionalized women as well as reduced-price subscriptions for lesbians with limited/fixed incomes.
 Christology: A Biblical Historical and Systematic Study of Jesus is a 2009 theological book by the Australian Jesuit priest and academic Gerald O'Collins. This work was originally published in 1995 with the title Christology: A Biblical Historical and Systematic Study of Jesus Christ but the author thoroughly revised the whole text in 2009 to take account of the numerous biblical historical and systematic studies of Jesus that appeared since it first edition.
 The Kingdoms of Terror is the sixth book in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever. This is the first book in the Magnakai portion of the series which begins after Lone Wolf has spent three years studying the Book of the Magnakai.
 Psychology in Russia: State of the Art is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering theoretical and empirical research in psychology in Russia. The journal is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO and Scopus. The editors-in-chief are Yury P. Zinchenko and Viktor F. Petrenko (Moscow State University).
 Short Eyes is a 1974 drama written by playwright Miguel Piñero. The play premiered off-Broadway at the Joseph Papp Public Theater on 28 February 1974 and transferred after 54 performances to the Vivian Beaumont Theater on Broadway on 23 May 1974. Short Eyes prison slang for a pedophile was written for a prisoners' writing workshop during Pinero's incarceration for armed robbery.
 Ultimate Adventures was a six-issue comic book written by Ron Zimmerman and drawn by Duncan Fegredo and published by Marvel Comics. It starred Hawk-Owl and Woody two characters who were purposefully designed as blatant parodies of Batman and Robin. At the time of its publication it was the only Ultimate title to introduce characters who were not explicitly based on pre-existing Marvel characters.
 One Summer: America 1927 is a 2013 history book by Bill Bryson. The book is a history of the summer of 1927 in the United States. It was published in October 2013 by Doubleday.
 Noordhollands Dagblad is a Dutch newspaper covering North Holland in the northwest of the country.
 The Curious Sofa is a classic 1961 book by Edward Gorey published under the pen name Ogdred Weary (an anagram). The book is a pornographic illustrated story about furniture (according to the cover). According to reviews there is nothing overtly sexual in the illustrations although innuendos (and strategically deployed urns and tree branches) abound. The New York Times Book Review described it as Gorey’s naughty hilarious travesty of lust.
 Mayhem on Bear Creek is a collection of Western short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1979 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1900 copies. The stories had not previously been collected.
 The Lost Dog is a 2007 novel by Australian writer Michelle de Kretser.
 My Idea of Fun is the second novel by Will Self and was published in 1993.
 Aramis or the Love of Technology was written by French sociologist/anthropologist Bruno Latour. Aramis was originally published in French in 1993; the English translation by Catherine Porter copyrighted in 1996 ISBN 978-0-674-04323-7 is now in its fourth edition (2002). Latour describes his text as scientifiction which he describes as a hybrid genre... for a hybrid task (p. ix).
 Billionaire Boy is a children's fiction book published on 28 October 2010 by HarperCollins and written by David Walliams and illustrated by Tony Ross. The story follows Joe Spud who is the richest boy in the world and has everything he could ever want. But there is one thing that Joe really needs: a friend. The book has also been released as an unabridged audiobook by Audible.com read by David Walliams on CD and as a digital download.
 Elaph (in Arabic إيلاف meaning Coming together in Arabic) is the first daily Arab independent online newspaper and is not associated with any established print or broadcast medium.
 More launched in September 1998 is a women's lifestyle magazine published 10 times a year by the Meredith Corporation with a rate base of 1.3 million and a circulation of 1.8 million.[citation needed] A Canadian version was published under license by Transcontinental from 2007 to 2012.More also produces the More Magazine/Fitness Magazine Women's Half-Marathon a NYC event in partnership with the New York Road Runners Escape with More at the Miraval Arizona Resort and Spa and the Fierce and Fabulous Girls Night Out event series. 
 Arkansas Highways is a magazine that contains updates and information as well as artistic photographs related to the state of Arkansas and the Arkansas Highway System. It is published biannually in Little Rock Arkansas by the public affairs division of the Arkansas State Highway and Transportation Department (AHTD).
 Historia de Belgrano y de la Independencia Argentina (in Spanish History of Belgrano and of the Independence of Argentina) is an Argentine history book written by Bartolomé Mitre. It is mainly a biography of Manuel Belgrano but the author expanded the scope into the whole Argentine War of Independence where Belgrano was involved. It was the first book about the history of Argentina and as such it was the starting point of the historiography of Argentina.
 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nightdress is a 2006 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the fifth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 The Insider (Russian: Инсайдер) is the final book of the science fiction literary cycle Empire of Weia by Russian writer Yulia Latynina.This novel was published in 1999 in Olma-Press (Russia).
 Wondrous Strange a teen fantasy novel and the first book by author Lesley Livingston. It was published in trade paperback on January 13 2009 by HarperCollins Canada Ltd.
 The Problem of the Old Gristmill (1975) is a mystery short story by Edward D. Hoch. It is the second story featuring Dr. Sam Hawthorn and one of the few that does not contain an impossible murder although an impossible crime does occur.
 Beverly Hills Weekly is the free weekly tabloid-sized newspaper serving Beverly Hills CA. It was founded on October 7 1999. The publisher is Josh E. Gross son of television writer Jack Gross Jr. The paper has been described as the go-to publication for reporting on school information birth announcements local government issues and opinions in Beverly Hills.
 Woman's World is the title of a 2005 novel by Graham Rawle. It is unique for having been created entirely from fragments of text clipped from 1960s women's magazines.The book describes itself (in its subtitle) as a graphic novel but anyone expecting a graphic novel in the comic book tradition will be surprised: the novel is a graphic novel in the sense that it has been constructed visually from cutouts of various 60's women's magazines.
 Limes is a monthly Italian geopolitical magazine. It has two sister publications: the English-language Heartland Eurasian Review of Geopolitics and the Serbo-Croatian Limesplus.
 The Book of the Damned was the first published nonfiction work of the author Charles Fort (first edition 1919).
 Ingeniøren (full name: Nyhedsmagasinet Ingeniøren literally The News Magazine The Engineer) is a Danish weekly newspaper specialising in engineering topics. It covers science and technology issues as well as political topics and debate related to engineering.The corresponding magazines are Ny Teknik in Sweden and Teknisk Ukeblad in Norway.
 Fire on the Mountain is a 1962 novel by Edward Abbey. It was Abbey's third published novel and followed Jonathan Troy and The Brave Cowboy.The hero of the story is John Vogelin a New Mexico rancher whose land is about to be condemned by the United States Air Force who want to use his land to expand a bombing range. He is the last holdout among the several people whose land the Air Force wants and he refuses to move.
 Materials is a monthly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering materials science and engineering. It was established in 2008 and is published by MDPI. The editor-in-chief is Maryam Tabrizian (McGill University). The journal publishes reviews regular research papers short communications and book reviews. There are occasional special issues.
 Flashman and the Dragon is a 1985 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the eighth of the Flashman novels.
 The Monist: An International Quarterly Journal of General Philosophical Inquiry is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of philosophy. It was established in October 1890 by Edward C. Hegeler.
 The Titan is a collection of science-fiction short stories by the American writer P. Schuyler Miller. It was first published by Fantasy Press in 1952 in an edition of 2069 copies. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Marvel Tales Astounding Weird Tales Amazing Stories and Wonder Stories. Miller recreated and revised the title piece (whose serialization was never finished) from an early longhand draft because the original manuscript had been lost.
 European Neuropsychopharmacology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It is the official journal of the European College of Neuropsychopharmacology. It was established in November 1990 and covers clinical and basic research relevant to the effects of centrally acting agents in its broadest sense.
 Feminist Theology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Theology. The journal's editors are Lisa Isherwood (University of Winchester) Lillalou Hughes Beverley Clack (Westminster Institute of Education) and Janet Wootton. It has been in publication since 1992 and is published by SAGE Publications in association with the Britain and Ireland School of Feminist Theology (BISFT).
 Premier Youthwork (previously Youthwork) is an evangelical Christian magazine published monthly in the United Kingdom by Premier.The magazine started life in the early 1990s as a supplement of Premier Christianity magazine (known as Alpha at that time). Its prominence in Alpha was due to editor John Buckeridge who had joined the Alpha team in 1989.
 Modelland is a young adult novel written by model Tyra Banks published in 2011.
 History of Joseph Smith by His Mother is a biography of the Latter Day Saint prophet Joseph Smith according to his mother Lucy Mack Smith. It was originally titled Biographical Sketches of Joseph Smith the Prophet and His Progenitors for Many Generations and was published by Orson Pratt in Liverpool in 1853.
 Not Quite the Diplomat: Home Truths About World Affairs is a book by Chris Patten published by Allen Lane in September 2005. Patten was the last Governor of Hong Kong and afterwards became Europe's Commissioner for External Relations.
 Wild Animal Baby is a magazine for children published by the National Wildlife Federation. The magazine is targeted to children ages 2-4 and consists of readings pictures and games designed to teach children about animals. The National Wildlife Federation also publishes Ranger Rick and Your Big Backyard which are geared towards older children.Each issue of Wild Animal Baby features a particular animal on the cover and has multiple features that recur in each issue.
 The Journal of Early Childhood Research is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on child health early education pediatrics psychology social work sociology and teaching in early childhood. The editor-in-chief is Cathy Nutbrown (University of Sheffield). It was established in 2003 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 City of Fallen Angels is the fourth book in the The Mortal Instruments series by Cassandra Clare. The series was meant to end with City of Glass; it was announced in March 2010 that a fourth book would be added with Cassandra Clare later saying that she views this as a second trilogy in the series. The book was released on April 5 2011.
 The Historical Atlas of China (Chinese: 中国歷史地圖集) is an 8-volume work published in Beijing between 1982 and 1988. It contains 304 maps and 70000 placenames in total.
 Grotesque is ostensibly a crime novel by Japanese writer Natsuo Kirino most famous for her novel Out. It was published in English in 2007 translated by Rebecca Copeland. Publisher Knopf censored the American translation removing a section involving underage male prostitution as it was considered too taboo for U. S. audiences.
 The Journal of Democracy is a quarterly academic journal established in 1990 and an official publication of the National Endowment for Democracy's International Forum for Democratic Studies. It covers the study of democracy democratic regimes and pro-democracy movements throughout the world.In addition to scholarly research and analysis the journal incorporates reports from activists on the ground updates on elections and reviews of recent literature in the field.
 The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists is a nontechnical online magazine that covers global security and public policy issues related to the dangers posed by nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction climate change and emerging technologies. It has been published continuously since 1945 when it was founded by former Manhattan Project physicists after the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki as the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists of Chicago.
 Death into Life is a 1946 novel by Olaf Stapledon. Not strictly science fiction (the genre into which Stapledon's works are usually classified) the novel is described as an imaginative treatment of the problem of survival after death.
 Siasi or Ciaci (Persian: سیاسی‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Mohammadhasan Saes(known as Shahidzadeh) and it was published in Shiraz since 1910.
 Frederica is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer. The story is set in 1818. The plot is typical of several later Heyer romances in counterpointing the courtships of an older and a younger couple with variation provided by the antics of Frederica's younger brothers and their boisterous mongrel.
 Evangelicals Now is a monthly evangelical Christian newspaper based in Surrey England. The magazine was started in 1986 by Bob Horn (with the support of Sir Fred Catherwood) and the current editor is John Benton who is also the pastor of Chertsey Street Baptist Church in Guildford. A readers survey in 2002 suggested that the magazine has about 6500 readers — mainly from Evangelical Free Baptist and Church of England churches.
 Love You Forever is a Canadian picture book written by Robert Munsch and published in 1986. It tells the story of the evolving relationship between a boy and his mother.The book was written after Munsch and his wife had two stillborn babies. They have since become adoptive parents of three.
 Nephilim (ネフィリム Nefirimu) is a shōjo manga by Anna Hanamaki. It was serialized in Nemurenu Yoru no Kimyō na Hanashi from 2004 to 2005 with the individual chapters published in two tankōbon volumes by Asahi Sonorama.It is licensed for an English language release in the United States by Aurora Publishing which began releasing the series in April 2008.
 Los Angeles magazine is a monthly regional magazine of national stature. Published by Emmis Communications and produced monthly since the spring of 1961 LA Magazine is a combination of award-winning feature writing investigative reporting service journalism and design the definitive resource and indispensable guide for Angelenos.
 Oh! Edo Rocket (Japanese: 大江戸ロケット Hepburn: Ō Edo Roketto) is a stage play written for the Gekidan Shinkansen theater troupe by Kazuki Nakashima. It was adapted into an anime TV series in April 2007 directed by Seiji Mizushima and produced by Studio Madhouse.
 Tokyo Tribe (トウキョウ トライブ Tōkyō Toraibu) is a single-volume Seinen manga by Santa Inoue originally published in 1993. His later series Tokyo Tribe 2 includes characters and settings from this story.
 Twilight of the Dark Master (支配者の黄昏 Shihaisha no Tasogare) is a Japanese anime film based on a manga by Saki Okuse. It was produced by Masao Maruyama directed by Akiyuki Shinbo and the screenplay was written by Duane Dell'Amico. The film was distributed and licensed in 1997 by Urban Vision.
 Wetworks is an original novel written by Dave Stone and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd. It is Stone's third Judge Dredd novel.
 Pyramids is the BSFA winning seventh Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett published in 1989.
 The Beast House is a 1986 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon. It is the first sequel to Laymon's 1980 novel The Cellar.
 “The Moths” is a short story written by Helena Maria Viramontes. It was first published in 1985 in Viramontes’ first book The Moths and Other Short Stories by Arte Publico Press in Houston Texas.
 Sacred (1997) is the third book in the Kenzie/Gennaro series by Dennis Lehane.
 Genetica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in genetics and evolutionary biology. It was established in January 1919 by Kluwer Academic (which later merged into Springer) and originally published articles in English Dutch French and German. Publication was suspended from 1944 to 1946. The journal allows self-archiving and authors can pay extra for open access.
 Bravo is the largest teen magazine within the German-language sphere. The first issue was published in 1956 subtitled as the magazine for film and television („Die Zeitschrift für Film und Fernsehen“). Marilyn Monroe's portrait graced the first published issue the never-published dummy issue cover displayed Elvis Presley.
 The Journal of Applied Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1931 by the American Institute of Physics. Its emphasis is on the understanding of the physics underpinning modern technology.The editor-in-chief is P. James Viccaro (University of Chicago). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.210.
 Geeks Bearing Gifts: How the Computer World Got This Way is a book about the history of computing written by Ted Nelson and published in 2008 by Mindful Press.
 U.S.A.
 Battlesystem Skirmishes is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Eastern Oklahoma Catholic is a monthly magazine (combined in January/February and July/August) published by the Diocese of Tulsa. A subscription rate of $35 a year is requested for those persons who are interested in receiving the publication. The current publisher of the newspaper is Edward James Slattery Bishop of Tulsa.
 Sazae-san (サザエさん) is a Japanese comic strip created by Machiko Hasegawa. It was first published in Hasegawa's local paper the Fukunichi Shinbun (フクニチ新聞) on April 22 1946. When the Asahi Shinbun wished to have Hasegawa draw the comic strip for their paper she moved to Tokyo in 1949 with the explanation that the main characters had moved from Kyūshū to Tokyo as well. The comic dealt with contemporary situations in Tokyo until Hasegawa retired and ended the comic on February 21 1974.
 Ichigo Channel (苺チャンネル) is a Japanese shōjo manga series created by Mimi Tajima.
 The Song of the Quarkbeast is the second book in the Dragonslayer trilogy by Jasper Fforde. It is set in an alternate world in which magic is real but has become weakened and is also being replaced by modern technology. The setting is almost like modern Britain except that it is split into a number of small states.
 The International Review of Victimology is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of victimology. The editor-in-chief is Joanna Shapland (University of Sheffield) and the editors are Edna Erez (University of Illinois at Chicago) Matthew Hall (Sheffield University) Leslie Sebba (The Hebrew University) and Jo-Anne Wemmers (Université de Montréal).
 Tenchi Muyo! (天地無用! Tenchi Muyō! lit.
 Henderson the Rain King is a 1959 novel by Saul Bellow. The book's blend of philosophical discourse and comic adventure has helped make it one of his most enduringly popular works. It is said to be Bellow's own favorite amongst his books.It was ranked number 21 on Modern Library's list of the 100 Best Novels in the English language.
 The Future in America: A Search After Realities is a 1906 travel essay by H. G. Wells recounting his impressions from the first of half a dozen visits he would make to the United States. The book consists of fifteen chapters and a concluding envoy.Wells describes the United States as a great and energetic English-speaking population strewn across a continent so vast as to make it seem small and thin . . .
 The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment is a book by Eckhart Tolle. The book is intended to be a self-help guide for day-to-day living and stresses the importance of living in the present moment and avoiding thoughts of the past or future.Published in the late 1990s the book was recommended by Oprah Winfrey and has been translated into 33 languages. As of 2009 it was estimated that three million copies had been sold in North America.
 Going to Ground is the third book in the Shapeshifter series of young adult novels by Ali Sparkes. It was first published in May 2007.
 Einstein's Monsters (1987) is a collection of short stories by British writer Martin Amis. Each of the five stories deals with the subject of nuclear weapons.
 The Articles of Faith: A Series of Lectures on the Principal Doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is an 1899 book by James E. Talmage about doctrines of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The name of the book is taken from the LDS Church's Articles of Faith an 1842 creed written by Joseph Smith.Smith's Articles of Faith became part of the LDS Church's scriptural canon in 1880 as part of the Pearl of Great Price.
 Five Times Dizzy is a children's novel by Australian author Nadia Wheatley It was first published in 1982. In 1986 it became an Australian children's television series.
 In Praise of Slow (U.S. title In Praise of Slowness) is a book by Carl Honoré containing his analysis of the Cult of Speed which he claims is becoming the societal standard all over the world. He discusses and gives praise to the Slow Movement and the various groups around the world representative of this movement.
 Wolf Brother is the first book in the series Chronicles of Ancient Darkness by Michelle Paver. Wolf Brother takes place 6000 years ago during the New Stone Age and tells the story of twelve-year-old Torak a boy of the Wolf Clan.The book was published in 2004 by Orion Children's Books.Most reviews were very favourable commenting on Paver's imagination humour and descriptive writing style. Most commentators praised the author's attention to detail and depth of research.
 Freedom in This Village: Twenty-Five Years of Black Gay Men's Writing 1979 to the Present is a 2005 anthology edited by E. Lynn Harris. The book charts the development black gay male literature from 1979 to the present. The book won the Lambda Literary Award for the Anthologies category at the 2006 Lambda Literary Awards. Numerous writings from black gay men are mentioned from authors such as James Baldwin Samuel R.
 The Planet on the Table is the first collection of science fiction stories by Kim Stanley Robinson published in hardcover by Tor Books in 1986. A British paperback edition appeared in 1987 as well as a Tor paperback reprint; a French translation was issued in 1988. The collection was republished in 1he 1994 Tor omnibus Remaking History and Other Stories.
 Annales Academiæ Scientiarum Fennicæ Mathematica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Finnish Academy of Science and Letters since 1941. Its founder and editor until 1974 was Pekka Myrberg. It publishes research papers in all domains of mathematics with particular emphasis on analysis. The articles are indexed and reviewed in Zentralblatt für Mathematik and Mathematical Reviews.
 Environmental Ethics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of philosophical aspects of environmental problems. It was established in 1979. The editor-in-chief is Eugene Hargrove and it is published by the Center for Environmental Philosophy (University of North Texas). All issues are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Analysis and Applications is a journal covering mathematical analysis and its application to the physical and biological sciences and engineering. It was first published in 2003 by World Scientific. The journal aims to encourage the development of new techniques and results in applied analysis.
 The Real Fidel Castro is a biography of the Cuban revolutionary and politician Fidel Castro written by the British diplomat Leyster Coltman (1938-2003) and first published by Yale University Press in 2003. A diplomat for the government of the United Kingdom Coltman had been appointed to the position of British ambassador to Cuba from 1991 through to 1994 during which time he got to know Castro personally.
 Far Rainbow (Russian: Далёкая Радуга pronounced [daˈlʲɵkajə ˈraduɡə]) is a 1963 science fiction novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky set in the Noon Universe.
 Perceptions is a Gay-Lesbian-Bisexual-Transgendered-Queer (GLBTQ) Newsmagazine which began publication in 1983 in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada.The periodical is the longest-running GLBTQ publication in Canada. It provides broad geographical news coverage but with emphasis on the three Canadian prairie provinces (Saskatchewan Alberta and Manitoba). Issues also often carry opinion pieces book and music reviews articles on local GLBTQ history and analytical pieces.
 The American Annals of the Deaf a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly with one annual special. It was established in 1847 and is the official organ of the Convention of American Instructors of the Deaf and the Conference of Educational Administrators of Schools and Programs for the Deaf.
 The Moon and Sixpence is a novel by W Somerset Maugham told in episodic form by a first-person narrator in a series of glimpses into the mind and soul of the central character Charles Strickland a middle-aged English stockbroker who abandons his wife and children abruptly to pursue his desire to become an artist.The story is said to be loosely based on the life of the painter Paul Gauguin.
 New Law Journal (NLJ) is a weekly legal magazine for legal professionals first published in 1822. It provides information on case law legislation and changes in practice. It is funded by subscription and generally available to most of the legal profession.
 The Bishop's Man is a novel by Canadian writer Linden MacIntyre published in August 2009. The story follows a Catholic priest named Duncan MacAskill who became so successful at resolving potential church scandals quickly and quietly that he had to accept a position at a remote parish on Cape Breton Island Nova Scotia to give himself a low profile. MacIntyre a native of Cape Breton released the novel amidst the on-going sexual abuse scandal in Antigonish diocese in Nova Scotia.
 The Cornell Journal of Architecture is a critical academic journal of architecture and urbanism produced by the Department of Architecture at the Cornell University College of Architecture Art and Planning. The journal was established in 1981 and is edited by architecture students with guidance from faculty. The journal has been published/distributed by Rizzoli Distributed Art Publishers and most recently by ACTAR/Birkhäuser Verlag.
 Duffy's Rocks is a young adult novel by the American writer Edward Fenton (1917–1995) set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the Great Depression.It tells the story of fourteen-year-old Timothy Francis Brennan as he comes of age in the fictional mill town of Duffy's Rocks adjacent to Pittsburgh and a parallel of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania. Brennan lives with his grandmother a feisty Irish immigrant as he searches for his missing father.
 High is a play written by Matthew Lombardo. The story revolves around a nun Sister Jamison Connelly who deals with her sordid past and the people around her with her acerbic wit and wisdom. When Sister Jamison agrees to sponsor a gay 19-year-old drug user and hustler in an effort to help him combat his addiction her own faith is ultimately tested. HIGH explores the universal themes of truth forgiveness redemption and human fallibility.
 Triggerfish Twist is the fourth book in Tim Dorsey's as-yet unnamed series of books which were centered on Serge A. Storms. It was published in 2002. The book takes place in the summer of 1997 somewhere in the midst of the events of Florida Roadkill. Triggerfish Twist may be considered more of a parallel work than a sequel or prequel.
 Collateral Karma is the second novel by T.L. Orcutt in the Path of Return Trilogy and first published in September 2008.
 Contemporary Economic Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Western Economic Association International along with Economic Inquiry. The current editor-in-chief is Brad R. Humphreys (University of Alberta). The journal was established in 1982 as Contemporary Policy Issues.According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2010 impact factor is 0.523 ranking it 201st out of 304 journals in the category Economics.
 Earth Revisited is an 1893 utopian novel by Byron Alden Brooks. It is one entrant in the large body of utopian and speculative fiction that characterized the later 19th and early 20th centuries.
 The Apollo of Bellac (French title: L'Apollon de Bellac or L'Apollon de Marsac) is a comedic one-act play written in 1942 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.
 The Sterkarm Handshake is a young-adult science fiction novel by Susan Price published by Scholastic UK in 1998. It features time travel between 21st-century and 16th-century Britain and conflict between FUP and the Sterkarms a modern corporation and a Scottish clan. Price won the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize a once-in-a-lifetime book award judged by a panel of British children's writers.
 White Bicycles – Making Music in the 1960s is the memoir of music producer Joe Boyd. It is published by Serpent's Tail.
 Animerica Extra is a monthly shōjo manga magazine that was published in North America by Viz Media from 1998 until 2004. Established as a complement to its monthly review magazine Animerica Animerica Extra was the first manga anthology to be published by Viz.The titles published in Animerica Extra included:Banana FishChicagoFushigi YūgiMarionette GenerationRevolutionary Girl UtenaShort ProgramSteam DetectivesVideo Girl AiX/1999
 Wraith: Welcome to Christmasland is a comic book miniseries written by Joe Hill illustrated by C. P. Wilson III and published by IDW Publishing. It is a prequel to Hill's 2013 novel NOS4A2 and is partially derived from material cut from the novel.
 The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition is a 2005 children's picture book written and self-published by American author Carol Aebersold and daughter Chanda Bell and illustrated by Coë Steinwart. The book tells a Christmas-themed story written in rhyme that explains how Santa Claus knows who is naughty and who is nice and describes elves visiting children between Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve after which they return to the North Pole until the next holiday season.
 The Unknown Industrial Prisoner is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author David Ireland.
 The Quarterly Journal of Engineering Geology & Hydrogeology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Geological Society of London. The journal covers engineering geology and hydrogeology including civil engineering mining practice and water resources.
 Gentleman was an English language literary magazine published in India from 1980 to 2001.[1][2] Its founder-editor was Minhaz Merchant of the Stirling Group of Magazines which sold this and other magazines to the Indian Express Group in 1987. It was edited and published by Sambit Bal and Rajib Sarkar .Although the name of the magazine suggested a male-oriented magazine Gentleman was anything but.
 Midnighters 3: Blue Noon is a young adult novel by Scott Westerfeld. Blue Noon is the third and final book in his Midnighters series and was released in 2005 through EOS Books a now defunct branch of HarperCollins.
 TCP/IP Illustrated is the name of a series of 3 books written by W. Richard Stevens. Unlike traditional books which explain the RFC specifications Stevens goes into great detail using actual network traces to describe the protocol hence its 'Illustrated' title.The first book in the series Volume 1: The Protocols is cited by hundreds of technical papers in ACM journals.
 The Mauritius Command is a historical naval novel by British author Patrick O'Brian. It is fourth in the Aubrey-Maturin series of stories that follow the partnership of Captain Jack Aubrey and the naval surgeon Stephen Maturin. It retells in fictional form the real campaign carried out by the Royal Navy in 1810 under Commodore Josias Rowley.
 The Villanovan has been the officially recognized and accredited student newspaper of Villanova University since its founding in 1916. The tabloid-style weekly paper publishes every Thursday during the semester and maintains a circulation of 5000 copies which are distributed throughout the Villanova campus and at various locations in the surrounding community. It is staffed by over 150 undergraduate students.
 The Big Bounce is a crime novel written by Elmore Leonard who started offering the story to publishers and film producers in the fall of 1966. However no one would take it.
 Boenga Roos dari Tjikembang ([buˈŋa ˈrus daˈri tʃiˈkəmbaŋ]; translated to English as The Rose of Cikembang) is a 1927 vernacular Malay-language novel written by Kwee Tek Hoay. The seventeen-chapter book follows a plantation manager Aij Tjeng who must leave his beloved njai (concubine) Marsiti so that he can be married. Eighteen years later after Aij Tjeng's daughter Lily dies her fiancé Bian Koen discovers that Marsiti had a daughter with Aij Tjeng Roosminah who greatly resembles Lily.
 The News Media Group was founded in 2008 and is solely owned by its creator and publisher The Coin NewsGroup S.L. a small formed publishing company based in the Costa del Sol in southern Spain.
 Chindi is Nebula Award-nominated 2002 book by Jack McDevitt of starship pilot Priscilla Hutch Hutchins series.
 On the Down Low: A Journey Into the Lives of Straight Black Men Who Sleep with Men is a 2004 New York Times Bestselling non-fiction book by J. L. King. The book was released in hardback on April 14 2004 through Broadway Books and details the sexual lives of African-American men that are on the down low. When the book was initially released King denied claims that he was gay in both the book and in the media but later admitted that he was gay in 2010.
 Nebula Maker is a science fiction novel by Olaf Stapledon published posthumously by Bran's Head books in 1976.
 Girlfriends was a women's magazine that provided critical coverage of culture entertainment and world events from a lesbian perspective. It was founded by Jacob Anderson-Minshall Diane Anderson-Minshall and Heather Findlay. It also offered relationship health and travel advice. Published monthly from San Francisco since 1993 it was distributed nationwide by Disticor.
 Attica is a 2006 children's fantasy novel by the British writer Garry Kilworth.
 Dancing After Hours is a book of short stories by Andre Dubus. First published in 1996 by Vintage it was one of that year's New York Times Notable Books of the Year.
 Invictus is a short Victorian poem by the English poet William Ernest Henley (1849–1903). It was written in 1875 and published in 1888 in his first volume of poems Book of Verses where it is the fourth poem in the section Life and Death (Echoes). It originally had no title. Early printings contained only the dedication To R. T. H. B.—a reference to Robert Thomas Hamilton Bruce (1846–1899) a successful Scottish flour merchant and baker who was also a literary patron.
 Fjala e Lirë is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Marxism and the Oppression of Women: Toward a Unitary Theory is a 1983 book by Lise Vogel that has been called a founding text of Marxist feminism.
 Review is an American magazine covering national and international economic issues. It is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.
 Winter's Heart (abbreviated as WH by fans) is the ninth book of the Wheel of Time fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan. It was published by Tor Books and released on November 7 2000. Upon its release it immediately rose to the #1 position on the New York Times hardcover fiction bestseller list making it the second Wheel of Time book to reach the #1 position on that list. It remained on the list for the next two months. Winter's Heart consists of a prologue and 35 chapters.
 Army of Darkness: Shop till You Drop Dead is a four-part comic book spin-off published by Devils Due Publishing & Dynamite Entertainment continuing the comic book saga of The Evil Dead series. The story takes place exactly where its predecessor Ashes 2 Ashes finishes only there is quite a bit of time hopping involved to keep things confusing.Ash returns from Egypt believing the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis destroyed for good.
 Amnesia Labyrinth (蜻蛉迷宮 Kagerō Meikyu) is a Japanese manga written by Nagaru Tanigawa and illustrated by Natsumi Kohane. It was serialized in ASCII Media Works's Dengeki Bunko Magazine beginning in June 2008. The individual chapters were collected into two tankōbon volumes which were released on August 10 2009 and December 18 2009. The manga is licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment which released the two volumes on February 2 2011 and June 7 2011.
 The Passion of Josef D is a play by Paddy Chayefsky based on the life of Josef Stalin. It only had a short run on Broadway in 1964 despite being directed by Chayefksy himself and featuring a cast including Luther Adler and Peter Falk. This experience scarred Chayefsky from having his plays produced on Broadway for the rest of his career.
 The Emperor's New Drugs – Exploding the Antidepressant Myth is a 2009 book by Irving Kirsch arguing that the chemical imbalance theory of depression is wrong and that antidepressants have little or no direct effect on depression but because of their common serious side-effects they are a powerful placebo.
 Thérèse Raquin [teʁɛz ʁakɛ̃] is a novel (first published in 1867) and a play (first performed in 1873) by the French writer Émile Zola. The novel was originally published in serial format in the journal L'Artiste and in book format in December of the same year.[citation needed]
 The Cocktail Party is a play by T. S. Eliot. Elements of the play are based on Alcestis by the Ancient Greek playwright Euripides. The play was the most popular of Eliot's seven plays in his lifetime although his 1935 play Murder in the Cathedral is better remembered today. The Cocktail Party was first performed at the Edinburgh Festival in 1949.
 Social Studies is a 1981 bestselling collection of comedic essays by writer Fran Lebowitz.Social Studies was released in a 1994 compilation entitled The Fran Lebowitz Reader along with Lebowitz's other bestseller Metropolitan Life.
 The Marching Season is a 1999 spy fiction novel by Daniel Silva.It is the sequel to The Mark of the Assassin by the same author.
 The New York Times at Special Bargain Rates is a short story by Stephen King originally published in the October/November 2008 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction and collected in King's 2008 collection Just After Sunset.
 The Daughter is a novel by Pavlos Matesis published in English in 2002. It takes in the events of the Second World War from the perspective of a young Greek girl. It is an international bestseller in nine languages and has sold over 150000 copies in Greece alone.
 The Atlantis Prophecy (2008) is a novel by Thomas Greanias. This is Thomas Greanias' second novel as well as the second in his premiere series.
 Trafford Tanzi is a play by Clare Luckham. Originally performed in Manchester in 1980 it later played in Liverpool before achieving commercial success in London.
 Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology is a popular introductory textbook on psychology written originally by Ernest Hilgard Richard C. Atkinson and Rita L. Atkinson and edited and revised by Edward E. Smith Daryl J. Bem Susan Nolen-Hoeksema Barbara L. Fredrickson Geoff R. Loftus and Willem A. Wagenaar. Fifteen editions of Introduction to Psychology have been published between 1953 and 2009.
 The Mystic Archives of Dantalian (ダンタリアンの書架 Dantarian no Shoka alternate title Bibliotheca Mystica de Dantalian) is a Japanese light novel series written by Gakuto Mikumo and illustrated by G-Yuusuke. The series started serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's light novel magazine The Sneaker on February 29 2008. A manga adaptation by Chako Abeno started serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's shōnen manga magazine Shōnen Ace on March 26 2010.
 Mitte 1 Is the second episode of a comedy series of novels by German writer Albrecht Behmel.
 Real Middle East Magazine is a trade/consumer magazine devoted to real estate architecture lifestyle and design. It is committed to green living and supports green movements architecture and solutions. The English-language publication is based in Beirut Lebanon and includes an Arabic feature supplement.Real Middle East Magazine is published 11 times a year (monthly except in December/January) and its circulation reached 25500 in 2009.
 Smoky Night is a 1994 children's book by Eve Bunting. It tells the story of a Los Angeles riot and its aftermath: two people who previously disliked each other working together to find their cats. In the end the cats teach their masters how to get along. The book made the list of One Hundred Books that Shaped the Century compiled by the Staff at the School Library Journal.
 The article is about the 1956 novel. For the 1973 film adaptation see Bang the Drum Slowly (film).Bang the Drum Slowly is a novel by Mark Harris a sequel to The Southpaw (1953). It was first published in 1956 and was later made into a 1956 U.S. Steel Hour television adaptation starring Paul Newman and a later film adaptation in 1973.
 Memnoch the Devil (1995) is the fifth novel in Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles series following The Tale of the Body Thief. Some of the themes of this novel and in large part the title are re-borrowed from the 19th Century gothic novel Melmoth the Wanderer by Irish author Charles Maturin. In this story Lestat is approached by the Devil and offered a job at his side.
 By the Book is a Star Trek: Enterprise novel which was released on 1 January 2002.
 Changeless is a steampunk paranormal romance novel by Gail Carriger. First published in April 2010 by Orbit Books Changeless is the second book in a projected five-novel The Parasol Protectorate series each featuring Alexia Tarabotti a woman without a soul as its lead character. The book originally published as a mass-market paperback was a New York Times Best Seller.
 The Fall of Arthur is the title of an unfinished poem by J.R.R. Tolkien concerned with the legend of King Arthur. A first posthumous edition of the poem was published by HarperCollins in May 2013.The poem is alliterative extending to close to 1000 verses imitating the Old English Beowulf metre in Modern English.
 Plant and Soil is an international peer-reviewed English language journal that publishes original research into topics related to the relationships between plants and soil such as relationships and interactions of plants with minerals water and microbes the anatomy and morphology of roots soil biology and ecology and so on. It is published by Springer Netherlands in association with the Royal Netherlands Society of Agricultural Science.
 The Dandelion Girl is a science fiction short story written by American science fiction author Robert F. Young. The story roughly 5600 words first appeared in The Saturday Evening Post on April 1 1961. The story was later republished in a Robert F. Young short story collection in 1965 called The Worlds of Robert F Young: Sixteen Stories of Science Fiction and Fantasy.
 First Voyages is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Damon Knight Martin H. Greenberg and Joseph D. Olander first published in paperback by Avon Books in May 1981. It is a compilation of the first published stories of twenty prominent authors in the genre and an expansion of Knight's earlier First Flight: Maiden Voyages in Space and Time (Lancer Books 1963) which covered ten of the same stories and authors.
 Boon is a 1915 work of literary satire by H. G. Wells. It purports however to be by the fictional character Reginald Bliss and for some time after publication Wells denied authorship. Boon is best known for its part in Wells's debate on the nature of literature with Henry James who is caricatured in the book. But in Boon Wells also mocks himself calling into question and ridiculing a notion he held dear—that of humanity's collective consciousness.
 Boneyard was a quarterly comic book series created by Richard Moore published by NBM Publishing which ran 28 issues from 2001 to 2009. It is currently on hiatus.
 The Worms of Kukumlima is a humorous book written by Daniel Pinkwater for the 9-12 age-group and first published in 1981. The main character Ronald Donald Almondotter goes to Africa with his grandfather one of his grandfather's eccentric friends a cook and a guide the latter two from Africa.
 Herzl is a 1976 play written by Dore Schary and Amos Elon based on the biography written by Elon. The show opened at the Palace Theatre Broadway on November 30 1976 and closed on December 5 1976 after 8 performances.
 A Night in the Lonesome October is a semi-satirical though not comic novel by Roger Zelazny published in 1993 near the end of his life. It was his last book.The book is divided in 32 chapters each representing one night in the month of October (plus one introductory chapter). The story is told in the first-person akin to journal entries.
 Dr. Identity (2007) is the fourth book and first novel by American author D. Harlan Wilson. Set in a dystopian mediatized future where people surrogate themselves with android lookalikes the novel focuses on the foils of an English professor (Dr. 'Blah) his psychotic android (Dr. Identity) and their flight from the agents of the Law especially the Papanazi. Like much of Wilson's work Dr. Identity is distinguished by its ultraviolence metanarration and critique of media technology.
 Of Course I Love You ..! Till I Find Someone Better is a 2008 novel written by Durjoy Datta and Maanvi Ahuja. The story revolves around the life of Deb a student of Delhi College of Engineering and is narrated in his voice.
 An Inconvenient Woman is a 1990 novel by Dominick Dunne. Its plot centers on the affair between married Jules Mendelson an extremely influential member of Los Angeles high society and Flo March a diner waitress and aspiring actress whose life is transformed by the illicit relationship until she finds herself the inconvenient woman of the title.The hardcover edition (ISBN 0-517-57763-1) was released by Crown Publishers.
 Dragon War is a fantasy novel Chinese-American author Laurence Yep first published in 1992. It is the fourth and final book in his Dragon series. Yep attempted to put the beauty and gallantry of dragons he had gleaned from his research of them in Chinese mythology into Dragon War. By contrast in the first three books of the series he had tried to capture their quirkiness and strength.The story picks up where Dragon Cauldron left off.
 The Commonwealth Journal is a six-day (Tuesday through Sunday) morning daily newspaper based in Somerset Kentucky and covering Pulaski County. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 Mammonart. An Essay on Economic Interpretation is a book of literary criticism from a Socialist point of view of the traditional ‘great authors’ of Western and American literature (along with a few painters and composers). Mammonart was written by the prolific muckraking journalist novelist and Socialist activist Upton Sinclair and published in 1925.
 The Executioner's Song is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book by Norman Mailer that depicts the events surrounding the execution of Gary Gilmore by the state of Utah for murder. It was also a finalist for the 1980 National Book Award. The title of the book may be a play on The Lord High Executioner's Song from Gilbert and Sullivan's The Mikado.
 Napoleon (1971) also published as Napoleon Bonaparte: An Intimate Biography in 1972 is a biography of French Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte written by Vincent Cronin.
 Demonbane (デモンベイン Demonbein) is a series by Nitroplus with mecha and Cthulhu Mythos elements. Beginning as an eroge visual novel for the PC it was ported into a PlayStation 2 non-eroge remake and spawned a sequel visual novel a prequel novel an anime television adaptation and a conversion to manga. An English version of the original Demonbane PC game has been released by JAST USA. The anime is streamed with English subtitles by Crunchyroll.
 The Vanished Diamond also translated as The Southern Star (French: L'Étoile du sud lit. The Star of the South) is a novel by Jules Verne based on a manuscript by Paschal Grousset and first published in 1884.
 Romantic Illusions (脳内恋愛のススメ Nōnai Renai no Susume) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Reiichi Hiiro. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on 9 September 2008.
 RAIL is a UK magazine on the subject of current rail transport in Great Britain. It is published every two weeks by Bauer Consumer Media and is available in the transport sections of many British newsagents. It is targeted primarily at the enthusiast market (those whose hobby is railways rather than their occupation) but also covers business issues often in depth.RAIL is more than three decades old and was known as Rail Enthusiast from its launch in 1981 until 1988.
 My Sister My Love is a 2008 novel by Joyce Carol Oates her 37th published novel.
 Matrona (Filipino for matron) is a story arc of the Philippine comic strip series Pugad Baboy created by Pol Medina Jr. and originally published in the Philippine Daily Inquirer. This particular story arc lasts 23 strips long. In 1998 the story arc was reprinted in Pugad Baboy X the tenth book compilation of the comic strip series.
 Tidsskrift for Rettsvitenskap (English: Journal of Jurisprudence) is a Norwegian law journal. It was established in 1888 by Francis Hagerup to form a link between legal research in the Nordic countries and is currently published by Universitetsforlaget. The journal is one of Scandinavia's preeminent academic journals in the field of law. It is ranked as a Level 2 journal the highest level in the official Norwegian ranking.
 Supergirl is the name of six comic book series published by DC Comics featuring various characters of the same name. The majority of the titles feature Superman's cousin Kara Zor-El.
 Jude the Obscure the last completed of Thomas Hardy's novels began as a magazine serial and was first published in book form in 1895. Its hero Jude Fawley is a working-class young man who dreams of becoming a scholar. The other main character is his cousin Sue Bridehead who is also his central love interest. The themes in the novel revolve around issues of class education religion and marriage.
 Kitty Norville is the main character of a series of novels by Carrie Vaughn. She is a werewolf who hosts a popular syndicated radio phone-in show based in Denver called The Midnight Hour. The program focuses on supernatural issues.
 Boy Culture is a 1995 novel by Matthew Rettenmund. It centers on a call boy in the city of Chicago Illinois and his two roommates. The protagonist goes by X throughout the book in order to maintain his anonymity. In 2006 it was adapted into a movie by filmmaker Q. Allan Brocka starring Patrick Bauchau Darryl Stephens Emily Stiles and newcomer Derek Magyar as X.
 On the Shore of the Wide World is a play by English playwright Simon Stephens. It opened 18 April 2005 at the Royal Exchange Theatre Manchester under the direction of Sarah Frankcom. On May 26 the production transferred to the Cottesloe space of the Royal National Theatre in London.The play focuses on three generations of the Holmes family in Stockport England examining the persistent dreams and struggles facing each generation.
 Gota’s War: The Crushing of Tamil Tiger Terrorism in Sri Lanka is book written by a Sinhala Journalist C A Chandraprema of Divaina newspaper about the role of Gotabhaya Rajapaksa in ending the Sri Lankan Civil War
 Fine Woodworking is a woodworking magazine published by Taunton Press in the USA.
 O Crime do Padre Amaro (The Crime of Father Amaro) is a novel by the 19th-century Portuguese writer José Maria de Eça de Queiroz. It was first published in 1875 to great controversy.
 The Crime at Black Dudley also known in the United States as The Black Dudley Murder is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in 1929 in the United Kingdom by Jarrolds London and in the United States by Doubleday Doran New York. It introduces Albert Campion her misleadingly vapid detective who would go on to appear in another 18 novels and many short stories over the next 30 years.
 Entdeckung der blauen Grotte auf der Insel Capri (Discovery of the Blue Grotto on the Isle of Capri) is an 1838 book by German writer and painter August Kopisch in which he describes his 1826 rediscovery of the Blue Grotto in Capri together with his friend Ernest Fries. The book famously sparked interest in the island among the Romantics particularly in Germany and introduced the world to the Blue Grotto both as a tourist sight and as an iconic symbol for the island.
 Herland is a utopian novel from 1915 written by feminist Charlotte Perkins Gilman. The book describes an isolated society composed entirely of women who reproduce via parthenogenesis (asexual reproduction). The result is an ideal social order: free of war conflict and domination. It first appeared as a serial in Forerunner a magazine edited and written by Gilman between 1909 and 1916.
 The Rising Tide is a novel about issues confronting women in the years just before suffrage by the American writer Margaret Deland (1857–1945) set in the 19th century fictional locale of Mercer an Ohio River community that represents Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The novel tells the story of Frederica Payton a new woman who illustrates the extremes of the feminist question.It was first published in installments in Harper's Monthly from December 1915 through October 1916.
 How I Braved Anu Aunty and Co-Founded A Million Dollar Company is a novel written by Varun Agarwal an alumnus of the Bishop Cotton Boy's School a first generation entrepreneur and the co-founder of Alma Mater. This is his début novel and was published in 2012. The book is now in its fourth re-print and has became a National Bestseller having sold 20000 copies within a month of its release.
 Striking and Picturesque Delineations of the Grand Beautiful Wonderful and Interesting Scenery Around Loch-Earn also published as A Description of the Beauties of Edinample and Lochearnhead is a short book by the Scotsman Angus McDiarmid (1770?–1820?) that led the local-history populariser Archie McKerracher to call him the world's worst author.
 Blood Contact is the fourth novel of the military science fiction StarFist Saga written by David Sherman and Dan Cragg. This book in the series follows Gunnery Sergeant Bass and the rest of 3rd Platoon Company L 34th FIST as they investigate a missing scientific team on the planet Society 437.
 ACS Nano is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal first published in August 2007 by the American Chemical Society. The current editor in chief is Paul S. Weiss (University of California Los Angeles). The journal publishes original research articles reviews perspectives interviews with distinguished researchers views on the future of nanoscience and nanotechnology.
 Vertical is a 2010 novel by Rex Pickett. It is the sequel to the novel Sideways.
 IndustryWeek (IW) is an American monthly trade publication founded in 1882.
 D-Lib Magazine is an on-line magazine dedicated to digital library research and development. Current and past issues are available free of charge. The publication is financially supported by contributions from the D-Lib Alliance. Prior to April 2006 the magazine was sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) on behalf of the Digital Libraries Initiative and by the National Science Foundation (NSF).
 Mandra is a novel by Kannada writer S L Bhyrappa for which he was awarded the Saraswati Samman for the year 2010.'Mandra' is one of the most acclaimed epic novels of Bhyrappa.The novel was published by Sahitya Bhandara (present in Balepet Bangalore) in the year 2002. The information on how this book was written is present in Sandarbha : Samvaada
 The Journal of Chemical & Engineering Data is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1950 by the American Chemical Society. JCED is currently indexed in: Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS) SCOPUS EBSCOhost Proquest British Library PubMed Ovid Web of Science and SwetsWise.The current Editor is Kenneth N. Marsh.The Journal of Chemical & Engineering Data received an Impact Factor of 2.004 as reported by the 2012 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters.
 See Hua Daily News is the largest and best selling Chinese-language daily newspaper on the island of Borneo. It is widely circulated in the Sultanate of Brunei and the Malaysian states of Sarawak and Sabah all on the northern coast of the island. Headquartered in Kuching it has a current editorial staff of about 300.
 Daemonomania is a 2000 Modern Fantasy novel by John Crowley. It is Crowley's seventh novel and as the third novel in Crowley's Ægypt Sequence a sequel to Crowley's 1994 novel Love & Sleep.
 A Walking Tour of the Shambles (Little Walks For Sightseers #16) (2002) written by Neil Gaiman and Gene Wolfe is a tour guide concerning a fictional part of Chicago called 'The Shambles'. It guides the reader through such non-existent landmarks as The House of Clocks (see the official website) Cereal House (home of the Terribly Strange Bed) and Gavagan's Irish Saloon.
 The Magic of Blood is a short story collection by Dagoberto Gilb. It received the 1994 Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award and the 1993 Whiting Writers' Award. The collection was released to rave reviews by several reputable critics as well as authors for its brutal realism and genuine portrayal of the marginalized masses. His book contains 29 stories separated into three distinct sections which epitomize the perspective of the working classes and Chicano culture.
 The Man Who Went Back (1940) is an adventure novel by Warwick Deeping about a man who has a car accident in 1939 England. He is transported back into post-Roman Britain and has to contend with the knowledge that he is from the future in the past.
 The Kommandant's Girl is a 2007 novel by Pam Jenoff. It is set during World War II and the Holocaust period and describes the story of nineteen-year-old Emma Bau.The novel was an international bestseller[citation needed] and was also nominated for a Quill award.
 The Journal of Geophysics and Engineering is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research and developments in geophysics and related areas of engineering. Although the journal has a predominantly applied science and engineering focus it also publishes contributions in all Earth-physics disciplines from global geophysics to applied and engineering geophysics. The editors-in-chief are Yanghua Wang (Imperial College London) and Shouli Qu (Sinopec Geophysical Research Institute).
 Lord of the World is a 1907 novel by Monsignor Robert Hugh Benson. Despite focusing on the coming of the Anti-Christ the Lord of the World is sometimes referred to as one of the first modern dystopias.
 Tatooine Ghost is a novel by Troy Denning set in the fictional Star Wars Expanded Universe. The book was released on March 1 2003.
 The Freedom Trap is a novel written by English author Desmond Bagley and was first published in 1971. It was loosely based on the escape of George Blake from prison five years before. In 1973 it was made into a film entitled The Mackintosh Man starring Paul Newman.
 Thai Rath (Thai: ไทยรัฐ lit. Thai State) is a daily newspaper in Thai published in Bangkok and distributed nationwide. The paper is a broadsheet published with two sections. The first section is devoted to news. Although the news section is best known for its sensationalist coverage of crime and accidents it also includes stories on Thai politics economy and society. The second section features coverage of sport and entertainment.
 The Malaysian Insider (also known as TMI The Insider or Malay Ins Ins) is a bilingual news site popular in Malaysia. It has been consistently ranked as one of the 100 most popular websites in the country with a strong following in Singapore. Alexa ranked The Insider as the 57th most popular website in Malaysia in June 2009. Compete.com estimated that almost 19000 unique visitors visited the website in April 2009.
 Vengeance of Orion is a 1988 novel by science fiction author Ben Bova. It is the sequel to Orion and follows his adventures in the time of the Greek heroes Achilles and Odysseus in the siege of Troy. The stroy takes up many plot elements of Homer's Iliad but also includes elements not appearing in Homer such as the presence of the Hittite empire to the east of Troy.
 Banzai Girl is a full-color comic book series created written and drawn by Jinky Coronado. The series was originally published by Sirius Comics with the first volume's full-color trade released by Sirius Comics in 2005. A black-and-white manga expanded version of that material was released by Arcana Studio in 2007. 2007 also saw the release of the second series in full color by Arcana Studio entitled Banzai Girls.
 The King of Debt (借金大王 Shakkin Daiou) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Sanae Rokuya. It was collected into a bound volume by Oakla Publishing. It is licensed in North America by 801 Media which released the manga in January 2008.
 Avengers: Infinity is a four-issue American comic book limited series published from September to December 2000 by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Roger Stern and drawn by Sean Chen Scott Hanna Steve Oliff and Troy Peteri.
 A Gate at the Stairs is a novel by American fiction writer Lorrie Moore. It was published by Random House in 2009. The novel won Amazon.com's best of the month designation and was a finalist for the PEN/Faulkner Award and the Orange Prize for Fiction.
 The IHOP Papers is the debut novel of American author Ali Liebegott and was first published on December 13 2006 by Carroll & Graf. The story revolves around a twenty year-old lesbian named Francesca who falls in love with her female philosophy professor in junior college. Francesca eventually moves to San Francisco in order to be with her. The novel explores Francesca's difficulty with intimate relationships as she experiences numerous lesbian relationships in San Francisco.
 The Journal of Consumer Research publishes scholarly research that covers empirical theoretical and methodological aspects of research on consumer behavior spanning a broad range of fields including psychology marketing sociology economics anthropology and communications. It is published by the University of Chicago Press.
 Before the Dawn: Recovering the Lost History of Our Ancestors is a non-fiction book by Nicholas Wade a science reporter for The New York Times and it was published in 2006 by the Penguin Group. In 2007 it won the Science in Society Journalism Award from the National Association of Science Writers.
 Deterring Democracy is a book published in 1991 by Noam Chomsky which explores the differences between the humanitarian rhetoric and imperialistic reality of United States foreign policy and how it affects various countries around the world.In the book Chomsky explores the idea that the US is the only remaining world superpower that works to maintain its dominance even ruthlessly employing violence such as outright invasions and overthrowing governments pursuing independent economic policies. 
 The Monitor is a newspaper in McAllen Texas that covers Starr and Hidalgo counties. It circulates about 36000 copies daily according to the Audit Bureau of Circulations. It was owned by Freedom Communications until 2012 when Freedom papers in Texas were sold to AIM Media Texas.The Monitor's Spanish-language sister paper La Frontera shut down in 2009. It shares content with the Valley Morning Star and The Brownsville Herald.
 Maximumrocknroll often written as Maximum Rocknroll and usually abbreviated as MRR is a not-for-profit monthly zine of punk subculture. Based in San Francisco MRR focuses on punk rock and hardcore music and primarily features artist interviews and music reviews. Op/ed columns and news roundups are regular features as well including submissions from international contributors.
 The Mechanics' Institute Review (also known by the abbreviation MIR) is an annual literary anthology published by Birkbeck University of London as part of its MA Creative Writing course. The MIR Project Director is Julia Bell.
 Ravelstein is Saul Bellow's final novel. Published in 2000 when Bellow was eighty-five years old it received widespread critical acclaim. It tells the tale of a friendship between two university professors and the complications that animate their erotic and intellectual attachments in the face of impending death. The novel is a roman à clef written in memoir-form. The narrator is in Paris with Abe Ravelstein a renowned professor and Nikki his lover.
 Samleng Yuvachun (Voice of Khmer Youth) is a Khmer language newspaper published in Cambodia with its headquarters in Phnom Penh.
 Personal Computer Magazine PCMagazine or PCM is a Dutch monthly magazine about personal computersThe first edition of PCM was issued in October 1983 by VNU Business Publications. Since November 2007 PCM is published by HUB Uitgevers. The magazine appears in a circulation of roughly 50.000 copies per month. The magazine is aimed at the beginning hobbyist and home user as well as experienced and business users. Generally the magazine covers Windows more than other platforms.
 Sentimental Education (French: L'Éducation sentimentale 1869) is a novel by Gustave Flaubert and is considered one of the most influential novels of the 19th century being praised by contemporaries George Sand Émile Zola and Henry James.
 Kingyo Used Books (金魚屋古書店 Kingyoya Koshoten) is an ongoing manga series written and illustrated by Seimu Yoshizaki. It follows the happenings which revolve around a small used manga store specializing in old and obscure manga. The series is loaded with several references to classic manga such as Dr. Slump and Moretsu Ataro as well as foreign comics like Jean Giraud's Blueberry.
 La Farce de maître Pierre Pathelin (in English The Farce of Master Pierre Pathelin) is a fifteenth-century (1457) anonymous medieval farce written originally in French. It was extraordinarily popular in its day and held an influence on popular theatre for over a century.
 The Golden Khan of Ethengar is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Miami is a 1987 book of social and political analysis by Joan Didion.Didion begins Havana vanities come to dust in Miami. The book is an extended report on the generation of Cubans who landed in exile in Miami following the overthrow of President Batista January 1 1959 and the way in which that community has connected to America and American politics.Granta writes Miami may be the sunniest place in America but this is Didion's darkest book.
 The Dragon's Tooth is a 2011 fantasy novel written by N.D. Wilson.
 Selam Professor Shonku (Hats off Professor Shonku) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1995. Ray wrote the stories on Professor Shanku in Bengali magazine Sandesh and Anandamela. This book is a collection of seven of Shonku stories.
 Death Without Dignity: The Story of the First Nursing Home Corporation Indicted for Murder is a true crime non-fiction book by American author Steven Long that was released in 1987 by Texas Monthly Press. It was Long's first book written while he was publisher and editor of the alternative weekly newspaper In Between.
 Actual Air is a book of poetry written by David Berman and published by Open City in 1999. A limited hardcover version was published by Drag City in 2003.
 Kingdom (キングダム Kingudamu) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yasuhisa Hara. The manga provides a fictionalized account of the Warring States period primarily through the experiences of the war orphan Xin and his comrades as he fights to become a Great General of the Heavens and in doing so unifying China for the first time in history. The series was adapted into a thirty-eight episode anime series by studio Pierrot that aired from June 4 2012 to February 25 2013.
 Babouk is a political-themed novel by Guy Endore a fictionalized account of the Haitian Revolution told through the eyes of its titular slave. Though virtually unknown today Babouk has gained some notoriety in academic circles through its attempted linking of the slave trade with capitalism and one professor has suggested that it would make a valuable addition to post-colonial literary discourse by steering it in the direction of Communism. Endore might well have agreed.
 Tokimeki Memorial (ときめきメモリアル Tokimeki Memoriaru lit. Heartbeat Memorial) is a popular dating simulation series by Konami. It consists of 6 main games in addition to a large number of spin-offs. The games are notable in the dating sim genre for being highly nonlinear. Their nickname amongst their fans is the contraction TokiMemo.The gameplay in Tokimeki Memorial focuses on scheduling dating and stat-building.
 Batman Confidential is an American monthly comic book series from DC Comics which debuted on December 6 2006 and concluded on March 2 2011.Like a previous Batman series Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight Batman Confidential featured stories by rotating creative teams set in the early years of modern Batman’s career post-Batman: Year One and illustrated formative moments in the character’s past such as first encounters with allies and foes.
 Ella sigue de viaje (She travels on) is the second book published by Mexican writer Luis Felipe Lomelí published in 2005. It is best known for the opening short story named El emigrante (The Emigrant) a flash fiction story which consist only of the four words ¿Olvida usted algo? -¡Ojalá!  (Forget something? -If only!).
 Life and Death Are Wearing Me Out (simplified Chinese: 生死疲劳; traditional Chinese: 生死疲勞; pinyin: shēngsǐ píláo) is a 2006 novel by Chinese writer Mo Yan. The book is a historical fiction exploring China's development during the latter half of the 20th century through the eyes of a noble and generous landowner who is killed and reincarnated as various farm animals in rural China. It has drawn praise from critics and was the recipient of the inaugural Newman Prize for Chinese Literature in 2009.
 The Argus is a student funded newspaper produced and distributed weekly for the students of Lakehead University in Thunder Bay Ontario Canada. With a weekly distribution of 3000 copies it is printed on Mondays during the months of September through November and January through March. Issues are available for free throughout the University and at various locations throughout the city.
 The Fixer is a novel by Bernard Malamud published in 1966 by Farrar Straus & Giroux. It won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction (his second)and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.The Fixer provides a fictionalized version of the Beilis case. Menahem Mendel Beilis was a Jew unjustly imprisoned in Tsarist Russia.
 Dead Point (2000) is a Ned Kelly Award winning novel by Australian author Peter Temple. This is the third novel in the author's Jack Irish series.
 Morning and Noon: A Memoir is an autobiographical book written by former United States Secretary of State Dean Acheson in 1965. In it Acheson describes the meaningful times and events of his early life — from his birth in 1893 up to the time of his swearing in as the U.S.
 July's People is a 1981 novel by the South African writer Nadine Gordimer. Gordimer wrote the book before the end of apartheid as her prediction of how it would end. The book was notably banned in South Africa after its publication.
 Wild Geese is a Canadian novel of the historical fiction genre written by the author Martha Ostenso first published in 1925 by Dodd Mead and Company. The story is set on the prairies of Manitoba Canada in the 1920s. The novel details characters struggling against victimization to achieve a better life and follow their respective passions.
 L'Abbé Jules (Abbé Jules) is a novel written by the French journalist novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau and published by Ollendorff in 1888.
 The Journal of Applied Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Applied Philosophy and edited by Suzanne Uniacke (University of Hull). It covers a broad spectrum of issues in environment medicine science policy law politics economics and education.
 The Nordic Journal of Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal concerned with all branches of linguistics but paying particular attention to theoretical linguistics and languages used in the Nordic countries. It was established in 1978 and is published by Cambridge University Press for the Nordic Association of Linguists. It is also supported by the Nordic Publication Committee for Periodicals in the Humanities. The current editors in chief are Catherine O.
 La sombra de Heidegger (English: The Shadow of Heidegger) is a 2005 thriller written by the Argentine philosopher José Pablo Feinmann. It depicts an exiled Nazi professor called Dieter Müller who writes a letter to his son in which he describes the philosophy of Martin Heidegger as the spiritual guidance of the Nazi Party. Besides La sombra de Heidegger has some elements that would enable it to be included in the category of historical novel.
 Face of the Enemy is a Science fiction novel by Richard Fawkes
 44 Scotland Street is an episodic novel by Alexander McCall Smith the author of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency. The story was first published as a serial in The Scotsman starting 26 January 2004 every weekday for six months. The book retains the 100+ short chapters of the original. It was partially influenced by Armistead Maupin’s Tales of the City a famous serial story.
 The Oxford Journal is a free newspaper distributed throughout the city of Oxford in the county of Oxfordshire UK. It is published under licence by Taylor Newspapers Ltd (who also publish other free newspapers including the Basingstoke Observer Oxford Property Weekly and Auto Weekly).
 Kurosagi (クロサギ lit. The Black Swindler) is a Japanese manga written by Takeshi Natsuhara and illustrated by Kuromaru. The series is about a boy named Kurosaki who swindles only other professional swindlers known as shirosagi (シロサギ). It won the 2008 Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general manga along with Tetsuji Sekiya's Bambino!.The series was adapted as an 11-episode TV drama that was aired on TBS from 14 April 2006 to 23 June 2006.
 Main Force Assault (ISBN 0-8041-0103-5) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books. It is the second novel in Sherman's Night Fighter Series.
 Robin: Lady of Legend is a 2012 historical adventure by R.M. ArceJaeger (alternative title: The Classic Adventures of the Girl Who Became Robin Hood). This Robin Hood retelling includes both new and traditional characters (e.g. Little John) but is most notable for featuring a woman as Robin Hood.
 The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship is a book illustrated by Uri Shulevitz that retells a Russian fairy tale of the same name. The text is taken from Arthur Ransome's version of the story in the 1916 book Old Peter's Russian Tales; Ransome had collected the folktale when he was a journalist in Russia. The book was released in 1968 by Farrar Straus and Giroux and won a Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1969.
 The Blackwell Journal-Tribune is a twice-weekly newspaper in Blackwell Oklahoma. It is distributed Tuesdays and Fridays via mail and has a circulation of roughly 1500.The paper primarily serves Blackwell but also provides news and sports coverage of neighboring communities in Kay and Grant counties in north central Oklahoma and a small portion of Sumner County in south central Kansas.
 Chocolates on the Pillow Aren't Enough: Reinventing the Customer Experience is a book on customer service advice. It was released in March 2007.
 Calcio Italia is a monthly football magazine reporting on all aspects of Italian football.Written in English it reports on football in Serie A Serie B Serie C1 and Serie C2. It also reports on how the Italian national team is doing in full internationals under 21s under 19s and under 17s. It reports on Italian teams in European competitions and there is sometimes special editions about clubs.This magazine is published by Faragher Jones.
 Captain Jan (Dutch: Hollands Glorie) is a 1940 novel by Dutch writer Jan de Hartog.The book depicts highly skilled tugboat sailors as modern successors to the bold navigators of the Dutch Golden Age. The book was published in 1940 just ten days before Nazi Germany invaded and swiftly occupied the hitherto-neutral Netherlands.
 The Dayton Daily News (DDN) is a daily newspaper published in Dayton Ohio. It is a product of Cox Media Group Ohio (CMG Ohio) and integrated broadcasting publishing direct marketing and digital media company owned by parent company Cox Enterprises which is headquartered in Atlanta Georgia. It is the flagship publication of Cox Media Group Ohio.
 Pandemonium is a 2012 dystopian young adult novel written by Lauren Oliver and the second novel in her Delirium trilogy. The book was first published on February 28 2012 through HarperTeen and follows the series' protagonist as she explores the Wilds outside the walled community she was raised in. The book was preceded by a novella entitled Hana and was succeeded by Requiem the final book in the series.
 Los Angeles Reader was a weekly paper established in 1978 and distributed in Los Angeles USA. It followed the format of the (still active) Chicago Reader. The paper was known for having lengthy thoughtful reviews of movies plays and concerts in the LA area. James Vowell was its founding editor.
 The Black Curtain is a mystery novel written by Cornell Woolrich.
 Dominican Today is an online English-language Newspaper based in Santo Domingo Dominican Republic. It is the first English language online news publication in the country. This eDaily provides local and international news Dominican Republic guides and access to real estate and car portals. It claims to be the most up to date source of information on the Dominican Republic.
 Chobits (ちょびっツ Chobittsu) is a Japanese manga created by the Japanese manga collective Clamp. It was published by Kodansha in Young Magazine from February 2001 to November 2002 and collected in eight bound volumes.Chobits was adapted as a 26-episode-long anime television series broadcast on TBS and Animax from April to September 2002.
 The House is a novel written by Danielle Steel and published by Random House in February 2006. The book is Steel's sixty-eighth novel.
 Sweet Afton is a lyrical poem describing the Afton Water in Ayrshire Scotland. It was written by Robert Burns in 1791 and set to music by Jonathan E. Spilman in 1837 under the title Flow gently sweet Afton.Sweet Afton contains a lot of monosyllables which contribute to a gentle soothing rhythm. It can be seen as a hymn for peace.
 The House of the Seven Gables is a Gothic novel written beginning in mid-1850 by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne and published in April 1851 by Ticknor and Fields of Boston. The novel follows a New England family and their ancestral home. In the book Hawthorne explores themes of guilt retribution and atonement and colors the tale with suggestions of the supernatural and witchcraft.
 Cleveland Post was a weekly newspaper based in Fuquay-Varina North Carolina covering northwestern Johnston County North Carolina and the Cleveland community. It closed in 2013.
 The Mound City News is a local newspaper published in Mound City Missouri serving Holt County. It reports a circulation of 2400 The paper has been publishing weekly since 1879 and currently releases its publication on Thursday each week. The publication claims roots back to 1879.
 Nightrunners of Bengal is the title of the first novel by John Masters. It is a work of historical fiction set against the background of the Indian Rebellion of 1857. It was published in 1951 in the United Kingdom by Michael Joseph London and in the United States (also 1951) by the Viking Press New York.The novel at first attracted criticism from some reviewers who objected to what they regarded as its imperialist viewpoint and graphic depiction of acts of savagery.
 The Shadowmancer Returns is the fourth novel in Graham Taylor's Shadowmancer series following Tersias and a direct sequel to Shadowmancer.
 Perlindja e Shqipëniës was a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Invention of Hugo Cabret is an American historical fiction book written and illustrated by Brian Selznick and published by Scholastic. The hardcover edition was released on January 30 2007 and the paperback edition was released on June 2 2008. With 284 pictures between the book's 533 pages the book depends as much on its pictures as it does on the words.
 Inkheart (German title: Tintenherz) is a 2003 young adult fantasy novel by Cornelia Funke and the first book of the Inkheart trilogy. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 A Touch of Frost (1987) is a crime novel by R.D. Wingfield. The series inspired a popular television series of the same name starring David Jason as the titular character Detective Inspector Jack Frost; a disheveled unorthodox and caustic police officer.
 A Matter of Life and Death is a novel by Andrey Kurkov. Originally published in 1996 in Russian it was translated and published in English in 2005.
 Peace News is a pacifist magazine first published on 6 June 1936 to serve the peace movement in the United Kingdom. From later in 1936 to April 1961 it was the official paper of the Peace Pledge Union (PPU) and from 1990 to 2004 was co-published with War Resisters' International. (It is unaffiliated with PeaceNews.org a daily peace news update published by Promoting Enduring Peace.)
 The Times is a British daily national newspaper first published in London in 1785 under the title The Daily Universal Register (it became The Times on 1 January 1788). The Times and its sister paper The Sunday Times (founded in 1821) are published by Times Newspapers since 1981 a subsidiary of News UK itself wholly owned by the News Corp group headed by Rupert Murdoch.
 Hotel Management magazine is a trade publication produced by Questex Media Group established in 1875 Hotel Management is a trade publication that has been delivering hotel news analysis and operational strategies for more than 134 years. Regular features include special reports research/top lists hot products technology furniture fixtures and equipment hotel operations and trends and statistics.
 La Enfermedad Incurable (The Incurable Disease) is a 1996 play by Sebastian Mancilla Olivares a Chilean actor. Originally written in 1993 and premiered in 1996 at the Cine Teatro of Catamarca Argentine. The play reopened again in 2001 at the Teatro Urbano Girardi under the direction of Olivares which marked the return of the group created by the writer.
 The Disciples is a 1993 spy thriller by Joe Andrew who was chairman of the 2000 Democratic National Convention and V.C. Andrews.
 Moose Murders is a play by Arthur Bicknell self-described as a mystery farce.An immediate flop it is now widely considered the standard of awfulness against which all Broadway failures are judged and its name has become synonymous with those distinctively bad Broadway plays which open and close on the same night. It had its single performance (excluding its 13 previews) at the Eugene O'Neill Theatre on February 22 1983.
 Tree of Codes is an artwork in the form of a book created by Jonathan Safran Foer and published in 2010. To create the book Foer took Bruno Schulz's book The Street of Crocodiles and cut out the majority of the words.
 Vindicated is a 2008 book written by former baseball player José Canseco. This book similar to his first Juiced: Wild Times Rampant 'Roids Smash Hits & How Baseball Got Big focuses mainly on steroids in baseball. Vindicated has made several headlines as Canseco claims that he introduced Alex Rodriguez to a steroids distributor and that Rodriguez made a play for his wife Jessica. Canseco also writes of the now infamous 1998 party at his home.
 Rusty Brown is a continuing series of comics and comic strips by Chicago cartoonist Chris Ware named after its protagonist. In the strip Brown is shown as a young Nebraskan boy and as a man approaching middle age who has a lifelong obsession with the collection of action figures and similar pop cultural detritus particularly Supergirl.Rusty Brown's only friend throughout his life is Chalky White. White is also a collector of G.I.
 The Weekly Holiday is an independent English-language newsweekly in Bangladesh published on every Friday weekend. Founded by the late eminent journalist Enayetullah Khan in 1965 it was one of the most influential newspapers in East Pakistan and was known for its outspoken stance against successive Pakistani regimes. In newly independent Bangladesh it was a staunch critic of the government of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and was briefly banned in 1975.
 WWE Heroes is a comic book series published by Titan Publishing and written by Keith Champagne with art by Andy Smith.It stars WWE's most popular wrestlers such as John Cena and Triple H.The first issue was released in April 2010 with a continual storyline called Rise of the Firstborn. A different but similar story continues in the Undertaker's 2-part issue.
 Red Colored Elegy (Japanese: 赤色エレジー Hepburn: Sekishoku Erejii) is a one volume Japanese manga written and illustrated by Seiichi Hayashi. The manga was serialized in manga magazine Garo from 1970-1971. It is licensed in North America by Drawn and Quarterly which released the manga on July 8 2008. It was adapted into an original video animation by Toei Animation on June 21 2007.
 The Captal's Tower is an upcoming fantasy novel to be written by author Melanie Rawn. It is the third book of three in the Exiles Trilogy.The book has been given several false release dates and is listed on the Barnes & Noble website and amazon.com as having been published on January 1 2006. Despite this information the book has not been written yet.The second volume of the trilogy was published in 1997.
 Hoppy the Marvel Bunny was a character who first appeared in Fawcett's Funny Animals #1 (December 1942) as a funny animal spin-off of Captain Marvel. While appearing in just about every issue of Fawcett's Funny Animals the character became popular enough to gain his own series which led to the creation of the ongoing series Hoppy the Marvel Bunny in December 1945 which also brought back many of Hoppy's supporting characters.
 The Raven's Knot is the second book in the Tales from the Wyrd Museum series by Robin Jarvis. It was originally published in 1995.
 A Vision of Britain: A Personal View of Architecture is a 1989 book written by Charles Prince of Wales.
 The International Catalogue of Scientific Literature was an annual index covering scientific literature from all major areas of science. The Catalogue was produced by an international committee and was published by the Royal Society of London. It was published from 1902–1921 and indexed scientific literature published from 1901 - 1914.
 The Birthing of Hannibal Valdez is a novella written in 1984 by award-winning Filipino author poet journalist and editor Alfredo “Freddie” Navarro Salanga. It is also known as The Birthing of Hannibal Valdez: A Novella Presented in a bilingual book divided into two parts the English original version and an accompanying Pilipino version based on the translation by Romulo A. Sandoval entitled Ang Pagsisilang kay Hannibal Valdez. It has a foreword written by Virgilio S.
 Nth Man: The Ultimate Ninja is a comic book about an American ninja set in an unspecified near future where World War III has started. It was written by Larry Hama between 1989 and 1990 based largely on his success writing the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero comic which he wrote concurrently with The Nth Man (and also features a modern ninja as one of the main characters). Nth Man and Alfie O'Meagan first appeared in Marvel Comics Presents #25 (August 1989).
 Prince of Annwn is a fantasy novel by Evangeline Walton the fourth in a series of four based on the Welsh Mabinogion. Originally intended for publication by Ballantine Books as a volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series it actually saw print only after the series was discontinued. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in November 1974.
 The African Journal of Health Sciences is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal covering research and policy issues in the health sciences and related disciplines.
 a A Novel is a 1968 book by the American artist Andy Warhol (1928–1987) published by Grove Press. It is a nearly word-for-word transcription of tapes recorded by Warhol and Ondine over a two-year period in 1965-1967.
 Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God is a sermon written by British Colonial Christian theologian Jonathan Edwards preached to his own congregation in Northampton Massachusetts to unknown effect and again on July 8 1741 in Enfield Connecticut. Like Edwards' other works it combines vivid imagery of Hell with observations of the world and citations of the scripture.
 Blue’s Country Magazine is a rural affairs magazine owned since mid-2007 by Australian Consolidated Press as part of their Trader International group. It is distributed across the sub-tropical and tropical farming belt of Australia.
 Away is a play written by the Australian playwright Michael Gow published by Currency Press in 1986. First performed by the Griffin Theatre Company in 1986 it tells the story of three internally conflicted families holidaying on the coast for Christmas 1968.
 The Cullman Times is a daily newspaper published in Cullman Alabama covering Cullman County Alabama. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. who acquired it from Hollinger in 1998.
 Crop & Pasture Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing. It continues the Australian Journal of Agricultural Research. ISSN 0004-9409 It is abstracted in AGRICOLA Australian Bibliography of Agriculture Elsevier BIOBASE BIOSIS CAB Abstracts Chemical Abstracts Current Contents/Agriculture Biology & Environmental Sciences Kew Index Science Citation Index.
 The Somonyng of Everyman (The Summoning of Everyman) usually referred to simply as Everyman is a late 15th-century English morality play. Like John Bunyan's 1678 Christian novel Pilgrim's Progress Everyman uses allegorical characters to examine the question of Christian salvation and what Man must do to attain it. The premise is that the good and evil deeds of one's life will be tallied by God after death as in a ledger book.
 The Provençal Tales is a book written by Michael de Larrabeiti and published in 1988 by Pavilion Books. De Larrabeiti worked on the transhumance in the 1950s and 60s; his book records stories apparently told to de Larrabeiti by Provençal shepherds.
 Diario Popular is a local newspaper published in Sarandí Argentina and read widely in the surrounding southern Greater Buenos Aires suburbs of Avellaneda Lanús and Quilmes.The publication was founded by Jorge Fascetto the majority owner and director of El Día the principal news daily in La Plata on July 1 1974.
 Un Soir du Paris (An Evening in Paris) is a lesbian-themed short story collection compiled by SepociKopi.com and published in 2010 by Gramedia Pustaka Utama. It consists of twelve short stories collected over a three-year period from several publications. The first Indonesian short story collection dealing with lesbianism it received mixed reception.
 Countdown known as Countdown to Final Crisis for its last 24 issues based on the cover was a comic book limited series published by DC Comics. It debuted on May 9 2007 directly following the conclusion of the last issue of 52. The series is written primarily by Paul Dini along with a rotating team of writers and artists.Countdown consists of 51 issues number in reverse published weekly for one year crossing over with noteworthy and significant titles published by DC.
 The International Journal of Lower Extremity Wounds is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Medical Sciences. The journal's editor is Raj Mani PhD FACA (Southampton University Hospital). It has been in publication since 2010 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Biotechnology Advances is a peer-reviewed scientific journal which focuses on the biotechnology principles and industry applications of research in agriculture medicine and the environment.
 Eichmann Interrogated is a 1983 non-fiction book containing selections from the pre-trial interrogation of high-ranking former Nazi official Adolf Eichmann.
 Yankee Pasha is a historical novel written by Edison Marshall and published in 1947 the full title is Yankee Pasha-The Adventures of Jason Starbuck.It is suggested that Yankee Pasha is probably the best-known work of Edison Marshall and one of the most popular. Yankee Pasha was indeed very popular and have seen seven different editions with many separate printings between 1947 and 1975 in the U.S.A. and Europe .
 The Innocent is a 2012 book by David Baldacci. This is the first book to feature Will Robie the highly skilled U.S. Government assassin who next appeared in Baldacci's 2013 novel The Hit.The novel begins with a hit gone wrong. Robie is dispatched to eliminate a target unusually close to home in Washington D.C. But something about this mission doesn't seem right to Robie and he does the unthinkable. He refuses to kill.
 The Sledding Hill is a 2005 post-modern metafictional novel by young adult writer Chris Crutcher. By having the novel narrated by a super-omniscient dead boy and placing himself into the novel Crutcher has written a work that encompasses two literary fads.
 ΣPARTA is a semiannual educational magazine dedicated to the ancient Spartan and Greek history with a readership that mainly represents teachers historians re-enactors and other individuals interested in the history of ancient Greece. The managing editor is Robert Montgomerie.The magazine is published by Markoulakis Publications. It is mainly distributed in the United Kingdom but was also marketed in Europe Canada and the USA.
 Social Foundations of Thought and Action: A Social Cognitive Theory is a landmark work in psychology published in 1986 by Albert Bandura. The book expands Bandura's initial social learning theory into a comprehensive theory of human motivation and action analyzing the role of cognitive vicarious self-regulatory and self-reflective processes in psychosocial functioning.
 Diary of an Ordinary Woman is a novel framed as an 'edited' diary of fictional woman Millicent King (1901-1995) written by Margaret Forster.
 The Restoration Quarterly is a scholarly journal associated with the Churches of Christ. It focuses on issues of interest to the Churches of Christ and other groups associated with the Restoration Movement more generally.
 The Guidelines for Assessment and Instruction in Statistics Education (GAISE) are a framework for statistics education in grades Pre-K–12 published by the American Statistical Association (ASA) in 2007. The foundations for this framework are the Principles and Standards for School Mathematics published by the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics (NCTM) in 2000. A second report focused on statistics education at the collegiate level the GAISE College Report was published in 2010.
 Treatise on the Gods (1930) is H. L. Mencken's survey of the history and philosophy of religion and was intended as an unofficial companion volume to his Treatise on Right and Wrong (1934). The first and second printings were sold out before publication and eight more printings followed. Its first edition received a major 5-column review in the New York Times written by one P.W.
 The Altus Times is a five-day daily newspaper based in Altus Oklahoma and owned by Heartland Publications. It is published Tuesday through Friday and Sunday.
 Phèdre (originally Phèdre et Hippolyte) is a dramatic tragedy in five acts written in alexandrine verse by Jean Racine first performed in 1677.
 La Cucaracha (Eng. The Cockroach) is a nationally syndicated daily comic strip by Lalo Alcaraz which focuses on Latino culture and politics. It is syndicated by Universal Press Syndicate and is in over 60 newspapers. It began daily publication in November 2002. It is the only 'political' Latino-themed syndicated daily comic strip in the U.S.It is one of several politically themed comic strips in mainstream papers.
 Cambrian Medieval Celtic Studies (1981-1992: Cambridge Medieval Celtic Studies) is a bi-annual academic journal of Celtic studies which appears in summer and winter.
 The World's Number One Flat-Out All-Time Great Stock Car Racing Book is a non-fiction book on early stock car racing written in 1973-1974. It was first published in 1975 by Doubleday.The book revolves around the 1972 Southern 500 weekend at Darlington Raceway in Darlington SC with historical pieces and driver interviews in between.In the 20th Anniversary Edition introduction Bledsoe notes that the first edition barely sold enough to cover the publishing and marketing costs.
 The Pennsylvania Packet or the General Advertiser was an American newspaper founded in 1771 that in 1784 became the first successful daily newspaper published in the United States.[citation needed]The paper was founded by John Dunlap in Philadelphia as a weekly paper in late 1771. David C. Claypoole eventually became a partner with Dunlap.
 Fade is a 1988 young adult novel written by Robert Cormier.
 Soil is a manga series written and illustrated by Atsushi Kaneko. It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series in 2010. It has been published in French by Ankama.
 An Essay on the Nature and Immutability of Truth is a 1771 book by the Scottish philosopher and poet James Beattie his major work.
 Saint Seiya: The Lost Canvas – The Myth of Hades (聖闘士星矢 THE LOST CANVAS 冥王神話 Seinto Seiya Za Rosuto Kyanbasu - Meiō Shinwa) also known as simply The Lost Canvas is a manga written and illustrated by Shiori Teshirogi. It is a spin-off based on the manga series Saint Seiya which was created written and illustrated by Japanese author Masami Kurumada.
 The Hard Rock Miner's Handbook is a reference book that deals with the underground hard rock mining industry. Written by Jack de la Vergne as a not for profit publication the first edition was published in 2000 by McIntosh Engineering a mining engineering consulting company.
 Ten - Tenhōdōri No Kaidanji (天 - 天和通りの快男児) is a mahjong centric Japanese manga by Nobuyuki Fukumoto. It was first published in 1989 during Japan's economic boom when gambling manga became popular.
 The Abominations of Yondo is a collection of fantasy horror and science fiction short stories by author Clark Ashton Smith. It was released in 1960 and was the author's fourth collection of stories published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 2005 copies. The stories were mostly written between 1930 and 1935.The collection contains stories from Smith's major story cycles of Hyperborea Poseidonis Averoigne and Zothique.
 Mothering is a magazine focused on natural mothering practices which began publishing in 1976.
 Intimate Exchanges is a play by Alan Ayckbourn. Written between 1982 and 1983 it consists of eight major stories all originating from a single opening scene. As the play progresses the characters make choices each of which causes the story to go in one of two directions leading to one of 16 possible endings.
 Hebraic Political Studies was an international peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Shalem Press and devoted to recovering the Hebraic political tradition and evaluating its place in the history of political thought.
 The Caxtons: A Family Picture is an 1849 Victorian novel by Edward Bulwer-Lytton that was popular in its time.The book was first serialized anonymously in Blackwood's Magazine from April 1848 to October 1849 and first published in novel form (in three volumes) in Britain in 1849.
 Time and Tide was a British weekly political and literary review magazine founded by Margaret Lady Rhondda in 1920. It started out as a supporter of left wing and feminist causes and the mouthpiece of the feminist Six Point Group. It later moved to the right along with the views of its owner. It always supported and published literary talent.The initial editor was Helen Archdale.
 .Advanced Composite Materials is a bimonthly peer-review scientific journal that was established in 1991. It is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Japan Society for Composite Materials and the Korean Society for Composite Materials. The editors-in-chief are H. Fukunaga (Sendai Japan) and K.S. Han (Seoul Korea).
 Izvestiya Vysshikh Uchebnykh Zavedenii. Radioelektronika is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published in Russian that covers electrical engineering electronic engineering and electronics. An English translation is published as Radioelectronics and Communications Systems. The Russian version is published by the Kiev Polytechnic Institute and is one of several journals from the series Izvestiya Vysshikh Uchebnykh Zavedenii published by different institutes of the Soviet Union.
 Adventures in the Rifle Brigade is the name of two Vertigo comic book limited series created by writer Garth Ennis and artist Carlos Ezquerra. The first series Adventures in the Rifle Brigade was released in 2000. Its sequel Adventures in the Rifle Brigade: Operation: Bollock was released in 2001 and 2002.
 A Little Tour in France is a book of travel writing by Henry James. Originally published under the title En Province in 1883–1884 as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly the book recounts a six-week tour James made of many provincial towns in France including Tours Bourges Nantes Toulouse Arles and several others. The first book publication was in 1884.
 The Performers is a comedy play written by David West Read and directed by Evan Cabnet. It premiered on Broadway on November 14 2012.
 Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed (also titled Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Survive) is a 2005 book by Jared M. Diamond professor of geography and physiology at University of California Los Angeles. Diamond's book deals with societal collapses involving an environmental component and in some cases also contributions of climate change hostile neighbors and trade partners plus questions of societal responses (p. 15).
 Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns is a fairytale written by Princess Märtha Louise of Norway and released as a children's book in the US in 2005. The original version was released as a picture book in Norway in 2004.The story is about her grandfather King Olav V when he first came from Denmark to Norway. It tells about how difficult it was to wear crowns while cross country skiing amongst other typical Norwegian winter activities.
 Yentl is a play by Leah Napolin and Isaac Bashevis Singer.Based on Singer's short story Yentl the Yeshiva Boy it centers on a young girl who defies tradition by discussing and debating Jewish law and theology with her rabbi father. When he dies she cuts her hair dresses as a man and sets out to find a yeshiva where she can continue to study Talmud and live secretly as a male named Anshel.
 Small is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary journal published twenty-four times a year. Small publishes research in science and technology on the micro- and nanoscales in the form of Communications Reviews Concepts Highlights Essays and Full Papers. The journal was co-founded by Chad Mirkin and Peter Gölitz. The editorial office is in Weinheim Germany. Small is available online through the Wiley Online Library. All of the publications can be found here.
 Hotel Savoy is a 1924 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth. Its story is set in the Hotel Savoy in Łódź where lonely war veterans variety dancers and others dream of better places.
 Nursing Older People is a monthly journal which publishes original research and clinical articles relevant to the practice of nursing Older People.
 Uncle Target is a third person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall first published in 1988 and the fourth and last in his series of novels with the character “Harry Maxim” as the main protagonist.
 Infinity and the Mind: The Science and Philosophy of the Infinite is a theoretical mathematics book by American mathematician computer scientist and science fiction writer Rudy Rucker.
 The Evening Telegraph was for most of its existence Ireland's leading evening newspaper. It was published in Dublin between 1871 and 1924. Its main rivals were the widely read Dublin Evening Mail and the less widely read Evening Herald.
 The European Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering contemporary issues in Europe. It covers a broad range of fields including economics history social sciences and other general sciences.The journal is sponsored by the Academia Europaea and published by Cambridge University Press. It was initially published by John Wiley & Sons.
 Shigofumi: Letters from the Departed titled Shigofumi: Stories of Last Letter (シゴフミ ～Stories of Last Letter～) in Japan or simply Shigofumi is a Japanese anime television series created by Tomorō Yuzawa and produced by Bandai Visual and Genco which aired in Japan on Chiba TV and other networks between January 6 and March 22 2008 and contains twelve episodes. An original video animation episodes was included with the final anime DVD volume released on September 26 2008.
 Kapalkundala (Bengali: কপালকুণ্ডলা) also known as Mrinmoyee is a Bengali romance novel by Indian writer Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay. Published in 1866 it is a story of a forest-dwelling girl named Kapalkundala who fell in love and got married to Nabakumar a young gentleman from Saptagram but eventually found that she is unable to adjust herself with the city life.
 Weakley County Press is a weekly newspaper based in Martin Tennessee.
 NeuroToxicology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the toxicology of the nervous system. It was established in 1979 and originally published by Intox Press until it was acquired by Elsevier in 2001. The editor-in-chief is Joan Marie Cranmer (University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences).
 Stolen Innocence: My Story of Growing Up in a Polygamous Sect Becoming a Teenage Bride and Breaking Free of Warren Jeffs is an autobiography by American author Elissa Wall detailing her childhood in the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (FLDS) and subsequent later life outside of the church. It was first published by William Morrow and Company in 2008.Wall was born into a polygamous family in Salt Lake City and grew up attending the FLDS-run Alta Academy.
 The Edmonton Sun is a daily newspaper and news website published in Edmonton Alberta Canada. It is a division of Sun Media a Quebecor company. It began publishing in 1978 and shares many characteristics with Sun Media's other tabloids including an emphasis on local news stories its conservative editorial stance extensive sports coverage and a daily Sunshine Girl. Once each year the Edmonton Sun prints a special swimsuit edition.
 Euskadi Roja or Euzkadi Roja ('Red Euskadi') was a newspaper published by the Basque-Navarre Federation of the Communist Party of Spain. Parts of the newspaper was printed in Euskera.Euskadi Roja replaced an earlier party organ in Vizcaya Bandera Roja. Initially Euskadi Roja was published weekly from Bilbao. The first issue came out in March 1933.
 Destiny's Way is the fifteenth installment of the New Jedi Order series of Star Wars novels. It was written by Walter Jon Williams and published in 2002 by Del Rey Books (ISBN 0-345-42850-1).
 Doubt!! (ダウト!! Dauto!!) is a shōjo manga series by Kaneyoshi Izumi. Doubt!! is published in Japan by Shogakukan in North America in English by VIZ Media and in French by Kaze Manga. It follows Ai Maekawa a teenager who gives herself a total makeover in the break between middle school and high school in a bid to reinvent her image and become popular.
 Kiss Kiss is a collection of short stories by Roald Dahl first published in 1960 by Alfred A. Knopf. Most of the constituent stories had been previously published elsewhere. It contains the following short stories: The LandladyWilliam and MaryThe Way Up to HeavenParson's PleasureMrs.
 Beyond the Crash: Overcoming the first crisis of globalisation is a 2010 book by former UK prime minister Gordon Brown. The work argues that the only way to fully overcome the financial crisis of 2007–2010 is with further coordinated global action. Brown states that a shared global compact on jobs and growth should be central to effective action with different regions called on in different ways to contribute to rebalancing the global economy while boosting growth.
 The Motel Life (2006) is the debut novel by musician and writer Willy Vlautin. It tells the story of two brothers from Reno Nevada whose lives are thrown into turmoil following a tragic accident. It was made into a movie starring Emile Hirsch Stephen Dorff and Dakota Fanning and released in November of 2013.
 A Book of Giants is a 1963 anthology of 13 fairy tales from Europe that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders. It was the first anthology to receive the familiar A Book of... title that Manning-Sanders would become notable for.This book was first published in the United Kingdom in 1962 by Methuen & Co. Ltd.Some of the tales from this book are recollected in A Choice of Magic (1971) by Manning-Sanders.
 Venus Capriccio (ヴィーナス綺想曲) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mai Nishikata about a tom-boyish girl and her childhood friend who take piano lessons together. It was first serialized in the Japanese semi-monthly shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume published by Hakusensha. It is licensed in North America by CMX Manga.
 Night Walker is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton.
 The Four-Chambered Heart is a 1950 autobiographical novel by French-born writer Anaïs Nin part of her Cities of the Interior sequence. It is about a woman named Djuna her love her thoughts her emotions her doubts her decisions and her sacrifices. It is not considered as one of Nin's most noteworthy novels yet it continues to be referenced in various studies and discussions regarding Nin and her body of work.
 Narcissus and Goldmund (also published as Death and the Lover) is a novel written by the German–Swiss author Hermann Hesse which was first published in German as Narziß und Goldmund in 1930. At its publication Narcissus and Goldmund was considered Hesse's literary triumph; chronologically it follows Steppenwolf.
 Kairo-kō: A Dirge (薤露行 Kairo-kō) is a 1905 novel by the Japanese author Natsume Sōseki. The earliest and only major prose treatment of the Arthurian legend in Japanese it chronicles the adulterous love triangle between Lancelot Guinevere and Elaine of Astolat.
 Eastern Standard Tribe is a 2004 novel by Cory Doctorow. Like Doctorow's first two books the entire text was released under a Creative Commons license on Doctorow's website allowing the whole text of the book to be read for free and distributed without the publisher's permission.
 Metro Herald is the title of a free daily newspaper in Dublin Ireland. It was formed in 2010 following the merger of the two previously competing publications Metro Ireland and Herald AM to create a profit for their respective backers including Independent News & Media Daily Mail and General Trust and The Irish Times.
 English Literary Renaissance is a peer-reviewed academic journal dedicated to the study of English literature from 1485 to 1665. Besides scholarly articles it publishes rare texts and manuscripts from the period. It was established in 1971 and is edited by Arthur F. Kinney. The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell and covers Shakespeare Donne Edmund Spenser and John Milton among other Tudor and early Stuart authors.
 A Gun for Sale is a 1936 novel by Graham Greene. The novel was first published by Doubleday Doran in the U.S. in June 1936 as This Gun For Hire; it was published by William Heinemann in the U.K. in July 1936 as A Gun For Sale.Raven is a man dedicated to ugly deeds. When Raven is paid for killing the Minister of War with stolen notes he becomes a man on the run.
 The Journal of Structural Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal concerning the structural analysis of biological materials at all levels of organization and the functional consequences of such observations. The editors-in-chief are A.C.
 Amazons! is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Jessica Amanda Salmonson with a cover and frontispiece by Michael Whelan. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in December 1979 and was the first significant fantasy anthology of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors.
 Commonweal is an American journal of opinion edited and managed by lay Catholics. It is headquartered in The Interchurch Center in New York City.
 Rumble Tumble is a 1998 suspense crime novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It is the fifth in the series of his Hap and Leonard mysteries. According to WorldCat it is held in 573 libraries.
 The Idaho Statesman is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Boise Idaho metropolitan area. The paper has a circulation of 47855 daily 74905 Sunday and employs about 200 people. It is owned by The McClatchy Company.The paper was first published as the Idaho Tri-Weekly Statesman on July 26 1864 by James S. Reynolds; it began publication from a log cabin on the current site of Boise City Hall.
 R2 is a music magazine published bi-monthly in the United Kingdom. It was launched in 1988 as Rock'n'Reel changing its name to R2 in early 2009.
 The Fast Red Road: A Plainsong serves as Stephen Graham Jones's debut novel written in 2000. He only started writing the book after being introduced to a Houghton-Mifflin editor (Janet Silver) at a party and for some reason began telling a complicated lie about a book he had written. So he went home that night and started it.It was originally titled Golius: A Failed Sestina (or something similar) and used as Stephen's dissertation while attending Florida State University.
 Here I Stand is a book written by Paul Robeson with the collaboration of Lloyd L. Brown. While Robeson wrote many articles and speechesHere I stand is his only book. It has been described as part manifesto part autobiography. Published in 1958 by Beacon Press it is dedicated to his wife Eslanda Goode Robeson.
 Gumnaam Vikramaditya (Hindi: गुमनाम विक्रमादित्य) (2011) literally Unknown Vikramaditya is a historical Hindi minor poem (Khandakavya) composed by Prem Nirmal (1938- ) former Hindi lecturer of SSV Inter College Hapur.
 What Technology Wants is a 2010 nonfiction book by Kevin Kelly focused on technology as an extension of life.
 Kievan Past (Russian: Киевская старина Kievskaia starina — Ukrainian: Київська минувшина) was a historically ethographic and literal chronicle. It was published in Kiev in Russian language and Ukrainian language during 1882-1907. In the last year of its existence when censorship on Ukrainian language was dropped the periodical was renamed into Ukraine and was published in Ukrainian.
 Small Miracles is a series of inspirational books written by Yitta Halberstam and Judith Leventhal.
 The Influence of Sea Power Upon History: 1660–1783 is a history of naval warfare written in 1890 by Alfred Thayer Mahan. It details the role of sea power during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries and discusses the various factors needed to support and achieve sea power with emphasis on having the largest and most powerful fleet. Scholars consider it the single most influential book in naval strategy.
 Shuttlecock is Graham Swift's critically acclaimed second novel a psychological thriller published in 1981 by Allen Lane. It won the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize in 1983 and is said to be the best of his earlier novels. It was not published in the US until 1985 after the success of Waterland.
 Happy Kappy (はっぴ～カッピ Happi Kappi) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Rino Mizuho about a nine-year-old Suguri Kinoshita who loves animals and making fashion accessories. One day while buying materials for accessories Suguri finds an unusual rock which she thinks will look cute on a bracelet. But when she picks up it up she discovers that the rock is a creature named Kappy the three-year-old prince of Kapimeshia.
 Bound And Gagged is a comic strip drawn by Dana Summers and syndicated by Tribune Media Services.
 In Death Ground is a 1997 military science fiction novel by David Weber and Steve White. The story is completed in the novel The Shiva Option.The title is taken from a passage in Sun Tzu's The Art of War: In difficult ground press on; On hemmed-in ground use subterfuge; In death ground fight.
 Rovering to Success is a book written by Robert Baden-Powell in 1922. It is focused on Rover Scouts which had been formally established in 1919.
 The Pearls of Lutra is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1996. It is the ninth book in the Redwall series. The American edition of the novel was published simply as Pearls of Lutra.
 Freddy Goes Camping (1948) is the 15th book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. When a hotel owner is forced to sell under mysterious circumstances Freddy and his friend Mr. Camphor pose as campers to investigate.
 Forum-Dimensions (FD The Forum-Dimensions or Forum) is the official University Student Publication of West Visayas State University (WVSU). It is one of the oldest student publications in Western Visayas and the Philippines.
 Nicloae High is the fifth book of forty in the Left Behind: The Kids series written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye in 1999. The plot for this book is based on the Left Behind series.A new challenge faces Judd Vicki Ryan and Lionel the main characters. They must take their newfound faith to the classrooms of Global Community Middle School and Nicolae Carpathia High.Danger awaits them.
 The Carrboro Citizen was a weekly newspaper based in Carrboro North Carolina USA. The Citizen covered Carrboro Chapel Hill Hillsborough Pittsboro Orange County and northern Chatham County. It was published on Thursdays and distributed free in racks throughout the coverage area.
 Partial Answers: Journal of Literature and the History of Ideas is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary academic journal that focuses on the study of literature and the history of ideas. The journal publishes articles on various national literatures including Hebrew Yiddish German Russian and (predominantly) English literature.
 The Unknown Witches of Oz: Locasta and the Three Adepts is a 2000 novel written by Dave Hardenbrook with illustrations by Kerry Rouleau. As its title indicates the book is an entry in the long-running series of books about the Land of Oz written by L.
 The Plucker is a 160 page novel both written and illustrated by Brom. There are three parts to the story in 22 chapters and over 100 illustrations in full color.This story takes place in the shadowy land of make-believe where Jack and his box are stuck beneath the bed with the other castaway toys. When Plucker a malevolent spirit is set loose upon the world of make-believe Jack is thrust into the unlikely role of defending Thomas the very child who abandoned him.
 Richard Scarry's Best Word Book Ever was published in 1963 and became a best-selling children's book. Scarry had been illustrating children's books since 1950 but this was his first as both author and illustrator. The book also marked the beginning of the author's work on the Best Ever series.The book contains over 1400 labelled pictures and sold over seven million copies in 12 years.The word book is designed to entertain children while teaching them words and numbers.
 A Very Capable Life: The Autobiography of Zarah Petri is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer John Leigh Walters first published in January 2010 by Athabasca University Press. In the book the author re-tells the stories his mother described to him regarding her immigration to Canada in the 1920s. Walters gives his first person account using humor and intrigue to share his mothers expressed regards about her depression era experiences.
 Doctor Ox (French: Le Docteur Ox) is a collection of short stories by Jules Verne first published in 1874 by Pierre-Jules Hetzel.It consists of four varied works by Verne:Une fantaisie du Docteur Ox (Dr.
 Foundations and Trends in Accounting is a journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of accounting. The editor-in-chief is Stefan J. Reichelstein (Stanford University).
 Iblis (Azerbaijani: İblis / ابلیس) is a verse play (verse dram) tragedy in four acts of an Azerbaijani poet and playwright Huseyn Javid written in 1918. Ideological credo of Javid is revealed in the play a mysthic flaw is strongly expressed and the poet’s thoughts about a problem of human’s happiness followed by the imperialistic war are reflected in the poem.Initially the tragedy was staged in 1920 by Abbas Mirza Sharifzadeh.
 Tsar Maximilian (Russian: Царь Максимилиан) is a well-known and complex Russian folk theatre having enjoyed wide popularity throughout European Russia from the 18th to the early 20th century.
 The House Beyond Your Sky is a science fiction short story written in 2006 by Benjamin Rosenbaum.The story is about Matthias a priest of an extremely ancient and highly advanced race of beings who inhabit a cold and dying universe. Matthias maintains a library of virtual universes including the one inhabited by humans. However he has also begun to construct a new real universe attracting the attention of one of the most powerful members of his race.
 The Gap in the Curtain is a 1932 novel by John Buchan. It is borderline science fiction.
 Six from Sirius is a comic book mini-series created by Doug Moench and Paul Gulacy and published by Epic Comics in 1984. It was followed by a sequel series in 1985 titled Six from Sirius II. The plot focuses on six intergalactic agents working for a governmental organization.
 The Bell System Technical Journal was a periodical publication by the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&T) in New York devoted to the scientific and engineering aspects of electrical communication. It was published under this name from 1922 until 1983 when the breakup of the Bell System placed various parts of the system into separate companies. However publication continued under different names until 1995.
 Deep Storm is the third solo novel by American author Lincoln Child published on January 30 2007.
 Book of a Thousand Days is a 2007 young adult fantasy novel by Shannon Hale. It is based on the Brothers Grimm fairy tale Maid Maleen.
 Youth Without Youth (Romanian: Tinereţe fără tinereţe) is a 1976 novella by Romanian author Mircea Eliade. It follows the life of Dominic Matei an elderly Romanian intellectual who experiences a cataclysmic event that allows him to live a new life with startling intellectual capacity. In 2007 it was adapted into a film by Francis Ford Coppola also titled Youth Without Youth.
 Pirate Freedom (2007) is a fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe about a young man who is transported back in time and becomes a pirate.
 Abomination (1998) is a novel by the author Robert Swindells dealing with themes of Religious extremism Adolescence Bullying and relationships as well as integrating the intriguing question of what its title refers to.
 The American Journal of Physical Anthropology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official journal of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists. It was established in 1918 by Aleš Hrdlička (U.S.
 MAA FOCUS is the newsmagazine of the Mathematical Association of America. It carries news items and short articles of interest to the organization's members.Beginning in 2009 the magazine is published six times a year; previously it was published nine times a year.The magazine is printed on glossy paper with a final trim size of 8-1/4 inches wide by 10-5/8 inches high.Circulation in 2008 was 22400.The magazine was first published in March 1981; the first editor was Marcia P.
 X-Men: Legacy is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics featuring the mutant superhero team the X-Men.The title began its publication in October 1991 as X-Men. From 2001 until 2004 it was published as New X-Men. It had reverted in issue #157 to its original title but changed again from issue #208 to X-Men: Legacy. Prior to the name change the series is usually referred to as X-Men vol. 2 because the first series currently Uncanny X-Men was titled The X-Men prior to 1981.
 Bared to You is a 2012 New York Times bestselling erotic new adult romance novel by veteran writer Sylvia Day focusing on the complicated relationship between two twentysomething protagonists with equally abusive pasts. The novel was initially self-published on April 3 2012 by Day with Berkley Books re-publishing the book on June 12 2012 with an initial print run of 500000 copies.
 The Mindanao Examiner is an independent regional newspaper published and edited every week with general circulation in Mindanao Philippines.It is located at the Unit 15 3F Fairland Bldg. Mayor Vitaliano Agan Avenue Zamboanga City. It offers video productions and has a cable channel in Pagadian City in Zamboanga del Sur province (KISMET Cable TV).
 Dee Snider's Strangeland: Seven Sins is a 2007–2008 comic book limited series prequel based on the 1998 Dee Snider film Strangeland
 Ancient Engines is a science fiction short story published in 1999 by Michael Swanwick. It was nominated for the 2000 Hugo Award for Best Short Story as well as the 1999 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 Green Lantern/Superman: Legend of the Green Flame was a one-shot prestige format comic book published in 2000 by DC Comics.
 Analytical and Bioanalytical Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research articles in the broad field of analytical and bioanalytical chemistry. Some of the subjects covered are the development of instruments for mass spectrometry metallomics ionics and the analytical characterization of nano- and biomaterials. The journal was first published in 1862 under the name Fresenius’ Journal of Analytical Chemistry.
 Isard's Revenge (1999) is the eighth novel in the Star Wars: X-wing series. It marks a return by writer Michael A. Stackpole to the series he created after a hiatus of three novels by Aaron Allston. In returning to the series Stackpole brought back a number of elements that made the original four books popular: General Wedge Antilles has returned as commander of the New Republic X-wing unit Rogue Squadron and former Imperial leader Ysanne Isard is once again the villain.
 The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe without Design is a 1986 book by Richard Dawkins in which he presents an explanation of and argument for the theory of evolution by means of natural selection. He also presents arguments to refute certain criticisms made on his previous book The Selfish Gene.
 In His Steps is a best-selling book written by Charles Monroe Sheldon. First published in 1896 the book has sold more than 30000000 copies and ranks as one of the best-selling books of all time.
 American Heritage of Invention & Technologywas a quarterly magazine dedicated to the history of technology. It was a spinoff of American Heritage magazine. It started in the summer of 1985 and there were three issues a year until 1992 when it became quarterly. Following the Summer 2007 issue (volume 23 number 1) publication was suspended (along with American Heritage itself).
 Post Road is an American literary magazine founded in 1999 that publishes fiction nonfiction criticism poetry art and theatre. In addition to these traditional genres the magazine also features a Recommendations section in which established writers suggest their favorite work and an Etcetera section which presents literary curiosities such as letters reprints and interviews. Post Road is published biannually by the Department of English at Boston College.
 Far Boundaries is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by August Derleth. It was first published by Pellegrini & Cudahy in 1951. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Variety Dublin Literary Magazine Knight’s Quarterly Magazine Scribner's Astounding Stories The Arkham Sampler Planet Stories Super Science Stories Thrilling Wonder Stories Startling Stories The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction Blue Book and Galaxy.
 POZ is a monthly magazine that chronicles the lives of people affected by HIV/AIDS. Its website Poz.com has daily HIV/AIDS news treatment information forums blogs and personals. The magazine was founded in 1994 by Sean Strub an HIV-positive and openly gay businessman and activist. Before launching POZ Strub was involved with numerous social issues including politics environmentalism civil rights LGBT rights and HIV/AIDS.
 The New York Times Magazine is a Sunday magazine supplement included with the Sunday edition of The New York Times. It is host to feature articles longer than those typically in the newspaper and has attracted many notable contributors. The magazine is also noted for its photography especially relating to fashion and style.
 The Weapon is a science fiction novel written by Michael Z. Williamson published in 2005 by Baen Books. The Weapon continues the Freehold series. It begins prior to Freehold and ends approximately two years afterwards and follows the story of Kenneth Chinran.
 Digimon Adventure V-Tamer 01 (デジモンアドベンチャーVテイマー01 Dejimon Adobenchā V-Teimā 01) was the longest-running Digimon manga printed in the pages of V-Jump magazine. Starting on November 21 1998 it ran to fifty-eight chapters and ended on August 21 2003. This manga introduces the character of Taichi - although he is not the same Taichi that features in the Digimon Adventure TV series both are quite similar in personality and nearly identical in appearance.
 11 Freunde (German for 11 friends) is a German sports magazine. The magazine founded in 2000 by Reinaldo Coddou H. and Philipp Köster. It is published monthly in Berlin.The magazine's name was inspired by a quote from a soccer tactics book by Richard Girulatis (1920): Elf (11) Freunde müsst ihr sein wenn ihr Siege wollt erringen which can be translated as if you want to win you have to be eleven friends.
 At the Back of the North Wind is a children's book by George MacDonald. It was serialized in the children's magazine Good Words for the Young beginning in 1868 and was published in book form in 1871. It is a fantasy centered on a boy named Diamond and his adventures with the North Wind. Diamond travels together with the mysterious Lady North Wind through the nights.
 Archivos de Medicina Veterinaria is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Faculty of Veterinary Sciences of the Southern University of Chile. It covers research on a wide range of veterinary medicine and animal welfare topics.
 The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comic strip was started on December 10 1990 by Creator's Syndicate as a daily. The strip ceased publication in January 1997.The strip ran seven days a week but (at least for part of its run) the Saturday strips consisted only of fan art and was not part of the storyline which was published Monday-Friday.
 Tuulihaukka (Finnish: Kestrel or The Wind Falcon) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Kawitharabi Thiri-Pawara Agga-Maha-Dhammarazadiraza-Gura commonly known as Dhanyawaddy Ayedawbon (Burmese: ဓညဝတီ အရေးတော်ပုံ) is a Burmese chronicle covering the history of Arakan from time immemorial to Konbaung Dynasty's annexation of Mrauk-U Kingdom in 1785. It was written soon after the annexation to salvage Arakanese history after most of Mrauk-U's historical records were burned down by Konbaung forces in 1785.
 Crime in the Kennel is the 133rd book in the Hardy Boys Digests series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 Twilight in the Forbidden City (Chinese: 紫禁城的黄昏; pinyin: Zǐjìnchéng de Huánghūn) is Reginald Johnston's 486-page memoir of the Xuantong Emperor or Henry Puyi as he eventually became known.Johnston was tutor to the Emperor and an eyewitness to Chinese events in the years of the 1920s and 1930s. Johnston was also a professor of Chinese at the University of London as well as the British Commissioner of Weihaiwei.
 The Legend of Mother Sarah (沙流羅 Sāra) is a manga written by Katsuhiro Otomo and illustrated by Takumi Nagayasu. The manga is published in Kodansha's Young Magazine.
 (Ibn al-Ṣalāḥ's) Introduction to the Science of Hadith (Arabic: Muqaddimah ibn al-Ṣalāḥ fī `Ulūm al-Ḥadīth – مقدمة ابن الصلاح في علوم الحديث‎) is a 13th-century book written by `Abd al-Raḥmān ibn `Uthmān al-Shahrazūrī better known as Ibn al-Ṣalāḥ which describes the Islamic discipline of the science of hadith its terminology and the principals of biographical evaluation.
 The Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics is the monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics published by Elsevier. It covers research in nutritional science medical nutrition therapy public health nutrition food science and biotechnology foodservice systems leadership and management and dietetics education.
 Neonatal Network: The Journal of Neonatal Nursing is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal on neonatal nursing. It is the official journal of the Academy of Neonatal Nursing and is published by Springer Publishing. Neonatal Network was established in 1981. As of 2012 the editor-in-chief is Debbie Fraser.
 Family Ties is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Delacorte Press in June 2010. The book is Steel's eighty first novel.
 My Best Friend Bob is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Georgie Ripper first published in 2003. Brian and Bob are guinea pigs who live in a cage in Pete's Pet Palace. One day they are cruelly separated when Bob is sold and suddenly taken away from the pet shop. Brian is inconsolable as he now has no-one to play I-Spy with and even a peanut can't cheer him up.
 The Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health is a peer-reviewed public health journal that covers all aspects of epidemiology and public health. It is published by the BMJ Group.
 Ptolemaic Terrascope is a magazine covering old and new music usually of a psychedelic nature. It has been published irregularly since 1989. Although originally published by the Woronzow record label it was never simply a vehicle for publicizing Nick Saloman's band the Bevis Frond or other artists on his Woronzow label but rather covers a wide variety of bands and artists from the 1960s to the present day.
 Amityville – The Nightmare Continues is a 1991 horror novel written by Robin Karl. It is the final installment and attempted reboot of The Amityville Horror book series.
 The Line of Beauty is a 2004 Booker Prize-winning novel by Alan Hollinghurst.
 The Tale of Frol Skobeev (Russian: Повесть о Фроле Скобеевe Povest' o Frole Skobeeve) is an anonymous Russian tale dating from the late seventeenth century or early eighteenth century. The tale is significant as it is one of the earliest Russian literary works to refer to fornication and roguery without any overtones of Christian moral judgment from the narrator.
 Big K was a multi format magazine published by IPC Magazines Ltd during the 1980s. The design of the magazine was very similar in style to their comic strip publications at the time Eagle and Roy of the Rovers and seemed to be aimed squarely at the younger computer user.
 Terry is a pictorial biography of Terry Fox written by Canadian author Douglas Coupland in 2005 to commemorate the 25th anniversary of Fox's death in 1981.
 Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's (魔法少女リリカルなのは エース Mahō Shōjo Ririkaru Nanoha Ēsu) (A's is pronounced as Ace) is a television anime series produced by Seven Arcs. It is the second anime in the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha franchise following the previous series. The series aired in Japan between October 1 2005 and December 25 2005 and was licensed in North America by Geneon.
 Indagationes Mathematicae (from Latin: inquiry search investigation of the mathematics) is a mathematics journal published quarterly by the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences department of Mathematical Sciences. First published in 1951.It is printed by Elsevier.
 Metal Forces is a British publication founded in 1983 which promotes the music genres heavy metal and hard rock. Metal Forces was well known for its coverage of unsigned bands through its Demolition feature and championed the likes of Metallica Slayer Megadeth HellsBelles Overkill Death and Poison long before they had secured record deals. They are credited as contributing in this fashion to the success of the band Anacrusis.
 Atashin'chi (あたしンち Atashinchi short for atashi no uchi literally my home or my family in feminine and spoken form) is a comedy manga by Eiko Kera and an anime adaptation that was produced from 2002 to 2009. It is an episode-based animated sitcom of the daily experiences of a family of four (the Tachibana family). The series won the 42nd Bungeishunjū Manga Award in 1996.
 Speed Bump is a single-panel cartoon series by Dave Coverly syndicated since 1994 by Creators Syndicate.Describing his cartoons Coverly commented Basically he says if life were a movie these would be the outtakes.Speed Bump is published in more than 400 newspapers and websites including The Washington Post Toronto Globe and Mail Detroit Free Press Chicago Tribune Indianapolis Star Cleveland Plain Dealer Cincinnati Enquirer New Orleans Times-Picayune St.
 Othello (オセロ) is a shōjo manga series by Satomi Ikezawa. It was originally serialized by Kodansha in Bessatsu Friend and collected in seven tankōbon volumes. It is distributed by Del Rey Manga in North America. The story is about a shy naive Japanese teenager with a split personality. The manga is titled after the board game Othello and not the Shakespearian play.
 The Prize of Peril is a science fiction short-story by Robert Sheckley. It was first published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction in May 1958 and first collected in Store of Infinity in 1960 by Bantam Books. The short story is noted for its plot's anticipation of reality television shows such as Survivor and Fear Factor by several decades.
 Doctor Fischer of Geneva or The bomb party (1980) is a novel by the English novelist Graham Greene. The eponymous party has been examined as an example of a statistical search problem.
 Boy Overboard is a play by Australian playwright Patricia Cornelius. It was adapted from the novel of the same name by Morris Gleitzman. It is published by Currency Press.
 Cycle of Violence also known as Crossmaheart is the first stand-alone novel by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman released on 13 November 1995 through HarperCollins. The novel follows a journalist named Miller and his appointment in the hostile town of Crossmaheart; it was well received by reviewers. A movie adaptation has been made named Crossmaheart also and was featured in a number of film festivals.
 The Sioux City Journal is the daily newspaper and website of Sioux City Iowa. Founded in 1864 the publication now covers northwestern Iowa and portions of Nebraska and South Dakota.The Journal has won numerous state regional and national awards. It was named one of the 10 that do it right by the publishing trade journal Editor and Publisher in 2009 and 2013.The Journal is owned by Lee Enterprises Inc.
 The An Nam chí lược (literally Abbreviated Records of An Nam) is an historical text that was compiled by the Vietnamese historian Lê Tắc during his exile in China in early 14th century. Published for the first time in 1335 during the reign of the Yuan Dynasty An Nam chí lược became one of the few historical books about Đại Việt that survive from the 14th and 15th centuries and it is considered the oldest historical work by a Vietnamese that has been preserved.
 Skinny Bastard': A Kick-in-the-Ass for Real Men Who Want to Stop Being Fat and Start Getting Buff is the fifth book from Rory Freedman and Kim Barnouin. The same tough love approach is directed at men this time following the same basic principles.
 The Big Fellow is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Vance Palmer.
 El Criticón is a Spanish novel by Baltasar Gracián published in three parts in the years 1651 1653 and 1657. It is considered the greatest work of Gracián and it's one of the most influential works in Spanish literature along with Don Quixote and La Celestina. El Criticón collects and expands all of his previous works novelistically.The work takes the form of an allegory covering the whole life of Andrenio representing two facets of him: impulsive and inexperienced.
 Creature in the Teacher is the 13th book in the Spooksville series. In the UK it is named Alien Invasion!
 Iron Man (vol. 4) was an ongoing comic book series published for four years from January 2005 to January 2009 by Marvel Comics starring the superhero Iron Man. It was the fourth series with this title to be published following series that ran from 1968–1996 1996–1997 and 1998-2004. Over the course of its run it was published under the different titles: The Invincible Iron Man (#1-12) and Iron Man: Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.
 Traveling in Sin is a memoir by American authors Lisa Niver Rajna and George Rajna of We Said Go Travel that is written in the voices of the story’s two leading protagonists who met on-line in January 2007.
 Scientific Review of Alternative Medicine (SRAM) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Commission for Scientific Medicine and Mental Health. SRAM was established by Wallace Sampson (Stanford University) and Paul Kurtz (Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal).
 The Lincoln Hunters is a 1958 novel by Wilson Tucker.
 Squire is the third book in the series Protector of the Small by fantasy author Tamora Pierce. It details Keladry of Mindelan's (Kel's) continuing quest for knighthood.
 Engineering News-Record (widely known as ENR) is a weekly magazine that provides news analysis data and opinion for the construction industry worldwide.
 A Common Story (Обыкнове́нная исто́рия) is a debut novel by Ivan Goncharov written in 1844-1846 and first published in the 1847 March and April issues of Sovremennik magazine.
 The Christian Post is a nondenominational Evangelical Christian newspaper based in Washington D.C. Launched initially as an online publication the newspaper was founded in 2000 to deliver news information and commentaries relevant to Christians across denominational lines and to bring greater attention to activities of Christians and Christian groups in United States and around the world. It moved its headquarters from San Francisco California to Washington D.C. in 2006.
 Not Quite Dead Enough is a Nero Wolfe double mystery by Rex Stout published in 1944 by Farrar & Rinehart Inc. The volume contains two novellas that first appeared in The American Magazine: Not Quite Dead Enough (abridged December 1942) Booby Trap (August 1944)These two stories have the distinction of being the only two stories where Archie Goodwin Wolfe's live-in employee in all the other Nero Wolfe stories wears the uniform of the United States Army.
 The Journal of the Learning Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal and an official publication of the International Society of the Learning Sciences. It covers research on learning and education and is published by Taylor & Francis publishers. It was started in 1991 by founding editor Janet L. Kolodner from the Georgia Institute of Technology. The current editors are Cindy E. Hmelo-Silver (Rutgers University) and Yasmin B. Kafai 'University of Pennsylvania Graduate School of Education).
 Primal Fear is the 1993 thriller novel by William Diehl about Aaron Stampler an altar boy accused of murder and Martin Vail the attorney defending him. It was adapted into a film of the same name in 1996 starring Richard Gere and Edward Norton.The characters of Stampler and Vail appear in two additional novels by author Diehl Show of Evil and Reign in Hell.
 Gulf News is a daily English language newspaper published from Dubai.
 For the 2004 resurrection of the Bulletin see The Bulletin (newspaper).The Philadelphia Bulletin was a daily evening newspaper published from 1847 to 1982 in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was the largest circulation newspaper in Philadelphia for 76 years and was once the largest evening newspaper in the United States. It was widely known for its slogan: In Philadelphia nearly everybody reads The Bulletin.
 Cheryl: My Story is an autobiography written by British recording artist Cheryl Cole co-written with Rachel Murphy. It was published by Harper on 11 October 2012. In addition to dealing with her childhood and her rise to fame as a member of the girl group Girls Aloud Cole also discusses her volatile marriage with the footballer Ashley Cole her life-threatening battle with malaria and her relationship with The X Factor boss Simon Cowell.
 Pacific Magazine was a regional news and current affairs magazine and online news agency specializing in the coverage of the Pacific Islands region including Melanesia Micronesia and Polynesia. Pacific Magazine was headquartered and published in Honolulu Hawaii.Pacific Magazine was published bi-monthly from 1976 until July 2008 when it transitioned to a completely online magazine.
 MEG: A Novel of Deep Terror is a science fiction novel by Steve Alten and was first published in July 1997. The novel along with its sequels follows the under water adventures of a U.S Navy deep sea diver Jonas Taylor.
 Batman: Dead White is a novel set in the universe of DC Comics superhero Batman and was penned by cyberpunk/science fiction author John Shirley. The novel is a tie-in with the 2005 Christopher Nolan film Batman Begins.
 Otaku USA is a bimonthly magazine published by Sovereign Media which covers various elements of the otaku lifestyle (such as anime manga video games cosplay and Japanese popular music) from an American perspective. The issues were accompanied by a DVD featuring three anime episodes but as of 2009 the DVD feature was dropped and the double sided poster feature of the Magazine was also dropped starting with the February 2010 issue.Otaku USA began publication in August 2007.
 Haunted is a 2005 novel by Chuck Palahniuk. The plot is a frame story for a series of 23 short stories most preceded by a free verse poem. Each story is followed by a chapter of the main narrative is told by a character in main narrative and ties back into the main story in some way.
 Archer's Goon is a 1984 fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones both for the young adult and adult markets. It was nominated for the 1985 World Fantasy Award for Best Novel and is listed as an ALA Notable Children's Book an ALA Best Book for Young Adults and a Boston Globe-Horn Book Award Honor Book.
 Commodore Power/Play was a one of a pair of computer magazines published by Commodore Business Machines in the United States in support of their 8-bit home computer lines of the 1980s. The other was called Commodore Microcomputers. The two magazines were published on an alternating bimonthly schedule.Power/Play was targeted at the home computer user emphasizing video games educational and hobbyist uses of the Commodore 64/128 and Commodore VIC-20 models.
 The Dharma of Star Wars is a book by Matthew Bortolin. The book is a primer for basic Buddhist philosophy using the fictional characters and events of the Star Wars saga to explicate the Buddha's teachings.Bortolin an ordained Zen Buddhist and Star Wars fan explains the principles and practices of Buddhism through the words and actions of Darth Vader Luke Skywalker Yoda and other Star Wars characters.
 Theology from the Womb of Asia is a non-fiction theology book written by Choan Seng Song in 1986 and published in New York. The book examines the nature of Christian theology as interpreted in Asia.
 Muromi-san (波打際のむろみさん Namiuchigiwa no Muromi-san lit.Muromi-san on the shore) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Keiji Najima. It was adapted into an anime television series.
 America Again: Re-becoming The Greatness We Never Weren't is a 2012 satirical book written by Stephen Colbert and other writers of The Colbert Report as a follow-up to 2007's I Am America (And So Can You!). It is published by Grand Central Publishing. The book was released on October 2 2012. Its audiobook was nominated for and won the 2014 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album making for Colbert's second nomination for the award as well as his third Grammy nomination overall.
 Lydia Bailey is a historical novel by the American writer Kenneth Roberts which was first published in 1947. It spent twelve weeks at the top of the list of The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 1947.The book is set in the 1800s during the Haitian Revolution with the action taking place in Haiti France and amongst the Barbary pirates. Albion Hamlin a young American develops an obsession for Lydia Bailey a woman he has never set eyes on.
 Assholes Finish First is a book by Tucker Max detailing anecdotal stories usually revolving around drinking and sex. It is the sequel to I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell.The book debuted at Number 3 on The New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover nonfiction on October 17 2010 and remained on the list for 14 consecutive weeks.Assholes Finish First was released in paperback on October 18 2011.
 A fekete város (The Black City or The Black Town) is a Hungarian novel of Kálmán Mikszáth set in the town of Lőcse today Levoča. It is based on real historical events but the story and dialogue are fictional.
 The Guest (L'Hôte) is a short story by the French writer Albert Camus. It was first published in 1957 as part of a collection entitled Exile and the Kingdom (L'exil et le royaume). The French title L'Hôte translates into both the guest and the host which ties back to the relationship between the main characters of the story. Camus employs this short tale to reflect upon issues raised by the political situation in French North Africa.
 Jataka Tattva is a standard treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology and follows the Parashari System. It is written in Sanskrit. Its author has adopted the Sutra method for imparting knowledge of astrology instead of the traditional Sloka format. A great deal of importance is given to Medicine and Astrology.
 La Nueva España is a daily newspaper in Spain. Published in Oviedo it's the tenth-largest newspaper by circulation in Spain and the largest in Asturias with a daily circulation of 57000.
 The Bohol Chronicle popularly known as the Chronicle is the most widely read local community newspaper in the province of Bohol. It is distributed every Wednesday and Sunday.
 Dreams of Speaking is a 2006 novel by Australian author Gail Jones.
 The Rider is a short Ruritanian romance by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was written in 1915 and first published as H.R.H. the Rider as a serial in All-Story Weekly from December 14–18 1918. Its first book publication paired it with an unrelated stale The Oakdale Affair in The Oakdale Affair and The Rider issued by Edgar Rice Burroughs Inc. in February 1937 and subsequently reprinted by Grosset & Dunlap in 1937 1938 and 1940.
 An American Journey: My Life on the Field In the Air and On the Air is a 2008 autobiography written by Jerry Coleman and Richard Goldstein. Coleman is a member of both the National Baseball Hall of Fame as well as the United States Marine Corps Sports Hall of Fame located at Marine Corps Base Quantico in Quantico Virginia.
 Beautiful Assassin is a historical fiction novel by Michael White. The book focuses on Lieutenant Tat'yana Levchenko whose husband goes missing and daughter is killed inspiring her to become a soldier. After becoming a Soviet hero for killing over 300 Germans she is wounded in battle and while recovering is asked to come to the United States at the request of First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt to promote the war effort.
 The Canadian Journal of Philosophy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy that was established in 1971 by John King-Farlow Kai Nielsen T.M. Penelhum and W.W. Rozeboom. It is published by the University of Calgary Press. Besides the regular issues a supplementary volume is produced once per year consisting of invited papers on a particular philosophical topic.
 The Norman Transcript is a daily newspaper published in Norman Oklahoma USA covering Cleveland and McClain counties in the southern suburbs of Oklahoma City. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The Norman Transcript is the oldest business in Norman Oklahoma.
 Heart Rhythm is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the study and management of cardiac arrhythmia. It is the official journal of the Heart Rhythm Society and the Cardiac Electrophysiology Society. Its major focus is research and therapy of heart rhythm disorders including mechanisms and electrophysiology clinical and experimental genetics ablation devices drugs and surgery.
 The European Review of Economic History is an international peer-reviewed academic journal published three times per year by Cambridge University Press in association with the European Historical Economics Society. The journal intends to be a publishing outlet for research into European comparative and world economic history through the medium of research articles shorter note and comments debates surveys and review articles.
 Journal of Personality is a bimonthly academic journal covering Personality Psychology. The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell and the current editor-in-Chief is Howard Tennen. The Journal of Personality publishes research on personality – particularly on personality and behavior dynamics personality development and cognitive affective and interpersonal individual differences.According to the 2012 Journal Citation Reports its impact factor is 2.44.
 AJS Review published on behalf of the Association for Jewish Studies publishes scholarly articles and book reviews covering the field of Jewish Studies. From biblical and rabbinic textual and historical studies to modern history social sciences the arts and literature the journal welcomes articles of interest to both academic and lay audiences around the world.
 Azumi (あずみ) is a Japanese manga series created by Yū Koyama in 1994. The manga was originally published by Shogakukan and serialized in Big Comic Superior and was later adapted to two feature films starring Aya Ueto a video game and a stage play. Azumi received an Excellence Prize at the 1997 Japan Media Arts Festival and the Shogakukan Manga Award in 1998.
 In Search of My Father: The Journey of a Child Holocaust Survivor is a 2010 book by a Holocaust survivor Paul Drexler. The book chronicles the author's research about his father's death during a British bombardment days before German capitulation.
 Manifestoes of Surrealism is a book by André Breton describing the aims meaning and political position of the Surrealist movement. It was published in 1969 by the University of Michigan press.
 Dragon Sword and Wind Child (ISBN 0-374-30466-1) is the first book of award-winning fantasy writer Noriko Ogiwara.
 The Holy Temple is a 1980 book by Boyd K. Packer that discusses the doctrine and purpose of the temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) including an explanation of the entrance requirements. The book also explains why LDS Church teachings focus on family history and genealogy and how this relates to the temples.The Holy Temple was published by Bookcraft. Since its publication excerpts have regularly appeared in official magazines of the LDS Church.
 Averroës's Search (original Spanish title: La Busca de Averroes) is a 1947 short story by the Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. Originally published in the magazine Sur it was later included in his second anthology of short stories El Aleph.
 Brainwaves is a single-panel cartoon series by Betsy Streeter a cartoonist and writer who resides in Northern California USA. Brainwaves began in 1993 as single cartoons published by King Features Syndicate through their feature The New Breed. After that Brainwaves began to appear in numerous books and periodicals including the Daily Press in Newport News Virginia. For a time Brainwaves was syndicated online by the Universal Press Syndicate on its GoComics site.
 The Woman Who Walked Into Doors (1996) is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle adapted from the 1994 RTÉ/BBC miniseries Family.
 A Country Doctor (German: Ein Landarzt) is a short story written in 1919 by Franz Kafka. It was first published in the collection of short stories of the same title.
 A Spy in the House of Love is a novel by Anaïs Nin published in 1954. Alongside her other novels Ladders to Fire Children of the Albatross The Four-Chambered Heartand Seduction of the Minotaur which were all first published in the United States between the 1940s and 1960s A Spy in the House of Love was gathered into a collection of her novels known as Cities of the Interior.The novel follows the character of Sabina; a woman who dares to enjoy the sexual licence that men have always known.
 Le Bon Père (English: The Good Father) is a one act comedy by Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian. It was first performed by the Comédie Italienne in 1784. Le Bon Père is the last of a trilogy of plays called The Arlequinades that tell the story of Arlequin his wife Argentine and later their children. The other two plays in the series are Les Deux Billets and Le Bon Ménage.
 Rituals (Dutch: Rituelen) is a 1980 novel by the Dutch writer Cees Nooteboom. The narrative follows two friends one who breaks rules frequently and one who follows them strictly. It was Nooteboom's first novel in 17 years; after finishing The Knight Has Died from 1963 he had instead worked as a journalist and traveled around the world looking for something to write about.Rituals won the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prize.
 Kurohime (魔砲使い黒姫 Mahōtsukai Kurohime literally meaning Magic User Kurohime) is a manga series authored by Masanori Ookamigumi Katakura (片倉・狼組・政憲 Katakura Ōkamigumi Masanori). The manga began its run in 2002 and had been serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump. It will be one of the pilot manga in the new monthly shōnen book's website Jump Square. An English-language version of the manga is published by Viz Media.
 Then and Now is a historical novel by W. Somerset Maugham. Set in Florence Italy during the Renaissance the story focuses on three months in the life of Niccolo Machiavelli the Florentine politician diplomat philosopher and writer in the early years of the 16th century. The book was first published by Heinemann in 1946.
 Armadale (1866) is a mystery novel by Wilkie Collins.
 Now I Lay Me is a short story by American author Ernest Hemingway.The short story Now I Lay Me is a part of Ernest Hemingway's collection of short stories entitled Men Without Women which was published in 1927. Now I Lay Me takes place in war torn Europe specifically in Italy. Many of Ernest Hemingway's stories take place in Italy due to his extensive experiences there. Now I Lay Me is a short story about two men sleeping in a tent.
 The Yankee Years is a book written by Tom Verducci and Joe Torre. The book chronicles Torre's years as manager of Major League Baseball's New York Yankees from 1996 to 2007. It goes into great detail on Torre's relationship with the players general manager Brian Cashman team owner George Steinbrenner and the Yankees organization as a whole.
 The Last of the Greats is a comic book limited series owned by writer Joshua Hale Fialkov and artist Brent Peeples. It was published by Image Comics from October 5 2011 through February 2012. A sequel Return of the Greats is forthcoming.
 Ten Little Wizards is a novel by Michael Kurland featuring Randall Garrett's alternate history detective Lord Darcy. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in 1988.The Lord Darcy stories are set in an alternate world whose history supposedly diverged from our own during the reign of King Richard the Lionheart in which King John never reigned and most of western Europe and the Americas are united in an Angevin Empire whose continental possessions were never lost by that king.
 Doctor Sax (Doctor Sax: Faust Part Three) is a novel by Jack Kerouac published in 1959. Kerouac wrote it in 1952 while living with William S. Burroughs in Mexico City.
 Personal Agendas is the eighth book in the series of original science fiction novels based on the Emmy Award-winning series Babylon 5 created by J. Michael Straczynski. This book is authored by Al Sarrantonio.
 Blueprint Newspaper is a Nigerian daily print newspaper founded and published in Abuja Nigeria. The newspaper started as a weekly publication in May 2011 then switched to a daily paper in September 2011.
 Proteins : Structure Function and Bioinformatics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons which was established in 1986 by Cyrus Levinthal. The journal covers research on all aspects protein biochemistry including computation function structure design and genetics.
 The Scarab Murder Case (1929) is a classic whodunit written by S. S. Van Dine. In this book detective Philo Vance's murder investigation takes place in a private home that doubles as a museum of Egyptology and the solution depends in part on Vance's extensive knowledge of Egyptian history and customs which enable him to sort through suggestions of godly vengeance and reveal the misdirections perpetrated by the real murderer.
 The Wind Done Gone (2001) is the first novel written by Alice Randall. It was a bestselling historical novel that reinterprets the famous American novel Gone with the Wind (1936) by Margaret Mitchell.
 The Strawberry Statement is a non-fiction book by James Simon Kunen written when he was 19 which chronicled his experiences at Columbia University from 1966–1968 particularly the April 1968 protests and takeover of the office of the dean of Columbia by student protesters.
 The Devil in Velvet first published in 1951 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr. This novel is both a mystery and a historical novel with elements of the supernatural.
 The Crusades Through Arab Eyes (French: Les Croisades vues par les Arabes) is a French language historical essay by Lebanese author Amin Maalouf.As the name suggests the book is a narrative retelling of primary sources drawn from various Arab chronicles that seeks to provide an Arab perspective on the Crusades and especially regarding the Crusaders – the Franks (Franj) as the Arabs called them – who are considered cruel savage ignorant and culturally backward.From the first invasion in the eleventh century through till the general collapse of the Crusades in the thirteenth century the book constructs a narrative that is the reverse of that common in the Western world describing the main facts as bellicose and displaying situations of a quaint historic setting where Christians are viewed as barbarians unaware of the most elementary rules of honor dignity and social ethics.
 Target was a popular Indian children's magazine that was published monthly in English from 1979 to 1995. It featured a mix of reader contributions stories from regular writers do-it-yourself articles and several popular comic strips.
 Postieri is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The World Almanac and Book of Facts is a US-published reference work and is the bestselling almanac conveying information about such subjects as world changes tragedies sports feats etc.
 Birds of Prey is a 1997 novel by Wilbur Smith set in the late 17th century. The novel was the first in the third sequence of the Courtney series of novels and as of 2013 was chronologically the first in the entire series.Smith says the book established the characteristics of the family: Right from Birds of Prey... the Courtneys were pirates merchants looking to seize the main chance. They were very much driven by monetary considerations.
 At Bertram's Hotel is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 15 November 1965 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company the following year. The UK edition retailed at sixteen shillings (16/-) and the US edition at $4.50. It features the detective Miss Marple.
 Operator is a play by David Williamson. Williamson's son Felix played the lead role during its original production.
 Never Too Late is a 1962 Broadway play by Sumner Arthur Long.Never Too Late starred Paul Ford and Maureen O'Sullivan as Harry and Edith Lambert a middle-aged couple about to become parents once again. Starring as the couple's adult daughter Kate and her husband Charlie Clinton were Fran Sharon and Orson Bean as well as Leona Maricle and House Jameson as Grace and James Kimbrough.
 Rilindja e Arbënis is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Theology Today is an academic journal published by SAGE Publications for the Princeton Theological Seminary; it was formerly published by Westminster John Knox. It appears four times a year.The first issue of Theology Today appeared in April 1944. The lead editorial Our Aims by founder and editor John A. Mackay President of Princeton Theological Seminary set forth the aims of the journal as adopted by its Editorial Council.
 S. is a 2013 novel written by Doug Dorst and conceived by J.J. Abrams. The novel is unique in its format presented as a story within a story. It is composed of the fictional novel Ship of Theseus by a fictional author and hand-written notes filling the book's margins as a dialogue between two college students hoping to uncover the author's mysterious identity and the novel's secret plus loose supplementary materials tucked in between pages. S.
 King Solomon's Carpet (1991) is a novel by Barbara Vine pseudonym of Ruth Rendell. It is about the London Underground and the people frequenting it. Vine's novel is inhabited by ordinary passengers tube aficionados pickpockets buskers vigilantes and children who go sledging on the roofs of cars as an initiation rite.
 The 480 is a political fiction novel by Eugene Burdick (1964).The plot evolves around the political turmoil after John F. Kennedy assassination in 1963. In the novel a fictitious charismatic character John Thatch an engineer is seeking nomination for the RepublicanParty candidate at 1964 presidential elections. He is described as being contaminated with the political virus. A handful of political professionals is promoting his nomination in confrontation with the Party establishment.
 Treasure Box (1996) is the second horror novel by Orson Scott Card. It takes place in modern day America.
 Filosofický časopis is a peer-reviewed academic journal on philosophy. The journal was established in 1953 by the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences. Nowadays Filosofický časopis is published by the Institute for philosophy of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic.Filosofický časopis is the oldest philosophical journal among those which are now published in the Czech Republic. It covers all philosophical traditions and all the areas of philosophy.
 Global Media and Communication is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of communication studies. The editors-in-chief are Daya K. Thussu (University of Westminster) John Downing (Southern Illinois University) Des Freedman (Goldsmiths) Clemencia Rodríguez (University of Oklahoma) and Yuezhi Zhao. It was established in 2005 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Horror Book is a 2008 comic book anthology collecting four previously released titles into a trade paperback. Included titles are '68 Creature from the Depths Frankenstein and Full Moon.
 Frogs and Scientists is a short short story by science fiction author Frank Herbert. It appeared in the August-September 1979 edition of the anthology Destinies: The Paperback Magazine of Science Fiction and Speculative Fact edited by Jim Baen and later in Herbert’s 1985 short story collection Eye.
 Mission of Gravity is a science fiction novel by Hal Clement. The novel was serialized in Astounding Science Fiction magazine in April–July 1953. Its first hardcover book publication was in 1954 and it was first published as a paperback book in 1958. Along with the novel itself many editions (and most recent editions) of the book also include Whirligig World an essay by Clement on creating the planet Mesklin that was first published in the June 1953 Astounding.
 A Tale of Two Cities (1859) is a novel by Charles Dickens set in London and Paris before and during the French Revolution.
 Expert Opinion on Drug Discovery is a peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles on novel technologies involved in the drug discovery process that might result in new leads and reduced attrition rates.The Editor-in-Chief of the journal is David Janero from Northeastern University (USA).The journal publishes the following article types: Reviews Drug Case Histories Editorials Letters to the Editor
 Miscellaneous Writings is a collection of short stories essays and letters by author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1995 by Arkham House in an edition of 4959 copies. The volume was originally conceived by August Derleth and ultimately edited by S.T. Joshi with input from James Turner.
 Nocturnes: Five Stories of Music and Nightfall is a 2009 collection of short fiction by Kazuo Ishiguro. After six novels it is Ishiguro first collection of short stories though described by the publisher as a story cycle. As the subtitle suggests each of the five stories focuses on music and musicians and the close of day. The hardback was published by Faber and Faber in the United Kingdom on 7 May 2009 and in the United States by Knopf in September 2009.
 The Fifty Worst Films of All Time (And How They Got That Way) is a 1978 book by Harry Medved with Randy Dreyfuss and Michael Medved. This book represents choices for the 50 worst sound films ever made in alphabetical order.
 Silversands (ISBN 1906864063 published by Pendragon Press) is the debut novel by the science fiction author Gareth L. Powell.
 The Cool War is a science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl published in 1981 by Del Rey Books.
 The Wilson Times is a daily newspaper based in Wilson North Carolina covering Wilson County. The newspaper is owned by Wilson Times Co. The paper began as Zion's Landmark established in 1867 by the pastor of the Wilson Primitive Baptist Church. In 1896 that pastor founded The Wilson Times a weekly newspaper. In 1902 the paper began daily publication as The Wilson Daily Times.
 The Guardian is a Belizean newspaper and the official print organ of the United Democratic Party.It is published on Thursdays and sells for BZ$1.00.
 Mfumu'eto is a magazine that was established in the 1990s by a high priest named Mfumu'eto. This individual ran a one-man publishing empire on the streets of Kinshasa. His arsenal of little comic books written in Lingala Tshiluba and French were made on low-quality paper. These comic books were self-produced using stencils and photocopying machines and distributed informally in the market place.
 The Bulpington of Blup a 1932 novel by H. G. Wells is a character study analyzing the psychological sources of resistance to Wellsian ideology and was influenced by Wells's acquaintance with Carl Gustav Jung and his ideas. The inner life of the protagonist Theodore Bulpington is dominated by a complex he calls The Bulpington of Blup. This self-regarding romantic heroic personality comes over time to dominate his existence falsifying his relations with the world.
 Lakome.com is an Independent Moroccan news website.
 Arabic Sciences and Philosophy subtitled A Historical Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press. The journal deals with the history of Arabic science mathematics and philosophy between the 8th and the 18th centuries in a cross-cultural context.
 Tsukiji Uogashi Sandaime (築地魚河岸三代目) is a Japanese manga series by Masaharu Nabeshima with art by Mitsuo Hashimoto. It has been adapted into a 2008 Japanese film directed by Shingo Matsubara. The film is intended to be part of a series.
 The Foundations of Psychoanalysis: A Philosophical Critique is a 1984 book by Adolf Grünbaum who provides a critique of Sigmund Freud and the scientific credentials of Freudian psychoanalytic theory. Grünbaum argues that there are methodological and epistemological reasons to conclude that some central Freudian theories are not well supported by empirical evidence.
 The Journal of Manipulative and Physiological Therapeutics is a peer-reviewed medical journal of chiropractic. It is published by Mosby on behalf of the American Chiropractic Association of which it is an official journal.
 Muinasmaa is a novel by Estonian author August Gailit. It was first published in 1918.
 The Tablelands Advertiser is the weekly newspaper published for residents of the Atherton Tableland and Mareeba area.The Tablelands Advertiser has a home delivery system that covers around four times the area of any other publication in the region. This means that over half of the 18729 copies are delivered to homes cattle stations and farms throughout the Far Northern rural region.
 This article is about the fantasy book. For the fictional character see Morgawr (character) For the Cornish sea monster see Morgawr (cryptid)Morgawr is the third book in the The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara fantasy trilogy by Terry Brooks. It was first published in 2002.
 Custom PC (usually abbreviated to 'CPC') is a UK-based computer magazine published by Dennis Publishing Ltd. It's aimed at PC hardware enthusiasts covering topics such as modding overclocking and PC gaming. The first issue was released in October 2003 and it is published monthly. Audited circulation figures are 19660 (ABC Jan-Dec 2006). Gareth Ogden retired as editor of Custom PC at the end of Issue 52.
 The Shoemaker is a play written by Susan Charlotte first staged at the off-Broadway Acorn Theater on 24 July 2011. The play was directed by Antony Marsellis and starred Danny Aiello as The Shoemaker Alma Cuervo as Hilary Lucy Devito as Louise and Michael Twaine providing Offstage Voices.
 Encounters with the Archdruid (1971) is a narrative nonfiction book by author John McPhee. Encounters is split into three parts each covering environmentalist David Brower's confrontations with his ideological enemies. The book chronicles his struggles against miners developers and finally the United States Bureau of Reclamation. McPhee blurs traditional journalism—the reporting of facts and accounting of events with thematic elements more common to fiction.
 Nightshift is a free monthly music magazine in Oxford England. Distributed via music venues pubs and shops it provides music news gig listings and reviews for the city and surrounding area.
 The Right to an Answer is a darkly comic 1960 novel by Anthony Burgess the first of his repatriate years (1960–69). One of its themes is the disillusionment of the returning exile. The critic William H Pritchard described the novel in a 1966 publication as surely Burgess' most engaging novel.
 Vera; or The Nihilists is a play by Oscar Wilde. It is a melodramatic tragedy set in Russia and is loosely based on the story of Vera Zasulich. It was Wilde's first play and the first to be performed. In 1880 with only a few copies privately printed arrangements were made with noted actresses for a production the United Kingdom but this never materialized.
 Charlie Chan Carries On (1930) is the fifth novel in the Charlie Chan series by Earl Derr Biggers.
 ACM Transactions on Multimedia Computing Communications and Applications (TOMCCAP) is a quarterly scientific journal that aims to disseminate the latest findings of note in the field of multimedia computing. It is published by the Association for Computing Machinery. The journal is described as follows on the ACM Digital Library website:...
 Perfect Circle is a 2004 novel by Sean Stewart. It was nominated for Nebula Award for Best Novel in 2004 and the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel in 2005. It is a contemporary realistic fantasy about an exorcist in Texas.
 Sketches by Boz Illustrative of Every-day Life and Every-day People (commonly known as Sketches by Boz) is a collection of short pieces Charles Dickens published as a book in 1836 with illustrations by George Cruikshank. The 56 sketches concern London scenes and people and the whole work is divided into four sections: Our Parish Scenes Characters and Tales.
 The American Catholic Philosophical Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal sponsored by the American Catholic Philosophical Association. It was founded in 1927 as The New Scholasticism and adopted its current title in 1990. The journal publishes articles and book reviews covering the entire range and history of Western philosophical thought. Contributions on non-Western philosophy are also published especially if they shed light upon issues in the Western tradition.
 Alamogordo Daily News founded in 1898 is a daily newspaper published in Alamogordo New Mexico. It carries local news as well as syndicated content from Associated Press and others.
 Ben Singkol is a 2001 novel written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José. It is about Benjamin Ben Singkol who is described as “perhaps the most interesting character” created by the author. Based on José's novel Singkol is a renowned novelist who wrote the book entitled Pain an autobiography written during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines. Through the fictional novel Singkol recalled the hardships experienced by the Filipinos during the occupation.
 Tadpole's Promise is a children's picture book written by Jeanne Willis and illustrated by Tony Ross published in 2003. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Silver Award and was longlisted for the Kate Greenaway Medal.
 Planet of Judgment is an early Star Trek novel written in 1977 by Joe Haldeman. According to the author he was approached for a two-book contract at the suggestion of Fred Pohl.
 Masquerades is a novel written by Kate Novak and Jeff Grubb that takes place in the Forgotten Realms setting. It is based on the campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.The novel features the continued adventure of the heroine Alias and her companion Dragonbait from the novel Azure Bonds and takes place after the events in the Finder's Stone trilogy.
 A Stranger to Command (2008) is a fantasy novel written by Sherwood Smith. It was written as a prequel to her first published work that takes place on the actual Sartorias-deles Crown Duel.
 Cuando quiero llorar no lloro (When I Mourn I Don't Cry) was the fifth novel by Venezuelan writer Miguel Otero Silva published on June 25 1970. It is considered one most important of Silva's works and of Venezuelan literature in general. The book is set within the historical events of Venezuela during the 1950s and 1960s and exposes the social and political conditions of Venezuela of that period of time.
 Molecular Biology of the Cell is a cellular and molecular biology textbook published by Garland Science and currently authored by Bruce Alberts Alexander Johnson Julian Lewis Martin Raff Keith Roberts and Peter Walter. The book was first published in 1983 and is now in its fifth edition.
 Aiura (あいうら) is a Japanese yonkoma manga series by Chama. It was first published on Niconico Seiga and later in Kadokawa Shoten's 4-Koma Nano Ace magazine. The manga ran between March 2011 and April 2014. An anime television series adaptation aired between April and June 2013.
 The Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace novelization was written by Terry Brooks and published on April 21 1999 by Del Rey. It is based on the script of the film of the same name and released with multiple covers including Darth Maul Obi-Wan Kenobi Anakin Skywalker and Queen Amidala.
 The Idea of Perfection is a 1999 novel by Australian author Kate Grenville.
 Literacy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published thrice annually by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the United Kingdom Literacy Association. The journal was established in 1967 as Reading and obtained its current name in 2004. It covers research on the study and development of literacy including topics such as phonics phonology morphology and language.
 The Gospel According to Jesus Christ (original title: O Evangelho Segundo Jesus Cristo 1991) is a novel by the Portuguese author José Saramago. A fictional re-telling of Jesus Christ's life it depicts him as a flawed humanised character with passions and doubts. The novel garnered controversy with some critics especially among the Roman Catholic Church accusing Saramago of possessing a substantially anti-religious vision.
 The Siskiyou Daily News is a daily newspaper serving Yreka California United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media who acquired it from Hollinger in 1997.
 The Hemingses of Monticello: An American Family is a 2008 book by American historian Annette Gordon-Reed. It recounts the history of four generations of the African-American Hemings family from their African and Virginia origins until the 1826 death of Thomas Jefferson their master Sally Hemings' partner and the father of her children.It is based on Gordon-Reed's study of legal records diaries farm books letters wills newspapers archives and oral history.
 Obesity Reviews is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal established in 2000 which publishes reviews on all obesity-related disciplines. It is the official journal of the International Association for the Study of Obesity and published on their behalf by Wiley-Blackwell. The editor-in-chief is David A. York (Utah State University).
 Famous Monsters of Filmland is a genre-specific film magazine started in 1958 by publisher James Warren and editor Forrest J Ackerman.Famous Monsters of Filmland directly inspired the creation of many other similar publications including Castle of Frankenstein Cinefantastique Fangoria The Monster Times and Video Watchdog.
 Apeiron: A Journal for Ancient Philosophy and Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal on ancient philosophy. It covers research in the area of ancient Greek and Roman philosophy and science up to the end of the classical period (roughly the seventh century CE).
 South Dakota Magazine is a bi-monthly magazine publication that explores the culture events history characters landscape and communities of South Dakota. Bernie Hunhoff founded the magazine in 1985 after several years in the newspaper business and his daughter Katie is currently the managing editor.
 Theoretical Criminology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the fields of criminology and penology. The journal's editors-in-chief are Mary Francesca Bosworth (University of Oxford) and Simon A. Cole (University of California). It was established in 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Rapeman (THE レイプマン) is a black comedy/satirical Japanese manga series for adults. It was credited as being supposedly created and written by Keiko Aisaki (愛崎けいこ) and illustrated by Shintaro Miyawaki (みやわき心太郎) and ran from 1985-92. In reality there was no Keiko Aisaki and the manga artist Miyawaki created this fictional co-author in order to lessen criticism of his work.
 DisneyWar is an exposé of Michael Eisner's 20-year tenure as Chairman and CEO at The Walt Disney Company by James B. Stewart. The book chronicles the careers and interactions of executives at Disney including Card Walker Ron W. Miller Roy E. Disney Frank Wells Jeffrey Katzenberg Michael Ovitz Joe Roth Robert Iger and Stan Kinsey.The book was released in 2005 and was published by Simon & Schuster.
 The Tenth Insight: Holding the Vision is the second novel in The Celestine Series beginning with The Celestine Prophecy by James Redfield. It was published in 1996.
 Scattered Poems is a collection of spontaneous poetry by Jack Kerouac. These poems were gathered from underground and ephemeral publications as wells as from notebooks kept by the author. Some poems include: San Francisco Blues the variant texts of Pull My Daisy and American haikus.
 Up Country is a thriller novel by Nelson DeMille released in 2002. Set in contemporary Vietnam the novel features the return of the character of Paul Brenner a retired US Army Chief Warrant Officer and an investigator for the United States Army Criminal Investigation Command and the protagonist of DeMille's The General's Daughter (1992).
 Two Caravans is a novel by Marina Lewycka. It was published by Penguin Books on 29 March 2007 for the United Kingdom market. In the United States and Canada it is published under the title Strawberry Fields. The book follows Lewycka's debut novel A Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian.
 Social Psychology Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes theoretical and empirical papers in the field of social psychology. The editors-in-chief are Karen A. Hegtvedt (Emory University) and Cathryn Johnson (Emory University). It is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the American Sociological Association of which this is an official journal.
 A Fair Cop is a 2008 memoir by Michael Bunting a former British police officer and current Restorative Justice Co-Ordinator. Bunting was charged with common assault after being beaten severely by someone whom he was attempting to restrain. The book was published by The Friday Project with the book currently being written to become a screen drama.
 Shakugan no Shana (灼眼のシャナ lit. Shana of the Burning Eyes) also known simply as Shana is a Japanese light novel series written by Yashichiro Takahashi with illustrations by Noizi Ito. ASCII Media Works published 26 novels from November 2002 to November 2012 under their Dengeki Bunko imprint. The story focuses on Yuji Sakai a high school boy who inadvertently becomes involved in an age-old conflict between forces of balance and imbalance in existence.
 Kampuchea Thmei Daily is a daily newspaper published in Cambodia. The papers headquarters are in Phnom Penh. The newspaper focuses on business and politics.
 The Whole Internet User's Guide & Catalog by Ed Krol was published in September 1992 by O'Reilly. The Los Angeles Times notes that the Whole Internet User's Guide and Catalog was the first popular book about the medium and was later selected by the New York Public Library as one of the most significant books of the 20th century. The title and format were inspired by Stewart Brand's Whole Earth Catalog.
 Separation of Power is Vince Flynn's fourth novel and the third to feature Mitch Rapp an American agent who works for the CIA as an operative for a covert counterterrorism unit called the Orion Team.
 The Road to Camlann: The Death of King Arthur is the third book in Rosemary Sutcliff's Arthurian trilogy after The Sword and the Circle and The Light Beyond the Forest. This book portrays the events that lead to the Battle of Camlann and the downfall of Camelot including Guinevere and Lancelot's secret affair and the betrayal of Arthur's illegitimate son Mordred.When at the end of the battle Ector laments Lancelot Sutcliff uses Thomas Malory's text from Le Morte d'Arthur.
 Dead Man's Cell Phone is a play by Sarah Ruhl. It explores the paradox of modern technology's ability to both unite and isolate people in the digital age. The play was awarded a Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding New Play.
 Impulse is a 2007 American young adult novel in verse written by Ellen Hopkins. The novel digs into the lives of three troubled teenagers as they try to work their way out of the hospital by getting through what put them there. Three teens three different stories one death wish. Their lives will intersect at a psych hospital.
 Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen (みんな集まれ！ファルコム学園 Minna Atsumare! Farukomu Gakuen lit. Everyone Assemble! Falcom Academy) is a Japanese 4-panel comedy manga series by Daisuke Arakubo serialized in Field Y's Falcom Magazine. It has been collected in two tankōbon volumes as of December 2013. An anime television series adaptation began airing from January 5 2014.The manga was serialized to celebrate the Japanese video game company Nihon Falcom's 30th anniversary.
 The Wolf Cub's Handbook is an instruction handbook written by Baden-Powell for Wolf Cubs (present-day Cub Scouts) and pack leaders. The book is based on the theme of the jungle described in a children's book The Jungle Book written by Baden-Powell's friend Rudyard Kipling.
 Fredriksstad Blad is the biggest local newspaper in Fredrikstad Norway. Having a rivalry with Demokraten it is published six days a week. The chief editor is Renè Svendsen.It was established in 1889 but had a predecessor in Ugeblad for Fredriksstad Sarpsborg og Omegn which started in 1843. It was published six times a week from 1905and seven times a week since 1997.
 The Second Invasion from Mars (Russian: Второе нашествие марсиан) subtitled Diary of a Sane [Person] (Russian: Записки здравомыслящего) is a relatively short 1968 science fiction novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky that portrays two weeks from the life of a common person in highly unusual circumstances.
 Hannah's Gift – Lessons From a Life Fully Lived is a non-fiction book by Maria Housden.
 Imajica is a fantasy novel by British author Clive Barker. Barker names it as his favourite of all his writings. The work 825 pages at its first printing in 1991 chronicles the events surrounding the reconciliation of Earth called the Fifth Dominion with the other four Dominions parallel worlds unknown to all but a select few of Earth's inhabitants. Wide in scope elaborate in its imagery and meticulous in its detail the novel covers themes such as God sex love gender and death.
 Mostly Harmless is a novel by Douglas Adams and the fifth book in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy trilogy. It is described on the cover of the first editions as The fifth book in the increasingly inaccurately named Hitchhikers Trilogy. It was the last Hitchhiker's book written by Adams.
 The Pearl is a novella by American author John Steinbeck published in 1947. It is the story of a pearl diver Kino and explores man's nature as well as greed and evil. Steinbeck's inspiration was a Mexican folk tale from La Paz Baja California Sur Mexico which he had heard in a visit to the formerly pearl-rich region in 1940. In 1947 it was adapted into a Mexican film named La perla.
 Human Crossing (人間交差点 Ningen Kōsaten) (aka. Human Scramble) is a Japanese manga written by Masao Yajima and illustrated by Kenshi Hirokane. The manga is about a series of unrelated stories of people's life and their lessons in life. Human Crossing received the 1985 Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general's manga.
 For the ancient seafaring raiders see Sea Peoples.The Sea People is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Newcastle Herald (branded as The Herald) is a local tabloid newspaper published daily Monday to Saturday in Newcastle New South Wales the largest non-capital city in Australia. It is the only local newspaper that serves the greater Hunter Region and Central Coast region six days a week. It is owned by Fairfax Media.
 In 2007 16 students from Wilton High School in Wilton CT developed a show consisting of memoirs drawn from letter of soldiers serving in Iraq. The process started as a short play that would be put on for the student body and the community. The play was banned from the high school because it was deemed sensational and inappropriate.. Coverage of the controversy in the New York Times brought national attention to the play.
 The Mystery Of The Flying Express is Volume 20 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by John Button in 1941. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1970 by Vincent Buranelli and retitled to Mystery of the Flying Express.
 The Hysterical Century (German: Die Kinder der Diktatur) is a 2011 book by Albrecht Behmel about the ideological roots of the protest movements in Germany during the late sixties and the early seventies.
 The Truyện Thạch Sanh (石生新傳 Thạch Sanh tân truyện The Story of Thạch Sanh) is a late Eighteenth Century Vietnamese classical novel written in vernacular nôm script and lục bát (6-8) verse. The author is unknown. Popular elements in the story are also taken from Vietnamese mythology.
 Life Before Life: A Scientific Investigation of Children's Memories of Previous Lives is a 2005 book written by psychiatrist Jim B. Tucker which presents an overview of more than 40 years of reincarnation research at the University of Virginia Division of Personality Studies into children's reports of past-life memories. The book also discusses birthmarks and birth defects that match those of a deceased person who is identified by the child.
 Blackbird is an online journal of literature and the arts based in the United States that posts two issues a year May 1 and November 1. During the six month run of an issue additional content appears as featured content. Previous issues are archived online in their entirety.
 Gym and Slimline is a novel by author Emma Burstall.The book chronicles the life of four women who share membership of a South West London gym.
 Moonfleet is a tale of smuggling by the English novelist J. Meade Falkner first published in 1898. The book was extremely popular among children worldwide up until the 1970s mostly for its themes of adventure and gripping storyline. It remains a popular story widely read and is still sometimes studied in schools.
 Brotherhood of the Wolf is the second novel in David Farland's epic fantasy series The Runelords.
 Watchers at the Strait Gate is a collection of stories by author Russell Kirk. It was released in 1984 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House and Kirk's third collection of supernatural stories. It was published in an edition of 3459 copies.
 Secular Homeschooling is an American magazine for people who homeschool for reasons other than religion.
 Pictures from the Water Trade: An Englishman in Japan (1985) — published in the US as Pictures from the Water Trade: Adventures of a Westerner in Japan — is a novel by John David Morley a cultural investigation of Japan in the 1970s.
 Now and On Earth is a 1942 novel by Jim Thompson it was his first published novel.
 The Teen Titans also known as the New Teen Titans and Titans is a comic book superhero team who appear in comic books published by DC Comics often in an eponymous monthly series. As the group's name suggests its members are teenage superheroes.
 A Provincial Lady (Russian: Провинциалка Provintsialka) is a one-act play by Ivan Turgenev. Written in 1850 it was first produced in January 1851 at a benefit performance for the seminal 19th-century Russian actor Mikhail Shchepkin at the Maly Theatre in Moscow.In the 20th century the play was produced at the world-famous Moscow Art Theatre as part of a triple bill of works by Turgenev. Constantin Stanislavski directed and played Count Liubin. It opened on 5 March 1912.
 The Stones Are Hatching is a young adult fantasy novel by Geraldine McCaughrean first published in November 1999 by Oxford University Press. It recounts the fictional adventures of Phelim Green and his companions as they try to prevent the Stoor Worm from waking.
 Stigma of the Wind or Kaze no Stigma (風の聖痕（スティグマ） Kaze no Sutiguma lit. Stigma of the Wind) is a Japanese light novel series written by Takahiro Yamato and illustrated by Hanamaru Nanto. After the death of the author on July 20 2009 the story remains incomplete at eleven volumes. A 24-episode anime adaptation directed by Junichi Sakata and animated by Gonzo aired from April–September 2007.
 Annals of Cardiac Anaesthesia is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Association of Cardiovascular Thoracic Anaesthesiologists. It covers anaesthesia as related to cardiology.
 Rollo in Emblemland or Emblemland is a novel by John Kendrick Bangs written in 1902 and published by R. H. Russell of New York. It is a tale inspired by the style of Lewis Carroll's book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. In it a young boy named Rollo falls asleep and finds himself not in Wonderland but in Emblemland a place described by Cupid as the home of all Emblems.... Emblems are signs and symbols.
 The Lake of Dead Languages is the 2002 mystery debut novel of writer Carol Goodman who later went on to win the Hammett Prize for her 2004 book The Seduction of Water.
 Pastorek is a Slovenian novel written by Jurij Hudolin. It was first published in 2008.
 Pursuit (2003) is a science fiction novel by authors Andy Mangels and Michael A. Martin which conclude the events of the television series Roswell. The series had ended in somewhat of a cliffhanger with the main characters on the run from an evil subunit of the FBI. Pursuit and Turnabout conclude this story arc although there are other plot elements that remain a possibility for future narratives.
 When The Going Was Good (1946) is an anthology of four travel books written by English author Evelyn Waugh. The book consists of fragments from the travel books Labels (1930) Remote People (1931) Ninety-Two Days (1934) and Waugh In Abyssinia (1936). The author writes that these pages are all that he wishes to preserve of the four books.
 Forgotten Tales of Love and Murder is a collection of short stories by Edgar Rice Burroughs edited by Patrick H. Adkins and illustrated by Danny Frolich. It was first published in hardcover in 2001 by Guidry & Adkins a publishing partnership of Burroughs fans John H. Guidry and Patrick H.
 For the movie of the same name please see In Enemy Hands (film).In Enemy Hands is a military science fiction novel the seventh in the Honor Harrington series by David Weber and was first published in 1996. Like most novels in the series its text is available in the Baen Free Library.
 Delusion's Master (1981) is the third novel in Tales From The Flat Earth by Tanith Lee.
 Nanako SOS (ななこSOS Nanako Esu-ou-esu) is a seinen manga series created by Hideo Azuma which ran in Popcorn and Just Comic (both published by Kobunsha) from April 1980 to July 1986. The series was adapted into 39-episode anime TV series produced by Kokusai Eiga which aired on the Fuji Television network from April 2 1983 to December 24 1983.
 Columbus Messenger Newspapers is a bi-weekly newspaper organization started in 1974. It publishes five free independently owned newspapers: the Westside Messenger the Eastside Messenger the Southeast Messenger the Southwest Messenger and the Madison Messenger covering neighborhoods in Columbus Ohio and Madison County.Each of the five papers is published every other Sunday and feature happenings with local government community organizations and human interest stories.
 Meditsinskaya Tekhnika (Russian: Медицинская техника English: Medical Engineering) is a bimonthly Russian peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1967 and covering the field of biomedical engineering. The editor-in-chief is Sergey V. Selishchev (since 2008).An English translation is published by Springer Science+Business Media (Springer New York) under the title Biomedical Engineering (since 1967).
 Evil Robot Monkey is a science fiction short story published in 2008 by Mary Robinette Kowal. It was nominated for the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
 Gokudo (ゴクドーくん漫遊記 Gokudō-kun Man'yūki) is a light novel series created by Usagi Nakamura. The light novel was first serialized by Kadokawa Shoten in their light novel magazine Kadokawa Sneaker Bunko. It was later adapted into a manga in 1995 and is released in Dengeki Daioh magazine.
 The Mighty Orinoco (French: Le Superbe Orénoque) is a novel by French writer Jules Verne (1828–1905) first published in 1898 as a part of the Voyages Extraordinaires. It tells the story of young Jeanne's journey up the Orinoco River in Venezuela with her protector Sergeant Martial in order to find her father Colonel de Kermor who disappeared some years before.
 Tuesday is a book by David Wiesner. Released by Clarion Books it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1992.The story told in detailed illustrations with only a few captions concerns frogs who mysteriously rise out of their pond on floating lily pads as the sun sets on a Tuesday evening.
 A Good and Happy Child is a 2007 horror thriller novel by author Justin Evans and is his debut novel. The book was published on May 22 2007 by Crown and concerns a new father's growing horror over his own childhood memories and possible brush with the supernatural. Film rights for A Good and Happy Child have been sold to Paramount Pictures.
 They'd Rather Be Right (also known as The Forever Machine) is a science fiction novel by Mark Clifton and Frank Riley.
 Exiles is a play by James Joyce who is principally remembered for his novels. It draws on the story of The Dead the final short story in Joyce's first major work Dubliners and was rejected by W. B. Yeats for production by the Abbey Theatre.
 The Lycurgeia (Ancient Greek: Λυκούργεια Lykoúrgeia) is a lost tetralogy by the Athenian dramatist Aeschylus that concerned Thracian Lycurgus' conflict with Dionysus and its aftermath. The four plays that made up the Lycurgeia survive only in fragments quoted by ancient authors and the reconstruction of much of their content is a matter of conjecture. In the Edoni (Ἠδωνοί Ēdōnoí) Dionysus presumably arrived in Thrace where King Lycurgus attempted to suppress the worship of the new god.
 Totem and Ore is B Wongar's latest book. It is an A4 coffee table format book which has a number of photos which show the effect of the British nuclear testing on the aboriginal people of Australia during the 1950s and 60s. There is also a foreword which talks about the devastation of nuclear weapons in Australia and recent conflicts.
 Nothing Lasts Forever is a 1979 thriller novel by Roderick Thorp a sequel to his 1966 novel The Detective. It is mostly known through its film adaptation Die Hard. In December 2012 the book was brought back into print and released as an ebook for the 25th anniversary of the film.
 Sea Glass is a 2002 romance novel by Anita Shreve. It is chronologically the second novel in Shreve's informal trilogy to be set in a large beach house on the New Hampshire coast that used to be a convent. It is preceded by Fortune's Rocks and followed by The Pilot's Wife.
 Currents in Biblical Research is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of biblical studies. The editor-in-chief is Alan J. Hauser. It was established in 2002 and is published by Sage Publications.
 The Journal of Humanistic Counseling is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association for Humanistic Counseling a division of the American Counseling Association. The editor-in-chief is Matthew E. Lemberger (University of New Mexico). The journal focuses on humanistic counseling and development and the promotion of toleration diversity and human rights.
 Elle is the Indian edition of the worldwide lifestyle magazine of French origin called Elle. It is published by Ogaan Publications Pvt. Ltd. Ogaan is based in Mumbai and has offices in New Delhi and Bangalore. The first issue of the Indian edition of Elle was the December 1996 issue.
 The Curse of the Pharaohs is a historical mystery novel by Elizabeth Peters the second in the Amelia Peabody series of novels; it takes place in the excavation season of 1892-93. [1]
 Little Forest (リトル・フォレスト Ritoru Foresuto) is a Japanese slice of life manga series written and illustrated by Daisuke Igarashi. It will be adapted into a two-part live action film scheduled to be released on August 30 2014 and on February 14 2015.
 The Saint is the title of a mystery novel by Burl Barer published by Pocket Books in 1997. It was based upon the screenplay for the film The Saint which in turn was loosely based upon the character Simon Templar created by Leslie Charteris. Val Kilmer portrayed Templar and is pictured on the book's front cover.This was the first book featuring Templar since Salvage for the Saint ended the original series of books (which began in 1928) in 1983.
 A Little House Traveler: Writings from Laura Ingalls Wilder’s Journeys Across America is a collection of early writings by Laura Ingalls Wilder author of the Little House series of novels.
 Papers in Regional Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Regional Science Association International (RSAI). The journal was established in 1955.
 The Wilderness or the Youthful Days of Washington is an historical novel by the American writer James McHenry (1784–1845) set in 1750s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The novel tells the story of an Irish family from Ulster on the frontier of the American West at colonial Pittsburgh.
 number9dream is the second novel by English author David Mitchell.Set in Japan it narrates the search of 19-year-old Eiji Miyake for his father whom he has never met.Told in the first person by Eiji it is a coming of age/perception story that breaks convention by juxtaposing Eiji Miyake’s actual journey toward identity and understanding with his imaginative journey.
 A Tale Etched in Blood and Hard Black Pencil is the tenth novel by Christopher Brookmyre.
 Legs is a 1975 novel by William Kennedy. It is the first book in Kennedy's Albany Cycle.
 The Journal of Information Technology & Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 2004 by the Haworth Press as the Journal of E-Government. It obtained its current name in 2007. After the Haworth Press was acquired by Taylor & Francis in 2007 the journal was published under their Routledge imprint. It is an official journal of the section on Information Technology & Politics (ITP) of the American Political Science Association.
 Facing Mount Kenya first published in 1938 is an anthropological study of the people of the Kikuyu ethnicity of central Kenya. It was written by native Kikuyu and future Kenyan president Jomo Kenyatta.The book's introduction was written by anthropologist Bronisław Malinowski who mentored Kenyatta while both were at the London School of Economics.
 Copenhagen is a play by Michael Frayn based around an event that occurred in Copenhagen in 1941 a meeting between the physicists Niels Bohr and Werner Heisenberg. It premiered in London in 1998 at the National Theatre running for more than 300 performances starring David Burke (Niels Bohr) Sara Kestelman (Margrethe Bohr) and Matthew Marsh (Werner Heisenberg).It opened on Broadway at the Royale Theatre on 11 April 2000 and ran for 326 performances.
 Behind the Burma Road is regarded as one of the most broadly informative books on intelligence operations and processes available in English. A primer for guerilla fighters [the book] lists 101's accomplishments as far as it was humanly possible to ascertain the effects of its attacks on and harassment of the Japanese [during World War II]. Their score included 5428 known enemy dead and an estimated 10000 others either killed or seriously wounded.
 Fjala e emigrantit is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Firestar was a four-issue comic book limited series published in 1986 by Marvel Comics that established the origin story of the Firestar character within Marvel Comics continuity. Firestar was originally a character created solely for the animated series Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends as a fire counterpart for previously established character Iceman and had no appearances in Marvel comics prior to the animated series.
 Somaliland Sun is an independent news group based in Hargeisa which publishes news in both the English and Somali language.
 Blood Brothers is the sixth book in the Necroscope series by British writer Brian Lumley and the first book in the Vampire World Trilogy. It was released in 1992.
 The Tower of London is a novel by William Harrison Ainsworth serially published in 1840. It is a historical romance that describes the history of Lady Jane Grey from her short-lived time as Queen of England to her execution.
 The Way of Shadows is a 2008 fantasy novel written by Brent Weeks and is the first novel in The Night Angel Trilogy.
 The Unknown Shore is a novel published in 1959 by Patrick O'Brian. It is the story of two friends Jack Byron and Tobias Barrow who sail aboard HMS Wager as part of Anson's 1740 expedition. The midshipman Byron and the somewhat unworldly surgeon's mate Barrow are prototypes for Jack Aubrey and Stephen Maturin who appear in many of O'Brian's later novels. The novel is a part-fictionalised version of actual events which occurred during the Wager Mutiny.
 Colleges That Change Lives is a college educational guide originally by longtime student advocate and former New York Times education editor Loren Pope. It was first published in 1996 with a second edition in 2000 a third edition in 2006 and a fourth edition in 2013.
 Meanjin is an Australian literary journal. The name - pronounced Mee-AN-jin - is derived from an Aboriginal word for the land where the city Brisbane is located.It was founded in December 1940 in Brisbane by Clem Christesen. It was published as Meanjin Papers until 1947 Meanjin from 1947 to 1960 Meanjin Quarterly from 1961 to 1976 and again as Meanjin since 1976. The editorial offices moved to Melbourne in 1945. It is now a subsidiary of the University of Melbourne.
 Asomiya Khobor (Assamese: অসমীয়া খবৰ) (or Oxomiya Khobor) is an Assamese daily newspaper published simultaneously from Guwahati and Jorhat. A weekly supplement named Deoboriya Khobor is published with it on every Sunday.
 The Los Gatos Observer was an online source of news and information for Los Gatos California and surrounding areas.
 The Capilano Review (TCR) is a Canadian tri-annual literary magazine located and published in North Vancouver British Columbia Canada and is based at the North Vancouver campus of Capilano University. A member of the Canadian Magazine Publishers Association Magazine Association of BC and the Alliance for Arts and Culture it publishes avant-garde experimental poetry visual arts interviews and essays. The magazine features works by both Canadian and international writers and artists.
 The Terrible Truth About Liberals is a 2001 political non-fiction book by Neal Boortz.
 Boku ni natta watashi (僕になった私 Secret Girl) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Ako Shimaki.
 The Almost Moon is the third book and second novel by American writer Alice Sebold author of her memoir Lucky and The Lovely Bones. It was released by Little Brown and Company in the United States on October 16 2007.
 Telegraph Avenue is a novel by Michael Chabon published on September 11 2012. An extensive excerpt from the enhanced e-book edition was released online on July 25 2012. The novel's setting is North Oakland and Berkeley California. The title refers to Telegraph Avenue which runs through both cities.
 The Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology was a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1921 as the result of a merger between two journals Psychobiology (1918-1920) and the Journal of Animal Behavior (1911-1916) under the title Journal of Comparative Psychology. It was renamed Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology in 1947.
 Argall is a historical novel by American writer William T. Vollmann which was first published in 2001. It is the third book in a planned seven-book cycle entitled Seven Dreams: A Book of North American Landscapes. (As of 2009 four of the seven books have been published.)Argall is a retelling of the founding of the Jamestown Colony and the legend of Pocahontas and Captain John Smith.
 The American Century: Varieties of Culture in Modern Times is a 1997 book by Norman F. Cantor with Mindy Cantor.In this book Norman Cantor who is best known for his treatment of medieval European history traces 20th-Century Western intellectual thought including art literature philosophy psychology criticism and other intellectual disciplines.
 The Slow Natives (1965) is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Thea Astley the first of her record number of four wins. It also won the 1965 Moomba Award.
 Screwtop Thompson Booker Prize-shortlisted author Magnus Mills' third collection of short stories brings together ten short tales that trundle gently between the ordinary absurd and the outright surreal. Often tagged as the bus driver novelist Mills writes short stories described as solid crafted from deceptively simple sentences and concerning simple characters trying to achieve simple goals which makes their sudden flights of fancy all the more unexpected.
 Marvin K. Mooney Will You Please Go Now! (ISBN 0-394-82490-3) is a 1972 children's book by Dr. Seuss. Written as a book for early beginning readers it is suitable for children who can not yet read at the level of more advanced beginning books such as The Cat in the Hat. The book presents in short and funny fashion Dr. Seuss's nonsensical words rhymes and illustrations. In the book Marvin K. Mooney—ostensibly a young child whose bedtime has come—is asked to go in many ways.
 After January is a play by Australian playwright Philip Dean adapted from Nick Earls' novel. It was first performed at La Boite Theatre in 2000. It is published by Currency Press.
 The Bias Against Guns: Why Almost Everything You've Heard About Gun Control Is Wrong is a book by John Lott following up on his controversial More Guns Less Crime. It is intended to reach a broader audience than its highly technical predecessor. Lott explores what he sees as misconceptions about gun ownership including the practice of carrying concealed weapons.
 The Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier is a daily newspaper published by Lee Enterprises for people living in Waterloo and Cedar Falls Iowa as well as surrounding areas.The first issue of The Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier was published on November 22 1859 by WH Hartman and George Ingersoll. The Courier changed to a daily newspaper in 1890 publishing in the afternoon every day except Saturday. In spring 2004 a Saturday morning edition was added.
 Watching Fuckin' TV All Time Makes a Fool (テレビばかり見てると馬鹿になる Terebi Bakari Miteruto Baka ni Naru lit. Watching TV All the Time Makes You Stupid) is an erotic one-shot manga by Naoki Yamamoto. The story has been included in a manga volume of the same title as well as the anthology I'll call you tomorrow. (明日また電話するよ Ashita mata Denwa suruyo) both of which are anthologies of short erotic one-shot manga by Yamamoto. The story has also been adapted into a film which was released in 2007.
 Combustion and Flame is the official peer-reviewed scientific journal of the Combustion Institute which is published sixteen times per year by Elsevier. The journal covers fundamental research of combustion phenomena including experimental theoretical and computational investigations along with related topics. The editors-in-chief are P. Dagaut (CNRS) and F. N. Egolfopoulos (University of Southern California).
 Fantastic Mr Fox is a children's novel written by British author Roald Dahl. It was published in 1970 by George Allen & Unwin in the UK and Alfred A. Knopf in the U.S. with illustrations by Donald Chaffin. The first UK Puffin paperback edition first issued in 1974 featured illustrations by Jill Bennett. Later editions have featured illustrations by Tony Ross (1988) and Quentin Blake (1996).
 Creepy Creatures is the first book in R. L. Stine's Goosebumps Graphix series. It is a comic book that contains three stories; The Werewolf of Fever Swamp adapted by Gabriel Hernandez The Scarecrow Walks at Midnight adapted by Greg Ruth and The Abominable Snowman of Pasadena adapted by Scott Morse all based on the Goosebumps books by R. L. Stine. The book was first published on September 1 2006 by Scholastic in the United States.
 One For the Morning Glory is a fantasy novel by John Barnes published 1996. It is a fairy tale where the characters know that they are in a fairy tale. The novel has a humorous tone similar to William Goldman's The Princess Bride — quite different from Barnes' usual science fiction. It forms the second part of a three book series whose first and third parts are not yet written.
 Roma Sub Rosa is the title of the series of historical mystery novels by Steven Saylor set in ancient Rome and populated by noteworthy denizens thereof. The series is noted for its historical authenticity. The phrase Roma Sub Rosa means in Latin Rome under the rose.
 The Winds of Dune is a science fiction novel written by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. Released on August 4 2009 it is the second book in the Heroes of Dune interquel tetralogy and chronicles events between Frank Herbert's Dune Messiah (1969) and Children of Dune (1976).
 Tell Me Your Dreams is a 1998 novel by American writer Sidney Sheldon.
 The Last Temptation of Christ (or The Last Temptation) is a historical novel written by Nikos Kazantzakis first published in 1953. It was first published in English in 1960. It follows the life of Jesus Christ from his perspective.
 Flyin' Jenny was an aviation adventure comic strip created by illustrator Russell Keaton and distributed to newspapers by Bell Syndicate. Launched in October 1939 Flyin' Jenny was published both as a daily and Sunday strip each running a separate storyline.
 Marketing Nutrition is a book that examines the intersection of consumer psychology nutrition and business and which is written by Cornell professor and current Executive Director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion Brian Wansink. The term marketing nutrition also refers to encouraging healthier food choices and behavior through the use of marketing strategies and tactics in addition to the conventional use of nutrition education.
 Am kürzeren Ende der Sonnenallee (On the Shorter End of Sun Avenue) is the third novel by author Thomas Brussig. The novel is set in East Berlin in the real-life street of Sonnenallee sometime in the late 70's or early 80's. The film Sonnenallee also written by Brussig is based upon the same characters but depicts a significantly different storyline. Unusual is the fact that the screenplay for Sonnenallee served as the basis for the novel rather than the other way around.
 Judith Hearne (later republished as The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne) was regarded by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore as his first novel. The book was published in 1955 after Moore had left Ireland and was living in Canada. It was rejected by ten American publishers before being accepted by a British publisher.
 A Matter of Profit is a science fiction novel written by Hilari Bell published in 2001.
 Siopawman (literally Small Bun Man) is the comical or funny Filipino superhero and first comic strip created by Filipino cartoonist Lauro Larry Zarate Alcala after World War II . Siopawman first appeared in Halakhak Komiks (Halakhak means laughter in Tagalog) in 1947. Siopawman was described as a “Superman-parody”. After Halakhak Siopawman became a feature series in the pages of Daily Express from 1972 to 1983. Siopawman reappeared in the Dail Express in 2002.
 I'll Be The Devil is a play by Leo Butler that was commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company and written in response to The Tempest by William Shakespeare for the Complete Works Festival. It was staged for the first time at the Tricycle Theatre 2008 directed by Ramin Gray.
 The King's Peace is a fantasy novel written by Jo Walton and published by Tor Books in October 2000. The first of Walton's published novels it is also the first of three Sulien novels. It was followed in 2001 by a sequel The King's Name and in 2002 by a prequel The Prize in the Game. The novels are a reinterpretation of the story of King Arthur.
 All Tomorrow's Parties is the final novel in William Gibson's Bridge trilogy. Like its predecessors All Tomorrow's Parties is a speculative fiction novel set in a postmodern dystopian postcyberpunk future. The novel borrows its title from a song by Velvet Underground. It is written in the third person and deals with Gibsonian themes of emergent technology.
 I Like Pumpkins is an illustrated book for young childrenwritten and illustrated by children's book author Jerry Smath in which a young girl vividly describes her fondness for pumpkins at Halloween. The book is written in rhyming text and includes five pages of pumpkin-related games and puzzles. It has been used in elementary classrooms as both a class reading and supplementary resource.
 The Zamboni is a student-run humor publication at Tufts University. It was founded in 1989 and comes out with six issues per year or once per month. It contains satirical articles (such as fake news briefs interviews and op-ed pieces) cartoons and photos. It is known as Tufts University's Only Intentionally Funny Magazine. The Zamboni is fully funded by the Student Activities Fee as allocated by the TCU Senate.
 Navy News the official newspaper of the Royal Navy is produced by a small team of editorial and support staff and is published by the Ministry of Defence on a monthly basis.The content of the newspaper is varied ranging from information for all serving personnel of whatever rank or specialisation to Sea Cadets and former shipmates.
 Top Ballista is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Karjalan kruunu (Finnish: The Crown of Karelia) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Fennia is a biannual peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by the Geographical Society of Finland. It covers all aspects of geography. The journal was established in 1889. The editor-in-chief is Paola Minoia (University of Helsinki). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus.
 The Rules: Time-tested Secrets for Capturing the Heart of Mr. Right is a self-help book by Ellen Fein and Sherrie Schneider originally published in 1995.The book suggests rules that a woman should follow in order to attract and marry the man of her dreams; these rules include that a woman should be easy to be with but hard to get. The underlying philosophy of The Rules is that women should not aggressively pursue men but rather ought to get the men to pursue them.
 The Daily Telegraph was a newspaper serving Napier and the Hawke's Bay region district of New Zealand. It was established in February 1871 by founding editor London journalist Richard Halkett Lord.
 t zero (original title: Ti con zero) is a 1967 collection of short stories by Italian author Italo Calvino. The title story is based on a particularly uncertain moment in the life of a lion hunter.
 Surfing World is the longest running Australian surf publication and the second longest in the world dedicated to sharing the stoke of surfing. It was first published in 1962 and includes both informative and humorous features on surfing and the coastal lifestyle.
 When Giants Walked the Earth: A Biography of Led Zeppelin is a book written by Mick Wall published in 2008. It is a biography of the English rock band Led Zeppelin.The book tells the life stories of the band's members. The narrative of Led Zeppelin is told through a mixture of prose and interview excerpts. It was based partly on interviews which were conducted by Wall with all the surviving members of the band.
 The Punch is a Nigerian daily newspaper. It is the most widely read newspaper in Nigeria.
 Tremor of Intent: An Eschatological Spy Novel (1966) by Anthony Burgess is an English espionage novel.Burgess conceived it as a reaction to both the heavy-handed humorless spy fiction of John le Carré and to Ian Fleming's James Bond a character Burgess thought an imperialist relic.
 Chinese Cinderella: The Secret Story of an Unwanted Daughter is a book by the Chinese-American physician and author Adeline Yen Mah describing her experiences growing up in China during the Second World War. First published in 1999 Chinese Cinderella is a revised version of part of her 1997 autobiography Falling Leaves. Her mother dies two weeks after giving birth to her (of fever) and she is known to her family as bad luck.
 La Esperança (エスペランサ Esuperansa) is a yaoi manga series written and illustrated by Chigusa Kawai. It has been published in the United States by Digital Manga Publishing in 2005.The main word of the title esperança comes from the Portuguese word for hope; the word la although meaning the in almost all other Romance languages is not proper Portuguese (elless a esperança would mean the hope).
 Luxemburger Illustrierte was a newspaper published in Luxembourg between 1924 and 1933.
 Kämpfer (けんぷファー Kenpufā German for Fighter) is a Japanese light novel series by Toshihiko Tsukiji with illustrations by Senmu. The series contains 15 volumes published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J imprint between November 2006 and March 2010. The main series covers 12 volumes while the remaining three are short story collections. A manga adaptation by Yu Tachibana started serialization in the April 2008 issue of Monthly Comic Alive.
 The Ambassador is a novel by Australian author Morris West. It was first published in 1965. The novel is fictionalisation of the period leading up to and shortly after the Coup d'état against and assassination of South Vietnamese President Ngo Dinh Diem.
 Le Parisien (French pronunciation: ​[ləpaʁiˈzjɛ̃]; French for The Parisian) is a French daily newspaper covering both international and national news and local news of Paris and its suburbs. The newspaper is owned by Éditions Philippe Amaury.
 The 1978 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the seventh volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1978 followed by a hardcover edition issued in August of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Jack Gaughan was replaced by a new cover painting by Richard Powers.
 Return to Modesty: Discovering the Lost Virtue is a 1999 non-fiction debut book by Wendy Shalit.
 The Claremont Review of Books (CRB) is a quarterly review of politics and statesmanship published by the Claremont Institute. Many consider it a conservative intellectual answer to the liberal New York Review of Books. In the journal's words it offers bold arguments for a reinvigorated conservatism which draws upon the timeless principles of the American Founding and applies them to the moral and political problems we face today.
 Madonna: An Intimate Biography is a book by American author J. Randy Taraborrelli chronicling the life of American recording artist Madonna. The book was released in April 2001 by Sidgwick & Jackson in the United Kingdom and in August 2001 by Simon & Schuster in the United States. Taraborrelli first considered writing the book in 1990 but realizing the project might be premature in respect to Madonna's fledgling career set it aside.
 The Moonstone Castle Mystery is the fortieth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1963 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 The Skeleton in the Clock is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his long-time associate Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 Diamond Delinquent (金剛番長 Kongō Banchō) is a shōnen manga by Nakaba Suzuki. The manga began its serialization in Shōnen Sunday from 2007 vol. 47 and has recently finished its serialization.
 Gold & Glory is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992.
 The Toowoomba Chronicle is a daily newspaper serving Toowoomba the Lockyer Valley and Darling Downs regional areas in Queensland Australia. The newspaper is owned by APN News & Media.The circulation of The Toowoomba Chronicle is 22808 Monday to Friday and 30270 on Saturday.The Toowoomba Chronicle website is part of the APN Regional News Network.
 The Wood Demon (Russian: Леший tr. Goblin 1889) is a comedic play in four acts written by Russian author Anton Chekhov. The play was written in 1888 and debuted in December 271889 at the Abramov Theater. The play was first refused by the Alexandrinsky Theatre of Saint Petersburg and the Maly Theatre of Moscow. Eight years after this play failed Chekhov returned to the work.
 Don Juan (Russian: Дон Жуан) is an 1862 drama by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy first published in the April issue of The Russian Messenger magazine. Don Juan never appeared on stage during its author's lifetime. In 1891 its production was deemed unsuitable by censors. The play was staged for the first time ever in 1905 by the Brothers Adelgeim troupe. Later incidental music was written for the play by E. F. Napravnik. P. I.
 The Tri-State Defender is a weekly newspaper published in Memphis Tennessee serving the African-American communities in Memphis and nearby areas of Arkansas Mississippi and Tennessee. It bills itself as The Mid-South's Best Alternative Newspaper.The Defender was founded in 1951 by John H. Sengstacke owner of the Chicago Defender. In 2013 the paper was locally purchased from Real Times Media by Best Media Inc.
 Sălaj County monograph (Hungarian: Szilágy vármegye monográfiája) is a book edited by Petri Mór. All six volumes of the book were published in Budapest from 1901 to 1904. The monograph covers the main features of the history of Szilágy County.
 Elegy for Iris is a 1999 memoir by John Bayley about his marriage to fellow author Iris Murdoch who suffered from Alzheimer's disease in her last years. Bayley also wrote two more books about his life with Murdoch Iris and Her Friends and Widower's House.In 2001 the film Iris was based on Bayley's book. Part of the movie and the book on the life of Iris Murdoch both dealt with her very liberal view of marriage in which she felt it was acceptable for her to engage in adultery.
 Cryptologia is a journal in cryptography published quarterly since January 1977. Its remit is all aspects of cryptography but there is a special emphasis on historical aspects of the subject. The founding editors were Brian J. Winkel David Kahn Louis Kruh Cipher A. Deavours and Greg Mellen. The current Editor-in-Chief is Craig Bauer.The journal was initially published at the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology.
 Under the Sea Wind: A Naturalist's Picture of Ocean Life (1941) is the first book written by the American marine biologist Rachel Carson. It was published by Simon & Schuster in 1941 when it received very good reviews but sold poorly. After the great success of a sequel The Sea Around Us (Oxford 1951) it was reissued by Oxford University Press; that edition was an alternate Book-of-the-Month Club selection and became another bestseller.
 Leven Thumps and the Wrath of Ezra is a fantasy novel by Obert Skye that traces the journeys of Leven a seemingly ordinary boy from Burnt Culvert Oklahoma who has now become The Want Winter Frore Geth and Clover as they fight to save the Land of Foo.
 The Port Arthur News is seven-day morning daily newspaper published in Port Arthur Texas covering Jefferson County. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The newspaper has not missed an issue since March 17 1897 when the Stump family leaving Missouri printed the first weekly edition in a baggage car of a train on the way to their new home.
 Juiced: Wild Times Rampant 'Roids Smash Hits & How Baseball Got Big is a 2005 book by Jose Canseco and his personal account of steroid usage in Major League Baseball. The book is autobiographical and it focuses on Canseco's days as a major leaguer his marriages his daughter and off-field incidents including his bar room brawl in 2001. The book deals primarily with anabolic steroids drawing upon the personal experiences of Canseco.
 Tome and Blood: A Guidebook to Wizards and Sorcerers is an optional rulebook for the 3rd edition of Dungeons & Dragons and notable for its trade paperback format.
 Shōnen Sekai (少年世界 lit. The Youth's World) is one of the first shōnen magazines published by Hakubunkan specializing in children's literature published from 1895 to 1914. Shōnen Sekai was created as a part of many magazine created by Hakubunkan that would connect with many different parts of society in Japan. Sazanami Iwaya created the Shōnen Sekai magazine after he wrote Koganemaru a modern piece of children's literature.
 Instant Piano was a humorous comics anthology published by Dark Horse Comics. It ran for four issues from 1994 to 1995.
 The Ship Who Searched is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Mercedes Lackey. It is the third of seven books in the The Ship Who Sang series by McCaffrey and four other authors and the only one by Lackey. It was first published as a serial in the monthly Amazing Stories June to September and as a paperback original by Baen Books in August 1992.The Ship Who Searched follows the adventures of Hypatia Cade whom an alien virus renders quadriplegic.
 Liberty Meadows is a comic strip and comic book created written and illustrated by Frank Cho. It relates the comedic activities of the staff and denizens of the eponymous animal sanctuary/rehabilitation clinic.
 Galicia Hoxe was a Galician newspaper from Santiago de Compostela written entirely in Galician. Founded in January 1994 it was formerly called O Correo Galego. It changed its name to Galicia Hoxe in May 2003 and ceased publication on 28 June 2011 due to financial reasons but remains an active internet news source.
 The Ebony Tower (1974) by John Fowles is a collection of five short novels with interlacing themes built around a medieval myth: The Ebony Tower Eliduc Poor Koko The Enigma and The Cloud.
 The Gate Thief is a fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card. It is the second novel in the Mither Mages trilogy.In this sequel to The Lost Gate bestselling author Orson Scott Card continues his fantastic tale of the Mages of Westil who live in exile on Earth.Here on Earth Danny North is still in high school yet he holds in his heart and mind all the stolen outselves of thirteen centuries of gatemages. The Families still want to kill him if they can't control him…and they can't control him.
 Metalzoic is a graphic novel (ISBN 0-930289-10-2) written by Pat Mills and drawn by Kevin O'Neill which was first published by DC Comics in 1986 as the sixth of the DC Graphic Novel line. Later in the same year it was reprinted in serial form in 2000 AD issues 483-492.
 Aruba: The Tragic Untold Story of Natalee Holloway and Corruption in Paradise is an autobiographical true crime book by Dave Holloway about his experiences searching for his missing daughter Natalee Holloway co-written with R. Stephanie Good and Larry Garrison. It was released on April 11 2006 by the Thomas Nelson publishing company.
 The European Journal of Pharmaceutics and Biopharmaceutics is a peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the International Association for Pharmaceutical Technology. It publishes research on pharmaceutical technology pharmaceutical biotechnology and biopharmaceutics.
 Rising '44: The Battle for Warsaw is a history book about the Warsaw Uprising written by the English historian Norman Davies. One controversy about this book is that Davies consciously anglicised most of proper names (including placenames and pseudonyms used by Polish conspirators) in the book in order to bring its reality closer to the English reader and help them concentrate on the story rather than difficult Polish names. The book is written in a vivid and emotional style.
 Thirsty (1997) is a horror novel written by M. T. Anderson. It is set in modern Clayton Massachusetts. The main character Christopher just wants a normal life; to date his crush Rebecca Schwartz stay up late and other teenager things. Unfortunately Chris has much more to worry about than puberty — he also has to deal with his vampirism.
 The Dictator's Moustaches is a novel by writer Anna Russo. Published in 2009 the book looks at World War II from the viewpoint of a dog.
 The Long Goodbye is a 1953 novel by Raymond Chandler centered on his famous detective Philip Marlowe. While some critics consider it inferior to The Big Sleep or Farewell My Lovely others rank it as the best of his work.
 Glass is the second novel in the verse novel series Crank by Ellen Hopkins published in August 2007. The hardcover edition was first released and the softcover was released on April 7 2009. The third book of the series Fallout was published in 2010. Like the previous novel in the series Glass has been the subject of controversy with the book being partially responsible for a public appearance by Hopkins getting cancelled due to parental complaints.
 The Australian Journal of Zoology is a peer-reviewed international journal that publishes original research and review articles on zoology with a special focus on Australian fauna. It is broad in scope covering a range of disciplines including anatomy physiology molecular biology genetics reproductive biology developmental biology parasitology morphology behaviour ecology zoogeography systematics and evolution.
 Tarzan at the Earth's Core is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the thirteenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan and the fourth in his series set in the interior world of Pellucidar.
 Almost Transparent Blue (限りなく透明に近いブルー Kagirinaku tōmei ni chikai burū Almost Infinitely Transparent Blue) is a 1976 novel written by Japanese author Ryū Murakami that features a portrait of narrator Ryū and his friends trapped in a cycle of sex drugs and rock 'n roll during the 1970s.
 Adrian Mole: The Cappuccino Years is the fifth book in the Adrian Mole series written by Sue Townsend. The book was first published in 1999 by Michael Joseph. It is set from April 30 1997 (the run up to Pandora's election as MP) until May 2 1998. Adrian is 30 years of age. The book was made into a TV series that showed in 2001.
 Monthly Comic Zero Sum (月刊コミックZERO-SUM Gekkan Komikku Zero Samu) is a manga magazine targeted towards female readers published by Ichijinsha and launched in March 2002. It contains over 600 pages and has a variety of genres. Well-known manga include Saiyuki Reload Amatsuki 07-Ghost and Loveless. A special edition version Comic Zero Sum Zōkan Ward launched in 2003 as a quarterly magazine but is published bimonthly since 2008.
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented also known as Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Tess of the d'Urbervilles or just Tess is a novel by Thomas Hardy. It initially appeared in a censored and serialised version published by the British illustrated newspaper The Graphic in 1891. Though now considered an important work of English literature the book received mixed reviews when it first appeared in part because it challenged the sexual mores of Hardy's day.
 World War Hulk: X-Men is a three-issue mini-series published by Marvel comics. It ties in with the World War Hulk story arc and concerns Professor Xavier's role in the Illuminati and the Hulk's exile into space. Xavier was absent when the Illuminati decided to send the Hulk away and so the Hulk comes to the X-Mansion seeking to be enlightened by Xavier on what he would have decided had he been present.
 The Gown is the independent student newspaper at Queen's University Belfast and is the longest running independent student newspaper in the UK. It was formed by Richard Herman a medical student in April 1955. In 2005 Dr Herman was able to attend the papers 50th Anniversary. The paper is run voluntarily by students and is funded entirely by advertising without University or Students' Union assistance although it is located in the Union building.
 The Adventures of Samurai Cat is a collection of linked humorous fantasy short stories by Mark E. Rogers. Rogers had done a series of paintings and drawings featuring his character Samurai Cat and spoofing martial arts films and fantasy stories. He went on to write stories to fit the paintings. The collections was first published in 1984 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2225 copies of which 425 were issued as a deluxe edition and were slipcased signed and numbered.
 Weird Tales is an American fantasy and horror fiction pulp magazine first published in March 1923. It ceased its original run in September 1954 after 279 issues but has since been revived. The magazine was set up in Chicago by J. C. Henneberger an ex-journalist with a taste for the macabre. Edwin Baird was the first editor of the monthly assisted by Farnsworth Wright. The sub-genre pioneered by Weird Tales writers has come to be called weird fiction.
 This article is about the novella collection. For the film with a similar title see The Saint's Return.The Saint Returns is a collection of two mystery novellas by Fleming Lee continuing the adventures of the sleuth Simon Templar aka The Saint created by Leslie Charteris. This book was first published in the United States in 1968 by The Crime Club and in the United Kingdom in 1969 by Hodder and Stoughton.
 The The Arab Lobby: The Invisible Alliance That Undermines America's Interests in the Middle East is a book written by Mitchell Bard the head of the American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise and the director of the Jewish Virtual Library published in August 2010. It was written in response to John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt's bestselling albeit controversial The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy which focused on the role of the Israel lobby in shaping U.S.
 X-Men: Age of Apocalypse is a Marvel Comics six-issue limited series which takes place a year after the last story in the X-Men: Age of Apocalypse one-shot with Magneto's X-Men helping North America recover from Apocalypse's iron fist.
 The Footballer's Wife is novel written by Kerry Katona. It is a follow up from her first novel Tough Love. It was released 3 April 2008. Originally called Rough Justice Ebury made a last minute change of name to The Footballer's Wife for undisclosed reasons.
 SuperBike is a monthly British motorcycling magazine. In addition to motorcycles the magazine features reviews of race bikes dirt bikes and others.
 Flinx's Folly (2003) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the eighth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.
 Heroes and Hobgoblins is a 1981 collection of poetry by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp illustrated by Tim Kirk. It was published by Donald M.
 Phonology is a British peer-reviewed journal of phonology published by Cambridge University Press the only journal devoted exclusively to this subfield of linguistics. The current editors are Prof. Colin J. Ewen (Leiden University) and Prof. Ellen Kaisse (University of Washington).
 Holy Land Studies: A Multidisciplinary Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press. It is edited by Nur-eldeen Masalha who co-founded the journal with Michael Prior in 2002.
 Vineland is a 1990 novel by Thomas Pynchon a postmodern fiction set in California United States in 1984 the year of Ronald Reagan's reelection. Through flashbacks by its characters who have lived the sixties in their youth the story accounts for the free spirit of rebellion of that decade and describes the traits of the fascistic Nixonian repression and its War on drugs that clashed with it; and it articulates the slide and transformation that occurred in U.S.
 Ulster Tatler is a lifestyle and society magazine based in Northern Ireland which was founded in 1966.During the early years of The Troubles it made of point of never making any comment on the political or social problems of the province; rather it reflected the high society and other social events of the time.Established in 1966 the Ulster Tatler is now Northern Ireland's longest established and most widely read monthly.[citation needed] It has coverage of events in the Northern Ireland social calendar as well as local fashions. 
 Changing Planes is a 2003 collection of short stories by Ursula K. Le Guin. Each chapter describes a different world and the society that inhabits it; these societies share similarities with Earth's cultures in some respects but may be notably dissimilar in other respects. Many of the chapters are brief vignettes or ethnographic profiles of the societies they describe.Changing Planes won the Locus Award for best collection in 2004.
 Skies of Dawn (風の万里 黎明の空 Kaze no Banri Reimei no Sora) is the fourth novel in The Twelve Kingdoms fantasy series written by Fuyumi Ono. The Japanese edition split the novel into two volumes. TokyoPop reunited both halves into a single English-language volume titled Skies of Dawn published in March 2010. The book focuses on three main characters: Youko Suzu and Shoukei.
 You Can Heal Your Life is 1984 self-help and new thought book by Louise L. Hay. It was the second book by the author after Heal your Body which she wrote at age 60. After Hay appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show and Donahue in the same week in March 1988 the book landed on the New York Times Best Seller list and by 2008 over 35 million copies worldwide had been sold in over in 30 languages. The book was also instrumental in the success of her publishing company Hay House Inc.
 Tom Swift and His Big Tunnel or the Hidden City of the Andes is Volume 19 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Bid Time Return is a 1975 science fiction novel by Richard Matheson. It concerns a man from the 1970s who travels back in time to court a 19th-century stage actress whose photograph has captivated him. In 1980 it was made into the movie Somewhere in Time the title of which was used for future editions of the book.Matheson has stated Somewhere in Time is the story of a love which transcends time What Dreams May Come is the story of a love which transcends death....
 Tietam Brown is wrestler Mick Foley's first novel published in 2003.
 Shambhala: The Sacred Path of the Warrior is a book concerning the Shambhala Buddhist vision of founder Chögyam Trungpa. The book discusses addressing personal and societal problems through the application of secular concepts such as basic goodness warriorship bravery and egolessness as a means toward the creation of what he calls enlightened society.
 New Writings in SF 7 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the seventh volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one.
 The Electronic Journal of Probability is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Bernoulli Society. It covers all aspects of probability theory and the editor-in-chief is Michel Ledoux (University of Toulouse). Electronic Communications in Probability is a sister journal that publishes short papers. Both journals share the same editorial board but with different editors-in-chief.
 The John Varley Reader is a representative collection of 18 of the science fiction short stories by John Varley first published in paperback in September 2004. It features 5 new stories. Each story is preceded by an autobiographical introduction; until this book Varley had avoided discussing himself or his works in print.
 Touch Not the Cat is a novel by Mary Stewart first published in 1976. Like many of Stewart's novels the story has a supernatural element.
 Perspectives on Psychological Science is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal of the Association for Psychological Science (APS) that is published by SAGE Publications.
 Like Water for Chocolate (Spanish: Como agua para chocolate) is a popular novel published in 1989 by first-time Mexican novelist Laura Esquivel.The novel follows the story of a young girl named Tita who longs her entire life to marry her lover Pedro but can never have him because of her mother's upholding of the family tradition of the youngest daughter not marrying but taking care of her mother until the day she dies.
 Shopgirl is a 2000 novella written by Steve Martin. Martin adapted his book for a 2005 film of the same title.
 Metro 2035 (Russian: Метро 2035) is an upcoming post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Russian author Dmitry Glukhovsky. It will follow the same story as the video game Metro: Last Light but covering the plot and dialogue in much greater detail and length. Recent sources suggest that the book will be released near the end of 2014.
 Finding Maubee is a 1982 detective novel by Albert H. Z. Carr set in a fictional Caribbean island called St. Caro.The novel was made into a 1989 American film titled The Mighty Quinn starring Denzel Washington and Robert Townsend.
 The 101 Ranch written by Ellsworth Collings in collaboration with Alma Miller England narrates the history of the famed Miller Brothers 101 Ranch the Miller Brothers 101 Ranch Wild West Show and the Miller family who founded and operated both the ranch and the show. The 101 Ranch Wild West Show was one of the last of the large Wild West Shows. The history spans from 1841 Col.
 Gimmicks Three is a fantasy short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the November 1956 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction under the title The Brazen Locked Room and reprinted under Asimov's original title in the 1957 collection Earth is Room Enough. The title refers to what Asimov called the three well-worn gimmicks of pact with the devil locked room mystery and time travel.
 Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by R. K. Narayan set in and around the fictitious town of Malgudi in South India. The stories range from the humorous to the serious and all are filled with Narayan's acute observations of human nature.
 For the geographical place see Tonto BasinTonto Basin is a western novel written by Zane Grey.
 Google Hacks: Tips & Tools for Smarter Searching is a book of tips about Google a popular Web search engine by Tara Calishain and Rael Dornfest. It was listed in the New York Times top ten business paperbacks in May 2003 considered at the time to be unprecedented for a technology book and even rarer for the topic of search engines. The book was first published by O'Reilly in February 2002.
 The Sweetest Dream is a 2001 novel by British Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Doris Lessing. The novel begins in the 1960s leading up to the 1980s and is set in London and the fictional African nation Zimlia a thinly veiled reference to Zimbabwe.
 Advances in Neonatal Care is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal of neonatal nursing. It is the official journal of the National Association of Neonatal Nurses.
 How Your Body Works was an educational partwork designed to get children interested in the workings of the human body.It was published weekly by RBA Coleccionables at a price of £4.99 per issue.It was issued again in 2012 at a price of £5.99 per issue with the first two issues discounted.
 The Gangs of New York: An Informal History of the Underworld is an American non-fiction book by Herbert Asbury first published in 1927 by Garden City Publishing Company.
 Akagi (アカギ) is a mahjong centric Japanese manga written by Nobuyuki Fukumoto and first published in 1992. It is featured in the weekly magazine Modern Mahjong and is a prequel to the author's previous work Ten in which Akagi's titular character also appears. Due to its popularity the manga has been adopted into two live action movies (released in 1995 and 1997) and a 26 episode anime series which aired in Japan in the fall of 2005.
 The Postgraduate Medical Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1925 by the Fellowship of Postgraduate Medicine of which it is the official journal. It is currently published on behalf of the Fellowship by the BMJ Group.
 Black and Blue is a 1998 novel by Anna Quindlen and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in April 1998.
 Inamorata is a 2004 novel by American novelist and screenwriter Joseph Gangemi. The book was released on January 22 2004 through Viking Adult and focuses on the investigation of Mina Crandon a spiritualist from the 1920s. Film rights for Inamorata were purchased in 2006 by Johnny Depp's film company Infinitum Nihil.
 Aviation Week & Space Technology often abbreviated Aviation Week or AW&ST is a weekly magazine which was owned and published by McGraw-Hill until it was purchased by Penton Media in 2013.
 The Grand History of the Realms (ISBN 0-7869-4731-7) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 The Journal of Business and Technical Communication is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that focuses on communication best practices problems and trends in corporate and educational venues. The journal was established in 1987 and is published by Sage Publications. The editor-in-chief is David R. Russell (Iowa State University) Article types include case studies commentaries book and software reviews and comments and responses.
 Europe (French pronunciation: ​[ø.ʁɔp]) is a French literary magazine founded in 1923.
 Amber House is the first book in the Amber House Trilogy by New York Times bestselling author Kelly Moore and her daughters Tucker Reed and Larkin Reed. The book follows narrator Sarah Parsons who discovers she has the psychic ability of psychometry enabling her to see into her own history as she stays at her family's ancestral estate outside of Annapolis Maryland.Amber House is a young adult paranormal mystery novel.
 Gloriana or The Unfulfill'd Queen is an award-winning work of literary fantasy by British novelist Michael Moorcock. It was first published in 1978 and has remained in print ever since.
 Walkers is a 1980 horror novel by Gary Brandner. It was the basis for the 1989 TV Miniseries From the Dead of Night starring Lindsay Wagner Bruce Boxleitner and Diahann Carroll although the original novel was changed extensively for the TV film.
 The Eugenics Review was a scientific journal published by the Galton Institute. The journal was published from 1909 to 1968 and covered human genetics.
 Field Methods is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Social Sciences. The journal's editor is H. Russell Bernard (University of Florida). It has been in publication since 1989 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Black Blood Brothers (Japanese: ブラック·ブラッド·ブラザーズ Hepburn: Burakku Buraddo Burazāzu) also known as BBB (ブ·ブ·ブ BuBuBu) is a light novel series written by Kōhei Azano and illustrated by Yuuya Kusaka. In 2006 Studio Live and Group TAC produced an anime based on the series. It is directed by Hiroaki Yoshikawa. It was licensed for North American release by Funimation Entertainment with the first DVD being released in February 2008.
 Noble House is a novel by James Clavell published in 1981 and set in Hong Kong in 1963.It is a massive book well over 1000 pages with dozens of characters and numerous intermingling plot lines. In 1988 it was adapted as a television miniseries for NBC starring Pierce Brosnan. The miniseries updates the storyline of the novel to the 1980s. The Noble House also is a nickname of Struan's the trading company featured prominently in most of Clavell's novels.
 Insanity Streak is a comic strip written by Tony Lopes of Australia. First appearing in 1995 it is distributed in over twenty countries and received the Stanley Award from the Australian Cartoonist's Association in October 2007.
 The Unicorn Series is a young-adult fantasy novel series by Tanith Lee. The trilogy revolves around Tanaquil a young woman who is better at tinkering than magic much to the dismay of her sorceress mother.
 Remember Jack Hoxie is a 1969 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary. It was a deliberate departure from the author after writing a series of adventure novels being set in the world of pop music.
 The Centurions is the first in a historical fiction trilogy about the 1st-century Roman Empire. Set primarily in Roman Britain circa AD 72-75 it follows the adventures of a pair of Roman brothers - one free-born and one slave-born - as they serve in the Roman legions.
 The Journal of Theoretical Biology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering theoretical biology dealing with theoretical issues as well as mathematical and computational aspects of biology. Some research areas covered by the papers published in the journal are population genetics morphogenesis evolutionary biology and immunology. It is published by Elsevier. Its first editor-in-chief was J.F. Danielli. The current editors are D.
 Queen's Gate (Japanese: クイーンズゲイト Hepburn: Kuīnzu Geito) is a series of visual combat books published by Hobby Japan. The supplement to the Queen's Blade series it features licensed female characters from other games and works including those from Hobby Japan. Like Queen's Blade before it it is also compatible with Flying Buffalo's Lost Worlds gamebooks. The first gamebook featuring Alice was released on November 30 2007 with a total of nineteen gamebooks released as of June 29 2012.
 Kocchi Muite! Miiko (こっちむいて!みい子 lit. Look This Way Miiko!) is an ongoing shōjo comedy manga series by Eriko Ono. It has been published by Shogakukan in Ciao since 1995 and collected in 20 bound volumes as of July 2008. It is a sequel to an earlier series Miiko desu! (みい子です! I'm Miiko!) and depicts the home and school life of a cheerful and energetic fourth-grade girl named Miiko. The series received the 1996 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.
 Zeni Geba (銭ゲバ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by George Akiyama. The series was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from 1970 to 1971.
 Allies of the Night is the eighth book of The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan (his real name Darren O'Shaughnessy). It is part of the Vampire War Trilogy which comprises three books: Hunters of the Dusk Allies of the Night and Killers of the Dawn. Allies of the Night was first published in Great Britain by HarperCollins in 2002. It was then published in the Vampire War Trilogy in 2005.
 The International Journal of Cardiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes research articles about the study and management of cardiac diseases. The journal is affiliated with the International Society for Adult Congenital Cardiac Disease.
 Hunting the Snark is a compendium of poetic terminology that mirrored American contemporary poetry of nineteen seventies and eighties written by Robert Peters. The book sorts through contemporary American poems separating them into nearly a hundred categories. The book’s foreword is written by founder of the New York Quarterly William M. Packard. He says “Hunting the Snark is an extraordinarily well-informed joyous encomium to poetry itself.
 Psychosomatics is a peer-reviewed medical journal that focuses on psychosomatic medicine. It was established in 1960 during William S. Kroger's tenure as head of the Academy of Psychosomatic Medicine. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Academy of Psychosomatic Medicine.
 Love Monster (ラブ·モンスター Rabu Monsutā) is a shōjo manga series by Riko Miyagi. It was serialized in Japan by the publishing company Shueisha in the Margaret from 2002 to 2006 and collected in 12 Tankōbon volumes.
 The Ester Republic is a small independent monthly newspaper published in Ester Alaska and established January 1999. The paper serves as an alternative media publication for the Tanana Valley. It is the only newspaper that has been published in Ester; the village has been served historically by Fairbanks newspapers. Contributors are generally amateur writers although some professional journalists poets and photographers appear in its pages (e.g. Richard A.
 Gilda Joyce Psychic Investigator is the first book in the Gilda Joyce mystery series for children written by Jennifer Allison. Gilda Joyce Psychic Investigator was published by Dutton Children's Books. There are three books in the series: Gilda Joyce: Psychic Investigator; Gilda Joyce: The Ladies of the Lake; and Gilda Joyce: The Ghost Sonata.
 The Ringworld Throne is a novel by Larry Niven first published in 1996. It is the direct sequel to his previous work The Ringworld Engineers (1980). He wrote it as a replacement after being unable to finish his contracted novel The Ghost Ships the sequel to The Integral Trees and The Smoke Ring.
 Earthian (アーシアン Āshian) is a shōnen-ai manga by Yun Kouga about angel watchers of earth which was made into a J.C.Staff-produced anime OVA. The angels' roles are to assess the progress of humans giving them positive and negative scores based on their everyday actions. The angels who have deemed that the Earthian are becoming far too destructive decide that if the Earthian reach 10000 negative marks instead of positive then their world will be destroyed.
 Syandan Patrika (Bengali: সন্দন) is an Indian Bengali language daily newspaper published from Tripura India. It was founded and is currently managed by Subal Kumar Dey.
 Nellie 1983 is an Assamese book written by Diganta Sharma based on the barbaric Nellie massacre took place during the Assam Movement in 1983. The book is published by Eklabya Prakashan Jorhat Assam.
 The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms was N. K. Jemisin's debut novel the first book of The Inheritance Trilogy. The fantasy novel was published 2010 by Orbit. It is a winner of the 2011 Locus Award for Best First Novel the Romantic Times Reviewers' Choice Award and it has been nominated for the Hugo Nebula Crawford Gemmell Tiptree and World Fantasy awards.
 The Vampire Tapestry is a 1980 fantasy novel by American author Suzy McKee Charnas. The story follows a vampire by the name of Dr. Edward Lewis Weyland as he preys upon humanity while simultaneously trying to uncover who and what he truly is. Weyland is unlike many traditional vampires such as Bram Stoker's Dracula in that his condition stems from biologic rather than supernatural means.
 Minskiy Kurier is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 New Statesmen was a political superhero series featured in British comic Crisis created by John Smith and Jim Baikie which lasted for fourteen episodes from 1988 to 1989.
 The American Midland Naturalist is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on natural history. It was founded in 1909 by the Reverend Julius A. Nieuwland C.S.C. and is published by the University of Notre Dame.
 The Pact: Three Young Men Make a Promise and Fulfill a Dream is a 2002 New York Times Bestselling non-fiction autobiography by Sampson Davis George Jenkins Rameck Hunt and Lisa Frazier. The book was first published on May 23 2002 through Riverhead Trade and was later republished through Prentice Hall.
 The Annals of Emergency Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of emergency medicine care. It is the official journal of the American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP) and is published on their behalf by Mosby. The editor-in-chief is Michael L. Callaham (University of California at San Francisco). It was established in 1972 as the Journal of the American College of Emergency Physicians and obtained its current title in 1980.
 Christian Order is a British-based monthly magazine for Traditionalist Catholics which was described by John Beaumont of Fidelity magazine in 1996 as most influential of the conservative Catholic journals in the United Kingdom.It was originally devoted to the Catholic response to social issues taking a distributist stance sceptical of the welfare state.
 NAC Fanzine De Rat commonly known as De Rat is an independent fanzine for the Dutch football club NAC Breda. The fanzine was sold for the first time on 11 August 1996 and is the longest established fanzine in the Netherlands. The fanzine is published 8 times during the football season and the fanzine’s circulation in January 2010 was 700 copies.
 Dances on the Snow is a science fiction novel written by the Russian sci-fi and fantasy writer Sergey Lukyanenko. Despite the fact that the novel was written later it is considered to be an indirect prequel to the novel Genome. It takes place in the same fictional universe as Genome about one hundred years prior to the novel's time frame. Unlike Genome Dances on the Snow hardly deals with the issue of genetic engineering but does touch on the issue of cloning.
 The Adair County News was a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays in Columbia Adair County Kentucky The Adair County News was first published in 1887 and was last published in 1987.
 Keiji (花の慶次 -雲のかなたに- Hana no Keiji -Kumo no Kanata ni- lit The Flowery Keiji: At the Other Side of the Clouds) is a period manga authored by Tetsuo Hara which was serialized in the Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1990 to 1993. It is an adaptation of the novel Ichi-Mu-An Fūryūki (一夢庵風流記) by Keiichiro Ryu and serves as a fictionalized account of the life of Keiji Maeda. Hana no Keiji is one of Weekly Shōnen Jump's best-selling manga series of all time with over 17 million copies sold.
 Analytical Abstracts is a current awareness and information retrieval service for analytical chemistry published by the Royal Society of Chemistry in Cambridge United Kingdom. It was first published in the mid-1950s by the Society for Analytical Chemistry which merged with other societies in 1980 to form the Royal Society of Chemistry.Analytical Abstracts is published in print edition on a monthly basis.
 Magyk is a fantasy novel by Angie Sage. It is the first book in the seven-book Septimus Heap series. The sequel Flyte was released in March 2006 Physik in March 2007 Queste in 2008 Syren in September 2009 Darke in July 2011 and Fyre in 2013. The book cover of Magyk alludes to the diary that the ExtraOrdinary Wizard Marcia makes for her apprentice Septimus Heap. The cover also depicts Septimus's Dragon Ring rendered as if it were sitting atop the diary.
 The Daily News is a Zimbabwean independent newspaper published in Harare. It was founded in 1999 by Geoffrey Nyarota a former editor of the Bulawayo Chronicle. Bearing the motto Telling it like it is the Daily News swiftly became Zimbabwe's most popular newspaper. However the paper also suffered two bombings allegedly by Zimbabwean security forces. Nyarota was arrested six times and reportedly was the target of a government assassination plot.
 The Portland Daily Sun is a free daily newspaper published Tuesdays through Fridays and distributed to retail and business locations in Portland Maine. The paper was founded in 2009 by Mark Guerringue and Adam Hirshan of Country News Club in partnership with Curtis Robinson who served as founding editor. Its first edition was printed February 3 2009.
 A Life's Morning is a novel by English author George Gissing. Although written in the space of three months during 1886 it was first published in serial form beginning January 1888 in Cornhill Magazine before being released by Smith Elder & Co. as a novel.
 Gakkō no Kaidan (学校の階段 lit. The School's Staircase) is a Japanese light novel series by Takaaki Kaima with illustrations by Amane Amahuku. The first novel in the series was released on January 30 2006 and a total of twelve volumes have been published by Enterbrain under their Famitsu Bunko publishing imprint when the series concluded on July 30 2009. A live action movie adaptation was directed by Hirosaka Sasaki and premiered in Japanese theaters on June 9 2007.
 React (from Spanish: Reacciona) is a book by Rosa María Artal published in Spain in 2011 by Aguilar which compiles articles by José Luis Sampedro Baltasar Garzón Federico Mayor Zaragoza Javier Pérez de Albéniz Javier López Facal Carlos Martínez Alonso Ignacio Escolar Rosa María Artal Angels Martínez Castells Juan Torres Lopez and Lourdes Lucia.
 Mommywood is a 2009 book by Tori Spelling released on April 14 2009.
 Altered Carbon (2002) is a hardboiled cyberpunk science fiction novel by Richard K. Morgan. Set some five hundred years in the future in a universe in which the United Nations Protectorate oversees a number of extrasolar planets settled by human beings it features protagonist Takeshi Kovacs. Kovacs is a former United Nations Envoy and a native of Harlan's World a planet settled by a Japanese keiretsu with Eastern European labour.
 The Illusion is the 33rd book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Ellen Geroux. It is narrated by Tobias.
 De Bello Africo (also Bellum Africum; On the African War) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar's commentaries De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili and its sequel by an unknown author De Bello Alexandrino. It details Caesar's campaigns against his Republican enemies in the province of Africa.
 Joker first appeared in Knockout issue 1 (series 2) on 12 June 1971. Knockout merged with Whizzer and Chips in 1973. Joker stayed in Whizzer and Chips as a Whizz-kid until the end when he continued in Buster until the close of the comic on 4 January 2000. The strip was written by Malcolm Morrison and illustrated by Sid Burgon.[citation needed]
 Moon of Blood is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published by Bantam Books in the paperback collection Conan the Swordsman in August 1978. Later paperback editions of the collection were issued by Ace Books (1987 and 1991). The first hardcover edition was published by Tor Books in 2002. The book has also been translated into Italian.
 The Turn of the Screw originally published in 1898 is a ghost story novella written by Henry James.Due to its ambiguous content it became a favourite text of academics who subscribe to New Criticism. The novella has had differing interpretations often mutually exclusive. Many critics have tried to determine the exact nature of the evil hinted at by the story.
 The Lady Decides is a fantasy novel by author David H. Keller M.D.. It was first published in 1950 by Prime Press in an edition of 400 copies all of which were signed numbered and slipcased.
 Sherlock Holmes and the Railway Maniac is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Barrie Roberts which pits Sherlock Holmes against an anarchist who is bombing trains.The story involves real life incidents such as the Siege of Sidney Street.The events of the novel bookend the original Doyle story His Last Bow.
 Chemical Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of chemistry. It was established in July 2010 and is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry. Authors can elect to have accepted articles published as open access. Chemical Science won the Best New Journal 2011 award from the Association of Learned and Professional Society Publishers. The editor-in-chief is David MacMillan (Princeton University).
 Don Carlos (German: Don Karlos Infant von Spanien) is a (historical) tragedy in five acts by Friedrich Schiller; it was written between 1783 and 1787 and first produced in Hamburg in 1787. The title character is Carlos Prince of Asturias and the play as a whole is loosely modeled on historical events in the 16th century under the reign of King Philip II of Spain.
 Cinefantastique was a horror fantasy and science fiction film magazine originally started as a mimeographed fanzine in 1967 then relaunched as a glossy offset printed quarterly in 1970 by publisher/editor Frederick S. Clarke. Intended as a serious critical/review journal of the genres the magazine immediately set itself apart from such competitors as Famous Monsters of Filmland and The Monster Times due to its slick paper stock and use of full color interior film stills.
 From Bakunin to Lacan: Anti-Authoritarianism and the Dislocation of Power is a book on political philosophy by Saul Newman published in 2001. It investigates the essential characteristics of anarchist theory which holds that government and hierarchy are undesirable forms of social organisation.
 Theatrical Novel (Notes of the dead) - is an unfinished novel by Mikhail Bulgakov. Written by first-person on behalf of a writer Sergei Maksudov the novel tells of the drama behind the scenes and the writers' world.Work on it was begun on 26 November 1936. But even in 1929 Mikhail Bulgakov created a novel in letters For Secret friend (also unfinished) addressed to future wife Helen Bulgakova which explains how he became a playwright.
 Upon the Winds of Yesterday and Other Explorations is a collection of paintings by George Barr. It was published in 1976 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2500 copies. The book was released in commemoration of Barr being a Guest of Honor at the 34th World Science Fiction Convention.
 Bessatsu Hana to Yume (Japanese: 別冊花とゆめ) is a Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Hakusensha.
 Player's Option: Spells & Magic is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Coins in the Fountain is a novel by John Hermes Secondari from which was adapted the 1954 Academy Award-winning film Three Coins in the Fountain. It was remade in 1964 as the Oscar-nominated film The Pleasure Seekers and again in 1990 as Coins in the Fountain.
 In the Shadow of the Moon: A Challenging Journey to Tranquility is a 2007 non-fiction book by space historians Francis French and Colin Burgess.
 Screen is a journal of film and television studies based at the John Logie Baird Centre at the University of Glasgow and published by Oxford University Press. It is co-edited by John Caughie Alan Durant Simon Frith Sandra Kemp Norman King and Annette Kuhn.
 Penrod is a collection of comic sketches by Booth Tarkington that was first published in 1914. The book follows the misadventures of Penrod Schofield an eleven-year-old boy growing up in the pre-World War I Midwestern United States in a similar vein to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. In Penrod Tarkington established characters who appeared in two further books Penrod and Sam (1916) and Penrod Jashber (1929).
 The Clean Tech Revolution: The Next Big Growth and Investment Opportunity is a 2007 book by Ron Pernick and Clint Wilder who say that commercializing clean technologies is a profitable enterprise that is moving steadily into mainstream business.
 Nine Tomorrows is a collection of nine short stories and two pieces of comic verse by Isaac Asimov. The pieces were all originally published in magazines between 1956 and 1958 with the exception of the closing poem Rejection Slips which was original to the collection. The book was first published in the United States in 1959 and in the UK in 1963. It includes two of Asimov's favorite stories The Last Question and The Ugly Little Boy.Nine Tomorrows has been reprinted several times.
 The Train Driver is a play by Athol Fugard. It was first produced at the Fugard Theatre in Cape Town South Africa where it was directed by Fugard himself and ran from 19 March - 11 April 2010. The United States Premiere was presented at the Fountain Theatre Los Angeles from 16 October 2010 to 30 January 2011 to rave reviews. It has since been restaged at the Hampstead Theatre London where it previewed from 4 November 2010 and opened on 9 November 2010.
 The Brimstone Wedding is a 1996 mystery novel by British writer Ruth Rendell written under the name Barbara Vine.
 The Sweethearts; or The Top and the Ball (Danish: Kjærestefolkene [Toppen og bolden]) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about the unrequited love a mahogany top suffers for a leather ball. It is likely the tale's inspiration lies in Andersen’s youthful relationship with Riborg Voight a woman who declined his marriage proposal in 1830. The Sweethearts was published by C.A.
 Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the study of autonomous agents and multi-agent systems. It is published bimonthly by Springer Science+Business Media and is the official journal of the International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems.
 The Haunted Bridge is the fifteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was originally published by Grosset & Dunlap in 1937.
 Young Lucretia and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Mary Wilkins Freeman a protégée of William Dean Howells. She is known for having written collections such as A New England Nun and Other Stories and A Humble Romance and Other Stories. The stories in Young Lucretia and Other Stories were originally published in leading literary magazines such as Harper's Young People and St. Nicholas Magazine between 1887 and 1892.
 Angel of Grozny: Inside Chechnya is a book by Norwegian journalist Åsne Seierstad published in 2008 which gives an account of everyday life in the war-torn Russian Republic of Chechnya. The book was also printed under the title Angel of Grozny: Orphans of a Forgotten War.
 The Art of Investing in America: Secrets to Success is the sixth book written by Dennis Unkovic who has also contributed to three additional books and written over 148 articles for domestic and international publications. The Art of Investing in America was published in March 2009 by the Metallurgical Industry Press in Beijing China.
 The twelve volume Catalogue of Political and Personal Satires Preserved in the Department of Prints and Drawings in the British Museum is the primary reference work for the study of British satirical prints of the 18th and 19th century. Most of the content of the catalogue is now available through the British Museum's on-line database.
 Al Jamila is an Arabic monthly women's magazine published in Dubai. It is one of the publications of the Saudi Research and Marketing Group.
 Tanken Driland (探検ドリランド Tanken Dorirando lit. Exploration Driland) is a Japanese mobile game developed by GREE Inc.. A manga adaptation began serialization in Jump Square in 2012. An anime series by Toei Animation began airing on 7 July 2012.
 Catalogue of Works in Refutation of Methodism: from its Origin in 1729 to the Present Time (often referred to as Catalogue of Works in Refutation of Methodism) is the title of an antiquarian bibliography or catalogue first published in America in 1846 by the 19th century author Curtis H. Cavender who compiled the work under the anagrammatic pen name of H.C. Decanver.A reference work of religious criticism the Catalogue is Decanver's debut publication and his only written work.
 Our Country's Good is a 1990 play written by British playwright Timberlake Wertenbaker adapted from the Thomas Keneally novel The Playmaker. The story concerns a group of Royal Marines and convicts in a penal colony in New South Wales in the 1780s who put on a production of The Recruiting Officer. First staged at the Royal Court Theatre London on 10 September 1988 directed by Max Stafford-Clark. It ran on Broadway in 1991.
 The Green Book: A guide to Members' allowances (often simply The Green Book) was a publication of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. Prior to 7 May 2010 it set out the rules governing MPs' salaries allowances and pensions before being replaced by rules set by the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority created by the Parliamentary Standards Act 2009 as a result of the Parliamentary expenses scandal.
 I Can Lick 30 Tigers Today! and Other Stories (ISBN 0-394-80094-X) is a children's story book written by Dr. Seuss and first published in 1969. The title story concerns a boy who brags that he can fight 30 tigers and win. He makes excuse after excuse finally disqualifying all the tigers until he must fight no tigers at all. The illustrations are notable for their use of gouache and brush strokes rather than the usual pen and ink.
 Dragons of Eberron (ISBN 0-7869-4154-4) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Battle Hymn of China by Agnes Smedley. Also published as China Correspondent. This book is a first-hand account of the Sino-Japanese War from the viewpoint of a left-wing US woman who tried sharing the lives of ordinary Chinese.
 Kong the Untamed is a comic book series published by DC Comics that ran for five issues. It was created in 1975 by writer Jack Oleck and artist Alfredo Alcala.The title character Kong is an intelligent caveman who is a direct descendant of Anthro another DC Comics caveman character.
 Lipstick Jungle is a novel written by New York writer and socialite Candace Bushnell that weaves the stories of Nico Reilly Wendy Healy and Victory Ford who are numbers 8 12 and 17 on the New York Post's list of New York's 50 Most Powerful Women. The premise appears to tread similar ground to Bushnell's famed Sex and the City following the lives of three New York career women; however in this book the women are a little older richer and more powerful.
 Quilt in a Day is both a book and a television series. Eleanor Burns self-published her first book Make a Quilt in a Day: Log Cabin Pattern in 1978. She is considered one of the most well known quilters in America today. Her shows air on PBS Quilters TV QNN TV RFD-TV and she has published over 104 books.
 Baboy Scouts (a spoof of Boy Scouts) is an adventure story arc of the Philippine comic strip series Pugad Baboy created by Pol Medina Jr. and originally published in the Philippine Daily Inquirer. This particular story arc lasts 25 strips long. In 1992 the story arc was reprinted in Pugad Baboy 3 the third book compilation of the comic strip series.
 Mare Liberum (English: The Free Sea or The Freedom of the Seas) is a book in Latin on international law written by the Dutch jurist and philosopher Hugo Grotius first published in 1609. In The Free Sea Grotius formulated the new principle that the sea was international territory and all nations were free to use it for seafaring trade. The disputation was directed towards the Portuguese Mare clausum policy and their claim of monopoly on the East Indian Trade.
 The Dream of the Celt (Spanish: El sueño del celta) is a novel written by Peruvian writer and 2010 Nobel laureate in literature Mario Vargas Llosa. The novel was presented to the public on November 3 2010 during a special ceremony held in the Casa de América museum and cultural center in Madrid the same day as it appeared in bookstores. It has been a bestseller in Spain and was the most popular title at the XXIV Feria Internacional del Libro de Guadalajara.
 Metamagical Themas is an eclectic collection of articles that Douglas Hofstadter wrote for the popular science magazine Scientific American during the early 1980s. The anthology was published in 1985 by Basic Books.The subject matter of the articles is loosely woven about themes in philosophy creativity artificial intelligence typography and fonts and important social issues.
 Organon F is a Slovak academic journal of philosophy focusing on analytical philosophy.
 Palomita Blanca (Spanish for Little White Dove) is a 1971 novel written by Enrique Lafourcade. More than fifty editions (including reprintings) have been published making the novel the most widely sold novel in the history of Chilean literature with more than a million copies sold.
 Naometria (temple measurement) is a book of prophecies attributed to Simon Studion and published in 1604. Its two thousand pages cover predictions based on numerology that include destruction of the Papacy.
 Arundhatī (Hindi: अरुन्धती) (1994) is a Hindi epic poem (Mahakavya) composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950–) in the year 1994. It consists of 1279 verses in 15 cantos (sargas). The poem presents the narrative of the couple Arundhatī and Vasiṣṭha which is found in various Hindu scriptures. As per the poet the narration of the epic is directly related to the psychological evolution of humans.
 Rakka Ryūsui (落花流水) is an on-going Japanese 4koma seinen manga written and illustrated by Ikki Sanada. The manga began beening serialized in Manga Time Kirara Max in 2006 six bound volume have published by Houbunsha to date. The main character is Akiho Hayama and the story is about her days at the kyūdō club at Sakuraba Girls' High School (桜庭女子高校 Sakurabajoshikōkō) an all-girls school.
 Debris is a play by Dennis Kelly. It was produced first at Theatre 503 in London in 2003 before being transferred to Battersea Arts Centre the next year.A one-act play where a brother and sister try to make sense of their dysfunctional childhood.
 Daneshmand is a monthly general science magazine covering recent developments in science and technology for a general Persian-speaking audience. Founded in 1963 it is published by Novin Daneshmand organization a subsidiary of Reed Elsevier.
 Against the Day is a 2006 historical novel by Thomas Pynchon. The narrative takes place between the 1893 Chicago World's Fair and the time immediately following World War I and features more than a hundred characters spread across the United States Europe Mexico Central Asia and one or two places not strictly speaking on the map at all according to the book jacket blurb written by Pynchon.
 Ubique is a poem by Rudyard Kipling about the Boer War published in The Five Nations in 1903. Ubique ('everywhere' in Latin) is the motto of the Royal Artillery and the Royal Engineers.'Ubique' and 'Quo fas et gloria ducunt' are the mottoes of the Royal Engineers and the Royal Artillery. It was given to them by King William IV in 1832.
 Bazaar Bizarre is both a 2005 craft how-to book by Greg Der Ananian and a craft fair of the same name organized by him which happens once every December in cities such as San Francisco Boston Cleveland and Los Angeles.
 Nictoglobe is an online art magazine. Its international contributors are working in arts related fields such as (digital) writing painting poetry and activism. Nictoglobe is edited and published by A. Andreas (Andreas Maria Jacobs) who was born in the Netherlands in 1956.
 A Sheaf of Bluebells is a novel by Baroness Emmuska Orczy Orczy about the feuds between Royalists and the followers of Napoleon Bonaparte. It is a novel by Baroness Orczy which was first published in 1917. The novel was turned into a play The Legion of Honour by Orczy in 1918.
 Footprints on Sand: a Literary Sampler is a 1981 collection of writings by science fiction authors L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp illustrated by C. H. Burnett published by Advent. The collection was compiled to celebrate the de Camps' appearance as joint Guests of Honor at the June 12–14 1981 X-Con science fiction convention in Milwaukee Wisconsin.The book opens with a series of tributes to the de Camps by Robert A.
 The Worst Date Ever or How it Took a Comedy Writer to Expose Africa's Secret War is a memoir written by the British comedy writer Jane Bussmann. The book exposes the war crimes and corruption of the Lord's Resistance Army and the Ugandan government army using black humor and gonzo journalism.
 For the similarly named periodical see Scribner's Magazine.Scribner's Monthly: An Illustrated Magazine for the People was an American literary periodical published from 1870 until 1881.
 Vision of the Future is the second of the two Hand of Thrawn novels by Timothy Zahn. This the final book written by Zahn that relates to Grand Admiral Thrawn takes place 10 years after The Last Command in 19 ABY (After the Battle of Yavin).
 Isaiah Eleven is a novel written by Jesse Childs and published by Research Associates School Times Publishing.Isaiah Eleven is based on the life experiences of the author. It is the first in a trilogy of books called the Isaiah Chronicles. The book is set in Chicago during the early 21st century. The novel deals with themes of identity in a world after the attacks of September 11 2001 in the United States and the struggle of one youth to become a man while attending an elite college.
 Star Hawks is a comic strip written through April 1979 by Ron Goulart followed by Archie Goodwin Roger McKenzie and Roger Stern. Comics veteran Gil Kane provided the artwork with uncredited help from Ernie Colón and Howard Chaykin. It began on October 3 1977 and ran through May 2 1981.Kane received the National Cartoonist Society Story Comic Strip Award for 1977 for his work on the strip.Besides scripting the strip Goulart wrote two Star Hawk prose novels: Empire 99 and The Cyborg King.
 The English Illustrated Magazine was a monthly publication that ran for 359 issues between October 1883 and August 1913. Features included travel topography and a large amount of fiction and were contributed by writers such as Thomas Hardy Henry James Stanley J. Weyman and Max Pemberton. Illustrators included Walter Crane Carlo Perugini Alma Tadema Louis Davis and Louis Wain. It was the only illustrated competitor to Cassell's Magazine.
 The House of Sixty Fathers is a children's novel by Meindert DeJong first published in 1956. Illustrations were provided by Maurice Sendak. The novel was based on the author's own experiences as a military flier in China during the second world war.The book won the Josette Frank Award (then named the Children's Book Award of the Child Study Association) in 1956.
 Mystery of the Glowing Eye is the fifty-first volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1974 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 A Mystery for Mr. Bass is a 1960 children's science fiction novel by Canadian author Eleanor Cameron. The novel followed The Wonderful Flight to the Mushroom Planet (1954) Stowaway to the Mushroom Planet (1956) Mr. Bass's Planetoid (1958) and it was illustrated by Leonard Shortall.
 The Maxx is an American comic book series created by Sam Kieth and published originally monthly by Image Comics and now collected in trade paperback collections from DC Comic's Wildstorm imprint. The comic book which stars a character of the same name spawned an animated series that aired on MTV.
 Bus Gamer (ビズゲーマー Bizu Gēmā) is a short-lived Japanese manga series created by Kazuya Minekura. It only exists as a single volume 'Pilot Edition' due to difficulties in serialization. The manga has been licensed for North American distribution by Tokyopop. The series follows the story of three young men hired by a mysterious company to participate in a business game in which companies gamble against each other for corporate secrets.
 Definitely Dead is the sixth book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries.
 Sia lives on Kilimanjaro (original Swedish title: Sia bor på Kilimandjaro) is a children's book written by Astrid Lindgren and with photographs by Anna Riwkin-Brick. The original Swedish edition was published in 1958 by the Rabén & Sjögren publishing company in Stockholm.
 For the English-language version of this magazine see Chatelaine (magazine).Châtelaine is a French-language magazine of women's lifestyles published monthly in Quebec by Rogers Media Inc. a division of Rogers Communications Inc. It was first published in 1960 by Maclean-Hunter Publishing. The magazine covers issues and interests of real concern to women including food health style home and current affairs.
 The Armourer's House is a children's historical novel by Rosemary Sutcliff and first published in 1951.It is set primarily in London during the reign of King Henry VIII. It is Sutcliff's third book and is acknowledged by her as being 'a little too cozy and a little too sweet' being part of what she refers to as her 'apprenticeship phase of writing.'and will likely read as more of an outright children's novel than most of her later works.
 GameGO! was an ambitious but short-lived video game magazine. Conceived by Eric C. Mylonas and Thomas Keller and staffed by former GameFan editors it not only intended to follow in the footsteps of the then-defunct GameFan Magazine but focus even deeper into the hardcore gaming market. The magazine's coverage tended to eschew more well-known mainstream games in favor of providing better exposure to obscure niche and import games.Only one issue was ever published.
 The Halesowen News is a local free newspaper which serves the Halesowen area of the West Midlands in England. It has been in circulation since February 1985 and as well as residents of Halesowen it is also posted to the homes of readers living in surrounding communities including Quinton Rowley Regis Blackheath Cradley Heath Old Hill and Cradley. Halesowen News Website
 The Lamplighter is a sentimental novel written by Maria Susanna Cummins and published in 1854 and a best-selling novel of its era.
 Season of Doubt is a 1968 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary set in Beiruit. Cleary and his wife researched the novel by traveling extensively through the city.
 La Boîte à merveilles is an autobiographical 1954 novel by Moroccan writer Ahmed Sefrioui. It was written in 1952 and was long thought to be the first Moroccan novel written in the French language.
 The Pilgrim's Progress: The Third Part is a pseudepigraphic sequel to John Bunyan's The Pilgrim's Progress written by an anonymous author. It was published with Bunyan's work in editions from 1693 to 1852 because it was believed to be written by Bunyan. It presents the pilgrimage of Tender-Conscience and his companions. In the 19th century it was bowdlerized to omit a few sexual situations and allusions.
 Blessed Is the Fruit is a novel by Robert Antoni. Published in 1997 by Henry Holt it explores the fluid boundaries of race in the Caribbean.
 Coastal Engineering Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering achievements and engineering practices in the fields of coastal harbor and offshore engineering. The journal is published by World Scientific and is intended to cover not only fundamental studies on analytical models numerical computation and laboratory experiments but also results of field measurements and case studies of real projects .
 Crystallography Reviews is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing review articles on all aspects of the science of crystallography. It is published quarterly by the Taylor & Francis. The editor-in-chief is John R. Helliwell University of Manchester UK.
 The Belize Times is a Belizean newspaper published once a week and the official organ of the People's United Party (PUP). It was established in 1956 and sells for BZ$1.00. Its offices are located at the PUP's Belize City headquarters at 3 Queen Street Belize City. As of August 2006 it has published over 4500 issues making it the longest continuously published newspaper in Belize since 1950.
 The Electronic Communications in Probability (ECP) is a peer-reviewed electronic journal of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics (IMS) and the Bernoulli Society. ECP publishes short research articles in probability theory. ECP is free access for both authors and readers.
 My Heart's in the Highlands is a one act play by Armenian-American dramatist and author William Saroyan adapted from his short story The Man With His Heart in the Highlands. Saroyan's first play it is a comedy about a young boy and his Armenian family. It was produced at the Guild Theatre in New York.
 Electronics Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published biweekly by the Institution of Engineering and Technology. It specializes in the rapid publication of short communications on all areas of electronic engineering including optical communication and biomedical engineering as well as electronic circuits and signal processing.In 2010 Electronics Letters was relaunched with a new section at the start of each issue.
 loolA Lucky Child is a memoir written by Thomas Buergenthal in the vein of Night by Elie Wiesel or My Brother’s Voice (2003) by Stephen Nasserin which he recounts the astounding story of his surviving the Holocaust as a ten-year old child owing to his wits and some remarkable strokes of luck.The book chronicles the author's life in Czechoslovakia and escape from concentration camp.
 1945 is a novel written in 2007 by Robert Conroy the author of other alternate history novels such as 1901 and 1862.
 The Dragon Man is a 1999 crime novel by the Australian author Garry Disher.
 Tianjin Today Evening News is a Chinese language newspaper published from Tianjin China.
 Azure: Ideas for the Jewish Nation (Hebrew: תכלת‎) (Tchelet) was a quarterly journal published by the Shalem Center in Jerusalem Israel. Azure published new writing on issues relating to Jewish thought and identity Zionism and the State of Israel. It was published in both Hebrew and English allowing for the exchange of ideas between Israelis and Jews worldwide. Azure was established in 1996 and was originally published twice a year but grew into a quarterly.
 Nuclear Holocausts: Atomic War in Fiction 1895–1984 was written by Paul Brians and published in 1987. This comprehensive study covers Nuclear holocaust fiction published in English-language works between 1895 and 1984. Brians notes that 1895 marked the first appearance of an atomic weapon in fiction: Robert Cromie's Crack of Doom. The latter date marks the conclusion of this study's time span.Brians' work examines only fiction actually depicting nuclear war and its aftermath.
 The American Journal of Enology and Viticulture is a peer-reviewed scientific journal. It was established in 1950 and is published 4 times a year by the American Society for Enology and Viticulture. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 1.171.
 The Elves of Cintra is the second novel in Terry Brooks's epic fantasy trilogy The Genesis of Shannara. The series bridges the events of Brooks' Word & Void series with his acclaimed novel The Sword of Shannara and the subsequent trilogy. It immediately follows the novel Armageddon's Children. It details events during the Great Wars a historical conflict referenced frequently in the Shannara books.
 Mass Effect: Retribution is a novel by Canadian science fiction writer Drew Karpyshyn set in the Mass Effect universe.
 How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia is the third novel by writer Mohsin Hamid.The novel uses a second-person perspective referring to the protagonist only as you. The story takes place in an unnamed country that resembles Hamid's home country of Pakistan. It details the protagonist's beginnings as a poor boy and quest for wealth and love as he moves to the city and enters the bottled water business.
 Chronobiology International is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers all aspects of biological and medical rhythm research chronotherapeutics and chronoprevention of risks. It is the official journal of the International Society for Chronobiology the American Association for Medical Chronobiology and Chronotherapeutics and the Society for Light Treatment and Biological Rhythms. The editor-in-chief is Francesco Portaluppi (University of Ferrara).
 The Thirty-Nine Steps is an adventure novel by the Scottish author John Buchan. It first appeared as a serial in Blackwood's Magazine in August and September 1915 before being published in book form in October that year by William Blackwood and Sons Edinburgh.
 Stylist is the title of a free weekly magazine for women that is published in the United Kingdom which launched on 7 October 2009.Mike Soutar former editor-in-chief of FHM and editorial director at IPC is CEO. Phil Hilton is Editorial Director Lisa Smosarski is Editor and Glenda Marchant is Publisher. Stylist is owned by independent publishing company Shortlist Media Ltd which also owns Shortlist a free weekly magazine title for men.
 The Challenge of the Cults and New Religions: The Essential Guide to Their History Their Doctrine and Our Response is a non-fiction book on cults and new religious movements written by Ron Rhodes Ph.D. The book was published by Zondervan on September 1 2001. The book defines cults and new religions by examining case studies of twelve groups chosen by Rhodes. The book includes a foreword by Lee Strobel author of the book The Case for Christ.
 The Ballad of Beta-2 is a 1965 science fiction novel by Samuel R. Delany The book was originally published as Ace Double M-121 together with Alpha Yes Terra No! by Emil Petaja. The first stand alone edition was published in 1971.In 1977 a corrected edition came out in a hardcover edition published by Gregg Press with an introduction by Marilyn Hacker.
 COStume MODE Magazine (COSMODE) is a Japanese-language magazine about cosplay. Each issue contains color images of cosplayers from conventions and various events. It also includes information and hints on costume construction hair styling makeup and other cosplay-related tips.In 2008 COSMODE Online a digitalized English version of COSMODE magazine was created in response to the growing cosplay culture.
 Paving Wall Street: Experimental Economics and the Quest for the Perfect Market (later reprinted under the title Experimental Economics: How We Can Build Better Financial Markets) is a book about finance experimental economics and market design written by Ross Miller (forward by Vernon L. Smith) published in 2002.
 Getting Even is a fantasy short story by Isaac Asimov. It is the first story in his series of Union Club mysteries and also the first in his Azazel fantasy series. It first appeared in the August 1980 issue of Gallery.According to Asimov this story was omitted from both of his anthologies The Union Club Mysteries (Doubleday: 1983) and Azazel (Doubleday: 1988) because it did not match the later stories in either series.
 Rusty Bugles was a controversial Australian play written by Sumner Locke Elliott that toured extensively throughout Australia between 1948–1949 and achieved the notoriety of being closed down by the Chief Secretary's Office for obscenity.
 Beijing Evening News (Chinese: 北京晚报; Pinyin: Běijīng Wǎnbào) is a Chinese language newspaper in the People's Republic of China from Beijing. It was founded on March 15 1958. Mao Zedong wrote the title for it in 1964.It featured the best-selling novel Beijinger in New York by Glen Cao as a television series in 1991. In 2002 it was found to have lifted a fake article about the U.S. Congress' Supposed Move From Washington D.C. in protest of better facilities from The Onion.
 Mr. Bliss is a children's picture book by J. R. R. Tolkien published posthumously in book form in 1982. One of Tolkien's least-known short works it tells the story of Mr. Bliss and his first ride in his new motor-car. Many adventures follow: encounters with bears angry neighbours irate shopkeepers and assorted collisions.The story was inspired by Tolkien's own vehicular mishaps with his first car purchased in 1932. The bears were based on toy bears owned by Tolkien's sons.
 Magico (マジコ Majiko) is a Japanese shonen manga written and illustrated by Naoki Iwamoto. The series follows the story of Shion and Emma to complete the magic ritual Magico to seal away the power of Echidna a dreadful and extremely powerful magic dormant inside Emma's body.Magico has been serialized in the Japanese magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump published by Shueisha since February 2011.
 The King Never Smiles is an unauthorized biography of Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Paul M. Handley a freelance journalist who lived and worked as a foreign correspondent in Thailand. It is published by Yale University Press and was released in 2006. The book was banned in Thailand before publication and the Thai authorities have blocked local access to websites advertising the book.
 The Rock Jockeys (later retitled Devil's Wall) is the fourth novel in the World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on March 1 1995 by Random House. It was later retitled Devil's Wall by Macmillan Children's Books in the UK and released on April 9 1999.
 The Oregon Commentator is a student publication at the University of Oregon in Eugene Oregon United States. Founded on September 27 1983 and first published on October 24 1983 it is a self-described conservative journal of opinion modeled after such publications as Harvard Lampoon The Onion and Reason Magazine. The magazine's official ideological stance is conservative although many of the ideas and values it promotes might be better described as libertarian.
 Player's Secrets of Halskapa is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms with Observations on their Habits (sometimes shortened to Worms) is an 1881 book by Charles Darwin on earthworms. It was his last scientific book and was published shortly before his death (see Darwin from Insectivorous Plants to Worms). Exploring earthworm behaviour and ecology it continued the theme common throughout his work that gradual changes over long periods of time can lead to large and sometimes surprising consequences.
 Thorns is a science fiction novel by American author Robert Silverberg published as a paperback original in 1967 and a Nebula and Hugo Awards nominee.
 Akwas by Mike Roy is a Sunday only adventure comic strip which ran from June 14 1964 to March 28 1965 and was syndicated through 1972. It featured the Native American character Akwas in realistic historical adventures set before Christopher Columbus' voyage to the Americas. The best format is the half page; the strip is also found in a third of a page and tabloid formats which drop one or more panels.
 The Idylls of the Queen: A Tale of Queen Guenevere is a 1982 fantasy mystery novel set in the framework of the King Arthur myths written by American author Phyllis Ann Karr. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in June 1982 and reprinted by Berkley Books in 1985. A trade paperback edition was published by Wildside Press in 1999. The novel's title is a nod to Alfred Lord Tennyson's Arthurian poetry collection Idylls of the King.
 Women in Music was an American newsletter founded in July 1935 by its publisher and editor Frédérique Petrides then the conductor of the Orchestrette Classique – an orchestra based in New York made-up of all women musicians. The publication ran until December 1940. The thirty-seven extant issues have been reprinted in the 1991 book by Jan Bell Groh Evening the Score: Women in Music and the Legacy of Frédérique Petrides.
 Feathers is a children’s historical novel by Jacqueline Woodson that was first published in 2007. The story is about a sixth grade girl named Frannie growing up in the ‘70s. One day an unexpected new student causes much chaos to the class because he is the only white boy in the whole school. Feathers grapples with concepts such as religion race hope and understanding.
 La Presidenta: historia de una vida (Spanish: The President story of a life) is a 2011 biography of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner written by journalist Sandra Russo. It was ranked as the most sold non-fiction book in the first two weeks since its edition. It is based in four interviews with Cristina Fernández and other close politicians.The book was critical with former members of the cabinet.
 Politika ekspres was a Serbian daily newspaper published in Belgrade by Politika AD from 1963 until 2005.Known colloquially as Ekspres and started in 1963 as an evening paper meant to compete with Večernje novosti it arrived on the market as the fourth Belgrade daily.
 Street Fighter is an American comic book based on the Street Fighter franchise and published by UDON under license from Capcom. This series draws not only on the established Street Fighter canon but also occasionally addresses various continuity retcons and even draws from fanon and non-official sources as well.
 The Myth of the Plan: Lessons of Soviet Planning Experience is a critical analysis of the Soviet economic planning system.
 A Beautiful Friendship is a 2011 young adult science fiction novel by American author David Weber. Set in the fictional Honorverse the book serves as a prequel to the main Honor Harrington series which takes place hundreds of years later in the fictional timeline.It features Stephanie Harrington an ancestor of the main character Honor Harrington who has been mentioned a number of times.
 L'Enchaîné du Nord et du Pas-de-Calais was a Communist Party weekly newspaper published from Lille France published on Fridays. Stêphane Dubled was the editor-in-chief of l'Enchaîné.The first issue of l'Enchaîné was published on May 26 1923. It replaced a previous Lille-based communist publication Le Prolétaire. The founding director of the new publication was Guy Jerram secretary of the Nord federation of the Communist Party.
 Ahoy! was a magazine published between January 1984 and January 1989 that focused on all Commodore International color computers but especially the Commodore 64 and Amiga.
 Sonic the Comic known to its many readers as STC was a British children's comic published fortnightly by Fleetway Editions (the merged companies Fleetway and London Editions which progressively became integrated with its parent company Egmont until it became known as Egmont Magazines) between 1993 and 2002. It was the UK's official Sega comic featuring stories about its mascot Sonic the Hedgehog and related characters as well as comic strips based on other Sega video games.
 Rufus M. by Eleanor Estes is the third novel in the children's series known as The Moffats. Published in 1943 it was a Newbery Honor book. The title character is the youngest of four children growing up in a small town in Connecticut in 1918.
 Fugues is a gay magazine which publishes monthly in Montreal Quebec Canada since April 1984. The magazine is primarily in French although some English content is published as well. It focuses on news related to LGBT communities gay culture nightlife health fitness fashion travel festivals arts and entertainment. Over 180 pages of news trends culture nightlife community activities special folders and opinion articles.
 Angiology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Vascular disease. The journal's editor is Dimitri P. Mikhailidis M.D. FRCPATH (Royal Free and University College Medical School). It has been in publication since 1950 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Land Leviathan is a sci-fi/alternate history novel by Michael Moorcock first published in 1974. Originally subtitled A New Scientific Romance it has been seen as an early steampunk novel dealing with an alternative British Imperial history dominated by airships and futuristic warfare. It is a sequel to Warlord of the Air (1971) and followed by The Steel Tsar (1981). This proto-steampunk trilogy is also published as the compilation volume A Nomad of the Time Streams.
 Henry and June: From the Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin (full title Henry and June: From A Journal of Love: the Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin (1931–1932)) is a 1986 book that is based upon material excerpted from the unpublished diaries of Anaïs Nin.
 Endangered Species is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: Can Angel rid the world of all vampires?
 Configurations is an academic journal establlished in 1993 and the official publication of the Society for Literature Science and Arts. It covers the study of discourse in science technology and medicine and investigates the relationship between literature and the arts and science and technology.
 Best Motoring (ベストモータリング Besuto Mōtaringu) was Japan's preeminent automobile magazine video and DVD series. Alongside Best Motoring were Hot Version and Video Special.
 The Langoliers is a novella one of four works published in the Stephen King book Four Past Midnight in 1990.
 Real World is a novel written by Natsuo Kirino. It was published in English by Vintage Books on July 15 2008. The story describes the lives of four teenage girls: Toshi Terauchi Yuzan and Kirarin and how they deal with Toshi's neighbor Worm a teenage boy who goes on the run after being accused of murdering his mother.
 Vietnam Magazine is a full-color history magazine published bi-monthly which covers the Vietnam War. It was founded in 1988 by the late Colonel Harry G. Summers Jr. Colonel Summers served in the U.S. Army in both Korea and Vietnam where he was twice wounded and decorated for valor. The current editor is David T. Zabecki a major general in the U.S. Army Reserve and presently the Deputy Chief of Staff for Mobilization and Reserve Affairs for U.S.
 The Open Society and Its Enemies is a two-volume work on political philosophy by Karl Popper. Written during World War II it failed to find a publisher in the United States and was first printed in London by Routledge in 1945. The book was published in Russia in 1992.
 Lost On Venus is the second book in the Venus series (Sometimes called the Carson Napier of Venus series) by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was first serialized in Argosy in 1933 and published in book form two years later.
 Bro is a science fiction novel by Vladimir Sorokin the first part in the series The Ice Trilogy a “tripartite extravaganza [that] pummels the reader with super-dense chunks of satire fantasy parody history and paranoid pseudo-theory.“ The other volumes are respectively Ice and 23000. Although it chronologically precedes Ice it was written several years after Ice was published.
 Kmt is a magazine on ancient Egypt published quarterly by Kmt communications. The first issue was published in Spring 1990. The magazines presents feature stories reports from recent excavations announcements of upcoming lectures and symposia and book reviews.
 Unfriendly Fire: How the Gay Ban Undermines the Military and Weakens America is an American 2009 political book by Nathaniel Frank that argues that the Don't Ask Don't Tell policy banning openly gay servicemen and women from the United States armed forces weakened military and national security. According to Frank 12000 people — 800 of whom had previously been deemed mission critical by the U.S.
 Music Theory Spectrum (ISSN 0195-6167) is a peer-reviewed academic journal specializing in music theory and analysis. It is the official journal of the Society for Music Theory and is published by University of California Press in Berkeley California. The journal was first published in 1979 as the official organ of the Society for Music Theory which had been founded in 1977 and had its first conference in 1978.
 The Savage Amusement is an original novel written by David Bishop and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd. At the time of publication (1993) Bishop was editor of the Judge Dredd Megazine.
 The Third Option is Vince Flynn's third novel and the second to feature Mitch Rapp an American agent that works for the CIA as an operative for a covert counterterrorism unit called the Orion Team.
 The Daily Telegraph is a daily morning broadsheet newspaper published in London and distributed throughout the United Kingdom and internationally. The newspaper was founded by Arthur B. Sleigh in June 1855 as The Daily Telegraph and Courier and since 2004 has been owned by David and Frederick Barclay. It had a daily circulation of 523048 in March 2014 down from 552065 in early 2013.
 The Last Templar is a 2005 novel by Raymond Khoury and also is his debut work. The novel was on the New York Times Bestseller list for 22 months.
 Tokyo Tribes is the English title of the Seinen manga series Tokyo Tribe2 (トウキョウ トライブ トゥー Tōkyō Toraibu Tū) by Santa Inoue. Tokyo Tribes was originally serialized from 1997 to 2005 in the urban fashion magazine boon. It is a continuation of the plot in Tokyo Tribe although many of the characters from that story do not appear in this series.
 Just My Type: A Book About Fonts is a nonfiction book by Simon Garfield a British journalist and non-fiction author. The book touches on typography in our daily lives specifically why people dislike Comic Sans Papyrus and Trajan Capitals; the overwhelming European popularity of Helvetica; and how a font can make a person seem such a way such as masculine feminine American British German or Jewish.
 Edvard Grieg – mennesket og kunstneren (Edvard Grieg. The Man and the Artist) is a biography of Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg written by Finn Benestad and Dag Schjelderup-Ebbe in 1980.The book treats the life and works of Edvard Grieg and includes a comprehensive list of Grieg's works with incipits.
 Automobile Year (formerly as Annual Automobile Review) is a yearbook specialising in automobile and motorsport published annually in three different languages; English French (as L'Année Automobile) German (as Auto-Jahr). More recent editions now carry the tagline: The Annual For Car Enthusiasts.
 The Advertiser Democrat is a weekly newspaper serving 18 towns in the Greater Oxford Hills region of western Maine in the United States. It is published weekly on Thursday from its editorial/advertising offices in Norway Maine. The newspaper is printed in Lewiston.Depending on how it is dated the Advertiser Democrat is either the oldest weekly newspaper in Maine or the oldest paper period.
 Just Ella is a novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix and published in 1999 by Simon & Schuster. The story is a retelling of Cinderella with a feminist twist and a different version of the happily-ever-after ending. The plot revolves around Ella a beautiful girl struggling to find the true meaning of happiness. A companion novel Palace of Mirrors was released in 2008.
 Limonka (Russian: Лимонка) is a Moscow-based newspaper. Limonka is the official organ of the National Bolshevik Party. Limonka was founded by Eduard Limonov and it was first published in 1994. The name is a play of words on Limonov and is idiomatic Russian for grenade. It was forced to change its name to General Line after the authorities banned it for promoting extremism and calling on overthrowing the constitutional order.
 Nybyggarna redirects here. For the film see The New Land.The Settlers (Swedish: Nybyggarna) is a novel by Vilhelm Moberg from 1956. It is the third and the longest part of the The Emigrants series.
 Cornerstone was a newspaper and later a magazine published by Jesus People USA focusing on topics of evangelical Christian faith and engagement with politics and culture.Cornerstone began as an 8-page black-and-white newspaper in 1971 printed at various locations by the itinerant Jesus People community. In 1973 its publication address settled permanently in Chicago Illinois.
 Utawarerumono (うたわれるもの) is a Japanese adult AVG+SLG (S-RPG) visual novel by Leaf which was released on April 26 2002 for the PC. A manga version was created in 2005 and was first serialized in Dengeki G's Magazine. An anime adaptation aired between April and September 2006 containing 26 episodes. In 2011 a sequel visual novel tentatively titled Utawarerumono 2 for the PlayStation 3 was announced as being in development.
 Hiwwe wie Driwwe which means Over here as over there (cf. German Hüben wie Drüben) is the title of the only existing Pennsylvania German language newspaper. Since 1997 the publication is distributed twice a year. More than 100 Pennsylvania German authors - members of Lutheran and UCC churches as well as Old Order Amish and Old Order Mennonites - have already contributed pieces of prose poems and newspaper articles.
 Girl with the Most Cake is an upcoming autobiography and memoir written by musician actress and artist Courtney Love. The book details Love's life from her wayward upbringing to her rise to prominence with her band Hole. The book also focuses on several relationships particularly her marriage to Kurt Cobain as well as her struggles with addiction. Love described the book as being not kiss-telly... It's not that.
 Dumbarton Oaks Papers (DOP) is an academic journal founded in 1941 for the publication of articles relating to civilizations of the late antique early medieval and Byzantine periods.Publication was suspended during World War II resuming in 1946 irregularly at first and eventually published annually by the mid-1950s.
 The Rich Boy is a short story by American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was included in his 1926 collection All the Sad Young Men.
 Martha Stewart Weddings is a weddings magazine published by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia. Martha Stewart Weddings was launched as an annual publication in 1994 and was expanded to quarterly in 1999. It is the second magazine title published by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia and is primarily distributed through newsstands.
 Columbia & Britannia (2009) is an anthology of alternate history stories edited by Adam Chamberlain and Brian A. Dixon. Each of the stories in the anthology takes placed in a shared timeline a world in which the American Revolutionary War never took place. Published by Fourth Horseman Press the book was nominated for the 2010 Sidewise Award for Alternate History.
 The Tin Pan Alley Rag is a 2009 biographical musical play produced by The Roundabout Theatre Company.
 Three Tall Women is a play by Edward Albee which won the 1994 Pulitzer Prize for Drama Albee's third.
 A Wish for Wings That Work: An Opus Christmas Story is a children's book by Berkeley Breathed that was published in 1991. It was made into an animated television special that same year. The story is 30 pages long and contains large color pictures every other page and small black and white ones over the writing.
 The International Economic Review (IER) is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal in economics published by the Economics Department of the University of Pennsylvania and Osaka University. The journal's focus is wide and includes many areas of economics including econometrics economic theory macroeconomics and applied economics.IER was started in 1960 by Michio Morishima at Osaka University's Institute of Social Economic Research (ISER) and Lawrence R.
 Traverse Northern Michigan's Magazine is a monthly magazine about life in Northern Michigan including Petoskey Mackinac Island Harbor Springs Frankfort Traverse City Leelanau County the Upper Peninsula and more. Founded in June 1981 Traverse has 23000 subscribers throughout the country and sells 8000 copies on newsstands throughout the Midwest.
 My Dog Is Lost is a 1960 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.
 BuyandSell.ie is a fully Irish owned classified ads website and magazine.
 Slowpoke is a weekly comic strip by Jen Sorensen that appears in alternative weeklies and other publications in the United States.Slowpoke began in 1998 as a 24-page book Slowpoke Comix #1. Later that year it became a weekly strip in which format it has won five awards from the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies. There have been three published collections of the weekly strips. Individual Slowpoke strips have been included in several anthologies.
 Spike Mike Slackers & Dykes: A Guided Tour Across a Decade of American Independent Cinema (1996) is a non-fiction book about independent cinema by John Pierson.
 The Purity Myth is a 2009 book by Jessica Valenti. It was first released onto hardback on March 24 2009 through Seal Press. The book contains research by Valenti that she asserts that there is a prevalent false notion promoted within the United States that a woman's worth is dictated by whether or not she is sexually active implying that the loss of virginity can affect her negatively.A DVD tie-in titled The Purity Myth: The Virginity Movement's War Against Women was released in 2011.
 The Journal is a daily newspaper produced in Newcastle upon Tyne.
 Tamar is a young-adult novel by Mal Peet published by Walker Books in 2005. Within a 1995 frame story where a 15-year-old girl inherits papers and other mementos from her deceased grandfather it is set in the occupied Netherlands near the end of the Second World War; there it features two British-trained Dutch agents and the resistance to German occupation of the Netherlands.
 Afghan Scene is Kabul's first glossy English magazine launched by MOBY Group in 2004. It is an eclectic mix of commentary gossip people profiles and reviews covering the diverse life of Afghanistan's growing expatriate and returnee community.
 This article is about the British novel by Nevil Shute. For the 2009 album see Lonely Road (The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus album)Lonely Road is a novel by British author Nevil Shute. It was first published in 1932 by William Heinemann and in the US by William Morrow. In 1936 it was adapted as a film The Lonely Road released in the US the same year as Scotland Yard Commands starring Clive Brook and Victoria Hopper.
 Roanoke Review is an American literary journal based at Roanoke College in Salem Virginia. It was founded in 1967 by Henry Taylor and Edward A. Tedeschi. Among the journal's original contributors were Malcolm Cowley Lee Smith and R.H.W. Dillard. Robert Walker is the current editor. Among the review's recent contributors are Ernest Kroll June Spence Charles Wright and Jacob M. Appel.
 Hate is a comic book by writer-artist Peter Bagge. First published by Fantagraphics in 1990 it ran for 30 issues and was one of the best-selling alternative comics of the 1990s at its height selling 30000 copies an issue.
 The Sofia Echo is Bulgaria's national English-language newspaper published out of Sofia the capital of Bulgaria. The newspaper is published by Sofia Echo Media Ltd. A majority stake in the company was bought in 2007 by Bulgarian publisher Economedia.The Sofia Echo is the leading English-language newspaper in Bulgaria and has been published since April 1997 generally targeted at the Bulgarian expatriate community.
 Les Illusions de la Psychanalyse is a 1980 book about psychoanalysis by Jacques Van Rillaer a Belgian psychoanalyst.
 How The Hangman Lost His Heart is a fictitious tale which is set in mid-17th century after the Second Jacobite Rebellion and is written by K M Grant published in 2007.
 Queen Ann in Oz is a 1993 children's novel written by Karyl Carlson and Eric Gjovaag and illustrated by William Campbell and Irwin Terry. As its title incidates the book is an entry in the large and growing literature on the Land of Oz begun by L. Frank Baum and continued by many successors.Queen Ann in Oz is a sequel to Baum's 1914 novel Tik-Tok of Oz and derives characters and plot elements from that book. The sequel occurs several years after the original story.
 Time and Chance is a historical novel written by Sharon Kay Penman published in 2002 and is the second volume in the Plantagenet trilogy proceeded by When Christ and His Saints Slept and followed by Devil's Brood.
 Boxy an Star is the first novel by English author Daren King. It was shortlisted for the 1999 Guardian First Book Award and longlisted for the Booker Prize. The book is notable for its unusual futuristic vernacular style reminiscent of works such as A Clockwork Orange or The Book of Dave.
 Madaling Araw (Dawn) is a 1909 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed. Regalado. The 368-page novel was published in Manila Philippines by the Aklatang J. Martinez (J. Martinez Library) during the American period in Philippine history (1989-1946). Madaling Araw won for Regalado a Panitikan Series (Literature Series) Philippine National Book Award. The novel is both a romance novel and a political novel.
 The Seventh Scroll is a novel by author Wilbur Smith first published in 1995. It is part of the 'Egyptian' series of novels by Smith and follows the exploits of the adventurer Nicholas Quenton-Harper and Dr. Royan Al Simma. The tomb of Tanus which is the focus of the book refers to another novel by the author River God.The novel was adapted into a mini series in 1999.
 Little Boy Blue is a 1981 semi-autobiographical novel by Edward Bunker that follows his journey into crime and deviance.
 A Colossal Failure of Common Sense: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Lehman Brothers is a 2009 non-fiction book written by Lawrence G. McDonald and Patrick Robinson which chronicles the events surrounding the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in the context of the financial crisis of 2007–2010 and the subprime mortgage crisis.
 The Intuitionist is a 1999 novel by Colson Whitehead. It falls broadly into speculative fiction.The Intuitionist takes place in a city (implicitly New York) full of skyscrapers and other buildings requiring vertical transportation in the form of elevators. The time never identified explicitly is one when black people are called colored and integration is a current topic. The protagonist is Lila Mae Watson an elevator inspector of the Intuitionist school.
 The South Australian Football Budget is the matchday programme of the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
 Talley's Folly is a 1979 play by American playwright Lanford Wilson the second in his cycle The Talley Trilogy between his plays Talley & Son and Fifth of July. Set in an old boathouse near rural Lebanon Missouri in 1944 it is a romantic comedy following the characters Matt Friedman and Sally Talley as they once and for all settle their feelings for each other. Wilson received the 1980 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the work.
 The Trial of Martin Ross is a novel by the American writer Alfred Kern.It is set in the late 1960s over Thanksgiving weekend in Buchanan Pennsylvania (a fictionalized Meadville north of Pittsburgh). Martin Ross and his wife Janet celebrate the holiday alone and for the first time without their three children now grown. As a storm dumps a heavy snow Ross a liberal lawyer in a conservative town reads the proofs of his son’s first novel set in a fictionalized Buchanan.
 The Pill Versus the Springhill Mine Disaster is Richard Brautigan's seventh poetry publication. A limited signed hard cover edition of fifty copies was issued simultaneously with the soft cover version of the first edition.The collection of ninety-eight poems includes thirty-eight that were previously uncollected. The rest were gathered from five of Brautigan's previous poetry publications.
 Extinct Birds (complete title: Extinct birds. An attempt to unite in one volume a short account of those Birds which have become extinct in historical times—that is within the last six or seven hundred years.
 Northern Virginia Magazine is a monthly periodical which is available in the Washington DC metropolitan area. The magazine published its first issue in 2006. It focuses on dining shopping travel and entertainment in the Northern Virginia area and frequently produces best of lists including the yearly best of Northern Virginia list.
 20th Century Ghosts is American author Joe Hill's first published book-length work. An anthology of short stories it was first published in October 2005 in the United Kingdom and released in October 2007 in the United States.
 Toyota Kata is a management book by Mike Rother. The book explains the Improvement Kata which is a means for making creative work teachable.
 The Book of Illusions is a novel by American writer Paul Auster published in 2002. It was nominated for the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award in 2004.
 Betsey Brown is an African-American literature young-adult fiction novel by Ntozake Shange published in 1985.
 Ready Player One is a science fiction novel by Ernest Cline. The book was published by Random House on August 16 2011. The audiobook is narrated by Wil Wheaton. In 2012 the book received an Alex Award from the Young Adult Library Services Association division of the American Library Association and won the 2012 Prometheus Award.
 Moviespot is a movie magazine that is totally supported by the community nonprofit project. It can be downloading in PDF Format. The magazine was founded on Internet in 2004; the project was stopped by 2005 and back in May 2006 again to publish other issues with much better design.
 The Pleasures of Japanese Literature is a short nonfiction work by Donald Keene which deals with Japanese aesthetics and literature; it is intended to be less academic and encyclopedic than his other works dealing with Japanese literature such as Seeds in the Heart but better as an introduction for students and laymen.
 Clinical Cosmetic and Investigational Dermatology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in dermatology. The journal was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Indian Muslims: Who Are They is a book by K. S. Lal published in 1990.The book studies the growth of the Muslim population during the time of Mahmud of Ghazni during the Delhi Sultanate and during the Mughal Empire.
 Mr. Munchausen is a novel by John Kendrick Bangs written in the style that has become known as Bangsian fantasy. It is the fourth book of Bangs' Associated Shades series.
 Tokyo Boys & Girls (東京少年少女 Tōkyō Shōnen Shōjo) is a Shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Miki Aihara. This story revolves around the main character Mimori Kosaka. The first tankōbon volume of Tokyo Boys & Girls was first released by Shogakukan in Japan on March 1995. The manga was also translated into English and published by Viz Media. In total 5 tankōbon volumes of this manga series was published.
 Samurai Widow (1990 Carroll & Graf) is a memoir by Judith Jacklin Belushi the wife of comedian John Belushi. Judith wrote Samurai Widow in response to the negative portrayal of John in the 1984 Bob Woodward book Wired: The Short Life and Fast Times of John Belushi and its subsequent film adaptation in 1989.The book is a loose telling of Judith's life with John her grief after his death and her struggle to move on in life.
 The Trouble With Physics is a 2006 book by the theoretical physicist Lee Smolin about the problems with string theory. Subtitled The Rise of String Theory the Fall of a Science and What Comes Next the book strongly criticizes string theory and its prominence in contemporary theoretical physics on the grounds that string theory has yet to come up with a single prediction that can be verified using any technology that is likely to be feasible within our lifetimes.
 Le Point (French pronunciation: ​[ləˈpwɛ̃]) is a French weekly news magazine. It was founded in 1972 by a group of journalists who had one year earlier left the editorial team of L'Express which was then owned by Jean-Jacques Servan-Schreiber a député (member of parliament) of the Parti Radical.
 The Pagan Religions of the Ancient British Isles: Their Nature and Legacy is a book of religious history and archaeology written by the English historian Ronald Hutton first published by Blackwell in 1991. It was the first published synthesis of the entirety of pre-Christian religion in the British Isles dealing with the subject during the Palaeolithic Neolithic Bronze Age Iron Age Roman occupation and Anglo-Saxon period.
 Dublin: Foundation (2004) (also known in North America as The Princes of Ireland: The Dublin Saga or sometimes simply Dublin) is a novel by Edward Rutherfurd first published in 2004 by Century Hutchinson and then by Seal Books and Doubleday Canada. It is a work of historical fiction and centers on a number of families and their descendants in and around the area of Ireland that is now Dublin.
 Win Shares is a book (ISBN 1-931584-03-6) about baseball written by Bill James and Jim Henzler published by STATS Inc. in 2002.As ESPN's Jim Baker put it we've been talking about Win Shares the baseball metric Bill James introduced in .... a book titled oddly enough Win Shares. It explains the concepts of win shares a baseball statistic.
 The Journal of Maternal-Fetal and Neonatal Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers obstetric medical genetic mental health and surgical complications of pregnancy and their effects on the mother fetus and neonate. Research on audit evaluation and clinical care in maternal-fetal and perinatal medicine is also featured.
 Steaming is a 1981 play written by English playwright Nell Dunn first staged at Theatre Royal Stratford in London. It won the 1981 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Comedy (at the time known as the Society of West End Theatre Award for Best New Comedy).During 2010 Jally Entertainment toured Australia with the play starring Val Lehman (Prisoner) and Alli Pope.
 The Children of the Company is a science fiction novel by Kage Baker. It is another in the series concerned with the exploits of The Company a 24th-century cabal which exploits history for profit with the aid of immortal cyborgs living in the past.Although presented as a novel it consists mostly of pieces previously published as short fiction.
 Informaţia Zilei (Daily Info) is a Romanian daily newspaper issued by the Solpress company and focused mainly on politics public affairs sports and economy. The first edition was printed in 1993.
 Faith and Health: Psychological Perspectives is a book of scientific psychology on the relationship between religious faith and health. Edited by Thomas G. Plante and Allen C.
 The Journal of Documentation is a double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal covering theories concepts models frameworks and philosophies in information science. The journal publishes scholarly articles research reports and critical reviews.The scope of the Journal of Documentation is broadly information sciences encompassing all of the academic and professional disciplines which deal with recorded information.
 Farside Cannon is a science fiction novel by Roger McBride Allen also the author of The Ring of Charon and The Shattered Sphere.
 The Tree is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft written in 1920 and first published in October 1921.
 Mount Pleasant Daily Tribune is a daily newspaper based in Mount Pleasant Texas USA. The paper has been a daily publication since November 1969.
 Wigger is a 1974 novel written by William Goldman about a young girl who loses her blanket.Wigger was named for a blanket that belonged to Goldman's daughter Susanna. Goldman later said the novel was one of his favourites and writing it was a wonderful experience... compared to what it's like ordinarily.
 Heart is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all areas of cardiovascular medicine and surgery. It is the official journal of the British Cardiovascular Society. It was established in 1939 as the British Heart Journal and is published by the BMJ Group.Topics covered include coronary disease electrophysiology valve disease imaging techniques congenital heart disease (fetal paediatric and adult) heart failure surgery and basic science.
 Obsidian Butterfly is the ninth in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Sun Storm (Solstorm) published in the UK as The Savage Altar is the first novel by Swedish crime-writer Åsa Larsson. The novel is the first in the Rebecka Martinsson series. It won Sweden's Best First Crime Novel award and on publication in the UK was shortlisted for the Duncan Lawrie International Dagger awarded by the CWA for crime novels in translation. The novel is translated into English by Marlaine Delargy.
 Mythago Wood is a fantasy novel written by Robert Holdstock that was published in the United Kingdom in 1984. The conception began as a short story written for the 1979 Milford Writer's Workshop; next a novella of the same name appeared in the September 1981 edition of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction.
 Garfield at Large: His First Book is the first compilation book of Garfield comic strips. The book was originally published by Ballantine Books in the United States in 1980 and the strips date from June 19 1978 to January 22 1979. This book introduced the Garfield Format to the comic book market. Prior to its publication comic strip compilations were originally formatted like a standard paperback book with the panels running down the page.
 Antiquitas Lost: The Last of the Shamalansis the debut novel of American cardiologist Robert Louis Smith. It is a fantasy novel that chronicles the adventures of an American teenage boy after he stumbles through a magical doorway in his grandfather's basement and into a war-torn fantasy world called Pangrelor.
 The Book of Jonas is a 2012 debut literary novel by American writer Stephen Dau. The book was published in English on March 15 2012 by Blue Rider Press and in French as Le Livre de Jonas by Éditions Gallimard. The book takes its name from the Book of Jonah of the Hebrew Bible and features themes of war and its effect on others.
 Flim-Flam! Psychics ESP Unicorns and Other Delusions is a 1982 book by magician and skeptic James Randi about paranormal occult and pseudoscience claims. The foreword is by science fiction author Isaac Asimov.Randi explores topics which he says that scientists and the media are too willing to promote without skepticism and proper expertise.
 Fjuken is a local newspaper published in Skjåk Norway. It is a local newspaper for Skjåk Lom and Vågå.It had the 2006 circulation of 4109 of whom 3895 were subscribers.Fjuken is published by the company Skjåk Mediautvikling AS which in turn has the following owners:Lom og Skjåk Sparebank 21.5%Fjordingen AS 21.3%Sunnmørsposten AS 18.7%other 38.5%↑
 Memoirs of a Geisha is a historical novel by American author Arthur Golden published in 1997. The novel told in first person perspective tells the fictional story of a geisha working in Kyoto Japan before and after World War II.In 2005 a film version was released.
 For the film based on the novel see As Cool As I Am (film)As Cool As I Am is a 2003 coming of age novel by American author Pete Fromm.
 Blade of Tyshalle is a science-fiction/philosophical novel by Matthew Stover and sequel to Heroes Die set seven years after the events of its predecessor. It is the second book in the ongoing Acts of Caine novel cycle. Like Heroes Die it focuses on Hari Michaelson and his struggles on Earth and Overworld.
 The Probation Journal: The Journal of Community and Criminal Justice is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering criminal justice and probation that was established in 1929. It is published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Association of Probation Officers (United Kingdom).
 The Bridge of San Luis Rey is American author Thornton Wilder's second novel first published in 1927 to worldwide acclaim. It tells the story of several interrelated people who die in the collapse of an Inca rope bridge in Peru and the events that lead up to their being on the bridge. A friar who has witnessed the tragic accident then goes about inquiring into the lives of the victims seeking some sort of cosmic answer to the question of why each had to die.
 The Lost Weekend is Charles R. Jackson's first novel published by Farrar & Rinehart in 1944. It served as the basis for a film adaptation by the same name in 1945.
 Wycliffe and the Winsor Blue (1987) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
 Forth magazine forth is an English language Irish Internet magazine focusing on Irish politics culture and society. It was founded in October 2009 and claimed almost 40000 readers as of 31 October 2009.
 The Female American; or The Adventures of Unca Eliza Winkfield is a novel originally published in 1767 under the pseudonym of the main character/narrator Unca Eliza Winkfield and edited in recent editions by Michelle Burnham. The novel describes the adventures of a half-Native American half-English woman who is shipwrecked on an island.
 Labor Day is a coming-of-age novel published in 2009 by American author Joyce Maynard.
 The Highwayman is a 2004 novel by R.A. Salvatore set in his world of Corona as made famous in his DemonWars Saga. The Highwayman tells the story of a young crippled boy named Bransen Garibond. The orphaned son of the Jhesta Tu mystic Sen Wi and the Abellican priest Brother Dynard he eventually is able to move normally by learning to center his body to become the hero known as the Highwayman.
 Kingdoms of Elfin is a short story collection by Sylvia Townsend Warner published in 1977 a year before her death. The stories are an interconnected series of satirical fantasy stories detailing the manners of the fairy courts of Europe. It was Warner's last published work.The stories range across various traditional lands of Europe and beyond including Brocéliande in Brittany Elfhame in Scotland Mynydd Prescelly in Wales the Forest of Arden and Bury St.
 Dorothy Must Die is a 2014 young adult book by Danielle Paige and her debut novel. The book which was produced through Full Fathom Five was released on April 1 2014 through HarperCollins and was preceded by the novella No Place Like Oz. Dorothy Must Die is the first book in the Dorothy Must Die series and The CW is currently in negotiations to produce a television series based upon the series.
 Triple Feature is a collection of works by American author Joe R. Lansdale published in a very limited edition by Subterranean Press in 1999.It contains:For Just One HourThe Headstone (written with Bill Pronzini and Jeffrey Wallman)The Original LengueeniesThe Headstone has not been included in any other collection. The other two stories were included in For a Few Stories More.
 Bartholomew and the Bug is a children's picture book by Neal Layton published in 2004. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Bronze Award.
 Mad about Physics: Brainteasers Paradoxes and Curiosities by Christopher Jargodzki and Franklin Potter (2001 published by John Wiley and Sons) is a book containing 397 puzzles and their solutions. The book covers information on mechanics electricity magnetism and optics as well as the physics of sports space exploration and astronomy. Mad about Physics has been translated into seven languages including German Greek Japanese and Chinese.
 Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a 2012 memoir by American author Cheryl Strayed describing her 1100-mile hike on the Pacific Crest Trail in a journey of self-discovery. The book reached No. 1 on the New York Times Best Seller list and was the first selection for Oprah's Book Club 2.0.
 Tales of Known Space: The Universe of Larry Niven is a science fiction collection by Larry Niven collecting thirteen short stories published between 1964 and 1975 (all in Niven's Known Space future history) along with several essays by Niven and a chronology.
 The News-Register is a newspaper published in McMinnville Oregon United States. It is a semi-weekly community newspaper serving McMinnville and the surrounding Yamhill Valley. The News-Register Publishing Co. and parent holding company Oregon Lithoprint Inc. are a closely held corporation owned by members of the Bladine family of McMinnville.
 Climate Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Inter-Research Science Center that was established in 1990. Its founder was Otto Kinne. Three volumes each typically containing half a dozen articles are published each year. Each of its 12 editors therefore handles an average of less than 2 articles a year. Climate Research covers all aspects of the interactions of climate with organisms ecosystems and human societies.
 Domains of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 810) in March 1990.
 The Post is a student-run newspaper in Athens Ohio that covers Ohio University and Athens County. It publishes five days a week while the university is in session and distributes 14000 copies. Though it operates from a university building the paper remains editorially independent. It is located in the Baker University Center on campus.
 Akatsuki-iro no Senpuku Majo (暁色の潜伏魔女) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Mera Hakamada who has also written The Last Uniform. The manga was serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Comic High! between August 22 2006 and April 22 2008 and is published by Futabasha. The manga has been licensed by Los Angeles-based company Seven Seas Entertainment for distribution in the English language but the company no longer has the license.
 Sociology of Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Sociology. The journal's editor is David B. Bills (University of Iowa). It has been in publication since 2004 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with American Sociological Association.
 Letters of Ayn Rand is a book derived from the letters of novelist and philosopher Ayn Rand and published in 1995 13 years after her death. It was edited by Michael Berliner with the approval of Rand's estate.
 The Captive Temple by Jude Watson is the seventh in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 Sociological Methods & Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of sociology. The journal's editor-in-chief is Christopher Winship (Harvard University). It was established in 1972 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Journal of Cosmetic & Laser Therapy is a journal that focuses on the application of cosmetic laser and light therapies on the skin. The Journal of Cosmetic & Laser Therapy provides a forum for studies demonstrating the wide range of therapeutic options for clinicians and surgeons involved in cosmetic and dermatological treatment.
 Shadows of Dreams is a collection of poems by Robert E. Howard. It was published in 1989 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 850 copies. Most of the poems are original to this collection. Others originally appeared in the magazines The Poets' Scroll Fantasy Book Witchcraft & Sorcery and The Howard Collector.
 The Palace of Heavenly Pleasure is a 2003 novel by Adam Williams. The book was first published on November 25 2004 through Thomas Dunne Books. The book is set during 1899 in China and is told through the viewpoint of multiple protagonists.
 A Bride of the Plains is a historical novel written in 1915 by Baroness Orczy the author of the famous Scarlet Pimpernell series. It is dedicated to the memory of Lajos Kossuth and in the dedication the author cries out to the dead Hungarian patriot and asks him:What would YOU have said now had vou lived to see your country tied to Austria’s chariot-wheels the catspaw and tool of the Teutonic race which you abhorred?
 Workers (Chinese: 工人; pinyin: gongren) is a book of 143 portraits of migrant workers who participated in the construction of the Olympic Green in Beijing China in the lead up to the 2008 Summer Olympics. The book is the work of British artist Helen Couchman and consists primarily of photographs of the workers on the building site.
 The Blunderer (1954) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.The Blunderer was Highsmith's third book written in between Strangers on a Train and The Talented Mr Ripley.
 Late Show Fun Facts is a book that was published in 2008 by Hyperion Books. It was written by David Letterman and the Late Show writers. The book is full of fun facts which are not necessarily true. The book is based on a comedy sketch of the same name.
 Treasure Island is an adventure novel by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson narrating a tale of buccaneers and buried gold.
 The Riddle of the Wren is a Celtic fantasy novel written by Canadian author Charles de Lint. Published in 1984 by Ace Books it was de Lint's first novel. It was republished in 2002 by Firebird Fantasy an imprint of Penguin Group. The Riddle of the Wren is set in an alternate universe and is heavily influenced by the works of J. R. R. Tolkien particularly The Hobbit.
 The European Physical Journal H: Historical Perspectives on Contemporary Physics (EPJ H) is a peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on the history of modern physics. It is the newest journal from the European Physical Journal series having published its first edition in July 2010 (numbering starts at volume 35).
 Moonlight on the Avenue of Faith is the second novel from Gina B. Nahai and follows the story of Lili and her mother's mysterious disappearance. The book was published in 2000 by Washington Square Press in the United States and became a Los Angeles Times bestseller.
 Murgunstrumm and Others is a collection of horror short stories by author Hugh B. Cave. It was released in 1977 by Carcosa in an edition of 2578 copies of which the 597 copies that were pre-ordered were signed by the author and artist.
 Ciência e Cultura is a science magazine published by the Brazilian Society for the Advancement of Science (Sociedade Brasileira para o Progresso da Ciência SBPC).
 The Waterworks is a novel by E. L. Doctorow written in 1994.
 The Golden Calf (Russian: Золотой телёнок Zolotoy telyonok) is a famous satirical novel by Soviet authors Ilf and Petrov released in 1931. Its main character Ostap Bender also appeared in a previous novel by the authors called The Twelve Chairs.
 Hype is a hip hop magazine in South Africa.
 Red Raven Comics was a title of Timely Comics (the predecessor of Marvel Comics). Only a single issue was published cover-dated August 1940. It was replaced by the title The Human Torch which began with issue #2 (Fall 1940) continuing the numbering inherited from Red Raven Comics.
 The Daily Barometer is an independent campus newspaper of Oregon State University in Corvallis Oregon. It is published five days a week during the fall winter and spring quarters and weekly during the summer.
 The Loveland Report-Herald is a daily newspaper published in Loveland Colorado. It carries local regional national and World news. It is owned by Prairie Mountain Publishing a subsidiary of MediaNews Group who purchased the paper in 2011.
 A Christian Turn'd Turk (1612) is a play by the English dramatist Robert Daborne. It concerns the conversion of the pirate John Ward to Islam.
 It's Just a Plant is a children's book written illustrated and published by Ricardo Cortés. It is designed for parents who want to educate their children about marijuana. The book's pro-marijuana legalization message has drawn widespread attention from critics and the media since its publication in January 2005.
 The Short-Wave Mystery is Volume 24 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1945. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1966 by David Grambs resulting in two different stories with the same title.
 The 1974 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the third volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1974 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Jack Gaughan was replaced by a new cover painting by Victor Valla.
 Pollyanna Grows Up is a 1915 children's novel by Eleanor H. Porter. It is the first of many sequels to Porter's best-selling Pollyanna (1913) but is the only one written by Porter herself; the numerous later additions to the Pollyanna franchise were the work of other authors.
 God: The Failed Hypothesis is a 2007 New York Times bestseller by scientist Victor J.
 The Northwestern University Law Review is a scholarly legal publication and student organization at Northwestern University School of Law. The Law Review's primary purpose is to publish a journal of broad legal scholarship. The Law Review publishes four issues each year. Student editors make the editorial and organizational decisions and select articles submitted by professors judges and practitioners as well as student pieces.
 Italia Oggi is an Italian political financial legal and fiscal daily newspaper owned by the financial publishing company Class Editori.
 Temple Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Temp. L. Rev.) is a student-edited law review sponsored by the Temple University Beasley School of Law.
 Growing Up Absurd: Problems of Youth in the Organized Society is a 1960 book by Paul Goodman.
 Dilbert and the Way of the Weasel is a satirical Dilbert book written by Scott Adams. It was originally published in 2002.
 At the Villa Rose is a 1910 detective novel by British writer A.E.W. Mason featuring his character Inspector Hanaud.
 Buried Child is a play by Sam Shepard first presented in 1978. It won the 1979 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and launched Shepard to national fame as a playwright. Buried Child is a piece of theater which depicts the fragmentation of the American nuclear family in a context of disappointment and disillusionment with American mythology and the American dream the 1970s rural economic slowdown and the breakdown of traditional family structures and values.
 The children of Niobe is a novel written by Tasos Athanasiadis. In this novel Athanasiadis describes the way Greeks lived in Anatolia by the example of the small community of Salihli. Probably the title is inspired by the myth of Niobe. In 2003 the novel was serialized on Greek television.
 Not to be confused with Jewish QuarterlyThe Jewish Quarterly Review is an peer-reviewed academic journal that focuses on Jewish studies. It is published quarterly for the Herbert D. Katz Center for Advanced Judaic Studies at the University of Pennsylvania by the University of Pennsylvania Press. The current editors are Elliott Horowitz and David N. Myers a professor of Jewish studies at UCLA.
 My Losing Season is a memoir by Pat Conroy. It primarily deals with his senior season as the starting point guard on the basketball team of The Citadel in 1966–67. Conroy describes his tumultuous relationship with his coach Mel Thompson as well as the harsh malevolent male-dominated society of The Citadel. Pat Conroy tells the story using flashbacks going back to his rough childhood where he remembers growing up with a tough father.
 CivilWarLand in Bad Decline is short story writer George Saunders’s first full length short story collection published in 1996; it is 192 pages long. The collection has many stories that appeared in different forms in Kenyon Review Harper's The New Yorker and Quarterly West. The collection was a New York Times Notable Book for 1996 as well as a finalist for the 1996 PEN/Hemingway Award.
 The Civic Culture or The Civic Culture: Political Attitudes and Democracy in Five Nations is a 1963 non-fiction political science book by Gabriel Almond and Sidney Verba. The book is credited with popularizing the political culture sub-field and is considered to be the first systematic study in this field.
 Oedipus is a play by the 5th-century BCE Athenian dramatist Euripides. The play is now lost except for some fragments. The plot of the play covers similar ground as Sophocles' famous Oedipus the King but from the fragments we know that there were some significant and perhaps surprising differences.
 The Crow Road is a novel by the Scottish writer Iain Banks published in 1992.
 Developmental Neurorehabilitiation is a peer-reviewed medical journal which covers research into recovery and rehabilitation in children with brain injury and neurological disorders. The editor-in-chief of Developmental Neurorehabilitation is Jeffrey Sigafoos (Victoria University of Wellington).
 The Two of Them is a feminist science fiction novel by Joanna Russ. It was first published in 1978 in the United States by Berkley Books and in Great Britain by The Women's Press in 1986. It was last reissued in 2005 by the Wesleyan University Press with a foreword by Sarah LeFanu.
 Eastern Courier Messenger is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide part of the Messenger Newspapers group. The Eastern Courier's area is bounded by South Road to the west Magill Road to the north the foothills and the city.The newspaper generally reports on events of interest in its distribution area including the suburbs of Norwood Burnside Wayville and Unley.
 Three Doors to Death is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1950 — itself collected in the omnibus volume Five of a Kind (Viking 1961). The book comprises three stories that first appeared in The American Magazine: Man Alive (December 1947) Omit Flowers (November 1948) Door to Death (June 1949)
 Yagami-kun's Family Affairs (八神くんの家庭の事情 Yagami-kun no Katei no Jijō) is a manga series by Kei Kusunoki which was originally serialized in Japan in Young Sunday from March 1986 to May 1990. The manga was later adapted into a three episode OVA series in 1990 and an eleven episode television drama.
 Mystery of the Samurai Sword is the 60th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon. Grosset & Dunalp printed the book in 2005.
 Miami and the Siege of Chicago: An Informal History of the Republican and Democratic Conventions of 1968 is a non-fiction novel written by Norman Mailer which covers the Republican and Democratic national party political conventions of 1968 and the anti-Vietnam war protests surrounding them.
 Thomas Mann's 1939 novel Lotte in Weimar: The Beloved Returns or otherwise known by Lotte in Weimar or The Beloved Returns is a story written in the shadow of Goethe; Thomas Mann developed the narrative almost as a response to Goethe's novel The Sorrows of Young Werther although Goethe's work is more than 150 years older than Lotte in Weimar. Lotte in Weimar was first published in English in 1940.
 Missing Kissinger is a second book by Etgar Keret.
 The Counseling Psychologist is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Nadya A. Fouad (University of Wisconsin). It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Division 17 of Counselling Psychologist Association.
 Shooting Gazette is a monthly field sports magazine published by IPC Media. Shooting Gazette covers all aspects of driven shooting both in the UK and abroad. It includes advice on gamekeeping regular interviews with leading figures in the shooting industry and reviews of new shotguns shooting clothing and equipment. A gundog section offers advice on training and breeding as well as reporting on gundog trials around the country.
 The River Niger is a play by American playwright Joseph A. Walker first performed by New York City's Negro Ensemble Company off-Broadway in 1972. The production made its Broadway debut with a transfer to the Brooks Atkinson Theatre on 27 March 1973 for a run of 162 performances.
 Metro is a free Dutch newspaper distributed daily since 1999 mostly to commuters in high-traffic areas. Formerly owned by Metro International in August 2012 the paper was taken over by the Telegraaf Media Group (TGM) which also owns the only other free Dutch newspaper Spits.
 Africa Mining Intelligence is a specialist publication for the mining industry in Africa. It has been published fortnightly by Paris-based news group Indigo Publications since 2000.Africa Mining Intelligence covers the mining business reporting on deals in the sector the business strategies of the key players and on the policies of governments and state-owned mining companies.
 For an alternate meaning of timequake see Millennium (film).Timequake is a semi-autobiographical work by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. published in 1997. Vonnegut described the novel as a stew in which he alternates between summarizing a novel he had been struggling with for a number of years and waxing nostalgic about various events in his life.
 This report (The Nader Report) is the result of a student task force exploration of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) completed over the course of a summer job led by Ralph Nader. The seven law student volunteers (dubbed Nader's Raiders by the Washington press corps) began their evaluation of the FTC in June 1968 and published a revised and expanded version of the report as a book in January 1969.
 Black Thorn White Rose is the second book in a series of collections of re-told fairy tales edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling.
 Political Man: The Social Bases of Politics is an award winning political science book by Seymour Martin Lipset.The book is an influential analysis of the bases of democracy across the world.
 Gamaran (我間乱 Romanized as GAMARAN in Japan) is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Nakamaru Yousuke. Gamaran chronicles the adventures of Kurogane Gama as he competes in the Grand Tournament of Unabara. Facing many opponents with powerful weapons and techniques Gama must use all his skills in his quest to become the greatest swordsman in the land.
 The Moses Expedition is a 2010 bestselling thriller novel by Juan Gómez-Jurado originally published in Spain. The book topped the bestselling list in Europe and some of the American lists such as Amazon´s having sold 1.5 million copies to date. It also won awards such as the Best Popular Culture Novel and Best Adventure Novel in the 2011 International Latino Book Awards held in New York City.
 The New York University Journal of International Law and Politics (Bluebook abbreviation: N.Y.U. J. Int'L L. & Pol.) is a student-edited international law review at New York University School of Law. The journal publishes articles essays notes and commentary that cover a wide range of topics in international and comparative law.
 X-Infernus is a four-issue comic book mini-series that started December 2008. Written by C. B. Cebulski with art by Giuseppe Camuncoli it was a sequel to Inferno. It sees the return of the character Magik searching Limbo for her soul.
 For the fantasy roleplaying adventure game see City of SkullsThe City of Skulls is a short story written by Lin Carter and L. Sprague de Camp starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian created by Robert E. Howard.
 Sarah is a novel by Laura Albert written under the name JT LeRoy a persona that she has described as an avatar asserting that it enabled her to write things she could not have said as herself.
 Mister Roberts is a 1948 play based on the 1946 Thomas Heggen novel of the same name.The novel began as a collection of short stories about Heggen's experiences aboard the USS Virgo (AKA-20) in the South Pacific during World War II.
 The War for Late Night: When Leno Went Early and Television Went Crazy is a 2010 non-fiction book written by The New York Times media reporter Bill Carter. It chronicles the 2010 conflict surrounding the American late-night talk show The Tonight Show involving Conan O'Brien and Jay Leno.
 Superman: Secret Identity is a four-issue mini-series of 48 pages each in prestige format written by Kurt Busiek and illustrated by Stuart Immonen. It was first published monthly starting January 2004. The title was not released under the Elseworlds banner but is regarded as a non-canonical story.
 Walkabout is a novel written by James Vance Marshall first published in 1959 as The Children. It is about two children who get lost in the Australian Outback and are helped by an Aborigine on his walkabout. A film based on the book came out in 1971 but deviated from the original plot.
 Shadow and Act is a collection of essays by Ralph Ellison published in 1964.
 Manna from Heaven is a book that contains a collection of short stories that were written by fantasy and science fiction author Roger Zelazny. It was published in 2003 by Zelazny's estate eight years after Zelazny's death.
 The Herald Mexico was a daily English language newspaper published in Mexico City Mexico from 2004 to 2007. It was an international joint venture between The Miami Herald of Miami Florida United States and El Universal a widely circulated Spanish language newspaper also published in Mexico City.
 Confessions of an English Opium-Eater (1821) is an autobiographical account written by Thomas De Quincey about his laudanum (opium and alcohol) addiction and its effect on his life. The Confessions was the first major work De Quincey published and the one which won him fame almost overnight...First published anonymously in September and October 1821 in the London Magazine the Confessions was released in book form in 1822 and again in 1856 in an edition revised by De Quincey.
 The Journal of Topology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on the subject of topology. It was established in 2008 when the editorial board of Topology resigned to start the Journal of Topology. The journal is published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the London Mathematical Society.It appears quarterly with articles published individually on line prior to appearing in a printed issue.
 The Other Side of the Mirror and Other Darkover Stories is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 698) in February 1987.
 The Moscow-Pullman Daily News is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Moscow Idaho and Pullman Washington metropolitan area. The two cities on the Palouse are the homes of the two states' land grant universities the University of Idaho and Washington State University.The newspaper has been published continuously in Moscow since September 28 1911. It began as the Daily Star-Mirror which started as the Moscow Mirror in 1882 and the North Idaho Star in 1887 with a merger in 1905.
 Escape Me Never is a play written by Margaret Kennedy based upon her 1930s novel The Fool of the Family. Set in pre World War I Europe it tells the story of two brothers (Caryl and Sebastian Durbok) who are composers share a flat and are both in love with two women—an heiress and a young innocent.The original West End run of the play at the Apollo Theatre starred Elisabeth Bergner for whom the play was written.
 Travel Weekly (1958) is a United States national newspaper for the travel industry geared toward travel agents. The company prints 51 regular issues per year in print and digital formats and one Preview issue which features opinion and predictions for the year ahead.
 Sayonara Midori-chan (さよならみどりちゃん) is a Japanese manga by Kyūta Minami. It was adapted into a live-action film in 2005.
 Fire Time is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson first published in 1974. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1975.
 The Road to Omaha is a novel by Robert Ludlum published in 1992. It is a sequel to his earlier book The Road to Gandolfo. Both are comedic thrillers concerning Army lawyer Sam Devereaux who gets caught up in the schemes of General MacKenzie The Hawk Hawkins.
 SuperYacht Business is a yachting magazine published by IPC Media six times a year. It is edited by Juliet Benning.
 The Luminaries is the second novel by Eleanor Catton published by Victoria University Press in August 2013 and Granta on 5 September 2013. On 15 October it was announced as the winner of the 2013 Man Booker Prize. It is the longest book (at 832 pages) and she the youngest author (at age 28) ever to win the award.The book was described as a dazzling feat of a novel by The Observer.
 The Final Deduction is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1961 and collected in the omnibus volume Three Aces (Viking 1971).
 Catch that Rabbit is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov that was first published in the February 1944 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the collections I Robot (1950) and The Complete Robot (1982).
 Hiša na meji is a novel by Slovenian author Lucijan Vuga. It was first published in 2003.
 Gotham City Sirens is an American comic book series written by Paul Dini with art by Guillem March and published by DC Comics. The series features some of the most popular female characters that inhabit Gotham City including Catwoman Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn. The first issue was released in June 2009 as a part of the Batman: Reborn relaunch in all of DC's Batman titles.
 The Adventures of Tongpoo (トンプー大冒険) is a one-shot manga written by Akira Toriyama. It appeared in Weekly Shonen Jump #52 in 1983 and was later released in the compilation Tankōbon Akira Toriyama's Manga Theater Vol. 2. The manga introduced an early concept of the Hoi-Poi Capsules that appear in Toriyama's well known manga Dragon Ball.
 The Monthly Index of Medical Specialities Ireland (MIMS Ireland) is a well-established prescribing guide delivered to medical practitioners in Ireland. It was founded by Dr John O'Connell who came up with the concept of a small concise medical guide that was to become MIMS.MIMS Ireland is used by the Irish Medicines Board to convey information on drug safety and is recommended by the Pharmaceutical Society of Ireland (PSI) as part of the premises requirements for pharmacies.
 The Manteca Bulletin is the newspaper of record and daily newspaper for Manteca California United States. The Bulletin has been published for nearly 100 years. Once locally owned the paper is now part of Morris Multimedia. The editor is Dennis Wyatt.
 H.O.W. Journal is a bi-annual non-profit art & literary journal founded in 2006. It features a mix of prominent contemporary writers and artists alongside upcoming talents in a variety of disciplines—fiction non-fiction poetry and visual art.H.O.W. Journal is published each spring and fall. The next issue Issue 6 is set for release in April 2010. Each issue release is accompanied by a fund-raising event.Currently H.O.W.
 The Bulgari Connection is a 2001 novel by Fay Weldon that became notorious for its commercial tie-in: in exchange for £18000 from the jeweler Bulgari Weldon was required to mention the name of the jeweler at least 12 times - which was more than exceeded by the author. The 34 mentions appear in sentences such as 'A Bulgari necklace in the hand is worth two in the bush' said Doris or They snuggled together happily for a bit all passion spent; and she met him at Bulgari that lunchtime.
 Made of Stone is the first play by Leo Butler first performed as part of the Young Writers' Festival at the Royal Court in London in 2000.Butler called the play which is named after the Stone Roses' 1989 song of the same title his 'love letter' to Sheffield. Butler says that the starting point for any of his plays is an image here he claimed it was that of two brothers standing by their father's grave. The play centres on three brothers coming to terms with their father's death.
 Ah Wilderness! is a comedy by American playwright Eugene O'Neill that premiered on Broadway at the Guild Theatre on 2 October 1933.The play was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1933-1934.
 The Oblong Box is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1844 about a sea voyage and a mysterious box.
 ABI Technik subtitled Zeitschrift für Automation Bau und Technik im Archiv- Bibliotheks- und Informationswesen (English: Journal of Automation Library Construction and Technology for the Archive Library and Information Sector) is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of library science including automation archival administration building construction and information technology.
 Ghost of the Well of Souls is the tenth and final novel in the Well of Souls series by American author Jack L. Chalker. It concludes the narrative begun in The Sea is Full of Stars.
 Geology Today is a publication of the Geological Society of London and the Geologists' Association.
 Mach 1: A Story of Planet Ionus is a 1957 science fiction novel by Allen A. Adler. A paperback version was published in 1966 by Paperback Library with the alternate title Terror on Planet Ionus.
 The Coffeyville Journal is a two-day (Wednesday-Saturday) newspaper covering the city of Coffeyville . It is owned by the Sumner family owner of three Oklahoma newspapers. Along with two additional Oklahoma papers the Sumners purchased the Journal from Community Newspaper Holdings in October 2007.
 Henry Hikes to Fitchburg is the first book of a series of five picture books by D.B. Johnson based on Henry David Thoreau.Every Henry book has an author's note saying which passage by Thoreau inspired this particular book.
 Torn is the fourth book in The Missing series by Margaret Peterson Haddix. It was released on 23 August 2011.
 Abaddon's Gate is a science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey (pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck). It is about a conflict in the solar system that involves Earth Mars and the Asteroid Belt (colonies of people living on asteroids referred to as Belters). It is the third title of The Expanse series and is preceded by Leviathan Wakes and Caliban's War.The book was released on 4 June 2013.It was also released as an audiobook by Audible narrated by Jefferson Mays.
 Everville is a novel by British author Clive Barker. It was released in 1994 and is the second in the Book of the Art but it also can be read alone. The first part of The Art Trilogy The Great and Secret Show was released in 1989.Everville tells the story of a small town of the same name from its creation to transformation over the years.
 The Journal of African Economies is published five times a year by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Centre for the Study of African Economies University of Oxford. The journal publishes economic analyses focused entirely on Africa. Each issue contains applied research together with a comprehensive book review section and a listing of current working papers from around the world.
 The Nash & Cibinic Report is a monthly report providing opinion and advice on current United States government contract issues. The report was written by John Cibinic Jr. and Ralph Nash.
 The Clevedon Mercury was a weekly free newspaper delivered to homes in the North Somerset area of southwestern England. It was founded in 1863 to communicate national news and local happenings. The final issue was published in April 2012.
 Manman Dlo contre la fée Carabosse (Water Mother Versus the Carabossa Fairy) is a French-language play in two acts written by Martinican author Patrick Chamoiseau.
 Winterset is a play by Maxwell Anderson.A verse drama written largely in poetic form the tragedy deals indirectly with the famous Sacco-Vanzetti case in which two Italian immigrants with radical political beliefs were executed. Its plot follows Mio Romagna’s quest to prove his father’s innocence in the years after Bartolomeo Romagna was executed for a robbery and murder he did not commit.
 The Mermaid Chair is a 2005 novel written by American novelist Sue Monk Kidd which has also been adapted as a Lifetime movie
 Entertainment and Sports Lawyer is a law review published by the Forum on the Entertainment and Sports Industries of the American Bar Association. It is aimed at lawyers who specialize in entertainment and sports.
 The Flickering Torch Mystery is Volume 22 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1943. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1971 by Vincent Buranelli resulting in two different stories with the same title.
 The Angel of Darkness is a 1997 crime novel by Caleb Carr that was published by Random House (ISBN 0-7515-2275-9) and is a sequel to The Alienist (1994).
 A Toast to Melba is a 1976 Australian play by Jack Hibberd which was written in 1975. Hibberd described it as:Another 'Popular Play' like The Les Darcy Show. Using the Epic Theatre techniques of Bertolt Brecht (without politics) the play encompasses the life of diva Nellie Melba from childhood in Melbourne to her death in Egypt (alleged dying words: I never did like Aida.)... The actress who plays Melba must be able to sing a few arias and parlour songs.
 A Hero of Our Time (Russian: Герой нашего времени Geroy nashevo vremeni) is a novel by Mikhail Lermontov written in 1839 and revised in 1841. It is an example of the superfluous man novel noted for its compelling Byronic hero (or anti-hero) Pechorin and for the beautiful descriptions of the Caucasus. There are several English translations including one by Vladimir Nabokov and Dmitri Nabokov in 1958.
 Psychology of Religion and Spirituality is a peer-reviewed academic journal in psychology published by the American Psychological Association. It publishes original articles that deal with the psychology of religion and spirituality. Methods covered include critical reviews as well as experimental correlational and qualitative approaches. Topics of interest include training and practice. The journal was established in 2009.
 You Can't Win is an autobiography by adventurer Jack Black written in the early to mid-1920s and first published in 1926. The book tells of his experiences in the hobo underworld freight-hopping around the still Wild West of the United States and Canada.
 The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is a short story by American author Washington Irving contained in his collection of 34 essays and short stories entitled The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon Gent. Written while Irving was living abroad in Birmingham England The Legend of Sleepy Hollow was first published in 1820. Along with Irving's companion piece Rip Van Winkle The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is among the earliest examples of American fiction with enduring popularity.
 Zeitschrift für Naturforschung C: A Journal of Biosciences (often abbreviated Z. Naturforsch. C) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. The journal covers all areas of animal and plant physiology all aspects of biochemistry neurobiology virology and molecular genetics; historically contributions were accepted in either German or English but the current requirement is for manuscripts to be written in English.
 The Conscience of a Liberal is a book written by economist Paul Krugman. It was 24th on the New York Times Best Seller list in November 2007. The title was used originally in Senator Paul Wellstone's book of the same name in 2001. Wellstone's title was a response to Barry Goldwater's 1960 book The Conscience of a Conservative.In the book Krugman studies the past 80 years of American history in the context of economic inequality.
 Travels with My Aunt (1969) is a novel written by English author Graham Greene.The novel follows the travels of Henry Pulling a retired bank manager and his eccentric Aunt Augusta as they find their way across Europe and eventually even further afield. Aunt Augusta pulls Henry away from his quiet suburban existence into a world of adventure crime and the highly unconventional details of her past.
 The Ingoldsby Legends is a collection of myths legends ghost stories and poetry written supposedly by Thomas Ingoldsby of Tappington Manor actually a pen-name of an English clergyman named Richard Harris Barham.The legends were first printed during 1837 as a regular series in the magazine Bentley's Miscellany and later in New Monthly Magazine. The legends were illustrated by John Leech and George Cruikshank.
 The Case of the Dirty Bird is the first novel in the Culpepper Adventures series by Gary Paulsen. It is about Dunc Culpepper and best friend Amos who with the help of an 150-year-old parrot manage to uncover a ring of appliance thieves and escape a watchdog to discover who stole an antique doll. It was published on June 1 1992 by Dell Publishing.
 Cho tôi xin một vé đi tuổi thơ (English: Give me a ticket back to Childhood) is a short story by Nguyễn Nhật Ánh. With this story; Nguyễn Nhật Ánh was awarded S.E.A. Write Award in 2010.
 The Velveteen Rabbit (or How Toys Become Real) is a children's novel written by Margery Williams and illustrated by William Nicholson. It chronicles the story of a stuffed rabbit and his quest to become real through the love of his owner. The book was first published in 1922 and has been republished many times since.The Velveteen Rabbit was Williams' first children's book. It has been awarded the IRA/CBC Children's Choice award.
 Argumentation and Debate was a long-running series of educational books about debating published by Macmillan from 1904 to 1969. The earliest editions were written by Craven Laycock and Robert Leighton Scales both affiliated with Dartmouth College. They dedicated the book to colleague Charles Francis Richardson.
 The Norwich Evening News is a daily local newspaper published in Norwich Norfolk England. It covers the city and the surrounding suburbs and is published by Archant. It is the best-selling newspaper in Norwich.[citation needed] As of 28 February 2011 the paper is printed for 6am as the stories are written the day before. The Norwich Evening News is sister paper to the Eastern Daily Press and has a cover price of 50p.
 Canyons is a novel written by Gary Paulsen. It involves two boys - one lives in modern times (Brennan) while the other is an Indian boy (Coyote Runs) living nearly two hundred years ago.
 The Oxford Forum is a termly student magazine distributed to members of Oxford University and available to others free of charge on request. First released in 2005 the magazine is produced and published independently by Oxford students.
 Finding Iris Chang: Friendship Ambition and the Loss of an Extraordinary Mind is a biography of Iris Chang author of the best-selling history book The Rape of Nanking. Written by Chang's friend journalist Paula Kamen and published in November 2007 the book's writing and research were motivated by Chang's suicide in 2004.
 The Promise of Eden is the debut novel of author Eric Durchholz. It was printed in 1999 by Concrete Books. It is a work of fiction in the science fantasy genre.
 7 Stories is a play created by Canadian playwright Morris Panych.
 Writing and Difference (French: L'écriture et la différence) is a book by French philosopher Jacques Derrida collecting some of the early lectures and essays that established his international fame. It was published in 1967 alongside Of Grammatology and Speech and Phenomena.
 The Psychology of the Psychic is a work by David Marks and Dr Richard Kammann written while both were lecturers in psychology at New Zealand's University of Otago.The original edition published in 1980 was co-authored with Richard Kammann. The second edition was published in 2000. Each edition contains a Foreword written by Martin Gardner. The second edition is dedicated to Richard Kammann (1934-1984). Kammann died of a heart attack in 1984.
 Arcane Power is a supplement for the 4th edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Full Metal Panic! (フルメタル·パニック! Furumetaru Panikku! often abbreviated to FMP!) is a series of light novels written by Shoji Gatoh and illustrated by Shiki Douji.
 Flyer News also known as fn is the independent student newspaper of the University of Dayton in Dayton Ohio. It was first published October 21 1959 and is now published twice a week while classes are in session for a total of 40 issues per academic year. Currently 4000 copies of each issue are distributed throughout campus. Each issue is 12 to 16 pages long and includes four to five sections: news arts and entertainment opinions and sports.
 Trois Couleurs (Three Colors) is a Paris-based monthly magazine which focuses on culture cinema and technology. It is edited by the French broadcasting group MK2 and its title pays tribute to the trilogy Three Colors of Krzysztof Kieślowski. It is distributed only in Paris: in MK2 movie theaters the Fnac network of Paris and in 250 cultural places restaurants bars concert halls and museums.
 The Irish Naturalist was a scientific journal that was first published in Dublin Ireland in April 1892.
 The Barnstable Patriot is a weekly newspaper published in and for the town of Barnstable Massachusetts. Although it bills itself as an independent voice since 1830 The Patriot has been owned since 2005 by Local Media Group.News Corp. acquired The Patriot when it bought Dow Jones & Company (Ottaway's parent) for US$5 billion in late 2007.
 Group Processes & Intergroup Relations is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of social psychology including organizational and management sciences political science sociology language and communication cross cultural psychology and international relations among others. The journal's editors-in-chief are Dominic Abrams (University of Kent) and Michael Hogg (Claremont Graduate University).
 The Indian Journal of Dermatology Venereology and Leprology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Association of Dermatologists Venereologists and Leprologists. The journal covers clinical and experimental dermatology cutaneous biology dermatological therapeutics cosmetic dermatology dermatopathology dermatosurgery pediatric dermatology photodermatology and HIV medicine.
 Market Wizards is a book written by Jack D. Schwager and published in 1988 in which he interviews a wide range of traders with excellent track records of profitability.The book contains four parts covering interviews with traders in a wide range of markets. The interviews contain a mixture of facts about the trading careers of the interviewees their philosophy and many trading anecdotes.
 Hot House Flowers is an illustrated allegorical children's book written and self-published by Brooklyn criminal court judge John H. Wilson which compares illegal immigration to dandelions which overrun a greenhouse.It is illustrated by Marina Tsesarkaya.
 Eternity (1988) is a science fiction novel by Greg Bear. It is the second book in his The Way series dealing largely with the aftermath of the decision to split Axis City and abandon the Way in the preceding book Eon.
 The Theory of Island Biogeography is a 1967 book by Edward O. Wilson and Robert MacArthur which laid the foundations for the study of island biogeography. An edition with a new preface by Edward O. Wilson was published in 2001 (ISBN 0691088365).
 The Bulletin of the World Health Organization is a monthly public health journal published by the World Health Organization that was established in 1947. It aims to give public health policy and practice guidance based on the best evidence available while encouraging closer links between scientific investigation and the art of helping populations to lead healthier lives. Articles are published in English and abstracts are available in Arabic Chinese English French Russian and Spanish.
 Tekhnika Molodezhi (Russian: Техника — молодёжи Technology for the Youth) is a Soviet and Russian popular science magazine published monthly since 1933.Tekhnika Molodezhi also had a science fiction section. In Soviet era the magazine was often the first publisher of foreign sci-fi authors.
 Seventeen Against the Dealer is a young adult novel by American children's author Cynthia Voigt. It is the last of seven novels in the Tillerman Cycle.
 The Well-Spoken Thesaurus by Tom Heehler (Sourcebooks 2011) is an American style guide and speaking aid. The Chicago Tribune calls The Well-Spoken Thesaurus a celebration of the spoken word. The book has also been reviewed in the Winnipeg Free Press and by bloggers at the Fayetteville Observer and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
 Crumb Borne is a 1965 novel written by Clive Barry. It won the Guardian Fiction Prize in the year of its inception.
 Moskovsky Korrespondent (Russian: «Московский корреспондент») was a Russian newspaper which was printed in Moscow from 1 September 2007 to 29 October 2008.
 The Hellbound Heart is a horror novella by Clive Barker first published in November 1986 by Dark Harvest in the third volume of their Night Visions anthology series and notable for becoming the basis for the 1987 movie Hellraiser and its franchise. It was re-released as a stand-alone title by HarperCollins in 1988 after the success of the movie along with an audiobook recorded by Clive Barker and published by Simon & Schuster Audioworks.
 The Ponder Heart is a novella written by Eudora Welty and illustrated by Joe Krush originally published in The New Yorker in 1953 and republished by Harcourt Brace in 1954. The plot of The Ponder Heart follows Daniel Ponder a wealthy heir and is told through the narration of Edna Earle Ponder Daniel's niece. In 1956 the story was made into a Broadway play by Joseph Fields and Jerome Chodorov.
 Fang and Claw was Frank Buck’s third book which continued his stories of capturing exotic animals.Writing with Ferrin Fraser Buck related many of his experiences working with and observing other people in the jungle.
 The Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia was published by TSR Inc. in 1991 as a continuation of the basic edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game which ran concurrently with Advanced Dungeons & Dragons. Its product designation was TSR 1071.
 The Journal of Nanoscience and Nanotechnology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by American Scientific Publishers. It was established in 2001. The founding editor-in-chief is Hari Singh Nalwa (President/CEO of American Scientific Publishers).
 Act Without Words I is a short play by Samuel Beckett. It is a mime Beckett's first (followed by Act Without Words II). Like many of Beckett's works the play was originally written in French (Acte sans paroles I) being translated into English by Beckett himself. It was written in 1956 following a request from the dancer Deryk Mendel and first performed on April 3 1957 at the Royal Court Theatre in London. On that occasion it followed a performance of Endgame.
 Confessions of a Crap Artist is a 1975 novel by Philip K. Dick originally written in 1959. Dick wrote about a dozen non-science fiction novels in the period from 1948 to 1960; this is the only one published during his lifetime. The novel chronicles a bitter and complex marital conflict in 1950s suburban California from the perspective of the wife's brother an obsessive compulsive amateur scientist.
 Whacky was a strip in the British comic Cor!! and ran in the comic from its first issue on 6 June 1970 until 29 September 1973 - some 9 months before it was merged with Buster. It started as a half page strip but proved popular and was given a full page several weeks later.The strip is about a fictional schoolboy called Whacky who is regularly being whacked (slang for beating or thrashing) - later issues used the tag-line He's always getting whacked to emphasise the point.
 Le Courrier (literally The Mail) is a Swiss French-language daily newspaper published in Geneva. Founded on 5 January 1868 it was originally supported by the Roman Catholic Church but has been completely independent since 1996.Mainly focused on Geneva the newspaper is trying to expand into other cantons in Romandy.[citation needed]
 Current Anthropology is a peer-reviewed anthropology academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press and sponsored by the Wenner-Gren Foundation for Anthropological Research. Founded in 1959 by the anthropologist Sol Tax (1907-1995). Current Anthropology is one of very few journals that publishes research across all sub-disciplines of anthropology encompassing the full range of anthropological scholarship on human cultures and on human and other primate species.
 Rachel Ray is an 1863 novel by Anthony Trollope. It recounts the story of a young woman who is forced to give up her fiancé because of baseless suspicions directed toward him by the members of her community including her sister and the pastors of the two churches attended by her sister and mother.The novel was originally commissioned for Good Words a popular magazine directed at pious Protestant readers.
 Night of the Big Heat is a science fiction novel written in 1959 by John Lymington. It tells the story of an unnamed British island that is experiencing a bizarre and stifling heatwave.
 Vs. is an international fashion and lifestyle magazine published bi-annually. Known for its sleek design[citation needed] luxury fashion stories[citation needed] editorial edge[citation needed] and large format glossy print size.[citation needed]Vs. was founded by Jakob F. Stubkjær and Vibe Dabelsteen in 2005. Vs.'s offices are based in New York United States. Vs.
 Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe is a 1987 novel by Fannie Flagg. Flagg's novel weaves together the past and the present through the blossoming friendship between Evelyn Couch a middle-aged housewife and Ninny Threadgoode an elderly woman who lives in a nursing home. Every week Evelyn visits Ninny who tells her stories about memories of her youth in Whistle Stop Alabama where her sister-in-law Idgie and Idgie's friend Ruth ran a café.
 War and Peace (Pre-reform Russian: «Война и миръ» Voyna i mir) is a novel by the Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1869. The work is epic in scale and is regarded as one of the most important works of world literature.
 Power of Persuasion is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 The Lives of Christopher Chant is a children's fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones published by Methuen Children's Books in 1988. It was the fourth published of the seven Chrestomanci books (1977 to 2006). When the first four books were reissued in the U.K.
 A sestain is a six line poem or repetitive unit of a poem of this format (musaddas) comparable to quatrain (Ruba'i in Persian and Arabic) which is a four liner poem or a unit of poem.
 Pandora's Box is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Alcante illustrated by several artists and published by Dupuis in French and Cinebook in English.
 Al-Qaidah (Arabic: القاعدة‎ 'The Base') was a newspaper published in Iraq. It was an organ of the Iraqi Communist Party. It was printed clandestinely for thirteen years albeit with interruptions.The first issue of al-Qaidah came out in January 1943. Al-Qaidah was founded in the midst of a split in the party. It was set up by Yusuf Salman Yusuf (Fahd)'s three supporters in the party Central Committee; Daud as-Sayegh Hussain Muhammad ash-Shabibi and Zaki Muhammad Basim.
 How Doctors Think is a book released in March 2007 by Jerome Groopman the Dina and Raphael Recanati Chair of Medicine at Harvard Medical School chief of experimental medicine at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston and staff writer for The New Yorker magazine.The book opens with a discussion of a woman in her thirties who suffered daily stomach cramps and serious weight loss and who visited some 30 doctors over a period of 15 years.
 Seeing (Portuguese: Ensaio sobre a Lucidez lit. Essay on Lucidity) is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning Portuguese author José Saramago. It was published in Portuguese in 2004 and in English in 2006. It is a sequel to one of his most famous works Blindness.
 Cage of Eden (エデンの檻 Eden no Ori) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshinobu Yamada. The manga serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 2008 to December 2012 was published in 21 collected volumes by Kodansha. On December 12 2010 Kodansha Comics USA announced they have licensed the manga in English for North America.
 Kumudam is a Tamil weekly magazine published in Chennai India. It was founded in 1947 by Kumudam Group (P.V. Parthasarathy and S.A.P. annamalai) which also publishes other Tamil magazines including Kumudam Reporter Kumudam Snehidi Kumudam Bhakti Kumudam Jothidam Kumudam Theeranadhi. The Kumudam Group started a Telugu spiritual magazine called Kumudam Bhakthi Special. It had a circulation of 620000 papers in 1986.
 Tono to Issho (殿といっしょ? My Lord and Me) is a Japanese 4-panel gag manga written and illustrated by Ohba-Kai. Tono to Issho parodies several historical figures from Japan's Sengoku period (Warring States Era). Tono to Issho was adapted into two anime television series and two original video animations.
 Bezbozhnik (Russian: Безбожник; Atheist or The Godless) was a monthly anti-religious and atheistic satirical magazine published in the Soviet Union between 1922 and 1941 by the League of Militant Atheists. Between 1923 and 1931 there was also a daily newspaper called Bezbozhnik u Stanka (Безбожник у станка; The Godless at the Workplace). Its first issue was published in December 1922 with a print run of 15000 but its circulation reached as much as 200000 in 1932.
 Wyrms (1987) is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card. The story examines desire wisdom and human will. Card describes a version of the tri-partite soul similar to that articulated by Plato in The Republic.
 Venezuela Analitica is a bi-lingual monthly internet review published in Spanish language and English devoted to the economic social and cultural concerns of Venezuela.
 The Illustrated London News was the world's first illustrated weekly news magazine; the first issue appeared on Saturday 14 May 1842. It was published weekly until 1971 and then increasingly less frequently until publication ceased in 2003.
 Toward a Feminist Theory of the State is an influential work of feminist political theory written by Catharine MacKinnon in 1989.
 Cetywayo and His White Neighbours or Remarks on Recent Events in Zululand Natal and the Transvaal is a 1882 non fiction book by H. Rider Haggard his first full length published work. It was based on his time working in South Africa.
 The Journal of Medical Virology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering fundamental and applied research concerning viruses which affect humans. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell and was established in 1977. The editor-in-chief is Arie J. Zuckerman (University College London Medical School).
 Sucker's Portfolio by Kurt Vonnegut is a collection of six short stories one non-fiction essay and one unfinished short story written by Vonnegut and published posthumously by Amazon Publishing. The collection was initially released in early 2013 as serial episodes available on the Kindle e-reader. It was released as a complete book on March 12 2013.
 Celephaïs is a fantasy story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft written in early November 1920 and first published in the May 1922 issue of the Rainbow.The title refers to a fictional city that later appears in H. P. Lovecraft´s Dream Cycle including his novella The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath (1926).
 Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study is a book by the writer Idries Shah published Octagon Press in 1977. A later edition was published in 2002.Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study can be read as part of a whole course of study.
 Roadkill Bill is a comic created by Ken Avidor.
 Indradhanush is an Indian magazine set up by Anshumala Gupta a Delhi-based mechanical engineer from Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur is an interactive magazine for children between the age of 9 and 16. The magazine was started in 2004. It touched a circulation of 10000 copies.
 Psychological Science in the Public Interest is a peer-reviewed academic journal of the Association for Psychological Science that is published three times a year by SAGE Publications.The reports published in this journal are available to the general public via the APS website. The current editor-in-chief is Elaine F. Walker (Emory University). Manuscripts are accepted by invitation only.
 Messenger Newspapers is the publisher of 11 free suburban weekly newspapers together covering the Adelaide metropolitan area. Established by Roger Baynes in Port Adelaide in 1951 Messenger has since acquired other independent suburban titles to become Adelaide's only suburban newspaper group. The paper is a subsidiary of News Limited.The Messenger is delivered weekly to 11 different suburban areas each paper targeting content to its distribution area with some shared content.
 Popkorn is a novel by Slovenian author Andrej E. Skubic. It was first published in 2006.
 The Journal of College Student Development is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1959 and is the official publication of the American College Personnel Association. The journal publishes scholarly articles and book reviews from a wide variety of academic fields related to college students and student affairs. The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and the editor-in-chief is John M. Braxton (Vanderbilt University).
 The Postcard Killers (2010) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Liza Marklund and American author James Patterson.
 Penguen (English: Penguin) is a Turkish satirical magazine. It was founded in 2002 by Metin Üstündağ Selçuk Erdem Erdil Yaşaroğlu and Bahadır Baruter.In March 2005 Penguen was sued by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan for several caricatures of him; the magazine was acquitted.
 The Sun Herald is a U.S. newspaper based in Biloxi Mississippi that serves readers along the Mississippi Gulf Coast. It is owned by The McClatchy Company one of the largest newspaper publishers in the United States.The Daily Herald of Biloxi was purchased in 1968 by The State Record Company. In 1973 the South Mississippi Sun was launched.
 Madwand is a 1981 fantasy novel by Roger Zelazny. It is a sequel to Changeling.
 The Records of the Three Kingdoms also known by its Chinese title Sanguozhi is a Chinese historical text which covers the history of the late Eastern Han Dynasty (c. 184–220 CE) and the Three Kingdoms period (220–280 CE). It is widely regarded as the official and authoritative historical text for that period. Written by Chen Shou in the third century the work combines the smaller histories of the rival states of Cao Wei Shu Han and Eastern Wu in the Three Kingdoms period into a single text.
 Brokeback Mountain is a short story by American author Annie Proulx. It was originally published in The New Yorker on October 13 1997 and was subsequently published in a slightly expanded version in Proulx's 1999 collection of short stories Close Range: Wyoming Stories. The story won an O. Henry Award prize (third place) in 1998. The New Yorker won the National Magazine Award for Fiction for its publication of Brokeback Mountain in 1998.
 The Internet Galaxy: Reflections on the Internet Business and Society is a book by Manuel Castells Professor of Sociology and Professor of City and Regional Planning at the University of California. It was published by Oxford University Press in 2001. The title is a reference to The Gutenberg Galaxy a 1962 book by Marshall McLuhan. It is regarded as a good introduction to Social informatics.
 The Beacon Herald (Stratford Beacon-Herald) is a daily newspaper (Monday to Saturday) published in Stratford Ontario Canada.
 Funding Evil: How Terrorism is Financed and How to Stop It is a book written by counterterrorism researcher Dr. Rachel Ehrenfeld director of the American Center for Democracy and the Economic Warfare Institute. It was published by Bonus Books of Los Angeles California in August 2003.
 The Mercury is a daily newspaper published in Hobart Tasmania Australia by Davies Brothers Pty Ltd part of News Corp Australia and News Corp. The weekend issues of the paper are called Mercury on Saturday and Sunday Tasmanian.
 1634: The Ram Rebellion is the seventh published work in the 1632 alternate history book series and is the third work to establish what is best considered as a main plot line or thread of historical speculative focus that are loosely organized and classified geographically.
 J19: The Journal of Nineteenth-Century Americanists is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal which covers research on and analysis of the long nineteenth century (1783-1914). It is the official publication of C19: The Society of Nineteenth-Century Americanists. The journal is published by the University of Pennsylvania Press.
 Something Wicked This Way Comes is a 1962 novel by Ray Bradbury. It is about two 14-year-old boys Jim Nightshade and William Halloway who have a harrowing experience with a nightmarish and bewitching traveling carnival that comes to their Midwestern town on one October before Halloween. The carnival's leader is the mysterious Mr. Dark who bears a tattoo for each person who lured by the offer to live out his secret fantasies has become bound in service to the carnival. Mr.
 The Devil Wears Prada (2003) is a best-selling chick lit novel by Lauren Weisberger about a young woman who is hired as a personal assistant to a powerful fashion magazine editor a job that becomes hellish as she struggles to keep up with her boss's grueling schedule and demeaning requests.
 This article is about the comic about the fictional municipality in Häme. Mämmilä is also a real-life village in Pello Lapland 66°49′N 24°0′E.Mämmilä is a full-page comic strip by Finnish cartoonist Tarmo Koivisto and co-written by Hannu Virtanen.Mämmilä is a fictional small country municipality supposedly in the Häme region and was originally modeled on the municipality of Orivesi.
 The Stories of John Cheever is a 1978 short story collection by American author John Cheever. It contains some of his most famous stories including The Enormous Radio Goodbye My Brother The Country Husband The Five-Forty-Eight and The Swimmer. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Critics Circle Award in 1979 and its first paperback edition won a 1981 National Book Award.
 Gojiro is the 1991 debut novel by former Esquire columnist Mark Jacobson. It reinterprets the Godzilla film series from the perspective of the daikaiju—not a fictional creature depicted on-screen via suitmation but an irradiated varanid-turned B-movie star named Gojiro (an homage to Gojira the Japanese name for Godzilla).
 Journal of the American Geriatrics Society is a peer-reviewed journal of the American Geriatrics Society.Also involved in the journal are the American Therapeutic Society and Texas Geriatrics Society.
 Hanaukyo Maid Team (Japanese: 花右京メイド隊 Hepburn: Hanaukyō Meido Tai lit. Hanaukyō Maid Corps) is a manga bishōjo series created by Morishige.Hanaukyo Maid Team is about a young boy Taro Hanaukyo who has inherited a vast family fortune and more importantly the hundreds of employees working at the family mansion. While dressed and referred to nominally as 'maids' there are discrete albeit sometimes unusual departments for most of the employees (including Defence Science Catering etc.).
 Doyle: Spotlight is a comic based on the television series Angel. This title along with the others in IDW Publishing's Spotlight series was collected in the Angel: Spotlight trade paperback.
 Regards to the Man in the Moon' is a 1981 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.Louie is unhappy because the other kids call his father “the junk man.” But his father knows it’s not just junk. “All a person needs is some imagination! And a little of that stuff can take you right out of this world!” So Louie builds a spaceship fueled entirely by imagination—and blasts off into an amazing adventure.
 The Toll-Gate is a Regency novel by Georgette Heyer which takes place in 1817. Unlike many of Heyer's historical novels which concentrate on a plucky heroine this one follows the adventures of a male main character an ex-captain in the British Army who has returned from the Peninsular War and finds life as a civilian rather dull.
 Phytomedicine is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing in the fields of phytopharmacology phytotherapy and phytotoxicology. The journal was first published in 1994. Its editor-in-chief is Hildebert Wagner.
 The Fifth Head of Cerberus is the title of both a novella and a single-volume collection of three novellas written by American science fiction and fantasy author Gene Wolfe both published in 1972.
 Lady of Avalon is a 1997 book by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Diana L. Paxson.
 Akhbar El Yom (Arabic: أخبار اليوم‎) is located in Egypt it is an Arabic newspaper which was founded in 1944. It is released weekly on Saturdays. It has a daily edition called Al-Akhbar. The newspaper is owned by the Egyptian Shura Council and considered a semi-official newspaper.
 Not Without My Husband (German title: Nicht ohne meinen Mann) is a book written by Justine Harun-Mahdavi. The book is the memoir of Justine and her life as a German woman with her Persian (Iranian) husband Masoud Harun-Mahdavi in Iran before and after the Iranian Revolution.Justine came to Iran in 1968 and lived with her husband and two children in different cities (mainly in Kerman Mashhad and Tehran) in Iran for more than 11 years. Her husband Masoud was in different political positions.
 The Secret Life of Bees is a 2002 novel by American author Sue Monk Kidd. Set in the American South in 1964 the year of the Civil Rights Act and intensifying racial unrest the coming-of-age story addresses the difficulty of loss and betrayal. It received critical acclaim and was a New York Times bestseller list. It won the 2004 Book Sense Book of the Year Awards (Paperback) and was nominated for the Orange Broadband Prize for Fiction.
 My Sister Eileen is an American comedy stage production written by Joseph A. Fields and Jerome Chodorov based on autobiographical short stories by Ruth McKenney. The stories were originally published in The New Yorker and then collected and published as the book My Sister Eileen (1938).The plot focuses on Ruth and Eileen Sherwood sisters from Ohio who relocate to New York City in search of fame and fortune.
 The Merry Men and Other Tales and Fables (1887) is a collection of short stories by Robert Louis Stevenson. The title derives from the local name given to a group of waves in the title short story not from the Merry Men of Robin Hood tales.
 Reversible Errors published in 2002 (paperback edition by Picador 2003) is Scott Turow's sixth novel and like the others set in fictional Kindle County. The novel won the 2003 Chicago Tribune Heartland Prize for Fiction. The title is a legal term.The novel revolves around three 1991 murders for which Rommy Gandolph was convicted. It begins with attorney Arthur Raven being assigned to handle the final appeal of said death row inmate.
 T: The New York Times Style Magazine is a perfect-bound magazine dedicated to fashion living beauty holiday travel and design coverage. The magazine was launched in August 2004. It is published 15 times a year and distributed within the Sunday edition of The New York Times newspaper. Since December 2007 an international edition has been distributed with the weekend edition of the International New York Times (formerly the International Herald Tribune).
 Tales from the Expat Harem: Foreign Women in Modern Turkey (Turkish: Türkçe Sevmek) is a nonfiction anthology by 32 expatriate women from seven nations and five continents about their lives in modern Turkey published by Seal Press in North America (2006 ISBN 1-58005-155-3) and Doğan Kitap in Turkey (2005 ISBN 975-293-381-5 Turkish edition ISBN 975-293-372-6 English edition).Edited by Anastasia M.
 True Believers is an American comic book limited series from Marvel Comics written by Cary Bates with art by Paul Gulacy.It is also the name of an obscure group of Spider-Man villains.
 Gazeta Sporturilor (Romanian for The Sports Gazette; Italian for La Gazzetta dello Sport) is a daily newspaper in Romania and the country's largest and most read sports-related publication. It is owned by the Intact Media Group which also publishes Jurnalul Naţional and owns the Antena 1 television network.It is mainly focused on football but covers most sports events related to Romania as well as the most important international sport news.
 The Inheritance of Loss is the second novel by Indian author Kiran Desai. It was first published in 2006. It won a number of awards including the Man Booker Prize for that year the National Book Critics Circle Fiction Award in 2007 and the 2006 Vodafone Crossword Book Award.It was written over a period of seven years after her first book the critically acclaimed Hullabaloo in the Guava Orchard. Among its main themes are migration living between two worlds and between past and present.
 Frisk is a 1991 novel by Dennis Cooper. In 1995 the book was made into a film of the same name directed by Todd Verow.
 The Punisher vol. 4 also known as The Punisher: Purgatory is a Marvel Comics comic book series featuring the character Frank Castle also known as the Punisher. This limited series consists of four issues and was written by Christopher Golden and Tom Sniegoski. It was published as part of the Marvel Knights imprint. This series was a departure from the normal Punisher stories as it dealt with supernatural themes.
 The Clockwork Three is a 2010 novel by American author Matthew J. Kirby. Set in England in the late nineteenth - early twentieth century it follows three children: Giuseppe Hannah and Frederick who work to solve each other's problems.
 Trials of Death is the fifth book in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan (his real name Darren O'Shaughnessy). It is part of the Vampire Rites Trilogy which consists of books four to six in the 12 book saga. It was first published by Little Brown and Company in 2001 in the United Kingdom and 2003 in the United States.
 Guerrillas is a 1975 novel by V. S. Naipaul. The book is set on an unnamed remote Caribbean island populated by a mix of ethnicities but dominated by post-colonial British. Probably the island is modeled after Trinidad Naipaul's birthplace.
 The Duncan Banner Stephens County's Only Daily Newspaper is a six-day (Sunday through Friday) daily newspaper published in Duncan Oklahoma United States. With a circulation of 10000 the publication has been around since 1892 in some form or another. Founded by James P. Sampson in 1892 The Duncan Banner is the oldest business in Duncan still operating under the same name. Its first presses were reportedly brought to Duncan on the first railroad train to stop there.
 Blood Price is the first novel in Tanya Huff's series about private investigator Victoria (Vicky) Nelson her new immortal helper bastard son of Henry VIII Henry FitzRoy 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset or simply Henry Fitzroy and her former lover and colleague Detective - Sergeant Mike Cellucci. It was published in 1991 and followed by four subsequent novels: Blood Trail (1992) Blood Lines (1992) Blood Pact (1993) Blood Debt (1997) and one short stories collection - Blood Bank.
 Dziennik Polska-Europa-Świat (English: Daily Poland-Europe-World) was a Polish nationwide daily newspaper published by Ringier Axel Springer a joint venture between Germany's Axel Springer Verlag publishing company and Swiss media company Ringier.
 Norb was a newspaper comic strip written by Daniel Pinkwater and illustrated by Tony Auth. Syndicated by King Features Syndicate it ran for 52 weeks beginning in 1989.
 Phileleftheros (Greek: Ὁ Φιλελεύθερος meaning The Liberal) is the largest newspaper (by circulation) in Cyprus with about 26000 copies daily. Established in 1951 it is also the oldest still-circulating Greek paper on the island.
 The Green Collar Economy: How One Solution Can Fix Our Two Biggest Problems is a 2008 book by Van Jones. It outlines a plan for simultaneously solving socioeconomic inequality and environmental problems. The book has received favorable reviews from Al Gore Nancy Pelosi Laurie David Paul Hawken Winona LaDuke and Ben Jealous.
 Realtime Interrupt is a 1995 science fiction novel by James P. Hogan set in a near-future Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States.It tells the story of Joe Corrigan who awakens in a Pittsburgh hospital without memory. As director of the supersecret Oz Project he had worked on a virtual reality software project and as he slowly recalls his past he sets out on a quest to pick up the pieces of his past life. He discovers that the virtual reality is still going on.
 Profession is a novella by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the July 1957 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and was the lead story in the 1959 collection Nine Tomorrows.
 Winning the Oil Endgame: Innovation for Profits Jobs and Security is a 2005 book by Amory B. Lovins E. Kyle Datta Odd-Even Bustnes Jonathan G. Koomey and Nathan J. Glasgow published by the Rocky Mountain Institute. It presents an independent transdisciplinary analysis of four ways to reduce petroleum dependence in the United States:Using oil more efficiently through smarter technologies that wring more (and often better) services from less oil (pp.
 The Cup is a non-fiction book written by American author Eric O’Keefe. First published in Australia in 2009 its subject is the 2002 running of the Melbourne Cup which was won by the American-bred gelding Media Puzzle who was ridden by champion Australian jockey Damien Oliver and prepared by the Irish trainer Dermot Weld.
 Interpreter: A Journal of Mormon Scripture is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering primarily LDS apologetics as well as Mormon studies. It was established in 2012 by The Interpreter Foundation with Daniel C. Peterson as founding editor-in-chief. Peterson had previously been the founding editor of the journal FARMS Review which in 2011 had been renamed Mormon Studies Review and soon thereafter re-launched without apologetics as its main focus.
 Survivor is a science fiction novel by Octavia Butler. First published in 1978 as part of Butler's Patternist series Survivor is the only one of Butler's early novels not to be reprinted after its initial editions. Butler expressed dislike for the work referring to it as my Star Trek novel.
 Chiasmi International: Trilingual Studies Concerning the Thought of Merleau-Ponty is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles reviews and discussions in Italian French and English on the thought of the French philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty. The journal is produced in cooperation with the Italian Società di Studi su Maurice Merleau-Ponty and is distributed by Mimesis Edizioni in Italy Librairie philosophique J.
 Ivan Erazem Tatenbah is a novel by Slovenian author Josip Jurčič. It was first published in 1873.
 Log Horizon (ログ・ホライズン Rogu Horaizun) is a Japanese novel series written by Mamare Touno. It was initially posted on the user-generated content site Shōsetsuka ni Narō in 2010 and subsequently published by Enterbrain since March 2011. The series follows the strategist Shiroe and the other players of the long-lived MMORPG Elder Tale after they find themselves whisked away into the game world following a game update.
 The Orphan of Zhao (Chinese: 趙氏孤兒; pinyin: Zhaoshi gu'er) is a Chinese play from the Yuan era attributed to the thirteenth-century dramatist Ji Junxiang (紀君祥). The play has as its full name The Great Revenge of the Orphan of Zhao (趙氏孤兒大報仇 Zhaoshi guer da bao chou). The play is classified in the zaju genre of dramas. It revolves around the central theme of revenge.
 King is a monthly men's magazine geared toward African American and urban audiences. It features articles about hip-hop and R&B as well as sports and fashion. The magazine is published by Harris Publications and was a spinoff from XXL. It ceased publication on March 31 2009 citing failing ad sales as a result of the poor economy and plans to release monthly installments soon.
 Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice is a textbook written by James D. Foley Andries van Dam Steven K. Feiner and John Hughes and published by Addison–Wesley.It was widely considered a classic standard reference book on the topic of computer graphics and is also known as the bible of computer graphics (due to its size) the great white book (due to its white cover) or after the name of its authors as Foley et al.
 The Student Journals is an editorially independent online magazine for university students around the world which gives students a platform to voice their opinions. The site features regular comment articles submitted on numerous topics ranging from education and politics to culture and sport.
 Liberal Fascism: The Secret History of the American Left From Mussolini to the Politics of Meaning is a book by conservative Jonah Goldberg on the origins and nature of fascist movements. Published in January 2008 it reached #1 on the New York Times Best Seller list of hardcover non-fiction in its seventh week on the list. Goldberg is a conservative syndicated columnist and the editor-at-large of National Review Online.
 One Month To Live: Thirty Days To A No Regrets Life is the book by pastor Kerry Shook and his wife Chris Shook. It was published on February 5 2008 by WaterBrook Press a division of Random House Inc. The book is a New York Times Best Seller.
 MicroScope is a magazine for computer manufacturers distributors and resellers within the ICT channel which was founded in 1982.In March 2011 owners Reed Business Information sold MicroScope and its sister title ComputerWeekly to TechTarget and the print edition ceased publication.At the last BPA Worldwide audit in 2008 the circulation figure stood at 22275 (BPA June 2008).Following the closure of the print edition MicroScope is now available only online and in a monthly digital format.Topics covered within the magazine include news and analysis and assessments of issues within the marketplace. 
 Uncle Robin in His Cabin in Virginia and Tom Without One in Boston (sometimes shortened to simply Uncle Robin's Cabin) is an 1853 novel written by J.W. Page and released by J. W. Randolph Publishers of Richmond Virginia.
 Of Chameleons and Gods is the title of the first collection of poetry by Malawian poet Jack Mapanje published in 1981 in the United Kingdom. Despite critical acclaim the collection was withdrawn from circulation in Malawi because it was seen as a critique of the current government and especially the leader Hastings Kamuzu Banda.Mapanje in his introduction to the work describes as the result of the work of ten turbulent years.
 Everybody Is Different : A Book for Young People Who Have Brothers or Sisters With Autism is a book by Fiona Bleach.
 Hobart is an American literary magazine that publishes fiction poetry interviews and essays. Founded as an online magazine in 2001 Hobart grew into a biannual print magazine in 2003. Past issues have been dedicated to topics such as luck the outdoors and games.
 The Development of the Monist View of History is the major work of the Russian philosopher Georgi Plekhanov published in 1895. Plekhanov gives an account of modern social and philosophical thought as culminating in Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel and Karl Marx and seen through the materialism of Ludwig Feuerbach.Plekhanov wrote under the pseudonym Beltov and admitted to the use of the purposely clumsy name Monist View in order to deceive the censors of the Russian government.
 True also known as True The Man's Magazine was published by Fawcett Publications from 1937 until 1974. Known as True A Man's Magazine in the 1930s it was labeled True #1 Man's Magazine in the 1960s. Petersen Publishing took over with the January 1975 issue.
 The Truth about Truman School is a children's book by Dori Hillestad Butler that was first published on March 1 2008 through Albert Whitman & Company. The book deals with the subject of cyberbullying and has been listed several times as a recommended read for middle school aged students.The Truth about Truman School has been listed on the ALA's Joint Presidents' Program Resources list for 2012.
 Biznes & Baltiya is a business newspaper published in Latvia.
 Year's Best SF 12 (ISBN 0-06-125208-5) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2007. It is the twelfth in the Year's Best SF series.
 The South China Morning Post (aka 'SCMP' or 'the Post' simplified Chinese: 南华早报; traditional Chinese: 南華早報; Mandarin Pinyin: Nánhuá Zǎobào; Jyutping: naam4 waa4 zou2 bou3) together with its Sunday edition the Sunday Morning Post is the first English-language Hong Kong newspaper[citation needed] published by the SCMP Group with a circulation of 104000.Reginald Chua deputy managing editor of The Wall Street Journal and former editor of The Wall Street Journal's Asia edition was appointed editor-in-chief on 2 July 2009 replacing CK Lau. 
 De avonden (The evenings) is a 1947 novel by Gerard Reve. Reve wrote the book under the pseudonym Simon van het Reve. It was released on 1 November 1947. De avonden describes ten evenings out of the life of the 23 year old office clerk Frits van Egters. The book is partitioned in 10 chapters which each describe an evening (between 22 and 31 December 1946).In 1988 a film adaption was made.
 Doctor Who Magazine (abbreviated as DWM) is a magazine devoted to the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. Its current editor is Tom Spilsbury.It is the current Guinness Book of World Records holder of the longest running TV Tie-in magazine.
 The Journal of Narrative Theory is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering narratology in literary fiction. The journal was established in 1971 as the Journal of Narrative Technique and obtained its current title in 1999. It is published by the Department of English at Eastern Michigan University and the editors-in-chief are Abby Coykendall and Andrea Kaston Tange. In An Introduction to Narratology Monika Fludernik lists it as one of the most important journals in the field.
 Panjab Castes is a book based on the census report of the Panjab Province by Sir Denzil Ibbetson published in 1916. The census of the Panjab Province was carried out by Sir Denzil Ibbetson of the Indian Civil Services in 1881 and his report was published in 1883.
 Seas of Blood is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Andrew Chapman illustrated by Bob Harvey and originally published in 1985 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 16th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031951-4). There are currently no announced plans to republish this book as part of the modern Wizard Books series.
 The Marquette Sports Law Review (formerly the Marquette Sports Law Journal) is a biannual law review edited by students at Marquette University Law School (MULS). It is ranked 111th among specialty U.S. student-edited journals for citations by courts. Articles essays and notes are accessible in hard copy as well as online through LexisNexis Westlaw and HeinOnline. The journal is affiliated with the National Sports Law Institute at MULS.
 The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society designed to complement the Journal of Physical Chemistry. The editor-in-chief is George C. Schatz (Northwestern University). The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters covers research on all aspects of physical chemistry. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 6.585.
 National Lampoon The Best of #4 was an American humor book that was first published in 1972. The book was a special issue of National Lampoon magazine so it was sold on newsstands however it was put out in addition to the regular issues of the magazine.The book is a best-of an anthology a compilation of pieces that had already been published in the magazine pieces that had been created by the National Lampoon's regular contributors.
 Geographical is the magazine of the Royal Geographical Society (with the Institute of British Geographers) and was founded by Michael Huxley in 1935.The publishers pay a licence fee to the Society which is used to fund the advancement of exploration and research and the promotion of geographical knowledge. The magazine features articles on geographical topics the environment conservation and travel. The magazine is published twelve times per year (monthly).
 Absolute OpenBSD UNIX for the Practical Paranoid is a book about the Unix-like OpenBSD operating system written by Michael W. Lucas author of Absolute BSD and Cisco Routers for the Desperate. It is a guide to OpenBSD designed for seasoned Unix users. The book assumes a level of understanding of POSIX operating systems; their design commands and permission controls.
 The book Traces of Catastrophe: A Handbook of Shock-Metamorphic Effects in Terrestrial Meteorite Impact Structures or more commonly shortened to Traces of Catastrophe was written by Bevan M. French of the Smithsonian Institution. It is a comprehensive technical reference on the science of impact craters. It was published in 1998 by the Lunar and Planetary Institute (LPI) which is part of the Universities Space Research Association (USRA).
 Spectrum was a Toledo Ohio-based newspaper (and later magazine) serving the University of Toledo community.
 Cinema X was a British film magazine best known for its coverage of sexploitation films. Early issues of the magazine were undated but it is believed the first issue was published in 1969. The first film to grace the cover of Cinema X was Loving Feeling directed by Norman J. Warren.
 A Hole In Texas is a novel by Herman Wouk. Published in 2004 the book describes the adventures of a high-energy physicist following the surprise announcement that a Chinese physicist (with whom he had a long-ago romance) had discovered the long-sought Higgs boson.Parts of the plot are based on the aborted Superconducting Super Collider project.Published by Little Brown and Company ISBN 0-316-52590-1.
 Psmith Journalist is a novel by P.G. Wodehouse first released in the United Kingdom as a serial in The Captain magazine between October 1909 and February 1910 and published in book form in the UK on 29 September 1915 by Adam & Charles Black London and from imported sheets by Macmillan New York later that year.The story was also incorporated into the US version of The Prince and Betty published by W.J.Watt and Co. New York on 14 February 1912.
 An Option for Quebec (French: Option Québec) is an essay by former Premier of Quebec René Lévesque published in 1968. The essay presents the constitutional proposal of a group of progressive liberals who after leaving the Liberal Party of Quebec formed the Sovereignty-Association Movement.
 The Fordham Law Review is a student-run law journal associated with the Fordham University School of Law that covers a wide range of legal scholarship.
 The Journal of Reinforced Plastics and Composites is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in the field of materials science especially plastics and composites. The editor-in-chief is G. Springer (Stanford University). It was established in 1982 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 SpyCat is a comic strip appearing in Weekly World News created by Dick Siegel and drawn by Ernie Colón.SpyCat speaks nine different languages ranging from Persian to dog and is armed with Adamwestium claws and deadly cat o' nine tails. He writes free-form poetry when not waging war on America's enemies at home and abroad.
 Alligator Juniper is a national literature and arts magazine published annually by Prescott College. The journal was founded by Melanie Bishop in 1995. Publication is funded by the Arizona Commission on the Arts and the National Endowment for the Arts.In 2001 2004 and 2009 the magazine won the content award of the AWP Director's Prize for undergraduate magazines.Stories and poems that have appeared in Alligator Juniper have received the Pushcart Prize and inclusion in various anthologies.
 Windy City Times is the oldest LGBT newspaper in Chicago.
 Bunny Tales: Behind Closed Doors at the Playboy Mansion by Izabella St. James is an autobiographical account of the early life of the author and an account of her time spent at the Playboy Mansion as one of Hugh Hefner’s girlfriends. The book provides unique insight into life at the Playboy Mansion while providing a detailed account of what day to day life was like as one of Hefner’s girlfriends.
 The Fractal Geometry of Nature is an influential book published in 1982 by the Franco-American mathematician Benoît Mandelbrot. It is a revised and enlarged version of his 1977 book entitled Fractals: Form Chance and Dimension which in turn was a revised enlarged and translated version of his 1975 French book Les Objects Fractals: Forme Hasard et Dimension.
 The Journal of Pediatric Endocrinology and Metabolism is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering pediatric endocrinology and published by Walter de Gruyter. The editor-in-chief is Zvi Zadik (Hebrew University of Jerusalem).
 Starman's Quest is a science fiction novel by author Robert Silverberg. It was published in 1958 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies of which only 3000 were bound. It was reprinted as a second edition in hardcover by Meredith Press in 1969.
 Dance Chronicle is a peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on dance. It was established in 1977 and published by Marcel Dekker. In 2003 the journal was transferred to Routledge. The editors-in-chief are Joellen Meglin and Lynn Matluck Brooks.
 Technics and Civilization is a 1934 book by American philosopher and historian of technology Lewis Mumford. The book presents the history of technology and its role in shaping and being shaped by civilizations. According to Mumford modern technology has its roots in the Middle Ages rather than in the Industrial Revolution.
 The Hussaini Encyclopedia (Arabic - دائرة المعارف الحسينية - Dāʾirat al-maʿārif al-Ḥusaynīyah) is a one-of-a-kind encyclopedia completely themed on the third Holy Imam Imam Hussain as a person biography thought and way of conduct as well as on the social circle of personalities around him and also of places chronicles and various other related subjects. It is authored by Sheikh Mohammed Sadiq Al-Karbassi.
 With a Tangled Skein is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the third of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
 Communion: A True Story is a book by American ufologist and horror author Whitley Strieber that was first published in February 1987. The book is based on Strieber's alleged experiences with non-human possibly extraterrestrial entities.The book was later made into a film directed by Philippe Mora and starring Christopher Walken as Strieber.
 Real Estate Weekly is a weekly American real estate magazine. Latest New York City developments are a major part of coverage.
 Al-Sahafa is Ohio's only state-wide Arab-American newspaper and operates with the goal of unraveling the misconceptions around Arabs and dispelling prejudice. Its aim of exposing issues that are seldom if ever discussed on American network and cable outlets makes it the first paper in Ohio to portray issues of interest to Arab Americans.
 Longman Grammar of Spoken and Written English (LGSWE) is a descriptive grammar of English written by Douglas Biber Stig Johansson Geoffrey Leech Susan Conrad and Edward Finegan first published by Longman in 1999. It is an authoritative description of modern English a successor to A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language (ComGEL) published in 1985 and a predecessor of the Cambridge Grammar of the English Language (CamGEL) published in 2002.
 Tales from Jabba's Palace is an anthology of short stories set in the fictional Star Wars universe. The book was edited by Kevin J. Anderson and was released on December 1 1995.
 A Little Gold Book of Ghastly Stuff is a collection of B-sides and rarities by Neil Gaiman.The stories articles and poems were selected from previously published works and are: Before You Read This (first published as Todd Klein print) Featherquest (first published in Imagine #14) Jerusalem (first broadcast by BBC Radio 4) Feminine Endings (first published in Four Letter Word) Orange (first published in The Starry Rift) Orphee (first published in Orphee (CD)) Ghosts in the Machines (first published in The New York Times) The Annotated Brothers Grimm: Grimmer Than You Thought (first published in The New York Times) Black House (first published in The Washington Post) Summerland (first published in The Washington Post) The View from the Cheap Seats (first published in The Guardian) Once Upon a Time (first published in The Guardian) Introduction to Hothouse (first published in Hothouse) Entitlement Issues (first published at Neil Gaiman's Blog)) Freedom of Icky Speech (first published at Neil Gaiman's blog)) Harvey Awards Speech 2004 (first published at Neil Gaiman's blog)) Nebula Award Speech 2005 (first published at Neil Gaiman's blog)) Conjunctions (first published in Mythic Delirium #20)↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 The Love of The Last Tycoon is an unfinished novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald compiled and published posthumously.
 Picasso at the Lapin Agile is a play written by Steve Martin in 1993. It features the characters of Albert Einstein and Pablo Picasso who meet at a bar called the Lapin Agile (Nimble Rabbit) in Montmartre Paris.
 Lady Love is a Japanese manga series by Hiromu Ono. It won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga in 1984.
 Half in Shadow is a collection of stories by author Mary Elizabeth Counselman. It had first been published as a fourteen story collection (six stories not in the later Arkham House edition) as a Consul paperback by World Distributors UK in 1964. It was released in 1978 by Arkham House with fourteen stories (six not in the earlier UK edition) and was the author's first hardcover book. It was published in an edition of 4288 copies.
 GeGeGe no Kitarō (ゲゲゲの鬼太郎) is a manga series created in 1960 by manga artist Shigeru Mizuki. It is best known for its popularization of the folklore creatures known as yōkai a class of spirit-monster to which all of the main characters belong. It has been adapted for the screen several times as anime live action and video games.
 Se og Hør (See and Hear) is a TV guide and celebrity journalism magazine published in three independent versions in Denmark Norway and Sweden (where it is called Se & Hör) by the Danish company Aller Media. The Danish version is the oldest. The Danish and Swedish editions are published weekly the Norwegian the largest of the three twice a week.
 Second Language Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of linguistics concerned foremost with second language acquisition and second-language performance. Each year one special issue is published devoted to some current topic. It was established in 1985 and is published quarterly by Sage Publications.
 Orange Crush is Tim Dorsey's third novel and the first not to star Serge A. Storms as the main character. It is a frequently dark spoof of the politics of Florida and the United States' involvement in the Balkans.
 This article is about Dee Brown's 1970 book. For the eponymous 2007 film see Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee (film) or George S. Clinton's soundtrack.
 Oncogene is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group addressing cancer cell genetics and the structure and function of oncogenes.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal received a 2012 impact factor of 7.357 ranking it 31st out of 290 journals in the category Biochemistry & Molecular Biology 19th out of 196 journals in the category Oncology 30th out of 184 journals in the category Cell Biology and 15th out of 161 journals in the category Genetics & Heredity.
 Tinkers (2009) is the first novel by American author Paul Harding. The novel tells the stories of George Washington Crosby an elderly clock repairman and of his father Howard. On his deathbed George remembers his father who was a tinker selling household goods from a donkey-drawn cart and who struggled with epilepsy.
 Leave it to PET! (まかせてPETくん Makasete PET Kun) is a children's comedy manga series written and illustrated by Kenji Sonishi (そにしけんじ). The series was published by Poplar Publishing Co. Ltd. in Japan and licensed by Viz Media in North America.
 Canon (カノン Kanon) is a Japanese shōjo manga by Chika Shiomi (潮見 知佳 Shiomi Chika). The series was originally serialized between 1994 and 1996 in Akita Shoten's manga magazine Mystery EX and the chapters were compiled into four bound volumes. The series has been licensed by CMX Manga and has released all four volumes in English.
 Les Tuniques Bleues is a Belgian series of bandes dessinées (comic books in the Franco-Belgian tradition) first published in Spirou magazine and later collected in albums by Dupuis. Created by artist Louis Salverius and writer Raoul Cauvin the series was taken up by artist Willy Lambillotte after Salverius' hasty demise. It follows two United States cavalrymen through a series of battles and adventures. The first album of the series was published in 1970.
 Voyage of the Moonstone is the twenty-first book of the award-winning[citation needed] Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 Come Back for More by American novelist Al Fray was published in 1958 as a Dell (paperback) First Edition.
 The News & Observer is the regional daily newspaper of the Research Triangle area of the U.S. state of North Carolina. The N&O as it is popularly called is based in Raleigh and also covers Durham Cary and Chapel Hill. The paper also has substantial readership in most of the state east of Winston-Salem. It is the state's second-largest newspaper after The Charlotte Observer.
 The Evil Experiment by Jude Watson is the twelfth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 He's Just Not That Into You is a self-improvement book written by Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo that was published in 2004 and later adapted into a film by the same name in 2009. It was a New York Times bestseller and was featured on The Oprah Winfrey Show.
 Monsieur Lecoq is a novel by the nineteenth-century French detective fiction writer Émile Gaboriau whom André Gide referred to as “the father of all current detective fiction.”. The novel depicts the first case of Monsieur Lecoq an energetic young policeman who appears in other novels by Gaboriau.
 All That Remains is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell. It is the third book of the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series.
 Nazl el-Sourour (also spelled Nazl es-Surur Nazel el-Surour etc.; Arabic: نزل السرور‎ literally Happiness Hotel) is a musical play created by Lebanese playwright and composer Ziad Rahbani.
 Down Beat is an American magazine devoted to jazz blues and beyond the last word indicating its expansion beyond the jazz realm which it covered exclusively in previous years. The publication was established in 1934 in Chicago Illinois. It is named after the downbeat in music also called beat one or the first beat of a musical measure. Down Beat publishes results of annual surveys of both its readers and critics in a variety of categories.
 The European Journal of Pharmacology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of pharmacology. The journal publishes full-length papers on the mechanisms of action of chemical substances affecting biological systems. It also publishes short reviews debating recent advances in rapidly developing fields within its scope.
 The Complete Chronicles of Conan: Centenary Edition is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 2006 by Gollancz and is an omnibus of their earlier collections The Conan Chronicles Volume 1: The People of the Black Circle and The Conan Chronicles Volume 2: The Hour of the Dragon though the stories are rearranged.
 Sweet Tooth is a novel by the English writer Ian McEwan published on 21 August 2012. It deals with the experiences of its protagonist Serena Frome during the early 1970s. After graduating from Cambridge she is recruited by MI5 and becomes involved in a covert program to combat communism by infiltrating the intellectual world.
 Embrace is a 2001 novel by South African author Mark Behr.Embrace is the story of the sexual awakening of Karl De Man a 13-year-old pupil at the Berg an exclusive boys' school in South Africa in the 1970s. Karl's time at school is interwoven with descriptions of his time at home with his loving but traditional family.Karl is punished after joining in casual sexual games in the dormitory Karl falls in love.
 Too Loud a Solitude (Czech: Příliš hlučna samota) is a short novel by Czech writer Bohumil Hrabal. Self-published in 1976 and officially in 1989 due to political censorship. It tells the story of an eclectic and dimwitted old man who works as a paper crusher in Prague using his job to save and amass astounding numbers of rare and banned books he is an obsessive collector of knowledge. The book was translated into English by Michael Henry Heim.
 Right Where You Are Sitting Now fully titled Right Where You Are Sitting Now: Further Tales of the Illuminati is a book of philosophical writings written by Robert Anton Wilson and first published in 1982 by Ronin Publishing. Dedicated to William S. Burroughs and Philip K. Dick this work covers Emic reality Negative Entropy Witch Hunters of the Scientific Establishment The Jumping Jesus Phenomenon Is God a Dope Have Fun with Head and The Reality Labyrinth.
 French Politics Culture & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books on behalf of the Conference Group on French Politics & Society (sponsored jointly by the Minda de Gunzburg Center for European Studies at Harvard University and the Institute of French Studies at New York University). It covers modern and contemporary France from the perspectives of the social sciences history and cultural analysis.
 Ohime-sama Navigation (おひめさまナビゲーション Ohime-sama Nabigēshon lit. Princess Navigation) with the subtitles Otogibanashi Uranai (おとぎばなしうらない lit. Fairy tale divination) and Which Girl do you Trust? is a reader-participation game in the Japanese bishōjo magazine Dengeki G's Magazine published by ASCII Media Works which ran between the February 2008 and May 2011 issues.
 Geobios is an academic journal published bimonthly by the Dutch publishing house Elsevier. Geobios is an international journal of paleontology focusing on the areas of palaeobiology palaeoecology palaeobiogeography stratigraphy and biogeochemistry.
 Freaks Geeks and Asperger Syndrome: A User Guide to Adolescence is a non-fiction book about how it is like having a form of high functioning autism called Asperger Syndrome. The book was written by the then 13 year old Luke Jackson who has Asperger Syndrome himself. Luke wrote the book because he thought that there was not enough useful things on the internet about the subject.The point of the book is to explain that is fine to be different.
 The Roald Dahl Omnibus is a 1986 short story collection by Roald Dahl. The collection contains 28 stories selected from Switch Bitch Kiss Kiss and Someone Like You - a collection of Dahl stories published in various magazines and collections from the 1940s onward.
 St&rs (ST&RS -スターズ- Sutāzu) is a Japanese shonen manga written by Takeuchi Ryosuke and illustrated by Miyokawa Masaru. The series follows Maho Shirafune as he tries to become an astronaut.St&rs was serialized in the Japanese magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump published by Shueisha from June 2011 to April 2012. As of September 2012 Shueisha has compiled its chapters into five tankōbon bound volumes.
 Wave Motion is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing papers on the physics of waves – with emphasis on the areas of acoustics optics geophysics seismology electromagnetic theory solid and fluid mechanics. Original research articles on analytical numerical and experimental aspects of wave motion are covered.Since the journal's establishment in 1979 the editor in chief has been Jan D. Achenbach. In 2011 Andrew N.
 Nosso Lar (Our Home in Portuguese) is the best-selling novel by the Brazilian spiritist medium Francisco Cândido Xavier. The book tells the story of the spirit of André Luiz a prominent doctor who lived in the city of Rio de Janeiro. After dying André Luiz encounters neither the Heaven nor the Hell depicted in the teachings he had received during his Catholic upbringing.
 Knight Without Armour is a British thriller novel by James Hilton first published in 1933. A British secret agent in Russia rescues the daughter of a Tsarist minister from a group of Bolshevik revolutionaries.
 The Journal of Earth System Science is a bimonthly peer-viewed scientific journal that covers research on Earth system science. It was established in 1978 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences. The editor-in-chief is D. Shankar (National Institute of Oceanography).
 America Oggi or America Today is an Italian-language daily newspaper published in Westwood New Jersey for Italian immigrants in the U.S.
 Came Back to Show You I Could Fly is a novel by Robin Klein. It tells the story of a friendship between a lonely 11-year-old boy and a drug-addicted pregnant 20-year-old woman. It was made into a film in 1993 called Say a Little Prayer directed by Richard Lowenstein. It was given the designation of White Raven book at the 1990 Bologna Children's Book Fair.
 The Phoenix on the Sword is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian written by US author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine December 1932. The tale in which Howard created the character of Conan was a rewrite of the unpublished Kull story By This Axe I Rule! with long passages being identical. The Conan version of the story was republished in the collections King Conan (Gnome Press 1953) and Conan the Usurper (Lancer Books 1967).
 The Journal of Indian Society of Pedodontics and Preventive Dentistry is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Pedodontics and Preventive Dentistry. The journal covers research in pediatric dentistry preventive and community dentistry oral pathology and dentofacial orthopedics.
 The Man Higher Up: A Story of the Fight Which Is Life and the Force Which Is Love is a novel by the American writer Henry Russell Miller set in 19th century Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The novel tells the Horatio Alger story of Bob an Irish-Catholic tenement waif who becomes a mill hand a ward heeler then mayor of Pittsburgh and finally governor of Pennsylvania.
 Daddy's Boy: A Son's Shocking Account of Life with a Famous Father is a 1989 book written by American author Chris Elliott and published by the Dell Publishing in the United States.The book is a parody celebrity memoir fictionalizing the author's childhood experiences as the son of comedian Bob Elliott.
 Gazeta 55 (English: Newspaper 55) is an Albanian language newspaper published in Tirana Albania and is politically unaffiliated daily with nine reporters on staff. The tabloid's owner is Fahri Balliu an Albanian businessman. Gazeta 55 has been described as having a right-wing bias and the newspaper has a critical attitude towards daily events in Albania. The paper has a daily nationwide circulation of approximately 4500 copies and is available online in PDF.
 Awaking Beauty is a 2008 musical with words by Alan Ayckbourn and music by Denis King. It was shown as the Stephen Joseph Theatre's Christmas production but unlike earlier productions was expressly billed as not suitable for young children. The musical is a parody sequel to Sleeping Beauty where the wicked witch Carabosse also falls in love with the prince and uses her own dark magic and dirty tricks to try to make him her own. Awaking Beauty on official Ayckbourn site
 Physiology & Behavior is a scientific journal published by Elsevier. It is an official journal of the International Behavioral Neuroscience Society. The journal publishes peer-reviewed articles in the fields of behavioral neuroendocrinology psychoneuroimmunology learning and memory ingestion social behavior and studies related to the mechanisms of psychopathology. It was established in 1966.
 Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America (BSSA) is a bimonthly peer reviewed scientific journal published by the Seismological Society of America. The editor-in-chief is Diane I. Doser (University of Texas at El Paso). The journal covers seismology and related disciplines. Topical coverage includes theory and observation of seismic waves specific earthquakes the structure of the Earth earthquake sources hazard and risk estimation and earthquake engineering.
 The Gesta Berengarii imperatoris (or Deeds of the Emperor Berengar) is an epic poem chronicling the career of Berengar of Friuli from its inception (c.874) until his imperial coronation in Rome in December 915. It is a court panegyric and highly laudatory of its namesake. To the modern historian it is difficult and often maddeningly vague.
 The Devil's Tune is a novel by the Conservative Party politician Iain Duncan Smith published in November 2003.The book is notable for its uniformly negative reception such that a paperback edition was never published.
 Ádahooníłígíí (IPA: [átàhòːníɬíkíː] Navajo: occurrences in the area/current events) was a monthly newspaper that appeared in the Southwestern United States in the 1940s and early 1950s. After the Cherokee Phoenix it was the second regularly circulating newspaper in the United States that was written in a Native American Indian language. It was the first newspaper published in Navajo and to this day it remains the only publication of its kind that had been written entirely in Navajo.
 Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The title is derived from a trademark self-referential comment often made by Spider-Man (as in just another service provided by your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man!) ironic in that Spider-Man is often falsely considered by the general public to be a dangerous vigilante and/or a criminal and to many his perceived reputation is anything but friendly.
 The World Atlas of Wine by Hugh Johnson and (since 2003) Jancis Robinson MW is an atlas and reference work on the world of wine published by Mitchell Beazley. It pioneered the use of wine-specific cartography to give wine a sense of place and has since the first edition published in 1971 sold 4 million copies in 14 languages.
 Legacy of the Jedi is a book and part of the Star Wars Expanded Universe. It takes place during the Rise of the Empire story era from about fifty years before the events of Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace to the Clone Wars and follows the characters Lorian Nod and Count Dooku.
 Nasz Dziennik (Our Daily) is a Polish daily newspaper published in Warsaw since 1998 by Spes Ltd. with the circulation of about 150000 as of 2007. Alternate sources have listed its 1999 circulation at 250000; and its 1998 readership at 600000 (according to Rzeczpospolita).
 Spanner was a British journal on non-market socialism.
 Economics of Transition is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. The journal was established in 1993. The journal publishes articles on the economics of structural transformation institutional development and growth.
 Mitsudomoe (みつどもえ lit. Three Way Struggle) is a gag manga series by manga creator Norio Sakurai about the adventures of the Marui triplets in sixth grade and their newly hired teacher Satoshi Yabe as he falls in love with the school nurse. It was serialized in Akita Shoten Shōnen magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion since 2006 before moving to Bessatsu Shōnen Champion in 2012. The serial chapters collected into twelve tankōbon.
 Glas Slavonije (English: The Voice of Slavonia) is a Croatian daily newspaper published in Osijek. In 2000 its average daily circulation was c. 9000 making it the 7th largest daily newspaper in Croatia.
 The Polysyllabic Spree is a 2004 collection of Nick Hornby's Stuff I've Been Reading columns in The Believer. The book collates his columns from September 2003 to November 2004 inclusive. It also includes excerpts from such authors as Anton Chekhov and Charles Dickens.In it Hornby lists the books he bought each month and the books he actually read. For instance he might buy Dickens but read J.D. Salinger.
 Emily's Runaway Imagination is a chapter book published by writer Beverly Cleary in the year of 1961. Set in the 1920s the plot revolves around the experiences of a young imaginative girl named Emily.
 The Far Hills was the first of English-born author Brian Cleeve's novels to be published. Written when he lived in South Africa it is a roman à clef about his time in Dublin immediately after World War II. The novel paints an unflattering picture of lower middle-class life in Ireland's capital city in the mid-1940s. Cleeve wrote The Far Hills following his failure to find a publisher for his previous novel on the subject of ancient Crete.
 God's Debris: A Thought Experiment is a 2001 novella by Dilbert creator Scott Adams.God's Debris espouses a philosophy based on the idea that the simplest explanation tends to be the best (a corruption of Occam's Razor).
 The Ghost Pit is a science fiction short story published in 2001 by Stephen Baxter. It was nominated for the 2002 Hugo Award for Best Short Story as well as the 2002 Locus Award and 2002 Asimov's Reader Poll.
 Cockroaches (Norwegian: Kakerlakkene 1998) is a crime novel by Norwegian writer Jo Nesbø the second in the Harry Hole series.The plot involves Norwegian police officer Harry Hole who is tasked with solving the murder of the Norwegian ambassador in Thailand. Working for Crime Squad in Oslo he mingles with criminals among the shadier neighbourhoods of Bangkok and eventually realizes that important people are involved in the crime.
 Levels of Knowing and Existence: Studies in General Semantics (Harper and Row 1959) is a textbook written by Professor Harry L. Weinberg that provides a broad overview of General Semantics in language accessible to the layman.
 Shrink Yourself (2007) is a book on emotional eating by Roger Gould. In Shrink Yourself Gould suggests that the powerlessness people feel over food cravings is a cover-up for a deeper sense of powerlessness in five other areas of their lives. By recovering one’s power in five key areas Gould suggests one also recovers power over food cravings.The five areas he identifies are: The Self-Doubt Layer: feeling powerless about how to deal with self-doubts.
 Gu Gu Ganmo (Gu-Guガンモ Gu-Gu Ganmo) is a shōnen manga by Fujihiko Hosono. It was originally serialized in Shōnen Sunday from 1982 vol. 19 through 1985 vol 16 and was collected into 12 bound volumes by Shogakukan.
 Slayer Slang: A Buffy the Vampire Slayer Lexicon is an academic publication relating to the fictional Buffyverse established by TV series Buffy and Angel.
 I Spit on Your Graves (French: J'irai cracher sur vos tombes) is a 1946 crime novel by the French writer Boris Vian published under the pseudonym Vernon Sullivan. The story is set in the United States and revolves around a sexual and racial conflict.
 The Chosun Ilbo (Hangul: 조선일보; hanja: 朝鮮日報; literally Korea Daily) is one of the major newspapers in South Korea. With a daily circulation of over 2200000 the Chosun Ilbo has undertaken annual inspections since Audit Bureau of Circulations was established in 1993.
 Skippy Dies is a 2010 tragicomic novel by Paul Murray. It was shortlisted for the 2010 Costa Book Awards longlisted for the 2010 Man Booker Prize and was a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award.
 The Silverado Squatters (1883) is Robert Louis Stevenson's travel memoir of his two-month honeymoon trip with Fanny Vandegrift (and her son Lloyd Osbourne) to Napa Valley California in 1880.In July 1879 Stevenson received word that his future American wife's divorce was almost complete but that she was seriously ill. He left Scotland right away and travelled to meet her in Monterey California (his trip detailed in The Amateur Emigrant (1894) and Across the Plains (1892)).
 The Moral Landscape: How Science Can Determine Human Values is a book by Sam Harris. In it he promotes a science of morality and argues that many thinkers have long confused the relationship between morality facts and science. He aims to carve a third path between secularists who say morality is subjective (e.g. moral relativists) and religionists who say that morality is given by God and scripture.
 Evenings at Home or The Juvenile Budget Opened (1792-1796) is a collection of six volumes of stories written by John Aikin and his sister Anna Laetitia Barbauld. It is an early example of children's literature. The late Victorian children's writer Mary Louisa Molesworth named it as one of the handful of books that was owned by every family in her childhood and read enthusiastically. In their introduction the authors explain the title in these words: W. S.
 The Independent was a biweekly newspaper published in Banjul the Gambia. The paper was started in July 1999 with 25 staffers and freelance reporters but after multiple raids acts of arbitrary arrest and detention and unsolved acts of arson The Independent ceased publication in March 2006.
 The Next Fifty Years: Science in the First Half of the Twenty-First Century is a 2002 collection of essays by twenty-five well-known scientists edited by Edge Foundation founder John Brockman who wrote the introduction.The essays contain speculation by the authors about the scientific and technological advances that are likely to occur in their various fields in the first half of the 21st century.The collection is divided into two parts; the twelve essays in Part One are devoted to more theoretical speculation whereas the thirteen essays in Part Two discuss the possible practical applications of scientific and technological advance.The contributing scientists are: Lee Smolin The Future of the Nature of the Universe Martin Rees Cosmological Challenges: Are We Alone and Where? Ian Stewart The Mathematics of 2050 Brian Goodwin In the Shadow of Culture Marc D. 
 The Journal of Anthropological Archaeology is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of archaeology. The journal was founded in 1982 and appears four times per year and is published by Elsevier. The current editor is John O'Shea. Publications in the journal focus on understanding the operation organization and evolution of human societies.
 Star Wars Republic Commando: True Colors is the third novel in the Republic Commando series written by Karen Traviss. It is a sequel to Hard Contact and Triple Zero and continues the story of Omega Squad's actions during the Clone Wars.
 Mystery of the Desert Giant is Volume 40 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by James Buechler in 1961.
 The Eagle's Conquest is a 2001 novel by Simon Scarrow about the Roman invasion of Britain in 42 AD. It is the second book in the Eagle Series
 Brother is a yaoi manga by Yuzuha Ougi. It has been published in English by DramaQueen in 2005.
 The Journal of Applied Psychology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. The journal emphasizes the publication of original investigations that contribute new knowledge and understanding to fields of applied psychology (other than clinical and applied experimental or human factors which are more appropriate for other American Psychological Association journals).
 Computer Shopper was a monthly consumer computer magazine published by SX2 Media Labs. It ceased print publication in April 2009.The publisher continues to run ComputerShopper.com a related website.
 American Empire: Blood and Iron is the first book of the American Empire trilogy of alternate history fiction novels by Harry Turtledove. It is a sequel to the novel How Few Remain and the Great War trilogy and is part of the Southern Victory Series.Blood and Iron covers events directly following the closing events of The Great War: Breakthroughs. It takes the Southern Victory Series Earth from 1917 to 1924.
 Kaitō Tenshi Twin Angel (快盗天使ツインエンジェル Kaitō Tenshi Tsuin Enjeru lit. Phantom Thief Angels: Twin Angel) is a 2008 Japanese original video anime series produced by Nomad based on a pachisuro game from Trivy and Sammy. A television anime adaptation produced by J.C.Staff aired between July and September 2011. Several manga spin-off series have also been produced.
 The Complete Robot (1982) is a collection of 31 science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov written between 1939 and 1977. Most of the stories had been previously collected in the books I Robot and The Rest of the Robots while four stories had previously been uncollected and the rest had been scattered across five other anthologies.
 The Banner of Joan is an epic poem by H. Warner Munn. It was first published in 1975 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 975 copies in honor of Munn's appearance as Guest of Honor at the first World Fantasy Convention. The poem concerns Joan of Arc and may be seen as an epilogue to Munn's Merlin novels.
 Yanzhao Metropolis Daily (Chinese: 燕赵都市报; Pinyin: Yānzhào Dūshì Bào) is a morning newspaper published in the Hebei province of the People's Republic of China. It is owned by Hebei Daily Newspaper Group which also publishes Hebei Daily.Yanzhao Metropolis Daily was established in 1996. Its current circulation is over one million the number one daily in the Hebei province. It is printed and published in 11 cities of the province in every morning.
 Salah Asuhan is an Indonesian novel by Abdul Muis originally published in 1928 by Balai Pustaka. It is widely considered one of the best examples of early modern Indonesian literature.
 How Soon Is Never is novel-cum-homage to The Smiths set in working-class Manchester England in the early 1980s. The book was written by Marc Spitz and originally released on September 23 2003 by Three Rivers Press.
 LaBrava the 1983 novel by author Elmore Leonard follows the story of Joe LaBrava former Secret Service agent. This novel won the 1984 Edgar Award for Best Novel.
 The British edition of Vogue is a fashion magazine that has been published since the autumn of 1916. The magazine's current editor stated that “Vogue’s power is universally acknowledged. It’s the place everybody wants to be if they want to be in the world of fashion and 85% of the magazine’s readers agree that “Vogue is the Fashion Bible”.
 Noggin was an American magazine that published art fiction cartoons and social and political commentary. It started in Iowa City Iowa in 1990 and published semimonthly for three years.
 Red Dog (2002) is a short novel by Louis de Bernières charting the life of a popular dog a Red Cloud Kelpie nicknamed Red Dog in Karratha Western Australia. A movie based on the novel was filmed in Australia in 2011.
 Journey Through the Impossible (French: Voyage à travers l’impossible) is an 1882 fantasy play written by Jules Verne with the collaboration of Adolphe d'Ennery. A stage spectacular in the féerie tradition it is deeply influenced by Verne's own Voyages Extraordinaires series and includes characters and themes from some of his most famous novels.The play premiered in Paris at the Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin on 25 November 1882 and ran for 97 performances.
 After Aida (original title: Verdi's Messiah) is a 1985 play-with-music by Julian Mitchell. It is about Giuseppe Verdi and the pressure put upon him after his attempt to retire from composing. Continued insistent prodding from his friends eventually results in one of his greatest masterpieces the opera Otello.
 White Dawns (Macedonian: Бели мугри Beli mugri) is a collection of poems by the famous Macedonian writer Kočo Racin (Кочо Рацин) published in 1939 in Samobor near Zagreb Croatia. This is the third collection of poems published in contemporary Macedonian language after Venko Markovski's Folk Sorrows (Народни бигори) and The Fire (Огинот) published in 1938. White Dawns was printed on 25 November at the printing house of Dragutin Schpuler in 4.000 copies.
 Les Fourberies de Scapin (literally Scapin's Deceits) is a three-act comedy by the French playwright Molière. The title character Scapin is similar to the archetypical Scapino character. The play was first staged on 24 May 1671 in the theatre of the Palais-Royal in Paris.The original play is in French but like many of Molière's plays it has been translated into many different languages.
 The International Review of Intellectual Property and Competition Law (IIC) formerly International Review of Industrial Property and Copyright Law is a review published by the Max Planck Institute for Intellectual Property Competition and Tax Law based in Munich Germany. There are eight issues per year and the language of publication is English. The review has been published since 1970. As of 2013 the editors are William R. Cornish Josef Drexl Reto M. Hilty and Jochen Pagenberg.
 The Wide Wide World is an 1850 novel by Susan Warner published under the pseudonym Elizabeth Wetherell. It is often acclaimed as America's first bestseller.
 The 3+1 Plan first published by Delancey Press in 2009 is an award-winning book by author and property educator Brett Alegre-Wood.The book is a guide to building a property portfolio so that it offers an alternative to a traditional pension plan.
 Fatal Cure is a medical thriller written by Robin Cook.
 Cannon God Exaxxion (THE CANNON GOD EXAXXION 砲神エグザクソン Hōjin Eguzakuson) is a seven volume manga by Kenichi Sonoda that deals with Earth's fight against alien colonization with the help of giant robots and super powered battle suits.
 Malgudi Days is a collection of short stories by R. K. Narayan published in 1943 by Indian Thought Publications.The book was republished outside India in 1982. The book includes 19 stories all set in the fictional town of Malgudi located in South India. Each of the stories portrays a facet of life in Malgudi. The New York Times described the virtue of the book as everyone in the book seems to have a capacity for responding to the quality of his particular hour.
 The Curious Enlightenment of Professor Caritat is a book by Steven Lukes. It is a comedy of ideas which was published in 1995.It is set in a fictional world and its primary source of humour is based upon the allusions Lukes makes to this world. The plot follows Professor Nicholas Caritat who is an allusion himself to Marquis de Condorcet a French Enlightenment scholar.
 Clone Wars Gambit: Stealth is a 2010 science fiction novel by Karen Miller. It is the fourth novel in the series of novels inspired by Star Wars: The Clone Wars. Gambit: Stealth was first published in the United States in February 2010 by LucasBooks and was published in the United Kingdom by Century.
 The Breasts of Tiresias (French: Les mamelles de Tirésias) is a surrealist play by Guillaume Apollinaire. Written in 1903 the play received its first production in a revised version in 1917. In his preface to the play the poet invented the word surrealism to describe his new style of drama.The play has been adapted into an opera by Francis Poulenc. It also has been translated twice first Louis Simpson in the 60's and Maya Slater in 2009.
 Hoot was a British comic that ran from (issues dates) 26 October 1985 to 25 October 1986 when it merged with The Dandy. Its cover price was 20p represented by a stylized graphic depiction of a 20p coin. Throughout its run it billed itself as Britain's bubbling new comic! a reference to the title masthead being made up of steam-billowing pipes (hence the title). The comic was the last new humour anthology comic from DC Thomson which mostly featured original characters.
 Pretoria News is a daily newspaper based in Pretoria Gauteng South Africa.
 The Catholic Press was a Sydney-based newspaper that was first published on 9 November 1895 and ran until 26 February 1942 after which it amalgamated with the Catholic Freeman's Journal and was reborn as The Catholic Weekly.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Second Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0-312-33659-2) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2005. It is the 22nd in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 More Ghost Stories is the title of M. R. James's second collection of ghost stories published in 1911. Some later editions under the title Ghost Stories of an Antiquary contain it and the earlier Ghost Stories of an Antiquary in one volume.Montague Rhodes James (1862–1936) was a medieval scholar; Provost of King's College Cambridge. He wrote many of his ghost stories to be read aloud in the long tradition of spooky Christmas Eve tales.
 Doklady Physics: a journal of the Russian Academy of Sciences is a monthly peer reviewed scientific journal published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media. This journal covers russian language to english language translations of physics technical physics astronomy and mechanics; collected and coalated from the Proceedings of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Doklady Akademii Nauk). The editor-in-chief is Yurii Osipov.
 The Pacific Northwest Inlander is a free weekly newspaper published in Spokane Washington and circulated throughout the Inland Northwest covering local news and culture. It is published in print and online every Thursday. A member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies it was founded in 1993 by Ted S. McGregor Jr. and J. Jeremy McGregor who still own it. Jacob H. Fries has been the paper's managing editor since 2008.
 An Annotated Checklist of the Birds of the Oriental Region is a 1996 softback book published by the Oriental Bird Club and authored by Tim Inskipp Nigel Lindsey and Will Duckworth.It contains a list of all 2586 species recorded in the Oriental Bird Club's areas of operation up to the date of publication.
 Money Management magazine is a monthly personal finance magazine and is published by the Financial Times Group. It was originally launched in 1962 as the Unitholder and later became a part of the FT Business stable. In 2005 FT Business was integrated into Financial Times Ltd.Money Management is written predominantly for financial professionals such as independent financial advisers and mortgage brokers and is available to buy through subscription.
 Giant Robo (ジャイアントロボ Jaianto Robo) is a manga by Mitsuteru Yokoyama in which the huge robot of the same name as a title appears. Tokusatsu Anime etc. based on this manga were produced. Since Toei requested a plot for Tokusatsu TV series from Yokoyama he wrote this manga. Yokoyama made the setting Giant Robo follows only a hero for differentiation with his Tetsujin 28 which everyone can control.
 The Law of Ueki PLUS (うえきの法則+ Ueki no Hōsoku PURASU) is a Japanese manga sequel to the manga and anime The Law of Ueki written and illustrated by Tsubasa Fukuchi. It was serialized in the weekly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday. The series has ended with 46 chapters which compiled into five tankōbon volumes that was published by Shogakukan.
 Audrey Magazine is an award-winning national publication covering the Asian experience as seen from the perspective of Asian American women. Audrey covers Asians and Asian Americans in popular culture fashion and beauty trends lifestyle and travel as well as social and cultural issues relevant to Asians and Asian Americans.
 Malice Aforethought (1931) is a murder mystery novel written by Anthony Berkeley Cox using the pen name Francis Iles. It is an early and prominent example of the inverted detective story invented by R. Austin Freeman some years earlier. The murderer's identity is revealed in the first line of the novel which gives the reader insight into the workings of his mind as his plans progress.
 The Indian Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Occupational Health. The journal publishes articles on the subject of occupational and environmental medicine including epidemiology ergonomics carcinogenesis biological monitoring industrial hygiene toxicology applied psychology and environmental chemistry. The journal is indexed by PubMed.
 School Zone (スクールゾーン Sukuuru Zoon) is a horror manga series by Kanako Inuki. The series follows a group of children as they discover that the many ghost stories urban legends and superstitions they have heard about their school are real.
 33 Snowfish is a 2003 novel by Adam Rapp. The American Library Association made the book one of their 2004 book picks. In an article with Horn Book Magazine Candlewick Press's editorial director commented that Rapp's original version of 33 Snowfish contained stronger language which had to be edited down before it could be sold.
 Ekolëvizja is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Beneath the Surface (ISBN 9780733619328) is a children's picture book by the author Gary Crew and illustrated by Steven Woolman. It is a sequel to The Watertower. It was published in 2004 10 years after its prequel.It is about Dr Spiros Trotter aka Spike from The Watertower who is a hydrologist. He returns to Preston to test the water in the mysterious watertower on the hill. The words in the book describe Spike's actions while the pictures on each page skip all around the world.
 Nuclear Implosions: The Rise and Fall of the Washington Public Power Supply System is a 2008 book by Daniel Pope a history professor at the University of Oregon which traces the history of the Washington Public Power Supply System a public agency which undertook to build five large nuclear power plants one of the most ambitious U.S. construction projects in the 1970s.
 Tokyo Babylon (東京 BABYLON Tōkyō Babiron) also known as Tokyo Babylon: A Save Tokyo City Story is a shōjo manga series created by Clamp with story by Nanase Ohkawa and art by Mokona. The series follows Subaru Sumeragi the head of the Sumeragi clan and his sister Hokuto as they work to protect Tokyo from a myriad of supernatural perils. The series is based on a dōjinshi Clamp wrote but decided to add dark social themes in the serialization as a result of the chapters' length.
 The Kenora Daily Miner and News is a daily publication based in Kenora Ontario. The Miner and News publishes its broadsheet paid circulation daily Tuesday through Friday and its tabloid publication Lake of the Woods Enterprise is delivered free throughout the region every Saturday. The Daily Miner and News is owned by Quebecor Inc.
 Cutie Honey the legend of an angel or Cutie Honey Tennyo Densetsu (キューティーハニー天女伝説 Kyūtī Hanī tennyo densetsu) also known in Italy as Cutie Honey '21 is a Japanese manga by Go Nagai. It is a sequel to the Cutie Honey and Cutie Honey 90s manga series created by Nagai as well.
 The Great Lover is a 2009 biographical novel by Jill Dawson. The novel follows the fictional Nell Golightly as she encounters the eccentric poet Rupert Brooke in Grantchester Cambridgeshire. Set from 1909 until 1914 in the novel Dawson examines Brooke's relationship with Nell and his growth as a poet and individual.
 Ad Astra is the quarterly magazine of the National Space Society (NSS). The name literally means To the Stars. The magazine came into being following the merger of the L5 Society and the National Space Institute which became the NSS in 1987. Since 2008 the magazine is published by MM Publishing.Imaginova Corporation publisher of Space.com published Ad Astra from 2005 to 2008 and still maintains a website for Ad Astra Online at Space.com replacing the previous publisher.
 The Zoya Factor is a novel written by Anuja Chauhan published by HarperCollins India in 2008. It is about a Rajput girl named Zoya Singh Solanki who meets the Indian Cricket Team through her job as an executive in an advertising agency and ends up becoming a lucky charm for the team for the 2010 Cricket World Cup. Writer Anuja Chauhan started working on her debut novel in 2006 writing during her spare time.
 Hanasakeru Seishōnen (花咲ける青少年) is a manga series written and illustrated by Natsumi Itsuki. Set in the modern era the story follows the path to romance of fourteen-year-old Kajika Burnsworth daughter of powerful industrialist Harry Burnsworth owner of the Burnsworth international conglomerate giant.
 Car Craft is a magazine devoted to automobiles hot rodding and drag racing. It is published by Source Interlink Media. It was first established in 1953. The magazine publishes articles that help car crafters from the novice to expert level such as rebuilding a carburetor.The motto of the magazine is Loud Fast Real which emphasizes its more budget-oriented approach to automobile building.
 The Casino Murder Case is a 1934 novel written by S. S. Van Dine in the series about fictional detective Philo Vance. In this outing a murder investigation is connected with a private casino on New York's upper west side and the wealthy and unorthodox family that operates it. It was adapted into a film in 1935.
 The Calcutta Chromosome is a 1995 English-language novel by Indian author Amitav Ghosh. The book for the most part set in Calcutta at some unspecified time in the future is a medical thriller that dramatizes the adventures of apparently disconnected people who are brought together by a mysterious turn of events. The book is loosely based on the life and times of Sir Ronald Ross the Nobel Prize winning scientist who achieved a breakthrough in malaria research in 1898.
 Swordswoman Riding West on White Horse is a wuxia novella by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It was first published in 1961 in Hong Kong in the newspaper Ming Pao. The novella marks the only time Jin Yong featured a female protagonist in all his works.
 The School Library Journal is a monthly magazine with articles and reviews for school librarians media specialists and public librarians who work with young people. Articles cover a wide variety of topics with a focus on technology and multimedia. Reviews are included for preschool to 4th grade grades 5 and up and teens. Both fiction and non-fiction titles are reviewed as are graphic novels multimedia and digital resources.
 The Archaeological Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal for archaeological and architectural reports and articles. It was established in 1844 by the British Archaeological Association as a quarterly journal but was taken over by the British Archaeological Institute (nowadays known as the Royal Archaeological Institute) in 1845 and remained published by them ever since. The journal has been published annually since 1927.
 Skull Man (スカルマン Sukaru Man) is a shōnen manga series created by Shotaro Ishinomori which first appeared in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 1970 and immediately caused a sensation. It has sold over 1.5 million copies.[citation needed] The hero of the story whose parents have been murdered grows up to use his peculiar powers to take revenge. The original Skull Man was one of the first antiheroes to be seen in manga someone who would sacrifice the lives of innocents in his quest for vengeance.
 Elegy for Sam Emerson is a novel by the American writer Hilary Masters set in pre-9/11 Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The novel tells the story of Sam Emerson proprietor of an upscale Mount Washington restaurant with stunning views of the three rivers below.
 The Unknown is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by D. R. Bensen and illustrated by Edd Cartier the second of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine Unknown of the 1930s-40s. It was first published in paperback by Pyramid Books in April 1963.
 Star Wars and History is a book published on November 1 2012 edited by Janice Liedl and Nancy R. Reagin.The book officially authorized by Lucasfilm discusses how the epic film series Star Wars borrowed elements from various Earth histories.
 Introduction to Kant's Anthropology is an introductory essay to Michel Foucault's translation of Immanuel Kant's 1798 book Anthropology from a Pragmatic Point of View - a textbook deriving from lectures he delivered annually between 1772/73 and 1795/96. Both works together served as his secondary thesis (his major being Madness and Insanity: History of Madness in the Classical Age) although Foucault's translation of the Anthropology was published separately by Vrin in 1964.
 The Leader-Post is the daily newspaper of Regina Saskatchewan Canada and now a member of the Postmedia Network.
 Green Lantern: Evil's Might is a three-issue American comic book mini-series published in 2002 by DC Comics in that company's Elseworlds imprint. It is written by Howard Chaykin and David Tischman and illustrated by the late Marshall Rogers.The story takes place in 1888 in New York City and uses the infamous Boss Tweed as one of the main villains and Tammany Hall political machine as a plot device.
 Calling You (きみにしか聞こえない Kimi ni Shika Kikoenai) is a Japanese fictional short story collection written by Otsuichi and published on May 31 2001 by Kadokawa Shoten. All three stories in Calling You are stories focused on unusual friendships with a supernatural twist. In December 2003 a manga adaptation written and illustrated by Setsuri Tsuzuki was published by Kadokawa. The Calling You manga only includes the first two stories of the novel and makes some changes to both of those stories.
 Apple Daily is a Hong-Kong-based tabloid-style newspaper founded in 1995 by Jimmy Lai Chee Ying and is published by its company Next Media. A sister publication carrying the same name is published in Taiwan Republic of China under a joint venture between Next Media and other Taiwanese companies.
 Le Sang noir (literally Black Blood; translated as Bitter Victory) is a 1935 novel by Louis Guilloux that has been described as a prefiguration of Sartre's La Nausée because of its concentration on the psychological alienation of an individual.
 The Yellow Journal is a student-run humor publication at The University of Virginia. Similar to Harvard's Harvard Lampoon The Yellow Journal is the longest-running though not continuously published humor and satire publication at Jefferson's university. The Yellow Journal's overarching outlook was summarized early on by the New York Times which in a 1913 edition wrote The Yellow Journal [...] did not spare individuals events or institutions in its ridicule and quips.
 Harnessing Peacocks is the third novel by Mary Wesley published in 1985 when the author was 73 years old. In 1992 it was adapted for television.
 Masters of Time is a collection of two science fiction novellas by author A. E. van Vogt. It was first published in 1950 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 4034 copies. The novellas originally appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 Hangman Comics was the name of an American anthology comic book series published by MLJ Magazines Inc. more commonly known as MLJ Comics for seven issues between Spring 1942 and Fall 1943. It featured MLJs costumed vigilante The Hangman and Boy Buddies featuring Shield's partner 'Dusty the Boy Detective' and Wizard's side-kick 'Roy the Superboy' throughout the series.
 Folklore of Assam is a comprehensive book on Assamese folklore authored by Jogesh Das. The book was published by National Book Trust in 1972. The book is a part of the Folklore of India series. The book is originally written in English and then in other Indian languages.
 Mystery of Crocodile Island is the fifty-fifth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1978 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 Lake Effect is a literary journal based at the Erie campus of Penn State University. It was first Published in 1996.
 Waiting for Godot (/ˈɡɒdoʊ/ GOD-oh) is an absurdist play by Samuel Beckett in which two characters Vladimir and Estragon wait endlessly and in vain for the arrival of someone named Godot. Godot's absence as well as numerous other aspects of the play have led to many different interpretations since the play's 1953 premiere. It was voted the most significant English language play of the 20th century.
 The Underdog (1999) is the first novel by Australian young-adult fiction writer Markus Zusak. Along with Fighting Ruben Wolfe and When Dogs Cry The Underdog was published in the United States in 2011 as part of the anthology Underdogs.
 The RAND Journal of Economics (usually called Rand Journal or simply Rand ) is a scholarly journal of economics published quarterly by the RAND Corporation. It is a leading journal in the field of industrial organization. The purpose of the Rand Journal is to support and encourage research in the behavior of regulated industries the economic analysis of organizations and more generally applied microeconomics. The journal publishes both theoretical and empirical papers.
 Halsbury's Laws of England is a uniquely comprehensive and authoritative encyclopaedia of law and provides the only complete narrative statement of law in England and Wales. It has an alphabetised title scheme covering all areas of law drawing on authorities including Acts of the United Kingdom Measures of the Welsh Assembly UK case law and European law. It is written by or in consultation with experts in the relevant field.Halsbury's Laws has an annual and monthly updating service.
 The Canadian Journal of Chemistry (fr. Revue canadienne de chimie) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by NRC Research Press. Papers are loaded to the web in advance of the printed issue and are available in both pdf and HTML formats.
 Scherzo with Tyrannosaur is a science fiction short story published in 1999 by Michael Swanwick. It won the 2000 Hugo Award for Best Short Story and was nominated for the 2000 Locus Poll Asimov's Reader Poll and Nebula Award.
 Nature Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Nature Publishing Group. It was established in April 2009. The editor-in-chief is Stuart Cantrill. The journal covers all aspects of chemistry. Publishing formats include primary research articles reviews news views highlights of notable research from other journals commentaries book reviews correspondence.
 Game Change: Obama and the Clintons McCain and Palin and the Race of a Lifetime is a book by political journalists John Heilemann and Mark Halperin about the 2008 United States presidential election. Released on January 11 2010 it was also published in the United Kingdom under the title Race of a Lifetime: How Obama Won the White House. The book is based on interviews with more than 300 people involved in the campaign.
 The Watertower (ISBN 9781863743204) is a 1994 children's picture book by the author Gary Crew and illustrated by Steven Woolman. It takes place in a small rural town called Preston. The book explores bizarre fantasy. The illustrations for the water tower use a combination of chalk and pencil on black paper and acrylic paint on textured board. The book follows the codes and conventions of a subgenre of science fiction known as gothic science fiction.
 Inadmissible Evidence is a play written by John Osborne in November 1964. It was also filmed in 1968.The protagonist of the play is William Maitland a 39-year-old English solicitor who has come to hate his entire life. Much of the play consists of lengthy monologues in which Maitland tells the audience about his life a life he now regards as an utter failure.
 Colombe is a play in four acts by French dramatist Jean Anouilh written in 1950 created at the Théâtre de l'Atelier on February 10 1951 in a mise-en-scène set and costumes by André Barsacq and published in 1951 at Éditions de la Table ronde in Pièces brillantes.
 Bird Watching (ISSN 0269-1434) is a British four-weekly (13 issues per year) magazine for birdwatchers established in March 1986.
 Fearless A Novel of Sarah Bowman is a 1998 novel of historical fiction by Lucia St. Clair Robson. The novel tells how Sarah Bowman arrived in Corpus Christi Texas in 1845 to work as a laundress for the army that Zachary Taylor had assembled to invade Mexico in the Mexican-American War. Sarah Bowman was a historical figure and much of what is depicted in this novel is based on actual accounts of incidents.
 The North Jefferson News is a newspaper based in Gardendale Alabama. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings and is published weekly on Wednesdays.The North Jefferson News was founded in 1970 as a weekly newspaper.
 The Musical Times is an academic journal of classical music edited and produced in the United Kingdom and currently the oldest such journal still being published in that country. Originally published as The Musical Times and Singing Class Circular from 1844 until 1903 its title was shortened to its present name. The journal originally appeared monthly but is now a quarterly publication. It is also available online at JSTOR. Past editors include Stanley Sadie (1967–1987) and Eric Wen.
 The Journal of Regional Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. Established in 1958 it was the first journal in the field of Regional science. The current editors-in-chief are Marlon G. Boarnet (University of Southern California) Steven Brakman (University of Groningen) Mark D. Partridge (The Ohio State University) and Gianmarco I.P. Ottaviano (The London School of Economics and Political Science).
 Okyeame was a literary magazine founded by the Writers Workshop in Ghana in the post-independence era which saw the rapid rise of a new generation of thinkers writers and poets. The first of Okyeame issue appeared in 1960. Inspired by Ghana's then Prime Minister Kwame Nkrumah the publication sought to explore the experiences of Africa from a new intellectual framework.
 Life and Death in Shanghai is an autobiography published in November 1987 by Nien Cheng (Chinese: 鄭念; pinyin: Zhèng Niàn) from exile in the United States which details Cheng's six-year imprisonment during the Cultural Revolution.The book tells the story of Cheng's arrest during the first days of the Cultural Revolution her imprisonment release persecution efforts to leave China and early life in exile.Cheng was arrested in late 1966 after Red Guards looted her home.
 The Help is a 2009 novel by American author Kathryn Stockett. The story is about African-American maids working in white households in Jackson Mississippi during the early 1960s.A USA Today article called it one of the summer sleeper hits. An early review in The New York Times notes Stockett's affection and intimacy buried beneath even the most seemingly impersonal household connections and says the book is a button-pushing soon to be wildly popular novel.
 Coin Locker Babies (コインロッカー・ベイビーズ Koinrokkā Beibīzu) 1980) is a novel by Ryu Murakami about coin-operated-locker babies translated into English by Stephen Snyder. The translation was published in 1995 by Kodansha (講談社 Kōdansha) International Ltd and republished in 2013 by Pushkin Press.
 Counter-Revolutionary Violence – Bloodbaths in Fact & Propaganda is a book written by Noam Chomsky and Edward S. Herman with a preface by Richard A. Falk. It is a critique of United States foreign policy in Indochina with significant focus on countries like Vietnam. It includes sections on the My Lai Massacre Operation Speedy Express and the Phoenix Program. It was published by Warner Modular Publications Inc. a subsidiary of Warner Communications in 1973.
 Glasul Basarabiei (English: The Voice of Bessarabia) was a newspaper from Chişinău Bessarabia founded by Grigore Constantinescu in 1913.
 Bride of Deimos (悪魔の花嫁 Deimosu no Hanayome) is a Japanese manga series illustrated by Yuho Ashibe and written by Etsuko Ikeda. It was adapted into an anime directed by Rintaro. It was published in the United States by ComicsOne.
 A Gnome There Was is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore published under their Lewis Padgett pseudonym by Simon & Schuster in 1950. No other editions were issued.
 Microbiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in all aspects of microbiology including the biochemistry cell biology molecular biology developmental biology physiology pathogenicity biodiversity evolution and genetics of microorganisms and viruses. It also covers plant–microbe interactions and environmental and theoretical microbiology.
 AGNI is an American literary magazine that publishes poetry fiction essays reviews interviews and artwork twice a year in print and biweekly online from its home at Boston University. Its editor is Sven Birkerts the literary critic and essayist; its senior editor is William Pierce.
 Polite is a semi-regular general interest and humor magazine published in the United States. Its tagline is Generally interesting.
 Chelsea was a small American twice-a-year literary magazine based in New York City. The influential journal edited for many years by Sonia Raiziss published poetry prose book reviews and translations with an emphasis on translations art and cross-cultural exchange.
 The Hull Daily Mail is a daily newspaper for Kingston upon Hull in the East Riding of Yorkshire. It is the largest selling regional newspaper in Yorkshire. The Hull Daily Mail has been circulated in various guises since 1885. The Hull Daily Mail publishes a second edition the East Riding Mail covering East Yorkshire outside of the city of Hull.The paper is published by Mail News & Media.
 In Search of Our Origins: How the Quran Can Help in Scientific Research is a research based non-fiction book written by Jamshed Akhtar.The author is involved in the study of revealed knowledge contained in the Qur'an and other religious scriptures for last several years. In the present book he presents several pointers from the epistemological study of the Qur'an on the origin of life and man.
 The Field of Life and Death (simplified Chinese: 生死场; traditional Chinese: 生死場; pinyin: Shēng sǐ chǎng) is a modern Chinese novel written by Xiao Hong first published in complete form in 1935. Along with Tales of Hulan River it is generally regarded as one of Xiao Hong's most successful works.Set in a village near the city of Harbin the novel examines the difficulties of peasant life during the 1920s and early 1930s and in particular the suffering of women.
 La Crónica del Quindío (English: The Chronicle of the Quindío) is a regional daily newspaper based in Armenia Colombia and founded in 1991. It mostly services the Coffee-Growers Axis region of Colombia.
 One Man Two Guvnors is a play by Richard Bean an English adaptation of Servant of Two Masters (Italian: Il servitore di due padroni) a 1743 Commedia dell'arte style comedy play by the Venetian playwright Carlo Goldoni. The play replaces the Italian period setting of the original with Brighton in 1963. The play opened at the National Theatre in 2011 toured in the UK and then opened in the West End in November 2011 with a subsequent Broadway opening in April 2012.
 Estuaries and Coasts is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media and the official journal of the Coastal and Estuarine Research Federation. It was established in 1960 as Chesapeake Science by Romeo J. Mansueti covering research results and management studies on natural resources of the Chesapeake Bay region. In 1977 the journal was acquired by the Coastal and Estuarine Research Federation and in 1978 it was renamed Estuaries.
 The Twenty-Second Day is a 2007 novel by Muhammad Aladdin and has been published by ِEl-'Ain Publishing House in Egypt.
 Death and Memory in Early Medieval Britain is an archaeological study of mnemonic elements in the funerary practices of Early Medieval Britain written by the British archaeologist Howard Williams.The book was first published by Cambridge University Press as part of their series Cambridge Studies in Archaeology in 2006#
 Yavana Rani (Tamil:யவன ராணி) is a Tamil language historical novel written by Sandilyan. Its title translates to Greek Queen in English. The story is based on ancient Tamil poetry. It is a love story set around 2000 years ago focusing on the Commander-in-chief of the Chola Army. The story takes place during the period of Karikalan one of the greatest kings of the Early Cholas.
 Hordaland is a local newspaper published in Voss Norway. It is published three days a week and covers Ulvik Granvin Vaksdal and Modalen in addition to Voss. The chief editor is Sigmund Midttun.Established in 1883 it was affiliated with the Liberal Party of Norway. The party ties were abolished in 1972.It has a circulation of 9600 of whom 8726 are subscribers.It is published by Hordaland Bladdrift AS which is in turn owned by private persons.
 The Huddersfield Daily Examiner is an English local daily evening newspaper covering Huddersfield and its surrounding areas.
 Founders at Work: Stories of Startups' Early Days (2007) is a book written by Jessica Livingston composed of interviews she did with the founders of famous technology companies concerning what happened in their early years.
 Love and Death on Long Island is a novella written by Gilbert Adair and first published in 1990.
 The Enemy's Cosmetique (French: Cosmétique de l'ennemi) is the tenth novel written by Belgian female author Amélie Nothomb. It was also the tenth book published by Albin Michel. It was first published in 2001.
 The Hundred and One Dalmatians or the Great Dog Robbery is a 1956 children's novel by Dodie Smith about the robbery of the titular family of 101 Dalmatian dogs. A sequel entitled The Starlight Barking continues from the end of the first novel.At a dinner party attended by the Dearly couple Cruella de Vil expresses her dislike for animals; subsequently the couple's new Dalmatian puppies disappear.
 The Peasant Marey (Russian: Мужик Марей) written in 1876 is both the best-known autobiographical account from the Writer's Diary of Fyodor Dostoyevsky and frequently anthologized as a work of fiction.
 Invitation to Murder is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as Will to Murder in the August 1953 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Men Out published by the Viking Press in 1954.
 Free Fall is the fourth novel of English novelist William Golding first published in 1959. Written in the first person it is a self-examination by an English painter Samuel Mountjoy held in a German POW camp during World War Two.
 Honoured Enemy (or Honored Enemy in the US) is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and William R. Forstchen. Honoured Enemy is the first book written in the Legends of the Riftwar and is the only one of the series to be coauthored by William R. Forstchen. The story is set in the fantasy world of Midkemia which is the world used for the majority of Raymond E.
 Celluloid Heroes is a play by David Williamson about the Australian film industry. It was written to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Nimrod Theatre and is not one of his highly regarded plays. Williamson later called it:A bad play which didn't create characters that were complex enough to last the distance after interval. Part of the problem was that I felt I was writing to order...
 Unleashing Nepal Revised edition is a 2013 non-fiction book by Sujeev Shakya. Closing out an eventful decade in which the centuries-old institution of monarchy Nepal was replaced by an elected government Shakya connects the history of Nepal to the current economic situation and its implications.
 Escape to Last Man Peak is a popular Jamaican novel written by Jamaican author Jean D'Costa. First published in 1975 it chronicles the adventure of ten orphans who embark on a dangerous journey across Jamaica from Spanish Town St. Catherine to Last Man Peak located near Falmouth Trelawny after a deadly pneumonia epidemic kills the caretakers of their orphanage and propels the country into a state of anarchy and desolation.
 A History of Philosophy is an eleven-volume history of Western philosophy written by English Jesuit priest Frederick Charles Copleston.Copleston's History provides extensive coverage of Western philosophy from the Pre-Socratics through Dewey Russell Moore Sartre and Merleau-Ponty.
 From Potter's Field is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell. It is the sixth book in the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series.
 The Shallows: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains published in the United Kingdom as The Shallows: How the Internet Is Changing the Way We Think Read and Remember is a 2010 book by American journalist Nicholas G. Carr. The book expands on the themes first raised in Is Google Making Us Stupid? Carr's 2008 essay in The Atlantic and explores the effects of the Internet on the brain. The Shallows was a finalist for the 2011 Pulitzer Prize in General Nonfiction.
 This Is Life is a 2012 novel from British author Dan Rhodes.
 The novelization of the film Star Trek was written in 2009 by Alan Dean Foster who had also written novelizations of Star Trek: The Animated Series.Paramount moved the film's release from December 2008 to May 2009 as the studio felt more people would see the film during summer than winter. The film was practically finished by the end of 2008 and this allowed Foster to watch the whole film before writing the novelization although the novel contains scenes absent from the film's final edit.
 TransWorld Motocross (TWMX) is a magazine that covers motocross and motocross racing. The magazine was launched in 2000.The magazine's content includes; racing event coverage freestyle motocross bike maintenance riding tips and product reviews.TransWorld Motocross is a Transworld Media brand which also publishes the magazines TransWorld SURF TransWorld SKATEboarding and Transworld SNOWBOARDING. In 2013 most of the Transworld titles were sold by Bonnier to Source Interlink Media.
 The International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in geriatric psychiatry.
 Chemistry Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Chemical Society of Japan. It specializes in the rapid publication of reviews and letters on all areas of chemistry. The editor-in-chief is Mitsuhiko Shionoya (University of Tokyo). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.594.
 The Swindon Advertiser (colloquially known by locals as 'the Adver') is a daily tabloid newspaper published in Swindon.
 Mokke (もっけ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Takatoshi Kumakura. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Afternoon Season Zoukan on August 2000. The magazine was suspended after its 14th issue and the manga continued its serialization from the March 2003 issue of Afternoon magazine.
 I Think I'll Just Curl Up and Die! is a young adult novel by Rosie Rushton. It is the second book in her Leehampton series. It was first published in 1995 by Piccadilly Press Ltd.
 The King of the Sea (original title: Il re del mare) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari published in 1906. It features his most famous character Sandokan.
 Torque magazine is a monthly motorsport magazine which is published by The Race Drivers Academy in the United Kingdom. It was first released in September 2008. The magazine's tag line is that it is 'By Drivers For Drivers'. The magazine is written solely by racing drivers and includes interviews guest columnists and articles written by other racing drivers.
 The Firebird Rocket is Volume 57 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.The book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Vincent Buranelli in 1978.
 Decipher (first published in 2001) is a speculative fiction novel by Stel Pavlou (1970–present) published in 2001 in England by Simon and Schuster and 2002 in the United States by St. Martin's Press. It is published in many languages with some significant title changes. The Italian and Russian editions have the title Il codice di Atlantide (The Atlantis Code) while the German edition is called Code Zero.
 Sleeping Freshmen Never Lie is a 2005 young adult novel by David Lubar. It is a story about the high school experiences of a fourteen-year-old boy named Scott Hudson. The book was one of the ALA's book picks for 2006.
 Dark Road is a 2013 play written by Ian Rankin and Mark Thomson. It made its world premiere at the Royal Lyceum Theatre Edinburgh in September 2013 and is expected to embark on a UK tour in 2014.
 Moonraker is the third novel by British author Ian Fleming featuring the fictional British Secret Service agent Commander James Bond. The book was first published by Jonathan Cape on 5 April 1955 bearing a cover based on Fleming's own concept.
 The Ring (often called The Ring Magazine) is an American boxing magazine that was first published in 1922 as a boxing and wrestling magazine. As the sporting legitimacy of professional wrestling came more into question The Ring shifted to becoming exclusively a boxing oriented publication. The magazine is currently owned by Oscar De La Hoya's Golden Boy Enterprises.
 The Iron Dragon's Daughter is a 1993 novel by writer Michael Swanwick that combines fantasy and science fiction. The dark and nihilistic tale follows Jane a changeling girl who slaves at a dragon factory building part-magical part-cybernetic monsters that are used as jet fighters; until she crosses paths with an old rusted dragon named Melanchthon and escapes.The Iron Dragon's Daughter was nominated for the Arthur C.
 Yonder is the second anthology of short stories by Charles Beaumont published in April of 1958. The volume is out of print but reasonably available.
 The Mexican Dream Or The Interrupted Thought of Amerindian Civilizations is the English translation of an essay written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Ryūrōden (龍狼伝 lit. Legend of Dragon and Wolf) translated as Legend of the Dragon's Son is a historical fantasy manga by Yoshito Yamahara. It was serialized by Kodansha in Monthly Shōnen Magazine from 1993 to 2007 and collected in 37 tankōbon volumes; in 2005 it was reprinted in 10 bunkoban volumes. In 1997 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen manga.
 Conceive Magazine is a health and lifestyle publication that provides information about women's health and fertility about various methods of conception (natural alternative assisted and high-tech) and about adoption. Conceive offers information and support to women interested in starting or expanding their families. The content also includes articles on nutrition exercise emotional wellbeing sex and relationship issues. The magazine also covers early (first trimester) pregnancy.
 Abeng (Ä běng) is a novel related to Maroons published in 1984 by Michelle Cliff. It is a quasi-autobiographical novel about a mixed-race Jamaican girl named Clare Savage growing up in the 1950s. It explores the historical repression resulting from British imperialism in Jamaica. Facts regarding imperialism of the island are dispersed throughout the narrative as well as facts about slavery in Jamaica and Jamaican folklore.
 The Kronen Zeitung commonly known as the Krone is Austria's largest newspaper. Its political positioning is social right wing and economic left wing. The Kronen Zeitung has often been accused of abusing its near monopoly to manipulate public opinion in Austria. Its many critics blame its populist style and emphasis on the topic of immigration for allegedly spreading fear and hatred among its readers. The paper is also known for being very Eurosceptic.
 Before the Fantastic Four: Ben Grimm and Logan is the first of three mini-series from Marvel Comics (the other two being Before the Fantastic Four: Reed Richards and Before the Fantastic Four: The Storms) showing adventures the core members of the Fantastic Four had in the days before they received their powers. This particular miniseries depicted a team-up between Logan (before he became Wolverine) and Ben Grimm (before he became The Thing).
 Ricerche di Pedagogia e Didattica: Journal of Theories and Research in Education is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal established in 2006. It is published by the Department of Education science of the University of Bologna. It covers education theories and pedagogy.
 Tempted is the sixth book in The It Girl series released in 2008. It was written by a ghostwriter with suggestions from Cecily von Ziegesar. Aimed toward young adults it is a spin-off from the bestselling Gossip Girl series.
 Madman's Drum is the second wordless novel by American artist Lynd Ward (1905–1985) published in 1930. In 118 images it tells the story of a slave trader who murders an African and steals the victim's demon-faced drum and the tragic consequences it has for his family.The book was executed in wood engravings and was the second of Ward's six wordless novels after 1929's Gods' Man.
 Our Island Story: A Child's History of England is a book by Henrietta Elizabeth Marshall first published in 1905 in London by T. C. & E. C.
 Neurotherapeutics is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on experimental treatments of neurological disorders. It was established in 2004 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics. The editor-in-chief is Alan I. Faden (University of Maryland School of Medicine).
 Core Python Programming is a textbook on the Python programming language written by Wesley J. Chun. The first edition of the book was released on December 14 2000. The second edition was released several years later on September 18 2006. Core Python Programming is targeted mainly at higher education students and IT professionals.With each printing the book is updated and errors are corrected.
 Gitanjali (Bengali: গীতাঞ্জলি) is a collection of poems by the Indian poet Rabindranath Tagore. The original Bengali collection of 157 poems was published on August 14 1910. The English Gitanjali or Song Offerings is a collection of 103 English poems of Tagore's own English translations of his Bengali poems first published in November 1912 by the India Society of London.
 The Theory of Capitalist Development is a 1942 book by Paul Sweezy who offers a statement and defense of the labor theory of value. Sweezy has been criticized for his alleged misrepresentations of Karl Marx's economic theories.
 Poison (2003) is a young-adult English-language fantasy novel written by Chris Wooding published in 2003. It is a highly metafictional novel which follows the adventures of a young (sixteen-year-old) female protagonist named Poison as she attempts to rescue her sister from the Phaerie Realm. It contains many intertextual references particularly to mythology fairy tales and secondary world fantasy (i.e.
 Generation Dead is a young adult supernatural romance novel by Daniel Waters. The book is a modern reworking of the zombie genre of fiction. It follows a girl named Phoebe and her best friends Margi and Adam whose world has been left baffled by a strange phenomenon – dead teenagers not staying dead. For reasons unknown a small number of the teenaged dead are returning to 'life'.
 Zero Hour (originally published as Fahnenjunker Volkenborn) is an autobiographical war novel by German author Georg Grabenhorst. The book was initially published in Leipzig Germany in 1928 and was translated into English the following year. Zero Hour was later re-published by the University of South Carolina Press in 2006 with an introduction by Robert Cowley.The book has been compared to All Quiet on the Western Front.
 From the New World (新世界より Shin Sekai Yori) is a Japanese novel by Yusuke Kishi originally published in 2008 by Kodansha. It received the 29th Nihon SF Taisho Award. The novel has received a manga adaptation in Kodansha's Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine which began serialization in May 2012 and an anime television series adaptation by A-1 Pictures which aired in Japan between September 2012 and March 2013.
 JAMA Neurology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Medical Association. It was established in 1960 as Archives of Neurology and obtained its current name in 2013. The journal publishes research on the nervous system as well as the various mechanisms of neurological disease.
 The Only Snow in Havana is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Elizabeth Hay first published in September 1992 by Cormorant Books. In the book the author chronicles an eight-year sojourn in which she traveled to Mexico and through Cuba and Latin America settling in New York until her return to Ottawa in 1992. Hay was homesick throughout her time away and every new experience of her travels invoked reflections of home which she recorded in her journal.
 Man of Many Faces (20面相におねがい!! Nijū Mensō ni Onegai!! lit. 20 Faces Please!!) is a manga by CLAMP about a nine-year-old boy named Akira Ijyuin who steals beautiful and valuable objects to please his two mothers and is known to the public as the dashing clever thief named the Man of 20 Faces.
 The Journal of Medical Toxicology is a peer-reviewed medical journal on medical toxicology and the official journal of the American College of Medical Toxicology. It publishes original articles illustrative cases review articles and other special features that are related to the clinical diagnosis and management of patients with exposure to various poisons. It was established in 2005 and published by the University of Pennsylvania Press.
 Folksblat ('People's Newspaper') was a Yiddish language daily published in Uruguay 1931-1964. It had a Zionist orientation.The newspaper was founded as Der tog ('The Day'). It was the first Jewish daily newspaper in the country. Its offices were located at 1911 Andes in downtown Montevideo. Berl Reznicovich and Moisés Orzuj were the editors of Der tog.In 1933 it changed name to Der uruguayer tog ('The Uruguayan Day'). In 1935 it took the name Folksblat.
 Go Tell It on the Mountain is a 1953 semi-autobiographical novel by James Baldwin. The novel examines the role of the Christian Church in the lives of African-Americans both as a source of repression and moral hypocrisy and as a source of inspiration and community. It also more subtly examines racism in the United States.In 1998 the Modern Library ranked Go Tell It on the Mountain 39th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
 Death from a Top Hat (1938) is a locked-room mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson.It is the first of four mysteries featuring The Great Merlini a stage magician and Rawson's favorite protagonist. In a poll of 17 detective story writers and reviewers this novel was voted as the seventh best locked room mystery of all time.
 Falling Onto Mars is a science fiction short story written in 2002 by Geoffrey A. Landis. It won the 2003 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
 The Hundred Brothers is a 1997 novel by American author Donald Antrim. The substance of the novel consists of the nocturnal reunion of one hundred brothers in the library of their ancestral home as they attempt to locate and inter the ashes of their deceased father an insane monarch drink heavily and manifest a variety of mildly homicidal sibling rivalries. The novel was a finalist for the PEN/Faulkner Award in 1998.
 Perfect Combination or Perfect Combination: Seven Key Ingredients to Happily Living & Loving Together is a self-help book by authors Jamillah and David Lamb focused on romantic relationships.
 Netzeitung was a German online newspaper produced in Berlin until 2009. On 4 January 2010 netzeitung.de had been converted into an automated portal displaying contents from nachrichten.de (an online news portal operated by Tomorrow Focus).Netzeitung had claimed to be the first German newspaper that was completely online and to have been the most cited news source in Germany in 2005.
 The American Eagle later known also as Murray Eagle and The Green Sheet was a newspaper that covered central Salt Lake Valley especially the city of Murray Utah. The beginnings of The American Eagle of Murray Utah are shrouded in mystery. The newspaper may have been published as early as 1891 as the American. Other sources list 1896 as the beginning publication date before Murray was incorporated in 1903. The first known editor was Martin A. Willumsen.
 Material Puzzle (マテリアル・パズル) is a 2002 Japanese manga by Masahiro Totsuka. In Japan there are currently twenty volumes out. However the manga has yet to be translated into English.The manga is a parody manga and is constantly making fun out of the typical shōnen manga. For example it uses candy for weapons and over stretched scenes where characters die then come back to life again.
 Vjosa is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Poetry Kanto ポエトリ関東 is a Japan-based English and Japanese bilingual poetry print journal founded and originally edited by award-winning translator William I. Elliott and internationally acclaimed poet Shuntarō Tanikawa.
 Travels with My Cats is a fantasy/magic realism short story by Mike Resnick. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 2005 was nominated for the Nebula Award in 2004.
 Alaska Journal of Commerce is a weekly newspaper based in Anchorage Alaska.
 Babylon 5: Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – Armies of Light and Dark is a Babylon 5 novel by Peter David.
 The New York Atlas was a Sunday newspaper in New York City which was published from 1838 until the 1880s.The paper was founded as a Sunday-only paper in 1838 by Anson Herrick and Jesse A. Fell as the Sunday Morning Atlas. It began publication on August 12 1838. Frederick West soon joined as an editor and partner in the paper Fell departed and John F.
 The Lady of The Aroostook is a fiction book written by William Dean Howells in 1879. It was published in Cambridge Massachusetts by H. O. Houghton and Company.
 Derakht-e Asurig (meaning the Asurig tree in Persian) is a Parthian language poem from the Arscacid era.The poem is framed as a dialogue between a goat and a palm tree. It is one of the oldest existing texts in Arscacid Middle Persian and of the few remaining examples of the Parthian language.
 The New Despotism was a book written by The Rt. Hon. Lord Hewart of Bury Lord Chief Justice of England and published in 1929 by Ernest Benn Limited. Hewart described this new despotism as to subordinate Parliament to evade the Courts and to render the will or the caprice of the Executive unfettered and supreme.
 Player's Guide to Faerûn (ISBN 0-7869-3134-5) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Notes of Some Wanderings with the Swami Vivekananda (1913) is an English language book written by Sister Nivedita. In this book Nivedita has narrated the experiences she had while traveling with the Swami Vivekananda in different parts of India.
 Brynhild or The Show of Things is a 1937 novel by H. G. Wells.
 The Vanishings is the first book of forty in the Left Behind: The Kids series written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye in 1998. The plot for this book is based on the Left Behind series.This book tells how Judd Thompson Vicki Byrne Lionel Washington and Ryan Daley meet and realize there is hope after the massive disappearances. It starts with 16-year-old Judd who after being asked to bring in the mail finds a credit card that mistakenly has his name instead of his father's.
 The Road to San Vicente is a book by Leif Borthen about life in the tiny village of Sant Vicent de sa Cala in the far north east of the Spanish island of Ibiza. In 1933 Borthen had arrived in Ibiza and settled in the remote village along with René Paul Gauguin the grandson of the French artist Paul Gauguin.
 Black No More: Being an Account of the Strange and Wonderful Workings of Science in the Land of the Free AD 1933-1940 is a 1931 Harlem Renaissance era satire on American race relations by George S. Schuyler (pronounced Sky-ler). He targets both the KKK and NAACP in condemning the ways in which race functions as both an obsession and a commodity in early twentieth-century America.
 Vespers Rising is a part of The 39 Clues franchise which includes the 39 Clues books card packs and interactive online games. The book is a transition between the first series The 39 Clues and the second Cahills vs. Vespers. It was written by Rick Riordan Peter Lerangis Gordon Korman and Jude Watson. The book was released on April 5 2011. Unlike the other 10 books (with the exception of the last one) the title card shows a series of dots rather than a globe.
 Expert Opinion on Drug Safety is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles on all aspects of pharmacovigilance and original papers on the clinical implications of drug treatment safety issues. It was established in 2002 and is published by Informa. The editor-in-chief is Roger McIntyre (University of Toronto).
 River Boy is a young adult novel by Tim Bowler published by Oxford in 1997. It is the story of a teenage girl facing the prospect of bereavement. Bowler won the annual Carnegie Medal recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject. River Boy also won the 1999 Angus Book Award.Margaret K. McElderry Books (Simon & Schuster) published the first U.S. edition in 2000 (ISBN 0-689-82908-6).
 Already Dead is a 2005 pulp-noir / horror novel by Charlie Huston and published in 2005. This is the first of the Joe Pitt Casebooks.
 Destiny Times Three is an alternate timeline 1945 science fiction novel by Fritz Leiber. It first appeared in Astounding Science Fiction in March and April 1945. In 1952 it featured in Five Science Fiction Novels published by Gnome Press. Its first appearance as a standalone novel came in 1957 when published by Galaxy Science Fiction Novels.
 VarathabharathiAlso spelled as Vartha Baharathi or Vaartha Bhaarathi is a daily is a Kannada daily News paper (ಕನ್ನಡ ದಿನಪತ್ರಿಕೆ) from Mangalore and Bangalore.Varathabharathi (Kannada: ವಾತಾ೯ ಭಾರತಿ)in the Indian southern state Karnataka with a presence in the coastal region.
 To the Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei Star Trek's Mr. Sulu is an autobiography by actor George Takei first published by Pocket Books in 1994. Takei describes his early childhood and the time his family spent in Japanese American internment and experiences which shaped his motivation towards political activism.
 Psychological Types is Volume 6 in the Princeton / Bollingen edition of the The Collected Works of C. G. Jung. It was also published in the U.K. by Routledge. The original German language edition Psychologische Typen was first published by Rascher Verlag Zurich in 1921. Extensive detailed abstracts of each chapter are available online.In the book Jung categorized people into primary types of psychological function.
 Into the Blue: Family Secrets and the Search for a Great Lakes Shipwreck is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Andrea Curtis first published in April 2003 by Random House Canada. In the book the author narrates her family history and their connection to the 1906 shipwreck of the SS J.H. Jones lost to the late-November swells of Ontario's Georgian Bay claiming the lives of all on board.
 Eulalia! is the 19th book in the Redwall novel series by author Brian Jacques and illustrated by David Elliot. Eulalia (Victory) is also the war cry used by the fighting hares and badgers in the Redwall series. It comes from Weialala leia the lament of the Valkyries in Richard Wagner's opera Götterdämmerung as quoted by T. S. Eliot in The Waste Land.The novel was going to be released in 2006 (to continue the pattern that a new Redwall book is released every year) but was delayed.
 New African is an English-language monthly news magazine based in London. Published since 1966 it is read by many people across the African continent and the African diaspora. It claims to be the oldest pan-African monthly in English as well as the bestselling pan-African magazine. It is published by IC Publications which also publishes African Banker New African Woman and African Business (ISSN 0141-3929).
 Kannapolis Citizen is a newspaper based in Kannapolis North Carolina covering Cabarrus Mecklenburg and Rowan counties.
 The Cosmic Geoids and One Other is a collection of two science fiction novellas by author John Taine (pseudonym of Eric Temple Bell). It was first published in 1949 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1200 copies. The title novella is a loose sequel to Taine's novel The Time Stream and was later serialized in the magazine Spaceway in three parts beginning in December 1954.
 Plus is Joseph McElroy's fifth novel. Set in some unspecified future it tells the story of Imp Plus a disembodied brain controlling IMP the Interplanetary Monitoring Platform in earth orbit. The novel consists of Imp Plus's thoughts as he tries to comprehend his limited existence while struggling with language limited memories and communicating with Ground Control.
 Peruvazhiyambalam is a Malayalam novel written by Padmarajan. In 1978 it was adapted for a feature film also called Peruvazhiyambalam directed by Padmarajan. This novel is about teenager Raman who kills Prabhakaran Pillai a local thug in self-defense. It describes his escape from the village by the help of Prabhakaran Pillai's enemies and how he comes in terms with the life at the shelter provided by them.
 The Gathering is an allegorical Australian young adults' novel written by fantasy author Isobelle Carmody. The book was published by Puffin Books Australia in 1993 The Gathering has sold over 70 000 copies in Australia and New Zealand alone. The book was a joint recipient of the 1993 Children's Peace Literature Award and was also named Book of the Year in 1994 by the Children's Book Council of Australia.
 Pitcher Plants of the Old World is a two-volume monograph by Stewart McPherson on the pitcher plants of the genera Nepenthes and Cephalotus. It was published in May 2009 by Redfern Natural History Productions and covers all species known at the time. The work was edited by Alastair Robinson and Andreas Fleischmann.The monograph was followed in 2011 by New Nepenthes: Volume One a supplementary work covering the many Nepenthes taxa documented in the preceding few years.
 Skinny is the debut novel by Hungarian-Canadian author Ibi Kaslik first published by HarperCollins in May 2004. It appeared on the New York Times best sellers list for two consecutive weeks in 2008.
 The Alpine Journal is the yearly publication of the Alpine Club of London. It is the oldest mountaineering journal in the world.
 The Holy War Made by King Shaddai Upon Diabolus to Regain the Metropolis of the World Or The Losing and Taking Again of the Town of Mansoul is a 1682 novel by John Bunyan. This novel written in the form of an allegory tells the story of the town Mansoul. Though this town is perfect and bears the image of Shaddai (Almighty) it is deceived to rebel and throw off his gracious rule replacing it instead with the rule of Diabolus.
 Turpentine Jake is Linda Bannister and James E. Hurd Jr's epic play about the turpentiners African-American men who worked fourteen hours a day harvesting pine gum from the longleaf pines in the Florida Panhandle.
 The Senator was a popular 1890 comedic play by David D. Lloyd and Sydney Rosenfeld also made into a 1915 silent film.
 Inconstant Moon is a science fiction short story collection by American author Larry Niven that was published in 1973. Inconstant Moon is also a 1971 short story that is included in the collection. The title is a quote from the balcony scene in William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. The collection was assembled from the US collections The Shape of Space and All the Myriad Ways. The short story won the 1972 Hugo Award for best short story.
 German Studies Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal and an official publication of the German Studies Association that is published triannually. It was established in 1978 and publishes articles on the history literature culture and politics of German-speaking Europe.
 The Post-Star is a daily newspaper in Glens Falls New York. Its circulation is approximately 35000. It serves the counties of Warren Washington and Saratoga in New York State including the cities of Glens Falls and Saratoga Springs. It is the only daily newspaper published in Warren County. It competes with The Saratogian of Saratoga Springs and the Times Union of Albany for the Saratoga County market.
 Drive to the East is the second book in Harry Turtledove's Settling Accounts series of alternate history novels. It is set in an analog of World War II in North America fought between the United States and Confederate States. It was released in August 2005. It follows Return Engagement and precedes The Grapple in the tetralogy. It takes the Southern Victory Series Earth from 1942 to 1943.
 Regina's Song written by David and Leigh Eddings is a murder mystery novel with some fantasy themes present as well. The story takes place in Seattle Washington. The story involves the murder of an identical twin. Regina and Renata are so identical that after their infant footprint records are lost no one is certain which twin is which—even their own parents. Thus when one of the twins is raped and killed the authorities simply assume that it was the 'dominant' one: Regina.
 UnderSurface is the sixth book by American author Mitch Cullin with illustrations by Peter I. Chang. It was first published in September 2002 as a hardback edition from The Permanent Press.
 Shen Bao formerly transliterated as Shun Pao or Shen-pao (Chinese: 申報; Pinyin: Shēn Bào) known in English as Shanghai News was a newspaper published from April 30 1872 to May 27 1949 in Shanghai China. The name is short for Shenjiang Xinbao Shenjiang being a short form of Chunshen jiang the old name for the Huangpu River.The influence of the newspaper in early 20th century Shanghai was such that Shen Bao zhi literally Shen-pao paper became a generic term for newspaper or newsprint.
 By the North Gate is a collection of short stories by Joyce Carol Oates. It was the author's first book first published by Vanguard Press in 1963.It was last published in 1971 by Fawcett. Two stories in the collection Edge of the World and The Fine White Mist of Winter were later collected in her book Where are you Going Where have you Been?: Selected Early Stories (1993).
 Combatting Cult Mind Control: The #1 Best-selling Guide to Protection Rescue and Recovery from Destructive Cults is a non-fiction work by Steven Hassan. The author describes theories of mind control and cults based on the research of Margaret Singer and Robert Lifton as well as the cognitive dissonance theory of Leon Festinger.
 Propellants Explosives Pyrotechnics is a bi-monthly peer-reviewed chemistry journal that covers all disciplines of explosives. Its current impact factor is 1.245 (2012).PEP - how the journal is typically referred to in the energetic materials community - was founded in 1976 by Hiltmar Schubert then director of the Fraunhofer-Institut für Chemische Technologie (ICT) Pfinztal/Germany and Verlag Chemie/Weinheim.
 The Journal of Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on digestive diseases and nutrition in children.It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was established in 1982. The Journal of Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition is an official journal of the European Society for Paediatric Gastroenterology Hepatology and Nutrition and the North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology Hepatology and Nutrition.
 How to Make Money Like a Porn Star is the first graphic novel published by ReganBooks/HarperCollins written by New York Times bestselling author Neil Strauss and illustrated by artist Bernard Chang.
 The Secret River written by Kate Grenville in 2005 is a historical novel about an early 19th-century Englishman transported to Australia for theft. The story explores what may have happened when Europeans colonised land already inhabited by Aboriginal people. The book has been compared to Thomas Keneally's The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith and to Peter Carey's True History of the Kelly Gang for its style and historical theme.
 Air Battle Force is a 2003 thriller novel written by Dale Brown.
 Earth First! the radical environmental journal is the official publication of the Earth First! movement. First published as a newsletter in 1980 it has existed alongside the movement as a way to spread commonly held beliefs in Earth First! culture such as biocentrism deep ecology and direct action. The magazine is also commonly known as the Earth First! Journal.
 The Guilty (有罪 Yūzai) is a Japanese yaoi light novel series written by Katsura Izumi and illustrated by Hinako Takanaga. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released all 4 books of the series through its yaoi imprint Juné between October 21 2008 and July 8 2009.
 Wandering Stars is an anthology of Jewish fantasy and science fiction edited by Jack Dann originally published by Harper & Row in 1974.
 Look What I Found! is a 1980 Sesame Street storybook. Big Bird Ernie Bert Betty Lou the Count and Grover go on a nature hike and learn about their surroundings.
 Metabolic Engineering is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on production of fuels and chemicals using microorganisms and other biological systems. The journal specialises in quantitative analyses of metabolic pathways and their relationship to cell physiology in industrial and medical contexts.
 GodHand Teru (ゴッドハンド輝 Goddo Hando Teru) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kazuki Yamamoto. The manga was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine with the first chapter released in 2001 and the last chapter being serialized in 2011's issue 45 of Weekly Shōnen Magazine. The series is compiled of 62 tankōbon volumes.
 How I Taught My Grandmother to Read is a fictional narrative or a short story written by famous Indian prolific fiction author Sudha Murthy. This story was published in the book How I Taught My Grandmother to Read and Other Stories in the year 2004 by Penguin Books India. Later on this story was included in the Class 9 English Communicative CBSE Syllabus. This story narrates the incident where the author recalls that how she had taught her illiterate grandmother to read.
 Playing for Pizza is a short novel by John Grisham released on September 25 2007. The novel is about an itinerant American football player who can no longer get work in the National Football League and whose agent as a last resort signs a deal for him to play for the Parma Panthers in Parma Italy.
 The Journal of Recreational Mathematics is an American journal dedicated to recreational mathematics started in 1968. It has generally been published quarterly by the Baywood Publishing Company but the most recent issue released volume 36 number 3 is from 2007.
 Devi Chaudhurani (Bengali: দেবী চৌধুরানী) is a Bengali novel written by Bankim Chandra Chatterji and published in 1884. It was later translated to English by Subodh Chunder Mitter. Following closely after Anandamath Bankim Chandra renewed call for a resurgent India that fights against oppression of the British Empire with strength from within the common people based on traditional Indian values of austerity dedication and selflessness.
 Reviews of Human Factors and Ergonomics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of Ergonomics. It was established in 2005 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society. It is abstracted and indexed in Scopus.
 Infa-Kurjer is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 MM! (えむえむっ! Emu Emu!) is a Japanese light novel series by Akinari Matsuno with illustrations provided by the group QP:flapper made up of Tometa Ohara and Koharu Sakura. Media Factory published 12 novels under their MF Bunko J imprint between February 2007 and September 2010 including two side story volumes. The series was left unfinished due to the author's death on April 18 2011.
 Adventures With Rebbe Mendel is a series of children's books written by Nathan Sternfeld and published by Feldheim Publishers. The books belong to the Jewish children's fiction genre. The books were originally written in Hebrew. The English translations were done by Riva Pomerantz.
 Idoj de Orfeo (en:Children of Orpheus) is a novel written in Esperanto by Hendrik Bulthuis. It was published in 1923.
 The Journal of Lipid Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1959. Since 2000 it has been published by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. It covers research on lipids in health and disease including lipid function and the biochemical and genetic regulation of lipid metabolism. The journal also covers patient-oriented and epidemiological research.The journal is published in print and online. Its editors-in-chief are Edward A.
 Passage is a novel by Lois McMaster Bujold published in 2008. It is the third in the tetralogy The Sharing Knife.
 Lo! was the third published nonfiction work of the author Charles Fort (first edition 1931). In it he details a wide range of unusual phenomena. In the final chapter of the book he proposes a new cosmology that the earth is stationary in space and surrounded by a solid shell which is (in the book's final words) .. not unthinkably far away.
 The God of Animals is the debut novel by Aryn Kyle first published in 2007.
 Rationality and Power: Democracy in Practice is a 1998 book by Bent Flyvbjerg who focuses on the application of critical theory to urban and community development. Flyvbjerg tries to deploy a form of social science he developed in Making Social Science Matter (2001).
 Lirael (called Lirael: Daughter of the Clayr in some regions) is a fantasy novel by Garth Nix first published in 2001. Named for its central female character Lirael is the second in his Old Kingdom trilogy preceded by Sabriel and continued in Abhorsen.
 Never Surrender is a novel by Michael Dobbs based on historical events of the first few weeks of May 1940. It is a sequel to Dobbs' novel Winston's War which is based on the events surrounding the demise of Neville Chamberlain and the appointment of Winston Churchill as Prime Minister.“Churchill… is the greatest human being ever to occupy 10 Downing Street”. So concludes Roy Jenkins in his definitive biography of the great wartime leader.
 Mānoa (subtitled A Pacific Journal of International Writing) is a literary journal that includes American and international fiction poetry artwork interviews and essays of current cultural or literary interest. A notable feature of each issue is original translations of contemporary work from Asian and Pacific nations selected for each issue by a special guest editor.
 Eine Billion Dollar is a 2001 novel by German writer Andreas Eschbach. Its plot revolves around a young pizza driver from New York City who inherits a trillion US dollars from one of his ancestors who lived in 16th century Florence.
 Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners or The Brief Relation of the Exceeding Mercy of God in Christ to his Poor Servant John Bunyan is a Puritan spiritual autobiography written by John Bunyan. It was written while Bunyan was serving a twelve-year prison sentence in Bedford gaol for preaching without a license and was first published in 1666.
 Heat and Mass Transfer is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer. It serves the circulation of new developments in the field of basic research of heat and mass transfer phenomena as well as related material properties and their measurements. Thereby applications to engineering problems are promoted. The journal publishes original research reports.As of 1995 the title Wärme- und Stoffübertragung was changed to Heat and Mass Transfer.
 The Oxford Dictionary of Philosophy is a 1994 dictionary of philosophy by Simon Blackburn published by Oxford University Press.
 Mieru Hito (みえるひと lit. Divine Eye) is a supernatural manga series by Toshiaki Iwashiro (also the author of Psyren). It has been serialized in Japan by Shueisha in the manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump and in Formosa Youth a weekly Japanese language manga magazine created by Tong Li Publishing for Taiwan. The series is about the adventures of Myoujin who is a guide for spirits and Okegawa Himeno Myoujin's only living tenant.
 The Windsor Magazine was a monthly illustrated publication produced by Ward Lock & Co from January 1895 to September 1939 (537 issues). The title page described it as An Illustrated Monthly for Men and Women. It was bound as six-monthly volumes with the exception of Volume IV and Volume LXXXX (XC).
 The Golden Key is a 1996 fantasy novel co-written by authors Jennifer Roberson (who penned the story's first act) Melanie Rawn (author of the book's second section) and Kate Elliott (who finished the work).Set in what might loosely be described as an alternative Spain the novel traces a family of painters who by nature of their Gifts can influence events around them.
 A Child of the Jago is an 1896 novel by Arthur Morrison.
 Dawn was a 1990 novel started by V. C. Andrews and finished by Andrew Neiderman after her death. It is the first of five books in the Cutler series.
 Ransom is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in February 2004. The book is Steel's sixty-second novel.
 Maverick Jetpants in the City of Quality is a novel by American author Bill Peters published on October 9 2012 by Black Balloon Publishing. It was an editor's choice in The New York Times Sunday Book Review which claimed ... Bill Peters belongs in the ranks of serious literary artists. The book was also praised by Publishers Weekly as by turns funny and moving ...
 Beelzebub (べるぜバブ Beruzebabu) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Ryūhei Tamura that appears in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine. Beelzebub was first published in 2008 as a one-shot by Tamura in Weekly Shōnen Jump' volume 37-38 subsequently winning the fourth Gold Future Cup.
 Michael Jackson's Dangerous Liaisons is a book by the writer and paedophile activist Tom O'Carroll writing under the pen-name Carl Toms in which he reviews all-extensively the controversially intimate relationships of the American singer Michael Jackson with young boys. Published at 2010 in the United Kingdom by Troubador Publishing Ltd the book received pre-publication endorsements from five professors: D. J.
 The Country and the City is a book of cultural analysis by Raymond Williams which was first published in 1973.
 The Serpent Bride is a fantasy novel by Sara Douglass. It is the first novel the Darkglass Mountain trilogy and was published in 2007. The storyline is set after the events of The Axis Trilogy and The Wayfarer Redemption trilogy. A sequel was released in 2008 entitled The Twisted Citadel.
 The Demon Apostle is the third book in the first DemonWars Saga trilogy by R.A. Salvatore. The book is also the third out of seven books in the combined DemonWars Saga.
 A Walk in the Woods is a 1988 play by Lee Blessing. It depicts the developing relationship between two arms limitation negotiators one Russian and one American over a year of negotiation. The play was nominated for both a Tony award and a Pulitzer Prize.
 Globes (Hebrew: גלובס‎) is a Hebrew language daily evening financial newspaper published in Israel. It deals with economic issues and news from the Israeli and international business worlds and is the oldest financial newspaper in Israel. The color of the paper is pink inspired by the British Financial Times.According to TGI 2009 media survey Globes' market share rose 15% over the year to 4.4%.
 Transformers: Super-God Masterforce (トランスフォーマー 超神マスターフォース Toransufōmā: Chōjin Masutāfōsu) is a Japanese Transformers line of toys and anime series that ran from April 12 1988 to March 7 1989 for 42 episodes. On July 3 2006 the series was released on DVD in the UK and it was aired on AnimeCentral in the UK a few years later. In 2008 Madman Entertainment released the series on DVD in Australia in Region 4 PAL format. On May 1 2012 the series was released on DVD in the US.
 Videomaker is a magazine publication dedicated to video production. The magazine's publisher/editor Matthew York founded the publication with his wife Patrice York Associate Publisher to empower people to make video and to democratize and enrich television.
 Junior Stock: Drag Racing the Family Sedan is a 2012 book by author Doug Boyce. The book focuses on NHRA stock-class drag racing that took place between the years 1964 and 1971.This is the second book by Doug Boyce the first being the acclaimed Grumpy's Toys: The Authorized History of Grumpy Jenkins' Cars.
 The Enchanted Castle is a children's fantasy novel by Edith Nesbit first published in 1907.
 The Odessa American is a newspaper based in Odessa Texas that serves Odessa as well as the rest of Ector County.The newspaper has daily editions (for $0.75) and Sunday Editions (for $1.50). The paper is particularly notable for its Pulitzer Prize winning picture of Baby Jessica McClure when she was rescued from her well in neighboring Midland Texas.The American was owned by Freedom Communications until 2012 when Freedom papers in Texas were sold to AIM Media Texas.
 For the 1999 play of this title by Moira Buffini see Silence (1999 play).Silence is a short play by Harold Pinter first performed in 1969.
 The Gifts of the Child Christ is a collection of fairy tale short stories by 19th century Scottish author George MacDonald edited by Glenn Edward Sadler.
 To Control the Stars is a 1977 science fiction novel by US editor and writer Robert Hoskins first written as a story The Problem Makers and published in Galaxy Magazine August 1963.It is the second of three in the Stars sequence where in a setting of galactic rediscovery planets and organizations struggle to achieve their views of the future. The Society for Homonidic Studies seeks to observe developing planets while a rival group inside seeks to exploit planets.
 Indy Week formerly known as the Independent Weekly and originally the North Carolina Independent is a tabloid-format alternative weekly newspaper published in Durham North Carolina United States and distributed throughout the Research Triangle area (Raleigh Durham Chapel Hill and Cary) and counties (Wake County Durham County Orange County and Chatham County).
 The Thing About Jane Spring is a 2005 chick litromantic comedy novel by Sharon Krum known for Walk of Fame (St. Martin's Press 2001).It was Krum's second noveland was published in July 2005 in the United States by Viking Press and in the United Kingdom by Century an imprint of Random House. As of 2005 publication was also planned for Italy (Arnoldo Mondadori Editore) the Netherlands (Unieboek) Russia (Amphora) and Spain (Urano).
 Journal of Luminescence (ISSN 0953-4075) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly.The journal covers topics related to the emission of light (luminescence):exciton and polariton dynamics dynamics of localized excited states energy transport in ordered and disordered systems radiative and non-radiative recombination relaxation processes vibronic interactions in electronic excited states photochemistry in condensed systems excited state resonance double resonance selective excitation spectroscopy coherent processes in excited states e.g. 
 Tales from the Secret Annex is a collection of miscellaneous prose fiction and non-fiction written by Anne Frank while she was in hiding during the Nazi occupation of The Netherlands. It was first published in The Netherlands in 1949 then in an expanded edition in 1960.
 Mr. William Shakespeares Comedies Histories & Tragedies is the 1623 published collection of William Shakespeare's plays. Modern scholars commonly refer to it as the First Folio.Printed in folio format and containing 36 plays (see list of Shakespeare's plays) it was prepared by Shakespeare's colleagues John Heminges and Henry Condell.
 Brecht's Mistress (French: La Maîtresse de Brecht) is a 2003 novel by the French writer Jacques-Pierre Amette. It is also known as Brecht's Lover. It received the Prix Goncourt.
 A Wizard of Mars is the ninth novel in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane. After being pushed back several times due to internal turmoil at Harcourt Trade Publishers it was scheduled to be released April 14 2010 but the distributor shipped it in late March.
 Wait for Me (Жди меня) written by the Russian poet and playwright turned war correspondent Konstantin Simonov is one of the best known Russian World War II poems. It was written by Simonov in 1941 after he left his love Valentina Serova behind to take on his new duties of war correspondent on the battlefront. Simonov and Serova were married in 1943. Their relationship was a troubled one. During the war it was widely rumored that Serova was a mistress of Gen. K.K. Rokossovski.
 Anarchy was an anarchist monthly magazine produced in London from March 1961 until December 1970. It was published by Freedom Press and edited by its founder Colin Ward with cover art on many issues by Rufus Segar. The magazine included articles on anarchism and reflections on current events from an anarchist perspective e.g.
 Sylwan is the oldest scientific journal covering forestry in the world that is still in print. It was established in 1820 as the semi-official organ of the Royal Forestry Corps in Poland. Since 1966 it has been published by the Polish Forestry Society and it has developed its coverage areas to all aspects of the life sciences.
 This is an article about the book. For the television series by the same title see The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (TV series)The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency is the first of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Gaborone Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe. Part of the novel's plot is based on the murder of Segametsi Mogomotsi in 1994 a ritual killing in Mochudi.
 Media War & Conflict is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the intersection of international relations and media studies. The editors-in-chief are Andrew Hoskins (University of Glasgow) Ben O'Loughlin (Royal Holloway University) Barry Richards (Bournemouth University) and Philip Seib (University of Southern California). It was established in 2008 and is published by SAGE Publications.
 Spanking Shakespeare (2007) is the debut novel by Jake Wizner. It is a young adult novel that tells the story of the unfortunately named Shakespeare Shapiro and his struggles in high school dating and friendship. Large portions of the novel are presented as Shakespeare’s high school memoir for his English class with the rest of the work being told in a traditional first person narrative.
 Ten Birds is a picture book written and illustrated by Cybèle Young and published in 2011. The children’s fable is about ten birds trying to find a way to cross the river. Using numbers and clever ways of thinking the birds cross the river one at a time. The story is aimed towards children in grades 1-3 to teach them valuable skills from counting to the importance of critical thinking.Cybèle’s book received the 2011 Governor General's Awards .
 Helter Skelter (1974) is a true crime book by Vincent Bugliosi and Curt Gentry. Bugliosi had served as the prosecutor in the 1970 trial of Charles Manson. The book presents his firsthand account of the cases of Manson Susan Atkins Patricia Krenwinkel and other members of the self-described Manson Family.
 The Conan Chronicles II is a collection of fantasy novels written by Robert Jordan featuring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. The book was published in 1997 by Legend Books and collects three novels originally published by Tor Books.
 Politics Religion & Ideology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the politics of illiberal ideologies including the impact of religious radicalism. It is published by Taylor & Francis and was established in 2000 as Totalitarian Movements and Political Religions obtaining its current name in 2011. The editor-in-chief is Naveed S. Sheikh (Keele University).
 ARMS is an manga series that is heavily influenced by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. The series is created by Kyoichi Nanatsuki and Ryoji Minagawa. In 1999 the manga received the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen.The manga was adapted as an anime series called Project ARMS.It stars a young man named Ryo Takatsuki who at the beginning of the series believes that he was in an accident causing his right arm to be severed from his body.
 Hindustan Dainik or ''Hindustan'' is published by Hindustan Media Ventures Limited. Earlier it was part of HT Media Ltd group which spun off its Hindi business into a separate company named Hindustan Media Ventures Limited in December 2009. It ranks as the third largest-read daily in the country. Hindustan has 19 editions across the Hindi belt.
 The Sacrifice is a post-apocalyptic young adult horror novel written by best-selling author Charlie Higson. The book takes place in London after a worldwide sickness has infected adults turning them into something akin to zombies and begins five days after the end of The Fear. It was published by Puffin Books in the UK and Australia on 20 September 2012. The Sacrifice is the fourth novel in the Enemy series with previous instalments titled The EnemyThe Dead and The Fear.
 Pow! (Chinese: 四十一炮; pinyin: sìshíyī pào) is a 2012 novel by the Chinese author and Nobel laureate Mo Yan. The novel's protagonist is Luo Xiaotong a village boy with a passion for story-telling. It is set in a temple where Luo recounts the story of his life to an old monk.
 With Their Backs to The World: Portraits of Serbia is a book by Norwegian journalist Åsne Seierstad.While working for the national Norwegian television network Åsne Seierstad was in Yugoslavia (today's Serbia) during the Kosovo War and NATO bombing of the country of 1999.
 The Abbey Series of British novels by Elsie J. Oxenham comprises 38 titles which were published between 1914 and 1959.
 The Oresteia (Ancient Greek: Ὀρέστεια) is a trilogy of Greek tragedies written by Aeschylus which concerns the end of the curse on the House of Atreus. When originally performed it was accompanied by Proteus a satyr play that would have been performed following the trilogy; it has not survived. The term Oresteia originally probably referred to all four plays but today is generally used to designate only the surviving trilogy.
 Crashing the Gate: Netroots Grassroots and the Rise of People Powered Politics is a book (ISBN 1-931498-99-7) authored by American political bloggers Markos Moulitsas of Daily Kos and Jerome Armstrong of MyDD published in 2006 by Chelsea Green.
 The Chew Valley and Wrington Vale Gazette is a monthly local newspaper for the Chew Valley and surrounding areas of north Somerset England.It was previously published as the Chew Valley Digest. The first issue of the Digest was published in April 1984 and the last issue was printed in January 1989 to be replaced by the Gazette which published its first issue in February 1989.The papers offices are in Chew Magna.
 The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries are Failing and What Can Be Done About It is a 2007 book by Paul Collier Professor of Economics at Oxford University exploring the reasons why impoverished countries fail to progress despite international aid and support. In the book Collier argues that there are many countries whose residents have experienced little if any income growth over the 1980s and 1990s.
 The Ottawa Journal was a daily broadsheet newspaper published in Ottawa Ontario from 1885 to 1980.It was founded in 1885 by A. Woodburn as the Ottawa Evening Journal. Its first editor was John Wesley Dafoe who came from the Winnipeg Free Press. In 1886 it was bought by Philip Dansken Ross.The paper began publishing a morning edition in 1917. In 1919 the paper's publishers bought the Ottawa Free Press. The former owner of that paper E.
 The Times-Union was a widely circulated daily newspaper in the greater Rochester New York area for 79 years. It was published as an afternoon daily counterpart to the morning Democrat and Chronicle under the ownership of Gannett when it ceased operations in 1997.
 Nedjeljni Jutarnji is the weekly Sunday edition of Jutarnji list one of the two prominent dailies in Croatia. Nedjeljni is principally concerned with life culture politics and style. Founded by Tomislav Wruss in 2003 in the long tradition of Croatian Sunday papers such as Nedjeljna Dalmacija it was brasher and less polite than the daily edition of Jutarnji.Nedjeljni typically publishes fewer political and more urban-tabloid and human interest stories than its daily counterpart.
 In a Strange Room is a 2010 novel by South African writer Damon Galgut. It was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize in 2010 as well as for the Ondaatje Prize.
 The Army of the Republic by Stuart Archer Cohen is a book is set in a near-future United States where economic collapse and a one-party democracy has spawned a violent backlash.The book centers around Lando a Seattle urban guerrilla devoted to violent resistance Emily a political organizer in Seattle and James Sands a billionaire and government crony.
 The Doorbell Rang is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1965.
 Protein Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the structure function and biochemical significance of proteins their role in molecular and cell biology genetics and evolution and their regulation and mechanisms of action. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Protein Society.
 On Parole (Kari-Shakuhō 1988) is a novel by Japanese author Akira Yoshimura. The book tells the story of Shiro Kikutani a man who is serving an indefinite prison sentence for the murder of his unfaithful wife. He is granted parole after fifteen years for good behavior and after his release he struggles to readjust to a society he no longer recognizes.The novel is written in the third person narrative mode and is divided into thirteen chapters.
 Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta (GCA) is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It was established in 1950 and is sponsored by the Geochemical Society and the Meteoritical Society. The editor-in-chief is M. Norman (Australian National University).
 The Newport Daily News is an independent six-day daily newspaper serving Newport County Rhode Island. It publishes in the afternoon on weekdays (Monday through Friday) and in the morning on Saturdays. The Daily News is the state's largest family-owned newspaper.
 Sensors is a monthly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that is published by MDPI. It was established in June 2001. The editors-in-chief are Vittorio M.N. Passaro Assefa M. Melesse Mohamed F. Younis W. Rudolf Seitz and Alexander Star. Sensors covers research on all aspects of sensors and biosensors. The journal publishes original research articles short notes review articles book reviews product reviews and announcements related to academia.
 The Stonecutter (Swedish: Stenhuggaren) is a 2005 novel a psychological thriller by Camilla Läckberg. It was translated by Steven T. Murray in 2010.A parallel story concerns a stonecutter in the area in the 1920s who falls under the spell of his employer's daughter Agnes. This sub-plot regarding Anders' forbidden liaisons with his boss' spoiled daughter interweaves with a modern day mystery .
 13 Things That Don't Make Sense is a non-fiction book by the British science writer Michael Brooks published in both the UK and the US during 2008. It became a best-selling non-fiction paperback in 2010.[citation needed]The British subtitle is The Most Intriguing Scientific Mysteries of Our Time while the American is The Most Baffling ... (see image).
 The Cortland Review is an online literary magazine established in 1997 publishing in 6 annual issues the work of prominent poets and writers in text audio and video.
 Son Excellence Eugène Rougon is the sixth novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola. It was serialized in 1876 in Le Siècle before being published in novel form by Charpentier. It was translated into English by Mary Neal Sherwood (as Clorinda) in 1880 by Kenward Philp (as The Mysteries of Louis Napoleon's Court) in 1884 by Ernest A. Vizetelly in 1897 (reprinted 2006) and by Alec Brown in 1958. The novel is set in the highest echelons of Second Empire government.
 International Immunology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Japanese Society for Immunology addressing studies in allergology and immunology.
 The Cruelest Month by Louise Penny is the third novel in the Three Pines Mysteries series which feature Inspector Armand Gamache.
 SPORT magazine was an American sports magazine. Launched in September 1946 by the New York-based publisher Macfadden Publications SPORT pioneered the generous use of color photography – it carried eight full color plates in its first edition. SPORT predated the launch of Sports Illustrated by eight years and is remembered for bringing several editorial innovations to the genre as well as creating in 1955 the SPORT Magazine Award.
 Zhizn' Natsional'nostei (Жизнь национальностей Life of the Nationalities) was a journal published in Moscow from 1918 to 1924.Many senior figures in Narkomnats contributed to it.Publication was resumed in 1992 whereon it was circulated through the Commonwealth of Independent States.
 Demons of the Deep is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Steve Jackson (the American game designer rather than the series co-creator) illustrated by Duncan Smith and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 19th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031921-2).
 The Anthony Republican is a local weekly newspaper for Anthony Kansas with a circulation of about 2000. The newspaper also maintains an online presence.
 Mao: The Unknown Story is a 2005 biography of Chinese Communist leader Mao Zedong (1893–1976) written by the husband and wife team of writer Jung Chang and historian Jon Halliday and depicts Mao as being responsible for more deaths in peacetime than Adolf Hitler or Joseph Stalin.In conducting their research for the book over the course of a decade the authors interviewed hundreds of people who were close to Mao Zedong at some point in his life used recently published memoirs from Chinese political figures and explored newly opened archives in China and Russia. 
 Transit to Scorpio is a science fiction novel written by Kenneth Bulmer under the pseudonym of Alan Burt Akers volume 1 in his extensive Dray Prescot series of sword and planet novels set on the fictional world of Kregen a planet of the Antares star system in the constellation of Scorpio.
 Decline and Fall of the American Programmer is a book written by Edward Yourdon in 1992. It was addressed to American programmers and software organizations of the 1990s warning that they were about to be driven out of business by programmers in other countries who could produce software more cheaply and with higher quality. Yourdon claimed that American software organizations could only retain their edge by using technologies such as ones he described in the book.
 Foreign Affairs is an American magazine and website on international relations and U.S. foreign policy published since 1922 by the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) six times annually. The CFR is a private-sector group established in New York City in 1921 with the mission of promoting understanding of foreign policy and America’s role in the world.
 Urban Male Magazine (a.k.a. UMM) is a Canadian's men's interest magazine created and operated by Abbis Mahmoud an Ontario entrepreneur that also operates several nightclubs like Lobby Mansion Tila Tequila Buddha Bar Tequila Jacks and the Brunswick House.
 <span/>'Tis the Season is the third book in a series of books called Main Street by children's author Ann M. Martin. It was published in October 2007. Flora Northrop the main character of this book whose parents died in a car crash and she has come to live in Camden Falls with her grandmother Min and sister Ruby. She is confused whether to be happy or sad. She is happy with her new life and her new neighbors and friends.
 The Dream Master (1966) originally published as a novella titled He Who Shapes is a science-fiction novel by Roger Zelazny. Zelazny's originally intended title for it was The Ides of Octember. The novella won a Nebula Award in 1965.
 Aqua Bless (アクアブレス Akua Buresu) is an erotic one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yamatogawa. The manga was serialized in Akane Shinsha's manga magazine Comic Tenma. Akaneshinsha released the manga in Japan in February 2007. The manga is licensed and licensed in North America by Icarus Publishing which released the manga on November 4 2008. Digital Manga under its Project-H imprint has licensed the manga in North America for both digital and print release in 2014.
 The Macon Chronicle-Herald is a daily newspaper published in Macon Missouri United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.
 Haukka minun rakkaani (Finnish: The Falcon My Love) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer is a book written by Edward Yourdon in 1996. It is the sequel to Decline and Fall of the American Programmer. In the original written at the beginning of the '90s Yourdon warned American programmers that their business was not sustainable against foreign competition.
 Global Society is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering international relations and globalization. It was established in 1987 as Paradigms and obtained its current name in 1996. The editor-in-chief is Andrea den Boer (University of Kent). The journal is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the University of Kent.
 Mashiroiro Symphony: Love is pure white (ましろ色シンフォニー -Love is pure white- Mashiroiro Shinfonī -Love is pure white- lit. Pure White Symphony: Love is pure white) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Palette and it was released in Japan on October 30 2009 for Microsoft Windows PCs. Mashiroiro Symphony is Palette's ninth title.
 The Times Higher Education (THE) formerly the Times Higher Education Supplement (THES) is a weekly magazine based in London reporting specifically on news and issues related to higher education. It is the United Kingdom's leading publication in this field.
 SportsPro is a monthly British magazine that reports on the business and financial aspects of sports across the world. It has become known for its in-depth analytical studies such as its 2009 valuation of the world's 200 most valuable sports properties.
 Skinwalkers is a mystery novel is the seventh in the Joe Leaphorn and Jim Chee Navajo Tribal Police series by author Tony Hillerman published in 1986.
 Dragons of Autumn Twilight is a 1984 fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman based on a series of Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) game modules. It was the first Dragonlance novel and first in the Chronicles trilogy which along with the Dragonlance Legends trilogy are generally regarded as the core novels of the Dragonlance world. The Chronicles trilogy came about because the designers wanted novels to tell the story of the game world they were creating something to which TSR Inc.
 The Riven Kingdom is the second novel in the Godspeaker series by Karen Miller.
 Commercial Times (traditional Chinese:工商時報) is a Chinese Language Financial Newspaper published in Taiwan. It is currently the biggest financial paper on the island. Because of its location in Taiwan it's often a source for breaking news about the electronics and high-tech manufacturing industry.
 The Tombstone Epitaph is a Tombstone Arizona-based monthly publication that serves as a window in the history and culture of the Old West. Founded on May 1 1880 The Epitaph is the oldest continually published newspaper in Arizona.
 Dokaben (ドカベン) is a baseball manga by Shinji Mizushima serialized in Akita Shoten Weekly Shōnen Champion magazine from April 24 1972 to March 27 1981. Chapters of the series published in 48 Tankōbon volumes by Akita Shoten. It was later made into an anime by the same name.
 Krytyka Polityczna (Polish pronunciation: [ˈkrɨtɨka pɔliˈtɨt͡ʂna]; The Political Critique) is a circle of Polish left-wing intellectuals gathered around a journal of the same title founded by Sławomir Sierakowski in 2002.
 Mutiny on the Enterprise is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Robert E. Vardeman.
 The Jewel in the Crown is the 1966 novel by Paul Scott that starts his Raj Quartet.
 The Soldier's Song is the debut novel from Alan Monaghan and the first in the Soldier's Song Trilogy.Set during World War I the novel follows the fortunes of Stephen Ryan a gifted young maths scholar as he enlists in the British army and leaves his native Ireland to fight in Europe. He finds his loyalties tested however when he returns from the front in 1916 to find Ireland in the midst of an uprising.
 Doraemon (Japanese: ドラえもん) is a Japanese manga series created by Fujiko Fujio which later became an anime series and an Asian franchise. The series is about a robotic cat named Doraemon who travels back in time from the 22nd century to aid a pre-teen boy called Nobita Nobi (野比 のび太 Nobi Nobita).The series first appeared in December 1969 when it was published simultaneously in six different magazines.
 The Ice Storm is a 1994 American novel by Rick Moody. The novel was widely acclaimed by readers and critics alike described as a funny acerbic and moving hymn to a dazed and confused era of American life.In 1997 the novel was adapted into an acclaimed feature film directed by Ang Lee featuring a cast including Joan Allen Kevin Kline Sigourney Weaver Christina Ricci Elijah Wood and Tobey Maguire. The film also marked the screen debut of Katie Holmes as Libbets Casey.
 The Conquest of Space is a 1949 speculative science book illustrated by Chesley Bonestell and written by Willy Ley. The book contains a portfolio of paintings by Bonestell depicting the possible future exploration of the solar system with explanatory text by Ley.Some of Bonestell's designs inspired the look of George Pal's 1955 science fiction movie Conquest of Space which also takes its name from the book but uses it as the framework on which to hang a melodramatic plot.
 The Pesticide Question: Environment Economics and Ethics is a 1993 book edited by David Pimentel and Hugh Lehman. The book argues that Intensive farming cannot completely do without synthetic chemicals but that it is technologically possible to reduce the amount of pesticides used in the United States by 35-50 per cent without reducing crop yields.The Pesticide Question builds on the 1962 best-seller Silent Spring by Rachel Carson.
 The White House Doctor: My Patients Were Presidents – A Memoir is a book authored by Connie Mariano the first military woman in the history of the United States to be appointed as Physician to the President the first female director of the medical unit of the White House and the first Filipino-American to become a rear admiral in the US Navy. With a foreword from Bill Clinton the autobiographical book takes a look at the personal lives of three American Presidents (George H.W.
 Impressionism is a 2009 play by Michael Jacobs about an international photojournalist and a New York gallery owner whose unexpected brush with intimacy leads them to realize that there is an art to repairing broken lives.
 The Red Moulana is a book written on Moulana Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani by Nurul Kabir. The book discuss about the life of Moulana Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani which was full of oppositional democratic spirit.Moulana Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani a communist from heart never compromised with the injustice.
 Building Harlequin's Moon is a science fiction novel by Larry Niven and Brenda Cooper. The novel is set in the distant future as a group of space travellers marooned in an inhospitable solar system attempt to terraform a moon and create a sufficient civilisation on it to refuel their ship so they can continue to their original destination.
 Floor Games is a book published in 1911 by H. G. Wells.
 For the 1980s British band see Fire Next Time (1980s band)The Fire Next Time is a book by James Baldwin. It contains two essays: My Dungeon Shook — Letter to my Nephew on the One Hundredth Anniversary of Emancipation and Down At The Cross — Letter from a Region of My Mind. The first essay written in the form of a letter to Baldwin's 14-year-old nephew discusses the central role of race in American history.
 A Cure for Cancer is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock [1]. It is part of his long-running Jerry Cornelius series [2].The second novel of the sequence [3] is essentially a collage of absurdist vignettes many of which first appeared in an eclectic range of British and American magazines. The lurid blurb of the original edition [4] sets the scene in graphic terms: Up from the ocean depths comes the jet-black caucasian transvestite champion.
 Wanna be the Strongest in the World (世界でいちばん強くなりたい! Sekai de Ichiban Tsuyoku Naritai!) is a Japanese manga by ESE and Kiyohito Natsuki. It was adapted into an anime television series in October 2013.
 Saru Lock (猿ロック Saru Rokku trans. Monkey Lock) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Serizawa. It was adapted into a television drama in 2009 and a live action film in 2010.
 The Temple and the Lodge is a book written by Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh that claims to trace a link between the suppressed Knights Templar and modern day Freemasonry. The book is usually described as speculative history although the Borders chain lists it as Pseudohistory.
 Rabies is a novel by the Serbian author Borislav Pekić. The novel follows the structure of a genre work specifically thriller and horror. Author has within that framework set up many of the ideas he has been working on in his previous published opus. The plot revolves around the outbreak of an extremely virulent form of rabies brought on the Heathrow Airport by a puppy smuggled from Israel on an Alitalia jet headed for New York.
 Blood Red Horse is a 2005 children's novel by author K M Grant. The book was published on April 30 2005 by Walker Childrens and is the first novel in the de Granville Trilogy. Blood Red Horse was followed by the books Green Jasper and Blaze of Silver.In 2006 the audiobook version of Blood Red Horse won an AudioFile Earphones Award and in 2007 was one of YALSA's recommended audiobooks for 2007.
 Interlunar is a 1984 poetry collection by Canadian author Margaret Atwood. One of her lesser documented works the collection is divided into two sections. The first Snake Woman explores one of her favorite motifs the snake. The second section Interlunar deals with themes of darkness.It features a poem The Robber Bridegroom that she later used as a title for a novel.
 The Newton Letter is a novel by John Banville first published in 1982. It was published in the United States in 1987. Drawing comparisons with Ford Madox Ford's The Good Soldier and John Hawkes's The Blood Oranges for their use of the unreliable narrator The Newton Letter was described there as Banville's most impressive work to date.The book opens with: Words fail me. It follows the adventures of an aspiring biographer of Isaac Newton who rents a rural retreat in the south of Ireland.
 The Cuckoo's Egg: Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage is a 1989 book written by Clifford Stoll. It is his first-person account of the hunt for a computer hacker who broke into a computer at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBL).
 American Handgunner is a magazine dedicated to handguns handgun hunting competition shooting reloading tactical knives and other shooting-related activities in the United States. It is a sister publication to Guns and American CopThe magazine primarily offers reviews on guns ammunition knives and shooting gear; as well as gunsmithing tips historical articles gun collecting self-defense and alerts on gun rights.
 Mr. Mike: The Life and Work of Michael O'Donoghue is an American book that was published in 1998 by Avon Books in New York. It is a biography of the humor writer Michael O'Donoghue who was a major writer for National Lampoon magazine and the first head writer for Saturday Night Live.The Barnes and Noble overview commented This is the unvarnished story of a towering figure in American popular culture the prime artistic force behind an entire generation of humorists and satirists.
 Die Zeit (German pronunciation: [diː ˈtsaɪt] literally The Time or Times) is a German national weekly newspaper well-regarded for its journalistic quality. With a circulation of 504072 for the second half of 2012 and an estimated readership of slightly above 2 million it is the most widely read German weekly newspaper.
 Dilbert 2.0: 20 Years of Dilbert is a 576-page special edition collection of Dilbert cartoons released on October 21 2008. The book contains about 6500 strips selected by Dilbert's creator Scott Adams over the course of the strip's history. The collection also includes Adams' commentary on selected strips and a CD-ROM including the full collection of cartoons.
 The Colombo Journal was a short-lived English-language Ceylonese bi-weekly newspaper. The newspaper started on 1 January 1832 with George Lee as editor. George Lee was the Superintendent of the Government Press and later Postmaster General. The newspaper had the support of the government and Governor Robert Wilmot-Horton. Apart from Horton and Lee other senior government officials who wrote for the newspaper included the governor's private secretary Henry Tufnell and George Turnour.
 All-Negro Comics published in 1947 was a single-issue small-press American comic book that represents the first known comics magazine written and drawn solely by African-American writers and artists.
 Blue Inferior (ブルー・インフェリア Burū Infiria) is a manga created by Kyoko Shitō. The manga was serialised in Kadokawa Shoten's Kibou Comics. The manga is licensed in English by ADV Manga.
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Third Wheel is a 2012 bestselling children's novel and the seventh book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid (series written by American author Jeff Kinney). Kinney announced the book in March 2012 with The Third Wheel's cover being revealed in May 2012. The book was released on November 13 2012.
 The Tower of the Elephant is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard. It is set in the pseudo-historical Hyborian Age and concerns Conan infiltrating a perilous tower in order to steal a fabled gem from an evil sorcerer named Yara.
 Journal Of Librarianship And Information Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Information Science and Library Science. The journal's Editor is Anne Goulding (Victoria University of Wellington). It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Boston College Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: B. C. L. Rev.) is an academic journal of legal scholarship and student organization at Boston College Law School. It was established in 1959. Until 1977 it was known as the Boston College Industrial & Commercial Law Review. Among student-edited general-interest law reviews it is currently ranked 28th based on citations per article.The journal publishes five issues each year.
 Mercy Kill (2012) is the tenth novel in the Star Wars: X-wing series. It was written by Aaron Allston. It is primarily set within the Legacy Era (44 ABY) though has flashbacks to the New Republic Era (specifically 13 ABY and 19 ABY) as well as the New Jedi Order Era (29 ABY). The novel tells the story of the reformation of Wraith Squadron
 The Reivers published in 1962 is the last novel by the American author William Faulkner. The bestselling novel was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1963. Faulkner previously won this award for his book A Fable making him one of only three authors to be awarded it more than once. Unlike many of his earlier works it is a straightforward narration and eschews the complicated literary techniques of his more well known works.
 Shards of a Broken Crown is a 1998 fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist the fourth and final book of his Serpentwar Saga and the twelfth book of his Riftwar cycle.
 Idealistic Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal for the publication of studies of idealistic themes. Both historical and contemporary statements of idealistic argumentation are published as are also historico-philosophical studies of idealism. The journal was established in 1972 by Robert N. Beck with the assistance of the Clark University philosophy department.
 Juxtapoz Art & Culture Magazine (pronounced Jucks-tah-pose) is a magazine created in 1994 by a group of artists and collectors including Robert Williams Fausto Vitello C.R. Stecyk III (aka: Craig Stecyk) Greg Escalante and Eric Swenson to both help define and celebrate urban alternative and underground contemporary art. It was edited from 1996 to 2006 by Jamie O'Shea.
 Drow of the Underdark is the name of two supplemental rules books for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game providing supplementary game rules focusing on drow culture equipment and folklore for both players and Dungeon Masters.
 Lost: A Memoir is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer Cathy Ostlere first published in May 2008 by Key Porter Books. In the book the author chronicles her feelings of guilt associated with her brother and his fiancee being declared lost at sea.
 The Chesterton Review is the peer-reviewed academic journal of the G.K. Chesterton Institute for Faith & Culture (Seton Hall University). It was established in 1974 to promote an interest in all aspects of G. K. Chesterton's life work art and ideas including his Christian apologetics. The journal includes essays and articles written by Chesterton and occasionally publishes special issues on particular topics. It also publishes special editions in Spanish Portuguese French and Italian.
 Ubu Roi (Ubu the King or King Ubu) is a play by Alfred Jarry. It was first performed in Paris at the Théâtre de l’Œuvre causing a riotous response in the audience as it opened and closed on December 10 1896. It is considered a wild bizarre and comic play significant for the way it overturns the cultural rules norms and conventions. For those who were in the audience on that night to witness the response including William Butler Yeats it seemed an event of revolutionary importance.
 The Slithering Shadow is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in the September 1933 issue of Weird Tales magazine. The Slithering Shadow is the original title but the story is also known as Xuthal of the Dusk in further publications.
 Full Employment Abandoned: Shifting Sands and Policy Failures is a book on macroeconomic issues written by economists William Mitchell & Joan Muysken and first published in 2008.
 Grihshobha (ASIN B00007AXOS) is a Hindi-medium magazine aimed at Indian woman. The magazine was started in 1979 as a monthly by the Delhi Press Group in Hindi. Since its inception Grihshobha has enjoyed wide readership in the Hindi belt of the country[citation needed] It carries features on housekeeping cookery knitting interior decoration beauty care dress designing hobbies and handicraft besides helping women understand social national as well as universal issues.
 The Place of Dead Roads by William S. Burroughs published in 1983 is the second book of the trilogy that begins with Cities of the Red Night and concludes with The Western Lands. It chronicles the story of a Homosexual gunfighter in the American West beginning with the gunfighter’s death in 1899 incorporates contrasting themes and time travel episodes and makes use of Burroughs’ extensive knowledge of firearms.
 Martindale: The Complete Drug Reference is a reference book published by Pharmaceutical Press listing some 6000 drugs and medicines used throughout the world including details of over 161000 proprietary preparations. It also includes 675 disease treatment reviews.
 Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream is a 2010 Christian book written by David Platt and is a New York Times Bestseller.
 Microbiology and Molecular Biology Reviews is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Microbiology.
 The Twilight of the Gods and Other Tales is a collection of fantasy short stories by Richard Garnett generally considered a classic in the genre.
 The Ballad of Desmond Kale is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Roger McDonald.
 Silverblade is a supernatural fantasy comic book limited series published in the United States by DC Comics in 1987. The maxi-series ran for twelve issues. The book was written by Cary Bates with the art drawn by Gene Colan; it was edited by Dennis O'Neil. Silverblade was published in DC Comics' deluxe format.
 Deadhouse Gates is the second novel in Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series the Malazan Book of the Fallen. Deadhouse Gates follows on from the first novel Gardens of the Moon and takes place simultaneously with events in the third novel Memories of Ice. The novel was first published in the United Kingdom as a trade paperback on 1 September 2000 with a mass-market paperback edition followed on 1 October 2001.
 Hello Summer Goodbye is a science fiction novel by British author Michael G.
 The Briar King is first novel of four in the series The Kingdoms of Thorn and Bone by writer Greg Keyes.
 The Festivus was a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal about malacology and conchology published by the San Diego Shell Club. It was established in 1970 as a shell club newsletter gradually evolving into a scientific journal.
 The Witching Hour was an American comic book horror anthology published by DC Comics from 1969 to 1978.
 X-Men: Deadly Genesis is a comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in late 2005 and early 2006. The series was written by Ed Brubaker with interior art by Trevor Hairsine and covers by Marc Silvestri. Starring the X-Men this series celebrates the 30th anniversary of Giant-Size X-Men #1. The plot deals with the X-Men looking for Professor Charles Xavier who went missing after House of M as well as the appearance of a new incredibly powerful mutant threat.
 The Sunken World is a science fiction novel by author Stanton A. Coblentz. It was first published in book form in 1948 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1000 copies. The novel originally appeared in the Summer 1928 issue of the magazine Amazing Stories Quarterly. It was Coblentz's first published science fiction novel.
 The Case for Israel is a New York Times bestseller by Alan Dershowitz a law professor at Harvard University. The book responds to common criticisms of Israel.
 The Press-Enterprise is a Pulitzer Prize-winning daily newspaper published by the Press-Enterprise Corp. that serves the Inland Empire in Southern California. Headquartered in downtown Riverside California it is the primary newspaper for Riverside County with heavy penetration into neighboring San Bernardino County.
 Strip Jack is a 1992 crime novel by Ian Rankin. It is the fourth of the Inspector Rebus novels.The title refers to the popular card game Strip Jack Naked.
 Dragon Prince is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Ron Marz and drawn by Lee Moder. It is published by Top Cow.
 Fortnight was a monthly (despite the name) political and cultural magazine published in Belfast Northern Ireland. The magazine was founded in 1970 with the aim of providing analysis and criticism of politics culture and the arts from those from both inside and outside the local mainstream. Fortnight was read by and contributed to by people from all over the spectrum.
 Energy Work: The Secret of Healing and Spiritual Development is a book by author Robert Bruce. He delineates his method of vibrational medicine that he refers to as tactile imaging that he introduced in his earlier Astral Dynamics and develops it based on ideas from Traditional Chinese medicine and Kriya Yoga.
 Dark Warning is the second book in Jude Watson's series The Last of the Jedi.
 Angel/Dust Neo (エンジェル/ダスト neo Enjyeru/Dasuto neo) the sequel to Angel/Dust is a manga created by Aoi Nanase. In this manga Aoi Nanase revisits the elements of her earlier manga to craft a new story of the harem genre. It was originally serialized in Newtype and the collected volume was released on November 1 2003. ADV Manga has licensed this manga for publication in English.
 The University of Western Sydney Law Review (previously Macarthur Law Review) is an annual peer-reviewed law review published by the University of Western Sydney School of Law.
 Tsuribaka Nisshi (釣りバカ日誌 Fishing Fool's Diary) is a fishing manga by Jūzō Yamasaki (story) and Kenichi Kitami (art) that has been serialized in Big Comic Original since 1979. It won the 28th Shogakukan Manga Award in 1983. The series has been adapted into a popular and long running movie series as well as an anime TV series.
 The Chinh phụ ngâm (Lament of the soldier's wife 征婦吟) is a poem in classical Chinese written by the Vietnamese author Đặng Trần Côn (1710-1745). It is also called the Chinh phụ ngâm khúc (征婦吟曲) with the additional -khúc (tune 曲) emphasizing that it can be performed as a musical piece not just read as a plain lament (ngâm 吟). The Chinese poem was translated into vernacular chữ Nôm by several translators including Phan Huy Ích and Đoàn Thị Điểm.
 An Astrologer's Day is a thriller suspense short story by author R. K. Narayan. While it had been published earlier it was the titular story of Narayan's fourth collection of short stories published in 1947 by Indian Thought Publications. It was the first chapter of the world famous collection of stories Malgudi Days which was later telecasted on television in 2006.Fallon and et al.
 Things Hoped For is a young adult book by Andrew Clements. Released in 2006 by Philomel Books the book is a sequel to Things Not Seen and is followed by Things That Are.
 Gunfighter was a short lived comic published by EC Comics from 1948 to 1950 with a total of 9 issues. It was part of EC's Pre-trend comics era along with many others.
 The Cork Free Press (11 June 1910 – 9 December 1916) was a nationalist newspaper in Ireland which circulated primarily in the Munster region surrounding its base in Cork and was the newspaper of the dissident All-for-Ireland League party (1909–1918). Published daily from June 1910 until 1915 and weekly in 1915–16 it was the third of three newspapers founded and published within a decade by William O'Brien MP.
 The Eagle is the final novel in the A Dream of Eagles series (published in the United States as the Camulod Chronicles). The Eagle follows the continuing story of Clothar (Lancelot) from when he meets Arthur Pendragon to and possibly after King Arthur's death. It also is noted for having a sympathetic portrait of Mordred.The novel was released on November 19 2005 in Canada and was released in the United States in 2007.
 Feel Good You is a monthly magazine for women aged over 40 published by IPC Media. It is a spin-off from Woman & Home magazine and is edited by Carrie Taylor.
 Pundits from Pakistan is a book on cricket by Indian writer Rahul Bhattacharya. It covers the Indian cricket team’s tour of Pakistan in the year 2004.
 The Mayor of Casterbridge (1886) subtitled The Life and Death of a Man of Character is a tragic novel by British author Thomas Hardy. It is set in the fictional town of Casterbridge (based on the town of Dorchester in Dorset). The book is one of Hardy's Wessex novels all set in a fictional rustic or rural England.
 Travesties is a play by Tom Stoppard.The play centres on the figure of Henry Carr an elderly man who reminisces about Zürich in 1917 during the First World War and his interactions with James Joyce when he was writing Ulysses Tristan Tzara during the rise of Dada and Lenin leading up to the Russian Revolution all of whom were living in Zürich at that time.
 How to Design Programs (HtDP) is a textbook by Matthias Felleisen Robert Bruce Findler Matthew Flatt and Shriram Krishnamurthi on the systematic design of computer programs published in 2001 by MIT Press. The book introduces the concept of a design recipe a six-step process for creating programs from the problem statement.
 Feast Food & Love also known as Party Food & Love is a cookbook co-compiled by Swedish author Camilla Läckberg and chef Christian Hellberg.
 Mr. Monk Gets on Board is the seventeenth novel based on the television series Monk. It was published on January 7 2014. Like the other novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger Monk's assistant. It is the second novel in the series to be written by Hy Conrad.
 Pictures from an Institution is a 1954 novel by American poet Randall Jarrell. It is an academic satire focusing on the oddities of academic life in particular the interpersonal relationships among the characters and their private lives.
 The Last Western is a 1974 novel by American author Thomas S. Klise published by Argus Communications.The novel follows multiracial teen protagonist Willie a budding baseball prodigy from his obscure beginnings in the American Southwest to religious leader and international humanitarian.
 Adresseavisen is a regional newspaper published daily except Sundays in Trondheim Norway. It is an independent conservative newspaper with a daily circulation of approximately 85000. It is also informally known as Adressa. The newspaper covers the areas of Trøndelag and Nordmøre.Adresseavisen switched from broadsheet to tabloid format on 16 September 2006.
 Parallel Universes A Memoir from the Edges of Space and Time is a non-fiction Christian book and a personal and science memoir written by Linda Morabito Meyer the NASA discoverer of the volcanic activity on Jupiter's Io. The book documents the author’s several near-death experiences and purported visits to Heaven between 1954 and 1956; the author’s quest to uncover a hidden past from 2003 to 2011; and the events of the author’s major NASA science discovery in 1979.
 Comparing Media Systems: Three Models of Media and Politics (2004) by Daniel C. Hallin and Paolo Mancini is a seminal study in the field of international comparative media system research.
 Human Croquet is the second novel of Kate Atkinson. The book covers the experiences of Isobel Fairfax including her occasional bouts of time-travelling while setting out the legacy of a 300 year old family curse.
 Blonde Ambition is the third novel in the A-List series by Zoey Dean. It was published in September 2004.
 Lottery (Hindi: लॉटरी Urdu: منشی پریم چند‎) is a Hindustani short story written by the Indian author Premchand. The story is told in narrative form from the voice of an unnamed school teacher. The story has been adapted to plays with theatrical performances presented by Lalit Parimoo's Natsamaj Theatre Group as well as Mujeeb Khan's Ideal Drama and Entertainment Academy.
 For the Pet Shop Boys album of the same name see The Most Incredible Thing (album)“The Most Incredible Thing (Danish: Det Utroligste) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875). The story is about a contest to find the most incredible thing and the wondrous consequences when the winner is chosen.
 Xbox Magazine Ufficiale also known by the acronym XMU is the Italian edition of Official Xbox video game magazine specializing in all Xbox video game consoles. The magazine features previews reviews and cheat codes for Xbox games. It discontinued publication following 21 February 2012.
 Chronicles of Wormwood is a six-part comic book limited series written by Garth Ennis drawn by Jacen Burrows and colored by Andrew Dalhouse. Avatar Press is publishing the title.
 My Sister Sadie is a 2003 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It was billed as a family play and shown as the Stephen Joseph Theatre's Christmas production. It is about a seventeen-year-old boy who finds emerging from a helicopter crash a mysterious female who calls herself Sadie with an uncanny resemblance to his dead sister with a military platoon in hot pursuit of a missing deadly weapon. My Sister Sadie on official Ayckbourn site
 The Last Grain Race is a 1956 book by Eric Newby a travel writer about his time spent on the four-masted steel barque Moshulu during the vessel's last voyage in the Australian grain trade.
 Skin Folk is a story collection by writer Nalo Hopkinson. Winner of the 2002 World Fantasy Award for Best Story Collection. It was also selected in 2002 for the New York Times Summer Reading List and was one of the New York Times Best Books of the Year.
 Clayhanger redirects here. For the English settlements see Clayhanger Devon and Clayhanger West MidlandsThe Clayhanger Family is a series of novels by Arnold Bennett published between 1910 and 1918. Though the series is commonly referred to as a trilogy it actually consists of four books; the first three novels were released in one single volume as The Clayhanger Family in 1925.
 Shut Hell (シュトヘル Shutoheru) also known as Akuryou - Shut Hell (悪霊シュトヘル) is a Japanese Seinen manga written and illustrated by Yu Itō and serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits.
 Ruff Love (シバといっしょ。 Shibato Issho.) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Tamaki Kirishima. The manga was serialized in Nihonbungeisha's manga magazine Nichibun Comics. Nihonbungeisha released the manga's tankōbon volume on December 28 2006. It is licensed in North America by Aurora Publishing which released the manga through its yaoi imprint Deux Press on August 8 2008.
 The Brush News-Tribune is a weekly newspaper in Brush Colorado. It is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing which is owned by MediaNews Group.
 International Journal of Bifurcation and Chaos (IJBC) is an academic journal that has been published by World Scientific since its founding in 1991. It covers chaos and nonlinear science in a diverse range of fields in applied sciences such as astronomy and zoology as well as engineering such as in aerospace and telecommunications.The journal encompasses the experimental computational and theoretical aspects of bifurcations chaos and complexity of various dynamical systems.
 Cultural Dynamics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers three times a year in the field of Anthropology. The journal is edited by the Cultural Dynamics Editorial Collective. It has been in publication since 1988 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 In The Winter Dark is a 1988 novel by award-winning author Tim Winton.Night falls. In a lonely valley called the Sink four people prepare for a quiet evening. Then in his orchard Murray Jaccob sees a moving shadow. Across the swamp his neighbour Ronnie watches her lover leave and feels her baby roll inside her. And on the verandah of the Stubbses' house a small dog is torn screaming from its leash by something unseen. Nothing will be the same again.
 Paleo is a novel based on the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Keskisuomalainen is a daily Finnish newspaper published in Jyväskylä serving central Finland (Keski-Suomi means Central Finland). It was founded in 1871 and is the oldest Finnish-language newspaper with the fifth-highest circulation of daily Finnish papers.
 Death of a Naturalist (1966) is a collection of poems written by Seamus Heaney who received the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature. The collection was Heaney's second major published volume and includes ideas that he had presented at meetings of The Belfast Group.
 Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America written by Garry Wills and published by Simon & Schuster in 1992 won the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction and the 1992 National Book Critics Circle Award for Criticism.The book uses Lincoln's notably short speech at Gettysburg to examine his rhetoric overall.
 Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking is a 2012 non-fiction book written by Susan Cain.
 The Collected Stories of Amy Hempel is a compilation of all Hempel's short stories published between 1985 and 2005. The collection was published by Scribner in 2006 with an introduction by Rick Moody.
 From Unknown Worlds is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by John W. Campbell Jr. and illustrated by Edd Cartier the first of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine Unknown of the 1930s-40s. It was first published in magazine format by Street & Smith in 1948; the publication was an attempt to determine if there was a market for a revived Unknown.
 Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock (ドラゴンボール：エピソードオブバーダック Doragon Bōru: Episōdo obu Bādakku) is a three-chapter manga series written and illustrated by Naho Ōishi based on Akira Toriyama's Dragon Ball. It serves as a spin-off sequel to the 1990 animated television special Dragon Ball Z: A Lonesome Final Battle - The Father of Z Warrior Son Goku who Challenged Freeza.
 The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk is the seventeenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series published under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. It was first published in 1940 by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Nature Reviews Cancer is a monthly review journal covering the field of oncology.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal received a 2012 impact factor of 35.000 ranking it second out of 196 journals in the category Oncology.
 Robotan (ロボタン) is a Japanese anime and manga series created by Kenji Morita. The series revolves around alien household robot Robotan who is made By Kan-chan and lives with an everyday Japanese family as a domestic servant and friend to the children. Like Doraemon his good intentions don't always work out with comic consequences. The original series was made in Osaka by the short-lived Ohiro Planning.
 Kenneth Kaye's book The Mental and Social Life of Babies was published in 1982. Integrating a contemporary burgeoning field of research on infant cognitive and social development in the first two years of life with his own laboratory's studies at the University of Chicago Kaye offered an apprenticeship theory.
 Heartstones is a novella by British author Ruth Rendell published in 1987. It was also published by Longman in a special educational edition in 1990.
 Ventus is a 2001 science fiction/fantasy novel by Karl Schroeder. It was Schroeder's debut solo novel and introduced his concept of thalience. The novel is available for free under the Creative Commons license at Schroeder's website. Its prequel Lady of Mazes was published in 2005.
 Rogue Squadron (1996) is the first novel in the Star Wars: X-wing series. It was written by Michael A. Stackpole. It is set at the beginning of the New Republic era of the Star Wars universe and centers on the creation of a new Rogue Squadron by legendary Rebel Alliance pilot Wedge Antilles. As the first novel in the series it introduces the primary character Corran Horn as well as a host of other characters including Mirax Terrik Erisi Dlarit and Tycho Celchu as an alleged Imperial spy.
 Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of entrepreneurship studies. Most issues also feature a teaching case.
 The Peterborough Herald and Post was a weekly freesheet delivered to households in the city of Peterborough Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. It was run from offices on Cross Street in the city centre until ceasing operations in 2008.The Peterborough Standard (established 1872) was published weekly by Sharman Newspapers under the title Peterborough and Huntingdonshire Standard to 1931. A localised edition was published from 1980 to 1984 and from then titled the Oundle Standard.
 Beyond Apollo is a novel by Barry N. Malzberg first published in 1972 in a hardcover edition by Random House.Malzberg credits the inspiration for the novel to I Have My Vigil a 1969 short story by fellow science fiction writer Harry Harrison.
 The Copernican Question: Prognostication Skepticism and Celestial Order is a 704 page book written by Robert S. Westman and published by University of California Press (Berkeley-Los Angeles-London) in 2011. This book is a broad historical overview of scholarly responses to Copernicus’s De revolutionibus by the three generations immediately succeeding Copernicus.
 The Sunday Standard was an English-language Sri Lankan weekly newspaper published by Standard Newspapers (Private) Limited part of Communication and Business Equipment (Private) Limited (CBE). It was founded in 2007 and was published from Colombo. Its sister newspaper was the Mawbima.The Sunday Standard and its sister newspaper Mawbima were launched in August 2006.
 Procopio is the title character of an eponym Italian comic strip created by Lino Landolfi.The comic started in 1951 in the comics magazine Il Vittorioso where it was published until the close of the magazine in the late sixties.Procopio debuted as a squire of a medieval knight.
 The Boar is the student newspaper of the University of Warwick. Founded in 1973 the paper is published fortnightly during term time but the website is continually updated. Whilst a society of the Union the paper is editorially independent. It consists of news opinion arts reviews and lifestyle.Contribution to the Boar is entirely voluntary and none of the approximately 40 editorial staff are paid.
 Krasnaya Nov (Красная новь Red Virgin Soil) was a Soviet monthly literary magazine.
 Roxy's Baby is a young adult novel by Catherine MacPhail published in 2005. It is about a fifteen-year-old girl named Roxy who becomes pregnant and subsequently runs away from home.Roxy is a fourteen year-old girl living with her mother her younger sister and her new step-dad. Upset about her father's death and resentful of her mother remarrying she begins to rebel. She attends a party where she has sex for the first time. Soon realizing she's pregnant Roxy runs away from home in fear.
 The New York World was a newspaper published in New York City from 1860 until 1931. The paper played a major role in the history of American newspapers. It was a leading national voice of the Democratic Party. From 1883 to 1911 under publisher Joseph Pulitzer it became a pioneer in yellow journalism capturing readers' attention and pushing its daily circulation to the one-million mark.
 Published in 1954 Two Tone a quarterly of Rhodesian poetry signified a radical break with the largely conservative Eurocentric academic traditions which until then had dominated Zimbabwean poetry. Publishing poetry by both black and white writers working predominantly in English but also in Ndebele and Shona it challenged divisions and created a new open field for expression in divergent poetic voices and styles.
 Protoculture Addicts was a Canadian-based anime and manga themed magazine published by Protoculture Inc. an Anime News Network company.
 Nations and Nationalism is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on nationalism and related issues. It is published quarterly on behalf of the Association for the Study of Ethnicity and Nationalism by Wiley-Blackwell. Anthony D. Smith was the founding editor; as of 2013 the editor is Anthony D. Smith.
 American Beauty is a 1931 novel by American author Edna Ferber first published by Doubleday Doran. Set in the Housatonic region of Connecticut the story spanning the years 1700 to 1930 relates the steady decline of the Oakes family and their property as well as their tense relations with Polish immigrants.The title comes from a line within the book.
 The Strange Tale of Panorama Island (パノラマ島綺譚 Panorama-tō Kitan) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Suehiro Maruo and based on a novella by Edogawa Ranpo. It was published in English by Last Gasp on July 1 2013.
 Mr. Monk Is Open For Business is the eighteenth novel based on the television series Monk. It will be published on June 3 2014. Like the other novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger Monk's assistant. It is the third novel in the series to be written by Hy Conrad.
 Purjetaja was 1989–1995 a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Nexos is one of the leading cultural and political magazines in Mexico. It was founded in 1978. Since then it has had a number of leading intellectuals among its writers and contrinutors such as José Woldenberg Héctor Aguilar Camín and Wendy Guerra.
 Grace and Truth is a novel by Irish writer Jennifer Johnston first published in 2005 by Headline Books.
 Mercier and Camier is a novel by Samuel Beckett.Written immediately before his celebrated 'trilogy' of Molloy Malone Dies and The Unnamable Mercier et Camier (1946 translated in 1974) was Beckett's first attempt at extended prose fiction in French. It features the 'pseudocouple' Mercier and his friend the private investigator Camier and their repeated attempts to leave a city (a thinly disguised version of Dublin) only to abandon their journey and return.
 Natasha's Story is a 1994 book by war correspondent Michael Nicholson and is based on his work for the British news broadcaster ITN. Deeply shocked about the catastrophic situation of 200 orphaned children in Bosnia and Herzegovina Nicholson adopted a girl Natasha under adventurous circumstances and gave her a new home in England.The film Welcome to Sarajevo is based on it. Natasha's Story by Michael Nicholson (London: Pan in association with Macmillan 1994). ISBN 0-330-33050-0.
 Maze of Moonlight is a novel written by Gael Baudino in 1993. It is the second in the Strands of Starlight tetralogy. The other novels are Strands of Starlight Shroud of Shadow and Strands of Sunlight.
 Leap of Faith : Memoirs of an Unexpected Life (2003) is a book written by Queen Noor of Jordan wife of the late Jordanian King Hussein I. Sharing a personal perspective on the past three decades of world history Leap of Faith highlights Queen Noor's views on Islam and the West; the challenges of rearing her family; her work as Queen and humanitarian activist; and her struggles to protect her husband as he slipped into the illness that would kill him in 1999.
 Dōjin Work (ドージンワーク Dōjin Wāku) is a Japanese four-panel comic strip written and illustrated by Japanese manga author Hiroyuki. The story revolves around a young girl named Najimi Osana who is about to make her debut into the dōjin creation world with the help of her experienced friends. Aspects of what it is like to be a dōjin artist are common themes throughout the story.
 Karnali Blues (कर्नाली ब्लुज) is book written by Buddhisagar and published by FinePrint.
 La Salamandre (English: The salamander) is a Swiss French-language magazine about nature. It was established in 1983 by an 11-year old boy Julien Perrot. La Salamandre is a non-profit-making company and its magazines do not contain any advertising. The magazine had 6000 subscribers in 1997 and 30000 in 2013 mainly in Switzerland and France.A nature magazine for children (6-10 years) is also published in French (La Petite Salamandre; English: The Little Salamander).
 The Steel Mirror is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton.
 Seryozha (Russian: Серёжа published 1955) is a short novel by Soviet writer Vera Panova. Seryozha has also been translated as Time Walked and A Summer to Remember. Seryozha is a diminutive form of the name Sergey.
 The Fitzhugh is a weekly newspaper serving the Jasper Alberta area.The Fitzhugh formerly billed itself as Jasper's independent locally owned newspaper. It was started in 2005 by a group of five colleagues from Jasper. In 2012 it was sold to Aberdeen Publishing Limited Partnership comprising a stable of newspapers which is based in British Columbia so it is no longer locally owned nor truly independent.
 Selected Letters III (1929-1931) is a collection of letters by H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1971 by Arkham House in an edition of 2513 copies. It is the third of a five volume series of collections of Lovecraft's letters and includes a preface by August Derleth and Donald Wandrei.
 Inconceivable is a 1999 novel by Ben Elton following a childless couple's efforts to conceive. The story is told in the form of journal entries by the two principal characters. It was adapted into the film Maybe Baby which was directed by Elton.
 A Teaspoon Every Four Hours is a comedy play written by Jackie Mason and Mike Mortman which was produced on Broadway in 1969. The play set a Broadway record by having 97 previews before its official opening.
 The Picts and the Martyrs is the eleventh book in Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books. It was published in 1943. This is the last completed book set in the Lake District and features the Blackett sisters the Amazons and the Callum siblings Dick and Dorothea known as the Ds. Ransome's most native character the Great Aunt also features prominently as do many aspects of Lakeland life.
 Darwinia is a 1998 science fiction alternate history novel written by Robert Charles Wilson. It won a Prix Aurora Award (Canadian science fiction and fantasy) for Best Long Form in 1999 and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel that same year.Darwinia was written in segments in Vancouver Whitehorse (Yukon) and Toronto.
 Day of Deceit: The Truth About FDR and Pearl Harbor is a book by Robert Stinnett alleging that the Roosevelt administration deliberately provoked and allowed the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in order to bring the United States into World War II.
 Daffy Duck for President is a children's book published by Warner Bros. and the United States Postal Service in 1997 to coincide with the release of the first Bugs Bunny U.S. postage stamp.
 Makers and Takers is a book by Peter Schweizer. It was published by Doubleday in June 2008. The book's thesis is summarized in its subtitle: Why conservatives work harder feel happier have closer families take fewer drugs give more generously value honesty more are less materialistic and envious whine less … and even hug their children more than liberals.
 Human Affairs is a philosophy journal published by the Slovak Academy of Sciences. It was founded in 1990. The journal focuses on contemporary human affairs with the goal to advance human self-understanding and communication. It publishes articles in English.
 11eyes: Tsumi to Batsu to Aganai no Shōjo (11eyes -罪と罰と贖いの少女- lit. 11eyes: Sin Damnation and the Atonement Girl) known simply as 11eyes in its anime adaptation is an adult visual novel developed and published by Lass first released on April 25 2008 for a Microsoft Windows PC as a DVD; 11 eyes is Lass' fourth game. A port playable on the Xbox 360 entitled 11eyes CrossOver was released on April 2 2009 published by 5pb..
 The Daily News Transcript (formerly known as the Neponset Valley Daily News) was a five-day (Monday through Friday) afternoon daily newspaper in Norwood Massachusetts U.S. covering the Neponset Valley of Norfolk County Massachusetts. The Transcript was originally published in Dedham and also covered Walpole and Westwood.In its final years the Transcript was managed and printed by The MetroWest Daily News. Both were owned by Community Newspaper Company a division of GateHouse Media.
 Zak's Lunch is a book written by Margie Palatini and Illustrated by Howard Fine. It is about a boy named Zak who refuses to eat the ham and cheese sandwich his mother made for him for lunch and goes into his imagination of a restaurant.
 Irish Tiger is the eleventh of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
 The Developers published in 2005 is a tech-humor fiction novel by author Ben Woods.
 The Junior Officers' Reading Club: Killing Time and Fighting Wars is a 2009 book by Patrick Hennessey a former officer in the Grenadier Guards.It charts his military career from training at Sandhurst through several campaigns including Iraq and Afghanistan and vividly describes not only the frenetic violence of a soldier's life but the periods of stifling and (sometimes) comic boredom living inside an institution in a state of flux: an Army caught between a world that needs it and a society that no longer understands it.The author joined the army after completing an English degree at Oxford University. 
 The Ornithological Dictionary; or Alphabetical Synopsis of British Birds was written by the English naturalist George Montagu (1753 – 20 June 1815) and first published by J. White of Fleet Street London in 1802. It was the first systematic attempt to compile a complete British list of birds and remained in use throughout the nineteenth century.
 The Exploits of Moominpappa first published in 1950 and then considerably revised in 1968 under the title Moominpappa's Memoirs is the fourth book in the Moomin series by Tove Jansson. The story found in this book is mentioned in the previous Moomin books as Moominpappa writes his memoirs in those stories. Unlike Comet in Moominland and Finn Family Moomintroll both versions of the novel were translated into English.
 Space Cadet is a 1948 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about Matt Dodson who joins the Space Patrol to help preserve peace in the Solar System. The story translates the standard military academy story into outer space: a boy from Iowa goes to officer school sees action and adventure shoulders responsibilities far beyond his experience and becomes a man. It was published as the second of the series of Heinlein juveniles and inspired the Tom Corbett Space Cadet media empire.
 The Accidental is a 2005 novel by Scottish author Ali Smith. It follows a middle-class English family who are visited by an uninvited guest Amber while they are on holiday in a small village in Norfolk. Amber's arrival has a profound effect on all the family members. Eventually she is cast out the house by the mother Eve. But the consequences of her appearance continue even after the family has returned home to London.The novel was received positively by critics.
 Toother is a 2007 horror short story by Terry Dowling.
 Psychologica Belgica is the official journal of the Belgian Association for Psychological Sciences (BAPS).
 Dash Kappei (ダッシュ勝平) is a sports manga series written and illustrated by Noboru Rokuda and first published in 1980 in Weekly Shōnen Sunday. The manga had 158 chapters. The manga was also adapted into a 65-episode anime TV series by Tatsunoko Production in 1981 chiefly directed by Masayuki Hayashi. The anime was aired across Japan on Fuji TV Sundays at 6 p.m. from 4 October 1981 to 26 December 1982.
 Reflexe is a Czech academic journal containing original research systematic reviews and translations relating to the fields of philosophy and theology. It has been established by Ladislav Hejdánek. During the period of 1985–89 the journal was printed and distributed in the samizdat form. Reflexe has been published officially since 1990. The journal appears two times a year with Jakub Čapek as editor-in-chief.
 Proteomics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering topics including whole proteome analysis of organisms protein expression profiling disease pharmaceutical agricultural and biotechnological applications and analysis of cellular systems organelles and protein complexes. The 2009 impact factor was 4.426.
 The Herald am was a free daily newspaper in Dublin which was published between 2005 and 2010. It was distributed at train stations bus stops Luas stations traffic junctions and high density footpaths and was one of two free newspapers distributed to Dublin commuters. It was owned by Independent News & Media and had a daily readership of around 120000 and a circulation of around 72000 copies daily. It merged with the competing publication Metro Ireland to form the Metro Herald in 2010.
 A Arcádia e a Inconfidência is a Portuguese language novel by Brazilian author Oswald de Andrade. It was first published in 1945.
 Journey to the End of the Whale (2005) is a novel by John David Morley a book that almost killed its author in the making.
 King of the City (2000) is a novel by Michael Moorcock. It is a satire on modern London and its literary scene and in part a sequel to Mother London [1]. Narrated by celebrity photographer and erstwhile rock star Dennis Dover it charts a chaotic ride through London from the sixties to the end of the century.
 Hindi Blogging : Abhivyakti Ki Nai Kranti (Hindi: हिन्दी ब्लॉगिंग : अभिव्यक्ति की नयी क्रान्ति) literally Hindi Blogging: Expression of new revolution is a book of critical writings based on the Hindi blogosphere. This is a first analytical book related Hindi Blogging edited by Ravindra Prabhat and Awinash Vachaspati.
 War of the Rats is a World War II fiction novel written by David L. Robbins in 1999.The book has sold worldwide in over 20 languages.
 Shinya Shokudō (深夜食堂) is a Japanese manga series by Yarō Abe. It won the 55th Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga and it was nominated for the 2nd Manga Taishō. It was adapted into a 10-episode live-action television drama in 2009 followed by second season in 2011.
 French News was a monthly newspaper based in Périgueux Dordogne France published in English and distributed mostly in France.
 AION Linguistica is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Università degli studi di Napoli “L'Orientale” and established in 1959. The current editor-in-chief is Domenico Silvestri and the editor is Alberto Manco.
 Boys of Steel: The Creators of Superman is an all-ages picture book written by Marc Tyler Nobleman and illustrated by Ross MacDonald. It's the first picture book biography of Superman creators Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster and is the first ever stand-alone biography of the pair.
 Philadelphia Gay News (PGN) is a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) newspaper in the Philadelphia area. The publication was founded in 1976 by Mark Segal who was inspired by activist Frank Kameny when they met in 1970.PGN is the oldest LGBT weekly publication in the country and the largest on the East Coast with 50000 weekly readers.PGN is a member of the National Gay Newspaper Guild.
 SIAM Journal on Discrete Mathematics (SIDMA) is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by SIAM.The journal includes articles on pure and applied discrete mathematics.It was founded in 1988 along with SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications to replace the SIAM Journal on Algebraic and Discrete Methods. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.57 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.668.
 The Kiss of Death is a novel written by Marcus Sedgwick and the sequel to My Swordhand is Singing. It is based in 18th Century Venice and follows the story of a young boy called Marco who is searching for his father who has gone missing. Soon enough old adversaries emerge.
 Les Soleils des indépendances is a first novel by Ivorian author Ahmadou Kourouma. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 1969.
 An Empire of Their Own: How the Jews Invented Hollywood is a non-fiction book whose topic is the careers of several prominent Jewish movie producers in the early years of Hollywood.
 Rising Stars is a 24-issue comic book limited series by J. Michael Straczynski about 113 people (called Specials) born with special abilities following the appearance of a mysterious light in the sky above Pederson Illinois. The series explores how society may react to the advent of superpowers and how those who are Specials may react towards society and each other. Rising Stars was one of the first comics produced under Straczynski's own Joe's Comics imprint for Top Cow Productions.
 The News Herald is a daily newspaper based in Morganton North Carolina covering Burke County.
 Migraine is the first book written by Oliver Sacks a well-known neurologist and author with a practice in New York City. The book was written in 1967 mostly over a nine-day period and first published in 1970. A revised and updated version was published in 1990.
 Flight is a comics anthology series edited by Kazu Kibuishi showcasing young and innovative artists and writers. Image Comics published the first two volumes. In June 2005 Kibuishi announced that the series would move from Image to Ballantine Books from Volume Three on in an attempt to increase sales through mainstream bookstores. Kibuishi also stated that subsequent volumes would be released twice-yearly.
 Stumptown is a four-issue American comic book limited series written by Greg Rucka with art by Matthew Southworth launched by Oni Press on November 4 2009. A second volume began in September 2012 and will run for five issues.The comic book is a modern day Detective fiction series based in Portland Oregon featuring Dex Parios a female private investigator with a gambling problem.
 Vampire Mountain is the fourth book in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan (his real name Darren O'Shaughnessy). It is part of the Vampire Rites Trilogy which consists of books four to six in the 12 book saga. It was first published by Collins in 2001 in Great Britain in 2001.
 Romulus My Father is a biographical memoir first published in 1998 by Australian philosopher Raimond Gaita which outlines the life of his father Romulus Gaita (1922 - May 1996). A film adaptation of the same name was released in 2007 starring Eric Bana Franka Potente and Kodi Smit-McPhee.
 Lucinda Brayford (1946) is a novel by Australian author Martin Boyd.
 Whole Earth Discipline: An Ecopragmatist Manifesto is the sixth book by Stewart Brand published by Viking Penguin in 2009. He sees Earth and people propelled by three transformations: climate change (global warming) urbanization and biotechnology. Brand tackles touchy issues like nuclear power genetic engineering and geoengineering fully aware that many of the environmentalist readers he hopes to reach will start out disagreeing with him.
 Interior (French: Intérieur) is an 1895 play in rhymed dialogue by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck. It was one of his few plays intended for marionettes.
 Workers Solidarity is the bi-monthly publication of the Irish anarchist organisation Workers Solidarity Movement. It is intended to provide an accessible introduction to anarchism for members of the public and to spread the influence of anarchist ideas in Ireland. It takes its name from the newspaper of the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo Solidaridad Obrera.
 Murder and Magic is a collection of short stories by Randall Garrett featuring his alternate history detective Lord Darcy. It was first published in paperback in 1979 by Ace Books and has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Chicken Soup for the Parent's Soul was the first book in the widely acclaimed “Chicken Soup for the Soul” series to specifically address parenting. The stories organized by topics such as “Insights and Lessons” and “Across Generations” were compiled over a three year period.The book originally published on September 14 2000 spent twelve weeks on the New York Times Best-Seller List three of those in the top ten. During the first six months of its release it sold 452305 copies alone.
 Shakespeare Wrote for Money is a 2008 collection of English author Nick Hornby's Stuff I've Been Reading columns for The Believer. It contains columns written from August 2006 to September 2008 Hornby's Stuff I've Been Reading Column. The introduction is written by American author Sarah Vowell.Previous collections of Hornby's Stuff I've Been Reading Column were collected in The Polysyllabic Spree (2004) and Housekeeping vs. The Dirt (2006).
 The Daily Guide (also called The Waynesvile Daily Guide and formerly the Fort Gateway Daily Guide) is a daily newspaper published in Pulaski County Missouri United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper's primary market is Waynesville Missouri though its offices are in neighboring St. Robert. The Daily Guide also covers neighboring Pulaski County cities such as Crocker Dixon and Richland.
 Revolutionary Girl Utena (少女革命ウテナ Shōjo Kakumei Utena) is a manga by Chiho Saito and anime directed by Kunihiko Ikuhara. The manga serial began in the June 1996 issue of Ciao and the anime was first broadcast in 1997. The anime and manga were created simultaneously but despite some similarities they progressed in different directions.
 Flora Graeca was a publication of the plants of Greece in the late 18th century resulting from a survey by John Sibthorp and Ferdinand Bauer. The botanical descriptions and illustrations were to become highly valued by the English audience the finely crafted and illustrated work was of both scientific and horticultural interest.Sibthorp met the botanical illustrator Bauer in Vienna where he had made a voyage to study a copy of Dioscorides early botanical work.
 Crawling Sky is a graphic novel adapted from a short story by Joe R. Lansdale by his son Keith Lansdale. It follows the further adventures of the Reverend Jedidiah Mercer. In this story he ventures into a decrepit unnamed town in East Texas. He soon learns the entire town is possessed by an evil entity. The Reverend soon meetsMary and Norville who agree to help anyway they can. They go to a cabin in an area right in the middle of the evil powers hold sway.
 The Fall of Colossus is a science fiction novel written in 1974 by the British author Dennis Feltham Jones. It is the second volume in the Colossus trilogy and a sequel to Jones' 1966 novel Colossus.
 Free Agent is a 2009 spy thriller novel written by Jeremy Duns. It is the first in a trilogy of spy thrillers featuring MI6 agent Paul Dark and is set at the height of the Cold War in 1969.
 Owls in the Family is a children's novel written by Farley Mowat first published in 1962.
 Jens von Bustenskjold is the title of a Norwegian comic strip which appeared in Arbeidermagasinet (later renamed Magasinet For Alle) from 1934 to 1970. The series was created by Sigurd Lybeck and illustrated by Anders Bjørgaard. The series was basis for the 1958 comedy film Bustenskjold.
 Mycelium Running: How Mushrooms Can Help Save the World is the sixth book written by American mycologist Paul Stamets.In Mycelium Running (Ten Speed Press 2005) Stamets explores the use and applications of fungi in bioremediation—a practice called mycoremediation. Stamets details methods of termite and ant control using nontoxic mycelia and describes how certain fungi may be able to neutralize anthrax nerve gas and smallpox.
 Local Environment is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers subjects relating to development geography development studies environmental policy environmental politics environmental sociology environmental studies human geography political sociology social geography sustainable development urban sociology and urban studies. It is published by Routledge and the editor-in-chief is Julian Agyeman (Tufts University).
 The Shape of Things to Come is a work of science fiction by H. G. Wells published in 1933 which speculates on future events from 1933 until the year 2106. In the book a world state is established as the solution to humanity's problems.
 The Reach is a short story by Stephen King. First published in Yankee in 1981 under the title Do the Dead Sing? it was later collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 Tchahagir (Ջահակիր in Armenian) is an Armenian-language weekly published in Cairo Egypt by the Social Democrat Hunchakian Party.Published since 5 May 1948 as bi-weekly four years later it became monthly then periodical. Second period of publication started on 7 November 1963 (3000 copies each issue). Includes 6 then 4 pages. Tchahakir was published by Aida Serovbian and Sargis Balayan and its literary section was edited by Armen Dadour. Currently the editor is Avetis Movsesian.
 Szabadság (Freedom) is a Hungarian-language local daily newspaper published in Kolozsvár/Cluj-Napoca Romania. Its average circulation is about 7000-8000 copies a day with a readership up to 40000 readers.
 The Discomfort Zone: A Personal History is a 2006 memoir by Jonathan Franzen who received the National Book Award for Fiction for his novel The Corrections in 2001.
 Hungarian Studies is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study of Hungarian studies. It was established in 1985 and is the official journal of the International Association for Hungarian Studies. The editor-in-chief is Mihály Szegedy-Maszák.
 Clermont is a Gothic novel by Regina Maria Roche. It was first published in 1798 by the sensationalist Minerva Press.
 Rules of Engagement is a science fiction novel written by Elizabeth Moon. It is the fifth in her Familias Regnant fictional universe. Following Once a Hero it is the second novel in the informal Esmay Suiza trilogy; despite a major increase in focus on the character Brun Meager Esmay Suiza still plays a major role.
 A Fan's Notes is a novel by Frederick Exley first published in 1968. Subtitled A Fictional Memoir and categorized as fiction the book is somewhat autobiographical. In a brief Note to the reader in the opening pages Exley asserts This may give one a sense of Exley's sense of humor but for all intents and purposes the book is a confession.
 A Fine Magic is a 2006 fantasy short story by Margo Lanagan.
 The Scold's Bridle (1994) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters. The book Walters' third won a CWA Gold Dagger.
 Agon is a newspaper published in Albania and based in Tirana. The paper was launched in 2007 as a free daily being the first in its category.
 Roark's Formulas for Stress and Strain was first published in 1938 and the most current eighth edition was published in November 2011. The subjects covered in the book include: joints bearing and shear stress experimental stress analysis and stress concentrations as well as material behavior coverage and stress and strain measurement.
 An Indian Study of Love and Death (1908) is a book written by Sister Nivedita.
 Amagami (アマガミ Amagami lit. Gentle bite) is a Japanese dating simulation game for the PlayStation 2 and the spiritual successor to KimiKiss both of which were developed and published by Enterbrain. Amagami was released on March 19 2009. As of November 2010 six manga adaptations have been produced: two serialized in Enterbrain's Famitsu Comic Clear two in Hakusensha's Young Animal and Young Animal Island one in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Maoh and one in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace.
 Floating Flies and How to Dress Them - A Treatise on the Most Modern Methods of Dressing Artificial Flies for Trout and Grayling with Full Illustrated Directions and Containing Ninety Hand-Coloured Engravings of the Most Killing Patterns Together with a Few Hints to Dry-Fly Fishermen is a fly fishing book written by Frederic M. Halford published in London in April 1886 by Sampson Low. A deluxe edition (100 copies) on large paper sold out before publication and the trade edition of 500 nearly so.
 Amis and Amiloun is a Middle English romance in tail rhyme from the late thirteenth century. The 2508-line poem tells the story of two friends one of whom is punished by God with leprosy for engaging in a trial by ordeal after the other has been seduced and betrayed. The poem is praised for the technical competency displayed in the stanzaic organization though its quality as a chivalric romance is not highly esteemed. It is found in four manuscripts ranging from c. 1330 to c.
 Chronicles of Avonlea is a collection of short stories by L. M. Montgomery related to the Anne of Green Gables series. It features an abundance of stories relating to the fictional Canadian village of Avonlea and was first published in 1912.
 Freckles is a novel written by the American writer and naturalist Gene Stratton-Porter. It is primarily set in the Limberlost Swamp area of Indiana with brief scenes set in Chicago. The title character also appears briefly in Porter's A Girl of the Limberlost.
 Karjalan Sanomat (Karelian News) is a Finnish language newspaper from the Republic of Karelia published in Petrozavodsk.Previous names: 1920-1923: Karjalan kommuuni (Carelian Commune) 1923-1937: Punainen Karjala (Red Carelia) 1938-1940: Советской Карелия (Soviet Carelia) 1940-1955: Totuus (Truth) 1955-1957: Leninilainen totuus (Lenin's Truth) 1957-1991: Neuvosto-Karjala (Soviet Carelia) 1991-: Karjalan sanomat (Carelian News)From 1938 to 1940 the newspaper was printed in Karelian using Cyrillic rather than Finnish.
 Mahoromatic (まほろまてぃっく Mahoromatikku) is a sci-fi romantic comedy manga and anime series which contains elements of the literary genre of tragic dramas. It is about a female android former soldier Mahoro. Driven by guilt from her actions during her combat days she decides to dedicate the rest of her life to serving the son of her late commander as a maid.
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul will be a novel written by Jeff Kinney. It is scheduled to be the ninth book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series. On April 28 2014 Kinney announced the book's title as well as its cover. The book will be released on November 4 2014 and will feature Greg Heffley's family taking a road trip.
 A Step From Heaven is the first novel by An Na published in 2001 by Front Street Press. It won the 2002 Michael L. Printz Award from the American Library Association.
 Gandhi as a Political Strategist is a book about the political strategies used by Mahatma Gandhi and their ongoing implications and applicability outside of their original Indian context. Written by Gene Sharp the book was originally published in the United States in 1979. An Indian edition was published in 1999. The book has been reviewed in several professional journals.
 The Grass Crown is the second historical novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series.The novel opens shortly after the action of The First Man in Rome. Gaius Marius and Lucius Cornelius Sulla eat dinner together with their wives and discuss the threat presented by Mithridates VI of Pontus and Tigranes II of Armenia.
 Immunome Research is an open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of immunology. It was established in 2005 and covers immunomics a combination of immunology and genomics proteomics and bioinformatics as well as mathematical modeling.
 The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton the Perfect Cat and His Imperfect Human is the third and final short novel by Peter Gethers that documents his life with his cat Norton a Scottish Fold. It was preceded by A Cat Abroad and documents the final portion of Norton's life and the repercussions his death have.
 Chronicle of a Death Foretold (Spanish: Crónica de una muerte anunciada) is a novella by Gabriel García Márquez published in 1981. It tells in the form of a pseudo-journalistic reconstruction the story of the murder of Santiago Nasar by the two Vicario brothers.
 Master Georgie is a 1998 historical novel by English novelist Beryl Bainbridge. It deals with the British experience of the Crimean War through the adventures of the eponymous central character George Hardy who volunteers to work on the battlefields.The novel was a New York Times Book Review Notable Book and won the WH Smith Literary Award in 1999. It was nominated for the Booker Prize in what was Bainbridge's fifth nomination.
 Tempo (Serbian Cyrillic: Teмпo) was a Serbia-based magazine devoted to sports published weekly.
 Mojo: Conjure Stories is an anthology of fantasy and horror short stories edited by the writer Nalo Hopkinson and published in 2003.
 Državna Tajna (English: State Secret) is a book by Semir Halilović son of Bosnian general Sefer Halilović published in 2005. The book has the tagline STROGO POVJERLJIVO (TOP SECRET.)He published a follow-up book Državna Tajna 2: Vojska poražene ideje (English: State Secret 2: The Army of a Beaten Idea) in 2007.
 Sand Chronicles (砂時計 Sunadokei lit. Hourglass) is a manga by Hinako Ashihara. It completed serialization in Japan in Betsucomi during 2005 and was licenced by Viz Media. It began serialization in English in Shojo Beat's August 2007 issue replacing Yume Kira Dream Shoppe. Sand Chronicles has been released in Germany under the title Sunadokei - Die Sanduhr and is translated by Burkhard Höfler.The series has also been adapted as a dorama series in Japan.
 Also Known as 'The Sieve of Time: The Memoirs of Leni Riefenstahl' (UK) and 'Leni Riefenstahl: A Memoir' (US)Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren is the 1987 autobiography of German film director Leni Riefenstahl. The book received a 1993 American release and coincided with the release of the acclaimed documentary; The Wonderful Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl as well as Riefenstahl's ninetieth birthday. It was featured on the 1993 New York Times list of notable books of the year.
 A Perfect Spy (1986) by British author John le Carré is a novel about the mental and moral dissolution of a high level secret agent.
 See Burmese chronicles for the royal chronicles of Burma (Myanmar).Chroniques Birmanes published in English as Burma Chronicles is a 2007 Canadian graphic novel written and illustrated by Guy Delisle. Burma Chronicles is a travelogue about Delisle's time spent in Burma with his young son Louis and his wife Nadège an administrator for Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
 The Yellow Admiral is a novel by English author Patrick O'Brian the eighteenth in the Aubrey-Maturin series of historical fiction set in the era of the Napoleonic Wars.
 Ginger is a children's picture book by Charlotte Voake. In 1997 it won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Gold Award. It is about a pampered house cat who resents the sudden appearance of a kitten in her life. The book is followed by Ginger Finds a Home a prequel and Ginger and the Mystery Visitor in which Ginger and the kitten confront a stranger.
 Frost is a collection of mystery stories by author Donald Wandrei. It was released in 2000 by F & B Mystery in an edition of 1100 copies of which 100 were signed by the editor and artist and released in a slipcase with Wandrei's Three Mysteries. The stories features Wandrei's scientist detective I. V. Frost and originally appeared in the magazine Clues Detective. It collects the first 8 stories with the final 10 to come in a subsequent volume.
 Clerks. is a series of comics published in the late 1990s by Oni Press that continue the adventures of Dante Randal and other characters from Kevin Smith's film Clerks Written by Smith but illustrated by varying artists the style in these comics is very different from that of the later animated series. The books were republished in paperback and hardcover and were compiled into Clerks. (The Comic Books) published by Image Comics in March 2000.Each of the three original Clerks.
 The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon is a 1991 novel by American author Tom Spanbauer set at the beginning of the 20th century. Told primarily in flashback by its protagonist a half-breed Native American named Out-There-In-The-Shed (Shed for short) most of the action occurs in the late 19th century in the fictional town of Excellent Idaho as Shed grows up learns about his parents and falls in love. The work is Spanbauer's second novel.
 The Sowers of the Thunder is a short story by Robert E.
 Aulularia is a Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus. The title has been translated as The Pot of Gold and the plot revolves around a literal pot of gold which the miserly protagonist Euclio guards zealously. The play’s ending does not survive though there are indications of how the plot is resolved in later summaries and a few fragments of dialogue.
 The Lottery Rose is a novel by Irene Hunt (A Winning Newbery Award Author).[citation needed] It was published in 1976. This book is sometimes recommended for middle school children and up.[citation needed]Sister Mary Angela the head of the school Georgie attends tries to help Georgie by finding a place to plant the rosebush elsewhere. However Georgie strongly believes that Mrs. Harper's garden is the rightful place for the rosebush to be planted in.
 Strange Life of Ivan Osokin (Russian: Странная жизнь Ивана Осокина) is a novel by P. D. Ouspensky. It follows the unsuccessful struggle of Ivan Osokin to correct his mistakes when given a chance to relive his past. The novel serves as a narrative platform for Nietzsche's theory of eternal recurrence[citation needed]. The conclusion fully anticipates the Fourth Way Philosophy which typified Ouspensky's later works[citation needed].
 Yellow Springs News is an independently owned weekly newspaper that serves the community of Yellow Springs Ohio. It has a weekly circulation of approximately 1800.
 Suomen Kuvalehti (Finnish: the picture magazine or the Finnish picture magazine) is a weekly Finnish magazine published by Otava (publisher) (formally Yhtyneet Kuvalehdet) every Friday. The magazine has a circulation of 101000 and its editor is Tapani Ruokanen. Suomen Kuvalehti aims to write broad articles about current topics.The comic strip Blondie regularly appears in the magazine.
 Quo is a monthly Spanish-language magazine that informs about science through thinking and entertainment. It contains articles pertaining to health sex ecology technology nutrition psychology and human life. Its content has the capability to answer all the basic doubts a person might have about the world they live in. The magazine was created in Spain by the Hachette Filipacchi publisher. It was released in Spain in 1995.
 Princess (プリンセス Purinsesu) is a shōjo manga magazine published monthly on the 6th in Japan by Akita Shoten. It is aimed at teenage girls and its main competitors are Lala Bessatsu Margaret and Betsucomi. Its sister publication is Princess Gold (プリンセスGOLD Purinsesu Gōrudo) which branched out from the Princess magazine in 1979. Princess Gold is published 9 times a year.
 Modern Railways is a British monthly magazine covering the rail transport industry which was published by Ian Allan until March 2012 and Key Publishing since then.
 Neverwhere is the companion novelisation by Neil Gaiman of the television serial Neverwhere by Neil Gaiman and Lenny Henry. The plot and characters are exactly the same as in the series with the exception that the novel form allowed Gaiman to expand and elaborate on certain elements of the story and restore changes made in the televised version from his original plans.
 The Thirteenth Night is a short story by Ichiyō Higuchi first published in 1895. It follows Oseki Harada a woman who is in a married to an abusive husband named Isamu Harada. Oseki left her home abandoning her child with her abusive husband in order to seek permission for a divorce from her parents more specifically her father. Ichiyo gives detailed descriptions of both scenery and what is going on in each characters mind.
 Eva Luna is a novel written by Chilean novelist Isabel Allende in 1987 and translated from Spanish to English by Margaret Sayers Peden.Eva Luna takes us into the life of the eponymous protagonist an orphan who grows up in an unidentified country in South America.
 Per Linguam is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Stellenbosch University. It covers topics related to language learning and applied language studies and has more recently started including a focus on multilingualism and educational psychology. The issue of multilingualism in particular has been identified as an important issue in South Africa.
 Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations (ISBN 0-385-31474-4) is a 1996 American book by Al Franken. It is satirically critical of 1990s right-wing political figures such as Pat Buchanan Bob Dole Phil Gramm Newt Gingrich and particularly radio host Rush Limbaugh.
 Indian Nocturne (Italian: Notturno indiano) is a 1984 novella by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi. It tells the story of a man on a search for his mysterious friend in India. The book won the French Prix Médicis étranger in 1987. Alain Corneau directed a 1989 French film adaptation with the title Nocturne indien.
 The Truth About Forever is Sarah Dessen's sixth novel. It was published in hardcover on May 11 2004 and in paperback on April 6 2006. In 2006 the audiobook adaptation of The Truth About Forever was one of the Young Adult Library Services Association's selected picks for that year.
 Victoria Regina is a 1934 play by Laurence Housman about Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom. It was a notable vehicle for Helen Hayes.In 1937 the Lord Chamberlain ruled that no British sovereign may be portrayed on the British stage until 100 years after his or her accession. For this reason Victoria Regina could not be staged until the centenary of Queen Victoria's accession 20 June 1937. This was a Sunday so the premiere took place the next day.
 Dogsong is a 1985 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen and is a Newbery Honor Book. It is about a 14-year-old Eskimo Russel Susskit and his dogs who is searching for answers about his life that he cannot find. His father could not tell him the answers—but a blind old man named Oogruk sets him in the right direction.
 1493: Uncovering the New World Columbus Created is a nonfiction book by Charles C. Mann first published in 2011. It covers the global effects of the Columbian Exchange following Columbus's first landing in the Americas that lead to our current globalized world civilization.
 Star Songs of an Old Primate is the third short story collection by Alice Sheldon (under the pen name James Tiptree Jr.). It was published by Del Rey Books (a specialized SF and Fantasy imprint of Ballantine Books) in 1978. It was the first of Tiptree's books published after the revelation that Tiptree was a female rather than male writer.
 Reuben is a novel by the American writer John Edgar Wideman set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the 1980s. The novel tells the story of Reuben an aging African American who lives in an abandoned trailer but is a lawyer and go-between on behalf of poor blacks in Homewood a neighborhood of the East End.
 The Nightly News is a six-issue American comic book limited series written and drawn by Jonathan Hickman and published by Image Comics.
 Women En Large: Images of Fat Nudes by Laurie Toby Edison with text by Debbie Notkin was published in 1994 by Books in Focus. The book is a fine-art photography book of nudes of fat women.
 ‘Hello’ Said the Stick is a science fiction short story published in 2002 by Michael Swanwick. It was nominated for the 2003 Hugo Award for Best Short Story as well as the 2003 Locus Award.
 Finnlands Lebensraum is a 1941 Finnish propaganda book which was published to support the Greater Finland ideology. It was written by geographer Väinö Auer historian Eino Jutikkala and ethnographer Kustaa Vilkuna who worked for the Finland's state propaganda and information department. National Socialist ideas were later added to the script by Yrjö von Grönhagen a Nazi-minded Finnish military attaché in Berlin.
 The Moth Eaten Howdah of the Tusker is a novel written by Indira Goswami in Kamrupi language. Book deals with different social issues of mid twentieth century Kamrup. Published as Dontal Hatir Une Khowa Howdah in 1986 it was translated into English by the author in 2004.
 Menaud maître-draveur is a novel by Félix-Antoine Savard first published in 1937. It is considered as a classic masterpiece of Quebec literature's traditional roman de terre or novel of the land.Savard made four editions of his novel : 1938 translated to English by Alan Sullivan with the title Boss of the River 1944 1960 1964 translated to English by Richard Howard with the title Master of the River
 South Park and Philosophy: You Know I Learned Something Today is the first non-fiction book in Blackwell Publishing Company’s Philosophy & Pop Culture series and is edited by philosopher and ontologist Robert Arp at the time assistant professor of philosophy at Southwest Minnesota State University. The series itself is edited by William Irwin who is a professor of philosophy at King's College Pennsylvania in Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania.
 Conan the sword-and-sorcery character created by Robert E. Howard is the protagonist of five major comic series published by Dark Horse Comics.
 The Deadly Curse of Toco-Rey is a young-adult fiction story written by seasoned veteran of the thriller genre Frank E. Peretti. Toco-Rey has all the elements of an Indiana Jones tale mixed up with Stephen King fantasy/horror and tied up with a good dose of religion.
 War Game is a children's novel about World War I written and illustrated by Michael Foreman and published by Pavilion in 1993. It features four young English soldiers and includes football with German soldiers during the Christmas truce temporary relief from the brutal and seemingly endless struggle in the trenches.War Game won the 1993 Nestlé Children's Book Prize in ages category 6–8 years and overall.
 Loamhedge is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 2003. It is the 16th book in the Redwall series.
 They Drive By Night is the second novel by British author James Curtis published in 1938. It is a crime thriller set in 1930s London and the North of England dealing with working-class themes in a Social realism style.
 The Pirate is also the title of novels by Harold Robbins and Frederick MarryatThe Pirate is a novel by Walter Scott based roughly on the life of John Gow who features as Captain Cleveland. The setting is the southern tip of the main island of Shetland (which Scott visited in 1814) around 1700. It was published in 1822 the year after it was finished and the lighthouse at Sumburgh Head began to operate.
 O gaúcho is a novel written by the Brazilian writer José de Alencar. It was first published in 1870.
 The Face of the Clam is a 1947 novel by author Luther Whiteman. The story is a fictionalized account of the Dunites a group of bohemians who lived in the Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes on the Central Coast of California from the 1920s-1940s. Humorously Whiteman claims in a disclaimer at the front of the book that the Dunites never existed.Long out of print and considered rare the South County Historical Society published a new edition of the book in 2010.
 Science Technology & Human Values (ST&HV) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the relationship of science and technology with society. The journal's editor-in-chief is Edward J. Hackett (Arizona State University). From the Newsletter on Science Technology and Human Values that Gerald Holton established in 1972 it became Science Technology & Human Values in 1976. ST&HV is published by the Society for Social Studies of Science in conjunction with SAGE Publications.
 The Cleft Palate-Craniofacial Journal is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal. It is was established in 1964 and is the official publication of the American Cleft Palate-Craniofacial Association. The journal's mission statement is to publish information of the highest scientific quality regarding cleft palate and other craniofacial anomalies in order to advance the global education of scientists and clinicians. The current editor is Jack C. Yu.
 SF '58: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy is a 1958 anthology of science fiction and fantasy short stories and articles edited by Judith Merril. It was published by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies of which 1263 were never bound. It was the third in a series of 12 annual anthologies edited by Merrill.
 Alpha Centauri or Die! is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett.
 Fattypuffs and Thinifers (ISBN 1903252075) is a translation of the French children's book Patapoufs et Filifers written in 1930 by André Maurois. It concerns the imaginary underground land of the fat and congenial Fattypuffs and the thin and irritable Thinifers which is visited by the Double brothers the plump Edmund and the thin Terry.
 Engines of Creation: The Coming Era of Nanotechnology is a 1986 molecular nanotechnology book written by K. Eric Drexler with a foreword by Marvin Minsky. An updated version was released in 2007. The book has been translated into Japanese French Spanish Italian Russian and Chinese.
 The Politics of Truth: Inside the Lies that Led to War and Betrayed My Wife's CIA Identity: A Diplomat's Memoir (New York: Carroll & Graf 2004; paperback ed. 2005) by former Ambassador Joseph Wilson IV was first published as a hardcover edition in 2004.Both a political and personal memoir Wilson's autobiographical account of over two decades of his life in foreign service includes detailed descriptions of his extensive diplomatic including his career his first two marriages and his courtship and marriage to Valerie Plame his third and current wife. 
 The Cleft (2007) is a novel by Doris Lessing.
 Her Master's Voice was a 1933 Broadway two act comedy written by Clare Kummer produced by Max Gordon and staged by C. Worthington Miner with scenic design created by Raymond Sovey.
 La Bretagne ouvrière paysanne et maritime ('Workers' Peasants' and Sailors' Brittany') was a weekly newspaper published 1935-1950 in Brittany France. It a regional organ of the French Communist Party in Brittany.The newspaper was launched on October 5 1935 by Auguste Havez. The launching of the new publication was helped by the communist parliamentarian Alain Signor. The newspaper was initially published from Douarnenez.
 Sharpe's Trafalgar is a historical novel by Bernard Cornwell a Sharpe adventure in a different setting. Cornwell blends Sharpe's history into this greatest of Britain's sea triumphs. Sharpe meets a new set of characters rogues rascals and heroes including a personal meeting with Lord Nelson. He also has a love affair and plays a major role in the battle.
 Jeanette MacDonald: The Irving Stone Letters is a book of personal love letters written by 1930s movie star Jeanette MacDonald annotated by Sharon Rich. It was published by Bell Harbour Press in 2002.Stone's family owned Milwaukee's Boston Store. MacDonald dated Irving Stone during her Broadway years from 1927-8. Her handwritten letters telegrams and postcards were photographed and reproduced spanning the years 1927 through 1938.
 The Secret of Chimneys is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by The Bodley Head in June 1925 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. It introduces the characters of Superintendent Battle and Lady Eileen Bundle Brent. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00.At the request of George Lomax Lord Caterham reluctantly agrees to host a weekend party at his home Chimneys.
 Maghreb Confidential is a newsletter specializing in North African politics and business.
 The Cornell Lunatic the college humor magazine at Cornell University was founded on April 1 1978 by Joey Green. During Green’s tenure as editor the Lunatic was a 72 page glossy magazine of satire and parody published once a semester. The Lunatic staff was responsible for many pranks on campus including a parody of the 1979 Cornell–Yale Homecoming Football Game program.
 The Way We Live Now is a satirical novel by Anthony Trollope published in London in 1875 after first appearing in serialised form. It is one of the last significant Victorian novels to have been published in monthly parts.Comprising 100 chapters The Way We Live Now was Trollope's longest novel and is particularly rich in sub-plot.
 Consumer Reports is an American magazine published monthly by Consumers Union since 1936. It publishes reviews and comparisons of consumer products and services based on reporting and results from its in-house testing laboratory and survey research center. Consumer Reports is the largest most trusted independent product testing organization in the world. They accept no advertising pay for all the products they test and as a not for profit organization they have no shareholders.
 The Standing Dead is a fantasy novel by Ricardo Pinto. It is the second part of the The Stone Dance of the Chameleon series. Published first in May 2002 by Bantam Press.The story explores the relationship between its two principal characters Osidian and Carnelian as Osidian moves from suicidal despondency at the loss of his throne to a singleminded and ruthless quest for revenge.
 The American Jewess (1895–1899) described itself as the only magazine in the world devoted to the interests of Jewish women. It was the first English-language periodical targeted to American Jewish women covering an evocative range of topics that ranged from women's place in the synagogue to whether women should ride bicycles. The magazine also served as the publicity arm for the newly founded National Council of Jewish Women.
 First Light: The Story of the Boy Who Became a Man in the War-Torn Skies Above Britain is a 2002 memoir by Geoffrey Wellum a British fighter pilot in World War II.
 Rakvere romaan (Estonian for Rakvere Novel) is a 1982 historical novel by Estonian writer Jaan Kross.It's about Rakvere's struggle for the 1302 gained town rights in the 18th century when the Tiesenhausens want to own the town's land.The book is translated into Finnish (Pietarin tiellä; 1984) Swedish (Romanen om Rakvere; 1988) Russian (Раквереского романа; 1989) and German (Die Frauen von Wesenberg; 2003).
 The Journal of Philosophical Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal sponsored by the University of Notre Dame and the Canadian Philosophical Association. It publishes articles in English or French from any philosophical orientation. The current editor-in-chief is Michael DePaul (University of Notre Dame) and published by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Renal & Urology News is an online medical news website and monthly print publication based in New York City that reports on clinical news for nephrologists and urologists with coverage focusing on medical conferences and papers in peer-reviewed journals.
 Winterdance: The Fine Madness of Running the Iditarod is a non-fiction book written by Gary Paulsen. It was published in 1994 and it also is the inspiration for the Disney movie Snow Dogs.
 Traveller Wedding is a 2009 novel by Irish filmmaker Graham Jones.The story is narrated by a nomadic woman called Christine who is furious at the release of a violent videogame about a traveller wedding and determined to tell the story of her people more authentically.
 The People of Sparks a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Jeanne DuPrau that was published in 2004. It is the second Book of Ember in the series and a sequel to The City of Ember; other books in the series include The Prophet of Yonwood and The Diamond of Darkhold.The Playtone Company (the production company that released the City of Ember film) also purchased the rights to The People of Sparks but after the box office failure of the first film plans for the sequel were shelved.
 The Glass Palace is a 2000 historical novel by Indian writer Amitav Ghosh. The novel is set in Burma Bengal India and Malaya spans a century from the fall of the Konbaung Dynasty in Mandalay through the Second World War to modern times.
 Peckhamia is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research on jumping spiders. It is published by the Peckham Society an international organization of naturalists and scientists with an interest in jumping spiders. The journal was established in 1977 and its current editor-in-chief is David E.
 Calculated Risk is a 1960 science fiction novel – specifically a time travel story – by Charles Eric Maine. It was first published in the U. K. by Hodder & Stoughton; a paperback version by Corgi Books appeared in 1962.The novel explores themes of personal moral responsibility and in particular the responsibility of scientists to prevent abuse of the results of their research.
 Tug Transom is a British daily comic strip written by Peter O'Donnell and drawn by Alfred Sindall. It relates the adventures of the captain of a merchant ship in ports all over the world. The strips are identified by a letter followed by a number each series running for approximately one year. The final strip is Q52. The only reprint of the strip in English is in The Menomonee Falls Gazette.
 Eye of the Storm is a novel by John Ringo as part of the Legacy of the Aldenata series. It is set after the defeat of the Posleen on Earth and introduces a new threat from outside the galaxy - the Hedren.
 The Journal of Tissue Engineering is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal that covers research on tissue engineering. Its editors-in-chief are Hae-Won Kim (Dankook University) and Jonathan Knowles (UCL Eastman Dental Institute). It was established in 2010 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Acorn User magazine was founded by Acorn Computers in 1982 contract-published by Addison-Wesley to coincide with the launch of the BBC Micro. It covered the range of Acorn home computers the BBC Micro and Atom at first and later the Electron Archimedes and Risc PC.The first issue was dated July/August 1982.
 New Politics is an independent socialist journal founded in 1961 and still published in the United States today.
 San Diego Gay & Lesbian News (SDGLN) is a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) online news source for the San Diego California area. SDGLN features daily news and commentary online with a weekly wrap-up of stories delivered to e-mail subscribers every week.
 All the Weyrs of Pern is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. Published in 1991 it was the eleventh book published in the Dragonriders of Pern series.
 Of Missing Persons is a 1955 science fiction short story by Jack Finney which describes a burned-out bank teller named Charley Ewell living in 1955 New York City who receives a chance to emigrate from Earth to Verna a lush earthlike planet light-years away.
 Worst. Person. Ever. is the fourteenth novel by Douglas Coupland published in 2013. The novel is the story of Raymond Gunt an offensive and shocking narrator and his journey from London through Los Angeles to Kiribati an island in the Pacific Ocean where he is to work on a Reality Television show. The novel focuses on this character's direct and inflammatory reflections on the world around him and the characters he meets.
 In the Courts of the Crimson Kings is a 2008 alternate history science fiction novel by American writer S. M. Stirling.
 Playing with Fire is the fourteenth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 2004 but has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Difficult Loves (Italian: Gli amori difficili) is a 1970 short story collection by Italo Calvino. It concerns love and the difficulty of communication.Some published versions of the English translation by William Weaver omit a number of the stories and also include other Calvino stories about the Second World War and postwar period including those from The Crow Comes Last; some of these were translated by Archibald Colquhoun and Peggy Wright.
 Crossroad (クロスロード Kurosurōdo) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shioko Mizuki. It was serialized by Akita Shoten in the shōjo manga magazine Princess from 2003 to 2005 and collected in five bound volumes. It is licensed in North America by Go! Comi and in France by Taifu Comics. It is about a teenage girl Kajitsu who after her grandmother dies ends up living with her two stepbrothers and younger stepsister all unrelated to each other.
 Put Out More Flags the sixth novel by Evelyn Waugh was first published by Chapman and Hall in 1942. The novel is set during the first year of the Second World War and follows the wartime activities of characters introduced in Waugh's earlier satirical novels Decline and Fall Vile Bodies and Black Mischief.
 The Yale Literary Magazine founded in 1836 is the oldest literary magazine in the United States and publishes poetry and fiction by Yale undergraduates twice per academic year.The magazine is published biannually.
 Blood Mud is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1990s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Mario Balzic is the protagonist an atypical detective for the genre a Serbo-Italian American cop unpretentious a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force.
 Tales from the Aniverse is a science fiction comic book created by Randy Zimmerman and Susan Van Camp first published in 1985 by Arrow Comics featuring anthropomorphic animals as the main characters.
 Sarah's Key (French: Elle s'appelait Sarah) is a novel by Tatiana de Rosnay first published in September 2006. Two main parallel plots are followed through the book. The first is that of ten-year-old Sarah Starzynski a Jewish girl born in Paris who is arrested with her parents during the Vel' d'Hiv Roundup. Before they go she locks her four-year-old brother in a cupboard thinking the family should be back in a few hours.
 The Express-Star Grady County's News Source is a daily newspaper published six days a week in Chickasha Oklahoma United States. The publication covers Grady County Oklahoma. It is published Monday through Friday and on Sundays.The publication is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. a company founded in 1997 by Ralph Martin. CNHI newspapers cross-sell advertising packages and share some editorial content through the CNHI News Service.
 Die Aula is a far-right Austrian magazine. It was started as monthly but later became a bi-monthly magazine.
 The Feminine Mystique is a 1963 book by Betty Friedan which is widely credited with sparking the beginning of second-wave feminism in the United States.In 1957 Friedan was asked to conduct a survey of her former Smith College classmates for their 15th anniversary reunion; the results in which she found that many of them were unhappy with their lives as housewives prompted her to begin research for The Feminine Mystique conducting interviews with other suburban housewives as well as researching psychology media and advertising. 
 The Fall of the Towers is a trilogy of science fantasy books by Samuel R. Delany.First published in omnibus form in 1970 the trilogy was originally published individually as Captives of the Flame (1963 rewritten as Out of the Dead City in 1968) The Towers of Toron (1964) and City of a Thousand Suns (1965). The first two books were somewhat rewritten for the omnibus edition.
 Slights is a 2009 horror novel by Australian writer Kaaron Warren. It is her debut novel and is about a woman who withdraws from society and has near-death experiences in which she enters a dark room where she is tormented by people she had previously slighted.
 The Texas Almanac is a biennially published reference work providing information for the general public on the history of the state and its people government and politics economics natural resources holidays culture education recreation the arts and other topics.
 The Elder Wisdom Circle (EWC) is a nonprofit organization that provides free and confidential advice on a broad range of topics. The EWC also publishes an advice column in both a Web version and a syndicated print version that is carried in 25 publications.The Elder Wisdom Circle is targeted towards young people looking for advice from a “cyber-grandparent”.
 The Kindly Ones (1962) is a novel by Anthony Powell that forms the sixth in his twelve-volume sequence A Dance to the Music of Time. Nonetheless the story stands up on its own and may be enjoyed without having read the preceding books.The novel captures the dying fall of the period between the wars relating the run up to the Second World War to the circumstances prevailing just before the Great War.
 Milliyet (Turkish for nationality) is a major Turkish daily newspaper founded in 1950.
 The Mummy's Foot (French: Le Pied de momie) is a gothic short story by the French writer Théophile Gautier first published in 1840. It relates the fantastical tale of a contemporary man and the adventures which befall him when he ventures into a Parisian curiosity shop and buys the four thousand year old foot of Princess Hermonthis.
 The Blade of the Courtesans is a historical fiction novel by Japanese author Keiichiro Ryu originally published in 1986. It was published in English by Vertical Inc in 2008. Ryu's debut novel it was nominated for a Naoki Award and instantly made him a doyen of historical fiction.
 Troll Bridge is a Discworld short story written by Terry Pratchett in 1991 for a collection entitled After The King: Stories in Honour of J.R.R. Tolkien.Set following the events of The Light Fantastic the story stars Cohen the Barbarian who plans to prove himself by killing a troll in single combat.
 A Theology of Love: The Dynamic of Wesleyanism (1972) is a book written by Mildred Bangs Wynkoop.A Theology of Love is a book in Wesleyan theological circles especially in the Wesleyan-Holiness tradition.
 Ill Met by Moonlight first published in 1950 is a non-fiction book written by W. Stanley Moss a British soldier writer and traveller. He recounted his and Patrick Leigh Fermor’s activities during World War II as agents in Crete of the Special Operations Executive (SOE) notably their extraordinary kidnapping of Heinrich Kreipe Commander of the 22nd Air Landing Infantry Division that was occupying Crete and abduction of Kreipe to Cairo (and British war forces) in 1944.
 The Overloaded Ark first published in 1953 is the debut book by British naturalist Gerald Durrell.
 The New Soldier was published as both a hard and soft cover book in October 1971 by Vietnam Veterans Against the War. Principally a photographic essay accompanied by text the work was edited by David Thorne and George Butler with a section written by John Kerry. The work includes photographs captured by many photographers across five days in April 1971.The New Soldier documents what VVAW called Operation Dewey Canyon III.
 The International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism is a scientific journal addressing topics in nutrition exercise metabolism and related fields.
 The Good the Bad and the Indifferent is a collection of short stories by American author Joe R. Lansdale dating from his early career published in 1997 as a limited edition by Subterranean Press. Many of the stories were never published before and none of which have ever been collected before. This book has sold out both the numbered and lettered editions.The title is a play on Sergio Leone's western movie The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
 Without a Dowry (Russian: Бесприданница) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky premiered on November 10 1878 on the Maly Theater stage and first published in the January 1879 issue of Otechestvennye zapiski. Met with relative indifference by contemporary critics later it’s gained the status of the Russian theater's classics. Eldar Ryazanov had it adapted into a popular 1983 film.
 The Yādegār-e Zarirān [jɒːdeˈɡɒːɾe zæɾiːɾˈɒːn] (Persian: یادگار زریران‎) or Ayādgār ī Zarērān (English: Memorial of Zarēr) is a short Middle Persian (Pahlavi) text of ancient Iranian epic poetry. The story is preserved in a unique manuscript written in AD 1322. The Avesta mentions the struggle of Vištāspa and Zairivairi (whose name became later known as “Zarēr”) against the “wicked Arəǰat.aspa” (Yašt 5.108 112 117 cf.
 Daughter of the Empire is a political fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts. Published in 1987 it is the first book in the Empire Trilogy and was followed by Servant of the Empire in 1990.
 The Mail and Empire was formed from the 1895 merger of The Toronto Mail and Toronto Empire newspapers both conservative newspapers in Toronto Canada. The paper merged with The Globe to form the The Globe and Mail in 1936.
 Home from the Vinyl Cafe (1998) is Stuart McLean's second volume of stories that first aired on the CBC Radio program The Vinyl Cafe. It was the winner of the 1999 Stephen Leacock Award for Humour.Stories included in Home from the Vinyl Cafe:Dave Cooks the TurkeyHollandValentine's DaySourdoughMusic LessonsBurdEmilThe Birthday PartySummer CampThe CottageRoad TripLabour DaysSchool DaysA Day OffOn the RoofPolly Anderson's Christmas Party↑ ↑
 Incident at Hawk's Hill is a Newbery Honor book by naturalist and writer Allan W. Eckert published in 1971. Supposedly based on a true event it is an historical fiction novel centering on a six-year-old boy who gets lost on the Canadian prairie and survives thanks to a mother badger. Though the Newbery is an award for children's literature Incident at Hawk's Hill was originally published as an adult novel. It was also an American Library Association Notable book.
 Strange Son: Two Mothers Two Sons and the Quest to Unlock the Hidden World of Autism is a non-fiction book that follows the story of Portia Iversen's second son who initially appeared to be developing normally but started to have autistic characteristics by the age of two. His mother heard about an autistic 14-year-old boy in India who had been taught to communicate so well that he could write poetry.
 The Memoirs of an Amnesiac is the autobiography of composer radio and television personality Oscar Levant. Published in 1965 by G. P. Putnam's Sons it was Levant's second best-seller following a quarter-century after his first book A Smattering of Ignorance.Levant intersperses his reminisces about Hollywood in its heyday with one-liners and pithy quotes by himself and others.
 The Sunderland Echo is an evening newspaper serving the Sunderland South Tyneside and East Durham areas of North East England. The newspaper was founded by Samuel Storey Edward Backhouse Edward Temperley Gourley Charles Palmer Richard Ruddock Thomas Glaholm and Thomas Scott Turnbull in 1873 as the Sunderland Daily Echo and Shipping Gazette.
 The Adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom is a novel by Tobias Smollett first published in 1753. It was Smollett's third novel and met with less success than his two previous more picaresque tales. The central character is a villainous dandy who cheats swindles and philanders his way across Europe and England with little concern for the law or the welfare of others.
 Raja Gidh (Urdu: راجه گدھ‎) by Bano Qudsia is an Urdu novel. Gidh is the Urdu word for a vulture and Raja is a Hindi synonym for king. The name anticipates the kingdom of vultures.
 Madara (魍魎 戦記 MADARA Mōryō Senki MADARA) is a Japanese manga series light novel series role-playing video game OVA and radio drama series.The Famicom Mōryō Senki MADARA was a Konami 1990 release that has never been officially localized. It was large for its time at 4 megabits and used the VRC6 sound enhancement mapper chip that was also used in Akumajō Densetsu the Japanese version of Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse.
 A Dissertation Concerning the End for Which God Created the World is a work by Christian theologian reformer author and pastor Jonathan Edwards that was started in the mid-1750s but not finally published until after his death in 1765.This dissertation was published concurrently with The Nature of True Virtue and the two works have much in common specifically the assertion that God's aim in creating the world was not human happiness but his own glory.
 World Affairs is a bimonthly magazine covering international relations. It is an official publication of the American Peace Society. The magazine has been published since 1837 and was re-launched in January 2008 as a new publication. Each issue contains articles offering diverse perspectives on global issues and United States foreign policy. World Affairs is headquartered in Washington D.C.
 USA Today Sports Weekly is a weekly magazine that covers Major League Baseball Minor League Baseball NCAA baseball and the National Football League. In the February 15 2006 issue the magazine added coverage of NASCAR. It was founded as USA Today Baseball Weekly in 1991 and changed its name on September 4 2002 when it added the NFL.Sports Weekly is a publication of USA Today and shares both a headquarters in McLean Virginia and production facilities with its parent publication.
 The General in His Labyrinth (original Spanish title: El general en su laberinto) is a novel by the Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel García Márquez. It is a fictionalized account of the last days of Simón Bolívar liberator and leader of Gran Colombia. First published in 1989 the book traces Bolívar's final journey from Bogotá to the Caribbean coastline of Colombia in his attempt to leave South America for exile in Europe.
 Chico Bento - Pavor Espaciar is a 2013 Brazilian graphic novel written and illustrated by Gustavo Duarte based on the Chuck Billy 'n' Folks characters created by Maurício de Sousa. It is part of the Graphic MSP series of graphic novels based on Maurício de Sousa characters.
 Too Much Too Late is novel written by Marc Spitz that was originally released on February 28 2006 by Three Rivers Press.
 No. 5 (ナンバーファイブ Number 5) is a Japanese manga created by Taiyo Matsumoto. Originally serialized in Ikki a Seinen anthology manga magazine. It ran for eight complete volumes.Viz Media who beforehand had published Matsumoto's Black & White (and later Blue Spring) released the first English-translated volume in a dust-jacket format closer to Western comics standards.
 Gargoyle Humor Magazine or The Gargoyle is the official student-run humor magazine for the University of Michigan. It has been satirizing both local and national events for more than one hundred years. The magazine is part of the University's Student Publications which also includes the campus newspaper The Michigan Daily as well as the yearbook the Michiganensian.
 The Mathematics of Magic: The Enchanter Stories of L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt is an omnibus collection of seven classic fantasy stories by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt gathering material previously published in three volumes as The Incomplete Enchanter (1941) The Castle of Iron (1950) and Wall of Serpents (1960) together with additional material from The Enchanter Reborn (1992) and The Exotic Enchanter (1995).
 Spiral is the fifth novel in the Tunnels Series written by Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams. It continues the story of Will Burrows in his struggle against the Styx who have been a major and pernicious influence throughout mankind's history. Spiral was published in the United Kingdom by Chicken House on September 1 2011 and publication in the US followed on May 1 2012.
 Gentlemen & Players is a novel by Joanne Harris first published in 2005. A dark psychological thriller some of the themes may be partly based on Harris' experiences as a teacher at Leeds Grammar School. Set in the present day during Michaelmas term at St Oswald's a grammar school for boys somewhere in the North of England the book is a psychological thriller about class distinctions damaged childhood secrets identity and revenge.
 Measuring the World (German: Die Vermessung der Welt) is a 2005 novel by German author Daniel Kehlmann. The novel re-imagines the lives of German mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss and German geographer Alexander von Humboldt—who was accompanied on his journeys by Aimé Bonpland—and their many groundbreaking ways of taking the world's measure as well as Humboldt's and Bonpland's travels in America and their meeting in 1828.
 Die Ganze Woche is an Austrian weekly boulevard magazine that is published in German.
 De zaak Natalee Holloway: mijn eigen verhaal over haar verdwijning op Aruba (English: The Case of Natalee Holloway: My own story about her disappearance in Aruba) is an autobiographical non-fiction book written by Joran van der Sloot with Zvezdana Vukojevic. It was released in 2007 in the Dutch language by Amsterdam-based publisher Sijthoff. An English language version was not published.
 The Demon Awakens is the first book in the first DemonWars Saga trilogy by R.A. Salvatore. The book is also the first out of seven books in the combined DemonWars Saga.
 House of the Sleeping Beauties is a 1961 novella by the Japanese author Yasunari Kawabata. A story about a lonely man Old Eguchi who continuously visits the House of the Sleeping Beauties in hope of something more.
 Bishad Shindhu (Bengali: বিষাদ-সিন্ধু) is a poetic novel about the history of prophet Muhammad's grand son Hasan especially Husayn's assassination and the war for the throne of Khalifa (the supreme power of Muslims). It was written by Mir Mosarraf Hussain one of the first modern Muslim Bengali writers.Bishad Shindhu was written within 1888 to 1890.
 Christ the Lord: Out of Egypt (2005) is a book by Anne Rice that depicts the life of Jesus Christ at the age of 7 to 8. Rice wrote the novel after returning to the Catholic Church in 1998.
 The Marshall Democrat-News is a local newspaper published in Marshall Missouri serving Saline County. The paper is published Monday through Friday and reports a circulation of 3063.
 To Visit the Queen (1998) (titled On Her Majesty's Wizardly Service in the UK edition) is a fantasy steampunk novel by Diane Duane. Its plot deals with the invention of nuclear weapons in Victorian Britain thanks to the evil intervention of 'the lone one' and the efforts of Duane's wizard feline adventurers to save the day.It was a sequel to The Book of Night with Moon (1997).
 Brat Farrar is a 1949 crime novel by Josephine Tey.
 Okaz (in Arabic عكاظ) is an Arabic Saudi Arabian daily newspaper located in Jeddah. The paper was launched in 1960 and its sister publication is Saudi Gazette. The paper is simultaneously printed in both Riyadh and Jeddah and has offices all over Saudi Arabia. However the daily mainly serves the provinces of the Hejaz and Asir.
 What a Week Omnibus Books 1-3 is a book which contains first three parts of What a Week series by Rosie Rushton: What a Week to Fall in Love What a Week to Make it Big and What a Week to Break Free. It was published by Piccadilly Press Ltd. in 2005.
 The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind (French: Psychologie des Foules; literally: Psychology of Crowds) is a book authored by Gustave Le Bon that was first published in 1895.In the book Le Bon claims that there are several characteristics of crowd psychology: impulsiveness irritability incapacity to reason the absence of judgement of the critical spirit the exaggeration of sentiments and others....
 Whispers of the Mist Children is a 1999 fantasy short story by Trudi Canavan.
 Bengali film directory is an archive of Bengali films (in English). Published in March 1999 by Nandan West Bengal Film Centre (Calcutta) this directory was edited by Ansu Sur and was compiled by Abhijit Goswami. It includes all Bengali feature films released from 1917 to 1998 described briefly but including detailed cast and crew director name release date and release theater name.
 The Lincoln Courier is the only local daily newspaper for Lincoln Illinois and its surrounding circulation area which centers on Logan County.
 Boris Yeltsin: From Dawn to Dusk (Russian: Борис Ельцин: от рассвета до заката sometimes translated to English as Boris Yeltsin: From Dawn till Dusk) is a 1997 memoir book by Aleksandr Korzhakov former head of Boris Yeltsin's security. In it Korzhakov describes eleven years of his service and the personality of his patron first president of Russia. Yeltsin is portrayed as a heavy-drinker who hides his health problems.
 The Headless Lady (1940) is a whodunnit mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson. A character in the novel a detective story writer named Stuart Towne has the same name as a pen name of Rawson. This is the third of four mysteries featuring The Great Merlini a stage magician and Rawson's favorite protagonist.
 October the First is Too Late is a science fiction novel by astrophysicist Fred Hoyle. It was first published in 1966.The novel describes an extraordinary temporary phase through which the world passes eventually presenting a civilization of the distant future and history leading to that future. The events are made plausible as one of the main characters a physicist thinks aloud as he tries to interpret according to his scientific awareness the events that unfold.
 The Greensburg Daily News is a six-day (Monday through Saturday) afternoon daily newspaper serving Greensburg Indiana and adjacent parts of Decatur County Indiana. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The Daily News shares a publisher and some staff with the Rushville Republican of neighboring Rush County Indiana.
 Killer on the Road is a crime novel by James Ellroy. First published in 1986 it is a non-series book between the Lloyd Hopkins Trilogy and the L.A. Quartet. It was first released by Avon as a mass-market paperback original under the title Silent Terror. But the title intended by Ellroy is Killer on the Road and it has been republished in the U.S.
 The Theory of Communicative Action (German: Theorie des kommunikativen Handelns) is Jürgen Habermas magnum opus that continues his project set out in On the Logic of the Social Sciences of finding a way to ground the social sciences in a theory of language.This project is carried out over two volumes the two volumes are Reason and the Rationalization of Society (Handlungsrationalität und gesellschaftliche Rationalisierung) which establishes a concept of communicative rationality and Lifeworld and System: A Critique of Functionalist Reason (Zur Kritik der funktionalistischen Vernunft) which creates the two level concept of society and lays out the critical theory for modernity. 
 Currency Wars (simplified Chinese: 货币战争; traditional Chinese: 貨幣戰爭; pinyin: Huòbì zhànzhēng) by Song Hongbing also known as The Currency War is a bestseller in China reportedly selling over 200000 copies in addition to an estimated 400000 pirated copies in circulation and is reportedly being read by many senior level government and business leaders in China.
 The Howling Stones (1997) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster.
 Deenie is a 1973 young adult novel written by Judy Blume.
 Games-X was a multi-format weekly computer and video game magazine published in the United Kingdom. It was launched in April 1991. Editor Hugh Gollner later described it a big mistake in terms of finances.
 Slander: Liberal Lies About the American Right is a book by conservative columnist Ann Coulter criticizing the left's hegemonic control of the news media. The book was a #1 New York Times best seller in 2002 holding the #1 spot for eight weeks.
 Florence of Arabia is a satirical novel written by Christopher Buckley and first published in 2004 by Random House. The novel follows a fictional State Department employee Florence Farfaletti as she attempts to bring equal rights to the fictional Middle Eastern nation of Matar.
 The Book of Concord or Concordia (1580) is the historic doctrinal standard of the Lutheran Church consisting of ten credal documents recognized as authoritative in Lutheranism since the 16th century. They are also known as the symbolical books of the Evangelical Lutheran Church.The Book of Concord was published in German on June 25 1580 in Dresden the fiftieth anniversary of the presentation of the Augsburg Confession to Emperor Charles V at the Diet of Augsburg.
 Escape Attempt (Russian: Попытка к бегству Popytka k begstvu) is a 1962 sci-fi novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky set in the Noon Universe. The English translation was published in a single volume with the other Noon universe stories Space Mowgli and The Kid from Hell.
 An Occasional Hell is a crime novel by the American writer Randall Silvis.Set in 1990s in the lower Monongahela River Valley below Pittsburgh it tells the story of Ernest DeWalt a former Chicago private investigator and successful novelist who is now a college professor. DeWalt's new life is interrupted when a philandering colleague Alex Catanzaro is killed in a farmland trysting place and his widow asks the former PI for help.
 The Midwich Cuckoos is a science fiction novel written by English author John Wyndham published during 1957. It has been filmed twice as Village of the Damned with releases during 1960 and 1995.
 Danger on Vampire Trail is Volume 50 of the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Andrew E. Svenson and first published in 1971.
 Keeper is a sports novel for young adults by Mal Peet published by Walker Books in 2003. It was Peet's first novel and the first of three (as of 2012) football stories featuring South American sports journalist Paul Faustino. Cast as an interview with Faustino the world's best goalkeeper El Gato (The Cat) tells his life story. Peet won the Branford Boase Award recognising the year's best debut novel for children.Walker's North American division Candlewick Press published the first U.S.
 Towers of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 919) in July 1993.
 The Phantom of Manhattan a 1999 novel by Frederick Forsyth is a sequel to the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical The Phantom of the Opera itself based on the original book by Gaston Leroux.Forsyth's literary concept is that Leroux had recorded factual events but in review had apparently not checked his facts or viewed his sources with a critical eye.[citation needed] Accordingly the novel can be read as both a tribute to the Lloyd Webber musical and a satire of period novels in the vein of George MacDonald Fraser's Flashman series (both a satire and exploration of Victorian history and stories).[citation needed]The beginning of The Phantom of Manhattan is narrated by an ailing Madame Giry and set in the early 1900s. 
 Hikari no Densetsu (光の伝説 lit. Legend of Light) is originally a manga series by Izumi Aso about a girl named Hikari Kamijou who dreams of becoming a national rhythmic gymnastics champion. The manga series title translates into English as Legend of Light (the female lead character's name Hikari means light in Japanese).
 Alternative Press is an American music magazine based in Cleveland Ohio. It generally provides readers with band interviews photos information on upcoming releases and music charts. It was founded in 1985 by Mike Shea who is the current president.Joe Scarpelli is the current general manager. Jason Pettigrew is editor in chief and Scott Heisel is managing editor.
 Rock Art and the Prehistory of Atlantic Europe: Signing the Land is an archaeological book authored by the English academic Richard Bradley of the University of Reading. It was first published by Routledge in 1997.Taking Atlantic Europe as its area of focus Bradley's book deals with Neolithic and Bronze Age rock art in the British Isles and in Galicia.
 Mir Fantastiki (Rus. Мир Фантастики a.k.a. MF or MirF) is a Russian monthly science fiction and fantasy magazine. Mir Fantastiki literally translates from Russian as World of Speculative Fiction common translations also include World of Fantasy World of Fiction or World of Fantastic. The name also refers to the website run by the magazine Mirf.ru.Mir Fantastiki used to be one of the main Russian periodical SF&F editions along with Esli and Polden XXI vek.
 Mists of Everness is John C. Wright's sequel to his novel Last Guardian of Everness published in 2005 continuing the harrowing adventures of Raven Wendy Lemuel Peter and Galen. We learn here that to save the world from the evil tyrant Morningstar (Satan Lucifer) they must hand it over to the good tyrant Oberon. Mists of Everness gets its title from the mists that fog people's minds making the magic world/dream world invisible and incorporeal to mortals.
 Nobunagun (Japanese: ノブナガン Hepburn: Nobunagan) is a manga series written and illustrated by Masato Hisa. Serialized in Earth Star Entertainment's magazine Comic Earth Star since May 2011 it has been compilled into four tankōbon as of December 2013. An anime television series adaptation by studio Bridge was broadcast from January 5 2014 to March 30 2014 in Japan.
 Every Soul a Star is a 2008 novel for children and young adults by Wendy Mass. Taking turns in first person from each of the main characters' point of view it follows the stories of Jack an confident-lacking 13-year-old who is slightly overweight Ally an almost-13-year-old homeschooled girl who wants to be an astronomer and Bree whose life goal is to be on the cover of Seventeen before she is seventeen.
 The Minnesota Daily is the campus newspaper of the University of Minnesota Twin Cities published Monday-Thursday while school is in session and published weekly on Wednesdays during summer sessions. Published since 1900 the paper is currently the largest student-run and student-written newspaper in the United States and the third-largest paper in the state of Minnesota behind the Minneapolis Star Tribune and the St. Paul Pioneer Press.
 Messenger is a 2004 novel by children's author Lois Lowry. It forms the third installment of The Giver quartet begun by her 1993 Newbery Medal-winning novel The Giver. This novel is to take place about eight years after the events of The Giver and about six years after the events of Gathering Blue. Characters from the two earlier books reappear in Messenger linking the novels more strongly.
 The Legion of Space is a science-fiction novel by the American writer Jack Williamson. It was originally serialized in Astounding Stories in 1934 then published in book form (with some revisions) by Fantasy Press in 1947 in an edition of 2970 copies. A magazine-sized reprint was issued by Galaxy in 1950 with a standard paperback following from Pyramid Books in 1967. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books in 1977. Legion has been translated into German French and Italian.
 Slippage is a collection of short stories by author Harlan Ellison. In the introduction Ellison introduces the concept of 'slippage' or the falling apart of one's life as the underlying theme of the book. In addition to the stories listed in the table of contents the book includes a short narration of an unhealthy relationship with a woman named Charlotte as an example of a 'slippage' in the author's life. Charlotte was the name of Ellison's first wife married to her from 1956 to 1960.
 Plum Lucky is a crime novel by mystery writer Janet Evanovich. It is the sixteenth part of her series dedicated to bounty hunter Stephanie Plum. It was published on January 8 2008.
 The Dead Man (original Spanish title: El Muerto) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges. It was first published in the magazine Sur (#145) in November 1946.
 Ladies Almanack or Ladies Almanack: showing their Signs and their Tides; their Moons and their Changes; the Seasons as it is with them; their Eclipses and Equinoxes; as well as a full Record of diurnal and nocturnal Distempers written & illustrated by a lady of fashion written by Djuna Barnes in 1928 is a roman à clef about a predominantly lesbian social circle centering on Natalie Clifford Barney's salon in Paris.
 Break of Day (French: La Naissance du jour) is a 1928 novel by the French writer Colette. It was adapted into a 1980 film directed by Jacques Demy.
 The Golden Gate (1986) is the first novel by poet and novelist Vikram Seth. The work is a novel in verse composed of 590 Onegin stanzas (sonnets written in iambic tetrameter with the rhyme scheme following the unusual ababccddeffegg pattern of Eugene Onegin).
 The Daily News of Newburyport is an American daily newspaper covering northeastern Essex County Massachusetts USA. The newspaper is published Monday through Saturday evenings by Eagle-Tribune Publishing Company a subsidiary of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Based in Newburyport Massachusetts the paper also covers several neighboring cities and towns: Amesbury Georgetown Merrimac Newbury Rowley Salisbury and West Newbury Massachusetts and Seabrook New Hampshire.
 Discourse Figure (French: Discours figure) is a 1971 book by Jean-François Lyotard his first major work.
 Boys Esté (BOYSエステ BOYS Esute) is a manga series by Souko Masaki (真崎総子 Masaki Sōko). The series is published in Japan by Kodansha and by Chuang Yi in English in Singapore. A live-action drama airs on TV Tokyo.The story stars Shizuka Koiwai (小岩井 静香 Koiwai Shizuka) an overweight girl who was rejected by her ex-boyfriend because of her weight. She enrolls in a beauty program where she hopes of obtaining a perfect figure.
 This article is about the magazine about Dallas. For the Italian magazine see La Repubblica.D Magazine is a monthly magazine covering Dallas-Fort Worth. It covers a range of topics including politics business food fashion and lifestyle in the city of Dallas. The first issue was published in October 1974 by its founders Wick Allison and Jim Atkinson.
 The Black Count: Glory Revolution Betrayal and the Real Count of Monte Cristo is a 2012 biography of General Thomas-Alexandre Dumas written by Tom Reiss. The book presents the life and career of Dumas as a soldier and officer during the French Revolution as well as his military service in Italy during the French Revolutionary Wars and later in Egypt under Napoleon. Reiss offers insight into slavery and the life of a man of mixed race during the French Colonial Empire.
 October Dreams (AKA October Dreams: A Celebration of Halloween) edited by Richard Chizmar and Robert Morrish is an anthology of Halloween-themed memories and short stories from many award winning names in dark fantasy and horror fiction. Jack Ketchum's Gone (first published in this anthology) was nominated for the 2000 Bram Stoker Award for Best Short Fiction.
 Archives of Scientific Psychology is an open access academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. Starting in 2013 the journal will include a wide variety of articles pertaining to the many different sub-fields of psychology such as neuroscience and political psychology. The journal will entail articles that cover the many different research methodologies employed by psychologists.
 KAAKAI (কাকেই) Newspaper is India's largest Bishnupriya Manipuri language newspaper. It was first published in Dharmanagar Tripura. The present editor is Anita Sinha (Urmila Sinha). In 2011 the paper celebrated its Silver Jubilee.
 Koizora: Setsunai Koi Monogatari (恋空―切ナイ恋物語 Koizora: Setsunai Koi Monogatari lit. Sky of Love: A Sad Love Story) or Koizora (恋空) for short is a 2005 best-selling Japanese coming of age and romance novel written by Mika.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventh Annual Collection is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1990. It is the 7th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series and won the Locus Award for best Anthology in 1991.
 Doors of Chaos (グレンツェン・テューア Grenzen Tur lit. German: Doors of the Border) is a manga written and illustrated by Ryoko Mitsuki. SoftBank Creative has released the manga's first tankōbon volume on June 30 2008. As of August 2009 SoftBank Creative has released the third tankōbon volume on February 2 2009. The manga is licensed in North America by Tokyopop.
 Letters from Lehrer is a play written by Canadian playwright Richard Greenblatt and performed by him at CanStage from 16 January to 25 February 2006. It follows Tom Lehrer's musical career the meaning of several of his songs the politics of the time when he wrote the songs and Greenblatt's own experiences with Lehrer's music while playing some of Lehrer's songs intermittently.
 To Kill the Potemkin (ISBN 978-0917657801) is a novel by Mark Joseph originally published in 1986. As a paperback it spent four weeks on The New York Times bestseller list in July and August 1987.
 Al Bayan (in Arabic البيان The Dispatch in English) is a popular Arabic language newspaper in the United Arab Emirates. The paper is based in Dubai.
 The Moment of Truth is the seventh novel by Jude Watson in the Star Wars Jedi Quest book series.
 Psychology of Aesthetics Creativity and the Arts is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of Division 10. The journal covers research on the psychology of the production and appreciation of the arts and all aspects of creative endeavor. The current editors-in-chief are Roni Reiter-Palmon (University of Nebraska at Omaha) and Pablo Tinio (Queens College City University of New York).
 Symposium is a novel by Scottish author Muriel Spark published in 1990. It was regarded by John Mortimer writing in The Sunday Times as one of the best novels of that year.
 The Time of Infinity is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by August Derleth. It was first published by Consul in 1963 and collects nine stories from Derleth's earlier anthology The Outer Reaches. The stories had originally appeared in the magazines Fantastic Adventures Astounding Stories Thrilling Wonder Stories Galaxy Science Fiction and Amazing Stories or in the anthology Invasion from Mars edited by Orson Welles.
 Alice I Think is the first in a trilogy of comic novels written by Susan Juby. It was first published in 2000. It is set in Smithers British Columbia and describes the struggle of a young woman Alice Macleod as she matures. Alice I Think was nominated for the Amazon/Books in Canada First Novel Award and shortlisted for the Canadian Library Association Best Young Adult Novel Award.The second and third volumes in the series are Miss Smithers and Alice MacLeod Realist at Last.
 The Drayton Valley Western Review is a weekly newspaper serving the Drayton Valley Alberta area in Canada.
 Dilemma is a 1999 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the sixteenth book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone and involves his investigation of a murder in his parent's town and a kidnapping.
 Cut is a 2000 novel by Patricia McCormick targeted at young adults. In 2002 it was named one of the ALA's Best Books for Young Adults for that year.
 A Real Basket Case is a fictional mystery novel that was written by Beth Groundwater. The book published by Five Star Publishing was initially released on March 21 2007. It was later re-published in large print in January 2008. The fictional novel follows the story of protagonist Claire Hanover who sets out to discover the identity of her husband's killer.It was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007.
 The Howling Miller (Finnish: Ulvova mylläri) is a 1981 novel by the Finnish author Arto Paasilinna. The main character of the novel is the howling miller who sometimes acts strangely but is otherwise a goodhearted hardworking honest man. He sometimes keeps the villagers up all night by howling and getting all the dogs in the village worked up to howl with him.
 Trent's Last Case is a detective novel written by E.C. Bentley and first published in 1913. Its central character reappeared subsequently in the novel Trent's Own Case (1936) and the short-story collection Trent Intervenes (1938).
 Castle to Castle is the English title of the 1957 novel by Louis-Ferdinand Céline titled in French D'un château l'autre. The book features Céline's experiences in exile with the Vichy French government at Sigmaringen Germany towards the end of World War II.For the first U.S. edition translator Ralph Manheim won the 1970 National Book Award in category Translation.
 Popgun is an award-winning comics anthology series created by Mark Andrew Smith and Joe Keatinge. Image Comics published four volumes of Popgun from 2007–2010. The driving concept behind Popgun was a mixtape of graphic short stories that cross the borders of all genres. No theme was given to contributors and instead emphasis is placed on diversity of content and the mixing/track order of each volume.
 Boy O'Boy is a 2003 novel by Brian Doyle. It was named Book of the Year for Children by the Canadian Library Association.Martin O'Boy nicknamed Boy O’Boy is the young narrator of this story set the summer of 1945. Martin reflects on the ups and downs of his family and neighbours news from World War II and the popular culture of the day including Captain Marvel (who shares his name with Martin's friend Billy Batson).Martin is molested by the church organist who then moves in on Billy.
 Dnevnik (Serbian: Дневник) lit. Daily news is a Serbian language daily newspaper published in Novi Sad Serbia. The newspaper was founded during Axis occupation in 1942 and its original name was Slobodna Vojvodina (Free Vojvodina). The first issue was published on November 15 1942 as an organ of the provincial people's liberation board for Vojvodina in an underground printing house in Novi Sad.
 Skeleton Crew is the second collection of short fiction by Stephen King published by Putnam in June 1985. A limited edition of a thousand copies was published by Scream/Press in October 1985 (ISBN 978-0910489126) illustrated by J.K. Potter containing an additional short story The Revelations of 'Becka Paulson which had originally appeared in Rolling Stone magazine (July 19 – August 2 1984) and was later incorporated into King's 1987 novel The Tommyknockers.
 Mio My Son is a children's book by Swedish writer Astrid Lindgren. It was first published in 1954 in Sweden with the Swedish title Mio min Mio. The writing is stylised and the story strongly reminiscent of traditional fairy tales and folklore. It received a German Youth Literature Prize (Deutschen Jugendbuchpreis) in 1956.
 Something Near is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1945 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House. 2054 copies were printed. The collection has never been reprinted.Most of the stories had appeared earlier in the magazine Weird Tales.
 A Way in the World is a 1994 book by Nobel laureate V. S. Naipaul. Although it was marketed as a novel in America A Way in the World is arguably something different.
 The Dragon and the George is a 1976 fantasy novel by Gordon R. Dickson the first in his Dragon Knight series. A shorter form of the story was previously published as the short story St. Dragon and the George in the September 1957 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 Moon Palace is a novel written by Paul Auster that was first published in 1989.The novel is set in Manhattan and the U.S. Midwest and centers on the life of the narrator Marco Stanley Fogg and the two previous generations of his family.
 If Tomorrow Comes is a 1985 crime fiction novel by American author Sidney Sheldon. It is a story portraying an ordinary woman who is framed by the Mafia her subsequent quest for vengeance towards them and her later life as a con artist. A 3-part TV miniseries with the same name based on the book was released in 1986.
 Ends is a collection of science fiction stories and poems by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1988 and as a companion volume to Dickson's Beginnings. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact Astounding If Galaxy Science Fiction Destinies Science Fiction Stories and Amazing Stories The poems first appeared in The Final Encyclopedia.
 Extra Lives: Why Video Games Matter is a 2010 non-fiction book by journalist and critic Tom Bissell discussing the social relevance and importance of video games as well as defending the medium against detractors. Bissell takes a slightly ambivalent stance towards the cultural relevance of the medium describing the conflict between gameplay and narrative advances and the possibility for the medium to be relegated to the belief that games are incompatible with traditional art forms.
 The Preacher (Swedish: Predikanten) is a 2004 psychological thriller by Camilla Läckberg and translated into English by Steven T. Murray in 2009.A young child who discovers a female cadaver in the Swedish countryside starts a cataclysmic chain of events: when the police arrive two skeletons are then discovered underneath the woman’s body. It is believed these are female teens Siv Lantin and Mona Thernblad who vanished in 1979.
 Electronics Illustrated was an American magazine started in May 1958 by Fawcett Publications the publishers of Mechanix Illustrated. The magazine was published monthly from 1959 to 1961 then bi-monthly until November 1972.
 Surfeit of Lampreys is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the tenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1941. The plot concerns the murder of a British peer a theme to which Marsh would return; the novel was published as Death of a Peer in the United States.Its title is a reference to the manner by which Henry I of England is said to have succumbed to food poisoning as well as the surname of the first murder victim and his family who fall under suspicion.
 The Kellys and the O'Kellys is a novel by Anthony Trollope. It was written in Ireland and published in 1848.
 Românul (Romanian pronunciation: [roˈmɨnul] meaning The Romanian; originally spelled Romanulu or Românulŭ also known as Romînul Concordia Libertatea and Consciinti'a Nationala) was a political and literary newspaper published in Bucharest Romania from 1857 to 1905. Established as the leading voice of Romanian liberalism (the Red faction) in the state of Wallachia it had direct connections to the radical ideology of Western Europe. Its founder and director was the aristocrat C. A.
 Coming into the Country is a 1976 book by John McPhee about Alaska and McPhee's travels through much of the state with bush pilots prospectors and settlers as well as politicians and businesspeople who each interpret the state in different ways.One of his most widely read books Coming into the Country is divided into three sections At the Northern Tree Line: The Encircled River In Urban Alaska: What They Were Hunting For and In the Bush: Coming into the Country.After the publication of Coming into the Country The New York Times called McPhee the most versatile journalist in America.
 Ratman's Notebooks is a 1969 short novel by Stephen Gilbert. It features an unnamed misfit who relates better to rats than to humans. It was the basis for the films Willard Ben and the 2003 remake of the original film. After the release of the original film the book was rereleased with the title Willard.
 The Tribune de Genève (English: Geneva Tribune) commonly nicknamed La Julie is a Swiss French-language regional daily newspaper published in the Berliner format by Edipresse in Geneva.
 Gone is a mystery novel by American author Jonathan Kellerman
 The Man Who Would Be King (1888) is a novella by Rudyard Kipling. It is about two British adventurers in British India who become kings of Kafiristan a remote part of Afghanistan. The story was inspired by the exploits of James Brooke an Englishman who became the first White Rajah of Sarawak in Borneo; and by the travels of American adventurer Josiah Harlan who was granted the title Prince of Ghor in perpetuity for himself and his descendants.
 Londonstani is the name of Gautam Malkani's debut novel published in the United Kingdom in 2006. The book's name is derived from the setting of the novel London and the story's subject matter the lives of second and third generation South Asian immigrants.
 Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc (ダンガンロンパ 希望の学園と絶望の高校生 Danganronpa: Kibō no Gakuen to Zetsubō no Kōkōsei lit. Danganronpa: Academy of Hope and High School Students of Despair) is a murder mystery visual novel developed and published by Spike Chunsoft (formerly Spike) and the first game in the Danganronpa series. The game was originally released in Japan for the PlayStation Portable on November 25 2010 and was later ported to iOS and Android devices on August 20 2012.
 The Better Half is the title of an American comic strip created by Bob Barnes. It follows the lives of a married couple Stanley and Harriet Parker and the usual annoyances couples have with one another after years of marriage. It has been distributed by King Features Syndicate since 1956 and in 1958 won Barnes the National Cartoonist Society Newspaper Panel Cartoon Award. James Coco and Lily Tomlin made a sitcom pilot based on the strip for ABC in the early 1970s but no series was ever made.
 Death of a Gossip is a mystery novel by M. C. Beaton (Marion Chesney) first published in 1985. It is set in the fictional town of Lochdubh Scotland and is the first novel of a series featuring the local constable Hamish Macbeth.
 Rat Queens is an ongoing American comic fantasy comics series written by Kurtis J. Wiebe drawn by Roc Upchurch and published by Image Comics since September 2013. Recounting the exploits of a party of four rowdy foul-mouthed adventurers the series has received critical praise and was nominated for the 2014 Eisner Award for best new series.
 Tenth Grade Bleeds is a novel by Heather Brewer and the third of five books in the The Chronicles of Vladimir Tod collection.
 Descent Into Hell is a novel written by Charles Williams first published in 1937.
 The Imitation of Christ (Latin: De Imitatione Christi) by Thomas à Kempis is a Christian devotional book. It was first composed in Latin ca.1418-1427. It is a handbook for spiritual life arising from the Devotio Moderna movement where Kempis was a member.The Imitation is perhaps the most widely read devotional work next to the Bible and is regarded as a devotional and religious classic.
 The Journal of Sports Engineering and Technology Part P of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the development of novel sports apparel footwear and equipment; and the materials instrumentation and processes that make advances in sports possible. The journal was first published in 2008 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 Functional Plant Biology is a monthly scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing. It covers all aspects of plant physiology including biochemistry biophysics developmental biology cell and molecular biology and plant-environment and plant-microbe interactions and the integration of all of these areas.
 For the article on gods see DeityDeities & Demigods (abbreviated DDG) alternatively known as Legends & Lore (abbreviated L&L or LL) is a reference book for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game (D&D). The book provides descriptions and game statistics of gods and legendary creatures from various sources in mythology and fiction.
 Colorful (カラフル Karafuru) is a manga by Torajirō Kishi which was adapted into a 16-episode anime series. The episodes are composed of vignettes typically involving men and teenage boys attempting to catch a glimpse of women's panties and/or look down their blouses. The episodes are fast-paced experimental in animation and sound and music manic and very short about seven minutes each and filled with comedy.
 Anti-Ice is a science fiction novel by Stephen Baxter. Published in 1993 it portrays of 19th-century Europe and the changes resulting particularly in Britain from an explosive scientific discovery made in the 1850s.
 The Tonawanda News is a five-day morning daily newspaper published Wednesday through Sunday in North Tonawanda New York USA part of Niagara County and also covering Tonawanda and Kenmore in Erie County.It is owned by Greater Niagara Newspapers a division of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The newspaper has won numerous AP and New York Newspaper Publisher Association awards for its coverage of major stories including the crash of Flight 3407 in Clarence N.Y.
 The International Journal of Private Law is a quarterly peer-reviewed law journal covering all aspects of private law including audio-visual media communication and space law. It is intended to cover the legal issues facing individuals entrepreneurs and business owners on an international scale. The editor-in-chief is Sylvia Kierkegaard. Occasionally the journal publishes special issues on important topics in private law. The journal is abstracted and indexed by Scopus.
 Crows (クローズ Kurōzu) is a Japanese manga series by Hiroshi Takahashi about high school delinquents which takes place in the same universe as Worst. As of October 2007 it had sold more than 32 million copies worldwide.The series has been adapted into two OVAs by Knack Productions. It has also been loosely adapted into three live-action films: Crows Zero in 2007 Crows Zero 2 in 2009 (both directed by Takashi Miike) and Crows Explode (directed by Toshiaki Toyoda) in 2014.
 WirtschaftsBlatt is the only daily financial newspaper in the Republic of Austria. The newspaper appears every trading day from Monday to Friday in German.The Business Journal first appeared in October 1995. It specializes in the areas of business economic policy markets stock exchanges and investment. The newspaper is published by around 50 journalists and 30 production staff .
 The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guide (previously titled The Official Guide) is a spin-off encyclopedic reference book for the The Twilight Saga book series written by Stephenie Meyer and was released on April 12 2011.
 Kirke og Kultur (Church and Culture) is a Norwegian cultural and clerical magazine. It was founded in 1894 by Christopher Bruun and Thorvald Klaveness originally named For Kirke og Kultur. From 1968 the magazine was edited by Inge Lønning.In November 1940 Ronald Fangen became the first Norwegian writer to be arrested by the German occupants of Norway due to an essay published in the periodical Kirke og Kultur.
 The Last of the Jedi is a series of young adult books written by Jude Watson begun in 2005. The series is set in the fictional Star Wars Expanded Universe in the time period between the end of Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith and a few years prior to Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. This series follows the life of Obi-Wan Kenobi following the events of Revenge of the Sith until he finds an ex-Padawan Ferus Olin.
 Image is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel.
 The Door into Summer (夏への扉 Natsu e no Tobira) is a 1975 Japanese manga by Keiko Takemiya. It is an early example of a shōnen-ai manga. It was originally serialized in Hana to Yume published by Hakusensha and it was re-released in 2000 by Kodansha. An animated film version of this manga was released on March 20 1981 in Japan.
 The Napoleon of Notting Hill is a novel written by G. K. Chesterton in 1904 set in a nearly unchanged London in 1984.Although the novel is set in the future it is in effect set in an alternative reality of Chesterton's own period with no advances in technology or changes in the class system or attitudes. It postulates an impersonal government not described in any detail but apparently content to operate through a figurehead king randomly chosen.
 The Telegraph is an Indian daily newspaper founded and continuously published in Kolkata (Calcutta) since 7 July 1982. It is published by the ABP Group and the newspaper vies with the Times of India for the position of having the widest circulation of any newspaper in Eastern India.According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations it has a circulation of 484971 copies as of 2008.
 Reasons and Persons is a philosophical work by Derek Parfit first published in 1984. It focuses on ethics rationality and personal identity.It is divided into four parts dedicated to self-defeating theories rationality and time personal identity and responsibility toward future generations.
 Nuclear Dream is a collection of various works by Sergey Lukyaninko which was published in 2002. Most of the short stories were previously published individually either online on in various literary magazines. Along with other things it included the novel Nuclear Dream.
 Batman & Dracula: Red Rain is a 1991 graphic novel by Doug Moench and Kelley Jones in DC Comics' Elseworlds line of alternate reality stories. It spawned two sequels by the same creative team; Batman: Bloodstorm and Batman: Crimson Mist.
 Nijiiro Prism Girl (にじいろ☆プリズムガール) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by An Nakahara. An OVA adaptation has been released.
 The Canadian Journal of Infectious Diseases & Medical Microbiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of Medical Microbiology and Infectious Disease Canada for which it serves as the primary source of society guidelines. It is published by Pulsus Group and covers all aspects of infectious diseases and medical microbiology.
 The Wizard of Lemuria is a fantasy novel written by Lin Carter the first book of his Thongor series set on the fictional ancient lost continent of Lemuria. The author's first published novel it was initially issued in paperback by Ace Books in 1965. The author afterwards revised and expanded the text in which form it was reissued as Thongor and the Wizard of Lemuria first published in paperback by Berkley Books in 1969.
 American Speech is a quarterly academic journal of the American Dialect Society established in 1925 and published by Duke University Press. It focuses primarily on the English language used in the Western Hemisphere but also publishes contributions on other varieties of English outside influences on the language and linguistic theory.The current editor-in-chief is Michael Adams (Indiana University).
 If Nobody Speaks of Remarkable Things is Jon McGregor's first novel first published by Bloomsbury in 2002. It portrays a day in the life of a suburban British street with the plot alternately following the lives of the street's various inhabitants. All but one person's viewpoint is described in the third person and the narrative uses a flowing grammatical style which mimics their thought processes.
 Love! Valour! Compassion! is a play by Terrence McNally. The play opened Off-Broadway in 1994 and transferred to Broadway in 1995. It won the Tony Award for Best Play and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play.
 Action was a controversial weekly British anthology comic that was published by IPC Magazines starting on 14 February 1976.Concerns over the comic's violent content saw it withdrawn from sale on 16 October 1976. It reappeared the following month in toned-down form and continued publication until 12 November 1977 at which point it was merged with Battle Picture Weekly.
 The Dead Republic: A Novel is a 2010 novel by Irish author Roddy Doyle which concluded The Last Roundup trilogy. The first book in the trilogy was A Star Called Henry (1999) and the second was Oh Play That Thing! (2004).
 Crain's Chicago Business is a weekly business newspaper in Chicago. It is owned by Detroit-based Crain Communications a privately held publishing company with more than 30 magazines including Advertising Age Modern Healthcare Crain's New York Business Crain's Detroit Business Crain's Cleveland Business and Automotive News. It has a print circulation of 49005 and a readership of 218066 per week.
 A Quiet Drink is the third novel by English author Deborah Moggach first published in 1980. Unlike her previous two novels it departs from the autobiographical.
 The Cecil Whig is a local newspaper published in Cecil County Maryland three days a week. It has a circulation of approximately 17500. The paper was founded in 1841 to circulate the Whig political party beliefs. The Whig promoted itself as “Devoted to Politics Agriculture The Useful Arts Literature and General Intelligence.” The Whig was originally published weekly from a log cabin.In 1843 the Cecil Whig's founding editor Palmer C.
 Carbonel: the King of the Cats is a children's book by Barbara Sleigh first published by Puffin Books in 1955 and in the US by Bobbs-Merrill 1955. It is based on the old folk tale from the British Isles The King of the Cats and has two sequels The Kingdom of Carbonel (Puffin 1961) and Carbonel and Calidor: Being the Further Adventures of a Royal Cat (Kestrel Books 1978) making up the Carbonel series. The first edition of Carbonel was illustrated by V. H. Drummond and of Kingdom by D.
 Four Women is an American five-part limited series published by Homage Comics. Written and drawn by Sam Kieth it deals with four female friends of varying ages—Donna Bev Marion and Cindy—and a road trip during which they are attacked and sexually assaulted by two men. The story mostly takes place in a flashback as Donna recounts the story to her psychiatrist.
 The Kansas City Kansan is an online newspaper that serves Kansas City Kansas and other towns in Wyandotte County.
 Midnight at the Well of Souls is the first book in the Well of Souls series by American author Jack L. Chalker first published as a paperback in 1977. Over a million copies of the original pressing were sold and reprints have continued for decades. It came in #18 in the 1978 Locus Poll Award for best science fiction.
 Johannes Cabal the Necromancer is a 2009 supernatural fiction and black comedy novel written by Jonathan L. Howard.
 The Daily Cougar is a daily newspaper run entirely by students at the University of Houston.In publication since April 6 1928 The Daily Cougar was originally named The Cougar. The Daily Cougar operates as a student-managed school-funded forum for the university community.The Daily Cougar publishes Monday through Friday during the school year and Wednesdays during the summer though it has run Tuesdays and Thursdays and Mondays and Wednesdays in previous summers.
 Moon Mirror is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton. It was first published in hardcover by Tor Books in December 1988 and reprinted in paperback by the same publisher in August 1989 and August 1994.The book collects nine short stories novelettes and novellas by Norton.
 Confidential Confessions (問題提起 作品集 Mondaiteiki Sakuhinshū) is a manga by Reiko Momochi. The individual volumes of the series were originally published by Kodansha in Japan as Memai (Dizzy) Namida (Tears) and Tobira (The Door). The three were published in 2000 2001 and 2002 respectively.
 Spur of the Moment is the debut play from Anya Reiss who wrote it at age 17. It premiered at the Royal Court Theatre London in 2010 directed by Jeremy Herrin.
 Traed mewn cyffion (Feet in chains) is a novel by Kate Roberts written in the Welsh language and first published in 1936.
 The Anybodies is a fantasy novel by Julianna Baggot aka N.E. Bode. Two sequels were released called The Nobodies and the The Somebodies. It was a 2006 nominee for the Nene Award.
 The novel Mortal Fear by Robin Cook in 1988 deals with the issues of euthanasia hospital and increasing cost of keeping elderly people alive. The piece's villain espouses views that the elderly and incapacitated deserve to die in order to lighten the burden on the overtaxed medical system—quite contrary to the view of do no harm held by both the novel's main character and author.
 Scranton Gillette Communications Inc. is a business-to-business communications company founded in 1905. Originally the company was established to serve the transportation construction industry and the publication Roads & Bridges started in 1906 continues to be published today. Currently 20 regular publications are produced by Scranton Gillette. These cover building and construction healthcare horticulture the water industry infrastructure (e.g.
 Heaven Eyes is a young adult novel by award-winning author David Almond. It was published in Great Britain by Hodder Children's Books in 2000 and by Delacorte Press in the United States in 2001. A paperback version was released in 2002 by Dell Laurel Leaf.In Great Britain Heaven's Eyes was adapted as a stage production which premiered in Edinburgh in 2005.
 Rule Britannia is Daphne du Maurier's last novel published in 1972 by Victor Gollancz.
 Grammar of the Gothic Language is a book by Joseph Wright describing the extinct Gothic language first published in 1910. It includes the language's development from Proto-Indo-European (then known as Indo-Germanic) and Proto-Germanic (Primitive Germanic) and part of Ulfilas's bible translation. It superseded Wright's earlier A Primer of the Gothic Language and has been reprinted many times throughout the 20th century.
 Wireless: The Essential Charles Stross is an English language collection of science fiction short stories by Charles Stross published by Orbit Books.
 Make Love & Peace (ラブにピース Rabu ni Pīsu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takane Yonetani. It was serialized in Ren-ai Hakusho Pastel and its individual chapters published in tankōbon volumes by Ohzora Shuppan. In the story Ayame a university student falls in love with Koichi a police officer. The two fall in love and engage in sexual intercourse.
 Poskota is a daily newspaper published in Jakarta Indonesia published by PT.Media Antarkota Jaya since 15 April 1970
 Mary (White) Rowlandson was a colonial American woman who was captured during an attack by Native Americans during King Philip's War and held ransom for 11 weeks. After being released she wrote A Narrative of the Captivity and Restoration of Mrs. Mary Rowlandson also known as The Sovereignty and Goodness of God. It is a work in the literary genre of captivity narratives. It is considered to be one of America's first bestsellers four editions appearing in 1682 when it was first published.
 Jean's Way: A Love Story a book by Derek Humphry is an account of Humphry's terminally ill wife's planned suicide from suffering. The book is Derek Humphry's first book on the issue of voluntary euthanasia and assisted suicide.
 The Madison Press is an American daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in London Ohio. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.
 The Archive of Applied Mechanics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1929 as Ingenieur-Archiv by R. Grammel. It obtained its current name in 1991 and is published by Springer. The journal covers research findings on the performance of construction materials. The editor in chief is Reinhold Kienzler (University of Bremen).
 The Complete Guide to Prehistoric Life is an encyclopedia featuring 111 of the prehistoric animals from the Walking with... series as well as an additional one (Homo floresiensis). It was published in 2006 by Firefly Books and written by Tim Haines with Paul Chambers. It accompanies all programs in the Walking with... series except Walking with Cavemen Prehistoric Park and Primeval.
 Report on Probability A is a science fiction novel by Brian Aldiss. The novel was completed in 1962 but was rejected by publishers in the UK France and USA and was eventually published in 1967 in New Worlds which described it as 'perhaps his most brilliant work to date'.
 This article is about the book. For other uses see Sayonara (disambiguation).Sayonara (1954) is a novel published by American author James A. Michener. Set during the early 1950s it tells the story of Major Gruver a soldier stationed in Japan who falls in love with Hana-Ogi a Japanese woman. The novel follows their cross-cultural Japanese romance and illuminates the racism of the post-WWII time period.
 Applied Radiation and Isotopes is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
 Krokodil (Russian: Крокодил crocodile) was a satirical magazine published in the Soviet Union. It was founded in 1922 and named after Fyodor Dostoyevsky's satirical short story The Crocodile[citation needed]. At that time a large number of satirical magazines existed such as Zanoza and Prozhektor.
 Boomeritis: A Novel That Will Set You Free is a polemical 2002 novel by American philosopher Ken Wilber principally designed to explain Wilber's integral theory and to explain his concept of Boomeritis. Wilber characterizes this as the deadly combination of a modern liberal egalitarian worldview with a deep unquestioned narcissism commonly held by Baby Boomers and their children.
 Anna Seghers' novel The Seventh Cross (German: Das siebte Kreuz) is one of the better-known examples of German literature circa World War II. It was published first in the United States in an abridged version in September 1942 by Little Brown and Company. Its publication was surrounded by a certain amount of fanfare; by the end of September there were already plans for a comic strip version of The Seventh Cross it having already been selected as a Book-of-the-Month Club book.
 Shout NY was a thought and culture magazine that covered New York arts music film and politics from 1998 through 2003. In its early days (1998–2000) it was fairly obscure and predominantly focused on New York City nightlife. Re-launched in 2000 it developed a cult following as one of a few periodicals of record for the burgeoning scene on the lower east side of Manhattan and the eastern neighborhoods of Brooklyn including Williamsburg and Greenpoint.
 The Loner is a 2011 crime/thriller novel by Scottish writer Quintin Jardine. Written as an autobiography it is an account of the life of its principal character Xavier 'Xavi' Aislado a journalist with the fictional Edinburgh-based broadsheet The Saltire. The book is a standalone novel but features an appearance by Jardine's Edinburgh police detective Bob Skinner. The Loner received generally positive reception from reviewers.
 Pregnancy After A Loss is a book by Carol Cirulli Lanham. It is about her son Patrick who was a stillbirth. It is to help other women with their miscarriages. It was published in 1999 by Berkley Books.
 The Michigan Quarterly Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1962 and published at the University of Michigan Ann Arbor.The quarterly (known as MQR for short) publishes art essays interviews memoirs fiction poetry and book reviews as well as writing in a wide variety of research areas according to its Web site.Starting in 1979 with a special issue on the subject of The Moon Landing and Its Aftermath one issue each year is given over entirely to a special theme.
 The Seven Storey Mountain is the 1948 autobiography of Thomas Merton a Trappist monk and a noted author of the 1940s 1950s and 1960s. Merton finished the book in 1946 at the age of 31 five years after entering Gethsemani Abbey near Bardstown Kentucky. The title refers to the mountain of Purgatory in Dante's The Divine Comedy.The Seven Storey Mountain was published in 1948 and was met with surprising levels of public attention.
 The Naked Communist is a 1958 book by an ex FBI agent conservative United States author and faith-based political theorist Cleon Skousen.The author posits and seeks to describe a geopolitical strategy by which the Marxist–Leninist Soviet Union was attempting to overcome and control all the governments of the world that were not members of the Communist bloc.
 As the Green Star Rises (1975) is the fourth and penultimate novel of Lin Carter's Green Star series continuing from By the Light of the Green Star.
 Al Anbaa (in Arabic الأنباء meaning The News) is a popular Arabic-language newspaper published in Fallujah Iraq published since summer 2006. The newspaper is an evolution of the defunct Bashira. Its first issue was dated 11 August 2006.
 The Girl at the Lion d'Or by Sebastian Faulks was the author's second novel. Set in the tiny French village of Janvilliers in 1936. Together with Birdsong and Charlotte Gray it makes up Faulks' France Trilogy. The character Charles Hartmann is common to all three books.
 The Merlin Effect is the third book in The Adventure of Kate trilogy by T. A. Barron. It was preceded by Heartlight and The Ancient One. The hardcover version of this book was published by Ace Books in 2004.
 The Human Life Review is a quarterly journal published by the Human Life Foundation since 1975. It is devoted to explorations of life issues primarily abortion as well as neonaticide medical genetics prenatal testing human cloning fetal tissue experimentation euthanasia and assisted suicide and also publishes articles dealing with more general questions of family and society.
 A Daughter of the Snows (1902) is Jack London's first novel. Set in the Yukon it tells the story of Frona Welse a Stanford graduate and physical Valkyrie who takes to the trail after upsetting her wealthy father's community by her forthright manner and befriending the town's prostitute.
 Heavy Weather is a science fiction novel by Bruce Sterling first published in 1994 about a group of storm chasers in a world where global warming has produced incredibly destructive weather.
 The Rose of Tibet is a 1962 thriller by Lionel Davidson.
 The Ultimates 2 is a thirteen-issue comic book limited series written by Mark Millar with art by Bryan Hitch the sequel to The Ultimates. The series features the superhero team the Ultimates and was published by the Ultimate Marvel imprint of Marvel Comics.
 Teaching Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the practical and theoretical discussion of teaching and learning philosophy that is philosophy education. The journal was established in 1975 by Arnold Wilson and has published over 2500 articles and reviews in this field.
 The Crystal City (2003) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card. It is the sixth book in Card's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller the Seventh son of a seventh son.
 Marjorie's Quest a sentimental book for the young girls written in 1872 by Jeanie Gould.The book inspired a Polish writer; Henryk Sienkiewicz to write his children's book In desert and wilderness.
 Calico Captive is Elizabeth George Speare's first historical fiction children's novel. It was inspired by the true story of Susanna Willard Johnson (1730–1810) who along with her family and younger sister were kidnapped in an Abenakis Indian raid on Charlestown New Hampshire in August 1754. The main events in Calico Captive which occurred on the brink of the French and Indian War were taken from Johnson's narrative diary A Narrative of the Captivity of Mrs.
 Sing Pao Daily News (Chinese: 成報; pinyin: Chéng Bào) is one of the oldest Chinese newspapers in Hong Kong and was first published on 1 May 1939 by the Sing Pao Newspaper Company Limited (成報報刊有限公司 Pinyin: Chéngbào Bàokān Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī). It was initially published once every three days and later once a day. According to Sing Pao it circulates about 100000 copies every day with over 220000 readers (as of 2003).
 Sozialistische Arbeiter-Zeitung ('Socialist Workers Newspaper' abbreviated SAZ) was a daily newspaper published in Germany between 1931 and 1933. SAZ was the central organ of the Socialist Workers Party of Germany (SAPD).
 Return from the Stars (Polish: Powrót z gwiazd) is a science fiction novel by Polish author Stanisław Lem. Written in 1961 it revolves around the story of a cosmonaut returning to his homeworld Earth and finding it a completely different place than when he left. The novel touches among the ideas of alienation culture shock and dystopias. It was translated into English in 1980 by Barbara Marszal and Frank Simpson.
 The Syracuse Herald-Journal (1939-2001) was an evening newspaper in Syracuse New York with roots going back to 1839 when it was named the Western State Journal. The final issue — volume 124 number 37500 — was published on September 29 2001. The newspaper's name came from the merger of the Syracuse Herald and the Syracuse Journal.
 The Vault of Horror was a bi-monthly horror comic anthology series published by EC Comics in the early 1950s. Along with Tales from the Crypt and The Haunt of Fear it formed a trifecta of popular EC horror anthologies. The Vault of Horror hit newsstands with its April/May 1950 issue and ceased publication with its December/January 1955 issue producing a total of 29 issues.
 Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. The editor-in-chief is S.G. Lisberger (School of Medicine University of California San Francisco. The journal is sponsored by the International Brain Research Organization.
 Girls is an American monthly comic book limited series created by Jonathan and Joshua Luna published by Image Comics between 2005 and 2007.It tells the story of the people of Pennystown a community of 63 who are cut off from the rest of the world and attacked by a group of naked flesh eating egg-laying women as well as other bizarre dangers. The first issue was published in May 2005 and the last in April 2007 after 24 issues.
 The Astronomical Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal of astronomy and cosmology. Both a print and online edition of the journal are produced.The Astronomical Review publishes original research papers research notes review articles conference proceedings and letters. Many papers published are on gravity and general relativity.
 All Things Betray Thee by Gwyn Thomas is a novel of early industrialism in South Wales. It was first published in 1949 and was republished in 1986 with an introduction by Raymond WilliamsSet in 1835 this work is significantly different from most of Gwyn Thomas's work. It is both an interesting personal story and an account of the origin of the industrialised and mostly English-speaking society of the South Wales Valleys.
 Tarry Flynn is a novel by Irish poet and novelist Patrick Kavanagh set in 1930s rural Ireland. The book is based on Kavanagh's experience as a young farmer in Monaghan. The novel however is set in Cavan. The story is based on the life of a young farmer poet and his quest for big fields young women and the meaning of life.
 Whistle (1978) a novel by James Jones tells the story of four wounded South Pacific veterans brought back by hospital ship to the United States during World War II. Much of the story takes place in a veterans hospital in the fictional city of Luxor Tennessee (based on the city of Memphis).Whistle forms the third part of a war trilogy after From Here to Eternity (1951) and The Thin Red Line (1962).
 Wanted is a single-volume Japanese shōjo manga written and illustrated by Matsuri Hino author of Vampire Knight. The three-chapter work was published by Hakusensha on January 5 2005. Viz Media released an English language edition in North America on September 2 2008. It is licensed for regional language releases in Italy by J POP in Germany by Carlsen Verlag and in Singapore by Chuang Yi.
 Studies in Higher Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of higher education published by Routledge on behalf of the Society for Research into Higher Education.The editor is Malcolm Tight at the Department of Educational Research Lancaster University.The journal published two issues per year until 1986 three issues per year until 2001 four in 2002 and 2003 and six issues from 2004 until 2008. Since 2009 this journal publishes eight issues per year.
 The King of Ireland's Son is a children's novel published in Ireland in 1916 written by Padraic Colum and illustrated by Willy Pogany. It is the story of the eldest of the King of Ireland's sons and his adventures winning and then finding Fedelma the Enchanter's Daughter who after being won is kidnapped from him by the King of the Land of Mist.
 Not So Bad as We Seem Or Many Sides to a Character: A Comedy in Five Acts was a play written by Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton in 1851 and performed the same year as a charity event to benefit the Literary Guild a society for struggling authors. The performance was especially notable for its cast which included novelists Charles Dickens and Wilkie Collins Punch editor Mark Lemon artists Augustus Egg and John Tenniel and writers Peter Cunningham and Douglas Jerrold.
 American Mineralogist: An International Journal of Earth and Planetary Materials is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the general fields of mineralogy crystallography geochemistry and petrology. It is an official journal of the Mineralogical Society of America. The editors-in-chief are Keith Putirka (California State University Fresno) Martin Kunz (Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory) and Ian Swainson (National Research Council of Canada).
 The Monsters and the Critics is a collection of J. R. R. Tolkien's scholarly linguistic essays edited by his son Christopher and published posthumously in 1983.The essays are: Beowulf: the Monsters and the Critics looks at Beowulf. On Translating Beowulf looks at translating Anglo-Saxon. On Fairy-Stories the 1939 Andrew Lang lecture at St Andew's University is a defence of the fantasy genre.
 PC Magazine (sometimes referred to as PC Mag) is a computer magazine published by Ziff Davis. A print edition was published from 1982 to January 2009. Publication of online editions started in late 1994 and continues to this day.
 Trust Me is the biggest-selling Indian chick lit novel. Written by Rajashree it is set in Bollywood the Bombay film industry and uses the narrative structure of a 'masala' Bollywood film.</blockquote>
 Palimpsest is a novel by Catherynne M. Valente published in March 2009. It follows four separate characters as they discover and explore a mysterious city accessed only at night.In an interview with Terri Windling at Fantasy Book Critic Valente describes the book: Palimpsest is an urban fantasy about a city that lives on human skin a viral city whose citizens consist of those who bear parts of the city on their flesh and visit it in their dreams.
 Fucking A is a play written by American playwright Suzan-Lori Parks. It was produced by DiverseWorks for Infernal Bridegroom Productions and premiered at the DiverseWorks Artspace in Houston Texas on February 24 2000.
 The Swords of Night and Day (ISBN 0-345-45834-6) is a fantasy novel by David Gemmell as well as a pair of legendary swords within the book. They also appear in Gemmell's book White Wolf. The book is set 1000 years following the death of Olek Skilgannon.The novel is an exploration of the future of the Drenai world focussing heavily on Jiamads (joinings of beast and men honed to fighting perfection).
 Distant Stars is a 1981 collection of short stories by Samuel R. Delany. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction Algol and New Worlds while the novella Empire Star was originally published as an Ace Double with Tree Lord of Imeten by Tom Purdom.
 English as She Is Spoke is the common name of a 19th-century book written by Pedro Carolino and falsely additionally credited to José da Fonseca which was intended as a Portuguese-English conversational guide or phrase book but is regarded as a classic source of unintentional humour as the given English translations are generally completely incoherent.The humour appears to be a result of dictionary-aided literal translation which causes many idiomatic expressions to be translated wildly inappropriately. 
 The Oracle and the Mountains is a short story by Stephen King originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in February 1981. In 1982 The Oracle and the Mountains was collected with several other stories King published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction as The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. The Oracle and the Mountains formed the third chapter of the book and was slightly revised for the inclusion.
 Spoiled is a television and stage play by Simon Gray first broadcast by the BBC in 1968 as part of The Wednesday Play series and later adapted for the stage. It is set over a single weekend in the house of a schoolmaster Howarth who invites one of his O-Level French students to his home to do some last-minute cramming before an exam. Howarth has an almost unnatural enthusiasm while his student Donald is painfully shy.
 “Да Знаeм Повече” (“To Know More”) was a Bulgarian popular-science & leisure bi-monthly magazine accessible on-line and through e-readers tablet devices and mobile phones in a DRM-free PDF format. It contained a multitude of articles in a plurality of topics such as nature technology science space history travel art and statistics. The magazine was distributed for free and featured crowd-sourced articles written and designed by volunteer authors.
 Strongest! Aoizaka Metropolitan High School Baseball Club (最強!都立あおい坂高校野球部 Saikyō! Toritsu Aoizaka Kōkō Yakyūbu) is a shōnen manga by Motoyuki Tanaka. The manga began its serialization in Shōnen Sunday from 2005 vol. 6 and ended in 2010 vol. 20. In 2008 the series won the Kodansha Manga Award in the shōnen category.
 Lion Country is a novel by Frederick Buechner and the first in the Book of Bebb series. Lion Country was written in 1971 and was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction in 1972.Lion Country is written in the first person. The narrator Antonio Parr is a writer who attempts a piece of investigative journalism. Parr tries to expose Leo Bebb a clergyman who runs a diploma mill as a con-man.
 The Lost Prince is a novel by British-American author Frances Hodgson Burnett first published in 1915.
 Cowboys for Christ: On May Day is a novel written by Robin Hardy first published in 2006 by Luath Press. It is a partial sequel of Hardy's previous film The Wicker Man (1973) dealing with many of the same themes and ideas namely the clash between paganism and Christianity.The book's plot revolves around two young Americans Beth and Steve who are members of a fundamentalist Protestant Christian group in their home of Texas U.S.A.
 Wingman (ウイングマン) also known as Dream Soldier Wingman (夢戦士ウイングマン Yume Senshi Uinguman) is a Japanese science fiction manga series by Masakazu Katsura. It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1983 to 1985. It was adapted into an anime television series in 1984.It also had a 1984 visual novel adventure game adaptation of the same name developed by TamTam and published by Enix for the NEC PC-8801 and other Japanese personal computers.
 Bill's New Frock is a book by Anne Fine and illustrated by Philippe Dupasquier for younger readers first published in 1989 and reissued by Egmont in a new edition on 1 August 2002. The story concerns a young boy Bill Simpson who wakes up one morning to find he is a girl... Forced off to school in a frilly pink dress Bill discovers one of the worst days in his life is about to begin.
 Kanokon (かのこん) is a Japanese light novel series by Katsumi Nishino with illustrations by Koin. The first novel was released by Media Factory on October 31 2005 under its MF Bunko J imprint and it published 15 volumes until December 24 2010. Kanokon is an abbreviation of Kanojo wa Kon to Kawaiku Seki o Shite (彼女はこん、とかわいく咳をして).
 Women of Algiers in Their Apartment French: Femmes d'Alger dans leur Appartement is a 1980 novel by the Algerian writer Assia Djebar. It is a collection of short stories celebrating the strength and dignity of Algerian women of the past and the present. The interweaving stories of the lives of three Muslim Algerian women. Assia Djebar wrote her Femme d'Alger dans leur appartement after her inspiration of Delacroix's painting.
 The Rainbow is a 1915 novel by British author D. H. Lawrence. It follows three generations of the Brangwen family living in Nottinghamshire particularly focusing on the individual's struggle to growth and fulfilment within the confining strictures of English social life.
 The Coyote Kings of the Space-Age Bachelor Pad is a comic science fiction novel and social satire written by Edmonton Alberta Canada writer and activist Malcolm Azania under the pen name of Minister Faust. His first book it received major international release in August 2004 by the publisher Random House.Unconventionally the novel is told from eleven points of view employing distinct first-person narrative voices.
 Death in Venice is a novella written by the German author Thomas Mann first published in 1912 as Der Tod in Venedig. The work presents a great writer suffering writer's block who visits Venice and is liberated uplifted and then increasingly obsessed by the sight of a stunningly beautiful youth.
 The Shrouded Planet is a 1957 science fiction novel published under the name Robert Randall but actually the collaborative work of two writers Robert Silverberg and Randall Garrett. It consists of three linked stories each originally published separately in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction. Linking chapters were added for book release. The first book printing by Gnome Press in New York was small and did not sell well.
 Magic Ritual and Witchcraft is a peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on magic scholarship published biannually by the University of Pennsylvania Press. As of 2011 the editors-in-chief are Claire Fanger (Rice University) and Richard Kieckhefer (Northwestern University). It is available online through Project MUSE.The journal is affiliated with Societas Magicas an organization of scholars interested in magic.
 The Stretch is a thriller written by Stephen Leather published in 2000. The novel his twelfth was based on the script for his television miniseries of the same name.
 The Hastings Constitutional Law Quarterly (Bluebook abbreviation: Hastings Const. L.Q.) is a quarterly law review covering constitutional law edited by students of the University of California Hastings College of the Law. While most articles focus on issues arising under the United States Constitution the journal also covers topics concerning state and foreign constitutions. It was established in 1973.
 Ihmiset suviyössä is a novel by Finnish author Frans Eemil Sillanpää. It was released in 1934. In 1948 Valentin Vaala directed a film based on the book. The fifth edition of the novel was published that year.Ihmiset suviyössä has been said to be an ode to a Finnish summer night. It deals with the biggest issues of life; birth death and what effects love or the lack of it has on man.
 A Futile and Stupid Gesture: How Doug Kenney and National Lampoon Changed Comedy Forever is an American book that was published in 2006. It is a history of National Lampoon magazine and one of its three founders Doug Kenney during the 1970s.
 The Cult of the Amateur: How Today's Internet Is Killing Our Culture (ISBN 0385520808) is a 2007 book written by entrepreneur and Internet critic Andrew Keen.
 The Five-Storied Pagoda (Gojūnotō 五重塔) is a novella by writer Kōda Rohan. “It was originally written as a serialized piece of fiction in the intellectual newspaper Kokkai (Diet or Parliament) beginning in November 1891 and ending in March of the following year. As a consequence chapter divisions in this story […] do not necessarily coincide with the breaks in plot progression or narrative pauses.”(15). The pagoda in the story is based on a pagoda donated to Tokyo by Tennō-ji.
 The Miserable Mill is the fourth novel of the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket. It is to be released in paperback under the name The Miserable Mill; or Hypnotism! The novel tells the story of the Baudelaire orphans being sent to live with the owner of Lucky Smells Lumbermill; yet Count Olaf appears again with a new plot and disguise. The book was published on April 15 2000 by HarperCollins and illustrated by Brett Helquist.
 The People's Pictorial or China Pictorial (Chinese 人民画报 or 人民畫報 Renmin Huabao Tibetan Mi dmangs brnyan par) is a Chinese monthly magazine first published in 1950. The title of the magazine was handwritten by Chairman Mao Zedong. It was one of four publications allowed during the Cultural Revolution in China. In addition to the Chinese edition there are other editions in different languages including English Japanese French German and Russian.
 The Helmet of Navarre is a historical novel by American writer Bertha Runkle published in 1901. It first appeared in serial form in the magazine The Century Magazine in 1900. Later she adapted the novel for the stage.
 Jaijaidin (Bengali: যায়যায়দিন Jaejaedin) is a Bengali language daily published from Dhaka Bangladesh.
 Danse Macabre (1981) is a non-fiction book by Stephen King about horror fiction in print radio film and comics and the influence of contemporary societal fears and anxieties on the genre. It was republished on February 23 2010 with an additional new essay entitled What's Scary.Danse Macabre examines the various influences on King's own writing and important genre texts of the 19th and 20th centuries.
 The European Journal of Preventive Cardiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research on the cardiovascular system. The journal's editor-in-chief is Diederick E. Grobbee (University Medical Center Utrecht). It was established in 1994 as the European Journal of Cardiovascular Prevention & Rehabilitation and obtained its current title in 2012. It is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology.
 The Life Lottery a futuristic eco-thriller is the final book in Ian Irvine's Human Rites Sequence set after the events in Terminator Gene it is also only published in Australia and currently out of print but will be re-released as a revised edition in March 2010.The ePub version of the eBook is available to download for free on Ian Irvine's website. It is also available on the Amazon Kindle but is not free.
 Dead Water is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-third novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1964.The plot concerns a murder in a small coastal village where a local spring believed to have miraculous healing properties is enriching many of the local residents who cater to those seeking healing they can't find elsewhere.
 The Major is an 1881 comedic play produced by Edward Harrigan and Tony Hart. It debuted to a full house at the new Theatre Comique on Broadway in New York City on August 29 1881. Songs contributed by David Braham include Major Gilfeather as well as Miranda When We Are Made One and Veteran's Guards' Cadets and Clara Jenkins' Tea.
 The Deniers is a 2008 book by Lawrence Solomon a Canadian environmentalist and writer. Subtitled The world-renowned scientists who stood up against global warming hysteria political persecution and fraud the book draws attention to a number of scientists and others who according to Solomon have advanced arguments against what he calls the alarmist view of global warming as presented by Al Gore the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) the mainstream media and others.
 Long Way Down is a television series book and DVD documenting a motorcycle journey undertaken by Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman on which they rode south through 18 countries from John o' Groats in Scotland to Cape Town in South Africa via Europe and Africa in 2007.
 The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum or: how violence develops and where it can lead (original German title: Die verlorene Ehre der Katharina Blum oder: Wie Gewalt entstehen und wohin sie führen kann) is a 1974 novel by Heinrich Böll.The story deals with the sensationalism of tabloid news and the political climate of panic over Red Army Faction terrorism in the 1970s Federal Republic of Germany.
 Alfred Hitchcock Mystery Magazine (AHMM) is a monthly digest size fiction magazine specializing in crime and detective fiction. AHMM is named for Alfred Hitchcock the famed director of suspense films and television.
 I Love You Beth Cooper is a comedy novel written by former The Simpsons writer Larry Doyle.
 The Greek Symbol Mystery is the 60th volume in the Nancy Drew Stories series.
 Gangan (ガンガン Gangan) is a manga imprint of Square Enix (originally Enix). It publishes manga in several magazines aimed at different reader demographic groups in the Japanese market. Its magazines are home to some popular manga series which were adapted into anime series like Fullmetal Alchemist Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit Nabari no Ou Inu x Boku SS and Soul Eater.
 Kaspar is a play written by Austrian playwright Peter Handke. It was published in 1967. It was Handke's first full-length drama and was hailed in Europe as the play of the Decade. It depicts the foundling Kaspar Hauser as a near-speechless innocent destroyed by society’s attempts to impose on him its language and its own rational values.
 Cultural depictions of Matthew Shepard include notable plays films novels songs and other works inspired by the 1998 Matthew Shepard murder investigation and resulting interest the case brought to the topic of hate crime. The best known is the stage play The Laramie Project which was adapted into an HBO movie of the same name.
 Vampire Game (吸血遊戯 Kyūketsu Yūgi) is a manga by the Japanese author and artist Judal. It originally ran in the monthly manga magazine Wings with its last chapter serialized in the November 2004 issue. The series has 15 volumes in all. It was licensed in the U.S. by Tokyopop.
 Hush'd Be the Camps To-Day is a poem by Walt Whitman dedicated to Abraham Lincoln.The poem was written on April 19 1865 shortly after Lincoln's assassination. Whitman went on to write additional poetry about Lincoln: O Captain! My Captain! When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloom'd and This Dust Was Once the Man.
 Stones in His Pockets is a two-hander written in 1996 by Marie Jones for the DubbleJoint Theatre Company in Dublin Ireland.
 The Hazing is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the October 1942 issue of Thrilling Wonder Stories and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. Discussing the story in The Early Asimov the author noted that it is set in the same fictional universe as his earlier stories Homo Sol and The Imaginary but featured different characters. The Hazing was the thirtieth story written by Asimov and the twenty-eighth to be published.
 The Domes of Pico is a juvenile science fiction novel the second in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1958 in the US by Criterion Books in 1959 under the title Menace from the Moon and in the Netherlands by Prisma Juniores as 'De Maan Valt Aan' in 1960.
 The Irish Daily Mail is a newspaper published in Ireland and Northern Ireland by Associated Newspapers. The paper was launched in February 2006 with a launch strategy that included giving away free copies on the first day of circulation and low pricing subsequently. The 2009 price is one euro.
 The Way of Perfection (Spanish: Camino de Perfección) is a method for making progress in the contemplative life written by St.
 BJUI (formerly known as the British Journal of Urology) is a peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1929. The editor-in-chief is Prokar Dasgupta and the journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell. It covers research on all aspects of urology.
 Pity the Nation: Lebanon at War is a book by award winning English journalist Robert Fisk. The book is an account of the Lebanese civil war 1975–1990 which Fisk lived through and reported on. It gives an insight into the machinations of the war and has many eyewitness accounts from the people Fisk interviewed and interacted with at the time.
 The Information Systems Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers on any aspect of information systems but has particular emphasis on the relationship between information systems and people business and organisations. The journal was established in 1991 by David Avison and Guy Fitzgerald with the name Journal of Information Systems. The name was changed to Information Systems Journal in 1994.
 UtsunoMiko (宇宙皇子) also written Utsu no Miko is a Japanese historical fantasy light novel series written by Keisuke Fujikawa (藤川桂介) and illustrated by Mutsumi Inomata which was later adapted into an anime of the same title. The story is set in the late Asuka Period to the Nara Period and follows the trials of the titular character Utsunomiko (usually shortened to Miko) the offspring of the kami of the north star.
 'Aranyak' (Bengali: আরণ্যক ) composed between 1937–39 is a famous Bengali novel by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay based on his long and arduous years in northern Bihar where he came into contact with a part of the world that even now remains unknown to most of us. Aranyak literally means Of the Forest. This novel explores the journey of the protagonist Satyacharan in the dichotomy of the urban and jungle lives.
 The Secret of Skull Mountain is Volume 27 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by George Waller Jr. in 1948. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 The Extraordinary Tale of Nicholas Pierce is a 2011 adventure novel written by Alexander DeLuca. It follows the journey of a university teacher Nicholas Pierce who suffers from obsessive compulsive disorder as he searches for his biological parents traveling across states in the United States of America. He travels with a friend who is an eccentric barista in a cafe in upstate New York named Sergei Tarasov.
 Gypsy was a 1929 Broadway three act play written by Maxwell Andersonand produced by Richard Herndon and directed by George Cukor. It ran for 64 performances from January 14 1929 to March 1929 at the Klaw Theatre. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1928-1929.
 Annabel: A Novel for Young Folk is a 1906 juvenile novel written by L. Frank Baum the author famous for his series of books on the Land of Oz. The book was issued under the pen name Suzanne Metcalf one of Baum's various pseudonyms. Annabel was one of Baum's first efforts to write a novel for adolescent girls — who soon became one of his most important audiences.
 Hitchhiker is a biography of comedy science-fiction writer and creator of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Douglas Adams who lived from 11 March 1952 to 11 May 2001. It is written by M. J. Simpson.
 Love Attack! (純愛特攻隊長! Junai Tokkō Taichō) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shizuru Seino. It began serialized in Bessatsu Friend from 2005. The individual chapters are collected and published in tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
 International Trends (Russian: Международные процессы Mezhdunarodnye Protsessy) is a Russian peer-reviewed academic journal covering international relations theory and research methods in world politics. Founded in 2002 it is published three times a year by the Academic Educational Forum on International Relations. In 2002–2012 its edition was supported by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation and since 2012 by the State Club Foundation.
 My Further Disillusionment in Russia is a 1924 non-fiction book by Emma Goldman her continuation of My Disillusionment in Russia the original publication in which the last twelve chapters were entirely missing including the Afterword.
 The Olathe News is a McClatchy newspaper based in Olathe Kansas in the United States. It was the sponsor to Kavya Shivashankar the winner of the 2009 Scripps National Spelling Bee.
 The Entomologist's Record and Journal of Variation is a bimonthly peer-reviewed entomological journal. Its emphasis is British and European Lepidoptera but material on other insect orders is also published regularly. It was established by J. W. Tutt in 1890. Its current editor is Colin W. Plant.Two long-running series featured in the journal are the annual reports on immigration of Lepidoptera into the British Isles and an annual review of the Microlepidoptera recorded from Britain.
 Del-Del is a psychological young adult novel written by Australian author Victor Kelleher and published in 1992. It deals with themes of loss and apparent demonic possession.
 Thoughts of My Cats is a 1954 non-fiction book by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Pulse St. Petersburg is a monthly entertainment magazine published in English and Russian. Its editorial staff is based in St. Petersburg Russia and it is owned by a Finnish Pulse Media Oy. It has been published since May 1995.
 Sea Change is a realistic children's adventure novel by Richard Armstrong first published by Dent in 1948 with line drawings by Michel Leszczynski and promoted as A novel for boys. Set on a contemporary cargo ship it features a sixteen-year-old apprentice in the British Merchant Navy who has completed one year at sea of four years required.
 The Female Marine or The Adventures of Lucy Brewer was first published in 1815 as a series of pamphlets sold in Boston. The series was written by Nathaniel Coverly and printed by Nathaniel Hill Wright. Controversy has surrounded the story as to the true authorship of the story as well as the claimed existence of Lucy Brewer as the first female in the US Marine Corps.
 Astroparticle Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering experimental and theoretical research in the interacting fields of cosmic ray physics astronomy and astrophysics cosmology and particle physics. It was established in 1992 and is published monthly by North-Holland an imprint of Elsevier. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.777.
 Academia Caţavencu (Romanian pronunciation: [akadeˈmi.a kat͡saˈveŋku] The Caţavencu Academy) is a Romanian satirical magazine founded in 1991 and made famous by its investigative journalism.
 That Yellow Bastard is a six-issue comic book limited series and the sixth in the Sin City series. It was published by Dark Horse Comics in February–July 1996 It follows the usual black and white noir style artistry of previous Sin City novels with the exception of yellow on Roark Junior late in the story.It is one of the comics adapted into the Sin City film.
 Dead Lagoon is a novel by Michael Dibdin and is the fourth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series. Moonlighting Zen engineers a posting to his home town of Venice on a pretext in order to investigate the disappearance of an American millionaire on behalf of his American ex-girlfriend.
 Champion Red (チャンピオンRED or チャンピオンレッド Chanpion Reddo) is a monthly Japanese shōnen/seinen manga magazine published on the 19th each month by Akita Shoten since August 19 2002 (2002-08-19) (cover date October 2002 (2002-10)).Champion Red Ichigo (チャンピオンREDいちご Chanpion Reddo Ichigo) is a special edition of Champion Red.
 Pagan Theology: Paganism as a World Religion is a taxonomical study of various world religions which argues for a new definition of the word paganism.
 Why I Am a Separatist is a political essay by Marcel Chaput a militant for the independence of Quebec from Canada. It was published in French in 1961 and in English translation in 1962.
 They Also Ran is the title of a 1943 book by Irving Stone. Stone a historian evaluates several unsuccessful candidates for President of the United States in light of their places in history (and those of their victorious opponents) and attempts to assess whether or not the American people made the right choice in rejecting them for that office.The Chicago Tribune called They Also Ran a fascinating and challenging book while the New York Times praised it as a brilliant idea . . .
 Maka-Maka is a Japanese adult manga series written and illustrated by manga author Torajirō Kishi. The manga was serialized in Bunkasha's adult magazine Pent-Japan Special and released in two bound volumes by Jive. The manga has been licensed for distribution in North America by Media Blasters in Germany by Panini and in France by Delcourt.
 The Tercentenary Incident is a science-fiction/mystery short story by Isaac Asimov.
 The Batman Chronicles is a series of comics published by DC Comics from 1995 to 2001 which lasted 23 quarterly issues and a series of collections.
 The Borneo Post established in 1978 is the largest English-language daily newspaper on the island of Borneo.
 Buddy (1982) is a novel written by Nigel Hinton.The main characters are Buddy Clark his mother Carol Clark his father Terry Clark and Julian and Charmian Rybeero.The story deals with issues such as racism thieving and child neglect.The book was made into a television series in 1986.The book was followed by two sequels Buddy's Song (1987) which became a film (starring Chesney Hawkes and Roger Daltrey) in 1991 and Buddy's Blues (1995).
 Neatkarīgās Tukuma Ziņas (English: Independent News of Tukums) is a Latvian language local newspaper targeted at the residents of the towns of Tukums and Kandava as well as the rest of Tukums municipality in the western region of Latvia.
 The Journal of Marital & Family Therapy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy. The journal was established in 1975. The current editor-in-chief is Fred Piercy (Virginia Tech).
 Justine published in 1957 is the first volume in Lawrence Durrell's Alexandria Quartet. Justine is one of four interlocking novels which each tell various aspects of a complex story of passion and deception from various points of view.
 Strictly Dishonorable is a romantic comedy play written by Preston Sturges and first produced on Broadway in 1929. It was adapted for the screen twice first in 1931 then again in 1951. The play was Sturges' second Broadway production and the first of his plays to be made into a film.
 Dainik Agradoot (Assamese: দৈনিক অগ্ৰদূত) is an Assamese daily newspaper owned by Agradoot Publishers Pvt. Ltd. published simultaneously from Guwahati Jorhat and Tezpur.Dainik Agradoot has its headquarters at Dispur Guwahati.
 City of Stormreach (ISBN 0-7869-4803-1) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 The Surprises of the Superhuman is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first bookof poetry Harmonium. Itwas first published in 1918 so it is in the publicdomain.This poem was Section V of the poem-sequence Lettres d'un Soldat(1918). It was extracted as The Surprises of the Superhuman for thesecond edition of Harmonium along with Negation; the two poemsadjoin each other near the end of the book. Both poems reflectStevens's reading of Nietzsche.
 The Oxford Encyclopedia of Maritime History John B. Hattendorf editor in chief was published by Oxford University Press in 2007. The work was issued in four volumes in print and online in the Oxford Digital Library.
 And Yet the Town Moves (Japanese: それでも町は廻っている Hepburn: Soredemo Machi wa Mawatteiru) abbreviated as Soremachi (それ町?) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Masakazu Ishiguro. The manga started serialization in Young King OURs magazine on March 30 2005 and twelve bound volumes have been released in Japan as of December 2013.
 The Sword of Moses is a 2013 mystery detective thriller novel written by the English historian and journalist Dominic Selwood.It is based around the infamous ancient Hebrew magical text The Sword of Moses and features Dr Ava Curzon an archaeologist working in the National Museum of Iraq in Baghdad reassembling the collections looted during the 2003 invasion.
 Year's Best SF 10 (ISBN 0-06-057561-1) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2005. It is the tenth in the Year's Best SF series.
 The Yukon Review is a semiweekly central Oklahoma newspaper published Wednesday and Saturday and featuring community news and sports. Established in 1963 the newspaper is carrier-delivered and mailed to subscribers.The Yukon Review began publishing in 1963 as successor to the Yukon Sun. The town had several previous newspapers; the Yukon Register published from 1893 and the Yukon Weekly from 1894 combined with the Yukon Sun in 1900.
 Cover Her Face is the debut 1962 crime novel of P. D. James. It details the investigations by her poetry-writing detective Adam Dalgliesh into the death of a young ambitious maid surrounded by a family which has reasons to want her gone – or dead.The title is taken from a passage from John Webster's The Duchess of Malfi: Cover her face. Mine eyes dazzle; she died young.
 The Free Lance–Star is the principal daily newspaper distributed throughout Fredericksburg Virginia United States with a circulation area including the city of Fredericksburg and all or parts of the counties of Spotsylvania Stafford King George Caroline Culpeper Fauquier Louisa Orange Prince William and Westmoreland.The Free Lance was first published on January 27 1885 when a group of local merchants created the paper to serve the news and advertising needs of the community.
 Friends in Low Places is Volume II of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven published in 1965. It was the second novel to be published in The Alms for Oblivion sequence and is the fifth novel chronologically. The story takes place in and around London in 1959.
 Disasters is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the Overseas Development Institute (ODI). Disasters is managed by the Humanitarian Policy Group at the ODI. The journal was established in 1977 and covers aspects of disaster studies policy and management. Disasters publishes field reports case study articles and academic papers.
 God’s Fool: A Koopstad Story is an English-language novel by the Dutch writer Maarten Maartens first published in 1892. The title is based on 1 Corinthians 3:19: ‘For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God.’ Elias Lossell the principal person may be a fool but he has God's wisdom.
 The River is a short story by the American author Flannery O'Connor. It is one of the ten stories included her short story collection A Good Man Is Hard to Find published in 1955. A Roman Catholic much of O'Connor's work focuses on Christian concepts of grace pride sin and redemption.
 Expert Opinion on Investigational Drugs is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering developments in pharmaceutical research from animal studies through to early clinical investigation.
 Relic of Empire is a science fiction novel by W. Michael Gear.
 The Jamesons is a novel by Mary E. Wilkins first published in 1899. It narrated in the first person by a character named Sophia. The story she tells began six years before and takes place in a small New England town often referred to as a village named Linnville. The town is set in the country and is composed of a small community where people are by no means rich but are able to live comfortably.
 Scott-King's Modern Europe published in 1947 is a long short story or novella by Evelyn Waugh sometimes called A Sojourn in Neutralia. It was first published in an abridged form in the Cornhill Magazine in 1947 then by Chapman & Hall also in 1947.
 A Vulgar Display of Power: Courage and Carnage at the Alrosa Villa is a book written by rock writer and photographer Chris Armold and released by MJS Music Publications in 2007.
 Identifying and Managing Project Risk by Tom Kendrick is a book about identifying and managing risks on projects. It was published on April 25 2003 by American Management Association. The book is geared to be used by a junior Project Manager and Kendrick aligns the chapters of the Book to the Project Management Institute's (PMI) Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) 2000 edition.
 Brother I'm Dying published in 2007 is a family memoir by novelist Edwidge Danticat. In 2007 the title won the National Book Critics Circle Award and was also nominated for the National Book Award.
 Akaboshi: Ibun Suikoden (AKABOSHI -異聞水滸伝-) is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Yōichi Amano. It runs weekly in Weekly Shōnen Jump beginning from May 2009. The story is based on a Chinese novel Shui Hu Zhuan also known as Water Margin and is set in the year 1112 in China. Amano Youichi is also the author of Over Time and various one shots such as Cross Beat Live Alive Season Call Usagi to Kame to Strike.
 The Daily Astorian is a daily newspaper published in Astoria Oregon United States established in 1873 and in publication continuously since then. The paper serves the Astoria Warrenton Seaside area the Long Beach Peninsula and surrounding areas. The newspaper is published Monday through Friday and has a circulation of approximately 8400.
 Eindhovens Dagblad is a Dutch newspaper oriented towards the city of Eindhoven. In 2008 it had a circulation of 105866 copies.The first issue appeared on December 23 1911 under the name Eindhovensch Dagblad. In 1963 Eindhovensch Dagblad was bought by the owner of its competitor Oost-Brabant. They fused and continued under the name Eindhovensch Dagblad. A year later they fused with the Nieuwe Eindhovense Krant and had a minor change in name to the more modern Dutch Eindhovens Dagblad.
 The South Bend Tribune is a newspaper distributed in the Michiana (Indiana Michigan United States) region. There are five editions for distribution in southwestern lower Michigan Mishawaka (2 editions) Marshall County and the South Bend Metro area. The South Bend Tribune has a daily circulation of 62000 and Sunday circulation of 80000 with an average daily readership of 132900 adult daily readership and 171700 adult Sunday.Alfred B.
 Radio & Records (R&R) was a trade publication providing news and airplay information for the radio and music industries. It originally started out as an independent trade from 1973 to 2006 until VNU Media took over in 2006 up until its final issue in 2009.
 New Writings in SF 23 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the second volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in November 1973 followed by a paperback edition under the slightly variant title New Writings in SF - 23 issued by Corgi in 1975.
 28 Days Later is a comic book series published by BOOM! Studios written by Michael Alan Nelson and drawn by Declan Shalvey and Alejandro Aragon.The series follows on from the events of 28 Days Later initially taking place in the gap between it and the sequel 28 Weeks Later much like the graphic novel 28 Days Later: The Aftermath and as such references the upcoming American NATO occupation.
 The Snout in the Dark is one of the original stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian a fragment begun in the 1930s but not finished or published in Howard's lifetime. It was completed by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter and in this form first published in the collection Conan of Cimmeria (1969).
 The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication is a book by Charles Darwin that was first published in January 1868.A large proportion of the book contains detailed information on the domestication of animals and plants but it also contains in Chapter XXVII a description of Darwin's theory of heredity which he called pangenesis.
 Best Practice & Research: Clinical Rheumatology is a medical journal covering evidence-based medicine as applied to clinical practice of musculoskeletal conditions. It is aimed at clinical physicians and trainees to help them keep up to date with current practice. Issues contain review articles with a practical bent.
 Samurai Deeper Kyo (サムライ ディーパー キョウ Samurai Dīpā Kyō) is a manga series written and illustrated by Akimine Kamijyo. Set during the Edo period of Japan's history Samurai Deeper Kyo follows Demon Eyes Kyo (鬼目の狂 Oni Me no Kyō) a feared samurai seeking to regain his body after his soul is sealed inside the body of his rival Mibu Kyoshiro.
 All the President's Men is a 1974 non-fiction book by Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward two of the journalists investigating the first Watergate break-in and ensuing scandal for The Washington Post. The book chronicles the investigative reporting of Woodward and Bernstein from Woodward's initial report on the Watergate break-in through the resignations of H. R. Haldeman and John Ehrlichman and the revelation of the Nixon tapes by Alexander Butterfield in 1973.
 The City and the Stars is a science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke published in 1956. This novel is a complete rewrite of his earlier novella Against the Fall of Night which was Clarke's first novel and was published in Startling Stories magazine in 1948 after John W. Campbell Jr. had rejected it according to Clarke himself.Several years later Clarke revised his novel extensively and he renamed it The City and the Stars.
 El estrangulador (English The Strangler) is a 1994 novel by Manuel Vázquez Montalbán. The book was published on Oct 31 1994 through Grijalbo Mondadori and focuses around a psychiatric patient that gives a potentially unreliable narration of his life. The book has received some praise for its content and won the Premio de la Crítica Española award in 1995.
 The Journal of Experimental Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering social psychology. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Society of Experimental Social Psychology (SESP).
 The Official Guide of the Railways now known as the Official Railway Guide was originally produced by National Railway Publication Company of New York City beginning in 1868. The modern Official Railway Guide provides routing and shipping information for freight on United States railroads and is now published by the RailResource division of JOC (formerly Journal of Commerce).
 Rocannon's World is Ursula K. Le Guin's first novel. It was published in 1966 as an Ace Double along with Avram Davidson's The Kar-Chee Reign following the tête-bêche format. Though it is one of Le Guin's many works set in the universe of the technological Hainish Cycle the story itself has many elements of heroic fantasy. The hero Rocannon encounters lords who live in castles and wield swords and other races much like fairies and gnomes in his travels on a backward planet.
 Cyclone! was an Australian superhero anthology comic book originally published in 1985.The title featured four ongoing stories: The Dark Nebula a cosmic superhero by Tad Pietrzykowski The Golden Age Southern Cross superhero by Tad Pietrzykowski and Glenn Lumsden. The Jackaroo (known as Harry and the New Heroes in the first issue) by Gary Chaloner.
 Sassy magazine is a defunct teen magazine aimed at teenage female fans of alternative and indie rock music. It was founded in March 1988 by an Australian feminist Sandra Yates CEO of Matilda Publications who based it on the teen magazine Dolly which is still in publication in Australia.
 For The Beebo Brinker Chronicles series see Ann BannonBeebo Brinker is a lesbian pulp fiction novel written in 1962 by Ann Bannon (pseudonym of Ann Weldy). It is the last in a series of pulp fiction novels that eventually came to be known as The Beebo Brinker Chronicles. It was originally published in 1962 by Gold Medal Books again in 1983 by Naiad Press and again in 2001 by Cleis Press. Each edition was adorned with a different cover.
 Ghost Wars: The Secret History of the CIA Afghanistan and Bin Laden from the Soviet Invasion to September 10 2001 written by Steve Coll published in 2004 by Penguin Press won the 2005 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.The book provides an in-depth account of Central Intelligence Agency activity in Afghanistan from the time of the Soviet Invasion to the aftermath of attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
 The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society is a historical novel by Mary Ann Shaffer and Annie Barrows that was published in 2008.
 Hellboy: Conqueror Worm is a Hellboy comic book mini-series written and drawn by Mike Mignola and published by Dark Horse Comics. This work was inspired by the Edgar Allan Poe poem of the same name.
 The Woods Are Dark is a 1981 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon. It was one of his earliest published works and one he credits with having all but destroyed his publishing career in the United States.An uncut version of the novel was released by Cemetery Dance Publications in July 2008.
 The New England Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal consisting of articles on New England's cultural literary political and social history. The journal contains essays interpretations of traditional texts essay reviews and book reviews. The New England Quarterly was established in 1928 and is published by MIT Press.
 The New Yorker is an American magazine of reportage commentary criticism essays fiction satire cartoons and poetry. It is published by Condé Nast. Started as a weekly in 1925 the magazine is now published 47 times annually with five of these issues covering two-week spans.Although its reviews and events listings often focus on the cultural life of New York City The New Yorker has a wide audience outside of New York.
 Attention Please (アテンションプリーズ Atenshon Purīzu) is a manga by Chieko Hosokawa about the training of flight attendants for Japan Airlines originally serialized in Shōjo Friend from Kodansha beginning in 1970. Tokyo Broadcasting System adapted a TV drama from the manga in 1970. Thirty-six years later Fuji TV produced a new drama series in 2006. The name of the character Yōko Misaki was used in both versions.
 Zorba the Hutt's Revenge is the third book of the Jedi Prince series by Paul Davids and Hollace Davids and was released in July 1992. It is preceded by the novel The Lost City of the Jedi and followed by the novel Mission from Mount Yoda.
 Wall Literary Journal is an annually published literary magazine founded in 2000 featuring selected works from Saddleback College students. It publishes short stories poetry essays photography and artwork. A printed copy of the journal circulates on campus at the start of Saddleback's Fall Semester. Unlike many other college and university literary journals WALL only accepts submissions from students currently enrolled at Saddleback College.
 Behavioral Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1983 and covers research in behavioral neuroscience. The current editor-in-chief is Mark S. Blumberg (University of Iowa).
 For the Australian magazine see Your Computer (Australian magazine).Your Computer was a British computer magazine published monthly from 1981 to 1988 and aimed at the burgeoning home computer market. At one stage it was in its own words Britain's biggest selling home computer magazine. It offered support across a wide range of computer formats and included news type-in program listings and reviews of both software and hardware.
 Threshold is a 1997 fantasy novel by South Australian author Sara Douglass.
 The Ukrainian Weekly is the oldest English-language newspaper of the Ukrainian diaspora in the United States and North America.Founded by the Ukrainian National Association and published continuously since October 6 1933 archived copies of the newspaper are available at leading libraries in the United States as well as online at the newspaper's website.
 Fugitive Prince is volume four of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts. It is also volume one of the Alliance of Light the third story arc in the Wars of Light and Shadow.
 A Confederacy of Dunces is a picaresque novel by American novelist John Kennedy Toole which appeared in 1980 eleven years after Toole's suicide.
 In Another Light is the fifth novel by Scottish writer Andrew Greig. It won the 2004 Saltire Society Scottish Book of the Year Award and was nominated in 2006 for the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
 Paediatrics & Child Health is a peer-reviewed medical journal of paediatrics and is the official journal of the Canadian Paediatric Society. It covers both original research and practice guidelines and continuing medical education. The journal is published 10 times a year by the Pulsus Group and was established in 1996.
 The Daily Post is a daily newspaper for the North Wales region.The newspaper gained independence from the Liverpool Daily Post in 2003 which later ceased production in December 2013.
 Casper the Commuting Cat is an English non-fiction book by Susan Finden about her cat Casper who attracted world-wide media attention when he became a regular bus commuter in Plymouth in Devon England. The book was ghost-written by Scottish writer Linda Watson-Brown and was first published in the United Kingdom by Simon & Schuster UK on 5 August 2010.
 Don't Be Such A Scientist: Talking Substance in an Age of Style is a book published by Island Press written by scientist-turned-filmmaker Randy Olson Ph.D. which arises from a talk of the same title Olson gave to science audiences at universities and museums for five years preceding its publication. The focus of the book is the challenge scientists face in communicating to the general public in an age of information-overload.
 Quarantine is a hard science fiction novel by Greg Egan.Within a detective fiction framework the novel explores the consequences of the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics (or rather of its consciousness causes collapse variant) which Egan acknowledges was chosen more for its entertainment value than for its likelihood of being correct.
 Drama dari Krakatau ([drˈama daˈri kraˈkatau]; Drama of Krakatoa) is a 1929 vernacular Malay novel written by Kwee Tek Hoay. Inspired by Edward Bulwer-Lytton's 1834 novel The Last Days of Pompeii and the 1883 eruption of Krakatoa the sixteen-chapter book centres around two families in 1920s Batam that are unknowingly tied together by siblings who were separated in 1883. The brother becomes a political figure while the sister marries a Baduy priest-king.
 Ha-Yom (Hebrew: היום‎ The Day) was a Hebrew-language newspaper published from 1886 to mid-1888 from Saint Petersburg Russia. It was founded and edited by Jehuda Löb Kantor. Ha-Yom was the first daily Hebrew newspaper. When it was launched Ha-Yom had a daily circulation of around 2400. By 1887 the number of subscribers had fallen to around 1600.Ha-Yom was characterized by a modern Europeanized form of journalism previous unknown to Hebrew-language press.
 Analyst is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research and review articles on any aspect of analytical chemistry bioanalysis and detection science. It is published biweekly by the Royal Society of Chemistry. The editor-in-chief is May Copsey.Analyst was established in 1876 by the Society for Analytical Chemistry as The Analyst and obtained its current name in 2009. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 4.230.
 Massis (in Armenian Մասիս) is a Lebanese-Armenian publication published by the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate in Lebanon. It was established in 1947 by Cardinal Krikor Aghajanian in Beirut. A long-serving editor of the publication was Father Antranik Granian. It stopped publication temporarily in the 1990s and restarted in 2005 with Sarkis Najarian as editor in chief.
 Cincinnati CityBeat is an independent local arts and issues publication covering the Cincinnati Ohio area. It has the second largest readership in the Cincinnati area behind the daily Cincinnati Enquirer.[citation needed]
 Tarzan and the City of Gold is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the sixteenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Argosy from March through April 1932.
 Franklin Fibbs is the main character of and the name of a comic strip written by Hollis Brown and illustrated by Wes Hargis. Distributed by King Features Syndicate it began September 6 2004 and ran for two years.
 The Doom that Came to Sarnath (1920) is an early short story by H. P. Lovecraft. It is written in a mythic/fairy tale style and is associated with his Dream Cycle. It was first published in The Scot a Scottish amateur fiction magazine in June 1920.The Doom That Came to Sarnath and Other Stories is also the title for a collection of short stories by Lovecraft first published in February 1971.
 Knees Up Mother Earth is the seventh book by Robert Rankin in the Brentford Trilogy as well as the second book in the The Witches of Chiswick Trilogy.The plot centers on the efforts of Jim Pooley and John Omalley to save Brentford F.C.'s football ground from demolition as part of a satanic conspiracy to awake the serpent from the Garden of Eden.
 A Short History of Progress is a non-fiction book and lecture series by Ronald Wright about societal collapse. The lectures were delivered as a series of five speeches each taking place in different cities across Canada as part of the 2004 Massey Lectures which were broadcast on the CBC Radio program Ideas. The book version was published by House of Anansi Press and released at the same time as the lectures.
 Witness Against the Beast: William Blake and the Moral Law is a 1993 book by the British historian E. P. Thompson in which Thompson contextualizes the work of the otherwise enigmatic poet and painter William Blake. The last book that Thompson would write it was published posthumously. The book attempts to frame some of Blake's ideas in the traditions of the culture of religious dissent in England.
 Minsk na Ladonyah is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 The Kafka Effekt (2001) is the debut book of American author D. Harlan Wilson. It contains forty-four irreal short stories and flash fiction and has been said to combine the milieu's of Franz Kafka and William S. Burroughs. Along with Carlton Mellick III's Satan Burger Vincent Sakowski's Some Things Are Better Left Unplugged Hertzan Chimera's Szmonhfu Kevin L. Donihe's Shall We Gather at the Garden? and M.F.
 The Ground Beneath Her Feet is Salman Rushdie's sixth novel. Published in 1999 it is a variation on the Orpheus/Eurydice myth with rock music replacing Orpheus' lyre.
 Group Dynamics: Theory Research and Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 49 of the American Psychological Association. The journal was created in 1997 and includes research on group dynamics defined by the editors as the scientific study of all aspects of groups. The current editor-in-chief is David K. Marcus of Washington State University.
 Love and Summer is a novel written by William Trevor first published in 2009. The story takes place in the fictitious town of Rathmoye in Ireland during the 1950s. It concerns the illicit love between a photographer and the married wife of a farmer.
 Julius Knipl Real Estate Photographer is a weekly comic strip written and drawn by Ben Katchor since 1988. It is published in The Forward and various alternative weekly newspapers. Katchor embodies his love of the fading small-business community of New York City in the title character a small businessman who wanders the streets taking pictures and being sidetracked into surreal escapades. Strips often depict Knipl's chance encounters with obscure marginal businesses (e.g.
 The Amazing Scarlet Spider is the name of a short-lived comic book series starring the Scarlet Spider. It was published by Marvel Comics for two issues from November 1995 to December 1995. The book was a direct continuation in terms of creative teams and storylines of the series The Amazing Spider-Man which the title temporarily replaced for two months between issues 406 and 407.It was one of four briefly published books which featured the character.
 When a Monster is Born is a children's book written by Sean Taylor and illustrated by Nick Sharratt published in 2006. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award and has been nominated for the Kate Greenaway Medal.
 The Lost Fleet: Dauntless is the first book in Jack Campbell's The Lost Fleet series that was published in 2006. Dauntless sets the stage for the six novel saga about a fleet of over 200 ships trapped deep behind enemy lines and cut off from traveling to their home territory.
 ComputerScope is a Computer magazine edited and produced by the publishing company MediaTeam in Dublin Ireland.
 The Heiress is a 1947 play by American playwrights Ruth and Augustus Goetz adapted from the 1880 Henry James novel Washington Square.
 This article is about the Lippincott-published journal. For the one published by Elsevier see The Spine Journal.Spine is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in the field of orthopaedics especially concerning the spine. It was established in 1976 and is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The current editor-in-chief is James N. Weinstein.
 Divine Right: The Adventures of Max Faraday is a twelve-issue comic book limited series created written and drawn by Jim Lee and published by Wildstorm from 1997 to 1999. Its protagonist is Max Faraday a computer science student who inadvertently becomes the receptacle of an incredible mystic power.
 Family Secrets (1985) is a young adult novel written by Norma Klein.
 Albedo Anthropomorphics or Albedo for short was a furry comic book anthology series which was credited with starting the furry comic book subgenre that featured sophisticated stories with funny animals primarily intended for an adult audience.
 Common Grounds is a six-issue comic book limited series created by writer Troy Hickman and published by Top Cow Productions in 2004. The series examined the life of superheroes and villains in and around a chain of coffee shops called Common Grounds. Common Grounds received two Eisner Award nominations in 2005 for Best Short Story and Best Anthology.[citation needed]
 The Muses Are Heard is an early journalistic work of Truman Capote. Originally published in The New Yorker it is a narrative account of the cultural mission by The Everyman's Opera to the U.S.S.R. in the mid-1950s.Capote was sent to accompany the Opera as it staged a production of Porgy and Bess. First published in two parts it was later released as a short non-fiction book.
 The Neutronium Alchemist is a science fiction novel by Peter F. Hamilton and is the second book in The Night's Dawn Trilogy. It follows on from The Reality Dysfunction and precedes The Naked God. It was published in the United Kingdom by Macmillan Publishers on 20 October 1997. The first United States edition which is broken into two volumes Consolidation and Conflict followed in April and May 1998 from Time Warner Books.
 The South Wales Evening Post is a tabloid daily newspaper distributed in the South West Wales area of the United Kingdom. The paper has three daily editions - Swansea Neath and Port Talbot and Carmarthenshire and is published by South West Wales Publications part of the Local World group. The current editor is Jonathan Roberts. As the name suggests it had previously been an evening paper but later moved to a morning daily.
 The Islamist: Why I Joined Radical Islam in Britain What I Saw Inside and Why I Left is a 2007 book about Ed Husain's five years as an Islamist. The book has been described as as much a memoir of personal struggle and inner growth as it is a report on a new type of extremism.The son of pious Muslim parents from South Asia living in East London Husain joins the Islamist group Young Muslim Organization at the age of sixteen before moving on to be active in Hizb ut-Tahrir while in college.
 This Champagne Mojito Is The Last Thing I Own is a 2008 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the seventh in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 Xenocide (1991) is the third novel in the Ender's Game series of books by Orson Scott Card. It was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards for Best Novel in 1992. The title is a combination of 'xeno-' meaning alien and '-cide' referring to the act of killing; altogether referring to the act of selectively killing populations of aliens a play on genocide.
 The Courage of Sarah Noble by Alice Dalgliesh is the story of a young girl who travels with her father into Connecticut during the early 18th century and her experiences with the native Schaghticoke. It was published in 1954 and received a Newbery Honor Award.
 The Accidental Tourist is a 1985 novel by Anne Tyler that was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize and won the National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction. The novel was adapted into a 1988 award-winning film starring William Hurt Kathleen Turner and Geena Davis for which Davis won an Academy Award.
 Studia Patristica is a peer-reviewed academic book series established in 1957 that covers the study of patristics. It is the official publication of the Oxford International Conference on Patristic Studies which was first convened in Oxford in 1951 under the direction of F. L. Cross and has met at four-yearly intervals since. Conference papers have been published in the Studia Patristica since the 1955 conference.
 The Democratic Paradox is a collection of essays by the Belgian political theorist Chantal Mouffe published in 2000 by Verso Books. The essays offer further discussion of the concept of radical democracy that Mouffe explored in Hegemony and Socialist Strategy co-authored by Ernesto Laclau.
 Expect Resistance is a self-described crimethink field manual published by CrimethInc. in 2007.
 Ajax Life (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈaːjɑks /laɪf/]) is the largest Dutch fanzine/newspaper with a bi-weekly circulation of approximately 94000. Ajax Life is based in Amsterdam. Erol Erdogan is the editor-in-chief of the paper.Ajax Life is owned by the Supportersvereniging Ajax (SVA).
 The Whisperer in Darkness is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft. Written February–September 1930 it was first published in Weird Tales August 1931. Similar to The Colour Out of Space (1927) it is a blend of horror and science fiction. Although it makes numerous references to the Cthulhu Mythos the story is not a central part of the mythos but reflects a shift in Lovecraft's writing at this time towards science fiction.
 PC Life was a disk magazine for the IBM PC published starting in 1986 in Syracuse New York by publisher and editor Mike Sullivan. In contrast to the mostly text-based disk magazines in existence at the time PC Life was more graphical and multimedia in style with various animation and interaction although the extent of the graphical style was limited by the technology of the time which required that the publication fit on a floppy disk and be compatible with CGA graphics.
 The Mask is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz originally released under the pseudonym Owen West in 1981. Koontz later re-released the novel under his own name.
 Night's Sorceries (1987) is the fifth and final volume in Tales From The Flat Earth by Tanith Lee. It is a collection of novellas. It was nominated for World Fantasy Award's Best Anthology/Collection in 1988.
 A Bad Boy Can Be Good For A Girl is the first novel by Tanya Lee Stone and written in a poetry-format. It follows the story of three girls who fall for the same bad boy intent on seducing every girl in school.
 The Chicago Journal of International Law (CJIL) is a semiannual student-edited law review published by the University of Chicago Law School since spring 2000. CJIL contains articles covering issues of international law and policy. CJIL's contents are covered by several academic abstracting services including LegalTrac EconLit and CSA Worldwide Political Science Abstracts. The full text of CJIL articles is available via LexisNexis Westlaw ProQuest and HeinOnline.
 Brideshead Revisited The Sacred & Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder is a novel by English writer Evelyn Waugh first published in 1945. Waugh wrote that the novel deals with what is theologically termed 'the operation of Grace' that is to say the unmerited and unilateral act of love by which God continually calls souls to Himself.
 The Gemma Doyle Trilogy is a trilogy of fantasy novels by Libba Bray. They are told from the perspective of Gemma Doyle a girl in the late nineteenth century. The Gemma Doyle Trilogy consists of three books: A Great and Terrible Beauty (published December 9 2003) Rebel Angels (published 2006) and the The Sweet Far Thing (published December 26 2007).
 A-Girl (エー·ガール) is a shōjo romance manga written by Fusako Kuramochi and serialized in Bessatsu Margaret from July 1984 until December 1984. The individual chapters were published in two tankōbon volumes by Shueisha published in November and December 1985 respectively. On January 16 1998 Shueisha re-released the entire series in one combined kanzenban volume.
 Gli Asolani (the people of Asolo) are dialogues in 3 books written between 1497 and 1504 by Pietro Bembo in the language of Petrarch and comprise his first important work. Although he had shown a copy to Lucrezia Borgia in 1503 the first edition from 1505 was published by Aldo Manuzio (Aldus Manutius) and the second edition was published after various revisions in 1530.They concern a dialogue on love that is supposed to have happened at Asolo near the court of Caterina Cornaro.
 Anathem is a speculative fiction novel by Neal Stephenson published in 2008. Major themes include the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics and the philosophical debate between Platonic realism and formalism.
 Indiana Jones and the Tomb of the Gods is a Dark Horse Comics limited series based on the fictional archaeologist Indiana Jones.
 Book of Vermilion Fish (simplified Chinese: 朱砂鱼谱; traditional Chinese: 硃砂魚譜; pinyin: Zhūshāyú pǔ; Wade–Giles: Chu-sha-yü-p'u) is the very first monograph on goldfish in the world written by Chinese writer Zhang Qiande (simplified Chinese: 张谦德; traditional Chinese: 張謙德; pinyin: Zhāng Qiāndé; Wade–Giles: Chang Ch'ien-te) (1577－1643) in 1596 during the Ming Dynasty.
 Novaya Gazeta (Latvia) is a regional newspaper published in Latvia focussing on the central Latvian town of Jelgava and the surrounding region and Russian language and culture.
 The Stone Monkey is a novel by crime writer Jeffery Deaver. First published in 2002 it is the fourth Deaver novel featuring the quadraplegic detective Lincoln Rhyme.
 Accidental Death of an Anarchist (Italian title: Morte accidentale di un anarchico) is the most internationally recognised play by Nobel Prize winner Dario Fo recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature. Considered a classic of twentieth-century theatre it has been performed across the world in more than 40 countries including Argentina Chile the United Kingdom India Romania South Africa and South Korea.
 Henry and Ribsy is the third book in the Henry Huggins series of humorous children's novels written by Beverly Cleary. Henry's dad has promised to take him salmon fishing on one condition – he has to keep his dog Ribsy out of trouble for two months. That's not easy to do especially when Ramona Quimby gets involved. First published in 1954 Henry and Ribsy was originally illustrated by Louis Darling.
 The Monkey Bible: A Modern Allegory is a 2010 novel written by author Mark Laxer. The Monkey Bible tells the story of character Emmanuel a deeply religious man who discovers he may not be completely human.
 Ray Bradbury Collected Short Stories is a collection of three short stories by Ray Bradbury. It was published in 2001 as part of Peterson Publishing's The Great Author Series. The stories originally appeared in the magazines The Saturday Evening Post and New Story.
 The Village Schoolmaster or The Giant Mole (Der Dorfschullehrer or Der Riesenmaulwurf) is an unfinished short story by Franz Kafka. The story written in December 1914 and the beginning of 1915 was not published in Kafka's lifetime. It first appeared in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin 1931). The first English translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China.
 Our Rural Magazine was a monthly magazine produced between 1926 and 1946 by the WA Correspondence School of the Education Department of Western Australia for school children who were located in isolated circumstances. In the inter-war period many isolated rural localities did not have primary schools and the students were required to have their education by correspondence.The magazine was operated by the Education Department with writers such as James Pollard and John K. Ewers.
 The Search is a novel written and published by Nobel Prize-winning author Naguib Mahfouz in 1964. It was translated from Arabic into English in 1987 by Mohamed Islam edited by Magdi Wahba and published by Doubleday in 1991.
 The One I Love (Japanese: わたしのすきなひと Hepburn: Watashi no Sukinahito) is a romantic slice-of-life shōjo (targeted towards girls) manga by Clamp an all-female manga artist team consisting of Satsuki Igarashi Mokona Tsubaki Nekoi and Nanase Ohkawa. Appearing as a monthly serial in the Japanese manga magazine Young Rose Comics DX from 1993 to 1995 the twelve stories were collected into a bound volume by Kadokawa Shoten and published in July 1995.
 I Want a Dog is a children's book written and illustrated by Dayal Kaur Khalsa originally published by Tundra Books and Clarkson N. Potter in 1987. The cover painting of the original book which was also featured in the film version is based on Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte by Georges Seurat. The book's main character was named after May Cutler founder of its Canadian publisher Tundra.
 Biomedical Chromatography is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1986 by John Wiley & Sons. It covers research on the applications of chromatography and allied techniques in the biological and medical sciences. The editor-in-chief is Michael Bartlett (University of Georgia).
 Marx's Revenge: The Resurgence of Capitalism and the Death of Statist Socialism is a non-fiction book by economist Meghnad Desai. In this book Desai analyses some of Marx's lesser known writings and argues that his theories enhance our understanding of modern capitalism and globalization.
 Gemini knives (ジェミニ・ナイヴ Jemini Naivu) is a Japanese light novel series written by Hidefumi Kimura and illustrated by Keiji Gotoh with character designs by Megumi Kadonosono (collectively known as gímik) published by Gakken under the Megami Bunko label. The main characters are Cocoon (コクーン Kokūn) a popular young idol and her manager Chrysalis (クリサリス Kurisarisu).
 Haaretz (Hebrew: הארץ‎) (lit. The Land [of Israel] originally Ḥadashot Ha'aretz – Hebrew: חדשות הארץ‎ IPA: [χadaˈʃot haˈʔaʁets] – News of the Land) is Israel's oldest daily newspaper. It was founded in 1918 and is now published in both Hebrew and English in Berliner format. The English edition is published and sold together with the International New York Times. Both Hebrew and English editions can be read on the Internet.
 The Emerson Review founded in 1953 as The Scribe is Emerson College's award-winning and oldest student-run literary magazine.
 A Footnote to History: Eight Years of Trouble in Samoa is a historical non-fiction work by Robert Louis Stevenson. describing the Samoan Civil War.Robert Louis Stevenson arrived in Samoa in 1889 and built a house at Vailima. He quickly became passionately interested and involved in the attendant political machinations.
 The Bridesmaid is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell first published in 1989. It is generally considered a fan-favourite and was adapted into an acclaimed 2004 film by Claude Chabrol (who had previous adapted Rendell's earlier novel A Judgement in Stone with great success).
 The Golden Age is a 1993 four-issue Elseworlds comic book mini-series by writer James Robinson and artist Paul Smith. It concerns the Golden Age DC Comics superheroes entering the 1950s and facing the advent of McCarthyism.
 The Book of All Flesh is the first of three Zombie anthologies James Lowder edited for Eden Studios as a tie-in to their gaming system All Flesh Must Be Eaten. The book is followed by The Book of More Flesh and The Book of Final Flesh.The book includes the story Prometheus Unwound by Matt Forbeck which won the Best Short Fiction Origins Award for 2001.
 Amnesiascope is a 1996 novel by Steve Erickson. Set in Los Angeles after a cataclysmic earthquake the novel incorporates elements of other novels that Erickson had published such as the silent film from his first novel Days Between Stations. Though not a genre novel it was a finalist for the British Fantasy Award.
 The Journal of Accounting Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal associated with the University of Chicago. It was established in 1963 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Accounting Research Center (Formerly the Institute of Professional Accounting) at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.Its current editors-in-chief are Philip G. Berger Christian Leuz and Douglas J.
 Northwest of Earth is a 1954 collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by C. L. Moore. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1954 in an edition of 4000 copies. The collections contains stories about Moore's characters Northwest Smith and Jirel of Joiry. The stories all originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 Sadamitsu the Destroyer (破壊魔定光 Hakaima Sadamitsu) is a manga series by Masahiko Nakahira. It was adapted into a 10 episode animated series.
 The Daily Guardian is an English-language tabloid newspaper circulating in Iloilo City the Philippines with its intended audience being the Western Visayas region and with a specific focus on the provinces of Iloilo Guimaras and Negros Occidental. It was founded in 2000 by Kayo and Partners a respected publishing firm based in Iloilo City and composed of some of Iloilo's finest journalists. Lemuel Fernandez is its publisher while Francis Allan L.
 Death of a Citizen is a 1960 spy novel by Donald Hamilton and was the first in a long-running series of books featuring the adventures of assassin Matt Helm.
 Legal Drug (Japanese: 合法 ドラッグ Hepburn: Gōhō Doraggu) is a manga series by Clamp. The main artist in this serialization is Tsubaki Nekoi formerly Mick Nekoi. It is published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten and it is published in English by Tokyopop who have currently released 3 volumes as of 2005. The series is also known as Lawful Drugstore or Gouhou Drug in Japan. Since then however the license has lapsed and Dark Horse Comics just picked up the publishing rights for 2014.
 The Mountain Is Young is the fourth novel by Chinese-Flemish author Han Suyin. A love story set in Nepal it was first published by Jonathan Cape Ltd. London in 1958. It became a New York Times bestseller in Fiction that same year. It was republished by Penguin Books in 1962 by HarperCollins in 1987 and by Rupa & Co. in 1999.
 Critique of Dialectical Reason (French: Critique de la raison dialectique) is a 1960 book by Jean-Paul Sartre in which he further develops the Existentialist Marxism he first expounded in his 1957 essay Search for a Method. Critique of Dialectical Reason and Search for a Method were written as a common manuscript with Sartre intending the former to logically precede the latter.
 The Mount Vernon News is the daily newspaper of Mount Vernon Ohio. The paper has a circulation of over 10000.
 Invasion! was a three issue comic book limited series and crossover event published in late 1988-early 1989 by DC Comics. It was plotted by Keith Giffen and ties up a great many plotlines from various Giffen-created DC series including Omega Men Justice League International and Legion of Super-Heroes.
 Merchanter's Luck is a science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh. It is set in the author's Alliance-Union universe in which humanity has split into three major power blocs: Union the Merchanter's Alliance and Earth. In the context of the Alliance-Union universe the book is one of Cherryh's Merchanter novels.Merchanter's Luck was reprinted in 2008 along with Cherryh's novel Forty Thousand in Gehenna in an omnibus volume entitled Alliance Space.
 Fist of the Blue Sky (蒼天の拳 Sōten no Ken Souten no Ken) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tetsuo Hara with plot supervision by Buronson. It was serialized in Weekly Comic Bunch from 2001 to 2010 with the chapters collected into 22 tankōbon volumes by Shinchosha. It is a prequel to the popular 1980s manga Fist of the North Star which Hara originally illustrated with Buronson writing.
 The Infinity Box is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Kate Wilhelm published in hardcover by Harper & Row in 1975. It was reprinted in paperback by Pocket Books in 1976; a British edition was published by Arrow Books in 1979 and a French translation Le Village appeared in 1987. It placed ninth in the annual Locus Poll for best story collection. Four of the nine stories were nominated for the Nebula Award.
 Vilniaus diena (English: Vilnius Daily) is the Lithuanian language newspaper printed in Lithuania’s capital city Vilnius and attributed for the city. It is published by Diena Media News. The first issue was released in 2007. The newspaper’s circulation exceeds 10 thousand on business days and over 16 thousand on Saturdays.
 The Advanced Genius Theory: Are They Out of Their Minds or Ahead of Their Time? is a 2010 U.S. nonfiction book by journalist Jason Hartley. It posits an explanation as to why well-established musicians are now perceived as terrible or having lost it. Merely these artists or celebrities have Advanced past our understanding because they are true geniuses. The book also mentions athletes actors writers and even sportscasters as possibly being Advanced.
 Vllaznimi Sportiv is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Aydınlık (Illumination in Turkish) is a daily newspaper in Turkey. Originally launched as a weekly newspaper in 1921 it has been repeatedly closed and relaunched most recently in 2011. It is aligned with the Workers' Party (İşçi Partisi).
 The Contortionist's Handbook is the debut novel by novelist Craig Clevenger.
 Fever Dream is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child. It was released on May 11 2010 by Grand Central Publishing. This is the tenth book in the Special Agent Pendergast series and also the first in the Helen trilogy. The preceding novel is Cemetery Dance and it is followed by Cold Vengeance.
 A Dog's Ransom (1972) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.
 Psychic Detective Yakumo (心霊探偵 八雲 Shinrei Tantei Yakumo) is a novel by Manabu Kaminaga published in Nihon Bungeisha with illustrations by Katoh Akatsuki and later in Kadokawa Bunko with cover illustrations by Yasushi Suzuki. The book has been adapted into two manga series an anime a live-action drama series and a stage play.
 Kami Voice (神☆ヴォイス Kami ☆ Vuoisu) is a Japanese manga series written by Yoshiki Sakurai and Team G.V. and illustrated by Kuroko Yabuguchi. A live action film adaptation was released on November 19 2011.
 The Wheel of Darkness is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child released on August 28 2007 by Grand Central Publishing. This is the eighth book in the Special Agent Pendergast series. It entered The New York Times Best Seller list at number two on September 16 2007 and remained on the list for five weeks.
 Marine: A Guided Tour of a Marine Expeditionary Unit is a 1996 book written by Tom Clancy about the inner workings of a Marine Expeditionary Unit.
 Bomarzo is a novel by the Argentine writer Manuel Mujica Láinez written in 1962 and later adapted by its author to an opera libretto set by Alberto Ginastera which had its premiere in Washington D.C. in 1967. It is set in the eerie and surrealistic Italian Renaissance town and palace of Bomarzo and concerns the morally and physically deformed Pier Francesco Orsini Duke of Bomarzo.
 My Secret Garden: Women’s Sexual Fantasies is a 1973 book compiled by Nancy Friday who collected women's fantasies through letters and taped and personal interviews. After including a female sexual fantasy in a novel she submitted for publishing her editor objected and Friday shelved the novel.
 The Enchanter Reborn is an anthology of five fantasy short stories edited by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Christopher Stasheff the first volume in their continuation of the classic Harold Shea series by de Camp and Fletcher Pratt. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in 1992. The book has also been translated into Italian.
 The True Story of Ah Q (simplified Chinese: 阿Q正传; traditional Chinese: 阿Q正傳; pinyin: Ā Q Zhèngzhuàn; Wade–Giles: A Q Cheng-chuan) is an episodic novella written by Lu Xun first published as a serial between December 4 1921 and February 12 1922. It was later placed in his first short story collection Call to Arms (吶喊 Nahan) in 1923 and is the longest of the stories in the collection.
 The Anson Record is a newspaper based in Wadesboro North Carolina covering Anson County.
 Adaptive Coloration in Animals is a 500 page textbook about camouflage warning coloration and mimicry by the University of Cambridge Zoologist Hugh Cott first published during the Second World War in 1940; the book sold widely and made him famous.The book's general method is to present a wide range of examples from across the animal kingdom of each type of coloration including marine invertebrates and fishes as well as terrestrial insects amphibians reptiles birds and mammals.
 Mr. Monk Goes to Germany is the sixth novel by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk. It was published on July 1 2008.
 Five Billion Years of Solitude: The Search for Life Among the Stars is a non-fiction work by science author Lee Billings.In this book Billings explores the scientists and science behind the ever expanding universe of exoplanets. Since the first detection of a planet outside the solar system in 1995 scientists have discovered an increasing number of planets through detections by telescopes and spacecraft.
 The Road to Wellville is a 1993 novel by American author T. Coraghessan Boyle. Set in Battle Creek Michigan during the early days of breakfast cereals the story includes a historical fictionalization of John Harvey Kellogg the inventor of corn flakes.The title comes from an actual booklet called The Road to Wellville written by C. W. Post a former patient at the sanitarium who was inspired by his diet there to found his own cereal business.
 Kimagure Orange Road (きまぐれオレンジ☆ロード Kimagure Orenji Rōdo) usually abbreviated as KOR is a shōnen romantic comedy manga and anime series from the 1980s.Written by Izumi Matsumoto and serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump it was later adapted into an anime series broadcast on Nippon Television animated by Studio Pierrot and directed by veteran animator Osamu Kobayashi with character designs by Akemi Takada and scripts by Kenji Terada with Narumi Kakinouchi adding design work to the anime as well as the opening and ending credits for episodes 1–8. 
 Senja di Jakarta (English: Twilight in Jakarta) is an Indonesian novel written by Mochtar Lubis and first published in English by Hutchinson & Co. in 1963 with a translation by Claire Holt. It was later published in Indonesian in 1970.
 Our Stolen Future: Are We Threatening Our Fertility Intelligence and Survival? A Scientific Detective Story is a 1996 book by Theo Colborn Dianne Dumanoski and John Peterson Myers. The book chronicles the development of the endocrine disruptor hypothesis by Colborn. Though written for the popular press in narrative form the book contains a substantial amount of scientific evidence. A foreword from then Vice President Al Gore increased the book's visibility.
 The Rising Shore - Roanoke is a novel about The Lost Colony of Roanoke Island by Deborah Homsher. The novel tells the story of two women who sailed from London to the shore of the Virginia wilderness in 1587. Elenor White Dare is daughter of the expedition's leader and mother of Virginia Dare the first English child born on the American continent.
 The Chronicle-Journal is the daily newspaper in Thunder Bay Ontario Canada. Unlike many Canadian newspapers it does not use the city's name in its masthead. The paper has an average weekday circulation of 28100.The paper is owned by Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd.
 Door to Death is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in the June 1949 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Doors to Death published by the Viking Press in 1950.
 The Ragged-Trousered Philanthropists is a novel by Robert Tressell first published in 1914 after his death in 1911. An explicitly political work it is widely regarded as a classic of working-class literature.
 Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a 1974 spy novel by British author John le Carré featuring George Smiley. Smiley is a taciturn middle-aged intelligence officer who has been forced into retirement. He is recalled to hunt down a Soviet mole in the Circus the highest echelon of the British Secret Intelligence Service.In keeping with le Carré's work the narrative begins in medias res with the repatriation of a captured British spy.
 Religion is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of Religious Studies. It was founded in 1971 with close ties to the Religious Studies program at the University of Lancaster. That program was founded and chaired by Ninian Smart and he served as the Chairman of the first editorial board.
 Lullaby is the 41st novel featuring Robert B. Parker's fictional detective Spenser. It is also the first official Spenser novel not penned by the noted author but by Ace Atkins. Atkins was asked to write the novel after the death of Parker in 2010. This novel follows Spenser as he tries to determine the murderer of a teenager's mother some four years earlier.
 How To Make Trouble And Influence People (ISBN 0958554927) was the title of a self-published book from 1996 chronicling the history of political pranks and acts of creative subversion in Australia. The book consists of a series of short paragraphs describing incidents as well as facsimiles of flyers posters and graffiti.
 High Above - The untold story of Astra Europe’s leading satellite company is a book describing the development of the European satellite provider SES published in 2010 on the occasion of the company’s 25th anniversary by Broadgate Publications in Richmond UK.It is a large “coffee table” style book (32 x 24cm) of 239 pages with hundreds of photographs.
 Divestyle started in 1987 and is a bi-monthly SCUBA and Lifestyle magazine aimed at South African SCUBA diving community.The Divestyle dive magazine readers are adventure seekers with a passion for scuba diving in particular. They are from all walks of life and include divers from the upper market holiday makers to campers and off road enthusiasts.
 Proto is a national science magazine and website produced by Massachusetts General Hospital in collaboration with Time Inc. Content Solutions. The quarterly magazine was launched in 2005 and covers news in the field of biomedicine and health care focusing on basic and clinical research policy and technology. Recently featured topics include post-traumatic stress disorder medical algorithms and medical devices.
 Memoirs of Hadrian (French: Mémoires d'Hadrien) is a novel by the Belgian writer Marguerite Yourcenar about the life and death of Roman Emperor Hadrian. First published in France in French in 1951 as Mémoires d'Hadrien the book was an immediate success meeting with enormous critical acclaim. Although the historical Hadrian wrote an autobiography it has been lost.The book takes the form of a letter to Hadrian's cousin and eventual successor Mark (Marcus Aurelius).
 Alec the Great was a syndicated newspaper comic strip created by Edwina Dumm and featuring a dog character as did her other comic strip Cap Stubbs and Tippie.
 I Am Legion (French: Je suis légion) is French comic book series written by Fabien Nury drawn by John Cassaday and published by Les Humanoïdes Associés then in English by Humanoids Publishing/DC Comics and later by Humanoids/Devil's Due Productions.
 The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (And the Crusades) is a book by Robert Spencer the director of Jihad Watch. It is part of The Politically Incorrect Guide series by Regnery Publishing.
 Oceana Fine is a 1989 Miles Franklin literary award winning novel by the Australian author Tom Flood.
 The Daily Advertiser is the regional newspaper which services Wagga Wagga New South Wales Australia and much of the surrounding region. It is published Monday to Friday but also appears as a sister publication called The Weekend Advertiser on Saturdays. The paper reaches about 31000 people during its Monday to Friday printing equating to 85% of all people aged over 14 that live in the paper's main coverage area.
 Inugami (犬神) is a manga series by Masaya Hokazono about a boy who finds an inugami a dog god of the Japanese mythology.
 Kentucky Monthly is a general interest regional magazine about the U.S. state of Kentucky and Kentuckians. Founded in 1998 by Stephen M.
 Ilario A Story of the First History is a series of two novels by Mary Gentle set in an alternate history where Carthage has become a powerful medieval empire.
 In computer science more specifically computational complexity theoryComputers and Intractability: A Guide to the Theory of NP-Completeness is an influential textbook by Michael Garey and David S. Johnson.It was the first book on the theory of NP-completeness and computational intractability. The book features an appendix providing a thorough compendium of NP-complete problems (which was updated in later printings of the book).
 The Harvard Theological Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1908 and published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Harvard Divinity School. It covers a wide spectrum of fields in theological and religious studies; its range is not limited to any one religious tradition or set of traditions. The editors-in-chief are Jon D. Levenson and Kevin Madigan (Harvard Divinity School).
 Battle for the Park is the seventh (and in linear terms the final) book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series. It was first published in 1992 and has since been included with The Siege of White Deer Park and In the Path of the Storm in the Second Omnibus edition (Hutchinson 1995).
 Coming Out is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in June 2006. The book is Steel's sixty-ninth novel.
 America is a poem by Allen Ginsberg written in 1956. It appears in his collection Howl and Other Poems.The poem is in the first person and reads much like a monologue. It is presented in a somewhat rambling stream of consciousness format.America is a largely political work with much of the poem consisting of various accusations against the United States its government and its citizens.
 The Description de l'Égypte (English: Description of Egypt) was a series of publications appearing first in 1809 and continuing until the final volume appeared in 1829 which offered a comprehensive scientific description of ancient and modern Egypt as well as its natural history.
 Three Days to Never is a 2006 fantasy novel by Tim Powers. As with most of Powers' novels it proposes a secret history in which real events have supernatural causes and prominent historical figures have been involved in supernatural or occult activities. The novel was shortlisted for a Locus Award in 2007.
 Sair Tjerita Siti Akbari ([ʃaˈir tʃeˈrita siˈti akˈbari]; Perfected spelling: Syair Cerita Siti Akbari Malay for Poem on the Story of Siti Akbari; also known as Siti Akbari) is an 1884 Malay-language syair (poem) by Lie Kim Hok.
 High Crimes and Misdemeanors: The Case Against Bill Clinton is a 1998 book by Ann Coulter published by Regnery Publishing.The book has sections on President Bill Clinton's alleged womanizing at government expense and his alleged lies (under oath) to cover this up.Coulter also covers some of the other controversies surrounding Bill Clinton's presidency including Monica Lewinsky Paula Jones Whitewater Travelgate Filegate Wampumgate the China secrets scandal and the death of Vincent Foster. 
 Lady of Sherwood is a 1999 historical fiction novel by American author Jennifer Roberson. It is a sequel to her 1992 novel Lady of the Forest and follows Robin Hood Lady Marian and their associates as they fight injustices in the wake of the death of King Richard.
 Death in Summer is a novel written by William Trevor first published in 1998 by Viking Press.
 The African Journal of Biotechnology is an open access scientific journal that covers research in all areas of applied biochemistry industrial microbiology molecular biology genomics and proteomics food and agricultural technologies and metabolic engineering.
 Firat News Agency (Kurdish: Ajansa Nûçeyan a Firatê - ANF Turkish: Fırat Haber Ajansı) is a Kurdish news agency linked to the PKK based in Amsterdam. Access to its websites has been repeatedly blocked by Turkish courts.
 The Lake Sun Leader is a daily newspaper published in Camdenton Missouri United States covering the Lake of the Ozarks region.
 Die Judenbuche (The Jew's Beech) is a novella written by Annette von Droste-Hülshoff and first published in 1842. The beech tree becomes a significant symbol in the story. It has been considered as potentially one of the first murder mysteries and is indeed often viewed as a crime thriller or Gothic fiction. The book is full of implications and red herrings while there is no definitive answer as to what actually happened.
 Timpul de dimineață (Romanian for The Morning Times) or in short Timpul (The Time) is a Moldovan newspaper founded in 2001 by Constantin Tănase.
 Exit Wounds is a graphic novel written and drawn by Rutu Modan about a search of a missing lover and a missing father in modern Tel Aviv during the tense time of bombs attack in Israel.
 The Texas-Israeli War: 1999 is a 1974 science-fiction novel by Jake Saunders and Howard Waldrop. Several early chapters appeared in Galaxy in 1973 under the title A Voice and Bitter Weeping.
 The Commerce Journal is a weekly online Burmese language newspaper published every Monday by the Ministry of Commerce in Burma.
 Side-Line is an online music magazine specialising in electronic music and electro-goth/industrial in particular. It was founded in 1989 as a print publication and had a circulation of 6000 in Europe and America. It became a web-only publication in 2008.
 Some Like It Hot is a novel in the A-List series by Zoey Dean. It was released in 2006 by Little Brown.
 The Taylor Daily Press is a newspaper in Taylor Texas. It has recently introduced a free online edition. The Taylor Daily Press calls itself Eastern Williamson County's only daily newspaper.Earlier called the Taylor Press it was published from 1959-1974 by Frank W. Mayborn the late publisher of the Temple Daily Telegram and the Killeen Daily Herald.
 The Apple Tree is a collection of short stories by Daphne du Maurier published in 1952 by Gollancz in the UK and under the title Kiss Me Again Stranger by Doubleday in the US. It includes The Birds which was made into a film of the same name by Alfred Hitchcock in 1963 the anthology was then republished under the name The Birds and Other Stories.
 Ruined is a play by Lynn Nottage. The play won the 2009 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.The play involves the plight of women in the civil war-torn Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Hate to Love You (キライ嫌いも Kirai Kiraimo) is a yaoi manga by Makoto Tateno and published by Ohzora. It has been published in English by Aurora Publishing and in German by Egmont Manga & Anime.
 Undying Love is a limited comic book series created and written by Tomm Coker and Daniel Freedman. The first issue was published in March 2011 by Image Comics.Originally meant to be 2 arcs published as a 8-issue limited-series. Only 4 issues & a collected edition were ever published.The story is about an ex-soldier who falls in love with a vampire a Chinese woman named Mei.
 Classic Car Weekly is a British car newspaper published by the Bauer Media Group. Launched in 1990 by Emap the newspaper comes out weekly on a Wednesday and majors on news and auction coverage as well as running regular articles on buying selling maintaining and driving classic cars. The current acting editor is John Westlake. It is a newsprint A3-sized publication and primarily carries a mixture of private-seller advertising and editorial articles.
 The Severing Crime Edge (断裁分離のクライムエッジ Dansai Bunri no Kuraimu Ejji) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuhiko Hikagi. An anime television series adaptation by Studio Gokumi premiered on Tokyo MX and other networks on April 4 2013.
 Crazy Therapies: What Are They? Do They Work? is a book by psychologist Margaret Singer and Janja Lalich published by Jossey-Bass in 1996. Singer and Lalich explore myriad wildly controversial claims often made in the psychotherapeutic industry.
 Age of Bronze is an American comics series by writer/artist Eric Shanower retelling the legend of the Trojan War. It began in 1998 and is published by Image Comics.
 Legends of the Hero-Kings is an adventure module for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Australian Feminist Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering feminist studies. It was established in 1985 and is published by Routledge. The founding editor-in-chief was Susan Magarey (University of Adelaide). The current editor is Mary Spongberg (Macquarie University).
 Mortal Engines is the first of four novels in Philip Reeve's quartet of the same name The book focuses on a futuristic steampunk version of a London now a giant machine striving to survive on a world running out of resources. The book has won a Nestlé Smarties Book Prize and was shortlisted for the 2002 Whitbread Award. Recommended for those seeking to venture into the steampunk genre for the first time.
 The Napa Valley Register is a daily newspaper located in Napa California. The paper began publication on August 10 1863. By 1864 the newspaper had dropped “Valley” from its name becoming simply the Napa Register until returning to the original name over a century later.The current editor is Michael Donnelly. The Napa Valley Register is published by Napa Valley Publishing which also publishes the St.
 American Journal of Medical Genetics is a peer-reviewed medical journal dealing with human genetics published in three separate sections (parts) by Wiley-Liss: American Journal of Medical Genetics Part A American Journal of Medical Genetics Part B: Neuropsychiatric Genetics American Journal of Medical Genetics Part C: Seminars in Medical GeneticsUntil 1996 they were one journal under the name American Journal of Medical Genetics when they split into Part A and Part B.
 The Jupiter Theft is a 1977 novel by science fiction writer Donald Moffitt re-printed in 2003 with a new afterword. The initial part of the novel mixes near-future thriller and disaster novel scenarios focussing on the discovery of a moving gamma-ray source headed towards Earth from the direction of Cygnus X-1 and the diversion of a Chinese-American Jupiter mission to investigate the new Solar System intruder.
 The Canadian Journal of Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology/Revue canadienne d'orthophonie et d'audiologie is the official journal of the Canadian Association of Speech-Language Pathologists and Audiologists. It is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering normal human communication and related disorders influencing speech language and hearing.
 Tripmaster Monkey: His Fake Book is the third book written by Maxine Hong Kingston and was published in 1989. The story follows Wittman Ah Sing an American graduate of University of California Berkeley of Chinese ancestry in his adventures about San Francisco during the 1960s. Heavily influenced by the Beat movement and exhibiting many prototypical symptoms of postmodernism the book retains numerous themes such as ethnicity and prejudice addressed in Kingston's other works.
 Sangokushi (三国志) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mitsuteru Yokoyama based on Eiji Yoshikawa's retelling of the Chinese literary classic Romance of the Three Kingdoms. It was adapted into a television anime called Yokoyama Mitsuteru Sangokushi (横山光輝 三国志).
 Bump in the Night is a 1988 suspense novel by Isabelle Holland. It describes the abduction of a little boy by a child molester who is acting in concert with a producer of child pornography movies.
 New Amazonia: A Foretaste of the Future is a feminist utopian novel written by Elizabeth Burgoyne Corbett and first published in 1889. It was one element in the wave of utopian and dystopian literature that marked the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
 frankie magazine is a bi-monthly Australian magazine featuring music art fashion photography craft and other cultural content. In 2012 frankie magazine was awarded Australian Magazine Of The Year at the Australian Magazine Awards as well as winning out over both Vogue and Harper's Bazaar for the Australian Fashion Magazine Of The Year.frankie magazine was launched in October 2004 by editor Louise Bannister and creative director Lara Burke.
 House of Odd is the third graphic novel featuring Dean Koontz's character Odd Thomas. It was released March 20 2012. It is written by Landry Walker and Koontz with illustrations by Queenie Chan in a manga style.
 The Journal of Media Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of media economics published by Routledge. Since September 2011 its editors-in-chief have been Nodir Adilov (Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis) and Hugh Martin (Ohio University). The journal was established in 1988 with Robert G. Picard as founding editor. Alan B. Albarran became its second editor. He was succeeded by Stephen Lacy Steven S.
 The Thin Red Line is American author James Jones's fourth novel. It draws heavily on Jones's experiences at the Battle of Mount Austen the Galloping Horse and the Sea Horse during World War II's Guadalcanal campaign. The author served in the United States Army's 27th Infantry Regiment 25th Infantry Division.
 The Secret World of Og is a children's novel written by Pierre Berton and illustrated by his daughter Patsy. It was first published in 1961 by McClelland and Stewart.This Canadian classic has sold more than 200000 copies in four editions. Of his forty-seven books this was Berton’s personal favourite partly because the characters were inspired by his own children.
 Abuse of Power is a novel written by radio talk show host Michael Savage.
 This page is about the novel. For the film see Just William's Luck (film).Just William's Luck (1948) was a novel in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was the only novel in the series the rest being books of short stories. The story revolves around the attempts of William and his friends to get their elder brothers married such that they might become the recipients of possessions replaced by wedding presents.
 The Charlotte Observer serving Charlotte North Carolina and its metro area is the largest newspaper in terms of circulation in North Carolina and South Carolina.[citation needed] It is owned by The McClatchy Company.
 ClinicoEconomics and Outcomes Research is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal focusing on covering the economic impact of health policy and health systems organization. The journal was established in 2009 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Perihelion is a book written in 1988 by William F. Wu. It is part of the series Isaac Asimov's Robot City which was inspired by Isaac Asimov's Robot series.
 Conan the Warrior is a 1967 collection of three fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The collection is introduced and edited by L. Sprague de Camp. The stories originally appeared in the fantasy magazine Weird Tales in the 1930s. The book has been reprinted a number of times since by various publishers and has also been translated into Japanese German French Polish Spanish Swedish and Italian.
 Tempo is an Indonesian weekly magazine that covers news and politics. It was founded by Goenawan Mohamad and Yusril Djalinus and the first edition was published in March 6 1971.
 Sport is a Spanish daily sports newspaper based in Barcelona Spain. Founded in 1979 it is owned by Grupo Zeta who also publishes El Periódico de Catalunya.Ideologically it defines itself as the newspaper of the supporters of FC Barcelona its slogan being Sempre amb el Barça (always with Barça in Catalan) and focuses primarily to a Catalonia-based readership despite being written in Spanish.
 Red Robin was an American comic book ongoing series written by Chris Yost with art by Ramon Bachs featuring former Robin Tim Drake under the identity of Red Robin. The debut of the series follows the events of Batman R.I.P. Final Crisis and Battle for the Cowl in which the original Batman Bruce Wayne apparently died at the hands of DC Comics villain Darkseid.
 Someone Was Watching is a 1993 novel written by David Patneaude about a boy who believes his missing little sister didn't actually drown in a river but was kidnapped.
 The Journal of Materials: Design and Applications Part L of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers the usage and design of materials for application in engineering. The journal was established in 1999 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers.
 El Filibusterismo (lit. Spanish for The Filibustering) also known by its English alternate title The Reign of Greed is the second novel written by Philippine national hero José Rizal. It is the sequel to Noli Me Tángere and like the first book was written in Spanish. It was first published in 1891 in Ghent Belgium.
 California Management Review is a quarterly management journal affiliated with the Walter A. Haas School of Business at UC Berkeley. Established in 1958 it presents research-based content intended to facilitate the communication of contemporary scholarly findings in the field of business while simultaneously addressing current issues that are of immediate concern to managers.
 Landslide is a first-person narrative novel written by English author Desmond Bagley and was first published in 1967.
 The Dark Other is a horror novel by Stanley G. Weinbaum. It was first published in 1950 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 700 copies. The manuscript written in the 1920s was originally titled The Mad Brain.
 Journal of Social and Personal Relationships is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of sociology social psychology family studies and communication studies.
 Camouflage is a 2004 science fiction novel by Joe Haldeman. It won the James Tiptree Jr. Award in 2004 and the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 2005.Parts of the novel were originally serialized in Analog Science Fiction and Fact (March April and May 2004).
 The Journal of Adolescent & Adult Literacy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published eight times per year by Wiley-Blackwell. It is currently edited by Margaret Carmody Hagood and Emily Neil Skinner (College of Charleston). The journal is one of three journals published on behalf of the International Reading Association.
 Gifts of Deceit: Sun Myung Moon Tongsun Park and the Korean Scandal is a non-fiction book on Koreagate and the Fraser Committee a congressional subcommittee which investigated South Korean influence in the United States by the KCIA and the Unification Church authored by Robert Boettcher with Gordon L. Freedman. Freedman had served on the US Senate Watergate Committee staff and had been producer for ABC News 20/20 prior to his service on the subcomittee.
 Strong Medicine is a 1984 novel by Arthur Hailey.
 Zot! is a comic book created by Scott McCloud in 1984 and published by Eclipse Comics until 1990 as a lighthearted alternative to the darker and more violent comics that predominated the industry during that period. There were a total of 36 issues with the first ten in color and the remainder in black and white. McCloud credited Astro Boy creator Osamu Tezuka as a major influence on the book making it one of the first manga-inspired American comic books. Zachary T.
 Mud Life Magazine is an American automotive enthusiast magazine. Mud Life covers mud trucks ATVs UTVs and Swamp Buggies. It was established in 2008 and is owned by Source Interlink Media which purchased it from Extreme Media Group in 2011. The magazine has been based in Florida since its inception; it was originally headquartered in Davie Florida. Its editor-in-chief is Kevin McNulty.
 Best of the Best Volume 2: 20 Years of the Year's Best Short Science Fiction Novels (ISBN 978-0312363413) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2007. It is a special edition in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 Pupa (ピューパ Pyūpa) is a 2011–2013 Japanese horror manga series written and illustrated by Sayaka Mogi. An anime television series adaptation produced by Studio Deen premiered on January 9 2014.
 Observations is a collaborative coffee table book with photography by Richard Avedon commentary by Truman Capote and design by Alexey Brodovitch. It features a slipcase with color all-capitalized lettering; the book itself is further housed in a clear acetate/glassine slip cover and is printed with the same bold design as the slipcase in black-and-white. Simon and Schuster published the work in 1959 having it printed using the rotogravure method in Lucerne Switzerland.
 The Southern Review is a quarterly literary magazine that was established in 1935 by Robert Penn Warren and Cleanth Brooks. It publishes fiction poetry critical essays and excerpts from novels in progress by established and emerging writers and includes reproductions of visual art.
 Craft: (or CRAFT:) was a quarterly magazine published by O'Reilly Media which focused on do it yourself (DIY) projects involving knitting sewing jewelry metalworking woodworking and other disciplines. The magazine was marketed to people who enjoy crafting things and features projects which can often be completed with cheap materials including household items.
 The Grass-Cutting Sword is a novella by Catherynne M. Valente. It was published by Prime Books in 2006.
 The Rose in Splendour: a Story of the Wars of Lancaster and York is an historical novel by Leslie Barringer. It was first published by Phoenix House in 1953.
 Sugarless (シュガーレス) is a Japanese manga series by Masami Hosokawa. It will be adapted into a television series in 2012.
 Grave Sight is the first of four novels in the The Harper Connelly Mysteries by American mystery author Charlaine Harris. Harper Connelly the central character of the novel has the ability to sense the location and last memories of dead people a result of being struck by lightning as a young teenager.
 The Railway Man is an autobiographical novel by Eric Lomax about his experiences as a prisoner of war during World War II and being forced to help build the Burma Railway for the Japanese military. The book won the NCR Book Award and the PEN/Ackerley Prize for autobiography.
 Sovereign published in 2006 is a historical mystery novel by British author C. J. Sansom. It is Sansom's fourth novel and the third in the Shardlake series. Set in the 16th century during the reign of King Henry VIII it follows hunchbacked lawyer Matthew Shardlake and his assistant Jack Barak as they investigate a series of murders and a plot to question the legitimacy of the line of succession to the English throne.
 The Clue in the Old Stagecoach is the thirty-seventh volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1960 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 The Film Club is a non-fiction book by Canadian writer David Gilmour. It is a memoir of himself letting his teenage son (Jesse Gilmour) drop out of high school under the stipulation that he must watch three films a week. It was first published by Thomas Allen Publishers in September 2007.
 The Record (colloquially called The Bergen Record or The Record of Hackensack) is a newspaper in northern New Jersey United States. It primarily serves Bergen County though it also covers Hudson Essex and Passaic counties as well. It has the second largest circulation of New Jersey's daily newspapers behind The Star-Ledger. Founded in 1895 and owned by the Borg family since 1930 it is the flagship publication of the North Jersey Media Group. Stephen A.
 The novel Live from Golgotha: The Gospel according to Gore Vidal is an irreverent spoof of the New Testament written by Gore Vidal.
 Respublika (Russian: Республика – деловое оброзение) or Golos Respubliki (Voice of the Republic) is or was a weekly Kazakhstani newspaper. Founded by Irina Petrushova in 2000 the paper is known for its reporting on government corruption. It was ordered to closure in 2002 and in May 2005 by the Ministry of Culture Information and Sports but continued to publish under a variety of titles.
 Stepping Out is a play written by Richard Harris in 1984. It was produced in the West End London where it received the Evening Standard Comedy of the Year Award and on Broadway New York.
 1635: The Tangled Web is a novel in the alternate history 1632 series written by Virginia DeMarce.
 Academy of Management Perspectives is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Academy of Management. It covers issues concerning management and business. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal's 2012 impact factor is 3.174 ranking it 15th out of 116 journals in the Business category and 24th out of 172 journals in the Management category.
 Left Behind: A Novel of the Earth's Last Days is a best-selling novel by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins that starts the Left Behind series. This book and others in the series give narrative form to a specific eschatological reading of the Christian Bible particularly the Book of Revelation. See dispensationalism and premillennialism. It was released on Sunday December 31 1995. The events take place the day of the Rapture and the two weeks following.
 Midwest Studies in Philosophy is an annual journal in the analytic tradition that covers one topic in each issue. In 2007 the editors are Peter A. French and Howard K. Wettstein.
 Cry Slaughter! is a 1957 novel by Filipino author Edilberto K. Tiempo. Before the novel’s revision for publication in the United States it was first published in the Philippines as Watch in the Night in 1953. In the United States the renamed novel was printed four times by Avon in New York City. In 1959 Cry Slaughter! was published and assigned the number R306 by Digit Books. It had been published as a hardbound book in London England.
 The Life and Times of Savior 28 is a five-issue comic book limited series by J.M. DeMatteis with the artwork by Mike Cavallaro. It was published by IDW Publishing.
 Antwerp (Amberes in Spanish) is a novella by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño. It was written in 1980 but only published in 2002 a year before the author's death. An English translation by Natasha Wimmer was published in 2010. Considered by Bolaño's literary executor Ignacio Echevarría to be the big bang of the Bolaño universe the loose prose-poem novel was written when Bolaño was 27.
 Jack Cross was a comic book series written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Gary Erskine. It was first published by DC Comics in 2005.
 Temple Tower was the sixth Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1929 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper. 
 B't X (ビート・エックス) pronounced beat X and stylized as B'T X is a science fiction mecha manga series written and illustrated by Masami Kurumada. It was serialized in Shōnen Ace from 1994 to 2000 with the 63 individual chapters published into 16 tankōbon volumes by Kadokawa Shoten. An anime adaptation containing 25 episodes was aired in Japan between April and September 1996 this series adapts the first six tankōbon volumes of the manga.
 Chickenhawk is Robert Mason's narrative of his experiences as a Huey UH-1 Iroquois helicopter pilot during the Vietnam War. The book chronicles his enlistment flight training deployment to and experiences in Vietnam and his experiences after returning from the war.
 Messiah is a 'sacred eclogue' by Alexander Pope composed in 1709. It is based on the Fourth Eclogue of Virgil and is an example of English Classicism's appropriation and reworking of the genres subject matter and techniques of classical Latin literature.Samuel Johnson while still a student at Oxford University translated Pope's 'Messiah' into Latin hexameters: it was Johnson's first published work (1731).
 The Ringmaster's Secret is the thirty-first volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in late 1953 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 Ghost in the Shell (攻殻機動隊 Kōkaku Kidōtai literally Mobile Armored Riot Police) is a Japanese media franchise originally published as a seinen manga series of the same name written and illustrated by Masamune Shirow.
 Biomarkers is an international peer-reviewed academic journal that brings together all aspects of the rapidly growing field of biomarker research. It is published by Informa.
 Comic Yuri Hime (コミック百合姫 Komikku Yuri Hime lit. Comic Lily Princess) is a manga anthology magazine published in Japan by Ichijinsha. The first volume was published in July 2005. It was a quarterly magazine until the end of 2010 but has been issued bimonthly since January 2011. It is the successor to Yuri Shimai and features manga with the same yuri (lesbian) themes. Comic Yuri Hime was financially dependent upon Monthly Comic Zero Sum but from 2008 on the magazine has become independent.
 Skinny Bitchin': A Get Off Your Ass Guide to Help You Change Your Life Achieve Your Goals and Rock Your World! is the fourth book from Rory Freedman and Kim Barnouin. The authors hit #1 on the New York Times Best Seller List for their first book Skinny Bitch. They followed up with a New York Times bestselling cookbook Skinny Bitch in the Kitch and Skinny Bitch Bun in the Oven. Rory Freeman lives in Los Angeles CA. Kim Barnouin lives in Delray Beach FL.
 The Journal of Interprofessional Care is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers education practice and research in health and social care. It was established in 1986 and is published by Informa Healthcare. The editor-in-chief is Scott Reeves (University of California San Francisco).
 Addis Fortune (also known as Fortune) is a private and independent newspaper based in Addis Ababa Ethiopia.
 Rapture is a 1996 novel by David Sosnowski. The overarching story of this book deals with the effects on society when normal people begin sprouting angelic wings. The story follows two main characters; Alexander 'Zander' Wiles is a petty crook suffering from acute agoraphobia and Cassandra 'Cassie' O'Conner a psychiatrist specializing in 'angels' and author of a pop-psychology book titled Angel Blues.
 Journal of Language and Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Communication and Psychology. The journal's editor is Howard Giles (University of California Santa Barbara). It has been in publication since 1982 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Between the Assassinations is the second book published by Aravind Adiga though it was written before his first book The White Tiger. The title refers to the period between the assassinations of Indira Gandhi in 1984 and her son Rajiv Gandhi in 1991.
 The Women's Post is a Canadian English-language magazine targeted at professional business women based in Toronto and distributed nationally. The magazine is published every other month has a circulation of 75000 with a community of 300000 in both print and online at www.womenspost.ca . It was founded as the Women's News a monthly tabloid format newspaper in 2002 by Greg and Sarah Thomson and was renamed the Women's Post in 2003.
 Started in 1993 and retired in 2002 Clay Butler’s self-syndicated weekly political cartoon Sidewalk Bubblegum focused on issues of consumerism capitalism sexism racism war authority gender issues the environment worker rights and human rights. The strip can be described as having strong left-libertarian or libertarian socialist leanings and was drawn in a square format and alternated between one and four panels.
 When It Changed is a science fiction short story by Joanna Russ. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story 1973 and won the Nebula Award for Best Short Story in 1972. It was included in Harlan Ellison's anthology Again Dangerous Visions.
 The Wishing Horse of Oz (1935) is the twenty-ninth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the fifteenth written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was Illustrated by John R. Neill. This book marked the point at which Thompson had written more Oz books than Baum himself.This Oz mystery starts in Skampavia where King Skamperoo wishes for a horse using enchanted emerald necklaces.
 The Amityville Horror Part II is a book written by John G. Jones as the sequel to The Amityville Horror. The book was published in 1982 and recounts the aftermath of the original book and what happened to the Lutzes after they fled 112 Ocean Avenue. This was the final book in the series to be based or inspired by a true story.
 Primal Force is a comic book series which was published by DC Comics from October 1994 to December 1995 and ran fifteen issues including a zero numbered issue. The series starred The Leymen a magic-themed superhero team in the fictional DC Universe. The series premiered with Primal Force #0 (October 1994; the zero issue number is a result of the Zero Hour crossover event during which the series debuted) and ended with #14 (December 1995).
 Chaos;Head (カオスヘッド Kaosu Heddo) stylized as ChäoS;HEAd is a Japanese visual novel developed by 5pb. and Nitroplus that was released on April 25 2008 for the PC. A port of the game named Chaos;Head Noah (カオスヘッドノア Kaosu Heddo Noa) for the Xbox 360 console was released on February 26 2009 followed by releases on the PlayStation Portable iOS Android & PlayStation 3.
 Le Cid is a 5-act French tragicomedy written by Pierre Corneille first performed in January 1637 at the Théâtre du Marais in Paris and published the same year. It is based on Guillén de Castro's play Las mocedades del Cid published in 1618. Castro's play in turn is based on the legend of El Cid.The play followed Corneille's first true tragedy Médée produced in 1635.
 Celia en el colegio (Celia at the school or Celia at school) is the second in the series of Celia novels by Elena Fortún first published in 1932 according to records.[citation needed] Considered classics of Spanish literature the books told the stories of a little girl named Celia living in Spain during the 1930s.
 Black Is The New White is a memoir by American comedian writer television and film actor Paul Mooney. It was published on November 3 2009.In Black Is The New White Paul Mooney talks about his celebrated partnership with fellow stand-up comedian Richard Pryor from their first meeting to the very last joke.
 Gugure! Kokkuri-san (繰繰れ！ コックリさん) is a Japanese four-panel manga series by Midori Endō serialized in Square Enix's Gangan Joker since 2011. It has been collected in five tankōbon volumes as of March 2014. An anime television series adaptation by TMS Entertainment has been announced.
 New and Selected Poems is a collection of poems by Samuel Menashe first published in 2005 by the Library of America as part of the American Poets project after the author received the Neglected Masters Award from the Poetry Foundation. A second (expanded) edition was published in 2008. The 2009 printing by Bloodaxe Books also features a DVD of the film Life is Immense: Visiting Samuel Menashe by Pamela Robertson-Pearce.
 Bind us Together is a book by John Fleming which was published in December 2007 by Thankful Books.
 Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground 1981-1991 is a book by Michael Azerrad. It chronicles the careers of several underground rock bands who while finding little or no mainstream success were hugely influential in establishing American alternative and indie rock mostly through nearly constant touring and records released on small regional independent record labels.
 Only You Can Save Mankind (1992) is the first novel in the Johnny Maxwell trilogy of children's books and fifth young adult novel by Terry Pratchett author of the Discworld sequence of books. The following novels in the Johnny Maxwell Trilogy are Johnny and the Dead (1993) and Johnny and the Bomb (1996). The setting of the novels in the modern world was a departure for Pratchett who writes more regularly in fantasy world settings.
 The Saint on the Spanish Main is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris first published in 1955 by The Crime Club in the United States and Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom. This book continues the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint and is the second of three consecutive books that take a travelogue approach to the stories with each taking place in a different exotic locale.
 A Wrinkle In The Skin (aka The Ragged Edge) is a 1965 post-apocalyptic science fiction novel written by the English author John Christopher.
 On a Cold Road: Tales of Adventure in Canadian Rock is the first book by Rheostatics guitarist David Bidini. The book is a non-fiction account of what it's like for a Canadian rock band to be on tour. The 1998 book is published by McClelland & Stewart.In his review Mark Jarman (of the The Vancouver Sun) says that the book only scratches the surface of Canadian rock history.
 The Country of the Kind is a science fiction short story by Damon Knight. It was first published in the February 1956 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and has been reprinted many times including in In Deep (1963) The Science Fiction Hall of Fame (vol. 1) (1976) and The Golden Age of Science Fiction (1981).
 The Best American Short Stories 2006 a volume in The Best American Short Stories series was edited by Katrina Kenison and by guest editor Ann Patchett. This edition is notable in that it was the last edition edited by Katrina Kenison who was succeeded by Heidi Pitlor the following year. Also Patchett chose to present the stories in reverse-alphabetical order.
 Akumetsu (アクメツ) is a Japanese shōnen manga series written by Yoshiaki Tabata and illustrated by Yuki Yugo. Akumetsu was serialized in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion from 2002 to 2006.
 Lost Paradise (Dutch: Paradijs verloren) is a 2004 novel by the Dutch writer Cees Nooteboom. It tells the story of two Brazilian women who move to Australia and of a Dutch middle-aged critic who goes to an Alpine spa.
 Traditional Home is a design and decorating magazine that targets affluent readers. Traditional Home is published by the Meredith Corporation and celebrates the pleasures of modern life through the prism of classic taste and has been the best-selling shelter magazine at newsstands for nine consecutive years. Launched in 1989 under the direction of founding editor Karol DeWulf Nickell Traditional Home is published eight times and year and reaches 4.5 million readers.
 Appointment with Death is a 1945 play by crime writer Agatha Christie. It is based on her 1938 novel of the same name.
 The Land I Lost is an autobiographical book that centers on the life of the author Quang Nhuong Huynh. The book was first published by Harper & Row in 1982 and was illustrated by Vo-Dinh Mai. Huynh's second book Water Buffalo Days used multiple passages originally published in The Land I Lost though it focused on the author's childhood rather than his entire life.
 The Mystery of the Tolling Bell is the twenty-third volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1946 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Mildred Wirt Benson.
 Mulata de tal is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning novelist Miguel Ángel Asturias.Asturias published his novel Mulata de tal while he and his wife were living in Genoa in 1963. His novel received many positive reviews; Ideologies and Literature described it as a carnival incarnated in the novel. It represents a collision between Mayan Mardi Gras and Hispanic baroque. The novel emerged as a major novel during the 1960s.
 American Sphinx: The Character of Thomas Jefferson is a 1996 book written by Joseph Ellis a professor of History at Mount Holyoke College. It won the 1997 National Book Award for Nonfiction.
 American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House is a 2008 biography by Jon Meacham of Andrew Jackson the seventh President of the United States. It won the 2009 Pulitzer Prize for Biography.Meacham the editor of Newsweek magazine said he named the book American Lion as an attempt not to lionize Jackson but to capture the contradictions at his core. If he were on your side he would do all he could to protect you.
 The Bulldog Breed is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in February 1930 issue of Fight Stories.The story is now in the public domain.
 The Tri-City Herald is a daily newspaper based in Kennewick Washington in the United States. Owned by The McClatchy Company the newspaper serves southeastern Washington including the three communities of Pasco Kennewick and Richland (Tri-Cities).The paper was founded in 1918 as the weekly Pasco Herald. In 1947 Glenn C.
 Slawter is the third book in the The Demonata series (4th chronologically) written by Darren Shan. Even though all the Demonata books can be read separately this book follows on from the 1st in the series Lord Loss and the 2nd in the series Demon Thief. The protagonist is Grubbs Grady who was also the protagonist for Lord Loss.
 Bloom County Babylon: Five Years of Basic Naughtiness is the fourth collection of the comic strip series Bloom County by Berkeley Breathed.
 Pramana – Journal of Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering physics published by the Indian Academy of Sciences in collaboration with the Indian National Science Academy and the Indian Physics Association. It publishes research papers brief reports and invited reviews. It also has special issues devoted to current topics and reports on selected conferences. A co-publishing arrangement with Springer Science+Business Media has been made to facilitate distribution.
 Avalon High is a young adult novel by Meg Cabot published in 2005. It reached number 3 on the The New York Times children's best sellers list in January 2006. Three manga volumes have been released: Coronation Volume 1: The Merlin Prophecy Coronation Volume 2: Homecoming and Coronation Volume 3: Hunter's Moon.
 The Fall of Blood Mountain is the twenty-sixth book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 Gastrointestinal Nursing is a monthly peer-reviewed nursing journal covering research and clinical work on the practice of gastrointestinal nursing. It is published by MA Healthcare.
 Turning the Tables: Restaurants and the Rise of the American Middle Class 1880-1920 is a book by Andrew P. Haley an assistant professor of American cultural history at the University of Southern Mississippi. It won the 2012 James Beard Award in the Reference and Scholarship category. It was also a finalist for the 2012 International Association of Culinary Professionals Book Award in Culinary History.
 Tandoori Magazine is a British bi-monthly magazine for the South Asian food and catering industry.
 The Bondwoman's Narrative is a bestselling novel by Hannah Crafts a self-proclaimed slave escaped from North Carolina. She likely wrote the novel in the mid-19th century. The manuscript was authenticated and published in 2002. Scholars believe that the novel possibly the first written by an African-American woman was created between 1853 and 1861.
 Queens is a novel written in 1984 by an author under the pseudonym Pickles which describes gay life in London.
 The Journal of Urban History is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of urban studies. The editor-in-chief is David R. Goldfield (University of North Carolina at Charlotte). It was established in 1974 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Urban History Association.
 Fractale (フラクタル Furakutaru) is an 11-episode Japanese anime television series produced by A-1 Pictures and Ordet and directed by Yutaka Yamamoto. The story was developed by Hiroki Azuma and the screenplay was written by Mari Okada with original character design by Hidari. The anime aired in Japan between January and March 2011 on Fuji TV's Noitamina programming block. A manga illustrated by Mutsumi Akasaki was serialized in Square Enix's Gangan Online between September 2010 and November 2011.
 Decline and Fall is a novel by the English author Evelyn Waugh first published in 1928. It was Waugh's first published novel; an earlier attempt entitled The Temple at Thatch was destroyed by Waugh while still in manuscript form. Decline and Fall is based in part on Waugh's undergraduate years at Hertford College Oxford and his experience as a teacher in Wales.
 Mayyazhippuzhayude Theerangalil (On the Banks of the River Mayyazhi) is a Malayalam language novel by M. Mukundan. Widely regarded as the author's magnum opus the novel vividly describes the political and social background of Mahe (Mayyazhi) the former French colony in the past in a mystical way. The novel was translated into English and French both the versions winning accolades.
 The Albany Law Journal of Science and Technology is a triannual student-edited law journal at Albany Law School. It was established in 1990 and covers legal issues involving science and technology. The Albany Law Journal of Science and Technology organizes annual symposia on topics relating to legal issues arising from science and technology. The current editor-in-chief is Elizabeth A. Cappillino.
 The Coxon Fund is an 1894 short story by Henry James.
 For the song of the same name written by Andy Prieboy see ...Upon My Wicked SonTomorrow Wendy: A Love Story is a teen novel by Shelley Stoehr published in 1998 and republished in 2003. Set on Long Island it deals with a teenage girl's experiences with drugs and sexuality.
 The Play Pictorial was an English theatrical magazine which was published in London between 1902 and 1939.
 Classical Music magazine is a trade magazine for the classical music profession.
 The Journal of Structural Geology is a peer-reviewed academic journal focused on the field of structural geology. C.W. Passchier is the executive editor.
 Ironfist Chinmi (鉄拳チンミ Tekken Chinmi) is a Japanese manga series written by Takeshi Maekawa. It was published by Kodansha in Monthly Shōnen Magazine from 1983 to 1997 and collected in 35 tankōbon volumes. It is centered around the story of a boy called Chinmi who learns Kung Fu through the staple manga method of fighting progressively more challenging foes. The first 12 volumes were published in English in the UK by Bloomsbury.
 For One More Day is a 2006 philosophical novel by Mitch Albom. Like his previous works (Tuesdays with Morrie and The Five People You Meet in Heaven) it features mortality as a central theme. The book tells the story of a troubled man and his mother and explores how people might use the opportunity to spend a day with a lost relative.
 The Campus Murders is a 1969 paperback novel by Gil Brewer (1922 - 1983) published under the name Ellery Queen. It is the first of three novels to feature troubleshooter Mike McCall a U.S. governor's special assistant.In The Campus Murders McCall is sent to Tisquanto State College to investigate the disappearance of a female student. Rather than for its largely predictable plot the novel is remarkable for its depiction of late 1960s student life.
 Shrek! is a picture book written and illustrated in 1990 by William Steig about a young ogre who finds the ogre of his dreams when he leaves home to see the world. The name Shrek is derived from the Yiddish Schreck (Yiddish שרעק) meaning fear or fright. The book served as the basis for the popular Shrek film series over a decade after its publication.
 The Engines of God is a novel by American science fiction author Jack McDevitt.
 Founded in April 2013 Modern Farmer is a quarterly American magazine devoted to agriculture and food. Modern Farmer is unique in that it attempts to have equally rural and urban readers and to appeal to the person who wants to romanticize farming and the person who is knee deep in turkey droppings according to The New York Times.Modern Farmer covers have featured livestock and its articles include those like a series of interviews with agriculture ministers from around the globe.
 War Stories was a comic book series written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by a number of artists.
 The Three Palladins is a novel of historical fiction by Harold Lamb. It was first published in book form in 1977 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1350 copies. The novel originally appeared in the magazine Adventure in 1923.
 Home Truths (1999) is a novella by British author David Lodge. It was first written as a play Home Truths performed at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre in 1998.
 Gil's All Fright Diner is an urban fantasy novel by A. Lee Martinez first published in 2005.
 The Naked Face is the first novel (1970) written by Sidney Sheldon. It was nominated by the Mystery Writers of America for the Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best First Novel by an American Author.In 1983 the novel was adapted as a film directed by Bryan Forbes starring Roger Moore and Rod Steiger.
 The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald is a 1967 American play.
 The Great Mother: An Analysis of the Archetype (German: Die große Mutter) is a book by Erich Neumann first published in English in 1955. The work has been seen as an enduring contribution to Jungian thought.
 Supernatural Thrillers was a horror fiction comic book published by Marvel Comics in the 1970s that adapted classic stories of that genre including works by Robert Louis Stevenson and H.G. Wells before becoming a vehicle for a supernatural action series starring an original character the Living Mummy.
 The Boston Record was founded on September 3 1884 by The Boston Daily Advertiser as an evening campaign newspaper. The Record was so popular that it was made a permanent publication.
 1985 is a sequel to George Orwell's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four.Written by Hungarian author György Dalos originally published in 1983 this novel begins with the death of Big Brother and reflects an intermediate period between 1984 and a more optimistic future characterized with a decline in orthodoxy of the totalitarian system struggles of the ensuing powers and the near destruction of the Oceania air force by Eurasia.
 The Wu-Tang Manual is a guide to the Wu-Tang Clan written by prominent member and producer RZA. The manual explains Wu-Tang terms Wu-Tang members merchandise movies and inspirations.
 The Lake County Examiner is a weekly newspaper serving Lake County and Lakeview Oregon. It was established in 1880 by Stephen Moss and C. A. Cogswell. The main revenue for newspapers was from legal advertisements due to the land claim boom as the homesteaders had to advertise their intentions and final claims.
 Wave is an English-language monthly magazine published by Annapurna Media (pl). Each month Wave publishes articles addressing the youth and their varied interests. Apart from touching on the lighter fun side it also addresses more serious aspects - but from a youthful perspective. The magazine has a large impact on the urban Nepali youth. This magazine is related to the present situation and give the youth of the country various ideas as well as opportunities.
 Puckoon is a comic novel by Spike Milligan first published in 1963. It is his first full-length novel and only major fictional work.
 Waking the Dead is a 1986 novel by Scott Spencer. The book Spencer's fourth was adapted into a 2000 film of the same name starring Billy Crudup and Jennifer Connelly.
 Calendar of Regrets is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen published by Fiction Collective Two in 2010.
 Westliche Post (literally Western Post) was a German-American daily newspaper published in St. Louis Missouri. The Westliche Post was Republican in politics. Carl Schurz was a part owner for a time and served as a U.S. Senator from Missouri for a portion of that time.
 Sordello is a narrative poem by the English poet Robert Browning. Worked on for seven years and largely written between 1836 and 1840 it was published in March 1840. It consists of a fictionalised version of the life of Sordello da Goito a 13th-century Lombard troubadour depicted in Canto VI of Dante Alighieri's Purgatorio.Convoluted and obscure its difficulties increased by its unfamiliar setting Sordello is notorious as one of the hardest poems in English literature.
 Lord Edgware Dies is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in September 1933 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year under the title of Thirteen at Dinner. Before its book publication the novel was serialised in six issues (March–August 1933) of The American Magazine as 13 For Dinner. The novel features Hercule Poirot Arthur Hastings and Chief Inspector Japp.
 Pariscope is a popular weekly magazine available at Parisian newsstands and is published by Hachette Filipacchi Médias.The Pariscope printed magazine covers the current and forthcoming entertainment events in Paris over the coming week including theatre music and films.Pariscope was established in 1965 and continues to be moderately priced.
 The Raft is a horror short story by Stephen King first published as a booklet included with Gallery in November 1982 and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 Ashes to Ashes is a crime/thriller novel written by Tami Hoag. It is the first novel in the three part Kovac/Liska Series.
 The Art of Racing in the Rain is a 2008 novel by American author and film producer Garth Stein — told from a dog's point of view. The novel became a New York Times bestseller remaining on the list for more than 156 weeks.
 The Looming Fog is the 2006 debut novel by the Nigerian writer Rosemary Esehagu. The story follows the life of an intersex child as they struggle to live in a pre-colonial village in Nigeria that considers the anomaly an abomination.Through this nameless protagonist and narrator one becomes aware of other members of this small society including the second main character Kayinne who is the only surviving child of an elderly couple.
 The ASMSU Exponent is a student newspaper of Montana State University – Bozeman. It is offered weekly for free on and around the university campus. The newspaper is divided into news sports opinion editorial and culture.In recent years advertising sales have struggled due to the down economy and attempts to change the newspaper's image from one of a features-heavy magazine to one of more serious reporter investigated campus news.
 The Islands of the Blessed is a fantasy novel for children written by Nancy Farmer and published by Atheneum in 2009. It is the third and so far the last in the Sea of Trolls series which is named for its first book (2004).
 The Integral Trees is a 1984 science fiction novel by Larry Niven (first published as a serial in Analog in 1983). Like much of Niven's work the story is heavily influenced by the setting: a gas torus a ring of air around a neutron star. A sequel The Smoke Ring was published in 1987.It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1984 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1985.
 Love's Body is a 1966 book by Norman O. Brown described by Camille Paglia as one of the most famous and influential books of my college years. Sam Keen notes that Love's Body is very different in approach from Brown's previous book Life Against Death: The old style is no more. Gone are the rational arguments supporting the end of argumentation the prose defending poetry the reasoned appeals for ecstasy. In their place are aphorism poetry and free association.
 Cry for Dawn was a 9-issue horror anthology comic book written by Joseph Monks and drawn by Joseph Michael Linsner. It was published by Cry for Dawn Productions from 1989–1992 and is famous for introducing the sexy redheaded spitfire Dawn who would later go on to star in several of her own spin-off titles for Sirius Entertainment. Cry for Dawn was a mature-readers-only title.
 The Negro Star was an African-American newspaper created by Hollie T. Sims that ran from 1908 to 1953. Sims founded the paper in Greenwood Mississippi but moved it to Wichita Kansas in 1919 as a result of racial hostility. Bringing national news to Wichita the Star was one of few newspapers that provided African Americans news and access to African-American updates during the early to mid-1900s.
 G.I. Joe is a comic book series by IDW Publishing based upon Hasbro's G.I. Joe characters and toy line.The series was marketed as three ongoing series (G.I. Joe G.I. Joe: Origins G.I. Joe: Cobra II) two mini-series (G.I. Joe: Cobra & G.I. Joe: Hearts And Minds) and a small series of one-shots (G.I. Joe: Special). An issue #0 was released in October 2008 containing three stand-alone stories which acted as previews for the main G.I. Joe series G.I. Joe: Origins and G.I. Joe: Cobra.
 God the Invisible King is a theological tract published by H.G. Wells in 1917.
 Zoobreak is a 2009 children's novel by Gordon Korman and is the sequel to the 2008 book Swindle. The book was released on September 2009 by Scholastic and follows Savannah as she has to rescue her monkey after it's been kidnapped by the corrupt zoo keeper of a zoo boat. The entry was followed by Framed! in 2010. Zoobreak won an Arkansas's Charlie May Simon Children's Nook Award in 2012.
 Coma is Robin Cook's first major published novel published by Signet Book in 1977. Coma was preceded in 1973 by Cook's lesser known novel The Year of the Intern (also published by Signet Book).
 The Opposing Shore (French: Le rivage des Syrtes) is a 1951 novel by the French writer Julien Gracq. It is Gracq's third and most famous novel. It was awarded the Prix Goncourt but Gracq refused to accept the prize as a protest against commercial compromising in world literature.The novel has been described as a Wagnerian prelude for an unplayed opera as it doesn't focus on telling a story but is first and foremost concerned with creating a mysterious out-of-time atmosphere.
 American Rust is a novel written by the American writer Philipp Meyer and published in 2009 in the United States Great Britain Australia and The Netherlands (in Dutch); in 2010 it was published (in translation) in France Germany Italy Korea Israel Greece and Serbia.
 Santiago: A Myth of the Far Future is a novel by American science fiction author Mike Resnick. It was first published in 1986 and reprinted in 2004. The story is essentially a tall tale in the style of the Wild West with lonely heroes shoot-outs and faithless companions.The setting of the novel is the Inner Frontier (the region toward the core of the Galaxy) of the interstellar Democracy which humans have formed.
 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is the first of five books in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy comedy science fiction trilogy by Douglas Adams (with the sixth written by Eoin Colfer). The novel is an adaptation of the first four parts of Adams' radio series of the same name. The novel was first published in London on 12 October 1979.
 Suite française is the title of a planned sequence of five novels by Irène Némirovsky a French writer of Ukrainian Jewish origin. In July 1942 having just completed the first two of the series Némirovsky was arrested as a Jew and detained at Pithiviers and then Auschwitz where she died. The notebook containing the two novels was preserved by her daughters but not examined until 1998. They were published in a single volume entitled Suite française in 2004.
 The Chaucer Review: A Journal of Medieval Studies and Literary Criticism is an academic journal published by the Penn State University Press. Founded in 1966 by Robert W. Frank Jr. (who continued as editor through 2002) and Edmund Reiss The Chaucer Review acts as a forum for the presentation and discussion of research and concepts about Chaucer and the literature of the Middle Ages.
 Names in Marble (Estonian: Nimed marmortahvlil) is an Estonian war novel written by Albert Kivikas. It was published in 1936 and its subject is the Estonian War of Independence. Kivikas received an award by the Estonian Literature Society for the novel. It is one the best-known works of Estonian literature. The film adaption of the novel was released in 2002.
 Warrior Scarlet (1958) is a historical novel by Rosemary Sutcliff. It was first published by Oxford University Press and illustrated by Charles Keeping. It was soon published in the USA by Henry Z. Walck New York later in 1958.
 The Abortion: An Historical Romance 1966 is a novel by Richard Brautigan first published in 1971 by Simon and Schuster. In subsequent printings the title is often shortened to simply The Abortion.
 Magnificent Obsession is a 1929 novel by Lloyd C. Douglas. It was one of four of his books that were eventually made into blockbuster motion pictures the other three being The Robe White Banners and The Big Fisherman.
 The Atlantis Revelation (2009) is a novel by Thomas Greanias. This is the third Novel in his series.
 The International Journal of Discrimination and the Law is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covering the field of law in connection with discrimination including the treatment of refugees age and ill-health and issues of nationality. The editor-in-chief is Susan Easton (Brunel University). It was established in 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 MF is an Italian national daily business newspaper owned by Class Editori founded in 1989. Milano Finanza is an Italian national weekly business newspaper owned by Class Editori sold with MF every Saturday since 1987.The newspapers are very popular among the business operators of online trading.
 Azumanga Daioh (あずまんが大王 Azumanga Daiō lit. Great King Azumanga) is a Japanese comedy manga by Kiyohiko Azuma. It was serialized by MediaWorks in the shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Daioh from 1999 to 2002 and collected in four bound volumes.
 Al Joumhouria (Arabic: الجمهورية ‎) (literally The Republic) is a Lebanese daily newspaper founded in 1924.
 Poetry Toronto was a Canadian literary magazine for most of the 1980s. It was established by Maria Jacobs.About the FoundersMaria Jacobs is a Canadian publisher writer and poet who along with fellow Canadian writer Heather Cadbsy was the head of Poetry Toronto magazinein the 1980s. The poetry magazine had distributed publications for about a decade.
 Dead Corps subtitled Dead Corpse is a four-issue comic book mini-series published in 1998 under the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix. Written by Christopher Hinz and illustrated by Steve Pugh the story is set in a near-future earth where medical technology has opened the possibility for the re-animation of human beings and the dead play an active but sometimes unwilling role in everyday society.
 Once More the Saint is a collection of three interrelated mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton in January 1933. This was the tenth book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint. The first American edition published in May 1933 changed the title to The Saint and Mr. Teal which was later adopted by UK editions of the book. (Mr.
 We Can Report Them is Michael Brodsky's sixth novel. The novel intertwines death and creation centering on the making of a commercial glorifying a serial killer's last days. Bert the commercial's director must also deal with two terminally ill patients first his stepfather Albert then his mother-in-law Joyce.Several reviews noted that We Can Report Them has a more straightforward narrative than Brodsky's previous ***.
 The Secret Lives of Fortunate Wives is a 2005 novel by Sarah Strohmeyer. It was published on September 22 2005 by Dutton Adult.
 The National Examiner is a supermarket tabloid owned by American Media Inc. Like other tabloids its contents have often come under question and it has been derided for its sensationalistic writing.The Examiner has the fewest pages and is the least expensive tabloid in American Media's portfolio; it aims for an older audience.
 Fist of the North Star (北斗の拳 Hokuto no Ken) is a Japanese manga series written by Buronson and drawn by Tetsuo Hara that was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1983 to 1988 spanning 245 chapters which were initially collected in a 27-volume tankōbon edition by Shueisha.
 Tin Woodman is a science fiction novel written by Dennis Russell Bailey and David Bischoff. It was first published in 1979. The story about a psychic who makes contact with a sentient spacecraft was adapted into a Star Trek: The Next Generation episode.
 The International Mathematics Research Notices is a mathematics journal published by Oxford University Press. Full-text PDF versions of all journal articles are available on-line via the journal's website with a subscription. The current editor-in-chief of the journal is Peter Sarnak (Princeton University).
 Night of the Living Rerun is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Kallarati is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Women's Room is a novel by American feminist author Marilyn French published in 1977.French first appeared as a major participant in the feminist movement with the publication of The Women's Room; it was French's debut novel. The Women's Room while French states it is not an autobiographical work contains much influence from French's own life and there are several autobiographical elements within the novel.
 House of Secrets is a 2013 children's novel by Chris Columbus and Ned Vizzini. The book was first published on April 23 2013 through Balzer + Bray and is the first book in the House of Secrets series. The book follows the three Walker family children as they attempt to find a secret book and rescue their parents in the process.
 Makoto-chan (まことちゃん) is a shōnen gag manga by Kazuo Umezu. The series was initially published in Shōnen Sunday from the late 1970s through the early 1980s and later returned at the end of the decade retitled as Heisei-ban Makoto-chan.
 The 1977 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the sixth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1977 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Jack Gaughan was replaced by a new cover painting by Richard V. Corben.
 The Woodstock Sentinel-Review is a daily local newspaper that services Woodstock Ontario and Oxford Countyin the Canadian province of Ontario.It's published five days per week Monday-Friday in coordination with the Oxford Shopping News and the Oxford Review. The Sentinel-Review is owned by the Sun Media Corporation a subsidiary of Quebecor Media.
 A History of the Mind is a 1992 book about the mind-body problem by Nicholas Humphrey. It has been called one of the most interesting attempts to solve the problem.
 The Franklin Banner-Tribune is a small daily newspaper which circulates in Franklin the parish seat of St. Mary Parish Louisiana. It has approximately 3350 paid subscribers and is owned by Morgan City Newspapers LLC.The original newspaper dates to before the American Civil War. From 1950-1965 the Banner-Tribune was edited and published by Robert Angers who thereafter founded Acadiana Profile magazine.
 J. R. R. Tolkien: Artist and Illustrator is a collection of paintings (mostly watercolour) and drawings by J. R. R. Tolkien for his stories published posthumously in 1995. The book was edited by Wayne G. Hammond and Christina Scull.J. R. R. Tolkien was an artist in pictures as well as in words. Though he often remarked that he had no talent for drawing his art has charmed readers and has been exhibited to large and appreciative audiences.
 Gigi (pronounced: [ʒi.ʒi]) is a 1944 novella by French writer Colette. The plot focuses on a young Parisian girl being groomed for a career as a courtesan and her relationship with the wealthy cultured man named Gaston who falls in love with her and eventually marries her.The novella was the basis for a 1949 French film starring Danièle Delorme and Gaby Morlay.In 1951 it was adapted for the stage by Anita Loos.
 Agricultural History Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by the British Agricultural History Society. It was established in 1953.
 Restoration is a Canadian English language Catholic newspaper based in Combermere Ontario and circulated internationally.
 Cloud Castle Lake is a short story anthology by Vladimir Nabokov. It features five stories: The Admiralty Spire Razor A Russian Beauty Cloud Castle Lake and Signs and Symbols.
 The International Journal of Computer Processing of Languages is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1983 as the International Journal of Computer Processing of Oriental Languages. It is published by World Scientific and covers research in various forms of human communication - visual graphical sign and textual also considering cultural and application differences.
 Nine Dragons is the 14th novel in the Harry Bosch series and the 22nd book (21st novel) by American crime author Michael Connelly. It was released worldwide on October 13 2009 although it had been released in the U.K. and Ireland on October 1.The novel is partly set in Hong Kong where Bosch's daughter Maddie and ex-wife Eleanor Wish live. The main plot involves Maddie being kidnapped by a Chinese Triad (crime syndicate) which Bosch believes is due to his investigation of an L.A.
 For the Californian band see Sukia (band).Sukia was a vampire-themed Italian comics series by Renzo Barbieri and Fulvio Bosttoli published by Edifumetto from 1978 to 1986 for a total of 153 albums and 6 extra albums. In the series Sukia faces people or creatures who are trying to do some form of harm to the world or other. Sukia is displayed as an antihero since she at times helps people fight crimes against humanity or committing crimes for personal gain.
 Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering behavioral neuroscience published by Elsevier. The journal publishes reviews theoretical articles and mini-reviews. It is an official journal of the International Behavioral Neuroscience Society.
 The Goon is a comic book series written and drawn by Eric Powell (with colors often by Dave Stewart or Eric/Robin Powell). The series mixes both a comical and violent atmosphere with a supernatural slant with the average story concerning various undead creatures/zombies ghosts ghouls mutants skunk-apes with an unnatural hunger for pies giant squids mob/gang leaders extra-dimensional aliens mad scientists robots and more.
 Research in Autism Spectrum Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier. It covers applied topics pertaining to autism spectrum disorders. The editor-in-chief is Johnny Matson (Louisiana State University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index and Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.907.
 The Struggle for Mastery in Europe 1848–1918 is a non-fiction book by the English historian A. J. P. Taylor. It was first published in the United Kingdom by the Clarendon Press in October 1954.
 The Dancing Wu Li Masters by Gary Zukav is a popular new age book about mysticist interpretations of quantum physics first published in 1979. It was awarded a 1980 U.S. National Book Award in category Science.The toneless pinyin phrase Wu Li in the title is most accurately rendered 物理 in hanzi one Chinese translation of the word physics in the light of the book's subject matter.
 The Journal of Gender Studies is a leading British peer-reviewed journal for interdisciplinary gender studies published by Routledge. It has been published since 1991 and publishes articles relating to gender from a feminist perspective covering a wide range of disciplines. It aims to create a dialogue among the different academic fields that engage with ideas and theories of gender.
 Moonheart is an urban fantasy novel by Charles de Lint. It takes place in 1980s Ottawa where Sara Kendell and Jamie Tamson owners of an antique store come into possession of a peculiar ring. At the same time Kieran Foy a wizard of sorts is searching for his missing mentor Thomas Hengwr while simultaneously eluding the newly formed Project Mindreach from the RCMP.
 Journal of Experimental Zoology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of zoology established in 1904. In 2003 the journal was split into Journal of Experimental Zoology Part A: Ecological Genetics and Physiology and Journal of Experimental Zoology Part B: Molecular and Developmental Evolution both edited by Günter P. Wagner. Both parts are currently published by Wiley-Blackwell.
 Hizli Gazeteci is a daily comic strip hero from Turkey. Created by Necdet Sen. It may be translated as Speedy Journalist. First appeared in a music magazine that called Hey in December 1980. Published daily newspapers Cumhuriyet and Hürriyet between 1984 and 1996.HIZLI Gazeteci strips tells satirical stories of a lonely and sarcastic journalist. The serial has discussed by intellectuals and media during publishing period.
 No One Left to Lie To: The Triangulations of William Jefferson Clinton is a 1999 book about Bill Clinton by author and journalist Christopher Hitchens. It was first published in hardback by the New Left Books imprint Verso. Its first publication in paperback in 2000 featured expanded content a new subtitle ('No One Left to Lie To: The Values of the Worst Family') and also the addition to the front cover of the image of Hillary Clinton.
 WET: The Magazine of Gourmet Bathing was a publication of the 1970s and early 80s. Founded by Leonard Koren in 1976 it ran thirty-four issues before closing in 1981.
 The Golden Turkey Awards is a 1980 book by film critic Michael Medved and his brother Harry Medved.
 With Kitchener in the Soudan; A Story of Atbara and Omdurman by British author G.A. Henty is the story of the British military expedition under Lord Kitchener and the subsequent destruction of the Mahdi's followers during the Mahdist War (1881–1899). It was first published in 1903.
 Wintersmith is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett set on the Discworld written with younger readers in mind. It is labelled a Story of Discworld to indicate its status as children's or young adult fiction unlike most of the books in the Discworld series. Published on 21 September 2006 it is the third novel in the series to feature the character of Tiffany Aching.
 Sans fil was a daily newspaper published from Paris France founded in 1922. The newspaper was published by the Sans Fil Information Agency. As of the mid-1930s Albert Ebingre served as general director of the newspaper and Victor Pardon as its editor-in-chief. Key contributors included Egdar Allix (Professor of Law) and Bastid (Member of Parliament head of the Foreign Affairs Commission).
 Closing Time is a 1994 novel by Joseph Heller written as a sequel to the popular Catch-22.
 Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House is a 1946 comedy novel written by Eric Hodgins and illustrated by William Steig describing the vicissitudes of buying a home in the country. It originally appeared as a short story called Mr. Blandings Builds His Castle in the April 1946 issue of Fortune magazine.It was adapted as a movie of the same name released in 1948 which starred Cary Grant Myrna Loy and Melvyn Douglas.
 Paris Match (French pronunciation: ​[pa.ʁimatʃ]) is a French weekly magazine. It covers major national and international news along with celebrity lifestyle features. It was founded in 1949 by the industrialist Jean Prouvost.In 1976 Daniel Filipacchi purchased the ailing Paris Match and turned it into one of France's most successful and influential magazines.
 Unlikely Brothers: Our Story of Adventure Loss and Redemption is co-authored by human rights activist and Co-Founder of the Enough Project John Prendergast and his Little Brother Michael Mattocks.
 You Can Negotiate Anything first published in 1982 is a book on negotiation by Herb Cohen.The book became a bestseller on the New York Times list. It is written in a storytelling way; and explains the reader concepts and strategies of negotiation.
 Moby-Dick; or The Whale (1851) is the sixth book by American writer Herman Melville. The work is an epic sea story of Captain Ahab's voyage in pursuit of a certain sperm whale that he calls Moby Dick (with no hyphen; but some editions of the book change either the title or the whale's name to make them consistent). A contemporary commercial failure and out of print at the time of the author's death in 1891 its reputation rose during the twentieth century. D.H.
 Cuvântul (English: The Word) is a newspaper from Rezina the Republic of Moldova founded in 1995 by Tudor Iaşcenco.
 Why Truth Matters is a book by Ophelia Benson and Jeremy Stangroom published by Continuum Books in 2006.According to the cover it is an argument for the importance of truth along with related values and practices of reason inquiry evidence testing peer review and the like and against trendy but incoherent pseudo-philosophical moves that would replace them with wishful thinking.It was widely praised on its release and reviewed in the Times Literary Supplement The Guardian and the Financial Times.Author Johann Hari called it a sassy and profound response to this cascade of superstition and silliness.
 African Political Systems is an academic anthology edited by the anthropologists M. Fortes and E.E. Evans-Pritchard which was published by Oxford University Press on the behalf of the International African Institute in 1940. The book contains eight separate papers produced by scholars working in the field of anthropology each of which focuses in on a different society in Sub-Saharan Africa.
 A Reminiscence of Dr. Samuel Johnson is a short story written in 1917 by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft. It was first published in the September 1917 issue of the United Amateur under the pseudonym Humphrey Littlewit Esq.The story is a spoof of Lovecraft's antiquarian affectations. Littlewit the narrator is born August 20 1690–200 years to the day before Lovecraft's birthdate—making him nearly 228 years old as he writes a memoir.
 Birth of a Salesman is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse which first appeared in the United States in the 26 March 1950 issue of This Week magazine. Part of the Blandings Castle canon it features the absent-minded peer Lord Emsworth and was included in the collection Nothing Serious (1950).The story's title is a play on Death of a Salesman the now-classic stageplay by Arthur Miller which had won a Pulitzer Prize the previous year.
 Adim Purkha is the Maithili translation of Oriya novel Dadi Burha written by Gopinath Mohanty and published by Sahitya Akademi. The work has been translated into Maithili by Dr. Binod Bihari Verma.
 Communicating Doors is a play written in 1994 by Alan Ayckbourn. The setting is a hotel suite that moves through time from 1974 to 2014. The central character Ruella must save herself from the murderous Julian by preventing the murders of Reece's two wives.Julia McKenzie took the role of Ruella for the UK tour and run at The Gielgud Theatre which Angela Thorne subsequently took on when the show transferred to The Savoy Theatre.
 The Daily Journal is a defunct English language newspaper published in Caracas Venezuela. It was founded by Jules Waldman an American journalist who lived in Caracas from 1940 to his death in 1990. The target market of the newspaper was English-reading people in Venezuela which included expatriates of all nationalities as well as bilingual Venezuelans.
 Perilous Dreams is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1976 with a cover and frontispiece by George Barr; it was reprinted in September 1978 July 1982 and September 1987. Barr's art was replaced with new art by Keven Johnson and then Ken W. Kelly on the covers of the reprints though the original frontispiece was retained. The book has also been translated into Italian.
 i-D is a British magazine dedicated to fashion music art and youth culture. i-D was founded by designer and former Vogue art director Terry Jones in 1980. The first issue was published in the form of a hand-stapled fanzine with text produced on a typewriter. Over the years the magazine evolved into a mature glossy but it has kept street style and youth central to every issue.Vice acquired i-D in 2012.
 The Dakota Freie Presse (English: Dakota Free Press) abbreviated DFP was a weekly German language newspaper printed in Yankton Dakota Territory (now South Dakota). It circulated in the Dakotas and other states Canada and Europe from 1874 to 1954. The newspaper was non-denominational and neutral in politics.
 The Way of the Sufi was the best-selling follow-up introduction to Sufism by the writer Idries Shah after the publication of his first book on the subject The Sufis.
 Fading Echoes is a children's fantasy novel. It is the second book in Erin Hunter's Warriors: Omen of the Stars. It was released on April 6 2010.
 Power Hungry: The Myths of Green Energy and the Real Fuels of the Future is a book by Robert Bryce about energy mainly from a United States perspective.It was published in 2010 by PublicAffairs. A short essay based on the book was released as an op-ed by the author in The Washington Post.
 Mindspan is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1986. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Venture Startling Stories Galaxy Science Fiction Analog Science Fiction and Fact and Worlds of Tomorrow.Stories 4 to 8 were republished in The Magnificent Wilf (1995).
 Jedi Trial is a science fiction novel by David Sherman and Dan Cragg. It is set in the Star Wars galaxy during the Clone Wars 2.5 years after the Battle of Geonosis in Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 19.5 years before the Battle of Yavin in Episode IV: A New Hope.
 Razzle is a British soft porn magazine founded in 1983 published by Paul Raymond Publications. It currently focuses on the girl-next-door style pornography offering cash for any photos of readers' wives printed; in the past however several notable glamour models were featured including minor celebrity Joanne Guest. It also includes the traditional true stories.There was an earlier UK men's magazine of the same title that dates from the 1930s to the late 1950s.
 Catching the Big Fish: Meditation Consciousness and Creativity a book by film director David Lynch is an autobiography and self-help guide comprising 84 vignette-like chapters. Lynch comments on a wide range of topics “from metaphysics to the importance of screening your movie before a test audience.” Catching the Big Fish was inspired by Lynch's experiences with Transcendental Meditation (TM) which he began practicing in 1973.
 Queen of Camelot is an Arthurian-legend based novel shown through the viewpoint of Queen Guinevere. It is a combination of two of Nancy McKenzie's previous books The Child Queen and The High Queen. She states in the foreword that she originally intended the novels to be combined but they were split at the time of publication because of their length.
 Earth Inferno is the first book by the English artist and magician Austin Osman Spare when he was 18.
 A Strange and Mystifying Story (Japanese: この世異聞 Hepburn: Kono Yo Ibun) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Tsuta Suzuki. The manga was published by Libre Publishing. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume through its imprint Juné on May 27 2008 the second volume following on August 19 2009.
 Girl in the Goldfish Bowl is a 2003 Governor General's Award winning play by Canadian playwright Morris Panych.Set in Steveston British Columbia near Vancouver in the 1960s it tells the story of a young girl named Iris who is preoccupied with the events leading up to what she describes as “the last few days of her childhood.” After the death of her goldfish Amahl she finds a man washed up on the beach and thinks he is the reincarnation of Amahl.
 The Complete Crumb Comics was an award-winning series of collections from Fantagraphics Books which was intended to reproduce the entire body of American cartoonist and comic book artist/writer Robert Crumb's comics work in chronological order beginning with his fanzine work from as early as 1958.While the series was intended to be complete there is some material missing (most notably The Yum Yum Book the copyright of which is owned by Crumb's ex-wife Dana but which has otherwise been in print as Big Yum Yum Book: the Story of Oggie and the Beanstalk).Its publication is considered to have brought more serious attention to Crumb's oeuvre and was one of the earliest attempts to collect a cartoonist's full body of work. 
 Karl Marx: His Life and Thought also published under the title Karl Marx: A Biography is a 1973 biography of Karl Marx by David McLellan.
 Tito amor mijo is a novel by Slovenian author Marko Sosič. It was first published in 2005.
 The Big Love is a non-fiction scandalous biographical account of an alleged love affair between actor Errol Flynn and then 15-year-old actress Beverly Aadland as told by her mother Florence Aadland.The original 1961-edition was first published by Lancer Books. A Warner Books Edition was released in 1986. This edition contained an epilogue by Thomey commenting on Florence Aadland's life and death and her imprisonment.
 Iran newspaper (in Persian: ایران) is the official daily newspaper of the government of Iran.
 Inclusion and Democracy is a 2001 book by Iris Marion Young published by Oxford University Press.
 Megaprojects and Risk: An Anatomy of Ambition is a 2003 book by Bent Flyvbjerg Nils Bruzelius and Werner Rothengatter published by Cambridge University Press. According to chief economist and director of transportation policy at Infrastructure ManagementGroup Inc. Porter K.
 The Moberly Monitor-Index is a daily newspaper published Monday through Friday afternoons in Moberly Missouri United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper covers Moberly and Randolph County Missouri.
 The City University of Hong Kong Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: CityU LR) is a student-edited and peer-reviewed law journal published by the School of Law of the City University of Hong Kong. It was established in October 2009. The journal features articles notes book reviews and recent legal developments in Hong Kong as well as mainland China. The journal is published bi-annually and is available on HeinOnline and Westlaw.
 Journal of Employment Counseling is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association and the National Employment Counseling Association. The journal was established in 1964. Its current editor-in-chief is Dale S. Furbish.
 The American Journal of Mathematics is a bimonthly mathematics journal published by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 Last of the Amazons is a novel by Steven Pressfield that recounts the legend of Theseus and the Amazons set before the threshold of recorded history a generation before the Trojan War.
 Inukami! (いぬかみっ! lit. Dog Gods!) is a Japanese light novel series written by Mamizu Arisawa with illustrations by Kanna Wakatsuki. The series originally started serialization in volume seventeen of ASCII Media Works' now-defunct light novel magazine Dengeki hp on April 18 2002. Four more chapters were published until the first bound novel of the series was released though more chapters were later serialized in the magazine.
 New Writings in SF 22 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the first volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in 1973 followed by a paperback edition under the slightly variant title New Writings in SF - 22 issued by Corgi in 1974.
 Laughable Loves (Czech: Směšné lásky) is a collection of seven short stories written by Milan Kundera in which he presents his characteristic savage humourTemplate:Really? by mixing the extremes of tragedy with comic situations in (mostly romantic) relationships.
 The Ties That Bind (French: Le lien 1993) is the first novel by the French author Vanessa Duriès.The novel tells the story of Laika a young student who is initiated to BDSM and then her evolution as a slave and also of her growing love relationship with her master Pierre. It also provides some insight into the devastating effects of the revelation of her sexual orientation on her relationship with her parents. The story is allegedly autobiographical.
 The Thama Stories are a series of short stories for children about the adventures of a baby elephant and his mother. The books are written by Indian author Kamala Laxman in the 1980s. The stories are about the adventurous and carefree elephant. Characters in the books include a wise bird named Gumchikki a python Hebavoo Anilu a squirrel Mangu a monkey Pasha a tiger and a human boy. The illustrations are by the author's husband and famous cartoonist R.K. Laxman.
 The Last Days of the Celtic Tiger is a 2007 play by Irish writer Paul Howard as part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 El Nuevo Día (English: The New Day) is a Puerto Rican newspaper based in Guaynabo Puerto Rico and distributed daily throughout Puerto Rico and some parts of the United States. El Nuevo Día was founded in 1909.
 Creepers is a 2006 novel written by David Morrell. This is Morrell's twenty-fourth novel.
 Volkswille ('People's Will') later renamed Arbeiter-Zeitung ('Workers Newspaper') was a German language newspaper published from Temesvár/Timişoara between 1893 and 1933. Volkswille was the main organ of the German-speaking labour movement in the Banat region (which belonged to Austria-Hungary until World War I then incorporated into Romania). It was the sole long-lasting German-language socialist newspaper in the region.
 The Holy Sinner (in German Der Erwählte) is a German novel written by Thomas Mann. Published in 1951 it is based on the medieval verse epic Gregorius written by the German Minnesinger Hartmann von Aue (c. 1165-1210). The book explores a subject that fascinated Thomas Mann to the end of his life—the origins of evil and evil's connection with magic.
 AntiPatterns: Refactoring Software Architectures and Projects in Crisis is a book about anti-patterns: specific repeated practices in software architecture software design and software project management that initially appear to be beneficial but ultimately result in bad consequences that outweigh hoped-for advantages.
 Madman's Mansion is the first book in the series Mr. Midnight a children's horror series written by Jim Aitchison under the pseudonym of James Lee published by Angsana Books. It was released on January 1 1998. It consists of two stories Madman's Mansion and The Monster in Mahima's Mirror.
 To W.H. is a play that examines the potential sexuality of William Shakespeare and the identity of W.H. who has been referred to a number of times in Shakespeare's work. The play was written by Stuart Draper directed by Anton Krause and first played in Hobgoblin Pub Theatre in London in spring 2006.
 Boy: Tales of Childhood (1984) is the first autobiographical book by British writer Roald Dahl. It describes his life from birth until leaving school focusing on living conditions in Britain in the 1920s and 1930s the public school system at the time and how his childhood experiences led him to writing as a career. It ends with his first job working for Royal Dutch Shell. His autobiography continues in the book Going Solo.
 The City in History: Its Origins Its Transformations and Its Prospects is a 1961 National Book Award winner by American historian Lewis Mumford.It was first published by Harcourt Brace & World (New York).
 One Christmas is an autobiographical short story by Truman Capote portions of which were originally published in a 1982 issue of the Ladies’ Home Journal magazine. It was shortly thereafter published in 1983 as a book by Random House Inc. The story is an emotional childhood tale about the nature of deception and alcoholism. It is Capote’s last short story and a sequel to The Thanksgiving Visitor.
 The Jaguar Smile is Salman Rushdie's first full-length non-fiction book which he wrote in 1987 after visiting Nicaragua. The book is subtitled A Nicaraguan Journey and relates his travel experiences the people he met as well as views on the political situation then facing the country. The book was written during a break the author took from writing his controversial novel The Satanic Verses.
 The Road to Middle-Earth: How J. R. R. Tolkien Created a New Mythology is a scholarly study of the works of J. R. R. Tolkien written by Tom Shippey. In Great Britain it was first published by Allen & Unwin in 1982 with a second edition published in 1993 by Harper Collins and a revised and expanded third edition published in 2003.
 The Peaceable Kingdom: An American Saga (1972) is a historical novel in two parts by Quaker author Jan de Hartog. It describes the first meeting of George Fox and Margaret Fell the latter's conversion and a portion of the history of colonial Pennsylvania.The allure of the novel is in the characters' metamorphosis from self-serving often unlikable characters to people who work for the good of others. The story shows the precedence of Quaker prison reform and social justice.
 The Marquis is an independent comic book series written and illustrated by Guy Davis released by Oni Press and Dark Horse Comics.
 Medico-Chirurgical Transactions was a medical journal published from 1809 to 1907 by the Royal Medical and Chirurgical Society of London. It was continued as Proceedings of the Royal Society of Medicine (1908–1977) and subsequently as the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine.
 God's Mischief (original title: Daivathinte Vikrithikal) is a 1989 Malayalam novel written by M. Mukundan. Like most of Mukundan's works this novel too is based in Mayyazhi better known once as Mahé the French colony after it was decolonised. The story centres around a magician Father Alfonso his daughter Elsee and an Ayurveda Vaidyar Kumaran and his two twin sons and how their life changes after the land is decolonised. The novel bagged the Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award and N. V. Prize.
 The Pilgrim of Hate is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in spring 1141. It is the tenth in the Cadfael Chronicles and was first published in 1984 (1984 in literature).This story takes place very soon after the preceding novel Dead Man's Ransom. Political events of The Anarchy are changing rapidly with the crowned King Stephen held in prison while the claimant Empress Maud tries to gain political and popular approval to replace him.
 Hot Steamy Glasses (レンズ越しの微熱 Lens Goshi no Binetsu lit. A Slight Fever Through Lenses) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Tatsumi Kaiya. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on April 8 2008. Taiyoh Tosho released the manga on October 16 2006.
 The Early Childhood Education Journal analyzes issues trends policies and practices for early childhood education from birth through age eight.
 American Iron Magazine is a Stamford Connecticut based American motorcycle magazine specializing in the coverage of American-made motorcycles including Harley-Davidson Indian and Big Dog Motorcycles. American Iron Magazine (or AIM) contains columns by Editor-in-Chief Buzz Kanter Editor Chris Maida and female motorcyclists Genevieve Schmitt and Stephanie Feld as well as standard tech articles by featured writers Donny Peterson and Tom Johnson.
 The Bolton News - formerly the Bolton Evening News - is a daily newspaper covering the towns of Bolton and Bury in north-western England. Published each morning from Monday to Saturday it is part of the Newsquest media group a subsidiary of the U.S media giant Gannett Inc.
 Enchanted Inc. is the first book in the Katie Chandler series of romantic urban fantasy novels by Shanna Swendson published in 2005.
 FT Magazine is a supplement to the weekend edition of the Financial Times newspaper. It covers world events politics and the arts.It is only included with the UK & Ireland edition of the Financial Times; however articles from it are also printed in sections of the USA edition of the Financial Times e.g. the Lunch with the FT.
 Pickman's Model is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft written in September 1926 and first published in the October 1927 issue of Weird Tales. It was adapted for television in 1972 as an episode of the Night Gallery anthology series.
 Eaarth: Making a Life on a Tough New Planet is a book written by Bill McKibben published by Henry Holt and Company in 2010.In the opening chapter McKibben presents an array of facts and statistics about changes that are already visible supported by extensive footnotes.
 The Body is a novella by American writer Stephen King originally published in his 1982 collection Different Seasons and in 1986 adapted into the film Stand by Me. Some changes were made to the plot of the film including changing the setting date from 1960 to 1959 and the location of Castle Rock from Maine to Oregon.The story takes place during the summer of 1960 in the fictional town of Castle Rock Maine.
 The Education of Little Tree is a memoir-style novel written by Asa Earl Carter under the pseudonym Forrest Carter. Since its first publication by Delacorte Press in 1976 the book has been the subject of acclaim. Many people have been drawn to its message of simple living tradition and love of nature. However The Education of Little Tree has also been the subject of controversy after the publication of an article on October 4 1991 by Dan T.
 Shout is a UK magazine for teenage girls published by D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd of Dundee Scotland since 1993. It is not to be confused with Shout NY a cult thought and culture magazine published in New York City from 1998-2003.It carries articles on fashion celebrities flowcharts true stories problems and embarrassing moments. It is printed fortnightly normally at £2.99 and is read by over 520000 people each fortnight.[citation needed]The categories include a wide range of articles.
 Conan the Defender is a fantasy novel written by Robert Jordan featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in December 1982 followed by a regular paperback edition in December 1983. The book was reprinted by Tor in February 1991 and September 2009. The first British edition was published by Legend in September 1996.
 The Silent Service (沈黙の艦隊 Chinmoku no Kantai) is a manga series by Kaiji Kawaguchi. It was published in Kodansha's Weekly Morning manga magazine from 1988 to 1996 and collected in 32 tankōbon volumes. The series was adapted into an anime TV special and OVA series by Sunrise. The first two episodes of the anime were later spliced together and released in North America as a single volume. The rest of the series remained untranslated.
 The International is a play by the American playwright John Howard Lawson. It was first produced by the New Playwrights' Theatre in New York opening on January 12 1928. Lawson directed this production while John Dos Passos designed the sets Edward A. Ziman composed its music Don Oscar Becque choreographed the dances and Helen Johnson designed the costumes.
 Evo is a British automobile magazine dedicated to performance cars from hot hatches to supercars. The first issue was produced in November 1998 as an unofficial successor to Performance Car which had been closed and integrated into Car Magazine by publisher Emap. Evo is published 13 times a year and is part of the Dennis Publishing stable of magazines. The Evo offices are situated in Wollaston Northamptonshire.
 Bull-dog Drummond (later Bulldog Drummond) was the first Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1920 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper.The novel begins with ex-British Army Captain Hugh Bulldog Drummond DSO MC a wealthy former World War I officer of the Loamshire Regiment dashing and strong but not handsome placing an advertisement in The Times stating his desire for an adventure.
 There Will Be Time is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson. It was published in 1972 in a hardback edition by Doubleday and in 1973 in a paperback edition by New American Library.The story is about a young man who has a genetic mutation that allows him to move through time. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1973.
 The Weight of Water is a 1997 bestselling novel by Anita Shreve. Half of the novel is historical fiction based on the Smuttynose Island murders which took place in 1873.The book was adapted for a film of the same name directed by Kathryn Bigelow and released in 2002.
 Asinaria (The One with the Asses) is a comic play by the Latin playwright Titus Maccius Plautus known as one of the great works of Roman comedy. It is famed for containing the phrase  Lupus est homo homini non homo quom qualis sit non novit. (One man to another is a wolf not a man when he doesn't know what sort he is)
 Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. It was the seventh book published in the Dragonriders of Pern series more than twenty books by Anne and eventually her son Todd McCaffrey.With this book McCaffrey jumped 1000 years back in Pern history from the setting of the first book Dragonflight to a time memorialized in song and rendered legendary from the standpoint of the previous books.
 The International Journal of Nephrology and Renovascular Disease is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal focusing on kidney and vascular supply studies. It was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press. It is abstracted and indexed in PubMed EMBASE and Scopus.
 The Oxford Companion to Beer abbreviated OCB is a book in the series of Oxford Companions published by Oxford University Press. The book provides an alphabetically arranged reference to beer compiled and edited by Garrett Oliver with a foreword by U.S. chef Tom Colicchio. Published in 2011 the work draws on 166 contributors from 24 countries to amass over 1100 entries on beer.Eric Asimov of The New York Times described the work as a mammoth undertaking ...
 The White Boy Shuffle is the 1996 first novel of poet Paul Beatty. A coming-of-age tale about a young African American man's search for identity the novel was met with critical acclaim but failed to gain a large audience. It has been noted for its postmodern treatment of African American gender and sexuality in addition to race.
 Gunslinger is the title of a long poem in six parts by Ed Dorn.
 TechLife (formerly PC User) is an Australian general computer magazine published monthly by Bauer Media Group is Australia's first computer magazine.The magazine's regular content consists of computer hardware and software reviews and previews technology news and opinion articles technical how-to guides and a 'help station' feature where the magazine's contributors provide answers to technical queries from readers.
 The Journal of Interdisciplinary Economics (JIE) is an academic journal that had been published by A B Academic Publishers Oxon England. In July 2011 Sage announced its acquisition of the journal alongside several other titles that had been published by A B.
 Recording The Beatles (ISBN 0-9785200-0-9) is a book by Kevin Ryan and Brian Kehew published by Curvebender Publishing in September 2006.The book's full title is Recording The Beatles: The Studio Equipment and Techniques Used To Create Their Classic Albums. It addresses the technical side of The Beatles' sessions and was written with the assistance of many of the group's former engineers and technicians.
 A Thin Ghost and Others is M. R. James' third collection of ghost stories published in 1919.
 First Flight: Maiden Voyages in Space and Time is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Damon Knight first published in paperback by Lancer Books in August 1963. It is a compilation of the first published stories of ten prominent authors in the genre. It was reprinted in November 1966 and reissued as Now Begins Tomorrow in November 1969 by the same publisher.
 The Year of the Quiet Sun is a 1970 science fiction novel by Wilson Tucker about the use of forward time travel to ascertain future political and social events. It won a retrospective John W. Campbell Memorial Award in 1976. It was also nominated for a Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1970 and a Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1971.
 The Revista de la Sociedad Química de Mexico or Journal of the Mexican Chemical Society (ISSN 0583-7693 CODEN RSQMAN) usually abbreviated Rev. Soc. Quím. Mexico or J. Mex. Chem. Soc. is a Mexican scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1957 by the Mexican Chemical Society (Sociedad Química de Mexico). At the moment fulltext of the journal is available online for some volumes.
 Juneteenth is Ralph Ellison's second novel published posthumously in 1999 as a 368-page condensation of over 2000 pages written by him over a period of forty years. It was originally written without any real organization and Ellison's longtime friend biographer and critic John F. Callahan put the novel together editing it in the way he thought Ellison would want it to be written.
 The Fortunes of Richard Mahony is a three-part novel by Australian writer Henry Handel Richardson. It consists of Australia Felix (1917) The Way Home (1925) and Ultima Thule (1929). It was collected in 1930 under the title by which it is now best known.
 The New Zealand Journal of Forestry is the journal of the New Zealand Institute of Forestry. It publishes articles on a wide range of forestry-related topics primarily on issues that are relevant to New Zealand and the South Pacific region. The published articles include peer reviewed scientific research papers items of current interest opinion pieces and book reviews.
 A Person of Interest is a 2008 novel written by the American writer Susan Choi (ISBN 978-0-670-07846-8). The novel takes its title from the law enforcement term person of interest and draws inspiration from the activities of Theodore Kaczynski.
 The Man Who Folded Himself is a 1973 science fiction novel by David Gerrold that deals with time travel. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1973 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1974. The book explores the psychological physical and personal challenges that manifest when time travel is possible for a single individual at the touch of a button.
 American Jihad: The Terrorists Living Among Us is a book by investigative journalist Steven Emerson.
 Between a Rock and a Hard Place is the autobiography of Aron Ralston. Published in 2004 the book predominantly recounts Ralston's experience being trapped in Blue John Canyon in the Utah desert and how he was forced to amputate his own right arm with a dull multi-tool in order to free himself after his arm became trapped by a boulder.
 Lock and Key is a novel written by author Sarah Dessen. It is her 8th published novel. It was published by Viking's Children's Books in 2008.
 Prose Studies: History Theory Criticism is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on non-fictional prose from all periods. It covers subjects such as literature literary history biography and autobiography and literary genres. It was established in 1977 as Prose Studies 1800-1900 and obtained its current name in 1980.
 Tales from the Perilous Realm is a compilation of some of the lesser-known writings of J. R. R. Tolkien published in 1997 by HarperCollins without illustrations. An enlarged edition was released in 2008 with illustrations by Alan Lee.
 A Horse of Air is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Dal Stivens. The horse of the title makes reference to the Australian Aboriginal term for the night parrot. When horses where first introduced to the Australian mainland their galloping motion was said to resemble the flight of the now critically endangered low-flying parrot. Stivens was himself a keen ornithologist who favoured finches over parrots.
 Four Days in June is a 2006 historical novel by Iain Gale set during the time of Napoleon Bonaparte's Waterloo Campaign. It explains the campaign from the point of view of some of the ordinary British French and Prussian soldiers on the ground over the four-day battle encompassing Quatre Bras Ligny Waterloo and Wavre.
 The Journal of Social and Psychological Sciences (JSPS) biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford Mosaic Publications. The editor is Mauro Ramos Pereira.
 Through Black Spruce is a novel by Canadian writer Joseph Boyden published in 2008 by Viking Press. It is Boyden's second novel and third published book. Through Black Spruce was named the winner of the 2008 Scotiabank Giller Prize on November 11 2008.
 The Third Round is the third Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1924 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper. 
 The Zap Gun is a 1967 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. The novel was expanded from his novella Project Plowshare which was written in 1964 and first published as a serial in the November 1965 and January 1966 issues of Worlds Of Tomorrow magazine.
 Allies and Aliens is a single-volume work encompassing the novels The Torch of Honor and Rogue Powers by Roger MacBride Allen. The two works were published in 1985 and 1986 respectively and Allies and Aliens was published in 1995.
 S.H.I.E.L.D. is an espionage and law-enforcement agency in the Marvel Comics Universe. Created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in Strange Tales #135 (Aug. 1965) it often deals with paranormal and superhuman threats.The acronym originally stood for Supreme Headquarters International Espionage Law-Enforcement Division.
 Dengeki G's Comic (電撃G'sコミック Dengeki Jīzu Komikku) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by ASCII Media Works. The magazine was first published digitally on August 9 2012 with volume 0 and started monthly publication with the following issue released on October 15 2012. From April 2013 to April 2014 the magazine was released biweekly. Dengeki G's Comic began to be published monthly in print with the June 2014 issue sold on April 30 2014.
 The American Journal of Psychoanalysis is a healthcare journal covering psychoanalysis.
 My Struggle (Norwegian: Min Kamp) is a autobiographical series of six novels written in the late 2000s by Karl Ove Knausgård. The books cover his private life and thoughts and unleashed a media frenzy upon its release whereupon journalists attempted to track down the mentioned members of his family. The series has sold half a million copies and is published in 22 languages.
 The Boston Daily Advertiser (est. 1813) was the first daily newspaper in Boston and for many years the only daily paper in Boston.
 XXL is an American hip hop magazine published by Harris Publications founded in 1997. The magazine's past editors include Reginald C. Dennis (formerly of The Source) Sheena Lester (former editor-in-chief of RapPages and Vibe music editor) Elliott Wilson (formerly of ego trip and The Source currently locked in at #7 slot on The Source's Digital 30 list.) and Datwon Thomas (former Editor-In-Chief of King).
 'La Nuit Bengali' French (Bengal Nights English) is a 1933 Romanian novel written by the author and philosopher Mircea Eliade.It is a fictionalized account of the love story between Eliade who was visiting India at the time and the young Maitreyi Devi (protegée of the great Bengali poet Rabindranath Tagore who became a famous writer herself). The novel was translated into Italian in 1945 German in 1948 Spanish in 1952 Esperanto in 2007.
 Worldwar: In the Balance is an alternate history and science fiction novel by Harry Turtledove. It is the first novel of the Worldwar tetralogy as well as the first installment in the extended Worldwar series that includes the Colonization trilogy and the novel Homeward Bound. The plot begins in late 1941 while the Earth is torn apart by World War II. An alien fleet arrive to conquer the planet forcing the warring nations to make uneasy alliances against the invaders.
 Dacia: An Outline of the Early Civilization of the Carpatho-Danubian Countries is a history book by the Romanian historian and archaeologist Vasile Pârvan (1882 – 1927). The book published post-mortem in 1928 resulted from a series of lectures that Pârvan gave at Cambridge University. Similar to his major work Getica (1926) Dacia covers the ancient history of Carpatho-Danubian region.
 Historical Reflections (fr: Réflexions Historiques) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of history published by Berghahn Books. It publishes articles in both English and French and was established in 1974. The editor-in-chief is Linda Mitchell.The journal was published by the University of Waterloo from 1974 until 1989 then by Alfred University's Division of Human Studies until 2008 when it became a joint publication of Alfred University and Berghahn Books.
 Greener Grass published in 2009 is the second novel of Canadian author Caroline Pignat. The story revolves around a 14-year-old girl Kit Byrne living during the Great Famine of 1847 in Ireland. The Byrne family faces imminent eviction when their landlord Lord Fraser wants to repossess their land. He attempts to drive them out by raising the rent and having his estate manager Lynch set fires in the surrounding area.
 Quarterly Review of Wines abbreviated QRW is a U.S. quarterly publication with an emphasis on wine food and travel. Published by Richard L. Elia the first issue was released in 1977. QRW contributors include Michael Broadbent MW David Peppercorn MW Serena Sutcliffe MW. Clive Coates MW Rosemary George MW Ed McCarthy Jacqueline Friedrich Burton Anderson and Gerald D. Boyd.
 Creation Quarterly (创造季刊) was a Chinese literary quarterly magazine founded in 1921 and published between 1922 and 1924.
 The Voyage of the Sable Keech is a 2006 science fiction novel by Neal Asher. It is the second novel in the Spatterjay sequence.
 The Saga of Eric Brighteyes is the title of an epic viking novel by H. Rider Haggard and concerns the adventures of its eponymous principal character in 10th century Iceland. The novel was first published in 1890 by Longmans Green & Company. It was illustrated by Lancelot Speed.
 The Namibian is the largest daily newspaper in Namibia. It is published in English and Oshiwambo.
 Le Colonel Chabert (English: Colonel Chabert) is an 1832 novella by French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac (1799–1850). It is included in his series of novels (or Roman-fleuve) known as La Comédie humaine (The Human Comedy) which depicts and parodies French society in the period of the Restoration (1815–1830) and the July Monarchy (1830–1848). This novella originally published in Le Constitutionnel was adapted for six different motion pictures including two silent films.
 Vision Quest is a young adult novel written by Terry Davis first published in 1979. In first-person present-tense narrative it tells the story of a few months in the life of a high school wrestler who is working toward the state championships.
 Eagle in the Sky is a novel by Wilbur Smith published in 1974.The book sold 600000 in the first six months.
 Modern Magic Made Simple (よくわかる現代魔法 Yoku Wakaru Gendai Mahō lit. Comprehensible Modern-Day Magic) is a Japanese light novel series by Hiroshi Sakurazaka with illustrations by Miki Miyashita. As of March 25 2009 six volumes have been published by Shueisha under their Super Dash Bunko imprint. A new edition of the first light novel was released on April 25 2008. A manga adaptation started serialization in the shōnen magazine Jump Square on August 4 2008.
 For the British intellectual monthly founded in 1929 see The Realist (British magazine)The Realist was a pioneering magazine of social-political-religious criticism and satire intended as a hybrid of a grown-ups version of Mad and Lyle Stuart's anti-censorship monthly The Independent.
 Avengers World is an ongoing comic series published by Marvel Comics as part of the third wave of Marvel NOW!.
 Today's Sunbeam was a daily newspaper in Salem New Jersey United States. Founded in 1819 it ceased publication in 2012 when it merged with its sister papers the Gloucester County Times and The News of Cumberland County to form the South Jersey Times.
 Us Weekly is a weekly celebrity and entertainment magazine founded in 1977 by The New York Times Company who sold it in 1980. It was acquired by Wenner Media in 1986. The publication covers topics ranging from celebrity relationships to the latest trends in fashion beauty and entertainment. Along with Jann Wenner the individuals currently in charge of Us Weekly are Editor in Chief Michael Steele and Publisher Victoria Lasdon Rose.
 Murder in E Minor is a 1986 Nero Wolfe novel written by Robert Goldsborough. The action takes place in New York City primarily New York County better known as Manhattan. Goldsborough's first Wolfe novel extends a long string of Rex Stout Nero Wolfe stories (both novels and shorter novella-length stories) stretching back 40 years. Goldsborough has adopted Stout's premises very closely and so adopts the extensive collection of people in the Nero Wolfe universe.
 The Bristol Observer started out as the Kingswood and Keynsham Observer a weekly paper but at this time it was a paid for publication. In 1981 it became the Bristol Observer Series and was distributed free.In 2012 Local World acquired owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.
 The Trinidad and Tobago Express (and the Sunday Express) is one of three daily newspapers in Trinidad and Tobago. The Express is published by the Caribbean Communications Network (CCN) and is headquartered on Independence Square in Port of Spain. The newspaper commenced operations on 6 June 1967.
 The Jungle Book (1894) is a collection of stories by English author Rudyard Kipling. The stories were first published in magazines in 1893–94. The original publications contain illustrations some by Rudyard's father John Lockwood Kipling. Kipling was born in India and spent the first six years of his childhood there. After about ten years in England he went back to India and worked there for about six-and-a-half years. These stories were written when Kipling lived in Vermont.
 The Castaways of the Flag (French: Seconde patrie lit. Second Fatherland 1900) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne. The two volumes of the novel were initially published in English translation as two separate volumes: Their Island Home and The Castaways of the Flag. Later reprints were published as The Castaways of the Flag.The story is a sequel to The Swiss Family Robinson by Johann Wyss picking up where that novel leaves off.
 Dobry is a book by Monica Shannon first published in 1934 that won the Newbery Medal for most distinguished contribution to American literature for children in 1935. Bulgarian-born sculptor Atanas Katchamakoff illustrated the book.
 The Freudian Fallacy first published as Freud and Cocaine in the United Kingdom is a 1983 book about Sigmund Freud by medical historian Elizabeth M. Thornton. She argues that Freud became a cocaine addict and that his theories were shaped by this addiction.
 UFO Robot Grendizer (UFOロボ·グレンダイザー UFO Robo Gurendaizā sometimes romanized as UFO Robo Grendizer) is a Super Robot TV anime and manga created by manga artist Go Nagai. It is the third entry in the Mazinger trilogy. It was broadcast on Japanese television from October 5 1975 to February 27 1977 and lasted 74 episodes.
 Suicide is a short novel by Edouard Levé noted for its precise language and seemingly random structure meant to imitate human memory. An excerpt of Suicide titled Life in Three Houses appeared in the April 2011 issue of Harper's.
 Seigi no Mikata (正義の味方 Ally of Justice) is a story first published by Shueisha as a manga by Hijiri Chiaki and then made into a short-running TV drama in 2008 by Nihon Television directed by Satoru Nakajima. The story is about a 15-year-old girl named Yoko who is being tormented by her older sister Makiko. Only Yoko and her parents know her sister's true nature while other people are fooled by her unbelievable good luck.
 New Writings in SF 28 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the seventh volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in 1976 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi in 1977.
 A Man Asleep (French: Un homme qui dort) is a 1967 novel by the French writer Georges Perec. It uses a second-person narrative and follows a 25-year-old student who one day decides to be indifferent about the world. A Man Asleep was adapted into a 1974 film The Man Who Sleeps.
 Exalted is a comic book title produced by UDON Entertainment Corporation based on the role-playing game Exalted. UDON published six issues of Exalted between 2005 and 2007. The series follows a newly exalted Solar named Kidale.
 Barchester Towers published in 1857 is the second novel in Anthony Trollope's series known as the Chronicles of Barsetshire. Among other things it satirises the then raging antipathy in the Church of England between High Church and Evangelical adherents. Trollope began writing this book in 1855. He wrote constantly and made himself a writing-desk so he could continue writing while travelling by train.
 Human Resource Development Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of human resources. The editor-in-chief is Jamie L. Callahan (Texas A&M University). It was established in 2002 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Raistlin Chronicles is a pair of novels The Soulforge and Brothers in Arms set in the Dragonlance campaign setting of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Fire Pony is a book written by Rodman Philbrick (author of Freak the Mighty) first published in the UK in 2005 by Usborne Publishing.
 Six Months in Mexico is a book by Nellie Bly that she wrote after her travels through Mexico in about 1885. She took the initiative to work as a foreign correspondent at the age of 21. At that point she had been writing for the newspaper The Dispatche but had become dissatisfied with having to write for the women's pages.In the book she describes the lives and customs of the people of Mexico and the poverty of the common people.
 Delirium's Mistress (1986) is the fourth novel in Tales From The Flat Earth by Tanith Lee.
 Punk is a music magazine/fanzine created by cartoonist John Holmstrom publisher Ged Dunn and resident punk Legs McNeil in 1975. Its use of the term punk rock coined by writers for Creem magazine a few years earlier[citation needed] led to its worldwide acceptance as the definition for the new bands that were producing a new sound based on the music of The Stooges the New York Dolls the MC5 and the Ramones. It was also the first publication to popularize the CBGB scene.
 The Congressional Pictorial Directory is a picture directory of leaders and members of the United States Congress and other key officials including the President. It is published at least once every Congressional Term and is in the public domain. It was previously published as the Pocket Congressional Directory.Directories since the 105th Congress (1995) are available online Earlier versions as well as printed versions since 1995 are available from most Federal Depository Libraries.
 Moonrise is a children's fantasy novel the second book in the Warriors: The New Prophecy series. The book which follows the adventures of four groups of anthropomorphic wild cats (called Clans) was written by Erin Hunter (a pseudonym used by Victoria Holmes Cherith Baldry Kate Cary and Tui T. Sutherland) with cover art by Wayne McLoughlin.
 The Ancient Economy is a book about the economic system of classical antiquity written by the classicist Moses I. Finley. It was originally published in 1973. Finley interprets the economy from 1000 BC to 500 AD sociologically instead of using economic models (such as Rostovtzeff did). He attempted to prove that the ancient economy was largely a byproduct of status. In other words economic systems were not interdependent they were embedded in status positions.
 The Commitments (1987) (Originally called The Partitions) is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle and is the first episode in The Barrytown Trilogy. It is a tale about a group of unemployed young people in the north side of Dublin Ireland who start a soul band.
 The Revista Brasileira de Engenharia Química Caderno de Engenharia Química (ISSN 0102-2687 CODEN RRBEEN) was a Brazilian scientific journal in engineering chemistry. It was first published by the Associação Brasileira de Engenharia Química São Paulo in 1983 but with vol. 11 (1994) the title changed to: Brazilian Journal of Chemical Engineering abbreviated as Braz. J. Chem.
 The Bosnian Journal of Basic Medical Sciences is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Association of Basic Medical Sciences of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The journal publishes original articles from various disciplines of basic medical sciences including biochemistry genetics immunology microbiology pathology pharmacology pharmaceutical sciences and physiology.
 Special Topics in Calamity Physics (2006) is the debut novel by American writer Marisha Pessl. The book was first published in August 2006 by Viking Press a division of Penguin Group. The book received many positive reviews and was named one of The 10 Best Books of 2006 by the New York Times.
 Welcome to Hoxford is a four-issue comic book mini-series created written and drawn by Eisner Award nominee and Spike Scream Award-winner Ben Templesmith and published by IDW Publishing.The series focuses on a group of prisoners battling against Werewolves in a privately run prison.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixth Annual Collection is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1989. It is the 6th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series and winner of the Locus Award for best anthology.
 The Owatonna People's Press is published daily in Owatonna Minnesota and surrounding communities. The Owatonna Area Shopper is also published in and around Owatonna.
 Hunter × Hunter (ハンターハンター Hantā Hantā) (stylized HUNTER×HUNTER in Japan) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Togashi. The story focuses on a young boy named Gon who discovers that his father whom he was told was dead is actually alive and well.
 District X also known as Mutant Town or the Middle East Side is a fictional location in Marvel Comics. It is a neighborhood in New York City first seen during Grant Morrison's run on the series New X-Men in New X-Men #127 which was primarily populated by mutants. The ghetto was established in Alphabet City Manhattan (also known as Loisaida) a neighborhood in the East Village (located between Avenues A to D and between Houston and 14th Streets).
 The Glass Castle is a 2005 memoir by Jeannette Walls. The book recounts Walls' and her siblings' unconventional poverty-stricken upbringing at the hands of their deeply dysfunctional parents.The memoir spent a total of 261 weeks on The New York Times Best Seller list and is now under development as a film by Paramount.
 Winter Holiday is the fourth novel of Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books. It was published in 1933. In this story the third set of major characters in the series the Ds — Dick and Dorothea Callum—are introduced. The series' usual emphasis on boats and sailing is largely absent as the story is set in the winter. Instead the children's activities focus on ice skating signalling with semaphore and Morse code and sledging.
 Tone was a bi-monthly magazine combining coverage of technological developments in New Zealand and from around the world with reviews on the latest consumer products available in New Zealand. It was Parkside Media's third magazine following NZ Classic Car and NZ Performance Car. Until issue 32 Tone was bi-monthly. A change was made to monthly but as of issue 73 (November/December 2008) it returned to bi-monthly.Tone's offices are in Grey Lynn Auckland New Zealand.
 Al-Massae (in Arabic المساء meaning The Evening) is a Moroccan daily newspaper. In April 2012 Al Jazeera described it as the country's most popular daily.
 King's Man is the third novel of the five-part Outlaw Chronicles series by British writer of historical fiction Angus Donald released on 21 July 2011 through Little Brown and Company.
 Dreams (Сны Sny) is a novella by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin written in the late 1903 and first published in the first book of the Znanie (Knowledge) Saint Petersburg literary almanach in 1904 where it was coupled with another short novella The Golden Bottom (Золотое дно) under the common title Black Earth (Чернозём).
 The Shelbyville Daily Union Shelby County's No. 1 News Source is a daily newspaper serving Shelbyville Illinois. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Missing only two editions since starting as the Shelbyville Weekly Union in 1863 the Union was the county's first daily on January 22 1887. The Union passed through several local ownership groups before being acquired by Hollinger International in May 1999.
 She Lover of Death is a novel by Russian author Boris Akunin. The book is a historical detective novel featuring the fictional character Erast Fandorin.
 Liolà is an Italian stage play written by Luigi Pirandello which takes place in 19th century Sicily. The title character is a middle-aged single father by choice. He has three young boys each by a different mother. Liolà is a free-spirit who wanders from town to town looking to connect with nature and to create children without having any ties to the mother. He tries to sell one of his boys to Zio Simone a crabby elderly man who becomes offended by the offer.
 Little Town on the Prairie by Laura Ingalls Wilder was first published in 1941 and is the seventh of nine books written in her Little House series also known as The Laura Years. The book is set in De Smet South Dakota. It opens in the spring after the Long Winter and ends as Laura becomes a schoolteacher so she can help her sister Mary stay at a school for the blind in Vinton Iowa.
 A Brief History of Blasphemy: Liberalism Censorship and the Satanic Verses is a 1990 book by Richard Webster who discusses the controversy over Salman Rushdie's novel The Satanic Verses (1988). Webster critiques the freedom to blaspheme and argues against The Crime of Blasphemy (which advocated the abolition of Britain's blasphemy laws without replacement).
 Lola Rose is a children's novel by Jacqueline Wilson first published in 2003. It revolves around the life of a young girl called Jayni Fenton who runs away to London with her mother Nikki and younger brother Kenny after her father physically abuses her mother and eventually Jayni herself. The family adopt new names to help prevent their father tracing them. Mum becomes Victoria Luck Kenny becomes Kendall Luck (as it is easy for him to remember) and Jayni becomes Lola Rose Luck.
 Mera Pind is a book written by Giani Gurdit Singh. The book is known as the dictionary of the cultural legacy of the Punjab.
 FrontPage Magazine (also known as FrontPageMag.com) is a conservative online political magazine edited by David Horowitz and published by the David Horowitz Freedom Center (DHFC; formerly the Center for the Study of Popular Culture) a non-profit organization in Los Angeles California. In October 2013 it had an Alexa ranking of 5194.
 Five Have a Mystery to Solve is the twentieth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1962. As the penultimate book in the Famous Five series it follows the usual formula of finding secret passages drinking ginger beer hunting treasure and foiling evil-doers.
 The White Rose is the third novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series The Black Company. The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit The Black Company through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred year history.
 A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder is the most popular book by James De Mille. It was serialized posthumously and anonymously in Harper's Weeklyand published in book form by Harper and Brothers of New York City during 1888. It was serialized subsequently in the United Kingdom and Australia and published in book form in the United Kingdom and Canada.
 Polar Geography is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the physical and human aspects of the Polar regions. It is published by Taylor & Francis and was established in 1977. From 1980 to 1994 it was known as Polar Geography and Geology.
 The Road of Dreams is a book of poetry by crime writer Agatha Christie. It was published at her own expense by Geoffrey Bles in January 1925 priced at five shillings (5/-).
 PC Explorer was a computer magazine published in the United Kingdom by Magnesium Media Ltd. Its editor was David Nield.The magazine was discontinued in August 2009 after almost ten years in production.
 Home is a play by David Storey. It is set in a mental asylum although this fact is only revealed gradually as the story progresses. The five characters include seemingly benign Harry highly opinionated Jack cynical Marjorie and flirtatious Kathleen. As they interact we come to realize their delusions and pretensions are similar to those of people living in a supposedly normal society.The play premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in London on 17 June 1970 directed by Lindsay Anderson.
 Three Tales of Horror is an illustrated collection of stories by American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1967 by Arkham House in an edition of 1522 copies. The book includes 15 drawings by American artist Lee Brown Coye.
 Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters (2009) is a parody novel by Ben H. Winters with Jane Austen credited as co-author. It is a mashup story containing elements from Jane Austen's 1811 novel Sense and Sensibility and common tropes from sea monster stories. It is the thematic sequel to another 2009 novel from the same publisher called Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. It was first published by Quirk Books on September 15 2009.
 The Cutting Edge is a fantasy novel by Dave Duncan
 Kedaulatan Rakyat (English: People Sovereignty abbreviated as KR) is a daily newspaper in Yogyakarta Indonesia established by H. Samawi and H. Soemadi Martono Wonohito. The newspaper company was led by H. Soemadi and M. Wonohito (died in 2008). The first edition of the newspaper published on September 27 1945.Kedaulatan Rakyat consists of 16 pages in its beginning editions.
 Dying to Win: The Strategic Logic of Suicide Terrorism is Robert Pape's analysis of suicide terrorism from a strategic social and psychological point of view. It is based on a database he has compiled at the University of Chicago where he directs the Chicago Project on Security and Terrorism. The book's conclusions are based on data from 315 suicide terrorism attacks around the world from 1980 through 2003.
 Drop Dead Beautiful is a novel by Jackie Collins it is the sixth novel in The Santangelo Novels series. The story takes place in 2000.
 The Crystal Star is a 1994 bestselling fictional Star Wars novel written by Vonda McIntyre and published by Bantam Spectra. The novel is set ten years after the Battle of Endor in the Star Wars Expanded Universe.
 The Last Egyptian: A Romance of the Nile is a novel written by L. Frank Baum famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. The book was published anonymously on 1 May 1908 by Edward Stern & Co. of Philadelphia with eight color plate illustrations by Francis P. Wightman.
 Speculum: A Journal of Medieval Studies is a quarterly academic journal published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Medieval Academy of America. It was established in 1926. The journal's primary focus is on the time period from 500-1500 in Western Europe but also on related subjects such as Byzantine Hebrew Arabic and Slavic studies. The editor-in-chief is Jacqueline Brown.
 The Student of Salamanca (Spanish: El estudiante de Salamanca) is a work by Spanish Romantic poet José de Espronceda. It was published in fragments beginning in 1837; the complete poem was published in 1840 in the volume Poesías. Parts of it are poetry other parts drama. It is a variation of the Don Juan legend with its central character Don Félix de Montemar playing the part of Don Juan.
 Hot Limit is a one-shot Japanese manga written by Minori Shima and illustrated by Akira Kanbe. It was serialised in Nihon Bungeisha's manga magazine Nichibun Comics. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on August 12 2008. Nihon Bungeisha released the manga on August 28 2006.
 The African Security Review is the quarterly journal of the Institute for Security Studies (ISS). It provides a regular forum for the dissemination of research findings and information through the publication of research reports policy papers and articles on security and related issues in sub-Saharan Africa. The journal was previously published as the African Defence Review (1994) and the Southern African Defence Review (1992–1993).
 Godfrey Morgan: A Californian Mystery (French: L'École des Robinsons literally The School for Robinsons) also published as School for Crusoes is an 1882 adventure novel by French writer Jules Verne. The novel tells of a wealthy young man Godfrey Morgan who with his deportment instructor Professor T. Artelett embark from San Francisco California on a round-the-world ocean voyage. They are cast away on an uninhabited Pacific island where they must endure a series of adversities.
 ’47 was an American magazine first published in the year 1947. It changed its name with the calendar and remained ’48 until its demise in 1948.Because its title changed with the year it is indexed in libraries by its subtitle The Magazine of the Year.’47 was a publication owned by hundreds of the best writers and artists of the day –owners who were also contributors.
 The Pirates! in an Adventure with Communists is the third book in The Pirates! series by Gideon Defoe to feature his hapless pirate crew. It was published in 2006 by Orion Books (ISBN 0-297-84867-4).This book follows the adventures of the Pirate Captain and his crew of multi-faceted pirates through Paris and London—accompanied by Karl Marx and his sidekick Friedrich Engels - as they attempt to clear the communists' good name after it is sullied by Wagner and his malevolent benefactor.
 Celts Campaign Sourcebook is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992.
 Voiceful is a Japanese yuri manga by Nawoko. The first chapter was serialized in the manga magazine Yuri Shimai under the title Voice and the next three chapters were serialized in Comic Yuri Hime under the title Voiceful. The bound volume released in Japan on May 18 2006 was also published under the new title.
 The Enchantress: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicolas Flamel (often shortened to The Enchantress) is the final novel in the six book series The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel. It was written by Irish author Michael Scott and was published by Random House Inc.
 Amtix! magazine was as its subtitle stated a monthly software review for the Amstrad computers. Published by Newsfield Publications Ltd in the mid eighties.
 The Vision of the Anointed is a book by economist and political columnist Thomas Sowell challenging people Sowell calls Teflon prophets who predict that there will be future social economic or environmental problems in the absence of government intervention (Ralph Nader is one of his foremost examples). The book was initially published on June 28 1996 by Basic Books.
 Underwater Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on underwater technology ocean science and offshore engineering. It is the official journal of the Society for Underwater Technology. It was established in 1975 and is published three times per year in hard copy and electronic format.The journal publishes both technical papers and technical briefings the latter being shorter papers.
 Gandhi Before India is a 2013 book by Indian historian Ramachandra Guha the first part of a planned two-volume biography of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. The book deals with Gandhi's life up to his return to India following a 21-year period as a lawyer and civil-rights activist in South Africa. During this period in South Africa Gandhi experienced discrimination that all coloured people there faced including the Indian community he became a part of.
 The Suburban Times is an online newspaper in southwest Pierce County in Washington state USA.It serves the Washington state communities of Lakewood University Place Fircrest Steilacoom DuPont and Joint Base Lewis-McChord.Established in 2005 the focus of The Suburban Times is local community news: government; business; schools and higher education; civic groups and community organizations; public safety and law enforcement; arts and entertainment; historical groups; community discourse (letters-to-the-editor); and other information impacting the communities served.[citation needed]The newspaper is available on the web in a daily e-mail edition or by RSS.
 Special Delivery is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in the April 1954 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction and has been reprinted a number of times in Operation Future (1955) Far Out (1961) and The Best of Damon Knight (1976).
 Blankety Blank: A Memoir of Vulgaria (2005) is a novel by American author D. Harlan Wilson. The novel critiques the idea of the memoir as a form of truth-telling and problematizes history and narrative itself as possible modes of truth. It contains various “short histories” and literary devices that are flagrantly inaccurate or misguided all in a way that underscores the constructedness of the human condition as well as humanity’s collective racist tendencies.
 The Milbank Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed healthcare journal covering health care policy. It was established in 1923 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Milbank Memorial Fund an endowed national foundation funded by Elizabeth Milbank Anderson that supports research of issues related to health policy.
 Analisa is a broadsheet newspaper published daily in the city of Medan the capital of the North Sumatra province in Indonesia. Published since 23 March 1972 Analisa is one of the largest newspaper in Medan. It was initially published once a week before becoming a daily newspaper. Analisa occupies an office in Jalan Ahmad Yani road.
 Spider-Man: The Darkest Hours is a novel written by Jim Butcher featuring characters from the Spider-Man Marvel Comics created by Stan Lee. The book was first published by the Pocket Books division of Simon & Schuster on June 27 2006.
 Bleachers was published on June 22 2004. The hardcover edition was published by Doubleday and the paperback edition by Dell. The book focuses on whether or not the famous Eddie Rake former coach of the Messina High School football team was loved or hated by his former players.
 Born to be Riled is a non-fiction book first published in 1999 written by British journalist and television presenter Jeremy Clarkson.In his fifth book Born to be Riled Clarkson laments the near-lunacy of drivers that he sees from his car and their lack of control of their vehicles.
 Red Leaves / 紅葉 is an English-language and Japanese bilingual literary magazine.
 Jessica Blandy is an ongoing Belgian comic book series started in 1987 by Belgian artists Renaud and Jean Dufaux. It is published by the Belgian Dupuis comic book publishing house. It follows the adventures of the eponymous heroine Jessica Blandy a blonde femme fatale from California who works as a journalist. She is haunted by a traumatic past which has made her an alcoholic.Until now 24 issues of this comic book have been published.
 Necroscope V: Deadspawn is the fifth book in the Necroscope series by British writer Brian Lumley and is the last book in the original Necroscope Series. It was released in 1991.
 Children of Tomorrow is a 1970 science fiction novel by American author A. E. van Vogt.
 The New Machiavelli is a 1911 novel by H. G. Wells that was serialized in The English Review in 1910. Because its plot notoriously derived from Wells's affair with Amber Reeves and satirized Beatrice and Sidney Webb it was the literary scandal of its day.
 The Northern Miner is a weekly trade journal (formerly part of the Hollinger group) that reports on the mining industry. The Northern Miner began publication Cobalt Ontario Canada in 1915 and has since moved publication to Toronto. The weekly journal is considered to be the leading authority on the mining industry in Canada and  the mining industry's bible.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirtieth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-1-250-02805-1) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published on July 23 2013. It is the 30th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 Meeting of Minds is a television series created by Steve Allen which aired on PBS from 1977 to 1981. The show featured guests (played by actors) who played significant roles in world history. Guests would interact with each other and host Steve Allen discussing philosophy religion history science and many other topics.
 When Bad Things Happen to Good People (ISBN 1-4000-3472-8) is a 1978 book by Harold Kushner a Conservative rabbi.
 Slaves of Spiegel is a 1982 novel by Daniel Pinkwater. The book is about the Space Pirates from Spiegel and an interplanetary cook-off.
 Arrouiah was an Arabic language newspaper based in Kuwait City Kuwait. The daily was briefly published between 2008 and 2010.
 The Lincoln Journal Star is Lincoln Nebraska United States's major daily newspaper. Owned by Lee Enterprises the Journal Star was created by the 1995 merger of Lincoln's morning newspaper (the Lincoln Star established in 1905) and its evening newspaper (the Lincoln Journal established by Charles H. Gere in 1867 as the Nebraska Commonwealth and later renamed the Nebraska State Journal under which it won the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service).
 The Third World War Book is a study of the global events that traces the origins of the First World War and Second World War and examines the cascading effect these wars are likely to have that will unravel in the times to come in the form of a Third World War.It is an attempt of the author to acquaint ordinary people with the rapidly changing global situation and how as ordinary citizens one should protect oneself from the eventuality and consequences of the war.
 Music for Mechanics is the first sequential collection of the American comic book series Love and Rockets written and drawn by Los Bros Hernandez and published in 1985.The cover of the book is by Jaime Hernandez and the preface by Carter Scholz.
 The Essential Charles Eastman (Ohiyesa) (2007 World Wisdom) is a compilation of the writings of Charles Eastman. A 19th-century Native American author and activist Eastman lived both in the world of the Santee Dakota and the world of contemporary non-Indian America. His writings are of historical significance providing a glimpse of Native American life during a turbulent time as well as an explanation of the spiritual traditions of the Sioux people.
 Terminator Gene is the second book in Ian Irvine's Eco-thriller titles. Set after The Last Albatross this is the story of Jemma Hardey's daughter. This book is due to be re-released as a revised edition in September 2009. The ePub version of the eBook is available to download for free on Ian Irvine's website. It is also available on the Amazon Kindle but is not free.
 The Cat Who Went Bananas is the 2005 novel in the Cat Who series by Lilian Jackson Braun.
 The Enemy of My Enemy: The Alarming Convergence of Militant Islam and the Extreme Right is a book by political science professor George Michael of the University of Virginia Wise. It examines the alliances between neo-Nazis Holocaust deniers and white separatists with Islamists such as Al Qaeda Hezbollah Hamas and Egyptian Islamic Jihad.[citation needed]It was published in April 2006 by University Press of Kansas as a 397-page hardcover (ISBN 0-7006-1444-3).
 The Gazette founded in 1727 as The Maryland Gazette is one of the oldest newspapers in America. It was acquired by The Baltimore Sun Media Group in 2014. It was owned by the Capital Gazette Communications group which published The Capital Bowie Blade-News Crofton-West County Gazette and Capital Style Magazine.The Gazette and their sister publications have a long history having been composed and printed in numerous locations all in the Annapolis area for more than 270 years.
 In Winter's Shadow is the final book in a trilogy of fantasy novels written by Gillian Bradshaw. It tells the story of King Arthur's downfall as recounted by his wife Gwynhwyfar.
 The Fortune India 500 is a ranking of the top 500 corporations in India compiled on the basis of latest sales and gross revenue figures. The list is published annually by Fortune magazine.
 The Last Dragon is a children's fantasy novel by Silvana De Mari first published in Italy in 2004 under the title L'ultimo elfo. Set in a post-apocalyptic world it follows the journey of the last elf as he seeks out the last dragon so that the world can be renewed. Translated into English by Shaun Whiteside it was published in the US by Miramax Books in 2006. It has also been published in the UK as The Last Elf.
 Benito Cereno is a novella by Herman Melville. It was first serialized in Putnam's Monthly in 1855 and later included a slightly revised version in his collection The Piazza Tales (1856).
 Clark's Law is the fourth book in the series of original science fiction novels based on the Emmy Award-winning series Babylon 5 created by J. Michael Straczynski. This book is authored by Jim Mortimore
 Dandelion Fire is a 2009 children's fantasy novel by N. D. Wilson. It is the second installment in the 100 Cupboards trilogy followed by The Chestnut King.
 The Cat Who Came to Breakfast (1994) is the sixteenth mystery novel by Lilian Jackson Braun one of the Cat Who series.Qwilleran and his cats solve another mystery this time at the newly sprouted Breakfast Island a resort hot spot with an attractive history. As it turns out Breakfast Island is only one of several names given to this island that is also called Pear Island (for its shape).
 Sexual Politics is a 1969 book by Kate Millett. Based on her PhD dissertation it is a classic feminist text said to be the first book of academic feminist literary criticism and one of the first feminist books of this decade to raise nationwide male ire.Millett argues that sex has a frequently neglected political aspect and goes on to discuss the role that patriarchy plays in sexual relations looking especially at the works of D. H. Lawrence Henry Miller and Norman Mailer.
 Burning Tower is a fantasy novel by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle. It is a sequel to The Burning City set some years after that novel concluded. It was published in 2005.
 Hollywood Superstars is a comic book series created by writer Mark Evanier and artist Dan Spiegle originally for Epic Comics a imprint for Marvel Comics for creator owned properties and ran from November 1990 to April 1991. Thematically it is similar to an early series by the same team Crossfire published by Eclipse Comics but without the superhero element.
 Twisted: The Distorted Mathematics of Greenhouse Denial is a 2007 book by Ian G. Enting who is the Professorial Research Fellow in the ARC Centre of Excellence for Mathematics and Statistics of Complex Systems (MASCOS) based at the University of Melbourne.The book analyses the arguments of greenhouse sceptics and the use and presentation of statistics.
 Theological Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Society of Jesus in the United States covering research on all aspects of theology. The journal is hosted by Marquette University and was established in 1940. The current editor-in-chief is David G. Schultenover (Marquette University).
 Excel Saga (エクセル♥サーガ Ekuseru Sāga) is a manga series written and illustrated by Rikdo Koshi. It has been serialized in Young King OURs since 1995 and its individual chapters were collected and published in tankōbon volumes by Shōnen Gahosha. The series follows the attempts of Across a secret ideological organization to conquer the city of Fukuoka as a first step towards world domination.
 Fire World is the sixth and penultimate novel in The Last Dragon Chronicles series by Chris d'Lacey. In an interview with ThirstforFiction on the publication day Chris d'Lacey stated that Fire World would be set in an alternate universe and that all of the recurring characters from the previous novels would return but in different guises.
 Ribsy is the titular character and a children's book by Beverly Cleary. It is the sixth and final book in the Henry Huggins series. Henry plays a minor role in the story however as the narrative focuses primarily on his dog Ribsy.
 Crítica de la Argentina was a daily newspaper from Buenos Aires Argentina.
 Honeymoon is a 2005 thriller novel written by the American authors James Patterson and Howard Roughan.
 The Cambridge News (formerly the Cambridge Evening News) is a British daily newspaper published each weekday and on Saturdays. It is distributed from its parent company Cambridge Newspapers Ltd's Milton base which was opened in 1991 as a print works and became the Evening News' main operational hub in 1998. In the period December 2010-June 2011 it had an average daily circulation of 20987.
 Sangeet Kalpataru (literal meaning: Wish fulfilling tree of music.) is a Bengali language song anthology edited and compiled by Swami Vivekananda (as Narendranath Datta) and Vaishnav Charan Basak. The book was first published in August or September 1887 from Arya Pustakalaya Calcutta. In 1963 in the birth centenary of Swami Vivekananda the book was reprinted as Sangeet Sadhanay Vivekananda O Sangeet Kalpataru. The book included 12 songs written by Rabindranath Tagore.
 Laughing Gas is a comic novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 25 September 1936 by Herbert Jenkins London and in the United States on 19 November 1936 by Doubleday Doran New York. It is set in Hollywood in the early 1930s (the Depression is mentioned twice) and is compared to say Budd Schulberg's What Makes Sammy Run? (1941) a light-hearted and exclusively humorous look at the film industry and in particular at child stars.
 Nature Methods is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering new scientific techniques. It was established in 2004 and is published by the Nature Publishing Group.
 The Divine Folly is a novel by Baroness Orczy creator of the Scarlet Pimpernel.
 Den of Thieves is a 1992 non-fiction bestselling work by Pulitzer prize-winning writer James B. Stewart. The book recounts the insider trading scandals involving Ivan Boesky Michael Milken and other Wall Street financiers in the United States during the 1980s such as Martin Siegel Dennis Levine Robert Freeman Richard Wigton Timothy Tabor John A. Mulheren Lowell Milken Robert Wilkis and more.
 John O'London's Weekly was a weekly literary magazine that was published by George Newnes Ltd of London between 1919 and 1954. In 1960 it was briefly brought back into circulation.
 Seven Guitars is a 1995 play by American playwright August Wilson. It focuses on seven African-American characters in the year 1948. The play begins and ends after the funeral of one of the main characters showing events leading to the funeral in flashbacks.
 Francesca's Kitchen is a novel by Peter Pezzelli. It was Published in trade paperback by Kensington Publishing in 2006.
 Legend of Zagor is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Martin McKenna and originally published in 1993 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2004. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series.
 Jhar (Bengali: ঝড়) is an Indian Bengali language weekly newspaper published in Berhampore. At present its editor is Achinta Singha.
 Strawberry Marshmallow (Japanese: 苺ましまろ Hepburn: Ichigo Mashimaro) is a Japanese manga series by Barasui about the adventures of four elementary school girls and their older sister-figure. It began serialization in ASCII Media Works' manga magazine Dengeki Daioh in 2002. In 2005 the series was adapted into an anime series and a PlayStation 2 video game. Three original video animation (OVA) episodes were later released from February to April 2007.
 The Assassination Bureau Ltd is a thriller novel begun by Jack London and finished after his death by Robert L. Fish. It was published in 1963. The plot follows Ivan Dragomiloff who in a twist of fate finds himself pitted against the secret assassination agency he founded.The novel was based on a story idea London purchased from author Sinclair Lewis (Elmer Gantry) in early 1910.
 Shadow Star known in Japan as Narutaru (なるたる) which comes from the abbreviation of Mukuro Naru Hoshi Tamataruko (骸なる星･珠たる子) is a Japanese manga and of the anime series which was based on the manga. The series was created by Mohiro Kitoh and was originally serialized in the magazine Afternoon. When asked about the manga Mohiro Kitoh stated that he had about 80% of the entire story planned out from the beginning.
 On Stranger Tides is a 1987 historical fantasy novel written by Tim Powers. It was nominated for the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel and placed second in the annual Locus poll for best fantasy novel.The story was also the inspiration for the Monkey Island video game series by LucasArts and for the fourth installment in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides.
 The Ottawa Citizen is an English-language daily newspaper owned by Postmedia Network in Ottawa Canada. According to the Canadian Newspaper Association the paper had a 2008 weekly circulation of 900197.
 Exploration Team is a science fiction novelette by Murray Leinster. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novelette in 1956.
 The Barre Montpelier Times Argus is a daily morning newspaper serving the capital region of Vermont. It was established in 1897. The newspaper claims that 80% of all adults in the Barre/Montpelier area read the Times Argus for local news state government sports and advertising information.[citation needed].The Times Argus is the product of a union of the Barre Daily Times and the Montpelier Argus in 1959. The Barre Times was founded by Frank E.
 Jahan-e Ketab is a monthly literary magazine and a platform in Iran.Jahan-e Ketab was founded in 1995 in Tehran and is being published in the Persian language. The monthly magazine also focuses on neighboring countries. It publishes literary critic articles.In 2001 Jahan-e Ketab was honored with one of the international Prince Claus Awards.
 Unlimited Power is a self-help book by author and motivational speaker Anthony Robbins. In the book Robbins discusses how to use one's mind to achieve goals and success. This book also has a significant amount of NLP material.He writes about subjects such as health and energy overcoming fears persuasive communication and bettering relationships.
 The Duo Wei Times (Chinese: 多維時報 Pinyin: Duō Wéi Shí Bào ) is a Chinese newspaper based in the United States. It typically reports on the concerns of local Chinese communities (including Chinatown and the suburbs) in the Chinese language.
 The Journal of Inflammation Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on inflammation. The journal was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Byakuyako (白夜行 Byakuyakō) is a mystery novel written by Keigo Higashino first serialized on the monthly magazine Novel Subaru of Shueisha from January 1997 to January 1999. The entire volume was published in August 1999 and became a bestseller.During the serialization the novel was at first written as a series of short stories representing chronological snapshots of the overall plot line.
 Conceit is a novel by the Canadian author Mary Novik published in 2007 by Doubleday Canada. Set in 17th century London Conceit is the story of Pegge Donne the daughter of the metaphysical poet John Donne a contemporary of Shakespeare. Other fictional characters based on historical people are Donne's wife Ann More the diarist Samuel Pepys the fisherman Izaak Walton and appearing briefly Christopher Wren.
 Het Parool is an Amsterdam-based daily newspaper. It was first published on August 11 1941 as a resistance paper during the German occupation of The Netherlands (1940–1945). The name means The Password or The Motto
 The Other Side of the Bridge is the second novel by Canadian novelist Mary Lawson. It became a bestseller in Canada and was longlisted for The Booker Prize.
 Ozark Ike was a newspaper comic strip about dumb but likable Ozark Ike McBatt a youth from a rural area in the mountains. The strip was created by Rufus A. (Ray) Gotto while he was serving in the Navy during World War II in Washington D.C. as an illustrator for Navy instruction manuals.
 The Phish Book is a 192-page book detailing the history of the rock band Phish. It was written by music journalist Richard Gehr in cooperation with the Phish organization. It contains in-depth stories and quotes from early fans and the band members themselves. It was released in 1998 shortly before the release of the album The Story of the Ghost.It is currently Out of Print.
 The Day After Judgment Is the second of a pair of short novels by James Blish. The first is the novel Black Easter. They have more recently been published as a single book called The Devil's Day.
 Aru Zombie Shōjo no Sainan (あるゾンビ少女の災難) is a Japanese light novel series written by Ryō Ikehata. It will be adapted into an anime.
 Paradise is a 1997 novel by Toni Morrison and her first novel since winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1993. According to the author it completes a trilogy that begins with Beloved and includes Jazz.The book was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection January 1998. Morrison wanted to call the novel War but was overridden by her editor.
 The Computer Connection is a novel by science fiction author Alfred Bester. Originally published as a serial in Analog Science Fiction (November December 1974 January 1975 under the title The Indian Giver) it appeared in book form in 1975. Some editions give it the title Extro. The novel was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1975 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1976.
 Mandate was a monthly gay pornographic magazine. It was published in the United States and distributed internationally since April 1975. Together with the other magazines of the Mavety Group such as Black Inches it folded in 2009.
 The Atlas of Pern by Karen Wynn Fonstad is an authorized companion book to the science fiction Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne McCaffrey. It was completed in 1984 based on the first seven Pern novels and collaboration with McCaffrey.The Atlas is a large-format book comprising regional maps chronologies for the seven published novels local maps and drawings of Hall Hold and Weyr thematic maps on a world scale and notes.
 The New York Amsterdam News is an American weekly newspaper geared to the African-American community of New York City New York. It is one of the oldest African-American newspapers in the United States.It has published columns by notables including W. E. B. Du Bois Roy Wilkins Adam Clayton Powell Jr. and was the first to recognize and publish Malcolm X.
 Jenny lives with Eric and Martin originally Mette bor hos Morten og Erik is a black-and-white picture book by the Danish author Susanne Bösche published in 1981 in Danish and in 1983 in English. It was perhaps the first English-language children's book to discuss homosexuality.
 You may also bee looking for the 1908 book by Georg Simmel. See Soziologie (Simmel). Soziologie is a 1956-1958 book by Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy (1888-1973) German social philosopher addressing the spatial and temporal influences on “human life language and associations. To Rosenstock-Huessy speech is central to sociology; sociology must recognize that speech is the concrete form of social reality.”Although it is Rosenstock-Huessy’s most systematic work.
 Vulcan's Hammer is a 1960 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick. It was released originally as an Ace Double. This has been considered to be the final outing of Dicks' 1950's style pulp science-fiction writing before his better received work such as the Hugo Award winning Man in the High Castle published three years later.
 Juan de la Rosa: Memoirs of the Last Soldier of the Independence Movement is a book by the writer Nataniel Aguirre about the Bolivian War of Independence published in 1885.
 Chirality (キラリティー Kiraritī) is a 4-volume yuri manga series written and illustrated by author Satoshi Urushihara. The manga was originally serialized in Comic NORA in 1995 and later published in three bound volumes which was re-released into two bound volumes in 2003. In 1997 Chirality was licensed for released in North America by Central Park Media.
 How to Live a Low-Carbon Life: The Individual's Guide to Stopping Climate Change is a 2007 book by Chris Goodall published by Earthscan/Routledge.According to New Scientist this book provides the definitive guide to reducing your carbon footprint.
 The Irish Examiner formerly The Cork Examiner and then The Examiner is an Irish national daily newspaper which primarily circulates in the Munster region surrounding its base in Cork though it is available throughout the country. Its main national rivals are The Irish Times and the Irish Independent.
 African Symposium is a quarterly on-line academic journal of educational research published by the African Educational Research Network.
 Saint is a 2006 mystery novel written by Ted Dekker. It is the second in the series of the 'Project Showdown' Books which are also called 'The Paradise Novels'.
 The Early Fears is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Robert Bloch. It was released in 1994 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 2400 copies of which 100 were signed by the author. The collection reprints the stories from Bloch's two earlier collections published by Arkham House The Opener of the Way and Pleasant Dreams: Nightmares with three additional stories.
 MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors the original novel that inspired the film MASH and TV series M*A*S*H was written by Richard Hooker (the pen name for Dr. H. Richard Hornberger and writer W. C. Heinz) the former having worked as a military surgeon and was about a fictional U.S. Mobile Army Surgical Hospital in Korea during the Korean War. It was originally published in 1968.Hooker followed the novel with two sequels.
 A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich is a 1973 young adult novel by Alice Childress.
 Deryni Rising is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the nineteenth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in August 1970 and was reprinted at least ten times over the next three decades. In 2004 the author released a revised and updated edition of the novel that was published by Ace Books.
 The Care And Handling Of Roses With Thorns is a novel written by Margaret Dilloway. The novel was released in August 2012. The book is about a rose breeder and teacher who also has kidney disease. Dilloway states that the inspiration for this book came from her sister-in-law who had three kidney transplants where she ultimately died of renal failure in 2011.
 The Stranger is a children's book written in 1986 by the American author Chris Van Allsburg. It tells a story of a stranger with no memory of who he is or where he's from. He recuperates in the home of a farmer and his family during the fall season.
 The Queen of Zamba is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp the first book of his Viagens Interplanetarias series and its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna. It was written between November 1948 and January 1949 and first published in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction as a two-part serial in the issues for August and September 1949.
 Edge is a multi-format video game magazine published by Future plc in the United Kingdom. It is known for its industry contacts editorial stance distinctive anonymous third-person writing style yearly awards and longevity.[citation needed]
 The Wolves in the Walls is a book by Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean published in 2003 in the United States by HarperCollins and in the United Kingdom by Bloomsbury. The book was highly praised on release winning three awards for that year. In 2006 it was made into a musical which toured the UK and visited the US in 2007.Neil Gaiman has said the story was inspired by a nightmare his daughter Maddy then aged 4 had that there were wolves in the walls.
 The Investigation is a play by Peter Weiss written in 1965 which depicts the Frankfurt Auschwitz Trials of 1963-1965. It premiered on October 19 1965 on stages in fourteen West and East German cities and at the Royal Shakespeare Company in London. It carries the subtitle Oratorio in 11 Cantos. Weiss was an observer at the trials and developed the play partially from the reports of Bernd Naumann.
 Vurt is a 1993 science fiction novel written by British author Jeff Noon. Both Noon and small publishing house Ringpull's debut novel it went on to win the 1994 Arthur C. Clarke Award and was later listed in The Best Novels of the Nineties.
 Pansy Potter The Strongman's Daughter was a comic strip in The Beano featuring Pansy Potter a really strong girl. First appearing in the issue dated 17 December 1938. Around 1949 Jimmy Clark took up drawing the Strip and it became known as Pansy Potter in Wonderland. As the name suggested Pansy Potter no longer lived in what we can safely call Beanotown but instead was living in this fantasy world called Wonderland which was also home to Humpty Dumpty and other nursery rhyme Characters.
 Revenant is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 The Last Supper (1983) by American author Charles McCarry is the fourth novel in the Paul Christopher series.
 Abazashta (Abaza: Абазашта) is the only newspaper published in the Azabin language in the Karachay–Cherkess Republic of the Russian Federation. It is published twice a week.Abazin texts were originally published in the Cherkess language newspaper Черкес плъыж; in 1938 the Abazin newspaper Черкес плъыж was founded later renamed to Коммунизм алашара (Light of Communism); it received its current designation in 1991.
 The Journal of Membrane Biology publishes papers on the nature the structure genesis and functions of biological membranes and on the physics and chemistry of artificial membranes with a bearing on biomembranes.
 Belorusskaya Delovaya Gazeta (BDG; English: Belarusian Business Newspaper) is a now-defunct business-oriented daily newspaper based in Minsk Belarus known for its criticisms of President Alexander Lukashenko's government.
 Lesbia Brandon is a pornographic novel by Algernon Charles Swinburne written between 1859 and 1868 and published posthumously. It was illustrated by Simeon Solomon.
 The New Nelson Japanese-English Character Dictionary (新版ネルソン漢英辞典 Shinpan Neruson Kan-Ei jiten) is a kanji dictionary published with English speakers in mind. It is an updated version of the original dictionary authored by Andrew N. Nelson The Modern Reader's Japanese-English Character Dictionary. The primary change in the new version is the adoption of the traditional 214 Kangxi radicals as the dictionary's main indexing method.
 Comillar Kagoj is a major daily newspaper in Bangladesh published from Comilla in the Bengali language.
 Parasite Eve (パラサイト・イヴ Parasaito Ivu) is a Japanese science fiction novel by Hideaki Sena first published in Kadokawa Horror Bunko in 1996. The book was published in North America by Vertical Inc. in 2005.Parasite Eve was adapted into a film and manga series. It was later expanded into three video games that serve as a detached sequel to the novel along with a spin off third videogame. The video games have also been adapted into a manga series as well.
 The Way of the Spirit is a 1906 novel by H. Rider Haggard.
 The Collegian is the student newspaper of the University of Richmond. Founded in 1914 the publication is staffed by members of the Richmond journalism undergraduate program and is available in print format as well as online. There is also a digital archive of the newspaper's content from 1914 to 2003 published online by the university using the Greenstone open source content system.
 Matatu- Journal for African Culture and Society is an academic journal on African literatures and societies dedicated to interdisciplinary dialogue between literary and cultural studies historiography the social sciences and cultural anthropology.
 The Squirrel Wife is the title of a children's fairy tale written by Philippa Pearce and first illustrated by Derek Collard. This original fairy tale published by Longman Young in 1971 has subsequently been republished in Middlesex: New York; Paris and Madrid. Bill Geldart is responsible for illustrating publications made between 1983–1992 and Wayne Anderson most recently illustrated both New York and London publications in 2007.
 Free: The Future of a Radical Price is the second book written by Chris Anderson Editor in chief of Wired magazine. The book was published on July 7 2009 by Hyperion. He is also the author of The Long Tail published in 2006.
 The Thomasville Times-Enterprise is a daily newspaper published in Thomasville Georgia. It is operated by South Georgia Media Group a division of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. CNHI acquired the paper in 2000 from Thomson.
 Nadirs is a collection of largely autobiographical short stories by Romanian-German writer and Nobel laureate Herta Müller. The stories center around life in the Romanian countryside and the violent oppressive atmosphere of Romania in the mid-20th century.
 Minor Tactics of the Chalk Stream and Kindred Studies is a fly fishing book written by G.E.M. Skues published in London in 1910. Minor Tactics was Skues first book and set the stage for his ascendancy as the inventor of nymph fishing for trout.
 Half Gone: Oil Gas Hot Air and the Global Energy Crisis is a book by former oil geologist Jeremy Leggett about both oil depletion and global warming.
 Rafta Rafta... is a comedy by British Pakistani playwright Ayub Khan-Din adapted from the 1963 Bill Naughton play All in Good Time. The play is set in the working class English town of Bolton and examines a story of marital difficulties within an immigrant Indian family. Eeshwar Dutt is a first-generation immigrant and patriarch of the family. He has a troubled relationship with his newlywed son Atul whose married life with Vina Patel has got off to a rocky start.
 The Pursuit of Glory: Europe 1648–1815 written by the British historian Timothy Blanning was first published by Allen Lane in 2007. It met with very favourable reviews was The Sunday Times history book of the year and was reprinted in paperback by Penguin Books in 2008. In the USA a Kindle Books edition The Pursuit of Glory: The Five Revolutions that Made Modern Europe was released in 2007. This title was also chosen for the American Penguin Books paperback edition of 2008.
 Angry Candy is a 1988 collection of short stories by Harlan Ellison that is loosely organized around the theme of death. The title comes the last line of the poem the Cambridge ladies who live in furnished souls by E. E. Cummings ...the/ moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy.The collection contains the short story Eidolons which won the 1989 Locus poll award for best short story.
 The Castle of Llyr (1966) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander the third of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain.
 Requiem is a novel by the American writer A. E. Fisher set during the Great Depression in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of a week in the life of a family of six struggling to survive.
 The Riddle of the Sands: A Record of Secret Service is a 1903 novel by Erskine Childers. The book which enjoyed immense popularity in the years before World War I is an early example of the espionage novel and was extremely influential in the genre of spy fiction. It has been made into both a film and TV film. The novel owes a lot to the wonderful adventure novels of writers like Rider Haggard that were a staple of Victorian Britain.
 A Civil War: Army vs. Navy is a book published in 1996 by popular sports author John Feinstein. In it Feinstein writes about his experiences spending time with both American football teams of the United States Military Academy (Army) and the United States Naval Academy (Navy) during the 1995 season leading up to the annual Army–Navy Game at Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia.It follows the members of each football team throughout the season through the highs and lows of the season.
 The Happy Highwayman is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris first published in 1939 by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom and The Crime Club in the United States. This was the 21st book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint. The 1963 Hodder and Stoughton paperback edition erroneously gives 1933 as the book's original publishing date.This was the last set of Saint short stories until the publication of Saint Errant nine years later.
 Wondrous Beginnings is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Steven H. Silver and Martin H. Greenberg first published in paperback by DAW Books in January 2003. It is a compilation of the first published stories of seventeen prominent authors in the genre and features introductions to the stories provided (in most instances) by the authors of those stories.
 The Judas Pair is a crime novel by Jonathan Gash. It is the first book in the Lovejoy series. The story was first published in 1977 and won a John Creasey Award.The story was adapted by Ian La Frenais for the BBC television series Lovejoy starring Ian McShane. The episode The Judas Pair first aired on 7 February 1986 as episode 5 of season 1.
 Out of the Dark is an alien invasion science fiction novel by David Weber released by Tor Books on September 28 2010. This novel is an extended version of the short story of the same name in the 2010 anthology Warriors.
 The Death of King Edgar is an Old English poem commemorating the death of the English King Edgar nicknamed the Peaceful. The poem a song of mourning is found in two of the manuscripts of the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle.
 Political Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published bimonthly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society of Political Psychology. The editor-in-chief is Alex Mintz (Lauder School of Government Diplomacy and Strategy IDC Herzliya).According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.706 ranking it 12th out of 148 journals in the category Political Science and 19th out of 59 journals in the category Psychology Social.
 Flynn of the Inland is a biography by Ion Idriess of John Flynn founder of the Royal Flying Doctors service.It was one of his most successful books.
 L'Intransigeant was a French newspaper founded in July 1880 by Henri Rochefort. Initially representing the left-wing opposition it developed towards the right during the Boulanger affair (Rochefort supported Boulanger) and became a major right-wing newspaper by 1920s. The newspaper was vehemently anti-Dreyfusard reflecting Rochefort's positions. In 1906 under the direction of Léon Bailby it reaches a circulation of 400000 copies. It ceased publication after the French surrender in 1940.
 Disney Adventures was a children's entertainment and educational magazine published ten times per year by The Walt Disney Company. It should not be confused with the (also defunct) Disney Magazine. Disney Adventures also contained the latest news concerning the Disney Channel.
 The American Journal of Ancient History (often abbreviated AJAH) is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering ancient history and classical studies. It was established in 1976 at Harvard University and is published by Gorgias Press. The journal is abstracted and indexed by L'Année philologique. The editor-in-chief is T. Corey Brennan (Rutgers University).
 Bad for Business is a mystery novel by Rex Stout starring his detective Tecumseh Fox first published in 1940. Private investigator Tecumseh Fox was the protagonist of three mysteries written by Stout between 1939 and 1941.
 Appley Dapply’s Nursery Rhymes is a collection of nursery rhymes written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and published by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1917. Potter had a lifelong fascination with rhymes and proposed a book of short verses called Appley Dapply to Warne following the release of The Tale of Peter Rabbit in 1902. Warne preferred Potter's original fantasies to her derivative work and gave Appley Dapply little encouragement.
 King of the Wind is a novel by Marguerite Henry that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1949. It was made into a film in 1990.
 Robot Odyssey I: Escape from Robotropolis is a 1988 Science Fiction novel for children written by Fred D'Ignazio. It is partially based on the video game Robot Odyssey by The Learning Company
 Annual Reports on the Progress of Chemistry Section B is a compilation of review articles on organic and bioorganic chemistry published annually by the Royal Society of Chemistry.The editor of Annual Reports on the Progress of Chemistry Section B is Dr Robert Eagling and the Scientific Editors are Ian Cunningham of the University of Surrey and Philip Page Professor of Organic Chemistry at Loughborough University.Annual Reports on the Progress of Chemistry Section B is cited in major databases including MEDLINE.
 The Independent is an online newspaper which covers news opinions and local events trends and issues in Newfoundland and Labrador. The original weekly (paper) version of The Independent was founded in 2001. The current online version launched in February 2011.
 The Emperor Jones is a 1920 play by American dramatist Eugene O'Neill which tells the tale of Brutus Jones an African-American man who kills a man goes to prison escapes to a Caribbean island and sets himself up as emperor. The play recounts his story in flashbacks as Brutus makes his way through the forest in an attempt to escape former subjects who have rebelled against him.
 Ayn Rand and the World She Made is a biography of Russian-American philosopher Ayn Rand by Anne C. Heller published in 2009.
 Love's Comedy (Norwegian: Kjærlighedens Komedie) is a comedy by Henrik Ibsen. It was first published on 31 December 1862. As a result of being branded an immoral work in the press the Christiania Theatre would not dare to stage it at first.
 Cadillac Beach is the sixth novel written by Tim Dorsey published in 2004.
 The ACGC Chemical Research Communications (ISSN 1020-5586 CODEN ACRCFA) is a scientific journal in chemistry published by the Asian Coordinating Group for Chemistry (ACGC). The ACGC which was formed in 1984 is an ad hoc committee of UNESCO comprising representatives of UNESCO Regional Networks and other organisations active in the promotion and development of chemistry in Asia. The journal was founded in 1991.
 A pata da gazela is a novel written by the Brazilian writer José de Alencar. It was first published in 1870.
 Tunnels of Blood is the third novel of twelve in the The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan.
 This page is about the book of poems by Philip Larkin. For other uses see; High Windows (disambiguation)High Windows is a collection of poems by English poet Philip Larkin and was published in 1974 by Faber and Faber Limited. The readily available paperback version was first published in Britain in 1979.
 Genius Squad is a novel written by Catherine Jinks published in 2008 by Allen & Unwin Australia. It is the second book in a series that follows the main character Cadel Piggot a young genius living in Australia.
 Metal Bulletin is a specialist international publisher and information provider for the global steel non-ferrous and scrap metals markets.
 The People's Friend is a British weekly magazine founded in 1869 and currently published by D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd. Its tagline is The famous story magazine.The magazine is principally aimed at older women and is broadly traditionalist in outlook. Each issue contains at least six self-contained short stories and two serials (frequently more) a craft project (usually knitting or sewing) and various factual articles one of which is a piece on a particular town.
 Lucky is a 1999 memoir by Alice Sebold author of The Lovely Bones. The memoir describes her experiences of being raped and how the experience shaped the rest of her life.
 Beggarman Thief is a 1977 novel written by Irwin Shaw. It was a sequel to his 1970 bestseller Rich Man Poor Man.The miniseries adapted from the original novel had a sequel entitled Rich Man Poor Man Book II but it was broadcast prior to the publication of Beggarman Thief and was not based on the second novel.
 Green Darkness is the 1972 novel by Anya Seton. It spent sixth months on the The New York Times Best Seller list and became her most popular novel as well as her last completed novel.
 Sugar Princess (シュガープリンセス Shugā Purisensu) is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Hisaya Nakajo. The series premiered in the 5th issue of Hana to Yume in 2005 and ended in the 2nd issue of 2007. The series was licensed in English by Viz Media.
 UFOs: The Greatest Stories is a 1996 anthology of science fiction short-stories revolving around UFOs.
 Stork Naked is the thirtieth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Venture magazine is a business management magazine. It focuses on business best practices. It is used by business leaders to learn from their colleagues'successes and challenges.The magazine was founded in 1979 by Arthur Lipper who sold it to Family Media in 1988.The Washington Post reported that its 1988 circulation was 450000.
 Aliens Ate My Homework is the first of a series of four books by Bruce Coville. The series is generally referred to as Bruce Coville's Alien Adventures or Rod Allbright's Alien Adventures. Aliens Ate My Homework was first published by Aladdin in 1993.
 Tome of Magic (abbreviated ToM) is a handbook of rules and guidelines for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game. As its name implies it is a supplement to be used to expand the magical options available in the game. It was first released for Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition and the name was reused for a book released for the 3rd Edition of D&D.
 Quintessence: The Quality of Having It (ISBN 0-517-55089-X) is a book by Betty Cornfeld and Owen Edwards originally published in 1983 and reissued in 2001.In 1983 it was recommended by The New York Times as a potential Christmas present.
 The Comic Artist and Assistants (マンガ家さんとアシスタントさんと Mangaka-san to Ashisutanto-san to) is a Japanese 4-panel manga series by Hiroyuki. It was serialized in Square Enix's seinen manga magazine Young Gangan from 2008 to 2012. It was collected in ten tankōbon volumes with the last being published on December 25 2012. A sequel titled Mangaka-san to Assistant-san to 2 began serialization in August 2013.
 Arakawa Under the Bridge (荒川アンダー ザ ブリッジ Arakawa Andā za Burijji) is a Japanese manga series created by Hikaru Nakamura. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Young GanGan starting December 3 2004. An anime adaptation by Shaft was broadcast in Japan between April 4 2010 and June 27 2010 on TV Tokyo. A second season titled Arakawa Under the Bridge*2 aired in Japan between October 3 2010 and December 26 2010.
 Foundation and Chaos (1998) is a science fiction novel by Greg Bear set in Isaac Asimov's Foundation universe. It is the second book of the Second Foundation trilogy which was written after Asimov's death by three authors authorized by the Asimov estate.
 The London Eye Mystery is a children's mystery novel by English author Siobhan Dowd. First published in 2007 it tells the story of how Ted a boy with Asperger syndrome solves the mystery of how his cousin Salim seemingly vanishes from inside a sealed capsule on the London Eye. It was Dowd's second children's novel and won six awards including the School Library Journal Best Books of the Year Award 2008.
 The Safety Matches (French title: Les Allumettes suédoises) also translated under the title The Match Boy is a novel by Robert Sabatier published in 1969 by Albin Michel and translated into English by Patsy Southgate in 1972.It is the first volume of an autobiographical series whose main character is a boy named Olivier.An immediate best-seller the book was adapted for French TV by Jacques Ertaud in 1995.
 Sexy Sailor Soldiers (奈美SOS！ファースト・バトル Nami SOS! First Battle) is an erotic original video animation (OVA) based on the manga Nami SOS! created by Chataro in 1995. The animation was given a different name in North America for several reasons. The manga on which it is based was largely unknown in the Western world. The title Sexy Sailor Soldiers was chosen for its similarity to another popular anime Sailor Moon which had achieved commercial success in the West.
 Spook Country is a 2007 novel by speculative fiction author William Gibson. A political thriller set in contemporary North America it followed on from the author's previous novel Pattern Recognition (2003) and was succeeded in 2010 by Zero History which featured much of its core cast of characters.
 The Sports Gene is a book written by David Epstein a senior writer for Sports Illustrated on the effects of genetics and sports training on human athleticism. Through investigative journalism Epstein takes the reader through his experiences regarding what makes the difference between an amateur and a pro-athlete. The book was published in August 2013 by Penguin Books.
 The Journal of Medicinal Chemistry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in medicinal chemistry. It is published by the American Chemical Society. It was established in 1959 as the Journal of Medicinal and Pharmaceutical Chemistry and obtained its current name in 1963. The editors-in-chief are Gunda I. Georg (University of Minnesota) and Shaomeng Wang (University of Michigan). They succeeded Philip S. Portoghese (University of Minnesota) in 2012.
 Old Ghosts of New England: A Traveler's Guide to the Spookiest Sites in the Northeast is a 2009 book by Connecticut native C.J. Fusco covering the various allegedly haunted locales in the New England states of Maine New Hampshire Vermont Massachusetts Connecticut and Rhode Island.Old Ghosts of New England is presented as a traveler's guide to the many inns restaurants lighthouses pubs museums parks graveyards and schools throughout New England where spirits are rumored to roam.
 Zoobooks is a monthly subscribed magazine for children.
 Encyclopedia Horrifica: The Terrifying TRUTH! About Vampires Ghosts Monsters and More (also known as E.H. or EnHo_001) is a hardcover book by Joshua Gee.The book is a nonfiction reference guide exploring hundreds of fear facts—from aliens to zombies. It also features Special Investigations in search of real-life x-files such as a haunted house in New York and P. T.
 A New England Nun is a short story written by Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman in 1891.
 History of the Theory of Numbers is a three-volume work by L. E. Dickson summarizing work in number theory up to about 1920. The style is unusual in that Dickson mostly just lists results by various authors with little further discussion. The central topic of quadratic reciprocity and higher reciprocity laws is barely mentioned; this was apparently going to be the topic of a fourth volume that was never written (Fenster 1999).
 Word Freak is a non-fiction narrative by Stefan Fatsis published in 2001 (ISBN 0-618-01584-1).The book is subtitled Heartbreak Triumph Genius and Obsession in the World of Competitive SCRABBLE Players. Fatsis a sports reporter for The Wall Street Journal introduces the reader to the world of competitive Scrabble through a narrative of his slow transformation from a good living room player into a player ranked as expert by the National Scrabble Association.
 Skylark Three is a science fiction novel by author Edward E. Smith Ph.D. the second in his Skylark series. Originally serialized through the Amazing Stories magazine in 1930 it was first collected in book form in 1948 by Fantasy Press.
 The Nürnberger Nachrichten (NN) was originally a local daily in the Nuremberg-Erlangen-Fürth area. With its regional editions it now covers the whole of Middle Franconia and parts of Upper Franconia and the Upper Palatinate. With a total circulation of currently about 300000 it is one of Germany's larger regional newspapers. The Nürnberger Zeitung belongs to the same group but is editorially independent.
 Listen Germany! is the published collection of letters by exiled German author Thomas Mann to his former country during World War II. Originally published in 1943 by Alfred A.
 Museum International is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the ethics and practices of museums and heritage organizations. It is published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of UNESCO. The editor-in-chief is Isabelle Vinson.
 Estia (Greek: Ἑστία) is a national newspaper published daily in Athens Greece. It is generally considered a broadsheet of a conservative right-wing political alignment and an advocate of free-market policies. It is named after the goddess Hestia.
 First on the Moon: A Voyage with Neil Armstrong Michael Collins and Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. (ISBN 0316051608) is a book by the crew of the Apollo 11 Moon landing (Neil Armstrong Michael Collins Buzz Aldrin) in collaboration with Gene Farmer and Dora Jane Hamblin first published in 1970. It describes the events leading up to and during the Apollo 11 mission the first manned landing on the Moon. It was first published in June 1970 by Little Brown and Company.
 In Beowulf & Grendel: The Truth Behind England's Oldest Legend (2005) John Grigsby interprets Beowulf as the recounting in poetic form of a religious conflict between two pagan cults in Denmark around AD 500 (p. 5). Grigsby argues that the poem reflects the violent ending of the native fertility religion of Nerthus.
 The Revolution: A Manifesto is a New York Times #1 best seller by Republican former U.S. Congressman Ron Paul. The work was published on April 30 2008 by Grand Central Publishing. According to Paul the book is based on written notes during his 2008 presidential campaign.
 The Cat Who Walks Through Walls is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein published in 1985. Like many of his later novels it features Lazarus Long and Jubal Harshaw as supporting characters.
 The Grand Forks Herald is a daily broadsheet newspaper established in 1879 published in Grand Forks North Dakota United States. It is the primary daily paper for northeast North Dakota and northwest Minnesota. Its average daily circulation is 34763 on Sundays and 31524 on weekdays. It has the second largest circulation in the state of North Dakota.
 Śrībhārgavarāghavīyam (Sanskrit: श्रीभार्गवराघवीयम्) (2002) literally Of Paraśurāma and Rāma is a Sanskrit epic poem (Mahākāvya) composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950–). It consists of 2121 verses in 40 Sanskrit and Prakrit metres and is divided into 21 cantos (Sargas) of 101 verses each. The epic is the narrative of the two Rāma Avatars – Paraśurāma and Rāma which is found in the Rāmāyaṇa and other Hindu scriptures.
 Kids Discover is a children's non-fiction magazine in a similar vein to Zoobooks. Its issues focus on themes such as government science and history and are meant to give the reader a general understanding to a subject within such a field. It is often used in elementary school education.
 Higurashi When They Cry (ひぐらしのなく頃に Higurashi no Naku Koro ni lit. When the Cicadas Cry) known simply as When They Cry for the North American release of the anime adaptation is a Japanese murder mystery dōjin soft sound novel series produced by 07th Expansion. The games are built on the NScripter game engine and are playable on the Windows operating system.
 Jnana Yoga (The yoga of knowledge) is a book of Swami Vivekananda. based on a series of lectures on the topic delivered mainly in New York and London by Swami Vivekananda. These lectures were recorded by a professional stenographer J.J.Goodwin (who later became a disciple of Swami Vivekananda.
 Sadbhavana Times is an Indian English-language newspaper published in Bangalore once every week. News related to Bangalore city Karnataka national and international news is covered in the newspaper. Its executive editor is Mr. Jameel Aahmed.
 Memed My Hawk (Turkish: İnce Memed meaning Memed the Slim) is a 1955 novel by Yaşar Kemal. It was Kemal's debut novel and is the first novel in his İnce Memed tetralogy. The novel won the Varlik prize for that year (Turkey's highest literary prize) and earned Kemal a national reputation. In 1961 the book was translated into English by Edouard Roditi thus gaining Kemal his first exposure to English-speaking readers.İnce Memed is the best-known Turkish novel published since World War II.
 Brahma is a poem by Ralph Waldo Emerson written in 1856. It is named for Brahma the Hindu god of creation.
 Optical Materials is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original papers and review articles on the design synthesis characterisation and applications of materials suitable for various optical devices. The journal also publishes papers about physical and chemical properties of such materials and their applications.
 Iceberg is an adventure novel by Clive Cussler published in the United States by Dodd Mead & Company in 1975. This is the 2nd published book to feature the author’s primary protagonist Dirk Pitt.
 New! is a British weekly magazine specialising in celebrity news and is published by Northern & Shell who also oversee OK! magazine and the Daily Star.The slogan runs if it's hot it's here and the magazine sells over 500000 copies each week. It features columnists Peter Andre Kym Marsh and most recently Amy Childs. A new issue is released every Tuesday. The current Editor is Kirsty Tyler.
 Zero Minus Ten published in 1997 is the first novel by Raymond Benson featuring Ian Fleming's James Bond following John Gardner's departure in 1996. Published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in America by Putnam the book is set in Hong Kong China Jamaica England and some parts of Western Australia.Benson's working title for the novel was No Tears for Hong Kong; this was eventually used as the title for the last chapter in the novel.
 The Late Mattia Pascal (Italian: Il Fu Mattia Pascal) is a 1904 novel by Luigi Pirandello. It is one of his most successful works.
 Whispered Words (ささめきこと Sasameki Koto) is a Japanese yuri manga series written and illustrated by Takashi Ikeda. It was serialized in Media Factory's seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive between May 2007 and September 2011 and was compiled into nine tankōbon volumes. The series has been licensed in North America by One Peace Books. It was adapted as a 13-episode anime television series produced by AIC that aired between October and December 2009 on TV Tokyo.
 Boken till Dig is a book of poetry published in 1983 by the Swedish artist Jan Widströmer. The book combines Widströmer's poems with his artwork.Widströmer emphasizes that Boken till dig is more than an illustrated collection of poems - it is more of a poetical whole.
 Escape: The True Story of the Only Westerner Ever to Break out of Thailand's Bangkok Hilton is a 2007 book by career smuggler David McMillan describing his time and escape from Klong Prem Central Prison in Bangkok Thailand.
 The Body of Christopher Creed is a young adult novel by Carol Plum-Ucci. It tells the story of a high school student whose life becomes unraveled when he tries to solve the mystery of a classmate's sudden disappearance. The novel won the Michael L. Printz Honor Book Award.
 Mondoweiss (2006–present) is a news-centric blog that is co-edited by journalists Philip Weiss and Adam Horowitz. It is a part of the Center for Economic Research and Social Change. According to the editors Mondoweiss is a news website devoted to covering American foreign policy in the Middle East chiefly from a progressive Jewish perspective.
 Lie Down in Darkness is a novel by American novelist William Styron published in 1951. It was his first novel written when he was 26 years old and received a great deal of critical acclaim.After graduating from Duke University in 1947 Styron took an editing position with McGraw-Hill in New York City. After provoking his employers into firing him he set about writing his first novel in earnest. Three years later he published the novel Lie Down in Darkness.
 A Witch Shall Be Born is one of the original novellas by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian. It was written in only a few days in spring of 1934 and first published in Weird Tales in 1934. The story concerns a witch replacing her twin sister as queen of a city state which brings her into conflict with Conan who had been the captain of the queen's guard.
 Tales of Ten Worlds is a collection of short stories by science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke. The stories all originally appeared in a number of different publications.
 Streamers is a play by David Rabe. After premiering at the Long Wharf Theatre in New Haven Connecticut in 1975 the production transferred to Broadway opening on April 21 1976 at Lincoln Center's Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater where it ran for 478 performances. The cast included Terry Alexander as Roger Paul Rudd (born 1940) as Billy and Dorian Harewood as Carlyle with Evans Sweet and McMillian reprising their Long Wharf roles. Later in the run Mark Metcalf replaced Rudd as Billy.
 The C Programming Language (sometimes referred to as K&R after its authors' initials) is a well-known computer programming book written by Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie the latter of whom originally designed and implemented the language as well as co-designed the Unix operating system with which development of the language was closely intertwined. The book was central to the development and popularization of the C programming language and is still widely read and used today.
 Once an Eagle (1968) is a war novel by American author Anton Myrer. A #1 New York Times Bestseller Once an Eagle has been a favorite of American military men and women since its writing. The novel tells the story of Sam Damon career Army officer from his initial enlistment to his rise to general officer rank. Myrer wrote his novel to warn against ambition without principle and the military-industrial complex. Sam Damon and Courtney Massengale are the vehicles for this warning.
 A Girl A Man and a River (1957) is a mystery story by John and Ward Hawkins was originally written as a seven part serial in the Saturday Evening Post published in issues from January 21 1956 until March 3 1956. It was later published as a hardcover book The Floods of Fear by Dodd Mead/Penguin Putnam in 1956.It was published as Popular Library #824 in 1957.
 Aggie Mack was a newspaper comic strip about a teenage girl. Created by Hal Rasmusson it was distributed by the Chicago Tribune Syndicate beginning in 1946. It had a 26-year run with a title change to Aggie during the final six years. The central figure was a blonde named Aggie (a nickname based on her first name Agnes). Aggie was raised by her father's second wife who favored her own daughter Mona a few years older than Aggie.
 Cruise Crazy: The Cruise Addict's Survival Guide (2007) is a humor book written by Robert Mick under the pseudonym Dr. Kruz Nutty. The book is filled with artificial advice for travelers suffering from cruise addiction. The book is intended to be humorous and does not propose viable therapies for any form of addiction. It was released by Capital Books on November 15 2007.
 Beautiful Redemption is a 2012 young adult novel by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl and the final book in the Caster Chronicles series. The book was released on October 23 2012 by Little Brown and Company and focuses on Lena's attempts to bring Ethan back from the dead and deal with the aftermath of his death.In their 2012 Y.A./Middle-Grade Book Awards the Atlantic Wire awarded the book with the Best Conclusion award for having a beautiful powerful conclusion.
 Embassytown is a science fiction novel by British author China Miéville. It was published in the UK by Pan Macmillan on 6 May 2011 and in the US by Del Rey Books on 17 May 2011. A limited edition was released by Subterranean Press. The plot of the novel surrounds the town of Embassytown the native alien residents known as Ariekei their Language and the human interaction with them. The novel was well reviewed and won the 2012 Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
 Walking Brooklyn: 30 Tours Exploring Historical Legacies Neighborhood Culture Side Streets and Waterways is a book by Adrienne Onofri. It was published in June 2007 by Wilderness Press as one of the first titles in their urban trekking series.Walking Brooklyn consists of 30 chapters each providing a walking tour of a Brooklyn area.
 The Mid-North Monitor is a Canadian weekly newspaper published in Espanola Ontario. The newspaper has a readership circulation of just under 2400 copies weekly.
 Disappearance Diary (失踪日記 Shissō Nikki) is a manga by Hideo Azuma and published by East Press in Japan in March 2005. The manga is a somewhat-fictionalized autobiography of part of the author's life and of his alcohol dependency problems. It has received multiple awards inside and outside of Japan. In addition to being published in Japan this book has been licensed and published in English French Spanish German and Polish.
 Tom Tom Magazine is a quarterly print magazine and website based out of New York City. It was founded in 2009 by Mindy Abovitz who currently serves as editor-in-chief. It is the only magazine in the world that is dedicated to female drummers.
 The Schoolgirls' Own was a British weekly story paper aimed at girls. Published by Amalgamated Press it was launched in February 1921 and ran for 798 issues until May 1936 when it was merged with The Schoolgirl.The main feature centred around Morcove School a high class girls' boarding school for the daughters of the aristocratic and the rich although the school did also accept some pupils from working-class backgrounds.
 Ulenspiegel was a bi-weekly German satirical magazine published in Berlin after World War II. The magazine was an important cultural outlet in the new era of democracy and freedom following the fall of the Third Reich its first issue appearing on December 24 1945. The publishers were Herbert Sandberg and Günther Weisenborn; editors included Wolfgang Weyrauch with Karl Schnog becoming editor-in-chief in 1947.
 Kyoto Journal is a non-profit English-language quarterly magazine based in Kyoto Japan. Its subtitle Perspectives from Asia reflects its commitment to local voices from all over Asia and ideas that illuminate cultural differences in a positive way that promote intercultural understanding via specifics not generalities. In addition to its four main editors the magazine is staffed by a team of interns and over 30 contributing editors spread throughout Asia.
 At All Costs is American author David Weber's eleventh Honor Harrington novel first published in 2005.
 The Good Universities Guide is the comprehensive and independent information source about tertiary education pathways including undergraduate courses postgraduate courses and career options in Australia.
 Gloriously Bright is a story by Orson Scott Card set in his Ender's Game universe. It tells the story of Han Qing-jao and Si Wang-mu as they interact with Jane the gods of Path the Starways Congress and the knowledge of OCD. It appears in the January 1991 issue of Analog Science Fiction and Fact.
 Shotgun News is an American shooting and firearms interest publication owned by InterMedia Outdoors. By page count the magazine consists predominantly of advertisements similar to fashion magazines such as Vogue. Generally speaking Shotgun News' format contains a featured review a historical or handgun-related article an article on amateur gunsmithing and columns by Clayton Cramer Chris Knox Jeff Knox and Vin Suprynowicz.
 Illegal Citizens is a book by American writer Afdhere Jama. and published in 2008 by Salaam Press.The book (full title Illegal Citizens: Queer Lives in the Muslim World and is about the lives of 33 people in 22 countries. Countries whose citizens are profiled include Nigeria Egypt Saudi Arabia Israel Iran India Indonesia Turkey Bosnia and others.
 Transworld Snowboarding is an American magazine focused on the snowboarding culture. It is published 10 times a year and features the sport culture and lifestyle of modern snowboarding.
 The Meeting at Telgte (German: Das Treffen in Telgte) is a 1979 novel by the West German writer Günter Grass. The narrative revolves around a fictional meeting for intellectuals hosted by Simon Dach after the Thirty Years' War. The story is an analogy for the post-World War II Group 47 of which Grass was a member.
 Blake is a monologue by Elliot Hayes. It is based on the life of the English poet William Blake and infused with poetry from Blake’s Songs of Innocence and Experience. Performances include: The Writers' Theater (1996) The 1983 Stratford Festival of Canada↑ ↑
 The Plague Dogs is the third novel by Richard Adams author of Watership Down about two dogs who escape an animal testing facility and are subsequently pursued by both the government and the media. It was first published in 1977 and features a few location maps drawn by Alfred Wainwright a fellwalker and author.
 The Oasis 1949 is a short novel by American writer Mary McCarthy. It is a about the failure of a utopian community of idealistic intellectuals.
 Igraine the Brave is a fantasy novel written by Cornelia Funke. It was released on October 1 2007 published by The Chicken House. Originally written in German it was translated by Anthea Bell.
 The Union is a daily newspaper serving Grass Valley and Nevada County California. The Union provides news coverage of the local and regional level. Sections include news sports opinion entertainment and more. It has a daily print circulation of over 14000 copies. As a local newspaper most readers live in Nevada County area. The Union also publishes an online edition. Sixty-five people work for the newspaper.
 The Ramona Outdoor Play formerly known as (and still commonly called) the Ramona Pageant is an outdoor play staged annually at Hemet California since 1923. The script is adapted from the 1884 novel Ramona by Helen Hunt Jackson. It is held over three consecutive weekends in April and May in the Ramona Bowl a natural amphitheater in the foothills above Hemet in Riverside County. The production features cast of more than 300 made up largely of local residents and amateur actors.
 A. Bizarro is the title of a four-issue comic book limited series published by DC Comics in 1999 and the name of the lead character of that series. The creators included writer Steve Gerber penciller M. D. Bright inker Greg Adams colorist Tom Ziuko with separations by Digital Chameleon letterer Steve Dutro and editor Joey Cavalieri. It features characters from the Superman family of titles.
 Jack-in-the-Box is a short story by American author Ray Bradbury first published as part of the 1947 short story collection Dark Carnival. It was later collected in the magazine Avon Fantasy Reader and the anthologies Interplanet7: Fantascienza The Small Assassin Ghostly and Ghastly and The Stories of Ray Bradbury.
 The Page News and Courier is Page County Virginia’s largest general circulation newspaper and provides coverage of local and regional news events issues people and industries. The newspaper was founded in Luray Virginia in 1911 by a merger between The Page News (established in 1881) and The Page Valley Courier (established March 1867). The Page News and Courier is one of a number of newspapers owned by the Byrd Family.
 The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women is a book written by Tristan Taormino. The first edition of the book was published in 1997 with a second edition in 2006. This book was the winner of a Firecracker Book Award and was also named Amazon.com's #1 Bestseller in Women's Sex Instruction in 1998. In 1999 Taormino co-directed a movie based on the book Tristan Taormino's Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women.
 Spectrum is the official publication of Adventist Forums and a non-official publication of the Adventist church published four times a year. It was established to encourage Seventh-day Adventist participation in the discussion of contemporary issues from a Christian viewpoint to look without prejudice at all sides of a subject to evaluate the merits of diverse views and to foster intellectual and cultural growth. It presents a highly liberal theological point of view.
 Nagi-Asu: A Lull in the Sea known in Japan as Nagi no Asukara (凪のあすから lit. From The Calm Tomorrow) is a 2013 Japanese anime television series produced by P.A. Works. The series centers around five middle school friends: the indecisive crybaby Manaka Mukaido; Hikari Sakishima Chisaki Hiradaira Kaname Isaki who have looked after Manaka since they were children; and Tsumugu Kihara their new friend from the surface.
 Record Mirror was a British weekly music newspaper between 1954 and 1991 for pop fans and record collectors. Launched two years after the NME it never attained the circulation of its rival.
 The Last Island: A Naturalist's Sojourn on Triangle Island is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer Alison Watt first published in September 2002 by Harbour Publishing. In the book the author chronicles her return to Triangle Island a bird sanctuary off the northern tip of Vancouver Island. Watt spent four months studying tufted puffins with her mentor Anne Vallee returning 16 years later after Vallee's death.
 Hot Gimmick (Japanese: ホットギミック Hepburn: Hotto Gimikku) is a shōjo manga by Miki Aihara that was serialized in the Japanese manga anthology Betsucomi from December 2000 to July 2005. The English release is currently published by Viz Media. In addition to the manga there are also two drama CDs and an alternate ending novel entitled Hot Gimmick S.
 Digital Fortress is a techno-thriller novel written by American author Dan Brown and published in 1998 by St. Martin's Press. The book explores the theme of government surveillance of electronically stored information on the private lives of citizens and the possible civil liberties and ethical implications using such technology.
 'L'Extase matérielle' is an essay written by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio. The book's title means Material Ecstasy in English. This essay may be advising that we should pay the utmost attention to what there is around us not to what there might be or ought to be. According to a review of 'L'Extase matérielle' the reasoning behind the essay is to accept that what there is is all there is(and to demand more is ludicrous)
 Tal: His Marvelous Adventures with Noom-Zor-Noom is a novel by Paul Fenimore Cooper illustrated by Ruth Reeves. It was first published in 1929 again in 1957 and most recently in 2001 by Purple House Press. Tal is the story of a little orphan who goes on a quest to the land of Troom with a wise story teller and his talking donkey. The book in large part consists of the stories that Noom-Zor-Noom tells Tal on their way to Troom.
 Ryo (リョウ Ryō) is a completed Japanese shōjo manga written and illustrated by Rinko Ueda starting in 1996. It has 13 volumes thus far in Japan.
 Timeless is a steampunk paranormal romance novel by Gail Carriger. Released on February 28 2012 by Orbit Books Timeless is the fifth and final book in the New York Times best-selling The Parasol Protectorate series each featuring Alexia Tarabotti a woman without a soul as its lead character.
 Betrayal is a play written by Harold Pinter in 1978.
 Prism International (styled PRISM international) is a magazine published quarterly in Vancouver British Columbia. Established in 1959 it is Western Canada's senior[citation needed] literary magazine. The focus of the magazine is contemporary fiction and poetry but it also publishes drama and creative non-fiction.The rendering of the name is idiosyncratic: PRISM is intentionally all upper-case and international is all lower case.[citation needed]
 The Mountain Meadows Massacre (1950) by Juanita Brooks was the first definitive study of the Mountain Meadows massacre.Brooks a Mormon historian trained in historical methods was discouraged from studying the incident and she suffered some ostracism from fellow Mormons after its publication. Her work was acclaimed by historians however leading to her recognition as an exemplary historian of the American West and Mormonism.
 The Cairns Post is a major News Corporation newspaper in Far North Queensland that exclusively serves the Cairns area. It has daily coverage on local state national and world news plus a wide range of sections and liftouts covering health beauty cars and lifestyle.
 C³ also known as C Cube (シーキューブ Shīkyūbu) or Cube×Cursed×Curious is a Japanese light novel series written by Hazuki Minase and illustrated by Sasorigatame about Haruaki Yachi who receives a mysterious black cube from his father. That night Haruaki is woken by a noise and finds a nude girl named Fear in his kitchen eating rice crackers. Haruaki then has to protect Fear from organizations that seek to capture or destroy her.
 The Destiny of Nathalie 'X' is the second short story collection by William Boyd published in 1995 some fourteen years after his first collection On the Yankee Station.
 FOOM (also written as F.O.O.M.) was Marvel Comics' self-produced fan magazine of the mid-1970s following the canceled Marvelmania and preceding Marvel Age. Running 22 quarterly issues (Feb. 1973 - Fall 1978) it was initially designed and edited by celebrated comic book writer-artist Jim Steranko.FOOM though spelled without periods in both indicia and cover treatments is an acronym for Friends of Ol' Marvel.
 Dnevnik (English: The Daily) is a daily newspaper published in Ljubljana Slovenia. It was first issued in June 1951 as Ljubljanski dnevnik but was renamed to Dnevnik in 1968.According to a periodic poll on printed media conducted by marketing research company Valicon Dnevnik had a reach of 147000 from second half of 2011 and first half of 2012.
 The Nelson Daily News was a daily newspaper in Nelson British Columbia closed in 2010. Its last owner was Black Press the largest publisher of weekly newspapers in British Columbia which owns the competing weekly Nelson Star.The Daily News was founded in 1902 and lasted for 109 years serving as a newspaper of record for Nelson which was said to be the smallest community in Canada with a daily newspaper.
 No Enemy But Time is a 1982 science fiction novel by Michael Bishop. It won the 1982 Nebula Award for Best Novel and was also nominated for the 1983 John W. Campbell Memorial Award. It was included in David Pringle's book Science Fiction: The 100 Best Novels.
 The Skinhead Hamlet is a short parody of the play Hamlet by Richard Curtis a co-author of Blackadder.According to the editor's note the play is intended to achieve something like the effect of the New English Bible.
 The Armenian Mirror-Spectator is a newspaper published by the Baikar Association in Watertown Massachusetts.
 Energy Procedia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It is abstracted and indexed in EI-Compendex Engineering Index and Scopus. The journal publishes conference proceedings dealing with all aspects of research on energy.
 The San Francisco Bay Times is a free weekly LGBT newspaper in San Francisco California that started as Coming Up! in October 1979. Coming Up! was billed as the gay lesbian newspaper and calendar of events for the Bay Area.In 1988 Coming Up! changed its name to San Francisco Bay Times.
 Mardock Scramble (マルドゥック・スクランブル Marudokku Sukuranburu) is the name for a series of novels by Tow Ubukata which were later adapted into a manga series and a trilogy anime film series. The story is about a girl named Rune Ballot who was taken in by a man named Shell who later tried to kill her and left her for dead. She is saved and turned into a cyborg.
 Artificial Cells Blood Substitutes and Biotechnology is an academic journal that publishes review articles on the development of artificial cells tissue engineering artificial organs blood substittues cell therapy gene and drug delivery systems bioencapsulation nanosensors nanodevices and other areas of biotechnology. It is published by Informa Healthcare.
 Ljubezni tri in ena smrt is a novel by Slovenian author Evald Flisar. It was first published in 2002.
 Fragments of Olympian Gossip is a poem that Nikola Tesla composed in the late 1920s for his friend George Sylvester Viereck an illustrious German poet and mystic.
 Broadside is the name of the student newspaper of George Mason University.
 Little House in the Big Woods is a children's novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder published in 1932.
 Brave New World is a novel written in 1931 by Aldous Huxley and published in 1932. Set in London of AD 2540 (632 A.F.—After Ford—in the book) the novel anticipates developments in reproductive technology sleep-learning psychological manipulation and classical conditioning that combine to profoundly change society.
 Alexandr v tramvaji is one of the best-known works of author Pavel Řezníček.It depicts a man named Alexandre whose job as the razorman (žiletkář) travels in a trolley and cuts women's feet with a razor he holds in his boot.
 PS The Preventive Maintenance Monthly is a monthly United States Army magazine published since June 1951 to illustrate proper preventive maintenance methods with comic book-style art. (The magazine's title derives from its being a postscript to other related publications.)
 The X-Files: Season 10 is a comic book series published by IDW Publishing starting in June of 2013. The series serves as a canonical continuation of the television series The X-Files and follows the events of the 2008 film The X-Files: I Want to Believe. The comic book series is Executive Produced by Chris Carter who created the television series; he also contributed to several elements of the comics' scripts. The main stories are written by Joe Harris.
 Scholastic Parent & Child Magazine is a magazine published by Scholastic. The award-winning magazine was founded in 1993 as Scholastic's contribution to the parenting magazine category. Competitors include Parents Parenting and FamilyFun.
 Bearing A Hourglass is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the second of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
 The Rafu Shimpo (羅府新報 Rafu Shinpō) is a Japanese-English language newspaper based in Little Tokyo Los Angeles California USA.The paper began in 1903 as a one-page mimeographed Japanese-language newspaper produced by Rippo Iijima Masaharu Yamaguchi and Seijiro Shibuya. H. T. Komai became publisher in 1922 beginning a family dynasty.
 Team Performance Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Emerald Group Publishing covering research on work-group and team performance management. The journal was established in 1995 and the editor-in-chief is Petru Curseu (Tilburg University).
 Of Time and Space and Other Things is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It was the fourth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1965.
 White Gold Wielder is the last book of the second trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson.
 Hope for the Flowers is an allegorical novel by Trina Paulus. It was first published in 1972 and reflects the idealism of the counterculture of the period. Often classed as a children's novel it is a fable or parable partly about life partly about revolution and lots about hope – for adults and others including caterpillars who can read.
 Wizard's Hall is a 1991 fantasy novel by Jane Yolen. The novel bears some story similarities to the Harry Potter series which began eight years later. However Yolen believes the similarities are coincidental.
 Empire of Silver (known as Ogedai: Empire of Silver in America) is the fourth book of the Conqueror series based on the life of Mongol warlord Genghis's son Ogedai by Conn Iggulden. It focuses mainly on the Mongol attacks on Russia the problems of succession and the building of Karakorum.
 The Globalized City: Economic Restructing and Social Polarization in European Cities is a collection of discussions and case studies of large-scale urban development projects in nine European cities. It analyzes the relation between these projects and trends such as social exclusion the emergence of new urban elites and the consolidation of less democratic forms of urban governance.
 War Heroes is a six-issue limited series from Image Comics written by Mark Millar with art by Tony Harris.Millar has said War Heroes is everything I've been leading up to with Civil War Ultimates The Authority Kick-Ass and Wanted and This is what my Ultimates 3 would have been if Bryan and I had stuck around.
 Why I Hate Abercrombie and Fitch: Essays on Race and Sexuality is a book regarding ethno-relational mores in contemporary gay African America with a nod to black feminist and queer cultural contexts dedicated to integrating sexuality and race into black and queer studies. It is written by Dwight A. McBride the new dean of the Graduate School at Northwestern University where he served as Chair of the Department of African American Studies from 2002-2007.
 Tribal Leadership: Leveraging Natural Groups to Build a Thriving Organization is a #1 New York Times Bestseller book by Dave Logan John King and Halee Fischer-Wright that describes the results of an organizational research study. The authors found that corporate leaders could use the groups within their companies to maximize corporate productivity and profit. The book suggests that learning how those groups communicate is the key to understanding how the company operates.
 Confessions of Felix Krull is an unfinished 1954 novel by the German author Thomas Mann. It is a parody of Goethe's autobiography Poetry and Truth particularly in its pompous tone. The original title is Bekenntnisse des Hochstaplers Felix Krull. Der Memoiren erster Teil translated a year later in English as Confessions of Felix Krull Confidence Man: The Early Years.Originally the character of Felix Krull appeared in a short story written in 1911.
 Poems is the second of two collections of poetry by crime writer Agatha Christie the first being The Road of Dreams in January 1925.
 From Eternity to Here is a book in which physicist Sean Carroll attempts to address the question of what time is and what processes make it come into existence.
 The Mismeasure of Man is a 1981 book by Harvard evolutionary biologist paleontologist and historian of science Stephen Jay Gould.
 Hurricane Punch is a novel by Tim Dorsey published in 2007. It follows overly zealous serial killer Serge A. Storms who is tracking hurricanes all over Florida.
 Lraber Hasarakakan Gitutyunneri (Armenian: Լրաբեր հասարակական գիտությունների Bulletin/Review of Social Sciences) is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Armenian Academy of Sciences covering Armenian studies.
 Microscopy Research and Technique is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all areas of advanced microscopy in the biological clinical chemical and materials science fields. The journal's title changed from Journal of Electron Microscopy Technique in 1992.
 La Double Inconstance is a three-act romantic comedy by French playwright Marivaux. Its title is usually translated into English as The Double Inconstancy. La Double Inconstance was first performed 6 April 1723 by the Comédie Italienne. In this play a young woman is kidnapped from her lover by the prince of the country who loves her and intends to marry her.
 The Louisiana Weekly is a weekly newspaper published in New Orleans Louisiana United States. It covers topics of interest to the African American community especially in the New Orleans area and south Louisiana. It has a circulation of 5854.The Louisiana Weekly was established by the C.C. Dejoie family in 1925.
 To Be the Man is an autobiographical book written by professional wrestler Ric Flair and Keith Elliot Greenberg and edited by Mark Madden. It was published by WWE Books and distributed by Simon & Schuster in July 2004. The book's title was taken from Flair's famous catchphrase: To be the man you gotta beat the man!To Be the Man reached No. 5 on the hardback nonfiction New York Times Best Seller list. It reached No. 10 for nonfiction best-sellers in Publishers Weekly.
 ASIAN Geographic is a geographic magazine that focuses mainly on stories about Asia. Its motto is “Asia Without Borders”. First published in 1999 it contains articles on geography culture heritage society environment exploration conservation and art. As of May 2008 the magazine has a readership of over 300000 across 44 countries.
 Konbaung Set Maha Yazawindawgyi (Burmese: ကုန်းဘောင်ဆက် ရာဇဝင်တော်ကြီး pronounced: [kóʊɴbàʊɴ zɛʔ məhà jàzəwɪ̀ɴdɔ̀dʑí]; lit. the Chronicle of Konbaung Dynasty) is the last and unofficial royal chronicle of Burma (Myanmar) covering the Konbaung Dynasty (1752–1885).
 A Medicine for Melancholy (1959) is a collection of short stories by Ray Bradbury. It was first published in the UK by Hart-Davis in 1959 as The Day It Rained Forever with a slightly different list of stories.
 Rim: A Novel of Virtual Reality often shortened to Rim (1994) was Alexander Besher's first novel.
 The Red City (1909) is a historical novel by the American writer Silas Weir Mitchell. The novel is set in Philadelphia in the 1790s during the second term of George Washington's Presidency when the city served as the temporary capital of the United States. Its general theme is of the city's greatness during this era.
 The Algemeen Dagblad (short: AD) is a Dutch newspaper. Founded in Rotterdam in 1946 it currently has a daily circulation of 315000. The newspaper is owned by AD NieuwsMedia a joint venture between Wegener and PCM Uitgevers.In September 2005 the company merged with several regional newspapers. The regional newspapers disappeared and instead the AD now includes a regional supplement in the districts previously served by these regional papers.
 The Way of All Flesh (1903) is a semi-autobiographical novel by Samuel Butler that attacks Victorian-era hypocrisy. Written between 1873 and 1884 it traces four generations of the Pontifex family. Butler dared not publish it during his lifetime but when it was published it was accepted as part of the general reaction against Victorianism.In 1998 the Modern Library ranked The Way of All Flesh twelfth on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century
 Plugged In was a monthly magazine published by Focus on the Family. Its print version was discontinued and now it survives as a web site Plugged In Online.Plugged In reviewed movies music general media and pop cultural issues from a conservative Christian perspective. A religious counterpart to magazines such as Entertainment Weekly and Teen People; their reviews focused on evaluating the morals of movies as well as their family-friendliness.
 Alive: The Final Evolution (アライブ -最終 進化的 少年- Araibu - Saishū Shinkateki Shōnen) is a manga series written by Tadashi Kawashima and illustrated by Adachitoka. The series premiered in Monthly Shōnen Magazine in October 2003. Tadashi finished the series on his sickbed in February 2010 and the final chapter was published in the March issue of the Monthly Shōnen Magazine although he died soon after. The chapters were later collected by Kodansha and released in 21 tankōbon bound volumes.
 For the pipevine see Aristolochia longa.Sarrasine is a novella written by Honoré de Balzac. It was published in 1830 and is part of his Comédie Humaine.
 An Incident at Krechetovka Station (Russian: Случай на станции Кочетовка) is a novella written by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and published in the Russian magazine Novy Mir in 1963. It is the only work of prose written by the author that is set in World War II. In later editions of the novella the author changed the name of the station to Kochetovka where the incident took place.
 Hypnos is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft penned in March 1922 and first published in the May 1923 issue of National Amateur.
 The Comparative and International Law Journal of Southern Africa is a peer-reviewed law journal published by the Institute of Foreign and Comparative Law University of South Africa.
 Horns is a 2010 dark fantasy novel by Joe Hill and is the author's second published novel. The novel also incorporates elements of contemporary fantasy crime fiction and Gothic fiction. It employs the third-person omniscient nonlinear narrative in telling the story of Ig Perrish who—in the aftermath of his girlfriend Merrin Williams' mysterious rape and murder—awakes one morning to find horns growing from his head and diabolical powers at his command.
 La Llumanera de Nova York was a monthly illustrated publication which had very good content and presentation quality edited in Catalan in New York by writer Artur Cuyàs i Armengol and illustrated by Felip Cusachs in a delicate moment for the relationship between Spain and Cuba and the puissance of the Catalan Renaixença. 73 issues were published from November 1874 to May 1881.
 Phlebology The Journal of Venous Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on venous disease. It is an official journal of the American College of Phlebology the Australasian College of Phlebology the Venous Forum of the Royal Society of Medicine the European Venous Forum and the Benelux Society. The editor-in-chief is Alun Davies.
 Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion is a book by Neil Gaiman about Douglas Adams and The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. The book was originally published in January 1988 in the United States and United Kingdom (ISBN 1-85286-013-8).A second edition retitled Don't Panic: Douglas Adams & The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy was published in the United Kingdom in July 1993 containing additional material by David K.
 Professional Builder is a trade publication and web site serving the information needs of the housing and light construction marketplace.Established in 1936 Professional Builder magazine is published monthly with two additional issues in the fall (usually mid September or October) and December. The fall issue is called the Builder's Own Issue which provides a look at the homes that builders build for themselves and the products they have chosen.
 The Road to Mecca is a play by South African playwright Athol Fugard. It was inspired by the story of Helen Martins who lived in Nieu-Bethesda Eastern Cape South Africa and created The Owl House which is now a provincial heritage site.The play was first performed at the National Theatre in London and then moved to the Spoleto Festival USA in 1987 starring Athol Fugard as the Rev. Marius Byleveld Charlotte Cornwell as Elsa Barlow and Yvonne Bryceland as Miss Helen.
 To Heart 2 (トゥハート２ Tu Hāto 2) stylized as ToHeart2 is a Japanese romance visual novel developed by Leaf and published by Aquaplus. It was first released for the PlayStation 2 on December 28 2004 as an all-ages title and was followed by an adult version playable on Microsoft Windows and subsequent all-ages versions for the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3.
 The Captain of Köpenick (German: Der Hauptmann von Köpenick) is a satirical play by the German dramatist Carl Zuckmayer. First produced in 1931 the play tells the story based on a true event that happened in 1906 of a down-on-his-luck ex-convict shoemaker (Wilhelm Voigt) who impersonates a Prussian Guards officer holds the mayor of a small town to ransom and successfully confiscates the town's treasury claiming that he has done so in the name of the Kaiser.
 Matters Of The Heart is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in June 2009. The book is Steel's seventy-eighth novel.
 Swing Brother Swing is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the fifteenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1949. The plot concerns the murder of a big band leader in London; the novel was published as A Wreath for Rivera in the United States.
 The Financial Mirror is the top-selling daily business newspaper in Cyprus. The main paper is published in English but a supplement in Greek (called Chrima & Agora Xρήμα & Aγορά) is also included.The paper claims to have the most visited website in Cyprus.
 Kannazuki no Miko (神無月の巫女 literally Priestesses of the Godless Month) is a yuri manga series created by Kaishaku. The series centering on the relationship between main characters Himeko and Chikane also has elements of magical girl and mecha themes in its plot. The 14-chapter series was serialized by Kadokawa Shoten in the two-volume Shōnen Ace from 2004 to 2005.The series was adapted into a 12-episode anime by TNK which aired in Japan from October to December 2004.
 Metahistory: The Historical Imagination in 19th-century Europe is a historiography book by Hayden White first published in 1973.On the second page of his Introduction White stated:My own analysis of the deep structure of the historical imagination of Nineteenth century Europe is intended to provide a new perspective on the current debate over the nature and function of historical knowledge. The theoretical framework is outlined in the first 50 pages of the book which considers in detail eight major figures of 19th-century history and philosophy of history. 
 A Man Called Horse by Dorothy M. Johnson was originally published as a short story in Collier's magazine January 7 1950 and was reprinted in 1968 as a short story in her book Indian Country. It was later made into a Wagon Train episode in 1958 and into a film in 1970 with Richard Harris in the lead role as John Morgan and Manu Tupou as Yellow Hand.
 Analecta Hibernica is the official academic journal of the Irish Manuscripts Commission carrying reports on the commission's work and publishing shorter manuscripts. It was established in 1930 and is edited by James Kelly.
 The Clay Marble is a 1991 children's novel by Minfong Ho. It is set in war-torn Cambodia after the fall of the Khmer Rouge in the early 1980s. It is about a girl named Dara and her friend Jantu and illustrates the struggles they face. It also shows how brave a girl can be and all the effects and sufferings of the war.12-year-old Dara her older brother Sarun and their mother journey to the Thai border in search of food.
 The Clare People is an Irish weekly regional newspaper founded in 2006. It is published every Tuesday and sold mainly in County Clare.The newspaper's headquarters are located in Ennis Co Clare. The paper focuses on Co Clare and covers local news and sport.The newspaper sells in excess of 8000 copies weekly.[citation needed] It has won regional newspaper awards for both its journalists and design.[citation needed]
 Speakeasy Dollhouse is a series of immersive plays based on Cynthia von Buhler's investigations of mysterious deaths in site-specific historic locations. Original funding for the project was obtained via Kickstarter in 2011. The plays are currently produced by Stageworks Media. The Bloody Beginning has been running continuously in New York City since 2011. The Brothers Booth opens in March 2014. Von Buhler is writing additional plays to be staged in major cities all over the world.
 East European Politics and Societies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of political science especially concerning international relations of Eastern Europe. The journal's editors-in-chief are Ivo Banac (Yale University) and Irena Grudzinska-Gross (Princeton University). It was established in 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the American Council of Learned Societies and the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies.
 The Man Who Wouldn't Stand Up is a 2012 novel by the American writer Jacob M. Appel. It won the Dundee International Book Prize the largest monetary British Prize for first novels in 2012 and was published by Cargo Publishing. The judges included Philip Pullman and Stephen Fry.Charlotte Runcie described the book as reminiscent of DBC Pierre’s Booker Prize winner Vernon God Little with a splash of Kafka for good measure.
 Lig Sinn i gCathú (Irish: Lead us into temptation) is a novel by the Irish writer Breandán Ó hEithir. The story is set in the university town of Baile an Chaisil a thinly disguised Galway City in 1949 the year Ireland declared itself a republic and withdrew from the British Commonwealth. Máirtín Ó Mealóid a pub-crawling university student and his disreputable friends are too busy drinking and lusting after girls to pay much attention to this significant political development.
 WineMaker Magazine is an American Magazine particularly concerned with the process of Home winemaking. The magazine is published six times annually from offices in Manchester Village Vermont. WineMaker was launched in 1999 and each issue includes wine recipes how-to projects and advice columns.
 Hacking Matter is a 2003 book by Wil McCarthy. It deals with programmable matter (like colloidal films bulk crystals and quantum dots) that he predicts will someday be able mimic the properties of any natural atom and ultimately also non-natural atoms. McCarthy predicts that programmable matter will someday change our lives as much as any invention ever has.
 The Widows of Eastwick is the final novel by John Updike author of the Pulitzer-prize winning Rabbit series. First published in 2008 it is a sequel to his novel The Witches of Eastwick.
 The Promised Land (orig. Polish: Ziemia Obiecana) is an 1898 novel by the Polish author and Nobel laureate Władysław Reymont; first published in Warsaw (Congress Poland) under foreign partitions of the country. It is considered one of his most important works after the prize-winning folk-epic Chłopi.
 Assabeel (Arabic: السبيل‎) (The Path in English) is an Arabic weekly newspaper in Amman Jordan. The paper was described by a leaked US cable as an Islamist publication.
 Song and Dance Man is a children's picture book written by Karen Ackerman and illustrated by Stephen Gammell. Published in 1988 the book is about a grandfather who tells his grandchildren about his adventures on the stage. Gammell won the 1989 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations.
 Nawan Zamana is a Punjabi language daily newspaper owned by Arjan Singh Gargaj Foundation publishes in the East Punjab (India). It was launched on 21 February 1970 and became online on the internet as an online newspaper in 2002 and in 2004 print.
 The Telling is a 2000 science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin set in her fictional universe of Hainish Cycle. The Telling is Le Guin's first follow-up novel set in the Hainish Cycle since her 1974 novel The Dispossessed.
 Bone Black: Memories of Girlhood (Holt 1996) is a memoir by bell hooks. It details her childhood experiences as a poor African American girl growing up against a background of racial segregation.
 Kyzyl Tan (Tatar: Кызыл таң lit. Red Dawn) is a Tatar language newspaper published in Bashkortostan.It was granted the Order of the Red Banner of Labour in 1968.Previous names: 1918-1924: Башкортстан (Bashkiria) 1924-1930: Яңа авыл (New Village) 1930-1941: Коммуна (Commune)Publication suspended during the Great Patriotic War; it restarted on 12 March 1944 under the current name.
 The Atlanta Daily World is the oldest black newspaper in Atlanta Georgia. It was the Southern United States' most influential daily newspaper in the 20th century. Currently owned by Real Times Inc. it publishes daily online and weekly in print.
 The Journal of Knot Theory and Its Ramifications was established in 1992 by Louis Kauffman and was the first journal purely devoted to knot theory. It is an interdisciplinary journal covering developments in knot theory with emphasis on creating connections between with other branches of mathematics and the natural sciences. The journal is published by World Scientific.
 The Encyclopedia of China (Chinese: 中国大百科全书; pinyin: Zhōngguó Dà Bǎikē Quánshū; literally China Great Encyclopedia) is the first large-entry modern encyclopedia in the Chinese language. The compilation began in 1978. Published by the Encyclopedia of China Publishing House the encyclopedia was issued one volume at a time beginning in 1980 with a volume on astronomy; the final volume was completed in 1993. It comprised 74 volumes with more than 80000 entries.
 Burr (1973) by Gore Vidal is a historical novel challenging the traditional iconography of United States history via narrative and a fictional memoir of Aaron Burr. Burr was variously the third US vice president a US Army officer in and combat veteran of the Revolutionary War a lawyer and a U.S. senator from New York. In an 1804 duel while still vice president Burr killed Alexander Hamilton who had been the first US Treasury Secretary.
 Creative Nonfiction is a literary magazine based in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. The journal was founded by Lee Gutkind in 1993 making it the first literary magazine to publish exclusively and on a regular basis high quality nonfiction prose. In Spring 2010 Creative Nonfiction evolved from journal to magazine format with the addition of new sections such as writer profiles essays on the craft of writing as well as updates on developments in the literary non-fiction scene.
 The Gift of Asher Lev is a novel by Chaim Potok published in 1990. It is a sequel to Potok's novel My Name is Asher Lev (1972).
 Werner Erhard: The Transformation of a Man The Founding of est is a biography of Werner Erhard by philosophy professor William Warren Bartley III. The book was published in 1978 by Clarkson Potter. Bartley was professor of philosophy at California State University and had studied with philosopher Karl Popper. He was the author of several books on philosophy including a biography about Ludwig Wittgenstein.
 Financial Engineering News (FEN) was a bimonthly print and digital magazine publication of financial engineering-related news. A biweekly email newsletter Financial Engineering Today was also published. Financial Engineering News was established in late 1996 by Dr. Jim Clark and published by Stonebridge Center Publishers Issaquah WA through the year 2000. FEN was acquired in 2001 by Jim Finnegan CFA and was owned by Cusp Communications Group.
 The Hidden Prince of Oz is a novel written by Gina Wickwar and illustrated by Anna-Maria Cool. As its title indicates the book is an entrant into the series of Oz books by L. Frank Baum and his many successors.
 Das Taublatt is a triannual German-language periodical and the official publication of Gesellschaft für fleischfressende Pflanzen im deutschsprachigen Raum a carnivorous plant society based in Germany. Typical articles include matters of horticultural interest field reports and new taxon descriptions. The journal was established in 1984. It publishes in full colour on glossy paper with each issue numbering around 52 pages.
 Briefings in Bioinformatics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering bioinformatics including reviews of databases and analytical tools for genetics and molecular biology. It is published by Oxford University Press.The EMBnet community was initially involved in the creation of the journal. BiB was also supported by an educational grant from EMBnet.
 The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian is the 1951 autobiography of Nirad C. Chaudhuri an Indian writer. Wrote when he was around 50 it records his life from his birth in 1897 in Kishorganj a small town in present-day Bangladesh.
 Don's Party is a 1971 play by David Williamson set during the 1969 Australian federal election. It is published by Currency Press. The film based on the play was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
 God's Stuff is a Christian cartoon series created by Titane Laurent in Wellington New Zealand in 1997.
 The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey is a bestselling children's novel written by Trenton Lee Stewart and illustrated by Diana Sudyka published in 2008. It is the second book in the series following The Mysterious Benedict Society.
 The Parrot Who Met Papa is a collection of two short stories bound dos-à-dos. The first story is The Parrot Who Met Papa by Ray Bradbury. The other The Parrot Who Met Papa (concluded) is by David Aronovitz who also published the book. The Bradbury story first appeared in the magazine Playboy in 1972.
 Healing Words: Poetry and Medicine is a sixty-minute documentary (ISBN 978-0-7936-9468-6) filmed in 2008 primarily at Shands at the University of Florida. The production portrays individuals in personal quest to recover psychologically and physically from illnesses that have dramatically changed their lives. This film validates expressive art in medical settings can build doctor-patient relationships and be a supportive companion in the healing process.
 The Max Planck Encyclopedia of Public International Law (MPEPIL) is an online encyclopedia dealing with international law. It is published under the auspices of Professor Rüdiger Wolfrum Director of the Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law. The initiative to compile the MPEPIL began in 2004 and the online version launched in September 2008.
 Washington's Spies: The Story of America's First Spy Ring (2007) is an history book based on the stories of four real-life childhood friends who formed a spy ring that affected the course of the Revolutionary War. It was written by Alexander Rose.
 Fourth Mansions is a heraldic fantasy novel by American author R. A. Lafferty first published as an Ace Science Fiction Special in 1969. A UK hardcover was issued by Dennis Dobson in 1972 with a Star Books paperback following in 1977. A French translation appeared in 1973. American reprint editions were later issued by Bart Books and by Wildside Press.Fourth Mansions was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1970 and placed fifth in the Locus Poll for best novel in the same year.
 European Management Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the European Academy of Management. The journal covers a broad range of management topics publishing both empirical and theoretical articles on organization theory strategic management corporate governance human resource management and managerial economics focusing on European management issues. The current editor-in-chief is Alfonso Gambardella (Bocconi University).
 Elbow Room: The Varieties of Free Will Worth Wanting (1984) is a book by the American philosopher Daniel Dennett which discusses the philosophical issues of free will and determinism.In 1983 Dennett delivered the John Locke Lectures at Oxford on the topic of free will. In 1984 these ideas were published in the book Elbow Room: The Varieties of Free Will Worth Wanting. In this book Daniel Dennett explored what it means for people to have free will.
 Now They Call Me Infidel: Why I Renounced Jihad for America Israel and the War on Terror is a best-selling book authored by human rights activist Nonie Darwish. First published by Sentinel in 2006 the book discusses —among other topics—Darwish's change in attitude toward Jews and Israelis Islamic extremism in the United States and Darwish's trip to Israel.
 Acta Biochimica et Biophysica Sinica (ABBS) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal which publishes original research articles short communications and reviews in the fields of biochemistry and biophysics. Established in 1958 the journal is sponsored by the Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology an institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and is published monthly by Oxford Journals and was published by Blackwell Publishing prior to January 2009.
 Franny and Zooey is a book by American author J. D. Salinger which comprises his short story Franny and novella Zooey /ˈzoʊ.iː/. The two works were published together as a book in 1961 having originally appeared in The New Yorker in 1955 and 1957 respectively.
 Issues in Science and Religion is a book by Ian Barbour. A biography provided by the John Templeton Foundation and published by PBS online states this book has been credited with literally creating the contemporary field of science and religion.
 The Coffin Dancer is a 1998 novel by Jeffery Deaver.The book features his regular character Lincoln Rhyme a quadriplegic detective.
 Because of the complexity and sophistication of its narrative structure H.G. Wells's A Modern Utopia (1905) has been called not so much a modern as a postmodern utopia. The novel is best known for its notion that a voluntary order of nobility known as the Samurai could effectively rule a kinetic and not static world state so as to solve the problem of combining progress with political stability.
 Science Fiction World (Sci-Fi World; SFW) (科幻世界) began in 1979 is a monthly science fiction magazine published in the People's Republic of China headquartered in Chengdu Sichuan.
 Uncle's Dream (Russian: Дядюшкин сон Dyadushkin son) is an 1859 novella by Russian writer Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
 Technical Error is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke. It was published in 1950 under the title The Reversed Man and appeared again in Clarke's collection of short stories Reach for Tomorrow in 1956.
 Hush Little Baby is a novel written for teenagers by Caroline B. Cooney. It was published in 1998.
 Nikkan Sports (日刊スポーツ Nikkan Supōtsu) is the first-launched Japanese daily sports newspaper founded in 1946.It has a circulation of 1965000 and is an affiliate newspaper of Asahi Shimbun.
 The Venetial Betrayal is Steve Berry's sixth novel and is the third to feature the former U.S. Justice Department operative turn Antiquarian book dealer Cotton Malone.
 Transfusion is a science fiction short story by Chad Oliver first published in Astounding Science Fiction in June 1959. Like many of his stories it puts the author's own profession of anthropology into a science fiction context. In this case the addition of time travel theoretically enables the scientists to observe primitive humans in the past. The results however are unexpected.
 The Bedwetter: Stories of Courage Redemption and Pee is a memoir by actress and comedian Sarah Silverman published in 2010. It was a New York Times Best Seller.
 The Seven Sins: The Tyrant Ascending tells the story of Michael Tiranno (Tiranno is the Italian for “tyrant”) through the story of his harsh childhood in Sicily to his meteoric and unconventional rise in Las Vegas to the creation of an American Empire.The book published in 2008 is the first in a series and was written by Jon Land author of over 25 novels.
 De Tijd was a Dutch language Catholic daily newspaper published from 1845 until 1974. At the end of pillarisation (religious segregation) the number of subscribers diminished drastically and the daily became a weekly in 1974. In 1990 it merged with the Haagse Post weekly to become the HP/De Tijd.
 British Journal of Educational Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society. The journal was established in 1931.
 Fat Cat (2009) is a young adult novel by Robin Brande.
 Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage is a 2010 book written by Elizabeth Gilbert as a follow up book to her book Eat Pray Love. It was published on January 5 2010 by Viking.
 OutWrite is University of California Los Angeles' lesbian gay bisexual transgender (LGBT) intersex queer pan-sexual fluid and ally newsmagazine. OutWrite formerly called TenPercent was established in 1979 and was the first LGBT collegiate newsmagazine in the nation.OutWrite provides coverage of political and social issues and events that occur in the LGBT community at UCLA and beyond.[citation needed]OutWrite was started by Clay Doyle a UCLA student.
 The Yuma Sun is a newspaper in Yuma Arizona USA. It has a circulation of 18799.
 A Beautiful Blue Death by Charles Finch is the first novel in a series of mysteries featuring Victorian gentleman and amateur detective Charles Lenox.
 Incorruptible is an American comic book series written by Mark Waid and published by Boom! Studios. The series follows former supervillain Max Damage in his quest to become a superhero. The book is a spin-off of another Waid comic Irredeemable which follows the transformation of a superhero into a supervillain. Incorruptible #1 was published on December 16 2009 and the series ended in May 2012 after thirty issues.
 What We Believe But Cannot Prove: Today's Leading Thinkers on Science in the Age of Certainty is a non-fiction book edited by literary agent John Brockman with an introduction by novelist Ian McEwan and published by Harper Perennial. The book consists of various responses to a question posed by the Edge Foundation with answers as short as one sentence or as long as a few pages. Among the 107 published contributors are such notable scientists and philosophers as Richard Dawkins Daniel C.
 Counsel is the monthly Journal of the Bar of England and Wales. As the Bar Council's own magazine it is largely written by and for barrister.It issues facing the Bar and legal system in addition to profiles conference reports personal finance arts reviews chambers' announcements and the 'agony uncle' column for lighter moments.
 The Michigan Telecommunications and Technology Law Review (MTTLR) is a scholarly technology law journal at the University of Michigan Law School.
 Fitoterapia is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the use of medicinal plants and bioactive natural products of plant origin in pharmacotherapy.
 Have Space Suit—Will Travel is a science fiction novel for young readers by Robert A. Heinlein originally serialised in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction (August September October 1958) and published by Scribner's in hardcover in 1958.
 The Des Moines Tribune was a daily afternoon newspaper published in Des Moines Iowa. It was founded in 1906 and purchased in 1908 by the Cowles family which owned the Des Moines Register. The newspapers shared production and business operations but maintained separate editorial staffs which often behaved as rivals and competitors. The newspaper ceased publication in 1982.
 Sycamore Row is a novel by John Grisham. It is a direct sequel to his first novel A Time to Kill and again features Jake Brigance as the main character. It was released on October 22 2013.
 The Jazz Theory Book is an influential jazz theory book by Mark Levine first published in 1995. The book is a staple in jazz theory and the most comprehensive study of jazz harmony and theory ever published and contains a wide range of jazz concepts from melodic minor scales and whole tone scale to bebop scales diminished scales and Coltrane reharmonization. Levine assumes that the reader can read music in over 750 musical examples.
 Parapsychology: Frontier Science of the Mind is a book by Joseph Banks Rhine and Joseph Gaither Pratt originally published in 1957. It is a textbook and reference work which provides an introduction to the field of parapsychology which discusses methods for testing tables for evaluation reading lists and other research aids.Parapsychology: Frontier Science of the Mind has been reviewed in The Philosophical Review Philosophy East and West and the Southern Medical Journal.
 The Wrong Box is a black comedy novel co-written by Robert Louis Stevenson and Lloyd Osbourne first published in 1889. The story is about two brothers who are the last two surviving members of a tontine.The book is notable for being the first of three novels that Stevenson co-wrote with Osbourne who was his stepson. The others were The Wrecker (1892) and The Ebb-Tide (1894).
 Christmas Eve at Friday Harbor is a contemporary romance by Lisa Kleypas published in 2010. It is the first novel in her Friday Harbor series which features the Nolan family.
 The Daily Chronicle is the regional newspaper for the Horowhenua and the northern part of the Kapiti districts encompassing Foxton Shannon Levin Manakau and Otaki. On Wednesdays it is delivered free to every home in the Horowhenua region.On weekdays it is published in the evenings however on Saturday it is a morning paper.
 Behind the Scenes at the Museum is the first novel of British novelist Kate Atkinson. The book covers the experiences of Ruby Lennox a girl from a middle-class English family living in York.
 The Gate of Time is an alternate history novel by Philip José Farmer. It was first published in paperback editions by Belmont Books in the United States in October 1966 and by Quartet in the United Kingdom in September 1974. Later it was revised and expanded as Two Hawks from Earth in which form it was first published also in paperback by Ace Books in May 1979. This edition was reprinted by Berkley Books in July 1985.
 Amigos is a 2004 play by the Australian playwright David Williamson published by Currency Press in 2004 which premiered with the Sydney Theatre Company.
 The Four-Gated City is a novel published in 1969 by British Nobel Prize-winning author Doris Lessing. It concludes the five-volume series Children of Violence a literary achievement which took nearly twenty years. The Four-Gated City is sometimes regarded as one of Lessing's most important works. The book which finishes like a science fiction story with its bloody end to an epoch created a stir upon publication with claims that the novel promoted communism.
 Into Thin Air: A Personal Account of the Mt. Everest Disaster is a 1997 bestselling non-fiction book written by Jon Krakauer. It details the author's presence at Mount Everest during the 1996 Mount Everest disaster when eight climbers were killed and several others were stranded by a rogue storm.
 Exemplary Novels (Spanish: Novelas ejemplares) is a series of twelve novellas that follow the model established in Italy.
 Mladost na stopnicah is a novel by Slovenian author Anton Ingolič. It was first published in 1983.
 The Kokomo Tribune is based in downtown Kokomo Indiana USA.
 Source: Music of the Avant-Garde – also known and hereafter referred to as Source Magazine – is an independent not-for-profit musical and artistic magazine published between 1967 and 1973 by teachers and students of University of California Davis CA. It emerged from the flourishing Californian musical experimentalism of the late 1950s-early 1960s either at UC-Davis UC Berkeley's Department of Music or Mills College.
 The Sunday Life is a Sunday newspaper in Northern Ireland and has been published since October 23 1988. It is the sister paper of The Belfast Telegraph and is owned by Independent News & Media.
 Superman: War of the Worlds is a DC Comics Elseworlds published in 1999. Written by Roy Thomas with Michael Lark as the artist Willie Schubert as the letterer and Noelle Giddings as the colorist. The story is a rough adaptation of the H. G. Wells novel The War of the Worlds but is primarily based on the Superman mythology.
 Kishin Corps (機神兵団 Kishin Heidan) also called Alien Defender Geo-Armor: Kishin Corps is a series of Japanese light novels written and illustrated by Masaki Yamada. The series was published in 10 volumes between 1990 and 1994. It is a work of alternate history taking place in 1941 during World War II. An alien race invades the earth and their forces ally themselves with the Axis powers. To combat these aliens an elite allied unit called the Kishin Corps is created using alien technology.
 The Way To Heaven (天国へ行けばいい Tengoku e Ikebaii) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yamimaru Enjin author of the manga Voice or Noise and illustrator of the novel Eat or Be Eaten. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on February 11 2009.
 The Commanding Self is a book by the writer Idries Shah published by the Octagon Press in 1994. A paperback edition was published in 1997.Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such The Commanding Self can be read as part of a whole course of study.Shah stated that The Commanding Self was 'the key to understanding his entire corpus of work.'
 Organic & Biomolecular Chemistry (OBC) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original primary research and review articles. It is published every two weeks by the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC). Like all RSC journals OBC is widely recognised for its overall quality and its speed of publication - one of the fastest publisher in the organic chemistry field.
 Philosophy and Social Hope is a 1999 book written by philosopher Richard Rorty and published by Penguin. The book is a collection of cultural and political essays intended to reach a wider audience and like his previous books it presents Rorty's own version of pragmatism. 'Trotsky and the Wild Orchids' is the most autobiographical piece and explains how he moved from Plato's philosophical framework towards Ludwig Wittgenstein's and John Dewey's anti-essentialism.
 Moominland Midwinter (Swedish title Trollvinter Finnish title Taikatalvi) is the fifth in the series of Tove Jansson's Moomins books published in 1957. This book sees Jansson adopt a darker more introspective tone compared to the earlier books that is continued in the remainder of the series. Often in the book Moomintroll is either lonely miserable angry or scared - the result of being forced to survive in a world to which he feels he does not belong.
 Neural Plasticity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of neuroplasticity especially when concerning its functional involvement in the regulation of behavior and in psychopathology. The journal was established in 1989 as the Journal of Neural Transplantation and renamed in 1991 to Journal of Neural Transplantation and Plasticity before obtaining its current name in 1998. It is published by Hindawi Publishing Corporation.
 The Tiger's Daughter (1971) is the first novel by noted Indian-born American author Bharati Mukherjee.
 The Transformers: Evolutions is the title of what was intended to be several comic book miniseries published by IDW Publishing following the same idea of DC Comics' Elseworlds series. Each series was to create an alternative reality: a continuity in a different time era during which the Transformers would exist. In other words the Transformers can exist at places and at points in time that would not be possible in the current 'IDW-verse'.
 The Secret of the Caves is Volume 7 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1929. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1965 by Andrew E. Svenson resulting in two different stories with the same title.
 Arena was a British monthly men's magazine. The magazine was created in 1986 by Nick Logan who had started The Face in 1980 to focus on trends in fashion and entertainment. British graphic designer Neville Brody who had designed The Face designed Arena's launch appearance. The magazine featured articles on food movies fitness sex music toys and books.
 DC Universe Presents is the name of two DC Comics publications. The first is part of the UK 'Collector's Edition' line of DC Comics published by Titan Magazines. Beginning March 2007 it was originally titled 'Superman Legends' and was published alongside Batman Legends. Titan also later released several other DC comics following on from the success of Superman and Batman Legends.
 The Sisterhood of Steel was a series of comics by Christy Marx.In the series a society of warrior-women has survived for generations by hiring out its elite forces. Each Sister has been trained in the art of battle since childhood. The series focuses on the life of Boronwë a young woman coming of age in a world where survival rests on the edge of a blade.
 The Journal of Scottish Philosophy is an academic journal of philosophy. The journal focuses particularly on the writings of the Scottish Enlightenment philosopher Thomas Reid (1710–96) and on the influence of Scottish philosophy on the foundations of theology and education in North America.The journal publishes issues on special themes as well as general issues and includes reviews of relevant publications alongside scholarly articles.
 The Club of Queer Trades is a collection of stories by G. K. Chesterton first published in 1905.Each story in the collection is centered on a person who is making his living by some novel and extraordinary means (a queer trade using the word queer in the sense of peculiar). To gain admittance one must have invented a unique means of earning a living and the subsequent trade being the main source of income.
 Revolutionary Road (released December 31 1961) is author Richard Yates' debut novel. It was a finalist for the National Book Award in 1962 along with Catch-22 and The Moviegoer. When published by Atlantic-Little Brown in 1961 it received critical acclaim and the New York Times reviewed it as beautifully crafted...
 Strider is a novel by children's author Beverly Cleary. It is the sequel to Cleary's Newbery Medal winning novel Dear Mr. Henshaw.
 The African Studies Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering African studies. The journal also publishes book reviews. The journal was established in 1958 as the African Studies Bulletin obtaining its current name in 1970. The editors-in-chief are Ralph Faulkingham (University of Massachusetts Amherst) Elliot Fratkin (Smith College) Mitzi Goheen (Amherst College) and Sean Redding (Amherst College).
 Identical is Ellen Hopkins' fifth novel. The book released in August 2008 and has hit the New York Times Bestsellers list. Hopkins has stated that Some of the material for the book came from friends friends who are now strong successful women and you would never guess that abuse is in their past.
 Through Wolf's Eyes is the first book in the Firekeeper Saga by Jane Lindskold.
 The Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert A. Heinlein published in 1966.It includes an introduction entitled Pandora's Box that describes some of the difficulties in making predictions about the near future. Heinlein outlines some of his predictions that he made in 1949 (published 1952) and examines how well they stood up to some 15 years of progress in 1965. The prediction was originally published in Galaxy magazine Feb 1952 Vol. 3 No.
 The News Courier is a daily newspaper published in Athens Alabama covering Limestone County Alabama. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Today's News Courier was created in 1969 when The Alabama Courier (founded 1892) and the Limestone Democrat (founded 1891) were acquired by Robert Bryan and merged. The combined paper was known in the 1980s as The Athens LC News Courier. Bryan sold his papers to Hollinger in 1997.
 Robota (2003) is an illustrated book by Doug Chiang and Orson Scott Card about a mysterious fourth planet of the solar system named Orpheus. In a time before the events of the book an alien race known as the Olm came to Orpheus and warned the people explaining that their planet will crash into Earth in several thousand years. The Olm gave humans very advanced technology and the ability to create robots with artificial intelligence.
 Best Family Home Evening Ever!! is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror. Card originally published this story in the January 1978 issue of Friend magazine under the pseudonym Byron Walley.
 Hollywood Rat Race is an autobiographical book by Ed Wood Jr.
 Doglands (2011) is a children's fantasy novel written by Tim Willocks. It was published by the Random House imprint Random House Books for Young Readers. It is written in the first-person point of view of the main character a lurcher named Furgal.The story begins with Furgal being born in a racing greyhound breeder's home believed to be full greyhound because he is so young.
 Marx's Theory of Alienation is a 1970 book about Karl Marx by philosopher István Mészáros.
 Harvest Home is a 1973 novel by Thomas Tryon which he wrote following his critically acclaimed 1971 novel The Other. Harvest Home was a New York Times bestseller. The book became an NBC mini-series in 1978 titled The Dark Secret of Harvest Home which starred Bette Davis (as Mary Fortune) and David Ackroyd (as Ned). The mini-series was generally quite faithful to the plot of the book.[citation needed]
 The Journal of Raman Spectroscopy is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of Raman spectroscopy including Higher Order Processes and Brillouin and Rayleigh scattering. It was established in 1973 and is published by John Wiley & Sons. The current editor-in-chief is Laurence A.Nafie (Syracuse University).
 The Journal of Psychotherapy Integration is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Society for the Exploration of Psychotherapy Integration. It was established in 2002 and covers research in psychotherapy. The current editor-in-chief is Golan Shahar of the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev.
 Journal of Cluster Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles on all aspects of cluster science including nanoclusters and nanoparticles. It is published four times a year by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief of Journal of Cluster Science is R.D. Adams. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 1.111.
 Nichijou (日常 Nichijō lit. Every Day) is a Japanese comedy manga by Keiichi Arawi (あらゐ けいいち Arai Keiichi). The manga began serialization in the December 2006 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's manga magazine Shōnen Ace and was also serialized in Comptiq between the March 2007 and July 2008 issues. A 26-episode anime adaptation by Kyoto Animation aired in Japan between April and September 2011. A PlayStation Portable game by Vridge and Kadokawa Games was released in July 2011.
 The Collected Works of Billy the Kid: Left-Handed Poems is a verse novel by Michael Ondaatje published in 1970. It chronicles and interprets important events in the life of William Bonney aka Billy the Kid and his conflict with Sheriff Pat Garrett.
 Make Him Look Good is a 2006 novel by Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez. Much like her pioneering work The Dirty Girls Social Club Make Him Look Good falls under the category of Chica lit and explores the p.o.v. of several Latina women as they seek success in their personal and professional lives.
 Ghost Stories is a play written by Jeremy Dyson (of The League Of Gentlemen) and Andy Nyman (best known for his work with psychological illusionist Derren Brown). It premiered at the Liverpool Playhouse in February 2010 before being transferred for a longer run at the Lyric Hammersmith in London.
 The Eastbourne Herald commonly known as just The Herald is a weekly tabloid newspaper printed on Fridays and published since 1865 in Eastbourne England.The Eastbourne Herald is also a monthly published newspaper in Eastbourne Wellington New Zealand.
 The Shape of Water (La forma dell’acqua) is a 1994 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2002 by Stephen Sartarelli. It is the first novel in the internationally popular Inspector Montalbano series and the third of the RAI TV Montalbano films. The episode was almost entirely shot in Sampieri the location of the factory Fornace Penna so-called La Mánnara.
 Yukon News is one of two independently ownednewspapers published in Whitehorse Yukon in Canada. Itwas founded in 1960 as a weekly until the late 1970s. Itcurrently prints two times a week. Its Monday edition is online-only. The Yukon News hasbeen the recipient of several national and regional awardsfor its reporting photography design and layout.The Yukon News is owned by Stephen Robertson. John Thompson is the paper's editor-in-chief.
 Angel Fire East is the third and final novel in the Word & Void series by Terry Brooks written as a prequel to his Shannara series. It was first published in 1999 by Ballantine's Del Rey division. The novel takes place around Christmas in 2012 ten years after the events of A Knight of the Word. The story returns to the town of Hopewell Illinois as Nest Freemark and John Ross attempt to unlock a potentially world-altering magic.
 Irretrievable (German: Unwiederbringlich 1892 also known as Beyond Recall and No Way Back ) is one of realist Theodor Fontane's mature German novels. As with some other of Fontane's novels (including Effi Briest) its heroine is believed to be based roughly on a real person whose demise Fontane heard about and it deals delicately with near taboo (at the time of writing) topics including adultery and suicide.The novel has been translated twice into English.
 Stone and Sky is a fantasy novel written by Graham Edwards. The novel was first published in 1999 by Voyager Books (UK) and HarperPrism (US). It is the first book in the Stone trilogy which also includes Stone and Sea and Stone and Sun. The trilogy is a follow-up to Edwards' Ultimate Dragon Saga trilogy and is loosely connected via various plot threads.
 Camera obscura is a novel by Slovenian author Nejc Gazvoda. It was first published in 2006.
 The King's Damosel (also known as The King's Damsel) is a fantasy novel based on Arthurian legend by Vera Chapman first published in 1976. It served as the inspiration for the 1998 Warner Bros. film Quest for Camelot. It is part of the Three Damosels trilogy along with The Green Knight and King Arthur's Daughter.
 The Kingdom and the Power: Behind the Scenes at The New York Times: The Institution That Influences the World is a 1969 book by Gay Talese about the inner workings of The New York Times the newspaper where Talese had worked for 12 years.
 Forsaken House is a 2004 fantasy novel by Richard Baker set in the Dungeons & Dragons Forgotten Realms fictional universe. It is the first novel in the Last Mythal series.
 Housing for Seniors Report is a news service (or newsletter) produced in Silver Spring MD by CD Publications. It covers housing for the American 50+ market.
 The South Jersey Times is a newspaper serving the South Jersey area of New Jersey. It began publication on November 4 2012 following a merger of three affiliated papers Gloucester County Times The News of Cumberland County and Today's Sunbeam of Salem all of which ceased publication after November 3. The paper initially focused coverage on Camden Cumberland Gloucester and Salem counties before expanding to cover all of South Jersey.
 Understanding Lung Sounds 3rd edition (2002) by Steven Lehrer is a book and audio CD that guides the student through the skills of lung auscultation. It provides a complete overview of lung examination anatomy physiology and pathology. The audio CD presents and explains normal and abnormal lung sounds.
 The Cost of Discipleship is a book by the German Theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer considered a classic of Christian thought. The original German title is simply Nachfolge (Discipleship). It is centred around an exposition of the Sermon on the Mount in which Bonhoeffer spells out what he believes it means to follow Christ.
 The Organon of the Healing Art (Organon der rationellen Heilkunde) by Samuel Hahnemann 1810 laid the foundations of all theory and method of homeopathy. The work was repeatedly revised by Hahnemann and published in six editions with the name changed from the second onwards to Organon of Medicine (Organon der Heilkunst).
 The Turlock Journal is a newspaper in Turlock California. It is owned by Morris Multimedia of Savannah Georgia. The Journal was a daily newspaper until 2004 when it was reduced to twice-weekly publication. It has a paid circulation of approximately 4000. The managing editor is Kristina Hacker. Hank Vander Veen is the general manager.The first edition of the Turlock Journal hit the streets in 1904 as a weekly when Turlock had just a few hundred people.
 High Society is a U.S. pornographic magazine. In addition to hardcore pictorials of nude models it also has feature articles and occasional celebrity pictorials.
 The Asia-Pacific Journal of Operational Research (APJOR) aims to provide a forum for practitioners academics and researchers in Operational Research and related fields within and beyond the Asia-Pacific region. It is also the official journal of the Association of Asian-Pacific Operational Research Societies within IFORS (APORS)] and is published by World Scientific. It has an emphasis on papers of practical relevance to the field of Operational Research.
 Wild Ducks Flying Backward is Tom Robbins' book published on August 30 2005. It is an anthology of poems short stories essays reviews and other brief writings over Robbins' career.
 Parnassus is the annual literary arts magazine of Northern Essex Community College in Haverhill Massachusetts. The magazine has been in publication since 1965 and was a bi-annual publication until 2008 when it switched to a yearly publication with issues released at the end of each year's spring semester in May.
 How Europe Underdeveloped Africa is a book written by Walter Rodney which takes the view that Africa was deliberately exploited and underdeveloped by European colonial regimes.Rodney argues that a combination of power politics and economic exploitation of Africa by Europeans led to the poor state of African political and economic development evident in the late 20th century.
 West Central Tribune is published daily (except for Sundays) in Willmar Minnesota. Its circulation of more than 16000 papers is distributed throughout many surrounding communities.
 For the Avatar episode see Nightmares and Daydreams (Avatar: The Last Airbender)Nightmares and Daydreams is a collection of stories by author Nelson Bond. It was released in 1968 by Arkham House in an edition of 2040 copies. It was the author's first book to be published by Arkham House. Most of the stories had previously appeared in the magazine Blue Book.
 Absolutely American is a 2003 book by American author David Lipsky.
 No Less Than Victory (2009) is the third novel of a trilogy by Jeff Shaara based on certain theaters of World War II. It was published on November 3 2009.Opening in mid-December 1944 the novel covers the Battle of the Bulge and the fall of the Third Reich including the death of Adolf Hitler. It also covers the Allied discoveries of concentration camps at Ohrdruf Buchenwald and Dachau. The main characters are George S. Patton Dwight D.
 CoEvolution Quarterly (1974 – 1985) is a descendant of Stewart Brand's Whole Earth Catalog. Stewart Brand founded the CoEvolution Quarterly in 1974 using proceeds from the Whole Earth Catalog. It evolved out of the original Supplement to the Whole Earth Catalog. Fred Turner notes that in 1985 Brand merged CoEvolution Quarterly with The Whole Earth Software Review (a supplement to The Whole Earth Software Catalog) to create the Whole Earth Review.
 The MMA Digest (ISSN/ISBN 2291-0034) is an online Mixed Martial Arts magazine with head office in Toronto. The magazine has been covering the sport of mixed martial arts since 2007. Through articles videos interviews and discussions the publication gives MMA enthusiasts a unique look into the sport and a glimpse into the lives of MMA athletes. In March 2013 Canadian Fight Network started sourcing the history content from MMA Digest.
 Divorcing Jack is the debut novel and first of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman released on 28 January 1995 through Harper Collins. The novel was recognised as one of the San Francisco Review of Books favourite First books of 1995-1996.
 Spinoza is a book about Baruch Spinoza by the English philosopher Stuart Hampshire first published in 1951 with a revised edition in 1962.
 Advances in Space Research or (ASR) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published 27 times per year by Elsevier. It was established in 1981 and is the official journal of the Committee on Space Research (COSPAR). The editor-in-chief is J.
 The Pyrates is a comic novel by George MacDonald Fraser published in 1983.
 The Sault Star is a daily newspaper in Sault Ste. Marie Ontario and owned by Sun Media.The northern newspaper has a current daily subscription of over 12000 households to the Sault Ste. Marie area and Algoma District.Pre-press facilities are in Barrie Ontario with Sault Ste. Marie facilities closed in 2009.
 Infrared Physics and Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier devoted to the publication of new experimental and theoretical papers about applications of physics to the field of infrared physics and technology.The current editor is Harvey Rutt at the University of Southampton.
 The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales is a 1953 collection of stories by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp first published in hardcover by Twayne Publishers. An E-book edition was published as The Tritonian Ring and Other Pasudian [sic] Tales by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form; however despite the title the e-edition includes The Tritonian Ring only; the other tales are omitted.
 Zëri i Arbërit is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Kurier is an Austrian daily newspaper based in Vienna.
 Global Reinsurance (GR) is a financial magazine for insurance and reinsurance professionals.
 The Extraordinary Life of The Last Emperor of China (Chinese: 末代皇帝的非常人生; ) Host: Pu Yi the last emperor of China.The abdicated emperor of the Qing Dynasty Aisin-Gioro PuYi (1906-1967 A.D.) middle name: Haoran( Chinese: 浩然) English name: Henry ethnicity: Manchu. He was the great grandson of Emperor Daoguang the eldest son of Prince Chun Zai Feng( Chinese: 載灃) and the last emperor of the Qing Dynasty in the Chinese history.
 Perfil is an Argentine tabloid newspaper based in Buenos Aires.
 Needless (ニードレス Nīdoresu) is an action comedy science fiction manga and anime series by Kami Imai. Serialized in Shueisha's seinen magazine Ultra Jump beginning in 2003 an anime adaptation by Madhouse began airing on July 2 2009.
 The Cornishman is a weekly newspaper based in Penzance Cornwall United Kingdom which was first published in 1878. An edition is printed every Thursday.It formerly had a separate edition to cover the Isles of Scilly. However it now just has one edition which covers the whole of the Penwith peninsula as well as the Isles of Scilly. It is part of the Cornwall & Devon Media. In 2012 Local World acquired Cornwall & Devon Media owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.
 Dreaming Is a Private Thing is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov first published in the December 1955 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth is Room Enough. Asimov's original title for the story was A Hundred Million Dreams at Once but F&SF editor Tony Boucher changed it and Asimov liked the new title so kept it.
 The Broken Compass (How British Politics Lost its Way) (reissued as The Cameron Delusion in March 2010) is the fourth book from English traditionalist conservative writer Peter Hitchens. Polemical in nature and partly autobiographical the book contends that the British political right and left no longer hold firm adversarial beliefs but vie for position in the centre while at the same time overseeing a general decline in British society.
 Lucky is a shopping and style magazine which calls itself the  Ultimate Shopping Guide  and  The Magazine About Shopping . Lucky showcases what to wear and how to wear it making fashion and beauty fun and accessible. Available by subscription issues are published once a month and offer shopping tips fashion advice and articles detailing current trends. The magazine also runs a website with many similar features.
 1822 subtitled Como um homem sábio uma princesa triste e um escocês louco por dinheiro ajudaram D. Pedro a criar o Brasil um país que tinha tudo para dar errado (How a wise man a sad princess and a money crazy Scotsman helped D.
 The Wave is a 1981 young adult novel by Todd Strasser under the pen name Morton Rhue (though modern copies are often under Todd Strasser's real name). It is a novelization of a teleplay by Johnny Dawkins for the movie The Wave a fictionalized account of the Third Wave teaching experiment by Ron Jones that took place in a Ellwood P. Cubberley High School history class in Palo Alto California. The novel by Strasser won the 1981 Massachusetts Book Award for Children's/Young Adult literature.
 An Inquiry into the Good (Japanese: 善の研究 Zen no kenkyū) is a 1911 book by Kitaro Nishida the foremost Japanese philosopher of the 20th century and founding father of the Kyoto School.
 The Satanic Scriptures is a book by current High Priest of the Church of Satan Peter H. Gilmore. Like The Satanic Bible before it it is a collection of essays and observations. It also contains detailed writings on once non-public Satanic rituals.
 Section Zero is an American comic book series published in 2000 by Gorilla Comics a minor comic book company that also acted as an imprint of Image Comics. It was written by Karl Kesel with artwork provided by Tom Grummett.The series featured a fictional covert organization working for the United Nations.
 Initial D (頭文字Ｄ（イニシャル・ディー） Inisharu Dī) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shuichi Shigeno. It has been serialized in Kodansha's Young Magazine from 1995 to 2013 with the chapters collected into 48 tankōbon (manga) volumes. The story focuses on the world of illegal Japanese street racing where all the action is concentrated in the mountain passes and rarely in cities or urban areas and with the drift racing style emphasized in particular.
 Who Could That Be at This Hour? is the first novel of the children's novel series All the Wrong Questions by Lemony Snicket a series set before the events of A Series of Unfortunate Events. The novel tells the story of a young Lemony Snicket who is apprenticing for the V.F.D. under the worst-ranked agent S. Theodora Markson. The book was published on October 23 2012 by Little Brown and Company and illustrated by Seth.
 The North and the South; or Slavery and Its Contrasts is an 1852 plantation fiction novel by Caroline Rush and among the first examples of the genre alongside others such as Aunt Phillis's Cabin by Mary Henderson Eastman and Life at the South; or Uncle Tom's Cabin As It Is by W.L.G. Smith both of which were also released in 1852.
 Contrast Media & Molecular Imaging is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons since 2006. It covers the areas of magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance spectroscopy but also all other in vivo imaging technologies such as x-Ray PET/CT etc. The current editors-in-chief are Silvio Aime (University of Turin) and Robert N. Muller (University of Mons-Hainaut).
 The Dream of Scipio is a novel by Iain Pears.
 Banner of the Stars (星界の戦旗 Seikai no Senki lit. Battle Flag of the Stars) is a series of science fiction novels written by Hiroyuki Morioka which serve as sequels to Crest of the Stars. The series is ongoing. Three novels in the series have been made into anime.
 Tertangala is the magazine of the University of Wollongong Undergraduate Students' Association (WUSA)
 The Veiled One is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell. It is the 14th entry in the Inspector Wexford series.
 Thatababy is a daily humor comic strip created by Paul Trap launched on October 4 2010 and syndicated by Universal Uclick. The central characters are the titular baby and an unnamed Mom and Dad. Trap describes Thatababy as a parenting strip through the eyes of the baby. Before syndication Trap entered the strip in the Amazon Comic Strip Superstar contest where it drew praise from judges Lynn Johnston Garry Trudeau Mark Tatulli and Scott Hilburn.
 The Political Unconscious: Narrative as a Socially Symbolic Act is a 1981 book by Fredric Jameson an eminent Marxist literary theorist. Often cited as a powerful overview and methodological guide it is the work with which Jameson made his greatest impact. The book has been the subject of a commentary Jameson Althusser Marx (1984) by William C. Dowling who believes that its main idea had been previously outlined by Terry Eagleton and notes that it is influenced by such thinkers as A. J.
 The Spartacus International Gay Guide is an international gay travel guidebook published annually since 1970 originally by John D. Stamford currently by Bruno Gmünder Verlag in Berlin Germany.
 Gospel Principles is a book that sets out some of the basic doctrines and teachings of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The book is published by the LDS Church and is provided to its members as a personal study guide and as a church lesson manual.
 The Fort is an historical novel written by Bernard Cornwell. The book relates to the events of the Penobscot Expedition of 1779 during the American Revolutionary War.
 Night Probe! is an adventure novel by Clive Cussler. This is the 5th book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Dirk Pitt. Published in 1981 it is set in the near future of 1989 a date with ironic significance (see below).
 Publius: The Journal of Federalism is a social science journal published by Oxford University Press which is international in scope and devoted to the theory and practice of federalism. It was founded in 1973 by Daniel Elazar. Its title is in honor of Alexander Hamilton John Jay and James Madison who used the pen-name Publius in 1787-1788 when they published the papers that became known as The Federalist.
 On the Eve (Russian: Накану́не Nakanune) is the third novel by famous Russian writer Ivan Turgenev best known for his short stories and the novel Fathers and Sons. Turgenev embellishes this love story with observations on middle class life and interposes some art and philosophy. Nikolay Dobrolyubov was critical of On the Eve offending Turganev.
 Advances in Applied Clifford Algebras is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original research papers and also notes expository and survey articles book reviews reproduces abstracts and also reports on conferences and workshops in the area of Clifford algebras and their applications to other branches of mathematics and physics and in certain cognate areas.The journal was established in 1991 by Jaime Keller who was its editor-in-chief until his death in 2011.
 The Children of Dynmouth is a novel written by William Trevor first published in 1976.
 Fingersmith is a 2002 Victorian-inspired crime fiction novel by Sarah Waters.
 Two Fates (Dve Sudby) is a poem by Apollon Maykov first published in 1845 in Saint Petersburg as a separate edition under the title Two Fates. A Real Story by A.N.Maykov and with considerable censorship cuts. It's never been re-issued in the poet's lifetime and first appeared in its original form in The Selected Works by A.N.Maykov.The poem written in 1844 was dealing with the popular issue of a superfluous man of 1840s.
 Rooftops of Tehran is a poetry collection by Sholeh Wolpe published by Red Hen Press in 2008.
 The Living Cosmos: Our Search for Life in the Universe is a non-fiction book by astronomer Chris Impey that discusses the subject of astrobiology and efforts to discover life beyond Earth. It was published as a hardcover by Random House in 2007 and as a paperback by Cambridge University Press in 2011.
 Tungjatjeta is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The A.V. Club is an entertainment website affiliated with The Onion. It features reviews of new films music television books games and DVDs as well as interviews and other regular offerings examining both new and classic media and other elements of pop culture. Unlike its parent publication The A.V. Club is not satirical though much of its content maintains a similarly humorous tone.The A.V. Club is based in Chicago.
 Superclass: The Global Power Elite and the World They Are Making is a controversial book about global governance by American author David Rothkopf released in March 2008 by publisher Farrar Straus and Giroux. The book claims that the world population of 6 billion people is subject to the immense influence of an elite (i.e.
 Saddam Hussein the former ruler of Iraq published four books in total. All of his works were published under the pen-name 'the author' probably to preach his ideology. Although the Iraqi government included the books on the nations' syllabus for Iraqi schools after the war the Saddam's books enjoyed something of a renaissance with official copies and bootleg copies of his last book selling out.
 Educational Studies in Mathematics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal within the field of mathematics education. Founded by Hans Freudenthal it first appeared in 1968. Published by Springer the journal normally appears in 3 annual volumes each consisting of 3 issues.
 Scarsdale Magazine is a regional lifestyle magazine that covers the village of Scarsdale New York and its surrounding area (Hartsdale Eastchester Edgemont Greenburgh Tuckahoe etc.). It is published by the local (Rockland Westchester Putnam) newspaper The Journal News a division of Gannett. The publication was originally launched as InTown Scarsdale but changed names to Scarsdale Magazine at the beginning of 2006.
 Vivian Grey is Benjamin Disraeli's first novel published by Henry Colburn in 1826. In 1827 a second volume was published. Originally published anonymously ostensibly by a so-called man of fashion part 1 caused a considerable sensation in London society. Contemporary reviewers suspicious of the numerous solecisms contained within the text eventually identified the young Disraeli (who did not move in high society) as the author.
 Vice Versa: A Lesson to Fathers is a comic novel by Thomas Anstey Guthrie writing under the pseudonym F. Anstey first published in 1882. The title originates from the Latin phrase vice versa meaning the other way around.
 Nine Lives: in Search of the Sacred in Modern India is a 2009 travel book by William Dalrymple.
 The Mugger is a (1956) novel by Ed McBain the second in his 87th Precinct series. It was adapted for a film of the same name in 1958. In 2002 the author wrote an introduction to this and to his earlier novel Cop Hater when both were published in an omnibus edition.
 The Journal of Travel Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Tourism. The journal's editor is Richard R. Perdue (Virginia Polytechnic Institute). It has been in publication since 1968 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Biological Theory is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the fields of evolution and cognition including cognitive psychology epistemology philosophy of science evolutionary biology and developmental biology. It was established in 2005 and originally published by MIT Press sponsored by the Konrad Lorenz Institute for Evolution and Cognition Research. As of January 1 2012 the publisher is Springer Science+Business Media.
 The Nose (鼻 Hana) is a satirical short story by Akutagawa Ryūnosuke based on a thirteenth-century Japanese tale from the Uji Shūi Monogatari. The Nose was Akutagawa’s second short story written not long after Rashōmon. It was first published in January 1916 in the Tokyo Imperial University student magazine Shinshichō and later published in other magazines and various Akutagawa anthologies.
 The Journal of Latina/o Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of The National Latina/o Psychological Association. The journal was established in 2012 and includes articles on research practice advocacy education and policy relevant to Latino communities. The current editor-in-chief is Azara Santiago-Rivera of The Chicago School of Professional Psychology.
 The Brunswick News based in Brunswick Georgia United States is a daily newspaper in southeast Georgia. It was founded by the brothers C.H. Leavy and L.J. Leavy and began publication in 1902. The paper remains under the family ownership and is published Monday through Saturday.As well as local stories it carries more international news than other local papers with its source being the Associated Press wire.
 An Uncertain Place (French: Un lieu incertain) is a 2008 crime novel by the French writer Fred Vargas.
 My Son the Fanatic is a short story written by Hanif Kureishi first published in The New Yorker 1994. It was reprinted in Kureishi's 1997 collection of short stories Love in a Blue Time and also as a supplement to some editions of The Black Album. The short story was also adapted into a film of the same title.
 Jeg elsket Tiberius is a 1959 romance novel by Elisabeth Dored. It was first translated into English by Naomi Walford in Great Britain by Methuen and United States by Pantheon Books in 1963 under the name I Loved Tiberius. The novel was written as a careful reappraisal of the contemporary sources placing Julia and Tiberius in a more positive light. The novel is set in 1st century BC Rome centred on Julia the Elder the daughter of Augustus and her life right up until her death.
 Lasseter's Last Ride is an Australian novel by Ion Idriess.It was his first best seller. There were five different editions of it.
 On Guerrilla Warfare (simplified Chinese: 论游击战; traditional Chinese: 論游擊戰; pinyin: Lùn Yóujĩ Zhàn) is Mao Zedong’s case for the extensive use of an irregular form of warfare in which small groups of combatants use mobile military tactics in the forms of ambushes and raids to combat a larger and less mobile formal army. Mao wrote the book in 1937 to convince Chinese political and military leaders that guerilla style-tactics were necessary for the Chinese to use in the Second Sino-Japanese War.
 Nature Nanotechnology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Nature Publishing Group. It was established in October 2006. The editor-in-chief is Fabio Pulizzi. It covers all aspects of nanoscience and nanotechnology.
 The Zookeeper's Wife is a non-fiction book written by the poet and naturalist Diane Ackerman. Drawing on the unpublished diary of Antonina Żabińska it recounts the true story of how she and her husband Jan Żabiński director of the Warsaw Zoo saved the lives of 300 Jews who had been imprisoned in the Warsaw Ghetto following the German invasion of Poland on September 1 1939. The book was first published in 2007 by W. W. Norton.
 Stereophile is a monthly magazine that focuses on high end audio equipment such as loudspeakers and amplifiers and audio-related news such as online audio streaming. It was founded in 1962 by J. Gordon Holt.As of 2010 the editor is John Atkinson who joined the magazine in May 1986.
 Ancient Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study of ancient Greek and Roman philosophy and science. Since 1980 the journal has published over 1300 articles and reviews in this field. The journal is edited by Ron Polansky and produced in the Department of Philosophy at Duquesne University. All issues are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Saudi Gazette is a leading English-language daily newspaper published in Jeddah Saudi Arabia. It is available both in print and online.As of 2 April 2012 Khaled Almaeena is the Saudi Gazette editor-in-chief replacing Omar S. Elmershedi who took over on 1 July 2011. Almaeena is joined by some of his most trusted staff from Arab News led by deputy editor-in-chief Somayya Jabarti.
 Happy World! (ハッピーワールド Happii Waarudo) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kenjirou Takeshita. It was serialized in Shueisha's Ultra Jump. The manga was adapted into an original video animation by KSS with animation work done by Zexcs.
 Video Boy (ビデオ ボーイ Bideo Bōi) is a Japanese monthly men's magazine which has been published since 1984. It has been called probably the most popular AV mag in Japan and was described by Peter Payne proprietor of J-List as an excellent magazine...to keep up with...AV stars The magazine specializes in nude photos of popular Japanese AV Idols.Video Boy and its sister publication Bejean were published by Eichi Publishing (英知出版 Eichi Shuppan).
 Humpty Dumpty is a bimonthly American magazine for children 5 to 7 years old that takes its title from the nursery rhyme of the same name. The magazine features short stories poems nonfiction articles games comics recipes crafts and more. Having been continuously produced for 60 years it is one of the oldest American magazines for kids.
 The International Journal of Climatology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research in the field of climatology. Established in 1981 the journal is published 15 times per year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Meteorological Society. The editor-in-chief is Rahan Huth (Charles University in Prague). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.886.
 Der Stürmer (pronounced [deːɐ̯ ˈʃtʏʁmɐ] The Attacker) was a weekly tabloid-format Nazi newspaper published by Julius Streicher the prominent NSDAP official from 1923 to the end of World War II in 1945 with brief suspensions in publication due to legal difficulties. It was a significant part of the Nazi propaganda machinery and was vehemently anti-Semitic.
 The Journal of Psychosomatic Research is the official medical journal of the European Association of Psychosomatic Medicine and is affiliated with the International College of Psychosomatic Medicine.
 The Clinical Social Work Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles commentaries and book reviews relevant to contemporary clinical social work practice research theory and policy. It is currently published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Carol Tosone. The journal was established in 1973. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.494.
 Jean Anouilh's play Antigone is a tragedy inspired by Greek mythology and the play of the same name (Antigone by Sophocles) from the fifth century B.C. In English it is often distinguished from its antecedent by being pronounced in its original French form approximately on-tee-GONE.
 The Bird of Time is a science fiction novel by author Wallace West. It was published in 1959 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies of which 2102 were never bound. The novel is a fix-up of four of West's short stories that had originally appeared in the magazines Astounding and Thrilling Wonder Stories.
 The Silver Pigs is an historical mystery novel by Lindsey Davis. Set in Rome and Britannia during AD 70 just after the year of the four emperors The Silver Pigs stars Marcus Didius Falco informer and imperial agent.Pigs is a term by which ingots are known and refer to the silver ingots which feature prominently in the plot.
 Jack Plank Tells Tales is a children's book by Newbery Honor recipient Natalie Babbitt. Her first novel in 25 years it was released by Scholastic Inc. in 2007. The book contains connected stories dealing with an inept and humane pirate Jack Plank who has trouble finding work that suits him and his inhibitions.The book received a starred review from BookList in April 2007 and the School Library Journal gave it a most favorable review.
 The Breathing Method is a novella by Stephen King which was released as part of his Different Seasons collection in 1982. It is placed in the section entitled A Winter's Tale.
 Erkin Qaraqalpaqstan (Karakalpak: Еркин Қарақалпақстан Free Karakalpakstan) is the main Karakalpak language newspaper published in Uzbekistan.
 Probuditi! is a 2006 children's book written and illustrated by American author Chris Van Allsburg.
 The Family is a Japanese novel written by Tōson Shimazaki first serialized in 1910–11 under the title Ie (家). This autobiographical novel deals with the disintegration of two provincial families the Koizumis and the Hashimotos.
 Revista da Folha (Folha's Magazine in English) is a weekly magazine distributed by Folha de S. Paulo on Sundays. It's a diversities' magazine publishing reportings about film theatre fashion TV Programs and etc.
 Dacia Literară was the first Romanian literary and political journal.
 The Assassins of Rome is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published on 17 October 2002 by Orion Books. It is the fourth book of The Roman Mysteries series.
 Loop (ループ Rūpu) is the third in the series of Ring novels by Koji Suzuki.The story revolves around a simulated reality exactly the same as our own known as the Loop: created to simulate the emergence and evolution of life. It is in this alternate universe that the events of the previous novels Ring and Spiral took place.
 Parkiet Gazeta Gieldy or more commonly Parkiet (literally Trading Floor in English) is a Polish language newspaper published in Poland. The paper focuses on business and financial news.
 The House on the Borderland is a supernatural horror novel by British fantasist William Hope Hodgson.
 I.D. (The International Design Magazine) was a magazine covering the art business and culture of design. It was published bi-monthly by F+W Media.I.D. was founded in 1954 as Industrial Design. The name was later abbreviated to an initialism; in the 1980s the initials came to stand for International Design to reflect the magazine's broadened scope. Since 1954 the magazine has published the Annual Design Review a juried design competition curated by I.D. staff and industry practitioners.I.D.
 Black Water is a 1992 novella by Joyce Carol Oates.
 Often I Am Permitted to Return to a Meadow is a poem written by Robert Duncan in 1960. The poem was published in his book The Opening of the Field.The speaker describes a meadow to which he is often permitted to return. This meadow seems to represent a place that is metaphysically spiritually and emotionally valuable for him. The notion of permission is ambiguous: it is not made clear who does the permitting or why permission is needed.
 Journal of Physics D: Applied Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by IOP Publishing a subsidiary of the Institute of Physics in the United Kingdom. It has a broad coverage including five main focus areas: magnetism; photonics and semiconductors; plasmas and plasma-surface interactions; applied surfaces and interfaces; and the structure and properties of matter. The current editor-in-chief is Giorgio Margaritondo (École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne).
 Garouden (餓狼伝) is a series of Japanese martial arts novels by Baku Yumemakura. They have been adapted as a feature film a manga by Keisuke Itagaki (of Baki the Grappler fame) and two video games.
 Dâstân-ı Şeyh-i Şefâ'ât-kâr Bâmürid-i Sahib-İnkâr is an Old Turkic poem which was written in 17. century by Nev'izade Atâyi.
 The European Physical Journal (or EPJ) is a joint publication of EDP Sciences Springer Science+Business Media and the Società Italiana di Fisica. It arose in 1998 as a merger and continuation of Acta Physica Hungarica Anales de Física Czechoslovak Journal of Physics Il Nuovo Cimento Journal de Physique Portugaliae Physica and Zeitschrift für Physik. The journal is published in various sections covering all areas of physics.
 Sandkings is a novelette by George R. R. Martin published in the August 1979 issue of Omni. It won both the Hugo and Nebula awards the only one of Martin's stories to have done so.
 Immortals (ISBN 0-441-00539-X) is an 1998 anthology of short stories edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois.
 Biodegradation is a peer-review scientific journal focusing on biotransformation mineralization detoxification recycling amelioration or treatment of chemicals or waste materials by naturally-occurring microbial strains microbial associations or recombinant organisms.
 Two Trains Running is a play by American playwright August Wilson the seventh in his ten-part series The Pittsburgh Cycle. It was first performed by the Yale Repertory Theatre in New Haven Connecticut while its Broadway première was on 13 April 1992 at the Walter Kerr Theatre in New York City.
 The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction is an English language reference work on science fiction first published in 1979. In October 2011 the third edition was made available for free online.
 Payback: Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth is a non-fiction book written by Margaret Atwood about the nature of debt for the 2008 Massey Lectures. Each of the book's five chapters was delivered as a one hour lecture in a different Canadian city beginning in St. John's Newfoundland on October 12 and ending in Toronto on November 1. The lectures were broadcast on CBC Radio One's Ideas November 10–14.
 They Were Eleven (11人いる! Jūichinin Iru!) is a manga by Moto Hagio which ran in Shōjo Comic for three issues from September through November 1975. It was awarded the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen in 1976 and a sequel Horizon of the East Eternity of the West was produced in 1976. It was published in English as part of the anthology Four Shōjo Stories. The anime film was licensed and released in North America by Central Park Media.
 The Union Daily is a newspaper published in Burma. Due to law changes the paper began freely publishing from 1 April 2013. The Union Daily is backed by the Union Solidarity and Development political party but promises not to be a mouthpiece for the party.
 Warlock is a novel by author Wilbur Smith first published in 2001. It is part of a series of novels by Smith set to ancient Egypt and follows the fate of the Egyptian Kingdom through the eyes of Taita a multi-talented and highly skilled eunuch slave.
 Awake and Sing! is a drama written by American playwright Clifford Odets. The play was initially produced by The Group Theatre in 1935.
 Organic Letters (usually abbreviated as Org. Lett.) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1999 by the American Chemical Society. OL is indexed in: Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS) EBSCOhost British Library PubMed Web of Science and SwetsWise.Organic Letters is the highest impact communications journal in the field of Organic Chemistry.
 The Taming of Chance is a 1990 book by Ian Hacking a ground-breaking account of an important period in the history of probability. Hacking shows that the modern argument for preferring facts to testimony in science assumes probabilistic thinking.
 The Journal of Diplomacy and International Relations is a biannual academic journal published by the School of Diplomacy and International Relations at Seton Hall University covering international affairs. It was established in 2000 as the Seton Hall Journal of Diplomacy and International Relations and is managed and edited by graduate students at the School of Diplomacy. The current editor-in-chief is Paul Palamattam.
 Felix is the student newspaper of Imperial College London. It won the Guardian Student Newspaper of the Year award in 2006 and 2008.
 The Miseducation of Cameron Post is a coming-of-age teen novel by Emily M. Danforth published in 2012. The novel's protagonist is Cameron Post a 12-year-old Montana girl who is discovering her own homosexuality. After her parents die in a car crash she is sent to live with her conservative aunt.
 Gradiva is a novel by Wilhelm Jensen first published in instalments from June 1 to July 20 1902 in the Viennese newspaper Neue Freie Presse. It was inspired by a Roman bas-relief of the same name and became the basis for Sigmund Freud's famous 1907 study Delusion and Dream in Jensen's Gradiva (German: Der Wahn und die Träume in W. Jensen's Gradiva).
 Hitchhiker's Guide to the Internet by Ed Krol was published in 1987 through funding by the National Science Foundation. It was the first popular user's guide to the history and use of the Internet. The title was a reference to the popular The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
 This is a timeline of major events related to the evolution and development of science fiction as a literary tradition.
 The Kokomo Perspective is a broadsheet weekly newspaper serving Kokomo Indiana established in 1989 with almost exclusively local content. The Perspective is distributed for free every Wednesday and beats the local daily newspaper the Kokomo Tribune in Monday through Saturday and Sunday alone circulation. The weekly paper tends to lean toward a union-friendly worldview as Kokomo is a heavily unionized city with Chrysler and Delphi Automotive Systems being the largest employers.
 Imperial Woman is a novel by Pearl S. Buck first published in 1956. Imperial Woman is a fictionalized biography of Ci-xi (Tz'u Hsi in Wade–Giles) who was a concubine of the Xianfeng Emperor and on his death became the de facto head of the Qing Dynasty until her death in 1908 (before which the novel ends).The story of Tzu Hsi is the story of the last Empress in China. In the novel Nobel Prize winner Pearl S.
 The Collegian is the bi-weekly official student publication of Houston Baptist University in Houston Texas. Originally founded in 1963 as a newsletter the publication transitioned into the newspaper format in 1990.
 Fear Nothing is a novel released in 1997 by the best-selling author Dean Koontz. The book is the first installment in what is reported to be a three-part series of books known as the Moonlight Bay Trilogy featuring Christopher Snow who suffers from the rare (but real) disease called XP (xeroderma pigmentosum). The second in the trilogy Seize the Night was released in 1998. No release date has yet been set for the release of the third book titled Ride the Storm.
 Coraline /ˈkɒrəlaɪn/ is a horror/fantasy novella by British author Neil Gaiman published in 2002 by Bloomsbury and Harper Collins. It was awarded the 2003 Hugo Award for Best Novella the 2003 Nebula Award for Best Novella and the 2002 Bram Stoker Award for Best Work for Young Readers. It has been compared to Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and has been adapted into a 2009 stop-motion film directed by Henry Selick.
 Escape from Hell! is a speculative fiction novella by Hal Duncan strongly inspired by the movies Jacob's Ladder and Escape from New York but also by the works of William Blake and John Milton.It was first published in the United States by MonkeyBrain Books in 2008.
 Brown Girl Brownstones is the first novel by the internationally recognized writer Paule Marshall published in 1959. It is about Barbadian immigrants in Brooklyn New York. The book gained widespread recognition after it was reprinted in 1981.
 The Arizona Daily Wildcat is a student newspaper serving the University of Arizona. It was founded in 1899 as the Sage Green and Silver. Previous names include Arizona Weekly Life University Life Arizona Life and Arizona Wildcat. Its distribution is within the university and the Tucson Arizona metropolitan area. It has a distribution of 20000. It is published daily during the spring and fall semesters and weekly during the summer months as the Arizona Summer Wildcat.
 The Wizard's Dilemma is the fifth book in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane. It is the sequel to A Wizard Abroad.
 A Pretext for War: 9/11 Iraq and the Abuse of America's Intelligence Agencies is a 2004 book by journalist James Bamford that takes a highly critical view of the events around 9/11 and the subsequent Iraq War.The book is divided into three parts: Destruction Detection and Deception.
 Figments of Reality: The Evolution of the Curious Mind (1997) is a book about the evolution of the intelligent and conscious human mind by biologist Jack Cohen and mathematician Ian Stewart.In this book Cohen and Stewart give their ideas on how the sentient human being evolved. Various chapters discuss scientific andphilosophical ideas such as emergence and chaos free will perception versus reality objectivity versus subjectivity self-awareness the ego and id groupthink and extelligence.
 For the film based on the book see Devil's Knot (film)Devil's Knot: The True Story of the West Memphis Three is a 2002 true crime book by Mara Leveritt about the 1993 murders of three eight-year-old children and the subsequent trials of three teenagers charged with and convicted of the crimes. The names of the three teens convicted are: Damien Echols Jason Baldwin and Jessie Misskelley. They however would come to be known as the West Memphis Three.
 The Wing of Night is a 2005 novel by Australian author Brenda Walker.
 The Law Society Gazette (also known as the Gazette or the Law Gazette) is a British weekly trade magazine for solicitors in England and Wales published by the Law Society of England and Wales.While it is available to buy and on subscription it is provided to all solicitors with a current England and Wales practising certificate (as well as trainee solicitors).
 Hallelujah! The Welcome Table: A Lifetime of Memories with Recipes (2004) is author Maya Angelou's first cookbook. It pairs 28 essays written by Angelou with 73 recipes. Angelou got the title from an African-American spiritual. The book's audio version which was produced at the same time the book was published was narrated by Angelou and included five cards created from recipes from the book.
 Shockscape is the eighteenth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 The Imperial Stars is a science fiction novel by Stephen Goldin expanded from a novella by E. E. Doc Smith. It is the first in a series of ten Family D'Alembert novels set in a future where humankind has expanded to the stars but reverted to an ancient feudal system of government in an advanced technological setting.
 DC Universe: Legacies are a 2010-2011 ten-issue comic book limited series written by Len Wein and published by DC Comics. It details the perspective of an admirer of superheroes in the DC Universe from the Golden Silver Bronze and Modern eras of comic books.
 From the Soil first published in 1947 is a work by Fei Xiaotong (1910-2005) a pioneering Chinese sociologist and anthropologist.
 Terpsichora (舞姫（テレプシコーラ） Maihime Terepushikōra lit. The Dancing Girl) also known as Maihime Τερψιχόρα in Greek is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Ryoko Yamagishi. The manga was awarded the grand prize for the 11th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2007. Media Factory published the 10 tankōbon volumes of the manga between June 23 2001 and January 23 2007.Ryoko Yamagishi also wrote a sequel titled Terpsichora Part 2 (舞姫（テレプシコーラ） 第２部 Maihime Terepushikōra Dai Ni Bu lit.
 Beyond the Grave is the fourth book in The 39 Clues series first published in June 2 2009 and written by Jude Watson. Thematically the novel uses Biblical knowledge prophecy and spiritual topics to explore the afterlife. Amy and Dan Cahill the protagonists travel to Egypt because of a clue they discovered in The Sword Thief.
 The Monthly is an Australian national magazine of politics society and the arts which is published eleven times per year on a monthly basis except the December/January issue. Founded in 2005 it is published by Melbourne property developer Morry Schwartz. The publisher is also director of Black Inc. which publishes non-fiction books the political journal Quarterly Essay and The Saturday Paper a weekly long-form newspaper.
 The Journal of Catalysis is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on all aspects of heterogeneous and homogeneous catalysis. It is published by Elsevier and it was established in 1962 by J. H. de Boer and P. W. Selwood.The current editor-in-chief is Johannes A. Lercher (Technische Universität München). Former editors-in-chief have been F. S. Stone W. K. Hall G. L. Haller W. N. Delgass and E.
 My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic is a monthly comic book series based on the animated television show of the same name. The first issue was published in November 2012 by IDW Publishing under license from Hasbro the parent company of the My Little Pony franchise.
 Alien Worlds a science fiction anthology comic book was published by Pacific Comics and later Eclipse Comics in the early 1980s. It was edited by Bruce Jones and April Campbell.
 The Macdermots of Ballycloran is a novel by Anthony Trollope. It was Trollope's first published novel which he began in September 1843 and completed by June 1845. However it was not published until 1847. The novel was an abysmal failure with the reading public.The novel was written while Trollope was staying in the village of Drumsna County Leitrim Ireland.
 The Italian Girl is a novel by Iris Murdoch first published in 1964.
 Half a Life is a collection of science fiction short stories by Russian novelist Kir Bulychov.
 In the Springtime of the Year is a 1973 novel by Susan Hill. Hill states that the book was inspired by the sudden death of a man whom she had been close to for eight years.
 A Crack Up at the Race Riots is a novel written by Harmony Korine writer of such cult films Kids and Ken Park. He is also writer/director of Gummo Julien Donkey-Boy Mister Lonely and Trash Humpers. The book was released in 1998 and has since been taken out of print.
 Kintoki (KINTOKI-金目族のトキ-) is a manga one-shot written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. It was published in Weekly Shōnen Jump on November 15 2010 as part of the Top of the Super Legend project a series of six one-shots by famed Jump artists. Viz Media will release it in North America in the January 28 2013 issue of their online digital manga anthology Weekly Shonen Jump.
 China Press (Chinese : 中國報 Zhong Guo Bao in Mandarin) is a Malaysian Chinese-language newspaper set up by Tun Henry Lee Hau Shik (H. S. Lee) and first published on 1 February 1946.On May 13 1969 China Press was suspended for a month following its publication of a court news item after the 13 May Incident.China Press relaunched in 1986 and by 1988 its daily circulation had increased from 20000 to 100000 making it the fastest-growing paper in the Malaysian Newspaper industry.
 The New Pittsburgh Courier is a weekly newspaper catering to African Americans based in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. It is owned by Real Times.The newspaper is named after the original Pittsburgh Courier (1907-1965) which in the 1930s and 1940s was one of the largest and most influential African-American newspapers in the country with a nationwide circulation of more than 350000.After circulation declines in the 1950s and 1960s the original Courier was purchased by John H.
 Smash! was a weekly British comic published in London by Odhams Press Ltd from 64 Long Acre and subsequently by IPC Magazines Ltd from (initially) 189 High Holborn and (latterly) Fleetway House in nearby Farringdon Street.It ran for 257 issues between 5 February 1966 and 3 April 1971 (although due to strikes and industrial disputes publication was not continuous during that period). It then merged into Valiant.
 Mammalian Species is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society of Mammalogists. The journal publishes accounts of 25–35 mammal species yearly. The articles summarize the current literature about each mammal and its systematics genetics fossil history distribution anatomy physiology behavior ecology and conservation is described. The journal was established in 1969. The current editor-in-chief is Joseph F. Merritt (University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign).
 Living with Crazy Buttocks is a book written by Australian author and cartoonist Kaz Cooke and published by Penguin Books on November 19 2001. It won the 2002 Bookseller/Diagram Prize for Oddest Title of the Year.
 Samaritan is a novel by Richard Price first published in 2003. It tells the story of a wealthy screenwriter who returns to his impoverished neighborhood in Dempsey New Jersey where he begins to help others. His motivations and their ramifications are explored. Throughout the novel various characters help others with each good deed having different repercussions.
 Palliative Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Medicine. The journal's editor is Catherine Walshe (Manchester University). It has been in publication since 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of European Association for Palliative Care.
 Laiko Vima (Greek: Λαϊκό Βήμα People's Tribune) is a bi-weekly newspaper published in Gjirokastër that serves the local Greek communities in Albania. It was founded in 1945 and was the only newspaper printed in the Greek language during the Socialist People's Republic of Albania.
 The Cincinnati Post is a discontinued afternoon daily newspaper that was published in Cincinnati Ohio. Distributed in Northern Kentucky as The Kentucky Post it was owned by the E. W. Scripps Company. Since the 1980s its editorial stance was usually conservative. The Post published its final edition on December 31 2007. The Kentucky Post maintains a web edition KYPost.com.
 Martin Dressler: The Tale of an American Dreamer is a 1996 novel by Steven Millhauser. It won the 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and was a finalist for the 1996 National Book Award. The novel follows the exploits of a young optimistic entrepreneur the eponymous Martin Dressler in late nineteenth century New York City. It vividly evokes its time and place through elaborate description.
 Avances Magazine is a monthly bilingual publication aimed at middle to upper income Hispanics and is the largest Hispanic magazine in the Intermountain West which includes Arizona Colorado Idaho and Utah. The magazine is based in Orem Utah in the United States. With its first edition in 2009 Avances Magazine's motto is to Advance the Hispanic Community.
 The Mousehole Cat is a children's book written by Antonia Barber and illustrated by Nicola Bayley. Based on the legend of Cornish fisherman Tom Bawcock and the stargazy pie it tells the tale of a cat who goes with its owner on a fishing expedition in rough seas. The book has won awards including the 1991 British Book Award for Illustrated Children's Book of the Year. It has since been adapted into a 1994 animated film a puppet show and is being adapted as a stage musical.
 The Rockford Register Star is the Rockford Illinois metropolitan area's primary daily newspaper. The paper took its name with the 1979 merger of two influential Rockford competitors The Register Republic (founded February 15 1855 (1855-02-15) daily since January 6 1873 (1873-01-06)) and The Morning Star (founded March 20 1888 (1888-03-20)).
 Equal Rites is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett. Published in 1987 it is the third novel in the Discworld series and the first in which the main character is not Rincewind. The title is wordplay on the phrase Equal Rights.The novel introduces the character of Granny Weatherwax who reappears in several later Discworld novels. The protagonist Eskarina Smith does not return until I Shall Wear Midnight which was published 23 years later.
 Kanakatara (Telugu: కనకతార) is a famous Indian drama and film in Telugu cinema. The play was written by Chandala Kesavadasu (1876–1956) in the year 1911.
 A God Strolling in the Cool of the Evening (Portuguese: Um Deus Passeando Pela Brisa da Tarde) is a historical novel by the Portuguese writer Mario de Carvalho set in the Roman province of Lusitania during the reign of Roman Emperor Commodus. First published in Portugal in Portuguese in 1994 as Um Deus Passeando Pela Brisa da Tarde the novel won several awards including the 1996 Pegasus Prize and became a best-seller in Portugal.
 Biology for Christian Schools is a controversial 1991 school-level textbook written by William S. Pinkston and published by the Bob Jones University Press. It espouses the idea of Biblical inerrancy; that whenever science and Christianity conflict the current scientific understanding is wrong.
 The Dawn: A Journal for Australian Women was an early feminist journal published monthly in Sydney Australia between 1888 and 1905. It was first published 15 May 1888 by Louisa Lawson using the pen name of Dora Falconer. The subtitle was later changed to A Journal for the Household.
 Brothers is a thriller novel by William Goldman. It is the sequel to his 1972 novel Marathon Man.In the sequel Doc Scylla Levy brother of Marathon Man's protagonist Babe Levy survives his stabbing. The plot concerns an effort to instigate World War III by means of simultaneous worldwide terrorist attacks which Scylla attempts to stop.
 Sachin:A Hundred Hundreds is a new book by V Krishnaswamy a book featuring the statistical peaks scaled by cricketer Sachin Tendulkar during his international career. The book has a foreword by Rahul Dravid and Sachin's first coach Ramakant Achrekar.
 Slovo is a biannual academic journal edited and managed entirely by postgraduates of the UCL School of Slavonic and East European Studies. Slovo is an interdisciplinary publication covering Russian Eurasian Central and East European affairs from the fields of anthropology economics film geography history international relations linguistics literature media politics and sociology.
 The Journal of the Royal Society Interface is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing reviews research articles and short reports from the interface between the physical sciences including mathematics and the life sciences. It publishes research applying chemistry engineering materials science mathematics and physics to the biological and medical sciences and highlights discoveries in the life sciences that allow advances in the physical sciences.
 Bartlesville Monthly Magazine is a free of charge community magazine based in Bartlesville Oklahoma. The monthly publication puts special emphasis on providing the Bartlesville community with lighthearted positive news from the area an extensive community calendar and stories of the events places and people who make Bartlesville a vibrant and happy place to live work and play. The magazine prides itself on being local in ownership writing and printing.
 The Journal of Infectious Diseases is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Infectious Diseases Society of America.
 For a disambiguation of Shadow see: Shadow (disambiguation)Shadow is a Star Trek: Voyager novel written by Dean Wesley Smith and Kristine Kathryn Rusch. It is part of the Star Trek: Section 31 miniseries.
 Al Arab Al Yawm (Arabic: العرب اليوم‎) was pan Arab newspaper in Arabic language headquartered in Amman Jordan. The daily described itself as an independent publication. The paper was owned by Elyas Jreisat. The daily was suspended due to financial problems in July 2013.
 Instant Physics (full title: Instant Physics: From Aristotle to Einstein and Beyond) is a book by Tony Rothman first published by Fawcett Columbine in 1995. The book meant for readers with a minimal amount of mathematical training consists of ten chapters that cover most of the essential topics in physics from classical mechanics and thermodynamics to nuclear physics general relativity and quantum mechanics.
 Immer derselbe Schnee und immer derselbe Onkel (English translation: Always the Same Snow and always the same Uncle) is a book of essays by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller. The book was first published in Germany on March 7 2011 through Carl Hanser Verlag.Critical reception for the book was positive. Ö1 praised the collection calling the title peculiar and beautiful and stated that her writing was direct and pragmatic.
 The Journal of Environmental Economics and Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal of environmental economics published six times per year. It is the official journal of the Association of Environmental and Resource Economists and publishes theoretical and empirical papers concerned with the linkage between economic systems and environmental and natural resources. It is generally regarded as the top journal in natural resources and environmental economics.
 MIND MGMT is an ongoing American comic book series created by Matt Kindt and published through Dark Horse Comics with an expected run of 36 issues. The first issue was released on May 23 2012 to good reviews and received a second printing in April 2013. The series continued to receive positive coverage into its second year.
 Souvenirs d'enfance (Childhood memories) is a series of autobiographical novels by French filmmaker and académicien Marcel Pagnol (1895–1974). Souvenirs d'enfance comprises four volumes covering the years from his birth in 1895 to about 1910 which were spent in Marseille with family summer holidays in La Treille about ten kilometres (six miles) away.
 Cocina (Spanish: Cuisine and/or Kitchen) is a Colombian-based monthly magazine published by Publicaciones Semana S.A.. It features recipes cooking tips culinary tourism information restaurant reviews chefs wine pairings and seasonal/holiday content going beyond the typical and traditional Colombian cuisine while still paying homage to them in certain issues.
 Against His-Story Against Leviathan! is a 1983 book by Fredy Perlman for which he is best known. It is a personal critical perspective on contemporary civilization and society. The work defined anarcho-primitivism for the first time and was a major source of inspiration for anti-civilization perspectives in contemporary anarchism most notably on the thought of philosopher John Zerzan.
 Gospodin Franjo is a novel by Slovenian author Fran Maselj - Podlimbarski. It was first published in 1913.
 Stark's War is the name of a series of military science fiction novels written by John G. Hemry. The series covers the invasion of the Moon by the military forces of Earth in a conqueror's role for the resources of the Moon as the resources of Earth (or The World as the citizens of the Moon refer to it) are not sufficient to sustain the American economy.
 The Optimist's Daughter is a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction winning 1972 short novel by Eudora Welty. It concerns a woman named Laurel who travels to New Orleans to take care of her father Judge McKelva after he has surgery for a detached retina. He fails to recover from the surgery though surrenders to his age and dies slowly as Laurel reads to him from Dickens. Her father's second wife Fay who is younger than Laurel is a shrewish outsider from Texas.
 The Mighty Barbarians: Great Sword and Sorcery Heroes is a 1969 anthology of fantasy short stories in the sword and sorcery subgenre edited by Hans Stefan Santesson. It was first published in paperback by Lancer Books in 1969 and was later followed up by the subsequent Lancer anthology The Mighty Swordsmen.The book collects five sword and sorcery tales of authors and protagonists prominent in the genre featuring Robert E. Howard's Conan Henry Kuttner's Elak Lin Carter's Thongor L.
 A weekly tabloid from The Daily Star (Bangladesh). Focusing on local and international media the tabloid is published every Saturday. With the slogan Your Weekly Dose of Entertainment Star Showbiz maintains a clear goal to promote Bangladeshi media to the elite society of the country.
 In Ballast to the White Sea was an unpublished novel by Malcolm Lowry his second which was lost in a fire which consumed his house in 1944. By that time the manuscript consisted of 1000 pages which had taken him 9 years to write. It was never re-written.
 A Nghu Night Falls (ISBN 0-8041-0267-8) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1988 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books. It is the fifth novel in Sherman's Night Fighter Series.
 The Human Farm: A Tale of Changing Lives and Changing Lands is a nonfiction book about sustainable farming in Honduras. It was published in 1994. It was written by Katie Smith Milway under the name Katie Smith. The Spanish translation La Finca Humana was published in 2004.
 Wolf is a young-adult novel by Gillian Cross published by Oxford in 1990. Set in London it features communal living terrorism and wolves (according to Library of Congress Subject Headings) and a teenage girl in relation to her mother father and paternal grandmother.Cross won the annual Carnegie Medal recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.
 Pure Nintendo Magazine (PNM) is a bi-monthly independently published magazine that features Nintendo related content and news. The first issue of PNM was published October 2011 by Pure Media LLC. PNM is available in print and digital (PDF) formats as well as having an interactive application for iOS and Android tablet devices.
 Boulevard magazine published by St. Louis University is an American literary magazine that publishes award-winning prose and poetry. Boulevard has been called one of the half-dozen best literary journals by Poet Laureate Daniel Hoffman in The Philadelphia Inquirer.
 Scots of the Riverina is a 1917 Australian bush poem by Henry Lawson. It relates the story of a boy who left his home in Riverina and is shunned by his family until he dies in World War I.
 The Great Night is a 2011 novel by American author Chris Adrian. Billed as a retelling of William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream the novel details the interaction on one night between the faerie kingdom about to be destroyed and three mortals heartbroken over lost relationships.
 The Smart Manager is India's first management magazine launched in 2002 and published quarterly; the magazine has since changed to a bi-monthly publishing frequency. The magazine is published by Spenta MultiMedia and was initially founded by Mumbai business people Gita Piramal Nitin Nohria and Sumantra Ghoshal with Piramal as the editor. The magazine has a knowledge partnership with CNBC-TV18 (the Indian venture of CNBC) and is hosted on their online platform.
 The Silver Chalice is a 1952 English language historical novel by Thomas B. Costain. It is the fictional story of the making of a silver chalice to hold the Holy Grail (itself here conflated with the Holy Chalice) and includes 1st century biblical and historical figures: Luke Joseph of Arimathea Simon Magus and his companion Helena and the apostle Peter.The story was inspired by the archeological discovery of a 1st-century silver chalice in Antioch (see Antioch Chalice).
 The Adventures of Leucippe and Clitophon (in Greek τὰ κατὰ Λευκίππην καὶ Kλειτoφῶντα) written by Achilles Tatius is one of the five surviving Ancient Greek romances notable for its many similarities to Longus' Daphnis and Chloe and its apparent mild parodic nature.
 To Ride Pegasus is a collection of four science fiction stories by Anne McCaffrey published by Ballantine Books in 1973 and later under its Del Rey imprint.Alternatively To Ride Pegasus is a novella the first chapter of the book and the one of four stories that was original to the collection.To Ride Pegasus originates the fictional premise of the Talents universe the setting for seven novels published 1990 to 2000: two more Pegasus books and five Tower and Hive books.
 The Pittsburgh Book of Contemporary American Poetry is a literary anthology of American poetry commemorating the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Pitt Poetry Series (1968-1993) one of the most prominent in the United States.The book provides lengthy selections—about three hundred lines of verse—of the forty-five poets who were in print with the series in its twenty-fifth anniversary year.
 The Passionate Friends is a 1913 novel by H. G. Wells.
 Gun Blaze West (ガン ブレイズ ウエスト Gan Bureizu Uesuto) is a manga series by Nobuhiro Watsuki and published in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump in 2001. The story follows Viu Bannes a young gunfighter on his journey towards a Gun Blaze West the place where the greatest gunmen go to test their strength.The manga is collected in three volumes and released in Germany and North America.
 The Orange Book: Reclaiming Liberalism (ISBN 1-86197-797-2) is a book written by a group of prominent British Liberal Democrat politicians and edited by David Laws and Paul Marshall in 2004.
 Le Philippevillois was a French language weekly newspaper published from Philippeville (present-day Skikda) Algeria. It was founded in 1919 and served as the official organ of the municipality. As of 1937 Eugène Hubinger was the director of the newspaper.
 Seven Seasons of Buffy is an academic publication relating to the fictional Buffyverse established by the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel.
 Educating Rita is a stage comedy by British playwright Willy Russell. It is a play for two actors set entirely in the office of an Open University lecturer.Commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company Educating Rita premièred at The Warehouse London in June 1980 starring Julie Walters and Mark Kingston. The play was directed by Mike Ockrent.
 An Army of Davids: How Markets and Technology Empower Ordinary People to Beat Big Media Big Government and Other Goliaths is a non-fiction book by Glenn Reynolds a law professor at the University of Tennessee also known as the blogger 'Instapundit'.
 Island Gazette is a weekly newspaper based in Carolina Beach North Carolina. The newspaper is owned by Seaside Press Co. Inc..
 Red Sox Rule is a book written by Michael Holley that documents the 2007 Boston Red Sox season a year in which they won the American League pennant and went on to win the World Series.
 Hello (stylized as HELLO!) is a weekly magazine specializing in celebrity news and human-interest stories published in the United Kingdom since 1988. Hello is sister magazine to ¡Hola! the Spanish weekly magazine launched in Spain in 1944. ¡HOLA! Spanish Hello UK and ¡HOLA! Mexican – launched in 2006 – make up the magazines published by HOLA S.A and distributed in over 100 countries.
 The Temple (1996) is a third-person narrative short story by the writer Joyce Carol Oates.
 The Simpson & Day Field Guide to the Birds of Australia is one of the main national bird field guides used by Australian birders which over the years has evolved through several revised and updated editions. Total sales exceed 500000 copies.
 In the Heart of the Sea: The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex is a book by American writer Nathaniel Philbrick about the loss of the Whaleship Essex in the Pacific Ocean in 1820. It was published by Viking Press on May 8 2000 and won the 2000 National Book Award for Nonfiction. It is being adapted into a film of the same name scheduled for release in 2014.
 Kidsguide is a bi-annual magazine serving families in the southern Los Angeles and western Orange County areas. The magazine provides editorial content and directory information for several thousand services for children families and communities. Kidsguide can be found at public libraries YMCAs Boys and Girls Clubs Girl/Boy Scout Offices and various child-friendly establishments throughout the service areas.
 HaOlam HaZeh (Hebrew: העולם הזה‎ lit. This World) was a weekly news magazine published in Israel until 1993.The magazine was founded in 1937 under the name Tesha BaErev (Hebrew: תשע בערב Nine in the Evening) but was renamed HaOlam HaZeh in 1946. In 1950 it was bought by Uri Avnery Shalom Cohen and two others who soon withdrew.Under Avnery's leadership the magazine became famous for its highly unorthodox and irreverent style.
 The OMAC Project is a six issue American comic book limited series written by Greg Rucka with art by Jesus Saiz and published by DC Comics in 2005.
 Fledgling is a science fiction vampire novel by American writer Octavia Butler published in 2005.
 Death of a Salesman is a 1949 play written by American playwright Arthur Miller. It was the recipient of the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and Tony Award for Best Play. The play premiered on Broadway in February 1949 running for 742 performances and has been revived on Broadway four times winning three Tony Awards for Best Revival.
 The Wild Geese is a novel by Rhodesian author Daniel Carney published by Bantam Books. He originally titled it The Thin White Line but it went unpublished until its film adaptation The Wild Geese was made.At first Carney could not get his novel published but for a chance meeting with film producer Euan Lloyd. Lloyd loved the story[citation needed] about mercenaries in Africa on a mission to rescue a deposed leader and purchased the rights to film the novel.
 Fluide Glacial is a monthly Franco-Belgian comics magazine and a publishing house founded on April 1 1975 by Marcel Gotlib and Jacques Diament. During its years of publication it has featured the work of French and international authors and graphic artists such as Jacques Lob Luc Nisset Édika Claire Bretécher Jean Solé François Boucq Moebius Jean-Claude Mézières Loup Daniel Goossens and André Franquin. It now sells some 120000 copies a month. It is owned by Groupe Flammarion.
 Poison In Jest first published in 1932 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which does not feature any of Carr's series detectives. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Out of This Furnace is a historical novel and the best-known work of the American writer Thomas Bell (1903–1961).	The novel is set in Braddock Pennsylvania a steel town just east of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania along the Monongahela River. It was first published in 1941 by Little Brown and Company.
 Bush's Brain: How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential is a book by James Moore and Wayne Slater that chronicles the political career of Karl Rove and the role he has played in the elections of George W. Bush both when running for Governor of Texas and for President. It was published in 2003 by John Wiley & Sons Inc. ISBN 0-471-47140-2.In 2004 a documentary film was directed and produced by Joseph Mealey and Michael Paradies Shoob with the shortened title Bush's Brain.
 Risk is a magazine covering financial risk management and the global derivatives markets. It includes papers on option pricing and hedging market risk credit risk swaps and Monte Carlo methods. Articles include news comment and mathematical papers on an aspect of derivatives risk and pricing. Risk has a tradition of covers featuring pieces of abstract modern art. It has been described as Incisive Media's flagship financial management title.
 The Worst Band In The Universe is a science fiction children's book written and illustrated by Graeme Base published in 1999 by Harry N. Abrams Inc.. The book comes with a CD containing music based on a music competition that occurs in the middle of the story.
 Poor Arnold's Alamanac was a newspaper comic strip by Arnold Roth. Each installment covered a single subject with Roth devising gags on such topics as baseball dogs commuting elephants ice cream smoking and the telephone. Roth wrote and drew Poor Arnold's Almanac from 1959 to 1961 and again from 1989 to 1990.
 The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing is a 1999 collection of linked short stories by Melissa Bank. The stories follow the main character Jane Rosenal starting with her life at age 14.The Girls' Guide to Hunting And Fishing spent 16 weeks on The New York Times Best Seller list. It was a bestseller in both the United States and the United Kingdom.
 Wash This Blood Clean From My Hand (French: Sous les vents de Neptune lit. Under Neptune's Winds) is a crime novel by French author Fred Vargas originally published in France in 2004.The novel is part of her Commissaire Adamsberg series. As with many of Vargas' novels in English translation the English title is not a literal translation.
 The Virginia Environmental Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: Va. Envtl. L.J.) is a law review edited by students at the University of Virginia School of Law. The journal covers research and discussion in the areas of environmental and natural resource law on a broad array of topics from environmental justice to corporate liability. The Journal is perennially ranked among the top five environmental law journals in the country.
 The Silo is a fortnightly agricultural newspaper printed and distributed in Lesotho.
 Latvijas Kareivis (English: Latvian Soldier) was an official daily newspaper of Latvian Army from February 1 1920 to August 9 1940.Initially it was published 3 times in a week but from March 7 1920 it was published six times in the week. At the beginning Latvijas Kareivis was 2 pages long but later in some circulations it consisted of 32 pages.
 The Storms of Chai is a forthcoming game book in the Lone Wolf series by Joe Dever. It is part of the New Order series which details the adventures of one of Lone Wolf's disciples in the New Kai Order and not Lone Wolf himself. The book is set in MS 5102 18 years after the ending of book 28 The Hunger of Sejanoz.
 The Wiltshire Times is a weekly newspaper published in Trowbridge Wiltshire in South West England. The paper serves the west Wiltshire towns of Bradford on Avon Trowbridge Corsham Chippenham Warminster Westbury and Melksham as well as many of the small villages in the west Wiltshire area.
 Deep Domain is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Howard Weinstein.
 The Last Mughal The Fall of a Dynasty Delhi 1857 is a 2006 historical book by William Dalrymple.
 Dark Celebration is a paranormal/suspense novel written by American author Christine Feehan. Published in 2006 it is the 17th book in her Dark Series. and is unique among the other books in the series offering glimpses of life from previous characters from the series as well as introducing new characters.
 The Cobra Event is a 1998 thriller novel by Richard Preston describing an attempted bioterrorism attack on the United States. The perpetrator of the attack has genetically engineered a virus called Cobra that fuses the incurable and highly contagious common cold with one of the world's most virulent diseases smallpox.
 The Threepenny Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1980. It is published in Berkeley California by founding editor Wendy Lesser. Maintaining a quarterly schedule (March June September December) it offers fiction memoirs poetry essays and criticism to a readership of 10000. Without the support of patrons or a university the publication has an annual budget of $200000.
 Spriggan (スプリガン  Supurigan) is a manga series written by Hiroshi Takashige and illustrated by Ryōji Minagawa during the early 1990s.
 The Hawk Eternal is the 1995 fantasy novel sequel to Ironhand's Daughter written by David Gemmell and features the second appearance of his Heroine - Sigarni - The Hawk Queen.
 The Journal of Peptide Science is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1995 by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the European Peptide Society. The current editor-in-chief is Luis Moroder (Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry).
 The Lover (French: L'Amant) is an autobiographical novel by Marguerite Duras published in 1984 by Les Éditions de Minuit. It has been translated to 43 languages and was awarded the 1984 Prix Goncourt. It was adapted to film in 1992 as The Lover.
 The James Bond Car Collection was a partwork magazine published by Eaglemoss Publications in the United Kingdom. In the UK each issue was priced at £7.99 (issue 1: £2.99) and came with a 1:43 model of a car in a diorama from a James Bond film. Initially the models were produced by Universal Hobbies later issues were models sourced from Ixo. In late 2005/January 2006 the magazine was first tested in two French regions ending after five issues.
 La Stampa is an Italian daily newspaper published in Turin. It is distributed in Italy and other European nations. The publication is owned by Fiat SpA.
 Project 17 is a young adult novel written by Laurie Faria Stolarz published by Hyperion Books in 2007. It tells the tale of six teens who break into the abandoned mental institution The Danvers State Hospital.
 Fractured is the second novel in the Atlanta series from bestselling author Karin Slaughter. The first book is Triptych. This book was published in 2008. These books star Will Trent a dyslexic Georgia Bureau of Investigation agent. The books also feature Angie Polaski and Faith Mitchell. Slaughter also writes the Grant County series. The audio book is narrated by Phil Gigante.
 Operation Destruct is a 1969 spy novel by Christopher Nicole written in the context of the Cold War and contests in international espionage between the West and the Soviet Union. In his first novel British intelligence assigns Agent Jonathan Anders to investigate the death of another of their agents aboard a Russian trawler.
 The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing is a novel written by Marilyn Durham first published in 1972.
 The Encyclopedia of Performing Arts (Italian: Enciclopedia dello Spettacolo; sometimes cited as Enciclopedio dello Spettacolo) was an Italian language specialty encyclopedia of performing arts published between 1954 and 1965. Its first editor was the Italian theatre critic and journalist Silvio D'Amico. Considered to be the most comprehensive international performing arts encyclopedia it is included in the reference section of many libraries.
 Earthlight is a science fiction novel by British writer Arthur C. Clarke published in 1955. It is an expansion to novel length of a short story that he had published four years earlier.
 Uppercase Magazine is a quarterly craft fashion illustration and design journal published by Janine Vangool in Calgary Alberta. The first issue was released in June 2009 and included articles about the history of the screw Heini Koskinen’s fashion design Blanca Gomez's illustrations and Karyn Valino's Toronto crafting business The Workroom.
 101 Ways to Bug Your Teacher is a 2004 children's book written by Lee Wardlaw. It is the sequel to 101 Ways To Bug Your Parents. The book focuses on Stephen Wyatt a middle school inventor who must overcome his inventor's block that developed when his parents reveal they are planning to have him skip eighth grade leaving his friends behind in middle school when he goes off to high school.The idea for this novel came from Wardlaw's five years of experience as an elementary school educator.
 Celia en el mundo (Celia in the world or Celia out in the world) is the fourth installment in the series of Celia novels by Spanish children's author Elena Fortún. Originally published in the year 1934 the novel continues the adventures of Celia in a series now considered classics of Spanish children's literature.
 Blue Eyes Black Hair (French: Les Yeux bleus cheveux noirs) is a 1986 novel by the French writer Marguerite Duras. It tells the story of a couple who meet by chance in a small vacation town. The man is homosexual and has recently fallen in love with a man with blue eyes and black hair. After meeting the woman at a cafe he pays the woman to come to his room so that he can look at her presumably in order to learn something about women or love.
 Gastroenterology is the official medical journal of the American Gastroenterological Association. Its first issue was published in 1943. It is currently published by Elsevier. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 12.821 ranking it first out of 74 journals in the category Gasteroenterology & Hepatology.
 Sweeney Astray: A Version from the Irish is a version of the Irish poem Buile Shuibhne written by Seamus Heaney and published in 1983. It is based on an earlier translation by J.G. O'Keeffe.
 Big Nate: Strikes Again is a realistic fiction novel by Lincoln Peirce. It is the second book in the Big Nate series released on October 19 2010. It is aimed at children aged 8 to 12. It was published by HarperCollins Publishers. The book has a 13928 sale rank.
 Burn is a science fiction novella published in 2005 by James Patrick Kelly. It won the 2007 Nebula Award for Best Novella.
 Ireland: Landscapes of God's Peace is Máire Brennan's (Moya Brennan) 2000 book. It contains Celtic prayers lyrics to Brennan's Perfect Time album and her personal thoughts on Ireland Christianity and Celtic culture. The book comes in a set with the Perfect Time album although it now considered a collectors item by Brennan's fans.
 The Agatya (also transliterated as The Agattya) was a Bangladeshi monthly periodical which began publishing in 1949. Its main focus was on literature and culture in Bangladesh and it was considered very popular before the advent of newer publications.
 Your Pilot's License is a book published in 2003 by Jerry A. Eichenberger. It was published by McGraw Hill as part of the Practical Flying Series. The book details aspects of training such as practice maneuvers and cross country planning. It is written in a Laymen's style for beginners to aviation.
 The Monster Manual (MM Monstrous Manual or Monstrous Compendium) is the primary bestiary sourcebook for monsters in the Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) fantasy role-playing game. It includes monsters derived from mythology and folklore as well as creatures created for D&D specifically. It describes each with game-specific statistics (such as the monster's level or number of hit dice) and a brief description of its habits and habitats. Most of the entries also have an image of the creature.
 The Salon is a graphic novel written and illustrated by Nick Bertozzi. Originally published in installments on the website serializer.net in 2002 it was eventually published in its entirety by St. Martin's Press in April 2007.
 Masters of Sex: The Life and Times of William Masters and Virginia Johnson the Couple Who Taught America How to Love is a 2009 biography by Thomas Maier. The book chronicles both the early lives and work of Dr. William Masters and Virginia Johnson two American sexologists of the Masters and Johnson research team that studied human sexuality from 1957 to the 1990s.
 Chinese Takeout is a novel written by American author playwright and poet Arthur Nersesian. The novel was dedicated To the memory of Tom Reiss teacher artist friend (1957-2002). It was released in 2003 by HarperCollins Publishers to generally positive reviews.
 The Secret World of Terijian is a children's tale depicting the story of two children protecting their forest from industrial development. It was originally a self-published in St Paul Minnesota zine and was later officially published by CrimethInc. NorthStar Collective in November 2007. An excerpt from the book previously ran in Rolling Thunder.
 Thinakaran is a daily Tamil newspaper in Sri Lanka. It is published by Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited. Its sister newspaper are Sunday Observer Silumina Dinamina and Daily News. The daily newspaper has a circulation of 50000 and its sunday version Thinakaran Varamanjari 70000 per issue.
 Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist is Alexander Berkman's account of his experience in prison in Western Penitentiary of Pennsylvania in Pittsburgh from 1892 to 1906. First published in 1912 by Emma Goldman's Mother Earth press it has become a classic in autobiographical literature.
 Mirrorshades: The Cyberpunk Anthology (1986) is a defining cyberpunk short story collection edited by Bruce Sterling.
 Infinity Blues is a book of free verse poetry by singer-songwriter Ryan Adams published by Akashic Books. The book was set for its official release April 1 2009. However it became available in some markets on February 20 2009. According to Adams it contains five chapters about how one person found himself by losing himself.
 Photochemistry and Photobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original research papers rapid communications research notes technical notes invited articles and reviews covering photochemistry and photobiology.
 The Sharing Knife: Legacy is a fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold published in 2007. It is the second book in the The Sharing Knife series.
 Manchester Slingback is a crime novel by Nicholas Blincoe set in the Canal Street area of Manchester the city's Gay Village. The novel contrasts the underground status of the village during the 1980s when the city's Chief Constable was James Anderton with its flourishing as a tourist attraction in the 1990s.Manchester Slingback won the Crime Writer's Association Silver Dagger in 1998.
 The Ship of Ishtar is a fantasy novel by A. Merritt. Originally published as a magazine serial in 1924 it has appeared in book form innumerable times.
 The World Is Full of Married Men is the debut novel of British author Jackie Collins first published in 1968 by W. H. Allen.
 Sportske novosti is a Croatian daily sports newspaper based in Zagreb.It was first published as a weekly magazine on 9 August 1945 (then called Ilustrirane fiskulturne novine). It changed its name to Narodni sport on 10 December 1945. Since March 1949 it was published twice a week and since 1951 three times per week.In 1962 it was acquired by the Vjesnik publishing company. Its name was changed to Sportske novosti on 1 March 1962 and from then on it was published five times per week.
 The Kitsap Sun is a newspaper in Bremerton Washington that covers general news. It serves the West Sound covering Kitsap Jefferson and Mason counties has a circulation of about 30000 and reaches over 100000 adult readers seven days a week.The Sun was first published in 1935 and named the Sun to compete with the Seattle Star directly across Puget Sound. Four years later the circulation of the Sun surpassed that of its competitor.In 1940 John P.
 Eline Vere is an 1889 novel by the Dutch writer Louis Couperus. It was adapted into the 1991 film Eline Vere directed by Harry Kümel. Couperus wrote Eline Vere in the house at Surinamestraat 20 The Hague.
 The Tamworth Herald is a weekly tabloid newspaper published every Thursday in Tamworth Staffordshire England. Its offices are based in Ventura Park Road Bitterscote and its current editor is Gary Phelps. The newspaper covers events across Tamworth and south Staffordshire as well as North Warwickshire.The newspaper was founded as a broadsheet in 1868 by businessman Daniel Addison and the original offices were based in Silver Street.
 Leviathan Wakes is a 2011 science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey (pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck). It is about a conflict in the solar system that involves Earth Mars and the Asteroid Belt (colonies of people living on asteroids referred to as Belters). It is the first book in The Expanse series.
 Beyond Therapy is a play by Christopher Durang.The farcical comedy focuses on Prudence and Bruce two Manhattanites who are seeking stable romantic relationships with the help of their psychiatrists each of whom suggests the patient place a personal ad. Bruce is a highly emotional bisexual who tends to cry easily a trait homophobic Prudence sees as a weakness.
 In the Wings: Behind the Scenes at the New York City Ballet is a book by Kyle Froman. It was released in September 2007 in hardcover.In this book Kyle Froman explores the physically demanding life of New York City Ballet dancers.
 The Real Frank Zappa Book is an autobiography/memoir by Frank Zappa co-written by Peter Occhiogrosso and published by Poseidon Press. The text is copyright 1989 Frank Zappa and copyright 1990 Simon & Schuster Inc.. Since 1999 the book has been published in paperback by Touchstone Books.
 Gorky Park is a 1981 crime novel written by Martin Cruz Smith set in the Soviet Union.Gorky Park is the first book in a series which also includes Polar Star and Red Square which are set during the Soviet era. Five more books with the character Arkady Renko which all take place after the fall of the Soviet Union have been published.
 The Power of the Land (Russian: Власть земли) is a collection of sketches by Gleb Uspensky first published in Otechestvennye zapiski #1-3 1882. It caused a heated discussion in the press was praised by liberals and lambasted by right-wing conservatives and is regarded in retrospect as Uspensky's major work.
 The Kentish Express is a weekly newspaper serving southern Kent. It is published in four editions - Ashford Folkestone Hythe and the Romney Marsh and Tenterden. It is owned by the KM Group and is published on Thursdays.
 Warhol-o-rama is a book of American poetry that examines the life—and robust afterlife—of the artist Andy Warhol (1928–1987).A poetic sequence by Peter Oresick it employs techniques of multiple perspective and Warholian parody and appropriation often to humorous effect.
 The Demon Under the Microscope: From Battlefield Hospitals to Nazi Labs One Doctor's Heroic Search for the World's First Miracle Drug is a 2006 nonfiction book about the discovery of Prontosil the first commercially available antibacterial antibiotic and sulfanilamide the second commercial antibiotic. Prontosil was the first commercially available antibacterial antibiotic (with a relatively broad effect against Gram-positive cocci.
 The American Diary of a Japanese Girl is the first English language novel published in the United States by a Japanese writer. Acquired for Frank Leslie's Illustrated Monthly Magazine by editor Ellery Sedgwick in 1901 it appeared in two excerpted installments in November and December of that year with illustrations by Genjiro Yeto. In 1902 it was published in book form by the New York firm of Frederick A. Stokes.
 The Daughter of Erlik Khan is an El Borak short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in December 1934 issue of the pulp magazine Top-Notch.
 The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis is a fantasy novel by C. J. Cutcliffe Hyne.
 The Last Dragonslayer is a fantasy novel by Jasper Fforde. It is set in an alternate world in which magic is real but has become weakened and is also being replaced by modern technology. The setting is almost like modern Britain except that it is split into a number of small states.
 Itsumo Misora (いつも美空 lit. Always Misora) is a fantasy and sports manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It was published by Shogakukan in the magazine Weekly Shōnen Sunday from issue 22/23 in 2000 through issue 24 in 2001 and collected in five tankōbon.The story revolves around six children and a cat who save a religious icon from a fire at a temple in reward for which the temple god grants each of them a power that activates on their 13th birthdays.
 The Night Land is a classic horror novel by William Hope Hodgson first published in 1912. As a work of fantasy it belongs to the Dying Earth subgenre. Hodgson also published a much shorter version of the novel entitled The Dream of X.The importance of The Night Land was recognised by its later revival in paperback by Ballantine Books which republished the work in two parts as the forty-ninth and fiftieth volumes of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in July 1972.H. P.
 Marvel: The End is a six-issue comic book series published in 2003 by Marvel Comics. It was written and penciled by Jim Starlin and inked by Al Milgrom. The series was collected in trade paperback format as Thanos: The End.
 Burning Bright is a 1950 novella by John Steinbeck written as an experiment with producing a play in novel format. Rather than providing only the dialogue and brief stage directions as would be expected in a play Steinbeck fleshes out the scenes with details of both the characters and the environment. The intention was to allow the play to be read by the non-theatrical reader while still allowing the dialogue to be lifted and performed with little adaptation by acting companies.
 World's Finest Comics was an American comic book series published by DC Comics from 1941 to 1986. The series was initially titled World's Best Comics for its first issue; issue #2 (Summer 1941) switched to the more familiar name.
 The Library Policeman is a novella by author Stephen King. It is the third story in his 1990 collection Four Past Midnight. It tells of Sam Peebles and his battle against an age-old fear.
 La Loi ('The Law') was a daily newspaper published from Paris France founded in 1880 by A. Chevalier-Maresq. La Loi was dedicated to covering legal issues. As of the mid-1930s H. Frennelet was the director of the newspaper.
 The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke (ISBN 0-575-07065-X) first published in 2001 is a collection of almost all science fiction stories written by Arthur C. Clarke: it includes 114 in all arranged in order of publication Travel by Wire! in 1937 through to Improving the Neighbourhood in 1999. The story Improving The Neighbourhood has the distinction of being the first fiction published in the journal Nature.
 For the TV-series see The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole (TV series).The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole Aged 13¾ is the first book in the Adrian Mole series of comedic fiction written by Sue Townsend. The book is written in a diary style and focuses on the worries and regrets of a teenager who believes himself to be an intellectual.
 A Case of Need is a mystery novel written by Michael Crichton under the pseudonym Jeffery Hudson. It was first published in 1968 by The World Publishing Company (New York) and won an Edgar Award in 1969. The novel was adapted into the 1972 film The Carey Treatment and was re-released in 1993 under Crichton's own name. The novel is well known for tackling the issues of abortion and racism as they were in late 1960s America.
 The World Health Report (WHR) is a series of reports produced regularly by the World Health Organization (WHO). First published in 1995 the World Health Report is WHO's leading publication. Published annually or biennially in multiple languages each report includes an expert assessment of a specific global health topic relating to all countries that are Member States of the organization.
 Book of Longing is the first new poetry book by Leonard Cohen since 1984's Book of Mercy. First published in 2006 by McClelland and Stewart Book of Longing contains 167 previously unpublished poems and drawings mostly written at a Zen monastery on Mount Baldy in California where Cohen lived from 1994 to 1999 and in India which he visited regularly during the late 1990s.
 Beautiful Lady & Television is a Japanese monthly television magazine published by Tokyo News Service. The magazine is popularly known as B.L.T..The magazine was first published 24 September 1997 targeting the market of young males aged up to 20. It contained nothing but women idols and monthly television listings. The magazine is available in different editions for the Kanto Kansai Chubu Hokkaido and Kyushu regions (NHK and five local television stations in Fukuoka).
 The Pale Horseman is a novel by Bernard Cornwell based in 9th Century Wessex and Cornwall and is the second book in his The Saxon Stories series. The book is the sequel to The Last Kingdom and starts where that tale left off. Lord Uhtred of Bebbanburg arrives at King Alfred of Wessex's court to proclaim his victory over the Danish Chieftain Ubba Lothbrokson only to find that Ealdorman Odda the Younger of Defnascir has taken the glory for himself and been named leader of Alfred's bodyguard.
 The Journal of the Southwest is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by the Southwest Center at the University of Arizona with a focus on the American Southwest and adjacent northwestern Mexico.
 Dog eat Doug (often abbreviated DeD) is a comic strip written and illustrated by Brian Anderson. It began in 2004 as a webcomic that ran on the cartoonist's homepage and Comics Sherpa and was later picked up for newspaper syndication through Creators Syndicate. The newspaper run began on November 14 2005.The Dog in the title refers to Sophie a female chocolate lab; Doug is the baby of Sophie's owners. The two share a love-hate relationship in their everyday lives and imaginations.
 The Kansas City Star is a McClatchy newspaper based in Kansas City Missouri in the United States. Published since 1880 the paper is the recipient of eight Pulitzer Prizes. The Star is most notable for its influence on the career of President Harry Truman and as the newspaper where a young Ernest Hemingway honed his writing style and for being central to government-mandated divestiture of radio and television outlets by newspaper concerns in the late 1950s.
 Foxes' Oven is a novel by the English writer Michael de Larrabeiti. It is set in the village of Offham near Arundel in West Sussex in 1940. It was published by Robert Hale in 2003.
 Galápagos is the eleventh novel written by American author Kurt Vonnegut. The novel questions the merit of the human brain from an evolutionary perspective. The title is both a reference to the islands on which part of the story plays out and a tribute to Charles Darwin on whose theory Vonnegut relies to reach his own conclusions. It was first published in 1985 by Delacorte Press.
 Happy Happy Clover (はぴはぴクローバー Hapi Hapi Kurōbā) is a Shōjo manga series created and illustrated by Tatsuyama Sayuri serialized in Shogakukan's shōjo magazine Ciao in August 2005 to November 2008. 5 tankōbon Volumes were serialized in April 2006 to November 2008. An anime adaptation ran from July 6 2007 to 28 September 2007 adapting some of the chapters of the manga series. Viz Media currently holds the License for the Manga series.
 Armed Forces Journal (AFJ) is a monthly journal for American military officers and leaders in government and industry.Founded in 1863 as a weekly newspaper AFJ is published today by Gannett Government Media part of Gannett Company (NYSE:GCI).
 The Spectrum is an independent student newspaper published in Buffalo New York. It is published three times weekly at the University at Buffalo. The Spectrum began publishing in 1950 and has since become the largest student-run newspaper in the SUNY state school system. The paper is located at 132 Student Union at the University at Buffalo. It is printed at an off-site press but distributed to multiple areas on the university's North and South campuses.
 Lexikos is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of lexicography established in 1991. It is published by Bureau of the Woordeboek van die Afrikaanse Taal of the association the African Association for Lexicography. It became the official journal of the latter in 1996. It appears annually and publishes contributions in English Afrikaans Dutch French and German (with abstracts in English). The editor in chief is Johan C. M. D. du Plessis.
 Red Sky at Morning is a 1968 novel by Richard Bradford. It was made into a 1971 film of the same name. The book follows Josh Arnold a young man whose family relocates from Mobile Alabama to Corazon Sagrado New Mexico during World War II. It was regarded as a true delight (Washington Post Book World) and a novel of consequence (New York Times Book Review). Today it is still regarded as a classic coming-of-age story.
 The Perfect Murder is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. The novel is the first appearance of Keating's serial detective Inspector Ghote of Mumbai police in which his investigation of the apparent murder of the Parsi Mr Perfect was assisted informally by the Swedish UNESCO analyst Axel Svensson. The novel which Keating wrote without ever having been to India won a Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger Award in 1964 and was adapted into a film in 1988 by Merchant Ivory.
 Lost Generation is a novel series that Turkish writer Hikmet Temel Akarsu penned between the years 1987-1992. The other tag given to this generation who were born between 1955-1965 and had to live through several periods of agitation economical crises and political conflict is Generation X.
 Venezuela Heroica: Cuadros históricos is a Venezuelan novel. It was written by Eduardo Blanco and published in 1881 with an expanded second edition in 1883. It is Blanco's main work and presents a classic romantic view of history as an epic. Venezuela heroica is structured in five vignettes that depict the main battles and heroes of the Venezuelan War of Independence.
 Starstruck is a 1980 science fiction comedy play written by Elaine Lee with contributions from Susan Norfleet Lee and Dale Place. It was performed in New York City in 1980 and 1983 and spawned an ongoing comics series and audioplays.
 When HARLIE Was One is a 1972 science fiction novel by David Gerrold. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1972 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1973. The novel a fix-up of previously published short stories was published as an original paperback by Ballantine Books in 1972 with an accompanying Science Fiction Book Club release. A revised version subtitled Release 2.0 was published in 1988 by Bantam Books.
 Exchange Value (1981) is a short story written by Charles R. Johnson. Set in Chicago where Johnson himself lived for a time this story addresses the corrupting power of money and wealth and the problem of hoarding which is accumulating food money and other things for future use as two brothers steal from a deceased woman whose outward signs of poverty and begging belied her true nature: a rich yet cheap woman who hid her wealth away.
 The History Boys is a play by British playwright Alan Bennett. The play premiered at the Royal National Theatre in London on 18 May 2004. Its Broadway debut was on 23 April 2006 at the Broadhurst Theatre where 185 performances were staged before it closed on 1 October 2006.[citation needed]The play won multiple awards including the 2005 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Play and the 2006 Tony Award for Best Play.
 The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas is a 1973 short story by Ursula K. Le Guin. It is a philosophical parable with a sparse plot featuring bare and abstract descriptions of characters; the city of Omelas is the primary focus of the narrative.The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Short Fiction in 1974 and won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1974
 Yedioth Ahronoth (Hebrew: ידיעות אחרונות‎ About this sound Yedi'ot Aharonot  lit. Latest News) is a daily newspaper published in Tel Aviv Israel. Since the 1930s it has been the most widely circulated paper in Israel. In a TGI survey of the media comparing the last half of 2009 with the same period in 2008 Yedioth Ahronoth retained the title of most widely read newspaper in Israel but saw its market share fall slightly from 35.9 to 33.9 percent.
 Kri na dlaneh is a novel by Slovenian author Robert Titan Felix. It was first published in 2004.
 This article is about the book. For the 1956 documentary see The Silent WorldThe Silent World (subtitle: A story of undersea discovery and adventure by the first men to swim at record depths with the freedom of fish) is a 1953 book co-authored by Captain Jacques-Yves Cousteau and Frédéric Dumas and edited by James Dugan. Although a French national Cousteau wrote the book in English.
 Cypherpunks: Freedom and the Future of the Internet is a 2012 book by Julian Assange in discussion with internet activists and cypherpunks Jacob Appelbaum Andy Müller-Maguhn and Jérémie Zimmermann. Its primary topic is society's relationship with computer security. In the book the authors warn that the Internet has become a tool of the police state and that the world is inadvertently heading toward a form of totalitarianism.
 This article is about the novel by Roddy Doyle. For the American journalist see Paula Spencer (US journalist).Paula Spencer (2006) is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle.
 Wise Son: The White Wolf is a four-issue comic book limited series by Ho Che Anderson. It was published by Milestone Media in July 1996.
 The Story of Civilization by husband and wife Will and Ariel Durant is an eleven-volume set of books covering Western history for the general reader. The volumes sold well for many years and sets of them were frequently offered by book clubs.The series was written over a span of more than four decades. It totals four million words across nearly 10000 pages but is incomplete.
 Kannada Prabha is a morning daily jointly owned by Jupiter Capital and The New Indian Express Group is a major Kannada newspaper in Karnataka. The tag line on its masthead is The Most Powerful Kannada Newspaper. It was founded by Ramnath Goenka.
 Canada is a 2012 novel by American author Richard Ford. The novel follows 15-year-old Dell Parsons who must learn to fend for himself after his parents are arrested for robbing a bank. The book also re-visits Great Falls Montana a setting that Ford frequently uses in his work.
 Traitor's Purse is a crime novel written by Margery Allingham. It was originally published in 1941 in the United Kingdom by Heinemann London and in the United States by Doubleday New York as The Sabotage Murder Mystery. It is the eleventh novel in the Albert Campion series and is set during the Second World War.
 Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith is a novelization of Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith written by Matthew Stover and published on April 2 2005 by Del Rey Books.The plot of the book corresponds with that of the movie beginning and ending at the same points. There are several elements added not seen in the film (Lorth Needa as commander of the Integrity at the Battle of Coruscant for example) while several sections of the plot are removed for pacing.
 The Virgin Book of British Hit Singles is a charts reference book published in October 2008. It replaces the Guinness Book of British Hit Singles & Albums after the Guinness company withdrew interest in chart reference books at the same time their contract was due to expire. The last edition was published in 2006 covering all chart hits between 1952-2005.
 Hozon Kagaku (保存科学) (lit. 'Conservation Science') is an annual open-access academic journal of conservation science particularly as applied to the Cultural Properties of Japan. It is published in Japanese with summaries in English by the Tokyo Research Institute for Cultural Properties.
 The Albuquerque Journal is the largest newspaper in the U.S. state of New Mexico.
 By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept is a novel of prose poetry written by the Canadian author Elizabeth Smart (1913–1986) and published in 1945. It is widely considered to be a classic of the genre.
 Terminus is a monologue play by Mark O'Rowe. Written entirely in rhyme the play follows three characters over the course of a single night in Dublin: a former schoolteacher (A) her lonely estranged daughter (B) and a serial killer who has sold his soul to the Devil (C).Terminus premiered at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin on June 9 2007 before transferring to the Traverse Theatre as part of the Edinburgh Fringe Festival where it won a Fringe First Award in 2008.
 Promises in Death (2009) is a novel by J. D. Robb. It is the 28th novel in the In Death series.
 A Song for Lya is the first collection of stories by science fiction and fantasy writer George R. R. Martin published as a paperback original by Avon Books in 1976. It was reprinted by different publishers in 1978 and in 2001. The title is sometimes rendered A Song for Lya and Other Stories. A Song for Lya won the 1977 Locus Poll as the year's best story collection.
 Geometry & Topology is a peer-refereed international mathematics research journal devoted to geometry and topology and their applications. It is currently based at the University of Warwick United Kingdom and published by Mathematical Sciences Publishers a nonprofit academic publishing organisation.It was founded in 1997 by a group of topologists who were dissatisfied with recent substantial rises in subscription prices of journals published by major publishing corporations.
 Sleeping Beauty is a 1973 novel by Ross Macdonald.
 Undead and Unworthy is the seventh book in the Undead series by MaryJanice Davidson; it came out in 2008.
 The Kashmir Walla is a monthly online magazine that focuses on society art and politics. It publishes features profiles opinion pieces investigative pieces reportage along with art photography fiction and poetry. It also publishes interviews personal narrative pieces and reviews. A team of journalists activists freelancers artists and poets contribute to the magazine apart from the coverage by its staff writers.
 Dragon Magic is an optional supplemental source book for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game.
 The L.A.W. (Living Assault Weapons) was a six-issue American comic book limited series published by DC Comics.The starring team The L.A.W. consisted of Charlton Comics characters Blue Beetle The Question Judomaster Captain Atom The Peacemaker Nightshade and Sarge Steel. The first issue marked the first appearance of Mitchell Black as The Peacemaker as well as the first appearance of super-villain Avatar.
 The Levant (Romanian: Levantul) is a 1990 epic poem by the Romanian writer Mircea Cărtărescu. Consisting of twelve cantos in verse the narrative begins in the early 19th century and follows a band of Wallachian adventurers and pirates who return to their native land in an attempt to overthrow an oppressor. Cărtărescu uses the poem to highlight the Oriental influences in Romanian culture.
 Camp Concentration is a 1968 science fiction novel by American author Thomas M. Disch. After being serialized in New Worlds in 1967 it was published by Hart-Davis in the UK in 1968 and by Doubleday in the US in 1969. Translations have been published in Dutch French German and Italian.
 Club International is a British magazine that depicts softcore pornographic pictures of women. It is a sister magazine of American magazine Club. Club International was founded in 1972 and is published every four weeks making thirteen issues per year. Each edition consists of one hundred printed pages and is staple-bound with the exception of the slightly larger 'special edition' published at the start of each new volume which has some 120 pages and flat glued binding.
 The Palatka Daily News is a local newspaper published in Palatka Florida USA. Founded in 1885 the paper circulates every Tuesday through Saturday. Coverage includes local news sports and community events in Putnam County. Other spin-off publications are also in print. The group is owned by Community Newspapers Incorporated based in Athens Georgia.
 Room at the Top is a novel by John Braine first published in the United Kingdom by Eyre & Spottiswoode in 1957 about the rise of an ambitious young man of humble origin and the socio-economic struggles undergone in realising his social ambitions in post-war Britain. A film adaptation was made in 1959 followed in 2012 by a TV film.
 Young Dracula and Young Monsters is a children's fantasy novel by Michael Lawrence. The book loosely based on the premise explored in Bram Stoker's horror novel Dracula follows the light-hearted adventures of Count Dracula's children. The novel was adapted into the CBBC children's drama series Young Dracula.
 Voyage au pays des arbres is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio. A little boy is bored and dreams of traveling deep into the forest where he meets a profound old oak and gets invited to a party by some young trees
 Player's Secrets of Talinie is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 PEN America: A Journal for Writers and Readers is an annual literary journal that features fiction poetry conversation criticism and memoir. It is published by PEN American Center in New York City.
 Storm is a novella and picture book written by Kevin Crossley-Holland illustrated by Alan Marks and published by Heinemann in 1985. It was the first children's book for Marks. The story features modern cottagers near a marshland with a renowned ghost.
 Territory is a fantasy western or Weird West novel by Emma Bull published in 2007. It placed 4th in the 2008 Locus Poll Award for Best Fantasy Novel. It was also nominated for a World Fantasy Award in the Best Novel category.
 Rocheworld (first published in serial form in 1982; first book publication under the title The Flight of the Dragonfly 1984) is a science fiction novel by Robert Forward in which he uses a light sail propulsion system to set the crew on an interstellar mission. The spaceship and crew of 20 have to travel 5.9 light-years (ca. 34 trillion miles; ca.
 The School for Husbands is a play written by Molière and originally performed in 1661 in Paris. It was the first of his full length plays preceding The School for Wives by a year. The plot centers around the suitors of two sisters. One suitor Sganarelle is controlling and overbearing of his intended wife Isabella. The other suitor Ariste treats his intended wife Léonor more as an equal. Ariste finds success in his pursued relationship while Sganarelle fails miserably.
 The Outsiders of Uskoken Castle is a children's novel written by Kurt Kläber. The German original Rote Zora und ihre Bande (Red Zora and her band)) was published under the pseudonym Kurt Held in 1941. The English version was translated from German by Lynn Aubry illustrated by Emanuel Schongut and published in 1967 by Doubleday.The story is about the adventures of Zora and a band of children who live in the ruins of an Uskok castle on the coast of Croatia.
 Madhyamam Azhchappathippu or Madhyamam Weekly is a weekly Malayalam–language cultural magazine published by the Madhyamam Group from Kozhikode India. The magazine was launched by Madhyamam on 19 February 1998 as a decennial contribution to the cultural area of Malayalam. The editorial team had at its head noted writer and journalist C. Radhakrishnan.
 On an Odd Note is a collection of short stories written by Gerald Kersh published as a paperback original by Ballantine Books in 1958. No other editions were issued.
 The Chinese Bungalow is a play by Marion Osmond and James Corbet. It was adapted for film three times. The Chinese Bungalow (1926 film) The Chinese Bungalow (1930 film) The Chinese Bungalow (1940 film)↑
 The African Journal of Criminology and Justice Studies is a biannual peer-reviewed Open access academic journal covering issues relevant to criminology social and justice systems of interest to Africa.
 One Day at HorrorLand is the sixteenth children's horror novella in the Goosebumps series by R. L. Stine. It was adapted into a two-part episode for the television series which was later released on VHS and DVD. A comic adaptation of the book was included in the graphic novel compilation Terror Trips part of the Goosebumps Graphix series. There were two video games based on the book. The HorrorLand theme park was expanded upon in the book series Goosebumps HorrorLand.
 So You Want To Tread The Boards is a guide book written by Jennifer Reischel and published in 2007. The book aims to give a complete guide to training for and working in the Performing Arts industry.
 At Sea Staring Up is a play by the Australian playwright Finegan Kruckemeyer published by Currency Press in 2013.
 The Real Deal is a monthly news magazine and daily website about the real estate industry with a focus on New York City and South Florida. The magazine was started in 2003 and focuses on both commercial and residential real estate.The magazine was called the must-read news source for real estate news in a profile in the Los Angeles Times in 2009 and the hot sheet for NYC real estate professionals by the New York Post.
 The Otago Daily Times (ODT) is a newspaper published by Allied Press Ltd in Dunedin New Zealand.
 People of the Deer (published in 1952 revised in 1975) is Canadian author Farley Mowat's first book and brought him literary recognition. The novel is based upon a series of travels the author undertook in the Canadian barren lands of Keewatin Region west of Hudson Bay. The most important of these expeditions was in the winter of '47-'48.
 Good Sons is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1990s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Detective Sergeant Ruggiero Rugs Carlucci the self-deprecating protégé of recently retired Mario Balzic is the protagonist.
 Training and Education in Professional Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Association of Psychology Postdoctoral and Internship Centers. It was established in 2006 and is dedicated to enhancing supervision and training provided by psychologists. The current editor-in-chief is Emil R. Rodolfa of the University of California Davis.
 The Southeast Asia Weekly (SAEW) is a weekly English-language newspaper published in Phnom Penh Cambodia. It got a license in 2006 by the Ministry of Information. It is printed in full-color tabloid format. The Southeast Asia Weekly is a not-for-profit newspaper that is affiliated with The University of Cambodia. All the content views and opinions published pertain strictly to The Southeast Asia Weekly and in no way reflect the views and policies of The University of Cambodia.
 My Life is the autobiography of the first female Prime Minister of Israel Golda Meir. The book was published by G. P. Putnam's Sons in 1975.
 The News-Sentinel is a Pulitzer Prize-winning daily newspaper in Fort Wayne Indiana. The afternoon News-Sentinel is politically independent.
 TV Week is a weekly television magazine in Australia first published as a Melbourne-only publication in December 1957 (as TV-Radio Week) and bearing a strong affiliation to television station GTV. Home and Away is TV WEEK's flagship programme.The publication is still publishing weekly. In its current format it previews upcoming storylines for popular television programs shown in Australia and reports on some musical acts.
 SS (エスエス esu-esu an abbreviation of Special Stage) is a manga by Shohei Harumoto which has been serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Superior between 2000 to 2003 over nine volumes. The manga has since been adapted into a live action movie by Toho. Singaporean publisher Chuang Yi also translated the manga into both English and Chinese languages under the name SS: Special Stage and SS：赛车手特别篇 (literally SS: Racer's Special) respectively.
 1901 is an alternate history novel by Michigan economics professor Robert Conroy. It was first published in hardcover by Lyford Books in June 1995; a Science Fiction Book Club edition followed in August of the same year and a paperback edition from Presidio Press in 2004. The novel depicts a fictitious German invasion of the United States in the year 1901 shortly after William McKinley begins his second term as President.
 Tokyo Journal is an English-language quarterly magazine about Tokyo and Japan which was established in 1981. The international edition of the magazine was published under the title Japan Journal for a time.
 Metaphysics of War: Battle Victory and Death in the World of Tradition is a collection of essays by Julius Evola originally published by Integral Tradition Publishing in 2007 and is now in its second edition. The book consists of English translations of essays which Evola published in various Italian periodicals during the 1930s and 1940s.
 Freddy and the Men from Mars (1954) is the 22nd book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. It tells the story of the confrontation between Freddy and his friends phony Martians real Martians and a circus con artist.
 Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine (often abbreviated to OPM) is a now-defunct monthly video game magazine published by Ziff Davis Media. It was a sister publication of Electronic Gaming Monthly. The magazine focused exclusively on PlayStation hardware software and culture covering the original PlayStation PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable.
 Based in Irvine California REPTILES magazine is a North American consumer magazine dedicated to the reptile and amphibian pet hobby specializing in the keeping and breeding of these animals.Fancy Publications later BowTie Inc. launched the magazine in October 1993.
 The Failure of the New Economics (1959) is a book by Henry Hazlitt offering a detailed critique of John Maynard Keynes' work The General Theory of Employment Interest and Money (1936).
 The Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology is an international peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes original research and review articles on the entire field of obstetrics and gynecology with an emphasis on practical applicability. The journal publishes a wide range of papers including scientific and clinical research reviews case reports and supplements on clinical symposia.
 Jakin is a Basque cultural group magazine and publishing house. Founded in 1956 it is one of the oldest in Basque language. Jakin means knowledge in Basque and the magazine specializes on social and cultural issues. One of the leading members of Jakin is the philosopher Joxe Azurmendi. Currently the editor-in-chief of Jakin is Joan Mari Torrealdai.
 Captain America: Reborn is a six-issue (originally intended to be five issues) monthly comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics between July 2009 and January 2010. Written by Ed Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch with inking by Butch Guice the series reveals the truth regarding the death of original Captain America Steve Rogers and revives him in the contemporary Marvel Universe.
 Forever... is a 1975 novel by Judy Blume dealing with teenage sexuality. Because of the novel's content it has been the frequent target of censorship and appears on the American Library Association list of the 100 Most Frequently Challenged Books of 1990–2000 at number seven.
 Basic Palaeontology is a basic textbook on the study of paleontology written by the palaeontologists Michael J. Benton and David A.T. Harper and published by Prentice Hall in 1997.
 Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 2 (ブギーポップ・リターンズ　ＶＳイマジネーターＰａｒｔ２ Bugīpoppu Ritānzu VS Imajinētā Part 2) is the third novel in the Boogiepop series by Kouhei Kadono and was illustrated by Kouji Ogata. It was released in English on October 15 2006 by Seven Seas Entertainment.
 Article 5 is a 2012 young adult dystopian novel by Kristen Simmons. The book was published in January 2012 by Tor Teen and is the first installment in a trilogy. The novel tells the story of Ember Miller and Chase Jennings two teenagers who are on the run from the government in a post-War dystopian America. It was followed by two sequels titled Breaking Point and Three.
 The Journal of Management & Social Sciences is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published since 2005 by the Institute of Business and Technology (Biztek) Karachi Pakistan). It covers the study of management and social sciences including finance history economics marketing human resources and Islamic banking.
 Ruined Kingdoms is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1994.
 Spore is the ninth book in the Galaxy of Fear series by John Whitman set in the Star Wars galaxy shortly after Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
 American Massacre: The Tragedy At Mountain Meadows September 1857 is a historical account of the Mountain Meadows massacre the murder of 140 members of a California bound wagon train and the plundering of their possessions in Southern Utah Territory written by investigative reporter and author Sally Denton.
 Novitates entomologicae was a French entomological journal. It was published by Le Moult and established in 1931.
 Tourism and Hospitality Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Management. The journal's editor is Marina Novelli (University of Brighton) with Clare Weeden as Tourism Editor and Ioannis S. Pantelidis as Hospitality Editor (both University of Brighton) . It has been in publication since 2004 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Emigrants is the collective name of a series of four novels by the Swedish author Vilhelm Moberg:The Emigrants (1949)Unto a Good Land (1952)The Settlers (1956)The Last Letter Home (1959)The Swedish titles are: Utvandrarna (The Emigrants) Invandrarna (The Immigrants) Nybyggarna (The Settlers) and Sista brevet till Sverige (The Last Letter to Sweden). All books have been translated to English. The novels are generally considered to be among the best pieces of Swedish literature.
 The Chronicle-Tribune is a morning newspaper for Marion Indiana and surrounding areas.
 Ganapati (Telugu: గణపతి) (1920) is a famous Telugu novel written by Chilakamarti Lakshmi Narasimham. It is one of the first Telugu novels written in modern Telugu and considered among the classic works of all times.
 The Knoxville Gazette was the first newspaper published in the U.S. state of Tennessee and the third published west of the Appalachian Mountains. Established by George Roulstone (1767–1804) at the urging of Southwest Territory governor William Blount the paper's first edition appeared on November 5 1791.
 Hua Shang Daily (simplified Chinese: 《华商报》; traditional Chinese: 《華商報》) was a patriotic newspaper for united front lead by Liao Chengzhi and Fan Changjiang and published in Hong Kong since 8 April 1941. Due to the outbreak of the Pacific War it was stopped publishing in that year. After the Japanese surrender Hua Shang Daily was restored publishing on 4 January 1946 and became a democratic publication.
 The Last Dog on Earth is a 2003 young adult novel written by Daniel Ehrenhaft. It follows Logan a lonely 14-year-old boy who adopts a dog from an animal shelter and names her Jack. The pair's relationship is soon threatened by an incurable prion disease spreading across the nation. Infected dogs become unnaturally violent and bloodthirsty culminating in the deaths of several people.
 The Anderson Valley Advertiser is a small but well-known weekly newspaper published in Anderson Valley California. It was founded in 1955 as a local community-based paper.
 For Example This is a Love Song (たとえばこんなラヴ・ソング Tatoeba Konna Rabu Songu) is a shōnen manga by Taku Kitazaki. The manga originally ran in Shōnen Sunday 1990 volume 28 through 1991 volume 50 in Japan.
 The Adventures of Phoebe Zeit-Geist was an American comics feature written by Michael O'Donoghue and drawn by Frank Springer. From January 1965 it was serialized in magazine Evergreen Review and later published in book form as a Grove Press hardcover in 1968 and trade paperback in 1969. It was reissued as a trade paper in 1986.
 Le Socialiste picard was a socialist weekly newspaper published from Amiens France. It was founded in 1933 as served as the organ for the Somme Federation of the Socialist Party of France. Louis Lebel member of parliament was the director of the newspaper.
 Where Once We Walked (full title: Where Once We Walked: A Guide to the Jewish Communities Destroyed in The Holocaust) compiled by noted genealogist Gary Mokotoff and Sallyann Amdur Sack is a gazetteer of 37000 town names in Central and Eastern Europe focusing on those with Jewish populations in the 19th and first half of the 20th centuries and most of whose Jewish communities were almost or completely destroyed during The Holocaust.The book includes a cross-referenced listing of some 23000 towns (plus alternate names) with the contemporary spelling being primary associated country (according to contemporary borders) orientation and distance in kilometers from the country's capital city and map coordinates. 
 Systems and Synthetic Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering systems and synthetic biology. It was established in 2007 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. the editors-in-chief are Pawan K. Dhar (University of Kerala Ron Weiss Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Alessandro Giuliani (Istituto Superiore di Sanità).
 Dark Quetzal is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts first published in 2003 by The Chicken House. It is the final book in The Echorium Sequence and is the sequel to Crystal Mask set 11 years after the events of that book. The main characters are Kyarra Frazhin and Yashra's daughter who was raised as a singer and Night Plume a quetzal (half-man half-bird) who has grown up under Frazhin's control.
 The Shangri-La Diet is both the name of a book by the late psychologist Seth Roberts a professor at Tsinghua University and professor emeritus at UC Berkeley and the name of the diet that the book advocates. The book discusses consuming 100–400 calories per day in a flavorless food such as extra light olive oil one hour outside of mealtimes as a method of appetite suppression leading to weight loss.
 Coming Attractions is a 1957 anthology of science fiction essays edited by Martin Greenberg. Many of the articles originally appeared in the magazines Thrilling Wonder Stories Astounding Science Fiction Stories and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 For the leg show as live entertainment see burlesqueLeg Show was an adult fetish magazine published in the United States which specialized in photographs of women in nylons corsets pantyhose stockings and high heels. The magazine features pinup style photographs and articles geared towards dominant women.
 The Darkroom of Damocles (Dutch: De donkere kamer van Damokles) is a 1958 novel by the Dutch writer Willem Frederik Hermans. Set in the Netherlands during Nazi occupation it tells the story of a young man who performs secret missions against the Gestapo tasked by a mysterious stranger. The book was translated to English in 1962 by Roy Edwards and again in 2007 by Ina Rilke. It was adapted into the 1963 film Like Two Drops of Water directed by Fons Rademakers.
 Biometrics is a journal that publishes articles on the application of statistics and mathematics to the biological sciences. It is published by the International Biometric Society.Originally published in 1945 under the title Biometrics Bulletin the journal adopted the shorter title in 1947. A notable contributor to the journal was R.A. Fisher for whom a memorial edition was published in 1964.
 Here Lies Arthur is a young-adult novel by Philip Reeve published by Scholastic in 2007. Set in fifth or sixth century Britain and the Anglo-Saxon invasion it features a girl who participates in the deliberate construction of legendary King Arthur during the man's lifetime orchestrated by a bard.
 Thrilling Comics is the title of a comic book series published by Standard Comics for 80 issues from 1940 to 1951. The title was used again in 1999 by DC Comics for one issue of the Justice Society Returns storyline.
 The Pacific War is a series of alternate history novels written by Newt Gingrich and William R. Forstchen with Albert S. Hanser. The series deals with the Pacific War between the United States of America and the Empire of Japan. The point of divergence is the decision of Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto commander-in-chief of the Japanese Combined Fleet to take personal command of the 1st Air Fleet for the attack on Pearl Harbor rather than delegate it to Adm. Chūichi Nagumo.
 Mathematical Notes is a peer-reviewed mathematical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Russian Academy of Sciences that covers all aspects of mathematics. It is an English language translation of the Russian: Matematicheskie Zametki and is published simultaneously with the Russian version.The journal was established in 1967 as Mathematical Notes of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and obtained its current title in 1991.
 Book of Dreams is an experimental novel published by Jack Kerouac in 1960 culled from the dream journal he kept from 1952 to 1960. In it Kerouac tries to continue plot-lines with characters from his books as he sees them in his dreams. This book is stylistically wild spontaneous and flowing like much of Kerouac's writing and helps to give insight into the Beat Generation author's mind.
 Kyō Koi o Hajimemasu (Japanese: 今日、恋をはじめます  lit. Today I'll Start Our Love) also romanised as Kyō Koi wo Hajimemasu is a shōjo manga series created by Kanan Minami. It started serialization in 2008 in the magazine Sho-Comi and completed in 2013 with 15 bound volumes have been released in Japan under the Flower Comics label.
 De Cive ('On the citizen') is one of Thomas Hobbes's major works. The book was published originally in Latin from Paris in 1642 followed by two further Latin editions in 1647 from Amsterdam. The English translation of the work made its first appearance four years later (London 1651) under the title 'Philosophicall rudiments concerning government and society'.It anticipates themes of the better-known Leviathan.
 The Source of Magic is the second book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Finders Keepers is a 1990 science fiction novel by Australian author Emily Rodda. In 1991 it won the Children's Book Council of Australia's Book of the Year for Younger Readers.
 Hot Road (ホットロード) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Taku Tsumugi. It will be adapted into a live action film that will premiere in 2014.
 Hockey Dad: A Play in 3 Periods is a Canadian play by Stephen Waldschmidt and James Popoff. It is a comedy and was Burnt Thicket Theatre's first production followed by She Has a Name. The premiere was performed at the Pacific Theatre in Vancouver British Columbia on February 17 2010. Further performances ran there until February 27. The play was later performed in Red Deer Alberta from October 27-30 2010 at the Scott Block Theatre. The titular character is Todd Williams.
 A Cellarful of Noise is the title of Brian Epstein's 1964 autobiography. His assistant Derek Taylor was the ghostwriter of the book which describes the early days of The Beatles whom Epstein managed.Epstein asked John Lennon what he thought the book should be called and Lennon suggested Queer Jew.
 The Elfstones of Shannara is an epic fantasy novel by Terry Brooks. It is the first sequel to The Sword of Shannara and the second book in The Original Shannara Trilogy.
 The Plant Cell is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal of plant biology especially the areas of cell and molecular biology genetics development and evolution. It is published by the American Society of Plant Biologists.
 An Introduction to the Philosophy of Religion is an 1880 book by John Caird.
 Just David is a 1916 children's novel by Eleanor H. Porter. It was among the top six bestsellers in cities across the United States in 1916 and in July 1916 it was the second bestselling novel.Originally published by Houghton Mifflin it tells the story of a young boy David who must learn to adapt to living with others after the death of his recluse father; along the way the villagers and his adoptive parents adapt as much or more to him.
 The Perfect Thing: How the iPod Shuffles Commerce Culture and Coolness is a book written by Steven Levy an American journalist. It covers the growth of the idea of Apple's very own iPod from its origins before its introduction in 2001 to its development to the iPod Nano and the fifth-generation video iPod.
 The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love is a 1989 novel by Oscar Hijuelos. It is about the lives of two Cuban brothers and musicians Cesar and Nestor Castillo who immigrate to the United States and settle in New York City in the early 1950s.The novel won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1990 being the first novel by a United States-born Hispanic to do so.
 Five Seasons of Angel is an academic publication relating to the fictional Buffyverse established by TV series Buffy and Angel.
 Enjoy is a comedy play written in 1980 by Alan Bennett.
 The Draining Lake (Icelandic: Kleifarvatn) is a 2004 crime novel by Icelandic author Arnaldur Indriðason another entry in the multi award-winning Detective Erlendur series.The title is based on a real Icelandic lake Kleifarvatn which began draining away in 2000 following an earthquake. In the novel the dropping water level reveals a body long hidden in the lake.
 On the Road is a novel by American writer Jack Kerouac. On the Road is based on the travels of Kerouac and his friends across America. It is considered a defining work of the postwar Beat and Counterculture generations with its protagonists living life against a backdrop of jazz poetry and drug use.
 Full House Kiss (フルハウスキス Furuhausukisu) is a shōjo manga as well as a PlayStation 2 Otome Game. The manga was created at the same time as the video game and was drawn by Shiori Yuwa and published in Hana to Yume & The Hana to Yume. The video game used the same character designs and plot in a love simulation published by Capcom in 2004. A sequel to the video game called Full House Kiss 2 was released on 2006.
 Happiness Recommended (幸福のスゝメ Koufukuno Susume) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Souya Himawari. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on February 11 2009. Houbunsha released the manga on March 28 2003.
 The Peninsula Observer was an underground newspaper published in Palo Alto California from July 7 1967 to November 1969. Co-founded by Barry Greenberg and David Ransom it was produced by Stanford undergraduate and graduate students opposed to the war in Vietnam with community members and others. Circulation was about 5000 copies. Early issues were published as the Midpeninsula Observer. It became the Peninsula Observer with the issue of August 12–26 1968 (vol. 2 no. 4).
 Mission: Earth Voyage to the Home Planet is a children's literature book by science writer June A. English and astronaut Thomas David Jones that was published in 1996 by Scholastic. Jones was among the crew members of the Space Shuttle Endeavour during an eleven-day mission in space which was launched in April 1994 to study the ecological well-being of Earth using specialized radar technology.
 Dark Journey is the eleventh installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars universe. This novel written by Elaine Cunningham was published in 2002.
 PSM3 (short for PlayStation 3 Magazine) was a video game magazine specialising in all Sony video game consoles and handheld gaming platforms. It was published by Future plc a UK-based publishing company.The magazine launched in October 2000 under the name PSM2 and quickly became one of the most popular unofficial PlayStation magazines on the market. It changed its name to PSM3 in issue 78 focusing more on Sony's PlayStation 3 but still covering PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 2.
 The Century Magazine was first published in the United States in 1881 by The Century Company of New York City. It was the successor of Scribner's Monthly Magazine and ceased publication in 1930.
 Linguistic Imperialism is a book written by Robert Phillipson research professor at Copenhagen Business School's Department of English published in 1992 by Oxford University Press.In Linguistic Imperialism Phillipson argues that Western countries have used English as a tool of imperialism to dominate colonies and former colonies.
 Bijdragen tot de Taal- Land- en Volkenkunde (English title: Journal of the Humanities and Social Sciences of Southeast Asia and Oceania) is a peer reviewed academic journal on Southeast Asia and Indonesia that was established in 1853 and is published by the Royal Netherlands Institute of Southeast Asian and Caribbean Studies. It was published as Bijdragen tot de taal- land- en volkenkunde van Nederlandsch-Indië (ISSN 1383-5408) between 1853 and 1948.
 Al Anbaa' (Arabic: الانباء meaning The News) or alternatively Al Anba is an Arabic-language Kuwaiti daily newspaper. The paper is owned and published by Bab Al-Kuwait Press Co.
 Dracula is a 1995 stage adaptation co-authored and by John Godber and Jane Thornton from Bram Stoker's novel of the same title. Its world premier was at the Spring Street Theatre home of Hull Truck Theatre at Kingston upon Hull East Riding of Yorkshire
 To Wake the Dead first published in 1938 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Ireland's Own is a family magazine published weekly in Ireland. It specialises in lightweight content traditional stories and uncontroversial family content including puzzles and recipes. It was launched in 26 November 1902 by John M. Walshe of People Newspapers and originally cost just 1d.For the first half of 2007 the magazine had an average circulation of 40905 according to the Audited Bureau of Circulations.
 Pediatric Hematology and Oncology is an international peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of pediatric hematology and oncology. The journal covers immunology pathology and pharmacology in relation to blood diseases and cancer in children and shows how basic experimental research can contribute to the understanding of clinical problems.
 Truth: Red White & Black is a seven-issue comic book limited series written by Robert Morales and drawn by Kyle Baker published by Marvel Comics.
 North Dakota Quarterly (NQR) is a quarterly literary journal published by the University of North Dakota. NQR publishes poetry fiction interview and literary non-fiction. First published in
 The Moon's Shadow is a novel from the Saga of the Skolian Empire by Catherine Asaro which tells the story of Jaibriol Qox III—how he became emperor of Eube after the interstellar Radiance War and founded peace talks between his people the Eubians and those of the Skolian Imperialate.
 The Stretford & Urmston Messenger is a weekly free newspaper delivered to homes in Stretford Urmston and Davyhulme in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford in Greater Manchester England. Published every Thursday it is one of two sister Newsquest publications covering Trafford: the other is the Sale & Altrincham Messenger.
 The Reckoning is the final novel in the Darkest Powers Trilogy written by Kelley Armstrong. It was released in the USA April 6 2010. It is not the last in the series. The next trilogy follows a new set of teenagers however Kelley has confirmed Chloe and the others will show up.[citation needed]
 The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality is a book written by Austrian School economist and libertarian thinker Ludwig von Mises. It is an investigation into the psychological roots of the anti-capitalistic stance that is widespread in the general populations of the capitalist world. Von Mises suggests various reasons for this mentality primarily his claim that free competition in the market economy allows for no excuses of one's failures.
 Progress and Poverty: An Inquiry into the Cause of Industrial Depressions and of Increase of Want with Increase of Wealth: The Remedy was written by Henry George in 1879. The book is a treatise on the cyclical nature of an industrial economy and its remedies.
 Private Equity News is a Europe-based business magazine about the private equity industry. It is part of media organisation Dow Jones and is a sister title to Financial News Private Equity Analyst and The Wall Street Journal.The magazine has been running since 2003 and runs various events.
 Spike is a comic book series published by IDW Publishing. Written by Brian Lynch it focuses on the character of Spike a main character in television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off Angel. Uniquely although this is a spin-off from IDW's larger Angel: After the Fall franchise it also serves as a prequel to Dark Horse Comics' own Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight comic book series. As such it is canon to the overall Buffyverse in which stories take place.
 Sea of Poppies (2008) is a novel by Indian novelist Amitav Ghosh which was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize in 2008. It is the first volume of what will be the Ibis trilogy.
 Najwyższy Czas! (Pol. High Time!) is a Polish liberal conservative sociopolitic weekly news magazine published since March 31 1990 by Oficyna Konserwatystów i Liberałów owned by Janusz Korwin-Mikke and connected with the Union of Real Politics. This magazine focuses on promoting liberalism in economy and conservatism in tradition.
 Quest: An African Journal of Philosophy is an academic journal publishing philosophical discussions on problems that arise out of the radical transformations Africa and Africans are undergoing. Quest includes materials on both current subjects related to Africa and subjects of general philosophical interest serving an international public of professional philosophers and intellectuals in other disciplines with philosophical interest.
 For the term in wine-making see Vintage.Vintage Season is a science fiction novella by Henry Kuttner and Catherine L. Moore (under the joint pseudonym Lawrence O'Donnell). It has been anthologized many times and was selected for The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume 2A.
 Delicate Edible Birds is a short story collection written by Lauren Groff. Groff was born and raised in Cooperstown New York home of American writers James Fenimore Cooper and W.W. Lord. Several of the stories take place in Upstate New York. Groff is also the author of the best-selling novel The Monsters of Templeton.
 Nedjma is a novel by Kateb Yacine published in 1956. It tells the story of four young men (Mustapha Lakhdar Rachid Mourad) who fall in love with Nedjma daughter of an Algerian and a French woman during the French colonization of Algeria. It is set in the east of Algeria with most of the action taking place in the region around Constantine and Annaba (referred to by its French name Bône in the text).
 Apollo's Fire: Igniting America's Clean Energy Economy is a 2007 book by Congressman Jay Inslee and researcher Bracken Hendricks. Inslee first proposed an Apollo-scale program designed to galvanize the nation around the urgent goal of solving the environmental and energy crisis in the Seattle Post-Intelligencer in 2002.
 Well-Tempered Clavicle is the 35th book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony. The title is a pun on the Bach musical work The Well-Tempered Clavier
 Far as Human Eye Could See (published 1987) is the 19th collection of science essays by Isaac Asimov short works which originally appeared in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction (F&SF) these being first published between November 1984 and March 1986.
 The Permanent Instruction of the Alta Vendita (commonly called the Alta Vendita) is a document originally published in Italian in the 19th century purportedly produced by the highest lodge of the Italian Carbonari.The document details an alleged Masonic plan to infiltrate the Catholic Church and spread liberal ideas within it. The Carbonari had strong similarities to Freemasonry and so the document is seen by some as a Masonic document.
 Waking The Moon is a 1994 novel by Elizabeth Hand. It was the winner of the James Tiptree Jr. Award and The 1996 Mythopoeic Award for Adult Literature. It is set mainly in The University of the Archangels and St. John The Divine a fictional University inspired by The Catholic University of America mentioned in a few of Hand's novels. About 100 pages were cut from the US edition.
 East Torrens Messenger is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide part of the Messenger Newspapers group. The East Torrens' area is bounded by Hackney Road to the west the River Torrens Valley to the north Magill Road to the south and the Athelstone foothills in the east.The newspaper generally reports on events of interest in its distribution area including the suburbs of Payneham Magill Athelstone and Paradise.
 L'Aurore was a French newspaper first sold on 11 September 1944 soon after the Liberation of Paris. Its name refers to the previous unrelated publication L'Aurore (1897–1914). Publication ended in 1985.During 1943 several issues of L'Aurore were published in secret by Robert Lazurick (a former member of the Front Populaire).
 The Appendix is an online magazine of narrative and experimental history. It was co-founded in fall of 2012 by Benjamin Breen Felipe Cruz Christopher Heaney and Brian Jones. A stated goal of the journal is that scholarly and popular history need to come together.The journal features articles from historians anthropologists artists journalists and other writers.
 APT Bulletin is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Association for Preservation Technology International. It is currently edited by Diana S. Waite (Mount Ida Press) with the assistance of various guest editors. The content of APT Bulletin consists primarily of articles about the practice and technology of historic preservation but essays and book reviews are also included.
 Baddeck And That Sort of Thing is a travel journal written by Charles Dudley Warner the American author who co-wrote The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today with Mark Twain.In 1873 Joseph Twichell invited Warner to accompany him on a trip to Baddeck Nova Scotia. Warner subsequently wrote an account of this trip which became 'Baddeck And That Sort of Thing'.
 Psyren (-サイレン- Sairen) literally meaning Siren and stylized as PSYЯEN is a Japanese shōnen manga series by Toshiaki Iwashiro. Psyren follows Ageha Yoshina a high school student who is chosen by Nemesis Q as a participant in the Psyren games. The games take place in a world known initially as Psyren which is revealed to be the real world a decade in the future.
 Youm7 (Arabic: اليوم السابع‎ IPA: [iljoːm issaːbiʕ] meaning The Seventh Day) is an Egyptian privately owned daily newspaper that was first published as a weekly paper in October 2008 and has been published daily since May 2011. It is published in Arabic. The paper was twice selected by Forbes Middle East as having the most effective news website in the Middle East. Youm7 reportedly has the most-visited website of any Egyptian newspaper.
 The Journal of Physical Oceanography is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society. It was established in January 1971 and is available on the web since 1996. Online articles older than two years are available as open access. The editor-in-chief is Michael A. Spall (Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution).
 The Summons is a legal thriller novel by noted American author John Grisham which was released in December 2002.
 Tic-Tac-Terror is the 74th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 The Mormon Miracle Pageant is a Latter-day Saint Pageant (an annual outdoor theatrical performance) held in Manti Utah. It is produced by an amateur cast of over five hundred members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The nightly program takes place on the south lawn of temple hill at the Manti Temple. The two-week pageant typically draws an average of 15000 people per night over an eight-night performance.
 Personal Injuries is a novel by Scott Turow which was published in 1999. Like all of Turow's novels it takes place in fictional Kindle County and many of the characters are recognized from other Turow novels.
 The Western Lands by William S. Burroughs published in 1987 is a novel which is the final part of the trilogy that begins with Cities of the Red Night and The Place of Dead Roads. The title refers to the western bank of the Nile River which in Egyptian mythology is the Land of the Dead.
 Masterman Ready or the Wreck of the Pacific is a robinsonade children's novel published in 1841 by Frederick Marryat. The book follows the adventures of the Seagrave family who are shipwrecked at sea and survive on a desert island with the assistance of veteran sailor Masterman Ready.
 Seetee Ship is the second of two science fiction novels by Jack Williamson writing under the pseudonym Will Stewart. It is a fix-up adapting two stories previously published in Astounding Science Fiction magazine Minus Sign (first published in the November 1942 issue) and Opposites—React! (two installments in January and February 1943). Seetee Ship was released in 1951 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies.
 Prometheus Bound (Ancient Greek: Προμηθεὺς Δεσμώτης Promētheus Desmōtēs) is an Ancient Greek tragedy. In antiquity this drama was attributed to Aeschylus but is now considered by some scholars to be the work of another hand perhaps one as late as ca. 415 BC. Despite these doubts of authorship the play's designation as Aeschylean has remained conventional.
 The Oaken Throne is the second novel in the Deptford Histories Trilogy by Robin Jarvis (first published in 1993).
 There Is No Alternative: Why Margaret Thatcher Matters is a 2008 biographical account of the premiership of Margaret Thatcher written by American author Claire Berlinski. The title is a reference to Margaret Thatcher's fondness for the slogan There is no alternative which she used to describe her belief that despite capitalism's problems there is no alternative to it as an economic system and that neoliberalism must push back against socialism.
 Beast Wars is a comic book series by IDW Publishing based upon Hasbro's toy line and the original television series. The series is set in-continuity with the television series but also uses characters that were made into toys but not featured in the series. The first miniseries The Gathering was released between February and May 2006. The second miniseries The Ascending was a direct sequel and debuted in October 2007.
 Skinny Bitch Book of Vegan Swaps is the eighth book in the Skinny Bitch series from author Kim Barnouin. The book has 291 pages.
 Woman in Mind (December Bee) is the 32nd play by English playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It was premiered at the Stephen Joseph Theatre In The Round Scarborough in 1985. Despite pedestrian reviews by many critics strong audience reaction resulted in a transfer to London's West End.
 Codex Seraphinianus originally published in 1981 is an illustrated encyclopedia of an imaginary world created by the Italian artist architect and industrial designer Luigi Serafini during thirty months from 1976 to 1978.
 My Boring Ass Life: The Uncomfortably Candid Diary of Kevin Smith is the second book composed of writings by filmmaker Kevin Smith the first being Silent Bob Speaks.
 Tales of the Green Beret is a comic strip created by Robin Moore and Joe Kubert. It began as a daily strip running for 72 numbered strips starting 20 September 1965. The following year it returned daily and Sunday beginning 4 April with scripts by Howard Liss. There were 8 Kubert stories:1965: Viet Cong Cowboy1966: Kidnap Ksor Tonn Sucker Bait Chris Kidnapped Project Oilspot1967: Freedom Flight The Syndicate Prince Synok.Kubert left the strip in January 1968.
 Eye for Eye (1987) is a science fiction novella by Orson Scott Card. It first appeared in the March 1987 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction magazine. In 1990 it appeared in Card’s short story collection Maps in a Mirror and also as a Tor double novel with The Tunesmith by Lloyd Biggle Jr.. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1988.
 Labëria is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Star Spangled Comics was the title of a comic book series published by DC Comics which ran for 130 issues from 1941 through 1952. At that point it was retitled Star Spangled War Stories and lasted another 200+ issues until 1977.
 The Claremore Daily Progress is a newspaper published in Claremore Oklahoma USA also covering the communities of Catoosa Chelsea Inola Oologah Tacora Hills Tiawah Twin Oaks and Verdigris in Rogers County Oklahoma.The newspaper maintains a 24-hour news website and its print edition is published on afternoons five days a week.
 The Outsiders is a coming-of-age novel by S. E. Hinton first published in 1967 by Viking Press. Hinton was 15 when she started writing the novel but did most of the work when she was 16 and a junior in high school. Hinton was 18 when the book was published.
 Marzolino Tarantola is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Bonvi.The comics debuted in 1979 published in the magazines Il Corriere dei Piccoli and TV Sorrisi e Canzoni; at the same time a series of animation shorts was produced for the RAI TV-series Supergulp!. The stories were later collected in two books published by editor Rizzoli Junior.The comic consists in a zany parody of Albert Robida's Saturnin Farandoul.
 Deluge is a 1928 novel by S. Fowler Wright. In the novel a global flood destroys all civilization other than areas of the English Midlands that remain above water. It follows Martin Webster a lawyer who loses his wife and children. His companion Claire Arlington is an athlete and one of the few women to survive the flood.
 All God's Children Need Traveling Shoes published in 1986 is the fifth book in African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou's seven-volume autobiography series. Set between 1962 and 1965 the book begins when Angelou is thirty-three years old and recounts the years she lived in Accra Ghana. The book begins where Angelou's previous book The Heart of a Woman ends with the traumatic car accident involving her son Guy and ends as Angelou returns to America.
 Joy (1990) is a novel by Marsha Hunt about the relationship between two African-American women that is based on secrets lies and delusion. Mainly set in a posh New York apartment in the course of one day in the spring of 1987 the novel contains frequent flashbacks that describe life in a black neighbourhood in the 1950s and 1960s.
 The Wild Blue - The Novel of the U.S. Air Force by historian Walter J. Boyne and Steven L. Thompson was published in 1986.This book follows the fictitious careers and lives of members of the United States Air Force. We get to follow them from their inception at Basic Training until they leave the Air Force. We also get to glimpse their personal lives.
 The Sylva Herald and Ruralite is a weekly newspaper based in Sylva North Carolina covering Sylva and Jackson Counties.
 Samurai Girl: Real Bout High School (召喚教師リアルバウトハイスクール Shoukan Kyoushi Riaru Bauto Hai Sukūru) is a Japanese light novel series written by Reiji Saiga and illustrated by Sora Inoue. It was serialized in Dragon Magazine from 1997 to 2010. A manga adaptation by the same authors was serialized in Monthly Comic Dragon from 1998 to 2001. A 13-episode anime television series was produced by Gonzo in 2001.
 Selected Stories of Philip K. Dick is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Random House in 2002. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Planet Stories Fantasy and Science Fiction Imagination Space Science Fiction Astounding Beyond Fantasy Fiction Orbit Galaxy Science Fiction Fantastic Universe Amazing Stories Rolling Stone College Papers Omni and Playboy.
 Storm Thief is a 2006 dystopian science-fiction novel written by Chris Wooding and published by Scholastic Books. It also has elements of the Gothic tech-punk and alternate history genres. It is set on a futuristic island-city known as Orokos which is plagued by deadly probability storms. It features a group of outcasts on the run a mysterious artifact a golem with a shadowed past an underground resistance movement a corrupt government the downfall of two civilizations and a seabird.
 Coquitlam Now is a bi-weekly community newspaper based in Coquitlam and has been serving the Tri-Cities region of British Columbia's Lower Mainland since 1984.The paper is part of the Van-Net chain owned by Glacier Media Group.
 Kalau Ta' Oentoeng (Perfected Spelling: Kalau Tak Untung meaning If Fortune Does Not Favour) is a 1933 novel written by Sariamin Ismail under the pseudonym Selasih. It was the first Indonesian novel written by a woman. Written in a flowing style heavily dependent on letters the novel tells the story of two childhood friends who fall in love but cannot be together. It was reportedly based on the author's own experiences.
 The Venom Trees of Sunga is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp the twelfth book in the his Viagens Interplanetarias series and the second in its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Kukulkan. It was first published in paperback by Del Rey Books in November 1992. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
 This is about the stage play. For its film adaptation see Diary of a Mad Black Woman.Diary of a Mad Black Woman is an American stage play written and directed by Tyler Perry which opened in the spring of 2001. It features music by Tyler Perry and Elvin D. Ross. The production starred Marva King Tamela Mann and Tyler Perry.
 Psychophysiology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Psychophysiological Research. It was established in 1964. Its current editor-in-chief is Robert F. Simons (University of Delaware). The journal covers research in psychophysiology.
 Man's Best Friend part of the Inu Mo Arukeba series is an explicit yaoi manga from the creator of Wild Rock Kazusa Takashima and is published in English by Blu Manga the boys' love publishing division of Tokyopop.
 Second Glance is a fiction novel written by American author Jodi Picoult.
 Second Person Singular is a 2010 novel by the Arab Israeli writer Sayed Kashua. Kashua explores the identity of Arabs who are assimilated in Israeli culture; Arabs that speak Hebrew and had their education at Israeli institutes.
 Earth Surface Processes and Landforms is the journal of the British Society for Geomorphology (BSG) formerly the British Geomorphological Research Group (BGRG) and is an international journal of geomorphology publishing on all aspects of Earth Surface Science. The journal was founded in 1976 as Earth Surface Processes and obtained its present name in 1981.
 Downturn Abbey is a 2013 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the thirteenth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.The title is a reference to Downton Abbey.
 Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy I is an anthology of fantasy novellas edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fifty-second volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in September 1972. It was the seventh such anthology assembled by Carter for the series.The book collects four novellas by five fantasy authors with an overall introduction and notes by Carter.
 Digging to America published by Knopf in May 2006 is American author Anne Tyler's seventeenth novel.
 Chamber Music is a 1962 one-act play by absurdist playwright Arthur Kopit. The story is set in 1938 and concerns eight famous women from different historical periods who all are interned in the same insane asylum. The women are — or at least believe they are — author Gertrude Stein martyr Joan of Arc activist Susan B. Anthony politician Queen Isabella I of Spain Constanze Mozart (wife of the famed composer) pilot Amelia Earhart silent-film actress Pearl White and explorer Osa Johnson.
 The Journal of Cardiovascular Translational Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all areas of cardiology. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the International Society for Cardiovascular Translational Research. It was established in 2008 and the editor-in-chief is Jennifer Hall (University of Minnesota).
 Las Mujeres Perdidas is the third album of the American comics series Love and Rockets written and drawn by Los Bros Hernandez Gilbert and Jaime and published in 1987.The cover of the compilation is by Jaime Hernandez the back cover by Gilbert. Gilbert and Jaime's brother Mario Hernandez does not participate to this book.
 Truth and Method (German: Wahrheit und Methode) is the major philosophical work by Hans-Georg Gadamer first published in 1960.
 MetroSource (now stylized as M) is a bi-monthly gay and lesbian lifestyle magazine published by MetroSource Publishing in New York City. MetroSource Magazine has three editions: M NY (MetroSource New York) M LA (MetroSource Los Angeles) and National edition. MetroSource was first published in 1990 as a local New York publication the magazine has been distributed nationally since the mid-1990s. MetroSource is geared towards the modern metropolitan gay community.
 The Body Issue is an edition of ESPN The Magazine that featured over 30 athletes in nude and semi-nude photographs which is intended to rival Sports Illustrated′s Swimsuit Issue. The first issue debuted on October 9 2009.
 Star Reach (also spelled Star*Reach) was an influential American science fiction and fantasy comics anthology published from 1974 to 1979 by Mike Friedrich. It is unrelated to the early MS-DOS computer game of the same name.
 Fire! ファイヤー! is a shōjo manga series by Hideko Mizuno about the rise and fall of an American rock star named Aaron. It was serialised in Seventeen from 1969 - 1971 and won the 1970 Shogakukan Manga Award. The hedonistic Aaron is neither a 'boy next door' character nor a 'shining prince' and Sandra Buckley states that it was his 'non-conventional rebellious behavior' that was part of the attraction for the fans of Fire!.
 A Barrel of Laughs A Vale of Tears is a children's book written and illustrated by Jules Feiffer first published in 1995 by HarperCollins. The first edition was a library binding with 180 pages.WorldCat Identities contains records of seven editions of this book in 765 libraries worldwide
 The Seven against Thebes (Ancient Greek: Ἑπτὰ ἐπὶ Θήβας Hepta epi Thēbas; Latin: Septem contra Thebas) is the third play in an Oedipus-themed trilogy produced by Aeschylus in 467 BC. The trilogy is sometimes referred to as the Oedipodea. It concerns the battle between an Argive army led by Polynices and the army of Thebes led by Eteocles and his supporters. The trilogy won the first prize at the City Dionysia.
 Nano Today is an international peer-reviewed academic journal dedicated to nanoscience and technology. It is published six times a year by Elsevier.
 Philosophical Fragments (Danish title: Philosophiske Smuler eller En Smule Philosophi) is a Christian philosophic work written by Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard in 1844. It was the first of three works written under the pseudonym Johannes Climacus the other two were Johannes Climacus 1841 and Concluding Unscientific Postscript to Philosophical Fragments 1846.Kierkegaardian scholars D.
 Bunty was a British comics anthology for girls published by D. C. Thomson & Co. from 1958 to 2001. It consisted of a collection of many small strips the stories typically being three to five pages long. As well as the weekly comic Christmas and summer annuals were published. Bunty published 2249 issues and went monthly in 2001 before ceasing publication after a further 5 months.
 The Cat Who Went to Heaven is a 1930 novel by Elizabeth Coatsworth that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1931. The story is set in ancient Japan and is about a penniless artist and a calico cat his housekeeper brings home.
 British Journal of Special Education is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Association for Special Educational Needs. The journal was established in 1974 and covers research on special education needs at the pre-school school and post-school levels.
 Imperial Bedrooms is a novel by American author Bret Easton Ellis. Released on June 15 2010 it is the sequel to Less Than Zero Ellis' 1985 bestselling literary debut which was shortly followed by a film adaptation in 1987. Imperial Bedrooms revisits Less Than Zero's self-destructive and disillusioned youths as they approach middle-age in the present day.
 Cable and X-Force is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that began in December 2012 as part of Marvel NOW! The series finds Cable awakening after Avengers vs. X-Men and on the run with his new team of X-Force from the Uncanny Avengers. The series is one of two currently ongoing X-Force titles alongside Uncanny X-Force vol. 2.
 Student Hidjo (Perfected spelling Student Hijo both meaning Student Green) is a 1918 novel by Marco Kartodikromo. Originally published as a serial in Sinar Hindia it was republished in book form in 1919 by Masman & Stroink.Written while Kartodikromo was in prison Student Hidjo tells the story of Hidjo a Javanese student sent to the Netherlands to study but eventually falls for a Dutchwoman.
 Curator: The Museum Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the California Academy of Sciences. The journal was established in 1958. Its editor-in-chief is Zahava D. Doering (Smithsonian Institution). The journal covers museum administration research exhibition development visitor studies conservation museum education collection management and other subjects of current concern to museum professionals.
 Dead in the Family is a 2010 New York Times Bestselling Gothic mystery novel by Charlaine Harris and the tenth book in her The Southern Vampire Mysteries series. The novel was released on May 4 2010 by Ace Books and follows Sookie as she deals with her increasingly more complicated romantic and personal relationships with the supernatural creatures around her.
 Samarkand (French: Samarcande) is a 1988 historical fiction novel by the French-Lebanese writer Amin Maalouf. The novel received the Prix Maison de la Presse.The first half of the story is set in Persia (present day Iran) and Central Asia in the 11th century and revolves around the scientist philosopher and poet Omar Khayyám.
 Dogeaters is a novel written by Jessica Hagedorn and published in 1990. Hagedorn also adapted her novel into a play by the same name. Dogeaters set in the late 1950s in Manila (the capital of the Philippines) addresses several social political and cultural issues present in the Philippines during the 1950s.The title is a common derogatory term referring to Filipino natives who supposedly eat dogs instead of pork or chicken.
 The Illuminati Papers is a collection of essays and other works by Robert Anton Wilson first published in 1980 (ISBN 1-57951-002-7). The book expands upon characters and themes from his earlier The Illuminatus! Trilogy (written with Robert Shea) and most of the essays are written from the point of view of the characters in Illuminatus! Topics Wilson writes on cover politics science the future hedonism and consciousness.
 Worship Leader is an American bimonthly print and digital publication focusing on both Christianity and Contemporary worship music. Articles include news reviews worship conference information devotionals and interviews.
 The Old Wives' Tale is a novel by Arnold Bennett first published in 1908. It deals with the lives of two very different sisters Constance and Sophia Baines following their stories from their youth working in their mother's draper's shop into old age. It is generally regarded as one of Bennett's finest works.
 The Guardian is an independent daily newspaper published in Lagos Nigeria by Guardian Newspapers Limited. The Guardian has been described as Nigeria's most respected newspaper.
 The Satanic Rituals is a book by Anton Szandor LaVey published in 1972 as a companion volume to The Satanic Bible. It is a collection of nine rituals with an introductory essay to each. The Satanic Rituals includes the child baptism ritual used by Anton LaVey at the first publicly recorded Satanic baptism in history for his youngest daughter Zeena (in The Satanic Rituals LaVey dedicates the ceremony to Zeena).
 The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature is a best-selling 2002 book by Steven Pinker arguing against tabula rasa models of the social sciences. Pinker argues that human behavior is substantially shaped by evolutionary psychological adaptations. The book was nominated for the 2003 Aventis Prizes and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize.
 And Then There Were None is a 1943 play by crime writer Agatha Christie. The play like the 1939 book on which it is based was originally titled and performed in the UK as Ten Little Niggers. It was also performed under the name Ten Little Indians.
 Jane Eyre /ˈɛər/ (originally published as Jane Eyre: An Autobiography) is a novel by English writer Charlotte Brontë. It was published on 16 October 1847 by Smith Elder & Co. of London England under the pen name Currer Bell. The first American edition was released the following year by Harper & Brothers of New York.Primarily of the bildungsroman genre Jane Eyre follows the emotions and experiences of its title character including her growth to adulthood and her love for Mr.
 Boštjanov let is a novel by Slovenian author Florjan Lipuš. It was first published in 2003.
 Ethan Frome is a novel published in 1911 by the Pulitzer Prize-winning American author Edith Wharton. It is set in the fictitious town of Starkfield Massachusetts. The novel was adapted into a film Ethan Frome in 1993.
 Death of a Train is a crime novel by Freeman Wills Crofts published in 1946.
 The Duluth News Tribune (or known locally as The Tribune or DNT) is a newspaper in Duluth Minnesota. It is published by Forum Communications which bought it in 2006 after The McClatchy Company acquired the News Tribune's previous owner Knight Ridder.The present incarnation of the newspaper is the outcome of the merger and takeover of several former publications. The first News-Tribune was created as a result of the merger of The Duluth Tribune (est.1870) and The Duluth News in 1892.
 Game Over: Jerry Sandusky Penn State and the Culture of Silence is a 2012 book written by Bill Moushey andBob Dvorchak about Jerry Sandusky and the Penn State child sex abuse scandal. Moushey in an investigative journalist formerly with the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and a professor at the school of Communications at Point Park University. He won National Press Club's Freedom of Information Award in 1997.
 Green Lantern Corps: Recharge was a five-issue monthly comic book limited series that was published by DC Comics from November 2005 to March 2006. The series was written by Geoff Johns and Dave Gibbons and illustrated by Patrick Gleason.
 The Morning Times (formerly the Evening Times) is a morning newspaper published Monday through Saturday in Sayre Pennsylvania. The newspaper serves Athens Pennsylvania Sayre Pennsylvania Waverly New York and the surrounding communities in the Penn-York Valley area of the Twin Tiers. Its coverage area includes portions of Tioga County and Chemung County New York and Bradford County Pennsylvania.
 Cryptographie indéchiffrable (subtitle: basée sur de nouvelles combinaisons rationelles) is a French book on cryptography written by Émile Victor Théodore Myszkowski (a retired French colonel) and published in 1902.His book was based around the description of a cipher that the author had invented and claimed (incorrectly) was undecipherable (i.e. secure against unauthorised attempts to read it).
 Australian Art Review is an integrated quarterly magazine and website based in Sydney featuring a mixture of exhibition reviews artist and gallery profiles advice for collectors and articles by art critics and scholars.
 Spirit of the Hills is a 1988 western mystery novel by Dan O'Brien (author). Jimmy McVay is shot to death in Toledo Ohio while buying marijuana and his twenty-five thousand dollars is stolen. Tom McVay his older brother and a Vietnam veteran finds out that the murderer is a man named P J Billion from Medicine Springs in South Dakota and sets out to recover the lost money and revenge himself. In the meantime something begins to kill the livestock around Medicine Springs.
 Drug Target Insights is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on drug treatment targets and clinical therapeutics.The journal was founded in 2006 and is edited by Monica Milani and is published by Libertas Academica.
 The House of the Spirits (Spanish: La casa de los espíritus 1982) is the debut novel of Isabel Allende. The novel was rejected by several Spanish-language publishers before being published in Barcelona in 1982. It became an instant best seller was critically acclaimed and catapulted Allende to literary stardom. The novel was named Best Novel of the Year in Chile in 1982 and Allende received the country's Panorama Literario award.
 The Republic of Wine: A Novel (simplified Chinese: 酒国; traditional Chinese: 酒國) is a satirical novel by Mo Yan This novel explores the relationship between Chinese people and food and drink and comments on government corruption and excesses.
 The Boston Globe is an American daily newspaper based in Boston Massachusetts. Founded in 1872 by Charles H. Taylor it was privately held until 1973 when it went public as Affiliated Publications. The company was acquired in 1993 by The New York Times Company; two years later Boston.com was established as the newspaper's online edition. In 2011 a BostonGlobe.com subscription site was launched. In 2013 the newspaper and websites were purchased by John W.
 Sybil or The Two Nations is an 1845 novel by Benjamin Disraeli. Published in the same year as Friedrich Engels's The Condition of the Working Class in England in 1844 Sybil traces the plight of the working classes of England.
 The Mirrors of Tuzun Thune is one of the original short stories about Kull of Atlantis written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine circa 1929. It is one of only three Kull stories to be published in Howard's lifetime.Set in the fictional Pre-Historic Thurian Age it deals with a disillusioned King Kull questioning the meaning of existence leading him to seek the council of a two-faced wizard.
 Walden Two is a utopian novel written by behavioral psychologist B. F. Skinner first published in 1948. In its time it could have been considered science fiction since science-based methods for altering people's behavior did not yet exist.
 The Letter Left to Me is Joseph McElroy's seventh novel. A letter from father to son is delivered to the son shortly after the father's death. The letter receives wider and wider circulation and its continued effect on the son's life is described.
 The Wine Advocate fully known as Robert Parker's Wine Advocate and informally abbreviated TWA or WA or more recently as RP is a global bimonthly wine publication based in the United States featuring the consumer advice of wine critic Robert M. Parker Jr.Initially titled The Baltimore-Washington Wine Advocate the first issue was published in 1978.
 House Work is a novel by the American writer Kristina McGrath set in 1950s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of a working-class family of five through shifting points of view. The novel's focus is on a mother's heroism in raising her three children alone after the disintegration of her marriage.
 Super Mario Adventures (マリオの大冒険 Mario no Daibōken) is an anthology of comics that ran in Nintendo Power magazine throughout 1992 featuring the characters from Nintendo's Mario series and based loosely on Super Mario World. Charlie Nozawa the artist who created the comics is also known by the pen name Tamakichi Sakura.
 Heathen Gods in Old English Literature is a historical study of the literary references for several pagan deities in Anglo-Saxon England. Written by the English studies scholar Richard North of University College London it was first published by Cambridge University Press in 1997. The book was released as the twenty-second monograph in the Press' series Cambridge Studies in Anglo-Saxon England edited by Simon Keynes Michael Lapidge and Andy Orchard.
 The Blue and Brown Books are two sets of notes taken during lectures conducted by Ludwig Wittgenstein between 1933 and 1935. They were mimeographed as two separated books and a few copies were circulated in a restricted circle during Wittgenstein's lifetime. The lecture notes from 1933–4 were bound in blue cloth and the notes dictated in 1934–5 were bound in brown.
 The Santa Monica Mirror is a weekly community newspaper which covers Santa Monica Brentwood Pacific Palisades Venice and Marina del Rey in the U.S. state of California. It circulates around 22000 subscriptions weekly. The Mirror focuses on local happenings events sports and arts. The Mirror also has a daily updated site with all current and breaking news in Santa Monica and the local area. The paper's stories are written by local residents.
 New Men was a comic book series published during the 1990s by Image Comics. It was one of the many titles co-created by Rob Liefeld and released as part of his Extreme Studios imprint. Like many of Liefeld's creations for this and his Maximum Comics line the New Men bore striking similarities to characters from mainstream comic companies; in this case New Men was very similar to Marvel Comics' X-Men franchise.
 Keepers of the House is the debut novel of Lisa St Aubin de Terán published as The Long Way Home in the US. The novel is autobiographical and set in a Venezuelan valley beset by drought. First published in 1982 by Jonathan Cape it won the Somerset Maugham Award.
 The Saint in New York is a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton in 1935. It was published in the United States by Doubleday in January 1935. A shorter version of the novel had previously been published in the September 1934 issue of The American Magazine.The Saint in New York was the 15th book chronicling the adventures of Simon Templar (alias The Saint) an anti-hero character patterned after Robin Hood.
 Proxima Centauri is a science fiction short story by Murray Leinster that first appeared in the March 1935 issue of Astounding Stories. Unusually for the time the story adhered to the laws of physics as they were known showing a starship that was limited by the speed of light and which took several years to travel between the stars. In his comments on the story in Before the Golden Age Isaac Asimov thought that Proxima Centauri must have influenced Robert A.
 Two Treatises of Government (or Two Treatises of Government: In the Former The False Principles and Foundation of Sir Robert Filmer and His Followers Are Detected and Overthrown. The Latter Is an Essay Concerning The True Original Extent and End of Civil Government) is a work of political philosophy published anonymously in 1689 by John Locke.
 Minyas (Greek: Μινυάς) was the title of an early Greek epic poem probably dating to the 6th century BC which is now lost and whose author is unknown. The very few fragments that survive (available in Greek in Davies' and Bernabé's editions and in Greek and English translation edited by M.L. West) seem to have nothing to do with Minyas the ancient ruler of Orchomenus however: it concerns the story of Theseus' and Peirithous's descent into the Underworld.
 Magic's Child is the third installment in Justine Larbalestier's Magic or Madness trilogy. It talks about Reason Cansino trying to tell Danny Galeano that she is pregnant with his child and that Jason Blake is coming close to succeeding.
 Keyhole was a critically acclaimed black-and-white alternative comic book published from 1996–1998. A two-man anthology by cartoonists Dean Haspiel and Josh Neufeld Keyhole was published by two different publishers starting with Millennium Publications and ending up at Top Shelf Productions.
 Tim and Pete is the third novel written by James Robert Baker (1946–1997) an American author of sharply satirical predominantly gay-themed transgressional fiction. A native Californian his work is set almost entirely in Southern California. After graduating from UCLA he began his career as a screenwriter but became disillusioned and started writing novels instead.
 Four Fish: The Future of the Last Wild Food is a 2010 nonfiction book by author Paul Greenberg. This work explores the state of commercial fishing and aquaculture. Greenberg frames his observations by commenting on the status of four specific fish: cod salmon bass and tuna. Choosing four fish was a decision influenced by author Michael Pollan's selection of four plants in his book The Botany of Desire.
 Shiloh: A Novel is an historical novel about the American Civil War battle of that name written in 1952 by Shelby Foote. It employs the first-person perspectives of several protagonists Union and Confederate to give a moment-by-moment depiction of the battle.
 Anime Explosion! The What? Why? & Wow! Of Japanese Animation is a book of essays about anime written by Patrick Drazen. It was published on January 1 2002 by Stone Bridge Press.
 The Rice Sprout Song is a 1955 novel by Eileen Chang the first novel she wrote in English. Detailing the hardships a peasant family faces in China Chang elegantly describes how the bonds of family and kinship weather the forces of a food shortage.
 The Newcomes is a novel by William Makepeace Thackeray first published in 1855.
 Artforum is an international monthly magazine specializing in contemporary art.
 When True Night Falls published in 1993 by DAW Books is a fantasy novel by Celia S. Friedman. It is the second book in the Coldfire Trilogy.
 Dragonfly is a novel written by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released under the pseudonym K. R. Dwyer in 1975. The book has not been re-issued since.
 New Worlds for Old is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by August Derleth. It was first published by Four Square Books in 1963 and contains nine stories from Derleth's earlier anthology Worlds of Tomorrow. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Fantastic Fantasy: The Magazine of Science Fiction Worlds Beyond Astounding Stories The Fantasy Fan Fantasy and Science Fiction and Weird Tales.
 The High Window is a 1942 novel written by Raymond Chandler. It is his third novel to feature Los Angeles private detective Philip Marlowe.
 Calories is a science fiction short story written by L. Sprague de Camp a story in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It was first published under the title Getaway on Krishna in the magazine Ten Story Fantasy in the issue for Spring 1951. It first appeared in book form under the present title in the collection Sprague de Camp's New Anthology of Science Fiction published simultaneously in hardcover by Hamilton and in paperback by Panther Books in 1953.
 Expert Review of Cardiovascular Therapy is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles and original papers on all aspects of cardiology. It was established in 2003 and is published by Informa. The journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE/Index Medicus/PubMed EMBASE/Excerpta Medica EMCare Chemical Abstracts Scopus and CINAHL.
 The Nobodies is a fantasy novel by N. E. Bode. It follows The Anybodies and has one sequel The Somebodies.
 Missouri Boy is an autobiographical graphic novel written and illustrated by Leland Myrick. The book was published in September 2006 by First Second Books.
 YAWARA! also known as Yawara! A Fashionable Judo Girl is a Japanese manga series by Naoki Urasawa which ran in Big Comic Spirits from 1986 to 1993.
 Physics of Life Reviews is a peer-reviewed quarterly scientific journal on living systems published by Elsevier since 2004. The focus of the journal is on living systems complex phenomena in biological systems and related fields of artificial life robotics mathematical bio-semiotics and artificial intelligent systems.
 Gideon's Corpse is a 2012 thriller novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child that was released on January 10 2012 by Grand Central Publishing. The book centers around Gideon Crew and is a sequel to Gideon's Sword. The plot focuses around a nuclear scare the federal reaction and Gideon's attempts to unravel the mystery.Gideon's Corpse is expected to be followed by a sequel titled The Lost Island.
 Boys' Life is the monthly magazine of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). Its targeted readership is young American males between the ages of 6 and 18.Boys' Life is published in two demographic editions. Both editions often have the same cover but are tuned to the target audience through the inclusion of 16–20 pages of unique content per edition.The first edition is suitable for the youngest members of Cub Scouting the 6-to-10-year-old Tiger Cubs Cub Scouts and first-year Webelos Scouts.
 Broken Lives was written by Estelle Blackburn between 1992 and 1998.
 Last Inning (ラストイニング Rasutoiningu) is a baseball manga written by Ryu Kamio supervised by Kiyosi Kato and illustrated by Yu Nakahara.
 Ciudades Desiertas (Empty cities or Deserted Cities) is a 1982 novel written in Spanish by José Agustín. It is a mature work set in a small city in the United States around the early 1980s.
 IEEE/ACM Transactions on Computational Biology and Bioinformatics (TCBB) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. It is a joint publication of the IEEE Computer Society Association for Computing Machinery IEEE Computational Intelligence Society and the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society.
 Sharpe's Honour is a historical novel by Bernard Cornwell set during the Napoleonic Wars. Sharpe's Honour was the sixth book in the Sharpe series written by Cornwell but after the addition of many more novels to the successful series it resides about two thirds of the way through the series and Sharpe's military career.
 The Witch of Portobello (Portuguese: A Bruxa de Portobello) is a fiction work by Brazilian writer Paulo Coelho published in 2007 about a woman born in Transylvania to a Romani mother in a gipsy tribe without wedlock. The central character is abandoned by her birth mother because the father was a foreigner (gadje) and later adopted by a wealthy Lebanese couple.
 Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo (ボボボーボ・ボーボボ Bobobōbo Bōbobo) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshio Sawai published by Shueisha and serialized in the Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine. Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo is a comedy influenced by Japanese manzai humor that uses puns double-talk breaking of the fourth wall non-sexualized cross-dressing visual gags and satirical and pop-culture references which makes its non sequitur humor very specific to Japanese audiences.
 All Aboard for Ararat is a 1940 allegorical novella by H. G. Wells that tells a modernized version of the story of Noah and the Flood. Wells was 74 when it was published and it is the last of his utopian writings.
 Di Gi Charat (デ・ジ･キャラット De Ji Kyaratto) is a Japanese manga and anime series created by Koge-Donbo. The series follows a catgirl named Di Gi Charat Dejiko who was adopted as the mascot of Broccoli's retail chain store Gamers. The original anime series and its original video animations (OVAs) are set in a Gamers store. There are twenty Gamers stores across Japan.
 Gutsville is a currently on hiatus six issue comic book limited series from Image Comics which began in May 2007. It is written by Simon Spurrier and drawn by Frazer Irving.
 Haym Salomon Son of Liberty is a historical novel written in 1941 by Howard Fast. The novel is about Haym Salomon a major financier to the American cause during the American Revolution.
 Urban Affairs Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of urban studies including urban policy urban economic development and residential and community development. The journal's editors-in-chief are Susan E. Clarke (University of Colorado at Boulder) and Michael A. Pagano (University of Illinois at Chicago). It was established in 1965 as Urban Affairs Quarterly and obtained its current title in 1996.
 The Spectator is a weekly British conservative magazine which was first published on 6 July 1828. It is currently owned by David and Frederick Barclay who also own The Daily Telegraph newspaper via Press Holdings. Its principal subject areas are politics and culture. Its editorial outlook is generally supportive of the Conservative Party although regular contributors include some outside that fold such as Frank Field and Martin Bright.
 The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle is a historical fiction novel by the American author Avi that was published in 1990. It takes place during the crossing of a ship from England to America in the 19th century. The book chronicles the evolution of the title character as she is pushed outside her naive existence and learns about life aboard a ship. The novel was well received and won several awards including being named as a Newbery Honor book.
 Learning Perl also known as the llama book is a tutorial book for the Perl programming language and is published by O'Reilly Media. The first edition (1993) was authored solely by Randal L. Schwartz and covered Perl 4. All subsequent editions have covered Perl 5. The second (1997) edition was coauthored with Tom Christiansen and the third (2001) edition was coauthored with Tom Phoenix.
 New Left Review is a 160-page journal published every two months from London devoted to world politics economy and culture.
 Dragonstorm is a fantasy novel written by Graham Edwards. The novel was first published in 1996 by Voyager Books (UK) and HarperPrism (US). It is the second book in the Ultimate Dragon Saga trilogy. This book introduces the dragon Archan who returns in a larger role in Edwards' Stone trilogy.In 1996 the British Fantasy Society nominated Dragonstorm for Best Novel of the year.[1]
 In One Person is a 2012 novel by American author John Irving his 13th since 1968. The book was published on May 8 2012 by Simon & Schuster and deals with the coming of age of a bisexual man and his coming to grips with his sexual identity.
 Mr American is a 1980 novel by George MacDonald Fraser who described it as longer and more conventional than his usual work.
 Beyonders: A World Without Heroes is a 2011 fantasy novel by Brandon Mull. It is the first in the Beyonders trilogy.
 The Super Express is a Polish tabloid published in Warsaw since 1991 with daily circulation of about 370000. The paper owned by the MediaExpress is best known for publications about political scandals. Before the 1993 and 1995 elections in Poland Super Express published pre-election polls although there's a 24 hour time period without media information about politics.
 La Prensa de Curicó (Spanish: The Press) is a daily newspaper published in Curicó and owned by Empresa Periodística Curicó LTDA. This headquarters are located in Merced 373 Curicó Chile. The newspaper was founded on November 13 1898.
 Robots Androids and Mechanical Oddities: The Science Fiction of Philip K. Dick is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by the Southern Illinois University Press in 1984 and was edited by Patricia S. Warrick and Martin H. Greenberg.
 Moss Avis is a local newspaper in Moss Norway. Having a rivalry with Moss Dagblad it is published six days a week. The chief editor is Pål Enghaug.It was established in 1876 and became affiliated with the Liberal Party. It later shifted to the right before becoming non-partisan. It was originally published three times a week but this was expanded to six times in 1931. It changed to tabloid format in 1989 and launched its Internet site in 1999.
 Evaluation is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers in the field of evaluation. The editor-in-chief is Eliot Stern (Tavistock Institute). It was established in 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Tavistock Institute.
 Sinner is the first novel in The Wayfarer Redemption Trilogy by Sara Douglass. In the United States it is also considered the fourth in The Wayfarer Redemption sextet. It is followed by Pilgrim and concludes in Crusader.
 British Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering British political studies published by Palgrave Macmillan. The editors-in-chief are Colin Hay (University of Sheffield) and Peter Kerr (University of Birmingham).
 The Evolution of Human Sexuality is a 1979 book by anthropologist Donald Symons a classic work on human sexual evolution.
 Amber and Ashes is a fiction fantasy novel in the Dragonlance book series and is the first of a trilogy called The Dark Disciple based around the character Mina. The book takes up where the War of Souls left off. This trilogy will explore the Chaos that is post-war Krynn. It is authored by Margaret Weis who was a co-founder of the Dragonlance series along with Tracy Hickman.
 The Water of the Wondrous Isles is a fantasy novel by William Morris perhaps the first writer of modern fantasy to unite an imaginary world with the element of the supernatural and thus the precursor of much of present-day fantasy literature. It was first printed in 1897 by Morris' own Kelmscott Press on vellum and artisanal paper in a blackletter type of his own design. For the wider reading public a hardcover trade edition was published later that year by Longmans Green and Co.
 Dead Accounts is Broadway play written by Theresa Rebeck. The comedy premiered at the Music Box Theatre on November 29 2012 and closed on January 6 2013. The production starred Norbert Leo Butz and Katie Holmes and was directed by Jack O'Brien.
 Tarzan Triumphant is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the fifteenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Blue Book from October 1931 through March 1932.
 The Tower is a poem by the Irish poet William Butler Yeats. It is a passionate indictment of a man wrestling with age.
 The Journal & The 114th 1861 to 1865 (1979) is a book that contains the history of the 114th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment during the American Civil War and newspaper articles of the 1860s. Researched and written by John L.
 The Zombie Survival Guide written by American author Max Brooks and published in 2003 is a survival manual dealing with the fictional potentiality of a zombie attack. It contains detailed plans for the average citizen to survive zombie uprisings of varying intensity and reach and describes cases of zombie outbreaks in history including an interpretation of Roanoke Colony. The Zombie Survival Guide was also featured on The New York Times Best Seller's list.
 The Journal of Julius Rodman Being an Account of the First Passage across the Rocky Mountains of North America Ever Achieved by Civilized Man is an unfinished serial novel by American author Edgar Allan Poe published in 1840.
 The Once and Future King is an Arthurian fantasy novel written by T. H. White. It was first published in 1958 and is mostly a composite of earlier works written between 1938 and 1941. The central theme is an exploration of human nature regarding power and justice as the boy Arthur becomes king and attempts to quell the prevalent might makes right attitude with his idea of chivalry.
 The Delaware Law Weekly connects members of the First State's legal community with information opportunity and challenge. It provides articles and columns that are geared toward legal professionals and helps them maneuver Delaware law. It also runs digests of important Delaware judicial opinions and at the end of the year publishes comprehensive indexes of the cases by name and subject matter. The Delaware Law Weekly is a weekly newsletter that is offered both in print and online.
 Starship Traveller is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and illustrated by Peter Andrew Jones. Originally published by Puffin Books in 1983 the title is the fourth gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002.
 The Waxworks Murder first published in 1932 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Henri Bencolin of the Parisian police. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Baldo is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Luciano Bottaro.
 Quest is an American magazine.
 Xman (sometimes referred to as XMAN) is Michael Brodsky's third novel. It tells the parody philosophical tale of Xman a universal nobody who arrives in Manhattan and drifts between arguments interviews accidents hospitals derelicts terrorists and death.Xman is noted for its lack of conventional characters or dialogue. The plot is picaresque. Ontological discussion is the norm especially in regard to symptoms labels captions bracketing impersonation and the true work.
 The Complete Priest's Handbook is a supplemental rulebook published in 1990 for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 A Gift From Earth is a science fiction novel by Larry Niven first published in 1968 and set in his Known Space universe. The novel was originally serialized as Slowboat Cargo.
 Power Profit and Protest: Australian Social Movements and Globalisation is a 2003 book by Verity Burgmann.The book was originally published in 1993 and the 2003 edition is substantially expanded. It contains a new chapter on social movements and social change and another on the anti-corporate globalisation movement.
 A Break with Charity: A Story about the Salem Witch Trials (ISBN 978-0-15-204682-8) is a novel by Ann Rinaldi released in 1992 and is part of the Great Episodes series.
 'A Hacker Manifesto' is a critical manifesto written by McKenzie Wark where he criticizes the commodification of information in the age of digital culture and globalization. It was published during 2004 and in the United States.
 Photo Finish (novel) is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the thirty-first and penultimate novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1980. The novel takes place on a millionaire's private island in New Zealand and features the world premiere of an opera entitled The Alien Corn after the Biblical story of Ruth. The novel's central character bears a striking resemblance to Maria Callas.
 Barddas is book of material compiled and written by the Welsh writer and literary forger Iolo Morganwg. Though purported to be an authentic compilation of ancient Welsh bardic and druidic theology and lore its contents are largely Iolo's own invention. The work was published by John Williams for the Welsh Manuscripts Society in two volumes 1862 and 1874.
 Contingency Hegemony Universality: Contemporary Dialogues On The Left is a collaborative book by the political theorists Judith Butler Ernesto Laclau and Slavoj Žižek published in 2000.
 Neighbourhood Watch is a 2011 play by Alan Ayckbourn. It is about a brother and sister who innocently set up a Neighbourhood Watch group following petty crime from a nearby estate only for the group to go out of control and become an authoritarian force controlling the lives of the people they are supposed to protect.
 Urban the Ninth is a 1973 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall. It is the first novel of a three volume series. It was followed by Marx the First and concludes with Peter the Second.
 The Passions of the Mind is a 1971 novel by American author Irving Stone. It is a biographical novel about the psychiatrist Sigmund Freud and covers his life from when he was a student to when he is forced to leave Austria to escape the growing influence of the Nazis. It covers many aspects of the subject's life including his hospital work his relationship with his parents his marriage to Martha Bernays and his support for his successor Carl Jung.
 The General (2008) is the tenth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. The primary action of the novel is set in the Nevada desert during a joint training exercise.
 Bomba! (ボンバ! Bonba!) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1970.
 Stepping on Roses (裸足でバラを踏め Hadashi de Bara wo Fume lit. Stepping on Roses Barefoot) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Rinko Ueda. The series began serialization in Margaret magazine in 2007 and completed its run in the March 19 2012 issue of the same magazine. The individual chapters have been collected into eight tankōbon volumes by Shueisha as of March 2012; the first on April 25 2008 and the most recent on October 25 2011.
 Sonnet On Seeing a Piece of our Heavy Artillery Brought into Action is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.The poem is among those set in the War Requiem of Benjamin Britten.Benjamin Britten's War Requiem excerpts lines 1&25&6 and 13&14 as his fourth Willfred Owen war poem.
 The King of Torts is a legal/suspense novel written by American author John Grisham. The first edition (ISBN 0-385-50804-2) was published in hardcover format by Doubleday in 2003 and immediately debuted at #1 on the New York Times Best Sellers list remaining in the top 15 for over twenty weeks. Dell Publishing published the paperback edition later in 2003 (ISBN 0-440-24153-7).
 Chitrochor (Bengali: চিত্রচোর) also spelled Chitro Chor (Lit: A thief of the photo) is a detective story written by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay featuring the Bengali detective Byomkesh Bakshi and his friend assistant and narrator Ajit Bandyopadhyay. It is one of the first forays that Sharadindu took in the realm of creating a mature logical detective moulded in the pattern of Sherlock Holmes in the Bengali language and one that Bengalis could immediately identify with.
 The Lamp from the Warlock's Tomb is a gothic horror novel directed at child readers. It was written by John Bellairs and originally published in 1988. The book was illustrated by Edward Gorey.
 Journal for the Study of the Pseudepigrapha is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on pseudepigrapha including text-critical historical social scientific and theological studies. The editors-in-chief are James Mueller (University of Florida) Loren Stuckenbruck (Princeton Theological Seminary) and Robert Hayward (University of Durham). It was established in 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Blood-Horse is an international weekly news magazine published by Blood-Horse Publications that originated in 1916 as a monthly bulletin put out by the Thoroughbred Horse Association.In 1935 the business was purchased by the American Thoroughbred Breeders Association.
 Benjamin's Crossing is a 1996 historical novel written by Jay Parini about the Jewish critic and philosopher Walter Benjamin and his escape over the Pyrenees from Nazi occupied France into Spain. It was a New York Times Notable Book of the year in 1997.
 Death by China: Confronting the Dragon – A Global Call to Action is a 2011 non-fiction book by economics professor Peter Navarro and Greg Autry that chronicles From currency manipulation and abusive trade policies to slave labor and deadly consumer products the alleged threats to global economic stability and world peace posed by China's corrupt and ruthless governing Communist Party.A feature length documentary film based on the book narrated by Martin Sheen and also titled Death by China was released in 2012.
 Cylinder van Troffa is a social science fiction novel by Polish novelist Janusz A. Zajdel. The book published in 1980 by Czytelnik covers the problems of time travelling society development eugenics and isolated societies. At the time of its release it was treated as a warning for a totalitarian systems.
 Fair and Tender Ladies is a novel by Lee Smith published in 1988. It won the W.D. Weatherford Award that year.Fair and Tender Ladies is an epistolary novel consisting entirely of letters written by its protagonist Ivy Rowe to numerous recipients from her childhood until her old age. It is set mostly in the Blue Ridge Mountains and covers events from shortly before World War I until the Vietnam era.
 Persian Fire: The First World Empire and the Battle for the West is a historical study of the Persian Empire by popular historian Tom Holland which was first published in 2005.
 See also an album by Two Steps from HellTwo Steps From Heaven is a novel by Russian author Mikhail Evstafiev.
 The Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal focusing on all aspects of autism spectrum disorders and related developmental disabilities. It was established in 1971 under the name Journal of Autism and Childhood Schizophrenia and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Fred R. Volkmar (Yale University School of Medicine).
 A House Not Meant to Stand is the last play written by Tennessee Williams. It was produced during the 1981–82 season at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago by Gregory Mosher and published for the first time in 2008 by New Directions. with a foreword by Gregory Mosher and an Introduction by Thomas Keith.
 Orphans is a 2009 play by London playwright Dennis Kelly an exploration of violence in urban areas. Kelly said “I always want my plays to have tension; whether the audience hates it or loves it is up to them but I never want them to be bored.”
 Blu's Hanging is a 1997 coming-of-age novel by Lois-Ann Yamanaka. It follows the Ogata family after the death of their mother as each family member struggles to come to terms with their grief. The story is told through Ivah a smart-mouthed thirteen-year-old who is left as the oldest child to take care of her younger siblings Blu and Maisie while she struggles with her own grief emerging sexuality and awareness of the world.
 The Macquarie Dictionary is a dictionary of Australian English. It is generally held by universities and the legal profession to be the authoritative source on Australian English. It also pays considerable attention to New Zealand English. Originally it was a publishing project of Jacaranda Press a Brisbane educational publisher for which an editorial committee was formed largely from the Linguistics department of Macquarie University in Sydney Australia.
 The Outlaws of Sherwood is a retelling of the legend of Robin Hood by Robin McKinley. In McKinley's Afterword the history of the tales of Robin Hood is described as the retellings through the centuries have echoed concurrent preoccupations.The story includes both the traditional Robin Hood characters like Little John Friar Tuck and Allan-a-Dale alongside characters of McKinley's own invention with detailed attention to the motivations and thoughts of characters.
 The King's Name is a fantasy novel written by Jo Walton and published by Tor Books in October 2001. It was Walton's second novel and a sequel to her first The King's Peace. A prequel The Prize in the Game was published in 2002.
 The Cat Ate My Gymsuit (1974) is a young adult novel written by Paula Danziger.
 Harenchi Gakuen (ハレンチ学園 Shameless School) is a Japanese media franchise created by Go Nagai. Harenchi Gakuen was one of the manga serialized in the very first issue of Shueisha's manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump. The series was the first big success for Go Nagai.
 O.C.T.: Occult Crimes Taskforce is an American four-issue comic book mini-series about the eponymous team of fictional police officers. It was created by actress Rosario Dawson writer David Atchison and illustrator Tony Shasteen. Dawson also lends her likeness to main character Sophia Ortiz.
 The Fight for Truth by Jude Watson is the ninth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 The Dirty Energy Dilemma: What’s Blocking Clean Power in the United States is a 2008 book by academic Benjamin K. Sovacool published by Praeger. In the book Sovacool explores problems with the current U.S. electricity system and ways to overcome them.
 Rouputuan also known as Huiquanbao and Juehouchan and translated as The Carnal Prayer Mat or The Before Midnight Scholar is a Chinese erotic novel of the Qing Dynasty published under a pseudonym but usually attributed to Li Yu. It was written in 1657 and published in 1693. It is divided into four volumes of five chapters apiece. It was published in Japan in 1705 as Nikufuton with an preface proclaiming it the greatest erotic novel of all time.
 The Man on Horseback (French: L'homme à cheval) is a 1943 novel by the French writer Pierre Drieu la Rochelle. It is set in Bolivia and tells the story of a dictator who tries to create an empire. The novel explores the author's ideas about political momentum and its origins.
 The Geelong Advertiser is a daily newspaper servicing Geelong Victoria Australia the Bellarine Peninsula and surrounding areas. The Geelong Advertiser is the oldest newspaper title in Victoria and the second oldest in Australia and was first published on 21 November 1840. The newspaper is currently owned by News Limited. It is the Pacific Area Newspaper Publishers Association 2009 Newspaper of the Year (circulation 25000 to 90000).
 Dàna is an independent online magazine in Scottish Gaelic founded in 2014. It is run by a team of volunteers and publishing articles daily.
 Soldier of the Mist is a 1986 fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe published by Tor Books; it won the 1987 Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel and was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel and the World Fantasy Award.The story is presented as the recovered diary of Latro a Roman mercenary who fought for Xerxes at the Battle of Plataea.
 Yated Ne'eman is a weekly Haredi newspaper/magazine that is based in Monsey New York and published in English and distributed mostly in the New York City metropolitan area where large communities of Haredi Jews reside.[1][2][3] It was established in 1987 and has an extremely wide variety of features in issues of up to 200 pages.[4]
 The Wind from the Sun (ISBN 0-15-196810-1) is a 1972 collection of short stories by science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke. Some of the stories originally appeared in a number of different publications. A part of the book was included in CD on board the Planetary Society's solar sail Cosmos 1.
 The Law of Life  is a short story by the American naturalist writer Jack London. It was first published in McClure's Magazine Vol.16 March 1901. In 1902 it was published by Macmillan Publishers in a collection of Jack London's stories The Children of Frost. The protagonist of the story as well as the rest of his tribe is believed to be of Inuit descent.
 Mr. Muo's Travelling Couch (French: Le Complexe de Di) is a novel by Dai Sijie published in 2003. The French title of the novel is a play on le complexe d'Oedipe or the Oedipus complex. The novel was translated into English in 2005 by Ina Rilke and published as Mr. Muo's Travelling Couch.
 The Swanepoel Power 200 (SP200) is an annual list of the 200 most powerful people in residential real estate in northern America (United States and Canada). The list is described as the most comprehensive list of influential CEOs thought leaders and senior executives ever assembled in the residential real estate brokerage business. The prestigious list stands as a milestone analysis of the multidisciplinary real estate industry and released in print (52 pages) and online at www.sp200.com.
 The Way Up to Heaven is a macabre short story by Roald Dahl included in his 1960 collection Kiss Kiss. It was originally published in the 27 February 1954 edition of The New Yorker.
 The Fletcher Forum of World Affairs is an academic journal of international relations founded in 1975. It is peer-reviewed published biannually and managed by students at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy Tufts University. It is also an online foreign policy forum featuring additional articles and interviews.
 Interface Focus is the Royal Society's cross-disciplinary themed publication promoting research at the interface between the physical and life sciences.
 The Rose Rent is a medieval mystery novel set in the summer of 1142 by Ellis Peters. This is the thirteenth novel in the Cadfael Chronicles first published in 1986 (1986 in literature).It was adapted for television in 1997 by Carlton and Central for ITV.A young monk is murdered next to a white rose bush at a home bequeathed to the Abbey by a young widow. Brother Cadfael finds the murderer as the widow makes peace with her loss.
 Hollywood Undercover: Revealing the Sordid Secrets of Tinseltown is a non-fiction book about the culture of Hollywood society written by investigative journalist and author Ian Halperin. Halperin poses as a gay man trying to become a successful actor in Hollywood and informs individuals he is from the non-existent Israeli royal family.
 Into the Comet is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke. It was originally published in the literary magazine Fantasy & Science Fiction in 1960. It is one of several stories by many science fiction authors in which problems are solved by reverting to 'primitive' technology. The story was also published as Inside the Comet.
 The Journal of Development Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier. It was established in 1974 and is considered the top field journal in development economics.Its editor-in-chief from 1985 to 2003 was Pranab Bardhan. He was succeeded by Mark Rosenzweig (2003-2009). The current editor in chief is Maitreesh Ghatak who started his term in 2009.
 A Colder War is an English-language alternate history novelette by Charles Stross written c. 1997.The story fuses the Cold War and the Cthulhu Mythos by exploring the consequences of a follow-up to the expedition in H. P. Lovecraft's At the Mountains of Madness. Although the story has similarity to the later Stross novel The Atrocity Archives they are set in different universes.
 Slavery by Another Name: The Re-Enslavement of Black Americans from the Civil War to World War II is a book by American writer Douglas A. Blackmon published by Anchor Books in 2008. It explores the forced labor of imprisoned black men and women through the convict lease system used by states local governments white farmers and corporations after the American Civil War until World War II in the southern United States.
 The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo is a children's book published in 1969 written by Judy Blume with illustrations by Amy Aitken. It was Blume's first published work. It is about second-grader Freddy Dissel a middle child who feels emotionally squashed between his older brother Mike and his younger sister Ellen. He doesn't seem to get much attention until he lands a role in a school play as a green kangaroo.
 The Black Box is the 25th novel by American crime author Michael Connelly and the sixteenth novel featuring Los Angeles Police Department detective Harry Bosch. The book was published on 26 November 2012 in part to honor the 20th anniversary of the character.
 The Idler is a yearly British magazine devoted to its ethos of 'idling'. Founded in 1993 by Tom Hodgkinson and Gavin Pretor-Pinney the publication's intention is to return dignity to the art of loafing to make idling into something to aspire towards rather than reject.The magazine combines the aesthetics of 1990s slacker culture and pre-industrial revolution idealism. The title comes from a series of essays by Samuel Johnson published in 1758–59.
 Manikkodi was a Tamil literary weekly that was published from 1932 to 1939. Founded by Stalin Srinivasan V. Ramaswami and T. S. Chockalingam the magazine was noted for its expertly-written articles and gave birth to the Manikkodi Literary Movement. The magazine launched the careers of newcomers like C. S. Chellappa Puthumaipithan and Chitti who have earned acclaim as literary greats.
 The Showgirl Princess is a children's book written by Kylie Minogue. It was released on September 21 2006 through Puffin Books. The book is aimed at girls aged six and upwards and is based on Minogue's life.The hardcover book was illustrated by Swan Park. It features photos of Minogue taken by William Baker.Jane Richardson the book's editor says that The Showgirl Princess will appeal to little princesses everywhere who love to dress up and have fun.
 Marcelo in the Real World is a young adult novel by Francisco Stork. Published in 2009 this award-winning book tells the story of a summer in the life of 17-year old Marcelo Sandoval a boy with Asperger-like characteristics.
 Revalsche Zeitung was a German language newspaper published in Estonia.
 Biochemical Society Transactions is an academic journal which publishes the transactions of the annual conference and focused meetings of the Biochemical Society together with independent meetings supported by the Society. The Society's annual symposium previously published only in Biochemical Society Symposia was first published in Transactions in 2008. Established in 1973 the journal is currently published six times a year by Portland Press the Society's publishing arm from London UK.
 Annals of Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. Its focus is on all aspects of basic physics research. Topics cover theory methodology and applications. The Editor-in-Chief is Nobel Prize laureate Frank Wilczek.
 The Golden Keel is the debut novel by English author Desmond Bagley first published in 1963. Written in the first person narrative the introductory biography of the protagonist is closely patterned after that of the author.
 The Man (1964) by Irving Wallace speculatively explores the socio-political consequences in U.S. society when a Black man becomes President of the United States. The novel's title derives from the contemporary — fifties sixties seventies — American slang English The Man.
 Tibet Times (Tibetan: བོད་ཀྱི་དུས་བབ། Wylie: bod-kyi-dus-bab; Tournadre: Bhö kyi Dhübap) is a Tibetan-language newspaper founded in 1996 and published every ten days from Dharamshala Himachal Pradesh India the seat of the 14th Dalai Lama.The underlying philosophy of the newspaper centers on the need for an independent press to an exiled community.The newspaper covers a range of subjects including the current situation in Tibet the Tibetan diaspora and the voice of the general people.
 Child Christopher and Goldilind the Fair is a fantasy novel by William Morris perhaps the first modern fantasy writer to unite an imaginary world with the element of the supernatural and thus the precursor of much of present-day fantasy literature. It was first published in hardcover by Morris' Kelmscott Press in 1895.
 At a Calvary near the Ancre is a poem by Wilfred Owen.
 O Estado de S. Paulo (Portuguese pronunciation: [u isˈtadu dʒi sɐ̃w̃ ˈpawlu] The State of São Paulo) is a daily newspaper published in the Metropolitan region of São Paulo Brazil and distributed mainly nationally.
 The Legend of King O'Malley is a 1970 Australian musical play by Bob Ellis and Michael Boddy about politician King O'Malley. The original production was held at Jane Street Theatre in Randwick Sydney and featured Robyn Nevin and Kate Fitzpatrick and was directed by John Bell. It was heavily revised throughout rehearsals.It was a big success commercially and critically and toured Australia. It has since been much revived.
 Feminist Criminology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of criminology especially research and theory that highlights the gendered nature in areas such as girls and women as victims feminist theories of crime and girls and women and the justice system. The journal's editor-in-chief is Jana L. Jasinski (The University of Central Florida).
 The Journal of Forecasting is a peer-reviewed academic journal published eight times per year by John Wiley & Sons.
 The Parafaith War (1996) is a science fiction novel by L. E. Modesitt Jr.. It is set in a future where humanity has spread to the stars and divided into several factions. Two factions the Eco-Tech Coalition and the Revenants of the Prophet (revs) are engaged in a futile war over territory and their competing social philosophies. The ecologically-aware Coalition must hold back the zealous rev hordes constantly seeking new territory for their ever-expanding theocratic society.
 Leonardo is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the MIT Press covering the application of contemporary science and technology to the arts and music.
 Spider-Man J (スパイダーマンJ Supaidāman J) is a manga by Yamanaka Akira. It ran in the shōnen magazine Comic Bom Bom from November 9 2004 to May 11 2005. The manga is in no way connected to Ryoichi Ikegami's Spider-Man: The Manga.
 Homer & Langley is a novel by American author E. L. Doctorow published in September 2009. It imagines a version of the lives of the Collyer brothers of New York City notorious for their eccentricities as well as their habit of compulsively hoarding a plethora of various bric-a-brac newspapers books and other items.
 The Journal of High Energy Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of high energy physics. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the International School for Advanced Studies. The journal used to publish a conference proceedings supplement which has been incorporated into the Proceedings of Science.
 Zen at War is a book written by Brian Daizen Victoria first published in 1997. The second edition appeared in 2006.
 Rolling Home: A Cross Canada Railroad Memoir is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer Tom Allen first published in October 2001 by Penguin Books. In the book the author chronicles his travels across Canada on a train. Allen includes his interviews with passengers engineers cooks and porters. Rolling Home has been called an evocative cross-country tour of Canada by train by Staebler award administrator Kathryn Wardropper.
 The Medical Letter on Drugs and Therapeutics (commonly referred to as The Medical Letter) is a peer-reviewed biweekly medical journal providing evaluations of pharmaceutical drugs. It is published in English French and Italian The Medical Letter Inc. which also publishes the monthly Treatment Guidelines from The Medical Letter. the journal is abstracted and indexed in Index medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed.
 The Fresno Bee is the daily newspaper serving Fresno California and surrounding counties in that U.S. state's San Joaquin Valley. It is owned by The McClatchy Company and ranks fourth in circulation among the company's newspapers.The Fresno Bee was founded in 1922 by the McClatchy brothers Charles Kenny (C.K.) and Valentine Stuart (V.S.) sons of The Sacramento Bee's second editor James McClatchy. C.K.'s only son Carlos McClatchy became The Fresno Bee's first editor.
 Weapons of Legacy is a supplemental rulebook for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game published by Wizards of the Coast.
 Luv Ya Bunches is a 2009 children's novel by author Lauren Myracle. The book was first published on October 1 2009 through Amulet Books and focuses on the friendship between four elementary school girls with similar floral themed names. It's very popular among girls ages 9-13 and is known for its girly and interesting story plot.
 Sun Myung Moon and the Unification Church is a nonfiction book about the Unification Church and its founder and leader Sun Myung Moon. It was written by Frederick Sontag a professor of philosophy at Pomona College and a minister in the United Church of Christ. and published by Abingdon Press in 1977. Sontag spent 10 months visiting church members in North America Europe and Asia as well as interviewing Moon at his home in New York State.
 The Gulag Archipelago (Russian: Архипелаг ГУЛАГ Arkhipelag GULAG) is a book by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn about the Soviet forced labour camp system. The three-volume book is a narrative relying on eyewitness testimony and primary research material as well as the author's own experiences as a prisoner in a gulag labor camp.
 PLOS Pathogens is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal containing original articles about pathogens and how they interact with their host organisms.It began operation in September 2005. It was the fifth journal of the Public Library of Science (PLOS) a non-profit open-access publisher. All content in PLOS Pathogens is published under the Creative Commons by-attribution license.
 Glitz is a 1985 novel by author Elmore Leonard following the story of Detective Vincent Mora who's being stalked by Teddy Magyk the serial rapist he put away. It was made into a 1988 TV movie starring Jimmy Smits.
 Somatic Cell and Molecular Genetics was a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the fields of cell biology and molecular genetics.The journal was established in 1975 as Somatic Cell Genetics. The founding editor-in-chief was Richard L. Davidson (then of the University of Illinois College of Medicine). The journal expanded scope to encompass the increased development of molecular genetics and changed its name to reflect this with the tenth volume January 1984 edition.
 Hunting and Gathering is a 2004 novel by the French writer Anna Gavalda. Its original French title is Ensemble c'est tout which means Together that's everything. The narrative follows an anorexic young woman who struggles with the neuroses both of her own and of people around her. The book was adapted into a 2007 film with the same title directed by Claude Berri.
 The Noah Conspiracy is a 1981 novel by Michael Shaara author of The Killer Angels and For Love of the Game first published as The Herald.It is a science fiction novel about the fate of mankind in which millions are dying and one man must choose between saving mankind or saving the future. It takes its name from the Biblical character of Noah who entered an ark to save himself and his family.
 The Ars amatoria (English: The Art of Love) is an instructional elegy series in three books by Ancient Roman poet Ovid. It was written in 2 AD. It is about teaching basic Gentlemanly male and female relationship skills and techniques.
 (For the films based on this play see Arizona (1918 film) (starring Douglas Fairbanks) and Arizona (1931 film) (starring John Wayne).)Arizona is a dramatic play written in 1899 by Augustus Thomas considered one of his best. The play takes place in Arizona Territory before the Spanish American War of 1898. The Territory became the U.S. state of Arizona in 1912.
 The Virgin of Zesh & The Tower of Zanid is a 1982 collection of two science fiction novels by L. Sprague de Camp. Both works are part of his Viagens Interplanetarias series and of its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna. The collection was first published in paperback by Ace Books in February 1983 and reprinted in April of the same year.
 True Tunes News was a magazine which covered alternative Christian music.
 Sweet Sixteen is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Egypt Today is an Egyptian English-language monthly magazine first published in 1979. It covers Egyptian current affairs and some international news. The magazine is published by IBA media which also publishes Business Today Egypt another monthly magazine. Both magazines are based in Cairo.The 2013 circulation of the magazine is about 14500 copies.
 New Grub Street is a novel by George Gissing published in 1891 which is set in the literary and journalistic circles of 1880s London. Gissing revised and shortened the novel for a French edition of 1901.The BBC Radio 4 sitcom Ed Reardon's Week contains characters based on the novel.
 The Book of Daniel (1971) is semi-historical novel by E. L. Doctorow loosely based on the lives trial and execution of Ethel and Julius Rosenberg. Doctorow tells the story of Paul and Rochelle Isaacson (corollaries to the Rosenbergs) through the persons of their older son Daniel and his sister Susan who are college students deeply involved in 1960s politics.
 Andromeda Spaceways Inflight Magazine or ASIM is a fantasy and science fiction magazine and webzine published out of Glenn Innes New South Wales Australia. The publishers of ASIM describe it as Australia's Pulpiest SF Magazine. The magazine is currently edited by Robbie Matthews and is published every other month. Although originally sold only in Australia subscriptions for ASIM are now available worldwide through Amazon.com and other online vendors.
 Letters to a Young Contrarian is Christopher Hitchens' contribution released in 2001 to the Art of Mentoring series published by Basic Books.Inspired by his students at The New School in New York and a challenge that was made to me in the early months of the year 2000 the book is addressed directly to the reader—My Dear X—as a series of missives exploring a range of contrarian radical independent or dissident positions and advocating the attitudes best suited to cultivating and to holding them. 
 The World According To Clarkson is a book of Jeremy Clarkson's columns he wrote while working for the Sunday Times. They ran from 7 January 2001 until 14 December 2003. The topics were varied each one usually based on either a big or trivial news story from the week. About eight were written as Clarkson travelled around Europe.
 Play was a U.S.-based magazine focused on video games manga and anime and other media such as film and television comics music. Published by Fusion Publishing between 2001 and 2010 play magazine also had a separate Internet presence on its website playmagazine.
 Gone Too Far! is a 2007 play written by British playwright Bola Agbaje. Drawing on Agbaje's ethnic Nigerian background and London upbringing the play focuses on one day in the lives of several young black people who live in a London council estate. The play explores the numerous tensions and conflicts between the various identities - Nigerian British West Indian black white mixed-race and Asian.
 Blood's a Rover is a 2009 crime fiction novel by American author James Ellroy. It follows American Tabloid and The Cold Six Thousand as the final volume of Ellroy's Underworld USA Trilogy. A 10000-word excerpt was published in the December 2008 issue of Playboy. The book was released on September 22 2009. James Ellroy dedicated Blood's a Rover To J.M. Comrade: For Everything You Gave Me.
 Snow is a horror novel written by Ronald Malfi. It was published in 2010 by Leisure Books with a limited edition hardcover published by Altar 13 which contained additional material not in the original novel.
 The Journal of Proteome Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 2002 by the American Chemical Society. The current editor-in-chief is William S. Hancock.
 Diwan-e-Ghalib is famous poetry book written by a famous Persian and Urdu poet Mirza Asadullah Khan Ghalib. It is a collection of the Ghazals of Ghalib. Though it does not include all his Ghazals as he was too choosy to include all of his Ghazals still in many other copies of diwan e Ghalib the Urdu scholars have tried to collect all his precious works.
 Fifth Planet is a science fiction novel written by astrophysicist Sir Fred Hoyle and his son Geoffrey Hoyle.
 Popular Hot Rodding is a monthly American automotive magazine from Source Interlink media which is dedicated to high performance automobiles hot rods and muscle cars built from 1955 to the present day- though there is an emphasis on cars from the 1960-mid 1970's. The magazine focuses on American-made performance cars targeting enthusiasts modifying racing or restoring their hot rods.
 l'Adige is an Italian local daily newspaper based in Trento. It is sold in Trentino and is the most read newspaper in the region along with his main rivals Corriere del Trentino and Trentino.
 A.D.: New Orleans After the Deluge is a non-fiction graphic novel by cartoonist Josh Neufeld. It tells the stories of a handful of real-life New Orleans residents and their experiences during and after Hurricane Katrina. A.D. was a New York Times best-seller and was nominated for a 2010 Eisner Award and a 2010 Harvey Award. In addition A.D.
 American Renaissance (AR or AmRen) is a website replacing the magazine founded by Jared Taylor and published by the New Century Foundation. The website publishes original content but mainly presents news stories from various sources concerning race and political affairs.American Renaissance has been described as a white supremacist publication by the Anti-Defamation League and by Espeth Reeve of The Atlantic Wire.
 The Seward Journal is a weekly newspaper covering issues in the City of Seward Alaska. The paper is distributed by home delivery subscription and is sold in grocery stores coffee houses and hotels around Seward.
 The Discovery of Heaven is a 1992 novel by Dutch writer Harry Mulisch.In 2001 the novel was made into a film by Dutch director Jeroen Krabbé. The film features Stephen Fry as Onno and Flora Montgomery as Ada.
 The Aquarian Weekly is a regional alternative weekly newspaper based in New Jersey. Founded in 1969 its focus is popular music. It is accompanied by a pull-out section The East Coast Rocker which is freely distributed throughout the New Jersey/New York City/Eastern Pennsylvania region.The paper has remained independently owned and operated throughout its existence.
 A German Requiem is a historical detective novel and the last in the Berlin Noir trilogy written by Philip Kerr.
 Beyond the Hoax: Science Philosophy and Culture is a book by Alan Sokal detailing the history of the Sokal affair in which he submitted an article full of nonsense.
 The title of Stevan Javellana's only novel in English Without Seeing the Dawn was derived from one of José Rizal's character in the Spanish-language novel Noli Me Tangere or Touch Me Not. Javellana's 368-paged book has two parts namely Day and Night. The first part Day narrates the story of a pre-war barrio and its people in the Panay Island particularly in Iloilo. The second part Night begins with the start of World War II in both the U.S.
 Nightmare Academy: Charlie's Monsters (2007) is a fantasy novel written by Dean Lorey about a boy named Charlie Benjamin and his best friends Theodore Dagget and Violet Sweet. The story focuses on how Charlie and his friends repel the forces of the Named the most powerful creatures in the Netherworld.
 Marvel Knights 4 was an ongoing comic book series featuring the Marvel Comics superhero team the Fantastic Four. The series was launched as part of the company's Marvel Knights imprint and ran for 30 issues (Apr. 2004 - Aug. 2006). All issues in the series were written by playwright Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and presented stories that focused less upon science fiction themes than typical Fantastic Four tales.
 Ramona Quimby Age 8 (1981) by Beverly Cleary is the sixth book of the popular Ramona series. Ramona Quimby is in the third grade now at a new school and making some new friends. With Beezus in Jr. High and Mr. Quimby going back to college Ramona feels the pressure with everyone counting on her to manage at school by herself and get along with Willa Jean after school every day. Ramona Quimby Age 8 was named a Newbery Honor book in 1982.
 The Official Gazette of Iraq (Arabic: الوقائع العراقية‎ / ALA-LC: al-Waqā’i‘ al-‘Irāqiyah) has been the official source for the laws and resolutions passed by the Council of Representatives of Iraq since August 1922. Article 125 of the Constitution mandates that laws shall be published in the gazette and shall take effect on the date of their publication unless stipulated otherwise.
 Socialist Studies/Études socialistes is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Society for Socialist Studies. Its articles take a critical look at and offer solutions to various forms of social economic and political injustice.Socialist Studies/Études socialistes was established in 2005 and in fall 2008 it became an online open access e-journal.
 A Mist of Prophecies is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 2002. It is the ninth book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery stories set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 The Line: a man's experience; a son's quest to understand is a memoir written by Arch and Martin Flanagan. It details Arch Flanagan's experiences as an Australian prisoner of war of Imperial Japan during World War II.
 Westlife - Our Story is the autobiographical book by the Irish boyband Westlife released by HarperCollins (UK) on 16 June 2008. The book tells the story of their lives for the past ten years from how it started in Sligo to today's multi-platinum record charters along with private pictures of the members exclusively to the book.Westlife launched this book by doing signings around the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 Adaptation and Natural Selection: A Critique of Some Current Evolutionary Thought is a 1966 book by the American evolutionary biologist George C. Williams. Williams in what is now considered a classic by evolutionary biologists outlines a gene-centered view of evolution disputes notions of evolutionary progress and criticizes contemporary models of group selection including the theories of Alfred Emerson A. H. Sturtevant and to a smaller extent the work of V. C. Wynne-Edwards.
 Chimneys is a play by crime writer Agatha Christie and is based upon her own 1925 novel The Secret of Chimneys. The play was written in 1931 and was due to open at the Embassy Theatre in Swiss Cottage in December of that year. One year previously Black Coffee Christie's first performed stage play had opened at the same theatre.As was the law at the time the play was vetted by the Lord Chamberlain's Office and passed for performance.
 The Icebound Land is the third book in the Ranger's Apprentice book series written by Australian author John Flanagan. The book was released on 30 November 2005 in Australia.
 From Impressionism To Anime: Japan As Fantasy And Fan Cult In The Western Imagination is a scholarly book which connects Japanophilia Orientalism Japonisme and modern anime and manga fandom by Susan J. Napier published in 2007 by Palgrave Macmillan.
 Two Old Women: An Alaskan Legend Of Betrayal Courage And Survival is a 1993 novel by Velma Wallis set in northeastern Alaska.In archaic times: Two old women spend the winter abandoned by their tribe in the wilderness.
 For other uses see Button man (disambiguation).Button Man is a comic strip created for the British comic 2000 AD written by John Wagner and illustrated by Arthur Ranson.
 Zulu Heart is a 2003 alternate history novel by Steven Barnes a sequel to the 2002 book Lion's Blood.
 POOSHESH (Persian: پوشش‎) is a Fashion Magazine and Model Agency that focuses on women's fashion beauty health and entertainment. POOSHESH is also the first and world's largest Persian fashion index. It was founded by Meghdad Mostafaei in 2005. The title in Persian means outfit. Meghdad Mostafaei is the editor and chief.
 Vestnik Evropy (Russian: Вестник Европы) (Herald of Europe or Messenger of Europe) was the major liberal magazine of late-nineteenth-century Russia; it lasted from 1866 to 1918.The magazine (named for an earlier publication edited by Nikolay Karamzin) was founded by Mikhail Matveevich Stasyulevich a former professor of history who remained the publisher-editor until 1909; its editorial office was located in Stasyulevich's flat at 20 Galernaya Street and was one of the centres of St.
 The Golden Egg (Dutch: Het Gouden Ei) published as The Vanishing in English-speaking countries is a psychological thriller novella written by Dutch author Tim Krabbé first published in 1984. The plot centers on a man whose obsession over the fate of his missing lover from years ago drives him to confront her abductor and pay the ultimate sacrifice in order to know the truth. The book was adapted into a 1988 film which was later remade in an English-language version by the same director.
 The Good Master (1935) is a children's novel written and illustrated by Kate Seredy. It was named a Newbery Honor book in 1936. The Good Master is set in the Hungarian countryside before World War I and tells the story of wild young Kate who goes to live with her Uncle's family when her father can't control her.
 More Fun Comics originally titled New Fun: The Big Comic Magazine a.k.a. New Fun Comics was a 1935-1947 American comic book anthology that introduced several major superhero characters and was the first American comic-book series to feature solely original material rather than reprints of newspaper comic strips. It was also the first publication of the company that would become DC Comics.
 Castle Dangerous (1831) was the last of Walter Scott's novels published in his lifetime. It is part of Tales of My Landlord 4th series.
 Baby Is Three is a science fiction novella by Theodore Sturgeon first published in the October 1952 issue of Galaxy magazine. It was later crafted into a full novel More Than Human. The original novella was voted the fifth-best science fiction novella of the pre-1965 era by the Science Fiction Writers of America and so was included in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume Two.
 Amadis de Gaula (original Old Spanish and Galician-Portuguese spelling) (Spanish: Amadís de Gaula IPA: [amaˈðiz ðe ˈɣaula]; Portuguese: Amadis de Gaula IPA: [ɐmɐˈdiʒ dɨ ˈɡawlɐ]; Amadis of Gaul) is a landmark work among the knight-errantry tales which were in vogue in 16th century Iberian Peninsula and formed the earliest reading of many Renaissance and Baroque writers although it was written at the onset of the 14th century.The first known printed edition was published in Zaragoza in 1508 by Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo (or Garci Ordóñez de Montalvo). 
 The Man Behind the Plough is a wide-ranging in-depth and moving study of the endemic problems and tragic suffering of the peasants of the undivided Bengal. In order to go into the roots of these problems the author Sir M.Azizul Haque examines the land system introduced by the Permanent Settlement (1793) contrasts it with what prevailed during the Mughal era and throws light on how the zamindars’ lobby distorted the original intention of the regulations of 1793 with disastrous consequences.
 The Windward Road: Adventures of a Naturalist on Remote Caribbean Shores was written by Archie Carr and originally published in 1956. It is an account of Dr. Carr's travels around the Caribbean to study sea turtles and their migratory and behavior patterns especially Kemp's ridley a species about which little was known at the time.
 El Mundo is a Venezuelan evening newspaper. It was launched on 3 February 1958 in Caracas shortly after the end of the dictatorship of Marcos Pérez Jiménez on 23 January 1958. It was founded by Miguel Ángel Capriles Ayala who had launched Últimas Noticias in 1941. Its first director was journalist and future President Ramón José Velásquez.For most of its existence El Mundo was the only Venezuelan evening newspaper; a rival April was launched by Bloque DeArmas in 1997 but closed in 2003.
 Cat and Mouse is the fourth novel in the Alex Cross series by James Patterson. It revolves around Cross dealing with Gary Soneji the villain of Along Came a Spider and a serial killer known only as Mr. Smith.
 Demon City Shinjuku (魔界都市 (新宿) Makai Toshi: Shinjuku) is a novel by Hideyuki Kikuchi that was adapted into an original video animation (OVA) in 1988 directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri. The title has also been translated as Hell City Shinjuku and Monster City. It was also released as two manga by ADV Manga in 2003 and 2004. The novel was also released in English in 2011 compiled with its sequel Demon Palace Babylon.The film was released in North America by Central Park Media in 1994.
 This article is about the 1886 novel. For the 1988 film see Katinka (film).Ved Vejen (meaning By the Wayside or At the Roadside) is a short novel written by the Danish author Herman Bang in 1886. It was originally published in Copenhagen by Det Schubotheske Forlag as part of a collection of four stories entitled Stille Eksistenser (Quiet Existences) centering around women who are subdued or living in isolation. It was first published independently in 1898.
 Breakout Nations: In Pursuit of the next Economic Miracles is a 2012 book written by Ruchir Sharma. The book discusses his views on Emerging Markets and his travel through these countries. Sales of the book has broken records and it has become an international best seller. Breakout Nations has received extensive global media coverage including The Economist and The Wall Street Journal.
 Journal of Career Assessment is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is W. Bruce Walsh (Ohio State University). It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Hired Man is a novel by Melvyn Bragg first published in 1969. It is the first part of Bragg's Cumbrian Trilogy.The story is set predominantly in the rural area around Thurston (Bragg's name for Wigton) from the 1890s to the 1920s and follows the life of John Tallentire a farm labourer and coal miner. John is the father of Joseph Tallentire the central character of Bragg's A Place in England whose son Douglas Tallentire is the central character of Kingdom Come.
 Bayou is a major American literary magazine based at the University of New Orleans. It publishes poetry fiction essays and the winner of the annual Tennessee Williams One-Act Play Contest. Bayou published through the dislocations surrounding the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.Work that has appeared in Bayou has been short-listed for the Pushcart Prize.
 Philosophy & Public Affairs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons. It publishes philosophical articles on legal social and political issues. The journal was established in 1972 and the editor-in-chief is Alan Patten (Princeton University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.958.
 Mother London (1988) is a novel by Michael Moorcock. It was shortlisted for the Whitbread Prize. Although the city of London itself is perhaps the central character it follows three outpatients from a mental hospital – a music hall artist (Josef Kiss) a reclusive writer (David Mummery) and a woman just awoken from a long coma (Mary Gasalee) – who experience the history of the city from the Blitz to the late eighties through chaotic experience and sensory delusions.
 Kir Ianulea or Kyr Ianulea (Romanian pronunciation: [kir jaˈnule̯a]) is a fantasy and historical fiction novella or short story published by Romanian author Ion Luca Caragiale in 1909. Borrowing the elements of a fairy tale satire and frame story it has become recognized as one of Caragiale's leading contributions to short prose and is often described as one of the seminal works written by him during the last decade of his life.
 The Father Hunt is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1968. This is the first Nero Wolfe novel in nearly two years the front flap of the dust jacket reads an unusual interval for the productive Rex Stout who celebrated his eightieth birthday in December 1966.
 Sword Stained with Royal Blood is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It was first serialised in the Hong Kong Commercial Daily between 1 January 1956 and 31 December 1956. The book has three editions. Some characters from the novel play minor roles in The Deer and the Cauldron another novel also by Jin Yong and the plots of both novels exhibit certain connections.
 Global Finance is an English-language monthly financial magazine. Joseph D. Giarraputo the founder and former publisher of Venture the magazine for entrepreneurs in 1987 joined forces with Carl G. Burgen Stephan Spahn H. Allen Fernald and Paolo Panerai to start a magazine on financial globalization. The magazine’s primary target audience consists of Chairmen Presidents CEOs CFOs Treasurers and other financial officers.
 The Journal of Neuroimmune Pharmacology (JNIP) is the official journal of the Society on NeuroImmune Pharmacology [2]. Established as a peer-reviewed scientific journal it has published original research and review articles since 2006 in the disciplines of immunology pharmacology and experimental neuroscience as they relate to each other.
 Do Not Open: An encyclopedia of the world's best-kept secrets is a book published on October 25 2007 by Dorling Kindersley and written by John Farndon.
 The Painted Verse is a book of poetry and painting. The book comprises 50 compositions. Each composition is a poetry accompanied by a painting that complements it. The book has been published by Bibliophile South Asia.The book was launched at the India Habitat Centre New Delhi on May 18 2013.
 Zeitschrift für Naturforschung A: A Journal of Physical Sciences (often abbreviated Z. Naturforsch. A) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. The journal covers all areas of physical sciences including mathematical physics physical chemistry cosmophysics and geophysics in both English and German.
 Father of Lies is a 1998 novel by Brian Evenson. This psychological thriller describes moral corruption in a conservative religious sect which shares some of the characteristics of the LDS Church.Father of Lies is written from three perspectives: from Provost Fochs from his analyst Dr Alexander Feshtig and from the text of letters exchanged between Feshtig and his superiors in the church hierarchy.
 One Million A.D. (ISBN 0-7394-6273-3) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2005.
 The publication Print A Quarterly Journal of the Graphic Arts was a limited edition quarterly periodical begun in 1940 and continued under different names up to the present day as Print a bimonthly American magazine about visual culture and design.In its current format Print documents and critiques commercial social and environmental design from every angle: the good (how New York’s public-school libraries are being reinvented through bold graphics) the bad (how Tylenol flubbed its disastrous ad campaign for suspicious hipsters) and the ugly (how Russia relies on Soviet symbolism to promote sausage and real estate).Print is a general-interest magazine written by cultural reporters and critics who look at design in its social political and historical contexts. 
 The Berkut is a 1987 secret history novel by Joseph Heywood in which Adolf Hitler survives World War II. It is set in the period immediately after the fall of the Third Reich. This book pits a German colonel and a Russian soldier from a secret organization against each other. The German Günter Brumm wants to save the Führer while Petrov the Russian wants him to be captured.
 The Far Pavilions is an epic novel of British-Indian history by M. M. Kaye first published in 1978 which tells the story of an English officer during the British Raj. The novel rooted deeply in the romantic epics of the 19th century has been hailed as a masterpiece of storytelling. It is based partly on biographical writings of the author's grandfather as well as her knowledge of and childhood experiences in India.
 The Al Ghad (Arabic: الغد‎ meaning The Tomorrow) is an independent Arabic daily national newspaper published in Jordan and headquartered in Amman.
 Tupac: A Thug Life is an anthology and collection of writings on the rapper Tupac Shakur released in 2005 by Plexus Publishing in the UK. The book was edited by Sam Brown with a foreword by music journalist Kris Ex. The title was taken from a quote by Shakur who once said I didn't choose the thug life; the thug life chose me.
 An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States is a 1913 book by American historian Charles A. Beard. It argues that the structure of the Constitution of the United States was motivated primarily by the personal financial interests of the Founding Fathers.
 Rya Teze ('New Path') formerly written as Rja Ţəzə and Р’йа т'әзә (in Cyrillic script) was a Kurdish language newspaper published from Yerevan Armenia. The newspaper was founded in March 1930. It was the organ of the Kurdish section of the Communist Party of Armenia. At the time it was a four-page newspaper published every two weeks and with a circulation of six hundred copies. The editor at the time was Cerdoyê Genco.
 Ergodic Theory and Dynamical Systems is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Cambridge University Press.Established in 1981 the journal publishes articles on dynamical systems.The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 impact factor was 0.822.
 Aunt Louisa's Oft Told Tales is a book by Laura Valentine released in the 1870s and containing an abridged version of Robinson Crusoe as well as Children in the Wood Hare and Tortoise and some other stories.
 Denpa Kyōshi (電波教師 lit. Electromagnetic-wave Teacher) is a 2011 Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takeshi Azuma. The series began serialization in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday magazine with the 2011 49th issue published on October 2 2011. As of February 18 2014 there have been ten compiled volumes published. Two short anime clips produced by A-1 Pictures and serving as promotion for the manga have been released.
 The Ionia Sentinel-Standard is a Tuesday through Saturday newspaper published in Ionia in the US state of Michigan. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The newspaper covers Ionia County including the cities of Ionia Belding and Portland and the villages of Lake Odessa Hubbardston Palo Pewamo Orleans Clarksville and Saranac.The Ionia Daily Sentinel-Standard was created in 1919 through the merger of the Ionia Daily Sentinel and The Ionia Daily Standard.
 Yami to Bōshi to Hon no Tabibito (ヤミと帽子と本の旅人 possibly translated as Darkness the Hat and the Travelers of the Books) also known as Yamibō/Yamibou for short is a Japanese adult visual novel published in December 2002 by Root. A 13-episode anime series produced Studio Deen aired between October and December 2003. Although the characters and their relationships remain basically the same in the game and anime the storyline is quite different.
 Ross is a 1960 play by British playwright Terence Rattigan.It is a biographical play of T. E. Lawrence.
 InTown Westchester is a regional lifestyle magazine that covers Westchester County New York and is published by Gannett and The Journal News. InTown was originally launched as a series of hyper-local editions targeting different regions of the county: White Plains Scarsdale Northern Westchester (Chappaqua Mt.
 The Cat Who Wished to Be a Man (1973) is a children's comic fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander.
 Beyond the Deepwoods is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 1998. It is the first volume of The Edge Chronicles and of the Twig Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the fourth novel following the Quint Saga trilogy that was published later.
 The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern is the second novel in Lilian Jackson Braun's The Cat Who... series published in 1967. This book introduces Yum Yum who will become a permanent character in the series.
 Superman for All Seasons was a 4-issue comic book limited series written by Jeph Loeb with art by Tim Sale and was originally published by DC Comics in 1998. This was made hot off the heels from their previous success Batman: The Long Halloween and as that Batman-story dealt with holidays as the theme this story's theme dealt with seasons. The artwork contains many influences from that of Norman Rockwell.
 Eat-Man (Japanese: イートマン Hepburn: Īto Man) is a Japanese manga series created by Akihito Yoshitomi in 1996 which was serialized by MediaWorks monthly in 19 volumes until 2002 manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao!. In 1997 Studio Deen adapted the manga into a 12 episode anime television series which was broadcast in Japan from January 1 to March 27 1997 on TV Tokyo. A sequel Eat-Man '98 was also animated by Studio Deen and ran from October 8 to December 23 1998.
 Blue Submarine No. 6 (青の6号 Ao no Roku-gō literally Blue No.6) officially translated in Japan as Blue Sub 006 is a post-apocalyptic 3-volume manga series written and illustrated by Satoru Ozawa. The manga was published in 1967 by Akita Shoten and was serialized in Weekly Shonen Sunday magazine. When the OVA adaptation was announced by Gonzo the manga was revised into 5 volumes under the new name Ao no Roku-gō AO6 (青の6号 AO6).
 The Siege of Trencher's Farm (1969) is a novel by British author Gordon Williams and first published by Secker & Warburg. The novel was adapted into the film Straw Dogs (starring Dustin Hoffman) by Sam Peckinpah in 1971 and again in 2011 under the same name. It was republished by Titan Books in 2011 with the same title as the films Straw Dogs.
 Aki Yerushalayim (Judaeo-Spanish pronunciation: [aˈki jeɾuʃaˈlajim]; meaning Here Jerusalem) is an Israeli magazine in Judaeo-Spanish (Ladino) published 2-3 times a year.It is currently the main newspaper published in this language together with the newspaper Şalom published in Turkey. The aim of Aki Yerushalayim is to ensure the preservation and diffusion of Ladino and the Sephardic culture.
 Transcendent is the third novel in the Destiny's Children series by Stephen Baxter and a 2006 Campbell Award nominee.
 The Snow Tiger is a novel written by English author Desmond Bagley and was first published in 1975.The sub-title of the book quotes the ski pioneer Mathias Zdarsky: Snow is not a wolf in sheep's clothing – it is a tiger in lamb's clothing.
 The Inspector's Teeth is a science fiction short story written by L. Sprague de Camp a story in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It is the first (chronologically) set on Earth and a linchpin tale in the sequence showing how the interstellar political system forming the background of the rest of the series was established. It was first published in the magazine Astounding in the issue for April 1950.
 Paris Passion also known as Passion was an English-language city magazine in France that existed from 1981 to 1991. Its main editorial focus was on life in Paris for both residents and visitors. Launched on a shoestring budget as a 24-page black-and-white tabloid Passion eventually evolved into a glossy 140-page magazine.Passion was conceived as a forum for the written word and to showcase the visual side of Paris.
 Years in the Making: the Time-Travel Stories of L. Sprague de Camp is a 2005 collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp edited by Mark L. Olson and illustrated by Bob Eggleton published in hardcover by NESFA Press.The book contains what the editor regards as de Camp's best science fiction stories and essays concerning time travel. It is the first in a projected series of the author's works.
 Spark* is the student newspaper of the University of Reading. It is produced fortnightly during term time and as of June 2011 the newspaper has reached Volume 57 Issue 3 following a convention of increasing volume number with each new academic term. It is available as a paper edition distributed across University halls of residence academic and administrative buildings.
 The Race of the Tiger is an historical novel by the Welsh writer Alexander Cordell (1914–1997) set in mid-19th century Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It is a family saga of the O'Haras of County Connemara Ireland who flee the English yoke to make their fortune in the New World where iron barons such as Andrew Carnegie and Henry Clay Frick thrive in an era of unprecedented industrial growth.
 The International Journal of Bilingualism is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of linguistics. The journal's editor is Li Wei (Birkbeck University of London). It has been in publication since 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 King of Shadows is a children's historical novel by Susan Cooper published in 1999 by Penguin. In the U.K. it was a finalist for both the Carnegie Medal and the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize.Not in the world of the stage can Nat Field (Nathan) find an escape from the tragedies that have shadowed his young life. So he is thrilled when he is chosen to join an American drama troupe traveling to London to perform A Midsummer Night's Dream in a new replica of the famous Globe Theatre.
 O Dinheiro is a theatrical comedy in two acts written by Miguel M. Abrahão in 1976 and published first in 1983 in Brazil.
 The Gift of Rain is the first novel by Tan Twan Eng published in 2007 by Myrmidon Books in the UK and the following year by Weinstein Books in the U.S. It was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize that year.
 Tailchaser's Song is a fantasy novel by Tad Williams about a personified cat named Fritti Tailchaser.
 Odds On is Michael Crichton's first published novel. It was released in 1966 under the pseudonym of John Lange. It is a short 215-page paperback novel. Hard Case Crime republished the novel under Crichton's name on November 19 2013.
 Act of Providence is a supernatural detective novella by Joseph Payne Brennan and Donald M. Grant. It was first published in 1979 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1450 copies of which 350 were signed by the authors and the artist.
 Shopped: The Shocking Power Of British Supermarkets is a book by British author and award-winning investigative journalist Joanna Blythman first published by Fourth Estate in 2004.
 The Milltillionaire or Age of Bardization is a work of utopian fiction written by Albert Waldo Howard and published under the pseudonym M. Auberré Hovorré. The book was one element in the major wave of utopian and dystopian literature that characterized the final decades of the nineteenth century.
 Dress Her in Indigo (1969) is the eleventh novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.
 Hannibal is a novel written by Thomas Harris published in 1999. It is the third in his series featuring Dr. Hannibal Lecter and the second to feature FBI Special Agent Clarice Starling. The novel takes place seven years after the events of The Silence of the Lambs and deals with the intended revenge of one of Lecter's victims. It was adapted as a film of the same name in 2001 directed by Ridley Scott.
 1967: The Last Good Year is the original title of a book written by Canadian author Pierre Berton. When it appeared in paperback the title was changed to 1967: Canada's Turning Point.
 Future Lovers (未来の記憶 Mirai no Kioku) is a yaoi manga series by Saika Kunieda. The first volume was published in Japan under the Japanese title 未来の記憶 (Mirai no Kioku) in 2002 by Biblos. The second volume was published in Japan under the Japanese title 風の行方 (Kaze no Yukue)in 2004 by Biblos. Libre Shuppan reprinted both volumes into one complete collected volume titled 未来の記憶/風の行方 (Mirai no Kioku/Kaze no Yukue) in 2008.
 Bioscience Biotechnology and Biochemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Japan Society for Bioscience Biotechnology and Agrochemistry of which it is the official journal. It was established in 1924 as Bulletin of the Agricultural Chemical Society of Japan which was renamed to Agriculture and Biological Chemistry in 1961. The journal took its current name in 1991.
 Conan the Wanderer is a 1968 collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. Most of the stories were originally published in various fantasy magazines. The book has been reprinted a number of times since by various publishers and has also been translated into German Japanese Spanish Dutch Swedish and Italian.
 New Era is an official magazine of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). First published in January 1971 along with the Ensign and the Friend the New Era's intended audience has always been the church's youth.
 Virus Bulletin is a magazine about the prevention detection and removal of malware and spam. It regularly features analyses of the latest virus threats articles exploring new developments in the fight against viruses interviews with anti-virus experts and evaluations of current anti-malware products.Technical experts from anti-virus vendors have written articles for the magazine which also conducts comparison tests of the detection rates of anti-virus software.
 The Relaxation Response is a book written in 1975 by Herbert Benson a Harvard physician and Miriam Z. Klipper. The response is a simple version of Transcendental Meditation (TM) presented for people in the Western world. In a 1986 survey the best-seller was the number one self-help book that clinical psychologists recommended to their patients.
 The Tribune's Curse is a novel by John Maddox Roberts. It is the seventh volume of Roberts's SPQR series featuring Senator Decius Metellus.
 Very Bad Deaths (Baen Books 2004 ISBN 0-7434-8861-X) is a science-fiction/suspense-mystery novel from Canadian science fiction author Spider Robinson. The book was followed in 2008 by a sequel Very Hard Choices. It explores the personal implications of uncontrolled telepathy social responsibility and the idea of evolutionary biological evil while as usual expounds on Spider's own political and social views.
 Science Fiction Inventions is a reprint anthology of science fiction stories edited by Damon Knight and published by Lancer Books as an original paperback in 1967.
 Pym is the third novel by American author Mat Johnson published on March 1 2011. A satirical fantasy inspired by The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket Edgar Allan Poe's only novel the book explores racial politics and identity in America and Antarctica. The novel was written over a period of nine years and has been well received by critics who have praised its lighthearted and humorous style of social criticism.
 The Khazar English-Azerbaijani Comprehensive Dictionary (KEACD) published by the Khazar University Press is a bilingual dictionary of the English language and the Azerbaijani language.The first edition of the dictionary is in the process of being published in six volumes. The first three bound volumes of the KEACD were published in 2004-2008 including “A” through “N.” As of November 2010 the remaining volumes are in the process of editing and proofreading.
 Seishun Shiterukai! (青春してるかい!) is a manga series by Ryō Azuki about a sixteen-year-old girl who graduated in Australia and returns to Japan to teach English in Shishimaru High School. As the homeroom teacher of class 1-B she get into some various types of troubles.
 Analysis of Chinese Macroeconomy (中国宏观经济分析) is a book written by Fengbo Zhang a Chinese economist.
 Anarchy Alive!: Anti-Authoritarian Politics from Practice to Theory is a book by Uri Gordon that investigates anarchist theory and practice. An expanded reworking of the author's PhD thesis at the University of Oxford the book was released by Pluto Press a London-based radical publisher in November 2007. It is presented as an anarchist book about anarchism and assumes some background knowledge and sympathy for anarchism on the part of the reader.
 The Missing Picture published by Nieko Rimto in 2007 by Thule Ediciones in 2010 by Comma 22 Editore in 2010 and by IDMI-Verlag in 2010 is the fourth book written and illustrated by Kestutis Kasparavicius. In this mysterious and intriguing tale a group of animals introduces children to the world of art through the analysis of a painting. The animals have gathered to celebrate the arrival of a work of art but while they are gone the painting is stolen.
 The Hospitality Review is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the hospitality and tourism fields. It is published by the Florida International University School of Hospitality & Tourism Management. The editor-in-chief is Randall S. Upchurch.
 Player's Guide to Eberron (ISBN 0-7869-3912-5) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 A Midsummer Tempest is an 1974 alternate history fantasy novel by Poul Anderson. In 1975 it was nominated for the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel and the Nebula Award for Best Novel and won the Mythopoeic Award.
 Enterprise Magazine is a high circulating business magazine in the United Kingdom. The magazine began publication in 2002 in the United Kingdom as an annual. Founded by brothers Ed & Fed Pereira it was predominantly a business start-up based publication distributed through business support outlets. Circulation expanded to the entire business community as a quarterly by the spring of 2006.Enterprise magazine is targeted at entrepreneurs business leaders business start-ups and SMEs.
 The New 52: Futures End is an upcoming eleven-month weekly limited series published by DC Comics scheduled to begin in May 2014 and run through March 2015. The series is set five years in The New 52's future and will be written by Brian Azzarello Keith Giffen Dan Jurgens and Jeff Lemire. Covers for the series are drawn by Ryan Sook.
 A Song of Stone is a novel by Scottish writer Iain Banks published in 1997.
 The Eugenics Wars: The Rise and Fall of Khan Noonien Singh is a two volume set of novels written by Greg Cox about the life of the fictional Star Trek character Khan Noonien Singh. He is often referred to as simply Khan in the Star Trek episode Space Seed and in the Star Trek movie Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan.The volumes take place from March 1974 to February 1996.
 The Focus of Life The Mutterings of AOS is a comprehensive treatise written and illustrated by Austin Osman Spare on key occult concepts he introduced in his previous writings.The book first published in 1921 by the Morland Press and edited by Fredrick Carter with an introduction by Francis Marsden. The book contains 11 full page illustrations.The first edition was quarter vellum with buckram sides lettered in gold on the spine The Focus of Life.
 Archiv für Molluskenkunde is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Senckenberg Gesellschaft für Naturforschung covering research in malacology.
 X-Men: Kingbreaker is a four-issue comic book mini-series starring the Starjammers and published by Marvel Comics. Taking place in Marvel's main shared universe the Marvel Universe the series was written by Christopher Yost with pencils by Dustin Weaver. It was announced at the Fan Expo 2008. It began in December 2008 and ended in March 2009.
 The Amelia Peabody series is a series of nineteen historical mystery novels and one non fiction companion volume written by Elizabeth Peters featuring Egyptologist Amelia Peabody Emerson for whom the series is named. The novels blend satire (mostly of the adventure novel such as written by H. Rider Haggard) mystery romance and comedy. The series spans a thirty-eight-year period from 1884 to 1923.
 The Merciad is the student newspaper at Mercyhurst College in Erie Pennsylvania. The paper was founded in 1929. Since 2007 the newspaper’s slogan is “If you don’t want it printed…don’t let it happen a slogan that it turns out it is the same as that of the Aspen (Col.) Daily News however the slogan was removed by Editor-in-Chief Mathew Anderson and his staff in 2013 after being deemed unprofessional.
 Gene Wolfe's Book of Days is a short story collection by American science fiction author Gene Wolfe published in 1981 by Doubleday. The stories within the collection are each paired with a holiday within the calendar year that is thematically linked to the content of the story. Thus a story about the resurgence of slavery (How the Whip Came Back) is dedicated to Lincoln's Birthday.The material here was combined with The Castle of the Otter to make the volume Castle of Days.
 Blasted is the first play by British author Sarah Kane. It was first performed in 1995 at the Royal Court Theatre Upstairs in London. This performance was highly controversial and the play was fiercely attacked by most newspaper critics many of whom regarded it as a rather immature attempt to shock the audience.
 Skull-Face and Others is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Robert E. Howard. It was the author's third book and was published by Arkham House in 1946 in an edition of 3004 copies.Most of the stories had originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 The Great Betrayal: The Memoirs of Ian Douglas Smith is a 1997 autobiography written by Ian Smith focussing on his time as Prime Minister of the British self-governing colony of Southern Rhodesia later Rhodesia (April 13 1964 - June 1 1979).The memoirs cover the time period during which Smith's government attempted to preserve white minority rule in Rhodesia through political and military means including a Unilateral Declaration of Independence from the United Kingdom and the termination of Smith's government with the resumption of British rule and the independence of Zimbabwe in 1980. 
 True Confessions of a Heartless Girl received the Governor General's Literary Award in 2002 and is Martha Brooks' seventh novel for young adults. Martha Brooks is a Canadian award-winning novelist playwright jazz singer and author of short fiction. Some of her other novels include: Andrew's Tree Being with Henry Bone Dance I Met a Bully on the Hill Mistik Lake Traveling On into the Light Two Moons in August Paradise Café and Other Stories and Queen of Hearts.
 For the film adaptation of this play see Plaza Suite (film).Plaza Suite is a comedy play by Neil Simon.
 Mathematics Magazine is a refereed bimonthly publication of the Mathematical Association of America. Its intended audience is teachers of collegiate mathematics especially at the junior/senior level and their students. It is explicitly a journal of mathematics rather than pedagogy.
 Dancing in the Streets: A History of Collective Joy is a book authored by Barbara Ehrenreich.The author coins the term collective joy to describe group events which involve music synchronized movement costumes and a feeling of loss of self. There is no precise word in English to describe the phenomenon.The book describes cycles of creation and suppression of collective joy events. The events generally arise spontaneously and are regarded as dangerous (see Collective hysteria Riot).
 Unto These Hills is an outdoor historical drama staged Monday through Saturday evenings during summers at the 2800-seat Mountainside Theatre in Cherokee in western North Carolina. It is the third oldest outdoor historical drama in the United States after The Lost Colony in Manteo in eastern North Carolina as well as Ramona in California. The first version of the play was written by Kermit Hunter and opened on July 1 1950 to wide acclaim.
 Sacred Hunger is a historical novel by Barry Unsworth first published in 1992. It shared the Booker Prize that year with Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient.The story is set in the mid 18th century and centres around the Liverpool Merchant a slave ship employed in the triangular trade a central trade route in the Atlantic slave trade.
 Gismonda is a Greek melodrama in four acts by Victorien Sardou that premiered in 1894 at the Théâtre de la Renaissance. Later it would be adapted into the opera Gismonda by Henry Février.
 Four Blind Mice is the eighth novel featuring the Washington D.C. homicide detective and forensic psychologist Alex Cross written by James Patterson.
 The Chaser was a newspaper published in Australia by political satire group The Chaser from 1999 to 2005.The newspaper first published on 9 May 1999 was The Chaser team's most famous (or infamous) enterprise. Among other things they have published Australian Prime Minister John Howard's private unlisted home phone number on their front page which caused wide controversy.
 Glass Sky (小さなガラスの空 Chiisana Garasu no Sora) is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its June imprint on December 12 2007.
 The Black Cauldron (1965) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander the second of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain. For 1966 it was a Newbery Honor book runner-up for the year's most distinguished contribution to American literature for children.The story continues the adventures of Taran the Assistant Pig-Keeper as he joins in a quest to capture the eponymous Magical Cauldron from Arawn Death-Lord.
 Madea's Neighbors From Hell is a 2013 American musical play created written produced and directed by Tyler Perry. It stars Tyler Perry as Madea and Cassi Davis as Aunt Bam.
 Not to be confused with Mythology (book)Mythologies is a book by Roland Barthes published in 1957. It is a collection of essays taken from Les Lettres nouvelles examining the tendency of contemporary social value systems to create modern myths. Barthes also looks at the semiology of the process of myth creation updating Ferdinand de Saussure's system of sign analysis by adding a second level where signs are elevated to the level of myth.
 The Owl Journal is a magazine published produced and written by students from the University of Oxford. It aims to provide a platform for intellectual journalism covering a wide range of academic disciplines.The Owl is published roughly once per term and has a circulation of over 4000. Members of the University of Oxford can subscribe free of charge online.
 Snow Blind is the fourth book by author P. J. Tracy. It has the same principal characters as their previous novels.
 The Abbey (Romanian: Abația) is a science-fiction novel by the Romanian author Dan Doboș. It was first published in 2002 by Editura Nemira.
 Media Indonesia (The Indonesian Media) is an Indonesian daily newspaper published in Jakarta. Reports say Media Indonesia is the second largest newspaper in Indonesia after the Kompas daily and the third is Jawa Pos.[citation needed]
 Trapped is a 2012 urban fantasy novel by Kevin Hearne and is the fifth book in his Iron Druid Chronicles series.
 Role of Honour first published in 1984 was the fourth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond. Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Jonathan Cape and in the United States by Putnam.
 The Tyranny of Experts is a 2014 book (release scheduled March 4 2014 but it became available for order on Amazon in February 2014) by development economist William Easterly arguing that there are no silver bullets for promoting economic development and that the best hope is to support economic political and personal freedom worldwide. The book is similar to Easterly's earlier books on economic development The Elusive Quest for Growth and The White Man's Burden.
 To Mars and Providence is a short story by Don Webb published in War of the Worlds: Global Dispatches. It is a conflation of The War of the Worlds the Cthulhu Mythos and the biography of H. P. Lovecraft.
 The Literary Digest was an influential general interest weekly magazine published by Funk & Wagnalls. Founded by Isaac Kaufmann Funk in 1890 it eventually merged with two similar weekly magazines Public Opinion and Current Opinion.
 Home at Seven is a 1950 British mystery play by R.C. Sheriff. David Preston returns home from work to his wife Janet to find that 24 hours have elapsed without him even realising it and it is now a day later than he thought. As hard as he tries - he cannot recall the previous day.In 1952 the play was adapted as a film Home at Seven directed by and starring Ralph Richardson.
 MOUTH (ISBN 978-0-9751075-9-1) is Antonella Gambotto-Burke's third interview anthology and fifth book. The foreword was written by Jordan Belfort author of The Wolf of Wall Street.
 The Adventures of Mao on the Long March is Frederic Tuten's first published novel. The novel is a fictionalized account of Chairman Mao's rise to power and is highly experimental in nature including extensive use of parody and collage.
 The Jungle is a 1906 book written by the American journalist and novelist Upton Sinclair (1878–1968). Sinclair wrote the novel to portray the lives of immigrants in the United States in Chicago and similar industrialized cities.
 Gynecological Endocrinology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering experimental clinical and therapeutic aspects of the discipline. The journal includes papers related to the control and function of the different endocrine glands in women the effects of reproductive events on the endocrine system and the consequences of endocrine disorders on reproduction.
 The Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal that has been published continually since 1934 by the Mount Sinai Hospital New York later by the Mount Sinai School of Medicine.The journal is issued six times a year and contains clinical articles from all medical disciplines.
 Dagon is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft written in July 1917 one of the first stories he wrote as an adult. It was first published in the November 1919 edition of The Vagrant (issue #11).
 Ladybug Girl is a children's picture book by David Soman and Jacky Davis.
 Children & Youth Funding Report is a news service (or newsletter) produced in Silver Spring MD by CD Publications. It reports on public and private sources of funding for programs focused on high-risk low income and underserved youth and children.
 Daily News Record (or DNR) was an American fashion trade journal published by Fairchild Publications Inc.. DNR started in 1890 when Edmund Fairchild used the wealth he had accumulated selling soap to purchase the Chicago Herald Gazette a newspaper which focused on the men’s clothing business.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 John Paul George and Ben is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Lane Smith. Released in 2006 through Hyperion Books it is a picture book that tells the story of five of the Founding Fathers of American independence: John Hancock Paul Revere George Washington Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson. The book describes each of them to be independent bold honest clever or noisy.
 The Father Christmas Letters also known as Letters from Father Christmas are a collection of letters written and illustrated by J. R. R. Tolkien between 1920 and 1942 for his children from Father Christmas. They were released posthumously by the Tolkien estate on 2 September 1976 the 3rd anniversary of Tolkien’s death. They were edited by Baillie Tolkien second wife of his youngest son Christopher.
 The Revista Boliviana de Quimica (ISSN 0250-5460 CODEN RBQUDX) is a Bolivian scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1977 and is published by the Facultad de Ciencias Puras y Naturales Publicación de la Carrera de Química Carrera de Química at the Campus Universitario Cota Cota in La Paz. The journal was not published in 1980-1982.The contents of the journal can be accessed via the Biblioteca Virtual Universitaria hosted at the Universidad Mayor de San Andrés (UMSA).
 What Happened: Inside the Bush White House and Washington's Culture of Deception is the #1 New York Times bestseller of Scott McClellan who served as White House Press Secretary from 2003 until 2006 under President George W. Bush. The book was scheduled to be released on June 2 2008; however excerpts were released to the press a week before publication.
 Beyond Belief: Islamic Excursions among the Converted Peoples is a non-fiction book by V. S. Naipaul published by Vintage Books in 1998. It was written as a sequel to Naipaul's Among the Believers: An Islamic Journey (1979).Naipaul draws a distinction between Arab countries and the countries of converted peoples where the adoption of Islam involves to some extent the adoption of Arabic culture.
 The Superior Foes of Spider-Man is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in July 2013. The series is written by Nick Spencer with artwork by Steve Lieber. It debuted as part of Superior Spider-Month which saw a major status quo change in Spider-Man storylines in the aftermath of Superior Spider-Man #13.
 Force Works was a Marvel Comics superhero team. It first appeared in the comic book series Force Works #1 (July 1994). The title was written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning and initially drawn by Tom Tenney.The group was formed from the remains of the West Coast Avengers after leader Iron Man left the Avengers due to an internal dispute. Force Works maintained a different outlook than the Avengers trying to preempt natural and manmade disasters.
 The Race Beat: The Press the Civil Rights Struggle and the Awakening of a Nation is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book written in 2006 by journalists Gene Roberts and Hank Klibanoff. The book is about the African-American Civil Rights Movement in the United States specifically about the role of newspapers and television. Race Beat refers to reporters whose beat reporting covered issues of race.In 2007 The Race Beat received the Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Fused Magazine is an art design music and fashion magazine based in Birmingham England and distributed throughout the United Kingdom.It is published bi-monthly and distributed through both free and paid-for channels.
 The Wish List is a fantasy novel by Eoin Colfer the author of the Artemis Fowl series. It chronicles the adventures of Meg Finn a teenage girl killed in a gas explosion who must earn her place in Heaven by returning to Earth to help the pensioner she attempted to rob.
 'Breed is the title of three limited series of comic books The first two are six issues in length the third contained seven written and drawn by Jim Starlin and published by Malibu Comics under its Bravura imprint the third by Image Comics.
 Harvey's Dream is a short story written by Stephen King originally published in The New Yorker in June 2003 and later included in King's short story collection Just After Sunset in 2008.
 Lion of Senet is a fantasy novel written by Australian author Jennifer Fallon. It is the first in a trilogy titled the Second Sons.
 A Traveler from Altruria is a Utopian novel by William Dean Howells. It was first published in installments in The Cosmopolitan between November 1892 and October 1893 and eventually in book form by Harper & Brothers in 1894. The novel is a critique of unfettered capitalism and its consequences and of the Gilded Age.
 Super-Team Family is an comic book anthology series published by DC Comics from 1975 to 1978 that lasted for fifteen issues. The series published a mix of original and reprinted stories.
 Berlin Game is a 1983 spy novel by Len Deighton. It is the first novel in the first of three trilogies about Bernard Samson a middle-aged and somewhat jaded intelligence officer working for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6). Berlin Game is part of the Game Set and Match trilogy being succeeded by Mexico Set and London Match and followed by the Hook Line and Sinker trilogy and the final Faith Hope and Charity trilogy.
 The News of Cumberland County previously the Bridgeton Evening News was a daily newspaper in Cumberland County New Jersey United States. It was published from 1879 until 2012 when it merged with two other papers from the South Jersey area Today's Sunbeam and the Gloucester County Times to form the South Jersey Times.
 Girl Friends (ガールフレンズ Gāru Furenzu) is a yuri manga series by Milk Morinaga. It was serialized by Futabasha in the seinen manga magazine Comic High! between October 2006 and August 2010 and subsequently published as five bound volumes. The manga has been licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment and was released digitally in English on JManga.
 Comprehensive Physiology is a peer-reviewed online-only scientific journal published jointly by the American Physiological Society (APS) and Wiley.The journal consists of invited review articles published in quarterly issues and includes over 30000 pages of the APS's Handbook of Physiology series of books scanned and presented online for the first time.The journal is indexed in Pub Med and Web of Knowledge.
 Limit of Vision is a 2001 science fiction book by author Linda Nagata. As is the case with many of her novels there is a strong focus on nanotechnology and genetic engineering.
 Amnesia Moon is a 1995 novel by Jonathan Lethem. Lethem adapted the novel from several unpublished short stories he had written all about catastrophic apocalyptic events. In finished form Amnesia Moon bears homage to Philip K. Dick. In fact during a party scene one guest describes a battle of wills in West Marin clearly a reference to Dick's Dr. Bloodmoney or How We Got Along After the Bomb.
 Proceedings of the Royal Society of Queensland is a multidisciplinary scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Queensland. It was established in 1885.
 Seduction of the Innocent is a book by German-American psychiatrist Fredric Wertham published in 1954 that warned that comic books were a negative form of popular literature and a serious cause of juvenile delinquency. The book was taken seriously at the time and was a minor bestseller that created alarm in parents and galvanized them to campaign for censorship. At the same time a U.S. Congressional inquiry was launched into the comic book industry.
 Isle of View is the thirteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Halloween ABC is a book of poetry for children written by Eve Merriam and illustrated by Lane Smith.
 Mineshaft is an independent international art magazine launched in 1999 by Everett Rand and Gioia Palmieri in Guilford Vermont. Initially focusing on poetry and literature the magazine began to publish comics after Robert Crumb became a contributor in 2000. The newsblog at The Guardian refers to Mineshaft's website as a source to find out more about Crumb's latest work.
 Lords of Creation is a science fiction novel by author Eando Binder (combined pseudonym for brothers Earl and Otto Binder). It was first published in book form in 1949 by Prime Press in an edition of 2112 copies of which 112 were signed numbered and slipcased. The novel was originally serialized in six parts in the magazine Argosy beginning September 23 1939.
 I Heard the Owl Call My Name is a best-selling 1960s book by Margaret Craven. The book tells the story of a young Anglican vicar named Mark Brian who has not long to live and also who learns about the meaning of life when he is to be sent to a First Nations parish in British Columbia.
 Coolie is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1936. The novel reinforced Anand's position as one of India's leading English authors. The book is highly critical of British rule in India and India's caste system. The plot revolves around a 14 year old boy Munoo and his plight due to poverty and exploitation aided by the social and political structures in place.In 2004 a commemorative edition including this book was launched by Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
 Cook's Illustrated is an American cooking magazine published by America's Test Kitchen in Brookline Massachusetts every two months. It accepts no advertising and is characterized by extensive recipe testing and detailed instructions. The magazine also conducts thorough evaluations of kitchen equipment and branded foods and ingredients.
 Captain Kate was a US newspaper comic strip created by Jerry and Halle Skelly. Captain Kate was a female captain of a ship in the late 18th century. The comic written by Jerry's wife Halle Skelly was distributed by King Features from 1967 to 1972.
 Dog X Cat (わんことにゃんこ Wanko to Nyanko) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yoshimi Amasaki. It is licensed in North America by 801 Media which released the manga in November 2009.
 Epidemiology and Infection is a peer-reviewed medical journal that contains original reports and reviews on all aspects of infection in humans and animals. Some of these aspects include zoonoses tropical infections food hygiene and vaccine studies.
 Corpse Party (コープスパーティー Kōpusu Pātī) is a survival horror adventure dōjin soft video game series developed by Team GrisGris. The first game in the series was developed using the RPG Maker software and released in 1996 for the PC-9801.
 The Selfish Gene is a book on evolution by Richard Dawkins published in 1976. It builds upon the principal theory of George C. Williams's first book Adaptation and Natural Selection. Dawkins used the term selfish gene as a way of expressing the gene-centred view of evolution as opposed to the views focused on the organism and the group popularising ideas developed during the 1960s by W. D. Hamilton and others.
 Borlänge Tidning (BT) is a daily newspaper in Dalarna Sweden.The paper is sold and delivered to readers in Borlänge Hedemora and Säter. Borlänge Tidning is today a local edition of Dalarnas Tidningar Sweden's second largest provincial newspaper.
 A Far Cry From Kensington is a novel (roman à clef) by Scottish author Muriel Spark published in 1988.
 The Samoa News is a newspaper published in Pago Pago American Samoa.A partial microfilm archive of the paper is kept by the University of Washington
 One Shot is the ninth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. The book title is based onOne shot one kill the military sniper's creed.
 Nana Upstairs & Nana Downstairs is a 1973 non-fiction children's book by Tomie dePaola which introduces children to the concept of death.
 The Little Sisters of Eluria is a novella written by Stephen King. It was originally published in 1998 in the anthology Legends. In 2002 it was included in King's collection Everything's Eventual. In 2009 it was published together with the revised edition of The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger by Grant in a limited edition of 4000 numbered copies of the Artist Edition signed by illustrator Michael Whelan and 1250 numbered copies of the Deluxe Edition signed by Whelan and Stephen King.
 The Paintsville Herald is a bi-weekly newspaper (printed on Wednesdays and Fridays) covering the city of Paintsville Kentucky and the surrounding communities in Johnson County Kentucky.The newspaper was first published on May 2 1901.
 The Sands of Time is a 1988 action novel by author Sidney Sheldon. A best-seller the novel follows the adventures of four women who are forced to leave their Spanish convent for the outside world of threat violence and passions; and two men who are pitted against each other in a fight to the death.
 The Adventures of Peregrine Pickle is a picaresque novel by the Scottish author Tobias Smollett (1721–1771) first published in 1751 and revised and reissued in 1758. It is the story of the fortunes and misfortunes of the egotistical dandy Peregrine Pickle and it provides a comic and caustic portrayal of 18th-century European society.
 Hamlet and Oedipus is a study of William Shakespeare's Hamlet in which the titular character's famously inexplicable behaviours are subjected to investigation along psychoanalytic lines.The study was written by Sigmund Freud's colleague and biographer Ernest Jones following on from Freud's own comments on the play as expressed to Wilhelm Fliess in 1897 before being published in Chapter V of The Interpretation of Dreams (1899).
 The Silmarillion /sɪlməˈrɪlɨən/ is a collection of J. R. R. Tolkien's mythopoeic works edited and published posthumously by his son Christopher Tolkien in 1977 with assistance from Guy Gavriel Kay who later became a noted fantasy writer. The Silmarillion along with J. R. R.
 Onslaught (2002) is a military fantasy novel by David Sherman. It is set in a world where demons may be tamed and used to serve somewhat in the sense of technology. It is the first novel in Sherman's DemonTech series.Haft and Spinner 2 Frangerien Marines become stranded in the port city of New Balley. After esaping they attempt to find their way home to Frangeria.
 Master Keaton (MASTERキートン Masutā Kīton) is a Japanese manga series created by Hokusei Katsushika and Naoki Urasawa. It was serialized in Big Comic Original between 1988 and 1994 and ran for 144 chapters. The chapters were combined into 18 tankōbon volumes. An anime adaptation was created with 24 episodes airing between 1998 and 1999 in Japan on Nippon Television. An additional 15 episodes were created and released as OVAs bringing the total to 39 episodes.
 A Century of Dishonor is a non-fiction book by Helen Hunt Jackson first published in 1881 that chronicled the experiences of Native Americans in the United States focusing on injustices.Jackson wrote A Century of Dishonor in an attempt to change government ideas/policy toward Native Americans at a time when effects of the 1871 Indian Appropriations Act (making the entire Native American population wards of the nation) had begun to draw the attention of the public.
 Turning Thirty (2000) is the third novel from Birmingham born lad–lit writer Mike Gayle. It follows the story of Matt Beckford who is on the cusp of his life-changing thirtieth birthday.
 Death Sentence (French: L'Arrêt de mort) is a philosophical novel by Maurice Blanchot. First published in 1948 it is his second complete work of fiction.
 Sophie's Choice is a novel by American author William Styron that was published in 1979. It concerns a young American Southerner an aspiring writer who befriends the Jewish Nathan Landau and his beautiful lover Sophie a Polish survivor of the German Nazi concentration camps.
 The Guinea Pig is a 1929 comedy in three acts by Preston Sturges his first play to appear on Broadway. The Broadway production was directed by Walter Greenough and produced by Sturges.
 The Remarkable Adventures of Lancelot Biggs Spaceman (sometimes referred to as Lancelot Biggs: Spaceman) is a collection of humorous science fiction stories by Nelson Bond published by Doubleday Books in 1950. It compiles the fourteen stories in Bond's Lancelot Biggs series. Sometimes described as a novel it presents the stories in a sequence of twenty-seven numbered chapters.
 The Tea Party Goes to Washington is a book by United States Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky. The book co-written by radio host columnist and blogger Jack Hunter describes the Tea Party movement's impact in the 2010 midterm elections in the United States and ultimately their impact on the entire political system.Paul was elected to the United States Senate on November 2 2010 along with the help of various Tea Party activists across Kentucky and has strongly embraced the group.
 Lucky Wander Boy is the 2003 debut novel by D. B. Weiss. The book's official website describes the work in the following terms: A novel of video game addiction Hollywood serfdom ill-fated romance and extremely misguided notions about Japan Lucky Wander Boy marks the debut of an original new voice that will captivate wanderers of every description.
 Mark Twain's (Burlesque) Autobiography and First Romance is an 1871 book by American author Mark Twain. Published by Sheldon & Co. in 1871 the book consists of two short stories: A Burlesque Autobiography which first appeared in Twain's Memoranda contributions to The Galaxy and First Romance which originally appeared in The Express in 1870. The book bears no relationship to Twain's actual life.
 The World Swappers is a science fiction novel by John Brunner. It was first published in the United States in 1959 as one half of Ace Double D-391. The other half was Siege of the Unseen by A. E. van Vogt. Reprinted by Ace 1967 1976.
 Bloodline is a 2005 novel written by Kate Cary. It is an unofficial sequel to Bram Stoker's Dracula. Like the original novel Bloodline is an epistolary novel written entirely in letters diary entries and news articles. A second novel titled Bloodline: Reckoning was later released.
 Servant of the Empire is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts. Published in 1990 it is the second book in the Empire Trilogy preceded by 1987's Daughter of the Empire and followed by Mistress of the Empire in 1992.
 Ghosts of Onyx is a novel by Eric Nylund set in the universe of the Halo video game series and released on October 31 2006. Ghosts of Onyx was the fourth Halo novel published and Nylund's third contribution to the series.
 Reaper is a novel and was written by Ben Mezrich in 1998 his second novel. It deals with a computer virus that is hidden inside of the Telecon corporation's systems. The virus begins to go on a mad killing spree by wiping out people at their computer screens. Thus eventually becomes a threat to every single person linked up to the Telecon system. The book was eventually turned into a TV movie known as Fatal Error.
 New Dimensions 1 is an anthology of original science fiction stories edited by Robert Silverberg published in hardcover by Doubleday Books in 1971 and reprinted in paperback by Avon Books in 1973. While Silverberg had previously compiled several reprint anthologies New Dimensions 1 was the first anthology of original work he edited. It placed second in the annual Locus Poll for best original anthology.
 Founding Brothers: The Revolutionary Generation is a Pulitzer Prize–winning book written by Joseph Ellis a professor of history at Mount Holyoke College. It explores selected interactions among a group of individuals both gifted and flawed; interactions that profoundly influenced the early development of the United States.
 The International Journal of Language & Communication Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers topics relevant to speech and language disorders and speech and language therapy. Article types published are research reports reviews discussions and clinical fora. It is the official journal of the Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists. The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell and edited by Katerina Hilari and Nicola Botting (City University London).
 Gens des nuages is a travel journal written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and his wife Jémia.
 Injury Prevention is a peer-reviewed medical journal containing original research opinions and focus on the prevention of injuries in all age groups including child and adolescent injuries. It is published by the BMJ Group and the editor in chief is Brian Johnston. Injury Prevention is indexed by PubMed EMBASE/Excerpta Medica Scopus and the Web of Science.
 See Nacre for material produced by mollusks.Mother of Pearl (1999) is a novel by Melinda Haynes and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection June 1999. The audio version is performed by Nana Visitor.
 The New Oxford Review is a magazine of Roman Catholic cultural and theological commentary.
 The Great White Hope is a 1967 play written by Howard Sackler later adapted in 1970 for a film of the same name.The play was first produced by Arena Stage in Washington D.C. and debuted on Broadway at the Alvin Theatre on October 3 1968 for a run of 546 performances directed by Edwin Sherin with James Earl Jones and Jane Alexander in the lead roles.
 IEEE Software is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Computer Society covering software processes and practices software project management development tools and infrastructure requirements engineering software design and architecture empirical evaluations of software technologies and techniques human and social aspects of software development programming languages and paradigms development of distributed and enterprise software software testing and software quality.The following individuals have been editor-in-chief of the journal: Bruce Shriver 1983–1986 Ted Lewis 1987–1990 Carl Chang 1991–1994 Alan M. 
 Bad Astronomy: Misconceptions and Misuses Revealed from Astrology to the Moon Landing Hoax is a non-fiction book by the American astronomer Phil Plait also known as the Bad Astronomer.
 Academic Matters: The Journal of Higher Education is a Canadian magazine which publishes articles on issues of relevance to postsecondary education in Canada and internationally as well as literature and film reviews original fiction research notes and commentaries. The magazine's mandate is to be a forum for original thoughtful and engaging discussion of current trends in higher education and consideration of academe's future direction.
 Before I Fall is a 2010 young adult novel written by Lauren Oliver.
 Wolf of the Plains (2007) is a historical novel from English author Conn Iggulden. It is the first book in the Conqueror series based on the Mongols of the Asian steppes. It is titled Genghis: Birth of an Empire in the United States.After completing the Emperor series on the life of Julius Caesar Iggulden began research for his next series of books based on the life of Mongol warlord Genghis Khan.
 The Lockport Union-Sun & Journal is a seven-day (Sunday through Saturday) evening daily newspaper published in Lockport New York USA and covering several towns and villages of Niagara County. It is owned by Greater Niagara Newspapers a division of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Like most community papers the Union-Sun often employs young reporters. Longtime standouts include political reporter Joyce Miles and former Niagara Gazette sports reporter Bill Wolcott.
 The Proteus Operation is a science fiction novel written by James P. Hogan and published in 1985. Alternate history time travel and parallel universes form the basis of its plot in which a group of military commandos diplomats and scientists travel back to 1939.
 The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain is an 1876 novel about a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River. The story is set in the fictional town of St. Petersburg inspired by Hannibal Missouri where Twain lived.
 '''JLA: Age of Wonder''' (2003) was a two-issue prestige format comic book mini-series from DC's Elseworlds imprint. It was written by Adisakdi Tantimedh with art by P. Craig Russell and Galen Showman.
 The Canberra Times newspaper was founded in 1926 in Canberra Australia by Arthur Shakespeare.It was the second paper to be printed in the city the first being The Federal Capital Pioneer. The paper was sold to the Fairfax group in the 1960s by Arthur Shakespeare on the condition that it continue to advocate for Canberra. It was later sold to Publishing and Broadcasting Limited which in turn sold it to Kerry Stokes in 1989 for $110 million.
 The Visit of the Royal Physician (Swedish: Livläkarens besök) is a 1999 novel by the Swedish writer Per Olov Enquist. It is known as The Royal Physician's Visit in the United States. Against the backdrop of political turbulence and the enlightenment in the second half of the 18th century the narrative revolves around the court of the mentally ill King Christian VII of Denmark and the romance between the king's physician Johann Friedrich Struensee and the queen Caroline Mathilde.
 Malayala Manorama (Malayalam: മലയാള മനോരമ) is a daily morning newspaper in Malayalam language published from Kottayam in the state of Kerala India by Malayala Manorama Company Limited. It was first published as a weekly on 14 March 1890 and currently has a readership of over 20 million (with a circulation base of over 2.1 million copies).
 Life Expectancy is a novel by suspense/horror writer Dean R. Koontz. The plot centers on five pivotal moments in the life of a self-proclaimed lummox named James Jimmy Tock.
 The Deutsche Zeitschrift für Philosophie (German: German Journal for Philosophy) is an academic journal of philosophy publishing in German. It was established in 1953.
 Rudy Park is a syndicated comic strip created by Darrin Bell and Theron Heir that is distributed by The Washington Post Writers Group.The strip started in early 2001 when its principal character was laid off from his job at a dot-com company but eventually found a new job as a barista in a coffee shop/internet cafe the House of Java Cybercafe.
 Hothouses (or Hot House Blooms French: Serres chaudes) (1889) is a book of symbolist poetry by Belgian Nobel Laureate Maurice Maeterlinck. Most of the poems in this collection are written in octosyllabic verse but some are in free verse.
 Rules of Attraction is a 2010 young adult novel written by Simone Elkeles as the second installment of the Perfect Chemistry series. It spent three weeks on the New York Times Children's Best Seller List in 2010.
 Khavar-e no (Persian: خاور نو‎ New East) was an Iranian Persian-language daily newspaper published from Tabriz 1943 to 1945. Mahmud Torabi was the editor of the paper. Khavar-e no was founded as the regional organ of the Tudeh Party after the expulsion from the party of Ali Shabistari the editor of the erstwhile Tudeh newspaper in the region Azerbaijan. Shabistari had been expelled on the grounds of promoting Azeri nationalism. Khavar-e no was published with support from the Soviet Union.
 Everything That Rises Must Converge is a collection of short stories written by Flannery O'Connor during the final decade of her life. The collection's eponymous story derives its name from the work of Pierre Teilhard de Chardin. The collection was published posthumously in 1965 and contains an introduction by Robert Fitzgerald. Of the volume's nine stories seven had been printed in magazines or literary journals prior to being collected.
 Mafalda is a comic strip written and drawn by Argentine cartoonist Joaquín Salvador Lavado better known by his pen name Quino. The strip features a 6-year-old girl named Mafalda who reflects the Argentinian middle class and progressive youth which is concerned about humanity and world peace and rebels against the world bequeathed by their elders.
 The Long Ships or Red Orm (original Swedish: Röde Orm meaning Red Serpent or Red Snake) is an adventure novel by the Swedish writer Frans G. Bengtsson. The narrative is set in the late 10th century and follows the adventures of the viking Röde Orm - Red Serpent - called Red for his hair and his temper a native of Scania.
 Yes! is a Hong Kong teen lifestyle magazine (ISSN 1560-6058) with a slogan All-weather Youth Magazine (Chinese: 全天候年輕人雜誌). Founded by Joe Nieh (Chinese: 倪震) and Simon Siu (Chinese: 邵國華) on 20 November 1990 it was originally a semimonthly magazine published on every 5th and 20th of each month and priced at HK$10.
 The Teahouse of the August Moon is a 1953 play written by John Patrick adapted from the 1951 novel by Vern Sneider. The play was later adapted for film in 1956 and the 1970 Broadway musical Lovely Ladies Kind Gentlemen.The play opened in New York City at the Martin Beck Theater on October 15 1953.
 Seed (subtitled Science Is Culture; originally Beneath the Surface) is an online science magazine published by Seed Media Group. The magazine looks at big ideas in science important issues at the intersection of science and society and the people driving global science culture. Seed was founded in Montreal by Adam Bly and the magazine is now headquartered in New York with bureaus around the world. May/June 2009 (Issue No. 22) was the last print issue.
 M. C. Higgins the Great (1974) is a realistic novel by Virginia Hamilton that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1975. It also won the National Book Award in category Children's Booksand the Boston Globe-Horn Book Award the only book to do that.[citation needed]M.C. Higgins is a coming-of-age novel; it covers three eventful days in the life of teenager Mayo Cornelius Higgins.
 Spectral Stalkers is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Peter Darvill-Evans illustrated by Tony Hough and originally published in 1991 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 45th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-034366-0). There are currently no announced plans to republish this book as part of the modern Wizard series.
 The Sky: The Art of Final Fantasy is a set of art books about the Final Fantasy series of video games. Included are illustrations by Yoshitaka Amano one of the main illustrators for the series and a prominent fantasy artist. Three versions have been produced: the original Japanese version was released in 2002; a North American release known as the Boxed Set was released in 2012; most recently a re-release known as the Slipcased Edition was released in North America in 2013.
 Monthly Shōnen Jump (月刊少年ジャンプ Gekkan Shōnen Janpu) is a now defunct monthly shōnen manga magazine published in Japan by Shueisha from 1970 to 2007 under the Jump line of magazines. It was the sister magazine to Weekly Shōnen Jump.
 Psychohistorical Crisis is a science fiction novel by Donald Kingsbury published by Tor Books in 2001. An expansion of his 1995 novella Historical Crisis it is a re-imagining of the world of Isaac Asimov's Foundation trilogy set after the establishment of the Second Empire.Psychohistorical Crisis was the 2002 winner of the Prometheus Award.
 All About Love: New Visions is a book by bell hooks published in 2001. The book discusses aspects of love in modern society. hooks combines personal anecdotes psychological and philosophical ideas to make her point. She focuses on romantic love and believes that in American culture men have been socialized to mistrust the value and power of love. Each chapter explains her position and provides suggestions of how to reverse the process.
 The Singapore Free Press was an English language daily broadsheet newspaper based in Singapore.
 Busy Monsters is the debut novel of William Giraldi released in 2011. It centres on Charles Homar a writer whose fiancée runs away with her colleague to catch an elusive giant squid seemingly cutting ties with him. Charles attempts to regain her affection and finds himself budding into a strange cast of characters on the way.
 The Revengers' Comedies is a play by Alan Ayckbourn. Its title references that of The Revenger's Tragedy. The play is an epic piece running more than five hours and was designed to be presented in two parts. It was inspired by the playwright's love of films and references many notable movies particularly the Alfred Hitchcock classic Strangers on a Train.
 Hocus Pocus or What's the Hurry Son? is a 1990 novel by Kurt Vonnegut.
 The Apocalypse Watch is a novel by Robert Ludlum. A TV movie based on it aired in 1997. This was Ludlum's second novel to focus on a neo-Nazi conspiracy to take over the world the other being The Holcroft Covenant.
 The Compendium of Analytical Nomenclature is a book published by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) containing internationally accepted definitions for terms in analytical chemistry.
 Antonov Apples (Анто′новские я′блоки Antonovskiye Yabloki occasionally referred to as The Apple Fragrance Яблочный аромат) is a short story by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin written in 1900 and published the same year in the October issue of the Saint Petersburg Zhiznh (Life) magazine subtitled Sketches from the Epitaph book.
 The International Journal of Cultural Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Cultural Studies. The journal's editor is John Hartley (Queensland University of Technology). It has been in publication since 1998 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Earth Unaware is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and Aaron Johnston in the Ender's Game series. Published in 2012 it is the first book of a planned prequel trilogy to Ender's Game. The novel is set before Ender Wiggin is born and tells the story of the first Formic War. Earth Afire the second book in the trilogy was released on June 4 2013 to be followed by Earth Awakens.
 Blood's Voice is a new adult vampire romance novel by the American debut author Áine P Massie. It is the first book in the House Millar series and was released on Kindle and Nook on June 1 2011 and in paperback on July 30 2011.Blood's Voice chronicles the life of Anya Millar also known as Mistress Anya a vampire aberration her loves (Nicholas Young a vampire and Declán Keane a Guardian / human) and her House (House Millar). This novel is followed by Blood Bound.
 I Saw It: The Atomic Bombing of Hiroshima: A Survivor's True Story titled Ore wa Mita (おれは見た) in Japanese is a one-shot manga by Keiji Nakazawa that first appeared in 1972 as a 48-page feature in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Jump which at the time was a spin-off issue of Weekly Shōnen Jump. The story was later published in a collection of Nakazawa's short stories by Holp Shuppan.
 Joe was a popular magazine published in Kenya in the 1970s at the height of what acclaimed publisher Henry Chakava described as the fat years of Kenyan publishing. Joe magazine was one in a number of popular publications aimed at the new urban middle and lower-middle classes. What set Joe magazine apart was its subversive use of humour as well as its use of art and fiction as a narrative frame for cultural social and political analysis.
 L'Officiel (French pronunciation: ​[lɔfisjɛl]) is a French fashion magazine published by Les Editions Jalou. It has been published in Paris since 1921 and targets upper-income educated women aged 25 to 49. Les Editions Jalou is a family media group based in Paris. It is 100% controlled by the Jalou family and presided by Ms Marie-José Susskind-Jalou.
 The Journal of the International Phonetic Association is a peer-reviewed academic journal that appears three times a year. It is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the International Phonetic Association. It was established as Le Maître Phonétique in 1886 and obtained its current name in 1971. It covers topics in phonetics and applied phonetics such as speech therapy and voice recognition. The editor-in-chief is Adrian P. Simpson (Friedrich-Schiller-Universität).
 The Medfield Press is a Thursday weekly newspaper covering Medfield Massachusetts USA serving the suburb of Boston. It is one of more than 100 weeklies published by Community Newspaper Company a division of GateHouse Media.The newspaper covers local news features and events. The publication is staffed by Editor and reporter Rob Borkowski and Staff Photographer Erin Prawoko.
 The Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune is a daily newspaper published Mondays through Fridays in Chillicothe Missouri United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.Originally founded in 1860 as the weekly Chillicothe Constitution the paper has been published daily since 1889 (initially as the Chillicothe Morning Constitution) and under its current name since 1930.
 The World Book Encyclopedia is an encyclopedia published in the United States. It is self-described as the number-one selling print encyclopedia in the world. The encyclopedia is designed to cover major areas of knowledge uniformly but it shows particular strength in scientific technical and medical subjects. It is based in Chicago Illinois. The first edition (1917) contained eight volumes.
 Myanmar Digest is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 Immunogenetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering immunogenetics the branch of medical research that explores the relationship between the immune system and genetics.
 Forbidden Planets (2006) is a science fiction anthology of all-new short stories edited by Peter Crowther the fifth in his themed science fiction anthology series for DAW Books. The stories are all intended to be inspired by the 1955 movie Forbidden Planet.
 Hollywood is the fifth historical novel in Gore Vidal's Narratives of Empire series. Published in 1990 it brings back the fictional Caroline Sanford Blaise Sanford and James Burden Day and the real Theodore Roosevelt and William Randolph Hearst from Empire (the fourth novel in the series). Events are seen through the eyes of the Sanfords Day and the historical Jess Smith a member of the Ohio Gang.Historical characters introduced in this novel include Woodrow Wilson Franklin D.
 The Beginner's Goodbye is a 2012 novel by Anne Tyler.
 Affirmative Action Around the World: An Empirical Study is a 2004 nonfiction work by economist Thomas Sowell.
 People of Paradox: An Inquiry Concerning the Origins of American Civilization is a 1972 book by American cultural historian Michael Kammen published by Knopf. It explores various contradictions in American society such as puritanism vs. hedonism and idealism vs. materialism. People of Paradox was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for History in 1973.
 A World Out of Time is a science fiction novel by Larry Niven and published in 1976. It is set outside the Known Space universe of many of Niven's stories but is otherwise fairly representative of his 1970s hard science fiction novels. The main part of the novel was originally serialized in Galaxy magazine as Children of the State; another part was originally published as the short story Rammer. A World Out of Time placed fifth in the annual Locus Poll in 1977.
 Patterns of Sexual Behavior published in 1951 is a work of scientific literature co-authored by Clellan S. Ford and Frank A. Beach. The book integrates information about human sexual behavior from 191 different cultures and includes detailed comparisons across animal species with particular emphasis on primates. Patterns of Sexual Behavior which has been called a classic of its field provided the intellectual foundation for the later research of Masters and Johnson.
 Fokke & Sukke is a Dutch comic strip created by writer and illustrator Jean-Marc van Tol and writers John Reid and Bastiaan Geleijnse. The strip is published in the daily newspaper NRC Handelsblad.Fokke & Sukke first appeared in 1994 in the student magazine Propria Cures. The one-panel comic usually featuring humor of a politically incorrect nature became very popular in the Netherlands. The strip has appeared in numerous Dutch publications as well as over a dozen compilations.
 Mistress Nell Gwyn is the title of the New York edition of an historical novel by the British writer Marjorie Bowen. The book was also published in London with the title Nell Gwyn: A Decoration. The book was first published in 1926.The story depicts the life of Nell Gwyn and her rise from an orange seller to the mistress of Charles II during the Seventeenth Century.
 Dr. America: The Lives of Thomas A. Dooley 1927-1961 a book written by James T. Fisher provides a historical discussion of Thomas Anthony Dooley III an American medical missionary who worked in Vietnam. The book itself is viewed not only as a statement on Dooley’s “lives” as a medical missionary but it is also a socially scientific analysis of his life. A central argument of the book is that Dooley’s work laid the ideological foundation for U.S. entry into Vietnam.
 Acta Ophthalmologica is a peer-reviewed medical journal of ophthalmology established in 1923. The journal is edited by Einar Stefánsson (University of Iceland) and is published 8 times per year by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Acta Ophthalmologica Scandinavica Foundation. It is the official journal of the Nordic Ophthalmological Societies and of the European Association for Vision and Eye Research.
 Shōnen Ai no Bigaku (少年愛の美学) literally The Esthetics of Boy Love is a bimonthly manga compilation authored by shotacon artists in Japan. The title mimics that of a philosophical work on sexuality and homosexuality by Inagaki Taruho. The first volume was published in 2003 by AV Comics the adult product branch of Shobukan with the intention of reviving the market for shotacon magazines.
 Skyscrapers of Oz (オズの摩天楼 Oz no Matenrou) is a one-shot Japanese manga written by Yoshino Somei and illustrated by Row Takakura. The manga is licensed in North America by Media Blasters.
 The Ingenuity Gap is a non-fiction book by Canadian academic Thomas Homer-Dixon. It was written over the course of eight years from 1992 to 2000 when it was published by Knopf. The book argues that the nature of problems faced by our society are becoming more complex and that our ability to implement solutions is not keeping pace. Homer-Dixon focuses upon complexities unexpected non-linear results and emergent properties.
 Dear Father is a Children's novel written by Bhabendra Nath Saikia. The book was originally written in Assamese with a title Moromor Deuta. It was later translated into English by Ashok Bhagawati and published by National Book Trust in 1998.
 The Annals of Mathematical Statistics was a peer-reviewed statistics journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics from 1930 to 1972. It was superseded by the Annals of Statistics and the Annals of Probability. In 1938 Samuel Wilks became editor-in-chief of the Annals and recruited a remarkable editorial staff: Fisher Neyman Cramér Hotelling Egon Pearson Georges Darmois Allen T. Craig Deming von Mises H. L. Rietz and Shewhart.
 Lives of Girls and Women is a short story cycle by Nobel-prize winning author Alice Munro published by McGraw-Hill Ryerson in 1971. All of the stories chronicle the life of a single character Del Jordan and the book has been characterized as a novel by some critics as a result.The cycle serves as a coming of age story for Del Jordan growing up first on the outskirts and later in the centre of the small southern Ontario town of Jubilee.
 Turkish Review is a bimonthly journal published by Feza Publications focusing primarily on Turkish politics and foreign policy international affairs global economics integration and ideas and matters related to global socio-political issues.
 The Civilian is a satirical New Zealand website. It was started in 2013 by Ben Uffindell who finished a degree in political science at University of Canterbury in 2012. It has been compared to the US satirical website/newspaper The Onion. In April 2013 The Civilian received about 15000 page views per day and in a May 2013 interview Uffindell stated an average of 20000–25000 page views per day.
 Ancient My Enemy is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Doubleday in 1974. The stories originally appeared in the magazines If Astounding Analog Science Fiction and Fact Space Stories and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 The Cabin Faced West is an historical children's novel by the American writer Jean Fritz.Set in 1784 on Hamilton Hill Washington County Pennsylvania near the Monongahela River some 20 miles south of Pittsburgh this historical novel for children features ten-year-old Ann Hamilton. The Hamilton family has settled in “The Western Country” from the other side of the Allegheny Mountains from Gettysburg and Ann is homesick for her friends and the comforts of civilization.
 Life and Fate (Russian: Жизнь и судьба) is a 1959 novel by Vasily Grossman and the author's magnum opus. Technically it is the second half of the author's conceived two-part book under the same title. Although the first half the novel For the Right Cause written during the reign of Joseph Stalin and first published in 1952 expresses loyalty to the regime Life and Fate sharply criticises Stalinism.
 Monochrome Factor (モノクローム·ファクター Monokurōmu Fakutā) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kaili Sorano. It was first serialized in Mag Garden's bi-monthly manga magazine Comic Blade Masamune in May 2004.
 Uncovered magazine published by Fantelli Imprint Ltd is a UK news stand publication dealing with Mental health and Wellness issues.The first issue was in published October 2010. Columnists include: TV's Dr Rob Hicks and resident psychologist Colin Matthews along with Antony Worrell Thompson Kumud Gandhi food scientist and founder of The Saffron house.
 BioSystems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering experimental computational and theoretical research that links biology evolutionary thinking and the information processing sciences.
 My-HiME Destiny (舞-HiME Destiny Mai-HiME Destiny) is a light novel series published in Hobby Japan's monthly magazine Novel Japan. It is the third universe established by the My-HiME Project.
 New York Press was a free alternative weekly in New York City which was published from 1988 to 2011. During its lifetime it was the main competitor to The Village Voice.
 First published in 1971 Thinkers of the East was one of several books of Easternpractical philosophy study materials selected and arranged by Idries Shah for a contemporary readership.Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such Thinkers of the East can be read as part of a whole course of study.
 Lancashire Life is a British Regional magazine first published in 1947 devoted to the English county palatine of Lancashire. The magazine covers lifestyle topics including motoring property food art and everyday life in the county.
 Hands Off! (Japanese: その手をどけろ Hepburn: Sono Te wo Dokero lit. Off Your Hand!) is a manga series by Kasane Katsumoto (克本 かさね Katsumoto Kasane) spanning eight volumes. It was published by Kadokawa Shoten and serialized in Asuka Magazine; in North America it is licensed by Tokyopop. It is the sequel to Don't Call Us Angels (俺たちを天使と呼ぶな Oretachi wo Tenshi to Yobuna) also known as Hands Off! Don't Call Us Angels.A Hands Off! Drama CD has also been released.
 Prince Charming (プリンスチャーミング Purinsuchāmingu) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Akemi Takaido. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume through its imprint June on 24 October 2007 the second volume on 15 January 2008 and the last volume on 22 April 2008.
 Tentacles is a 2009 young adult science fiction novel by Roland Smith and the sequel to Cryptid Hunters. It is one of 25 award-winning books by Smith. At Barnes & Noble it has a sales rank of 18005 and on the Lexile scale it received a rating equal to 740L. It is reviewed by Barnes & Noble as a must purchase for libraries and schools.
 Following the Equator (sometimes titled More Tramps Abroad) is a non-fiction travelogue published by American author Mark Twain in 1897.Twain was practically bankrupt in 1894 due to a failed investment into a revolutionary typesetting machine. In an attempt to extricate himself from debt of $100000 (equivalent of about $2.5 million in 2010) he undertook a tour of the British Empire in 1895 a route chosen to provide numerous opportunities for lectures in the English.
 No me pidan que sonría is a Venezuelan novel. It was written by Henry J. Marcano.
 Whisky & Gogo is an Italian comic series created by Luciano Bottaro.It debuted in 1959 published in the comics magazine Cucciolo and in a short time it named an eponym comic book series published in Italy by Edizioni Alpe. The series set in the Old West features a brown bear with the vice of drinking (Whisky) and an innocuous easygoing trapper (Gogo).
 Sex and the Single Ghost is a paranormal romance novel by Tawny Taylor. The novel contains mild bondage. It is a stand-alone novel following the adventure of a Spirit American who has returned to Earth nine years after her death in order to discover why she was murdered.
 The Golden Globe is the first volume in the Junior Jedi Knights series by Nancy Richardson. It was written by Rebecca Moesta in 1996.
 Downright Dencey is a children's historical novel by Caroline Snedeker. It is set in Nantucket Massachusetts shortly after the War of 1812 and deals with the unlikely friendship between a Quaker girl Dencey Coffyn and the son of the town drunk. The novel illustrated by Maginel Wright Barney was first published in 1927 and was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1928.
 Thomas no Shinzō (トーマの心臓 Tōma no shinzō The Heart of Thomas or Thomas' Heart) is a shōjo manga by Moto Hagio published in 1974. It is an early example of shōnen-ai. It has been adapted into a film and a stage play. In September 2011 Fantagraphics announced that it had been licensed for English release; the single-volume hardcover omnibus translated by Matt Thorn was released in January 2013.
 Time for the Stars is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein published by Scribner's in 1956 as one of the Heinlein juveniles. The basic plot line is derived from a 1911 thought experiment in special relativity commonly called the twin paradox proposed by French physicist Paul Langevin.
 The Packer is a newspaper and website covering the fresh produce industry. Its readers are primarily retail and food-service buyers of fresh produce. It is published in Lenexa Kansas.On a weekly basis in its print publication and throughout the day on its website The Packer covers fresh fruit and vegetable production and distribution throughout North America. The Packer also covers international fresh produce news relating to imported and exported products.
 Animal Fairy Tales is a collection of short stories written by L. Frank Baum the creator of the Land of Oz series of children's books. The stories (animal tales comparable to Aesop's Fables or the Just-So Stories and Jungle Book of Rudyard Kipling) first received magazine publication in 1905.
 A Horse and Two Goats and Other Stories (also published as A Horse and Two Goats) is a collection of short stories by R. K. Narayan published in 1970 by The Bodley Head. The book is illustrated by R. K. Laxman Narayan's brother and includes five stories.
 China Daily (Chinese: 《中国日报》; pinyin: Zhōngguó Rìbào) is an English-language daily newspaper published in the People's Republic of China.
 Superman: War of the Supermen is an American comic book limited series from DC Comics that serves as the culmination to the Superman line-wide event New Krypton. The series began on Free Comic Book Day 2010 with a zero-issue released free of charge before the main limited series began the following week.The whole event is portrayed as a 100 Minute War in the narrative's time although the whole event lasted one month in May 2010.
 Miracle Girls (ミラクル★ガールズ Mirakuru★Gāruzu) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Nami Akimoto. It was adapted into an anime series by Nippon Animation in 1993. Tokyopop has licensed the manga for English release in North America.
 Critique of Criminal Reason is an English language crime novel written by Michael Gregorio the pseudonym of Michael G. Jacob and Daniela De Gregorio two scholars teaching in Spoleto central Italy. It is set in Königsberg during the height of Napoleonic wars in 1804. It details the attempts of a young Prussian magistrate named Hanno Stiffeniis to catch a murderer who has committed a series of grotesque and unsettling murders in the city.
 Bobruyskiy Kurier is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Body & Society is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes scholarly research on the body. The journal was established in 1995 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the TCS Centre at Nottingham Trent University.
 Philosophy and Real Politics is a 2008 book by British philosopher and scholar Raymond Geuss whose main subject is the relationship between politics and human needs. The book is an expansion of a lecture given at the University of Athens in April 2007 under the title 'Lenin Rawls and Political Philosophy'.
 Kaiouki (海皇紀 Kaiōki) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masatoshi Kawahara. The manga was licensed and published in Taiwan by Tong Li Publishing.
 The King is Dead is a novel that was published in 1951 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel set primarily on an imaginary island whose location is not known but also in the imaginary town of Wrightsville USA.
 Saved is a play written by Edward Bond and was first produced at the Royal Court Theatre in November 1965. It was originally enacted privately under club auspices since the play was initially censored due largely to the infamous stoning of a baby scene.The play itself is set in London during the 1960s. Its subject is the cultural poverty and frustration of a generation of young people on the dole and living on council estates.
 Infected is the name of a science fiction novel by author Scott Sigler. The novel was initially released in 2006 in podcast format with a print release in 2008 by Crown Publishing with Sigler continuing to offer the podcast version online. The book was initially titled Infested with the name changing in order to distance itself from a movie releasing with a similar title.[citation needed]
 Irish Thoroughbred American author Nora Roberts's debut novel was originally published by Silhouette in January 1981 as a category romance. Like other category romances the novel was less than 200 pages and was intended to be on sale for only one month. It proved so popular that it was repackaged as a stand-alone romance and reprinted multiple times. Roberts wrote two sequels Irish Rebel and Irish Rose.Roberts drew on her Irish heritage to create an Irish heroine Adelia Dee Cunnane.
 Agos (Armenian: Ակօս Furrow) is an Armenian bilingual weekly newspaper published in Istanbul Turkey. It was established on 5 April 1996. Today Agos has a circulation of over 9000. It has both Armenian and Turkish pages as well as an on-line English edition. Hrant Dink was its chief editor from the newspaper's start until his assassination outside of the newspaper's offices in Istanbul in January 2007.
 The Jennifer Morgue (2006 ISBN 1-930846-45-2) is the second collection of stories by Charles Stross featuring Bob Oliver Francis Howard containing the title novel The Jennifer Morgue the short story Pimpf and an essay titled The Golden Age of Spying. The collection is a sequel to the stories published in The Atrocity Archives (2004); a third book The Fuller Memorandum was released in July 2010.
 State of War also known as State of War: A Novel is the first novel written in 1988 by American Book Award recipient and Filipino author Ninotchka Rosca. It was described as a political novel that recreated the diverse culture of the Philippines through the presentation of an allegorical Philippine history.
 Play (simplified Chinese: 家用电脑与游戏; pinyin: Jiāyòng Diànnǎo Yǔ Yóuxì; literally: Home Computer Game) is a Chinese game-and-software oriented magazine founded in October 1993 and first officially published in June 1994 by Popular Science Press (simplified Chinese: 科学普及出版社; pinyin: Kēxué Pŭjí Chūbănshè). The magazine was originally named Jiāyòng Diànnǎo Yǔ Yóuxìjī (simplified Chinese: 家用电脑与游戏机; literally: Home Computer and Game Console) and focused on both PC games and console games.
 The Constant Nymph is a 1924 novel by Margaret Kennedy. It tells how a teenage girl falls in love with a family friend who eventually marries her cousin. The two girls show mutual jealousy over their common love for the man. The novel was a best-seller after it was first published becoming the first novel of a genre that might be called 'Bohemian'.
 The Husband is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 2006. Focus Features in conjunction with Random House Films has announced that a film adaptation has been greenlit. When the film will go into production and when it will be released are not determined at this time.
 Lord Emsworth Acts for the Best is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse which first appeared in the United Kingdom in the June 1926 Strand Magazine and in the United States in the 5 June 1926 issue of Liberty. Part of the Blandings Castle canon it features the absent-minded peer Lord Emsworth and was included in the collection Blandings Castle and Elsewhere (1935) although the story takes place sometime between the events of Leave it to Psmith (1923) and Summer Lightning (1929).
 GingerSnaps is a 2008 novel by Cathy Cassidy.
 Vampire Master Dark Crimson (Vampire Master ダーククリムゾン Vanpaiya Masutā Dāku Kurimuzon) is an adult manga by Satoshi Urushihara which was serialized in Monthly Magazine Z published by Kodansha. Its original release was November 13 2000.
 Lovesong is a 2009 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller.
 Shadows of the Mind: A Search for the Missing Science of Consciousness is a 1994 book by mathematical physicist Roger Penrose and serves as a followup to his 1989 book The Emperor's New Mind: Concerning Computers Minds and The Laws of Physics.Penrose hypothesizes that:-Human consciousness is non-algorithmic and thus is not capable of being modelled by a conventional Turing machine-type of digital computer.Quantum mechanics plays an essential role in the understanding of human consciousness specifically he believes that microtubules within neurons support quantum superpositions.The objective collapse of the quantum wavefunction of the microtubules is critical for consciousness.The collapse in question is physical behaviour that is non-algorithmic and transcends the limits of computability.The human mind has abilities that no Turing machine could possess because of this mechanism of non-computable physics.
 Brake is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson that was first published in 1957 in Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the collections Beyond the beyond (1969) and The Psychotechnic League (1981).
 The Journal of Web Semantics is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It covers knowledge technologies ontology software agents databases and the semantic grid information retrieval human language technology data mining and semantic web development. The journal is abstracted and indexed by Scopus and the Science Citation Index.
 Finta v levo is a novel by Slovenian author Ivan Sivec. It was first published in 2002.
 The Church of Scientology: A History of a New Religion is a 2011 book by Hugh B. Urban about the history of the Church of Scientology. Urban a professor of religious studies at Ohio State University discusses the history and teachings of the group and how they relate to broader trends in American society. Urban also writes about whether the group is a religion and how religion is defined.
 Kõrboja peremees is a novel by Estonian author A. H. Tammsaare. It was first published in 1922.
 The Scarborough Mirror is a tabloid format newspaper that began on May 3 1962 as an off-shoot of the Don Mills Mirror.Today the newspaper is published by Toronto Community News a division of Metroland Media Group which also publishes The North York Mirror The East York Mirror The Beaches-Riverdale Mirror The York Guardian The Etobicoke Guardian Markham Economist and Sun and The Bloor-West Villager.It shares a market with six Toronto dailies and they claim that they are compelled to compete strongly with. 
 Heavy Water and Other Stories is a collection of nine short stories by Martin Amis. It was first published in 1998 by Jonathan Cape.
 Blood Promise is the fourth book in the Vampire Academy series by Richelle Mead. Previously in the series the main character Rose and her true love Dimitri made a pact that if either of them were turned into strigoi the other would kill them rather than let them roam as an evil vampire.
 reasons to be pretty is a play by Neil LaBute his first to be staged on Broadway. The plot centers on four young working class friends and lovers who become increasingly dissatisfied with their dead-end lives and each other.
 The Journal of Systems and Software is a computer science journal in the area of software systems established in 1979 and published by Elsevier.The journal publishes research papers state-of-the-art surveys and practical experience reports. It includes papers covering issues of programming methodology software engineering and hardware/software systems.
 Children of the Thunder is a 1988 science fiction novel by John Brunner. The novel explores several themes: environment degradation of the modern world (which Brunner believed was shortening his own life) paternal irresponsibility (in the form of accepting cash for donating sperm to a sperm bank) and conservative (fascist) tendencies in British politics.
 Haywire (ISBN 978-0-307-73959-9) is a memoir by actress and writer Brooke Hayward (born 1937) daughter of theatrical agent and producer Leland Hayward and actress Margaret Sullavan. It is a #1 New York Times Best Seller and was on the list for 17 weeks.
 Walk Through Darkness is a critically acclaimed 2002 novel by American author David Anthony Durham.
 The Fireclown (also known as The Winds of Limbo) is the fourth science fiction novel written by Michael Moorcock published by Compact in 1965.
 The North Channel Sentinel was a weekly community newspaper serving the Channelview Galena Park Jacinto City North Shore and Sheldon communities in east and northeast Harris County. It was owned by ASP Westward LP The Sentinel started as a family-owned newspaper and was once owned by media mogul Rupert Murdoch.
 Four Children and It is a novel by author Jacqueline Wilson based on the 1902 book Five Children and It by Edith Nesbit.
 Boba Fett: Crossfire is a children's science fiction book by Terry Bisson set in the Star Wars galaxy at the beginning of the Clone Wars. This 2003 sequel to Boba Fett: The Fight to Survive was published by Scholastic Press.
 Powder and Patch is a novel written by Georgette Heyer. It was originally titled The Transformation of Philip Jettan when published by Mills and Boon in 1923. In 1930 the book was republished by William Heinemann minus the original last chapter as Powder and Patch.
 Desire Climax (欲情(C)MAX Yokujō Climax) is a shōjo manga series by Ayane Ukyō. It was serialized in Shueisha's Margaret manga magazine from 2004 to 2006 and collected in seven bound volumes. The series is published in France by Panini Comics France and in Germany by Egmont Manga.
 The State is a daily morning newspaper published in Columbia South Carolina in the United States. Owned by The McClatchy Company and distributed in the Midlands region of the state The State is the second largest newspaper in the Palmetto State.Its news staff was a Pulitzer Prize finalist in general news reporting for its Hurricane Hugo coverage in 1989. Its former cartoonist Robert Ariail was a Pulitzer finalist in 1995 and 2000.
 The Fortune of the Rougons (French: La Fortune des Rougon) originally published in 1871 is the first novel in Émile Zola's monumental twenty-volume series Les Rougon-Macquart.
 Poop: A Natural History of the Unmentionable is a children's book about (animal) poop written by Nicola Davies and illustrated by Neal Layton.
 Telemarksavisa is a Norwegian newspaper published in Skien in Telemark county.Telemark Arbeiderblad was started on 1 October 1921 as a reaction to the perceived moderate stance of Skien's labour newspaper Bratsberg Demokraten. However Telemark Arbeiderblad was not published out of Telemark but out of Larvik Vestfold. From 1 January 1922 it was published out of Drammen Buskerud under the auspices of Fremtiden.
 Moment in Peking (simplified Chinese: 京华烟云; traditional Chinese: 京華煙雲; pinyin: Jīnghuá Yānyún) (also translated as simplified Chinese: 瞬息京华; traditional Chinese: 瞬息京華; pinyin: Shùnxī Jīnghuá) is an historical novel originally written in English by the Chinese author Lin Yutang.
 Sandgrouse is the journal of the Ornithological Society of the Middle East. It is named after a family of birds which are particularly characteristic of desert regions such as those found in the Middle East. The first ten issues were edited by Donald Parr. Numbers 11 to 12 and volumes 13 and 14 were edited by Duncan J. Brooks. Volumes 18-25 were edited by Guy Kirwan and volume 26 jointly by Kirwan and Michael Blair. Mike Blair was then the editor until spring 2008.
 The Grave is a novel by author James Heneghan.This book book is about a boy named Tom Mullen he is thirteen almost fourteen years old. He is an orphan his mom left him in a department store in the toy section in downtown Liverpool Christmas 1961. Now in the present he lives in Liverpool in a small suburb called Old Swan.
 Acupuncture in Medicine is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group on behalf of the British Medical Acupuncture Society that covers clinical experimental technical and basic science aspects of medical acupuncture and related techniques.
 A Tuna Christmas is the second in a series of comedic plays (preceded by Greater Tuna and followed by Red White and Tuna and Tuna Does Vegas) each set the fictional town of Tuna Texas the third-smallest town in the state. The trilogy was written by Jaston Williams Joe Sears and Ed Howard. The plays are at once an affectionate comment on small-town Southern life and attitudes but also a withering satire of same.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fifteenth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0312-20445-0) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1999. It is the 15th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 The International Journal of Foundations of Computer Science is a computer science journal published by World Scientific. It was founded in 1990 covering the field of theoretical computer science from algebraic theory and algorithms to quantum computing and wireless networks. Since 1997 the Editor-in-Chief has been Oscar Ibarra of the Department of Computer Science University of California.
 Topology was a peer-reviewed mathematical journal covering topology and geometry. It was established in 1962 and was published by Elsevier. The last issue of Topology appeared in 2009.
 The Little Man from Archangel (original title Le Petit Homme d'Arkhangelsk) first published in English by Hamish Hamilton in 1957 is a novel by Georges Simenon.
 The Journal of Fluid Mechanics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of fluid mechanics. It publishes original work on theoretical computational and experimental aspects of the subject.The journal is published by Cambridge University Press and retains a strong association with the University of Cambridge in particular the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics (DAMTP).
 Hammerhead Ranch Motel is a novel by Tim Dorsey published in 2000. It continues the story started in Florida Roadkill of blithe psychopath Serge A. Storms and his pursuit of five million dollars in cash hidden in the trunk of a car. The book is non-linear with some scenes occurring at the same time chronologically but told out of order with later scenes.
 Népszabadság is a major left-leaning Hungarian newspaper founded in 1956 as successor of Szabad Nép (The Free People) the central organ of the dissolved Hungarian Working People's Party. Népszabadság literally means People's Freedom and is a reference to the paper's communist roots: it was the mouthpiece of the communist Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party until 1989 and is often considered as supportive to the present Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP).
 Anarchy State and Utopia is a 1974 book by the American political philosopher Robert Nozick. It won the 1975 U.S. National Book Award in category Philosophy and Religionhas been translated into 11 languages and was named one of the 100 most influential books since the war (1945–1995) by the U.K.
 The Memory Cathedral: A Secret History of Leonardo da Vinci is a 1995 historical fantasy fiction novel by Jack Dann. It follows Leonardo da Vinci constructing his flying machine and then travelling to the East.
 Killing Time is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Della Van Hise and published by Pocket Books in 1985. The original manuscript had Kirk/Spock slash fiction elements and these were requested to be removed by Paramount however they were not and 250000 copies were printed. These romantic undertones between Spock and James T. Kirk were brought to the attention of the office of the creator of Star Trek Gene Roddenberry who made Pocket Books recall the first edition.
 Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest is a 2003 non-fiction book by ethnohistorian Matthew Restall which exposes seven myths about the Spanish colonization of the Americas that have come to be widely believed to be true. Working within the tradition of New Philology Restall questions several notions which he claims are widely held myths about how the Spanish achieved military and cultural hegemony in Latin America. The book has been published in Spanish and Portuguese translations.
 Black Hole is a twelve-issue comic book limited series written and illustrated by Charles Burns and published first by Kitchen Sink Press and then Fantagraphics. It was released in collected form in 2005 by Pantheon Books.The story deals with the aftermath of a sexually transmitted disease which causes grotesque mutations in teenagers.
 Little India is the largest circulated Indian as well as Asian publication in the United States[citation needed]. The magazine established in 1991 and edited and published by Achal Mehra focuses on the Non-resident Indians (NRIs) in the United States and features editorials and articles on living in the United States while being of Indian heritage and happenings and people from India.
 Evolutionary Biology is a college-level evolutionary biology textbook written by Eli C. Minkoff that is 627 pages long. It was published in 1983 by Addison-Wesley. This is Dr. Minkoff's first foray into the world of college-level textbook authorship. The book contains an index and various biographical references.
 The Extended Phenotype (EP) is a biological concept introduced by Richard Dawkins in a 1982 book with the same title. The main idea is that phenotype should not be limited to biological processes such as protein biosynthesis or tissue growth but extended to include all effects that a gene has on its environment inside or outside of the body of the individual organism.Dawkins considers the Extended Phenotype to be his principal contribution to evolutionary theory.
 Beauty and Sadness (Japanese: 美しさと哀しみと Utsukushisa to kanashimi to) is a 1964 novel by Japanese author Yasunari Kawabata.
 International Studies Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of international studies and the official journal of the International Studies Association. It was established in 1959 and is published on behalf of the association by Wiley-Blackwell. The editor-in-chief is Daniel Nexon (Georgetown University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.391.
 Natural Law or Don’t Put a Rubber on Your Willy is a book by Robert Anton Wilson published in 1987. Much shorter than most of his other works it is widely available on the internet as a .pdf file.
 Building Design or BD is the leadingTemplate:Ref? weekly architectural magazine and digital title in the United Kingdom.BD was launched in 1970 by publisher Morgan Grampian as a closed circulation weekly as high-tech architecture was just starting to take-off.
 The Myth of Male Power: Why Men are the Disposable Sex (Simon and Schuster 1st Ed. 1993; 2nd Ed. Berkely 2000) is an internationally best-selling book by Warren Farrell. In the book Farrell argues that the widespread perception of men having inordinate social and economic power is false and that men are actually systematically disadvantaged in many ways.
 Chicago (シカゴ Shikago) is a near-future action manga written by Yumi Tamura. It was published by Shogakukan in Betsucomi from November 2000 to May 2001 and collected in two bound volumes under the Flower Comics imprint. It is licensed in North America by Viz Media which serialized it in Animerica Extra.
 The Lexicon of Comicana is a 1980 book by the American cartoonist Mort Walker. It was intended as a tongue-in-cheek look at the devices that cartoonists utilize in their craft. In it Walker invented an international set of symbols called symbolia after researching cartoons around the world. In 1964 Walker had written an article called Let's Get Down to Grawlixes a satirical piece for the National Cartoonists Society.
 Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention is a biography of Malcolm X written by American historian Manning Marable. It won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for History.Pulitzer.org described this as an exploration of the legendary life and provocative views of one of the most significant African-Americans in U.S.
 Riders in the Chariot is the sixth published novel by Australian Author Patrick White Nobel Prize winner of 1973. It was published in 1961 and won the Miles Franklin Award in that year. It also won the 1965 Gold Medal of the Australian Literature Society.
 Where the Wild Things Are is a 1963 children's picture book by American writer and illustrator Maurice Sendak originally published by Harper & Row. The book has been adapted into other media several times including an animated short in 1974 (with an updated version in 1988); a 1980 opera; and a live-action 2009 feature-film adaptation directed by Spike Jonze.
 Western Horseman a monthly magazine published by the Magazine Division of Morris Communications was first published in January 1936. It features articles on Western riding the breeding and care of horses horse training and tack and ranching. It is the category leader in equine publishing and is known as The World's Leading Horse Magazine Since 1936 and as America's Favorite Horse Magazine Since 1936.
 The Gates Of Rome is the first novel in the Emperor series written by author Conn Iggulden. The series is historical fiction following the life of Julius Caesar.
 Computer Bild is a magazine published by Axel Springer AG. It is published in 9 countries and is Europe's best selling computer magazine. The magazine is adapted for each country in which it is published. The magazine was first published in 2006. The current Editor Axel Telzerow has held his position since February 2012 and his predecessor Hans-Martin Burr was in office since October 2006.
 Kaja was a newspaper published in Estonia between 1919 and 1935.
 Shadow Wave is the 12th novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. It was published by Hodder Children's Books (ISBN 9780340956472) on 26 August 2010 and features the final mission of the long-standing central character James Adams. A limited edition of Shadow Wave with an orange cover (designed by Callum East) was made available just at W.H.Smith.
 Destroyer Duck was an anthology comic book published by Eclipse Comics in 1982 as well as the title of its primary story written by Steve Gerber and featuring artwork by Jack Kirby.The book was published as a way to help Gerber raise funds for a lawsuit he was embroiled in at the time in which he was battling industry giant Marvel Comics over the ownership of the character Howard the Duck which Gerber created for the company in 1973.
 The Problem of Cell 13 is a short story by Jacques Futrelle first published in 1905 and later collected in The Thinking Machine (1907) which was featured in crime writer H. R. F. Keating's list of the 100 best crime and mystery books ever published. The story was selected by science fiction author Harlan Ellison for Lawrence Block's Best Mysteries of the Century.
 African Health Sciences is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering clinical practice and public health policy relevant to Africa and low-income countries. The editor-in-chief is James K. Tumwine (Makerere University) who established the journal in 2001.The journal is abstracted and indexed by Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed.
 Croisée in a Foreign Labyrinth (異国迷路のクロワーゼ Ikoku Meiro no Kurowāze lit. The crossroads of a foreign maze) also titled in French as La Croisée dans un Labyrinthe Étranger is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hinata Takeda about a young Japanese girl named Yune who finds herself in late-19th century Paris. The manga has been adapted into an anime television series by Satelight which aired in Japan between July 4 2011 and September 19 2011.
 November is a 2007 play written by American playwright David Mamet.November premiered on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on January 17 2008. The production was directed by Joe Mantello and starred Nathan Lane Laurie Metcalf Ethan Phillips Michael Nichols and Dylan Baker.Billed as a comedy November centers on President Charles Smith (Lane) several days before his second election. Metcalf played Clarice Bernstein Smith's speechwriter and Baker played Archer Brown Smith's advisor.
 On Jungle Trails is a book-length compilation of Frank Buck’s stories describing how he captures wild animals. For many years this book was a fifth grade reader in the Texas public schools approved for state-wide use.Some of the facts Buck relates are observational such as his description of the pangolin a scaly anteater getting his fill of red ants.
 Le Chasseur Zéro (lit. The Zero Fighter) is a novel by the French writer Pascale Roze. It was published on 22 August 1996 by éditions Albin Michel and won the Prix Goncourt and the Prix du Premier Roman that year.
 The Moving Finger is a short story by Stephen King. It was first published in December 1990 in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction and three years later in 1993 was included in King's collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes.
 The Chronicle of Malaysia gives an account of Malaysia from January 1957 to 31 August 2007.
 The Moth Diaries is the debut novel of Rachel Klein published in 2002.
 David Atlanta magazine is an Atlanta-based weekly periodical written for the gay community. It was owned by gay press publisher Window Media until Window Media closed operations and ceased publication on November 16 2009.On March 11 2010 David Atlanta returned to publishing weekly issues after being purchased from the bankruptcy court by Gaydar Atlanta. In August 2010 David Atlanta was sold along with Southern Voice to DRT Media. The August 11 2011 issue was the first under new ownership.
 Waiting for Sunrise is a 2012 espionage novel by William Boyd. The book was published on April 17 2012 by Bloomsbury Press in the United Kingdom and by HarperCollins in the United States.
 The Mystery at the Moss-Covered Mansion is the eighteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series published by Grossett & Dunlap and was first published in 1941. The original text was written by ghostwriter Mildred Wirt Benson based upon a plot outline from Stratemeyer Syndicate co-owner Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 The Bite in the Apple: A Memoir of My Life with Steve Jobs by Chrisann Brennan is an autobiographical book written by Steve Jobs' first girlfriend and the mother of his first child Lisa Brennan-Jobs. It was released on October 29 2013.
 Mad Dog Summer and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by Joe R. Lansdale first published in 2004 in a limited edition by Subterranean Press. It was reissued in paperback in 2006 by Golden Gryphon Press.
 Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die is a book by brothers Chip and Dan Heath published by Random House on January 2 2007. The book continues the idea of stickiness popularized by Malcolm Gladwell in The Tipping Point seeking to explain what makes an idea or concept memorable or interesting. A similar style to Gladwell's is used with a number of stories and case studies followed by principles.
 The Godmakers (1972) is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert. The title of early editions was sometimes styled The God Makers.
 Accident Analysis & Prevention is a bimonthly peer-reviewed public health journal covering accident prevention published by Elsevier on behalf of the Association for the Advancement of Automotive Medicine. The journal was established by Frank Haight an emeritus professor at the University of California Irvine who died in 2006.
 Daily News is a daily newspaper owned by Independent News & Media and published every weekday afternoon in Durban South Africa. It was called Natal Daily News between 1936 and 1962 and The Natal (Mercantile) Advertiser prior to 1936 going back to the 19th century. In June 2010 the newspaper had daily average sales of 57 000 and an estimated daily readership of 320 000 people. It is an English-language newspaper and was first published in 1878.
 The Daily Slovak News (also known as TheDaily SK) is an English online newspaper headquartered in Bratislava Slovakia.
 The Journal of Applied Economics (JAE) is peer-reviewed and publishes original contributions on applied issues in micro and macroeconomics. The primary criteria for selecting papers are quality and importance for the field. Papers based on a well motivated research problem that make a concrete contribution to empirical economics or applied theory are especially encouraged.
 Hellblazer (also known as John Constantine Hellblazer) was a contemporary horror comic book series originally published by DC Comics and subsequently by the Vertigo imprint since March 1993 when the imprint was introduced. Its central character was the streetwise magician John Constantine who was created by Alan Moore Steve Bissette and Jamie Delano and first appeared as a supporting character in The Saga of the Swamp Thing #37 (June 1985) during that creative team's run on that title.
 Éramos Seis (We Were Six) is a 1943 Brazilian novel by Maria José Dupré about a struggling middle-class family in São Paulo. Praised by writer and critic Monteiro Lobato it became a best-selling novel and was awarded the Raul Pompeia Prize for best work of 1943 by the Brazilian Academy of Letters. Dupré published a sequel called Dona Lola in 1949.Éramos Seis has been adapted as a telenovela four times in 1958 1967 1977 and 1994.
 At the Center of the Storm: My Years at the CIA is a memoir co-written by former Director of the Central Intelligence Agency George Tenet with Bill Harlow former CIA Director of Public Affairs. The book was released on April 30 2007 and outlines Tenet's version of 9/11 the War on Terrorism the 2001 War in Afghanistan the run-up to the 2003 Iraq war rough interrogation and other events.
 Skope Magazine is a music magazine founded in Boston Massachusetts in 2000 and privately owned by Michael Friedman. It is published by Skope Entertainment Inc. The magazine was printed bi-monthly in glossy full color. The magazine began as a Co-Op project at Northeastern University in Boston MA.Skope Entertainment Inc. will continue without the magazine and can now be seen at www.skopemag.com/about. Skope prides itself as a diverse music based media company.
 Luck in the Shadows is the first book in Lynn Flewelling's Nightrunner series. Set in a fictional universe the novel follows the adventures of a complex thief and his apprentice as they are targeted by magical forces and attempt to unravel a political conspiracy. It is followed by Stalking Darkness Traitor's Moon Shadows Return and The White Road. Luck in the Shadows is being made into a movie.
 Der Tagesspiegel (The Daily Mirror; motto: rerum cognoscere causas or to know the causes of things) is a classical liberal German daily newspaper. Founded on 27 September 1945 by Erik Reger Walther Karsch and Edwin Redslob the Tagesspiegel's main office is based in Berlin at Askanischer Platz in the district of Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg less than a mile from Potsdamer Platz and the former location of the Berlin Wall. It also has regional correspondent offices in Washington D.C.
 The Pale King is an unfinished novel by David Foster Wallace published posthumously on April 15 2011. After Wallace's suicide on September 12 2008 a manuscript and associated computer files were found by his widow Karen Green and his agent Bonnie Nadell. That material was compiled by his friend and editor Michael Pietsch into the form that was eventually published. Wallace had been working on the novel for over a decade.
 Echo is an American comic book independently published by Terry Moore under his Abstract Studio imprint. The first issue was released on March 5 2008 with silver foil accents not to be included on future printings.Echo's story revolves around Julie a young photographer who inadvertently discovers a hi-tech Battle suit. Moore has said the premise of Echo is a woman living in today's America who is dealing with a sudden unbelievable change to her daily life.
 Reason and Morality is a 1978 book by Alan Gewirth.
 The Imposter is a short story written by Nathanael West in the early 1930s; it was not published in West's lifetime and first appeared in The New Yorker on June 2 1997 and in the Library of America edition of West's collected work: Novels & Other Writings. The story told by a struggling writer and set among the expatriate community in 1920s Paris deals with a failed sculptor named Beano Walsh who claims he cannot create his art since the anatomy books are all wrong.
 Descent magazine is a bi-monthly British and Irish magazine dedicated to caving.
 The Lost Fleet: Valiant is the fourth book in Jack Campbell's The Lost Fleet series that was published in 2008.
 The Star is a daily newspaper based in Gauteng South Africa. It is one of the titles under the Independent News & Media South Africa group recently acquired by Sekunjalo Media Consortium led by founder and chairman Dr Iqbal Survé . It was previously owned by Independent News & Media. The newspaper employed three members of the Bang-Bang Club. It employed Kevin Carter as a staff photographer in 1984.
 A Time to Run is a political novel written by Senator Barbara Boxer with Mary-Rose Hayes. It was published by Chronicle Books and released late in 2005 to mixed and frequently partisan reviews.
 The Human Stain (2000) is a novel by Philip Roth set in late 1990s rural New England. Its first person narrator is 65-year-old author Nathan Zuckerman who appeared in several earlier Roth novels and who also figures in both American Pastoral (1997) and I Married a Communist (1998) two books that form a loose trilogy with The Human Stain.
 The Greatest Salesman in the World is a book written by Og Mandino that serves as a guide to a philosophy of salesmanship and success telling the story of Hafid a poor camel boy who achieves a life of abundance. The book was first published in 1968 and re-issued in 1983 by Bantam. A hardcover edition was published by Buccaneer Books in June 1993.
 The Grandmother's Tale and Selected Stories is a book by R. K. Narayan with illustrations by his brother R. K. Laxman published in 1994 by Viking Press. The book includes a novella Grandmother's Tale and some other stories in the characteristic Narayan style that captures suffering through comedic narratives. The book was a bestseller in the United States.
 An Extempore upon a Faggot is an eight-line poem of unknown authorship dating from the mid-17th century. It has been attributed to John Wilmot 2nd Earl of Rochester John Dryden John Milton and Sir John Suckling.In September 2010 Jennifer Batt lecturer in English at Jesus College Oxford published a version of the poem found in the 1708 Oxford and Cambridge Miscellany Poems part of the Harding Collection at the Bodleian Library.
 The Rolla Daily News is a daily newspaper published in Rolla Missouri United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper covers Rolla and Phelps County Missouri including the city of Newburg. It traces its history back to several Rolla newspapers that date back to the 1870s. The Rolla Daily News is printed at the presses of its sister paper in nearby Pulaski County The Daily Guide as is the St. James Leader-Journal in the Phelps County city of St. James.
 The Chronicle is a popular daily newspaper in Zimbabwe. It is published in Bulawayo and mostly reports on news in the Matebeleland region in the southern part of the country. It is state-owned and therefore usually only publishes news that supports the government and its policies. It also covers stories on national and international news as well as entertainment sport business travel job offers and real estate.
 The Last Battle or The Last Battle: When U.S.
 Cold Vengeance is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child. It was released on August 2 2011 by Grand Central Publishing. This is the eleventh book in the Special Agent Pendergast series and also the second novel in the Helen trilogy. The preceding novel is Fever Dream.
 Last Day in Limbo is the title of the eighth novel chronicling the adventures of crime lord-turned-secret agent Modesty Blaise. The novel was first published in 1976 and was written by Peter O'Donnell who had created the character for a comic strip in the early 1960s. The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Souvenir Press.
 Fugue For A Darkening Island (published in the US as Darkening Island) is a dystopian science fiction novel by Christopher Priest. First published in 1972 it deals with a man's struggle to protect his family and himself in a near future England ravaged by civil war brought about by the failings of a Conservative government and a massive influx of African refugees.
 Dauntless (2006) is the first volume of the ongoing Lost Fleet series written by Jack Campbell which is a pseudonym for John G. Hemry. It has since been followed by five other volumes:Fearless (2007)Courageous (2007)Valiant (2008)Relentless (2009)Victorious (2010)
 Hedda Gabler (Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈhɛ̝d.dæ ˈɡɑ̈ːblɛ̝r]) is a play published in 1890 by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen. It premiered in 1891 in Germany to negative reviews but has subsequently gained recognition as a classic of realism nineteenth century theatre and world drama.Some critics consider the character of Hedda one of the great dramatic roles in theatre and some portrayals have been very controversial.
 Leading Edge formerly The Leading Edge Magazine of Science Fiction and Fantasy is a semi-professional speculative fiction magazine founded in 1981 and published at Brigham Young University in Provo Utah. The magazine is known for its high quality fiction and has published stories by authors such as Dave Wolverton M. Shayne Bell Dan Wells and Orson Scott Card articles by Algis Budrys as well as poetry and articles by noted poet and literary critic Michael R. Collings.
 Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead: The Writers and Artists who made National Lampoon Insanely Great by Rick Meyerowitz is a 2010 book which was published by Abrams Books of New York. The book consists of a compilation of work by a selection of writers and artists whose work appeared in National Lampoon magazine in the 1970s as well as introductory commentary on those people and their work by Meyerowitz and others. The book is hardback coffee-table sized and is profusely illustrated.
 Le Délit also known as Le Délit français is an independent francophone newspaper on the McGill University campus in Montreal Quebec Canada. Serving McGill University's francophone-student minority Le Délit is a sister publication to the English-language The McGill Daily.Evolving from the Le McGill Daily français French-language section in The McGill Daily Le Délit became a standalone newspaper on September 1 1977.
 The Prophet from Ephesus is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence. The novel the sixteenth in the Roman Mysteries series was published in 2009. It is set during the reign of Titus primarily in the Roman province of Asia.
 Love Story is a 1970 romance novel by American writer Erich Segal. The book's origins were in that of a screenplay Segal wrote and was subsequently approved for production by Paramount Pictures. Paramount requested that Segal adapt the story into novel form as a preview of sorts for the film. The novel was released on February 14 1970 Valentine's Day. Portions of the story originally appeared in The Ladies' Home Journal.
 Nylon Guys is an American magazine devoted to men's fashions published by Nylon magazine. Its coverage includes art music design technology men's fashion and travel. It is a branch off of Nylon with a focus on the interests of guys.
 Forest is a novel written by the award-winning Australian novelist Sonya Hartnett. It was first published in 2001 in Australia by Viking.
 The Black Gryphon is the first novel in the chronological timeline of the Valdemar Saga by author Mercedes Lackey although not published until 1995.
 The European Journal of Work and Organizational Psychology was established in 1991 and is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by the European Association of Work and Organizational Psychology. Content includes papers on organizational change organizational climate team work motivation innovation leadership bullying stress in the workplace burnout job satisfaction job design selection and training.
 The Dreaming is a fictional place a comic book location published by DC Comics. The Dreaming first appeared in the Sandman vol. 2 #1 (January 1989) and was created by Neil Gaiman and Sam Kieth. The Dreaming is the domain of Dream of the Endless.
 The Golden Ball and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1971 in an edition priced at $5.95. It contains fifteen short stories.
 Swords Against Wizardry is a fantasy short story collection by Fritz Leiber and Harry Fischer featuring their sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. Fischer's contribution was limited to the first ten thousand words of The Lords of Quarmall. The book is chronologically the fourth volume in the complete seven volume edition of the collected stories devoted to the characters.
 The Design and Evolution of C++ is a book by Bjarne Stroustrup about the birth of the computer programming language C++.
 The International Journal of Greek Love was a scholary journal published between January 1965 and November 1966 covering literary historical sociological psychological and related studies centered around the phenomenon of Greek love defined as the love between a man and an adolescent boy.Despite its small circulation the journal managed to have a considerable impact on gay and lesbian scholarship and opened the road for other important militant or scholarly publications.[citation needed]The best researched articles are those that have been most quoted. 
 The Farnsworth Invention is a stage play by Aaron Sorkin adapted from an unproduced screenplay about Philo Farnsworth's invention of the television[clarify] and David Sarnoff the RCA president who stole the design.
 The Aqueduct (A Martian Chronicle) is a short story by author Ray Bradbury. This story was originally published in 1979 by Roy A. Squires in a limited edition chapbook (230 numbered signed copies). The story was subsequently collected in The Stories of Ray Bradbury in 1980.
 R.U.R. is a 1920 science fiction play in the Czech language by Karel Čapek. R.U.R. stands for Rosumovi Univerzální Roboti (Rossum’s Universal Robots). However the English phrase Rossum’s Universal Robots had been used as the subtitle in the Czech original. It premiered on 25 January 1921 and introduced the word robot to the English language and to science fiction as a whole.R.U.R. quickly became famous and was influential early in the history of its publication.
 The Eastern Echo is the independent student newspaper of Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti Michigan. The paper is funded through advertising revenue. The paper is published Monday and Thursday during the fall and winter semesters. It is published weekly during the spring semester. Although EMU funds a Student Media Director that official has no editorial influence over the content of the Eastern Echo.
 The Sing-song Girls of Shanghai also translated as Shanghai Flowers or Biographies of Flowers by the Seashore is an 1892 novel by Han Bangqing (T: 韓邦慶 S: 韩邦庆 P: Hán Bāngqìng W: Han Pang-ch'ing).The novel the first such novel to be serially published chronicles lives of courtesans in Shanghai in the late 19th Century.
 Clouds of Witness is a 1926 novel by Dorothy L. Sayers the second in her series featuring Lord Peter Wimsey.It was adapted for television in 1972 as part of a series starring Ian Carmichael as Lord Peter.
 Crystal Growth & Design is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society. It was established in January 2001 as a bimonthly journal and changed to a monthly frequency in 2006. The editor-in-chief is Robin D. Rogers (University of Alabama).
 IDS Bulletin is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Institute of Development Studies (IDS). The journal was established in 1968 as the Institute of Development Studies Bulletin which was changed to The IDS Bulletin in 1976 and obtained its current name in 1984. The journal covers topics in international development. IDS Bulletin publishes articles influenced by research from IDS programs and events.
 Bethesda Magazine is a bimonthly magazine distributed in Montgomery County Maryland which began in 2004. It is named after the prosperous suburban area Bethesda Maryland. Despite its name the magazine also covers areas like Chevy Chase Gaithersburg Kensington Potomac Rockville and Silver Spring.The magazine's core focuses are local feature journalism guide book-style articles and real estate advice (similar to Washingtonian magazine).
 El Acil (Arabic: الأصيل‎) meaning The Authentic is an Algerian daily newspaper in French language published in Constantine capital of the north-east of Algeria. The newspaper was established in 1993. It belongs to the EURL Inter-Med-Info group which owns the Arabic Al Acil and L'Authentic another French-language newspaper. El Acil′s manager is Nacer Tafraout and the editor is Abdelkrim Zerzouri.
 When the World Shook is a novel by H. Rider Haggard written in 1919. It deals with the adventures of Bastin Bickley and Arbuthnot as they travel to the south sea island of Orofenia.
 Few Things Left Unsaid is a 2011 novel by Indian author and engineer Sudeep Nagarkar. Sudeep used to write in his personal diary. One of his friends read it and suggested to write a script on it.The book was launched in Juhu Crossword book store on 13 July 2011 by Cabinet Minister Suresh Shetty. Sudeep was also interviewed by Stack Your Rack magazine and RJ Jeethuraj from Radio Mirchi.An article in the Times of India stated that the book sold more than 8000 copies within one fortnight.
 Flowers for the Judge is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in February 1936 in the United Kingdom by Heinemann London and in the United States by Doubleday Doran New York. It is the seventh novel to feature the mysterious Albert Campion aided by his grouchy manservant Magersfontein Lugg.
 Ecography is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Nordic Society Oikos covering the field of spatial ecology.
 The Mystery of the Black Jungle (Italian: I misteri della jungla nera) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari published in 1895. It features two of his most famous characters the hunter Tremal-Naik and his loyal servant Kammamuri. The adventure continues in The Pirates of Malaysia.
 Physica Status Solidi is a family of international peer-reviewed scientific journals publishing research on all aspects of solid state physics and material science. It is owned and published by Wiley–VCH. These journals publish over 2000 articles per year making it one of the largest international publications in condensed matter physics. The current editor in chief is Stefan Hildebrandt at the Editorial Office based in Berlin. This office also manages the peer-review process.
 The Capitol Hill Beacon was a paid distributed weekly newspaper headquartered in Oklahoma City Oklahoma. It was founded in 1905. In February 2014 the paper changed its name to the Midwest City Beacon. The sister papers of the Beacon are Choctaw Times Tuttle Times Mustang Times and the Minco-Union City Times.
 Creepy was an American horror-comics magazine launched by Warren Publishing in 1964. Like Mad it was a black-and-white newsstand publication in a magazine format and thus did not require the approval or seal of the Comics Code Authority. The anthology magazine was initially published quarterly but later went bimonthly. Each issue's stories were introduced by the host character Uncle Creepy. Its sister publications were Eerie and Vampirella.
 EE Times (Electronic Engineering Times) is an online electronics industry magazine published in the United States by UBM Tech a division of UBM plc. The American print edition ceased with the December 2012 issue but the magazine continues to a European print edition.At its peak EE Times employed a total of 30 editors with a readership of 141100 mostly among design and development engineers and technical managers.
 The Iraq Sun is a newspaper in Dearborn Heights Michigan. The newspaper started publishing in 2005 by Iraq Media Inc. and serves Iraqi and Arab people living in Detroit Southfield Michigan Oak Park Michigan Sterling Heights Michigan Farmington Michigan Dearborn Michigan Dearborn Heights Michigan Westland Michigan Ann Arbor Michigan Inkster Michigan Washington DC Los Angeles and San Diego California.
 Far From the Tree: Parents Children and the Search for Identity is a non-fiction book by Andrew Solomon published in November 2012 in the United States and two months later in the UK (under the title Far from the Tree: A Dozen Kinds of Love) about how families accommodate children with physical mental and social disabilities and differences.
 Cœur brûle et autres romances is the title of a collection of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 India Today is an Indian English-language weekly magazine. It was established in 1975 by Vidya Vilas Purie (owner of Thompson Press) with his daughter Madhu Trehan as its editor and his son Aroon Purie as its publisher. At present India Today is published in Hindi Telugu Tamil and Malayalam. India Today is known to lean towards the right wing Bharatiya Janata Party of India. Many of its readers have raised this issue.
 New Europe is the book that Michael Palin wrote to accompany the BBC television documentary series Michael Palin's New Europe.This book like the other books that Michael Palin wrote following each of his seven trips for the BBC consists both of his text and of many photographs to illustrate the trip.
 The Marriage of Mr. Mississippi (German: Die Ehe des Herrn Mississippi) is a play by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt. The play was written in 1950 but Dürrenmatt continued to revise it until 1980. It premiered on 26 March 1952 at the Munich Kammerspiele directed by Hans Schweikart. The play was adapted into a 1961 film with the same title.
 Paper Cities: An Anthology of Urban Fantasy is a 2008 speculative fiction anthology edited by Ekaterina Sedia.
 Vogue Italia is the Italian edition of Vogue magazine. Owned by Condé Nast International it is the least commercial of all editions of Vogue magazine and has been called the top fashion magazine in the world.Its imagery is frequently shocking and provocative; according to the art director of British Vogue its photographs go beyond straight fashion to be about art and ideas.
 Gardhab Das created by cartoonist brothers Neelabh Banerjee and Jayanto Banerjee was a comic section run in the Indian youth magazine Target. The main character Gardhab Das had a donkey face and was always depicted wearing a kurta and pajamas. His main trait was his singing or lack of it. He was a perpetually unemployed music teacher. Famously known for disturbing the peace with his vocals and his harmonium he was always at loggerheads with his landlord being a penniless 'singer'.
 State of Fear is a 2004 techno-thriller novel by Michael Crichton in which eco-terrorists plot mass murder to publicize the danger of global warming. Despite being a work of fiction the book contains many graphs and footnotes two appendices and a twenty-page bibliography in support of Crichton's beliefs about global warming.
 The Dangerous Days of Daniel X is a novel by James Patterson and co-author Michael Ledwidge written in the same vein as his Maximum Ride series. Patterson returns to the realm of science fiction in this novel. It was released on July 21 2008.
 Budapest Noir is the first Hungarian noir written by Vilmos Kondor and published by HarperCollins in Hungary in February 2012. The novel is about a crime journalist Zsigmond Gordon who wants to find the killer of a Jewish girl found dead in Budapest in 1936 and besides the criminal element offers social commentary political and historical background of Hungary flirting with Fascism.
 Design News (ISSN-0011-9407) is a US trade publication published by UBM Electronics a division of United Business Media. Design News serves the information needs of the field of design engineering.The editorial director is Rich Nass with the editorial offices located in Lexington Massachusetts USA.Established in 1946 Design News magazine is published 12 times per year.
 Damious McDreary: A Boy And His Bat is the first book to be written by American guitarist Billy Martin from the band Good Charlotte. The book is a children's book about a boy and his pet bat. The bat gets let out of his cage and Damious goes on a journey trying to find his pet. Martin known for being a talented illustrator and painter designed and created the album art for Good Charlotte's third album The Chronicles of Life and Death.
 Spitfire and the Troubleshooters (renamed to Spitfire with issue #8 and to Codename: Spitfire with issue #10) was a short-lived comic book series from Marvel Comics' New Universe line.
 Diaries 1969–1979: The Python Years dedicated by Michael Palin to his mother and father has reduced “mountains to molehills” according to his own words to take the reader inside the period of the author’s life that corresponds to the Monty Python era.In the introduction we are advised that he started keeping this specific diary (there was an aborted attempt at age 11) on April 1969 at 25 years of age one month before the Python experience started in full swing.
 Kanzen Shouri Daiteioh (完全勝利ダイテイオー lit. Perfect Victory Daiteioh) is a planned fourth Eldran franchise funded by Takara Tomy and Sunrise. Originally the series was planned to be a 51-episode anime series but due to issues regarding the storyline the company made a pilot episode original video animation (OVA) and a manga adaptation.The series is considered canonical to the Eldran series because it referenced the older 3 on the pilot episode more recently in Super Robot Wars NEO.
 The Purcell Papers is a collection of stories by author J. Sheridan LeFanu. It was released in 1975 by Arkham House in an edition of 4288 copies. It was the author's second collection published by Arkham House. The book does not include all of the stories in the 1880 book The Purcell Papers. In addition to the stories by LeFanu the collection includes a pastiche of LeFanu The Churchyard Yew written by August Derleth and using LeFanu's name as a pseudonym.
 My Sister and I is an apocryphal work attributed to German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche. Following Nietzsche scholar Walter Kaufmann most consider the work to be a literary forgery although a small minority argues for the book's authenticity.It was supposedly written in 1889 or early 1890 during Nietzsche's stay in a mental asylum in the Thuringian city of Jena.
 The Looking Glass War (1965) by John le Carré is a spy novel about a British Intelligence agency known as 'The Department' and its attempts to infiltrate an agent into East Germany.
 Mech Mice Genesis Strike is a fiction book written by the Miller Brothers and published by Spearhead Books in February 2012. The book was announced on March 23 2011 on the RocketSnail Games website. The chapters of the book were put online once every month including illustrations. The book was based on the newly announced game Mech Mice which was published in public beta mode on July 9 2013.
 Northwest Passage is a book based upon the famous Canadian song Northwest Passage. The song is a story of a man's travel through the arctic of Canada while following old explorers like Alexander Mackenzie David Thompson John Franklin and Henry Kelsey. The book is written and narrated by Matthew James who is an award winning Canadian musician illustrator and author and has been nominated for and won the Governor General's Award for children's literature.
 Established in 1931 the Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Vestnik Rossiiskoi Akademii Nauk) is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media. It covers major contributions speeches and presentations to the Russian Academy of Sciences from both Russian and foreign academics.
 Bola is an Indonesian sports newspaper published in Jakarta. It was founded in 1984 and was then published weekly. In 1997 it moved to twice editions a week and since 2010 it has been published three editions a week. Typical issues have 48 pages (Monday and Thursday) and 32 pages (Saturday).
 Těšínsko (meaning the Cieszyn Silesia) is a regional magazine published quarterly by the Muzeum Těšínska in Český Těšín Czech Republic.
 Atlantis is an archaeological adventure novel by David Gibbins. First published in 2005 it is the first book in Gibbins' Jack Howard series. It has been published in 30 languages and has sold over a million copies and is the basis for a TV miniseries currently in development.
 Herbert West—Reanimator is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft. It was written between October 1921 and June 1922. It was first serialized in February through July 1922 in the amateur publication Home Brew. The story was the basis of the 1985 horror film Re-Animator and its sequels in addition to numerous other adaptations in various media.The story is the first to mention Lovecraft's fictional Miskatonic University.
 The Romantics (1999) is the debut novel of Pankaj Mishra the author of Butter Chicken in Ludhiana: Travels in Small Town India (1995) An End to Suffering: The Buddha in the World (2004) and Temptations of the West: How to be Modern in India Pakistan and Beyond (2006). The Romantics is an ironic tale of people longing for fulfillment in cultures other than their own. It was published in eleven European languages and won the Los Angeles Times Art Seidenbaum award for first fiction.
 Lagniappe is Louisiana Tech's official student yearbook. The Lagniappe which literally means something extra was first published in 1905 and has been published every year since except for 1913–1921 and 1926. The yearbook's annual release date is around the last week of the regular school year in the middle of May.
 The Western Herald is the student newspaper of Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo Michigan. It began printing in 1916. The paper was known as the Western Normal Herald from 1916–27.The Western Herald is different from many student newspapers because it does not receive university funding. During the fall and winter semesters the Herald goes to print two days a week (Monday and Thursday) and typically contains 8–14 pages each day.
 Dredd Vs Death is a novel written by Gordon Rennie and based on the 2003 computer game Judge Dredd: Dredd Vs. Death featuring Judge Dredd.
 Uhritulet (Finnish: The Sacrificial Fires) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Satakunnan Kansa is a morning broadsheet newspaper published in Finland. It is based in Pori. Established in 1873 as of 2007 it has a circulation of 55302 papers.
 Magikano (マジカノ Majikano) is a manga series by Takeaki Momose which was later adapted into an anime series directed by Seiji Kishi and written by Hideki Mitsui.
 Scrivener's Moon is the sequel to A Web of Air and the third book in the Mortal Engines Quartet prequel series. It was released in April 2011.
 The Pure in Heart is a novel by Susan Hill. It is the second in a series of crime novels which contains The Various Haunts of Men and The Risk of Darkness.
 Orientamenti is a work by Italian esoteric writer Julius Evola. Published in 1950 by Imperium.
 Adam Copeland on Edge is an autobiographical book written by former WWE professional wrestler Adam Copeland better known by his ring name Edge. The first hardcover edition was published by WWE Books and distributed by Pocket Books on November 4 2004. A paperback edition was released on October 11 2005 and an eBook edition on May 10 2010.Unlike many other wrestlers who hired ghostwriters to write their books Copeland wrote the book entirely by himself.
 The Head of Kay's is a novel by English author P.G. Wodehouse.
 Timm Thaler oder Das verkaufte Lachen (roughly translated as Timm Thaler or the Traded Laughter and best known as simply Timm Thaler) is a 1962 children's novel by famed German author James Krüss. Regarded by the Oxford Encyclopedia of Children's Literature as Krüss' best known children's book Timm Thaler tells the story of a boy who trades his enchanting laughter to a wealthy Baron in exchange for the ability to win any bet he makes.
 The Drowning Girl: A Memoir is a 2012 novel by Caitlin R. Kiernan set in Providence Rhode Island. The story's protagonist and unreliable narrator India Morgan Phelps (also known as Imp) is a schizophrenic.It has been described as an eerie masterpiece of literary horror and dark fantasy containing elements of magical realism. It has also been described as semi-autobiographical.
 Nick's Trip is a 1993 crime novel from author George Pelecanos. It is set in Washington D.C. and focuses on bartender Nick Stefanos as he investigates the disappearance of an old friend's wife and the murder of another friend. It is the second of several Pelecanos novels to feature the character and the second book of a trilogy with Stefanos as the main character. The preceding book in this series is A Firing Offense and the series concludes with Down by the River Where the Dead Men Go.
 A Darker Domain is a 2008 psychological thriller novel by Scottish crime writer Val McDermid. Reviewers often noted the fast paced style of the novel as it flashes back and forth between two plot lines a contemporary crime in 2007 and the investigation of a cold case from 1984. The novel is set in during the UK miners strike of 1984–1985 in Fife. Her accounts of the strike are particularly pointed exploring the effects of the strikes on the emotions of the people involved and their community.
 Neveryóna or: The Tale of Signs and Cities is a sword and sorcery novel by Samuel R. Delany. It is the second of the four-volume Return to Nevèrÿon series. This article discusses the novel itself. Discussions of overall plot setting characters themes structure and style of the series are found in the main series article.
 Fig Pudding is a children's novel written by Ralph Fletcher first published in 1995. It was recommended as one of the ten best books of 1995 by the American Library Association.
 For other uses see Aleph (disambiguation)The Aleph is a short story by the Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges. First published in September 1945 it was reprinted in the short story collection The Aleph and Other Stories in 1949 and revised by the author in 1974.
 The Journal of Psychopharmacology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the British Association for Psychopharmacology. It was established in 1987 and is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics. The editors-in-chief are David Nutt (Imperial College London) and Pierre Blier (University of Ottawa). The journal covers all aspects of psychopharmacology.
 The Shrinking Man is a novel by Richard Matheson published in 1956. It has been adapted into a motion picture twice called The Incredible Shrinking Man in 1957 and The Incredible Shrinking Woman in 1981 both by Universal Pictures. Another adaptation of the story has been proposed which has been pushed back several times from 2001 to the current day. The novel was retitled The Incredible Shrinking Man in later editions.
 Babylon Babies is the third novel by French-born naturalized Canadian writer Maurice G. Dantec published in 1999. It follows Sirène Rouge (1993) and Roots of Evil (1995).
 Computer!Totaal conveniently abbreviated as C!T is a Dutch monthly magazine about computers and related subjects. C!T is published by IDG Nederland and part of IDG's PC World product line. Computer!Totaal is the largest computer magazine of the Netherlands.Originally C!T was the newsletter of the Hobby Computer Club (HCC) and was called HCC Nieuwsbrief which was later renamed to the current name. On 1 October 2008 IDG and HCC terminated their co-operation.
 The Holy is a novel by bestselling author Daniel Quinn (who wrote the novel Ishmael) published in October 2002 by Context Books about a man's quest to find ancient false gods. The novel's genre is not easily classifiable but has elements of horror thriller and new age mysticism about it together with some coherent themes interlaced regarding consumerism the environment the sacredness of nature and the pitfalls of religious faith.
 Reinventing Discovery: The New Era of Networked Science is a book written by Michael Nielsen and released in October 2011. It argues for the benefits of applying the philosophy of open science to research.
 Deadenders is an science fiction comic book series written by Ed Brubaker and published by DC Comics. It is set in a post-apocalyptic future in New Bethleham USA and features a heavy Mod content among the characters. The cover work is by Philip Bond. The series lasted for 16 issues.
 A Wizard of Earthsea is a fantasy novel by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin first published by the small press Parnassus in 1968. Set in the fictional archipelago of Earthsea the story relates the education of a young mage named Ged under the tutelage of his aunt (a village witch) as an apprentice to a wizard at a school of wizardry and finally through a quest of self-discovery.
 City of the Dead by Brian Keene was first published in 2005. It is the sequel to The Rising.
 The Tufts Observer founded as the Tufts Weekly is an undergraduate student newsmagazine published at Tufts University. First published in 1895 Tufts' first student newspaper the Observer is the oldest student publication on campus. The Tufts Weekly was renamed the Tufts Observer in 1969. Observer staff currently work out of the Media Advocacy Board (MAB) Lab located on the second floor of Curtis Hall on College Avenue.
 The Homer Tribune is a weekly newspaper published every Wednesday in Homer Alaska. It has been independently owned and operated since 1991 .
 Journey: The Adventures of Wolverine MacAlistaire was an independent comic book created by William Messner-Loebs about Michigan frontier life in the 19th century. An ensemble piece it tells the story of the Fort Miami settlement and the characters both real and fictional that occupy it. Among these is the title character Joshua Wolverine MacAlistaire.
 Official PlayStation Magazine (Australia) is a magazine published by Media Factory Pty. Ltd. The magazine was previously called Official PlayStation 2 Magazine (Australia) but changed its name to coincide with the release of the PlayStation 3. The magazine's title is often abbreviated to OPS.OPS costs A$14.95 and sometimes comes with a Blu-ray demo disc though it usually has a custom made DVD with gaming trailers and other content.
 Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso (四月は君の嘘 lit. April is Your Lie) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoshi Arakawa. An anime television series adaptation by A-1 Pictures is scheduled to air from October 2014 on Fuji TV's noitamina block.
 Alcmaeon in Psophis (Ancient Greek: Ἀλκμαίων στην Ψωφίδα Alkmaiōn stēn Psōphida) is a play by Athenian playwright Euripides. The play has been lost except for a few surviving fragments. It was first produced in 438 BCE in a tetralogy that also included the extant Alcestis and the lost Cretan Women and Telephus. The story is believed to have incorporated the death of Argive hero Alcmaeon.
 Railsea is a young-adult novel written and illustrated by English writer China Miéville and published in May 2012. Miéville described the novel as weird fiction and io9 labeled its mix of fantasy and steampunk elements as salvagepunk.
 North Amerikkkan Blues published in 1971 is the first novel from Belizean Evan X Hyde. It is an autobiographical tale of Hyde's time at Dartmouth College an Ivy League school in Hanover New Hampshire U.S.A. from which Hyde received a B.A. in English in 1968.
 Dancing Times is a dancing magazine based in the UK. The magazine helped found the Royal Academy of Dance the Camargo Society and the British Dance Council. Dance Today a ballroom magazine is a spin-off of Dancing Times.
 Decision Points is a memoir by former U.S. President George W. Bush. It was released on November 9 2010 and the release was accompanied by national television appearances and a national tour. The book surpassed sales of two million copies less than two months after its release breaking the record previously held by former President Bill Clinton’s memoir My Life. Decision Points also opened at #1 on the New York Times bestseller list.
 The Brownsville Herald is a newspaper based in Brownsville Texas circulating in the Cameron County area.Jesse O. Wheeler a newspaperman from Victoria purchased Brownsville's Cosmopolitan newspaper in 1892 and renamed it the Brownsville Herald. In early years the paper voiced concern for the need of a railroad connection to the north and a bridge to the nearby city of Matamoros Mexico.It was owned by Freedom Communications until 2012 after Freedom filed for bankruptcy.
 Wanted in Rome is a fortnightly magazine in English for expatriates in Rome. The magazine covers Rome’s news stories that may be of interest to English and Italian speaking residents and tourists as well. The publication also offers classifieds photos information on events museums churches galleries exhibits fashion food and local travel.Wanted in Rome was founded in 1982 by two expats who identified the need of an aggregation magazine for the English-speaking community.
 Justice Hall is the sixth book in the Mary Russell series by Laurie R. King. In this installment Mary Russell has accepted her tumultuous relationship with her now-husband Sherlock Holmes and is looking forward to some time alone. However fate intervenes and their old friends Ali Hazr and his brother Mahmoud now released from their disguise and known as Alistair and Marsh (characters from the previous book O Jerusalem).
 The Devil and the Good Lord (French: Le Diable et le Bon Dieu) is a 1951 play by French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre. The play concerns the moral choices of its characters warlord Goetz clergy Heinrich communist leader Nasti and others during the German Peasants' War. The first act follows Goetz' transformation from vicious war criminal to a good person of noble deeds as during a siege of the town of Worms he decides not to massacre its citizens.
 Taleem-o-Tarbiat (Urdu: تعلیم و تربیت‎)(in English:Education and Training) is a kids' Urdu language magazine published by Zaheer Salam of Ferozsons from Lahore Punjab Pakistan.The publisher Ferozsons claims it is Pakistan's oldest children's magazine.
 Dark Things is an anthology of horror stories edited by August Derleth. It was released in 1971 by Arkham House in an edition of 3051 copies. It was Derleth's fourth anthology of previously unpublished stories released by Arkham House. A translation in Japanese has also been released.
 The Three-Eyed One (三つ目がとおる Mitsume ga Tōru) is a romance SF manga by Osamu Tezuka. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 7 July 1974 through 19 March 1978 and was later published into thirteen tankōbon by Kodansha. This story is about Hosuke Sharaku (the Prince of Darkness 悪魔のプリンス) the heir to the long lost super civilization of the Three Eyed Ones and his best friend Chiyoko Wato with whom he solves various problems often of his own doing.
 The Missouri Review is a literary magazine founded in 1978 by the University of Missouri. It publishes fiction poetry and creative non-fiction quarterly. With its open submission policy The Missouri Review receives 12000 manuscripts each year and is known for printing previously unpublished and emerging authors.Each year The Missouri Review hosts the Jeffrey E. Smith Editors' Prize contest with $15000 in prize money for entries in fiction essays and poetry.
 Drug Facts For Young People is an English-language magazine published annually by Regional Maple Leaf Communications Inc. It was first published in 1986 and is aimed at young teens. Drug Facts For Young People focuses on making young people aware of their own values the influences of their peers and role models and encourages them to make a positive choice regarding drugs and alcohol. Some schools in US and Canada use the book as an extra curriculum activity.
 ACS Macro Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society. The journal is available exclusively online. The first monthly issue is scheduled to publish in January 2012; however Articles ASAP began appearing on the journal's website in the Fall of 2011. ACS Macro Letters was developed to complement Macromolecules the leading journal in polymer science.
 L'Aigle à deux têtes is a French play in three acts by Jean Cocteau written in 1943 and first performed in 1946. It is known variously in English as The Eagle with Two Heads The Eagle Has Two Heads The Two-Headed Eagle The Double-Headed Eagle and Eagle Rampant. Cocteau also directed a film of his play which appeared in 1948. Cocteau said that he took his inspiration for the play from the separate stories of Ludwig II of Bavaria and of the Empress Elisabeth of Austria.
 Bring the Jubilee by Ward Moore is a 1953 novel of alternate history. The point of divergence occurs when the Confederate States of America wins the Battle of Gettysburg and subsequently declares victory in the War of Southron Independence [sic] on July 4 1864 after the surrender of the United States of America. The novel takes place in the impoverished United States in the mid-20th century as war looms between the Confederacy and its rival the German Union.
 Libertarianism Today is a 2010 book by Jacob H. Huebert about the modern libertarian movement. It has been described as a successor book to Murray Rothbard's For a New Liberty.
 Abel's Island is a children's novel written and illustrated by William Steig. It won a Newbery Honor. It was published by Collin Publishers Toronto Canada in 1976. It is a survival story of a mouse stranded on an island.
 Cøde:Breaker (コード: ブレイカー Kōdo:Bureikā) is a manga written and illustrated by Akimine Kamijyo running in Weekly Shōnen Magazine through Kodansha. It tells the story of a high-school girl who is trained in martial arts and a new transfer student a boy with mysterious powers. An anime adaptation produced by Kinema Citrus began airing on October 6 2012. It has been licensed by Funimation Entertainment in North America.
 Notable American Women is a novel written by Ben Marcus and published in March 2002.
 Soap Opera Digest is a weekly magazine covering American daytime soap operas. It features onscreen and offscreen news about the series interviews with and articles about performers storyline summaries and analysis and related promotional information. Founded in 1975 the magazine has historically included certain prime time soap operas in its coverage as well.
 If You Don't Buy This Book We'll Kill This Dog: Life Laughs Love and Death at National Lampoon was an American book that was published in 1994.
 Mechademia: An Annual Forum for Anime Manga and the Fan Arts is a peer-reviewed academic journal in English about Japanese popular culture products and fan practices. It is published by the University of Minnesota Press and edited by Frenchy Lunning.
 Anything But Straight: Unmasking the Scandals and Lies Behind the Ex-Gay Myth is a book by Wayne Besen a gay rights advocate.
 The Stars in their Courses is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It is the eighth in a series of books collecting his essays from The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction (May 1969 to September 1970). Doubleday & Company first published the collection in 1971.
 Frouros tis Anatolikis Aigialeias (Greek: Φρουρός της Ανατολικής Αιγιαλείας meaning the fortress of Eastern Aigialeia) was a newspaper that was founded in 1996 in Aigeira Greece. It serves the entire eastern Aigialeia. Its editor in-chief is Konstantinos Rozos. The newspaper features local news from eastern Aigialeia.
 The Erl-King (French: Le Roi des aulnes) is a 1970 novel by the French writer Michel Tournier. It is also known as The Ogre. It tells the story of a man who recruits children to be Nazis in the belief that he is protecting them. The novel received the Prix Goncourt. The 1996 film The Ogre directed by Volker Schlöndorff is based on the novel.
 The Passionate Heart (French: Léon Morin prêtre) is a 1952 novel by Béatrix Beck which won the Prix Goncourt. It was published in the UK as The Priest (1953) and in the US as The Passionate Heart (1953).A movie version was made in 1961 called Léon Morin Priest (French: Léon Morin prêtre) directed and scripted by Jean-Pierre Melville and starring Jean-Paul Belmondo and Emmanuelle Riva. Belmondo was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actor.
 Shitsurakuen (失楽園 literally Paradise Lost) is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Tōru Naomura. It follows the story of Himoto Sora a transfer student with a sense of justice and dreams of becoming a knight. Upon arriving at Utopia Academy she learns of a virtual reality-like game played by the male students in which they use girls as weapons in battles for status and treat them as commodities.
 The Hollow Tree is a children's historical novel by Janet Lunn. The book is the third in a trilogy the first two being The Root Cellar and Shadow on Hawthorne Bay. Having progressed backward from the American Civil War in The Root Cellar another few decades in Shadow on Hawthorne Bay The Hollow Tree takes place during the starting of the American Revolution in 1777.
 Dinosaur Tales is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury. Several of the stories are original to this collection. Other stories were first published in Collier's and The Saturday Evening Post magazines. The collection contains over 60 pages of illustrations by Gahan Wilson William Stout Steranko Moebius Overton Loyd Kenneth Smith and David Wiesner.
 Remembering Babylon is a book by David Malouf written in 1993.
 All-Flash originally published as All-Flash Quarterly was a comic book series published by All-American Publications and later National Periodicals (DC Comics). The series was the first solo feature given to the comic book character The Flash who also appeared in the anthologies Flash Comics All-Star Comics and Comic Cavalcade. The book ran for 34 issues from 1941 to 1947. The series was originally published on a quarterly basis before changing over to a bi-monthly schedule with issue #6.
 Redundant by Leo Butler premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in 2001 starring Lyndsey Marshal and directed by Dominic Cooke.Set in seventeen-year-old Lucy's Sheffield council flat the play follows a year in the promiscuous teenager's life as she makes one disastrous choice after another. It is a dark often humorous examination of social poverty.
 The Rationalists is a 1988 book by John Cottingham. It offers an overview of the most important exponents of rationalism namely Descartes Spinoza and Leibniz. Other thinkers such as Malebranche are dealt with too.
 Razorcake is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that publishes the Razorcake fanzine a DIY punk rock fanzine published bi-monthly out of Los Angeles California. It was co-founded by Todd Taylor (former Flipside managing editor) and Sean Carswell (author and Gorsky Press co-founder) in 2001.
 The Red & Black is an independent weekly student newspaper serving the University of Georgia updated daily on its website.
 The Red Deer Advocate is a daily newspaper in Red Deer Alberta Canada.Published by Black Press the newspaper was first established in 1901 as the Red Deer Echo changing its name to Alberta Advocate in 1903 and Red Deer Advocate in 1906. Originally it was a weekly newspaper issued on Fridays.The Advocate now publishes daily from Monday to Saturday with the slogan Central Alberta's Daily Newspaper.
 Diapason (literally through all notes) is a monthly magazine published in French by Italian media group Mondadori. It focuses on classical music especially classical music recordings and hi-fi.
 Porgy is a novel written by the American author DuBose Heyward and published by the George H. Doran Company in 1925 as well as a play which Dorothy Heyward helped him to write which was premiered in 1927. Even before the play had been fully written Heyward was in discussions with George Gershwin for an operatic version of his novel which appeared in 1935 as Porgy and Bess (renamed to distinguish it from the play).
 Sisters of Isis is a book series by Lynne Ewing who is also the author of the popular Daughters of the Moon series and the companion series Sons of the Dark. It is about three girls who live in Washington D.C. who have never met until a priest named Abdel brings them together. They each can cast spells from the Book of Thoth and have the power of transformation. They each have a birthmark in their hair and a ring that the goddess Isis gave them. They are Descendants of Horus.
 Wild Adapter (ワイルドアダプター Wairudo Adaputā) is a Japanese manga series by Kazuya Minekura set in Tokyo and Yokohama Japan in the mid-1990s.
 The Citadel of Chaos is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone and illustrated by Russ Nicholson. Originally published by Puffin Books in 1983 the title is the second gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002. The gamebook was also adapted into a video game.
 Embracing Defeat: Japan in the Wake of World War II is a history book written by John W. Dower and published by W. W. Norton & Company in 1999.
 Come Blow Your Horn is Neil Simon's first play which premiered on Broadway in 1961 and had a London production in 1962 at the Prince of Wales Theatre.
 The History of Mr. Polly is a 1910 comic novel by H. G. Wells.
 The Intelligencer Journal known locally as the Intell is the daily morning newspaper published by Lancaster Newspapers Inc in Lancaster Pennsylvania. It is the 7th oldest newspaper in the United States and one of the oldest newspapers to be continually published under the same name. The Intelligencer Journal's editorial page generally has leaned to the Democratic/liberal perspective. The Intelligencer was merged with its sister newspaper the Lancaster New Era in 2009.
 Billy Batson and the Magic of Shazam! was an all-ages comic book series published by DC Comics as a part of its Johnny DC imprint. The series debuted in September 2008 and was originally written and drawn by Mike Kunkel.
 Always Comes Evening is a collection of poems by Robert E. Howard. It was released in 1957 and was the author's second book to be published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 636 copies. The publication was subsidized by Howard's literary executor Glenn Lord who compiled the poems.
 Behind the Crimson Blind is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: A Good Librarian Like a Good Shepherd (大図書館の羊飼い lit. Large Library's Shepherd or The Shepherd of the Great Library) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August and released on January 25 2013 for Windows PCs as a DVD. The gameplay in Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction and focuses on the appeal of the five female main characters by the player character.
 A Whole Nother Story is a children's book of spy fiction published in 2010 by Dr. Cuthbert Soup. It is his debut novel.
 Politikk som idékamp: Et intellektuelt gruppeportrett av Minerva-kretsen 1957–1972 (English: Politics as Idea Struggle: An Intellectual Group Portrait of the Minerva Circle 1957–1972) is a 2007 book by Johannes W. Løvhaug. The book details the development and influence of the conservative periodical Minerva in post-war Norway. Its most distinguished editors who were chiefly composed of students critical to the contemporaneous radicalisation of politics are also portrayed.
 Lucky Jim is a novel by Kingsley Amis published in 1954 by Victor Gollancz. It was Amis' first novel and won the Somerset Maugham Award for fiction. Set sometime around 1950 Lucky Jim follows the exploits of the eponymous James (Jim) Dixon a reluctant medieval history lecturer at an unnamed provincial English university (based in part on the University of Leicester). The tone is often truculent and plain-spoken but diction and style are wide-ranging and finely modulated.
 Woodcutters (German title: Holzfällen) is a novel by Thomas Bernhard also published in 1985 in another English translation (by Ewald Osers) under the title Cutting Timber: An Irritation and originally published in German in 1984. Second in a trilogy covering the Arts this one relates to the theatre and created quite an uproar in Austria where it was banned as some Viennese personalities recognised themselves in the story.
 The Gardeners' Chronicle was a British horticulture periodical. It lasted as a title in its own right for nearly 150 years and is still extant as part of the magazine Horticulture Week.
 Sag Harbor is a 2009 novel by award-winning African American author Colson Whitehead.Sag Harbor takes place in Sag Harbor a small village in the exclusive Hampton Beaches of New York's Long Island. The novel's main character is Benji an African American teenager spending the summer in a black enclave of his predominately white and close-knit town along with his brother Reggie. Set in 1985 the novel touches on themes of race class and commercial culture.
 The Commonwealth Saga is a series of science fiction novels by British science fiction writer Peter F. Hamilton. This saga consists of the novels Pandora's Star (2004) and Judas Unchained (2005) preceded by Misspent Youth (2002) which takes place 340 years before Pandora's Star and Judas Unchained.
 You Don't Love Me Yet (2007) is a comic novel about alternative music from Jonathan Lethem set in modern Los Angeles.
 Advertising Age (or AdAge) is a magazine delivering news analysis and data on marketing and media. The magazine was started as a broadsheet newspaper in Chicago in 1930.
 The Railroad Man's Magazine was a pulp magazine which first published in October 1906 founded by Frank Anderson Munsey. A railroad man born in Maine in 1854 he moved to New York City in 1892 where he authored a few books and published periodicals and newspapers in many cities. The magazine's first offices were located in the Flatiron Building in New York City.
 Nationalism and Culture is a nonfiction book by German anarcho-syndicalist writer Rudolf Rocker. In this book he criticizes religion statism nationalism and centralism from an anarchist perspective.
 The Surgeon's Mate is a historical novel written by Patrick O'Brian and set during the Napoleonic Wars. It is the seventh book in the Aubrey–Maturin series.
 Chinglish is a play by Tony Award winner David Henry Hwang. It is a comedy about an American businessman desperate to launch a new enterprise in China which opened on Broadway October 27 2011 with direction by Leigh Silverman.
 One Amazing thing is a 2010 novel by award-winning novelist and poet Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni. It was first published in the USA in Voice by Hyperion 2009 and later published in Hamish Hamilton by Penguin Books India 2010.The novel is about a group of people who are trapped in a visa office after a massive earthquake and about how they try surviving in the dark place with no way out of the debris surrounding them.
 Nemesis is a science fiction novel by American writer Isaac Asimov. One of his later science fiction novels it was published in 1989 only three years before his death. The novel is loosely related to the future history into which he attempted to integrate his science fiction output[citation needed] connecting several ideas from earlier and later novels including non-human intelligence sentient planets (Erythro) and rotor engines (Fantastic Voyage II: Destination Brain).
 Laburnum for My Head (2009) is the collection of eight short stories by Indian author Temsula Ao. The stories are about the lives of people from the vibrant and troubled region of northeast India.The collection brought its author the 2013 Sahitya Akademi Award for English by the Sahitya Akademi India's National Academy of Letters.
 La Vanguardia is an Argentine newspaper founded by Socialist Party leader Juan B. Justo in 1894.
 Framed! is a 2010 children's novel written by Gordon Korman. It is the third installation in the Swindle series. It is the sequel to the book Zoobreak and it is the third book in the series.
 The Coffee With... biography series is a selection of books that contain fictional stories of many famous people but they are based on biographical fact. Some titles include Coffee With Marilyn(Marilyn Monroe) Coffee With Groucho (Groucho Marx) Coffee With The Buddha Coffee With Hemingway (Ernest Hemingway) and many more selections. They are published by DBP Publishing Company.
 The Musalman (Urdu: مسلمان‎) is the oldest Urdu-language daily newspaper published from Chennai in India. It is an evening paper with four pages all of which are handwritten by calligraphers before being mass-produced with a printing press. According to the Wired and The Times of India The Musalman is possibly the only handwritten newspaper in the world.
 Harvest Bay is a 1995 fantasy short story by Karen Attard.
 Providence Business News nicknamed PBN is a weekly business newspaper focusing on the economy in Rhode Island and Bristol County Massachusetts.The newspaper was founded in March 1986 by Robert C. Bergenheim who at the time was also publisher of the Boston Business Journal and published its first issue that May. His son Roger C.
 Every Day Fiction (ISSN 1918-1000) is a Canadian flash fiction magazine founded in 2007 and published by Every Day Publishing Ltd. It is currently published on a daily schedule.Every Day Fiction publishes flash fiction stories of all genres and podcasts stories that have a high level of appeal with their readers. Additionally they publish a yearly Best of Every Day Fiction anthology consisting of the 100 best stories appearing in the magazine that year.
 Starring Sally J. Freedman as Herself is a 1977 young adult novel by Judy Blume. The story is set in 1947 and follows the imaginative 10-year-old Sally who likes to make up stories in her head when her family moves from New Jersey to Miami Beach. While not as controversial as some of her other novels Blume does manage to address the following themes of late 1940s life in America: racism anti-Semitism and sibling rivalry.
 Viriconium is an omnibus collection of the entire Viriconium sequence by M. John Harrison. It consists of the three novels and all the short stories from the collection Viriconium Nights. It was published in 2000 by Orion Books as volume 7 of their Fantasy Masterworks series. Several of the stories first appeared in the magazines New Worlds and Interzone.
 Dreadnought: Britain Germany and the Coming of the Great War (1991) is a book by Robert K. Massie on the growing European tension in decades before World War I especially the naval arms race between Britain and Germany. A sequel covering the naval war between Germany and Britain Castles of Steel: Britain Germany and the Winning of the Great War at Sea was published in 2004.
 The Gernsback Continuum is a short story by William Gibson about a photographer who has been given the assignment of photographing old futuristic architecture. This architecture although largely forgotten at the time of the story embodied for the generation that built it their concept of the future. The eponymous Gernsback alludes to Hugo Gernsback a Pulp magazine science fiction publisher during the early 20th century.
 Lady Mechanika is a steampunk comic created by comic artist Joe Benitez.
 Blameless is a steampunk paranormal romance novel by Gail Carriger. First published in September 2010 by Orbit Books Blameless is the third book in a projected five-novel The Parasol Protectorate series each featuring Alexia Tarabotti a woman without a soul as its lead character. The book originally published as a mass-market paperback was a New York Times Best Seller.
 Fun Home (subtitled A Family Tragicomic) is a 2006 graphic memoir by American writer Alison Bechdel author of the comic strip Dykes to Watch Out For. It chronicles the author's childhood and youth in rural Pennsylvania United States focusing on her complex relationship with her father. The book addresses themes of sexual orientation gender roles suicide dysfunctional family life and the role of literature in understanding oneself and one's family.
 The Fall of the Templar is the third book of the Grey Griffins series written by American authors Derek Benz and J. S. Lewis and published by Orchard Books an imprint of Scholastic Press. The book centers upon the adventures of the Grey Griffins: a secret club of four best friends living in the fictional town of Avalon Minnesota.
 Kubrick the Dog is a 2011 non-fiction photography book by British director Sean Ellis. The book was released on February 28 2011 through Schirmer Books and focuses on the life of Ellis's dog Kubrick.
 Zest magazine was a monthly magazine for women looking for health beauty and fitness advice published in the United Kingdom by Hearst Magazines UK formerly Nat Mags.It ceased publication with the January 2014 issue.
 A Writing Kind of Day: Poems for Young Poets is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher illustrated by April Ward. It was first published in 2005.
 El Mañana (Early Morning) is a Spanish language newspaper published in Nuevo Laredo Tamaulipas Mexico. The newspaper was founded in 1924 by Heriberto Deandar Amador it is Nuevo Laredo's oldest newspaper currently still published. El Mañana uses the slogan La verdad sin fronteras (The truth without boundaries). El Mañana is also circulated in Laredo Texas United States.
 The Tiny Kite of Eddie Wing is a picture book written by Maxine Trottier and published in 1995. It tells the story of a boys love for flying kites and an old mans love for poetry.
 La Planète des singes known in English as Planet of the Apes or Monkey Planet is a French 1963 science fiction novel by Pierre Boulle. The novel inspired the Planet of the Apes film franchise.The novel tells the tale of three human explorers from Earth who visit a planet orbiting the star Betelgeuse in which great apes are the dominant intelligent and civilized species whereas humans are reduced to a savage animal-like state.
 The Wreck Of The Zanzibar is a children's novel by Michael Morpurgo. It was first published in Great Britain by William Heinemann Publishers in 1995. The book won the Whitbread Children's Book Award in 1995.
 The Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers theory and practice in all areas of intelligent systems and robotics. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Kimon P. Valavanis (University of Denver).
 The Magicians (2009) is a fantasy novel by Lev Grossman published by Viking Press. It tells the story of Quentin Coldwater a teenager from Brooklyn New York who discovers that the magical world he's read about in books is real. The review by The A.V.
 Charisma (also known as Charisma + Christian Life) is a monthly Christian magazine based in Lake Mary Florida a suburb of Orlando. It is aimed at Pentecostals and charismatics. Its perspective is influenced by the Word-Faith movement charismatic revivalism and other contemporary streams of charismatic Christianity such as the Toronto Blessing International House of Prayer and the Apostolic-Prophetic movement.
 The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga is written by ILYA. The book contains works by a variety of artists. The first book was released in North America by Running Press on 3 December 2006. It was licensed by Carroll & Graf Publishers before it was phased out by parent company Perseus Books Group. The second book was released in the United Kingdom by Constable & Robinson on 25 October 2005.
 Pantheon is an American comic book series written by Bill Willingham. The series was published by independent publisher Lone Star Press and is set in its own self-contained universe.The complete series was published in thirteen issues. The first six were published in 1998–1999. The next six were published in 2001. The final issue was published in May 2004.
 History Today is an illustrated history magazine. Published monthly in London since January 1951 it aims to present serious and authoritative history to as wide a public as possible. It covers all periods and geographical regions and publishes articles of traditional narrative history alongside new research and historiography.
 The Tragedy of Mister Morn is a verse drama by Russian novelist Vladimir Nabokov. The play is one of his first major works.The drama was written between 1923 and 1924 completed while Nabokov was living in Prague with his mother and sister as émigrés having fled Russia because of the October Revolution in 1917. Nabokov had experienced a personal tragedy the previous year when his father had been killed in Berlin while shielding fellow expatriate Pavel Milyukov from an assassination attempt.
 Johnny Thunders: In Cold Blood is the authorised biography of American singer and guitarist Johnny Thunders.
 Brazil is a 1994 novel by the American author John Updike. It contains many elements of magical realism. It is a retelling of the ancient tale of Tristan and Isolde the subject of many works in opera and ballet.Tristão Raposo a nineteen-year-old black child of the Rio slums spies Isabel Leme an eighteen-year-old upper-class white girl across the hot sands of Copacabana Beach and presents her with a ring stolen from an American tourist.
 Nocturnal is a novel and podcast by author Scott Sigler. The novel was originally released in 2007 in podcast format with a print format releasing in 2012 by Crown Publishing with some elements from the original version altered.
 The Cruel Sea is a 1951 novel by Nicholas Monsarrat.
 Dead Cert is Dick Francis' first novel published in 1962. Featured in the 2007 book 100 Must-Read Crime Novels. It was filmed by Tony Richardson in 1974.The title is a shortened form of It's a dead certainty in this case a play on words referring to the fact that the steeplechase horse Admiral should have won but his jockey died.
 The Stories of Ibis (アイの物語 Ai no Monogatari) is a Japanese science-fiction light novel by Hiroshi Yamamoto (山本 弘) and translated by Takami Nieda. Yamamoto considered this to be an easier read than his earlier science fiction novel 'God Never Keeps Silent' because of its light novel touch.The light novel was published in Japanese by Kadokawa Shoten and in English by Viz Media under their 'Haikasoru' imprint.The Stories of Ibis is told through a collection of short stories.
 When Helping Hurts: Alleviating Poverty Without Hurting the Poor. . . and Yourself is a 2009 non-fiction book by Steve Corbett and Brian Fikkert. The book was first published on June 24 2009 through Moody Publishers and explores and dissects common perceptions on poverty and the means to relieve it.
 The Dead of Jericho is a work of English detective fiction by Colin Dexter the fifth part of the Inspector Morse series which was subsequently the first of a highly successful series of television adaptations of the novels.
 The Gazzetta Chimica Italiana was an Italian peer-reviewed scientific journal in chemistry. It was established in 1871 by the Società Chimica Italiana but in 1998 publication ceased and it was merged together with some other European chemistry-related journals to form the European Journal of Organic Chemistry and the European Journal of Inorganic Chemistry.
 Hai Ti! was a comic strip that spreads the word about the ways that computers and the Internet can transform learners' and teachers' lives. It was created by SchoolNet Namibia. It was unique in being the first publication of its kind to be published under international Creative Commons rules in Namibia. The strip won third place at the World Summit Awards in 2005.The comic ceased publication in 2009 after SchoolNet fell out of favour with the Namibian government.
 Science Fiction Studies (SFS) is an academic journal founded in 1973 by R.D. Mullen. The journal is published three times per year at DePauw University. As the name implies the journal publishes articles and book reviews on science fiction but also occasionally on fantasy and horror when the topic also covers some aspect of science fiction as well.
 The Mark: The Beast Rules the World is the eighth book in the Left Behind series. It was published in November 2000 by Tyndale House. It was on The New York Times Best Seller List for 32 weeks. It takes place 42 months into the Tribulation and 3–25 days into the Great Tribulation.
 Bright Shiny Morning is a novel written by James Frey published in 2008. Set in Los Angeles it follows the lives of several characters: a married couple both celebrities named Amberton and Casey; a young couple Maddie and Dylan; a Mexican-American maid named Esperanza; a homeless man of Venice named Old Man Joe. The novel not only traces the lives of these main characters but also includes mini-profiles of other minor characters as well as facts concerning the county of Los Angeles.
 The Thief and the Dogs (Arabic: اللص والكلاب‎; El-lis's wa el-kilab) is one of the Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz's most celebrated works. He further developed his theme of existentialism using stream-of-consciousness and surrealist techniques It charts the life of Said Mahran a thief recently released from jail and intent on having his vengeance on the people who put him there.
 Demon Apocalypse is the sixth book in Darren Shan's The Demonata series. Darren Shan released the title of the book September 29 2007 at the Baeth Festival of Children's Literature. Darren Shan wished that nothing about this book not even the title be known to the public until late September close to the book's release.
 Vesti (Russian: Вести News) is an Israeli Russian-language daily newspaper. Based in Tel Aviv the paper is Israel's most widely read Russian-language paper and its only remaining daily paper in Russian. The paper was started in 1992 by Yedioth Ahronoth Group which remains its owner. It was very widely read in the 1990s but its sales have slumped more recently. The paper is politically right-wing and was edited by the refusenik Eduard Kuznetsov from 1992 to 1999.
 Vitamin C and the Common Cold is a popular book by Linus Pauling first published in 1970 on vitamin C its interactions with common cold and the role of vitamin C megadosage in human health. The book promoted the idea that taking large amounts of vitamin C could reduce the duration and severity of the common cold.
 Luminescence: The Journal of Biological and Chemical Luminescence is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original scientific papers short communications technical notes and reviews on fundamental and applied aspects of all forms of luminescence including bioluminescence chemiluminescence electrochemiluminescence sonoluminescence triboluminescence fluorescence time-resolved fluorescence and phosphorescence. The current editor-in-chief is L.J.
 Black Blossom (Serbian: Црни цвет / Crni cvet) is an epic high fantasy novel by Serbian writer Boban Knežević published in 1993. Originally written in Serbian the novel has been translated into English by Dragana Rajkov and published in U.S. by award-winning independent publishing house Prime Books in 2004.
 Swaraj is a 2012 book by the Indian social activist-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal who credits several people with writing it. Published in several languages including English Hindi and Malayalam the book questions the existing democratic framework in India and proposes a way how the people of India can achieve true Swaraj (self-rule).
 The Other Side is a children's picture book written by Jacqueline Woodson and illustrated by E. B. Lewis published in 2001 by G. P. Putnam's Sons.
 The Candle in the Wind is the fourth book from the collection The Once and Future King by T. H. White. It deals with the last weeks of Arthur's reign his dealings with his son Mordred's revolts Guenever and Lancelot's demise and his perception of right and wrong.
 The Book of the SubGenius: Being the Divine Wisdom Guidance and Prophecy of J.R. Bob Dobbs High Epopt of the Church of the SubGenius Here Inscribed for the Salvation of Future Generations and in the Hope that Slack May Someday Reign on This Earth (ISBN 0-671-63810-6) is seen as the bible of the Church of the SubGenius. It was compiled from the Church's ongoing zine publication The Stark Fist of Removal.
 Human Target is an espionage-related comic series written by Peter Milligan and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. The series was based on the Human Target character created in 1972 by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino. The original Vertigo miniseries yielded an original graphic novel and later an ongoing series.
 Shinjuku Swan (新宿スワン) is a manga series written and illustrated by Ken Wakui. It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series that aired in 2007 and it will also be adapted into a live action film.
 Ham Safar (Hindi: हमसफर)(Urdu: هم سفر‎) is a collection of poems by the Indian poet Ravindra Prabhat.Ham Safar depicts the interplay of human emotions thoughts and actions by taking mythological metaphors.
 Adventures Into the Unknown is an American comic-book series best known as the medium's first ongoing horror-comics title. Published by the American Comics Group initially under the imprint B&I Publishing it ran 174 issues (cover-dated Fall 1948 - Aug. 1967). The first two issues which included art by Fred Guardineer and others featured horror stories of ghosts werewolves haunted houses killer puppets and other supernatural beings and locales.
 Agaguk is the sixth novel written by Quebec author Yves Thériault. First published in 1958 it sold 300000 copies and was translated into seven languages.
 Living Other Lives is a novel by the American writer Caroline Leavitt set in 1990s New York City and Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of Lilly Bloom who after her fiance's accidental death just before their marriage drives his unruly daughter Dinah 15 from Manhattan to the Pittsburgh home of her deceased fiance's mother.
 Le Bal des Voleurs (Thieves' Carnival) is a play written by French playwright Jean Anouilh first staged at Théâtre des Arts Paris on 17 August 1938.
 The CommLaw Conspectus: Journal of Communications Law and Policy is a biannual student-run journal of legal scholarship published by The Catholic University of America Columbus School of Law.
 Truth and Bright Water is a coming-of-age novel by Thomas King set in the Canadian Prairies on the U.S./Canadian border. The novel embeds a number of magical features (such as the disappearing church) within painstakingly realist prose showing its affiliation with Magic realism.
 For discussion regarding the term strata as used in geology see stratum. See also Strata (disambiguation).Strata is a comic science fiction novel by Terry Pratchett.
 Cold Comfort Farm is a comic novel by English author Stella Gibbons published in 1932. It parodies the romanticised sometimes doom-laden accounts of rural life popular at the time by writers such as Mary Webb. Gibbons was working for the Evening Standard in 1928 when they decided to serialise Webb's first novel The Golden Arrow and Gibbons was given the job of summarising the plot of earlier instalments. Other novelists in the tradition parodied by Cold Comfort Farm are D. H.
 The Insufferable Gaucho (El Gaucho Insufrible 2003) is a collection of five short stories and two essays by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño (1953–2003). It was published in English in 2010 translated by Chris Andrews. During his lifetime Bolaño made his name as a writer of short stories and The Insufferable Gaucho collects a disparate variety of work.
 Soul Eater (ソウルイーター Sōru Ītā) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Atsushi Ōkubo. Set at the Death Weapon Meister Academy the series revolves around three teams each consisting of a weapon meister and (at least one) weapon that can transform into a humanoid.
 The Young Visiters or Mister Salteena's Plan is a 1919 novel by English writer Daisy Ashford.
 Bibliotheca Anatomica is a Latin-language human anatomy text edited by Daniel Le Clerc (or Daniel LeClerc) and Jean-Jacques Manget two physicians from Geneva. The work was published in Geneva by Sumptibus J. A.
 Journal of Sandwich Structures and Materials is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Materials Science. The journal's editor is Jack R. Vinson (University of Delaware). It has been in publication since 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Joshuan's Almanac & Book of Facts is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 The Red Peri is a collection of science fiction short stories by author Stanley G. Weinbaum. It was first published in 1952 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 1732 copies. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Amazing Stories Astounding and Thrilling Wonder Stories.
 Getting into Death and Other Stories is a collection of science fiction stories by Thomas M. Disch. It was first published by Knopf in 1976. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines New Worlds Antæus The Paris Review Transatlantic Review and Fantastic.
 Clinical Biochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the analytical and clinical investigation of laboratory tests in humans used for diagnosis molecular biology and genetics prognosis treatment and therapy and monitoring of disease ; the discipline of clinical biochemistry. It is the official Journal of the Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists.
 The Aware is the first book in The Isles of Glory by Glenda Larke in the style of an interview that took place much later than the events in the book.The Aware was a finalist in the 2003 Aurealis Awards fantasy division.
 It's Not Luck (1994) is a business novel and a sequel to The Goal. The plot continues to follow the advancement of the main character Alex Rogo through the corporate ranks of large manufacturer UniCo. Author Dr. Eliyahu M. Goldratt continues to teach the reader his thinking processes through the eyes of Alex Rogo as he learns from his mentor Jonah.
 Arte de la lengua mexicana is a little-known grammar of the Nahuatl language by Joseph Augustin Aldama y Guevara published in 1754.Aldama y Guevara's Arte is mostly derivative of previously published grammars of Nahuatl particularly Horacio Carochi's Arte de la lengua mexicana con la declaracion de los adverbios della.Aldama y Guevara marks the saltillo with a circumflex accent over the preceding vowel at the end of a word or a grave accent over the preceding vowel elsewhere and marks long vowels with an acute accent (in contrast to Carochi's macron).
 The Hidden Harbor Mystery is Volume 14 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate in 1935 purportedly by Leslie McFarlane; however the writing style is noticeably different from other books in the series known to have been written by McFarlane. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Britten and Brülightly is a British graphic novel written and illustrated by Hannah Berry and published by Random House under their Jonathan Cape imprint on April 3 2008.
 Look to the Lady is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published January 1931 in the United Kingdom by Jarrolds Publishing London and in the United States by Doubleday Doran New York as The Gyrth Chalice Mystery. It is the third novel featuring the mysterious Albert Campion accompanied once more by his butler/valet/bodyguard Magersfontein Lugg.
 Empire of Bones is a 2013 fantasy novel written by N.D. Wilson. It is the third installment in the Ashtown Burials series and a sequel to The Drowned Vault. The plot follows Cyrus and Antigone Smith through their greatest trial yet. With the help of decreasingly few allies the Smiths must find a way to beat the young Dr. Oliver Phoenix defeat Radu Bey along with the rest of the transmortals and restore the Order of Brendan.
 JJ is a Japanese fashion and lifestyle magazine published by Kobunsha. It was established in 1975 as an extra issue of Weekly Josei Jishin and was the first women's magazine for college students in Japan. Most readers of JJ are females between the ages of 17 and 26 and range from college students to office workers.[citation needed]JJ advises its readers to dress conservatively.
 Murder in the Mews and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Collins Crime Club on 15 March 1937 In the US the book was published by Dodd Mead and Company under the title Dead Man's Mirror in June 1937 with one story missing (The Incredible Theft); the 1987 Berkeley Books edition of the same title has all four stories. All of the tales feature Hercule Poirot.
 The Memoirs of a Survivor is a dystopian novel by Nobel Prize-winner Doris Lessing. It was first published in 1974 by Octagon Press. It was made into a film in 1981 starring Julie Christie and Nigel Hawthorne and directed by David Gladwell.
 Shōjo Sekai (少女世界) was one of the first shōjo magazines in Japan. It was published by Hakubunkan beginning in 1906 and was initially edited by renowned children’s author Sueo Iwaya (巌谷 孝雄) better known by the pen name Sazanami Iwaya (巌谷 小波). Shōjo Sekai was created as a sister magazine to Shōnen Sekai (少年世界 lit.
 H. P. Lovecraft: Against the World Against Life (French: H. P. Lovecraft : Contre le monde contre la vie) is a work of literary criticism by French author Michel Houellebecq regarding the works of H. P. Lovecraft.
 Hyouge Mono (Japanese: へうげもの Hepburn: Hyōge Mono lit. Jocular Fellow) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Yamada. It won an Excellence prize for manga at the 13th Japan Media Arts Festival and the Grand Prize at the 2010 Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize. It was adapted into an anime series in 2011. The official website was updated to reflect the change.
 The Quest for Saint Camber is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1986. It was the ninth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the third book in her third Deryni trilogy The Histories of King Kelson.
 Lush For Life was a bi-weekly comedy/satirical newspaper distributed in the Tampa Bay area. The newspaper was run by college students and targeted Universities and Community Colleges in the area.Lush For Life claimed a regional print circulation of 20000 and said it targeted the “prime demographic of 18 to 44 years olds.
 Recently My Sister is Unusual (最近、妹のようすがちょっとおかしいんだが。 Saikin Imōto no Yōsu ga Chotto Okashiin Da Ga.  lit. Lately My Little Sister's Been Acting A Bit Strange But.) also known as ImoCho (妹ちょ。) is a Japanese manga series by Mari Matsuzawa serialized in Fujimi Shobo's Monthly Dragon Age since November 9 2010. An anime television series premiered in Japan in January 2014.
 The Broken Kingdoms is the second book of the Inheritance trilogy written by N. K. Jemisin. It takes place ten years after the events of The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms and centers around a young woman named Oree Shoth who lives in the World Tree-shrouded godling-inhabited city of Shadow.
 The Linguistic Review is a double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal covering linguistics established in 1981 and published by Walter de Gruyter. The editor-in-chief is Harry van der Hulst (University of Connecticut).
 Shamo (軍鶏 or gamecock) is a Japanese action manga with a dark theme. It was discontinued in Weekly Manga Action due to creative differences but it is now being serialized in Evening. It tells a story of a boy who killed his parents and turned himself into a cold-blooded martial artist. The manga inspired a Hong Kong film adaptation that was released in 2007. After a long hiatus Shamo returned in the pages of Evening Magazine on the 27th July 2011.
 Nine (ナイン Nain) is a baseball manga series by Mitsuru Adachi. It was serialized in Monthly Shōnen Sunday Zōkan from the October 1978 through May 1979 issues. The series was adapted into three anime television films and a live-action television drama.
 Minerva The International Review of Ancient Art and Archaeology publishes features on exhibitions excavations and museums interviews travelogues auction reports news items and book reviews.Founded in 1990 by Dr Jerome Eisenberg Minerva is now the leading international journal covering ancient art and archaeology.
 Unnatural Exposure is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell. It is the eighth book in the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series. The story is set in Richmond Virginia and Ireland.
 The Central European Journal of Biology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in all fields of biology. It is published jointly by Versita and Springer Science+Business Media.
 The Other Place subtitled And Other Stories of the Same Sort is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by J. B. Priestley published in hardcover by Harper & Brothers and Heinemann in 1953. The title story original to the collection was adapted as an episode of the television series Westinghouse Studio One in 1958 starring Cedric Hardwicke as a sorcerer with chin whiskers
 Artist Profile is an international contemporary art magazine published in Sydney Australia.
 The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner is a morning daily newspaper serving the city of Fairbanks Alaska the Fairbanks North Star Borough the Denali Borough and the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area in the United States state of Alaska. It is the farthest north daily in the United States and one of the farthest north in the world. The oldest continuously operating daily in Alaska by circulation it is the second-largest daily in the state.
 A Buffalope's Tale is a 2010 fantasy novel by Philip Caveney. It is a prequel to the Sebastian Darke series.
 Peter and the Starcatcher is a play based on the 2006 novel of a similar name by Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson adapted for the stage by Rick Elice. The play provides a backstory for the character Peter Pan and serves as a prequel to J. M. Barrie's Peter and Wendy. After a premiere in California the play transferred to Off-Broadway in 2011 and opened on Broadway on April 15 2012.
 Into the Wild is a children's fantasy novel written by Kate Cary under the pseudonym Erin Hunter after concepts and outlines created and developed by Victoria Holmes. The novel was published by HarperCollins in Canada and the United States in January 2003 and in the United Kingdom in February 2003. It is the first novel in the Warriors series. The book has been published in paperbackand e-book formats in twenty different languages.
 The Epistulae morales ad Lucilium (English: Moral Epistles to Lucilius) is a collection of 124 letters which were written by Seneca the Younger at the end of his life. They are addressed to Lucilius the then procurator of Sicily although he is known only through Seneca's writings.
 Heredity is a scientific journal concerned with heredity in a biological sense i.e. genetics. It was founded by R.A. Fisher and C. D. Darlington in 1947. It is the official journal of The Genetics Society.From 1996 the publishing was taken over by Nature Publishing Group (who also publish Nature Genetics).The Journal of Heredity is an entirely distinct publication. It was founded in 1903 and is currently published by the Oxford University Press.
 Fluke or I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings is the seventh novel by Christopher Moore. Published in 2003 it combines elements of absurdist and fantasy fiction as well as the author's own brand of social commentary and humor.
 The Riders is a novel by Australian author Tim Winton published in 1994. It was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1995.
 New Music Weekly is a nationally distributed trade magazine for the radio and music industries. Following the tradition of Bill Gavin and the Gavin Report New Music Weekly interprets data from the Spins Tracking System for music industry executives and artists across the United States.
 The Argus-Press is a daily newspaper published in Owosso Michigan. The names comes from two preceding papers: the Evening Argus and Press-American which merged in 1916. The paper's earliest antecedent is the Owosso American which was founded in 1854.
 Itsuwaribito (いつわりびと◆空◆ Itsuwaribito Utsuho) is a manga series created by Yuuki Iinuma. The manga officially ended on August 20 2013 with a total of 222 chapters and 23 volumes.
 The Red Pony is an episodic novella written by American writer John Steinbeck in 1933. The first three chapters were published in magazines from 1933–1936 and the full book was published in 1937 by Covici Friede. The stories in the book are tales of a boy named Jody Tiflin. The book has four different stories about Jody and his life on his father's California ranch. Other main characters include Carl Tiflin - Jody's father; Billy Buck - an expert in horses and a working hand on the ranch; Mrs.
 Neon City Magazine is a Las Vegas Valley based magazine that profiles entertainment fashion nightlife and the Las Vegas Lifestyle.The magazine was founded by Michael J Giglia and Matthew J. Pawlak.
 Americanah is a novel by the Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. Published in 2013 by Alfred A. Knopf it tells the story of a young Nigerian woman who emigrates to America for a university education. The book was selected as one of the 10 Best Books of 2013 by the editors of the New York Times Book Review. It won the 2013 National Book Critics Circle Award (Fiction) and was shortlisted for the 2014 Baileys Women's Prize for Fiction.
 Clean Tech Nation: How the U.S. Can Lead in the New Global Economy is a 2012 book written by Ron Pernick and Clint Wilder. The book surveys the expansion of clean technology and renewable energy over the past decade. It tracks the growth of wind power and solar photovoltaics and shows that these markets grew 20 fold from 2000 to 2010. Factors which are driving the global expansion of clean tech are identified as are the new economic opportunities which are being created.
 Advances in Atmospheric Sciences is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal co-published by Springer Science+Business Media and Science Press. It covers research on the dynamics physics and chemistry of the atmosphere and oceans including weather systems numerical weather prediction climate dynamics and variability and satellite meteorology. It was established in 1984. The editors-in-chief are D. Lü H. Wang (Chinese Academy of Sciences) and M. Xue (University of Oklahoma.
 Deleuze Studies is a triannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press with the support of the Centre for Critical and Cultural Theory at Cardiff University. It is an interdisciplinary journal that focuses exclusively on the work of Gilles Deleuze.
 A Quiver Full of Arrows is a 1980 collection of twelve short stories by British writer and politician Jeffrey Archer. 	From London to China and New York to Nigeria Jeffrey Archer takes the reader on a tour of ancient heirlooms and modern romance of cutthroat business and kindly strangers of lives lived in the realms of power and lives freed from the gloom of oppression. Fortunes are made and squandered honor betrayed and redeemed and love lost and rediscovered. (Worldcat.org)↑
 Altüst (Upsidedown in Turkish) is a political magazine currently published in Turkey.
 The Bozeman Daily Chronicle is a daily newspaper published in Bozeman Montana.Founded in 1883 the paper was originally a weekly. Since 1996 the Chronicle has been published each morning and its first Saturday edition was published in 1997. The paper converted to a morning publication with a new design in April 1996.
 Fablehaven is a fantasy book written by Brandon Mull. The book was released on July 30 2006. It is the first book in the Fablehaven series.
 The Herald Bulletin is a daily newspaper serving Anderson Indiana and adjacent areas northeast of Indianapolis. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Anderson's two separate newspapers began operating as one company in 1949 publishing the Anderson Herald founded as a weekly in 1868 in the morning and Anderson Daily Bulletin founded 1885 Madison County's oldest surviving daily newspaper in the afternoon.
 The Marysville Globe is a newspaper based in Marysville Washington USA.
 Swell Foop is the twenty-fifth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Jack was an English language British lad mag.
 Liberality and Prodigality (A Pleasant Comedie shewing the contention betweene Liberalitie and Prodigalitie also known as Contention between Liberality and Prodigality) is a morality play by an unknown author from c.1567. Its title page also reads: As it was played before her Maiestie. London Printed by Simon Stafford for George Vincent and are to be sold at the signs of the Hand in hand in Wood-street over against S.
 Time For Yesterday is a novel by A. C. Crispin set in the fictional Star Trek Universe. It is a sequel to Crispin's earlier novel Yesterday's Son and describes a second encounter between the crew of the USS Enterprise and Spock's son Zar.The two books followed the original series episode All Our Yesterdays and Time For Yesterday is subtitled The Yesterday Saga Book 2.
 A Field Guide to Nests and Eggs of Australian Birds is a guide to the identification of the nests and eggs of Australian birds authored by Gordon Beruldsen.
 Slavic Voice of America (Russian: Голос Славян Америки) is a Newspaper Radio Program and Web Portal serving 10 million Russian-speaking American and Canadian immigrants and their families from countries of the former Soviet Union including some non-Slavic countries like Estonia Latvia and Lithuania. Published by Genesis Press Inc registered in Dallas Texas.
 Reluctant Guru is a book by R. K. Narayan published in 1974 by Orient Paperbacks. The book consists entirely of discursive essays some of which were his weekly contributions to The Hindu. Some of the essays relate to the topic of his American stay describing with his characteristic irony the expectations of Americans that he would show them the key to the spiritual life of Indians. One criticism of the book is that the essays were too short and therefore lacking in depth.
 The Rats (1974) is a horror novel written by British writer James Herbert. This was Herbert's first novel and included graphic depictions of death and mutilation. A film adaptation was made in 1982 called Deadly Eyes. A 1985 adventure game for the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum based on the book was published by Hodder & Stoughton Ltd and produced by Five Ways Software Ltd. The Rats was followed by two sequels Lair and Domain.
 Testarotho (テスタロト Tesutaroto) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kei Sanbe. The manga is licensed in English by CMX Manga. The manga is licensed for a French-language release by Vegetal Soleil.
 The Irish Press (Irish: Scéala Éireann ) was an Irish national daily newspaper published by Irish Press plc between 5 September 1931 and 25 May 1995.
 Cursed Earth Asylum is an original novel written by David Bishop and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd. It is Bishop's second Judge Dredd novel. At the time of publication (1994) Bishop was editor of the Judge Dredd Megazine.
 All Out Cricket is a monthly cricket magazine. Launched in April 2004 it is edited by Phil Walker.
 Frozen Assets is a British radio play. Clive Mantle starred in it.
 GQ is the Indian edition of the American monthly men's magazine called GQ. It is the 15th international edition of GQ and is published by Condé Nast India Pvt. Ltd. a 100% owned subsidiary of Condé Nast International. Condé Nast was the first international publisher to obtain 100% ownership of its Indian subsidiary after regulatory changes in 2005 permitted 100% foreign direct investment in non-news and current affairs publications.
 Twilight Children is the twenty-first book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 The Irresponsible Captain Tylor (無責任艦長タイラー Musekinin Kanchō Tairā) is an anime series based on The Most Irresponsible Man in Space (宇宙一の無責任男 Uchū Ichi no Musekinin Otoko) light novel series by Hitoshi Yoshioka. It was produced by some of Japan's larger studios including Big West Tatsunoko Production King Records and VAP.Tylor consists of a 26-episodes TV series created by Kōichi Mashimo and a sequel OVA series of 10 episodes directed by Mashimo and Naoyuki Yoshinaga.
 The Village is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1939. This book was the first of a trilogy that included Across the Black Waters and The Sword and the Sickle. The plot centers around India's political structure specifically the British rule and the independence movement.
 Orca is the seventh book in Steven Brust's Vlad Taltos series set in the fantasy world of Dragaera. Originally published in 1996 by Ace Books it was republished in 2003 along with Athyra in the omnibus The Book of Athyra. Following the trend of the Vlad Taltos books it is named after one of the Great Houses and features that House as an important element to its plot.
 Hospital Station is a 1962 science fiction book by author James White and is the first volume in the Sector General series. The book collects together a series of five short stories previously published in New Worlds magazine between 1957 and 1960.
 Candle in the Wind was a 1941 Broadway three act drama written by Maxwell Anderson produced by The Theatre Guild and the Playwrights' Company and directed by Alfred Lunt. Jo Mielziner created the scenic and lighting design. It ran for 95 performances from October 22 1941 to January 10 1942 at the Shubert Theatre. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1941-1942.
 The Dermis Probe is a book by the writer Idries Shah published Octagon Press in 1970. A paperback edition was published in 1989 and again in 1993. The stories presented in the book are also available in an audio format.Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such The Dermis Probe can be read as part of a whole course of study.
 The Haunted Bookshop is the 1919 novel by Christopher Morley now in the public domain in the United States.
 The Press-Telegram is a daily newspaper published in Long Beach California. The Press-Telegram's precursor the Press was first published in 1897. The Press was purchased in the early 20th century by Charles H. Prisk and William F. Prisk Charles being the owner and William the editor and publisher.
 Poetry Flash (founded 1972) is a literary magazine and website based in the San Francisco Bay Area; it has been called an institution in the Bay Area's literary culture. It publishes literary reviews poetry interviews and essays as well as an extensive calendar of literary activities on the west coast of the United States.Poetry Flash is a non-profit corporation. The printed version presently has a tabloid format appears quarterly and has a print run of 22000 copies.
 That Hideous Strength (subtitled A Modern Fairy-Tale for Grown-Ups) is a 1945 novel by C. S. Lewis the final book in Lewis's theological science fiction Space Trilogy. The events of this novel follow those of Out of the Silent Planet and Perelandra (also titled Voyage to Venus) and once again feature the philologist Elwin Ransom. Yet unlike the principal events of those two novels the story takes place on Earth rather than in space or on other planets in the solar system.
 Al-Kawsar is a monthly Bengali Islamic magazine in Bangladesh. The magazine is published from Markazud Dawah Al-Islamia Dhaka. Mawlana Abdul Hai Paharpuri is the adviser of the magazine. It was first published on February 2005 ( Muharram 1426 AH). The website of Al-Kawsar has been launched on December 2010. Mufti Abul Hasan Muhammad Abdullah serves as editor of the magazine.
 Hakikat (Avar: XӀакъикъат lit. Truth) is the main Avar language newspaper published in Dagestan.Previous names: 1979-1918: XӀакъикъат (Truth)1918-1920: ХӀалтӀулел чагӀи (Working People)1920-1921: БагӀараб байрах (Red Flag)1921-1934: БагӀарал мугӀрул (Red Mountains)1934-1951: МагӀарул большевик (Bolshevik of the mountains)1951-1957: Дагъистаналъул правда (Dagestani Truth)1957-1990: БагӀараб байрах (Red Flag)Among the authors published by the newspaper was Rasul Gamzatov.
 Journal of Physics G: Nuclear and Particle Physics is a peer-reviewed journal that publishes theoretical and experimental research into nuclear physics particle physics and particle astrophysics including all interface areas between these fields.The editor-in-chief is Professor Achim Schwenk Technische Universität Darmstadt Germany.
 Two Hundred Years Together (Rus. Двести лет вместе Dvesti let vmeste) is a 2-volume historical essay by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. It was written as a comprehensive history of Jews in the Russian Empire the Soviet Union and modern Russia between the years 1795 and 1995 especially with regard to government attitudes toward Jews.Solzhenitsyn published this two-volume work on the history of Russian-Jewish relations in 2001 and 2002.
 Artist Acro (アーティスト アクロ Aateisuto Akuro) is a shōnen manga by Ato Sakurai. The manga began its serialization in Shōnen Sunday from 2008 vol. 31 and has recently finish its run.
 Banco is a 1973 autobiography by Henri Charrière it is a sequel to his previous novel Papillon. It documents Charrière's life in Venezuela where he arrived after his escape from the penal colony on Devil's Island.Banco like its predecessor is an autobiography although there are some questions about how much of the content is fictional. Continuing straight from Papillon Banco tells of Henri's stubborn efforts to bring justice to those who sent him on his perilous mission.
 Sholay: The Making of a Classic is a 2000 book written by Anupama Chopra on a Bollywood classic Sholay (1975). The book was released in 2000 by Penguin Books India. The book is based on the making of the film shooting. The book initially sold 10000 copies and won the 2001 National Film Award for Best Book on Cinema.
 Novel with Cocaine or sometimes Cocain Romance (rus. Роман с кокаином - Roman s kokainom) is a mysterious Russian novel first published in 1934 in a Parisian émigré publication Numbers and subtitled Confessions of a Russian opium-eater. Its author was given as M. Ageyev. The English translation of the title fails to convey the double meaning of the Russian Роман meaning both novel and romance.
 Algebraic & Geometric Topology is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by Mathematical Sciences Publishers.Established in 2001 the journal publishes articles on topology.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.68 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.624.
 Betrayals is the sixth book in the series of original science fiction novels based on the Emmy Award-winning series Babylon 5 created by J. Michael Straczynski. This book is authored by S. M. Stirling
 Always Room for One More is a book by Sorche Nic Leodhas that won the Caldecott Medal for excellence in American children's literature illustration in 1966. It tells the tale of Lachie MacLachlan a generous Scottish man. While he lives in a small hut with his wife and ten children he always welcomes in any weary traveler who walks by on a stormy night. This story is based on an old Scottish folk song.
 The Cat and the King (1981) is a work of historical fiction about the court of French King Louis XIV (1638–1715) by novelist Louis Auchincloss. The novel's narrator—Louis de Rouvroy the second Duc de Saint-Simon—was a real-life French noble who observed life at the court and recorded in his memoirs all that he saw and felt about the reign of the Sun King.
 The Four Immigrants Manga also known as Manga of the Four Students (漫画四人書生 Manga Yonin Shosei) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Henry Yoshitaka Kiyama. The manga was published as 52 episodes with each episode as a two-page-spread with the intention of serialization in a Japanese language newspaper. The individual episodes were self published by Kiyama as a one-shot manga by in 1931. It was republished in Japan by Shimpu in August 2012.
 Health Policy and Technology is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 2012 and is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Fellowship of Postgraduate Medicine for which it is one of two official journals the other being the Postgraduate Medical Journal. It covers health policy and development assessment of clinical and cost effectiveness and implementation of all types of medical technology including drugs devices diagnostics and eHealth platforms.
 Such a Long Journey is a 1991 novel by Rohinton Mistry. It was shortlisted for the Booker Prize and won several other awards. In 2010 the book made headlines when it was withdrawn from the University of Mumbai's English syllabus after complaints from the family of the Hindu nationalist politician Bal Thackeray.
 Weiß Survive (ヴァイス・サヴァイヴ Vaisu Savaivu) is a card battle manga and anime created by Bushiroad. The manga was drawn by Takuya Fujima and was serialized in Bushiroad's Bushiroad TCG Magazine. A 16-episode anime television series aired from June 5 2009 to September 18 2009 as a short segment on the live action television series Card Gakuen. A 12-episode sequel titled Weiß Survive R aired from December 4 2009 to March 26 2010 also on Card Gakuen.
 The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer is a 1990 spin-off novel from the television series Twin Peaks by Jennifer Lynch. Lynch then aged 22 is the daughter of series co-creator David Lynch.
 Black Hawk Down: A Story of Modern War is a 1999 book by Mark Bowden that chronicles the United States Army Rangers 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment 10th Mountain Division Delta Force Navy SEALs and UN forces attempt to capture Somali warlord Mohamed Farrah Aidid in Mogadishu and the intense battle that resulted between U.S. forces and local militia and citizens.
 The Last Wish (Polish: Ostatnie życzenie) is the first of the two collections of short stories (the other being Sword of Destiny - Miecz przeznaczenia) preceding the main Witcher Saga written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Sapkowski. The first Polish edition was published in 1993[citation needed] the first English edition in 2007.
 Perlycross: a tale of the western hills is a three-volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1894. The story is set in eastern Devon around 1830.
 The Blank Page is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1970s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rust Belt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).
 On Guns and Hunting is a collection of non-fiction outdoor literature and one short story by Donald Hamilton.
 The Journal of Political Ecology is an annual open access peer-reviewed academic journal covering political ecology. It was established in 1994 by James B. Greenberg and Thomas K. Park (University of Arizona) to experiment with online formats and to showcase new work in the emerging field of political ecology. The editors-in-chief besides Greenberg and Park are Simon P.J.
 Fax from Sarajevo: A Story of Survival is a nonfiction graphic novel by veteran American comic book artist Joe Kubert published in 1996 by Dark Horse Comics. The book originated as a series of faxes from European comics agent Ervin Rustemagić during the Serbian siege of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 I'm Losing You is a 1996 novel by the American novelist screenwriter and director Bruce Wagner. Wagner adapted his novel for and directed a 1998 film of the same title starring Frank Langella and Daniel von Bargen. The film adaption grossed $12688 in limited release.
 Just This Once is a 1993 romance novel written in the style of Jacqueline Susann by a Macintosh IIcx computer named Hal in collaboration with its programmer Scott French. French reportedly spent $40000 and 8 years developing an artificial intelligence program to analyze Susann's works and attempt to create a novel that Susann might have written.
 Chanakya's Chant (2010) is a novel written by Indian author Ashwin Sanghi. Sanghi a Yale University graduate wrote the book two years after his first novel The Rozabal Line (2008) was released in India. Chanakya's Chant was released on January 26 2011 and entered all major Indian national bestseller lists within two months. It reached #1 on India-Today's bestseller list on April 4 2011. On June 19 2011 UTV Software Communications announced that it had acquired the movie rights.
 WAtoday is an online newspaper focusing its coverage on Perth and Western Australia. It was established on 10 June 2008 and is owned and run by Fairfax Digital a subsidiary of the Fairfax Media group.WAtoday employs ten journalists in Perth. It was formerly located in the same building as Fairfax Radio 6PR at 169 Hay Street East Perth but is now based in Subiaco. It is in competition with the online services provided by The West Australian.
 Night Thoughts of a Classical Physicist is an historical novel by historian of science Russell McCormmach published in 1982 by Harvard University Press. Set in 1918 the book explores the world of physics in the early 20th century—including the advent of modern physics and the role of physicists in World War I—through the recollections of the fictional Viktor Jakob.
 The Brown Daily Herald is the student newspaper of Brown University in Providence Rhode Island. It is financially and editorially independent of the University and publishes Monday through Friday during the academic year with additional issues during commencement summer and orientation. Established in 1866 and published daily since 1891 The Herald is the second-oldest student newspaper among America's college dailies.
 The Northern Reaches is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. This book describes the land known as the Northern Reaches which lie on the eastern seaboard of the D&D game's Known World also known as Mystara.
 Uncommon Women and Others (1977) is the first play by noted 20th century American playwright Wendy Wasserstein.
 Mars Life is a science fiction novel by Ben Bova. This novel is part of the Grand Tour series of novels. It was first published in 2008 and is a sequel to Ben Bova's novel Return to Mars.
 Burma Today is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (1939) is a short story by James Thurber. The most famous of Thurber's stories it first appeared in The New Yorker on March 18 1939 and was first collected in his book My World and Welcome to It (Harcourt Brace and Company 1942).
 Stowaway to the Mushroom Planet is the second in the series of Mushroom Planet books by Eleanor Cameron and was published in 1956 two years after the original.This children's book is set in a beach community in California as well as on a tiny habitable moon -- Basidium -- in an invisible orbit 50000 miles from Earth. The Mushroom Planet visited by the protagonists David and Chuck is covered in various types of mushrooms and is populated by little green people.
 Lecture Demonstration is a short story by Hal Clement. It was first published in Astounding: The John W Campbell Memorial Anthology in 1973.
 Hakuba no Ōji-sama (ハクバノ王子サマ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yukizou Saku. It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series.
 North & South – The Official Magazine of the Civil War Society was a military history and general history bi-monthly magazine published in the United States concerning the American Civil War 1861–1865. As its title states it was the official magazine of the Civil War Society. It was often referred to as just North & South. Keith Poulter is the magazine's founder and editor.
 Eleven Kids One Summer is a children's novel written by Ann M. Martin in 1991. It is the sequel to Ten Kids No Pets.
 ReadyMade (or Ready Made) was a bimonthly magazine which focused on do it yourself (DIY) projects involving interior design making furniture home improvement sewing metalworking woodworking and other disciplines. It also focused on sustainable design independent music and DIY culture.
 The Light at Tern Rock is a children's novel by Julia Sauer. Illustrated by Georges Schreiber it was first published in 1951 and received a Newbery Honor award in 1952.When Ronnie and his aunt agree to take care of the lighthouse at Tern Rock while the keeper takes a break they do not expect to be spending Christmas there.
 De Pers (literal translation: The Press) was a freely distributed Dutch language tabloid newspaper in the Netherlands with a circulation of around 200000. Its competitors were Metro and Sp!ts. The first edition of De Pers was published on January 23 2007 and its last edition was published March 30 2012.
 Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth is a book by Iranian-American writer and scholar Reza Aslan. It is a historical account of the life of Jesus and analyzes the various religious perspectives on Jesus as well as the creation of Christianity.
 A Fort of Nine Towers is an autobiography by Qais Akbar Omar. It is based on the sufferings of the people of Afghanistan during the present war in Afghanistan. It was first published in 2013 by Farrar Straus and Giroux New York. Qais the author of A Fort of Nine Towers reveals that his work is actually inspired by the works of Khaled Hosseini. It is a non-fiction work and tells us the author's story in war-bound Afghanistan and how he survives it.
 The World Journal for Pediatric and Congenital Heart Surgery is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Cardiovascular Disease. The journal's editor is Marshall Jacobs MD (Center for Pediatric and Congenital Heart Diseases Cleveland Clinic). It has been in publication since 2010 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with World Society for Pediatric and Congenital Heart Surgery.
 Latin American Policy (LAP): A Journal of Politics and Governance in a Changing Region is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization and the Instituto Tecnológico de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey Santa Fe. The journal was established in 2010 with editor-in-chief Isidro Morales Moreno (Tecnológico de Monterrey. The journal focuses on public policy and political science in Latin America.
 Poverty & Public Policy is a quarterly e-only peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization. The journal was established in 2009 with editor-in-chief Max J. Skidmore (University of Missouri at Kansas City). The journal focuses on research related to poverty welfare and economic inequality worldwide.
 The Brunist Day of Wrath is Robert Coover's tenth novel. It is a sequel to The Origin of the Brunists which told the story of Giovanni Bruno the lone survivor of a mine disaster that killed 97 of his co-workers and the first several months of the apocalyptic cult that formed around him ending in their disastrous scattering.
 206 Bones is the twelfth novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 The Perfect Storm is a creative nonfiction book written by Sebastian Junger and published by W. W. Norton & Company in 1997. The paperback edition (ISBN 0-06-097747-7) followed in 1999 from HarperCollins' Perennial imprint.
 Midnight Tales was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series created by Wayne Howard and published by Charlton Comics from 1972 to 1976. The book was hosted by Professor Coffin (a.k.a. The Midnight Philosopher) and his niece Arachne.
 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is a play adapted by Simon Stephens from the novel of the same name by Mark Haddon. During its premiere run the play tied the record for winning the most Olivier Awards (seven) including Best New Play at the 2013 Awards ceremony.Susannah Clapp of The Observer wrote in 2013 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time was one of the most original shows and startling successes at the National last year.
 Tribal Scars is a collection of short stories by Senegalese author Ousmane Sembène. It was originally published in French as Voltaique.
 Azerbaijan International is a magazine that discusses issues related to Azerbaijanis around the world. It was established in 1993 shortly after the dissolution of the Soviet Union when Azerbaijan gained its independence. Since then it has been published quarterly in English with occasional articles in the Azerbaijani language in Latin and Arabic scripts. The magazine has offices in Los Angeles and Baku.Each issue includes about 100-colored pages and relates to a specific theme.
 SWA is a well-known biweekly business magazine based in Jakarta Indonesia. Published in 1985 it has significantly attacted thousands readers across archipelago.
 Threshold is a 1990 novel by Chris Morris and Janet Morris. It is the first book of its namesake trilogy.In a futuristic world Earth is now a preserve. A captain is transported 500 years into the future and onto Threshold which is a space habitat. Here he meets with the daughter of a Muslim leader one of many who are being kept from their travel to Mecca.
 Cakalele: Maluku Research Journal/Majalah Penelitian Maluku is an academic journal that publishes the results of research about Maluku and Maluku communities in Indonesia and the Netherlands. The journal chronicles the growth of Maluku in humanities and the sciences as it expands geographically. Cakalele is stored on the ScholarSpace institutional repository of the University of Hawaii at Manoa. The journal was founded by linguist James T. Collins.
 Low Temperature Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of low temperature physics. The journal publishes original articles review articles brief communications memoirs and biographies. The editor-in-chief is Victor V. Eremenko. The journal is a translation of the Russian journal Fizika Nizkikh Temperatur.
 Faster than a Kiss (キスよりも早く Kisu yori mo Hayaku) is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Meca Tanaka. The series has been serialized in Hakusensha's monthly shōjo manga magazine LaLa since March 2007. The series concluded on October 2012 with twelve volumes published.
 The Portsmouth Herald (and Seacoast Sunday) is a seven-day daily newspaper serving greater Portsmouth New Hampshire. Its coverage area also includes the municipalities of Greenland New Castle Newington and Rye New Hampshire; and Eliot Kittery Kittery Point and South Berwick Maine.Unlike most New England daily newspapers The Herald's circulation grew in the 2000s.
 The Mystery At Lilac Inn is the fourth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1931 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. Mildred Wirt Benson was the ghostwriter for the 1931 edition. In 1961 the book was revised as a completely different story; the original omitted the lead characters from much of the action the titular Inn was only a place where a crime was committed with minor investigatory follow-up and a domestic help sub-plot was out-of-place in 1961.
 Close Range: Wyoming Stories is a 1999 collection of short stories written by E. Annie Proulx. The stories are set in the desolate landscape of rural Wyoming and detail the often grim lives of the protagonists. The best known story from the collection is Brokeback Mountain which was previously published as a 64-page novella in 1998.
 Blind Trek is a book in the Aussie Chomps collection by Australian author Jim Kennedy. It is his first book and draws on his experience growing up close to Condamine in inland Queensland. Many of the adventures undergone by the main characters in Blind Trek have been experienced by Jim or his four brothers and two sisters. Or his four sons. Or his countless nephews on their family property Binbian Downs.The book was released on 5 February 2007. Main characters are Hilton and Tim.
 Ahead of the Curve: Two Years at Harvard Business School (in the United Kingdom and elsewhere the book is called What They Teach You at Harvard Business School: My Two Years in the Cauldron of Capitalism) is a non-fiction book by author and journalist Philip Delves Broughton. It was published by Penguin Press in 2008. The book covers the author's two year experience at the Harvard Business School (HBS).
 El Medio which in Spanish means The Middle is an online publication about the Greater Middle East which is meant to represent the continuous territory roughly delimited by Mauritania to the west and Pakistan to the east.
 Trial by Fire is a book written by attorney Gerry Spence which recounts the events surrounding the libel lawsuit brought by former Miss Wyoming Kim Pring against Penthouse Magazine in 1980. Pring had been sexually ridiculed in Hustler magazine after becoming Miss Wyoming and Spence argued that her right to privacy as a non-public persona had been violated.
 Dynamo 5 is a fictional comic book superhero team created by writer Jay Faerber and artist Mahmud A. Asrar which appears in an eponymous series published by Image Comics. The team first appeared in Dynamo 5 #1 (Jan. 2007). The monthly series ended with issue #25 (Oct. 2009). The team has also appeared in a 2010 miniseries Dynamo 5: Sins of the Father and the one-shot Dynamo 5 Holiday Special 2010 (Dec.
 Neko Rahmen (猫ラーメン Neko Rāmen) also known as Neko Ramen is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga created by Kenji Sonishi. The comedy centers around a cat (Taishō) and his encounters while running a ramen shop.The yonkoma series has been adapted into a TV flash anime produced by Think Corporation with 26 episodes to date.
 Glasul (English: The Voice) known later as Glasul Naţiunii (English: The Nation's Voice) was the first newspaper in the Republic of Moldova to appear in the Latin alphabet during the dying years of the Soviet Union. Glasul Naţiunii was founded in 1988 by Leonida Lari.
 Illustrations of the Family of the Psittacidae or Parrots contains 42 lithographs with original hand painted colour by Edward Lear.Lear started painting parrots in 1830 when he was 18 years old and by 1832 he had published 42 paintings of parrots as lithographic plates bound together as a book. A total of 175 books were made of which about 100 survive today. He painted live parrots at the London Zoo and some in private collections.
 Transparent Stained-Glass Windows (Prozrachnye Vitrazhi Прозрачные Витражи [Russian]) is the third story in the Labyrinth trilogy of cyberpunk novels written by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko. Originally published online the story features two endings both of which are included when it was printed in the Atomic Dream anthology.
 A Visitation of Spirits is a 1989 novel by Randall Kenan.
 Steve Jones' book Almost like a Whale is a modern introduction to Charles Darwin's Origin of Species and closely follows its structure. It won the 1999 BP Natural World Book Prize.An American version was published as Darwin's Ghost: The Origin of Species Updated (ISBN 978-0-375-50103-6).The title refers to Darwin's observation that a bear swimming in a lake and catching insects in its mouth might conceivably evolve over time into a creature almost like a whale.
 Building a Better Business is a book on the future of marketing management and motivation written by the futurist Patrick Dixon in 2006. Dr Patrick Dixon has been ranked as one of the 20 most influential business thinkers alive today (Thinkers 50 2005) and is author of 11 other books including Futurewise.The thesis of the book is the need to connect with passion to deliver results. Give people a convincing reason and they will lay down their very lives.
 The Hastings Tribune is a newspaper published in Hastings Nebraska. The newspaper is put out six days a week excluding Sundays. It serves ten counties in south central Nebraska and north central Kansas.In 2011 its circulation was 9356.
 Sharpe's Rifles was the first prequel novel in the series written by Bernard Cornwell. It tells the story of Richard Sharpe and the French Invasion of Galicia January 1809. Written ninth the book naturally fits before Sharpe's Eagle which was the first to be written although the later novel Sharpe's Havoc is set between the two.
 An Illustrated Book of Bad Arguments is a book on critical thinking written and directed by Ali Almossawi and illustrated by Alejandro Giraldo. The book describes 19 logical fallacies using a set of illustrations in which various characters participate. The online version of the book was published under a Creative Commons license on July 15 2013. The print edition was released on December 5 2013 and is also shared under a Creative Commons license.
 The Cumberland Law Review is a law review published by the students at Cumberland School of Law in Birmingham Alabama. Founded in 1970 the Review publishes three issues a year with each issue averaging between 150 and 200 pages. Each issue consists of any combination of tributes articles essays notes and comments. Generally an issue includes at least one article note and comment.
 The Delectable Country is an historical novel by the American writer Leland Baldwin (1897–1981) set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The Whiskey Rebellion is brewing in the 1790s as protagonist David Braddee aged nineteen pilots his foster father's keelboat to a difficult landing at the frontier town of Pittsburgh after a trip up the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers from New Orleans.
 Pirate King is a 2011 mystery novel by American author Laurie R. King. Eleventh in the Mary Russell series the story features married detectives Mary Russell and Sherlock Holmes.Sent to Lisbon and Morocco where British studio Fflytte Films are creating a silent film version of The Pirates of Penzance undercover Mary Russell investigates a series of crimes targeting the production and confronts a high-stakes situation when actual pirates orchestrate a hostage situation.
 The Things They Carried is a collection of short stories by Tim O'Brien about a platoon of American soldiers in the Vietnam War. It was first published by Houghton Mifflin in 1990. Many of the characters are semi-autobiographical sharing similarities with characters from his memoir If I Die in a Combat Zone Box Me Up and Ship Me Home. O'Brien dedicated The Things They Carried to the men of the Alpha Company with whom he fought during the war.
 Report on the Barnhouse Effect is the first short story written and published by Kurt Vonnegut. It originally appeared in the February 11 1950 issue of Collier's Weekly. In 1952 the story was included in the science fiction anthology Tomorrow the Stars edited by Robert A. Heinlein. It is also part of the collection Welcome to the Monkey House published in 1968.The story was adapted for broadcast on NBC's Dimension X radio program. The episode first aired on April 8 1950.
 Mostar is a monthly magazine of culture and actuality. It began publishing in March 2005. Its name originates from Stari Most in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
 Freddy Plays Football (1949) is the 16th book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. In it Freddy and the Bean animals try to convince the Beans that Mrs. Bean’s long lost brother is a fake. Freddy lands in jail for stealing the money the fake is attempting to take. In the meanwhile Centerboro is taken with football fever on account of Freddy's playing.
 Jumper is a 1992 science fiction novel by Steven Gould. The novel was published in mass market paperback in October 1993 and re-released in February 2008 to coincide with the release of the film adaptation. It tells the story of David a teenager who escapes an abusive household using his ability to teleport.
 East of the Mountains is a novel by American author David Guterson first published in 1999 and in paperback in 2000. His second full novel it marks something of a change of pace from the taut courtroom drama of Snow Falling on Cedars (1994) being primarily focused on the chance actions and introspective musings of its protagonist over the course of a few days.
 London Opinion and Today often known as London Opinion was a British magazine published from 1903 until 1954 when it was merged with Pearson's Men Only. It ran weekly from 26 December 1903 to 27 June 1939 and was then published monthly until April 1954.
 Sport Ekspres is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Blackstar is a science-fiction novel written by seven-time award-winning author Josh Viola (The Bane of Yoto) based on the Wish Upon a Blackstar album by American electronic rock artist Celldweller.
 Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance (精霊使いの剣舞 Seirei Tsukai no Bureidodansu lit. Spirit Elementalist's Blade Dance) is a light novel series written by Yū Shimizu with illustrations by Hanpen Sakura. A manga adaptation illustrated by Hyōju Issei serialization in the September 2012 issue of Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive. The first volume was released on February 23 2013. An anime television series adaptation by TNK is scheduled to air from July 2014.
 The Journal of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes papers in the field of nutrition and dietetics. The editor-in-chief is Kelly A. Tappenden. It was established in 1977 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on in association with the American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
 Brain Droppings is a 1997 book by comedian George Carlin. This was Carlin's first real book and contains much of Carlin's stand-up comedy material. According to the cover the book contains jokes notions doubts opinions questions thoughts beliefs assertions assumptions and disturbing references and comedy nonsense satire mockery merriment sarcasm ridicule silliness bluster and toxic alienation.
 Grenko spoznanje is a novel by Slovenian author Darja Hočevar. It was first published in 2007.
 Lone Peak Lookout is a newspaper in Big Sky Montana USA. It is published by Pioneer News Group.
 The Doomsters is a 1958 mystery novel written by Ross Macdonald the seventh book in the Lew Archer series. Many sources agree that this book marked a turning point in the series wherein Macdonald abandoned his imitations of Raymond Chandler and Dashiell Hammett and found his own voice.
 Not This August also known as Christmas Eve is a science fiction novel by C.M. Kornbluth. It was originally published in 1955 by Doubleday. It was serialized in Maclean's Magazine (Canada) in May and June 1955. A revised edition with a new foreword and afterword by Frederik Pohl was published in 1981 by Tor Books ISBN 0-523-48518-2. The title comes from author Ernest Hemingway's Notes on the Next War.
 Riven Rock is a 1998 novel by American author T. Coraghessan Boyle. It concerns the life of Stanley McCormick a son of Cyrus McCormick inventor of the reaper and Stanley's devoted wife Katherine McCormick daughter of Wirt Dexter a prominent Chicago lawyer.The locale of most of the story is Riven Rock an estate located near Montecito Santa Barbara County California and owned by the McCormick family.
 How I Met My Husband is a short story written by Alice Munro first published in 1974 as a part of her collection Something I've Been Meaning to Tell You.
 Good Times is a free-circulation weekly newspaper based in Santa Cruz California. Good Times is distributed in Santa Cruz County a coastal area that includes Capitola Rio del Mar Aptos and Watsonville. It is owned by Metro Newspapers.Good Times was founded by Jay Shore in 1975. In 1988 Shore sold the paper to Independent Newspapers of New Zealand. In 1998 Independent Newspapers sold Good Times to Central Valley Publishing later renamed Pacific-Sierra Publishing.
 The Blonde the Brunette and the Vengeful Redhead is a one-woman play by Australian playwright Robert Hewett. It is presented as a series of eight individual monologues by seven characters who were affected by the actions of Rhonda Russell the first character in the play. It was published by Currency Press in 2007.The play was premiered at the Stables Theatre in Sydney Australia in 2004. It was later produced at other theatres in Australia New Zealand Switzerland Canada and the US.
 Mechanix Illustrated was an American magazine founded in the first half of the 20th century to compete against the older Popular Science and Popular Mechanics.
 The Unexpected was a DC Comics fantasy-horror comic book series a continuation of Tales of the Unexpected. It ran 118 issues #105 (February-March 1968) to #222 (May 1982).
 The Telegraph is an American daily newspaper published in Alton Illinois serving the St. Louis Metro-East region. It is owned by Civitas Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.It was founded in 1836 as the Alton Telegraph by Lawson A. Parks. It is published seven days a week. Until the 1970s the Telegraph was known as the Alton Daily Telegraph and then the Alton Evening TelegraphIn 1969 the Alton Telegraph was sued for defamation by a local builder James C. Green.
 Sensual Phrase (Japanese: 快感 フレーズ Hepburn: Kaikan Furēzu) is a shōjo manga series created by Mayu Shinjo. The manga was published by Shogakukan in Shōjo Comic between 1997 and 2000 and collected in 18 bound volumes. It was adapted as a 44-episode anime television series by Studio Hibari and as a series of novels.
 Bhorer Kagoj (Bengali: দৈনিক ভোরের কাগজ Bhorer Kagoj' Dawn's Paper) is a major Bengali language daily newspaper published from Dhaka Bangladesh.
 Shakespeare: The World as Stage is a biography of William Shakespeare by author Bill Bryson. The 199-page book is part of Harper Collins' series of biographies Eminent Lives.
 Summer Brave is a play by William Inge a revision of his Pulitzer Prize-winning 1953 play Picnic.
 Emerge was a monthly news magazine that was published from 1989 to 2000. Its primary focus was on issues of interest to African Americans. In 2000 Time said Emerge was the nation's best black newsmagazine for the past seven years the St. Louis Post-Dispatch described it as the premier source for intellectual discussion on issues affecting African-Americans and the New York Amsterdam News wrote that it had no rival for cutting edge news for and about the Black community.
 Child of the Dark Prophecy is the first novel in The Great Tree of Avalon trilogy by T. A. Barron. It is set in a world made up of a great tree and its seven roots inhabited by creatures.
 The Time Traveler's Wife is the debut novel of American author Audrey Niffenegger published in 2003. It is a love story about a man with a genetic disorder that causes him to time travel unpredictably and about his wife an artist who has to cope with his frequent absences and dangerous experiences. Niffenegger frustrated in love when she began the work wrote the story as a metaphor for her failed relationships.
 The Grand Wheel is the eighth science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley. The novel follows Cheyne Scarne a professor of randomatics as he is selected by the eponymous organization (which holds a galactic monopoly on games of chance) to represent humanity in a card game with infinitely varying rules. The name of the main character appears to be a reference to John Scarne.
 The Devil in Iron is one of the original stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian first published in Weird Tales in August 1934. Howard earned $115 for the publication of this story.The plot concerns the resurrection of a mythical demon due to the theft of a sacred dagger and an unrelated trap that lures Conan to the island fortress roamed by the demon.
 Peter Griffin's Guide to the Holidays is an American humor book about Family Guy written by executive producer Danny Smith. The book was first published on 23 October 2007. The book consists of a monologue by Peter Griffin discussing his various memories of Christmas and other subjects related to the holiday.
 I riddarnas spår (in Swedish: In Footprints of the Knights) is a non-fictional book by Norwegian-Swedish fantasy author Margit Sandemo which deals with De svarta riddarna that was at the time newest of the series of novels by her. By autumn 1999 she had written 107 books during the last seventeen years and decided have a holiday next seven weeks from writing. She hired a house from Costa Blanca Spain but two days after beginning of the holiday she began wtiting of the next series of novels.
 Design World is an American trade magazine (Business-to-Business/B2B) published monthly to 40000 BPA Audited focused on reaching OEM design engineers as well as includes over 25 different websites that cover all aspects of design engineering and renewable energy.Design World is written by engineers who focus on specific industries including medical packaging semiconductor material handling & off-highway and have a design focus in motion control fluid power sensors robotics mechatronics 3DCAD advanced materials test & measurement energy fastening and joining simulation green engineering networks and digital manufacturing / rapid prototyping.Design World also has a large online communities managing 20 websites including Design World Online 3D CAD World and MCAD Central. 
 Chain of Pearls (真珠の鎖 Shinju no Kusari) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Kanan Minami. The story revolves around the love triangle between two high school association football players and their club manager Hisa.
 Something About Cats and Other Pieces is a collection of fantasy horror and science fiction short stories poetry and essays by American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1949 and was the fourth collection of Lovecraft's work published by Arkham House.The stories for this volume were selected by August Derleth.
 The Lonely Man of Faith is a philosophical essay written by Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik first published in the summer 1965 issue of Tradition and published in a newly revised edition in 2011 by Koren Publishers Jerusalem.In The Lonely Man of Faith Soloveitchik reads the first two chapters of Genesis as offering two images of Adam which are in many ways at odds with one another.
 Ghost Rider: Road to Damnation is a six issue comics miniseries starring the supernatural biker superhero Ghost Rider. It is written by Garth Ennis illustrated by Clayton Crain and was first published under the Marvel Knights imprint of Marvel Comics from 2005 to 2006. Although Road to Damnation was the title of the story the title of the book was simply Ghost Rider when it was first published.
 Monsoon is a 1999 novel by Wilbur Smith.
 While I Was Gone is the 1999 novel by Sue Miller and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in May 2000.While I Was Gone was later made into a TV movie for CBS in 2004 based on the novel.
 Neuromancer is a 1984 novel by William Gibson a seminal work in the cyberpunk genre and the first winner of the science-fiction triple crown — the Nebula Award the Philip K. Dick Award and the Hugo Award. It was Gibson's debut novel and the beginning of the Sprawl trilogy. The novel tells the story of a washed-up computer hacker hired by a mysterious employer to pull off a truly righteous hack.
 Pattern for Conquest is a science fiction novel by author George O. Smith. It was published in 1949 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies of which 2000 were bound in paperback for an Armed Forces ediition. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Astounding in 1946.
 Maggie's Way is a 1981 American novel written by Martha Barron Barrett.
 Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty is an autobiography of 2006 Nobel Peace Prize Winner and Grameen Bank founder Muhammad Yunus. This book shares the details of Yunus’ early life moving into his college years and into his years as a professor at Chittagong University. In 1976 Yunus incorporated the help of Maimuna Begum to collect data of people in Jobra who were living in poverty depending on the credit of moneylenders.
 ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS) is a quarterly scientific journal that aims to disseminate the latest findings of note in the field of numeric symbolic algebraic and geometric computing applications. It has been published since March 1975 by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) a premier scientific and educational society on computer science and computational technology in the USA.
 Silicon Snake Oil: Second Thoughts on the Information Highway is a 1995 book written by Clifford Stoll where he discusses his ambivalence regarding the future of how the internet will be used and sets the tone in the preface by apologizing to those who expect a consistent position from me.
 The Free Press is a daily newspaper published in Mankato Minnesota.
 Cookie is a children's novel written by prolific author Jacqueline Wilson published in October 2008 by Doubleday. It is illustrated as are most of her books by Nick Sharratt. The book was released on 9 October 2008.The book was age-banded (as 9+) by the publisher despite Wilson's opposition to the practice.
 Keep the Aspidistra Flying first published in 1936 is a socially critical novel by George Orwell. It is set in 1930s London. The main theme is Gordon Comstock's romantic ambition to defy worship of the money-god and status and the dismal life that results.
 God's Puzzle (神様のパズル Kamisama no pazuru) is a 2002 Japanese novel by Shinji Kimoto. It has been adapted into a web manga series and a live-action film.
 Flashing Swords! #5: Demons and Daggers is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter.
 The Crooked Hinge is a mystery novel (1938) by detective novelist John Dickson Carr. It combines a seemingly impossible throat-slashing with elements of witchcraft an automaton modelled on Maelzel's Chess Player and the story of the Tichborne Claimant.In a poll of 17 detective story writers and reviewers this novel was voted as the fourth best locked room mystery of all time. The Hollow Man also by John Dickson Carr was voted the best.
 In 1881 Phules' major critique of the joint exploitation of the Kshudra and Anti-Kshudra peasantry by the British and Brahman allieance in the bureaucracy Shetkaryaca Asud(The Whipcord of the Cultivators) was published.This book is written to give an exposition of a few of the numerous reasons connected with the religion and politics that have put the Shudra farmers in such a pitiable condition today.
 Fermina Márquez is a short novel in twenty chapters written by French writer Valery Larbaud. It was considered for the Prix Goncourt in 1911 but did not win. Nonetheless it is still considered to be a minor classic of French Literature and one of Larbaud's best known works along with his Diary of A.O.
 Doomsday is a novel by Warwick Deeping which was published in 1927.Set in post-1918 rural Sussex the story revolves around a girl with aspirations to leave her small town as well as her relationship with a man living on a local acreage known as the Doomsday Farm. The novel was developed into a movie of the same name which was released in 1928 and which starred Florence Vidor and Gary Cooper.
 Atmospheric Research is a scientific journal dealing with the part of the atmosphere where meteorological events occur; intended for atmospheric scientists (such as meteorologists and climatologists) aerosol scientists and hydrologists. It is a highly international journal with attention given to all processes extending from the earth surface to the tropopause but special emphasis continues to be devoted to the physics of clouds and precipitation i.e.
 A Fortunate Life is an autobiography by Albert Facey published in 1981 nine months before his death. It chronicles his early life in Western Australia his experiences as a private during the Gallipoli campaign of World War I and his return to civilian life after the war. It also documents his extraordinary life of hardship loss friendship and love.During the initial days of its publication Albert Facey became a nationwide celebrity.
 The Cask of Amontillado (sometimes spelled The Casque of Amontillado) is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in the November 1846 issue of Godey's Lady's Book.The story is set in a nameless Italian city in an unspecified year and is about the narrator's deadly revenge on a friend who he believes has insulted him.
 The European Journal of Inorganic Chemistry is peer-reviewed scientific journal covering inorganic chemistry. The journal was established in 1998 as the result of a merger of: Chemische Berichte/Recueil Bulletin de la Société Chimique de France Bulletin des Sociétés Chimiques Belges Gazzetta Chimica Italiana Anales de Química Chimika Chronika Revista Portuguesa de Química ACH-Models in Chemistry
 Wrong about Japan is a 2004 book by Peter Carey. It is subtitled A Father's Journey with his Son.Superficially a piece of travel writing Wrong About Japan is a partially fictionalized account of Carey's cultural investigation of Japan alongside his son Charley.
 Preacher’s Boy is a 1999 children's historical novel written by American novelist Katherine Paterson. Set in Vermont during in 1899 the story focuses on Robbie Hewitt the rambunctious 10-year-old child of a small town preacher and brother of simple-minded Elliot. Elliot has autism and many times Robbie wishes he was dead. Robbie is always being silly and tries at the beginning of the book to kill one of the Weston Brothers. The Weston brothers are the sons of the richest men in town.
 Italian Hours is a book of travel writing by Henry James published in 1909. The book collected essays that James had written over nearly forty years about a country he knew and loved well. James extensively revised and sometimes expanded the essays to create a more consistent whole. He also added two new essays and an introduction.
 Negative Dialectics (German: Negative Dialektik) is a 1966 book by Theodor W. Adorno.
 Bhṛṅgadūtam (Sanskrit: भृङ्गदूतम्) (2004) literally The bumblebee messenger is a Sanskrit minor poem (Khaṇḍakāvya) of the Dūtakāvya (messenger-poem) genre composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950-). The poem consists of 501 verses in the Mandakrāntā metre divided in two parts.
 Nature India is an online publication by Nature Publishing Group (NPG) that highlights research being produced in India in science and medicine. The international website was launched in February 2008.
 The Londonderry Sentinel is a newspaper based in Derry Northern Ireland. It is published by Johnston Publishing (NI) a holding company of Johnston Press and William Allen is the current editor. The Roe Valley Sentinel is an edition of the paper and combined they have a circulation of 4955.The paper was originally titled the Londonderry Sentinel and North West Advertiser and was first published on 19 September 1829 at the price of 5d (five pence).
 The Journal of Pain & Palliative Care Pharmacotherapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering advances in acute chronic and end-of-life symptom management. It is published both in print and electronically (online). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Medline/PubMed and EMBASE among others.
 Autumn Laing is a 2011 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller.
 Gekkan Shōnen Jets (月刊少年ジェッツ) was a magazine in Japan that featured shōnen manga. It was published monthly by Hakusensha starting in October 1981 and is now defunct.
 Garga Horā is a very ancient treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology. Its author Ṛṣi Garga is one of the sages of the Purāṇika times. He was the son of Ṛṣi Bharadvāja. There are 8 Siddhāntas of Hindu astrology they are – Brahmā Sūrya Soma Vasiṣṭhta Pulastya Romaka Arya and Garga Siddhāntas – the last named is named after the author of Garga Horā and Garga Saṁhitā and with whom Jyotiṣa is associated.
 Scientology: The Now Religion is a non-fiction book on Scientology written by George Malko. The book was the first full length analysis of the history surrounding the founding of the Church of Scientology and L. Ron Hubbard. The author conducted interviews with members and provides analysis about certain practices. The book was published in 1970 in Hardcover format by Delacorte Press and then in a paperback edition in 1971 by Dell Publishing.
 A Life too Short:The Tragdey of Robert Enke is a 2012 biography by Ronald Reng about Hannover 96 captain and Germany goalie Robert Enke who committed suicide on 10 November 2009.
 300 is a historically inspired 1998 comic book limited series written and illustrated by Frank Miller with painted colors by Lynn Varley.The comic is a fictional retelling of the Battle of Thermopylae and the events leading up to it from the perspective of Leonidas of Sparta. 300 was particularly inspired by the 1962 film The 300 Spartans a movie that Miller watched as a young boy. The work was adapted in 2006 to a film of the same name.
 Monocle is a global affairs and lifestyle magazine 24-hour radio station website and media brand all produced by Winkontent Ltd. It was founded by Tyler Brûlé a Canadian entrepreneur Financial Times columnist and previously founder of Wallpaper* magazine. Described by CBC News reporter Harry Forestell as a meeting between Foreign Policy and Vanity Fair the magazine provides a globalist perspective on international affairs business culture design and fashion.
 The Passion According to G.H. (A paixão segundo G.H.) is a mystical novel by Brazilian writer Clarice Lispector published in 1964. The work takes the form of a monologue by a woman identified only as G.H. telling of the crisis that ensued the previous day after she crushed a cockroach in the door of a wardrobe. Its canonical status was recognized in 1988 by its inclusion in the Arquivos Collection the UNESCO series of critical editions of the greatest works of Latin American literature.
 Kolme katku vahel is a novel by Estonian author Jaan Kross. It was first published in 1970. Main character of the historical novel is Balthasar Russow (1536–1600) one of the most important Livonian and Estonian chroniclers.
 People is a weekly Australian lad's mag published by Bauer Media Group. It has been published since the 1950s. It is not to be confused with the gossip magazine known by that name in the United States; that magazine is published under the name Who in Australia.People focuses on celebrity interviews and scandal glamour photography sex stories sent in by readers puzzles crosswords and a jokes page.People was the first weekly magazine in Australia to feature topless models.
 The Seattle Union Record was a union-owned newspaper edited by Harry Ault. The paper was published weekly from February 20 1900 to April 2 1918 and was published daily from April 24 1918 until it discontinued publication in 1928. In its own words the newspaper was Published for Principle and Not for Profit.
 The Washington Informer is a weekly newspaper published in Washington D.C. the capital of the United States. The Informer is woman-owned and serves the African-American population of the D.C. metropolitan area.At the 2011 Second Annual Ethnic Media Awards competition the Informer received first-place honors for feature writing and local news.
 Dark Swan is a novel sequence by Richelle Mead. The novels center on Eugenie Markham a shaman; the shapeshifting Kiyo her boyfriend; and Dorian the king of the fairies. Iron Crowned the third novel in the sequence came out in February 2011.
 Total Carp is a magazine published in the UK by David Hall Publishing Ltd (Editor Marc Coulson) containing mostly articles of interest to carp fishermen.The Complete History Of Total Carp MagazineTo understand the complete history of Total Carp the world's biggest-selling carp fishing magazine you have to travel back in time to 1996 when Jim Foster first joined DHP as deputy editor of Catchmore Carp.DHP bought Catchmore Carp from its previous owner and publisher Tim Hodges who stayed on board as editor for a short period. 
 Neko Janai mon! (ネコじゃないモン!) is a manga series by Kentarō Yano which ran in Young Jump magazine from 1982 until 1985. The story follows the romance of Naoko Miyamoto (宮本尚子 Miyamoto Naoko) a young artist attending art college and Yokokawa (横川) a crass young man attending the same college. Because of a bad experience with a kitten when she was young (she saw one get killed) Miyamoto is scared of being around cats. Despite her fear a local cat adopts her.
 The Last Camel Died at Noon is the sixth in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody. Although most of the Amelia Peabody series are fairly hardboiled historical detective stories Last Camel is an exception and satirizes adventure novels in the tradition of Henry Rider Haggard. The title of this book is identical to the first sentence of the 1981 thriller The Key to Rebecca by Ken Follett.
 The New Prime is a science fiction novelette written by Jack Vance and first published in the February 1951 issue of Worlds Beyond as Brain of the Galaxy.
 The Beatles: The Fab Four Who Dominated Pop Music for a Decade is a 1975 biography compiled by Robert Burt more popular for its 1983 revision (ISBN 0-907812-27-9). The book describes in depth the story of The Beatles from early Beatle days to their 1970 break-up as well as individual biographies for their solo years. The book was published in 1975 by Octopus Books and in 1983 by Treasure Press. The book also glimpses at their film career with pictures and descriptions of each film.
 The Black Spectacles (published in the US as The Problem of the Green Capsule with the subtitle Being the psychologist's murder case) first published in 1939 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery (or more properly a subset of the locked room mystery called an impossible crime story).
 The Ghost War is the second John Wells thriller by The New York Times writer Alex Berenson.In The Faithful Spy John Wells became the only American CIA agent ever to penetrate al-Qaeda but his handlers became distrustful of him and he of them. He had to stop a devastating terrorist attack nearly alone.Now Wells is back in Washington D.C.. His wounds have healed but his mind is far from clear. He is restless uneasy in his skin and careless with his safety.
 The Memorial is a 1932 English novel by author Christopher Isherwood. The novel tells the story of an English family's disintegration in the days following World War I. Isherwood's second published novel this is the first of his works for which he adapted his own life experiences into his fiction.
 Kauppalehti (English: Trade Newspaper) is a commerce-oriented newspaper in Finland owned by Alma Media. It is published 5 times a week (Monday to Friday). Its website acts as an important hub for the business community receiving in the order of 700000 unique visitors per week.
 Young Animal Arashi (Japanese: ヤングアニマル嵐 Hepburn: Yangu Animaru Arashi) is a Japanese magazine featuring seinen manga. It is released the first Friday of every month in B5 format by Hakusensha publishing firm.
 Double Dexter is the sixth novel written by Jeff Lindsay and the sixth book in the 'Dexter Morgan' book series about a serial killer who targets serial killers. The book was released on October 18 2011.
 The Krishna Key is a 2012 anthropological thriller by Indian author Ashwin Sanghi and is his third novel. The book follows a history professor that has to prove his innocence against a murder charge.
 Res Publica is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of moral legal social and political philosophy. It was established in 1995 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editors-in-chief are Philip Cook (University of Edinburgh) and Sune Lægaard (Roskilde University).
 The Manitoban is the official student newspaper at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg Manitoba. Published for the first time on November 5 1914 the Toban as it is called for short is one of the oldest and largest (by circulation and budget) student newspapers in Canada.The tabloid-sized paper is published monthly during the summer and every Wednesday during the regular Fall-Winter university session.
 Gacha Gacha (ガチャガチャ Gachagacha) is a shōnen manga by Hiroyuki Tamakoshi. As of November 2008 the first 13 volumes have been published in North America by Del Rey Manga. However according to the Anime News Network the series ended in Japan at volume 11 of the second season. The reason for this discrepancy is likely because the series is broken up into two story arcs essentially two different unrelated stories the first being Capsule and the second being Secret.
 Who Fears Death (DAW 2010) by Nnedi Okorafor is a novel with science fiction and fantasy elements that was published in 2010. It was awarded the 2011 World Fantasy Award for Best Novel as well as the 2010 Carl Brandon Kindred Award for an outstanding work of speculative fiction dealing with race and ethnicity.
 MilK Magazine (France) is a contemporary children's fashion and lifestyle quarterly magazine based in Paris France.
 Current Pharmaceutical Design is a peer-reviewed medical journal which covers issues related to pharmacology and medicinal chemistry. Each issue is devoted to a single major therapeutic area. For each issue an executive editor is chosen who is an acknowledged authority in that field.
 Damned Good Show is a 2002 novel by Derek Robinson concerning the actions of Bomber Command of the Royal Air Force in the first two years of the Second World War. It is the third book of Robinson's RAF Quartet which began with Piece of Cake in 1983 and continued with A Good Clean Fight in 1993. Skull Skelton a character in those earlier novels is one of the protagonists of Damned Good Show.
 Oyster is an international fashion beauty music and pop-culture title established in Australia in 1994 and published bi-monthly. The magazine features exclusive international fashion editorial interviews and extensive music and art editorial. Oyster showcases the work of leading photographers and young up-and-coming talent from around the world and is renowned for its avant-garde approach to style.Monica Nakata and Jonathan Morris are the publishers of Oyster.
 Cults in Our Midst: The Hidden Menace in Our Everyday Lives is a nonfiction psychology book on cults by Margaret Singer and Janja Lalich Ph.D. with a foreword by Robert Jay Lifton. The book was published by Jossey-Bass in 1996 in hardcover format.
 Fablehaven: Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary is the fourth novel in the The New York Times' bestselling Fablehaven series.
 Conan the Indomitable is a fantasy novel written by Steve Perry featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1989; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in September 1990.
 The World Is Not Enough published in 1999 is the fifth novel by Raymond Benson featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond based on the 1999 film of the same name. It was only the second James Bond novel copyrighted by Ian Fleming Publications (formerly Glidrose Publications). It was published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.
 Advanced Science Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by American Scientific Publishers. The editor-in-chief is Hari Singh Nalwa. Publishing formats include full papers short communications and special sections consisting of various formats. The journal was established in June 2008.
 Expedition is a science fiction book by artist-author Wayne Douglas Barlowe. Subtitled Being an Account in Words and Artwork of the 2358 A.D.
 It's Halloween is a picture book written by Jack Prelutsky and illustrated by Marylin Hafner published in 1977. The book is a collection of children's poems with a Halloween theme.
 The Jolly Corner is a short story by Henry James published first in the magazine The English Review of December 1908. One of James' most noted ghost stories The Jolly Corner describes the adventures of Spencer Brydon as he prowls the now-empty New York house where he grew up. He encounters a sensation more complex than had ever before found itself consistent with sanity.
 La Segunda (English: The second one) is a Chilean afternoon daily owned by El Mercurio SAP.Their tendency is conservative is the first Chilean newspaper to disclose information that occurred in the morning because it is evening.
 The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences (French: Les Mots et les choses: Une archéologie des sciences humaines) is a 1966 book by the French philosopher Michel Foucault. It was translated into English and published by Pantheon Books in 1970.
 Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances is a compilation novel comprising three separate stories that intertwine with one another. It was released on October 2 2008 through Speak. The stories are The Jubilee Express by Maureen Johnson A Cheertastic Christmas Miracle by John Green and The Patron Saint of Pigs by Lauren Myracle. The book follows three different teenagers as they experience a huge snow storm in the town of Gracetown during the Christmas season.
 The Sibley Guide to Bird Life and Behavior‏ is a book by David Allen Sibley that shows readers how birds live and what they do. It is different from most field-identification guides that birdwatchers carry around; rather than help identify birds it helps watchers gain a deeper understanding of the birds they have already identified.
 L'Esclusa (English: The Excluded Woman) was Luigi Pirandello's first novel. Written in 1893 with the title Marta Ajala it was originally published in episodes in the Roman newspaper La Tribuna from the 29th of June to the 16th of August 1901 with the definitive title L'Esclusa. It was finally republished in single volume in 1908 in Milan by the Fratelli Treves.
 This article is about a book on bioelectromagnetism. A book on Kirlian photography by Thelma Moss has a similar title.The Body Electric: Electromagnetism and the Foundation of Life is a book by Robert O. Becker and Gary Selden in which Becker an orthopedic surgeon at SUNY Upstate working for the Veterans Administration described his research into our bioelectric selves.The book was first published by William Morrow and Company in 1985.
 This article is about the 1918 book Ravished Armenia as well as the 1919 film Auction of Souls based on the autobiographical bookRavished Armenia full title Ravished Armenia; the Story of Aurora Mardiganian the Christian Girl Who Survived the Great Massacres is a book written in 1918 by Arshaluys (Aurora) Mardiganian about her experiences in the Armenian Genocide.A Hollywood film based on it was filmed in 1919 under the title Auction of Souls (which also became to be known as Ravished Armenia based on the book it was adapted from). 
 The Hunger Games is a 2008 science fiction novel by the American writer Suzanne Collins. It is written in the voice of 16-year-old Katniss Everdeen who lives in the dystopian post-apocalyptic nation of Panem in North America. The Capitol a highly advanced metropolis exercises political control over the rest of the nation.
 The Paradoxes of Mr. Pond is G. K. Chesterton's final collection of detective stories published after his death in 1936. Of the eight mysteries seven were first printed in the Storyteller magazine. The Unmentionable Man was unique to the book.The stories revolve around a civil servant named Mr. Pond (we are not told his first name). He is described as a very ordinary and fish-like man who has a habit of startling those who meet him with outrageous paradoxical statements.
 Shade's Children is a young adult science fiction novel by Garth Nix. It was first published in 1997 by HarperCollins.
 Auto-da-Fé is a short story by Roger Zelazny from Harlan Ellison's science fiction anthology Dangerous Visions. The plot concerns a bullfight where the bull has been replaced by a car-fight and the bullfighter by mechadors who combats a robotized Chevrolet or Pontiac. It has been reprinted at least 40 times in at least 4 languages.The title is a play on words involving the phrases auto-da-fé and automobile.
 The Other Queen is a novel by British author Philippa Gregory released in the United Kingdom in September 2008 and the United States in October 2008. It was released in Australia in June 2008. It covers the period of Mary Queen of Scots' long imprisonment in England.
 Avotaynu The International Review of Jewish Genealogy is a magazine that focuses on Jewish genealogy and family history published by Avotaynu Inc. (Bergenfield New Jersey). It was established in 1985. An index to the first 24 volumes is available. The magazine gets its name from the Hebrew word avotaynu which literally means our fathers but has come to mean ancestors.
 Les Deux étendards (The two banners) is a 1952 novel by the French writer Lucien Rebatet. The narrative is partly autobiographical and set in Lyon in the 1920s. It follows two young men who are in love with the same woman; one of them is to become a Jesuit priest while the other—the author's alter ego—is a fierce agnostic.Rebatet began to write the novel in 1942 and continued to write it in Sigmaringen where he fled together with the Vichy government in 1944.
 Hypertension is a monthly peer reviewed scientific journal established with the 1979 (Jan. & Feb.) issue (vol. 1) and published by the American Heart Association (AHA). The Editor in Chief is Anna F.
 Traveling on One Leg (German: Reisende auf einem Bein) is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller published in German in 1989 by Rotbuch Verlag.
 Novaya Gazeta (Russian: Новая газета translated as New Gazette) is a Russian liberal opposition newspaper well known in the country for its critical and investigative coverage of Russian political and social affairs. Four Novaya Gazeta journalists including Yury Shchekochikhin and Anna Politkovskaya have been murdered since 2001.It is published in Moscow in regions within Russia and in some foreign countries.
 The Children of Men is a dystopian novel by P. D. James that was published in 1992. Set in England in 2021 it centres on the results of mass infertility.
 The Lost Warrior is the first in an original English-language manga trilogy based on the best-selling book series Warriors by Erin Hunter. The manga was published by the distributor Tokyopop and was released on April 24 2007. It follows Graystripe's adventures trying to escape from the Twolegs who have taken him in as their kittypet. It is drawn by James Barry.
 Reminiscence of Marie A. or Memory of Marie A. (German: Erinnerung an die Marie A.) is a 1920 poem by German poet and playwright Bertold Brecht (1889-1956) that was first published in his collection Die Hauspostille (1927). Brecht wrote the poem in his notebook on 21 February 1920 on a train to Berlin.
 The Lake Powell Chronicle is a weekly newspaper in Page Arizona USA. It has been owned by News Media Corporation since 2005.
 The Public Square is a poem from the secondedition (1931) of Wallace Stevens's first book of poetryHarmonium. It was firstpublished in 1923 so it is one ofthe few poems in the collection that is not free of copyright but itis quoted here in full as justified by fair use for scholarlycommentary.The violence of an edifice's demolition is matched by the violence ofthe poem's language particularly in the first two stanzas.
 The Universe (formerly The Daily Universe) is the official student newspaper for Brigham Young University (BYU) and was started in 1956. It was first titled Y News which was then changed to The Blue and White and finally to The Daily Universe.
 The Spaceships of Ezekiel (1974) is a book by Josef F. Blumrich (March 17 1913 – February 10 2002) on a spaceship that was supposedly observed by the prophet Ezekiel written while the author was chief of NASA's systems layout branch of the program development office at the Marshall Space Flight Center.
 Mad Scientist Hall of Fame: Muwahahahaha! is a semi-satirical non-fiction book by Daniel Wilson and Anna C. Long published in August 2008.
 Operation Hell Gate (2005) by Marc Cerasini is the first of the 24: Declassified novels based on the FOX television series 24. It takes place before season 1 and Jack Bauer's story is set in New York City. Co-authors for the novel are Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran.
 Eleven Hours (1998) is a Thriller novel by author Paullina Simons.
 The Journal of Medical Practice Management is a medical journal published by Greenbranch Publishing. It is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE BIOSIS Embase/Excerpta Medica and Hospital Literature Index. The journal was established in 1984 and is published by Greenbranch Publishing.
 DirkJan is a comic the creation of Dutch author and artist Mark Retera. It is also the name of its main character.DirkJan is a loser who stumbles through life in mostly three-panel comic strips.
 Energies is a monthly open access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering technology development engineering and studies in policy and management relating to energy. It was established in 2008 and is published by MDPI. The editor-in-chief is Enrico Sciubba (Sapienza University of Rome).
 The Black Moth (1921) is a Georgian (set around 1751) romance novel by Georgette Heyer. This was her first novel.
 Dickie Dare was a comic strip syndicated by AP Newsfeatures. Launched July 31 1933 it was the first comic strip created by Milton Caniff before he began Terry and the Pirates.In 1932 Caniff moved to New York City to accept an artist position in the Features Service of the Associated Press.
 The Centurions (French title: Les Centurions) is a novel written by French journalist and former soldier Jean Lartéguy. It was translated from the original French into English by Xan Fielding. The novel included the first use of the so-called ticking time bomb scenario. In 1966 The Centurions was adapted into a motion picture Lost Command that starred Anthony Quinn.
 The Block Island Times is an independent weekly newspaper covering the town of New Shoreham Rhode Island U.S. coextensive with Block Island. It is the only newspaper published on the island which is a popular tourist destination in Long Island Sound but has only about 1000 year-round residents.Dan Rattiner founded The Times as a summer-only paper in 1970. Margaret Cabel Self was the first editor.
 Jasmine (1989) is a novel by Bharati Mukherjee set in the present about a young Indian woman in the United States who trying to adapt to the American way of life in order to be able to survive changes identities several times.
 Secular Review (1876-1907) was a freethought/secularist weekly publication in nineteenth and early twentieth-century Britain that appeared under a variety of names. It represented a relatively moderate style of Secularism more open to old Owenite and new socialist influences in contrast to the individualism and social conservatism of Charles Bradlaugh and his National Reformer.
 Seeing is Believing (also published as Cross of Murder) is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his associate Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 Endocrine Journal is a peer reviewed medical journal published by the Japan Endocrine Society.The journal was first published in 1954 under the title Endocrinologia Japonica and was renamed to its current title in 1993 starting from Volume 40.
 Dead Aim is a crime/suspense novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It is the eleventh book in the Hap and Leonard series featuring Lansdale's longtime protagonists Hap Collins and Leonard Pine.
 Plowing the Dark (2000) is a novel by American writer Richard Powers. It follows two narrative threads; one of an American teacher turned Lebanese prisoner of war the other the construction of a high-tech virtual reality simulator.
 Miracle At Philadelphia: The Story of the Constitutional Convention is a work of historical non-fiction written by Catherine Drinker Bowen and originally published in 1966. Bowen recounts the Philadelphia Convention a meeting in 1787 that created the United States Constitution. Bowen draws much of her information from notes and journals of the Framers especially James Madison.
 The Day of Revolution (Japanese: 革命の日 Hepburn: Kakumei no Hi) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Mikiyo Tsuda. The series was serialized in Shinshokan's manga magazine South between April 1998 and February 2001. The manga is licensed in English by Digital Manga Publishing and has been released in North America in 2006. Two drama CDs based on the series were produced the first in July 2001 and the second in March 2002.
 Hysteria: Or Fragments of an Analysis of an Obsessional Neurosis is a two-hour play by Terry Johnson fictionalising a real life 1938 meeting between Salvador Dalí and Sigmund Freud a year before the latter's death. It is named after the Freudian psychological term hysteria.
 “The Ninth Avatar” is a novel written by Todd Newton. The novel is an epic fantasy in the tradition of J.R.R. Tolkien and Robert Jordan. However it is remarkable because of several new plot devices used by the author. Most notably the book follows five independent storylines and begins in the middle of the narrative. The author is currently working on both a prequel and a sequel simultaneously. Also the story is told from the point of view of both sides of a traditional good vs.
 Jughead's Double Digest was an American comic book. Begun as a companion publication to the Jughead 32-page comic book and Jughead With Archie Digest magazine it is a publication of Archie Comics. The Double Digest series are larger versions of the Archie Digest publication line. The regular Digests were 128 pages (later 80) while the Double Digests were 256 pages (now 160) hence the name Double Digest.
 Intelligent Thought: Science Versus the Intelligent Design Movement is a book edited by John Brockman and published by Vintage Books. The book is a series of essays which discuss the idea that natural selection and evolution helps explain the world better than intelligent design. The contributors are Daniel Dennett Scott Atran Steven Pinker Nicholas Humphrey Tim White Neil Shubin Marc Hauser Richard Dawkins Jerry Coyne Leonard Susskind Frank Sulloway Lee Smolin Stuart A.
 The Donegal Post is a local weekly regional newspaper published in County Donegal Ulster Ireland. When the paper was first launched by River Media in June 2006 it served the area of south Donegal west Fermanagh north Leitrim and north Sligo.It was soon joined by sister papers in Sligo Leitrim Cavan Monaghan and Wicklow which have all since closed down. The Rivermedia directors have cited the effects of the current economic recession as the main problem leading to the closures.
 Christopher Hawkeye Collins and Amy (Amanda) Adams are a pair of 12-year old fictional detectives the main characters in a series of children's novels titled Can You Solve The Mystery? credited to M. Masters (a pseudonym used by different writers) originally published from 1983–1985 by Meadowbrook Press. The series was republished in 1992 2006-2007 by Spotlight (ABDO Publishing Company) and most recently in 2013 by Meadowbrook Press as Can You Solve The Mystery?.
 The Heirs of Columbus is a 1991 novel by Gerald Vizenor that in the face of the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus' arrival in America inverts the historical record by re-imagining Columbus as a descendant of Mayans and Sephardic Jews who now wants to return home that is to America. Meanwhile his modern-day descendants the heirs of the title are trying to bring his bones home.
 Marvel Comics Super Special: Blade Runner is the comic book adaptation of the film Blade Runner published by Marvel Comics in 1982. It was written by Archie Goodwin with art by Al Williamson Carlos Garzon with Dan Green and Ralph Reese.The Jim Steranko cover leads into a 45-page adaptation which includes one possible explanation of the title's significance in story context: the narrative line Blade runner.
 Blood Ties is a 2008 thriller science fiction novel written by Sophie McKenzie.
 Spark of Life is a novel by Erich Maria Remarque which appeared both in German (as Der Funke Leben) and in English in 1952.The novel is set in the fictional Mellern concentration/labor camp during the Holocaust.
 Der Orchideengarten ('The Orchids-garden'; subtitled Phantastische Blätter or 'Fantastic Pages') was a German magazine that was published for 51 issues from January 1919 until November 1921. Founded four years before the American magazine Weird Tales was initiated in March 1923 it is considered to be the first fantasy magazine.
 The Little White Car is a novel by British author Dan Rhodes published under the pen name Danuta de Rhodes in 2004 by Canongate and has been translated into 12 languages. The book is based around the evidence that the car carrying Diana Princess of Wales was in collision with a white Fiat Uno just before it crashed on 31 August 1997.
 One No One and One Hundred Thousand (Italian: Uno Nessuno e Centomila [ˈuːno nesˈsuːno e ˌttʃɛntoˈmiːla]) is a 1926 novel by the Italian writer Luigi Pirandello. The novel had a rather long and difficult period of gestation. Pirandello began writing it in 1909.
 Tall Tales: The Adventures of Big Johnson Bone Frontier Hero is a prequel to the Eisner Award-winning comic book Bone by Jeff Smith. It was initially published in 1998 as a three issue mini-series before being collected in a trade paperback (ISBN 1-888963-06-9) in 2000.Whereas the other spin-off Rose focuses on the valley people from the story Stupid Stupid Rat-Tails focuses on the formation of Boneville the hometown of the Bones that is never actually seen in the story.
 African Studies Quarterly is a peer-reviewed electronic academic journal published quarterly by the Center for African Studies at the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida USA. The journal is indexed by the Public Affairs Information Service (PAIS) and by the Gale Group.
 The Lord of the Isles is a rhymed romantic narrative-poem by Sir Walter Scott written in 1815.In stunning narrative poetry the story begins during the time when Robert Bruce Earl of Carrick has been hunted out of Scotland into exile by the English and their allies. Bruce returns over sea from the Island of Rachrin: but is forced to land close to hostile forces at Artonish Castle on the seacoast of Argylshire.
 The Masterharper of Pern is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. It was the fifteenth book published in the Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne or her son Todd McCaffrey.The Masterharper of Pern was first published in 1998. It details the birth and early life of Robinton who becomes the MasterHarper of Pern shortly before Lessa becomes Weyrwoman.
 Structure is a peer-reviewed scientific journal founded by Wayne A. Hendrickson Carl-Ivar Brändén and Alan R. Fersht in September 1993. It focuses on protein structure and related issues. The journal is published monthly by Cell Press. The current editors are Christopher D. Lima and Andrej Sali.
 Princess (also known as Princess*** Russian: Княжна Knyazhna) is a poem by Apollon Maykov first published in January 1878 issue of The Russian Messenger. It told the story of a young Russian girl of a noble family joining radical youth to fight against the repressive state.
 A Mind to Murder (1963) is a crime novel by P. D. James the second in her Adam Dalgliesh series.
 The Clitheroe Advertiser and Times is a weekly newspaper published every Thursday for readers in the area of Clitheroe in the Ribble Valley east Lancashire. Other sister newspapers are the Burnley Express - published every Tuesday and Friday Padiham Express - published every Tuesday and Friday Pendle Express - published every Tuesday and Colne Times Nelson Leader and Barnoldswick and Earby Times - all published every Friday.
 The Surprising Archaea: Discovering Another Domain of Life is a popular science book written about the domain Archaea. It was written by John L. Howland and first published in 2000 by the Oxford University Press. The book records the archaeal rise from obscurity...to their current prominent place in molecular and evolutionary biology.
 Physical & Occupational Therapy in Pediatrics is a medical journal that delivers information vital information to all therapists involved in developmental and physical rehabilitation of infants children and youth. Designed for PT and OT pediatric professionals in hospitals rehabilitation centers schools and health and human services agencies the journal provides clinical research and practical applications.
 The Goose-Step is a political cartoon by E. H. Shepard drawn in 1936.It shows an armed goose marching down a road. There is a swastika on its chest and it is stepping on a torn Locarno Pact. The Goose holds an olive branch in its beak with a label reading Pax Germanica attached to it. There are many National Socialist flags sticking out of the buildings it is walking past.
 A Number is a 2002 play by English playwright Caryl Churchill which addresses the subject of human cloning and identity especially nature versus nurture. The story set in the near future is structured around the conflict between a father (Salter) and his sons (Bernard 1 Bernard 2 and Michael Black) – two of whom are clones of the first one.
 Lord Randy My Son is a short story by Joe L. Hensley from Harlan Ellison's science fiction anthology Dangerous Visions.
 Dragon's Nest is a children's fantasy book written by Emily Rodda. The book is the first book in the Dragons of Deltora series the third in the Deltora saga. It was released in 2004 and is published by Scholastic Press.
 Gods Demons and Others is a collection of short stories by R. K. Narayan adapted from Indian history and mythology including epics like The Ramayana and The Mahabharatha. In this book Narayan provides both vitality and an original viewpoint to ancient legends.
 The Cairo Trilogy (Arabic: الثلاثية‎ (The trilogy) or ثلاثية القاهرة (The Cairo Trilogy)) is a trilogy of novels written by the Egyptian novelist and Nobel Prize winner Naguib Mahfouz. The three novels are in order: Palace Walk (original Arabic title: بين القصرين Bein el-Qasrein 1956) Palace of Desire ( قصر الشوق Qasr el-Shoaq 1957) Sugar Street ( السكرية El-Sukkareyya 1957)
 Po-on A Novel is a novel written by Francisco Sionil José a Filipino English-language writer. This is the original title when it was first published in the Philippines in the English language. In the United States it was published under the title Dusk: A Novel. For this novel's translation into Tagalog the title Po-on Isang Nobela – a direct translation of Po-on A Novel - was adopted.
 Empire of the Atom is a science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt. It was first published in 1957 by Shasta Publishers in an edition of 2000 copies. The novel is a fix-up of the first five of van Vogt's Gods stories which originally appeared in the magazine Astounding. The remaining Gods stories are collected in The Wizard of Linn. Author and critic James Blish observed that the plot of the Gods stories resembled that of Robert Graves' Claudius novels.
 The Ottawa Herald is a local newspaper in the town of Ottawa Kansas.
 Homunculus is a comic science fiction novel by author James P. Blaylock. It was published in 1986. It was the second book in Blaylock's loose Steampunk trilogy following The Digging Leviathan (1984) and preceding Lord Kelvin's Machine (1992). The book was originally published as an Ace paperback by the Berkeley Publishing Group and is included in the Adventures of Langon St. Ives collection.
 The Berrys was a family comic strip drawn by Carl Grubert and distributed by Field Enterprises.A 1934 alumnus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison Grubert had a background in Chicago advertising and served in the United States Navy during World War II the period when he created The Berrys.
 The Rosary is a novel by Florence L. Barclay. It was first published in 1909 by G.P. Putnam's Sons and was a bestselling novel for many years running reaching the number one spot in 1910. A recent edition published in 2002 has a new introduction by Sharon Rich and comments by Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy dating from 1948 when they planned to co-star in a film version at MGM. The film was never made.
 Njanji Soenji (Republican Spelling: Njanji Sunji; Perfected Spelling: Nyanyi Sunyi; Indonesian for Songs of Solitude or Songs of Silence) is a 1937 poetry collection by Amir Hamzah. Written some time after the poet was forced to marry the daughter of the Sultan of Langkat instead of his chosen love in Java this collection consists of 24 titled poems and pieces of lyrical prose none of which are dated.
 The Quarterly Review of Biology or QRB is a scientific review of current and historical topics in biology as well as a source of book reviews. It was begun in 1926 by Raymond Pearl. In the 1960s the Review was purchased by the Stony Brook Foundation when the editor H. Bentley Glass became academic vice president of the State University of New York at Stony Brook. It is currently published by the University of Chicago Press.
 Zadarski list is a Croatian daily newspaper. It is the first daily newspaper published in Zadar.Zadarski list started on 3 November 1994 as a weekly. At that time it was focused on the news from Zadar and the Zadar County reaching a circulation of 12000. Zadarski list became a daily newspaper on 21 December 1998 and switched to wider coverage of events in Croatia and the world.
 Adams Fall is writer Sean Desmond's first novel and is based around the events which occur to a college student in his senior year at Harvard University. In the midst of completing his thesis and applying for a study abroad program the narrator copes with his stresses by resorting to alcohol and drugs.Adams House a real House at Harvard features prominently in the novel; the author is himself a Harvard graduate.The novel was the (loose) basis for the 2002 film Abandon starring Katie Holmes.
 The Exegesis of Philip K. Dick is a book containing the published selections of a journal kept by science fiction writer Philip K. Dick documenting and exploring his religious and visionary experiences. Dick's wealth of knowledge on the subjects of philosophy religion and science inform the work throughout.
 Eagles and Angels (German: Adler und Engel) is a 2001 novel by the German writer Juli Zeh.
 Grüüne is a newspaper published in Estonia by the political party Estonian Greens.It was first published in January 2007. In 2010 it was only published online. By 2013 the last issue has been published in 2011.Grüüne has a parallel sister newspaper Poljana (Russian: Поляна) which is published in Russian.
 Suburban Souls: The Erotic Psychology of a Man and a Maid is an anonymous erotic novel in three volumes originally printed and published in Paris in one hundred and fifty copies in 1901 for distribution amongst private subscribers only.
 The Current Newspapers are a group of weeklies in Washington DC with editions targeted to Upper Northwest Chevy Chase (DC) Dupont Circle Georgetown and Foggy Bottom. The company previously owned a newspaper on Capitol Hill - Voice of the Hill - but it has ceased publication.
 Metropolitan Gazette is a Davao City newspaper of general circulation since June 1996. It is published every Monday with editorial and business address at 22 Madrazo Commercial Complex Ponciano Reyes Street Davao City.
 The Flying Girl is a novel written by L. Frank Baum author of the Oz books. It was first published in 1911. In the book Baum pursued an innovative blending of genres to create a feminist adventure melodrama. The book was followed by a sequel The Flying Girl and Her Chum published the next year 1912.
 Piano no Mori: The Perfect World of Kai (ピアノの森 – The perfect world of KAI lit. Piano's Forest) is an ongoing manga by Makoto Isshiki about Shuhei Amamiya who transfers to Moriwaki Elementary filled with hope and ambition about his new life.
 Wind from the Carolinas is a novel by Robert Wilder based on the true history of a family throughout the 19th century. It was first published by G.P. Putnam's New York in 1964 and re-published by Bluewater Books & Charts in 1997.Set against the exotic background of the Bahama Islands it's the saga of wealthy aristocratic families from the Carolinas Georgia and Virginia who following the American Revolution fled the South for the Bahamas where they remained loyal to England.
 Consent to Kill is the seventh novel by Vince Flynn and the sixth in a series that features CIA counterterrorism agent Mitch Rapp. In this thriller Flynn focuses on the war on terror exploring all its aspects from the president of the United States to the CIA the foot soldiers and the potentially deadly terrorists. His stories are detailed and thoroughly researched.
 The Victim is a novel by Saul Bellow published in 1947. It is his second work. Along with his first novel Dangling Man they are considered Bellow's apprentice works before he unleashed his true literary voice in The Adventures of Augie March. Looking back at his first two novels later in his career Bellow distanced himself from them by calling Dangling Man his M.A. and The Victim his Ph.D. Like many other stories the protagonist is a Jewish man in early middle age.
 The Tohoku Mathematical Journal is a mathematical research journal published by Tohoku University in Japan. It was founded in August 1911 by Tsuruichi Hayashi.Due to World War II the publication of the journal stopped in 1943 with volume 49. Publication was resumed in 1949 with the volume numbering starting again at 1.
 We Didn't Mean to Go to Sea is the seventh book in Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books. It was published in 1937. In this book the Swallows (Walker family) are the only recurring characters. They are staying in a new location Pin Mill on the River Orwell upstream from the ports of Felixstowe and Harwich. The book features a small sailing cutter the Goblin which is almost identical to Ransome's own boat Nancy Blackett.
 Central Asian Survey is an academic journal first published in 1982 concerning Caucasus and Central Asian studies.
 The Review of Income and Wealth is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Association for Research in Income and Wealth. It was established in 1951 and published annually until 1966 when it became a quarterly. Its aim is to provide a venue for research on income and wealth in terms of national and international economic and social accounting.
 For the Greek newspaper based in Patras see Simerini (Patras)Simerini (Greek for today) is a centre-right Greek language independently owned newspaper published in Cyprus since 1976. It is one of the largest newspapers on the island with a daily circulation of around 9000 copies. Other daily Greek language newspapers (2013) published in Cyprus are Haravgi Phileleftheros and Politis.All issues are available for free in PDF format at the newspaper's website.
 Andromaque is a tragedy in five acts by the French playwright Jean Racine written in alexandrine verse. It was first performed on 17 November 1667 before the court of Louis XIV in the Louvre in the private chambers of the Queen Marie Thérèse by the royal company of actors called les Grands Comédiens with Thérèse Du Parc in the title role. The company gave the first public performance two days later in the Hôtel de Bourgogne in Paris.
 Black Cocktail is a fantasy novella by American author Jonathan Carroll.
 Memories of My Melancholy Whores (original Spanish-language title: Memoria de mis putas tristes) was the last novella written by Gabriel García Márquez. The book was originally published in Spanish in 2004 with an English translation by Edith Grossman published in October 2005.
 Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex was written by Mary Roach in 2008. The book follows the winding history of science and its exploration of human sexuality going back as far as Aristotle and finally ending with recent discoveries about the origination and anatomy of the female orgasm. Throughout Mary Roach provides a humorous and often very personal view—both as a participant and observer—of humans scientists animals and sex machines.
 The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 2 - Hitting the Skids in Pixeltown (2003) is an anthology edited by Orson Scott Card and Keith Olexa. It contains thirteen stories by different writers. All of them were winners of the 2nd Annual Phobos Fiction Contest for new writer with the exception of Larry Niven author of The Coldest Place.
 Angel Eyes is the novel by Loren D. Estleman second in Private Investigator Amos Walker series.
 The Donegal People's Press (formerly Donegal People's Press and Derry and Tyrone News) is a weekly local newspaper in north County Donegal Ireland. The paper is published every Tuesday in the north of the county and a separate edition of the paper with some alterations is published in the south of the county as the Tuesday edition of the Donegal Democrat. Both editions had a combined ABC circulation of 10059 for the first half of 2007.
 Simpsons Illustrated was a companion magazine to the American animated television show The Simpsons. It featured among many other things articles and interviews about the show and comics based on the Simpsons universe. Simpsons Illustrated was published between 1991 and 1993 and led to the establishment of the Bongo Comics Group.
 Eye to Eye is a 1997 young-adult science fiction novel by Catherine Jinks. It follows the story of Jansi who while scavenging in the desert comes across a damaged star ship which contains a computer that has the ability to project thought expression and friendship.
 A Dangerous Fortune was written by British author Ken Follett in 1993. The story is set against the backdrop of collapse of a bank in 1892. The book also features Follett's first female villain the domineering sexy and unscrupulous Augusta.
 A Fine Dark Line is a 2002 novel by American writer Joe R. Lansdale. The story is set in Dumont Texas in 1958. This novel was issued as a limited edition by Subterranean Press and as a trade hardcover and a trade paperback by Mysterious Press. Both hardcover editions are now out of print. A trade paperback was published by Mysterious Press on October 1 2003.
 The Aspen Daily News is a 14500-circulation (unaudited) 7-day-a-week newspaper in the ski resort of Aspen Colorado that started in 1978. It is owned by Ute City Tea Party Ltd a Colorado Corporation.
 Start-up Nation: The Story of Israel's Economic Miracle is a 2009 book by Dan Senor and Saul Singer about the economy of Israel. It examines how Israel a 60-year-old nation with a population of 7.1 million was able to reach such economic growth that at the start of 2009 some 63 Israeli companies were listed on the NASDAQ more than those of any other foreign country.In 2010 Start-up Nation was ranked fifth on the business bestseller list of The New York Times.
 The Big Six is the ninth book of Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books published in 1940. The book returns Dick and Dorothea Callum known as the Ds to the Norfolk Broads where they renew their friendship with the members of the Coot Club. This book is more of a detective story as the Ds and Coot Club try to unravel a mystery that threatens the Death and Glories' freedom to sail the river.
 Expert Review of Dermatology was a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of dermatology. It wax established in 2001 and ceased publication in 2013. It was published by Informa and abstracted and indexed in Scopus.
 The Nintendo Fun Club was a fan club marketed by Nintendo. It was free to join and those who joined it received a free subscription to Nintendo Fun Club News a periodical that discussed popular games and games that were planned for the near future. It offered tips and tricks Nintendo video game news comics.
 Temptation is a Faustian play written by Czech playwright Václav Havel in 1985 that premiered in Austria on 22 May 1986 in the Burgtheater in Vienna. The play premiered in Czechoslovakia on 27 October 1990 at the J. K. Tyl Theatre in Plzeň. It premiered in the United States on 9 April 1989 at The Public Theater in New York City. In 1989 Temptation was translated to English by the Czech author and journalist Marie Winn.
 Siren was a bimonthly Canadian magazine published in Toronto Ontario for the city's lesbian community.The magazine was launched in 1995 by a women's collective of volunteers. Its popularity increased in late 1996 around the time the lesbian monthly magazine Quota ceased publication. It underwent a controversial editorial revamp in 2002 ending its association with its regular contributors in favour of a more freelance story and contribution structure.
 The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians is an encyclopedic dictionary of music and musicians. Along with the German-language Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart it is one of the largest reference works on Western music. Originally published under the title A Dictionary of Music and Musicians and later as Grove's Dictionary of Music and Musicians it has gone through several editions since the 19th century and is widely used.
 The Delicate Prey and Other Stories is a collection of 17 stories written by Paul Bowles first published in 1950.
 The Stone Key is a 2008 science fiction novel by Isobelle Carmody set in a post apocalyptic world. It is the fifth book in the Obernewtyn Chronicles.
 Keynes: The Return of the Master is a 2009 book by economic historian Robert Skidelsky. The work discusses the economic theories and philosophy of John Maynard Keynes and argues about their relevance to the world following the Financial crisis of 2007–2010. In contrast to the 30 years he needed to write his prize winning biography on Keynes the author was able to write this 240 page book in only three months.
 The Champions are a team of superheroes that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The team first appears in The Champions #1 (October 1975) and was created by writer Tony Isabella and artist Don Heck.
 Queen of the Dawn is a novel by H Rider Haggard.
 The Island of the Day Before (L'isola del giorno prima) is a 1994 novel by Umberto Eco. Set in the 17th century it revolves around Roberto della Griva an Italian nobleman marooned on a deserted ship in the Pacific Sea and his slowly decaying mental state set against a backdrop of Baroque-era science metaphysics and cosmology.This work contains references to Eco's previous novels. In one example there is a mention of a crucial plot point from Eco's first novel The Name of the Rose.
 Yumegari (夢狩り lit. Dream hunter) is a Japanese light novel written by Ageha Ohkawa and illustrated by Mokona of the Japanese creative team Clamp. The chapters were published on Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Shōsetsu Asuka magazine. The story revolves around Tatsumi Houjyou heir to a clan of dream hunters.Yumegari is unfinished. The published chapters were re-printed in Clamp Gakuen Denki Bunko vol.1.
 What Am I Doing Here (1988) is a book by British Author Bruce Chatwin and contains a collection of essays profiles and travel stories from his life. It was the last book published during Chatwin's life and draws on various experiences from it. These experiences include trekking in Nepal sailing down the Volga interviewing Madeleine Vionnet and making a film with Werner Herzog.
 Barrayar is a science-fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold. It was first published as four installments in Analog in July–October 1991 and then published in book form by Baen Books in October 1991. Barrayar won both the Hugo Award for Best Novel and the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 1992. It is a part of the Vorkosigan Saga and is the seventh full-length novel of the series in publication order. Barrayar was included in the 1996 omnibus Cordelia's Honor.
 Occupy is a short study of the Occupy movement written by the American academic and political activist Noam Chomsky. Initially published in the United States by the Zuccotti Park Press as the first title in their Occupied Media Pamphlet Series in 2012 it was subsequently republished in the United Kingdom by Penguin Books later that year.An academic linguist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Chomsky first achieved fame for his work as a political activist during the 1960s and 1970s.
 Outbound Flight is a novel set in the Star Wars galaxy that was released on January 31 2006. It is written by Timothy Zahn bestselling author of the Thrawn Trilogy to which this novel is a prequel. The book was released by Del Rey first in hardcover then in paperback in January 2007. The cover art is by Dave Seeley.
 The Apostle is a spy thriller novel written by New York Times Bestselling author Brad Thor. The Apostle is the eighth book in the Scot Harvath series.
 The Express & Echo is a paid-for newspaper for Exeter and the surrounding area.
 Nylon is an American magazine that focuses on pop culture and fashion. Its coverage includes art beauty music design celebrities technology and travel. Its name references New York and London.
 Adventures in Time and Space was an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Raymond J. Healy and J. Francis McComas and published in 1946. A Modern Library edition was issued in 1957. When it was re-released in 1975 by Ballantine Books Analog book reviewer Lester del Rey referred to it as a book he often gave to people in order to turn them onto the genre.
 Kurozuka (黒塚 Kurozuka) is a novel and Japanese manga series written by Baku Yumemakura and illustrated by Takashi Noguchi. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Super Jump starting in 2003 by Shueisha and ended in December 2006. An anime adaptation by Madhouse was announced by Japanese anime television network Animax in May 2008 and ran between October and December 2008 spanning a total of 12 episodes.
 Havana Heat is a novel published in 2000 by Darryl Brock. It is a fictionalized story about a real historical figure Dummy Taylor a deaf baseball player who played professional baseball in the years 1900‒1908.
 Inner City Blues is the 1999 debut novel by American crime author Paula L. Woods and the first book in her Charlotte Justice series. The book was published by W. W.
 Monogatari (物語 story) is the general name for a series of Japanese light novels written by Japanese novelist Nisio Isin and illustrated by Taiwanese illustrator Vofan. Kodansha has published 17 novels since November 2006 under their Kodansha Box imprint with one more novel planned.
 The Texas Review of Entertainment & Sports Law is a student-edited biannual law review at the University of Texas School of Law. It covers issues related to law that affects the entertainment and sports industries. Its Bluebook abbreviation is Tex. Rev. Ent. & Sports L..
 Trondheim byleksikon (Trondheim City Encyclopedia) is a printed encyclopedia which covers Trondheim Norway. Published by Kunnskapsforlaget and written by Terje Bratberg the first edition was published in 1996 ahead of the city's 1000-year anniversary the following year. The first edition contained 4200 entries. The second edition was published in 2008 and contains 5000 entries.
 Raising Hell: How the Center for Investigative Reporting Gets the Story is a nonfiction work by David Weir and Dan Noyes with a foreword by Mike Wallace. It was published in 1983 by Addison-Wesley Publishing Company and contains reprints of investigative journalism articles from the time period with analysis and background on how the journalists investigated the issues and prepared for the articles.
 The Gene Wars universe is a fictional universe developed by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. The universe currently consists of two science fiction novels Hammerfall (2001) and Forge of Heaven (2004). The books were published by HarperCollins under the company's Eos imprint. Hammerfall was nominated for the John W.
 Engineering was a weekly British magazine founded in 1865 and published by the Office for Publication and Advertisements which reported on developments and news in many disciplines of engineering in Britain and abroad. It is now produced and published electronically by Media Culture PLC.
 Pilgrim is the 1998 fantasy novel by Australian author Sara Douglass. It was first published in Australia as the second part of the Wayfarer Redemption series then republished in the US and most of Europe as the fifth book of the Wayfarer Redemption sextet.
 Juliette is a novel written by the Marquis de Sade and published 1797–1801 accompanying Sade's Nouvelle Justine. While Justine Juliette's sister was a virtuous woman who consequently encountered nothing but despair and abuse Juliette is an amoral nymphomaniac who is successful and happy.
 Essence is a monthly magazine for African-American women between the ages of 18 and 49. The magazine covers fashion lifestyle and beauty with an intimate girlfriend-to-girlfriend tone and their slogan Fierce Fun and Fabulous suggests the magazine's goal of empowering African-American women. The topics the magazine discusses range from celebrities to fashion to point-of-view pieces addressing current issues in the African-American community.
 Landscape for a Good Woman: A Story of Two Lives is a non-fiction book by Carolyn Kay Steedman published by Rutgers University Press in 1987.
 Mayo Chiki! (まよチキ!) is a Japanese light novel series written by Hajime Asano and illustrated by Seiji Kikuchi. The series' twelve volumes were published between November 2009 and July 2012 under Media Factory's MF Bunko J imprint. A manga adaptation by NEET was serialized in Media Factory's seinen manga magazine Comic Alive between July 2010 and November 2013.
 Conquistador is a 2003 alternate history novel by S. M. Stirling. Its point of divergence occurs when the empire of Alexander the Great endures long after Alexander's death creating a markedly different history that prevents the European conquest of the Americas. Most of the story is set in the parallel universe affected by this history.
 Under the Net was the first novel of Iris Murdoch published in 1954. Set in London it is the story of a struggling young writer Jake Donaghue. Its mixture of the philosophical and the picaresque has made it one of Murdoch's most popular.It was dedicated to Raymond Queneau. When Jake leaves Madge's flat in Chapter 1 two of the books he mentions taking are Murphy by Samuel Beckett and Pierrot mon Ami by Queneau both of which are echoed in this story.
 The Volksblad is an Afrikaans-language daily newspaper published in Bloemfontein South Africa and distributed in the Free State and Northern Cape provinces where it is the largest Afrikaans daily. It is South Africa's oldest Afrikaans newspaper. The paper is owned by Media24.
 Broken Soup is a children's novel by Jenny Valentine published in 2008.It was shortlisted for the 2008 Waterstone's Children's Book Prize and the 2008 Costa Book Children's Book Award and longlisted for the 2008 Booktrust Teenage Prize. It has also been longlisted for the 2009 Manchester Book Award and nominated for the 2009 Carnegie Medal.The Daily Telegraph described the book as a gripping humorous story.
 The Pioneers: The Sources of the Susquehanna; a Descriptive Tale is a historical novel the first published of the Leatherstocking Tales a series of five novels by American writer James Fenimore Cooper. While The Pioneers was published in 1823 before any of the other Leatherstocking Tales the period it covers makes it the fourth chronologically.
 La Prensa is a conservative Panamanian newspaper founded in 1980. Established by I. Roberto Eisenmann Jr. during a period military dictatorship Prensa built an international reputation as an independent voice and has been described as Panama's leading opposition newspaper and its newspaper of record.
 The New Leader (1924-2006) was a political and cultural magazine.
 The Barry County Advertiser is a free weekly newspaper located in Cassville Missouri the county seat of Barry County Missouri. The Advertiser is funded purely by advertising and is distributed through the U.S. Postal Service.
 The Sentinel is a daily newspaper based in Carlisle Pennsylvania serving the Harrisburg-Carlisle metropolitan area. It is Cumberland County's only daily newspaper.In 2012 the newspaper launched a partnership with abc27 News in Harrisburg Pennsylvania. The media outlets coordinate and share news coverage.
 Optics Letters is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Optical Society of America. It was established in July 1977. The editor-in-chief is Xi-Cheng Zhang (University of Rochester).
 Technology Tradition and the State in Africa is a book studying the indigenous political systems of sub-Saharan Africa written by the British social anthropologist Jack Goody (1919–) then a professor at St. John's College Cambridge University.
 Moulin rouge was the first political gloss magazine in Russia. It was published by Rodionov Publishing House from 2003 to 2008.
 Cyrano de Bergerac is a play written in 1897 by Edmond Rostand. Although there was a real Cyrano de Bergerac the play is a fictionalization of his life that follows the broad outlines of it.The entire play is written in verse in rhyming couplets of twelve syllables per line very close to the Alexandrine format but the verses sometimes lack a caesura.
 291 was an arts and literary magazine that was published from 1915 to 1916 in New York City. It was created and published by a group of four individuals: photographer/modern art promoter Alfred Stieglitz artist Marius de Zayas art collector/socialite/poet Agnes Ernest Meyer and photographer/critic/arts patron Paul Haviland. Initially intended as a way to bring attention to Stieglitz's gallery of the same name (291) it soon became a work of art in itself.
 Rex Libris is a science fiction / humor comic book series written and illustrated by James Turner. It is published quarterly by Slave Labor Graphics.
 Kidnapped is a historical fiction adventure novel by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson. Written as a boys' novel and first published in the magazine Young Folks from May to July 1886 the novel has attracted the praise and admiration of writers as diverse as Henry James Jorge Luis Borges and Seamus Heaney.
 Grisaia no Kajitsu: Le Fruit De La Grisaia (グリザイアの果実 -LE FRUIT DE LA GRISAIA- lit. The Fruit of the Grisaia) is a Japanese visual novel the first in a series of visual novels by Front Wing with character designs by Akio Watanabe and Fumio. This game was later ported to PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita. A manga adaptation began in Champion Red Ichigo volume 36 released on February 5 2013. An anime adaptation has been announced.
 Without Sorcery is a collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by author Theodore Sturgeon. The collection was first published in 1948 by Prime Press in an edition of 2862 copies of which 80 were specially bound slipcased and signed by the author and artist. The stories first appeared in the magazines Astounding and Unknown.
 Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 Dragons of the Dwarven Depths is a fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman based on the Dragonlance fictional campaign setting. It is the beginning of the Lost Chronicles trilogy designed to fill-in the gaps in the storyline between the books in the Chronicles trilogy (Dragons of Autumn Twilight Dragons of Winter Night and Dragons of Spring Dawning). The events in the book take place entirely between the events of Dragons of Autumn Twilight and Dragons of Winter Night.
 The Yipping Tiger and Other Tales from the Neuropsychiatric Clinic is a book by neuropsychiatrist Perminder Sachdev M.D. consisting of ten case studies which explore the relationship between the brain and the mind. The case studies are based on Sachdev’s experience in the neuropsychiatric clinic at the Neuropsychiatric Institute Sydney Australia.
 Synapse is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of neuroscience published in New York by Wiley-Liss to address basic science topics on synaptic function and structure.
 Letter to a Child Never Born (Italian: Lettera a un bambino mai nato 1975) is a novel by Italian author and journalist Oriana Fallaci. It is written as a letter by young professional woman (presumably Fallaci herself) to the fetus she carries in utero; it details the woman's struggle to choose between a career she loves and an unexpected pregnancy explaining the how life works with examples of her childhood and warning him/her about the unfairness of the world.
 The Owl Service is a low fantasy novel for young adults by Alan Garner published by Collins in 1967. Set in modern Wales it is an adaptation of the story of the mythical Welsh woman Blodeuwedd an expression of the myth in the author's words.Garner won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British author.
 The Charnel Prince is a fantasy novel by Greg Keyes. It is a sequel to The Briar King and the second book of The Kingdoms of Thorn and Bone.
 The Journal of Computational Geometry is an open access mathematics journal that was established in 2010. It covers research in all aspects of computational geometry. The current editors-in-chief are Kenneth L. Clarkson and Günter Rote.
 Dave Barry Turns 50 is a humor book written by humor Columnist Dave Barry about turning 50 and reminiscing on the events of the Baby Boomer generation as well as satirical advice on aging. The book includes the first known instance of the Waiter Rule - If someone is nice to you but rude to the waiter they are not a nice person.
 The Master of Man: The Story of a Sin was a best-selling 1921 novel by Hall Caine. The fictional story is set on the Isle of Man and is concerned with Victor Stowell the Deemster's son who commits a romantic indiscretion and then gives up on all of his principles in order to keep it a secret. However in the face of the mounting consequences Victor confesses publicly to his crime and is punished but redemption comes through a woman’s love.
 Monato is a monthly magazine produced in Esperanto which carries articles on politics culture and economics. It is printed in Belgium and distributed to readers in 65 countries. The title simply means month.It has 100 correspondents in 45 countries and only prints articles originally written in Esperanto.
 Mission to America is a novel by American novelist Walter Kirn.The novel is narrated by Mason LaVerle a member of a tiny religious sect in rural Bluff Montana called the Aboriginal Fulfilled Apostles whose complicated views involve a kind of highly incorporative theology and a strict dietary regimen that facilitates healthy gastrointestinal activity.
 Of Wee Sweetie Mice and Men is the second novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman released on 25 April 1996 through Harper Collins. The name of the novel is a reference to the John Steinbeck novella Of Mice and Men.
 Wolf Hall (2009) is a multi-award winning historical novel by English author Hilary Mantel published by Fourth Estate named after the Seymour family seat of Wolfhall or Wulfhall in Wiltshire. Set in the period from 1500 to 1535 Wolf Hall is a fictionalised biography documenting the rapid rise to power of Thomas Cromwell in the court of Henry VIII through to the death of Sir Thomas More. The novel won both the Man Booker Prize and the National Book Critics Circle Award.
 Vanities is a comedy-drama stage production written by Jack Heifner. The story centers on the lives and friendship of three Texas cheerleaders starting from high school in 1963 continuing through college as sorority sisters in the late 1960s and ending with the dissolution of their friendship in the mid-1970s as their interests and livelihoods change and they are no longer as compatible with one another as they had been in their school days.
 For the defunct avant-garde metal band from Kristiansand Norway see In the Woods...In the Woods is a 2007 mystery novel by Tana French about a pair of Irish detectives and their investigation of the murder of a twelve-year-old girl. The novel won several awards such as the 2008 Edgar Award for Best First Novel by an American Author the 2008 Barry Award for Best First Novel the 2008 Macavity Award for Best First Mystery Novel and the 2008 Anthony Award for Best First Novel.
 The Vox Kashmir is an online e-zine run independently from Jammu and Kashmir. The Vox Kashmir was founded by Sheikh Saaliq in 2010. It features stories on art culture conflict poetry interviews short fiction society and life. Run as a proper organization The Vox Kashmir is a widely acclaimed e-zine - a first of its kind from Jammu and KashmirIndia.
 The New American Poetry 1945–1960 was a poetry anthology edited by Donald Allen and published in 1960. It aimed to pick out the third generation of American modernist poets and included quite a number of poems fresh from the little magazines of the late 1950s. In the longer term it attained a classic status with critical approval and continuing sales. It was reprinted in 1999.
 Great Apes is a 1997 novel by Will Self.
 Final Draft (Russian: Чистовик Chistovik) is the second novel of the popular Russian writer Sergey Lukyanenko's science fiction duology and is the sequel to Rough Draft.
 The Big Sky is a 1947 Western novel by A. B. Guthrie Jr..
 The Berkshire Eagle is an American daily newspaper published in Pittsfield Massachusetts and covering all of Berkshire County as well as four New York communities near Pittsfield.
 Klansmen: Guardians of Liberty was a book published by the Pillar of Fire Church in 1926 by Bishop Alma Bridwell White and illustrated by Reverend Branford Clarke. She claims that the Founding Fathers of the United States were members of the Ku Klux Klan and that Paul Revere made his legendary ride in Klan hood and robes. She said: Jews are everywhere a separate and distinct people living apart from the great Gentile masses ...
 The Evening Telegraph is a local newspaper in Dundee Scotland. Known locally as the Tele (usually pronounced Tully or Tilly) it is the sister paper of The Courier also published by Dundee firm D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd.
 Railway Market – Central and Eastern European Review - also known as Railway Market - CEE Review. Quarterly magazine focusing on railway developments in Central and Eastern Europe. Published since September 2006. From the beginning chief edited by Jakub Klimkiewicz.
 The Southern Medical Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official publication of the Southern Medical Association. The journal is indexed and abstracted in Index Medicus Current Contents Science Citation Index and EMBASE.
 The Da Vinci Code is a 2003 mystery-detective novel written by Dan Brown. It follows symbologist Robert Langdon and cryptologist Sophie Neveu as they investigate a murder in Paris's Louvre Museum and discover a battle between the Priory of Sion and Opus Dei over the possibility of Jesus having been married to Mary Magdalene.
 Antarctic Conquest: the Story of the Ronne Expedition 1946-1948 is a 1949 science book by Norwegian-American Antarctic explorer Finn Ronne and science fiction writer L. Sprague de Camp published in hardcover by G. P. Putnam's Sons. The role of de Camp who was commissioned as a ghost writer to recast Ronne's manuscript into publishable form is uncredited. Ronne's working title was reportedly Conquering the Antarctic.The book relates the story of the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition.
 Molecular Biology of the Cell is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Cell Biology. It covers research on the molecular basis of cell structure and function. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.803.
 Language and Literature is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of stylistics. The journal's editor is Geoff Hall (University of Nottingham Ningbo China). It has been in publication since 1992 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Poetics and Linguistics Association.
 The Best War Ever: America and World War II is a book written by Dr. Michael C. C. Adams (professor of history at Northern Kentucky University) which is a popular textbook in American history courses at many colleges and universities. The book was and first published by the Johns Hopkins University press in 1994 as part of its American Moment series edited by University of Wisconsin–Madison history professor Stanley I. Kutler.
 The Saint in the Sun is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris featuring the Robin Hood-inspired crimefighter Simon Templar whom Charteris introduced in 1928. The book was first published in 1963 by The Crime Club in the United States and by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom in 1964.
 Human Smoke: The Beginnings of World War II the End of Civilization is a 2008 book by Nicholson Baker about World War II. The book questions the commonly held belief that the Allies wanted to avoid the war at all costs but were forced into action by Hitler's unrelenting crusade. It consists largely of official government transcripts newspaper articles and other documents from the time with Baker interjecting commentary only occasionally.
 How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying: The Dastard's Guide to Fame and Fortune is a humorous 1952 book by Shepherd Mead. It inspired a successful 1961 musical of the same name which was made into a movie in 1967.
 The Other Gods is a short story written by American horror writer H. P. Lovecraft on August 14 1921. It was first published in the November 1933 issue of The Fantasy Fan.
 MLA format redirects here. For other uses see The MLA Handbook for Writers of Research Papers or Modern Language Association.The MLA Style Manual and Guide to Scholarly Publishing (2008) is the third edition of The MLA Style Manual first published by the Modern Language Association of America in 1985.
 Amarillo Globe-News is a newspaper in Amarillo Texas owned by the Morris Communications Company.The current-day Globe-News is a combination of several newspapers published in Amarillo. One began on November 4 1909 as a prohibition publication by the Baptist deacon Dr. Joseph Elbert Nunn (1851 – 1938). In 1916 Nunn turned the Amarillo Daily News into a general newspaper.Nunn also owned an electric company and heavily invested in the telephone company.
 The Olympian is a McClatchy newspaper in Olympia Washington in the United States.
 Master Humphrey's Clock was a weekly periodical edited and written entirely by Charles Dickens and published from April 4 1840 to December 4 1841. It began with a frame story in which Master Humphrey tells about himself and his small circle of friends (which includes Mr. Pickwick) and their penchant for telling stories. Several short stories were included followed by the novels The Old Curiosity Shop and Barnaby Rudge.
 Syrie ('Syria') was a French language daily newspaper published from Beirut Lebanon. Syrie was an official organ of the French High Commission. The newspaper was founded in 1917. As of 1937 its director was Georges Vassié.
 The Journal of Renewable and Sustainable Energy is a free and rapid publishing peer-reviewed online-only open access scientific journal published by the American Institute of Physics covering all areas of renewable and sustainable energy-related fields that apply to the physical science and engineering communities. Online submissions are posted daily and organized into bimonthly issues. The journal was established in 2009.The Co-Editors-in-Chief are P.
 The Silent and the Damned (also known as The Vanished Hands) is the second novel in Robert Wilson's critically acclaimed Javier Falcón series set in Seville. The novel won the Gumshoe Award for Best European Crime Novel in 2006 in the USA where the novel was published with the title The Vanished Hands and was also selected by January Magazine as among the best crime fiction of 2004 [1].
 The Flight to France (French: Le Chemin de France 1887) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne. Several English language editions were published with the subtitle The Flight to France; or The Memoirs of a Dragoon. A Tale of the Day of Dumouriez.
 CCM Magazine is a monthly online magazine about contemporary Christian music published by Salem Publishing a division of Salem Communications.
 Beast Master (ビーストマスタ Bīsuto Masutā) is a shōjo romantic comedy manga by Kyousuke Motomi. It is published in Japan by Shogakukan in Betsucomi and is collected in two tankōbon volumes. It is licensed by Viz Media. This series is about an animal lover and a childish young man who has problems adapting because everyone considered him a beast.
 The Big Guy and Rusty the Boy Robot is a 1995 comic book written by Frank Miller drawn by Geof Darrow and published by Dark Horse Comics. The comic book was adapted into an animated TV series of the same name.
 Columbia City Paper is a free alternative newspaper in Columbia South Carolina featuring investigative articles political commentary humor music arts and entertainment coverage. Founded in August 2005 by Paul F. Blake the paper is based in Columbia South Carolina. Columbia City Paper is distributed throughout South Carolina's capital city and its suburbs.
 You Can Say You Knew Me When is a novel by K.M. Soehnlein (Karl Soehnlein) following his best seller The World of Normal Boys
 Ondine is a play written in 1938 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux based on the 1811 novella Undine by the German Romantic Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué that tells the story of Hans and Ondine. Hans is a knight-errant who has been sent off on a quest by his betrothed. In the forest he meets and falls in love with Ondine a water-sprite who is attracted to the world of mortal man. The subsequent marriage of people from different worlds is of course folly.
 Tellus Series A: Dynamic Meteorology and Oceanography is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Co-action Publishing on behalf of the International Meteorological Institute. Since January 2012 the journal is published open access. Until that time it had been published as a subscription journal by Blackwell Munksgaard.
 Ai Shite Knight (愛してナイト Aishite Naito lit. Love me [my] Knight) is a shōjo manga created in the early 1980s by Kaoru Tada. An anime version of the story in 42 episodes was also produced in 1983-1984 by Toei Animation and features episodes supervised by Shingo Araki (a well-known character designer who worked on many other Toei series such as Cutey Honey Majokko Megu-chan and Saint Seiya). A live action adaptation will be produced.
 The Beresford Republic is the weekly newspaper of Beresford South Dakota. The newspaper is published every Thursday.
 Die Like a Dog is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as The Body in the Hall in the December 1954 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Witnesses published by the Viking Press in 1956.
 Phytopathologia Mediterranea is a scientific journal published by the Mediterranean Phytopathological Union since 1967. It is included in the Journal Citation Reports in the subject category Plant Sciences. The journal publishes original research and reviews in all areas of plant pathology with special attention to the phytopathological problems of the Mediterranean region.
 A Fairy Tale of New York is a novel by Irish American writer J. P. Donleavy published in 1973. The plot concerns Irish-American Cornelius Christian's return to New York after studying in Ireland. The novel was based around Donleavy's earlier work Fairy Tales of New York a successful stage play published in 1961.
 The Next Decade by George Friedman is primarily about the United States' relationships with other countries. The book also discusses the paradox of the empire and the republic and addresses some demographic technological and economic issues primarily those that will affect the 2010s.The main theme of the book is how the American administrations of the next ten years will need to create regional power balances some of which have been disturbed.
 The Devil's Cinema: The Untold Story Behind Mark Twitchell's Kill Room (McClelland & Stewart ISBN 978-0771050336) is a non-fiction book by journalist and author Steve Lillebuen.
 The Psychiatric Quarterly is a peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1915 as The State Hospital Quarterly (OCLC 297361895 and OCLC 559984281). It obtained its current name in 1927.
 The Green Goddess was a popular stage play of 1921 by William Archer. In the three years after its publication the play toured in both America and England. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1920-1921. The 1921 Broadway production four act melodrama was produced and staged by Winthrop Ames. It ran for 175 performances from January 18 1921 to June 1921 at the Booth Theatre.
 The Cobweb is a 1996 novel written by Neal Stephenson with J. Frederick George a pseudonym for Stephenson's uncle historian George Jewsbury. It was originally published under the collective pseudonym Stephen Bury as was their earlier novel Interface (1994).The novel is set in the fictional Iowa twin towns of Wapsipinicon-Nishnabotna named for the Wapsipinicon and Nishnabotna rivers. In many important respects this town resembles Ames Iowa where Stephenson attended Ames High School.
 Alley of First Love (初恋横丁 Hatsukoi Yokochō billed as Ellie Mamahara's Alley of First Love by Blu) is a Japanese boys love manga written and illustrated by Ellie Mamahara. It was released in English by Blu Manga the boys love publishing division of Tokyopop in July 2008. It's about a young man whose high school crush returns from studying abroad for six years and the healing of the rift between them.
 Komarr is a 1998 science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold. It is a part of the Vorkosigan Saga and is the twelfth full-length novel in publication order. It was included in the 2008 omnibus Miles in Love.
 Sangbad Pratidin (Bengali: সংবাদ প্রতিদিন) (literally meaning news every day) is an daily Indian Bengali newspaper published from Kolkata India. Amal Aloy created by cartoonist Amal Chakrabarti is a popular cartoon strip published in the newspaper over a decade.Swapan Sadhan Bose the owner and also currently a Trinamul Congress representative at the Rajya Sabha started publishing Sangbad Pratidin from 9 August 1992.
 Sonic Seducer is a German music magazine that covers goth wave EBM and other kinds of electronic music and culture. The magazine is noted for organizing the annual M'era Luna Festival. Since its inception in 1994 the Sonic Seducer has become one of the major publications of the dark culture in Germany.
 The Globe and Mail is a nationally distributed Canadian newspaper based in Toronto and printed in six cities across the country. With a weekly readership of approximately 1 million it is Canada's largest-circulation national newspaper and second-largest daily newspaper after the Toronto Star. The Globe and Mail is regarded by some as Canada's newspaper of record.
 Then We Came to the End is the first novel by Joshua Ferris. It was released by Little Brown and Company on March 1 2007. A satire of the American workplace it is similar in tone to Don DeLillo's Americana even borrowing DeLillo's first line for its title. It takes place in a Chicago advertising agency that is experiencing a downturn at the end of the 1990s Internet boom. Ferris employs a first-person-plural narrative.
 Endpeace is a 1996 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the thirteenth book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone and starts with Scovie attending a dinner party held by a publishing tycoon. During the night the tycoon is shot dead and Scobie has to find the killer. As part of his research for the novel Cleary visited the offices of the Sydney Morning Herald.
 Gotham by Gaslight is a DC Comics one-shot by Brian Augustyn and Mike Mignola with inks by P. Craig Russell. It spawned a sequel Master of the Future (1991) also written by Augustyn but with art by Eduardo Barreto.Although not originally labeled as such Gotham by Gaslight is considered to be the first Elseworlds story where DC Comics heroes are taken out of their usual setting and put into alternate timelines or realities. Subsequent printings have included the Elseworlds logo.
 Shakespeare's sonnets are a collection of 154 sonnets dealing with themes such as the passage of time love beauty and mortality first published in a 1609 quarto entitled SHAKE-SPEARES SONNETS. Never before imprinted. (although sonnets 138 and 144 had previously been published in the 1599 miscellany The Passionate Pilgrim).
 Dot and Tot of Merryland is a 1901 novel by L. Frank Baum. After Baum wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz he wrote this story about the adventures of a little girl named Dot and a little boy named Tot in a land reached by floating on a river that flowed through a tunnel. The land was called Merryland and was split into seven valleys. The book was illustrated by artist W.W. Denslow who had illustrated three previous Baum books.
 Somebody Somewhere is a book written by the autistic author songwriter screenwriter and artist Donna Williams. It is the 1994 sequel to the bestseller Nobody Nowhere which spent 15 weeks on the New York Times Bestseller List.Somebody Somewhere takes up Williams' story after her diagnosis with autism at the age of 26 after a childhood often thought deaf labelled psychotic then disturbed.
 The John Marshall Journal of Computer and Information Law (Bluebook abbreviation: John Marshall J. of Comp. & Info. Law) is a law review published by a student group at the John Marshall Law School (Chicago). it covers international information technology and privacy law. The journal was cited by a recent decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in Quanta Computer Inc. v. LG Electronics Inc.
 Small Wonder is a collection of 23 essays on environmentalism and social justice by American novelist and biologist Barbara Kingsolver published in 2002 by Harper Collins. It reached number 3 in the New York Times non-fiction paperback best seller list in May 2003. The cover shows two Scarlet Macaws the subject of one of the essays in flight against a tropical forest.
 The Sacred Fount is a novel by Henry James first published in 1901. This strange often baffling book concerns an unnamed narrator who attempts to discover the truth about the love lives of his fellow-guests at a weekend party in the English countryside. He spurns the detective and keyhole methods as ignoble and instead tries to decipher these relationships purely from the behavior and appearance of each guest.
 Diablo III: Book of Cain is the first product based on Diablo III by Blizzard Entertainment. The book was published by Insight Editions on December 13 2011. The book was designed by Jason Babler.
 Cellular and Molecular Life Sciences is a peer-reviewed scientific journal for cellular and molecular life sciences. From 1945 to 1994 it was published under the name Experientia (ISSN 0014-4754).
 Morning Star is a novel by H Rider Haggard set in Ancient Egypt.
 Holy is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror.
 Space Opera is a 1974 anthology of classic science fiction short stories edited by Brian Aldiss.
 The High King (1968) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander the fifth and last of The Chronicles of Prydain. It was awarded the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1969.The series follows the adventures of Taran the Assistant Pig-Keeper as he nears manhood while helping to resist the forces of Arawn Death-Lord. In the concluding volume Taran and companions join the rest of Prydain in a great effort to defeat Arawn directly.
 The Man in the Moone is a book by the English divine and Church of England bishop Francis Godwin (1562–1633) describing a voyage of utopian discovery. Initially considered to be one of his early works it is now generally thought to have been written in the late 1620s. It was first published posthumously in 1638 under the pseudonym of Domingo Gonsales.
 Starz is a manga anime comics magazine in Malaysia. The original theme of the magazine was Majalah Komik Gaya Urban (Urban style comic magazine) but was later changed to Majalah Manga Anime Terkini (Latest manga anime magazine). Its first issue came out on June 4 2004.It is published twice each month by Art Square Creation Sdn. Bhd. Since then Starz has been one of the most popular comic magazines in Malaysia.
 The Impulse Economy: Understanding Mobile Shoppers and What Makes Them Buy is a book by Gary Schwartz that analyzes the evolution of mobile shopper behaviour. The book was first released in 2011 in the US and Canadian markets by Simon & Schuster Atria imprint.The Impulse Economy the first of a series of mobile marketing books published by Simon & Schuster. The second in the series FAST SHOPPER. SLOW STORE was published in 2012.The Impulse Economy was the first NFC enabled smart book.
 Janissaries is a novel by science fiction author Jerry Pournelle. It was originally published in 1979 and was illustrated by comic artist Bermejo. The novel is the first book of Pournelle's Janissaries series. The following books are Janissaries II: Clan and Crown and Janissaries III: Storms of Victory.Like King David's Spaceship a novel in Pournelle's CoDominium Series it is the story of a capable military leader undertaking campaigns on a backward planet.
 Mr. Monk and the Blue Flu is the third novel by writer Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk. Like the previous two books the book is narrated by Natalie Teeger Monk's assistant.
 Ilkeät sisarpuolet (Finnish: The Evil Half Sisters) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 The Frost King was a short story about King Jack Frost written by 11-year-old Helen Keller. Keller's teacher Anne Sullivan had mentioned that the autumn leaves were painted ruby emerald gold crimson and brown and Keller by her own account imagined fairies doing the work. Keller wrote a story about how a cask of jewels being transported by fairy servants and had melted in the sun and covered the leaves.
 City of Glass is a book by Canadian author Douglas Coupland published by Douglas and McIntyre in 2000 featuring short essays and photographs of his home town of Vancouver British Columbia. Each essay deals with a different aspect of the city such as the glass condominium towers which dominate the Vancouver skyline and give the book its title.
 The Menace From Earth is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert A. Heinlein. Published by The Gnome Press in (1959) in an edition of 5000 copies.
 The Great War: Breakthroughs is the third and final installment of the Great War trilogy in the Southern Victory Series of alternate history novels by Harry Turtledove. It takes the Southern Victory Series to 1917.
 The Secret Garden is a novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett. It was initially published in serial format starting in the autumn of 1910 and was first published in its entirety in 1911. It is now one of Burnett's most popular novels and is considered to be a classic of English children's literature. Several stage and film adaptations have been produced.
 Stonemouth is a 2012 novel by Scottish author Iain Banks. The novel was published on 5 April 2012 by Little Brown and Company and follows a man returning to a small seaport town after leaving due to a sexual scandal. The Irish Times picked the book as one of their Books to Read in 2012.
 Big Coal: The Dirty Secret Behind America's Energy Future is a book by Jeff Goodell which claims that coal mining is one of America's largest and most influential industries. Goodell suggests that coal mining is deadly and environmentally destructive.
 j. also known as Jweekly is a weekly print newspaper in Northern California and a Jewish website at jweekly.com. It is owned and operated by San Francisco Jewish Community Publications Inc. It is based in San Francisco California.
 The Capuchin Annual was an Irish annual publication published every year in Dublin by the Capuchins from 1930 to 1977. The motto of the publication was Do chum Glóire Dé agus Onóra na hÉireann (For the Glory of God and the Honour of Ireland).
 The Girl Who Chased Away Sorrow (1999) is a book by Ann Turner part of the Dear America book series fictional diaries of teenage girls during different parts of American history. It was released in 1999 in paperback and 2003 in hardcover. The full title is: Girl Who Chased Away Sorrow The Diary of Sarah Nita a Navajo Girl - it is part of the Dear America series. It is the story of the removal of the Navajos from their land by the U.S.
 City of Dragons is a novel by Robin Hobb the third novel in The Rain Wild Chronicles. It was released in September 2011 and is a direct continuation of the previous novel: Dragon Haven.
 Emma in Winter is a children's novel by British writer Penelope Farmer published in 1966 by Chatto & Windus in the UK and by Harcourt in the USA. It is the second of three books featuring the Makepeace sisters Charlotte and Emma These three books are sometimes known as the Aviary Hall books.[1]
 Swimming to Catalina is the fourth novel in the Stone Barrington series by Stuart Woods.It was first published in 1998 by HarperCollins. The novel takes place in Los Angeles after the events in Dead in the Water. The novel continues the story of Stone Barrington a retired detective turned lawyer/private investigator.
 If I Ran the Zoo is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss in 1950.The book is written in anapestic tetrameter Seuss's usual verse type[citation needed] and illustrated in Seuss's trademark pen and ink style.
 In the Deathroom is a short story by Stephen King. Originally it appeared in the 1999 audiobook Blood and Smoke. In 2000 it was first published in written form in Secret Windows. In 2002 it was collected in King's collection Everything's Eventual.
 Efuru is a novel by Flora Nwapa which was published in 1966 (number 26 in Heinemann's African Writers Series) making it the first book written by a Nigerian woman to be published. The book is about Efuru an Ibo woman who lives in a small village in colonial West Africa. Throughout the story Efuru wishes to be a mother though she is an independent-minded woman and respected for her trading ability.
 Wired For War: The Robotics Revolution and Conflict in the 21st Century (Penguin 2009) is a best-selling book by P. W. Singer. It explores how science fiction has started to play out on modern day battlefields with robots used more and more in war.
 For the rock band see The Great Unraveling (band).The Great Unraveling: Losing Our Way in the New Century is a book by Paul Krugman consisting of a collection of his columns for the New York Times (and some for Slate and Fortune). The collected columns were concerned mainly with the US economy in the early 2000s and about the economic and foreign policies of the George W.
 Fire is a fantasy novel by Kristin Cashore a companion book to her debut novel Graceling. It tells the story of a young monster in the shape of a human who is hated because of her difference and supernatural abilities. The novel debuted at number four on The New York Times Best Seller list and won several awards.
 The Kill Artist is a 2000 spy novel by American author Daniel Silva. It's the first book featuring Gabriel Allon. The Kill Artist was released in the UK on 20 June 2002.
 James' Sum Tyneside Sangs 1898 is a chapbook on Tyneside music published in 1898.
 Adam a novel by renowned author Ted Dekker was released on April 1 2008. This book is not directly tied to any others as many of Dekker's novels are.
 The Philosophical Quarterly is a quarterly academic journal of philosophy established in 1950. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Scots Philosophical Club and the University of St Andrews. The current editor-in-chief is Tim Mulgan. Every year the journal holds an Essay Prize.
 The Wire is a British avant garde music magazine founded in 1982 by jazz promoter Anthony Wood and journalist Chrissie Murray. The magazine initially concentrated on contemporary jazz and improvised music but branched out in the early 1990s to various types of experimental music.
 Mountains And Rivers Without End is an epic poem by American poet and essayist Gary Snyder. Snyder began writing the thirty-nine poems contained in the epic in 1956 and published the final version in 1996. The work is divided into four parts each exploring a different theme.
 The Day of the Scorpion is the 1968 novel by Paul Scott the second in his Raj Quartet.
 Australasian Post or Aussie Post was Australia's longest-running weekly picture magazine.The origins of Australasian Post date back Saturday 3 January 1857 to the first volume of the publication Bell's Life in Victoria and Sporting Chronicle (probably best known for Tom Wills 1858 famous Australian rules football letter). The weekly publication was based on the format of Bell's Life in London and produced by Charles Frederic Somerton in Melbourne.
 Over the Edge is an anthology of horror stories edited by August Derleth. It was released in 1964 by Arkham House in an edition of 2520 copies. The anthology was produced to mark the 25th anniversary of Arkham House. None of the stories had been previously published.
 Conan the Hero is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian and his black counterpart Juma of Kush a character originally created by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter for their Conan story “The City of Skulls.” It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in February 1989 and was reprinted in September 1991 and March 1997.
 Water Music is the first novel by T. C. Boyle first published in 1982. It is a semi-fictional historical adventure novel that is set in the late 18th and early 19th century. It follows the parallel adventures and intertwining fates of its protagonists Ned Rise a luckless petty criminal and the famous explorer Mungo Park - the first a purely fictional character the latter based on a historical person. The book takes place in various locales in Scotland England and Western Africa.
 Conan the Relentless is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in April 1992 and was reprinted in April 1998.
 Ashling is the third book in the Obernewtyn series by Isobelle Carmody.
 Undead and Uneasy is a paranormal romance novel by MaryJanice Davidson. Published in 2007 the plot follows the ever intrepid Betsy Taylor the Queen of the Vampires. It is the sixth of Davidson's Undead series of books.
 Breaktime is a young adult novel by Aidan Chambers. The book follows Ditto who debates with his friend Morgan about the value of literature but has to retreat for a week to sort things out.
 Jhegaala is the eleventh book in Steven Brust′s Vlad Taltos series set in the fantasy world of Dragaera. It was published in 2008. Following the trend of the series it is named after one of the Great Houses and usually features that House as an important element to its plot.Each house uses a creature from the Dragaeran world as their symbol; the jhegaala itself is a creature that metamorphosizes many times throughout its lifespan.
 The Five Greatest Warriors is the third thriller novel in the Jack West Jr. series by the Australian writer Matthew Reilly. The book is the third in an Indiana Jones-style action series. The preceding book was The Six Sacred Stones which ended in a cliffhanger with archaeologist and ex-soldier Jack West Jr. and his team searching for the last four Vertices of the Machine. The series is published by Pan Macmillan and this book was first released on 20 October 2009 in Australia.
 Makedonia (Macedonia Greek: Μακεδονία) is a Greek daily newspaper published in Thessaloniki. Being one of the oldest newspapers in Greece it was first published in 1911 by Konstantinos Vellidis. The present owner is the company Makedoniki Ekdotiki Ektipotiki AE. Currently director of the newspaper is Dimitrios Gousidis the 7th in the last 12 years. Previous directors were Lazaros Chatzinakos Ioannis Kotofolos Traianos Chatzidimitriou Loukas Katsonis Pantelis Savvidis and Kostas Zouraris.
 Prince Otto: A Romance is a novel written by Robert Louis Stevenson first published in 1885.The novel was largely written during 1883. Stevenson referred to Prince Otto as my hardest effort one of the chapters was rewritten eight times by Stevenson and once by his wife.The Robert Louis Stevenson website maintains a complete list of derivative works.
 The Aquitaine Progression is a novel by Robert Ludlum originally published in 1984.
 Panic Spring is a novel by Lawrence Durrell published in 1937 by Faber and Faber in Britain and Covici-Friede in the United States under the pseudonym Charles Norden. It is set on a fictional Greek Island Mavrodaphne in the Ionian Sea somewhere between Patras Kephalonia and Ithaca.
 Dark Matter (German: Schilf) is a 2007 novel by the German writer Juli Zeh. It was published as In Free Fall in the United States. It tells the story of a physics professor who is told he has to kill a man in order to get his kidnapped son back and a detective Schilf who steps in to solve the case. As of December 2011 a German film adaptation directed by Claudia Lehmann was in post-production.
 A Marcha das Utopias is a Portuguese language novel by Brazilian author Oswald de Andrade. It was first published in 1953.
 À vau-l'eau (English: With the Flow or Downstream ) is a short novel (or novella) by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans first published by Henry Kistmaeckers in Brussels on January 26 1882. The work - which has little in the way of plot - tells the story of Jean Folantin a downtrodden Parisian civil service clerk whose quest for even a modicum of happiness or material comfort always ends in failure.
 The Sentinel is a short story written by Arthur C. Clarke in 1948 and first published in 1951 which was expanded and modified into the novel and movie 2001: A Space Odyssey. Clarke had expressed impatience with its common description as the story on which 2001 is based.; he was quoted as saying it was like comparing an acorn to the resulting oak-tree.
 Fire Tripper (炎トリッパー Honoo Torippā literally meaning Flame Tripper) is an anime OVA based on a manga story by Rumiko Takahashi. In North America it was released on VHS by Central Park Media under the Rumik World series (which also included OVAs Laughing Target Maris the Chojo and Mermaid Forest).
 The Jewish Telegraph is a British Jewish newspaper. It was founded in December 1950 by Frank and Vivienne Harris the parents of the current Editor Paul Harris.
 Front rouge ('Red Front') was a communist bimonthly newspaper published from Villejuif France published 1933-1939. Paul Vaillant-Couturier was the editor-in-chief of the newspaper. In 1935 it had a circulation of 4700 by 1937 the circulation had reached 6000.Front rouge was published irregularly as an underground publication during the Second World War.
 Bijutsu-shi (美術史) (lit. Art History) is a biannual academic journal of art history with a particular focus upon Japanese art. It is published in Japanese with summaries in English by The Japan Art History Society. The publication is also known as The Journal of the Japan Art History Society.
 The Naked Sun is an English language science fiction novel the second in Isaac Asimov's Robot series.
 Interview is an American magazine which has the nickname The Crystal Ball of Pop. It was founded in late 1969 by artist Andy Warhol. The magazine features intimate conversations between some of the world's biggest celebrities artists musicians and creative thinkers. Interviews are usually unedited or edited in the eccentric fashion of Warhol's books and The Philosophy of Andy Warhol: From A to B and Back Again.
 The Last Days: the Apocryphon of Joe Panther is a 1998 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Andrew Masterson.
 Prodigal Summer (2000) is the fifth novel by American author Barbara Kingsolver. Heavily emphasizing ecological themes and her trademark interweaving plots this novel tells three stories of love loss and connections in rural Virginia.
 Vaaren is a novel written by Norwegian Nobel laureate Sigrid Undset published in 1914. The book was a hit with the public and had four impressions during the first year from its release. The protagonists Rose Wegener and Torkild Christensen enter a happy marriage but face problems after the death of their child.
 The Bridges of Madison County is a 1992 best-selling novel by Robert James Waller which tells the story of a married but lonely Italian woman living in 1960s Madison County Iowa who engages in an affair with a National Geographic photographer from Bellingham Washington who is visiting Madison County in order to create a photographic essay on the covered bridges in the area. The novel is presented as a novelization of a true story but it is in fact entirely fictional.
 BEEB was a short-lived weekly children's magazine centred on the BBC's most popular programmes at the time of its publication. It was published by Polystyle Publications and was created as a competitor to ITV's Look-in magazine. It lasted 20 issues between 29 January 1985 and 11 June 1985. There was no announcement in the last issue or any resolution to the ongoing comic serials.
 REM (Real Estate Magazine) is a monthly Canadian real estate trade journal. It is commonly referred to by its abbreviated title REM (pronounced as one word /ˈrɛm/).
 The Voice of the Night is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1980 under the pseudonym Brian Coffey.
 Archiv für Geschichte der Philosophie (English: Archive for the History of Philosophy) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy publishing in German English French and Italian. It focuses on the history of philosophy.
 A Dozen and One Adventures is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy tabletop role-playing game published in 1993.
 Accountability in Research is a peer reviewed academic journal published by Taylor & Francis examining systems for ensuring integrity in the conduct of biomedical research.
 Outlanders (アウトランダーズ Autorandāzu) is a popular manga comic written by Johji Manabe combining aspects of the space opera science fantasy fan service magical girlfriend and harem genres.
 The Driffield Times is a weekly newspaper in Driffield East Riding of Yorkshire England. It is owned by Yorkshire regional Newspapers Ltd a subsidy of the Johnston Press publishing empire.
 Anales de Física was a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in all areas of physics published by the Royal Spanish Society of Physics (Real Sociedad Española de Física). It continued Anales de la Real Sociedad Española de Física y Química/Serie A Física and its first independent title was: Anales de Física 1968 (vol 64) to 1980 (vol. 76; ISSN 0365-4818 CODEN: ANFIA6)From 1981 (vol. 77 (1981) to Vol.
 The Golden One is the 14th in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 Level 7 is a 1959 science fiction novel by the American writer Mordecai Roshwald. It is told from the first person perspective (diary) of a modern soldier X-127 living in the underground military complex Level 7 where he is expected to reside permanently fulfilling the role of commanding his nation's nuclear weapons.
 IDS HR in Practice is a subscription-based online service offering analysis and coverage of best practice in all major areas of HR. It features named case studies and benchmarking data on a wide range of employee benefits and allowances. The HR module of http://ids.thomsonreuters.com the service was launched in 2012 and is the successor to the fortnightly journal IDS HR Studies.
 Wizard of the Pigeons is a 1985 urban fantasy novel set in Seattle Washington by Megan Lindholm issued as a paperback original by Ace Books and reprinted in hardcover by Hypatia Press in 1994. Several UK editions have also been published. The book deals delicately with many serious topics such as homelessness poverty and mental illness asking more questions than it answers.
 Yale French Studies is an academic journal published biannually by Yale University Press and connected with the French department at Yale University. It was established in 1948 and is edited by Alyson Waters.
 Peace on Earth (Pokój na Ziemi in Polish) is a 1987 science fiction novel by Stanisław Lem. The novel describes in a satirical tone the ultimate implications of the arms race.The evolution of artificial intelligence has allowed major world powers to sign a rather curious treaty: the Moon is divided into national zones (proportional to each nation's Earth real estate) and all weapons development and production must be moved there to be handled by factories.
 Outsource is a cross-channel publication and serves a senior management audience on thought leadership surrounding sourcing and shoring strategy. The magazine has an circulation verified by the ABC during January and December 2012 of 11361 (average per issue) building on its 2011 audit making it the first magazine in the outsourcing sector to achieve this audited status Outsource is one of several of magazines published by EMP Media Ltd.
 Sycamore Review is an American literary journal based at Purdue University in West Lafayette Indiana. Each year the journal awards the Wabash Prizes for Fiction and Poetry.
 Here Comes Civilization is a collection of 27 science fiction stories written by William Tenn the second of two volumes presenting Tenn's complete body of science fiction writings. It features an introduction by Robert Silverberg and an afterword by George Zebrowski. Tenn provides afterwords to each story describing how they came to be written.
 A Stone For Danny Fisher is a very serious early novel by Harold Robbins that looks at the effect of the Great Depression on a lower-middle class Jewish family. Written in 1952 it is actually set in the period up to 1944.
 Seek: Reports from the Edges of America & Beyond is a 2001 collection of essays by Denis Johnson. The book chronicles the author's travels through Africa Afghanistan and America. Spanning two decades his essays are generally sympathetic towards the obscure groups of people he encounters in his travels. The essays were previously published elsewhere including in Esquire and The Paris Review. Seek is Johnson's first nonfiction collection.
 Notes on the Synthesis of Form is a book by Christopher Alexander about the process of design.
 Devil Survivor 2: The Animation (デビルサバイバー2: The Animation Debiru Sabaibā Tsū: The Animation) is a 2013 anime series based on the 2011 Nintendo DS video game Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor 2 by Atlus. The series was directed by Seiji Kishi with series composition by Makoto Uezu based on the original story by Atlus and animated by Bridge. The series stars voice actors Hiroshi Kamiya as Hibiki Kuze along with Nobuhiko Okamoto Aya Uchida Junichi Suwabe and Takahiro Sakurai.
 Zorgamazoo (2008) is Canadian children's author Robert Paul Weston's first novel. The work is a fantasy adventure written entirely in rhyming anapestic tetrameter.The story follows a young girl named Katrina Katrell who runs away from home when her guardian threatens her with a lobotomy. Seeking shelter beneath the street she meets Mortimer Yorgle who belongs to a subterranean race of creatures called zorgles.
 Pick Me Up is an encyclopedic non-fiction book primarily intended for children. As the cover states it is a collection of Stuff you need to know. Pick Me Up is arranged into eight categories. These are: Science Technology and Space; Society Places and Beliefs; History; The Natural World; People Who Made the World; Arts Entertainment and Media; You and Your Body; and Planet Earth. Each category has 10–40 separate articles. Pick Me Up was created by David Roberts and Jeremy Leslie.
 A Briefer History of Time is a science humor book by the American astronomer Eric Schulman. In this book Schulman presents humorous summaries of what he claims are the fifty-three most important events since the beginning of time.The title and cover are a parody of Stephen Hawking's book A Brief History of Time. Coincidentally Hawking would later write a sequel entitled A Briefer History of Time.
 Poets & Writers Inc. is one of the largest nonprofit literary organizations in the United States serving poets fiction writers and creative nonfiction writers. The organization publishes a bi-monthly magazine called Poets & Writers Magazine and is headquartered in New York City.
 The Man of Reason: 'Male' and 'Female' in Western Philosophy is a 1984 book by the Australian philosopher Genevieve Lloyd.
 Hrolf Kraki's Saga is a fantasy novel by Poul Anderson. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the sixty-second volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in October 1973 and has been reprinted a number of times since.
 R.M. Williams Outback (or simply Outback) is a bi-monthly magazine of Australia. Its center of focus and target audience are toward Australians living and working in the Australian Outback. It commonly features stories articles and advertisements about life on a ranch work and products thereof. It is published in Australia and circulated primarily in Australia and New Zealand although subscription is available world wide.Cover price of a single issue is $8.95 and $9.90.
 The Curse of Naar is the twentieth book in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever. This is the final book in the Grand Master series and the last one released in North America.
 Popper and After: Four Modern Irrationalists is a book by David Charles Stove first published by Pergamon Press in 1982.
 The Society On Da Run: Dragons and cicadas (mostly abbreviated as TSODR) is a collection of loosely linked science fiction short stories by African American author L'Poni Baldwin. The book centers around the Space Dragon empire Draconizica and the humans and creatures they interact with. It takes place on Earth in the Roman era Victorian Era Modern era and the future as well as on various other planets most notably the Dragon homeworld.
 The Athens News was an English-language newspaper published in Greece.It was founded by Yannis Horn brother of Dimitris Horn and first appeared on 29 January 1952. It closed down permanently in March 2013 after a long period of economic problems making it a victim of the Greek crisis. In 1993 the Athens News was redesigned and revamped when it was acquired by the Lambrakis Foundation a non-profit research centre specialising in education.
 Titus Alone is a novel written by Mervyn Peake and first published in 1959. It is the fourth work in the Gormenghast series. The other works in the series are Titus Groan Gormenghast the novella Boy in Darkness and the fragment Titus Awakes. It was re-edited by Langdon Jones in 1970 using more of the original manuscript.
 Housekeeping vs. The Dirt is a 2006 collection of essays from The Believer written by Nick Hornby. It follows on from another collection of columns from the same magazine entitled The Polysyllabic Spree.
 Death of the Black-Haired Girl is the eighth published novel by author Robert Stone. The hardcover version was published on November 12 2013. The e-book edition was released a week before on November 5 2013.
 The Surge: A Military History is a military history by Kimberly Kagan about the Iraq War troop surge of 2007. The book describes events in Iraq starting from late 2006 before the surge to early 2008 focusing on the details of military operations on a week by week basis.
 Death of an Expert Witness is an Adam Dalgliesh novel by P. D. James published in 1977. It begins with the discovery of a murder of young girl. However this is not the focus of the novel but rather is used as a method to introduce us to the staff of a forensic laboratory the background of this mystery. The actual murder of Dr. Lorrimer an experienced expert witness is only discovered in the second section of the book.
 All in a Lifetime by Frank Buck with Ferrin Fraser is Buck’s autobiography.Buck spent much of his life collecting wild animals and as a boy was a bit wild himself. He became a bellhop in a Chicago hotel got into bad company and just missed becoming a safe blower. He was a fighting fool who loved the lusty thud of fists on flesh.Buck's marriage to Amy Leslie drama critic for the Chicago Daily News brought him in contact with many people of the stage.
 Walking Trees: Teaching Teachers in New York City Schools is a book by Ralph Fletcher. It was first published in 1990. It was published again in 1995 under a slightly different title Walking Trees: Portraits of Teachers and Children in the Culture of Schools.
 Diwa: Studies in Philosophy and Theology (Diwa) is a refereed journal published twice a year by the Graduate Schools of Divine Word Seminary and Christ the King Mission Seminary in the Philippines. First published in 1976 Diwa is released every May and November. It features scholarly articles critical lectures book reviews and book notices by faculty members of Christ the King Seminary and Divine Word Seminary and other invited scholars.
 Humanity: An International Journal of Human Rights Humanitarianism and Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on human rights humanitarianism and development in the modern world. Contributions come from the fields of anthropology law literature history philosophy and politics. The journal is published biannually by the University of Pennsylvania Press.
 Don't Dream is a collection of science fiction fantasy and horror stories by author Donald Wandrei. It was released in 1997 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 2000 copies. The collection also includes a number of Wandrei's essays and prose poems. Many of the stories essays and poems originally appeared in the magazines The Minnesota Quarterly Weird Tales Astounding Stories Fantasy Magazine Argosy Esquire Unknown and Leaves.
 The Letters of Kingsley Amis (2001) was assembled and edited by the American literary critic Zachary Leader. It is a collection of more than 800 letters from Amis to many different friends and professional acquaintances from 1941 until shortly before his death in 1995.
 La Tosca is a five-act drama by the 19th-century French playwright Victorien Sardou. It was first performed on 24 November 1887 at the Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin in Paris with Sarah Bernhardt in the title role. Despite negative reviews from the Paris critics at the opening night it became one of Sardou's most successful plays and was toured by Bernhardt throughout the world in the years following its premiere.
 Modern Fix is a monthly music and culture magazine that is published bi-monthly by Drone Inc. The magazine's main focus is music-based in addition to videogame coverage comedian interviews (David Cross Lewis Black etc.) and comics (Too Much Coffee Man).The bands Thursday (band) Thrice and The Unicorns received their first cover feature in Modern Fix.
 AlterNative: An International Journal of Indigenous Peoples is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers indigenous scholarship from around the globe. It features a multidisciplinary approach to the study of ethnic minorities covering themes of place history colonialism policy development and self-determination. The journal was established in 2005 by Ngā Pae o te Māramatanga New Zealand’s Māori Centre of Research Excellence and is published twice a year.
 Acceptance is a 2014 novel by Jeff VanderMeer. It is the last in a series of three books called the Southern Reach Trilogy. It is scheduled to be released in September 2014. On March 15 2014 Buzzfeed gave an exclusive first look at the cover to Acceptance along with an interview with Jeff VanderMeer.
 Knuffle Bunny: A Cautionary Tale is a children's picture book by Mo Willems. Released by Hyperion Books in 2004 an illustrated version of the book won the 2005 Caldecott Honor. The story also spawned an animated short which won the Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Children's Video in 2007. In August 2007 the sequel Knuffle Bunny Too: A Case of Mistaken Identity was published. The sequel follows the main character Trixie from the original Knuffle Bunny three years later.
 La Gazzetta dello Sport [la ɡadˈdzetta ˈdello ˈspɔrt] is an Italian newspaper dedicated to coverage of various sports. It was first published on 3 April 1896 allowing it to cover the first modern Olympic Games held in Athens. Its role extends beyond news reporting and features to direct involvement in major events including (since 1909) organization of the Giro d'Italia (Tour of Italy) cycling stage race.
 Sunneva keisarin kaupungissa (Finnish: Sunneva in the Emperor's City) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 The Tablet is a self-described progressive Catholic international weekly review published in London.
 The Warriors of Spider is the first book in the Spider Trilogy written by W. Michael Gear and first published in 1988. The story is set roughly 600 years in the future sometime between 2600 and 2700.This book contains much of the same themes as the Forbidden Borders trilogy of worshiping God though experience.
 The Retreat (French: Il neigeait) is a historic novel by the French author Patrick Rambaud that was first published in 2000. The English translation by Will Hobson appeared in 2004. The Retreat describes the occupation of Moscow by the French Army in 1812 and its disastrous retreat. The action in the novel follows closely historical observations and descriptions as seen from the French perspective.
 Generation Warriors is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Moon. published by Baen Books in 1990. It concludes the Planet Pirates trilogy (1990–1991) which McCaffrey wrote alternately with Moon and Jody Lynn Nye and it is the last book in the Ireta series that she initiated with Dinosaur Planet in 1978.
 The Best of Stanley G. Weinbaum is a collection of science fiction stories by Stanley G. Weinbaum published in 1974 as an original paperback by Ballantine Books. The volume included an introduction by Isaac Asimov and an afterword by Robert Bloch. Ballantine reissued the collection twice in the later 1970s; Garland Publishing published a library hardcover edition in 1973 and Sphere Books released a UK market edition in 1977 under the title A Martian Odyssey and Other Stories.
 Too Late the Phalarope is the second novel of Alan Paton the South African author who is best known for writing Cry the Beloved Country.The summary on the dust jacket of the first UK edition reads in part; 'The setting is again South Africa but the tragedy this time is of a white man who for complicated reasons some of them not unconnected with his childhood and training succumbs to the very temptations he might have been thought strong enough to resist.
 Lovemarks is a marketing concept that is intended to replace the idea of brands. The idea was first widely publicized in a book of the same name written by Kevin Roberts CEO of the advertising agency Saatchi & Saatchi. In the book Roberts claims Brands are running out of juice. He considers that love is what is needed to rescue brands.
 Stormwatch is a fictional superhero team originally published by WildStorm. The original version of the team was a United Nations-sponsored superhero group appearing in the WildStorm Universe of superheroes originating at a time when WildStorm was an imprint of Image Comics. In later comics set in the DC Universe and published by DC Comics the group is a highly-secretive group of superheroes who tackle dangerous missions while remaining completely unknown to the larger superhero community.
 The Dream Songs is a compilation of two books of poetry 77 Dream Songs (1964) and His Toy His Dream His Rest (1968) by the American poet John Berryman. According to Berryman's Note to The Dream Songs This volume combines 77 Dream Songs and His Toy His Dream His Rest comprising Books I through VII of a poem whose working title since 1955 has been The Dream Songs. So as this note indicates Berryman clearly intended the two books to be read as a single work.
 Icons of Evolution is a book by Jonathan Wells an intelligent design advocate and fellow of the Discovery Institute which also includes a 2002 video companion. In the book Wells criticized the paradigm of evolution by attacking how it is taught. In 2000 Wells summarized the book's contents in an article in the American Spectator.
 Shojo Beat is a shōjo manga magazine formerly published in North America by Viz Media. Released in June 2005 as a sister magazine to Shonen Jump it featured serialized chapters from six manga series as well as articles on Japanese culture manga anime fashion and beauty. After its initial launch Shojo Beat underwent two redesigns becoming the first English anthology to use the cyan and magenta ink tones common to Japanese manga anthologies.
 The Incorporated Knight is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp the first book in his sequence of two Neo-Napolitanian novels. Chapters 1-5 first appeared as the short stories Two Yards of Dragon The Coronet Spider Love and Eudoric's Unicorn in Flashing Swords! The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and The Year's Best Fantasy Stories in 1976-1977.
 Al Capone Does My Shirts is a 2004 young adult novel written by Southern California-based author Gennifer Choldenko. The book was named as a Newbery Honor selection and in 2007 it received the California Young Reader Medal.
 The Reptile Room is the second novel of the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket. It was later released in paperback under the title The Reptile Room; or Murder! Having just escaped from the greedy and evil Count Olaf in the first book the Baudelaire children are now taken to live with another relative Dr. Montgomery. While the children find Dr.
 A Thief in the Night is a 1905 collection of short stories by Ernest William Hornung featuring his popular character A. J. Raffles. It was the third book in the series and the final collection of short stories.
 Toast: And Other Rusted Futures is an English language collection of science fiction short stories by Charles Stross published in 2002 by Cosmos Books. Almost all of the stories in the collection were originally published between 1990 and 2000 in the SF magazines Interzone Spectrum SF and Odyssey.The subtitle of the collection as explained by Stross in his introduction refers to the way that predictions of the future in SF stories become rapidly obsolete by the progress of actual events.
 Beat Generation is a play written by Jack Kerouac upon returning home to Florida after his seminal work On the Road had been published in 1957.
 The Northern Light is a 1958 novel by A. J. Cronin. In the story The Northern Light is a respected local newspaper which has just resisted a takeover bid from a London conglomerate. The book is about the London company's unsuccessful attempt to ruin the paper by running a sensationalist rival paper.
 Requiem for a Spanish Peasant (Réquiem por un campesino español) is a famous short novel in twentieth-century Spanish literature by Aragonese writer Ramón J. Sender. It relates the thoughts and memories of Mosén Millán a Catholic parish priest as he sits in the vestry of a church in a nameless Aragonese village preparing to conduct a requiem mass to celebrate the life of a young peasant named Paco killed by the Nationalist army a year earlier at the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War.
 The Chicago Tribune is a major daily newspaper based in Chicago Illinois United States and the flagship publication of the Tribune Company.
 Death in Five Boxes is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his associate Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 Camber of Culdi is fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ballantine Books on June 12 1976. It was the fourth novel in Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the first book in her second Deryni trilogy The Legends of Camber of Culdi. The Legends trilogy serves as prequels to The Chronicles of the Deryni series that Kurtz wrote from 1970 to 1973 and it details the events that occurred two centuries before the Chronicles trilogy.
 The Berlin Paper was the English-language version of the Berlin-based newspaper Der Tagesspiegel.Founded and edited by Michael Scaturro the site appeared online from 2005 until 2008.
 The Daily Gleaner is a morning daily newspaper serving the city of Fredericton New Brunswick and the upper Saint John River Valley. The paper is published Monday through Saturday and began operating in 1880. In April 2006 the paper switched from afternoon to morning publication. The offices of the Daily Gleaner are located on Prospect Street on the city's south side. The Gleaner as it is called locally is part of Brunswick News Inc. which is privately owned by James K.
 The Journal of Stem Cells & Regenerative Medicine is an open-access online scientific journal. It is the official journal of the German Society for Stem Cell Research and publishes research articles focusing on stem cells and regenerative medicine and related fields.
 The Yadkin Ripple is a weekly newspaper based in Yadkinville North Carolina. It was first published in East Bend North Carolina on October 18 1892.The Ripple published on Thursdays was purchased in June 2007 by Heartland Publications. It has a circulation of 5740 according to the UNC-Chapel Hill School of Journalism and Mass Communications. It shares a publisher and its production staff with The Tribune in Elkin and is printed at The Mount Airy News.
 The Good Parents is the second full-length novel written by Joan London. It was first published in 2008. The book concerns an eighteen-year-old girl Maya de Jong who moves to Melbourne and becomes involved in a relationship with her boss. When Maya's parents come to Melbourne to stay with her they find that Maya has disappeared. London says of the role of parents with older children There's nothing much you can do except wait and be there.
 The Greeks is a 1951 non-fiction book on classical Greece by University of Bristol professor and translator HDF Kitto. The book was first published in hardback by Penguin Books but has been republished in several formats since its initial publication.
 The Broken Bubble is an early mainstream novel by noted science fiction author Philip K. Dick. It was written somewhere around 1956 under the longer title The Broken Bubble of Thisbe Holt but was rejected for publication in the 1950s as were all of Dick's straight (non-SF) novels at the time. It was published in hardcover posthumously with a shortened title in 1988.
 A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag is a novel by Gordon Korman a Canadian-born author who now lives in New York City.The main characters are Raymond Jardine and Sean Delancy. Sean is a popular student a starter on the high school basketball team. Raymond Jardine is the man with no luck and therefore is constantly scheming to get to the Greek Island Theamelpos that he calls the luck place in order to cure his absence of luck.
 Young You (ヤングユー Yangu Yū) was a Japanese josei manga magazine published by Shueisha aimed at young women. It was first published in 1986 and ran for almost twenty years until its discontinuation in October 2005. On its closure Shueisha moved several series being serialized in Young You into its sister magazines Chorus and You.
 The Double Tongue is a novel by William Golding. It was found in draft form after his death and published posthumously.Golding's final novel tells the story of the Pythia the priestess of Apollo at Delphi. Arieka prophesies in the shadowy years of the 1st century BC when the Romans were securing their grip on the tribes and cities of Greece. The plain unloved daughter of a local grandee she is rescued from the contempt and neglect of her family by her Delphic role.
 Oakleaf Bearers or The Battle for Skandia in the United States is the fourth novel in the Ranger's Apprentice book series which was written by Australian author John Flanagan.This book was a finalist for the 2006 Aurealis Award for Best Children's Novel. The book continues to track Will and includes such characters as Halt his mentor and Horace his best friend.
 The Leper of Saint Giles is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in October 1139. It is the fifth novel in The Cadfael Chronicles and was first published in 1984 (1981 in literature).The book includes a map of the Abbey the town of Shrewsbury St.
 Mr Meeson's Willis a 1888 novel by H. Rider Haggard. It was based on a well known anecdote of the time.
 Invasion is a 1975 novel by author Dean Koontz. In 1994 Koontz re-released the book under a new name- Winter Moon. He also updated and revised it. Winter Moon is the current title under which the book can be purchased. Although Winter Moon acknowledges the fact that Koontz is the author of the book Invasion was released under the pseudonym Aaron Wolfe. Invasion shall hereafter be referred to as Winter Moon.Winter Moon is a suspense novel with a moderate amount of horror mixed in.
 Tomb of the Golden Bird (2006) is the 18th in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 Family Guy: It Takes a Village Idiot and I Married One is an American humor book about Family Guy written by executive story editor Cherry Chevapravatdumrong and writer/voice actress Alex Borstein. The book was first published on 8 May 2007. The book is a biographical monologue by Lois Griffin discussing her memories of growing up and to her attempted run for mayor in the town of Quahog.
 The Year My Parents Ruined My Life is a 1997 novel written by Martha Freeman.
 Mutiny on the Amistad: The Saga of a Slave Revolt and Its Impact on American Abolition Law and Diplomacy (1987) is a history of a notable slave mutiny of 1839 and its aftermath written by professor Howard Jones.The book explores the events surrounding the slave mutiny on the Spanish schooner Amistad in 1839. The ship was taken into United States custody off the south coast of Long Island New York.
 Magic Lessons is the second installment in Justine Larbalestier's Magic or Madness Trilogy. It was released in 2006.
 The Lost World is a novel released in 1912 by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle concerning an expedition to a plateau in the Amazon basin of South America where prehistoric animals (dinosaurs and other extinct creatures) still survive. It was originally published serially in the popular Strand Magazine and illustrated by New Zealand born artist Harry Rountree during the months of April–November 1912. The character of Professor Challenger was introduced in this book.
 Jar City also known as Tainted Blood (Icelandic: Mýrin The Bog) (About this sound listen ) is a crime novel by Icelandic author Arnaldur Indriðason first published in Iceland in 2000. In the UK the title was changed to Tainted Blood when the paperback edition was released.The novel won the Scandinavian crime writers' Glass Key award in 2002.
 The Book of Merlyn is an Arthurian fantasy book written by T. H. White. It is the conclusion of The Once and Future King but it was published separately and posthumously.
 Speech and Phenomena: And Other Essays on Husserl's Theory of Signs (French: La Voix et le Phénomène) is a book by French philosopher Jacques Derrida. It was published in 1967 alongside Of Grammatology and Writing and Difference.
 Susana is an Argentine magazine for women directed by Susana Giménez the biggest celebrity in Argentine television. Inspired by other international figures' publications such as O the Oprah Magazine by Oprah Winfrey and AR by Ana Rosa Quintana the magazine is named after her and she is featured in every cover.
 The Reading Eagle is the major daily newspaper in Reading Pennsylvania in the United States. This family-owned newspaper has a daily circulation of 49375 and a Sunday circulation of 70832. It serves the Reading and Berks County region of Pennsylvania.
 Sally the Witch (魔法使いサリー Mahōtsukai Sarī) is the first magical girl genre anime in Japan. This may (even more broadly) be the first shōjo anime as well. The first magical girl manga was Himitsu no Akko-chan but it took longer to be adapted into an anime. Both series deal with henshin style transformations (such as Sailor Moon) but neither is the first anime to feature this. Another henshin magical girl anime that aired between the two anime was Princess Knight.
 Salmagundi; or The Whim-whams and Opinions of Launcelot Langstaff Esq. & Others commonly referred to as Salmagundi was a 19th-century satirical periodical created and written by American writer Washington Irving. Written in collaboration with Irving's oldest brother William and James Kirke Paulding Irving produced twenty issues at irregular intervals between January 24 1807 and January 15 1808.Salmagundi lampooned New York culture and politics in a manner much like today's Mad magazine.
 The Beano is a long running British children's comic published by D. C. Thomson & Co.The comic first appeared on 30 July 1938 and was published weekly. During World War II The Beano and The Dandy were published on alternating weeks because of paper and ink rationing. D. C. Thomson's other publications also suffered with the Oor Wullie and The Broons annuals falling victim to paper and ink shortages.
 Est: Playing the Game the New Way is a non-fiction book by Carl Frederick first published in 1976 by Delacorte Press New York. The book describes in words the basic message of Werner Erhard's Erhard Seminars Training (est) theatrical experience. Erhard/est sued in federal court in the United States to stop the book from publication but the suit failed.
 Fire in the Nuts is a semi-autobiographical short story written by Hunter S. Thompson in the late 1950s. It was released in late 2004 in an extremely limited edition of 176 copies all numbered and signed by Thompson and illustrator Ralph Steadman.
 Lions in the Street: The Inside Story of the Great Wall Street Law Firms is a 1973 book by Paul Hoffman. The book describes the great Wall Street law firms of the 1970s prominent cases traditions and a community of high-profile lawyers.
 Ámbito Financiero is an Argentine newspaper founded on December 9 1976 by economist Julio A. Ramos. It was initially sold in downtown Buenos Aires covering mainly the daily prices of the U.S. dollar gold stocks etc. and included other editorials.The newspaper became successful making it a reliable source of reference to investors and operators of the city.
 The Scourge of God (2008) is an alternate history post-apocalyptic novel by S. M. Stirling. It is the fifth book in the Emberverse series. The novel continues the journey of Rudi Mackenzie and his companions as they travel across the former United States a generation after The Change killed off technology and plunged the world into a new Dark Age on their quest to Nantucket where rumor says The Change originated.
 The Singing Bell is a science fiction mystery short story by Isaac Asimov that first appeared in the January 1955 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and was reprinted in the 1968 collection Asimov's Mysteries. The Singing Bell was the first of Asimov's Wendell Urth stories.
 The Birds of Haiti and the Dominican Republic is a book published as no.155 in the zoological monograph series Bulletins of the United States National Museum. It was authored by Alexander Wetmore with the assistance of Bradshaw H. Swales and was published by the Smithsonian Institution in Washington DC in 1931. It is in octavo format (248 x 156 mm) and contains iv + 484 pages bound in a grey paper cover.
 Chowronghee is a novel by Bengali author Sankar. First published in Bengali in 1962 the novel became a bestseller and was translated into a number of Indian languages and made into a film and a play. It is considered arguably Sankar's most popular book a classic novel in Bengali. The novel translated into English by Arunava Sinha won the Vodafone Crossword Book Award 2007 for the best translation. The novel was shortlisted for Independent Foreign Fiction Prize in 2010.
 Kill Your Boyfriend is the title of a comic book one-shot written by Grant Morrison and drawn by Philip Bond and D'Israeli for DC Comics Vertigo imprint in June 1995.
 Race Rebels: Culture Politics and the Black Working Class is a 1994 non-fiction book by American writer Robin D. G. Kelley. The book a cohesive adaptation of several articles previously published by Kelley concerns the impact made by black members of the American working class on American politics and culture. Kelley's work does not focus solely on race but considers the compound impact of race class and gender.
 Bert och bacillerna (Swedish: Bert and the bacilli) is a diary-style novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1997. It tells the story of Bert Ljung from 7 November to 31 December the year he turns 12 during the autumn term in 5th grade at his school in Sweden.
 Swords Against Darkness V is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andrew J. Offutt. It was first published in paperback by Zebra Books in November 1979.The book collects twelve short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors together with a foreword by Offutt.
 Joyland is a novel by Stephen King published in 2013 by Hard Case Crime. It is King's second book for the imprint following The Colorado Kid (2005). The first edition was released only in paperback with the cover art created by Robert McGinnis and Glen Orbik. A limited hardcover edition followed a week later. The novel was nominated for the 2014 Edgar Award for Best Paperback Original.
 A Liar's Autobiography Volume VI is a comical autobiography written by Graham Chapman of Monty Python fame featuring a fictionalised account of his life. First published in Britain in 1980 it was republished in 1991 1999 and 2011.Unusually for an autobiography the work is credited inside to five authors: Chapman his partner David Sherlock Alex Martin Douglas Adams and David A. Yallop.
 Spangle is a historical novel written by Gary Jennings and first published in 1987.
 Into the Labyrinth (1993) is the sixth novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman in their The Death Gate Cycle.
 Ponni is a Malayalam novel written by Malayattoor Ramakrishnan in 1967. It is based on the lifestyle of Adivasis of Attappady at Malleswaram Hills.
 The Britannica Arabic / Aljazem is Encyclopedia Britannica's Arabic-English-Arabic online dictionary for Arabic speakers and learners around the world. Britannica Arabic / Aljazem was published first in 2011 following many years of extensive work and research in the world of Natural Language Processing (NLP). Aljazem is a broad dictionary combined with a plethora of useful features which provides a simple user experience.
 Peaches For Monsieur le Curé is a 2012 novel by the author Joanne Harris. Its alternative US title is Peaches for Father Francis. It is the third chapter in the author's series of Chocolat books of which the second is The Lollipop Shoes (The Girl With No Shadow). Set in France in 2010 just at the beginning of Ramadan it is the tale of two communities culturally different but in many ways alike and the woman who brings them together.[2]
 Malarvadi is a children's magazine published by the Islamic Service Trust (IST) Kerala. It was started from Kochi in 1980 by Movement of Islam Trust Kodungallur.Its early contributors included prominent personalities in Malayalam literature such as MT Vasudevan Nair Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai Vaikom Muhammad Basheer N. P. Mohammed C. Radhakrishnan and artists such as BM Gafoor Yesudasan Paul Kallanode and Venu.
 Sabre-Tooth is the title of an action-adventure novel by Peter O'Donnell which was first published in 1966 featuring the character Modesty Blaise which O'Donnell had created for the comic strip of the title. It was the second novel to feature the character though technically it was the first original novel as the preceding volume was a novelisation of a movie screenplay.This story introduces the American millionaire John Dall who reappears in many of the following books.
 The African Human Rights Law Journal publishes peer-reviewed contributions dealing with human rights related topics of relevance to Africa Africans and scholars of Africa. The journal appears twice a year in March and October.
 Keeper of Dreams (2008) is a short story collection by Orson Scott Card. It contains twenty-two stories by Card which do not appear in his collection Maps in a Mirror. This collection was released on April 15 2008.
 Cycles of Time: An Extraordinary New View of the Universe is a science book by mathematical physicist Roger Penrose published by The Bodley Head in 2010. The book outlines Penrose's Conformal Cyclic Cosmology (CCC) model which is an extension of general relativity but opposed to the widely supported multidimensional string theories and cosmological inflation following the Big Bang.
 Commercial Providence: The Secret Destiny of the American Empire is a book written by Patrick Mendis in which he puts forward a new theory about the original conviction and commercial vision of the Founding Fathers of the United States. The foreword to the book is written by Stephen Joel Trachtenberg president emeritus of the George Washington University.
 ʻElepaio is the peer-reviewed journal of the Hawaii Audubon Society (the Hawaii chapter of the National Audubon Society). It is named after a small Hawaiian bird and is issued nine times a year.
 Sabbatical: A Romance is a novel by the American writer John Barth published in 1982. The story is centered on a yacht race through the Chesapeake Bay and also include the case of the death of ex-CIA officer John Arthur Paisley.
 Golf Monthly is a monthly golfing magazine published by IPC Media. It is edited by Michael Harris.
 Choosing Death: The Improbable History of Death Metal & Grindcore is a book by Albert Mudrian the founding editor-in-chief of Decibel a monthly magazine devoted to heavy metal music. The book was published in 2004 and details the evolution of the death metal and grindcore musical genres from its beginnings as a small subculture exchanging compact cassettes to a genre where some artists reach million-dollar sales.It contains an introduction from the late BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel.
 Captain from Castile is a historical adventure novel by author Samuel Shellabarger originally published in 1945.The novel relates the adventures of young Spanish nobleman Pedro de Vargas during the early years of the 16th century focusing mainly on his mistreatment by the Spanish Inquisition his adventures in Mexico while serving as a captain during Hernan Cortez' conquest of the Aztecs and his subsequent return to Spain.
 Little Eva: The Flower of the South is an 1853 children's novel written by Philip J. Cozans.
 The Dysart Reporter is the weekly newspaper of Dysart Iowa. It is published on Fridays and has a circulation of roughly 900. The newspaper has been the definitive source of Dysart area news for 134 years and counting.The paper primarily serves the community of Dysart but also provides news and sports coverage of neighboring communities in Tama and Benton counties.
 Michael Moore Is a Big Fat Stupid White Man is a book by David T. Hardy and Jason Clarke about author and filmmaker Michael Moore criticizing him and his works. The title can be seen as a parody of the titles Stupid White Men by Moore and Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot by Al Franken. It was listed as a best-seller for several weeks by the New York Times.
 Orange Pocket (オレンジポケット Orenji Poketto) is an adult Japanese visual novel developed by Hooksoft which was released on June 13 2003 for Windows as a CD. Subsequent enhanced ports to the Dreamcast as Orange Pocket: Cornet and to the PlayStation 2 as Orange Pocket: Root were released. Both ports feature their own exclusive characters and new scenarios not in the original Windows release.
 Krishnamurti's Notebook is a diary of Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895–1986). He began keeping this handwritten journal in June 1961 in Los Angeles and continued making entries for nine months with the last one entered in Bombay March 1962. It was first published in book form in 1976 (see Original edition below).
 The Hour of the Gate (1984) is a fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book follows the continuing adventures of Jonathan Thomas Meriweather who is transported from our world into a land of talking animals and magic. It is the second book in the Spellsinger series.
 The Railway Magazine is a monthly British railway magazine aimed at the railway enthusiast market that has been published in London since July 1897. As of 2010 it has been for three years running the railway magazine with the largest circulation in the U.K. having a monthly average sale during 2009 of 34715 (the figure for 2007 being 34661). It was published by IPC Media until October 2010 with ISSN 0033-8923 and in 2007 won IPC's 'Magazine of the Year' award.
 E for Effort is a science-fiction novelette by T. L. Sherred first published in 1947 about the consequences of a time viewer a machine that projects images of the past. It has been reprinted many times including in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame.
 To Vima (Greek: Το Βήμα; English translation: The Tribune) is a Greek daily newspaper first published in 1922 by Dimitris Lambrakis the father of Christos Lambrakis. It is owned by Lambrakis Press Group a group which also publishes the newspaper Ta Nea amongst others in its fold of publications.
 The Better Half is a one-act play by Noël Coward first performed in 1922 by the Grand Guignol theatre company. It was never published and thought to be lost until Richard Hand and Mike Wilson researchers writing a book on the theatre company discovered it in the British Library in September 2007 where it had been deposited as part of the Lord Chamberlain's Plays collection.
 P.M. News is a daily newspaper published in Lagos Nigeria by the Independent Communications Network Limited (ICNL). The company also publishes the weekly TheNEWS magazine and Tempo a tabloid.The News was founded in 1993 by Bayo Onanuga Babafemi Ojudu and other former staff from the African Concord who had resigned in protest over a request by M.K.O. Abiola the publisher to apologise to President Ibrahim Babangida over a critical story about the military regime.
 Logical Investigations (German: Logische Untersuchungen) is a work of philosophy by Edmund Husserl published in two volumes in 1900 and 1901 with a second edition in 1913 and 1921. An English translation by J. N. Findlay was published in 1970. Logical Investigations which resulted from a shift in Husserl's interests from mathematics to logic and epistemology helped to create phenomenology and has been credited with making twentieth century continental philosophy possible.
 Land Reform in Developing Countries: Property rights and property wrongs is a 2009 book by the Leontief prize winning economist Michael Lipton. It is a comprehensive review of land reform issues in developing countries and focuses on the evidence of which land reforms have - and have not - worked.
 The Lost Years of Merlin is a work of literature by T. A. Barron published by Penguin Group USA. It tells the tale of the legendary wizard Merlin's youth. Though the character Merlin is world famous as an ancient wizard this story of his lost youth is original to the author. The title applies to both the first book in the series and also to the entire eleven-book epic.
 Returning Creation is the alternate title for High Couch of Silistra the first book in the Silistra quartet by Janet Morris. Published in 1977 by Bantam Books High Couch of Silistra was the debut title of her writing career. It was one of the first science fiction/fantasy books to include bi-sexual/pan-sexual characters and erotic themes.
 The Time Keeper is a work of inspirational fiction by author Mitch Albom. The hardcover edition was released September 4 2012. Other editions of this book were released on other dates.
 The Charwoman's Shadow is a 1926 fantasy novel by Lord Dunsany and is among the pioneering works in the field even before the genre was named fantasy.The book was reprinted in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fifty-fifth volume in its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in February 1973. It contains elements of the (later named) subgenres of historical fantasy and fairytale fantasy.
 Tom Swift In Captivity or A Daring Escape by Airship is Volume 13 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap. The work was also published under the title Tom Swift in Giant Land or A Daring Escape From Captivity.
 The Kincardine News is the premier news publication for the Municipality of Kincardine Ontario including the communities of Kincardine Tiverton Inverhuron Bervie Glammis and Armow as well as serving the neighbouring Huron-Kinloss communities of Ripley and Point Clark.Kincardine News is a member of the Ontario Community Newspapers Association (OCNA) and operate under Bowes Publishers the weekly subsidiary of Sun Media and Quebecor Media.
 All New People is a 2011 play by Zach Braff set on Long Beach Island and centers on Charlie a 35-year-old from Braff's home state of New Jersey.The play Premiered at Second Stage Theatre and subsequently moved to tour the UK playing in Manchester Glasgow and finally in London in early 2012.
 Let the Right One In (Swedish: Låt den Rätte Komma In) is a 2004 vampire fiction novel by Swedish writer John Ajvide Lindqvist. The story centers on the relationship between a 12-year-old boy Oskar and a centuries-old vampire child Eli. It takes place in Blackeberg a working class suburb of Stockholm in the early 1980s.
 Anandamath (Bengali: আনন্দমঠ Anondomôţh; first English publication title: The Abbey of Bliss) is a Bengali novel written by Bankim Chandra Chatterji and published in 1882. Set in the background of the Sannyasi Rebellion in the late 18th century it is considered one of the most important novels in the history of Bengali and Indian literature. Its importance is heightened by the fact that it became synonymous with the struggle for Indian independence from the British Empire.
 A Thurber Carnival is a revue by James Thurber adapted by the author from his stories cartoons and casuals (humorous short pieces) nearly all of which originally appeared in The New Yorker. It was directed by Burgess Meredith. Following a six city tryout during which Thurber continued to rewrite the show it premiered on Broadway on February 26 1960 and ran for 223 performances with a break from June 25 to September 5. It closed on November 26 1960.
 Probability Sun is a 2001 science fiction novel by Nancy Kress a sequel to her 2000 publication Probability Moon. It was followed in 2002 by Probability Space which won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award.The novel concerns a military expedition to the planet World where aliens live who have developed a strange form of telepathy or collective unconscious shared reality which causes piercing head-pain whenever Worlders attempt to hold strongly differing opinions.
 The Player's Guide also known as the Greyhawk Player's Guide or the Player's Guide to Greyhawk is a sourcebook for the World of Greyhawk campaign setting. Written by Anne Brown the work was published by Wizards of the Coast under its TSR imprint in 1998.
 Buddha (ブッダ Budda) is a manga drawn by Osamu Tezuka and is Tezuka's unique interpretation of the life of Gautama Buddha the founder of Buddhism. The critically acclaimed series is often referred to as a gritty even sexual portrayal of the Buddha's life. The series began in September 1972 and ended in December 1983 as one of Tezuka's last epic manga works.Buddha received the 2004 and 2005 Eisner Award.
 New Nietzsche Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to scholarly examination of Friedrich Nietzsche's thought and edited by Babette Babich and David B. Allison. Established in 1996 it is the journal of the Nietzsche Society. The journal is abstracted and indexed in the International Philosophical Bibliography Philosopher's Index Philosophy Research Index and PhilPapers.
 Pink is a quarterly LGBT-focused full-color glossy print magazine launched in 1990 in New York City and headquartered in Chicago Illinois with content geared towards major markets in San Francisco New York Denver Los Angeles and Seattle as well as a national edition.The magazine sometimes sponsors community events. In 2007 they held a fundraiser for the re-election of San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom and a Cupid's Back Valentine's fundraiser for the GLBT Historical Society.
 In the Shadow of Greatness is a 2012 book written by 33 members of the United States Naval Academy Class of 2002 and published by the United States Naval Institute. The authors describe how their lives were shaped by their experiences at the Academy the September 11 and events following graduation. Released in August 2012 In the Shadow of Greatness achieved Los Angeles Times Bestseller status that October.
 See Super Play for the UK based SNES (Super Nintendo Entertainment System) magazine.Super PLAY (often abbreviated SP) was a Swedish video game magazine. Started in March 1993 with the name Super Power it was the first independent video game magazine in Sweden. Despite its independence it initially only covered Nintendo games but the coverage was extended to all major consoles in 1995. The name was changed in March 1996 and in June 2001 the magazine started covering PC games.
 The Goops books originally published between 1900 and 1950 were created by the artist art critic poet author and humorist Gelett Burgess. The characters debuted conceptually in the illustrations of Burgess' publication The Lark in the late 19th century. The Goops also appeared in panels in the popular monthly children's publication St. Nicholas as early as 1898.
 Shonen Magz is a Shōnen-oriented manga magazine published monthly by Elex Media Komputindo. It is the Indonesian version of the Japanese Shōnen Magazine and therefore contains Kodansha-published works only. It was published shortly after the success of the local edition of Nakayoshi.
 Nobody's Baby But Mine is a romance novel written by Susan Elizabeth Phillips and published in 1997. It may be categorized as baby love romance. It's a book in the Chicago Stars / Bonner Brothers series.
 Speaker for the Dead (1986) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and an indirect sequel to the novel Ender's Game. This book takes place around the year 5270 some 3000 years after the events in Ender's Game. However because of relativistic space travel Ender himself is only about 35 years old.This is the first book to discuss the Starways Congress a high standpoint Legislation for the human colonies.
 Dreams of Other Worlds: The Amazing Story of Unmanned Space Exploration is a non-fiction book by Astronomy professor Chris Impey and English professor Holly Henry that explores the scientific and cultural impact of eleven iconic space science and astronomy missions over the past forty years. They range in application from the study of Mars and the Sun to the study of the most distant galaxies and the entire universe. The book was published as a hardcover by Princeton University Press in 2013.
 If I Told Him : A Completed Portrait of Picasso is a poem by Gertrude Stein. Written in 1923 it was first published in Vanity Fair in 1924. It was in response to a portrait of her which Pablo Picasso had painted two decades before.
 Middlemarch: A Study of Provincial Life is a novel by George Eliot the pen name of Mary Anne Evans later Marian Evans. It is her seventh novel begun in 1869 and then put aside during the final illness of Thornton Lewes the son of her companion George Henry Lewes. During the following year Eliot resumed work fusing together several stories into a coherent whole and during 1871–72 the novel appeared in serial form.
 Tabataba suivi de pawana is the title of two short stories Tabataba followed by Pawana(Awaité Pawana)in one book written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .Tabataba was written by Bernard-Marie Koltès and Hector Poullet.
 The Symbolic Species is a 1997 book by biological anthropologist Terrence Deacon on the evolution of language. Combining perspectives from neurobiology evolutionary theory linguistics and semiotics Deacon proposes that language along with the unique human capacity for symbolic thought co-evolved with the brain. The Symbolic Species is a multi-disclipinary book that at the time of publishing was seen as groundbreaking.
 Zetsubō ni Kiku Kusuri (絶望に効くクスリ lit. Medicine for Despair) is a Japanese non-fiction manga by Reiji Yamada. Each volume is a collection with interviews describing how the subjects overcame hardship or how they are working to make the world a better place.
 The Chinaman Pacific and Frisco R.R. Co. is a 1988 short-story collection by Frank Chin that collects many of the short stories he had published in the 1970s. It won the American Book Award. The collection deals with Chinese-American history by recalling the work of early Chinese immigrants in such jobs as coolie railworker and launderer.
 HERO is a men's fashion magazine based in the United Kingdom and distributed worldwide.
 The Legend of Condor Heroes is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It is the first part of the Condor Trilogy and is followed by The Return of the Condor Heroes and The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber. It was first serialised between 1 January 1957 and 19 May 1959 in the Hong Kong Commercial Daily. Jin Yong revised the novel twice first in the 1970s and later in the 2000s.
 Vikramōrvaśīyam (Sanskrit: विक्रमोर्वशीयम् meaning Urvashi Won by Valour) is a Sanskrit play by ancient Indian poet Kalidasa who flourished in the 4th Century CE on the Vedic love story of king Pururavas and celestial nymph Urvashi. The Vikram of the title is Chandragupta II who adopted the title Vikramaditya meaning valiant as the Sun – the name is chosen here to allude to how Pururavas reflects the qualities of Chandragupta.
 Jumeira Jane and other Dubai friends is a light verse book written by Paddy Briggs and illustrated by Glyn Powell. The book published in 2001 contains eleven poems describing fictional (and some not so fictional) characters from the British ex-patriate community in Dubai around the year 2000.
 The Flight from the Enchanter is a novel written by Iris Murdoch and published in 1956.
 Lila Says (French title: Lila dit ça) was first published in 1996 in French and translated into English in 1999. The author's name is only listed as a pseudonym Chimo. It was adapted into a film
 The Well Dressed Explorer (1962) is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Thea Astley. This novel shared the award with The Cupboard Under the Stairs by George Turner.
 Anti-Semite and Jew (French: Réflexions sur la question juive) is an essay about antisemitism written by Jean-Paul Sartre shortly after the liberation of Paris from German occupation in 1944. The first part of the essay The Portrait of the Antisemite was published in December 1945 in Les Temps modernes. The full text was then published in 1946.
 Orc Stain is an ongoing fantasy comic book series created by James Stokoe and published by Image Comics. The first issue was published in January 2010 and as of February 2012 seven have been produced. The first five issues have been collected into a trade paperback titled Orc Stain Volume 1.
 The Traveling Vampire Show is a 2000 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon.
 Revival is an upcoming novel by Stephen King set to be published in November 2014. This will be King's second novel published during this year and his fourth during the past two years.
 One Virgin Too Many is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Tales of the Unexpected was a science fiction fantasy and horror comic book series published by DC Comics from 1956 to 1968 for 104 issues. It was later renamed The Unexpected although the numbering continued and it ended at issue #222 in 1982. The title was revived as a limited series in 2006.
 Auto-da-Fé is a one-act 1941 play by Tennessee Williams. The plot concerns a young postal worker Eloi whose sexuality is repressed by a rigidly moralistic mother.
 The Lost Barkscrolls is a children's fantasy short story anthology by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 2007. It is the tenth volume of The Edge Chronicles and contains four stories set in that world including Cloud Wolf and The Stone Pilot which were previously published as World Book Day novellas in 2001 and 2006 respectively.
 The Negro Speaks of Rivers is a poem by American writer Langston Hughes.
 Winter's King is a short story by Ursula K. Le Guin originally published in the September 1969 issue of Orbit a fiction anthology. The story is part of the Hainish Cycle and explores topics such as the human effect of space travel at nearly the speed of light as well as religious and political topics such as feudalism.Winter's King is notable because it was one of four nominees for the 1970 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
 The Greenhouse is British author Susan Hillmore's first novel. It was first published in 1988 by Collins Harvill and was shortlisted for the Sunday Express Book of the Year. It was republished by Vintage Books in 2000 when it was praised as being one of the 'best books of 2000' according to critics at The Independent. and recommended as Summer reading the following year in The Guardian
 The Belfast Telegraph is a daily newspaper published in Belfast Northern Ireland by Independent News & Media.
 American Government is a textbook now in its thirteenth edition written by noted public administration scholar James Q. Wilson and political scientist John J. DiIulio Jr.. DiIulio is a Democrat who served as the director of the White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives under president George W. Bush in 2001.
 No Moon Tonight is a World War II autobiographical book by Halifax/Lancaster/Wellington bomber navigator Don Charlwood. Born in Melbourne Australia in 1915 Charlwood joined the Royal Australian Air Force in 1940 and was trained in Canada via the Empire Air Training Scheme. The book covers his training and his experiences as part of the RAF's Bomber Command and his crew's ordeal completing their tour of operations.
 The Magus (1965) is a postmodern novel by British author John Fowles telling the story of Nicholas Urfe a young British graduate who is teaching English on a small Greek island. Urfe becomes embroiled in the psychological illusions of a master trickster which become increasingly dark and serious. Considered a metafiction it was the first novel written by Fowles but the third he published.
 The Darkened Room: Women Power and Spiritualism in Late Victorian England is a historical study into the role played by women in the Spiritualist religious movement in England during the latter part of the 19th century.
 The Road Back (German: Der Weg zurück) is a novel by German author Erich Maria Remarque. The novel was first serialized in the German newspaper Vossische Zeitung between December 1930 and January 1931 and published in book form in April 1931. It details the experience of young men in Germany who have returned from the trenches of World War I and are trying to integrate back into society.
 Institutional Investor magazine is a monthly periodical published by Euromoney Institutional Investor. A separate international edition of the magazine was established in 1976 for readers in Europe and Asia. Capital Cities Communications purchased the magazine in 1984. The Walt Disney Company bought Capital Cities in 1996 and sold the magazine to Euromoney a year later.
 The Cornell Progressive (previously called Turn Left') is an independent student-run publication at Cornell University. Calling itself Cornell's Liberal Voice The Cornell Progressive focuses on political and humanitarian issues that it believed were underreported by other media outlets.
 Grand Canary is a novel by author A. J. Cronin initially published in 1933. It tells the story of Dr. Harvey Leith an English physician who is wrongfully blamed for the deaths of three patients and leaves his country in disgrace ultimately finding redemption when thrust into the middle of a yellow fever epidemic in the Canary Islands. Lady Mary Fielding who is to join her husband in the Canaries and Dr.
 The Berliner Zeitung is a German daily newspaper based in Berlin Germany. It was founded in East Germany in 1945 and continued publication after the reunification.
 The Deceivers is a crime novel by the American writer Robert Aiello set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of Grant Montgomery a retired mentalist who helps police solve the murder of a psychic scam artist. When he uncovers a national crime network a ruthless public official targets him.
 For other uses of Avedik as disambiguation see Avetik (disambiguation)Avedik (in Armenian Աւետիք) is a Lebanese-Armenian publication published by the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate in Lebanon and the official organ of the Armenian Catholic Church worldwide. Licenced as a monthly publication the religious Armenian-Catholic publication is now published with varying frequencies (monthly bi-monthly quarterly semi-annually annually) as a small-size periodical.
 Materials Science and Engineering R is a peer-reviewed scientific journal. It is the review section of Materials Science and Engineering and is published monthly by Elsevier. It was established in 1993 when the journal Materials Science Reports was split into Materials Science and Engineering C and Materials Science and Engineering R.
 The Honolulu Star-Bulletin was a daily newspaper based in Honolulu Hawaii United States. At the time publication ceased on June 6 2010 it was the second largest daily newspaper in the state of Hawaiʻi (after the Honolulu Advertiser). The Honolulu Star-Bulletin along with a sister publication called MidWeek was owned by Black Press of Victoria British Columbia Canada and administered by a council of local Hawaii investors.
 The Professor's House is a novel by American novelist Willa Cather. Published in 1925 the novel was written over the course of several years. Cather first wrote the centerpiece “Tom Outland's Story” a nd then later wrote the two framing chapters “The Family” and “The Professor.”
 Doctor Wooreddy's Prescription for Enduring the Ending of the World is an historical novel by Mudrooroo Nyoongah first published in 1983. Though the protagonist Wooreddy is fictional the novel deals largely with the real-life George Augustus Robinson who was sent by Great Britain to Tasmania to act as a conciliator between British settlers and the Tasmanian Aborigines.
 The Bangladesh Journal of Pharmacology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Bangladesh Pharmacological Society. The journal covers research on regulatory mechanisms that affect drug development and utilization and medical education. The editor is Mir Misbahuddin (Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University).
 Death and the Compass (original Spanish title: La muerte y la brújula) is a short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges. Published in Sur in May 1942 it was included in the 1944 collection Ficciones. It was first translated into English in the New Mexico Quarterly (Autumn 1954).A detective Erik Lönnrot attempts to solve a mysterious series of murders which seem to follow a kabbalistic pattern.
 NRC Handelsblad (Dutch pronunciation: [ɛnɛrseː ˈɦɑndəɫzblɑt]) often abbreviated to NRC is a daily evening newspaper published in the Netherlands by NRC Media. The newspaper was launched on 1 October 1970 from merger of the Nieuwe Rotterdamsche Courant (New Rotterdam Paper) and Algemeen Handelsblad (General Commerce Paper). In 2006 a morning newspaper nrc•next was launched. The circulation of NRC Handelsblad in 2011 was 200000 putting it in 4th place among the national dailies.
 Mosquitoes is a satiric novel by the American author William Faulkner. The book was first published in 1927 by the New York-based publishing house Boni & Liveright and is the author’s second novel. Sources conflict regarding whether Faulkner wrote Mosquitoes during his time living in Paris beginning in 1925 or in Pascagoula Mississippi in the summer of 1926.
 Shōgun is a 1975 novel by James Clavell. It is the first novel (by internal chronology) of the author's Asian Saga. A major bestseller by 1990 the book had sold 15 million copies worldwide. Beginning in feudal Japan some months before the critical Battle of Sekigahara in 1600 Shōgun gives an account of the rise of the daimyo Toranaga (based upon the actual Tokugawa Ieyasu).
 Kamikaze Girls (下妻物語 Shimotsuma Monogatari Shimotsuma Story) is a 2002 light novel written by Novala Takemoto that has been adapted into a manga and film.Kamikaze Girls centers around two students Momoko Ryugasaki (Kyoko Fukada) and Ichigo Ichiko Shirayuri (Anna Tsuchiya) who are from completely different backgrounds: one is a Lolita girl the other her antithesis a Yankī.
 Civil War Times (formerly Civil War Times Illustrated) is a history magazine published bi-monthly which covers the American Civil War. It was established in 1962 by Robert Fowler due to centennial anniversary interest in the Civil War in the United States. It focuses on both battlefield strategy and tactics and the social and economic conditions of the time as well as the aftermath of the Civil War on the present.
 Solo is an American comic book series that was published bimonthly by DC Comics beginning in October 2004. Each issue has 48 pages plus covers with no ads.Solo was canceled in 2006; in total twelve issues appeared.
 Sralanh Khmer is a weekly newspaper published in Cambodia.
 Rēzeknes Vēstis is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Raknno is a Konkani weekly published in Kannada script from the Indian city of Mangalore. It is the largest circulated periodical in Konkani in Kannada script. It is presently edited by Francis Rodrigues.
 Plume is a collection of poetry written by Kathleen Flenniken. Published in 2012 by the University of Washington Press the poetry presents a brief history of Richland Washington and the Hanford Nuclear Reservation. The author examines the actions of the US Department of Energy regarding the establishment and operation of Hanford a nuclear production facility and how their actions affected the health of individuals and families living and working in or near the Reservation.
 Adam and Eve and Pinch Me is a young adult fiction book written in 1994 by Julie Johnston. The book was awarded the Governor General's Award for Text in Children's Literature in 1994 the Ruth & Sylvia Schwartz Children's Book Award in 1995 and the Canadian Library Association Young Adult Book Award also in 1995.
 Macarthur or the Red Book is a 2007 novel by Filipino author Bob Ong. It is the sixth published work from Ong. As with all Bob Ong's published novels it is notable for its use of contemporary street Filipino words. It is also notable for its departure from the usual Bob Ong formula of using humor to comment on the various ironies of Filipino culture. Instead it offers a gritty realistic look at life in a Philippine slum community.
 The Lady Daffodilia is a children's short story written by Evelyn Sharp and published in 1900 by John Lane. Among other works by Evelyn Sharp it was published in a book entitled The Other Side Of The Sun.
 Astro Boy known in Japan by its original name Tetsuwan Atom (鉄腕アトム Tetsuwan Atomu Mighty Atom lit. Iron Arm Atom) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Osamu Tezuka from 1952 to 1968. The story follows the adventures of a robot named Astro Boy and a selection of other characters along the way.The manga was adapted into the first popular animated Japanese television series that embodied the aesthetic that later became familiar worldwide as anime.
 Dark of the Moon: Poems of Fantasy and the Macabre is a poetry anthology edited by August Derleth and published in 1947 by Arkham House in an edition of 2634 copies. It is a pioneering anthology of weird poetry from the Middle Ages to the present arranged chonologically.A publishing curiosity is that this book had two different dustjackets - the only Arkham House book to have this feature.
 Son Of Retro Pulp Tales is a collection of short fiction edited by Joe R. Lansdale and his son Keith Lansdale. Continuing in the same vein as the earlier book titled Retro Pulp Tales these stories are more in the tradition of early pulp stories in cheap magazines and pre-sixties horror films. This book was published exclusively by Subterranean Press.
 The Book of Negroes is a 2007 award-winning novel from Canadian writer Lawrence Hill. In the United States Australia and New Zealand the novel was published under the title Someone Knows My Name.
 Alien Planet is a science fiction novel by Fletcher Pratt. It was first published in hardcover by Avalon Books in 1962; a paperback edition followed from Ace Books in 1963 and was reprinted in 1973. The book is an expansion of A Voice Across the Years a novella Pratt co-authored with I. M. Stephens (his wife Inga Stephens Pratt) originally published in the magazine Amazing Stories in the issue for winter 1937.
 The Scandinavian Journal of Occupational Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of occupational therapy. It is published by Informa Healthcare and the editor-in-chief is Birgitta Bernspång (Umeå University).
 Al Ittihad Al Ichtiraki (Arabic: الإتحاد الإشتراكي‎ meaning The Socialist Union) is a daily Moroccan Arabic-language newspaper.
 Woman or Woman: Incorporating the Woman's Budget was a woman's magazine published in Sydney Australia by Sungravure. It operated from 1934 to 1954. Issues originally cost three pence each.
 The Casper Star-Tribune is a newspaper published in Casper Wyoming. It is Wyoming's largest print newspaper with a daily circulation of 23513 and a Sunday circulation of 22751. The Star-Tribune covers local and state news. Its website Trib.com includes articles from the print paper online updates video and other multimedia content.In 2002 the newspaper was acquired by Lee Enterprises.
 Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood is a memoir by Fatima Mernissi (in the US its original title was The Harem Within: Tales of a Moroccan Girlhood; this is still the UK title). It describes her youth in a Moroccan harem during the 1940s and brings up topics such as Islamic feminism Arab nationalism French colonialism and the clash between the traditional and the modern. It is a fictional work although this fact is only noted in the French version not the English.
 How Opal Mehta Got Kissed Got Wild and Got a Life is a young adult novel by Kaavya Viswanathan an Indian-American woman who wrote it just after she graduated from high school. Its 2006 debut was highly publicized while she was enrolled at Harvard University but the book was withdrawn after it was discovered that portions had been plagiarized from several sources including the works of Salman Rushdie and Meg Cabot.
 The Wettest County in the World is a 2008 historical novel by Matt Bondurant an American writer who features his grandfather and two great-uncles as the main characters in the novel. The book tells of the trio during the Depression and Prohibition in rural Virginia who made a living bootlegging moonshine. The novel is told from both the perspectives of the three Bondurant brothers mainly focusing on the youngest Jack and that of the writer Sherwood Anderson.
 Ripley Bogle is the debut novel of Northern Irish author Robert McLiam Wilson published in 1989 in the UK although not until 1998 in the US. Written when he was 26 it is arguably his most acclaimed winning the Rooney Prize and the Hughes Prize in 1989 and a Betty Trask Award and the Irish Book Awards the following year. Many elements of the novel are autobiographical; the author himself was born in Belfast attended Cambridge University dropped out and became homeless.
 The Westerly Sun is a seven-day daily newspaper published in Westerly Rhode Island United States covering portions of Washington County Rhode Island and New London County Connecticut. The Sun is issued in the afternoon on weekdays Monday through Friday and in the morning on Saturdays and Sundays.
 Review of Scientific Instruments is a journal published monthly by the American Institute of Physics. Its area of interest is scientific instruments apparatus and techniques.
 Imaginative Sex is a non-fiction book by John Norman which includes a list of male-dominant heterosexual BDSM-type sexual fantasy scenarios and suggested guidelines as to how a couple can act them out in order to improve their sex life.
 The Daily Targum is the official student newspaper of Rutgers University the State University of New Jersey. Founded in 1869 it is the second-oldest collegiate newspaper in the United States. The Daily Targum is student written and managed and boasts a circulation of 18000. In its current form it exists as a bi-fold tabloid-style paper featuring international national local and university news as well as editorials columns comics classifieds sports and other amusements.
 Casanova's Chinese Restaurant is a novel by Anthony Powell (ISBN 0-09-947244-9). It forms the fifth volume of his masterpiece the twelve-volume sequence A Dance to the Music of Time and was originally published in 1960. Many of the events of the novel were included in the television adaptation broadcast on the United Kingdom's Channel 4 in 1997 comprising part of the second of four episodes.
 Rhode Island Monthly is a glossy monthly magazine about life in Rhode Island and Southeastern Massachusetts. It was first published in 1988. From 1990 to 1992 Rhode Island Monthly was owned by Communications International the parent of Connecticut magazine; it was then sold back to its founders. In 1997 the magazine was acquired by The Providence Journal. In 2009 it was sold to its publisher John J. Palumbo. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).
 Family Values is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1990s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Mario Balzic is the protagonist an atypical detective for the genre a Serbo-Italian American cop unpretentious a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force.
 The Gospel Advocate is a religious magazine published monthly in Nashville Tennessee for members of the Churches of Christ. The Advocate has enjoyed uninterrupted publication since 1866.The Gospel Advocate was founded by Nashville-area Restoration Movement preacher Tolbert Fanning in 1855.
 Tête-à-tête is a non-fiction book by Hazel Rowley about the lives of Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir.
 Fly by Wire: The Geese the Glide the Miracle on the Hudson is a book written in 2009 by William Langewiesche about US Airways Flight 1549 with emphasis on the role played by the advanced fly-by-wire flight control system of the aircraft.The following is an excerpt:...the NTSB ran a study of the choices available. A simulator was programmed to duplicate the circumstances of Sullenberger's bird strike...and four pilots were enlisted to fly a series of attempts on LaGuardia.
 The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language is a non-fiction book by Mark Forsyth published in 2011. The book presents the surprising origin of everyday words used in English with each definition being thematically linked to the next to provide a flowing narrative unlike reference books on etymology.
 Megamorphs #4: Back to Before is the fourth and final book in the Megamorphs series a spinoff of the Animorphs series. With respect to continuity it takes place between The Other (#40) and The Familiar (#41).
 The Beach Reporter is a weekly newspaper serving the Beach Cities of Los Angeles's South Bay. It primarily focuses on the cities of Manhattan Beach Hermosa Beach Redondo Beach and El Segundo. It is published every Thursday with a circulation of approximately 55000. It is considered a primary source of local news and events as well as a guide to local real estate listings covering some of the most expensive and active areas in California.
 The National Student Magazine is an arts and entertainment supplement of The National Student.
 Harry the Dirty Dog is a children's book written by Gene Zion and illustrated by Margaret Bloy Graham. Originally published in black and white in 1956 it was reprinted in 2002 with splashes of color added by the original artist. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 The Stoneham Independent founded in 1870 is published each Wednesday from offices at 1 Arrow Drive Woburn Massachusetts United States.
 The Acid House is a 1994 book by Irvine Welsh later made into a film. It is a collection of short stories with each story (3–20 pages) featuring a new set of characters and scenarios.
 Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears: A West African Tale is a picture book told in the form of a cumulative tale written for young children which tells an African legend. In this origin story the mosquito lies to a lizard who puts sticks in his ears and ends up frightening another animal which down a long line causes a panic. In the end an owlet is killed and the owl is too sad to wake the sun until the animals hold court and find out who is responsible.
 For the Tau Zero Foundation see Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Program#Legacy.Tau Zero is a hard science fiction novel by Poul Anderson. The novel was based upon the short story To Outlive Eternity appearing in Galaxy Science Fiction in 1967. It was first published in book form in 1970. The book is regarded as a quintessential example of hard sci-fi as its plot is guided by technology until the dramatic conclusion. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1971.
 Language Problems and Language Planning is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Benjamins Publishing Company in cooperation with the Center for Research and Documentation on World Language Problems. Its core topics are issues of language policy as well as economic and sociological aspects of linguistics.The journal has existed in its present form since 1977.
 No More Ladies was a 1934 Broadway three act comedy written by A. E. Thomas produced by Lee Shubert and staged by Harry Wagstaff Gribble with scenic design created by Watson Barratt. It ran for 162 performances from January 23 1934 to June 1934 at the Booth Theatre.The play was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1933-1934.It was adapted into the 1935 film No More Ladies directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Joan CrawfordRobert Montgomery and Franchot Tone.
 A Large Attendance In The Antechamber is a one-man play by Brian Lipson about Francis Galton the English scientist statistician and founder of the eugenics movement.The play was first seen in Melbourne in 2000 and has since been performed in the UK USA and New Zealand both in theatres and in private homes.
 Priestess of Avalon is a 2001 novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and completed posthumously by Diana L. Paxson. It follows detailing the life of Helena first wife of Western Roman Emperor Constantius Chlorus and mother of Constantine.The Avalon series was started and became prominent from the titles published in Bradley's name however the series is now being continued by Diana L. Paxson.
 Neutron Tide is a short story written by Arthur C. Clarke. It is among his shortest pieces of writing consisting solely of a 2-page detailed description of a futuristic scenario in order to use a pun as a punch-line.
 The Torture Garden (French: Le Jardin des supplices) is a novel written by the French journalist novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau and was first published in 1899 during the Dreyfus Affair. The novel is ironically dedicated: To the priests the soldiers the judges to those people who educate instruct and govern men I dedicate these pages of Murder and Blood.
 Encyclopedia of American Religions renamed Melton's Encyclopedia of American Religions in the eighth edition is a reference book by J. Gordon Melton first published in 1978 by Consortium Books A McGrath publishing company. It is currently in its eighth edition and has become a standard reference work in the study of religion in the United States.
 The Wargamer was a magazine devoted to the hobby of board wargaming. It was founded by Keith Poulter and published six times a year by World Wide Wargames (3W) although initially it was only published four times a year.Poulter founded the magazine in 1977. In the May/June 1988 issue it was announced that 3W acquired Diverse Talents Inc. who published Fire & Movement Battleplan and Space Gamer/Fantasy Gamer.
 Ghost Warrior Lozen of the Apaches is a 2002 historical novel by Lucia St. Clair Robson. This novel was the runner-up for the Golden Spur Award in 2002.
 The Twins (Dutch: De Tweeling) is a 1993 novel by Tessa de Loo (nl) about the sisters Lotte and Anna who are separated at the age of six when their father dies.
 Chitral Vision (Urdu: چترال وژن‎) is an Urdu and Khowar(Chitrali Language) Fortnightly newspaper in Pakistan published by Khowar Academy from Karachi provincial headquarter of Sindh.
 17 Poems (Swedish: 17 dikter) is a 1954 poetry collection by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer. It was Tranströmer's debut book he had previously only been published in journals. The book was well received in the Swedish press and praised for its formal confidence and imagination in metaphors.
 The Longview News-Journal is the major newspaper printed in the City of Longview Texas.Dating to 1871 under independent publishers including James Hogg later Texas governor and Carl Estes Longview civic figure the publication was purchased by Cox Newspapers in the 1980s and sold by Cox to ASP Westward in 2009.
 The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron is a book by Bethany McLean and Peter Elkind first published in 2004 by Portfolio Trade. In 2005 it was adapted into a documentary film Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room.
 MCN or Motor Cycle News is a UK weekly motorcycling newspaper published by Bauer Consumer Media based in Peterborough United Kingdom. It claims to be the world’s biggest weekly motorcycle newspaper.The title was founded in late 1955 as Motorcycle News by Cyril Quantrill a former employee of Motor Cycling and was sold to EMAP in 1956. Bauer bought Emap's consumer media division in 2008.
 Mitochondrial DNA is an academic journal that publishes review articles on the current and developing technologies around mitochondrial DNA research and discovery. It is published by Informa Healthcare.
 Straw Men is a crime novel by the American writer Martin J. Smith (1956-) set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of a madman known as the Scarecrow who has served in prison eight years convicted of a vicious attack that left a rookie policewoman near death and unable to remember her past. When DNA evidence surfaces that frees him Teresa Harnett must face the possibility that her flawed memory put the wrong man behind bars.
 Ai Mai Mi (あいまいみー Ai Mai Mī) is a Japanese yonkoma online manga series written and illustrated by Choboraunyopomi. It has been adapted into an anime television series. A second series was announced on the anime's website in the beginning of April.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fourteenth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0-312-33659-4) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1997. It is the 14th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series. The collection won the Locus Award for best anthology.
 The Dictionary of Fashionable Nonsense: A Guide for Edgy People is a 2006 book by Ophelia Benson and Jeremy Stangroom.The book is a satire on post-modernism modern jargon and anti-rationalist thinking in contemporary academia.
 Mission to Horatius by Mack Reynolds (ISBN 0-671-02812-X for the reprint) is the title of a 1968 novel for children based upon the television series Star Trek. It was the first novel of any kind to be based upon the Trek franchise (the first novel for adult audiences Spock Must Die! would not be published until 1970). It was also the only original Trek novel to be published while the series was still in production.
 MI6: Fifty Years of Special Operations is a book by author Stephen Dorril. The book alleges that MI6 has functioned as the backstair interventionist instrument of British foreign policy. The author tells of disruptive actions by secret services like attempted assassinations in Libya and Egypt forging Swiss bank account documents in East Germany and psychological warfare such as planting of false information secret funding of propaganda and smearing opponents.
 Lucifer the Lightbearer was an individualist-anarchist journal published by Moses Harman in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Rite: Short Work (2007) is a short story collection published in limited edition by fantasy writer Tad Williams.It contains short stories and novellas three teleplays four nonfiction pieces and short introductions by Tad Williams to each tale.
 VeckoRevyn (English: Weekly Review) a Swedish weekly tabloid newspaper for women edited by Ebba von Sydow alongside Louise Bratt.The magazine was created in 1935 by Albert Bonnier released by Bonnier Media Group nowadays operating in 21 countries worldwide.
 Ikke Bødlen (English: not the torturer) is a poem by Halfdan Rasmussen featured as one of the best poems on Human Rights on a 1979 book published by Amnesty International Denmark.Ikke Bødlen would be later translated into the first verse of Roger Waters' song Each Small Candle
 Play Dead is an Off-Broadway show co-written by magicians Todd Robbins and Teller the latter best known as the non-speaking half of the illusionist duo Penn & Teller.
 This is about the book. For the (unreleased) computer game based on the same story see Warcraft Adventures: Lord of the Clans.Warcraft: Lord of the Clans is a novel by Star Trek novelist Christie Golden based in Blizzard Entertainments Warcraft Universe.
 Age of Ultron (abbreviated AU) is a 10-issue limited series comic book crossover storyline published by Marvel Comics that involved the return of Ultron and his conquest of the earth.The event was published between March and June 2013 and featured a storyline by Brian Michael Bendis. Artist Bryan Hitch provided the art for issues one through five and Brandon Peterson for issues six through eight.
 Edgar Huntly Or Memoirs of a Sleepwalker is a 1799 novel by the American author Charles Brockden Brown.
 'A Beautiful Prayer' is the best-known work of the young poet Joanne Gobure from Nauru.
 The title (The) Seasons for Fasting refers to an incomplete Old English homiletic poem which deals primarily with the observance of fasts on the appropriate dates of the liturgical calendar but which also attacks the misbehaviour of lax priests. The piece appears to have been composed by a clergyman and directed at a lay audience addressed as folces manna in line 212 whom he perhaps believed to have been potentially misguided.
 Lucky is a novel by Jackie Collins the sequel to Chances and the second in The Santangelo Novels series.
 Colloids and Surfaces B: Biointerfaces is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research of interface and colloid science in relation to systems of biological origin with particular relevance to the medical pharmaceutical biotechnological food and cosmetic fields. It is publishing research papers reviews short communications and invited perspective articles.
 Dazed & Confused is a British style magazine that was set up in 1992 and published monthly. Its founding editors were Jefferson Hack and fashion photographer Rankin. The topics that are covered include music fashion film art and literature.
 Initiate's Trial is volume nine of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts. It is the first volume of the fourth story arc Sword of the Canon in the Wars of Light and Shadow epic series. Destiny's Conflict is projected to be the second and concluding novel in this arc.
 The Kingdom of the Wicked is a 1985 historical novel by Anthony Burgess.Like two of his earlier works the long narrative poem Moses and the novel Man of Nazareth (together these books make up what has been referred to as his biblical or religious trilogy) Burgess wrote The Kingdom of the Wicked in part as preparation for a screenplay; in this case for thetelevision series A.D.
 The Jesus Dynasty is a book written by James Tabor in which he develops the hypothesis that the original Jesus movement was a dynastic one with the intention of overthrowing the rule of Herod Antipas; that Jesus of Nazareth was a royal messiah while his cousin John the Baptist planned to be a priestly messiah.
 Za trochu lásky... is a Czech novel written by František Kožík and published in 1997. The story revolves around the life and relationships of 19th-century poet and playwright Jaroslav Vrchlický.The book's title (For a little love...) is taken from one of Vrchlický's poems.
 Bridge of Blood: Jim Elliot Takes Christ to the Aucas is a 1973 readers' theatre play based on the story of Operation Auca. It was written by David Robey a former drama professor at Cedarville University and produced by Lillenas Drama in 1988.Bridge of Blood is based on Through Gates of Splendor and Shadow of the Almighty two books written by Elisabeth Elliot. Consequently the character of Elisabeth in the play is also the narrator.
 Bimbos of the Death Sun is a 1988 mystery novel by Sharyn McCrumb.
 Page 6 (subtitled Atari Users Magazine and later known as New Atari User) was an independent British publication aimed at users of Atari home computers. It was published between 1982 and 1998. The magazine supported both the Atari 8-bit family of computers (400/800/XL/XE) and the Atari ST range.
 Transportation Journal is an academic journal devoted to transportation logistics and related fields. The journal is published quarterly by the Penn State University Press on behalf of the American Society of Transportation and Logistics.
 Seven Crows is an original novel based on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel.
 Anatomy of the Spirit: The Seven Stages of Power and Healing  written by medical intuitive author and teacher Caroline Myss is a non-fiction[citation needed] book which discusses the energy anatomy of human body and spirit. First published in 1996 the book went to stay at the New York Times Best Seller list for many months. It was later also released as an Audio book
 Morning Star is Volume I of the novel sequence First Born of Egypt by Simon Raven published in 1984.Morning Star is set in 1977 and features a large cast of upper-class characters. The novel follows on from Raven’s Alms for Oblivion novel sequence.
 Colloids and Surfaces A: Physicochemical and Engineering Aspects is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research on the science related to applications of colloids and interfacial phenomena. The journal has been published since 1980 as Colloids and Surfaces and subsequently split in 1993 into Colloids and Surfaces A and Colloids and Surfaces B. The journal is published biweekly by Elsevier and jointly edited by M. Adler F. Grieser J.B. Li and D. Prieve
 The Civilizing Process is a book by German sociologist Norbert Elias. It is an influential work in sociology and Elias' most important work. It was first published in two volumes in 1939 in German as Über den Prozeß der Zivilisation. Because of World War II it was virtually ignored but gained popularity when it was republished in 1969 and translated into English.
 Bloodhype (1973) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is eleventh chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series though it was written second and it is an oddity for the characters since they only appear in the last third of the book.
 Hamlet's Father is a 2008 novella by Orson Scott Card which retells the story of Shakespeare's Hamlet in modernist prose and which makes several changes to the characters' motivations and backstory. It has drawn substantial criticism for its portrayal of King Hamlet as a pedophile who molested Laertes Horatio and Rosencrantz and Guildenstern and implication that this in turn made them homosexuals.
 The Journal of World-Systems Research is a biannual open access peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of world-systems analysis that was established in 1995 by founding editor Christopher Chase-Dunn. It is published by the Political Economy of the World-System Section of the American Sociological Association and supported by the University of Pittsburgh.
 Regarding the Pain of Others is a 2003 book by Susan Sontag which was nominated for the National Book Critics Circle Award. It was her last published book before her death in 2004. It is regarded by many to be a follow-up or addendum to On Photography despite the fact that the two books have radically different opinions about photography. This long essay is especially interested in war photography.
 An Instance of the Fingerpost is a 1997 historical mystery novel by Iain Pears.
 Evangelical Times is a monthly conservative evangelical newspaper. It is published in a tabloid format and is based in Darlington County Durham. It has a circulation of approximately 7000 copies each month. There is a Christmas edition which is purchased in larger quantities by churches and individuals to be given to friends and contacts.The June edition contains a list of evangelical 'Holiday Churches.' It is closely associated with Evangelical Press with which it shares an office.
 Chandrakanta is a popular Hindi novel by Devaki Nandan Khatri. It is considered to be the first work of prose in the modern Hindi language and may have significantly contributed to the language's popularity. The copyright on the novel expired in 1964 and it is now in public domain along with other titles by the author.It inspired the TV serial of the same name.
 The Daily Item is a daily newspaper in Sunbury Pennsylvania covering the Central Susquehanna Valley Region. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The Sunbury Daily (founded 1872) and The Evening Item (1893) merged July 1 1936. Publishing five afternoons per week The Daily Item was owned by the Dewart family and other local investors until April 15. 1970 when Ottaway Community Newspapers purchased it. Ottaway streamlined and upgraded the newspaper.
 Contacto ('Contact') is a Portuguese language weekly newspaper in Luxembourg published by the Saint-Paul Luxembourg group. The newspaper was founded in 1970. As of the early 2000s it was the largest Portuguese newspaper in the country with a weekly circulation of around 8000.
 The Island is a novel by Peter Benchley published in 1979 by Doubleday & Co.
 The American Journal of Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Association of Physics Teachers and the American Institute of Physics. The editor is David P. Jackson of Dickinson College.
 The Universe Make is a science fiction novel by American author A.E. van Vogt published in 1953 by Ace Books. It takes place 400 years into the future. The main character is Morton Cargill a U.S. army officer who served in the Korean War.
 Hard Time is a comic book series written by Steve Gerber and Mary Skrenes and originally published by DC Focus a short-lived imprint of DC Comics. The aim of the imprint was to feature super-powered characters who did not follow the traditional format of classic superhero adventures. Hard Time's first run was 12 issues long published from April 2004 to March 2005.The series returned from hiatus in December 2005 titled Hard Time: Season Two.
 The Decameron (Italian: Decamerone) subtitled Prince Galehaut (Italian: Prencipe Galeotto) is a collection of novellas by the 14th-century Italian author Giovanni Boccaccio (1313–1375). The book is structured as a frame story containing 100 tales told by a group of seven young women and three young men sheltering in a secluded villa just outside Florence to escape the Black Death which was afflicting the city.
 If I Ran the Circus is a children's book by Dr. Seuss published in 1956 by Random House.Like The Cat in the Hat or the more political Yertle the Turtle If I Ran the Circus develops a theme of cumulative fantasy leading to excess. The overt social commentary found in the Sneetches and the Zax demonstrates that Dr.
 The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More is a collection of seven short stories written by Roald Dahl. They are generally regarded as being aimed at a slightly older audience than many of his other children's books.The stories were written at varying times throughout his life. Two of the stories are autobiographical in nature; one describes how he first became a writer while the other describes some of Dahl's experiences as a fighter pilot in World War II.
 Charlie Siringo's West: An Interpretive Biography is a biography of former Pinkerton Detective Charlie Siringo by historian Howard R. Lamar. It was published by the University of New Mexico Press in 2005.
 Political Communication is a quarterly American scholarly journal covering political communication topics published jointly by the American Political Science Association and the International Communication Association via Routledge.
 Domestic Manners of the Americans is an 1832 travel book by Frances Trollope which follows her travels through America and her residence in Cincinnati at the time still a frontier town. The text now resides in the public domain.
 Australian Aviation is a popular aviation-related magazine that has been sold in Australia and New Zealand since 1977.
 Nyanpire: The Gothic World of Nyanpire (にゃんぱいあ Nyanpaia) is a Japanese dōjinshi manga series written and illustrated by Yukiusa about a black cat who becomes a vampire after being abandoned. An anime television series by Gonzo aired in Japan between July 6 2011 and September 19 2011.
 The Journal of Informetrics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on scientometrics and informetrics. It was established in 2007. The journal is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Leo Egghe (Hasselt University).
 The Liars' Club is the childhood memoir of American author Mary Karr. Published in 1995 and a New York Times bestseller for over a year it tells the story of Mary Karr's childhood in the 1960s in a small industrial town in Southeast Texas. The title refers to her father and his friends who would gather to drink and tell stories when not working at the oil refinery or the chemical plant.
 The Journal on African Philosophy is an electronic journal sponsored by the International Society for African Philosophy and Studies and published by Africa Resource Center.
 The Man from Pomegranate Street is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence. The novel the seventeenth and last in the Roman Mysteries series was published in 2009. It is set immediately after the death of Titus primarily in the countryside around Rome.
 Angel is a long-running series of manga created by Japanese comic book author U-Jin.
 Alexandreis (or Alexandreid) is a medieval Latin epic poem by Walter of Châtillon a 12th-century French writer and theologian. A version of the Alexander romance it gives an account of the life of Alexander the Great based on Quintus Curtius Rufus' Historia Alexandri Magni.
 Three Cups of Deceit - How Greg Mortenson Humanitarian Hero Lost His Way is a 2011 e-book written by Jon Krakauer about Three Cups of Tea and Stones into Schools author Greg Mortenson. In it Krakauer disputes Mortenson's accounts of his experiences in Afghanistan and Pakistan and accuses him of mishandling funds donated to his charity Central Asia Institute. Release of the e-book online came one day after a 60 Minutes report on Mortenson that aired on April 17 2011.
 The Proceedings of the International Association for Business and Society is anannual series that publishes a selection of the peer-reviewed papers presented at the association's annual conference.
 Fablehaven: Rise of the Evening Star is a fantasy novel written by Brandon Mull. The book was released on May 31 2007. It is the second book in the Fablehaven series. Its sequel is Fablehaven: Grip of the Shadow Plague.
 To Serve Man is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in the November 1950 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction and has been reprinted a number of times including in Frontiers in Space (1955) Far Out (1961) and The Best of Damon Knight (1976). The title is a double entendre meaning either to perform a service for humanity or to serve a human as food.
 The Israel Law Review is the oldest Israeli law journal published in English. In Great American Lawyers an Encyclopaedia it is referred to as being among the most prestigious of scholarly journals.
 Fanshawe is a novel written by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne. It was his first published work which he published anonymously in 1828.
 The Belton Estate is a novel by Anthony Trollope written in 1865. The novel concerns itself with a young woman who has accepted one of two suitors then discovered that he was unworthy of her love. It was the first novel published in the Fortnightly Review.
 Poknapham is the most-read Manipuri language newspaper from Imphal Manipur in India. Poknapham means Birth Place in Manipuri. It is owned and published by Gurumayum Shantikumari Devi from Keishampat Thiyam Leirak Imphal and printed by her at Padma Printers Imphal. A Robindro Sharma is the Editors .Started in the year 1975 the daily is now published from Imphal Manipur The online version of Poknapham was launched in June 2008 and is the first Manipuri language newspaper to go online.
 The Serpent's Shadow is a 2012 fantasy adventure novel based on Egyptian mythology written by Rick Riordan. It is the third and final novel in The Kane Chronicles series.of hunting Jelly Babies and etc. Walt uses the rest of his energy to revive Bes's sheut and then he survives by becoming the host of Anubis.He realizes Setne's plan and tells Sadie to go help Carter and Zia and sends her to them. Meanwhile they enter the Land of the Demons and Carter and Zia kiss.
 The Day of the Bomb (in German Sadako Will Leben meaning Sadako Wants to Live) is a non-fiction book written by the Austrian author Karl Bruckner in 1961.The story is about a Japanese girl Sadako Sasaki who lived in Hiroshima and died of illnesses caused by atomic-bomb radiation.The book was translated into most major languages published on the world wide web and is often used as material for peace education in schools around the world.
 The Hungry Tiger of Oz (1926) is the twentieth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the sixth written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was Illustrated by John R. Neill.
 PS: Political Science & Politics (PS) provides critical analysis of contemporary political phenomena and is the journal of record for the discipline of political science reporting on research teaching and professional development. PS begun in 1968 is the only quarterly professional news and commentary journal in the field and is the prime source of information on political scientists' achievements and professional concerns.
 The Conchologist's First Book (sometimes subtitled with Or A System of Testaceous Malacology) is an illustrated textbook on conchology issued in 1839 1840 and 1845. The book was originally printed under Edgar Allan Poe's name. Poe never claimed however that he was the author. Poe's condensed version was based on the textbook by Thomas Wyatt an English author and lecturer. Wyatt wrote the original longer textbook Manual of Conchology upon which Poe based his shorter condensed version.
 The Fearless Defenders was an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in February 2013 as part of the company's Marvel NOW! initiative. The series written by Cullen Bunn with artwork by Will Sliney centered on the Valkyrior a team of female superheroes led by Valkyrie and Misty Knight. Despite favorable reviews from critics the series ended in December 2013 after thirteen issues due to poor sales.
 Moskva (Москва Moscow) is a Russian monthly literary magazine founded in 1957 in Moscow.
 Psychology of Violence is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 2010 and covers research on identifying the causes of violence from a psychological framework finding ways to prevent or reduce violence and developing practical interventions and treatments. The current editor-in-chief is Sherry Hamby (Sewanee: The University of the South).
 Champions of Valor is a hardcover accessory for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 parallax is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal publishing work in cultural studies critical theory and philosophy. Each issue has a theme and issues are regularly compiled by guest-editors. The journal was established in 1995 by Adrian Rifkin Marq Smith and Joanne Morra and is now published by Routledge. The editors-in-chief are Agnieszka Jasnowska James Lavender and Swen Steinhauser (University of Leeds).
 Realitatea Evreiască (Romanian for The Jewish Reality) is a Romanian cultural and news magazine based in Bucharest and addressed to the local Jewish community. The magazine was founded in 1956 under the name Revista Cultului Mozaic din România (Review of the Mosaic Religion in Romania) but in 1995 it changed its name to Realitatea Evreiască.
 The Dorset Echo is a daily newspaper published in the county of Dorset England.The title publishes Monday to Saturday from editorial offices in Weymouth and covers issues concerning south central and west Dorset. The Saturday edition is usually accompanied by a separate lifestyle magazine called 'Weekend' which is produced in-house. The Dorset Echo is a sister paper to the Bournemouth based Daily Echo and is owned by the Newsquest Media Group.
 The Prophecy is the 34th book in the Animorphs series authored by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Melinda Metz. It is narrated primarily by Cassie and secondarily by guest narrator Aldrea.
 The Gardens of Light (French: Les jardins de lumière) is a 1991 novel by the French-Lebanese writer Amin Maalouf. It focuses on the Mesopotamian religious thinker Mani founder of Manichaeism.
 Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom is a 2003 science fiction book the first novel by Canadian author and digital-rights activist Cory Doctorow.
 The Black Prism is a fantasy novel by Brent Weeks that was released on August 25 2010 by Orbit Books. It is the first volume in a planned four-book series as confirmed in an interview with Brent Weeks called The Lightbringer Series.
 Clinical Pharmacokinetics is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Adis International (Springer Science + Business Media) that covers topics related to pharmacokinetics.
 The International Journal of Jaina Studies (IJJS) is an open access peer reviewed journal published by the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) at the University of London since 2005.
 Heir of Sea and Fire is a fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It is the second book of the Riddle Master Trilogy. The other two books are The Riddle-Master of Hed and Harpist in the Wind. It was published in 1977.All three books were collected into the volume Riddle-Master: The Complete Trilogy in 1999.
 The Chalk Garden is a play by Enid Bagnold that premiered on Broadway in 1955. The play tells the story of Mrs. St Maugham and her granddaughter Laurel a disturbed child under the care of Miss Madrigal a governess. The setting of the play was inspired by Bagnold's own garden at North End House in Rottingdean near Brighton Sussex the former home of Sir Edward Burne-Jones. The work has since been revived numerous times internationally including a film adaptation in 1964.
 Miramar is a novel authored by Naguib Mahfouz an Egyptian Nobel Prize-winning author. It was written in 1967 and translated into English in 1978.
 Confessions of an Economic Hit Man is a book written by John Perkins and published in 2004. It provides Perkins' account of his career with consulting firm Chas. T. Main in Boston. Before employment with the firm he interviewed for a job with the National Security Agency (NSA).
 The Mating Season is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 9 September 1949 by Herbert Jenkins London and in the United States on November 29 1949 by Didier & Co. New York. It stars Bertie Wooster and his valet Jeeves. It is the second installment of the Totleigh Towers saga chronicling Bertie's continuing difficulties with Madeline Bassett.
 Black Friar of the Flame is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the Spring 1942 issue of Planet Stories and reprinted in the collection The Early Asimov (1972). Black Friar of the Flame was the thirteenth story written by Asimov and was among his least favorite though this was due more to the multiple rewrites and rejections the story suffered than to its admittedly modest intrinsic merits.
 Low Life: Lures and Snares of Old New York is a 1991 non-fiction book by Luc Sante documenting the life and politics of lower Manhattan from the mid-19th century to the early 20th century.
 Las Vegas Weekly is a free alternative weekly newspaper based in Henderson Nevada covering Las Vegas arts entertainment culture and news. Las Vegas Weekly is published by Greenspun Media Group. The paper was founded in 1992 by James P.
 Inkwell is a literary journal published by Manhattanville College in Purchase New York. First published in 1995. The journal publishes short stories poetry and essays by both emerging and established writers. Inkwell also hosts annual contests in fiction and poetry.
 Militant Liberty: A Program of Evaluation and Assessment of Freedom is a United States Department of Defense project that aimed to utilize information operations and resources at the Pentagon’s disposal to counteract the ideological threat of Communism during the Cold War.Militant Liberty was meant to serve as a guiding document for the American Armed Forces as a means to educate foreign and domestic audiences about the merits of democracy and the ideals of liberty and freedom according to the principles of the American way of life. 
 Radiant is a science fiction novel by the Canadian author James Alan Gardner. It was published in 2004 by HarperCollins Publishers under their Eos Books imprint. It is the seventh novel in Gardner's League of Peoples series. Like the six preceding novels Radiant is set in the middle of the 25th century; like most of them it takes place in outer space and on alien planets and features the continuing character Festina Ramos.
 Skinny Bitch is a diet book written by Rory Freedman a former modelling agent and Kim Barnouin a former model.According to a New York Times article the book sold better than expected despite not having high initial sales. Skinny Bitch had become a best-seller in the United Kingdom by May 2007 and in the United States by July more than eighteen months after its initial 2005 press run of 10000 copies. The book also sold well in Canada.
 Pawns and Symbols is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Majliss Larson.
 Turtle Magazine is a bi-monthly American magazine for children ages 3 to 5. It features short stories poems games comics rebuses recipes crafts and more.
 The Glass House is a novel written by the award-winning Australian novelist Sonya Hartnett. It was first published in 1990 in Australia by Pan Macmillan.
 A Long Short War: The Postponed Liberation of Iraq is a collection of twenty two articles written by Christopher Hitchens for the online magazine Slate. The articles support the impending American led invasion of Iraq and were written between November 7 2002 and April 18 2003.
 Tru Confessions is the first novel by children’s book author Janet Tashjian. It is published by Henry Holt and Company; the paperback is published by Square Fish an imprint of Macmillan. It was the basis of a popular Disney TV movie with Clara Bryant and Shia LaBeouf. The book uses lists illustrations and diary entries in a format that’s friendly to reluctant readers. It has been translated into several languages.
 The Island of Sheep (1936) is a novel by John Buchan. It is part of the series featuring Richard Hannay and Sandy Arbuthnot.
 Races of the Wild is an optional supplemental source book for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game.
 Gilda Joyce: The Ladies of the Lake is a mystery novel written by Jennifer Allison published by Dutton Children's Books.
 Beachheads in Space is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by August Derleth. It was first published by Pellegrini & Cudahy in 1952. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Stories Fantastic Adventures Science Fiction Adventures Amazing Stories Startling Stories Weird Tales Planet Stories and Blue Book.
 Testament was an American comic book series written by Douglas Rushkoff with art and covers by Liam Sharp. It was published from February 2006 to March 2008 under DC Comics' Vertigo imprint.There are several key themes to Testament. The story takes place simultaneously in the near future and the biblical past to illustrate the most prominent theme: that history repeats itself.
 Mutants in Avalon is the fifth supplement for the After the Bomb role-playing game originally based on and compatible with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness. It was published by Palladium Books in January 1991 and uses the Palladium Megaversal system.
 Gem of the Ocean is a play by American playwright August Wilson. It is the first installment of his decade-by-decade ten-play chronicle The Pittsburgh Cycle dramatizing the African-American experience in the twentieth century.
 The Club Dumas (original Spanish title El Club Dumas) is a 1993 novel by Arturo Pérez-Reverte. The book is set in a world of antiquarian booksellers echoing his previous work The Flanders Panel.The story follows the adventures of a book dealer Lucas Corso who is hired to authenticate a rare manuscript by Alexandre Dumas père. Corso's investigation leads him to seek out two copies of a rare book known as De Umbrarum Regni Novem Portis (Of the Nine Doors of the Kingdom of Shadows).
 KEWL Magazine is a national teen magazine distributed in the United States and Canada. It is published by KEWL LLC and is located in Burbank California with distribution at mass merchandisers and bookstore chains throughout the country.The magazine was founded in 2007 by Mike Bundlie and Denise Bradley. KEWL Magazine features interviews with teen celebrities as well as full poster pages.
 Al-Wasat (Arabic: الوسط‎) also Alwasat is an Arabic-language daily newspaper in Bahrain. It was founded by Dr. Mansoor Al-Jamri and leading personalities from the Bahraini private sector. Al-Jamri is the editor-in-chief since the foundation of the newspaper in 2002. He was temporarily forced out of his position between 3 April 2011 until 4 August 2011 during a government's crackdown.
 Reflections on Violence (Réflexions sur la violence) is a book by French revolutionary syndicalist Georges Sorel that was published in 1908. Sorel argues that the success of the proletariat in class struggle depended on the creation of a catastrophic and violent revolution achieved through a general strike.One of Sorel's most controversial statements claimed that violence could save the world from barbarism.
 The World Economic Journal (Russian: Международный Экономический Журнал) is a monthly business magazine published in Russian and English. The international English edition covers world economic data dynamics and analytics directly from Russia.
 Last Sacrifice is the sixth book in the #1 New York Times bestselling series Vampire Academy by Richelle Mead. It is the last book in the original storyline but Mead will continue writing more Vampire Academy books in a spinoff series.Lead character and dhampir Rosemarie Hathaway is locked in Moroi jail after being framed in the cold-blooded murder of the Moroi Queen. The punishment for this crime is immediate execution.
 La vida y otros síntomas (Life and Other Symptoms) is an Argentine book by Luis Pescetti. It was first published in 2000.
 The Washington Square News is the daily student newspaper of New York University and serves the NYU Greenwich Village and East Village communities. The paper better known as WSN has a circulation of 10000 and an estimated 65000 readers online. It is published Monday through Thursday during the fall and spring semesters and online on Friday with additional issues published in the summer. WSN is run solely by NYU students with the paper's senior staff composed of undergraduates.
 The Night Journey is a 1981 novel by Kathryn Lasky.
 Król Popiel i inne wiersze is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1962.
 School Psychology International is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of school psychology. The journal's editor-in-chief is Caven S. Mcloughlin (Faculty of Education University of Johannesburg). The journal was established in 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Love is a Mix Tape is a memoir by Rob Sheffield. It uses fifteen mix tapes to frame the story of his courtship and marriage to Renée Crist a fellow DJ graduate student and mix tape aficionado before her death from a pulmonary embolism in 1997.GQ magazine published an excerpt of the memoir in its January 2007 issue.
 Oniisama e... (おにいさまへ… lit. To [my respected] elder brother) is a Japanese manga series by Riyoko Ikeda. It was adapted into an anime series that aired on NHK-BS2 channel from July 14 1991 to May 31 1992.The series originally started out as a manga in the early to mid-1970s. The story is about a 16-year-old girl Nanako Misonoo (御苑生奈々子 Misonoo Nanako) who attends a prestigious academy and deals with life as a high school student via writing letters to her brother.
 The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic is an archaeological study of the material evidence for ritual and magical practices in Europe containing a particular emphasis on London and South East England. It was written by the English archaeologist Ralph Merrifield the former deputy director of the Museum of London and first published by B.T.
 Divorce your Car! Ending the Love Affair with the Automobile (New Society Publishers ISBN 0-86571-408-8) written by Katie Alvord and with a foreword by Stephanie Mills proposes that automobiles have lost their value as a convenience and have become a hindrance even an addiction. Today's relationship with the automobile inflicts upon us air pollution noise congestion sprawl big expenses injury and even death.
 The Old English Newsletter is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1967. It covers Anglo-Saxon studies and is published by the University of Tennessee's Department of English for the Old English Division of the Modern Language Association of America. Its current editor is Roy Liuzza of the University of Tennessee.The journal publishes an annual Bibliography and Year's Work which are widely relied upon.
 Kosher Jesus is a book by Orthodox Rabbi Shmuley Boteach focusing on the relationship between Christianity and Judaism. Originally published in 2012 the book purports to examine the origins of the teachings of Jesus within the context of Second Temple Judaism in the 1st century and compares scholarly views on the Historical Jesus with the theological ideals expressed by the Jewish writers of early rabbinic literature.
 Plum Bun: A Novel Without a Moral is a novel by Jessie Redmon Fauset first published in 1928. Written by an African American woman who during the 1920s was for many years the literary editor of The Crisis it is often seen as an important contribution to the movement that has come to be known as the Harlem Renaissance.
 Allan and the Ice-Gods is a novel by H. Rider Haggard featuring his recurring character Allan Quartermain based on an idea given to Haggard by Rudyard Kipling. The story details Quartermain's past life regression to a stone-age ancestor and the various adventures involved.The novel has been noted as a treatment of the topics of eugenics and evolution in literature and culture.
 In the Presence of Mine Enemies (2003) is an alternate history novel by American author Harry Turtledove expanded from the eponymous short story. The novel depicts a world where the United States remained isolationist and did not participate in the Second World War thus allowing victory to the Axis Powers who divided the world among themselves.
 Crystal Dragon (クリスタル☆ドラゴン) is an ongoing historical fantasy manga series by Yuho Ashibe. It has been serialized by Akita Shoten in the monthly shōjo manga magazine Mystery Bonita since 1981 and collected in 25 bound volumes as of 2009.Set in Ireland and Roman Britain it is the story of a black-haired girl named Alian (known as the Silver Wheel) and her fight against Bara Evil-Eyes the Gothic warlord who destroyed her home tribe.
 Suika (水夏) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Circus and was first released on July 27 2001 for the PC as a CD-ROM followed by a DVD-ROM release on August 31 2001. It was followed by two all-ages consumer ports for the PlayStation retitled as Water Summer and the Dreamcast on July 18 2002 which was subsequently followed by an all-ages version for the PC released on July 25 2003.
 She and Allan is a novel by H. Rider Haggard first published in 1921. It brought together his two most popular characters Ayesha from She (to which it serves as a prequel) and Allan Quatermain from King Solomon's Mines.Its significance was recognized by its republication by the Newcastle Publishing Company as the sixth volume of the celebrated Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library series in September 1975.
 All About Lulu (published 2008) is a coming-of-age novel by American author Jonathan Evison. The novel revolves around a family of bodybuilders in Santa Monica from the Summer of Love to the Dot-com bubble.
 The Mallee-Fowl is a book published by Angus & Robertson in 1962 with the subtitle The Bird that Builds an Incubator. It was authored by Australian ornithologist Harry Frith. It was issued in octavo format (224 x 140 mm) containing 148 pages bound in dark red cloth with a dust jacket illustrated by a photograph of a Malleefowl.
 Anxious Nation: Australia and the Rise of Asia 1850-1939 written by David Walker has been described as a landmark analysis of the history of Australian perceptions of Asian people and their cultures. It was first published by the University of Queensland Press in 1999 and has subsequently been reprinted in an Indian edition (SSS publishing New Delhi 2009) and translated into Chinese (China Renmin University Press Beijing 2009).
 Lysbeth: A Tale of the Dutch is a 1901 novel by H. Rider Haggard.
 In Watermelon Sugar is a novella written by Richard Brautigan and published in 1968. It is a tale of a commune organized around a central gathering house which is named iDEATH. In this environment many things are made of watermelon sugar (though the inhabitants also use pine wood and stone for building material and fuel is made from trout oil). The landscape of the novel is always changing.
 The Last Valley is a 1959 historical novel by English author J. B. Pick. Set in southern Germany during the Thirty Years' War the story centers on two individuals- a ruthless mercenary leader weary of war and a hapless intellectual fleeing destruction and starvation- as they each discover a fertile idyllic valley seemingly untouched by the devastation surrounding it.
 Grenki med is a novel by Slovenian author Andrej E. Skubic. It was first published in 1999.
 Le rêve (The Dream) is the sixteenth novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola. It is about an orphan girl who falls in love with a nobleman and is set in the years 1860-1869.The novel was published by Charpentier in October 1888 and translated into English by Eliza E. Chase as The Dream in 1893 (reprinted in 2005). Other recent translations are by Michael Glencross (Peter Owen 2005) and Andrew Brown (Hesperus Press 2005).
 The Pursuit of Love is a novel by Nancy Mitford first published in 1945. It is the first in a trilogy about an upper-class English family in the interwar period. Although a comedy the story has tragic overtones.
 The Laurinburg Exchange is a newspaper based in Laurinburg North Carolina covering Laurinburg and Scotland County.
 The Stories of English is a 2004 book by British linguist David Crystal; it traces the history of the English language from the invasion of Great Britain by the Angles and Saxons in the 5th Century to the modern splintering of the language into its modern British American Indian Australian and other dialects.One primary focus of the book is a history of British English from its Old English beginnings to Middle English Early Modern English and Modern English.
 The Ōkami-san (オオカミさん) series is a collection of Japanese light novels by Masashi Okita with illustrations by Unaji. The series started with the release of the first volume in August 2006 titled Okamisan and her Seven Companions (オオカミさんと七人の仲間たち Ōkami-san to Shichinin no Nakamatachi) and as of January 2011 12 volumes have been published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
 Reality Hunger: A Manifesto is a book by American writer David Shields published by Knopf on February 23 2010. The book is written in a collage style mixing quotations by the author with those from a variety of other sources. The book's manifesto is directed toward increasing art's engagement with the reality of contemporary life through the exploration of hybrid genres such as prose poetry and literary collage.
 Sylvia is a 2006 novel by Australian author Bryce Courtenay. It is written as the memoir of a teenage girl Sylvia Honeyeater during the Children's Crusade of the 13th. century. She encounters several historical figures such as the Pied Piper of Hamelin and Francis of Assisi. It explores themes of religious intolerance womanhood abuse and childhood.
 State of the Union is a play by American playwrights Russel Crouse and Howard Lindsay about a fictional Republican presidential candidate. The play premiered on November 14 1945 at the Hudson Theatre on Broadway ran for 765 performances and closed on September 13 1947.
 Aarachaar (The Hangman) is a Malayalam novel written by K. R. Meera. Originally serialised in Madhyamam Weekly the novel was published as a book by DC Books in 2012.Set in Bengal it tells the story of a family of executioners with a long lineage beginning in the fourth century BC. The protagonist of the novel Chetna is a strong and tenacious woman who struggles to inherit this profession.According to noted literary critic M.
 Two Cities is a novel by the American writer John Edgar Wideman set in the Pennsylvania cities of Pittsburgh and Philadelphia during the 1990s. The novel tells the story of Kassima a widow in mourning for her husband and two sons who died in the streets of Pittsburgh. Martin Mallory is Kassima's tenant a photographer whose works depict the 50-year history of life in the African American neighborhoods of Pittsburgh and Philadelphia.
 Studies in Mathematical Sciences is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering pure and applied mathematics. It is published by the Canadian Research & Development Center of Sciences and Cultures and was established in 2010. The current editor-in-chief is Luca Q. Zamboni (University of Lyon). The journal is abstracted and indexed by EBSCO Publishing and ProQuest.
 Journal de la ville et du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg was a newspaper published in Luxembourg between 1826 and 1844.
 The Peace and War omnibus is a collection of the three books in Joe Haldeman's The Forever War series. The omnibus was released in 2006.Books included in the omnibus include: Forever Free Forever Peace The Forever War
 Winged Pharaoh is a novel by Joan Grant first published in 1937. Grant attributed the source of her information in this novel to her Far Memory extrasensory abilities particularly the ability to remember her own past lives.The story is narrated by Sekhet-a-Ra familiarly known as Sekeeta. Most of the story takes place in the city of 'Me'n-atetiss' Memphis Egypt founded by Sekeeta's ancestor 'Meniss' (Menes).
 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1962) is a novel written by Ken Kesey. Set in an Oregon psychiatric hospital the narrative serves as a study of the institutional processes and the human mind as well as a critique of behaviorism and a celebration of humanistic principles. Published in 1962 the novel was adapted into a Broadway play by Dale Wasserman in 1963.
 Los Angeles CityBeat was an alternative weekly newspaper in Los Angeles California debuting June 12 2003. The publication ceased production with the March 26 2009 issue. LA CityBeat was available every Thursday at more than 1500 distribution locations throughout the Los Angeles area with an initial circulation of 100000 (dropping to 65000 in its final year).
 Three Hearts and Three Lions is a 1961 fantasy novel by Poul Anderson expanded from a 1953 novella by Anderson which appeared in Fantasy & Science Fiction.
 Vaporetto 13 is a mystery novel set mainly in Venice Italy by Robert Girardi. The title refers to the Vaporetto which is a motorized water taxi commonly used in Venice Italy.
 The Young Magician (少年魔法士 Shōnen Mahōshi) is a fantasy shōjo manga written and illustrated by Yuri Narushima.
 Flora & Ulysses: The Illuminated Adventures is a children's novel by American author Kate DiCamillo and illustrated by K. G. Campbell. It was published in 2013 by Candlewick Press. It is the story of Flora Belle Buckman and a superhero squirrel named Ulysses.
 Genesis Alpha is a young adult and science fiction novel by Icelandic author Rune Michaels and was first published in 2007.
 Al Riyadh (in Arabic الرياض) is a Riyadh-based pro-government Saudi daily newspaper. Its sister paper was Riyadh Daily that was disestablished on 1 January 2004. Al Riyadh is one of the dominant papers in Nejd.
 Taro the Space Alien (Japanese: うちゅう人田中太郎 Hepburn: Uchūjin Tanaka Tarō) is a manga series created by Yasunari Nagatoshi. In 2000 the manga received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.Viz Media is the licensor of the series in the United States. The series has not had a release in English.The series' protagonist is Takashi Horimachi (堀町タカシ Horimachi Takashi) a fifth grader at Anytown Elementary School.
 Stori Telling stylized as sTORI TELLING is a 2008 book by Tori Spelling and Hilary Liftin. Published in March by September it had risen to #1 on the New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover non-fiction books. In 2009 the book was awarded Bravo TV's A-List Award as the best celebrity autobiography of the year.
 Chronic City (2009) is a novel by American author Jonathan Lethem.
 The German Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Teachers of German dedicated to German studies. The editor-in-chief is Robert E. Norton (University of Notre Dame). It was established in 1928 and is published under the auspices of the American Association of Teachers of German. It has been called one of the most widely and internationally read American journals in the field of German studies.
 Ekonomist is a Turkish-language weekly news and international affairs publication owned by Doğan Media Group and edited in offices in Istanbul.Ekonomist has awarded Business People of the Year awards since the early 1990s.Together with the monthly Capital it runs a CEO Club with around 500 members.
 The Adventures of Philip on his Way Through the World: Shewing Who Robbed Him Who Helped Him and Who Passed Him By (1861-62) is a novel by William Makepeace Thackeray. It was the last novel Thackeray completed and harks back to several of his previous ones involving as it does characters from A Shabby Genteel Story and being like The Newcomes narrated by the title character of his Pendennis.
 The Seven Songs of Merlin is a work of literature by T. A. Barron published by Penguin. The Seven Songs of Merlin is the second story in a five story epic known as The Lost Years of Merlin. These books chronicle the childhood of Merlin.
 Mission from Mount Yoda is the fourth book of the Jedi Prince series by Paul Davids and Hollace Davids and was released in February 1993. It's preceded by the novel Zorba the Hutt's Revenge and followed by the novel Queen of the Empire.
 Star Wars: Black Fleet Crisis #2: Shield of Lies is the second novel in The Black Fleet Crisis trilogy and is set in the fictional Star Wars universe. It is authored by Michael P. Kube-McDowell and was published by Bantam Books on August 1 1996.
 Hamevasser ('The Herald') was a Zionist Hebrew-language weekly newspaper published from Constantinople 1909-1911. As the number of Hebrew literates was limited at the time the circle of readership of the newspaper was rather limited. However the publication of the newspaper contributed to enhancing the status of Hebrew in the Jewish community. Hamevasser was distributed in various parts of the Ottoman empire and beyond reaching Greece Bulgaria Tunisia and Morocco.
 Memories of the Space Age is a collection of Science fiction stories by author J.G. Ballard. It was released in 1988 by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 4903 copies and was the author's first book published by Arkham House. The stories set at Cape Canaveral originally appeared in the magazines Ambit Fantastic Stories Fantasy and Science Fiction Interzone New Worlds and Playboy.
 Spare Change is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the sixth and final novel in his Sunny Randall series published before his death.
 Mopsy was a comic strip created by Gladys Parker in 1939. It had a long run over three decades. Parker modeled the character of Mopsy after herself. In 1946 she recalled I got the idea for Mopsy when the cartoonist Rube Goldberg said my hair looked like a mop. That was several years ago and she has been my main interest ever since.
 The Magician's Wife published in 1997 was the last novel by the Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore. Set in 1856 it tells the story of a famous French magician (based on the real-life Jean-Eugene Robert-Houdin) who is despatched by Emperor Napoleon III to help France subdue the Arab population in war-torn Algeria.
 Castle is the second book in Garth Nix's The Seventh Tower series published in October 1 2000 by Scholastic. The cover design and art are by Madalina Stefan and Steve Rawlings respectively.
 Everfound is a fantasy novel published in 2011 by Neal Shusterman. It is the third and final installment of the Skinjacker trilogy.
 Sherlock Holmes: The Breath of God is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Guy Adams originally published in 2011.The novel is an account of a mystery involving the supernatural deaths of people. In the course of his investigation Holmes meets Aleister Crowley and William Hope Hodgson's supernatural detective Thomas Carnacki.
 El Periódico de Catalunya (Catalan: [əɫ pəɾiˈɔðiku ðə kətəˈɫuɲə] Spanish: [el peˈɾjoðiko ðe kataˈluɲa]) is a morning daily newspaper based in Barcelona Catalonia Spain and owned by Grupo Zeta. El Periódico publishes separate daily editions in Spanish and in Catalan. The two editions combined sell more than 125000 copies per day making El Periódico the second highest-circulated newspaper in Spain's Catalan-speaking regions behind La Vanguardia which also publishes in both languages.
 The Autobiography of a Super-Tramp is an autobiography published in 1908 by the Welsh poet and writer W. H. Davies (1871–1940). A large part of the book's subject matter describes the way of life of the tramp in the United Kingdom Canada and the United States in the final decade of the 19th century.George Bernard Shaw had become interested in Davies a literary unknown at the time and had agreed to write a preface for the book largely through the concerted efforts of his wife Charlotte.
 Line and Strength is an autobiography by Australian cricket star Glenn McGrath. The book includes a postscript by McGrath's late wife Jane.
 Starfinder is a fantasy fiction novel written by John Marco.
 My Family and Other Animals is an autobiographical work by naturalist Gerald Durrell telling of the part of his childhood he spent on the Greek island of Corfu between 1935 and 1939. It describes the life of the Durrell family on the island in a humorous manner and also richly discusses the fauna of the island.
 The Getaway is a 1958 crime novel by Jim Thompson that begins with a bank robbery and the later life of the robber and his wife.The novel has been adapted into film twice. The 1972 film starred Steve McQueen and the 1994 film starred Alec Baldwin.
 Nemesis is a novel by Philip Roth published on 5 October 2010 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. It is Roth's 31st book a work of fiction set in the summer of 1944 that tells of a polio epidemic and its effects on a closely knit Newark community and its children. In 2012 Philip Roth told an interviewer that Nemesis would be his last novel.
 Only is a free Canadian bi-monthly news and entertainment magazine published in Vancouver British Columbia by the Only Trust - who also organize Vancouver's Music Waste Festival and Victory Square Block Party. The paper has a circulation of 10000 in the Vancouver area.
 Belle Teal is a novel written by Ann M. Martin in 2001. It tells the story of Belle Teal Harper her mother Adele her grandmother Belle Teal Rhodes and their friends and community. Belle teal is now going into 5th grade and this year is very special. she is going to have the best teacher ever! (the one shes been hoping to get forever) and her best friends are in her class. Also a few new kids are coming with her to class some kids who are different then her but not so much.
 Revue des Études Arméniennes (in English: Journal of Armenian Studies) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles relating to Classical and medieval Armenian history art history philology linguistics and literature. The Revue was established in 1920 by Frédéric Macler and Antoine Meillet. Meillet himself wrote many of the articles during the formative years of the journal (1920-1933) which typically covered Armenian history grammar and folk tales.
 Or see Roseanne (name).Roseanna (1965) by Sjöwall and Wahlöö is the first novel in their detective series revolving around Martin Beck and his team.
 The Telegraph-Journal is a daily newspaper published in Saint John New Brunswick Canada. It serves as both a provincial daily and as a local newspaper for Saint John. The newspaper is published by Brunswick News owned by James K. Irving. The Telegraph-Journal is the only New Brunswick-based newspaper to be distributed province-wide and has the highest readership in the province at a weekly circulation of 233549 and a daily readership of over 75000.
 Spring Storm is a 1937 play written by American playwright Tennessee Williams. Tennessee Williams wrote Spring Storm when he was twenty-six years old in 1937 while studying as an apprentice. Spring Storm received poor reviews in Williams’s playwriting course and it did not receive its first production until 1995 in Berkeley California. The European premiere took place at the Royal & Derngate Northampton on 15 October 2009 running alongside Beyond the Horizon by Eugene O'Neill.
 Gay Marriage: Why It Is Good for Gays Good for Straights and Good for America is an 2004 book about same-sex marriage by Jonathan Rauch.
 Before Midnight is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published in 1955 by the Viking Press. The story was also collected in the omnibus volume Three Trumps (Viking 1973).
 Super-Villain Team-Up is the name of two American comic book series published by Marvel Comics. Both series featured supervillains as the protagonists.
 The Magnificent Possession is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the July 1940 issue of Future Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. It was the ninth story written by Asimov and the seventh to be published. The author recalls that the story an attempt at humour was embarrassing to read later and that he was glad that his long-time editor John W.
 Di Bawah Lindungan Ka'bah (Under the Protection of Ka'bah) is the 1938 debut novel of the Indonesian author Haji Abdul Malik Karim Amrullah (1908–1981). Written while the author worked in Medan as the editor of an Islamic weekly magazine the novel follows the doomed romance of a young Minang couple from different social backgrounds. Generally praised for its simple yet eloquent diction the novel has been twice adapted into film first in 1977 and then in 2011.
 The New Green Consumer Guide is a practical lifestyle book written by Julia Hailes and published by Simon and Schuster on May 21 2007. The aim of the book is to make the ordinary layman engage in the role that he or she must play in the green mission of today. Julia Hailes is a freelance consultant and well-known speaker on social environmental and ethical issues. Her work includes environmental reviews management briefings and advising companies on policy strategy and communications.
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Adventures was a comic book series published from August 1988 to October 1995 by Archie Comics. It is mainly based on the stories of the mutant turtles Donatello Leonardo Michaelangelo Raphael and their rat sensei Splinter. It is set in a separate reality from other TMNT stories.The initial storylines were close adaptations of the TMNT 1987 TV series but by the fifth issue Eastman and Laird handed the series over to Ryan Brown and Stephen Murphy.
 Ethnicities is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research in the fields of sociology and politics concerning questions of ethnicity nationalism and related issues such as identity politics and minority rights. It was established in 2001 and is published bimonthly by SAGE Publications. The editors-in-chief are Stephen May (University of Auckland) and Tariq Modood (University of Bristol).
 Tango on intohimoni (or Tango is my Passion) is a novel about Finnish tango written by M. A. Numminen. It features Virtanen who is obsessed with the Finnish tango and is interpersed with a history of the Finnish tango.
 Rabbit Is Rich is a 1981 novel by John Updike. It is the third novel of the four-part series which begins with Rabbit Run and Rabbit Redux and concludes with Rabbit At Rest. There is also a related 2001 novella Rabbit Remembered. Rabbit Is Rich was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Award for Fiction in 1982 as well as the National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction in 1981.
 Filament was a quarterly magazine aimed at women showcasing erotic photographs of men. Filament professed through its tagline to be The thinking woman's crumpet. Unlike other magazines for women that have featured solely muscular men Filament featured a wide variety of men. Alongside erotic photographs the magazine also included discussions on topics not only related to sex but to other aspects of life.
 The Caswell Messenger is an American weekly newspaper located in Caswell County North Carolina published by the Womack Publishing Company. The paper has been published every Wednesday for over eighty years.
 Journal of the American Psychiatric Nurses Association is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Neurology. The journal's editor is Karen Farchaus Stein (University of Rochester). It has been in publication since 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with American Psychiatric Nurses Association.
 The Journal of Cancer Research and Therapeutics is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Association of Radiation Oncology of India. The journal covers research in oncology radiation oncology medical imaging radiation protection non-ionising radiation and radiobiology.
 Opus 200 is Isaac Asimov's joint two-hundredth book along with his autobiography In Memory Yet Green (both books were published on the same day following his 199th book). It was published by Houghton Mifflin in March 1979. Asimov chose to celebrate the publication of his two hundredth book by writing about his previous 198 books including excerpts from short stories and novels as well as nonfiction articles and books.
 Viaţa Basarabiei (Romanian for Bessarabia's Life pronounced [ˈvjat͡sa basaˈrabi.ej]) is a Romanian-language periodical from Chişinău Moldova. Originally a literary and political magazine published at a time when Bessarabia region was part of Romania it was founded in 1932 by political activist Pan Halippa and writer Nicolai Costenco.
 Banana Republicans: How the Right Wing Is Turning America Into a One-Party State is a book by Sheldon Rampton and John Stauber of the Center for Media and Democracy.
 Christ the Lord: The Road to Cana is a novel depicting the life of Jesus written by Anne Rice and released in 2008. It is the sequel to Christ the Lord: Out of Egypt and is part of a proposed four-part series about the life of Jesus.
 The Rembrandt Affair is the 2010 Daniel Silva's spy novel.It is the tenth in Gabriel Allon series based in the world of Israeli intelligence.
 The D Case (full English title: The D. Case Or The Truth About The Mystery Of Edwin Drood) (original Italian title: La verità sul caso D. 'The truth about the D. case') is a humorous literary critique of Charles Dickens' unfinished work The Mystery of Edwin Drood first published in Italy in 1989.Written in the form of a novel by Italian authors Carlo Fruttero and Franco Lucentini the book explores the Dickens mystery from the perspective of many famous literary detectives such as C.
 Wards of Faerie is a 2012 fantasy novel by Terry Brooks and the first part of the The Dark Legacy of Shannara trilogy. The book was released on August 21 2012 through Del Rey Books. Set a century after Straken it chronicles the attempts of Ard Rhys of Paranor Khyber Elessedil as she tries to recover the lost Elfstones.
 Lviv Today is a Ukrainian English-language magazine published in Lviv Ukraine and was founded in May 2008. The magazine is owned and issued by English journalist Peter Dickinson who moved to Ukraine roughly ten years ago. The magazine focuses on foreign businessmen politicians tourists as well as on local residents. Magazine's content includes information about business advertisement and entertainment spheres in Lviv and the country in general.
 Hafez-e-esteghlal (Persian: حافظ استقلال‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this newspaper was Abolhasan Dehghan and it was published in Shiraz since 1916.
 Cliché Magazine is a digital magazine based in Los Angeles and Las Vegas that covers such topics as fashion music culture and entertainment. The publication is released monthly in virtual formats only.
 Shelley: A Life Story is a 1946 biography of the poet Percy Bysshe Shelley by Edmund Blunden.
 The First Men in the Moon is a scientific romance published in 1901 by the English author H. G. Wells who called it one of his fantastic stories. The novel tells the story of a journey to the moon undertaken by the two protagonists a businessman narrator Mr. Bedford and an eccentric scientist Mr. Cavor. Bedford and Cavor discover that the moon is inhabited by a sophisticated extraterrestrial civilization of insect-like creatures they call Selenites.
 Music Analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal specializing in music theory and analysis. It is based in England and published its first issue in 1982.
 Wild Law: A Manifesto for Earth Justice is a book by Cormac Cullinan that proposes recognizing natural communities and ecosystems as legal persons with legal rights. The book explains the concept of wild law that is human laws that are consistent with earth jurisprudence. Foreworded by Thomas Berry the book was published by Green Books in November 2003 in association with The Gaia Foundation London.
 Rookwood is a novel by William Harrison Ainsworth published in 1834. It is a historical and gothic romance that describes a dispute over the legitimate claim for the inheritance of Rookwood Place and the Rookwood family name.
 NACLA Report on the Americas is a bimonthly political magazine published by the North American Congress on Latin America.
 The New American Story is a book written by former United States Senator and 2000 presidential hopeful Bill Bradley and first published on March 27 2007. The book offers workable solutions to the old American stories about economy oil entitlements and party politics.
 Power Without Responsibility (subtitled: The Press and Broadcasting in Britain or Press Broadcasting and the Internet in Britain) is a book written by James Curran (Professor of Communications at Goldsmiths College) and Jean Seaton (Professor of Media History at the University of Westminster). Originally published in 1981 by Fontana it has been translated into several languages and is now in its seventh edition. The title comes from a quote by former British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin.
 Sherlock Holmes and the Man from Hell is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Barrie Roberts. The character Lord Backwater is first mentioned in the short story The Noble Bachelor by Arthur Conan Doyle.
 The Latin American Herald Tribune (LAHT) is an online-only newspaper with headquarters in Caracas Venezuela. It is aimed at English-reading people who want to be informed about Latin America. The publication identifies itself as the successor of the defunct Venezuelan newspaper The Daily Journal. Russell M. Dallen Jr. is the President and Editor-in-chief of LAHT since 2008.
 The Federal Register abbreviated FR or sometimes Fed. Reg. is the official journal of the federal government of the United States that contains government agency rules proposed rules and public notices. It is a daily (except federal holidays) publication.The Federal Register is compiled by the Office of the Federal Register (within the National Archives and Records Administration) and is printed by the Government Printing Office.
 Taboo is a play first performed in 1922 written by Mary Hoyt Wiborg.It is set on a plantation in Louisiana before the American Civil War and in Africa. It opened on April 4 1922 in the Sam Harris Theater Harlem. It starred Margaret Wycherly the only white member of the cast Paul Robeson other African American actors and African students at Columbia University. An African dance was performed by C. Kamba Simango a Mozambican student at Columbia.
 Commodore Force was a computer games magazine covering games for the Commodore 64. It was published in the UK by Europress Impact. Its predecessor was Zzap!64.
 McJAWN is a Philadelphia based online art and culture magazine. In June 2008 the company was founded by Yis Goodwin and Wen Vo. McJAWN started off as a small online magazine that highlighted the current Philadelphia art scene. As of 2009 the company was receiving over 3000 hits per day. McJAWN is currently in partnership with Philadelphia Inquirer's Phrequency.com Two One Five Magazine and Urban Outfitters.McJAWN is Wordpress-powered but can at times have a Flash-based reading interface.
 Dispatches is a New Journalism book by Michael Herr that describes the author's experiences in Vietnam as a war correspondent for Esquire magazine. First published in 1977 Dispatches was one of the first pieces of American literature that allowed Americans to understand the experiences of soldiers in the Vietnam War.
 The Champion Maker is a novel about running that falls within the suspense thriller genre. It was written by Kevin Joseph
 The Idiot (Russian: Идиот Idiot) is a novel written by the 19th-century Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky. It was first published serially in The Russian Messenger between 1868 and 1869. The Idiot alongside some of Dostoyevsky's other works is often considered one of the most brilliant literary achievements of the Golden Age of Russian literature.
 The Managed heart: Commercialization of Human Feeling by Arlie Russell Hochschild was first published in 1979 and a new preface was added in 1983. A 20th Anniversary addition with a new afterword added by the author was published in 2003. It was reissued in 2012 with a new preface. It has been translated into German (Campus Press) Chinese (Laureate Books Taipei Taiwan) Japanese (Sekai Shisosha Kyoto Japan) and Polish (Polish Scientific Publishers PWN).
 Rob Roy (1817) is a historical novel by Walter Scott. It is narrated by Frank Osbaldistone the son of an English merchant who travels first to the North of England and subsequently to the Scottish Highlands to collect a debt stolen from his father. On the way he encounters the larger-than-life title character Rob Roy MacGregor.
 This River Awakens is the first novel by Canadian author Steve Lundin best known by his pseudonym Steven Erikson. The book was first published in 1998 with funding by the Manitoba Arts Council.
 Maestro is a 1989 novel written by Australian author Peter Goldsworthy. It is a bildungsroman which deals with the themes of art and life.The novel was shortlisted for the 1990 Miles Franklin Award. It has been translated into German and is a set text on year-twelve syllabuses in several Australian states. It was chosen for the inaugural Australian One Book—One Town project.
 Joshiraku (じょしらく lit. Rakugo Girls) is a 2009–2013 Japanese comedy manga series written by Kōji Kumeta and illustrated by Yasu telling the everyday lives of five young female rakugo comedians. It was serialised in Kodansha's Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine and compiled in six volumes. An anime adaptation by J.C.Staff aired in Japan between July and September 2012 with an original video animation episode released in February 2013.
 The Best Day is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror. Card originally published this story in his novel Saints (1983) under the pen name Dinah Kirkham.
 The Quarterly Review of Literature (QRL) was an influential American literary magazine founded in 1943 by the poet Theodore (Ted) Weiss (1916–2003) and then Spanish teacher Warren Pendleton Carrier (1918–2009). In 1944 Weiss's wife — Renée Karol Weiss (born 1923) a violinist and later an author of children's books — replaced Carrier when he entered the military. The Review showcased emerging and major writers including William Carlos Williams Wallace Stevens E. E.
 Matrix Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of matrix biology. The journal is published 8 times per year by Elsevier. The journal was established in 1981 as Collagen and Related Research and renamed to Matrix: Collagen and Related Research in 1988 before obtaining its current name in 1994. It is an official journal of the American Society for Matrix Biology and the International Society for Matrix Biology.
 Pan Tadeusz (full title in English: Sir Thaddeus or the Last Lithuanian Foray: A Nobleman's Tale from the Years of 1811 and 1812 in Twelve Books of Verse; Polish original: Pan Tadeusz czyli ostatni zajazd na Litwie. Historia szlachecka z roku 1811 i 1812 we dwunastu księgach wierszem) is an epic poem by the Polish poet writer and philosopher Adam Mickiewicz.
 More Than Good Intentions: How a New Economics is Helping to Solve Global Poverty is a non-fiction book by Yale economist Dean Karlan and field researcher Jacob Appel published in 2011. It combines insights from behavioral economics with field research from developing countries to discuss and evaluate international development and poverty-alleviation programs. The authors describe the book as “...a new way to understand what really works to reduce poverty...”
 The Ledger-Enquirer is a McClatchy newspaper headquartered in Downtown Columbus Georgia in the United States. It was founded in 1828 as the Columbus Enquirer by Mirabeau B. Lamar who later played a pivotal role in the founding of the Republic of Texas and served as its third President. The newspaper is a two-time recipient of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service.
 My Friend Flicka is a 1941 novel by Mary O'Hara about Ken McLaughlin the son of a Wyoming rancher and his horse Flicka. It was the first in a trilogy followed by Thunderhead (1943) and Green Grass of Wyoming (1946). The popular 1943 film version featured young Roddy McDowall. It was followed by film adaptations of the other two novels Thunderhead Son of Flicka in 1945 and Green Grass of Wyoming in 1948.
 Athletic Shorts: Six Short Stories is a young-adult fiction short story collection by Chris Crutcher. Most of the stories are related to Crutcher's early work. This book also contains the short story A Brief Moment in the Life of Angus Bethune which first appeared in Connections edited by Donald R. Gallo published in 1989 by Delacorte Press. It was adapted into the film Angus.
 State by State: A Panoramic Portrait of America is a collection of pieces about the United States of America with one essay on each of the fifty states. It was conceived of and edited by Matt Weiland and Sean Wilsey.
 Our Nig: Sketches from the Life of a Free Black is an autobiographical slave narrative by Harriet E. Wilson. It was published in 1859 and rediscovered in 1982 by professor Henry Louis Gates Jr.. It is considered the first novel published by an African-American woman on the North American continent.
 Er ist wieder da (pronounced [ɛʁ ʔɪst ˈviːdɐ daː]; literal translation: He's back again) is a bestselling German satirical novel about Adolf Hitler by Timur Vermes published in 2012 by Eichborn Verlag.
 China Mountain Zhang is a 1992 novel by science fiction author Maureen F. McHugh. The novel is made up of several stories loosely intertwined.
 Killers of the Dawn is the ninth book in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan (his real name Darren O'Shaughnessy). It is also the third book in the Vampire War trilogy. It also continues the events of Allies of the Night which leaves Darren meeting his ex-girlfriend Debbie and his ex-bestfriend Steve Leonard who is later revealed to be a half vampaneze.
 For The Win is the second young adult science fiction novel by Canadian author Cory Doctorow. It was released in May 2010. The novel is available free on the author's website as a Creative Commons download and is also published in traditional paper form by Tor Books.The book is centered around massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Even though the novel is targeted toward young adults it takes on significant concepts such as macroeconomics and labor rights.
 Great Contemporaries is a collection of 25 short biographical essays about famous people written by Winston Churchill.The original collection of 21 essays published in 1937 were mainly written between 1928 and 1931. Four were added to the book in the 1939 edition about Lord Fisher Charles Stewart Parnell Lord Baden-Powell and Franklin D. Roosevelt.
 Involuntary Witness (Italian: Testimone Inconsapevole) is a legal thriller by Italian writer Gianrico Carofiglio published originally in 2002 and translated into English by Patrick Creagh in 2005.
 A Mother is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 The Art of the Engine Driver is a 2001 novel by Australian author Steven Carroll. It is the first in a sequence of novels followed by The Gift of Speed and The Time We Have Taken.
 An American Life is the 1990 autobiography authored by former American President Ronald Reagan. Released almost two years after Reagan left office the book reached number eight on The New York Times Best Seller list.
 The Journal of Intellectual & Developmental Disability is a multidisciplinary journal in the field of intellectual and developmental disability and the official journal of the Australasian Society for Intellectual Disability. The editors in chief are Susan Balandin (Department of Health and Social Sciences Molde University College Norway) and Ian Dempsey (Faculty of Education and Arts School of Education University of Newcastle Australia).
 Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na (夜明け前より瑠璃色な lit. A Brighter Blue Than That Before the Dawn) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August and first released on September 22 2005 for Windows. It was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. A manga illustrated by Hoehoe Nōmiso was serialized in Dengeki Daioh between the November 2005 and May 2007 issues.
 Chegemskaya Pravda (Russian: Чегемская правда) is an independent Russian-language weekly newspaper in Abkhazia. It was founded on 18 June 2004 by Inal Khashig. It currently has a circulation of 1100 and its price is 10 ruble.
 Alternative Press Review (byline: Your guide beyond the mainstream) is a libertarian American magazine established in 1994 as a sister periodical to Anarchy: A Journal of Desire Armed. As of 2002 its editorial collective consisted of Jason McQuinn (Anarchy) Chuck Munson (Infoshop.org) and Thomas Wheeler (Out of Bounds).
 Babyteeth is a play by Australian playwright Rita Kalnejais published by Currency Press in 2012.
 The Ledge is a short story by Stephen King first published in the July 1976 issue of Penthouse and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.
 Gormenghast is a fantasy novel by British witer Mervyn Peake the second in his Gormenghast series. It is the story of Titus Groan 77th Earl of Groan and Lord of Gormenghast Castle from age 7 to 17. As the story opens Titus dreads the pre-ordained life of ritual that stretches before him. To Titus Master of Ritual Barquentine and his apprentice Steerpike are the embodiment of all he wants to rebel against.
 Triangles is a fiction novel written by Ellen Hopkins. It is her first adult novel.
 Home and Away is a weekly Irish emigrant newspaper printed and distributed in New York City USA.The paper was founded in 2003 by Fergus Hannah but was bought out by Irish Voice and Irish America publisher Niall O'Dowd in June 2007 for an undisclosed sum.The paper is available mostly in Irish pubs around the city of New York and has a weekly circulation of about 12000.The paper contains sections on Irish news a round-up of Irish news by county sports as well as other sections.
 Stone Cold is a realistic young-adult novel by Robert Swindells published by Heinemann in 1993.
 JLA was a monthly comic book published by DC Comics from January 1997 to April 2006 featuring the Justice League.
 Cryptonomicon is a 1999 novel by American author Neal Stephenson. The novel follows the exploits of two groups of people in two different time periods presented in alternating chapters. The first group is World War II-era Allied codebreakers and tactical-deception operatives affiliated with the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park and disillusioned Axis military and intelligence figures whom they encounter.
 Wilson is a 2013 biography of the 28th President of the United States Woodrow Wilson by Pulitzer Prize-winning author A. Scott Berg. The book is a New York Times Best Seller.
 The Last Season: A Team in Search of Its Soul is a book by the former American basketball coach Phil Jackson originally published by the Penguin Press in 2004. The book deals with the ups and downs of the Los Angeles Lakers' 2003-04 season and offers Jackson's insight into the team's season that ended in a breakup but not a championship despite boasting four potential future Hall of Famers: Shaquille O'Neal Kobe Bryant Karl Malone and Gary Payton.
 Basilisk (バジリスク〜甲賀忍法帖〜 Bajirisuku ~Kōga Ninpō Chō~ Basilisk: The Kōga Ninja Scrolls) is a Japanese manga and anime series. The manga was written and illustrated by Masaki Segawa and published in Japan in 2003 and 2004 based on the novel The Kouga Ninja Scrolls by Futaro Yamada published in 1958. The anime produced in 2005 by Gonzo Studios closely follows the manga aside from a handful of distinctions. The manga won the 2004 Kodansha Manga Award for general manga.
 Portrait in Death (2003) is a novel by J. D. Robb. It is the sixteenth novel in the In Death series.
 Text & Talk is a double-blind peer-reviewed journal published by Mouton de Gruyter. It provides an international and interdisciplinary forum for publication of research in language discourse and communication studies.The journal was first published under the name TEXT in 1981.The editor for 2020 is Srikant Sarangi (Cardiff University).
 International Journal of Men's Health is a peer reviewed journal established in 2002 as the second of five currently published by Men's Studies Press and the first worldwide to focus specifically on men's health. IJMH is currently edited by Steve Robertson of Leeds Metropolitan University.All journal articles are subject to a masked review process.
 Peaceful War: How the Chinese Dream and the American Destiny Create a Pacific New World Order is a book written by Patrick Mendis. It provides an epic analysis of the unfolding drama between the clashing forces of the Chinese dream and the American Dream.
 Beyond Lies the Wub is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Gollancz in 1988 and reprints Volume I of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick.
 Bumper Crop is a collection of short stories by Joe R. Lansdale published in 2004 by Golden Gryphon Press.
 Ode to a Banker is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Princess Lover! (プリンセスラバー! Purinsesu Rabaa!) is a Japanese visual novel and the first title developed by Ricotta. It was first released as an adult game for the PC on June 27 2008 in both limited and regular editions which was followed by an all-ages release for the PlayStation 2 on January 28 2010.
 Living History is the memoir of United States Senator from New York (and former First Lady and Secretary of State) Hillary Rodham Clinton published in 2003.In December 2000 Simon & Schuster agreed to pay Clinton a reported $8 million advance for what became Living History—a near-record figure to an author for an advance at that time. Critics charged that the book deal coming soon after her election to the U.S.
 The Marble Faun: Or The Romance of Monte Beni also known by the British title Transformation was the last of the four major romances by Nathaniel Hawthorne and was published in 1860. The Marble Faun written on the eve of the American Civil War is set in a fantastical Italy. The romance mixes elements of a fable pastoral gothic novel and travel guide.
 Omega Minor is a 2004 novel by the Belgian writer Paul Verhaeghen. The narrative follows a number of European research students and their theories about the Omega density parameter and the nature of dark matter as well as ponders on the violence of World War II. The book received the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prize in 2005 and the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize in 2008.
 A Sensible Life (1990) is a novel written by British author Mary Wesley. The story takes its beginning in 1926 when Flora Trevelyan is ten years old and follows her life and the people whose lives she touches throughout the following thirty-five years.
 Dirt is the second novel in the Stone Barrington series by Stuart Woods.It was first published in 1996 by HarperCollins. The novel takes place in New York a few years after the events in New York Dead. The novel continues the story of Stone Barrington a retired detective turned lawyer/private investigator
 Twilight Zone: 19 Original Stories on the 50th Anniversary is a collection of short stories written by various authors and edited by Carol Serling the widow of series creator Rod Serling. Each story was written with themes or styles similar to The Twilight Zone episodes including narrated introductions and conclusions to each story. Authors who contributed a story include Twilight Zone veteran Earl Hamner Alan Brennert and William F. Wu and a previously unpublished story by Rod Serling.
 The Thaw (1978) is a novelette by Tanith Lee. It was first published in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine in June 1979 and has been reprinted in various anthologies.
 The Discovery of Slowness (original German title: Die Entdeckung der Langsamkeit) is a novel by Sten Nadolny written under a double conceit: first as a novelization of the life of British Arctic explorer Sir John Franklin and second as a hymn of praise to slowness a quality which Nadolny's fictional Franklin possesses in abundance.
 El Nuevo Siglo (English: The New Century) is a regional daily newspaper based in Bogotá Colombia. It was founded in 1936 with the name El Siglo by Laureano Gómez Castro and José de la Vega but its staunch opposition to the military rule of General Gustavo Rojas Pinilla led it to be closed by the Government in 1953 and only reopened at the end of the dictatorship in 1957.
 The Company of Women is a novel by Indian author Khushwant Singh.
 The Golden Bowl is a 1904 novel by Henry James. Set in England this complex intense study of marriage and adultery completes what some critics have called the major phase of James' career. The Golden Bowl explores the tangle of interrelationships between a father and daughter and their respective spouses.The novel focuses deeply and almost exclusively on the consciousness of the central characters with sometimes obsessive detail but also with powerful insight.
 Autobiography of a Yogi is an autobiography of Paramahansa Yogananda (January 5 1893–March 7 1952) first published in 1946. Yogananda was born Mukunda Lal Ghosh in Gorakhpur India into a Bengali family.Autobiography of a Yogi introduces the reader to the life of Paramahansa Yogananda and his encounters with spiritual figures of both the East and West.
 Visions of Gerard is a 1963 novel by American Beat writer Jack Kerouac. It is the first volume in Kerouac's Dulouz Legend. Unique among Kerouac's novels Visions of Gerard focuses on the scenes and sensations of childhood as evidenced in the tragically short yet happy life of his older brother Gerard. Kerouac paints a picture of the boy as a saint who loves all creatures and teaches this doctrine to four-year-old Jack.
 Dunbar's local songs and recitations 1874 (full title: “Dunbar's Local and other Songs Recitations and Conundrums A Local Tale &c. Composed by the late William Dunbar Wardley Colliery who died February 23rd 1874 aged 21 years. Printed by Stevenson and Dryden St Nicholas' Church Yard Newcastle upon Tyne 1874”) is a chapbook of Geordie folk song consisting of over 40 pages published in 1874 after the author’s death.
 Further Adventures of Lad also known as Dog Stories Every Child Should Know is a 1922 American novel written by Albert Payson Terhune and published by George H. Doran. A follow-up to Lad: A Dog it contains an additional eleven short stories featuring a fictional version of Terhune's real-life rough collie Lad including the stories of Lad's initial arrival at the Place the death of his mate and the day of his own death.
 Noorte Hääl (Voice of Youth) was a newspaper published in Estonia.
 The Book of Laughter and Forgetting (Czech: Kniha smíchu a zapomnění) is a novel by Milan Kundera published in France in 1979. It is composed of seven separate narratives united by some common themes. The book considers the nature of forgetting as it occurs in history politics and life in general. The stories also contain elements found in the genre of Magical Realism.
 This is about the novel; for the organization see Free the Bears Fund.Setting Free the Bears is the first novel by American author John Irving published in 1968 by Random House.Irving studied at the Institute of European Studies in Vienna in 1963 and Bears was written between 1965 and 1967 based largely on Irving's understanding of the city and its rebellious youth of the 1960s.
 The Forgotten Beasts of Eld is a fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip first published by Atheneum Publishers in 1974 and later Magic Carpet Books in 1996. It is the winner of the 1975 World Fantasy Award. The book centers on the fictional character Sybel a woman previously cut off from the rest of the fictional world of Eldwold as she learns to live and love in the world outside of the one she once knew.
 Most American comic book publishers in the 1930s and '40s Golden Age of comic books published anthology titles that showcased a variety of characters usually with one star—such as Green Lantern in All-American Comics or Wonder Woman in Sensation Comics.
 Mastering the Art of Solution-Focused Counseling is a book by mental health counselor educator and author Jeffrey Guterman that describes the theory and practice of solution-focused counseling. In the 1990s Guterman developed a solution focused brief therapy model called solution-focused counseling. The model is an integration of solution-focused principles and techniques postmodern theories and a strategic approach to eclecticism.
 The Tree of Man is the fourth published novel by the Australian novelist and 1973 Nobel Prize-winner Patrick White. It is a domestic drama chronicling the lives of the Parker family and their changing fortunes over many decades.
 Total Resistance originally published in German as Der totale Widerstand: Eine Kleinkriegsanleitung für Jedermann (Total Resistance: A Guerrilla Warfare Manual for Everyone) is a guerilla warfare manual. It was written in 1957 by the Swiss army officer Hans von Dach to prepare the Swiss population for an occupation of Switzerland by Warsaw Pact forces an eventuality then considered possible in the context of the Cold War.
 Mary of Scotland was a 1933 Broadway three act play written in Blank verse by Maxwell Anderson produced by the Theatre Guild directed by Theresa Helburn and with scenic and costume design by Robert Edmond Jones. It ran for 248 performances from November 27 1933 to July 1934 at the Alvin Theatre. A scene between Mary and Elizabeth never actually happened as they never met. Anderson's son Quentin Anderson played a warder.
 Daytripper is a ten-issue American comic book limited series by Fábio Moon and Gabriel Bá published by the DC Comics imprint Vertigo.
 Sit Down and Shut Up: Punk Rock Commentaries on Buddha God Truth Sex Death & Dogen's Treasury of the Right Dharma Eye is a book written by Brad Warner an author and ordained Zen priest. The work serves as both an autobiography and an introduction to Dogen's (道元) work Shōbōgenzō (正法眼蔵) (Treasury of the Right Dharma Eye).
 Bodily Harm is a novel by Margaret Atwood. It was first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1981.
 Nausea (French: La Nausée) is an epistolary novel by the existentialist philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre which was published in 1938 and written while he was teaching at the lycée of Le Havre.
 Boba Fett: Hunted is a 2003 children's science fiction book by Elizabeth Hand set in the Star Wars galaxy at the beginning of the Clone Wars. This sequel to Boba Fett: A New Threat was published by Scholastic Press. The book takes place two months after Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 22 years before Episode IV: A New Hope.In August 2008 the first three books in this series were repackaged as a Borders exclusive hardcover edition.
 The Asian Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all areas of pure and theoretical applied mathematics. It is published by International Press.
 Gil Blas (French: L'Histoire de Gil Blas de Santillane [listwaʁ də ʒil blɑ də sɑ̃tijan]) is a picaresque novel by Alain-René Lesage published between 1715 and 1735. It is considered to be the last masterpiece of the picaresque genre.
 La Fausse Suivante or Le Fourbe Puni is a play by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux written in 1724 and produced for the first time by the Comédie-Italienneon the July 8 1724 at the theatre of the Hôtel de Bourgogne.The themes of the play are seduction money power cross-dressing. The main male character is a manipulative libertine who promises marriage to a rich countess for her fortune.
 The New Jersey Herald is a newspaper published six days (Sunday-Friday) every week. Its headquarters are in Newton New Jersey. It is the only daily newspaper published in Sussex County New Jersey and one of the oldest in the state. It has a distribution that reaches into both Morris County and Warren County in New Jersey as well as Pike County Pennsylvania and Orange County New York.
 Miri Jiyori (Assamese: মিৰি জীয়ৰী; literally: The Miri Maiden) is an Assamese novel written by Rajanikanta Bordoloi. It was the first Assamese novel published in 1894[citation needed]. The book unveils some important aspects of then-contemporary Mising society and a series of their customs and traditions. It is a social novel based on a simple love story.
 Yellow Star is a 2006 biographical children's novel by Jennifer Roy. Written in free verse it depicts life through the eyes of a young Jewish girl whose family was forced into the Łódź Ghetto in 1939 during World War II. Roy tells the story of her aunt Syvia who shared her childhood memories with Roy more than 50 years after the ghetto's liberation. Roy added fictionalized dialogue but did not otherwise alter the story.
 Understanding Consciousness (2000) is a book by Max Velmans Emeritus Professor of Psychology at Goldsmiths University of London which combines an account of scientific studies of consciousness with a perspective from the philosophy of mind. The book was shortlisted for the British Psychological Society book of the year award in 2001 and 2002. Philip Pullman called it one of the clearest and most elegant accounts he had seen of the topic.
 The Oversoul Seven Trilogy is a novel by psychic author Jane Roberts. It consists of the three previously published books The Education of Oversoul Seven (1973) The Further Education of Oversoul Seven (1979) and Oversoul Seven and the Museum of Time (1984).The Oversoul Seven Trilogy is a work of fiction based on the Seth material.
 The Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in all areas of artificial intelligence. It was established in 1993 as one of the first scientific journals distributed online. Paper volumes are printed by the AAAI Press. The editor-in-chief is Craig Boutilier (University of Toronto).
 The Daily Princetonian is the award-winning daily independent student newspaper of Princeton University. Founded in 1876 and daily since 1892 the Prince is among the oldest college newspapers in the country.
 The Business Process Management Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of quality management. The editor-in-chief is Majed Al-Mashari (King Saud University). The journal was established in 1995 as the Business Process Re-engineering & Management Journal and obtained its current title in 1997. It is published by Emerald Group Publishing. The journal is abstracted and indexed in DIALOG Inspec ProQuest databases and Scopus.
 The Journal Star is the major daily newspaper for Peoria Illinois and surrounding area. First owned locally then employee-owned it became a Copley-owned entity in 1996. In 2007 the paper was sold to Fairport New York-based GateHouse Media.
 Pipe Dreams: Greed Ego and the Death of Enron is a book by Robert Bryce and published in 2002 by PublicAffairs with an introduction by Molly Ivins.
 Gates of Fire is a 1998 historical fiction novel by Steven Pressfield that recounts the Battle of Thermopylae through Xeones a Spartan Perioikoi and the sole Greek survivor of the battle.Gates of Fire is on the Commandant of the Marine Corps' Reading list. It is taught at West Point the United States Naval Academy and at the Marine Corps Basic School at Quantico.
 The Monkey Wrench Gang is a novel written by American author Edward Abbey (1927–1989) published in 1975.Easily Abbey's most famous fiction work the novel concerns the use of sabotage to protest environmentally damaging activities in the American Southwest and was so influential that the term monkeywrench has come to mean besides sabotage and damage to machines any sabotage activism law-making or law-breaking to preserve wilderness wild spaces and ecosystems.In 1985 Dream Garden Press released a special 10th Anniversary edition of the book featuring illustrations by R. 
 The Zeitschrift für Angewandte Mathematik und Physik (English: Journal of Applied Mathematics and Physics) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Birkhäuser Verlag. The editor-in-chief is Kaspar Nipp (ETH Zurich). It was established in 1950 and covers the fields of fluid mechanics solid mechanics differential equations/applied mathematics and related topics. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.938.
 On Gold Mountain: The One-Hundred-Year Odyssey of My Chinese-American Family describes 100 years of author Lisa See’s family history providing a complex portrait of her family’s hard work suffering failures and successes as they moved from China to the United States. Speaking of the Chinese side of her family See has said: Things were so fractured and wild at home ... But the weekends with my grandparents became the real center for me ...
 The Big Question: A Novel of Reality Television by the Author of Confessions of a Dangerous Mind is a 2007 novel by Chuck Barris about a game show which airs in 2011.
 Tough Love is a novel written by Kerry Katona. It was published on 18 October 2007. It is the first in a trilogy of novels following the Crompton family.
 The Clone Republic is the first book in the Clone series of novels set in 2508 AD. It is followed by Rogue Clone The Clone Alliance The Clone Elite The Clone Betrayal The Clone Sedition The Clone Empire and The Clone Redemption.
 Byakuren no Fang (白蓮のファング Byakuren no Fangu) is a Japanese manga series by Yoshihiro Takahashi which was serialized in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Sunday.
 Bill the Conqueror is a novel by P.G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 13 November 1924 by Methuen & Co. London and in the United States on 20 February 1925 by George H. Doran New York the story having previously been serialised in the Saturday Evening Post from 24 May to 12 July 1924.
 Southern Literary Journal was established in 1968 by editors Louis D. Rubin Jr. and C. Hugh Holman.
 The Goblin Tower is a fantasy novel by American writer L. Sprague de Camp the first book of both his Novarian series and the Reluctant King trilogy featuring King Jorian of Xylar. It was first published as a paperback by Pyramid Books in 1968 and later reprinted by Del Rey Books. The first hardbound edition was issued by HarperCollins in 1987.
 The West African Pilot was a newspaper launched in Nigeria by Nnamdi Azikiwe (Zik) in 1937 dedicated to fightingfor independence from British colonial rule.
 Mind Performance Hacks: Tips and Tools for Overclocking Your Brain is a self-help book using psychology and mnemonic techniques to improve thinking skills such as memory creativity mental math and other cognitive abilities by Ron Hale-Evans who wrote and researched approximately 80% of the book material. It is also notable in its use of Perl programming scripts to supplement a few of the hacks.
 The British Journal of Haematology is a peer-reviewed medical journal focusing on hematology and other blood-related topics such as blood diseases and their treatment. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Society for Haematology.
 Molecular Reproduction and Development is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes research articles on developmental and reproductive biology. The journal was established in 1978 and the editor-in-chief is Gary M. Wessel.
 Show Me! is a controversial sex education book by photographer Will McBride. It appeared in 1974 in German under the title Zeig Mal! written with psychiatrist Helga Fleischhauer-Hardt for children and their parents. It was translated into English a year later and was widely available in bookstores on both sides of the Atlantic for many years but later became subject to expanded child pornography laws in jurisdictions including the United States.
 Trail of the Wolf is the twenty-fifth book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 Benny & Mice was an Indonesian comic strip made by Benny Rachmadi and Muhammad Mice Misrad.
 Essentials of Programming Languages (EOPL) is a textbook on programming languages by Daniel P. Friedman Mitchell Wand and Christopher T. Haynes.EOPL surveys the principles of programming languages from an operational perspective. It starts with an interpreter in Scheme for a simple functional core language similar to the lambda calculus and then systematically adds constructs.
 The Astronomical Journal (often abbreviated AJ in scientific papers and references) is a peer-reviewed monthly scientific journal owned by the American Astronomical Society and currently published by IOP Publishing. It is one of the premier journals for astronomy in the world. Until 2008 the journal was published by the University of Chicago Press on behalf of the American Astronomical Society.
 A Taste of Honey is the first play by the British dramatist Shelagh Delaney written when she was 18. It was initially intended as a novel but she turned it into a play because she hoped to revitalise British theatre and to address social issues that she felt were not being presented. The play was first produced by Joan Littlewood's Theatre Workshop and was premiered at the Theatre Royal Stratford East a small fringe theatre in London on 27 May 1958.
 Road Dogs the 2009 novel by author Elmore Leonard continues the stories of bank robber Jack Foley (Out of Sight) Cundo Rey (LaBrava) and Dawn Navarro (Riding the Rap).
 The Arizona Republic is an American daily newspaper published in Phoenix. Circulated throughout Arizona it is the state's largest newspaper. Since 2000 it has been owned by the Gannett newspaper chain. In 2013 it dropped from the sixteenth ranked daily newspaper in the United States to number twenty-one by circulation.
 Loudspeaker Design Cookbook by Vance Dickason is a resource for the design and construction of audio loudspeakers.
 Bodo's Power Systems is a German monthly news magazine focusing exclusively on power electronics and is published in Laboe. The editor-in-chief is Bodo Arlt.
 Stiff is a 1994 Australian crime thriller novel written by Shane Maloney. It is the first novel in a series of crime thrillers following the character of Murray Whelan as he investigates crimes in the Melbourne area in the course of trying to keep his job with the Australian Labor Party.
 Big Al is a children's picture book written by Andrew Clements and illustrated by Yoshi Kogo. It was originally released in 1989 through Picture Book Studio later rereleased via Simon & Schuster. A sequel Big Al and Shrimpy was published in 2002. The book is about a fish named Al who wants to have friends but all the fish are afraid of him.
 The Power of Half: One Family's Decision to Stop Taking and Start Giving Back is a book written by Kevin Salwen and his 14-year-old daughter Hannah in 2010.It describes how the Salwen family came to decide to sell its home so that it could donate half the proceeds to charity. The family then bought a new home for itself half the size.
 The Omen Machine is Terry Goodkind's 12th novel and the first in a new series about Richard and Kahlan. Events in the book take place directly after the end of Confessor.
 Moondyne is an 1879 novel by John Boyle O'Reilly which was made into a film of the same name in 1913. It is very loosely based on the life of the Western Australian convict escapee and bushranger Moondyne Joe.
 International Labour Review is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Labour Organization. It was established in 1999 and covers topics such as labour market institutions and economics. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.340 ranking it 20th out of 23 journals in the category Industrial Relations & Labor and 252nd out of 321 journals in the category Economics.
 Harry Kitten and Tucker Mouse is a children's book written by George Selden and illustrated by Garth Williams. It is the prequel to The Cricket in Times Square. Dell Publishing originally published the book in 1986.
 Shanghai Girls is a 2009 novel by Lisa See. In an important sense it returns to the beginning of her major writing career.
 Tarzan of the Apes is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the first in a series of books about the title character Tarzan. It was first published in the pulp magazine All-Story Magazine in October 1912; the first book edition was published in 1914. The character was so popular that Burroughs continued the series into the 1940s with two dozen sequels.
 Blind Faith is a bestselling 1989 true crime novel by Joe McGinniss based on the 1984 case in which American businessman Robert O. Marshall was charged with (and later convicted of) the contract killing of his wife Maria. The book was adapted into an Emmy Award-nominated TV miniseries in 1990.
 Four-Cornered Circle is a 2007 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary the last published prior to his death in 2010. The plot revolves around two sisters one of whom develops feelings for the other's husband. The story is told from the point of view of the sisters which Cleary admits was a difficult writing challenge trying to not intrude a man's viewpoint on what the women thought and what they did.
 Coal Bones is a crime novel by the American writer Karen Rose Cercone set in 1905 Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of detective Milo Kachigan and his investigation of a murder of a coal miner in Bull Creek Mine.
 Ulus was a Turkish newspaper published between 1934-1971 in Ankara.
 Biographia Britannica was a multi-volume biographical compendium the most ambitious attempt in the latter half of the eighteenth century to document the lives of notable British men and women. The first edition edited by William Oldys appeared in 6 volumes (the sixth in two parts the second sometimes catalogued as volume 7) between 1747 and 1766.
 Remorse for Intemperate Speech is a poem written by Irish poet William Butler Yeats. It appeared in his 1933 volume of poems The Winding Stair and Other Poems. Yeats wrote this poem in August 1931.
 The Philosophy of 'As If': A System of the Theoretical Practical and Religious Fictions of Mankind (German: Die Philosophie des Als Ob) is a 1911 book by the German philosopher Hans Vaihinger based on his dissertation of 1877. The work for which Vaihinger is best known it was published in an English translation by C. K. Ogden in 1924.
 Among the Truthers: A Journey Through America's Growing Conspiracist Underground is a 2011 book by Canadian journalist Jonathan Kay that examines the popularity of conspiracy theories in the United States. The book examines the history and psychology of conspiracy theories particularly focusing on the 9/11 Truth movement. It received generally positive reviews though some reviewers raised issues about the book's focus and political claims.
 The Three Leaps of Wang Lun (Die drei Sprünge des Wang-lun) is a historical novel by German author Alfred Döblin that narrates upheaval and revolution in 18th-century China. Published in 1916 (although back-dated to 1915) this epic historical novel was Döblin's third novel (although it was the first to be published as a book) and garnered him the Fontane Prize. Favorably received by critics who praised its detailed and exotic depictions of China it was a literary breakthrough for Döblin.
 Questioning the Millennium is a 1997 book by Stephen Jay Gould that deals with the definition and calculation of the millennium and the cultural historical meaning of these questions.
 Tazianeh Qeirat (Persian: تازیانه غیرت‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this newspaper was Mankou Ghaane Zolkheir and it was published in Shiraz since 1915.
 The Storyteller (Spanish: El Hablador) is a novel by Peruvian author and Literatute Nobel Prize winner Mario Vargas Llosa. The story tells of Saúl Zuratas a university student who leaves civilization and becomes a storyteller for the Machiguenga native Americans. The novel thematizes the Westernization of indigenous peoples through missions and through anthropological studies and questions the perceived notion that indigenous cultures are set in stone.
 Twice 22 is a collection of short stories by Ray Bradbury. The book published in 1966 is an omnibus edition of The Golden Apples of the Sun and A Medicine for Melancholy. It is titled Twice 22 on the book's dustjacket and spine but titled Twice Twenty-two on the book's title page.
 La Maravilla (English: The Wonder) is the first novel by Alfredo Véa Jr. published on April 1 1993. According to the Penguin Groups USA website it has become a minor classic of Chicano literature and a core text in Latin studies programs.
 The Closed Circle: An interpretation of the Arabs is a book by author David Pryce-Jones.
 The Journal Tribune (and York County Weekend) is a daily evening newspaper published in Biddeford Maine USA and is circulated throughout the greater York County Maine region. In 2003 the Saturday morning edition of the Journal Tribune was renamed York County Weekend.
 Fang: A Maximum Ride Novel is the sixth book in the Maximum Ride series written by James Patterson. It was released on February 5 2010 in Australia New Zealand and the UK and was released in the US on March 15 2010. Its tag line is: He has always been there for her. Now he may be gone forever.In January 2010 free Audio Excerpts of the first 6 chapters of Fang became available on James Patterson's official website.
 The Front Runner is a 1974 novel by Patricia Nell Warren. The book considered by some as a classic example of LGBT literature of the period is a love story exploring issues relating to homosexuals in American sports.The novel is:Dedicated to all the athletes who have fought for human rights in sports and to the young gay runner I met at a party who gave me the idea for this book.It is written in the first person as if by the protagonist Harlan Brown.
 Body of Secrets: Anatomy of the Ultra-Secret National Security Agency is a book by James Bamford about the NSA and its operations.
 Growth Fetish is a book about economics and politics by the Australian liberal political theorist Clive Hamilton.
 Sune börjar tvåan (Swedish: Sune starts the second grade) is a novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1985 it tells the story of Sune Andersson during the year the 2nd grade at school in Sweden.
 Shutter Island is a best-selling novel by Dennis Lehane published by Harper Collins in April 2003. A film adaptation was released in February 2010. Lehane has said he sought to write a novel that would be an homage to Gothic settings B movies and pulp. He described the novel as a hybrid of the works of the Brontë sisters and the 1956 film Invasion of the Body Snatchers.
 A Stranger in Mayfair by Charles Finch is a mystery set in Mayfair and surrounding neighborhoods in London England during the Victorian era. It is the fourth novel in the Charles Lenox series.
 Empire State News is a news broadcasting organization in New York State which maintains a news website a radio program called Empire State News a Monday to Saturday Empire State News newspaper and weather forecasting systems. Empire State News has operated since 2003 when production was begun by Statewide News Network Inc a three-decade old news broadcasting company for the Hudson Valley.
 Rip in Time is a five-part comic book limited series written by Bruce Jones and illustrated by Richard Corben first published by Fantagor Press in 1986. It tells the story of police officer Rip Scully and his adventures traveling back in time to the Jurassic era in pursuit of the man who kidnapped his fiancee.
 Resistance: Journal of the Earth Liberation Movement was an environmentalist magazine that was created with the stated aim to inform inspire and energize the earth liberation movement. One of the activists involved was former Earth Liberation Front spokesman Craig Rosebraugh.
 Ashita no Joe (あしたのジョー Ashita no Jō) is a critically acclaimed boxing manga written by Ikki Kajiwara and illustrated by Tetsuya Chiba in 1968 that was later adapted into an anime series and movie. The title means Joe of tomorrow or Tomorrow's Joe. Outside Japan it is also referred to as Rocky Joe or Joe. It was adapted into a live-action film starring popular actor/singer Tomohisa Yamashita as Yabuki Joe and Yūsuke Iseya as Rikiishi. The movie premiered in Japan on February 11 2011.
 The Timothy Files is a 1987 best selling work of fiction by Lawrence Sanders. It consists of linked stories featuring Timothy Cone who works as a hard-boiled type investigator. He is a scruffy character rough of mouth and demeanor but pure of heart. Cone has trouble with relationships surviving on a rough-edged on-going affair with his supervisor and an only slightly softer relationship with his cat Cleo.
 Stormbreaker is a 2000 New York Times Bestselling young adult novel by British author Anthony Horowitz and the first novel in the Alex Rider series. The book was released in the United Kingdom on September 4 2000 and had its United States release on May 21 2001.
 The Journal of Information Ethics is an academic journal of philosophy. The editor-in-chief is Robert Hauptmann. It has been published biannually since 1992 by McFarland & Company and the Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe. The publisher description of editorial content reads:From the ethics of Caller ID to transmission of sexually explicit materials via Internet the information age presents a barrage of ethical challenges.
 Music Connection is a US-based monthly music-trade magazine published since 1977. It caters to career-minded musicians songwriters recording artists and assorted music-industry support personnel. The magazine began by focusing on the Southern California music scene but now has a national focus and national distribution.
 White Man Falling is the debut novel by British author Mike Stocks. It won the 2006 Goss First Novel Award.
 Without Skin or Breathlessness is playwright Tanya Barfield's widely anthologized solo performance about a white mother looking back on the childhood of her biracial (half-black) child. The performance was chronicled in the solo performance anthology O Solo Homo.
 The Tartan formerly known as The Carnegie Tartan is the original student newspaper of Carnegie Mellon University. Publishing since 1906 it is one of Carnegie Mellon's largest and oldest student organizations. It currently has over 170 student members who contribute on a weekly basis. It is funded by advertisements and the university's student activities fee.
 The Undersea Trilogy is a series of three Science Fiction novels by authors Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson. The novels were first published by Gnome Press beginning in 1954. The novels were collected in a single omnibus volume published by Baen Books in 1992. The story takes place in and around the underwater dome city called Marinia. The hero of the stories is cadet Jim Eden of the Sub-Sea Academy.
 Salvage for the Saint is the title of a 1983 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint. The novel was written by Peter Bloxsom based on the two-part Return of the Saint episode Collision Course by John Kruse but per the custom at this time the author credit on the cover went to Leslie Charteris who created the Saint in 1928 and who served in an editorial capacity.
 The Inhabitant of the Lake and Less Welcome Tenants is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by British author J. Ramsey Campbell who dropped the initial from his name in subsequent publications. It was released in 1964 by Arkham House in an edition of 2009 copies and was the author's first book. The stories are part of the Cthulhu Mythos.
 Mapping the Atari written by Ian Chadwick in 1983 is a location-by-location explanation of the Atari 8-bit family's memory map. It was one of the must have references for programming the platform although it was published somewhat late in the machine's timeline. An updated version covering changes to the operating system and newer machines like the 130XE followed in 1985.The book contained not only the memory map but often included details of how to use them as well.
 The Mars trilogy is a series of award-winning science fiction novels by Kim Stanley Robinson that chronicles the settlement and terraforming of the planet Mars through the intensely personal and detailed viewpoints of a wide variety of characters spanning almost two centuries.
 A Walk in Wolf Wood: A Tale of Fantasy and Magic is an English children's fantasy novel written by Mary Stewart and published in 1980. Stewart tells the story of a sister and brother in 20th-century England who travel to 14th-century England when they follow a weeping man into Wolf Wood. In the past they help to rescue a kindhearted werewolf.A Walk in Wolf Wood is Mary Stewart's 18th novel and her third children's novel.
 Sorga Theevu (English: Heaven Island) is a novel by Sujatha Rangarajan published in the early 1970s. It was the first science fiction novel written by Sujatha Rangarajan and one of the earliest sci-fi works in Tamil language.
 Amai Seikatsu (甘い生活) also known by the English title Sweet Life is an ongoing Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hikaru Yuzuki.Amai Seikatsu was first published by Shueisha in 1990 in the 11th issue of Business Jump magazine. Currently the manga is still being serialized with forty-three tankōbon volumes released so far. The first volume was released on December 13 1990 and forty-fourth volume was released on February 19 2014.
 Ekstra Bladet (Danish pronunciation: [ˈɛɡsdʁɐˌblæˀð]) is a Danish tabloid newspaper focusing on sensationalist news and political revelations. stories. It gets a share of its income from sex ads. Since 1979 it has always had a partly or completely naked woman on page nine which is referred to as Side 9 Pigen (The Page 9 Girl) a Danish equivalent of the Page 3 girl in the United Kingdom.
 Evidence-based Complementary and Alternative Medicine is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal covering alternative medicine published by Hindawi Publishing Corporation. As of 2012 the journal had an impact factor of 1.722. The journal was established in 2004 by Edwin L.
 Ræstdzinad (Ossetian: Рæстдзинад; Truth) is an Ossetian language daily newspaper (excluding Sunday and Monday) published in Vladikavkaz Russia since March 14 1923. The circulation during recent years stood at 15000–20000 copies.
 The Snottle is a children's book by Michael Lawrence the fifth book in the Jiggy McCue book series and was first published in the UK in 2003.
 A Purple Place for Dying (1964) is the third novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.
 The Moon Moth is a science fiction short story by American author Jack Vance first published in 1961.
 A Separate Creation: The Search for the Biological Origins of Sexual Orientation is a 1996 book about the development of sexual orientation by journalist Chandler Burr.
 The Sky Over My Spectacles (眼鏡越しの空は… Meganegoshi no Sora wa...) is a manga written and illustrated by Mio Tennohji. The manga was published in Japan by Libre Publishing. It is licensed in North America by 801 Media as one of 801 Media's earliest titles.
 Pennsylvania History: A Journal of Mid-Atlantic Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. It is published quarterly by Penn State University Press.
 Digital Retro (full title Digital Retro: The Evolution and Design of the Personal Computer) is a coffee table book about the history of home computers and personal computers. It was written by Gordon Laing a former editor of Personal Computer World magazine and covers the period from 1975 to 1988 (the era before widespread adoption of PC compatibility).
 Devil's Game: How the United States Helped Unleash Fundamentalist Islam is a 2006 book by Robert Dreyfuss an American investigative journalist. It discusses how Western governments supported the growth of Islamic fundamentalism for several purposes.
 Corpse Princess (屍姫 Shikabane Hime) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshiichi Akahito. Premiering in Monthly Shōnen Gangan on April 12 2005 the series centers on the Corpse Princess Makina Hoshimura an undead girl who is hunting down 108 undead corpses in order to gain entry into heaven with the help of a secret society of anti-corpse Buddhist monks.Feel and Gainax partnered together to adapt the series into a thirteen episode anime series.
 The Heroic Age of American Invention is a 1961 science book for children by L. Sprague de Camp published by Doubleday.
 Caleb West Master Diver is a novel published in 1898 by Francis Hopkinson Smith that was the best selling book in the United States in 1898. It was first serialized in The Atlantic from October 1897 to March 1898 and was published in book form by Houghton Mifflin in April 1898 with illustrations by Malcolm Fraser and Arthur I. Keller.The book is based on Smith's experience in the building of the Race Rock Light near Fishers Island New York in the 1870s.
 The Pop Manifesto is a digital magazine based in New York USA but was founded in Sydney Australia. It focuses on counter culture and innovative creatives within the fields of music fashion and design. Founded by Ilirjana Alushaj and Karl Maier the pair claim the reason for its inception was to showcase the interesting people and projects they saw around them.
 Jonah Hex: Shadows West is a collection of graphic novels written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. The artwork was done by writer and illustrator Timothy Truman and artist Sam Glanzman. These works were published from 1993 to 1999 by DC Comics. These all surround the adventures of fictional bounty hunter Jonah Hex who was originally created by writer John Albano and artist Tony DeZuniga in 1977.
 Family Guy: Brian's Guide to Booze Broads and the Lost Art of Being a Man is an American humor novel about Family Guy. The plot follows Brian Griffin giving his views on relationships. The book was first published and made available on 19 October 2006. The plot sees Brian breaking down and telling his thoughts about what is wrong with men today; as it is his belief that they have gone all soft and are now not taking notice to fashion and other mistakes which make him angry.
 Ordeal by Innocence is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 3 November 1958 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company the following year. The UK edition retailed at twelve shillings and sixpence (12/6) and the US edition at $2.95.
 The Journal of Animal Ecology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research in all areas of animal ecology. It began publication in 1932 and as such is the second oldest journal of the British Ecological Society (after the Journal of Ecology). The Journal of Animal Ecology is available both in print and online.
 Titan is the fantasy world which serves as the setting for the majority of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy and Sorcery! gamebooks and novels. The title contains backstory on...the villains and NPC's found throughout the Fighting Fantasy series.
 Free Software Free Society: Selected Essays of Richard M. Stallman is a book that collects the writing of Richard M. Stallman. The first edition was published in 2002 by GNU Press under the GNU Free Documentation License. The second one published in 2010 contains both updated versions of the original essays and many new essays.
 Tsukuroi Tatsu Hito (繕い裁つ人) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Aoi Ikebe. It will be adapted into a live action film.
 White Jazz is a 1992 crime fiction novel by James Ellroy. It is the fourth in his L.A. Quartet preceded by The Black Dahlia The Big Nowhere and L.A. Confidential. James Ellroy dedicated White Jazz TO Helen Knode. The epigraph for White Jazz is 'In the end I possess my birthplace and I am possessed by its language.' -Ross MacDonald.Lieutenant David Klein is a veteran policeman who moonlights as a hitman for organized crime.
 Small Business Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering research into entrepreneurship from different disciplines including economics finance management psychology and sociology. The editors-in-chief are Z.J. Acs (George Mason University) and D.B. Audretsch (Indiana University Bloomington).
 Getaway is the title of a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom in September 1932 by Hodder and Stoughton. This was the fifth full-length novel featuring the adventures of the modern day Robin Hood-inspired crimebuster Simon Templar and the ninth Saint book published overall since 1928.
 1 Litre no Namida (1リットルの涙 Ichi Rittoru no Namida lit. 1 Litre of Tears; also called A Diary with Tears or A Diary of Tears) is a dramatic tragedy diary written by Aya Kitō (木藤亜也 Kitō Aya July 19 1962 - May 23 1988) published shortly before her death. The diary a true story based on her own life was originally written in first person. It is about a girl coping with her teenage life along with a degenerative disease.
 Mockingbird is a young adult novel by American author Kathryn Erskine. It won the 2010 U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literature.
 The Argyle Sweater is an American daily comic strip written by Scott Hilburn a native of Garland Texas. The strip has been syndicated by Universal Press Syndicate since April 2008.The comic bears a strong resemblance to Gary Larson's The Far Side comic and Hilburn acknowledges this. In 2008 he told the Houston Chronicle There's no doubt that I was heavily influenced by Larson.
 Dragons of Faerûn (ISBN 0-7869-3923-0) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 A Discovery of Witches is a 2011 historical-fantasy novel and the debut novel by American scholar Deborah Harkness.
 Necropolis is a fantasy novel by British writer Anthony Horowitz. It is the fourth novel in his Power of Five series. The book is set in London Peru Miami Ukraine Macau and Hong Kong. The book was released in the United Kingdom and Australia on 30 October 2008. It is a rewrite of the corresponding Day of the Dragon released 1989 in Horowitz's Pentagram series. A marked difference between original is evidenced by a lead character Will being replaced with a female counterpart Scarlett.
 Black and Blue is a 1997 crime novel by Ian Rankin. The eighth of the Inspector Rebus novels it was the first to be adapted in the Rebus television series starring John Hannah airing in 2000.It is considered a landmark entry in the Tartan Noir genre.
 Shoot the Women First is a 1991 book by Eileen MacDonald.The book a collection of interviews is based on the author's encounters with female terrorists. Her book analyzes the subjects their reasons and their modus operandi.
 The Bard Free Press (the Free Press) is a monthly college newspaper published by students of Bard College a private liberal arts college in Annandale-on-Hudson New York. The paper has a circulation of about 2000 and is the only student newspaper at Bard. The paper was founded in 2000 by former student editors of The Observer Bard's newspaper at the time.
 Cancer Nursing Practice is a monthly nursing journal which publishes peer-reviewed original research and clinical articles relevant to the practice of oncology nursing. It also publishes news news analysis and opinion columns on topics relevant to oncology nurses. Cancer Nursing Practice is published by the RCN Publishing Company a wholly owned subsidiary of the Royal College of Nursing in the UK. In 2012 it had an ABC audited circulation of 5838 copies a month.
 Business.hr is a Croatian daily business newspaper and website based in Zagreb.
 The Fairfax Times (also known as the Fairfax County Times) is a weekly newspaper published in Reston Virginia which covers Fairfax County Virginia.The newspaper's origins can be traced back to the establishment of the Times Community Newspapers by Arthur W. Nick Arundel. In 1963 Arundel (the son of Pepsi-Cola bottling magnate Russell Arundel) purchased the 165-year-old Loudoun Times-Mirror (based in Loudoun County Virginia).
 A Stir of Echoes is a 1958 novel by Richard Matheson that served as the inspiration for the 1999 film Stir of Echoes.
 The Pact was a superhero team released in two limited series by Image Comics.
 Ringworld's Children is a 2004 science fiction novel by Larry Niven the fourth in the Ringworld series set in the Known Space universe. It describes the continuing adventures of Louis Wu and companions on Ringworld.
 Moonlight Mile is a crime novel written by Dennis Lehane published on November 2 2010. It is the sixth novel in the author's Kenzie-Gennaro series focusing on private investigators Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro. The book is a sequel to Lehane's 1998 bestselling novel Gone Baby Gone.
 The Elephant of Surprise is a young adult novel by Brent Hartinger the fourth volume in The Russel Middlebrook Series which was published in March 2013. The book continues the saga of Russel Middlebrook his friends Min and Gunnar and his former boyfriend Kevin Land. The book also introduces new characters who are followers of the movement known as Freeganism.
 Nyan Koi! (にゃんこい! lit. Meow Love!) is a manga created by Sato Fujiwara. It started serialization on Flex Comix's free web comic FlexComix Blood on August 10 2007. An anime adaptation premiered on October 1 2009 in Japan. The series has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks and released in North America with English subtitles on December 14 2010 and dubbed in English on December 31 2013.
 Fed Up! Our Fight to Save America from Washington is a 2010 political non-fiction book authored by Governor of Texas Rick Perry with acknowledged contributions from Perry's senior advisor Chip Roy and published by Little Brown and Company. It was released shortly after Perry's re-election to a third term as governor. The book analyzes states' rights and the growing role of the federal government demonstrating Perry's support for federalism.
 This article is about the novel. For the energy ray see Troy Hurtubise.Angel Light is a novel by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley. It is the second of a short series - currently of three.
 The Sending is the sixth novel in the Obernewtyn Chronicles by Australian author Isobelle Carmody and is the penultimate book in the series. It was originally intended to be the final book but this was changed to allow Carmody to elaborate plot strands without it becoming too long. The book follows the journey of Elspeth as she is finally called to set out on her fated quest to destroy the computermachines before they unleash a second apocalypse.
 This article is about the book by Ken Wilber. See Theory of everything (disambiguation) for other uses.A Theory of Everything: An Integral Vision for Business Politics Science and Spirituality is a book by Ken Wilber detailing his approach to building a conceptual model of the World that encompasses both its physical and spiritual dimensions.
 The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government (1881) is a book written by Jefferson Davis former President of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War. Davis wrote the book as a straightforward history of the Confederate States of America and as an apologia for the causes that he believed led to and justified the American Civil War.
 The Book of Boril or Boril Synodic (Bulgarian: Борилов синодик) is a medieval Bulgarian book from the beginning of the 13th century.It is an important source for the history of the Bulgarian Empire.The book was written in conjunction with the council of tsar Boril against the Bogomils in 1211.
 When you ride ALONE you ride with bin Laden: What the Government SHOULD Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism (ISBN 1-59777-513-4) is a 2002 non-fiction political book by comedian and author Bill Maher.
 Games and Culture is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of interactive media covering areas such as socio-cultural political and economic dimensions of gaming. The journal's editor-in-chief is Douglas Thomas (University of Southern California). It was established in 2006 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Princess Knight released in Japan as Ribon no Kishi (リボンの騎士) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Osamu Tezuka. It ran through four serializations from 1953 to 1968 and was adapted into a Japanese animated series. It was dubbed into English and brought over to Western audiences by Joe Oriolo in 1970 where it was called Choppy and the Princess. However due to several disputes by the syndicators over broadcast rights it was rarely seen in the United States.
 IEEE Transactions on Multimedia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Computer Society IEEE Communications Society IEEE Circuits and Systems Society and IEEE Signal Processing Society that covers multimedia technology and applications. This includes circuits algorithms and architectures software design synchronization joint processing of multimedia/multimodal signals/data compression storage retrieval networking and multi-modality devices or systems.
 Working Classics: Poems on Industrial Life is a landmark literary anthology of American working-class poetry written during the second half of the 20th century.The book identifies within post-World War II American literature an emerging trend: a new poetry about mills and mines and blue-collar neighborhoods. Much of this verse was inspired by the postwar industrial prosperity of the 1950s and 1960s followed by rapid deindustrialization in the United States in the 1970s and 1980s.
 Rakyat Merdeka (Free People) is an Indonesian daily tabloid newspaper owned by the country’s largest media group Jawa Pos. The newspaper has gained prominence as a result of its controversial headlines and its gritty often abrasive style with articles and caricatures that frequently strongly criticize the political establishment.
 Los autonautas de la cosmopista (The Autonauts of the Cosmoroute) is a book written by Julio Cortázar in collaboration with Carol Dunlop who died shortly before it was published. It narrates the couple's extended expedition along the autoroute from Paris to Marseille during the months of May and June 1982.
 The Masqueraders is a 1928 novel written by Georgette Heyer. It is set in Britain at a time shortly after the 1745 Jacobite Rising and is concerned with a family of escaped Jacobites.
 Umbrella is the ninth novel by Will Self published in 2012.It was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 2012 Will Self's first nomination.
 The Stool Pigeon was an independent bi-monthly free UK music newspaper printed in the format of a Victorian tabloid. It was founded in 2005 by designer Mickey Gibbons and editor Phil Hebblethwaite and had a circulation of more than 50000.
 Space Lawyer is a science fiction novel by Nat Schachner. It was released in 1953 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies. The novel is a fix-up from two short stories Old Fireball and Jurisdiction both of which had originally appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 The Doll and One Other is a collection of two fantasy and horror novelettes by author Algernon Blackwood. It was released in 1946 and was the first publication of either novelette. It was published by Arkham House in an edition of 3490 copies.The first novelette The Doll was adapted for an episode of the television show Night Gallery.James Agate Jr adapted the story for CBS Radio Mystery Theatre (ep.
 Three Dollars is a 1998 novel by Australian writer Elliot Perlman. It is his first published novel. A movie of the same name based on the novel was released in 2005.
 Giant Robot was a bi-monthly magazine of Asian and Asian American popular culture founded in 1994. It was initially created as a small punk-minded magazine that featured Asian pop culture and Asian American alternative culture including such varied subject matter as history art music film books toys technology food and skateboarding. The publication grew from its original format—a small photocopied zine folded and stapled by hand—to its current full-color format.
 Sebastian Darke - Prince of Fools is a fantasy novel by Philip Caveney. It is the first book in the Sebastian Darke trilogy. The book was released on 4 January 2007.
 Confusion is a 1927 novella by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig. Its original German title is Verwirrung der Gefühle; it is also known under the literal translation Confusion of Feelings and as Episode in the Early Life of Privy Councillor D. It tells the story of a student and his friendship with a professor. It was originally published in the omnibus volume Conflicts: Three Tales together with two other Zweig novellas Twenty-Four Hours in the Life of a Woman and Untergang eines Herzens.
 Phytotaxa is a peer-reviewed scientific journal for rapid publication on any aspect of systematic botany. It publishes on a wide range of subjects but focuses on new species monographs floras revisions reviews and typification issues.
 Syrup is a satirical comedy of marketing and consumerism written by Max Barry under the name Maxx Barry. Published in 1999 it is Barry's debut novel. The book has been adapted into a movie in 2013.
 The Fate of the Children will be the final trilogy in Ian Irvine's The Three Worlds Cycle series of novels.The trilogy follows the events of The View from the Mirror chronicling the story of the children of both Karan and Maigraith.
 Trainspotting is the first novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh first released in 1993. It takes the form of a collection of short stories written in either Scots Scottish English or British English revolving around various residents of Leith Edinburgh who either use heroin are friends of the core group of heroin users or engage in destructive activities that are implicitly portrayed as addictions that serve the same function as heroin addiction.
 Infant Potty Training is both the name of a means of toilet training and the title of a book by author Laurie Boucke. The complete book title is Infant Potty Training: A Gentle and Primeval Method Adapted to Modern Living. It is an expansion of ideas that were originally presented in a small self-published volume called Trickle Treat in 1991. Infant Potty Training was first published in 2000 is now in its third edition (2008) and has editions in German Dutch Italian and Japanese.
 SF Weekly is a free alternative weekly newspaper in San Francisco California. The newspaper distributed throughout the San Francisco Bay Area every Wednesday is published by the San Francisco Newspaper Company. Founded locally in the mid-1980s and bought by Village Voice Media (then New Times Media) in 1995 SF Weekly has garnered notable national journalism awards.
 Nhị độ mai (貳度梅 The Plum Tree Blossoms Twice) is a Nôm poem of Vietnam.
 Where the Stress Falls published in 2001 is the last collection of essays published by Susan Sontag before her death in 2004. The essays vary between her experiences in the theater (Waiting for Godot in Sarajevo) to book reviews.
 The Little Red Cap is a poem by Carol Ann Duffy published by Picador as a part of her 1999 collection of poetry titled The World's Wife. The book consists of poems that are based on old stories and tales in which she reshapes in terms of modern day culture. Duffy is known for her trait to take previous stories tales etc. and change them into her own What you can do as a poet is take on a story and make it new she once said to Barry Wood in an interview.
 Journal of Zoological Systematics and Evolutionary Research (Zeitschrift für Zoologische Systematik und Evolutionsforschung) is a quarterly peer reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. It was originally established in 1963 then reestablished in 1994 by John Wiley & Sons (some division of Blackwell). The Editor in Chief is Dr. Wilfried Westheide (Universität Osnabrück Germany). According to Journal Citation Reports the 2009 impact factor for this journal is 1.85.
 The Journal of Nutritional Biochemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering biochemical and molecular biological aspects of nutrition science. The journal was established in 1970 as Nutrition Reports International and obtained its current title in 1990 with volume numbering re-starting at 1. It is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Bernhard Hennig (University of Kentucky).
 The Sunday News is a New Zealand tabloid newspaper published each weekend by the Fairfax group in Auckland. In addition to a self-described 'punchy' take on the news it features coverage of weekend sport entertainment star gossip fashion and TV listings.The Sunday News is made in Auckland.
 At First Sight is a romance novel by Nicholas Sparks written in 2005. Set in North Carolina USA at First Sight is the sequel to Sparks’ previous book True Believer written in the same year. At First Sight came to be as a result of a 45 page epilogue in True Believer. Sparks’ editor thought this was too long for an epilogue and damaged the effect of True Believer. It was then that Sparks got the idea to write At First Sight as its predecessor.
 Lagoon Engine Einsatz (ラグーンエンジン アインザッツ Ragūn Enjin Ainzattsu romanized as Lagūnenjin Einsatz in Japan) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yukiru Sugisaki that has appeared in Newtype USA since October 2004. In July 2005 an announcement was made that ADV Manga would be distributing the series as graphic novels starting November that year one volume has been released so far.
 The Journal of Asian American Studies is a triannual academic journal established in 1998 and is the official publication of the Association for Asian American Studies. The journal publishes scholarly articles exploring theoretical developments research interests policy and pedagogical issues. It also includes reviews of books and other media that relate to the Asian American experience.
 The Princess Diaries Volume V: Princess in Pink released in the United Kingdom as The Princess Diaries: Give Me Five is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2004 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the fifth book in the series.
 Wild With All Regrets is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.
 This Passionate Land is a 1979 romantic novel written by Hal Bennett under the pen name of Harriet Janeway.
 Racing the Beam: The Atari Video Computer System is a book by Ian Bogost and Nick Montfort describing the history and technical challenges of programming for the Atari 2600 video game console.
 Only A Theory: Evolution and the Battle for America's Soul is a 2008 book by the American cell biologist and Roman Catholic Kenneth R. Miller. In the book Miller examines the battle between evolution and intelligent design (ID) and explores the implications of science in America. The title of the book comes from a misconception of what theory means in the context of science and evolution.Glenn C. Altschuler reviewed the book saying Though I.D.
 Strands of Starlight is a novel written by Gael Baudino and published in 1989. It is the first in the Strands of Starlight tetralogy. The other novels are Maze of Moonlight Shroud of Shadow and Strands of Sunlight.
 Urhobo Vanguard is a Nigerian newspaper. It is the flagship newspaper of Urhobo Vanguard Publishing Ltd and was first published on 21 January 2012. It has its headquarters in Warri Delta and Abuja.As of 2013 it has a circulation of 5000 copies a wide reach in Delta State for the print version and a world wide reach for the online version. It has a printing plant in Warri.
 Jazz Forum is a European jazz magazine based in Warsaw. It was established as a quarterly in 1964 by jazz bassist Jan A. Byrczek who served as its editor-in-chief. It was the first jazz magazine published behind the Iron Curtain and allowed Polish culture under a communist regime to reach out to the West. Jazz was as Willis Conover liked to say the music of freedom; and to those who had no freedom it became a metaphor of hope.
 The Princess Diaries Volume VII: Party Princess released in the United Kingdom as The Princess Diaries: Seventh Heaven is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2006 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the seventh novel in the series.
 Management in Education is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers issues concerning management in the field of education. The journal's editor-in-chief is Linda Hammersley-Fletcher (Manchester Metropolitan University). It was established in 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the British Educational Leadership Management & Administration Society.
 Politics is a 2003 novel by Adam Thirlwell about a father-daughter relationship and about a ménage à trois which includes said daughter and two of her friends. We are informed by the narrator that the novel is about goodness.
 The Cricket was a 19th-century American magazine. This general-interest magazine was similar in format and topics to those covered by Harper's Weekly.Publication dates are uncertain but it existed at least in the 1890s.The magazine's motto was To Have a Cricket in the Hearth Is the Luckiest Thing in All the World.
 Allah jang Palsoe ([aˈlah ˈjaŋ palˈsu]; Perfected Spelling: Allah yang Palsu; Indonesian for The False God) is a 1919 stage drama in six acts by ethnic-Chinese writer Kwee Tek Hoay. The Malay-language play follows two brothers one a devout son who holds firmly to his morals and personal honour the other who worships money and prioritises personal gain. Over more than a decade the two ultimately learn that money (the titular false god) is not the path to happiness.
 Smooth is a bimonthly magazine published by Sandra Vasceannie geared toward young urban men that includes a mix of news entertainment urban fashion music movies books sports reporting as well as feature articles on the hottest stars in black entertainment. Smooth covers feature photos of women from around the world.
 A Sick Day for Amos McGee is a children's picture book written by Philip C. Stead and illustrated by Erin E. Stead. The book was published in 2010 by Roaring Brook Press and depicts a loving relationship between a man and his friends who happen to be animals. It shares a simple message that portraying kindness and thoughtfulness to others and all speciesis very important in our society. Erin Stead won the 2011 Caldecott Medal for her illustrations in the book.
 For the film based on the novel see Austenland (film)Austenland is a novel by Shannon Hale published on May 9 2007 by Bloomsbury. A film based on the novel was released in 2013.
 Virtual World is the sixth young adult novel by the English writer Chris Westwood. It was published in the UK (1996) and in the US (1997) by Viking Penguin. It was long-listed for the Carnegie Medal in 1997.
 Garfield: His 9 Lives is a 1984 book (ISBN 0-345-32074-3) of illustrated short stories showing the nine lives of comic strip character Garfield. It was adapted into an animated television special in 1988 as well as a screensaver for download on the Garfield website.The book is divided into ten segments; the first one displays the creation of cats in general where the latter nine reveal events in Garfield's nine lives.
 Compare: A Journal of Comparative and International Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on education and pedagogy. The journal was established in 1975 and is published by Taylor & Francis. The editor-in-chief is Paul Morris. It is the official journal of the British Association for International and Comparative Education.
 The Eagle in the Sand is a novel written by Simon Scarrow published by Headline Book Publishing in 2006. Its the seventh book in the Eagle series starting with Macro and Cato's transfer to the eastern provinces of Rome.
 The Erie Times-News is a daily morning newspaper in Erie Pennsylvania. It has a daily circulation of about 47385 and a Sunday circulation of about 69659. The newspaper focuses primarily on Erie County but also has readers in Crawford County to the south and New York and Ohio the states that border Erie County on the east and west respectively.The Erie Times-News is published by the city's Times Publishing Company not to be confused with St.
 The Open Hematology Journal is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal covering ecology. It publishes reviews and letters in all areas of clinical laboratory and experimental hematology including stem cells and blood disorders.
 Ports of Call is a science fiction adventure novel by Jack Vance the first of a duology along with its sequel Lurulu. It follows a young man named Myron Tany on a picaresque journey through the Gaean Reach.
 The Republic of Darokin is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. It was written by Scott Haring and William W. Connors and published by TSR in 1989.
 One for the Road is a short story by Stephen King first published in the March/April 1977 issue of Maine and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.
 Lolita is a novel by Vladimir Nabokov written in English and published in 1955 in Paris and 1958 in New York. It was later translated by its Russian-native author into Russian. The novel is notable for its controversial subject: the protagonist and unreliable narrator a 37-38 year old literature professor Humbert Humbert is obsessed with the 12-year-old Dolores Haze with whom he becomes sexually involved after he becomes her stepfather.
 The Bible with Sources Revealed (2003) is a book by American biblical scholar Richard Elliott Friedman dealing with the process by which the five books of the Torah or Pentateuch (the Five Books of Moses) came to be written. Friedman follows the four-source Documentary Hypothesis model but differs significantly from Julius Wellhausen's model in several respects. Most notably Friedman agrees with Wellhausen on the date of the Deuteronomist (the court of Josiah c.
 The Reluctant Queen is a novel by historical novelist Jean Plaidy which tells the tale of Anne Neville the wife of King Richard III of England. It weaves the tale of Anne's life told in first person. The book was published in the US as The Reluctant Queen: The Story of Anne of York
 Empire is the fourth historical novel in the Narratives of Empire series by Gore Vidal published in 1987.The novel concerns the fictional newspaper dynasty of half-sibling characters Caroline and Blaise Sanford. Playing these characters against real-life figures of the years 1898 to 1907 the novel portrays the conjunction of government and mass media in the creation of modern-day America.
 La Solidaridad (The Solidarity) was an organization created in Spain on December 13 1888.
 Wonder Island (ワンダー・アイランド) is a series of two one-shot manga written by Akira Toriyama. It is notable for being Toriyama's first published manga. The first chapter appeared in Weekly Shōnen Jump 1978 #52 in November 1978 and the second chapter was published in a special issue of Weekly Shōnen Jump on January 25 1979. Wonder Island is also featured in Akira Toriyama's Manga Theater Vol. 1 released in 1983. The setting of this manga Wonder Island appears later on in Dr.
 Catch Me if You Can is the autobiography of Frank Abagnale a former con artist who as a young man cashed $2.5 million worth of bad checks while impersonating a Pan Am pilot a doctor a teacher and an attorney. The book is co-written by Stan Redding and was adapted into a 2002 film of the same name by director Steven Spielberg starring Leonardo DiCaprio as Abagnale and Tom Hanks as the FBI agent who pursued him.
 The Return is a novel by William Shatner that was co-written with Garfield Reeves-Stevens and Judith Reeves-Stevens. It is set in the Star Trek universe but as part of the Shatnerverse does not follow the timeline established by other Star Trek novels. The sequel to this book is Avenger.
 The Dartmouth Jack-O-Lantern (also known as the Jacko) is a college humor magazine founded at Dartmouth College in 1908.The Jacko publishes print issues approximately four times a year as well as regularly updated online content and occasional video productions. The magazine devotes one publication cycle each year to a parody of the campus newspaper The Dartmouth.One of the magazine's oldest traditions is Stockman's Dogs. In the October 1934 issue F.C.
 The Dragon series is a tetralogy of fantasy novels by Chinese American author Laurence Yep. Yep had already written several books including the Newbery Honor novel Dragonwings by 1980 when after undertaking careful research he decided to adapt Chinese mythology into a fantasy form something he had always wanted to do since he had sold his first science fiction story at 18. He tried to stay true to the spirit of these myths but did not try to keep their exact details.
 Web Techniques (ISSN 1086-556X) was a monthly magazine published in the United States by CMP Technology. It covered topics aimed at web developers. It ran from February 1996 until its last issue in February 2002 after which it changed formats and titles becoming New Architect.
 The Journal of the American Oriental Society is a quarterly academic journal published by the American Oriental Society since 1843.
 The Journal of Controlled Release is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the Controlled Release Society. The journal covers research on the controlled release and delivery of drugs and other biologically active agents. Announcements and reports of future meetings pertaining to the activities of the Controlled Release Society are also included.
 The Days of My Life is an autobiography of H. Rider Haggard.He wrote it in 1910-12 but did not publish it until his death - he made express allowance for this in his will.
 This article is about a 1938 book.
 The Bone Flute is a science fiction short story by American writer Lisa Tuttle first published in the May 1981 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction. The story is notable for winning the 1982 Nebula Award for Best Short Story a prize that Tuttle refused becoming the first (and so far only) author to do so.
 The Via Veneto Papers is a memoir collection by Ennio Flaiano originally published in Italian in 1973 with a new expanded edition by Rizzoli in 1989 and translated into English by John Satriano in 1992.
 The Duke Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: Duke L.J.) is a student-run law review published at Duke University School of Law. The journal publishes general-interest articles and student notes in eight issues each year.
 Muv-Luv (マブラヴ Mabu Ravu) is a Japanese visual novel developed by âge and originally released as an adult game for the PC on February 28 2003. Subsequent versions with the adult content removed were sold for the PC Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
 The Vukani is a local weekly newspaper distributed to the township areas of Cape Town Western Cape South Africa. It is written in Xhosa and English. Vukani means Wake up in both the isiZulu and isiXhosa languages. The newspaper covers items of interest to large communities in Khayelitsha Langa Nyanga and Gugulethu.
 The Golden Dog (Le Chien d'Or) was a novel by William Kirby (1817-1906) that was written between April 1869 and 1872 with further revisions being up through 1876. After being rejected by several publishers the work was finally arranged to be published in 1877 by Lovell Adam Wesson and Company. However because the publisher neglected to register the novel the author lost any royalties to this work.
 The Florida Times-Union is a major daily newspaper in Jacksonville Florida USA. Widely known as the oldest newspaper in the state it began publication as the Florida Union in 1864. Its current incarnation started in 1883 when the Florida Union merged with another Jacksonville paper the Florida Daily Times and the Florida Union.
 Anthropology of the Middle East is a peer-reviewed academic journal published twice a year by Berghahn Books. It focuses on Middle Eastern culture and its contribution to the world. It is edited by Soheila Shahshahani (Shahid Beheshti University).
 The Book of Matt is a book by Stephen Jimenez. Published by Steerforth in 2013 the book is an investigation into the murder of Matthew Shepard. It concludes that the crime was not exclusively a hate crime based on Shepherd's sexual orientation and that he was a methamphetamine dealer who knew his killers and it was a drug transaction gone awry.
 Quid is a French encyclopedia established in 1963 by Dominique Frémy. It was published annually between 1963 and 2007 first by Plon (1963-1974) and later by Éditions Robert Laffont (1975-2007) and was the most popular encyclopedic reference work in France.The presentation is very compressed and abbreviations are used extensively in telegraph style. It uses very thin paper to get all the information into one volume.
 The Star Observer is a free weekly tabloid and online newspaper that caters to the lesbian gay bisexual and transgender and intersex communities in the eastern States of Australia. The paper is owned and published by Gay & Lesbian Community Publishing Limited a community-owned and oriented business.
 Pirates of Venus is the first book in the Venus series (Sometimes called the Carson Napier of Venus series) by Edgar Rice Burroughs the last major series in Burroughs's career (The other major series were the Tarzan Barsoom and Pellucidar series). It was first serialized in six parts in Argosy in 1932 and published in book form two years later by Edgar Rice Burroughs Inc. The events occur on a fictionalized version of the planet Venus known as Amtor to its inhabitants.
 DNA² (D・N・A² ～何処かで失くしたあいつのアイツ～ Dī En Ei Tsū: Dokoka de Nakushita Aitsu no Aitsu) is a science fiction manga series written and illustrated by Masakazu Katsura. It was serialized across Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine between 1993 and 1994 spanning a total of five tankōbon volumes.DNA² was adapted into a 12-episode anime television series which ran on Nippon Television from October 7 1994 to December 23 1994.
 Dragon's Time is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey and her son Todd McCaffrey in the Dragonriders of Pern series that she initiated in 1967. Published by Del Rey Books and released June 2011 Dragon's Time is their fourth collaboration in the series and is the sequel to Dragongirl by Todd McCaffrey.The McCaffreys wrote one more sequel together Sky Dragons (published July 2012).
 Sport Bild is a German sports weekly published every Wednesday. According to its publisher it is Europe's biggest sports magazine with a circulation of almost half million copies.
 The New Indian Express is an Indian English-language broadsheet daily newspaper published by the Express Publications and based in Chennai. It was founded in 1932 as the Indian Express under the ownership of Chennai-based P. Varadarajulu Naidu. In 1991 following the death of the then owner Ramnath Goenka the Goenka family split the group into two separate companies. Initially the two groups shared the Indian Express title and editorial and other resources.
 International Journal of Cultural Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering interdisciplinary research on the meaning function and impact of cultural policies. The journal is published by Routledge and the editor-in-chief is Oliver Bennett. The International Conference on Cultural Policy Research a biannual research conference is organised in association with the International Journal of Cultural Policy.
 Rock 'n' Roll is a play by British playwright Tom Stoppard that premiered at the Royal Court Theatre London in 2006.
 The Computer Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering computer science and information systems. It is published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Computer Society. It was established in 1958. Several breakthroughs in computer science were first reported in the journal[citation needed] including the Quicksort algorithm proposed by C. A. R. Hoare.
 Amina is a monthly French-language woman's magazine aimed black women in Africa Europe the Antilles and North America. It was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Paris.
 The Book of Sand (original Spanish title: El libro de arena) is a 1975 short story by Jorge Luis Borges. It has parallels to The Zahir continuing the theme of self-reference and attempting to abandon the terribly infinite.The story appears in a book of the same name the Spanish language version of which was first published in 1975.
 The Maker of Universes (1965) is a fantasy novel by American science fiction author Philip José Farmer. It is the first in his World of Tiers series.
 Final Curtain is a 1947 novel by Ngaio Marsh which was adapted for television in 1993 as part of the Inspector Alleyn Mysteries.
 The Mangler is a short story by Stephen King first published in the December 1972 issue of Cavalier magazine and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.
 Forsaken House is a play written by Wilfrido Maria Guerrero published in his 13 Plays (1947).
 Hell Island is a horror/adventure novella written in conjunction with the Australian Books Alive promotion by thriller writer Matthew Reilly. While it is the fourth book released in the Shane Schofield series it is stand alone novella in the Shane Schofield universe supplementing the storylines in the novels Ice Station Area 7 Scarecrow and Scarecrow and the Army of Thieves.
 West Virginia Explorer is an informational guide to the U.S. state of West Virginia that has been published online since 2000. Long classified as a travel guide it has since evolved into a compendium of resources for West Virginia information.
 Neurology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Academy of Neurology.
 The Congress (original Spanish title: El Congreso) is a 1975 short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. The story is on an utopic universal congress and is seen by critics as a political essay.
 The Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History (Bull. Am. Mus. Nat. Hist.) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the fields of zoology paleontology and geology. It is part of a group of journals published by the American Museum of Natural History in which context it is commonly referred to as the Bulletin to distinguish it from other series of journals published by the museum.The Bulletin was founded in 1881 originally for publishing short papers.
 Yerkramas (Russian: Еркрамас; Armenian: Երկրամաս) is an Armenian newspaper published in Krasnodar Russia.
 Popstar! Magazine is a worldwide released teen magazine featuring news stories on celebrities.
 Daddy is a 1989 novel by Danielle Steel. It tells the story of Oliver Watson an advertising executive and his three children. Oliver believes that he and his wife Sarah have the perfect marriage and are raising their three children Benjamin Melissa and Sam in their house in Purchase New York.Secretly though Sarah has always longed for more than to be just a mother. She and Oliver married young and she became pregnant on their honeymoon.
 The Scandinavian Journal of Work Environment & Health is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal. It covers research on occupational and environmental health and safety. It is published by the Nordic Association of Occupational Safety and Health. Occasionally the journal publishes supplementary issues. It was established in 1975 and the editor-in-chief is Mikko Härmä.
 The Declaration of Independents: How Libertarian Politics Can Fix What's Wrong with America is a non-fiction book by American political writers Matt Welch and Nick Gillespie. Welch is the current editor-in-chief of Reason Magazine a position Gillespie also held from 2000 to 2008. The authors discuss the nature and influence of libertarianism. It was published on June 28 2011 by PublicAffairs an imprint of the Perseus Books Group.The title is a homophonic pun; referring to both the U.S.
 The Journal of Geophysical Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Geophysical Union 80 times per year. It contains original research on the physical chemical and biological processes that contribute to the understanding of the Earth Sun and solar system. It has seven sections: A (Space Physics) B (Solid Earth) C (Oceans) D (Atmospheres) E (Planets) F (Earth Surface) and G (Biogeosciences).
 Airports of the World is a bi-monthly magazine which looks at the people and companies that make up many of the world's airports. It is published in the United Kingdom by Key Publishing and available worldwide. It is also available on iOS in Newsstand.
 The Daily Courier is a local newspaper in Kelowna British Columbia.
 The Lost Boy (1997) is the second installment of a trilogy of books which depict the life of Dave Pelzer who as a young boy who was physically emotionally and psychologically abused by his obsessive mother.The book discusses Pelzer's struggling with his ability to fit in and adapt to the new environment around him as he is put into foster care.
 Witches Three is an anthology of three original fantasy stories edited by the uncredited Fletcher Pratt and published in hardcover by Twayne in 1952. No further editions of the anthology were issued but each of the stories was later republished.Witches Three was the second and last in the publisher's Twayne Triplets a series of science fiction and fantasy anthologies of which each was to be written by a trio of writers on a common theme.
 The Brampton Guardian is a locally distributed cost-free tri-weekly community newspaper in Brampton Ontario Canada.
 Liwayway (Tagalog word meaning dawn) is a leading Tagalog weekly magazine published in the Philippines since 1922. It contains Tagalog serialized novels short stories poetry serialized comics essays news features entertainment news and articles and many others. In fact it is the oldest Tagalog magazine in the Philippines. Its sister publications are Bannawag Bisaya Magasin and Hiligaynon.
 The Heritage of Hastur is a science-fiction novel written by Marion Zimmer Bradley as part of the Darkover series. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1975. It is notable for its exploration of sexual themes particularly the view that homosexuality is a normal variant of human sexuality.The Heritage of Hastur is set in what Bradley called Darkover's Second Age Against the Terrans (after the Comyn).
 The Comedians is a novel by Graham Greene first published in 1966. Set in Haiti under the rule of François Papa Doc Duvalier and his secret police the Tonton Macoute The Comedians tells the story of a tired hotel owner Brown and his increasing fatalism as he watches Haiti descend into barbarism. The story begins as three men: Brown Smith the innocent American and Major H. O. Jones the confidence man meet on a ship bound for Haiti.
 Scouting magazine is a five-times-a-year publication of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). The target audience is adult leaders of Cub Scouts Boy Scouts and Venturers. It carries news on Scouting events articles on aspects of Scouting such as service outdoor skills and activities and features about Scouting activities. It has been in publication since April 15 1913.
 Leukemia & Lymphoma is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Informa Healthcare. It covers basic and clinical aspects of hematologic malignancies (leukemias and lymphomas). The editors-in-chief are Aaron Polliack (Hadassah University Hospital) Koen Van Besien (Weill Cornell Medical Center) and John Saymour (Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre).
 Afro Tanaka (Japanese: アフロ田中 Hepburn: Afuro Tanaka) is a Japanese gag manga series written and illustrated by Masaharu Noritsuke. It follows a 24-years-old Afro-haired young man named Hiroshi Tanaka who falls in love for the first time. Afro Tanaka spawned four manga series and it was adapted into a live action film in 2012.
 Rocket Ship Galileo is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein published in 1947 about three teenagers who participate in a pioneering flight to the Moon. It was the first in the Heinlein juveniles a long and successful series of science fiction novels published by Scribner's. The novel was originally envisioned as the first of a series of books called Young Rocket Engineers. It was initially rejected by publishers because going to the moon was too far out.
 Bluestar's Prophecy is a children's fantasy novel in the Warriors series by Erin Hunter. This is the second Warriors Super Edition the first being Firestar's Quest. The book follows Bluefur as she matures from childhood and eventually becomes the leader of ThunderClan also revealing a prophecy she receives from Goosefeather: You are fire Bluepaw and you will blaze through the forest.
 Near Death is an ongoing comic book series created by Jay Faerber with artist Simone Guglielmini. Image Comics began publishing it in September 2011. The series went on hiatus following the eleventh issue in September 2012.The story follows a former hitman who attempts to atone for his misdeeds after a near death experience shows him a vision of Hell.
 Rieku ja Raiku is a Finnish comic strip.The strip originally started as a parody of an earlier comic called Kieku ja Kaiku and takes obvious inspiration from it. Kieku ja Kaiku was an educational children's comic strip about two anthropomorphic young roosters. One of them called Kaiku would usually do something foolish and the other called Kieku would then look after him giving an educational message to the young readers.
 Foxmask is a fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier. It is the second book of the Saga of the Light Isles.
 The Bloodless Revolution: A Cultural History of Vegetarianism From 1600 to Modern Times is a history of the vegetarian movement in Western/Eastern society system by Tristram Stuart.From the book's Introduction:... In the era preceding the Industrial Revolution the question of meat-eating was one of the fiercest battle-fronts in the struggle to define humanity's proper relationship with nature.
 The Fox is the continuation of the story of the fictional protagonist Inda.
 The Manhattan Hunt Club is a thriller horror novel by John Saul published by Ballantine Books on July 31 2001. The novel follows the story of Jeff Converse who is falsely convicted of a brutal crime and finds himself trapped in a secret society called the Manhattan Hunt Club.
 The Bridgwater Times was a free weekly newspaper for Bridgwater Somerset England. It ws owned by Northcliffe Media part of the Daily Mail and General Trust newsgroup. It closed in 2011.
 Energy and American Society: Thirteen Myths is a 2007 book about energy security and climate change edited by Benjamin K. Sovacool and Marilyn A. Brown. The book is suitable for both technical and non-technical audiences since it is written in plain English and is easily digested by anyone with a rudimentary background or interest in energy economics.
 Exile to Hell is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It appeared in the May 1968 issue of Analog and was included in the 1975 collection Buy Jupiter and Other Stories. The serialization of his novelization of Fantastic Voyage in The Saturday Evening Post in 1966 filled Asimov with the ambition to publish an original story there before the magazine ceased publication. He therefore wrote Exile to Hell in June 1967.
 Homage to Catalonia is George Orwell's personal account of his experiences and observations in the Spanish Civil War. The first edition was published in 1938. The book was not published in the United States until February 1952; this edition had an influential preface by Lionel Trilling.
 Educational and Psychological Measurement is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Education and Psychology. The journal's editor is George A. Marcoulides (University of California). It has been in publication since 1941 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Skates!' is a 1973 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.Skates! is Keats’s second nearly wordless picture book after Psst! Doggie- that features animals rather than people as characters. Young readers are encouraged to participate in the action in their own way by the humorous story and engaging illustrations.
 Legend published in 1984 is the first and most famous novel of British fantasy writer David Gemmell. It established him as a major fantasy novelist and created the character of Druss who would appear in several subsequent books. It was also the first novel to be published in what later became known as The Drenai saga.Gemmell first got the idea for the book in 1976. He was being tested for cancer and to take his mind off it he tried writing a book which he called Against the Hordes.
 The Book of Ruth (1988) is a novel by Jane Hamilton. It won the Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award for a best first novel in 1988 and was the Oprah's Book Club selection for November 1996.
 The Oklahoma Times was a newspaper published in Oklahoma City.
 Linguistic Typology is an international peer-reviewed journal in the field of linguistic typology founded in 1997. It is published by Mouton de Gruyter on behalf of the Association for Linguistic Typology. Its editor-in-chief is Prof. Frans Plank (University of Konstanz). The journal is accessible online with subscription via the site of the publisher and Atypon Link.
 Magician's Academy (まじしゃんず・あかでみい Majishanzu Akademii) is a Japanese light novel series by Ichirō Sakaki with illustrations by Blade. Nine volumes were published between January 24 2003 and August 30 2007; there is also a series of five illustrated short stories called Macademi Radical. A manga adaptation by Blade was serialized in Enterbrain's Magi-Cu magazine.
 London Fields is a black comic murder mystery novel by British writer Martin Amis published in 1989.
 Farthest Reach is a 2005 fantasy novel by Richard Baker set in the Dungeons & Dragons Forgotten Realms fictional universe. It is the second novel in the Last Mythal series.
 Clinical Infectious Diseases is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Oxford University Press covering research on the pathogenesis clinical investigation medical microbiology diagnosis immune mechanisms and treatment of diseases caused by infectious agents. It includes articles on antimicrobial resistance bioterrorism emerging infections food safety hospital epidemiology and HIV/AIDS.
 Romancing Mary Jane: A Year in the Life of a Failed Marijuana Grower is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Michael Poole first published in 1998 by Greystone Books. In the book the author chronicles the regrettable consequences of his decision to cultivate marijuana on a commercial level. Goodreads called the book an engaging blend of metaphysics marijuana and midlife crisis. A panel of Wilfrid Laurier University judges called Poole's writing sheer competence.
 People of the Comet is a science fiction novel by Austin Hall. It was first published in book form in 1948 by Griffin Publishing Company in an edition of 900 copies. The novel was originally serialized in two parts in the magazine Weird Tales beginning in September 1923. The author's own title for the novel was Hop O' My Thumb.
 Rider at the Gate is a science fiction novel written by United States science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh and was first published by Warner Books in August 1995. It is the first of a series of two novels written by Cherryh and is set in the author's Finisterre universe. The second book in the series Cloud's Rider was published in September 1996. The series is about the descendants of lost colonists stranded many generations ago on the hostile planet of Finisterre.
 The Journal of Comparative Germanic Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering theoretical linguistic research of the Germanic languages published by Springer Netherlands. Its editors-in-chief are Susi Wurmbrand (University of Connecticut) and Henk van Riemsdijk (Tilburg University).
 Fungal Genetics and Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1977 under the title Experimental Mycology. It was renamed to the current title in 1996. The journal publishes experimental investigations of fungi and their traditional allies that relate structure and function to growth reproduction morphogenesis and differentiation.
 Firefox is a thriller novel written by Craig Thomas and published in 1977. The Cold War plot involves an attempt by the CIA and MI6 to steal a highly advanced experimental Soviet fighter aircraft. The chief protagonist is fighter pilot turned spy Mitchell Gant. The book was subject to a 1982 film adaptation produced and directed by Clint Eastwood who also played the role of Gant in the film.
 To the Last Man: A Story of the Pleasant Valley War is a western novel written by Zane Grey.
 The Secret Life of Bill Clinton: The Unreported Stories is a critical biography about certain episodes during the administration of former United States president Bill Clinton by English author and investigative journalist Ambrose Evans-Pritchard.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Saoirse Irish Freedom is the monthly organ of Republican Sinn Féin (RSF). It replaced Republican Bulletin the first issue of which appeared in November 1986 to explain the reasons for the split in Sinn Féin.Its format was eight A4 pages continuing monthly until in May 1987. In November of that year Saoirse became an eight-page tabloid. Since then the paper has been produced as a 16-page monthly magazine.
 The Last of the Immortals (Russian: Последний из бессмертных Posledniy iz bessmertnykh) is a military science fiction novel written by the Russian science fiction writer Andrey Livadny as part of his The History of the Galaxy series. The novel is also sometimes published under the name Retaliatory Strike (Russian: Ответный удар Otvetniy udar).
 The Deep is a children's novel by English writer Helen Dunmore published in 2007 and the third of the Ingo tetralogy (following Ingo and The Tide Knot and to be followed by The Crossing of Ingo).
 The Year of Living Dangerously is a 1978 novel by Christopher Koch in which a male Australian journalist a female British diplomat and a Chinese-Australian male dwarf interact in Indonesia in the summer and autumn of 1965.
 A Short History of the World is a general history non-fiction book written by Australian historian Geoffrey Blainey. First published in 2000 by Penguin Books it describes over 4 million years of history from before the first people left Africa through to the current day.In 2007 Blainey released an abridged (492 pages) paperback version of the book titled A Very Short History of the World. He also released a double audio CD set of the same name.
 Tyrant is a comic book series published by Spiderbaby Grafix about a Tyrannosaurus rex written by Steve Bissette.
 A Riddle of Roses is a book written by Caryl Cude Mullin. It was illustrated by Kasia Charko and released by Second Story Press in 2000.
 The Reef is a 1912 novel by American writer Edith Wharton. It concerns a romance between a widow and her old lover. It was adapted into a film The Reef in 1999 starring Sela Ward Timothy Dalton and Alicia Witt.
 Tell-All is a novel by Chuck Palahniuk released on May 4 2010. It is his 11th novel. A preview video with the tagline: Boy Meets Girl. Boy Gets Girl. Boy Kills Girl? was released to entice fans prior to the novel's release. The paperback was released on May 31 2011 with the cover by Rodrigo Corral Design featuring illustration by Eric Danner.
 Lightning is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1988. A 2003 reprinting includes a new afterword by the author discussing editorial politics.
 Stone of Farewell is the second novel in Tad Williams' Memory Sorrow and Thorn trilogy. The saga follows a young man named Simon as he is caught up in an epic adventure.
 Men of Men is a novel by Wilbur Smith. It is set during the settlement of Rhodesia and the First Matabele War and climaxes with the Shangani Patrol.
 The Nightingale is a novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) set in a fictional rural Western Pennsylvania village (but much like the author's birthplace of New Alexandria Pennsylvania about thirty miles east of Pittsburgh) at the turn of the 20th century.Violet Carpenter is already considered a spinster at age twenty-five when financial necessity forces her to take in lodgers. Her avocation however is to write poetry.
 Ahiru no Sora (あひるの空) is a basketball manga written by Hinata Takeshi. It started serialization in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 2004. The first volume was released on May 17 2004 and as of July 17 2013 thirty-eight volumes have been released in Japan by Kodansha.
 Cry the Beloved Country is a novel by South African author Alan Paton. It was first published in New York City in 1948 by Charles Scribner's Sons and in London by Jonathan Cape.
 Aunt Bam's Place is a 2011 American musical play created written produced and directed by Tyler Perry. It stars Cassi Davis as Aunt Bam.
 Germinal [ʒɛʁminal] (1885) is the thirteenth novel in Émile Zola's twenty-volume series Les Rougon-Macquart.
 Showboat World (original title: The Magnificent Showboats of the Lower Vissel River Lune XXIII Big Planet) written in 1975 is the second stand-alone novel in a pair of science fiction novels by Jack Vance (the first being Big Planet) that share the same setting a backward lawless metal-poor world called Big Planet.
 War for the Oaks (1987) is a fantasy novel by Emma Bull. The book tells the story of Eddi McCandry a rock musician who finds herself unwillingly pulled into the supernatural faerie conflict between good and evil. War for the Oaks is a pioneering work in the subgenre of urban fantasy: although it involves supernatural characters the setting (Minneapolis) is decidedly real-world.
 Jennifer Scales and the Messenger of Light is a science fiction novel by MaryJanice Davidson and Anthony Alongi.
 The Cornwall Standard-Freeholder is a daily newspaper based in Cornwall Ontario. It has been in circulation for many years and continues to be the newspaper with the largest circulation inside the Montreal - Ottawa - Kingston triangle. The newspaper is owned by Quebecor through its Sun Media division.
 For a disambiguation of Rogue see: Rogue (disambiguation)Rogue is a Star Trek: The Next Generation novel written by Michael A. Martin and Andy Mangels. It is part of the Star Trek: Section 31 miniseries.
 The Mystery of the Missing Man published 1956 is the thirteenth novel in the Five Find-Outers written by Enid Blyton.
 Twin Earths is an American science fiction comic strip written by Oskar Lebeck and drawn by Alden McWilliams that ran in Sunday and daily newspapers from 1952 until the early 1960s. The daily strip began on June 16 1952 the Sunday on March 1 1953. The Sunday was drawn in a half page format but it was available in smaller formats with dropped panels.
 The U.S.A. trilogy is a major work of American writer John Dos Passos comprising the novels The 42nd Parallel (1930); 1919 (1932); and The Big Money (1936). The three books were first published together in a single volume titled U.S.A. by Harcourt Brace in January 1938. Dos Passos had added a prologue with the title U.S.A. to The Modern Library edition of The 42nd Parallel published the previous November and the same plates were used by Harcourt Brace for the trilogy.
 Deathstalker Rebellion is a science fiction novel by British author Simon R Green.The third in a series of nine novels Deathstalker Rebellion is part homage to - and part parody of - the classic space operas of the 1950s and deals with the timeless themes of honour love courage and betrayal.
 The Wizard's Map is a book by Jane Yolen published in 2002.
 Muhammad: A Prophet For Our Time is a 2006 non-fiction book by the British writer Karen Armstrong. It is part of the Eminent Lives series which are short biographies of famous people by well-known writers. It is Armstrong's second biography of Muhammad. Her first biography Muhammad: a Biography of the Prophet earned her the Muslim Public Affairs Council Media Award. Muhammad: A Prophet For Our Time is a short biography that shows how most Muslims understand Muhammad and their faith.
 The University of San Francisco Maritime Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: U.S.F. Mar. L.J.) is a biannual law review that includes an annual survey of United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit cases pertaining to admiralty and maritime law.
 Vechernyaya Moskva (Russian: Вечерняя Москва literally Evening Moscow) is a Russian local daily newspaper published in Moscow since 6 December 1923 daily (except Saturday and Sunday). This is the oldest evening newspaper in Russia one of the most popular in Moscow. Every evening it tells readers about the major world and Moscow events of the day. It offers all-around information about city life and easy language style at the same time.
 The Mantram Handbook describes methods of using a mantram — sometimes called a Holy Name — in daily living. Benefits are also described. Written by Eknath Easwaran the book was originally published in the United States in 1977. Several subsequent editions have been published sometimes under different titles in the United States the United Kingdom and India. Foreign (non-English) editions have also been published in several languages.
 A Golden Anniversary Bibliography of Edgar Rice Burroughs is a bibliography of the works of Edgar Rice Burroughs by Henry Hardy Heins. It was first published by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1000 copies. The book was revised from a mimeograph edition that Heins had produced in September 1962. The book lists books stories and articles by Burroughs. It also contains information about Burroughs and a section on magazine illustrations and publisher's announcements.
 Dinosaur Roar! is a 1994 children's book that was written and illustrated by Paul and Henrietta Stickland. The book was first published on January 1 1994 through Dutton Juvenile and has received multiple reprintings since then. Several spin-off works such as coloring books have been released and the book has sold over 5 million copies worldwide and has been translated into more than 30 languages. Rights to the book were purchased by Nurture Rights Kids Co.
 Poems from Guantanamo is a collection of 22 poems by 17 Guantanamo detainees published by Marc Falkoff a US professor of law with a doctorate in American literature.
 A Glass of Blessings is a novel by Barbara Pym first published in 1958. The title is taken from the poem The Pulley by George Herbert.
 The Soul of a Butterfly is the autobiography of Muhammad Ali born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. a former heavyweight boxer who was three times World Heavyweight Champion and has been called the greatest heavyweight from all eras.It is written in collaboration with his daughter Hana Yasmeen Ali.
 Letters from a Father to His Daughter is a collection of 30 letters written by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1928 to his daughter Indira Gandhi when she was 10 years old teaching about natural history and the story of civilisations. At the time of the writing of the letters Nehru was in Allahabad while Indira was in Mussoorie.The actual letters written by Nehru were in English.
 Asking Questions is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. It is the twentieth novel in the Inspector Ghote series and the twenty-second book due to the publication of two short story collections.
 Doubt Is Their Product: How Industry's Assault on Science Threatens Your Health is a 2008 book by David Michaels currently Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health and published by Oxford University Press. Doubt is our product a cigarette executive once observed since it is the best means of competing with the 'body of fact' that exists in the minds of the general public.
 The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club is a 1928 mystery novel by Dorothy L. Sayers her fourth featuring Lord Peter Wimsey.
 I Fatty is a novel by American writer Jerry Stahl published in 2004. The book is a fictionalized autobiography of Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle the famous silent film comedian and probes his early life in vaudeville his rise to fame in the movies and his crash into infamy following a false murder accusation (and three trials and eventual acquittal).
 Hills End is a children's book by Ivan Southall published in 1962 and later adapted for television.
 Bite Me: A Love Story is the twelfth novel by Christopher Moore. It debuted at number 5 on The New York Times Best Seller list on April 11 2010.It is the third book in to the author's original vampire series Bloodsucking Fiends from 1995. Bite Me was released on March 23 2010 by William Morrow and Company.
 The Metallic Muse is a collection of science fiction stories by Lloyd Biggle Jr. published in hardcover by Doubleday Books in 1972. It was reprinted in paperback by DAW Books in 1973.
 Marvel Treasury Edition is an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics from 1974 to 1981. It usually featured reprints of previously published stories but a few issues contained new material. The series was published in an oversized 10 x 14 tabloid (or treasury) format and was launched with a collection of Spider-Man stories. The series concluded with the second Superman and Spider-Man intercompany crossover.
 The Nighthawk Star (よだかの星 Yodaka no Hoshi) is a popular Japanese children’s short story by Kenji Miyazawa thought to have been written around 1921. It was a part of the Complete Works of Kenji Miyazawa Vol. 5 (「宮沢賢治全集」 第５巻) published by Chikuma Bunko (ちくま文庫) which was later updated to be a part of the Newly Collected Complete Works of Miyazawa Kenji Vol.
 Pages Stained With Blood (2001) originally published as Tej Aru Dhulire Dhushorito Prishtha is an Assamese novel by Indira Goswami that depicts the gory Sikh pogrom in Delhi as an aftermath of the assassination of the Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in June 1984.
 Khabrain (Urdu: روزنامہ خبریں‎) is a Pakistani daily newspaper. It is one of Pakistan’s most widely circulated Urdu-language newspapers. The Daily Khabrain is published by the Khabrain Group of Newspapers. It is published simultaneously from Islamabad Karachi Lahore Peshawar Multan Haiderabad Muzafarabad and Sukkar. It claims to have a 30% circulation share.
 I Was Told There'd Be Cake is a New York Times-bestselling collection of essays by American writer and literary publicist Sloane Crosley.
 Grave Secrets is the fifth novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 A Lick of Frost is the sixth book in the Merry Gentry series written by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 A Good Hanging and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by crime writer Ian Rankin.The collection features Ian Rankin's popular Detective Inspector Rebus. The collection is of 12 short stories set in Edinburgh where Ian Rankin sets almost all of his novels.The Short Stories:
 Applied Physics A: Materials Science and Processing is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Michael Stuke (Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry). This publication is complemented by Applied Physics B (Lasers & Optics).
 Skippyjon Jones is a children's picture book by Judith Byron Schachner published in 2003 by Dutton Juvenile. It is the first book in a series of the same name.The title character is a siamese cat with large ears that make him look like a Chihuahua. He has a group of imaginary Chihuahua friends Los Chimichangos. He lives with his mother Junebug his three sisters Jezebel Jillyboo and Ju Ju Bee and Mrs. Tinkley the family's owner.In 2004 Skippyjon Jones won the first annual E.B.
 Demokraten is a local newspaper in Fredrikstad Norway. Second in its city behind Fredriksstad Blad it is published three days a week. The chief editor is Tomm Pentz Pedersen .It was established in 1906 as Smaalenenes Social-Demokrat being affiliated with the Labour Party. Its founder and editor until 1909 was Hans Andreas Hanssen. In 1921 when the Social Democratic Labour Party broke away from the Labour Party Smaalenenes Social-Demokrat followed the new party.
 The Unconquered was a 1953 novel by Ben Ames Williams. It was Williams' final novel completed in January 1953 less than a month before his death. It is a sequel to his House Divided.
 Being Nikki was written by author of the Princess Diaries series Meg Cabot and is the second book in the Airhead series. This book is followed by Runaway.
 Autumn Term is the first in the series of novels about the Marlow family by Antonia Forest. First published in 1948 and set in that post-war period. The plot focuses on the youngest Marlows identical twins Nicola and Lawrence during their first term at Kingscote School for Girls. The next book in the series is The Marlows and the Traitor.
 Yamamoto Zenjirou to Moushimasu (山本善次朗と申します) is a Japanese manga created by Maki Yoko author of Aishiteruze Baby. The serial first ran in the February 2007 issue of Ribon.
 A Supposedly Fun Thing I’ll Never Do Again: Essays and Arguments is a 1997 collection of nonfiction writing by David Foster Wallace. In the title essay originally published in Harper's as Shipping Out Wallace describes the excesses of his one-week trip in the Caribbean aboard the cruise ship MV Zenith which he rechristens the Nadir.
 The Boy Who Lost His Face (ISBN 0-679-88622-2) is a novel by Louis Sachar. The story focuses on a group of young boys. One of them (David) joining in with the 'cool crew' helps to steal an old woman's cane. When she finds them she cries out Your Doppelgänger will regurgitate on your soul! meaning that his ghostly double would puke on his soul according to a translation by David.
 The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years (Russian: И дольше века длится день And longer than a century lasts a day) originally published in Russian in the Novy Mir literary magazine in 1980 is a novel written by the Kyrgyz author Chinghiz Aitmatov.
 Melway (often incorrectly referred to as Melways or The Melways is an almost ubiquitous street directory for Melbourne Victoria Australia and its immediate surrounds including the city of Geelong. It is currently in its 41st edition—the 2014 edition—which was released in July 2013.
 Uriel's Machine: The Prehistoric Technology That Survived the Flood is a bestselling book published in 1999 by Christopher Knight and Robert Lomas. The book's name is derived from a character of the same name in the Book of Enoch.
 Africa Week is a weekly magazine that covers African affairs.
 The Defining Moment: FDR's Hundred Days and the Triumph of Hope is a political history book by Jonathan Alter about the first 100 days of Franklin D. Roosevelt's presidency. The book also focuses on how Roosevelt's childhood personal life diagnosis of polio and early political life prepared him for those early days in which he established the New Deal to fight the Great Depression.In The Defining Moment Alter presents Roosevelt and his presidency as the perfect mold of man and moment.
 Chemistry World is a monthly chemistry news magazine published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. The magazine addresses current events in world of chemistry including research international business news and government policy as it affects the chemical science community plus the best product applications. It features regular columns by Philip Ball Derek Lowe and Paul Docherty. The magazine is sent to all members of the Royal Society of Chemistry and is included in the cost of membership.
 Hawaiian Dick is a comic book created by writer B. Clay Moore and artist Steven Griffin and published by Image Comics. The first Hawaiian Dick mini-series hit comic shops in December of 2002 and was subsequently followed in late 2003 by a second four issue mini-series called Hawaiian Dick: the Last Resort.
 Flight from Rebirth is a science fiction novel written by J. T. McIntosh and published in July 1971 by Avon Books.
 Critical Reviews in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology is a scientific journal that publishes comprehensive review articles in the areas of biochemistry and molecular biology.
 Kara-Tur: The Eastern Realms is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Samoanische Zeitung (English: Samoan Newspaper) was a German language newspaper in Samoa founded in 1901. After the occupation of Samoa by New Zealand in 1914 it had to change its name to Samoa Times. Its last edition was published on 2 January 1915.
 How the Steel Was Tempered (Russian: Как закалялась сталь Kak zakalyalas' stal' ) is a socialist realist novel written by Nikolai Ostrovsky (1904–1936). Pavel (Pavka) Korchagin is the central character.
 The East Journal on Approximations is a journal about approximation theory published in Sofia Bulgaria.
 The Right Stuff is a 1979 book by Tom Wolfe about the pilots engaged in U.S. postwar experiments with experimental rocket-powered high-speed aircraft as well as documenting the stories of the first Project Mercury astronauts selected for the NASA space program. The Right Stuff is based on extensive research by Wolfe who interviewed test pilots the astronauts and their wives among others.
 The Mystery of the Chinese Junk is Volume 39 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by James Duncan Lawrence (who also authored the majority of the Tom Swift Jr. series) in 1960.
 The Fallible Fiend is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp the third book of his Novarian series. It was first published as a two-part serial in the magazine Fantastic for December 1972 and February 1973 and subsequently expanded and revised for book publication. In its original form it won the 1973 British Fantasy Award for short story.
 Autoweek is a fortnightly automotive enthusiast publication based in Detroit Michigan. It was first published in 1958 and in 1977 the publication was purchased by Crain Communications Inc its current parent company. The magazine covers auto racing auto shows vehicle trends reviews and automotive lifestyle stories. It is also available via autoweek.com and on the iPad. The Autoweek Media Group also includes an Autoweek iPhone and iPad app.
 Thekar is a Karbi daily newspaper published from Diphu Assam. It is the highest circulated Karbi daily in North East India. As of 2008 it was one of the only two Karbi-language dailies in Karbi Anglong districtThe newspaper has a large number of readers in Assam and other North Eastern states of India. The Thekar has wide reach among the people in terms of circulation figures as well as the reliability of the news matter.
 The Restaurant at the End of the Universe (1980 ISBN 0-345-39181-0) is the second book in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy comedy science fiction pentalogy by Douglas Adams and is a sequel. It was originally published by Pan Books as a paperback. The book was inspired by the song Grand Hotel by British rock band Procol Harum. It takes its name from Milliways the Restaurant at the End of the Universe one of the settings of the book.
 Deadline is a four-issue mini-series that was printed by Marvel Comics in 2002 chronicling the first appearance of Kat Farrell as a newspaper reporter in New York City stumbling onto a murder case. Kat works at the Daily Bugle and dealt with major Bugle employees Betty Brant Ben Urich Robbie Robertson and J. Jonah Jameson.
 The Weekly Standard is an American neoconservative opinion magazine published 48 times per year. Its founding publisher News Corporation debuted the title September 18 1995. Currently edited by founder William Kristol and Fred Barnes the Standard has been described as a redoubt of neoconservatism and as the neo-con bible.
 OR Insight is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering operations research. It is an official journal of The Operational Research Society. OR Insight publishes full length case-orientated papers aimed at managers consultants and operational research practitioners.
 The Computer Aided Surgery is a scientific journal covering all aspects of Computer-assisted surgery (CAS) a surgical concept and set of methods that use computer technology for presurgical planning and for guiding or performing surgical interventions.The International Society for Computer Aided Surgery (ISCAS) is involved in the publication of the Journal.
 The House of Balthus is a 1995 fantasy horror novel by David Brooks. It is a story about characters from a painting by Balthus who have walked out to inhabit an ancient chateau.
 The Tamil Genocide by Sri Lanka: The Global Failure to Protect Tamil Rights Under International Law is book by Francis Boyle on the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War and its alleged war crimes.
 The Oakland Post is the largest African-American weekly newspaper in northern California founded in 1963 by Thomas L. Berkley and Velda M. Berkley. Headquartered in downtown Oakland the weekly serves the San Francisco Bay Area communities of Oakland Berkeley Richmond and San Francisco.
 Hernani (Full title: Hernani ou l'Honneur Castillan) is a drama by the French romantic author Victor Hugo. The play opened in Paris on 25 February 1830. Today it is more remembered for the demonstrations which accompanied the première and for being the inspiration of Verdi's opera Ernani than it is for its own merits.
 If It's Not Forever is a novel by Durjoy Datta. It was published in the year 2012 by Grapevine India Publishers. It is set on the story of the 2011 Delhi High Court blasts. Though mentioned as a love story it is more of a suspense thriller. There are seven characters mentioned in this book with the main protagonist being Debashish (Deb) who hails from Bengal and is deeply scarred with haunting memories of the blast. The book has received stellar reviews from critics all over India.
 Rakkestad Avis is a local newspaper published in Rakkestad Norway. It was published as Østfold Bygdeblad in Mysen from 1941 to 1986.Rakkestad Avis was started on 16 September 1912. It was affiliated with the Liberal Party then the Norwegian Agrarian Association/Agrarian Party after 1920.
 The Entity is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson and John Gergen that appeared in the June 1949 issue of Astounding Science Fiction. The Entity was the fifth story published by Anderson and the only story published by Gergen a friend of Anderson's from the Minneapolis Fantasy Society.
 Christmas Party is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as The Christmas-Party Murder in the January 4 1957 issue of Collier's magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection And Four to Go published by the Viking Press in 1958.
 The Heart of Midlothian is the seventh of Sir Walter Scott’s Waverley Novels. It was originally published in four volumes on 25 July 1818 under the title of Tales of My Landlord 2nd series and the author was given as Jedediah Cleishbotham Schoolmaster and Parish-clerk of Gandercleugh. Although the identity of the author of the Waverley Novels was well known by this time Scott still chose to write under a pseudonym.
 Washington Jewish Week (WJW) is an award-winning independent community weekly newspaper whose logo reads Serving the nation's capital and the greater Washington Jewish community since 1930. Its main office is located in Rockville Maryland a Maryland suburb of the District of Columbia.Over the years it has earned a high level of respect for its stories but has also become embroiled in a number of controversies linked to leadership policies and decisions of the paper's owners.
 Smash is an American novel by Garson Kanin. Published in 1980 by Viking Press the book follows the creation of a Broadway musical about vaudeville performer Nora Bayes from casting to opening night.Smash was the partial basis for the 2012 NBC television series Smash.
 Daniele Cortis is an 1885 novel by the Italian writer Antonio Fogazzaro. The film follows the struggles of an idealistic Catholic politician.
 Bartleby the Scrivener: A Story of Wall Street is a short story by the American writer Herman Melville (1819–1891). It first appeared anonymously in two parts in the November and December 1853 editions of Putnam's Magazine and was reprinted with minor textual alterations in his The Piazza Tales in 1856.
 The Colby Free Press is a local newspaper published in Colby Kansas. It is the official newspaper for Cloud County Kansas. The paper publishes four days a week Monday and Wednesday through Friday.U.S. Representative John R. Connelly was owner and editor of the Colby Free Press from 1897 until 1919.
 Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers is a 2003 non-fiction work by Mary Roach. Published by W. W. Norton & Company it details the unique scientific contributions of the deceased.In the book Roach gives firsthand accounts of cadavers a history of the use of cadavers and an exploration of the surrounding ethical/moral issues.
 Demon Seed is a science fiction novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz first published in 1973 and then completely rewritten and republished in 1997. Though Koontz wrote both versions and they share the same basic plot the two novels are very different. The earlier version has a dual narrative with some chapters written from the perspective of Susan the story's heroine and others based on the observations of Proteus the rogue computer that imprisons her.
 Silent to the Bone (2000) is a novel by E. L.
 The Times of Wayne County is a weekly newspaper serving the communities of Wayne County New York. The paper is circulated to approximately 12500 people.
 Cemetery Dance is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child released on May 12 2009 by Grand Central Publishing. This is the ninth book in the Special Agent Pendergast series. During production it was known by the pre-release title Revenant. The preceding novel is The Wheel of Darkness.
 Stopped at Stalingrad: The Luftwaffe and Hitler's Defeat in the East 1942-1943 is a book that analyzed the role of Hitler's use and control of the Luftwaffe in the Battle of Stalingrad between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union during World War II. Written by historian Joel S. A.
 Mutant is a 1953 collection of science fiction short stories by Lewis Padgett (pseudonym of Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore). It was first published by Gnome Press in 1953 in an edition of 4000 copies. The stories all originally appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 Strange Abominable Snowmen (ISBN 0445024933) is a book written in 1970 by Warren Smith which claimed to offer scientific proof as to the existence of Bigfoot. The books main expert was one Major Stoyanow who allegedly came into contact with a Bigfoot and relayed the information. The authenticity of the book's claims are often questioned.
 The Moving Picture World was an influential early trade journal for the American film industry from 1907 to 1927. By 1914 it had a reported circulation of approximately 15000.The publication was founded by James Petrie (J.P.) Chalmers Jr.
 The International Islamic News Agency (IINA) a specialized organ of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC) is a news agency publishing in Arabic English and French and focusing on news about the Islamic world and Islamic affairs. Its headquarters is in Jeddah Saudi Arabia.The agency was established in 1972 under a resolution of the Third Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers.
 Footnotes in Gaza is a journalistic comic book by Joe Sacco about two bloody incidents during the Suez War. It was published in 2009.The book describes the author's quest to get to the bottom of what happened in Khan Younis and in Rafah in the Gaza Strip in November 1956.
 Life in the Iron Mills; or the Korl Woman is a short story (or novella) written by Rebecca Harding Davis in 1861 set in the factory world of the nineteenth century. It is one of the earliest American realist works and is an important text for those who study labor and women's issues.
 Acts of God is the concluding novel of the Christ Clone Trilogy written by James BeauSeigneur. This book primarily chronicles the Bowl Judgements as foretold in the Book of Revelation as well as the institution of the Mark of the Beast and the growing persecution of the followers of God. Other biblical prophecies from the Book of Revelation and the Book of Daniel are depicted as well.As with the first and second book in this trilogy many footnotes are used from various sources.
 The Flying Inn is a novel first published in 1914 by G. K. Chesterton. It is set in a future England where the Temperance movement has allowed a bizarre form of Progressive Islam to dominate the political and social life of the country. Because of this alcohol sales to the poor are effectively prohibited while the rich can get alcoholic drinks under a medical certificate.
 The Batman Beyond concept based on the television series of the same name has appeared in various DC Comics publications. It can typically be split into four volumes which follow on from each other the first volume using the six-issue miniseries from 1999 the second being the 1999-2001 24 issue series the third being the 2010 Hush arc and the fourth being the 2011 eight-issue series. There is currently a new series titled Batman Beyond Unlimited which becomes the fifth series.
 Supreme Court Debates published by Congressional Digest Corp. is a 36-page monthly publication spotlighting current cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. The publication follows analyzes and reports on activities in the highest U.S.
 Becoming Madame Mao is a historical novel by Anchee Min detailing the life of Jiang Qing. She became Madame Mao after her marriage to Mao Zedong. In this story Min tries to cast a sympathetic light on one of the most controversial political figures in the PRC.
 The Amen Corner is a three-act play by James Baldwin. It was Baldwin's first attempt at theater following Go Tell It on the Mountain. It was first published in 1954 and inspired a short-lived 1983 Broadway musical adaptation with the slightly truncated title Amen Corner.
 Christian Walker is the main character starring in the comic book series Powers. He was created by writer Brian Michael Bendis artist Michael Avon Oeming. Originally published through Image Comics beginning in 2000 but in 2004 it moved to Marvel Comics where the series launched Marvel's Icon Comics division for creator-owned titles.
 St. Urbain's Horseman is the seventh novel by Canadian author Mordecai Richler. It was first published in 1971 by McClelland & Stewart. It is one of Richler's most ambitious novels and won the prestigious Governor General's Award for 1971.
 The Late Shift: Letterman Leno & the Network Battle for the Night is a 1994 non-fiction book written by The New York Times media reporter Bill Carter. It chronicles the early 1990s conflict surrounding the American late-night talk show The Tonight Show. The book was later made into a film of the same name by HBO.
 Chickadee (also chickaDEE) is a Canadian children's magazine. It was founded in 1979 as a spin-off of OWL Magazine geared towards younger readers. Originally focused on science and nature the magazine aimed at kids aged six to nine has gradually become a more general-purpose children's magazine.
 The Scortas' Sun (French: Le Soleil des Scorta) is a novel by the French writer Laurent Gaudé. It is also known as The House of Scorta. It received the Prix Goncourt.
 The Saint Abroad is a collection of two mystery novellas by Fleming Lee continuing the adventures of the sleuth Simon Templar aka The Saint created by Leslie Charteris.
 Berria (Basque: News) is the only newspaper published wholly in the Basque language and which can be read in the entirety of the Basque country. It was created after the closure of the previous Basque language newspaper Egunkaria by the Spanish government after being accused of having ties with ETA. The newspaper shutdown was regarded by many as an attack on freedom of speech and the Basque language.
 Pentagon is a 1986 political novel by Allen Drury who was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1960 for his 1959 novel Advise and Consent.
 New Mobile Report Gundam Wing: Episode Zero (新機動戦記ガンダムW EPISODE ZERO Shin Kidō Senki Gundam W Episode Zero) released in the United States as Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Episode Zero is a manga miniseries based on the anime series Mobile Suit Gundam Wing featuring stories set mostly before the events of that tale.
 Even the Dogs is the third novel of Jon McGregor first published in 2010. Its subject matter is drug addiction alcoholism homelessness and dereliction. The Irish Times literary critic Eileen Battersby called it a magnificent novel. In 2012 Even the Dogs was awarded the International Dublin Literary Award one of the world's richest literary prizes.The Daily Telegraph published a positive review by David Robson who remarked that the movingly told story is also an important book.
 Época (ISSN 1415-5494) is a Brazilian weekly news and analysis magazine. Since its inception in 1998 it has become one of the country's most widely read magazines. It is published by Editora Globo part of the Rede Globo media conglomerate.According to Brazil's ANER (National Association of Magazine Publishers) Época has an average circulation of about 420000.
 The Virginia Argus and Hampshire Advertiser often referred to simply as the Virginia Argus was a weekly newspaper published between July 1850 and August 1861 in Romney Virginia (now West Virginia). The paper's circulation of 800 copies was the second-highest in Hampshire County after the South Branch Intelligencer's.
 The money-order with White genesis (French: Le mandat précédé de Vehi-Ciosane ) is a book containing two novellas by Senegalese author Ousmane Sembène first published in French in 1966. An English-language translation was published in 1972. It tells two stories. In White Genesis a mother struggles with conflict after her teenage daughter's pregnancy becomes apparent.
 The Painted Bird is a controversial 1965 novel by Jerzy Kosiński which describes the world as seen by a young boy considered a Gypsy or Jewish stray who wanders about small towns scattered around Eastern Europe during World War II.
 The Stone of Laughter (Arabic: حجر الضحك) is Lebanese novel written in 1990 by author Hoda Barakat set during the Lebanese Civil War. The book was translated into English by Sophie Bennett. It is a winner of the Al-Naqid prize and first book by an Arab author to have a main character who is homosexual.
 Phineas Redux is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1873 as a serial in The Graphic. It is the fourth of the Palliser series of novels and the sequel to the second book of the series Phineas Finn.
 Science Fiction Quarterly was a United States based pulp science fiction magazine that was originally published from 1940 to 1943 and then again from 1951 to 1958. While the magazine did not last long it helped early science fiction writers reach early audiences in the genre. The magazine also published complete short stories in a single issue.
 Go-Set was the first Australian pop music newspaper published weekly from 2 February 1966 to 24 August 1974 and was founded in Melbourne by Phillip Frazer Peter Raphael and Tony Schauble.
 Steel Ashes is a crime novel by the American writer Karen Rose Cercone set in 1905 Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of two deaths as the result of a tenement fire. The case of these two immigrants is investigated by detective Milo Kachigan and Helen Sorby a tireless social worker.
 Yondering is a collection of short stories by American author Louis L'Amour. Rather than deal with L'Amour's traditional subject matter of the Old West Yondering contains adventure stories primarily set in the first half of the 20th century.
 Dalton Transactions is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles on all aspects of the chemistry of inorganic bioinorganic and organometallic compounds. It is published weekly by the Royal Society of Chemistry. The journal was named after the English chemist John Dalton best known for his work on modern atomic theory. Authors can elect to have accepted articles published as open access. The editor-in-chief is Jamie Humphrey.
 Rommel Drives on Deep into Egypt is Richard Brautigan's eighth poetry publication and includes 58 poems. The title of the book echoes a 1942 San Francisco Chronicle headline describing a successful operation by Rommel during the North African Campaign of World War II. The six line title poem reminiscent of Ozymandias uses this headline to examine the transitory nature of both human endeavor and the reader of the poem.
 Hell's Heroes is the tenth and final installment in Darren Shan's The Demonata series.
 Doberman Deka (ドーベルマン刑事 Doberman Cop) is a hardboiled manga series written by Buronson and drawn by Shinji Hiramatsu. It was serialized in the Weekly Shōnen Jump manga anthology from 1975 (Issue 39) throughout 1979 (Issue 48) and was originally collected in a 29-volume tankōbon edition. A later aizōban edition was published as well as a bunkoban edition which compressed the number of volumes to 18.
 Tom a Lincoln is a romance by the English writer Richard Johnson published in two parts in 1599 and 1607. The principal character Tom is a bastard son of King Arthur and a girl named Angelica. He is the father of two other important characters the Black Knight and the Faerie Knight.
 Der Blindensturz (1985) (translated as The Parable of the Blind) is the title of short novel in ten chapters by German writer Gert Hofmann.Inspired by Parabel der Blinden (1568) a painting by Netherlandish artist Pieter Bruegel the novel tells the story of the work's creation from the point of view of the six blind men depicted in the painting. The story is recounted in the present tense first person plural.
 The Brandsma Review is a bi-monthly magazine of conservative Catholic opinion in circulation in Ireland. Its Latin masthead is Pro Vita Pro Ecclesia Dei et Pro Hibernia 'for life for the Church of God and for Ireland'. It is called after the Dutch Carmelite priest-journalist Blessed Titus Brandsma who lived in Ireland for a period in the 1930s and was subsequently martyred by the Nazis.
 Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood is the fourth novel in Ann Brashares's acclaimed Sisterhood series. The story concludes the adventures of four girls who share a pair of magical pants that fit each one of them perfectly despite their vastly different shapes and sizes. This is the fourth book in the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series and was considered the last until Brashares published a fifth book in 2011. It was released on January 9 2007.
 Sandesh (Bengali: সন্দেশ Shôndesh) is a Bengali children's magazine. The periodical was first published by Upendrakishore Raychowdhury in 1913 through his publishing company M/s U. Ray and Sons. The magazine was first published from its office in 22 Sukeas Street. Subsequently the office and the press were shifted to the new building built by Upendrakishore at 100 Garpar Road.
 Weep Not Child is Kenyan author Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o's first novel published in 1964 under the name James Ngugi. It was the first English novel to be published by an East African. Thiong'o's works deal with the relationship between Africans and the British colonists in Africa and are heavily critical of British colonial rule.
 Camelot 30K is a hard science fiction novel written by the United States physicist Robert L. Forward. It was published in 1993 by Tor Books. The story mainly deals with the concept of human contact and interaction with a kingdom of intelligent alien life that dwells on a frozen world where the ambient temperature is only 30 K or −240 °C (hence the title of the book). In Camelot 30K Forward uses a lot of low-temperature chemistry-based fact to explain the alien's unique biology and anatomy.
 The Gazette is the student newspaper at the University of Western Ontario in London Ontario Canada. The Gazette is the only daily student newspaper in Canada publishing Tuesday through Friday. It is owned and published by the University Students' Council.
 After Dark is a three-issue dark science fiction limited series published by Radical Comics in a 56-page graphic novella format. The series concept and characters were created by film director/writer Antoine Fuqua (director of Training Day) and actor Wesley Snipes (star of the Blade series). The series is written by Peter Milligan (best known for Marvel Comics's X-Statix series) and illustrated by Jeff Nentrup.On June 30 2010 a #0 issue was released as a prequel.
 Never So Good is a 2008 play by Howard Brenton which portrays the life and career of Harold Macmillan a 20th-century Conservative British politician who served as Prime Minister (1957–1963).
 Bert Breen's Barn is a children's historical novel set in the early 1900s written by Walter D. Edmonds and first published by Little Brown in 1975. The main character is Tom Dolan an impoverished young man who lives in the north Adirondack country. The plot concerns Tom's fascination with Bert Breen's Barn as well as the fortune that he believes to be buried beneath it.The book won the 1976 National Book Award in category Children's Books.
 Barney & Clyde is a daily newspaper comic strip created by Washington Post columnist Gene Weingarten his son Dan Weingarten and cartoonist David Clark. Syndicated by The Washington Post Writers Group it debuted on June 7 2010.
 Nature Immunology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on immunology. The journal was founded in 2000 as an expansion of the Nature family of journals.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 26.199 ranking it third out of 135 journals in the category Immunology.
 Planet of Exile is a 1966 science-fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin in her Hainish Cycle. It was first published as an Ace Double following the tête-bêche format bundled with Mankind Under the Leash by Thomas M. Disch.
 Marino Faliero Doge of Venice is a blank verse tragedy in five acts by Lord Byron published and first performed in 1821.
 Char Divas Premache is a Marathi play directed by Waman Kendre and written by Ratnakar Matkari. The star cast includes Prashant Damle Veena Jamkar Arun Malavade Savita Prabhune.The play explores the true meaning of love.
 Love & Sleep is a 1994 Modern Fantasy novel by John Crowley. It is the second novel in Crowley's Ægypt Sequence and a sequel to Crowley's 1987 novel The Solitudes.
 Designated Targets is the second volume of John Birmingham's Axis of Time trilogy.
 The Monsters of Templeton is a dramatic novel written by Lauren Groff. Groff was born and raised in Cooperstown New York. The name Templeton draws from the name devised for the town by James Fenimore Cooper Cooperstown's most renowned author known for The Leatherstocking Tales. Groff draws in many of the legends of Cooperstown especially those crafted by Cooper himself and ties them together over the expanses of time then weaves them in with fictional modern-day events.
 The Seer is a young adult science fiction novel by David Stahler Jr. It is the second book in the Truesight trilogy and is followed by Otherspace.
 Pillar of Fire is a 1995 historical fantasy novel by Judith Tarr. It deals with the reigns of Egyptian pharaohs Akhenaten and Tutankhamun and the Exodus from the perspective of a Hittite slave girl of Ankhesenpaaten. It draws heavily on Ahmed Osman's theory that Moses and Ankhenaten were the same person.The idea of Akhenaten as the pioneer of a monotheistic religion that later became Judaism has been considered by various scholars starting with Sigmund Freud's views in Moses and Monotheism.
 A Daughter's a Daughter is a novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Heinemann on 24 November 1952. Initially unpublished in the US it was later issued as a paperback by Dell Publishing in September 1963. It was the fifth of six novels Christie wrote under the nom-de-plume Mary Westmacott.
 On Snow (German: Vom Schnee) is a 2003 long poem by the German writer Durs Grünbein. It has the subtitle or Descartes in Germany (oder Descartes in Deutschland). It focuses on the life of the French philosopher René Descartes. Andreas Nentwich of Die Zeit described it as a baroque picture arc of war violence vanity and a lot of snow.
 Ta Nea (Greek: Τα Νέα Translation: The News) is a daily newspaper published in Athens owned by Lambrakis Press Group that also publishes the newspaper To Vima. The newspaper began publishing in 1931 and the first issue was released on May 28. It is Greek's best-selling newspaper as well as the largest selling Greek newspaper for decades although the circulation had been affected due to the availability of the internet and the financial crisis.
 International Record Review is an independent British monthly classical music magazine.First published in March 2000 the magazine reviews classical music CDs DVDs and books. Its format is similar to that of its competitors the long established Gramophone and the more recent BBC Music Magazine: CD and DVD reviews are divided into orchestral chamber instrumental choral vocal and opera.
 The Irishman is a Miles Franklin Award-winning novel by Australian author Elizabeth O'Conner.The novel deals with the experiences of Paddy Doolan an Irish teamster and his sons in the Gulf Country in the north of Australia.
 Acta Chimica Slovenica is a quarterly scientific journal of chemistry. It comprises two parts: The first part contains peer-reviewed scientific and expert articles from the various fields of chemistry written in English and accompanied by abstracts in Slovene.
 Conan and the Sorcerer is a fantasy novel written by Andrew J. Offutt and illustrated by Esteban Maroto featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian the first in a trilogy continuing with Conan the Mercenary and concluding with The Sword of Skelos. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in October 1978 and reprinted in May 1979 1982 and March 1984.
 The Keeper's Price and Other Stories is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books in February 1980. Many of the stories first appeared in the magazine Starstone.
 Battle Club (Japanese: バトルクラブ Hepburn: Batoru Kurabu) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuji Shiozaki the creator of Ikki Tousen. The series follows Mokichi & Tamako two high school students who are members of the Swan Academy Wrestling Club. This manga is noted for its extensive amount of fan service with characters becoming naked for no apparent reason for story development.
 Tales of Ghost Castle was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by DC Comics in 1975. Tales of Ghost Castle was hosted by Lucien who later became an important supporting character in Neil Gaiman's The Sandman.
 Seduced by Bacon: Recipes & Lore about America's Favorite Indulgence is a cookbook about bacon written by Joanna Pruess with her husband Bob Lape. It was first published by The Lyons Press in 2006 and contains 90 recipes using bacon for breakfast lunch and dinner and even desserts.Pruess is a food writer and consultant to the food industry and her husband is a food critic who has written articles for Crain's business.
 Time of our Darkness is a novel by South African author Stephen Gray. It tells the story of a homosexual teacher in 1980s Apartheid South Africa and his relationship with his long-term partner and a young black boy.13-year-old Disley D. Mashanini is the sole black pupil at a white private school in Sandton Johannesberg there on a scholarship from a township in the Transvaal. Pete Walker teaches English and sometimes teaches Africaans.
 Serpent Mage is the fourth book in The Death Gate Cycle series written by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman. It was released in 1992.
 Fight! Iczer One (戦え!!イクサー1 Tatakae!! Ikusā Wan) is a dark sci-fi anime with a predominantly female cast. Based upon a manga comic of the same name published in Lemon People magazine in 1983 it was created by Toshihiro Hirano and has a small but devoted fan-following among otaku. Relationships are primarily of the yuri variety as the alien race featured the Cthulhu (translated as Cutowolf) are an entirely spaceborne race with its male population completely died out.
 The Weathering Continent (風の大陸 Kaze no Tairiku) is a Japanese fantasy light novel series written by Sei Takekawa and illustrated by Mutsumi Inomata.
 The Burning Land is a 2009 historical novel set in the 9th century Anglo-Saxon kingdoms Wessex Northumbria and Mercia. It is the fifth book in Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Tales series and continues where the preceding Sword Song left off.The novel follows Uhtred of Bebbanburg a Saxon raised by Danes who has sworn allegiance to Alfred the Great of Wessex. After winning a victory against Norse raiders for Alfred Uthred goes into exile from Wessex after killing a Christian priest.
 Collectors Forgers — And A Writer: A Memoir (1983) is a memoir written by American author James A. Michener.A discussion of Mr. Michener's college years and some acquaintances and works that still influenced him later in his life and career.Originally published by Targ Editions in 1983.Republished in 1993 as a chapter of Literary Reflections.
 Shopaholic and Sister (2004) is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella a pseudonym of Madeline Wickham. It is the fourth book in the Shopaholic series. It follows the story of Becky Brandon (née Bloomwood) and her husband Luke as they return from their ten-month long honeymoon.
 Sacred Games is a book by Vikram Chandra published in 2006.It has received notable reviews.
 Planta Medica is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering medicinal plants and bioactive natural products of plant origin. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.348.
 The Zucchini Warriors is a young adult novel by Gordon Korman.
 The Jungle Pyramid is Volume 56 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Vincent Buranelli in 1977.
 French Kiss: Stephen Harper’s Blind Date with Quebec is a non-fiction book written by Chantal Hébert a Canadian writer and columnist for the Toronto Star and Le Devoir first published by Knopf Canada in April 2007. In the book the author recounts the 2006 general election in the province of Quebec and the improbable dominance of the party in that region.
 The Health Education Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes scholarly articles in the field of health education. The journal was established in 1943 and covers health promotion and health education. It is published by Sage Publications and the editor-in-chief is Peter Aggleton (University of New South Wales).
 The Story of the Isle of Man is a 1901 book on the history of the Isle of Man by A.W. Moore. It was written as an introduction to Manx history specifically for children.The book was written at a time of a growing sense of Manx national identity greatly due to the work of A. W. Moore himself. For want of any existing rigorous and sustained history of the Isle of Man he wrote A History of the Isle of Man which was published in 1900 in two volumes (reaching 989 pages).
 The Cornell Daily Sun is an independent daily newspaper published in Ithaca New York by students at Cornell University and hired employees.The Sun features coverage of the university and its environs as well as stories from the Associated Press and UWIRE. It prints on weekdays when the university is open for academic instruction as a tabloid-sized daily.
 Too Many Clients is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1960 and collected in the omnibus volume Three Aces (Viking 1971).
 Guy's Hospital Reports was a medical journal of clinical practice that was published by Guy's Hospital of London from 1836 to 1974. Initially edited by George H. Barlow it covered case reports and other topics arising in the large teaching hospital.
 Marx & Lennon: The Parallel Sayings is an anthology of 400 humorous quotes from John Lennon and Groucho Marx on a variety of themes. Quotations are thematically collected in such a way that the top section of a page contains Marx' quotes and the bottom section contains Lennon's. The book is edited by Joey Green and includes an introduction by Arthur Marx and a foreword by Yoko Ono. Including the index it is 254 pages long.
 The Hour We Knew Nothing of Each Other (German: Die Stunde da wir nichts voneinander wußten) is a one-act play without words written by Peter Handke. The play has 450 characters and focuses on a day in the life of an unspecified town square. It was first performed in 1992.
 A Guide to the Scientific Knowledge of Things Familiar also known as The Guide to Science or Brewer's Guide to Science is a book by Ebenezer Cobham Brewer presenting explanations for common phenomena. First published in the United Kingdom around 1840 the book is laid out in the style of a catechism and proved very popular. 47 editions were printed by 1905 in English alone and translations made into various other languages.
 Khalil & Majnun (full title Khalil & Majnun: A Memoir) is a book by Egyptian writer Rahal X. What seemed like a casual summer encounter with another gay Muslim turns into a life-changing experience for the author. With wit and insight the book published by Salaam Press in 2008 is a journey into the heart of spirituality self-discovery and love.
 Jungle Animals was Frank Buck’s eighth book written with Ferrin Fraser describing some of the animals birds and reptiles of the jungle which Buck had come in contact with in his years of travel around the world. The lavishly illustrated book was intended for schoolchildren grades five to eight.A children’s book illustrator Roger Vernam (1912–1992) was the artist.
 51 Ways to Save Her (彼女を守る51の方法 Kanojo wo Mamoru 51 no Hōhō) is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Usamaru Furuya. It was serialized in Shinchosha's Comic Bunch magazine between May 26 2006 and August 17 2007 finishing at five volumes. CMX purchased the English rights but never released it due to the imprint's cancellation. It was released in French by Marvel Panini France (retitled as Tokyo Magnitude 8) and in Chinese by Tong Li Publishing.
 Religious Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press. It addresses problems of the philosophy of religion in the context of a variety of religious traditions. Issues were published approximately biannually from the journal's founding in 1965 until 1969 and have been quarterly since 1970.
 The Test is a novel by Mary Tappan Wright. It was first published in hardcover by Charles Scribner's Sons in February 1904. It was Wright's second published novel and third published book.
 Heaven Has No Favorites (German: Der Himmel kennt keine Günstlinge) is a novel by the German writer Erich Maria Remarque. This novel is a story about passion and love with a background of automobile racing.The novel was serialized in the Hamburg magazine Kristall in 1959 under the title Borrowed Life (German: Geborgtes Leben) and first published in book form in 1961.
 Traitor’s Sun is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Adrienne Martine-Barnes in the Darkover series. It was first published by in hardcover by DAW Books in 1998. The book falls in the Darkover time periods that the author called Against the Terrans: The Second Age (after the Comyn).In terms of Darkover's timeline the book starts fifteen years after The Shadow Matrix and is a continuation of that story.
 Hormones and Cancer is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of hormone action on cancer. It was established in 2010 and is published by Springer Science + Business Media on behalf of The Endocrine Society. The editor-in-chief is Carol A. Lange (University of Minnesota).
 Thrilling Cities is the title of a travelogue by the James Bond author and The Sunday Times journalist Ian Fleming. The book was first published in the UK in November 1963 by Jonathan Cape. The cities covered by Fleming were Hong Kong Macau Tokyo Honolulu Los Angeles Las Vegas Chicago New York Hamburg Berlin Vienna Geneva Naples and Monte Carlo.Thrilling Cities was initially a series of articles Fleming wrote for The Sunday Times based on two trips he took.
 El Periódico de Aragón is an Aragonese daily newspaper founded in Zaragoza on 23 October 1990 by Juancho Dumall. It is published by the Grupo Zeta and whose information focuses primarily on Section Aragon Opinion and Sports.
 The Merchant of Venice is a play by William Shakespeare believed to have been written between 1596 and 1598. Though classified as a comedy in the First Folio and sharing certain aspects with Shakespeare's other romantic comedies the play is perhaps most remembered for its dramatic scenes and is best known for Shylock and the famous Hath not a Jew eyes? speech.
 Indiana Review (IR) is a small student-run literary magazine at Indiana University Bloomington. Founded in 1976 it has a circulation of about 2000.A biannual review IR publishes essays fiction graphic arts interviews poetry and reviews. IR is funded mainly by subscriptions contests grants and partially by university support. Works by contributors to IR have been awarded the Pushcart Prize and reprinted in The Pushcart Prize Anthology: Best of the Small Presses as well as in the O.
 Horrible Beginnings is an anthology of horror short stories edited by Steven H. Silver and Martin H. Greenberg first published in paperback by DAW Books in March 2003. The cover art is based on Children of Bodom's debut album Something Wild. It is a compilation of the first published stories of seventeen prominent authors in the genre and features introductions to the stories provided (in most instances) by the authors of those stories.
 Sam the Sudden is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 15 October 1925 by Methuen London and in the United States on 6 November 1925 by George H. Doran New York under the title Sam in the Suburbs.
 Earthfall (1995) is the fourth book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card. The Homecoming saga is a fictionalization of the first few hundred years recorded in the Book of Mormon.
 The Berg Encyclopedia of World Dress and Fashion is an encyclopedia about dress and ornamentation of the body in different cultures throughout history. It explores themes of personal and social identity related to the universal activity of dressing one's self. Its ten volumes are dedicated to describing and interpreting dress and fashion in different places throughout the world and are organized geographically.
 Tramps Like Us (きみはペット Kimi wa Petto lit. You're My Pet) is a Japanese josei manga series by Yayoi Ogawa. It is about Sumire a young professional woman who takes in a younger man as a pet and her attempts to keep her coworkers and conventionally perfect boyfriend from finding out about her pet. It also deals with the romantic attraction between Sumire and her pet.
 Guru Guru Pon-chan (ぐるぐるポンちゃん) is a manga by Satomi Ikezawa about a Labrador puppy named Ponta who turns into a human and falls in love with Mirai Iwaki who's very popular in his school. In 2000 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo. It was published in the United States by Del Rey Manga.
 Nothing Feels Good: Punk Rock Teenagers and Emo is a book by Andy Greenwald a senior contributing writer at Spin magazine published in November 2003 by St. Martin's Press.The title Nothing Feels Good is taken from an album by The Promise Ring a representative band of the mid-90s emo scene. The book explores the evolution of the emo scene from basement concerts in the 1980s to stadium shows today and how this culture has affected its target group teenagers.
 The War of the Roses (1981) is a novel by Warren Adler.
 Press was a daily middle-market tabloid newspaper published in Belgrade between 2005 and 2012.Launched by a group of journalists who left Kurir and published by their newly established company called Press Publishing Group Press quickly developed sizable readership reaching high circulation in the process.
 The British Edda is a 1930 English Sumerian and Egyptian linguistics and mythology book written by Laurence Waddell about the adventures of El Wodan and Loki forming an Eden Triad in the Garden of Eden. It also references Thor and King Arthur having adventures in Eden.
 ... And Some Were Human is the first story collection by science fiction writer Lester del Rey originally published in hardcover by Prime Press in 1948. An abridged paperback edition including only eight of the twelve stories was issued by Ballantine Books in 1961. A Spanish translation reportedly dropping only one story appeared in 1957.
 Help at Any Cost: How the Troubled-Teen Industry Cons Parents and Hurts Kids is a non-fiction book by Maia Szalavitz analyzing the controversy surrounding the tough love behavior modification industry. The book was published February 16 2006 by Riverhead Books. Szalavitz focuses on four programs: Straight Incorporated a copy of the Straight Inc. program called KIDS North Star wilderness boot camp and the World Wide Association of Specialty Programs and Schools.
 Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung: The Work of a Legendary Critic: Rock 'n' Roll as Literature and Literature as Rock 'n' Roll is a collection of essays written by famous rock music critic Lester Bangs. Named for a 1971 article of the same title it was edited by Greil Marcus and released in 1987 five years after Bangs' death.
 Replica is an online magazine published by Global Tat Productions. Replica claims to be the pioneer of collective journalism a form of reported media whereby all material within the publication is contributed by the public. Replica was founded in early 2008 by Thomas Foxley and Rosie Allen-Jones and is considered a British cult.
 Supreme Injustice: How the High Court Hijacked Election 2000 is a book by Harvard Law School professor Alan Dershowitz. Dershowitz criticized as partisan the U.S. Supreme Court's 5-4 majority decision in Bush v. Gore which ended the Florida election recount.
 Brothers to the Death is the 4th and final installment in the Saga of Larten Crepsley written by Darren Shan. It covers the final quarter of the main character's life before the events described in the Saga of Darren Shan take place. It is part of the prequel saga to the Saga of Darren Shan.
 The Changelings is a novel by Jo Sinclair (Ruth Seid) first published in 1955 by McGraw Hill.
 The Hoya founded in 1920 is the oldest and largest student newspaper of Georgetown University in Washington D.C. serving as the university’s newspaper of record. The Hoya is a twice-weekly student-run paper that prints every Tuesday and Friday and online regularly throughout the year with a print circulation of 6500 during the academic year. The newspaper has four main editorial sections: News Opinion Sports and The Guide a weekly arts and lifestyle magazine.
 The Philadelphia Trumpet is a monthly news and prophecy magazine published by the Philadelphia Church of God (PCG). The editor-in-chief is Gerald Flurry who is also the leader of the PCG and characterizes the magazine as the successor to The Plain Truth magazine when it was under the aegis of the Worldwide Church of God when run by the late Herbert W. Armstrong.
 The Blind Giant is Dancing is a play by Australian playwright Stephen Sewell. It was first published by Currency Press in 1983. It went on to win the 1985 New South Wales Premier's Literary Award.
 Business Recorder is the biggest financial daily in Pakistan and the first such publication to be published in the Muslim world. The publication is owned by the Business Recorder Group which is one of South Asia's preeminent media conglomerates with interests in Television Web Finance and Technology. Business Recorder was established on 17 February 1965 by veteran journalist M.A. Zuberi.
 The European Journal of Social Theory is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers all aspects social theory. The editor-in-chief is Gerard Delanty (University of Sussex). The journal was established in 1998 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Death and the Penguin is a novel by Ukrainian author Andrey Kurkov. Originally published in 1996 in Russian (as Смерть постороннего Smert' postoronnego) it was translated and published in English in 2001. It is a bleak satirical work with surreal elements and dark humour and is also credited by The Independent's Lesley Chamberlain as being one of the texts to get Russian literature going again after the post-Soviet hiatus.
 The Last Sin Eater is a 1998 Christian book by the American author Francine Rivers. It deals with the themes of sin guilt and forgiveness and tells about the atonement of Jesus Christ.
 The Ego in Freud's Theory and in the Technique of Psychoanalysis (French original: Le moi dans la théorie de Freud et dans la technique de la psychanalyse) is Book II of the Seminar of French psychoanalyst and psychiatrist Jacques Lacan. The seminar was delivered in 1954-1955. The French text was established by Jacques-Alain Miller in 1978 and translated by Sylvana Tomaselli in 1988.Lacan’s second seminar belongs to the early or classical phase of his teaching.
 Anabasis (/əˈnæbəsɪs/; Ancient Greek: Ἀνάβασις [anábasis]; An Ascent/Going Up) is the most famous work in seven books of the Greek professional soldier and writer Xenophon. The journey it narrates is his best known accomplishment and one of the great adventures in human history as Will Durant expressed the common assessment.
 Flunk Punk Rumble known in Japan as Yankee-kun to Megane-chan (ヤンキー君とメガネちゃん Yankī-kun to Megane-chan) is a manga series written and illustrated by Miki Yoshikawa. The series began as a three-part short story that was later developed into a full series and serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine starting October 18 2006. It ended on May 18 2011 with a total of 211 chapters.
 The Cambridge Archaeological Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal for cognitive and symbolic archaeology published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the McDonald Institute for Archaeological Research. It was established in 1991 and is published triannually.
 The Road to Mars is a 1999 science fiction comedic novel by Eric Idle.
 The Idea of India is a non-fiction book by Sunil Khilnani. It is a comprehensive account of India's economic and political journey from the independence movement to the post-nuclear era from the legacy of Nehru and Gandhi and the shattered world of Partition to the changing socioeconomic values of the present.
 Sunneva Jaarlintytär (Finnish: Sunneva Daughter of the Jarl) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 The Jewish Paradox is a book about Israel authored by Nahum Goldmann.There is also a book of the same title by M. Hirsh Goldberg about Jews.
 Q & A is a novel by Vikas Swarup an Indian diplomat. Published in 2005 it was the author's first novel. Set in India it tells the story of Ram Mohammad Thomas a young waiter who becomes the biggest quiz show winner in history only to be sent to jail on accusations (but with no evidence) that he cheated. In 2008 the book was adapted into the multiple Oscar-winning movie Slumdog Millionaire.
 Brides is an American monthly magazine published by Condé Nast who purchased the magazine in 1959. As with many similar bridal magazines it is designed to be an in-depth resource for brides-to-be with many photographs and articles on wedding dresses cakes ceremonies receptions and honeymoons.
 The St. Nersess Theological Review (abbreviated as SNTR) is an Armenological publication established in 1996 by St. Nersess Armenian Seminary (150 Stratton Rd New Rochelle NY 10804) and published annually (at times with varying frequency). The founding editor was Abraham Terian who ran the journal for many years. Presently the journal is edited by Roberta R. Ervine. SNTR publishes articles about Christianity in the Armenian Church; e.g.
 Book three of four in Stephen Baxter's alternate history and science fiction series Time's Tapestry.
 The Journal of Agrarian Change is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2001 covering agrarian political economy. The journal publishes historical and contemporary studies of the social relations and dynamics of production power relations in agrarian formations and ownership structures and their processes of change.The journal was founded by Henry Bernstein and Terry Byres former editors of the Journal of Peasant Studies.
 For the U.S. law see Stolen Valor Act of 2005.Stolen Valor: How the Vietnam Generation Was Robbed of its Heroes and its History is a self-published book by B.G. Burkett & Glenna Whitley which asserts both that there is a popular view of Vietnam War veterans as broken men and psychopaths and that this view is false. In addition the book purports to document wannabes: people lying about Vietnam experience often when they had never been there. B.G.
 The Rising Nepal is daily newspaper published by Gorkhapatra of Nepal. This newspaper is in English language.
 The Gorey Guardian is a local newspaper published once per week (every Wednesday) in County Wexford Ireland. It is published in colour.
 Skavenslayer by William King is the second volume in the Gotrek and Felix series in the Warhammer Fantasy universe. It was first published in 1999 and a second edition was released in 2003.
 Christy (released in 1967) is a historical fiction novel by Christian author Catherine Marshall set in the fictional Appalachian village of Cutter Gap Tennessee in 1912. The novel was inspired by the story of the journey made by her own mother Leonora Whitaker to teach the impoverished children in the Appalachian region as a young single adult. The novel explores faith and mountain traditions such as moonshining folk beliefs and folk medicine.
 Michaelmas (1977) is a science fiction novel by Algis Budrys.
 The Journal of Finance is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Finance Association. It was established in 1946. Its current editor-in-chief is Kenneth Singleton (Stanford University). The Journal of Finance the Review of Financial Studies and the Journal of Financial Economics are considered the three most prestigious finance journals.
 Marnie is an English novel first published in 1961 which was written by Winston Graham. It is about a young woman who makes a living by embezzling from her employers moving on and changing her identity. She is finally caught in the act by one of her employers a young widower named Mark Rutland who blackmails her into marriage.
 The Wish is a 2000 children's novel by Gail Carson Levine the Newbery Honor winning author of Ella Enchanted. The novel tells the story of Wilma who wishes to be the most popular girl in her school forgetting that she will graduate in three weeks.
 The Heathen in his Blindness...: Asia the West and the Dynamic of Religion was first published in 1994 by E. J. Brill. A second (hardcover) edition of the book was published in 2005 by Manohar books. A third (paperback) edition came out in 2012 published by the Manohar books. This much discussed book is about religion culture and cultural difference.
 This Is Our Year is a 2011 book by journalist Declan Bogue.
 The Search for WondLa is a children's science fiction fantasy novel by Tony DiTerlizzi published in 2010. It is the first book of the WondLa series. The website dedicated to the book has an innovative section which interacts with the book's illustrations via webcam.
 The Waste Land is a long poem written by T.S. Eliot. It is widely regarded as one of the most important poems of the 20th century and a central text in Modernist poetry. Published in 1922 the 434-line poem first appeared in the United Kingdom in the October issue of The Criterion and in the United States in the November issue of The Dial. It was published in book form in December 1922.
 The Gaelic Journal (Irish: Irisleabhar na Gaedhilge) was a periodical publication exclusively devoted to the preservation and cultivation of the Irish Language. According to Tomas O Flannghaile it was the first journal devoted to the living Irish language. It has been described by the historian Donnchadh Ó Corráin as the first important bilingual Irish periodical.
 Zorry Kid is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Benito Jacovitti.The comics debuted in 1968 published in the children magazine Il Corriere dei Piccoli; it was later published by the comic magazine Il Giornalino until 1990.A series of animation shorts was realized in 1969 for Carosello.The comic consists in a surreal and zany parody of Zorro.Several anthological books and collections were published over the years.
 PCQuest is an Indian technology publication and part of the Cyber Media group of publications that also publish Dataquest.Founded in 1982 the magazine was originally called PC World[citation needed] and was one of the earliest technology magazines published in India. In 1992 the magazine was renamed to PC Quest (nowTemplate:As of? PCQuest without the space).
 An Examination of the Work of Herbert Quain (original Spanish title: Examen de la obra de Herbert Quain) is a 1941 short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. It was included in the anthology Ficciones part one (The Garden of Forking Paths). The title has also been translated as A Survey of the Works of Herbert Quain.
 The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy is a book by John Mearsheimer Professor of Political Science at the University of Chicago and Stephen Walt Professor of International Relations at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University published in late August 2007. It was a New York Times Best Seller.The book describes the lobby as a loose coalition of individuals and organizations who actively work to steer U.S. foreign policy in a pro-Israel direction.
 The News International (ISSN 1563-9479) published in broadsheet size is the largest English language newspaper in Pakistan. The News has an ABC certified circulation of 140000. It is published from Karachi Lahore and Rawalpindi/Islamabad.
 Breath is the twentieth book and the eighth novel by Australian novelist Tim Winton. His first novel in seven years it was published in 2008 in Australia New Zealand the United Kingdom the United States of America Canada the Netherlands and Germany.
 Pyongyang Sinmun (Pyongyang News) is a North Korean newspaper founded on 1 June 1957 by Kim Il-sung. It launched an online version on 1 January 2005. It is published by the Workers' Party of Korea Pyongyang Municipal Committee six times per week under the editorship of Song Rak Gyun.
 Forging the Sword is a fantasy novel written by American author Hilari Bell. It is the third and final book in the Farsala trilogy. It follows the adventures of Jiaan Kavi and Soraya as the try to regain control of their country from the invading Hrum empire.
 Hocus Bogus (French: Pseudo) is a 1976 novel by the French writer Romain Gary published under the pseudonym Émile Ajar. The book was written after Paul Pavlowitch the son of Gary's cousin had been presented as the man behind the pseudonym Ajar.
 Radiant Doors is a science fiction short story published in 1998 by Michael Swanwick. It was the winner of the 1999 Asimov’s Reader Poll and was nominated for the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Short Story as well as the 2000 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 The Journal of Cardiovascular Electrophysiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research about the study and management of cardiac arrhythmia. It was established in 1983 with Douglas Zipes as the founding editor-in-chief (1990–2004). The current editor-in-chief is Eric Prystowsky (2004–present). The journal was originally published by Futura Publishing which became Blackwell Futura and is now Wiley-Blackwell.
 Planar Handbook is an optional supplemental source book for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game.
 The Electronic Journal of Combinatorics is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in combinatorial mathematics.The journal was established in 1994 by Herbert Wilf (University of Pennsylvania) and Neil Calkin (Georgia Institute of Technology).According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal had a 2011 impact factor of 0.638.
 Appalachian Heritage is a literary quarterly dedicated to illuminating the Southern Appalachian Region. The magazine publishes art poetry fiction creative non-fiction and book reviews.
 Sports Health: A Multidisciplinary Approach is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of sports medicine. Its editor-in-chief is Edward M. Wojtys (University of Michigan). The journal was established in 2009 and is currently published by Sage Publications in association with the American Orthopedic Society for Sports Medicine.
 The Politics of Individualism: Liberalism Liberal Feminism and Anarchism is a 1993 political science book by L. Susan Brown. She begins by noting that liberalism and anarchism seem at times to share common components but on other occasions are in direct opposition to one another. She argues that what they have in common is existential individualism the belief in freedom for freedom's sake.
 Delayed Gratification is a quarterly magazine published in the United Kingdom by The Slow Journalism Company. The magazine is described as an antidote to throwaway media and its slogan is 'last to breaking news'. The first issue was published in January 2011. The publishers say each issue will feature daily summaries for the quarter covered plus feature-length articles cartoons and infographics on the biggest stories of the period.
 For other philosophical literature by the same name see On Nature (disambiguation).On Nature was a philosophical poem which details Anaximander's theories about the evolution of the Earth plants animals and humankind. Anaximander described his theory that humans and other animals descended from fish once the world's oceans began to dry up. Also he described a theory of abiogenesis in his book in the way that he believed that the first life forms formed from mist.
 Bageye at the Wheel is a novel by British author Colin Grant giving a semi-autobiographical account of 1970's Luton through the portrayal of the lead character Clinton 'Bageye' Grant. The story itself is one of observation of a period whereby a provincial town of immigrants (a mixture of Irish Asian and Caribbean) and their larger families congregate yet try to assimilate into a British culture which hadn't yet been accustomed to diversity among ethnicities.
 Al-Qabas (Arabic: القبس‎) (English: The Firebrand) is an Arabic daily Kuwaiti newspaper published by Dār al-Qabas lil-ṣaḥāfah wa al-ṭibāʿah wa al-nashr.
 The Legend of the Emerald Lady is a book in the Nancy Drew mystery series by Carolyn Keene. It was released in paperback on May 1 2000. In the book Nancy solves a mystery on the Caribbean island of St. Ann.
 The Little Dog Laughed is a 2006 comedy play by Douglas Carter Beane.The four characters are an actor Mitchell his acerbic agent Diane a hustler named Alex and Alex's girlfriend Ellen. When Mitchell and Alex become involved in a physical relationship Diane is concerned that what she describes as Mitchell's slight recurring case of homosexuality will derail his career before it gets started.The play originally was produced off-Broadway at the Second Stage Theatre.
 The Journal of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology was founded in 2003 and is published by Imperial College Press. The journal covers analysis of cellular information especially in the technical aspect.
 Hippolytus (Ancient Greek: Ἱππόλυτος Hippolytos) is an Ancient Greek tragedy by Euripides based on the myth of Hippolytus son of Theseus. The play was first produced for the City Dionysia of Athens in 428 BC and won first prize as part of a trilogy.Euripides first treated the myth in Hippolytos Kalyptomenos (Ἱππόλυτος καλυπτόμενος – Hippolytus Veiled) now lost.
 Cannery Row is a novel by American author John Steinbeck published in 1945. It is set during the Great Depression in Monterey California on a street lined with sardine canneries that is known as Cannery Row.
 The Austral Entomology (formerly Australian Journal of Entomology) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley on behalf of the Australian Entomological Society. The editor-in-chief is Dr MF Braby.
 She Died is a comic series written by HaveYouSeenThisGirl and illustrated by Enjelicious. Its plot centers on an angel Eris Jane Trinidad who has a mission to change the rebel Eros Magdayo in a month so that she can live again.
 The Red King and the Witch: Gypsy Folk and Fairy Tales is a 1965 anthology of 25 tales that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders.This book was first published in the United Kingdom in 1964 by Oxford University Press.
 Redemption Ark is a 2002 hard science fiction space opera novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds. It is the second book in the Revelation Space series (the third including Chasm City a standalone story) and it continues the story of Nevil Clavain begun in the short stories Great Wall of Mars and Glacial. The novel was named Best Science Fiction Novel of the Year by Chronicle magazine.
 The Book of Philip K. Dick is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by DAW Books in 1973. The book was subsequently published in the United Kingdom by Coronet in 1977 under the title The Turning Wheel and Other Stories. The stories had originally appeared in the magazines Startling Stories Science Fiction Stories Galaxy Science Fiction Orbit Science Fiction Imaginative Tales and Amazing Stories.
 The Christmas Tree is Irish author Jennifer Johnston's sixth novel first published in 1981 by Hamish Hamilton. It has been suggested by The Irish Times as being her finest work and was chosen by the Irish Independent to be published as one of the books its Irish Women Writers collection. It is one of U.S. writer Lionel Shriver's favourite books and was adapted for television in 1986.
 The Hillsboro Argus is a twice-weekly newspaper in the city of Hillsboro Oregon. Published on Wednesdays and Fridays the Argus is distributed in Washington County Oregon United States. First published in 1873 the paper was owned by the McKinney family for more than 90 years prior to being sold to Advance Publications in 1999.
 Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials is a 1979 science fiction book by artist Wayne Barlowe with Ian Summers and Beth Meacham (who provided the text). It contains his visualizations of different extraterrestrial life forms from various works of science fiction with information on their planetary location or range biology and behaviors in the style of a real field guide for animals such as Roger Tory Peterson's guide to birds of North America.
 Impossible is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in March 2005. The book is Steel's sixty-fifth novel.
 Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research and review articles on any aspect of physical chemistry chemical physics and biophysical chemistry. It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry on behalf of eighteen participating societies.
 The Journal of Legal Pluralism (formerly African Law Studies) is a peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on all aspects of legal pluralism and unofficial law anywhere in the world and at any time.It is published biannually by LIT Verlag in cooperation with the Foundation for the Journal of Legal Pluralism. The journal's editor-in-chief is Melanie G. Wiber (University of New Brunswick).
 Changeling is a 1980 fantasy novel by Roger Zelazny. It was nominated for a Locus Award in 1981 and was followed by a sequel Madwand.
 Britain's Road to Socialism is the programme of the Communist Party of Britain (CPB) and is adhered to by the Young Communist League and the editors of the Morning Star newspaper.The document was first published in February 1951 as The British Road to Socialism and was the programme of the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB) the precursor to the CPB. Since then it has gone through revisions in 1952 1958 1968 1977 and 1989.
 Blood Hunt is a 1995 crime novel by Ian Rankin under the pseudonym Jack Harvey. It is the third novel he wrote under this name.
 The Journal of Biomedical Materials Research Part B: Applied Biomaterials is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons. It covers design development production and application of biomaterials and medical devices. Publishing formats are original research papers short reports reviews current concepts special reports and editorials.
 Frank Talk was a political magazine established in 1984 in South Africa and arising out of the student-led anti-apartheid movement of the 1970s and 80s.
 March Comes in Like a Lion (3月のライオン Sangatsu no Raion lit. March Lion; alternatively called Sangatsu no Lion or 3gatsu no Lion; officially translated as March Comes in Like a Lion) is an ongoing manga series by Chica Umino best known for Honey and Clover. It began serialization in Hakusensha's seinen manga magazine Young Animal from its fourteenth issue in 2007 (published on July 13 2007).
 Poésies is an 1887 poetry collection by the French writer Stéphane Mallarmé.
 Forlorn River is a Western novel written by Zane Grey first published in 1927.
 Ramanan (Malayalam: രമണന്‍) is the most celebrated work of Malayalam poet Changampuzha Krishna Pillai. It is a play written in the form of verse. It is a pastoral elegy written after the death of his friend Edappally Raghavan Pillai. Written in 1936 it is the bestseller of Malayalam literature. Changampuzha's Ramanan became such a big hit the Kerala University prescribed it as a text book in Malayalam literature class.
 Your Spaceflight Manual is a non-fiction book by David Ashford and Patrick Collins that investigates the possibility of a future space tourism industry. It was first published in 1990. The book contains analysis of the costs and benefits the potential market and the safety factors of space tourism and gives rough designs for the types of space vehicles and stations that would become necessary to support a full-fledged space tourism industry.
 Lady Gaga: Queen of Pop is a biography of American recording artist Lady Gaga written by Emily Herbert (pen name for Virginia Blackburn) and published in the United Kingdom by John Blake Publishing Ltd. It was published by Overlook Press in the United States with the title Lady Gaga: Behind the Fame. Additional versions under the title Lady Gaga: Queen of Pop were published in 2010 by Wilkinson Publishing of Melbourne in Australia and by Gardners Books in the United Kingdom.
 The Assisi Underground: The Priests Who Rescued Jews is a 1978 novel written by Alexander Ramati based on a true-life account told by Father Rufino Niccacci of events surrounding the Assisi Network an effort to hide 300 Jews in the town of Assisi Italy during World War II.
 The Children's War is a 2001 alternate history novel by J.N. Stroyar. It is was followed by the sequel A Change of Regime. The book was the long form winner of the Sidewise Award for Alternate History in 2001.
 The Campus Chronicle was a student-operated tabloid at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. It is published weekly during the calendar semester. The Chronicle operated with funding from the state and ceased publication in 2003 during statewide budget cuts.
 The Golden Notebook is a 1962 novel by Doris Lessing. This book as well as the couple that followed it enters the realm of what Margaret Drabble in The Oxford Companion to English Literature has called Lessing's inner space fiction her work that explores mental and societal breakdown.
 The Lancet is a weekly peer-reviewed general medical journal. It is one of the world's oldest and best known general medical journals and has been described as one of the most prestigious medical journals in the world.
 Dragon Age: The Calling is a fantasy novel written by David Gaider based on the role-playing video game franchise Dragon Age and was released October 13 2009. It is a sequel to Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne and a prequel to Dragon Age: Origins published earlier the same year. The novel is set approximately fourteen years after the events of The Stolen Throne and focuses on King Maric Theirin a young Duncan and the Grey Wardens.
 First Monday is an open-access electronic peer-reviewed scientific journal for articles about the Internet.
 Eagle: The Making of an Asian-American President (イーグル Īguru) is a political seinen manga by Kaiji Kawaguchi serialized in Big Comic a manga magazine published by Shogakukan. Its plot following a Japanese American senator as he runs for president of the United States was thoroughly researched by Kawaguchi during months of travel in the US.[citation needed]
 The Australian Journal of Chemistry an international multidisciplinary journal for the chemical sciences is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original primary research and review articles on all aspects of chemistry. The Journal includes inter alia synthesis structure new materials macromolecules and polymers supramolecular chemistry analytical natural products biological and medicinal chemistry nanotechnology and surface chemistry.
 Freaks: Alive on the Inside (2006) is a fantasy romance and adventure novel by Annette Curtis Klause.
 La fête des masques is a book by Togolese author Sami Tchak. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 2004.
 Chinese Courier was an English-language newspaper in Canton China in the 19th century. It was printed every week.
 Bobos in Paradise: The New Upper Class and How They Got There ISBN 0-684-85378-7 is a book by David Brooks first published in 2000.
 Green Car Journal is a quarterly publication created in 1992 that focuses on green vehicles and environmentally friendly energy and technologies.
 Conan the Buccaneer is a 1971 fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Lancer Books and has been reprinted a number of times since by various publishers. It has also been translated into German Japanese Spanish Swedish and Dutch.
 Jornal Horizonte (Portuguese meaning the Horizon Journal) is a weekly Cape Verdean newspaper that covers the top stories in the archipelago and local stories from each island. Expresso das Ilhas is located in the Cape Verdean capital city of Praia and is one of the most circulated newspapers and dailies in Cape Verde.[citation needed] It was founded in 1988.
 The Removers is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1961. It was the third novel featuring Hamilton's creation counter-agent and assassin Matt Helm.
 The Homo Handbook: Getting in Touch with Your Inner Homo: A Survival Guide for Lesbians and Gay Men was published in 1996 by Simon & Schuster's Fireside Books imprint. Written by comedian Judy Carter the self-help book for the LGBTQ community was the 1996 winner of the Lambda Literary Award for Best Humor Book. The book is a humorous guidebook that addresses issues such as coming out dating and dealing with discrimination.
 Silvery Savior: Fist of the North Star Toki Side-Story (銀の聖者　北斗の拳　トキ外伝 Shirogane no Seija - Hokuto no Ken - Toki Gaiden) is a manga by Yuka Nagate that was published on the Weekly Comic Bunch from 2007 throughout 2009 lasting six collected editions. It is the third spinoff of the manga Fist of the North Star by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara published in Comic Bunch following Ten no Haō and Sōkoku no Garō.
 Oscar and Lucinda is a novel by Australian author Peter Carey which won the 1988 Booker Prize the 1989 Miles Franklin Award and was shortlisted for The Best of the Booker.
 Red Rabbit (2002) is a New York Times bestselling novel by Tom Clancy. It incorporates the 1981 plot to assassinate Pope John Paul II.The abridged book on CD released in 2002 was read by Dennis Boutsikaris.The unabridged book on CD released in 2002 was read by Derrick Hagon.
 The Scotsman is a Scottish compact newspaper published from Edinburgh. It was a broadsheet until 16 August 2004. Its sister publication the Sunday newspaper Scotland on Sunday remains a broadsheet. The Scotsman Publications Ltd also issues the Edinburgh Evening News and the Herald & Post series of free newspapers in Edinburgh Fife and West Lothian.As of November 2012 it had an audited print circulation of 28500 down from 35949 in 2012 (Jan - Aug average) and 42581 in August 2011.
 78 Tage auf der Straße des Hasses (78 Days on the Street of Hate) is a German comic in manga style written and illustrated by David Füleki and first published by Delfinium Prints in 2008.
 The Best Ye Breed is a science fiction novella by Dallas McCord Mack Reynolds. In terms of plot it is the third in a sequence of near-future stories set in North Africa which also includes Black Man's Burden (1961-2) Border Breed nor Birth (1962) and Black Sheep Astray (1973). The Best Ye Breed and the North Africa series have been called a notable exception to the indirect treatment of racial issues in 1960s science fiction magazines.
 'Gold Eagle Guy was a 1934 Broadway five scene drama written by Melvin Levy produced by the Group Theatre with D. A. Doran Jr. staged by Lee Strasberg choreography by Helen Tamiris with scenic design by Donald Oenslager and costume design by Kay Morrison. It ran for 65 performances from November 28 1934 to January 1935 at the Morosco Theatre.
 The Journal of Music Theory is a peer-reviewed academic journal specializing in music theory and analysis. It was established by David Kraehenbuehl (Yale University) in 1957.According to its website [t]he Journal of Music Theory fosters conceptual and technical innovations in abstract systematic musical thought and cultivates the historical study of musical concepts and compositional techniques.
 The Toronto Evening Telegram was a conservative broadsheet afternoon newspaper published in Toronto from 1876 to 1971. It had a reputation for supporting the Conservative Party at both the federal and provincial level. The paper competed with the liberal Toronto Star. The Tely strongly supported Canada's imperial connection with Britain as late as the 1960s.
 The Texas Tribune is a nonprofit media organization in Texas in the United States. Headquartered in downtown Austin Texas it is devoted to increasing knowledge and participation in state government and public policy. It aims to promote civic engagement through original explanatory journalism and public events.
 A Man For All Seasons is a play by Robert Bolt. An early form of the play had been written for BBC Radio in 1954 and a one-hour live television version starring Bernard Hepton was produced in 1957 by the BBC but after Bolt's success with The Flowering Cherry he reworked it for the stage.It was first performed in London opening at the Globe Theatre (now Gielgud Theatre) on 1 July 1960. It later found its way to Broadway enjoying a critically and commercially successful run of over a year.
 Eve's Ransom is a novel by George Gissing first published in 1895 as a serialisation in the Illustrated London News. It features the story of a mechanical draughtsman named Maurice Hilliard who comes into some money which enables him to live without working. As part of his resulting travels he meets and falls in love with Eve Madeley a book keeper.Eve's Ransom was published in a single-volume edition immediately after the conclusion of its serialisation which was unusual at the time.
 The Peru Tribune is a daily newspaper that began publishing on April 16 1921. The newspaper reports on local news community events and sports. The Paxton Media Group bought the Peru Tribune and its sister paper the Wabash Plain Dealer in 1998.The Peru Tribune has won multiple awards for writing advertising circulation editing photography and typography.
 M Is for Magic is a collection of child-friendly short fiction by Neil Gaiman.The stories and poems were selected from previously published works with the exception of The Witch's Headstone which is an excerpt from the later-published novel The Graveyard Book and are: The Case Of The Four And Twenty Blackbirds (first published in Knave) Troll Bridge (first published in Smoke and Mirrors) Don't Ask Jack (first published in Smoke and Mirrors) How To Sell The Ponti Bridge (first published in Imagine #24) October In The Chair (first published in Conjunctions) Chivalry (first published in Smoke and Mirrors) The Price (first published in Smoke and Mirrors) How to Talk to Girls at Parties (first published in Fragile Things) Sunbird (first published in Noisy Outlaws) The Witch's Headstone (first published in Dark Alchemy: Magical Tales from the Masters of Modern Fantasy) Instructions (first published in Wolf at the Door)All the stories also appeared in Coraline and Other Stories (2007) published by Bloomsbury in the UK.
 One Fine Day is a book by Nonny Hogrogian. Released by Macmillan it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1972.
 A collection of interviews originally published in Primo Levi: Converzsazioni e interviste.
 Historical Studies in the Natural Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by University of California Press on behalf of the Office for History of Science and Technology (University of California Berkeley).
 Tales from Silver Lands is a book by Charles Finger that won the Newbery Medal in 1925.The book is a collection of nineteen folktales of the native populations of Central and South America including a just-so story describing how rabbits and rats got their tails.
 Professor Mamlock is a theater play written by Friedrich Wolf in 1933. Portraying the hardships a Jewish doctor named Hans Mamlock experiences under the Hitler regime it is one of the earliest works dealing with Nazi antisemitism.
 The Del Rio News-Herald is a daily newspaper published in Del Rio Texas covering Val Verde County. It is owned by Southern Newspapers Inc.The newspaper has a daily circulation of 10400 and a Sunday circulation of 13500 newspapers.
 The Romantic Dogs (Los perros románticos in Spanish) is a collection of poems by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño. It was published in 2006. The bilingual edition with English translations by Laura Healy was published by New Directions in 2008.These 43 poems span nearly twenty years from 1980 to 1998 embracing a wide variety of topics. Bolaño's obsession with detectives is evident in several poems but the collection suggests other preoccupations as in the poem Godzilla in Mexico.
 Chōyaku Hyakunin Isshu: Uta Koi (超訳百人一首 うた恋い) is a historical Josei manga written and illustrated by Kei Sugita and published by Media Factory. An anime adaptation by TYO Animations began airing in July 2012.Uta Koi is a super liberal interpretation of the Hyakunin isshu anthology of 100 romantic poems by 100 poets compiled during the Heian period.
 Praetorian (2011) is the eleventh book in the Eagle series by Simon Scarrow.
 Electronic Markets The International Journal on Networked Business is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the implications of information systems on electronic commerce. It was established in 1991 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editors-in-chief are Rainer Alt (Leipzig University) and Hubert Österle (University of St. Gallen).
 The Broadford Courier was a weekly newspaper published in the town of Broadford Victoria Australia between 1891 and 1978. Founded by J. M. Harcourt of Bendigo its first issue was published on 28 February 1891 under the name Broadford Courier and Reedy Creek times. On 3 August 1894 J. E. Fenton became editor of the newspaper a role he held for ten years. In 1904 William McDonald bought the paper and property from the widow of J. M. Harcourt.
 Crest of the Stars (星界の紋章 Seikai no Monshō) is a three-volume space opera science fiction novel written by Hiroyuki Morioka with cover illustrations by Toshihiro Ono. Beginning in 1999 the novels were adapted into anime series the first of which ran for 13 episodes on WOWOW.
 Australasian Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychiatry. The journal's editor is Professor Garry Walter. It is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists.
 Tideland is the third published book by author Mitch Cullin and is the third installment of the writer's Texas Trilogy that also includes the coming-of-age novel Whompyjawed and the novel-in-verse Branches.The story is a first-person narrative told by the young Jeliza-Rose detailing the summer she spent alone at an isolated rundown farmhouse in Texas called What Rocks.
 Hellboy: Darkness Calls is a comic book limited series created by Mike Mignola published by Dark Horse Comics starring Hellboy.
 The Woman in Black is a 1983 horror novella by Susan Hill written in the style of a traditional Gothic novel. The plot concerns a mysterious spectre that haunts a small English town heralding the death of children. A television film based on the story also called The Woman in Black was produced in 1989 with a screenplay by Nigel Kneale. In 2012 a film adaptation of the same name was released starring Daniel Radcliffe.
 Pedro Páramo is a short novel written by Juan Rulfo about a man named Juan Preciado who travels to his recently deceased mother's hometown Comala to find his father only to come across a literal ghost town─populated that is by spectral figures. Initially the novel met with cool critical reception and sold only two thousand copies during the first four years; later however the book became highly acclaimed.
 Consent of the Networked: The Worldwide Struggle for Internet Freedom is a book written by Rebecca MacKinnon and released in 2012. It discusses internet censorship and the ways in which companies which manage internet communication are assuming responsibilities formerly held by governments.
 The Good Neighbour — was a monthly bulletin in newspaper broadsheet format issued by the News & Information Bureau Australian Department of Immigration to assist immigrants to Australia.Printed on buff-coloured paper it contained 8 pages of news about and advice for new immigrants to Australia as well as photos connected with migrants. It was published from August 1950 (No. 1) to October 1969 (No. 189).
 The Pirate is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson that first appeared in the October 1968 issue of Analog. The Pirate was a prequel to the earlier Psychotechnic League novel Star Ways (later retitled The Peregrine) and was the last story in the Psychotechnic series to be published. The story was included in the 1975 collection Homeward and Beyond and the 1982 collection Starship and the timeline from the latter collection places the story in the year 3115.
 Homegrown is a play about a friendship between a terrorist suspect and a writer.It is based on the actual friendship that developed between Toronto writer Catherine Frid and Shareef Abdelhaleem who was arrested with 17 other Muslims from the Greater Toronto Area.According to Theatre critic Richard Ouzounian the Prime Minister's Office warned the public that the play presented a sympathetic portrayal of a terrorist—before the play had been performed.David Akin an Ottawa based political reporter for the Toronto Sun described the play as being important enough to justify traveling from Ottawa to Toronto for the play's premiere.The Washington Times republished one of Akin's articles on the play.According to Michael Wheeler a prominent Canadian playwright Akin broke ranks with the rest of the Parliamentary press gallery when he asked the Prime Minister about Homegrown. 
 The International Journal of Uncertainty Fuzziness and Knowledge-Based Systems was founded in 1993 and is published bimonthly by World Scientific. It covers research on methodologies for the management of uncertainty. Topics include expositions on methods such as Bayesian and probabilistic methods nonstandard logic as well as applications such as in image processing conflict resolution and databases.
 Off the Main Sequence: The Other Science Fiction Stories of Robert A. Heinlein (ISBN 1-58288-184-7) is a collection of 27 Robert A. Heinlein short stories including three that Heinlein never collected in book form.The title is a play on the astronomy concept off the main sequence.
 The Melbourne Historical Journal (MHJ) is a peer-reviewed academic journal for postgraduate history research based at the University of Melbourne. It is the oldest student-run academic journal in Australia providing a venue for work by emerging scholars in Australia and Aotearoa/New Zealand. It accepts original research articles and book reviews written by postgraduates and commissions feature articles by established academics.
 Folha Egipciense is a Brazilian newspaper published in the city of São José do Egito. The average weekly circulation in 2012 was 1.200 copies.
 Immortality (Czech: Nesmrtelnost) is a novel in seven parts written by Milan Kundera in 1988 in Czech. First published 1990 in French. English edition 345 p. translation by Peter Kussi. This novel springs from a casual gesture of a woman seemingly to her swimming instructor. Immortality is the last of a trilogy that includes The Book Of Laughter And Forgetting and The Unbearable Lightness Of Being.
 The Adventures of the Dish and the Spoon is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Mini Grey published by Jonathan Cape in 2006.
 Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair known in Japan as Super Danganronpa 2: Sayonara Zetsubō Gakuen (スーパーダンガンロンパ2 さよなら絶望学園 lit. Super Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair Academy) is a murder mystery visual novel game developed by Spike Chunsoft. It is the second game in the Danganronpa series following the 2010 video game Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc. The game was originally released in Japan for the PlayStation Portable on July 26 2012.
 Beyond The Shadows is a fantasy novel written by Brent Weeks and is the third novel in The Night Angel Trilogy.
 The Act of Roger Murgatroyd: An Entertainment is a whodunit by Gilbert Adair first published in 2006.
 One Day in My Life is an autobiographical novel written by Bobby Sands while serving a fourteen-year sentence at Long Kesh for possession of a gun as a member of the Irish Republican Army. The novel was originally written on toilet paper with a biro refill... hidden inside Sands' own body during the winter of 1979. and first published in 1983.
 Cartel: The Coming Invasion of Mexico's Drug Wars is a non-fiction book about the Mexican Drug War written by Sylvia Longmire an independent consultant freelance writer and former Air Force captain. In her book Longmire gives an overview of Mexico's drug war and describes the impact it has on the United States' national security.
 Tom Corbett is the main character in a series of Tom Corbett — Space Cadet stories that were depicted in television radio books comic books comic strips and other media in the 1950s.The stories followed the adventures of Corbett Astro originally Roger Manning and later T.J. Thistle cadets at the Space Academy as they train to become members of the Solar Guard.
 Agapē Agape is a novel by William Gaddis. Published posthumously in 2002 by Viking with an afterword by Joseph Tabbi Agapē Agape was Gaddis' fifth and final novel.
 Perspectives on Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering political science. It was established in 2003 and is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the American Political Science Association. The editor-in-chief is Jeffrey C. Isaac (Indiana University Bloomington); the founding editor was Jennifer Hochschild.
 Endless Night is a crime fiction novel by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 30 October 1967 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company the following year. The UK edition retailed at eighteen shillings (18/-) and the US edition at $4.95. It was one of her favourites of her own works and received some of the warmest critical notices of her career upon publication.
 JVibe was a bimonthly magazine for Jewish teens aged 12–18 published by a company called JFL Media between 2004 and 2009. Lack of funds forced the publisher to close down all activities in October 2009 including the publication of JVibe.
 Zombies: A Record of the Year of Infection is a 2009 apocalyptic horror illustrated novel written by Don Roff and illustrated by Chris Lane. The cover indicates the book is a compilation of the field notes of Dr. Robert Twombly a survivor of a wave of untraceable infections that sweep the world turning the dead into zombies. The book is written as a journal of the protagonist forward dated to 2012.
 Podkayne of Mars is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein originally serialised in Worlds of If (November 1962 January March 1963) and published in hardcover in 1963.
 The Pretenders is a 1962 historical novel written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José. It is the second to the last novel composing José’s series known as The Rosales Saga.
 All the King's Horses is a play written by Irish-born journalist and playwright John McDonnell in 1961.The play takes its title from the nursery rhyme Humpty Dumpty.The plot concerns an elderly Irish woman Kate Houlihan who dies and leaves her fortune equally between her two nephews Michael and William. Michael is a Southern Irish Republican and William is a Northern Irish Orangeman. To inherit the fortune Michael and William must spend a month in peace in Kate's cottage.
 The New Rebellion is a 1996 bestselling fictional Star Wars novel written by Kristine Kathryn Rusch and published by Bantam Spectra. The novel is set thirteen years after the Battle of Endor in the Star Wars Expanded Universe.
 Garin's uncanny file (Thai: การิน ปริศนาคดีอาถรรพ์) is a Thai comic series written byAii and illustrated byBlack Tohfu . It was originally serialized in Thailand by Punica Publishing.Garin's uncanny file phenomenon created within one month of sales released and published in Malaysia as FaIL aNEH GaRIN
 Der Taucher (The Diver) is a ballad by Friedrich Schiller written in 1797 the year of his friendly ballad competition with Goethe.
 The Red Rover is a novel by American writer James Fenimore Cooper originally published in Paris on November 27 1827. It was published in London 3 days later on November 30 and was not published in the United States until January 9 1828 in Philadelphia. Soon after its publication it was adapted for theater both in the United States and in England.
 The 'Nam was a war comic book series detailing the U.S. War in Vietnam from the perspective of active-duty soldiers involved in the conflict. It was written by Doug Murray initially illustrated by Michael Golden edited by Larry Hama and published by Marvel Comics for seven years beginning in 1986 which was originally intended to roughly parallel the analogous events of the period of major American military involvement in Vietnam from 1966 to 1972.
 Odd Apocalypse (2012) is the fifth thriller novel in the Odd Thomas series by American writer Dean Koontz.
 TV Quick was a British weekly television listing magazine published by H Bauer Publishing the UK subsidiary of family-run German company Bauer Media Group. It featured weekly TV listings running from Saturday to Friday and began publication in March 1991 following deregulation of the UK listing magazine market.The magazine had its own annual awards ceremony the TV Quick Awards awarded on the basis of a public vote by readers of TV Quick and its sister publication TV Choice.
 Water Resources Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Geophysical Union covering research in the social and natural sciences of water. The editor-in-chief is Alberto Montanari (University of Bologna).According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.149.
 Your Heart Belongs to Me is a novel by science fiction/horror writer Dean Koontz. The plot revolves around Ryan Perry who receives a heart transplant.From the #1 New York Times bestselling master of suspense comes a riveting thriller that probes the deepest terrors of the human psyche—and the ineffable mystery of what truly makes us who we are.
 Legal Rites is a fantasy short story by Isaac Asimov originally published in the September 1950 issue of Weird Tales and included in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. It is a fantasy rather than science fiction tale and based on an idea from his friend the author/agent/writer Fred Pohl. Asimov was unable to sell the story and gave it to Pohl who rewrote it (under the nom de plume of James MacCreigh) and changed the title from 'Legal Rights'.
 Dancer from the Dance is a 1978 novel by Andrew Holleran about gay men in New York City United States.
 Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life Death and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity is a non-fiction book written by Pulitzer Prize-winner Katherine Boo in 2012. It won the National Book Award and the Los Angeles Times Book Prize among many others.The book describes a present-day slum of Mumbai India named Annawadi and located near the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport.
 Blind Willow Sleeping Woman (めくらやなぎと眠る女 Mekurayanagi to nemuru onna) is a collection of 24 short stories by Japanese author Haruki Murakami.The stories contained in the book were written between 1980 and 2005 and published in Japan in various magazines then collections. The contents of this compilation was selected by Murakami and first published in English translation in 2006 (its Japanese counterpart was released later in 2009).
 Dirge (2000) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The full title is sometimes shown as Dirge: Book Two of The Founding of the Commonwealth.
 Land Line Magazine is an American nationally distributed business publication written for professional truckers operating trucks and semi-trailers in for-hire transportation of exempt and regulated commodities.
 The Glasgow Daily Times is a six-day afternoon daily newspaper based in Glasgow Kentucky and covering Barren County. It publishes on weekday afternoons and Sunday mornings. The newspaper is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. (CNHI) based in Birmingham Alabama.The newspaper originated in 1865 as the Glasgow Times weekly newspaper. It became a daily newspaper in 1953.
 Professor Palmboom (literally translated as Professor Palm Tree) is a comic album series written and drawn by Dutch artist Dick Briel. They are illustrated in the ligne claire style. So far three albums have been released and one book. They follow the adventures of Professor Julius Palmboom.
 Classic Motorsports is an American periodical devoted to classic cars classic car restoration and vintage racing. It was established in 1986 and is published six times a year. The magazine’s parent company Motorsport Marketing Inc. based in Holly Hill Florida also publishes Grassroots Motorsports magazine.Classic Motorsports focuses primarily on how enthusiasts of any means can own and enjoy classic automobiles.
 The Journal of Chinese Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of linguistics particularly concerned with all aspects of the Chinese language. It was established in 1973 and is now published twice a year by University of California at Berkeley. The current editor-in-chief is William S-Y. Wang (Chinese University of Hong Kong).
 Misquoting Jesus: The Story Behind Who Changed the Bible and Why is a book by Bart D. Ehrman a New Testament scholar at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The book introduces lay readers to the field of textual criticism of the Bible. Ehrman discusses a number of textual variants that resulted from intentional or accidental manuscript changes during the scriptorium era. The book made it to the New York Times Best Seller list.
 The White Raven is the third novel of the four-part Oathsworn series by Scottish writer of historical fiction Robert Low released on 6 August 2009 through Harper. The novel was well received.
 The Forest and the Fort is an historical novel by the American writer Hervey Allen based upon the Siege of Fort Pitt in 1763. The book was a New York Times bestseller in 1943.Set in colonial Pittsburgh Pennsylvania it is the story of Salatheil Albine who was captured by Native Americans as a child and raised by them and who manages to get back there.
 P.S. Longer Letter Later is an epistolary novel written by Paula Danziger and Ann M. Martin in 1998. It is a novel in letters and is written as a year-long correspondence between two twelve-year-old girls Tara (styled Tara*Starr) and Elizabeth.
 East Liberty is a coming-of-age novel by the American writer Joseph Bathanti. Set in the 1950s and 1960s in the Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Italian-American neighborhood of East Liberty it tells the story of Bobby Renzo who is raised by his unwed mother and who feels called to the Roman Catholic priesthood.
 Bend Not Break: A Life in Two Worlds is a 2012 memoir by Ping Fu with co-author MeiMei Fox. The book tells stories from Fu's life starting with her childhood in China at the dawn of the Cultural Revolution and continuing through her role as co-founder and CEO of Geomagic a 3D graphics software development company in the United States.
 Closer is the third play written by English playwright Patrick Marber. The play was premiered at the Royal National Theatre's Cottesloe Theatre in London in 1997 and made its North American debut at the Music Box Theatre on Broadway on 25 January 1999.
 Line of Fire is a thriller novel by Donald Hamilton.
 Tropic of Cancer is a novel by Henry Miller that has been described as notorious for its candid sexuality and as responsible for the free speech that we now take for granted in literature. It was first published in 1934 by the Obelisk Press in Paris France but this edition was banned in the United States. Its publication in 1961 in the U.S. by Grove Press led to obscenity trials that tested American laws on pornography in the early 1960s. In 1964 the U.S.
 The World of Interiors magazine is published by Condé Nast. The glossy magazine features articles and photographs about interior design.The magazine began as Interiors in 1981. It was founded in London England by Kevin Kelly with Min Hogg as editor. In 1983 the magazine was bought by Condé Nast and it began publishing internationally under the name The World of Interiors. Its current editor is Rupert Thomas.
 Wudai Huiyao (五代會要 Institutions of the Five Dynasties Period) is a Chinese historiography book on the Five Dynasties period (roughly 907–960) of ancient China written by the Song Dynasty chancellor Wang Pu (922–982) who had personally served the last 2 of the 5 dynasties namely the Later Han and the Later Zhou.After collecting as much information on government systems in the chaotic period as he could find he carefully examined the material before compiling it into Wudai Huiyao.
 The Houston Voice originally known as the The Montrose Star was a bi-weekly newspaper published on alternating Wednesdays in Houston Texas. A subsequent newspaper (not by the original owners) is now known as Montrose Star ISSN (2163-050X). The newspaper is targeted to the LGBT community in southeast Texas as well as Austin and San Antonio.
 The AJ Buildings Library is a digital archive run by the Architects Journal magazine. The archive contains over 30000 drawings and photos of the most important architecture of Britain.
 Beautiful Creatures is an American young adult novel written by authors Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl and the first book in the Caster Chronicles series. The book was published on December 1 2009 by Little Brown and Company. In the UK Beautiful Creatures is published by Penguin Books. On January 3 2013 a new edition of the novel was published featuring images from the movie on the cover.
 Silence of the Grave (Icelandic: Grafarþögn) is a crime novel by Icelandic writer Arnaldur Indriðason. Set in Reykjavík the novel forms part of the author's regionally popular Murder Mystery Series which star Detective Erlendur(fr). Originally published in Icelandic in 2001 the English translation by Bernard Scudder in 2005 won the British Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger award for best crime novel of the year.
 Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow or Smilla's Sense of Snow (Danish: Frøken Smillas fornemmelse for sne) is a 1992 novel by Danish author Peter Høeg. It was translated into English by Tiina Nunnally (credited as F. David in the British edition).
 The Coleopterist is a UK-based journal for specialists in coleopterology (the study of beetles).First published in March 1992 it is the successor to the Coleopterist's Newsletter which originally appeared in 1980.
 David Blaize is a novel of school life by English author Edward Frederic Benson. The first edition was published in 1916 by Hodder and Stoughton London.Set in England before the First World War the novel describes David's years at prep school and public school his studies sports and friendships and finally his brush with death when he stops a runaway horse.
 Epitaphs for the Living: Words and Images in the Time of AIDS is a book of photographs (ISBN 0870742892) by [1] published in 1989 by Southern Methodist University Press in Dallas. The photographs are mostly portraits and depict persons infected with AIDS. Underneath each picture is a copy of a handwritten message by the subject either telling an abbreviated version of the story of their illness or expressing thanks to the family and friends who have stood by them.
 Where the Blind Horse Sings is a book written by Kathy Stevens the founder of Catskill Animal Sanctuary. This book chronicles Stevens's experiences in creating one of the country's most successful sanctuaries for abused and neglected farm animals.
 The Beasts of Tarzan is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the third in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. Originally serialized in All-Story Cavalier magazine in 1914 the novel was first published in book form by A. C. McClurg in 1916.
 Memoirs of an Invisible Man is a 1987 science fiction novel by H. F. Saint.
 The Great War and Modern Memory is a book of literary criticism written by Paul Fussell and published in 1975 by Oxford University Press. It describes the literary responses by English participants in World War I to their experiences of combat particularly in trench warfare. The perceived futility and insanity of this conduct became for many gifted Englishmen of their generation a metaphor for life.
 The Fern Tattoo is a 2007 novel by the Australian author David Brooks.
 Cosmetics International is a beauty products trade magazine published fortnightly by Communications International Group.The magazine claims to have been in print for over 30 years.
 Cardiovascular Diabetology is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering the intersection of cardiology and diabetology meaning the connection between diabetes metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. It is published by BioMed Central and was established in 2002 with Enrique Fisman (Tel-Aviv University) and Alexander Tenenbaum (Sheba Medical Center) as founding editors-in-chief. Articles are published online immediately upon acceptance rather than in issues.
 The Workplace Health & Safety: Promoting Environments Conducive to Well-Being and Productivity formerly AAOHN Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed nursing journal and the official of the American Association of Occupational Health Nurses. It covers the field of occupational and environmental health nursing. It is edited by Joy E. Wachs.
 The Journal of Systems and Control Engineering Part I of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research in systems and control studies. The journal was first published in 1991 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 Invasive Procedures (2007) is a medical thriller by Orson Scott Card and screenwriter Aaron Johnston. This novel was based on the short story Malpractice by Card which first appeared in Analog in 1977.
 The Tragic Muse is a novel by Henry James first published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1889-1890 and then as a book in 1890. This wide cheerful panorama of English life follows the fortunes of two would-be artists: Nick Dormer who vacillates between a political career and his efforts to become a painter and Miriam Rooth an actress striving for artistic and commercial success. A huge cast of supporting characters help and hinder their pursuits.
 The Edinburgh Middle East Report (Arabic: تقرير الشرق الأوسط ادنبورج‎) often abbreviated to EMER is Scotland's only periodical dedicated to the Middle East.
 Dnevnik Hiacinte Novak is a novel by Slovenian author Aksinja Kermauner. It was first published in 2003.
 Millennium: The End of the World and the Forging of Christendom is a historical study of the Middle Ages by the popular historian Tom Holland. It was first published in 2008 by the Little Brown Book Group.
 The Hertfordshire Mercury is a weekly newspaper covering east and north Hertfordshire and parts of west Essex. It used to be published every Friday but from December 3 2009 its publication day switched to Thursdays.The Mercury has four editions. The main edition called the Hertfordshire Mercury covers Hertford Ware and neighbouring villages in East Herts. The Hoddesdon and Broxbourne Mercury covers the northern part of Broxbourne borough plus the Essex villages of Nazeing and Roydon.
 Shōjo Sect (少女セクト Shōjo Sekuto) is a Japanese adult manga series written and illustrated by manga author Ken Kurogane. The manga was serialized in the adult manga magazine Comic MegaStore between June 17 2003 and June 17 2005 and was later released as two bound volume. A three-part OVA series titled Shōjo Sect: Innocent Lovers animated by Amarcord was announced in April 2008 with the first episode released in July.
 The Official Gazette (Arabic: الجريدة الرسمية‎ Al Jareedah Al Rasmeeyah ) is a weekly publication issued by the Ministry of Legal Affairs in pursuance of the Law of the Official Gazette issued by Royal Decree 84/2011.
 Cuckoo's Egg is a novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. The book was published by DAW Books in 1985 and there was also a limited hardcover printing by Phantasia Press in the same year. The book was nominated for the Hugo Award and longlisted the Locus Award for Best Novel.
 Ben Bowyang was an Australian newspaper comic strip created by the cartoonist Alex Gurney (1902-1955).Following the misadventures of two larrikin soldiers the strip was based on the Gunn's Gully newspaper humor columns written during the 1920s and 1930s by C. J. Dennis of the Melbourne Herald.
 Earthquakes in London is a play by Mike Bartlett. It received its world premiere at the Royal National's Cottesloe Theatre on 4 August 2010 following previews from 29 July 2010. The production was directed by Rupert Goold in a co-production with Headlong.
 Last of the Curlews is a novel a fictionalized account of the life of the last Eskimo Curlew. It was written by Fred Bodsworth a Canadian newspaper reporter and naturalist and published in 1954.
 The Daily News Tribune (formerly called the News-Tribune and the Waltham Evening News) was an afternoon daily newspaper in Waltham Massachusetts United States covering that city and the neighboring city of Newton. In its last years the Tribune was managed and printed by The MetroWest Daily News and owned by Community Newspaper Company a division of GateHouse Media. In 2010 the Tribune printed its last daily edition and was replaced by a weekly newspaper called the Waltham News Tribune.
 Soul Catcher (1972) is a novel by the science fiction writer Frank Herbert.It is about a Native American who kidnaps a young white boy and their journey together.
 Capture the Saint is the title of a 1997 mystery novel by Burl Barer featuring the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint who was created by Leslie Charteris in 1928.Not counting a novelization of the 1997 film The Saint also written by Barer this was the first original Simon Templar book published since 1983.
 Metzengerstein also called Metzengerstein: A Tale In Imitation of the German was the first short story by American writer and poet Edgar Allan Poe to see print. It was first published in the pages of Philadelphia's Saturday Courier magazine in 1832. The story follows the young Frederick the last of the Metzengerstein family who carries on a long-standing feud with the Berlifitzing family.
 Fleshmarket Close is a 2004 crime novel by Ian Rankin and is named after a real close in Edinburgh between the High Street and Market Street crossing Cockburn Street. It is the fifteenth of the Inspector Rebus novels. Fleshmarket is the Scots term for butcher's market. It was released in the USA under the title Fleshmarket Alley. The novel was the basis for the second episode in the second Rebus television series starring Ken Stott which was aired in 2006.
 Come over to My House is a 1966 children's book written by Dr. Seuss and illustrated by Richard Erdoes. The name Theo. LeSieg was a pen name of Theodor Geisel who is more commonly known by another pen name Dr. Seuss.The illustrations portray the various styles of homes that kids from around the world live in along with Seuss's recognizable prose.
 Zothique is a collection of fantasy short stories by Clark Ashton Smith edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the sixteenth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in June 1970. It was the first themed collection of Smith's works assembled by Carter for the series.
 SHOOT Magazine founded in 1960 as Back Stage provides news and information about advertising agencies executives and creative professionals in the advertising industry. It also issues awards each year recognizing various elements of advertising such as a New Directors Showcase and Best Work You May Never See.
 Télé 7 Jours is a French weekly magazine published by Hachette Filipacchi Médias. It publishes news and materials relating to French radio and television programming.
 La Conquête de Plassans (1874) is the fourth novel in Émile Zola's twenty-volume series Les Rougon-Macquart.
 The Baxter Bulletin is the daily newspaper serving Mountain Home Arkansas and Baxter County Arkansas and surrounding areas. In 1976 the paper was acquired by Multimedia; Gannett acquired Multimedia in 1995. It is the sole newspaper in Arkansas owned by Gannett following a late 1991 sale by the company of the Little Rock-based Arkansas Gazette.
 Adrenaline is the first novel written by James Robert Baker (1946–1997) an American author of sharply satirical predominantly gay-themed transgressional fiction. A native Californian his work is set almost entirely in Southern California. After graduating from UCLA he began his career as a screenwriter but became disillusioned and started writing novels instead.
 The Last Light of the Sun is a 2004 fantasy novel by Guy Gavriel Kay. Like many of his books it is set in a world that draws heavily upon real times events places and people. In this particular book the period is the Viking invasions of Saxon England.
 The Wake Weekly is a weekly privately owned and independent newspaper based in Wake Forest North Carolina primarily covering the North Carolina counties of Wake and Franklin. It is owned by Allen Publishing LLC a corporation consisting of Todd and Clellie Allen son and daughter-in-law of original owners Robert W. Bob and Margaret G. Peggy Allen. Bob Allen acquired The Wake Weekly in 1952 from his brother and for nearly 50 years owned and published the paper with his wife Peggy.
 The National Law Journal a U.S. periodical founded in 1978 by Jerry Finkelstein as a sibling newspaper of the New York Law Journal that itself was founded in 1888. The NLJ reports legal information of national importance to attorneys including federal circuit court decisions verdicts practitioners' columns coverage of legislative issues and legal news for the business and private sectors.The tabloid-sized weekly newspaper is owned by American Lawyer Media ALM.
 Delivering Happiness (2010) is a book by Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh. It details his life as an entrepreneur with emphasis on the founding of LinkExchange and Zappos.
 A Constructive Survey of Upanishadic Philosophy is a book by Ramachandra Dattatrya Ranade also known as Gurudev Ranade who was an eminent scholar of the Upanishads who specialised in Greek philosophy and emphasized the centrality of a psychological approach as opposed to a theological approach for the proper understanding of the Ultimate Reality. The book was first published in 1926 by Oriental Books Agency Pune under the patronage of Sir Parashuramarao Bhausaheb Raja of Jamkhandi.
 Ormayude Arakal (The Cells of Memory) is a collection of memoirs by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer originally serialised in Chandrika Weekly and published as a book by National Book Stall in 1973. It is a rambling incomplete kind of autobiography by the noted Malayalam author. The book also includes Basheer's conversations with Sreedharan B. M. Gafoor P. K. Muhammad M. A. Hakim K. K. Amu I. V. Sasi and Punalur Rajan.
 Giving: How Each of Us Can Change the World is a 2007 book by former United States President Bill Clinton. It was published by Knopf in September 2007. With an initial print run of 750000 copies it debuted at the top of the New York Times Best Seller list in its first week. It was announced that an unspecified portion of proceeds would go to causes mentioned in the book. Clinton ultimately donated $1 million of the proceeds to charity.
 A Moral Reckoning by Daniel Jonah Goldhagen who also authored Hitler's Willing Executioners is a 2003 American non-fiction book examining the Roman Catholic Church’s role in the Holocaust.
 A Hunger Artist (German: Ein Hungerkünstler) is the collection of four short stories by Franz Kafka published in Germany in 1924 the last collection that Kafka himself prepared for the publication. Kafka was able to correct the proofs during his final illness but the book was published by Verlag Die Schmiede several months after his death.The English translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Schocken Books in 1948 in the collection The Penal Colony.
 The Adapted Mind: Evolutionary Psychology and the Generation of Culture is an edited volume first published in 1992 by Oxford University Press edited by Jerome Barkow Leda Cosmides and John Tooby. It is widely considered the foundational text of evolutionary psychology (EP) and outlines Cosmides and Tooby's integration of concepts from evolutionary biology and cognitive psychology as well as many other concepts that would become important in adaptationist research.
 The Spinster and Her Enemies: Feminism and Sexuality 1880-1930 is a 1985 book about feminist involvement in the Social Purity movement by Sheila Jeffreys.
 Aliens versus Predator versus The Terminator is a comic published by Dark Horse Comics about fictional characters from three separate movie series: Alien Predator and The Terminator. The series was in four parts with parts 2-4 having a tagline on their cover.
 The Saint and the Hapsburg Necklace is the title of a 1976 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint. The novel is written by Christopher Short but per the custom at this time the author credit on the cover goes to Leslie Charteris who created the Saint in 1928 and who served in an editorial capacity. The book was first published in the United States by The Crime Club and was followed thereafter by a United Kingdom edition from Hodder and Stoughton.
 Cold Steal is a novel that was published in 1939 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Alice Tilton. It is the third of the eight Leonidas Witherall mysteries.
 Artrocker magazine is an independent monthly publication concentrating on music and modern culture that is available across the United Kingdom. Though stocked in larger branches of newsagents its main availability is in music stores. The magazine started life as a weekly email newsletter before evolving into a printed magazine. Issue one featured KaitO on the cover and was released on October 4 2004.
 Learning & Memory is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the neurobiology of learning and memory. It was established in 1994 and is published by Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press. The editor-in-chief is John H. Byrne (University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston).
 Divided City is a novel written by Theresa Breslin and published in 2005 by Doubleday. The novel is written for teenagers and adults concerning the problems of sectarianism in Glasgow and racism against asylum seekers.The main characters are young boys called Graham a Rangers F.C. supporting Protestant. Joe a Celtic F.C. supporting Catholic and a young asylum seeker named Kyoul.
 Stickfighting Days is Sierra Leonean writer Olufemi Terry's second short story and the winner of the 2010 Caine Prize for African Writing. It was originally published in the pan-African magazine Chimurenga (vol. 12/13).The story follows a group of glue-sniffing boys in a dump who fight with sticks.
 The House of Mirth is the fourth novel by Edith Wharton. First published in 1905 the novel is Wharton's first important work of fiction. It sold 140000 copies between October and the end of December adding to Wharton's existing fortune.
 Journeys of Frodo: An Atlas of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings by Barbara Strachey is an atlas based on the fictional realm of Middle-earth which traces the journeys undertaken by the characters in Tolkien's epic.The book comprises 51 two-colour maps (a general map of Middle-earth and 50 numbered maps) at various scales all based on the original The Lord of the Rings maps drawn by Christopher Tolkien from his father's sketches.
 For information on the waterfall (no relation to book) known as Shohola Falls check out Shohola Township Pike County PennsylvaniaShohola Falls is a 2003 novel written by Michael Pearson. The novel imagines the true story of Thomas Blankenship the young man that Mark Twain reputedly based the character of Huck Finn upon in his novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
 Midnight is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz. It was published in 1989. The book is a cross-genre novel. It includes aspects of suspense science fiction love story and horror.
 PR-e-Sense India's first national Ezine is published by Prime Point Foundation since 2006 every month.
 Manushyanu Oru Aamukham is the debut novel of Malayalam writer Subhash Chandran. The novel is set in Thachanakkara a fictitious village in central Kerala and has the central character named Jithendran. It was originally serialised in Mathrubhumi Weekly in 2009 and was published as a book by DC Books in 2010. It was a great critical success and to date remains one of the best-selling books in Malayalam.
 Language Made Plain by Anthony Burgess is a brief overview of the field of linguistics. Without dealing specifically with any one language it provides an introduction to semantics phonetics and the development of language.Burgess later incorporated most of Language Made Plain into the first half of A Mouthful of Air.
 The Twisted Claw is Volume 18 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by John Button in 1939. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1969 by Tom Mulvey resulting in two different stories with the same title.
 Spider-Man/Black Cat: The Evil That Men Do is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics starring the superhero Spider-Man and his ally the cat burglar known as the Black Cat.The title of the book is an allusion to William Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. In the play Mark Antony says with regards to Caesar The evil that men do lives after them; The good is oft interred with their bones.
 The Quick Red Fox (1964) is the fourth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. In it McGee is hired to aid a fictitious Hollywood star named Lysa Dean who is being blackmailed with revealing photographs.A note for future expansion of this article: In Chapter 6 McGee is thinking Not necessarily Helo'ise and Abelard Romeo and Miss Capulet or even Nappi and Joe.
 Gjengangeren is a local newspaper published in Horten Norway. It was established in 1851.It has a circulation of 5867 of whom 5732 are subscribers.
 Tickets to the Devil (1968) by Richard P. Powell is novel taking a glimpse into the world of duplicate bridge in the late 1960s. The story features characters loosely based on great players of those days along with some fictional characters. All of them are competing or involved in a National bridge event set in the fictional Xanadu hotel in Miami Beach while their stories intersect and interact in a Grand Hotel fashion.
 The Weatherford Democrat is a five-day daily newspaper published in Weatherford Texas on Tuesday through Friday and on Sunday. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 International Emergency Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering emergency healthcare. It is published quarterly by Elsevier and is an official publication of the European Society of Emergency Nurses and the Faculty of Emergency Nursing. It was established in 1993 as Accident and Emergency Nursing and obtained its current title in 2008. The current editor-in-chief is Heather McClelland.
 To Write Like a Woman: Essays in Feminism and Science Fiction is a collection of essays by Joanna Russ published in 1995. Many of the essays previously appeared as letters in anthologies or in journals like Science Fiction Studies Extrapolation and Chrysalis. Topics range from the work of specific authors to major trends in feminism and science fiction.
 Basket Case published in 2002 is the ninth novel by Carl Hiaasen. It is a classic Hiaasen crime novel set in Florida and centers on the death of singer James Stomarti (aka Jimmy Stoma) an ostensibly washed-up former lead man of Jimmy and the Slut Puppies.
 Halakhak Komiks (literally Guffaw Comics or Laughter Comics) is the first regularly published comics magazine in the Philippines. Its first publication was on November 15 1946. It was founded by Filipino illustrator Isaac Tolentino and Filipino lawyer Jaime Lucas.
 When Evil Wakes is an anthology of Fantasy and Horror stories edited by August Derleth. It was first published by Souvenir in 1963.
 The Skinny is a 72-page monthly publication distributed in approximately 600 establishments throughout the cities of Aberdeen Dundee Edinburgh Glasgow and the region of Fife in Scotland. Founded in 2005 the magazine features interviews and articles on music art film comedy and other aspects of Scottish culture.
 Dead as a Doornail is the fifth book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries.
 The Penguin History of the United States of America is a non-fiction book about the history of the United States written by Hugh Brogan and published by Penguin Books. It was originally titled The Longman History of the United States of America published by the Longman company from 1985 through 1999. Longman and Penguin are both part of Pearson PLC. The book starts in the pre-Columbian era and in the first edition ends in the mid 1970s.
 The Dispatch and The Rock Island Argus are daily morning newspapers based in Moline Illinois and circulated primarily throughout the Illinois side of the Quad Cities — Moline East Moline Rock Island and Rock Island County. They are also for sale in retail establishments on the Iowa side of the Quad Cities — Davenport and Bettendorf.The newspapers are owned by the Small Newspaper Group which is located in Kankakee Illinois.
 The Mists of Avalon is a 1983 novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in which she relates the Arthurian legends from the perspective of the female characters. The book follows the trajectory of Morgaine (often called Morgan le Fay in other works) a priestess fighting to save her matriarchal Celtic culture in a country where patriarchal Christianity threatens to destroy the pagan way of life.
 A Gentleman's Kiss (爪先にキス Tsumasaki ni Kiss) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shinri Fuwa. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume on 26 August 2008 and the second volume on 18 November 2008.
 Gossamer (2006) is a novel with elements of both fantasy and realism for young adults by Lois Lowry.At their home the Heap Fastidious complains about her curious student to Most Ancient. Thin Elderly and Fastidious decide that Thin Elderly will become Littlest's mentor while Fastidious is assigned to a modern house. Littlest is part of a small sub-colony of dream-givers. Through touching they gather fragments such as colors words sounds and scents.
 Conan of the Red Brotherhood is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in February 1993 and reprinted in 1998.
 The Longest Memory is a short fiction novel (only 137 pages long) by British writer Fred D'Aguiar. The story takes place on a Virginian plantation in the period before the American Civil War (Between 1790 and 1810). The book is told through many different people and in different forms. It begins in first person with Whitechapel the oldest and most respected slave on the plantation recounting the sorrows of his life.
 Work Diva: How to Climb the Corporate Ladder Without Selling Your Soul is a book by Kim Meredith. The book explores the obstacles facing working women of today and deals with the realities of being a woman in the workplace. It illustrates how financial independence is vital in achieving self-actualisation and also explores stereotypes and attitudes changing outlooks and the children-versus-career issue.
 Beside Still Waters is a nonfiction book by Gregg Easterbrook. In it he defends religion against its critics. He expounds a theory of religion and Christianity based on his reading of the Old and New Testaments in which God is not an omnipotent omniscient being but rather a limited and perhaps awesomely powerful being who learns and grows over time.
 The Artist's Widow is a novel written by British author Shena Mackay and first published in 1998 by Jonathan Cape. It is mentioned twice in the Bloomsbury Good Reading Guide (2003)
 Hadon of Ancient Opar is a fantasy novel by Philip José Farmer first published in paperback by DAW Books in April 1974 and reprinted three times through 1983. The first trade paperback edition was published by Titan Books in 2013. The first British edition was published by Magnum in 1977; it was reprinted by Methuen in 1993. The work has also been translated into French.
 The Harvard Review of Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of psychiatry. The editor-in-chief is Shelly F. Greenfield. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 3.046 ranking it 24th out of 117 journals in the category Psychiatry.
 Manga Time Kirara Carat (まんがタイムきららCarat Manga Taimu Kirara Kyaratto) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Houbunsha mainly consisting of four-panel comic strips. The first issue was released on January 18 2003.
 King Victor and King Charles was the second play written by Robert Browning for the stage. He completed it in 1839 for William Macready who had staged Strafford two years before but Macready rejected it as unsuitable and it was never performed.
 Paradise Lost is an epic poem in blank verse by the 17th-century English poet John Milton (1608–1674). The first version published in 1667 consisted of ten books with over ten thousand lines of verse. A second edition followed in 1674 arranged into twelve books (in the manner of Virgil's Aeneid) with minor revisions throughout and a note on the versification.
 The Stingray Shuffle is Tim Dorsey's fifth novel published in 2003.
 Paste is a 5800-word short story by Henry James first published in Frank Leslie’s Popular Monthly in December 1899. James included the story in his collection The Soft Side published by Macmillan the following year. James conceived the story as a clever reversal of Guy de Maupassant's The Necklace.
 Strawberry Spring is a horror short story by Stephen King. It was originally published in the Fall 1968 issue of Ubris magazine and collected in King's Night Shift in 1978. It employs a twist ending.
 Rokudenashi Blues (ろくでなしBLUES lit. Good-for-Nothing Blues) is a boxing themed manga series authored by Masanori Morita that was serialized in the Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1988 to 1997.
 The Scorpion or Al-'Aqrab is a Yemeni novel by Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was first published in 1982.
 As of August 2013 Skateboarder Magazine is primarily a digital skateboarding publication that produces a limited run of hard copy versions that are sold in skateboard shops. The publication was the United States (US)' first skateboarding magazine and as of August 2013 its Editor/Photo Editor is Jaime Owens while the magazine's Publisher is Jamey Stone. On August 19 2013 the magazine's owner GrindMedia announced that the publication will cease production on October 15 2013.
 Grumpy's Toys: The Authorized History of Grumpy Jenkins' Cars is an authorized biography of drag racing legend Bill Grumpy Jenkins with Jenkins himself writing the book's foreword.The book was written by author Doug Boyce who has also written the book Junior Stock: Drag Racing the Family Sedan.
 Reference News (Simplified Chinese: 参考消息 Traditional Chinese: 參考消息 Pinyin: Cānkǎo Xiāoxī) first published on November 7 1931 is a newspaper daily which has the largest circulation in mainland China with 3 million. It is published by Xinhua News Agency. As the Chinese government's official news agency Xinhua carefully selects articles from world's major news agencies and news journals and translates them into Chinese.
 Frog and the Birdsong (Dutch: Kikker en het vogeltje) is a 1991 children's book by Dutch author and illustrator Max Velthuijs. It is one of the books in the Frog series. The main character Frog finds a dead bird and with the help of his friends investigates death and buries the bird after which funerary games lead to insight on life. The book won the 1992 Gouden Griffel and is frequently used in classrooms and therapeutic settings to teach children how to cope with death.
 Circulation is a scientific journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins for the American Heart Association. The journal publishes articles related to research in and the practice of cardiovascular diseases including observational studies clinical trials epidemiology health services and outcomes studies and advances in applied (translational) and basic research. From 1996 to 2004 its impact factor remained close to 10.
 Kero Kero Chime (ケロケロちゃいむ) is a manga written by Maguro Fujita. A 30-episode anime series of the same title is based on the manga.
 Republican Party Reptile subtitled The Confessions Adventures Essays and (Other) Outrages of P. J. O'Rourke is a 1987 collection of essays by American satirical writer P. J. O'Rourke. In humorist Lewis Frumkes' review of the collection he described it as only occasionally displaying O'Rourke's best writing.O'Rourke planned to promote the book at the 1988 Republican National Convention.
 Road & Track (R&T) is an American automotive enthusiast magazine. It is owned by Hearst Magazines and is published monthly. The editorial offices are located in Ann Arbor Michigan.
 A Double Barreled Detective Story is a short story/novelette by Mark Twain (Samuel Clemens) in which Sherlock Holmes finds himself in the American west.The story contains two arcs of revenges. In the primary arc a woman was abused humiliated and abandoned by her fiancé Jacob Fuller while she bore his child. The child was born and named Archy Stillman and when he got older the mother discovered that the child possessed an incredible ability of smell like a bloodhound.
 Towards The End Of The Morning is a 1967 satirical novel by Michael Frayn about journalists working on a British newspaper during the heyday of Fleet Street. Its protagonists work to compile the miscellaneous unimportant parts of the newspaper - the nature notes column the religious thought for the day the crossword and so on. The paper seems sunk in a state of torpor and the journalists' work is extremely dull.
 Kamisama Kazoku (神様家族 lit. God Family) is an anime series based on a series of light novels by Yoshikazu Kuwashima which premiered May 18 2006 in Japan across the anime satellite television network Animax. The original light novel series has concluded with 8 volumes; however a sequel light novel series titled Kamisama Kazoku Z (神様家族Z) was released on January 25 2008.
 Dengeki G's Magazine (電撃G's magazine) is a Japanese magazine published by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks) and sold monthly on the thirtieth that primarily contains information on bishōjo games but also includes an entire section on anime based on bishōjo games and serializes manga and light novels based on such games. The G's in the title stands for Gals and Games.
 The Daredevils was a comics magazine and anthology published by Marvel UK in 1983.Aimed for a more sophisticated audience than typical light superhero adventures The Daredevils featured Captain Britain stories by Alan Moore and Alan Davis as well as new Night Raven text stories and reprints of Frank Miller's Daredevil stories.
 Porsgrunns Dagblad is a Norwegian newspaper published in Porsgrunn in Telemark county.Porsgrunds Dagblad was started on 1 December 1914 and later modernized its name. The first editor Daniel H. Grini was an experienced press worker and came from Varden in the neighboring city. He made Porsgrunds Dagblad into a local newspaper.
 Simon is a children's historical novel written by Rosemary Sutcliff first published in 1953. It is set during the English Civil War and shows the effect of the conflict on two friends who find themselves on opposite sides. It is her fifth novel acknowledged to be the first in which she displayed the mastery of subject and style for which she is known.
 Karakuri Dôji Ultimo (機巧童子ULTIMO Karakuri Dōji ULTIMO literally Mechanical Boy: Ultimo) referred to as Ultimo is a Japanese manga series created by Hiroyuki Takei and Stan Lee (and his production company Pow Entertainment). The plot of the story depicts a conflict between good and evil implicated through the Karakuri Dôji created by the character Dr.
 The Annals of Statistics is a peer-reviewed statistics journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. It was started in 1973 as a continuation in part of the Annals of Mathematical Statistics which was split into the Annals of Statistics and the Annals of Probability.Articles older than 3 years are available on JSTOR and all articles since 2004 are freely available on the arXiv.
 Winter in Madrid is a spy novel written by C. J. Sansom. The setting is just after the Spanish Civil War in 1940. The main character is a wounded veteran Harry Brett. He received his wounds during the Dunkirk withdrawal. The book is purposely set in Madrid where Francisco Franco resided in contrast to most other books on the Spanish Civil War focusing on Barcelona. The historical setting Madrid in the Franco era is well described and almost a character according to various reviews.
 The Pet Girl of Sakurasou (さくら荘のペットな彼女 Sakura-sō no Petto na Kanojo lit. The Pet Girl of Sakura Dormitory) is a Japanese light novel series written by Hajime Kamoshida with illustrations by Kēji Mizoguchi. ASCII Media Works published 13 volumes between January 2010 and March 2014. A manga adaptation illustrated by Hōki Kusano began serialization in the April 2011 issue of ASCII Media Works' Dengeki G's Magazine and was later transferred to Dengeki G's Comic.
 This Horrid Practice: The Myth and Reality of Traditional Maori Cannibalism is a 2008 non-fiction book by New Zealand historian Paul Moon. The book is a comprehensive survey of the history of cannibalism among the Māori of New Zealand.
 The Cato Journal is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal which covers public policy from an Austro-libertarian point of view. It was established in 1981 and is published by Cato Institute a Washington D.C.-based libertarian think tank. It publishes articles discussing politics and economy. According to the Cato Institute website the journal is a free-market public policy journal ...
 Godless: The Church of Liberalism is a book by best-selling author and conservative columnist Ann Coulter published in 2006. The book is an argument against American liberalism which Coulter regards as so anti-scientific and faith-based that it amounts to a primitive religion which she claims has its own cosmology its own explanation for why we are here its own gods and its own clergy. Coulter asserts that the basic tenet of liberalism is that nature is god and men are monkeys.
 The Rear Column is a play by Simon Gray set in the jungle of the Congo Free State in 1887-88. The story begins after explorer Henry Morton Stanley has gone to relieve Emin Pasha governor of Equatoria from a siege by Mahdist forces. He leaves behind him a 'rear column' with supplies at the Yambuya camp on the Aruwimi River and instructs them to wait until the Arab slave trader Tippu Tib has brought 600 more porters before following on to Equatoria.
 Spilt Milk (original title in Portuguese: Leite Derramado) is a novel written by Chico Buarque.
 Before the Law (German: Vor dem Gesetz) is a parable contained in the novel The Trial (German: Der Prozess) by Franz Kafka. Before the Law was published in Kafka's lifetime first in the New Year's edition 1915 of the independent Jewish weekly Selbstwehr then in 1919 as part of the collection Ein Landarzt (A Country Doctor). The Trial however was not published until 1925 after Kafka's death.
 Roma Eterna is a 2003 novel by Robert Silverberg which presents an alternative history in which the Roman Empire survives to the present day.
 Shadows in Bronze is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Naughty Bits is a comic book series written and illustrated by Roberta Gregory and published by Fantagraphics Books. The series ran from March 1991 to July 2004 totalling 40 issues.
 DNA Research is an international peer reviewed journal of genomics and DNA research.
 Too Fat to Fish is a collection of memoirs by American comedian radio personality and actor Artie Lange. Published by Spiegel & Grau on November 11 2008 the book is co-written by journalist Anthony Bozza. Lange dedicated the book to radio personality Howard Stern who also writes its foreword. It is said that Lange writes about his most personal revelation in the book.Too Fat to Fish debuted at number one on the The New York Times Best Seller list holding the position for one week.
 Tommy Storm and the Galactic Knights is the second novel in the Tommy Storm series written by Irish author A.J. Healy. Set three years after the first Tommy Storm Tommy and his friends travel across the universe searching for answers about the TFC. They must escape the evil Nack Jickilson and seek help from the Beast of Hellsbells.
 Starting Over is a 2011 autobiography by American musician and recording artist La Toya Jackson. The book was published by Gallery Books and was released on June 21 2011. It made The New York Times Best Sellers List for the week ending July 2 2011.
 Six Lectures about Loneliness is a 2009 non-fiction book by Chian Hsun a professor at the Chinese Culture University. The book discusses the concept of loneliness and how it affects different aspects of humanity.
 The Case Against the Fed is a 1994 book by Murray N. Rothbard taking a critical look at the United States Federal Reserve fractional reserve banking and central banks in general.
 Rigged: The True Story of a Wall Street Novice who Changed the World of Oil Forever is a New York Times Best Selling book by author Ben Mezrich. The book recounts the story of John D'Agostino whom the book renames David Russo. Summit Entertainment acquired the screen rights to Rigged and the book has been optioned for movie production.
 Panorama is a daily newspaper published in Gibraltar. It was founded in December 1975 by journalist Joe Garcia who has edited it since then. It was first published as a weekly newspaper and became a daily in 2002. It was the first Gibraltar newspaper to establish an online edition in 1997.
 A Postcognitive Negation: The Sadomasochistic Dialectic of American Psychology is a book written by Dr. Matthew Giobbi. It was published in 2010 by Atropos Press NYC/Dresden. The text was edited by Wolfgang Schirmacher.
 Black Hearts in Battersea is a children's novel by Joan Aiken first published in 1964. The second book in the Wolves Chronicles it is loosely a sequel to her earlier Wolves of Willoughby Chase. The book is set in a slightly altered historical England—during the reign of King James III—in the early 19th century and follows the adventures of Simon an orphan whose plans to study painting in London are derailed by high adventure.
 When Patty Went to College is Jean Webster's first novel published in 1903. It is a humorous look at life in an all-girls college at the turn of the 20th century. Patty Wyatt the protagonist of this story is a bright fun loving imperturbable girl who does not like to conform. The book describes her many escapades on campus during her senior year at college. Patty enjoys life on campus and uses her energies in playing pranks and for the entertainment of herself and her friends.
 The Opuscula Mathematica is a mathematical research journal founded in 1937 in Kraków by Antonii Hoborski a Polish mathematician and the first Rector Magnificus of Mining Academy.All articles published by the journal are indexed and reviewed in Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt für Mathematik.
 Le Silence de la cité is a French language science-fiction novel by Élisabeth Vonarburg. It was first published in Canada in 1981 and has been translated in English under the title The Silent City. It received the Prix Rosny-Aîné in 1982
 Dragon Zakura (ドラゴン桜 Doragon Zakura) is a Japanese manga by Norifusa Mita. The manga has sold over 6 million copies and won the 2005 Kodansha Manga Award for general manga and an Excellence Prize at the 2005 Japan Media Arts Festival. It was adapted into live action television series of the same name broadcast on TBS in 2005.
 No Easy Day: The Firsthand Account of the Mission that Killed Osama bin Laden (2012) is a military memoir by Mark Owen the pseudonym of a former member of the United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group (DEVGRU) who participated in the mission that resulted in the death of Osama bin Laden. The book details Owen's career with DEVGRU including several combat missions with which he participated with the unit.
 Nature Photonics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group. The editor-in-chief is Rachel Won. The journal covers research related to optoelectronics laser science imaging communications and other aspects of photonics and was established in January 2007. Nature Photonics publishes review articles research papers News and Views pieces and research highlights summarizing the latest scientific findings in optoelectronics.
 Betrayal is the first of nine books in the Legacy of the Force series which is set in the fictional Star Wars Expanded Universe. The book is written by Aaron Allston and was released in hardcover on May 30 2006. The cover artist is Jason Felix. The paperback edition was released in May 2007 and also contained a small excerpt from Bloodlines by Karen Traviss and reprints of two short stories In His Image and A Two-Edged Sword by Karen Traviss.
 ReNew magazine (currently subtitled ReNew: technology for a sustainable future) is an Australian magazine covering domestic renewable energy technologies and sustainable culture. Originally a small magazine printed and distributed locally in Melbourne it was first published by the Alternative Energy Co-operative in 1980 as Soft Technology: Alternative Energy in Australia.
 The Scarlet Thread is a 1996 novel written by Francine Rivers.
 Hyde & Closer (呪法解禁!!ハイド&クローサー Juhou Kaikin!! Haido & Kurōsā lit. Magic Ban Removal!! Hyde & Closer) is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Haro Aso. The manga is serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from July 2008. The individual chapters were then collected into seven tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.Viz Media has licensed the series for an English-language release in North America and is currently serializing it online at ShonenSunday.com.
 Bokurano: Ours (ぼくらの Bokura no lit. Our) is a Japanese science fiction manga by Mohiro Kitoh that was serialized in the monthly manga magazine Ikki from 2003 to 2009; 11 tankōbon have been published by Shogakukan.
 The Maui News is a Wailuku Hawaii based daily newspaper covering the islands of Maui Lanai and Molokai. The Maui News began publication on February 17 1900. Henry Perrine Baldwin became an owner of the News in 1905. The Maui News was sold to Ogden Newspapers by Baldwin's descendants on February 1 2000.
 Ethical Relativity is a 1932 book by the Finnish philosopher Edvard Westermarck one of his main works.
 Half the House: a memoir is written by Richard Hoffman. It was first published in 1995 then republished in 2005 with an afterword from 1996 and a postscript from 2005.Hoffman writes after the dedication page that This is not a work of fiction. It contains no composite characters no invented scenes. I have in most instances altered the names of persons outside my family. In one instance on principle I have not.That one person is Tom Feifel the coach who abused the 10-year-old Hoffman.
 Ohvrilaev is a novel by Estonian author Gert Helbemäe. It was first published in 1960 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 1992.The novel tells a love story between a middle-aged schoolteacher and a young Jewish girl taking place in the 1930s in Kalamaja.
 Tenshi Ja Nai!! (天使じゃない!! tran. I'm no Angel!!) is a manga series by Takako Shigematsu. The manga was serialized in America by Go! Comi. The eighth and final volume was published in September 2007.
 De Levendes Land (Land of the Living) is a hymn written in 1824 by the Danish theologian and priest N. F. S. Grundtvig. It is composed in a metre similar to a famous hymn Far Verden far vel (Farewell world farewell) by Thomas Kingo but unlike its baroque model Grundtvig's work carries a more optimistic message expressing faith in the love and grace of God.
 InformationWeek is an information resource available online at www.informationweek.com with a corresponding digital magazine face-to-face and virtual events and research. It is headquartered in San Francisco California and was first published in 1979 by CMP Media later called CMP Technology. In 2008 CMP Technology was restructured into four independent operating divisions under the common banner of UBM.
 Dawn of Time is an American science fiction short story collection edited by Robert Silverberg Martin H. Greenberg and Joseph Olander.The collection has the tagline 'Prehistory Through Science Fiction'. All the included short stories have paleontology/prehistory as a common theme.
 Warm Worlds and Otherwise is a short story collection by Alice Sheldon that under her pen name James Tiptree Jr. was first published in 1975. In its introduction Who is Tiptree What is He? fellow science fiction author Robert Silverberg wrote that he found the theory that Tiptree was female absurd and that the author of these stories could only be a man.
 Science and Technology of Advanced Materials is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal in materials science that was established in 2000. In 2008 it became an open access journal through the sponsorship of the National Institute for Materials Science (NIMS Tsukuba Ibaraki Japan). The journal is international with its editors and referees located all around the world.
 Operation Red Jericho (September 5 2005) is the first novel in The Guild of Specialists trilogy by Joshua Mowll.
 So Totally Emily Ebers is Lisa Yee's third novel. It tells Emily Ebers's side of the story in Stanford Wong Flunks Big-Time and Millicent Min Girl Genius.
 The Fashion in Shrouds is a crime novel by Margery Allingham. It was originally published in 1938 in the United Kingdom by Heinemann London and in the United States by Doubleday New York. It is the tenth novel in the Albert Campion series.
 Lady Audley's Secret is a sensation novel by Mary Elizabeth Braddon published in 1862. It was Braddon's most successful and well-known novel. Critic John Sutherland (1989) described the work as the most sensationally successful of all the sensation novels. The plot centres on accidental bigamy which was in literary fashion in the early 1860s.
 The Book of Skulls is a science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg which was first published in 1972. It was nominated for the Nebula Award in 1972 and both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1973.
 Himitsu - Top Secret (Japanese: 秘密 -トップ·シークレット- Hepburn: Himitsu - Toppu Shiikuretto - lit. The Top Secret) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Reiko Shimizu. It has been serialized in Melody.It has been adapted into an anime series called Top Secret ~The Revelation~ (秘密(トップ·シークレット) 〜The Revelation〜) by Madhouse Studios and broadcast in Japan on NTV between April 8 2008 and September 30 2008.
 The Lady in the Lake is a 1943 detective novel by Raymond Chandler featuring as do all his major works the Los Angeles private investigator Philip Marlowe. Notable for its removal of Marlowe from his usual Los Angeles environs for much of the book the novel's complicated plot initially deals with the case of a missing woman in a small mountain town an hour or so from the city.
 To Venus in Five Seconds: An Account of the Strange Disappearance of Thomas Plummer Pillmaker is a science fiction satire written by Fred T. Jane the author of the original Jane's Fighting Ships and the founder of what would in time become the Jane's Information Group.
 Wheelock's Latin (titled simply Latin: An Introductory Course for College Students until the fifth edition in 1995) is a comprehensive beginning Latin textbook. Chapters introduce related grammatical topics and assume little or no prior knowledge of Latin grammar or language. Each chapter has a collection of translation exercises created specifically for the book or taken directly from ancient sources.
 Not Before Time (ISBN 0-450-02391-5) is a collection of science fiction short stories by John Brunner published in 1968.
 Imrei Binah is a work by Rabbi Dovber Schneuri the second Rebbe of the Chabad Hasidic movement. Imrei Binah is considered to be one of the most profound texts in Chabad philosophy.The central themes discussed in Imrei Binah are the Hasidic explanations for the commandment of the reading the Shema and donning the Tefillin.
 Frogs Eat Butterflies. Snakes Eat Frogs. Hogs Eat Snakes. Men Eat Hogs is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium.
 Tales from the Planet Sylvia is a 1990 collection of comic strips by the American cartoonist Nicole Hollander from her syndicated comic strip Sylvia.The strips are non-continuous with one another as is usual for Sylvia and they feature the standard content of Sylvia comics such as cats gender politics and the afterlife.
 Vi är inte ensamma - en samling berättelser om våra osynliga hjälpare in Swedish and Vi er ikke alene in Norwegian (in English We Are Not Alone - The Anthology Stories About Our Invisible Helpers; this book has not has been translated into English) is an occult nonfiction book published in 1990 written by Norwegian-Swedish author Margit Sandemo who is best known for her historical fantasy writing.
 Current Medicinal Chemistry is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Bentham Science Publishers. The editor-in-chief is Atta-ur-Rahman (International Center for Chemical and Biological Sciences University of Karachi). The journal covers developments in medicinal chemistry and rational drug design and publishes original research reports and review papers.
 Trondheims-Pressen was a cooperative newspaper published in Trondheim Norway from May 8 to May 12 1945 by Arbeider-Avisen Nidaros and Adresseavisen.The common newspaper was established after the Second World War when the Norwegian resistance movement and the Norwegian government in exile pressed news agencies to make common newspapers until those that had been discontinued during the German occupation had time to reestablish themselves.
 Model Rail is a British railway magazine focusing on rail transport modelling. It was first published in 1997 after running as a supplement to RAIL magazine. Model Rail is published 13 times a year. It contains articles about railways in Britain layouts weathering building kits kitbashing scratch building and other model-making techniques.
 The Claidi Journals is a fantasy novel quartet written by Tanith Lee. A collection of the first three novels was released in 2003.
 Angel Sanctuary (Japanese: 天使禁猟区 Hepburn: Tenshi Kinryōku) is a fantasy shōjo (targeted towards girls) manga series written and illustrated by Kaori Yuki. Appearing as a serial in the manga magazine Hana to Yume from 1994 to 2000 the 120 chapters were collected and published in twenty bound volumes by Hakusensha from February 1995 to February 2001. It focuses on Setsuna Mudo a teenager who learns that he is the reincarnation of an angel who rebelled against Heaven.
 Kaleidoscope is a 1987 novel by Danielle Steel published by Delacorte Press (see 1987 in literature). It was adapted into an NBC television movie in 1990 starring Jaclyn Smith and Perry King.
 A Christmas Carol is a novella by English author Charles Dickens first published by Chapman & Hall on 19 December 1843. It tells the story of bitter old miser Ebenezer Scrooge and his transformation resulting from supernatural visits by Jacob Marley and the Ghosts of Christmases Past Present and Yet to Come.
 The Michigan Journal of Political Science is a biannual undergraduate academic journal of political science.
 See Junk (novel) for the book of similar title by Melvin Burgess.Junkie: Confessions of an Unredeemed Drug Addict (originally titled Junk later released as Junky) is a novel by American beat generation writer William S. Burroughs published initially under the pseudonym William Lee in 1953. His first published work it is semi-autobiographical and focuses on Burroughs' life as a drug user and dealer.
 The Sexual Paradox is a book by Susan Pinker published by Scribner in 2008. Pinker is a psychologist and columnist for The Globe and Mail. The Sexual Paradox was 2009 winner of the American Psychological Association's annual William James Book Award a New York Times Editor's Choice and one of the Best Books reviewed by the Evening Standard.
 Vesti segodnya is a daily (as of 2010) newspaper published in Latvia formerly Sovetskaya molodezh and SM segodnya the first among Russian-language dailies and tying third and fourth places among all dailies by subsciption as of January 2010.
 The Journal of the International AIDS Society is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal published by the International AIDS Society. It covers all aspects of research on HIV and AIDS.
 Dragon Keeper is a novel by Robin Hobb the first in the The Rain Wild Chronicles. It is written in third-person narrative from the viewpoint of several of the key characters. The narrative joins these separate threads together as a party of malformed dragons their human keepers and other supporters set out on a quest for the legendary Elderling city of Kelsingra.
 NOW is a British weekly entertainment magazine.It is a weekly magazine in the UK with a regular circulation of 196726. It is a mix of celebrity news gossip and fashion and is primarily aimed at women. It also features movie and music reviews real life stories shopping and style feature together with major celebrity interviews.NOW was launched in late 1996 as a less serious more gossip-oriented magazine aimed at women.
 And the Ass Saw the Angel is the first novel by the musician and singer Nick Cave originally published in 1989 by Black Spring Press in the United Kingdom and Harper Collins in the United States. It was re-published in 2003 by 2.13.61 (ISBN 1-880985-72-1).
 The Death Ship (German title: Das Totenschiff) is a novel by the pseudonymous author known as B. Traven. Originally published in German in 1926 and in English in 1934 it was Traven's first major success and is still the author's second best known work after The Treasure of the Sierra Madre. Due to its scathing criticism of bureaucratic authority nationalism and abusive labor practices it is often described as an anarchist novel.
 White Dwarf is a magazine published by British games manufacturer Games Workshop serves as a promotions and advertising platform for Games Workshop and Citadel products.
 The Journal of Traumatic Stress is a peer-reviewed academic journal published bimonthly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies. The editor-in-chief is Daniel Weiss (University of California San Francisco).
 Horowitz Horror and More Horowitz Horror are two collections of short horror stories written by Anthony Horowitz published in 1999 and 2000 respectively. A third set of stories is awaiting release.
 Lunar Park is a mock memoir by Bret Easton Ellis. It was released by Knopf on August 16 2005. It is notable for being the first book written by Ellis to use past tense narrative.
 Heroine Shikkaku (ヒロイン失格) is a manga series written and illustrated by Momoko Kōda. It is published in French by Delcourt.
 Berlin Diary (1934–1941) is a first-hand account of the rise of the Third Reich and its road to war as witnessed by the American journalist William L. Shirer. Shirer a radio reporter for CBS covered Germany for several years until the Nazi press censors made it impossible for him to report objectively to his listeners in the United States; feeling increasingly uncomfortable he left the country.
 Meteoritics & Planetary Science is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1953. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Meteoritical Society. Since January 1 2003 the editor-in-chief is A.J. Timothy Jull (Arizona Accelerator Mass Spectrometry Laboratory). The journal's broad focus is planetary science.
 Iron Man: The Defiant Reign of Jean Chrétien is the second volume of Lawrence Martin's two-part biography of Jean Chrétien. It covers Chrétien's career as a politician and eventually as Prime Minister of Canada.
 The Silent Boy was written by Lois Lowry and was published in 2003. Categorized as both a young adult novel and historical fiction The Silent Boy is set in a 20th-century farm community. The story was inspired by a pile of photos that Lowry found and which are interspersed throughout the narrative. The story is told by Katy Thatcher the young daughter of a small-town physician whose heart is softened by a local boy with a mental condition disabling him from speaking.
 Electronics was an American trade journal that covered the radio industry and its later spin-offs in the mid-to-late 20th century. Its first issue was dated in April 1930. It was published by McGraw-Hill until 1988 when it was sold to the Dutch company VNU. VNU sold its American electronics magazines to Penton Publishing the next year.Generally a monthly magazine its frequency and page count varied with the state of the industry until its end in 1995.
 Vintage Guitar magazine is a consumer publication that focuses on vintage and classic fretted instruments amplifiers effects and related gear as well as notable players from all genres and eras. The publication's feature stories and monthly columns cover a diverse range of topics by contributors including some of the biggest names in the industry and renowned authorities like Dan Erlewine George Gruhn Wolf Marshall Richard Smith and Seymour W.
 The Redwater Raid is a novel written by the English author Michael de Larrabeiti and published in 1972 in the United Kingdom by Coronet Books under the penname of Nathan Lestrange.
 Mercurius Hungaricus (Hungarian: Magyar Merkúr) later Mercurius Veridicus ex Hungaria was the first periodical newspaper in the Kingdom of Hungary published between 1705 and 1710 (only seven issues). It was a semiofficial news release for the Rákóczi's War of Independence the articles were written in mostly Latin language.
 Backwoods Home Magazine is a bi-monthly American magazine that has a circulation of 41000. It was founded in 1989 in a garage in Ventura California by Dave Duffy and his seven-year-old daughter Annie. After publication of the second issue Duffy met Ilene Myers who became his wife and partner-in-publication. Backwoods Home remains family-owned. It is based in Gold Beach Oregon.Backwoods Home's articles and columns emphasize practical skills and projects for rural living.
 A Theory of Relativity (ISBN 0-06-103199-2) is a 2001 novel written by American author Jacquelyn Mitchard. The book tells the story of a custody battle for a young girl following the sudden death of her parents.
 Siraj is a daily newspaper in Malayalam language. It was established in 1984. The newspaper belongs to Thoufeeque Publications. It is published from Calicut Thiruvananthapuram Kochi Kannur  Dubai and oman. The head office of the newspaper is at Calicut. The editor is VPM Faisy Villyapalli. It has five editions.
 The State of the Future is an annual book-length report with forecasts of global issues produced by the Millennium Project since 1996. It grows each year; in 2012 it included a 150-page summary and 1500 pages of background data along with a searchable database of historical data.
 The Tables of the Law (Das Gesetz) is a 1944 novella by German writer Thomas Mann. It is a dramatic retelling of the Biblical story of Moses contained in the Book of Exodus although some of the laws which Moses proscribes for his followers are taken from Leviticus. It was the only story that Mann was ever commissioned to write and he finished it in just eight weeks beginning on January 18 1943 and ending on March 13 1943. Publisher Armin L.
 Procycling or ProCycling is a bicycling sport magazine owned by Future plc. First published in April 1999 there are 13 issues a year distributed in all countries where there are English speaking readers.Andrew Sutcliffe the former editor of Cycle Trader and the IPC Media publication Cycling Weekly helped form a company called Cabal Communications run by other former IPC staff. Cabal introduced a monthly magazine called Procycling as a rival to IPC's own monthly publication Cycle Sport.
 Before the Fantastic Four: The Storms is the third and final mini-series from Marvel Comics (the other two being Before the Fantastic Four: Ben Grimm and Logan and Before the Fantastic Four: Reed Richards) showing adventures that the core members of the Fantastic Four had in the days before they received their powers. This particular miniseries depicts a team-up between teen siblings Susan Storm and Johnny Storm (before they became the Invisible Woman and the Human Torch).
 Clinical Cardiology is an American journal about Cardiology founded in 1978. It provides a forum for the coordination of clinical research in diagnostics cardiovascular medicine and cardiovascular surgery.
 The Cat Who Turned On and Off is the third novel in a series of murder mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun.
 Şalom is a Jewish weekly newspaper published in Turkey. Its name is the Turkish spelling of the Hebrew word שלום (Shalom). It was established on 29 October 1947 by the Turkish Jewish journalist Avram Leyon. It is printed in Istanbul and is published every Wednesday. Apart from one Ladino page it is published in Turkish. İvo Molinas is its publisher and Yakup Barokas is its editor in chief. Its circulation is about 5000.
 Battle Order 204 is a historical non-fiction novel that recounts the experiences of David Mattingley a bomber pilot of the Royal Australian Air Force serving with No. 625 Squadron RAF.
 The White Dragon is a science fiction novel by American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey.It completes the original Dragonriders trilogy in the Dragonriders of Pern series seven years after the second book. It was first published by Del Rey Books in June 1978 one year before the young-adult Harper Hall trilogy.In 1987 Locus: The magazine of the science fiction & fantasy field ranked The White Dragon number 23 among the 33 All-Time Best Fantasy Novels based on a poll of subscribers.
 The River of Time (1986) is an anthology of science fiction short stories by David Brin.
 Making Peace With the Planet is a 1990 book by Barry Commoner. Commoner argues that despite billions of dollars spent to save the environment America is still in a deep environmental crisis. The book argues that environmental pollution can be prevented only through fundamental redesign of the way we produce goods.
 The Bourne Identity is a 1980 spy fiction thriller by Robert Ludlum that tells the story of Jason Bourne a man with remarkable survival abilities who suffers from retrograde amnesia and who must seek to discover his true identity. In the process he must also reason out why several shadowy groups a professional assassin and the CIA want him dead.
 Willpower: Rediscovering the Greatest Human Strength is a book about self-control co-authored by Roy Baumeister professor of psychology at Florida State University and New York Times journalist John Tierney.The book outlines Baumeister's research on Ego depletion surveys why people do not have effective self-control and outlines techniques for improving one's self-control.
 Ectokid is a fantasy comic book series published by Marvel Comics' Razorline imprint created by filmmaker and horror/fantasy novelist Clive Barker.
 Polityka (Polish pronunciation: [pɔˈlitɨka] Politics) is a centre-left weekly newsmagazine in Poland. With a circulation of 200050 (as of April 2011) it is the country's biggest selling weekly ahead of Newsweek's Polish edition and Wprost. Today the magazine has a slightly intellectual socially liberal profile setting it apart from the more conservative Wprost and the glossier approach of Newsweek Poland.
 The Lonely Silver Rain (1985) is the 21st and final novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The work was published a year prior to the author's death and was not intentionally the end of the series. It is also notable for the introduction of McGee's daughter Jean who he unwittingly (but not unwillingly) sired with the now-deceased love interest Puss Killian from the ninth book in the series: Pale Gray for Guilt.
 Zoo City is a 2010 science fiction novel by South African author Lauren Beukes. It won the 2011 Arthur C. Clarke Award and the 2010 Kitschies Red Tentacle for best novel. The cover of the British edition of the book was awarded the 2010 BSFA Award for best artwork and the book itself was shortlisted in the best novel category of the award.
 PLOS Currents is a group of scientific journals published by the Public Library of Science. Submitted articles are reviewed by moderators (a select group of researchers in the journal's field) and are peer-reviewed. Articles are open access archived in PubMed Central and indexed in PubMed as well as Scopus.
 The Naming of the Dead is a crime novel by Ian Rankin. It is the sixteenth of the Inspector Rebus novels. It is set in Edinburgh in July 2005 in the week of the G8 summit in Gleneagles.
 The Middleboro Gazette is a weekly newspaper founded in 1852. Based in Middleborough Massachusetts its coverage area includes Lakeville Middleboro and occasionally Freetown as a result of Freetown and Lakeville sharing a regional school system.The newspaper is produced weekly every Wednesday at the Standard-Times building in New Bedford Mass and circulates on Thursdays.
 Habibi is a graphic novel by Craig Thompson published by Pantheon in September 2011. The 672-page book is set in a fictional Islamic fairy tale landscape and depicts the relationship between Dodola and Zam two escaped child slaves who are torn apart and undergo many transformations as they grow into new names and new bodies which prove to be obstacles to their love when they later reunite.
 The Day the Dancers Came is a 1955 short story written by award-winning Filipino American author Bienvenido N. Santos. Set in 1950s Chicago it is a classic work of the Filipino diaspora.
 Snabba cash or Easy Money is a novel from 2006 by Jens Lapidus. It has been a success in term of sales and the paperback was the fourth best seller of Swedish novels in 2007.[citation needed]
 Scooter Girl is a miniseries by Chynna Clugston which tells the story of two mod revivalists living in California. It is published by Oni Press and was one of Ain't It Cool News's Vroom Socko's Top Ten Comics of the 2000s.
 Monty the Dog who wears glasses is a children's book and cartoon character created by British Author Colin West making his first appearance in the book Monty the Dog who Wears Glasses in 1989.
 Sideways Stories From Wayside School is a 1978 children's novel by American author Louis Sachar and the first book in his Sideways Stories From Wayside School series. The author has written several sequels including Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger. Currently Sideways Stories from Wayside School has sold over 4 million copies.
 Pirateology: A Pirate Hunter's Companion is a book written by Dugald Steer and designed by Nghiem Ta. It was published in 2006 by Templar Publishing in the United Kingdom and Candlewick Press in the United StatesThis book is composed of the remains of what the privateer William Lubber left behind mainly his journal which tells of the chase of Arabella Drummond the notorious female pirate across the seven seas.
 Vocabulario en lengua castellana y mexicana is a bilingual dictionary of Spanish and Nahuatl by Alonso de Molina first published in 1571. It has approximately 23600 entries and grew out of his earlier dictionary Aqui comienca un vocabulario en la lengua castellana y mexicana which had only Spanish-to-Nahuatl and no Nahuatl-to-Spanish section.Molina's Vocabulario is considered the most important dictionary of Classical Nahuatl and has continued to be reprinted into the 20th century.
 Bandera Roja ('Red Flag') was a weekly labour newspaper published from La Paz Bolivia 1926-1927. In total 52 issues of the newspapers were published a record for Bolivian labour publications of the era.
 Perfect Chemistry is the first novel in the trilogy written by author Simone Elkeles and published by Walker Books for Young Readers in 2009 and also made it on the New York Times Best Sellers List. Perfect Chemistry is a part of the Young Adult genre because of the steamy high school romance Elkeles portrays in the novel.
 Elsewhere: An Anthology of Incredible Places is the third short story anthology published by the Canberra Speculative Fiction Guild. Printed in 2003 and edited by Michael Barry it contains stories from several Australian speculative fiction authors.
 Revelation Space is a 2000 science fiction space opera novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds. It was the first novel set in the Revelation Space universe although the then-unnamed universe had already been established by several published short stories.The novel reflects Reynolds's professional background: he has a PhD in Astronomy and worked for many years for the European Space Agency.Revelation Space was short listed for the 2000 BSFA and Arthur C. Clarke Awards.
 Kakashi (案山子 Scarecrow) is a 2001 horror film based on the manga of the same name the film chronicles a tale of Kaoru Yoshikawa whose search for her missing brother Tsuyoshi leads her to Kozukata an isolated village that seems to harbor dark secrets.
 When I Was One-and-Twenty or Poem XIII is the informal name of an untitled poem by A.E. Housman published in A Shropshire Lad in 1896. It is the thirteenth in a cycle of 63 poems. One of Housman's most familiar poems it is untitled but often anthologised under a title taken from its first line. The Oxford Dictionary of Quotations includes fourteen of its sixteen lines.
 Henderson's Boys: One Shot Kill is the sixth book in the Henderson's Boys book series by English author Robert Muchamore. It's set in mid 1943 when the war is starting to turn against the Axis powers. Hitler is developing a radical new weapon which he claims could turn the war back in his favour. Henderson's Boys have to find the weapon and sabotage all efforts to produce it.
 The Touch of Your Shadow the Whisper of Your Name is the fifth book in the series of original science fiction novels based on the Emmy Award-winning series Babylon 5 created by J. Michael Straczynski. This book is authored by Neal Barrett Jr.
 Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters is a memoir written by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow (1958-2012) describing the events of US Airways Flight 1549. The New York Times bestselling autobiography of Capt. Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger — the pilot who landed a crippled airplane in New York's Hudson River saving the lives of the flight's 155 passengers — discusses leadership responsibility and service along with his life story.
 Marine Corps Times (ISSN 1522-0869) is a weekly newspaper serving active reserve and retired United States Marine Corps personnel and their families providing news information and analysis as well as community and lifestyle features educational supplements and resource guides.Marine Corps Times is published by Gannett Government Media which is a part of Gannett Company (NYSE:GCI).
 Among the Missing is a horror novel by American author Richard Laymon. It was first published in 1999 by Headline Publishing.
 Talking Man is a 1986 fantasy novel by American author Terry Bisson. The book tells the story of a Kentucky mechanic called Talking Man. Talking Man is a wizard who creates his own world.
 Little Big Man is a 1964 novel by American author Thomas Berger. Often described as a satire or parody of the western genre the book is a modern example of picaresque fiction. Berger made use of a large volume of overlooked first-person primary materials such as diaries letters and memoirs to fashion a wide-ranging and entertaining tale that comments on alienation identity and perceptions of reality.
 Racists is a 2006 novel by Kunal Basu about a scientific experiment in the mid-19th century in which a white girl and a black boy are raised together as savages on a small uninhabited island off the coast of Africa. The long-term experiment is devised by the racists of the title two rival scientists—one British one French—to once and for all settle the question of racial superiority.
 The Sunday Times is a weekly Sri Lankan broadsheet initially published by the now defunct Times Group until 1991 when it was taken over by Wijeya Newspapers. The paper features articles of journalists such as defence columnist Iqbal Athas and Ameen Izzadeen. The daily counterpart of the Sri Lankan Sunday Times is the Daily Mirror.
 Amyloid: the Journal of Protein Folding Disorders is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original research and review articles on all aspects of the protein groups and associated disorders that are classified as amyloidoses as well as other disorders associated with abnormal protein folding.
 Akhbar-e-Madina (Urdu: اخبار مدینه‎) or Madina for short was a Urdu bi-weekly newspaper published from Bijnor India.The newspaper first appeared in 1912. Madina was founded by Maulvi Majeed Hasan. The first editor of the newspaper was Hamidullah Ansari. The newspaper had its own printing press Madina Press.Madina was one of the most prominent Muslim newspapers in the United Provinces.
 Terre Haute is a 1989 novel by Will Aitken.Terre Haute describes a year in the life of fourteen-year-old Jared McCaverty a bright and attractive young boy going through puberty in Terre Haute Indiana. Jared who comes from a wealthy family is many ways a happy boy but he is overweight socially awkward and gay.
 The Hollywood History of the World is a 1988 book about historical movies written by George MacDonald Fraser.It divides films into seven main ages: The Ancient World (films discussed include One Million Years BC Ben Hur Cleopatra The Robe Demetrius and the Gladiators The Fall of the Roman Empire); Knights and Barbarians (inc. The Vikings Becket The Lion in Winter MacBeth The Adventures of Robin Hood);Tudors and Sea-Dogs (inc.
 Skip Beat! (スキップ・ビート! Sukippu Bīto!) is a Japanese shōjo manga by Yoshiki Nakamura. It is the story of Kyoko Mogami (最上 キョーコ Mogami Kyōko) a 16-year-old girl who discovers that her childhood friend and romantic goal Sho Fuwa only keeps her around to act as a maid and earn his living expenses as he works his way to become the top pop idol in Japan. Furious and heart broken from him admitting to using her she vows to get revenge by beating him in show business.
 The Road to Oz: In Which Is Related How Dorothy Gale of Kansas The Shaggy Man Button Bright and Polychrome the Rainbow's Daughter Met on an Enchanted Road and Followed it All the Way to the Marvelous Land of Oz. is the fifth of L. Frank Baum's Land of Oz books. It was originally published on July 10 1909 and documents Dorothy's fourth visit to Oz.The book was dedicated to Joslyn Stanton Baum the author's first grandson the child of Baum's eldest son Frank Joslyn Baum.
 Steel Fist Riku (拳鋼少女リク Kenkō Shōjo Riku) is a martial arts manga written and illustrated by Jyutaroh Nishino. CMX has released an English version of the manga in the United States Canada and the United Kingdom.
 Land of Unlikeness Robert Lowell's first book of poetry was published in 1944 in a limited edition of two hundred and fifty copies by Harry Duncan at the Cummington Press. The poems were all metered often rhymed and very much informed by Lowell's recent conversion to Catholicism.
 The Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling (usually abbreviated as J. Chem. Inf. Model. JCIM) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1961 by the American Chemical Society. It was originally published as the Journal of Chemical Documentation (JCD) but changed its name in 1975 to Journal of Chemical Information and Computer Sciences (JCICS) and again in 2005 to the current title.
 BMC Biology is an online open access scientific journal that publishes original peer-reviewed research in all fields of biology together with opinion and comment articles. The publication was established in 2003. The journal is part of a series of BMC journals published by the UK-based publisher BioMed Central.
 Malina is a 1971 novel by the Austrian writer Ingeborg Bachmann. It tells the story of a female writer and her relationships with two different men one joyous and one introverted. The book was adapted into a 1991 film with the same title directed by Werner Schroeter from a screenplay by Elfriede Jelinek.
 À Suivre or A SUIVRE (English translation: To Be Continued) was a Franco-Belgian comics magazine published from February 1978 to December 1997 by the Casterman publishing house.
 Legal Education and the Reproduction of Hierarchy: A Polemic Against the System is an essay by Duncan Kennedy on legal education in the United States of America. The work is a critique of American legal education and argues that legal education reinforces class race and gender inequality.
 The Silent Man is a novel written by Alex Berenson author of the previous two thrillers The Faithful Spy and The Ghost War. The novel was released on February 10 2009.
 Blow Up is an Italian monthly music magazine focusing primarily on alternative and obscure music. It specializes in the coverage of house music electronica experimental music industrial music queercore techno and jazz improvisation. Besides articles related to music the magaaine also contains sections devoted to literature and film analysis. The editor of the magazine is Stefano Isidoro Bianchi who is also the founder.
 A Cool Million: The Dismantling of Lemuel Pitkin is Nathanael West's third novel published in 1934. It is a brutal satire of Horatio Alger's novels and their eternal optimism.
 Hornblower in the West Indies or alternately Admiral Hornblower in the West Indies is one of the novels in the series CS Forester wrote about fictional Royal Navy officer Horatio Hornblower.All the other novels in the series take place during the wars with revolutionary and Napoleonic France. This one takes place when Britain is at peace May 1821 - October 1823. Hornblower has been promoted rear-admiral and has been named in command of the West Indies station i.e.
 Abenteuer Archäologie was a German archaeological and science magazine. The magazine was founded in February 2004. Its editor was Reinhard Breuer. The magazine was merged with Epoch magazine.
 Miroljub is a quarterly magazine in Croatian language from Bačkan city of Sombor autonomic province of Vojvodina Serbia.
 Potshot is the 28th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker. The story follows the fictional Boston-based PI Spenser as he tries to identify the killer of a widow's husband. As is often the case Spenser's probing uncovers much more than just a simple—or single—murder.
 In Search of Stupidity: Over 20 Years of High-Tech Marketing Disasters is a book written by Merrill Rick Chapman first published in 2003. This book explores in a humorous tone the art and science of management used by high-technology companies.In Search of Stupidity is a parody of In Search of Excellence. Its central thesis is that the most determinant factor for success in the high-tech market is avoidance of stupid mistakes.
 Of Moths and Men is a controversial book by the journalist Judith Hooper about the Oxford University ecological genetics school led by E.B. Ford. The book specifically concerns Bernard Kettlewell's experiments on the peppered moth which were intended as experimental validation of evolution.
 Shangri-La (シャングリ·ラ Shanguri Ra) is a Japanese science fiction light novel written by Eiichi Ikegami and illustrated by Ken'ichi Yoshida. The novel was initially serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Newtype magazine between April 2004 and May 2005. The chapters were collected into a single bound volume on September 23 2005 and was later re-released in two volumes by Kadokawa both released on October 25 2008.
 For other meanings see Sun News (disambiguation)The Sun News is a daily newspaper published in Myrtle Beach South Carolina in the United States. It serves the Grand Strand region of South Carolina with a daily circulation of 50000 and a Sunday circulation of 60000. It is owned by The McClatchy Company.The Myrtle Beach News was founded as a weekly in 1935 by brothers-in-law C. L. Phillips and J. Clarence Macklen.
 The Process is a novel by Brion Gysin which was published in 1969. Gysin was a painter and composer and also collaborated with Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs on many occasions. The Process was his first full-length novel.Described by The Overlook Press (which published a posthumous edition in 1987) as a powerfully psychological novel The Process tells the story of a professor named Ulys O.
 The German newspaper Die Rote Fahne (The Red Flag) was created on 9 November 1918 by Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg in Berlin first as organ of the left wing revolutionary Spartakusbund. After the founding of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) on 1 January 1919 it became the central publication of the party until 1933.
 There’s a God on the Mic: The True 50 Greatest MCs is a 2003 book by the old school hip hop MC Kool Moe Dee where he ranks what he believes to be the Top 50 greatest MCs of all time giving a breakdown of each artist. The book also features a foreword from Chuck D and includes full color photos from hip hop photographer Ernie Paniccioli.
 Kaze no Daichi (風の大地 Windy Plains) is an ongoing golf manga written by Nobuhiro Sakata (author of Dan Doh!!) and illustrated by Eiji Kazama. It has been published by Shogakukan in Big Comic Original since 1991 and collected in 60 tankōbon volumes as of 2013. It received the 1993 Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.The series is the story of Keisuke Okita who takes up golf at the age of 24 and through talent hard work and good coaching quickly turns pro.
 Seitokai Yakuindomo (生徒会役員共 lit. Student Council Staff Members) is a shōnen four-panel comic strip manga series written and illustrated by Tozen Ujiie. The series began serialization in the June 2007 issue of Kodansha's Magazine Special and ran in that magazine until the July 2008 issue where it was thereafter transferred to Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine in September 2008 and has been running there since.
 Hogg is a novel by Samuel R. Delany often described as pornographic. It was written in San Francisco in 1969 and completed just days before the Stonewall Riots in New York City. A further draft was completed in 1973 in London. At the time it was written no one would publish it due to its graphic and copious descriptions of murder homosexuality child molestation incest coprophilia coprophagia urolagnia anal-oral contact necrophilia and rape.
 Devil in the Grove: Thurgood Marshall the Groveland Boys and the Dawn of a New America by Gilbert King is a book about Thurgood Marshall's defense of four young black men in Lake County Florida who were falsely accused of raping a white woman in 1949.
 The End of Liberalism: The Second Republic of the United States is a non-fiction book by Theodore J. Lowi and is considered a modern classic of political science. Originally published in 1969 (under the title The End of Liberalism with no subtitle) the book was revised for a second edition in 1979 with the political developments of the 1970s taken into consideration. The book examines the developments of government during the years between its publishing and the great depression.
 Girls Bravo (Japanese: GIRLSブラボー Hepburn: Gārusu Burabō) is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Mario Kaneda and serialized from 2000 to 2005 in Shōnen Ace by Kadokawa Shoten. The story focuses on a young high school student who is kicked into a bathtub and transported to a mysterious world with a mostly female population.The anime adaptation of Girls Bravo directed by Ei Aoki and animated by AIC Spirits aired in Japan from 2004 to 2005. There are 24 episodes total.
 The Bloody Sun is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published by Ace Books in 1964. The novel was substantially rewritten expanded and republished under the same title in 1979; Bradley's short story To Keep the Oath was included in this edition and all subsequent reprintings.The expanded rewrite retains the basic plot structure but is more closely connected to several other Darkover books especially The Forbidden Tower.
 Cocohana (ココハナ) is a Japanese josei manga magazine published by Shueisha. Originally published on May 28 1994 as Chorus the magazine changed its name to Cocohana starting with the January 2012 issue. Cocohana is published monthly on the 28th.
 The New York Herald was a large distribution newspaper based in New York City that existed between May 6 1835 and 1924.
 Elephantmen is an American ongoing monthly comic book published by Image Comics and written by Richard Starkings with art by Moritat and a number of other artists. Issue #1 was released in July 2006.
 The Daily Telegraph is a conservative Australian tabloid newspaper published in Sydney New South Wales by Nationwide News part of News Corp. The Tele as it is also known was founded in 1879. From 1936 to 1972 it was owned by Frank Packer's Australian Consolidated Press. That year it was sold to News Limited (now News Corp Australia).
 The Greensboro Review is a literary magazine based at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro in Greensboro North Carolina. It publishes fiction poetry and creative non-fiction on a quarterly basis. Work from the journal is featured in such anthologies as New Stories from the South the O. Henry Prize Stories and the Best American Short Stories. The journal was founded by poet Robert Watson in 1969 and is edited by Jim Clark. The Review awards the Robert Watson Literary Prizes.
 Delirium is a dystopian young adult novel written by Lauren Oliver published in January 2011 about a young girl Lena Haloway who falls in love in a society where love is seen as a disease.
 Tom Swift and His Air Glider or Seeking the Platinum Treasure is Volume 12 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 The Scarlet Fig: or Slowly through a Land of Stone edited by Grania Davis and Henry Wessells and published by Rose Press in 2005 is the third and final novel of the Vergil Magus sequence by Avram Davidson. Following The Phoenix and the Mirror (1969) and Vergil in Averno (1987) The Scarlet Fig follows Vergil's adventures in an alternate ancient Mediterranean world where harpies basilisks and satyrs co-exist with Rome Carthage and the Punic Wars.
 Ploughshares is an American literary magazine established in 1971 by DeWitt Henry and Peter O'Malley in The Plough and Stars an Irish pub in Cambridge Massachusetts. Since 1989 Ploughshares has been based at Emerson College in the heart of Boston. Published in April August and December in quality paperback each issue is guest-edited by a prominent writer who explores personal visions aesthetics and literary circles.
 Rock Jaw: Master of the Eastern Border is the fifth book in the Bone series. It collects issues 29-33 of Jeff Smith's self-published Bone comic book series. The book was published by Cartoon Books in its original black-and-white form in 1998. Paperback and hardback coloured editions were published in February 2007 by Scholastic.This book focuses on the journey of Fone Bone and Smiley Bone. They travel to the mountains to return a baby Rat Creature back to his own kind.
 Peyton Place is a 1956 novel by Grace Metalious. It sold 60000 copies within the first ten days of its release and remained on the New York Times best seller list for 59 weeks. It was adapted as both a 1957 film and a 1964–69 television series.The fictional Peyton Place is a composite of several real New Hampshire towns: Gilmanton Gilford Laconia Manchester and Plymouth where at least some of the work was written in the Plymouth Inn on Main Street. The inn has since been torn down.
 Journal of Family History is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of History and Anthropology. The journal's editor is Roderick Phillips (Carleton University). It has been in publication since 1976 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Mermaid Saga (人魚シリーズ Ningyo Shirīzu) is a series of manga graphic novels in three volumes by Rumiko Takahashi. Two of the stories from the series Mermaid Forest and Mermaid's Scar have been adapted as anime OVAs and all of the tales except one were later produced as an anime TV series.
 Listen Mom and Dad (1977) is an out of print non-fiction book by author Orson Scott Card. It is a child-rearing book. This was Card's first published book.
 Red Rain is a 2012 horror novel by R. L. Stine. Published on October 9 2012 the book is Stine's second adult hardcover horror novel. Stine who was inspired by the films Village of the Damned Island of the Damned and Children of the Damned decided to write the novel for his old audience from the 1990s.
 Journal of Planning Education and Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of planning. The journal's editors-in-chief are Subhrajit Guhathakurta and Nancey Green Leigh (Georgia Institute of Technology). It was established in 1981 and is currently published by Sage Publications in association with the Association of Collegiate Schools of Planning.
 This short collection of work by Will Self was published as part of the Penguin Books 70th birthday celebration. The company printed 70 slimline editions with work by authors previously published by Penguin or one of its imprints. Other authors included Vladimir Nabokov PD James Roald Dahl George Orwell and John Kenneth Galbraith.The two stories in this collection were later published in the collection Tough Tough Toys for Tough Tough Boys.
 Derailed is a thriller novel written by James Siegel and published in February 2003. It tells the story of Charles Schine a man who works in the advertising business who suddenly finds himself having an affair being blackmailed and having the police investigate him for murder all because he missed his usual commuter train one day.
 Living for the Day After Tomorrow (あさっての方向. Asatte no Hōkō) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by J-ta Yamada. The manga was serialized in Mag Garden's magazine Comic Blade Masamune between March 3 2005 and June 15 2007; five bound volumes were released in Japan. The manga was adapted into an anime series produced by J.C.Staff which aired in Japan between October and December 2006.
 From the Earth to the Moon (French: De la terre à la lune) is an 1865 novel by Jules Verne.
 Shattered Mirror is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes published in 2001 when the author was 17. W. B. Yeats’ poem The Two Trees which references broken glass appears in the beginning of the book and is the inspiration for the title. The main theme of the book is that the perceived heroes can sometimes be evil in their actions and the villains can sometime have good sides.
 Break Point is a novel written by Rosie Rushton. It was published by Piccadilly Press Ltd. in 2002.
 The First Three Minutes: A Modern View of the Origin of the Universe is a book written by Steven Weinberg and published in 1977. It attempts to explain the early stages of the Universe after the Big Bang: from Very Early Universe (Planck epoch ending 10−32 seconds after the Big Bang[citation needed]) to the Early Universe (starting of the Photon epoch from 10 seconds after the Big Bang and over).
 El Mundo founded in 1919 was a Puerto Rican newspaper.
 Sakura Trick (桜Trick Sakura Torikku) is a Japanese 4-panel yuri manga series written and illustrated by Tachi. The series began serialization in Houbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Miracle! magazine from March 2011.[citation needed] An anime television series adaptation by Studio Deen aired between January and March 2014.
 Time Out For Ginger is a Broadway comedy by Ronald Alexander that ran 248 performances at the Lyceum Theatre from November 26 1952 to June 27 1953 before becoming hugely popular in regional theatres throughout the 1950s and early 1960s.
 I Hate Hamlet is a dramatic comedy written in 1991 by Paul Rudnick.
 The UCD Law Review is an annual law journal edited by students of University College Dublin's Sutherland School of Law. The journal was established in 2001 by former UCD Law Society Auditor Niall Buckley. The current editor-in-chief is Yvanne Kennedy. The UCD Law Review generally invite a prominent legal personality to write a foreword to introduce an issue and be present at an official launch ceremony.
 Tetsujin 28-gō (鉄人28号 Tetsujin Nijūhachi-gō literally Iron Man #28) is a 1956 manga written and illustrated by Mitsuteru Yokoyama who also created Giant Robo. The series centred on the adventures of a young boy named Shotaro Kaneda who controlled a giant robot named Tetsujin 28 built by his late father.The manga was later adapted into four anime TV series a Japanese television drama and two films one live action and one animated.
 Game Informer (GI) is an American monthly video game magazine featuring articles news strategy and reviews of video games and associated consoles. As of December 2013 over 7.6 million copies are sold each month making it the third-largest magazine in the United States by circulation. Game Informer debuted in August 1991 when Funcoland started publishing a six-page magazine.
 Empty Cities of the Full Moon is a science fiction novel by Howard V. Hendrix first published in 2001.
 George's Marvellous Medicine is a children's book written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake first published in 1981. The book was praised for its imitativeness and humour but was also criticised for its underdeveloped plot and somewhat abrupt ending.
 The Third (ザ・サード Za Sādo) is a light novel series that has also been made into manga and anime series by Ryo Hoshino (星野亮 Hoshino Ryō) and illustrated by Nao Goto (後藤なお Gotō Nao). The anime series goes under the name The Third - Aoi Hitomi no Shōjo (ザ・サード～蒼い瞳の少女～ Za Sādo - Aoi Hitomi no Shōjo The Third - The Girl with the Blue Eye).
 Peptides is a monthly peer reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It was established in 1980 and is edited by Abba Kastin (Pennington Biomedical Research Center). Publishing formats of this journal are original research articles short communications (2 to 6 pages) and review articles. According to the Journal Citation Reports the 2009 impact factor for this journal is 2.705.
 Fear and Trembling (original Danish title: Frygt og Bæven) is an influential philosophical work by Søren Kierkegaard published in 1843 under the pseudonym Johannes de silentio (John of the Silence).
 Ugly Things (UT) is a music magazine established in 1983 based in La Mesa California. The editor is Mike Stax (born 1962 in England). The magazine covers mainly 1960s Beat Garage rock and psychedelic music (Wild Sounds From Past Dimensions). The name Ugly Things is a pun that refers to the band The Pretty Things.
 IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Computational Intelligence Society of the IEEE Computer Society. It covers research in the area of evolutionary and natural computation. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 3.341.
 Children and Television: Lessons from Sesame Street (1974) is a non-fiction book written by Gerald S. Lesser in which he describes the production of Sesame Street and the formation and pedagogical philosophy of the Children's Television Workshop. Lesser was a professor at Harvard University studying how social class and ethnicity interacted with school achievement and was one of the first academics in the US who researched how watching television affected children and their development.
 The Jakarta Globe is a daily English language newspaper in Indonesia launched on November 12 2008.The paper initially came out with an average of 48 pages a day and publishes Monday to Saturday.
 The International Journal of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal focusing on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Fag Hag is a novel by gay writer Robert Rodi published in 1992 by Dutton New York. Set in Chicago Illinois the story is about the love of Natalie Stathis and Peter Leland. Nathalie will do just anything to keep him a point she proves even when Peter falls in love with another man thus the title Fag Hag a gay slang phrase referring to a woman who either associates mostly or exclusively with gay and bisexual men or has gay and bisexual men as close friends.
 For the film see Saturday Night and Sunday Morning (film)Saturday Night and Sunday Morning is the first novel by British author Alan Sillitoe and won the Author's Club First Novel Award.It was adapted by Sillitoe into a 1960 film starring Albert Finney directed by Karel Reisz and in 1964 was adapted by David Brett as a play for the Nottingham Playhouse with Ian McKellen playing one of his first leading roles.[1].
 Tehelka (Hindi: Sensational) is an Indian news organisation mainly known for its investigative journalism which involved sting operations. It was founded by Tarun Tejpal along with Bahal in 2000 as a website. The agency began issuing tabloid newspapers in 2004 and changed it to a magazine from 2007. Its first operation was on match fixing in cricket in 2000 and the second which was its most widely known was Operation West End in 2001.
 Play Ball: Stories of the Ball Field is an 1888 autobiographical collection of baseball stories from Major League Baseball player King Kelly. Kelly had come to Boston one year earlier to play for the Boston Beaneaters. The book was organized and put together by Boston Globe journalist John J. Jack Drohan.Howard W.
 Come Back to the Five and Dime Jimmy Dean Jimmy Dean is a 1976 play by Ed Graczyk originally performed at the Players' Theater in Columbus Ohio. The play revolves around a James Dean fan club that reunites at a Texas five-and-dime store.In 1982 filmmaker Robert Altman directed both a Broadway version at the Martin Beck Theater and a film adaptation of the same name. Altman's version of the play was not well-received with critics at the time.
 Shakedown is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel.
 The Niyogi Committee Report On Christian Missionary Activities is a report published by the Government of Madhya Pradesh in 1956. It is divided into two volumes and three parts. It is a controversial report on missionary activities in India. The Committee which was chaired by M. Bhawani Shankar Niyogi a retired Chief Justice of the Nagpur High Court included five other members viz.
 The Sheboygan Press is a daily newspaper based in Sheboygan Wisconsin. It is part of the Gannett Company chain of newspapers as part of their northeastern and north-central Wisconsin cluster of publications.
 He Shall Thunder in the Sky (2000) (also published as Thunder in the Sky) is the 12th in a series of historical mystery novels by Elizabeth Peters featuring fictional archaeologist and sleuth Amelia Peabody.
 Battle Royale (バトル・ロワイアル Batoru rowaiaru) is a Japanese manga series written by Koushun Takami and illustrated by Masayuki Taguchi. It is based on Takami's novel of the same name telling the story of a class of junior high school children who are forced to fight each other to the death. It was serialized by Akita Publishing in Young Champion Magazine from 2000 to 2005 and later combined into 15 volumes which were released in English by Tokyopop from 2003 to 2006.
 Ringerikes Blad is a local newspaper published in Hønefoss Norway. It covers Ringerike Hole and Jevnaker. It was established in 1845.It has a circulation of 12684 of whom 12227 are subscribers.Ringerikes Blad is published by the company A-pressen Lokale Medier AS which in turn is owned 100% by A-pressen.
 Something Wicked was a quarterly horror science fiction and fantasy print magazine published in South Africa by InklessMedia Publishing. Their first issue was published in the Spring of 2006. In July 2011 it switched to a monthly on-line format.
 A Long Way to Shiloh (known in the USA as The Menorah Men so as not to be thought a Civil War novel) is a thriller by Lionel Davidson. The book won the Crime Writers' Association's Gold Dagger Award.
 Tracks is a novel by Louise Erdrich published in 1988. It is the third in a tetralogy of novels beginning with Love Medicine that explores the interrelated lives of four Anishinaabe families living on an Indian reservation near the fictional town of Argus North Dakota. Within the saga Tracks is earliest chronologically providing the back-story of several characters such as Lulu Lamartine and Marie Kashpaw who become prominent in the other novels.
 Blesk is a daily tabloid newspaper in the Czech Republic. Its name translates as flash.
 Jandar of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the first in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in December 1972 and reprinted twice through September 1977. The first British edition was published by Orbit Books in 1974. It was later gathered together with Black Legion of Callisto into the omnibus collection Callisto: Volume 1 (2000). The book includes a map of Callisto as envisioned in the story.
 Writer of the Purple Rage is a collection of short works by American author Joe R. Lansdale published in 1994. It was nominated for a Bram Stoker Award in the Fiction Collection category. The title is a play on the Philip José Farmer novella Riders of the Purple Wage and before that the Zane Grey novel Riders of the Purple Sage.
 Aftab-e Yazd is a daily Reformist newspaper published in Iran.
 Dragon's Claws is a dysoptian science fiction comic book published by Marvel Comics as well as the eponymous law enforcers known as Dragon's Claws. It was set in the year 8162. Dragon's Claws first appeared in Dragon's Claws #1 (June 1988) and were created by Simon Furman and Geoff Senior.
 Against Therapy: Emotional Tyranny and the Myth of Psychological Healing is a 1988 book by Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson which claims that psychotherapy is a form of socially sanctioned abuse. Psychiatric Times called it a battle cry for the abolition of psychotherapy.According to Masson therapists ask patients to do more than is reasonably possible they distort another person's reality to try to change people in ways that conform to the therapist's concepts and prejudices.
 Blue Remembered Earth is a science fiction novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds first published by Gollancz on 19 January 2012. It describes the efforts of two adult siblings to solve a mystery in the pseudo-utopian 2160s. The novel is the first of the Poseidon's Children trilogy which follows humanity's development over many centuries with the intention of portraying a more optimistic future than anything Reynolds had previously written.
 Kew Bulletin is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal on plant and fungal taxonomy published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew. It was established in 1887. Articles on palynology cytology anatomy phytogeography and phytochemistry that relate to taxonomy are also included.Kew Bulletin began as the Kew Bulletin of Miscellaneous Information started in 1887 by William Turner Thiselton-Dyer then director of the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew.
 Botany (previously Canadian Journal of Botany) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that has been published since 1929 by NRC Research Press.
 Music Perception is a music journal published by University of California Press in Berkeley California. Published five times a year Music Perception publishes empirical and theoretical papers on such topics as psychology psychophysics linguistics neurology neurophysiology artificial intelligence computer technology physical and architectural acoustics and music theory. The ISSN is 0730-7829.
 Wilbur Comics was a comic book published from 1944 to 1965. The comic featured the fictional character Wilbur Wilkin a contemporary of Archie. Wilbur Wilkin actually made his first appearance in Zip Comics #18 three months before Archie's first appearance. Wilbur also made appearances in several other Archie comics such as Pep Comics as a backup feature. Of particular note popular Archie character Katy Keene made her first appearance in Wilbur Comics #5.
 Dita Jug is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Mystery Mile is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in 1930 in the United Kingdom by Jarrolds Publishing London and in the United States by Doubleday Doran New York. Following his first supporting appearance in The Crime at Black Dudley (1929) it is the first of many novels starring the mysterious Albert Campion and introduces his butler/valet/bodyguard Magersfontein Lugg.
 The Lotus Eaters (2010) is an award-winning novel by Tatjana Soli. It tells the story of an American woman Helen Adams who goes to Vietnam to cover the war as a combat photojournalist and love triangle with two men. It was awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction.
 Nowhere Man: The Final Days of John Lennon first published in 2000 and written by New York journalist Robert Rosen who in 1981 had access to John Lennon's diaries is a controversial account of the ex-Beatle's last five years. The book disputes the official view of Lennon as a contented househusband raising his son Sean and baking bread while Yoko ran the family business.
 tabla! is a weekly English language newspaper in Singapore published by Tamil Murasu. Launched in October 2008 it marked its third anniversary on October 2011 with the launch of the tabla! Community Champion Award.
 Akşam (Evening) is a Turkish newspaper founded in 1918 owned by a Cengiz-Kolin-Limak joint venture since July 2013. Considered a centre-left newspaper in 2013 it had a circulation of around 100000.
 Pinball 1973 (1973年のピンボール Sen-Kyūhyaku-Nanajū-San-Nen no Pinbōru) is a novel published in 1980 by Japanese author Haruki Murakami.
 Aritmija is a novel by Slovenian author Jani Virk. It was first published in 2004.
 Template:Needs-sourcesthis page does not provide any sources Encyclopedic content must be verifiable. from wikipedia--no way to verify First Boy is a novel published in 2005 by Gary Schmidt. It was a Mark Twain Award nominee for the 2007-2008 year.
 The Door is a novel by Hungarian writer Magda Szabó (1917–2007). The novel concerns the developing relationship between a young Hungarian writer and her cleaner and is partly autobiographical.It was originally published in Hungary in 1987 and translated into English in 1995 by Stefan Draughon for American publication and again in 2005 by Len Rix for British publication.
 Dead Space: Martyr is a 2010 science fiction novel by B.K. Evenson.
 French Leave is a collection of memoirs written by the English author Michael de Larrabeiti. It was published in 2003 in the United Kingdom by Robert Hale.
 The Life and Adventures of Martin Chuzzlewit (commonly known as Martin Chuzzlewit) is a novel by Charles Dickens considered the last of his picaresque novels. It was originally serialised in 1843 and 1844. Dickens thought it to be his best work but it was one of his least popular novels. Like nearly all of Dickens' novels Martin Chuzzlewit was released to the public in monthly instalments.
 The Redundancy of Courage is a novel by Timothy Mo published in 1991. It is set in the fictitious country of Danu in Southeast Asia which is based on East Timor and is narrated by Adolph Ng an ethnic Chinese businessman educated in Canada.
 The Old-House Journal is an American magazine that specializes in information about the restoration of old houses. Its first issue was published in 1973 as a small pamphlet but later became a nationally published glossy magazine.
 Democracy: An American Novel is a political novel written by Henry Brooks Adams and published anonymously in 1880. Only after the writer's death in 1918 did his publisher reveal Adams's authorship although upon publication the novel had immediately become popular. Contemporaneous conjecture placed the book under the joint authorship of Clarence King John Hay and Henry Adams and their spouses who lived side by side on H street in Washington D.C.
 Fool the World: The Oral History of a Band Called Pixies is a 2005 book by Josh Frank and Caryn Ganz about the American alternative rock band Pixies. The book written as an oral history covers the career of the band from their inception to their breakup in 1993 and eventual reunion in 2004.
 Flugblat (Yiddish: פלוג בלאט 'Leaflet') was a Yiddish-language daily newspaper published from Vilna between October 13 1915 and January 1916 (i.e. during the German occupation of the city). Flugblat was the first Yiddish newspaper to appear in Vilna following the Russian ban on non-Cyrillic press a few months earlier.
 The Big Man is a novel by William McIlvanney published in 1986. The book was adapted into a film in 1986 by David Leland The Big Man starring Liam Neeson Billy Connolly and Hugh Grant.
 The Dragon Murder Case (first published in 1934) is a novel in a series by S. S. Van Dine about fictional detective Philo Vance. It was also adapted to a film version in 1934.A guest at an estate in northern Manhattan (Inwood Hill Park) dives into the swimming pool and disappears.
 L'Express de Toronto is a Toronto-based French language Canadian newspaper.The newspaper was founded in 1976 by Jean Mazaré a student at the Ontario College of Art. The current publisher is Eric Mazaré.
 Hjemmet pronounced yemmet (English: Home) is a Norwegian weekly magazine founded in 1911. The magazine was launched by Hjemmet Mortensen AB which merged with Ernst G. Mortensen Egmont Group in 1992. After the merge it is owned and published by Egmont Group which also publishes Hjemmet (Norway) and Hemmets Journal (Sweden). The magazine contains features articles on food and interior decoration and crosswords. Its circulation was 228313 in 2004.
 Ghost Sweeper Mikami: The Great Paradise Battle!! (Japanese: GS美神 極楽大作戦!! Hepburn: Gōsuto Suīpā Mikami Gokuraku Daisakusen!!) is a Japanese comedic horror manga series written and illustrated by Takashi Shiina. It was published by the weekly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday from 1991 to 1999. In 1993 it won the Shogakukan Manga Award for best shōnen manga.
 Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Club Yonkoma (機動戦士ガンダムSEED SEED Club 4コマ) is an official spin-off Yonkoma from the Mobile Suit Gundam SEED anime and later its sequel Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny. It is a series of parody comics usually four panels long (yonkoma). The comics are a joint venture between Bandai/Sunrise's official Gundam SEED fan club and Newtype Japan magazine. The series has spun off into a line of merchandise including gashapon figures t-shirts etc.
 CD-ROM Today was an American magazine targeted to computer users. Published from 1993 to 1996 by Imagine Publishing (now Future US) the magazine was initially issued once every other month before being changed to a monthly. Each issue included software and hardware reviews as well as a CD containing fonts video and text files system updaters freeware and shareware and demo versions of commercial software.
 Intelligent Computing CHIP (IC CHIP) was a monthly Information Technology magazine published by Network 18 Publishing Ltd (formerly Infomedia 18 Ltd.) since December 2003. It is the Indian edition of the German monthly CHIP which is a registered trademark of Vogel Burda Holding Inc. Jamshed Avari served as the Deputy Editor-in-chief of the magazine from January 2010 to June 2013.
 The Journal of Circuits Systems and Computers was founded in 1991 and is published eight times annually by World Scientific. It covers a wide range of topics regarding circuits systems and computers from basic mathematics to engineering and design.
 The Hanging Valley is the fourth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 1989 but has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Para Todos (Spanish for For Everyone) is a regional Spanish language magazines in the United States. Published by Silvia Ichar the magazine reaches Southern California Latinos through its local distribution as well as subscription base.
 Industrial Magic the fourth in the Women of the Otherworld series is a fantasy novel written by Canadian author Kelley Armstrong. It features the witch Paige Winterbourne.
 The Real Inspector Hound is a short one-act play by Tom Stoppard. The plot follows two theatre critics named Moon and Birdboot who are watching a ludicrous setup of a country house murder mystery in the style of a whodunit. By chance they become involved in the action causing a series of events that parallel the play they are watching.The play was written between 1961 and 1962 drawing on Stoppard's experiences as Bristol theatre critic.
 Evaluation Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Social Sciences. The journal's Interim Editors are Jacob Klerman (Abt Associates Inc) and Robert F. Boruch (University of Pennsylvania). It has been in publication since 1977 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Five Go to Smuggler's Top is the fourth book in the celebrated Famous Five series by the British author Enid Blyton.
 Vice is an international magazine focused on arts culture and news topics. Founded in 1994 in Montreal Quebec Canada in later years the company expanded into Vice Media with divisions including the magazine a website a film production company a record label and a publishing imprint.
 Aikido and the Dynamic Sphere is a non-fiction book about the martial art of aikido.Oscar Ratti and Adele Westbrook husband and wife wrote Aikido and the Dynamic Sphere shortly after they had achieved shodan rank in aikido and a short stay in Japan.
 Six Characters in Search of an Author (Italian: Sei personaggi in cerca d'autore) is a 1921 Italian play by Luigi Pirandello first performed in that year. An absurdist metatheatrical play about the relationship between authors their characters and theatre practitioners it premiered at the Teatro Valle in Rome to a mixed reception with shouts from the audience of Manicomio! (Madhouse!) and Incommensurabile! (Incommensurable!) a reference to the play's illogical progression.
 Alien Legion is a science-fiction comic-book series and associated titles created by Carl Potts Alan Zelenetz and Frank Cirocco for Marvel Comics's Epic Comics imprint in 1983. It features a military unit Force Nomad similar to the French Foreign Legion.
 Daluyong (Tidal Wave or Wave) is a 1986 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Lazaro Francisco. The novel was published in Quezon City Manila in the Philippines by the Ateneo de Manila University Press.
 Short Stories was an American fiction magazine that existed between 1890 and 1959.
 The Trail of the Lonesome Pine is a 1908 romance novel/western novel written by John Fox Jr.. The novel became Fox's most successful and was included among the top ten list of bestselling novels for 1908 and 1909. The novel has been adapted numerous times for both stage and screen.The novel inspired the same-titled song published in 1913.Film adaptations include 1916 silent by Cecil B. DeMille and a 1936 motion picture helmed by Henry Hathaway.
 The Human Comedy is a novel by William Saroyan.
 The Adventures of Mr. Nicholas Wisdom (Polish: Mikołaja Doświadczyńskiego przypadki; in English more accurately The Adventures of Nicholas Experience) written in Polish in 1776 by Ignacy Krasicki is the first novel composed in the Polish language and a milestone in Polish literature.
 Operation Columbus is a juvenile science fiction novel the third in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1959 in the US by Criterion Books in 1960 under the title First on the Moon and in the Netherlands by Prisma Juniores as 'Wedloop naar de Maan' 1963.
 Eclipse is an original novel written by James Swallow and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd. It is Swallow's first Judge Dredd novel.
 The Common Review is the quarterly magazine of the Great Books Foundation. The magazine specializes in nonfiction essays and articles about the books and ideas that matter as well as reviews of new books letters and editorials.
 Nowy Dzień (Polish for New Day) was a short-lived Polish middle-market daily newspaper which appeared from 14 November 2005 until 23 February 2006.
 Ginger Pye is a book by Eleanor Estes about a dog named Ginger Pye. The book was originally published in 1951 and it won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1952.
 Computer Gaming World (CGW) was an American and Canadian computer game magazine published between 1981 and 2006.
 Spirits Stars and Spells: the Profits and Perils of Magic is a 1966 history book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp published by Canaveral Press. The book sold slowly and the remaining stock was taken over by Owlswick Press and sold under its own name with new dust jackets in 1980. It has been translated into Polish.The book constitutes a history of magic and occultism a study of their practices and a debunking of the subject in general.
 Faceache was a comic strip in originally the UK comic Jet first appearing in issue 1 dated 1 May 1971.Drawn by Ken Reid Ricky Rubberneck' was a boy with a bendable bonce (head) his skin like stretch rubber. At will he could scrunge his face into anything. Several of the stories were set at Belmonte School home to two other recurring characters - his friend Cyril and the headmaster Mr. Snipe.
 The Christian Science Monitor (CSM) is an international news organization that delivers global coverage via its website weekly magazine daily news briefing email newsletters Amazon Kindle subscription and mobile site. It was started in 1908 by Mary Baker Eddy the founder of the Church of Christ Scientist. As of 2011 the print circulation was 75052.The CSM is a newspaper that covers international and United States current events.
 Swami Vivekananda: Messiah of Resurgent India (2003) is a book written by Pranaba Ranjan Bhuyan. This book is a comprehensive biography of Swami Vivekananda. The book was published by Atlantic Publishers & Dist New Delhi.
 Dread Mountain is the fifth book in the Deltora Quest children's fantasy series written by Emily Rodda. It continues the quest of Lief Barda and Jasmine to find the seven missing gems of Deltora braving dangers and Guardians in each book. The fourth gem has been found and the fifth is hidden in Dread Mountain. The trio travel to the mountains in search for the emerald.
 Indian Summer (Japanese: こはるびより Hepburn: Koharu Biyori) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Takehito Mizuki. The manga was serialised in MediaWorks's monthly Dengeki Daioh before MediaWorks moved the title to the quarterly Dengeki Moeoh. The manga is licensed in English by ComicsOne.
 Captain (キャプテン Kyaputen) is a baseball manga series by Akio Chiba which ran in Monthly Shōnen Jump (published by Shueisha) from 1972 to 1979. This series ran concurrently with another Chiba manga series Play Ball which ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump (also published by Shueisha) from 1973 to 1978. Captain along with Play Ball won the 22nd Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen in 1977.The manga was adapted into a film by Eiken and released in theaters on 1981-07-18.
 Navbharat Times (NBT) is one of the largest circulated as well as largest read Hindi newspaper of Delhi and Mumbai and Lucknow. It is from the stable of Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd which also publishes other dailies including The Times of India The Economic Times Maharashtra Times and also magazines such as Filmfare and Femina.
 The Orenda is a historical novel by Canadian author Joseph Boyden. It was published by Hamish Hamilton in 2013.
 The Parrot's Theorem is a French novel written by Denis Guedj and published in 1998. An English translation was published in 2000.
 Point of Origin is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell. It is the ninth book in the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series.
 State of Wonder (2011) is a novel by American author Ann Patchett. It is about a drug company employee who journeys to Brazil to bring back information about seemingly miraculous drug research being conducted there by Dr. Swenson on behalf of the company.
 The Last Frontier is a novel written by Scottish author Alistair MacLean and was first published in 1959. It was released in the United States under the title The Secret Ways.
 The Spinnaker is the official student newspaper of the University of North Florida (UNF). The first issue was published August 17 1977. The newspaper is published on a weekly basis during the school year with new issues roughly once a month in the summer. Issues are distributed free around campus and are available in full form on The Spinnaker's website.
 Blue Highways is an autobiographical book by William Least Heat-Moon born William Trogdon.In 1978 after separating from his wife and losing his job as a teacher Heat-Moon 38 at the time decided to take an extended road trip around the United States sticking to only the Blue Highways. He had coined the term to refer to small forgotten out-of-the-way roads connecting rural America (which were drawn in blue on the old style Rand McNally road atlas).
 Rumiko Takahashi Anthology also known as Rumic Theater is a collective manga of many short stories. In Japanese it has been published under several different names at least as Takahashi Rumiko gekijō (高橋留美子劇場) and as Takahashi Rumiko kessakushū (高橋留美子傑作集). Some editions are numbered 1–3 while other editions are unnumbered. Volume 4 currently only exists in an unnumbered edition.
 Insectivorous Plants is a book by British naturalist and evolutionary theory pioneer Charles Darwin first published on 2 July 1875 in London.Part of a series of works by Darwin related to his theory of natural selection the book is a study of carnivorous plants with specific attention paid to the adaptations that allow them to live in difficult conditions.
 Expert Review of Medical Devices is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the clinical use of devices. It was established in 2004 and is published by Informa. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.433.
 Critical Mass is a science fiction short story technically a novelette written by Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth. It was first published in Galaxy Science Fiction magazine in February 1962 almost four years after Kornbluth's death. The tone may reflect a view of American society from even earlier than 1962 depending on how much Pohl updated it before publication.
 Oriental Magic by Idries Shah is a study of magical practices in diverse cultures from Europe and Africa through Asia to the Far East. Originally published in 1956 and still in print today it was the first of this author’s 35 books.
 Woman & Home is a monthly lifestyle magazine for women published by IPC Media. It is editorial director is Sue James.
 Frege: Philosophy of Mathematics is a 1991 book about Gottlob Frege by the British philosopher Michael Dummett.
 Tajjaliyat e Nubuwat (means Manifestations of Prophecy) is a very popular Urdu Islamic Book wrote by Safi Ur Rahman of Mubarakpur. It is based on the life of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. There are many editions: some had 512 pages and some had 416 pages. It is considered to be the best tool to know about the life of Muhammad.[citation needed]
 The Song of the Lark is the third novel by American author Willa Cather written in 1915. The title comes from a painting of the same name by Jules Adolphe Aimé Louis Breton dating from 1884 in the Art Institute of Chicago. It is generally considered to be the second novel in Cather's Prairie Trilogy following O Pioneers! (1913) and preceding My Ántonia (1918).
 Through the Valley of the Nest of Spiders is a novel by Samuel R. Delany wholly rewritten and expanded from In the Valley of the Nest of Spiders a short story that appeared in issue 7 of Black Clock magazine. A set of typographical corrections for the published novel has already been released.
 Der Untertan is the most famous novel by German author Heinrich Mann. It has been translated into English under the titles Man of Straw The Patrioteer and The Loyal Subject (translation by Helmut Peitsch). The title literally means 'The Subject' in the sense of an individual subjected to the rule by an elite.Although the novel was completed in July 1914 shortly before the outbreak of World War I it was not published until 1918 (by Kurt Wolff Verlag of Leipzig).
 Luck or Grace: The Intersect is a novel by Scot C. Taylor published in 2012 to encourage people to choose between entrusting their life to either luck or grace. Incorporating personal experiences with age-old wisdom Taylor articulates the dangers of trusting in Lady Luck and the benefits of enriching one's life with grace.
 The Shadow Speaker (Sun/Hyperion 2007) by Nnedi Okorafor is a young adult first-person novel that takes place in the year 2070. The Shadow Speaker was a Booksense Pick for Winter 2007/2008 a Tiptree Honor Book a finalist for the Essence Magazine Literary Award the Andre Norton Award and the Golden Duck Award and an NAACP Image Award nominee.[citation needed]
 The Deluge (Polish: Potop) is a historical novel by the Polish author Henryk Sienkiewicz published in 1886. It is the second volume of a three-volume series known to Poles as the Trilogy having been preceded by With Fire and Sword (Ogniem i mieczem 1884) and followed by Fire in the Steppe (Pan Wołodyjowski 1886).
 Pure Drivel is a collection of stories by Steve Martin published in 1998 many of which first appeared in The New Yorker.
 Metal was an Argentine heavy metal music magazine edited from 1983 to 1995. It was published by Magendra which also published the magazine Pelo devoted to rock. Metal was the first heavy metal magazine published in Argentina. The initial interviews were taken from foreign magazines but years later they got their own ones with correspondents or by telephone interviews. The magazine also grew from a black&white publication to a few pages in colour as it grew.
 Halden Dagblad was a free newspaper published in Halden Norway.It was owned 100% by A-pressen. It was established with the purpose of competing with Halden Arbeiderblad in the advertising market.It was closed in 2009.
 The Snow published in 2004 is a science fiction novel by the British writer Adam Roberts. It is set in the present day and latterly the near future. It concerns the appearance of a heavy prolonged fall of snow which eventually blankets the earth in a layer of snow literally miles thick.
 Courrier sud translated as Southern Mail and Southern Carrier is the first novel by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry published in 1929.
 Rocky Mount Telegram is a daily newspaper based in Rocky Mount North Carolina.
 My Memories of Old Beijing (Chengnan Jiushi 城南舊事) is an autobiographical novel by Lin Haiyin first published in 1960.
 Goat Song is an award-winning science fiction novelette by Poul Anderson.This story has strong parallels to the Greek myth of Orpheus and Eurydice
 Not to be confused with the Communist paper published in AntwerpHet Vrije Woord (English: Free Speech) was a Dutch-language newspaper published clandestinely in Belgium during the German occupation in World War II. The Vrije Woord was the result of co-operation largely between various different groups including Catholics Jews and Trotskyites and although its circulation was never as extensive as other Flemish underground newspapers it was distinguished by its high-brow content.
 The Fars (Persian: فارس‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaires of this magazine were Forsatoddowleh Shirazi and Fazlollah Banan and it was published in Shiraz since 1913.
 Wikinomics: How Mass Collaboration Changes Everything (ISBN 1591841380) is a book by Don Tapscott and Anthony D. Williams first published in December 2006. It explores how some companies in the early 21st century have used mass collaboration and open-source technology such as wikis to be successful.
 Forbidden City is a novel based on the events of the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989. It is a story of maturation/coming of age.
 Al Messa (in Arabic المساء) is an Arabic daily published in Egypt.
 Historical Atlas of China (中國歷史地圖) is a 2-volume work published in Taiwan in 1980 and 1983. Editors-in-chief: Cheng Kuang-Yu (程光裕) and Hsu Sheng-Mo (徐聖謨). Publisher: Chinese Culture University Press Volume 1: Historical territories. Volume 2: Major cities economic maps irrigation and transportation networks social changes artifacts wars.Unlike many other historical maps that placed emphasis on placenames this set of maps contained many restorations of historical sites.
 The Vientiane Times is an English language newspaper published daily in Vientiane Laos. Established in 1994 as a weekly it went daily in 2004. It is published by Lao Press in Foreign Languages which is a specialised agency of the Ministry of Information and Culture and normally runs to sixteen pages.
 Berenice is a short horror story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in the Southern Literary Messenger in 1835. The story follows a man named Egaeus who is preparing to marry his cousin Berenice. He has a tendency to fall into periods of intense focus during which he seems to separate himself from the outside world. Berenice begins to deteriorate from an unnamed disease until the only part of her remaining healthy is her teeth which Egaeus begins to obsess over.
 Gamereactor is one of Europe's biggest game magazines and gaming sites that covers video games and computer games as well as mobile phone games and indie titles. It started in Denmark in 1998 by Morten Reichel and Claus Reichel (Magazine and Online) - first years under the name Gamez.dk. The Magazine and Online site Gamez.dk took over the online sites Gamereactor.dk .se. no from Egmont Digital in 2001. Egmont started the sites in 1998.
 The Million Pound Bank Note is a short story by the American author Mark Twain.
 NAMA Mia! is a 2011 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the eleventh in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 Emily Climbs is the second in a series of novels by Lucy Maud Montgomery. It was first published in 1925.People were never right in saying I was Anne. But in some respects they will be right if they write me down as Emily.While the legal battle with Montgomery's publishing company (L.C. Page) continued Montgomery's husband Ewan MacDonald continued to suffer clinical depression. Montgomery tired of writing the Anne series created a new heroine named Emily.
 The Philadelphia Business Journal is diversified business media company in Philadelphia Pennsylvania publishing daily stories on pbj.com and social networks and a weekly edition available in print and online. It is published by the American City Business Journals.
 The Elmhurst Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Fridays in Elmhurst Illinois.The Elmhurst Suburban Life was formerly known as the Elmhurst Press.The Elmhurst Suburban Life is published by Suburban Life Media and owned by Shaw Media. Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Northwest Herald Kane County Chronicle Daily Chronicle of DeKalb and The_Herald-News of Joliet.
 Fierce Conversations: Achieving Success at Work and in Life One Conversation at a Time (ISBN 0-42-519337-3) is a self-help book written by Susan Scott about how to have a difficult conversation.
 In Newsweekly known as IN Newsweekly or in newsweekly during some of its publication was a LGBT newspaper based in Boston Massachusetts. It began in 1991 as IN Boston and became IN Newsweekly in 1993 when it merged with other publications and increased its coverage to include other New England states. In 2007 publisher and co-founder Chris Robinson sold the paper to HX Media a New York-based company that published both the New York Blade and HX Magazine.
 The Bastard is a historical novel written by John Jakes and originally published in 1974. It is book one in a series known as The Kent Family Chronicles or the American Bicentennial Series. The novel mixes fictional characters with historical events or people to tell the story of the United States of America in the time period leading up to the American Revolution. The novel was adapted into a four-hour television film in 1978 The Bastard.
 Lovecraft's Legacy was an anthology edited by Robert Weinberg and Martin H. Greenberg and published by Tor Books in 1990.
 Danny and the Dinosaur is a popular children's book by Syd Hoff first published by Harper & Brothers in 1958. It has sold over six million copies and has been translated into a dozen languages. The book inspired two sequels by Syd Hoff: Happy Birthday Danny and the Dinosaur! and Danny and the Dinosaur Go to Camp. It also won the distinction of New York Times Outstanding Book of the Year.Danny and the Dinosaur is designated an I Can Read Book.
 The Accusers is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Wine & Spirits is an American wine magazine. With offices in New York and San Francisco the magazine publishes eight issues annually.In addition to publisher and editor-in-chief Joshua Greene among the contributors are Tara Q. Thomas Patrick Comiskey Patricio Tapia Peter Liem with additional contributing writers such as David Schildknecht Fiona Morrison MW Bill St.
 Drakon is a follow-up to S. M. Stirling's alternate history series The Domination.
 Dawn Wind is a historical novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1961 by Oxford University Press with illustrations by Charles Keeping. It takes place in Britain in the sixth century after the Saxons Angles and Jutes have gained dominion over most of Britain. Owain a descendent of Roman and British soldiers is the only survivor of a battle near Bath.
 The Gourd of Xanth in Piers Anthony's Xanth series is the headquarters of the Night Stallion where nightmares are made.
 Flambards in Summer is a novel for children or young adults by K. M. Peyton first published by Oxford in 1969 with illustrations by Victor Ambrus. It completed the Flambards trilogy (1967–1969) although Peyton continued the story a dozen years later and controversially reversed the ending in Flambards Divided.
 Ehya (Persian: احیا‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Abdolhosein Zorriasatein and it was published in Shiraz since 1911.
 Grey Star the Wizard is the first book in the World of Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever and written by Ian Page. It is one of four books in the mini-series and features Grey Star for whom the first book is named a young Wizard trained by the enigmatic Shianti to stop the Wytch-King and his Shadakine Empire. All four of the Grey Star books were released by Project Aon along with many of the other installments of the Lone Wolf series.
 Paradise Lust: Searching for the Garden of Eden is a 2011 book by Brook Wilensky-Lanford that discusses efforts to locate the Garden of Eden.Wilensky-Lanford writes that more people began to search for the garden to reassert the truth of the Bible after the advent of Darwinism. The book focuses on 20th-century individuals who have sought to locate the garden.
 Aligarh Institute Gazette was a journal edited and published by Sir Syed Ahmed Khan. It was introduced first in Aligarh Institute by Sir Syed Ahmed Khan. It was published until death of Syed Ahmed Khan (1866–1926).
 Leukemia is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Nature Publishing Group. It was established in 1987 by Nicole Muller-Bérat Killman and Sven-Aage Killman and is currently edited by Muller-Bérat Killmann. The journal covers research on all aspects of leukemia.
 Jonathan Livingston Seagull written by Richard Bach is a fable in novella form about a seagull learning about life and flight and a homily about self-perfection. It was first published in 1970 as Jonathan Livingston Seagull — a story. By the end of 1972 over a million copies were in print Reader's Digest had published a condensed version and the book reached the top of the New York Times Best Seller list where it remained for 38 weeks.
 The Stellar Missiles is a collection of science fiction short stories by author Ed Earl Repp. It was published in 1949 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 500 hardcover and 200 paperback copies. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Science Wonder Stories Amazing Stories and Planet Stories.
 Frost & Fire is a 288-page collection of short stories and essays by Roger Zelazny. It was printed in 1989 by William Morrow.
 Pavane for a Dead Girl (亡き少女の為のパヴァーヌ Naki Shōjo no Tame no Pavane) is a Japanese manga series illustrated and written by Koge Donbo. The manga started serialization in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Comic Blade on July 30 2008 published by Mag Garden. It is ongoing with six volumes to date.[citation needed]English-language distribution was being handled by Tokyopop; however they were only able to publish the first volume before closing in May 2011 due to bankruptcy.
 The New Electric Railway Journal (ISSN 1048-3845) was a quarterly American magazine primarily about electric urban rail transit in North America published from 1988 to 1998 with an international circulation. Its name was a tribute to a much earlier magazine with similar coverage the Electric Railway Journal published (by McGraw-Hill) from 1908–1931. The first issue was that dated Autumn 1988.
 The Atmospheric Railway: New and Selected Stories is a 2008 short story collection by British author Shena Mackay comprising thirteen new stories and twenty-three selected from earlier collections.
 Aspen Seasons is a special anthology published semi-annually by Aspen Comics. The series features special short stories focussing on specific Aspen characters. While these stories are not usually vital to their regular titles they do add more depth to the context of the comic in question. The anthology has also been a useful outlet for introducing new Aspen artists such as Micah Gunnell and Marcus To.
 They Call Me Baba Booey is an American autobiography by radio producer Gary Dell'Abate with Chad Millman. In December 2010 InfoMania interviewed Dell'Abate about the book. Published by Villard an imprint of Random House the book was released on November 2 2010.
 Laidlaw is the first novel of a series of crime books by William McIlvanney. It features DI Laidlaw and DC Harkness his assigned assistant in their attempts to find the brutal sex related murderer of a Glasgow teenager. Laidlaw is marked by his unconventional methods in tracking the killer immersing himself in a '70s Glasgow featuring violence and bigotry.This novel is considered the first 'Tartan Noir' and is cited as being inspiration for the Rebus novels by Ian Rankin.
 The Alchemy of Stone is the third novel by Ekaterina Sedia. It is an urban fantasy/steampunk novel dealing with an automaton's involvement in a proletarian revolution in the fictional city of Ayona.
 A Night in Terror Tower is the twenty-seventh book in the Goosebumps series by R. L. Stine. It was adapted into a two-part episode an audiobook and a board game.
 Although Saplings (1945) is generally regarded as one of Noel Streatfeild's novels for adults published under her pseudonym Susan Scarlett it is at least partially told from the perspective of four children - Laurel Tony Tuesday and Kim as well as from the perspective of their mother Lena. The Wiltshires are an idyllic middle-class family living in the comforts of Regent's Park in pre-Second World War London.
 The Cornell International Law Journal is one of the oldest international law journals in the United States. It was founded in 1967 by members of the Cornell Society of International Law at Cornell Law School. The Journal is published three times a year and hosts a symposium every spring in Ithaca New York. In addition to the print edition the Journal also published an online-version in paginated PDF format.
 Current Sociology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles in the field of sociology. It is an official journal of the International Sociological Association since 1952 when the journal was established.
 Nature Biotechnology is a peer reviewed scientific journal published monthly by the Nature Publishing Group. The chief editor is Andrew Marshall who is part of an in-house team of editors. The focus of the journal is biotechnology including research results and the commercial business sector of this field. Coverage includes the related biological biomedical agricultural and environmental sciences.
 Global Asia is a quarterly magazine published by the East Asia Foundation. Similar in concept to Foreign Policy and Foreign Affairs Global Asia deals with global issues but with a special focus on Asia. The editor-in-chief is Chung-in Moon of Yonsei University.Previous issues have covered topics such as: North Korea's nuclear problem 2012 Nuclear Security Summit China's rise India's development global financial crisis and green growth.
 The Aliens of Earth is a collection of science fiction stories by author Nancy Kress. It was released in 1993 and was the author's first book published by Arkham House . It was published in an edition of 3520 copies. Most of the stories originally appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine.
 Code of the Clans is a field guide in the Warriors novel series. Code of the Clans is about the Warrior code and includes an ominous sign from StarClan that signaled the need to patrol borders the unexpected help from a warrior ancestor that cemented the importance of elders a secret coup that led to a deputy's new role a medicine cat's pleas that stopped a spree of inner Clan bloodshed and many more stories.
 Labyrinth is an archaeological mystery English-language novel written by Kate Mosse set both in the Middle Ages and present-day France. It was published in 2005.It divides into two main storylines that follow two protagonists Alaïs (from the year 1209) and Alice (in the year 2005). The two stories occur in a shared geography and intertwine.
 The Albany Democrat-Herald is the daily newspaper of Albany Oregon United States. Lee Enterprises owns both the Democrat-Herald and the Corvallis Gazette-Times. The two papers publish a joint Sunday edition the Mid-Valley Sunday. The newspaper covers Albany Lebanon Jefferson Halsey Tangent Harrisburg Brownsville Shedd and Sweet Home. The Democrat-Herald started as a political tool for one of Oregon's first senators.
 Hen (変) is a seinen manga which was the first work created by manga artist Hiroya Oku who is best known for Gantz.There are two separate series of Hen but they share the same setting and characters from the first series appear in the second.
 Biologics: Targets and Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the clinical application of biologic agents in the management of pathologies where a molecular target can be identified. The journal was established in 2007 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah is a novel by writer and pilot Richard Bach. First published in 1977 the story questions the reader's view of reality proposing that what we call reality is merely an illusion we create for learning and enjoyment. Illusions was the author's followup to 1970's Jonathan Livingston Seagull.
 BBC MindGames was a British magazine devoted to puzzles brainteasers and articles concerning the mind. It was published every four weeks. Its name was taken from the BBC Four show Mind Games.The magazine was launched in 2006 by Cam Winstanley who edited the first three issues. From issue four (September 2006) Cavan Scott took over the editorship bringing in more variety and a broader less haughty tone.
 The Canadian Amateur (TCA) is a bimonthly amateur radio enthusiast magazine published in Canada. The magazine is published in English and French and draws its subscription base primarily from Canada. The magazine is published six times per year by the Radio Amateurs of Canada. It is a membership journal that is included in membership with the RAC. The publishers of The Canadian Amateur do not pay for articles published in the magazine.
 TV Comic was a British comic book published weekly from 9 November 1951 until 29 June 1984. Originally started by Beaverbrook it was published by Polystyle Publications from 1960 and featured stories based on television series running at the time of publication. The first issue ran to eight pages with Muffin the Mule on the front cover. It also featured many other TV favourites of the day including Mr.
 I Don't Like You at All Big Brother! (Japanese: お兄ちゃんのことなんかぜんぜん好きじゃないんだからねっ!! Hepburn: Oniichan no Koto Nanka Zenzen Suki Janain Dakara ne—!!) (referred to as OniSuki for short) is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kouichi Kusano which began serialization on Futabasha's Web Comic High! service from August 2008. It has been licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment.
 Skinny Bitch Bun in the Oven: A Gutsy Guide to Becoming One Hot and Healthy Mother! is the third book from Rory Freedman and Kim Barnouin. The book is aimed for pregnant women who want to live a healthy vegan lifestyle. The book performed poorly in comparison with other books by Freedman and Barnouin selling only 26000 copies.
 Jud Süß is a novella by Wilhelm Hauff based on the historical Jewish banker and financial planner Joseph Süß Oppenheimer. In Hauff's novella Joseph Süß Oppenheimer believes he is a Jew. His unfair business practices result in the betrayal of an innocent girl. Consequently he is arrested and sentenced to be hanged. While he waits to be executed he discovers that he is not Jewish but he prefers to face his sentence rather than turning his back on the community he grew up in.
 Confession of a Murderer (German: Beichte eines Mörders) is a 1936 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth. It has the subtitle Told in One Night (Erzählt in einer Nacht). The narrative focuses on an exile Russian Golubchik who tells what he claims to be his life's story to an alcoholic writer.
 A Dictionary of Modern Slang Cant and Vulgar Words is a dictionary of slang originally compiled by publisher and lexicographer John Camden Hotten in 1859. The first edition was published in 1859 with the full title and subtitle: A dictionary of modern slang cant and vulgar words: used at the present day in the streets of London the universities of Oxford and Cambridge the houses of Parliament the dens of St. Giles and the palaces of St.
 The Knoxville Register was an American newspaper published primarily in Knoxville Tennessee during the 19th century. Founded in 1816 the paper was East Tennessee's dominant newspaper until 1863 when its pro-secession editor Jacob Austin Sperry (1823–1896) was forced to flee advancing Union forces at the height of the Civil War. Sperry continued to sporadically publish the Register in Atlanta and later Bristol until he was finally captured by Union forces in December 1864.Frederick S.
 The Herald-Press is a weekly newspaper published in Harvey North Dakota in the United States. It was founded in 1985 by Charles Eldredge who merged the Harvey Herald with the Wells County Free Press of Fessenden. Eldredge retired in 2001. The paper's circulation is around 2100.
 Indian Tales is a collection of connected short narratives written and illustrated by Jaime de Angulo published by A. A. Wyn in 1953. The stories revolve around an anthropomorphic animal family traveling across California and encountering various mythological figures such as Old Man Coyote Loon Woman and various animal tribes who live as the indigenous peoples of California did in pre-European times.
 Slow Train to Izmir is a play written by Mark Angus. It has been performed at the Southwark Playhouse where it was directed by Maggie Zolinsky. The play is based on a true story and focuses on the Anglo-Dutch archaeologist James Mellaart. In the late 1950s and early 1960s he was accused of in turn stealing an invaluable collection of Neolithic artefacts found near Dorak in Turkey and ultimately of fabricating their entire existence.
 State of War: The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration is documentary review written by Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist for The New York Times James Risen.
 The Gingerbread Girl is a novella by Stephen King that was originally published in the July 2007 issue of Esquire. It was later included in King's Just After Sunset collection in 2008. The Gingerbread Girl was also released as an audiobook read by Mare Winningham by Simon & Schuster Audio on May 6 2008. The title is an allusion to the fairy tale The Gingerbread Boy (also known as The Gingerbread Man).
 All I Need Is Love: A Memoir is the autobiography of the German actor Klaus Kinski first published in 1988. It was withdrawn from publication then after the author's death retranslated retitled and republished in 1996 as Kinski Uncut: The Autobiography of Klaus Kinski.
 Deliverance is a 1970 novel by James Dickey his first. It was adapted into a 1972 film by director John Boorman. In 1998 the editors of the Modern Library selected Deliverance as #42 on their list of the 100 best 20th-Century novels. The novel was included on Time magazine's list of the 100 best English-language novels written since 1923.
 Moral Disorder (ISBN 0-7475-8162-2) is a collection of connected short stories by Margaret Atwood. It was first published on 4 September 2006 by McClelland and Stewart. It chronicles the hidden pains of a troubled Canadian family over a 60 year span.
 La Opinión is a Spanish-language daily newspaper published in Los Angeles California USA and distributed throughout the six counties of Southern California. It is the largest Spanish-language newspaper in the United States and second-most read newspaper in Los Angeles (after The Los Angeles Times). It is published by Impremedia LLC. Its Impremedia shares are held by Lozano Enterprises the private equity company of the Lozano family.
 Clean Break is a children's novel by Jaqueline Wilson first published in Britain in 2005. It deals with the consequences of a father abandoning his family.
 The Last Legion is a novel by the Italian author Valerio Massimo Manfredi. It was first published in 2002.
 Manga Time (まんがタイム Manga Taimu) is a Japanese monthly yonkoma manga magazine published by Hōbunsha since June 1981. The magazine is released monthly on the seventh. Manga Home is printed as B5 size. The magazine is sometimes referred to as simply Time (タイム Taimu). It was created in 1981 by spinning off from Japan's first weekly manga magazine Weekly Manga Times creating Japan's first yonkoma manga magazine.
 The Indian Journal of Radiology and Imaging is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Radiology and Imaging Association. The journal covers all aspects of radiology including interventional radiology utlrasonography mammography resonance imaging.
 25 Bridge Conventions You Should Know is a book on contract bridge co-written by Canadian teacher and author Barbara Seagram and British player and author Marc Smith. It was published by Master Point Press in 1999.The book is aimed at beginners with each chapter outlining a single convention including takeout doubles negative doubles and cuebid raises.
 Power of the Sword is a novel by Wilbur Smith set before and during World War Two.It starts in the 1930s and covers the Berlin Olympics World War Two an assassination attempt on Jan Smuts and the 1948 South African election which saw the official introduction of apartheid.
 The Rosales Saga also known as the Rosales Novels is a series of five historical and political novels written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José. Chronologically it is composed of five interconnected novels namely Po-on (written in 1984) Tree (written in 1978) My Brother My Executioner (written in 1973) The Pretenders (written in 1962) and Mass (written in 1973).
 The Nine Wrong Answers first published in 1952 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which does not feature any of Carr's series detectives. This novel is a whodunnit mystery with an emphasis on the puzzle aspect. The title derives from Carr's atypical use of footnotes to address the reader remarking on certain interpretations of events conclusions or mystery cliches and telling the reader to discard them while also urging a very literal interpretation of text.
 Suspicion (German: Der Verdacht) is a crime novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt. It has also been published as The Quarry. It is the sequel to Dürrenmatt's The Judge and His Hangman.
 The World Set Free is a novel written in 1913 and published in 1914 by H. G. Wells. The book is based on a prediction of nuclear weapons of a more destructive and uncontrollable sort than the world has yet seen.
 Blade of the Immortal (無限の住人 Mugen no Jūnin lit. The Inhabitant of Infinity) is a Japanese manga series by Hiroaki Samura. The series is set in Japan during the mid-Tokugawa Shogunate period and follows the cursed samurai Manji who has to kill 1000 evil men in order to regain his mortality. The manga was originally published in Afternoon from June 25 1993 – December 25 2012. A 2008 anime adaption was produced Bee Train and Production I.G.
 World's Best Science Fiction: 1968 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr the fourth volume in a series of seven. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in 1968. It was reprinted by the same publisher in 1970 under the alternate title World's Best Science Fiction: Fourth Series.
 Coeur d'Alene Press is a US daily newspaper serving the Coeur d'Alene Idaho area. It is owned by Duane Hagadone and the Hagadone Newspaper Group. The paper's target market includes Kootenai and Bonner counties.
 Marriage is a 1912 novel by H. G. Wells.
 Under the Eagle is the first book in the Eagle Series by Simon Scarrow and is his début novel.It starts on the Rhine Frontier in 42 and centres on Quintus Lucinius Cato a newly appointed Optio and his commanding Centurion Macro.
 Journal of Volcanology and Geothermal Research is a scientific journal that publishes recent research on the fields of volcanology and geothermal activity.
 The Blowfish is the satirical newspaper on the Brandeis campus. It began as a supplement in The Hoot but became an independent newspaper by its second edition on January 27 2006.[citation needed] The name The Blowfish comes from the band Hootie & the Blowfish referencing the newspaper it was originally a part of. It is published about every two weeks while Brandeis is in session. The paper usually consists of four pages but can be up to eight pages for special editions.
 A Hymn Before Battle is the first book in John Ringo's Legacy of the Aldenata series. Earth is introduced to extraterrestrial life by the Galactics who tell the leaders of the World that an invasion by another alien race the Posleen is coming. Earth's military forces are made available to the Galactics in exchange for technology to help stop the onslaught but it is unclear just who can be trusted as the invasion nears.
 Africa Renewal is a magazine published by the United Nations. The magazine focuses on the critical economic political and social situation in Africa.
 Effortless Mastery is a book written by jazz pianist Kenny Werner that deals with musical freedom for musicians.
 Sunrise at Campobello is a 1958 play by American producer and writer Dore Schary based on U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's struggle with polio. The film version was released in 1960.
 The Heart of the Warrior is a Star Trek: Deep Space Nine novel written by John Gregory Betancourt.In Voyages of Imagination Betancourt remarked Worf has always been one of my favorite characters and I wanted to write a book about him but set in the Dominion where he would find a challenge to his hand-to-hand combat skills.
 L'Officiel Hommes is a French fashion magazine for men adapted from L'Officiel also of Editions Jalou. It has been published in Paris since 2005 and targets men interested in fashion and leaves out much fashion criticism.
 Am Féillire (Scottish Gaelic pronunciation: [əm ˈfeːʎəɾʲə]) was an annual magazine in Scottish Gaelic that was first published in 1872 under the name Almanac Gàilig air son 1872 in Inverness by J. Noble and ran to 44 pages.It appeared again the following year under the name Am Féillire. Further editions appeared in 1875 1900 and then annually until 1908 and following a long gap finally in 1938. It varied in length having up to 96 pages.
 Frontline (ISSN 0970-1710) is a fortnightly English language magazine published by The Hindu Group of publications from Chennai India. Narasimhan Ram is the editor-in-chief of the magazine. As a current affairs magazine it covers domestic and International news. Frontline gives a prominent place to various issues of development and hindrances in the Indian states.
 The God of the Razor is a collection of short stories by American writer Joe R. Lansdale. It also contains the early Lansdale novel The Nightrunners. It was published by Subterranean Press in 2007. Interior illustrations are by artist Glenn Chadborne. Cover artist is Timothy Truman. This book was published as a limited edition and a deluxe lettered edition.
 Blood Wedding (Spanish: Bodas de Sangre) is a tragedy by Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca. It was written in 1932 and first performed in Madrid in March 1933 and later that year in Buenos Aires. Theatre critics often group it with Yerma and The House of Bernarda Alba as the Rural Trilogy. Lorca's plan for a trilogy of the Spanish earth remained unfinished at the time of his death (he did not include The House of Bernarda Alba in it).
 Best Student Council (極上生徒会 Gokujō Seitokai) is a manga series that began February 2005. It was quickly adapted into an anime television series produced by Konami and J.C.Staff which originally aired on TV Tokyo from April to September 2005. A PS2 dating sim game of the same name based on the anime was also made by Konami. The development staff includes composer Yoko Shimomura of Street Fighter II and Kingdom Hearts fame.The North American DVD was released by ADV Films in 2007.
 Mind Over Ship is a science fiction novel by David Marusek released on January 20 2009.Mind Over Ship is a sequel to the 2005 Marusek novel Counting Heads.
 An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations generally referred to by its shortened title The Wealth of Nations is the magnum opus of the Scottish economist and moral philosopher Adam Smith. First published in 1776 the book offers one of the world's first collected descriptions of what builds nations' wealth and is today a fundamental work in classical economics.
 The English Teacher is a 1945 novel written by R. K. Narayan. This is the third and final part in the series preceded by Swami and Friends (1935) and The Bachelor of Arts (1937).This novel dedicated to Narayan's wife Rajam is not only autobiographical but also poignant in its intensity of feeling. The story is a series of experiences in the life of Krishna an English teacher and his quest towards achieving inner peace and self-development.
 The Bang-Bang Club: Snapshots from a Hidden War is an autobiographical book about the Bang-Bang Club a group of four South African photographers active within the townships of South Africa during the Apartheid period particularly between 1990 and 1994. It was co-written by two of the four members of the Bang-Bang Club Greg Marinovich and Joao Silva. The foreword was written by Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
 The Confidente is a weekly tabloid newspaper in Namibia. It was established by Max Hamata in 2011 as a weekly newspaper it publishes in English.
 FlyPast is a magazine published monthly edited by Nigel Price. The magazine started as a bi-monthly edition in May/June 1981 and its first editor was the late Mike Twite. It is owned by Key Publishing Ltd of Stamford Lincolnshire and the magazine's main former editor until 2010 was Ken Ellis.
 Harbingers is the tenth volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published by Gauntlet Press in a signed limited first edition (May 2006) later as a trade hardcover from Forge (September 2006) and finally as a mass market paperback from Forge (August 2007).
 Anna Mercury is a comic book limited series created by Warren Ellis published by Avatar Press with art by Facundo Percio. Issue 1 was released on 2 April 2008. Three issues of a second limited series titled Anna Mercury 2 have thus far been released.
 Harry and the Wrinklies is a children's novel written by British author Alan Temperley. The book was published in paperback in February 1998 by Scholastic. It was Temperley's second published novel after Murdo's War in 1988. A sequel Harry and the Treasure of Eddie Carver was released in hardback in March 2004.
 Eve's Diary is a comic short story by Mark Twain. It was first published in the 1905 Christmas issue of the magazine Harper's Bazaar and in book format in June 1906 by Harper and Brothers publishing house.
 Creepy Carrots is a junior picture book written by Aaron Reynolds and illustrated by Peter Brown. The 40 page picture book was published on August 21 2012 by Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers.
 Pep Comics is the name of an American comic book anthology series published by the Archie Comics predecessor MLJ Magazines Inc. (commonly known as MLJ Comics) during the 1930s and 1940s period known as the Golden Age of Comic Books.
 The Dark Haired Girl is a collection of essays poems and letters by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Mark V. Ziesing in 1989.Ziesing considers this the necessary companion volume to the complete collected works of the author. The letters in particular provide graphic evidence of Dick's all-too-human qualities within the context of his multiple relationships and/or marriages.
 Priscilla's Pop was a comic strip drawn by Al Vermeer. Syndicated by the Newspaper Enterprise Association it ran from 1946 until 1983.
 Usagi Yojimbo (兎用心棒 Usagi Yōjinbō lit. rabbit bodyguard) is a comic book series created by Stan Sakai that first appeared in Albedo Anthropomorphics #2 published by Thoughts and Images in November 1984. Stan Sakai accepted an offer to move his warrior rabbit to Fantagraphics Books where he appeared in several issues of the new anthropomorphic anthology series Critters.
 Göteborgs-Posten (G-P) is a major daily newspaper in Sweden. It is published in Gothenburg with containing coverage of local regional national and international issues. It is chiefly distributed in western Götaland. It has the second largest national circulation after Dagens Nyheter and before Svenska Dagbladet. It reaches about 600000 people every day with a circulation of 245700 in 2006. According to its publisher seven out of ten Gothenburgers read Göteborgs-Posten every day.
 Three Hands in the Fountain is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Will the Boat Sink the Water?:The Life of China's Peasants is a 2006 non-fiction book authored by husband and wife team Chen Guidi and Wu Chuntao.
 The Shillong Times is an Indian newspaper. It is North-East India's oldest English-language daily) started as a tabloid-sized weekly on August 10 1945 on a treadle machine in Shillong. The Shillong Times switched to modern computer typesetting and offset printing technique on August 15 1991 and the first issue in broadsheet format came into being.
 Guns & Ammo is a magazine dedicated to firearms hunting competitive shooting reloading and other shooting-related activities in the United States.The magazine primarily offers reviews on guns ammunition scopes and shooting gear; as well as historical articles gun collecting self-defense and alerts on gun rights.
 The Temple of Gold is a 1957 novel by William Goldman. It was Goldman's first novel written in three weeks over the summer he graduated from college in June-July 1956. Goldman had never written a novel before but had several years experience of writing short stories. The title Temple of Gold was taken from the film Gunga Din.The novel was accepted by the first publisher he sent it to.
 Husbands: The Comic is a digital comic book series published by Dark Horse Comics. The series serves as a canonical continuation of the acclaimed newlywed sitcom Husbands following the events of its third season and is written by the television series’ creators Brad Bell and Jane Espenson. The storyline follows Cheeks and Brady after they receive a mysterious wedding present which sets in motion a chain of events thematic to the rabbit hole metaphor.
 Seven-O-Heaven is a weekly comic strip created and written by Andrew Goff that appears in an alternative weekly newspaper in the United States. The comic is notable for being a rare example of a weekly strip published in a newspaper to exclusively use photographs as opposed to drawings.Seven-O-Heaven debuted in the North Coast Journal on May 6 2009 concentrating mainly on local issues and locations. The strip stars its creator Andrew Goff and Will Startare.
 Solar Boy Django (太陽少年ジャンゴ Taiyō Shōnen Jango) is a manga series based on the Boktai series of video games. The manga was written by Makoto Hijoka and published in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comic from September 2003 to July 2007.The story follows Django a young vampire hunter searching for his older brother Sabata.
 Poetry Review is the magazine of the Poetry Society edited by the poet Maurice Riordan. Founded in 1912 shortly after the establishment of the Society previous editors have included such poets as Muriel Spark Don Paterson Adrian Henri and Andrew Motion.
 The Encyclopedia Rizaliana is one of the more recent subject-specific encyclopedias in the English language. As the name suggests it is published mainly for those who would like to know and learn more about the Philippines' foremost patriot Dr. Jose Protasio Rizal: his life his works and his continuing influences.
 Hispanic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on research in Hispanic and Luso-Brazilian literature and culture. The journal was created in 1933 to replace the French journal Revue Hispanique that had just stopped publication.[citation needed] Since its creation the journal has been edited by the Department of Romance Languages at the University of Pennsylvania. The journal is published quarterly by the University of Pennsylvania Press.
 Wildcat is an early short story by the American author Flannery O'Connor. It is one of the six stories included in O'Connor's 1947 master's thesis The Geranium: A Collection of Short Stories and was published posthumously in The North American Review in 1970. It later appeared in the 1971 collection The Complete Stories.In this story the main character Old Gabriel a blind elderly African American man is afraid of a wildcat which he can supposedly smell.
 James and the Giant Peach is a popular children's novel written in 1961 by British author Roald Dahl. The original first edition published by Alfred Knopf featured illustrations by Nancy Ekholm Burkert. However there have been various reillustrated versions of it over the years done by Michael Simeon for the first British edition Emma Chichester Clark Lane Smith and Quentin Blake. It was adapted into a film of the same name in 1996.
 ToTo!: The Wonderful Adventure (トト! The Wonderful Adventure) is a Japanese manga series which first appeared in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in March 2003. The series has gone to be published by various manga publishing houses. The series is a manga parody of the Wizard of Oz.
 Hip Hop High School (2006) is a novel by American author Alan Lawrence Sitomer.
 Irish Gold is the first of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.The title Irish Gold is referring to the gold allegedly accepted by Roger Casement in order to finance the resistance against the English crown.
 Justice League Task Force was an American monthly comic book series published by DC Comics from June 1993 to August 1996; it lasted 37 issues. At the time the Justice League was featured in three separate series: Justice League America Justice League Europe (JLE) and Justice League Quarterly (JLQ). Justice League Task Force was a spinoff of Justice League Europe a series which ran from April 1989 to May 1993.
 Foundations and Trends in Econometrics is a journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of econometrics. The editor-in-chief is William H. Greene (New York University).
 The Industrial Minerals (IM) publication is a specialist online service (supported by a monthly print magazine) covering all aspects of the non-metallic minerals industry. This is represented by its tagline: from mine to market.
 The Canon of Judo is a book was originally published in 1956 and written by Kodokan 10th dan Kyuzo Mifune (1883-1965). The book covers almost all of the Kodokan recognized techniques adds variations and new techniques including Do-Jime in passing as well. The book also describes fifteen Kata developed by Mifune to teach adaptation through reversal and counters.
 Financial Advisor is an financial services magazine which delivers market information for financial advisors.Articles focus on investment strategies and management advice for advisors of affluent clientsIts targeted readership includes financial planners investment advisors and broker-dealers. It is published by Charter Financial Publishing Network and has a circulation of 105000.
 Of Men and Monsters is a science fiction novel by William Tenn (a pseudonym Philip Klass used for his sci-fi work). It was first published in June 1968 as a paperback by Ballantine Books.Tenn wrote many short stories but only two novels both published in 1968. A Lamp for Medusa was published as a double novel with Dave Van Arnam's The Players of Hell.
 The Creature of Black Water Lake is the thirteenth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on June 9 1997 by Random House.
 One of Ours is a novel by Willa Cather that won the 1923 Pulitzer Prize. It tells the story of the life of Claude Wheeler a Nebraska native around the turn of the 20th century. The son of a successful farmer and an intensely pious mother he is guaranteed a comfortable livelihood. Nevertheless Wheeler views himself as a victim of his father's success and his own inexplicable malaise.
 How to Be Popular is a young adult novel written by Meg Cabot and published in July 2006.
 Cause Celeb is a novel by Helen Fielding. It's about a few years in the life of Rosie Richardson who decides to go to Africa after she breaks up with her boyfriend Oliver Marchant a TV presenter. But after four years working in Nambula a fictional country in Northern Africa there's a famine coming and Rosie turns back to Oliver and his famous friends to get the food they desperately need.
 Just Don't Make a Scene Mum! is a young adult novel by Rosie Rushton. It is the first book in her popular Leehampton series. It was first published in 1995 by Piccadilly Press Ltd.
 The Port Folio was a Philadelphia literary and political magazine published 1801–1812 by Joseph Dennie and Asbury Dickens. Dennie wrote under the pen name of Oliver Oldschool. Many other contributors to the magazine wrote under pseudonyms including members of the Federalist Party.
 Fire on the Mountain (ISBN 0061829617) is a 1999 non-fiction book by John Norman Maclean that describes the most famous wildland fire of the late 20th century. The book describes the events and aftermath of the South Canyon Fire on Storm King Mountain on July 6 1994 in Colorado which took the lives of 14 firefighters. The fire has become an icon of firefighting a caution about the dangers of taking high risks for low-value wildlands.
 The 25th Hour is the 2001 debut novel by David Benioff. A film adaptation for which Benioff wrote the screenplay was directed by Spike Lee and released in 2002.
 Sick was a satirical-humor magazine published from 1960 to 1980 lasting 134 issues. It was created by comic-book writer-artist Joe Simon who also edited the title until the late 1960s. Sick was published by Crestwood Publications until issue #62 (1968) when it was taken over by Hewfred Publications. Charlton Comics took over publishing the magazine in 1976 with issue #109.Sick 's original mascot was a blank-faced little physician.
 The American Journal of Semiotics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering semiotics. It was established in 1981 and is the official journal of the Semiotic Society of America. The journal publishes articles responses or comments and critical reviews. All volumes are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Fire and Ice is a children's fantasy novel the second book in the Warriors series written by Kate Cary under the pen name of Erin Hunter. The plot centers around Fireheart and Graystripe newly promoted warriors of ThunderClan which is one of the four groups of feral cats living in the wilderness.
 The Collected Works of Aleister Crowley 1905–1907 was originally a trilogy of books published by the occultist magician and self-proclaimed prophet of Thelema Aleister Crowley (1875–1947) during his early career as student of magick and is now considered among his very numerous rarities.
 Kobato. (こばと。) is a manga series by Clamp which premiered in Monthly Sunday Gene-X in January 2005. Seven chapters were released under the title of Kobato. (Kari) (こばと。(仮) Kobato. (Temporary title)) but the series was put on hiatus in late 2005. It returned to publication in Newtype magazine's November 2007 Japanese edition; the story has subsequently been restarted at an earlier point in the original timeline.
 The DoG Street Journal (DSJ) was a student online newspaper and monthly news magazine of the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg VA. Magazines are issued once a month and online stories appear regularly during the academic year.The DoG Street Journal is named after Duke of Gloucester Street which runs from the historic Wren Building through the heart of Colonial Williamsburg. George Srour and Dan FitzHenry began the publication as students in January 2003.
 Dynamic Chiropractic is a magazine for chiropractors that is indexed by CINAHL. A Canadian version exists with modified content. The Canadian version has a readership of 6000 while the American version has a circulation of over 60000.
 Geography of a Horse Dreamer is a play by Sam Shepard.
 Lady of the Forest End is a short story by Gael Baudino. It concerns Avdoyta of the Forest End a warrior who goes to confront Cynthia of the Shining Mountains a sorceress after she kills Cynthia's betrothed.
 The Light Beyond the Forest: The Quest for the Holy Grail is the second book in Rosemary Sutcliff's Arthurian trilogy. While the previous book The Sword and the Circle is a collection of Arthurian tales including the creation of the Round Table Sir Gawain and the Green Knight and Beaumains the Kitchen Knight this book focuses on the search for the Holy Grail cutting back and forth between the quests of Lancelot Bors Percival and Galahad.The trilogy continues with The Road to Camlann.
 A Stroke of Good Fortune is a short story by the American author Flannery O'Connor. It is one of the ten stories included in her short story collection A Good Man Is Hard to Find published in 1955. The story involves a woman who discovers to her disappointment and disbelief that she is pregnant.
 Leave it to Psmith is a comic novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 30 November 1923 by Herbert Jenkins London and in the United States on 14 March 1924 by George H. Doran New York.
 The Atonement Child is a 1997 novel by the American author Francine Rivers. It deals with the themes of unwanted pregnancy and abortion.
 Power Man and Iron Fist (originally Luke Cage Hero for Hire then Luke Cage Power Man) was a Marvel comic book featuring the superheroes Power Man and Iron Fist.
 Tenchi o Kurau (天地を喰らう The Devouring of Heaven and Earth) is a manga by Hiroshi Motomiya. The storyline is set in the Three Kingdoms period when Western Shu Northern Wei and Eastern Wu battled to conquer all China.
 Rules of Engagement is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Peter Morwood and published by Pocket Books in 1990.
 Home Free! is a 1964 one-act play by American playwright Lanford Wilson. It was first produced at Caffe Cino a coffeehouse and small theatre run by Joseph Cino a pioneer of the Off-Off-Broadway theatre movement. It is one of Wilson's earliest plays.
 Monster Allergy is a comic book series created by Disney Italy and published by Buena Vista Comics.
 The American News is a newspaper in Aberdeen South Dakota published by Schurz Communications of South Bend Indiana.The Aberdeen News was founded as a weekly in 1885 by C.W. Starling and Paul Ware. Soon after the Ordway Tribune which had a power press was moved to Aberdeen and combined with the News to produce a daily. In 1920 a competitor the Aberdeen American bought the News and both were later purchased by the Aberdeen Journal. The Ridder family purchased the papers in 1928.
 Tessiner Zeitung is a Swiss German-language regional newspaper published in Locarno Ticino.
 Alithia (Greek: Η Αλήθεια meaning The Truth etymologically the privative prefix α and λήθη Greek for oblivion) is one of the largest newspapers (by circulation) in Cyprus with about 11000 copies daily. It is connected with the leadership of the conservative Democratic Rally party.It was established in 1952 as a weekly publication and it is one of the oldest still-circulating Greek papers on the island. In 1982 it became a daily publication.
 Waxwings 2003 is the second novel by Jonathan Raban
 In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto is a 2008 book by journalist and activist Michael Pollan. It was number one on the New York Times Non-Fiction Best Seller List for six weeks. The book grew out of Pollan's 2007 essay Unhappy Meals published in the New York Times Magazine.
 The Journal of Invertebrate Pathology (ISSN 0022-2011) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the induction and pathogenesis of diseases of invertebrates including the suppression of diseases in beneficial species and the use of diseases in controlling undesirable species. In addition the journal publishes the results of physiological morphological genetic immunological and ecological studies as related to the etiologic agents of diseases of invertebrates.
 Sportsnet Magazine is a Canadian bi-weekly sports magazine published by Rogers Media in conjunction with its sports television channel Sportsnet.
 Putin's Russia is a non-fiction book by the late Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya about life in modern Russia.Politkovskaya argues that Russia still has aspects of a police state or mafia state under the leadership of Vladimir Putin. In a review Angus Macqueen wrote: Perhaps the most disturbing aspect of this collection is that it feels like a Soviet-era dissident's book.
 Feathertop is a short story by Nathaniel Hawthorne first published in 1852.
 Big Comic (ビッグコミック Biggu Komikku) is a semimonthly seinen manga magazine published since 1968-02-29 by Shogakukan in Japan. It was originally launched as a monthly magazine but switched to twice monthly on the 10th and 25th beginning in April 1968. It is paired with sister magazine Big Comic Original going on sale in the weeks Big Comic Original does not.
 The Dictionary of Disgusting Facts is a 1986 book by Alan Williams and Maggie Noach. This cult oddity is a collection of often disgusting anecdotes and definitions.The foreword is by Barry Humphries' alter ego Sir Les Patterson.One entry defines a sootikin as a small mouse-shaped deposit formed in the vaginal cleft of poor women who did not wear undergarments - common until the 19th century. A sootikin built up over several weeks even months of not washing.
 The Land of Laughs is fantasy novel by Jonathan Carroll. It was first published by Viking Press in 1980 and is the author's first novel. The novel was notably reprinted by Orion Books in 2000 as volume 9 of their Fantasy Masterworks series.
 Spike: Lost and Found is a comic a story based on the Angel television series.
 Clinical Chemistry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of clinical chemistry. It is the official journal of the American Association for Clinical Chemistry. The editor-in-chief is Nader Rifai (Harvard Medical School).
 Accident is 1994 novel by Romance novelist Danielle Steel
 Asian Fever is the name of an adult magazine and companion adult video series.
 Land of Unreason is a fantasy novel written by Fletcher Pratt and L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the fantasy magazine Unknown Worlds for October 1941 as The Land of Unreason. Revised and expanded it was first published in book form by Henry Holt and Company in 1942. It has been reprinted numerous times since by various publishers most notably by Ballantine Books in January 1970 as the tenth volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series.
 Mind Wizards of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the fifth in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in March 1975. It includes a map by the author.
 Coco Eco Magazine is an eco fashion and sustainable lifestyle magazine published internationally through the Coco Eco Magazine website. It was the world’s first online digital magazine that addresses the topics of sustainable fashion beauty life design and culture.Founded in Los Angeles in 2008 by Anna Griffin Coco Eco attracts a mainly US based audience however the publication is read in over 14 countries internationally.
 Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions is a 1953 book which explains the twenty-four basic principles or Alcoholics Anonymous and their application. and contains a detailed interpretation of principles for personal recovery and group survival. Bill W began work on this project in early 1952. By 1957 50000 copies were in circulation.
 Foreign Devil is a 1999 young-adult horror novel by Christine Harris. It follows the story of Tyler Norton who is abducted by pirates from the past and faces a bid for freedom.
 The Friend is the monthly English language children's magazine published by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). It is aimed at those of Primary age (Primary is the name for the young LDS children's Sunday school program) approximately ages 3 through 12.
 The House on East 88th Street is a children's book written by Bernard Waber first published in 1962.The book is the first in the Lyle the Crocodile series. The story is about a family named the Primms who move into an old Victorian brownstone only to find a performing crocodile named Lyle living in the bathtub. At first they are horrified but they learn to love him and accept him into their family.The book was followed by the sequel Lyle Lyle Crocodile in 1965.
 The Ivory Trail is a 1999 young-adult horror novel by Victor Kelleher. It follows the story of Jamie Hassan who is coming of age in a traditional mysticism bohemian family. After receiving an ivory carving he is sent on journeys through time in order to find his spiritual guide.
 Senran Kagura (閃乱カグラ) is an action video game series developed by Tamsoft and produced by Marvelous Entertainment. The franchise revolves around a group of female ninjas.The first game a side scrolling game titled Senran Kagura: Shōjo-tachi no Shinei (閃乱カグラ -少女達の真影-) was released in Japan for the Nintendo 3DS on September 22 2011.
 Mass Effect: Deception is a novel by writer William C. Dietz set in the Mass Effect universe.
 Metropoliteno (trans. Subway Underground Metro) is a partly autobiographical novel written in Esperanto by Vladimir Varankin about suppression by the state in Germany and the Soviet Union. It was published in Amsterdam in 1933 (200 pages) again in Denmark in 1977 and a third edition in Russia in 1992. There also exist translations in Russian and in English.
 The Reporter was an American biweekly news magazine published in New York from 1949 through 1968.The magazine was founded by Max Ascoli who was born in 1898 in Ferrara Italy to a Jewish family. Ascoli grew up to become a professor in political philosophy and law and began to draw the attention of authorities for his outspoken anti-fascist views. He was arrested in 1928 and immigrated to the United States three years later.
 Lad tiden gå (English: Let time pass) is a 1986 science fiction novel by Danish modernist writer Svend Aage Madsen. The novel focuses on one of the central themes in Madsen's writing - the nature of time. Like most of Madsen's novels it hasn't been published in English.This novel is a typical example of the third phase in Madsen's writing that's like most of his later works is set in the town of Aarhus and has several characters that also appear in his other books (Johanna Sverre).
 Winnie-the-Pooh (1926) is the first volume of stories about Winnie-the-Pooh by A. A. Milne. It is followed by The House at Pooh Corner. The book focuses on the adventures of a teddy bear called Winnie-the-Pooh and his friends Piglet a small toy pig; Eeyore a toy donkey; Owl a live owl; and Rabbit a live rabbit.
 The Twelve is an American comic book limited series from Marvel Comics which the company announced in July 2007 would run twelve issues beginning spring 2008 with the creative team of writer J. Michael Straczynski and artist Chris Weston. The series stars 12 obscure characters from Marvel's earliest incarnation as Timely Comics from the 1940s period historians and fans call the Golden Age of Comic Books.
 The Journal of Food Safety is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on microbial food safety. It was established in 1977 and is currently published by Wiley-Blackwell. The journal moved to online-only publication in 2011. The editor-in-chief is Karl Matthews (Rutgers University).
 Among the Betrayed is a 2002 novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation. It is the third of seven novels in the Shadow Children series.Among the Betrayed by Margaret Peterson Haddix is the third book in the Shadow Children series. Unlike the first it is not told from the viewpoint of Luke but instead from that of Nina Idi the shadow child who was arrested with Jason at the end of Among the Impostors.
 The Romance of Yachting (full title: The Romance of Yachting: Voyage The First) is an 1848 work by Joseph C. Hart published by Harper and Brothers.
 SoMa is the bestselling debut novel of American author Kemble Scott. It was first published on February 1 2007 by Kensington Books as a trade paperback original. It was later published in hardcover by the Doubleday Book Club’s InSightOut Books division.The novel appeared on the top ten bestsellers list of The San Francisco Chronicle shortly after it was released and eventually reached number four on that same list.
 Hitori Kumagai (熊谷 独 Kumagai Hitori born June 10 1936) born Kazuo Kumagai (熊谷 一男 Kumagai Kazuo) is a Japanese author. He was the party concerned in the Toshiba-Kongsberg scandal and was also a whistleblower.
 Meditations (Τὰ εἰς ἑαυτόν Ta eis heauton literally thoughts/writings addressed to himself) is a series of personal writings by Marcus Aurelius Roman Emperor 161–180 CE setting forth his ideas on Stoic philosophy.Marcus Aurelius wrote the 12 books of the Meditations in Koine Greek as a source for his own guidance and self-improvement. It is possible that large portions of the work were written at Sirmium where he spent much time planning military campaigns from 170 to 180.
 Orphans of the Sky is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein consisting of two parts: Universe (Astounding Science Fiction May 1941) and its sequel Common Sense (Astounding Science Fiction October 1941). The two novellas were first published together in book form in 1963. Universe was also published separately in 1951 as a 10¢ Dell paperback. These works contain one of the earliest fictional depictions of a generation ship.
 Arab Studies Quarterly (ASQ) is an English-language academic journal devoted to Arabist studies. It was established in 1979 by the late Professors Edward Said and Ibrahim Abu-Lughod. They envisioned the journal to be a platform for academic research to counter anti-Arab propaganda veiled by academic jargon.
 Tulku is a children's historical novel by Peter Dickinson published by Gollancz in 1979. Set in China and Tibet at the time of the Boxer Rebellion it features a young teenage boy orphaned by the violence who flees with others to a Buddhist monastery. Dickinson and Tulku won two major awards for British children's books the Whitbread Children's Book Award and the Carnegie Medal.
 The Tin Roof Blowdown (2007) is a crime novel by American author James Lee Burke.
 The Family is a 2001 novel by Mario Puzo.The novel is about Pope Alexander VI and his family. Puzo spent over twenty years working on the book off and on while he wrote others. It was finished by his longtime girlfriend Carol Gino. It is effectively his last novel.
 Narrow Gauge and Industrial Railway Modelling Review is a quarterly British magazine published by Greystar Publications. Roy C Link who started the magazine back in 1989 remains the production editor.The magazine specialises in narrow gauge and industrial railways from both a prototype and modeling perspective concentrating on the United Kingdom but also covering Europe and overseas subjects.
 The Navigator is a literary financial thriller novel written by Michael Pocalyko and published by Forge Books an imprint of Macmillan Publishers. It tells the story of the world's first trillion dollar deal against a backdrop of Wall Street dealmaking Washington political intrigue the relationship of two brothers and international espionage. The novel's tagline is Wall Street Comes to Washington.
 The South Carolina Review is a literary journal published by Clemson University. It was founded in 1968 at Furman University and moved to Clemson in 1973.The South Carolina Review has published work by Julian Bell Robert Parham Iris Murdoch Doris Betts Walker Percy Joyce Carol Oates Cleanth Brooks Kate Myers Hanson Ruth Fairbanks Marjorie Perloff Jacob M. Appel Mark Steadman Robert Pinsky Lewis Turco James Dickey Derek Walcott Leslie A.
 Ship of Fools is a 1962 novel by Katherine Anne Porter which tells the tale of a group of disparate characters sailing from Mexico to Europe aboard a German freighter and passenger ship. It is an allegory that traces the rise of Nazism and looks metaphorically at the progress of the world on its voyage to eternity.
 Marvel 1602: Fantastick Four is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 2006. It was the second sequel to the successful Marvel 1602 series the other sequels being 1602: New World and Spider-Man: 1602. It is written by Peter David and pencilled by Pascal Alixe.
 Personal is the nineteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child.It will be published on 28 August 2014 in the UK New Zealand Australia and Ireland and on September 2 2014 in the United Statesand Canada.
 I Love Mama «stylized as I LOVE mama» is a gyaru fashion and lifestyle magazine published monthly in Japan by Inforest Publishing.Originally named Mama Nuts × Ageha I Love Mama was established as a special edition of two gyaru magazines the hostess-targeted Koakuma Ageha magazine and dark-skin obsessed Happie Nuts magazine.I Love Mama is considered a unique magazine as it is a magazine especially for gyaru-mama females [gyaru females who have children] consisting of the likes of housekeeping tips parenting tips and fashion tips.Described as a mega-hit magazine it has been the highest-selling gyaru-mama magazine ever since its launch in 2008.There is some Western interest in the magazine and it can be purchased from Amazon and eBay.
 Al-Rayaam (Arabic: الرأي العام‎ meaning Public Opinion) is the oldest newspaper in Sudan. It was founded on March 15 1945 by Ismail Al Atabani.
 Juggs is a softcore pornography adult magazine published in the United States which specializes in photographs of women with extremely large breasts. It has been called the magazine of choice for breast men.It is published by Mavety Media Group originally known for publishing gay pornography magazines in the United States and distributed by Larry Flynt Publications.
 The Awesome 80s Prom is an interactive off-Broadway show at Webster Hall described as a blast-from-the-past party in the style of Tony n' Tina's Wedding and The Donkey Show set at Wanaget High's Senior Prom... in 1989!Prom characters are inspired by 80s movie favorites from the Captain of the Football Team to the Asian Exchange Student from the Geek to the sexy Head Cheerleader.
 Web of Spider-Man is the name of two different monthly comic book series starring Spider-Man that have been published by Marvel Comics since 1985 the first volume of which ran for 129 issues between 1985 and 1995 and the second of which ran for 12 issues between 2009 and 2010.
 Octane is a British car magazine published monthly and concentrating on classic and performance cars. It was launched in 2003 and is now published by Dennis Publishing. The magazine features news road tests and buyers guides of both classic cars and some modern performance cars. It also has an extensive for sale section showing cars from all around the world.
 Blood and Gifts is a play by the American playwright J. T. Rogers. Its subject is the struggle for control of Afghanistan during the 1980s from the American Soviet British Pakistani and secular Afghan points of view. It premiered in September 2010 at the Lyttelton Theatre starring Lloyd Owen.The play was originally shorter and in one act. That version now withdrawn was presented in 2009 as part of The Great Game: Afghanistan.
 Brave New Girl is the first novel by Louisa Luna. It was published by MTV Books in early 2001. The book was written by Luna when she was at New York University.The novel tracks the adolescent angst of the protagonist Doreen Severna who is comparable to the character Holden Caulfield from The Catcher in the Rye.
 Developmental Neurobiology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of neural development. It was established in 1969 as Journal of Neurobiology covering all of neuroscience but when the scope become more specialized it obtained its current name in 2007. The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell and the editors-in-chief are Eduardo Macagno (University of California San Diego) Darcy B. Kelley (Columbia University) Moses V.
 The Daily Siftings Herald is a daily newspaper serving Arkadelphia in southern Arkansas United States. It was owned by Donrey Media from 1986 to 1999 when it sold the paper to newspaper investor Rupert Phillips' Better Built Media Group. In 2004 Better Built sold several papers to HarborPoint Media a company backed by the private equity firm Sandler Capital Management.
 Genius Loci and Other Tales is a collection of fantasy horror and science fiction short stories by author Clark Ashton Smith. It was released in 1948 and was the author's third book published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 3047 copies. The stories were written between 1930 and 1935.The collection contains stories from Smith's major story cycles of Averoigne and Zothique.
 In a Forest Dark and Deep is a play by Neil LaBute. It received its world premiere production in the West End's Vaudeville Theatre on 14 March 2011 following previews from 3 March 2011 running for a limited season until 4 June 2011. The production starred Matthew Fox and Olivia Williams. The play will receive its American premiere at Profiles Theatre in Chicago in April 2012.The production stars Darrell W. Cox and Natasha Lowe and is directed by Joe Jahraus.
 The Journal of Molecular Evolution is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers molecular evolution. The journal is published by Springer and was established in 1971. The founding editor is Emile Zuckerkandl who remained editor in chief until the late 1990s. In 1994 the journal became associated with the newly formed International Society of Molecular Evolution.
 Climate Dynamics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It covers all aspects of the dynamics of global climate systems including analytical and numerical modeling research on the structure and behavior of the atmosphere oceans cryosphere biomass and land surface as interacting components of the dynamics of global climate.
 Khabar Lahariya is an Indian newspaper published in certain rural dialects of Hindi including Bundeli and Avadhi. The newspaper was started by Nirantar a New Delhi-based organization which focuses on gender and education. Initially seen as a women-only publication it now covers local political news local crime reports social issues and entertainment all reported from a left-wing and feminist perspective.
 The Journal of Biomolecular NMR publishes research on technical developments and innovative applications of nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy for the study of structure and dynamic properties of biopolymers in solution liquid crystals solids and mixed environments.
 Energy & Fuels is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society. It was established in 1987 and the editor-in-chief is Michael T. Klein (University of Delaware).
 Inside Higher Ed is a daily online publication focused on college and university topics based in Washington D.C. USA. The publication was founded in 2004 by Kathlene Collins formerly a business manager for The Chronicle of Higher Education and two former editors of The Chronicle Scott Jaschik and Doug Lederman. Typical daily content includes several news stories announcements of newly hired college and university administrators and faculty and brief items called Quick Takes.
 The Spirit of Romance is a 1910 book of literary criticism by the poet Ezra Pound. It is based on lectures he delivered at the Regent Street Polytechnic in London between 1908 and 1909 and deals with a variety of European literatures.
 The Great Shark Hunt is a book by Hunter S. Thompson. Originally published in 1979 as Gonzo Papers Vol. 1: The Great Shark Hunt: Strange Tales from a Strange Time the book is a roughly 600-page collection of Thompson's essays from 1956 to the end of the 1970s following the rise of the author's own gonzo journalism style as he moved from Air Force and sports beat-writing to straight-ahead political commentary. It is the first of four volumes in The Gonzo Papers series.
 A World to Win is a novel written by Jack Conroy and published in 1935. It was republished in 2000. This novel which is set before and during the Great Depression follows two brothers through their lives both together and separately. One brother Leo represents the life of a working man while the other Robert shows the life of a writer a struggle that Conroy himself dealt with. Despite Robert being determined to be the brother who becomes famous for his writing he does not.
 ChemistryViews is a free online service published for chemists and other scientists by ChemPubSoc Europe an organization of 16 European chemical societies.ChemistryViews.org offers daily news on latest research and the chemical industry as well as information on awards accepting nominations.
 The Portrait of a Lady is a novel by Henry James first published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly and Macmillan's Magazine in 1880–81 and then as a book in 1881. It is one of James's most popular long novels and is regarded by critics as one of his finest.The Portrait of a Lady is the story of a spirited young American woman Isabel Archer who in affronting her destiny finds it overwhelming.
 The American Journal of Emergency Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering emergency medicine.
 DIY is a United Kingdom-based music magazine dedicated to alternative music. It is named after a song by the Scottish alternative rock group Bis.DIY initially launched as an online-only publication in 2002 staffed largely by a freelance writing team from across the globe.
 Groenten uit Balen is a theatre play written by author Walter van den Broeck in 1972. Later he adapted the play into a novel. In 2011 Van den Broek and Guido Van Meir once again adapted the novel into a movie.
 The Spook's Battle written by Joseph Delaney is the fourth story in the The Wardstone Chronicles series. It was released in America in March 2008 and is titled Attack of the Fiend as the fourth book in The Last Apprentice series.
 The Gambler (Russian: Игрок Igrok) is a short novel by Fyodor Dostoyevsky about a young tutor in the employment of a formerly wealthy Russian general. The novella reflects Dostoyevsky's own addiction to roulette which was in more ways than one the inspiration for the book: Dostoyevsky completed the novella under a strict deadline to pay off gambling debts.
 Help! I'm Trapped in My Teacher's Body! is a light-hearted children's science fiction novel by Todd Strasser first published in 1993. It is the first book in his Help! I'm Trapped... series many of which have a similar body swap premise.
 Déjà Dead is the first novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.It won the 1998 Arthur Ellis Award for Best First Novel.
 Turkic Languages is a peer-reviewed biannual academic journal published by Harrassowitz. The journal covers research on all aspects of linguistics concerning Turkic languages.
 Corporate Rescue and Insolvency is bi-monthly English-language journal.
 City System is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. It was written by Jeff Grubb and Ed Greenwood and published in 1988 by TSR. It includes extensive and detailed maps of the city of Waterdeep and was intended to serve as a companion to Waterdeep and the North. The sheer expanse of the maps drew praise from Ken Rolston of Dragon magazine although he criticized their lack of personality and utility.
 A Far Country is a novel by American writer Winston Churchill published in 1915.
 Conspiracy in Death (1999) is a novel by J. D. Robb. It is the ninth novel in the In Death series preceding Loyalty in Death.
 Art Journal established in New York in 1941 is a publication of the College Art Association of America (referred to as CAA). As a peer-reviewed professionally moderated scholarly journal its concentrations include:art practice art production art making art history visual studies art theory and art criticism. The main contributors are artists scholars critics art historians and other writers in the arts.
 The Times-Independent is a newspaper located in Moab Utah and serving Grand and San Juan Counties.The company is the successor to the Grand Valley Times (started 1896) and Moab Independent which merged in 1919.
 The Liar (French: Le Menteur) is a farcical play by Pierre Corneille that was first performed in 1644. It was based on La Verdad Sospechosa by the Spanish-American playwright Juan Ruíz de Alarcón which was published in 1634.
 Ferdydurke is a novel by the Polish writer Witold Gombrowicz published in 1937. Gombrowicz himself wrote of his novel that it is not ... a satire on some social class nor a nihilistic attack on culture... We live in an era of violent changes of accelerated development in which settled forms are breaking under life's pressure...
 Arev (Արեւ in Armenian) is an Armenian language daily published in Egypt by the Armenian Democratic Liberal Party (ADL - Ramgavar Party)It was established in 1915 with the first issue published on May 11 1915.The newspaper also published until 2009 Arev Monthly an Arabic monthly covering Armenian subjects and particularly Arab-Armenian relations.
 Monthly Shōnen Ace (月刊少年エース Gekkan Shōnen Ēsu) is a monthly shōnen manga magazine in Japan published by Kadokawa Shoten started in 1994. Unlike the big shōnen weeklies with circulation figures in the millions Ace is aimed at a less mainstream audience and has a particular emphasis on anime tie-ins. There's a fair amount of Ecchi featured in the magazine while only a few series are action orientated.
 The North Bay Bohemian is a free weekly newspaper published in the North Bay subregion of the San Francisco Bay Area in California United States. The newspaper is distributed in Sonoma Napa and Marin counties.The newspaper began publication in 1979 as The Paper in the Guerneville area of western Sonoma County and was renamed the Sonoma County Independent under the ownership of John Boland and James Carroll.
 The Journal of Cheminformatics is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that was established in 2009 published by Chemistry Central. The current editors-in-chief are Christoph Steinbeck (European Bioinformatics Institute) and David Wild (Indiana University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.590.
 The Tulsi Peeth edition of the Ramcharitmanas is a critical edition of the Ramcharitmanas edited by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya and published by the Tulsi Peeth. It has more than 3000 differences compared to the popular editions of the scripture.In November 2009 a controversy arose over this edition in Ayodhya when the Akhil Bharatiya Akhara Parishad and Ram Janmabhoomi Nyas demanded an apology from Rambhadracharya over the Tulsi Peeth edition accusing him of tampering with the epic.
 Theory of Computing is an online open access journal dedicated to theoretical computer science. The journal was founded in 2005 amidst growing concerns about the financial difficulties of university libraries around the world faced with rising costs in subscriptions to scientific journals owned by commercial publishers. The journal is hosted on servers of the University of Chicago's Department of Computer Science and its current Editor-in-Chief is László Babai.
 Angel Angel is the 1995 debut novel by American writer April Stevens. The story set in Connecticut centers upon a dysfunctional suburban family whose malaise is challenged by the introduction of the older son's live-in girlfriend. The novel published by Viking Press was well received.
 The Week is an Indian weekly newsmagazine published by The Malayala Manorama Co. Ltd. The magazine is published from Kochi and is currently printed in Delhi Mumbai Bangalore and Kottayam. According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations it is the largest selling English news magazine in India. The Week's competitors India Today and Outlook have opted out of the ABC audit.
 Social & Legal Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers feminist post-colonial and socialist economic perspectives to the study of law and criminology. The editors-in-chief are Carl Stychin (University of Reading) David Campbell (University of Leeds) David Brown (University of Bristol) and Marie Fox (University of Birmingham). It was established in 1992 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Daughters of Destiny is a 1906 adventure novel written by L. Frank Baum famous as the author of the Oz books. Baum published the novel under the pen name Schuyler Staunton one of his several pseudonyms. (Baum arrived at the name by adding one letter to the name of his late maternal uncle Schuyler Stanton.)The 1906 edition of the book featured eight illustrations three by Thomas Mitchell Pierce and five by Harold DeLay.
 Vigil in the Night is a serial novella by A. J. Cronin initially published in 1939 in Good Housekeeping magazine. It tells the tale of two nurses Anne Lee who devoted herself to serving others and of her younger sister Lucy Lee who tried to get everything in life for herself. When Lucy’s negligence causes the death of a young patient Anne takes the blame to protect her sister an act that threatens to destroy the bright career that lies before her.
 The Genesee Democrat was a major paper in Flint Michigan printed from 1845 to 1906 under different names. It was an early paper in the county being challenged by the Wolverine Citizen and The Flint Globe.
 Mormon Scientist: The Life and Faith of Henry Eyring is a book about Henry Eyring who from 1930 to 1980 made substantial contributions to theoretical chemistry while also speaking and writing extensively about the compatibility of science and religion. The book written twenty-six years after Eyring’s death by his grandson Henry J. Eyring explores Eyring’s contributions to science and religion his family heritage and his paradoxical way of thinking. The book was published in January 2008.
 A Demon of Our Own Design (2007) is a book by veteran Wall Street risk manager Richard Bookstaber about as the subtitle says markets hedge funds and the perils of financial innovation.The theme of the book is that the world financial system is vulnerable to singularities—disasters arising out of apparently trivial details as implied by chaos theory and its Butterfly effect.
 Gold By The Inch is a novel by author Lawrence Chua.
 Ruth is a novel by Elizabeth Gaskell first published in three volumes in 1853.
 Warhammer 40000 Apocalypse is an expansion to the Warhammer 40000 tabletop miniatures wargame by the British gaming company Games Workshop. It contains rules which allow players to field massive armies the likes of which are unwieldy using the basic Warhammer 40000 ruleset.
 The Gutenberg-Jahrbuch is an annual periodical publication covering the history of printing and the book. Its focus is on incunables early printing and the life and work of Johannes Gutenberg inventor of the modern printed book. It has been published since 1926 by the Internationale Gutenberg-Gesellschaft.
 Willdenowia: Annals of the Botanic Garden and Botanical Museum Berlin-Dahlem is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal on plant algal and fungal taxonomy published by Botanic Garden and Botanical Museum Berlin-Dahlem. It was established in 1895 as Notizblatt des Königlichen Botanischen Gartens und Museums zu Berlin and was renamed to the current title in 1954 to honor botanist Carl Ludwig Willdenow (1765-1812) director of the Botanical Garden.
 About Us is a novel by the American writer Chester Aaron set in 1930s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of the Kahns a Jewish family who run a small general store in the fictional village of Sundown a coal patch in Butler County Pennsylvania outside of Pittsburgh. The protagonist is Benny Kahn age eight when the novel begins and his coming-of-age is sketched against the backdrop of the events of Great Depression through World War II.
 The Korea Times is a Korean language Monday-Saturday newspaper published in Los Angeles California. It is the largest Korean language newspaper in the United States. It has bureaus in Los Angeles New York Washington D.C. San Francisco Chicago Seattle Atlanta Philadelphia Hawaii Toronto and Vancouver.
 Mouse Soup is a 1977 picture book by noted illustrator Arnold Lobel. Beginning with the simple sentence A mouse sat under a tree the book goes on to tell the story of a mouse who has to trick Weasel from turning Mouse into Mouse Soup. He does that by telling stories about Bees and the Mud Two Large Stones The Crickets and The Thorn Bush and tells Weasel to put them into his soup. It is then assumed that Mouse got away and Weasel got stung by bees.
 Races of Destiny is a supplement for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game.
 The Pitcher Shower (2005) is a novel by Donald Harington set in the Arkansas part of the Ozarks in fictional towns near the fictional town of Stay More the setting for Harington's other novels. The main character drives from town to town showing movies or pitchers (so he is a pitcher shower) on improvised screens outdoors.
 Shame is a novel by the Swedish crime-writer Karin Alvtegen originally published as Skam in Sweden in 2005. It was translated into English by Steven T. Murray in 2006 and was shortlisted for the Duncan Lawrie International Dagger award for crime novels in translation .
 The Fog is a horror novel by English writer James Herbert published in 1975. It is about a deadly fog that drives its victims insane when they come into contact with it. Herbert's second book it is completely unrelated to the 1980 film of the same name by John Carpenter.
 Count Robert of Paris (1832) was the second-last novel by Walter Scott. It is part of Tales of My Landlord 4th series.
 Bound & Gagged (ISSN 1058-6849) magazine was published by the Outbound Press from 1987 to 2005.
 Born to Exile is a fantasy novel by author Phyllis Eisenstein the first of her two Alaric novels. It was originally published in 1978 by longtime U. S. specialty press Arkham House in a first edition trade hardcover of 4148 copies; it has since been published in several mass-market paperback editions and again in hardcover in the UK. Portions of the novel were first serialized as individual shorter works through The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction.
 Sharpe's Christmas is a short story collection by historical fiction author Bernard Cornwell wh9ch he began conceptualizing in 1980s. It contains two stories featuring Cornwell's fictional hero Richard Sharpe. It was published by The Sharpe Appreciation Society in 2003 in order to raise funds for The Bernard and Judy Cornwell Foundation.
 Sikap (also known as Mimbar-politik sikap) was an Indonesian newspaper published in Djakarta in the 1950s during the Sukarno area.Sikap was published by the Education and Propaganda Section of the Socialist Party of Indonesia. L. M. Sitorus was the editor of the newspaper.Due to the nature of publications from the 1950s frequency varies in library catalogues - and only short incomplete runs have been microfilmed.
 Third Way is a British current affairs magazine written from a Christian perspective. It can call on well-known Christian thinkers and writers (its columnists include high-profile journalists clergy and BBC comedy writers) to comment on news issues much as the New Statesman or Spectator calls on those from left or right.
 Global Jurist is a peer-reviewed journal of legal scholarship. It focuses on comparative law international law law and economics law and development and legal anthropology.
 A Divine Image is a poem by William Blake from Songs of Experience not to be confused with The Divine Image from Songs of Innocence. The poem only appeared in copy BB of the combined Songs of Innocence and of Experience.
 Forbidden Area is a 1956 Cold War thriller novel by Pat Frank. Its plot involves Soviet sleeper agents intended to sabotage the U.S. war effort who have been trained by conditioning to have an American cover identity that they can remember as well as their own. Rod Serling adapted it for the debut episode of the American television anthology series Playhouse_90.
 Skulduggery Pleasant: Dark Days is the fourth novel in the Skulduggery Pleasant novels written by Derek Landy.The story continues after the events of the third book and follows Valkyrie Cain as she rescues Skulduggery Pleasant from the Faceless ones in another dimension and then working with him and the rest of their friends to try to defeat the Revengers' Club.
 The Annals of the American Thoracic Society is an official medical journal of the American Thoracic Society. It covers research in pulmonary critical care and sleep medicine. It is one of three journals published by the American Thoracic Society along with the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine and American Journal of Respiratory Cell and Molecular Biology.
 Death of a Demon is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first serialized in three issues of The Saturday Evening Post (June 10 17 and 24 1961). It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Homicide Trinity published by the Viking Press in 1962.
 Moon Shot: The Inside Story of America's Race to the Moon is a book written by Mercury Seven astronaut Alan Shepard with NBC News correspondent Jay Barbree and Associated Press space writer Howard Benedict. Astronaut Donald K. Deke Slayton is also listed as an author although he died before the project was completed and was an author in name only. The book was published in 1994. It was turned into a television miniseries that aired on TBS in the United States in 1994.
 Bob Dylan Performing Artist is a series of three books written by music critic Paul Williams concerning the music of American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. Unlike many other books about Dylan these are not biographical but focus primarily on the performances delivered at various concerts over a period of almost forty years. The performances Williams analyzes were either personally attended or reviewed from audio-tapes (and sometimes from videotapes).
 The Clue in the Embers is Volume 35 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by John Almquist in 1955. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Purple Hibiscus is the first novel by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. It was first published by Algonquin Books in 2003.
 In the Cage is also a song by progressive rock group Genesis off their 1974 album The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway.In the Cage is a novella by Henry James first published as a book in 1898. This long story centers on an unnamed London telegraphist. She deciphers clues to her clients' personal lives from the often cryptic telegrams they submit to her as she sits in the cage at the post office. Sensitive and intelligent the telegraphist eventually finds out more than she may want to know.
 The Curious Quests of Brigadier Ffellowes is a collection of fantasy short stories by Sterling E. Lanier. The stories take the form of tall tales told in a bar or club similar to the Jorkens stories of Lord Dunsany. It was first published in 1986 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1200 copies all of which were signed by the author and artist. The last story is original to this collection. The other stories first appeared in the magazine Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 The Oxnard Press-Courier was a newspaper located in Oxnard California United States. It ceased publication in June 1994 after 95 years. As of 1992 its daily circulation was 17325.George and Eva Grimes purchased the paper in 1945 when it had a circulation of 1200.In 1963 the Brush-Moore Newspapers group bought the paper.
 The Teahouse Fire is a novel by Ellis Avery set in late nineteenth century Japan published by Riverhead in the US in 2006 and to be published by Random House in the UK as a paperback original.
 Five on a Hike Together is the tenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1951.
 Homeward Bound (2004) is a science fiction alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove. It is the eighth and final work in his Worldwar series fictional universe. It follows the events of the Colonization trilogy and gives some closure to the storylines.
 Mindstar Rising is a science fiction novel by British writer Peter F. Hamilton published in 1993. It is the first book in the Greg Mandel trilogy. The novel introduces the major characters in the series most notably Greg and Julia Evans. The novel combines elements of classic detective novels with science fiction.
 Byzantium Endures (1981) is a novel by Michael Moorcock. It is the first in the Pyat Quartet tetralogy.The book is written in the first person from the point of view of unreliable narrator Maxim Arturovitch Pyatnitski whose posthumous notes Moorcock claims to have transcribed.Pyat as he is also known describes in the novel his adventures in Tsarist then Revolutionary Russia. Born on 1 January 1900 in Kiev Pyat dreams from early on to become a great inventor and engineer.
 Understanding Media: The Extensions of Man is a 1964 book by Marshall McLuhan a pioneering study in media theory. McLuhan proposes that the media not the content that they carry should be the focus of study. He suggests that the medium affects the society in which it plays a role not by the content delivered through it but by the characteristics of the medium.McLuhan pointed to the light bulb as an example.
 Pichilemu (Spanish: Periódico Pichilemu) sometimes referred to as El Pichilemu or El Pichilemo was a Pichileminian newspaper published for the first time in 1944 by Carlos Rojas Pavez municipal secretary and mayor of Pichilemu from 1967 to 1971. Rojas published the newspaper with the collaboration of José Arraño Acevedo and Miguel Larravide Blanco. It was later published by Washington Saldías González between 1986 and 1990 and then again in 1996 by Carlos Carmona Plá.
 Reservation Blues is a 1995 novel by Sherman Alexie. The novel follows the story of the rise and fall of a rock and blues band of Spokane Indians from the Spokane Reservation located in eastern Washington state.
 According to Mary Magdalene (Swedish: Enligt Maria Magdalena 1997) is a novel by the Swedish novelist Marianne Fredriksson. It attempts to portray the life of the biblical figure of Mary Magdalene as told by herself. The author claims to have based the book on Gnostic manuscripts such as the Gospel of Mary that were discovered in recent times. The English version was published 1999.
 ReminderNews is a newspaper that circulates throughout Eastern Connecticut [1]. It was founded in 1949. The company is now known as ReminderMedia also produces yellow page directories (known as the Gold Pages).The 16 local editions of the paper are filled primarily with photos feature articles human interest sports politics and education and business news.
 Hamodia (Hebrew: המודיע‎ – the Informer) is a Hebrew language daily newspaper published in Jerusalem Israel. A daily English language edition is also published in the United States and weekly English-language editions in England and Israel. A weekly edition for French-speaking readers debuted in 2008. The newspaper's slogan is The Newspaper of Torah Jewry. It comes with two magazines Inyan and Binyan.
 Sole Agent is a spy novel by Kenneth Benton set in Lisbon during the Cold War in the 1970s.
 Kai Lung Beneath the Mulberry Tree is a collection of fantasy stories by Ernest Bramah featuring Kai Lung an itinerant story-teller of ancient China. It was first published in hardcover in London by The Richards Press Ltd. in February 1940 and was reprinted in 1942 1944 1946 and 1951.
 Guard of Honor is a Pulitzer Prize winning novel by James Gould Cozzens published in 1948. The novel is set during World War II with most of the action occurring on or near a fictional Army Air Forces base in central Florida. The action occurs over a period of approximately 48 hours. The novel is chapterless in form using three progressively longer parts entitled Thursday Friday and Saturday.
 The Wings of Vendemiaire (ヴァンデミエールの翼 Vandemiēru no Tsubasa) is the debut manga of Mohiro Kitoh. It was published by Kodansha and introduced the style and themes that would be Kitoh's trademarks such as graphic depictions of violence and abuse and the cruel nature of human beings while at the same time balancing the story against what would be considered fanciful elements and the possibility of hope.
 Elektra: The Hand is a five-issue comic book limited series written by Akira Yoshida and pencilled by Christian Gossett and published in 2004 by Marvel Comics.The story depicts the origin of the clandestine ninja organization known as The Hand. The series shows The Hand's bloody formation during Japan's Feudal era.
 The Children's Story is a short story 4300 words by James Clavell which appeared in the June 1964 issue of Reader's Digest and was republished in book form in 1981. It is also the title of a 1982 short film based upon the story. As of April 2010 this book is still in print.
 Inferno is an autobiographical novel by August Strindberg.
 Sexualities is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Sociology. The journal's editor is Ken Plummer. It has been in publication since 1998 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The 6th Target is the sixth book in the Women's Murder Club series featuring Lindsay Boxer by authorJames Patterson with Maxine Paetro. It was released on May 8 2007.
 Free Land - a 1938 novel by Rose Wilder Lane that contains some actual events.
 All About the Future is a 1953 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Martin Greenberg. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Galaxy Science Fiction and the Boston University Graduate Journal.
 Flying Jake is a children's picture book by Lane Smith. It was originally published in 1988 by Macmillan Publishing Company and reprinted by Viking Press in 1996. In the wordless story a boy named Jake takes flight in pursuit of his pet bird which has flown out of its cage and through a window. Flying Jake was the first independent work by Smith who later illustrated The True Story of the Three Little Pigs and The Stinky Cheese Man.
 A Mathematician's Lament is a short book on the pedagogics and philosophy of mathematics by Paul Lockhart originally a research mathematician but for many years a math teacher at a private school.
 Bang Bang You're Dead is a one act play written by William Mastrosimone with the assistance of the Spanish River Drama Department (Boca Raton Florida) in 1999 to raise awareness of school violence and its causes. According to Mastrosimone it “is a drama to be performed by kids for kids” for free. The plot focuses on Josh a high school student who murders his parents and five classmates.
 The Independent on Saturday is a South African newspaper part of Independent News & Media. It was launched in 1998 to replace the Saturday Paper which was formed in the mid-1990s after the demise of the Saturday editions of the Daily News and the Mercury. The Independent on Saturday circulates primarily in the greater Durban area but is also distributed to other parts of the KwaZulu-Natal province.
 The Scarecrow and his Servant is a children's novel by Philip Pullman first published in 2004. It tells the story of a scarecrow who comes alive after being struck by lightning and sets out on a quest with Jack an orphan he hires as his servant. As he goes on his quest he tries to reach Spring Valley to claim it for his own.It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Silver Award in 2005 as well as being shortlisted for the 2004 Carnegie Medal.
 The Three-Minute Universe is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Barbara Paul.
 Little Dorrit is a serial novel by Charles Dickens originally published between 1855 and 1857. It is a work of satire on the shortcomings of the government and society of the period. Much of Dickens's ire is focused upon the institutions of debtors' prisons in which people who owed money were imprisoned unable to work until they repaid their debts. The representative prison in this case is the Marshalsea where the author's own father had been imprisoned.
 BEEBUG was a magazine published for users of the BBC Microcomputer. It was the first subscription magazine for computers made by Acorn Computers.
 The Drinks Business is a monthly international B2B magazine and website published by Union Press. The magazine discusses the latest news and trends in the global beer wine and spirits industries.thedrinksbusiness.com has an international audience of 460000 monthly readers and regularly provides content for publications such as The Huffington Post and Time Magazine.
 Silumina (Sinhala: සිළුමිණ) is a Sinhala language weekly newspaper in Sri Lanka. It is published by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited (Lake House) a government-owned corporation. The newspaper commenced publishing in 1930 D. R. Wijewardena being its founder. It currently has a circulation of 265000. Famous novelists like Martin Wickramasinghe have served as its editor.
 DMZ is an American comic book series written by Brian Wood with artwork by Wood and Riccardo Burchielli. The series is set in the near future where a second American civil war has turned the island of Manhattan into a demilitarized zone (DMZ) caught between forces of the United States of America and secessionist Free States of America.DMZ is published by DC Comics under their Vertigo imprint.
 The Handbook of British Birds was a pioneering bird guide by H.F. Witherby Rev. F.C.R. Jourdain Norman F. Ticehurst and Bernard W. Tucker published in five volumes by H. F. & G. Witherby between 1938-1941.
 The Virginian (otherwise titled The Virginian: A Horseman of the Plains) is a pioneering 1902 novel set in the Wild West by the American author Owen Wister. Describing the life of a cowboy on a cattle ranch in Wyoming it was the first true western written aside from short stories and pulp dime novels. It paved the way for many more westerns by famous authors such as Zane Grey Louis L'Amour and several others.
 Grace After Midnight: A Memoir is an American 2007 autobiography memoir by Felicia Pearson with author David Ritz credited as a contributor and co-author. The book chronicles Pearson's life in East Baltimore including her birth as a three-pound crack baby her placement into foster care and her eight-year prison sentence in Jessup Maryland from second-degree murder charges.
 Library Journal is a trade publication for librarians. It was founded in 1876 by Melvil Dewey (familiar as the inventor of the Dewey decimal system). It reports news about the library world emphasizing public libraries and offers feature articles about aspects of professional practice.
 The True Believer: Thoughts On The Nature Of Mass Movements is a 1951 social psychology book by American writer Eric Hoffer that discusses the psychological causes of fanaticism.The book analyzes and attempts to explain the motives of the various types of personalities that give rise to mass movements; why and how mass movements start progress and end; and the similarities between them whether religious political radical or reactionary.
 The Journal of Pediatrics is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of pediatrics. It was established in 1932 and is published by Elsevier. Although it was originally affiliated with the American Academy of Pediatrics it is currently associated with the Association of Medical School Pediatric Department Chairs.
 The Roman Hat Mystery is a novel that was written in 1929 by Ellery Queen. It is the first of the Ellery Queen mysteries.
 Wizardborn is the third novel in David Farland's epic fantasy series The Runelords.
 Woyzeck is a stage play written by Georg Büchner. He left the work incomplete at his death but it has been posthumously finished by a variety of authors editors and translators. Woyzeck has become one of the most performed and influential plays in the German theatre repertory. Büchner probably began writing the play between June and September 1836. It remained in a fragmentary state at the time of his early death in 1837.
 Icarus at the Edge of Time is a 2008 novella by physicist Brian Greene illustrated by Chip Kidd with images from the Hubble Space Telescope.
 The Wonders of Nature is a book by Josiah Priest that was published in 1826. The book starts of giving God the honor of creating everything with the main focus being on the incredible nature which seen by the author is controlled by God. The wonders of nature which include a number of examples of what are now termed cryptozoology and anomalistics are concluded in the book to be proof that God lives and interferes. The author condemns people who deny the existence of God.
 Progress of Theoretical and Experimental Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Physical Society of Japan. It was established as Progress of Theoretical Physics in July 1946 by Hideki Yukawa and obtained its current name in January 2013.
 Oriental Daily News (Chinese: 東方日報) is one of Malaysia's daily Chinese-language newspapers. It was officially launched on New Year's Day 2003. The newspaper group is owned by KTS Group a Sarawak timber company founded by late Datuk Lau Hui Kang.The newspaper actually published its first issue on 29 September 2002 but its publication’s permit was suspended by the Malaysian Home Ministry. The suspension was subsequently lifted in December 2002.
 Ministry of Space is a three-part alternate history mini-series written by Warren Ellis published by Image Comics starting in 2001. The book's art is by Chris Weston and depicts retro technology in a believably 'British' style.The story is set in an alternate history where soldiers and operatives of the United Kingdom reached the German rocket installations at Peenemünde ahead of the U.S.
 Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits is a 2005 novel by Moroccan American author Laila Lalami. First published in the United States it offers a wider view of the immigration phenomenon from North Africa to Europe.
 All Stops Out is a play by the Australian playwright Michael Gow published by Currency Press in 1991.
 Giggle Comics is an American comics anthology. It was originally published by Creston Publications which became an imprint of American Comics Group (ACG) in 1943. Giggle Comics had many stories with funny animals mirroring a wider trend.
 Evil Star is the second book in The Power of Five series by British author Anthony Horowitz. It was published and released in the United Kingdom on 1 April 2006 by Walker Books Ltd and in the United States on 1 June 2006 by Scholastic Press under the adjusted series title The Gatekeepers. It is preceded by Raven's Gate released in 2005 and followed by Nightrise released in 2007.
 Egg is a style magazine for gyaru fashion distributed in Japan. It features photos of ganguro girls and synopses about what they like or a popular trend. Egg also usually has photos of the newest fashions where to buy them latest hairstyles cell phones and make up tips. It also has candid photos of ganguro girls on the streets of Japan similar to Fruits magazine. Egg has its own models which star in every magazine.
 The Lost Throne is the fourth novel by New York Times bestselling author Chris Kuzneski. Published in November 2008 by Penguin UK the action thriller peaked at #5 on the British fiction chart and stayed in the Top 10 for four weeks. Putnam released the American hardcover in July 2009. It won the Bronze Medal for Popular Fiction at the Florida Book Awards which is America’s most comprehensive state book awards program.
 This is an article about the book. For the history of the party see History of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. History of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks): Short Course (Russian: История Всесоюзной Коммунистической Партии (Большевиков): Краткий курс) translated to English under the title The History of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (Bolsheviks) is a propagandist textbook on the history of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union first published in 1938.
 O Pioneers! is a 1913 novel by American author Willa Cather written while she was living in New York. It is the first novel of her Great Plains trilogy followed by The Song of the Lark (1915) and My Ántonia (1918).
 For the movie see The Motorcycle Diaries (film)The Motorcycle Diaries is a memoir that traces the early travels of Marxist revolutionary Ernesto Che Guevara then a 23-year-old medical student and his friend Alberto Granado a 29-year-old biochemist. Leaving Buenos Aires Argentina in January 1952 on the back of a sputtering single cylinder 1939 Norton 500cc dubbed La Poderosa (The Mighty One) they desired to explore the South America they only knew from books.
 Karfanaum ali As killed is a novel by Slovenian author Maja Novak. It was first published in 1998.
 VOLUNTAS: International Journal of Voluntary and Nonprofit Organizations is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the third sector. It is the official journal of the International Society for Third-Sector Research. It was established in 1990 with Helmut Anheier and Martin Knapp as its founding editors-in-chief and its current editor is Bernard Enjolras.
 What a Week to Risk it All is ninth and last part of the What a Week series by Rosie Rushton. It was published in 2006 by Piccadilly Press Ltd.
 The American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal published in two yearly volumes by the American Thoracic Society commonly referred to as the Blue journal. It covers the pathophysiology and treatment of diseases that affect the respiratory system. The journal also publishes review articles in several forms. The State of the Art review is a treatise usually covering a broad field that brings bench research to the bedside.
 Meridian is a 1976 novel by American author Alice Walker.
 The 39 Steps is a melodrama adapted from the 1915 novel by John Buchan and the 1935 film by Alfred Hitchcock. The original concept and production of a four-actor version of the story was by Simon Corble and Nobby Dimon. Patrick Barlow rewrote this adaptation in 2005.The play's concept calls for the entirety of the 1935 adventure film The 39 Steps to be performed with a cast of only four.
 Come Back to Sorrento is a novel written by Dawn Powell. Against Powell’s wishes[citation needed] the publisher changed its title to The Tenth Moon when it was first published in 1932.A film version also called Come Back to Sorrento is in development. The adaptation written by playwright David Mamet and actress Rebecca Pidgeon is to be directed by Michael Worth.
 The Nordic Journal of Philosophical Logic was an international journal of philosophy started in May 1996. The journal considered submissions in any of the areas associated with Philosophical Logic and with the application of logic in conceptual analysis. The journal was edited at the Department of Philosophy University of Oslo. Issues and articles were freely available over the internet and are still available at the Nordic Journal of Philosophical Logic.
 Figures of Earth: A Comedy of Appearances (1921) is a fantasy novel or ironic romance by James Branch Cabell set in the imaginary French province of Poictesme during the first half of the 13th century. The book follows the earthly career of Dom Manuel the Redeemer from his origins as a swineherd through his elevation to the rank of Count of Poictesme to his death.
 The Book of Artifacts (abbreviated as BoA) is a supplemental sourcebook to the core rules of the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. This book published by TSR Inc. in 1993 details 50 different artifacts special magic items found within the game at the Dungeon Master's option.
 Trimalchio's Feast and other mini-mysteries is a collection of stories by Caroline Lawrence published in 2007 as part of the Roman Mysteries series. The stories are set in Ostia and Rome between AD 79 and AD 81 in the intervals of time between the novels. In addition to the stories the author includes a brief account of how she came to write each one and at the end is an interview with Jon Appleton in which she talks about the secrets of writing mysteries.
 The Human Factor: Revolutionizing the Way People Live with Technology (ISBN 0-415-97064-4) is a book by Kim Vicente that Routledge published in 2004. Vicente asserts (as cited in the Optimize article listed in the References section) technology in such constructs as hospitals airplanes and nuclear power plants have significant room for improvement. Some of the specific industrial accidents Vicente analyzes are the Walkerton Tragedy and the Chernobyl Disaster.
 A Piece of Blue Sky: Scientology Dianetics and L. Ron Hubbard Exposed published in 1990 is an examination from a critical perspective by former British Scientologist Jon Atack of the history of L. Ron Hubbard (1911–1986) and the development of Dianetics and the Church of Scientology.
 The God Boy is a novel written by Ian Cross and first published in 1957. It has been adapted as an opera by librettist Jeremy Commons and composer Anthony Ritchie.The 1976 film starred Jamie Higgins as Jimmy Sullivan. Made by TV One (New Zealand) on 16 mm; it was produced and directed by Murray Reece with the screenplay by Ian Mune.
 The Lahore Times (TLT) most widely read English-language online newspaper in Lahore. It was founded in 2011 by Sheikh Tallat Waheed. Headquartered in Lahore and with a presence in Islamabad Karachi and other major cities the monthly unique visitor of TLT is approx 80000.
 Frritt-Flacc is a horror short story by Jules Verne. It was first published in December 1884 in the magazine Le Figaro illustré and then in 1886 together with the novel The Lottery Ticket as a part of the Voyages Extraordinaires series. The first English translation was published in 1892 in The Strand Magazine.
 Love Live! (ラブライブ! Rabu Raibu!) School Idol Project is a Japanese multimedia project co-developed by ASCII Media Works' Dengeki G's Magazine music label Lantis and animation studio Sunrise. The project revolves around a group of fictional school girls who become idols in order to save their school from shutting down. It launched in the August 2010 issue of Dengeki G's Magazine and went on to produce music CDs anime music videos two manga adaptations and video games.
 Regenesis (2009) is a science fiction novel by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh set in her Alliance-Union universe. It is a sequel to Cherryh's 1988 Hugo award-winning science fiction novel Cyteen and was published in hardcover by DAW Books in January 2009. The teenage clone of a top scientist and political leader unravels the decades-old murder of her genemother while also dealing with threats to her own welfare.
 The Adventures of Captain Underpants is an American children's novel by Dav Pilkey the first novel in the Captain Underpants series.
 I Funny is a realistic fiction novel by James Patterson. It was published by Little Brown and Company in 2012.
 Prague Business Journal or PBJ was an English-language business newspaper published in the Czech Republic from 1996 to December 2003.
 Gramma is a short story by Stephen King first published in Weirdbook magazine in 1984 and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew. Certain characters/creatures/unearthly powers featured in the works of H.P. Lovecraft also appear in this story making it a story set in the Cthulhu Mythos.
 Science and Technology Daily (科技日报 Keji Ribao) is the official newspaper of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China. It is published in Chinese and based in Beijing. It was one of the few Chinese newspapers to cover the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989.
 San Diego Magazine is a monthly publication concerning life in the San Diego region. It is the city’s longest running lifestyle publication. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).San Diego Magazine also publishes Exquisite Weddings Magazine a biannual magazine for brides and wedding professionals in Southern California and surrounding regions.
 Red Orc's Rage (1991) is a recursive science fiction novel and part of the World of Tiers series of novels by Philip José Farmer. The plot of the book was inspired by the work of American psychiatrist A.James Giannini M.D who used earlier books in Farmer's series as role-playing tools and aids to self-analysis. This technique was developed at Yale University and further expanded by Dr. Giannini at Ohio State University. The technique is properly called projective psychotherapy.
 The Forsyte Saga first published under that name in 1922 is a series of three novels and two interludes published between 1906 and 1921 by Nobel Prize-winning English author John Galsworthy. They chronicle the vicissitudes of the leading members of an upper class British family similar to Galsworthy's own. Only a few generations removed from their farmer ancestors the family members are keenly aware of their status as new money.
 Fifty Years of Silence: The Extraordinary Memoir of a War Rape Survivor is a personal memoir written by Jan Ruff O'Herne a comfort woman who was forced into sexual slavery by the Imperial Japanese Army.
 The Journal of Ecclesiastical History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press. It was established in 1950 and covers all aspects of the history of the Christian Church. It deals with the Church both as an institution and in its relations with other religions and society at large.
 The Newberg Graphic is the weekly newspaper of Newberg Oregon United States. In January 2013 the paper was sold to the Pamplin Media Group along with five other papers owned by Eagle Newspapers.
 Five Patients is a non-fiction book by Michael Crichton that recounts his experiences of hospital practices during the late 1960s at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.The book describes each of five patients through their hospital experience and the context of their treatment.
 Cancer Letters is a peer-reviewed medical journal established in 1975 that focusses on the rapid publication of original research on multidisciplinary aspects of cancer. The editor-in-chief is M. Schwab.
 Kodomo no Jikan (こどものじかん lit. A Child's Time) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kaworu Watashiya. The story revolves around a grade school teacher named Daisuke Aoki whose main problem is that one of his students Rin Kokonoe has a crush on him. It was serialized between May 2005 and April 2013 in Futabasha's Comic High! magazine and is compiled in 13 volumes.
 Cinna ou la Clémence d'Auguste (English: Cinna or the clemency of Caesar Augustus) is a tragedy by Pierre Corneille written for the Théâtre du Marais in 1639. It takes place in ancient Rome but the ideas and themes characterize the age of Louis XIV most notably the establishment of royal power over the nobility. A production was laid on in Bayonne in 1660 just before the King arrived for his wedding to the Infanta.
 Black Skin White Masks (Peau noire masques blancs 1952) by Frantz Fanon is a sociological study of the psychology of racism and the dehumanization inherent to colonial domination.With the application of historical interpretation and the concomitant underlying social indictment the psychiatrist Frantz Fanon formulated Black Skin White Masks to combat the oppression of black people; and thus applied psychoanalysis and psychoanalytic theory to explain the feelings of dependency and inadequacy that Black people experience in a White world. 
 Samurai is a 1957 autobiographical book by Saburo Sakai co-written with Fred Saito and Martin Caidin. It describes the life and career of Saburō Sakai the Japanese combat aviator who fought against American fighter pilots in the pacific theater of World War II surviving the war with 64 kills as one of Japan's leading flying aces. Caidin wrote the prose of the book basing its contents on journalist Fred Saito's extensive interviews with Sakai as well as on Sakai's own memoirs.
 The Edible Woman is a 1969 novel that helped to establish Margaret Atwood as a prose writer of major significance. It is the story of a young woman whose sane structured consumer-oriented world starts to slip out of focus. Following her engagement Marian feels her body and her self are becoming separated. As Marian begins endowing food with human qualities that cause her to identify with it she finds herself unable to eat repelled by metaphorical cannibalism.
 The Birds of Australia is an illustrated book depicting Australian birds. It comprises six parts (often bound as three volumes) of 303 full-page folio-sized chromolithographed illustrations of over 700 species of Australian birds with accompanying descriptive text.
 Treatment Guidelines from The Medical Letter is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal publishing reviews of pharmaceutical drugs including effectiveness safety adverse effects and drug interactions. It is published by The Medical Letter Inc. which also publishes The Medical Letter on Drugs and Therapeutics. The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed.
 Choritrohin is a novel by Bengali novelist Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay.
 Sarvajana Nesan (Tamil: சர்வஜன நேசன் 'The Universal Friend') was an Arabic Tamil weekly newspaper published from Colombo Ceylon 1886-1889. Sarvajana Nesan covered general issues on politics business and education. Sarvajana Nesan was formed by a group of Ceylonese Muslims to opposed M.K. Cittilevvai and Sarvajana Nesan served as a rival to his Muslim Nesan. A.L.C.
 Advances in Difference Equations is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal covering research on difference equations published by Hindawi Publishing Corporation.The journal was established in 2004 and publishes articles on theory methodology and application of difference and differential equations. The editor-in-chief is Ravi P. Agarwal (Florida Institute of Technology).
 The Ascent of Money: A Financial History of the World is Harvard professor Niall Ferguson's tenth book published in 2008 and an adapted television documentary for Channel 4 (UK) and PBS (US) which in 2009 won an International Emmy Award. It examines the long history of money credit and banking.
 The Kentucky Irish American was an ethnic weekly newspaper in Louisville Kentucky which catered to Louisville's Irish community.It was first published on July 4 1898 founded by William M. Higgins. It was a four-page weekly. Higgins would run the paper until his death on June 9 1925.
 El Mosquito was an independent weekly satire newspaper published in Buenos Aires Argentina. It was the first political humor newspaper in Argentina.
 To Be or Not to Be: A Chooseable-Path Adventure also referred to as To Be or Not to Be: That is the Adventure is a 2013 novel by Ryan North retelling the story of Shakespeare's Hamlet in a choose your own adventure format and mostly contemporary language. The initial run of the book was crowd funded through Kickstarter and published by charitable uncorporation Breadpig.
 Bipolar Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on bipolar disorders. It is published 8 times a year by Wiley-Blackwell and is an official journal of the International Society for Bipolar Disorders. The journal was established in 1999 and the editors-in-chief are K.N. Roy Chengappa and Samuel Gershon (Western Psychiatric Institute & Clinic).
 Tetrarch is the second novel in Ian Irvine's The Well of Echoes quartet.
 The Reno Gazette-Journal is the main daily newspaper for Reno Nevada. It is owned by the Gannett Company publisher of USA Today. It came into being when the Nevada State Journal (founded in 1870) and the Reno Evening Gazette (founded in 1876) were combined in 1983. Speidel Newspapers bought the Gazette and the Journal in 1939.
 Le Curé de village (The Village Priest) is a novel by Honoré de Balzac. It first appeared in La Presse in 1839. Frequently revised the edited text was published as a separate volume in 1841. It covers themes that Balzac had already developed in le Médecin de campagne - improvements to living conditions in rural areas and redemption through self-sacrifice.
 An Claidheamh Soluis (The Sword of Light; Irish: [ə ˈklˠiːw ˈsɔlˠɪɕ]) was an Irish nationalist newspaper published in the early 20th century by Conradh na Gaeilge (the Gaelic League).Eoin MacNeill was its first editor overseeing its publication from 1899 to 1901. In 1900 the League took control of the weekly bilingual paper Fáinne an Lae when its editor went bankrupt.
 One Bullet Away: The Making of a Marine Officer is an autobiography by Nathaniel Fick published by Houghton-Mifflin in 2005. An account of Nathaniel Fick's time in the United States Marine Corps it begins with his experiences at Officer Candidate's School in Quantico Virginia and details his deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq during the War on Terror.In 2006 Recorded Books published an unabridged audiobook edition (ISBN 978-1-41937595-8) narrated by Andy Paris.
 JFK in Ireland: Four Days That Changed a President is the title of the first book written by Irish broadcaster Ryan Tubridy. Released in the UK in 2010 and by Lyons Press in the US in 2011 it is a profile of President of the United States John F. Kennedy's 1963 visit to Ireland.A spokesperson for Eason & Son was reported to have called it one of the most highly anticipated literary events of the year.
 Making the Future: Occupations Interventions Empire and Resistance is a 2011 collection of political op-ed columns written by Noam Chomsky and edited by John Stickney for monthly publication by the New York Times Syndicate between April 2 2007 and October 31 2011. The columns according to Stickney “present a narrative of the events that have made the future since 2007” including War in Afghanistan and Iraq the 2008 U.S.
 Worth Dying For is the fifteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published on 30 September 2010 in the United Kingdom and was published on 19 October 2010 in the USA. It is written in the third person.
 The Journal of Materials Engineering and Performance is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of ASM International. The editor-in-chief is Rajiv Asthana (University of Wisconsin). The journal covers all aspects of materials engineering broadly described as materials selection design processing characterization and evaluation.
 Comic Shop News (also called CSN) is a weekly newspaper distributed by comic book specialty stores. It was launched in 1987 by Cliff Biggers and Ward Batty both of whom continue to edit it today.
 Psychopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that research on and classification of mental illness in clinical psychiatry the field of psychopathology. It was established in 1897 as Psychiatria Clinica and obtained its current name in 1984. It bills itself as the International journal of experimental psychopathology phenomenology and psychiatric diagnosis and aims to elucidate the complex interrelationships of biology subjective experience behavior and therapies.
 Among Others is a 2011 fantasy novel by Jo Walton published originally by Tor Books. It is published in the UK by Corsair (Constable & Robinson). It won the 2012 Nebula Award for Best Novel the Hugo Award for Best Novel and the British Fantasy Award and was a nominee for the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel.
 Miniskirt Space Pirates (ミニスカ宇宙海賊(パイレーツ) Minisuka Pairētsu) is a Japanese light novel series written by Yūichi Sasamoto and published by Asahi Shimbun Shuppan since October 2008. An anime television series adaptation produced by Satelight under the title Bodacious Space Pirates (モーレツ宇宙海賊(パイレーツ) Mōretsu Pairētsu) aired in Japan between January 8 2012 and June 30 2012. A film adaptation was released in Japanese theaters on February 22 2014. A web manga adaptation launched on June 2 2012.
 Time of Trial is a young adult historical novel by Hester Burton first published in 1963. Set in early nineteenth century England it addresses the themes of social reform and freedom of speech in a time of war. Hester Burton received the 1963 Carnegie Medal for this novel.
 The American Naturalist is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1867. It is published by the University of Chicago Press on behalf of the American Society of Naturalists. The journal covers research in ecology evolutionary biology population and integrative biology. As of 2013 the editor-in-chief is Judith L Bronstein.
 La Gerbe (French pronunciation: ​[la ʒɛʁb] The Sheaf) was a weekly newspaper of the French collaboration with Nazi Germany during World War II that appeared in Paris from July 1940 till August 1944. Its political-literary line was modeled after Candide and Gringoire two right-wing newspapers founded in the interwar period.Founder and editor was the writer Alphonse de Châteaubriant and chief editor was Marc Augier.
 Sergeant Kirk El Sargento Kirk or Sgt. Kirk is the title and main character of a western comics series by Italian comic book creator Hugo Pratt and Argentine author Héctor Germán Oesterheld.
 The New York Evening Graphic (not to be confused with the earlier Daily Graphic) was a tabloid newspaper published from 1924 to 1932 by Bernarr Bodylove Macfadden. Exploitative and mendacious in its short life the pornoGraphic defined tabloid journalism launching the careers of Walter Winchell Louis Sobol and sportswriter-turned-television host Ed Sullivan.
 Heat is a novel written by Mike Lupica that was published in 2006. In the book the main character is a young boy named Michael Arroyo a gifted baseball player. But there is one problem the coaches from other teams say that he is too good to be just 12 years old. With no parents and a birth certificate back at his native home Cuba Michael will have to somehow prove with the help of his best friend Mannyand his brother Carlos that he really is the age that he says.
 The Anti-Pamela; or Feign'd Innocence Detected is a 1741 novel written by Eliza Haywood as a satire of the 1740 novel Pamela or Virtue Rewarded by Samuel Richardson.
 Lord Darcy Investigates is a collection of short stories by Randall Garrett featuring his alternate history detective Lord Darcy. It was first published in paperback in 1981 by Ace Books and has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Wedge's Gamble (1996) is the second novel in the Star Wars: X-wing series. It was written by Michael A. Stackpole. It is set at the beginning of the New Republic era of the Star Wars universe and tells the story of Rogue Squadron's covert intelligence mission to Coruscant as a first wave for the Rebel Alliance's invasion.
 The Boy and the Darkness (Russian: Мальчик и тьма; aka Sunny Kitten aka Door into Darkness) is a Russian fantasy novel written by Sergey Lukyanenko. It describes the magical adventures of a modern 13 year old who has found a door into another world. The novel was completed in 1993 but Argus the publisher with which Lukyanenko signed a contract to print the novel refuses to publish. Lukyanenko was only able to publish the novel after the expiration of the four-year contract.
 Pop! is a children's novel in the Aussie Bites collection written by Australian author Margaret Clark and illustrated by Terry Denton. The book was released in Australia on 30 September 1999.It is the first in a three-part Margaret Clark Aussie Bites series containing Snap! Crackle! and Pop! in reference to the well known Kellogg's Rice Bubbles slogan.
 A Hazard of New Fortunes is a novel by William Dean Howells. Copyrighted in 1889 and first published in the U.S. by Harper & Bros. in 1890 the book was well-received for its portrayal of social injustice. Considered by many to be his best work the novel is also considered to be the first novel to portray New York City. Some argue that the novel was the first of three Howells wrote with Socialist and Utopian ideals in mind: The Quality of Mercy in 1892 and An Imperative Duty in 1893.
 Clinical and Vaccine Immunology (CVI) is a peer-reviewed journal published by the American Society for Microbiology. CVI enhances our understanding of the immune response in health and disease by showcasing important clinically relevant research including new animal models for human immunologic diseases viral immunology immunopathogenesis and clinical laboratory immunology.
 Tell Me Another Morning is an autobiographical novel by Zdena Berger a survivor of Holocaust camps at Theresienstadt Auschwitz and Bergen-Belsen. Berger began writing the book in 1955 after coming to North America and in 1961 she published the work through Harper & Brothers. The work went out of print shortly thereafter but was reissued in 2007 through Paris Press.
 Koi wa Ina Mono Myōna Mono or also known as Koiha Ina Mono Mouna Mono (恋は異なもの妙なもの trans. Love is a Strange and Different Thing) is a fictional manga written and illustrated by Japanese author Taishi Zaō (also known for her shōjo works under the name Mikiyo Tsuda) in 2002. The story focuses on the character Masafumi Tamura a sixteen-year-old high school boy who is a psychic of sorts. He has had foreseeing dreams ever since he was a young child and the dreams he has always come true.
 Molecular BioSystems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It publishes original research and review articles that have a particular focus on the interface between chemistry the -omic sciences and systems biology. The editor-in-chief is Harp Minhas.
 Altaydyn Cholmony (Altay: Алтайдыҥ чолмоны lit. Star of Altai) is the main Altai language newspaper of the Altai Republic. It is printed 3 times a week.The newspaper received the Order of the Badge of Honour.Previous designations:1922-1923: Кызыл солун табыш (Red News)1923-1925: Ойрот јери (Oirot region)1925-1948: Кызыл Ойрот/Kьzьl Ojrot (Red Oirot)
 A 2006 novel written by David Liss that revolves around Lemuel (Lem) Atlick a door to door encyclopedia salesman who is caught in the middle of an assassination and becomes a sole witness. The novel is a major departure from the series of economic history adventures Liss had previously written and a venture into black humor and modern satire.
 Vigilant is a science fiction novel written by the Canadian author James Alan Gardner published in 1999 by HarperCollins Publishers under its various imprints. The book is the third volume in Gardner's League of Peoples series after Expendable (1997) and Commitment Hour (1998).
 The St Neots Citizen is a British satirical local news service based in St Neots Cambridgeshire.
 The Saturdays: Our Story is the autobiography of British pop group The Saturdays which was published in October 2010. The book was written with a ghostwriter and published by the Transworld imprint Bantam Press.The autobiography was announced through The Saturdays official website in March 2010. The 250-page book also includes an insight into each of the girls' personal lives their success with The Saturdays.
 Periodico Dabaw is published daily by the PERIODICO VISMIN NEWS NETWORK with editorial and business office located at #45 Vermillion St. Spring Village Ma-a Davao City.At present PERIODICO DABAW had developed sister publications in various parts of Mindanao also being published daily.In General Santos City Koronadal City South Cotabato Sarangani Sultan Kudarat and some parts of North Cotabato we have PERIODICO-Banat SOCSKSARGEN.PERIODICO-Sur in the province of Davao del Sur.PERIODICO-NORTE in Davao del Norte Periodico-Kadi in Davao Oriental PERIODICO-Bukidnon in Bukidnon; PERIODICO AgSur in Agusan del Sur; PERIODICO-SurSur in Surigao del Sur; PERIODICO-Diwalwal in Compostela Valley Province; PERIODICO-Surigao in Surigao del Norte; PERIODICO-Kutawato in Cotabato Province.Our daily circulation is pegged at 32000 copies with a 28000 copies sold-out report.
 Rizospastis (Greek: Ριζοσπάστης The Radical) is the official newspaper of the Communist Party of Greece. It is published daily. It was first published in 1916. Some of the more prominent editors in it are Nikos Boyiopoulos and Liana Kanelli.
 Dasadhyayi (Devanāgarī: दशाध्यायी IAST: Daśādhyāyī) is the famous reputed commentary on the first ten chapters of Varāha Mihira’s Bṛhat Jātaka by Govinda Bhaṭṭathiri (1237 – 1295) of Talakkulam who hailed from Alattur a village near Thirur in South Malabar Kerala and who had also written Muhūrtapadavī.
 The Pleasure of My Company is a novel by Steve Martin first published in 2003 which tells the story of the life of an obsessive compulsive and introverted young man named Daniel Cambridge. The novel revolves around Daniel his obsessions and his interactions with the world around his home in Santa Monica California.
 Nastanirh (also Nashtanir Bengali নষ্টনীড় Nôshţoniŗh) (1901) (English: The Broken Nest) is a Bengali novella by Rabindranath Tagore. It is the basis for the noted 1964 film Charulata by Satyajit Ray.
 Ransom (2009) is a novel by Australian author David Malouf. It retells the story of the Iliad from books 22 to 24.
 The Yangon Times (Burmese: ရန်ကုန်တိုင်းမ်) is a weekly newspaper published in Burma. The website obtains much of its information from Flower News .
 Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man was an ongoing monthly comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in September 2011 as part of the second re-launch of the Ultimate Marvel imprint. It followed the Death of Spider-Man storyline that concluded the series Ultimate Spider-Man to which Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man served as a sequel.
 Prisoner of the State: The Secret Journal of Premier Zhao Ziyang are the memoirs of the former General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Zhao Ziyang who was sacked after the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989. The book was published in English in May 2009 to coincide with the twentieth anniversary of the clearing of the square by tanks on June 4 1989.
 The Cellar is a 1980 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon. It was Laymon's first published novel and together with sequels The Beast House The Midnight Tour and the novella Friday Night in Beast House forms the series known by fans of Laymon as The Beast House Chronicles.
 Fear is a psychological thriller-horror novella by L. Ron Hubbard first appearing in Unknown Fantasy Fiction in July 1940. While previous editions followed the magazine text the 1991 Bridge edition reportedly restores the author's original manuscript text. The novella is ranked 10th on Modern Library 100 Best Novels - The Reader's List.
 Transcendence: Healing and Transformation Through Transcendental Meditation is a book written by psychiatrist and researcher Norman E. Rosenthal published in 2011 by the Tarcher imprint of the Penguin Group. It presents the author's personal experiences with Transcendental Meditation his opinions on Transcendental Meditation research as well as interviews with celebrity practitioners.
 The Algebraist a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks first appeared in print in 2004. It was nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2005.It was his third science fiction novel not to be based or set in The Culture and the first not to be potentially in the same universe.
 Beijing Review (Chinese: 北京周報; pinyin: běi jīng zhōu bào) is China's only national news magazine in English published by the China International Publishing Group. It claims a per-issue circulation of 70000 and distribution throughout China and 150 countries and regions worldwide.Founded in March 1958 as the weekly Peking Review it was an important tool for the People's Republic of China government to communicate to the rest of world.
 Cuvântul Liber (English: The Free Word) is a newspaper from Leova the Republic of Moldova founded by Ion Mititelu in 1998.
 Saraya (in Arabic سرايا ) is an Arabic online newspaper based in Amman Jordan. It was blocked by the Jordanian government in June 2012.
 Laugh Under the Sun (太陽の下で笑え。 Taiyou no Shita de Warae.) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its June imprint on December 19 2007.
 Dragon Boy is a book written by British author Dick King-Smith in 1993. It looks at the life of John a young orphan in the Middle Ages who is adopted by dragons.
 Education Update is an American non-profit monthly newspaper published in New York City New York.It focuses on issues related to education and has a circulation of approximately 200000.
 Cyberspace 3000 is a comic book that was published by the Marvel UK imprint of Marvel Comics from 1993 to 1994. The series follows the adventures of the 31st century spaceship Sol III which has fled Earth with a cargo of refugees.Although the series is mostly science fiction it is also tied to the Marvel Universe and occasionally features appearances by established Marvel characters such as Galactus the Silver Surfer and Adam Warlock as well as the Marvel UK heroine Dark Angel.
 Blood and Fog is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Conterto (コンチェルト) is a manga by Mitsuru Hattori published by Hakusensha that was serialized in Young Animal Zōkan Island magazine between 2005 and 2011. It is a yuri school life manga. The manga consists of five chapters in one volume.
 Walking Wounded is a collection of short stories written by William McIlvanney and published in 1989. Following a revival of interest in McIlvanney's writing this book was reissued by Canongate Books in 2014.
 Jaco the Galactic Patrolman (銀河パトロール ジャコ Ginga Patorōru Jako) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from July to September 2013 with the eleven chapters collected into a single volume by Shueisha.The eleventh chapter reveals that the story is set before the events of Toiryama's Dragon Ball and features some of its characters. The first two chapters received a Vomic adaptation for the television show Sakiyomi Jum-Bang!.
 Neuroscience Letters is a rapid-publication weekly scientific journal for short articles covering all aspects of neuroscience.
 The Moon Maid is an Edgar Rice Burroughs Lost World novel. It was written in three parts Part 1 was begun in June 1922 under the title The Moon Maid Part 2 was begun in 1919 under the title Under the Red Flag later retitled The Moon Men Part 3 was titled the The Red Hawk.
 Dutch Crossing is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to all aspects of Low Countries studies: history and art history Dutch and Flemish (and occasionally Afrikaans) literary and cultural studies Dutch language Dutch as a foreign language and intercultural and transnational studies.
 The Auk is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official publication of the American Ornithologists' Union (AOU). It was established in 1884. The journal contains articles relating scientific studies of the anatomy behavior and distribution of birds. The journal is named for the Great Auk the symbol of the AOU.
 Notebook Found in a Deserted House is a Cthulhu Mythos short story by Robert Bloch. It was first published in a 1951 issue of Weird Tales. Many consider it to be a predecessor to the film The Blair Witch Project.
 A Fish out of Water is a 1961 American children's book written by Helen Palmer Geisel (credited as Helen Palmer) and illustrated by P. D. Eastman. The book is based on a short story by Palmer's husband Theodor Geisel (Dr. Seuss) Gustav the Goldfish which was published with his own illustrations in Redbook magazine in June 1950.
 Rich Man Poor Man is a novel written by Irwin Shaw in 1969. It is the last of the novels of Shaw's middle period before he began to concentrate in his last works such as Evening In Byzantium Nightwork Bread Upon The Waters and Acceptable Losses on the inevitability of impending death. The title is taken from the nursery rhyme Tinker Tailor.
 The Feynman Lectures on Physics is a physics textbook based on some lectures by Richard P. Feynman a Nobel laureate who has sometimes been called “The Great Explainer”. The lectures were given to undergraduate students at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) during 1961–1963. The book's authors are Feynman Robert B. Leighton and Matthew Sands. The book comprises three volumes. The first volume focuses on mechanics radiation and heat including relativistic effects.
 The British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published on behalf of the British Pharmacological Society by Wiley-Blackwell.
 Mutiny on the Bounty is the title of the 1932 novel by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall based on the mutiny against Lieutenant William Bligh commanding officer of the Bounty in 1789. It has been made into several films and a musical. It was the first of what became The Bounty Trilogy which continues with Men Against the Sea and concludes with Pitcairn's Island.
 The Journal of Petrology is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal focused on the field of igneous and metamorphic petrology and petrogenesis. Published by the Oxford Journals division of Oxford University Press the journal has an impact factor of 4.714 as of 2012 making it the third most popular journal in the Geochemistry & Geophysics category of the Science Citation Index. Professor Marjorie Wilson of the University of Leeds is the executive editor.
 Metamaterials is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in March 2007. It is published by Elsevier in association with the Metamorphose Network of Excellence. The Coordinating Editor is Mikhail Lapine. The journal is published quarterly with occasional special issues.
 BUMP is a 2007-2008 comic book limited series written and illustrated by Mark Kidwell with colors and letters by Jay Fotos.
 Lebensmittel-Wissenschaft & Technologie ((English) Food Science & Technology) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It is the official journal of the Swiss Society of Food Science and Technology and the International Union of Food Science and Technology. Its editor-in-chief is Katrin Hecht (ETH Zürich). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal's 2010 impact factor is 2.292 ranking it 22nd out of 128 in the category Food Science & Technology.
 Death - Chuck Schuldiner's lyrics is a book about the American death metal musical group Death.
 Berlin Alexanderplatz is a 1929 novel by Alfred Döblin and is considered one of the most important and innovative works of the Weimar Republic. The story concerns a small-time criminal Franz Biberkopf fresh from prison who is drawn into the underworld. When his criminal mentor murders the prostitute whom Biberkopf has been relying on as an anchor he realizes that he will be unable to extricate himself from the underworld into which he has sunk.
 In the book The Tragedy of Today's Gays gay activist Larry Kramer publishes a speech he delivered at New York City's Cooper Union Hall on November 21 2004. In the speech Kramer urges gay men and lesbians to take action unite as a community and embrace safer lifestyles. The speech led to a protest two days later against American General Peter Pace Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff who had previously called homosexuality immoral.The speech is preceded by a foreword by Naomi Wolf.
 The Key to the Golden Firebird is the debut novel by noted young adult author Maureen Johnson. It was first published in 2004 and was listed as a Best Books for Young Adults by the American Library Association in 2005.
 Glide Path is a novel by Arthur C. Clarke published in 1963. Clarke's only non-science fiction novel it is set during World War II and tells a fictionalized version of the development of the radar-based ground-controlled approach (called ground-controlled descent in the novel) aircraft landing system and includes a character modeled on Luis Alvarez who developed this system. It is based on Clarke's own wartime service with the Royal Air Force during which he worked on the GCA project.
 Once You're Lucky Twice You're Good is a book written by Sarah Lacy and published in 2008. It is about some of the most successful companies of Silicon Valley and an in-depth insight into the story behind the founders including anecdotes and other stories.
 In Practice is published in conjunction with The Veterinary Record and provides continuing educational material for veterinary practitioners. It focuses on the topics of clinical and practice management. Reviews cover all species but principally farm and companion animals providing a regular update on clinical developments. The journal is published 10 times a year by BVA Publications in collaboration with the BMJ Group.
 Zen Mind Beginner's Mind is a book of teachings by the late Shunryu Suzuki a compilation of talks given to his satellite Zen center in Los Altos California. Published in 1970 by Weatherhill the book is not academic. These are frank and direct transcriptions of Suzuki's talks recorded by his student Marian Derby. Trudy Dixon and Richard Baker—Baker was Suzuki's successor—edited the talks by choosing those most relevant arranging them into chapters.
 Selected Letters V (1934-1937) is a collection of letters by H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1976 by Arkham House in an edition of 5138 copies. It is the fifth of a five volume series of collections of Lovecraft's letters and includes a preface by James Turner.
 Ring Around the Sun is also a SF short story by Isaac Asimov.Ring Around the Sun is a science fiction novel by Clifford D. Simak. Its anti-urban and pro-agrarian sentiments are typical of much of Simak's work.
 M.D. was a short lived comic book published by EC Comics in 1955 the sixth title in its New Direction line. The bi-monthly comic was published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein. It lasted a total of five issues before being cancelled along with EC's other New Direction comics.
 The Journal of Translational Medicine is an open-access medical journal published by BioMed Central since 2003. The editor-in-chief is Francesco Marinola (Sidra Medical and Research Center Qatar). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.46 ranking it 36th out of 121 journals in the category Medicine research and experimental.
 Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a 2005 novel by Lisa See set in nineteenth century China. In her introduction to the novel See writes that Lily the narrator was born in 1823 — the third year of Emperor Daoguang's reign. The novel begins in 1903 when Lily is 80 years old. It continues on to tell the story of her life from birth childhood marriage and old age.
 Harmful Intent is a novel by Robin Cook. Like most of Cook's other work it is a medical thriller.
 On Chesil Beach (ISBN 0385522401) is a 2007 novella by the Booker Prize-winning British writer Ian McEwan. The novel was selected for the 2007 Booker Prize shortlist.The Washington Post and Pulitzer Prize-winning book critic Jonathan Yardley placed On Chesil Beach on his top ten for 2007 praising McEwan's writing and saying that even when he's in a minor mode as he is here he is nothing short of amazing.
 Victorian Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Indiana University Press. It covers research on nineteenth-century Britain during the reign of Queen Victoria (1837–1901) and publishes essays forums and reviews on a variety of topics concerning Victorianism including literature social and political history philosophy fine arts science economics and law.
 The La Voce was an Italian daily newspaper published in Milan from March 1994 to April 1995. It was founded by prominent journalist Indro Montanelli after a quarrel with Silvio Berlusconi at that time owner of the Il Giornale newspaper of which Montanelli had been the editor in chief.
 Singing in the Shrouds is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twentieth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1959. The plot concerns a serial killer who is on a transatlantic voyage to South Africa.
 The Billion Dollar Ransom is the 73rd title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 El País is a Uruguayan newspaper first published on September 14 1918 and distributed nation-wide. It previously belonged to the same media group as the television channel Teledoce. Its website is ranked 6th in Uruguay according to Alexa.
 The International Journal of Computational Methods has been published by World Scientific since 2004. It covers modern computational methods such as interpolations and approximation techniques and real-time computation. It aims for interdisciplinary coverage of real-life applications whether in theoretical simulated forms or actual programming.The current Chief Editors are G.R. Liu R.C. Batra G. Yagawa E. Oñate and Z.H. Zhong.
 Sun Devils is the title of a science fiction space opera comic book series published by DC Comics for 12 issues between July 1984 and June 1985. Writers Gerry Conway Roy Thomas and artist Dan Jurgens created the series.
 Catch-22 is a satirical novel by the American author Joseph Heller. He began writing it in 1953; the novel was first published in 1961. It is set during World War II from 1942 to 1944. It is frequently cited as one of the greatest literary works of the twentieth century. It uses a distinctive non-chronological third-person omniscient narration describing events from the point of view of different characters.
 Green Anarchy was a magazine published by a collective located in Eugene Oregon. The magazine's focus was primitivism post-left anarchy radical environmentalism African American struggles anarchist resistance indigenous resistance earth and animal liberation anti-capitalism and supporting political prisoners. It had a circulation of 8000 partly in prisons the prison subscribers given free copies of each issue as stated in the magazine.
 Water (2006) U.S. 2006 India; is a novel by author Bapsi Sidhwa.
 Secret Window Secret Garden is one of four novellas published in the Stephen King book Four Past Midnight in 1990. It is similar to King's earlier novel The Dark Half. Both are about authors who are thinly veiled analogues of King himself—Thad Beaumont in The Dark Half and Mort Rainey in Secret Window Secret Garden.
 Education for Chemical Engineers is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Elsevier on behalf of the Institution of Chemical Engineers. The journal's scope covers all aspects of chemical engineering education. The journal was established in 2006 and publishes educational research papers teaching and learning notes and resource reviews.
 The Seed and the Sower is three interrelated stories blended into a novel first published in 1963. The novel was filmed in 1983 as Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence directed by Nagisa Oshima and starring David Bowie Tom Conti Ryuichi Sakamoto and Takeshi Kitano.
 Minority Report is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Gollancz in 2002. Most of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Fantastic Universe Astounding Space Science Fiction Galaxy Science Fiction Worlds of Tomorrow and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 A Crown Imperilled (US: A Crown Imperiled) is the second novel in the The Chaoswar Saga trilogy by Raymond E. Feist the final saga in the The Riftwar Cycle. The novel was released on January 30 2012.
 The New Hampshire or TNH is the University of New Hampshire's student newspaper since 1911 published by the student organization of the same name. The newspaper is published weekly on Tuesdays and Fridays during the academic year with a printed circulation 6000. TNH is distributed for free in the Memorial Union Building University housing academic buildings Durham businesses and other select locations in the area.
 The Anatomy Lesson (1995) is a novel by John David Morley inspired by Rembrandt’s painting The Anatomy Lesson of Dr. Nicolaes Tulp.
 Time & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of sociology. The editors-in-chief are Robert Hassan (University of Melbourne) and Hartmut Rosa (University of Jena). It was established in 1992 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Mesazhieri is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Prairie Schooner is a literary magazine published quarterly at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln with the cooperation of UNL's English Department and the University of Nebraska Press. It is based in Lincoln Nebraska and was first published in 1926.
 Queen of the Black Coast is a 1978 collection of two fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 1978 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. as volume VII of their deluxe Conan set. The title story originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales. The Vale of Lost Women first appeared in The Magazine of Horror.
 Physica Scripta is an international scientific journal for experimental and theoretical physics. It was established in 1970 and is published jointly by IOP Publishing on behalf of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences jointly with other Academies of Sciences and Physical Societies of the five Nordic Countries. The journal covers both experimental and theoretical physics with an accent on atomic molecular and optical physics plasma physics condensed matter physics and mathematical physics.
 Going Too Far: the Rise and Demise of Sick Gross Black Sophomoric Weirdo Pinko Anarchist Underground Anti-establishment Humor is a 1987 American non-fiction book by British-born humorist Tony Hendra about black humor what Hendra calls boomer humor a twisted style of humor that was popular with the baby boomer generation.
 The Secret of the Universe (1991) is the twenty-second and final collection of science essays by Isaac Asimov short works which originally appeared in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction (F&SF). Asimov died in 1992.
 Revue aerospatiale was a monthly magazine published by the French aerospace company Aérospatiale.
 Spider-Man: Blue is a comic book limited series written by Jeph Loeb and illustrated by Tim Sale. It ran for a total of six issues and has been reprinted in trade paperback form. Loeb and Sale had also worked on the limited series: Daredevil: Yellow Hulk: Grey and Captain America: White which also chronicle their respective Marvel Comics characters in their formative years.
 Biofabrication is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research that leads to the fabrication of advanced biological models medical therapeutic products and non-medical biological systems. The editor-in-chief is Wei Sun (Drexel University).
 A Night in November is a 1994 monodrama written by Marie Jones about one man's struggle with national identity during The Troubles in Northern Ireland.
 Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass is the English title of Sanatorium Pod Klepsydrą a novel by the Polish writer and painter Bruno Schulz published in 1937.
 Paycheck is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. Although the collection appears with a 2003 copyright it was first published by Gollancz in February 2004. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Imagination Startling Stories Amazing Stories Fantasy and Science Fiction and Galaxy Science Fiction.
 The Tartar Steppe (Italian: Il deserto dei Tartari literally The Desert of the Tartars) is a novel by Italian author Dino Buzzati published in 1940.The novel tells the story of a young officer Giovanni Drogo and his life spent guarding the Bastiani Fortress an old unmaintained border fortress.
 Twelve Angry Men is a play by Reginald Rose adapted from his 1954 teleplay of the same title for the CBS Studio One anthology television series. Staged in a 1964 London production the Broadway debut came 50 years before the CBS aired the play on October 28 2004 by the Roundabout Theatre Company at the American Airlines Theatre where it ran for 328 performances.
 Colloquy with a Polish Aunt is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first bookof poetry Harmonium. Itwas first published in 1919.Revue des deux mondes (Journal of the Two Worlds) is a French language monthly literary and cultural affairs magazine that has been published in Paris since 1829.
 Monthly Asuka (月刊あすか Gekkan Asuka) is a monthly Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten aimed at teenage girls. Much like its sibling publication Shōnen Ace it places some emphasis on anime tie-ins and spinoffs. Asuka is released on the 24th of each month.Comics published in this magazine are given the publishing label Asuka Comics when released in tankōbon format.
 Eunoia is an anthology of univocalics by Canadian poet Christian Bök. Each chapter is written using words limited to a single vowel producing sentences like: Hassan can at a handclap call a vassal at hand and ask that all staff plan a bacchanal.
 First Among Sequels is an alternate history comic fantasy novel by the British author Jasper Fforde. It is the fifth Thursday Next novel first published on 5 July 2007 in the United Kingdom and on 24 July 2007 in the United States.
 Ancient Thunder is a children's fantasy book by the Canadian writer Leo Yerxa simultaneously published in Canada and America during 2006. It won 2006 Governor General’s Literary Awards and also The 2008 Willow Awards. Ancient Thunder was both illustrated and written by Leo Yerxa.
 The Postville Herald is a local Newspaper in Postville Iowa. It is the official newspaper of the City of Postville and one of two official newspapers of Allamakee County. Seated at the hub of the four counties of Allamakee Clayton Winneshiek and Fayette - the Herald covers news and events in the four-county region. The Herald was originally established in 1892. In February 1991 the Wisconsin-based News Publishing Company Inc.
 Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Blackwell Publishing Ltd and the Department of Economics University of Oxford. The journal was established in 1939 as the Bulletin of the Oxford University Institute of Economics and Statistics and became the Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics in 1973.
 Clan Ground is the second book in The Books of the Named series of young adult prehistoric fiction novels by Clare Bell.
 The Journal of Cold War Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal on the history of the Cold War. It was established in 1999 and is published by MIT Press for the Harvard Project on Cold War Studies. The journal is issued also under the auspices of the Davis Center for Russian Studies (summer 2005). The editor in chief is Mark Kramer (Harvard University).
 The Messenger of Mathematics is a defunct mathematics journal. The founding editor-in-chief was William Allen Whitworth with Charles Taylor and volumes 1–58 were published between 1872 and 1929. James Whitbread Lee Glaisher was the editor-in-chief after Whitworth. In the nineteenth century foreign contributions represented 4.7% of all pages of mathematics in the journal.
 Noon: 22nd Century (Russian: Полдень. XXII век Polden'. Dvadcat' vtoroy vek) is a 1961 science fiction book by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky expanded in 1962 and further in 1967 translated into English in 1978. It is sometimes considered an episodic novel collection of linked short stories or a fix-up as some parts had been published previously as independent short stories.
 Hunter of Worlds is a 1977 science fiction novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was published by DAW Books first as a Science Fiction Book Club selection through Nelson Doubleday in March 1977 and then in a DAW paperback edition in August of that year. The work is set in Cherryh's Alliance-Union universe and occurs in the far future during the period of the Hanan Revolution although the events portrayed in the novel take place in another sector of the galaxy.
 The Book of Heroic Failures written by Stephen Pile in 1979 is a book written in celebration of human inadequacy in all its forms.
 Corrupting Dr. Nice is a science fiction novel by John Kessel published in 1997. It is a time travel novel modeled on the screwball comedies of the 1930s. The story follows the rich and klutzy Owen Vannice (Dr. Nice) as he exports a dinosaur from the Cretaceous Period. On the way to the twenty-first century he is stranded in Jerusalem in 40 AD where he and Genevieve Faison fall in love. However he leaves her after discovering that she and her father are con artists.
 Freeway Fighter is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Kevin Bulmer and originally published in 1985 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2005. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 13th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031710-4) and 23rd in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-565-4). The book is made up of 380 references rather than the usual 400.
 Thunder and Lightnings is a realistic children's novel by Jan Mark published in 1976 by Kestrel Books of Harmondsworth London with illustrations by Jim Russell.
 On the Water is a 1998 novel by Dutch author Hans Maarten van den Brink. It recounts an unlikely sporting partnership which is shattered by the advent of World War II. The central roles are those of Anton and David a rowing crew from opposite sides of Amsterdam society and Doktor Schneiderhahn the enigmatic German rowing coach who brings them together.
 Proceedings - Mathematical Sciences is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers current research in mathematics. Papers in applied areas are also published on the basis of the mathematical content. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences. The editor-in-chief is B V.R. Bhat (Indian Statistical Institute).
 The Santa Monica Observer is a free weekly newspaper founded in Santa Monica California in 1998 by David Ganezer http://www.smobserver.com. It is one of only two newspapers of general circulation in Santa Monica as defined by California Government Code Section 6008. The Santa Monica Observer is the most widely read weekly publication in Santa Monica.[citation needed] The Santa Monica Observer Newspaper has a circulation of 20000 and a readership of 38300.[citation needed]
 New Writings in SF 10 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the tenth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1967 followed by a paperback edition by Corgi the same year.The book collects seven novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 Sun-Ken Rock (Japanese: サンケンロック Hepburn: Sanken Rokku) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Boichi. The plot tells the story of Ken who is in love with a Japanese girl named Yumin. He dropped out of high school and followed her to Korea in an attempt to be in the police force just like her. Arriving at Korea he found himself a failure and unable to find proper work.
 Adachi-ga Hara (安達が原) is a 1991 anime short film and the fifth anime episode in the Lion Books series. This episode is the only one in the series released to theater first (unlike the rest of the series which was released directly to video) making it not an OVA.
 Here's to You Rachel Robinson is a 1993 young adult novel by Judy Blume the sequel to Just as Long as We're Together. It is an allusion to a real person Rachel Robinson[citation needed] and the Paul Simon song Mrs. Robinson.
 Too Many Detectives is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published September 14 1956 in Collier's. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three for the Chair published by the Viking Press in 1957.
 Six-Legged Soldiers: Using Insects as Weapons of War is a nonfiction scientific warfare book written by award-winning author and University of Wyoming professor Jeffrey A. Lockwood. Published in 2008 by Oxford University Press the book explores the history of bioterrorism entomological warfare biological warfare and the prevention of agro-terrorism from the earliest times to modern threats.
 The Sky Crawlers (スカイ·クロラ Sukai Kurora) is a Japanese novel series by Hiroshi Mori. First published by Chuōkōron-shinsha in June 2001 and spanning five books it follows the journeys and tribulations of a group of young fighter pilots involved in dogfight warfare and is set during an alternate historical period. The series is unlike other works by Mori noted for his series of mystery novels. The art for the series is illustrated by manga artist Kenji Tsuruta.
 Acta Zoologica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters. It was established in 1920 as Acta Zoologica and obtained its current name in 2002. It is one of the world's leading zoological journals and focuses on animal development structure and function including physiological organization.
 Die Sexualität im Kulturkampf (sexuality in the culture war) 1936 (published later in English as The Sexual Revolution) is a work by Wilhelm Reich.
 The Prime Minister is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1876. It is the fifth of the Palliser series of novels.
 Ḥakirah The Flatbush Journal of Jewish Law and Thought is a peer-reviewed journal in the field of Jewish Law and Thought. The journal is currently published by Hakirah Inc. from editorial offices in Brooklyn NY USA with 2 annual issues.
 Undermountain: Maddgoth's Castle is an adventure module for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Enemy Lines: Rebel Stand (also released as Enemy Lines II: Rebel Stand) is the thirteenth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars universe. It is the second novel in a two-part story by Aaron Allston; the prequel is Enemy Lines: Rebel Dream. It was published in June 2002.
 Undermountain: The Lost Level is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 RWD Magazine (also known as RWD or RWDmag) is a British based magazine which features Music Style Sport Gaming Film Technology News interviews and charts on hip hop Grime Dubstep RnB UK garage Drum and bass and U.S. house music. It is released monthly distributing 98300 copies each time and is ABC certified.
 Look is a glossy high street fashion and celebrity weekly magazine for young women. It is published by IPC Media and edited by Ali Hall. The magazine focuses on fashion high street shopping advice celebrity style and news and real life stories.
 The Great Indian Novel is a satirical novel by Shashi Tharoor. It is a fictional work that takes the story of the Mahabharata the epic of Hindu mythology and recasts and resets it in the context of the Indian Independence Movement and the first three decades post-independence. Figures from Indian history are transformed into characters from mythology and the mythical story of India is retold as a history of Indian independence and subsequent history up through the 1980s.
 Spring Fire is a 1952 paperback novel written by Marijane Meaker under the pseudonym Vin Packer. It is often considered to be the first lesbian pulp novel although it also addresses issues of conformity in 1950s American society. The novel tells the story of Susan Mitch Mitchell an awkward lonely freshman at a Midwestern college who falls in love with Leda her popular but troubled sorority sister.
 Aspects of Anglo-Saxon Magic is a study of Anglo-Saxon paganism and the role of magic in Anglo-Saxon England that was written by the English linguist poet and Anglo-Saxonist Bill Griffiths. It was first published in 1996 by Anglo-Saxon Books and later republished in a revised edition in 2003.Divided into two parts the first section of the book is devoted to a discussion of Anglo-Saxon paganism and magical beliefs in doing so drawing evidence from Anglo-Saxon Norse and Classical sources.
 Semana Jr. is a Colombian-based monthly magazine. The magazine is a version of Semana geared towards children's 6 through 12 years of age. The content of the magazine covers varied interests like popular children's film and games reviews and providing emphasis on history and science articles and activities; to some degree varying between the issues it also contains some national and international affairs news coverage redacted for a younger audience.
 Vanajan Joanna (Finnish: Joanna from Vanaja) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 One Good Turn (subtitled A Jolly Murder Mystery) is a 2006 crime novel by Kate Atkinson set in Edinburgh during the Festival. 'People queuing for a lunchtime show witness a brutal road rage incident - an incident that changes the lives of everyone involved.' It is the second novel to feature former private investigator Jackson Brodie and is set two years after the earlier Case Histories.
 I Confess was an American pulp magazine aimed at young women readers that was published in 1922-1932 by Dell Publishing. The magazine contained stories which were marketed as being true first-person accounts of mostly middle-class women’s lives and scandals told in a confessional style which was different from many other pulp magazines which were mainly marketed as cheap fictional magazines.
 Il Piccolo is the main daily newspaper of Trieste Italy. It has been founded in 1881 and it has since kept a moderately progressive political stance. Local editions for the towns of Monfalcone Gorizia and Istria (Croatia) are also printed. The name Il Piccolo derives from the paper's original small format.
 The Book about Moomin Mymble and Little My was the first Moomin picture book by Finnish author Tove Jansson published in 1952 in Swedish. It is the first Moomin book to be adapted into an iPad app.
 Original Sin is a 1994 detective novel in the Adam Dalgliesh series by P. D. James. It is set in London mainly in Wapping in the Borough of Tower Hamlets and centers around the city's oldest publishing house Peverell Press headquartered in a mock-Venetian palace on the River Thames.
 A Gypsy Good Time is a 1992 noir detective novel by Vietnam veteran Gustav Hasford and the last novel he completed before his death in 1993 at age 45. It is written in the style of classic hardboiled detective fiction and was poorly received by book critics at the time for making too much use of the cliches of the genre.
 The Miami SunPost is a free weekly community-style newspaper published in Miami Florida and distributed in a print edition and an on-line edition every Thursday. The paper covers local news politics business culture society and the arts.
 Jesus Freaks is a 1999 book by dc Talk and The Voice of the Martyrs. The name comes from the hit album that they released in 1995. It includes stories and testimonies of Christians from all over the world past and present who have been persecuted tortured or martyred for their Christian beliefs. Jesus Freaks is published by Albury Publishing (ISBN 1-57778-072-8).After its publication a sequel book was also published along with affiliated books.
 Nature Geoscience is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group. The editor-in-chief is Heike Langenberg. It was established in January 2008.
 Pather Panchali (Bengali পথের পাঁচালী Pôther Pãchali translated as Song of the Road) is a novel written by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay and was later adapted into a film of the same name by Satyajit Ray.
 The Daily Ledger is an American daily newspaper published Monday through Friday afternoons and Saturday mornings in Canton Illinois. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The Ledger also publishes a free shopper publication The Fulton County Shopper.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Continuing Education in Anaesthesia Critical Care & Pain is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal. It is a joint undertaking of the British Journal of Anaesthesia and the Royal College of Anaesthetists in collaboration with the Intensive Care Society and Pain Society. It publishes materials to support the continuing medical education and professional development of specialists in anaesthesia critical care medicine and pain management.
 The Tenant of Wildfell Hall is the second and final novel by English author Anne Brontë published in 1848 under the pseudonym Acton Bell.
 Limba Română (English: Romanian language) is a magazine from the Republic of Moldova founded in 1991 by Ion Dumeniuc.
 Proceso (Spanish: Process) is a Mexican magazine published in Mexico City. It was founded on November 6 1976 by journalist Julio Scherer García its current president.
 Empty World (1977) is a science fiction novel written by John Christopher aimed at an adolescent audience. It was Christopher's eleventh such novel. The German station ZDF produced a TV adaptation of Empty World in 1987. An updated film adaptation of Empty World is currently in development with German production company Lago Film and Los Angeles production company Cherry Road Films.
 Amazons is a novel co-written by Don DeLillo published under the pseudonym Cleo Birdwell in 1980. The subtitle is An Intimate Memoir By the First Woman to Play in the National Hockey League. The book was a collaboration with a former co-worker of DeLillo's Sue Buck and represents a commercial light-hearted effort between his novels Running Dog and The Names.
 Family Devotions is a 1981 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang. Hwang's third play it depicts the clash of West and East within three generations of an Americanized Chinese family living in a Los Angeles suburb. The play premiered on October 18 1981 Off-Broadway at the Joseph Papp Public Theater. It was directed by Robert Allan Ackerman with Michael Paul Chan Jodi Long Lauren Tom and Victor Wong.
 Tarzan and the Leopard Men is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the eighteenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. Its plot has nothing in common with the 1946 film Tarzan and the Leopard Woman.
 Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine (別冊少年マガジン Bessatsu Shōnen Magajin) is a Japanese monthly manga magazine published by Kōdansha. The magazine was started in September 2009 as a spin-off of another Kōdansha's magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine.
 Speedpost is a book written in 1999 by Shobha De.The book is a series of letters to her six children either grown or nearly so. The subjects that she approaches through the medium of letters include: growing pains and adolescent anxieties about love sex and friendship; religion and God; the challenge of being a responsible parent death remembrance and family traditions the place of career sex and of values in the lives of her children.
 Fragments of the Stars (星界の断章 Seikai no Danshō) is a series of books collecting short stories by Hiroyuki Morioka set in the same universe and involving characters from his novels Crest of the Stars and Banner of the Stars. The word Dansho refers to a passage from a written work but there is currently no consensus on how the title should be translated. One story from Seikai no Dansho I Birth was made into an anime OVA.
 Boneshaker is a science fiction novel by Cherie Priest which combines the steampunk genre with zombies in an alternate history version of Seattle Washington. It was nominated for the 2009 Nebula Award for Best Novel and the 2010 Hugo Award for Best Novel.
 Sir Harold of Zodanga is a fantasy novella written by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp as part of the Harold Shea series he originated in collaboration with Fletcher Pratt and later continued with Christopher Stasheff. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in de Camp and Stasheff's shared world anthology The Exotic Enchanter (1995).
 The Cardinal Sins is a 1981 novel by author and priest Andrew Greeley.
 Le Loup blanc (The White Wolf) is a French historical novel by Paul Féval père first published in France in 1843.The story takes place in Brittany in 1720 and 1740 and incorporates a real historical character: Philippe II Duke of Orléans.
 Blood Oath is a novel published in 2010 by Christopher Farnsworth. It centers on three main characters: Nathaniel Cade a vampire more than 160 years old currently bound by a blood oath to serve and protect the President of the United States; former Federal Bureau of Investigation agent Agent William Griffin or Griff Cade's handler for more than 30 years and Zach Barrows a former White House staffer that is Griff's replacement.
 Irish Mist is the fourth of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
 Cosmetics & Toiletries (C&T) is a multi-media franchise geared toward the research and development segment of the cosmetics and personal care industry. The magazine is published by Allured Business Media. Cosmetics & Toiletries magazine—the franchise core—is delivered to over 96 countries on a monthly basis and is geared toward formulators scientists researchers chemists and R&D management in the cosmetics and personal care industry.
 The Tale of Tom Kitten is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It was released by Frederick Warne & Co. in September 1907. The tale is about manners and how children react to them. Tabitha Twitchit a cat invites friends for tea. She washes and dresses her three kittens for the party but within moments the kittens have soiled and lost their clothes while scampering about the garden. Tabitha is affronted.
 Star Wars Republic Commando: Order 66 is the fourth novel in the Republic Commando series written by Karen Traviss. It is a sequel to Hard Contact Triple Zero and True Colors; it continues the story of Omega Squad's actions during the Clone Wars. It was released on September 16 2008.
 Old Times on the Mississippi is a non-fiction work by Mark Twain. It was published in 1876.
 Ma'alim fi al-Tariq also Ma'alim fi'l-tareeq (Arabic: معالم في الطريق) or Milestones first published in 1964 is a short (12 chapters 160 pages) book by Egyptian Islamist author Sayyid Qutb in which he lays out a plan and makes a call to action to re-create the Muslim world on strictly Qur'anic grounds casting off what Qutb calls Jahiliyyah the pre-Islamic ignorance that the world has lapsed into.Ma'alim fi al-Tariq has been called one of the most influential works in Arabic of the last half century. 
 The Stourbridge News is a local free newspaper which serves the Stourbridge area in the West Midlands of England. It is also circulated to the homes of readers living in the surrounding communities of Wordsley Hagley Amblecote Pedmore and Lye. It has been in circulation since February 1985 and has a readership of 55000.
 The Delta Factor redirects here. For the film see The Delta Factor (film)The Message in the Bottle: How Queer Man is How Queer Language is and What One Has to Do with the Other is a collection of essays on semiotics written by Walker Percy and first published in 1975.
 Zero In (ゼロイン) also romanized as Zeroin is a Japanese manga series released in 2004 by Sora Inoue serialized in Monthly Dragon Age magazine and published in Japan by Kadokowa Comics Dragon Junior. It is published in French by Pika Editions in German by Egmont Manga & Anime in South Korea by Haksan Publishing[citation needed] and in Italy by Flashbook Edizioni.
 The Plainview Herald originally published as the Plainview Daily Herald is a daily newspaper in Plainview Texas. The offices for the paper are located at 820 Broadway Plainview TX 79072. The newspaper is published in the nation's largest cotton growing region and on the edge of the nation's heaviest concentration of cattle feeding and beef packing operations.
 Quaternary Geochronology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal addressing methods and results in the dating of samples from the Quaternary Period.
 Black Mischief was Evelyn Waugh's third novel published in 1932. The novel chronicles the efforts of the English-educated Emperor Seth assisted by a fellow Oxford graduate Basil Seal to modernize his Empire the fictional African island of Azania located in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.The novel was written by Waugh whilst staying as a house guest at Madresfield Court in Worcestershire.
 Lord Brocktree is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 2000. It is the 13th book in the Redwall series to be published. It is also the earliest chronological installment in the Redwall series.
 The God of the Hive is a 2010 mystery novel by American author Laurie R. King. Tenth in the Mary Russell series the story features married detectives Mary Russell and Sherlock Holmes. The novel begins almost immediately after the close of King's preceding novel The Language of Bees.
 Generations of Winter (in Russian Московская сага - Moskovskaya Saga) is a novel by Russian writer Vasily Aksyonov.Many critics have praised Generations of Winter as a new Doctor Zhivago large-scale Russian novel which tells the story of a Russian family Gradov struggling to survive in the Stalinist era.
 It's Not All Shrovetide for the Cat (Ne Vsyo Kotu Maslenitsa Не всё коту масленица) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky written in 1871 and first published in the #9 September 1871 issue of Otechestvennye Zapiski. It was premiered on October 7 1871 in Moscow's Maly Theatre.
 Kohsantepheap Daily is a weekly newspaper published in Cambodia.
 The Andromeda Strain (1969) by Michael Crichton is a techno-thriller novel documenting the efforts of a team of scientists investigating a deadly extraterrestrial microorganism which rapidly and fatally clots human blood while inducing insanity in some people. The Andromeda Strain appeared in the New York Times Best Seller list establishing Michael Crichton as a genre writer.
 The Yale Journal of Biology and Medicine (YJBM) is a peer-reviewed PubMed-indexed scientific journal published quarterly by Yale University Press. It has been in continuous publication since its first issue in October 1928 and is the oldest medical student publication still in print.
 Dalesman is a British monthly regional magazine based in Skipton and serving the English county of Yorkshire. Its first edition was published in March 1939 under the original title of The Yorkshire Dalesman: A Monthly Magazine of Dales' Life and Industry. Although originally only serving the Yorkshire Dales the magazine was soon expanded to cover the whole county of Yorkshire with a particular focus on the countryside and over the years it has become a northern institution.
 His Dark Materials is a play written by British playwright Nicholas Wright adapted from the Philip Pullman fantasy novel trilogy of the same title. The production premiered in the Royal National Theatre's Olivier Theatre London in 2003. Due to the complications in staging a piece containing the narrative of three books the play was performed in two parts in alternate performances. The play is published by Nick Hern Books.
 I Am My Own Wife is a play by Doug Wright based on his conversations with German Charlotte von Mahlsdorf. The one-man play premiered Off-Broadway in 2003 at Playwrights Horizons. It opened on Broadway later that year. The play was developed with Moisés Kaufman and his Tectonic Theater Project and Kaufman also acted as director. Jefferson Mays starred in the Broadway and Off-Broadway productions playing some forty roles.
 Twice-Told Tales is a short story collection in two volumes by Nathaniel Hawthorne. The first was published in the spring of 1837 and the second in 1842. The stories had all been previously published in magazines and annuals hence the name.
 Janadina (Sinhala: ජනදින 'People's Daily') was a Sinhala-language daily newspaper published in Sri Lanka. It was an organ of the Lanka Sama Samaja Party.In the latter half of the 1960s Janadina gained recognition (along with the Communist Party organ Aththa) for carrying fierce criticisms of the government using novel forms of journalism and catchy headlines. The newspaper had some 20000-30000 daily readers.
 Vegan Virgin Valentine (2004) is a young adult novel by Carolyn Mackler. The book has been on book pick lists for the ALA New York Public Library and Teen Reads Week. The book has also been banned in some locations because of inappropriate language.
 The House of Connelly is a 1931 Broadway two act drama written by Paul Green produced by the Group Theatre in association with The Theatre Guild and staged by Lee Strasberg and Cheryl Crawford. It ran for 91 performances from September 28 1931 to November 14 1931 at the Martin Beck Theatre and then from November 16 1931 to January 2 1932 at the Mansfield Theatre.
 Faro de Vigo is a Spanish daily newspaper for the town of Vigo. It is the oldest Spanish newspaper in circulation.[citation needed]Its headquarters are located in Chapela Redondela.
 Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Conviction is a novel set in 2009 and was written under the pseudonym David Michaels; although the previous two books were written by Grant Blackwood. Conviction was written by Peter Telep. The novel is an original story set in 2009/10 (two years before the Conviction game). It is not a novelization of the game Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Conviction but rather a semi-prequel (covering some of Sam's time on the run between Double Agent and Conviction).
 The Baltimore Jewish Times is a subscription-based weekly community publication serving the Jewish community of Baltimore.
 The Girl the Gold Watch & Everything (1962) is a science fiction novel written by John D. MacDonald.
 Difference and Repetition (French: Différence et Répétition) is a 1968 book by philosopher Gilles Deleuze originally published in France. It was translated into English by Paul Patton in 1994.Difference and Repetition was Deleuze's principal thesis for the Doctorat D'Etat alongside his secondary historical thesis Expressionism in Philosophy: Spinoza.The work assays a critique of representation.
 The Dream Life of Balso Snell is a 1931 novel by American author Nathanael West. West's first novel it presents a young man's immature and cynical search for meaning in a series of dreamlike encounters inside the entrails of the Trojan Horse.
 La Chamade is a 1965 novel by French playwright and novelist Françoise Sagan. It was adapted into a 1968 movie starring Catherine Deneuve and Michel Piccoli.
 February Shadows (German: Februarschatten) is a 1984 historical novel by award-winning Austrian author Elisabeth Reichart. She wrote it as a response to her discovery of the Mühlviertler Hasenjagd (rabbit hunt of the Mühlviertel region) a massacre on February 2 1945 at the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp in Upper Austria.
 The Breaking Point was a 1923 Broadway three act drama written by Mary Roberts Rinehartproduced by Wagenhals and Collin Kemper and staged by Kemper. It ran for 68 performances from August 16 1923 to October 1923 at the Klaw Theatre. It was based on Rinehart's 1922 novel of the same name.
 White Album (ホワイトアルバム Howaito Arubamu) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Leaf and was originally released on May 1 1998 for Microsoft Windows PCs as a CD-ROM. A PlayStation 3 version published by Aquaplus with several modification was released in 2010. A sequel to the original visual novel titled White Album 2 was released in two parts in 2010 and 2011.
 What the Moon Brings is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft written on June 5 1922. This story was first published in the National Amateur in May 1923. It is shorter than most of Lovecraft's other short stories and is essentially a fragment. It is based on one of Lovecraft's dreams (a common technique of his).
 Shiyue (Chinese: 十月; Mandarin: [ʂɨ ɥy̯œ]) is one of the most prominent Chinese literary magazines. It was established in August 1978 as a quarterly periodical in Beijing. Since 1980 Shiyue is published as a bimonthly magazine.
 Educational Measurement: Issues and Practice is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Council on Measurement in Education. The journal was established in 1982. Its current editor-in-chief is Derek C. Briggs (University of Colorado Boulder). The journal covers educational measurement in the sense of both inferences made and actions taken on the basis of test scores or other modes of assessment.
 Theology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge. Since 2010 Sage Publications have managed the online publication and distribution of the journal. It covers current work in fields related to contemporary Christian thought and practice including historical systematic and pastoral theology as well as biblical studies history philosophy and ethics. It was published monthly from its founding under editor E. G.
 Connections is a quarterly academic journal covering security defense armed forces conflict intelligence history war and related issues. It was established in 2002 by the Partnership for Peace Consortium of Defense Academies and Security Studies Institutes and is published in English in both hardcover and PDF. The journal is also published in Russian. The journal is indexed by EBSCO databases Columbia International Affairs Online and the International Relations and Security Network.
 The Favourite Game is the first novel by Leonard Cohen. It was first published by Secker and Warburg in the fall of 1963.In 1959 Cohen was awarded a $2000 Canada Council grant which he used to live cheaply in London and on the Greek island of Hydra while he wrote the novel then titled Beauty at Close Quarters. When he returned to Canada in 1960 it was rejected by his publisher McClelland & Stewart.
 Sri Ram Snehi Bhaskar Magazine is a monthly publication based in India. Ram Kishor Ji Maharaj of Ramsnehi Sampradaya was the founder of the magazine.
 Criss Cross is a novel by Lynne Rae Perkins that won the 2006 Newbery Medal for excellence in children's literature. It followed the character Debbie from her previous novel All Alone in the Universe but introduced several new characters primarily her neighborhood friends Hector Lenny and Phil.
 Kulliyaat-e-Jamal (Urdu: کُلیاتِ جمال‎) is a collection of complete poetry work by Jamal Ehsani a Pakistani poet.in which his three appealing poetry books Sitara-e-Safar Raat Ke Jaagey Huay and Taare Ko Mehtab Kia are included. The work was published posthumously in 2008.
 Springhaven: a tale of the Great War is a three-volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1887. It is set in Sussex during the time of the Napoleonic Wars and revolves around the plots of the villainous Captain Caryl Carne who attempts to aid a French invasion.
 Beautiful Boy: A Father's Journey Through His Son's Addiction is a best-selling memoir by David Sheff that describes how his family dealt with his son Nic's methamphetamine addiction. It was published by Houghton Mifflin on April 26 2008. The book grew out of the article My Addicted Son that Sheff had written for The New York Times Magazine in 2005.
 The International Journal of the Sociology of Language is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of sociology of language. It was established in 1974 by Joshua Fishman who has served many years as editor-in-chief now working closely with by Ofelia Garcia Otheguy. Each issue is dedicated to a single topic within the scope of the journal's field such as Sociolinguistic Issues in Azerbaijan and The Official Language Minorities in Canada.
 Vascular Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Vascular disease. The journal's editor is Mark A. Creager (Brigham and Women's Hospital). It has been in publication since 1990 and is currently published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Society for Vascular Medicine and Biology.
 Milwaukee Magazine is a monthly city magazine serving the Milwaukee metropolitan area in Wisconsin United States. It bills itself as Southeastern Wisconsin's most authoritative source for Events and Dining and reports a readership of 200000.Milwaukee Magazine's office is located in the Historic Third Ward neighborhood of downtown Milwaukee. It is printed by its parent company Quad/Graphics and is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).
 When the People Fell is a science fiction short story by Cordwainer Smith set in his Instrumentality universe. It was originally published in Galaxy Science Fiction magazine in April 1959 and is most recently collected in The Rediscovery of Man and in the collection of which it is the title story.
 Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer for Realistic Radicals is the late work of community organizer Saul D. Alinsky and his last book published in 1971 shortly before his death. His goal for the Rules for Radicals was to create a guide for future community organizers to use in uniting low-income communities or “Have-Nots” in order to empower them to gain social political and economic equality by challenging the current agencies that promoted their inequality.
 The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid is a 2006 memoir by best-selling travel writer Bill Bryson. The book delves into Bryson's past and telling of his youth growing up in Des Moines Iowa during the 1950s and early 1960s. It also reveals the backstory between himself and Stephen Katz who appeared in A Walk in the Woods and Neither Here Nor There: Travels in Europe. Bryson also describes and comments on American life in the 1950s.
 Roger's Profanisaurus is a humorous book published in the United Kingdom by Dennis Publishing which is written in the style of a lexicon of profane words and expressions. It is a spin-off publication from the popular British adult comic Viz and features one of the comic's characters the foul-mouthed Roger Mellie the Man on the Telly. The title of the book is a word play on Roget's Thesaurus Profanisaurus being a portmanteau of profanity and Thesaurus.
 This is the article about the novel. For the films adapted from James' novel see The Wings of the Dove (film).The Wings of the Dove is a 1902 novel by Henry James. This novel tells the story of Milly Theale an American heiress stricken with a serious disease and her effect on the people around her. Some of these people befriend Milly with honorable motives while others are more self-interested.
 Code to Zero is a novel by the British author Ken Follett published by Pan Macmillan. The story follows Luke an amnesic who spends the duration of the book learning of his life and slowly uncovering secrets of a conspiracy to hold America back in the space race.It is set out in both chapters and parts. There are five parts to the book and an unspecified number of chapters which are titled by the time of day they are set rather than the more common numbering system.
 The Unsex'd Females a Poem (1798) by Richard Polwhele is a polemical intervention into the public debates over the role of women at the end of the 18th century. The poem is primarily concerned with what Polwhele characterizes as the encroachment of radical French political and philosophical ideas into British society particularly those associated with the Enlightenment.
 The Harrowing of Gwynedd is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1989. It was the tenth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the first book in her fourth Deryni trilogy The Heirs of Saint Camber. Although the Heirs trilogy was the fourth Deryni series to be published it is a direct sequel to the second trilogy The Legends of Camber of Culdi.
 Lean In: Women Work and the Will to Lead is a 2013 book written by Sheryl Sandberg the chief operating officer of Facebook.
 The Elephant Man is a 1977 play by Bernard Pomerance. The production's Broadway debut in 1979 was produced by Richmond Crinkley and Nelle Nugent and directed by Jack Hofsiss. The play closed in 1981 after eight previews and 916 regular performances. Prior to its Broadway production the play was introduced at the Hampstead Theatre in London later playing in repertory at the Royal National Theatre in London. It ran Off-Broadway from January 14-March 18 1979 at the York Theatre at St.
 A Coney Island of the Mind is a collection of poetry by Lawrence Ferlinghetti originally published in 1958. It contains some of Ferlinghetti's most famous poems such as I Am Waiting and Junkman's Obbligato which were created for jazz accompaniment. There are approximately a million copies in print of A Coney Island and the book has been translated into over a dozen languages. It remains one of the best-selling and most popular books of poetry ever published.
 Midori no Makibaō (みどりのマキバオー lit. Green Meadow King) is a manga series written and illustrated by Tsunomaru and serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump. It was also adapted into an anime series.
 Mookychick is an independent daily online magazine and community with more than 100000 readers a month and over 5000 forum members. Mookychick content includes analysis of current sociopolitical events social and cultural trends alternative fashion movies books music and arts and crafts from a feminist perspective.
 The Journal of Robotic Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering robotic surgery including surgical simulation and medical imaging techniques. It is the official journal of the Society of Robotic Surgery. The journal was established in 2007 by Vipul Patel and is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Selected Poems of Henry Ames Blood is a collection of poetry by American poet Henry Ames Blood. While his verse had been widely anthologized during his lifetime this volume was the only book devoted solely to his verse. It was published in hardcover in Washington D.C. by The Neale Publishing Company in 1901. It was reprinted in paperback by the Kessinger Publishing Company in September 2007.The book collects thirty poems by the author selected by his widow Mary M.
 Poetry (founded as Poetry: A Magazine of Verse) published in Chicago since 1912 is one of the leading monthly poetry journals in the English-speaking world. Published by the Poetry Foundation and currently edited by Don Share the magazine has a circulation of 30000 and prints 300 poems per year out of approximately 100000 submissions. It is sometimes referred to as Poetry--Chicago.Poetry has been financed since 2003 with a $200 million bequest from Ruth Lilly.
 Someone Comes to Town Someone Leaves Town is a contemporary fantasy novel by Canadian author Cory Doctorow. It was published in June 2005 concurrently released on the Internet under a Creative Commons license free for download in several formats including ASCII and PDF. It is Doctorow's third novel.The novel was chosen to launch the Sci Fi Channel's book club Sci Fi Essentials (now defunct).
 Notes from Hell is a biographical novel written by Nikolay Yordanov and Valya Cherveniayshka about her life in Libyan prisons during the HIV trial in Libya.
 Elite Traveler is a luxury lifestyle magazine. The magazine calls itself the private jet lifestyle magazine. Amongst other articles and features each year it publishes its ranking of the world's top 100 restaurants.The magazine's readers have a median household income of US$2.28 million a group considered by Forbes as Ultra-High-Net-Worth consumers.
 The Outlaw's Silver is the title of a Hardy Boys Digest novel written by Franklin W. Dixon. Sometimes it goes by the number of 67 in the series a continuation of the original novels and sometimes as the 9th as it is the 9th published by Simon & Schuster after Grosset & Dunlap lost rights to publish new Hardy Boys books in 1979.
 Detroit Rock City: The Uncensored History of Rock 'n' Roll in America's Loudest City is a book by Steve Miller (author) a Michigan-based journalist. It chronicles Detroit bands from 1967 to the 2000s. The book's narrative is told through verbatim quotes. It was released on June 25 2013 by Da Capo Press.
 A Drama in Livonia (French: Un drame en Livonie) is a novel written by Jules Verne in 1893 revised in 1903 and first published in 1904.
 Nick and the Glimmung is a children's science fiction novel originally written by Philip K. Dick in 1966 it was first published by Gollancz in 1988. It is set on Plowman's Planet (Sirius Five) in the same continuity as his adult SF novel Galactic Pot-Healer.
 The Thief is a 2006 novella by British author Ruth Rendell published in the Quick Reads series. As an entry in said series it is of novella length.
 Too Much Happiness is a short story collection by Canadian writer Alice Munro published on August 25 2009 by McClelland and Stewart's Douglas Gibson Books imprint.
 Everyone in Silico is a 2002 post-cyberpunk novel written by Jim Munroe. It was promoted partly by Munroe's attempt to invoice corporations mentioned in the novel for product placement. The title is an intentional reference to an advertising campaign previously run by clothing retailer Gap one of the companies Munroe sent invoices to.The novel was published by Munroe's own publishing company No Media Kings and an e-book version is available under a Creative Commons license.
 PC Tools was a computer magazine published by Magnesium Media Ltd in the United Kingdom. It was published every six weeks and edited by Ian Barker.Each issue of PC Tools focused on a different area of personal computer usage. The coverdisc provided a selection of programs related to the issue’s theme and allowed users to follow the guides in the magazine.PC Tools ceased publishing in February 2010 after eight years in production.
 Die Feuerzangenbowle (The Fire Tongs Bowl The Punch Bowl) is a German book later adapted into several films which tells the story of a famous writer going undercover as a pupil at a small town gymnasium after his friends tell him that he missed out on the best part of growing up by being educated at home. The story in the book takes place during the Weimar Republic in Germany. The novel by Heinrich Spoerl was published in 1933 and was adapted to film three times.
 The Fantasy Fan was the first fan magazine in the weird fiction field and therefore holds an important place in the history of the American fantasy and horror fiction pulp magazine. Issued monthly it was first published in September 1933 and discontinued 18 issues later in February 1935. The magazine was edited by Charles D. Hornig (25 May 1916 - 11 October 1999).
 Bass Player is a popular magazine for bassists. Each issue offers a variety of artist interviews lessons equipment reviews and a complete transcribed bass line from a popular song. The magazine was founded in 1989 as a spinoff of Guitar Player magazine with Jim Roberts as its first Editor.Currently published by New Bay Media Bass Player holds an annual event for bassists Bass Player LIVE!.
 The Outcry is a novel by Henry James published in 1911. This light comedy was originally conceived as a play. James cast the material in a three-act drama in 1909 but like so many of his plays it failed to be produced. (There were two posthumous performances in 1917.) In 1911 James converted the play into a novel which was successful with the public. The Outcry was the last novel he was able to complete before his death in 1916.
 Swank is a pornographic magazine published in the United States. It includes hardcore sex such as the use of sex toys lesbian sex and sexual intercourse between men and women.There are also a series of DVDs and an official website produced under the Swank name.
 Gut Symmetries is a 1997 novel by the British literary writer Jeanette Winterson exploring themes of human relationships and physics.
 Cycle of Nemesis is a science fiction novel written by Kenneth Bulmer. It was first published in 1967.
 il Giornale is an Italian daily newspaper published in Milan Italy.
 Seeker is a 2005 science fiction novel by Jack McDevitt. It won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 2006.
 Alien Minds is a science fiction novel by author E. Everett Evans. It was first published in 1955 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 1417 copies. The book is a sequel to Man of Many Minds
 Sovremennye zapiski (Russian: Современные записки Contemporary Papers) was a politicized literary journal published from 1920 to 1940.
 Bakegyamon (妖逆門) is an anime and manga series. Kazuhiro Fujita created the original concept. Mitsuhisa Tamura created the story and art of the manga. The series ran in Shōnen Sunday from 2006 vol. 13 through 2007 vol. 16.VIZ Media published it in English in the United States as BakéGyamon: Backwards Game. Chuang Yi published the manga in English in Singapore as Bakegyamon. In France Sakka published the manga.
 Cloud Pictures (1872) is a book by Francis Henry Underwood. It comprises four fictional stories The Exile of von Adelstein's Soul Topankalon Herr Regenbogen's Concert and A Great-Organ Prelude which are chiefly musical in theme.
 Database System Concepts by Abraham Silberschatz and Hank Korthis a classic[citation needed] textbook on database system.It is often called the sailboat book.The First Edition of the book had on the cover number of sailboatslabeled with various database models. The boats are sailing from a desert island towarda tropical island with the wind pushing the boats away preventing them fromarriving at the tropical island.The book is currently in its Sixth Edition.The Third Edition added S.
 Este sau nu este Ion is a poetry collection by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller. It was first published in 2005.
 HighEnd is an Indonesian lifestyle magazine based in Jakarta. It was first published in 2008. With tagline First Class Lifestyle HighEnd magazine caters to the affluent society with sophisticated look and content and regular exclusive events.The magazine is published by PT. MNI Entertainment a subsidiary of Indonesia's biggest media conglomerate Media Nusantara Citra.
 The Daily Plainsman also referred to as the Plainsman is a newspaper in Huron South Dakota United States. The paper is owned by the News Media Corporation. It started operation in 1886 and is still in production today. The Price on the Newspaper is cheap compared to other newspapers in circulation; 50₵ for Weekdays and $1.25 for Weekends.
 The Diagnosis of Love is a chick lit novel by the American writer Maggie Leffler set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania and in England.It tells the story of Holly Campbell a young doctor trying to run away from her mother's recent death and her own misadventures with romance. She answers an ad that seems to be the perfect escape: a residency program in rural England.
 Outbreak Company: Moeru Shinryakusha (アウトブレイク・カンパニー ～萌える侵略者～ Autobureiku Kanpanī: Moeru Shinryakusha lit. Outbreak Company: The Moe Invader) is a Japanese light novel series written by Ichirō Sakaki with illustrations by Yūgen. Kodansha has published nine volumes since December 2011. A manga adaptation by Kiri Kajiya began serialization in Kodansha's Good! Afternoon in November 2012. An anime television series adaptation aired between October and December 2013.
 The Gisborne Herald is the daily evening newspaper for Gisborne and environs. It is one of only four independently owned daily newspapers in New Zealand.
 A Glastonbury Romance (1932) is the second of John Cowper Powys's (1873–1963) Wessex novels along with Wolf Solent (1929) Weymouth Sands (1934) and Maiden Castle (1936). Powys was an admirer of Thomas Hardy and these novels are set in Somerset and Dorset parts of Hardy's mythical Wessex. One of Powys's major novels it was praised on publication by J. D. Beresford as one of the greatest novels in the world.
 Hellbent for Cooking: The Heavy Metal Cookbook (978-09796163-7-2) is a cookbook by Annick Giroux.
 Literary and Linguistic Computing is the peer-reviewed academic journal of the Association for Literary and Linguistic Computing focusing on digital scholarship in the humanities. It covers all aspects of computing and information technology applied to literature and language research and teaching. The journal is published by Oxford University Press.
 Wolf's Bane is the nineteenth book in the Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever and now illustrated by Brian Williams.
 Boys on the Run (ボーイズ・オン・ザ・ラン) is a Japanese manga series by Kengo Hanazawa. It was adapted into a live action film in 2010 and a drama in 2012.
 Geography Club is the first book in The Russel Middlebrook Series. The novel follows a group of high school students who feel like outsiders because of their sexual orientations; the narrator Russel Middlebrook then finds himself helping to form an after school club for the students so that they can hang out together without anyone suspecting their secrets.
 Red Noses is a comedy about the black death by Peter Barnes first staged at Barbican Theatre in 1985. It depicted a sprightly priest originally played by Antony Sher who travelled around the plague-affected villages of 14th century France with a band of fools known as God's Zanies offering holy assistance. It was for this play that Barnes won his Olivier award.
 National Lampoon was a ground-breaking American humor magazine which ran from 1970 to 1998. The magazine started out as a spinoff from the Harvard Lampoon. National Lampoon magazine reached its height of popularity and critical acclaim during the 1970s when it had a far-reaching effect on American humor and comedy. The magazine spawned films radio live theatre various kinds of recordings and print products including books.
 Edwin Mullhouse: The Life and Death of an American Writer 1943-1954 by Jeffrey Cartwright is the critically acclaimed debut novel by American author Steven Millhauser published in 1972 and written in the form of a biography of a fictitious person by a fictitious author. It was Millhauser's best known novel until the publication of his Pulitzer Prize-winning Martin Dressler in 1997 and according to Patrick McGrath writing in The New York Times it is his best work.
 The Stones of Summer is a novel by American writer Dow Mossman. Both the novel and Mossman are also subjects of Mark Moskowitz's Slamdance award-winning film Stone Reader.The Stones of Summer first printed in 1972 quickly went out of print after its publisher Bobbs Merrill filed for bankruptcy. Because of this (and it is speculated a subsequent lack of marketing) this marvelous book (reviewer John Seelye in The New York Times Book Review[1]) saw minor sales.
 Un fil à la patte (known in English as Cat Among the Pigeons or Love on the Rack) is a French bedroom farce in three acts written by Georges Feydeau. The play premiered on January 9 1894 at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal and is considered one of Feydeau's masterpieces having done incredibly well in its initial production. and been staged many times in recent years.
 Beaver Hunt was a monthly pornographic magazine aimed at men and published in the United States. It was first published in 1974[citation needed] by Larry Flynt. It was an offshoot of Hustler magazines's longest running feature Beaver Hunt. The feature became so popular that Larry Flynt decided to create a magazine highlighting only reader-submitted photos.Today Beaver Hunt is no longer published as a monthly magazine.
 Dolly Dimples was a syndicated newspaper comic strip by Grace Drayton.
 Only You: Viva! Cabaret Club (Only You ビバ!キャバクラ Biba! Kyabakura) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Toshihiko Fujinami.
 The American Journal of Play is a quarterly peer-reviewed interdisciplinary academic journal that covers the history science and culture of play. The journal includes articles interviews and book reviews written for a broad readership of educators scholars designers and others. It is published by The Strong and is available in print and free online.
 Spark and Burn is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Rides a Dread Legion is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the first book in the The Demonwar Saga and was published in 2009. It is followed by At the Gates of Darkness.
 The Supreme Court Economic Review is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. The journal applies economic and legal scholarship to the work of the United States Supreme Court. Articles consider the implicit or explicit economic reasoning employed by the Court to reach its decisions and explains the economic consequences of the Court's decisions. SCER is published in conjunction with the Law and Economics Center at the George Mason University School of Law.
 Otome Yōkai Zakuro (おとめ妖怪 ざくろ Maiden Spirit Zakuro) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Lily Hoshino. It began serialization in November 2006 in the monthly seinen manga magazine Comic Birz. The first tankōbon volume was released by Gentosha in January 2008; as of January 2013 seven volumes have been released.
 An alphabiography is an autobiography often set as an English studies project for high school or college students consisting of a set of twenty-six short stories or chapters about the writer's life. Each story or chapter has a title starting with a different letter of the alphabet for example: Apple growing Baseball Cynthia etc. At the end a summation is undertaken.
 Čudovita potovanja Zajca Rona is a novel by Slovenian author Andrej Ivanuša. It was first published in 2002.
 A Sword from Red Ice is the third book in the Sword of Shadows fantasy series by J. V. Jones. The first two books in the series are A Cavern of Black Ice and A Fortress of Grey Ice. It was published in the United States and the United Kingdom on October 16 2007.
 A People's Tragedy: The Russian Revolution: 1891-1924 is an award-winning book written by British historian Orlando Figes. First published in 1996 it chronicles Russian history from the Famine of 1891-1892 the response to which Figes argues severely weakened the Russian Empire to the death of Lenin in 1924 when the basic elements of the Stalinist regime - the one-party state the system of terror and the cult of the personality - were all in place.
 Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian novel by Ray Bradbury published in 1953. It is regarded as one of his best works. The novel presents a future American society where books are outlawed and firemen burn any that are found. The title refers to the temperature that Bradbury understood to be the autoignition point of paper.The novel has been the subject of interpretations primarily focusing on the historical role of book burning in suppressing dissenting ideas.
 Insatiability (Polish: Nienasycenie) is a novel by the Polish writer dramatist philosopher painter and photographer Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz (Witkacy). Nienasycenie was written in 1927 and first published in 1930. It is his third novel considered by many to be his best. It consists of two parts: Przebudzenie (Awakening) and Obłęd (The madness).
 Places I Never Meant to Be is a book edited by Judy Blume and first published in 1999. The book is a collection of short stories written by authors who have been censored or banned in some form in the United States. Sales went to benefit the National Coalition Against Censorship.
 Dry Bones is an Israeli political cartoon strip published in the English-language newspaper The Jerusalem Post since 1973. Dry Bones is the work of Yaakov Kirschen.The name of the comic strip refers to the vision of the Valley of Bones in the Book of Ezekiel (37:1-14).Dry Bones has been reprinted and quoted by the New York Times Time Magazine LA Times CBS AP and Forbes.
 Orphans is a play by Lyle Kessler. It premiered in 1983 at The Matrix Theatre Company in Los Angeles where it received critical and commercial success and won the Drama-Logue Award. The play has been performed by the Steppenwolf Theatre and on Broadway in 2013.
 Flow Chart is a long poem by the American writer John Ashbery published in its own volume in 1991.
 The Dark Frontier (1936) is Eric Ambler's first novel about whose genesis he writes: […] Became press agent for film star but soon after joined big London advertising agency as copywriter and ideas man. During next few years wrote incessantly on variety of subjects ranging from baby food to non-ferrous alloys. Have travelled in most countries of Europe been stranded in Marseilles and nearly drowned in the Bay of Naples. Decided on a rainy day in Paris to write a thriller.
 Battle Chasers is an American fantasy comic book series by Joe Madureira launched in April 1998. It was one of the most popular American comics series in the late 1990s but suffered from extreme scheduling problems with an average of about six months between issues including a delay of 16 months for issue #7.
 Stray is a novel by A. N. Wilson. It is a precursor to his picture book The Tabitha Stories as it follows the life of Tabitha's father. The book was published in Great Britain in 1987 by Walker Books and was re-published in the United States by Orchard Books in 1989. Stray is dedicated to A.L.R who reserved his kindest comments for a cat.
 The Paper Bag Princess is a children's book written by Robert Munsch and illustrated by Michael Martchenko. It was first published on 1 May 1980 by Annick Press. The story reverses the princess and dragon stereotype.
 Deadly Cults: The Crimes of True Believers is a book on the subject of cults by Robert L. Snow. It was published November 30 2003 by Praeger Publishers in hardcover format. Snow a retired police captain and former commander of the homicide branch of the Indianapolis Police Department has authored several other books on crime including SWAT Teams and Technology and Law Enforcement.Snow primarily relied on published material for reference but also includes quotes from witnesses and experts.
 Shopaholic and Baby (2007) is the fifth novel in the popular 'Shopaholic' series. It is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella a pseudonym of Madeline Wickham. It follows the story of Becky Brandon (née Bloomwood) and her husband Luke as they navigate Becky's first pregnancy.
 ADN was a Spanish free daily newspaper published by Editorial Página Cero a company owned by Grupo Planeta and groups in regional press part of Grupo Antena 3. The paper was distributed to 16 provinces with local editions in Spain.
 The Carnivorous Plants is a major work on carnivorous plants by Barrie E. Juniper Richard J. Robins and Daniel M. Joel. It was published in 1989 by Academic Press. Much of the book was written by the three authors over an eight-year period at Oxford University's Botany School (later the Department of Plant Sciences).
 Electric Light (Faber and Faber 2001 ISBN 978-0-571-20798-5) is a poetry collection by Seamus Heaney who received the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature. The collection explores childhood nature and poetry itself.Part one presents translations and adaptations occasional and celebratory poems and verse about travel in the Gaeltacht the Balkans and Greece.
 Tragedy of Hyderabad is a history book written by the Last Prime Minister of Hyderabad Mir Laik Ali. The book was written and published in 1962 by Mir Laik Ali who was on exile in Pakistan.
 Fabian Escapes is a children's picture book by Peter McCarty. Scheduled to be released by Henry Holt & Co. in 2007 it is the sequel to the Caldecott Honor book Hondo & Fabian.
 Five Ring Circus is a 1998 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the fifteenth book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone and involves his investigation into a financial scam in the lead up to the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
 Simbolul (Romanian for The Symbol pronounced [simˈbolul]) was a Romanian literary and art magazine published in Bucharest between October and December 1912. Co-founded by writers Tristan Tzara and Ion Vinea together with visual artist Marcel Janco while they were all high school students the journal was a late representative of international Symbolism and the Romanian Symbolist movement.
 Sneak is an apocalyptic fiction novel written by Evan Angler and published in 2012. The second book in the Swipe series it is aimed at a middle grade audience.
 Tokyo Fiancée (French: Ni d'Ève ni d'Adam) is a novel by the Belgian writer Amélie Nothomb. It appeared on 20 August 2007 published by Éditions Albin Michel.
 Longleg is a 1990 novel by Australian author Glenda Adams.
 The Ghanaian Times is a government-owned daily newspaper published in Accra Ghana. The newspaper was established in 1958. It has a circulation of 80000 copies and is published six times per week.
 Sangeet Sharada is an 1899 Marathi Sangeet Natak (Musical play) written and directed by playwright Govind Ballal Deval.
 Junk Force (ジャンクフォース Janku Fōsu) is a Japanese manga written by Hideki Kakinuma and illustrated by Yusuke Tsurugi with character designs by Eeji Komatsu. It was serialized in Dengeki Comic Gao!. The manga was licensed in English by ComicsOne before the license was transferred to DrMaster.
 The Cape Cod Times is a broadsheet daily newspaper serving Cape Cod Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Massachusetts United States. It is owned by Local Media Group. It is also the sister paper of the weekly The Barnstable Patriot.
 Up a Road Slowly is a coming-of-age novel by Irene Hunt that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1967. The story takes place in the United States during the mid 20th century.
 Until the Full Moon (FULL MOONにささやいて Full Moon ni Sasayaite) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sanami Matoh.
 Tarantula is an experimental prose poetry collection by Bob Dylan written between 1965 and 1966. It employs stream of consciousness writing somewhat in the style of Jack Kerouac William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg.
 The Sign of the Snake is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in June 1931 issue of Action Stories.The story is now in the public domain.
 Vjesnik was a Croatian state-owned daily newspaper published in Zagreb which ceased publication in April 2012. Originally established in 1940 as a wartime illegal publication of the Communist Party of Croatia it later built and maintained a reputation as Croatia's newspaper of record during most of its post-war history. During World War II while Croatia was occupied by Nazi Germany the paper served as the primary media publication of the Yugoslav Partisans movement.
 Never Go Back is the eighteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child.It was published on 3 September 2013 in the United States.The book continues the storyline covered in the novels 61 Hours Worth Dying For and A Wanted Man. The novel like a majority of the Jack Reacher novels is narrated in third person point-of-view. Certain features suggested that it may be intended as the final installment in the series but a sequel was eventually written.
 Blackwater (Swedish: Händelser vid vatten) is a 1993 novel by the Swedish writer Kerstin Ekman. It received the August Prize in 1993 and the Nordic Council Literature Prize in 1994.
 Song of the Mysteries is the eleventh and final volume of Janny Wurts' series Wars of Light and Shadow series and also comprises the single volume story Arc V.Janny Wurts is currently writing Destiny's Conflict which is the second of two novels in story Arc IV. The second novel will follow Initiate's Trial and Song of the Mysteries will conclude the marathon series.The first novel Curse of the Mistwraith was first published in 1993.
 I Am Joaquin (also known as Yo Soy Joaquin) by Rodolfo Corky Gonzales is a famous epic poem associated with the Chicano movement of the 1960s in the United States. In I am Joaquin Joaquin (the narrative voice of the poem) speaks of the struggles that the Chicano people have faced in trying to achieve economic justice and equal rights in the U.S as well as to find an identity of being part of a hybrid mestizo society.
 PC PowerPlay (PCPP) is Australia's only dedicated PC games magazine. Also available in New Zealand PC PowerPlay focuses on news and reviews for upcoming and newly released games on the Microsoft Windows platform. The magazine also reviews computer hardware for use on gaming computers.
 The Galion Inquirer is an American daily newspaper published in Galion Ohio. It is owned by Ohio Community Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.In addition to Galion the newspaper circulates in Crestline and Iberia.
 Blades of the Tiger is a fantasy novel set in the Dragonlance setting based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. This is the first of a trilogy about Taladas; the second book in the trilogy is Trail of the Black Wyrm. Blades of the Tiger was published in 2005.
 Act One is an autobiographical book by playwright Moss Hart.
 Parenting Inc.: How We Are Sold on $800 Strollers Fetal Education Baby Sign Language Sleeping Coaches Toddler Couture and Diaper Wipe Warmers -- And What It Means for Our Children is a 2008 book by American writer Pamela Paul discussing the industry that provides goods and services to the parents of young Americans.The book has received reviews from The New York Times Book Review New York Observer New York Post and Reuters.
 Playgirl is an American magazine that features general interest articles lifestyle and celebrity news in addition to semi-nude or fully nude men. In the 1970's and 1980's the magazine printed monthly and was marketed mainly to women. The magazine was founded in 1973 by Douglas Lambert during the height of the feminist movement as a response to erotic men's magazines such as Playboy and Penthouse that featured similar photos of women.
 The Edmond Sun is a daily newspaper serving the Edmond and Deer Creek communities. The Edmond Sun is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. The newspaper has a circulation of 6000.
 The NT News is a morning tabloid newspaper based in Darwin Australia. It is a subsidiary of News Corp Australia owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. It primarily serves Darwin and the rest of the Northern Territory. It covers local national and world news as well as sports and business.The paper currently has a Monday to Friday readership average of 47000 reaching an average of 55000 on Saturdays.
 Politiken (Danish for the politic Danish pronunciation: [poliˈtiɡən]) is a Danish daily broadsheet newspaper published by JP/Politikens Hus.The paper is one of Denmark's leading newspapers in terms of both circulated copies and number of readers. The number of copies are 97820 Monday through Saturday and 120411 on Sundays (first half of 2012).
 The Man in the Maze is a novel written by American writer Robert Silverberg published in 1969. It tells the tale of a man rendered incapable of interacting normally with other human beings by his uncontrollable psychic abilities.
 Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering social neuroscience published by Oxford University Press. Its focus is on empirical research reports. According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2012 impact factor is 6.132 ranking it second out of 84 journals in the category Psychology Experimental 7th out of 75 journals in the category Psychology and 24th out of 243 journals in the category Neurosciences.
 The Crew was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics in 2003. The series was cancelled with its seventh issue. The series was written by Christopher Priest and illustrated by Joe Bennett.
 Judgment Day is a classic apocalyptic science fiction story by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction for August 1955 and first appeared in book form in the anthology The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1956 (Frederick Fell 1956). It later appeared in the de Camp collections A Gun for Dinosaur and Other Imaginative Tales (Doubleday 1963) and The Best of L.
 B is for Beer is a novel by Tom Robbins published in 2009 by Harper Collins. It is presented as a children's book about Gracie Perke a young girl exploring the world of beer. She learns why every adult enjoys it and why she's not allowed to drink it.
 White-Jacket; or The World in a Man-of-War (1850) is the fifth novel by American writer Herman Melville first published in England on January 23 by Richard Bentley and in the U.S. on March 21 by Harper & Brothers. It is based on his fourteen months service in the United States navy aboard the frigate United States.
 Death Star is a 2007 science fiction novel by Michael Reaves and Steve Perry that is set in the Star Wars galaxy. It deals with the construction of the Death Star a massive weaponized space station which first appeared in Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.The book was originally published in New York by LucasBooks/Del Rey/Ballantine Books in 2007 with the title Star Wars: Death Star. It is held in 860 WorldCat libraries. It was reprinted in London by Century in 2008 as Death Star.
 Moral Minds: How Nature Designed Our Universal Sense of Right and Wrong is a 2006 book by former Harvard psychologist Marc Hauser in which he develops an empirically grounded theory to explain morality as a universal grammar. He draws evidence from evolutionary biology moral and political philosophy primatology linguistics and anthropology.Hauser uses artificial moral dilemmas as a research strategy.
 Men at Work: The Craft of Baseball is a New York Times best-selling 1990 book about baseball. It was written by American Pulitzer Prize-winning author George Will and published by Macmillan Publishers. The book focuses on four successful Major League Baseball figures three of them players representing different aspects of baseball: a manager a pitcher a hitter and a fielder.
 A Word from Our Sponsor is a 1995 musical by Alan Ayckbourn and John Pattison. It was the final Ayckbourn play to be premièred at the Stephen Joseph Theatre's old Westwood site.
 African Zoology is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers any aspect of zoology relevant to Africa and its surrounding oceans seas and islands. It is published by the Zoological Society of Southern Africa. It publishes topical reviews full-length papers short communications and book reviews.
 The Atom Clock is a science fiction play by Cornel Lengyel. It was published in 1951 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1000 copies of which 250 were hardcover. The play received the Maxwell Anderson Award in 1950.
 The Public News is a newsweekly originally launched in 2006 as a North Metro Houston newspaper that focuses on the news arts entertainment film music and events that affect and interest the 1.5 million plus residents of Spring The Woodlands Klein Atascocita Tomball Conroe and Humble Texas and the surrounding areas.After a seven-year hiatus the Public News has re-branded itself for a 2014 relaunch in the Montgomery County Texas North Harris County Texas and Huntsville Texas markets.The Public News is not to be confused with another paper by the same name that folded in 1998.
 Numéro is an international fashion magazine published by the Groupe Alain Ayache. It has a circulation of 80000 and the French edition reached its 100th issue in February 2009. The magazine covers international fashion beauty design health architecture and decor as well as spreads on trendsetting celebrities.
 Pet Show is a 1972 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.Archie wants to enter his cat in the neighborhood pet show—but where is the cat? Archie keeps on looking even after all the other kids have given up but his pet is nowhere to be found. Ingenious Archie has a plan to enter the contest—with a most surprising creature!
 The Bird: The Life and Legacy of Mark Fidrych is a 2013 book that documents the life of Mark Fidrych a former professional baseball player who was known for his exceptional ability as a pitcher his joyous attitude and his on-field idiosyncrasies. The author Doug Wilson is an ophthalmologist and a member of the Society for American Baseball Research. As of 2014 Wilson was working on a biography of Brooks Robinson.
 Planes of Chaos was a boxed set for the Planescape campaign setting of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Bass Ackwards and Belly Up is a young-adult novel by Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain published by Little Brown in May 2006. The novel is the first by Craft and Fain better known as writers and co-producers for the television show The Shield. They shared the writing duties with Craft writing the characters of Harper and Sophie and Fain writing the characters of Kate and Becca.
 Crisis is the seventh book of the Uruguayan American writer and literature professor Jorge Majfud. This fourth installment is based on the experiences of the author both as a migrant and a Latino out.
 7th Heaven is the seventh book in the Women's Murder Club series featuring Lindsay Boxer by James Patterson and Maxine Paetro. It was released first in the UK on the 14 January 2008 and then by Little Brown in the US on 5 February 2008.
 The Guns of Avalon is the second book in the Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny. The book continues straight from the previous volume Nine Princes in Amber although it soon includes a recap.
 The Second lady is a political thriller by Irving Wallace.
 The Life You Can Save: Acting Now to End World Poverty is a 2009 book by Australian philosopher Peter Singer. The author argues that citizens of affluent nations are behaving immorally if they do not act to end the poverty they know to exist in developing nations.The book is focussed on giving to charity and discusses philosophical considerations describes practical and psychological obstacles to giving and lists available resources for prospective donors (e.g. charity evaluators).
 La Gaceta de México was a Spanish language newspaper published in Mexico . It was first published in 1722 making it first newspaper to be published in America. It was started by a Juan Ignacio Maria de Castorena a clergyman and Goyeneche Castorena was the Editor.
 Glengarry Glen Ross is a play by David Mamet that won the Pulitzer Prize in 1984. The play shows parts of two days in the lives of four desperate Chicago real estate agents who are prepared to engage in any number of unethical illegal acts—from lies and flattery to bribery threats intimidation and burglary—to sell undesirable real estate to unwitting prospective buyers. It is based on Mamet's earlier workings in a similar office.
 A Meeting at Corvallis is a 2006 science fiction novel by S. M. Stirling. It is third novel in the Emberverse series that began with Dies the Fire. The story describes the events of roughly a year some nine to ten years after the Change which altered the laws of physics. It describes the war between the Portland Protective Association and the other communities of the Willamette Valley.
 When the Sacred Ginmill Closes is a Matthew Scudder novel written by Lawrence Block. Based on the short story By the Dawn's Early Light and published four years after Eight Million Ways to Die this novel resurrected Block's interest in the character and led to his writing 10 more titles in the series. The book's title derives from the Dave Van Ronk song Last Call.
 Kaboom: A Soldier's War Journal was a popular military blog from November 2007 to June 2008 before it was shut down by the writer's military chain-of-command. The author of the online journal who went by the pseudonym of LT G wrote about the front-line experiences in the Iraq War as a United States Army soldier. A scout platoon leader LT G often incorporated the trials and tribulations of his platoon in his writings offering a brash and brutally honest perspective of modern warfare.
 The Westminster Gazette was an influential Liberal newspaper based in London. It was known for publishing sketches and short stories including early works by Raymond Chandler Anthony Hope D. H. Lawrence Katherine Mansfield and Saki and travel writing by Rupert Brooke. One of its editors was caricaturist and political cartoonist Francis Carruthers Gould.The paper was started by E. T. Cook on January 31 1893.
 The Room on the Roof is a novel written by Ruskin Bond. It was Bond's first literary venture. The novel revolves around Rusty an orphaned sixteen-year old Anglo-Indian boy living in Dehradun. Due to his guardian Mr. Harrison's strict ways he runs away from his home to live with his Indian friends. Bond wrote the novel when he was seventeen and won the John Llewellyn Rhys Memorial Prize in 1957.
 Ronia the Robber's Daughter (Swedish: Ronja Rövardotter) is a children's fantasy book by the noted Swedish author Astrid Lindgren first published in 1981. In the film based on the story Ronia was played by Hanna Zetterberg Struwe.
 Wir töten Stella (We Murder Stella) is a novella by Austrian writer Marlen Haushofer first published in 1958 about the death of the eponymous heroine a 19-year-old woman who has just begun to experience her awakening sexuality.
 Nuclear Terrorism: The Ultimate Preventable Catastrophe is a 2004 book by Harvard scholar Graham Allison. Allison explains that terrorists have been striving to acquire and then use nuclear weapons against the United States. During the 2004 U.S. Presidential election President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry featured the issue of terrorism in their foreign policy platforms and both said it is the nation's foremost security challenge.
 K-On! (けいおん! Keion!) is a Japanese four-panel comic strip seinen manga written and illustrated by Kakifly. The manga was serialized in Houbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara between the May 2007 and October 2010 issues. It was also serialized in Houbunsha's magazine Manga Time Kirara Carat. The manga relaunched from April 2011 to June 2012 with two separate storylines published in Manga Time Kirara and Manga Time Kirara Carat.
 Empire's End is the eighth and final book in Chris Bunch and Allan Cole's The Sten Adventures.
 Star Wars Episode I Journal: Darth Maul is a 2000 young adult novel by science fiction author Jude Watson. The novel recounts the events of the film Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace (1999) from the point of view of one of its supporting villains Darth Maul.The book is published by Scholastic and part of the Star Wars Journal Series.
 The British Journal of Medical Hypnotism was a peer-reviewed medical journal and an official journal of the British Society of Medical Hypnotists. It was established in 1949 and ceased publication in 1966. It was indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE.
 The Scientific American special Issue on Communications Computers and Network is a special issue of Scientific American dedicated to articles concerning impending changes to the internet in the period prior to the expansion and mainstreaming of the world wide web via Mosaic and Netscape. This issue contained essays by a number of important computer science and internet pioneers.
 The Story of a Mother (German: Historien om en moder) is a story by the Danish poet travel writer short story writer and novelist Hans Christian Andersen (1805-1875). The tale was first published December 1847. The story has been made into films several times and also adapted into an animated film using the stop-motion puppet technique.
 A Marvelous Work and a Wonder is a 1950 book by LeGrand Richards on the history and doctrine of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The book was intended as a missionary tool and is traditionally cited as the best-selling Mormon book of all time (not including the standard works).
 Foundations and Trends in Computer Graphics and Vision is a journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of computer graphics and vision. The editor-in-chiefs are Brian Curless (University of Washington) Luc Van Gool (KU Leuven) and Richard Szeliski (Microsoft Research).
 Helsingin Sanomat abbreviated HS and colloquially known as Hesari is the largest subscription newspaper in Finland and the Nordic countries owned by Sanoma. Except after certain holidays it is published daily. In 2008 its daily circulation was 412421 on weekdays (a change of −1.8% from 2007) and 468505 on Sundays (−1.3%).
 Dreamland: A Self-Help Manual for a Frightened Nation is a book written by the Icelandic author Andri Snær Magnason.It became the number one best-selling book in Iceland in 2006 and received the Winner of the Icelandic Literary Award and Winner of the Icelandic Bookseller Prize the same year Andri Snær Magnason. The English edition of the book has a foreword by the Icelandic artist Björk.
 Courtship Rite is a science fiction novel by American writer Donald Kingsbury originally serialized in Analog magazine in 1982. The book is set in the same universe as some of Kingsbury's other stories such as Shipwright (1978) and the unpublished The Finger Pointing Solward.In the UK the novel was entitled Geta and in France Parade nuptiale.Courtship Rite was the first winner of the Compton Crook Award for best first novel and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1983.
 Professional Wealth Management (PWM) is a magazine about European wealth management. It is published by the Financial Times group.PWM focuses on open and guided architecture and distribution of third party products by institutions across Europe. It also covers the issues around sub-advisory business.
 Harvard Works Because We Do is a book of photographs by Gregory Halpern with an introduction by Studs Terkel. The book was published in 2003 by Quantuck Lane / W. W. Norton. The photographs compiled by Hapern while an undergraduate at Harvard University document the lives of Harvard workers. The photographs and the book was part of a living wage campaign at Harvard.
 Mountains Beyond Mountains: The Quest of Dr. Paul Farmer A Man Who Would Cure the World (2003) is a non-fiction biographical work by American writer Tracy Kidder. The book traces the life of physician and anthropologist Paul Farmer with particular focus on his work fighting tuberculosis in Haiti Peru and Russia.
 Internet Dates From Hell was written by elementary school teacher and photographic artist Trisha Ventker. She holds a master’s degree in education and has made numerous appearances on television and in print for her work on Internet Dates From Hell. The book was self-published by Ventker through iUniverse.
 The Bell Buoy is a poem by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published with illustrations in Saturday Review Christmas Supplement 1896 and then published in McClure's Magazine in February 1897 as The Bell-Buoy with illustrations by Oliver Herford.Some changes to the wording occurred sometime between the edition in McClure's and when it was collected in Rudyard Kipling's verse: inclusive edition 1885-1918 (1919) as The Bell Buoy.
 Rock-A-Rolla is a music magazine covering experimental avant-garde noise and metal artists pushing the boundaries of music. Launched in late 2005 it is published bi-monthly in the UK by V-Squared Publishing Limited and distributed worldwide mainly in UK Canada USA Europe and Australia. In the past the magazine has championed such diverse artists as Khanate Zu The Locust Justin Broadrick Mike Patton Melvins and others.The current editor-in-chief is Vuk Valcic.
 Spider-Man: Chapter One is a comic book limited series starring Spider-Man published by Marvel Comics for 13 issues (#1-12 with a #0 added between #6 and #7) from December 1998 to October 1999. The entire series was written and drawn by John Byrne.
 The Indian Journal of Gastroenterology is a peer-reviewed bimonthly medical journal covering gastroenterology. It is published by the Indian Society of Gastroenterology and is indexed and abstracted in Index Medicus MEDLINE and Excerpta Medica.The journal was established in 1982. Past editors-in-chief include F.P. Antia S.R. Naik and Philip Abraham. The journal publishes Editorials Original Articles Review Articles Short Reports Clinical Case Reports Case Snippets Debates and Letters.
 If I Did It is a book by O. J. Simpson in which he puts forth a hypothetical description of the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman. Simpson was acquitted of the murders in a criminal trial (People v. Simpson) but later found financially liable in a civil trial.
 The Harmonia Macrocosmica is a star atlas written by Andreas Cellarius and published in 1660 by Johannes Janssonius. The first part of the atlas contains copper plate prints depicting the world systems of Claudius Ptolemy Nicolaus Copernicus and Tycho Brahe. At the end are star maps of the classical and Christian constellations the latter ones as introduced by Julius Schiller in his Coelum stellatum christianum of 1627.
 The Giant Devil Dingo (1973) is a picture book for children by Dick Roughsey. It describes how the dreamtime devil-dingo Gaiya of lower Cape York Peninsula mythology was domesticated to become man's friend and helper.
 Black Orchids is a Nero Wolfe double mystery by Rex Stout published in 1942 by Farrar & Rinehart Inc. Stout's first short story collection the volume is composed of two novellas that had appeared in abridged form in The American Magazine: Black Orchids (August 1941 abridged as Death Wears an Orchid) Cordially Invited to Meet Death (April 1942 abridged as Invitation to Murder)
 The Terrorist is a young adult novel by Caroline B. Cooney published in 1997. It deals with Laura Williams a sixteen-year-old American who attends an international school in London. When her younger brother Billy is killed by a terrorist bomb handed to him by a stranger on the subway Laura becomes obsessed with revenge. She suspects everyone including her classmates and wonders about their associations with such causes as the PLO or the IRA.
 Mystery Scene Magazine based in the US and first published in 1985 covers the crime and mystery genre with a mix of articles profiles criticism and extensive reviews of books films TV short stories audiobooks and reference works.
 Eurosurveillance is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering epidemiology with a focus on such topics that are of particular relevance to Europe. The journal was established in 1995 and jointly funded by the European Commission Institut de veille sanitaire (Paris) and the Health Protection Agency (London). Since 2007 it has been published weekly by the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control.
 Sheikh's Castaway is the eighth book in Alexandra Sellers's Sons of the Desert series and was released in 2004. After learning she’d been lied to and betrayed by her fiancé Bari Princess Noor from Bagestan escapes from her own wedding still dressed in her elaborate gown. In a reckless attempt to disappear and flee her imminent marriage Noor hijacks her fiancés airplane flying it straight into a tropical storm.
 Dead Girls is the début novel by British science fiction author Richard Calder and was first published in the UK in 1992 (HarperCollins) and 1995 in the US (St Martin's Press). The novel is the first in Calders 'Dead' trilogy and is followed by the novels Dead Boys and Dead Things.Calder is currently working with the Filipino artist Leonardo M. Giron to turn Dead Girls into a graphic novel.
 CPU Wars was an underground comic strip that circulated around Digital Equipment Corporation and other computer manufacturers starting in 1977. It described a hypothetical invasion of Digital's slightly disguised Maynard Massachusetts ex-woolen mill headquarters (now located in Barnyard Mass) by troops from IPM the Impossible to Program Machine Corporation in a rather-blunt-edged parody of IBM.
 Rhyme Stew is a collection of poems for children by Roald Dahl illustrated by Quentin Blake.
 Long Shadows is a children's fantasy novel the fifth book in Erin Hunter's Warriors: Power of Three and was widely released November 25 2008. The book follows the adventures of Hollyleaf Lionblaze and Jaypaw (later Jayfeather).The book has sold over 250000 copies.
 Tzigane is a novel by the British writer Lady Eleanor Smith which was first published in 1935. Along with several of her other works it contains a gypsy theme.
 Analog Science Fiction and Fact is an American science fiction magazine. As of 2013 it is the longest running continuously published magazine of that genre. Initially published in 1930 in the United States as Astounding Stories as a pulp magazine it has undergone several name changes primarily to Astounding Science-Fiction in 1938 and Analog Science Fact & Fiction in 1960. In November 1992 its logo changed to use the term Fiction and Fact rather than Fact & Fiction.
 Peculiar Chris is the first Singapore novel to deal with gay themes. Authored by Johann S. Lee it was published in Singapore by Cannon International in 1992.Lee penned the book while doing his National Service in Singapore at the age of 19. It was published a year later. The book recounts the life and loves of Chris and his partner Samuel.
 West Africa Newsletter is the English-language version of La Lettre du Continent a newsletter-style publication focused on business and economic affairs in French-speaking West and Central Africa.
 Power Slam is an independent monthly non-kayfabe wrestling magazine published in the United Kingdom by SW Publishing with co-publishers Findlay Martin and former WCW Magazine owner Colin Bowman. It began life as Superstars of Wrestling in 1991 before altering to its current name after 30 issues in July 1994.
 The Sunday Post is a weekly newspaper published in Dundee Scotland by DC Thomson and characterised by a 'folksy' mix of news sentimental stories and short features.
 Dragons at the Party is a 1987 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the fourth book featuring Sydney homicide detective Scobie Malone and marked the character's first appearance in print in fourteen years.
 Souichi's Diary of Delights (双一の楽しい日記 Souichi no Tanoshi i Nikki) is the fifth entry to The Junji Ito Horror Collection a 16 volume anthology of horror stories by Junji Ito.
 The Journal of Modern History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering European intellectual political and cultural history published by the University of Chicago Press in cooperation with the Modern European History Section of the American Historical Association. The journal covers events from approximately 1500 to the present with a geographical scope extending from the United Kingdom through the European continent including Russia and the Balkans.
 Corriere del Mezzogiorno is an Italian local newspaper owned by RCS MediaGroup and based in Naples Italy with editorial offices in all over Southern Italy. It was launched in 1997 in Campania to handle the growing competition with la Repubblica. The Apulian edition was launched in 2002.
 Ordeal is an autobiography by the former pornographic actress Linda Lovelace (real name Linda Boreman). In the autobiography Lovelace recounts that she was raped during her career in the porn industry. As such Ordeal became influential within the feminist anti-pornography movement.
 Advances in Adaptive Data Analysis (AADA) is an interdisciplinary scientific journal published by World Scientific. It reports developments in data analysis methodology and their practical applications with special emphasis on adaptive approaches.The journal seeks to transform data analysis into a competent tool for scientific research and engineering applications and to distinguish it from mere data processing.
 Scion was an American comic book published by CrossGen Entertainment from July 2000 to April 2004. It was cancelled due to the bankruptcy of Crossgen Comics Inc in 2004.
 Arteriosclerosis Thrombosis and Vascular Biology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American Heart Association. It covers basic and clinical research related to vascular biology pathophysiology and complications of atherosclerosis and thrombotic mechanisms in blood vessels.The journal was established in 1981 as Arteriosclerosis (ISSN 0276-5047) which was published bimonthly.
 Those Were the Days was a comic strip drawn by Art Beeman. The strip compared life in earlier times apparently the late 19th century or very early 20th century with modern life at the time of the strip's popularity the 1950s and 1960s. The title of the strip was printed in an antique typeface. Between the olden days panel and the modern panel were the words But Now - Wow! emphasizing the contrast between mores of different generations.
 Új Magyar Szó (New Hungarian Word) is a Hungarian-language Romanian broadsheet newspaper based in Bucharest. It has one of the largest audiences of all Hungarian-language papers in Romania. The newspaper's readership is approximately 40000.
 Natural Product Research is a peer-review scientific journal focusing on natural products chemistry.
 The Review of Educational Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed review journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association. It was established in 1931 and covers all aspects of education and educational research.
 The Hundred Days (1998) is a historical novel written by British author Patrick O'Brian. It is the nineteenth novel in the Aubrey-Maturin series set during the Napoleonic Wars.
 Cahiers de Linguistique - Asie Orientale is a peer-reviewed academic journal of East Asian linguistics that was established in 1978 and is published by Brill.
 The Lives of Dutch painters and paintresses or De levens-beschryvingen der Nederlandsche konst-schilders en konst-schilderessen as it was originally known in Dutch is a series of artist biographies with engraved portraits written by the 18th-century painter Jacob Campo Weyerman. It was published in four volumes as a sequel to Arnold Houbraken's own list of biographies known as the Schouburgh. The first volume appeared in 1729 and the last volume was published in 1769.
 Trading Faces is a juvenile novel by Julia DeVillers and Jennifer Roy. The book published by Simon and Schuster was released December 30 2008.[citation needed] The book is told in first person but switches throughout the book on who is telling it. The twins switch telling it every chapter.
 Pilipino Star Ngayon - A daily Tabloid written in Tagalog distributed in the Philippines. A tabloid style newspaper published in the national language.
 This article is about the short story by James Joyce; for information about the band see Two Gallants (band).Two Gallants is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 The Road to Total Freedom: A Sociological Analysis of Scientology is a non-fiction book about Scientology by sociologist Roy Wallis. Originally published in 1976 by Heinemann it was republished in 1977 by Columbia University Press. The original manuscript was the product of Wallis's doctoral research at Oxford under the tutelage of Bryan Wilson.
 The Ghostbusters franchise spawned various comic books published by various comic book companies through the years starting in 1988 and continuing to the present day. These comics have ranged from being based on the The Real Ghostbusters animated series to more straight up themed comics based on the characters from the 1984 film.
 Ivor Lott and Tony Broke was a British strip which originally appeared in the comic book Cor!! in the early 1970s before being in Buster when the two comics merged in June 1974. The strips revolved around two boys who lived close to each other. Tony Broke (a pun on the English slang term 'stony broke' meaning to have no money at all) was the penniless hero of the stories while Ivor Lott (which sounds like I've a lot) - a spoiled rich snob - was the villain.
 Death at La Fenice is the first novel by crime-writer Donna Leon. It is the first of the internationally best-selling Guido Brunetti series set in Venice. Not only is it set in Venice in many ways Venice is the lead character as it is in Leon's subsequent books.
 The Journal of Nutrition is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Nutrition. It was established in 1928 and the editor-in-chief is A. Catharine Ross (Pennsylvania State University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 3.916 ranking it 10th out of 74 journals in the category Nutrition & Dietetics.
 Verses upon the Burning of our House (full title: Here follow some verses upon the burning of our house July 10th 1666) is a poem by Anne Bradstreet. She wrote it to express the traumatic loss of her home and most of her material. However she expands the understanding that God had taken them away in order for her family to live a more pious life. She feels guilty that she is hurt from losing earthly possessions. It is against her belief that she should feel this way; showing she is a sinner.
 No Time for Goodbye is a thriller novel written by Canadian author Linwood Barclay. The book was featured on the Richard & Judy Summer reading list of 2008 and The London Sunday Times reported in its year-end bestseller list that the novel led the paperback and hardcover fiction list with sales of 636105 copies.(registration required)
 Everyone Poops is the title of US editions of the English translation (by Amanda Mayer Stinchecum) of Minna Unchi (みんなうんち) a Japanese children's book written and illustrated by the prolific children's author Tarō Gomi and first published in Japan by Fukuinkan Shoten in 1977 within the series Kagaku no Tomo Kessaku-shū (かがくのとも傑作集 i.e.
 De Civitate Dei (full title: De Civitate Dei contra Paganos translated in English as The City of God Against the Pagans) or The City of God is a book of Christian philosophy written in Latin by Augustine of Hippo in the early 5th century AD. It is one of Augustine's major works standing alongside The Confessions The Enchiridion On Christian Doctrine and On the Trinity.
 Styles of Radical Will is a collection of essays by Susan Sontag published in 1969.
 Iron and Silk is a 1986 autobiographical novel written by Mark Salzman. It describes his experiences in China as an English teacher and as a student of Kung Fu. The book was later made into a film of the same name.
 The Daily Champion is an English language newspaper in Nigeria.The Champion is privately owned and is published in Lagos.As of March 2011 the Executive Chairman and publisher of Champion Newspapers was Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu.Iwuanyanwu is one of the wealthiest of Igbo people.According to Iyara Esu Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calabar the Daily Champion is the major paper we have east of the Niger a paper that is indigenous to our people that is the voice of people this part of the country.The Daily Champion covers a wide variety of news sports business and community events. 
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules was based on the FunBrain.com version. The hardcover was released on February 1 2008. Diary of a Wimpy Kid was named New York Times bestseller among awards and praise. A film of the same name was released on March 25 2011.The sequel to the film is Dog Days.
 Critical Reviews in Clinical Laboratory Sciences is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes comprehensive review articles in clinical laboratory sciences including clinical biochemistry clinical hematology clinical microbiology pathology transfusion medicine genetics and immunology. The journal is published by Informa and since 2008 the editor in chief is John R. Burnett (University of Western Australia).
 Surface is an American design architecture and fashion magazine. Created in 1993 by Richard Klein Surface was based in San Francisco until 2005 when the main offices moved to New York City. The magazine is published 10 times a year.In 1994 Vanity Fair named Surface as one of ten upstart magazines to watch. Of these ten only Surface and Visionaire still remained in production 10 years later.
 The Docklands & East London Advertiser is a weekly local newspaper in east London England covering primarily the borough of Tower Hamlets. It was formed in late 2011 by Archant's merging of The Dockland and the East London Advertiser. The East London Advertiser was founded in 1866 and had been owned by Archant since 2003.In June 2008 the East London Advertiser scooped two awards at the annual UK Press Gazette Regional Press Awards.
 Under the Beetle's Cellar is an award-winning 1995 suspense novel by American author Mary Willis Walker the second in her Molly Cates series.
 Conflict of Interest is a legal/suspense thriller written by David Crump in 1997. A paperback edition was published by Strawberry Hill Press in that year.
 Pupipō! (プピポー!) is a manga series by Rensuke Oshikiri. It was serialized in Flex Comix's free web comic FlexComix Blood from April 11 2007 to August 5 2009. It was collected in three tankōbon volumes from March 6 2008 to November 10 2009. A 15-episode anime television series adaptation by AIC Plus+ aired between December 20 2013 and March 28 2014 on TV Tokyo.
 International Journal of High Performance Computing Applications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of computer science. The journal is co-edited by Jack J. Dongarra (University of Tennessee) and Bronis R. De Supinski (Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory). It was established in 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 An Autobiography also known as Toward Freedom (1936) is an autobiographical book written by the first Prime Minister of India Jawaharlal Nehru while he was in prison. It ran nine editions in the first year alone.
 White Guilt: How Blacks and Whites Together Destroyed the Promise of the Civil Rights Era is a book by American author Shelby Steele in 2006.In the book Steele argues that white guilt is much more than just a race problem.Steele describes his experience growing up as a young black man in an era of racism and white dominance. From a young age he dreamed of becoming a batboy for an all-white baseball team.
 Broken Angels (Japanese: 壊れはじめた天使たち Hepburn: Kowarehajimeta Tenshi Tachi) is a 5 volume manga created by Setsuri Tsuzuki which began in Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Asuka. The manga is licensed in English by Tokyopop.
 Sanketa Nidhi is a Sanskrit text in verse on the phalita portion of Hindu astrology. It was written by Ramadayalu the youngest of the four sons of Jaspatimisra Sarman (Sharma) of Amritsar. Ramadayalu completed this book in the year 1860 A.D. It consists of nine Sanketas or chapters. He had dedicated this book to his nephew Ghasirama Sharma a son of his brother Vajircandra (Wazirchand). Sanketa Nidhi as written by Ramadayalu was edited in 1887 A.D. by Pt.
 The Brazilian edition of Playboy is a local franchise of Playboy magazine published by Editora Abril in Brazil. The original edition of the magazine was created by Hugh Hefner in the 1950s in the United States. Editora Abril licenses the Playboy trademark and manages all associated brands of Playboy Enterprises in Brazil.
 All Broken Up and Dancing is a novel written by the Singaporean author and musician Kelvin Tan. It deals with the main protagonist Brinsley's search for identity and self-worth. Tan published the novel when he was 26 years old. The first edition was published by Thesaurus Media Publications in 1992 and the second edition with an added book jacket was marketed by Simpleman Books in 1998. Since its publication the novel has gained a cult following in Singapore.
 Behind That Curtain (1928) is the third novel in the Charlie Chan series of mystery novels by Earl Derr Biggers.
 Too Big to Know: Rethinking Knowledge Now That the Facts Aren't the Facts Experts Are Everywhere and the Smartest Person in the Room Is the Room is a non-fiction book by American technology writer David Weinberger published in 2012 by Basic Books. It describes the World Wide Web-enabled shift in the production transmission reception and storage of knowledge in the early 21st century. Weinberger discusses topics such as expertise echo chambers open government the WELL Debian the U.S.
 Lasher (1993) by Anne Rice is the second novel in her series Lives of the Mayfair Witches.
 The Little World of the Past (Italian:Piccolo mondo antico) is an 1895 novel by the Italian writer Antonio Fogazzaro. It was the author's most successful work considered to be his masterpiece. Fogazzaro finished the first draft in 1884 and spent the next decade revising it. The novel has an alpine backdrop and is set in the 1850s during the Risorgimento. Fogazzaro modelled the two protagonists after his parents.
 The Dogs of Riga (Swedish: Hundarna i Riga) is a Swedish detective mystery by Henning Mankell set in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is the second book of the Kurt Wallander series and was translated into English by Laurie Thompson.
 The Abyss of Wonders is a science fiction novel by author Perley Poore Sheehan. It was first published in book form in 1953 by Polaris Press in an edition of 990 copies. It was the second and final book published by Polaris Press and included an introduction by P. Schuyler Miller. The novel originally appeared in the magazine Argosy in 1915.
 Veintitrés is a news magazine published in Argentina.
 The Persistence of Memory is a short story by Gael Baudino concerning Barbara a pregnant housewife who begins seeing things she had not noticed before when she starts doing special memory exercises developed by her husband Frank and the effects it has on her personal and family life.In 1989 this story was adapted into a graphic novel for the book The Bank Street Book of Fantasy.The title is taken from the painting by Salvador Dalí.
 Wild at Heart is a book by John Eldredge published in 2001 on the subject of the role of masculinity in contemporary evangelical Christian culture and doctrine. Its subtitle is: Discovering the Secret of a Man's Soul.
 The Vale of Lost Women is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard but not published during his lifetime. The story was first published in The Magazine of Horror for Spring 1967 and republished in the collection Conan of Cimmeria (Lancer Books 1967).
 Patient Preference and Adherence is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal focusing on patient preference and adherence throughout the therapeutic continuum. The journal was established in 2007 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Natural Bridge is an American literary magazine based at University of Missouri in St. Louis Missouri. It was established in 1999 and publishes fiction essays and poetry. The editor-in-chief is Mary Troy.
 See also General (disambiguation)'General'(Malayalam: ജനറൽ ) is a Malayalam language newspaper printed daily and published from the City of Thrissur Kerala in India.
 Anil Aggrawal's Internet Journal of Forensic Medicine and Toxicology is an online scientific journal covering forensic medicine and toxicology and allied subjects such as criminology police science and deviant behavior. It is one of the most widely read and popular peer-reviewed forensic medicine journals in the world. The journal is published semiannually and is indexed by EMBASE Chemical Abstracts Service Locatorplus EBSCO Indianjournals.com and Scopus.
 Tinkle is an Indian monthly magazine published mainly in India. Originally owned by the India Book House the Tinkle brand was acquired by ACK Media in 2007. The magazine contains comics stories puzzles quizzes contests and other features targeted at school children although its readership includes many adults as well.
 Kashmir Observer is one of the first English-language daily newspapers published in Srinagar in Kashmir a state of India.The daily began its publication in March 1997 when the local population caught up in a bloody conflict and hungry for news was dependent on newspapers coming from New Delhi.The Observer is among the very few newspapers believed to have retained credibility despite heavy odds facing media in conflict-ridden Kashmir.Kashmir Observer Online is the global face of the daily Kashmir Observer on the internet. 
 The Bulletin des Sociétés Chimiques Belges (ISSN 0037-9646 CODEN BSCBAG) is the Belgium peer-reviewed scientific journal in chemistry. Originally it started under the name Bulletin de l'Association Belge des Chimistes (Vol. 1 (1887/88) to Vol. 17 (1903))but with Vol. 18 (1904) the title name changed.
 The Swiss Medical Weekly is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by EMH Swiss Medical Publishers. It was established in 1871 as the Correspondenz-Blatt für Schweizer Aerzte then renamed to Schweizerische Medizinische Wochenschrift before obtaining its current title in 2001. Its editor-in-chief is André P. Perruchoud.
 The Mansfield News Journal is a daily newspaper based in Mansfield Ohio that serves Richland Ashland and Crawford counties as well as parts of Morrow Knox and Huron counties in the north central part of the state.
 Fantastic Four: 1234 is a four-issue comic book limited series featuring the Fantastic Four written by Grant Morrison and illustrated by Jae Lee and published by Marvel Comics under the Marvel Knights imprint.
 Ross O'Carroll-Kelly's Guide to (South) Dublin: How To Get By On Like €10000 A Day is a 2008 faux-travel guide by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard as part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series. It takes the form of a tourist guide to South Dublin written by Ross and his friends.
 The Orphan of the Rhine was a gothic novel [1] by Mrs. Eleanor Sleath listed as one of the seven horrid novels by Jane Austen in her novel Northanger Abbey [2] [3].Subtitled A Romance it was published in four volumes the sensationalist Minerva Press in 1798.
 Al Sadda (in Arabic الصدى meaning The Echo) is a daily sports newspaper published in Sudan. In September 2011 the paper along with five other sports newspapers was suspended by the Sudan Press Council for allegedly violation of press law.
 The Princess Diaries Volume X: Forever Princess is a young adult book in the Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released on January 6 2009 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the final novel in the series.The book was released in the UK on 2 January 2009 and called The Princess Diaries: Ten out of Ten.
 Hero Tales (獣神演武 Jūshin Enbu) is a Japanese manga that was serialized in Square Enix's Gangan Powered. It later moved to Monthly Shōnen Gangan when the magazine was closed. The original story is by Huang Jin Zhou (A unit composed of Hiromu Arakawa Genco and Studio Flag) and illustrated by Arakawa. The motif of the story are Chinese wuxia drama and novels. The world view is rooted in Chinese folklore and history as well as having an element of fantasy.
 The Divide: American Injustice in the Age of the Wealth Gap is a 2014 non-fiction book by journalist Matt Taibbi about income inequality in the United States and its impact on the American conception of justice and the legal system.
 Ibong Adarna is an epic written in the 18th Century about an eponymous magical bird. The title's longer form during the Spanish Era was Corrido at Buhay na Pinagdaanan nang Tatlóng Principeng anac nang Haring Fernando at nang Reina Valeriana sa Cahariang Berbania (Filipino for Corrido and Life Lived by the Three Princes children of King Fernando and Queen Valeriana in the Kingdom of Berbania).
 Disability and Rehabilitation is a peer-reviewed medical journal which provides information on all aspects of disability and information on rehabilitation medicine including practise and policy aspects of the rehabilitation process. The journal is published by Informa Healthcare and the editor-in-chief is Dave Müller (Suffolk New College). It was established in 1978 and has a 2010 impact factor of 1.489. The journal is published 26 times a year.
 Welsh Living is a national bi-monthly home and lifestyle magazine. The magazine began publication in 2006 in the United Kingdom. Founded by Eduardo Pereira the magazine is predominately based on homes gardens life and style. Circulation is achieved through distribution at independent news-stand outlets as well as Marks and Spencer Waitrose Sainsbury's WH Smith and other retail outlets.
 Black & White is a non-fiction book written by Shiva Naipaul and published by Hamish Hamilton in the U.K. in 1980. It was published with the title Journey to Nowhere: A New World Tragedy in the U.S. The book is based on Naipaul's trip to Guyana in the aftermath of the Jonestown Massacre and his subsequent trip to the United States in which he explored links between the People's Temple and other groups and individuals. Naipaul attempted to connect Rev.
 The Castle of Indolence is a poem written by James Thomson a Scottish poet of the 18th century in 1748.According to the Nuttall Encyclopedia the Castle of Indolence is a place in which the dwellers live amid luxurious delights to the enervation of soul and body. The poem is written in Spenserian stanzas at a time when they were considered outdated and initiated an interest in this stanza form which would later have a strong influence upon the English Romantic poets Lord Byron William Wordsworth and John Keats.Washington Irving quotes the first four lines of Canto I VI (lines 46-49 in external link excerpt below) from the poem in his tale The Legend of Sleepy Hollow. 
 The Prince (Italian: Il Principe [il ˈprin.tʃi.pe]) is a 16th-century political treatise by the Italian diplomat and political theorist Niccolò Machiavelli. From correspondence a version appears to have been distributed in 1513 using a Latin title De Principatibus (About Principalities). However the printed version was not published until 1532 five years after Machiavelli's death.
 The Information: A History a Theory a Flood is a book by science history writer James Gleick author of Chaos: Making a New Science. It covers the genesis of our current information age. The Information has also been published in ebook formats by Fourth Estate and Random House and as an audiobook by Random House Audio. The Information was on the New York Times best-seller list for 3 weeks following its debut from 27 March 2011.
 Peace and Conflict: Journal of Peace Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 48 of the American Psychological Association. The journal was established in 1995. It is the main academic journal in the field of peace psychology and covers research on peace conflict and their interaction at all levels of analysis from interpersonal to community regional national and international issues. The current editor-in-chief is Fathali M.
 Opium Season is the story of a young American working on the brutal fault line where the war on terror meets the war on drugs.
 Solus was an American comic book series written by Barbara Kesel and illustrated by George Pérez. It was published by CrossGen Entertainment from April to December 2003. It ran for eight issues until it was cancelled when Crossgen went bankrupt in 2004. Solus was a late comer to the Crossgen line-up but was a pivotal title within the overall Sigilverse history.
 The Forger is a novel by Paul Watkins about a young American painter who comes to Paris in order to pursue a lifelong dream of the romantic life of a painter in the period prior to World War II. David Halifax the aspiring artist has been granted an all expense paid trip by a mysterious and unknown benefactor called the Levasseur Committee in order to study painting.
 The Winter King is the first novel of the Warlord Chronicles by Bernard Cornwell. It was published in 1995 in the UK by Penguin Group.
 Dave Campbell's Texas Football is an biannual magazine previewing American football teams in the state of Texas.It previews football teams in Texas at all levels from the NFL's Dallas Cowboys and Houston Texans college football to the roughly 1400 high schools (public and private) in the state.The summer magazine is issued in June about 1-2 months before the start of preseason football. It sells for $9.95 and is available in most Texas stores which sell magazines.
 Minimanual Of The Urban Guerrilla (Portuguese: Minimanual do Guerrilheiro Urbano) is a book written by Brazilian guerrilla fighter Carlos Marighella in June 1969. It consists of advice on how to disrupt and overthrow an authoritarian regime aiming at revolution. The text has been banned in many countries but remains in print and on bookshelves in several others including the United States.
 The Bloody Crown of Conan is the second of a three volume set collecting the Conan stories by author Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in 2004 first in the United Kingdom by Wandering Star Books under the title Conan of Cimmeria: Volume Two (1934) and then in the United States by Ballantine/Del Rey under the present title in 2005. The Science Fiction Book Club subsequently reprinted the complete set in hardcover.
 The Father-Thing is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Gollancz in 1989 and reprints Volume III of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick. It had not previously been published as a stand-alone volume.
 Schild's Ladder is a 2002 science fiction novel by Australian author Greg Egan. The book derives its name from Schild's ladder a construction in differential geometry devised by the mathematician and physicist Alfred Schild. This novel is perhaps the hardest science fiction ever published by Egan filled with non-trivial mathematics and theoretical physics.
 The South Atlantic Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the South Atlantic Modern Language Association. It was established in 1935 and publishes articles and reviews in the fields of language and literature. Its editor-in-chief is Matthew Roudané.
 The Thief Queen's Daughter is the second book in The Lost Journals of Ven Polypheme series by Elizabeth Haydon. It was released in July 2007. The book is illustrated by Jason Chan.
 Trelawny of the 'Wells' is an 1898 comic play by Arthur Wing Pinero. It tells the story of a theatre star who attempts to give up the stage for love but is unable to fit into conventional society.
 Dear Nobody is a realistic young-adult novel by Berlie Doherty published by Hamilton in 1991. Set in the northern England city of Sheffield it features an unplanned teenage pregnancy and tells the story of its effect on the teenagers and their families.Doherty won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.
 Between The Lines is a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) newspaper in the Michigan area. It is headquartered in Livonia Metro Detroit.It is a member of the National Gay Newspaper Guild and is affiliated with Q Syndicate a LGBT content provider founded in 1995.
 Gameland (Russian: Страна игр) is a monthly Russian magazine focused on video games. It has been published by Gameland since 1996 and after the closing of Velikiy Drakon and Game.EXE it is now the oldest Russian video game magazine in circulation.
 Smoke in the Forest (Dym v lesu Дым в лесу) is a short story by the Soviet children's writer Arkady Gaidar first published in No.2 February 1939 issue of Pioneer magazine. Later that year it was published by Detizdat Publishers as a separate book with illustrations by P.Yermolayev. In 1940 Gaidar included it into his compilation Rasskazy (Short Stories). In 1955 Yevgeny Karelov shot a film Smoke in the Forest based upon Gaidar's story.
 The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue is the first novel by the American writer Lester Goran. It is set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania and spans a time period from the Great Depression to the postwar era.It tells the story of Ike-o Hartwell born into the fictional Pittsburgh slum of Sobaski's Stairway and how he learns to survive amid the neon glow of pawn shops and poolrooms on Mechanic Avenue peopled by racketeers pimps gangs and ward heelers. Then the army drafts him for the Korean War.
 Ain't Nobody's Business if You Do: The Absurdity of Consensual Crimes in Our Free Country (ISBN 0-931580-58-7) is a book by Peter McWilliams in which he presents the history of legislation against what he feels are victimless crimes or crimes that are committed consensually as well as arguments for their legalization.The book is divided into five sections.Part I gives a definition of victimless and consensual crime and outlines the difference between personal morality and governmentally-imposed morality.Part II presents arguments against the criminalization of victimless crimes.Part III gives a closer look into some of the individual activities which the author classifies as consensual crimes such as prostitution and marijuana use but which the majority of criminologists would classify as victimless.Part IV gives historical examples of the treatment of consensual and victimless crimes such as Prohibition and Biblical examples.Part V advises readers on what to do to change the laws.Throughout the book are approximately six hundred quotations by noted thinkers on both sides of his positions (primarily supporters).McWilliams presents a variety of arguments against the criminalization of victimless crimes. 
 Star King (also published as The Star King) is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack Vance the first in his Demon Princes series.
 Bishopric Garland or Durham Minstrel Edited and published by Joseph Ritson is a revised and corrected edition of a book on County Durham music published in 1792.
 The Final Reflection is a 1984 Star Trek tie-in novel by John M. Ford which emphasizes developments of Klingon language and culture. The novel provided the foundation for the FASA Star Trek role-playing game sourcebooks dealing with the Klingon elements of the game.
 Riding the Bullet is a novella by Stephen King. This work marks King's debut on the Internet. Simon & Schuster with technology by SoftLock first published Riding the Bullet in 2000 as the world's first mass-market electronic book available for download at $2.50. In 2002 it was collected in King's collection Everything's Eventual. In 2000 the novella was nominated for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in Long Fiction and the International Horror Guild Award for Best Long Form.
 Foundation and Empire is a novel written by Isaac Asimov that was published by Gnome Press in 1952. It is the second book published in the Foundation Series and the fourth in the in-universe chronology. It takes place in two halves originally published as separate novellas.
 Zuckerman Unbound is a 1981 novel by the American author Philip Roth.
 The British National Formulary for Children (BNFC) is the standard UK paediatric reference for prescribing and pharmacology among others indications side effects and costs of the prescription of all medication drugs available on the National Health Service.The BNFC is jointly published annually by the British Medical Association the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health and the Neonatal and Paediatric Pharmacists Group.The latest edition BNFC 2013-2014 is the ninth edition.
 Superman and Wonder Woman – the Hidden Killer is a special-edition “humanitarian comic book” featuring Superman and Wonder Woman that promotes “landmine awareness” among children particularly from countries where there are active landmines after war.
 This article is about the science fiction novel; for other meanings see Golden Globe (disambiguation).The Golden Globe is a Locus nominated novel by John Varley a science fiction writer who has won both the Hugo and Nebula Awards multiple times. The Golden Globe is set in the same continuity as Steel Beach taking place about 10 years later and was published in 1998.
 Deep Love is a Japanese cell phone novel series written by Yoshi and is officially the first in its literary genre. The series includes four novels which were later published by Stars Publishing from December 2002 and July 2003.
 Mind Brain and Education is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. It was established in 2007 as the official journal of the International Mind Brain and Education Society. Its editor-in-chief is Kurt W. Fischer (Harvard Graduate School of Education).
 Language Teaching is an academic journal in language education that publishes approximately 30 research articles a year in the field of second-language teaching and learning. Published by Cambridge University Press papers focus on specific topics languages and countries.
 The Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal in marketing.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.570 Since 2009 the editor-in-chief is G. Tomas M. Hult (Michigan State University). In 2010 the journal changed publication frequency from quarterly to bimonthly.
 Machine Vision and Applications is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering image processing. It was established in 1988 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Mubarak Shah (University of Central Florida). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.103.
 The Carnivorous Plant Newsletter is the official publication of the International Carnivorous Plant Society (ICPS) the largest such organization in the world.
 The Emergency Medicine Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of the College of Emergency Medicine (formerly of the British Association for Emergency Medicine) as well as the British Association for Immediate Care and the Faculty of Pre-Hospital Care of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh.
 Flare Path is a play by Terence Rattigan written in 1941 and first staged in 1942. Set in a hotel near an RAF Bomber Command airbase during the Second World War the story involves a love triangle between a pilot his actress wife and a famous film star. The play is based in part on Rattigan's own wartime experiences. Flare Path was later adapted as the film The Way to the Stars.
 Pacific Affairs (PA) is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal that publishes academic research on contemporary political economic and social issues in Asia and the Pacific. The journal was founded in 1926 as the newsletter for the entirety of the Institute of Pacific Relations (IPR). In May 1928 PA adopted its current name and has been published continuously since. From 1934 to 1942 the journal was edited by Owen Lattimore the pioneering scholar of Central Asian history then William L.
 The Truth About Poop is a book by Susan E. Goodman and illustrated by Elwood H. Smith.
 Thanda Gosht (Urdu: ٹھنڈا گوشت‎ ALA-LC: Ṭhanḍā Gos̱ẖt IPA: [ʈʰənɖɑː ɡoːʃt̪] English: Cold Meat) is a non-fiction short story written by Saadat Hasan Manto. The book was first published in a literary magazine in March 1950 in Pakistan. Later it was published by Sang-e-Meel Publications.The story is about the communal violence of 1947. Ishwar Singh a Sikh fails to make love to his mistress. She suspects him of infidelity and In a fit of jealousy she stabs her husband with his own dagger.
 Eugene Aram is a melodramatic novel by the British writer Edward George Bulwer-Lytton first published in 1832. It depicts the events leading up to the execution of Eugene Aram in 1759 for murdering his business partner.
 Literatura şi Arta (Romanian for Literature and Art) is a weekly newspaper from Chişinău Moldova.
 Inside New York is a New York City guidebook written and published annually by students of several universities including Columbia University New York University The New School and other New York City universities. Founded in 1978 as the Columbia Guide to New York and given exclusively to incoming freshmen it currently is distributed to several colleges graduate programs and businesses throughout New York City in addition to being sold at independent bookstores and major retailers.
 Giochi per il mio computer (Italian: Games for my PC) also known by the acronym GMC was an Italian magazine about computer video games and every thing concerns this topic. In Italy it represented the leading magazine in its field and frequently sold more than 100000 copies.
 Sarek is a novel by A. C. Crispin set in the fictional Star Trek universe. It is set shortly after the motion picture Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country. Ambassador Sarek of Vulcan discovers evidence of a complicated plot to cripple the United Federation of Planets; he must work to find out who is behind it while also coming to terms with the death of his human wife Amanda Grayson. A secondary storyline follows the adventures of Peter Kirk nephew of James T.
 Pentecostal Evangel is the official weekly magazine of the General Council of the Assemblies of God in the United States of America with an average weekly circulation of approximately 200000 worldwide. The weekly publishes inspirational features that focus on contemporary issues biblical instruction and devotional guides Christian news and conversation pieces. The magazine's headquarters is located in Springfield Missouri.
 Geech is an American comic strip drawn by Jerry Bittle. The strip showcases the eccentricities and foibles of people in small town America represented by the fictional city of Grimace TX.Geech Dingum is the star of the strip. He is a lazy unsuccessful accident prone mechanic at a Merle's Service Station.
 The Princess Diaries Volume VII and 3/4: Valentine Princess is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2006 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the fourth novella is the series.
 Softenni (そふてにっ Sofuteni) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Ryō Azuchi. Beginning serialization in Mag Garden's Comic Blade in 2008 Softenni consists of five volumes as of 2011. An anime adaptation by Xebec began airing April 7 2011 on Tokyo MX.
 Ohio History is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of Ohio and the Midwest. The journal was established in 1887 and published by the Ohio Historical Society. Since 2007 it is published annually by the Kent State University Press. The Ohio Historical Society maintains an online searchable archive of volumes 1–113 sponsored by the Ohio Public Library Information Network.
 La cuisine en dix minutes ou l'Adaptation au rhythme moderne (English title: French Cooking in Ten Minutes or Adapting to the Rhythm of Modern Life also Cooking in Ten Minutes  or Adapting to the Rhythm of Modern Life) by Edouard de Pomiane published in 1930 was an early and influential title on the subject of convenience cooking.
 The Columbia Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Colum. L. Rev.) is a law review edited and published by students at Columbia Law School. The journal publishes scholarly articles essays and student notes. It was established in 1901 by Joseph E. Corrigan and John M. Woolsey who served as the review's first editor-in-chief and secretary. The Columbia Law Review is one of four law reviews that publishes the Bluebook.
 Cerulean Sins is the eleventh in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Archives of Disease in Childhood is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group and covering the field of paediatrics. It is the official journal of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health.
 The Saturday Evening Post is a bimonthly American magazine. It was published weekly under this title from 1897 until 1963 thence biweekly until 1969 and quarterly and then bimonthly from 1971.
 Samurai Harem: Asu no Yoichi (明日のよいち! Asu no Yoichi! lit. Tomorrow's Yoichi) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yū Minamoto. It has been serialized in Monthly Shōnen Champion since October 2006 with last volume released on March 8 2011. The manga is licensed and released in Chinese by Sharp Point Press.
 Wheelmen: Lance Armstrong the Tour de France and the Greatest Sports Conspiracy Ever is a non-fiction book about American cycling and Lance Armstrong as well as his teammates including Floyd Landis. The book was released in the U.S. and Canada by Gotham Books on October 15 2013 in the UK by Headline Publishing. Wheelmen was co-authored by Reed Albergotti and Vanessa O'Connell American journalists who work for The Wall Street Journal.
 The Driver's Seat is a novella by Muriel Spark. Published in 1970 it was advertised as a metaphysical shocker. It is indeed in the psychological thriller genre dealing with themes of alienation isolation and loss of spiritual values.It was filmed in 1974 starring Elizabeth Taylor and featuring Andy Warhol. In the U.S the film was renamed Identikit.
 Letting Go Of Lisa is a novel written by Lurlene McDaniel. It follows the life of Nathan Malone as he enters his senior year at his new high school. When a girl on a motorcycle catches his eye Lisa Nathan is intrigued. As the two become closer Lisa's dark secret threatens their relationship.
 The Journey of Man: A Genetic Odyssey is a book by Spencer Wells an American geneticist and anthropologist in which he uses techniques and theories of genetics and evolutionary biology to trace the geographical dispersal of early human migrations out of Africa. The book was made into a TV documentary in 2003.
 The Innes Review is a biannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Scottish Catholic Historical Association in May and November of each year. It was founded in 1950 and covers the part played by the Catholic Church in Scottish history. It includes all aspects of Scottish history and culture especially ones related to religious history.
 The British Gazette was a short-lived British newspaper published by the Government during the General Strike of 1926.One of the first groups of workers called out by the Trades Union Congress when the general strike began on 3 May were the printers and consequently most newspapers appeared only in very brief and truncated form.
 Thriller was a short-lived 1980s comic book series first published by DC Comics in November 1983. The series was originally written by Robert Loren Fleming and drawn by Trevor Von Eeden. The book was sold only through the direct market. The taglines for the series were She has 7 seconds to save the world  and You can't read it fast enough. The she in question was protagonist Angie Thriller. The 7 seconds referred to a team of operatives who assisted her in various conflicts.
 Biokhimiya is a Russian peer-reviewed scientific journal of biochemistry published by Nauka/Interperiodica. The journal was established by the Academy of Sciences of the USSR (now Russian Academy of Sciences) and the Russian Biochemical Society in 1936. The English translation Biochemistry (Moscow) has been published since 1956. It is currently edited by V. P. Skulachev.
 The Cambridge History of English and American Literature was published by Cambridge University Press in 1907–1921. The 18 volumes include 303 chapters and more than 11000 pages edited and written by a worldwide panel of 171 leading scholars and thinkers of the early twentieth century. The English literature chapters begin with Old English poetry and end with the late Victorian era.
 The Last Days of Pompeii is a novel written by the baron Edward Bulwer-Lytton in 1834. The novel was inspired by the painting The Last Day of Pompeii by the Russian painter Karl Briullov which Bulwer-Lytton had seen in Milan.
 The Journal of Indian Society of Periodontology is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Periodontology. It covers all aspects of periodontology.
 Southern Jewish History is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal of Jewish and Southern history. It is published by the Southern Jewish Historical Society and was established in 1998. Its editor in chief is Mark K. Bauman.
 Advanced Emergency Nursing Journal is a peer-reviewed nursing journal for advanced practice registered nurses in the field of emergency nursing. The journal was established in 1979 as Topics in Emergency Medicine and obtained its current title in 2006. It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the editors-in-chief are K. Sue Hoyt (St. Mary Medical Center (Long Beach)) and Jean A. Proehl (Dartmouth–Hitchcock Medical Center).
 Kanjinchō (勧進帳 The Subscription List) is a Japanese kabuki play by Namiki Gohei III based on the Noh play Ataka. It is one of the most popular plays in the modern kabuki repertory.Belonging to the repertories of the Naritaya and Kōritaya guilds the play was first performed in March 1840 at the Kawarazaki-za in Edo. Ichikawa Ebizō V Ichikawa Kuzō II and Ichikawa Danjūrō VIII played the leading roles of Benkei Togashi and Yoshitsune respectively.
 Plop! The New Magazine of Weird Humor! was a comic book anthology published by DC Comics in the mid-1970s. It falls into the horror / humor genre. There were 24 issues in all and the series ran from Sept./Oct. 1973 to Nov./Dec. 1976.
 The House That Ate The Hamptons is a novel based on the controversy surrounding the construction of billionaire Ira Rennert's mansion in Southampton New York.The novel's author James Brady is a magazine writer with columns in Parade magazine and Advertising Age. He is also a part-time Hamptons resident.
 The Uplift War is a 1987 science fiction novel by David Brin and the third book of six set in his Uplift Universe. It was nominated as the best novel for the 1987 Nebula Award and won the 1988 Hugo and Locus Awards. The previous two books are Sundiver and Startide Rising.
 Helvetica Chimica Acta is a scientific journal founded by the Swiss Chemical Society. It is published by John Wiley & Sons both in print and online. It publishes papers in all areas of chemistry. This journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.383.
 The Oxford American is an American quarterly literary magazine dedicated to featuring the very best in Southern writing while documenting the complexity and vitality of the American South.
 Cebu is a 1991 novel by Filipino American author Peter Bacho the most visible figure of second-generation native-born Filipino American writing and one of several Seattle novelists in the 1990s to explore the racial history and sociology of Seattle. The novel is also the first novel about a Filipino American who identifies primarily with US localities rather than with the Philippines.
 Earth Interactions is a scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society American Geophysical Union and Association of American Geographers.Earth Interactions is an electronic journal dealing with the interactions between the lithosphere hydrosphere atmosphere and biosphere in the context of global issues or global change.
 The Forum: Qualitative Social Research (German: Forum Qualitative Sozialforschung) is a triannual peer-reviewed online academic journal covering the theory methodology and application of qualitative research. The editor-in-chief is Katja Mruck (Free University of Berlin). Articles published are in English German or Spanish. Recently the journal has started incorporating Internet-specific forms of publication such as video and sound recordings.
 Belfast confetti is a poem about the aftermath of a sectarian riot in Belfast by Northern Irish poet and translator Ciarán Carson. The poem won the Irish Times Irish Literature Prize for Poetry. The name of the poem derives from the nickname for the large ship-building rivets and other scrap metal that were used as missiles by Protestant shipyard workers during anti-Catholic riots in Belfast.
 The Painted Man (titled The Warded Man in the US) is a fantasy novel written by American writer Peter V. Brett. It is the first part of the Demon Cycle. It was first published by HarperCollins's Voyager imprint in the United Kingdom on 1 September 2008 and was published in the United States under the title of The Warded Man in March 2009. It has been translated into German Japanese Polish Czech French Spanish Dutch Portuguese Serbian and Estonian.
 Beef No Chicken is a two-act play by Caribbean playwright Derek Walcott written in 1981. The play is set in the Trinidadian town of Couva. It follows restaurant owner Otto Hogan whose refusal to accept graft delays the building of a highway through the center of the town.
 My Pretty Rose Tree is a poem written by the English poet William Blake. It was published as part of his collection Songs of Experience in 1794.
 Justinian (ISBN 0-8125-4527-3) was published in 1998 by Tor Books. It is a novel by American writer Harry Turtledove writing under the pseudonym H. N. Turteltaub a name he used for a time when writing historical fiction.
 Echo fantasy novel by Francesca Lia Block published in 2000 by Harper Collins.[1] It follows the life of Echo who in her teens meets a boy with angel wings for whom she still finds herself waiting for years later. Some chapters are however almost completely dedicated to lives of her friends family and boyfriends.
 The Nation is the oldest continuously published weekly magazine in the United States a successor to William Lloyd Garrison's Liberator. The periodical devoted to politics and culture is self-described as the flagship of the left. Founded on July 6 1865 it is published by The Nation Company L.P. at 33 Irving Place New York City.
 InStyle is a monthly women’s fashion magazine published in the United States by Time Inc. Along with advertising the magazine offers articles about beauty fashion home entertaining charitable endeavors and celebrity lifestyles. Its editor is Ariel Foxman and its publisher is Connie Anne Phillips.
 The Southeast Missourian is a daily newspaper published in Cape Girardeau Missouri United States and serves (as the name implies) the southeastern portion of Missouri.
 Duke Mathematical Journal is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Duke University Press. It was established in 1935. The founding editors-in-chief were David Widder Arthur Coble and Joseph Miller Thomas. The first issue included a paper by Solomon Lefschetz. Leonard Carlitz served on the editorial board for 35 years from 1938 to 1973.The current managing editor is Jonathan Wahl (University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill).
 Burevestnik (Russian: Буревестник) was a Russian language anarchist periodical published in Paris between 1906 and 1910. It had the subtitle 'Organ of the Russian Anarchist Communists'. The publication was the most prominent periodical of Russian anarchist émigrés in the aftermath of the Russian revolution of 1905. It was edited by Maksim Rayevsky and Nikolai Rogdaev.
 Bloom written in 1998 is the fifth science fiction novel written by Wil McCarthy. It was first released as a hardcover in September 1998. Almost a year later in August 1999 its first mass market edition was published.Bloom is one of Borders' Best 10 Books of 1998 and is a New York Times Notable Book.The premise of the book is how to handle human technology that has evolved beyond human control.
 The Adventures of James Bond Junior 003½ is a 1967 James Bond spin-off novel carrying the Glidrose Productions copyright. It was first published in the United Kingdom by the Jonathan Cape publishing company in 1967 and later in 1968 in the United States by Random House. The American edition was retitled 003½: The Adventures of James Bond Junior. The novel was written under the pseudonym R. D.
 George Passant is the first published of C. P. Snow's series of novels Strangers and Brothers but the second according to the internal chronology. It was first published under the name Strangers and Brothers.George Passant is a solicitor in a small English town whose idealism and eccentricity lead him to accumulate a group of young followers in a mentor-like capacity.
 Age of Iron is a 1990 novel by South African Nobel Prize winner J. M. Coetzee. It is among his most popular works and was the 1990 Sunday Express Book of the Year. In it he paints a picture of social and political tragedy unfolding in a country ravaged by racism and violence.
 Doom 3: Worlds on Fire (released on February 26 2008) is the first book in a planned series of three novels. Before writing the book its author Matthew Costello wrote the scripts for Doom 3 and Doom 3: Resurrection of Evil.
 By Royal Command is the fifth novel in the Young Bond series depicting Ian Fleming's superspy James Bond as a teenager in the 1930s. The novel written by Charlie Higson takes place in 1934 and see James at the age of fourteen. Locations include The Alps (Kitzbühel) England France Lisbon and Vienna.By Royal Command was published in hardcover by Puffin Books in the UK on September 3 2008. Cover art (featuring a black and red Union Jack) was not revealed until the day of publication.
 The Complete Thief's Handbook is a supplemental rulebook published in 1989 for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Onitsha is a novel by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. It was originally published in French in 1991 and an English translation was released in 1997.
 The Scribes from Alexandria is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence. The novel the fifteenth in the Roman Mysteries series was published in 2008. It is set during the reign of Titus primarily in Roman Egypt.
 The Outsider is a short story by American horror writer H. P. Lovecraft. Written between March and August 1921 it was first published in Weird Tales April 1926. In this work a mysterious man who has been living alone in a castle for as long as he can remember decides to break free in search of human contact and light.
 The Borrowers Afield is a children's fantasy novel by Mary Norton published in 1955 by Dent in the UK and Harcourt in the US. It was the second of five books in a series that is usually called The Borrowers inaugurated by The Borrowers in 1952.
 The Ballad of Abu Ghraib is a nonfiction book by American writer Philip Gourevitch. The book originally appeared in hardback under the title Standard Operating Procedure.
 All About Accounting (Ukrainian: Все про бухгалтерський облік) is a semiweekly Ukrainian and Russian-language newspaper based in Kiev (Ukraine) with a run of 93100. Published since 1994.
 Eragon is the first book in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini who began writing at the age of 15. After writing the first draft for a year he spent a second year rewriting it and fleshing out the story and characters. Paolini's parents saw the final manuscript and decided to self-publish Eragon. Paolini spent a year traveling around the United States promoting the novel. By chance the book was discovered by Carl Hiaasen who got it re-published by Alfred A. Knopf.
 Capable of Honor is a 1966 political novel written by Allen Drury. It is the second sequel to Advise and Consent for which Drury was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1960.Capable of Honor examines the role that journalists play during a US presidential campaign.
 The Misanthrope or the Cantankerous Lover (French: Le Misanthrope ou l'Atrabilaire amoureux; French pronunciation: ​[lə misantʁop u latʁabilɛʁ amuʁø]) is a 17th-century comedy of manners in verse written by Molière. It was first performed on 4 June 1666 at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal Paris by the King's Players.The play satirizes the hypocrisies of French aristocratic society but it also engages a more serious tone when pointing out the flaws which all humans possess.
 The Sri Lanka Gazette officially The Gazette of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka (Sinhala: ශ්‍රී ලංකා ප්‍රජාතාන්ත්‍රික සමාජවාදී ජනරජයේ ගැසට් පත්‍රය) is a public journal of the Government of Sri Lanka. It prints certain statutory notices from the government.
 Mitya's Love (Митина любовь Mi′tina Lyubo′v) is a short novel by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin written in 1924 and first published in books XXIII and XXIV of the Sovremennye Zapiski Paris-based literary journal in 1925. It's been included in (and gave the title to) a compilation of novelets and short stories published the same year in France.
 Werewolves in Their Youth is a 1999 collection of short stories by Michael Chabon.
 The Final Passage is Caryl Phillips's debut novel. First published in 1985 it is about the Caribbean diaspora exemplified in the lives of a young family from a small island of the British West Indies who decide to join the 1950s exodus to the mother country. They arrive in London full of hope but their hopes are thwarted while new challenges if not opportunities never thought of before seem to arise.
 The Confidential Agent (1939) is a thriller novel by British author Graham Greene. Fueled by Benzedrine Greene wrote it in six weeks. To avoid distraction he rented a room in Bloomsbury from a landlady who lived in an apartment below him. He used that apartment in the novel (it's where D. hides for a day) and had an affair with the landlady's daughter. He wrote the book for money and was so displeased with his work that he wanted it published under a pseudonym.
 Black Girl / White Girl is a novel by Joyce Carol Oates first published in 2006. It takes the form of an untitled 300 page manuscript written in 1990 by Generva Meade a white historian who truthfully recounts the events which happened during her freshman year at a prestigious liberal college in 1974-75 and Meade's own paternal family history which uncomfortable spans the gap between a proud history of progressive thinking and subsequent revolutionary and violent ideas.
 Therese. Chronik eines Frauenlebens (Therese: The Chronicle of a Woman's Life) is a novel by Arthur Schnitzler first published in 1928.It is about a woman who gives birth to an illegitimate child during the final decades of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy and who having to live in poverty herself is unable to secure an education for her son. Therese has a succession of lovers all of whom act irresponsibly towards her. Eventually she meets a wealthy Jewish entrepreneur who proposes to her.
 No Connection is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the June 1948 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov.
 Billboard Brasil is a monthly Brazilian magazine launched on October 10 2009 with a print-run of over 40000 copies. It is distributed nationwide by Brazil's biggest distributor Dinap. The Billboard charts printed in the magazine and on its website are accepted as Brazil's official charts.
 The Late Show Top Ten List is a regular segment of the television program Late Show with David Letterman. It is adapted from Letterman's NBC show Late Night. The list is compiled by the show's writing staff.
 Kubah (literally Cupola or Dome) is an Indonesian novel written by Ahmad Tohari. It follows a poor man named Karman who becomes a member of the Indonesian Communist Party only to find himself a victim of the ongoing political struggles in 1950s Indonesia.
 Power Sex Suicide: Mitochondria and the Meaning of Life is a 2005 popular science book by Nick Lane of University College London which argues that mitochondria are central to questions of the evolution of multicellularity the evolution of sexual reproduction and to the process of senescence.Amongst the theories advanced in the book Lane endorses the hydrogen hypothesis for the formation of the eukaryotic cell whereby mitochondria are the original defining characteristic of the structure.
 The Journal of Personality and Social Psychology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Psychological Association that was established in 1965. It covers the fields of social and personality psychology. The editors-in-chief are Eliot R. Smith (Indiana University; Attitudes and Social Cognition Section) Jeffry A. Simpson (University of Minnesota); Interpersonal Relations and Group Processes Section) and Laura A.
 Quentin Durward is a historical novel by Walter Scott first published in 1823. The story concerns a Scottish archer in the service of the French King Louis XI (1423–1483).
 Indiana Jones and the Philosopher's Stone is the ninth of 12 Indiana Jones novels published by Bantam Books. Max McCoy the author of this book also wrote three of the other Indiana Jones books for Bantam. Published on April 1 1995 it is preceded by Indiana Jones and the White Witch and followed by Indiana Jones and the Dinosaur Eggs.
 Double Cross is the thirteenth novel in the Alex Cross series featuring Detective Alex Cross by James Patterson. It was released on November 13 2007.On December 2 2007 Double Cross became the number 1 best seller in the New York Times.
 The Angel's Luck Series is a group of three science fiction novels by Joe Clifford Faust beginning with his first novel 1989's Desperate Measures.
 Dear Boys (ディア・ボーイズ Dia Bōizu) is a sports manga by Hiroki Yagami published by Kodansha in Monthly Shōnen Magazine. As of June 2007 the Dear Boys series has 25 volumes in total including the Dear Boys: The Early Days and Dear Boys: Act 2. In 2007 Dear Boys: Act 2 was awarded the Kodansha Manga Award for the shōnen manga.The story concerns the progress of the Mizuho High School basketball team as it attempts to win the prefectural championship.
 The Burlington Post is the local newspaper of Burlington Ontario Canada.The paper covers local news and issues as well as sports entertainment the arts business and classified sections.The Post is distributed three times a week on Wednesdays Thursdays and Fridays through home delivery and is also sold in local stores and in newspaper boxes.
 Planetary and Space Science published 15 times per year is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1959. It publishes original research articles along with short communications (letters). The main topic is solar system processes which encompasses multiple areas of the natural sciences. Numerical simulations of solar system processes are also conducted at ground based facilities or on-board space platforms.
 The Dirt: Confessions of the World's Most Notorious Rock Band (ISBN 0-06-098915-7) is a collaborative autobiography written by Mötley Crüe Neil Strauss and the Mötley managers where they write about the members of Mötley Crüe. First published in 2001 it chronicles the formation of the band their rise to fame and their decadent lifestyles.
 Il Gazzettino is an Italian daily local newspaper based in Mestre Italy. It is the main newspaper in the Northeast Italy and is one of the oldest newspaper in Italy.It currently publishes 8 different local editions:VeniceTrevisoPaduaBellunoRovigoVicenza-BassanoFriuli (Udine)PordenoneIn 2006 the Rome-based publishing company Caltagirone Editore acquired the majority stake of Il Gazzettino's publishing company Società Editrice Padana (which also owns TeleFriuli).
 A Channel (Aチャンネル Ē Channeru) is a Japanese four-panel comic strip by bb Kuroda. It was first serialized in the seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Carat on December 2008 published by Houbunsha. A prequel manga series also by Kuroda launched in Manga Time Kirara Carino from January 2012. An anime adaptation by Studio Gokumi aired in Japan between April 8 2011 and June 24 2011. An original video animation A Channel +smile was released on March 21 2012.
 The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts is the tenth novel in the Cat Who series of murder mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun.Late Sunday night Jim Qwilleran is interrupted while listening to Otello by a phone call from an Iris Cobb his former landlady and now manager of the Goodwinter Farm Museum. She is hearing strange noises. When he arrives at the museum he finds Iris dead on the kitchen floor. Is it simply a heart attack or murder? Jim and the cats investigate.
 The Passion of the Western Mind: Understanding the Ideas That Have Shaped Our World View is a 1991 book by cultural historian Richard Tarnas.
 Clay is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 The War in Eastern Europe is a book that describes John Reed's second trip after the first World War broke out.
 E-novine is a web portal that publishes news and commentary from the former Yugoslav countries.Based in Belgrade edited by Petar Luković and published in Bosnian Croatian Serbian and Montenegrin languages E-novine has left wing pro-Western pro-EU and pro-NATO editorial policy. It is also known for its willingness to print defamatory and controversial stories based on rumour and hearsay in the vein of UK's Private Eye or Canada's Frank.
 Review of International Political Economy is an academic journal which aims to explore International Political Economy from a range of perspectives. It includes global and interdisciplinary approaches over a wide range of issues and areas of inquiry.
 See also The Great Santini (film)The Great Santini is a novel written by Pat Conroy and published in 1976.
 Arts & Letters is an American semiannual literary journal published by Georgia College & State University in Milledgeville Georgia.Established in 1999 the journal is known for its in-depth interviews with major American writers including John Guare Tina Howe Bobbie Ann Mason and Charles Simic. Notable contributors to the journal have included K. E. Allen Jacob M.
 The Hibernian was a monthly Irish magazine with the subtitle Faith Family and Country. Twenty-nine issues were published between May 2006 and September 2008.It was launched in May 2006 by Gerry McGeough formerly a member of the Sinn Féin national executive as editor and Charles Byrne a 28-year-old from Drogheda who writes as Cathal O Broin (the Irish-language version of his name).
 The International Journal of Civil Engineering is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Iranian Society of Civil Engineering and the Iran University of Science and Technology. It covers theoretical and research related to all aspects of civil engineering.
 Hunting Ground is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Angel television series.
 India: The Emerging Giant is a 2008 book by Arvind Panagariya which describes the contemporary state of the economy of India.
 The Bancroft Strategy is a spy novel credited to Robert Ludlum posthumously published on October 17 2006.
 A Dedicated Man is the second novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 1988 but has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Modri e is a novel by Slovenian author Matjaž Pikalo. It was first published in 1998.
 Futsū no Joshikōsei ga Locodol Yattemita (普通の女子校生が【ろこどる】やってみた。 lit. Normal High School Girls Tried Being Local Idols) is a 4-panel comedy manga series by Kōtarō Kosugi serialized in Ichijinsha's Manga 4-Koma Palette magazine since 2011. It has been collected in two tankōbon volumes as of January 2014. An anime television series adaptation by Feel has been announced and is scheduled to air from July 2014.
 The People That Time Forgot is an Edgar Rice Burroughs fantasy novel the second of his Caspak trilogy. The sequence was first published in Blue Book Magazine as a three-part serial in the issues for September October and November 1918 with The People That Time Forgot forming the second installment. The complete trilogy was later combined for publication in book form under the title of The Land That Time Forgot (properly speaking the title of the first part) by A. C. McClurg in June 1924.
 The Secret Memoir of the Missionary (邪宗門伝来秘史) is a horror short story by Hirofumi Tanaka. It was originally planned as the first part of a much longer novel however this project was abandoned when the publisher rejected Tanaka's proposal. It was first collected in the Japanese Cthulhu Mythos collection Lair of the Hidden Gods published by Tokyo Sōgensha. It was translated into English by Daniel Day when the collection was published by Kurodahan Press in 2006.
 Biomarker Insights is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on biomarkers and their clinical applications. The journal aims to be a venue for rapid communications in the field.The journal was founded in 2006 and is published by Libertas Academica. The editor in chief is Stephen F. Kingsmore.
 The Hotel on the Roof of the World is a humorous account by Alec Le Sueur of the attempt to manage the Holiday Inn Lhasa in Tibet in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The book was published in the UK in 1998 by Summersdale and has remained in print since then.
 The Monkees: The Day-by-Day Story of the '60s TV Pop Sensation is a book covering the history of the made-for-TV rock band The Monkees. Written by Andrew Sandoval it fully details the band's recording sessions filming dates and public appearances from 1965-1970. Also included is an extensive listing of session musicians who worked on The Monkees' recordings.
 The Sons of Avalon Saga is a series of Arthurian Legend novels by American novelist Dee Marie. The first book in the series Sons of Avalon Merlin’s Prophecy begins with the birth of Merlin and ends with the conception of King Arthur. Future books in the series explore the birth and life of King Arthur and his court.
 European Journal of Communication is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on communications and media. The journal was established in 1986 and covers all aspects of communication research and theory.
 Nepenthes of Borneo is a monograph by Charles Clarke on the tropical pitcher plants of Borneo. It was first published in 1997 by Natural History Publications (Borneo) and reprinted in 2006. Clarke describes it as primarily an ecological monograph.
 Hiyokoi (ひよ恋 Hiyokoi) is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Moe Yukimaru. It is serialized in Shueisha's monthly shōjo manga magazine Ribon and has been published into nine tankōbon volumes as of April 2013. The name of the series is a pun between 'Hiyoko' (ひよこ which means chick) and 'Koi' (恋 which means love).A twenty-two-minute-long movie based on the manga and produced by Production I.G. was released in the Ribon Summer festival in July 30 2010.
 The Will of an Eccentric (French: Le Testament d'un excentrique 1900) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne based on the Game of the Goose.
 62: A Model Kit (translated from 62/Modelo para armar) is a novel by Julio Cortázar published in 1968.
 Martha Stewart Living is a magazine and a television show featuring entertaining and home decorating guru Martha Stewart. Both the magazine and the television program focus on the domestic arts. Martha Stewart Living began as a quarterly magazine in 1990 published by Time Inc. and is currently published monthly. Stewart took the magazine with her when she left Time Inc.
 Journal of Elasticity (subtitled The Physical and Mathematical Science of Solids) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research and review articles on all aspects of elasticity. It is published seven times a year by Springer Science+Business Media.The editor-in-chief of Journal of Elasticity is Roger Fosdick. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 1.091.
 Shakespeare's Villains is a one-man play created and performed by Steven Berkoff.Following its first run at London's Theatre Royal Haymarket (7 July - 8 August 1998) where it was produced by Berkoff's East Productions and Marc Sinden (who also co-directed) it was nominated for The Society of London Theatre Laurence Olivier Award for Best Entertainment.Performed around the world by Berkoff since 1998 the piece explores and analyses Shakespeare’s most villainous characters including Iago the Macbeths Shylock and Richard III – characters who are inherently evil and whose situation leads them to do evil deeds or who are at the mercy of an evil society.
 Idoru is the second book in William Gibson's Bridge trilogy. Idoru is a science-fiction novel set in a postmodern dystopian cyberpunk future. The main character Colin Laney has a talent for identifying nodal points analogous to Gibson's own:Laney’s node-spotter function is some sort of metaphor for whatever it is that I actually do. There are bits of the literal future right here right now if you know how to look for them. Although I can’t tell you how; it’s a non-rational process.
 The Secret Order of the Gumm Street Girls is a children's novel written by Elise Primavera. The book was published by HarperCollins in 2006.
 Lost Consonants is a comic collage series created by Graham Rawle appearing in Britain's Guardian newspaper from 1990 to 2005. The text and image word play series illustrates a sentence from which one vital letter has been removed altering its meaning.
 Fox Tales is a 1976 anthology of 16 animal-centered fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. These tales are written for a slightly younger level of reader than Manning-Sanders' more familiar A Book of... series of fairy tales.
 Tris's Book a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce tells the story of four young mages as they battle pirates and become closer than ever.
 Tercüman: Halka ve Olaylara was a Turkish daily newspaper. It was founded in 1955 by Kemal Ilıcak (1932 - 1993) and associated with the center-right. The newspaper closed after Ilıcak's death and the name was acquired by the Çukurova Media Group in 1997.
 The Origins of Totalitarianism (German Elemente und Ursprünge totaler Herrschaft i.e. Elements and origins of totalitarian rule) is a book by Hannah Arendt which describes and analyzes the two major totalitarian movements of the 20th century Nazism and Stalinism. Its original title was to have been 'The Burden of Our Times' and it was published as The Burden of Our Time [sic] in Britain in 1951.
 Horizon is a fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold. It is the fourth in the tetralogy The Sharing Knife.
 The Stars That Blink is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It only appears in his short story collection Capitol.
 RESPECT. is a New York-based quarterly hip hop and photojournalism magazine founded in 2009 by Jonathan Rheingold and edited by RapRadar's Elliott Wilson. The publication covers hip hop culture focusing on music photography and style.
 Why We Love Women (Romanian: De ce iubim femeile) is a 2004 short story collection by the Romanian writer Mircea Cărtărescu. The twenty stories all have a female protagonist and had previously been published in the magazine Elle. The book was published in English in 2011 through University of Plymouth Press.
 The Rimers of Eldritch is a play by Lanford Wilson. Set in the mid-20th century in Eldritch Missouri a decaying Bible Belt town that once was a prosperous coal mining community it focuses on the murder of the aging local hermit (Skelly Mannor) by a woman (Nelly Windrod) who mistakenly thought he was committing rape when he actually was trying to prevent one.The play was staged for the first time by the La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club in July 1966.
 ACCESS Magazine publishes research at the University of California Transportation Center. Its goal is to translate academic writing into readable prose that is useful for policymakers and practitioners. Articles in ACCESS are intended to catapult academic research into debates about public policy and convert knowledge into action.
 Nature Reviews Molecular Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed monthly review journal that was established in October 2000 and is published by Nature Publishing Group. It covers all aspects of molecular and cell biology. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal had a 2012 impact factor of 37.162 ranking it first out of 184 journals in the category Cell Biology.
 The Yeti is a magazine published in Tallahassee Florida since 2005. It is published with the help of Florida State University and Campus Progress and is currently edited by Perry Peruccelli.
 High Time to Kill published in 1999 is the fourth novel by Raymond Benson featuring Ian Fleming’s secret agent James Bond (including Benson’s novelization of Tomorrow Never Dies). This is the first James Bond novel copyrighted by Ian Fleming Publications (formerly Glidrose Publications). It was published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam. The novel's working title was A Better Way to Die.
 Number of the Beast is a comic book limited series written by Scott Beatty with art by Chris Sprouse.Number of the Beast was the second of a number bi-weekly series it was preceded by Wildstorm: Revelations which resulted in the relaunch of a number of Wildstorm titles.
 Artemis Fowl: The Last Guardian (Artemis Fowl and the Last Guardian in Europe) is the eighth and final novel in Eoin Colfer's Artemis Fowl series. Colfer had previously alluded to the novel being the final entry when he stated that the previous book The Atlantis Complex was the penultimate in the series. The Last Guardian was released 10 July 2012 by Viking Press and Disney Hyperion. The novel received generally positive reviews.
 Ironwood is a pornographic comic book series written and drawn by Bill Willingham in the 1990s published in the United States by Eros Comix. It ran for 11 issues. The series was collected into two trade paperbacks; volume 1 was published in 1993 (ISBN 1560972041) and volume 2 was published in 1996 (ISBN 156097222X).
 Maps for Lost Lovers is a novel by the British Pakistani writer Nadeem Aslam. Ostensibly about the murder of a pair of lovers the book is in fact a minute dissection of working-class Pakistani immigrant communities that have settled in the north of England over the last 40 years. Aslam spent 11 years writing this book; according to an interview the first chapter alone took him 6 years to complete.
 The Narrative of John Smith (2011) is a novel written in 1883 by Arthur Conan Doyle published posthumously by The British Library. In a work of narrative fiction Doyle writes from the perspective of a middle-aged bachelor named John Smith recovering from rheumatic gout. Unlike his later work in detective fiction fantasy and science fiction this novel unfolds through a series of tangential essay-like thoughts stemming from observations on everyday life.
 Huntin' Fool Magazine is a monthly magazine dedicated to big game hunting in the Western United States. Huntin’ Fool is a resource for non-resident hunters as well as those interested in trophy hunting. The publication focuses on big game hunting in Arizona California Colorado Idaho Kansas Montana Nevada New Mexico Oregon Utah Washington and Wyoming.
 The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish is a book by Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean first published in 1997 by White Wolf Publishing. It was republished in 2004 by Harper Children's with a new cover and afterword.
 The American Journal of Alzheimer's Disease & Other Dementias is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Neurology. The journal's editor is Carol F. Lippa MD (Drexel University College of Medicine). It has been in publication since 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Cover is a news source that covers the covered bond market and provides subscribers with a dedicated daily online news service and breaking news on covered bond issues as they are launched. The Cover's purpose is to provide participants in the covered bond market with a club publication of their own.The Cover is an interactive product which allows readers to comment on articles and issues as they happen.
 Electron User was a magazine targeted at owners of the Acorn Electron microcomputer. It was published by Database Publications of Stockport starting in October 1983 and ending after 82 issues in July 1990.Initially it was included as a 16-page pullout supplement to The Micro User but after four such editions it became a standalone title and within a year had grown to an average length of around 64 pages. The focus was news stories type-in programs and software reviews.
 General Relativity and Gravitation is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. It was established in 1970 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the International Society on General Relativity and Gravitation. The two editors-in-chief are Abhay Ashtekar and Roy Maartens; former editors include George Francis Rayner Ellis and Hermann Nicolai.
 .info (originally INFO=64) was a computer magazine covering Commodore 8-bit computers and later the Amiga. It was published from 1983 to 1992.
 The Wind from Nowhere first published in 1961 is the debut novel by English author J.G. Ballard.
 Executive Orders is a political and military thriller novel by Tom Clancy. It was published in 1996 and is a canonical part of the Jack Ryan universe.
 The Encyclopedia of the Consumer Movement is a 1997 encyclopedia edited by Stephen Brobeck and which describes the history of the consumer movement and other topics related to consumerism.
 Force Heretic: Reunion (also released as Force Heretic III: Reunion) is the third novel in a three-part story by Sean Williams and Shane Dix. Published and released in 2003 it is the nineteenth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 Zorro is a 2005 novel by Chilean author Isabel Allende. Its subject is the pulp hero Diego de la Vega better known as El Zorro (The Fox).The novel takes the form of a biography and represents the first origin story ever undertaken for the character. It represents a prequel to the original Zorro story Johnston McCulley's 1919 novella The Curse of Capistrano. The story incorporates details from a variety of works that have featuring the pulp hero including the 1998 film The Mask of Zorro.
 Phineas Finn is a novel by Anthony Trollope and the name of its leading character. The novel was first published as a monthly serial from October 1867 to May 1868 in St Paul's Magazine. It is the second of the Palliser series of novels.
 Gazette van Detroit (Newspaper of Detroit) is a Flemish newspaper in Dutch and English published in the United States since 13 August 1914. This newspaper has Flemish immigrants and their descendants in the USA and Canada as its targeted audience. However today there is also a growing number of subscribers in Europe - especially Belgium - as well. The parent company is a 501(c)(3) U.S. Internal Revenue Service recognized non-profit called Belgian Publishing Inc.
 Brighton Beach Memoirs is a semi-autobiographical play by Neil Simon the first chapter in what is known as his Eugene trilogy. It precedes Biloxi Blues and Broadway Bound.
 El Día was an influential Uruguayan daily newspaper. It was established in 1886 by the prominent Colorado politician José Batlle y Ordóñez.At the beginning of the 1990s this newspaper was experiencing serious financial troubles and ceased to exist. Its magnificent building was recycled as an entertainment venue.
 The Journal of Cosmology and Astroparticle Physics is an online-only peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on all aspects of cosmology and astroparticle physics. This encompasses theory observation experiment computation and simulation. It has been published jointly by IOP Publishing and the International School for Advanced Studies since 2003.
 Football Digest was a sports magazine for fans interested in professional American football with in-depth coverage of the National Football League.
 Fourteen Hills is the San Francisco State University MFA program literary magazine. Founded in 1994 it publishes poetry fiction short plays and literary nonfiction. The semiannual journal includes experimental and progressive work by emerging and cross-genre writers as well as by award-winning and established authors.Fourteen Hills publishes two titles every year- Fourteen Hills: the SFSU review and the annual winner of the Michael Rubin Chapbook Award. 'Fourteen Hills Vol. 6 No.
 il Firenze is an Italian local daily newspaper owned by the San Marino-based publishing company E Polis and based in Florence Italy. Although it is not a free newspaper 70% of copies are distributed free near very busy locations such as universities railway stations airports and shopping centres. The newspaper is also regularly sold in newsstands.
 Quiet Days in Clichy is a novella written by Henry Miller. It is based on his experience as a Parisian expatriate in the early 1930s when he and Alfred Perlès shared a small apartment in suburban Clichy as struggling writers (at 4 Avenue Anatole-France). It takes place around the time Miller was writing Black Spring. According to his photographer friend George Brassaï Miller admitted the title is “completely misleading.”
 Gray's Anatomy is an English-language human anatomy textbook originally written by Henry Gray. Earlier editions were called Anatomy: Descriptive and Surgical but the book's name is commonly shortened to and later editions are titled Gray's Anatomy. The book is widely regarded as an extremely influential work on the subject and has continued to be revised and republished from its initial publication in 1858 to the present day.
 A Carne (in English: The Flesh) is a 1888 Naturalist novel by Júlio Ribeiro. It is one of the most polemical works of the Brazilian literature being frequently compared and considered as a forerunner to D. H. Lawrence's Lady Chatterley's Lover.
 The Hitch-Hiker is a short story by Welsh author Roald Dahl that was originally published in the July 1977 issue of the Atlantic Monthly and later included in Dahl's short story collection The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More. The story features a man who picks up a hitch-hiker whilst driving to London.
 Shadis was an independent gaming magazine that published articles on role-playing games. Started by Jolly Blackburn it began as an independent gaming fanzine in 1990 and was later transformed into a quality small-press magazine in 1993. Published by Alderac Entertainment Group each issue contained a variety of articles covering many different aspects of role-playing game systems and genres.
 Psychiatry Research: Neuroimaging is a peer-reviewed medical journal and an official publication of the International Society for Neuroimaging in Psychiatry. The editors-in-chief are M.S. Buchsbaum K. Maurer T. Dierks and A. Pfefferbaum and it is published by Elsevier. The journal covers applications of neuroimaging in psychiatric research and clinical practice. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.964.
 A Pail of Air is a science fiction short story by Fritz Leiber which appeared in the December 1951 issue of Galaxy Magazine and was dramatized on the radio show X Minus One in March 1956.
 Classic & Sports Car is a British monthly magazine published by Haymarket Magazines that was launched in May 1982. It concerns itself with classic cars and the people involved in their design and subsequent use particularly in period motorsports; and offers a combination of buying advice car and product tests plus event and auction coverage.
 The Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel first published in 1922 is (chronologically) the last book in the series about the Scarlet Pimpernel's adventures by Baroness Orczy. Again Orczy interweaves historic fact with fiction this time through the real life figures of Thérésa Cabarrus and Jean-Lambert Tallien; inserting the Scarlet Pimpernel as an instigator of the role Tallien played in the Thermidorian Reaction in July 1794.
 Monthly Shōnen Magazine (月刊少年マガジン Gekkan Shōnen Magajin) is a japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Kodansha. Origionally in 1964 it was launch under name Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine (別冊少年マガジン). In 1969 it was retitled as Monthly Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine (月刊別冊少年マガジン) and it's publication frequency increased from quarterly to monthly. After suspention in 1974 it started publidhing again im 1975 it was renamed as current magazine title.
 For the 2009 film adaptation see Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's AssistantThe Vampire's Assistant is the second novel in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan (Whose real name is Darren O'Shaughnessy). It is part of the Vampire Blood trilogy which comprises the three books Cirque Du Freak The Vampire's Assistant and Tunnels of Blood. The Vampire's Assistant was first published in Great Britain by Collins in 2000 and was later published in the Vampire Blood trilogy in 2003.
 Advances in Physiotherapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the science art identity and legitimacy of the physiotherapy profession and discipline within a broad health and social care context.
 Black Sports Magazine was a magazine that launched in April 1971 in New York City and closed later that decade.The magazine was the first major sports magazine aimed specifically at Blacks. The magazine was the brainchild of Allan P. Barron who became President and Editor. Barron teamed with William L. Doneghy who came aboard as Vice-President and Controller. In 1971 Bryant Gumbel became editor of the magazine leaving the following year.The magazine failed in the 1970s.
 Manhattan Nocturne is a crime novel by Colin Harrison set in Manhattan first published in 1996. It involves a New York City newspaper columnist who becomes involved with a woman with a shady past. The novel was published in America in hardcover by Crown and remains in print by Picador in trade paperback. Fifteen foreign paperback and bookclub editions were published and the book was selected a New York Times Notable Book.
 The Ape-Man Within is a 1995 science book by L.
 Everything I'm Cracked Up to Be is a book by Boston Massachusetts-based musician Jen Trynin. The book chronicles her short career as a musician on Warner Bros.
 New Provinces: Poems of Several Authors was an anthology of Canadian poetry published in the 1930s anonymously edited by F. R. Scott assisted by Leo Kennedy and A. J. M. Smith. The first anthology of Canadian modernist poetry it has been hailed as a landmark anthology and a milestone selection of modernist Canadian verse.
 Sustainagility the properties of a system that allow actors to sustain agility has been introduced as the complement of sustainability. Operational criteria and indicators of sustainability tend to focus on 'persistence' while change and agility may at a longer time frame contribute more to high-level sustainability goals.
 The Concordia Blade-Empire is a local newspaper for Concordia Kansas. It is the official newspaper for Cloud County Kansas. The paper publishes five days a week Monday through Friday.
 The Los Angeles Herald-Examiner was one of Los Angeles' oldest newspapers run by the Hearst Corporation.
 Newsweek Pakistan is published by AG Publications a company wholly owned by Associated Group (AG) under license from The Newsweek/Daily Beast Company LLC. The licensing agreement with AG Publications follows similar publishing alliances for Newsweek editions. Newsweek's Asia Pacific edition published in Hong Kong has been available in Pakistan for over 50 years.
 Salvador is a science fiction short story published in 1984 by Lucius Shepard. In 1985 it won the Locus Poll award for Best Short Story the SF Chronicle award for Short Story and was nominated for the Hugo and Nebula awards for Best Short Story.
 Trauma is a 2008 novel by British author Patrick McGrath centered around post-traumatic stress disorder cases as narrated by an American psychiatrist.
 Genetic Epidemiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal for research on the genetic epidemiology of human traits in families and populations. It is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Genetic Epidemiology Society.
 Sitt Marie Rose is a novel by Etel Adnan set before and during the 1975-1990 Lebanese Civil War. It was published in France in 1978 following the publication of an Arabic translation in 1977. It is based on the life of Marie Rose Boulos who was executed by a Christian militia during the conflict. The novel itself acts as a critique of various aspects of Lebanese culture including critiques of xenophobia as well as the role of women.
 Titan is a Locus Award winning 1979 Adult science fiction novel by John Varley the first book in his Gaea Trilogy. It won the 1980 Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and was nominated for both the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1979 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1980.
 First Love (Russian: Первая любовь Pervaya ljubov) is a novella by Ivan Turgenev first published in 1860. It is one of his most popular pieces of short fiction.
 The Journal of the History of Ideas is a peer-reviewed academic journal which publishes research in intellectual history. The journal defines intellectual history expansively and ecumenically and includes the histories of philosophy literature and the arts natural and social sciences religion and political thought.The journal was established in 1940 and has been published by the University of Pennsylvania Press since 2006.
 Angel and the Ape was a humor comic book created by E. Nelson Bridwell published by DC Comics. The characters first appeared in 1968 in Showcase #77 then graduated to their own title with art by comic artist Bob Oksner most often inked by Wally Wood. The title lasted for seven issues changing its name to Meet Angel for its final appearance.
 The Boston Courant is a weekly newspaper in Boston whose coverage focuses on issues of local interest to the Back Bay Beacon Hill Downtown Fenway South End and Waterfront neighborhoods. It has a circulation of over 40000.
 Counter-Clock World is a 1967 science fiction novel by author Philip K. Dick. It was expanded from his short story Your Appointment Will Be Yesterday first published in the August 1966 edition of Amazing Stories.
 Pinups is a triannual artist's publication playing on the historical centerfold practice of nudie magazines by making the centerfold the sole feature. There are no words—just an exaggeration of the classic centerfold. The magazine exists in book form but can be taken apart and tiled to reveal a 70 x 32 image. Pinups is created by Christopher Schulz and printed in New York City.
 Thirteen Reasons Why (stylized as TH1RTEEN R3ASONS WHY) is a 2007 New York Times best-selling young-adult fiction novel written by Jay Asher. The book was published by RazorBill a young adult imprint of Penguin Books. The paperback edition hit #1 on the New York Times bestseller list in July 2011. In May 2011 a website called 13RWProject.com launched where fans of the book can record their reviews and experiences as text photo or video.
 Hate that cat is a blank verse piece written by Sharon Creech and published by HarperCollins. It is written in diary format in the perspective of a young boy who can't stand poetry assignments from his teacher and about another young child that hates a cat but falls in love with one that she hid from her parents in the backyard.
 Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution is a book written by Stephen Knight first published in 1976. It proposed a solution to five murders in Victorian London that were blamed on an unidentified serial killer known as Jack the Ripper.In an attempt to solve the mystery Knight presented an elaborate conspiracy theory involving the British royal family freemasonry and the painter Walter Sickert.
 Steroids is a monthly journal focusing on all aspects of steroid hormones. It has been published since 1963. The editors-in-chief are R.B. Hochberg (Yale University) and W. Rosner (St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.803 ranking it 57th out of 122 journals in the category Endocrinology and Metabolism.
 Just Me and My Dad is a Little Critter book by Mercer Mayer; second in the series after Just for You. The story takes place when Little Critter and his dad go camping in the woods. He and his dad have a few misfortunes during their trip like Little Critter having trouble setting up the tent and a bear taking their freshly caught fish away from them.
 The Sociological Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of sociology including anthropology criminology philosophy education gender medicine and organization.
 Heart of Gold is a science fiction novel by Sharon Shinn published in 2000. The story occurs on an unnamed world in an unnamed city where three races (indigo gulden and albino) live together.
 Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is historical fiction. It is a bestselling novel (2009) by Jamie Ford about the love and friendship between Henry Lee a Chinese boy and Keiko Okabe a Japanese girl during the Japanese internment in World War II.Henry meets a girl named Keiko. Soon Henry and Keiko bond. The two become very close friends even though both are bullied due to race. Henry is filleiel piety to his parents.
 Essays in Self-criticism (French: Eléments d'autocritique) is one of the chief works of Louis Althusser first published in 1974. An English translation by Grahame Lock was published in 1976.
 The Captain's Daughter (Russian: Капитанская дочка Kapitanskaya dochka) is a historical novel by the Russian writer Alexander Pushkin. It was first published in 1836 in the fourth issue of the literary journal Sovremennik. The novel is a romanticized account of Pugachev's Rebellion in 1773-1774.
 The Search for the Red Dragon by James A. Owen is a fantasy novel released on January 1 2008. It is the second book in The Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica. It is preceded by Here There Be Dragons and followed by The Indigo King.
 Ghostly Haunts was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1971 to 1978. The book was hosted by Winnie the Witch a moddish blue-skinned witch.Ghostly Haunts was part of a wave of new horror and suspense comics published by Charlton during this period. Its sister titles with many of the same creators were the Charlton anthologies The Many Ghosts of Doctor Graves (with host Dr. M.T. Graves) Ghostly Tales (with I.M. Dedd) Ghost Manor (with host Mr.
 The Mt. Vernon Register-News is a daily newspaper (except Sunday) serving Mount Vernon Illinois. The newspaper's marketing slogan is We Are Mt. Vernon. Former owner Thomson sold the paper to Hollinger in 1996. CNHI acquired the paper in 2000.
 The Wolf Worlds is the second book of Chris Bunch and Allan Cole's The Sten Adventures.
 The Art of War is a graphic novel written and storyboarded by Kelly Roman with art by Michael DeWeese. The book was published as a paperback original by Harper Perennial on July 31 2012. The graphic novel adapts Sun Tzu’s original The Art of War into a science fiction story that follows an ex-soldier who works in a militarized financial world dominated by the Chinese government.
 The Pepperdine Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Pepp. L. Rev.) is a student-edited law journal published by the Pepperdine University School of Law. It is available on Westlaw and LexisNexis.
 The Bog People: Iron-Age Man Preserved is an archaeological study of the bog bodies of Northern Europe written by the Danish archaeologist P.V. Glob. First published in 1965 by Gyldendal under the Danish title of Mosefolket: Jernalderens Mennersker bevaret i 2000 År it was translated into English by the English archaeologist Rupert Bruce-Mitford and published by Faber and Faber in 1969.
 Weekly Asahi Geinō (週刊アサヒ芸能 Shūkan Asahi Geinō) often shortened to simply Asahi Geinō or Asagei (アサ芸) is a shūkanshi founded by Hirotomo Takei and published by Tokuma Shoten in Japan. It was first published under the title Weekly Asahi Geinō Newspaper (週刊アサヒ芸能新聞 Shūkan Asahi Geinō Shinbun) in January 1946 though the title and size were changed to the current one in October 1956.
 Claymore (クレイモア Kureimoa) is a dark fantasy manga series written and illustrated by Norihiro Yagi. The series initially premiered in the now defunct Monthly Shōnen Jump in the May 2001 issue. When the magazine was canceled in June 2007 the series was temporarily moved to Weekly Shōnen Jump where it was still published monthly. When Jump Square was introduced in November 2007 the series was moved to it.
 Affluenza: The All-Consuming Epidemic is a 2001 anti-consumerist book by John de Graaf environmental scientist David Wann and economist Thomas H. Naylor. Viewing consumerism (with its accompanying overwork and dissatisfaction) as a deliberately spread disease the book consists of three parts — symptoms origins and treatment.
 Maaleht is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Captain Pugwash is a fictional pirate in a series of British children's comic strips and books created by John Ryan.
 Half Broke Horses is a 2009 novel by Jeannette Walls detailing the life of her grandmother Lily Casey Smith.
 The Dreamer (Indonesian: Sang Pemimpi) is the second novel in the tetralogy Laskar Pelangi by Andrea Hirata published by Bentang Pusaka in July 2006. In this novel Hirata explores the relationship of friendship and brotherhood between Ikal and Arai.
 The Truth About Markets: Why Some Nations are Rich but Most Remain Poor is a book by economist John Kay published in 2003 by Allen Lane.
 Hawkmistress! is a fantasy novel written by Marion Zimmer Bradley as part of the Darkover series and is set at the end of Ages of Chaos in the period of Darkover's history known as the Hundred Kingdoms. Chapters 35 and 46–50 of Zandru's Forge overlap with the story in Hawkmistress.In Hawkmistress! Bradley explores issues regarding the right to self-determination of minors the place of women in a traditional society and the conflicts between Darkover's two major religious belief systems.
 The Mouse and the Motorcycle is a children's novel written by Beverly Cleary and published in 1965.
 Not Long for this World is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1948 and was the author's third collection published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 2067 copies.Most of the stories had originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 The Charlemagne Pursuit is Steve Berry's seventh novel and is the fourth adventure for former U.S. Justice Department Operative turned Antiquarian book dealer Cotton Malone. It was released on December 9 2008.
 Perfect Match (2002) is a novel by Jodi Picoult. It deals with family issues and crime primarily child sexual abuse and murder. It is one of Picoult's only novels not to follow her typical back-and-forth flashback format.
 Heaven is for Real: A Little Boy's Astounding Story of His Trip to Heaven and Back is a 2010 New York Times best-selling Christian book written by Todd Burpo and Lynn Vincent. It was published by Thomas Nelson Publishers. The book documents the report of a near-death experience by Burpo's then-four-year-old son Colton. The book tells how the boy began saying he had visited heaven.By April 2012 over one million ebooks had been sold. A movie based on the book was released on April 16 2014.
 The Marietta Daily Journal (MDJ) is a daily newspaper published in Marietta Georgia. It has a daily paid circulation of approximately 17000 copies and covers local national and international news. It is the primary local newspaper of Cobb County Georgia (of which Marietta is the county seat largest city and geographic center) second only to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution which covers all of metro Atlanta and previously most of north Georgia.
 Tros of Samothrace is a historical novel with fantasy elements by author Talbot Mundy. It was published in 1934 by Appleton-Century. The novel was constructed of novellas which first appeared in the magazine Adventure in 1925-1926.Mundy dedicated Tros of Samothrace to his friend Rose Wilder Lane who hadsupported its book publication.
 Homo Sapiens Berliner Art Is the first episode of a semi-autobiographic series of satirical novels by German writer Albrecht Behmel.
 San Jose Mercury News West Magazine also referred to as West and West Magazine was a Sunday magazine published by San Jose Mercury News. Jeffrey Klein served as the magazine's editor-in-chief in 1993 and left that year to become editor-in-chief of Mother Jones. He was replaced by Mercury News columnist Pat Dillon. Dillon left in 1994 to pursue work on a book and West former medical reporter and magazine writer Fran Smith took over as the next editor-in-chief.
 The Firm of Girdlestone is a novel by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in 1890 by Chatto and Windus in London England. In 1915 a silent film adaptation The Firm of Girdlestone was made.
 The Final Key is a science fiction novel in the Saga of the Skolian Empire a series of books by American writer Catherine Asaro. As the direct sequel to Schism it tells the story of a major Eubian assault against the Skolian government and Eldrinson's rise from a rustic farmer to a member of the powerful imperial Triad.
 Black Enterprise is a monthly U.S. magazine which describes itself as the premier business news and investment resource for African Americans and claims a readership of 3.7 million. It was founded in 1970 by Earl G. Graves Sr. The publication is known for its annual listing of the largest African-American firms in the country or B.E. 100's. Some of the writers include Judith Jamison Ashanti White and Alfred A. Edmond Jr.
 The Roanoke-Chowan News-Herald is a newspaper that serves the rural North Carolina communities of Bertie Hertford Northampton and Gates counties including the towns of Ahoskie Murfreesboro and Windsor.The paper gets its name from the location of its primary region of distribution between the Roanoke River and Chowan River in Northeastern North Carolina a location that includes Bertie Hertford and Northampton counties.The inclusion of Gates County is the result of a merger with the Gates County Index.[citation needed]One interesting feature of the newspaper is they have been known to cite Wikipedia as a source.
 Seikyo Shinbun (聖教新聞 Seikyō Shinbun literally newspaper of the teaching of the saint) is a religious newspaper with a national distribution in Japan.
 '—All You Zombies—' is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein. It was written in one day July 11 1958 and first published in the March 1959 issue of Fantasy and Science Fiction magazine after being rejected by Playboy. The story involves a number of paradoxes caused by time travel.
 Tengai Retrogical (天外レトロジカル Tengai Retorojikaru subtitled How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Crisis) is an ongoing manga written and illustrated by Rin Asano. The manga was licensed in the US by ADV Manga. As of March 2009 Mag Garden has released 7 bound volumes of the manga.
 Martians Go Home is a science fiction comic novel written by Fredric Brown and published by E. P. Dutton in 1955. The novel concerns a writer who witnesses an alien invasion of Earth by boorish little green men from Mars.
 The Edinburgh Advertiser was a twice-weekly newspaper published in Edinburgh Scotland on Tuesday and Friday mornings for almost a century. At the time of its inception it was the only newspaper published on these days of the week in Edinburgh. It ran from 3 January 1764 until 29 March 1859 when it merged with the Edinburgh Evening Courant. Through the years its offices were located at Castlehill; No. 91 Rose Street; No.
 Patterns of Force is the third book in Michael Reaves' series Coruscant Nights. It was released on January 27 2009.
 Neuroinformatics is a scientific journal published by Springer under the imprint Humana Press. As the title indicates it publishes articles about neuroinformatics.The journal is indexed in a wide range of bibliographic databases e.g. PubMed.The Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports impact factor was reported to be just above 3 in 2012while Google Scholar reported its h5-index to be 20 in December 2013.It has 3 Editors-in-Chiefs: Giorgio A. Ascoli Erik De Schutter and David N.
 The Swing in the Garden first published in 1975 by Oberon is the fifth novel by Canadian author Hugh Hood and the first in his ambitious 12-novel cycle The New Age.
 Glue is a 2001 novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh. Glue tells the stories of four Scottish boys over four decades through the use of different perspectives and different voices.
 Faithworks was an evangelical Christian magazine published quarterly in England by Christian Communications Partnership (CCP) Ltd. The magazine was launched in 2007 in association with the Faithworks movement. The movement was founded in 2001 by Oasis Trust to raise awareness of the role the Church plays within local communities.
 Riotous Assembly is the debut novel of British comic writer Tom Sharpe written and originally published in 1971. Set in the fictitious South African town of Piemburg Riotous Assembly lampoons South African apartheid and the police who enforced it.
 Geometric and Functional Analysis (GAFA) (ISSN 1016-443X) is a mathematical journal published by Birkhäuser an independent division of Springer-Verlag.
 Texas Family Magazine is a bi-monthly American magazine published in Sugar Land Texas. It is a self-styled parenting handbook with content focused on parenting health education and fashion. Some of the notable past covers of Texas Family have included Debbie and Roger Clemens Joel and Victoria Osteen Dana Vollmer Ricardo Chavira Laura Miller and Whitney Ott.
 One of publisher Metroland Media's oldest newspapers the weekly Renfrew Mercury was first published in 1871.
 The Hub was founded by London-based Tolu Adeko an entrepreneur with a background in interior design.
 Agder Flekkefjords Tidende is the local newspaper for the southern Norwegian town of Flekkefjord and the surrounding region of western Vest Agder and eastern Rogaland. The first newspaper printed in Flekkefjord was called Agdesidens Budstikke in 1851. This newspaper was published twice weekly and ended circulation after only one year.Agder Flekkefjords Tidende was first published on 25 April 1877. The founders were two schoolteachers Ole Fuglestvedt and Nicolai Just.
 To Crush the Moon is a 2005 hard science fiction novel by Wil McCarthy the last in the four-part Queendom of Sol series. It was nominated for the 2007 Nebula Award for Best Novel.
 Kick-Ass 2 is a comic book series by Mark Millar and John Romita Jr. It takes place chronologically after the Hit-Girl comic book series. The story follows the main character Kick-Ass who is trying to form a team of real life superheroes while concurrently preparing for the arrival of The Red Mist (now known as The Motherfucker) – an enemy character who has been gathering a team of supervillains in order to defeat both Kick-Ass and Hit-Girl.
 Functional Ecology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal on organismal ecology publishing papers on physiological behavioural and evolutionary ecology emphasising an integrative approach. The scope of the journal has changed over time. A recent editorial stated that the journal is increasing its coverage of community evolutionary and ecosystem ecology. The journal was established in 1987 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Ecological Society.
 Kai Lung's Golden Hours is a fantasy novel by Ernest Bramah. It was first published in hardcover in London by Grant Richards Ltd. in October 1922 and there have been numerous editions since. The first edition included a preface by Hilaire Belloc which has also been a feature of every edition since. Its importance in the history of fantasy literature was recognized by its reissuing by Ballantine Books as the forty-fifth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in April 1972.
 Dark Fire is a historical mystery novel by British author C. J. Sansom. It is Sansom's second novel released in 2004 and also the second in the Matthew Shardlake series. Set in the 16th century during the reign of Tudor King Henry VIII it follows hunchbacked lawyer Shardlake's search to recover the long-lost formula for Greek fire.The novel was awarded the Crime Writers' Association Ellis Peters Historical Dagger award in 2005.
 The G-String Murders is a 1941 detective novel written by famed American burlesque performer Gypsy Rose Lee. There have been claims made that the novel was in fact written by Craig Rice but others have suggested that there is enough documented evidence in the form of manuscripts and correspondence to prove Lee wrote at least a large portion if not the whole of the novel herself under the tutelage of editor/friend George Davis with some essential guidance from her good friend Rice.
 Crazy Lady! is a children's novel written by Jane Leslie Conly. It was published in 1993 and was one of the Newbery Honor books of 1994.
 Packaging Machinery Technology (ISSN-1556-1658) is a trade publication and web site owned by PMMI the services the information needs of packaging and packaging machinery manufacturers and packaging engineers in the United States and Canada.Circulation is about 35000 copies per issue. The editorial director is Maria Ferrante with the editorial offices located in Paoli PA.
 The Gates Ajar is an 1868 religious novel by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps (later Elizabeth Phelps Ward) that was immensely popular following its publication. It was the second best-selling religious novel of the 19th century. 80000 copies were sold in America by 1900; 100000 were sold in England during the same time period. Sequels Beyond the Gates (1883) and The Gates Between (1887) were also bestsellers and the three together are referred to as the author's Spiritualist novels.
 The Bournemouth Daily Echo commonly known as the Daily Echo (aka the Bournemouth Echo) is a local newspaper that covers the area of southeast Dorset England including the towns of Poole Bournemouth Christchurch.
 European Vibe is a popular free monthly magazine published in Madrid. It is the first full colour English language magazine published in Madrid and it was first published in September 2006.
 James Weams' Tyneside Song Book 1887 is a chapbook style songbook giving the lyrics of local now historical songs. It was published by John B. Barnes Printer 5 Groat Market Newcastle in 1887.
 Take Me Where the Good Times Are is a novel by Robert Cormier. First published in 1965 it is Cormier's third novel.
 Deadly Hands of Kung Fu is a martial arts comic book magazine published by Curtis Magazines a short-lived imprint of Marvel Comics. There were a total of 33 issues published plus one Special Album Edition before the series was cancelled.
 Moments in a Lifetime is a biographical/autiobiographical book about the Irish band Clannad written by Barbara Bennett with band member Noel Duggan. The book was published to coincide with Clannad's 2008 tour of Britain and Ireland. The book contains exclusive photographs and accounts of touring and recording as a band.Press release at Appletree Press:It is often wisely quoted that to truly understand the present one needs to reflect on the past.
 Now I Can Die in Peace: How ESPN's Sports Guy Found Salvation With a Little Help From Nomar Pedro Shawshank and the 2004 Red Sox is a 2006 sports anthology of original columns written by ESPN sports writer Bill Simmons. Simmons a passionate Boston Red Sox fan chronicles the team's 2004 season and 2004 World Series win.
 The Magic Thief is the first book in a children's fantasy trilogy published by HarperCollins in June 2008. Authored by American Sarah Prineas and illustrated by Antonio Javier Caparo the novel follows the adventures of Connwaer a thief who is taken into apprenticeship by Nevery Flinglas an old wizard.The sequels The Magic Thief: Lost was published in June 2009 followed by The Magic Thief: Found in May 2010.
 The Mistress of the Inn (Italian: La locandiera) also translated as The Innkeeper Woman or Mirandolina (after the play's main character) is a 1753 three-act comedy by the Italian playwright Carlo Goldoni about a coquette. The play has been regarded as his masterpiece. Frederick Davies describes it as Goldoni's Much Ado About Nothing.
 Sennin Buraku (仙人部落  roughly Hermit Village) is a manga series by Kō Kojima which runs in the adult magazine Weekly Asahi Geinō published by Tokuma Shoten in Japan. It is the longest running comic with only one artist being published weekly since October 1956 and the longest-running strip ever in Japan.
 The Trials of Rumpole is a collection of short stories by John Mortimer adapted from scripts for his TV series about Horace Rumpole.The stories are:Rumpole and the Age for RetirementRumpole and the Case of Identity Rumpole and the Course of True LoveRumpole and the Fascist BeastRumpole and the Man of GodRumpole and the Showfolk↑
 Philip Hall Likes Me I Reckon Maybe is a children's novel written by Bette Greene that was awarded a Newbery Honor in 1975. The book was published in 1974 by Puffin Books. It is the first of three novels to feature protagonist Beth Lambert and her friend Philip Hall. The sequels are titled Get On Out of Here Philip Hall and I've Already Forgotten Your Name Philip Hall.The book is set in rural Arkansas in the late 20th century.
 Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism by Chögyam Trungpa is a self-help book addressing many common pitfalls of self-deception in seeking spirituality which the author coins as Spiritual materialism. The book is the transcript of two series of lectures given by Trungpa Rinpoche in 1970-71 and is considered one of Trungpa's seminal works by his publisher Shambhala Publications.In Psychology Today Michael J.
 Woken Furies (2005) is the third published science fiction novel by Richard Morgan. It is a sequel to Broken Angels and features the anti-hero Takeshi Kovacs.This addition to the series casts light upon Kovacs' early life providing information on his post-envoy activities.Morgan's official website and interviews suggest that Woken Furies could be the last Kovacs novel.
 Seven Days in New Crete also known as Watch the North Wind Rise is a seminal future-utopian speculative fiction novel by Robert Graves first published in 1949. It shares many themes and ideas with Graves' The White Goddess published a year earlier.
 Mots D'Heures: Gousses Rames: The D'Antin Manuscript (Mother Goose's Rhymes) published in 1967 by Luis d'Antin van Rooten is purportedly a collection of poems written in archaic French with learned glosses. In fact they are English-language nursery rhymes written homophonically as a nonsensical French text that is an English-to-French homophonic translation.
 Meliton is a novella by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin. Dated as 1900-1930 in The Complete Bunin (Petropolis Berlin 1935 and Moscow 1965) it was first published in the 1901 #7 (July) issue of Saint Petersburg magazine Zhurnal dlya vsekh (Journal For Everyone) originally under the title Skete (Скит). Working on the Primal Love (Начальная любовь) compilation Bunin changed the story’s title into Meliton (after its main character's first name).
 Anakin's Quest is the fourth volume in the Junior Jedi Knights series. It was written by Rebecca Moesta in 1997.
 My Swordhand Is Singing is a novel written by Marcus Sedgwick set in the early 17th century. It won the 2007 Booktrust Teenage Prize.The novel is inspired by the original vampire folklore of Eastern Europe. The novel follows the story of Peter the son of drunkard woodcutter Tomas and his life in the seemingly normal village of Chust. He and his father travel from place to place living a nomadic life. They have been working in Chust for over a year when things start to happen.
 Alice's Adventures in Wonderland retold in words of one syllable is a retelling by J. C. Gorham of Lewis Carroll's novel written in 1905 and published by A. L. Burt of New York. It is one of a series of One Syllable Books published by Burt which were selected specially for young people's reading and told in simple language for youngest readers.
 The Dark Side of the Sun is a science fiction novel by Terry Pratchett first published in 1976. It is similar to the work of Isaac Asimov. According to Don D'Ammassa both this and Pratchett's 1981 sci-fi novel Strata are spoofing parts of Larry Niven's Ringworld. The holiday of Hogswatch which appears in the Discworld books is celebrated by the characters in The Dark Side of the Sun.
 Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka (あかね色に染まる坂 lit. The Hill Dyed Rose Madder) also known in short as Akasaka is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Feng and first released for the PC as a DVD on July 27 2007. A version without adult content was released under the title Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka: Parallel on July 31 2008 by GN Software for the PlayStation 2.
 Wilbur Kookmeyer is the title character of a cartoon strip by Bob Penuelas which first appeared in Surfer magazine in 1986.Wilbur is a kook a wanna-be surfer of limited skill. He wants to be cool but remains dorky.Penuelas created Wilbur as a response to cynical commercialism that got into surfing in the early 1980s.Wilbur started in 1985 as a character in the cartoon Maynard and the Rat in Surfer magazine and was so popular the strip was renamed.
 Communication Monographs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on human communication. Articles cover areas such as media studies interpersonal and relational communication organizational and group communication health and family communication rhetoric language and social interaction intercultural communication and cultural studies. The journal is published by Routledge on behalf of the National Communication Association and the editor is Katherine Miller.
 Gazeta de Transilvania was the first Romanian-language newspaper to be published in Transylvania. It was founded by George Bariţ in 1838 in Braşov. It played a very important role in the awakening of the Romanian national conscience in Transylvania and sowed the seeds for the revolution of 1848.
 Grand Dolls (グランドール Guran Dōru) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1968.
 Roger Burrows (born 19 July 1945 Evesham Worcestershire) is a British writer working in the fields of geometry design and architectural form; a developer of interactive learning products; an inventor of various technologies. He has published numerous books and is best known for his series of geometric design books developed with Dr. Ensor Holiday and published under the names Altair Designs and Images: The Ultimate Coloring Experience.
 The Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph founded by William Brown (c. 1737–1789) as the Quebec Gazette on 21 June 1764 is the oldest newspaper in Quebec. It is currently published as an English language weekly from its offices at 1040 Belvédère suite 218 Quebec City Quebec Canada.Formerly a bilingual French-English publication the Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph celebrated its 245th anniversary in 2009.
 History of the DC Universe is a two-issue comic book limited series created by Marv Wolfman and George Pérez and published by DC Comics following the end of Crisis on Infinite Earths.
 The Throne of Fire is a 2011 fantasy adventure novel written by Rick Riordan. It is the second novel in The Kane Chronicles series which tells of the adventures of modern day fourteen-year-old Carter Kane and his thirteen-year-old sister - Sadie Kane as they discover that they are descended from the ancient Egyptian pharaohs Narmer and Ramesses the Great. It was released on May 3 2011. The book takes place roughly three months after the first book The Red Pyramid.
 The Journal of Biology (JBiol) was a scientific journal published by BioMed Central. It was launched in 2002 with the aim to provide an open-access alternative to biology journals with high-impact factor such as Nature Science and Cell. Because of stringent selection criteria it published only a few research articles per year in 2007 for instance only four with the rest being comment and short review articles.[1].
 Cart and Cwidder is a fantasy novel for young adults by the British author Diana Wynne Jones. It is the first book published in the Dalemark Quartet although chronologically it is the third in the series coming in time hundreds of years after The Spellcoats and a year or so after Drowned Ammet.
 The Passion of Ayn Rand is a biography of Ayn Rand by writer and lecturer Barbara Branden a former friend and business associate. Published by Doubleday in 1986 it was the first full-length biography of Rand and was the basis for the 1999 film of the same name with Helen Mirren playing the part of Rand.
 Children of the Dust is a post-apocalyptic dystopian novel written by Louise Lawrence published in 1985. The book details three generations of a family during the aftermath of a nuclear war. The survivors of the blast suffer through radiation nuclear winter feuds between rival groups and radiation-induced mutations eventually evolving into a new species Homo superior.
 Kamen Rider SPIRITS (仮面ライダーSPIRITS Kamen Raidā Supirittsu trans. Masked Rider Spirits) is an ongoing manga adaptation of the popular Kamen Rider franchise by Kenichi Muraeda. The focus of the story is on the original ten Kamen Riders with shifting focus on main characters. The original series ended when Magazine Z ceased publication and was then revived in Monthly Shōnen Magazine under the title Shin Kamen Rider SPIRITS (新・仮面ライダーSPIRITS Shin Kamen Raidā Supirittsu New Masked Rider SPIRITS).
 HaBoker (Hebrew: הבוקר‎ lit. The Morning) was a Hebrew-language daily newspaper in Mandate Palestine and Israel associated with the General Zionists.The paper was established in 1935 by the right-wing of the General Zionists with the first edition published on 11 October that year.
 Télé Poche (literally Pocket TV) is a weekly television listings magazine published by Mondadori France. Created by Franco-Italian editor Cino Del Duca Télé Poche was launched on 12 January 1966 by Cora-Révillon's Mondiales subsidiary.The magazine takes its name from its original digest size format (13.8 x 20.9 cm 5.4 x 8.2 inches) half the size of traditional magazines.
 Life: A Natural History of the First Four Billion Years of Life on Earth is a non-fiction book written by British paleontologist Richard A. Fortey. It was originally published in hardcover in Great Britain by HarperCollins Publishers under the title Life: An Unauthorised Biography. Fortey used this book to explain how life has evolved over the last four billion years. It discusses evolution biology the origin of life and paleontology.
 Frost at Christmas (1984) is the first of the series of novels written by R. D. Wingfield the creator of the character Detective Inspector Jack Frost who is more famously known in the television series A Touch of Frost where the character is played by Sir David Jason. This novel was adapted in to the TV episode 'Care and Protection' which was also the first in the series.
 The Beijing Youth Daily (Chinese: 北京青年报; pinyin: běijìng qīngnián bào) is the official newspaper of the Communist Youth League committee in Beijing. It was established in March 1949 and is now published by the Beijing Youth Daily Publishing Company. It is Beijing's most widely circulated metropolitan newspaper.[citation needed]Beijing Youth Daily has halted production three times in its history.
 The Stanly News and Press is a newspaper published on Tuesday Thursday and Sunday located in Stanly County North Carolina.
 Mr. Tot aĉetas mil okulojn (Mr. Tot buys a thousand eyes) is the third novel originally written in Esperanto by Jean Forge. It appeared in 1931. It is a fantasy adventure novel. The author's previous excessive use of suffixes most noticeable in his previous work Saltego trans Jarmiloj disappears in this novel.A detective novel but not a hair raising bloody fantasy.
 Nuclear Medicine and Biology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier that covers research on all aspects of nuclear medicine including radiopharmacology radiopharmacy and clinical studies of targeted radiotracers. It is the official journal of the Society of Radiopharmaceutical Sciences . According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 3.023.
 Antigone (/ænˈtɪɡəniː/ an-TIG-ə-nee Ancient Greek: Ἀντιγόνη) is a tragedy by Sophocles written in or before 441 BC. Chronologically it is the third of the three Theban plays but was written first. The play expands on the Theban legend that predated it and picks up where Aeschylus' Seven Against Thebes ends.
 Ordered to die: a history of the Ottoman army in the First World War is an account of the Ottoman Empire's military engagements in World War I (specifically the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I) fought between the Allies (led by Britain and Russia) and the Central Powers. It was written by Edward J. Erickson. It is widely considered an extensive analysis and regarded as one of the objective scholarly works of military history of the period.
 The Farthest Shore is a fantasy novel by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin first published by Atheneum in 1972. It was her third novel set in the fictional archipelago Earthsea and it completed the so-called Earthsea Trilogy (1968 to 1972).Its events take place about two decades after The Tombs of Atuan.The Farthest Shore won the 1973 National Book Award in category Children's Books.It is the Earthsea story that inspired the Studio Ghibli animated film Tales from Earthsea.[citation needed]
 The Interesting Narrative of the Life of Olaudah Equiano Or Gustavus Vassa The African first published in 1789 is the autobiography of Olaudah Equiano. The book describes Equiano's time spent in slavery and documents his attempts at becoming an independent man through his study of the Bible and his eventual success in gaining his own freedom and in business thereafter.
 The Strange Message in the Parchment is the fifty-fourth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1974 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams. A sheep farmer receives a mysterious telephone call shortly after he buys a series of pictures painted on parchment. Decipher the message in the parchment and right a great wrong the voice says.
 Mr S and the Secrets of Andorra's Box is a 2008 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the eighth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 Encounter in the Dawn is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke published in 1953 in the magazine Amazing Stories. It was originally collected in the anthology Expedition to Earth and in one edition of the book is titled Expedition to Earth. In a later collection the title Encounter at Dawn is used.
 Campaign is the leading weekly UK trade magazine published by the Haymarket Media Group about the advertising and commercial media industry known as the Bible of British adland.The magazine was originally published by the British Printing Corporation and titled World's Press News and in the late 1960s was struggling to find a market but Michael Heseltine then acquired it for Haymarket and hired Maurice Saatchi to rebrand and relaunch the magazine with design by Roland Schenk upon which it became an immediate success.
 The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie is a mystery by Alan Bradley published in 2009. Set in the English countryside in 1950 it features Flavia de Luce an 11-year-old amateur sleuth who pulls herself away from her beloved chemistry lab in order to clear her father in a murder investigation. First-time novelist Bradley wrote the book after winning the 2007 Debut Dagger Award and selling the publishing rights in 3 countries based on the first chapter and a synopsis.
 Terrorizer is an extreme music magazine published by Dark Arts Ltd. in the United Kingdom. It is released every four weeks with thirteen issues a year and features a Fear Candy covermount CD a twice yearly Fear Candy Unsigned CD and a double-sided poster.
 Little Fluffy Gigolo Pelu (ファンシージゴロ ペル Fanshī Jigoro Peru a.k.a. Fancy Gigolo Pelu) is a three tankōbon manga series written and illustrated by Junko Mizuno and published by Enterbrain. The series has been licensed in North America and France where the first volume received mostly positive reviews.
 Les clefs de babel (literally The keys of Babel) is a French language children's novel written by Carina Rozenfeld. The book was published in 2009 by Syros and features in a children's book collection organised by Denis Guiot called Soon.
 Bayerisches Volksecho ('Bavarian People's Echo') was a German language daily newspaper published from Munich West Germany between June 1951 to August 17 1956. Bayerisches Volksecho was the regional organ of the Communist Party of Germany in Bavaria. As of 1955 the newspaper had a daily circulation of around 50000. Bayerisches Volksecho was banned along with the Communist Party in 1956.
 The Compleat Enchanter: The Magical Misadventures of Harold Shea is an omnibus collection of three classic fantasy stories by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt gathering material previously published in two volumes as The Incomplete Enchanter (1941) and The Castle of Iron (1950) the first two books in their Harold Shea series with the essay Fletcher and I de Camp's paean to his deceased collaborator.
 Spider-Men is a five-issue 2012 superhero comic book miniseries published by Marvel Comics featuring Peter Parker the original Spider-Man and Miles Morales the second and current Ultimate Marvel version of Spider-Man who appear together in a crossover storyline that involves the two alternate universes from which they each originate. The series is written by Brian Michael Bendis and illustrated by Sara Pichelli.
 The Innocent is a 1990 novel by British writer Ian McEwan.
 Chaika - The Coffin Princess (棺姫のチャイカ Hitsugi no Chaika) is a Japanese light novel series written by Ichirō Sakaki and illustrated by Namaniku ATK. As of January 2014 eight volumes have been published by Fujimi Shobo under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint. It has been adapted into three manga series. An anime adaptation was announced on July 2013.
 World Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering political science and international relations. It is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Princeton Institute for International and Regional Affairs. Before 2003 it was sponsored by Princeton's Center of International Studies and before 1951 by the Yale Institute of International Studies. It was established in 1948 and the editor-in-chief is Deborah J. Yashar (Princeton University).
 Academic Emergency Medicine is a monthly peer reviewed medical journal published by Wiley on behalf of the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine. The editor in chief is David C. Cone. Coverage includes basic science clinical research education information and clinical practice related to emergency medicine.
 Great American City: Chicago and the Enduring Neighborhood Effect is a book written by sociologist Robert J. Sampson and released in 2012 by the University of Chicago Press.
 The Andover Review was a religious and theological periodical published from 1884 to 1893. It defined itself as standing for thoroughly progressive orthodoxy and was contributed to primarily from the ranks of the faculty of Andover Theological Seminary. Originally published monthly it changed to bi-monthly format for its last year of publication.
 Kiplinger's Personal Finance (KIP-ling-ers) is a magazine that has been continuously published on a monthly basis from 1947 to the present day.[citation needed] It was the nation's first personal finance magazine and claims to deliver sound unbiased advice in clear concise language.[citation needed] It offers tips and tricks on managing money and achieving financial security as well as information and practical guidance on saving investing planning for retirement paying for college and buying automobiles homes and other major purchases. 
 Empire State of Mind: How Jay-Z Went From Street Corner to Corner Office is a non-fiction book written by Zack O'Malley Greenburg published in March 2011. The book is an unauthorized biography of American rapper and businessman Jay-Z detailing his road to success in business and music. The title of the book is a reference to Empire State of Mind a 2009 single by Jay-Z featuring Alicia Keys. This is Greenburg's first book.
 Chéri is a novel by Colette first published in French in 1920. The title character's true name is Fred Peloux but he is known as Chéri to almost everyone except usually to his wife. This novel was followed by a sequel La Fin de Chéri published in 1926.
 The Journal of Behavioral Medicine is an interdisciplinary medical journal published by Springer addressing the interactions of the behavioral sciences with other fields of medicine.
 The City is an 1894 poem by Constantin Cavafy. Originally written in Greek an English translation appears in the appendix of the Lawrence Durrell novel Justine (Faber and Faber 1957); Cavafy is a character in the work. The narrator of Justine refers to his translation of the poem The City as by no means literal (page 221).
 Le Dauphiné libéré is a provincial daily French newspaper known for its emphasis on local news and events.
 Cyclops Shōjo Saipu (サイクロプス少女さいぷ～) is a 4-panel manga series written and illustrated by Yasu Tora. It was adapted into an original net animation (ONA) in 2013. The comedy focuses on the adventures of a middle school girl nicknamed Saipu (さいぷ saipu) based on cyclops (サイクロプス saikuropusu) because of her height and because her hair shows one of her eyes.
 Five Go to Billycock Hill is the sixteenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1957.
 After Silence is a novel by the American writer Jonathan Carroll published in 1994. It tells the story of a successful cartoonist who fell in love with a woman. Later he discovers many secrets including a crime of the woman and is confused about what to do.
 Rabotnitsa (Russian: Работница; English: The Woman Worker) is a women's journal published in the Soviet Union and Russia and one of the oldest Russian magazines for women and families. Founded in 1914 and first published on Women's Day it is the first socialist women's journal and the most politically left of the women's periodicals.
 The Young Unicorns (1968 ISBN 0-374-38778-8) is the title of a young adult suspense novel by Madeleine L'Engle. It is the third novel about the Austin family taking place between the events of The Moon by Night (1963) and A Ring of Endless Light (1980). Unlike those two novels and Meet the Austins (1960) it does not center on Vicky Austin specifically but on a family friend Josiah Dave Davidson.
 Bias in Mental Testing is a book by Arthur Jensen about bias in IQ tests.
 Der Kampf was a newspaper published in Luxembourg by the Communist Party of Luxembourg between 1920 and 1922.
 The Cadillac Evening News is a daily newspaper in Cadillac Michigan. The newspaper started publishing in 1872 and serves Wexford Osceola Missaukee and eastern Lake Counties.
 Crooked Little Vein is the first novel by established comic book writer Warren Ellis published by William Morrow in July 2007.The novel is written in the first-person similar to much of the hardboiled detective genre. The book was based on research material posted on Ellis' websites mostly odd news items and disturbing pictures from the web that the author had found or had been sent. The novel has been translated into Spanish German French Czech and Italian.
 Abbie Hoffman: American Rebel is a biography of radical Abbie Hoffman by Marty Jezer. It was published in 1992 by Rutgers University Press.
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Ugly Truth is a 2010 bestselling children's fiction book by American author and cartoonist Jeff Kinney and is the fifth book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series.
 The Journal of Urban Affairs is a peer-reviewed academic journal published five times per year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Urban Affairs Association. It was established in 1979 and the current editor-in-chief is Laura Reese (Michigan State University). The journal covers metropolitan and community problems and urban society. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.84 ranking it 20th out of 37 journals in the category Urban Studies.
 Celia lo que dice (What Celia Says or literally Celia What She Says) is the first in the series of children's novels by the famous Spanish author Elena Fortún. The novel is a collection of short stories first published in magazines in 1929. The stories which were written from the perspective of a seven-year-old girl named Celia Gálvez de Montalbán narrated the life of the protagonist living in Madrid with her family.
 City of Bohane (2011) is the debut novel by Irish author Kevin Barry. The book is set in the year 2053 in a world with minimal technology. It received largely positive reviews and won the 2013 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
 Greed (German: Gier) is a 2000 novel by the Austrian writer Elfriede Jelinek. It tells the story of a policeman who kills a 15-year-old girl while she is performing fellatio and then dumps the body in a lake. It was the first novel of hers to be translated into English after winning the Nobel Prize for Literature and also the first book of hers to be translated into English in seven years.
 The Return of Solar Pons is a collection of detective fiction short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1958 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 2079 copies. It was the fourth collection of Derleth's Solar Pons stories which are pastiches of the Sherlock Holmes tales of Arthur Conan Doyle.
 God Speaks The Theme of Creation and Its Purpose (ISBN 978-0-915828-02-9) is the principal book by Meher Baba and the most significant religious text used by his followers. It covers Meher Baba's view of the process of Creation and its purpose and has been in print continuously since 1955.
 The Complete Peerage (full title: The Complete Peerage of England Scotland Ireland Great Britain and the United Kingdom Extant Extinct or Dormant; first edition by George Edward Cokayne Clarenceux King of Arms; 2nd edition revised by the Hon.
 Duel of Angels (1963) is an English-language adaptation by Christopher Fry of the play Pour Lucrèce (1944) by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux. The play is based on the story of Lucretia the virtuous Roman housewife who was raped and finding no support from her husband and his friends is driven to suicide. This is the same legend that was used by Shakespeare in The Rape of Lucrece.
 Light a Penny Candle (1982) is Maeve Binchy's first novel which follows two girls growing up in the aftermath of World War II.
 Star Wars: Republic Infinities End is a star wars comic about jedi knight Quinlan Vos who is investigating the disappearance of the planet Ova and is on the look out for the Nightsisters who are going to destroy Coruscant. Zalem wishes to vanquish jedi forever. Vos teams up with her daughter Ros Lai to stop Zalem.
 X-Treme X-Men is the name of two comic book series published by Marvel Comics the first from 2001 through 2004 and the second from 2012 through 2013. All 46 issues of the first series were written by Chris Claremont and featured a globetrotting X-Men team led by Storm.
 Exiles at the Well of Souls is the second book in the Well of Souls series by American author Jack L. Chalker. Originally intended to be one book the story was split into Exiles and Quest for the Well of Souls forming a duology.
 Oryx and Crake is a novel by the Canadian author Margaret Atwood. Atwood has at times disputed the novel being science fiction preferring to label it speculative fiction and adventure romance because it does not deal with things that have not been invented yet and goes beyond the realism she associates with the novel form. Oryx and Crake was first published by McClelland and Stewart in 2003.
 Over Drive (オーバードライヴ Ōbā Doraivu) is a manga series by Yasuda Tsuyoshi that has appeared in the Japanese Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 2005 until 2008. An anime adaptation began airing on 3 April 2007 and is produced by studio XEBEC. The story revolves around the first year high school student Mikoto Shinozaki and his goal to become the greatest cyclist in the world and winning the Tour de France.
 The Familiar of Zero (ゼロの使い魔 Zero no Tsukaima) is a fantasy and comedy-oriented series of Japanese light novels written by Noboru Yamaguchi with illustrations by Eiji Usatsuka. Media Factory published 20 volumes between June 2004 and February 2011. The series was left unfinished due to the author's death on April 4 2013.
 Buddy Holly is Alive and Well on Ganymede is a 1991 comedic science fiction novel by Bradley Denton. It won the 1992 John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
 The Immaculate Conception is the English translation by Lazer Lederhendler of Gaétan Soucy's French novel L'Immaculée conception first published in 1994.The book was named the winner of the 2007 Quebec Writers' Federation Prize for Translation at the Quebec Writers' Federation Awards.
 More Work for the Undertaker is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in 1948 in the United Kingdom by William Heinemann London and in the United States by Doubleday New York. It is the thirteenth novel in the Albert Campion series.The book focuses on Apron Street an isolated neighborhood in London. Going up Apron street has become a byword for a criminal vanishing. This proves to be done by the Bowels family the undertakers of the title.
 The Explorer Newspaper is a weekly newspaper in Tucson Arizona USA.Its coverage area includes the towns of Oro Valley and Marana and the communities of Catalina Foothills Casas Adobes Catalina SaddleBrooke Tortolita Oracle along with neighborhoods in the City of Tucson and Pima County.It is the 9th largest newspaper in Arizona with a circulation of 47475. In 2007 it was sold to Thirteenth Street Media. It became part of 10/13 Communications owner of the East Valley Tribune in 2010.
 Hellstrom's Hive (1973) is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert. It is about a secret group of humans who model their lives upon social insects and the unsettling events that unfold after they are discovered by a deeply undercover agency of the US government.
 Prototype is a 2009 comic book made by DC Wildstorm that was released along with the game. It is written by Justin Gray and Jimmy Palmiotti and with art by Darick Robertson and Matt Jacobs. It reveals more about Hope Idaho Elizabeth Greene and the viral outbreak. There are 6 issues of the comic.
 Mary (Russian: Машенька Mashen'ka) is the debut novel by Vladimir Nabokov first published under pen name V. Sirin in 1926 by the Russian language publisher Slovo.
 Ten Big Ones is the tenth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum. It was written in 2004. When Janet Evanovich was questioned why she decided to focus on gang violence in this book she replied I keep in touch with the Trenton Police Department. Over the last few years Bloods and Crips have come into the Trenton area and it's caused serious problems.
 The Forever War (1974) is a military science fiction novel by American author Joe Haldeman telling the contemplative story of soldiers fighting an interstellar war between Man and the Taurans. It won the Nebula Award in 1975 and the Hugo and the Locus awards in 1976. Forever Free (1999) and Forever Peace (1997) are respectively direct and thematic sequel novels. The novella A Separate War (1999) is another sequel of sorts occurring simultaneously to the final portion of The Forever War.
 The San Jose Mercury News is an American daily newspaper published in San Jose California. It is owned by Media News Group. Its headquarters and printing plant are located in North San Jose next to the Nimitz Freeway (Interstate 880).
 This article is about the English translation of Hmannan Yazawin.The Glass Palace Chronicle of the kings of Burma is the only English language translation of the first portions of Hmannan Yazawin the standard chronicle of Konbaung Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar). Hmannan was translated into English by Pe Maung Tin and Gordon H Luce in 1923 who gave it its English name.
 The Beast Within is a horror novel written by Edward Levy.
 Saraband of Lost Time is a science fiction novel by Maine author Richard Grant (1952–present) published by Avon Books in 1985. It is his first of several novels labeled as science fiction. Saraband placed eighth in the annual Locus Poll for best first novel and received a special citation from the Philip K. Dick Award judges.
 Eleanor Rigby is a 2004 novel by Douglas Coupland about a lonely woman at ages 36 and 42. The novel is written as a first-person narrative by the main character Liz Dunn.The novel centres on the changes to Liz's life when someone from her past unexpectedly re-enters her life. It is written in a light often comic tone but resonates on many deeper issues including loneliness family religious visions and multiple sclerosis.
 Rautalilja (Finnish: The Iron Lily) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 The Great Pursuit is a 1977 comic novel by Tom Sharpe. It is a satire encompassing commercialism in publishing and literary criticism.
 Lady Athlyne is a romance novel by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula) written in 1908. It was published one year before the release of Stoker's The Lady of the Shroud. The novel was first published in The United Kingdom by William Heinemann London in 1908. However the publication for the United States was 1909 by Frank Lovell & Company New York.
 Jack and Jill: A Village Story by Louisa May Alcott is a children's book originally published in 1880. It takes place in a small New England town after the Civil War. The story of two good friends named Jack and Janey Jack and Jill tells of the aftermath of a serious sledding accident.
 Twisted Scriptures: Breaking Free from Churches That Abuse (first edition Twisted Scriptures: A Path to Freedom from Abusive Churches) is a non-fiction book by Mary Alice Chrnalogar published by Zondervan. Chrnalogar instructs readers on how to determine if a religious group is manipulative or abusive and describes techniques of mind control. The book was first published in 1997 by publishers Whitaker House and Control Techniques and republished in 2000 by Zondervan.
 The Lovely Bones is a 2002 novel by Alice Sebold. It is the story of a teenage girl who after being raped and murdered watches from her personal Heaven as her family and friends struggle to move on with their lives while she comes to terms with her own death. The novel received much critical praise and became an instant bestseller.
 Chemosphere is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1972 by Elsevier. It publishes both original research and review articles in environmental chemistry. The 2012 impact factor of this journal is 3.137.The following sections and subject fields are included: persistent organic pollutants and dioxins environmental chemistry environmental toxicology and risk assessment science for environmental technology↑
 The Design Revolution: Answering the Toughest Questions about Intelligent Design is a 2004 book by William A. Dembski which supports intelligent design and the idea that certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause not a naturalistic process such as natural selection. The book is written in question/answer format from Dembski's point of view as one of the conceptual leaders in the movement.
 Journal of Thermal Spray Technology publishes contributions on all aspects of thermal spray science—fundamental and practical—including processes feedstock manufacture testing and characterization. The journal synergizes the rapidly advancing thermal spray industry and related industries by presenting research and development efforts leading to advances in implementable engineering applications of the technology.[citation needed]
 Not Now Darling is a 1967 farce written by English playwrights John Chapman and Ray Cooney first staged at the Richmond Theatre in Richmond England prior to a long West End run starring Donald Sinden and Bernard Cribbins with Jill Melford and Ann Sidney. It was adapted as a film in 1973.
 Thor Meets Captain America is a science fiction and Alternate History novelette by David Brin. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novelette in 1987 and also won a Locus Award in 1987 in the novelette category. The graphic novel The Life Eaters is based on the story. This story was first published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in their July 1986 issue which was titled Hitler Victorious.The title is a pun on the Marvel Comics characters Thor and Captain America.
 The Amber Spyglass is the third and final novel in the His Dark Materials series written by English author Philip Pullman and published in 2000.The Amber Spyglass won the 2001 Whitbread Book of the Year award a British literature award making it the first children's novel to receive the honour. It was named Children's Book of the Year at the 2001 British Book Awards and was also longlisted for the Man Booker Prize again the first time this had happened to a children's book.
 H2 (Japanese: エイチ・ツー Hepburn: Eichi Tsū) is a Japanese manga written by Mitsuru Adachi portraying high school baseball. It has been made into an 41-episode anime series and an 11-episode television drama series H2: Kimi to Ita Hibi directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi.
 Confessions of an Actor is Laurence Olivier's autobiography. It was published in 1982 seven years before the actor's death.
 Weird Tales #4 is an anthology edited by Lin Carter the fourth and last in his paperback revival of the classic fantasy and horror magazine Weird Tales.
 Archivium Hibernicum is a peer-reviewed history journal published annually by the Catholic History Society of Ireland. It was established in 1912 and edited by Dr. James MacCaffrey Professor of Ecclesiastical History at Maynooth College the Archivium is primarily concerned with publishing archival source material for the study of Irish history.
 Việt Nam sử lược (1920 Outline History of Vietnam) was the first history text published in the Vietnamese alphabet. It was compiled by Vietnamese historian Trần Trọng Kim. It covered the period from Hồng Bàng dynasty to the time of French Indochina. The book was first published in 1920 and reprinted many times. It was the standard history text in South Vietnam.
 L'Élève Ducobu is a comic series created by Zidrou (scenario) and Godi (drawing). The series tells the adventures of Ducobu a comic and eccentric dunce. The series first appeared in September 1992 in the Belgian comics magazine Tremplin. The first album was published in 1997 by Le Lombard and from this year have appeared in the French comics magazine Le Journal de Mickey.
 Daily NK is an online newspaper focusing on issues relating to North Korea. The site which is run by citizens of both Koreas alongside a small handful of staff and volunteers from third countries is based in South Korea where it reports stories obtained from inside North Korea via a network of informants.Daily NK is a recipient of funding from multiple institutions and private donors including the National Endowment for Democracy an NGO run by Carl Gershman and funded by U.S. Congress.
 Gandhi the Man is a biography of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi written by Eknath Easwaran. The book was originally published in the United States in 1973. Several subsequent expanded editions have been published. Foreign (non-English) editions have also been published in several languages. The book has been reviewed in newspapers professional journals and websites. The subtitle of the 4th edition is How one man changed himself to change the world.
 Dark Things is an anthology of science fiction fantasy and horror stories edited by Gerald W. Page. It was released in 1975 by Arkham House in an edition of 4160 copies. The stories in this volume had not been previously published.
 Philoctetes is a tragedy by the Athenian poet Euripides. It was probably first produced in 431 BCE at the Dionysia in a tetralogy that included the extant Medea and was awarded third prize. It is now lost except for a few fragments. Much of what we know of the plot is from the writings of Dio Chrysostom who compared the Philoctetes plays of Aeschylus Euripides and Sophocles and also paraphrased the beginning of Euripides' play.
 Animals Men and Morals: An Inquiry into the Maltreatment of Non-humans (1971) is a collection of essays on animal rights edited by Oxford philosophers Stanley and Roslind Godlovitch both from Canada and John Harris from the UK.
 The American Boy's Handy Book is a handbook of activities intended for boys written by a founder of the Boy Scouts of America Daniel Carter Beard. It is divided into seasonal sections with activities appropriate for each season in their respective sections. Originally published in New York City in 1882 with 254 black-and-white figures and 63 illustrations. The 2010 Centennial Edition of the book was granted the Gelett Burgess Children's Book Award in the Sports and Hobbies category.
 Darkness My Old Friend is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger. It is the second book set in the The Hollows and features Jones Cooper.
 The European Journal of Medical Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal. Established as a print journal published by Holzapfel Verlag in 1995 it was relaunched in 2012 as an open-access online-only format by BioMed Central.
 Paper Lion published in 1966 is a non-fiction book by prominent American writer George Plimpton.In 1960 Plimpton not a professional athlete arranged to pitch to a lineup of baseball stars in an All-Star exhibition presumably to answer the question How would the average man off of the street fare in an attempt to compete with the stars of professional sports? He chronicled this experience in his book Out of My League.To write Paper Lion Plimpton repeated the experiment in the National Football League joining the training camp of the 1963 Detroit Lions on the premise of trying out to be the team's third-string quarterback. 
 An Evening With Elmore & Gwendolyn Putts The Neighbors Next Door is an American play a farce written by Richard O’Donnell directed by Amy McKenzie and performed by the New Age Vaudeville theater company in Chicago.
 The Duchess of Windsor is a 1980 biography of Wallis Duchess of Windsor by Diana Mosley. The book was published by Sidgwick & Jackson and by Gibson Square in 2003. In Paris Mosley and her husband Oswald Mosley were long-term neighbours and friends of Wallis Duchess of Windsor and Edward VIII. On 26 June 1980 she was interviewed by Russell Harty on the BBC to discuss the project.
 Verses Dedicatory: 18 Previously Unpublished Poems is a collection of poetry by fantasy author Lord Dunsany edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback as a chapbook by Charnel House as no. 2 in The Charnel House Chapbooks Series in 1985.The book collects eighteen poems hand-written by the author on the flyleaves of copies of several of his published books. The copies in which the poems were found and from which they were taken are from the library of Hazel Littlefield.
 Fiction Fix is the literary journal of the University of North Florida.
 Summer's Dream is a pre-teen/teen novel by Cathy Cassidy. This book is a first person narrative of a girl named Summer Tanberry who dreams of going to ballet school and will sacrifice everything to make that dream come true even her family.
 Gazzetta di Mantova is a local daily newspaper published in Mantova Italy. It was established in 1664 making it one of World's oldest newspapers still existing.
 Father's Day is a 1971 novel by William Goldman. It is a sequel to The Thing of It Is... and revolves around a day in the life of now-divorced Amos McCracken as he looks after his daughter for a day.
 The Donaldsonville Chief is a weekly newspaper published in Donaldsonville Louisiana. It is owned by Gatehouse Media. The Donaldsonville Chief is a member of the Louisiana Press Association. News content for the publication is based in the City of Donaldsonville but also includes the Ascension Parish area. The newspaper has won numerous Louisiana Press Association awards
 Education Citizenship and Social Justice is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers three times a year in the field of Education. The journal's editors are Professor Peter Clough (University of Chester) Alan Dyson (University of Manchester) Tony Gallagher (Queens University Belfast) and Laurie Johnson (Hofstra University). It has been in publication since 2006 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 BioDrugs is a peer-reviewed pharmacology journal.It has an impact factor of 2.809.It is published by Adis International (Springer Science + Business Media)BioDrugs aims to advance discussion and evaluation of the latest developments in the clinical application of biotechnology for the treatment of human disease by providing a programme of review articles and original research covering the most important aspects of biotechnology-based pharmaceuticals diagnostic products and innovations in bio-tech therapy. 
 Truculentus is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus. Following the relationships between prostitutes and their customers it contains perhaps Plautus’s most cynical depiction of human nature in comparison with his other surviving plays.
 The Journal of Ethnopharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the traditional medicinal use of plants and other substances. It is the official journal of the International Society for Ethnopharmacology.
 Double Identity is a 2005 young adult novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix. ages 10–14
 The Unexpected Guest is a 1958 play by crime writer Agatha Christie.The play opened in the West End at the Duchess Theatre on 12 August 1958 after a previous try-out at the Bristol Hippodrome. It was directed by Hubert Gregg.
 In Iron Years is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Doubleday in 1980. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction If Galaxy Science Fiction and Astounding.
 This is the principal English language collection of poems by the Italian author Primo Levi.
 The Walla Walla Union-Bulletin is a newspaper based in Walla Walla Washington and owned by the Seattle Times Company. It publishes daily except Saturdays.
 Bureaucracy is a political book written by Austrian School economist and libertarian thinker Ludwig von Mises. The author's stated motivation in writing the book is his concern with the spread of socialist ideals and the increasing bureaucratization of economic life.
 Contemplative Practices in Action: Spirituality Meditation and Health is an interdisciplinary scholarly and scientific book. It examines the nature function and impact of meditation and other contemplative practices in several different religious traditions both eastern and western including methods for incorporating contemplative practice into education healthcare and other human services. Edited by Thomas G.
 Ponniyin Selvan (Tamil: பொன்னியின் செல்வன் English: The Son of Ponni) is a 2400-page 20th-century Tamil historical novel written by Kalki Krishnamurthy. Written in five volumes this narrates the story of Arulmozhivarman (later crowned as Rajaraja Chola I) one of the kings of the Chola Dynasty during the 10th and 11th centuries.
 The Hidden Universe is a collection of two science fiction novellas by Ralph Milne Farley. It was first published in 1950 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 700 copies of which 500 were hardback. The novellas originally appeared in the magazine Amazing Stories.
 Mask of the Andes also known as The Liberators is a 1971 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary set in Bolivia. Cleary says he had been thinking about its themes for over ten years. The result was one of his most critically acclaimed works with some critics drawing comparison to Graham Greene. The book did not sell well in Britain the US or Australia but was a big seller in Germany and South America. Cleary even received a fan letter from some of Che Guevera's former guerillas.
 Dragonsword is a novel written by Gael Baudino and published in 1988. It is the first in the Dragonsword Trilogy. The other novels are Duel of Dragons (1989) and Dragon Death (1992). According to the author after completing an unfinished manuscript and fleshing it out to roughly double its length she sold it to Byron Preiss Books a book packaging company looking for a series of sword and sorcery novels including dragons and a super-magical sword who sold it to Lynx Omeiga Books.
 Eye Weekly was a free weekly newspaper published in Toronto Ontario Canada. It was owned by Torstar the parent company of the Toronto Star and was published by their Star Media Group until its final issue on May 5 2011. The following week Torstar launched a successor publication The Grid.
 Brisbane Times is an online newspaper for Brisbane and Queensland Australia. It was launched on 7 March 2007 by then-Queensland Premier Peter Beattie.It is owned and run by Fairfax Digital the online subsidiary of Fairfax Media publishers of Melbourne's The Age The Sydney Morning Herald and other mastheads plus subject-focused websites and business-centered magazine titles.
 The Horn Book Magazine founded in Boston in 1924 is a bimonthly periodical about literature for children and young adults. The oldest of the magazines in the United States dedicated to reviewing children's literature it began as a suggestive purchase list prepared by Bertha Mahony Miller and Elinor Whitney Field proprietresses of the country's first bookstore for children The Bookshop for Boys and Girls.
 Notes From the Midnight Driver is a young adult novel by Jordan Sonnenblick. It was published by Scholastic in 2006. It is Jordan Sonnenblick's second book.
 Syd-Österbotten (South Ostrobothnia) is a Swedish-language newspaper published in Närpes and Kristinestad in Finland. It is owned by HSS Media and is published three times a week.The history of the newspaper goes back to 1897 when Kristinestads Tidning was founded. After the closure of Kristinestads Tidning by the Russian authorities in 1900 the new newspaper Syd-Österbotten was founded in 1903.The current editor of Syd-Österbotten is Mats Ekman.
 Dragonflight is a fantasy novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. It is the first book in the Dragonriders of Pern series. Dragonflight was first published by Ballantine Books in July 1968. It is a fix-up of novellas including two which made McCaffrey the first woman to win a Hugo or Nebula Award.In 1987 Locus: The magazine of the science fiction & fantasy field ranked Dragonflight number nine among the 33 All-Time Best Fantasy Novels based on a poll of subscribers.
 African Studies is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal publishing articles in the fields of anthropology linguistics history sociology politics geography and literary and cultural studies. It was founded in 1921 under the title Bantu Studies.
 Whidbey News-Times is a twice-weekly (Wednesday and Saturday) newspaper in Oak Harbor Washington USA covering general news on Whidbey Island WA. It is owned by Sound Publishing Inc. a subsidiary of Black Press.Its sister paper is the South Whidbey Record. It competes with Everett's daily paper The Herald as well as Central Whidbey's weekly paper The Whidbey Examiner.
 Drums of Tombalku is an American fantasy short story one of the original ones by Robert E. Howard featuring Conan the Cimmerian a fragment begun in the 1930s but not finished or published in Howard's lifetime. It was completed by L. Sprague de Camp and in this form first published in the collection Conan the Adventurer (1966).
 Menopause is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of gynecology dealing with topics related to menopause. It was established in 1994 and is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The editor-in-chief is Isaac Schiff (Harvard Medical School). It is an official journal of the North American Menopause Society. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.163.
 Memphis Sport is a sports and fitness magazine featuring articles on local and regional teams players and events. In addition Memphis Sport focuses on health and fitness for an active lifestyle. The magazine debuted in Memphis Tennessee in July of 2006. Local franchises covered include the University of Memphis Tigers Memphis Redbirds Mississippi Riverkings and Tennessee Titans.
 Cornucopia is a magazine about Turkish culture art and history published jointly in the United Kingdom and Turkey.
 Al Watan (in Arabic الوطن meaning The Homeland) is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Bahrain. It is known to have pro-government stance.
 High School DxD (Japanese: ハイスクールD×D Hepburn: Haisukūru Dī Dī alternatively written as Highschool DxD) is a Japanese light novel series written by Ichiei Ishibumi and illustrated by Miyama-Zero.
 Small Favor is the tenth book in The Dresden Files Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. The book stayed on the New York Times Best Seller list for 3 weeks following its release attaining the number 2 spot during its first week. Small Favor is available as an eBook and an audio CD (ISBN 0-14-314339-5).
 The Unteleported Man (later republished in a greatly expanded version as Lies Inc.) is a 1966 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick first published as a short story in 1964.
 The Fair Maid of Perth (or St. Valentine's Day) is a novel by Sir Walter Scott. Inspired by the strange story of the Battle of the North Inch it is set in Perth and other parts of Scotland around 1400.The book had been intended to include two other stories in the same volume: My Aunt Margaret's Mirror and Death of the Laird's Jock and was to have been titled St. Valentine's Eve.
 Ethos Magazine is a nationally recognized award-winning student publication. At inception it was Korean Ducks Magazine focusing on Korean Culture. It has since developed a multicultural spirit to serve the readership throughout the University and Eugene community.
 The Journal of Creative Behavior is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Creative Education Foundation. The journal was established in 1967. Its current editor-in-chief is Thomas B. Ward (University of Alabama).
 Structo is a British literary magazine founded in 2008. It is printed twice a year (an on-line digital edition is released three months later). The magazine publishes fiction and poetry as well as art essays and interviews with authors such as Ian R. MacLeod Lindsey Davis Iain Banks and Richard Adams.
 The Addison Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Fridays in Addison Illinois. The paper covers news of Addison Bensenville and Wood Dale in northeast DuPage County.The Addison Suburban Life was formerly known as the Addison Press.The Addison Suburban Life is published by Suburban Life Media and owned by Shaw Media. Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Northwest Herald Kane County Chronicle Daily Chronicle of DeKalb and The_Herald-News of Joliet.
 SFX is a British magazine covering the topics of science fiction and fantasy.
 The Lemont Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Fridays in Lemont Illinois.The paper was formerly known as the Lemont Reporter/Met.The Lemont Suburban Life is published by Suburban Life Media and owned by Shaw Media. Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Northwest Herald Kane County Chronicle Daily Chronicle of DeKalb and The_Herald-News of Joliet.
 This article is about a story; for other uses of Europe see Europe (disambiguation). Europe is a short story by Henry James first published in Scribner's Magazine in June 1899. In his preface to the story in the New York Edition (1907–1909) of his fiction James says he got one hint for this domestic tragicomedy from a visit to an elderly lady who largely lived in her recollections of an early trip to Europe.
 Endgame is a two-volume work by Derrick Jensen published in 2006 which argues that civilization is inherently unsustainable and addresses the resulting question of what to do about it. Volume 1 The Problem of Civilization spells out the need to immediately and systematically destroy civilization. Volume 2 Resistance is about the challenging physical task that dismantling civilization presents.
 Western Union Boy is a short story written by Nathanael West in the early 1930s; it was not published in West's lifetime and appears only in the Library of America edition of his collected work: Novels & Other Writings.
 This article is about John Rawls's book 'Political Liberalism.' For a broader description and history of liberal philosophy see the article: Liberalism. Political Liberalism is an update to John Rawls's Theory of Justice (1971) in which he attempts to show that his theory of justice is not a comprehensive conception of the good but is instead compatible with a liberal conception of the role of justice: namely that government should be neutral between competing conceptions of the good.
 Out Stealing Horses (Norwegian: Ut og stjæle hester) is a 2003 Norwegian novel by Per Petterson. It was translated into English in 2005 by Anne Born published in the UK that year and in the US in 2007. Among other awards it won the 2007 Dublin IMPAC Award one of the richest literary prizes in the world.Out Stealing Horses has double meanings and two sets of twins. When asked “How did the Nazi Occupation of Norway translate into the plot of your novel?” Mr.
 Octavius is an early writing in defense of Christianity by Marcus Minucius Felix. It is written in the form of a dialogue between the pagan Caecilius Natalis and the Christian Octavius Januarius a provincial lawyer the friend and fellow-student of the author.
 The Lady Who Plucked Red Flowers beneath the Queen’s Window is an award-winning fantasy novella by Rachel Swirsky. It explores the conjunction of invocation deep time and culture shock. It was originally published in Subterranean Magazine in the summer of 2010 and subsequently republished in The Year’s Best Science Fiction and Fantasy 2011 (from Prime Books) and The Best Science Fiction and Fantasy of the Year Vol. 5 (from Night Shade Books).
 Broken Blade (ブレイク ブレイド Bureiku Bureido  a.k.a. Break Blade) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yunosuke Yoshinaga. Flex Comix published the first tankōbon volume of the manga on April 10 2007. The manga was previously licensed in North America by CMX where three volumes were released before CMX shut down. The manga is licensed in Taiwan by Tong Li Publishing. The manga was adapted into six 50 minute animated films.
 Archie's Girls Betty and Veronica and the subsequent series Betty and Veronica are comic book series published by Archie Comics focusing on best friends and worst enemies Betty Cooper and Veronica Lodge both girlfriends of Archie Andrews. These three characters along with Jughead Jones and Reggie Mantle are the five main characters of this long-running series of comics which has been published in two volumes. The series has several spin-offs with similar titles.
 The Case of the Late Pig is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published 1937 by Hodder & Stoughton. It is the ninth novel featuring the mysterious Albert Campion and his butler/valet/bodyguard Magersfontein Lugg.
 Macromolecular Rapid Communications is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science. It publishes Communications Feature Articles and Reviews on general polymer science from chemistry and physics of polymers to polymers in materials science and life sciences.
 The Decision is the 18th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Ax. The inside front cover quote is Ax is about to bug out.... The front cover quote is Change a little. Change a lot. Just change....
 Il Mattino is an Italian daily newspaper founded on March 16 1892 in Naples Italy by the journalists Edoardo Scarfoglio and Matilde Serao.Based on 2008 survey data from Accertamenti Diffusione Stampa Il Mattino is the most read daily newspaper in Campania and one of the most read in southern Italy.According to Audipress 2011 the newspaper has 975.000 readers and is the first of South Italy.
 The Bridge to Nowhere is a young adult novel by the American writer Megan McDonald.Based on an actual incident in 1964 its protagonist is Hallie a Pittsburgh seventh-grader coping with among other things the mental depression of her laid off father an iron worker. A never-completed bridge across the Allegheny River is a constant reminder that his vocation is gone and this fact prompts a spectacular dramatic act.
 A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake (1944) by mythologist Joseph Campbell and Henry Morton Robinson is a work of literary criticism. One of the first major texts to provide an in-depth analysis of Finnegans Wake (James Joyce's final novel) A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake is considered by many scholars to be a seminal work on the text.
 Beyond the Door is a low fantasy short story by Philip K. Dick first published in the January 1954 issue of Fantastic Universe. The plot follows a cuckoo clock which may or may not be intelligent and a cuckolded husband.
 The Tribune Chronicle is a daily morning newspaper serving Warren Ohio and the Mahoning Valley area of the United States. The newspaper claims to be the second oldest in the U.S. state of Ohio. The Trib as the newspaper is nicknamed by readers and in other local media is owned by Ogden Newspapers of Wheeling West Virginia. The Tribune Chronicle is published by Charles Jarvis and its editor is Frank Robinson.
 The Madness of King George: The Ingenious Insanity of Our Most Misunderestimated President is a political satire book written by Michael K. Smith and illustrated by Matt Wuerker. It was published in 2004 by Common Courage Press in Canada. Alternating between text and cartoons it takes a critical look at George W. Bush's life and first term as president of the United States portraying it all as a rush to war in Iraq.
 The Computer Contradictionary is a non-fiction book by Stan Kelly-Bootle that compiles a satirical list of definitions of computer industry terms. It is an example of cynical lexicography in the tradition of Ambrose Bierce's The Devil's Dictionary. Rather than offering a factual account of usage its definitions are largely made up by the author.The book was published in May 1995 by MIT Press and is an update of Kelly-Bootle's The Devil's DP Dictionary which appeared in 1981.
 America Alone: The End of the World as We Know It (ISBN 0-89526-078-6) is a nonfiction book by Mark Steyn published in 2006. It forecasts the downfall of Western civilization owing to internal weaknesses and the increasing Muslim population in Western countries and the world generally.
 Ulkopolitiikka (The Finnish Journal of Foreign Affairs in English) is a Finnish-language magazine of international relations studies published by The Finnish Institute of International Affairs. The quarterly magazine was first published in 1961. It provides a significant forum on global politics and economics in Finland and is one of the leading magazines in the country.
 The Anime Encyclopedia: A Guide to Japanese Animation Since 1917 is a 2001 encyclopedia written by Jonathan Clements and Helen McCarthy. It was published in 2001 by Stone Bridge Press in the United States and a revised and expanded edition was released in 2006. In the United Kingdom it was published by Titan Books. It gives an overview of most of the famous anime works since 1917.
 Queen Victoria's Bomb is a steampunk novel by Ronald W. Clark. Its plot surrounds the invention of a nuclear weapon in the Victorian era which might be used to win the Crimean War.
 Children's and Household Tales (German: Kinder- und Hausmärchen) is a collection of German fairy tales first published in 1812 by the Grimm brothers Jacob and Wilhelm. The collection is commonly known in the Anglosphere as Grimm's Fairy Tales (German: Grimms Elfenmärchen).
 Magazine Special (マガジンSPECIAL) is a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Kodansha and first launched in 1983. Its audience demographic is geared toward younger teenage boys and contents tend to be predominantly sports stories and high school romantic comedy. Many of the popular series in Magazine Special were transferred there from other Kodansha publications like Weekly Shōnen Magazine after their initial run.
 Ermita: A Filipino Novel is a novel by the known Filipino author F. Sionil Jose written in the English language. A chapter of this novel was previously published as a novella in the books titled Two Filipino Women and Three Filipino Women.
 Al-Seyassah (in Arabic السياسة also transliterated Al-Siyasa and meaning The Politics) is a Kuwaiti daily newspaper published by Dar Al Seyassah Press Publishing Printing and Distribution Co. The editor-in-chief of the newspaper is Ahmed Al-Jarallah.
 Journey's End is a 1928 drama the seventh of English playwright R. C. Sherriff. It was first performed at the Apollo Theatre in London by the Incorporated Stage Society on 9 December 1928 starring a young Laurence Olivier and soon moved to other West End theatres for a two-year run. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1928–1929. The piece quickly became internationally popular with numerous productions and tours in English and other languages.
 Molly Moon Stops The World is the second book in the best-selling series by Georgia Byng. The first book is Molly Moon's Incredible Book of Hypnotism and the third book is Molly Moon's Hypnotic Time-Travel Adventure.
 Imperial Reckoning: The Untold Story of Britain's Gulag in Kenya written by Caroline Elkins published by Henry Holt won the 2006 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.
 The Province is a daily newspaper published in British Columbia by Postmedia. It has been a daily newspaper since 1898. According to a recent NADbank survey The Province's average weekday readership was 520100 making it British Columbia's most read newspaper. As of December 2001 its six-day (Sunday to Friday) average circulation is 167746 copies a day. The Province uses the tabloid paper size.
 The Price of Privilege is a non-fiction book by Dr Madeline Levine. The book’s primary thesis is that teenagers from affluent families have more intense psychological problems than expected.
 Point of Impact is a four-issue limited comic series created and written by American Jay Faerber with art by Turkish Koray Kuranel published through Image Comics. The first issue was released in October 2012.The story follows three characters as they lead separate investigations into the murder of a woman.
 The Good Society is an academic journal. It is published twice a year by the Penn State University Press on behalf of The Committee for the Political Economy of the Good Society (PEGS). Between 1991-1995 the journal went by the name The Newsletter of PEGS.
 The Voice of Asia (1951) is a work of non-fiction published by American author James A. Michener. The book chronicles his travels throughout Asia detailing the cultures and lives of locals in areas such as Japan Korea Hong Kong Singapore Pakistan Burma India Thailand etc.Today Asia is of utmost importance to Americans. What happens there may make or mar us as a nation. We need to know what makes Asia tick.
 The Duke's Children is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1879 as a serial in All the Year Round. It is the sixth and final novel of the Palliser series.
 Praxis is a peer-reviewed online postgraduate journal of philosophy affiliated with the University of Manchester. The journal was created in 2007. The first issue was published in April 2008. Praxis publishes papers book reviews and interviews.
 Idol Defense Force Hummingbird (アイドル防衛隊ハミングバード Aidoru Bōeitai Hamingubādo) is a Japanese anime that consists of 4 OVA episodes ran from 1993 to 1995 that told the very offbeat tale of five idol singer/fighter pilot sisters. A Hitoshi Yoshioka's light novel work.
 Men of Maize (orig. Spanish title Hombres de maíz) is a 1949 novel by Guatemalan Nobel Prize in Literature winner Miguel Ángel Asturias. The novel is usually considered to be Asturias's masterpiece yet remains one of the least understood novels produced by Asturias. The title Hombres de maíz refers to the Maya Indians' belief that their flesh was made of corn. Its title originates in the Popol Vuh one of the sacred books of the Maya.
 God No! Signs You May Already Be An Atheist and Other Magical Tales is a book by illusionist and comedian Penn Jillette. Described as an atheist bible of sorts by reviewers the book includes an atheist's take on the 10 commandments. Jillette also tells of his childhood growing up in Greenfield Massachusetts as well as his current life in Las Vegas.The book reached #12 on the New York Times Hardcover Nonfiction list and spent a total of six weeks on the list.
 Measle and the Dragodon is a children's novel written by Ian Ogilvy and illustrated by Chris Mould. It is the second book in the Measle Stubbs series. The novel was first published in 2004 by OUP in the UK and Harper Collins in the US. It was reissued by OUP in 2010 under the title The Funfair of Fear! The author describes the setting as a deserted theme park at night in the pouring rain.
 Huisgenoot (Afrikaans for House Companion) is a weekly Afrikaans-language general interest family magazine. It has the highest circulation figures of any South African magazine and is followed by sister magazine YOU its English-language version. A third magazine Drum is directed at the black market.
 Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Prodigy is a book written in 1988 by Arthur Byron Cover. It is part of the series Isaac Asimov's Robot City which are inspired by Isaac Asimov's Robot series.
 The Elephant Whisperer published in April 2009 by Pan Macmillan in London and in July 2009 by Thomas Dunne/St Martin's Press in New York is the second book written by South African author and conservationist Lawrence Anthony along with journalist Graham Spence. It follows Babylon's Ark the incredible wartime rescue of the Baghdad Zoo. This bestselling book tells the story of a herd of wild African elephants on an African game reserve.
 Fast Car magazine is a UK-based car magazine covering the modified car market and car culture. It was the first UK magazine focusing on this genre. It is owned by Future plc based in Bath Somerset. The magazine is published 13 times a year. Nearly every month Fast Car includes stickers posters CD/DVD's and other car related gadgets.Fast Car started as a performance car magazine but now specialises in readers interested in Japanese European cars and the car culture genre.
 A Child in the Dark and a Foreign Father is a short story written by the iconic Australian writer and poet Henry Lawson. The story often considered to be partially autobiographical considers the rather bleak relationship between a man and his family. The story was begun in England as Lawson's first novel but was broken off and eventually completed after his return to Australia.
 Butley is a play by Simon Gray set in the office of an English lecturer at a university in London England. The title character a T. S. Eliot scholar is an alcoholic who loses his wife and his close friend and colleague – and possibly male lover – on the same day. The action of the dark comedy takes place over several hours on the same day during which he bullies students friends and colleagues while falling apart at the seams.
 History of the Soul written by Zhang Chengzhi is a work of narrative history spanning 172 years which explores the personal and religious conflicts among the Jahriyya a Sufi tariqah in Northwestern China. Published in 1991 it went on to become China's second-best selling book in 1994.
 Gurusagaram (Eternity of Grace) is a 1987 novel written by O. V. Vijayan. The novel is a spiritual odyssey into the human psyche. It differs in language vision and characterisation from Vijayan's earlier works such as Khasakkinte Itihasam and Dharmapuranam. It won many major awards including the Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award and Vayalar Award.
 Code Orange is a young adult novel by Caroline B. Cooney. The novel won a National Science Teachers Association recommendation.
 The Politics of Religious Apostasy: The Role of Apostates in the Transformation of Religious Movements edited by David G.
 The Canyon Courier is a weekly newspaper (published on Wednesdays) by Evergreen Newspapers. The newspaper primarily serves the community of Evergreen Colorado 30 miles west of Denver Colorado. The Courier was featured in the 1999 movie Double Jeopardy. The Courier began in 1955 as Smoke Signals a monthly bulletin published by the Indian Hills Fire Department. The paper was purchased in 1958 to begin weekly publication as the Canyon Courier.
 Children of Scarabaeus is a 2011 science fiction novel with a touch of romance by Australian author Sara Creasy published by Harper Voyager. Released on 29 March 2011 it is the second in a two-novel series preceded by Song of Scarabaeus (released in 2010).
 Seawitch is a novel written by the Scottish author Alistair MacLean. It was first released in the United Kingdom by Collins in 1977 and later in the same year by Doubleday in the United States. The book deviates from MacLean's usual mystery/drama formula in that it is almost all action with no mystery and no traitor amongst them sub-plot.
 Cruel Shoes is a collection of offbeat mostly humorous essays and short stories by Steve Martin and his first published book and is also the title of one of the pieces therein a satirical short-short story about a woman in a shoe store.Cruel Shoes was originally released in 1977 as a handmade limited edition of 750 signed and numbered books published by Press of the Pegacycle Lady (Victoria Dailey). The cover is just pale paper over pressboard.
 Attack on Titan (進撃の巨人 Shingeki no Kyojin lit. Advancing Giants) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama. The series began serialization in Kodansha's Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine on September 9 2009 and has been collected into 13 tankōbon volumes as of April 9 2014. It is set in a world where humanity lives inside cities surrounded by enormous walls due to the Titans gigantic humanoid creatures who devour humans seemingly without reason.
 Sivagamiyin sabatham (The vow of Sivagami — சிவகாமியின் சபதம் in Tamil) is a Tamil historical novel written by Kalki in 1944. Believed by some to be one of the first historical novels in Tamil it was originally serialized in the weekly Kalki for about 12 years. This was later published as a novel.
 Patriot Reign is a best-selling book by Boston Globe/New York Times sports writer Michael Holley resulting from two years he was given unprecedented access to the inner sanctums of the world champion New England Patriots football operations as they worked to turn a season of good luck into a legitimate contender of a team.
 Consciousness Explained is a 1991 book by the American philosopher Daniel Dennett which offers an account of how consciousness arises from interaction of physical and cognitive processes in the brain.
 Mom I Need to be a Girl by Just Evelyn is a true story about Danielle Lindenmuth (born Daniel) a transsexual woman who began her transition from male to female at 15 and completed sex reassignment surgery at 18 with the help of her mother and older brothers. This story written by Danielle's mother is available free of charge online and printed copies are available from some bookstores and online sources.Just Evelyn according to the book now works as an electrologist.
 The Journal of African American History formerly The Journal of Negro History (1916–2001) is an academic journal covering African American life and history. It was founded in 1916 by Carter G. Woodson. The journal is published four times a year by the Association for the Study of African American Life and History founded in 1915 by Woodson and Jesse E. Moorland.
 Two Graves is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child. It was released on December 11 2012 by Grand Central Publishing. This is the twelfth book in the Special Agent Pendergast series and also the third novel in the Helen trilogy. The preceding novel is Cold Vengeance.
 Heretic is the third novel in The Grail Quest series by Bernard Cornwell. Set during the first stage of the Hundred Years War the novel follows Thomas of Hookton's quest to find the Holy Grail a relic which may grant decisive victory to the possessor.
 Lawrence of Arabia: The Authorised Biography of T. E. Lawrence is a book by Jeremy Wilson about the noted historic figure T. E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia) who helped lead the Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Empire during World War I.
 Amakusa 1637 (AMAKUSA 1637) is a shōjo manga written and illustrated by Michiyo Akaishi. It is about the time-traveling adventures of six modern-day Japanese high school students from the St. Francisco Academy to the 17th century where they take part in the Shimabara Rebellion. It was serialized in the manga magazine Flowers from 2001 to 2006 and collected in 12 tankoban volumes.
 The Cry of the Onlies is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Judy Klass.
 Biomedical Microdevices is a bimonthly scientific journal publishing articles on the applications of BioMEMS (Microelectromechanical systems) and biomedical nanotechnology.Its editor-in-chief is Mauro Ferrari of the University of Texas Health Science Center Houston.Biomedical Microdevices has an impact factor of 2.924 (2008).
 Sandstorm is an optional supplemental source book for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game.
 Red China Blues: My Long March from Mao to Now is a 1996 book by Chinese-Canadian journalist Jan Wong. Wong describes how the youthful passion for left-wing and socialist politics drew her to participate in the Chinese Cultural Revolution. Speaking little Chinese she became one of the first Westerners to enroll in Beijing University in 1972.However her idealism did not survive the harsh realities and hypocrisy she saw in the China of the 1970s and she abandoned her support of Maoism.
 Death Comes to Pemberley is a British novel by P.D. James that continues Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice with a murder mystery.
 The Heidi Chronicles is a 1988 play by Wendy Wasserstein. The play won the 1989 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
 Mr. Vertigo is a novel written by Paul Auster and first published in 1994. It tells the story of a young orphaned boy from St. Louis Walter Claireborne Rawley who happens upon a mysterious traveler known only as Master Yehudi. Master Yehudi trains Walter to fly and they begin traveling across the United States performing this feat at circus sideshows. Many times they are faced with hardships such as the Ku Klux Klan the Chicago Mob and Walter's drunken uncle Slim.
 The Window of Orpheus (オルフェウスの窓 Orpheus no Mado) is a manga by Riyoko Ikeda. It was published by Shueisha in Margaret from 1975 to 1981 and collected in 18 bound volumes. It takes place in Germany and Russia with the backdrop story of the Russian Revolution.
 The Charlotte Jewish News (the CJN) is a monthly (except July) Jewish magazine headquartered in Charlotte North Carolina.
 Thursbitch is a novel by English writer Alan Garner named after the valley in the Pennines of England where the action occurs (also listed in the 1841 OS map as Thursbatch). It was published in 2003.
 Tennis Week was an American sports magazine owned by media conglomerate IMG covering the world of tennis.
 Martin Eden is a (1909) novel by American author Jack London about a young proletarian autodidact struggling to become a writer.
 A Double Buggy at Lahey Creek is a short story written by iconic Australian writer and poet Henry Lawson. It was Lawson's second story to include the character of Joe Wilson however chronologically it is fourth and final in the Joe Wilson series.The story follows the events that befall Joe Wilson and his family and which ultimately lead to his buying a double buggy for the woman he loves- his wife Mary.
 National Lampoon The Best of #5 subtitled Sloppy Seconds was an American humor book that was published in 1974. The book was a special issue of National Lampoon magazine so it was sold on newsstands however it was put out in addition to the regular issues of the magazine.The book is a best-of an anthology a compilation of pieces that had already been published in the magazine pieces that had been created by the National Lampoon's regular contributors.
 The Journal of Pakistan Medical Association is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Pakistan Medical Association. It publishes editorials original articles case reports and letters concerning medicine and health practices. The editor-in-chief is Fatema Jawad.
 The Last Command is the third book in the Thrawn Trilogy by Timothy Zahn.
 The Mid Somerset Series consists of four paid-for newspapers published in Somerset England. They include the Wells Journal Shepton Mallet Journal Central Somerset Gazette and Cheddar Valley Gazette which cover the area of Wells Glastonbury Street Shepton Mallet Cheddar and the surrounding villages.In 2012 Local World acquired owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.
 Moominvalley in November (Swedish: Sent i november 'Late in November'; Finnish: Muumilaakson marraskuu) is the ninth and final book in the Moomin series by Finnish author Tove Jansson and was first published in both her native Swedish and English in 1971. Set contemporaneously with her previous novel Moominpappa at Sea (1965) it is the only installment in the series where the titular Moomin family are actually absent.
 A Bridge to Wiseman's Cove (1996) is a novel by Australian author James Moloney. The novel features the life of a 15-year-old boy Carl Matt and his dysfunctional family.
 Magimoji Rurumo (まじもじるるも) is a Japanese manga series by Wataru Watanabe author of the manga series Yowamushi Pedal. The series follows Kōta Shibaki a high school student who trains with a witch named Rurumo through the use of magic tickets. However whenever a ticket is used to make a wish Shibaki's life will be shortened.The first manga series was serialized in Kodansha's Monthly Shōnen Sirius magazine from October 2007 to 2011.
 The Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society (Bot. J. Linn.
 The Daily American is an American daily newspaper in West Frankfort Illinois. In 1987 the paper was acquired by Hollinger. Current owner GateHouse Media purchased roughly 160 daily and weekly newspapers from Hollinger in 1997. GateHouse also owns The Benton Evening News another daily covering Franklin County Illinois.
 A New Alice in the Old Wonderland is a novel by Anna Matlack Richards written in 1895 and published by J. B. Lippincott of Philadelphia. It is according to Carolyn Sigler one of the more important Alice imitations or novels inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice books.It concerns Alice Lee an American girl with a coincidental name visiting Wonderland and meeting all the characters she has read about in the original Alice book.
 The Little Friend is the second novel by Donna Tartt published in 2002 a decade after her first novel The Secret History.
 Feersum Endjinn is a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks first published in 1994. It won a British Science Fiction Association Award in 1994.It was Banks' second science fiction novel not based upon or set within the Culture universe.
 The New Deadwardians is an eight issue comic book series by Dan Abnett with artwork by I.N.J. Culbard. The series began publication in March 2012 by Vertigo. Abnett has stated that The New Deadwardians will span eight issues but that We already have a very very nice idea where we would go next with it both in terns of the geopolitics of the world but a very specific other case for a second series.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Eighth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0-312-54633-5) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published on July 5 2011. It is the 28th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series. It won the Locus Award for best anthology.
 Inubaka: Crazy for Dogs (いぬばか Inubaka lit. Dog Idiot) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yukiya Sakuragi. Inubaka: Crazy for Dogs was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Young Jump and published in the United States by Viz Media with a preview in the new Animerica. As of January 1 2011 the series has gone on a hiatus or most likely cancelled in North America.
 Lenin: A Biography is a biography of the Marxist theorist and revolutionary Vladimir Lenin written by the English historian Robert Service then a professor in Russian History at the University of Oxford. It was first published by Macmillan in 2000 and later republished in other languages.
 Everything Bad Is Good for You: How Today's Popular Culture Is Actually Making Us Smarter is a non-fiction book written by Steven Berlin Johnson. Published in 2005 it is based upon Johnson's theory that popular culture – in particular television programs and video games – has grown more complex and demanding over time and is improving the society within terms of intelligence and idea. The book's claims especially related to the proposed benefits of television drew media attention.
 CardioVascular and Interventional Radiology (CVIR) is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of the Cardiovascular and Interventional Radiological Society of Europe and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. Founded in 1978 by Professors Herbert L.
 Tales from the Town of Widows is a lyrical novel written by Colombian-born author James Cañón. It tells the story of Mariquita a mountain village that’s forever altered the day a band of communist guerrillas forcibly recruits all but three of its men.
 The Capital is a daily newspaper published in Annapolis Maryland since 1884. Its sister newspaper The Gazette is one of the oldest newspapers in America its origins dating back to the early 18th century. The Capital serves the city of Annapolis much of Anne Arundel County and neighboring Kent Island in Queen Anne's County.
 Blackthorn Winter is a young adult mystery novel by Kathryn Reiss. The book was first published on January 1 2006 through Harcourt Children's Books.
 The Ox-Bow Incident is a 1940 western novel by Walter Van Tilburg Clark in which two drifters are drawn into a lynch mob to find and hang three men presumed to be rustlers and the killers of a local man.Clifton Fadiman writing an introduction to the Readers Club edition called it a mature unpitying examination of what causes men to love violence and to transgress justice and the best novel of its year. In 1943 the novel was adapted into an Academy Award-nominated movie of the same name directed by William A. 
 The Rookie is a science fiction sports novel by New York Times best-selling novelist Scott Sigler. It is the beginning of Sigler's Galactic Football League Series. It was released in both podcast and print versions in 2009.
 The Journal of Alzheimer's Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by IOS Press covering the etiology pathogenesis epidemiology genetics treatment and psychology of Alzheimer's disease. The journal publishes research reports reviews short communications hypotheses book reviews and letters-to-the-editor. The editor-in-chief is George Perry (University of Texas at San Antonio). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.174.
 Generation is a student publication that operates out of the State University of New York at Buffalo in Buffalo New York. Founded in 1984 by Eric Francis Coppolino it is a fortnightly magazine with wide-ranging news arts literary and sports features concerning both campus and community events and issues.
 Lobster is a novella written by Guillaume Lecasble translated by Poly McLean and published in the UK by Dedalus Books in 2005.
 Eight Episodes is a science fiction short story by Robert Reed. It was first published in the June 2006 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction.
 The Journal of Electronic Defense is a monthly magazine of military science covering developments in the fields of electronic warfare and signals intelligence. It was established in 1978 and is published by the Association of Old Crows an international aerospace and electronic warfare association based in the United States.
 Amos Fortune Free Man is a biographical novel by Elizabeth Yates that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1951. It is about a young African prince who when people come and attack his tribe is captured and taken to America as a slave. He masters a trade frees himself by his own efforts and dies a respected citizen.
 The Instrumentalist is an American monthly magazine for music educators — focusing on scholastic band and orchestra — and performing artists and composers. Founded by Traugott Rohner (1906–1991) its first publication was dated September/October 1946. Its original address was in Glen Ellyn Illinois.
 Batman: Gates of Gotham is a five-issue monthly comic book limited series published by DC Comics involving the various characters of the Batman franchise. It is written by Scott Snyder and Kyle Higgins and illustrated by Trevor McCarthy. The first issue was published May 18 2011.
 The Zanzibar Cat is a feminist science fiction collection of short stories by Joanna Russ first published in 1983 by Arkham House. It was the author's first collection of short fiction and was published in an edition of 3526 copies. The story When It Changed won a Nebula Award in 1972. Old Thoughts Old Balances won a 1977 O. Henry Prize under the title The Autobiography of My Mother.
 Loot and Other Stories is set of ten short stories by the South African writer Nadine Gordimer published in 2003.
 Parameters is a quarterly academic journal published by the United States Army War College.
 Dwellers in Darkness is a collection of stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1976 by Arkham House in an edition of 3926 copies. It was the author's eighth collection of stories published by Arkham House. Two stories from Derleth's Judge Peck series are included in the collection. Also included is Ghost Lake the last story completed by Derleth before he died in 1971.
 Jewels from the Moon and The Meteor That Couldn't Stay is a 1964 children's science fiction book written by Eleanor Cameron and illustrated by Vic Dowd. Although the book features characters from Cameron's five Mushroom Planet books it is tangential to the series. In fact it is little known even to fans of the series because it was It was designed as a school reading book and was distributed in that manner by the American Book Company.
 Ammon (in Arabic عمون) also known as Ammon News is a private news agency and alternative news body based in Amman Jordan. It is the first online newspaper of Jordan. The agency has both Arabic and English language websites. The name of the agency Ammon refers to ancient name of Amman capital city of Jordan.
 The Trouble with Islam Today original title The Trouble with Islam is a 2004 book critical of Islam written by Irshad Manji styled in an open-letter addressed to concerned citizens worldwide - Muslim or not.
 Le Fantasque was a liberal newspaper created in 1837 in Quebec Canada by Napoléon Aubin. It was published until 1845. Its style was humorous and used literary irony against censorship.
 The Black Gauntlet: A Tale of Plantation Life in South Carolina (also known as simply The Black Gauntlet) is an anti-Tom novel written in 1860 by Mary Howard Schoolcraft published under her married name of Mrs. Henry Rowe Schoolcraft.
 Boston is a novel by Upton Sinclair. It is a documentary novel that combines the facts of the case with journalistic depictions of actual participants and fictional characters and events. Sinclair indicted the American system of justice by setting his characters in the context of the prosecution and execution of Sacco and Vanzetti.
 A Salty Piece of Land is a 2004 novel by bestselling author and songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It is about a fictional American westerner Tully Mars who goes to work repairing an island lighthouse. Buffett first introduced the character Tully Mars in his earlier work Tales from Margaritaville. The book includes a CD single with a song of the same title as the book.
 The Sword of Rhiannon is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett set in her usual venue of Mars. A 1942 Brackett story The Sorceror of Rhiannon also uses the name; however it is the name of a place rather than a character.
 The Sacred Hill (French: La colline inspirée) is a 1913 novel by the French writer Maurice Barrès.
 The Journal of Mass Spectrometry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of mass spectrometry including instrument design and development ionization processes mechanisms and energetics of gaseous ion reactions spectroscopy of gaseous ions theoretical aspects ion structure analysis of compounds of biological interest methodology development applications to elemental analysis and inorganic chemistry computer-related applications and developments and environmental chemistry and other fields that use innovative aspects of mass spectrometry. 
 One Morning in Maine is a picture book by Robert McCloskey set in Brooksville Maine. It was awarded the Caldecott Honor in 1953.
 The International Journal of Asian Studies is an academic journal covering research in the social sciences and humanities as pertaining to Asia. The journal was established in 2004 and is published on behalf of the Institute for Advanced Studies on Asia University of Tokyo.
 The Parodius (パロディウス Parodiusu) series is a series of horizontally scrolling shooters developed by Konami. The games are tongue-in-cheek parodies of Gradius hence the name (Parodius is a portmanteau of Parody and Gradius). It also parodies many other Konami franchises including Antarctic Adventure Castlevania Xexex Axelay[citation needed] Thunder Cross Taisen Puzzle-Dama Space Manbow Ganbare Goemon Lethal Enforcers Tokimeki Memorial and TwinBee.
 Barnaby Rudge: A Tale of the Riots of Eighty (commonly known as Barnaby Rudge) is a historical novel by British novelist Charles Dickens. Barnaby Rudge was one of two novels (the other was The Old Curiosity Shop) that Dickens published in his short-lived (1840–1841) weekly serial Master Humphrey's Clock. Barnaby Rudge is largely set during the Gordon Riots of 1780.Barnaby Rudge was the fifth of Dickens' novels to be published.
 The Monastery: a Romance (1820) is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott. Along with The Abbot it is one of Scott's Tales from Benedictine Sources and is set in the time of Mary Queen of Scots and the Elizabethan period.
 The Wernigerode Armorial (Bavarian State Library Cod.icon.
 Forza Milan! is a monthly Italian sports magazine entirely dedicated to the football club A.C. Milan. It features articles posters and photos of AC Milan players including both the first team players and the youth system kids as well as club employees. It also feature anecdotes and famous episodes from the club's history.
 Skulduggery Pleasant: the end of the world is a novella released on 23–24 February 2012 (depending on the country) although it was originally intended to be released on March 1 for World Book Day. It is set a few months after the 6th book in the Skulduggery Pleasant series.
 El Be Negre meaning The Black Sheep was an illustrated satirical weekly magazine written in Catalan. Published in Barcelona between 1931 and 1936 its life and destiny were closely linked to those of the ill-fated Second Spanish Republic.Josep Maria Planes i Martí the director of the magazine was assassinated by a group of anarchists in the turbulent times that swept over the city of Barcelona at the beginning of the Spanish Civil War.
 The State (German: Der Staat) is a book by German sociologist Franz Oppenheimer first published in Germany in 1908. Oppenheimer wrote the book in Frankfurt am Main during 1907 as a fragment of the four-volume System of Sociology an intended interpretative framework for the understanding of social evolution on which he laboured from the 1890s until the end of his life. The work summarizes Oppenheimer's general theory on the origin development and future transformation of the state.
 Breakshot: A Life in the 21st Century American Mafia is an American memoir by Kenny Kenji Gallo a former member of the Colombo Crime Family and The Milano Brothers who became an informant in the federal witness protection program. The book which was titled after the undercover code name the FBI gave him was released by Phoenix Books in August 2009 with co-writer Matthew Randazzo V.
 Serena is a 2008 novel by Ron Rash. Set in 1930s North Carolina the novel tells the story of newlywed couple Serena and George Pemberton and their timber business. It was listed as #34 on the New York Times Bestseller list for Hardcover Fiction in the November 2 2008 issue of The New York Times Book Review. It has been adapted into a film by the same name starring Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence. The film is to be released in September 2014.
 The 9th Judgment is the title for the ninth book in the Women's Murder Club series featuring Lindsay Boxer by New York Times Bestselling author James Patterson and was released in 2010.
 Eurasian Geography and Economics is an academic journal in economic and political geography as well as in macro economics of the Eurasian continent published in association with the Kennan Institute for Advanced Russian Studies. With an impact factor consistently higher than 1 it ranks first in the Area Studies category in the ISI classification.
 The RAF News is the tabloid newspaper of the Royal Air Force.Published every fortnight the paper brings the latest news features on topical issues and life in the service developments in military aviation and air power reviews of significant events and changing times during the history of the RAF. The RAF News is available on subscription or can be ordered through news agents and is sent to many different parts of the world.
 The Journal of Enzyme Inhibition and Medicinal Chemistry is a bimonthlypeer-reviewed medical journal that covers research on enzyme inhibitors and inhibitory processes as well as agonist/antagonist receptor interactions in the development of medicinal and anti-cancer agents. The editor-in-chief is H. John Smith (Cardiff University).
 Die Tageszeitung (English: “The daily newspaper” often displayed as die tageszeitung and commonly referred to as taz) was founded in 1978 in Berlin. It is a cooperative-owned German daily newspaper which is administrated by a workers' self-management.
 The Lindsay Post was a newspaper in Lindsay Ontario Canada that was established as The Canadian Post in 1857 in Beaverton before being moved to Lindsay in 1861.
 Shōnen Sunday Super (少年サンデー超 Shōnen Sandē Sūpā) is a bi-monthly shōnen manga magazine published by Shogakukan.
 Yours Turly Shirley is a children's novel written by Ann M. Martin published in 1988. The title is often mistaken as Yours Truly Shirley.
 Three Men Out is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1954. The book comprises three stories that first appeared in The American Magazine: Invitation to Murder (August 1953 as Will to Murder) The Zero Clue (December 1953 as Scared to Death) This Won't Kill You (September 1952 as This Will Kill You)
 The Picture is a weekly Australian men's mag published by Bauer Media Group. It has been published since 1988.The Picture is the biggest-selling full-priced men's magazine in Australia.Jack Marx and Paul Toohey both Walkley Award winners have worked on The Picture.
 Kurogane (黒鉄 Black Steel) also known as Black Steel is a manga series written and illustrated by manga artist Kei Toume. It had a limited run from 1996 to 1997 and consists 5 volumes and 14 chapters (which are further separated into episodes). It was released in America from June 2006 to June 2007.
 Stichus is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
 Simulation and Gaming is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers the field of computer simulation including virtual reality and educational games. The editor-in-chief is David Crookall (Université de Nice-Sophia). It was established in 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Needle is a 1950 novel written by Hal Clement originally published the previous year in Astounding Science Fiction magazine. The book was notable in that it broke new ground in the science fiction field by postulating an alien lifeform not hostile which could live within the human body.[citation needed] Also published as From Outer Space the book would in 1978 spark the sequel Through the Eye of a Needle.
 Wisconsin Trails magazine is a bimonthly regional magazine that covers life around the state of Wisconsin from people history and culture to travel nature and environmentalism. Its circulation as of mid-2007 was about 50000.
 The Siege is a historical novel by the English writer Helen Dunmore. It is set in Leningrad just before and during the Siege of Leningrad by German forces in World War II.
 Shadowmarch is the first novel in the Shadowmarch tetralogy by Tad Williams. It was released in hardcover on November 2 2004 and in trade paperback on November 1 2005. A paperback edition was released in September 2006. The second book in the series Shadowplay was published on March 6 2007 in hardcover and on March 4 2008 in paperback in both the USA and the UK. The third book in the series Shadowrise was released in hardcover on March 2 2010.
 Timothy of the Cay is a book written by Theodore Taylor. It is a prequel for Timothy and a sequel for Phillip to The Cay.
 SWAT (special weapons & tactics for the prepared American) is a monthly magazine dedicated to firearms law enforcement and other tactical-related activities in the United States with a special focus on SWAT police officers. The magazine primarily offers reviews on guns ammunition tactics training shooting gear; as well as self-defense and alerts on firearm rights.
 Kosmati predsednik is a novel by Slovenian author Matjaž Podlogar. It was first published in 2010.
 Quicker Than the Eye (ISBN 0-380-97380-4 1996 Avon Books) is a collection of short stories by American writer Ray Bradbury published nearly a decade after his last collection.
 Libération (French: [li.be.ʁa.sjɔ̃]; known as Libé [li.be]) is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris by Jean-Paul Sartre and Serge July in 1973 in the wake of the protest movements of May 1968. Originally an extreme left newspaper it has undergone a number of shifts during the 1980s and 1990s to take the social democrat position.
 Five Minutes (Portuguese: Cinco Minutos) is the debut novel by Brazilian writer José de Alencar. It was initially published under feuilleton form at the journal Diário do Rio de Janeiro in 1856 being so popular that it was re-released under hardcover form a few years later.
 Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées (Letters of Two Brides) is an epistolary novel by the French writer Honoré de Balzac. It was serialized in the French newspaper La Presse in 1841 and published by Furne in 1842 as the first work in the second volume (Scènes de la vie privée tome II or Scenes from Private Life Volume 2) of Balzac's La Comédie humaine. It was dedicated to the French novelist George Sand. The first English translation of the novel appeared in 1902 with a preface by Henry James.
 Mnemozina was a quarterly literary almanac published in Moscow from 1824 to 1825. The full title in the Russian language is Мнемозина собрание сочинений в стихах и прозе (Mnemozina collected works in verse and prose) and was a reference to Mnemosyne a persona in Greek mythology embodying memory. The main editors were Wilhelm Küchelbecker and Vladimir Odoevsky.
 The Far Side of Nowhere is a collection of fantasy and horror stories by author Nelson Bond. It was released in 2002 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of approximately 2500 copies. The stories originally appeared in Amazing Stories Blue Book Fantastic Adventures Weird Tales and other magazines.
 The New Formalist is a U.S.-based literary periodical published (since 2001) monthly in electronic form and once a year in print form. Distributed by The New Formalist Press and edited by Leo Yankevich it has published many of the leading formal poets writing in English today.Published poets include Jared Carter Keith Holyoak Alfred Dorn T. S. Kerrigan Richard T. Moore Joseph S. Salemi and Frederick Turner.The New Formalist also publishes The New Formalist E-book Series.
 Tigers of the Sea is a collection of fantasy short stories by Robert E. Howard about the pirate Cormac Mac Art a Gael who leads a band of Vikings during the reign of the mythical King Arthur. It was first published in 1973 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 3400 copies. The stories feature Howard's character Cormac Mac Art; the volume was edited by Richard L. Tierney.
 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die is a film reference book edited by Steven Jay Schneider with original essays on each film contributed by over 70 film critics. It is a part of a series designed and produced by Quintessence Editions a London-based company and published in English-language versions by Cassell Illustrated (UK) ABC Books (the publishing division of Australian Broadcasting Corporation) and Barron's (USA).
 The Journal of Higher Education is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering higher education. The journal was established in 1930. It is published by the Ohio State University Press on behalf of the Association for the Study of Higher Education. The editor-in-chief is Scott L. Thomas (Claremont Graduate University).
 For the film see Term of TrialTerm of Trial is a novel by British author James Barlow first published in 1961 by Hamish Hamilton. The story is divided between a school environment and a courtroom after a weak alcoholic schoolteacher is accused of indecently assaulting a female pupil. The book was adapted for a film the following year
 A Damsel in Distress is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on 4 October 1919 by George H. Doran New York and in the United Kingdom by Herbert Jenkins London on 15 October 1919.
 Little Women is a novel by American author Louisa May Alcott (1832–1888) which was originally published in two volumes in 1868 and 1869.
 Tabletalk founded 1987 is a weekly local newspaper in the West Coast region of Cape Town South Africa. It is published once a week by Cape Community Newspapers a division of Independent Newspapers Cape. The newspaper is distributed free to West Coast suburbs including Milnerton Table View Blouberg West Beach Parklands Sunset Beach and Big Bay. As of November 2011 circulation is 60582.
 Summa Iniuria: Ein Pitaval der Justizirrtümer (Summa Iniuria: A Pitaval of Miscarriages of Justice) is a collection of causes célèbres by the Swiss author Hans M. Sutermeister. It is considered “one of the most detailed documentations about miscarriages of justice in the German language”. It is inspired by Voltaire′s early activism against French miscarriages of justice of puritan origin as well as by Arthur Conan Doyle′s criminalistic approaches.
 Queen Victoria: Demon Hunter is a 2009 novel by A. E. Moorat. It is a story based on the life of Queen Victoria but incorporating a fictional account of her dealings with demons.
 Organizational Research Methods is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Research Methods Division of the Academy of Management. It covers research methods in organizational and management studies including both qualitative and quantitative approaches. The editor-in-chief is José M. Cortina (George Mason University).
 Army Times (ISSN 0004-2595) is a weekly newspaper serving active reserve guard and retired United States Army personnel and their families providing news information and analysis as well as community and lifestyle features educational supplements and resource guides.Army Times is published by the Gannett Government Media Corporation which is a part of Gannett Company (NYSE:GCI).
 Karma Cola is a non-fiction book about India written by Gita Mehta originally published in 1979.
 Thom Pain (based on nothing) is a one man show written by Will Eno. It is a rambling monologue in which the protagonist who has suffered a lot in his life tells the story of a bee sting a boy with a dog that died and his experience with a woman.
 Grim Tuesday is a novel written by Garth Nix in 2004 and was first published in the USA by Scholastic Press and in Great Britain by HarperCollins Children's Books. It is the second book in the Keys to the Kingdom series and it focuses on Arthur Penhaligon’s quest to regain his place as the rightful heir. Grim Tuesday is afflicted with the deadly sin of greed.
 BusinessWorld is a business newspaper in the Philippines with a nationwide circulation of more than 100000 (as of February 2014). Originally published in 1967 as Business Day it is Southeast Asia's first daily business newspaper.
 Kaler Kantho (Bengali: দৈনিক কালের কণ্ঠ Daily Voice of Time) is one of the most popular Bengali newspapers in Bangladesh. It was founded by popular Bangladeshi journalist Abed Khan and first published in Dhaka on 10 January 2010. Mr. Khan also acted as its first editor; he would resign in June 2011. Imdadul Haq Milon is now its present editor.
 The Warning is the 16th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Jake.
 The Clockwork Girl is an all-ages/science fiction/fantasy comic series created by Sean O’Reilly and Kevin Hanna that ran for six issues and was published in a collected edition for the first time in 2008.Clockwork Girl tells the tale of a nameless robot girl who has recently been given the gift of life from her creator.
 Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry Letters is a scientific journal focusing on the results of research on the molecular structure of biological organisms and the interaction of biological targets with chemical agents. It is published by Elsevier which also publishes Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry for longer works.
 Blood of Elves (Polish original title: Krew elfów) is the first novel in the Witcher Saga written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Sapkowski first published in Poland in 1994 (English translation was published in late 2008). It's a sequel to the Witcher short stories collected in the books The Last Wish and Miecz przeznaczenia (A Sword of Destiny) and is followed by Czas pogardy (Times of Contempt).
 Poil de carotte (Carrot Head) is a long short story or autobiographical novel by Jules Renard published in 1894 which recounts the childhood and the trials of a redheaded child. It is probably in this miserable childhood story where one should look for the origins of Renard's skepticism and irony his skill in using litotes his dense and precise style and his harsh method of observation. The story unfolds in a series of short sketches.
 Travels in the Scriptorium is a novel by Paul Auster first published in 2007.Elements from most past Auster novels all converge in this book: every character other than the protagonist Mr. Blank is taken from a previous novel with yet more characters mentioned peripherally.
 The Last Celt: A Bio–Bibliography of Robert Ervin Howard is a biography and bibliography of Robert E. Howard by Glenn Lord. It was first published by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in 1976 in an edition of 2600 copies.
 The Confessions of Nat Turner is a 1967 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by U.S. writer William Styron. Presented as a first-person narrative by historical figure Nat Turner the novel concerns the slave revolt in Virginia in 1831.
 The Fountain is a bi-monthly magazine of scientific and spiritual thought published by The Light Inc. It has been published since 1993 as a quarterly magazine till 2008. The Fountain is located in New Jersey with offices in Istanbul Moscow Cairo Sydney and Kuala Lumpur.The Fountain covers a wide range of topics including interfaith dialog science technology arts culture and society from a faith perspective (especially Islam).
 Hemlock Grove is a 2012 Horror-thriller debut novel by American author Brian McGreevy. The book was released on March 27 2012 through Farrar Straus and Giroux and is set in the fictional town of Hemlock Grove Pennsylvania. A graphic novel tie-in and a television series based on the events in the book have been produced.Critical reception for the book was mixed with the New York Times giving an ambivalent review.
 Limes inferior (Latin for lower limit) is a social science fiction dystopian novel written in 1982 by the Polish author Janusz A. Zajdel. Limes inferior one of Zajdel's best known works is a dystopia showing a grim vision of a future society resulting from a merger of the two systems competing at the time - communism and capitalism.
 Thérèse Desqueyroux [teʁɛz deskeʁu] is one of the most famous of François Mauriac's novels.
 Hajime no Ippo (はじめの一歩 THE FIGHTING! Lit. The First Step of the Beginning) is a Japanese boxing manga series written and illustrated by George Morikawa. It has been serialized by Kodansha in Weekly Shōnen Magazine since 1989 and collected in over 106 tankōbon to date.
 Wild Butterfly (国境の蝶 Kokkyō no Chō) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hiroki Kusumoto. Oakla Publishing released the manga on January 12 2007. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on August 12 2008.
 The Fox Run is a novel that was written by David L. Robbins in 1986. It is the first novel in the Endworld series and was published by Leisure Books.
 A Void translated from the original French La Disparition (literally The Disappearance) is a 300-page French lipogrammatic novel written in 1969 by Georges Perec entirely without using the letter e (except for the author's name) following Oulipo constraints.
 R-15 (あーるじゅうご Āru Jūgo) is a Japanese light novel series written by Hiroyuki Fushimi and illustrated by Takuya Fujima. The first volume was published by Kadokawa Shoten in July 2009 and eight volumes have been released as of July 2011. A manga adaptation illustrated by Hayato Ōhashi started serialization in the June 2010 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Shōnen Ace magazine. An anime TV series adaptation began airing in Japan in July 2011.
 The Journal of Ethics is a philosophical academic journal focusing on ethics. Its editor in chief is J. Angelo Corlett.The journal was established in 1997 and is published by Springer Netherlands. Notable contributors are Simon Blackburn Gerald Cohen Ronald Dworkin Harry Frankfurt Ted Honderich Christine Korsgaard Martha Nussbaum Peter Singer and Peter van Inwagen.
 The Southwest Times Record is a daily newspaper in Fort Smith Arkansas and covers ten counties in western Arkansas and eastern Oklahoma. It is owned and published by Stephens Media LLC.
 Magic Item Compendium (ISBN 978-0-7869-4345-6) is a book written for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Best of Philip K. Dick is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1977. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Planet Stories Fantasy and Science Fiction Space Science Fiction Imagination Astounding Stories Galaxy Science Fiction Amazing Stories Science Fiction Stories and Startling Stories as well as the anthologies Dangerous Visions and Star Science Fiction Stories No.3.
 Inland Empire Magazine is a lifestyle magazine focused on entertainment dining and other topics related to the Inland Empire Metropolitan Area of Southern California. The magazine's offices are located at 3769 Tibbetts Avenue Suite A Riverside California zip code 92506.
 Burning Down the House: Fighting Fires and Losing Myself is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer Russell Wangersky first published in April 2009 by Thomas Allen Publishers. In the book the author chronicles his experiences as a volunteer firefighter in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland.
 Modern Theology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. It publishes articles review articles and book reviews in the area of theology with an ecumenical editorial policy.
 Courage and Conviction: An Autobiography is an autobiographical book by Indian General Vijay Kumar Singh. It was first published by Aleph Book Company in 2013. In it Singh criticises various situations in which he was involved including alleged corruption in the Indian government and the role of Indira Gandhi in Operation Bluestar.
 Black Heart of Jamaica is the fifth book in the Cat Royal series by British author Julia Golding. In this story the protagonist Cat becomes a pirate and gets involved with Pedro in a slave revolt.
 The Brothers Lionheart (Swedish: Bröderna Lejonhjärta) is a children's fantasy novel written by Astrid Lindgren. It was published in the autumn of 1973 and has been translated into 46 languages. Many of its themes are unusually dark and heavy for the children's book genre. Disease death tyranny betrayal and rebellion are some of the dark themes that permeate the story.
 Queen Zixi of Ix or The Story of the Magic Cloak is a children's book written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by Frederick Richardson. It was originally serialized in the early 20th-century American children's magazine St. Nicholas from November 1904 to October 1905 and was published in book form later in 1905 by The Century Company.
 The Hacker Crackdown: Law and Disorder on the Electronic Frontier is a work of nonfiction by Bruce Sterling first published in 1992.The book discusses watershed events in the hacker subculture in the early 1990s.
 Krónika (Chronicle) is a Hungarian-language Romanian broadsheet newspaper based in Cluj-Napoca. It has the largest audience of all Hungarian-language national broadsheet newspaper in Romania. The circulation is approximately 80000.
 The International Multilingual Research Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal in linguistics focusing on the study of multilingualism. It includes a book review section. The journal was established in 2007 with Alfredo Artiles and Terrence G. Wiley as founding editors-in-chief. Jeff MacSwan succeeded Wiley as co-editor in 2011.
 The Faber Book of Irish Verse was a poetry anthology edited by John Montague and first published in 1974 by Faber and Faber. Recognised as an important collection it has been described as 'the only general anthology of Irish verse in the past 30 years that has a claim to be a work of art in itself ... still the freshest introduction to the full range of Irish poetry'. According to Montague I'm dealing with a thousand years of Irish verse in under four hundred pages.
 Morning's Gone is a 2006 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary about Matt Durban an Australian Labor Party politician who is challenging for his party's leadership. Cleary originally wanted to write a purely political novel but then developed the character of Carmel Duban's wife during the writing of it. The book evolved to become more about the story of their marriage.
 The Shadow Club is a book written by Neal Shusterman about two middle school students Jared Mercer and Cheryl Gannett who see themselves as the second best students in their school at the activities that they do best.
 The Arte de la lengua mexicana y castellana is a grammar of the Nahuatl language in Spanish by Alonso de Molina. It was published in Mexico in 1571 the same year as his monumental dictionary Vocabulario en lengua castellana y mexicana.The grammar is rudimentary but does contain some insights on certain points especially on pronunciation and orthography.The Arte was republished in a facsimile edition in 1945.
 Big Blue Disk was a monthly disk magazine that was published by Softdisk Publishing starting in 1986 getting its name from the nickname for IBM Big Blue. It carried various games and applications for DOS as well as reviews and various extras. Some of them were freeware or shareware or demo versions of commercial programs but other material was original to the disk magazine. When it began it was published on 5¼ floppy diskettes but it was later published on 3½ disks and CD-ROMs.
 Dear Mr. Henshaw is a juvenile epistolary novel by Beverly Cleary which was awarded the Newbery Medal in 1984. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 Private Guns Public Health is a 2004 non-fiction book by David Hemenway an economist who has served as Professor of Health Policy at the Harvard School of Public Health as well as the Director of Harvard's Injury Control Research Center. He argues that the widespread ownership of firearms in private hands in the U.S.
 Politique internationale is a quarterly French political affairs magazine covering international relations. It has published interviews with leaders both from France and the rest of the world. It organizes eight to ten Breakfast Round Tables a year bringing together members of the editorial board and a guest of honor.
 Dream Saga (Japanese: 夢幻伝説 タカマガハラ Hepburn: Mugen Densetsu Takamagahara) is a shōjo (targeted towards girls) manga by Megumi Tachikawa. From the February 1997 issue to the June 1999 issue it appeared as a serial in the Japanese manga magazine Nakayoshi. Kodansha compiled the twenty-seven chapters into five bound volumes and published them from October 1997 to September 1999. It is a fantasy adventure tale about a young girl called Yuuki Wakasa who one day acquires a magical red stone.
 Refugees from an Imaginary Country is a collection of dark fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer. It was first published in hardcover and trade paperback by W. Paul Ganley and Owlswick Press in March 1999.The collection consists of nineteen early works of the author including one of his tales about the legendary madman Tom O'Bedlam. The pieces were originally published from 1988-1997 in various speculative fiction magazines and anthologies.
 Kerokero Ace (ケロケロエース Kerokero Ēsu) is a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten. The magazine is aimed at boys between 9 to 13 years old. It is directly focused on the Sgt. Frog series and other works promoted by Bandai such as Gundam. The magazine contains manga comics computer game reviews merchandise promotions and gifts.
 Studia Phaenomenologica is a peer-reviewed academic journal dedicated to the study of phenomenology and hermeneutics. It was established in 2001 by the Romanian Society for Phenomenology and the founding editors-in-chief were Gabriel Cercel and Cristian Ciocan. The journal is published in cooperation with the Centrul de Studii Fenomenologice at the University of Bucharest. All issues are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Übel Blatt (ユーベルブラット Yūberu Buratto Evil Blade) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Etorōji Shiono. It is serialized in the semi-monthly seinen manga magazine Young Gangan since December 2004 with the chapters having been collected into 15 tankōbon volumes as of October 2013. The story of Übel Blatt takes place in a medieval fantasy-like landscape.
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days the fourth book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series.It was released on October 12 2009 in the USA and October 13 2009 in Canada.
 Teckla is the third novel in Steven Brust's Vlad Taltos series. Originally printed in 1987 by Ace Books it was reprinted in 1999 in the omnibus The Book of Jhereg along with Jhereg and Yendi. Following the trend of the Vlad Taltos books it is named after one of the Great Houses in Brust's fantasy world of Dragaera and features that House as an important element to its plot.
 DevaShard is a manhua series projected to run for a total of 25 graphic books with each book being 52 pages long. The first book in the series is DevaShard: At First Light It is the first publication from Fluid Comics.The story is inspired by the ancient Indian mythological text the Mahabharata and focuses around the life story of the character Karna.
 Free Air is a 1919 novel written by Sinclair Lewis. A silent movie adaptation of the novel was also released on April 30 1922. The film starred Tom Douglas as Milt Daggett and Marjorie Seaman as Claire Boltwood.
 The Big Necessity: The Unmentionable World of Human Waste and Why It Matters (published in the United Kingdom as The Big Necessity: Adventures in the World of Human Waste) written by Rose George is a descriptive representation of the history advancement cultural variation solutions and international need of sanitation. This work written for the purpose of global awareness of sanitation highlights the current state of a global crisis.
 Mamotte Shugogetten (まもって守護月天! Mamotte Shugogetten!) is a manga by Minene Sakurano which was serialized in the monthly magazine Shōnen GanGan from 1997 to 2000. A continuation was published in Comic Blade titled Mamotte Shugogetten! Retrouvailles (まもって守護月天! 再逢 Mamotte Shugogetten! Retoruba) from 2002 to 2005. The manga was adapted into a 22-episode anime TV series produced by Toei Animation which aired from 1998 throughout 1999.
 Die Freundin (English: The Girlfriend: Journal for Ideal Friendship between Women) was a popular Weimar-era German lesbian magazine published from 1924 to 1933.
 Hideaway is a novel written by Dean Koontz and published by Putnam in 1992. It is a supernatural thriller centering on an antique dealer named Hatch Harrison who develops a telepathic connection with a serial killer after a car accident leaves him clinically dead for over eighty minutes. It was made into a film of the same name starring Jeff Goldblum and Alicia Silverstone in 1995.
 Political Repression in Modern America from 1870 to 1976 is a historical account of significant civil liberties violations concerning American political dissidents since 1870 – a date demarcating the close of the Civil War decade and the development of the modern American industrial state.
 Described as The Modern Voice of Classic Elegance The Rake is a bimonthly men's style and artisanal luxury publication that was launched in December 2008 and published by Revolution Press International.The magazine takes an educational in-depth behind-the-scenes approach to luxury goods and classic men's style.
 Neues Jahrbuch für Geologie und Paläontologie is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in geology and paleontology. The journal is published monthly with 4 volumes per year.
 Archiv für das Studium der neueren Sprachen und Literaturen is the oldest[citation needed] modern philological journal founded in 1846 by Ludwig Herrig and Heinrich Viehoff. The first two volumes were published by Julius Bädeker Verlag Elberfeld and Iserlohn and for the next 120 years by Georg Westermann Verlag Braunschweig (now Westermann Druck- und Verlagsgruppe). Since 1979 the journal is published by Erich Schmidt Verlag Berlin.
 Brynhildr in the Darkness (極黒のブリュンヒルデ Gokukoku no Buryunhirude lit. Extreme-Black Brynhildr) is a science fiction Japanese manga series by Lynn Okamoto that began serialization in Shueisha's seinen manga magazine Weekly Young Jump in January 2012. A television anime adaptation by Arms started airing on April 6 2014.
 Smoke (Russian Дым Dym) is an 1867 novel by the Russian writer Ivan Turgenev (1818–1883) that tells the story of a love affair between a young Russian man and a young married Russian woman while also delivering the author's criticism of Russia and Russians of the period. The story takes place largely in the German resort town of Baden-Baden.
 Historia is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in the history of the Americas and Chile. It was established in 1961.
 Lothair (1870) was the first novel written by Benjamin Disraeli after his first term as Prime Minister. It deals with the comparative merits of the Catholic and Anglican churches as heirs of Judaism and with the topical question of Italian unification. Though Lothair was a hugely popular work among 19th century readers it now to some extent lies in the shadow of the same author's Coningsby and Sybil.
 9th Sleep is a manga written and illustrated by Makoto Tateno. The manga was first published by Biblos on April 5 2004 before being re-released by Futabasha on May 12 2008. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on 16 December 2009.
 Not Enough Time (足りない時間 Tarinai Jikan) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shoko Hidaka (日高 ショーコ Hidaka Shōko). It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on July 25 2007. It is licensed in Taiwan by Sharp Point Press and in Germany by Carlsen Verlag.
 Fabiola or the Church of the Catacombs is a novel by the English Cardinal Nicholas Wiseman. It was first published in 1854. The novel has been adapted into films twice: a silent film in 1918 and a sound version in 1949.
 The Spare Room is a novel by Australian writer Helen Garner set over the course of three weeks while the narrator Helen cares for a friend dying of bowel cancer. The Spare Room was published in 2008.
 Startling by Each Step also known as Bubu Jingxin (Chinese: 步步驚心) is the debut novel of Chinese writer Tong Hua. Originally published serially online in 2005 on Jinjiang Original Network (晉江原創網) it was later published by Ocean Press (海洋出版社) National Press (民族出版社) Huashan Arts Press (花山文藝出版社) Hunan Literature and Art Publishing House (湖南文藝出版社) and Yeren Culture Publishing (野人文化出版社). Tong Hua revised the novel in 2009 and 2011.
 The Flying Trunk (Den flyvende Kuffert) is a fairy tale by the Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen about a young man who has a flying trunk that carries him to Turkey where he visits the Sultan's daughter. The tale was first published 1839.
 Abigail's Party is a play for stage and television devised and directed in 1977 by Mike Leigh. It is a suburban situation comedy of manners and a satire on the aspirations and tastes of the new middle class that emerged in Britain in the 1970s. The play developed in lengthy improvisations during which Mike Leigh explored the characters with the actors but did not always reveal the incidents that would occur during the play.
 Killing of the Unicorn: Dorothy Stratten 1960-1980 is a book by Peter Bogdanovich detailing the relationship between Bogdanovich and Dorothy Stratten the making of They All Laughed and Stratten's murder. There is also criticism of Hugh Hefner and Playboy and its treatment of women. A review in People magazine called the book:[A] sometimes provocative but relentlessly self-serving version of Stratten's life and death...
 That Summer is the fourth novel by Scottish writer Andrew Greig. It was retitled The Clouds Above: A Novel of Love and War for the U.S. market.
 Yvgenie is a fantasy novel by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was first published in October 1991 in the United States in a hardcover edition by Ballantine Books under its Del Rey Books imprint. Yvgenie is book three of Cherryh's three-book Russian Stories trilogy set in medieval Russia in forests along the Dnieper River near Kiev in modern day Ukraine. The novel draws on Slavic folklore and concerns the fate of a girl who has downed and become a rusalka.
 Whisky Galore is a novel written by Compton Mackenzie published in 1947. It was adapted for the cinema under the title Whisky Galore! released in the United States as Tight Little Island.
 This Bridge Called My Back: Writings by Radical Women of Color is a feminist anthology edited by Cherríe Moraga and Gloria E. Anzaldúa. The anthology was first published in 1981 by Persephone Press and the second edition was published in 1984 by Kitchen Table: Women of Color Press. The book was out in its third edition published by Third Woman Press until 2008 when its contract with Third Woman Press expired and it went out of print.
 Ken Uston's Guide to Buying and Beating the Home Video Games was published in May 1982. The book published by Signet in New York was a brief guide to strategy for many console games in existence at the time. The book was divided into chapters by console type or manufacturer and each chapter had an article on each game title available for that console.
 The Czar's Madman (Estonian: Keisri hull) is a 1978 novel by Estonian writer Jaan Kross.
 The Bellevue Gazette is an American daily newspaper published Tuesdays through Saturdays in Bellevue Ohio.
 A Morbid Taste for Bones is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in May 1137. It is the first novel in The Cadfael Chronicles first published in 1977 (1977 in literature).It was adapted for television in 1996 by Central for ITV.The monks of Shrewsbury Abbey seek the relics of a saint for their chapel in Wales. The locals object to this translation of the relics and a local leader is found murdered.
 The Worcester News is a tabloid newspaper based in Worcester UK. The Worcester newspaper which was re-branded from the Worcester Evening News in July 2005 is the largest selling daily local newspaper in Worcester. The Worcester News is published Monday to Saturday.
 Terror Illustrated was a black-and-white magazine published by EC Comics in late 1955 and early 1956. Part of EC's Picto-Fiction line each magazine featured three to five stories. The format alternated blocks of text with several illustrations per page.The first issue appeared with a cover date of November–December 1955 but the second issue was the last. A third issue existed but was not printed by EC.
 The Sligo Weekender is a weekly local newspaper published every Tuesday in Sligo County Sligo Ireland.It was founded in 1984 by Brian McHugh as a 'free sheet' advertiser with some local news.
 Naval History is a bi-monthly magazine published by the United States Naval Institute since 1987. The 72-page publication not only includes feature articles spanning the course of Naval History written by significant scholars of their subject but also has standing features including: Looking Back On Our Scope Naval History News Book Reviews and Museum Report.Noted authors Norman Polmar and A.D.
 Buried Fire is a fantasy novel by Jonathan Stroud first published in 1999 by Corgi. It was initially part of the Fire Chronicles but later the series was disbanded by the publisher.
 Launched in April 2007 Logistics Management Magazine (Indian Edition) is the second B2B title from the stable of Reed Infomedia India Pvt. Ltd. a joint venture between Reed Business Information (part of the Reed Elsevier Group) and Infomedia India Limited (the largest publisher of B2B magazines in India).The magazine includes content from the associate of Logistics management magazine - Supply Chain Management Review (SCMR) and Modern Materials Handling (MMH).
 The Journal of Research in Music Education was established in 1953 under the editorship of Allen Britton. At first many of the articles described historical and descriptive research but in the early 1960s the journal began to shift toward experimental research. The Society for Research in Music Education was established in 1960 and the Journal of Research in Music Education became its official publication in 1963.
 El Narco: Inside Mexico's Criminal Insurgency is a non-fiction book of the Mexican Drug War written by Ioan Grillo. In El Narco Grillo takes a close look at the Mexican drug trade starting with the term El Narco which has come to represent the vast faceless criminal network of drug traffickers who cast a murderous shadow over Mexico. The book covers the frontline of the Mexican Drug War.
 Seeing with the Eyes of Love by Eknath Easwaran is a practical commentary on the The Imitation of Christ a Christian devotional classic of the early 15th century believed to be the work of Thomas à Kempis. Easwaran's commentary emphasizes how to translate the Imitation into daily living with the aid of spiritual practices. Seeing with the Eyes of Love was originally published in the United States in 1991.
 The i is a British newspaper published by Independent Print owned by Alexander Lebedev which also publishes The Independent.
 Archie and Me was a comic book title published by Archie comics from 1964 to 1987. Most issues and covers focused on the interaction of Archie Andrews and the school principal Mr. Weatherbee. This suggests that Mr. Weatherbee is the Me mentioned in the title. Whereas the Me in Reggie and Me and Betty and Me appeared to refer to Archie Andrews himself.
 Power-Up: How Japanese Video Games Gave the World an Extra Life (ISBN 0-7440-0424-1) is a 2005 book by Chris Kohler. It explores the video game market in Japan and the history of video games in both Japan and North America. Kohler argues that Japan’s role in the history of video games in America is undervalued. It includes personal interviews with many influential figures such as Shigeru Miyamoto most of them translated from Japanese.
 Fantasy Freaks and Gaming Geeks (full title: Fantasy Freaks and Gaming Geeks: An Epic Quest for Reality Among Role Players Online Gamers and Other Dwellers of Imaginary Realms) is a book by author Ethan Gilsdorf and a work of travel literature memoir and immersion journalism that explores fantasy and gaming subcultures.
 Vedic Mathematics is a book written by the high-ranking Hindu cleric Bharati Krishna Tirthaji and first published in 1965. It contains a list of mental calculation techniques claimed to be based on the Vedas. The mental calculation system mentioned in the book is also known by the same name or as Vedic Maths. Its characterization as Vedic mathematics has been criticized by academics who have also opposed its inclusion in the Indian school curriculum.
 Dynamosport was the official magazine of the Sportvereinigung Dynamo. It covered the organization and events of the roughly 190 Dynamo clubs in the GDR. It was founded in 1966 and was published until 23 November 1989. The logo looks like a brushed painting with the writing Dynamosport in white in background in wine-red.
 H&E naturist (originally Health and Efficiency) is an 92-page monthly commercial magazine focusing on the naturist and nudist lifestyle through articles on travel health and culture as well as various features on arts and books with a naked theme. This content and focus has sometimes caused it to be accused of appealing to consumers of pornography although sexual nudity is absent from its pages.
 Street Gang: The Complete History of Sesame Street is journalist and writer Michael Davis's first book published by Viking Press in 2008. It chronicles the history of the children's television program Sesame Street. Published in time for the show's 40th anniversary in 2009 the book developed out of a TV Guide article Davis wrote to commemorate the show's 35th anniversary in 2004.
 Boner's Ark was an American comic strip created by Mort Walker also the creator of Beetle Bailey. Walker debuted the strip under the pseudonym Addison on March 11 1968. The title is a reference to Noah's Ark of Abrahamic religions.Designed and written by Mort Walker Boner's Ark first appeared on March 11 1968.
 Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon (French: La Jangada - Huit Cents lieues sur l'Amazone) is a novel by Jules Verne published in 1881. It has also been published as The Giant Raft.Unlike many of his other novels this story does not have any science fiction elements. It is an adventure novel.This novel involves how Joam Garral a ranch owner who lives near the Peruvian-Brazilian border on the Amazon River is forced to travel down-stream when his past catches up with him.
 The White Mercedes published in 1992 and now known as The Butterfly Tattoo is about one character who falls passionately in love and suffers horribly from then on as his innocent love is embroiled in a long cycle of revenge and hatred. It was Philip Pullman's first book for younger audiences which won him critical acclaim from many sources. Like much of his writing it focuses on the truth and false appearances.
 The Bud Brothers Series is a group of eight best selling novels written by Filipino Romance writer Rose Tan. It has sold more than 15000 copies during its first printing in the Philippines in 2002 and has been expanded into a franchise (Bud Brothers Group and Bud Brothers Unlimited) by its Publisher Precious Pages Corp by 2005.The books tells the story of eight different men (Vince Banaag Wayne Alban Pete Labrador Carlo Domingo Dr.
 The Unconscious Before Freud is a 1960 book about the unconscious mind by Lancelot Law Whyte.
 This Town Will Never Let Us Go is an original novel by Lawrence Miles set in the Faction Paradox universe. Although taking place in a shared universe it is a stand-alone work that does not require any prior knowledge and features no recurring characters. Taking place over a single night in one minute segments the book is as much a commentary on modern culture as an imaginative science fiction story.
 Bird Girl and the Man Who Followed the Sun is a 1996 novel by Velma Wallis set in Kenmore Washington.The Bird Girl and the young Daagoo must recognize only within the clan the long icy winter in the polar region of Alaska survived.
 Moominpappa at Sea (Swedish: Pappan och havet literally The father and the sea) is the seventh book in the Moomin books by Finnish author Tove Jansson. It is based primarily around the character of Moominpappa. It was first published in 1965. Moominpappa at Sea forms the basis of episodes 25 and 26 in the 1990 TV series. The original title is a loose reference to Hemingway novel The Old Man and the Sea though this is not reflected in the translation.
 Eaters of the Dead: The Manuscript of Ibn Fadlan Relating His Experiences with the Northmen in A.D. 922 (later republished as The 13th Warrior to correspond with the film adaption of the novel) is a 1976 novel by Michael Crichton. The story is about a 10th-century Muslim who travels with a group of Vikings to their settlement.Crichton explains in an appendix that the book was based on two sources.
 Sur Lautréamont is an essay written by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Conan the Mercenary is a fantasy novel written by Andrew J. Offutt and illustrated by Esteban Maroto featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian the second volume in a trilogy beginning with Conan and the Sorcerer and concluding with The Sword of Skelos. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in 1980 with an official publication date of January 1981. Ace reprinted the novel in April 1983 and issued a trade paperback edition in 1985.
 Kelly & Duke was a daily and Sunday comic strip drawn and written by Jack Moore and syndicated by Universal Press Syndicate. It began in 1972 then known as Kelly but changed to Kelly & Duke title in 1974.The strip centers around a boy named Kelly whose pet and best friend is Duke an anthropomorphic dog with a Southern accent.
 The Revista Brasileira de Estudos de População (English: Brazilian Journal of Population Studies) is a biannual open access peer-reviewed academic journal publishing original research and review studies on demography demographic analysis and the demographics of Brazil and other countries.
 The Revised Standard Reference Guide to Indian Paper Money is a 2012 book by Rezwan Razack and Kishore Jhunjhunwalla. The book is a comprehensive compilation of facts milestones and other details regarding paper money in India. It was published in India by Coins & Currencies. Kishore Jhunjhunwalla and Rezwan Razack are avid collectors of Indian currency. The book traces the evolution of Indian currency dating back to 1770.
 Popcorn is a 1996 novel by the British writer Ben Elton. It shares themes with a number of movies from the mid-1990s most notably Natural Born Killers by Oliver Stone and Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs by Quentin Tarantino. The play version of the novel is used by the IEB (Independent Education Board) In South Africa as one of their Postmodern set-work plays for Dramatic Arts.
 Sebastian (2006) is the first novel of the Landscapes of Ephemera duology written by Anne Bishop and introduces the world Ephemera.
 Tuli ja raud (English: Fire and Iron) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1938 by Loodus.
 The Perfectionist is a play by David Williamson about an academic who is working on a PhD. His wife hires a Danish student to baby sit their children.
 KronoScope is a peer-reviewed academic journal dedicated to the interdisciplinary study of time both in the humanities and in the sciences. It is published biannually under the imprint of Brill Publishers on behalf of the International Society for the Study of Time. It is indexed in Sociological Abstracts.
 Mad in America: Bad Science Bad Medicine and the Enduring Mistreatment of the Mentally Ill is a 2002 book by Robert Whitaker who is highly critical of the psychiatric profession. He covers problems with many historical aspects of treatment as well as antipsychotics. The book received mixed reviews within the medical literature which noted issues of bias in sourcing but nonetheless felt the discussion of social issues in psychiatry was important.
 Emma is a 1955 novel by F. W. Kenyon published by Thomas Y. Crowell Company.This novel recounts the historical relationship of Emma Lady Hamilton and Admiral Horatio Nelson (Lord Nelson) in the late 18th century from Emma’s point of view. It covers the period of time from when she was 16 (~1777) to shortly after Admiral Nelson’s death (~44 years old in 1805). The novel starts out a little slowly but then picks up enough speed to be an enjoyable read.
 The Oakland Tribune is a daily newspaper published in Oakland California by the Bay Area News Group (BANG) a subsidiary of MediaNews Group. Since 2010 it has been published as an edition of the BANG flagship newspaper the San Jose Mercury News.The final edition of the newspaper under the name The Oakland Tribune was scheduled to be published on November 1 2011 however BANG announced on Oct.
 In the Belly of the Green Bird is a 2006 book by Nir Rosen which describes the events in Iraq after the U.S. invasion and the fall of Saddam Hussein. The book builds on nearly three years spent in Iraq observing ordinary life and talking with a wide range of people involved in and affected by the violence. Rosen's thesis is that Iraq is now in a state of civil war and that the U.S. can do little to stop the increasing violence.
 The Naked Civil Servant is the first volume of an autobiography by the gay icon Quentin Crisp. It was later turned into a TV movie starring John Hurt which was also titled The Naked Civil Servant.The book started life as a radio interview with Crisp in 1964 conducted by his friend and fellow eccentric Philip O'Connor which was heard by the then managing director of Jonathan Cape commissioned by him and which was published in 1968.
 Jarka Ruus is a fantasy novel by Terry Brooks. It is the first book in the High Druid of Shannara trilogy in Brooks' Shannara series and takes place 20 years after the events of The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara. It was first published in 2003.
 The University of Pennsylvania Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: U. Pa. L. Rev.) is a law review focusing on legal issues published by an organization of second and third year J.D. students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. It is the oldest law journal in the United States having been published continuously since 1852. Currently seven issues are published each year with the last issue traditionally featuring papers from symposia held by the review each year.
 American Quarterly is an academic journal and the official publication of the American Studies Association. The journal covers topics of both domestic and international concern in the United States and is considered a leading resource in the field of American studies. The current editor-in-chief is Sarah Banet-Weiser (University of Southern California). The journal is published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 The Mighty Marvel Western was an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics. A Western anthology that ran 46 issues it consisted of reprint stories of the Marvel Old West heroes the Rawhide Kid Kid Colt the Two-Gun Kid and Matt Slade featuring much art by Jack Kirby Jack Keller and others. New covers on all but three issues were by Herb Trimpe John Severin and Gil Kane among others.
 À rebours (French pronunciation: ​[a ʁə.buʁ]; translated Against Nature or Against the Grain) (1884) is a novel by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans. Its narrative concentrates almost entirely on its principal character and is mostly a catalogue of the tastes and inner life of Jean des Esseintes an eccentric reclusive aesthete and antihero who loathes 19th-century bourgeois society and tries to retreat into an ideal artistic world of his own creation.
 Animal World (Spanish original title: Mundo animal) is a collection of short stories written by Antonio di Benedetto with hallucinatory animal transformations by the internationally acknowledged Argentine master.
 Paint It Black is the third novel by American author Janet Fitch.
 For the DC Comics character see Atari Force.Babe was a four-issue comic book mini-series published by Dark Horse Comics under their Legend imprint from July 1994 - October 1994. It was written by John Byrne with pencils and inks by Byrne and covers by Gary Cody.Babe was set in the same universe as Hellboy The Torch of Liberty and Danger Unlimited.
 Selling Blue Elephants: How to Make Great Products That People Want Before They Even Know They Want Them is a book written by Howard Moskowitz and Alex Gofman (Publisher: Wharton School Publishing 2007).The book outlines a new solution-oriented learning experience co-developed with Prof.
 Wake (titled Sillage in the original French) is a science fiction graphic novel series created by Jean-David Morvan and Philippe Buchet. The series has been translated to English and published in the United States by NBM Publishing. The issues are published in a large format (19 cm by 25.4 cm) as soft cover graphic novels. Issues 1 through 3 were published individually. Issues 4/5 and 6/7 were published together as single books.
 Rogue in Space is a science fiction novel by Fredric Brown. It was first published in 1957. Brown expanded two earlier novelettes (Gateway to Darkness Super Science Stories 1949; and Gateway to Glory Amazing Stories 1950) to form the novel.
 Beyond the Farthest Star is a science fiction novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The novel consists of two novellas Adventure on Poloda and Tangor Returns written quickly in late 1940.
 San Angelo Standard-Times is a daily newspaper based in San Angelo Texas USA since 1884. It is owned by the newspaper group The E.W. Scripps Company.The newspaper was established in 1884 by J. G. Murphy the city's second mayor. Mr. Murphy sold the paper in the 1920s to Houston H. Harte. In 1924 it became one of the two original flagships of the Harte-Hanks newspaper chain.
 To the End of the Land (original Hebrew title Isha Borachat Mi’bsora - A woman Escapes from a Message) is a 2008 novel by Israeli writer David Grossman depicting the emotional strains that family members of soldiers experience when their loved ones are deployed into combat.
 Case Histories is a 2004 detective novel by Kate Atkinson and set in Cambridge England. It introduces Jackson Brodie a former police inspector and now private investigator. The plot revolves around three seemingly unconnected family tragedies – the disappearance of a three-year-old girl from a garden; the murder of a husband with an axe; and the apparently motiveless murder of a solicitor's daughter.
 Mapo was a magazine published in Albania. Started as an initiative between the European University of Tirana and Albanian businessman Agim Shënediella the magazine was closed on 9 September 2011. It is alleged that the reasons behind its closing the doors are not economical but the strong magazine's anti-government stance.
 The Minor Planet Bulletin is a quarterly open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Minor Planets section of the Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers. It is funded by NASA and the National Science Foundation. Its focus is on theoretical observational and historical information regarding the study of minor planets. The journal mainly targets amateur research but it includes professional research as well. The editor-in-chief is Richard P.
 Gilles is a 1939 novel by the French writer Pierre Drieu La Rochelle. It follows the life of Gilles Gambier a Frenchman who is disgusted with the bourgeois world during World War I and the interwar period. After returning from the war Gilles marries a Jewish woman for her wealth becomes involved with the surrealist movement develops his own fusion of Christianity and fascism and joins the Nationalist faction to fight in the Spanish Civil War. The novel is partially autobiographical.
 Life and Death of a Spanish Town is a book by Elliot Paul based on his actual experiences of living in the town of Santa Eulària des Riu on the Spanish island of Ibiza at the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War.The book was published in 1937 by Random House Inc of New York.
 Implicit Meanings: Essays in Anthropology is a collection of essays written in the 1950s 1960s and 1970s by the influential social anthropologist and cultural theorist Mary Douglas.
 Town Topics is a free weekly newspaper distributed to households of the New Jersey municipalities of Princeton and parts of Hopewell Borough Hopewell Township West Windsor Township Lawrence Township Pennington Montgomery Township and South Brunswick Township with an estimated circulation of 15000.Town Topics is known for its coverage of Princeton as well as its coverage of Princeton's largest institution Princeton University.
 By The Pricking of My Thumbs is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in November 1968 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. The UK edition retailed at twenty-one shillings (21/-) and the US edition at $4.95.
 The Pharmer's Almanac was the first printed compendium of information about the rock band Phish put together as a fun business venture by a small group of fans who solicited help from hundreds of contributors.
 Wolf Guy (ウルフガイ Urufu Gai) is a Japanese manga series of two volumes published in 1970 by Bunkasha. Originally written by Kazumasa Hirai and illustrated by Hisashi Sakaguchi (坂口尚) the series has been readapted with a more violent and mature setting in 2007 by Yoshiaki Tabata and Yuuki Yugo. This new adaptation also known as Wolf Guy: Ōkami no Monshō has been released as twelve volumes by Akita Shoten.A live-action film adaptation titled Ōkami no Monshō was released in 1973.
 The Listeners is a science fiction novel by American author James Gunn. It centers on the search for interstellar communication and the effect that receipt of a message has. Although the search and the message are the unifying background of the novel the chapters explore the personal effect of these events have on the lives of the characters.
 For Marx (French: Pour Marx) is a 1965 book by Louis Althusser a leading theoretician of the French Communist Party. Althusser reinterprets the work of Karl Marx proposing an epistemological break between the young Hegelian Marx and the old Marx the author of Capital. One of Althusser's chief works Pour Marx was first published in 1965 with an English translation in 1969.
 Svenskt biografiskt handlexikon is a compact Swedish dictionary of biography first published in 1873-1876 by the physician and antiquarian Herman Hofberg (1823-1883). The second updated edition was published in 1906 under the editorship of Frithiof Heurlin Viktor Millqvist and Olof Rubenson.
 Bible and Spade is a quarterly magazine published by the inerrantist Associates for Biblical Research explicitly committed to the use of archaeology to demonstrate the historical veracity of the Old and New Testaments. The magazine concentrates largely on matters relating to archaeology and Bible history but also touches on general apologetics (especially the relationship between science and evangelical religious belief) and Christian devotion. The editor-in-chief is Bryant G. Wood.
 This article is about the play. For the film see The Triumph of Love (film). For the musical see Triumph of Love.The Triumph of Love (French: Le Triomphe de l'amour) is a three-act French comic play by Pierre de Marivaux. It was first performed by the Théâtre Italien in Paris on 12 March 1732.
 The Children of the Night is a 1931 short story by Robert E. Howard belonging to the Cthulhu Mythos. It was first published in the pulp magazine Weird Tales in the April/May 1931 issue. Howard earned $60 for this publication.
 The Slippery Slope is the tenth novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket.
 Weird Tales #2 is an anthology edited by Lin Carter the second in his paperback revival of the American fantasy and horror magazine Weird Tales. It is also numbered vol. 48 no. 2 (Spring 1981) in continuation of the numbering of the original magazine.
 Letting Go (1962) is the first full-length novel written by Philip Roth and is set in the 1950s.
 Mrs Dalloway (published on 14 May 1925) is a novel by Virginia Woolf that details a day in the life of Clarissa Dalloway a fictional high-society woman in post-World War I England. It is one of Woolf's best-known novels.Created from two short stories Mrs Dalloway in Bond Street and the unfinished The Prime Minister the novel addresses Clarissa's preparations for a party she will host that evening.
 Player's Option: Skills & Powers (abbreviated SP or S&P) is a supplemental sourcebook to the core rules of the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Over Sea Under Stone is a contemporary fantasy novel written for children by the English author Susan Cooper first published in London by Jonathan Cape in 1965. Cooper wrote four sequels about ten years later making it the first volume in a series usually called The Dark is Rising (1965 to 1977).In contrast to the rest of the series it is more a mystery with traditional fantasy elements mainly the subject of hints later in the narrative. Thus it may ease readers into the fantasy genre.
 'My Take' is an autobiography by British singer/songwriter and lead member of Take That Gary Barlow. My Take is his take on his childhood breaking into the music scene his years in Take That after the band split going solo and culminating in the reformation of the Take That to phenomenal success.
 The Springfield News-Leader is the predominant newspaper for the city of Springfield Missouri and covers the Ozarks. The News-Leader has a daily circulation of 32363 and a Sunday circulation of 51402 as of September 2013. It costs $2.50 on Sunday and $1.25 other days of the week.
 Ballroom of the Skies is a 1952 science fiction novel by John D. MacDonald. Though MacDonald was primarily a mystery novelist famed for his Travis McGee series he did write some science fiction short stories and novels. Other titles include Wine of the Dreamers (1951) and The Girl the Gold Watch & Everything (1962).
 Atlas of the Prehistoric World is a book by Douglas Palmer. It was published in 1999 by Random House Inc..
 Reproductive Toxicology is a peer-reviewed journal published bimonthly by Elsevier which focuses on the effects of toxic substances on the reproductive system. The journal was established in 1987 and is affiliated with the European Teratology Society. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.141.
 The Venus of Konpara (1960) is a novel by John Masters which draws on an extreme version of the Aryan Invasion Theory model of ancient Indian history according to which invading Aryan barbarians ruthlessly crushed underfoot the indigenous Dravidian peoples of the country forcing them into the position of an oppressed underclass.In 1973 a dramatised version of the novel was broadcast on BBC Radio starring Liane Aukin and Ian Richardson.
 Current Topics in Medicinal Chemistry is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Bentham Science Publishers. It includes review articles on the various aspects of medicinal chemistry including drug design. The current (and founding) editor-in-chief is Allen B. Reitz founder and Chief Executive Officer of the Fox Chase Chemical Diversity Center.In addition since 2012 the co-editor-in-chief is the Ikerbasque Research Professor Humberto González-Díaz.
 Travel Extra is a monthly newspaper dedicated to the Travel industry in Ireland. It features consumer and industry travel aviation cruise and ferry news and worldwide destination reviews.The newspaper was founded in 1995 by Gerry O'Hare former travel correspondent of The Irish Press which had closed suddenly in May 1995 and Tony Barry former travel editor of the Evening Herald with the assistance of Anne Cadwallader and John Butterly.
 Past Mortem is a detective novel by Ben Elton first published in 2004. It is about a serial killer on the loose in England mainly in the London area and Scotland Yard's attempts at tracking him or her down. At the same time Past Mortem raises a number of sociological psychological and moral questions such as bullying revenge getting a life versus living in the past domestic violence and the changing market value of people as they get older.
 Games and Economic Behavior (GEB) is a journal of game theory published by Elsevier. Founded in 1989 the journal's stated objective is to communicate game-theoretic ideas across theory and applications. It is considered to be the leading journal of game theory and one of the top journals in economics and it is one of the two official journals of the Game Theory Society.
 The Timeless Way of Building is a 1979 book by Christopher Alexander that proposes a new theory of architecture (and design in general) that relies on the understanding and configuration of design patterns.
 Until Thy Wrath be Past (Swedish: Till dess din vrede upphör 2008) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson fourth in the Rebecka Martinsson series. It was published in the USA in 2011.
 The Wikipedia Revolution: How A Bunch of Nobodies Created The World's Greatest Encyclopedia is a 2009 popular history book by new media researcher and writer Andrew Lih.At the time of its publication it was the only narrative account of the online encyclopedia Wikipedia (in English). It covers the period from Wikipedia's founding in early 2000 up to early 2008.
 Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Odyssey is a young adult science fiction novel written in 1987 by Michael P. Kube-McDowell. It is part of the series Isaac Asimov's Robot City inspired by Isaac Asimov's Robot series. The 1995 computer game Robot City is based on the plot of Odyssey.
 Witchcraft and Paganism in Australia is an anthropological study of the Wiccan and wider Pagan community in Australia. It was written by the Australian anthropologist Lynne Hume and first published in 1997 by Melbourne University Press.Hume first encountered the Pagan movement in Canada before beginning to explore Pagan groups in her native Australia.
 Past Master is a novel by science fiction writer R. A. Lafferty. It was first published in 1968 and was nominated for the 1968 Nebula award (Rite of Passage won) and the 1969 Hugo award (Stand on Zanzibar won). It is generally categorized as part of the New Wave of science fiction.
 Grail Prince a 2003 novel by American author Nancy McKenzie written in the tradition of Arthurian legends recounts a version of Galahad's quest for the Holy Grail. The novel is a sequel to McKenzie's Queen of Camelot (2002).
 Love Elections & Chocolate (恋と選挙とチョコレート Koi to Senkyo to Chokorēto also known as Koichoco (恋チョコ) for short) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Sprite which was released in Japan on October 29 2010 for Windows PCs and later ported to the PlayStation Portable on September 27 2012.
 The Te of Piglet is a 1992 New York Times Bestselling Taoist philosophical non-fiction book written by Benjamin Hoff as a companion to his 1982 work The Tao of Pooh. The book was published by Dutton Books and spent 21 weeks on the New York Times Bestseller List.
 Kajika (カジカ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump in 1998 with the twelve chapters collected into a single tankōbon volume by Shueisha. Although it has not been licensed for an English language release Kajika has been translated and published in several European territories.
 Prize Ship is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick first published in 1954 in Thrilling Wonder Stories and later in The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick Volume One Beyond Lies The Wub and later trade editions of the collected stories.
 The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov (in some British editions The Collected Stories) is a posthumous collection of every known short story that Vladimir Nabokov ever wrote with the exception of The Enchanter. The thirteen stories not previously published in English are translated by the author's son Dmitri Nabokov. The collection was first published in America by Alfred A.
 The Book Club Companion is a book written by Westport Connecticut resident Diana Loevy with the focus on book clubs and what they are made of. The purpose of this book is to share people's love for books and to strengthen friendships in that way. The author is an active book club participant and her experiences with such groups is mentioned in the book.
 The Lawless is a historical novel written by John Jakes and originally published in 1978. It is book seven in a series known as the Kent Family Chronicles or the American Bicentennial Series. The novel mixes fictional characters with historical events and figures to tell the story of the United States of America of the American Old West times.
 Field Notes from a Catastrophe: Man Nature and Climate Change is a 2006 non-fiction book by Elizabeth Kolbert. The book attempts to bring attention to the causes and effects of global climate change. Kolbert travels around the world where climate change is affecting the environment in significant ways. These locations include Alaska Greenland the Netherlands and Iceland.
 Conan the Defiant is a fantasy novel written by Steve Perry featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1987 with a regular paperback edition fissued simultaneously by the same publisher and was reprinted in August 1988. A British edition was published in paperback by Orbit Books in January 1990.
 Roald Dahl's Tales of the Unexpected is a collection of sixteen short stories written by Roald Dahl and first published in 1979. All of the stories were earlier published in various magazines and then in the collections Someone Like You and Kiss Kiss.
 Look Back in Anger (1956) is a John Osborne play—made into films in 1959 1980 and 1989—about a love triangle involving an intelligent and educated but disaffected young man of working class origin (Jimmy Porter) his upper-middle-class impassive wife (Alison) and her haughty best friend (Helena Charles). Cliff an amiable Welsh lodger attempts to keep the peace.
 Le Monde (French pronunciation: ​[lə mɔ̃d]; English: The World) is a French daily evening newspaper founded by Hubert Beuve-Méry and continuously published in Paris since its first edition on 19 December 1944. It is one of two French newspapers of record along with Le Figaro and the main publication of La Vie-Le Monde Group. It reports an average circulation of 323039 copies per issue in 2009 about 40000 of which are sold abroad.
 Shirley and Son was an American comic strip drawn by Jerry Bittle. The strip dealt with the life of eight-year-old Louis whose parents Shirley and Roger are divorced. Louis hopes Shirley and Roger will remarry but they are each getting along with their own lives.The strip ended in 2003 as a result of Bittle's unexpected death.
 The Irish Sword is the official journal of the Military History Society of Ireland containing articles on the military history of Ireland book reviews notes notices queries illustrations and proceedings.It includes information on subjects such as West Cork and the Elizabethan wars and the experiences of Irish soldiers in Swedish service.The journal has been published since 1949 normally with two issues a year. The editor-in-chief is Kenneth Ferguson.
 Heroes of Horror (ISBN 0-7869-3699-1) is a hardcover supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game.
 Acta Classica: Proceedings of the Classical Association of South Africa is an academic journal that publishes contributions on any aspect of classical studies including studies in ancient literature and history as well as Patristic and Byzantine themes. It is published by the Classical Association of South Africa. The editor-in-chief is David Wardle (University of Cape Town ).
 The Fairfield Echo was a weekly broadsheet newspaper founded in Fairfield Ohio. It was owned by Cox Enterprises until the company ceased publication of the Echo in January 2013. The paper covered Fairfield and Fairfield Township in Butler County.The Echo was established on September 7 1956 nearly a year after Fairfield became a city (October 1955).
 Studia Hibernica is an annual academic journal for Irish studies focusing on the wide spectrum of Irish language literature history archaeology and folklore. It is published annually by St Patrick's College Drumcondra Dublin.The journal was established in 1961 by members of St Patrick's Training College including Gearóid Mac Eoin Dónall Cregan Séamus Ó Mórdha Breandán Mac Aodha and Tadhg Ó Ceallaigh. The journal is currently edited by Pauric Travers.
 Man Descending is a collection of short stories written by Saskatchewan-born writer Guy Vanderhaeghe. The book was first published by Macmillan of Canada in 1982 and Vanderhaeghe went on to become one of the few first-time authors to win the coveted Governor General's Award for Fiction for this work. It also won the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize.The book consists of 12 stories covering different ages in people's lives ranging from teenage romance to the onset of Alzheimer's disease.
 Patrimony: A True Story is a memoir by American writer Philip Roth. It was first published by Simon & Schuster in 1991.
 The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh is a novelization by the American writer Richard Woodley based upon the screenplay by Jaison Starkes and Edmond Stevens of the 1979 sports–fantasy comedy film The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh.It tells the story of a professional basketball team the Pittsburgh Pythons whose losing streak and lack of talent has made them a laughingstock.
 The Lives of Things is a short story collection by Portuguese novelist and Nobel-prize winner Jose Saramago. It was originally published in 1978 in Portuguese under the title Objecto Quase. This article refers to the English translation by Giovanni Pontiero published by Verso in 2012.
 BakuTech! Bakugan (爆TECH！爆丸) is a manga series written and illustrated by Shingo. In Japan the comics have been published in Shogakukan's Monthly CoroCoro comics since September 2010. The manga follows the adventures of Harubaru Hinode and his childhood friend and rival Raichi Kuronashi as they battle with their BakuTech which are superior to normal Bakugan due to special metal parts.
 Raven Rise is the ninth book in The Pendragon Adventure by D.J. MacHale. It was published on May 20 2008.
 The New Space Opera (2007 ISBN 978-0-06-084675-6) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois and Jonathan Strahan. It was published in 2007 and includes all original stories selected to represent the genre of space opera. It includes a five-page introduction plus a brief introduction to each of the stories and a dedication to Jack Dann. The front and back covers include endorsements by Orson Scott Card Charles Stross Joe Haldeman Vernor Vinge and Greg Bear.
 Deadly Little Secrets: The Minister His Mistress and a Heartless Texas Murderis a 2012 true crime book written by non-fiction author and novelist Kathryn Casey and released by HarperCollins about the 2006 murder by Baptist minister Matt Baker of his 31-year-old wife Kari Baker and the staging of her death as a suicide.
 Al-Hurriya (Arabic: الحرية‎) (English: The Liberty) variously transcribed as al-Hourriya al-Hurriyeh etc.) is a Palestinian political newspaper affiliated with the Marxist-Leninist Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP).
 The Anderson Independent-Mail known as Independent Mail is the local newspaper for Anderson County in the state of South Carolina published by the Independent Publishing Co. a division of the E. W. Scripps Company. The paper is one of the only daily papers in South Carolina to be published in the Berliner format. Based in the city of Anderson South Carolina it is the staple for news competing only with The Greenville News of Greenville South Carolina.
 Mimi and Toutou Go Forth: The Bizarre Battle for Lake Tanganyika is the fourth book by author Giles Foden. It was published in 2004 by Michael Joseph.
 She's All The World To Me is a short early novel by Hall Caine published in 1885 by Harper & Brothers. The novel was the first of Caine's works to be set on the Isle of Man and it centered around themes that would become integral to his later novels: a love triangle secret mounting sins and eventual redemption. It was published only in America due to copyright problems but Caine was subsequently able to reuse a great deal of its material in later novels notably in The Deemster.
 Hawaii Tribune-Herald is a newspaper that is owned and published daily in Hilo Hawaii by Stephens Media LLC.
 The London Plan is the statutory spatial development strategy for the Greater London area in the United Kingdom that is written by the Mayor of London and published by the Greater London Authority. The regional planning document was first published in final form on 10 February 2004. In addition to minor alterations it was substantially revised and republished in February 2008 and again in July 2011.
 Line is a 1967 one-act play by Israel Horovitz his first play produced. It is an absurdist drama about 5 people waiting in line for an event (what event it is is never made clear—several of the characters' stated expectations contradict the others).
 Gai-Jin (Japanese Foreigner) is a 1993 novel by James Clavell chronologically the third book in his Asian Saga although it was the last to be published. Taking place about 20 years after the events of Tai-Pan it chronicles the adventures of Malcolm Struan the son of Culum and Tess Struan in Japan. The story goes into depth on the political situation in Japan and the hostility Westerners faced in Japan and is loosely based on the Namamugi Incident and the subsequent Anglo-Satsuma War.
 The Wrong Doyle is a Mystery or Crime novel by Robert Girardi.
 Judge Dredd is a comic book series by IDW Publishing based on the character of Judge Dredd from the British comic magazines 2000 AD and Judge Dredd Megazine. The series is made up of an ongoing series and a mini-series Judge Dredd and Judge Dredd – Year One. There is also a third series titled Judge Dredd - Classics which is a republishing in color of the original British stories and is not part of the IDW continuity.
 Proceedings is a monthly magazine published by the United States Naval Institute since 1874. The 96-page publication features articles about naval and military matters. It is the third longest continuously-published magazine in the United States after Scientific American and Harper's Magazine.[citation needed]
 When the Robbers Came to Cardamom Town (Norwegian: Folk og røvere i Kardemomme by) is a 1955 Norwegian children's book written and illustrated by Thorbjørn Egner which tells the story of Kardemomme by (Cardamom Town). It is considered as one of the most important Norwegian children's books. The book includes many songs which are connected to the story. The story is well adapted for playing as a theatre act with musical elements.
 The Town is a novel by the American author William Faulkner published in 1957 about the fictional Snopes family of Mississippi. It is the second of the Snopes trilogy following The Hamlet (1940) and completed by The Mansion (1959).
 Remedial and Special Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of special education. The editors-in-chief are Kathleen Lane (University of North Carolina) and Erik Carter (Vanderbilt University). It was established in 1984 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 Pyu to Fuku! Jaguar (ピューと吹く! ジャガー Pyū to Fuku! Jagā lit. Blow 'Pyū'! Jaguar) is a Japanese gag manga written and illustrated by Usuta Kyosuke about recorders musicians and their bizarre daily lives. It has a vague overall plot but is mainly episodic. Although it is about aspiring musicians a series of Drama CDs and video games have been released as well as an OVA made in flash animation. A live-action film starring Jun Kaname as Jaguar was released on January 12 2008.
 World On Fire: How Exporting Free Market Democracy Breeds Ethnic Hatred and Global Instability is a 2002 book published by Yale Law School professor Amy Chua. It is an academic study into ethnic and sociological divisions in regard to economic and governmental systems in various societies.
 The International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the National Science Council of Taiwan. It covers science and mathematics education topics and research methods particularly ones with cross-curricular dimensions or which explore the area from different cultural perspectives.
 The First Man in Rome is the first historical novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series.The cast includes most of the major historical figures of the late Roman Republic including: Gaius Marius and Lucius Cornelius Sulla as well as the Gaius Julius Caesar who was grandfather of Julius Caesar Julia Marcus Aemilius Scaurus Quintus Caecilius Metellus Numidicus Publius Rutilius Rufus and Lucius Appuleius Saturninus.
 Batman: Inferno is a novel set in the universe of DC Comics superhero Batman and was penned by Alex Irvine a writer and assistant professor of English at the University of Maine. The novel is a tie-in with the film Batman Begins and features Batman's archenemy The Joker and new villain Enfer (similar to the villain White Eyes being introduced in Batman: Dead White this novel's predecessor). It also makes reference to several aspects of the Year One exploits of Batman's early days.
 The Journal of Mechanics in Medicine and Biology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 2001 and is published by World Scientific. It covers research in the field of mechanics as applied to medicine and biology.
 Bottom Liners is a comic strip devised by cartoonists Eric and Bill Teitelbaum. The themes of the strip are the worlds of business and finance.
 Harbinger is an American comic book series published by Valiant Comics about a group of teenage super-powered outcasts known as Harbingers.Harbinger initially featured writing and art by Jim Shooter and David Lapham. After Acclaim Entertainment purchased the rights to the Valiant catalog for $65 million in 1994 the characters were rebooted in Harbinger: Acts of God to make them more easily adaptable to video games.
 Hello Sunshine is a collection of poems and short stories by Ryan Adams released on December 1 2009. The book is published by Akashic Books.Adams states that: this is the book of verse where I wake up where I see myself responding to a world with as much light and as much grace as whatever disappointment I felt. This is where I fell back in love with everything--this is my best work yet.(Preorders of Hello Sunshine were shipped on 18 August by publisher Akashic Books).
 Llana of Gathol is a collection of four Edgar Rice Burroughs stories that were originally published in Amazing Stories in 1941 (details see below). The first collected edition of Llana of Gathol was published in 1948.
 Goniec Polski (English: The Polish Times) is a weekly magazine for the Polish community in the United Kingdom that is published in London.
 Disturbing the Peace is a novel by American writer Richard Yates. First published in 1975 Yates' fourth book concerns the crack-up and institutionalization of an alcoholic salesman. Semi-autobiographical the novel was dismissed by critics as his weakest book.
 Dissolution is a fantasy novel by Richard Lee Byers. It is the first book of the War of the Spider Queen hexad based on the Forgotten Realms setting of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Nathan the Wise (original German title: Nathan der Weise) is a play published by Gotthold Ephraim Lessing in 1779. It is a fervent plea for religious tolerance. Its performance was forbidden by the church during Lessing's lifetime; it was first performed in 1783 in Berlin.
 The Radium Woman: A youth edition of the life of Madame Curie is a biography of the scientist Marie Curie adapted for children by Eleanor Doorly from the 1937 biography by Ève Curie. It was published by Heinemann in 1939 with woodcuts by Robert Gibbings as chapter headings.Doorly and The Radium Woman won the fourth annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.
 Mint is India's second largest business newspaper published by HT Media Ltd the Delhi-based media group which also publishes the Hindustan Times. It mostly targets readers who are business executives and policy makers. It is India's first newspaper to be published in the Berliner format. Mint exclusively carries WSJ branded editorial content in its pages by virtue of the content sharing partnership between HT Media and Newscorp which owns the Journal.
 Eureka Seven: AO (エウレカセブンAO Eureka Sebun Ei Ō Astral Ocean) is a 2012 Japanese mecha anime television series by Bones serving as a sequel to the original Eureka Seven anime. AO tells the story of Ao Fukai a young boy who sets destiny in motion again when he held the power. It is being adapted into both an anime and a manga.On December 22 2011 Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Shōnen Ace magazine announced that a sequel manga titled Eureka Seven: AO would be launched in their January 26 issue.
 Whiz Comics was a monthly ongoing comic book anthology series published by Fawcett Comics from 1940–1953 best known for introducing Captain Marvel.
 Out of Captivity subtitled Surviving 1967 Days in the Colombian Jungle is a book written by Marc Gonsalves Keith Stansell and Thomas Howes with the assistance of author Gary Brozek. It narrates the time they spent in the Colombian jungle as prisoners of the FARC an insurgent organization which accused them of being members of the CIA after their plane crashed in a mountainous region.Marc Gonsalves served in the USAF Keith Stansell was a Marine and Tom Howes is a professional pilot.
 Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Control Systems. The journal's editors are Steve Thompson (Queens University of Belfast) Jon O Gray (University of Salford) and Frank L. Lewis (University of Texas at Arlington). It has been in publication since 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of Institute of Measurement and Control.
 The Imp of the Perverse is a short story that begins as an essay written by 19th-century American author and critic Edgar Allan Poe. It discusses the narrator's self-destructive impulses embodied as the symbolic metaphor of The Imp of the Perverse. The narrator describes this spirit as the agent that tempts a person to do things merely because we feel we should not.
 The Salt Lake Tribune is the largest-circulated daily newspaper in the city of Salt Lake City but second largest Sunday circulation behind the Deseret News. The Tribune often referred to as just the Trib is owned by the Denver-based MediaNews Group and operated in a joint operating agreement with the Deseret News through the Newspaper Agency Corporation. For almost 100 years it was a family-owned newspaper held by the heirs of U.S. Senator Thomas Kearns.
 Le Temps (literally The Times) is a Swiss French-language daily newspaper published in the Berliner format in Geneva by Le Temps SA.It is the only nationwide French-language non-specialized daily newspaper of Switzerland.According to the Research Department on Public Opinion and Society (FÖG) of the University of Zurich it is of high quality.
 Kerux: The Journal of Northwest Theological Seminary is an academic journal of theology. The name comes from the Greek word for herald or preacher. It focuses on biblical theology in the tradition of Geerhardus Vos.
 For the film see Sherlock Holmes and the House of FearThe House of Fear is the first English translation of the Ibne Safi's much celebrated Urdu novel Khaufnaak Imaraat that was first published in 1955. It is published by Random House and translated by Bilal Tanweer. It also carries another novella Shootout at the Rocks. Both feature the stock character Imran Ibne Safi whose actual name was Asrar Narvi wrote about 122 novels under this Imran Series.
 The Leitrim Post was a local newspaper covering County Leitrim in northwest Ireland. The paper was one of a series published in the region by River Media and stable-mates included the Donegal Post and Sligo Post. For the first half of 2007 the paper's circulation figures averaged at 4014 The newspaper followed the same template as other papers in the River Media group which focus on lifestyle stories and an emphasis on sport.
 When the Wind Blows is a novel by James Patterson. It is the precursor to The Lake House and inspired the Maximum Ride series.The novel is currently set to be adapted into a movie.
 Tandia is Bryce Courtenay's 1992 sequel to his own best-selling novel The Power of One. It follows the story of a young woman Tandia who was brutally raped and then banished from her own home. Tandia later meets up with Peekay the protagonist from The Power of One and their stories continue on together.
 Golden Boy (ゴールデンボーイ Gōruden Bōi) is a Japanese manga series by Tatsuya Egawa about a 25-year-old freeter pervert and travelling student named Kintaro Oe (大江 錦太郎 Ōe Kintarō). The manga was originally serialized in Shueisha's Super Jump starting in 1992 with the first collected volume released the following year.
 Omit Flowers is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in the November 1948 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Doors to Death published by the Viking Press in 1950.
 Hellblazer Presents: Chas – The Knowledge is a comic book limited series written by Simon Oliver with artwork by Goran Sudzuka and cover art by Glenn Fabry. It is a spin off from the Vertigo series Hellblazer featuring John Constantine's oldest and closest friend Francis 'Chas' Chandler.The first issue was printed in July 2008. The series ran for five issues which is now collected in a trade paperback format.
 The Flying Saucers Are Real by Donald Keyhoe is a book that investigates numerous encounters between USAF fighters personnel and other aircraft and UFOs between 1947 and 1950. It was printed in paperback by Fawcett Publications Inc.Keyhoe contended that the Air Force was actively investigating these cases of close encounter with a policy of concealing their existence from the public until 1949.
 The Journal of Musculoskeletal Research is a medical journal covering clinical and basic research in the human musculoskeletal system. It was established in 1997 and is published by World Scientific. The journal covers musculoskeletal disorders orthopedics neurology rheumatology and rehabilitation.
 Poor Miss Finch (1872) by Wilkie Collins is a novel about a young blind woman who temporarily regains her sight while finding herself in a romantic triangle with two brothers.
 Revolution 2020: Love Corruption Ambition is a 2011 novel by Chetan Bhagat. Its story is concerned with a love triangle corruption and a journey of self-discovery.
 Plum Island is a 1997 novel by American author Nelson DeMille. It introduces NYPD detective John Corey convalescing on the North Fork of Long Island from gunshot wounds sustained in the line of duty.
 PLOS Medicine (formerly styled PLoS Medicine) is a peer-reviewed weekly medical journal covering the full spectrum of the medical sciences. It began operation on October 19 2004 as the second journal of the Public Library of Science (PLOS) a non-profit open access publisher. All content in PLOS Medicine is published under the Creative Commons by-attribution license. To fund the journal the publication's business model requires in most cases that authors pay publication costs.
 Au Bonheur des Dames (French pronunciation: ​[obɔnœʁ deˈdam]; The Ladies' Delight or The Ladies' Paradise) is the eleventh novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola. It was first serialized in the periodical Gil Blas and published in novel form by Charpentier in 1883. The novel is set in the world of the department store an innovative development in mid-nineteenth century retail sales.
 Monthly Comic Rex (月刊 Comic REX Gekkan Comic REX) is a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Ichijinsha. The first issue was sold on December 9 2005 and is sold monthly on the ninth. Manga collected into bound volumes which were serialized in this magazine are published under Ichijinsha's Rex Comics (REXコミックス REX Komikkusu) imprint. The four-panel comic strip magazine Manga 4koma Kings Palette started as a special edition of Comic Rex before becoming an independent magazine.
 The Life of Samuel Johnson LL.D. (1791) is a biography of Dr. Samuel Johnson written by James Boswell. It is regarded as an important stage in the development of the modern genre of biography; many have claimed it as the greatest biography written in English. While Boswell's personal acquaintance with his subject only began in 1763 when Johnson was 54 years old Boswell covered the entirety of Johnson's life by means of additional research.
 My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon edited by P.N. Elrod is the 2007 sequel to the 2006 book My Big Fat Supernatural Wedding. Honeymoon is an anthology of honeymoon stories contributed by several authors such as the author of the Otherworld series Kelley Armstrong the author of The Morganville Vampires series Rachel Caine and many more.
 Frankenstein's Aunt is a novel by Allan Rune Pettersson that was first published in Sweden in 1978.The story is about Hannah Frankenstein the Baron's aunt who comes to Frankenstein's Castle to put it back in order following the chaos caused by her nephew's experiments. There she meets the unusual inhabitants of the castle which apart from Frankenstein's monster also include Count Dracula and Larry Talbot the werewolf.
 The Artist of the Beautiful is a short story by the American writer Nathaniel Hawthorne. The story was included in the collection published by G. P. Putnam entitled: Mosses from an Old Manse.
 The East Carolinian is the campus newspaper of East Carolina University in Greenville NC USA and it is entirely student-ran. The East Carolinian dates back to 1925. The ECU Student Media Board provides oversight and direction to the student newspaper The newspaper has a circulation of 9000 copies per issue in the Spring and Fall semesters and 5000 copies per issue in the Summer. The newspaper comes out on Tuesdays and Thursdays in the Spring and Fall and on Wednesdays in the Summer.
 Thirteen Days: A Memoir of the Cuban Missile Crisis is Robert F. Kennedy's account of the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962. The book was released in 1969 a year after his assassination.Thirteen Days describes the meetings held by the Executive Committee (ExComm) the team assembled by US President John F. Kennedy to handle the tense situation that developed between the United States and the USSR following the discovery of Soviet nuclear missiles in Cuba 90 miles (140 km) from Florida.
 Of Drag Kings and the Wheel of Fate is a published book of fiction in the genre of Lesbian literature set in Buffalo New York. It was written by Susan Smith who often goes by Smitty. It was originally published in June 2002 through Justice House Publishing; and was re-released in August 2006 through Bold Strokes Books. ISBN 0-9677687-8-0 (First release) ISBN 1-933110-51-1 (Second release)Its sequel Burning Dreams was first released in December 2006.
 Blackout and All Clear are the two volumes that comprise a 2010 science fiction novel by American author Connie Willis. Blackout was published February 2 2010 by Spectra. The second part the conclusion All Clear was released as a separate book on October 19 2010.
 Robbie is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was his first robot story and writing commenced on June 10 1939. It was first published in the September 1940 issue Super Science Stories magazine as Strange Playfellow a title that was chosen by editor Frederik Pohl and described as distasteful by Asimov. A revised version of Robbie was reprinted under Asimov's original title in the collections I Robot (1950) The Complete Robot (1982) and Robot Visions (1990).
 The Secret is a best-selling 2006 self-help book written by Rhonda Byrne based on the earlier film of the same name. It is based on the law of attraction and claims that positive thinking can create life-changing results such as increased wealth health and happiness. The book has sold more than 19 million copies worldwide and has been translated into 46 languages but has attracted a great deal of controversy as well as being parodied in several TV programs.
 The Park Record is a daily newspaper published in Park City Utah. It was founded in 1880 as the Park Mining Record edited by James Shupback.
 The Girl Hunters (1962) is Mickey Spillane's seventh novel featuring private investigator Mike Hammer. It was adapted for the screen in 1963; Spillane himself played Mike Hammer.
 The Singularity Is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology is a 2005 non-fiction book about artificial intelligence and the future of humanity by inventor and futurist Ray Kurzweil.This is his first book to embrace the Singularity as a term but the ideas contained within are derived from his previous books the The Age of Spiritual Machines (1999) and The Age of Intelligent Machines (1990).Kurzweil describes his law of accelerating returns which predicts an exponential increase in technologies like computers genetics nanotechnology robotics and artificial intelligence. 
 Albion is a six-issue comic book limited series plotted by Alan Moore written by his daughter Leah Moore and her husband John Reppion with covers by Dave Gibbons and art by Shane Oakley and George Freeman. As a result of a deal forged by Vice-President Bob Wayne of DC Comics and Publishing Director Andrew Sumner of IPC Media it was published through DC Comics' WildStorm imprint.
 The New Quarterly is a literary magazine based in Waterloo Ontario in office space donated by St. Jerome's University. It publishes Canadian poetry prose and interviews with established writers. However its mandate is to encourage and nurture new and emerging talent. The magazine tries to strike a balance between a serious and playful tone above all celebrating literature.
 Unacknowledged Legislation: Writers in the Public Sphere is a 2003 collection of essays by the author and journalist Christopher Hitchens. It was first published in hardback by the New Left Books imprint Verso.
 Another Beauty (Polish: W cudzym pięknie) is a 1998 memoir by the Polish poet Adam Zagajewski. It focuses on Zagajewski's student years and early time as a poet in Kraków in the 1960s and 1970s and his involvement with the artist group Now leaving aestheticism behind to focus on contemporary politics and clash with communist authorities.
 Googled: The End of the World as We Know It is a book published in 2009 by American writer journalist and media critic Ken Auletta. It examines the evolution of Google as a company its philosophy business ethics future plans and impact on society the world of business and the Internet.
 Unstoppable Global Warming: Every 1500 Years is a book about climate change written by Siegfried Fred Singer and Dennis T. Avery which asserts that natural changes and not CO2 emissions are the cause of Global Warming. Published by Rowman & Littlefield in 2006 the book sold well and was reprinted in an updated edition in 2007.The title refers to the hypothesis of 1500-year climate cycles in the Holocene first postulated by Gerard C.
 The Debt Collector is a fantasy novel written by James Scott DeLane and published by Wings Epress in 2007 (current paperback edition: ISBN 978-1-59705-856-8).
 The Computer Nut (1984) is a child's novel written by Betsy Byars. Kate Morrison the title character is receiving messages on her computer purportedly from an extraterrestrial BB-9 who claims he can monitor and control all computers on Earth. At first she and her friend Linda investigate the communication as a prank; one of their suspects is Willie who becomes Kate's friend and fellow enthusiast in the attempt to make contact with BB-9.
 Web of Scarlet Spider is the name of a short-lived comic book series starring the Scarlet Spider. The series was published by Marvel Comics for four issues between November 1995 and February 1996.
 Portrait of a Queen is a play about the life of Queen Victoria based on her letters. Dorothy Tutin played the role of Victoria on the West End and Broadway.
 The Gulf Daily News is an English-language newspaper published in the Kingdom of Bahrain by Al Hilal Group. It is distributed locally in Bahrain. It is owned by the Al Hilal Group which publishes 13 other newspapers and magazines including the local Arabic newspaper Akhbar Al Khaleej. The paper which is one of six daily newspapers in Bahrain calls itself The Voice of Bahrain. The name is abbreviated the GDN.
 Dragonfly is a fantasy horror novel by author Frederic S. Durbin. It was released in 1999 by Arkham House in an edition of 4000 copies. It was the author's first novel.
 Byte magazine was an American microcomputer magazine influential in the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s because of its wide-ranging editorial coverage. Whereas many magazines from the mid-1980s had been dedicated to the MS-DOS (PC) platform or the Mac mostly from a business or home user's perspective Byte covered developments in the entire field of small computers and software and sometimes other computing fields such as supercomputers and high-reliability computing.
 Welsh History Review (Welsh: Cylchgrawn Hanes Cymru) is an English-language academic journal dealing with the history of Wales.It is published in four parts per volume one volume every two years. It started publication in 1960 and continues; from Vol. 22 (2003) onwards it has been published electronically by Ingenta in addition to the paper version. Vols. 1-21 have been digitized by the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales.
 The Turquoise is a novel written by the American author Anya Seton which was first published in 1946.It is a fictional story of the life of Fey Cameron set against an historical background of the United States and New York society in the mid 19th century.The book focuses on Fey Cameron from her humble childhood in New Mexico through to her high society life in New York and her eventual return to her roots.
 Mobile Suit Gundam: Blue Destiny (機動戦士ガンダム外伝― Kidō Senshi Gandamu Gaiden) is a manga written and illustrated by Mizuho Takayama based on the Mobile Suit Gundam Side Story trilogy of video games.
 The Very Pulse of the Machine is a science fiction short story published in 1998 by Michael Swanwick. It was the winner of the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Short Story. It was also nominated for the 1999 Locus award and Asimov's Reader Poll.
 The Last Avengers Story is a two-issue prestige format mini-series from Marvel Comics released in November and December 1995. It was written by Peter David and illustrated by Ariel Olivetti.
 ECONned: How Unenlightened Self Interest Undermined Democracy and Corrupted Capitalism is a 2010 non-fiction book by Yves Smith author of the Naked Capitalism blog. The book describes how the deregulation of the financial industry and the systemic incentives for managers to loot limited liability companies led to the build-up and eventual collapse of the credit bubble during the 2000s.
 Note: Abecedar is also the name of the primer (1st grade school book) in Romanian.The Abecedar was a school book first published in Athens Greece in 1925. The book became the subject of controversy with Bulgaria and Serbia when cited by Greece as proof it had fulfilled its international obligations towards Slavic-speaking minority because it had been printed in the Latin alphabet rather than Cyrillic used by the Slavic languages of the southern Balkans.
 To Love-Ru (To LOVEる -とらぶる- To LOVEru -Toraburu-) is a Japanese manga series written by Saki Hasemi and illustrated by Kentaro Yabuki creator of Black Cat. The manga was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine between April 24 2006 and August 31 2009 and the chapters collected into 18 tankōbon volumes. A drama CD was released in February 2008 with an original story. A 26-episode anime series adaptation by Xebec aired in Japan between April and September 2008.
 The Guns of Navarone is a 1957 novel about the Second World War by Scottish writer Alistair MacLean that was made into the film The Guns of Navarone in 1961. The Greek island of Navarone does not exist and the plot is fictitious; however the story takes place within the real historical context of the Dodecanese Campaign - the Allies' campaign to capture the German-held Greek islands in the Aegean Sea in 1943.
 The Anatomy of Desire is a short story by John L'Heureux first published in L'Heureux's book Desires in 1981. It can also be read in American Gothic Tales edited by Joyce Carol Oates and Sudden Fiction edited by Richard Shapard. It is the story of a man with an unwavering need for more than just love: he wants to possess and be possessed.
 Antiviral Research is a monthy peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier covering research on all aspects of the development of drugs vaccines and immunotherapies against viruses of animals and plants. The journal was established in 1981 and is an official publication of the International Society for Antiviral Research. The editor-in-chief is Mike Bray.
 The Story of My Life first published in 1903 is Helen Keller's autobiography detailing her early life especially her experiences with Anne Sullivan. Portions of it were adapted by William Gibson for a 1957 Playhouse 90 production a 1959 Broadway play a 1962 Hollywood feature film and a 2005 Indian film. The book is dedicated to inventor Alexander Graham Bell.
 The Great History (Arabic: التاريخ الكبير; al-Tārīkh al-Kabīr‎) is a book by ninth-century Islamic scholar Muhammad ibn Ismail al-Bukhari in the field of biographical evaluation.
 Ebiten: Kōritsu Ebisugawa Kōkō Tenmonbu (えびてん 公立海老栖川高校天悶部 lit. Ebisugawa Public High School Astronomical Club) is a comedy manga series by Kira Inugami and SCA-ji serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace magazine. Three volumes have been released as of June 2012. A 10-episode original net animation adaptation by AIC ran on niconico between July and September 2012. Following the ONA series an OVA episode was bundled with the fourth volume of the manga released in December 2012.
 The Black Friars of Shrewsbury is a short historical book by Paul Marsden the former Shrewsbury MP about the Dominican friars who arrived in Shrewsbury England in 1230 and built a church cloisters Lady chapel and series of outbuildings.
 Bored of the Rings is the title of a paperback parody of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. This short novel was written by Henry N. Beard and Douglas C. Kenney who later founded National Lampoon. It was published in 1969 by Signet for the Harvard Lampoon. In 2013 an audio version was produced by Orion Audiobooks narrated by Rupert Degas.
 Arlequin Mahomet (English: Arlequin Mohammed) is a one act farce by Alain-René Lesage. It was first performed at the Foire de Saint Laurent in 1714. Arlequin Mahomet was performed as the second play in a series consisting of La Foire de Guibray and Le Tombeau de Nostradamus. Between the three works Lesage created a comedy in three acts.
 The Silence of Dean Maitland is an 1886 novel by Maxwell Gray (the pen name of Mary Gleed Tuttiett). Set in a fictionalized Isle of Wight particularly around Calbourne it concerns an ambitious clergyman who accidentally kills the father of a young woman he has made pregnant then allows his best friend to be wrongly convicted for the crime. A popular bestseller it was filmed in 1914 in 1915 (under the title Sealed Lips) and in 1934.
 Ranzuki is a fashion magazine published monthly in Japan by Bunka-sha Publishing & Co.. A gal magazine Ranzuki mainly targets women in their teens and shows its preference for dark-skin and 109 items.
 Dororon Enma-kun (ドロロンえん魔くん Dororon Enma-kun) also known as Satanikus! is a Japanese horror-comedy anime and manga series created by Go Nagai. It's one of Nagai's most famous works in Japan although not very well known in the rest of the world. In 2006 it would get a sequel/remake in Demon Prince Enma which drops the comedy and becomes a full-fledged suspense-horror series. After the OVA was released another manga version was released called Satanikus ENMA Kerberos by Eiji Toriyama.
 One Second After is a 2009 fiction novel by American writer William R. Forstchen. The novel deals with an unexpected electromagnetic pulse attack on the United States as it affects the people living in and around the small American town of Black Mountain North Carolina.Released in March 2009 One Second After and was ranked as number 11 on the New York Times Best Seller list in fiction in May 2009. A trade paperback edition was released in November 2009.
 Shinmai Fukei Kiruko-san (新米婦警キルコさん) is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by Masahiro Hirakata. It began serialization in the November 2012 issue of Weekly Shōnen Jump and ended in the May 2013 issue for a total of 3 volumes (tankōbon) and 24 chapters. The series focuses on the comedic adventures of Kiruko Otonashi and Haruki Anjō two rookie policemen in the kōban of the small rural town of Nagashima (ながしま) and their chief Kanjūrō Tsutsui.
 Prasna Tantra is a famous work of Neelakantha on Horary astrology. Neelakantha Daivagnya the author of Tajika Neelakanthi was the minister and court astrologer of Mughal Emperor Jalaluddin Akbar. Prasna Tantra is based on the Tajika System of prognostication. It comprises 430 slokas divided into 4 chapters and is written in the usual Sanskrit Sloka – format.
 Return to Peyton Place is a 1959 novel by Grace Metalious a sequel to her best-selling 1956 novel Peyton Place.
 The Last Colony is the third science fiction novel by John Scalzi set in the Old Man's War universe. It was nominated for a 2008 Hugo Award in the Best Novel category.
 The Betrothed is an 1825 novel by Sir Walter Scott. It is the first of two Tales of the Crusaders the second being The Talisman.Parts of the novel were incorporated into Francesco Maria Piave's libretto for Giuseppe Verdi's 1857 opera Aroldo itself a re-working of an earlier Verdi opera Stiffelio.
 Modern Painters is a monthly art magazine published in New York City by Louise Blouin Media. The magazine is published eleven times a year.
 Monster Soul (モンスターソウル Monsutā Souru) is a shōnen manga by Hiro Mashima. It was serialized in Comic Bom Bom from January 2006 to March 2006 . In the June 2007 issue the second stage started this second part ended in the September issue. As of July 2007 there are 6 chapters (3 of first stage and 3 of second stage) and 1 takubon volume (consisting of the first stage). Kodansha Comics USA has licensed the series for North American release and will publish the first volume in May 2014.
 Québec Micro (short QM) was a free monthly technology magazine from Quebec.
 Der Traummeister (The Dream Master) is a 1990 East German science fiction novel by Angela and Karlheinz Steinmüller. It is set in the same fictional universe as their 1982 novel Andymon and on the same planet as their earlier collection Spera.
 Journal of Biotechnology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research ranging from genetic and molecular biological positions to biochemical chemical or bioprocess engineering aspects as well as research on the computer application of new software concepts which are directly relevant to biotechnology.
 Dissident Gardens is Jonathan Lethem's ninth novel. It is a multigenerational saga of revolutionaries and activists the civil rights movement and the counterculture from the 1930s Communists to the 2010s Occupy movement and is mostly set in Sunnyside Gardens Queens and in Greenwich Village.The title is an obvious play on Sunnyside Gardens.
 Gentleman's Agreement is a 1947 novel by Laura Z.
 Tap! was a magazine for owners of Apple’s iOS devices (iPhone iPad and iPod touch) published by Future plc. It was a sister title to MacFormat.
 Photographs and Notebooks is a collection of British author Bruce Chatwin's photographs and notebooks which were made during his life when he was working on his various novels and travel books. It was published posthumously in 1993.
 Dnevne Novine (English translation: Daily Newspaper) is a Montenegrin daily newspaper.Its first editor and owner is Boris Darmanović owner of Media Nea a Montenegrin media agency.
 La Gente de Aztlan (Spanish for The People of Aztlan) is a bilingual student newsmagazine published circulated and run at the University of California Los Angeles. It is the longest continuous running publication of its kind. First published on February 16 1971 during the height of the Chicano Movement La Gente has survived severe budget cuts as well as anti-multicultural sentiment during the early and mid 1990s.
 The Reverse of the Medal is a historical novel by Patrick O'Brian set during the Napoleonic Wars. It was first published by HarperCollins in 1986 and is the eleventh book in the Aubrey-Maturin series concerning the adventures of naval commander Jack Aubrey and his friend ship's surgeon naturalist and spy Stephen Maturin.
 Sea Change is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the fifth in his Jesse Stone series.
 The in-house publication / newspaper of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh the Organiser was first launched in 1947 (in the weeks before the Partition of India) and has since been edited by some of the leading figures of Indian politics like A.R. Nair K.R. Malkani L.K. Advani V.P. Bhatia Seshadri Chari and now R.Balashanker. As such it remains crucial to the propagation of RSS's ideology. Organizer was relaunched in the magazine format since the edition of 1st of April 2014.
 womenSports magazine was the first magazine dedicated to women in sports. It was launched in close conjunction with Billie Jean King's Women's Sports Foundation and each issue of the magazine contained a two-page article written by the executive director of the Foundation.
 Van de koele meren des doods (translated in English as The Deeps of Deliverance or Hedwig's Journey literally Of the cold lakes of death) is a Dutch novel by Frederik van Eeden first published in 1900. It is one of the canonical Dutch novels and is praised for its representation of the female protagonist; the novel established van Eeden as a master of the psychological novel. A 1982 movie was based on the novel.
 KimiKiss (キミキス KimiKisu lit. First Kiss) is a dating simulation game for the PlayStation 2. Released by Enterbrain in 2006 KimiKiss has become a media franchise including manga light novel and has been made into an anime as of 2007-2008.
 102 Minutes: The Untold Story of the Fight to Survive Inside the Twin Towers is an American non-fiction book that was published in 2005 and was written by New York Times journalists Jim Dwyer and Kevin Flynn.
 The $30000 Bequest and Other Stories (1906) is a collection of thirty comic short stories by the iconic American humorist and writer Mark Twain. The stories contained span the course of his career from Advice to Young Girls in 1865 to the titular tale in 1904. Although Twain had ample time to refine his short stories between their original publication date and this collection there is little evidence to suggest he took an active interest in doing so.
 Fatal System Error (2010) is a nonfiction work written by Joseph Menn that exposes a story of espionage that penetrates the network of international mobsters and hackers who use the Internet to extort money from businesses steal from tens of millions of consumers and attack government networks.Its main characters and heroes of the book are Barrett Lyon and Andy Crocker.
 The Bulletin is a daily newspaper covering eastern Connecticut United States based in the city of Norwich and owned by the Gatehouse Media. The newspaper has been in continuous publication since 1796.Gannett Company bought what was then called the Norwich Bulletin in November 1981. On April 12 2007 it was announced that GateHouse Media bought the newspaper.
 Asian Babes is a British pornographic magazine still publishing as of 2012 which features depictions of women of South Asian Chinese Japanese and Thai origin.The magazine was owned by Richard Desmond's Northern and Shell publishing company until its sale in 2004 as part of a package of 45 titles to Remnant Media for a reported £20 million (approximately US$39 million).
 This article is about the play. For the film adaptation see Private Lives.For the episode in the television series House see Private Lives.Private Lives is a 1930 comedy of manners in three acts by Noël Coward. It focuses on a divorced couple who while honeymooning with their new spouses discover that they are staying in adjacent rooms at the same hotel. Despite a perpetually stormy relationship they realise that they still have feelings for each other.
 The Sacred Blacksmith (聖剣の刀鍛冶（ブラックスミス） Seiken no Burakkusumisu lit. The Sacred Sword Blacksmith) is a Japanese light novel series by Isao Miura with illustrations by Luna. All 16 volumes have been published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J label. A manga adaptation by Kōtarō Yamada started serialization in the seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive on March 27 2009. The first tankōbon was published June 23 2009.
 On the Natural History of Destruction is a 1999 book by the German writer W. G. Sebald. Its original German title is Luftkrieg und Literatur which means Air war and literature. It consists of essays about literature and writers through which Sebald discusses the German processing of World War II.
 The FASEB Journal is a scientific journal related to experimental biosciences promoting scientific progress and education. It is published by the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology that was founded in 1912 originally by 3 societies (6 in 1989 see current list).
 Trullion: Alastor 2262 (1973) is a science fiction novel by Jack Vance first published by Ballantine Books.
 The bi-monthly Forum Mleczarskie Handel is the oldest Polish business magazine about the dairy products trade. The title was the forerunner of a new kind of trade magazines focusing on category managers (purchasers and sellers) in the modern fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) wholesale and retail trade in Poland. The title is quoted frequently by other Polish media.
 Daily Guide is a private-owned daily newspaper owned by Mrs. Georgina Blay published in Accra Ghana. The newspaper is published six times per week and is regarded as the most circulated independent paper in Ghana with a circulation of about 22000 copies a day.The editor of the newspaper is Fortune Alimi
 Arinbjarnarkviða is a skaldic poem by Egill Skalla-Grímsson in praise of his friend Arinbjörn. The poem is preserved in manuscripts of Egils saga. Some lines are lost while others may be corrupted. The metre is kviðuháttr.
 Sacajawea is a massive (over 1300 pages) historical fiction novel about the life of Sacajawea noted Shoshone Indian travel guide of Lewis and Clark. It was written by Anna Lee Waldo and published in 1978. It took Waldo ten years to research and write the novel. Sacajawea is Waldo's first book.
 The Return of Bulldog Drummond was the seventh Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1932 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper. 
 The European Journal of Political Research (EJPR) is a major journal of European political science sponsored by the European Consortium for Political Research. It is one of the most highly respected journals in the discipline and the flagship publication of the European Consortium for Political Research (ECPR). The EJPR specialises in articles articulating theoretical and comparative perspectives in political science covering quantitative and qualitative approaches.
 Al Anwar (Arabic: الانوار‎) (English translation: The Lights) is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Lebanon. It is one of the leading papers in the country.
 Frankenstein or The Modern Prometheus is a novel written by British author Mary Shelley about eccentric scientist Victor Frankenstein who creates a grotesque creature in an unorthodox scientific experiment. Shelley started writing the story when she was eighteen and the novel was published when she was twenty. The first edition was published anonymously in London in 1818.
 Livestock's Long Shadow – Environmental Issues and Options is a United Nations report released by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) on 29 November 2006 that aims to assess the full impact of the livestock sector on environmental problems along with potential technical and policy approaches to mitigation.
 The Journal of Planning History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of history of city planning. The journal's editor-in-chief is Christopher Silver (University of Florida). It was established in 2002 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for American City and Regional Planning History.
 Gun Control in the Third Reich is a non-fiction book that describes the gun control policies used in Germany from the 1918 Weimar Republic through the Third Reich in 1938. The book focuses on actions by the Nazi party against what they perceived to be enemies of the state and against the Jewish populations living in Germany at the time. The book is based on documents from the German archives diaries and newspapers of the time.The book is written by Stephen P.
 The Progressive Librarians Guild was founded in New York City in January 1990 by librarians concerned with the library profession's rapid drift into dubious alliances with business and the information industry and into complacent acceptance of service to an unquestioned political economic and cultural status quo according to the organization's statement of purpose. The PLG addresses issues especially relating to Librarianship and human rights.
 The Journal of Integrative Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of complementary and alternative and integrative medicine. It was established in 2003 as the Journal of Chinese Integrative Medicine and obtained its current title in 2013. It is published by Science Press in collaboration with Elsevier.
 Premiere was an American and New York City-based film magazine published by Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. between the years 1987 and 2007. The original version of the magazine Première was established in France in 1976 and is still being published there.
 Ex-Mutants was a comic book series created by writer David Lawrence and artist Ron Lim along with editor David Campiti in 1986. It was first published by Eternity Comics and then Amazing Comics. Contractual problems resulted in a move to Pied Piper Comics. A legal dispute followed and after running out of money for the struggle the creators surrendered.
 Optical Engineering is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research development and uses of optical science and optical engineering published by SPIE The editor-in-chief is Ronald G. Driggers
 American Power and the New Mandarins is a book by the US academic Noam Chomsky largely written in 1968 published in 1969.
 The Brave and the Bold is the title shared by many comic book series published by DC Comics. The first of these was published as an ongoing series from 1955 to 1983. It was followed by a mini-series in 1991 and 1999 and was revived as an ongoing title in 2007.The focus of each version of the series has varied over time but most commonly features team-ups of characters from across the DC Universe.
 Lisan al Hal or Lissan ul Hal (in Arabic لسان الحال) was a Lebanese Arabic language daily newspaper established by Khalil Sarkis in 1877 and is the oldest Lebanese publication still published in Lebanon.
 The Syracuse Law Review established in 1952 is an intense legal research and writing program for student editors at Syracuse University College of Law and a national forum for legal scholars who contribute to it. The editorial board publishes four Law Review issues annually one of which is the Annual Survey of New York Law.Contributors to the Syracuse Law Review have included renowned scholars such as Erwin Chemerinsky Owen Fiss Akhil Reed Amar Roscoe Pound Richard Epstein J.
 Critical Reviews in Toxicology is an academic journal that publishes review articles on the mechanisms responses and assessments of toxins and toxicants. It is published by Informa.The editor is Roger O. McClellan Albuquerque.Indexed by ISI Critical Reviews in Toxicology received an impact factor of 6.253 as reported in the 2012 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters ranking it fifth out of 85 journals in the category Toxicology.
 Father Malachy's Miracle is a 1931 novel by the Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Getting Even (1971) is Woody Allen's first collection of humor short stories and plays. Most pieces were first published in The New Yorker between 1966 and 1971.
 The Cry for Myth (1991) is a book by the American existential psychologist Rollo May in which he proposes that modern people need myths to make sense of their lives and that without myth they are prey to anxiety and addiction.The book explores numerous myths from Classical Greece through to twentieth century writers and shows their relevance to the personal existential dilemmas of today. The book is divided into the following four parts:
 Pierrot is a short poem written by the African American author Langston Hughes. It was first published in the anthology The Weary Blues in 1926. In 30 lines it describes contrasts the characters of Simple John who adheres to an ethic of hard work and traditional virtues and Pierrot who leads a Dionysian and carefree life. In the end Pierrot runs away with John's wife.
 Mindplayers is a 1987 first novel by science fiction author Pat Cadigan.
 As It Is In Heaven is a play by actor/director Beth Lincks under the pen name Arlene Hutton. It premiered at 78th Street Theater Lab followed by a performance at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and making its way to the Off-Broadway Arclight Theatre in New York City New York where it ran from January 11 to February 5 2002.
 Awaz-e Nasle Nau (آواز نسل نو) is a daily newspaper founded by Tanzeem Nasle Nau Hazara Mughal based in Quetta Pakistan.
 Batman/Houdini: The Devil's Workshop is a 1993 Elseworlds one-shot written by Howard Chaykin and John Francis Moore with full-painted art by Mark Chiarello. The story recounts a fictional encounter between the superhero Batman and famous escape artist Harry Houdini in early 20th century Gotham.
 Cards on the Table is a detective novel by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 November 1936 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company the following year. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00.The book features the recurring characters of Hercule Poirot Colonel Race Superintendent Battle and the bumbling crime writer Ariadne Oliver making her first appearance in a Poirot novel.
 Mathematics Made Difficult is a book by Carl E. Linderholm that uses advanced mathematical methods to prove results normally shown using elementary proofs. Although the aim is largely satirical it also shows the non-trivial mathematics behind operations normally considered obvious such as numbering counting and factoring integers.As an example the proof that two is a prime number starts:It is easily seen that the only numbers between 0 and 2 including 0 but excluding 2 are 0 and 1.
 Berts dagbok (Swedish: Bert's diary) is a diary novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1987 it tells the story of Bert Ljung from 14 January to 4 June during the calendar year he turns 12 during the spring term in the 5th grade at school in Sweden.
 Bomb Culture is a book by Jeff Nuttall about the counter-culture in London which was first published in 1968. It reflected the influence of the threat of nuclear war while describing the importance of pop music like the Beatles and countercultural figures like the Beat Generation. Nuttall believed in the liberatory power of imagination and affect which he hoped could bring about social change.
 A Change for the Better is a novel by Susan Hill.
 Shadow Over Mars was the first science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett.
 Il gatto sul G. (Ｇ線上の猫 G Senjou no Neko) translated as Cat on a G  is a Japanese manga by Tooko Miyagi. Originally serialized in Taiyo Tosyo Anthology Craft on a quarterly basis in 1999 in Japan the first volume was published by Taiyo Tosho Co. Ltd. in 2002. Digital Manga Publishing published the English translation of Ill gatto sul G.
 Blabbermouth is a play by Australian playwright Mary Morris adapted from the book of the same name by Morris Gleitzman. It is published by Currency Press.
 The Journal of Neuroscience Psychology and Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It publishes original research dealing with the application of psychological theories and/or neuroscientific methods to business and economics and therefore is at the core of research in neuroeconomics decision neuroscience and consumer neuroscience.
 The Nishinippon Shimbun 西日本新聞 (Nishinippon Shinbun West-Japan Daily) is a Japanese language daily newspaper published by The Nishinippon Shimbun Co. Ltd (株式会社西日本新聞社 Kabushiki-gaisha Nishinippon Shinbunsha). As of May 2006 it has the circulation of a million as a total of morning and evening editions. Headquartered in Fukuoka the newspaper cover reader is Kyūshū.
 The Ignorance of Blood is the final novel in Robert Wilson's Javier Falcón series set in Seville.
 The Journal of Business Communication is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Management. The journal's editor is Robyn Walker. It has been in publication since 1963 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Association for Business Communication.
 Servant of the Bones (1996) is a historical horror novel by Anne Rice.
 Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit (精霊の守り人 Seirei no Moribito) is the first in the twelve volume Moribito (守り人) series of Japanese fantasy novels by Nahoko Uehashi. It has since been adapted into numerous media including radio manga and anime adaptations. Scholastic released the first novel in English in June 2008. Media Blasters has confirmed that they acquired the rights to the anime. The series premiered on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim programming block in the U.S. at 1:30 a.m.
 La Juventud Imparcial ('The Impartial Youth') was a fortnightly newspaper published from Sucre Bolivia 1875-1876. The first issue of the newspaper was published on October 14 1875.La Juventud Impercial had a format of 26 centimetres. The editor of the newspaper was Mariano C. Reynolds. La Juventud Imparcial was printed at the printing press of La Libertad.
 Born of Man and Woman is a science fiction short story by American writer Richard Matheson originally published in 1950 in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was his first professional sale written when he was twenty-two years old. It became the title piece in Matheson's first short story collection in 1954.
 International Times (it or IT) is an underground newspaper founded in London in 1966 and relaunched as a web journal in 2011. Editors included Hoppy David Mairowitz Peter Stansill Barry Miles Jim Haynes and playwright Tom McGrath. Jack Moore avant-garde writer William Levy and Mick Farren singer of The Deviants also edited at various periods.
 Al-Musawar (Arabic: المصور‎) is an Egyptian weekly magazine. The weekly is a semi-official publication.
 Angel Beats! (エンジェルビーツ! Enjeru Bītsu!) is a 13-episode Japanese anime television series produced by P.A. Works and Aniplex and directed by Seiji Kishi. The story was originally conceived by Jun Maeda who also wrote the screenplay and composed the music with the group Anant-Garde Eyes with original character design by Na-Ga; both Maeda and Na-Ga are from the visual novel brand Key who produced such titles as Kanon Air and Clannad. The anime aired in Japan between April 2 and June 25 2010.
 Midnight Sun is an unreleased companion novel to the book Twilight by author Stephenie Meyer. The work retells the events of Twilight but is written from the perspective of Edward Cullen instead of that of the series' usual narrating character Bella Swan. Meyer stated that Twilight was to be the only book from the series that she planned to rewrite from Edward's perspective.
 Brigands M.C. is the eleventh novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. It was released on 4 October 2008. A blue-cover edition of which only 8499 copies were made was also produced. The special editions were only sold in W.H.Smith in the United Kingdom.
 The O'Reilly Factor for Kids: A Survival Guide for America's Youth is a book written by Fox News Channel commentator Bill O'Reilly. It covers issues that kids face in their teenage years such as drugs sexual intercourse money smoking alcohol and friends.
 Nieobjeta ziemia is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1984.
 The White Feather is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published on 9 October 1907 by Adam & Charles Black London. It is set at Wrykyn school scene of Wodehouse's earlier book The Gold Bat (1904) and the later Mike (1909). Like many early Wodehouse novels the story first appeared as a serial in the boys' magazine The Captain between October 1905 and March 1906. The phrase white feather is a reference to cowardice.
 Flashman at the Charge is a 1973 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the fourth of the Flashman novels. Playboy magazine serialised Flashman at the Charge in 1973 in their April May and June issues.
 In The Flight of the Wild Gander mythologist Joseph Campbell (1904–1987) collected a number of his most thought-provoking early essays and forwards into a single volume. Essays include Bios and Mythos (on the psycho-biological sources of mythic forms and symbols) Mythogenesis (on the rise and fall of a single Native American legend) and The Symbol without Meaning (about the secularization of myths in the modern age).
 Infinity is a comic book crossover storyline that was first published by Marvel Comics in August 2013 and ran through November 2013. The series is written by Jonathan Hickman with artwork by a rotating team of artists including Jim Cheung Jerome Opeña and Dustin Weaver.The storyline concerns issues built up over multiple Marvel comic books as part of the Marvel NOW! initiative foremost of which is Hickman's own Avengers and New Avengers series.
 The Fountainhead is a 1943 novel by Ayn Rand and her first major literary success. More than 6.5 million copies of the book have been sold worldwide.The Fountainhead's protagonist Howard Roark is an individualistic young architect who chooses to struggle in obscurity rather than compromise his artistic and personal vision.
 All That Matters is a novel by Wayson Choy. First published in 2004 by Doubleday Canada it is the sequel to his debut novel The Jade Peony (1995) and was nominated for the Giller Prize.Set in Vancouver Canada during the 1930s and 40s All That Matters follow the lives of the Chen family this time through the experiences of Kiam-Kim the First Son and Oldest Brother of Jook-Liang Jung-Sum and Sek-Lung whose childhood and adolescence in a strict but caring Chinatown family.
 Cladistics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research in cladistics. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Willi Hennig Society. Cladistics publishes papers relevant to evolution systematics and integrative biology. Papers of both a conceptual or philosophical nature discussions of methodology empirical studies on taxonomic groups from animals to bacteria and applications of systematics in disciplines such as genomics and paleontology are accepted.
 The World's Greatest Super-Heroes is the name to the oversized slipcased hardcover collection consisting of six oversized graphic novels all done by writer Paul Dini and artist Alex Ross. The graphic novels are; Superman: Peace on Earth Batman: War on Crime Shazam!: Power of Hope Wonder Woman: Spirit of Truth JLA: Secret Origins and JLA: Liberty and Justice.
 Danse Macabre is the fourteenth book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Face of a Hero is a novel written by American writer Louis Falstein and published in 1950. Though out of print for a long time interest in this narrative dealing with the war experience of a B-24 tail gunner in Southern Europe during W.W.II was rekindled when it was suggested that it inspired Joseph Heller while writing his well-known war novel Catch-22.
 Mek is a three-issue comic book mini-series published in 2003 by WildStorm written by Warren Ellis pencilled by Steve Rolston and inked by Al Gordon.
 The Bourne Imperative is the tenth novel in the Bourne series and seventh by Eric Van Lustbader. The book was released on June 5 2012 as a sequel to The Bourne Dominion.
 Deeside is book published in 1911 describing the geography and history of Deeside in Aberdeenshire Scotland.It is a wide-ranging book that describes the geography of the Dee Valley from the source of the River Dee in the Cairngorms to its mouth at Aberdeen and its history.
 Tiger Mask (タイガーマスク Taigā Masuku) is a Japanese manga series written by Ikki Kajiwara and illustrated by Naoki Tsuji. The series was first published in Kodansha's Bokura Magazine from 1968 to 1971 and was later published in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1970 to 1971. It was later adapted into an anime series by Toei Animation which first aired on Yomiuri TV on October 2 1969 and ended its run on September 30 1971 airing 105 episodes.
 The I Ching also known as the Classic of Changes Book of Changes Zhouyi and Yijing is one of the oldest of the Chinese classic texts.
 Philosophical Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal for philosophy in the analytic tradition. The journal is devoted to the publication of papers in exclusively analytic philosophy and welcomes papers applying formal techniques to philosophical problems. It was established in 1950 by Herbert Feigl and Wilfrid Sellars.
 The Lair of Bones is the fourth novel in David Farland's epic fantasy series The Runelords. It is the final novel in the saga's original story arc.
 The King and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by American author Joe R. Lansdale. This book was published as a limited edition by Subterranean Press. It is long out of print.
 Support for Learning is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Nasen. The journal was established in 1986 and covers the field of special education as it relates to mainstream schools. Topics of note include the relationship between theory research and practice curriculum development and delivery and classroom management.
 Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation is a theme anthology of science fiction stories edited by Groff Conklin published in hardcover by Vanguard Press in 1955. An abridged paperback edition was issued by Berkley Books in 1965.
 The Daily Afghanistan is one of the most popular newspaper of Afghanistan. It covers national and international news with circulation of 4800. It is published by Afghanistan Group of Newspapers an independent media group which also publishes The Daily Outlook Afghanistan the largest English paper in Afghanistan.
 Hidden Ivies: Thirty Colleges of Excellence is a college educational guide published in 2000. It concerns college admissions in the United States.
 It's Like This Cat is a novel written by Emily Cheney Neville that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1964.
 Havelock News is a newspaper based in Havelock North Carolina.On June 1 2012 Freedom Communications announced the sale of Havelock News and other newspapers in Freedom’s Eastern North Carolina operating group to Halifax Media Group of Daytona Beach Florida.
 Football Dreams is a novel by the American writer David Guy.Set in the 1960s it tells the coming-of-age story of Dan Keith as he negotiates the demands of American football culture at Arnold Academy a fictional all-boys prep school in suburban Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Largely autobiographical the novel's depiction of life at Arnold Academy thinly veils the author's real-life experiences at his own alma mater Shady Side Academy in suburban Fox Chapel.
 Augustus is an epistolary novel by John Williams published by Viking Press in 1972. It tells the story of Augustus emperor of Rome from his youth through old age.Williams and Augustus shared the 1973 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction with John Barth and Chimera the first time the award was split.
 My Lovely Ghost KANA (愛しのかな Itoshi no Kana) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yutaka Tanaka. It was published in Tankōbon format by Takeshobo. Although there are traumatic references like suicide and lost love the manga is still overall a light-hearted story of humor and hope. The series contains a great deal of R-rated sex. The magazine series was canceled in 2009 and the third collection is the last.
 Blackmoor is a supplementary rulebook for the original edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game written by Dave Arneson (with a foreword by Gary Gygax). Its product designation is TSR 2004.
 The Menacers first published in 1968 was the eleventh novel in the Matt Helm spy series by Donald Hamilton.
 Bog Child is a historical novel by Siobhan Dowd published by David Fickling in September 2008 more than a year after her death.
 East Wind: West Wind is a novel by Pearl S. Buck published in 1930 her first. It focuses on a Chinese woman Kwei-lan and the changes that she and her family undergo.
 Target Practice is a 1974 crime novel by American author and film director Nicholas Meyer. It was Meyer's first novel and was shortly followed by the bestselling The Seven-Per-Cent Solution that same year.
 Akihabara@DEEP (アキハバラ@DEEP Akihabara atto Dīpu) is a 2004 novel by Ira Ishida which spawned a manga television drama and movie adaptation.The drama and manga versions have considerable differences from the original novel.The original novel focuses on a group of outcasts and their attempt to make a new search engine which would have its own Artificial Intelligence that would understand users intentions and help them in their online searches.
 Burnt Offering (French: L'initiatrice aux mains vides) is a French novel by Jeanne Galzy.
 Chopper is a horror comic book mini-series written by Martin Shapiro illustrated by Juan Ferreyra (who was later replaced by Cliff Richards from issue #3 onward) and published by Asylum Press in 2011.The series is a modern-day reimagining of the headless horseman from The Legend of Sleepy Hollow that takes place in Daytona Beach Florida during Bike Week.
 What We Do Is Secret is a novel by Thorn Kief Hillsbery published by Villard in 2005.What We Do Is Secret takes place in Los Angeles in 1981 six months after the death of Darby Crash (lead singer of The Germs). It is narrated by a gay street kid named Rockets Redglare who knew Darby personally. All the action occurs over the course of 24 hours on Rockets' 13th birthday.
 Zero Zero was an alternative comics anthology published by Fantagraphics Books from 1995 to 2000. It was notable among comics anthologies for the number of serialized works that appeared in its pages including Richard Sala's The Chuckling Whatsit Dave Cooper's Crumple Mack White's Homunculus Kaz and Timothy Georgarakis's Meat Box and Kim Deitch's The Strange Secret of Molly O'Dare and The Search for Smilin' Ed.
 Oui was a men's adult pornographic magazine published in the USA and featuring explicit nude photographs of models with full page pin-ups centerfolds interviews and other articles and cartoons. Oui ceased publication in 2007.
 The Takeover is a novel by the Scottish author Muriel Spark. It was first published in 1976.It is set in Nemi Italy between 1973 and 1975. The author had moved to Italy as a permanent resident in the late 1960s.
 A Year of Prophesying collects 55 newspaper columns written by H.G. Wells in 1923 and 1924.After the extraordinary success of The Outline of History Wells was in great demand for commentary on current events. He wrote regular columns first for the Westerminster Gazette and later for the New York Times and the Daily Express. The articles in A Year of Prophesying were written for the McClure Syndicate.
 Black Notice is a crime novel by American writer Patricia Cornwell. It is the tenth book of the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series.
 Ledene magnolije is a novel by Slovenian author Marjana Moškrič. It was first published in 2002.
 Shadows in the Skull is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in the February 1975 issue of the magazine Fantastic and was first appeared in book form by Ace Books in the paperback collection Conan of Aquilonia in May 1977 which was reprinted several timesthrough 1994. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books in October 1978.
 Anime from Akira to Princess Mononoke: Experiencing Contemporary Japanese Animation is a scholarly book which uses techniques of literary criticism on anime by Susan J. Napier published in 2001 by Palgrave Macmillan. It discusses themes of shōjo hentai mecha magical girlfriend and magical girl anime using select titles. It also discusses some aspects of the English-speaking anime fandom.
 The Unlikely Voyage of Jack de Crow is a 2009 book written and illustrated by A. J. MacKinnon about the author's travel from North Shropshire to the Black Sea in a small Mirror dinghy.The book describes a voyage that starts off as a trip from North Shropshire to the coast in a small (3.3m long) dinghy. When the author gets there he decides to keep going through canals to London.
 The Patriot-News was the largest daily newspaper serving the Harrisburg Pennsylvania metropolitan area. In 2005 the newspaper was ranked in the top 100 in daily/Sunday circulation in the United States. It has been owned by Advance Publications since 1947. On August 28 2012 the paper's publisher announced that it would shift to a three-day publication schedule beginning Jan. 1 2013. This follows similar moves at other Advance-owned publications.
 Kindling is the first novel in the Flame of Evil series written by Mick Farren featuring The Four: a mythical group of young adults with supernatural powers. Its first edition was published in August 2004 and its first mass-market edition in February 2004.
 The Doctor and the Soul is a book written by Dr. Viktor E. Frankl the Vienesse psychiatrist and founder of Logotherapy.The book explores topics on the meaning of life in general as well as the meaning of specific areas of one's life such as work and personal relationships.The original manuscript of the book was snuck into the concentration camps where Frankl was held. However it was soon discarded by other inmates.
 Abraham Lincoln Walks at Midnight is a 1914 poem by American poet Vachel Lindsay. It portrays Abraham Lincoln walking the streets of Springfield Illinois stirred from his eternal sleep a man who even in death is burdened by the tragedies of the modern world. At the time this poem was written Lindsay was oppressed by knowledge of the blood and death exacted by World War I.
 Sports Hochi (スポーツ報知 Supōtsu Hōchi) previously known as Hochi Shimbun (報知新聞 Hōchi Shinbun) is a Japanese language daily sports newspaper. In 2002 it had a circulation of a million.[citation needed]It is an affiliate newspaper of Yomiuri Shimbun.
 Chasing Dogma is a comic mini-series that chronicles the events of the two fictional stoners Jay and Silent Bob between two of their films: Chasing Amy and Dogma. The series was written by Kevin Smith creator of View Askew Productions. It was originally published by Oni Press in four issues as Jay & Silent Bob in 1998 and 1999 and later collected in a trade paperback by Image Comics.
 Whizzer and Chips was a British comic that ran from 18 October 1969 to 27 October 1990 when it merged with the comic Buster. As with most comics of the time Whizzer and Chips was dated one week ahead of the day it actually appeared on newsstands in Great Britain.The format of Whizzer and Chips was to have the comic divided into two separate parts a novel idea at the time.
 The Scope was a free English language alternative newsweekly based in St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador Canada.First published on July 6 2006 the newspaper started as a weekly publication printing 6000 copies. In fall of 2006 they moved to a bi-weekly print schedule and remained that way until 2010. As of June 2010 The Scope switched to a monthly print schedule to reduce printing and distribution costs and to focus on online-only content.
 Annales Aequatoria is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers studies on the languages societies and history of Central Africa in general and the Congo in particular. The journal was established in 1937 under the title Aequatoria. It was published in Coqhuilhatville Belgian Congo (now Mbandaka Democratic Republic of the Congo) from 1937 to 1962 and resuscitated in 1980. The journal is published by the Centre Aequatoria.
 Beware The Fish! is the third installment in the Macdonald Hall Series and it continues to follow the two main characters Bruno and Boots along with the ensemble students of Macdonald Hall. This along with The Zucchini Warriors is one of the few titles in the series which didn't have a title change like the rest of the books did. And like all the other books it received new younger-appealing cover art and was rewritten to apply to today's society economy and technology.
 The Festival is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft written in October 1923 and published in the January 1925 issue of Weird Tales. It is considered to be one of the first of his Cthulhu Mythos stories.
 The Underground is the 17th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Rachel.
 The Post Office Girl is a novel by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig. Its original German title is Rausch der Verwandlung which roughly means The intoxication of transformation. It tells the story of a female post-office clerk who lives in poverty after World War I. The book was published posthumously in 1982.
 The Kindness of Women is a 1991 novel by British author J.G. Ballard a sequel to his 1984 novel Empire of the Sun which drew on the author's boyhood in Shanghai during World War II presenting a lightly fictionalized treatment of Ballard's life from Shanghai through to adulthood in England culminating with the making of Steven Spielberg's 1987 film Empire of the Sun.
 The Potter's Field (orig. Italian Il campo del vasaio) is a 2008 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2011 by Stephen Sartarelli.
 The Bully: A Discussion and Activity Story is a 40 page children's story and activity book by Rita Y. Toews published in 2003. The story focuses on giving children a voice as to how bullying makes them feel and educates parents on how to handle a bully situation in a positive manner. The book can be used in a classroom one-on-one with a counsellor or with a parent/caregiver.
 La Regenta is a realist novel by Spanish author Leopoldo Alas y Ureña also known as Clarín published in 1884 and 1885.
 The Zero Patrol was a short-lived superhero team created by Continuity Comics in 1984.The Zero Patrol were a team of five people from Earth collected to protect the universe. The series was a European comic written and drawn by Esteban Maroto with Neal Adams supplying a new story and artwork.The comic originally ran for only two issues in 1984 and 1985. Then the first two issues were reprinted and the series ran for a total of five issues in 1987-89 before Continuity Comics closed down.
 Edge of Victory: Rebirth (also released as Edge of Victory II: Rebirth) is the second novel in a two-part story by Greg Keyes. Published and released in 2001 it is the ninth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 Modern Masterpieces of Science Fiction is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Sam Moskowitz. It was first published in hardcover by World Publishing Co. in 1965 and reprinted by Hyperion Press in 1974.
 The Sceptical Feminist: A Philosophical Enquiry is a book about feminism by the English philosopher Janet Radcliffe Richards. First published in 1980 an expanded edition was published in 1994.
 Ascendance is the first novel in the second DemonWars Saga trilogy by R.A. Salvatore. The book is also the fifth out of seven books in the combined DemonWars Saga.
 Cuore: human resistance weekly was a satirical insert provided with the more serious Italian Communist paper l'Unità.
 The Son of the Red Corsair (original title: Il figlio del corsaro rosso) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari published in 1908. The novel was adapted for the silver screen in Italy in 1959.
 Topsy Turvy Tales is a 2012 illustrated storybook by Charlotte Boulay-Goldsmith and illustrated by Laura Hyde. The book was published by Humpty Dumpty Publishing on June 14 2012. Topsy Turvy Tales is composed of four tales Quest of the Head The Girl With Liquid Eyes Chester The Oyster and The Man With The Stolen Heart.
 Girl Talk is a magazine in Britain. Immediate Media Company publishes the magazine which is nationally distributed. The target audience are girls from the ages of 7 to 12.According to the U.K.
 The San Francisco Chronicle Magazine is a Sunday magazine published on the first Sunday of every month as an insert in the San Francisco Chronicle. The current magazine was born out of the ashes of the San Francisco Examiner Magazine when the staff of the Chronicle and the San Francisco Examiner were combined in 2000 following the sale of the Examiner.
 The Report on the Alleged Use of Chemical Weapons in the Ghouta Area of Damascus on 21 August 2013 was a 2013 report produced by a team appointed by United Nations Secretary-General (UNSG) Ban Ki-moon to investigate alleged chemical weapon attacks during the Syrian civil war.
 Novosti Uzbekistana (News of Uzbekistan in English) is a Russian-language newspaper published in Uzbekistan. It is one of the privately owned dailies in the country.
 Obiskovalec is a novel by Slovenian author Matjaž Zupančič. It was first published in 1997.
 The Call to Vengeance by Jude Watson is the sixteenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 After 12000 Years is a science fiction novel by Stanton A. Coblentz. It was first published in book form in 1950 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. (FPCI) in an edition of 1000 copies of which 750 were hardback. Lloyd Arthur Eshbach regarded this as one of the stronger titles published by FPCI. Considered one of the author's most bizarre and most interesting futuristic fantasies the novel originally appeared in the Spring 1929 issue of the magazine Amazing Stories Quarterly.
 Rockerilla is an Italy-based music and cinema magazine founded in 1978. It has collaborated with among others Richard Bertoncelli and Guido Chiesa. According to Federico Guglielmi Rockerilla was followed by those most passionate about new trends in rock music in the early 1980s.The magazine covers genres ranging from new wave hard rock heavy metal punk rock and grunge.
 1356 is the fourth novel in The Grail Quest series by Bernard Cornwell. It is set in 1356 nearly a decade after the original trilogy and culminates with the Battle of Poitiers. Intertwined in the plot is the quest to find La Malice a fabled sword of Saint Peter and Christian relic which may turn the tide of the long war for France.It was first published in 2012. It is the fiftieth novel by Bernard Cornwell.
 Fil and Filippa: Story of Child Life in the Philippines is a 1917 novel written by American writer John Stuart Thomson. In the novel Thomson narrated the life in the Philippines based on his impression of the country as a first time visitor. He focused on the customs and the life at home of a Filipino child. The story was written for children at the fifth sixth and seventh grade levels in the United States.
 Star Trek: Titan is a series of Star Trek novels that take place after the events of the 2002 film Star Trek Nemesis detailing the adventures of the U.S.S. Titan under the command of Starfleet Captain William T. Riker who previously served for fifteen years as First Officer under Captain Jean-Luc Picard aboard the Enterprise-D and Enterprise-E on the TV show Star Trek: The Next Generation and the four feature films adapted from that series.
 Berry Town is a series of children's books written by Stephen R. Johnson and illustrated by David Leonard.Published in the UK in 2008 by T.H. Publishing the books tell the stories of a community of berry people each of whom is named after a berry type.As part of Berry-Town's work towards promoting children and sports Berry-Town.com are also the official 2009/10 sponsors of Senrab F.C.
 Tru is a play by Jay Presson Allen.Adapted from the words and works of Truman Capote it is set in the writer's New York City apartment at 870 United Nations Plaza the week before Christmas 1975. An excerpt from Capote's infamous unfinished roman a clef Answered Prayers recently has been published in Esquire and having recognized thinly veiled versions of themselves Manhattan socialites such as Babe Paley and Slim Keith turn their backs on the man they once considered a close confidant.
 Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions is an 1884 satirical novella by the English schoolmaster Edwin Abbott Abbott. Writing pseudonymously as A Square the book used the fictional two-dimensional world of Flatland to offer pointed observations on the social hierarchy of Victorian culture. However the novella's more enduring contribution is its examination of dimensions.Several films have been made from the story including a feature film in 2007 called Flatland.
 The Chalk Circle Man (French: L'Homme aux cercles bleus) is a novel by French crime-writer Fred Vargas. It is the first of her Detective Adamsberg series published in 1991. The novel describes the background of Adamsberg's move to Paris the origins of his partnership with inspector Danglard and a glimpse at his elusive relationship with Camille.
 Point Omega is a short novel by the American author Don DeLillo that was published in hardcover by Scribner's on February 2 2010. It is DeLillo's fifteenth novel published under his own name and his first published work of fiction since his widely praised 2007 novel Falling Man.
 Bad Bargain is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Dune: House Corrino is a 2001 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the fictional Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the third book in the Prelude to Dune prequel trilogy which takes place before the events of Frank Herbert's celebrated 1965 novel Dune. According to the authors the Prelude to Dune novels draw from notes left behind by Frank Herbert after his death.Dune: House Corrino debuted at #8 on The New York Times Best Seller list.
 The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters is the first novel by playwright Gordon Dahlquist and was published in the USA on August 1 2006. A first sequel The Dark Volume was published in the UK by Penguin on May 1 2008. A second sequel The Chemickal Marriage was released in 2012.
 The American Indian Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies on the indigenous peoples of North and South America. It is published by the University of Nebraska Press and was established in 1974. The editor-in-chief is Amanda J. Cobb-Greetham (Oklahoma State University).
 The Summer Job is a 2014 horror novel by Adam Cesare. The book was published on January 7 2014 through Samhain Publishing and centers upon a young woman that takes a summer job that might cost her her life.
 Darolelm (Persian: دارالعلم‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Enayatollah Dastgheib and it was published in Shiraz since 1909.
 The Daily Racing Form (DRF) is a tabloid newspaper founded in 1894 in Chicago Illinois by Frank Brunell.
 Het Nieuwe Volk ('The New People') was a Dutch-language newspaper published in Utrecht the Netherlands between June 15 1940 and October 4 1941. Het Nieuwe Volk was the organ of the National Socialist Dutch Workers Party of Ernst Herman van Rappard. It was founded as a continuation of De Nationaal-socialist. The newspaper was initially published fortnightly but became a weekly paper on August 24 1940. Johan Hepp was the editor of Het Nieuwe Volk.
 Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex (But Were Afraid to Ask) is a book (1969 updated 1999) by U.S. physician Dr. David Reuben. It was one of the first sex manuals that entered mainstream culture in the 1960s and it had a profound effect on sex education and in liberalizing attitudes towards sex.
 Ear Magazine was a monthly music magazine devoted to new music. It often dealt with musical applications of feminism politics and the environment. It was also notable for its extensive listings of new music events in the Bay Area and later New York.[citation needed]
 Kedamono Damono (けだもの だもの Kedamono da mono) is a shōjo manga written by Haruka Fukushima and published by Kodansha. Kedamono Damono was serialized in the Japanese magazine Nakayoshi. All three volumes have been released in the US by TOKYOPOP. The book revolves around the relationship between a boy and a girl but a twist in the plot changes the feel of the manga. The male protagonist named Haruki Sugimoto is forced by urges to change genders at night.
 Lady Sings the Blues (1956) is an autobiography by jazz singer Billie Holiday it was co-authored by William Dufty.The book was the basis of the 1972 film Lady Sings the Blues starring Diana Ross.
 Timescape is a 1980 novel by science fiction writer Gregory Benford (with unbilled co-author Hilary Foister). It won the 1980 Nebula and British Science Fiction Awards and the 1981 John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
 Buried Thunder is a young adult novel written by British author Tim Bowler. It was first published in 2011 in the UK. It is a psychological thriller whose central character is a fourteen-year-old girl called Maya who has just moved to the countryside with her parents and brother. She senses an evil presence in the hotel where they are living and makes a horrific discovery in the forest nearby.
 Your Money's Worth: A study in the waste of the consumer's dollar is a 1927 nonfiction book on consumerism written by Stuart Chase and Frederick J. Schlink. It is notable for becoming popular enough to initiate a consumer protection movement.
 Biomedical Engineering: Applications Basis and Communications (BME) is a scientific journal dedicated to basic and clinical research in the field of biomedical engineering. It is published by World Scientific. The journal covers topics such as bioelectronics biomaterials biomechanics bioinformatics nano-biological sciences and clinical engineering.
 Weekly Reader was a weekly educational classroom magazine designed for children. It began in 1928 as My Weekly Reader. Editions covered curriculum themes in the younger grade levels and news-based current events and curriculum themed-issues in older grade levels.
 Before…12:01…and After is a collection of science fiction fantasy mystery and horror stories by author Richard A. Lupoff. It was released in 1996 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 2100 copies of which 100 were signed by the author and the artist. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Pagoda Fantasy and Science Fiction Heavy Metal Fantastic Whispers Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine Detective Story Magazine Hardboiled and Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine.
 Camera Obscura is a journal of feminism culture and media studies published by Duke University Press.
 Probus: International Journal of Latin and Romance Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal of Latin and Romance linguistics published by de Gruyter Mouton. Its editor-in-chief is Leo Wetzels (Vrije Universiteit).
 Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry Like Christmas is the third book of Maya Angelou's seven-volume autobiography series. Set between 1949 and 1955 the book spans Angelou's early twenties. In this volume Angelou describes her struggles to support her young son form meaningful relationships and forge a successful career in the entertainment world. The work's 1976 publication was the first time an African-American woman had expanded her life story into a third volume.
 The Insight Journal is an electronic scientific journal that covers the reproducibility of technical reports in the areas of image analysis and visualization. The journal provides mechanisms for sharing open source software open data and full description of parameters needed to reproduce the experiences reported in the submitted papers.
 Incompetence is a dystopian comedy novel by Red Dwarf co-creator Rob Grant first published in 2003 with the tag line Bad is the new Good. It is a murder mystery and political thriller set in a near-future federal Europe where no-one can be prejudiced from employment for reason of age race creed or incompitence [sic].
 Namdalsavisa is a daily local newspaper serving the district of Namdal Norway. Published in Namsos circulation is 12898 (2007) The newspaper is owned by A-pressen and was known as Namdal Arbeiderblad until the mid-1990s.
 Source Decay is a science fiction short story by Charlie Jane Anders. It was first published in the online magazine Strange Horizons January 3 2011.
 New Orleans CityBusiness is a weekly business newspaper headquartered in Metairie Louisiana USA.Launched in 1980 CityBusiness covers the metropolitan New Orleans area including the north shore of Lake Pontchartrain. New Orleans Publishing Group owned by Minneapolis-based Dolan Co. (NYSE: DM) publishes CityBusiness the monthly North Shore Report and the Daily Journal of Commerce. NOPG also produces custom publications and an annual Book of Lists.
 We Interrupt This Program... is a 1975 play by Norman Krasna.
 Faery in Shadow is a fantasy novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Legend Books in August 1993 in trade paperback and the first United States edition was published by Ballantine Books under its Del Rey Books imprint in November 1993 in hardcover.
 The Codex is a 2004 novel by Douglas Preston and takes place in the Southwestern United States and Central America.
 King Hedley II is a play by American playwright August Wilson the ninth in his ten-part series The Pittsburgh Cycle. The play ran on Broadway in 2001 and was revived Off-Broadway in 2007.
 The Turning Point: Science Society and the Rising Culture is a 1982 book by Fritjof Capra written to explain perceived scientific and economic crises.
 The Encyclopedia of Christianity is a one-volume encyclopedia published by Oxford University Press and edited by John Bowden of Nottingham University and King's College London. It contains over three hundred articles on a variety of Christian topics and themes. Some of the authors include Oxford University professor John Barton from Oxford University Cynthia B. Cohen from Georgetown University and Martin Marty from the University of Chicago.
 Active Learning in Higher Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers three times a year in the field of Education. The journal's editor is Lynne P Baldwin (Brunel University). It has been in publication since 2000 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Institute for Learning and Teaching in Higher Education.
 The Journal of the History of Biology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of biology as well as philosophical and social issues confronting biology. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.711.
 Eating Animals is the third book by the American writer Jonathan Safran Foer published in 2009. It is a work of non-fiction.
 The Guernsey Press and Star is the only daily newspaper published in Guernsey.
 Palookaville (also frequently appears as both Palooka-Ville and Palooka-ville) is a comic book written and drawn by cartoonist Gregory Gallant better known as Seth and published by Drawn & Quarterly. The first issue appeared in April 1991 and it has been irregularly published ever since. The comics are generally portrayals filled with lost lonely characters searching for meaning often reaching back into the past.
 The Known World is a 2003 historical novel by Edward P. Jones. Set in antebellum Virginia it examines the issues regarding the ownership of black slaves by both white and black Americans.
 African Research Review is an open-access peer-reviewed academic journal published by the International Association of African Researchers and Reviewers. It is a multi-disciplinary journal covering African studies.
 Jewels of Gwahlur is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard. Set in the pseudo-historical Hyborian Age it concerns several parties including Conan fighting over and hunting for the eponymous treasure in Hyborian Africa. The tale was first published in the March 1935 issue of Weird Tales. Howard's original title for the story was The Servants of Bit-Yakin.
 Isis is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by University of Chicago Press. It focuses on the history of science history of medicine and the history of technology as well as their cultural influences featuring both original research articles as well as extensive book reviews and review essays.
 Vulcan! (1978) is a Star Trek novel by Kathleen Sky. The plot of the book was developed from an undeveloped script outline that Sky had submitted for Star Trek: The Original Series that was positively received by Gene Roddenberry but went unused because of the cancellation of the series.
 The newspaper El Intransigente was published in the province of Salta in Argentina between 1920 and 1981. Its activity began on April 17 1920 supervised by David Michel Torino co-founder and owner of the newspaper. In its first years El Intransigente supported the national government of Hipólito Yrigoyen but it became afterward a faithful interpreter of the popular aspiration and the regional reality.
 Doctor Syn: A Tale of the Romney Marsh is the first in the series of Doctor Syn novels by Russell Thorndike. In this story we are introduced to the complex Christopher Syn the kindly vicar of the little town of Dymchurch. Syn seems pleasant but we soon learn that he has a sinister past.
 The Osterman Weekend is a thriller novel by Robert Ludlum. First published in 1972 it was the author's second book. The novel was the basis for the film of the same title.
 The Next Hundred Million: America in 2050 is a non-fiction book by American economist and demographer Joel Kotkin. The author outlines a world in which the growing U.S. population reaches four hundred million by 2050. He argues that the U.S. will become more diverse (with a trend towards ethnic/racial mixing) and more competitive and thus he predicts that the U.S. will experience continual economic growth that advances the populations' standard of living. Kotkin writes that the U.S.
 The Handmaid's Tale is a dystopian novel a work of science fiction or speculative fiction written by Canadian author Margaret Atwood and first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1985. Set in the near future in a totalitarian Christian theocracy which has overthrown the United States government The Handmaid's Tale explores themes of women in subjugation and the various means by which they gain agency.
 Al Ahrar (in Arabic الأحرار meaning The Free or the Liberal in English) is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Egypt.
 Splendours of Royal Mysore — The Untold Story of the Wodeyars is a book written by Vikram Sampath. The book chronicles the history of the Wodeyar dynasty that ruled the Kingdom of MysoreIt was the summer of AD 1399 that disaster struck a small principality of southern India. Mahisuru which later went on to become Mysore had lost its chieftain and was vulnerable to the machinations of a cunning upstart.
 Presumed Innocent published in August 1987 is Scott Turow's first novel which tells the story of a prosecutor charged with the murder of his colleague an attractive and intelligent prosecutor Carolyn Polhemus. It is told in the first person by the accused Rožat Rusty Sabich. A motion picture adaptation starring Harrison Ford was released in 1990.
 Team Yankee is a speculative fiction novel written in 1987 by Harold Coyle then a major in the United States Army whose subject is the actions of a company-sized armor unit of the United States Army in the World War III scenario as depicted by General Sir John Hackett in his novel The Third World War. General Hackett's scenario takes place in 1985; Coyle never specifies the year but it is assumed to take place in the late 1980s.
 Magnetic Resonance in Medicine (MRM) is a peer-reviewed international journal devoted to the publication of original investigations concerned with all aspects of the development and use of nuclear magnetic resonance and electron paramagnetic resonance techniques for medical applications.
 Šesta knjiga sanj is a novel by Slovenian author Dušan Merc (sl). It was first published in 2006.
 The Hunt for the Four Brothers is the 155th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon. The book was first published by Pocket Books in 1999.
 Neuropsychologia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that focuses on cognitive neuroscience. It was established in 1963 and is published by Elsevier.
 Day of Vengeance is a six-issue comic book limited series written by Bill Willingham with art by Justiniano and Walden Wong published in 2005 by DC Comics.
 The Lottie Project is a children's novel by English author Jacqueline Wilson. It is illustrated by Nick Sharrat. The book is different from most Jaqueline Wilson books as they are mostly told by characters who are not popular in school and are usually bullied by the popular students.
 Gamesauce is a full-color trade magazine and on-line portal for the game industry founded in Fall 2009 by Jessica Tams managing director of the Casual Games Association focusing on the international video game industry. The magazine currently has an international distribution of over 23000.
 The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding and a Selection of Entrées is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 24 October 1960. It is the only Christie first edition published in the UK that contains stories with both Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple the writer's two most famous detectives. It retailed in the UK for twelve shillings and sixpence (12/6) and comprises six cases.
 The Virgin of Zesh is a science fiction novella written by L. Sprague de Camp the fourth book of his Viagens Interplanetarias series and the third of its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna. Chronologically it is the fifth Krishna novel.It was first published in the magazine Thrilling Wonder Stories for February 1953. It was first published in book form together with The Wheels of If in the paperback collection The Virgin & the Wheels by Popular Library in 1976.
 Dag og Tid (English: Day and Time) is a national weekly newspaper in Norway that uses the Nynorsk standard of the Norwegian language. The newspaper was founded in 1962 is politically independent but editorially radical and focuses on culture and politics. The current editor is Svein Gjerdåker. Its circulation is 7228.It is owned by various persons and groups.
 Aging & Mental Health is a peer-reviewed monthly scientific journal published by Routledge covering research on the relationship between the aging process and mental health. The editors-in-chief are Martin Orrell and Steven Zarit.
 The New Heart of Wisdom: Profound Teachings from Buddha's Heart (Tharpa Publications 5th. ed. 2012 ISBN 978-1906665043) is a commentary to Buddha Shakyamuni's Heart Sutra by Geshe Kelsang Gyatso a Buddhist teacher and author in the West. The Heart Sutra is a well-known Mahāyāna Buddhist Sutra that is very popular among Mahayana Buddhists both for its brevity and depth of meaning.
 Orbital Resonance is a science fiction novel by John Barnes. It is the first of four books comprising the Century Next Door series followed by Kaleidoscope Century Candle The Sky So Big and Black.Orbital Resonance was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1991.
 The Coming of Stork was the first play written by David Williamson.It was adapted into a feature film in 1971 starring Bruce Spence.
 Dark Hollow is a 2006 horror novel (first published as The Rutting Season) written by Brian Keene. It tells the story of Adam Senft a struggling writer who discovers that an evil satyr has been summoned by Nelson LeHorn a local witch. The satyr is hypnotising and abducting women in Adam's local town in order to procreate with them.
 Juanita Cruz is a novel written by Magdalena G. Jalandoni in 1966. It was originally written in Hiligaynon.
 Issola is the ninth book in Steven Brust's Vlad Taltos series set in the fantasy world of Dragaera. It was published in 2001. Following the trend of the series it is named after one of the Great Houses and features that House as an important element to its plot.
 The Mummy Case is the 63rd title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon. Grosset & Dunlap published this book in 2005.
 Endymion Spring is a children's fantasy novel by English-Canadian author Matthew Skelton. It was first published in 2006.
 PopSister is a Japanese monthly gal-shibuya-kei-oriented fashion magazine published by Kadokawa Publishing & Co.. Launched in 2010 as the older sister magazine of Popteen PopSister is targeted at females in their teens and early 20's.
 Times Ascent is a weekly supplement of The Times of India newspaper that is focused on human resource development employment and job opportunities. The editorial covers future and current trends and news features for job seekers and HR professionals. The features are about the changing paradigm of work the personal fulfillment that the employee seeks the emotional engagement the employer expects and the empowerment for both.
 Poland is a historical novel written by James A. Michener and published in 1983 detailing the times and tribulations of three Polish families (the Lubonski family the Bukowski family and the Buk family) across eight centuries ending in the then-present day (1981).
 The Believer is an American literary magazine that also covers other arts and general culture. Founded and designed in 2003 by the writer and publisher Dave Eggers it is edited by Vendela Vida Heidi Julavits and Ed Park. It is published in San Francisco nine times a year.
 The Haunted Monastery is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book contains eight illustrations by the author as well as a diagram of the Monastery where the action takes place.
 The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering is a book on software engineering and project management by Fred Brooks whose central theme is that adding manpower to a late software project makes it later. This idea is known as Brooks' law and is presented along with the second-system effect and advocacy of prototyping.Brooks' observations are based on his experiences at IBM while managing the development of OS/360.
 The Executioner is a crime novel by Bulgarian novelist Stefan Kisyov about the killing of Bulgarian dissident writer Georgi Markov. It was published in 2003 and it is the first Bulgarian novel awarded with the Vick Foundation's Prize: Best Novel of the year. in 2004.
 The West End Horror: A Posthumous Memoir of John H. Watson M.D. is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Nicholas Meyer published in 1976. It takes place after Meyer's other two Holmes pastiches The Seven-Per-Cent Solution and The Canary Trainer though it was published in between the two. The plot concerns a series of strange murders in London's theatre district at the end of the 19th century.
 I Am a Barbarian is a historical novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs written in 1941 but was not published until after the author's death first appearing in hardback on September 1 1967 as published by Edgar Rice Burroughs Inc.. The book was originally to have been published by Canaveral Press. When Canaveral stopped adding titles to its catalog Edgar Rice Burroughs Inc. took up the project. It was the first book the firm had published since Llana of Gathol in 1948.
 Dreamwatch was a British magazine covering science fiction and fantasy films books and television programmes.Published monthly by Gary Leigh (July 1983 to January 2001) and then Titan Magazines (2001 to 2007) it was a leading genre entertainment magazine competing with SFX and Cinescape in the genre magazine market.
 The Man in the Black Suit is a short story by Stephen King. It was originally published in the October 31 1994 issue of The New Yorker magazine. In 1995 it won the World Fantasy Award and the O. Henry Award for Best Short Fiction. In 1997 it was published in the limited-edition collection Six Stories. In 2002 it was collected in King's collection Everything's Eventual. King described the piece as an homage to Nathaniel Hawthorne's story Young Goodman Brown.
 Double Whammy is a 1987 novel by Carl Hiaasen. The protagonist a private investigator is hired to expose a celebrity bass fisherman as a cheat and is drawn into a frame-up for murder. The book introduced the character of Skink (Clinton Tyree) who becomes a recurring character in Hiaasen's subsequent novels.
 The World My Wilderness is a novel published in 1950 by the English novelist biographer and traveller Rose Macaulay (1881-1958) the last but one of her novels.
 Option (オプション Opushon in katakana and subtitled Exciting Car Magazine) is an automotive magazine founded by Daijiro Inada in 1981 to meet the demand for enthusiasts of modified Japanese cars in Japan.The magazine is published by the Japanese media giant San-Ei Shobo Publishing Co. Ltd. the parent company of Sunpros a company owned by Inada who is behind both the D1 Grand Prix series and Tokyo Auto Salon.
 With Child is the third novel in the Kate Martinelli series by Laurie R. King. In the book a teenaged girl is kidnapped while she was supposed to be in Kate's care. With Child is preceded by To Play the Fool and followed by Night Work. The book was nominated for an Edgar Allan Poe Award.
 A Mother's Gift is a 2001 novel by pop music singer Britney Spears and her mother Lynne Spears. It is their second book together following 2000's Heart-to-Heart. The story is about a 14-year-old girl named Holly Faye Lovell from a tiny rural town called Biscay in the U.S. state of Mississippi.
 Iso-Polifonia is a newspaper published in Albania. The newspaper specializes on articles regarding Albanian polyphonic music.
 Crimson Joy is the 15th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker.The story follows Boston based PI Spenser as he tracks a serial killer the press has dubbed the Red Rose Killer.
 The Room of How To is a poem by South African writer Karen Press.
 Tactics of Mistake is a science fiction novel written by Gordon R. Dickson which was first published as a serial in Analog in 1970-1971. It is part of Dickson's Childe Cycle series in which mankind has reached the stars and divided into specialized splinter groups. The fourth book written it is chronologically the second book of the cycle occurring roughly a century after Necromancer and a century before Dorsai!.
 Women's Wear Daily (WWD) is a fashion-industry trade journal sometimes called the bible of fashion. WWD delivers information and intelligence on changing trends and breaking news in the fashion beauty and retail industries with a readership composed largely of retailers designers manufacturers marketers financiers media executives advertising agencies socialites and trend makers. It is the flagship journal of Fairchild Publications Inc.
 The New Masses published from 1926 until 1948 was an American Marxist magazine closely associated with the Communist Party USA. With the coming of the Great Depression in 1929 America became more receptive to ideas from the political Left and The New Masses became highly influential in intellectual circles. The magazine has been called “the principal organ of the American cultural left from 1926 onwards.
 Kokoro Button (ココロ・ボタン) is a manga series written and illustrated by Maki Usami. It is published in French by Soleil.
 Zündels Abgang (Zündel’s Departure) is the first novel of Swiss writer Markus Werner (1944 in Eschlikon) that was published in 1984 and became a bestseller and enjoys the status of cult novel for a lot of readers.
 The Brooklyn Rail is a free monthly 501(c)(3) non-profit journal of arts culture and politics based in New York City. Coverage includes local reporting art criticism fiction and poetry as well as coverage of music dance film and theater.
 Literal: Latin American Voices is a quarterly cultural magazine focusing on art architecture literature politics culture writers intellectualism and current world events. It publishes most of its articles in both English and Spanish. It distributes nationwide in Mexico the United States and Canada.
 Green Henry (German: Der grüne Heinrich) is a partially autobiographical novel by the Swiss author Gottfried Keller first published in 1855 and extensively revised in 1879. Truth is freely mingled with fiction and there is a generalizing purpose to exhibit the psychic disease that affected the whole generation of the transition from romanticism to realism in life and art.
 Sarkofag is a novel by Slovenian author Dušan Merc. It was first published in 1997.
 Go!! Southern Ice Hockey Club (行け!!南国アイスホッケー部 Go!! Southern Ice Hockey Club) is a shōnen manga by Kōji Kumeta. The manga ran for 23 volumes in Shōnen Sunday from 1991 to 1996. The art style changed drastically over the course of the series evolving towards Kumeta's distinct style of his later series such as Katte ni Kaizo or Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei.
 Council of Wyrms is a Dungeons & Dragons boxed set published in 1994.
 The Genius of America (1923) is book written by Stuart Sherman. The book is a study and opinion piece on the youth of America for the future generations of America Studies in Behalf of the Younger Generation.
 Die for You is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger. It is a standalone novel.
 Sail is a mystery novel by the bestselling author James Patterson and co-author Howard Roughan that was released on June 10 2008.
 The Source is a historical novel by James A. Michener first published in 1965. It is a survey of the history of the Jewish people and the land of Israel from pre-monotheistic days to the birth of the modern State of Israel. The Source uses for its central device a fictional tell in northern Israel called Makor (Hebrew: source‎).Unlike most Michener novels this book is not in strict chronological order. A parallel frame story set in modern-day Israel supports the historical timeline.
 Life As We Knew It is a young adult science fiction novel by American author Susan Beth Pfeffer first published in 2006 by Harcourt Books. It is the first book in the Last Survivors Trilogy followed by The Dead and the Gone. When an asteroid hits the moon and brings it closer to Earth life in Northeastern Pennsylvania will never be the same again for Miranda and her family with the lack of food and extreme cold major threats to their survival.
 Al-Watan Daily is a daily English-language newspaper published in Kuwait. It was established and is printed by the Dar Al-Watan publishing house which also publishes the Arabic language daily newspaper Al-Watan (Kuwait). In 2006 Dar Al-Watan had published the english language daily The Daily Star – Kuwait edition in cooperation with The Daily Star (Lebanon).
 Emergence is a science fiction novel written by David R. Palmer. It first appeared as a novella published in Analog Science Fiction in 1981. Analog also published Part II 'Seeking' in 1983. The completed novel then was published by Bantam in 1984. The plot follows a precocious 11-year-old orphan girl living in a post-apocalyptic United States.
 Catalysis Science & Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry. The editors-in-chief are Noritaka Mizuno(University of Tokyo Japan) and Piet van Leeuwen (ICIQ Taragona Spain).The first online articles were published in January 2011 and the first issue of Catalysis Science & Technology appeared in March 2011. Free online access is available to all Catalysis Science & Technology articles until the end of 2012.
 Love Stage!! is a Japanese yaoi manga series written by Eiki Eiki and illustrated by Taishi Zaō. It began serialization in the July 2010 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Asuka Ciel magazine. A spin-off light novel series titled Back Stage!! began publication in May 2011. An anime television series adaptation produced by J.C.Staff will air in 2014.
 Shine is a 2011 young-adult mystery novel by Lauren Myracle. The book was published on May 1 2011 and follows a teenaged girl investigating a hate crime involving the beating and near-death of her best friend in a small North Carolina town. Shine won the 2012 Amelia Elizabeth Walden Award and is on the ALA's YALSA Reader’s Choice and Top Ten Best Fiction for Young Adults lists for 2012.
 Clementina's Cactus is a 1982 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.In Clementina's Cactus Keats conveys a story without words. Clementina and her father encounter a single cactus while walking through the desert. Clementina investigates the dried stumpy cactus until a thunderstorm sends them home. They return the next day to find a wonderful surprise!
 Blues Ain't No Mocking Bird is a short story by Toni Cade Bambara written in 1971. It is told through the point of view of a young black girl in southern America. Blues Ain't No Mockin Bird is about a family whose privacy is invaded by two white cameramen who are making a film for the county's food stamp program. In this story the little girl is playing with her neighbors Tyrone and Terry and cousin Cathy at her grandmother’s house.
 Weekly Playboy (週刊プレイボーイ Shūkan Pureibōi) also known as Shūpure (週プレ) or WPB is a Japanese weekly magazine published by Shueisha since 1966. Although the magazine publishes a variety of news and special interest articles columns celebrity interviews and comics it is considered an adult magazine.
 The Kerrville Daily Times formerly the Kerrville Times and Centerpoint News is a local and regional newspaper published in Kerrville Texas United States serving the hill country Kerrville and Kerr County. It was first published in 1926 although the original printing equipment had been used at a prior newspaper since 1908 and was later was purchased in Centerpoint Texas by the Starke family and moved to Kerrville to begin production of a regional newspaper in Kerr County.
 La famosa invasione degli orsi in Sicilia is an Italian children’s book written and illustrated by Dino Buzzati which was translated into English by Frances Lobb as The Bears’ Famous Invasion of Sicily.The American hardcover edition was published by HarperCollins in 2003 and the paperback was published in 2005 also by HarperCollins and The New York Review Children's Collection.
 The True Singapore Ghost Stories books are one of the bestselling books in Singapore. With over 1000000 copies sold[citation needed] True Singapore Ghost Stories has become a household name since its inception in 1989. Russell Lee the Singaporean author compiles reports stories and interviews about the supernatural.
 Secret Windows: Essays and Fiction on the Craft of Writing is a collection of short stories essays speeches and book excerpts by Stephen King published in 2000. It was marketed by Book-of-the-Month Club as a companion to King's On Writing.
 Bara no Tame ni (薔薇のために lit. For the Roses' Sake) is a Japanese josei manga by Akemi Yoshimura. It was published by Shogakukan from 1992 to 1998 in the magazine Petit Comic and collected in 16 tankōbon volumes. The series received the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo in 1994.
 SquareGo Magazine is an independent publication founded in Scotland in 2006 which reports on video game news reviews and previews.
 Muse of Fire is a science fiction novella by Dan Simmons. It is about a group of Shakespearean actors in the far future where humans are an interstellar but insignificant race.
 Cherry is an adult comic book with a protagonist of the same name written and drawn by Larry Welz.
 Jeeves and the Feudal Spirit is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on October 15 1954 by Herbert Jenkins London and in the United States on February 23 1955 by Simon & Schuster Inc. New York under the title Bertie Wooster Sees It Through. It is the seventh novel featuring Bertie Wooster and his valet Jeeves.
 The Suicide Collectors is the debut novel of American author David Oppegaard. Published by St. Martin's Press in December 2008 it was a finalist for the 2008 Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a First Novel awarded by the Horror Writers Association.
 Kitchen （キッチン）is a novel written by Japanese author Banana Yoshimoto (吉本ばなな）in 1988 and translated into English in 1993 by Megan Backus.Although one may notice a certain Western influence in Yoshimoto's style Kitchen is still critically recognized as an example of contemporary Japanese literature; The Independent The Times and The New Yorker have all reviewed the novel favorably.Most editions also include a novella entitled Moonlight Shadow which is also a tragedy dealing with loss and love.There have been two films made of the story a Japanese TV movie in 1989 and a more widely released version produced in Hong Kong by Yim Ho in 1997.
 Inda is the first installment in a quartet of books which act as an historical prequel to Sherwood Smith's other books set in Sartorias-deles the world which she has been writing about since [she] was eight years old. Inda's story takes place in the southern hemisphere of this planet.Inda's sequel The Fox came out on August 7 2007.
 DU&ICH (You and I) is a German LGBT magazine. DU&ICH distributes copies monthly. The publisher is German company Jackwerth Verlag. The seat of the publishing company is in Berlin.
 Before Pastoral: Theocritus and the Ancient Tradition of Bucolic Poetry is a 1983 book about Theocritus by classicist David M. Halperin. The work was praised by literary scholar Camille Paglia.
 The Marxists is a 1962 book about Marxism by sociologist C. Wright Mills.
 Chemical Engineering Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of chemical engineering. It is published by Elsevier and was established in 1951. The editor-in-chief is A.P.J. Middelberg (University of Queensland).According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.386.
 Vancouver Magazine is an English-language lifestyle magazine focused on Vancouver British Columbia and the Lower Mainland. Vancouver Magazine describes its mission as informing guiding and entertaining residents of a dynamic international city. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).Founded in 1967 the magazine published 10 times a year and is owned by the Transcontinental Media chain.
 The Bond Of Saint Marcel is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Archaia Studios Press.Created and written by Jennifer Quintenz with pencils by five-time Eisner Awards nominee Christian Gossett.
 The Journal of Financial Economics or JFE is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering theoretical and empirical topics in financial economics. Together with the Journal of Finance and the Review of Financial Studies it is considered to be among the top three finance journals. The editor is Bill Schwert. The JFE had the highest impact factor of the three top journals in 2009.
 Introduction to Economic Analysis is a university microeconomics textbook by Caltech Professor Preston McAfee. It is available free of charge under Creative Commons (an open source) license; under this license that requires attribution users can pick and choose chapters or integrate with their own material.Introduction to Economic Analysis was the first published complete textbook being openly available online.
 Granny Was a Buffer Girl is a realistic young-adult novel by Berlie Doherty published by Methuen in 1986. It recounts stories of love loyalty and change in several generations of a Sheffield family from the 1930s to the 1980s linking them to the changing fortunes of that industrial city.
 The Irregular at Magic High School (魔法科高校の劣等生 Mahōka Kōkō no Rettōsei lit. The Poor Performing Student of a Magic High School) is a Japanese light novel series written by Tsutomu Satō with illustrations by Kana Ishida. ASCII Media Works has published 13 novels under their Dengeki Bunko imprint since July 2011. There have been five manga adaptations published by ASCII Media Works and Square Enix. An anime television series adaptation by Madhouse began airing April 5 2014.
 The Southwest Review is a literary journal published quarterly based on the Southern Methodist University campus in Dallas Texas. It is the third oldest literary quarterly in the United States of America (US). The current editor-in-chief is Willard Spiegelman.The journal was formerly known as the Texas Review and was started in 1915 at the University of Texas. In 1924 the magazine was transferred to SMU by Jay B.
 The Rubber Band is the third Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout. Prior to its publication in 1936 by Farrar & Rinehart Inc. the novel was serialized in six issues of The Saturday Evening Post (February 29–April 4 1936). Appearing in one 1960 paperback edition titled To Kill Again The Rubber Band was also collected in the omnibus volume Five of a Kind (Viking 1961).
 Justus Liebig's Annalen der Chemie (often cited as just Liebigs Annalen) was one of the oldest and historically most important journals in the field of organic chemistry worldwide. It was established in 1832 and edited by Justus von Liebig with Friedrich Wöhler until Liebig's death in 1873. In 1997 the journal merged with Recueil des Travaux Chimiques des Pays-Bas to form Liebigs Annalen/Recueil.
 Journal of Black Studies is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of social sciences and ethnic studies concerning African-American culture. The journal's editors-in-chief are Molefi Kete Asante (Temple University) and Ama Mazama (Temple University). The journal was established in 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 My Side of the Mountain is a 1959 young-adult fiction novel by Jean Craighead George about a boy who learns about courage independence and the need for companionship while attempting to live in a forested area of New York. The book was one of three novels to be named to the Newbery Medal Honors list in 1960 and was loosely adapted into a movie in 1969. My Side of the Mountain also spawned several sequels.
 Aces High was a short lived comic book series published by EC Comics in 1955 as the fourth title in its New Direction line. The bi-monthly comic was published by Bill Gaines. It lasted a total of five issues before being cancelled along with EC's other New Direction comics.Aces High was dedicated to tales of air combat and front line service of Allied airmen during World War I and World War II.
 Goodnight Mister Tom is a children's novel by the English author Michelle Magorian published by Kestrel in 1981. Harper & Row published a U.S. edition within the calendar year. Set in mostly rural England during World War II it features a boy abused at home in London who is evacuated to the country during the Battle of Britain.
 Das Nasobēm usually translated into English as The Nasobame is a short nonsense poem by German writer Christian Morgenstern (1871–1914).
 Winesburg Ohio (full title: Winesburg Ohio: A Group of Tales of Ohio Small-Town Life) is a 1919 short story cycle by the American author Sherwood Anderson. The work is structured around the life of protagonist George Willard from the time he was a child to his growing independence and ultimate abandonment of Winesburg as a young man.
 Cyber Rights: Defending Free speech in the Digital Age is a non-fiction book about cyberlaw written by free speech lawyer Mike Godwin. It was first published in 1998 by Times Books. It was republished in 2003 as a revised edition by The MIT Press. Godwin graduated from the University of Texas School of Law in 1990 and was the first staff counsel for the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
 Psycho Busters (Japanese: サイコバスターズ Hepburn: Saiko Basutāzu) is a light novel series written by Tadashi Agi and drawn by Rando Ayamine. It was published by Kodansha in Japan and is licensed by Del Rey in the United States.
 thumbnailRaag Darbari is an Hindi novel written by Sri Lal Sukla an author known for his social and political satire. He was awarded the Sahitya Academy Award the highest Indian literary award in 1970 for this novel.The novel highlights the failing values present in post-Independence Indian society.
 The Ring of Solomon is a fantasy novel a prequel to the Bartimaeus trilogy written by Jonathan Stroud. It was first published in 2010 and is set in a fantasy version of ancient Jerusalem.
 Strange or Strangeness may refer to: Strange (surname) a family name Strange (TV series) a British programme Strange+ Japanese manga series Strange Ontario Canada Strange quark an elementary particle Strangeness a property of elementary particles
 Weekly Morning (週刊モーニング Shūkan Mōningu) is a weekly Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Kodansha aimed at adult men. It debuted in 1982 as Comic Morning (コミックモーニング Komikku Mōningu) and is also known as simply Morning (モーニング Mōningu).
 Computational Statistics & Data Analysis is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on and applications of computational statistics and data analysis. The editor-in-chief is Stanley P. Azen (University of Southern California). The journal was established in 1983 and is the official journal of the International Association for Statistical Computing a section of the International Statistical Institute.
 El médico de su honra (English: The Surgeon of his Honour) is a Spanish language play by Pedro Calderón de la Barca. First published in 1637 it is a tragedy about a misunderstanding which leads to the honor killing of the protagonist’s wife.
 Fortunata y Jacinta (Fortunata and Jacinta) was written by Benito Pérez Galdós in 1887. It is together with Leopoldo Alas y Ureña's La Regenta (The Judge's Wife) one of the most popular and representative novels of Spanish literary realism. Born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria Canary Islands the author went to Madrid the capital to study law at age 18. There he would create a literary world that was present in almost all his writings.
 Black Water is the fifth book in the Pendragon series by D. J. MacHale; it was published August 3 2004. Four months after Mark and Courtney were faced with Saint Dane in the root cellar of the old house they find the 16th journal leading to Bobbys journey on Eelong...only the rules have been twisted around and changed.
 A Little Lumpen Novelita (Una novelita lumpen in Spanish) is a novel by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño. A translation from the Spanish by Natasha Wimmer is forthcoming from New Directions in September 2014.The book is divided into sixteen short chapters told in first person by the protagonist Bianca who recalls her childhood adolescence and early adulthood.Il Futuro a 2013 film directed by Alicia Scherson and starring Manuela Martelli and Rutger Hauer was based on this novel.
 Rogue Trader: How I Brought Down Barings Bank and Shook the Financial World is a book by Nick Leeson who served four years in prison for fraud after bankrupting the London-based Barings Bank in 1995 by hiding $1.4 billion in debt he accumulated as a derivatives trader in Singapore. The book was released on February 19 1996 by Little Brown & Company.
 The Western Herald is a print newspaper published in Bourke New South Wales Australia. It services the town of Bourke and surrounding districts. The current cover price is $1.70.
 Komm süßer Tod (Come Sweet Death) is a 1998 novel by Austrian author Wolf Haas. It is named after a musical piece by Johann Sebastian Bach. It was picturised in 2000 as Komm süßer Tod (film).
 The Dark Horse Book of... was the banner title given to a series of four Dark Horse Comics one-shot hardcover comic book horror anthologies edited by Scott Allie and featuring the work of Mike Mignola and others.
 Yummy Fur (1983–1994) was a comic book by Canadian cartoonist Chester Brown. It contained a number of different comics stories which dealt with a wide variety of subjects.
 Daring Mystery Comics is an American comic-book series published by Timely Comics a predecessor of Marvel Comics during the 1930-1940s period fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books. Primarily a superhero anthology it ran eight issues from 1940 to 1942 and is notable for work by Carl Burgos Bill Everett Alex Schomburg and the team of Joe Simon & Jack Kirby.Daring Mystery Comics #8 (Jan.
 Reef of Death is a 1998 young adult novel by Paul Zindel published by HarperCollins and Hyperion. Set in Australia it is an adventure story with elements of horror.
 Interview with the Vampire is a debut gothic horror and vampire novel by American author Anne Rice published in 1976. Based on a short story Rice wrote around 1968 the novel centers on vampire Louis de Pointe du Lac who tells the story of his life to a reporter. Rice composed the novel shortly after the death of her young daughter Michelle who served as an inspiration for the child-vampire character Claudia.
 Apocalypse Zero (覚悟のススメ Kakugo no Susume lit. Onward Kakugo) is a manga series written and illustrated by Takayuki Yamaguchi.The manga was adapted into a two-part original video animation in 1996.
 Hokum & Hex is a superhero comic book series published by Marvel Comics' Razorline imprint. It was created by filmmaker and horror/fantasy novelist Clive Barker and was written by Frank Lovece and penciled by Anthony Williams.
 The National Mirror is a daily newspaper published in Nigeria. It has a tabloid format.The National Mirror was founded by Prince Emeka Obasi in 2006. Editions include the Daily Mirror Saturday Mirror and Sunday Mirror.In August 2008 Barrister Jimoh Ibrahim acquired 100% of the shares of the National Mirror.On 5 May 2010 Global Media Mirror Limited publishers of National Mirror took over Newswatch Communications Limited publishers of Newswatch weekly news magazine.
 Crest of the Royal Family (王家の紋章 Ōke no Monshō) is a shōjo manga by Chieko Hosokawa. It has run in the monthly magazine Princess since 1976. In 1991 it received the 36th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo. As of 2006 the collected volumes had sold 36 million copies in Japan making it the third best-selling shōjo manga ever.
 The Global Custodian is a trade publication covering the international securities services industry.
 Smithsonian is the official journal published by the Smithsonian Institution in Washington D.C. The first issue was published in 1970.
 Pink and Say is a children's book written and illustrated by Patricia Polacco. It was first published in 1994 by Philomel Books. The story is about two boy soldiers who meet each other in the battlefield during the American Civil War. One of the protagonists Sheldon Russell Curtis (Say) is a white soldier who was injured while trying to escape battle. He is saved by a former slave named Pinkus Aylee (Pink) who is now a soldier of the 48th Regiment Infantry U.S. Colored Troops.
 Four for Tomorrow is the first story collection by Roger Zelazny published in paperback by Ace Books in 1967. British hardcover and paperback editions followed in 1969 under the title A Rose for Ecclesiastes. The first American hardcover was issued in the Garland Library of Science Fiction in 1975. A French translation appeared in 1980 (as Une rose pour l'Ecclésiaste). Paperback reissues continued from Ace and later from Baen Books into the 1990s.
 Year’s Best Science Fiction Novels: 1952 is a 1952 anthology of science fiction novels and novellas edited by E. F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1954 under the title The Year’s Best Science Fiction Novels. The stories had originally appeared in 1951 in the magazines Astounding Super Science Stories and Two Complete Science-Adventure Books.
 Leaf Storm is the common translation for Gabriel García Márquez's novella La Hojarasca. First published in 1955 it took seven years to find a publisher. Widely celebrated as the first appearance of Macondo the fictitious village later made famous in One Hundred Years of Solitude Leaf Storm is a testing ground for many of the themes and characters later immortalized in said book.
 Frog and Toad Are Friends is the first book in the Frog and Toad series published in 1970 by the American author of children's stories Arnold Lobel.
 The Alchemyst: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel (often shortened to The Alchemyst) is the first novel in the six book fantasy fiction series The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel. It was written by Irish author Michael Scott and published in May 2007. The Alchemyst has been printed in 20 languages and is available in 37 countries. The film rights to the series have been sold to Lorenzo di Bonaventura.
 Pyongyang (published in English as Pyongyang: A Journey in North Korea) is a black and white graphic novel by the Canadian Québécois author Guy Delisle published in 2004.
 The British Journal of Nutrition is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on animal and human nutrition. It was established in 1947 and is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society. The editor-in-chief is G.C. Burdge (University of Southampton). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.302.
 Toba Tek Singh (Urdu: ٹوبہ ٹیک سنگھ‎ ALA-LC: Ṭobah Țek Siṉgh IPA: [ʈoːbəh ʈeːk sɪŋɡʱ]) is a short story written by Saadat Hasan Manto and published in 1955. It follows inmates in a Lahore asylum some of whom are to be transferred to India following the 1947 Partition. The story is a powerful satire on the relationship between India and Pakistan. A film based on a play adaptation was made in 2005 by Afia Nathaniel.
 The Daily Aztec is a not-for-profit independent student newspaper serving San Diego State University (SDSU) and the surrounding College Area in San Diego California.The Daily Aztec publishes on a regular basis when the university is in session (excluding holidays). It serves a student population of over 35000 and a faculty and staff population of over 4000. It is named for the university's mascot the Aztec.
 The Test of My Life: From Cricket to Cancer and Back is the autobiography of the Indian cricketer Yuvraj Singh. It was released on19 March 2013.
 Red Equinox is the ninth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 Carnivale De Robotique is a comic from South Fellini created by Johnny Zito and Tony Trov illustrated by Mark A. Fionda Jr.. The comic was created as limited edition comic for 2009's Indy Skip Week. With such a great demand for the series it was expanded into a four book miniseries for Comixology.
 The Journal of Medical Microbiology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers microbiological research relevant to human and animal disease. Topics covered include pathogenicity virulence host response epidemiology microbial ecology diagnostics typing models for infection and antimicrobial agents relating to viruses bacteria fungi and eukaryotic parasites. The journal is published monthly by the Society for General Microbiology from Reading UK.
 Vibe is a music and entertainment magazine founded by producer Quincy Jones. The publication predominantly features R&B and hip-hop music artists actors and other entertainers. After shutting down production in Summer 2009 Vibe was purchased by the private equity investment fund InterMedia Partners and is now issued every-other month with double covers with a larger online presence. The magazine's target demographic is predominantly young urban followers of hip-hop culture.
 WorldRadio was a monthly amateur radio enthusiast magazine published in the United States from July 1971 to November 2008. The magazine was published in English and drew its subscription base primarily from the United States of America and Canada although it had subscribers around the world. The staff of the magazine had an amateur radio club that has been assigned the call sign WR6WR.
 Arena Homme + is a fashion magazine for men published biannually since 1994. It is published by Ashley Heath and editor-in-chief is the stylist & former Dior Homme campaign model Max Pearmain.Arena Homme + is the premier men's biannual and came from the monthly Arena which itself was started out of The Face offices.
 Pacing and Clinical Electrophysiology (PACE) is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes papers in cardiac pacing clinical and basic cardiac electrophysiology cardioversion-defibrillation the electrical stimulation of other organs cardiac assist and in general the management of cardiac arrhythmias.PACE is the official journal of the International Cardiac Pacing and Electrophysiology Society.
 The Journal of Hydrometeorology is a scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society. It covers the modeling observing and forecasting of processes related to water and energy fluxes and storage terms including interactions with the boundary layer and lower atmosphere and including processes related to precipitation radiation and other meteorological inputs.
 The Dark Cry of the Moon is a horror novel by Charles L. Grant. It was first published in 1986 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1450 copies of which 300 were signed numbered and boxed as a deluxe edition. The book is the second volume of an internal trilogy which is part of Grant's Oxrun Station series.
 Dinosaurs: The Most Complete Up-to-Date Encyclopedia for Dinosaur Lovers of All Ages is a book by Dr. Thomas R. Holtz Jr. & Luis Rey. It was published in 2007 by Random House.
 Heart Throbs was a romance comic published by Quality Comics and DC Comics from 1949 to 1972. Quality published the book from 1949–1957 when it was acquired by DC. Most issues featured a number of short comics stories as well advice columns text pieces and filler.
 A Semana (Portuguese meaning The Week) is a weekly Cape Verdean daily that covers its top stories in the archipelago and local stories ranging from each island. A Semana is located in the Cape Verdean capital city of Praia and is one of the most circulated newspapers and dailies in Cape Verde. It was founded in 1991.
 The Game is a book written by former ice hockey goaltender Ken Dryden. Published in 1983 the book is a non-fiction account of the 1978-79 Montreal Canadiens detailing the life of a professional hockey player. The book describes the pressures of being a goaltender in the NHL and gives readers a behind-the-scenes look at a team that would eventually win the Stanley Cup.
 Idiot's Delight is a 1936 play written by American playwright Robert E. Sherwood. The original Broadway production was presented by The Theatre Guild and starred Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne. It ran for 300 performances at the Shubert Theatre from March 24 1936 to December 1936. It was awarded the 1936 Pulitzer Prize for drama the first of three that Sherwood received. Sherwood adapted the play into a 1939 film of the same name starring Norma Shearer and Clark Gable.'
 Second Chance is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in June 2004. The book is Steel's sixty-third novel.
 The Wizard's Spell Compendium is a series of four volumes of accessories for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996-1998.
 The Hostile Hospital is the eighth novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket.
 The Lost Jedi Adventure Game Book was written by Paul Cockburn and published in 1995. It is set in the Star Wars galaxy between 0 BBY (Before the Battle of Yavin) and 2 ABY (After the Battle of Yavin) and combines the previously published game books Jedi Dawn and The Bounty Hunter. These books were only released in the UK and are currently unavailable in The US.In Jedi Dawn you play a young Jedi who ends up on the planet where the plans for the first Deathstar would later be transmitted.
 Gamiani or Two Nights of Excess (French: Gamiani ou deux nuits d'excès) is a French erotic novel first published in 1833. Its authorship is anonymous but it is believed to have been written by Alfred de Musset and the lesbian eponymous heroine a portrait of his lover George Sand. It became a bestseller among nineteenth century erotic literature.The novel was illustrated with unsigned lithographs whose authorship remains unknown.
 The Medium is the student-run weekly entertainment and comedy newspaper at Rutgers University with the purpose of promoting the message of free speech.
 Vikram Seth's second non-fiction work Two Lives is the story of a century and of a love affair across an ethnic divide. As the name suggests it is a story of two extraordinary lives that of his great uncle Shanti Behari Seth and of his German Jewish great aunt Hennerle Gerda Caro.Two Lives is divided into five parts beginning with the teenage author going to live with his uncle and aunt in England for higher studies at the Tonbridge School.
 Philosophical Papers is an international generalist journal of philosophy appearing three times a year. Philosophical Papers is primarily based in the Department of Philosophy at Rhodes University in Grahamstown and it is jointly edited by the philosophy departments of Rhodes and the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg.
 PodUniversal is the first podcast magazine (PodMagazine) published by Prime Point Foundation from India
 Maui Time Weekly (also known as Maui Time Magazine Maui Time and the Maui Times) is a free alternative newspaper published weekly in the county of Maui state of Hawaii. The paper is owned mostly by its publisher Tommy Russo.Maui Time Weekly was launched in 1997. It serves all of Maui and is distributed every Thursday. The paper has remained independently owned and operated throughout its existence.
 Twelve Dreams is a 1981 play by James Lapine which was inspired by a case study contained in Carl Jung's book Man and His Symbols. The case concerns a 10-year-old girl who gave her father a psychiatrist an unusual Christmas present — a handwritten booklet describing twelve dreams that she had had when she was eight years old.The play was first performed as a work-in-progress in 1978. A more complete version was performed in 1981–1982 and it was revived in 1995.
 The Islamic Globe is an English-language international weekly e-newspaper published by Eaglemont Media each issue is distributed digitally and globally. The Islamic Globe primarily covers Islamic finance news and issues and was launched in February 2011. Its purpose is to provide information and opinions as to what was happening in the Islamic finance world.
 Plop: The Hairless Elbonian is an experimental spinoff of the Dilbert comic strip both by Scott Adams. It follows the life of the titular Elbonian who having absolutely no hair is unusual in his country.
 Pilipino Mirror is a daily tabloid in the Philippines. It is published by the Filipino Mirror Media Group a division of the ALC Group of Companies owned by former Philippine ambassador for Laos Antonio Cabangon Chua.
 Without You: A Memoir of Love Loss and the Musical Rent is a 2006 memoir by a musical theater actor Anthony Rapp. Later it was turned into a staged musical adaptation by the same name.
 Sister Princess (シスター・プリンセス Shisutā Purinsesu) is a Japanese seinen series written by Sakurako Kimino and illustrated by Naoto Tenhiro. It began as a serialized light novel series in 1999. In 2001 a manga series and a bishōjo game for the PlayStation were released. Sequels to the game were released for the PlayStation and Game Boy Advance. Sister Princess was also adapted into two anime television series.
 Albertine disparue (Albertine Gone) is the title of the sixth volume of Marcel Proust's seven part novel À la recherche du temps perdu. It is also known as La Fugitive (in French) and The Sweet Cheat Gone (in English).
 Chuk and Gek (Russian: Чук и Гек) is a 1939 Russian short-story written by Soviet children's writer Arkady Gaidar. It was adapted as a film in 1953 directed by Ivan Lukinsky.
 Founded in December 1964 Surfing Magazine is a magazine originally published by Primedia and later by Source Interlink. As of 2008 the corporate offices are in Norcross Georgia. Editorial production and ad sales function remain in San Clemente California close to the same neighborhood when the publication was founded nearly 50 years ago. It is published monthly. Surfing Magazine is the official magazine for Vans Triple Crown of Surfing and the National Scholastic Surfing Association.
 This article is about the book by Roger Zelazny.
 Ways That Are Dark: The Truth About China is a 1933 non-fiction book about the alleged state of then-contemporary China written by Ralph Townsend an American author who served as a US consul in Shanghai and Fuzhou between 1931 and 1933.Described by Foreign Affairs as a sensationally unorthodox and unvarnished picture of the Chinese and billed as doing for China what Katherine Mayo did for Mother India Townsend's Ways That Are Dark includes a harsh and racially-charged critique of Chinese society and culture. 
 Murder Is Corny is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in April 1964 in the short-story collection Trio for Blunt Instruments (Viking Press). It was the last Nero Wolfe novella to be written and the last published in Stout's lifetime.
 Ardiente Paciencia or El Cartero De Neruda is a 1985 novel by Antonio Skármeta. The novel was published in the English market under the title The Postman. It tells the story of Mario Jiménez a fictional postman in revolution-era Chile who befriends the real-life poet Pablo Neruda.The novel is based on the motion picture of the same author released in 1983 and it was turned into another movie in 1995 as Il Postino directed by Michael Radford.
 Silver subtitled Return to Treasure Island is a novel by former British poet laureate Andrew Motion published by Jonathan Cape on 15 March 2012. The book follows Jim Hawkins son of the character of the same name in Robert Louis Stevenson's 1883 novel Treasure Island as he and Nat daughter of Long John Silver also a character in Treasure Island return to the island visited by their fathers to claim abandoned bar silver.
 La Vendetta (The Vendetta) is a novel by the French writer Honoré de Balzac. It is the eighth of the Scènes de la vie privée (Scenes of Private Life) in La Comédie humaine. The novel was first published in 1830 by Mame et Delaunay-Vallée. In 1842 it appeared in the first Furne edition of La Comédie humaine.
 Lafcadio: The Lion Who Shot Back first published in 1963 is a children's novel written and illustrated by Shel Silverstein. It is narrated by Shel Silverstein as Uncle Shelby.
 The Burning Tigris: The Armenian Genocide and America's Response presents a narrative of the massacres of the Armenians during the 1890s and genocide in 1915 at the responsibility of the Ottoman government. Using archival documents and first-person accounts Peter Balakian shows the history of how the Young Turks were involved in the Armenian Genocide. The book received the 2005 Raphael Lemkin Prize and was a New York Times Notable Book and New York Times and national best seller.
 Black Ajax is a historical novel by George MacDonald Fraser based on the career of Tom Molineaux.The father of Harry Flashman appears as a major character although the book is not part of the official Flashman series. As in those novels several real life characters are depicted including:Tom MolineauxBill RichmondTom CribbGeorge IVBeau BrummelPierce Egan↑
 International Studies Perspectives is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Studies Association. The journal was established in 2000. The editors-in-chief are Douglas A. Van Belle (Victoria University of Wellington) and Jacqui True (University of Auckland).
 Payasos en la lavadora (Clowns in the Washing Machine) is a humorous novel written in Spanish by Spanish Basque film maker Álex de la Iglesia in 1997. It tells the experiences of a bohemian writer during Bilbao's Main Week fiestas.
 The Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract is a reference-type book written by Bill James featuring an overview of professional baseball decade by decade along with rankings of the top 100 players at each position. The original edition was published in 1985 by Villard Books updated in paperback in 1988 then followed by The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract in 2001.
 The Gay and Lesbian Times was a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) newspaper in the San Diego California area. The Times was a member of the National Gay Newspaper Guild. The paper originally launched in January 1988 as the San Diego Gay Times.In May 2010 it was accused of defrauding advertisers over circulation counts while being saddled in debt.
 Posta is a mass market Turkish daily newspaper with the second highest circulation in Turkey. It began publication in 1995 and the first issue was released on January 23. It has a daily circulation of approximately 516000 (2009). It is published in Istanbul by Doğan Holding which also owns other major Turkish newspapers including Hürriyet.
 We Are Incredible is Margery Latimer's first novel published in 1928. It tells the story of a small-town woman Hester Linden and her cult-like influence on a small band of followers leaving them virtually lifeless. The novel was partly based on the sometimes manipulative influence that Zona Gale had on Latimer. Linden's physical appearance is closely modelled on Gale's.Latimer died a few years after the novel was published and her works essentially disappeared.
 India Abroad is a weekly newspaper published from New York City which focuses on Indian news meant for an Indian American Indian diaspora and expatriate audience. The publication is known for its annual award ceremony for the India Abroad Person of the Year.India Abroad was founded by Indian American publisher Gopal Raju in 1970.
 Night of Thunder is a 2008 thriller novel and the fifth in the Bob Lee Swagger series by Stephen Hunter.
 Founded in October 2008 10 Magazine is an English language events-led monthly magazine published in Seoul Korea. The content focuses on the month's events (concerts exhibitions festivals etc.) around the country and entertaining activities to experience while visiting or residing in Korea.
 The Anchorage Daily News is a daily newspaper based in Anchorage Alaska in the United States. It is often referred to colloquially as either the Daily News or the ADN. With a circulation of about 57622 daily and 71223 Sundays it is by far the most widely read newspaper in the state of Alaska.
 Happy Birthday to You! is a 1959 children's book by Dr. Seuss. It deals with a fantastic land called Katroo where the Birthday Bird throws the reader an amazing party on their special day. It consists of a running description of a fantastical celebration narrated in the second person of the reader's birthday from dawn to late night. The celebration includes fantastical and colorful gifts foods and a whirl of activities all arranged by the Birthday Bird for the reader's birthday.
 The Shining Girls is a novel by South African author Lauren Beukes. The book centers around a time-traveling Depression-era drifter who must murder the shining girls in order to continue his travels.The Shining Girls was published on 15 April 2013 by the Umuzi imprint of Random House Struik in South Africa on 25 April 2013 by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom and on 4 June 2013 by Mulholland Books in the United States.
 Shōjo Friend (少女フレンド Shōjo Furendo) was a shōjo manga magazine formerly published by Kodansha beginning in 1962. Kodansha used the knowledge gained from publishing magazines aimed at young girls including Nakayoshi and Shōjo Club as well as the experience from publishing Weekly Shonen Magazine. Shōjo Friend is considered the successor to Shōjo Club. In 1963 Shueisha began publishing Margaret and the two magazines became fierce competitors.
 The Monmouthshire Beacon is a weekly tabloid newspaper covering the areas of Monmouthshire south Herefordshire and western Gloucestershire. It has been in continuous publication since 1837. Since 1980 the newspaper has been part of the Tindle Newspaper Group of local newspapers owned by Farnham Castle Newspapers and chaired by Sir Ray Tindle.The newspaper's editorial office is at Cornwall House Monnow Street Monmouth. The Beacon is published every Wednesday.
 Rules of Play: Game Design Fundamentals is a book on game design by Katie Salen and Eric Zimmerman published by MIT Press.
 Katërmbëdhjetë vjeç dhëndër (English: A Bridegroom at Fourteen) is an Albanian play by Andon Zako Çajupi. The four-act comedy was written in 1902 and published posthumously after Çajupi's death in 1930. The work which was considered a critique on the custom of arranged marriage was adapted to film in 1987. The film version is titled Përralle Nga e Kaluara and was directed by Albanian director Dhimitër Anagnosti.
 Lyra's Oxford is a short book by Philip Pullman depicting an episode involving the heroine of His Dark Materials Pullman's best-selling trilogy. Lyra's Oxford is set when Lyra Silvertongue is 15 two years after the end of the trilogy. It was released to quench the thirst of fans of the trilogy while they wait for the unspecified release of The Book of Dust and also to expand upon Pullman's themes from the trilogy.The book consists mainly of an illustrated short story Lyra and the Birds.
 The Eclética Química (print-ISSN 0100-4670 CODEN ECQUDX) in English called Eclectic Chemistry is a Brazilian scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1976 and is published by the Fundação Editora da Universidade Estadual Paulista Júlio de Mesquita Filho (UNESP) located at the Instituto de Química UNESP Araraquara.The journal is online via SciElo beginning from vol. 22 (1997) and the fulltext ist freely available.Chief editor is Antonio Tallarico Adorno.
 African and Black Diaspora: An International Journal is devoted to a critical interrogation of the trans/national movements locations and intersections of subjectivity within the African diaspora in the context of globalization as well as in different discourses practices and political contexts.
 Fables is a comic book series created by writer Bill Willingham published by DC Comics's Vertigo imprint beginning in 2002. The series deals with various characters from fairy tales and folklore – referring to themselves as Fables – who have been forced out of their Homelands by The Adversary who has conquered the realm. The Fables have traveled to our world and formed a clandestine community in New York City known as Fabletown.
 The Hill of Dreams is a semi-autobiographical novel by Arthur Machen.
 4 a.m. is the debut novel of Scottish author Nina de la Mer. It was first published in the UK on 26 August 2011 by Brighton-based publishing house Myriad Editions. The novel draws on the author's personal experiences and research covering rave culture of the 90s and peacetime life in the British Army.
 Cross Rhythms was the eponymously titled music magazine produced by the Christian media organisation of the same name. It was founded under the name Cross Rhythms Magazine by editor Tony Cummings and printer Mark Golding in April 1989 with the first issue being made available in May 1990. Two years later publication of the magazine was taken over by Cornerstone House a publishing company owned by Chris Cole.
 This article is about the journal published by Elsevier. For the Lippincott journal see SpineThe Spine Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research related to the spine. It is the official journal of the North American Spine Society. The journal was established in 2001 and is published by Elsevier.
 The Asian Journal of Transfusion Science is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Society of Blood Transfusion and Immunohematology. The journal publishes articles on the subjects of blood transfusion and immunohematology.
 Halo: Contact Harvest is a science fiction novel by Joseph Staten set in the Halo universe. Staten is a longtime employee of Bungie the developer of the Halo video game series; he directed the cut scenes in the video games and is a major contributor to Halo's storyline. The book was released on October 30 2007 and is the fifth Halo novel following 2006's Halo: Ghosts of Onyx written by Eric Nylund.
 Aradia or the Gospel of the Witches is a book composed by the American folklorist Charles Godfrey Leland that was published in 1899. It contains what he believed was the religious text of a group of pagan witches in Tuscany Italy that documented their beliefs and rituals although various historians and folklorists have disputed the existence of such a group.
 Swami Vivekananda in the West: New Discoveries is a series of biographical books on Swami Vivekananda written by Marie Louise Burke who is popularly known as Sister Gargi. There are six volumes in the series. This series of books was first published in two volumes in 1957. In 1983-87 these series was republished in six volumes.
 People of the Earth is set in the plains and basins region of North America c 5000 bc. It is the third book in The First North Americans series.
 Hollywood Interrupted: Insanity Chic in Babylon - The Case Against Celebrity is a book and website authored by Mark Ebner with co-author Andrew Breitbart. The book was published in 2004 by John Wiley and Sons. The writing focuses primarily on what Ebner sees as the disconnected self-indulgent nature of Hollywood culture. The book was on the New York Times Best Seller list and was also a Los Angeles Times bestseller.
 For the 1959 Audrey Hepburn film of this title see Green Mansions (film).Green Mansions: A Romance of the Tropical Forest (1904) is an exotic romance by William Henry Hudson about a traveller to the Guyana jungle of southeastern Venezuela and his encounter with a forest dwelling girl named Rima.
 Tarzan and the Madman is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the twenty-third in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. Written from January–February 1940 the story was never published in Burroughs' lifetime. It was first published in hardcover by Canaveral Press in June 1964 and in paperback by Ballantine Books in February 1965.
 Balamangalam (Malayalam: ബാലമംഗളം) was a Malayalam comic magazine published by Mangalam Publications (India) Private Limited. The fortnightly magazine was also published in Kannada under the name Balamangala. Along with the comic strips the magazine also featured children's stories rhymes and puzzles.The comic magazine ceased publication in October 2012 as result of falling circulations.Main stories: Dinkan (Artist: Baby) Saktimarunnu (Story: Manu Artist: Baby)
 E–The Environmental Magazine or simply E is a bimonthly magazine aimed at a readership concerned about the environment and those who want to know what they can do to make a difference. It claims to have won and been nominated for 13 Independent Press Awards.The magazine was first published in 1990 and is produced bimonthly currently by a staff of six full-time and two part-time employees as well as college interns.
 In the Place of Fallen Leaves is Tim Pears' debut novel published in 1993. It won the Ruth Hadden Memorial Award in 1993 and the Hawthornden Prize in 1994.
 The Spy Who Came in from the Cold is a 1963 Cold War spy novel by British author John le Carré. It has become famous for its portrayal of Western espionage methods as morally inconsistent with Western democracy and values. The novel received critical acclaim at the time of its publication and became an international best-seller; it was selected as one of the All-Time 100 Novels by Time magazine.
 The South Central Review is an academic journal established in 1984 and the official publication of the South Central Modern Language Association. It is an eclectic interdisciplinary journal publishing a wide range of material including literary criticism philosophy history politics film studies and debates on cultural topics. The journal often prints special issues focusing on narrower themes. The current editor is Richard J.
 To Periodiko (Greek:Το Περιοδικό) meaning The Magazine is a weekly magazine published in Cyprus. Fist issued in 1986 it is published by Dias media group which also owns Simerini newspaper and Sigma TV. At its peak it had a circulation of 25000 copies. It is published in full colour and features columns on current events lifestyle politics and fashion. It is currently priced at CY£1.00 and its current circulation is 12000 to 15000 copies.
 Porius: A Romance of the Dark Ages is a 1951 historical romance by John Cowper Powys. Set in the Dark Ages during a week of autumn 499 AD this novel is in part a bildungsroman with the adventures of the eponymous protagonist Porius heir to the throne of Edeyrnion in North Wales at its centre. The novel draws from both Arthurian legend and Welsh history and mythology with Myrddin (Merlin) as another major character.
 Bodyguard of Lies is a 1975 non-fiction book written by Anthony Cave Brown his first major historical work. Named for a wartime quote of Winston Churchill it is a narrative account of Allied military deception operations during the Second World War. The British and American governments resisted Brown's attempts to research the book. Many of the topics were still classified and he was denied access to British war records.
 The Torch is a science fiction novel by author Jack Bechdolt. It was first published in book form in 1948 by Prime Press in an edition of 3000 copies. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Argosy in January 1920.
 The Foot Book: Dr. Seuss's Wacky Book of Opposites (ISBN 0-394-80937-8) is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss and first published in 1968.The Foot Book is intended for young children and it seeks to convey the concept of opposites through depictions of different kinds of feet. The text of The Foot Book is highly stylized containing the rhymes repetitions and cadences typical of Dr. Seuss's work.
 The Scottish Historical Review is an academic journal in the field of Scottish historical studies covering Scottish history from the early to the modern encouraging a variety of historical approaches. It superseded The Scottish Antiquary Or Northern Notes & Queries.In addition to its book reviews the Scottish Historical Review also includes lists of articles in Scottish history and essays on Scottish history in books published in the preceding year.
 Summer Days (サマーデイズ Samā Deizu) is an erotic visual novel developed by 0verflow released on June 23 2006 for Windows and later ported as a DVD game and for the PlayStation Portable (PSP). It is the second installation of School Days line of series succeeding the visual novel of the same name and preceding Cross Days.
 Nightworld is the sixth and final volume in a series of novels known as The Adversary Cycle written by American author F. Paul Wilson. First published in 1992 by New English Library in England (May) and Dark Harvest in US (August). Nightworld completes The Adversary Cycle which consists of six books: The Keep The Tomb The Touch Reborn Reprisal and Nightworld.F.
 Linked: The New Science of Networks is a popular science book written by the Hungarian physicist Albert-László Barabási and first published by the Perseus Books Group in 2002.Barabási has changed the way of thinking about real-world networks and largely contributed to making networks the revolutionary science of the 21st century. Linked is his first book that introduces the highly developing field of Network Science to the broad audience.
 The Dark Wraith of Shannara is a graphic novel produced by Terry Brooks in his Shannara series. The story is set several years after the events of The Wishsong of Shannara and Indomitable.
 The Illustrated Treatise on the Maritime Kingdoms or Haiguo Tuzhi is a 19th-century Chinese gazetteer compiled by scholar-official Wei Yuan and others based on initial research carried out by Special Imperial Commissioner Lin Zexu. The Treatise is regarded as the first significant Chinese work on the West and one of China's initial responses to the Anglo-Chinese First Opium War (1839–1842).
 Chicago Dispatcher is a monthly newspaper in Chicago Illinois that focuses on news and features that affect taxi drivers and the taxi industry as a whole. Chicago Dispatcher was founded in February 2002 and is published by Chicago entrepreneur George Lutfallah.The publication is produced by independent taxicab drivers and other business professionals with an interest in the industry.
 IEEE Microwave Magazine is a professional magazine for the members of IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society that is published bimonthly with several special conference issues. It is also available to others as a part of the IEEE Xplore.
 Sicherheit und Frieden (English: Security and Peace) is a quarterly German academic journal focusing on peace research and security policy publishing articles in German and English. Since 2004 the journal also publishes peer-reviewed articles. The current editor-in-chief is Michael Brzoska (Institute for Peace Research and Security Policy University of Hamburg).
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixteenth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0312204457) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1999. It is the 16th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 Catastrophe: Risk and Response is a 2004 nonfiction book by Judge Richard Posner that advocates the use of a cost-benefit framework to address potential major disasters such as runaway global warming and planet-obliterating asteroids.
 American Museum Novitates is an academic journal published by the American Museum of Natural History. The journal was founded in 1921.
 AARGH (Artists Against Rampant Government Homophobia) was a 76-page one-off comics anthology published by Mad Love in 1988.The comic was designed to aid the fight against Clause 28 which was a controversial amendment to the Local Government Act 1988 a British law which was designed to outlaw the promotion of homosexuality by local authorities.
 Homology Homotopy and Applications is a peer-reviewed open access mathematics journal published by International Press. It was established in 1999 and covers research on algebraic topology. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2011 MCQ was 0.55 and according to the Journal Citation Reports the journal had a 2011 impact factor of 0.549.
 Practical Photography is a monthly UK photography magazine established in 1959 owned by Bauer Media Group since it was acquired from EMAP in 2008.The magazine includes articles on photographic products techniques and includes advice as well as exhibiting and commenting on reader's photographs and profiling professional photographers. It also hosts an annual 'Photographer of the Year' competition between January and July in which readers may enter.
 Night Sky Mine is a 1997 science fiction novel by Melissa Scott set in a future after computer programs have run amok. After the Crash an interface has been created that portrays programs as various floral faunal and mythological species depending on the characteristics of the program.
 Common Wealth: Economics for a Crowded Planet is a 2008 New York Times bestseller book by economist Jeffrey Sachs. Jeffrey Sachs began promoting electric vehicles (PHEVs) in this book.
 The Kings of Clonmel is the eighth novel in the Ranger's Apprentice series by Australian author John Flanagan. It was released in Australia on 4 November 2008.
 Troll Blood is a children's fantasy novel the third volume of the Troll Trilogy written by Katherine Langrish. It follows the events of Troll Fell and Troll Mill.
 The Man Who Never Missed is the first book in the Matador series by Steve Perry. It was first published in August 1985.
 Flight: A Quantum Fiction Novel is a novel by American writer Vanna Bonta.First published in 1995 this novel is about a writer who notices the fiction he is writing appears in reality around him. It is set at the end of the 20th century going into the 21st century where Earth is at the height of a consumerist materialistic culture and about to enter the information age.The main plot follows Mendle J.
 Life (Japanese: ライフ Hepburn: Raifu) is a shōjo manga series created by Keiko Suenobu a manga creator well known for her work on Vitamin and Happy Tomorrow. Life was serialized in Bessatsu Friend a publication of Kodansha and deals with many controversial topics such as self-mutilation bullying rape suicide and manipulation.
 Vaskilintu (Finnish: Brassbird or The Copper Bird) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.There exists an English translation of the book.Plot summary:A Finnish girl Terhen gets mingled with royalty of Sweden and follows in a retinue to the Court of Novgorod where the eldest sister of the Swedish king is married with ruler of that country. An accident makes a mix-up how Terhen is replaced to the role of the Novgorodian queen's youngest sister.
 Page is the second book in the quartet Protector of the Small by fantasy author Tamora Pierce. It details the continuing training of Keladry (Kel) of Mindelan the first female pagein a hundred years.
 The Transcendental Temptation: A Critique of Religion and the Paranormal is a non-fiction book by Paul Kurtz. The book was published by Prometheus Books in 1986 a company founded by Kurtz in 1969 but which has published numerous book on skepticism and secular humanism by many authors.
 Helessa Or Eli Elobda Meli Melobda Sea buzzing…(the georgian charm) (Laz maritime movie novel depicted as chronicles of sail felucca Kirbishi’s last travels or revitalized drawings of a Laz artist Hasan Helimishi if you will) (ჰელესა ანუ ელი ელობდა მელი მელობდა ზღვა ფოფინობდა...) is a 2012 Georgian Movie-novel by author Miho Mosulishvili.
 Marvel Zombies 3 is a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics beginning in October 2008. It is part of the Marvel Zombies series. The series is written by Fred Van Lente penciled by Kev Walker with covers by Greg Land.
 Wolfskin is a three-issue comic book limited series published 2006 and 2007 by Avatar Press. It is written by Warren Ellis with art by Juan Jose Ryp.It is a fantasy comic combining sword and sorcery themes (like those in Conan) with elements from historical fantasy sources (including Norse sagas and chambara).
 The Hollywood Reporter or THR is a multiplatform American media brand founded in 1930 and focusing on the Hollywood motion picture industry television entertainment and Hollywood's intersection with fashion finance law technology lifestyle and politics. Headquartered in Los Angeles THR is now part of Guggenheim Digital Media a group of properties that also includes media entities Billboard Adweek Back Stage Sonicbids the CLIO Awards and the Film Expo Group.
 Dead Beat is the 7th book in The Dresden Files Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. It is available in print and e-book.
 The Bostonians is a novel by Henry James first published as a serial in The Century Magazine in 1885–1886 and then as a book in 1886. This bittersweet tragicomedy centers on an odd triangle of characters: Basil Ransom a political conservative from Mississippi; Olive Chancellor Ransom's cousin and a Boston feminist; and Verena Tarrant a pretty young protégée of Olive's in the feminist movement.
 The Punch and Judy Murders (also published under the title The Magic Lantern Murders) is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 The Journal of Musicology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of musicology published by University of California Press. The journal was established in 1982 by Marian C. Green.
 The Star Weekly magazine was a Canadian periodical published from 1910 until 1973. The Star Weekly was read widely in rural Canada where delivery of daily newspapers was infrequent. Founded as the Toronto Star Weekly by Joseph E. Atkinson as a Canadian equivalent of British Sunday editions it began as a 16-page publication.
 Midnight Runner is a novel by Jack Higgins published in 2002. It is his tenth Sean Dillon novel.
 Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal is a non-fiction work by science author Mary Roach published in April 2013 by W.W. Norton & Company.
 BUG is a Croatian monthly computer and information technology magazine established in 1992. Published by the BUG publishing company it is currently the most popular computer magazine in the country. It focuses primarily on PC hardware and software technology. The magazine also includes sections for video games news columnist writing (John C.
 Bring ‘Em Back Alive (1930) was Frank Buck’s first book a huge best seller that catapulted him to world fame and was translated into many languages. Buck tells of his adventures capturing exotic animals. Writing with Edward Anthony Buck relates some of his most frightening experiences among them his battle with an escaped king cobra. This venomous snake is the only jungle animal Buck says that has no fear of either man or beast.
 Alcohol Shirt and Kiss (酒とYシャツとキス Sake to Y-shirt to Kiss) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yuko Kuwabara. It is her debut boys love manga. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on March 21 2007.
 Test & Measurement World (ISSN-0744-1657) was a magazine published from January 1981 to July 2012 and website that was stopped in June 2013 by UBM Electronics a division of United Business Media. Former owner Reed Business Information sold the magazine to Canon Communications in February 2010; in October 2010 Canon Communications was acquired by United Business Media.
 Profit is a Canadian business magazine aimed at entrepreneurs. It is published six times per year and according to its website focusses on how to find opportunity and seize it management practices case studies and access to peer groups.Its sister magazines are Canadian Business and MoneySense.
 Glow in the Dark is a 2009 biographical photo essay about Kanye West's Glow in the Dark Tour and is authored by Kanye West and published by Rizzoli USA. It was launched in October 2009. West worked together with Australian-American photographer Nabil Elderkin to put together this book.
 The Ragnarök Conspiracy is the 2012 debut thriller novel by biomedical scientist Erec Stebbins. The novel is about a Western terrorist organization attempting to instigate a global war with the Islamic world. A group of FBI and CIA agents work together to uncover and stop their plot. The Ragnarök Conspiracy follows two main characters an American Bin Laden and an FBI agent who both suffer a terrible loss on 9/11 but clash over how to respond to terrorist threats from radicalized Muslims.
 The Defence of Duffer's Drift is a short 1904 book by Major General Sir Ernest Dunlop Swinton. It purports to be a series of six dreams by Lieutenant Backsight Forethought about the defence of a river crossing in the Boer War. The infantry tactics in the early dreams are disastrous but each time BF learns something until in the final defence he is successful.
 The Tallahassee Democrat is a daily broadsheet newspaper. It covers the area centered on Tallahassee in Leon County Florida as well as adjacent Gadsden County Jefferson County and Wakulla County. The newspaper is owned by Gannett Co. Inc. which also owns the Pensacola News Journal the Fort Myers News-Press and Florida Today along with many other news outlets.Knight Newspapers bought the Tallahassee Democrat in 1965.
 And Afterward the Dark is a collection of stories by author Basil Copper. It was released in 1977 and was the author's second collection of stories published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 4259 copies. One of the stories Camera Obscura was produced in 1973 for the television series Night Gallery.
 Erklärte Nacht (Declared night) is a 2002 poetry collection by the German writer Durs Grünbein.
 Itsudatte My Santa! (いつだってMyサンタ! lit. Always My Santa!) is a manga by Ken Akamatsu. Originally a one-chapter production it ran in Japan before Akamatsu's Love Hina was serialized. It ran in Shōnen Magazine in 1998 and was serialized in volumes 4 and 5. An anime OVA with two episodes was released on December 7 2005 in Japan. As of January 25 2007 the anime OVA has been licensed in the United States by FUNimation and was scheduled to be released in the USA on December 11 2007.
 The International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools was founded in 1992 and is published by World Scientific. It covers research on artificial intelligence (AI) tools or tools that use AI including architectures languages and algorithms. Topics include AI in Bioinformatics Cognitive Informatics Knowledge-Based/Expert Systems and Object-Oriented Programming for AI.
 Deathtrap Dungeon is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Ian Livingstone and illustrated by Iain McCaig. Originally published by Puffin Books in 1984 the title is the sixth gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002.
 The Strangers is the title of a comic book series created and written by Steve Englehart. It was originally drawn by Rick Hoberg for Malibu Comics’ Ultraverse imprint.The Strangers consisted of a group of random passengers on a cable car who were struck by what they believed to be a bolt of lightning but was actually a jumpstart: one of the bursts of energy emitted by the Entity from the Moon which transformed them into Ultras.
 The Bombay Samachar (Gujarati: Mumbai Samachar) is the oldest continuously published newspaper in India. Established in 1822 it is published in Gujarati and English. and is one of the most trusted newspapers of Mumbai.
 Nonviolence: The History of a Dangerous Idea first published as Nonviolence: Twenty-Five Lessons from the History of a Dangerous Idea is a book by Mark Kurlansky. It follows the history of nonviolence and nonviolent activism focusing on religious and political ideals from early history to the present.
 Perspectives in Vascular Surgery and Endovascular Therapy is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of angiology. Its editor-in-chief is Peter Gloviczki (Mayo Medical School). It was established in 1988 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Mathematics Educator (TME) is peer-reviewed journal within the field of mathematics education. TME is produced by students and it is published by the Mathematics Education Student Association (MESA) in the Department of Mathematics Education at the University of Georgia. MESA is an affiliate of the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics (NCTM).The journal first appeared in 1990 and it has appeared one or two times a year since then.
 The Journal of Perinatal & Neonatal Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal of perinatal nursing and neonatal nursing. Each issue is presented in a topic-oriented format. It is popularly known as the Pink Journal.
 Jalan Tak Ada Ujung (English: A Road with no End) is an Indonesian novel by Mochtar Lubis first published by Balai Pustaka in 1952. It takes place during the Indonesian war of independence and tells the story of Guru Isa a schoolteacher who assists the guerrilla freedom fighters yet lives in fear. It has been considered Lubis' best work.
 Fath ul-Bari fi Sharh Sahih al-Bukhari (Arabic: فتح الباري‎) (Grant of the Creator) is the most valued[citation needed] Sunni commentary of Sahih al-Bukhari written by Ibn Hajr Asqalani. It is reported that it took Asqalani 25 years to finish his work.
 Thursday's Child is young adult novel by the Australian writer Sonya Hartnett published in 2000 by Penguin Books. Set during the 1930s Great Depression in Australia it features a young woman Harper Flute and her family who live in poverty. It won the annual Aurealis Award for best young-adult novel.Following its publication by Walker Books in the U.K. Hartnett won the 2002 Guardian Children's Fiction Prize a once-in-a-lifetime book award judged by a panel of British children's writers.
 Devil's Cub is a Georgian romance novel written by Georgette Heyer. It is the sequel to These Old Shades and is set in 1780. The book was published in 1932 and has not been out of print since. It is one of her most popular novels.
 The Ghost Brigades is the second book by John Scalzi set in the Old Man's War universe.
 A Pinch of Snuff is a crime novel by Reginald Hill the fifth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.
 The International Journal of Neuropsychopharmacology is the peer-reviewed official journal of the Collegium Internationale Neuro-Psychopharmacologicum (International College of Neuro-Psychopharmacology). It covers basic and clinical topics in neuropharmacology and psychopharmacology with a focus on original research.
 The Mystery at Devil's Paw is Volume 38 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by James Duncan Lawrence (who also authored the majority of the Tom Swift Jr. series) in 1959. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Tribes of Redwall Mice was published in 2003 as an accessory to the Redwall series by Brian Jacques. It was illustrated by Jonathan Walker.This booklet about mice in the Redwall series features trivia questions a giant poster and profiles of many of the mouse characters in the series including Martin the Warrior.
 First Love Sisters (初恋姉妹 Hatsukoi Shimai) is a Japanese manga originally conceived by Mako Komao with original art designs by Reine Hibiki and illustrated by Mizuo Shinonome which was first serialized in the now-defunct yuri josei manga magazine Yuri Shimai on June 28 2003 under the title Koi Shimai (恋姉妹). The manga was transferred to Comic Yuri Hime Yuri Shimai's successor published by Ichijinsha.
 Kristin Lavransdatter refers to a trilogy of historical novels written by Nobel laureate Sigrid Undset. The individual novels are Kransen (The Wreath) first published in 1920 Husfrue (The Wife) published in 1921 and Korset (The Cross) published in 1922. Kransen and Husfrue were translated from the original Norwegian as The Bridal Wreath and The Mistress of Husaby respectively in the first English translation by Charles Archer and J. S.
 Green Arrow: Year One is a 2007 Green Arrow limited series published by DC Comics. The series is written by Andy Diggle with art by Jock the acclaimed team behind The Losers.
 The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Massachusetts Medical Society and it is among the most prestigious in the world. It describes itself as the oldest continuously published medical journal in the world. The journal publishes editorials papers on original research review articles correspondence and case reports and has a special section called Images in Clinical Medicine.
 For other uses see Hero (disambiguation).Hero (2007) is a Lambda-winning first novel by openly gay film producer and novelist Perry Moore. The fantasy novel is about a teenage superhero Thom Creed who must deal with his ex-superhero father's disgrace his own sexuality and a murderer stalking the world's heroes.
 The Alexandria Quartet is a tetralogy of novels by British writer Lawrence Durrell published between 1957 and 1960. A critical and commercial success the first three books present three perspectives on a single set of events and characters in Alexandria (Egypt) before and during World War II.
 The Tidings is a weekly newspaper published by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles the largest Catholic archdiocese in the United States. The paper began publication in 1895 and is the oldest continuously published Catholic newspaper on the West Coast of the United States. It is also the oldest weekly newspaper in the Los Angeles market. It has a circulation of 80000. The Archdiocese reports that the paper reaches 230000 active adult readers every week.
 Ada or Ardor: A Family Chronicle is a novel by Vladimir Nabokov published in 1969.Ada began to materialize in 1959 when Nabokov was flirting with two projects The Texture of Time and Letters from Terra. In 1965 he began to see a link between the two ideas finally composing a unified novel from February 1966 to October 1968. The published cumulation would become his longest work. Ada was initially given a mixed reception.
 The Master of Petersburg is a 1994 novel by South African writer J. M. Coetzee. The novel is a work of fiction but features the Russian writer Fyodor Dostoyevsky as its protagonist. It is a deep complex work that draws on the life of Dostoyevsky the life of the author and the history of Russia to produce profoundly disturbing results.
 The Unconquerable World: Power Nonviolence and The Will of the People is a book by Jonathan Schell published in 2003.Schell starts by discussing the cultural embeddedness of men patriotism and death in battle (going back to the Athenian - Pericles). From this classic root political morality has held onto the need for 'standing up for principles with force' which in practice quickly descends to plunder exploitation and massacre.In the 5th century St.
 Georges Auguste Escoffier's Le Guide culinaire (French pronunciation: ​[lə ɡid kylinɛːʁ]) was Escoffier's attempt to codify and streamline the French restaurant food of the day.The first edition was printed in 1903 in French the second edition was published in 1907 the third in 1912 and the current fourth edition in 1921.An abridged English translation was published in 1907 as “A Guide to Modern Cookery” and an edition was published in 1957 with an introduction by Eugène Herbodeau.
 The American Journal of Bioethics (AJOB) is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal of bioethics published by Taylor and Francis. It publishes target articles peer commentary book reviews qualitative research literary criticism photography and graphic arts and comments on developments in law and medicine. The founding editor was Glenn McGee who resigned in 2012 after concerns regarding a possible conflict of interest with his new position in industry had been raised.
 The Legend of Deathwalker is a heroic fantasy novel written by British author David Gemmell it was first published in 1996 and was reprinted in 1999. The book follows on from the novel The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend and was the 7th book to be released in the Drenai Series. It is also one of three stories compiled into a single collection in Drenai Tales Volume Three along with Winter Warriors and Hero in the Shadows.
 Theodore Boone: The Accused is the third book in the series of Theodore Boone. It is written by John Grisham and is the third book that he has written for Young Adults (8-13 year olds). It went on sale on 15 May 2012. The book opens with the continuation of book two. The murder trial of Pete Duffy is about to begin and that is all anyone can talk about. Theo has permission from his teacher to be in court for the opening remarks and to report back to the class what happened.
 The Cave Boy of the Age of Stone is a classic heavily illustrated educational children's novel aimed at a juvenile audience or reader published in 1907 by author Margaret A. McIntyre and illustrated by Irma Deremeaux which is currently available in digital formats from multiple sources.
 Nursery Rhyme (katakana:ナーサリィ ライム Nāsaryi Raimu officially written as Nursery Rhyme -ナーサリィ☆ライム-) is a Japanese visual novel game developed and published by Lump of Sugar Nursery Rhyme is Lump of Sugar's first project before visual novels such as Itsuka Todoku Ano Sora ni and Tayutama: Kiss on my Deity were produced. The all-ages trial edition for the game was released on October 21 2005 and then the completed 18+ version game was released on 25 November 2005.
 Fantasia Mathematica is an anthology published in 1958 containing stories humor poems etc. all on mathematical topics compiled by Clifton Fadiman. A companion volume was published as The Mathematical Magpie (1962). The volume contains writing by authors including Robert Heinlein Aldous Huxley H. G. Wells and Martin Gardner.
 sport auto is a German automobile magazine established in 1969 published monthly by Motor Presse Stuttgart based in Stuttgart.The magazine publishes its Supertest of cars featuring the laptime (usually driven by the former editor-in-chief Horst von Saurma) at the Nordschleife. The magazine also runs a challenge for the fastest lap time driven with a car that is road legal (TÜV) and registered in Germany. The road legality rule also applies for the tires.
 Desert Magazine (1937–1985) was a monthly regional publication based in the Colorado Desert in the Coachella Valley town of Palm Desert near Palm Springs California.
 A Town Like Alice (United States title: The Legacy) is an economic development and romance novel by Nevil Shute published in 1950 when Shute had newly settled in Australia.
 The Person and the Challenges is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 2011. It is published by the Pontifical University of John Paul II in Cracow Faculty of Theology Section in Tarnów.
 Ogenki Clinic (お元気クリニック Ogenki Kurinikku) is a 1987 hentai manga series by Haruka Inui which was originally published in Play Comic. The manga was adapted into an anime OVA series. There was also a live-action version Welcome to Ogenki Clinic.
 Phoenix Home & Garden is a monthly magazine based in Phoenix. It is written for people who desire information on Southwest living and regional advice for growing desert plants.The magazine reports its paid circulation as 85352 as of September 2009 with monthly newsstand sales topping 11000.
 The Mexican is a 1911 short story by American author Jack London. It was filmed in 1952 as The Fighter starring Richard Conte and Lee J. Cobb.
 Black Dog is a debut novel by author Stephen Booth in the Cooper and Fry series of novels set in the Peak District. Black Dog won the 2001 Barry Award for the Best British Crime Novel
 Kaishain no Melody (かいしゃいんのメロディー Kaishain no Merodī) is a yonkoma Japanese manga series by Tsuyoshi Ōhashi which was serialized in Manga Club in Japan. The series won the 1998 Bungeishunjū Manga Award.
 Fractals is a peer-reviewed scientific journal devoted to explaining complex phenomena using fractal geometry and scaling. It is published by World Scientific and has explored diverse topics from turbulence and colloidal aggregation to stock markets.
 Chitose Get You!! (ちとせげっちゅ!! Chitose Gecchu!!) is a Japanese yonkoma manga series written and illustrated by Etsuya Mashima. A 26-episode anime television series by Silver Link aired between July 1 2012 and December 24 2012.
 The Yale Journal of Criticism was an academic journal published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which covered all humanities disciplines. It was named best new journal by the Conference of Editors of Learned Journals in 1989 and ceased publication in 2005.
 Limelight is an Australian monthly classical music and arts magazine based in Sydney. Founded in January 1976 the magazine was originally published under the name ABC Radio 24 Hours or simply 24 Hours and relaunched as Limelight in June 2003.
 Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane is an American comic book series focusing on a teenage Mary Jane the love interest of superhero Spider-Man.
 La Nouvelle Revue Française (NRF or The New French Review in English) is a literary magazine founded in 1909 by a group of intellectuals including André Gide Jacques Copeau and Jean Schlumberger. In 1911 Gaston Gallimard became editor of the revue which led to the founding of the publishing house Éditions Gallimard.Established writers such as Paul Bourget and Anatole France contributed to the magazine from its early days.
 Beyond the Golden Stair is a fantasy novel by Hannes Bok. It was first published as the short story The Blue Flamingo in the January 1948 issue of the magazine Startling Stories; later the story was extensively revised and expanded by the author into novel form. The novel version was first published in book form (posthumously) in paperback by Ballantine Books as the twenty-third volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in November 1970.
 Mycotaxon is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers on the nomenclature and taxonomy of the fungi including lichens.
 The Charterhouse of Parma (French: La Chartreuse de Parme) is a novel published in 1839 by Stendhal.
 This article is about the novel Icon. For the biography of Steve Jobs see iCon.Icon is a thriller novel by British author Frederick Forsyth. Its plot centres around the politics of the Russian Federation in 1999 with an extremist party close to seizing power. Published by Bantam Books in September 1997 (ISBN 978-0-553-57460-9) Icon became a New York Times Bestseller.
 Canadian Geographic is the bimonthly magazine of the Royal Canadian Geographical Society (RCGS). It was first published in May 1930 under the name Canadian Geographical Journal. The society's objective was to produce a popular magazine dealing primarily with Canadian geography.
 Bone Marrow Transplantation is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering transplantation of bone marrow in humans. It is published monthly by the Nature Publishing Group. The scope of the journal includes stem cell biology transplantation immunology translational research and clinical results of specific transplant protocols.
 AL DÍA News Media is a media company based in Philadelphia that challenges mainstream media stereotypes of the Latino experience in the United States.
 For Persian calligraphical style see Shikasta Nastaʿlīq.Re: Colonised Planet 5 Shikasta (often shortened to Shikasta) is a 1979 science fiction novel by British Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Doris Lessing and is the first book in her five-book Canopus in Argos series. It was first published in the United States in October 1979 by Alfred A. Knopf and in the United Kingdom in November 1979 by Jonathan Cape.
 The American Journal of the Medical Sciences is a peer-reviewed medical journal.
 The Book of Evidence is a 1989 novel by the Irish writer John Banville. The book is narrated by Freddie Montgomery a 38-year-old scientist who murders a servant girl during an attempt to steal a painting from a neighbour. Freddie is an aimless drifter and though he is a perceptive observer of himself and his surroundings he is largely amoral.Many of the characters in The Book of Evidence appear in the 1993 sequel Ghosts.
 The Ruminator Review originally the Hungry Mind Review was a quarterly book review magazine founded by David Unowsky and published in St. Paul Minnesota from 1986 to 2005. It included reviews of all genres as well as literary interviews focusing on work published by smaller presses. It was distributed freely through independent bookstores in the United States.
 Reference and User Services Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering library science. It is the official journal of the Reference and User Services Association and is published by the American Library Association. The journal was established as the Reference Quarterly in 1961 and obtained its current name in 1997.Reference and User Services Quarterly is available electronically via EBSCO Academic OneFile and WilsonWeb as well as on its own website.
 How to Start a Business in Taiwan (2013) is a book by Elias Ek a Swedish entrepreneur and writer. The book covers the main areas of information that a foreigner living in Taiwan who wants to set up a business or invest in a Taiwanese business needs to know. Launched during the 2013 Taipei International Book Exhibition (Jan 30-Feb 4 2013) the book was very well received by both customers and society.
 Trowel is an academic journal published by postgraduate students at the School of Archaeology University College Dublin Ireland.It was first published in 1988. The journal was redesigned and relaunched for Volume X 2005 after a five-year hiatus in publication. This involved a change from an A4 black and white format to an A5 full colour volume.
 The Two Republics was an English-language newspaper published in Mexico City from 1867 to 1900.
 Homebase is a novel written by Shawn Wong first published in 1979 by Bookpeople. It is currently published by the University of Washington Press in 2008 and was also published by Plume in 1991.Misty poetic and often sensual 'Homebase' is an evocative portrait of a young man caught between two cultures. said Charles Solomon in the Los Angeles Times.
 Strange Gateways is a collection of stories by author E. Hoffmann Price. It was released in 1967 by Arkham House in an edition of 2007 copies. It was the author's first hardcover collection.
 Evidence as to Man's Place in Nature is an 1863 book by Thomas Henry Huxley in which he gives evidence for the evolution of man and apes from a common ancestor. It was the first book devoted to the topic of human evolution and discussed much of the anatomical and other evidence. Backed by this evidence the book proposed to a wide readership that evolution applied as fully to man as to all other life.
 The Burnt Ones is a collection of eleven short stories by Australian writer Patrick White first published by Eyre and Spottiswoode in 1964. Penguin Books published it in 1968 with reprints in 1972 and 1974. Each story in the collection whose title refers to people burnt by society has a reference to burning actually and in metaphor.Seven of the stories are set in Australia and four are set in Greece or concern Greek migrants.
 And the Rain My Drink is a novel by female Eurasian writer Han Suyin. It is set against a backdrop of the Malayan Emergency of the late 1940s and 1950s. It describes the methods used by the British colonial authorities and the left-wing rebels and how individual lives were affected.The story takes place during the fifth and last year of the Emergency. By this point in time the MNLA (Malayan National Liberation Army) forces were decimated but the war was far from over.
 Telegraph and Texas Register (1835–1877) was the second permanent newspaper in Texas. Originally conceived as the Telegraph and Texas Planter the newspaper was renamed shortly before it began publication to reflect its new mission to be a faithful register of passing events.
 Ebony a monthly magazine for the African-American market was founded by John H. Johnson and has published continuously since the autumn of 1945. A digest-sized sister magazine Jet is also published by Johnson Publishing Company.
 The Lighthouse is a 2005 novel by P. D. James the thirteenth book in the classic Adam Dalgliesh mystery series.
 Watership Down is a classic adventure novel written by English author Richard Adams published by Rex Collings Ltd of London in 1972. Set in south-central England the story features a small group of rabbits. Although they live in their natural environment they are anthropomorphised possessing their own culture language (Lapine) proverbs poetry and mythology.
 Jihad vs. McWorld is the title of a 1992 article that was later adapted into a book by American political scientist Benjamin Barber in which he puts forth a theory that describes the struggle between McWorld (globalization and the corporate control of the political process) and Jihad (Arabic term for struggle here modified to mean tradition and traditional values in the form of extreme nationalism or religious orthodoxy and theocracy).
 The Swiss dimanche.ch (literally Sunday.ch) was a French-language weekly newspaper published on Sundays. Available in print and online it was published from 1999 to 2003 by Ringier Romandie in Lausanne. The first edition was published on 28 November 1999 the final on 22 June 2003.The newspaper competed with the Sunday edition of Le Matin.Its ISSN number was 1424-9928.
 The Justice League also called the Justice League of America or JLA is a fictional superhero team that appears in comic books published by DC Comics. First appearing in The Brave and the Bold #28 (February/March 1960) the Justice League originally featured Superman Batman Wonder Woman Flash Green Lantern Aquaman and the Martian Manhunter.
 Discoveries in Fantasy is an anthology of fantasy short stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in March 1972 as the forty-third volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series. It was the sixth such anthology assembled by Carter for the series.The book collects seven tales by four neglected fantasy authors Ernest Bramah Donald Corley Richard Garnett and Eden Phillpotts with an overall introduction and notes by Carter.
 Truly Madly Deeply... Memoirs of a Broken Heart's First Love! is a romance novel written by national award-winning author Faraaz Kazi. It was first published in 2010 by Cedar publishers. The book was republished again in October 2012 and went on to become a national award-winning title apart from becoming the first book by an Indian author to win the Goodreads Choice Award for Best Debut (Romance). It remains the only Indian book in the Top 100 YA Global Fiction list.[citation needed]
 Saiwai Qixia Zhuan is a wuxia novel by Liang Yusheng. It was first serialised between 18 August 1956 and 23 February 1957 in the Hong Kong newspaper Chou Mo Pao. The novel is closely related to another two of Liang's works Qijian Xia Tianshan and Baifa Monü Zhuan.
 The Life and Loves of a She-Devil is a 1983 novel by British feminist author Fay Weldon about a highly unattractive woman who goes to great lengths to take revenge on her husband and his attractive lover. The book Weldon insists is about envy rather than revenge.
 The Dot (ISBN 978-0-7636-1961-9) is a picture book written and illustrated by Peter H. Reynolds about a girl named Vashti who thinks she can't draw.
 Thorax is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal specialising in both clinical and experimental research articles on respiratory medicine as well as paediatrics immunology pharmacology pathology and surgery. It was established in 1946 and is published by the BMJ Group on behalf of the British Thoracic Society. The journal is available online by subscription and archived editions of the journal are available free of charge after 1 year.
 The Handy Shipping Guide is an online magazine that in its current format provides news and an information directory catering to the international freight and logistics industry.
 No Two Alike: Human Nature and Human Individuality is a book by psychology researcher Judith Rich Harris. It was published in February 2006. Harris attempts to explain why people are so different in personality even identical twins who grow up in the same home.No Two Alike expands on some of the ideas from her previous book The Nurture Assumption especially the effect of birth order on personality and criticism of developmental psychology.
 A.I. Revolution (A·Iレボリューション A. I Reboryuushon) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuu Asami.
 Spud is a 2005 novel by South African author actor playwright and producer John van de Ruit. A comedic sometimes sad yet straight forward novel that captures the humor of life in boarding school through the diary of John 'Spud' Milton. The book is written in the style of a diary. The story begins on the morning of Spud's first day at a private boarding school following his year and experiences with the often eccentric characters found in the school environment.
 Telesni čuvaj is a novel by Slovenian author Miha Mazzini. It was first published in 2000 and translated in English as Guarding Hanna.
 Conan and the Grim Grey God is a fantasy novel written by Sean A. Moore featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in November 1996; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in November 1997.
 The Canadian Young Scientist Journal (fr. Revue Canadienne des Jeunes Scientifiques) is a non-profit peer-reviewed publication covering highlight student-driven research and innovative work. It was established in May 2008 by its current editor-in-chief Alexandre Noukhovitch and is published by NRC Research Press. It provides secondary school students with an opportunity to publish the results of their research. The journal is based in Toronto and is published twice per year.
 Mind Fields is a book featuring paintings by the Polish artist Jacek Yerka and short stories by the American author Harlan Ellison. The 34 paintings by Yerka were created first. Ellison then wrote a short story based on his reaction to each of these paintings. The only exception was the story Under the Landscape which was based on two similar paintings.
 Svet kompjutera (World of Computers) (Started October 1984) is a computer magazine published in Serbia. It has the highest circulation in the country (e.g. in period from January till February 2002 circulation was 43000 copies). Svet kompjutera deals with subjects on home PC computers tablet computers smartphones (mobile phones) and video game consoles as well as their use for work and entertainment.
 Getting Away with Murder is a play written by Stephen Sondheim and George Furth. The action centers on seven well-to-do patients of an eminent psychiatrist meeting for their weekly group therapy session. During a fierce Manhattan thunderstorm the patients arrive and soon discover that their doctor has been killed.
 City Limits magazine was founded in 1981 in London by former staff members of the weekly London listings magazine Time Out after its owner Tony Elliott abandoned running Time Out on co-operative principles. City Limits was edited in its prime by jazz writer John Fordham and former Oz writer Nigel Fountain.
 The Journal of Cachexia Sarcopenia and Muscle is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research relevant to changes in body composition especially cachexia and sarcopenia as consequences of chronic illnesses or of the aging process respectively. It was established in 2010 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media in association with the Society on Sarcopenia Cachexia and Wasting Disorders. The journal is abstracted and indexed in PubMed PubMed Central and EMBASE.
 Batman Family was a DC Comics comic book series which ran from 1975 to 1978 primarily featuring stories starring supporting characters in the Batman comics. The term is often used to refer to the extended cast of characters of comics books associated with Batman.
 Business Today is an American non-profit student organization that seeks to bridge the communication gap between college students and business executives. The organization publishes a magazine and hosts an international conference by the same name.Business Today is headquartered in Princeton New Jersey and run by Princeton University undergraduates. Past Business Today alumni sit on the company's Board of Trustees to provide guidance.
 Betelguese a Trip Through Hell is a 1908 lyrical poem book written by Jean Louis De Esque. The publication includes a preface by the author with two poetic works When I am Gone and Betelguese. The latter poem has been called a classic work that utilized off-beat language considered to be a delight to the philologist.
 Armageddon or Armageddon: A Novel of Berlin is a novel by Leon Uris about post-World War II Berlin and Germany. The novel starts in London during WWII and goes through to the Four Power occupation of Berlin and the Soviet blockade by land of the city's western boroughs. The description of the Berlin Airlift is quite vivid as is the inter-action between people of the five nations involved as the three major Western Allies rub along with the Soviet occupiers of East Berlin and East Germany.
 Antioxidants & Redox Signaling is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering redox signaling and antioxidant research. Coverage includes: ROS/RNS as messengers gaseous signal transducers hypoxia and tissue oxygenation microRNA prokaryotic systems and lessons from plant biology
 Three Deaths (Tri smerti Три смерти) is a lyrical drama by Apollon Maykov part of his cycle of work dealing with the history of early Christianity. Its first version called The Choice of Death finished in 1851 couldn't be published due to problems with censorship and first appeared in print severely cut under the title Three Deaths in 1857 in the October (#10) issue of Biblioteka Dlya Chtenyia. The final version of it appeared in The Complete A.N.Maykov (1893).
 Misty Dawn: Portrait of a Muse is a 2008 photography book by Jock Sturges. The book consists of 100 duotone images of model Misty Dawn taken over a period of 25 years. Photos are arranged in chronological order starting from when she was 4 years old. Many images also feature other models posing with Dawn. Images range from fully clothed to full nudity. Most photographs were taken in Northern California and some were taken in Montalivet France.
 Hunting Evil: The Nazi War Criminals Who Escaped and the Quest to Bring Them to Justice is a non-fiction book by Guy Walters. After World War II the hunt was on for runaway Nazis. It is commonly believed that the operations ODESSA and Spider existed to help them escape but no such things existed according to the book. The book details Nazis that were put on trial and others that were not. The Jewish Chronicle reported on the author's belief that Simon Wiesenthal has contradictory claims.
 Parti Parikatha (Story of the Barren soil) is a Hindi novel written by Phanishwar Nath Renu. The story revolves around a motley group of characters in a remote village of North Eastern Bihar in the backdrop of Zamindari (landlordism) Abolition movement.
 Ten Thousand Roses: The Making of a Feminist Revolution is a book written by American immigrant journalist political activist and feminist Judy Rebick. The book is made up of the experiences of over 100 feminists in Canada from the 1960s through the 1990s.
 The Closed Circle is a 2004 novel by British author Jonathan Coe and is the sequel to his 2001 novel The Rotters' Club. We re-encounter the main characters from The Rotters' Club - Benjamin Trotter Doug Anderton and Philip Chase and also become better-acquainted with some of the more minor characters most notably Paul Trotter Benjamin's younger brother and Claire Newman an old school friend of the boys.
 The Pig Who Saved the World is the sequel to The Pig Scrolls both of which have been written by Paul Shipton. It is set in Ancient Greece and makes references to Greek mythology concerning their gods and heroes. It was first published in 2006.The main character Gryllus a talking pig has just finished saving the world from utter chaos when he decides he wants to become human once more.
 The Terrorist Hunters (published 2009) is a controversial non-fiction book by former senior police officer Andy Hayman co-written by Margaret Gilmore about Hayman's role as head of the Metropolitan Police's Specialist Operations Division. The British Attorney General Baroness Scotland QC sought and initially won a High Court injunction against the publication of the book. The book was reported to have sold 2500 pre-order copies before the injunction was issued.
 Doctor Dolittle's Circus written by Hugh Lofting and published in 1924 by Frederick A. Stokes is set in England sometime between the original story and the later voyages narrated by Stubbins.
 The Phantom of the Card Table is a manuscript published in 1931 by Eddie McGuire on the card skills and techniques of Walter Irving Scott aka 'The Phantom'.
 Arkiv för Matematik is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal of the Institut Mittag-Leffler of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. The journal was established in 1949 when Arkiv för matematik astronomi och fysik was split into separate journals and is currently published by Springer.The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.47 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.455.
 A Killing Frost is the sixth and final novel in the series created by R.D. Wingfield. It sees the slovenly disorganised Detective Inspector Frost once again put under pressure to solve multiple complex cases in a short period of time whilst attempting to avoid being sacked by his superior officers. Amongst his many enemies within the Denton Police is the newly transferred Detective Chief Inspector Skinner who will stop at nothing to get Frost out of the job.
 Tales of the Dervishes was first published in 1967. Together with The Exploits of Mulla Nasrudin published the year before it represented the first of several books of practical Sufi instructional materials to be released by Idries Shah.Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such Tales of the Dervishes can be read as part of a whole course of study.
 61 Hours is the fourteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published on 18 March 2010 both in the United Kingdom and in the USA.
 Maximum City: Bombay Lost and Found is a narrative nonfiction book by Suketu Mehta published in 2004 about the Indian city of Mumbai (formerly Bombay). It was published in hardcover by Random House's Alfred A. Knopf imprint. When released in paperback it was published by Vintage a subdivision of Random House.
 The Deutsche Zeitung Bessarabiens (English: German Newspaper of Bessaraiba) was a German language newspaper in Bessarabia (today: Ukraine) founded in 1919.
 The African Journal of Infectious Diseases covers research on the pathogenesis diagnosis epidemiology and treatment of infectious diseases the impact of infectious agents on the environment and related disciplines.
 Wāqwāq (Japanese: ワークワーク Hepburn: Wākuwāku) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ryu Fujisaki. It was serialized in Shueisha's magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from August 2004 to May 2005. The series individual chapters were collected into four tankōbon (collected volumes) and published from January to July 2005 by Shueisha. It was later licensed in Northern America by Viz Media for an English-language publication which was released from August 2009 to May 2010.
 Three-Bladed Doom is an El Borak short story by Robert E. Howard. It was not published within Howard's lifetime.There are two different versions of this story. The first is shorter (24000 words) than the second (42000) words. The short version was printed first in issue #4 of the magazine REH Lone Star Fictioneer (Spring 1976). The long version was printed the following year in the Zebra paperback Three-Bladed Doom (July 1977).
 Yume Yume*Yu Yu (ゆめゆめ☆ゆうゆう Yume Yume☆Yū Yū) is a Japanese shōjo manga and anime series created and drawn by Pink Hanamori. The manga is being published in the monthly shōjo manga anthology Nakayoshi. There are more than ten chapters published and most of them are compiled into volumes issued by Kodansha.
 Asian Affairs the journal of the Royal Society for Asian Affairs has been published continuously since 1914 (originally as the Journal of the Central Asian Society and from 1931 to 1969 as the Journal of the Royal Central Asian Society). It covers a range of social political and historical subjects linked to Asia. It also is a major source of book reviews. The Journal provides a forum at the interface between learned interest scholarship journalism and personal experience.
 The American Economic Journal is a group of four peer-reviewed academic journals published by the American Economic Association. The names of the individual journals consist of the prefix American Economic Journal with a descriptor of the field attached. The four field journals which started in 2009 are Applied Economics Economic Policy Macroeconomics and Microeconomics.
 In the Courts of the Conqueror: The 10 Worst Indian Law Cases Ever Decided is a 2010 legal non-fiction book by Walter R. Echo-Hawk a Justice of the Supreme Court of the Pawnee Nation an adjunct professor of law at the University of Tulsa College of Law and of counsel with Crowe & Dunlevy.
 Hunting Mister Heartbreak: A Discovery of America is a travelogue of Jonathan Raban's personal rediscovery of America following in the footsteps of European immigrants. It won the 1991 Thomas Cook Travel Book Award.
 Emma by Jane Austen is a novel about youthful hubris and the perils of misconstrued romance. The novel was first published in December 1815.
 Acta Radiologica is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of radiology including diagnostic and interventional radiology clinical radiology experimental investigations in animals and all other research related to imaging procedures. Acta Radiologica is published by Sage Publications in association with the Nordic Society of Medical Radiology a federation of societies of Medical Radiology in Denmark Finland Iceland Norway and Sweden.
 Six Thinking Hats is a book by Edward de Bono which describes a tool for group discussion and individual thinking involving six colored hats.
 Finding Darwin's God: A Scientist's Search for Common Ground Between God and Evolution is a 2000 book by the American cell biologist and Roman Catholic Kenneth R. Miller wherein he argues that evolution does not contradict religious faith. Miller argues that evolution occurred that the earth is not young that science must work based on methodological naturalism and that evolution cannot be construed as an effective argument for atheism.
 The End of the Matter (1977) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is fourth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.
 Psychosomatic Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published nine times per year by the American Psychosomatic Society. It covers experimental and clinical studies dealing with various aspects of the relationships among social psychological and behavioral factors and bodily processes in humans and animals. It was established in 1939.The journal is widely cited – the 2010 Impact Factor was 3.974 (11th among 71 psychology journals and 25th among 126 psychiatry journals).
 The Magical Moment is a TweetBook by Brazilian author Paulo Coelho. The book contains the core of the author's wisdom accumulated throughout all those years in Twitter. Illustrated by Joong Hwan Hwangm it is originally published in Korea. Lines of wisdom that fascinated followers around the world.
 Interplanetary Hunter is a 1956 collection of science fiction short stories by Arthur K. Barnes. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1956 in an edition of 4000 copies and later reissued in paperback by Ace Books in 1972. German editions appeared in 1957 and an Italian edition in 1981.
 Tetrahedron is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing full original research papers in the field of organic chemistry.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.803 and it is ranked 17th out of 55 journals in the Organic Chemistry category. Tetrahedron and Elsevier its publisher support an annual symposium.
 Native American Report is a news service (or newsletter) published in Silver Spring MD by CD Publications. It reports on activities of Congress the courts and federal agencies related to tribal interests.
 Rip It Up and Start Again: Postpunk 1978–1984 is a book by Simon Reynolds on the music genre post-punk. It was released in February 2006 and published by Faber & Faber.The US edition (Penguin Books) is considerably shorter with many chapters removed or shortened. Reynolds notes this was for space reasons.
 The Boat of a Million Years is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson first published in 1989 and nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel that same year. It was also nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel and the Prometheus Award in 1990.
 Sherlock Holmes is a four-act play written by William Gillette and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle based on Conan Doyle's character Sherlock Holmes.
 Ramba is an erotic comic whose protagonist is an Italian hitlady of the same name. The comics are a mixture of action adventure and adult situations. The comic follows the adventures of Ramba a mercenary assassin who carries out various murders for hire that drive the storyline and whose every move is accompanied by bisexual activity with strangers her employers and often with her victims.
 The Strain is a 2009 vampire horror novel by Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan. It is the first installment in The Strain Trilogy and was followed by The Fall (2010) and The Night Eternal (2011).Del Toro first envisioned the story line as a television series but was unable to find a buyer for the series. An agent then suggested turning the story into a series of books with writer Chuck Hogan. A television adaptation is in development and will be broadcast on FX.
 Violence Jack (バイオレンスジャック Baiorensu Jakku) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Go Nagai in 1973. It has had several serializations and one-shot stories which have run in the 1970s 1980s 1990s and 2000s. Most of the stories have been compiled in around 45 tankōbon while a few of them have been published as special tankōbon or have yet to be published in that format.A few of the sagas from the manga were adapted in three independent OVAs released in 1986 1988 and 1990.
 Op-Center or Tom Clancy's Op-Center (1995) is the first novel in Tom Clancy's Op-Center created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik. It was written by Jeff Rovin.
 The Whale Caller is a fifth novel written by South African writer Zakes Mda who is currently a professor at Ohio University It is a novel about a man in South Africa named Whale Caller. The Whale Caller first appears to be sexually attracted to whales; especially a whale he named Sharisha. As the story progresses he meets a woman named Saluni who falls deeply in love with the Whale Caller. Throughout the story the Whale Caller constantly has internal conflicts.
 The Ghost in the Machine is a non-fiction work in philosophical psychology written by Arthur Koestler and published in 1967. The title is a phrase coined by the Oxford philosopher Gilbert Ryle to describe the Cartesian dualist account of the mind–body relationship. Koestler shares with Ryle the view that the mind of a person is not an independent non-material entity temporarily inhabiting and governing the body.
 Swine Fever is an original novel written by Andrew Cartmel and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd.
 The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language (ISBN 0-521-43146-8) is a book that presents a comprehensive descriptive grammar of English. Its primary authors are Rodney Huddleston and Geoffrey K. Pullum. It was published by Cambridge University Press in 2002. A review in the journal Language and Literature quoted by the grammar's publisher says It will deservedly replace its [1985] predecessor A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language.
 The Journal of Environmental Assessment Policy and Management (JEAPM) is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed journal covering policy and decision-making relating to environmental assessment with the aim of exploring the horizontal interactions between assessment and aspects of environmental management ...
 World's End is a 1987 historical fiction novel by T. C. Boyle. The novel characterized by dark satire tells the story of several generations of families in the Hudson River Valley. It was the winner of the 1988 PEN/Faulkner Award for American Fiction.
 The Princess Diaries Volume II: Princess in the Spotlight released in the United Kingdom as Princess Diaries: Take Two is the second book in the series The Princess Diaries by Meg Cabot and was published in 2001. The book is not related to the film released with the title The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement where the heroine Mia is awaiting coronation but can only be queen if she marries within thirty days.
 The Cone is a short story by H. G. Wells first published in 1895 in Unicorn. It was included in The Country of the Blind and Other Stories a collection of short stories by Wells first published in 1911.The story is set at an ironworks in Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire. Wells lived in this area for a few months in 1888: in Basford near to Etruria where there were ironworks. The story includes evocative descriptions of the sights and sounds of the industrial landscape.
 The Atlas Coelestis is a star atlas published posthumously in 1729 based on observations made by the First Astronomer Royal John Flamsteed.The Atlas – the largest that ever had been published and the first comprehensive telescopic star catalogue and companion celestial atlas – contains 26 maps of the major constellations visible from Greenwich with drawings made in the Rococo style by James Thornhill. It also presents two planispheres designed by Abraham Sharp.
 The Last Cannoli published by Legas is a novel by American author Camille Cusumano. Inspired by Cusumano's experience as a descendant of Sicilian immigrants the book is an intimate and at times sorrowful look at a family caught between the glories of the old country (Sicily) and the promise of prosperity in America.
 Complete Divine is a supplemental rulebook for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons fantasy role-playing game published by Wizards of the Coast. It replaces and expands upon earlier rulebooks entitled Masters of the Wild and Defenders of the Faith as well as being a catchall for anything that doesn't fit into Complete Adventurer Complete Arcane Complete Warrior or Complete Psionic.
 The National Health is a play by Peter Nichols. Reminiscent of the Carry On film series this black comedy with tragic overtones focuses on the appalling conditions in an under-funded national health hospital which are contrasted comically with a Dr.
 The British Journal of Cardiac Nursing is a monthly nursing journal which publishes original research and clinical articles relevant to the practice of cardiac nursing.
 Du Chakay Duniya (Bengali: দু চাকায় দুনিয়া ) (Meaning :The World on Two Wheels in English) is a Bengali book written by the first Indian Globe -Trotter Bimal Mukherjee (1903–1987) based on his experiences of traveling through the world on a bicycle. In 1926 Bimal Mukherjee went on an epic world tour on a bicycle. Already before that he had completed touring India on his bicycle during the period 1921 - 1926.
 The Vicar of Nibbleswicke is a children's story written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake. It was first published in London in 1991 after Dahl's death by Century. The protagonist is a dyslexic vicar and the book was written to benefit the Dyslexia Institute in London (now Dyslexia Action) with Dahl and Blake donating their rights.
 The Washington Blade is a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) newspaper in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area. The Blade is the oldest LGBT newspaper in the United States and second largest by circulation behind Gay City News of New York City. The Blade is often referred to as America's gay newspaper of record because it chronicled LGBT news locally nationally and internationally.
 The Harvard International Review is a quarterly journal and website of international relations published by the Harvard International Relations Council at Harvard University. The 'HIR' offers commentary on global developments in politics economics business science technology and culture as well as interviews with prominent global leaders and reviews of books and documentaries.
 The Star is a weekly current affairs magazine published as a supplement to The Daily Star Bangladesh's largest circulated English newspaper. The magazine is increasingly seen to promote liberal progressive and secular values in the country keeping line with the ideals of the Bangladesh Liberation War.[citation needed] Aasha Mehreen Amin serves as editor of the magazine Ahmede Hussain is its Assistant Editor.
 Trail of Feathers is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author Tahir Shah.Shah was enthralled by a line from the chronicle of a sixteenth-century monk which said that the Incas ‘flew like birds’ over the jungle and by the recurring theme of flying in Peruvian folklore and in the book he set out to discover whether the Incas really did fly or glide above the jungles of Peru.
 Beetle in the Anthill (Russian: Жук в муравейнике pronounced [ʐuk v mʊrɐˈvʲejnʲɪkʲɪ]) is a 1979 sci-fi novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky set in the Noon Universe.Beetle in the Anthill is the title of a theory explaining the Stepchildren phenomenon. Another example of such a title in Strugatskys' books is the Roadside Picnic describing a possible origin of the Zones.
 The Colored American was a name used by two 19th-century weekly African-American newspapers: one that was published in New York City from 1836 to 1842 by Samuel Cornish Phillip Bell and Charles Bennett Ray and one that was published in Washington D.C. from 1893 to 1904. by Edward Elder Cooper.
 In Praise of Shadows (陰翳礼讃  In'ei Raisan) is an essay on Japanese aesthetics by the Japanese author and novelist Jun'ichirō Tanizaki. It was translated into English by the academic students of Japanese literature Thomas Harper and Edward Seidensticker.
 The Killing Zone is an unauthorised James Bond novel by Jim Hatfield. It was privately published in paperback in 1985 under the guise that it was officially sanctioned by Glidrose Publications (later Ian Fleming Publications) the company that held the rights to publish James Bond literary works. At the time the official author of the Bond series was John Gardner who wrote from 1981 to 1996.It was first published in the United Kingdom as A Charter Book but is no longer in print.
 Al Yamamah (The Dove in English) is a weekly Arabic magazine published in Saudi Arabia. The editor-in-chief of the magazine is Abdullah Al Jahlan. Al Yamamah along with Sayidaty and The Majalla is among popular magazines in Saudi Arabia.
 Monthly Comic Gene (月刊コミックジーン Gekkan Komikku Jiin) is a monthly Japanese manga magazine published by Media Factory since June 15 2011. It is marketed as a shōnen manga magazine for female readers. It was originally to be published in April 2011 but was delayed by two months as a result of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
 Foucault is a 1985 book by Brazilian critic and sociologist J. G. Merquior about French intellectual Michel Foucault. Foucault is part of the Fontana Modern Masters series.
 Wild 7 (ワイルド7 Wairudo Sebun) is a Japanese manga series by creator Mikiya Mochizuki that debuted on 1969 on Weekly Shōnen King where it ran until 1979.
 Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry is a 1976 novel by Mildred D. Taylor sequel to her 1975 novella Song of the Trees. The novel won the 1977 Newbery Medal. It is followed by two more sequels Let the Circle Be Unbroken (1981) The Road to Memphis (1990) and a prequel to the Logan family saga The Land (2001).This popular novel explores life in southern America The South during the Depression - when racism was still common and many were persecuted for the color of their skin.
 The Marriage of Sense and Soul: Integrating Science and Religion is a 1998 book by American author Ken Wilber. It reasons that by adopting contemplative (e.g. meditative) disciplines related to Spirit and commissioning them within a context of broad science that the spiritual subjective world of ancient wisdom could be joined with the objective empirical world of modern knowledge.
 Crow Lake is a 2002 first novel written by Canadian author Mary Lawson. It won the Books in Canada First Novel Award in the same year and won the McKitterick Prize in 2003. It is set in a small farming community in Northern Ontario the Crow Lake of the title and centres on the Morrison family (Kate the narrator her younger sister Bo and older brothers Matt and Luke) and the events following the death of their parents.
 The Burger and the Hot Dog is a Children's poetry book about food written by Jim Aylesworth and illustrated by Stephen Gammell.
 Lion of Ireland by the American-Irish author Morgan Llywelyn is a novel about the life of the Irish hero and High King Brian Boru. The story begins with Brian as a child of around 8 or 9 and it ends with him as an 88 year old man. The book shows his rise to power and his struggle to maintain it.
 First They Killed My Father: A Daughter of Cambodia Remembers is a 2000 nonfiction book written by Loung Ung a Cambodian author and survivor of the Pol Pot regime. It is a personal account of her experiences during the Khmer Rouge years.
 Strike Zone is a Star Trek: The Next Generation novel by Peter David.
 Philadelphia City Paper is a prize-winning alternative weekly newspaper that publishes fresh perspectives on local news arts music movies and food. The independently owned paper is free and publishes every Thursday in print and daily online at citypaper.net. Staff reporters focus on labor issues politics education and poverty. Critics review the city’s arts entertainment literary and restaurant scene.
 The Sibley Guide to Birds is a reference work and field guide for the birds found in the North American region as defined by the American Birding Association. It is written and illustrated by ornithologist David Allen Sibley. The book provides details on 810 species of birds with information about identification life history vocalizations and geographic distribution. It contains several paintings of each species and is critically acclaimed for including images of each bird in flight.
 Journal of Cardiovascular Pharmacology and Therapeutics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Pharmacology. The journal's editor is Robert A. Kloner MD PhD (University of Southern California). It has been in publication since 1996 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Green Rider (titled The Green Rider in some later printings) is the first novel written by Kristen Britain and is the first book in its series. It was nominated for the Crawford Award in 1999.
 Eko Eko Azarak (エコエコアザラク) is a Japanese manga by Shinichi Koga. This is also known as the Wizard of Darkness. The manga serves as the basis of live-action TV-series and live-action movies.
 Timeless Stories for Today and Tomorrow was an anthology of fantasy and horror stories edited by Ray Bradbury and published in 1952. Many of the stories had originally appeared in various magazines including The New Yorker Charm The Yale Review Cosmopolitan Woman's Home Companion Tomorrow The Saturday Evening Post Harper's Story Esquire The American Mercury The Reporter Today’s Woman and Kurt Wolff Verlag.
 Passasson is a weekly newspaper published in Laos. The newspaper was established on August 13 1950.
 The Literary Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1957. The quarterly magazine is published internationally by Fairleigh Dickinson University in Madison New Jersey. In addition to the publication of short stories poems and essays The Literary Review prides itself on publishing English translations of contemporary fiction from various countries around the world often dedicating an entire issue to a single language (e.g.
 The Journal of Visualized Experiments (styled JoVE) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes experimental methods in video format. It was established in December 2006. Moshe Pritsker is the CEO and co-founder. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Index Medicus and MEDLINE/PubMed.
 The Lioness is the second fantasy novel in The Age of Mortals series set in the Dragonlance Dungeons & Dragons world. It was written by Nancy Varian Berberick.
 Snowflake Bentley is a children's picture book written by Jacqueline Briggs Martin and illustrated by Mary Azarian. Published in 1998 the book is about Wilson Bentley the first known photographer of snowflakes. Azarian won the 1999 Caldecott Medal for her illustrations.
 The Redmond Spokesman is a weekly newspaper published in Redmond Oregon. The paper serves the city of Redmond and neighboring communities in northern Deschutes County focusing on local news and events. It has a circulation of about 4300. The Spokesman was founded in 1910 by Henry H. Palmer. Today the paper is owned by Western Communications a publishing company with newspaper holdings in Oregon and California.
 Black Easter is a Nebula Award-nominated fantasy novel by James Blish in which an arms dealer hires a black magician to unleash all the Demons of Hell on earth for a single day. It was first published in 1968. The sequel is The Day After Judgment. Together those two short novels form the third part of the thematic After Such Knowledge trilogy (title from T. S. Eliot's Gerontion After such knowledge what forgiveness?) with A Case of Conscience and Doctor Mirabilis.
 P.O.W. is a first person account of United States Army Special Forces Sergeant George Smith's two years as a prisoner of war. He traveled and lived with the Vietcong as their prisoner in a series of jungle camps and developed a detailed understanding of life in the National Liberation Front's safe areas and the people he called VC.
 Le Méchant (French: The Villain) is a 1747 play by Jean-Baptiste-Louis Gresset. It is considered the best verse comedy of the eighteenth-century French stage.Like Tartuffe (and Destouches's Ingrat and Médisant) the title character Сléon schemes to gain his provincial host's money and marry his female relatives - here Géronte's sister and niece rather than his daughter.
 Cuvânt moldovenesc (English: The Moldovan Word) was a Bessarabian newspaper.
 The Interior is the second novel in Lisa See's Red Princess series. The first is Flower Net and the third is Dragon Bones. In The Interior Chinese MPS inspector Liu Hulan and David Stark an American attorney who loves her and is the father of her unborn child try to find out whether Miaoshan the daughter of Hulan's old friend Suchee hanged herself or was murdered.
 Sports Illustrated: Exposure (ISBN 1-933405-85-6 Library of Congress Control Number 2006900231) is a collection of photographs taken by photographer Raphael Mazzucco in the summer of 2005. The photo shoot spanned nine days on a Caribbean island with eight Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue cover models. The 144-page book was published in 2006 several months after the release of the 2006 Swimsuit Issue. All the models that were featured on the cover were part of this book.
 Neurosurgery is a monthly peer reviewed medical journal of neurosurgery and the official journal of the Congress of Neurological Surgeons. It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The journal publishes original research reviews and editorials.
 The Lüdenscheider Nachrichten is a local daily newspaper for Lüdenscheid and the surrounding area in the southern part of the Märkischer Kreis North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.. It is the largest newspaper in Lüdenscheid. It is published every day except Sunday sometimes even on public holidays.
 Craig's Wife is a 1925 play written by American playwright George Kelly uncle of actress and later Princess of Monaco Grace Kelly. It won the 1926 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1925-1926. Harriet Craig was played by Chrystal Herne.There have been at least three movies based on the play. The 1928 silent version was directed by William C. deMille Cecil's brother and starred Irene Rich in the title role.
 Business Mirror is the second business newspaper in the Philippines that is published on a daily basis after BusinessWorld. It was founded in 2005 by T. Antonio Chua-Cabangon who is also its publisher and the owner of radio network Aliw Broadcasting Corporation. As of September 2011 Business Mirror has a daily circulation of 82600.
 Freud and Philosophy: An Essay on Interpretation (French: De l'interprétation. Essai sur Sigmund Freud) is a 1965 book about Sigmund Freud by philosopher Paul Ricœur.
 A Thread of Scarlet (also known as Satan and Cardinal Campbell) is a 1959 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Cardiac Cath Lab Director is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Cardiovascular Disease. The journal's editor is Linda Paxton BSN MBA (Mount Sinai Hospital and Medical Center). It has been in publication since 2011 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Stalin: A Biography is a biography of Joseph Stalin written by Robert Service. It was published in 2004 to wide acclaim.The book is a weighty and descriptive account of Stalin’s life covering in detail his youth rise to power and rule. It uses a personal style which ‘humanizes Stalin without ever diminishing the extent of the atrocities he unleashed upon the Soviet population.’
 Grit Guts and Gumption: Driving change in a state-owned giant is a book written by Rajesh Chakrabarti Professor of Finance at Indian School of Business Hyderabad. The book was published in November 2010 by Viking Press. The foreword of the book was written by Rajat Gupta former managing director of McKinsey & Company and co-founder of Indian School of Business.
 The Phoenix (German: Phönix aus Asche) (ISBN 0-385-50677-5) is a 2000 historical novel written by German author Henning Boëtius. Its central plot revolves around the 1937 Hindenburg Disaster.
 Metallica: This Monster Lives is a book written by Joe Berlinger and Greg Milner about how Berlinger filmed the feature-length movie Some Kind of Monster with the legendary heavy metal band Metallica.The book follows the emotional roller-coaster both he and his film partner Bruce Sinofsky and the band Metallica went through during the creation film. The book takes in the time from Berlinger and Sinofsky's first meeting with Metallica in 1999 to the 2003 Summer Sanitarium Tour.
 Generation Kill is a 2004 book written by Rolling Stone journalist Evan Wright chronicling his experience as an embedded reporter with the 1st Reconnaissance Battalion of the United States Marine Corps during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. His account of life with the Marines was originally published as a three-part series in Rolling Stone in the fall of 2003. The Killer Elite the first of these articles went on to win a National Magazine Award for Excellence in Reporting in 2004.
 Zoo is a book by Louis MacNeice. It was published by Michael Joseph in November 1938 and according to the publisher's list belongs in the category of belles lettres. It was one of four books by Louis MacNeice to appear in 1938 along with The Earth Compels I Crossed the Minch and Modern Poetry: A Personal Essay.Zoo is primarily a book about London Zoo.
 Search for Senna is the first book in the Everworld series written by K. A. Applegate. It is narrated by David Levin.
 The Rainbow Cubby House is the third book in the Learn to Include series written by an Australian primary school student and her lesbian mum (who could not find any readers featuring same-sex families to donate to her daughter's school).The series and this book in particular were at the centre of a controversy involving a day care centre using books that feature characters from same-sex parent families.
 Weekly Shōnen Magazine (Japanese: 週刊少年マガジン Hepburn: Shūkan Shōnen Magajin) also known as Shōnen Magazine is a shōnen manga magazine published by Kodansha first published on 17 March 1959. Despite some unusual censorship policies (until just recently it was one of the only shōnen magazines to forbid the depiction of female nipples) it's mainly read by an older audience with a large portion of its readership falling under the male high school or college student demographic.
 Never End is a crime novel by Swedish writer Åke Edwardson. It features his protagonist Inspector Erik Winter who bucks the trend for Swedish detectives being happily married a new father and supposedly the youngest Detective Inspector on the Swedish force. The novel was first published in Sweden in 2000 and was translated into English by Laurie Thompson in 2006.
 Scarth A.D. 2195 is an English language comic strip.The protagonist in this comic strip was injured deliberately to prevent her entering an intergalactic beauty competition. However despite the disfiguration she appeared with jewels over her scars and won the competition thwarting her enemies.
 Sports Illustrated Kids (SI Kids trademarked Sports Illustrated KIDS sometimes Sports Illustrated for Kids) is a monthly spin-off of the weekly U.S. sports magazine Sports Illustrated. SI Kids was launched in January 1989 and includes sports coverage with less vocabulary and emphasis on humor. The magazine's secondary purpose is to market sports to children.The first issue featured Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame member and former Chicago Bulls guard Michael Jordan on the cover.
 Mississippi Jack is the fifth book in the critically acclaimed Bloody Jack book series. The Boody Jack series begins with Bloody Jack Curse of the Blue Tattoo Under the Jolly Roger In the Belly of the Bloodhound and continues with My Bonny Light Horseman Rapture of the Deep and The Wake of the Lorelei Lee. It continues what happens after Jacky and her schoolmates return to Boston after being on a slave ship for months.
 Georges is a short novel by Alexandre Dumas père set on the island of Mauritius from 1810 to 1824. This novel is of particular interest to scholars because Dumas reused many of the ideas and plot devices later in The Count of Monte Cristo and because race and racism are at the center of this novel and this was a topic on which Dumas despite his part-African ancestry rarely wrote.Georges was first published in 1843.
 Pale Horse Coming (ISBN 0-684-86361-8) is a novel by Stephen Hunter published in 2001. It is his second book in the series featuring the character of Earl Swagger.
 Greatheart is a romance novel by the British writer Ethel M. Dell which was first published in 1912.
 The Clouds (Νεφέλαι / Nephelai) is a comedy written by the celebrated playwright Aristophanes lampooning intellectual fashions in classical Athens. It was originally produced at the City Dionysia in 423 BC and it was not well received coming last of the three plays competing at the festival that year. It was revised between 420-417 BC and thereafter it was circulated in manuscript form.
 The Coming of the King: The First Book of Merlin is a 1988 historical fantasy novel by Nikolai Tolstoy drawing upon Arthurian legend and more broadly Celtic and Germanic mythology. The novel is the first in a yet-unfinished trilogy.Tolstoy is also the author of the 1985 nonfiction The Quest for Merlin which explores the historical roots of Merlin.
 To Be A Slave is a 1968 nonfiction children's book by Julius Lester illustrated by Tom Feelings. It explores what it was like to be a slave. The book includes many personal accounts of former slaves accompanied by Lester's historical commentary and Feelings' powerful and muted paintings. To Be a Slave has been a touchstone in children's literature for over thirty years.
 Dream Boy is a 1995 novel by Jim Grimsley.
 Bright Ambush is a book of poems written by Audrey Wurdemann in 1934. In May 1935 Wurdemann won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry for the book. She was the youngest person to win the prize for poetry.
 The Rogue Crew is the 22nd book of the Redwall series by Brian Jacques released on May 3 2011. It is the final novel of the Redwall series due to Jacques' death on February 5 2011. A contest was run for US fans to name a character to feature in the book. It is not known which character was chosen.This summary was posted on Redwall.org the official site of Brian Jacques and the Redwall series:From Salamandastron's Western Shores to the High North Coast here they come.
 Heligoland is a novel by British author Shena Mackay first published in 2003 by Jonathan Cape.It was shortlisted for both Whitbread Prize and the Orange Prize for Fiction. The Guardian says of the book This is drawn so playfully and so compassionately - and with such consistently beautiful writing - that the experience is mysteriously comic and sweet.
 Diario de Morelia is part of the Grupo Diario de Morelia two newspapers in the city of Morelia in the state of Michoacán in México. Diario de Morelia morning newspaper with more than 65 years publishing and La Extra Afternoon newspaper with more than 45 years. Is printed in tabloid format and is based in Morelia.The Virtual Center Cervantes recognizes La Extra with one of the newspapers with digital edition.Portada del 2 de julio de 1974
 The Museum of Innocence (Turkish: Masumiyet Müzesi) is a novel by Orhan Pamuk Nobel-laureate Turkish novelist published on August 29 2008. The book is an account of love between a wealthy businessman Kemal and a poorer distant relation Füsun during the period 1975 to 1984 in Istanbul. Kemal’s engagement to a pretty girl Sibel is in two months time when he meets shop girl Füsun while buying a handbag for his fiancee.
 Daedalus's Children is a Star Trek: Enterprise novel which was released in May 2004.
 Girls' Love Stories was a romance comic book published by DC Comics in the United States. Started in 1949 as DC's first romance title it ran for 180 issues ending with the Nov-Dec 1973 issue. The stories covered such topics as girls worrying about getting a man or marrying out of pressure not love. Some of the early covers were photographs. The book's initial tagline was True to Life!Writers for the title included Bob Kanigher and George Kashdan.
 The Dark Abode is a collage presentation of South Asian feminist novelist Sarojini Sahoo's novel and American poet and painter Ed Baker's 23 sketches which deal with terrorism that people often face from micro- to macrosphere.
 International Social Work is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of social work. The journal is co-edited by Simon Hackett (Durham University) and Lena Dominelli (Durham University).
 The Dome: Ground Zero is a one-shot graphic novel published in 1998 under the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix. Written and laid out by Dave Gibbons and illustrated Angus McKie The Dome was notable for its innovative use of computer-rendered graphics to augment McKie's illustrations.
 Al-Jumhuriya (Arabic: الجمهورية The Republic) is a leading newspaper in the Republic of Yemen based in Taiz. The newspaper was founded in 1962 and is pro-government in its stance.
 Pale Gray for Guilt (1968) is the ninth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot revolves around McGee's investigation into the death of his close friend Tush Bannon who he suspects has been murdered because of his refusal to sell his waterfront property to developers. In terms of series continuity Pale Gray for Guilt is particularly important in that it involves a love interest Puss Killian who is central to the final book: The Lonely Silver Rain.
 I Hate You More than Anyone (世界でいちばん大嫌い Sekai de Ichiban Daikirai) is a Japanese shōjo manga written and illustrated by Banri Hidaka.
 Conservation Physiology is an online open access journal published on behalf of the Society for Experimental Biology by Oxford University Press. The first volume was published in 2013. The journal focuses on all taxa and physiology in the broadest sense with articles contributing to the knowledge of how organisms populations ecosystems and natural resources are affected by environmental change and stressors. The inaugural paper in the journal by Steven J.
 Avengers A.I. is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that was released in July 2013 as part of Marvel NOW!. The series takes place after the events of Age of Ultron where the world has been colonized by A.I.s who may or may not have positive feelings about the way humanity has been treating them for the past 100 years.
 Brief Lives is a collection of short biographies written by John Aubrey in the last decades of the seventeenth century. Aubrey initially began collecting biographical material to assist the Oxford scholar Anthony Wood who was working on his own collection of biographies.
 En route is a novel by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans first published in 1895. It is the second of Huysmans' books to feature the character Durtal a thinly disguised portrait of the author himself. Durtal had already appeared in Là-bas investigating Satanism. En route and the two subsequent two novels La cathédrale and L'oblat trace his conversion to Catholicism an experience which reflects the author's own. As Huysmans explained:The plot of the novel is as simple as it could be.
 The Planet of Doubt is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum that was first published in the October 1935 issue of Astounding Stories. It is Weinbaum's third story featuring Hamilton Hammond and Patricia Burlingame a sequel to Parasite Planet and The Lotus Eaters.
 Claire Voyant was an American syndicated comic strip created by cartoonist Jack Sparling. The strip premiered on May 10 1943 in the New York newspaper PM and continued until 1948.
 ZYN! was a German Satire-Magazine which was published on the internet only.The magazine called itself ZYN! - The Only German Satire Magazine. The magazine's editorial office was located in the German media city Cologne.The ZYN!-Magazine was founded in 1992 by Arno Schürhoff (Snorr) and Markus Klein (Sammy) as literary follower of various once in the mailbox scene popular literary and satire magazines.
 Childhood subtitled A journal of global child research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal publishing research in the field of childhood studies. It was established in 1993 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Norwegian Centre for Child Research. The journal's editors-in-chief are Leena Alanen (University of Jyvaskyla) Daniel Thomas Cook (Rutgers University) Virginia Morrow (University of Oxford) and Olga Nieuwenhuys (University of Amsterdam).
 A Maverick Heart Between Love And Life is a 2013 novel written by Ravindra Shukla. Ravindra Shukla is a graduate of IIT-Bombay.
 EnlightenNext (formerly known as What Is Enlightenment? or WIE for short) was an international magazine devoted to philosophy culture and the growing integral movement published quarterly by EnlightenNext a nonprofit organization.
 Shina Dark: Kuroki Tsuki no Ō to Sōheki no Himegimi (シャイナ・ダルク 〜黒き月の王と蒼碧の月の姫君〜 Shaina Daruku lit. Shina Dark ~King of Dark Moon and Blue Moon's Princess~) is a Japanese fantasy and comedy manga series written by Bunjūrō Nakayama and drawn by Yukari Higa.
 The Graveyard Book is a children's fantasy novel by the English author Neil Gaiman simultaneously published in Britain and America during 2008. It is set primarily in a graveyard where the boy Nobody Owens is adopted and raised by the occupants after his family is murdered.Gaiman won both the British Carnegie Medal and the American Newbery Medal recognizing year's best children's books the first time both named the same work.
 Rarotonga was a Mexican comic book series in the Lágrimas Risas y Amor comics published by EDAR that appeared between the 1950s–1970's. The main character of the comic series was Rarotonga a jungle queen of an island of the same name who occupied her days dancing and romancing travelers.
 Comptiq (コンプティーク Konputīku) is a Japanese computer game magazine first published in 1983 by Kadokawa Shoten. The name Comptiq came from combining the words computer and boutique. Originally a PC magazine its focus shifted from computers to computer games. As of September 2003 it has been known as a MediaMix Game Magazine.
 Stiffed: The Betrayal of the American Man is a 1999 book by feminist author Susan Faludi her followup to Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women.
 Book of Sketches is a collection of spotaneous prose poetry by the American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac published posthumously in 2006. The poems written in 1952 and 1953 in a notebook carried in his breast pocket describe Kerouac's travels through the U.S. states of New York North Carolina and Kansas and the cities of San Francisco California Denver Colorado Mexico City Mexico and his birthplace of Lowell Massachusetts.
 Defeat into Victory is an account of the retaking of Burma by Allied forces during the Second World War by the British Field Marshal William Slim and published in the UK by Cassell in 1956. It was published in the United States as Defeat into Victory: Battling Japan in Burma and India 1942-1945 by David McKay of New York in 1961. Slim was the commander of the British 14th Army which in concert with American and Chinese forces defeated the Imperial Japanese Army during the Burma Campaign.
 Millennium Snow (千年の雪 Sennen no Yuki) also known as A Thousand Years of Snow is Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Bisco Hatori. It was originally serialized in Hakusensha's LaLa magazine from July 2001 to May 2002 and later resumed in the January 2013 issue of LaLa DX and ended in the December 2013 issue. The story focuses on a sickly teenage girl and a vampire who just might save her life.
 All Quiet on the Orient Express is the second novel by Booker shortlisted author Magnus Mills published in 1999. As with his first novel it is a tragi-comedy with an unnamed narrator dealing with apparently simple but increasingly sinister situations.
 Cucciolo is the title character of an Italian long-lasting comic book series.
 Miasto bez imienia is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1969.
 The Followers is the second of the Special Edition copies in Jude Watson's Jedi Apprentice series. It was released on April 1 2002. Its story revolves around Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn as Jedi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 The Pillowman is a 2003 play by Irish playwright Martin McDonagh. It received its first public reading in an early version at the Finborough Theatre London in 1995. It tells the tale of Katurian a fiction writer living in a police state who is interrogated about the gruesome content of his short stories and their similarities to a number of bizarre child murders occurring in his town.
 The Unknown Ajax is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer. The story is set in 1817.
 Teaching Public Administration is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of education as relating to public administration. The editors-in-chief are John Diamond (Edge Hill University) and Catherine Farrell (University of Glamorgan). It was established in 1977 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Stanford Daily is the student-run independent daily newspaper serving Stanford University. The Daily is distributed throughout campus and the surrounding community of Palo Alto California United States. It has published since the University was founded in 1892.The paper publishes weekdays during the academic year.
 Honi Soit is the student newspaper of the University of Sydney. First published in 1929 the paper is produced by an elected editorial team and a select group of reporters sourced from the University's undergraduate populace. The name is an abbreviation of the Anglo-Norman Honi soit qui mal y pense (Shame upon him who thinks evil of it).
 Jatakalankara is a brief Sanskrit treatise comprising one hundred twenty-five slokas or verses on the predictive part of Hindu astrology written in the classic Sloka format in the Srgdhara meter. It was written by Poet Ganesa son of Gopal Das (who was the second son of Kanhaji and who was himself an accompalished poet dramatist artist and mathematician) in the year 1613 A.D. and describes many yoga-formations that have immediate bearing on various aspects of human life.
 The Wise Princess” is a British literary fairy tale about a princess who knows everything except for true happiness. The tale was written in the second half of the nineteenth century by Mary de Morgan (1850-1907) a children’s writer with a feminist flare. The tale first appeared in “The Tale of Princess Fiorimonde and Other Stories” along with six other tales published by Macmillian and Co. in 1886.
 The Portuguese Tribune also known as Tribuna Portuguesa is a Portuguese bilingual newspaper headquartered in Modesto California. It was founded in July 1979 by John P. Brum in San Jose CA. It is currently owned by The Tagus Group and its publisher and editor is José Ávila.
 IDS Executive Compensation Review (ECR) is journal which has been reporting on all aspects of pay and practice for managers and professionals since 1981. ECR provides guidance on market trends for specific job functions new ideas in reward strategy and the latest benchmarking data for those higher up the managerial ladder.
 Triple Take was a comic strip by Todd Clark and Scott Nickel that featured three separate punch lines in each daily installment. The strip was syndicated by King Features Syndicate and ran from April 4 2005 to August 26 2007. Clark provided the majority of the writing with Nickel drawing the strip and contributing gags.
 Through a Glass Darkly is a 1986 historical fiction novel by American author Karleen Koen. A former magazine editor Koen had never before written a novel and spent four years developing it while living as a housewife with her family. She sold the hardcover rights to Random House for $350000 which was then a record for a new novelist.
 The Happy Isles of Oceania is a travel book written by writer Paul Theroux and published in 1992. It is an account of a trip taken through the Pacific Islands shortly after the break-up of his first marriage. Starting in New Zealand he travels to Papua New Guinea and then follows the clusters of islands throughout the Pacific Ocean passing through Easter Island and finishing his trip in Hawaii.
 The Aesthetic Dimension: Toward a Critique of Marxist Aesthetics (German: Die Permanenz der Kunst: Wider eine bestimmte Marxistische Ästhetik) is a 1977 book about aesthetics by philosopher Herbert Marcuse. It explicates Marcuse's account of modern art's political implications and relationship with society at large.It is the final major work by Marcuse best known as a founding member of the Frankfurt School.
 The Pretender: Rebirth is the first novel based on the cult television show The Pretender which ran on NBC from 1996-2000. Following the series' cancellation TNT produced two television movies The Pretender 2001 and The Pretender: Island of the Haunted. The book is the first of an intended new series. It is written by series creators Steven Long Mitchell and Craig W.
 Settling Accounts: In at the Death is the last novel of the Settling Accounts tetralogy that presents an alternate history of World War II that was released July 27 2007. It brings to a conclusion the multi-series compilation by author Harry Turtledove a series sometimes referred to as Southern Victory Series. It takes the Southern Victory Series Earth from 1943 to 1944.
 Merkuriusz Polski Ordynaryjny (in the original 17th-century Polish spelling Merkuryusz Polski Ordynaryiny; full title: Merkuriusz Polski dzieje wszystkiego świata w sobie zamykający dla informacji pospolitej; The Polish Mercury Ordinary) was the first Polish newspaper published in 1661 first in Kraków then in Warsaw.Though short-lived it gave name to several later newspapers notably the Merkuriusz Polski published in London 1955–58.
 The Devil's Star (Norwegian: Marekors literally The Nightmare Cross 2003) is a crime novel by Norwegian writer Jo Nesbø the fifth in the Harry Hole series. An English-translated version of the book named The Devil's Star was translated by Don Bartlett.
 Rituals: Rhapsody of Blood is a 2012 fantasy novel by Roz Kaveney released by Plus One Press. The book is the first entry in a four part series with the second entry expected to release in 2013. Of the novel Kaveney stated that the book was my way of exploring how it would be not to make all the compromises I actually made in the 90s.
 Survival of the Sickest: The Surprising Connections Between Disease and Longevity is a 2007 New York Times Bestselling popular science book by Sharon Moalem an evolutionary biologist and neurogeneticist and Jonathan Prince senior advisor and speechwriter for the Clinton administration. It was originally titled Survival of the Sickest: A Medical Maverick Discovers Why We Need Disease.
 The Man-Eater is a short adventure novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs written in May 1915 originally as a movie treatment. His working title for the piece was Ben King of Beasts. The Man-Eater is one of Burrough's rarer works. It was first published as a serial in the New York Evening World newspaper under the present title from November 15–20 1915 but did not appear in book form in Burroughs' lifetime.
 Kings of the High Frontier is a hard science fiction novel by Victor Koman first published (electronically) in 1996.
 The Sligo Champion is a weekly regional newspaper published every Wednesday in Sligo Ireland. It is considered one of Ireland's leading regional newspapers.The Sligo Champion was founded in 1836. The first edition was published on 4 June 1836. The newspaper contains local news about County Sligo and surrounding counties including neighbouring parts of Counties Leitrim and Roscommon.It was bought by Independent News & Media in 2008.
 Servant of the Dragon (1999) is a fantasy novel in the series Lord of the Isles by author David Drake.
 Scarpetta is a novel by Patricia Cornwell. It was published in 2008 by G. P. Putnam's Sons. The book is a continuation of Cornwell's popular Kay Scarpetta series.
 The Republic of the Future: or Socialism a Reality is a novella by the American writer Anna Bowman Dodd first published in 1887. The book is a dystopia written in response to the utopian literature that was a dramatic and noteworthy feature of the second half of the nineteenth century.
 Zagłada Żydów. Studia i Materiały/Holocaust Studies and Materials is an academic yearbook created in the circle of scholars and researchers from the Polish Center for Holocaust research. It is an annual entirely devoted to the topics connected with the broadly understood Holocaust research. Journal addressed not only to academic scholars dealing with the Holocaust research but also to college and university students as well as wider audience interested in this topic.
 Evolution: A Theory in Crisis is a 1985 book by Michael Denton arguing that the scientific theory of evolution by natural selection is a theory in crisis. Reviews by scientists say that the book distorts and misrepresents evolutionary theory and contains numerous errors.
 The Complete Book of Villains is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Outside Providence (1988) is an English language novel by American writer producer and director Peter Farrelly.
 The Journal of Postcolonial Writing (from 1973-2004 titled: World Literature Written in English) is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing work that examines the interface between the economic forces commodifying culture and postcolonial writing of the modern era. The journal also includes interviews and biographies of postcolonial academics and authors short prose fiction poetry and book reviews.
 Eclipse is Dalton Trumbo's first novel published in 1935. The novel is about a town and its people written in the social realist style. The town which Trumbo calls Shale City was modeled on Grand Junction Colorado where Trumbo lived from 1908 until he left for the University of Colorado in 1924.
 Burned is a young adult novel written by American author Ellen Hopkins and published in April 2006. Like all of Ellen Hopkin's works the novel is unusual for its free verse format.
 Curious George Learns the Alphabet is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1963. It is the sixth book in the original Curious George series.
 The Malaya (also known as Malaya Business Insight) is a broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines headquartered at Port Area Manila and owned by People's Independent Media Inc. The newspaper is known for being one of the publications that fought against the presidency of Ferdinand Marcos.
 Highlands Today is a newspaper published in Sebring Florida. It is associated with The Tampa Tribune; Copies of the Tribune distributed in Highlands County Florida include the supplement which focuses on issues relevant to Sebring Avon Park Lake Placid and other communities within the county.
 Gigantic is an American literary journal that publishes fiction art and interviews. In particular it focuses on short prose or flash fiction. Print issues also have included a special poetry section entitled The Seizure State curated by celebrated American poet Joe Wenderoth. It publishes original work online at its website and once a year in a print format. Gigantic was founded in 2008 by four writers living in New York City.
 Campaign is a coffee table book by Shia LaBeouf and Karolyn Pho which is attached to the project that accompanies Marilyn Manson's eighth album Born Villain. It was released on August 28 2011 by LaBeouf's Grassy Slope Entertainment production company through various retailers.The book accompanied by a short film DVD is a visual accompaniment to Marilyn Manson and LaBeouf's Born Villain joint project.
 Five Red Herrings (also The Five Red Herrings) is a 1931 novel by Dorothy L. Sayers.
 An Early Martyr and Other Poems was published by the American poet William Carlos Williams in 1935. It was originally published in New York by The Alcestis Press.The collection includes poems such as An Early Martyr (for which the entire book is named) Flowers By The Sea Proletarian Portrait and the often anthologized The Yachts. It also serves as a companion piece for another collection of Williams' poetry Adam & Eve & The City published a year later in 1936.
 Asiamoney is a financial publication established in 1989. It is a division of global media group Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC itself majority owned by the London-based Daily Mail and General Trust Group.Asiamoney reports and offers analysis on the financial and investment markets for capital issuers borrowers institutional investors and senior corporate and government monetary decision makers with business interests in Asia Pacific.
 The Jacksonville Journal is a now-defunct afternoon newspaper in the Jacksonville Florida area. It began publication as the Metropolis in 1887. Renamed The Florida Metropolis in the early 1900s it was renamed the Jacksonville Journal in 1922 upon its purchase by John H. Perry. The Journal's new owner was known for his focus on the community and boosterism. He once proposed that the city change its name to 'Jackson' because the suffix '-ville' was belitting to a growing metropolis.
 The New York Law Journal founded in 1888 is a legal periodical covering the legal profession in New York United States. The newspaper covers legal news decisions court calendars and legislation and provides analysis and insight in columns written by leading professionals.
 5 Ronin is a five issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics starring superheroes Wolverine Psylocke the Punisher Hulk and Deadpool reimagined as rōnin masterless samurai set in seventeenth century Japan. The series is written by Peter Milligan and features a rotating cast of artists. The first issue was released on March 2 2011.
 Die Anarchisten: Kulturgemälde aus dem Ende des XIX Jahrhunderts (The Anarchists: A Picture of Civilization at the Close of the Nineteenth Century) is a book by anarchist writer John Henry Mackay published in German and English in 1891. It is the best known and most widely read of Mackay's works and made him famous overnight. Mackay made it clear in the book's subtitle that it was not intended as a novel and complained when it was criticised as such declaring it instead propaganda.
 The Canadian Journal of Physiology and Pharmacology (fr. Revue canadienne de physiologie et pharmacologie) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by NRC Research Press (Ottawa Ontario Canada). It is in part a continuation of the Canadian Journal of Biochemistry and Physiology.[citation needed] While the vast majority of its papers are in English the Journal also publishes in French.
 The Barbed Coil is a fantasy novel by J. V. Jones published in 1997.
 The Outward Urge is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham (although it might arguably be regarded as a collection of linked short stories). It was originally published with four chapters in 1959. A fifth chapter was included in later versions which was originally published in 1961 as a separate short story The Emptiness of Space.The novel's stated authorship has a peculiar history.
 Ushio and Tora (Japanese: うしおととら Hepburn: Ushio to Tora) is a yōkai manga by Kazuhiro Fujita. It was adapted into three OVA series: one with six episodes released from September 11 1992 to February 1 1993; one with four episodes released from June 11 1993 to August 1 1993; and one single episode OVA released on October 1 1993. The anime was released in the United States by ADV Films.
 People of the Sea dramatizes the initial development of the California Native American culture and the imminent extinction of mammoths and mastodons as a result of climatic warming circa 8000 bc. It is the fifth book in The First North Americans series. (for Mediterranean seafaring raiders see Sea Peoples).
 The Coyote Chronicle is the student newspaper at California State University San Bernardino (CSUSB). When classes are in session it publishes every Monday throughout the school year. The current executive editor is Richard Bowie.
 Theodore Boone: The Abduction written by John Grisham is the second book in the Theodore Boone series. It is written for 8-13 year-olds.
 Written in Blood is a crime novel by English author Caroline Graham the fourth book in her popular Chief Inspector Barnaby series which has been adapted into the equally successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders.
 The Wild Girls is a children's novel written by Pat Murphy. It won the Christopher Award as well as the children's category of the 2008 Northern California Independent Booksellers Association Book of the Year Awards.
 The Haunted Tower is book 11 in the Usborne Puzzle Adventure series of children's books. It is a ghostly tale of mystery and suspense which takes Charlie Nic and Ali to Spectre's Isle and a spooky tower. There their search for a legendary ghost leads them into a perilous plot and a quest for phantom treasure.
 The Population Bomb is a best-selling book written by Stanford University Professor Paul R. Ehrlich and his wife Anne Ehrlich (who was uncredited) in 1968. It warned of the mass starvation of humans in the 1970s and 1980s due to overpopulation as well as other major societal upheavals and advocated immediate action to limit population growth. Fears of a population explosion were widespread in the 1950s and 60s but the book and its author brought the idea to an even wider audience.
 Death Is a Lonely Business is a mystery novel by Ray Bradbury published in 1985.The story set in 1949 is about a series of murders that happen in Venice California then a declining seaside community in Los Angeles where Bradbury lived from 1942 to 1950. The main character and narrator (who never mentions his name) is a sensitive modest writer with a girlfriend studying in Mexico City.
 Shattered Peace is one in a series of OEL manga in the novel series Warriors. The book was published by Tokyopop and released on November 24 2009. It follows the story of two cats who are thrown out of their home by a group of hostile cats. It is drawn by James Barry.
 Crown of Horns is the ninth and final book in the Bone series. It collects issues 52-59 of Jeff Smith's self-published Bone comic book series. The book was published by Cartoon Books in 2004. The color version was published by Scholastic Press and released on January 21 2009.
 Diva (1979) by Daniel Odier (writing under the pseudonym Delacorta) is a crime novel set in Paris. It was adapted into a major motion picture of the same name.
 Spike: Old Times is a comic based on the Angel television series.
 Paper Shadows: A Chinatown Childhood is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer Wayson Choy first published in October 1999 by Viking Press. In the book the author chronicles his experience growing up as an immigrant in Vancouver's Chinatown in the 1940s and 1950s.
 The Fifth Mountain (Portuguese: O Monte Cinco) by Paulo Coelho was published in 1996 and was his fourth major publication.The story is based on the story of Elijah from the Hebrew Bible (1 Kings chapters 17-19). The focus is on Elijah's time in Zarephath (in this book named Akbar).
 Crayon Shin-chan (クレヨンしんちゃん Kureyon Shin-chan) (also known as Shin Chan in some countries) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshito Usui. It follows the adventures of the five-year-old Shinnosuke Shin Nohara and his parents baby sister dog neighbours and friends and is set in Kasukabe Saitama Prefecture. An anime adaptation of the series began airing on TV Asahi in 1992 and continues to this day.
 The Bridge (Die Brücke) is a short story by Franz Kafka. It was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin 1931). The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections (New York: Schocken Books 1946).The story is told from the first person point of view. In the tale the bridge discusses how above the ravine it grasps onto each end.
 Cat Among the Pigeons is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 November 1959 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in March 1960 with a copyright date of 1959. The UK edition retailed at twelve shillings and sixpence (12/6) and the US edition at US$2.95.It features Christie's Belgian detective Hercule Poirot who makes a very late appearance in the final third of the novel.
 NTV Tarih (English: NTV History) was a weekly Turkish history magazine owned by Doğuş Media Group. It was established in February 2009. It was closed down in mid-2013 by its owners in response to the magazine's coverage of the 2013 protests in Turkey with Doğuş refusing to distribute the final edition. The magazine's staff published the edition online and sought to continue the magazine independently.
 Chūōkōron (中央公論 Central Review) is a monthly Japanese literary magazine (sōgō-zasshi (総合雑誌 literally general magazine)) first established during the Meiji period and continuing to this day. It is published by Chūōkōron Shinsha. The magazine was first published in January 1887 under the title Hanseikai Zasshi (反省会雑誌) in Kyoto by the Hanseikai (反省会 Review society) a literary group of professors and students of Ryukoku University.
 The Journal of Accounting Auditing & Finance is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of accounting. Its editor-in-chief is Bala K. R. Balachandran (New York University). It was established in 1986 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Newark Targum is a weekly student newspaper published by the TargumPublishing Company for the student population of the Newark campus of Rutgers University. It is a weekly paper with a circulation of 5000 copies printed each Wednesday during the academic year.
 PC Player was a short lived PC videogaming magazine published in the UK by Maverick Magazines. Launched in December 1993 with John Davison as editor PC Player devoted the majority of its pages covering simulation adventure and strategy games and often featured games over six page spreads. Reviews featured a five star rating system and an independent expert from other magazines gave additional comments on the bigger reviews.
 Khayaban: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the Language Sciences (alt. Khiyābān) is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal of linguistics and literature published in Urdu by the Institute of Urdu and Persian Language and Literature at the University of Peshawar.
 Secrets of the Morning is a novel written by V. C. Andrews in 1991. It is the second novel in the Cutler series.
 Irish Birds is the annual journal of BirdWatch Ireland. Its first issue was published in 1977 superseding the Irish Bird Report which had been published from 1953 (number 1) to 1975 (number 23). Irish Birds publishes papers and notes on all aspects of birds in Ireland as well as incorporating the annual Irish Bird Report and Irish Ringing Report.The founding editor of Irish Birds was Clive Hutchinson (1977-1984).
 The City of Pleasure Arabic: مدينة اللذة‎ is Ezzat el Kamhawi's first Novel and Second book after It Happened in the land of Dust and Mud (stories) it was first released by the General Organization for Cultural Centers in 1997 Second Edition by el-Ain publishing in 2009.
 Maramar Deuta is a novel written in Assamese by renowned Assamese literature and film director Dr.Bhabendra Nath Saikia. It was first published serially in several episodes in children's magazine Xophura also edited by then Dr.Bhabendra Nath Saikia. Although Bhabendra Nath Saikia said that the novel was meant for especially teenagers it is still popular among all age group of readers. The novel was later translated into English by National Book Trust .
 Kangaroo Notebook (カンガルー・ノート Kangarū Nōto) (published 1991) is a novel written by the Japanese writer Kōbō Abe between ca. 1973 - 1977.
 Strangers on a Train is a play written by Craig Warner and is based on the 1950 the novel of the same name by Patricia Highsmith. The show made its West End and world premiere at the Gielgud Theatre on 19 November 2013 following previews from 2 November.
 Please see The Courier (disambiguation) for other uses of the term.The Courier was until recently the oldest game magazine in existence. Started in 1968 by war-gaming enthusiasts Dick Bryant and Bob Beattie as a newsletter of the New England Wargamers Association The Courier underwent a glossy reboot starting in 1979.
 Komikku Shōwa-shi (コミック昭和史 lit. A Comics History of the Showa Era) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shigeru Mizuki. Komikku Shōwa-shi received the 1989 Kodansha Manga Award for the general category.
 Confessions Illustrated was a black-and-white magazine published by EC Comics in early 1956. Part of EC's Picto-Fiction line each magazine featured three to five stories. The format alternated blocks of text with several illustrations per page.The first issue had a cover date of January–February 1956 but the second issue was the last. A third issue existed but was not printed by EC.
 The Great Hunt (abbreviated as tGH by fans) is the second book of The Wheel of Time fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan. It was published by Tor Books and released on November 15 1990. The Great Hunt consists of a prologue and 50 chapters. In 2004 The Great Hunt was re-released as two separate books The Hunt Begins and New Threads in the Pattern.
 Psychological Bulletin is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes evaluative and integrative research reviews and interpretations of issues in psychology including both qualitative (narrative) and/or quantitative (meta-analytic) aspects. The current editor-in-chief is Stephen P. Hinshaw (University of California Berkeley).
 Philadelphia Style delivers the latest dispatches from the worlds of fashion beauty travel philanthropy entertainment home décor architecture and real estate to discerning and sophisticated readers in the metropolitan Philadelphia region. It is a guide to the business people places and events that define the exceptional character of this historic and culturally rich city. Philadelphia Style is published by Niche Media.
 The Lord (orig. Der Herr) is a Christological book published in English translation in 1954 by Romano Guardini a Roman Catholic priest and academic.
 Old Hungarian Fairy Tales was edited and translated from the Hungarian by Baroness Orczy (creator of the famous Scarlet Pimpernel series) in 1895.The illustrations in the book were provided by her husband Montagu Barstow whom she married in 1894.Stories include: Uletka and the White Lizard The Suitors of the Fire Fly The Twin Hunchbacks Mr Cuttlefish's Love Story Forget-me-not The Enchanted cat The Wishing Skin and That's Not True
 Mary Reilly is a 1990 parallel novel by American writer Valerie Martin. It is inspired by Robert Louis Stevenson's classic novel The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1990 and the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel in 1991. Martin's novel was the basis for the 1996 film of the same name starring Julia Roberts in the title role.
 I Am Legend is a 1954 horror fiction novel by American writer Richard Matheson. It was influential in the development of the zombie genre and in popularizing the concept of a worldwide apocalypse due to disease. The novel was a success and was adapted to film as The Last Man on Earth in 1964 as The Omega Man in 1971 and as I Am Legend in 2007 along with a direct-to-video 2007 production capitalizing on that film I Am Omega.
 No Longer at Ease is a 1960 novel by Nigerian author Chinua Achebe. It is the story of an Igbo man Obi Okonkwo who leaves his village for a British education and a job in the Nigerian colonial civil service but struggles to adapt to a Western lifestyle and ends up taking a bribe. The novel is the last in what is sometimes referred to as the African trilogy following Things Fall Apart and Arrow of God.
 Dei Sepolcri is a poem written by the Italian poet Ugo Foscolo in 1806 and published in 1807. It consists of 295 hendecasyllabic verses. The carme (as the author defined it) is dedicated to another poet Ippolito Pindemonte with whom Foscolo had been discussing the recent Napoleonic law regarding tombs.Foscolo held materialistic views about man's destiny after death but he strongly affirmed the value of tombs as memorials to noble souls or bright intellects.
 Yankee in Oz is a 1972 Oz novel by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was the first published by The International Wizard of Oz Club. A letter from the Henry Regnery Company which bought Reilly & Lee is reproduced in the front indicating the publisher's blessing for the new Oz book to appear. It was originally written in 1959 but because the Oz books were not selling it was not published. The first two editions of the book were published in 8½ x 11 inch format and running only 94 pages.
 The Snow Queen (Danish: Snedronningen) is a fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875). The tale was first published 21 December 1844 in New Fairy Tales. First Volume. Second Collection. 1845. (Danish: Nye Eventyr. Første Bind. Anden Samling. 1845.) The story centers on the struggle between good and evil as experienced by a little boy and girl Kai and Gerda.The story is one of Andersen's longest and most highly acclaimed stories.
 The Alaska Star is a weekly newspaper in the Municipality of Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska. The Alaska Star serves communities north of Anchorage proper (known as the Anchorage Bowl) including Eagle River Chugiak and Eklutna. Since 2011 it has been named the Chugiak-Eagle River Star.
 Crónica is a newspaper published in Buenos Aires Argentina.
 The Jabberwock Review is a literary journal founded in 1980 and based at Mississippi State University.The journal publishes poetry fiction nonfiction and art. Recent notable contributors include poets Nicky Beer and Brian Barker and fiction writers Jacob M. Appel and Robert Parham.
 MacUser is a monthly (formerly biweekly) computer magazine published by Dennis Publishing Ltd. and licensed by Felden in the UK.In 1985 Felix Dennis’ Dennis Publishing the creators of MacUser in the UK licensed the name and “mouse-rating” symbol for MacUser to Ziff-Davis Publishing for use in the rest of the world. The UK MacUser was never linked to the US MacUser.
 A British Picture (ISBN 978-1-904915-32-4 2008) is the autobiography of the English film director Ken Russell. Its title was changed to Altered States in the United States. When the author Tony Fletcher requested an interview with Russell as reference for his biography of the Who drummer Keith Moon Russell replied that he had already said everything he wanted to say about Moon in A British Picture. The book at no point mentions Moon.
 Motor Cycling was one of the first British motorcycle magazines. Launched in 1910 the front covers often had varying degree of green background green or contrasting text and B&W illustrations or photographic images. This common theme resulted in almost a 'trademark' appearance being called The Green 'un distinguishing it from its rival publication The Motor Cycle which had variation on blue background colouring with contrasting text and images (The Blue 'un).
 The Shulchan Aruch (Hebrew: שֻׁלחָן עָרוּך‎ [ʃulˈħan ʕaˈʁuχ] literally: Set Table) also known by various Jewish communities but not all as the Code of Jewish Law. There are various legal codes in Judaism but the Shulchan Aruch is the most widely consulted. It was authored in Safed Ottoman Eyalet of Damascus by Yosef Karo in 1563 and published in Venice two years later.
 A Long Way from Chicago is a novel in stories (or short story cycle) by Richard Peck. It was awarded the Newbery Honor in 1999. Peck's sequel to this book A Year Down Yonder won the Newbery Medal for children's literature in 2001.
 Memories and Portraits is a collection of essays by Robert Louis Stevenson first published in 1887.
 Rugby World is a monthly rugby union magazine running since October 1960. It is published monthly by IPC Media and edited by Owain Jones who took over from long standing editor Paul Morgan in January 2012.
 Deerskin is a dark fantasy novel by Robin McKinley first published in 1993. It is based on an old French fairy tale by Charles Perrault called Peau d'âne (Donkeyskin). It was nominated for the Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature.The book contains numerous adult themes including incest rape and miscarriage. It features McKinley's typical protagonist the resourceful heroine overcoming psychological trauma and her favored motif of the animal helper.
 Spring Snow (春の雪 Haru no Yuki) is a novel by Yukio Mishima the first in his Sea of Fertility tetralogy. It was published serially in Shinchō from 1965 to 1967 and then in book form in 1969. Mishima did extensive research including visits to Enshō-ji in Nara to prepare for the novel.
 Kerberos Saga Rainy Dogs (犬狼伝説 紅い足痕 (Kenrou Densetsu Akai Ashiato lit. Dog-Wolf Legend: The Red Footsteps) is a 2003-2005 Kerberos saga manga written by Mamoru Oshii and illustrated by Mamoru Sugiura who was in charge of the continuity in the Kerberos Panzer Cop manga. The story is the sequel to the Kerberos Panzer Cop and a prequel to the StrayDog movie.
 I Sold My Soul on eBay: Viewing Faith Through an Atheist's Eyes is a non-fiction book by Hemant Mehta an atheist and blogger who describes his visits to a variety of Christian churches. These visits initially occurred as a result of an eBay auction Mehta created where he offered to visit the worship services of the winning bidder's choosing. The media later branded this auction as Mehta selling his soul.
 When You Reach Me is a Newbery Medal-winning science fiction and mystery novel by Rebecca Stead published in 2009. It takes place in the Upper West Side in New York during 1978 and 1979 and follows the protagonist Miranda Sinclair. She receives a strange note asking her to record future events and write down the location of her spare key. As the novel progresses Miranda receives three more notes with requests.
 Anglo-Saxon Attitudes is a satirical novel by Angus Wilson published in 1956. It was Wilson's most popular book and many consider it his best work.
 The Hunger is the 12th and final book in the Galaxy of Fear series by John Whitman set in the Star Wars galaxy shortly after Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. The Hunger is the first Galaxy of Fear book to feature Deevee since Army of Terror.
 G.I. Joe: America's Elite is a series of comic books set in the G.I. Joe universe which began publication in June 2005. The events of the series begin one year after the conclusion of G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero (vol. 2) and features the G.I. Joe Team re-activated with a reduced roster. The Special Missions series features reserve specialists who are activated as needed and expands on plots set up in the main title.
 Fucking Men is a play by Joe DiPietro. It premiered at the King's Head Theatre in the London Borough of Islington directed by Phil Willmott. It opened on 9 January 2009 and was extended three times due to strong sales and later ran in repertory with Naked Boys Singing. Both productions transferred to the Arts Theatre in London's West End Theatre on 15 July 2009.The play had its United States premiere on 11 September 2009 at the Celebration Theatre in Los Angeles California.
 Haters is the 2006 debut young adult novel by Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez.
 Empire of Lies is a 2008 thriller novel written by screenwriter and Edgar-winner Andrew Klavan. The book takes its title from a quote by Ron Paul Truth is treason in an empire of lies.
 Them Bones (1984) is the first solo novel by science fiction writer Howard Waldrop. It was nominated for the Philip K. Dick Award in 1984 but lost out to William Gibson's Neuromancer; both novels were part of the third Ace Science Fiction Specials series edited by Terry Carr.
 The Wedding is a romance novel written by American writer Danielle Steel and published in April 2000 . Set in Los Angeles against a star-studded backdrop it follows a busy career woman as she meets the man of her dreams falls in love and plans her wedding. It was first on the New York Times Best Seller list.
 In the Country of Last Things is a dystopian epistolary novel written by American author Paul Auster and first published in 1987.
 Stumbling on Happiness is a non-fiction book by Daniel Gilbert. It was published in the United States and Canada in 2006 by Knopf and has been translated into 25 languages. It is a New York Times bestseller.
 Hoshi no Furumachi (ほしのふるまち) is a manga written and illustrated by Hidenori Hara.
 Teleny or The Reverse of the Medal is a pornographic novel first published in London in 1893. The authorship of the work is unknown. There is a general consensus that it was an ensemble effort but it has often been attributed to Oscar Wilde. Set in fin-de-siècle Paris its concerns are the magnetic attraction and passionate though ultimately tragic affair between a young Frenchman named Camille de Grieux and the Hungarian pianist René Teleny.
 The Blue Octavo Notebooks (sometimes referred to as The Eight Octavo Notebooks) is a series of eight notebooks written by Franz Kafka from late 1917 until June 1919. The name was given to them by Max Brod Kafka's literary executor to differentiate them from the regular quarto-sized notebooks Kafka used as diaries. Along with the octavo notebooks Brod also found a series of extracts copied out and numbered by Kafka.
 Daylight Magazine is an English-language documentary photography magazine founded in 2003 by Taj Forer and Michael Itkoff and published by the Daylight Community Arts Foundation. Released bi-annually each issue features a series of selected photographs related to the issue's theme with explanatory essays written by the photographers. The magazine is progressive in outlook and portrays the effects of larger forces and trends on individuals communities and landscapes.
 Legion of the Damned is a science fiction novel by William C. Dietz first published by Ace Books in 1993. This is the first book in the nine book Legion of the Damned series by William C. Dietz. The final novel (A Fighting Chance) was released in November 2011. Dietz has since begun a prequel series beginning with the novel Andromeda's Fall released in late 2012.
 Promethea is a comic book series created by Alan Moore J. H. Williams III and Mick Gray published by America's Best Comics/WildStorm.It tells the story of Sophie Bangs a college student from an alternate futuristic New York City in 1999 who embodies the powerful entity known as Promethea whose task it is to bring the Apocalypse.Originally published as 32 issues from 1999 to 2005 the series has now been re-published into five graphic novels and one hard-back issue.
 Alphabet of Dreams (2006) is a novel by an American novelist Susan Fletcher. First published on 22 August 2006.
 Students Across the Seven Seas is a novel series published by Penguin. There is no set author for the series. The books center around a fictional Study Abroad program with shares its name with the series title and is abbreviated S.A.S.S. Each book centers around a teenage American girl and her experiences studying abroad in a foreign country such as France Spain Sweden or Italy.
 Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite is a book written - and some would say compiled - by the English writer Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United Kingdom by Aidan Ellis in 1992 (ISBN 0-85628-200-6).
 Advances in Complex Systems (ACS) is a peer-reviewed journal published quarterly by World Scientific providing a multidisciplinary perspective to the study of complex systems.
 Philosophical Topics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all major areas of philosophy. Each thematic issue consists entirely of invited papers. Recent issues have been concerned with perception agency modern philosophy identity and free will. The journal is published by the University of Arkansas philosophy department and the University of Arkansas Press.
 The Journal of Adolescent Health is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering adolescent health and medicine including biological psychological and social aspects. The journal publishes original research articles review articles letters to the editor commentaries and case reports. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine and was established in 1980 as the Journal of Adolescent Health Care obtaining its current name in 1991. Charles E.
 Shirokuma Cafe (しろくまカフェ Shirokuma Kafe lit. Polar Bear's Café) is a Japanese manga series by Aloha Higa (ヒガ アロハ Higa Aroha). It revolves around the everyday lives of a group of animals mingling with humans at a café run by a polar bear. An anime adaptation by Studio Pierrot aired in Japan between April 2012 and March 2013.
 The Best Halloween Ever! is a book by Barbara Robinson. The book is a sequel to Robinson's earlier work The Best Christmas Pageant Ever! Matt Berman of Commonsense Media describes the book as being tame to the point of being lame while Chris Sherman of Booklist says that Robinson's suspenseful romp will delight fans of previous books.
 The King's Last Song is a novel by Canadian author Geoff Ryman. It was first published in 2006 by HarperCollins in the UK. It was published in the United States in 2008 by Small Beer Press.
 The Eternal Conflict is a fantasy novel by author David H. Keller M.D.. It was first published in 1949 by Prime Press in an edition of 400 copies all of which were signed numbered and slipcased. The novel was originally serialized in French in Le Primaires under the title Le Duel Sans Fin in 1939.
 Monkeewrench (released later in the United Kingdom as Want to Play?) is the first novel by author team P. J. Tracy. It revolves around the search for a copycat killer who is recreating murders found in a new computer game. It also seems that the killer is linked to the computer programmers who made the game.This book was featured on the UK Richard & Judy show in 2005.
 Hocus Corpus is a crime novel by the American writer James N. Tucker set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of Dr. Jack Merlin now chief resident of surgery still a part-time magician and sleuth who is mysteriously losing patients after routine surgery at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
 Setareh'yé Djéhane was a Persian/French bilingual newspaper published from Teheran Iran founded in 1928. It was published daily except on Saturdays. As of 1937 Its owner and editor-in-chief was A. G. E'tessam-Zadeh (member of parliament and French Academy laureate) and its director was A. Malecki. The newspaper was dedicated to covering politics economics and literature.
 Military Heritage is an American glossy bi-monthly military history magazine that was first published in August 1999 by Sovereign Media. It was founded by Carl A. Gnam Jr. who also serves as the editorial director. The current magazine editor (as of 2006) is Roy Morris Jr.The feature articles focus on historical battles or campaigns and describe the context in which the conflict was fought. They will typically include several illustrations and a brief bibliography for further reading.
 The Hebrew Union College Annual is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of Jewish studies. It was established in 1924 and is published by the Hebrew Union College. The editor-in-chief is Edward Goldman.
 The Third Millennium: A History of the World AD 2000-3000 is a 1985 book written by Brian Stableford and David Langford. It is a fictional historical account from the perspective of the year 3000 giving a future history of humanity and its technological and sociologial developments.
 The World Economy: Historical Statistics is a book by Angus Maddison.
 Losing Neverland is a manga-inspired German comic by Fahr Sindram. Volume 1 was published in June 2006 in Germany. Volume 2 was planned to be published in July 2007. Butter and Cream planned to publish Losing Neverland in 2007 in the U.S. releases in France and Japan are also planned.In December 2006 Losing Neverland had its Japanese premiere at the Comiket in Tokyo.The comic has received an honourable citation from the German Council for Sustainable Development.
 Many Waters is a 1986 novel by Madeleine L'Engle part of the author's Time Quartet (also known as the Time Quintet). The title is taken from the Song of Solomon 8:7: Many waters cannot quench love neither can the floods drown it.
 Profit Over People: Neoliberalism and Global Order is a 1999 book by Noam Chomsky published by Seven Stories Press. It contains his critique of neoliberalism.He argues about the doctrines and the development of a pro-corporate system of economic and political policies that restrict the public arena and support private power.
 The Saga of Cuckoo is a series of science fiction novels by Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson. It consists of two novels:
 Masterpiece is a 2008 novel written by Elise Broach illustrated by Kelly Murphy and published by Christy Ottaviano Books. It won a 2008 Publishers Weekly Best Book of the Year in Children’s Fiction the 2009 E.B. White Read Aloud Award a 2009 ALA Notable Children's Book and is a New York Times Best Seller.As of 2011 Masterpiece has been translated in Catalan French German Hebrew Japanese Korean Mandarin Portuguese Russian Spanish Thai and Turkish.
 Tender Is the Night is a novel by American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was his fourth and final completed novel and was first published in Scribner's Magazine between January–April 1934 in four issues. The title is taken from the poem Ode to a Nightingale by John Keats.In 1932 Fitzgerald's wife Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald was hospitalized for schizophrenia in Baltimore Maryland.
 Momo Kyun Sword (モモキュンソード Momo Kyun Sōdo) is a Japanese light novel series by Kibidango Project based on the Japanese folklore hero Momotarō. The light novel began serialization for free online in 2012. It features multiple illustrators who are rotated on a monthly basis. A second season of the light novel began serialization in 2013. A 4-panel manga series is also serialized online for free.
 Kull is a collection of Fantasy short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1967 by Lancer Books under the title King Kull. This edition included three stories completed by Lin Carter from unfinished fragments and drafts by Howard. Later editions retitled as Kull replaced the stories with the uncompleted fragments. Two of the stories and the poem The King and the Oak originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 The Dark Tower: The Journey Begins is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. It is the sixth comic book miniseries based on Stephen King's The Dark Tower series of novels. It is plotted by Robin Furth scripted by Peter David and illustrated by Richard Isanove and Sean Phillips. Stephen King is the Creative and Executive Director of the project. The first issue was published May 19 2010.
 Boy's Next Door (少年残像 -Boy's next door-) [sic] also known as Shōnen Zanzō (literally 'Afterimage of a Boy') is a one-volume manga by Kaori Yuki. The story set in Los Angeles follows the love affair of Adrian a haunted teacher and Lawrence a young male prostitute.
 Our Kingdom is a yaoi manga by Naduki Koujima about the relationship of Akira Nonaka a boy from the countryside and his cousin Kyle Rei Basil. It is published in English by Digital Manga Publishing. Due to the 2006 Biblos bankruptcy only the first six volumes have been released in English. It was commissioned by Digital Manga Publishing.
 The Leopard's Spots is the first novel of Thomas Dixon's Ku Klux Klan trilogy that included The Clansman and The Traitor. In the novel Dixon offers an account of Reconstruction in which he portrays the villains as a former slave driver Northern carpetbaggers and emancipated slaves; and heroes as members of the Ku Klux Klan.
 Rumic World (るーみっくわーるど Rūmikku Wārudo) can refer either to a series of short manga stories written by Rumiko Takahashi or to a series of Original Video Animation's based on those stories. Rumic World was later reprinted in Japan as Takahashi Rumiko Kessaku Tanpenshū (高橋留美子傑作短編集). Most of the stories tend to be comedies.The Original Video Animation's (OVA's) were released in North American and United Kingdom by Central Park Media and Manga Entertainment.
 The Devil and Daniel Webster is a short story by Stephen Vincent Benét. This retelling of the classic German Faust tale is based on the short story The Devil and Tom Walker written by Washington Irving.
 The Journal of Physical Chemistry C publishes scientific articles reporting research on several subdisciplines of physical chemistry:Nanoparticles and nanostructuresSurfaces interfaces and catalysisElectron transport optical and electronic devicesEnergy conversion and storageIt was created in 2007 when the Journal of Physical Chemistry B was split in two largely due to the recent growth in the area of nanotechnology.
 INOUT Magazine is a bi-annual food drink and lifestyle magazine that was first published by UK IO Publishing Ltd in Chester in 2004. It is a guide for staying in or going out in North West England and North Wales with a particular focus on food and drink and is distributed for free through restaurants hotels farm shops spas and other establishments.
 Behavioral and Brain Functions is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by BioMed Central with Open Access to all content. The journal publishes articles on all aspects of neurobiology where the unifying theme is behavior or behavioral dysfunction. It was established in 2005 with Terje Sagvolden as founding editor-in-chief. The current editors-in-chief are Vivienne A. Russell (University of Cape Town) and Rosemary Tannock (University of Toronto).
 The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence is a 1974 controversial non-fiction political book written by Victor Marchetti a former special assistant to the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and John D. Marks a former officer of the United States Department of State.The authors purport to expose how the CIA actually works and how its original purpose (i.e.
 The Man Who Tasted Shapes is a book by neurologist Richard Cytowic about synesthesia.
 The Diary of Anne Frank is a stage adaptation of the book The Diary of a Young Girl by Anne Frank.
 Babyji is a novel by Abha Dawesar first published in 2005. Set in 1980s Delhi India it recounts the coming of age and the sexual adventures and fantasies of a 16-year-old bespectacled schoolgirl the only child of a Brahmin family.
 Red Storm Rising is a 1986 techno-thriller novel by Tom Clancy about a Third World War in Europe between NATO and Warsaw Pact forces set around the mid-1980s. Though there are other novels dealing with a fictional World War III this one is notable for the way in which numerous settings for the action—from Atlantic convoy duty to shooting down reconnaissance satellites to tank battles in Germany—all have an integral part to play on the outcome.
 Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Ginji's Rescue Team (ポケモン不思議のダンジョンギンジの救助隊 Pokemon Fushigi no Danjon: Ginji no Kyūjotai) is a 6-part manga based on the video games Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Blue Rescue Team and Red Rescue Team that first appeared in Japan's CoroCoro Comic in the fall of 2005. Its English language translation was released in Nintendo Power from the September 2006 issue to the February 2007 issue presented in the same right-to-left format.
 Ergo was an Indian daily newspaper which was published during 2007–2009 by Kasturi & Sons the publishers of the newspaper The Hindu. It was published in tabloid format and distributed free of cost to Information Technology professionals in the software corridor of Chennai. At its peak it had a circulation of 55000 and a readership of 100000. It ceased publication from 1 August 2009 and is currently available only online.
 More! was a weekly women's fashion magazine and associated website published every Tuesday in the United Kingdom by Bauer London Lifestyle. It included celebrity news high street fashion and sex tips. The magazine was published fortnightly until September 2007 when it became a weekly publication to compete with Look magazine. More USA is still published.On 22 April 2013 Bauer Media Group announced that it would cease publication of More! Magazine and its website.
 Trouble is a five-issue romance comic book limited series published in 2003 by Marvel Comics as a part of its mature Epic Comics imprint. Written by Mark Millar and illustrated by Terry and Rachel Dodson the series deals with teen pregnancy. The basic concept was created by Bill Jemas and Joe Quesada.Trouble was considered by Marvel's editorial group as the possible origin of Spider-Man.
 Gold Dust and Ashes is a book by Ion Idriess set in the New Guina goldfields. It was highly popular on release.
 Hana no Asuka-gumi! (花のあすか組!) is a Japanese manga by Satosumi Takaguchi serialized in Monthly Asuka. It was adapted into a television drama series two live action films two OVAs and two drama CDs. It is one of the series with delinquent girls (sukeban) popular in the 1980s. Two new manga series were published one from 2003 to 2009 and the other from 2007 to 2008.
 Prelude to Space is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke in 1947. However it was not until 1951 that the story first appeared in magazine format from World Editions Inc as number three in the series Galaxy Science Fiction.
 Living with the Dead is the ninth novel in Women of the Otherworld series by Kelley Armstrong.When Robyn Peltier—a very human PR rep—is framed for murder the two people most determined to clear her name are half-demon tabloid reporter Hope Adams and necromancer homicide detective John Findlay. Robyn finds herself in the heart of a world she never knew existed—and which she is safer knowing nothing about...
 Disk User was a bi-monthly magazine for the BBC Micro range of 8-bit microcomputers. The first issue was available from 15 May 1987. Its coverdisks contained graphical demos and pre-release previews of upcoming software.[citation needed]
 Bealby: A Holiday is a 1915 comic novel by H. G. Wells.
 The Anatomy of Melancholy (Full title: The Anatomy of Melancholy What it is: With all the Kinds Causes Symptomes Prognostickes and Several Cures of it. In Three Maine Partitions with their several Sections Members and Subsections. Philosophically Medicinally Historically Opened and Cut Up) is a book by Robert Burton first published in 1621.
 For the episode of Star Trek: The Original Series see Return to Tomorrow.Return From Tomorrow is a book by George G. Ritchie in which he describes a near-death experience in an Army hospital at the age of 20 in which he was legally dead for nine minutes and the effect it had on him.[citation needed]
 Videvik is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 The Sealed Angel (Запеча′тленный а′нгел) is a story by Nikolai Leskov written in 1872 and first published in the #1 January 1873 issue of The Russian Messenger.
 Starlord was a short-lived weekly British science fiction comic published by IPC in 1978 as a sister title to 2000 AD which had been launched the previous year in anticipation of a science fiction boom surrounding Star Wars.Starlord was planned as a fortnightly title for older readers with longer stories and higher production values than 2000 AD and the rest of the IPC boys' comics stable but this proved too ambitious.
 The Tower on the Rift is the second novel in The View from the Mirror quartet by Ian Irvine.
 Xtabentum: A Novel of Yucatan is a popular novel published in 2011 by first-time Mexican Yucatan American novelist Rosy Hugener who resides in Long Grove Illinois.The author sprinkles in enough Mayan folklore to pique the reader's interest. Some of the descriptions are creative. The story line is believable and it draws the reader into the book. Mexico’s turbulent history and the struggle of its indigenous peoples are presented in a palatable way.
 There is also a newspaper called the Daily Breeze located in Cape Coral Florida.The Daily Breeze is a 70000-circulation daily newspaper published in Torrance California. It serves the South Bay cities of Los Angeles County. Its slogan is LAX to LA Harbor.
 The Flick is a play by Annie Baker that won the 2013 Obie Award for Playwriting. It also received the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The Flick premiered Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons in 2013.
 The Toymaker is a collection of science fiction short stories by Raymond F. Jones. It was first published in 1951 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1300 copies of which 1000 were hardback. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding and Fantastic Adventures.
 My Lost Mexico (1992) by American author James A. Michener is a nonfiction account of Michener's endeavor to write a big novel about Mexico in the grand style of his other popular novels like Hawaii. Michener relates the long journey of a novel which he had begun writing early in his career but had abandoned and the manuscript had ultimately been lost. Its discovery 30 years later led to the 1992 bestseller Mexico.
 Little Lulu is the nickname for Lulu Moppett a comic strip character created in the mid-1930s by Marjorie Henderson Buell. The character debuted in The Saturday Evening Post on 23 February 1935 in a single panel appearing as a flower girl at a wedding and strewing the aisle with banana peels. Little Lulu replaced Carl Anderson's Henry which had been picked up for distribution by King Features Syndicate.
 Release February 1990 is a poem by Lynne Bryer on the release from political incarceration of the South African freedom fighter and later president Nelson Mandela.
 Walt Disney: Hollywood's Dark Prince is a biography by Marc Eliot presenting a darker picture of entertainer Walt Disney than his popular perception. Eliot alleges lifelong anti-Semitism and he also documents Disney's covert activities on behalf of the House Un-American Activities Committee as a spy against Communists in Hollywood.
 Karl Marx: His Life and Environment is a 1939 biography of Karl Marx by Isaiah Berlin. Berlin argues that Marx's system of thought depends upon indefensible metaphysical presuppositions.
 Threadsuns (German: Fadensonnen) is a 1968 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan. It is also known as Twinesuns and Fathomsuns. It was published in English in its entirety in 2000 though parts of it had appeared earlier in volumes of selected poems.
 Sociobiology: The New Synthesis is a book by E. O. Wilson that helped start the sociobiology debate one of the great scientific controversies in biology of the 20th century (see Criticism of evolutionary psychology). Wilson popularized the term sociobiology as an attempt to explain the evolutionary mechanics behind social behaviors such as altruism aggression and nurturance.
 Astronomy and Astrophysics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering theoretical observational and instrumental astronomy and astrophysics. It is one of the premier journals for astronomy in the world. The journal is published by EDP Sciences in 16 issues per year. The editor-in-chief is Thierry Forveille (Observatoire des Sciences de l'Univers de Grenoble). Previous editors in chief include Claude Bertout James Lequeux Michael Grewing and Catherine Cesarsky.
 Annales d'histochimie was a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1956. It covered the field of histochemistry.
 Figgie Hobbin: Poems for Children is a children's poetry collection written by the Cornish poet Charles Causley and first published in 1970. Since then it has gone through numerous reprints including a notable version published in the United States in 1973 with illustrations by Trina Schart Hyman.The poems' subjects are fairly evenly split between gentle introspection and delighting in random nonsense.
 Blue/Orange is a play written by English dramatist Joe Penhall. A sardonically comic piece which touches on race mental illness and 21st century British life it premiered at the Cottesloe Theatre in April 2000 starring Bill Nighy Andrew Lincoln and Chiwetel Ejiofor. It went to London's West End in 2001. In 2008 Plain Clothes Theatre Productions toured the show around the South-West.
 The Green Lantern Chronicles is a series of trade paperbacks from DC Comics intended to reprint all Green Lantern (Hal Jordan) stories chronologically (based on publication) starting with his earliest appearance. Four volumes have been released beginning in May 2009.
 Song Without Words: A Book of Engravings on Wood is a wordless novel of 1936 by American artist Lynd Ward (1905–1985). Executed in twenty-one wood engravings it was the fifth and shortest of the six wordless novels Ward completed produced while working on the last and longest Vertigo (1937).
 Stardust is a non-fiction collection of memoirs and essays written by Canadian writer Bruce Serafin first published in October 2007 by New Star Books. The book contains 20 writings from Serafin's youth; compiled after the authors death in 2007. Primarily the prose dishes harsh criticism at the establishment; in the authors style of candid and frank discourse. Serafin was honored posthumously for his work.
 Enchanted Faces is a collection of sketches by Bob Harman of famous women from the 1920s 1930s and 1940s. Each portrait includes a quote about the woman usually from a magazine such as Photoplay or Movie Mirror. The women portrayed in the book include Katharine Hepburn and Judy Garland among over a hundred others.
 Press Gazette formerly known as UK Press Gazette (UKPG) is a British media trade magazine dedicated to journalism and the press. It was first published in 1965 and currently has a circulation of about 2500 although it had enjoyed higher circulations earlier in its history.
 The Fifth Elephant is the 24th Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett. It introduces the clacks a long-distance semaphore system. The novel was nominated for the Locus Award in 2000.
 African Issues was an academic journal that published short articles analyzing contemporary policies toward Africa in Africa and involving the Africanist community. A former title is Issue: A Journal of Opinion. The journal was established in 1971 and ceased publication in 2004.
 The Unconscious God is a book written by Dr. Viktor E. Frankl the Vienesse psychiatrist and founder of Logotherapy. The book was the subject of his dissertation for a Ph.D. in philosophy in 1948.The Unconscious God is an examination of the relation of psychology and religion.
 The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass is a book by Bill Maher. It is the sequel to his 2005 book New Rules: Polite Musings from a Timid Observer. The book was published in late 2011 by Blue Rider Press an imprint of Penguin Books.The book debuted at No. 11 on The New York Times Best Seller non-fiction list.
 Snakecharm is the second book in The Kiesha'ra Series by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes. It is narrated by Zane Cobriana Diente of the serpiente people and alistair to Danica Shardae Tuuli Thea of the avians. This book relates what happens after Zane and Danica's marriage ends the avian-serpiente war.
 The Wide Window is the third in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket. It was later released in paperback under the name The Wide Window; or Disappearance! In The Wide Window the Baudelaire orphans are sent to live with their third guardian Aunt Josephine who lives on a house overlooking Lake Lachrymose.
 Nowhere but Up is a memoir written by Pattie Mallette with A.J. Gregory. Published in September 2012 the book entered the New York Times Best Seller list at #17 during the first week of release.
 The Gum Thief is Canadian author Douglas Coupland's twelfth novel. It was published on September 25 2007 (2007-09-25) by Random House Canada in Canada and Bloomsbury Publishing in the United States.An epistolary novel The Gum Thief is written as a collection of journal entries notes and letters written by various characters.
 Dead Souls is a 1999 crime novel by Ian Rankin. It is the tenth of the Inspector Rebus novels. It was the third episode in the Rebus television series starring John Hannah airing in 2001.
 In the Stone House is a collection of science fiction fantasy and horror stories by author Barry N. Malzberg. It was released in 2000 and was the author's first book published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of approximately 2500 copies. The stories originally appeared in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction Omni and Science Fiction Age and other magazines.
 Lush Life is a contemporary social novel by Richard Price. It is Price's eighth novel and was published in 2008 by Farrar Straus and Giroux.
 A Million Open Doors (1992) is a science fiction novel the first book of the Thousand Cultures series by John Barnes. The story is told from the perspective of a maturing adult from a parochial culture who encounters many obstacles in a different and even more parochial culture which causes him to become a fully engaged citizen in the Interstellar culture.
 The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window is the second and last staged play by playwright Lorraine Hansberry author of A Raisin in the Sun. The play is a story about a man named Sidney his pitfalls within his personal life and struggles in Bohemian culture. The play premiered October 15 1964 and received mixed reviews. It encompasses themes of race suicide homosexuality and also focuses on individual characters learning to cope with life.
 Up to Now is the autobiography of the British composer conductor and theatre producer Martin Shaw (1875–1958). It was published by Oxford University Press in 1929 when Shaw was 53. His reminiscences cover the early period of his life his family and upbringing his early career working with Gordon Craig Isadora Duncan and Ellen Terry his marriage and the development of his work in church music especially his collaborations with Percy Dearmer and Ralph Vaughan Williams.
 Summer of My German Soldier is a book by Betty Green first published in 1973.The story is told in first person narrative by a twelve-year-old Jewish girl named Patty Bergen living in Jenkinsville Arkansas during World War II. The story focuses on the friendship between Patty and an escaped German POW named Anton. Patty first meets Anton when a group of German POWs visits her father's store. Anton teaches Patty that she is a person of value.
 Marine Resource Economics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering environmental economics. It is published by the MRE Foundation in affiliation with the North American Association of Fisheries and the International Institute of Fisheries Economics and Trade. The current editor-in-chief is Martin D. Smith (Nicholas School of the Environment). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.083.
 The Sun.Star Cebu is a community newspaper in Cebu City the Philippines. It is the flagship newspaper of the Sun.Star network of newspapers and is the leading newspaper in both Metro Cebu and the province of Cebu.It is also the oldest of the Sun.Star newspapers having been in continuous publication since 1982. Its office is in Kamagayan Cebu City.
 Dragon Knights (ドラゴン騎士団 Doragon Kishi-dan lit. Dragon Knight-Group) is a manga series drawn by Mineko Ohkami and shown in the monthly Japanese magazine Wings. The manga is translated in the United States by Tokyopop. The American translation is imported to Australia by Madman Entertainment. Dragon Knights has a large cast of characters and many overlapping subplots that all weave together to form a main story line.
 The Times Union is an American daily newspaper serving the Capital Region of New York United States. Although the newspaper focuses on Albany and its suburbs it covers all parts of the four-county area including the cities of Troy Schenectady and Saratoga Springs. It is owned by the Hearst Corporation. The paper was founded in 1857 originally published as the Morning Times and purchased by William Randolph Hearst in 1924.
 The Ajo Copper News is a weekly community newspaper serving western Pima County Arizona. It has been published since 1916 in Ajo Arizona. Information about the newspaper and some news briefs can be found on its website at www.cunews.info.The newspaper concentrates on news of the community and also features columns by local writers. It accepts general advertising.
 Linux Format was the UK's first Linux-specific magazine and as of 2013 was the best-selling Linux title in the UK. It is also exported to many countries worldwide. It is published by Future plc (which produces PC Plus .net and many other computer magazines).
 Alma Cogan (ISBN 978-0-571-22284-1) is a 1991 novel by Gordon Burn reprinted in 2004. It was Burn's first novel and won the Whitbread Book Award in 1991. In the UK it was published in 1991 with the title Alma Cogan. In the US it was initially published as Alma.
 Mission to Moulokin (1979) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. It is the second entry in Foster's Icerigger Trilogy and is a part of his ever-growing series of books taking place within his Humanx Commonwealth.
 The Journal of Law and Economics is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. It publishes articles on the economic analysis of regulation and the behavior of regulated firms the political economy of legislation and legislative processes law and finance corporate finance and governance and industrial organization. The journal is sponsored by the University of Chicago Law School.
 Enter Madame was a 1920 Broadway three act comedy written by Gilda Varesi and Dolly Byrneproduced and directed by Brock Pemberton. Varesi also played the lead role of opera singer Madame Lisa Della Robia with Norman Trevor playing her husband Gerald Fitzgerald. It ran for 350 performances from August 16 1920 to April 1922 at the Garrick Theatre.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 The Pärnu Leht was a short-lived newspaper published in the city of Pärnu Estonia. It was first published on 1 October 1994 and was discontinued in the end of 1995.
 La invención de Morel (American Spanish: [la imbenˈsjon de moˈɾel]; 1940) — translated as The Invention of Morel or Morel's Invention — is a science fiction novel by Adolfo Bioy Casares. It was Bioy Casares' breakthrough effort for which he won the 1941 First Municipal Prize for Literature of the City of Buenos Aires. He considered it the true beginning of his literary career despite being his seventh book.
 The Neighbors is a comic strip created by George Clark which ran from 1939 to 1976. Clark launched The Neighbors in 1939 with the Chicago Tribune-New York Daily News Syndicate. Similar to his earlier Side Glances it explored subtle aspects of middle-class family humor. He soon added a Sunday strip Our Neighbors the Ripples a title eventually shortened to The Ripples. The Sunday strip was dropped in 1948 but his daily panel continued until 1971.
 The Sovereign State is a book by Anthony Sampson published on July 1 1973 by Hodder & Stoughton Ltd. The book focuses on the history of ITT Corporation to make a broader point about the weakening of the authority of traditional national governments by the multinational corporations.
 Windmills of the Gods is a 1987 thriller novel by American writer Sidney Sheldon.
 Neighbors is a 1980 novel by American author Thomas Berger. It is a satire of manners and suburbia and a comment on emotional alienation with echoes of the works of Franz Kafka. Earl Keese’s character and situation begin realistically but become increasingly fantastic. Keese is an Everyman whose life is swiftly turned upside down and as he scrambles to reclaim his sense of normalcy and dignity he comes to think that everyone including his family is against him.
 White Girl Bleed a Lot: The Return of Racial Violence to America and How the Media Ignore It is a 2012 non-fiction book written by Colin Flaherty regarding race and crime particularly the knockout game and violent flash mobs of black people in the United States. It was published by WND Books.
 Blind Lake is a science fiction novel by author Robert Charles Wilson. It was published in 2003 and won a Prix Aurora Award for Best Long Form and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel both in 2004.
 Teen was an American teen lifestyle magazine for preteen and early teenage girls ages 10 to 15. The content of Teen included advice entertainment news quizzes fashion beauty celebrity role models and real-girl stories.
 Summer of ’98: When Homers Flew Records Fell and Baseball Reclaimed America is a 1999 book written by Mike Lupica a sports columnist for the New York Daily News and an ESPN analyst. The book follows the 1998 baseball season that featured Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa chasing Roger Maris home run record. Lupica’s book approaches the subject in a three generational context where his father himself and his son are all passionate baseball fans following the home run competition.
 Dirty Jokes and Beer: Stories of the Unrefined is a 1997 book written by Drew Carey.In a preface to the book Carey claims that he wrote every word of it himself—he did not recruit a ghost writer although as he says It probably would have been easier.The book was mentioned briefly in an episode of the US version of the improv comedy TV series Whose Line is it Anyway? a show which Drew himself hosted from 1998 to 2003.
 Taymyr (Russian: Таймыр) is a newspaper published in the Taymyrsky Dolgano-Nenetsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai of the Russian Federation published three times a week. Until 1994 it was printed under the designation Советский Таймыр (Soviet Taymyr).Besides Russia it publishes articles in several languages of the Northern peoples of Russia; it is the only newspaper to publish in Dolgan Nganasan and Enets.
 V.B.Rose (Japanese: V·B·ローズ Hepburn: V.B. Rōzu lit. Velvet Blue Rose) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Banri Hidaka. The manga was serialized in Hakusensha's shōjo magazine Hana to Yume from February 20 2004 to February 20 2009 ending at 83 chapters. The individual chapters were published into 14 bound volumes by Hakusensha from August 19 2004 to May 19 2009. The manga is licensed in North America by Tokyopop and in Italy by Jpop.
 Sons and Lovers is a 1913 novel by the English writer D. H. Lawrence. The Modern Library placed it ninth on their list of the 100 best novels of the 20th century. While the novel initially incited a lukewarm critical reception along with allegations of obscenity it is today regarded as a masterpiece by many critics and is often regarded as Lawrence's finest achievement.
 Russian Roulette is the tenth Alex Rider novel written by Anthony Horowitz. It serves as a prequel or a back-story to the Alex Rider series but mainly focuses on the childhood of the assassin that appears in many of the books Yassen Gregorovich.
 Acta Odontologica Scandinavica is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers dental research. The journal is published by Informa and is sponsored by the Dental Associations and Dental Schools in Denmark Finland Iceland Norway and Sweden with editorial responsibility alternating among these countries. The journal is currently edited by Peter Holbrook (University of Iceland) and was established in 1939.
 El espíritu de la música (Spanish: The spirit of music) is an 1832 Argentine book by Juan Bautista Alberdi. It is the first work of the author who wrote it during his studies.
 This England is a quarterly magazine published in England. It has a large readership among expatriates especially the elderly. It concentrates on what it perceives as the traditional values and customs of the English people particularly those of rural and small-town England.
 Cruises With Kathleen is a non-fiction outdoor literature book by Donald Hamilton.
 After I Win (ほしがりません!勝つまでは Hoshigarimasen! Katsumade wa) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kaname Itsuki. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on December 19 2007.
 Lad: A Dog is a 1919 American novel written by Albert Payson Terhune and published by E. P. Dutton. Composed of twelve short stories first published in magazines the novel is based on the life of Terhune's real-life rough collie Lad. Born in 1902 the real-life Lad was an unregistered collie of unknown lineage originally owned by Terhune's father.
 To All The Corners of the World (この世界の片隅に Kono Sekai no Katasumi ni) is a manga series written and illustrated by Fumiyo Kouno which ran from 2007 to 2009 in Weekly Manga Action. It follows the life of Suzu Urano a young bride with her new family living on the outskirts of Kure City during the Second World War. It is available on JManga under the title To All The Corners of the World. It will be adapted into an anime film.
 The Falcon's Feathers is a 1998 children's mystery novella by Ron Roy. It is the sixth book in the A to Z Mysteries series following the sleuthing adventures of Dink Josh and Ruth Rose.
 Mastering Perl published in 2007 by O'Reilly Media is the third book in their series of tutorials for the Perl programming language following Learning Perl and Intermediate Perl. The book is written by brian d foy.
 Muhyo and Roji's Bureau of Supernatural Investigation (ムヒョとロージーの魔法律相談事務所 Muhyo to Rōjī no Mahōritsu Sōdan Jimusho) is a manga series by Yoshiyuki Nishi. The series premiered in Japan in Weekly Shōnen Jump in December 2004 and ran until its conclusion in March 2008. It follows a young genius Magical Law Executor Toru Muhyo and his assistant Jiro Kusano as they track and find ghosts then send the spirits to heaven or hell depending on the account of their lives in his magical law book.
 Invisible Friends is a 1989 children's play by the British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. Often seen as a companion play to Woman in Mind it is about a teenager Lucy who escapes her unhappiness with her own family by reviving her imaginary childhood friend Zara who invites herself to stay with Lucy. Lucy's family however do not approve of this imaginative thinking and Zara helps Lucy to make them invisible which results in Lucy feeling much happier.
 Padatik (The Foot Soldier) first published in 1940 is a Bengali book of poems written by Subhash Mukhopadhyay. This was Mukhopadhyay's first published book. This book created a storm in Bengali literature. Mukhopadhyay wrote this book as a representative of a political party. Mukhopadhyay in his personal life was a consistent Marxist. In this book poet showed his zeal to redeem the poor and suffering masses from exploitation.
 Star Wars Journal: Hero for Hire is a 1998 young adult novel by science fiction author Donna Tauscher. The novel recounts the events of the film Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope (1977) from the point of view of one of its main characters Han Solo.The book is published by Scholastic and part of the Star Wars Journal Series.
 Ramona and Her Mother by Beverly Cleary is the fifth book of the popular Ramona series. Mr. Quimby has found another job though it is one he does not like very much. Ramona finds herself caught between being too young to stay home alone and too old to enjoy playing with pesky Willa Jean. She is trying to grow up but sometimes it seems like her family is making it harder. Ramona and Her Mother won the 1981 National Book Award.
 Snow Part (German: Schneepart) is a 1971 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan. It was published in an English translation in 2007.
 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 1964 children's book by British author Roald Dahl. The story features the adventures of young Charlie Bucket inside the chocolate factory of eccentric chocolatier Willy Wonka.Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was first published in the United States by Alfred A. Knopf Inc. in 1964 and in the United Kingdom by George Allen & Unwin in 1967.
 Pembrita Betawi (meaning Batavian Reporter) was a daily newspaper from Batavia (now Jakarta) Dutch East Indies which was published from 1884 until 1916. Established as a joint venture between the Indo journalists J. Kieffer and W. Meulenhoff the newspaper saw several changes of ownership until rights were acquired by Albrecht in 1887. Notable contributors include Lie Kim Hok and Tirto Adhi Soerjo.
 The Taranaki Daily News is a daily morning newspaper published in New Plymouth New Zealand. The paper was founded as the Taranaki News on May 14 1857 by friends of former Taranaki Province Superintendent Charles Brown. Brown was the first proprietor of the newspaper and he appointed his political supporter and former Taranaki Herald editor Richard Pheney as its editor.
 Jacob Have I Loved is a novel by Katherine Paterson that won the 1981 Newbery Medal. The title refers to the sibling rivalry between Jacob and Esau in the Jewish and Christian Bible and comes directly from Malachi 1:23: Jacob have I loved but Esau have I hated. The novel follows the story of the Bradshaws a family who depends on the father Truitt Bradshaw and his crabbing/fishing business on his boat the Portia Sue.
 Die Weltwoche (The World Week) is a Swiss weekly magazine based in Zürich. Founded in 1933 it has been privately owned by Roger Köppel since 2006.
 Aatelisneito porvaristyttö (Finnish: A Noble Maiden a Bourgeois Girl) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Witch & Wizard is the first novel of the Witch & Wizard series written by James Patterson & Gabrielle Charbonnet. It chronicles a dystopian future in which Whit and Wisty Allgood are arrested imprisoned and sentenced to execution during the uprising of a new totalitarian government for unknowingly possessing outlawed magical abilities. The novel was published on December 14 2009.
 The Weapon Makers is a science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt.The novel was originally serialized in Astounding Science Fiction from February–April 1943. The serial version was first published in book form in 1947 with a print run of 1000 copies. It was then thoroughly revised in 1952.
 The Bowl of Baal is a science fiction novel by Robert Ames Bennet. It was first published in book form in 1975 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1600 copies. The novel was originally serialized in All Around Magazine beginning in 1916.
 Scorpius first published in 1988 is the seventh novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond. Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton (the first original Bond novel not to be published by Jonathan Cape) and in the United States by Putnam.
 Killing Me Softly is a psychological thriller by Nicci French from 1999.
 The Krytos Trap (1996) is the third novel in the Star Wars: X-wing series. It was written by Michael A. Stackpole. It is set at the beginning of the New Republic Era in the Star Wars universe and focuses on the problems the New Republic has in occupying Coruscant.
 Far Out is a collection of 13 science fiction short stories by Damon Knight. The stories were originally published between 1949 and 1960 in Galaxy Magazine If Science Fiction and other science fiction magazines. There is an introduction by Anthony Boucher. The book contains the famous story To Serve Man which was later adapted for television.
 Théâtre Illuminata is a young-adult fantasy trilogy by Lisa Mantchev. Two books Eyes Like Stars (2009) and Perchance To Dream (2010) have been released with the third So Silver Bright due out in 2011.
 Finding Serenity: Anti-heroes Lost Shepherds and Space Hookers in Joss Whedon's Firefly is a compilation of essays edited by Jane Espenson with Glenn Yeffeth. The book was released in late 2004 following the cancellation of the television show Firefly.
 Do Good Design: How Designers Can Change The World is a book by Canadian designer David B. Berman with a foreword by Erik Spiekermann published by Peachpit Press in January 2009. The book was co-published by AIGA the world's largest-membership national design organization as part of the AIGA Press / New Riders cooperation.
 Neue Luzerner Zeitung (Neue LZ) is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published in Lucerne.
 Blick is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published by Ringier in Zurich.
 Managing Carmen is a 2012 play by David Williamson about a cross-dressing football player. Williamson:Brent isn’t gay he’s very heterosexual as about 90% of cross-dressers are but it’s still sufficiently unusual for him and his manager and the rest of the team to be terrified if the word gets out. I happen to know there’s been some very prominent very prominent AFL players who’ve been cross-dressers but no one ever knew about them going out and about in public.
 French Poets and Novelists is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1878. The book collected essays that James had written over the preceding several years. From an early age James was fluent in French and read widely in the country's literature. These essays show a deep familiarity with the techniques and themes of many French writers. The book also includes an interesting essay on Russian novelist Ivan Turgenev who James read in a German translation.
 The Last Word is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in the February 1957 issue of Satellite Science Fiction and has been reprinted twice in Far Out (1961) and The Best of Damon Knight (1976).
 The History of the Indian Tribes of North America is a three volume collection of Native American biographies and accompanying lithograph portraits originally published from 1836 to 1844 by Thomas McKenney and James Hall. The majority of the portraits were first painted in oil by Charles Bird King.
 Araz Azerbaijan is an Azerbaijani community newspaper published in London England.
 Oracle Night is a 2003 novel by American author Paul Auster.The novel is about a writer named Sidney Orr (a short Americanized version of the Polish surname Orlovsky) who after making a miraculous recovery from near fatal illness buys a new notebook and starts writing a story about a man who completely changed his life when he realised how much his existence was ruled by coincidence.
 Library Trends is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal founded in 1952 and published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press. It covers international developments and future directions in the fields of library and information science. It includes analysis of research and writing critical opinion and reviews. Each issue is devoted to a single topic of interest.
 The Void Captain's Tale is a 1983 science fiction novel by the American author Norman Spinrad. The Void Captain's Tale takes place three or four thousand years in the future in a fictional universe called the Second Starfaring Age a setting Spinrad revisited in the 1985 novel Child of Fortune. The book contains elements of confession love story eroticism and horror.
 Journey to Ixtlan is the third book by Carlos Castaneda published as a work of non-fiction by Simon & Schuster in 1972. It is about an alleged apprenticeship to the Yaqui shaman Don Juan.The title of this book is taken from an allegory that is recounted to Castaneda by his benefactor who is known to Carlos as Don Genaro ( Genaro Flores ) a close friend of his teacher don Juan Matus.
 Večernji list (English: Evening paper) is a Croatian daily newspaper published in Zagreb.
 Xenozoic Tales is an alternative comic book by Mark Schultz set in a post-apocalyptic future. Publication began in 1986 with the story Xenozoic! included in the comic anthology Death Rattle. This was shortly followed by Xenozoic Tales #1 in February 1987. The comic series ran for 14 issues and has been reprinted by several publishers including Kitchen Sink Press Marvel and Dark Horse.
 The Diving Bell and the Butterfly (original French title: Le Scaphandre et le Papillon) is a memoir by journalist Jean-Dominique Bauby. It describes what his life is like after suffering a massive stroke that left him with locked-in syndrome. It also details what his life was like before the stroke.On 9 December 1995 Bauby the editor-in-chief of French Elle magazine suffered a stroke and lapsed into a coma.
 The Journal of Southeast Asian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering scholarly studies on Southeast Asia (Brunei Cambodia Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar the Philippines East Timor Singapore Thailand and Vietnam). It publishes articles from a wide range of disciplines in the humanities and social sciences. The journal's extensive book review section includes works in Southeast Asian languages.
 An Awfully Big Adventure is a novel written by Beryl Bainbridge. It was short listed for the Booker Prize in 1990 and adapted as a movie in 1995. The story was inspired by Bainbridge's own experiences working at the Liverpool Playhouse in her youth.
 La Vieillesse is an essay by Simone de Beauvoir which was published on 23 January 1970.
 Black Swan Green is a semi-autobiographical bildungsroman written by David Mitchell. It was published in April 2006 in the U.S. and May 2006 in the UK. The novel's thirteen chapters each represent one month—from January 1982 through January 1983—in the life of 13-year-old Worcestershire boy Jason Taylor.
 Memory is a science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold first published in October 1996. It is a part of the Vorkosigan Saga and is the eleventh full-length novel in publication order.
 Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover is a 2009 teen-fiction novel written by Ally Carter. It is the sequel to Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy and the third book in the Gallagher Girls series. It was published on June 9 2009. The cover was released on March 19 2009. As of February 28 2009 author Ally Carter posted mini-excerpts of the book on her blog with the promise that while they would be in the book they might be misleading.
 Shelter is the first novel of the Mickey Bolitar young-adult series by American crime writer Harlan Coben. The novel was first published on September 15 2011 through Orion Books.
 The Rhetoric of Reaction: Perversity Futility Jeopardy is a book by theorist Albert O. Hirschman which styles the rhetoric of conservativism in opposition to social change as consisting of three narratives: perversity futility and jeopardy and that further these narratives are simplistic and flawed and cut off debate. Hirschman illustrates this thesis with examples from the French revolution and 19th and 20th centuries.
 A Secular Age is a book written by the philosopher Charles Taylor which was published in 2007 by Harvard University Press. The noted sociologist Robert Bellah has referred to A Secular Age as one of the most important books to be written in my lifetime.
 Fallen Dragon is a science fiction novel by Peter F. Hamilton. It was first published in 2001 by Macmillan. It follows the adventures of the mercenary Lawrence Newton as he attempts to capture what he believes is a fabulous treasure only to find something of much greater importance.
 Brain and Cognition is an American scientific journal founded in 1982. It covers the fields of cognitive neuroscience and psychophysiology.
 Mike is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published on 15 September 1909 by Adam & Charles Black London.
 You've Had Your Time full title: You've Had Your Time: Being the Second Part of the Confessions of Anthony Burgess is the second volume of Anthony Burgess's autobiography. Preceded by Little Wilson and Big God and first published by Heinemann in 1990 it covers a period of 30 years from Burgess's return to England from Malaya in 1959 through his time in Malta and Rome and culminating in his move to Monaco.
 Quality & Quantity is an interdisciplinary double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal dealing with methodological issues in the fields of economics psychology and sociology. The research that is published includes empirical research and theoretical articles. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 The Tale of Johnny Town-Mouse is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in December 1918. The tale is based on the Aesop fable The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse with details taken from Horace's Satires 2.6.79-117. It tells of a country mouse and a city mouse who visit each other in their respective homes. After sampling the other's way of life both express a decided preference for their own.
 Little Men or Life at Plumfield with Jo's Boys is a novel by American author Louisa May Alcott first published in 1871. The novel reprises characters from Little Women and is considered by some the second book of an unofficial Little Women trilogy which is completed with Alcott's 1886 novel Jo's Boys and How They Turned Out: A Sequel to Little Men. Little Men tells the story of Jo Bhaer and the children at Plumfield Estate School.
 The Jewish War or Judean War (in full Flavius Josephus's Books of the History of the Jewish War against the Romans Greek: Φλαυίου Ἰωσήπου ἱστορία Ἰουδαϊκοῦ πολέμου πρὸς Ῥωμαίους βιβλία Phlauiou Iōsēpou historia Ioudaikou polemou pros Rōmaious biblia) also referred to in English as The Wars of the Jews is a book written by Josephus a Jewish historian of the 1st century.
 The Snake's Pass is an 1890 novel by Bram Stoker. It centers on the troubled legend of Saint Patrick defeating the King of the Snakes in Ireland. The novel also centers on the troubled romance between the main character and a local peasant girl. The Snake’s Pass was Bram Stoker’s second imperial fiction novel. The novel was first published in the United Kingdom in 1890. The novel is a precursor to Stoker’s Dracula but was his only novel written in his native land of Ireland.
 Bâtard is a short story by Jack London first published in 1902 under the title Diable — A Dog in The Cosmopolitan before being renamed to Bâtard in 1904. The story follows Black Leclère and Bâtard two devils one in man and the other in a wolfdog. Their intense hatred of each other forms the plot as they both want to kill the other despite having a master and pet relationship.
 So You Want To Be a Wizard is the first book in the Young Wizards series currently consisting of nine books by Diane Duane. It was written in 1982 and published in the next year.In 2012 a revised New Millennium Edition was published.
 Air Force Times is a weekly newspaper serving active reserve and retired United States Air Force and Air National Guard personnel and their families providing news information and analysis as well as community and lifestyle features educational supplements and resource guides.Air Force Times is published by Gannett Government Media part of Gannett.
 The Safe House is a 1975 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about the fate of Jews and Nazis after World War II.
 The Black Stranger is one of the stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian it was produced in the 1930s but not published in his lifetime. When the original Conan version of the story failed to find a publisher Howard re-wrote The Black Stranger into a piratical Terence Vulmea story.The original version of the story was later rewritten by L. Sprague de Camp into a different Conan story and published in Fantasy Magazine for February 1953.
 Cat's Cradle is the fourth novel by American writer Kurt Vonnegut first published in 1963. It explores issues of science technology and religion satirizing the arms race and many other targets along the way.
 The Planet That Wasn't is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It was the twelfth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. These essays were first published between December 1974 and April 1976. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1976.
 The Second Corps of Discovery: 1811 Journal of the Jackson and Clark Expeditionary Force is a 2011 alternative history novel written by F. Scott Key and translated by Matsu Ri. It is presented in a chronicle format from the daily journal of F. Scott Key who documented his involvement with the Expedition from 1811 to 1812. The story depicts a follow-up attempt to reach the Pacific Coast after the original Lewis and Clark Expedition was considered lost.
 Última Hora is a newspaper published in Paraguay. It was founded in 1973 with Isaac Kostianovsky known as Kostia its founding editor. Founded as an evening newspaper it launched a morning edition in 1999 and ceased publication of the evening edition in 2002. It launched a Sunday edition in 2004 after 30 years of operating Monday-to-Saturday.The parent company Editorial El País was taken over by Antonio J. Vierci in March 2003.
 Conversation in the Cathedral is a 1969 novel by Peruvian writer and essayist Mario Vargas Llosa recognized as one of his major works. It is a portrayal of Peru under the dictatorship of Manuel A. Odría in the 1950s and deals with the lives of characters from different social strata. The ambitious narrative is built around the stories of Santiago Zavala and Ambrosio respectively; one the son of a minister the other his chauffeur.
 This article refers to the stage play. For other adaptations see The Front Page (disambiguation)The Front Page is a hit Broadway comedy about tabloid newspaper reporters on the police beat written by former Chicago reporters Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur which was first produced in 1928. The play has been adapted for the cinema several times.
 Virgin Night (初夜ヴァージン・ナイト Shoya Bājin Naito) is a Japanese erotic manga series by Yutaka Tanaka. It was adapted into an OVA anime in 2001.
 Skydive! is the eleventh novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on May 2 1996 by Random House.
 Newtype (ニュータイプ Nyūtaipu) is a monthly magazine publication originating from Japan covering anime and manga (and to a lesser extent tokusatsu Japanese science fiction and video games). It was launched by publishing company Kadokawa Shoten on March 8 1985 with its April issue and has since seen regular release on the 10th of every month in its home country. Newtype Korea is published in Korea.
 The Bottoms is an Edgar Award winning suspense novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale.
 Organometallics is a journal published by the American Chemical Society. Its area of focus is organometallic as well as organometalloid chemistry. This peer-reviewed journal received an Impact Factor of 4.145 as reported by the 2012 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters.The current Editor-in-Chief is John A.
 Confessions (Latin: Confessiones) is the name of an autobiographical work consisting of 13 books by St. Augustine of Hippo written in Latin between AD 397 and AD 398. Modern English translations of it are sometimes published under the title The Confessions of St. Augustine in order to distinguish the book from other books with similar titles. Its original title was Confessions in Thirteen Books and it was composed to be read out loud with each book being a complete unit.
 Uncle Sam is a two-part prestige format comic book mini-series published by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint in 1997. It was written by Steve Darnall with art by Alex Ross.
 The Gift Outright is a poem written by Robert Frost. Frost first recited it at the College of William & Mary on December 5 1941 but its most famous recitation occurred on January 20 1961 at the inauguration of John F. Kennedy.
 Systems Biology in Reproductive Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the use of systems approaches including genomic cellular proteomic metabolomic bioinformatic molecular and biochemical to address fundamental questions in reproductive biology reproductive medicine and translational research. The journal publishes research involving human and animal gametes stem cells developmental biology toxicology and clinical care in reproductive medicine.
 There Are More Things is a short story written by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges in 1975. It was first published in the short story collection The Book of Sand as the collection's fourth short story. The story tells of the encounter the narrator has with a monstrous extraterrestrial inhabiting an equally monstrous house. Written in memory of H. P. Lovecraft the narrative holds many parallels with many of Lovecraft's stories employing similar plot devices.
 The Digging Leviathan is a science fiction novel written by James Blaylock. It was first published in 1984 by Ace Books. The source was Blaylock's first novel The Chinese Circus which was never finished.
 Sleep is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on sleep. It is the official journal of the Associated Professional Sleep Societies and sponsored by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine and the Sleep Research Society. The journal was established in 1978 and the editor-in-chief is David Dinges (University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine).
 Research on Language and Computation was a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in computational linguistics and natural language processing. It was established in 2003 and ceased publication in December 2010. The journal was published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 The High Frontier: Human Colonies in Space is a 1976 book by Gerard K. O'Neill a road map for what the United States might do in outer space after the Apollo program the drive to place a man on the Moon. It envisions large manned habitats in the Earth-Moon system especially near stable Lagrangian points. Three designs are proposed: Island one (a modified Bernal sphere) Island two (a Stanford torus) and Island 3 two O'Neill cylinders.
 All-Star Western was the name of three American comic book series published by DC Comics each a Western fiction omnibus featuring both continuing characters and anthological stories. The first ran from 1951 to 1961 the second from 1970 to 1972 and the third is part of The New 52 released in September 2011.
 Guignol's Band is a 1944 novel by the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline. Set in the mid 1910s the narrative revolves around Ferdinand an invalided French World War I veteran who lives in exile in London and follows his small businesses and interacting with prostitutes. It was followed by a sequel London Bridge: Guignol's Band II published posthumously in 1964.
 Physics and Chemistry of Minerals is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal publishes articles and short communications on minerals or solids related to minerals and covers applications of modern techniques or new theories and models to interpret atomic structures and physical of chemical properties of minerals.
 The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate is a 1995 book by Gary Chapman. It outlines five ways to express and experience love that Chapman calls love languages: gifts quality time words of affirmation acts of service and physical touch. Chapman's book claims that the list of five love languages is exhaustive. Chapman argues that emotionally people need to receive love.
 Look Homeward Angel is an acclaimed 1957 stage play by the playwright Ketti Frings. It opened on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre November 28 1957 and ran for a total of 564 performances closing on April 4 1959.The play is based on Thomas Wolfe's largely autobiographical novel of the same title which was published in 1929.In 1958 Ketti Frings won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award.
 The Dragon Who Ate His Tail is a collection of short stories screenplay fragments and manuscript facsimiles by Ray Bradbury. It was published by Gauntlet Press in 2007 as a chapbook. The title story was previously unpublished.
 Dead White Males is a 1995 play by David Williamson.
 Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle (ツバサ-RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE- Tsubasa: Rezaboa Kuronikuru) is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by the manga artist group Clamp. It takes place in the same fictional universe as many of Clamp's other manga series most notably xxxHolic. The plot follows how Sakura the princess of the Kingdom of Clow loses her soul and how Syaoran a young archaeologist who is her childhood friend goes on a quest to save her.
 The Act of Marriage: The Beauty of Sexual Love is a self-help book written by Christian writers Tim and Beverly LaHaye.
 NeuroRehabilitation is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of neurological rehabilitation including stroke spinal cord injury traumatic brain injury neuromuscular disease and other neurological disorders. It occasionally publishes issues that focus on a particular theme. The editors-in-chief are Nathan D. Zasler (University of Virginia) and Jeffrey S. Kreutzer (Virginia Commonwealth University).
 The Return (Återkomsten) is a 1995 novel by Håkan Nesser translated into English in 2007 by Laurie Thompson.
 Kyle's Bed & Breakfast is a syndicated comic strip by Greg Fox.
 Candis is a monthly magazine targeted at families and healthy living. It is designed as a members’ publication with a focus on health articles competitions and arranging discounts for members on a range of services.
 Kai Lung: Six is a collection of fantasy stories by Ernest Bramah featuring Kai Lung an itinerant story-teller of ancient China. It was first published as a limited edition of 250 copies in hardcover in Tacoma Washington by The Non-Profit Press in 1974.The collection gathers into book form for the first time the final six Kai Lung stories published by the author during his lifetime all of which originally appeared in the magazine Punch.
 Every Nation for Itself: Winners and Losers in a G-Zero World[1] is a 2012 non-fiction book by Ian Bremmer that explains the growing G-Zero power vacuum in international politics as no country or group of countries has the political and economic leverage to drive an international agenda or provide global public goods.
 The Professional Psychology: Research and Practice is a peer-reviewed English language journal published six times per year by the American Psychological Association (APA). The journal “publishes conceptual and data-based articles on the issues and methods involved in the practice of psychology. Topics encompass a broad range including health psychology community psychology family psychology forensic psychology and clinical neuropsychology”. The editor-in-chief is Ronald T.
 Duetto (デュエット Deyuetto) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Aoi Kujyou. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on 19 December 2007. It's the winner of New Jersey's Ultimate Animu award.
 Hospitals-Meddelelser (Hospital Communications) was a Danish medical journal founded by Carl Edvard Marius Levy and published from 1848 to 1856. Søren Eskildsen Larsen the chief surgeon at Almindelig Hospital was co-editor from 1848 to 1853.
 Bibliotheca Herpetologica: A Journal of the History and Bibliography of Herpetology is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the history of herpetology and its bibliography. It is published by the [International Society for the History and Bibliography of Herpetology]. The journal was established in May 1999 as the International Society for the History and Bibliography of Herpetology Newsletter and Bulletin and obtained its current title in 2005 (volume 5 issue 2).
 On Food And Cooking: The Science And Lore Of The Kitchen is a book by Harold McGee published by Scribner in the United States in 1984 and revised extensively for a 2004 second edition. It is published by Hodder & Stoughton in Britain under the title McGee on Food and Cooking: An Encyclopedia of Kitchen Science History and Culture.The book provides a reference to the scientific understanding and preparation of food.
 Second Skin is a 1964 novel by John Hawkes.
 Jumping the Queue (1983) is British novelist Mary Wesley´s first adult novel published when the author was seventy years old. The story takes place mainly in Cornwall England and follows a middle aged widow's struggle with guilt and self-reproach after the death of her husband and her determination to jump the queue – commit suicide.
 The Trickster of Seville and the Stone Guest (Spanish: El burlador de Sevilla y convidado de piedra) is a play by Tirso de Molina. Its title varies according to the English translation and it has also been published under the titles The Seducer of Seville and the Stone Guest and The Playboy of Seville and the Stone Guest. The play was first published in Spain around 1630 though it may have been performed as early as 1616.
 Howl of the Werewolf is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Jonathan Green and illustrated by Martin McKenna. It was published in 2007 by Wizard Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 29th in the Wizard series. It is the first completely original Fighting Fantasy gamebook published by Wizard (Eye of the Dragon is an extended version of the adventure from Ian Livingstone's earlier book Dicing with Dragons).
 Our Twisted Hero is a South Korean novel written by Yi Munyol. It was first published by World Literature (hangul:세계의 문학) on June 1987. Yi Munyol was awarded the 1987 Yi Sang Literary Award for the novel. This book was a big hit in South Korea and was even later made into the 1992 film adaptation Our Twisted Hero directed by Park Jongwon.It has been translated into English by Kevin O'Rourke and published by Hyperion East in 2001.
 Al Watan (Arabic: الوطن‎ meaning The Homeland ) is a daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia. The chairman of the newspaper is Bandar bin Khalid.Al Watan's main publishing centre was at Abha in the south of the country close to the Yemen border. The paper was based in the Asir province the south-west of Saudi Arabia. However later its headquarters was moved to Jeddah. In addition it has publishing facilities in London New York Amman and Cairo.
 Don't Look Back (Norwegian: Se deg ikke tilbake! 1996) is a novel by Norwegian writer Karin Fossum the second to feature Inspector Konrad Sejer. The novel won the Glass Key Award in 1997.
 The Complete Peanuts is a series of books containing the entire run of Charles M. Schulz's long-running newspaper comic strip Peanuts. A new book in the series is released every six months each containing two years of strips (except for the first volume which includes 1950–1952 just under three months longer though there were no Sunday strips in 1950-51). Slipcased sets of two volumes are also available.
 The OC Post was a daily newspaper for Orange County California that existed from August 21 2006 to February 2008. Chartered by Freedom Communications who also own and operate the Orange County Register it was an attempt to condense a standard newspaper into a more modern tabloid format.Unlike other new tabloid style newspapers throughout the US the OC Post charged for its publication whether for home delivery or newsstand.
 Giovanni's Room is James Baldwin's second novel first published in 1956.
 Daisy Pulls It Off is a comedy play by Denise Deegan. It is a parody of wholesome adventure stories about life in a 1920s girls' English boarding school such as those by Angela Brazil. The original production of the play opened at the Nuffield Theatre in 1983 and ran for 1180 performances.
 Really Old Like Forty Five is a play by Tamsin Oglesby. It received its world premiere at the National Theatre's Cottesloe on 3 February 2010 following previews from 27 January 2010. The production was directed by Anna Mackmin designed by Lez Brotherston with lighting by Mark Henderson.
 Blooms of Dublin is a musical play or operetta by Anthony Burgess. The work was first performed for the Dublin Joyce Centenary in 1982 by BBC radio. The operetta is based on James Joyce's Ulysses.
 Journal of Mental Health is a bi-monthly journal established in March 1992 by Ray Hodgson (University of Wales College of Medicine Centre of Applied Public Health Medicine Cardiff).
 The Lime Twig (1961) is a novel by experimental American writer John Hawkes.
 A Son of the Celestial is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published on 15 January 1893 in The Hesperian.
 The Man of the Crowd is a short story written by Edgar Allan Poe about a nameless narrator following a man through a crowded London first published in 1840.
 The Sight is a children's fantasy novel. It was released April 24 2007 and it is the first installment of the Warriors: Power of Three series by Erin Hunter. This book was recommended as Children's Summer reading by the Washington Post Children's Book Club.
 Kay the Left-Handed is a historical novel by Leslie Barringer set in twelfth century England. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Heinemann in 1935; an American edition from Doubleday followed later the same year.
 The Historian is a history journal published quarterly by Blackwell Publishing on behalf of the history honor society Phi Alpha Theta. The journal was established in 1938. The Historian publishes original articles and book reviews in all areas of historical scholarship.
 The Chicago Maroon the independent student newspaper of the University of Chicago is a twice-weekly publication that traces its founding to 1892. During autumn winter and spring quarters of the academic year the Maroon publishes every Tuesday and Friday. The paper consists of four sections: news opinion (Viewpoints) arts and sports.
 Cyclecraft (ISBN 978-0-11-703740-3) is a British cycling skills manual written by John Franklin and now published by The Stationery Office. It is the foundation of Bikeability the UK's national standard for cycle training.
 Saville is a Booker Prize-winning novel by English writer David Storey.
 Courtney Crumrin is an independent comic book series written and illustrated by Ted Naifeh and released through Oni Press.
 The Ghost Drum is a children's fantasy novel by Susan Price published by Faber in 1987 and the first book in the Ghost World trilogy (1987 to 1995). It is an original fairy tale using elements from Russian history and Russian folklore. Like many traditional tales it is full of cruelty violence and sudden death.Price won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.Farrar Straus and Giroux published a U.S.
 Stupid Kids is a play by John C. Russell first published by Dramatists Play Service Inc. of New York and first performed in 1991. Very similar in tone plot and characters to the film Rebel Without a Cause the play follows four students at Joe McCarthy High.Subsequent to its New York run it played in Seattle and Boston and was well-reviewed by Curtain-Up.
 Mergers & Acquisitions is a monthly magazine providing news commentary and analysis about the burgeoning middle market providing analysis regarding private equity and cross-border Mergers and acquisitions.
 Desire (ヤバイ気持ち Yabai Kimochi) is a yaoi manga written by Maki Kazumi and illustrated by Yukine Honami. It was published in October 2004 by Digital Manga Publishing Inc. A novelisation called 'Desire: Dangerous Feelings' was also produced.
 A Walk in the Sun is a science fiction short story published in 1991 by Geoffrey A. Landis. It won the 1992 Hugo Award for Best Short Story the 1992 Asimov's Reader Poll Award and was nominated for the 1992 Locus Award.
 Nightjohn is a young adult novel by Gary Paulsen first published in 1993. It is about slavery in the American South shortly before the time of the American Civil War. It was later made into a movie of the same name.
 Pormestarin tytär (Finnish: The Daughter of the Mayor) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Publications of the Astronomical Society of Australia is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of astrophysics and astronomy. The editor-in-chief is Bryan Gaensler (University of Sydney). It is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Astronomical Society of Australia.
 Spécialités de la Maison is a cookbook containing more than 200 recipes by a wide array of early 20th Century celebrities and socialites. The book was originally published in 1940 under the direction of Anne Morgan in order to raise funds for her nonprofit organization the American Friends of France which sought to bring relief to the French population in wartime.
 The Last Olympian is a fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology by Rick Riordan published on May 5 2009. It is the fifth and final novel of the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series and serves as the direct sequel to The Battle of the Labyrinth. The Last Olympian revolves around the demigod Percy Jackson as he leads his friends in a last stand to protect Mount Olympus.
 Guilty Pleasures is a 1993 horror and mystery novel by Laurell K. Hamilton and is the first book in the New York Times bestselling Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series. The novel introduces the character of Anita Blake a vampire hunter and necromancer who works in an alternate history where magic vampires werewolves and other supernatural elements exist. The novel blends elements of supernatural and hardboiled detective fiction.
 The Journal of Sir Walter Scott is a diary which the novelist and poet Walter Scott kept between 1825 and 1832. It records the financial disaster which overtook him at the beginning of 1826 and the efforts he made over the next seven years to pay off his debts by writing bestselling books. Since its first complete publication in 1890 it has attracted high praise being considered by many critics one of the finest diaries in the language.
 The Underdark sourcebook for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting of the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 ChuChu is a Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Shogakukan for early teen girls (about 11–14 years old). ChuChu became a monthly published shōjo manga magazine as a separation from Ciao in December 2005. On October 26 2009 Shogakukan announced that it would be cancelling ChuChu as well as two other manga magazines.
 Asimov's Mysteries published in 1968 is a collection of 14 short stories by Isaac Asimov almost all of them science fiction mysteries (although as Asimov admits in the introduction some are only borderline).
 Fashion Beast is a 2012 ten issue limited series and screen play by Alan Moore Malcolm McLaren and Antony Johnston. The series is an adaptation of a 1980s script that Moore wrote based upon the fairy tale Beauty and the Beast.
 The World of Narue (Japanese: 成恵の世界 Hepburn: Narue no Sekai) is an anime and manga series about Izuka Kazuto and his half-alien girlfriend Narue Nanase. The title is named after A.E. van Vogt's The World of Null-A (Japanese title: 非Aの世界 Naru ē no Sekai).The manga spanning 12 volumes as of August 2011 is authored by Tomohiro Marukawa and published by Kadokawa Shoten since 2000.
 The Punisher is a Marvel comic book series featuring the character Frank Castle also known as the Punisher. This volume of Punisher continues the tradition of Matt Fraction's War Journal series and Rick Remender's previous Punisher series and places the character firmly in the ongoing Marvel Universe inhabited by superheroes such as the Avengers and Spider-Man.
 Murphy's Revenge is the second novel of the Martin Murphy series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman published on 4 April 2005 through Headline Publishing Group.
 The NewsPress (and Sunday NewsPress) is a six-day-a-week evening daily newspaper published in Stillwater Oklahoma USA. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.In addition to Stillwater the NewsPress covers the Payne County communities of Cushing Glencoe Perkins Ripley and Yale; the Noble County communities of Morrison and Perry; Pawnee in Pawnee County; and Coyle in Logan County.
 The Montana Kaimin is the University of Montana's student-run independent newspaper located in Missoula Mont. The daily paper is printed four times a week Tuesday through Friday with special editions printed occasionally. The current editor-in-chief is Jayme Fraser.
 Stolen a fantasy novel written by Canadian author Kelley Armstrong is the second book in the Women of the Otherworld series.
 CFO is a monthly magazine published in the United States. It was launched in 1985 for chief financial officers (CFOs) and other financial executives in companies in the U.S. The Economist Group acquired the magazine in 1988 and sold it in 2010 to the private equity firm Seguin Partners. It carries a mixture of regional and global content aimed at CFOs and other decision makers in their respective industries. CFO magazine reaches 440000 individually qualified readers.
 Molecular Biology and Evolution is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal owned and edited by the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution and published by Oxford University Press. It publishes work in the intersection of molecular biology and evolutionary biology. The founding editors-in-chief were Walter Fitch and Masatoshi Nei; the present editor-in-chief is Sudhir Kumar.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 10.353.
 London is a historical novel by Edward Rutherfurd published in 1997. The story begins with the birth of the River Thames. It then moves to 54 BC and details the life of the young boy Segovax a curious character with slightly webbed hands and a flash of white hair. It is this boy who becomes the ancestor of both the Ducket and Dogget families.The novel spans two millennia leading up to the present time.
 Libération is a daily francophone Moroccan newspaper.
 Penrod and Sam is a novel by Booth Tarkington that was first published in 1916. The book is the sequel to his 1914 work Penrod and focuses more on the relationship between the main character of the previous book Penrod Schofield and his best friend Sam Williams. More of Penrod's adventures appear in the final book of the series Penrod Jashber (1929). The three books were published together in one volume Penrod: His Complete Story in 1931.
 The Color of Death is the seventh historical mystery novel about Sir John Fielding by Bruce Alexander (a pseudonym for Bruce Cook).
 The Underpants is the most recent adaptation of the 1910 German farce Die Hose by the playwright Carl Sternheim. The adaptation was written by Steve Martin. It was produced at New York City's Off-Broadway theater Classic Stage Company from April 4 2002 through April 28 2002. The play a farcical send-up of bourgeois snobbery and conformity was directed by Barry Edelstein and featured Cheryl Lynn Bowers and Byron Jennings as Louise and Theo Maske.
 Sweets and Other Stories is the 2009 debut novel by soul singer Andre Williams. It features an introduction by author Nick Tosches and an editor's note by Miriam Linna of Kicks Books.
 The Last Save of Moyacyr Barbosa (Italian: L'ultima parata di Moacyr Barbosa) is a book by Darwin Pastorin describing the life and times of the Brazilian goolkeeper of the 1950 World Cup Moacyr Barbosa. Barbosa failed to stop a shot by Uruguay in the Final and was treated as a pariah in many parts of Brazil for the rest of his life.
 The Cop and the Anthem is a December 1904 short story by the United States author O. Henry. It includes several of the classic elements of an O. Henry story including a setting in New York City an empathetic look at the state of mind of a member of the lower class and an ironic ending.
 Steeltown Rockers was a comic book limited series published from April to September 1990 by Marvel Comics. It followed a group of teenagers and young adults during the formation of a rock band.
 Specters of Marx: The State of the Debt the Work of Mourning & the New International (French: Spectres de Marx: l'état de la dette le travail du deuil et la nouvelle Internationale) is a 1993 book by French philosopher Jacques Derrida first published by Éditions Galilée. It was first presented as a series of lectures during a conference “Whither Marxism?” on the future of Marxism held at the University of California Riverside in 1993.
 In the Shadow of Midnight is a 1994 historical novel by Canadian author Marsha Canham the second instalment of her Medieval trilogy set in 13th-century England. The story centres on the rescue of Princess Eleanor of Brittany the rightful heiress to the English throne who is held captive by her uncle King John. The novel was published by Dell Publishing in 1994 as a sequel to Canham's 1991 story Through a Dark Mist.A dream inspired Canham to reinterprete the legend of Robin Hood.
 Saved by the Light (Villard Books 1994 Harper Torch 1995 ISBN 0-06-100889-3) is a book by Dannion Brinkley describing his near-death experience (NDE). Brinkley was struck by lightning and was clinically dead for approximately twenty-eight minutes. Upon reviving he told a tale of a dark tunnel a crystal city and a cathedral of knowledge where thirteen angels shared with him over a hundred revelations about the future -- some of which have supposedly come true.
 Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru (処女はお姉さまに恋してる lit. The Maidens Are Falling in Love with Me) commonly known as Otoboku (おとボク) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Caramel Box and released on January 28 2005 playable on Windows PCs. The game was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable (PSP) with the adult content removed. The Windows version was released in English by MangaGamer in 2012.
 Environmental Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles reviews and discussions relevant to all areas of environmental philosophy. The journal was established in 2004 and is edited by Ted Toadvine at the University of Oregon. It is sponsored by the International Association for Environmental Philosophy and is published by the Philosophy Documentation Center. The journal is published twice yearly in May and November issues.
 The Blood Doctor is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell written under the pseudonym Barbara Vine.
 The Socialist Review is the monthly magazine of the British Socialist Workers Party. As well as being printed it is also published online.
 Cut Numbers is the first novel by Nick Tosches. It involves small time criminals struggling to maintain the financial viability of their cut numbers game after the implementation of the New York Lottery. They establish an elaborate scheme to fix the legitimate state lottery. The main character is Louie Brunellesches who also appears in Tosches' novel In The Hand Of Dante
 Le Réveil du Tadla (The Awakening of Tadla) was a French-language weekly newspaper published from Kasba Tadla Morocco. The newspaper was founded in 1929. Its director was Louis Pouch and its editor-in-chief was Gaston Plateau.
 Grey Area is the second collection of short stories by the author Will Self.
 Economics Letters is a scholarly peer-reviewed journal of economics that publishes concise communications (letters) that provide a means of rapid and efficient dissemination of new results models and methods in all fields of economic research. Published by Elsevier. The current editor of the journal is Eric Maskin.The journal was established in 1978 and the current editors-in-chief are Badi H. Baltagi Andrew Samwick Pierre-Daniel Sarte Roberto Serrano.
 The Star Virus is the first science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley expanded from a 1964 short story originally published in New Worlds. The plot centers around the attempts of humanity the star virus of the title to break through a barrier around the galaxy.
 The Matter of Seggri is a novelette written by Ursula K. Le Guin. It was first published in 1994 in the third issue of Crank! a science fiction - fantasy anthology and has since been printed in number of other publications. Most recently it was published in 2002 in Le Guin's collection of short stories titled The Birthday of the World: and Other Stories. “The Matter of Seggri” also won the James Tiptree Jr.
 Al-Arab or Alarab (Arabic العرب meaning The Arabs) is a pan-Arab newspaper published from London England and sold in a number of countries.
 The Good Guy is a thriller novel by American author Dean Koontz which was released on May 29 2007.
 For Love of Mother-Not (1983) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the first chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series though it was written fourth as a prequel to help flesh out Flinx’s early history.
 Hi Izuru Tokoro no Tenshi (日出処の天子 Emperor of the Land of the Rising Sun) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Ryoko Yamagishi. It tells a fictionalised account of Prince Shōtoku a political figure of sixth-century Japan who spread Buddhism and his unrequited love for Soga no Emishi which is very unlike the traditionally known stories of these people. It was serialized in Hakusensha's LaLa from 1980 to 1984.
 Speculative Grammarian (often referred to as SpecGram) is the self-described premier scholarly journal featuring research in the neglected field of satirical linguistics. It is a parody science journal similar in nature to the Annals of Improbable Research or the Journal of Irreproducible Results but with content focusing on linguistics and closely related fields. It has also been compared to The Onion but for linguists.
 The Last Invisible Boy is a 2008 children's fiction book by Evan Kuhlman. The book was first published in hardback on October 21 2008 through Atheneum Books for Young Readers. The work follows Finn a young boy dealing with the sudden death of his father.
 Abercrombie Station is a science fiction short story written in 1952 by American author Jack Vance. It first appeared in the February 1952 issue of Thrilling Wonder Stories. In 1965 it was retitled Monsters in Orbit and published in an Ace Double edition. In 1976 it was reprinted with the original title in The Best of Jack Vance (Pocket Books). Most recently it appeared in Hard Luck Diggings: The Early Jack Vance published in 2010 by Subterranean Press.
 The Mystery of Marie Rogêt often subtitled A Sequel to The Murders in the Rue Morgue is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe written in 1842. This is the first murder mystery based on the details of a real crime. It first appeared in Snowden's Ladies' Companion in three installments November and December 1842 and February 1843.
 One For The Road is a travel book by Bjørn Christian Tørrissen first published in 2008. The book was translated from Norwegian where it was published under the title I pose og sekk! (2005).
 The First Domino is a fictional English play about a terrorist bomber written by Jonathan Cash who was injured in the 1999 bombing of the Admiral Duncan pub in Soho London.In 1999 Cash was standing in the bar when the third and final nail-bomb in a campaign targeting minorities exploded. He received compensation and used it to fund a university course in Dramatic Writing.
 The Pacific Journal of Mathematics (ISSN 0030-8730) is a mathematics research journal supported by a number of American Asian and Australian universities and research institutes and currently published on their behalf by Mathematical Sciences Publishers a non-profit academic publishing organisation.It was founded in 1951 by František Wolf and Edwin F. Beckenbach and has been published continuously since with five two-issue volumes per year.
 Reign in Hell is a 1997 novel by William Diehl.
 Excalibur is a 1973 Arthurian fantasy novel by American writer Sanders Anne Laubenthal. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the sixtieth volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in August 1973 and has been reprinted a number of times since.
 The Motion of Light in Water: Sex and Science Fiction Writing in the East Village is an autobiography by science fiction author Samuel R. Delany in which he recounts his experiences as growing up a gay African American as well as some of his time in an interracial and open marriage.[citation needed] It describes encounters with Albert Einstein Bob Dylan and Stokely Carmichael a dinner with W. H. Auden and a phone call to James Baldwin.
 War from the Ground Up: Twenty-First Century Combat as Politics is a 2012 book on war and military strategy written by Emile Simpson a former British Army officer. The book analyzes the War in Afghanistan (2001–present) in terms of Carl von Clausewitz's theory of war arguing that modern counter-insurgencies have more in common with domestic political struggles than the traditional state-on-state conflicts described by Clausewitz.
 The Sand Pebbles is a 1962 novel by American author Richard McKenna about a Yangtze River gunboat and its crew in 1926. Prior to its publication by Harper & Row the book was featured in the Saturday Evening Post and later used as the storyline for a movie of the same name.
 The Madness of Lady Bright is a short play by Lanford Wilson among the earliest of the gay theatre movement. It was first performed at Joe Cino's Caffe Cino in May 1964 and went on to tour internationally appearing in revivals to the present day. It has been cited as the first Off-Off-Broadway production to receive mainstream critical attention and earned its original lead actor Neil Flanagan an Obie award.
 The Weir is a play written by Conor McPherson in 1997. It was first produced at The Royal Court Theatre Upstairs in London England on 4 July 1997. It first appeared on Broadway at the Walter Kerr Theatre on 1 April 1999. It has since been performed in Toronto Dublin Belfast Bolton Bury St Edmunds Hamburg Boston Philadelphia Pittsburgh Los Angeles Chicago Buffalo Washington D.C. Detroit San Jose and San Francisco.
 Zodiac P.I. (Japanese: 十二宮でつかまえて Hepburn: Jūnikyū de Tsukamaete lit. Zodiac Detective) is a manga series created by Natsumi Ando. The series is published in Japan by Kodansha and it was published in English by Tokyopop. However the English Tokyopop version is out of print as of August 31 2009.
 The Leavenworth Times is an American daily newspaper published in Leavenworth Kansas. It is owned by GateHouse Media.Founded in 1856 by future U.S. Senator Robert Crozier the Times claims to be the oldest daily newspaper in Kansas. Daniel R. Anthony brother of Susan B. Anthony bought the paper in 1871 and the paper remained in the Anthony family until the 1960s even after Daniel Anthony shot and killed rival publisher R.C.
 The Enchanted Cat was edited and translated from the Hungarian by Baroness Orczy (creator of the famous the Scarlet Pimpernel series) in 1895.The illustrations in the book were provided by her husband Montagu Barstow whom she married in 1894.
 Parallel Stories (Hungarian: Párhuzamos történetek) is a 2005 novel in three volumes by the Hungarian writer Péter Nádas. It comprises the installments The Silent Province (A néma tartomány) In the Depths of the Night (Az éjszaka legmélyén) and A Breath of Freedom (A szabadság lélegzete). The narrative portrays Hungary during the 20th century. The novel took 18 years to write. It was published in English as one volume in 2011.
 All Fun and Games until Somebody Loses an Eye is the ninth novel by Scottish writer Christopher Brookmyre.
 Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine (abbreviated J Cell Mol Med or JCMM) is a bi-monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell in association with the Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine. The journal focuses on translational medicine spanning disease-oriented basic research in molecular and cellular biology and pre-clinical investigations into molecular and cellular therapeutics.
 Love a Rather Bad Idea is a 2010 novel written by Anirban Mukherjee an alumnus of IIT Delhi and IIM Calcutta. It is a contemporary take on the young Indian graduate student. Set against the dazzle of the college festival at IIT Delhi the book uses humor to bring out the various facets of student life and the related trade offs around aspirations career friendship and social belonging.
 Notes and Records of the Royal Society (ISSN 0035-9149) is an international journal which publishes original research in the history of science technology and medicine up to and including the 21st century. It is published both in print and online. As a journal of the Royal Society Notes and Records belongs to a group of journals including the longest running scientific journal in the world Philosophical Transactions.
 The Carnelian Throne is a 1979 fantasy novel by Janet Morris. Published by Bantam Books it is the fourth and final title of the Silistra series.
 Thaiday re-directs here. For the Australian rugby league footballer see Sam Thaiday.ThaiDay was an English-language newspaper printed in Bangkok in 2005 and 2006. Started by politician Sondhi Limthongkul's Manager Media Group it consisted of eight broadsheet pages that were inserted in the Thailand edition of the International Herald Tribune. It was printed six days a week Monday to Saturday.
 The Jungle is the eighth novel of Clive Cussler's Oregon Files series. The hardcover edition was released March 8 2011. Other editions were released on other dates.
 The Gazeta Krakowska (full title Polska Gazeta Krakowska) is the largest regional daily newspaper in Kraków Poland published five times a week in that city. Gazeta Krakowska was established on February 15 1949.
 Baal was the first full-length play written by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht. It concerns a wastrel youth who becomes involved in several sexual affairs and at least one murder.
 Glamour Girl is a novel written by Kerry Katona and Fanny Blake. It is the third in a trilogy of novels written by Katona and Blake and is a follow up from their first two novels Tough Love and The Footballer's Wife. It was released 2 October 2008.
 Les Sincères is a comedic play by French playwright Pierre Marivaux. Played in one act and in prose it was performed for the first time by the Comédiens italiens on January 13 1739 at the Hotel de Bourgogne in Paris.In this play Marivaux focuses on what happens to love when the main virtue in which the characters pride themselves is absolute sincerity. The ultimate result is a negative one. The whole play is based on the theme of sincerity or “the insincerity of being sincere”.
 the Journal of the American Ceramic Society is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published on behalf of the American Ceramic Society by Wiley-Blackwell. It was established in 1918 and is co-edited by David J. Green John Halloran David W. Johnson Jr and Lisa Klein. Publishing formats included full length original research communications (rapid publishing) feature articles and review articles. The journal covers all aspects of research on ceramic materials science.
 Stalking the Nightmare is a 1982 collection of short stories and nonfiction pieces by Harlan Ellison. The short stories are interspersed with Scenes from the Real World sections which are essays on a variety of topics. Although most of the stories had not previously appeared in any of Ellison's books four of them were taken from his out of print 1970 collection Over the Edge.
 The Moose Jaw Times-Herald is a daily newspaper serving the city of Moose Jaw Saskatchewan Canada and the surrounding area. It is printed Mondays through Saturdays with a supplement called Moose Jaw This Week published on Sundays.J.N. McDonald founded the Times as a weekly in 1889. One of its early owner-editors was Thomas Walter Scott in 1894-1895. Scott would later become the first Premier of Saskatchewan.
 Commercial Motor is a weekly magazine for the road transport industry in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1905 it is notable for having been the first journal to be devoted exclusively to the commercial vehicle engaged in the conveyance of goods or in passenger carrying.Originally named The Commercial Motor the title was shortened to Commercial Motor for the first issue of 1966.
 Ang Tundo Man May Langit Din (Even in Tondo There is a Heaven) is a 1986 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Andres Cristobal Cruz. The 324-page novel was published by the Ateneo de Manila University Press. The novel involves love and romance occurring between individuals that are residing in a poverty-stricken area in Tondo Manila in the Philippines.
 The Tesseract is a 1998 English-language novel by Alex Garland. The story intertwines the lives of Manila gangsters mothers and street children. The novel chronicles numerous characters in non-linear storylines and explores themes of love fate violence power and choices. It is Garland's second novel.The term 'tesseract' is used for the three-dimensional net of the four-dimensional hypercube rather than the hypercube itself.
 The Night Flier is a horror short story by Stephen King first published in the anthology Prime Evil: New Stories by the Masters of Modern Horror and then in King's own 1993 Nightmares & Dreamscapes collection.The story was made into a 1997 film of the same title.
 Dancer is a novel based on the life of Rudolf Nureyev written by Colum McCann and published in 2003.
 White Dog (2003) is a 2003 Australian novel by Peter Temple. The fourth novel in the Jack Irish series it won the 2003 Ned Kelly Awards Best Novel for Crime Writing. It was reprinted in the United Kingdom in 2007 by Quercus.
 Dark Star Safari (2002) is a written account of a trip taken by author Paul Theroux 'Overland from Cairo to Cape Town' via trains planes buses cars and armed convoy. Theroux had lived in Africa as a young and idealistic early member of the Peace Corps and part of the reason for this trip was to assess the impact on Africa of the many years of helping from Western countries.
 Zemra thërret is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Forever Free is a science fiction novel by American author Joe Haldeman the sequel to The Forever War. It was published in 1999.
 The Journal of Medical Marketing is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Management. The journal's editor is Brian D Smith (PragMedic). It has been in publication since 2000 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Job: A Comedy of Justice is a novel by Robert A. Heinlein published in 1984. The title is a reference to the biblical Book of Job and James Branch Cabell's book Jurgen A Comedy of Justice. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1984 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1985.
 Travelers of Space is a 1951 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Martin Greenberg. The stories originally appeared in the magazines 'Planet Stories Astounding Thrilling Wonder Stories and Startling Stories.
 The End is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.The poem is among those set in the War Requiem of Benjamin Britten.
 A Growling Place is a picture book written and illustrated by Thomas Aquinas Maguire published on August 28 2007 by Simply Read Books in Vancouver Canada.
 L'Omino Bufo is an Italian comic strip created by Alfredo Castelli.
 UWeekly is a weekly newspaper based in Columbus Ohio that primarily serves the central portion of Columbus and the Ohio State University community. Its first issue was published on September 21 2005. The paper's writing staff is largely students from Ohio State which are also its main audience; it is considered a student newspaper in this regard though it has no official affiliation with the university.Wayne T. Lewis is the publisher and founder. Michael A.
 Persian Weekly (Persian:هفته نامه پرشین)is the only Non-political Non-religious Non-affiliate and impartial weekly newspaper to exclusively serve the vibrant Iranian (Persian) community in United Kingdom and abroad IRAN .
 99 Fables is a book of fables by American author William March. The collection was first written around 1938 (there were ca. 125 fables then) but was never published as a whole. More than 40 had been published in journals and magazines such as Prairie Schooner Kansas Magazine Rocky Mountain Review and New York Post. Not long before his death in 1954 March returned to the collection and edited it leaving 99 fables in all.
 Black Perl is a famous piece of Perl poetry. It was posted to Usenet on April 1 1990. It is written in Perl 3 and will not parse under Perl 5. Multiple independent updates to Black Perl to make it parsable in Perl 5 have been published. The full text of the poem is reproduced below.
 The Rats in the Walls is a short story by American author H. P. Lovecraft. Written in August–September 1923 it was first published in Weird Tales March 1924.
 The Cosmology of Bing is the fourth novel by American author Mitch Cullin. It was first published in April 2001 as a hardback edition from The Permanent Press.
 Tiroler Tageszeitung (also known as TT) is a German provincial daily newspaper published in Austria.
 Desperate Characters is a 1970 novel by Paula Fox.
 Ragtime is a novel by E. L. Doctorow published in 1975. This work of historical fiction is mainly set in the New York City area from about 1900 until the United States entry into World War I in 1917.
 The Goldmine Comedy Record Price Guide is a 1996 book by Ronald L. Smith. Smith who has written several books about comedy recordings and comedians offers 1996 market prices for hundreds of albums ranging in date from 1915-1996. Smith also includes biographical information about the artists covered as well as short reviews of the albums listed. It is one of the few books in print that addresses the topic of collecting comedy recordings.
 The Islanders is a 2011 science fiction novel by Christopher Priest.
 The Oxford Companion to Food is an encyclopedia about food. It was edited by Alan Davidson and published by Oxford University Press in 1999. It was also issued in softcover under the name The Penguin Companion to Food. A second edition was edited by Tom Jaine and published in 2006.The book Davidson's magnum opus with more than a million words mostly his own covers the nature and history of foodstuffs worldwide starting from aardvark and ending with zuppa inglese.
 Absolutely Normal Chaos is a children's or young-adult novel by Sharon Creech published in the U.K. by Macmillan Children's Books in 1990. It was the American author's first book for children completed at the midpoint of nearly two decades living in England and Switzerland.
 The Lele of the Kasai (first published 1963) was the first book by the influential British anthropologist Mary Douglas under her married name (her Peoples of the Lake Nyasa Region appeared under her maiden name Tew in 1950). In it she reported on her anthropological fieldwork among the Lele people on the western bank of the Kasai River in the Basongo area of what had at the time been south-western Belgian Congo.
 Medicine Magazine was a UK consumer magazine focused on health and medical issues. It had a more serious medical and scientific editorial than women's magazines.The magazine was the first consumer magazine in the UK to cover in detail and compare prescription medications and surgical treatments.The magazine also published some articles and news on its website.The company was dissolved on 19 June 2012.
 The Belgariad is a five-book fantasy epic written by David Eddings. The series follows the adventures of Garion as he seeks to fulfil the prophecy of the preliminary battle between the Child of Light and the Child of Dark and restore balance to the world.
 Osiedle Swoboda is a comic book written and illustrated by Michał Śledziński. It was supposed to imitate American comic books such as Spider-Man. The first issues appeared in the papers of Produkt magazine and since 2004 it has been published separately by Niezależna Prasa. It consists of 6 issues; the final bimonthly issue was published in 2006. A prototype of Swoboda is the estate Szwederowo in Bydgoszcz – the home estate of the author himself.
 The Doors of Perception is a short book by Aldous Huxley first published in 1954 detailing his experiences when taking mescaline. The book takes the form of Huxley's recollection of a mescaline trip that took place over the course of an afternoon and takes its title from a phrase in William Blake's 1793 poem The Marriage of Heaven and Hell. Huxley recalls the insights he experienced which range from the purely aesthetic to sacramental vision.
 The Adventures of Three Russians and Three Englishmen in South Africa (French: Aventures de trois Russes et de trois Anglais dans l'Afrique australe) is a novel by Jules Verne published in 1872.
 Null-A Three usually written Ā Three is a 1985 science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt. It incorporates concepts from the General semantics of Alfred Korzybski and refers to non-Aristotelian logic.The novel is a continuation of the adventures of Gilbert Gosseyn from the The World of Null-A (1945) and The Pawns of Null-A (1948).Gilbert Gosseyn wakes to find he is Gosseyn Three in telepathic contract with Gosseyn Two.
 The American Philosophical Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering philosophy. It was established in 1964 by Nicholas Rescher and is published quarterly by University of Illinois Press under license with North American Philosophical Publications.
 Arkansas Times a weekly alternative newspaper based in Little Rock Arkansas is a publication that has circulated for more than 35 years originally as a magazine. Its current format stems from reaction to the Arkansas Democrat's buyout of assets from Gannett's closure of the Arkansas Gazette in 1991 which had resulted in the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. Arkansas Times ' current editor Max Brantley is among those former Gazette staffers who lost their jobs as a result of the merger.
 Dianetics: The Evolution of a Science by L. Ron Hubbard is the original article published in Astounding Science Fiction (cover date May 1950) published immediately preceding the release of Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health that introduced Dianetics.
 Genju no Seiza (幻獣の星座 Genjū no Seiza lit. Constellation of the Imaginary Beast) is a Japanese supernatural manga created by Matsuri Akino. The series is focused on Kamishina Fuuto a teenager who has spiritual senses and his struggle to maintain a normal life while being a reincarnation of the High Priest of Dhalashar. The manga is published by Akita Shoten in 14 graphic novels.
 Iracema is one of the three indigenous novels by José de Alencar. It was first published in 1865.
 Advances in Therapy is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering clinical medicine especially research on pharmaceuticals. The journal publishes original research papers and reviews. The journal was established in 1984 and published by Health Communications. Since 2008 it has been published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 The Politically Incorrect Guide to English and American Literature is the sixth book in Regnery Publishing's Politically Incorrect Guide series published in December 2006.The book argues that the study of literature in universities today is distorted by theories - developed in the 1960s at Yale and expanding through the 1970s and 1980s - that are aimed at attacking western civilization and Christianity for their alleged racism and sexism.
 Brave 10 (Japanese: ブレイブ・テン Hepburn: Bureibu Ten) is a manga series by Kairi Shimotsuki serialized in Media Factory's Comic Flapper from 2007 to 2010. The series was resumed on June 15 2011 and retitled Brave 10 Spiral (ブレイブ・テン・スパイラル Bureibu Ten Supairaru) better known as Brave 10 S serialized in Monthly Comic Gene. An anime adaptation by Studio Sakimakura and TMS Entertainment began airing on January 8 2012.
 How to Lie with Statistics is a book written by Darrell Huff in 1954 presenting an introduction to statistics for the general reader. Huff was a journalist who wrote many how to articles as a freelancer but was not a statistician. The book is a brief breezy illustrated volume outlining common errors both intentional and unintentional associated with the interpretation of statistics and how these errors can lead to inaccurate conclusions.
 American Rifleman is a United States-based monthly shooting and firearms interest publication owned by the National Rifle Association (NRA). It is the 33rd most-widely distributed consumer magazine.
 The Moved and the Shaken is the fourth book and first novel by Canadian author politician and retired hockey player Ken Dryden. It was first published in 1993 by Penguin Books.
 Mr Puntila and his Man Matti (German: Herr Puntila und sein Knecht Matti) is an epic comedy by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht. It was written in 1940 and first performed in 1948.The story describes the aristocratic land-owner Puntila's relationship to his servant Matti as well as his daughter Eva who he wants to marry off to an Attaché.
 Lilith is a fantasy novel written by Scottish writer George MacDonald and first published in 1895. Its importance was recognized in its later revival in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fifth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in September 1969.Lilith is considered among the darkest of MacDonald's works and among the most profound. It is a story concerning the nature of life death and salvation.
 Behind the Paint is the 2003 autobiography of American hip hop artist Joseph Bruce better known as Violent J one half of the Detroit Michigan hip hop group Insane Clown Posse. The book focuses on Bruce's entire life up until 2002. It begins with a chronological account of his childhood professional wrestling career and musical career including the conception of Insane Clown Posse's Dark Carnival mythology and the development of their fan base known as Juggalos.
 Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us! is a 2009 fictional work by American political activist Ralph Nader described by him as a practical utopia in the style of Edward Bellamy's 1888 utopian novel Looking Backwards.Nader wrote the book to inspire imaginative solutions to the problem of corrupt politicians and financial institutions.
 This Is Not the Life I Ordered: 50 Ways to Keep Your Head Above Water When Life Keeps Dragging You Down is a collaborative non-fiction inspirational self-help book written by Deborah Collins Stephens Michealene Cristini Risley Jackie Speier and Jan Yanehiro. The book was first published in a hardcover format in 2007 by Conari Press. The first printing of the work was for thirty-five thousand copies and a second printing is planned.
 Y: The Last Man is a dystopian science fiction comic book series by Brian K. Vaughan and Pia Guerra published by Vertigo beginning in 2002. The series is about the only man to survive the apparent simultaneous death of every male mammal (barring the same man's pet monkey) on Earth. The series was published in sixty issues by Vertigo and collected in a series of ten paperback volumes (and later a series of five hardcover Deluxe volumes). The series' covers were primarily by J. G.
 This article is about the newspaper. For the mail carrier see Israel Postal Company.Israel Post (Hebrew: ישראל פוסט‎) originally Metro Israel is an Israeli Hebrew-language free daily newspaper based on the concept of the Metro newspapers. Co-owned by Eli Azur (who owns controlling interest in The Jerusalem Post) and David Weisman it was first published on August 5 2007.
 The Nation is a daily newspaper published in Lagos Nigeria. According to a 2009 survey it was the second most read newspaper in Nigeria. The paper's website says it stands for Freedom Justice and the Market Economy.
 Geographical kaleidoscope (Russian: Географический калейдоскоп) is a popular scientific book written by Petro Kravchuk (Ukrainian: Петро Кравчук) and published in 1988 (Kiev).The book discusses champions of the Earth and its earliest explorers.
 Icarus is a student literary magazine based in Trinity College Dublin. It publishes three issues per academic year and accepts submissions of poetry prose and drama from students staff and alumni of Dublin University. It was founded in 1950 by Cecil Jenkins and has been published with regularity three times a year ever since.
 Side Effects: A Prosecutor a Whistleblower and a Bestselling Antidepressant on Trial is a nonfiction book by investigative journalist Alison Bass which tells the true story of a court case and the personal drama that surrounded the making of a bestselling drug. It chronicles the lives of two women - a prosecutor and a whistleblower - who exposed deception in the research and marketing of Paxil an antidepressant prescribed to millions of children and adults.
 The Scholar Gipsy (1853) is a poem by Matthew Arnold based on a 17th-century Oxford story found in Joseph Glanvill's The Vanity of Dogmatizing (1661 etc.). It has often been called one of the best and most popular of Arnold's poems and is also familiar to music-lovers through Ralph Vaughan Williams' choral work An Oxford Elegy which sets lines from this poem and from its companion-piece Thyrsis.
 The Maltese Falcon is a 1929 detective novel by Dashiell Hammett originally serialized in the magazine Black Mask beginning with the September 1929 issue. The story has been adapted several times for the cinema. The main character Sam Spade appears in this novel only and in three lesser known short stories yet is widely cited as the crystallizing figure in the development of the hard-boiled private detective genre.
 An Octopus Followed Me Home is a 1997 children's picture book by American writer and illustrator Dan Yaccarino. The book has been adapted by Yaccarino into an animated TV series called Willa's Wild Life. It is directed by Steve Sullivan.
 Family Guy: Stewie's Guide to World Domination is an American humor book about Family Guy written by producer Steve Callaghan. The book was first published on 20 October 2005. The plot follows Stewie Griffin's plans on ruling the world despite his only being a minor.
 The Goldfinch is the Pulitzer Prize-winning third novel from Donna Tartt her first new book in 11 years. In February 2013 the New York Observer announced that Tartt's long-awaited third novel titled The Goldfinch was set for publication on October 22 2013 after originally being slated for publication in September 2008. The book was selected as one of the 10 Best Books of 2013 by the editors of the New York Times Book Review.
 Man From Nebraska is a play by American playwright Tracy Letts. It received its world premiere at Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago Illinois on November 20 2003 and was a 2004 Pulitzer Prize finalist. In spite of its nomination reviews were mixed. The Man From Nebraska is about a man's loss of faith and his journey to regain it.
 The Dead Sea Scrolls and the Christian myth is a 1979 book about the Dead Sea Scrolls Essenes and early Christianity that proposes the non-existence of Jesus Christ. It was written by John Marco Allegro (1922–1988).The ideas in the book are not accepted by mainstream scholars who believe that there are no connections between the scrolls and the life of Jesus.
 Aquarium Fish International (AFI) was a North American monthly magazine published by BowTie Inc. of Irvine California and dedicated to freshwater and saltwater fishkeeping and the aquarium/fishkeeping hobby in general. Originally titled Aquarium Fish Magazine (AFM) the first issue of the magazine was in October 1988. The title of the publication changed slightly beginning with the February 2007 issue; the new title was Aquarium Fish International. It had a circulation of 31170.
 The Journal of the History of Philosophy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1957 and published by the Johns Hopkins University Press. It contains articles notes and reviews about the history of Western philosophy. Time periods covered include everything from the medieval period to modern developments in the study of philosophy. The current editor is Steven Nadler (University of Wisconsin-Madison).
 The Adventures of Freddy Lombard is a comic book series created by Yves Chaland. Five albums were released all during the 1980s before Chaland's untimely death. They were originally written in French though have since received publication into English. The series was illustrated in the ligne claire style.The stories feature the protagonist Freddy Lombard and his friends Dina and Sweep as they desperately try to get money to pay their bills. This often leads them to their adventures.
 Twin Signal (ツインシグナル Tsuin Sigunalu) is a manga series originally written by Sachi Oshimizu. It was later animated as a 3 episode anime OVA series. Both the manga and the OVA have been licensed by Media Blasters for distribution in the USA.It follows the story of a humanoid created by a robotics expert named Dr. Otoi for his grandson Nobuhiko. But in the process of writing and applying the programming an unfortunate mishap takes place! Nobuhiko sneezes.
 Mr Darwin's Shooter is a 1998 novel by Roger McDonald. It describes the life of Syms Covington manservant to Charles Darwin on the voyage of the Beagle. The book deals with three periods of Covington's life: childhood adolescence whilst on the HMS Beagle and middle age where Covington is struggling to deal with the conflict between his religious views and his role in the formulation of the theory of natural selection.
 The Oklahoman is the largest daily newspaper in Oklahoma and is the only daily newspaper that covers the Greater Oklahoma City area. The Alliance for Audited Media (formerly Audit Bureau Circulation) lists The Oklahoman published by the Oklahoma Publishing Company (OPUBCO) as the 59th largest U.S. newspaper in circulation. The Oklahoman circulation has declined in the 5 years from 2007 to 2012.
 The Almanac is a weekly newspaper in the South Hills region of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania and northern Washington County Pennsylvania. It is published by the Observer Publishing Company of McMurray Pennsylvania. Its cover price is 50 cents though it is delivered free of charge to most houses in its area.
 The Road Ahead is a book written by Bill Gates co-founder and then-CEO of the Microsoft software company together with Microsoft executive Nathan Myhrvold and journalist Peter Rinearson.
 The Big Book Of is an Eisner Award-winning series of graphic novel anthologies published by the DC Comics imprint Paradox Press.
 Contemporary Clinical Trials is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering trials and design in clinical medicine. It was established in 2005 and is published by Elsevier. The editor-in-chief is Zheng Su (Genentech). it was established in 1980 as Controlled Clinical Trials and obtained its current title in 2005.
 Three Dimensional E.C. Classics was a quarterly comic book anthology series published by EC Comics in 1954. It began publication with its Spring 1954 issue and ceased with its March 1954 issue producing a total of two issues. The stories it contained were classics in that they were recyclings of stories that had already appeared in earlier EC comic books. They were three-dimensional because they were presented in Anaglyph 3-D. Two 3-D viewers were included with each issue.
 EMBO Reports is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research related to biology at a molecular level. It publishes primary research papers reviews and essays and opinion. It also features commentaries on the social impact of advances in the life sciences and the converse influence of society on science.
 Labor: Studies in Working-Class History of the Americas is a peer reviewed quarterly journal which publishes articles regarding the history of the labor movement in the United States. It is the official journal of the Labor and Working-Class History Association (LAWCHA) and is published by Duke University Press. Labor is edited by Leon Fink distinguished professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago who previously edited Labor History.
 Shannon's Way is a 1948 novel by Scots author A. J. Cronin. It continues the story of Robert Shannon from Cronin's previous novel The Green Years (1944).
 Ultimate Origins is a comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics released in June 2008. It falls under Marvel's Ultimate Marvel imprint. It was written by Brian Bendis and illustrated by Butch Guice. It was intended to be a chapter in the development of Ultimatum a crossover event scheduled to begin in September 2008.Jeph Loeb has stated in an interview with Comic Book Resources: What Ultimate Origin is going to do is sort of tell us how it all began. ...
 The Printed Blog is a print magazine composed entirely of blogs and other aggregated online content that operates out of its offices in Chicago.Published monthly It offers a wide range of content from the web chosen by a team of staff and guest editors active in the fields of blogging and photography.
 A Perfect Stranger is a Danielle Steel romance novel published in 1982. This book tells the story of Alexander Hale and Raphaella Phillips. Hale a recently divorced man takes a walk down his street when he sees Phillips a beautiful woman crying on the steps. We later learn that the woman's name is Raphaella Phillips and that she is married to an eighty year-old man who is very sick. Hale falls in love with Phillips who is already married.
 American Slavery American Freedom: The Ordeal of Colonial Virginia is a 1975 history text by American historian Edmund Morgan. The work was first published in September of 1975 through W W Norton & Co Inc and is considered to be one of Morgan's seminal works.
 The Story of Little Black Sambo is a children's book written and illustrated by Helen Bannerman and first published by Grant Richards in October 1899 as one in a series of small-format books called The Dumpy Books for Children. The story was a children's favorite for half a century until the word sambo was deemed a racial slur in some countries and the illustrations considered reminiscent of darky iconography. Both text and illustrations have undergone considerable revision since.
 Friday is a 1982 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein. It is the story of a female artificial person the eponymous Friday genetically engineered to be stronger faster smarter and generally better than normal humans. Artificial humans are widely resented and much of the story deals with Friday's struggle both against prejudice and to conceal her enhanced attributes from other humans.
 William the Pirate is the fourteenth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1932. It contains eleven short-stories one of which (Aunt Arabelle in Charge) features the odious Anthony Martin who is often cited as a parody of A.A. Milne's Christopher Robin.
 The Hartlepool Mail is a newspaper serving Hartlepool and the surrounding area. It has an average daily circulation of 14198.The paper was founded in Hartlepool in 1877 as The Northern Daily Mail and continued to be printed in the town until August 2006 when the printing staff were told they would be made redundant on 30 September. The newspaper's owners Johnston Press decided it was in the interests of their business to move printing to Sunderland.
 100000000 Guinea Pigs: Dangers in Everyday Foods Drugs and Cosmetics is a book written by Arthur Kallet and F.J. Schlink first released in 1933 by the Vanguard Press and manufactured in the United States of America. Its central argument propounds that the American population is being used as guinea pigs in a giant experiment undertaken by the American producers of food stuffs and patent medicines and the like.
 The Osceola News-Gazette is a weekly newspaper based in Osceola County Florida. Its print version is published on Thursdays and Saturdays out of its main editorial office in Kissimmee. Its website (AroundOsceola.com) was overhauled in August 2013.
 The Simple Solution to Rubik's Cube by James G. Nourse is a book that was published in 1981. The book explains how to solve the Rubik's Cube. Most of the solutions to Rubik's Cube that can be found on the internet today seem to be based at least in part on the solution in this book. The book's solution to the cube is considered to be one of the easiest simplest and most straighforward solutions to solving the cube.
 Fujoshi Rumi (妄想少女オタク系 Mōsō Shōjo Otaku-kei lit. Geeky Girl Obsession) is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by manga author Natsumi Konjoh (紺條夏生 Konjō Natsumi).
 Blast from the Past is a 1998 novel by Ben Elton published by Bantam Press and later adapted into a stage performance by the West Yorkshire Playhouse.
 Fragile is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger. It is the first book set in The Hollows and features Jones Cooper.
 The Johns Hopkins News-Letter is the independent student newspaper of the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore Maryland U.S. Published since 1896 it is one of the nation's oldest continuously published weekly student-run college newspapers.The News-Letter is published every Thursday in a full-color front and back page broadsheet format and has two sections: an A section and a B section.
 The Food of the Gods and How It Came to Earth is a science fiction novel by H. G. Wells first published in 1904. Wells called it a fantasia on the change of scale in human affairs. . . . I had hit upon [the idea] while working out the possibilities of the near future in a book of speculations called Anticipations (1901). The novel is one of his lesser known works. There have been various B-movie adaptations (see below).
 Chains: Lesser Novels and Stories is a collection of short stories by Theodore Dreiser first published in 1927.
 Library Connect is a global program from Elsevier for academic medical corporate and government librarians. The program includes a free monthly electronic newsletter and other resources such as webinars and symposia and Facebook and Twitter channels. The program focuses on library best practices issues trends and events and promotes Elsevier products and services.
 Prosthetics and Orthotics International is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Orthopedics. The journal's editor is Dr. Sarah Curran (Wales Centre for Podiatric Studies). It has been in publication since 1977 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of International Society for Prosthetics and Orthotics International.
 Vaccine: The Controversial Story of Medicine's Greatest Lifesaver is a 2007 book by freelance writer Arthur Allen. The book describes the history of vaccination beginning in 1796 when it was discovered by Edward Jenner and including mandatory vaccination policies during World War II in the United States military. It ends on a discussion of the vaccine-autism controversy.
 The Socialist is the official newspaper of the Socialist Party in Ireland. Published once a month it is also available online.The newspaper first appeared intermittently in the early 1990s following the expulsion of members of Militant tendency from the Labour Party. The grouping became known as Militant Labour and later the Socialist Party.The paper describes itself as providing a unique socialist analysis of political events.
 Inspector Canardo is a comic book series created by the Belgian artist Benoît Sokal.
 Crusher Joe (クラッシャージョウ Kurasshā Jō) is a series of science fiction light novels by Haruka Takachiho and released by Asahi Sonorama from 1979 to 1983. During the late 1970s one of the founding fathers of Studio Nue Takachiho decided that besides being a designer he would try his hand at penning novels.
 Politics and the Life Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was first published in July 1982 with Thomas Wiegele as the editor. It is published by the Association for Politics and the Life Sciences currently edited by Erik P. Bucy.
 The Fifth Form at St. Dominic's (published 1881) is the best known of the school stories by the late nineteenth century author Talbot Baines Reed. The stories as well as the book were written for the Boy's Own Paper and published by the Religious Tract Society with illustrations by Gordon Browne.
 The Diapason is a magazine serving those who build and play organs. Content includes concert and recital announcements information on building and maintaining organs and profiles of notable organists.As of July 2013 The Diapason reaches about 5000 subscribers. The magazine was founded in 1909 by Siegfried E. Gruenstein. It is currently owned and published by Scranton Gillette Communications.
 The Dragon's Lair is the third book in The Lost Journals of Ven Polypheme series by Elizabeth Haydon and published in June 2009. The book is illustrated by Jason Chan.
 The Guardians is a young-adult science fiction novel written by John Christopher and published by Hamilton in 1970.Set in the year 2052 it depicts an authoritarian England divided into two distinct societies: the modern overpopulated Conurbs and the aristocratic rarefied County. Crowded city districts and all-pervasive technology make up the Conurbs while manors and rolling countrysides typical of 19th-century England make up the County.
 Wren’s Quest is the sequel to Wren to the Rescue and provides further background and character-development leading into Wren's War.
 Cataloging & Classification Quarterly is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal that publishes articles about library cataloging classification metadata indexing information retrieval information management and other topics related to library cataloging. Cataloging & Classification Quarterly is notable for being the only academic journal devoted to library cataloging.[citation needed] Despite its name the journal is now published eight times a year but occasionally some issues are combined.
 Delirium is a 1998 novel by Douglas Anthony Cooper and is the second entry in his Izzy Darlow series. The book was released by Hyperion in February of 1998 and the Encyclopedia of Literature in Canada noted that it was the first novel by an established author that was serialized on the Internet (Cooper began serializing the novel in 1994 shortly after the Web became widely available.)
 Notes from My Travels is a collection of journal excerpts kept by actress Angelina Jolie in 2001-2002 detailing her experiences travelling to troubled Third World regions in her role as a Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).The book was published in 2003 concurrent with the release of Beyond Borders a film in which she plays a character who eventually works for UNHCR.
 Ingo is a children's novel by English writer Helen Dunmore published in 2005 and the first of the Ingo pentalogy (followed by The Tide Knot The Deep The Crossing of Ingo and Chronicles Of Ingo: Stormswept (2012).
 White Light is a work of science fiction by Rudy Rucker published in 1980 by Virgin Books in the UK and Ace books in the US.
 Bejean (ビージーン Bijin) is a Japanese monthly men's magazine which originally started publication under the name Beppin (ベッピン Beppin).
 American novelist Philip Caputo has also written a novel named Acts of FaithActs of Faith is the 1985 novel written by Rajiva Wijesinha. The book is the first in a trilogy that was followed by Days of Despair in 1987 and concludes with 2005's The Limits of Love.
 Pinoy Weekly is an online and print newsmagazine in the Philippines. It is published by PinoyMedia Center a newly established non-government organization devoted to democratizing the practice of journalism in the country. It focuses on investigative stories that concern what it terms as the underreported sectors of Philippine society: peasants workers overseas Filipinos youth indigenous people and women.
 Ultrasound in Emergency Care is a radiology book for emergency physicians and staff. It is meant to be a guide to the use of ultrasound and interpretation of scans in emergency situations.Some of the chapters in the book cover the following subjects: History of Ultrasound in Emergencies The Physics of Ultrasound Image Acquisition and Artefacts and Ultrasound for Bony Trauma.
 The Tasmanian Babes Fiasco is a 1997 novel by John Birmingham. It is a sequel to He Died With A Felafel In His Hand and involves several prominent characters from the first novel namely Taylor the Cabbie Jabba the Hutt Thunderbird Ron Brainthrust Leonard Missy Elroy and Stacy. The major difference between this book and He Died With A Felafel In His Hand is The Tasmanian Babes Fiasco is written as a novel rather than as a diary.
 Old Jews Telling Jokes is a web series launched in 2009 created and directed by Sam Hoffman and produced by Eric Spiegelman and Tim Williams for Jetpack Media Inc. It has since gone on to garner millions of unique views over several original series shot in places like New York Los Angeles and Boca Raton.In 2010 OJTJ was published as a paperback book by Villard.
 Year’s Best Science Fiction Novels: 1954 is a 1954 anthology of science fiction novels and novellas edited by E. F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1955 under the title The Year’s Best Science Fiction Novels: Second Series. The stories had originally appeared in 1953 and 1954 in the magazines Amazing Stories Thrilling Wonder Stories Science Stories Galaxy Science Fiction and Space Science Fiction.
 The Long Night of the Grave is a horror novel by Charles L. Grant. It was first published in 1986 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1775 copies of which 300 were signed and slipcased as a deluxe edition. The book is the third volume of an internal trilogy which is part of Grant's Oxrun Station series. The book includes an afterword by Grant summing up the trilogy.
 The Silver Cloud Café (1996) is the second novel by Alfredo Véa Jr.. Set primarily in modern day San Francisco The Silver Cloud Café has the narrative frame of a mystery but utilizes postmodern devices manipulating time and space.
 Roughing It is a book of semi-autobiographical travel literature written by American humorist Mark Twain. It was written during 1870–71 and published in 1872 as a prequel to his first book Innocents Abroad. This book tells of Twain's adventures prior to his pleasure cruise related in Innocents Abroad.Roughing It follows the travels of young Mark Twain through the Wild West during the years 1861–1867.
 Jutarnji list (lit. The Morning Paper) is a daily newspaper in Croatia with a circulation of 52763 copies as in March 2013.It was launched in April 1998 becoming the first successful Croatian daily newspaper to appear since the 1950s. It was named after a Zagreb daily that used to circulate before World War II.
 The Drawing of the Three is the second book in The Dark Tower series of novels written by Stephen King and published by Grant in 1987. The series was inspired by Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came by Robert Browning. The story is a continuation of The Gunslinger and follows Roland of Gilead and his quest towards the Dark Tower. The subtitle of this novel is RENEWAL.
 The Best American Short Stories 2007 a volume in The Best American Short Stories series was edited by Heidi Pitlor and by guest editor Stephen King.
 Albania was a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later (French: Le Vicomte de Bragelonne ou Dix ans plus tard [lə vikɔ̃t də bʁaʒəlɔn u diz‿ɑ̃ ply taʁ]) is a novel by Alexandre Dumas. It is the third and last of the d'Artagnan Romances following The Three Musketeers and Twenty Years After. It appeared first in serial form between 1847 and 1850. In the English translations the 268 chapters of this large volume are usually subdivided into three but sometimes four or even five individual books.
 Out of Order first published in 1936 is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor which features her series detective Asey Mayo the Codfish Sherlock. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 The Magnificent Nose and Other Marvels is a children's picture book written by Anna Fienberg and illustrated by Kim Gamble. It won the 1992 Children's Book of the Year Award for Younger Readers and the 1992 Crichton Award for Children's Book Illustration. It tells five interconnected stories about children with unusual gifts.
 Nature Reviews Nephrology (before 2009 Nature Clinical Practice Nephrology) is a peer-reviewed medical journal for nephrologists.
 The Campbell Times is the student-edited newspaper at Campbell University in Buies Creek North Carolina. The newspaper was established in 1925 and was originally known as Creek Pebbles until the current name was adopted in 1983. The print edition is published monthly during the academic year in a tabloid format. The newspaper has a circulation of 2000 according to the Park Library at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's School of Journalism and Mass Communications.
 La República is also a newspaper in numerous other countries.La República (About this sound listen ) is a center-left newspaper published in Lima Peru. It is one of the two main national dailies sold all over the country since it was founded on November 16 1981. The paper was founded by Gustavo Mohme Llona a former member of the Peruvian Congress.
 Marvel Comics Presents was an American comic book anthology series published by Marvel Comics originally from 1988 to 1995; it returned for a second volume in 2007-2008.
 Direct Descent (1980) is a short science fiction novel by Frank Herbert. It was based on the short story Pack Rat Planet published in 1954 in Astounding Science-Fiction.
 Midnight Over Sanctaphrax is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 2000. It is the third volume of The Edge Chronicles and of the Twig Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the sixth novel due to the Quint Saga trilogy that was published later.
 Ice Today is a Bangladeshi lifestyle magazine focusing on contemporary culture and society in the country. The magazine has sections dedicated to business fashion health women music travel and cuisine.
 The Satanic Bible is a collection of essays observations and rituals published by Anton LaVey in 1969. It contains the core principles of LaVeyan Satanism and is considered the foundation of its philosophy and dogma. It has been described as the most important document to influence contemporary Satanism.
 Daphne in the Brilliant Blue (光と水のダフネ Hikari to Mizu no Dafune) is a comedy/adventure manga series and an anime TV series. The TV series was animated by the studio J.C.Staff and produced by GENCO and broadcast in 2004.
 The Wind Is My Lover (Swedish title: Singoalla) is a novel by Swedish author Viktor Rydberg. The novel was first published in the calendar Aurora in 1857 with the subtitle Romantic fairytale poem (Romantisk sagodikt). In 1865 the novel was first published as a book but with a reworked happy ending.The novel was adapted as a film as Singoalla in 1949 and also as an opera by Gunnar de Frumerie.
 The Milkman Murders is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Joe Casey and illustrated by Steve Parkhouse.
 Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. It was established in 1922. Of general medical journals still in publication since 1959 Medicine had the highest number of citations per paper between 1959 and 2009. The journal covers all aspects of clinical medicine and the editor-in-chief is David B. Hellmann (Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center).
 Zambezia: The Journal of Humanities of the University of Zimbabwe was a biannual academic journal in the Humanities published by the University of Zimbabwe from 1969 to 2005. The journal specialized in humanities in Zimbabwe and other African countries in the surrounding region but also included other topics of general interest.
 Area 51: An Uncensored History of America's Top Secret Military Base is a book by American journalist Annie Jacobsen about the secret United States military base Area 51.The book based on interviews with scientists and engineers who worked in Area 51 addresses the Roswell UFO incident and dismisses the alien story.
 Suspense Digest is the largest circulated monthly Urdu language suspense magazine in Pakistan. The approximately 320-page magazine is published by Jasoosi Publications. The first issue was launched in January 1972. The publication has been a member of the All Pakistan Newspapers Society since 24 August 1986.The Jasoosi digest publications released other various digest like Pakiza Sergazist and Dilkash. These family Urdu magazines are very famous in Pakistan.
 Rat is a science fiction short story by James Patrick Kelly. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story 1987 and the Nebula Award for Best Short Story in 1986. Also nominated for Lucas Poll Award category for best short story and also nominated for SF Chronicle Award for the same category. In 1986 Rat was published in Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction
 The Weapon is a short story by the American science fiction writer Isaac Asimov. Written in September 1938 when Asimov was 18 it was first published in the May 1942 issue of Super Science Stories under a pseudonym H.B. Ogden. Because of the pseudonym Asimov forgot that this story had ever been published and so assuming that it had been rejected and believing that he no longer had a copy of it he omitted it from The Early Asimov (1972) a collection of his earliest stories.
 Mirror Image is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov originally published in the May 1972 issue Analog Science Fiction and Fact and collected in The Best of Isaac Asimov (1973) The Complete Robot (1982) Robot Visions (1990) and The Complete Stories Volume 2 (1992).After having received numerous requests to continue the story of detective Elijah Baley and his robot partner R.
 2010: Odyssey Two is a 1982 science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke. It is the sequel to the 1968 novel 2001: A Space Odyssey but continues the story of Stanley Kubrick's film adaptation with the same title rather than Clarke's original novel which differed from the film in some respects. The book is a part of Clarke's Space Odyssey series. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1983. The novel was adapted for the screen by Peter Hyams and released as a film in 1984.
 Wild Cargo was Frank Buck’s second book a best seller. Buck continued his tales of his adventures capturing exotic animals.Writing with Edward Anthony Buck related many of his experiences working with jungle creatures.
 The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas is a 1933 book by Gertrude Stein written in the guise of an autobiography authored by Alice B. Toklas who was her lover.
 The Annals of Surgery is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal of surgical science and practice. It was started in 1885 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins (United States United Kingdom).
 The Dune Encyclopedia is a 1984 collection of essays written by Willis E. McNelly and 42 other contributors as a companion to Frank Herbert's science fiction series which began with Dune. The Encyclopedia was published in paperback in 1984 and no further editions are planned due to copyright issues.
 The Witch of the Low Tide first published in 1961 is a detective story/historical novel by John Dickson Carr set in the England of 1907. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery (or a subset of that type called an impossible mystery) as well as being a historical novel.It is interesting from a modern viewpoint in that it deals with the sexual abuse of a child by her guardian where the sympathy of the writer is with the adult man and not with the underage girl.
 The Mound is a novella H. P. Lovecraft wrote as a ghostwriter from December 1929 to January 1930 after he was hired by Zealia Bishop to create a story based on the following plot synopsis: There is an Indian mound near here which is haunted by a headless ghost. Sometimes it is a woman.Lovecraft did not like this premise of what seemed to be a conventional ghost story.
 Battle Cry of Freedom: The Civil War Era is a Pulitzer Prize-winning history of the American Civil War and its causes published in 1988 by James M. McPherson. Writing for The New York Times historian Hugh Brogan described it as ...the best one-volume treatment of its subject I have ever come across. It may actually be the best ever published. Battle Cry of Freedom is volume six in the Oxford History of the United States.
 Let's All Kill Constance is a 2002 mystery novel by Ray Bradbury.
 Archives of Osteoporosis is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It was established in 2006 and is an official journal of the International Osteoporosis Foundation and the United States' National Osteoporosis Foundation.
 Têtu (French for stubborn) is the main gay magazine published in France. It was subtitled in French le magazine des gays et lesbiennes (English: the magazine of gays and lesbians) until 2007 and reaffirmed itself as a men's magazine since then. As of December 2012 its certified circulation is of 41 961 copies monthly.
 The Well of the Unicorn is a fantasy novel by Fletcher Pratt the first of his two major fantasies. It was first published in hardcover by William Sloane Associates in 1948 under the pseudonym George U. Fletcher. All later editions have appeared under the author's actual name with the exception of the facsimile reprint issued by Garland Publishing in 1975 for its Garland Library of Science Fiction series.
 Today and Yesterday is a series of three plays by Alasdair Gray about life in nineteenth century Scotland commissioned by Malcolm Hossack of Scottish BBC Educational Television. The plays show a TV presenter traveling in time to contrast the 1970s with the Victorian era and although written for a school audience include many of Gray's political interests. Some of the themes covered in the series would return in Gray's Victorian novel Poor Things.
 White Acre vs. Black Acre is an 1856 plantation fiction novel written by William M. Burwell.
 The Journal of the Academic Association of Koreanology in Japan (Jp. Chōsen gakuhō 朝鮮学報) is a Japanese/Korean/English-language scholarly journal published by the Tenri University a private university in Tenri Nara Prefecture Japan. The journal features articles and book reviews of current scholarship in East Asian Studies focusing on Korean and Japanese history literature and religion with occasional coverage of politics and linguistics.
 Lessons of the Masters is a work by George Steiner published in 2004. It is part history part analysis of the mentor-protégé relationship. From Socrates and Jesus to Husserl Heidegger and Arendt not leaving out Plotinus Augustine Shakespeare Dante Marlowe Kepler Wittgenstein Nadia Boulanger and Simone Weil Steiner shows how much is at stake in the passing on of wisdom and the risks involved.The book is based on Steiner's Norton lectures.
 The Kind Diet: A Simple Guide to Feeling Great Losing Weight and Saving the Planet is a vegan cookbook written by actress and animal rights activist Alicia Silverstone.Silverstone told New York Times interviewer Patrick Healy that for three years she has turned down roles in films and television to have time to work on her book as well as do plays.Silverstone has her own website The Kind Life which she describes as an interactive extension of my book The Kind Diet which is about living your healthiest and happiest life to the fullest while taking care of mama Earth at the same time!Two follow up books are planned: The Kind Mama and The Kind Diet Cookbook.
 Taiwan News was founded June 6 1949 offering news reports and editorials printed on a stencil press. At the time it was the only English-language daily newspaper in Taiwan. In 1960 the newspaper switched to block printing in a full-size page format.James Wei the founder of Taiwan News was with the newspaper until 1965. During his later years he was the sixth Director of the Government Information Office serving from October 31 1966 to June 1 1972.
 A Critique of Pure Tolerance is a 1965 book by Robert Paul Wolff Barrington Moore Jr. and Herbert Marcuse.
 The Sun was a New York newspaper that was published from 1833 until 1950. It was considered a serious paper like the city's two more successful broadsheets The New York Times and the New York Herald Tribune. The Sun was the most politically conservative of the three.
 The Exotic Enchanter is an anthology of four fantasy short stories edited by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Christopher Stasheff. The Exotic Enchanter is the second volume in the continuation of the classic Harold Shea series by de Camp and Fletcher Pratt. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in 1995.
 The Beano Summer Special is like the Beano with extra comic strips which as its name suggest was released during the summer months and cost more than the regular comics. This special first started in 1963 with a joint Beano-Dandy summer special and then in 1964 the first Beano summer special appeared. These ran continually until 2003 when they were replaced by Beano specials which was a series of monthly special Beanos including a Summer Special released in the Summer.
 This article is about the novel by Benjamin Disraeli. For the science fiction novel by Dan Simmons see Endymion (Hyperion Cantos).Endymion is a novel published in 1880 by Benjamin Disraeli 1st Earl of Beaconsfield the former Conservative Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He was paid $50000 for it. It was the last novel Disraeli published before his death. He had been writing another Falconet when he died; it was published incomplete after his death.
 Hemkosh (Assamese: হেমকোষ IPA: [hɛmkʊx]) is the first etymological dictionary of the Assamese Language based on Sanskrit spellings compiled by Hemchandra Barua. It was first published in 1900 under the supervision of Capt. P. R. Gordon ISC and Hemchandra Goswami 33 years after the publication of the Bronson’s dictionary. It contained about 22346 words.
 What Weekly is an online magazine published in Baltimore Maryland. Stories published focus on visual art theater humor and writing. According to their tagline What Weekly focuses on the urban renaissance.
 Superman: Birthright is a twelve-issue comic book limited series published by DC Comics in 2003 and 2004 written by Mark Waid and drawn by Leinil Francis Yu.Originally this series was meant to be a non-canon version of Superman showcasing his origin and updating him for the 21st century. Soon after it was decided to make the series canon and thus it replaced John Byrne's The Man of Steel series as Superman's canonical origin story.
 Just Seventeen often referred to as J-17 was a weekly magazine aimed at teenage girls published by Emap from October 1983 to April 2004. It quickly became the market leading teen magazine until the launch of Sugar in 1994 after which sales began to fall. In 1997 the magazine was changed to a monthly format in response to the declining circulation and the magazine was finally closed in 2004 after losing a third of its readership.
 Demon Thief is a book in Darren Shan's Demonata series. Though it is the second book in the series it is a prequel to Lord Loss the first book in the series. The protagonist is also different from that of the first book. The narrator here is a new character called Kernel Fleck as opposed to Grubbs Grady the protagonist of the first book. Demon Thief takes place about thirty years before Lord Loss so most of the characters from the first book did not appear though a few did.
 Depths (original title: Djup) is a 2004 novel by Swedish writer Henning Mankell. Set in 1914 and 1915 the novel concerns a naval engineer Lars Tobiasson-Svartman on board the Swedish navy's Coast Defence Ship Svea undertaking a covert mission to find and chart navigable channels through the Stockholm archipelago. During the voyage Svartman alights on a barren skerry and discovers a young woman there Sara.
 Dibra is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Mariposa (2009) is a science fiction novel written by Greg Bear as both a sequel to Quantico and a prequel to Queen of Angels featuring characters from both earlier works.
 Monday Morning is the official weekly e-newsletter of National Institute of Technology Rourkela an Institute of National Importance in India. It was founded in 2006 by the then final year students - Shrinivas Ron and Chinmoy Mohapatra from the suggestion of the current director of NIT Rourkela Dr. Sunil Kumar Sarangi. Monday Morning started primarily as a newsletter site that got uploaded with the news cache for the week on every Sunday night with the issue going live on Monday Morning.
 Operation Chaos is a 1971 science fiction/fantasy fixup novel by Poul Anderson. A sequel Operation Luna was published in 2000.
 Dancers in Mourning is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in 1937 in the United Kingdom by Heinemann London and in the United States by Doubleday Doran New York; later U.S. versions used the title Who Killed Chloe?.It is the eighth novel to star the mysterious Albert Campion aided as usual by his butler/valet/bodyguard Magersfontein Lugg.
 Boku wa Imōto ni Koi o Suru (僕は妹に恋をする lit. I'm in love with my sister) (abbreviated to BokuImo) is a manga series by Kotomi Aoki. Originally serialized in Shōjo Comic the individual chapters were published in ten tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan from May 2003 until August 2005.
 This article is about the book The Pollyanna Principles and an exploration of its concepts. For other uses of the term see Pollyanna (disambiguation).The Pollyanna Principles is a book by author Hildy Gottlieb centered around community benefit organizations and the processes that make them genuinely beneficial to the community.
 Nuestro Diario is the most circulated newspaper in Guatemala and one of the most circulated in Latin America. Its daily edition runs between 270000 and 300000 units per day. Nuestro Diario is published by Diarios Modernos S. A. It is a tabloid-style paper.
 Missing Men of Saturn is a juvenile science fiction novel published first during 1953 by astronomer and author Robert S. Richardson as (Philip Latham) with cover illustration by Alex Schomburg. The story concerns Dale Sutton's mission to the dreaded planet Saturn from which no one has ever returned.
 Imperial Life in the Emerald City: Inside Iraq's Green Zone is a 2006 book by Rajiv Chandrasekaran that takes a critical look at the civilian leadership of the American reconstruction project in Iraq.
 The Alcoholics is a 1953 novel by Jim Thompson. The plot evolves around Dr. Peter S. Murphy and his clinic El Healtho where he treats alcoholics. It was re-released in the 1980s along with several other Thompson books under the Black Lizard imprint by the Creative Arts Book Company.
 Common Ground was a literary magazine published quarterly between 1940 and 1949 by the Common Council for American Unity to further an appreciation of contributions to U.S. culture by many ethnic religions and national groups.
 PQ Monthly is a free monthly LGBTQ newspaper and daily online publication for Oregon and southwest Washington (United States) published in Portland. The first issue was released on February 16 2012.The owner and publisher Melanie Davis announced plans to start publishing PQ Monthly soon after Just Out Portland's semi-monthly LGBTQ newspaper in print since 1983announced it was out of business in December 2011.
 Twilight: Los Angeles 1992 is a one woman play written and originally performed by Anna Deavere Smith. The original Broadway production opened at the Cort Theater in New York City on April 17 1994 ran for 72 performances and was nominated for the 1994 Tony Award for the Best Play. Anna Deavere Smith was nominated for a 1994 Tony Award and recreated her role in the filmed production in 2000 directed by Marc Levin.
 Ciak is a popular Italian language film magazine which has been published in Italy since 1985 by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore. It is the most popular film magazine in Italy.
 Gold is a 2012 sports novel by British author Chris Cleave and was published by Simon & Schuster on July 3 2012. The story focuses on the friendship and rivalry between two women and the effects that come from the choices they make and the events that they cannot prevent.
 The World Jones Made is a 1956 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick examining notions of precognition humanity and politics. It was first published by Ace Books as one half of Ace Double D-150 bound dos-à-dos with Agent of the Unknown by Margaret St. Clair.
 The Black Chronicle is an African-American weekly newspaper in the state of Oklahoma. Founded in April 1979 and based in Oklahoma City's Eastside it is owned by Perry Publishing and Broadcasting and caters to Oklahoma City's black community.
 Salvation of a Saint (聖女の救済 Seijo no Kyūsai) is a 2008 novel by Keigo Higashino the fourth in his Detective Galileo series. The English translation was published in 2012.
 National Lampoon This Side of Parodies is an American humor book that was published by Warner Paperback Books in 1974. It was a spin-off of National Lampoon magazine. The book consisted of parodies of the work of famous writers including Richard Brautigan Boccaccio Raymond Chandler Henri Charrière John Cleland ee cummings T. S. Eliot Kahlil Gibran Gerard Manley Hopkins and Shakespeare.
 Maya is a 2010 novel by Alastair Campbell the former communications director to Tony Blair. It is Campbell's second novel and third book after The Blair Years and All in the Mind. Maya drew generally favorable reviews and some claimed that it was in part based on his relationship with Blair however Campbell has denied this.
 New Worlds for Old is an anthology of fantasy short stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in September 1971 as the thirty-fifth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series. It was the fourth such anthology assembled by Carter for the series.The book collects fifteen fantasy tales and poems by various authors with an overall introduction and notes by Carter. The pieces range in date from the eighteenth to twentieth centuries.
 A Reader's Manifesto is a 2002 book written by B. R. Myers that was originally published in heavily edited form in the July/August 2001 issue of The Atlantic Monthly magazine. Myers criticizes the high status of literary fiction compared to genre fiction; he finds literary fiction full of affectations and pretentious wordplay but lacking in strong storytelling.
 Yankee Magazine was founded in 1935 and is based in Dublin New Hampshire United States. It is the only[citation needed] magazine devoted to New England through its coverage of travel home food and features. With a paid circulation of 317000 and a total readership of nearly 2 million it is published by Yankee Publishing Incorporated (YPI) one of the few remaining family-owned and independent magazine publishers in the United States.
 A Guide to the Star Wars Universe is a reference book published by Del Rey. The first edition was published in 1984 and written by Raymond L. Velasco. A second edition was published in 1994 written by Bill Slavicsek. He also wrote a third edition published in 2000. The books alphabetically detail people places things and events in the Star Wars universe. Most of the entries are quite short the longest being a little over two pages.
 What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day is a novel by Pearl Cleage and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in September 1998. The book focuses on a black woman who has moved back to her Michigan hometown following a positive diagnosis for HIV. The novel was Cleage's first.
 Sega Force was an early 1990s publication that covered the Sega console range (Sega Mega Drive Mega-CD Master System and Game Gear).
 Disability Now is a UK magazine for disabled people published by UK disability charity Scope.It was first published in 1984 as a newspaper and continued in that form until 2008 when it was redesigned as an A4 magazine with a greater emphasis on lifestyle and features. During this time current editor Ian Macare was hired becoming the first disabled editor of Disability Now.
 The Garden Island is a daily newspaper based in Lihue Hawaii covering the islands of Kauai and Niihau. The Garden Island began publication on 1902. It was formerly owned by Scripps League Newspapers which was acquired by Pulitzer in 1996; Lee Enterprises acquired Pulitzer in 2005. Oahu Publications Inc. publisher of the Honolulu Star-Advertiser acquired The Garden Island newspaper from Lee Enterprises in January 2013.
 Spin is a science fiction novel by author Robert Charles Wilson. It was published in 2005 and won the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2006. It is the first book in the Spin trilogy with Axis (the second) published in 2007 and Vortex published in July 2011.
 Mixmag is a British electronic dance and clubbing magazine published in London England. It is the world's biggest selling dance music magazine with an Audit Bureau of Circulations audited circulation of approximately 20000 (1 January 2011 – 31 December 2011). Launched in 1982 in the United Kingdom the magazine covers dance events and reviews music and club nights.
 The Mills of the Kavanaughs is the third book of poems written by the American poet Robert Lowell. Like Lowell's previous book Lord Weary's Castle the poetry in Kavanaughs was also ornate formal dense and metered. All of the poems are dramatic monologues and the literary scholar Helen Vendler noted that the poems in this volume were clearly influenced by Frost's narrative poems as well as by Browning.
 The Mango Tree is a novel by Australian author Ronald McKie. In 1974 it won the Miles Franklin Award.
 Not to be confused with La guzla de l'émir a comic opera by Théodore DuboisLa Guzla ou Choix de poesies illyriques recueillies dans la Dalmatie la Bosnie La Croatie et l'Hertzegowine (The Guzla or a Selection of Illyric Poems Collected in Dalmatia Bosnia Croatia and Herzegovina) was an 1827 literary hoax of Prosper Mérimée.It was presented as a collection of translations of folk ballads narrated by a guzlar (gusle player) Hyacinthe Maglanović complete with invented commentaries.The Russian poet Alexander Pushkin translated some of the ballads from La Guzla into his cycle Songs of the Western Slavs.
 Burda Style (formerly: Burda Moden Burda World of Fashion) is a fashion magazine published in 16 different languages and in over 89 countries by Hubert Burda Media. Each issue of Burda Fashion contains patterns for each design in the issue.
 The Journal of the Photographic Society later the Royal Photographic Society was first published on 3 March 1853 and it has been published continuously ever since. The magazine's title was changed with volume 5 (1859) when it was re-named The Photographic Journal and this was recently updated to the RPS Journal. The publication is the oldest photographic periodical in the world.
 The Religion is a horror novel written in 1982 by Nicholas Conde. It explores the ritual sacrifice of children to appease the pantheon of voodoo deities through the currently used practice of Santería.
 The Daily Trojan or DT is the student newspaper of the University of Southern California. The newspaper is a forum for student expression and is written edited and managed by university students. The paper is intended to inform USC students faculty and staff on the latest news and provide opinion and entertainment.
 The Emporia Gazette is a daily newspaper in Emporia Kansas.The newspaper rose to national attention after William Allen White bought the newspaper for $3000 ($85 thousand in 2014 dollars) in 1895.
 Way Station is a 1963 science fiction novel by Clifford D. Simak originally published as Here Gather the Stars in two parts in Galaxy Magazine in June and August 1963. Way Station won the 1964 Hugo Award for Best Novel.
 deadkidsongs is a 2001 novel by Toby Litt. The story is a black comedy about friendship loyalty love hate and revenge in the fictional English town of Amplewick and centers on four main characters: Andrew Matthew Paul and Peter who form Gang.deadkidsongs is Litt's fourth novel published by Penguin Books. John Preston of the Sunday Telegraph called it the most exciting new British novel I've read this year... extraordinarily haunting.
 Fallen Moon (堕天の月 Daten no Tsuki) is a stand-alone collection of short stories by manga artist Toui Hasumi. It is published by Blu Manga in America the shōnen-ai and yaoi publishing division of Tokyopop.
 The Scottish Journal of Theology is a peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal of systematic historical and biblical theology. Established in Scotland in 1948 it provides an ecumenical forum for debate and engages in extensive reviewing of theological and biblical literature. It is published by Cambridge University Press. The editors-in-chief are Iain Torrance (University of Edinburgh) and Bryan Spinks (Institute of Sacred Music Yale University).
 The Ends of the Earth is a 1992 play by Canadian playwright Morris Panych. It tells the story of two men Frank and Walker each of whom is convinced that the other is following him. Despite their best efforts at running away from each other the two men repeatedly find themselves in the same places.The Ends of the Earth premiered at the Arts Club Theatre in Vancouver in 1992 in a production directed by Panych starring Alec Willows and Earl Pastko as Frank and Walker.
 Scripta Materialia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal. It is the letters section of Acta Materialia and covers novel properties or substantially improved properties of materials. Specific materials discussed are metals ceramics and semiconductors at all length scales and published research endeavors explore the functional or mechanical behavior of these materials.
 Narodne novine (English: The People's Newspaper) is the official gazette (or newspaper of public record) of the Republic of Croatia which publishes laws regulations appointments and official decisions and releases them in the public domain. It is published by the eponymous public company.The Narodne novine started as the Novine Horvatzke first published on January 6 1835 by Ljudevit Gaj who created and printed the paper.
 The Journey Home: Autobiography of an American Swami is an auto-biographical account of a young nineteen-year-old boy Richard Slavin’s journey from the suburbs of Chicago to the caves of the Himalayas and through this his transformation to being Radhanath Swami one of India's most respected spiritual leaders. Mystic yogi's gurus and an epic quest through spiritual India is a concise description of this memoir.
 The History of British India is a history of British India by the 19th century British historian and imperial political theorist James Mill.This History went into many editions and during the 19th century became the standard reference work on its subject among British imperialists.
 The Train to Lo Wu is a collection of short stories by Jess Row published in January 2005. The book contains seven loosely related stories set in or related to Hong Kong. They all deal with the tension felt between insiders and outsiders especially between locals and foreigners visiting for study or work.
 Inside the Vatican is a monthly magazine relating to issues within the Roman Curia at the Vatican in Rome which is at the very heart of the Roman Catholic Church and Christianity as a whole. It is published ten times a year having begun its first publication in April 1993. It has a readership of 17500 and a circulation of 15000 primarily in the US and Canada. It is read by some of the leading members of the American Church.
 Alpha Ralpha Boulevard is a science fiction story by Cordwainer Smith set in his Instrumentality of Mankind universe concerning the opening days of a sudden radical shift from a controlling benevolent but sterile society to one with individuality danger and excitement. The story has been reprinted a number of times including in The Rediscovery of Man collection.In an interview Ursula K. Le Guin said about it:To me encountering his works was like a door opening.
 Rubbers 7 is a seinen romance manga authored by Sukune Inugami that ran in Sunday Gx for 5 years and finished in 2007 with 7 volumes.
 Fantomas contra los vampiros multinacionales is a comic book by Julio Cortázar published in 1975. The book mimics film noir-style comic book stories with speculative fiction to expound the evils of multinational corporations. It was inspired in part by the Mexican comic adaptations of Fantômas a popular arch-villain from French crime fiction.
 Energy & Environment (E&E) is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the direct and indirect environmental impacts of energy acquisition transport production and use. Its editor-in-chief since 1998 is Sonja Boehmer-Christiansen.
 Jesus Hopped The 'A' Train is a theatrical production created by Stephen Adly Guirgis.
 Holy War Inc.: Inside the Secret World of Bin Laden is a book by CNN investigative journalist and documentarian Peter Bergen.In the book Bergen documents the life career and activities of Islamic terrorist Osama bin Laden and the jihadist network that he operates Al-Qaeda. Bergen interviewed bin Laden in person with former CNN journalist Peter Arnett in Afghanistan in 1997.It was published by Free Press in 2001 as a hardcover (ISBN 0-7432-0502-2).
 Empress Bianca the first novel by Lady Colin Campbell was initially published in June 2005. One month later Arcadia Books Ltd the British publisher withdrew the book and pulped all unsold copies in reaction to a legal threat initiated on behalf of Lily Safra under her interpretation that the book was a defamatory roman à clef. After some changes the book was republished in the United States in 2008 by Dynasty Press.
 In physics and especially relativity General Relativity is a popular textbook on Einstein's theory of general relativity written by Robert Wald.It was published by the University of Chicago in 1984. The book a tome of almost 500 pages covers many aspects of the General Theory of Relativity. It is divided into two parts the second of which covers more advanced topics such as causal structure spinors and quantum effects.
 Averno is Louise Glück's eleventh collection of poetry published in 2006 by Farrar Straus and Giroux. It was a National Book Award Finalist for Poetry that year.
 Gothic Beauty is an American magazine established by editor Steven Holiday in the fall of 2000 after the success of the Internet social group of the same name. Gothic Beauty covers numerous aspects of underground culture including fashion music events and various forms of entertainment. Issues have included interviews with such Goth and Goth-friendly musicians as Alice Cooper Diamanda Galás KMFDM Rasputina and Peter Murphy.
 Ultraman (stylized in Japan as ULTRAMAN) is a manga written by Eiichi Shimizu and drawn by Tomohiro Shimoguchi of Linebarrels of Iron fame. Published in Monthly Hero's since its November 2011 issue it is a manga sequel of the 1966 Ultraman television series. As of March 4 2014 the series has been collected in 4 volumes consisting of 21 chapters with the fifth volume scheduled for release on September 5 2014.
 The Daily World is the leading daily newspaper in Aberdeen Washington United States. Serving Grays Harbor County and northern Pacific County counties since 1889 The Daily World is the only daily newspaper on the coast of Washington state. The newspaper is owned by the Stephens Media LLC based in Las Vegas.
 Bartholomew and the Oobleck is a 1949 book by Dr. Seuss (Theodor Geisel). It follows the adventures of a young boy named Bartholomew who must rescue his kingdom from a sticky substance called oobleck. The book is a sequel of sorts to The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins.
 Gaspard de la Nuit (English: Treasurer of the Night) is an 1842 collection of prose poetry by French author Louis Aloysius Bertrand. Released posthumously it is considered one of the first examples of modern prose poetry. The poems themselves are expressed with a strong romanticist verve and explore fantasies of medieval Europe.
 A Short Account of the Destruction of the Indies (Spanish: Brevísima relación de la destrucción de las Indias) is an account written by the Spanish Dominican friar Bartolomé de las Casas in 1542 (published in 1552) about the mistreatment of the indigenous peoples of the Americas in colonial times and sent to then Prince Philip II of Spain.He wrote it for Charles I of Spain.
 The Next Witness is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as The Last Witness in the May 1955 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Witnesses published by the Viking Press in 1956.
 The Lesser Blessed is a novel by Canadian writer Richard Van Camp first published in 1996 by Douglas & McIntyre.
 Leather Maiden is a crime/mystery novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.
 The Great Olympic Encyclopedia (Russian: Большая олимпийская энциклопедия or БОЭ; transliterated Bolshaya olimpiyskaya entsiklopediya) is the 3rd Olympic encyclopedia in Russian issued by the Bolshaya Rossiyskaya entsiklopediya state publisher. In 2007 the Great Olympic Encyclopedia has been included in Yandex.Dictionaries.
 Critical Path is a book written by US author and inventor R. Buckminster Fuller with the assistance of Kiyoshi Kuromiya. First published in 1981 it is alongside Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth one of Fuller's best-known works.
 Persuasion is Jane Austen's last completed novel. She began it soon after she had finished Emma and completed it in August 1816.
 The Standard (Chinese: 英文虎報; Jyutping: jing1 man4 fu2 bou3) is an English free newspaper in Hong Kong with a daily circulation of 231018. It was called the Hong Kong Standard and changed to HKiMail during the Internet boom but reverted to The Standard in 2001.The South China Morning Post is its main local competitor.
 The Battalion (often referred to simply as The Batt) is the student newspaper of Texas A&M University. Started in 1893 as a monthly publication it continues to this day now as a daily paper. The first paper at Texas A&M University was the Texas Collegian published in 1878. It was later named the College Journal from 1889 to 1893 and then The Battalion.
 Last Battle Of The Icemark is the Third and presumably final book in the Icemark Chronicles by English author Stuart Hill. It was released on the 7 July 2008 in the United Kingdom and was released on 15 April 2009 in the US. It is currently out of print in the United Kingdom.
 The Realms of the Gods is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the fourth and last in a series of books The Immortals.
 The Annotated Turing: A Guided Tour Through Alan Turing’s Historic Paper on Computability and the Turing Machine is a book by Charles Petzold published in 2008 by John Wiley & Sons Inc. Petzold annotates Alan Turing's paper On Computable Numbers with an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem. The book takes readers sentence by sentence through Turing's paper providing explanations further examples corrections and biographical information.
 Anandamela or Anondamela or Anonodomela (Bengali: আনন্দমেলা) is a children's periodical in the Bengali language published by ABP Limited (Ananda Bazar Patrika Group) from Kolkata India. Also with the Sunday issue of Ananda Bazar Patrika the Bengali daily newspaper a colourful page is distributed free of cost- that page is named as Anandamela.
 The Final Prophecy is a novel in the New Jedi Order series written by Greg Keyes. Published and released in 2003 it is the twentieth installment of the series which is set in the Star Wars universe.
 Local Color is the third published book by the American author Truman Capote released in the Fall of 1950. Local Color includes notes and sketches about persons and places including travel journal-style essays on cities and countries Capote had lived in or visited.Local Color was published while Capote was vacationing in Venice.
 Futari Ecchi (ふたりエッチ Futari Etchi) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Katsu Aki. It has been serialized in Young Animal since 1997 with the chapters later combined into tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha of which to date there are fifty-three. The series follows a newlywed couple in their mid-twenties both virgins when they married and chronicles their sexual explorations. The manga combines erotic elements with factual and informative statistics.
 The Journal of Addictions Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal which publishes original articles on current research issues practices and innovations in the field of addictions with focus on addictions nursing. It is the official journal of the International Nurses Society on Addictions.The journal is edited by Christine Vourakis (California State University Sacramento CA USA).
 The Last Picture in the World is a poem written by Canadian poet Al Purdy in 1999. It appears in the book Beyond Remembering: the collected poems of Al Purdy along with other poems that he wrote over his lifetime.
 The Journal of American History is the official academic journal of the Organization of American Historians. It covers the field of American history and was established in 1914 as the Mississippi Valley Historical Review the official journal of the Mississippi Valley Historical Association.
 Kare First Love (Japanese: 彼 First Love Hepburn: Kare Fāsuto Rabu) is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Kaho Miyasaka. It was originally serialized in Shōjo Comic from March 2002 to August 2004 and the individual chapters were published in ten tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan from September 2002 to December 2004.
 In Search of The La's: A Secret Liverpool is a biography about The La's written by M.W. Macefield published in 2003 by Helter Skelter Publishing. The book gives a detailed history of the band with interviews from several ex-members and other persons related to the group. The author also discusses his own journey in tracking down each of the interviewees.
 Marketing Week is a magazine focused on the marketing industry in the UK. The magazine is based in London.The magazine is owned by the LSE-listed company Centaur Media plc. Among the senior staff are Publishing Director Sarah Gilchriest and Editor Ruth Mortimer. Its circulation is approximately 40000 with around 30000 of those accounted for by controlled circulation. ABC primary circulation for 2009 was 36619.Marketing Week was launched in March 1978.
 A Sound Like Someone Trying Not to Make a Sound (Doubleday Books for Young Readers September 28 2004 ISBN 0-385-74680-6) is a children's picture book written by John Irving and illustrated by Tatjana Hauptmann. The story was originally a children's book written by a character in Irving's 1998 novel A Widow for One Year.
 Rune War is the twenty-fourth book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 The Sacred Depths of Nature is a 1998 book by biologist Ursula W. Goodenough on religious naturalism. Recently the Book translated into the Persian as the Minoo-ye Tabi'at (Persian: مینوی طبیعت).This book written by a biologist given an overview of life on earth within the context of a type of religious naturalism
 Brain Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on several aspects of neuroscience. It publishes research reports and minireviews. The editor-in-chief is Irwin B. Levitan.Until 2011 full reviews were published in Brain Research Reviews which is now integrated into the main section albeit with independent volume numbering.
 The Journal of Asthma is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers asthma and related conditions.
 He Is My Master (これが私の御主人様 Kore ga Watashi no Goshujin-sama) is a gag comedy manga which ran in Monthly Shōnen Gangan later spun off into a television anime series in the harem genre with a lolicon aspect. The manga is authored by two individuals: Mattsu (まっつー) who does the story and his ex-wife Asu Tsubaki (椿あす) who does the artwork.
 The Kloran (a portmanteau of Klan and Koran) is the handbook of the Ku Klux Klan. Versions of the Kloran typically contain detailed descriptions of the role of different Klan members as well as detailing Klan ceremonies and procedures.The letters Kl were often used at the beginning of words to delineate a Klan association. Examples include: Kloran Klonversation (conversation) Klavern (cavern or tavern; local branch or meeting place) Klavaliers etc.
 Dragons of War (1994) is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Rowley.
 Cocaine Blues is a crime novel by Kerry Greenwood first published in Australia in 1989 by McPhee Gribble and in the United States in 1991 under the title of Death By Misadventure by Fawcett Publications. It is the first novel featuring Phryne Fisher.
 Transformers: Exiles is a fantasy-adventure novel by Alexander C. Irvine. Transformers: Exiles is the sequel to Transformers: Exodus and existing in the same continuity as Transformers: Prime Transformers: War for Cybertron and Transformers: Fall of Cybertron.
 Thymos: Journal of Boyhood Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2007 as the fourth of five published by Men's Studies Press and the first worldwide to focus specifically on boys and boyhood.The publisher's Scope reads: THYMOS (ISSN: 1931-9045) is a peer-reviewed journal devoted to providing an interdisciplinary forum for the critical discussion of boyhood and the dissemination of current research and reflections on boys’ lives to a broad cross-disciplinary audience of teachers and scholars researchers and health-care practitioners and policy-makers. 
 Superior is a creator-owned comic book series written by Mark Millar and illustrated by Leinil Francis Yu. It is published by Marvel Comics under the company's Icon imprint.It is the story of Simon Pooni a 12-year-old-boy who had it all going for him - plenty of friends at school good looks and a promising basketball career. But that was when he could still move his legs.
 Fantastic Universe was a U.S. science fiction magazine which began publishing in the 1950s. It ran for 69 issues from June 1953 to March 1960 under two different publishers. It was part of the explosion of science fiction magazine publishing in the 1950s in the United States and was moderately successful outlasting almost all of its competitors.
 The Verificationist is a 2000 novel by American author Donald Antrim. The novel follows the conversations fantasies and the emotionally dissociated states of a group of psychoanalysts gathered during a nocturnal pancake supper.
 Buddhist–Christian Studies is an academic journal covering the historical and contemporary interrelationships between Buddhism and Christianity. It includes articles conference reports book reviews and sections on comparative methodology and historical comparisons as well as ongoing discussions from two dialogue conferences: the Theological Encounter with Buddhism and the Japan Society for Buddhist–Christian Studies.
 Larklight is a children's novel by author Philip Reeve. Illustrated by David Wyatt it is the first book in the Larklight Trilogy. The hardcover edition has alternate title lines Or the Revenge of the White Spiders! or to Saturn's Rings and Back!
 Horsemen of the Esophagus by Jason Fagone is a nonfiction book about the sport of competitive eating and the outsized American appetite. Horsemen follows three American gurgitators during a year on the pro eating circuit: Ohio housepainter David Coondog O'Karma South Jersey truck driver Bill El Wingador Simmons and Manhattan day-trader Tim Eater X Janus.
 The Bloke's Guide To Pregnancy is a 2004 book by Jon Smith a father Internet marketing expert and author of the Amazon.co.uk Best Seller Get Into Bed With Google. The book provides advice information and a helping hand to expectant fathers and new dads. Written with the input of 116 dads the book outlines what dad can expect to see think and feel over the nine months of pregnancy.
 The Man-Eating Myth: Anthropology and Anthropophagy is an influential anthropological study of socially sanctioned cultural cannibalism across the world which casts a critical perspective on the existence of such practices.
 Willie: An Autobiography is an autobiographic book written by American Country music singer-songwriter Willie Nelson with the assistance of writer Bud Shrake. Published by Simon & Schuster in 1988 the book received favorable reviews.
 Mr. Chas and Lisa Sue Meet the Pandas is a 1994 children's book written by Fran Lebowitz with illustrations by Michael Graves.
 The Widow and Her Hero is a novel by the Australian author Thomas Keneally set in Australia during World War II.
 The Dalhousie Gazette (more commonly referred to as The Gazette) is the main student publication at Dalhousie University in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada. The paper first began publishing in 1868 making it the oldest continually operating student newspaper in North America followed by The Harvard Crimson (1873) and The Columbia Daily Spectator (1877).
 Dinasudar is an Indian Tamil-language daily newspaper that was started in February 1964 by Dr. B. S. Mani. It primarily targeted the Tamil audience in Bengaluru Karnataka with circulation reaching the Krishnagiri district of Tamil Nadu. In the late 2000s it expanded to publishing from Krishnagiri Tamil Nadu as well.
 Ash-Shiraa (or Al-Shiraa) (Arabic: الشراع The Sail in English) is an Arabic magazine published in Lebanon. The magazine is one of the oldest publications in the country.
 Karobar National Economic Daily (Nepali कारोबार राष्ट्रिय आर्थिक दैनिक) is a Nepali language Daily economic newspaper published in Kathmandu Nepal. The newspaper began its circulation in December 2009.Karobar Economic Daily is the first daily newspaper in Nepal that contains economy related news. The newspaper is published in peach newsprint making it the first in the country. The newspaper is currently published simultaneously from Kathmandu and Itahari.
 Death of a Doxy is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by Viking Press in 1966.
 ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on human–computer interaction. It was established in 1994 and is published by the Association for Computing Machinery.
 Chambers Biographical Dictionary provides concise descriptions of over 18000 notable figures from Britain and the rest of the world. It was first published in 1897.The centenary edition (ISBN 0-550-16060-4) was edited by Melanie Parry and the revised edition (ISBN 0-550-18022-2) was edited by J. O. Thorne and T. C. Collocott. The 9th edition 2011 has biographies of over 18000 people most consisting of about a dozen lines in a two-column page layout.
 Sri Krishna Rayabaram (Telugu: శ్రీ కృష్ణ రాయబారం) is a popular Telugu drama written by Tirupati Venkata Kavulu in the early 20th century. It was made as a Telugu film in 1960. Many actors and companies have staged this production throughout Andhra Pradesh India and abroad.
 Marmara (Armenian: Մարմարա) (sometimes Nor Marmara - New Marmara) is an Armenian-language daily newspaper published since August 31 1940 in Istanbul Turkey. It was established by Armenian journalist and foreign correspondent Souren Shamlian. Initially a weekly newspaper it was soon published daily due to intense interest. Following Shamlian's death in 1951 his daughter and her husband Seta and Bedros Zobyan took over the paper.
 An Afternoon in the Woods is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was published posthumously in 1988 in her Collected Works. It is the final version of The Turkey and The Capture and was originally part of her 1947 master thesis and was going to be published in 1955 compilation but was replaced with Good County People. A devout Roman Catholic O'Connor often used religious themes in her work.
 Brazilian Adventure is a book by Peter Fleming about his search for the lost Colonel Percy Fawcett in the Brazilian jungle. Fawcett along with his son and another companion had disappeared while searching for the Lost City of Z in 1925. Fleming was working as literary editor for The Times when he answered a small ad asking for volunteers to join an expedition to find out what had happened to Fawcett.
 Aargauer Zeitung (English: Aargauer Newspaper) is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published by AZ Medien Gruppe Aarau Aargau.
 The Sign of the Crooked Arrow is Volume 28 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Andrew E. Svenson in 1949. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Hadhrat Ahmad is a book written by Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad the second Khalifatul Masih of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. The book was first released in July 1967 and its more three impressions were released in 1985 1995 and 1998. This book is a biography of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad the founder of the Ahmaddiya Muslim Community. The book was written in English.
 Ulysses Moore is a series of twelve adventure books written by the Italian author Pierdomenico Baccalario. The plot of the series centers around the fictional village of Kilmore Cove and its Doors of Time. So far only the first four novels have been translated into English and they are published by Scholastic Corporation a New York-based publishing company.
 Probability Surveys is an open-access electronic journal that is jointly sponsored by the Bernoulli Society and the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. It publishes review articles on topics of interest in probability theory.
 Bota Sot (English: World Today) is a daily newspaper from Kosovo originally published by Kosovo diaspora in Switzerland. It is published by Media Print and is owned by Xhevdet Mazrekaj a diaspora businessman. The newspaper was published for the first time in 1995 - in the beginning only abroad.
 The Forge of War (ISBN 0-7869-4153-7) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Peddling Prosperity: Economic Sense and Nonsense in an Age of Diminished Expectations is a book by Nobel laureate (for unrelated work on trade theory) and New York Times columnist Paul Krugman first published in 1994 by W. W. Norton & Company. Shortly after its publication Newsweek called it the best primer around on recent U.S.
 Japan (ジャパン) is a manga written by Buronson and illustrated by Kentaro Miura.
 X Isle is a young adult novel by Steve Augarde first published in 2009. It is set in the future after floods have destroyed civilization. The novel follows the experiences of a boy named Baz on his arrival at X Isle from the equally miserable mainland. The book has been nominated for the Carnegie Medal.
 Tales of Princess Mimia known in Japan as Princess Mimia (Japanese: ミミア姫 Hepburn: Mimia Hime) is a manga series by Yutaka Tanaka. It was originally an one-shot manga that was published by Kodansha in 2005.
 The Bastard Prince is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1994. It was the twelfth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the third book in her fourth Deryni trilogy The Heirs of Saint Camber. Although the Heirs trilogy was the fourth Deryni series to be published it is a direct sequel to the second trilogy The Legends of Camber of Culdi.
 Vanity Dies Hard is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell published in 1966.
 Great Sky River is a Nebula Award nominated 1987 novel written by author Gregory Benford as a part of his Galactic Center Saga series of books.
 The Shadow of the Wind (Spanish: La Sombra Del Viento) is a 2001 novel by Spanish writer Carlos Ruiz Zafón and a worldwide bestseller. The book was translated into English in 2004 by Lucia Graves and sold over a million copies in the UK after already achieving success on mainland Europe topping the Spanish bestseller lists for weeks. It was published in the United States by Penguin Books and in Great Britain by Weidenfeld & Nicolson and by Orion Books.
 Scrubs Magazine is a lifestyle magazine and website for nurses which premiered November 15 2009. The quarterly magazine which covers a range of lifestyle topics including beauty money style health and wellness is audited by Business Publications Audit (BPA) Worldwide.
 W is a monthly American fashion magazine published by Condé Nast Publications who purchased original owner Fairchild Publications in 1999. It was created in 1972 by the publisher of sister magazine Women's Wear Daily James Brady. The magazine is an oversize format – ten inches wide and thirteen inches tall. Stefano Tonchi is the editor of W; Lucy Kriz is the vice president and publisher. W magazine has a reader base of nearly half a million 469000 of which are annual subscribers.
 Shooting an Elephant is an essay by George Orwell first published in the literary magazine New Writing in the autumn of 1936 and broadcast by the BBC Home Service on October 12 1948.The essay describes the experience of the English narrator possibly Orwell himself called upon to shoot an aggressive elephant while working as a police officer in Burma.
 Tales of the Black Widowers is a collection of mystery short stories by American author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional club of mystery solvers the Black Widowers. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in June 1974 and in paperback by the Fawcett Crest imprint of Ballantine Books in August 1976. The first British edition was issued by Panther in 1976.
 Letters From Wolfie is a children's novel by Patti Sherlock. It is about Mark Cantrell a boy living in the United States during the Vietnam War and his dog Wolfie. The novel was inspired by real events and has a strong anti-war sentiment. Letters from Wolfie won the 2005 Merial Human-Animal Bond Award from the Dog Writers Association of America and was nominated for the Young Readers Medal in California the Young Reader's Choice Award in Rhode Island and the Maine Student Book Award.
 Clovis Dardentor is an 1896 fiction novel by French writer Jules Verne written partly as a travel narrative. Compared to other Verne novels it is a relatively unknown work.Very common throughout Clovis Dardentor is Verne's usage of a comedic slightly burlesque tone in the narration and in the characters' dialogues (something which the narrator confirms at a certain point of the novel).The original illustrations were drawn by designer Léon Benett.
 Insektenbörse (English: Insect Exchange) was a German entomology magazine established in 1884. It was renamed Entomologisches Wochenblatt (English: Entomology Weekly) in 1907-1908 and renamed again Entomologische Rundschau (English: Entomological Review) in 1909-1939. Beginning with volume 26 the journal was published by Alfred Kernen Verlag Stuttgart Germany. Insekten-Börse was also issued at various times as a trade supplement to Entomologische Zeitschrift (English: Entomological Journal).
 Glass Mask (ガラスの仮面 Garasu no Kamen) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Suzue Miuchi serialized in Hana to Yume from January 1976 and collected in 49 tankōbon volumes as of October 2012. The story has also been adapted into anime and a live action television series. As of 2006 the collected volumes had 50 million copies in Japan making it the second best-selling shōjo manga ever.
 Beginnings is the sixth volume in the Worlds of Honor series in the Honorverse. It was published by Baen Books on July 2 2013.The book includes five stories: By the Book by Charles E. Gannon is a very atypical story because it is set in the solar system in our near future more than 1200 years before any other story in the Honorverse. A Call To Arms by Timothy Zahn is set in the beginnings of the Kingdom of Manticore with the only attack on it before Honor Harrington's epoch.
 The Lost Lansdale Series is a series of four books by Joe R. Lansdale. None of the books in the Lost Lansdale series will ever be re-issued in any form including paperback. All have long since sold out.
 Modern Primitives written by V. Vale and Andrea Juno is a RE/Search publications book about body modification published in 1989. The book consists of a collection of twenty two interviews and two essays with individuals and key figures involved the field of body modification in the late 1980s.
 Vintage PKD is a collection of science fiction stories novel excerpts and non-fiction by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Vintage Books in 2006.
 The Decision (Die Maßnahme) frequently translated as The Measures Taken is a Lehrstück cantata by the twentieth-century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht. Created in collaboration with composer Hanns Eisler and director Slatan Dudow it consists of eight sections in prose and unrhymed free verse with six major songs. A note to the text by all three collaborators describes it as an attempt to use a didactic piece to make familiar an attitude of positive intervention.
 The University of Pittsburgh Law Review is a journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at University of Pittsburgh School of Law. The Review is published quarterly with recent issues available online. It is one of the 40 most-cited law reviews in the country.The University of Pittsburgh Law Review was founded in 1934 with a staff of nine.
 Acta Informatica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research papers in computer science.The journal is known mostly for publications in theoretical computer science. One of the two 1988 papers awarded the Gödel Prize in 1995 has appeared in this journal.
 The Journal of Animal Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of animal science. It is published by the American Society of Animal Science.
 Woodstock Nation: A Talk-Rock Album is a book written by Abbie Hoffman in 1969 that describes his experiences at that year's Woodstock Music and Arts Festival.
 The Alleluia Files is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Sharon Shinn published in 1999. It is the third book in the Samaria series.
 Raw was a comics anthology edited by Art Spiegelman and Françoise Mouly and published by Mouly from 1980 to 1991. It was a flagship publication of the 1980s alternative comics movement serving as a more intellectual counterpoint to Robert Crumb's visceral Weirdo which followed squarely in the underground tradition of Zap and Arcade. Along with the more genre-oriented Heavy Metal it was also one of the main venues for European comics in the United States in its day.
 Children of the River is a young adult novel by Linda Crew published in 1989. It follows the story of a young girl who moves from Cambodia to live in the United States of America.
 The Mormon Prophet and His Harem; or an Authentic History of Brigham Young His Numerous Wives and Children. is a biography of Brigham Young by C. V. Waite first published in 1866.
 On Fairy-Stories is an essay by J. R. R. Tolkien which discusses the fairy-story as a literary form. It was initially written (and entitled simply Fairy Stories) for presentation by Tolkien as the Andrew Lang lecture at the University of St Andrews Scotland in 1939. It first appeared in print with some enhancement in 1947 in a festschrift volume Essays Presented to Charles Williams compiled by C. S. Lewis.
 Angel: A Maximum Ride Novel is the seventh and penultimate novel in the Maximum Ride series created by James Patterson. It was released on February 14 2011.
 Apaimanee Saga: The Pirates Dawn (Thai: อภัยมณี ซาก้า: รุ่งอรุณแห่งโจรสลัด) is a Thai comic series written and illustrated by Supot A. It was originally serialized in Thailand in NED Comics' magazine Boom.It's the next part of Apaimanee Saga.
 Rising Sun is a 1992 internationally best-selling novel by Michael Crichton about a murder in the Los Angeles headquarters of Nakamoto a fictional Japanese corporation. The book was published by Alfred A. Knopf.Although a detective/murder mystery novel at first glance Rising Sun deals with the controversial subject of Japanese-American relations and questions the premise that foreign direct investment in the high-technology sectors of the United States is beneficial.
 Congress on Research in Dance is an international non-profit interdisciplinary society for dance researchers artists performers and choreographers. CORD publishes the Dance Research Journal and sponsors annual conferences which distribute annual awards. CORD is a membership-driven United States 501(c)(3) organization. The society was founded in 1964 as the Committee on Research in Dance and based at New York University.
 Elle is a worldwide lifestyle magazine of French origin that focuses on fashion beauty health and entertainment. Elle is also the world's best selling fashion magazine. It was founded by Pierre Lazareff and his wife Hélène Gordon in 1945. The title in French means she or her.
 Tribes is a children's book by Arthur Slade.[1]
 Anne of Avonlea is a novel by Lucy Maud Montgomery. It was first published in 1909.
 Novadnieks is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Doki Doki School Hours (せんせいのお時間 Sensei no Ojikan: Doki Doki School Hours) is a four panel manga series and anime series by Tamami Momose.Sensei no Ojikan was serialised in Bamboo Comics from 1997 published by Takeshobō. A 13 episode anime TV series adaptation was created by J.C.Staff. It was aired on TV Tokyo from April 4 2004 to June 27 2004 A 7 episode OVA Sensei no Ojikan Gold (せんせいのお時間 ご～るど) was also produced by J.C.Staff.
 Remote (リモート Rimōto) is a manga series written by Tadashi Agi and illustrated by Tetsuya Koshiba and published in Kodansha's Young Magazine from 2002 to 2004. The manga follows Kurumi Ayaki the newest member of the Unsolved Crimes Division Special Unit B.Remote was adapted into a ten-episode Japanese television drama in October 2002. The North American version of the manga is published by Tokyopop.
 Peacemaker Kurogane (PEACE MAKER鐵 Pīsu Meikā Kurogane)(鐵 meaning Iron) is a historical fiction manga series written and illustrated created by Nanae Chrono (黒乃 奈々絵 Kurono Nanae). It is unrelated to the Peace Maker manga by Ryōji Minagawa. The story begins in 19th century Japan before the Meiji Restoration a chain of events that led to enormous changes in Japan's political and social structure while the seeds of the revolution are being planted.
 The Teapot (Danish: Theepotten) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen about a teapot and her adventures. The tale was first published 1863 and demonstrates the Andersen's talent for investing ordinary household objects with life character and personality.
 For a disambiguation of Timegate see: Timegate (disambiguation)Timegates (ISBN 0-441-00428-8) is an 1997 anthology of short stories edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois.
 I Am a Strange Loop is a 2007 book by Douglas Hofstadter examining in depth the concept of a strange loop to explain the sense of I. The concept of a strange loop was originally developed in his 1979 book Gödel Escher Bach.Hofstadter had previously expressed disappointment with how Gödel Escher Bach which won the Pulitzer Prize in 1980 for general nonfiction was received.
 SF '59: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy is a 1959 anthology of science fiction and fantasy short stories and articles edited by Judith Merril. It was published by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies some of which were never bound. It was the fourth in a series of 12 annual anthologies edited by Merrill.
 History is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Historical Association. It was established in 1916 and publishes original articles book reviews and archive pieces in all areas of historical scholarship.
 Vaccine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier. It is targeted towards medical professionals who are interested in vaccines and vaccination. It describes itself as an interface between academics those in research and development and workers in the field. Relevant topics range from basic research through to applications safety and legislation.
 The Pensacola News Journal is a daily morning newspaper serving Escambia and Santa Rosa counties in Florida. It is Northwest Florida's most widely read daily.The News Journal is owned by Gannett Co. a national media holding company that owns newspapers such as USA TODAY and the Arizona Republic among others.
 The Healthy Dead is a novella by Canadian author Steven Erikson set in the world of his Malazan Book of the Fallen epic fantasy series.
 The Bears on Hemlock Mountain (1952) written by Alice Dalgliesh and illustrated by Helen Sewell is children's novella based according to the author's note on a tall tale from Pennsylvania. It won a 1953 Newbery Honor award.
 Pinky is the title character of an Italian humorous comic series created by Massimo Mattioli.
 Irish America is a bi-monthly periodical that aims to cover topics relevant to the Irish in North America including a range of political economic social and cultural themes. The magazine’s inaugural issue was published in October 1985.
 Applied Thermal Engineering is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original articles concerning all aspects of the thermal engineering of advanced processes including process integration intensification and development together with the application of thermal equipment in conventional process plant which includes its use for heat recovery. The current editor-in-chief is D. A. Reay.
 The Chess Master or 棋王 (qíwáng) is a novel by Chinese writer Zhong Acheng writing under his pseudonym A Cheng. This short novel features characters who were part of the Down to the Countryside Movement after the Cultural Revolution. Written from the point of view of an unnamed narrator readers learn more and more about the titular character the chess master Wang Yisheng and what drives him to play Chinese chess.
 Book of Enchantments is a collection of short stories by fantasy author Patricia C. Wrede. It was first published in hardcover by Harcourt Brace in 1996 and was subsequently issued in paperback by Point Fantasy in 1998 and in trade paperback by Magic Carpet Books in 2005.
 Morality for Beautiful Girls is the third in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Gaborone Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.
 Cycling Weekly is a British cycling magazine. It is published by IPC Media and is devoted to the sport and pastime of cycling. It is affectionately referred to by British club cyclists as The Comic.
 The Maze is a novel published by the Greek writer Panos Karnezis in 2004. The book is the story of the odyssey of a Greek army brigade in Anatolia trying to make their way back home.The Maze was shortlisted for the 2004 Whitbread First Novel Award.
 The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a children's picture book designed illustrated and written by Eric Carle first published by the World Publishing Company in 1969 later published by Penguin Putnam. It features a caterpillar who eats its way through a wide variety of foodstuffs before pupating and emerging as a butterfly. The winner of many children's literature awards and a major graphic design award it has sold 30 million copies worldwide.
 Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Knife-Throwing Scene is a short story written by author Veronica Roth. The work retells the events of chapter thirteen of Divergent but is written from the perspective of Tobias Four Eaton instead of Beatrice Tris Prior. It was released on April 23 2012.
 Hurry Down Sunshine is a best-selling 2008 memoir by nonfiction writer Michael Greenberg. The book tells the story of the author's daughter and her battle with mental illness.
 Gazeta Wyborcza (Polish pronunciation: [ɡaˈzɛta vɨˈbɔrtʂa] Electoral Gazette) is a newspaper printed in Poland. It covers the gamut of political international and general news from a liberal perspective. Like all Polish newspapers it is printed on compact-sized paper.As of 2013 it was the second highest selling newspaper in Poland despite a declining circulation.
 Hime-chan's Ribbon (姫ちゃんのリボン Hime-chan no Ribon) is a magical girl manga series created by Megumi Mizusawa that was serialized in Ribon Magazine from August 1990 to January 1994. It was later developed into a 61 episode anime series produced by Studio Gallop that aired from October 2 1992 to December 3 1993. Hajime Watanabe's first project as a character designer was with Hime-chan no Ribbon.
 Phaic Tăn (subtitled Sunstroke on a Shoestring) is a parody travel guidebook examining imaginary country Phaic Tăn. The book was written by Australians Tom Gleisner Santo Cilauro and Rob Sitch. It is the effective sequel to Molvanîa which was also published by Jetlag Travel and written by Tom Gleisner Santo Cilauro and Rob Sitch.
 Brecha is a Uruguayan weekly newspaper.
 L.A. Record is an independent music magazine originally published weekly as a broadsheet poster. The poster usually depicts a local Los Angeles musicians and according to the magazine editors is meant to recreate an iconic album cover. In March 2008 it began publishing as a monthly magazine with a poster inside. The magazine is available to the public free of charge at local community spots in Southern California.
 San Sombrèro (subtitled A Land of Carnivals Cocktails and Coups) is a parody travel guide book examining the eponymous fictional country described as the birthplace of tinted sunglasses and sequins.
 Juiced.GS is a print magazine/newsletter for Apple II computer users. Although the name implies a focus on the Apple IIGS its coverage encompasses all Apple II systems. It is the longest-running Apple II publication and since 1999 the only Apple II publication still in print as of 2014.The 20-page magazine/newsletter (with the occasional 24-page special edition) is published quarterly and is mailed to subscribers around the world.
 Leadership is a daily national newspaper published by Leadership Newspaper Group based in Abuja Nigeria. On its website the paper asserts: We shall stand up for good governance. We shall defend the interests of the Nigerian state even against its leaders and we shall raise our pen at all times in defence of what is right.
 Dearly Devoted Dexter (2005) is a crime/horror novel by Jeff Lindsay the second in his series about psychopathic vigilante Dexter Morgan which has been adapted into a television series. It is narrated by the title character.
 The Sport of the Gods is a novel by Paul Laurence Dunbar first published in 1902 centered around urban black life. Forced to leave the South a family falls apart amid the harsh realities of Northern inner city life in this 1902 examination of the forces that extinguish the dreams of African Americans.
 The Mystery of Irma Vep is a play in three acts by Charles Ludlam. It is a satire of several theatrical literary and film genres including Victorian melodrama farce the penny dreadful Wuthering Heights and the Alfred Hitchcock film Rebecca (1940). The title is the name of a character in the 1915 French movie serial Les Vampires and is an anagram for the word vampire.
 The Curry Mile is a 2006 novel written by the Pakistani Manchester-based novelist Zahid Hussain. The debut novel was also the first book published by Suitcase Press. The book is set on Wilmslow Road also known as the Curry Mile in the Rusholme area of Manchester. The novel is a piece of urban realism written in dual narrative. It charts the life of a Pakistani family in the restaurant trade.
 Yon Ill Wind is the twentieth novel of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 99 Francs is a 2000 novel by French writer Frédéric Beigbeder. The book was released in France on August 2000 through Grasset & Fasquelle and has since been re-released under the titles € 14.99 and € 6. Shortly after the book's initial release Beigbeder was fired from his advertising job after his employers read 99 Francs.In 2007 the film was adapted into a film by the same name that was directed by Jan Kounen.
 Dustbin Baby (2001) is a children's novel by English author Jacqueline Wilson. The story focuses on April a fourteen-year-old girl who was abandoned by her mother in a dustbin when she was only a few minutes old. After a blazing row with her foster mother she goes in search of her past. The book was adapted into a film in 2008 by the BBC.
 Family Tree Magazine is a publication about genealogy and family history published by F+W Media in Cincinnati Ohio.It was founded in 1999 and has a paid circulation of about 70000. Topics include resource guides for specific ethnicities technology how-to articles history and genealogy news. Its contributors include photo identification expert Maureen Taylor.
 Past Continuous is a 1977 novel originally written in Hebrew by Israeli novelist Yaakov Shabtai. The original title Zikhron Devarim (Hebrew: זכרון דברים‎) is a form of contract or letter of agreement or memorandum but could also be translated literally as Remembrance of Things.Past Continuous is Shabtai’s first and only completed novel. It was written as one continuous 280-page paragraph (broken up in the English translation) with some sentences spanning several pages.
 Front was first published by Cabal Communications in 1998 it was created to rival IPC's publication Loaded catering to a demographic of 16- to 25-year-old males. It began as part of the British lads' mag genre of magazines though the covers rejects this description with the statement Front is no lads' mag. Whilst a major selling point is the photo-shoots of models the magazine also focuses heavily on music films gadgets and games plus sections on fashion and sport.
 The Politic: The Yale College Journal of Politics is a quarterly Yale University student publication that traces its roots to 1947 when the Yale Political Journal: A Magazine of Student Opinion was founded. The magazine was revived in 1979 as the Yale Political Monthly by future political commentator and historian Robert Kagan and known alternately as Yale Political Magazine for the following twenty years.
 The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the United Kingdom by William Collins Sons in June 1926 and in the United States by Dodd Mead and Company on the 19th of the same month. It features Hercule Poirot as the lead detective.
 A Catalogue of Crime by Jacques Barzun and Wendell Hertig Taylor is a critique of crime fiction first published in 1971. A revised edition was published in 1989 by Barzun after the death of Taylor in 1985. The book was awarded a Special Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America in 1972.
 The Detonators published in 1985 is a novel in the long-running secret agent series Matt Helm by Donald Hamilton.
 The European Journal of Physics is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal dedicated to maintaining and improving the standard of physics education in higher education.
 Moottori (English: Engine) is the oldest automobile magazine in Finland published by Yhtyneet Kuvalehdet.It is the member magazine of the Automobile and Touring Club of Finland (ATCF) (in Finnish Autoliitto). The magazine has car tests travel articles and articles of Finnish traffic policy.
 Army of Terror is the sixth book in the Galaxy of Fear series by John Whitman set in the Star Wars galaxy shortly after Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. This book is also the final chapter of the Project Starscream story arc.
 The Chronology of Ancient Kingdoms is an approximately 87000-word composition written by Sir Isaac Newton first published posthumously in 1728 in limited supply but since republished in mass paperback format. The work represents one of Newton's forays into the topic of chronology detailing the rise and history of various ancient kingdoms throughout antiquity.The treatise is composed of eight primary sections.
 Bill Bergson Lives Dangerously (original Swedish title: Mästerdetektiven Blomkvist lever farligt) is a 1951 Swedish novel written by Astrid Lindgren. It's the 2nd book about the Master Detective Kalle Blomkvist. In this book the Rövarspråket (Robber Language) appeares for the first time and is very popular until present. According to the book Eva-Lotta's father Master Baker told her when he and his friends spoke Rövarspråket as boys.
 Mr. Potter (2002) is a novel by Antiguan born writer Jamaica Kincaid. The book has twelve parts with no title and the author narrates how it is to be a girl that grew without having a father and how this fact reflected on her. Prose and poem are mixed in this memoir so the genre is very difficult to define. The author narrates the story in a way that time and space are all blurred as we get totally immersed in her flashbacks.
 Bali Post Media Group (BPMG) is an Indonesian media conglomerate founded by Ketut Nadha in 1948. The group is one of the largest media groups in Indonesia. It is currently led by ABG Satria Naradha the son of Ketut Nadha. It has diversified businesses and interests in media industry. BPMG businesses include broadcast media print media online media and a number of other businesses. Bali Post Media Group is claimed as the largest media holders in Bali Indonesia.
 The Word was a monthly music magazine published in London. It was voted UK 'Music Magazine Of The Year' in 2007 and 2008. It ran for 114 issues the last bearing the cover date August 2012.The Word was launched in February 2003.
 Olympos Dan Simmons' novel published in 2005 is the sequel to Ilium and final part of Ilium/Olympos duology. Like its predecessor it is a work of science fiction and contains many literary references: it blends together Homer's epics the Iliad and the Odyssey Shakespeare's The Tempest and has frequent smaller references to other works including Proust James Joyce Caliban upon Setebos Prometheus Unbound Shakespearean poetry and even William Blake and Virgil's Aeneid.
 The News Today is an English language tabloid newspaper circulating in Iloilo City the Philippines and with a specific focus on the provinces of Iloilo Guimaras Capiz and Negros Occidental. It was founded in 2000 and Nanette Guadalquiver is its current editor-in-chief. The main competitors of The News Today include The Daily Guardian and the Panay News.
 The Careful Use of Compliments is the fourth book in The Sunday Philosophy Club Series by Alexander McCall Smith.
 The Journal of Moral Philosophy is a peer-reviewed journal of moral political and legal philosophy with an international focus. It publishes articles in all areas of normative philosophy including pure and applied ethics as well as moral legal and political theory. Articles exploring non-Western traditions are also welcome.
 Issues in Mental Health Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal that covers psychiatric and mental health nursing. Because clinical research is the primary vehicle for the development of nursing science the journal presents data-based articles on nursing care provision to clients of all ages in a variety of community and institutional settings.
 A Mouthful of Air: Language and Languages Especially English is a work on the subject of linguistics by Anthony Burgess published in 1992.Among the topics covered are: the mechanics of linguistic sounds; the development of the English language and its connections with other languages; the making of dictionaries; the importance of slang; the International Phonetic Alphabet; the role of dialect; the best way to learn a foreign language; and a look at specific languages including Japanese and Malay.
 The Lad and the Lion is an adventure novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs written in February 1914. His working title for the piece was Men and Beasts. It was first published as a three-part serial in All-Story Weekly in the issues for June 30 July 7 and July 14 1917. The story was the first by Burroughs adapted to film as a five-reel black and white silent movie released by the Selig Polyscope Company premiering May 14 1917 roughly simultaneously with the print serial.
 Between Shades of Gray a New York Times Bestseller is the debut novel of American novelist Ruta Sepetys. It follows the Stalinist repressions of the latter half of the 20th century and follows the life of Lina as she is deported from her native Lithuania with her mother and younger brother and the journey they take to a work-camp in Siberia.
 Antisemitica designates in the fields of book collecting and rare book dealing the collection and distribution of books pamphlets serials posters and other printed literature of an antisemitic nature. It is to be noted that antisemitica does not generally designate antisemitic activity or antisemites themselves.
 Poison (original Norwegian title: Gift) is an 1883 novel by the Norwegian writer Alexander Kielland. The novel is the first in a trilogy including Fortuna (1884) and St. Hans Fest (1887).This famous novel is an attack on the Norwegian education system particularly on the obsession with Latin.
 The Kraken Wakes is an apocalyptic science fiction novel by John Wyndham originally published by Michael Joseph in the United Kingdom in 1953 and first published in the United States in the same year by Ballantine Books under the title Out of the Deeps as a mass market paperback. The title is a reference to Alfred Tennyson's sonnet The Kraken which describes the Scandinavian sea monster.
 Twilight's Child was written in 1992 by V. C. Andrews. It is the third novel of five in the Cutler series.
 Wolverine is a number of Marvel Comics comic book series starring the X-Men member Wolverine. As of April 2013 323 issues and 11 annuals have been published. It was the original flagship title created for the character.
 Friday Night Lights: A Town a Team and a Dream is a 1990 non-fiction book written by H. G. Bissinger. The book follows the story of the 1988 Permian High School Panthers football team from Odessa Texas as they made a run towards the Texas state championship. While originally intended to be a Hoosiers-type chronicle of high school sports holding a small town together the final book ended up being critical about life in the town of Odessa.
 Geoff Ryman (born 1951) is a writer of science fiction fantasy and slipstream fiction. Ryman has written and published seven novels including an early example of a hypertext novel 253 or Tube Theatre. He has won multiple awards including the World Fantasy Award.
 Brazzaville Beach is a novel by William Boyd for which he was awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for 1990 and the McVitie's Prize for Scottish Writer of the Year. The book tells the story of a woman Hope Clearwater researching chimpanzees and the circumstances that brought her to Africa.
 Beautiful Children: A Novel is the first novel by author Charles Bock. The novel was awarded the Sue Kaufman Prize for First Fiction in 2009 and was selected as a 100 Notable Books of 2008 by the The New York Times.
 The Crystal Cave is a 1970 fantasy novel by Mary Stewart. The first in a quintet of novels covering the Arthurian legend it is followed by The Hollow Hills.
 Awakenings is a 1973 non-fiction book by Oliver Sacks. It recounts the life histories of those who had been victims of the 1920s encephalitis lethargica epidemic. Sacks chronicles his efforts in the late 1960s to help these patients at the Beth Abraham Hospital (now Beth Abraham Health Services) in the Bronx New York. The treatment used the then-new drug L-DOPA.In 1982 Dr.
 Last Cab to Darwin is a 2003 Australian drama/comedy stage play written by Reg Cribb and based upon the true story of taxi driver Max Bell who was diagnosed with terminal stomach cancer in the early 1990s.
 The Diamond Chariot (Russian: Алмазная Колесница the Russian term for the Diamond Vehicle (kongōjō) school of Tantric Buddhism) is a historical mystery novel by internationally acclaimed Russian detective story writer Boris Akunin published originally in 2003. It is the tenth novel in Akunin's Erast Fandorin series of historical detective novels.
 The Head of the House of Coombe is a 1922 novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett. The Head of the House of Coombe follows the relationships between a group of pre–World War One English nobles and commoners.
 The European Coatings Journal is an English-language trade magazine for the coatings industry. It is published by Vincentz Network. It was established in 1986. According to the Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern it reached about 33.000 readers per issue in 2010. The European Coatings Journal is an official partner of the Conseil Européen de l'Industrie des Peintures des Encres d'Imprimerie et des Couleurs d'Arts the European coatings association.
 Voices Under Berlin: The Tale of a Monterey Mary is a 2008 novel by an American Author writing under the pen name of T. H. E. Hill. The action of the novel takes place in Berlin in the mid-1950s at the beginning of the Cold War before the construction of the Berlin Wall (1961). It loosely follows the history of the Berlin Tunnel (Operation Gold covername: PBJOINTLY) which was built and run jointly by the CIA and the British SIS.
 Sporti Shqiptar (English: Albanian Sport) is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Testament of Mary is a short novel by Irish writer Colm Tóibín. The book was published on 13 November 2012 by Scribner's.
 Time of Hope is the first chronological entry in C. P. Snow's series of novels Strangers and Brothers. It involves the beginning of Lewis Elliott's life in poverty in a small English town at the beginning of the 20th Century. Elliott eventually befriends George Passant who helps him study to become a barrister. Elliott moves to London and falls in love with Sheila Knight.
 Hardwired is a 1986 cyberpunk science fiction novel by Walter Jon Williams.
 Them (styled as them) is a novel by Joyce Carol Oates the third in the Wonderland Quartet she inaugurated with A Garden of Earthly Delights. It was first published by Vanguard in 1969 and it won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction in 1970.Many years and many awards later Oates surmised that them and Blonde (2000) were the works she will most be remembered for and would most want a new reader to select though she added that I could as easily have chosen a number of titles.
 A Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK Guide) is a book which presents a set of standard terminology and guidelines for project management. The Fifth Edition (2013) is the document resulting from work overseen by the Project Management Institute (PMI).
 Private Fears in Public Places is a 2004 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. The bleakest play written by Ayckbourn for many years it intimately follows a few days in the lives of six characters in four tightly-interwoven stories through 54 scenes.In 2006 it was made into a film Cœurs directed by Alain Resnais.
 The Chief Scouts' Advance Party Report was a publication produced in 1966 by The Boy Scout Association in the United Kingdom intended to modernise the Scout Movement. The report was attempting to address falling numbers within the Movement.
 Sugar Rush is Julie Burchill's first novel aimed at teenagers published in 2004. It charts the progress of Kim Lewis as she is forced to leave her posh high school and attend the infamous local comprehensive Ravendene. This coincides with a fight with her best friend Zoe Saint Clements leading to her making friends with Ravendene's Top Girl: Maria Sugar Sweet.
 Whirligig is a novel by Paul Fleischman. It is about a teenager who accidentally kills another teen in a car crash. As punishment he has to put up whirligigs in the four corners of the United States.
 A Civil Contract is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer first published in 1961. Set in 1814-1815 it is also a historical novel and follows the general pattern of storytelling of Heyer's other novels. The romantic plot centers on a viscount who reluctantly enters a marriage of convenience with a wealthy commoner's daughter.
 Flight Behavior is a 2012 novel by Barbara Kingsolver. It is her seventh novel is a New York Times Bestseller and was declared Best book of the year by the Washington Post and USA Today.
 The Dreamers is the title of a fantasy series by David Eddings and his wife Leigh Eddings. The story revolves around four beings known as The Elder Gods residing in the land of Dhrall: Dahlaine of the North Veltan of the South Zelana of the West and Aracia of the East. They must recruit the help of outlanders to destroy the fiendish Vlagh and prevent its attempt at world conquest.
 SD Gundam Force Gaiden (SDガンダムフォース外伝) is a promotional manga series released alongside the Japanese release of the Superior Defender Gundam Force anime. It presents untold stories of the main cast set before and during the story seen within the show.
 Raise High the Roof Beam Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction is a single volume featuring two novellas by J. D. Salinger which were previously published in The New Yorker: Raise High the Roof Beam Carpenters (1955) and Seymour: An Introduction (1959). Little Brown republished them in this anthology in 1963. It was the first time the novellas had appeared in book form. Anthologized together they outsold all but two novels in the United States in 1963 according to Publishers Weekly.
 Friday's Child is a novel written by Georgette Heyer in 1944. It is generally considered one of Miss Heyer's best Regency romances and was reportedly the favourite of the author herself.
 Cooperation and Conflict is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of international studies that have a Nordic and European focus. The journal's editors are Lee Miles (Karlstad University) and Jan Ångström (Swedish National Defence College). It was established in 1965 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Ultimate Spider-Man was a superhero comic book series that was published by Marvel Comics from 2000 to 2009. The series is a modernized re-imagining of Marvel's long-running Spider-Man comic book franchise as part of its Ultimate Marvel imprint.
 The Book of Feuds is a book commissioned by South Sydney Rabbitohs co-owner Russell Crowe to chronicle the rivalries of the club and to be used as a motivational tool. A chapter is dedicated to each of their 15 National Rugby League competitors. It was written by Mark Courtney.Originally the book's contents were a secret but later extracts were seen being read by Crowe to the team in the television documentary South Side Story.
 Let The Circle Be Unbroken is the 1981 sequel to Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry written by Mildred D. Taylor. T.J.'s punishment is approaching Stacey runs away to find work and the Logan children's cousin Suzella Rankin tries to pass herself off as a white person but fails which leads to embarrassing consequences. It won the Coretta Scott King Author Award in 1982.
 The Messenger (2006) is a spy novel by Daniel Silva.
 Duck for President is a children's book written by Doreen Cronin and illustrated by Betsy Lewin. Released in 2004 through Simon and Schuster the New York Times Best Illustrated Book follows the further adventures of Farmer Brown's animals that were introduced in Click Clack Moo: Cows That Type. In this story Duck becomes frustrated with Farmer Brown's rule over the farm and holds an election to take over the farm.
 Putsj is a magazine affiliated with the Norwegian environmental organisation Natur og Ungdom (Nature and Youth). It is a youth magazine writing about topics related to youth activism culture and environmentalism. Today Putsj is a magazine a web magazine and a podcast. The magazine is designed by Ingvild Wollstad and edited by Espen Andre Breivik while Knut Arne Oseid is editor of the web magazine and the podcast.
 1001 Books You Must Read Before You Die (ISBN 978-1844037407) is a literary reference book compiled by over one hundred literary critics worldwide and edited by Peter Boxall Professor of English at Sussex University with an introduction by Peter Ackroyd. Each title is accompanied by a brief synopsis and critique briefly explaining why the book was chosen. Some entries have illustrations. This book is part of a series from Quintessence Editions Ltd.
 Blackeyes is a multi-layered novel by British writer Dennis Potter published in 1987 by Faber and Faber. It concerns the relationship between sexuality exploitation power and money. These are explored through the career of a desirable model known as Blackeyes.The novel was later adapted by Potter as a 1989 BBC television serial of the same name.
 Fit Pregnancy is a magazine and Web site for pregnant women and new mothers published six times a year.
 This is a list of newspapers in North Korea.Rodong Sinmun [1]Minju Choson [2]Pyongyang SinmunThe Pyongyang TimesRimjingang (unofficial private publication)Korean News Service (Chosun Tongsin) [3]
 Peoples Daily is a newspaper in Nigeria. It was launched as a weekly in November 2008 and became a daily in November 2009.The Peoples Daily was formally presented at a ceremony in Abuja in March 2010.Chairman of the Board of Directors is Malam Wada Abdullahi Maida. At the ceremony Malam Ismaila Isa made it clear that despite rumour Peoples Daily was not owned by former Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
 Psycho (1959) is a suspense novel by Robert Bloch. It was adapted into Alfred Hitchcock's seminal 1960 film of the same name.
 Professor Shonkur Kandokarkhana (Professor Shonku's Deeds) is a Professor Shanku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1970. Ray wrote the stories on Professor Shanku in Bengali magazine Sandesh and Anandamela. This book is a collection of seven of Shonku stories.
 Spinoza: Practical Philosophy (French: Spinoza: Philosophie pratique) is a 1970 book by Gilles Deleuze that examines Spinoza's philosophy of The Ethics. Deleuze's last work published before his collaboration with Félix Guattari on Anti-Oedipus it presents the formal Spinozist environment in which his later ideas are situated to such an extent that it includes a lengthy index of main concept definitions.
 La victoria de Junin: Canto a Bolivar (1825) is a poem by Jose Joaquin Olmedo of Ecuador. It was written after the battle of Junin and Ayacucho in 1824. The poem recounts the triumphs of Simon Bolivar at the battle of Junin and particularly the liberation of Peru from the Spanish. It pictures the Latin American fighters for independence from Spain as the legitimate heirs of the Incas. The poem consists of 960 verses.
 Conan the Barbarian is a collection of six fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero of the same name first published in paperback by Del Rey/Ballantine Books in July 2011 as a tie-in with the movie of the same title. The stories originally appeared in the 1930s in the fantasy magazine Weird Tales.
 Water is for Washing is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein first published in Argosy (November 1947) and based on the premise that an earthquake had catastrophically shattered the range of alluvial deposits separating the Imperial Valley from the Gulf of California precipitating a tsunami moving north to transiently drown these lowlands.
 Haugesunds Avis is a daily newspaper published in Haugesund Norway but with branches in Bømlo Kopervik Odda Sauda and Stord.Founded in 1895 it is today owned by the investment group Mecom Group and is as such part of the media group Edda Media. In 2006 Haugesunds Avis had a circulation of 33448. As of 2012 the executive editor is Bård Borch Michalsen. The newspaper owns the local radio channel Radio 102.
 Orbital is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Sylvain Runberg illustrated by Serge Pellé and published by Dupuis in French and Cinebook in English.
 Evening's Empire is a science fiction novel written by David Herter in 2002. It is the author's second novel after 2000's Ceres Storm.
 The Pinch is a literary journal published at the University of Memphis. The journal is published biannually. Work that has appeared in The Pinch has been reprinted in the Best American Essays and Best American Nonrequired Reading. Two stories that have previously been published in The Pinch have been short-listed for the Pushcart Prize.The journal was founded by William Page in 1980 under the name Memphis State Review.
 Growing Up is a 1982 memoir by author and journalist Russell Baker. An autobiography chronicling Baker's youth in Virginia and his mother's strength of character during the Great Depression it won the Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography in 1983.
 The Horse With My Name is the fifth novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman released on 5 August 2002 through Headline Publishing Group. Bateman wrote the novel while staying at the Fairyhouse Racecourse in County Meath.
 A Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian is a novel by Marina Lewycka first published in 2005 by Viking (Penguin Books).The novel won the Bollinger Everyman Wodehouse Prize at the Hay literary festival the Waverton Good Read Award 2005/6 and was short-listed for the 2005 Orange Prize for Fiction losing to Lionel Shriver's We Need to Talk About Kevin.
 The Independent was a weekly magazine published in New York City between 1848 and 1928. It was founded in order to promote Congregationalism and was also an important voice in support of abolitionism and women's suffrage.
 Virology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in virology. Established in 1955 by George Hirst Lindsay Black and Salvador Luria it is the earliest English-only journal to specialise in the field. The journal covers basic research into viruses affecting animals plants bacteria and fungi including their molecular biology structure assembly pathogenesis immunity interactions with the host cell evolution and ecology.
 The Priests of Psi (1980) is a collection of five short stories written by science fiction author Frank Herbert. All of the works had been previously published in magazine or book form.
 VIP (standing for Very Important Person) is both the title of a magazine and a publishing group owned by the Irish publisher Michael O'Doherty. It was launched in 1999 the second of O'Doherty's business ventures with his friend and business partner John Ryan following Magill and before TV Now. It features Irish celebrities in a fashion portrayed and displayed in a similar fashion to that of British publications such as Hello! and OK!. Its circulation is estimated at 35000.
 Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea is a part-novelization (2009) of interviews with refugees from Chongjin North Korea written by Los Angeles Times journalist Barbara Demick. In 2010 the book was awarded the BBC Samuel Johnson Prize for Non-Fiction.
 The Church Quarterly Review is an English journal published by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. It existed independently from 1875 until 1968; in that year it merged with the London Quarterly and Holborn Review a Methodist journal and became known as The Church Quarterly which was published until 1971.
 Janasadharan (Assamese: জনসাধাৰণ) is an Indian Assamese language daily newspaper. The newspaper was first published in 2003. As of 2011 the chief editor of this daily was Dr. Sivanath Barman a retired physics professor and an Assamese scholar. The headquarters is at Guwahati Assam. It is published simultaneously from Guwahati and Dibrugarh.
 Partisans is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean first published in 1982. MacLean used portions of the plot from the 1978 film Force 10 from Navarone as the basis of the plot for this novel. MacLean reverted to the theme of World War II with which he was successful and highly popular in his early career. However as with many of his later novels Partisans proved to be less than popular with his long-time fans.
 Gaku: Minna no Yama (岳 みんなの山 lit. Peak: Everyone's Mountain) is a Japanese mountaineering manga written and illustrated by Shin'ichi Ishizuka. It has been serialized by Shogakukan in Big Comic Original since 2003 and collected in eighteen bound volumes. It depicts the adventures of a volunteer with an alpine search and rescue team in the Japanese Alps. Gaku: Minna no Yama received the 2008 Manga Taisho (Cartoon Grand Prize) and the 2009 Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
 Secular Thought (1887-1911) was a Canadian periodical published in Toronto dedicated to promoting the principles of freethought and secularism. Founded and edited during its first several years by English freethinker Charles Watts the editorship was assumed by Toronto printer and publisher James Spencer Ellis in 1891 when Watts returned to England.
 Sword of the Dark Ones is a manga by Tsukasa Kotobuki and it is based on a story by Kentaro Yasui. This series is also known in Japan by the title Ragnarok (ラグナロク). In North America the story is published by CMX.
 Clinical and Experimental Hypertension is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of human and animal hypertension publishing full articles reviews and commentaries on the timely and successful detection management control and prevention of hypertension-related conditions.
 For the herb noted for its ability to relieve stress see valerian.Sweet Valerian (スウィート・ヴァレリアン Suīto Varerian) is a series of manga and five minute anime episodes. The anime is produced by Madhouse Production but the character design is under the responsibility of Clamp.The series features three girls Kanoko Kate and Pop who live in the city of Asialand.
 Environmental Health Perspectives (EHP) is a peer-reviewed journal published monthly by the U.S. National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS).
 Sundiver is a 1980 science fiction novel by David Brin. It is the first book of his Uplift trilogy and was followed by the Hugo and Nebula award winning novel Startide Rising in 1983.
 The Vagabond (French: La Vagabonde) is a 1910 novel by the French writer Colette. It tells the story of a woman Renée Néré who after a divorce becomes a dancer in music halls. It was inspired by Colette's own experiences.
 The Devil's Feather is a 2005 psychological thriller novel by British author Minette Walters.
 The Tale of Little Pig Robinson is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and first published simultaneously in Britain by Frederick Warne & Co. and in America by David McKay Company in September 1930. The tale is the story of the pig in Edward Lear's The Owl and the Pussycat and how he came to the land where the Bong tree grows.
 Deadworld is an ongoing American comic book published by Desperado Publishing in association with IDW Publishing.The series follows survivors in a post-apocalyptic scenario brought on by zombie attacks. Led by King Zombie Deadworld brings forth a different slant than just humans slaughtering zombies.[citation needed]
 Curse of the Mistwraith is volume one of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts.
 Adventures of Wim or (reissued in 2002 as Whim) is a book by George Cockcroft written under the pen name Luke Rhinehart. It was published (as Adventures of Wim) in 1986 and was sold as The sequel well almost to The Dice Man. This version is no longer in print. A major reworking of the book was later published under the title of Whim in 2002.[citation needed]
 Driving Miss Daisy is a 1987 play by Alfred Uhry about the relationship of an elderly white Southern Jewish woman Daisy Werthan and her black African-American chauffeur Hoke Colburn from 1948 to 1973. The play was the first in Uhry's Atlanta Trilogy which deals with white Jewish residents of that city in the early 20th century.
 Archive for Mathematical Logic is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It was established in 1950 and publishes articles on mathematical logic. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2009 MCQ was 0.24 and its 2012 impact factor was 0.281.
 The Indian Journal of Pathology and Microbiology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Pathologists and Microbiologists. It was initially called Indian Journal of Pathology and Bacteriology. The journal publishes articles on the subjects of pathology (including surgical pathology cytology and hematology) and microbiology (including bacteriology virology and parasitology).
 The Return of Tharn is a fantasy novel by Howard Browne. It was first published in book form in 1956 by The Grandon Company in an edition of 500 copies of which 350 were bound. The novel was originally serialized in three parts in the magazine Amazing Stories beginning in October 1948. The book is a sequel to Browne's Warrior of the Dawn (1943).
 The Essential Tagore is the largest anthology of Rabindranath Tagore's works available in English. The anthology was published by Harvard University Press in the USA and Visva-Bharati University in India to mark the 150th anniversary of Tagore’s birth. Dr Fakrul Alam and Radha Chakrabarthy edited the anthology. Among the notable contributors who translated Tagore's works for this anthology are Amitav Ghosh Amit Chaudhuri Sunetra Gupta Syed Manzoorul Islam and Kaiser Haq.
 Thriller is a compilation of 30 thriller short stories edited by James Patterson.
 The Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official journal of the International Society for Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism. It covers research on cerebral blood flow brain metabolism and neuroimaging. Since 2009 the editors-in-chief are Ulrich Dirnagl (Charité – Universitätsmedizin Berlin) and Martin Lauritzen (University of Copenhagen). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.398.
 Alex Ferguson: My Autobiography is the second autobiography of Alex Ferguson the former football manager and player. It was released on 30 October 2013and covers the period from 2000 to 2013.
 The Springfield Paper is a weekly newspaper the serves Springfield Ohio and Clark County Ohio.
 Spoon River Anthology (1915) by Edgar Lee Masters is a collection of short free-form poems that collectively narrates the epitaphs of the residents of a fictional small town of Spoon River named after the real Spoon River that ran near Masters' home town. The aim of the poems is to demystify the rural small town American life. The collection includes two hundred and twelve separate characters all providing two-hundred forty-four accounts of their lives and losses.
 Cecilia is a historical romance novel by Julie McClure (ISBN 0-9696956-0-8 ). The novel was published in 1993 by Harris Press in Port Perry Ontario and featured cover art by Fran Usher. The story begins in the mid-19th century and follows the life of the title character Cecilia Preston.The backcover of the novel reads Love could only bring heartache torment and strife to Lord Turner Collingwood and lowly house-servant Cecilia Preston.
 The Architects' Journal is a weekly architectural magazine published in London by Emap. The first edition was produced in 1896.
 The Disunited States of America is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove. It is a part of the Crosstime Traffic series and takes place in an alternate world where the U.S. was never able to agree on a constitution and has long since evolved with each state as a separate country. The states trade with each other engage in diplomacy and even go to war with each other. Other states exist which don't in our world such as Boone.
 Philosophy Psychiatry & Psychology is an academic journal founded in 1993 and the official publication of the Association for the Advancement of Philosophy and Psychiatry (AAPP) which fosters close associations with the American Psychiatric Association.. The journal focuses on the overlap of philosophy psychiatry and abnormal psychology. It aims to make clinical material accessible to philosophers while advancing philosophical inquiry into the area of psychology.
 The British Homing World (BHW) is a pigeon racing weekly magazine.It is a publication of the Royal Pigeon Racing Association and has a circulation of around 30000 copies per week.
 The Decatur Daily is a daily newspaper serving Decatur and the Tennessee Valley in North Alabama United States. As of September 30 2006 it had an average daily circulation of 20824 and a Sunday circulation of 23840. Along with The Anniston Star it is one of only two family-owned daily newspapers remaining in Alabama.
 Art Collector (formerly Australian Art Collector) is a quarterly art magazine. It primarily covers Australian contemporary and Indigenous art and also features New Zealand and international artists.
 Touched with Fire: Manic-Depressive Illness and the Artistic Temperament is a book by the American psychologist Kay Redfield Jamison that examines the relationship between bipolar disorder and artistic creativity. It contains a number of case histories of dead people who are described as probably having suffered from bipolar disorder.
 Song of the Saurials is a fantasy novel by Kate Novak and Jeff Grubb set in the Forgotten Realms.
 Times of Assam (Assamese: টাইমছ্ অব আছাম) is an English daily news portal catering for Assam India Asia World and covering issues like insurgency fake encounters social crime dowry death child abuse etc. The news service of Times of Assam was started in September 2010.In Indian Readership Survey (IRS Q2 2011and IRS Q1 2011) Times of Assam recorded one of the highest read media from Assam.
 Social Forces (formerly Journal of Social Forces) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of social science published by Oxford University Press for the Department of Sociology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. It concentrates on sociology but also has a multidisciplinary approach publishing works from the fields of social psychology anthropology political science history and economics. Each issue includes between 20 and 25 articles.
 The Kirksville Daily Express is a daily newspaper published Monday through Friday afternoons and Saturday mornings. It serves the Kirksville and Adair County Missouri area including the communities of Brashear and Novinger. It is owned by GateHouse Media.
 Lost Continents: The Atlantis Theme in History Science and Literature is a study by L. Sprague de Camp. It is considered one of his most popular works. It was written in 1948 and first published serially in the magazine Other Worlds Science Fiction in 1952-1953; portions also appeared as articles in Astounding Science Fiction Galaxy Science Fiction Natural History Magazine and the Toronto Star.
 De droomkoningin is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1980.
 The South Side Weekly previously known as the Chicago Weekly is an American alternative weekly based in Hyde Park on the of South Side of Chicago established in 1995. Operated by students as the independent voice of the University of Chicago it is published every Wednesday during the academic year and also publishes articles to its website.
 16 de Abril is the Cuban Journal of Medical Students. 16 de Abril was created in 1961 as a political magazine for medical students in the medicine school of University of Havana. According to some founders the magazine was conceived during a public speech of the Cuban president Fidel Castro on April 16 1961 and published for first time in the summer of the same year. Among the founders of the magazine are Dr. Julio Tejas Dr. Daniel Inclan and Dr.
 The Milwaukee Advertiser was the first Newspaper published in Milwaukee. It was started in July 1836 by Byron Kilbourn as a weekly broadsheet. It was the third newspaper in Wisconsin.
 Daniel Boone is a book by James Daugherty about the famous pioneer. It won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1940. It deals with the life death and legacy of Daniel Boone.
 Naked Empire is the eighth book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth.
 The Ice Queen is a novel by Alice Hoffman published by Vintage Books in 2006.Wishes... burn your tongue the moment they're spoken and you can never take them back.
 Ode on Solitude is a poem by Alexander Pope written when he was twelve years old and widely included in anthologies.The title of this poem was also used by other poets such as Joseph Warton.
 Al-Hayat al-Jadida (Arabic: الحياة الجديدة‎) (English: The New Life) is an official daily newspaper of the Palestinian National Authority. The paper was established in 1995.
 British Bangladeshi Who's Who is an annual publication highlighting the accomplishments contributions and achievements of successful British Bangladeshis. It was established in 2008 and also holds an annual award ceremony in London England.
 Queen Bee is a graphic novel aimed at middle-schoolers about cliques and popularity written by Chynna Clugston. The book was one of the American Library Association's book picks for 2006.
 The 3rd Alternative: Solving Life's Most Difficult Problems published in 2011 is a self-help book by Stephen Covey author The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People. In it he takes a more detailed look at habit six from that book synergize. Co-author Breck England stated that The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People leads up to The 3rd Alternative. The book focuses on a process of conflict resolution that Covey said is distinct from compromise.
 Living Fossil is a classic science fiction story on the concepts of human extinction and future evolution by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Science-Fiction for February 1939. It first appeared in book form in the anthology A Treasury of Science Fiction (Crown Publishers 1948); it later appeared in the anthologies Gates to Tomorrow (Atheneum 1973) and The SFWA Grand Masters Volume 1 (Tor Books 1999).
 Clinical and Experimental Pharmacology and Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes articles relating to pharmacology and physiology.
 The Fifth Man is a futuristic Christian novel by John B. Olson and Randall S. Ingermanson.
 Kyūkyoku Chōjin R (究極超人あ～る Kyuukyoku Choujin a~ru) is a manga series written and illustrated by Masami Yuuki. It was serialised in Shogakukan's Shōnen Sunday from 1985 to 1987. The series revolved around a teenage robot named R. Ichiro Tanaka. Later it was revealed that R's creator Dr. Narihara only built R for a failed attempt to take over the world.
 The Ash Garden is a novel written by Canadian author Dennis Bock and published in 2001. It is Bock's first novel following the 1998 release of Olympia a collection of short stories. The Ash Garden follows the stories of three main characters affected by World War Two: Hiroshima bombing victim Emiko German nuclear physicist Anton Böll and Austrian-Jewish refugee Sophie Böll.
 Land of the Blindfolded (Japanese: 目隠しの国 Hepburn: Mekakushi no Kuni) is a fantasy shōjo manga by Sakura Tsukuba. It was originally published in Japan by Hakusensha in LaLa magazine between 1998 to 2004 and collected in nine tankōbon volumes. It is licensed in English by CMX Manga in North America and Chuang Yi in Singapore. The series is about three clairvoyant high school students and their relationships.
 The Elenium is a series of fantasy novels by David Eddings. The series consists of three volumes: The Diamond Throne The Ruby Knight The Sapphire RoseThe series is followed by The Tamuli.The Elenium is Eddings' second fantasy series and has proven to be quite popular.
 Austerlitz is a 2001 novel by the German writer W. G. Sebald. It was Sebald's final novel. The book received the National Book Critics Circle Award.
 The Princess Diaries Volume IV and 1/2: Project Princess is a young adult novel in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2003 by HarperCollins Publishers and is the first novella in the series.Most princesses would prefer to spend their spring breaks in Gstaad or some other equally unpronounceable European hot spot.Not this one though.
 The monthly title Strategie - Pismo Dyrektorów Finansowych was a magazine for corporate financial managers in Poland. With a printrun of 10 200 the business-to-business-title was distributed via controlled circulation. The magazine received in May 2012 an award (“Wyróżnienie”) by the Polish Publishers Association at the “GrandFront 2011” competition for its cover design and was closed down shortly after.
 Pietà (ピエタ) is a Japanese josei yuri manga by Nanae Haruno. It was originally serialized in the manga magazine Young You published by Shueisha. The chapters were collected into two tankōbon volumes the first released on April 19 2000 and the second on May 19 2000. The second volume also contains a sequel short story A Week at the Beach showing the main characters at a later time.The word pietà is Italian for pity or mercy.
 The Bukla Magazine (in Slovene: Revija Bukla) (bukla is a colloquial Slovene term for a book) is a Slovenian monthly paper-magazine in which current Slovene non-fiction and fiction books are reviewed. It is issued free of charge since 2005.
 Parasite is a science fiction novel written by Mira Grant (the pseudonym of American author Seanan McGuire) that was released on October 29 2013 by Orbit Books. It is intended to be first volume of a trilogy entitled Parasitology.
 Life A User's Manual (the original title is La Vie mode d'emploi) is Georges Perec's most famous novel published in 1978 first translated into English by David Bellos in 1987. Its title page describes it as novels in the plural the reasons for which become apparent on reading.
 El Expreso de la Costa (English: The Express of the Coast) is a Chilean monthly newspaper based in Pichilemu O'Higgins Region. El Expreso circulates throughout the Cardenal Caro Province of which Pichilemu is the capital.The newspaper is directed by Félix Calderón Vargas. El Expreso's first edition was published on 30 June 2000 with ten more editions coming later until the newspaper's suspension in that same year.
 Rough Trails is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by L.A. Graf.
 White Stains is a poetic work written by English author and occultist Aleister Crowley under the pseudonym George Archibald Bishop. It was published in 1898 in Amsterdam Netherlands.White Stains contains various poems in both English and French which can also be regarded as individual works. The major part of these poems show an obviously sexual content.
 The Crossroads is the first children's novel by author Chris Grabenstein.
 Waking Dream is a young adult novel by Rhiannon Lassiter first published in 2002. It is a dark fantasy about magic dreams and another world.
 On the Way Home is an original diary of Laura Ingalls Wilder from a trip that she made in 1894 with her husband Almanzo Wilder and a seven-year old daughter Rose from their home in De Smet South Dakota to Mansfield Missouri where they settled for good.It contains detailed description day by day of the trip with a commentary by her daughter Rose. The book was published for the first time in 1962 after Laura's death.
 Flower Comics (フラワーコミックス) is an imprint label for bound volumes of shōjo manga and lady's comics published by Shougakukan in Japan. They are usually released around the 26th of each month. Flower Comics publications contain mainly manga that originally appeared in shōjo manga magazines such as Shōjo Comic Betsucomi and Cheese! and lady's comics magazines such as Petit Comic and flowers.The representative works of Moto Hagio Keiko Takemiya etc. were published under this imprint in the 1970s.
 The Irish News is a compact-sized daily newspaper based in Belfast Northern Ireland. It is perceived as being broadly Irish nationalist in outlook. It focuses primarily on Ulster content though it is also available throughout Ireland.
 The Ballad of the Sad Café first published in 1951 is a book by Carson McCullers comprising a novella of the same name and six short stories: Wunderkind The Jockey Madame Zilensky and the King of Finland The Sojourner A Domestic Dilemma and A Tree a Rock a Cloud.
 The Thirty-First of February is a collection of stories by author Nelson Bond. It was released in 1949 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies. Most of the stories had previously appeared in the magazines Blue Book Unknown Fantastic Adventures Esquire and Amazing Stories.
 Lost in Yonkers is a play by Neil Simon. The play won the 1991 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
 Otaku no Musume-san (おたくの娘さん? lit. Otaku's Daughter) is a Japanese comedy manga series by Japanese author Stu-Hiro. It tells about a young 26 year old otaku who is suddenly visited by a young girl claiming to be his daughter. It was first serialized in Fujimi Shobo's shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age in 2006.The last chapter has been released in the no. 11 Monthly Dragon Age on October 8 2011.
 First Person Plural: My Life As A Multiple is a psychology-related autobiography written by Dr. Cameron West who developed dissociative identity disorder (DID) as a result of childhood sexual abuse. In it Dr. West describes his diagnosis treatment and personal experiences.
 The Limelite was a broadsheet weekly newspaper that served Loring Air Force Base from 1953 to 1994.
 The Borneo Bulletin is a daily English-language newspaper in Brunei. It is published by Brunei Press which also publishes a Malay-language daily Media Permata. The Bulletin circulates around 20000 copies on weekdays and 25000 copies on Saturday and Sunday. The Borneo Bulletin is the main source of information on local regional and foreign affairs as well as business news.
 The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Mary Ann Liebert Inc. since 1995. It includes observational and analytical reports on alternative medicine treatments.
 Kanychok Sangkhum is a Khmer language newspaper published in Cambodia with its headquarters in Phnom Penh.
 Advanced Banter: The QI Book of Quotations known as If Ignorance Is Bliss Why Aren't There More Happy People? in the United States is the third title in a series of books based on the intellectual British panel game QI written by series-creator John Lloyd and head-researcher John Mitchinson. It is a book of quite interesting quotations.
 Gods and Pawns (ISBN 0-765-31552-1) is a collection of stories written by Kage Baker and published by Tor Books. The stories are set in the universe of her series about The Company.
 Burning Valley is a 1953 coming-of-age novel by the American writer Phillip Bonosky set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the 1920s. It was originally published in the Communist Party publication Masses and Mainstream.
 Be Here Now (or Remember Be Here Now) is a seminal 1971 book on spirituality yoga and meditation by the Western-born yogi and spiritual teacher Ram Dass. The title comes from a statement his guide Bhagavan Das made during Ram Dass's journeys in India. The cover features a mandala incorporating the title a chair radial lines and the word Remember repeated four times.
 MusicRow is a Nashville music industry trade publication providing reviews breaking news and in-depth coverage for more than 30 years. The publication delivers online content in addition to six annual print magazines including its InCharge Artist Roster and Publisher directories. MusicRow Enterprises is also home to song pitch-sheet RowFax and the MusicRow radio chart.
 Film (Persian:فیلم) is an Iranian Film review magazine published for more than 30 years. The Head-Editor is Massoud Mehrabi.
 Panorama (Diario Panorama) is a Venezuelan newspaper based in Maracaibo in the state of Zulia. It was established on 1 December 1914. In 2009 Patricia Pineda Hernández took over the directorship of Panorama from her father Esteban Pineda Belloso who had directed the business for over 42 years.
 Codex is a thriller novel by Lev Grossman first published in 2004 by Harcourt Books.
 One Piece (ワンピース Wan Pīsu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Eiichiro Oda. It has been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump since August 4 1997; the individual chapters are being published in tankōbon volumes by Shueisha with the first released on December 24 1997 and the 73rd volume released as of March 2014. One Piece follows the adventures of Monkey D.
 Lady of the Forest: A Novel of Sherwood is a 1992 historical fiction novel by American author Jennifer Roberson.
 El Jueves (Spanish for Thursday) is a Spanish satirical weekly magazine published in Barcelona. Its complete title is El Jueves la revista que sale los Miércoles (Thursday the magazine that comes out on Wednesdays).
 Luup is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 1st to Die is the first book in the Women’s Murder Club (book series) series written by James Patterson. The series is about four friends who pool their skills together to crack San Francisco's toughest murder cases.
 Dwellers in the Mirage is a fantasy novel by A. Merritt. It was first published in book form in 1932 by Horace Liveright. The novel was originally serialized in six parts in the magazine Argosy beginning with the January 23 1932 issue.
 The Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering pediatric psychiatry. It is published by Elsevier and is the official journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. The editors-in-chief are Andrés Martin and James J. Hudziak.According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2011 impact factor is 6.444 ranking it first among 111 journals in the category Pediatrics.
 Fire and Sword is the third book in Simon Scarrow's The Revolution Quartet series which tells the story of the French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars from the point of view of Arthur Wesley (the future Duke of Wellington) and Napoleon Bonaparte.
 The House at Pooh Corner (1928) is the second volume of stories about Winnie-the-Pooh written by A. A. Milne and illustrated by E. H. Shepard. It is notable for the introduction of the character Tigger.
 Millroy the Magician is a novel by American writer Paul Theroux. It was published in 1993 by Hamish Hamilton in the UK and by Random House the following year in the US where it was chosen as one of the New York Times notable books of the year. The novel has been identified as one of the best of the 1990s. It is a satire of American consumer culture and love of fast food and contains elements of parable and magic realism.
 The Berwyn Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays in Berwyn Illinois. The paper covers news of Berwyn Cicero Forest View and Stickney in western Cook County.The Berwyn Suburban Life is published by Suburban Life Media and owned by Shaw Media. Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Northwest Herald Kane County Chronicle Daily Chronicle of DeKalb and The_Herald-News of Joliet.
 Connor: Spotlight is a comic book series based on the Angel television series starring the eponymous Connor with cameo appearances by Angel. It is the first comic book in which Connor has appeared and features covers by artists Bob Gill David Messina Steph Stamb and Russell Walks. This title along with the others in IDW Publishing's Spotlight series was collected in the Angel: Spotlight trade paperback.
 The Accidental Time Machine is a science-fiction novel by Joe Haldeman that was published in 2007. The novel was a finalist for the Nebula Award in 2007 and the Locus Award in 2008.
 Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident is a young-adult and fantasy novel written by Irish author Eoin Colfer. It is the second book in the Artemis Fowl series preceded by Artemis Fowl and followed by Artemis Fowl: The Eternity Code. It follows the adventures the thirteen-year-old criminal mastermind Artemis Fowl as he thwarts a goblin rebellion and rescues his father Artemis Fowl I.
 Elvis's Twin Sister is a frequently cited[citation needed] poem by Carol Ann Duffy that is said to reflect the hidden lives of generations of overlooked women as part of the collection The World's Wife of 30 similar poems dealing with the female relatives of famous men throughout history. The poem is sometimes studied by schoolchildren in the United Kingdom as part of the AQA syllabus for GCSE English.
 The Great Hydration is the sixteenth and last science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley. The book was written in 1998 and first published as a print on demand edition in 2002. The book features the illegal traders Krabbe and Bouche the first humans to reach the planet of Tenacity as they proceed to destroy the planet's anhydrous economy in an attempt to make a quick profit.
 The Journal of Pain is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier on behalf of the American Pain Society and covers research and reviews on pain including anesthesiology and palliative care and related educational and policy issues. The editor-in-chief is Mark Jensen (University of Washington). The journal was established in 1992 as the APS Journal and was renamed Pain Forum in 1995 before obtaining its current name in 2000 with volumle numbering re-starting at 1.
 Medicina Internacia Revuo (initially Internacia Medicina Revuo) is an official organ of Universala Medicina Esperanto Asocio an organization that gathers physicians pharmacists and other medics that have a practical knowledge of Esperanto. The journal publishes articles written in various congress languages with English and Esperanto abstracts.
 The Australian Horror and Fantasy Magazine (1984–87) was edited by Barry Radburn and Stephen Studach. The first Australian publication devoted to the weird and the macabre it was published by Radburn's imprint Dark Press.
 Gait Analysis: Normal and Pathological Function Second Edition is a textbook that focuses on human gait analysis and is written by Drs. Jacquelin Perry and Judith M. Burnfield. It is an updated and revised version of Gait Analysis: Normal and Pathological Function (1992) a text many consider to be a staple for the curriculum of education of gait analysis. It is frequently cited in academic publications as well as journals for orthopedics physical therapy and athletic training.
 23 years: A Study of the Prophetic Career of Mohammad is a book written by the Iranian author Ali Dashti.
 The African Journal of Urology is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal of urology. It is the official journal of the Pan African Urological Surgeons' Association and is published on their behalf by Elsevier. It is also available online from African Journals OnLine. Articles are published in English and French and abstracted and indexed in African Index Medicus.
 Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power: A Critical Global Assessment of Atomic Energy is a 2011 book by Benjamin K. Sovacool published by World Scientific. Sovacool’s book addresses the current status of the global nuclear power industry its fuel cycle nuclear accidents environmental impacts social risks energy payback nuclear power economics and industry subsidies. There is a postscript on the Japanese 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster.
 The Next Time is an 1895 short story by Henry James.
 Death of a Ghost is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in February 1934 in the United Kingdom by Heinemann London and in the United States by Doubleday Doran New York. It is the sixth novel with the mysterious Albert Campion aided by his policeman friend Stanislaus Oates.
 The Florida Journal of International Law is a law review established in 1984 devoted to timely discussion of international legal issues. Recent articles have treated subjects as varied as international trade and commerce law human rights law terrorism national security war crimes international environmental law international intellectual property and maritime law. It is published three times a year and is student-run.
 This article is about the 1998 novel.
 The Siege of Malta is a historical novel by Walter Scott written in 1831–1832 but not published in full until 2008. It tells the story of events surrounding the Great Siege of Malta by the Ottoman Turks in 1565.
 John Henry Days is a 2001 Pulitzer Prize shortlisted novel by African American author Colson Whitehead.John Henry Days is a portrait of America. Through a patchwork of interweaving histories Whitehead reveals how a nation creates its present through the stories it tells of its past.
 The Urban Tulsa Weekly was an independent weekly newspaper with a circulation of about 35000 distributed to the Tulsa metropolitan area every Thursday.Published and edited by Keith Skrzypczak the newspaper was designed under the watch of Production Manager Bart Poleman and Editorial Manager Aja Junior.
 The African Book Publishing Record is an academic journal covering new and forthcoming African publications providing full bibliographic and acquisitions data. It covers works of all levels in the African languages as well as English French and Portuguese in three indices by subject country and author.
 The Raging Quiet is a novel by Sherryl Jordan. It takes place in medieval times when God was cherished and witches were burned. The novel revolves around a beautiful hardworking young woman named Marnie who is sent off to be married to a lord in order to let her family keep their house and farm. Traveling to their new seaside cottage home with her new husband she encounters a boy her age who is being whipped. Raver is known as a madman with demons.
 Dragonfly in Amber is the second book in the best-selling Outlander series written by Diana Gabaldon. Her books are difficult to classify by genre since they contain elements of romantic fiction historical fiction and science fiction. The stories center around a time-travelling 20th-century nurse (Claire Randall) and her 18th-century Scottish husband (Jamie Fraser) and are located in Scotland France the West Indies and America.
 Chasing Vermeer is a 2004 children's art mystery written by Blue Balliett and illustrated by Brett Helquist. Set in Hyde Park Chicago near the University of Chicago the novel follows two children Calder Pillay and Petra Andalee. After a famous Johannes Vermeer painting is stolen while they are on the way to their art gallery Calder and Petra work together to try to recover it.
 The Myth of the American Superhero is a scholarly nonfiction book by Robert Jewett and John Shelton Lawrence.It describes the idealized fantasy violence so distinctive for American pop culture. The authors show that the American heroic ideal conveyed in formula stories of the American monomyth is explicitly anti-democratic and contagious. Crusading loners attracted by guns bombs and the call to destroy evil act out the premises of the myth with tragic consequences.
 The Socialist Studies Bulletin was published by the Society for Socialist Studies and contained membership news and updates as well as academic articles and commentaries.
 The Good Man of Nanking: The Diaries of John Rabe is a collection of the personal journals of John Rabe a German businessman who lived in Nanjing at the time of the Nanking Massacre in 1937–1938. The book contains the diaries that Rabe kept during the Nanking Massacre writing from his personal experience and observation of the events that took place. It also excerpts Rabe's experience in immediate post-war Berlin then occupied by Soviet troops.
 The Ghost at Skeleton Rock is Volume 37 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by James Duncan Lawrence (who also wrote the majority of the Tom Swift Jr. series) in 1957. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 The Oath of the Vayuputras is a 2013 novel by Indian author Amish Tripathi and the final book in his Shiva trilogy. The book was released on 27 February 2013 through Westland Press and completes the mythical story about an imaginary land Meluha and how its inhabitants were saved by a nomad named Shiva. Starting from where the previous installment left off Shiva discovers that Somras is the true evil in The Oath of the Vayuputras.
 BH Dani stands for Bosanskohercegovački Dani (English translation: Bosnian-Herzegovinian Days) is a Bosnian language weekly magazine published in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 American Anthropologist is the flagship journal of the American Anthropological Association (AAA). It is known for publishing a wide range of work in anthropology including articles on cultural biological and linguistic anthropology and archeology.
 A Season in Sinji is the second novel by J.L. Carr published in 1967. The novel is set mostly at fictional RAF Sinji in west Africa during the Second World War and features a bizarre cricket match.Like all of Carr's novels it contains a strong element of personal experience: Carr spent time as an intelligence officer in the Royal Air Force during the war stationed at RAF Bathurst (now called Banjul) in the Gambia in west Africa and he was a keen cricketer.
 The Mother Hunt is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by Viking Press in 1963.
 The Emperor's Code is the eighth book in The 39 Clues series written by Gordon Korman. The book's cover revealed on March 2 2010 shows a red mask with codes imprinted in specific areas against a purple background. After the release readers were asked to find three of the four codes printed on the mask. If successful 39 Clues fans could read an excerpt from The Emperor's Code.
 Malaysian Today is an English-language bi-monthly tabloid which focuses on youth lifestyle entertainment and sports. Published every first and third Thursday and owned by The Sun as an associate company it can be picked up in selected outlets in the Klang Valley especially in college and university vicinities and selected food courts and mamak restaurants.
 Nazotoki-hime wa Meitantei (ナゾトキ姫は名探偵♥) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Mayuki Anan. An OVA was released on August 3 2012.
 Physics Today is the membership magazine of the American Institute of Physics that was established in 1948. It is provided to the members of twelve physics societies including the American Physical Society. Although its content is scientifically rigorous and up to date it is not a true scholarly journal in the sense of being a primary vehicle for communicating new results.
 Girlhood Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2008 by Jackie Kirk and published by Berghahn Books. It discusses girlhood in the fields of education social service and health care. The editors-in-chief are Claudia Mitchell (McGill University) and Jacqueline Reid-Walsh (Penn State University). Girlhood Studies received the Best New Journal in the Social Sciences & Humanities from the Association of American Publishers in 2009.
 Vlad the Drac is a 1982 children's novel by author Ann Jungman. The story revolves around the life of a baby vampire who comes into the lives of two siblings who take him home to England and eventually grow to love and care for him like their own son.It was followed by five sequels: Vlad the Drac Returns Vlad the Drac Superstar Vlad the Drac Vampire Vlad the Drac Down Under and Vlad the Drac Goes Travelling.
 Void Moon is the ninth novel by American crime author Michael Connelly. It was released in the UK in 2000 and was the third of Connelly's books not to follow the character Harry Bosch. It was also his first novel to feature a female protagonist Cassidy Cassie Black and a protagonist who is a criminal instead of an investigator of criminals.
 Sports + Travel Hong Kong is a free travel magazine based in Hong Kong and targeted at English readers. It is published bi-monthly.
 The Isis Pedlar is a young adult science fiction novel by Monica Hughes the third in the Isis series following The Guardian of Isis. It was first published in 1982.The book takes place in the distant future on the fictional world of Isis. Nine years have passed since the events of The Guardian of Isis. Mark London and Olwen are now dead.
 I'll Sleep When I'm Dead: The Dirty Life and Times of Warren Zevon is a biography/oral history of rock musician Warren Zevon compiled by his ex-wife Crystal Zevon and published May 2007 by Ecco Books.The book is an unflinching look at Zevon's high times and hard ways and contains many admiring reflections on Zevon's work from his famous musical peers alongside some unsavory revelations.
 The Cave is a play written by English novelist and artist Mervyn Peake in the mid-1950s. The play is a three-act drama which takes place in one cave over three time periods; from the Neolithic period through medieval to modern day or the very near future.In one cave thousands of years of history are played out. A history marked by conformity and the persecution of anyone who dares to speak out. One family struggles to live their day-to-day lives.
 On the Banks of Plum Creek is a children's book written in 1937 by Laura Ingalls Wilder. The fourth of nine books written in her Little House series it is based on Laura's childhood at Plum Creek near Walnut Grove Minnesota in the late nineteenth century.
 Janissaries II: Clan and Crown is a novel by science fiction authors Jerry Pournelle and Roland J. Green the second book of Pournelle's Janissaries series (the first was titled simply Janissaries). It was originally published in 1982 and like the first book in the series was richly illustrated by comics artist Bermejo. In 1996 Janissaries: Clan and Crown appeared in a double novel with the third book in the Janissaries series Janissaries III: Storms of Victory as Tran.
 La ronde et autres faits divers is the title of a set of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as The Round & Other Cold Hard Facts.
 For the 1940 film produced by RKO see Swiss Family Robinson (1940 film)For the 1960 film produced by Disney see Swiss Family Robinson (1960 film)The Swiss Family Robinson (German: Der Schweizerische Robinson) is a novel by Johann David Wyss first published in 1812 about a Swiss family shipwrecked in the East Indies en route to Port Jackson Australia.
 Battle B-Daman (B-伝説! バトルビーダマン Bī-Densetsu! Batoru Bīdaman B-Legend! Battle B-Daman) is a manga series by Eiji Inuki which ran in CoroCoro Comics by Shogakukan from 2002 to 2005. An anime was created and it first aired in January 2004 in Japan replacing Explosive Shoot Beyblade G Revolution in its 18:00 timeslot. It premiered in the United States in April 2005.
 The Price is a 1968 play by Arthur Miller. It is a piece about family dynamics the price of furniture and the price of one's decisions. The play opened on Broadway at the Morosco Theatre on February 7 1968 where it played until the production moved to the 46th Street Theatre on November 18 1968. The production closed on February 15 1969 after 429 performances.
 The Journal of Contemporary Water Research & Education is a scientific journal covering research on water resources published by the Universities Council on Water Resources. It was established in 1964 as Water Resources Update and obtained its current title in 2004. It publishes three issues per year on special topics. Papers are by invitation and are peer-reviewed. The editor-in-chief is Christopher Lant (Southern Illinois University).
 The Rocksburg Railroad Murders is a crime novel by the American writer K.C.
 Tricked is the fourth novel in Kevin Hearne's urban fantasy series The Iron Druid Chronicles and is the sequel to Hammered. It was released on April 24 2012.
 The Lost Special is a short story by Arthur Conan Doyle first published in 1898. It is implied to be a Sherlock Holmes story though his name is not used. The story's narrative mode is third person subjective though the narrator is not identified.
 Jornal Sporting is a weekly newspaper based on sports practiced at Sporting Clube de Portugal's. Founded on 31 March 1922 it is one of the oldest club newspapers in Portugal as well as in Europe. It is printed on every Tuesday and its content is mostly based on interviews overviews at different Sport Departments the club has and opinion texts.
 In Search of the Cradle of Civilization: New Light on Ancient India is a 1995 book by Georg Feuerstein Subhash Kak and David Frawley that argues against the theories that Indo-European peoples arrived in India in the middle of the second millennium BC (Indo-Aryan migration) and supports the concept of Indigenous Aryans and the Out of India theory.The book was published by Quest Books a branch of the Theosophical Society in America.
 Gamepro was an American multiplatform video game magazine media company publishing online and print content on the video game industry video game hardware and video game software developed and released on various video game consoles (e.g. PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 Wii) PC computers and even on mobile devices (e.g. PSP (PlayStation Portable) Nintendo DS iPhone). Gamepro Media properties included Gamepro magazine and their website.
 The Iron Woman is a novel of manners by the American writer Margaret Deland (1857–1945) set in the 19th century fictional locale of Mercer an Ohio River community that represents Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The novel tells the story of Mrs. Maitland a leathery old widow who owns and operates an iron mill. Her devotion to a Puritanical work ethic alienates her son Blair who though he stands to inherit the business is headstrong and in love with Elizabeth Ferguson a match Mrs.
 The Second Summer of the Sisterhood is a novel written in 2003 by author Ann Brashares. The story continues the adventures of four best friends who own a magical pair of jeans that fit all of them even though they are different sizes. During the summer the girls share the pants.
 Festival is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Practical Classics started in 1980 is an English magazine about classic cars. It focuses on affordable classic cars for the man in the street as well as more expensive and exotic cars that have now become affordable. It has always had a strong emphasis on DIY and showing the skills and tools needed for restoration maintenance and repairs. The editorial staff all have old cars that they work to keep running. The magazine features a price guide and buyer's guides to specific models.
 Orbus is a 2009 science fiction novel by Neal Asher. It is the third novel in the Spatterjay sequence.
 Batman: Gotham Knights was a monthly fictional comic book series published by DC Comics. The original intent of this book was to feature the exploits of Batman and his extended family - Alfred Pennyworth Batgirl Nightwing Robin Oracle Catwoman etc.
 Country Sites is a supplement to the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Education for Extinction: American Indians and the Boarding School Experience 1875–1928 is a 1995 history book by David Wallace Adams that covers the history of assimilation era American Indian boarding schools.
 Call and Response: The Riverside Anthology of the African American Literary Tradition is a compilation of literary and cultural works that originated from call and response patterns in African and African-American cultural traditions. The 1997 anthology includes works representing the centuries-long emergence of this distinctly Black literary and cultural aesthetic in fiction poetry drama essays sermons speeches criticism journals and song lyrics from spirituals to rap.
 Letters to Kurt is a collection of poetry and essays by musician Eric Erlandson published in April 2012 by Akashic Books. The book largely reads as a meditation on suicide idols and as an elegy to Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain whom Erlandson was acquainted with through Courtney Love; Erlandson served as a founding member and lead guitarist of Love's band Hole for eleven years.
 Vedanta Philosophy: An address before the Graduate Philosophical Society is a lecture given by Swami Vivekananda on 25 March 1896 at the Graduate Philosophical Society of Harvard University. After this lecture the university offered Vivekananda the chair of Eastern Philosophy.
 Jack Knave and Fool is the fifth historical mystery novel about Sir John Fielding by Bruce Alexander.
 Montreal Mirror was a free English language alternative newsweekly based in Montreal Quebec Canada which was distributed every Thursday. It had a circulation of 70000 and reached a quarter of a million readers per week.First published on June 20 1985 the publication became a weekly in September 1989. It was bought by media giant Quebecor in 1997.
 The Roots of the Mountains: Wherein is Told Somewhat of the Lives of the Men of Burgdale Their Friends Their Neighbors Their Foemen and Their Fellows in Arms is a fantasy novel by William Morris perhaps the first modern fantasy writer to unite an imaginary world with the element of the supernatural and thus the precursor of much of present-day fantasy literature. It was first published in hardcover by Reeves and Turner in 1889.
 Three Witnesses is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1956 and itself collected in the omnibus volume Royal Flush (Viking 1965). The book contains three stories that first appeared in The American Magazine: The Next Witness (May 1955 as The Last Witness) When a Man Murders (May 1954) Die Like a Dog (December 1954 as The Body in the Hall)Each story in this collection features a witness not to a murder but to its prologue.
 Anthony Trollope's novel Sir Harry Hotspur of Humblethwaite appeared in 1871.The novel offers psychological dissection of the issues of inheritance filial duty noblesse oblige gentlemanly behaviour repentance and love all hung upon the story of the wooing and losing of Sir Harry Hotspur's daughter (and heir to his property) Emily by their scamp of a cousin (and heir to Sir Harry's baronetcy) Captain George Hotspur.
 Amateur Photographer is a British photography magazine published weekly by IPC Media a Time Warner subsidiary. The magazine provides articles on equipment reviews photographic technique and profiles of professional photographers.
 A Practical Guide to Racism is a 2007 humorous satirical book written by Sam Means under the pseudonym C.H. Dalton. The book is similar to the Douglas Sutherland book The English Gentleman in that it is constructed as a guide to the behaviors of various social groups (in this case ethnic races) built entirely out of stereotypes associated with said groups. It reached number 8 on the LA Times Bestseller list shortly after its release.
 Swamplandia! is a 2011 novel by Karen Russell. Set in the Ten Thousand Islands off the southwest coast of Florida it is the story of the Bigtree family of alligator wrestlers who live on Swamplandia! an alligator-wrestling theme park. Swamplandia! is Russell's first novel.
 Journal for Research in Mathematics Education (JRME) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal within the field of mathematics education. The journal is published by the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics and it appears five times a year (in January March May July and November).
 Umineko: When They Cry (うみねこのなく頃に Umineko no Naku Koro ni lit. When the Seagulls Cry) is a Japanese murder mystery dōjin soft visual novel series produced by 07th Expansion. The first game in the series Legend of the Golden Witch was first released at Comiket 72 on August 17 2007 playable on the PC; the game sold out in thirty minutes. The story focuses on a group of eighteen people on a secluded island for a period of two days and the mysterious murders that befall most of the people.
 The Road of Azrael is a collection of historical short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1979 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2150 copies of which 300 were boxed and signed by the artist.
 Mojacko (モジャ公 Mojakō) is a Shōnen manga series created by Fujiko F. Fujio about an ordinary student who befriends two aliens. It was first serialized in Kodansha's Bokurano Weekly in 1969 to 1970.
 Himal Khabarpatrika (Nepali: हिमाल खबरपत्रिका) is a Nepali-language fortnightly news magazine published by Himalmedia Private Limited. It has developed a choice following of both the rural and urban intelligentsia maintaining credibility and an inclusive editorial voice. This magazine give highly provocative news. Most of the time the news carry great controvorsies.
 The Telluride Daily Planet is a local newspaper published in Telluride Colorado which covers news and events in the Telluride area. It is published five days a week Monday through Friday. According to the masthead it has been publishing since 1898 and has incorporated two other newspapers the Telluride Times and the Telluride Journal. In 1998 the Daily Planet was sold by its local ownership to Texas-based American Consolidated Media.
 Army Man (tagline: America's Only Magazine) was a short-lived comedy magazine published in the late 1980s by George Meyer the acclaimed writer for The Simpsons.The magazine consisted mostly of very short and very surreal jokes along with some cartoons. Each issue also featured Jack Handey's Deep Thoughts as well as other pieces written by him.Although Army Man was never widely distributed it gathered a lot of attention in the comedy world.
 The Hill Cumorah Pageant is an annual production of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) staged at the foot of the Hill Cumorah in Palmyra New York United States. Premiering in 1937 it is considered to be the flagship pageant of the LDS Church. It depicts Joseph Smith's encounter with the Golden Plates (translated into English as the Book of Mormon) as well as a dramatization of the events recorded therein.
 Biostatistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering biostatistics that is statistics for biological and medical research. The journals that had cited Biostatistics the most by 2008 were Biometrics Journal of the American Statistical Association Biometrika Statistics in Medicine and Journal of the Royal Statistical Society Series B.Scott Zeger and Peter Diggle were the founding editors of Biostatistics.
 Japanese Language and Literature is a peer-reviewed academic journal published twice yearly (in April and November) by the Association of Teachers of Japanese. It was established in 1963 and covers material on the pedagogy of Japanese language teaching Japanese linguistics and Japanese literature.
 The Clue of the Whistling Bagpipes is the forty-first volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1964 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 Sandy is the third book written by Alice Hegan Rice and was the second best-selling novel in the United States in 1905. It was originally published in serial form in The Century Magazine from December 1904 through May 1905 and first appeared in novel form in April 1905.The novel is based on the boyhood stories of S. S. McClure publisher of McClure's magazine and his upbringing in Ireland and early struggles in the United States.
 The Castle in the Forest is the last novel by writer Norman Mailer published in the year of his death 2007. It is the story of Adolf Hitler's childhood as seen through the eyes of Dieter a demon sent to put him on his destructive path. The novel explores the idea that Hitler had no Jewish heritage but was the product of incest. It forms a thematic contrast with the writer's immediately previous novel The Gospel According to the Son (1999) which deals with the early life of Jesus.
 Amiga Computing was a monthly computer magazine of a serious nature published by Europress and IDG in both the UK and USA. A total of 117 issues came out. The games section was called Gamer although later Amiga Action was incorporated into the magazine and became the games section.
 In the Green Star's Glow (1976) is the final novel in Lin Carter's Green Star Series.
 New Turkish Cinema: Belonging Identity and Memory is a 2010 I.B. Tauris publication by Istanbul Technical University Associate Professor Asuman Suner which examines the emergence of the new wave Turkish cinema including both commercial and independent productions against the backdrop of the drastic transformation undergone by Turkey since the mid-1990s and how these films persistently return to the themes of belonging identity and memory.
 Medusa: A Tiger by the Tail is the fourth book in the Four Lords of the Diamond series by author Jack L. Chalker. First published as a paperback in 1983. It concludes the saga started in Lilith: A Snake in the Grass Cerberus: A Wolf in the Fold and Charon: A Dragon at the Gate.
 Eco-Imperialism: Green Power Black Death is a 2003 book written by Paul Driessen. Merril Press brought out a paperback edition in 2010.In the book Driessen introduces the idea of eco-imperialism as the forceful imposition of western environmental views on developing countries to their detriment.
 The Pope's Children: Ireland's New Elite is a book by journalist and economist David McWilliams.In his book McWilliams describes the effects that the Celtic Tiger and the property boom have had on Ireland resulting in the rise of a new bourgeoisie.The book's title reflects McWilliams' belief that the visit of Pope John Paul II to Ireland in the autumn of 1979 was a watershed in the country's history.
 Ruling Passion is a crime novel by Reginald Hill the third novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series. The novel opens with Detective Peter Pascoe arriving at what should have been a reunion of old friends. Instead he walks in on the scene of a grisly triple-murder. To solve the crime Pascoe needs both his superior officer Andy Dalziel and his romantic partner—and Dalziel's feminist antagonist—Elli.
 The Cat (French: Le Chat) is a novel by a French writer Georges Simenon released in 1967.
 Erections Ejaculations Exhibitions and General Tales of Ordinary Madness was a paperback collection of short stories by Charles Bukowski first published by City Lights Publishers in 1972.
 Bibliotheca Sacra is a theological journal published by Dallas Theological Seminary. First published in 1844 it is the oldest theological journal in the United States. It was founded at Union Theological Seminary in 1843 and after publishing three issues moved to Andover Theological Seminary (now Andover Newton Theological School) in 1844 to Oberlin College in 1884 and to Xenia Seminary in 1922.
 Daybreak Zero is the title of a science fiction novel by John Barnes. It is the second of three books comprising the Daybreak series.
 Patalliro! (パタリロ! Patariro!) is a long-running manga series written and illustrated by Mineo Maya one of the few known male manga artist for shōnen-ai manga. Patalliro! is the first anime series to present shōnen-ai themes on television.
 The Merlin Conspiracy is a fantasy novel for young adults by Diana Wynne Jones published in 2003 by HarperCollins.
 The Australian Ugliness is a 1960 book by Australian architect Robin Boyd. Boyd investigates the Australian aesthetic in regard to architecture and the suburbs and in the process coins the doctrine featurism to describe it. Whilst not entirely a tragedy for the Australian community Boyd proposes that education in design can be a means to resolve the ugliness he observed.
 Dragonology: The Complete Book of Dragons is a 2003 fiction book written by Dugald Steer published by Templar Publishing in the United Kingdom and by Candlewick Press in the United States. The book was designed by Nghiem Ta and features the artwork of Helen Ward Wayne Anderson and Douglas Carrel.
 Laser Focus World is a monthly magazine published by PennWell Corporation covering laser photonics and optoelectronics technologies applications and markets. Many professionals in those fields receive it free of charge; it is also possible to subscribe.Approximately 70000 subscribers have access to an annual Lasers and Photonics Marketplace Seminar and The Photon Forum and can track daily photonics news at the magazine's website. There is also an annual buyer's guide.
 The Killeen Daily Herald is a daily newspaper in Killeen Texas. The newspaper is owned by Frank Mayborn Enterprises Inc. The newspaper has a daily circulation of about 14000 and a Sunday circulation of about 17000.
 Music and Medicine is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the intersection of music and medicine. Its editors-in-chief are Joanne V. Loewy (Beth Israel Medical Center) and Ralph Spintge (Sportkrankenhaus Hellersen). It was established in 2009 and is published by Sage Publications.
 The Macquarie Law Journal is an annual peer-reviewed law review published by the Macquarie Law School at Macquarie University. It is published online and in hard copy.
 Cross Game (クロスゲーム Kurosu Gēmu) is a romantic comedy baseball manga series by Mitsuru Adachi that was serialized by Shogakukan in Weekly Shōnen Sunday between 11 May 2005 (issue 22/23) and 17 February 2010 (issue 12). It is collected in 17 tankōbon volumes with the final volume published in April 2010 shortly after the end of the anime series. It received the 54th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen manga in 2009 and has been praised internationally as quietly brilliant and a great success.
 Alice and The Lost Novel is a 1929 novel by American author Sherwood Anderson. The book was first published in a limited edition of 530 copies by London publisher Elkin Mathews and Marrot. It consists of two autobiographical pieces.
 Personality and Mental Health: Multidisciplinary Studies from Personality Dysfunction to Criminal Behaviour is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Centre for Health and Justice.
 Five Go Down To The Sea is the twelfth novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1953.The Famous Five decide to spend their time at a lonely and desolate farm in Cornwall suggested by Uncle Quentin and encounter Mr Penruthlan. They hear strange stories of the long ago wrecking business. But lights are being shone at night directing ships to the rocks. Is there a mystery on the way?
 The Sister of the South is a children's fantasy book written by Emily Rodda. The book is the fourth and final book in the Dragons of Deltora series the third in the Deltora saga. It was released in 2005 and is published by Scholastic Press.
 The Art Lesson is a 1989 children's picture book by Tomie DePaola. The book was published by Trumpet Publishing and deals with the theme of compromise. The Art Lesson was met with a positive reception by critics and was one of the New York Times's Best Picture Books Of the Year for Children in 1989.
 In Sunlight In a Beautiful Garden is the second novel of the American writer Kathleen Cambor.A historical novel its plot is based on the Johnstown Flood of 1889 when more than 2000 people drowned after the collapse of the South Fork Dam. It accurately portrays the historical figures of the South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club the industrialists Henry Clay Frick Andrew Mellon and Andrew Carnegie in their cameo roles.
 Sharpe's Eagle is an historical novel by Bernard Cornwell. Set in July 1809 during the Peninsular War and featuring the Battle of Talavera it is the eighth (chronologically) in the Richard Sharpe Series. As the first of the series to be written the events in this novel do a great deal to establish Sharpe's legacy as a hero.
 The Fold (2008) is a young adult novel by An Na. It is her third novel following Wait for Me and A Step from Heaven.
 Flat Stanley is a 1964 children's book written by Jeff Brown (January 1 1926 – December 3 2003) and originally illustrated by Tomi Ungerer. It is the first in a series of books featuring Stanley Lambchop.
 Incidents is a 1987 collection of four essays by Roland Barthes. It was published posthumously by François Wahl Roland Barthes's literary executor.
 „Združena Komuna“ (United Commune) was a movement created around the same name blog and later political zine in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina. Basic principles of movement are libertarianism democracy human rights freedom of speech struggle against ethno-nationalism and clericalism in Bosnia and Herzegovina.„Združena Komuna“ was established in January 2008.
 The House in the Night is a children's picture book written by Susan Marie Swanson and illustrated by Beth Krommes. Published in 2008 the book is a bedtime verse about the light in a house during the night. Krommes won the 2009 Caldecott Medal for her illustrations.
 Elemental Gelade (エレメンタルジェレイド Erementaru Jereido also translated as Erementar Gerad) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mayumi Azuma.
 Negima! Magister Negi Magi known in Japan as Magical Teacher Negima! (魔法先生ネギま! Mahō Sensei Negima!) is a manga series written and illustrated by Ken Akamatsu (known for his best selling title Love Hina). Published by Kodansha and serialized in Shōnen Magazine in Japan it was also being translated into English and published by Del Rey Manga in the United States and Canada prior to Kodansha establishing a U.S. division.
 The Second Book of Fritz Leiber is a collection of short stories and articles by Fritz Leiber. It was first published in paperback in January 1975 by DAW Books. It was later gathered together with The Book of Fritz Leiber into the hardcover omnibus collection The Book of Fritz Leiber Volume ! & !! (Gregg Press 1980)..The book consists of five fantasy science fiction and horror short stories alternating with six related articles together with a foreword by the author.
 The Flint Enquirer is a small-circulation newspaper serving the African American community of Genesee County Michigan. It is distributed at local colleges and other locations.
 Gondibert is an epic poem by William Davenant. In it he attempts to combine the five act structure of English Renaissance drama with the Homeric and Virgilian epic literary tradition.
 The Southern Humanities Review is a quarterly literary journal published by Auburn University. The editor-in-chief is Chantel Acevedo. The journal publishes fiction poetry and creative nonfiction. It was established in 1967 as the official organ of the Southern Humanities Council with which it remains affiliated.
 The Beggar and the Diamond is a re-telling of a Hindu parable written by Stephen King which was published as part of his 1993 short story collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes. It begins with an author's note explaining that the origin of the story and that in the original Hindu version of the story God is Shiva and the archangel is his wife Parvati. It is not listed in the contents of Nightmares & Dreamscapes.
 Fortune Arterial (フォーチュン アテリアル Fōchun Ateriaru) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August released as a limited edition version on January 25 2008 playable on Windows PCs as a DVD. Fortune Arterial is August's fifth game preceded by other titles such as Tsuki wa Higashi ni Hi wa Nishi ni: Operation Sanctuary and Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na.
 7iber (Arabic: حبر‎) is a Jordanian multimedia organization that engages in citizen journalism in order to inform engage and inspire. It is pronounced Hiber with the 7 standing in for the haa sound in Arabic and means ink.
 The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments was a children's chemistry book written in the 1960s by Robert Brent and illustrated by Harry Lazarus and published by Western Publishing in their Golden Books series.
 Lisp in Small Pieces (Cambridge University Press 1996 ISBN 0-521-56247-3; paperback edition (December 4 2003) ISBN 0-521-54566-8; translated by Kathleen Callaway) is a book by Christian Queinnec on Lisp Scheme and other related dialects their interpretation semantics and compilation and contains code for 11 interpreters and 2 compilers.The English title is a recursive acronym (Lisp in Small Pieces). It was originally published in French by Interéditions with the title Les Langages Lisp.
 Lifeloop is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collections Capitol and The Worthing Saga. Card first published it in the October 1978 issue of Analog Science Fiction and Fact.
 Boba Fett: A Practical Man is an e-novella by Karen Traviss which was published online in August 2006 by Del Rey Books. It focuses on what led Boba Fett and the Mandalorians to fend off the Yuuzhan Vong invaders during the devastating Yuuzhan Vong War. The eBook contains an additional 3-page preview of Betrayal a 4-page preview of Bloodlines a 7-page interview with Aaron Allston and a 9-page interview with Karen Traviss.
 Kyklos is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. It was established in 1947 and publishes articles that link economics to issues relevant to contemporary society as well as applications of economic policy.
 Lonesome Dove is a 1985 Pulitzer Prize–winning western novel written by Larry McMurtry. It is the first published book of the Lonesome Dove series but the third installment in the series chronologically.
 Consulting-Specifying Engineer (ISSN-0892-5046) is a trade publication and website owned by CFE Media serving the information needs of engineering personnel who perform various consulting engineering activities.The magazine is published monthly and covers Consulting-Specifying Engineering subjects such as: Mechanical Electrical Plumbing Lighting Fire and Life Safety and Controls/BAS Engineering.
 Kentucky Ham first published in 1973 was the second novel by William S. Burroughs Jr. the son of Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs.Like its predecessor Speed the book is an autobiographical novel based upon Burroughs' own life. In this case it covers a range of events such as time spent in a prison farm in Kentucky working on a fishing boat in Alaska and visiting his father's old haunt Tangiers.Burroughs Jr.
 The Other Side is a horror fiction novel co-authored by Faraaz Kazi and Vivek Banerjee. The book first published by Mahaveer Publishers in 2013 has the world's first animated book cover.The book was launched by horror movie maker Vikram Bhatt in Mumbai alongwith Aftab Shivdasani Tia Bajpai and Vidya Malavade
 Subterranean is a novel by James Rollins. Beneath the ice at the bottom of the Earth is a magnificent subterranean labyrinth a place of breathtaking wonders – and terrors beyond imagining. A team of specialists led by archaeologist Ashley Carter has been hand-picked to explore this secret place and to uncover the riches it holds. But they are not the first to venture here – and those they follow did not return.
 Cobra II: The Inside Story of the Invasion and Occupation of Iraq is a 2006 book written by Michael R. Gordon chief military correspondent for The New York Times and Bernard E. Trainor a retired Marine Corps lieutenant general which details the behind-the-scenes decision-making leading to the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
 The Color of Light is a novel by William Goldman published in 1984. It is about the life of writer Charles 'Chub' Fuller who while attending Oberlin College from 1968–1972 channels his childhood experiences as the only child of an alcoholic suicidal father and a moody impossible-to-please mother into a series of short stories shared only with his friend and foil Stanley 'Two-Brew' Kitchel.
 My Father's Rifle: A Childhood in Kurdistan is a novella by Kurdish screenplay writer writer and film director Hiner Saleem (2004 ISBN 978-0-374-21693-1). The novella is a fictionalized account of Saleem's childhood in Kurdistan. Hiner's Novella is a capture of War in a child's prospective. As every Kurdish child Hiner's childhood was painted by War lost identity and the hardship life of any man born in this land Kurdistan!
 The Secret of Red Gate Farm is the sixth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene It was first published in 1931.
 Usha Kirana was a Kannada newspaper which had its headquarters in Bangalore Karnataka. The newspaper was originally established by Vijay Sankeshwar in March 2005 as a sister publication to the Vijaya Karnataka daily. Originally the paper had several simultaneously published editions.In 2006 the paper was sold to Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. publishers of India's leading newspaper The Times of India along with all sister publications like Vijaya Karnataka.After Bennett Coleman & Co.
 Into the Out Of (1986) is a horror/fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster.
 The Beach (1996) is a travel/backpacking novel by English author Alex Garland.
 Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature (published in 1979) is a book by American philosopher Richard Rorty. It attempts to dissolve modern philosophical problems instead of solving them by presenting them as pseudo-problems that only exist in the language-game of epistemological projects culminating in Analytic philosophy.
 Zombie Bums from Uranus is a novel by Australian children's author Andy Griffiths and is the second part of Griffiths' Bum trilogy. The book was released in 2003 worldwide however the United States version was titled Zombie Butts from Uranus as opposed to Zombie Bums from Uranus.
 The Raw and the Cooked is the first volume from Mythologiques a structural study of Amerindian mythology written by French anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss. It was originally published in French as Le Cru et le Cuit.
 An Atlas of Fantasy compiled by Jeremiah Benjamin Post was originally published in 1973 by Mirage Press and revised for a 1979 edition by Ballantine Books. The 1979 edition dropped twelve maps from the first edition and added fourteen new ones.
 Akhbar Al Arab (in Arabic أخبار العرب meaning The News of the Arabs in English) is a daily newspaper published in Abu Dhabi.
 Consilience: The Unity of Knowledge is a 1998 book by biologist E. O. Wilson. In this book Wilson discusses methods that have been used to unite the sciences and might in the future unite them with the humanities. Wilson prefers and uses the term consilience to describe the synthesis of knowledge from different specialized fields of human endeavor.
 The House is a weekly British political magazine relating to the British House of Commons. It is managed by a cross-party editorial team of MPs and overseen by a panel of senior parliamentarians.The House was relaunched in May 2010 to coincide with the General Election. After consultation with a number of MPs and Peers The House added a number of features and regular columns in a bid to attract the attention and support of new MPs.
 Johnny Mnemonic is a short story by William Gibson and the inspiration behind the 1995 film of the same name. The short story first appeared in Omni magazine in May 1981 and was subsequently included in 1986's Burning Chrome a collection of Gibson's short fiction.
 Pandemia is a 2006 post-apocalyptic teen novel written by American author author Johnathan Rand. The book discusses the possibility of H5N1 the bird flu mutating and becoming a global epidemic because of updated transportation methods and eventually causing a universal state of emergency.
 Tao: On the Road and on the Run in Outlaw China Written by Aya Goda in 2008 recounts the story of how she met her husband his arrest by Chinese authorities and their escape to Japan. The original Japanese version of Tao was published by Bungeisyunjyu publisher in 1995 and was awarded 17th Kodansha Non-Fiction award in Japan.
 Last Words is the autobiography of American stand-up comedian George Carlin. It was published on November 10 2009. Last Words tells the story of his life from his conception literally to his final years; he died on June 22 2008 at the age of 71. He also wrote a special parting gift to the world.
 Travel Weekly is a business magazine and online information service for the UK travel industry.It provides news analysis and destination articles for travel agents tour operators and tourism employees about the UK outbound and domestic holiday and travel markets.The weekly A4-sized magazine has an audited circulation of 14785 and is published on Thursday.In 2011 Travel Weekly was shortlisted for two PPA Awards: weekly magazine of the year and editor of the year (business media).
 People of the Wolf is a 1990 historical fiction novel by husband and wife co-authors W. Michael Gear and Kathleen O'Neal Gear. The story explores the migration of humans into pre-historic North America. It is the first book in The First North Americans series.
 Shopaholic Ties the Knot (2002) is the third in the popular Shopaholic series. It is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella a pseudonym of Madeline Wickham. It follows the story of Becky Bloomwood and her boyfriend (later fiancé) Luke Brandon as they become engaged and plan their wedding.
 Nation is a novel by Terry Pratchett published in the UK on 11 September 2008. It was the first non-Discworld Pratchett novel since Johnny and the Bomb (1996). Nation is in an alternative history of our world in the 1860s. The book received recognition as a Michael L. Printz Honor Book for 2009.
 The Legacy is the award winning student-run newspaper at Lindenwood University which is published every Tuesday during the Fall and Spring semesters. The online version of The Legacy is hosted by College Publisher. In addition to viewing each week's stories and accessing an archive readers can check for updates for breaking news. The newspaper offices are located at The Journalism Lab inside the Spellmann Campus Center and is advised by the Lindenwood University School of Communications.
 transition was an experimental literary journal that featured surrealist expressionist and Dada art and artists. It was founded in 1927 by poet Eugene Jolas and his wife Maria McDonald and published in Paris. They were later assisted by editors Elliot Paul (April 1927- March 1928) Robert Sage (October 1927-Fall 1928) and James Johnson Sweeney (June 1936-May 1938).
 Doctor Sleep is a novel by Stephen King a sequel to King's novel The Shining (1977) released in September 2013. King first mentioned the idea in November 2009. The author's official website confirmed the project on September 26 2011. The audiobook edition of Stephen King's 2012 novel The Dark Tower: The Wind Through the Keyhole released on April 24 2012 contains the novel's prologue read by the author.
 Siddhartha is a 1922 novel by Hermann Hesse that deals with the spiritual journey of self-discovery of a man named Siddhartha during the time of the Gautama Buddha. The book Hesse's ninth novel was written in German in a simple lyrical style. It was published in the U.S. in 1951 and became influential during the 1960s.
 Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 4 is the fourth installment of Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology one of the many Alfred Hitchcock story collection books; edited by Eleanor Sullivan. Originally published in hardcover as Alfred Hitchcock's Tales to Scare You Stiff in 1978 the book includes 26 short stories and a short novel called The Graveyard Shift by William P. McGivern. Also within the 26 short stories is The Green Heart by Jack Ritchie which was made into the 1971 film A New Leaf.
 The Two Pound Tram is a novel written by William Newton (a pseudonym of Kenneth Newton a retired doctor). It was first published in 2003 to great acclaim and won the 2004 Society of Authors Sagittarius Prize (for first novelists over the age of 60). It sold 60000 copies in Britain and was also successful in America and Germany.
 The Redbreast (Norwegian: Rødstrupe 2000) is a crime novel by Norwegian writer Jo Nesbø the third in the Harry Hole series (although the first in the series to be available in English).The novel begins during former President Clinton's visit to Norway where Harry reluctantly ends up playing an important role.
 Essentials is British lifestyle magazine published by IPC Media part of Time Inc.
 Soulmates is a play by Australian playwright David Williamson published by Currency Press and set in the world of publishing.Among the people satired are a critic which was seen as a reflection of Williamson's battles with the critics over a long period of time.Williamson later said he was surprised that no one picked up Soulmates for a film. It worked very well with audiences on stage and is a classic revenge story.
 The Oval Portrait is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe involving the disturbing circumstances surrounding a portrait in a chateau. It is one of his shortest stories filling only two pages in its initial publication in 1842.
 Earth Abides is a 1949 post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by American writer George R. Stewart. It tells the story of the fall of civilization from deadly disease and its rebirth. The story was set in the United States in the 1940s in Berkeley California. Isherwood Williams emerges from isolation in the mountains to find almost everyone dead.Earth Abides won the inaugural International Fantasy Award in 1951.
 The Marriage Counselor is a 2008 play written directed and produced by the American playwright Tyler Perry. It is his tenth play.
 Letters from the Earth is one of Mark Twain's posthumously published works. The essays were written during a difficult time in Twain's life; he was deep in debt and had lost his wife and one of his daughters. The content concerns morality and religion and strikes a sarcastic (Twain's term throughout the book) tone.
 Growing Up bin Laden: Osama's Wife and Son Take Us Inside Their Secret World is a book based on interviews with the wife and son of Osama bin Laden.
 Songs and Sonnets Atlantean is a collection of poems by Donald S. Fryer. It was released in 1971 by Arkham House in an edition of 2045 copies. The introduction and notes attributed to Dr. Ibid M. Andor are actually written by Fryer.
 Biology and Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles about philosophy of biology. The journal was founded by Michael Ruse in 1986. and is currently edited by Kim Sterelny. It is published by Springer.
 The Journal of AOAC International is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering analytical chemistry.
 Deus Vitae or D'V (ディーヴァ DīVa) is a manga series created by Takuya Fujima.
 The Dawson Creek Daily News is a daily newspaper serving Dawson Creek and the South Peace River region of northeastern British Columbia Canada. The paper was founded in 1930 as the Peace River Block News and has been owned since 2006 by Glacier Media.
 Paradigm is a comic book series by Matthew Cashel and Jeremy Haun.
 The Life of Percy Bysshe Shelley is an unfinished posthumous biography of the Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley that was written by his friend Thomas Jefferson Hogg. The first two of the four planned volumes were released in 1858 to largely unfavourable reviews. Though a few friends of Percy Shelley enjoyed the book many critics attacked the book for being poorly edited and for portraying Shelley negatively.
 Ghost/Hellboy is a DC Comics/Dark Horse Comics two-issue crossover comic book mini-series written by Mike Mignola with art by Scott Benefiel published May to June 1996 featuring fictional heroes Ghost and Hellboy.
 The Covenant is a historical novel by American author James A. Michener published in 1980.
 Bomberman Jetters (ボンバーマンジェッターズ Bonbāman Jettāzu) often abbreviated as BMJ by fans is a series of products based on the popular Bomberman video game series created by Hudson Soft.Bomberman Jetters tells the story of the Higehige bandits who are a group of thieves foiled constantly by the Jetters.The Jetters consist of Mighty (the Legendary Bomberman) Dr. Ein—the founder as well as Gangu's creator—Birdy Shout Bongo Gangu and White Bomber—Mighty's younger brother.
 Champ of the Forecastle is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in November 1930 issue of Fight Stories.The story is now in the public domain.
 Physiological Reviews is a journal published quarterly by the American Physiological Society. Physiological Reviews provides state of the art coverage[citation needed] of timely issues[citation needed] in the physiological and biomedical sciences.
 The Irish Filmography: Fiction Films 1896-1996 is a 757-page reference catalog of movies and short films produced from 1896 to 1996 in Ireland or about Ireland and the Irish. It was published in 1996 by Red Mountain Press a company in Dublin Ireland. The chief editor was Kevin Rockett.The catalog has a title index of approximately 2000 films. Approximately one-tenth of those are Irish productions. The remainder produced outside Ireland are films about Ireland and the Irish diaspora.
 Prince of Ayodhya (2003) is the first installment of an eight-part series of books written by Ashok K. Banker which chronicles the events of the Ramayana in a modern retelling of the Indian epic. The series revolves around the stories of Rama Lakshman and Sita and their struggles against the demon-king Ravana highlighting the intense love of Rama and Sita and the young prince's adherence to Dharma.
 Shadow of the Dragon: Kira is a 2008 children's fantasy novel written by Kate O'Hearn. It is the first book in the Shadow of the Dragon series.
 The Diamond Smugglers is a non-fiction work by Ian Fleming that was first published in 1957 in the United Kingdom and in 1958 in the United States.
 The Alpena News is a general daily newspaper in the City of Alpena Michigan. USA. It has an approximate circulation of 10000 and is published by Ogden Newspapers Inc. News reports are available on line. The paper was founded in 1902. The paper currently has between 20 to 50 employees.It is the newspaper of record for Alpena County.
 The Fortunes and Misfortunes of the Famous Moll Flanders (commonly known simply as Moll Flanders) is a novel by Daniel Defoe first published in 1722. It purports to be the true account of the life of the eponymous Moll detailing her exploits from birth until old age.By 1721 Defoe had become a recognised novelist with the success of Robinson Crusoe in 1719.
 Touchstone Magazine is a bimonthly publication of the Fellowship of St. James. It is subtitled A Journal of Mere Christianity which replaced A Journal of Ecumenical Orthodoxy.
 Presidential Mission is the eighth novel in Upton Sinclair's Lanny Budd series. First published in 1947 the story covers the period from 1942 to 1943.
 The Frighteners (not to be confused with the film of the same title) is a 1989 spy novel by Donald Hamilton continuing the adventures of his creation assassin Matt Helm.Hamilton took a break from writing Matt Helm novels after this book; the next volume would not appear until 1992.
 The Vast Spread of the Seas (Sea God in the East Vast Sea in the West 東の海神 西の滄海) is the third book in The Twelve Kingdoms fantasy series written by Fuyumi Ono.The English-language edition was published by Tokyopop on March 2009 as Hardcover under its PopFiction imprint.The book focuses on Enki and Shoryu the kirin and king of En respectively in the early years of Shoryu's reign when Shoryu is forced to quell a rebellion in En.
 The Origin of German Tragic Drama or Ursprung des deutschen Trauerspiels was the postdoctoral major academic work (Habilitation) submitted by Walter Benjamin to the University of Frankfurt in 1925 and later published until 1928. The book is a study of German drama during the baroque period and was meant to earn Benjamin the qualification of university instructor. The academic community rejected the work and Benjamin withdrew it from consideration.
 Michel Vaillant is the title of a French comics series created in 1957 by French cartoonist Jean Graton and published originally by Le Lombard. Later Graton published the albums by himself when he founded Graton éditeur in 1982.
 The Sisters Brothers (2011) is a historical novel by Canadian-born author Patrick deWitt.The darkly comic Western-inspired story takes place in Oregon and California in 1851. The narrator Eli Sisters and his brother Charlie Sisters are assassins sent to kill Hermann Kermit Warm an ingenious and likable man who is accused of stealing from the Sisters' fearsome boss the Commodore.
 Ghosts is a horror comic book series published by DC Comics for 112 issues from September-October 1971 to May 1982. Its tagline was True Tales of the Weird and Supernatural (December 1978) changed to New Tales of the Weird and Supernatural as of #75 (April 1979) and dropped after #104 (September 1981).
 Blue Screen is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the fifth in his Sunny Randall series.
 Great Science Fiction Stories About the Moon is a 1967 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by T. E. Dikty and published by Fredrick Fell. The stories had originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact Galaxy Science Fiction Fantasy and Science Fiction Thrilling Wonder Stories and Astounding.
 Ninth Letter is a literary magazine that publishes poetry fiction and nonfiction. It is an interdisciplinary collaboration between the School of Art + Design and the Creative Writing Program at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. Ninth Letter exists in two related but distinct forms: a biannual print magazine and a website that features new electronic content on a continuous basis. First published in 2004.
 Tennis Magazine (styled as TENNIS magazine) is an American sports magazine owned by the Miller Publishing Group LLC. It is a monthly magazine (but only 8 per year) which covers news from the world of tennis.
 Miyako Shinbun (都新聞) was the first Japanese daily newspaper to be published in an evening edition. It was established in Nagoya.
 Grooming Gossip and the Evolution of language is a 1996 book by Robin Dunbar arguing that language evolved from social grooming.
 The Journal of Consumer Affairs is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1967 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Council on Consumer Interests. It covers research on consumer behavior consumer and household decision making and the implications of practices and policies on consumers' wellbeing. According to the Journal Citation Reports it has a 2011 impact factor of 1.032 ranking it 60th out of 113 journals in the category Business.
 Windows IT Pro (ISSN-1552-3136) is a trade publication and web site owned by Penton serving the information needs of IT professionals working with the Microsoft Windows platform.The magazine's editorial offices are located in Ft. Collins Colorado USA. Established in 1995 Windows IT Pro publishes a monthly digital magazine; produces web content web seminars and elearning training sessions; and hosts conferences for IT professionals.
 Gambara is a short story by Honoré de Balzac first published in 1837 in the Revue et gazette musicale de Paris at the request of its editor Maurice Schlesinger.
 The Kearney Hub is a daily newspaper published in Kearney Nebraska United States and is the primary newspaper for south-central region of Nebraska surrounding the city including Buffalo County Nebraska and the Kearney Micropolitan Statistical Area.The paper was founded in 1888 and was first published on October 22 1888. Its founders included Mentor A. Brown (1853-1932) formerly of the Beatrice Press and R.H.
 Do Hard Things: A Teenage Rebellion Against Low Expectations is a popular Christian book authored by Alex and Brett Harris founders of The Rebelution. It was published by WaterBrook Multnomah a division of Random House on April 15 2008.Do Hard Things has been one of the top 10 religious titles on Nielsen BookScan and is still an Amazon.com best-seller.
 Tygodnik Cieszyński (Cieszyn Weekly) was a weekly Polish magazine published in Cieszyn (Teschen) in 1848-1851. It was the first local magazine in Cieszyn Silesia.The first issue appeared on 6 May 1848. The publisher was Ludwik Klucki first editor was Andrzej Cinciała who was in August replaced by Paweł Stalmach. The first article of the first issue of Tygodnik Cieszyński began with words:The black cloud which through the centuries overshadowed the light sky cracked.
 The Daily Squib is a British satirical online publication created by satire writer Aur Esenbel and was officially launched on April Fool's Day 2007. Its coverage extends across world politics science technology business sports and health.
 The Journal of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering the practice of nurse practitioners. It is the official publication of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners.
 Strandloper is a novel by English writer Alan Garner published in 1996. It is based on the story of a Cheshire labourer William Buckley. The historical figure of Edward Stanley also appears as a character in the novel.
 Current History is the oldest United States-based publication devoted exclusively to contemporary world affairs. The magazine was founded in 1914 by George Washington Ochs Oakes brother of New York Times publisher Adolph Ochs in order to provide detailed coverage of World War I. Current History was published by The New York Times Company from its founding until 1936.
 Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog is a collection of short prose stories written by Welsh poet Dylan Thomas first published by Dent on 4 April 1940. The first paperback copy appeared in 1948 published by the British Publishers Guild.
 I Never Saw Another Butterfly is a collection of works of art and poetry by Jewish children who lived in the concentration camp Theresienstadt. This book is named after a poem by Pavel Friedman a young man born in 1921 who was incarcerated at Theresienstadt and was later killed at Auschwitz. Where known the fate of each young author is listed. Most died prior to the camp being liberated.
 A Woman of Substance is a novel by Barbara Taylor Bradford and was published in 1979.This novel is the first of a saga about the fortunes of a retail empire and the machinations of the business elite across three generations.It is the first of seven novels about Emma Harte and her family. Subsequent novels are Hold The Dream To Be The Best Emma's Secret Unexpected Blessings Just Rewards and Breaking the Rules.
 The Washington Examiner is a political journalism publication based in Washington D.C. that distributes its content via daily online reports and a weekly magazine. It is owned by MediaDC a subsidiary of Clarity Media Group which is owned by Denver billionaire Philip Anschutz and which also owns the influential conservative opinion magazine The Weekly Standard.
 Remains is a five-issue comic book limited series published by IDW Publishing in 2004. The story is written by Steve Niles and has art by Kieron Dwyer.Remains is about a post-apocalyptic world overrun with flesh-eating zombies.
 Tales from Earthsea is a collection of fantasy stories and essays by American author Ursula K. Le Guin published by Harcourt in 2001.
 Manja (pampered in English) is a Malay-language entertainment and lifestyle magazine that is published monthly in Singapore by MediaCorp. It was launched in conjunction with Singapore's first Malay channel Suria on 30 January 2000 to complement each other thru the different media platform.
 Ludwig II (ルートヴィヒⅡ世 Rūtovihi II Sei) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by You Higuri. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the first volume of the manga on 10 June 2009 and the second on 23 September 2009. It is licensed in France and Germany by Panini Comics although it is now out of print in France. It fictionalises the story of Ludwig II of Bavaria.
 Deuce is a play by Terrence McNally which ran on Broadway in 2007.
 The Plaquemine Post South is a weekly newspaper published in Plaquemine Louisiana. It is owned by Gatehouse Media. The Plaquemine Post South is a member of the Louisiana Press Association. News content for the publication is based in the City of Plaquemine but also includes the Iberville Parish area.
 Rob Riley was a British comic strip during the 1960s and 1970s. It was a black and white strip drawn by Jesús Blasco.It was a fairly realistic strip about an eponymous contemporary British schoolboy set in the fictional town of Westhaven-on-Sea. At one point he obtained a scholarship to a public school the strip dealt with the social issues this raised.
 Puppet Master is a limited comic book series based on the horror film franchise of the same name and published by Eternity Comics And Full Moon Entertainment.
 To Save America: Stopping Obama's Secular-Socialist Machine is a 2010 non-fiction book by former Speaker of the House and conservative activist Newt Gingrich offering a critical view of supposed secular and socialist influences on American liberalism and the Democratic Party. It was a New-York Times bestseller.
 Feeling Sorry for Celia is a young adult novel by Jaclyn Moriarty. It was first published in 2000 by Pan Macmillan. The story is told in a series of letters.Life is pretty complicated for Elizabeth Clarry. Her best friend Celia keeps disappearing her absent father suddenly reappears and her communication with her mother consists entirely of wacky notes left on the fridge.
 Batman: Gotham County Line is a three-issue American comic book limited series written by Steve Niles known for his series 30 Days of Night and illustrated by Scott Hampton. It follows Batman as a series of ritual murders outside of Gotham City leads him into a macabre supernatural realm.
 My Beloved World is a memoir written by Sonia Sotomayor the first Hispanic justice on the United States Supreme Court about her childhood education and life through 1992.
 House of Reckoning is a thriller horror novel by John Saul published by Ballantine Books on October 13 2009. The novel follows the story of teenage Sarah Crane who along with her friends unravels the shocking story behind an old mansion upon arriving in a new town.
 The Wonder City of Oz (1940) is the thirty-fourth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the first written and illustrated solely by John R. Neill.
 Himalaya: Mountains of Life is a coffee table book authored by Sandesh Kadur and Kamaljit S. Bawa. The book contains information about the biodiversity of Eastern Himalaya and is divided into four main chapters The Land The People The Animals The Plants.The book aims at capturing the biodiversity and the culture of the eastern Himalayan region by documenting behaviors and rarely photographed species.
 Rhythms Monthly (Chinese: 經典雜誌) is a Chinese language geographic magazine based in Taipei Taiwan. Published in a format similar to the National Geographic Magazine Rhythms Monthly reports on cultural historical environmental and humanitarian themes often from and for a Chinese perspective. The magazine is supported by Tzu Chi one of Taiwan's largest Buddhist non-profit organizations.The magazine is known for its multi-year reportage projects.
 The Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers were first published by the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) in 1847. The Proceedings were published under this single title until 1963 when they began to be published in two parts.
 Soft Matter is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles on the generic science underpinning the properties and applications of soft matter. Soft Matter is published 48 times a year by the Royal Society of Chemistry.Liz Davies is the Editor of Soft Matter. Soft Matter was launched in 2005 and is one of the highest impact factor journals of its field.
 Daredevil: Reborn is a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. Following the events of Shadowland Matt Murdock has left Hell’s Kitchen behind. The story details about Matt entering Mexico town's incident. The series was released in 2011 written by Andy Diggle.
 The Virgin in the Ice is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in late 1139. It is the sixth novel in The Cadfael Chronicles first published in 1982 (1982 in literature).It was adapted for radio by BBC Radio 4 in 1993 and for television in 1995 by Central for ITV.The novel is set in real places in England during the Anarchy the period of civil war between King Stephen and Empress Maud. The wars and disorder allow marauders with no loyalty to either faction to pillage and burn.
 Hong Kong Economic Times (26 January 1988) the leading financial daily in Hong Kong was founded by Mr. Fung Siu Por Lawrence (Chairman) Mr. Perry Mak (Managing Director) Mr. Arthur Shek (Executive Director) and other founders with HK$20 million of foundation fund in 1988.
 Through Violet Eyes is the first science-fiction alternate history novel by Stephen Woodworth featuring the Violet detective Natalie Lindstrom. It was written in 2004.
 Zombie Lover is the twenty-second book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 The East Village Other (often abbreviated as EVO) was an American underground newspaper in New York City New York issued biweekly during the 1960s. It was described by The New York Times as a New York newspaper so countercultural that it made The Village Voice look like a church circular.Published by Walter Bowart EVO was among the first countercultural newspapers to emerge following the Los Angeles Free Press which had begun publishing a few months earlier.
 Just Call Me Stupid is a children's novel by Tom Birdseye published in 1993.
 The Montgomery Advertiser is a daily newspaper located in Montgomery Alabama. It was founded in 1829.
 Becky Shaw is a 2008 play written by Gina Gionfriddo.The play had its world premiere at the 2008 Humana Festival of New American Plays in Louisville Kentucky. The play was commissioned by the Actors Theatre of Louisville after the success of Gionfriddo's last play After Ashley at the 2004 Humana Festival.After the play opened to critical acclaim at the Humana Festival it was soon announced that Second Stage Theatre would play host to its New York debut in the winter of 2008-09.
 The Prince Rupert Daily News was a daily newspaper in Prince Rupert British Columbia closed in 2010.
 Tarzan and the Forbidden City is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the twentieth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan.
 The Copper Peacock and Other Stories is a short-story collection by British writer Ruth Rendell. The title comes from the 6th story in the collection in which a copper bookmark in the form of a peacock is gift from a cleaner to her employer the giving of which has significant ramifications for their relationship. The final story in the collection features her popular series protagonist Inspector Reg Wexford.
 Heroes of the Valley is a 2009 fantasy/adventure book by Jonathan Stroud known for his Bartimaeus Trilogy. The protagonist of the series is Halli Sveinsson a boy from a village nestled atop a mountain.
 History is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the March 1941 issue of Super Science Stories and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov.
 The Man in the Brown Suit is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by The Bodley Head on 22 August 1924 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00.
 Storm Track was the first magazine for and about storm chasing. It was started in 1977 by chasing pioneer David Hoadley following an informal meeting of storm chasers at an American Meteorological Society conference. In the beginning it was published in newsletter format but in time assumed a magazine format and was published bimonthly throughout its history. In 1986 editorship was handed over to Tim Marshall a storm damage engineer (and meteorologist).
 The Book of Games Volume 2 is a game compendium by gameXplore examining 100 video games from November 2006 through November 2007 covering most of the current game platforms. It covers topics such as Hardcore Gaming LAN Events Indie Game Development Videogames as Art Music in Games Professional Gamers Future of Games etc. It contains interviews with Tony Hawk Rob Pardo Al Lowe Jun Takeuchi and Petter Solberg.
 Trial Balance: The Collected Short Stories of William March is a collection of short stories by American author William March first published in 1945 by Harcourt Brace and Company. The 55 stories span almost the entirety of March's entire career until then from 1929 to 1945.Reviews were plentiful and positive; Roy S. Simmonds lists 31 reviews in his William March: An Annotated Checklist.
 Dark Fire is the sixth book in the paranormal/romance series Dark Series by American author Christine Feehan. It is the second book in a trilogy written within the Dark Series and it starts several months after the events in Dark Challenge.
 The Kills is a novel by Richard House published in 2013.It was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 2013 Man Booker Prize House's first nomination.
 Marvel Zombies 4 is a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics beginning in April 2009. It is part of the Marvel Zombies series. The series is written by Fred Van Lente penciled by Kev Walker with covers by Greg Land.
 Haunted is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer television series. The story features the first appearance of Faith in Buffy comics (she later appears in Note from the Underground and No Future for You.)
 The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a high fantasy novel for children by C. S. Lewis published by Geoffrey Bles in 1952. It was the third published of seven novels in The Chronicles of Narnia (1950–1956) and Lewis had finished writing it in 1950 before the first book was out.[citation needed] It is volume five in recent editions which are sequenced according to Narnia history.
 Mazes and Monsters is a 1981 novel by Rona Jaffe. The novel is a cautionary tale regarding the then-new hobby of fantasy role-playing games. The book was adapted into a made-for-television movie by the same name in 1982 starring young Tom Hanks.
 The Last Tycoons: The Secret History of Lazard Frères & Co. is the debut book by William D. Cohan. It was released on April 3 2007 by Doubleday. It focuses on the history of the prominent investment bank Lazard Frères. The book won the 2007 Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award.
 Statesville Record & Landmark is a daily newspaper based in Statesville North Carolina. The newspaper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway.The Statesville Record & Landmark is the newspaper of record for Statesville and has been serving the city and Iredell County North Carolina for more than a century. It is published seven days a week.
 The Beginning is the 54th and final book in the Animorphs series. Unlike other Animorphs books in the main series but similar to the Megamorphs all characters conduct narration instead of just one.
 The Fall of Hyperion is the second novel in the Hyperion Cantos a science fiction series by American author Dan Simmons. The novel written in 1990 won both the 1991 British Science Fiction and Locus Awards. It was also nominated for the Hugo Award that same year and the Nebula Award in 1990.Set in the 29th century the novel documents a pilgrimage to the planet Hyperion undertaken by eight people whose lives have been altered due to events regarding that world.
 Flash Me Magazine is one of the longest running online magazines devoted to publishing flash fiction stories. It is a quarterly publication by Winged Halo Productions. It is a paying market accepting all genres of fiction under 1000 words. It is also one of the few markets that offer editorial feedback with rejection letters.
 Cutie Honey Flash (キューティーハニー フラッシュ Kyūtī Hanī Furasshu also known as Cutie Honey F) is a 1997 anime television series in the Cutie Honey franchise. In its native Japan the series assumed the timeslot of Sailor Stars the final story arc of the long-running Sailor Moon anime.
 Clay County Progress is a weekly newspaper based in Clay County North Carolina covering Clay and Cherokee counties in North Carolina and Towns County Georgia.
 The Colleen Bawn or The Brides of Garryowen is a melodramatic play written by Irish playwright Dion Boucicault. It was first performed at Miss Laura Keene's Theatre New York on 27 March 1860 with Laura Keene playing Anne Chute and Boucicault playing Myles na Coppaleen. It was most recently performed in Dublin at the Project Arts Centre in July and August 2010. Several film versions have also been made.
 Oxford Mail is a daily tabloid newspaper in Oxford England owned by Newsquest. It is published six days a week. It is a sister paper to the weekly tabloid The Oxford Times.
 The Folk of the Fringe (1989) is a collection of post-apocalyptic stories by American writer Orson Scott Card. These stories are set sometime in the near future when World War III has left America in ruins. The stories are about how a few groups of Mormons struggle to survive. Although all of these stories in this book were meant to stand alone they each include at least one character from one of the other stories which helps to make them a cohesive collection.
 Heart and Soul is a 2008 novel by Irish novelist Maeve Binchy about (what Binchy terms) a heart failure clinic in Dublin and the people involved with it. Several characters from Binchy's previous novels including Evening Class Scarlet Feather Quentins and Whitethorn Woods make appearances.Binchy who suffered a health crisis related to a heart condition in 2002 was inspired to write Heart and Soul by her own experiences and observations in the hospital.
 Dick Fulmine is the title character of a crime-action comic book series.
 Absolute Power is a 1996 book by David Baldacci which was made into a 1997 film starring Clint Eastwood.
 Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets is a 1991 book written by Baltimore Sun reporter David Simon describing a year spent with detectives from the Baltimore Police Department Homicide Unit. The book received the 1992 Edgar Award in the Best Fact Crime category.The book was subsequently fictionalized as the NBC television drama Homicide: Life on the Street (1993–99) on which Simon served as a writer and producer.
 Sakura Hime: The Legend of Princess Sakura (桜姫華伝 Sakura Hime Kaden lit. The Legend of Princess Sakura) is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Arina Tanemura. It began serialization in Ribon magazine on December 1 2008 and has been compiled into 12 volumes by publisher Shueisha since. The series is licensed for English language release in North America by Viz Media under their Shojo Beat imprint who published the first volume on April 5 2011.
 Git Along! is a science fiction short story written by L. Sprague de Camp a story in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It is the second (chronologically) set on the planet Osiris as well as the second to feature the interstellar con-man Darius Koshay. It was first published in the magazine Astounding in the issue for August 1950.
 Baby Steps (ベイビーステップ Beibī Suteppu) is a Japanese manga series by Hikaru Katsuki. It has been serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine since October 2007. The story is centered around Eiichirō Maruo a first year honor student who one day decides that he is lacking exercise. He then joins the Southern Tennis Club (STC) where he begins his tennis journey. An anime television series adaptation of the series began airing in Japan in April 2014.
 Afterlife is a 2008 play by Michael Frayn. It tells the life and career of Austrian theatrical director and actor Max Reinhardt from the revival of the Salzburg Festival in 1920 which he helped to re-establish until his death in New York in 1943.
 The Peeler is a short story by the American author Flannery O'Connor. It was first published in Partisan Review in 1949. It later appeared in the 1971 collection The Complete Stories. It was eventually incorporated into her novel Wise Blood.The story describes a young man Hazel Motes encountering a man selling potato peelers on the street who is interrupted by a blind man and his daughter who are handing out religious tracts.
 Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders is a collection of short stories and poetry by English author Neil Gaiman.
 Tamsin is a 1999 fantasy novel by Peter S. Beagle. It won a Mythopoeic Award in 2000 for adult literature.
 The Enchanted is a 1950 English adaptation by Maurice Valency of the play Intermezzo written in 1933 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.
 White Figure White Ground is the first novel by Canadian author Hugh Hood. It was first published in 1964 by Ryerson Press. One of the main themes in the novel surrounds libertinism as the main character attempts to distinguish between libertinism which he despises and an acknowledgment of his sexual being. The story is about a painter Alexander McDonald heading for international fame returns to his childhood home in Nova Scotia to confront his memories through his painting.
 By Bizarre Hands Rides Again is a collection of short stories and two novellas written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It is a re-issue of his first short story collection with a new introduction four additional stories illustrations and a different cover. It is limited to 300 numbered copies and 26 lettered editions with a custom leather slipcase.
 The Asian Case Research Journal provides a compilation of original cases on Asian companies and MNCs operating in Asia-Pacific. The journal was founded in 1997. Cases in the journal are decisional or illustrative covering a wide range of business disciplines from Marketing to Management Information Systems.
 On Beyond Zebra! is an illustrated children's book by Theodor Geisel better known as Dr. Seuss. This book fits into the genre of literary nonsense.
 Lieut. Gullivar Jones: His Vacation is a novel by Edwin Lester Arnold combining elements of both fantasy and science fiction first published in 1905. The last of Arnold's novels its lukewarm reception led him to stop writing fiction.
 The Siege of Mecca: The Forgotten Uprising in Islam's Holiest Shrine and the Birth of Al Qaeda is a non-fiction book by Wall Street Journal correspondent Yaroslav Trofimov about the 1979 Grand Mosque Seizure in Mecca.Hundreds of Islamic radicals led by Saudi preacher Juhayman al-Otaibi invaded the Masjid al-Haram in Mecca Islam's holiest shrine on Nov. 20 1979. The intruders included men from all over the Muslim world and a handful of American converts.
 Heavy Weather is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on 28 July 1933 by Little Brown and Company Boston and in the United Kingdom on 10 August 1933 by Herbert Jenkins London.
 The Unicorn Murders is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery (more precisely it is a subset of that group an impossible mystery) and features his series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 Journal of Mathematical Biology is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer Verlag. Founded in 1974 the journal publishes articles on biology statistics and mathematical biology. It is the official journal of the European Society for Mathematical and Theoretical Biology. The two editors-in-chief are M. Gyllenberg and M. Lewis.Its 2009 impact factor was 1.695.
 La Pitié suprême (The Supreme Compassion) is a long poem in fifteen sections by Victor Hugo published in February 1879 but in fact written in 1857-8.[citation needed]It was originally part of La Légende des Siècles and was linked with the immense poem La Révolution which was supposed to be at its centre.
 The Bridge is a novel by Scottish author Iain Banks. It was published in 1986. The book switches between three protagonists John Orr Alex and the Barbarian. It is an unconventional love story.
 Cold in the Earth (1992) is Ann Granger's third Mitchell and Markby Mystery. Set in rural England it is about three seemingly unconnected deaths which occur in quick succession in the fictitious town of Bamford in the Cotswolds. Chief Inspector Alan Markby and his team are unofficially joined in their investigations by Meredith Mitchell—who is introduced in Say It with Poison— who leaves her London job to spend Holy Week in the country.
 The Book Thief is a novel by Australian author Markus Zusak. Narrated by Death the book is set in Nazi Germany a place and time when the narrator notes he was extremely busy. It describes a young girl's relationship with her foster parents the other residents of their neighborhood and a young Jewish man who hides in her home during the escalation of World War II.
 Literary Swordsmen and Sorcerers: the Makers of Heroic Fantasy is a work of collective biography on the formative authors of the heroic fantasy genre by L. Sprague de Camp first published in 1976 by Arkham House in an edition of 5431 copies. Most of its chapters are revised versions of articles that initially appeared in the magazine Fantastic and the fanzine Amra from 1971-1976.
 Peter and the Secret of Rundoon is a children's novel that was published by Hyperion Books a subsidiary of Disney in 2007. Written by Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson the book is an unauthorized prequel to the original Peter Pan or the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up by J. M. Barrie and tells the story of an orphan named Peter. It was illustrated by artist Greg Call.
 Spy was a satirical monthly magazine that ran from 1986 to 1998. Founded by Kurt Andersen and E. Graydon Carter who served as its first editors and Thomas L. Phillips Jr. its first publisher. After one folding and a rebirth it ceased publication in 1998. It specialized in intelligent thoroughly researched irreverent pieces targeting the American media entertainment industries and making fun of high society. Many issues often featured brief photographs of nudity relevant to a story.
 First Test is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the first book in the series Protector of the Small. It details the first year of Keladry of Mindelan's training as a page of Tortall.
 Moxyland is a cyberpunk dystopian novel written by South African author Lauren Beukes. The book was published in 2008.Moxyland is narrated by four different characters and each chapter focuses on one of the narrators and her or his own experience living in near futuristic Cape Town South Africa and under an oppressive and pervasive government and media.Overall Moxyland was well received. It was nominated for Sunday Times Fiction Prize.
 Mail is a horror manga series written and illustrated by Housui Yamazaki. The English translation is published by Dark Horse Comics.The series centers around Reiji Akiba (秋葉 零児 Akiba Reiji) a private eye who investigates cases dealing with ghosts. He uses a broomhandle pistol called Kagutsuchi (迦具土 Kagutsuchi) and hallowed ammunition to shoot ghosts that may or may not have possessed people and seal them inside the bullets which simply drop to the floor.
 Man Walks Into a Room published in the United States by Doubleday on May 1 2002 is the first novel by American writer Nicole Krauss. A meditation on memory and personal history solitude and intimacy the novel was critically acclaimed won praise from Susan Sontag and was a finalist for the Los Angeles Times Book Award.
 Young Sherlock Holmes: Death Cloud is the first novel in the Young Sherlock Holmes series that depicts Arthur Conan Doyle's detective Sherlock Holmes as a teenager in the 1860s. It was written by Andy Lane and released in the UK on June 4 2010 by Macmillan Books.
 A Suitable Boy is a novel by Vikram Seth published in 1993. At 1349 pages (1488 pages softcover) and 591552 words the book is one of the longest novels ever published in a single volume in the English language. A sequel to be called A Suitable Girl is due for publication in 2016.
 In the Basement of the Ivory Tower: Confessions of an Accidental Academic is a 2011 book by an adjunct professor of English who writes under the pen name Professor X. It is based on an Atlantic Monthly article of the same title. Professor X teaches at a private college and at a community college in the northeastern United States and argues that The idea that a university education is for everyone is a destructive myth.
 Kit 'n' Carlyle is an American daily comic strip. It was started in 1980 by cartoonist Larry Wright who is also the editorial cartoonist for The Detroit News. The single-panel strip is syndicated by Newspaper Enterprise Association Inc. Its gags center on a single woman named Kit and her cat Carlyle. The name is a word play on Kitty Carlisle.
 Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society A: Physical Mathematical and Engineering Sciences is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society. It publishes original research in a wide range of physical scientific disciplines. Articles can be accessed online a few months prior to the printed journal. All articles become freely accessible two years after their publication date. The current editor-in-chief is Dave Garner (University of Nottingham).
 Oku-sama wa Joshi Kōsei (おくさまは女子高生 lit. The Lady of the House is a High School Girl) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiyoko Kobayashi centering around a couple whose age difference makes it difficult for them to further their relationship as one is a high school girl and the other is her physics teacher. The series first began as a manga serialized in Young Jump published by Shueisha.
 The Borrowers Afloat is a children's fantasy novel by Mary Norton published in 1959 by Dent in the UK and Harcourt in the US. It was the third of five books in a series that is usually called The Borrowers inaugurated by The Borrowers in 1952.
 Jesus the Magician: Charlatan or Son of God? is a 1978 book by Morton Smith arguing that the historical Jesus was a magician who sprang from a Galilean strain of Semitic paganism (p. 68).
 Rusty String Quartet is a collection of poetry by Raegan Butcher published by the CrimethInc. Ex-Workers Collective who describe it as urgent quick and brutal.
 The Expanded Psionics Handbook is a sourcebook by Bruce Cordell for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game that contains a multitude of rules and options for integrating psychic powers (a.k.a. psionics) into the D&D game. Along with its 3.0 predecessor the Psionics Handbook the Expanded Psionics Handbook expands and adapts the psionics concept with a new emphasis on balance and playability.
 @earth is a 2011 book made by the London born (and based) photomontage artist Peter Kennard with Lebanese artist Tarek Salhany. It is a photo-essay told through photomontage with seven chapters exposing the current state of the Earth the conditions of life on it and the need to resist injustice.
 Crooked Zebra is a 2004 novel by former University of Texas college basketball coach Bob Weltlich.
 Compliance Week is an information service on corporate governance risk and compliance that features weekly electronic newsletters a monthly print magazine proprietary databases events jobs and a variety of interactive features and forums. Compliance Week hosts an annual conference.
 Fifth Business is a 1970 novel by Canadian playwright critic journalist and professor Robertson Davies. It is the first instalment of the Deptford Trilogy and is a story of the life of the narrator Dunstan Ramsay. It is Davies' best-known novel and has been called his finest.First published by Macmillan of Canada in 1970 Fifth Business was selected 40th on the American Modern Library's reader's list of the 100 best novels of the 20th century.
 The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals is a book by Charles Darwin published in 1872 concerning genetically determined aspects of behaviour. It was published thirteen years after On The Origin of Species and is alongside his 1871 book The Descent of Man Darwin's main consideration of human origins.
 Knowledge Management Research & Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of managing knowledge organisational learning intellectual capital and knowledge economics. It is an official journal of The Operational Research Society.
 Aviation Space and Environmental Medicine (ASEM) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of aviation / aerospace medicine.Aviation Space and Environmental Medicine was founded as the Journal of Aviation Medicine in 1930 by Louis H.
 Fat Pig is an American play by Neil LaBute.
 On the Sidewalk Bleeding is a short story by American author Ed McBain also known as Evan Hunter. The story was first published in Manhunt magazine in 1956. Its protagonist a sixteen-year-old boy named Andy bleeds to death on the sidewalk after being stabbed below the ribs by a member of a rival gang. The story is commonly used as teaching material in high schools and colleges.
 Damia's Children is a 1993 science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey forming part of the Talent series. Damia's Children forms a two-part story with the novel Lyon's Pride.
 Wave: Life and Memories after the Tsunami is a memoir by Sonali Deraniyagala based on the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami. It was first published in 2013 by Alfred A. Knopf. It recounts the story of the author's life before the tsunami struck the coast and how it changed dramatically after the disaster. It is written in the first-person narrative style. The book received several awards and positive reviews from critics.
 A History of Pi (also titled A History of π) is a 1970 non-fiction book by Petr Beckmann that presents a layman's introduction to the concept of the mathematical constant pi (π).
 Up from Dragons: The Evolution of Human Intelligence is a 2002 book on human evolution the human brain and the origins of human cognition by John Skoyles and Dorion Sagan. The book considers how the brain and genes evolved into their present condition over the course of thousands and millions of years. It was published by McGraw Hill.The book argues that the earlier ape brain had evolved “mindmakers” and that the human mind arose when these were “rewired” by symbols.
 NLO (Russian: НЛО shortened from Невероятное Легендарное Очевидное (Incredible Legendary Evident)) is a Russian weekly magazine printed by Kaleydoskop publishing house and featuring paranormal phenomena-related articles. Founded in 1994 the magazine have been repeatedly published as a newspaper. The name alludes to the Russian abbreviation of UFO (НЛО).NLO''s demy is A4 circulation: 200000.
 Three Golden Rivers is an historical young-adult novel by the American writer Olive Price. Set in 1850 it tells the story of four orphaned siblings who must leave the family farm after their father is killed and head to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania to find work. The children land in a multi-ethnic neighborhood where Stephen befriends a Scottish lad named Andrew Carnegie.
 The European Security Order Recast: Scenarios for the Post-Cold War Era was a 1990 international relations book by Barry Buzan Morten Kelstrup Pierre Lemaitre Elzbieta Tromer and Ole Waever. The book focused on structural transformations in European security at the end of the Cold War and argues that concerns about traditional military security would decrease and that the issue of societal security would become more important in the future.
 The Bladen Journal is a twice weekly newspaper published in Elizabethtown NC which is located in Bladen County NC. The Journal first began publishing in 1898 as The Clarkton Express. Surviving changes in ownership it was given its current name in 1909. At present the paper is published each Tuesday and Friday.
 The Moor is the fourth book in Mary Russell series by Laurie R. King. Mary Russell and Sherlock Holmes investigate strange goings-on on Dartmoor. Reprising the setting and some of the plotlines of The Hound of the Baskervilles Holmes and Russell come to the aid of the Reverend Sabine Baring-Gould.
 Eye in the Sky is a science fiction novel written by Philip K. Dick and originally published in 1957.The title refers to the gigantic all-seeing eye of God; at least that is as a manifestation of one Arthur Silvester's personal worldview. He is an elderly schismatic Bábí World War II army veteran whose inner life is initially forcibly imposed on several other characters as the result of the involuntary formation of a gestalt consciousness after a nuclear accident.
 Constantine is an ongoing comic book series published by DC Comics which started in March 2013. It follows the story of a British magician John Constantine and replaces the former Vertigo Comics title Hellblazer which ended with its 300th issue after 25 years in February 2013. The title character was originally created by Alan Moore in his 1980s run on Swamp Thing.
 Torments of the Traitor / The Fate of the Fallen is the first novel in Ian Irvine's The Song of the Tears trilogy. Torments of the Traitor was released as The Fate of the Fallen in the UK.
 Hand Therapy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Physical medicine and rehabilitation. The journal's Editor-in-Chief is Christina Jerosch-Herold (University of East Anglia Norwich). It has been in publication since 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the British Association of Hand Therapists and the European Federation of Societies for Hand Therapy.
 Sızıntı is a monthly Islamic magazine published since 1979 in Turkey. Its English-language version is known as Fountain. The magazine was started by and is operated by members of the Gülen movement made up of the followers of the Turkish preacher and Islamic opinion leader Fethullah Gülen and claims to bring together Islam and science by stressing the parallels between modern scientific discoveries and literal verses from the Quran.
 Princess Comet (コメットさん Kometto-san) is a Japanese TV Drama and manga series created and illustrated by Mitsuteru Yokoyama the creator of Tetsujin 28-go and Giant Robo. The TV drama tells the story of Comet one of the princesses of the Triangle Nebula who came to Earth in search for the missing prince. The Manga is first serialized in Shueisha's monthly Margaret magazine from July to November 1967 marking as one of Japan's first Magical Girl series produced.
 A Gift Of Dragons is a 2002 collection of short fiction by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. All four stories are set on the fictional planet Pern; the book is one of two collections in the science fiction series Dragonriders of Pern by Anne and her son Todd McCaffrey.
 The African Newsletter on Occupational Health and Safety has been published since 1991 by the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health and is financially supported by the World Health Organization and the International Labour Organization.
 Madah-Sartre is a seven act play by Alek Baylee Toumi about a fictional abduction by Islamists of Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir in Algeria in 1993 and attempts by these Islamists to convert their captives to Islam.
 Carnivorous Plants of Australia is a three-volume work on carnivorous plants by Allen Lowrie. The three tomes were published in 1987 1989 and 1998 by University of Western Australia Press.
 Bidoun is a quarterly print magazine published in New York and subtitled art and culture from the Middle East. The magazine was founded in 2004 by Editor-in-Chief Lisa Farjam. Bidoun also encompasses Bidoun Projects a non-profit organization dedicated to curatorial and educational projects around the world.Bidoun was a finalist for the 2009 National Magazine Award for General Excellence (circulation category less than 100k).
 Sliding Scales (2004) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the ninth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.
 Seikimatsu no Angel (世紀末のエンジェル Seikimatsu no Enjeru) is a shōjo manga series created by Erika Kurahashi. The title can be translated in English as End of the Century Angel.
 The Riots is a play created by Gillian Slovo from spoken evidence which explains and evaluates the events that took place during the 2011 England riots. The play is written in the style of verbatim theatre using interviews from politicians police rioters and victims involved in the riots. The Riots first opened at the Tricycle Theatre in Kilburn on 22 November 2011 after previewing from 17 November 2011.
 Magic for Beginners is a collection of nine works of fantasy and light horror short fiction by Kelly Link. The stories were all previously published in other venues from 2002 to 2005.The book won the 2006 Locus Award for best short story collection. The title story Magic for Beginners won the 2006 Nebula Award and 2006 Locus Award for best novella and the 2006 British SF Award for best short fiction.
 Bashira was a popular Arabic-language newspaper published in Fallujah Iraq. It was discontinued during the summer of 2006. The newspaper was replaced by a new newspaper called Al Anbaa. The name Bashira translates into English as Good News.
 The Coronation (Russian: Коронация или Последний из романов Coronation or the Last of the Romanovs) is a historical detective novel by Boris Akunin published originally in 2000. It is subtitled великосветский детектив (high-society detective). This novel was published in English in February 2009.The scene of this seventh novel in the Erast Fandorin series is set in 1896 Moscow at the time of the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II (between 6 May and 20 May O.S.).
 Meltdown is a book on the global financial crisis of 2007–2008 by historian Thomas Woods with a foreword by Rep. Ron Paul. The book was published on February 9 2009 by Regnery Publishing.
 Paul of Dune is a 2008 science fiction novel written by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. Released on September 16 2008 it is the first book in the Heroes of Dune interquel tetralogy and chronicles events between Frank Herbert's Dune (1965) and Dune Messiah (1969) as well as between Dune and its 2001 Brian Herbert/Kevin J.
 The Journal of Early Childhood Literacy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of child literacy including the history development and teaching of literacy. The journal's editors-in-chief are Jackie Marsh (University of Sheffield) Guy Merchant (Sheffield Hallam University) Julia Gillen (University of Lancaster) Pauline Harris (University of South Australia) and Deborah Wells Rowe (Vanderbilt University).
 Shadows on the Rock is a novel by the American writer Willa Cather published in 1931. The novel covers one year of the lives of Cecile Auclair and her father Euclide French colonists in Quebec. Like many of Cather's books the story is driven by detailed portraits of the characters rather than a narrative plot.
 A Secret Atlas is the first book in the Age of Discovery series of fantasy novels by Michael Stackpole. It was published by Bantam Books in 2005.
 On the Shoulders of Giants is a compilation of scientific texts edited and with commentary by the British theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking. The book was published by Running Press in 2002. The book includes texts written by Isaac Newton Albert Einstein Galileo Galilei Johannes Kepler and Nicolaus Copernicus.
 Warday is a novel by Whitley Strieber and James Kunetka first published in 1984. It is an account of the authors traveling across America five years after a limited nuclear attack in order to assess how the nation had changed after the war. The novel takes the form of a research article and is written in first-person narrative form. It includes mock government documents and interviews with individuals regarding the events and aftermath of the war.
 The H-Bomb Girl is a science fiction novel by Stephen Baxter.
 Adventures in Two Worlds is the 1952 autobiography of Dr. A. J. Cronin in which he relates with much humour the exciting events of his dual career as a medical doctor and a novelist.
 A Floating City (French: Une vil le flottante) is an adventure novel by French writer Jules Verne first published in 1871. It tells of a woman who on board the ship Great Eastern with her abusive husband finds that the man she loves is also on board.
 Broken Angels is a military science fiction novel by Richard Morgan. It is the sequel to Altered Carbon and is followed by Woken Furies.
 Ziarul de Garda is a regional publication in Republic of Moldova. This newspaper is a newspaper in the Romanian language appeared in 2004 and is printed electronically and as print publication.
 The South London Press (SLP) is a bi-weekly tabloid newspaper based in Streatham South London covering local news within the London Borough of Lambeth London Borough of Southwark London Borough of Lewisham and the London Borough of Wandsworth. First published in 1865 the newspaper is published every Tuesday and Friday at the retail price of 50p. Many of its reporters have gone on to make careers in Fleet Street and it is still considered a training ground for the nationals.
 Jewish World Review is a free online magazine updated Monday through Friday (except for legal holidays and holy days) which seeks to appeal to people of faith and those interested in learning more about contemporary Judaism from Jews who take their religion seriously. It carries informational articles related to Judaism dozens of syndicated columns written mostly by politically conservative writers both Jewish and Gentile advice columns on a number of issues and cartoons.The founder and editor-in-chief Binyamin L. 
 The Knickerbocker or New-York Monthly Magazine was a literary magazine of New York City founded by Charles Fenno Hoffman in 1833 and published until 1865. Its long-term editor and publisher was Lewis Gaylord Clark whose Editor's Table column was a staple of the magazine.The circle of writers who contributed to the magazine and populated its cultural milieu are often known as the Knickerbocker writers or the Knickerbocker Group.
 Doña Bárbara is a novel by Venezuelan author Rómulo Gallegos first published in 1929. It was described in 1974 as possibly the most widely known Latin American novel.This regionalist novel deals with the confrontation between civilization and the barbaric aspects of the rural environment and its inhabitants. It is written in the third person and mixes vernacular language and regionalisms with literary narrative making the main conflict more obvious and at the same time more tangible.
 The Nine Billion Names of God (1967) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Arthur C. Clarke.
 The Fairy Caravan (OCLC 54274386) is a book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It was first published in 1929.
 The Knightfall Trilogy was to be a trilogy of novels set in the Star Wars galaxy and a part of The New Jedi Order series. The trilogy was to be written by Michael Jan Friedman but was canceled after he had finished the first book Jedi Storm.
 La Place Royale ou l'amoureux extravagant (English: La Place royale or the extravagant lover) is a five-act comedy written by Pierre Corneille in 1634. It tells the story of Alidor who wants to break off his engagement with Angélique by giving her over to his best friend Cléandre. In this play Corneille addresses questions of love and liberty.
 Return of the Bunny Suicides (2004) is the second bestselling book of black comedy cartoons by Andy Riley that depict the various ways bunnies attempt to kill themselves.
 Language and Linguistics Compass is an online peer-reviewed linguistics journal established by Blackwell Publishers (now Wiley-Blackwell) in 2006. One of eight Compass journals Language and Linguistics Compass publishes state-of-the-art reviews review articles aimed at an international readership. The target audience includes academic researchers postgraduates students and advanced undergraduates.
 The Improvisatore (Danish: Improvisatoren) is an autobiographical novel by Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875). First published in 1835 it was an immediate success and is considered to be Andersen's breakthrough. The story reflecting Andersen's own travels in Italy in 1833 reveals much about his own life and aspirations as experienced by Antonio the novel's principal character.
 The Nine Billion Names of God is a 1953 science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke. The story was among the stories selected in 1970 by the Science Fiction Writers of America as one of the best science fiction short stories published before the creation of the Nebula Awards. It was published in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume One 1929–1964. In 2004 it won the retrospective Hugo Award for Best Short Story for the year 1954.
 Theme is a quarterly lifestyle magazine that focuses on contemporary creative culture. In collaboration with a guest curator the publishers collect stories based on a theme which allows them to provide a coherent lens onto a topic. Initially covering contemporary Asian culture around the world they opened their content to expanded topics in 2009. Started by the husband and wife team Jiae Kim and John H. Lee in 2005 it was initially published four times a year.
 Young Liars is a comic book series created by David Lapham. It was published by DC Comics as a part of that company's Vertigo imprint. The first issue was released in March 2008.The book centers around a group of 20-somethings in modern day New York City though the story quickly expands to other parts of America and the world. All of them have disturbing secrets about themselves that they keep from the others and even the readers are left to decide what is true and what are lies.
 Population & Environment is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the bi-directional links between population natural resources and the natural environment. The editor-in-chief is Lori M. Hunter (University of Colorado at Boulder).
 Tsar Boris (Russian: Царь Борис) is a 1870 drama by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy written in 1868-1869 and first published in 1870 in the #3 March issue of the Vestnik Evropy magazine. It became the third and the final part of Tolstoy’s acclaimed historical drama trilogy which was begun by The Death of Ivan the Terrible (1864) and Tsar Fyodor Ioannovich (1868) plays.
 Rabbit Marcus the Great published by Nieko Rimto in 2008 and Fondo de Cultura Económica in 2010 is the sixth book written and illustrated by Kestutis Kasparavicius. The book tells the story of a rabbit who is bored with the usual rabbit diet of carrots and greens and starts to eat sweets and sugary desserts instead. He gets so fat that he cannot leave his house without causing an earthquake.
 The Holy Thief is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in 1144–1145. It is the 19th and penultimate volume of the Cadfael Chronicles first published in 1992 (1992 in literature).It was adapted for television in 1998 by Carlton Media for ITV.Heavy rains flood the river which in turn floods the Abbey threatening the precious reliquary of Saint Winifred. When the waters recede the saint is gone beginning a long search with tangled motives including a murder that challenges the monks.
 William — The Dictator is the 20th book of children's short stories in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton.This book contains 10 stories. It was first published in 1938 and the first published versions are now collectors items and pretty rare.This title and the stories contained within this book reflect a general theme of fascism.
 Theodore P. Savas is an attorney adjunct college instructor award-winning author publishing consultant and partner and managing director of Savas Beatie LLC. He specializes in military history in general and the American Civil War and American Revolutionary War in particular.
 If Death Ever Slept is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1957 and collected in the omnibus volume Three Trumps (Viking 1973).
 Cher Antoine ou l'Amour raté is a play by French dramatist Jean Anouilh.
 Physics of the Future: How Science Will Shape Human Destiny and Our Daily Lives by the Year 2100 is a 2011 book by theoretical physicist Michio Kaku author of Hyperspace and Physics of the Impossible. It speculates on the possibilities of future technological development over the next 100 years.
 Chitra Chinta (Assamese: চিত্ৰ চিন্তা) is an annual cine journal published by Gauhati Cine Club. The journal is the brainchild of Dr Bhabendranath Saikia noted Assamese filmmaker who started publishing it in the early part of the last century. Now it has been a full-fledged journal with contributions from all the stalwarts of Assamese literature and film critics. The journal has also won the prestigious Prag Cine Award.
 The Ram Page is the weekly student paper at Angelo State University. It was founded in 1936 eight years after the founding of the university. Its newsroom is located on the third floor of the university library.Alumni from the Ram Page have gone on to write for the Austin American-Statesman The Dallas Morning News the Associated Press E. W.
 Vive Le Rock is an independent music magazine published in the United Kingdom which covers punk new wave glam and garage through to mod and primal rock 'n' roll and even the darker side of alternative rock.
 No Exit is a novel written by Areeba Nasir and published by Pigeon Books. It is set in Kashmir and deals with the arduous and excruciating life of Kashmiris and their shattered dreams.Story of a young boy Ruslaan Bhat is divided into three parts. First one brings into focus the human rights violation in the valley. Second part points out the fact that the difficulties are not restricted to the place within the mountains only but the discrimination follows outside as well.
 The Baby in the Manger is a children's book written by Lemony Snicket and illustrated by Lisa Brown.
 Adult Education Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that has published papers in the field of education since 1950. As of 2012 the journal's editors were Amy D. Rose (Northern Illinois University) Lisa M. Baumgartner (Northern Illinois University) Ann Brookes (Texas State University) and Jovita M. Ross-Gordon (Texas State University) and the publisher was SAGE Publications in association with American Association of Adult and Continuing Education.
 Come Rack! Come Rope! is a historical novel by the English priest and writer Robert Hugh Benson (1871–1914) a convert to Catholicism from Anglicanism. It was first published by Burns & Oates and Hutchinson in 1912 in the United Kingdom. An American edition was published the same year by Kenedy and Dodd Mead and Company.
 Autism is a major peer-reviewed international journal published eight times a year covering research on autism and autism-related disorders. The editor-in-chief is David M. Mandell (University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine). The journal was established in 1997 and is published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Autistic Society.
 Second Chance is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collections Capitol and The Worthing Saga. Card first published it in the anthology Destinies (January–February 1979).
 The Complete Compleat Enchanter is an omnibus collection of five classic fantasy stories by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt gathering material previously published in three volumes as The Incomplete Enchanter (1941) The Castle of Iron (1950) and Wall of Serpents (1960) and represents an expansion of the earlier omnibus The Compleat Enchanter which contained only the material in the first two volumes.
 Looking for X is a children's novel written for ages 9-12 by Deborah Ellis. This novel is about an eleven-year-old girl named Khyber that lives in a poorer area Regent Park in Toronto Ontario. She lives there with her mother and her twin brothers who are both autistic. One day Khyber shows up at school and is accused of breaking the windows of her teacher's classroom.
 Drizzt Do'Urden's Guide to the Underdark is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1999.
 Undead and Unappreciated is the third novel in the Undead series by MaryJanice Davidson. The breezily written paranormal romance novel is told from the point of view of Betsy Taylor reluctant Vampire Queen and not-so-reluctant shoe-hound and introduces a major character to the series: Laura Betsy's half-sister and the daughter of the Devil herself.
 Southall is a Punjabi novel by Harjeet Atwal. It's about the new generation of Indians born in England.
 Dead Ernest is a novel that was published in 1944 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Alice Tilton. It is the seventh of the eight Leonidas Witherall mysteries.
 The Mind Benders was written by Cyril Vosper a scientologist of 14 years who had become disillusioned Published in 1971 (hardback Neville Spearman ISBN 0-85435-061-6) and reprinted in 1973 (softcover Mayflower ISBN 0-583-12249-3) it was the first book on Scientology to be written by an ex-member and the first critical book on Scientology to be published (narrowly beating Inside Scientology by Robert Kaufman).[citation needed] It describes the lower levels of Scientology and its philosophy in detail (it does not go into the Operating Thetan levels) and also includes the story of Vosper's expulsion from the Church.The book was released as an electronic edition on the internet with the approval of Vosper by the old Cult Awareness Network in April 1996 and then again in August 1997.[citation needed]
 The Public Historian is the official publication of the National Council on Public History. It is a quarterly journal published by University of California Press in Berkeley California.
 The Magic Mountain (German: Der Zauberberg) is a novel by Thomas Mann first published in November 1924. It is widely considered to be one of the most influential works of 20th century German literature.Mann started writing what was to become The Magic Mountain in 1912. It began as a much shorter narrative which revisited in a comic manner aspects of Death in Venice a novella that he was then preparing for publication.
 Maboroshi Panty (まぼろしパンティ maboroshi panti) is a Japanese manga created by Hiroshi Koenji and Go Nagai. The manga was originally serialized in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Jump by Shueisha. It is a parody of Maboroshi Tantei just like Kekko Kamen is a parody of Gekko Kamen. And as a Kekko Kamen the main heroine is almost nude (mostly topless) using a panty as a mask. Her secret identity is the student Susumi Fuji.
 Health Technology Assessment is a weekly peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by the National Institute for Health Research part of the United Kingdom National Health Service. The journal was established in 1997 and the editor-in-chief is Tom Walley (National Institute for Health Research). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 4.255.
 Postmodern Culture is an electronic academic journal established in 1990. It is the result of an early experiment in electronic content delivery via the Internet. The journal publishes commentary and criticism on a wide range of concerns including literary theory politics and contemporary society. Occasionally the journal will feature special issues centered on a specific theme within the arena of postmodernism.
 The Sum of All Men is the first novel in David Farland's epic fantasy series The Runelords. First published in 1998 the novel has been printed under a number of names including The Sum of All Men The Runelords and The Runelords: The Sum of All Men.
 Darwin: The Life of a Tormented Evolutionist is a biography of Charles Darwin by Adrian Desmond and James Moore. It is considered one of three scholarly biographies of Darwin along with Charles Darwin: The Man and His Influence (1996) by Peter J. Bowler and Janet Browne's two volume biography Charles Darwin: Voyaging (1995) and Charles Darwin: The Power of Place (2002).
 Station at the Horizon (German: Station am Horizont) is a novel by Erich Maria Remarque a German veteran of World War I. The book describes the search of love of an ex-soldier and an ex-race car driver Kai who is torn between Barbara a girl from the village Maud an American middle-class woman and Lilian Dunquerke a countess.The novel was first published in 1927/28 in a German sports magazine Sport im Bild. However it was not published as a book until 1998.
 Shop Talk: A Writer and His Colleagues and Their Work is a collection of previously published interviews with important 20th century writers by novelist Philip Roth. Among the writers interviewed are Primo Levi Aharon Appelfeld Ivan Klima Isaac Bashevis Singer Milan Kundera and Edna O'Brien. In addition the book contains a discussion with Mary McCarthy about Roth's novel The Counterlife and a New Yorker essay on Saul Bellow.
 Novye Izvestia (Russian: Новые Известия) is a daily newspaper published in Moscow Russia.
 The Detroit Free Press is the largest daily newspaper in Detroit Michigan USA. The Sunday edition is entitled the Sunday Free Press. It is sometimes informally referred to as the Freep (reflected in the paper's web address www.freep.com). It primarily serves Wayne Oakland Macomb Livingston Washtenaw and Monroe counties.The Free Press is also the largest city newspaper owned by Gannett which also publishes national newspaper USA Today.
 Jerusalem is a novel by the Swedish writer Selma Lagerlöf published in two parts in 1901 and 1902. The narrative spans several generations in the 19th century and focuses on several families in Dalarna Sweden and a community of Swedish emigrants in Jerusalem.It was partially inspired by Lagerlöf's visit to Horatio and Anna Spafford at the American Colony Jerusalem.
 JAMA: The Journal of the American Medical Association is a weekly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Medical Association. The journal was established in 1883 with Nathan Smith Davis as the founding editor although the acronym JAMA was not added until 1960.[citation needed] The journal's current editor-in-chief is Howard C. Bauchner of Boston University who succeeded Catherine D. DeAngelis on July 1 2011. The journal has English French and Spanish language editions.
 Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific is a monthly scientific journal which publishes astronomy research and review papers instrumentation papers and dissertation summaries.It is managed by the Astronomical Society of the Pacific and published by the University of Chicago Press.
 Damini Bhir (also spelled Damini Bheer or दमिनी भीर) is a Nepali novel by Rajan Mukarung which won the Madan Puraskar for 2012. The novel depicts the circumstances psychology and practices of Nepali society during transitional phase.
 Le Courrier français was an illustrated weekly founded and edited by Jules Roques. It appeared from 1884 to 1913.
 The Intangibles of Leadership: The 10 Qualities of Superior Executive Performance is a book on business leadership written by management psychologist Richard A. Davis Ph.D. The book was published on July 26 2010 by Jossey-Bass.
 The 13th Reality is a children's fantasy book series by James Dashner. The first book in the series (The Journal of Curious Letters) was published in early 2008 by Shadow Mountain Publishing. The second book was released on May 1 2009 and was titled The Hunt for Dark Infinity and book three was released April 6 2010. It was titled The Blade of Shattered Hope.
 Lokal express is a newspaper published in Luxembourg.
 States and Social Revolutions: A Comparative Analysis of France Russia and China is a 1979 book by political scientist and sociologist Theda Skocpol published by Cambridge University Press and explaining the causes of revolutions through the structural functionalism sociological paradigm comparative historical analysis of the French Revolution of 1789 through the early 19th century French Revolution the Russian Revolution of 1917 through the 1930s Russian Revolution and the Chinese Revolution of 1911 through the 1960s Cultural Revolution. 
 The Small Rain is a semi-autobiographical novel by Madeleine L'Engle about the many difficulties in the life of talented pianist Katherine Forrester between the ages of 10 and 19. Published in 1945 by the Vanguard Press it was the first of L'Engle's long list of books and was reprinted in 1984. L'Engle began work on it in college and completed it while an actress in New York.
 Escape from Hell is a fantasy novel written by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle. It is a sequel to Inferno the 1976 Hugo Award- and Nebula Award-nominated book by the same authors. It was released on February 17 2009.The novel continues the story of deceased science fiction writer Allen Carpenter (who spelled his name Carpentier on his novels) in his quest to help other damned souls in Hell. Like the first book “Escape from Hell” extensively references Dante's Inferno.
 Possible Side Effects is a 2006 memoir by American writer Augusten Burroughs. The book contains stories from the life of Augusten Burroughs ranging from his childhood to the near-present.
 Krasnaya Zvezda (Russian: Кра́сная звезда́ literally Red Star) is an official newspaper of Soviet and later Russian Ministry of Defence. It was founded on January 1 1924. Today its official designation is Central Organ of the Russian Ministry of Defence.
 The Burning World is a 1964 science fiction novel by British author J. G. Ballard. An expanded version retitled The Drought was first published in 1965 by Jonathan Cape.
 Departures is a collection of alternate history stories by Harry Turtledove first published in paperback by Del Rey Books in June 1993 and reprinted in 1998.The book contains twenty short short stories and novelettes by the author some originally published under his early pseudonym Eric G. Iverson together with an introductory author's note.
 Queen & Country is an American comic book published by Oni Press and written by Greg Rucka with various artists illustrating. It was inspired by the British ITV television series The Sandbaggers (1978–1980) which was created and primarily written by Ian Mackintosh. Mackintosh is heavily praised in an essay by Rucka in Issue #1 of Queen & Country.
 The Santa Barbara Independent is a news arts and entertainment newspaper published every Thursday in Santa Barbara California.
 Australian at heart international in mindset RUSSH is a bi-monthly independent Australian fashion magazine established in September 2004. Showcasing innovators in fashion art music and film through originally produced editorial and photography RUSSH reflects an intelligent approach to fashion and beauty. RUSSH is aspirational yet accessible incorporating elements of luxury and the street to create its own unique and eclectic character.
 The Huntsville Item is a seven-day morning daily newspaper published in Huntsville Texas covering Walker County in East Texas. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.Founded in 1850 The Item reportedly is the second oldest continuously published newspaper in Texas. It has been headquartered across from the old Huntsville post office on the banks of Town Creek since the late 1960s.The Woodall family sold the paper to Harte Hanks in the 1960s.
 The Island Packet is a daily morning broadsheet newspaper owned by The McClatchy Company serving primarily the residents of southern Beaufort County South Carolina United States particularly the towns of Hilton Head Island and Bluffton. Its average circulation is 19223 on weekdays and 20168 on Sundays.
 Biochimica et Biophysica Acta (BBA) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of biochemistry and biophysics that was established in 1947. The journal is published by Elsevier with a total of 100 annual issues in nine specialised sections.
 For a list of ships of the Royal Navy see List of Royal Navy ships.The Sail and Steam Navy List: All the Ships of the Royal Navy 1815–1889 by Rif Winfield and David Lyon is a historical reference work providing details of all recorded ships in commission or intended to serve in the Royal Navy from 1815 to 1889.
 Prensa Libre is a Guatemalan newspaper published in Guatemala City by Prensa Libre S.A. and distributed nationwide. It was formerly the most widely circulated newspaper in the country and as of 2007 it has the second-widest circulation. It is considered a local newspaper of record. It was founded in 1951.
 Fire on the Mountain is a 1988 novel by the American author Terry Bisson. It is an alternate history describing the world as it would have been had John Brown succeeded in his raid on Harper's Ferry and touched off a slave rebellion in 1859 as he intended.
 Mrs. Medwin is a short story by Henry James first published in Punch in 1900. The story slyly satirizes fashionable society in fin-de-siècle England. The central characters are an American brother and sister who both entertain and live off this society which has grown bland and bored and almost exhausted.
 STUDIO Architecture and Urbanism magazine is a publication on architecture and urbanism founded by the architect Romolo Calabrese in 2011.The publication has a monographic character and it is published every four months each issue talks about specific themes.STUDIO offers an international discussion on architecture and the contemporary city.Each issue gathers up articles interviews photographic collections illustrations and more to offer a multidisciplinary vision of the debated theme.The contributions are selected by the publication of a call for papers open to everyone and by direct invites.The publication is spread in Italy and abroad.In the past issues there were different contributors like the architects Alberto Campo Baeza Vittorio Gregotti Ma Yansong it:Franco Purini the architecture office Bjarke Ingels Group artists like Sara Fanelli it:Giacomo Costa (artista) fr: Clet Abraham Jon Measures photographers like it:Luca Girardini e it:Marco Introini.STUDIO participated to different events among which The week of the City the Archizines World Tour the event Pagine Autoprodotte promoted by the Foundation of the Professional Association of Architects of Milan.The publication is exhibited in several cities in the world among which London Barcelona New York Osaka Santiago de Chile Melbourne Sydney Los Angeles Buenos Aires Venice in conjunction with the 55th Biennale di Venezia.
 Hikkatsu! Strike a Blow to Vivify (ヒッカツ!) is a Japanese shōnen science fiction comedy manga by Yu Yagami (矢上 裕) the author of Those Who Hunt Elves. It was published in Japan by MediaWorks in the monthly manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao! from May 27 2005 to May 27 2006 and collected in three bound volumes. It is licensed in North America by Go! Comi with all three volumes released.
 Lobby Hero is a play by Kenneth Lonergan.
 POPJNEO is an American publication that provides the latest and up to date cultural and pop cultural information about Japan written by Japanese editorial team. It is published by ONEANN inc. with the first issue being released on July 31 2007.The promotional magazine POPJNEO has been remodeled into a nation-wide informative magazine about Japan distributed through major bookstore network in the US.
 Hollywood Causes Cancer: The Tom Green Story is the autobiography of Tom Green co-written with Allen Rucker. Published in 2004 it recounts Green's upbringing and acting career.
 Ivanov (Russian: Иванов: драма в четырёх действиях (Ivanov: drama in four acts)) is a four-act drama by the Russian playwright Anton Chekhov. Ivanov was first performed in 1887 when Fiodor Korsh owner of the Korsh Theatre in Moscow commissioned Chekhov to write a comedy. Chekhov however responded with a four-act drama which he wrote in ten days. Despite the success of its first performance the production disgusted Chekhov himself.
 Heir to the Empire is the first book in a trilogy of novels known as The Thrawn Trilogy all written by Timothy Zahn.
 To Sir With Love is a 1959 autobiographical novel by E. R. Braithwaite set in the East End of London. The novel is based on true events concerned with Braithwaite taking up a teaching post in a school there.In 1967 the novel was made into a film of the same name starring Sidney Poitier and Lulu and the film's title song became a number-1 hit that year.
 Octopus is a 2012 non-fiction book by Canadian author and journalist Guy Lawson. The book was published by Crown Publishing on July 10 2012.
 The Sniper is a 1974 thriller novel by Nelson DeMille. It was DeMille's first published novel. Like the other books in the Joe Ryker series it was re-published in 1989 with the author as Jack Cannon. It is about a tough New York City Police Department Sergeant named Joe Ryker and his pursuit of a murdering sniper named Homer Cyrus who fought in the Vietnam war before coming to New York City and becoming a murderer.
 The Story of Edgar Sawtelle is the first novel by American author David Wroblewski. It became a New York Times Best Seller on June 29 2008 and Oprah Winfrey chose it for her book club on September 19 2008. Winfrey also included the book as one of the few tangible gifts in her recession-themed thrifty Oprah's Favorite Things that year.The novel is a retelling of Shakespeare's Hamlet in rural Wisconsin.
 Chungara Revista de Antropología Chilena (English: The Journal of Chilean Anthropology) is a peer-reviewed academic journal on anthropology and archaeology with particular but not exclusive focus on the Andean region. The journal is published by the Universidad de Tarapacá and the editors-in-chief are Calogero M. Santoro and Vivien G. Standen (Universidad de Tarapacá).
 Monthly Dragon Age (Japanese: 月刊ドラゴンエイジ Hepburn: Gekkan Doragon Eiji) is a Japanese manga magazine published by Fujimi Shobo. The magazine began as a combination between Monthly Comic Dragon and Monthly Dragon Junior two former magazines published by Fujimi Shobo. The first issue was published in April 2003 and the magazine is sold on the ninth of each month. The magazine carries the title New Age Standard Comic.
 A Wind in the Door is a young adult science fantasy novel by Madeleine L'Engle. It is a companion book to A Wrinkle in Time and part of the Time Quartet (and by extension the Time Quintet).
 After This is a 2006 novel by award-winning American author Alice McDermott. The novel follows a working-class American family who reside on Long Island New York and their four children who are enduring their own experiences during the times of the sexual revolution. It is set during the mid-20th century a time after the end of World War II through to the presidency of Richard Nixon.The book received many positive reviews from critics often commenting on the writing styles of McDermott.
 Astonishing Tales is an American anthology comic book series published by Marvel Comics originally from 1970-1976. Its sister publication was Amazing Adventures vol. 2In 2008 and 2009 Marvel produced 11 webcomics starring different characters under the umbrella title Astonishing Tales. Several stories were reprinted in the six-issue miniseries Astonishing Tales vol. 2 (April-Sept. 2009).
 Biochemical Systematics and Ecology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering chemotaxonomy and ecology. Tony Swain one of the first editors of Phytochemistry started the sister journal Biochemical Systematics in 1973 which was renamed Biochemical Systematics and Ecology in the next year.
 Wings was a military aviation history magazine published in the United States between 1971 and 2007. The magazine featured articles and photo features covering military aviation from World War I to the modern era focusing heavily on American aircraft.First published in 1971 as a bi-monthly schedule alternating monthly with its sister magazine Airpower. Until the late 1990s it was published by Sentry Books Inc. before being sold to Republic Press.
 The Deseret News (/dɛz.əˈrɛt./) is a newspaper published in Salt Lake City Utah United States. It is Utah's oldest continuously published daily newspaper and has the second largest daily circulation in the state behind The Salt Lake Tribune but the largest Sunday circulation.
 Lui (French for Him) is a French adult entertainment magazine created in November 1963 by Daniel Filipacchi a fashion photographer turned publisher Jacques Lanzmann a jack of all trades turned novelist and Frank Ténot a press agent pataphysician and jazz critic.The objective was to bring some charm à la française to the market of men's magazines following the success of Playboy in the USA launched just a decade before.France indeed in the first half of 20th century had an outstanding reputation for erotic publications feeding also foreign market and inspiring also ersatz French-flavoured magazines abroad when for example US publishers used French-sounding titles like Chère and Dreamé or placed tricolour flags on the covers attempting to attract the casual buyer. 
 Nothing Sacred is a play by Canadian playwright George F. Walker written as a stage adaptation of Ivan Turgenev's novel Fathers and Sons.The play received its first production at Toronto Ontario's CentreStage in the 1987-88 season under the direction of Bill Glassco.
 Law & Justice (also known as The Christian Law Review) is a biannual peer-reviewed academic legal periodical published by The Edmund Plowden Trust. The primary focus of the journal is a Christian perspective of the law with a particular emphasis on religious freedom canon law ethics and morality.The current editor is John Duddington former head of the Law School at Worcester College of Technology.
 Stay Hungry Stay Foolish is a book by writer entrepreneur and a youth expert Rashmi Bansal. It features the stories of 25 MBAs from IIM Ahmedabad who left lucrative jobs to follow the rough road of entrepreneurship. It is an IIM Ahmedabad CIIE (Centre for Innovation Incubation and Entrepreneurship) publication.
 The Haunter of the Dark is a horror short story written by H. P. Lovecraft in November 1935 and published in the December 1936 edition of Weird Tales (Vol. 28 No. 5 p. 538–53). It is part of the Cthulhu Mythos and it is a sequel to The Shambler from the Stars by Robert Bloch. Bloch later wrote a third story in the sequence The Shadow from the Steeple in 1950. The epigraph to the story is the second stanza of Lovecraft's 1917 poem Nemesis.
 New Man was a prominent American Christian lifestyle men's magazine founded in 1994 and becoming an online publication in 2008. Its stated purpose is Helping men to develop Christ-centered perspectives that will transform their lives their families and their worlds.. For the first three years of its existence it was the official magazine of the Promise Keepers movement.
 Cornell Hospitality Quarterly is a peer-reviewed (double-blind) journal that publishes research in all business disciplines that contribute to rich theoretical insight and management practice in the hospitality and tourism industries.
 The Punisher (also known as The Punisher: Welcome Back Frank) is a twelve-issue comic book limited series written by Garth Ennis with art by Steve Dillon and published under the Marvel Knights imprint of Marvel Comics. The series features the vigilante anti-hero the Punisher and ran from April 2000 to March 2001.
 Hideout is a novel by Gordon Korman. It serves as the fifth novel in the Swindle series with Griffin Bing and his friends Savannah Ben Antonia Pitch Logan and Melissa.
 Further Chronicles of Avonlea is a collection of short stories by L. M. Montgomery and is a sequel to Chronicles of Avonlea. Published in 1920 it includes a number of stories relating to the inhabitants of the fictional Canadian village of Avonlea and its region located on Prince Edward Island.
 The Daily Territorial is a daily (Monday-Friday) newspaper in Tucson Arizona covering local legal business news. Pima County's legal paper of record it lists legal notices filed within the county as well as some business news.
 The Manchurian Candidate (1959) by Richard Condon is a political thriller novel about the son of a prominent US political family who is brainwashed into being an unwitting assassin for a Communist conspiracy.The novel has been adapted twice into a feature film by the same title in 1962 and again in 2004.
 Aye and Gomorrah... is a famous science fiction short story by Samuel R. Delany. It is Delany's first sold short story and won the 1967 Nebula Award for best short story. Before it appeared in Driftglass and Aye and Gomorrah and other stories it was first published as the closing tale in Harlan Ellison's seminal 1967 anthology Dangerous Visions. It was controversial[citation needed] because of its disturbing sexual subject matter.
 Corriere Canadese (The Canadian Courier) is an Italian-language daily newspaper published in Toronto Ontario Canada. The publication is distributed exclusively in Ontario and Quebec primarily throughout the Greater Toronto and the Greater Montreal areas.Corriere Canadese was founded on June 2 1954 (Republic Day) by Dan Iannuzzi and since 2001 was owned by Multimedia Nova Corporation and published by Italmedia.
 A Mirror to the Blind is a biography of Dr. Abdul Sattar Edhi a world renowned philanthropist. The book was written by Tehmina Durrani and first published in 1996.
 The Peripheral is an upcoming novel by William Gibson. Gibson has stated that it will be set in multiple futures.On April 19 2013 Gibson appeared at the New York Public Library and read from the first chapter: The Gone Haptics.
 For other uses of this and similar names see Missionary (disambiguation).Misionarul (English: The Missionary) is a newspaper issued by the Metropolis of Bessarabia in Chişinău.
 In the Eye of the Sun: Mexican Fiestas is a book of photographs by Geoff Winningham. The book is a study of the popular fiestas of Mexico showing the inhabitants of several Mexican villages. The fiestas intertwine some of the great pagan festivals with Catholic ritual and tradition. These photographs show family scenes revellers and religious ceremonies.
 Monthly Shōnen Sirius (Japanese: 月刊少年シリウス Hepburn: Gekkan Shōnen Shiriusu) is a Japanese monthly shōnen manga magazine published by Kodansha and first issued in May 2005. It is issued in perfect-bound B5 format and retails for 580 yen. Like all monthly shonen manga magazines Monthly Shonen Sirius is aimed at late teens and people in their early 20s from ages 16 to 21.
 The Hindus: An Alternative History is a book by American Indologist Wendy Doniger which the author describes as an “alternative to the narrative of Hindu history that they tell.” The book was initially published by Viking Penguin in 2009 and later in India by Penguin's Indian subsidiary Penguin IndiaIn February 2014 it was the subject of litigation in India by the group Shiksha Bachao Andolan Samithi (Hindi literally Committee for Struggle to Save Education) alleging violations of a law which punishes deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage the feelings of any religious community. As a result of the lawsuit the book was withdrawn from the Indian market by its Indian publisher prompting widespread concerns about the state of free speech in India.
 The Denver Quarterly (known as The University of Denver Quarterly until 1970) is a well-regarded avant-garde literary journal based at the University of Denver. Founded in 1966 by novelist John Edward Williams.
 The Age of Revolution: Europe: 1789–1848 is a book by Eric Hobsbawm first published in 1962. It is the first in a trilogy of books about the long 19th century (coined by Hobsbawm) followed by The Age of Capital: 1848–1875 and The Age of Empire: 1875–1914.
 The Teenage Workbook or The passing of an April shower is a humour fiction novel by Adrian Tan first published by Hotspot Books in 1989. The book is the sequel to The Teenage Textbook (published in 1988). Both novels focused on the lives of four students studying at the fictitious Paya Lebar Junior College in Singapore.
 The Bellmaker is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1994. It is the seventh book in the Redwall series.
 Secret War is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. The series is written by Brian Michael Bendis and painted by Gabriele Dell'Otto.
 The Whole Shebang: A State-of-the-universe(s) Report is a non-fiction science book written by author Timothy Ferris originally published in 1997. In his book he provides a wide-range report of current research on cosmology the study of the universe and its trends going into the 21st century. He reports on theories about the possibility that our universe is one among many the Big Bang theory Black holes the expanding universe and curved space.
 Miracle in Seville (1995) is a novel by James A. Michener. In addition to his output of large multigenerational novels Michener was also a prolific journalist traveling around the world and reporting on a variety of issues for peer-reviewed journals and sometimes for individual publication as novels as was the case with The Bridge At Andau and Iberia.
 Out of Gas: The End of the Age of Oil is a 2004 book written by David Goodstein. It describes peak oil and the future of civilization.
 Serpent Kingdoms (ISBN 0-7869-3277-5) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Karlology : What I've Learnt So Far is the third book written by Karl Pilkington. It was released on 1 October 2008 in the United Kingdom and published by Dorling Kindersley. Karlology is formatted like a school curriculum with subjects including history English and biology. By posing naive questions to experts and musing on his own educational experiences Pilkington aims to present fascinating facts and myths with humour.
 Skinny Dip is a caper novel by Carl Hiaasen first published in 2004.
 The Fox on the Fairway is a comedy by Ken Ludwig that was first produced in 2010.
 Frost/Nixon is a 2006 British play by screenwriter and dramatist Peter Morgan based on a series of televised interviews that former U.S. President Richard Nixon granted broadcaster David Frost in 1977 about his administration including his role in the Watergate scandal.
 The Journal of Transpersonal Psychology (JTP) is a semi-annual peer-reviewed academic journal which is published by the Association for Transpersonal Psychology. It was launched in 1969. The website of the journal defines transpersonal psychology as follows:As a major orientation in psychology a transpersonal perspective connects contemporary educational scientific and clinical methods with personal social and spiritual understanding.
 Atherosclerosis is a monthly peer reviewed scientific journal which was established in 1970 and is published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. It is the official journal of the European Atherosclerosis Society and this journal is affiliated with both the International Atherosclerosis Society and the Society of Atherosclerosis Imaging and Prevention. The Editor in Chief is S. Humphries (United Kingdom). According to Journal Citation Reports this journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.706.
 SchNEWS is a free weekly publication from Brighton England which has been running since November 1994.
 Giving is Living is a 2009 book by American authors Marnie Howard and Tisha Howard published by Hatherleigh Press and distributed by Random House.
 The Interior Castle or The Mansions (Spanish: El Castillo Interior or Las Moradas) was written by St. Teresa of Ávila O.C.D. the Spanish Discalced Carmelite nun and famed mystic in 1577 as a guide for spiritual development through service and prayer.
 Sprague de Camp's New Anthology of Science Fiction is a 1953 collection of science fiction stories by L. Sprague de Camp and edited by H. J. Campbell first published in both hardcover and paperback by Panther Books.The book contains six short works of fiction by the author the first two of them stories in his Viagens Interplanetarias series uncollected elsewhere.
 Los Restos Indígenas de Pichilemu (English: The Indigenous Remains of Pichilemu) was a 1908 book published by Chilean historiographer José Toribio Medina.Medina presents a report of his examination to indigenous rests found in a Pichilemu grotto (currently named Virgin's Grotto—Spanish: Gruta de la Virgen) by Agustín Ross and Evaristo Merino in 1908. The book contains two sheets that show some tools that Promoucaes indigenous used.
 Veitikka - A. Hitlerin elämä ja teot is a pseudo-historical black humor novel written by Veikko Huovinen. Its opening suggests that it is a product of original research into the personal history of Adolf Hitler undertaken to dispel the myths concerning Hitler and attempting to understand his motivations in beginning the Second World War. However the novel is in fact an elaborate mockery of Hitler using numerous false documents in order to tell an absurd history of the dictator.
 Ripley Under Ground is a psychological thriller by Patricia Highsmith the second novel in her Ripliad series. It was published in June 1970.
 Dragon Crisis! (ドラゴンクライシス! Doragon Kuraishisu!) is a Japanese light novel series by Kaya Kizaki with illustrations by Itsuki Akata. As of April 2011 thirteen volumes have been published by Shueisha under their Super Dash Bunko imprint. An anime adaptation by Studio Deen aired in 2011.
 Rīgas Apriņķa Avīze is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 By George is a 1967 play about George Bernard Shaw based on his writings.
 The Devil in the White City: Murder Magic and Madness at the Fair That Changed America (Crown Publishers ISBN 0-609-60844-4) is a 2003 non-fiction book by Erik Larson presented in a novelistic style. The book is based on real characters and events. Leonardo DiCaprio purchased the film rights in 2010.The book is set in Chicago circa 1893 intertwining the true tales of Daniel H. Burnham the architect behind the 1893 World's Fair and Dr. H. H.
 Farces et moralités (Farces and morality plays) is a collection of six comedy plays in one act written by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau and published by Fasquelle in 1904: Vieux ménages (Old couples) L’Épidémie (The Epidemic Bloomington University of Denver Press 1949) Les Amants (The Lovers) Scrupules (Scruples New York Samuel French 1923) Le Portefeuille (The Purse) and Interview.
 The Journal of Algebra and Its Applications covers both theoretical and applied algebra with a focus on practical applications. It is published by World Scientific.
 Diamond Comics Pvt. Ltd. is the largest comic book distributor and publisher in India.
 Tribune is a democratic socialist weekly founded in 1937 published in London. It is independent but has supported the Labour Party from the left. It has alternated between appearing as a newspaper and as a magazine.
 Daddy's Little Girl is a 2002 novel written by author Mary Higgins Clark. It is Clark's twenty-sixth published novel. The novel revolves around a dark and chilling story of murder and its effects years later on the man convicted of the crime and the woman who helped convict him.
 FILTER is a seasonal American music and off-beat entertainment magazine. It features commentary and photos of up-and-coming musicians and filmmakers ranging from actors to writer-directors. Each season's (Winter Spring Summer Fall and Holiday) issue highlights a reasonably well-known cover artist while also taking a look at smaller artists under the heading Getting to Know.
 Flight without End (German: Die Flucht ohne Ende) is a 1927 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth.
 The Narrows is the 14th novel by American crime author Michael Connelly and the tenth featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus Harry Bosch. As Bosch crosses paths with FBI Agent Rachel Walling the novel ties story elements left unresolved in The Poet and those from Blood Work and A Darkness More Than Night together into the Bosch mythos.
 A Stitch in Time (ISBN 0-671-03885-0) published June 5 2000 is a Star Trek: Deep Space Nine novel written by Andrew Robinson. The novel originated from a biography of Cardassian Elim Garak in the form of a diary which was written by Robinson after he landed the recurring role in the series. He would read extracts from it at Star Trek conventions for fans and was heard by novelist David R. George III who suggested he should submit it for publishing.
 Dangerous Visions (ISBN 0-425-06176-0) is a science fiction short story anthology edited by Harlan Ellison published in 1967.A path-breaking collection Dangerous Visions helped define the New Wave science fiction movement particularly in its depiction of sex in science fiction.
 Face Value was a 1993 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang. It was to be the second Broadway production of the playwright's work but it closed in previews on March 14 1993. The production was scheduled to open at the Cort Theatre. It was directed by Jerry Zaks with B. D.
 Microelectronics International is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published quarterly by Emerald Group Publishing. The editor is John Atkinson. It covers research on miniaturized electronic devices microcircuit engineering semiconductor technology and systems engineering. Publishing formats include original technical papers research papers case studies reviews and book reviews. The journal was established in 1982 as Hybrid Circuits (ISSN 0265-3028).
 The Transformation of Virginia 1740–1790 is a 1982 nonfiction book by Australian historian Rhys Isaac published by University of North Carolina Press. The book chronicles the religious and political changes over a half-century of Virginian history particularly the shift from the great cultural metaphor of patriarchy to a greater emphasis on communalism.The Transformation of Virginia was awarded the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for History.
 The Last Burden is a novel by Upamanyu Chatterjee that portrays life in an Indian middle-class family. In this novel he travels the lives of different people constituting a joint family expertly portraying their emotions needs and desires.
 Because of Winn-Dixie is a children's novel written by Kate DiCamillo which was published in 2000 and the winner of a Newbery Honor distinction the following year. In 2000 the book won the Josette Frank Award and in 2003 won the Mark Twain Award. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children. It was one of the Top 100 Chapter Books of all time in a 2012 poll by School Library Journal.
 The Quantity Theory of Insanity is a collection of short stories by Will Self. It won the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize in 1993.
 War In History is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of History. The journal's editors are Dennis Showalter (Colorado College) and Hew Strachan (All Souls College). It has been in publication since 1994 and is published by SAGE Publications.
 Ludwig Revolution (ルードヴィッヒ革命 Rūdovihhi Kakumei) is a gothic horror shōjo manga by Kaori Yuki. The story tells about Prince Ludwig who is ordered by his father to find himself a wife more suitable (by more suitable he means not dead) than the women he often brings into the castle. Along with his servant Wilhelm they travel across the land in search of fair maidens from classic stories in hopes of finding Ludwig a wife.
 Seeker (2005) is the first book in the Noble Warriors trilogy written by William Nicholson.
 Foundation's Fear (1997) is a science fiction novel by Gregory Benford set in Isaac Asimov's Foundation universe. It is the first book of the Second Foundation trilogy which was written after Asimov's death by three authors authorized by the Asimov estate.
 The Dogs of War (1974) is a war novel by Frederick Forsyth featuring a small group of European and African mercenary soldiers hired by a British industrialist to depose the government of the fictional African country of Zangaro.An eponymous film was released in 1980 based upon the novel and directed by John Irvin.
 The Immoralist is a play adapted from the novel by André Gide. The original production starred James Dean Louis Jourdan and Geraldine Page.
 Amagi Brilliant Park (甘城ブリリアントパーク Amagi Buririanto Pāku) is a light novel series written by Shoji Gatoh and illustrated by Yuka Nakajima. As of January 2014 three volumes have been published by Fujimi Shobo under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint. A manga adaptation with art by Kimitake Yoshioka started serialization in Fujimi Shobo's shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age from February 8 2014. An anime television series adaptation by Kyoto Animation is set to air in October 2014.
 The Journal of Knowledge Management is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal publishing original research technical discussions and case studies on knowledge management. It is indexed in Library and Information Science Abstracts Inspec and Scopus. According to its homepage it has also been accepted in Thomson Reuters Social Sciences Citation Index and its first impact factor is expected in 2012.
 Looking Backward: 2000-1887 is a utopian science fiction novel by Edward Bellamy a lawyer and writer from Chicopee Falls Massachusetts; it was first published in 1888. According to Erich Fromm Looking Backward is one of the most remarkable books ever published in America.It was the third-largest bestseller of its time after Uncle Tom's Cabin and Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ.
 Miss MacIntosh My Darling is a novel by Marguerite Young. She has described it as an exploration of the illusions hallucinations errors of judgment in individual lives the central scene of the novel being an opium addict's paradise.The novel is 11th on the Wikipedia List of longest novels and 5th among novels written in English.
 The Yearbook of the Association of Pacific Coast Geographers is a peer-reviewed annual academic journal covering education and research in geography. It is an official journal of the Association of Pacific Coast Geographers (APCG) and was established in 1935. It has been published annually except during the war years of 1943-1946. Its first editor-in-chief was Otis Willard Freeman (Eastern Washington University; vols. 1-5 1935–1940).
 The International Journal of Mass Spectrometry is a peer reviewed journal covering fundamental aspects of mass spectrometry and ion processes including instrumentation and applications in biology chemistry geology and physics. Selected IJMS articles are included in the Proteomics Virtual Journal.[1] The 2009 impact factor was 2.117.
 Autosport is a weekly magazine covering motorsport published in the United Kingdom every Thursday by Haymarket Consumer Media. It was first published on 25 August 1950 by Gregor Grant immediately prior to the Silverstone International Trophy meeting of that year. ISSN 0269-946X
 Custom Builder is a trade publication and web site owned by Reed Business Information serving the information needs of firms in the residential building industry.Established in 1991 Custom Builder magazine was originally published bimonthly. From January 2006 a seventh issue in April was added to their editorial calendar.Common topics in the magazine include design ideas business builder solutions and innovations.
 Garden Culture is a printed magazine that covers urban agriculture (indoor) gardening gardening techniques urban gardening projects and design ideas. It was first published in February 2011 in the Netherlands.
 The Kalamazoo Gazette is the daily newspaper in Kalamazoo Michigan.The Gazette is part of MLive Media Group which is Michigan's largest local media organization.The Gazette publishes seven days a week. Papers are available for home delivery on Tuesday Thursday and Sunday.In 2009 the Gazette was named Newspaper of the Year by the Michigan Press Association.On the Internet the Gazette is part of MLive.com the most-read news website in Michigan.
 Saving Max is the first novel written by American author Antoinette van Heugten. The novel is about attorney Danielle Parkman and her son Max a teenager with Asperger Syndrome who was accused of murdering another patient at a mental hospital. The book spent two weeks on USA Today's top 150 books where it peaked at position 135.
 Murderers' Row is the title of a 1962 spy novel by Donald Hamilton. It was the fifth novel featuring his creation Matt Helm a Second World War assassin recruited as a counter-agent by a secret American agency. This was the last Matt Helm novel to not use Hamilton's naming convention of The (Verb)-ers (as in The Annihilators The Ambushers etc.).
 The Northern District Times is an Australian local newspaper serving the communities in parts of the Lower North Shore and lower Hills District areas of Sydney. The readership area stretches from the Parramatta River in suburbs such as Gladesville and Hunters Hill to Beecroft and Cheltenham in northern Sydney. The paper is circulated to approximately 58500 people with a readership of approximately 94000 people. Most of these people are in the 35–64 age group.
 Grimm Fairy Tales is a horror comic book series by Zenescope Entertainment that presents classic fairy tales albeit with modern twists or expanded plots. It began publication in June 2005.
 Mad Love Chase known in Japan as Harlem Beat wa Yoake Made: Mad Love Chase is a manga by Kazusa Takashima. In 2002 it began serialization in Asuka. In 2009 it was licensed by TokyoPop under the name Mad Love Chase the subtitle of the series.
 A Gent from Bear Creek is a collection of Western short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in the United Kingdom in 1937 by Herbert Jenkins. The first United States edition was published by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in 1966. The stories continue on from each other like chapters in a book.The stories are humorously written as if told by Breckenridge Elkins a hillbilly with no schooling. He and his kin live in the Humbolts in Nevada.
 Kaytek the Wizard (Polish: Kajtuś Czarodziej) (alternatively Kaytek the Sorcerer or Kaytek the Magician with some title renderings retaining the original name Kaytus instead of Kaytek) is a 1933 children's novel by Polish author physician and child pedagogue Janusz Korczak. It was published in English translation in August 2012 the second of Korczak's novels to be published in English. His other novel to be published in English was King Matt the First.
 Le Peuple ('The People') was a French language daily newspaper published from Brussels Belgium founded in 1884. Le Peuple was the central organ of the Belgian Labour Party. Jean Volders was the founding editor-in-chief of the newspaper. Prominent contributors to the newspaper included Emile Vandervelde Camille Huysmans Louis Bertrand J. Wauters I. Delvigne and Louis de Brouckère.
 Bacon: A Love Story A Salty Survey of Everybody's Favorite Meat is a 2009 non-fiction book about bacon by American writer Heather Lauer. Lauer started the blog Bacon Unwrapped and a social networking site about bacon in 2005 after the idea came up when she was out drinking with her two brothers; her online success inspired her to write the book which describes curing and cooking bacon gives over 20 bacon recipes and analyzes the impact of bacon on popular culture.
 Wizard or Wizard: The Magazine of Comics Entertainment and Pop Culture (previously titled Wizard: The Guide to Comics and Wizard: The Comics Magazine) was a magazine about comic books published monthly in the United States by Wizard Entertainment from July 1991 to January 2011. It included a price guide as well as comic book movie anime and collector news interviews and previews.
 The Lesson (French: La Leçon) is a one-act play by French-Romanian playwright Eugène Ionesco. It was first performed in 1951 in a production directed by Marcel Cuvelier (who also played the Professor). Since 1957 it has been in permanent showing at Paris' Théâtre de la Huchette on an Ionesco double-bill with The Bald Soprano. The play is regarded as an important work in the Theatre of the Absurd.[citation needed]
 Papa to Kiss in the Dark (パパとKISS IN THE DARK) is a Japanese boy's love light novel written by Ken Nanbara and illustrated by Sae Momoki. It has been adapted into an anime OVA series with the same name. Several drama CDs also based on this light novel have been released.In June 2008 the anime was licensed for release in English by Media Blasters under their Kitty Media label.
 Mao's Great Famine: The History of China's Most Devastating Catastrophe 1958–62 is a 2010 book by professor and historian Frank Dikötter about the Great Chinese Famine of 1958–1962 in the People's Republic of China under Mao Zedong (1893–1976). Based on four years of research in recently opened Chinese provincial county and city archives Dikötter supports an estimate of at least 45 million premature deaths in China during the famine years.
 Burevestnik (Russian: Буревестник) was a Russian language Bolshevik newspaper published from Tiflis Georgia in 1917. It was one of the most important Bolshevik organs in the city at the time.
 Competitors (Russian: Конкуренты Konkurenty) is a Russian science fiction novel written by Sergey Lukyanenko.
 The Lighthouse at the End of the World (French: Le Phare du bout du monde) is an adventure novel by French author Jules Verne. Verne wrote the first draft in 1901. It was first published posthumously in 1905. The plot of the novel involves piracy in the South Atlantic during the mid-19th century with a theme of survival in extreme circumstances and events centering on an isolated lighthouse.
 Umanità Nova is an Italian anarchist newspaper founded in 1920.It was published daily until 1922 when it was shut down by the fascist regime. In some places its circulation exceeded that of the socialist paper Avanti!.
 DigBoston formerly known as the Weekly Dig or even just the Dig is a free alternative newsweekly found in Boston Massachusetts. It offers commentary on local news music arts politics technology film sex food drink and more as well as local bar entertainment and club listings. It is distributed Wednesday free of charge in self-serve newspaper dispensers located throughout the city as well as local businesses and maintains a blog DigBoston.com that is updated daily.
 Eyrbyggja saga (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈeirpɪcːa ˈsaːɣa] ) is one of the Icelanders' sagas; its title can be translated as The Saga of the People of Eyri. It was written by an anonymous writer who describes a long standing feud between Snorri Goði and Arnkel Goði two strong chieftains within the Norse community that settled in Iceland. The title is slightly misleading as it deals also with the clans from Þórsnes and Alptafjörðr on Iceland.
 1001 Children's Books You Must Read Before You Grow Up is a literary reference book compiled by Julia Eccleshare children's book editor at Britain's Guardian newspaper. It was published in 2009 by Universe/Rizzoli International.
 The Empty City is a 2012 children's fantasy novel written under the pseudonym Erin Hunter. It is the first in the Survivors novel series.
 The Indian Journal of Cancer is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Cancer Society Indian Cooperative Oncology Network and Indian Society of Oncology. The journal is the oldest oncology journal from India and covers all aspects of oncology including but not limited to medical oncology surgical oncology radiation oncology oncopathology preventive oncology public health etc.
 Concurrent Engineering: Research and Applications (CERA) is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes research on computer-aided concurrent engineering (CE). The journal was established in 1993 and is published by SAGE Publications.
 Pike County Ballads is an 1871 book by John Hay. The collection of post Civil War poems is one of the first works to introduce vernacular styles of writing. Published originally in 1871 a 2nd edition was published in 1890 and a 3rd edition in 1912 by the Houghton Mifflin Company containing 35 illustrations by N.C. Wyeth.
 Superman vs The Amazing Spider-Man: The Battle of the Century is a comic book jointly published by Marvel Comics and DC Comics in 1976. It was the first crossover between characters of both companies.
 Other Earths (2009) is an alternate history science fiction anthology of all-new stories being edited by Nick Gevers and Jay Lake.
 Folk and Fairy Tales is a 1978 anthology of 25 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. In fact the book is mostly a collection of tales published in previous Manning-Sanders anthologies.
 A Tangled Web is a novel by L. M. Montgomery. It is one of the few books she published that was written mainly for adults. It centers on a community consisting mainly of two families the Penhallows and the Darks. Over three generations 60 members of the Penhallow family have married 60 members of the Dark family creating a tangled web of relationships and emotions.The book was not as financially successful as Montgomery's earlier works as it was released after the Wall Street crash of 1929.
 The Crater (ザ・クレーター Za Kurētā) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1969.
 Ninja Nonsense: The Legend of Shinobu (ニニンがシノブ伝 Ninin ga Shinobuden) is Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ryoichi Koga. The series subtitle is The Nonsense Kunoichi Fiction. The manga was serialized in MediaWorks' Dengeki Daioh magazine between August 2000 and March 2006; the chapters were later compiled into four tankōbon volumes. The manga was released in English in North America by Infinity Studios under the title Ninin Ga Shinobuden.
 No Great Mischief is a 1999 novel by Alistair MacLeod.
 Hot Art: Chasing Thieves and Detectives through the Secret World of Stolen Art is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Joshua Knelman first published in September 2011 by Douglas & McIntyre. In the book the author chronicles his four year investigation into the world of international art theft.
 Scarlet is the second novel in Marissa Meyer's The Lunar Chronicles published by Macmillan Publishers through their subsidiary Feiwel & Friends. The story is loosely based on the fairy tale of Little Red Riding Hood similar to its previous book Cinder which was loosely based on Cinderella.
 They're Made Out of Meat is a Nebula Award-nominated short story by Terry Bisson. It was originally published in OMNI. It consists entirely of dialogue between two characters and Bisson's website hosts a theatrical adaptation.
 Wired for Thought: How the Brain is Shaping the Future of the Internet is a book by entrepreneur Jeffrey Stibel that argues that the human brain and the Internet are similar and suggests that the Internet is further evolving into a brain. Besides his focus on the science and technology behind this evolution the author also discusses its effects on Internet companies. The book was published by Harvard University Press in 2009.
 The Recognitions published in 1955 is American author William Gaddis's first novel. The novel was poorly received initially but Gaddis's reputation grew twenty years later with the publication of his second novel J R (which won a National Book Award) and The Recognitions received belated fame as a masterpiece of American literature.Time Magazine included The Recognitions in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005.
 Pichilemu News (also known as PichilemuNews.cl) is a Chilean online newspaper focused on stories of Pichilemu Cardenal Caro Province (of which Pichilemu is the capital) also occasionally covering national and international news.
 Five Nations (ISBN 0-7869-3690-8) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 Star Trek is a comic book series by IDW Publishing based on the Star Trek science fiction entertainment franchise created by Gene Roddenberry. It consists of multiple mini-series. However starting in September 2011 an ongoing series based on the 2009 Star Trek film began publishing as a continuation of the movie.
 Nineteenth-Century Literature is a literary journal published by University of California Press. It publishes articles dealing with British and American literature of the 19th century. The journal was established in 1945 as The Trollopian changing its name to Nineteenth-Century Fiction in 1949 before being renamed Nineteenth-Century Literature in 1985.
 Piracy is an EC Comics title published in the early 1950s. The bi-monthly comic book published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein began with an issue cover-dated October–November 1954. It ran for seven issues ending with the October–November 1955 issue.Front covers were by Wally Wood Reed Crandall Bernard Krigstein and George Evans.
 Dear Zoe is an epistolary young-adult novel by the American writer Philip Beard.Set in 2002 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania it tells the story of 15-year-old Tess DeNunzio who is wracked by guilt after losing her half-sister in a hit-and-run accident on the day of the September 11 attacks. The novel was selected by Booklist a magazine of the American Library Association as one of the ten best first novels of 2005.
 The Santa Cruz Sentinel is a daily newspaper published in Santa Cruz California covering Santa Cruz County California and owned by MediaNews Group Inc.Aside from its main office in Scotts Valley the Sentinel has a Pajaro Valley news bureau in Watsonville California. The paper has reporters assigned to beats such as agriculture county government and surfing.Ottaway Community Newspapers a division of Dow Jones & Company bought the paper in 1982 from the McPherson family.
 Hazed is the 14th book in The Hardy Boys Undercover Brothers series. It was first published in February 2007 by Aladdin Paperbacks an imprint of Simon & Schuster.
 The Brush-Off is a 1996 Australian Ned Kelly Awards-winning crime thriller written by Shane Maloney. It is the second novel in a series of crime thrillers following the character of Murray Whelan as he investigates crimes in the Melbourne area in the course of trying to keep his job with the Australian Labor Party.
 International Finance is a peer-reviewed academic journal aimed at bridging the gap between theory and policy in macroeconomics and finance. Its founder and editor-in-chief is Benn Steil director of international economics at the Council on Foreign Relations.
 Gears of War: Aspho Fields is a 2008 science fiction novel by Karen Traviss set in the Gears of War universe. The novel is the first in a series of five and is considered canon material. Aspho Fields mainly focuses on the history of the characters and the battle at Aspho Fields but also takes place during the events between Gears of War and Gears of War 2.
 The Snow Queen published in 2008 is a novel by Mercedes Lackey the fourth book of the Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms series. As in the previous book Fortune's Fool characters from earlier books in the series are either mentioned or appear as secondary characters.
 Godric (ISBN 0-06-061162-6) is a novel published in 1981 written by Frederick Buechner that tells the semi-fictionalised life story of medieval Catholic saint Godric of Finchale. The novel was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize.Godric is told in Saint Godric's own voice: Buechner intentionally uses style tone and word choice to evoke a mediaeval manner of speaking.
 Kirara (きらら) is a manga series by Toshiki Yui first published in 1993 by Shueisha. It was later adapted as an original video animation (OVA) in 2000.It was licensed in French by Panini Comics.
 Vril the Power of the Coming Race is an 1871 novel by Edward Bulwer-Lytton originally printed as The Coming Race. Among its readers have been those who have believed that its account of a superior subterranean master race and the energy-form called Vril is accurate to the extent that some theosophists notably Helena Blavatsky William Scott-Elliot and Rudolf Steiner accepted the book as being (at least in part) based on occult truth.
 Dragon Fire is a 2000 novel by BBC political and foreign correspondent Humphrey Hawksley about a 2007 war between China India and Pakistan which draws in Australia Bhutan Myanmar Nepal New Zealand Tibet the United Kingdom and the United States and threatens to escalate to nuclear war.While a work of fiction the novel attempts to raise awareness of real geopolitical issues in the region.
 Sonic the Hedgehog is an ongoing American comic book series published by Archie Comics featuring Sega's video game mascot of the same name Sonic the Hedgehog. The comic debuted in the US as a four part mini-series published between November 1992 and February 1993.
 The Man Who Knew Infinity: A Life of the Genius Ramanujan is the biography of the Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan written in 1991 by Robert Kanigel. The book gives a detailed account of his upbringing in India his mathematical achievements and his mathematical collaboration with English mathematician G. H. Hardy. The book also reviews the life of Hardy and the academic culture of Cambridge University during early twentieth century.
 A Chorus of Disapproval is a 1984 play written by English playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
 The Goat The Sofa And Mr. Swami is a book written by R. Chandrasekar about a Pakistani prime minister visiting India for a test Cricket and the ensuing diplomatic drama and chaos.
 Paterno is a 2012 biography of Penn State football coach Joe Paterno book by sportswriter Joe Posnanski. The Paterno family granted Posnanski a great deal of access during the writing process which included the time period of the Penn State child sex abuse scandal and Paterno's firing. The book debuted at #1 on the The New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover non-fiction best-seller.
 The No-One's-Rose (German: Die Niemandsrose) is a 1963 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan.
 A Statue for Father is a humorous science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the February 1959 issue of Satellite Science Fiction and was reprinted in the 1975 collection Buy Jupiter and Other Stories.
 The Other Barack: The Bold and Reckless Life of President Obama's Father is a biography written by Sally H. Jacobs a Boston Globe journalist. She had access to Obama's Father's immigration file. The book also states that Barack Obama Sr and Ann Dunham considered giving Barack Obama up for adoption to the Salvation Army.
 Kvinnen og Tiden (Woman and Time) was a Norwegian magazine for women published from 1945 by Henriette Bie Lorentzen Kirsten Hansteen and Eva Rønnow. Nini Haslund Gleditsch was co-editor of the magazine from 1953 to 1955. The magazine closed in 1955.
 The World of Null-A sometimes written The World of Ā is a 1948 science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt. It was originally published as a three-part serial in Astounding Stories. It incorporates concepts from the General Semantics of Alfred Korzybski. The name Ā refers to non-Aristotelian logic.
 Geographical Analysis is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Department of Geography (Ohio State University). It was established in 1969 and the editor-in-chief is Daniel Griffith. The journal covers geographical theory model building and quantitative methods.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.500.
 Train To Pakistan is a historical novel by Khushwant Singh published in 1956. It recounts the Partition of India in August 1947.Instead of depicting the Partition in terms of only the political events surrounding it Singh digs into a deep local focus providing a human dimension which brings to the event a sense of reality horror and believability.It is the summer of 1947. But Partition does not mean much to the Sikhs and Muslims of Mano Majra a village on the border of India and Pakistan.
 Playboy of the West Indies is a play by Trinidadian playwright Mustapha Matura a Caribbean version of Synge's The Playboy of the Western World. Playboy of the West Indies opened at the Oxford Playhouse in 1984 and subsequently toured the UK finishing at the Tricycle Theatre in London. It has also enjoyed huge success in the United States most notably at The Court Theatre Chicago; Arena Stage Washington; New Jersey and Yale Rep.
 BMC Cancer is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal that publishes original research on cancer and oncology. It was established in 2001 and is published by BioMed Central.
 The Six Messiahs is a 1995 novel by Mark Frost a sequel to The List of Seven. The two main characters are real-life person Arthur Conan Doyle (albeit engaging in fictional actions) and fictional character Jack Sparks.
 Travellers by Night is an anthology of horror stories edited by August Derleth. It was released in 1967 by Arkham House in an edition of 2486 copies. None of the stories had been previously published.
 <red>Luha ng Buwaya or Crocodile's Tear in translation is a 1983 novel written by Palanca Awardee and Filipino novelist Amado V. Hernandez. It consists of 53 chapters. The story is about poor farmers uniting against the greedy desires of the prominent family of the Grandes. In Filipino idioms crocodiles were used to symbolize those people who are corrupt. The buwaya (crocodile) in the title refers to the Grandes family who were greedy for money.
 The Hidden Child (Swedish: Tyskungen) is a novel written by Swedish writer Camilla Läckberg.Erica Falck is shocked to discover a dubious medal among her late mother's possessions dating from this era. This is perhaps a reference to the other 'holocaust'-the nuclear variety-when the truth of what this might mean hits. Haunted by a disturbed childhood she decides to investigate unwittingly endangering her husband and newborn baby.
 The Turner Diaries is a novel written in 1978 by William Luther Pierce (former leader of the white nationalist organization National Alliance) under the pseudonym Andrew Macdonald. The Turner Diaries depicts a violent revolution in the United States which leads to the overthrow of the United States federal government nuclear war and ultimately to a race war leading to the extermination of all groups deemed by the author as impure such as Jews gay people and non-whites.
 The Big Oyster: History on the Half Shell is a book by Mark Kurlansky. It follows the history of New York City and the renowned oyster beds in the Hudson River estuary.
 The Irish Family (later The Irish Family Press) was an Irish weekly Roman Catholic newspaper from 1992 to 2008 providing news and commentary about the Roman Catholic Church and social issues. It was traditional Catholic in outlook supporting the Tridentine Mass and critical of the European Union.It was originally founded as The Democrat in 1992 after the X Case.
 The Collegian which published its first issue on 16 March 1931 is the on-campus newspaper for La Salle University Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is published weekly throughout the school year. The newspaper is written edited and produced by students of La Salle University underneath a faculty adviser.
 Mr. Sammler's Planet is a 1970 novel by the American author Saul Bellow. It won the National Book Award for Fiction in 1971.
 The Jewish Review of Books is a quarterly magazine with articles on literature culture and current affairs from a Jewish perspective. It is published in New York City.The magazine was launched in 2010 with an editorial board that includes Leon Wieseltier Michael Walzer and Ruth Wisse Shlomo Avineri and Ruth Gavison. The editor is Abraham Socher.The magazine is funded by the Tikvah Fund founded by Zalman Bernstein which also sponsors Jewish Ideas Daily.
 British Journal of Educational Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal of educational studies established in 1952. The journal is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Society for Educational Studies. The editor-in-chief is James Arthur (University of Birmingham).
 Living with Koestler: Mamaine Koestler's Letters 1945–51 is a book about the author Arthur Koestler and Mamaine Paget Koestler’s second wife. More specifically it is a selected compilation of Mamaine’s letters to her twin sister Celia about her life with Koestler. The spontaneous and engaging letters reflect the intensity of her life with Koestler between 1945 and 1951.The book was written and edited by Celia Goodman née Paget.
 Cosmic Jackpot also published under the title The Goldilocks Enigma: Why is the Universe Just Right for Life? is a 2007 non-fiction book by physicist and cosmologist Paul Davies describing the idea of a fine-tuned Universe.
 The Twenty-One Balloons is a novel by William Pène du Bois published in 1947 by the Viking Press and awarded the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1948. The story is about a retired schoolteacher whose ill-fated balloon trip leads him to discover an island full of great wealth and fantastic inventions. The events and ideas are based both on scientific fact and imagination and the descriptions are accompanied by illustrations by du Bois.
 A-YA (A-JA) Cyrillic:«a-Я» — журнал неофициального русского искусства (English: Magazine of unofficial Russian art) was an underground Russian art revue. A-YA was a magazine illegally prepared in the Soviet Union and then published in Paris from 1979 to 1986.The editors were Alexander Sidorov (under the pseudonym «Alexej Alexejev») in Moscow and Igor Shelkovsky in Paris.A-YA was distributed in the U.S. by Alexander Kosolapov in New York. It consisted of 60 pages in A-4 format.
 The Chronicle is a daily student newspaper at Duke University in Durham North Carolina. The Chronicle was first published as The Trinity Chronicle on December 19 1905. The paper's name was changed to The Chronicle when Trinity College was renamed Duke University following a donation by James Buchanan Duke. One of the most highly honored college newspapers in the United States The Chronicle commands a budget of more than $1 million and employs a staff of 120.
 In Dubious Battle is a novel by John Steinbeck written in 1936.
 The Tulane Environmental Law Journal (TELJ) is a legal periodical produced and edited by students at the Tulane University Law School. The journal has been recognized as among the top-fifteen environmental law journals. Articles are written by professors practitioners and Tulane Law students. It was founded in 1988. Oliver Houck serves as the Journal's faculty adviser.
 Frozen is a play by Bryony Lavery that tells the story of the disappearance of a 10-year-old girl Rhona. The play follows Rhona's mother and killer over the years that follow. They are linked by a doctor who is studying what causes men to commit such crimes. The themes of the play include emotional paralysis and forgiveness.The play was first performed at Birmingham Repertory Theatre in 1998 and won the Best New Play Award from the Theatrical Management Association.
 Zeitung vum Lëtzebuerger Vollek is a newspaper published in Luxembourg by the Communist Party of Luxembourg.The newspaper received €353281 in annual state press subsidy in 2009.
 El Gráfico is a classic monthly Argentine sports magazine. It was originally published as a weekly newspaper in May 1919 and then turned to a sports magazine exclusively. It has been scheduled monthly from 2002. El Gráfico is one of the most regarded sports magazine not only in Argentina but in Latin America. The magazine was nicknamed La Biblia del deporte (The Bible of sports) due to its chronicles notable journalists and collaborators and its photography.
 Philosophy of Natural Science is a 1966 book by Carl Gustav Hempel a popular introduction to the philosophy of science.
 Le Jour (French for The Day) was a Quebec independence newspaper. It was founded in Saint-Laurent near Montreal by Yves Michaud Jacques Parizeau and René Lévesque. Michaud was editor-in-chief. The paper was published as a daily from 1974 to 1976 and again as a weekly from 1977 to 1978.
 Marius is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson that was first published in the June 1957 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the collections The Horn of Time (1968) and The Psychotechnic League (1981). As a component of the Psychotechnic League future history / alternate history Marius takes place in 1964 six years after the initial nuclear exchanges of World War III.
 The History Teacher is a quarterly academic journal concerned with the teaching of history in schools colleges and universities. It began in 1940 at the History Department at the University of Notre Dame as the Quarterly Bulletin of the Teachers' History Club. Nuns attending the graduate history program in the summer edited and mimeographed the bulletin. Each issue ran 20-50 pages with informal teaching tips evaluations of textbooks and short thematic essays by Notre Dame professors.
 Rules is the debut novel by author Cynthia Lord. Released by Scholastic Inc. in 2006 it was a Newbery Honor book in 2007. It is also a Sunshine State Young Readers book for 2008–2009 and won the Schneider Family Book Award.
 Wolfcry (2006) is the fourth installment of the Kiesha'ra Series by American author Amelia Atwater-Rhodes. The book is narrated by Oliza Shardae Cobriana a fictional character who is the daughter of Zane Cobriana a cobra shapeshifter and Danica Shardae a hawk shapeshifter.
 The Amazon Temple Quest is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts. The novel was first published in 2002 and it is the third book in the The Seven Fabulous Wonders series.
 Burn Rate: How I Survived the Gold Rush Years on the Internet by Michael Wolff is the account of Wolff's dotcom company Wolff New Media in 1997.
 Locked Rooms is the eighth book in the Mary Russell series by Laurie R. King. It was published in 2005. Unlike King's previous Mary Russell novels Locked Rooms is split into 5 separate books. The books alternate between the familiar Mary Russell first-person narrative and a third-person narrator following Sherlock Holmes.
 I Remember Babylon is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke. It was first published in 1959 and reprinted in the 1962 collection Tales of Ten Worlds.
 The Skin I'm In is a realistic fiction novel written by Sharon Flake. It was published by Hyperion Books on January 3 2000. It depicts the story of seventh grader Maleeka Madison who has low self-esteem because of her dark skin color. Thirteen-year-old Maleeka Madison is tall skinny and dark-skinned. That's a problem for her because it's such a problem for everyone else at school it seems. To make her life easier Maleeka befriends the toughest girl in school.
 For the American industrialist and inventor see William Edenborn.Edenborn is a 2004 novel by Nick Sagan. It is the sequel to Idlewild and takes place 18 years after that book. The sequel to this book and the final installment of the trilogy is Everfree.
 The Myst Reader is a bound collection of three books in the Myst franchise and was published on September 1 2004. The collection combines three works previously published as separate novels: The Book of Atrus (1995) The Book of Ti'ana (1996) and The Book of D'ni (1997).
 Tara Sasankam (Telugu: తారాశశాంకం) is a play written by Kopparapu Subba Rao. It has received about 1500 times under his own direction.[citation needed]It was published in 1945 by Modern Publishers Tenali. Subsequently three editions were brought out. There was a lawsuit filed by the publishers on K. Satyanarayana of Ramakrishna pictures the producers of the 1969 film.
 The Pirates of Manhattan is a book on American finance written by author Barry Dyke. It goes over reasons why mutual funds and the stock market are not looking out for the consumer. It also proves why permanent life insurance is the best investment you can make and gives examples of famous people and companies who have used life insurance to their benefit and profit.
 The Rector of Veilbye (Danish: Præsten i Vejlbye) is a crime mystery written in 1829 by Danish author Steen Steensen Blicher. The novella is based upon a true murder case from 1626 in Vejlby Denmark which Blicher knew partly from Erik Pontoppidan's Danish Church History (1741) and partly through oral tradition.
 Absolute Beginners is a novel by Colin MacInnes written and set in 1958 London England. It was published in 1959. The novel is the second of MacInnes' London Trilogy coming after City of Spades (1958) and before Mr. Love and Justice (1960). These novels are each self-contained with no shared characters.
 The New York Blade was a weekly lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) newspaper in New York City New York. The Blade was a member of the National Gay Newspaper Guild and contains news entertainment classified ads and free personals for men and women.
 The Daily Advocate is an American daily newspaper published Wednesdays through Sundays (as The Sunday Advocate) in Greenville Ohio.
 The Shambhala Sun is an independent bimonthly magazine (in print and online) that offers a nonsectarian view of 'Buddhism Culture Meditation and Life.' Presented are teachings from the Buddhist and other contemplative traditions with an emphasis on applying the principles of mindfulness and awareness practices to everyday life.
 War of the Twins is a fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman in the Dragonlance series of novels. It is the second novel in the Dragonlance Legends trilogy a series detailing the journey of the fictional twins Raistlin Majere and Caramon Majere along with Crysania and Tasslehoff Burrfoot. This book details their adventures during the Dwarfgate Wars some 100 years after the Cataclysm.
 The North Devon Journal is a weekly newspaper published in Barnstaple North Devon.
 Confederates in the Attic is a work of non-fiction by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Tony Horwitz. Horwitz explores his deep interest in the American Civil War and investigates the ties in the United States among citizens to a war that ended more than 130 years previously.Among the experiences Horwitz has in the book: Horwitz's first day with reenactors led by Robert Lee Hodge a particularly hardcore reenactor (who was featured in a photo on the cover of the book). He is a waiter.
 Kirarin Revolution (きらりん☆レボリューション Kirarin Reboryūshon lit. Sparkling Revolution) is a Japanese shōjo manga by An Nakahara. The series' title is the supposed name of Kirari's debut single. As of August 2007 it runs in the shōjo magazine Ciao published by Shogakukan. It won the 2007 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.The anime adaptation is a Japan and South Korea coproduction and it premiered on 7 April 2006 in Japan on TV Tokyo and ran for 153 episodes until March 27 2009.
 A Girl Named Disaster is a 1996 novel by Nancy Farmer. In 1997 Farmer won the Newbery Honor for the novel which was also a finalist for the National Book Award for Young People's Literature. The book explores the qualities needed to survive in a hostile environment (particularly by a woman) coming-of-age and the availability of spiritual guidance.
 Play to the End is a crime novel by Robert Goddard first published in 2004. It is set in Brighton in December 2002 and revolves around a local entrepreneur whose wealth may be based on shady practices carried out by his family business at some point in the past.
 Originally titled Journal of the American Institute of Architects (Vol. #1 - Issue #1) from January 1944 through 1951 the magazine changed its name to The American Institute of Architects Journal. After publication of the AIA Journal ended in August 1976 then followed Architecture magazine.
 Experimental Biology and Medicine is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers experimental biological and medical research. The editor-in-chief is Steven R. Goodman (SUNY Upstate Medical University). It was established in 1903 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Society for Experimental Biology and Medicine.
 The Rise of the Black Wolf is the second volume of the Grey Griffins series written by American authors Derek Benz and J. S. Lewis and published by Orchard Books an imprint of Scholastic Inc. This sequel to The Revenge of the Shadow King centers upon the adventures of the Grey Griffins as they visit Max's father in Scotland.
 Unknown Worlds: Tales from Beyond is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by Stanley Schmidt and Martin H. Greenberg the sixth of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine Unknown of the 1930s-40s. It was first published in hardcover by Galahad Books in 1989 though bearing a copyright date of 1988 and reprinted by Bristol Park Books in 1993.The book collects twenty-five tales by various authors together with an introduction by Schmidt.
 Poenulus also called The Little Carthaginian or The Puny Punic is a Latin comedic play for the early Roman theatre by Titus Maccius Plautus probably written between 195 and 189 BC. The play is noteworthy for containing text in Carthaginian Punic spoken by the character Hanno in the fifth act.
 New Hampshire is a monthly lifestyle publication focused on joining readers in a quest for all the best New Hampshire has to offer. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).
 The European Dream: How Europe's Vision of the Future Is Quietly Eclipsing the American Dream is a book by Jeremy Rifkin published on August 19 2004 by Jeremy P. Tarcher Inc. Rifkin describes the emergence and evolution of the European Union over the past five decades as well as key differences between European and American values.
 Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction of the Year is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the fourteenth volume in a series of sixteen.
 My Many Colored Days is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss.Accompanying a manuscript Dr. Seuss wrote in 1973 was a letter outlining his hopes of finding a great color artist who will not be dominated by me. The late Dr. Seuss saw his original text about feelings and moods as part of the first book ever to be based on beautiful illustrations and sensational color. It was published posthumously in 1996 by Alfred A. Knopf after Seuss's death in 1991.
 Horns Illustrated is a print and digital publication based in Austin Texas that covers University of Texas at Austin athletics. The magazine features interviews athlete profiles in-depth analysis and game recaps game previews and a calendar of events.There are 9 issues of the magazine a year that are published monthly except for April August and September. The readership of the magazine is estimated over 50000.
 Follower is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror.
 Help Yourself: Finding Hope Courage and Happiness is a 2001 self-help book by American author Dave Pelzer. It is the fourth book that Pelzer has written prior to The Privilege of Youth which continues the Child Called It series.
 Myron is the name of a 1974 novel by Gore Vidal. It was written as a sequel to his 1968 bestseller Myra Breckinridge. The novel was published shortly after an anti-pornography ruling by the Supreme Court; Vidal responded by replacing the profanity in his novel with the names of the Justices involved (e.g. He thrust his enormous Rehnquist deep within her Whizzer White etc.)
 Rest Stop is a short story by Stephen King originally published in the December 2003 issue of Esquire and collected in King's 2008 collection Just After Sunset. In 2004 Rest Stop won the National Magazine Award for Fiction.
 Language Teaching Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of education and linguistics related to the teaching of any second language in particular the teaching of specific skills and language for specific purposes. The journal's editor-in-Chief is Rod Ellis (University of Auckland). The journal was established in 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Grit is a magazine formerly a weekly newspaper popular in the rural US during much of the 20th century. It carried the subtitle America's Greatest Family Newspaper. In the early 1930s it targeted small town and rural families with 14 pages plus a fiction supplement. By 1932 it had a circulation of 425000 in 48 states and 83% of its circulation was in towns of fewer than 10000 population.
 The Zombies That Ate The World (French: Les Zombies qui ont mangé le monde) is an ongoing comic book series written by Jerry Frissen and illustrated by Guy Davis. It is published in France by Les Humanoïdes Associés and reprinted in North America by Humanoids Publishing/Devil's Due. It is also published in Spain Germany and Finland.
 Searching for God Knows What is the third book by Donald Miller published by Thomas Nelson Inc. in 2004. This work continues and expands many of the Non-Religious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality that appeared in his second book Blue Like Jazz.
 Charmed: Season 9 is a comic book series that is published monthly by Zenescope Entertainment which owns the publishing rights to the Charmed comic book series. The series is an officially licensed continuation of the popular television series of the same name which ended its eight-year run in 2006. Charmed: Season 9 is set eighteen months after the events of the television show's final episode. The first issue was released on July 21 2010.
 Billy the Kid's Old Timey Oddities is a four issue American comic book limited series published in 2005 by Dark Horse Comics. The series stars a fictional version of Billy the Kid still alive in the year 1881 after the real life Billy the Kid was allegedly killed by Pat Garrett.Written by Eric Powell with artwork provided by Kyle Hotz the series teams Billy the Kid with members of a travelling freak show in a quest to retrieve a powerful object from the castle of Dr. Victor Frankenstein.
 Interpreter of Maladies is a book collection of nine short stories by Indian American author Jhumpa Lahiri published in 1999. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award in the year 2000 and has sold over 15 million copies worldwide.
 Mary Chesnut's Civil War is an annotated collection of the diaries of Mary Boykin Chesnut an upper-class planter who lived in South Carolina during the American Civil War. The diaries were extensively annotated by historian C. Vann Woodward and published by Yale University Press in 1981. For his work on the book Woodward was awarded the 1982 Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Westmark (1981) is a fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander named for a fictional kingdom that is its setting. Alternatively Westmark is a trilogy named for the novel its first book. The novel won a 1982 National Book Award.Showing influences of the French existentialist writers whose works Alexander translated early in his career[citation needed] the series is far darker and more adult than his previous books for children including The Chronicles of Prydain.
 Torch is the debut novel of American author Cheryl Strayed. Published in 2006 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt the book was a finalist for the Great Lakes Book Award and was selected by The Oregonian as one of the top ten books of 2006 by writers living in the Pacific Northwest. The book presents the story of family crisis and grief through the failing health and subsequent death of a mother of two children in Minnesota. The book is loosely based on the real life of the author.
 Red Lightbulbs is an online literary magazine that was founded in April 2011. Based in Chicago Illinois the magazine publishes fiction poetry video art audio works and visual art.
 Streets of Laredo is a 1993 western novel by Larry McMurtry. It is the second book published in the Lonesome Dove series but the fourth and final book chronologically. It was adapted into a television miniseries in 1995.
 Misteriosa Buenos Aires (Spanish for Mysterious Buenos Aires) is a 1950 book of literary fiction by Manuel Mujica Laínez containing no fewer that 42 short stories (average length: 6.4 pages) illustrating life in Buenos Aires from the time of its mythical First Foundation in 1536 to 1904.The book is ultimately a digest of civilized life on the site of the Great City and one of the prime examples of a key theme in Argentine literature first invoked by Sarmiento: the dualistic struggle between Civilization and Barbarism.The first story El hambre (Famine) shows the first European settlers starving behind a flimsy improvised palisade as they nervously eye the Indian bonfires in the surrounding darkness. 
 Jupiter Laughs is A. J. Cronin's 1940 play in three acts about a doctor and his love interest who hopes to become a medical missionary. The play was first staged in Glasgow at the King's Theatre and starred Henry Longhurst Catherine Lacey and James Mason. In 1940 it opened on Broadway at the Biltmore Theatre and starred Alexander Knox and Jessica Tandy. Film adaptations include Shining Victory with James Stephenson and Geraldine Fitzgerald and Ich suche Dich (I Seek You) with O.W.
 American Journal of Ophthalmology is a peer-reviewed medical journal of ophthalmology. It was established in 1884 and is published monthly by Elsevier. Its impact factor for 2009 is 3.833. The journal is edited by Thomas J. Liesegang.
 Valley of the Dolls is a novel by American writer Jacqueline Susann published in 1966. The dolls within the title is a slang term for pills used only by Susann. The term dolls also represents the women in the novel and their mishandling by the patriarchal world in which they are played by and dealt with as mere toys.
 Nozomi officially stylized as nozomi is the first photobook by Japanese model Nozomi Sasaki released in late 2008 by Shueisha.It consists of photographs of Sasaki taken in Hawaii Tokyo and several other places.
 Madam Secretary: A Memoir is the autobiography of United States Secretary of State Madeleine Albright published in 2003. It covers both her life and the eight years she spent in the Clinton administration first as United States Ambassador to the United Nations and then as head of the State Department. The book's title reflects the term of address for a female governmental secretary. Madam Secretary appeared on The New York Times Best Seller list.
 Car brez zaklada is a novel by Slovenian author Slavko Pregl. It was first published in 2009.
 Artemis Fowl: The Lost Colony (known as Artemis Fowl and the Lost Colony in Europe) is the fifth book in the Artemis Fowl Series by Irish writer Eoin Colfer. The book originally expected to be published in the UK and Ireland on 7 September 2006 was shipped to stores early. On 12 September of the same year The Lost Colony became available in the US and was released soon to other countries. It is followed by Artemis Fowl: The Time Paradox.
 Ceremony is a novel by Native American writer Leslie Marmon Silko first published by Penguin in March 1977. The title Ceremony is based upon the oral traditions and ceremonial practices of the Navajo and pueblo people.
 Red Hot Patriot: The Kick-Ass Wit of Molly Ivins is a 2012 play written by twin sisters Margaret Engel and Allison Engel. Kathleen Turner portrayed Ivins in the play's 2012 debut.
 The Greene Knight is a late medieval rhyming romance found in the Percy Folio Manuscript. The storyline effectively parallels the more famous Sir Gawain and the Green Knight in describing the dealings of Gawain King Arthur's nephew with the Greene Knight.The text was edited by Thomas Hahn for the Camelot Project. Key differences adduced by Hahn from the longer poem include rapid pacing more explicit character motivations and a rhyme scheme more suitable for popular recitation.
 Robby Fights the World is a 2009 coming-of-age novel by Joel Christie. It tells the story of Robby Meyers a teenage boy in South Florida whose experiences at a new school challenge him to deal with issues of love loss friendship and integrity.
 Take a Break is a weekly magazine aimed at women currently published in the United Kingdom by H Bauer Publishing the UK subsidiary of the German-owned family business the Bauer Media Group. It retails at 86 pence and a new issue is published every Thursday.Take a Break is the most circulated women's magazine in the United Kingdom and the 12th most circulated overall with estimated circulation figures at 900016 for the second half of 2009.
 A forthcoming novel and the eighth book of the Outlander series by best-selling author Diana Gabaldon Written In My Own Heart's Blood continues the love story of Claire Beauchamp (Randall) and Jamie Fraser which was introduced in Outlander the first book of the series.In September 2011 Dr. Gabaldon announced the title for the new novel. It continues the story arcs of multiple characters from An Echo In The Bone the seventh novel of the Outlander books.
 Pride of Baghdad is a graphic novel written by Brian K. Vaughan and illustrated by Niko Henrichon released by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint on September 13 2006. The story is a fictionalized account of the true story of four African lions that escaped from the Baghdad Zoo after an American bombing in 2003. The book won the IGN award for best original graphic novel in 2006.
 Tell The Wolves I'm Home is the debut novel of American writer Carol Rifka Brunt published by Random House in 2012. It follows the life of a girl whose uncle had died of AIDS in the 1980s.
 The Pacific Index is the student run newspaper of Pacific University in Forest Grove Oregon United States. The biweekly paper is published on every-other Thursday and is a member of the College Publisher Network.
 The New Hate: A History of Fear and Loathing on the Populist Right is a 2012 political science and public affairs non-fiction book by writer and editor Arthur S. Goldwag published by Pantheon Books. The book discusses the history of conspiracy theories among right-wing populists in the United States in particular what Goldwag considers personalized economic conspiracy theories driven by fear and hate within the radical right and the contemporary Tea Party movement.
 Doppelganger also published under the title Warrior is a high fantasy novel written by Marie Brennan that chronicle the adventures of Miryo a witch and Mirage her doppelgänger.
 The Magicians of Caprona is a children's fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones published by MacMillan Children's Books in 1980.
 Duel in the Sun: Alberto Salazar Dick Beardsley and America's Greatest Marathon is a 2006 book by freelance sportswriter John Brant. Expanded from an article featured in Runner's World magazine the book tells the story of two American distance runners Dick Beardsley and Alberto Salazar and how their lives changed after both men ran the 1982 Boston Marathon.
 For other uses see Dodsworth (disambiguation)Dodsworth is a satirical novel by American writer Sinclair Lewis first published by Harcourt Brace & Company in March 1929. Its subject the differences between US and European intellect manners and morals is one that frequently appears in the works of Henry James.
 The Ebony Idol is a plantation literature novel first published in 1860 and written by G.M. Flanders.
 Gagamba (meaning “spider”) subtitled The Spider Man is a novel by award-winning and most widely translated Filipino author F. Sionil José. The novel is about a Filipino male cripple nicknamed “Gagamba” a vendor of sweepstakes tickets in Ermita Manila. After being buried in the wreckage the seller survives an earthquake together with two other fortunate characters that occurred in the Philippines in the middle of July 1990.
 Strawberry Shake Sweet (ストロベリーシェイク Sweet Sutoroberī Sheiku Sweet) is a Japanese yuri manga written and illustrated by Japanese manga author Shizuru Hayashiya. It was originally titled Strawberry Shake while it was serialized in the manga magazine Yuri Shimai though the title was changed when the manga began serialization in Yuri Hime. The first bound volume was published on January 18 2006 in Japan and the second on January 17 2009.
 Young Thongor is a collection of short stories by fantasy author Lin Carter with additional material by Robert M. Price edited and with a foreword by Adrian Cole. It was first published in trade paperback by Wildside Press in May 2012.
 Berita Harian (Malay for Daily News) is the sole Malay language broadsheet newspaper published in Singapore. It is published daily from Monday to Saturday and on Sunday as Berita Minggu (Malay: Sunday News). It was founded on 1 July 1957.
 Chousoku Henkei Gyrozetter (超速変形ジャイロゼッター trans. Super High-Speed Transforming Gyrozetter) is a game by Square Enix and a children's Japanese anime television series.
 The Story of Saiunkoku (彩雲国物語 Saiunkoku Monogatari lit. Tale of the Kingdom of Colored Clouds) is a series of Japanese light novels written by Sai Yukino and illustrated by Kairi Yura. As of July 2011 the eighteenth and final volume was released concluding the series.
 A Matter of Honour is a novel by Jeffrey Archer first published in 1986.
 The Body Snatchers is a 1955 science fiction novel by Jack Finney originally serialized in Colliers Magazine in 1954 which describes the fictional town of Santa Mira California being invaded by seeds that have drifted to Earth from space.
 The Great Cow Race is the second book in the Bone series. It collects issues 7-11 of Jeff Smith's self-published Bone graphic novels along with the short story Up on the Roof which was originally published in Wizard Presents: Bone 13½. The book was first published by Cartoon Books in its original black-and-white form in 1996.
 Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings is a 2006 humor novel and New York Times bestseller by Tyler Perry and focuses on his character of Madea. The book won the 2006 Quills Awards for Book of the Year and spent twelve weeks on the USA Today bestseller list.
 Elmer and the Dragon is the second in the My Father's Dragon trilogy of children's novels by Ruth Stiles Gannett. It is preceded by My Father's Dragon and followed by The Dragons of Blueland. In this book Elmer Elevator and his recently liberated dragon friend travel home but find themselves marooned on another island inhabited by talkative animals. The illustrations within the book are black and white lithographs done by Ruth Chrisman Gannett.
 The Yorkshire Times is an online newspaper founded in 2011 by Richard Trinder and the sole online-only paper in Yorkshire.Rather than employing journalists The Yorkshire Times focuses instead on citizen journalism with opinion commentary and analysis prevailing over simply reporting local events. As of 1 January 2014 the newspaper receives 35000 unique readers and 500000 reads per month.
 Starry Nights was Shobha De's second novel. It is said that the novels' characters Aasha Rani and her lover Akshay were based on the real life love-affairs of Amitabh Bachchan with Rekha Ganesan and Dharmendra Singh Deol with Hema Malini[citation needed]. It was a best seller in India and cemented its authors reputation as being a provocative and daring author.
 Adam Bede the first novel written by George Eliot (the pen name of Mary Ann Evans) was published in 1859. It was published pseudonymously even though Evans was a well-published and highly respected scholar of her time. The novel has remained in print ever since and is used in university studies of 19th-century English literature.
 Tales Beyond Time: From Fantasy to Science Fiction is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp. It was first published in hardcover by Lothrop Lee & Shepard in 1973 and in paperback by William Morrow.
 The School of Fear is the fifth novel by Jude Watson in the Star Wars Jedi Quest book series.
 For the film adaption see Delta of Venus (film)Delta of Venus is a book of fifteen short stories by Anaïs Nin published posthumously in 1977 - though largely written in the 1940s as erotica for a private collector.In 1995 a film version of the book was directed by Zalman King.
 Sunset at Blandings is an unfinished novel by P. G. Wodehouse published in the United Kingdom by Chatto & Windus London on 17 November 1977 and in the United States by Simon & Schuster New York 19 September 1978.
 Europa Magazine is the only monthly magazine in Serbo-Croatian language in the United States.
 Rose Hip Zero (ローズ ヒップ ゼロ Rozu Hippu Zero) is a seinen manga created by Tohru Fujisawa in 2005-2006 serving as the prequel to Rose Hip Rose. It was also formerly serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine.The manga shows more of Kasumi Asakura's past as a 14-year old child assassin in service of a terrorist group called ALICE prior to joining up with ASALLT.
 The Franchise Affair is a 1948 mystery novel by Josephine Tey about the investigation of a mother and daughter accused of kidnapping a local young woman.
 Needful Things is a 1991 horror novel by American author Stephen King. It is the first novel King wrote after his rehabilitation from drugs and alcohol. According to the cover it is The Last Castle Rock Story. However the town later serves as the setting for the short story It Grows on You published in King's 1993 collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes which according to King serves as an epilogue to Needful Things.
 Nice Work (1988) is a novel by British author David Lodge. It won the Sunday Express Book of the Year award in 1988 and was also shortlisted for the Booker prize. In 1989 it was made into a four-part BBC television series directed by Christopher Menaul and starring Warren Clarke and Haydn Gwynne. The University of Birmingham served as the filming location of many of the scenes from this series.
 Save the Pearls: Revealing Eden is a 2012 young adult novel by American author Victoria Foyt and the first book in the Save the Pearls series. The book is set in a post apocalyptic dystopian society and follows the titular character of Eden as she attempts to move outside of her set station in life and find a way to survive outside the norms set by society. Book two of the series Adapting Eden was released in the spring of 2013.
 The People of Forever Are Not Afraid is a novel by the Israeli writer Shani Boianjiu published in 2012.
 The Day of the Djinn Warriors is the fourth installment of the Children of the Lamp series. The author Philip Kerr has said on his website that he is planning to write a total of six books although he hasn't decided what the titles of the remaining books will be.
 Computeractive (sometimes written as Computeract!ve to reflect the logo) is a fortnightly computer magazine published by Dennis Publishing in the United Kingdom. It was first published in February 1998 by VNU Business Publications which was bought by Incisive Media in 2007. In February 2013 it was sold to Dennis Publishing. Its sister magazine is The Ultimate Guide series.
 The Trojan Women (Ancient Greek: Τρῳάδες Trōiades) also known as Troades is a tragedy by the Greek playwright Euripides. Produced in 415 BC during the Peloponnesian War it is often considered a commentary on the capture of the Aegean island of Melos and the subsequent slaughter and subjugation of its populace by the Athenians earlier that year (see History of Milos).
 The Secret of the Old Clock is the first volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. It was first published on April 28 1930. Nancy Drew is an eighteen year-old high school graduate. Her father Carson Drew is a well-known criminal defense lawyer. The Drews reside in River Heights and employ a housekeeper Hannah Gruen.
 The Orphan Master's Son is a 2012 novel by American author Adam Johnson. It deals with intertwined themes of propaganda identity and state power in North Korea. The novel was awarded the 2013 Pulitzer Prize for fiction.
 Gallery Whispers is a 1999 detective novel by Quintin Jardine. It is the ninth of the Bob Skinner novels.
 Mrs Craddock is a novel by William Somerset Maugham first published in 1902.
 Captain America and the Falcon was a comic book series published for fourteen issues in 2004 and 2005 by Marvel Comics. The series' title is a reuse of the cover title of Captain America's solo series during a period in which the Falcon was given second billing on the front cover.
 The Bhutan Times is Bhutan's first privately owned newspaper and only the second in the country after the government owned and autonomous Kuensel.
 Si-cology 1 is an autobiography by American television personality Silas Robertson co-written by Mark Schlabach. It was first published on September 3 2013 and has already become a bestseller. In this book Si talks about his life. He talks about what life was like for him as a young boy living in Louisiana how he went overseas to Vietnam as a soldier during the war to what his life is like being Uncle Si on A&E show Duck Dynasty.
 Atomic (or Atomic MPC) was a monthly Australian magazine and online community focusing on computing and technology with an emphasis on gaming modding and computer hardware. Atomic was marketed at technology enthusiasts and covered topics that were not normally found in mainstream PC publications including video card and CPU overclocking Windows registry tweaking and programming.
 The Moment of Truth is a satire comedy drama play by Peter Ustinov written in 1951 telling the story of a republic which is about to fall while facing the threat of invading army with crippling government structure.Ustinov wrote the play inspired by French hero Marshal Petain and his political collusion with the Nazi's and the events resulting in creation of Vichy France. The play was first premiered at the Adelphi Theatre Adelphi in 1951.
 The Sea Devil's Eye is a novel by Mel Odom set in the Forgotten Realms campaign setting. It is the last book in the Threat from the Sea Trilogy.
 The Life I Lead is the debut novel of Keith Banner. It tells the story of David Brewer married to Tara and with an infant daughter Brittany. Dave is a pedophile and has become attracted to a number of young boys over the years and molested them. He has never been caught. He tells the boys he loves them and that he’ll kill himself if they tell.The novel is written from Dave’s point of view as well as that of his wife his father and a childhood neighbor Troy Wetzel.
 Sartoris is a novel first published in 1929 by the American author William Faulkner. It portrays the decay of the Mississippi aristocracy following the social upheaval of the American Civil War. The 1929 edition is an abridged version of Faulkner's original work. The full text was published in 1973 as Flags in the Dust. Faulkner's great-grandfather William Clark Falkner himself a colonel in the American Civil War served as the model for Colonel John Sartoris.
 The Chess Monthly was a short-lived chess magazine produced from 1857–1861 in the United States. Edited by professional diplomat and linguistics professor Daniel Willard Fiske it was co-edited for a time by Paul Morphy. Eugene B. Cook (1830–1915) and Sam Loyd edited the chess problems section. Running for only five volumes it is perhaps best remembered today for a series of articles written by Dr.
 The Chameleon's Shadow (2007) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters.
 The Convenient Marriage is a Georgian romance novel by Georgette Heyer. The story is set in 1776. It is the first of several Heyer romances where the hero and heroine are married early in the novel and the plot follows their path to mutual love and understanding. Later examples include Friday's Child and April Lady.
 Back to Bologna is a novel by Michael Dibdin and is the tenth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series.
 Ageing Research Reviews is a scientific journal covering ageing published by Elsevier. The editor in chief is Mark Mattson. Ageing Research Reviews publishes research on human life expectancy ageing and age-related disease. It is multidisciplinary and takes reports on the broad field of ageing research with an emphasis on cellular and molecular underpinnings of manipulations that extend lifespan such as caloric restriction and age-related diseases such as cardiovascular disease.
 Music on the Bamboo Radio is a novel written by Martin Booth that was first published in 1997. The story revolves around Nicholas Holford the main character and minor relations can be made to Martin Booth's life during the Second World War.
 Zani i Ri (English: New Voice) was a fortnightly newspaper published in Albania from August 1920 by Osman Myderrizi a member of the first Parliament of Albania and the 1924–1925 Constitutional Convention. It was the first newspaper to be published in Tirana after it had been made capital of Albania.
 Stolen Childhood: Slave Youth in Nineteenth-Century America is a 1995 history book about nineteenth century slave children in America by Wilma King. As the first full-length book on the subject it began the scholarship of slave childhood. The book uses historical documents to argue that enslaved children were deprived of experiences now understood to constitute childhood due to early work responsibilities frequent bodily and emotional trauma and separations from family.
 Joe Cinque’s Consolation: A True Story of Death Grief and the Law is a non-fiction book written by Australian author Helen Garner and published in 2004. It is an account of Garner's presence at the separate trials of Anu Singh and her friend Madhavi Rao related to the death of Singh's boyfriend Joe Cinque and Garner's attempts to understand the responses to the crime.
 Fightin' Air Force was a bimonthly war comic published by Charlton Comics from 1956–1966. Telling fictional stories of American military pilots it was a sister title of the other Charlton war comics Fightin' Army Fightin' Marines and Fightin' Navy.Regular contributors to Fightin' Air Force included Dick Giordano (who illustrated many early covers) Sam Glanzman Jack Keller Rocke Mastroserio Bill Molno Charles Nicholas Jack Abel and inker Vince Alascia.
 From Eroica with Love (エロイカより愛をこめて Eroica Yori Ai o Komete) is a long-running shōjo manga by Yasuko Aoike which originally began publication in 1976 by Akita Shoten. The series ran irregularly in the Japanese anthology magazine Viva Princess from December 1976 to April 1979 then moved to the sister publication Princess beginning in September 1979. It was featured regularly in Princess with several later side stories appearing in Viva Princess until August 1989.
 All Music Guide to the Blues: The Definitive Guide to the Blues is a non-fiction encyclopedic referencing of blues music compiled under the direction of All Media Guide.
 Rabindra Chitravali edited by noted art historian R. Siva Kumar brings together in four volumes the paintings of Rabindranth Tagore. The core of this corpus is his paintings in the Rabindra Bhavana and Kala Bhavana collections of Visva-Bharati Santiniketan numbering about 1700 objects.
 Tom's Midnight Garden is a low fantasy novel for children by Philippa Pearce first published in 1958 by Oxford with illustrations by Susan Einzig. It has been reissued in print many times and also adapted for radio television the cinema and the stage. The main character Tom is a modern boy living under quarantine with his aunt and uncle in a 1950s city apartment building that was a country house during the 1880s–1890s.
 The Barbecue Bible by Steven Raichlen (1998 Workman) is the flagship title in a series of cookbooks written on grilling barbecue and other forms of outdoor cooking.
 Young Hearts Crying is the penultimate novel of American writer Richard Yates. The novel tells the story of struggling poet and artist Michael Davenport who spurns his heiress wife's offer of financial assistance choosing instead to make abortive attempts at achieving artistic success on his own terms.
 My Beautiful Mommy is a children's book written by plastic surgeon Dr. Michael Salzhauer. It is the first book ever written for children about plastic surgery and was illustrated by Victor Guiza. According to WorldCat the book is held in 20 libraries as of February 2014.
 Prince Caspian (originally published as Prince Caspian: The Return to Narnia) is a high fantasy novel for children by C. S. Lewis published by Geoffrey Bles in 1951. It was the second published of seven novels in the The Chronicles of Narnia (1950–1956) and Lewis had finished writing it in 1949 before the first book was out. It is volume four in recent editions of the series which are sequenced according to Narnia history.
 Gonzo Papers Vol. 2: Generation of Swine: Tales of Shame and Degradation in the '80s is a book by the American writer and journalist Hunter S. Thompson originally published in 1988. The book contains 100 of Thompson's columns from the San Francisco Examiner which discuss the politics and culture of the 1980s with significant coverage of the Iran-Contra Affair.He predicts that the Democrats will self-destruct in the 1988 presidential campaign.
 The Destiny of Me is a play by Larry Kramer. It focuses on Ned Weeks a character introduced in The Normal Heart as he checks into the National Institutes of Health to undergo an experimental treatment for AIDS. Much of his story is told in flashback as Ned recalls growing up as Alexander in a Jewish household where as a hardcore theatre aficionado he imitates Cornelia Otis Skinner and Mary Martin and adorns his bedroom with Broadway posters.
 Twenty-Six is the debut novel by author Leo McKay Jr. released in 2003. The book was a national bestseller in Canada and won the 2004 Dartmouth Book Award for Fiction.
 Three Little Dreams is a wordless picture book illustrated by Thomas Aquinas Maguire published in July 2010 by Simply Read Books in Vancouver Canada.
 Outside is an American magazine focused on the outdoors. The first issue was published in September 1977.
 Hulk: Gray is a comic book limited series written by Jeph Loeb and illustrated by Tim Sale. The series ran for a total of six issues which followed the early years of Bruce Banner and his problems as the Hulk. Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale also collaborated on other limited series such as: Spider-Man: Blue Daredevil: Yellow and Captain America: White. Each series like Hulk: Gray followed the early years of the different Marvel Comics heroes. Each series was highly praised.
 <Megamorphs> #2: In the Time of Dinosaurs is the second book in the <Megamorphs> series a set of companion books to the Animorphs series. With respect to continuity it takes place between book #18 The Decision and book #19 The Departure. The Megamorphs books are narrated by all six members of the Animorphs in turns but there is no specific order unlike the order of narration in the regular series.
 The Australian and New Zealand Journal of Criminology is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers criminological research. The journal was established in 1968 and is the principal journal of the Australian and New Zealand Society of Criminology.
 Three Mysteries is a collection of mystery stories by author Donald Wandrei. It was released in 2000 by F & B Mystery in an edition of 125 copies of which 100 were released in a slipcase with the limited edition of Wandrei's Frost.
 Kayar (English: Coir) is a 1978 Malayalam epic novel written by Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai. Widely considered as one of the most seminal works in Malayalam literature Kayar received many major literary awards including the Jnanpith India's highest literary honour.
 For the video game character see Ape Escape.Kakeru (カケル) is a manga created by Kenjiro Takeshita and serialized in Weekly Young Sunday. Kakeru the title character possesses supernatural powers as a result of a near death experience and consequently must use them to protect those close to him.
 The Science of Discworld is a 1999 book by novelist Terry Pratchett and popular science writers Ian Stewart and Jack Cohen. Three sequels The Science of Discworld II: The Globe The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch and The Science of Discworld IV: Judgement Day have been written by the same authors.The book alternates between a typically absurd Discworld story and serious scientific exposition after each chapter.The purpose of the book is both to entertain and educate.
 Both Flesh and Not: Essays is a 2012 collection of fifteen essays by American author David Foster Wallace. It is Wallace’s third essay collection.
 This article is about the academic journal. For the field of study see Economic botany.Economic Botany is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers all aspects of economic botany. The editor-in-chief is Robert A. Voeks (California State University Fullerton). The journal was established in 1947 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the New York Botanical Garden Press on behalf of the Society for Economic Botany.
 The Facts of Life: And Other Dirty Jokes is a memoir written by American country music singer-songwriter Willie Nelson published by Random House.
 The Beauty Queen of Leenane is a 1996 black comedy by Irish playwright Martin McDonagh which was premiered by the Druid Theatre Company in Galway Ireland.
 Five Weeks in a Balloon or Journeys and Discoveries in Africa by Three Englishmen (French: Cinq semaines en ballon) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne.It is the first Verne novel in which he perfected the ingredients of his later work skillfully mixing a plot full of adventure and twists that hold the reader's interest with passages of technical geographic and historic description.
 The American Journal of Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on physiology published by the American Physiological Society. It is one of the most prestigious such journals in the world. Vols. for 1898–1941 and 1948-56 include the Society's proceedings including abstracts of papers presented at the 10th-53rd annual meetings and the 1948-56 fall meetings.
 Taipei is a 2013 novel by Tao Lin. It is his third novel his first book in three years and his seventh book overall.
 Pseudo-City (2005) is the third book by American author D. Harlan Wilson. Referred to as a novel as often as a collection of stories -- Wilson himself has called it a story-cycle -- it contains twenty-nine irreal short stories and flash fiction that overlap and feature recurrent characters. Pieces in this collection originally appeared in magazines and journals such as Albedo one The Dream People Red Cedar Review Nemonymous Milk Magazine and Bust Down the Door and Eat All the Chickens.
 Quami Ekta (Punjabi: ਕੌਸੀ ਏਕਤਾ 'National Unity') is a California-based online newspaper and a Punjabi weekly print newspaper targeting Punjabis throughout the world. The online edition is in both Punjabi and English. The newspaper was launched in 2002 as an online newspaper and in 2004 as a weekly broadsheet print newspaper. Both the online and print edition are available free of cost.In July 2007 Quami Ekta honored Dharmendra for his contributions to the Indian cinema.
 The AAPG Bulletin is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering geosciences and associated technologies relating to the energy industry. It is an official journal of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists.
 The Good House is a novel by writer Tananarive Due.
 Blueberry is a Franco-Belgian comics western series created by the Belgian scriptwriter Jean-Michel Charlier and French comics artist Jean Mœbius Giraud. It chronicles the adventures of Mike Blueberry on his travels through the American Old West.
 The Journal of Porphyrins and Phthalocyanines (JPP) was founded in 1997 and is published by World Scientific. It covers research in the chemistry physics biology and technology of porphyrins phthalocyanines and related macrocycles. The journal also deals with the synthesis spectroscopy processing and applications of such compounds .
 Return to the Clans is an original English-language manga volume written by Erin Hunter as part of the Warriors series. It is the third and final in a trilogy following Sasha a fictional wild cat trying to learn how to live in the wild. It was released on June 9 2009. It is drawn by Don Hudson.
 Zooman Sam (1999) is a young adult novel by Lois Lowry. It is part of a series that Lowry wrote about Anastasia and her younger bother Sam.
 The Archives of Pathology & Laboratory Medicine (Arch Pathol Lab Med) is a core clinical medical journal published by the College of American Pathologists and the American Medical Association. It continues in series publications entitled the Archives of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine (1926–28) the Archives of Pathology (1928–50) the A.M.A. Archives of Pathology (1950–60) and the Archives of Pathology (1960–75).
 Autism's False Prophets: Bad Science Risky Medicine and the Search for a Cure is a 2008 book by Paul Offit a vaccine expert and chief of infectious diseases at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. The book focuses on the controversy surrounding the now discredited link between vaccines and autism.
 Salient is the weekly students' magazine of the Victoria University of Wellington Students' Association (VUWSA) at Victoria University of Wellington New Zealand. Salient was established in 1938 and originally published in newspaper format but is now published as a magazine. Salient's style and editorial position can change from year to year due to changes in editors. However the magazine has generally taken a left-wing stance.
 Behavioral and Brain Sciences is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of Open Peer Commentary established in 1978 by Stevan Harnad and published by Cambridge University Press. It is modeled on the journal Current Anthropology (which was established in 1959 by the University of Chicago anthropologist Sol Tax).The journal publishes target articles followed by 10 to 30 or more peer commentaries and the response of the authors of the target article.
 Catch Me When I Fall (2005) is a psychological thriller by Nicci French about a woman unknowingly afflicted with bipolar disorder and how this sets her life on a spiral of self-destruction as well as pitting her against a shadowy antagonist.
 The Beautiful Room Is Empty is a 1988 semi-autobiographical novel by Edmund White. It is the second of a trilogy of novels being preceded by A Boy's Own Story (1982) and followed by The Farewell Symphony (1997). It depicts the adolescence and early adulthood of its protagonist and documents his experience of homosexuality in the 1950s and 1960s ending with the Stonewall Riots of 1969.
 All Souls' Day (Dutch: Allerzielen) is a 1998 novel by the Dutch writer Cees Nooteboom. It tells the story of a Dutch documentary filmmaker who lives in Berlin and reflects with his friends on matters such as art history and national characters.
 Awake and Dreaming is a children's novel by Canadian author Kit Pearson. It was first published in 1996. The book follows an impoverished introverted nine-year-old girl named Theo Caffrey who dreams of living with a real family.
 Bellerophon (Ancient Greek: Βελλεροφῶν Bellerophōn) is an ancient Greek tragedy written by Euripides based upon the myth of Bellerophon. Most of the play was lost by the end of the Antiquity and only 90 verses grouped into 29 fragments currently survive.
 Spock Must Die! is a novel based on the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Original Series. It was published in 1970 by Bantam Books and was the first original novel for adults based on the series. The only previous works had been comic books short-story adaptations of the television episodes and the children's book Mission to Horatius.
 Timestead (German: Zeitgehöft) is a German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan published posthumously in 1976.
 Battles of the Clans is the fourth field guide in the Warriors series. It was written by Erin Hunter and released on June 1 2010.
 Sensible and Sensuality is a collection of essay by Indian feminist writer Sarojini Sahoo. Published in 2010 the book contains author’s view on feminism. Sahoo is a key figure and trend-setter of feminism in contemporary Indian literature. She has been enlisted among 25 exceptional women of India by Kindle English magazine of Kolkata.
 The Birmingham News is the principal newspaper for Birmingham Alabama United States and the largest newspaper in Alabama. The paper is owned by Advance Publications and was a daily newspaper from its founding through September 30 2012. The next day the News and its two sister Alabama newspapers the Press-Register in Mobile and The Huntsville Times moved to a thrice-weekly print-edition publication schedule (Sundays Wednesdays and Fridays).
 James Bond The Spy Who Loved Me is the official novelization of the Eon film The Spy Who Loved Me.
 Reading Like a Writer is writing guide by Francine Prose published in 2006.In this book — subtitled A Guide for People Who Love Books and for Those Who Want to Write Them — Prose shares how she developed her writing craft through writing and reading. She uses examples from literature to demonstrate how fictional elements such as character and dialogue can be mastered.
 Goodbye California is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean first published in 1977.
 Znamya (Russian: Знамя lit. The Banner) is a Russian monthly literary magazine which was established in Moscow in 1931. In 1931-1932 the magazine was published under the name of Lokaf (Локаф which was an abbreviation of Литературное объединение писателей Красной Армии и флота or Literary Association of Writers of the Red Army and Fleet).
 Fox Evil is a novel by British crime-writer Minette Walters. It won the Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger in 2003 making her one of the few writers to win the award more than once.
 No Boats on Bannermere is a 1949 children's novel by Geoffrey Trease and the first of his five Bannerdale novels. They are school stories set in Cumberland in the Lake District.
 Rock and the Pop Narcotic is a 1991 book of popular music criticism by Joe Carducci. (Revised edition 1995.)Rock and the Pop Narcotic is perhaps the only book of popular music criticism that attempts to achieve a genuine aesthetic of rock music.[citation needed] Other works such as Richard Meltzer's The Aesthetics of Rock or Simon Frith's Performing Rites: On the Value of Popular Music either focus on lyrical content or on the sociology of the music's listeners.
 Lapin Kansa is a morning newspaper published in Lapland Finland. The newspaper is based in Rovaniemi and established in 1928 As of 2010 it had a circulation of 32691. Chief editor to 2008 was Heikki Tuomi-Nikula. After Heikki Antti Kokkonen started work.
 D'Wäschfra is a satire newspaper published in Luxembourg.
 Anglo-Saxon Amulets and Curing Stones is an archaeological study of amulets talismans and curing stones in the burial record of Anglo-Saxon England. Written by the Australian archaeologist Audrey Meaney it was published by the company British Archaeological Reports as the 96th monograph in their BAR British Series.
 Daggerspell (1986) is a fantasy novel by Katharine Kerr. Her first novel it is also the first book in the Celtic themed multi-reincarnational Deverry cycle.
 Eight Days of Luke is a children's fantasy novel written by Diana Wynne Jones published in 1975. It tells the tale of a neglected English boy who encounters what prove to be figures from Norse mythology.
 Parrish is a novel by Mildred Savage. The novel was originally published in hardback by Simon & Schuster in 1958.
 Kushtrim Brezash is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Skyfall is a 2004 novel by Catherine Asaro which tells the story of how Roca met her husband Eldrinson Bard of Dalvador ruler of a province on Skyfall.The novel won Third Place Sapphire Award for Best Science Fiction Romance Novel of 2004 from the Science Fiction Romance Newsletter.
 Hammered is a science fiction novel by Elizabeth Bear first published in 2004. It won the 2006 Locus Award for Best First Novel. It is the first book of a trilogy made of Hammered Scardown and Worldwired.
 Russkoye Znamya (Russian Banner Russian: Русское знамя) — a newspaper organ of the Union of the Russian People established in Petersburg by Alexander Dubrovin on 11 December [O.S. 28 November] 1905 notoriously known for its antisemitic bias.Discontinued on 18 March [O.S. 5] 1917 by the order of Petrograd Soviet.
 Hotdog Magazine was a film magazine first published in the United Kingdom in 2000. Its publisher Highbury Entertainment claimed an average circulation of 17132 between July and December 2003. By December 2005 sales were down to 13659 and by its last edition they were thought to have fallen to just 7000.As it tended toward a cynical view of the film industry (especially Hollywood) Hotdog could have been regarded as an editorially partisan publication.
 The Same River (Estonian: Seesama jõgi) is a semi-autobiographical novel by Estonian author Jaan Kaplinski. It was first published in 2007.The book describes a summer in the early 60's in the city of Tartu from the viewpoint of an unnamed student who seeks to attain sexual and mystical knowledge. He is influenced by a Teacher a theologian and poet who is spied upon by the communist authorities.The Same River is Kaplinski's first proper novel and took almost twelve years to write.
 The International Journal of Cross Cultural Management is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of cross-cultural management. The journal's editors-in-chief are Terence Jackson (Middlesex University) and Zeynep Aycan (Koc University). It was established in 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Animal Behaviour is a double-blind peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1953 as The British Journal of Animal Behaviour before obtaining its current title in 1958. It is published monthly by Elsevier for the Association for the Study of Animal Behaviour in collaboration with the Animal Behavior Society.
 Defining Dulcie is a young adult novel. It is the first novel by author Paul Acampora.
 Wednesday the Rabbi Got Wet is a mystery novel written by Harry Kemelman in 1976 one of the Rabbi Small series.
 The Book of Tasty and Healthy Food (Книга о вкусной и здоровой пище Kniga o vkusnoi i zdorovoi pishche) is a Russian cookbook written by scientists from the Institute of Nutrition of the Academy of Medical Scientists of the USSR. The cookbook was first published in 1939 and a further edition was published in 1952.
 The Stark Munro Letters is a novel by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle first published in 1895 by Longmans Green & Co. in London England.
 The Mid Sussex Times is a local weekly paper for the region of Mid Sussex in West Sussex however also covering news from the localities of East Sussex. The two major towns served by the paper are Burgess Hill and Haywards Heath including news from and around the surrounding parishes of Cuckfield Lindfield Hassocks Chailey and as far north as Forest Row.The newspaper often coined as The Middy has been in circulation since 1881 and in 2006 celebrated its 125th anniversary.
 Mrs. Caliban is a 1982 novel by Rachel Ingalls. The plot concerns a lonely housewife who finds companionship with a character who may or may not be a figment of her imagination an amphibious biped named Larry.
 Sing Out! is a quarterly journal of folk music and folk songs that has been published since May 1950.
 The Ghost Writer (1979) is the first novel by Philip Roth to be narrated by Nathan Zuckerman one of Roth's putative fictional alter egos and constitutes the first book in his Zuckerman Bound trilogy. The novel touches on themes common to many Roth works including identity the responsibilities of authors to their subjects and the condition of Jews in America. Parts of the novel are a reprise of Anne Frank's Diary.
 The Journal of Radioanalytical and Nuclear Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It publishes original papers review papers short communications and letters on nuclear chemistry. Some of the subjects covered are nuclear chemistry radiation chemistry nuclear power plant chemistry radioanalytical chemistry and environmental radiochemistry.
 Fifty Classic Climbs Of North America is a climbing guidebook and history written by Steve Roper and Allen Steck. It is considered a definitive piece of climbing literature known to many climbers as simply The Book and has served as an inspiration for more recent climbing books such as Mark Kroese's Fifty Favorite Climbs.
 Black Beauty is an 1877 novel by English author Anna Sewell. It was composed in the last years of her life during which she remained in her house as an invalid. The novel became an immediate best-seller with Sewell dying just five months after its publication but long enough to see her only novel become a success.
 Mortal Stakes is the third Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker first published in 1975. The story centers on the Boston private eye being hired by the Red Sox to find out if their lead pitcher Marty Rabb is on the take.
 Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me (Spanish: Mañana en la batalla piensa en mí) by Javier Marías was first published in 1994. Margaret Jull Costa’s English translation was published by The Harvill Press in 1996.
 Shadows in the Dark is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published by Bantam Books in the paperback collection Conan the Swordsman in August 1978. Later paperback editions of the collection were issued by Ace Books (1987 and 1991). The first hardcover edition was published by Tor Books in 2002. The book has also been translated into Italian.
 The Woman of Endor is a 2001 fantasy novelette by Sue Isle.
 Sticky Beak is a children's novel first published in 1993. Written by English-born Australian writer Morris Gleitzman it is the sequel to Blabber Mouth. The novel is set in Australia and follows the misadventures of a mute Australian girl called Rowena Batts (or Tonto for short). Sticky Beak won the CROW award in 1994.
 Doruntine or The Ghost Rider (originally in Albanian: Kush e solli Doruntinën) is a novel by Albanian writer Ismail Kadare. It is based on the old Albanian legend of Constantin and Doruntine.
 Arsène Lupin vs. Herlock Sholmes is a collection of two adventures of Arsène Lupin written by Maurice Leblanc. These adventures feature a match of wits between Lupin and Herlock Sholmes a transparent reference to Sherlock Holmes the hero of Conan Doyle's detective stories. It follows the appearance of Arsène Lupin Gentleman Burglar in which Sherlock Holmes also makes an appearance in Sherlock Holmes Arrives Too Late.
 Daily News also known as Daily News Coverage is a widely circulated evening English newspaper published by the Jang Group of Newspapers. It is published from Karachi Pakistan. Wajid Shamsul Hasan was its editor for over two decades beginning in the 1960s.[citation needed]
 Libris Mortis: The Book of Undead is a book which is an official supplement for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game.
 The Law Quarterly Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering common law throughout the world. It is published by Sweet & Maxwell and was established in 1885. The editor-in-chief is Francis Reynolds (University of Oxford).
 International Journal of Surgical Pathology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Pathology. The journal's editor is Juan Rosai M.D. It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Gateway to Strangeness also titled Dust of Far Suns and Sail 25 is a science fiction novelette by Jack Vance. It was first published in the August 1962 edition of Amazing Stories magazine.
 GameRoom Magazine was an American magazine focusing on arcade games (pinball jukebox and video games). It was founded in 1988 by Dave C. and Donna Cooper of New Albany Indiana and was created to serve the growing market of coin-op memorabilia collectors hobbyists and restorers. The first issue dated January 1989 focused on jukeboxes.
 The Unlimited Dream Company is a novel by J. G. Ballard first published in 1979. It was nominated for the John W. Campbell Memorial Award in 1980.
 Diario de América (America's Daily) is a Spanish-language opinion journal about politics economics culture and social issues published in the United States.Its contents are updated daily with opinion pieces by columnists from Latin America Europe and the United States.It was originally founded under the name El Iberoamericano on Columbus Day 2004 and in its relatively short lifetime it has become a vehicle of opinion in several Spanish-speaking countries and among the U.S.
 Tetrabiblos (Τετράβιβλος) 'four books' also known in Greek as Apotelesmatiká (Ἀποτελεσματικά) 'effects' and in Latin as Quadripartitum 'four parts' is a text on the philosophy and practice of astrology written in the 2nd century AD by the Alexandrian scholar Claudius Ptolemy (c. AD 90–c. AD 168).
 International Abstracts in Operations Research is an official publication of the International Federation of Operational Research Societies.
 Sexual and Relationship Therapy is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal for review and debate across the spectrum of sexual and relationship dysfunctions and therapies. The journal presents original research and best practice and is a vehicle for new theory methodology and application. It is the official journal of the College of Sexual and Relationship Therapists (COSRT).
 A City in Winter is a novel by Mark Helprin first published in 1996. Though it is considered a children's novel it is mixture of war novel and a satire of bureaucracy telling the story of a 10-year-old queen's quest to regain her throne.
 Newsweek is an American weekly news magazine founded in 1933. Its print edition is available in English in the United States Pakistan Europe Middle East and Africa. It is also available in Japanese in Japan in Polish in Poland in Korean in Korea and in Spanish in Spain and all other Spanish speaking countries. It is the second-largest news weekly magazine in the U.S. having trailed Time in circulation and advertising revenue for most of its existence.
 Clear Body Clear Mind is a book published in 1990 by the Church of Scientology's publishing house Bridge Publications. It is credited to L. Ron Hubbard who died four years earlier and is largely a compilation of material he wrote in the 1960s. It is one of the canonical texts of Scientology and mainly deals with the Purification Rundown (Purif).
 The Geographische Zeitschrift (English: The Geographical Journal) is a German peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in human geography. It was established in 1895 and is now published by the Franz Steiner Verlag.
 Papa Was a Preacher is a book written by Alyene Porter and published in 1944 by Abingdon Press. It was subsequently adapted into a stage play [1] and screenplay [2].
 Socrates in Love (恋するソクラテス Koi Suru Sokuratesu) is a 2001 Japanese 206-page melodrama novel written by Kyoichi Katayama and published by Shogakukan which revolves around narrator Sakutaro Matsumoto's recollections of a school classmate whom he once loved.It's also known as Crying Out Love In the Center of the World (世界の中心で、愛をさけぶ Sekai no Chūshin de Ai o Sakebu) which author Katayama used after his editors advised that his original novel title Socrates in Love wouldn't work.
 The San Diego Reader is the largest alternative press paper in the county of San Diego distributed free in stands and private businesses throughout the county funded by advertisements. It frequently presents an opposing viewpoint to the San Diego Union Tribune the primary printed newspaper in the city.The Reader as it is commonly known was founded in 1972 by Jim Holman who attended Carleton College and was one of the original group who established the Chicago Reader.
 The King of Elfland's Daughter is a 1924 fantasy novel written by Lord Dunsany. Written before the genre was named it is retroactively considered to be among the pioneering works of modern fantasy. Its importance was recognized in its later revival in paperback by Ballantine Books as the second volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in June 1969.
 Kansas History: A Journal of the Central Plains (1978–present) is a peer-reviewed history journal that is published quarterly through the collaboration of the Kansas Historical Foundation and the Chapman Center for Rural Studies at Kansas State University. This journal covers new research on Kansas and western history. The Kansas Historical Foundation is a nonprofit corporation which provides the financial support for the Kansas Historical Society's publication of Kansas History.
 Zero was a video game magazine in the UK published monthly by Dennis Publishing Ltd. between November 1989 and October 1992. (Actual publication dates were in the preceding month as usual for UK magazines.) It won the InDin Magazine of the Year award in both 1990 and 1991 and was also briefly the best-selling multi-format 16-bit computer magazine in the UK.
 Abashiri Ikka (あばしり一家 known in the United States as The Abashiri Family) is a Japanese manga series created by Go Nagai that originally ran in the magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion. Some of its characters returned with different names as part of other series such as Cutie Honey UFO Robot Grendizer and Mazinger Angels Z among others.Some of the first stories were adapted into an original video animation by Studio Pierrot in 1991 and released in North America by ADV Films.
 Aṣṭāvakra (Hindi: अष्टावक्र) (2010) is a Hindi epic poem (Mahakavya) composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950–) in the year 2009. It consists of 864 verses in 8 cantos (sargas) of 108 verses each. The poem presents the narrative of the Ṛṣi Aṣṭāvakra which is found in the Hindu scriptures of the Rāmāyaṇa and the Mahābhārata. A copy of the epic was published by the Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University Chitrakuta Uttar Pradesh.
 Creativity is a website formerly a monthly magazine covering all things creative in advertising and design. The magazine launched in 1986 provides a showcase of the best ideas across all areas of consumer culture an exploration of the talent and techniques behind the work and insight on the people and the trends shaping brand creativity.Creativity covers the creative process from concept through execution.
 The Bellingham Herald is the only daily newspaper published in Bellingham Washington in the United States. It is currently owned by The McClatchy Company.
 The American Lawyer is a monthly law magazine published by ALM. It was founded in 1979 by Steven Brill. Features include: The annual AmLaw 100 and AmLaw 200 surveys which rank United States law firms by number of attorneys profits per partner and overall revenue The View From the Top (annual poll of law firm chairpersons) Corporate Scorecard Law.com the website of The American Lawyer publishes daily headline news of the legal business around the world.
 The Day the Leader was Killed (orig. Arabic يوم مقتل الزعيم) is a novel written and published by Nobel Prize-winning author Naguib Mahfouz in 1983.
 The Life of John Maynard Keynes is a non-fiction work by Roy Harrod about the life of John Maynard Keynes. It was first published in 1951. A paperback edition was published in 1983. The paperback edition of Harrod’s authorized biography of Keynes runs 708 pages. According to the preface of the book Harrod was solicited by Keynes’s younger brother the scholar Geoffrey Keynes to write the biography and thus had full access to Keynes' personal papers and his family.
 Not to be confused with A Taste for Death (Modesty Blaise)A Taste for Death is a crime novel by British writer P. D. James seventh in the popular Commander Adam Dalgliesh series. The novel won the Silver Dagger in 1986 losing out on the Gold to Ruth Rendell's Live Flesh. It has been adapted for television and radio.
 Thought: Fordham University Quarterly was a peer-reviewed academic journal that published articles and reviews on a broad range of topics in the Catholic tradition. The journal was established in 1926 at the America Press and moved to Fordham University in 1937. It continued to publish at Fordham until 1992.
 Black Colossus is a 1979 collection of two fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 1979 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. as volume IX of their deluxe Conan set. The stories originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 Master Zacharius or the clockmaker who lost his soul (French: Maître Zacharius ou l’horloger qui avait perdu son âme) is an 1854 short story by Jules Verne. The story an intensely Romantic fantasy echoing the works of E. T. A. Hoffmann is a Faustian tragedy about an inventor whose overpowering pride leads to his downfall.
 What Young India Wants is the only non-fiction book by Chetan Bhagat author of five novels. It is a compilation of his speeches and essays. It has various topics ranging from Indian society Indian politics and young Indians. The book received positive reviews from critics.[citation needed] The book revolves around Bhagat's thoughts and innovations on how to improve the Indian economy through social reforms.
 The Outlaw (1871; Swedish Den fredlöse) is a one-act play by Swedish playwright August Strindberg written when he was a 22 year old struggling University student who had yet to become a successful author. The story is based on old Viking sagas for which to prepare Strindberg taught himself Icelandic to read the old sagas.
 Sandesh (Gujarati: સંદેશ) is a leading daily newspaper in Gujarat. It is published in Gujarati and was founded in 1923.
 The Communist Manifesto (Das Kommunistische Manifest) originally titled Manifesto of the Communist Party (German: Manifest der Kommunistischen Partei) is a short 1848 publication written by the political theorists Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels. It has since been recognized as one of the world's most influential political manuscripts. Commissioned by the Communist League it laid out the League's purposes and program.
 The Tragedy of Arthur (2011) is an acclaimed novel written by Minnesotan writer Arthur Phillips author of Prague and The Song is You. The novel takes the form of an introduction to a recently discovered play by William Shakespeare. This introduction also serves as a memoir of the book's protagonist - also named Arthur Phillips - as he tells the story of his family and their connection to this apocryphal Shakespearean text.
 The Selection is a 2012 young adult novel by Kiera Cass and the first book in a projected trilogy. The book was first published on April 24 2012 through HarperTeen and was optioned for a potential television series through the CW but was not picked up.
 The September Society by Charles Finch is the mystery set in Oxford and London England in autumn 1866 during the Victorian era. It is the second novel in a series featuring gentleman and amateur detective Charles Lenox.
 Point Blanc is the second book in the Alex Rider series written by British author Anthony Horowitz. The book was released in the United Kingdom on September 3 2001 and in North America on April 15 2002 under the alternate title Point Blank.In 2003 the novel was listed on the BBC's survey The Big Read. In 2007 it was adapted into a graphic novel written by Antony Johnston and illustrated by Kanako Damerum and Yuzuru Takasaki.
 A Country Doctor is a fiction novel by American author Sarah Orne Jewett. The book which was first published in 1884 was based on the relationship between Jewett and her physician father. The main character of A Country Doctor Nan is a young woman that encounters much strife when she decides to go against the traditional values of the day and become a doctor.
 Computational Science & Discovery (CSD) is an international multidisciplinary peer-reviewed journal focused on scientific advances and discovery through computational science in physics chemistry biology and applied science. It includes specific details of the enabling technologies used—for example in data management networking and visualization—that make the scientific advances possible.The editor-in-chief is Nathan A Baker at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory WA USA.
 I am Charlotte Simmons is a 2004 novel by Tom Wolfe concerning sexual and status relationships at the fictional Dupont University. Wolfe researched the novel by talking to students at North Carolina Florida Penn Duke Stanford and Michigan.
 Monthly Comic Avarus (月刊コミックアヴァルス Gekkan Komikku Avarusu) is a Japanese shōjo manga (for girls) magazine published by Mag Garden. The first issue was released on September 15 2007 which replaced Comic Blade Masamune a few months ago after ending publication. The magazine was formerly titled Monthly Comic Blade Avarus before it was renamed in September 2010.
 Angela's Kitchen is an Australian play by Paul Capsis Hilary Bell and Julian Meyrick. published by Currency Press in 2012. It won the Best New Australian Work at the 12th Helpmann Awards.
 The Lions of Lucerne is a spy novel published in 2002 and written by American novelist Brad Thor.
 Spider-Man and Zoids was a comic book series by Marvel UK that was a tie-in with the toys of the same name. The comics anthology included reprints of Spider-Man stories and an original series of Zoids tales. (The latter has no continuity with the anime Zoids and it was created to go along with the original UK—and subsequent Australian—model kit releases.) Spider-Man and Zoids is notable for featuring early work by Grant Morrison including the epic and apocalyptic Black Zoid storyline.
 Comet (1985) is a popular-science book by Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan. It describes the scientific nature of comets as well as their varying roles and perceptions throughout history. The evolution of human understanding of comets is also detailed and thinkers and astronomers such as Edmond Halley Immanuel Kant and William Huggins are discussed.The publication of the book was months ahead of the 1986 appearance of Halley's Comet.
 Children & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research relating to children and young people. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Children's Bureau.
 Juloos is a novel by acclaimed Hindi writer Phanishwar Nath Renu. It was first published by Bharatiya Jnanpith in 1966. Juloos is a novel based on the change in the social paradigm of Goriyar village in Bihar when a group of Bengali Hindus arrive from East Pakistan to live in a colony.
 Bangalore Mirror is a daily English-language newspaper published in Bangalore India.
 Humulus le muet is a play by French dramatist Jean Anouilh.
 A Treatise of Human Nature is a book by Scottish philosopher David Hume first published at the end of 1738.The full title of the Treatise is 'A Treatise of Human Nature: Being an Attempt to Introduce the Experimental Method of Reasoning into Moral Subjects'. It contains the following sections: Book 1: Of the Understanding – An investigation into human cognition. Important statements of Skepticism. Book 2: Of the Passions – A treatment of emotions and free will.
 Two Fables is a collection of two short stories by Roald Dahl first published in 1986 by Penguin in London and Farrar Straus & Giroux in the USA.It contains the following two stories: Princess and the PoacherPrincess Mammalia
 Etymological dictionary of Slavic languages. Proto-Slavic lexical stock (Russian: Этимологический словарь славянских языков. Праславянский лексический фонд abbreviated ESSJa) is an etymological dictionary of the reconstructed Proto-Slavic lexicon. It has been continuously published since 1974 until present in 38 volumes.
 NASSP Bulletin is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of education administration. The editor-in-chief is Pamela Salazar (University of Nevada). It was established in 1917 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
 Owning an Electric Car (ISBN 978-1-907670-01-5) is a yearbook by eco-technology author Michael Boxwell with foreword written by British motoring journalist and former Top Gear presenter Quentin Willson.The book describes the realities of owning an electric car on a day by day basis.
 Young Lonigan is a 1932 novel by James T. Farrell. It is the first part of a trilogy about William Studs Lonigan a young Irish-American growing up in Chicago.
 Canyon News is an English-language weekly newspaper published in Beverly Hills California. It is distributed internationally and is published in conjunction with the San Francisco News. Named for its location and coverage area Canyon News serves Bel Air Benedict Canyon Beverly Hills Brentwood Laurel Canyon Los Feliz Malibu Pacific Palisades Melrose Santa Monica Sherman Oaks Studio City Topanga Canyon Westwood and Hollywood Hills.
 The Big Snow is a book by Berta and Elmer Hader. Released by Macmillan Publishers it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1949.
 The Dreamstone is a 1983 fantasy novel by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It includes revisions of the author's 1979 short story The Dreamstone (Amazons! ed. Jessica Amanda Salmonson) and her 1981 novella Ealdwood plus additional material. The book is the first of two novels in Cherryh's Ealdwood Stories series the second being The Tree of Swords and Jewels.
 Acta Ornithologica is an ornithological scientific periodical published in Poland (two issues per year) by the Polish Academy of Sciences. It is in English with summaries in Polish. It was established in 1933 as Acta Ornithologica Musei Zoologici Polonici and obtained its current name in 1953.
 Leadership (published October 1 2002 ISBN 0-7868-6841-4) is a book written by Rudolph W. Giuliani (co-authored with Ken Kurson) about his time as Mayor of New York City and how he cleaned up New York City reduced crime and revitalized the economy of the city.
 Another Kind is the first collection of short stories by science fiction writer Chad Oliver. It was issued in hardcover and paperback by Ballantine Books in 1955 and a German translation was issued in 1965.
 Skybreaker sequel to Airborn is a fantasy novel for young adults and adolescents written by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel. It continues the adventures of young airship student Matt Cruse and Kate de Vries a would-be scientist.
 The Conservationist is a 1974 novel by the South African writer Nadine Gordimer. The book was a joint winner of the Man Booker Prize for fiction.
 Snows of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 949) in April 1994.
 Awraq newspaper is a newspaper based in Dubai Media City. It is part of the AMG group. It was launched in October 2005.
 That Rabbit Belongs to Emily Brown is a children's picture book written by Cressida Cowell and illustrated by Neal Layton published in 2006. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award as well as being shortlisted for the Booktrust Early Years Awards and longlisted for the Kate Greenaway Medal.
 The Sleeping Mountain is an adventure novel by English author John Harris.
 Big Wheels: A Tale of the Laundry Game (Milkman #2) is a short story by Stephen King first published in the 1980 anthology New Terrors edited by Ramsey Campbell and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 The Disaster Area is a collection of short stories by British author J. G. Ballard.
 Needle in the Groove is a 1999 novel by Jeff Noon. A music/spoken word CD was released on the same day as the book.It tells its story through the eyes of Elliot a young twenty-something bassist as he finds himself playing bass for Glam Damage a new DJ-based band who are experimenting with a new recording technology - a weird liquid/drug that remixes music when shaken.
 Junketsu no Maria Sorcière de gré pucelle de force (純潔のマリア Sorcière de gré pucelle de force) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masayuki Ishikawa. It will be adapted into an anime.
 Environmental Research Letters is a quarterly open-access electronic-only peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in all aspects of environmental science. It is produced by IOP Publishing. Numerical modelling or simulation as well as theoretical and experimental approaches to environmental science form the core content.
 eLearning Journal of UAE is an annual publication UAE Journal of Educational Technology and eLearning for educators in the Middle East and Gulf Region. The objective of the journal is to provide a platform for UAE educators to share their experiences strategies and research findings in the areas of Educational Technology and eLearning.
 The Meadville Tribune is a seven-day morning daily newspaper published in Meadville Pennsylvania and covering Crawford County. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 Ikki Tousen (一騎当千 Ikkitōsen lit. Strength of a Thousand) known in North America as Battle Vixens is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuji Shiozaki based on the classic Chinese novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms. The series revolves around an all-out turf war in the Kanto region of Japan where fighters known as Tōshi (闘士 meaning fighting soldier) from seven schools battle for supremacy.
 Arrow of God is a 1964 novel by Chinua Achebe his second novel after Things Fall Apart. These two books along with the final book No Longer at Ease are sometimes called The African Trilogy as they share similar settings and themes.
 Where There Is No Doctor: A village health care handbook is the most widely used health education book in tropical and sub-tropical developing countries. Based on David Werner's experiences at his Project Piaxtla in western Mexico it was originally written in 1970 in Spanish as Donde No Hay Doctor. It has since been revised multiple times has sold over one million copies and been translated into over 100 languages.
 The Living is American author Annie Dillard's first novel a historical fiction account of European settlers and a group of Lummi natives in late 19th century Washington published in 1992.
 A Guide to Heritage of Hyderabad: The Natural and the Built is a book on the heritage structures and buildings located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It is written by Madhu Vottery. The book contains all the heritage structures and building like the Charminar Golconda Qutb Shahi Tombs Chowmahalla Palace etc.
 Journal of Men Masculinities and Spirituality (JMMS) is a free online scholarly peer-reviewed interdisciplinary open access journal about men's studies. JMMS was established 2007 and is published twice a year with provision for other special editions. JMMS was founded by Joseph Gelfer who remains the executive editor.
 The Fleet Street Murders by Charles Finch is the mystery set in London and in northern England in 1867 during the Victorian era. It is the third novel in the Charles Lenox series.
 Zanesville is a science fiction novel written by Kris Saknussemm and published by Villard Books an imprint of Random House in 2005.
 Night Over Taos was a 1932 Broadway three act drama written by Maxwell Andersonproduced by the Group Theatre and staged by Lee Strasberg. It was the Group Theatre'sthird production. It ran for 13 performances from March 9 1936 closing that month at the 48th Street Theatre.It was revived off Broadway in 2007 directed by Estelle Parsons.
 Beyond the Black River is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine v. 25 nos. 5-6 May-June 1935. The story was republished in the collections King Conan (Gnome Press 1953) and Conan the Warrior (Lancer Books 1967).
 Tales of Dunk and Egg is a series of fantasy novellas by George R. R. Martin set in the world of his A Song of Ice and Fire novels.
 Watch and Ward is a short novel by Henry James first published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1871 and later as a book in 1878. This was James' first attempt at a novel though he virtually disowned the book later in life. James was still in his apprentice stage as a writer and Watch and Ward shows predictable immaturity.
 Clinical and Applied Thrombosis/Hemostasis is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in the field of hematology. The editor-in-chief is Russell D. Hull. It was established in 1995 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Nome Nugget is a weekly newspaper published in Nome Alaska. It is Alaska's oldest newspaper established 1900.
 Cracked was an American humor magazine. Founded in 1958 Cracked proved to be the most durable of the many publications to be launched in the wake of Mad magazine.In print Cracked conspicuously copied Mad's layouts and style and even featured a simpleminded wide-cheeked mascot named Sylvester P. Smythe on its covers (see Alfred E. Neuman). The Smythe character was referred to as Cracked's janitor.
 Akhbar Al Adab (Arabic: أخبار الأدب‎; Cultural News in English) is an Arabic weekly literary magazine which is published by state-run Akhbar Al Yawm publishing house.
 The Journal of International Business Studies is a double blind peer-reviewed academic journal and the official publication of the Academy of International Business. It is published by Palgrave Macmillan and covers research on international business. The journal was established in 1970 and is edited by John Cantwell (Rutgers University).
 Neo Gōmanism Manifesto Special - On Taiwan (新・ゴーマニズム宣言SPECIAL 台湾論 Shin Gōmanism Sengen Supesharu - Taiwan Ron) is a manga authored by Yoshinori Kobayashi published by Shogakukan in November 2000. A Chinese version was published in Taiwan by Avanguard Publishing in February 2001 sparking controversy and even a ban on travel on the author by Taiwan immigration officials.
 Smiling Bears: A Zookeeper Explores the Behavior and Emotional Life of Bears is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Else Poulsen first published in May 2009 by Greystone Books. In the book the author chronicles her insights gleaned as a zookeeper responsible for rehabilitating bears in crisis. Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson called Smiling Bears An inspiring trip into the minds and reality of bears.
 Star Dust is a collection of poetry by Frank Bidart first published in book form by Farrar Straus and Giroux in 2005. The book was a 2005 National Book Award Finalist for Poetry.The book is split into two sections. The first section Music Like Dirt is a sequence of poems that became the first chapbook to ever be nominated for the Pulitzer Prize when it was originally published in 2002.
 The Invincible (Polish: Niezwyciężony) is a science fiction novel written by Stanisław Lem and published in 1964.The Invincible originally appeared as the title story in Lem's collection Niezwyciężony i inne opowiadania (The Invincible and Other Stories).
 Kushiel's Mercy is the final novel in Kushiel's Legacy by Jacqueline Carey. It is the sequel to Kushiel's Justice. Kushiel's Justice follows Kushiel's Scion which makes Kushiel's Mercy the sixth book in the series or the third book in the series dubbed the Imriel Trilogy.
 Ship Breaker is a 2010 young adult novel by Paolo Bacigalupi set in a dystopian future. It was a finalist for the 2010 National Book Award for Young People's Literature and won the 2011 Michael L. Printz Award and the Locus Award for Best Young Adult Book. It was also a nominee for the 2010 Andre Norton Award for Young Adult Science Fiction and Fantasy and was listed on American Library Association's Young Adult Library Services Association list: 2011 Top Ten Best Fiction for Young Adults list.
 The Drowning Pool is a 1950 mystery novel written by Ross Macdonald his second book in the series revolving around the cases of private detective Lew Archer.
 On reading as true travel (De la lecture comme seul voyage was the original title of this essay written in French) by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Menuet za kitaro is a novel by Slovenian author Vitomil Zupan. It was first published in 1975.
 Octopus Girl (戦慄!!タコ少女 Senritsu!! Tako Shōjo Shudder!! Octopus Girl) is a horror manga written and illustrated by Toru Yamazaki (山咲 トオル Yamazaki Tooru). It made its first appearance in the 1990s as a feature for Palace of Fear before its commercial release on the Leed Publishing Co. label.
 Makor Rishon (Hebrew: מָקוֹר רִאשׁוֹן primary source) is an Israeli daily newspaper identified with conservative national and religious values.It is published in Jerusalem; most of its readership is made up of paying subscribers. During the week Makor Rishon is published in tabloid format.
 The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction (later Fantasy & Science Fiction and usually referred to as just F&SF) is a digest-size American fantasy and science fiction magazine first published in 1949 by Mystery House and then by Fantasy House. Both were subsidiaries of Lawrence Spivak's Mercury Publications which took over as publisher in 1958. Spilogale Inc. has published the magazine since 2001. Since the April/May 2009 issue it is published bimonthly with 256 pages per issue.
 Elect Mr. Robinson for a Better World is a 1993 novel by American author Donald Antrim. It is Antrim's first published novel. The novel depicts the grisly and occasionally surreal misadventures of a downsized schoolteacher Pete Robinsion in a vaguely post-apocalyptic America.
 The Book of Ptath is a science fiction novel by author A. E. van Vogt. It was first published in book form in 1947 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 3021 copies. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Unknown in October 1943. The book has also appeared under the titles Two Hundred Million A.D. and Ptath.
 Illusions (also released as Wild) is the third book in the New York Times best-selling Wings series by Aprilynne Pike. It follows Pike's #1 New York Times best-selling debut Wings which introduced readers to Laurel Sewell a faerie sent among humans to guard the gateway to Avalon and the direct sequel Spells.
 The Official Preppy Handbook (1980) is a tongue-in-cheek humor reference guide edited by Lisa Birnbach written by Jonathan Roberts Carol McD. Wallace Mason Wiley and Birnbach. It discusses an aspect of North American culture described as prepdom. In addition to insights on prep school and university life at socially acceptable schools it illuminates many aspects of upper-class old money WASP society.
 Nutrients is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing reviews regular research papers and short communications on all aspects of nutrition. It was established in 2009 and is published by MDPI. The editor-in-chief is Peter Howe.
 Nautch Girls of India: Dancers Singers Playmates is a 1996 coffee table book by Pran Nevile based on the lives of nautch girls.
 Saucer Country is a discontinued UFO mythology comic book series written by Paul Cornell and drawn by Ryan Kelly published by Vertigo in 2012 and 2013. The series is about a US presidential candidate Governor Alvarado who has come to believe she may have been abducted by aliens. The series began publication in March 2012 The series is a blend of a political environment and stories of aliens and UFOs.
 Body Double is a 2004 novel written by Tess Gerritsen the fourth book of the Maura Isles/Jane Rizzoli series.
 The Classic MotorCycle is a UK motorcycle magazine originally launched in 1981 with six editions a year as a spin-off from UK newspaper-format Motor Cycle Weekly under Editor-in-Chief Mick Woollett at IPC Surrey House Sutton Surrey.Editor and driving-force Bob Currie based at Lynton House Birmingham was historically a senior contributor in the 1960s to Motor Cycle (renamed from The Motor Cycle) with the title of Midland Editor and during the 1970s with the same publication by then using the name Motor Cycle Weekly.Having well-established archival links to The Motor Cycle which itself had origins back to 1903 the first edition was dated June/July 1981.As had occurred with (The) Motor Cycle The Classic Motor Cycle title changed hands several times being originally published by IPC Business Press between 1981 and 1983 then by East Midland Allied Press (EMAP) from 1984. 
 The Nashville Banner is a defunct daily newspaper of Nashville Tennessee United States which published from April 10 1876 until February 20 1998.
 The Floating Light Bulb is a 1981 Broadway play by Woody Allen. Semi-autobiographical it focuses on a lower middle class family living in Canarsie Brooklyn in 1945.
 Carcase for Hounds is a novel by Kenyan writer Meja Mwangi first published in 1974. The novel concerns the Mau Mau liberation struggle during the latter days of British colonial rule and attempts by the actions of the main protagonists to show how Mau Mau was organized and why it took so long for the colonial government to defeat them.
 Dracula Lives! was an American black-and-white horror comic magazine series published by Marvel Comics in the mid-1970s. Dracula Lives! published 13 issues and one reprint annual featuring Dracula stories.Running concurrently with the longer-running Marvel comic Tomb of Dracula the continuities of the two titles occasionally overlapped with storylines weaving between the two. Most of the time however the stories in Dracula Lives! were stand-alone tales by various creative teams.
 The International Free and Open Source Software Law Review (also known as 'IFOSS L. Rev.' 'IFOSSLR' or 'IFOSS L. R.') is an English language law review focusing on Free and open source software.
 Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics written by Jane Jacobs in 1992 describes two fundamental and distinct ethical systems or syndromes as she calls them that of the Guardian and that of Commerce. They supply direction for the conduct of human life within societies. Understanding the tension between them can help us with public policy and personal choices.
 Electronic Games was the first dedicated video game magazine published in the United States and ran from October 1981 to 1997 under different titles. It was co-founded by Bill Kunkel and Arnie Katz and is unrelated to the subsequent Electronic Gaming Monthly.
 Evernight is a 2008 fiction young adult novel by Claudia Gray. It is the first novel in the Evernight series. It is followed by Stargazer released March 24 2009; Hourglass released March 15 2010; and the final installment Afterlife released March 3 2011. Another book in the series Balthazar features one of the main characters Balthazar. This series is recommended to people between the ages of 14 to 18.
 Pittsburgh Quarterly is the premier magazine for editorial quality in Western Pennsylvania.[citation needed] In concert with its tagline Where Commerce & Culture Meet Pittsburgh Quarterly is a combination of stories photography and illustration about the most interesting and timely issues in Greater Pittsburgh from the Marcelluls Shale to the Regional Indicators at Pittsburghtoday.org to book reviews and cultural stories to sports and outdoors.For five years in a row—2006–2011—Pittsburgh Quarterly has been judged the best magazine in the 29 counties of Western Pennsylvania according to annual Golden Quill Awards sponsored by the Press Club of Western Pa. 
 The Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published quarterly by the American Statistical Association. Established in 1992 the journal covers the use of computational and graphical methods in statistics and data analysis. The scope includes numerical methods graphical displays and methods and perception. It is published jointly with the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Interface Foundation of North America.
 So Yesterday is a novel by Scott Westerfeld published in 2004. It has won a Victorian Premier's Award and is also an ALA Best Book for Young Adults. So Yesterday the author's third publication is considered his breakout novel and has been optioned to be made into a film by one of the producers of Fahrenheit 451 and Bowling for Columbine. This YA novel explores issues surrounding marketing especially marketing targeted at youth.
 Hispania is a peer-reviewed academic journal and the official journal of the American Association of Teachers of Spanish and Portuguese. It is published quarterly by the AATSP and covers Spanish and Portuguese literature linguistics and pedagogy.
 Ullern Avis / Akersposten is a free weekly local newspaper serving Western Oslo Norway. It had a circulation of 2677 (2002). The newspaper is owned by Edda Media and Editor-in-Chief is Ivar Brynildsen who is also responsible for eight other local newspapers in Oslo. Until 2007 the newspaper was owned by Orkla Media (50%) and Asker og Bærum Budstikke (50%).
 The Catholic Transcript is a monthly newspaper of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford Connecticut serving Hartford New Haven and Litchfield Counties. It is the largest catholic newspaper in Connecticut.
 'GamePlan' is a 2001 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn the first in a trilogy of plays called Damsels in Distress (FlatSpin and RolePlay being parts two and three.) The darkest of the three plays it is about a teenage girl who tries to support herself and her mother through prostitution.
 Cryoburn is a science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold first published in October 2010. Part of the Vorkosigan Saga it was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2011 as Bujold's ninth Best Novel nomination. Also in 2011 it was one of the top five finishers in the poll for the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
 Physics and Chemistry of Liquids is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes experimental and theoretical research articles focused on the science of the liquid state. The editors-in-chief are N. H. March and G. G. N. Angilella. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.603.
 Hellblazer Special: Bad Blood was a comic book limited series published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics in 2000. It was written by Jamie Delano and illustrated by Philip Bond and features the character John Constantine albeit several decades after most of his series continuity.
 The Bougainville Photoplay Project is a verbatim play by Paul Dwyer and Version 1.0. It is published by Currency Press.
 The Psychology of The Simpsons: D'oh! is a non-fiction book analyzing psychology themes in the television series The Simpsons. It contains content from several contributors including psychologists counselors and school therapists. The book was edited by Alan S. Brown Ph.D. and Chris Logan and was published on March 1 2006 by BenBella Books. It has received praise from reviewers.
 T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents is a fictional team of superheroes that appeared in comic books originally published by Tower Comics in the 1960s. They were an arm of the United Nations and were notable for their depiction of the heroes as everyday people whose heroic careers were merely their day jobs. The series was also notable for featuring some of the better artists of the day such as Wally Wood. The team first appeared in T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents #1 (cover-dated Nov. 1965).
 Another Roadside Attraction is the first novel by Tom Robbins published in 1971 which initiated what has grown to be considered his cult following.
 The Death of Bees is a 2013 debut novel by Lisa O’Donnell. The book was published on January 2 2013 in the United Kingdom and United States by Windmill Books. Told through multiple viewpoints The Death of Bees focuses on how the death of two local drug addicts affects their children and those around them. The novel won the 2013 Commonwealth Book Prize (Canada and Europe region).
 Theory and Event is an electronic academic journal established in 1997 and covering contemporary questions in political theory particularly those related to sovereignty territory government identity and the politics of representation including elections consumerism and high and popular culture. It includes essays as well as other forms of writing less typical of the discipline.The current editors are Davide Panagia (Trent University) and Jodi Dean (Hobart and William Smith Colleges).
 A Profitable Position (Dokhodnoye mesto Доходное место) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky. It was first published in #1 January 1857 issue of Russkaya Beseda and came out as a separate edition later that year. It was banned from being produced on Imperial theatre stage and was premiered only six years later on September 27 1863 in Saint Petersburg's Alexandrinsky Theatre as a benefice of actress Elizaveta Levkeeva.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighteenth Annual Collection (ISBN 0-312-27465-3) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2001. It is the 18th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series and won a 2002 Locus Award for best anthology.
 Revolt in 2100 is a 1953 collection by Robert A.
 The History of Tom Jones a Foundling often known simply as Tom Jones is a comic novel by the English playwright and novelist Henry Fielding. The novel is both a Bildungsroman and Picaresque novel. First published on 28 February 1749 Tom Jones is among the earliest English prose works describable as a novel and is the earliest novel mentioned by W. Somerset Maugham in his 1948 book Great Novelists and Their Novels among the ten best novels of the world.
 Sunday Simmons & Charlie Brick was the third novel from English novelist Jackie Collins published in 1971 by W.H. Allen. It was retitled The Hollywood Zoo in 1975 and then as Sinners in 1984. This would be Collins' first novel set in Los Angeles (the previous two had been set in London) and also the first one that centred around the lives and loves of film stars. The character of Charlie Brick was said to be based on actor comedian Peter Sellers a close friend of Collins' at the time.
 Days of Despair by Rajiva Wijesinha is a darker sequel to the author's political comedy Acts of Faith which came out in the early years of the racial and political strife in Sri Lanka.
 The Third Industrial Revolution; How Lateral Power is Transforming Energy the Economy and the World is a book by Jeremy Rifkin published in 2011. The premise of the book is that fundamental economic change occurs when new communication technologies converge with new energy regimes.
 Kill Your Darlings is a quarterly Australian literary magazine that was established in March 2010 with a mission of reinvigorating and re-energising this medium – to shake it up if you like and publish literature that bites back. It publishes critical articles fiction and reviews. The editor-in-chief is Rebecca Starford.
 Totality and Infinity: An Essay on Exteriority (French: Totalité et Infini: essai sur l'extériorité) is a work of philosophy by Emmanuel Levinas. It is one of his early works highly influenced by phenomenology.
 Select Conversations with an Uncle published in 1895 was H.G. Wells's first literary publication in book form. It consists of reports of twelve conversations between a fictional witty uncle who has returned to London from South Africa with a certain affluence as well as two other conversations (one on aestheticism that takes place in a train entitled A Misunderstood Artist and another on physiognomy entitled The Man with a Nose).
 Into the Wild is a 1996 non-fiction book written by Jon Krakauer. It is an expansion of Krakauer's 9000-word article on Christopher McCandless titled Death of an Innocent which appeared in the January 1993 issue of Outside. The book was adapted to film in 2007 directed by Sean Penn with Emile Hirsch starring as McCandless.
 The Giver is a 1993 USA children's novel by Lois Lowry. It is set in a society which is at first presented as a utopian society and gradually appears more and more dystopian. The novel follows a boy named Jonas through the thirteenth year of his life.
 The Complete TurtleTrader: How 23 Novice Investors Became Overnight Millionaires (2009) is an international bestseller written by Michael Covel. Covel recounts the story of Wall Street’s Richard Dennis and his disciples the Turtles.
 The Film Daily was a daily publication that existed from 1915 to 1970 in the United States. For 55 years Film Daily was the main source of news on the film and television industries. It covered the latest trade news film reviews financial updates information on court cases and union difficulties and equipment breakthroughs.
 Daisuki is a German manga anthology for girls published by Carlsen Verlag. Carlsen began publishing Daisuki in January 2003.
 The Clue of the Hissing Serpent is Volume 53 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Andrew E. Svenson in 1974.
 Ipaghiganti Mo Ako...! (Avenge Me…!) is a 1914 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist and dramatist Precioso Palma. The 207-page book was published in Manila by Limbagang Banahaw during the American era in Philippine history (1898-1946). The 1914 version of the novel has an afterword written by Julian C. Balmaceda.
 A Vicious Circle (1996) is a novel by Amanda Craig which dissects and satirizes contemporary British society. In particular it describes the world of publishing—its aspiring young authors busy agents and opportunist literary critics. However A Vicious Circle is also about falling in and out of love marriage bringing up children class consciousness poverty and the sad state of hospitals and the medical profession in Britain.
 The Time: Night (Russian: Время ночь) is a novella by Russian author Lyudmila Petrushevskaya. It was originally published in Russian in the literary journal Novy Mir in 1992 and translated into English by Sally Laird in 1994. In 1992 it was shortlisted for the Russian Booker Prize.
 Miss Yesterday is a 2004 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It was like My Sister Sadie shown the previous year billed as a family play in the Stephen Joseph Theatre's Christmas production. It is about a teenage girl who is sent back in time one day to prevent the death of her older brother in a motorcycle accident.Though still unpublished the play was performed by amateurs in the studio of the York Theatre Royal in March 2012.
 Digimon Fusion known in Japan as Digimon Xros Wars (デジモンクロスウォーズ Dejimon Kurosu Wōzu pronounced Cross Wars) and in Malaysia as Digimon Fusion Battles is the sixth anime children television series in the Digimon franchise by Akiyoshi Hongō produced by Toei Animation. It follows a boy named Taiki Kudō (Mikey Kudou in the English dub) who utilizes the power of joining together Digimon in order to save the Digital World.
 Flora Iberica: Plantas vasculares de la Península Ibérica e Islas Baleares is a Spanish scientific journal specializing in botany. It was established in 1980. It is published by the Real Jardín Botánico de Madrid.
 The Book of Fours is an original novel based on the American television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Cabal is a novel by Michael Dibdin and the third entry in the Aurelio Zen series. When one dark night in November Prince Ludovico Ruspanti fell a hundred and fifty feet to his death in the chapel at St. Peter's Rome there were a number of questions to be answered. The answer the Vatican housekeepers want is rubber-stamped suicide. Zen whose bad luck it is to be on call that night is keen to oblige and return to his girlfriend's bed.
 Metronome Magazine (or Metronome) was a music-guide magazine published from 1881 until 1961.The magazine in its early years catered for musicians in marching and then dance bands but from the swing era Metronome focused primarily on the genre of Jazz music appealing to fans. During the 1940s the cover title was displayed as Metronome (in a cursive script-style font) with the subtitle words BANDS · RECORDS · RADIO(see Metronome logo image under References).
 Ipirotikos Agon (Epirot Struggle) (Greek: Ηπειρωτικός Αγών) is one of the oldest newspapers published in Greece. Its headquarters are in Ioannina Epirus.
 The Aspern Papers is a novella written by Henry James originally published in The Atlantic Monthly in 1888 with its first book publication later in the same year. One of James' best-known and most acclaimed longer tales The Aspern Papers is based on the letters Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote to Mary Shelley's step sister Claire Clairmont who saved them until she died.
 The Lithic Studies Society (LSS) was founded in 1979 to advance knowledge of and education and research in lithic studies. The Society's members have diverse interests spanning Palaeolithic to historic periods across many areas of the world. The Society provides a convivial forum for the exchange of ideas and information and produces. It regularly holds lectures day meetings conferences and field trips publishes an annual peer-reviewed journal (Lithics) and occasional thematic volumes.
 Human Ecology: An Interdisciplinary Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on human ecology. It was established in 1972. The editor-in-chief is Daniel G. Bates (City University of New York).
 X-Men: First Class is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics starring the original X-Men.
 The Prager Zeitung is a German newspaper in the Czech Republic issued weekly in Prague.
 Damn Nation is a three-issue horror comic book mini-series published by Dark Horse Comics in 2005 and written by Andrew Cosby with artwork from Jason Shawn Alexander.
 Yozakura Quartet (夜桜四重奏 ～ヨザクラカルテット～ Yozakura Karutetto) is a Japanese manga created by Suzuhito Yasuda that began publishing by Kodansha in 2006 and was then published in the US by Del Rey in 2008. The series was animated in Japan and aired from October 2 to December 18 2008; it comprises 12 episodes all of which have aired. The anime was produced by Nomad and aired on TBS on Thursdays.
 Abduction! by Peg Kehret is a novel about a 13 year old girl named Bonnie who searches for her brother Matt and their dog Pookie who were both abducted. Who then later find out that it was their father Denny who abducted them.
 Wiseguy: Life in a Mafia Family (ISBN 0-671-44734-3) is a 1986 non-fiction book by crime reporter Nicholas Pileggi that chronicles the story of Mafia mobster-turned-informant Henry Hill. The book is the basis for the 1990 Academy Award winning film Goodfellas directed by Martin Scorsese.
 Flight of the Intruder is a novel written by Stephen Coonts in 1986 telling the stories of United States Navy aviators flying the A-6 Intruder – a two man all-weather aircraft carrier based strike aircraft on missions during the Vietnam War. The main character is Jake Cool Hand Grafton a naval aviator who appears in a series of sequels.
 Murder Mysteries is a fantasy short story by Neil Gaiman later collected in his collection Smoke and Mirrors.
 Periwinkle at the Full Moon Ball (French: Le premier bal d'Agaric Passiflore) is the first book in the Beechwood Bunny Tales series. It was originally published by France's Éditions Milan in 1987 and in the United States by Gareth Stevens in 1991. In its native country the book won the Prix Saint-Exupéry for 1988 and the Prix de la Ville de Paris for its author.
 Cincinnati magazine is a monthly lifestyle magazine concerning life in and about Cincinnati Ohio. It was created by the Greater Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce in 1967. It was then purchased by CM Media in 1981. By 1997 the magazine had a circulation of some 30000 and was acquired by its present owner Emmis Communications. During the early-mid-2000s the magazine prospered doubling both circulation and revenues and moving its facilities to Cincinnati's tallest building Carew Tower.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #5 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the fifth volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in July 1976.The book collects twelve novellas novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction notes and concluding essays by Carr and Charles N. Brown.
 Warlock was a British magazine published by Penguin Books and game manufacturer Games Workshop between 1983 and 1986. The primary focus of the magazine was fantasy with emphasis on the Fighting Fantasy adventure gamebook series.
 Hooking Up is a collection of essays and a novella by American author Tom Wolfe a number of which were earlier published in popular magazines.The essays cover diverse topics dating from as early as 1965 including both non-fiction and fiction along with snipes at his contemporaries Updike Mailer and Irving.
 Career Development and Transition for Exceptional Individuals is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the fields of secondary education transition and career development of persons with documented disabilities and/or special needs. The editors-in-chief are Bob Algozzine and David Test (UNC Charlotte). It was established in 1978 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 Kelidar (1977 to 1984) is Mahmoud Dowlatabadi's monumental novel one of the most famous Persian novels. This novel is of nearly three thousand pages in five volumes consisting of ten books.The author has used Folklore in writing Kelidar and he spent 15 years writing the novel. Kelidar has been translated into different languages.Kelidar is the name of a mountain and a village in Khorasan where the events of the novel take place.
 Arming America: The Origins of a National Gun Culture is a discredited 2000 book by Michael A. Bellesiles on American gun culture. The book is an expansion of a 1996 Journal of American History article by Bellesiles and argues that guns were uncommon during peacetime in early United States and that a culture of gun ownership arose only much later. It initially won the prestigious Bancroft Prize but later became the first book in that prize's history to have its award rescinded.
 No Deals Mr. Bond first published in 1987 was the sixth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond. Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Jonathan Cape and in the United States by Putnam. It was the last Bond novel to be published in Britain by Jonathan Cape ending an association dating back to the first Bond novel Casino Royale in 1953.No Deals Mr.
 The Intelligent Design of Jenny Chow is a play written by Rolin Jones. The play had its world premiere at South Coast Repertory in 2003.Set in Calabasas California it tells the story of Jennifer Marcus a 22-year-old genius with obsessive compulsive disorder and agoraphobia. Afraid to step outside her house the Chinese-born Marcus who was adopted as a baby nevertheless wants to meet her biological mother.
 Little Accident was a 1928 Broadway three act comedy written by Floyd Delland Thomas Mitchell (who also played Norman Overbeck in the play). It was based on Dell's 1927 novel An Unmarried Father. It was produced by Crosby Gaige and directed by Joseph Graham and Arthur Hurley running for 303 performances from October 9 1928 to July 1929 at the Morosco Theatreand the Ambassador Theatre. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1928-1929.
 The Negotiator is a crime novel by Frederick Forsyth first published in 1989. The story includes a number of threads that are slowly woven together. The central thread concerns a kidnapping and the negotiator's attempts to solve the crime.
 The Goblin Mirror is a 1992 fantasy novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was first published in a hardcover edition by Ballantine Books under its Del Rey Books imprint and featured cover art by Cherryh's brother David A. Cherry.
 Strange Fantasy is a 36-page 10 cent bi-monthly anthology horror comics title published by Ajax-Farrell in the early 1950s. Its initial issue cover dates October 1952 and its last issue October/November 1954 for a total of 13 issues. Comic book jungle girl Rulah (called Pulah in the book) makes an appearance in issue 3 and a bondage cover graces issue 13. Artists on the title include writer Bruce Hamilton and penciller inker and cover artist Steve Ditko.
 The Secret Hour is a science-fiction fantasy novel written by Scott Westerfeld. It was published by EOS Books a now defunct branch of HarperCollins in 2004. It is the first book of The Midnighters Trilogy.
 Anne of Geierstein or The Maiden of the Mist (1829) is a novel by Sir Walter Scott. It is set in Central Europe mainly in Switzerland shortly after the Yorkist victory at the Battle of Tewkesbury (1471). It covers the period of Swiss involvement in the Burgundian Wars.
 If Only It Were True (original title: Si seulement c'était vrai...) is French author Marc Levy's first novel released in 1999. It was translated into English in 2000 and was adapted into the American film Just Like Heaven in 2005. A 2006 Bollywood movie named I See You is also an adaptation of this book. A Malayalam film Vismayathumbathu with a similar theme was released in 2004. The inspiration of which may be this novel.
 Colossus (1966) is a science fiction novel by British author Dennis Feltham Jones about super-computers assuming control of man. Two sequels The Fall of Colossus (1974) and Colossus and the Crab (1977) continued the story. Colossus was adapted cinematically as Colossus: The Forbin Project (1970).
 bdnews24.com is one of Bangladesh's leading newspaper/media groups. With an Alexa ranking placing it consistently among the world's top 1000 or so websites it has also persisted as the country's leading English language as well as bilingual English/Bengali website. bdnews24.com ranks among the top 10 of all websites consulted by Bangladeshis http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/bdnews24.com.
 Macromolecular Reaction Engineering is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by Wiley-VCH. The journal covers academic and industrial research in the field of polymer reaction engineering which includes polymer science. It emerged from a section that was part of Macromolecular Materials and Engineering.
 The New Times is a national English language newspaper in Rwanda. It was established in 1995 shortly after the end of the 1994 Rwanda genocide.The paper states that it is privately owned with two shareholders one of them being Crystal Ventures.
 Psychoanalysis was a short-lived comic book published by EC Comics in 1955 the fifth title in its New Direction line. The bi-monthly comic was published by William Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein. Psychoanalysis was approved by the Comics Code Authority but newsstands were reluctant to display it. It lasted a total of four issues before being canceled along with EC's other New Direction comics.
 The Pathologies (Russian: Патологии) is a 2005 novel by the Russian writer Zakhar Prilepin. The Pathologies is a story about Chechen War.This novel was published in 2005 in Andreevskiy Flag (Russia).
 Help! was an American satire magazine published by James Warren from 1960 to 1965. It was Harvey Kurtzman's longest-running magazine project after leaving Mad and EC Publications and during its five years of operation it was chronically underfunded yet innovative.
 The Early Ayn Rand: A Selection from Her Unpublished Fiction is an anthology of unpublished early fiction written by Ayn Rand first published in 1984 two years after her death. The selections include short stories plays and excerpts of material cut from her novels We the Living and The Fountainhead.
 The Promise is a novel written by Chaim Potok published in 1969. It is a sequel to his previous novel The Chosen. Set in 1950s New York it continues the saga of the two friends Reuven Malter an Orthodox Jew studying to become a rabbi and Danny Saunders a genius Hasidic Jew who has broken with his sect's tradition by refusing to take his father's place as rebbe in order to become a psychologist.
 The Coachman Rat is an alternative account of the classic fairy tale Cinderella. It was published in 1989 and written by esteemed children's author David Henry Wilson.
 MeruPuri originally titled MeruPuri: Märchen Prince (めるぷり メルヘン☆プリンス MeruPuri: Maruhen Purinsu Fairy-Tale Prince) is a four-volume manga series by Matsuri Hino.Matsuri Hino burst onto the manga scene with her title Kono Yume ga Sametara (When This Dream Is Over) which was published in LaLa DX magazine. Hino became a manga artist a mere nine months after she decided to become one.
 Conrad's Fate is a children's fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones published by Collins in 2005. It was the sixth published of the seven Chrestomanci books (1977 to 2006).Conrad is the protagonist a twelve-year-old boy sent to work at the local Stallery castle with a magical mission to kill someone neither named nor described. Fifteen-year-old Christopher Chant (The Lives of Christopher Chant) applies for work at the same time on a personal mission.
 Sambad Kaumudi (Bengali: সম্বাদ কৌমুদী) was a Bengali weekly newspaper published from Kolkata in the first half of the 19th century by Ram Mohan Roy. It was a noted pro-Reformist publication that actively campaigned for the abolition of the Sati.
 Cutie Honey Seed (キューティーハニーＳＥＥＤ Kyūtī Hanī Shīdo) is a Japanese manga created by Komugi Hoshino and Go Nagai based on the original Cutie Honey series by Nagai. As with Gomaden Shutendoji Harenchi Gakuen ~The Company~ Kekko Kamen P Mazinger Angels and Occult Dan D3 Cutie Honey Seed is a newer take on Nagai's classical series with different illustrators and settings.In this series Yuta who is a fan of Cutie Honey suddenly finds a beautiful alien girl. He names her Honey Kisaragi.
 Lost Boys: Why Our Sons Turn Violent and How We Can Save Them is a book by James Garbarino Ph.D. that details the epidemic of violent male youths in America.
 The Demon Spirit is the second book in the first DemonWars Saga trilogy by R.A. Salvatore. The book is also the second out of seven books in the combined DemonWars Saga.
 Weekly Young Sunday (週刊ヤングサンデー Shūkan Yangu Sandē) was a weekly manga magazine published by Shogakukan in Japan since the first issue on April 10 1987. It replaced Shōnen Big Comic in Shogakukan's lineup of shōnen titles and many of the titles in Shōnen Big Comic were continued in Young Sunday.
 Wolf Moon is a 1988 fantasy novel by Charles de Lint. The wolf moon is the first moon of winter when the climax of the story takes place.
 Return to Del is the eighth and final book of the original series of Deltora Quest written by Emily Rodda. It focuses on how Lief Jasmine and Barda must return to Del to give the completed Belt to Adin's heir to banish the Shadow Lord from their land.
 The Price of Loyalty: George W. Bush the White House and the Education of Paul O'Neill is a 2004 book by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Ron Suskind. The book was the first to provide critical insight into the events that led up to the Iraq War. The Price of Loyalty was met with both commercial and critical success and was the first book by Suskind to be a #1 New York Times best-seller.
 The Birds of Africa is also a 5-volume handbook by George Ernest Shelley published 1896-1912.The Birds of Africa is a seven-volume ornithological handbook. Its authors/editors were C. Hilary Fry Stuart Keith and Emil Urban and each volume contained colour plates painted by Martin Woodcock. A Concise Edition is in preparation with a planned publication date of 2010.
 An Introduction to the Rock-Forming Minerals by William Alexander Deer Robert Andrew Howie and Jack Zussman is a book often considered the bible of mineralogy. It covers hundreds of minerals with details of their structure chemistry optical and physical properties distinguishing features and paragenesis. Entries range from one or two pages for obscure minerals to dozens of pages for important ones like feldspars.
 Faza'il-e-A'maal (Urdu: فضائل اعمال‎ Faz̤ā’il-i a‘māl [Virtues of deeds]) originally titled Tablighi Nisab (Urdu: تبلیغی نصاب‎ Tablīg͟hī niṣāb [Curriculum for Tabligh]) is an Islamic religious text composed mainly of treatises by the Indian hadith scholar Muhammad Zakariya Kandhlawi on the merits of good deeds. It is the principal text used by the Tablighi Jamaat movement for teaching and preaching.
 Fine Things is a romance novel by Danielle Steel. The book was published on February 1 1987 by Dell Publications. A film adaption was released in 1990.
 Q strip was a Croatian comic book magazine edited by Darko Macan. It specializes in good quality Croatian comics which are often accompanied by notable comics from all over the world. The first issue was released on 18 July 2003. The last issue was released in 2013.
 A Cthulhu Mythos anthology is a type of short story collection that contains stories written in or related to the Cthulhu Mythos genre of horror fiction launched by H. P. Lovecraft. Such anthologies have helped to define and popularize the genre.
 Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman (1997) is a science fiction novel written by Walter M. Miller Jr. It is a follow-up to Miller's 1959 book A Canticle for Leibowitz. Miller wrote the greater part of the novel before his death in 1996 and it was completed from his outline by Terry Bisson.The novel is set chronologically some eighty years after the events of the second part of A Canticle for Leibowitz Fiat Lux (c. 3254 AD).
 This article is about the 1966 novel. For other articles with a similar title see Sound of Thunder.The Sound of Thunder is a novel by the African writer Wilbur Smith. It is the second part of the Courtney Series and it is set several years after the first book When the Lion Feeds focusing around the Second Boer War.
 The Alberni Valley Times is a Canadian daily newspaper published weekdays in Port Alberni on Vancouver Island in British Columbia. The paper has been owned since 2011 by Glacier Media.Glacier Media also publishes the Pennyworth shopper publication in Port Alberni as well as the island's leading daily newspaper the Times Colonist of Victoria the Nanaimo Daily News and several weekly newspapers on the island.
 The House on Mango Street is a 1984 coming-of-age novel by Mexican-American writer Sandra Cisneros. It deals with Esperanza Cordero a young Latino girl and her life growing up in Chicago with Chicanos and Puerto Ricans. Esperanza is determined to say goodbye to her impoverished Latino neighborhood. Major themes include her quest for a better life and the importance of her promise to come back for the ones [she] left behind.
 Télam is the Argentine national news agency founded in 1945. It provides news and information to about 300 subscribers including government entities and national and international media. It operates as a state enterprise. Its current president is Carlos Martín García.
 Corriere del Ticino is a regional daily newspaper in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. Published in the Italian language in Muzzano Ticino it has a distribution of 40000.
 In the children's book Chanticleer and the Fox Barbara Cooney adapted and illustrated the story of Chanticleer and the Fox as told in The Nun's Priest's Tale in Chaucer's Canterbury Tales translated by Robert Mayer Lumiansky. Published by Crowell in 1958 it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1959.
 Fear (Russian: Страх) is a novel by Anatoly Rybakov that recounts the era in the Soviet Union of the build-up to the 'Congress of the Victors' the early years of the second Five Year Plan and the (supposed) circumstances of the murder of Sergey Kirov prior to the beginning of the Great Purge. It is the second book of the trilogy preceded by Children of the Arbat and followed by the book Dust and Ashes.
 The Titan's Curse is a 2007 fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology written by Rick Riordan. It is the third novel in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series and the sequel to The Sea of Monsters.
 Anna Karenina (Russian: «Анна Каренина»; Russian pronunciation: [ˈanːə kɐˈrʲenʲɪnə]) is a novel by the Russian writer Leo Tolstoy published in serial installments from 1873 to 1877 in the periodical The Russian Messenger.
 Life the Universe and Everything (1982 ISBN 0-345-39182-9) is the third book in the five-volume Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy science fiction series by British writer Douglas Adams. The title refers to the Answer to Life the Universe and Everything.The story was originally outlined by Adams as Doctor Who and the Krikkitmen to be a Tom Baker Doctor Who television six-part story but was rejected by the BBC.
 Eschatology: Death and Eternal Life (German: Eschatologie Tod und ewiges Leben) is a 1988 book written by Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger (later Pope Benedict XVI). The book is the study of the eschaton the times of the end or last things such as the parousia heaven and hell. Among the issues addressed in it is the concept of purgatory which he argues may be existential—not temporal—in duration.
 Art For Obama: Designing Manifest Hope and the Campaign for Change is a 2009 art book dedicated to the United States presidency of Barack Obama.The book is edited by artist Shepard Fairey.
 Fuzzy Ergo Sum is a science fiction novel written during 2006-2009 by Wolfgang Diehr as a sequel to H. Beam Piper's Fuzzy trilogy: Little Fuzzy Fuzzy Sapiens and Fuzzies and Other People.
 The Witness for the Prosecution and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1948. The first edition retailed at $2.50.
 Şərq Qapısı (Cyrillic: Шарк Капысы; lit. The Gate of the East) is an Azerbaijani language newspaper published in the Nakhichivan Autonomous Republic in Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1921. As of 1977 it was printed six days a week with a circulation of 16000.It was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour.
 The Vodi is a novel by John Braine first published in the United Kingdom in 1959 by Eyre & Spottiswoode. A revised version was published in 1978.
 Mediaweek was a New York–based trade magazine owned by e5 Global Media. It is part of Adweek Media Group which in October 2008 announced the merging of its three separate editorial teams (Adweek Brandweek and Mediaweek) into one. In 2011 Mediaweek and Brandweek were merged into Adweek.The chief editor was Michael Burgi.
 Genocyber (ジェノサイバー Jenosaibā) is a 1993 Japanese Cyberpunk manga series by Tony Takezaki. One volume of the manga was published and the story remains unfinished. It was adapted into a 5-part Anime OVA series from 1993 to 1994. The plot of the anime differs significantly from the manga. Both are notable for their extreme graphic violence.The OVA was produced by Bandai Visual and released in North America by U.S. Manga Corps.
 Twentysix Gasoline Stations is the first artist's book by the American pop artist Ed Ruscha. Published in April 1963 on his own imprint National Excelsior Press it is often considered to be the first modern Artist's book and has become famous as a precursor and a major influence on the emerging artist's book culture especially in America. The book does exactly what its title suggests reproducing 26 photographs of gasoline stations next to captions indicating their brand and location.
 The Crossing of Ingo is a children's fantasy novel by Helen Dunmore first published in 2008. It is the fourth and final volume in the Ingo tetralogy.It was longlisted for the 2008 Booktrust Teenage Prize.
 The Low Road is a 2007 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Chris Womersley.
 Solo is a 1993 science fiction novel by Robert Mason. The book was Mason's second novel; he had previously written Weapon and a memoir about his experiences in Vietnam titled Chickenhawk.
 The Gazette often called the Montreal Gazette to avoid ambiguity is the only English-language daily newspaper published in Montreal Quebec Canada with three other daily English newspapers all having shut down at different times during the second half of the 20th century.Founded in 1778 by Fleury Mesplet The Gazette is Quebec's oldest daily newspaper.
 Patriot Games (1987) is a novel by Tom Clancy. It is chronologically the first book (predating the events in The Hunt for Red October) focusing on CIA analyst Jack Ryan the main character in many of Clancy's novels. It is the indirect sequel to Without Remorse. The title comes from an Irish Rebel Song called The Patriot Game an Irish ballad about the Border Campaign in Northern Ireland.
 The Tax Inspector is a novel by Australian writer Peter Carey.
 Babycakes (1984) is the fourth book in the Tales of the City series by San Francisco novelist Armistead Maupin originally serialized in the San Francisco Chronicle.Babycakes is often cited as the first work of fiction to address the AIDS pandemic.[citation needed]
 News was a Swiss German-language free daily newspaper published by NP News Print AG between 2007 and 2009.Published in tabloid format it had regional editions for Zurich Bern and Basel as well the middle land of the Swiss plateau.
 Overload is a bi-monthly professional computer magazine published by ACCU that was established in 1993 and is edited by Frances Buontempo. It aims to publish a high standard of articles about all aspects of software development. All issues of Overload starting from August 1998 are available online.
 L′ordalia is the third novel by Italo Alighiero Chiusano published in 1979. The title recalls the ordeal a judicial practice by which during Middle Ages the guilt or innocence of the accused was determined by subjecting them to an unpleasant usually dangerous experience.
 My Life in the Bush of Ghosts is a novel by African writer Amos Tutuola from Nigeria published in 1954.This novel recounts the fate of a mortal who stray into the world of ghosts. The 'bush' is the wilderness of Western Africa.
 Napi Gazdaság (Daily Business in English) is a daily newspaper published in Hungary and based in Budapest. The daily focuses on financial and business news.
 Some Came Running is a novel by James Jones published in 1957. This was Jones' second published novel following his award-winning debut From Here to Eternity. It is the story of a war veteran with literary aspirations who returns in 1948 to his hometown of Parkman Indiana after a failed writing career.
 The Divine Invasion is a BSFA Award nominated 1981 science fiction book by Philip K. Dick. It is the second book in the gnostic VALIS trilogy and takes place in the indeterminate future perhaps a century or more after VALIS. It was originally titled Valis Regained.After the fall of Masada in 74 AD God or Yah is exiled from Earth and forced to take refuge in the CY30-CY30B star system.
 The Death of the West: How Dying Populations and Immigrant Invasions Imperil Our Culture and Civilization is a 2001 book by paleoconservative commentator Patrick J. Buchanan.
 The Milford Daily News is an American daily newspaper covering Milford Massachusetts and several nearby towns in Norfolk and Worcester counties.The newspaper is managed and printed by The MetroWest Daily News. Both are owned by Community Newspaper Company a division of GateHouse Media.
 Gay Straight and the Reason Why: The science of sexual orientation is a 2011 book about the development of sexual orientation by Simon LeVay. The book received much praise as well as some criticism.
 The Bond Buyer is a century-old daily national trade newspaper based in New York City and focused on covering the municipal bond industry. It is published Monday through Friday except holidays.
 The Damned Utd is a novel by British author David Peace. The main plot depicts a fictionalised account of Brian Clough's brief spell as manager of Leeds United football club in 1974.
 Semiotics: The Proceedings of the Semiotic Society of America is anannual series that publishes a selection of the peer-reviewed papers presented at the society’s annual conference. The content and thematic focus of each volume varies based on the program of the annual meeting.
 Paper Wheat is a play by the 25th Street House Theatre about the hard lives of early Saskatchewan settlers and the foundation of the wheat pools and the Co-op movement on the Canadian Prairies.
 Sight & Sound is a British monthly film magazine published by the British Film Institute (BFI).Sight & Sound was first published in 1932 and in 1934 management of the magazine was handed to the nascent BFI which still publishes the magazine today.
 Harold the Dauntless is a rhymed romantic narrative-poem by Sir Walter Scott. The last of his long verse narratives written in 1817 it weaves together elements of popular English legends and folklore using dramatic themes.[citation needed]The poem recounts the exploits and the personal spiritual journey of a doubtful knight errant - Harold the son of Danish Count Witikind: who seeks to recover his lands and wed a suitable spouse. Scott described it as a strange rude story.
 Shahar (English: “City”) Kazakh language newspaper published from Kazakhstan Pavlodar.
 Kaibutsu-kun (怪物くん Little Monster) is a shōnen manga and anime series by Fujiko Fujio named after its protagonist.
 Ray Mears' World of Survival is a book written by Ray Mears and a TV series by the same name.
 The Herald Journal is a daily newspaper in Logan Utah United States which is published six mornings a week and serves the Cache Valley area of Northern Utah and Southeastern Idaho which includes Cache County Utah and Franklin County Idaho. It is owned by Pioneer News Group.The Herald Journal has a daily circulation of about 16215. The Herald Journal's publisher is Mike Starn.
 La Tercera (Spanish: The Third One) formerly known as La Tercera de la Hora (the third of the hour) is a daily newspaper published in Santiago Chile and owned by Copesa. It is El Mercurio's closest competitor.La Tercera is part of Periódicos Asociados Latinoamericanos (Latin American Newspaper Association) an organization of fourteen leading newspapers in South America.The newspaper La Tercera was founded on July 7 1950 by Picó Cañas family.
 Mushroom in the Sand is a 2009 novel written by American entrepreneur and author Farsheed Ferdowsi. It is an international action/thriller/spy novel with Iran's clandestine nuclear weapons program as a backdrop.Published November 23 2009 Mushroom in the Sand is the first book by Mr. Ferdowsi. It is published by Wingspan Press and is available in hardcover softcover and e-book formats.
 Engleby is a novel by the author Sebastian Faulks. It tells the tale of a working-class boy who wins a place at an esteemed university and becomes a murder mystery after the disappearance of a girl at a nearby college.
 The Film That Changed My Life (also known as The Film That Changed My Life: 30 Directors on Their Epiphanies in the Dark) is a non-fiction collection of interviews compiled by American journalist author and film columnist Robert K. Elder. The book presents interviews with thirty famous directors who share stories about the movies that affected their career paths and directing styles.
 The Daily Press is a morning newspaper located in Newport News Virginia that covers the Hampton Roads metro area of Virginia. It was established in 1896 and has been owned by the Tribune Company since July 1986.
 Jimmy Coates: Killer is a 2005 novel written by Joe Craig. The story revolves around 11-year-old Jimmy Coates and is mostly set in the fictional dictatorship of the Neo-Democratic State of Great Britain. It is the first novel in the Jimmy Coates series.Shortly after the UK publication Craig's first book was released in the United States under the title Jimmy Coates: Assassin. It was a finalist for the 2006 Manchester Book Award and won the Bolton Children's Book Award 2006.[citation needed]
 The Soft Machine is a novel by William S. Burroughs first published in 1961 two years after his groundbreaking Naked Lunch. It was originally composed using the cut-up and fold-in techniques from manuscripts belonging to The Word Hoard. It is part of The Nova Trilogy.
 Planeswalker is a Magic: The Gathering novel written by Lynn Abbey and published by Wizards of the Coast Inc. Planeswalker takes place on the fictional world of Dominaria within the 'multiverse'. It tells the story of Urza and his need for revenge against the Phyrexians who he believes are responsible for his brothers death. The story takes place from Xantcha's perspective jumping between her past and the present day.
 Iran: religion politics and society is a book by Nikki R. Keddie which is about religion politics and society of Iran. Frank Cass Publishers and Routledge published the book respectively in 1980 and 1983.
 Battle Royale II: Blitz Royale (BRII ブリッツ ロワイアル BRII Burittsu Rowaiaru) is manga inspired by the movie Battle Royale II: Requiem. While the author of the original novel Koushun Takami is given the gensaku credit the story and art are by Hitoshi Tomizawa (富沢ひとし Tomizawa Hitoshi).Like the earlier Battle Royales a class of middle school students are picked to compete in fights to the death on an island until there is only one left.
 Sunset is a lifestyle magazine in the United States. Sunset focuses on homes cooking gardening and travel with a focus almost exclusively on the Western United States. The magazine is published monthly by the Sunset Publishing Corporation part of Southern Progress Corporation itself a subsidiary of Time Warner.
 HUMO is a popular Belgian weekly radio and television magazine written in Dutch.Originally the magazine was titled Humoradio a portmanteau of 'humor' and 'radio'.Humoradio was first published in 1936 as a Dutch language counterpart to Le Moustique now Télémoustique. During World War II between 1940 and 1944 it was not published.
 Only Human by Eileen Wilks is a short story in the Lover Beware anthology. It is also the first story in the World of the Lupi series. It came out in July 2003.
 Dark Carnival is the fourteenth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 Professional Remodeler (ISSN-1521-9135) is a trade publication and web site serving the information needs of residential commercial and general remodeling contractors.Established in 1997 Professional Remodeler magazine is published monthly.
 Joined-Up Thinking is the first book by writer and artist Stevyn Colgan. It is based loosely upon the idea of Six Degrees of Separation first put forward by Frigyes Karinthy and later explored by Stanley Milgram and Richard Wiseman in that everything and everyone in the world can be connected in some way. The book takes a light-hearted and humorous series of 'cyclic journeys through the land of trivia'.
 Journey by Moonlight (in Hungarian Utas és holdvilág which literally means Traveler and Moonlight) is among the best-known novels in contemporary Hungarian literature. Written by Antal Szerb it was first published in 1937. According to Nicholas Lezard it is one of the greatest works of modern European literature...I can't remember the last time I did this: finished a novel and then turned straight back to page one to start it over again. That is until I read Journey by Moonlight.
 Ascent is an American literary magazine that publishes stories poems and essays many of which are later reprinted in annual anthologies. The journal is based at Concordia College in Moorhead Minnesota.The journal was originally founded in 1975 at the University of Illinois by Daniel Curley. In 1996 essayist and English scholar W. Scott Olsen became the editor-in-chief. The journal moved to an online format in 2010 where it will reach a wider audience for its award-winning authors.
 A Political Fable is a 1980 novella by Robert Coover. It was originally published in slightly different form in New American Review in 1968 under the title The Cat in the Hat for President.
 Washington D. C. by Gore Vidal is the sixth in his Narratives of Empire series of historical novels (although the first one published in 1967). It begins in 1937 and continues into the Cold War tracing the families of Senator James Burden Day and influential newspaper publisher Blaise Sanford.This book is the least historical and most novelistic of any of the seven books.
 Carry On Mr. Bowditch is a novel by Jean Lee Latham that was awarded the Newbery Medal in 1956. The book is a children's biography of Nathaniel Bowditch a sailor and mathematician who published the mammoth and comprehensive reference work for seamen: The American Practical Navigator. It is an epic tale of adventure and learning.
 Journalism is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Journalism. The journal's editors are Howard Tumber (City University) and Barbie Zelizer (University of Pennsylvania). It has been in publication since 2000 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Enigma of Arrival: A Novel in Five Sections is a 1987 novel by Nobel laureate V. S. Naipaul.Mostly an autobiography the book is composed of four sections which reflect the growing familiarity and changing perceptions of Naipaul upon his arrival in various countries after leaving his native Trinidad and Tobago.Most of the action of the novel takes place in Wiltshire England where Naipaul has rented a cottage in the countryside.
 Schmollers Jahrbuch Zeitschrift für Wirtschafts- und Sozialwissenschaften (English: Journal of Applied Social Science Studies) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of applied economics and sociology published quarterly by Duncker & Humblot. It was established in 1871.
 The Beauty of Fractals is a 1986 book by Heinz-Otto Peitgen and Peter Richter which publicises the fields of complex dynamics chaos theory and the concept of fractals. It is lavishly illustrated and as a mathematics book became an unusual success.The book includes a total of 184 illustrations including 88 full-colour pictures of Julia sets.
 The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic (2000) (Confessions of a Shopaholic in the United States and India) is the first in the popular Shopaholic series. It is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella a pen-name of Madeleine Wickham. It focuses on the main character Rebecca (Becky) Bloomwood a financial journalist who is in a serious amount of debt through her shopping addiction.
 Junior Escort (少年娼婦 Shōnen Shōfu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sakurako Hanafubuki. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on March 25 2008. It comprises four volumes the first called Junior Escort the second called Love Code the third called Crazy Star and last a prequel called Shining Moon.
 Shock: Injury Inflammation and Sepsis: Laboratory and Clinical Approaches (ISSN:1073-2322) is the official journal of the Shock Society the European Shock Society the Indonesian Shock Society the International Federation of Shock Societies and the Official and International Journal of the Japan Shock Society.
 Jemima J: A Novel About Ugly Ducklings and Swans is a 2000 novel by British author Jane Green.
 The Accidental Pervert is an autobiographical one man show written and performed by Andrew Goffman and directed by Charles Messina.
 The ESV Study Bible is a study Bible published by Crossway Bibles of Wheaton Illinois a division of Good News Publishers. It combines evangelical commentary with the English Standard Version text.The ESV Study Bible contains more than 2750 pages of extensive Bible resources including commentary maps illustrations charts timelines and articles created by a team of 93 evangelical scholars and teachers.
 Der Roiter Emes (Yiddish: דער רויטער אמת 'The Red Truth') was a Yiddish-language newspaper published from Riga Latvia. The first issue was published on January 13 1919. It was an organ of the Communist Party of Latvia. It was published three times per week. The newspaper featured frequent attacks on the bourgeoisie and the Jewish religious establishment. It ceased publication when the Bolshevik forces lost control of Riga on May 22 1919.
 Olivia is the second book in The Girls series by Rosie Rushton. It was published in 1997 by Piccadilly Press Ltd.
 The Circus Surprise is a children's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Vladimir Vagin. It was first published in 2001.
 Todos los fuegos el fuego (All Fires The Fire) is a book of 8 short stories written by Julio Cortázar.
 The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography is an autobiographical work by Sidney Poitier. On January 26 2007 Oprah Winfrey chose it for her book club.
 Deutsche Volkszeitung ('German People's Newspaper' abbreviated DVZ) was a newspaper published daily from Berlin Germany 1945-1946. It was the organ of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD).
 Via Mala is a novel by the Swiss writer John Knittel which was first published in 1934. After the disappearance of a tyrannical sawmill owner in a village in Switzerland his daughter is widely suspected of having murdered him.
 The Tucson Citizen was a daily newspaper in Tucson Arizona. It was founded by Richard C. McCormick with John Wasson as publisher and editor on October 15 1870 as the Arizona Citizen.When it ceased printing on May 16 2009 the daily circulation was approximately 17000 down from a high of 60000 in the 1960s.
 One Red Sun a Counting Book is a 1998 children's picture book that emulates and includes the work of American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.
 America by Heart: Reflections on Family Faith and Flag is the second book by Sarah Palin. It was released on November 23 2010 and has been described as containing selections from Palin's favorite speeches sermons and inspirational works as well as vignettes about Americans she met in the fall of 2009 while on her book tour for Going Rogue: An American Life. One million copies will be printed for the first run and a digital edition will be available on the day the book is released.
 Achaia is a Polish fantasy series of novels written by Andrzej Ziemiański published in three volumes in 2002 2003 and 2004 by the Fabryka Słów. The first two volumes received the Janusz A. Zajdel Award nomination (in 2002 and 2003 respectively); the second one received the Nautilus Award in 2004. All three volumes were reissued (with many errors corrected) in 2011.Due to an error the second volume did not include one chapter.
 Development and Psychopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research which addresses the interrelationship of typical and atypical psychological development in children and adults. It was established in 1989 and is published by Cambridge University Press. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 5.483.
 The Murder on the Links is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by The Bodley Head in May 1923 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in the same year.It features Hercule Poirot and Arthur Hastings. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $1.75.The book is notable for a subplot in which Hastings falls in love a development greatly desired on Agatha's part ...
 The Robb Report is an American English-language luxury-lifestyle magazine featuring products — including automobiles real estate and watches — for affluent connoisseurs.
 Against a Dark Background is a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks first published in 1993. It was his first science fiction novel not to be based or set in the Culture.
 Childe Morgan is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was published by Ace Books on December 5 2006. It is the fifteenth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published the second book in the fifth Deryni trilogy the Childe Morgan trilogy. The events of this trilogy are a direct prequel to the first Deryni trilogy the Chronicles of the Deryni.
 When We Were Orphans is the fifth novel by the British-Japanese author Kazuo Ishiguro published in 2000 (ISBN 0-571-20516-X). It is loosely categorised as a detective novel. When We Were Orphans was shortlisted for the 2000 Man Booker Prize though it is considered one of Ishiguro's weakest works with Ishiguro himself saying It's not my best book.
 Oakfield; or Fellowship in the East is a novel by William Delafield Arnold first published in 1853. The book is one of the earliest novelistic accounts of life in British India and its plot strongly mirrors the biography of its author.
 The Varieties of Religious Experience: A Study in Human Nature is a book by Harvard University psychologist and philosopher William James. It comprises his edited Gifford Lectures on natural theology which were delivered at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland in 1901 and 1902.These lectures concerned the nature of religion and the neglect of science in James' view in the academic study of religion.
 Ibitsu (いびつ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kazuto Okada. It was adapted into a live action film in 2013.
 Champions of Ruin is a hardcover accessory for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Vogue is a world fashion and lifestyle magazine that is published monthly in 23 national and regional editions by Condé Nast. Vogue means in style in French.
 Shūkan Gendai (週刊現代 Modern Weekly) is a general-interest weekly magazine published by Kodansha the largest publishing house in Japan which covers entertainment news as well as hard news such as interviews with the Prime Minister of Japan and other VIPs in the political and financial world. It also contains essays and opinions by well-known authors in serial form.
 Lord of the Flies is a 1954 dystopian novel by Nobel Prize-winning English author William Golding about a group of British boys stuck on an uninhabited island who try to govern themselves with disastrous results. Its stances on the already controversial subjects of human nature and individual welfare versus the common good earned it position 68 on the American Library Association’s list of the 100 most frequently challenged books of 1990–1999.
 Tomehane! Suzuri Kōkō Shodōbu (とめはねっ! 鈴里高校書道部) is a Japanese seinen manga series about Japanese calligraphy written by Katsutoshi Kawai. It began serialization in Weekly Young Sunday later moving to Big Comic Spirits due to the cancellation of the former. It was nominated for best manga at the first two Manga Taisho. A live action television series adaptation was broadcast on NHK in 2010. with Aki Asakura in the lead role.
 The Wanderers is a novel by the American author Richard Price. It was first published as a book in 1974. The plot is set in the Bronx New York City from mid 1962 to mid 1963.
 Sex Offenders: An Analysis of Types is a 1965 book about sex offenders by Paul Gebhard John Gagnon Wardell Pomeroy and Cornelia Christenson. It was a publication of the Institute for Sex Research.
 Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness is U.S.
 Beyond the Pleasure Principle (first published in German in 1920 as Jenseits des Lustprinzips) is an essay by Sigmund Freud marking a major turning point in his theoretical approach. Previously Freud attributed most human behavior to the sexual instinct (Eros or libido). With this essay Freud went beyond the simple pleasure principle developing his theory of drives with the addition of the death drive(s) (Todestrieb[e]) (often referred to as Thanatos).
 City of the Sun is a crime/suspense novel by David Levien published by Random House Books. Levien is currently working on a film script of the book.
 The Chemistry of Death is a novel by the British crime fiction writer Simon Beckett first published in 2006. The novel introduced the character of Dr David Hunter who has gone on to feature in other novels by the writer.The Chemistry of Death was nominated for the Duncan Lawrie Dagger by the Crime Writer's Association in 2006.
 The Gulf Times newspaper was founded in 1978 as the first publication of the Gulf Publishing and Printing Company in the capital city of Qatar Doha (or ad-Dawhah). It is one of four English language newspapers in the country (the others being The Peninsula [1995] the Qatar Tribune [2006] and the Qatar Chronicle [2012]). It is published by Abdullah bin Hamad Al Attiyah the former deputy prime minister and the former head of the Emir's court.
 Colonel Sun is a novel by Kingsley Amis published by Jonathan Cape on 28 March 1968 under the pseudonym Robert Markham. Colonel Sun is the first James Bond continuation novel published after Ian Fleming's 1964 death. Before writing the novel Amis wrote two other Bond related works the literary study The James Bond Dossier and the humorous The Book of Bond.
 The Blackwater Lightship is a 1999 novel written by Irish novelist Colm Tóibín and was short-listed for the Booker Prize.
 The Service of Clouds is a novel by Susan Hill.
 The Light of Other Days is a 2000 science fiction novel written by Stephen Baxter based on a synopsis by Arthur C. Clarke which explores the development of wormhole technology to the point where information can be passed instantaneously between points in the space-time continuum.
 Tehzeeb-ul-Ikhlaq was a journal published by the Muslim reformer Sir Syed Ahmed Khan between 1871 and 1897. The journal published alternative Muslim perspectives written in plain language. It gave voice to the publisher's religious social and reforming opinions and is credited with establishing him as one of the fathers of Urdu fiction. The same journal was restarted by Syed HamidVice-chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University in 1981; and since then it is being published regularly.
 Porn Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of pornography. It is published by Routledge and was established in 2014. The editors-in-chief are Feona Attwood (Middlesex University) and Clarissa Smith (University of Sunderland).In a call for papers the editors described the journal as the first dedicated international peer-reviewed journal to critically explore those cultural products and services designated as pornographic.
 Crimson Grave (クリムゾングレイヴ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Miyake Taishi. It started serialization in the shōnen manga magazine Dragon Age Pure since 2006.
 The Haunted Showboat is the thirty-fifth book in the Nancy Drew mystery series. It was first published in 1957 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 Ancient Maya: The Rise and Fall of a Rainforest Civilization (2004) an archaeological book written about the ancient Maya civilization. It was written by Arthur Demarest Ingram Professor of Anthropology at Vanderbilt University Tennessee.The book discusses the complex lifestyle and volatile political history of the Maya states from the first to eighth centuries. It also gives an explanation of the mystery of the ninth-century abandonment of most of the great rainforest cities.
 The Charleston Gazette is a five-day morning newspaper in Charleston West Virginia. It is published Monday through Friday mornings. On Saturday and Sunday mornings the combined Charleston Gazette-Mail is published which is more or less similar to the Gazette.The Gazette was established in 1873. At the time it was a weekly newspaper known as the Kanawha Chronicle.
 Public Stunts Private Stories is an authorized biography of the Canadian alternative rock group Barenaked Ladies originally published in 2001.
 The Comic Strip Classics series of commemorative postage stamps was issued by the US Postal Service on October 1 1995 to honor the centennial of the newspaper comic strip. The twenty stamps all are listed in the Scott catalogue as No. 3000 for a pane and 3000a through 3000t for the individual stamps.Restricted to strips created before 1950 the series featured drawings of comic strip characters with their logos. The stamps were arranged in five tiers with four stamps to a tier.
 Future Diary (未来日記 Mirai Nikki) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sakae Esuno (ja). It depicts a battle royale in which each combatant has a diary with entries from the future. The manga was serialized in the Kadokawa Shoten's Shōnen Ace between January 2006 and December 2010. Twelve tankōbon volumes were released in Japan.
 Sarangadhara (Telugu: సారంగధర Tamil: சாரங்கதாரா) is an epic story during the reign of Rajaraja Narendra The famous literature Gurajada Apparao wrote the story in long poetic form in English and published in “Indian Leisure Hour” in 1883. It was a favourite Telugu drama and made into South Indian films.
 Honō no Tenkōsei (炎の転校生 lit. Blazing Transfer Student) is a manga written and illustrated by Kazuhiko Shimamoto. It was serialized in the Shogakukan manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Sunday from 1983 to 1985. Honō no Tenkōsei was adapted into a two-episode original video animation (OVA) anime series in 1991 by Gainax.
 The Book of Lies is the first fantasy novel by Australian novelist James Moloney who has written more than thirty books most of them realistic fiction for children. Published in 2004 the fantasy novel is set in a land known as Elster and tells of the story of the main character Marcel after he wakes up in a foundling home with no memory of who he is.
 The Bridge: The Life and Rise of Barack Obama is a 2010 biography of Barack Obama written by journalist David Remnick. More than 600 pages long it concentrates particularly on Obama's rise to power and the presidency of the United States. In its first week of release it placed at number 3 on the New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover nonfiction.
 La parada de Maimós is a 1968 book by Venezuelan critic and writer Alfredo Armas Alfonzo.
 Petersburg (Russian: Петербургъ Peterburg) is the title of Andrei Bely's masterpiece a Symbolist[citation needed] work that foreshadows Joyce's Modernist ambitions.[citation needed] First published in 1913 and For various reasons the novel never received much attention and was not translated into English until 1959 by John Cournos over 45 years after it was written after Joyce was already established as an important writer.
 Harlock Saga (ハーロック・サーガ ニーベルングの指環 Hārokku Sāga: Nīberungu no Yubiwa) is a six-part anime miniseries (three hours in total length) by Leiji Matsumoto. An adaptation of Das Rheingold it tells the story of space pirate Captain Harlock and his crew as they try to stop a man who has stolen gold from the center of the galaxy and forged it into a powerful ring.
 Slan is also the name of a character in Berserk (manga); for the Irish phrase see Slán Abhaile.Slan is a science fiction novel written by A. E. van Vogt as well as the name of the fictional race of superbeings featured in the novel. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction (September – December 1940). It was subsequently published in hardcover in 1946 by Arkham House in an edition of 4051 copies.
 Inside Outside is a 1985 Herman Wouk novel telling the story of four generations of a Russian Jewish family and its travails in Russia and America. The book is a first person (and somewhat autobiographical) narrative told from the viewpoint of Israel David Goodkind the third of the four generations in the book.
 The Los Angeles Sentinel is a weekly African-American-owned newspaper published in Los Angeles California. The paper boasts of reaching 125000 readers as of 2004 making it the oldest largest and most influential African-American newspaper in the Western United States.The Sentinel was founded and first published in 1933 by Col. Leon H. Washington for black readers. Since then the newspaper has been considered a staple of black life in Los Angeles.
 FF med Bert (Föräldrafritt med Bert FF Berttidningen) was a Swedish comic book published between the years of 1993 and 2002. The main comics Berts dagbok were created by Johan Unenge and Måns Gahrton and are based on the Bert Diaries by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson. Bert Ljung's look is similar to the one of the books. Even comic albums were published. In the year 2000 the title was shortened to Bert and the number of comics increased.
 Kizuna: Bonds of Love (Japanese: 絆 KIZUNA～恋のから騒ぎ～ Hepburn: Kizuna: Koi no Kara Sawagi) is a yaoi manga authored by Kazuma Kodaka. In Japan a total of eleven volumes were published first by Biblos and then by Libre Publishing between December 1992 and September 2008. In North America the series was partially released in English by Be Beautiful between September 2004 and August 2007.
 Forged by Fire is a realistic fiction novel written by Sharon M. Draper. The novel was first published in 1997 and is the second book in the Hazelwood High Trilogy. It received the Coretta Scott King Award.The story focuses on Gerald an African American boy who struggles with his life after the death of his aunt.Originally the first chapter of Forged by Fire appeared as a short story in Ebony magazine on January 1991 under the title One Small Torch.
 The Journal Gazette is the morning newspaper in Fort Wayne Indiana. It publishes seven days a week and with several outlying bureaus contends for circulation and advertising in a 15-county area. The Journal Gazette is independent but it was aligned with the Democratic party until 1973.One of its longtime partners was Democratic Governor Paul V. McNutt who obtained his interest in the newspaper while Indiana governor.
 Palo Alto is a collection of linked short stories by American actor and writer James Franco. The collection was published in 2010 by Scribner's. The stories are about teenagers and their experiments with vices and their struggles with their families. The book is named after his home town of Palo Alto California and is dedicated to many of the writers he worked with at Brooklyn College.
 Driving into Walls (2012) is a play written by Suzie Miller and produced by Barking Gecko Theatre Company.
 2000'e Doğru (English: Towards 2000) was a weekly Turkish news magazine. It was established in January 1987 by Doğu Perinçek. In 1989 it had a circulation of around 22000 and was the second-highest circulation news weekly behind Nokta. Contributors included Halil Berktay Aziz Nesin Musa Anter Turan Dursun and Soner Yalçın.In 1987 editor Fatma Yazici was sentenced to one year and four months for insulting President Kenan Evren.
 Motor Boat & Yachting is a monthly magazine about motorboats and yachting published by IPC Media. The editor-in-chief is Hugo Andreae.
 The Worm Ouroboros is a heroic high fantasy novel by Eric Rücker Eddison first published in 1922. The book describes the protracted war between the domineering King Gorice of Witchland and the Lords of Demonland in an imaginary world that appears mainly medieval and partly reminiscent of Norse sagas.
 Rendezvous with Rama is a hard science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1972. Set in the 22nd century the story involves a 50-kilometre (31 mi) cylindrical alien starship that enters Earth's solar system. The story is told from the point of view of a group of human explorers who intercept the ship in an attempt to unlock its mysteries. This novel won both the Hugo and Nebula awards upon its release and is regarded as one of the cornerstones in Clarke's bibliography.
 Rumpole and the Angel of Death is a 1995 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole. They were adapted from his scripts for the TV series of the same name.The stories were:Hilda's StoryRumpole and the Angel of DeathRumpole and the Little Boy LostRumpole and the Model PrisonerRumpole and the Rights of ManRumpole and the Way Through the Woods↑
 The Oregon Spectator was a newspaper published from 1846 to 1855 in Oregon City of what was first the Oregon Country and later the Oregon Territory of the United States. The Spectator was the first American newspaper to be published west of the Rocky Mountains and was the main paper of the region used by politicians for public debate of the leading topics of the day. The paper’s motto was Westward the Star of Empire takes its way.
 The Secret of the Old Mill is Volume 3 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap. The book ranks 86th on Publishers Weekly's All-Time Bestselling Children's Book List for the United States with 1467645 copies sold as of 2001. This book is one of the Original 10 generally considered to be the best examples of the Hardy Boys and Stratemeyer Syndicate writing.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1927.
 The Three Christs of Ypsilanti (1964) is a book-length psychiatric case study by Milton Rokeach concerning his experiment on a group of three paranoid schizophrenic patients at Ypsilanti State Hospital in Ypsilanti Michigan. The book details the interactions of the three patients Clyde Benson Joseph Cassel and Leon Gabor who each believed himself to be Jesus Christ.
 The Trainer is a play by David Wilson and Anne Aylor (with writing contributions from composer Keith Burstein).
 Doctor Thorne (1858) is the third novel in Anthony Trollope's series known as the Chronicles of Barsetshire.It is mainly concerned with the romantic problems of Mary Thorne niece of Doctor Thomas Thorne (a member of a junior branch of the family of Mr Wilfred Thorne who appeared in Barchester Towers) and Frank Gresham the only son of the local squire although Trollope as the omniscient narrator assures the reader at the beginning that the hero is really the doctor.Major themes of the book are the social pain and exclusion caused by illegitimacy the nefarious effects of the demon drink and the difficulties of romantic attachments outside one's social class. 
 Herzog is a 1964 novel by Saul Bellow composed in large part of letters from the protagonist Moses E. Herzog. It won the U.S. National Book Award for Fictionand the The Prix International. TIME magazine named it one of the 100 best novels in the English language since the beginning of TIME (1923 to 2005).
 Nervous Conditions is a novel by Zimbabwean author Tsitsi Dangarembga first published in the United Kingdom in 1988 by the Women's Press. The semi-autobiographical novel focuses on the story of a Rhodesian family in post-colonial Rhodesia during the 1960s. Nervous Conditions is the first of a proposed trilogy with The Book of Not published in 2006 as the second novel in the series.
 The Desert Spear is a fantasy novel written by American writer Peter V. Brett and sequel to The Painted Man (titled The Warded Man in the US). It is the second part of the Demon Cycle and was released in April 2010 published by Del Rey Books in the US and Canada and Voyager in the UK.
 L'Assiette Vitalité translatable as The Living Plate is a collective book written in French about nutrition cancer prevention and anti-aging.
 NOON is a literary annual founded in 2000 by American author Diane Williams. The 10th Anniversary Edition launched March 2009.NOON publishes fiction and occasional essays. A full table of contents including back issues is available on the NOON website.
 Imperial Earth is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke and published in time for the U.S. bicentennial in 1976 by Ballantine Books. The plot follows the protagonist Duncan Makenzie on a trip to Earth from his home on Titan ostensibly for a diplomatic visit to the U.S. for its 500th birthday but really in order to have a clone of himself produced.
 The Oxford Latin Dictionary (or OLD) is the standard English lexicon of Classical Latin compiled from sources written before AD 200. Begun in 1933 it was published in fascicles between 1968 and 1982; a lightly revised second edition was released in 2012.The dictionary was created in order to meet the need for a more modern Latin-English dictionary than Lewis & Short's Latin Dictionary while being less ambitious in scope than the unfinished Thesaurus Linguae Latinae.
 Thirty Eight (Novel) is the debut novel by Chris Perkes published initially as an eBook.
 Haunted was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1971 to 1984 (though it was primarily a reprint title from 1978 onward). The book was hosted by Impy a pint-sized ghost dressed in an all-white superhero costume. With issue #21 the book's host became Baron Weirwulf (who first appeared in Ghost Manor #19 published in July 1974).
 Indian Ink is a 1995 play by Tom Stoppard based on his 1991 radio play In the Native State. The stage version of Indian Ink had its first performance at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre Guildford and opened at the Aldwych Theatre London on February 27 1995. The production was directed by Peter Wood and designed by Carl Toms. The play had its American premiere in 1999 at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco California directed by Carey Perloff (see 1999 in literature).
 Skull & Bones is a three-issue prestige format mini-series by Ed Hannigan published in 1991 by DC Comics.
 Ketsuekigata-kun! (血液型くん!) is a Korean 4-panel webcomic by Park Dong-Sun(박동선) under the penname Real Crazy Man an art teacher from Korea. The webcomic has been serialized on his blog. The comic has the theme of blood type personality classification. Japanese publisher Earth Star Entertainment later published the comic in book form and later a short anime adaptation by Japanese production house Assez Finaund Fabric. and Feel.
 The Journal of International Law and International Relations is an inter-disciplinary student-run academic journal at the University of Toronto a joint project of the Faculty of Law and the Munk School of Global Affairs. The journal was the 5th (of 67) most cited Canadian law journal in 2010 according to the Washington and Lee University Law Journal Rankings.
 For Better For Worse Forever is a young adult novel by Lurlene McDaniel published in August 1997. It continues the story of April Lancaster which began in the novel Till Death Do Us Part. The novel begins at the close of the previous story as April is crowned the winner of a beauty pageant for young women with chronic medical conditions.
 For the upcoming film see Alexander and the Terrible Horrible No Good Very Bad Day (film)Alexander and the Terrible Horrible No Good Very Bad Day published in 1972 is an ALA Notable Children's Book written by Judith Viorst and illustrated by Ray Cruz. It has also won a George G. Stone Center Recognition of Merit a Georgia Children's Book Award and is a Reading Rainbow book.
 Cider with Rosie is a 1959 book by Laurie Lee (published in the US as Edge of Day: Boyhood in the West of England 1960). It is the first book of a trilogy that continues with As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning (1969) and A Moment of War (1991). It has sold over six million copies worldwide.The novel is an account of Lee's childhood in the village of Slad Gloucestershire England in the period soon after the First World War.
 The Village is a science fiction short story by Kate Wilhelm. It was first published in the 1973 anthology Bad Moon Rising: An Anthology of Political Forebodings edited by Thomas M. Disch. It was also published in the 1977 anthology The Infinity Box and the 1987 anthology In the Field of Fire edited by Jack Dann and Jeanne Van Buren Dann.
 Of Human Bondage (1915) is a novel by W. Somerset Maugham. It is generally agreed to be his masterpiece and to be strongly autobiographical in nature although Maugham stated This is a novel not an autobiography though much in it is autobiographical more is pure invention. Maugham who had originally planned to call his novel Beauty from Ashes finally settled on a title taken from a section of Spinoza's Ethics.The Modern Library ranked Of Human Bondage No.
 The Year of the Dragon is the best-known play by Frank Chin the first Asian American playwright to be produced on a mainstream New York stage. It was staged in 1974 by the American Place Theatre and was filmed by PBS with George Takei in the leading role; Pat Suzuki and Tina Chen were in both versions.
 The Acharnians or Acharnians (Ancient Greek: Ἀχαρνεῖς Akharneîs; Attic: Ἀχαρνῆς) is the third play — and the earliest of the eleven surviving plays — by the Athenian playwright Aristophanes. It was produced in 425 BCE on behalf of the young dramatist by an associate Callistratus and it won first place at the Lenaia festival.
 The Doom That Came to Sarnath and Other Stories is a collection of fantasy and horror stories by H. P. Lovecraft edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the twenty-sixth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in February 1971. It was the second collection of Lovecraft's works assembled by Carter for the series the first being The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath.
 The Women is a comedy of manners by Clare Boothe Luce.The play is an acerbic commentary on the pampered lives and power struggles of various wealthy Manhattan socialites and up-and-comers and the gossip that propels and damages their relationships. While men frequently are the subject of their lively discussions and play an important role in the action on-stage they are strictly characters mentioned but never seen.The original Broadway production directed by Robert B.
 The Invasion of 1910 is a 1906 novel written mainly by William Le Queux (with H. W. Wilson providing the naval chapters). It is one of the more famous examples of Invasion literature. It is viewed by some as an example of pre-World War I Germanophobia. It can also be viewed as prescient as it preached the need to prepare for war with Germany.
 The Furies is a historical novel written by John Jakes and originally published in 1976. It is book four in a series known as the Kent Family Chronicles or the American Bicentennial Series. The novel mixes fictional characters with historical events and figures to tell the story of the United States of America from 1836 to 1852.
 People of the River is the fourth novel in The First North Americans series. It dramatizes the story of the mound-building Cahokia empire on the Mississippi River.
 Mística (English: Mysticism) is the official bimonthly magazine from Portuguese multi-sport club Sport Lisboa e Benfica. The majority of its content are interviews to the football-related section of the club although other sports are often mentioned in the magazine. It also runs several competitions for the readers and Benfica followers including a vote cast for best photo featuring fans and their idols. The magazine is free for sócios (supporters) of Benfica.
 Deep Fire Rising is an adventure novel by Jack Du Brul. This is the 6th book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Philip Mercer.
 Air Gear (エア・ギア Ea Gia) is a shōnen manga written and illustrated by Ito Oh Great Ōgure. Air Gear revolves around the life of Itsuki Minami Ikki or Crow also known as Baby Face Lil (and Little) Crow and his friends. The story follows their use of Air Treks an in-universe invention derived from inline skates. Initial sections of the plot carries out the introduction of characters that eventually join Ikki.
 Petals of Blood is a novel written by Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o first published in 1977. Set in Kenya just after independence the story follows four of the novel's major characters - Munira Abdulla Wanja and Karega - whose lives are all intertwined due to the Mau Mau rebellion. In order to escape city life each retreats to the small pastoral village of Ilmorog.
 The Philanthropist is a play by Christopher Hampton written as a response to Molière's The Misanthrope. After a tryout at the Royal Court Theatre London the piece premiered on Broadway under the direction of Robert Kidd. Kidd had collaborated with Hampton on When Did You Last See Your Mother (1964) which had also been staged at the Royal Court Theatre.Described by Hampton as a bourgeois comedy the piece is set in an English University Town.
 Ultraviolet is a novelization of the science fiction film of the same name. It was adapted by Yvonne Navarro from the screenplay written by Kurt Wimmer. The novelization provides more backstory that the film was not able to accomplish. The novel is also based on the original screenplay by Kurt Wimmer before Sony heavily edited it.
 Privredni vjesnik (English: The Business Messenger) is the oldest weekly business and financial newspaper in Croatia.It was founded in 1953 by Privredna komora Zagreb (Chamber of Commerce Zagreb). Today it is owned by Hrvatska gospodarska komora (Croatian Chamber of Commerce) and about 30000 copies are distributed to all companies members of the Chamber.
 The Butterfly Kid is a science fiction novel by Chester Anderson originally released in 1967. It was nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1968. The novel is the first part of the Greenwich Village Trilogy with Michael Kurland writing the second book (The Unicorn Girl) and the third volume (The Probability Pad) written by T.A. Waters.
 The Thing! is an American horror comic book published by Charlton Comics that ran 17 issues from 1952 to 1954. Its tagline was Weird tales of suspense and horror! After the 17th issue it was cancelled and the series' numbering continued as Blue Beetle vol. 2.Artist Steve Ditko provided the covers for #12-15 and 17. He also illustrated stories in issues #12-15.
 Aftonbladet is a Swedish tabloid founded by Lars Johan Hierta in 1830 during the modernization of Sweden. It is one of the larger daily newspapers in the Nordic countries. Aftonbladet is owned by the Swedish Trade Union Confederation (LO) and Norwegian media group Schibsted and its editorial page describes it as an independent social-democratic newspaper.
 Talking It Over is a novel by Julian Barnes published in 1991 it won the Prix Femina Étranger the following year.It concerns a love triangle in which each of the three people concerned (and occasionally others) take it in turns to tell the story from their perspective using first person narrative. Stuart and Oliver have been best friends since school but are opposite in character Stuart is insecure and slightly nerdy Oliver is a flamboyant loser prone to elaborate witticisms.
 The Fabulous Clipjoint first published in book form in 1947 (originally published under the title ``Dead Man's Indemnity`` in Mystery Book Magazine April 1946) is the first full-length novel by writer Fredric Brown who had honed his craft by publishing hundreds of short stories in the pulp magazines of the day. The Fabulous Clipjoint is also the first of seven detective novels featuring the nephew/uncle team of Ed and Am Hunter.
 Lazarus Rising: A Personal and Political Autobiography is an autobiography of John Howard the 25th Prime Minister of Australia who served between 1996 and 2007. Howard was a former leader of the Liberal Party of Australia between 1985 and 1989 and again between 1995 and 2007. The use of the term Lazarus is commonly accepted as evidence of Howard's ability to regain leadership of the Liberal Party in 1995 and subsequently become Prime Minister the following year in spite of earlier defeats.
 The Journal of Infrared Millimeter and Terahertz Waves is monthly a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor is M. Koch. Its publishing formats are letters and regular full papers. The journal was established in 1980 as International Journal of Infrared and Millimeter Waves.
 Ibid: A Life is the third novel by Mark Dunn published in 2004. Its form is highly reminiscent of Nabokov's Pale Fire in that it consists almost entirely of a set of endnotes for a larger (non-existent) biographical work.
 Calm at Sunset Calm at Dawn is the second novel by American author Paul Watkins. It was published in 1989 by Houghton Mifflin and shared the Encore Award the following year.
 Dark Visions is a 1989 horror fiction compilation with three short stories by Stephen King three by Dan Simmons and one by George R. R. Martin. The book has also been issued with the same seven stories under the titles Dark Love The Skin Trade and Night Visions 5. Two of the stories by King Sneakers and Dedication are also contained in his anthology Nightmares & Dreamscapes.
 Go Jump in the Pool! is a 1979 children's novel by Canadian author Gordon Korman. This is the second novel in the Macdonald Hall series. It continues the plights and adventures of Bruno Walton and Boots O'Neal. The book was republished in 2003; the text was updated to appeal to today's generation of young readers and to match today's economy (e.g. the pool in the original version cost $25000. It now costs $50000).
 Loophole is a science fiction short story written by Arthur C. Clarke and first published in 1946 in the magazine Astounding Science-Fiction. It was subsequently published as part of a short story collection in Expedition to Earth in 1953. This story details the concern of the advanced Martian civilization with humanity's research into rocketry and atomic power. The title of this story refers to resolution of this tension between humanity and the Martians.
 Przekrój (Polish pronunciation: [ˈpʂɛkruj]; Cross-section) is the oldest Polish weekly newsmagazine still in operation established in 1945 in Kraków. It was purchased by the Swiss owned Edipresse Polska in 2001 and for the following decade published in Warsaw. From 1 July 2011 it is located back in Kraków with headquarters in Zabłocie sold to a local businessman Grzegorz Hajdarowicz.
 The Anzeiger des Westens (literally Gazette of the West) was the first German-language newspaper in St. Louis Missouri and along with the Westliche Post and the Illinois Staats-Zeitung one of the three most successful German-language papers in the United States Midwest serving the German-American population with news and culture. In the 1840s it is thought to have been the newspaper with the largest circulation of any newspaper in any language in Missouri.
 The Reporter is one of the chief newspapers of Belize. It was established in 1967 by publisher Harry Lawrence who has authored every issue since. It is published weekly and sells for BZ $1.00. The Reporter's tagline is Independently Serving Belize since 1967.
 Der Blatt (Yiddish: דער בּלאַט En. The Page or The Newspaper) is a weekly Yiddish newspaper published in New York by Satmar Hasidim.
 Force Heretic: Remnant (also released as Force Heretic I: Remnant) is the first novel in a three-part story by Sean Williams and Shane Dix. Published and released in 2003 it is the seventeenth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 The Woman Warrior: Memoirs of a Girlhood Among Ghosts is a memoir or collection of memoirs by Maxine Hong Kingston published by Vintage Books in 1975. Although there are many scholarly debates surrounding the official genre classification of the book it can best be described as a work of creative non-fiction.Throughout the five chapters of The Woman Warrior Kingston blends autobiography with old Chinese folktales.
 Under Fire: The Story of a Squad (French: Le Feu: journal d'une escouade) by Henri Barbusse (December 1916) was one of the first novels about World War I to be published. Although it is fiction the novel was based on Barbusse's experiences as a French soldier on the Western Front.
 All Music Guide to Jazz is a non-fiction book that is an encyclopedic referencing of jazz music compiled under the direction of All Media Guide. The first edition All Music Guide to Jazz: the Best CDs Albums & Tapes appeared in 1994 and was edited by Ron Wynn with Michael Erlewine and Vladimir Bogdanov (head of the All Music Guide book series). The book's fourth edition was released on November 27 2002 and was edited by Vladimir Bogdanov Chris Woodstra and Stephen Thomas Erlewine.
 Zum Kommunismus! ('For Communism!') was a Volga German communist newspaper. It was the organ of the Volga German regional committee of the Russian Young Communist League. It was published from Marxstadt between 1919 and 1920. D. Schmidt was the editor of Zum Kommunismus!.
 A Faint Cold Fear is the third novel in the Grant County series by author Karin Slaughter. It was originally published in hardback in 2003. Previous books in the series are Blindsighted and Kisscut. It features the characters Jeffrey Tolliver Lena Adams and Sara Linton.
 The New Turkey: The Quiet Revolution on the Edge of Europe is a 2005 Granta Books publication by BBC World Affairs Correspondent Chris Morris which examines the potential and the problems of the far-reaching political and economic reforms being undertaken in what the author describes as a second revolution in Turkey.
 Resurrection Men is a 2002 novel by Ian Rankin. It is the thirteenth of the Inspector Rebus novels.
 Veidas (lith. for 'face') is a weekly news magazine published in Lithuania. It focuses on the world news politics and business. It circulates circa 6000 copies per issue. The magazine started publishing on March 1 2001. The first editor and chief of the magazine was Aurelijus Katkevičius.
 A Wizard Abroad is the fourth book in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane. It is the sequel to High Wizardry.
 A novel by David Weber The Apocalypse Troll is a story about time travel and alien invasion.
 A London Life is a novella by Henry James first published in Scribner's Magazine in 1888. The plot revolves around a crumbling marriage and its impact on many other people especially Laura Wing the sister of the soon-to-be-divorced wife. Laura is a classic Jamesian central consciousness whose reflections and emotions color the presentation of the storyline and the other characters. The tale is notable for its straightforward even hard-edged approach to sexuality and divorce.
 The Protocols of the Elders of Zion or The Protocols of the Meetings of the Learned Elders of Zion is an antisemitic hoax purporting to describe a Jewish plan for global domination. It was first published in Russia in 1903 translated into multiple languages and disseminated internationally in the early part of the 20th century.
 The Master and Margarita (Russian: «Ма́стер и Маргари́та») is a novel by Mikhail Bulgakov written between 1928 and 1940 but unpublished in book form until 1967. It is woven around a visit by the Devil to the fervently atheistic Soviet Union. Many critics consider it to be one of the best novels of the 20th century and the foremost of Soviet satires. In part it is angled against a suffocatingly bureaucratic social order.
 The Chosen Family was a Canadian comic strip written and drawn by cartoonist Noreen Stevens. The strip which first appeared in 1988 was based on Stevens' own life revolving around a lesbian couple named Weed and Kenneth-Marie.
 New Africa Analysis is an African news and current affairs publication based in the U.K. and distributed in the UK and South Africa. The publication consists of a fortnightly magazine and a website.
 Granma is the official newspaper of the Central Committee of the Cuban Communist Party.Its name comes from the yacht Granma that carried Fidel Castro and 81 other rebels to Cuba's shores in 1956 launching the Cuban Revolution.
 Magi-Cu (マジキュー Majikyū) was a Japanese manga magazine published by Enterbrain and was sold monthly on the twenty-fifth. The name comes from the phrase Magical Cute. The magazine was first published on April 27 2001 under the title Magi-Cu Premium. It kept that title for three years until 2004 when it was changed to simply Magi-Cu. In June 2007 Magi-Cu published its last issue at volume forty.
 The Sly Old Cat is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter in 1906 and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1971 almost thirty years after her death.
 A Star Called Henry (1999) is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle. It is Vol. 1 of The Last Roundup series. The second installment of the series Oh Play That Thing was published in 2004.
 The Bellybuttons (French: Les Nombrils) is a French Canadian comics series written by Maryse Dubuc (credited as Dubuc) and illustrated by her husband Marc Delaf Delafontaine. Dubuc and Delafontaine are based in Sherbrooke Quebec.
 Batgirl: Year One is a nine-part comic book mini-series published by DC Comics from February to October 2003 and then compiled into trade paperback form. Written by Scott Beatty and Chuck Dixon with art by Marcos Martin and Alvaro Lopez the mini-series shows how modern Barbara Gordon became the first Batgirl. It served as a sequel to Robin: Year One the two mini-series were collected as a trade paperback in 2013.
 The Damned Thing is a short story written by Ambrose Bierce. It first appeared in Tales from New York Town Topics on December 7 1893. This story focuses on how the human race takes their views of nature for granted and how there may be things in the natural world that the human eye cannot see or the human ear cannot hear.
 Paleri Manikyam: Oru Pathirakolapathakathinte Katha is a best-selling Malayalam-language mystery novel by T. P. Rajeevan (Thachom Poyil Rajeevan). It was originally serialised in Mathrubhumi Weekly and was published as a book by Current Books. Paleri Manikyam was first written in English when the author was residing in Iowa United States. He wrote it in Malayalam after coming back to Kerala.
 Dante's Equation is a novel written by Jane Jensen and published in 2003. It was nominated for the Philip K. Dick Award and received a Special Citation for it.
 The Biggest Bear is a children's picture book by Lynd Ward first published in 1952. It was illustrated using opaque watercolors and won the prestigious Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1953.Johnny Orchard a young boy is jealous because his neighbors have bear pelts hanging on their barns so he takes a rifle and goes hunting for the biggest bear in the valley. However when he finds only a bear cub he befriends it by feeding it maple sugar and brings the bear home as a pet.
 The Branson Tri-Lakes News is the local newspaper covering Branson Taney County and Stone County in Missouri and traces its roots to the oldest publications in Taney County.Since 2009 it has only been printed twice a week (Wednesdays and Saturdays) but previously was published five times a week. In 1992 the Taney County Republican merged with the Branson Beacon the White River Leader and the Southwest Missourian to form the Branson Tri-Lakes Daily News.
 Bicycling the Pacific Coast is a 1984 bicycle touring guide by Vicky Spring and Tom Kirkendall published by The Mountaineers Books.
 The Economic Observer (simplified Chinese: 经济观察报; traditional Chinese: 經濟觀察報; pinyin: jīngjìguānchá bào) is an independent[citation needed] weekly simplified Chinese-language newspaper published in the People's Republic of China since April 2001.
 The Life and Work of Sigmund Freud is a biography of Sigmund Freud by Ernest Jones published in three volumes between 1953 and 1957 and in a one-volume edition abridged by Lionel Trilling and Steven Marcus in 1961.
 The Miracle at Speedy Motors is the ninth in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Gaborone Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.
 Eden is a 1976 play by American playwright Steve Carter. Set in the 1920s it is the first of Carter's Caribbean trilogy. Eden explores intra-racial conflicts between recent immigrants from the Caribbean and the African-American population. The West Coast premiere of this critically acclaimed play received five Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Awards.
 Bright Lights Big City is an American novel by Jay McInerney published by Vintage Books on August 12 1984. It is written about a character's time spent caught up in and notably escaping from the mid-1980s New York City fast lane. It is one of the few well-known English-language novels written in the second person and its main character is unnamed.
 The Scarecrow of Oz is the ninth book set in the Land of Oz written by L. Frank Baum. Published on July 16 1915 it was Baum's personal favorite of the Oz books and tells of Cap'n Bill and Trot journeying to Oz and with the help of the Scarecrow overthrowing the cruel King Krewl of Jinxland. Cap'n Bill and Trot (Mayre Griffiths) had previously appeared in two other novels by Baum The Sea Fairies and Sky Island.
 Year’s Best Science Fiction Novels: 1953 is a 1953 anthology of science fiction novels and novellas edited by E. F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by The Bodley Head in 1955 under the title Category Phoenix. The stories had originally appeared in 1952 in the magazines Astounding Galaxy Science Fiction and Thrilling Wonder Stories.
 The Pratt Tribune is a tri-weekly newspaper published Tuesdays Thursdays and Saturdays in Pratt Kansas United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper covers Pratt County Kansas. Sister weeklies cover the nearby cities of Greensburg (Kiowa County Signal) and St. John (St. John News). GateHouse also publishes a daily newspaper in western Kansas the Dodge City Daily Globe.
 Noah's Compass is a novel by Anne Tyler first published in 2009 about a solitary 60-year-old man trying to come to terms with his own life. Critics agree that in this Tyler's 18th novel the author again treads familiar territory by setting her novel in Baltimore and by following the life of an inconspicuous man who has never realised his full potential.
 Complexity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the field of complex adaptive systems. The journal's scope includes studies on chaos genetic algorithms cellular automata neural networks and evolutionary game theory. Notable contributors include Nobel Prize laureates such as Philip Warren Anderson Murray Gell-Mann Gerard 't Hooft and Paul Lauterbur.Complexity is issued bimonthly and its contents can be accessed online.
 The China Times (traditional Chinese: 中國時報; simplified Chinese: 中国时报; pinyin: Zhōngguó Shíbào; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiong-kok-sî-pò) is a newspaper published in the Republic of China (Taiwan) in Traditional Chinese.
 Haguregumo (浮浪雲 literally Wandering Cloud) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by George Akiyama. It has been serialized by Shogakukan in Big Comic Original since 1973 and collected in 102 tankōbon as of 2014. Haguregumo received the 1979 Shogakukan Manga Award for general category.It was adapted into a movie in 1982 by Madhouse Studios and Toei Animation. Directed by Mori Masaki it premiered in Japan on the 24 April 1982.
 All About Space is a monthly scientific magazine focusing primarily on cosmological events astronomical tips and astronautical exploration. It was first published in June 2012 by the British publisher Imagine Publishing.All About Space has regular features (see below for main list) on ongoing space missions as well as having a future tech section that details the capabilities of space exploration under future technology.
 Grendel is a long-running series of comic books originally created by American author Matt Wagner. First published by Comico Wagner has now moved his character to Dark Horse. Originally a noir comic in the style of European titles such as Diabolik it has evolved into in Wagner's words a study of the nature of aggression. In 2009 Hunter Rose (the first Grendel) was ranked as IGN's 88th Greatest Villain of All Time.
 The GAO Journal was an American magazine published during the late 20th century that succeeded The GAO Review. It was published by the Government Accountability Office of the United States Congress. It began in 1988 and ceased publication in 1992.The purpose of the Journal was to cover government and defense auditing topics and document the activities of the GAO.
 Legionnaires 3 is a four-issue comic book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 the second limited series to feature the Legion of Super-Heroes. It was written by Keith Giffen and Mindy Newell pencilled by Ernie Colón and inked by Karl Kesel. The series pits the Legion's three founders against one of their deadliest enemies the Time Trapper.
 Kyo Kara Maoh! (今日から㋮王! Kyō Kara Maō! lit. Demon King from Today [onward]!) is a series of Japanese light novels written by Tomo Takabayashi and illustrated by Temari Matsumoto.
 Elements: An International Magazine of Mineralogy Geochemistry and Petrology established in January 2005 is a bimonthly magazine published by 17 scientific societies (see below). It publishes peer reviewed papers which are part of a theme based collection along with other types of articles. The Principal Editors are Georges Calas (Université Pierre et Marie Curie) John W. Valley (University of Wisconsin) Patricia M. Dove (Virginia Tech).
 The Cat Who Lived High is the 11th novel in the Cat Who series of murder mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun.Jim Qwilleran receives a request for help from Amberina one of the three weird sisters in Junktown to come back and help save the historic Art Deco Casablanca apartment building from demolition by developers.
 Reviews in American History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1973 and published by the Johns Hopkins University Press. It publishes reviews of new books on the topic of American history as well as retrospectives on influential titles of the past. All areas of American history including political military economic gender religious social cultural legal intellectual artistic and philosophical are covered. The current editor-in-chief is Thomas P.
 Samakal (Bengali: সমকাল samakal current time contemporary) is a Bengali language daily newspaper published in Dhaka Bangladesh. Samakal started publishing in 31 May 2005. As of 2007 the circulation of Samakal is around 200000.Golam Sarwar a famous journalist serves here as Editor. Maj. Gen. (Retd.) S.M. Shahab Udding serves here as Executive Director Abu Sayeed Khan serves as Managing Editor of the newsdaily.
 Polaroids from the Dead is a collection of short stories and essays by Douglas Coupland. The theme is that each story is written from a collection of old polaroids Coupland found in a drawer. It is an attempt to describe the 1990s a decade that seemed to be living in a 1980s hangover. Topics of the stories include a Grateful Dead concert (source of The Dead in title) a post-mortem letter to Kurt Cobain Vancouver's Lions Gate Bridge and an homage to James Rosenquist's painting F-111.
 The Berliner Kurier is a regional daily newspaper published by the Berliner Verlag GmbH for the Berlin metropolitan area in Germany.
 Horton Hatches the Egg is a children's book written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published in 1940 by Random House. The book tells the story of Horton the Elephant who is tricked into sitting on a bird's egg while its mother Mayzie takes a permanent vacation to Palm Beach. Horton endures a number of hardships but persists often stating I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
 Christopher Street was a gay-oriented magazine published in New York City New York.
 Apex Magazine also previously known as Apex Digest is an American horror and science fiction magazine which began publishing in 2005 out of Lexington Kentucky. In 2008 Apex Digest ceased printing the American digest size print version and opted to move the magazine online. This free webzine Apex Magazine contains fiction reviews and interviews. This is a professional market and pays pro-rates (5 cents per word) as defined by SFWA and HWA.
 Amar Ujala is India's fourth largest Hindi-language daily newspaper with 18 editions in seven states and one union territory covering 167 districts.
 The Elements of Influence: The New Essential System for Managing Competition Reputation Brand And Buzz or simply The Elements of Influence (Dutton 2006) is a book written by Alan D.
 Avengers Forever is a twelve-issue comic book limited series published from December 1998 to November 1999 by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Kurt Busiek and Roger Stern and drawn by Carlos Pacheco and Jesus Merino.
 The Man Who Liked Slow Tomatoes is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1980s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Mario Balzic is the protagonist an atypical detective for the genre a Serbo-Italian American cop middle-aged unpretentious a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force.
 Aravot (Armenian: Առավոտ Morning) is a leading liberal daily newspaper based in Yerevan founded in 1994. Its founder and the editor-in-chief is Aram Abrahamyan. It is largely critical of the government.
 The Journal of Software: Evolution and Process is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of software development and evolution. It is published by John Wiley & Sons. The journal was established in 1989 as the Journal of Software Maintenance: Research and Practice renamed in 2001 to Journal of Software Maintenance and Evolution: Research and Practice and obtained its current title in 2012.
 Brabants Dagblad is a daily Dutch newspaper. It is distributed in parts of North Brabant especially in 's-Hertogenbosch and Tilburg and their surrounding regions. The paper's office is in 's-Hertogenbosch. The paper is owned by the Wegener conglomerate which owns a number of regional Dutch papers and is since 2007 part of the Mecom Group which bought Wegener for 800 million Euros.
 That Stranger (Polish: Ten obcy) is a novel by the Polish author Irena Jurgielewiczowa published in 1961. It is an obligatory reading in year 6 in Polish primary schools. That Stranger had been translated into 23 languages.The novel was placed on the Honour List at the 1964 Hans Christian Andersen Awards.Major characters of this novel appear in another book by Irena Jurgielewiczowa entitled Inna?(Another?) (1975). A feature film had been created on the basis of Inna?.
 House of Incest is a slim volume of 72 pages written by Anaïs Nin. Originally published in 1936 it is Anaïs Nin's first work of fiction. But unlike her diaries and erotica House of Incest does not detail the author's relationships with famous lovers like Henry Miller nor does it contain graphic depiction of sex.
 The Search for the Snow Leopard is a Hardy Boys Digest novel written by Franklin W. Dixon. It is the 139th volume in the Hardy Boys series of detective/adventure books.
 He Wouldn't Kill Patience is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his long-time associate Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 Programming the Z80 is a seminal programming text written by Rodnay Zaks and first published in 1979 by Sybex. It is designed as both an educational text to teach programming techniques of elementary to intermediate level using Assembly language and as a self-contained reference book. Topics specific to the Zilog Z80 microprocessor such as its internal hardware organisation and instruction set are described in detail.
 The Pampa News is a daily newspaper published in Pampa Texas United States. It covers Pampa and the surrounding areas of Gray County Texas.The paper is published daily except Sundays and major holidays.The daily circulation is about 3600.
 The Food of the Gods is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1961. It was subsequently published as part of a short story collection The Wind from the Sun in 1972.The title is in reference to ambrosia the mythical food of the ancient Greek gods and the name of the controversial food product discussed in this story. The title could also be seen as a tribute to the novel The Food of the Gods and How It Came to Earth by H. G. Wells.
 The Russian Review is a major independent peer-reviewed multi-disciplinary academic journal devoted to the history literature culture fine arts cinema society and politics of the Russian Federation former Soviet Union and former Russian Empire. The journal was established in 1941 and is published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell. The current editor is Dr. Eve Levin University of Kansas. The journal's board of trustees is not aligned with any national political or professional association.
 The Trenton Trentonian is a weekly newspaper published in Quinte West Ontario Canada. Publishing under managing editor Jennifer Cowan the Trentonian has won numerous provincial and national news awards through the Ontario Community Newspapers Association and the Canadian Community Newspapers Association.
 Binky Brown Meets the Holy Virgin Mary is a 44-page autobiographical comic book from 1972 by American cartoonist Justin Green. It was the first long autobiographical work to appear in underground comics and was extremely personal detailing Green's childhood struggle with a disorder which in Catholicism is referred to as scrupulosity and was later diagnosed as obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
 The Broken Vase is a Tecumseh Fox mystery novel by Rex Stout first published by Farrar & Rinehart in 1941 and later in paperback by Dell as mapback #115 and later by other publishers.
 The Museum of Eterna's Novel (original Spanish-language title: Museo de la Novela de la Eterna) is an avant-garde experimental novel by the Argentine writer Macedonio Fernández. The book has been described as Fernández' masterwork.Fernández started writing it in 1925 and continued working on it for the rest of his life.
 The Housing Boom and Bust is a non-fiction book written by Thomas Sowell about the United States housing bubble and following subprime mortgage crisis. The book was initially published on April 24 2009 by Basic Books and reissued on February 23 2010.
 Chokher Bali (Bengali: চোখের বালি) literally Sand of the Eye equivalent to eyesore is a Bengali novel written by Rabindranath Tagore in the early twentieth century.
 A Life in the Theatre is a 1977 play by David Mamet.It focuses on the relationship between two actors the play's only characters. One Robert is a stage veteran while John is a young promising actor. As the play goes on they are involved in a variety of productions and gradually their relationship begins to change.
 I Am Number Four is a young adult science fiction novel and movie by Pittacus Lore (the pseudonym of James Frey and Jobie Hughes) and the first book in the Lorien Legacies series.
 Le Rouge et le Noir (French pronunciation: ​[lə ʁuʒ e lə nwaʁ]; French for The Red and the Black) is a historical psychological novel in two volumes by Stendhal published in 1830.
 Marvel Mystery Comics (first issue titled simply Marvel Comics) is an American comic book series published during the 1930s-1940s period known to fans and historians as the Golden Age of Comic Books. It was the first publication of Marvel Comics' predecessor Timely Comics a division of Timely Publications.
 Aiyoku no Eustia (穢翼のユースティア Aiyoku no Yūsutia lit. Eustia of the Tarnished Wings) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August for Windows and was released on April 28 2011. Aiyoku no Eustia is August's eighth game preceded by Fortune Arterial and Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na: Moonlight Cradle. It was planned to be released on March 25 but the schedule was changed due to the Great East Japan Earthquake.
 Enough Stupidity in Every Wise Man (Russian: На всякого мудреца довольно простоты; translit. Na vsyakogo mudretsa dovolno prostoty) is a five-act comedy by Aleksandr Ostrovsky. The play offers a satirical treatment of bigotry and charts the rise of a double-dealer who manipulates other people's vanities. It is Ostrovsky's best-known comedy in the West.
 The Fabulous Riverboat is a science fiction novel the second book in the Riverworld series by Philip José Farmer. A shorter version of the novel was serialized in If magazine as The Felled Star (July and August 1967) and The Fabulous Riverboat (June and August 1971).
 The Mysterious Mannequin is the forty-seventh volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1970 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 Skeleton Coast is the 4th installment of the The Oregon Files by Clive Cussler & Jack B. Du Brul. It involves Juan Cabrillo and his crew of concerned mercenaries as they attempt to quell a revolution support and spark another and save the East Coast of America from widespread infection and illness.
 Red Pepper is a daily tabloid newspaper in Uganda which began publication June 19 2001. Deliberately mirroring the style of tabloids in other countries the paper is known for its mix of sensationalism scandal and frequent nudity.
 Baby Love (ベイビィ★LOVE) is a shojo manga series by Ayumi Shiina. Part of the story has been adapted into an OVA.
 Imagine is an educational periodical for 7th-12th graders and published by the Center for Talented Youth (CTY) at Johns Hopkins University. It is intended to provide intellectual stimulus for students looking toward their college years. Each issue focuses on an academic theme such as engineering social sciences archaeology or robotics that a younger student might not be exposed to in the course of primary or secondary education.
 Replay is a novel by Ken Grimwood first published by Arbor House in 1986. It won the 1988 World Fantasy Award for Best Novel.The novel tells of a 43-year-old man who dies and awakens back in 1963 in his 18-year-old body. He then begins to relive his life with intact memories of the previous 25 years. This happens repeatedly with different events in each cycle. The premise was explored earlier by Richard A. Lupoff in his 1973 short story 12:01.
 The Journal of Applied Physiology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal of physiology published by the American Physiological Society. The journal was established in 1948 and is currently edited by Peter D. Wagner.
 Girl Meets Boy is a 2007 novel by Scottish author Ali Smith and published by Canongate in the Canongate Myth Series. It was one of the 'best books of 2007' according to critics at The Independent.
 Ribon Original was a shōjo manga magazine published by Shueisha. It was a sister magazine of Ribon and was published from 1981 until 2006. New and up-and-coming Ribon manga artists often had their first short stories published in this magazine. Established Ribon manga artists who had a decrease in popularity also had short stories or short series in Ribon Original and side stories to series currently running in Ribon were also in this magazine.
 The Journal for the Study of the New Testament is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers five times a year in the field of Biblical Studies. The journal's editor is Catrin Williams (University of Wales). It has been in publication since 1978 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Struggle for Rome (alternatively A Fight for Rome) is an historical novel written by Felix Dahn (under the original title Ein Kampf um Rom which appeared in 1876).
 The Escape is the 15th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Marco.The cover quote reads The Yeerks are out there....
 The Hollow is a 1951 play by crime writer Agatha Christie. It is based on the 1946 book of the same name.
 The White People is a fantasy-horror short story by the Welsh writer Arthur Machen. Written in the late 1890s it was first published in Horlick's Magazine—of which Machen's friend A. E. Waite was editor—in 1904 then reprinted in Machen's collection The House of Souls in 1906.
 Hard Eight is the eighth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum.
 Men's Journal is a monthly men's lifestyle magazine focused on outdoor recreation and comprising editorials on the outdoors environmental issues health and fitness style and fashion and gear. It was founded in 1992 by Jann Wenner who sought to create a publication for active accomplished men to fuel an adventurous and discerning lifestyle. It is published by Wenner Media which also produces Rolling Stone and US Weekly.
 Crash is a novel by English author J. G. Ballard first published in 1973. It is a story about symphorophilia or car-crash sexual fetishism: its protagonists become sexually aroused by staging and participating in real car-crashes.It was a highly controversial novel: famously one publisher's reader returned the verdict This author is beyond psychiatric help. Do Not Publish! The novel was made into a movie of the same name in 1996 by David Cronenberg.
 Viruses is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal published by MDPI. It was established in 2009. The editor-in-chief is Eric O. Freed.
 Bikini Planet is a science fiction comedy written by David S. Garnett and released exclusively in the United Kingdom as a paperback. It is written as a sub-sequel to an earlier story written by Garnett in 1994 entitled Stargonauts which features the some of the same settings and characters from the first story.
 Mystic is a comic book that was published by the Florida-based CrossGen Comics. Created by writer Ron Marz and artists Brandon Peterson and John Dell it was one of five flagship titles in the company's Sigilverse shared universe. Mystic ran for 43 issues (July 2000 - January 2004).
 Young Exceptional Children is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of special education. The editor-in-chief is Rosa Milagros Santos (University of Illinois). It was established in 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Division for Early Childhood of the Council for Exceptional Children.
 LIFE was an American magazine that from 1883 to 1972 was published as a humor and general interest magazine. Time founder Henry Luce bought the magazine in 1936 solely so that he could acquire the rights to its name when it became a weekly news magazine launched by Luce as a weekly news magazine with a strong emphasis on photojournalism. LIFE was published weekly until 1972 as an intermittent special until 1978 and as a monthly from 1978 to the present.
 Specials is the third novel in the Uglies series of novels written by the American author Scott Westerfeld. It continues the story of the protagonist Tally Youngblood.
 Bryan Bryan Bryan Bryan is a 1919 poem by American poet Vachel Lindsay. It chronicles William Jennings Bryan's 1896 presidential campaign as seen through the eyes of an idealistic sixteen-year-old who strongly supported the Democratic Party candidate and was crushed by Bryan's defeat at the hands of the Republican Party. The narrator depicts the election outcome as a victory of the East Coast and large financial institutions such as J.P.
 Muna Madan (Nepali: मुनामदन) is a short epic narrative by the Nepalese poet Laxmi Prasad Devkota and one of the most popular works in Nepali literature. Just before his death in 1959 he made his famous statement It would be all right if all my works were burned except for Muna Madan. It is the most commercially successful Nepali book ever published.Muna Madan is based on an 18th-century ballad in Nepal Bhasa entitled Ji Waya La Lachhi Maduni (It hasn't been a month since I came).
 Hex is the first of a series of novels for young adults written by Rhiannon Lassiter. It was first published in 1998.
 The Day Before the Revolution is a Nebula Award-winning short story by Ursula K. Le Guin first published in 1974. It is considered a short story prologue to The Dispossessed and represents an idealized anarchy by following the character of Odo the semilegendary woman who led the revolution that founded the anarchist society in The Dispossessed.
 The Hook is a weekly newspaper published in Charlottesville Virginia and distributed throughout Central Virginia and the Shenandoah Valley.
 The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger Born is a seven-issue comic book limited series published in 2007 by Marvel Comics. It is the first story arc of five based on The Dark Tower series of novels by Stephen King. It is plotted by Robin Furth scripted by Peter David and illustrated by Jae Lee and Richard Isanove. Stephen King serves as Creative and Executive Director of the project.
 Spilling The Beans is an autobiography written by Clarissa Dickson Wright and first published in 2007. Wright's autobiography tells the story of her troubled youth as the unexpected youngest child of an accomplished doctor and a conservative mother. It goes on to explain her plight at the hands of her alcoholic violent father and the subsequent trauma at the death of her mother and the love of her life (named Clive) which all lead her to extreme alcoholism.
 Chords of Strength: A Memoir of Soul Song and the Power of Perseverance is a memoir written by singer-songwriter David Archuleta with Monica Haim. It was published by Celebra Books part of Penguin Group on June 1 2010. It was previously set for release on May 4 but later postponed.
 The Triumph of the Moon: A History of Modern Pagan Witchcraft is a book of religious history by the English historian Ronald Hutton first published by Oxford University Press in 1999.
 Filistin Ashabab (Arabic: فلسطين الشباب‎ Palestine Of The Youth ) is a Palestinian monthly magazine. Launched in 2007 Filistin Ashabab is a free cultural magazine giving the youth in Palestine and in the diaspora a field of exrpession and access to the culture. It is distributed in all Palestine.
 Muzykalnaya Gazeta is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Die Welt ist schön (The World is Beautiful) is a 1928 book of photography by German photographer Albert Renger-Patzsch. A popular work at the time Die Welt ist schön is generally considered one of the most important books of photography published in the Weimar Republic and as an iconic example of the photography of New Objectivity.
 Popteen (ポップティーン Poppu Tin) is a monthly teenage fashion magazine published by the Kadokawa Haruki Corporation in Japan. The first issue was published on October 1 1980 by Kadokawa Shoten. Later issues were published by Asuka Shinsha who bought the magazine for 200 million yen .[citation needed] In 1994 the magazine was bought by the Kadokawa Haruki Corporation for 600 million yen [citation needed] and has since become its flagship publication.Popteen is one of Asia's top fashion magazines.
 While The Clock Ticked is Volume 11 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1932. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1962 by James Buechler resulting in two different stories with the same title.
 All My Darling Daughters is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Fumi Yoshinaga. It is published by Hakusensha.It is licensed and published in North America by Viz Media on January 19 2010. It is licensed in French by Casterman and in Traditional Chinese by Sharp Point Press.
 The Journal of Environmental Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier since 1980. Since 2002 its editor in chief is Robert Gifford (University of Victoria). The journal reports scientific research on human interactions with the built and natural environment with an emphasis on the individual and small-group level of analysis.
 European Journal of Cell Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1969 as Cytobiologie. It is published by Elsevier and the editors-in-chief are Stefan Linder (University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf) Manfred Schliwa (Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich) and Sabine Werner (ETH Zurich). The journal covers research on cell biology. Publishing formats include original research articles reviews and short communications.
 Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States is a three volume work written by Associate Justice of the Supreme Court Joseph Story and published in 1833. In these Commentaries Story defends the power of the national government and economic liberty.
 Nature Precedings was an open access electronic preprint repository of scholarly work in the fields of biomedical sciences chemistry and earth sciences. It ceased accepting new submissions as of April 3rd 2012. Nature Precedings functioned as a permanent citable archive for pre-publication research and preliminary findings.
 The Prowler in the City at the Edge of the World is a short story by Harlan Ellison first published in his 1967 anthology Dangerous Visions. It was intended as a continuation of a story by Robert Bloch A Toy for Juliette which also appears in the anthology.
 Al Ahdath Al Maghribia (Arabic: الأحداث المغربية The Moroccan News‎) is a daily Moroccan tabloid.
 The Oxford Times is a weekly newspaper published each Thursday in Oxford England. It is published from a large production facility at Osney Mead west Oxford and is owned by Newsquest the UK subsidiary of US-based Gannett Company.The Oxford Times has a number of colour supplements. Oxfordshire Limited Edition is included with the first edition of each month.
 Conan the Magnificent is a fantasy novel written by Robert Jordan featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in May 1984 and was reprinted in December 1991; a trade paperback edition followed from the same publisher in 1991.
 Watery Grave is the third historical mystery novel about Sir John Fielding by Bruce Alexander.
 Demons (Russian: Бесы Bésy) is an 1872 anti-nihilistic novel by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. Although titled The Possessed in the initial English translation Dostoyevsky scholars and later translations favour the titles The Devils or Demons.An extremely political book Demons is a testimonial of life in Imperial Russia in the late 19th century.As the revolutionary democrats begin to rise in Russia different ideologies begin to collide.
 The Meaning of Night is the debut novel by author Michael Cox. Cox's book is a 600-page crime thriller novel set in Victorian England. It was one of four books picked for the shortlist for the Costa Book Awards prize for the debut novel of 2006 losing out to Stef Penney's The Tenderness of Wolves which went on to win the overall award for best novel of 2006.
 The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Prawn Cracker is a collection of Will Self's Real Meals column for The New Statesman. Covering such things as London Cheesecake Pizza Express ready meals and fast food cuisine. The title is a play on Milan Kundera's The Unbearable Lightness of Being.
 The Descendants is a novel written by Kaui Hart Hemmings. The highly acclaimed 2011 American film The Descendants directed by Alexander Payne with the adapted screenplay by Payne Nat Faxon and Jim Rash is based on this novel.
 Jennifer Scales and the Ancient Furnace is a science fiction novel by MaryJanice Davidson and Anthony Alongi.
 Bike is a British motorcycling magazine published by Bauer Consumer Media Ltd edited by Hugo Wilson. The magazine claims the title of Britain's best-selling motorcycle magazine based on circulation figures provided by the Audit Bureau of Circulations (ABC). Established in 1971 originally as a one-off special associated with CAR Magazine and edited by Mark Williams Bike publishes a wide-ranging mix of news tests opinion and editorial.
 BLOCK Magazine is a quarterly magazine about the African-American blues tradition. It is the Netherlands' oldest blues periodical. The magazine has been founded in Almelo in the east of the Netherlands in 1975 by Rien and Marion Wisse. They frequently tour the United States and visit record companies and artists. They have interviewed more than 200 blues artists including Solomon Burke Robert Cray Bo Diddley Al Green and Zora Young.
 Odd Girl Out is a lesbian pulp fiction novel written in 1957 by Ann Bannon (pseudonym of Ann Weldy). It is the first in a series of pulp fiction novels that eventually came to be known as The Beebo Brinker Chronicles. It was originally published in 1957 by Gold Medal Books again in 1983 by Naiad Press and again in 2001 by Cleis Press. Each edition was adorned with a different cover.
 All the Brothers Were Valiant is a 1919 novel by Ben Ames Williams. It was Williams' first novel. It has been adapted to film three times all by MGM: All the Brothers Were Valiant (1923) Across to Singapore (1928) and All the Brothers Were Valiant (1953).
 The Queen's Gambit is an American novel by Walter Tevis. The bildungsroman coming-of-age novel was originally published in 1983 and covers themes in feminism chess drug addiction and alcoholism.
 Dreamtime: Concerning the Boundary between Wilderness and Civilization is an anthropological and philosophical study of the altered states of consciousness found in shamanism and European witchcraft written by German anthropologist Hans Peter Duerr.
 The Pocket Guide to British Birds is a guide written by British naturalist and expert on wild flowers Richard Sidney Richmond Fitter and illustrated by Richard Richardson which was first published by Collins in 1952. Reprinted in 1953 and 1954 a second more revised 287-page editions was published by Collins in 1966 and in 1968.
 Cell Host & Microbe is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Cell Press. The journal was first launched in March 2007 and focuses broadly on the study of microbes with an emphasis on the interface between the microbe and its host. The journal is run by in-house editorial and production teams with full responsibility for selecting and preparing content for publication.
 College & Research Libraries News is a professional magazine that covers trends and practices affecting academic and research libraries and serves as the official news magazine and publication of record of the Association of College and Research Libraries. It was established in 1966 and is published 11 times a year. It is sometimes confused with another publication of the association College & Research Libraries.
 The Hidden Force (Dutch: De Stille Kracht) is a 1900 novel by the Dutch writer Louis Couperus. The narrative is set on the island of Java in the Dutch East Indies. The book was adapted into a 1974 Dutch TV serial. In 2010 a feature-film adaptation was announced as under development with Paul Verhoeven as director.
 Fox's Feud is the third book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series. It was first published in 1982 and has since been included in a single book with both The Fox Cub Bold and In the Grip of Winter and in the Omnibus edition (Hutchinson 1994).
 High Fidelity is a novel by British author Nick Hornby first published in 1995. It has sold over a million copies and was adapted into a 2000 film directed by Stephen Frears and starring John Cusack. It also served as the basis for a 2006 Broadway musical of the same name. In 2003 the novel was listed on the BBC's survey The Big Read.
 Please Plant This Book is Richard Brautigan's sixth poetry publication. It consists of a folded and glued folder containing eight seed packets. On the front of each is a poem. This was Brautigan's last self-publishing venture and came out in an edition of 6000. The entire edition was offered for free distribution and permission to reprint the collection was explicitly granted as long as the new printing was also offered free-of-charge.
 The Truce (Italian title: La tregua) is a book by the Italian author Primo Levi. It describes his experiences returning from the concentration camp at Auschwitz after the Second World War.
 Calvin Theological Journal is an academic journal published by Calvin Theological Seminary.
 The Chinese Gold Murders is a gong'an historical mystery novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book includes a map of the fictional town of Peng-lai.
 Crash Ryan is a four-issue comic book mini-series created by Ron Harris and published by Marvel Comics' Epic Comics line in 1984.
 Pop & rock (usually typed as Pop+rock or Pop N'Rock) is a well-known Greek magazine founded in January 2002 in Athens and devoted to music events. After its first issue it has become one of the most popular music magazines in Greece.
 The Basic Eight is the debut novel by author Daniel Handler published in 1998. The book is full of sarcastic plot devices that poke fun at high school English classes standardized testing satanic panic and talk-show analysts. For example Handler labels foreshadowing explicitly as such. In addition to creating a farce on high school English he includes vocabulary words and study questions at the end of some of Culp's diary entries.
 The Wiesbadener Kurier (also known as the WK) is a regional daily newspaper published by the Wiesbadener Kurier GmbH & Co. Verlag und Druckerei KG for the area in and around the state capital of Hesse Wiesbaden in Germany.The newspaper was created in 1945.
 Tragic Wand is a crime novel by the American writer James N. Tucker set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It opens with the story of Assistant District Attorney Tory Welch being attacked at the office of plastic surgeon Marshall Cutter. Her friend protagonist Dr. Jack Merlin surgeon part-time magician and sleuth gets involved in the case.
 All-American Comics was the flagship title of comic book publisher All-American Publications one of the forerunners of DC Comics. It ran for 102 issues from 1939 to 1948. Characters created for the title including Green Lantern the Atom Red Tornado Doctor Mid-Nite and Sargon the Sorcerer later became mainstays of the DC comics line.
 M33 in Andromeda is a collection of six science fiction stories by A. E. van Vogt first published in April 1971.
 Super Sonico (すーぱーそに子 Sūpā Soniko) is a fictional female character created for the Japanese computer and video game software company Nitroplus first appearing as a mascot for a Nitroplus-sponsored music festival in 2006. Nitroplus has since developed the character into a media franchise that includes music products manga series computer and video games toy figurines and other merchandise.
 Visible Ops Security: Achieving Common Security and IT Operations Objectives in 4 Practical Steps (2008) is the second book by IT innovator author and founder of Tripwire Gene Kim. The book was co-authored by Kevin Behr and George Spafford and published by IT Revolution Press in March 2008. The book describes how to resolve the core conflicts businesses experience to respond more quickly to urgent business needs and provide stable secure and predictable IT services.
 The Mohole Mystery is a juvenile science fiction novel the eleventh in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1968 in the US by Criterion Books in 1969 under the title The Mohole Menace. It was also published in French as Pionniers des ténèbres (literally Pioneers of Darkness) by Éditions de l'Amitié in 1973 and as A ameaça de Mohole in Portuguese by Edições Dêagã.
 Rosetta is a Star Trek: Enterprise novel which was released on 31 January 2006.
 Band of Gypsys is a book published in 2005 by writer Gwyneth Jones. It is the fourth in a series of five books written by Jones and set in a near-future version of the United Kingdom.
 Before the Fantastic Four: Reed Richards is the second of three mini-series from Marvel Comics (the other two being Before the Fantastic Four: Ben Grimm and Logan and Before the Fantastic Four: The Storms) showing adventures the core members of the Fantastic Four had in the days before they received their powers. The series centers on Reed Richards (the future Mister Fantastic) and is a semi-humorous archaeological adventure very much in the vein of the Indiana Jones movie series.
 The National Institute Economic Review is a British economics academic journal that is published quarterly by SAGE Publications on behalf of the National Institute of Economic and Social Research. The journal principally focuses on modelling and analysis education economics productivity and international economics. Each issue incorporates an overarching theme in addition to topical commentary and forecasts.
 Ourania is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
 Viipurin kaunotar (Finnish: The Beauty from Viipuri) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Beneath the City Streets: A Private Inquiry into the Nuclear Preoccupations of Government is a book by British author Peter Laurie. It details the existence and necessity of underground bunkers food depots and government safe havens throughout underground London.
 The Lurking Fear is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft in the horror fiction genre. Written in November 1922 it was first published in the January through April 1923 issues of Home Brew.
 The Yomiuri Shimbun (読売新聞) is a Japanese newspaper published in Tokyo Osaka Fukuoka and other major Japanese cities. It is part of the Yomiuri Group Japan's largest media conglomerate. It is one of the five national newspapers in Japan; the other four are the Asahi Shimbun the Mainichi Shimbun Nihon Keizai Shimbun and the Sankei Shimbun.
 Disjecta: Miscellaneous Writings and a Dramatic Fragment is a collection of previously uncollected writings by Samuel Beckett spanning his entire career. The title is derived from the Latin phrase disjecta membra meaning scattered remains or fragments usually applied to written work. The essays appear in their original language of composition (English French or German) as stipulated by Beckett since the volume is intended for scholars who should be able to read several languages.
 Superior Saturday is the sixth novel by Garth Nix in his The Keys to the Kingdom series. It follows the pattern set by the five previous novels (i.e. Arthur has to deal with the removal of the sixth Trustee of the Architect and her Will Superior Saturday).
 Computing Today was a computer magazine published by Argus Specialist Publications it was printed in the UK from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s. It began life as a supplement to Electronics Today International for four issues and became an independent publication in March 1979.It gave computer hardware and software reviews programming tutorials and program listings for many of the popular home computers of the time. UK subscription cost 10 pounds 50 pence including postage circa 1981.
 Next is a 2006 techno-thriller novel by Michael Crichton the last to be published during his lifetime. Next takes place in the present world where both the government and private investors spend billions of dollars every year on genetic research. The novel follows many characters including transgenic animals in the quest to survive in a world dominated by genetic research corporate greed and legal interventions.
 The Dalkey Archive is a novel by the Irish writer Flann O'Brien. It is his fifth and final novel published in 1964 two years before his death. It was adapted for the stage by Hugh Leonard in 1965 as The Saints Go Cycling In.
 The Bride of Newgate first published in 1950 is a historical whodunnit novel by John Dickson Carr which does not feature any of Carr's series detectives. Set in England in 1815 the book combines two literary genres historical fiction and the whodunit/detective story and after Agatha Christie's 1944 mystery Death Comes as the End is only the second novel to do so.
 The Phishing Manual: A Compendium to the Music of Phish is one of the first books to be written on the history of the band Phish. It includes the forming of the band at the University of Vermont in 1983 their rise to fame in the late 1980s and early 1990s and finally discusses their all-time highest concert sales up to 1996.The book also includes looks into the recording process the specific albums and also specific songs.
 Engage!: The Complete Guide for Brands and Businesses to Build Cultivate and Measure Success in the New Web is a bestselling book by speaker digital analyst and author Brian Solis. In Engage! Solis diagnoses the new world of social media mobile and how businesses and individuals can best market their products or services. Actor Ashton Kutcher wrote the foreword.
 NUVO is a lifestyle magazine founded by Canadian entrepreneur Pasquale Cusano which publishes Canadian and international content on a wide variety of subjects. Launched in Autumn 1998 the Lainey Gossip blog described it as a throwback to the way a magazine should be and feel with the time and the resources to make each issue something to be devoured slowly. NUVO is a member of British Columbia Association of Magazine Publishers as well as Magazines Canada.
 Nonviolent Soldier of Islam is a biography of Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan (1890-1988) an ally of Gandhi's in the Indian independence movement. Originally written by Eknath Easwaran in English foreign editions have also been published in Arabic and several other languages. The book was originally published in the United States in 1984 as A Man to Match His Mountains: Badshah Khan nonviolent soldier of Islam.
 Angélique and the King (French: Angélique et le Roy) is a 1959 novel by Anne Golon & Serge Golon the second novel in the Angélique series. Inspired by the life of Suzanne de Rougé du Plessis-Bellière known as the Marquise du Plessis-Bellière.Angélique's marriage to Jeoffrey de Peyrac is thought to be parallel to that of the daughter of Madame de Sévigné Françoise-Marguerite de Sévigné to the Comte de Grignan.In 1966 it was adapted into a film titled Angélique et le Roy.
 Etyka (Polish for ethics) is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering moral philosophy published by the Institute of Philosophy (University of Warsaw). It was established in 1966 but publication was interrupted between 1990 and 1993. Etyka publishes articles on ethics applied ethics history of ethics psychology and sociology of morality ethical education and texts concerning current ethical controversies.
 The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game is a book by Michael Lewis released in 2006 by W. W. Norton & Company. It focuses on American football.
 The Days of Perky Pat is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Gollancz in 1990 and reprints Volume IV of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick. It had not previously been published as a stand-alone volume. The stories had originally appeared in the magazines Galaxy Science Fiction Science Fiction Stories If Fantastic Universe Fantasy and Science Fiction Fantastic Worlds of Tomorrow Escapade and Amazing Stories.
 Uncle Vanya (Russian: Дядя Ваня – Dyadya Vanya) is a play by the Russian playwright Anton Chekhov. It was first published in 1897 and received its Moscow première in 1899 in a production by the Moscow Art Theatre under the direction of Konstantin Stanislavski.The play portrays the visit of an elderly professor and his glamorous much younger second wife Yeléna to the rural estate that supports their urban lifestyle.
 The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane is the first novel written by Katherine Howe published by VOICE an imprint of Hyperion (publisher). Physick Book debuted at #2 on the New York Times Hardcover Fiction Bestseller list on June 20 2009.
 Doors Open is a 2008 novel by crime writer Ian Rankin. It is his first stand alone thriller in over 10 years.The story was originally published as a serial novel in The New York Times Magazine.
 Established in 1984 and published monthly by Mondiale Publishing Ltd NIGHT magazine covers operational technical and design developments within bars clubs student unions casinos and live venues across the UK. Through its partnership with nightclub association Noctis and research arm CGA the magazine is able to provide legal political and operational guidance alongside information from installers manufacturers and service providers working within the nightclub industry.
 Master of Mosquiton (マスターモスキートン Masutā Mosukīton) is a Japanese manga series written by Hiroshi Negishi and Satoru Akahori and illustrated by Tsutomu Isomata about a girl named Hitomebore Inaho whose grandmother was in love with a vampire. Inaho appears to be a vampire expert and is obsessed with money. She meets a vampire at an all-girls Catholic high school. The manga was adapted into a 1996 original video animation series and was re-imagined into a 1997 anime televisions series.
 Shopping is the debut novel by British author Gavin Kramer published in 1998 by Fourth Estate it won the David Higham Prize the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize and was short-listed for the Whitbread First Novel Award.
 It Happened to Nancy: By an Anonymous Teenager is a book for young adults by Beatrice Sparks. It purports to be the actual diary only edited by Sparks of a teenage girl who gets AIDS through being raped. However Sparks has released similar books where the authorship has been called into question.
 The Terror is the name of a 2007 novel by American author Dan Simmons. The novel is a fictionalized account of Captain Sir John Franklin's lost expedition of HMS Erebus and HMS Terror to the Arctic to force the Northwest Passage in 1845–1848.
 kodak is a poetry collection by Patti Smith published in 1972.
 Counterknowledge: How We Surrendered to Conspiracy Theories Quack Medicine Bogus Science and Fake History is a polemic by British writer and Daily Telegraph journalist Damian Thompson which examines the dissemination and reception of fringe theories. It was published on 1 January 2008 by Atlantic Books and is Thompson's third book.
 Means of Evil is a collection of short stories by British writer Ruth Rendell. All the stories feature her popular protagonist Inspector Wexford and fill in important gaps in the chronology of the series such as Inspector Burden's second marriage. They are not considered part of the novel series but are certainly necessary for fans.
 No Hero is a superhero comic book created by writer Warren Ellis and Juan Jose Ryp.
 Ashcroft-Cache Creek Journal is a newspaper in Ashcroft British Columbia published weekly. The paper is the oldest weekly newspaper in British Columbia founded in 1895. Dr. Frank Stewart Reynolds and A.H.S. Sroufe founded the paper The British Columbia Mining Journal. By 1899 the Mining Journal was renamed The Ashcroft Journal
 The Fantasies of Robert A. Heinlein is a collection of short stories by Robert A. Heinlein an author of science fiction.The contents of the book are exactly two previous collections of Heinlein's short stories: Waldo & Magic Inc.
 Night Howlers is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992.
 Till We Have Faces: A Myth Retold is a 1956 novel by C. S. Lewis. It is a retelling of Cupid and Psyche based on its telling in a chapter of The Golden Ass of Apuleius. This story had haunted Lewis all his life because he realized that some of the main characters' actions were illogical. As a consequence his re-telling of the story is characterized by a highly developed character the narrator with the reader being drawn into her reasoning and her emotions.
 Feeling Very Strange: The Slipstream Anthology is an anthology of slipstream fiction edited by James Patrick Kelly and John Kessel published in 2006 by Tachyon Publications.
 The Sorceress: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel (often shortened to The Sorceress) is the third installment in the six-book series The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel written by Michael Scott. It serves as the sequel to The Magician and was released on 26 May 2009 in the US 1 June 2009 in Australia and 25 June 2009 in the UK. The titular sorceress refers to Perenelle Flamel.
 Kritike: An Online Journal of Philosophy is a biannual journal of philosophy published by the Department of Philosophy University of Santo Tomas. The editor-in-chief is Paolo Bolaños. The journal publishes both articles and book reviews. It focus lies on interdisciplinary approaches to philosophy especially continental philosophy analytic philosophy and East-West comparative philosophy.
 Chat is a British weekly women's magazine published through the IPC Media group and edited by Kit Williams. The magazine includes mostly real life stories.The magazine also includes weekly features such as: Ooo...Spooky! and Ruth the Truth Your Stars Ahh Kids Write to Chat Blimey! That's clever and On the Telly among others. As well as including features the magazine may include puzzles such as sudokus crosswords word search or arrowords.
 Blues for Mister Charlie is James Baldwin's second play a tragedy in three acts. It was first produced and published in 1964. It is dedicated to the memory of Medgar Evers and his widow and his children and to the memory of the dead children of Birmingham.
 Kacper Ryx is a Polish historical crime novel written by Mariusz Wollny published for the first time in 2006 by Cracow-based Wydawnictwo Otwarte. Novel features many historical characters including poets Mikołaj Sęp-Szarzyński Jan Kochanowski and Mikołaj Rej. It also features Jan Zamojski Jan Tomasz Drohojowski Zygmunt II August Mikołaj Rej Łukasz Górnicki and Erazm Czeczotka.
 Continuum: Journal of Media & Cultural Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal affiliated with the Cultural Studies Association of Australasia. It was established in 1988 by Thomas O'Regan and Brian Shoesmith. It is edited by Panizza Allmark Mark Gibson and Gregory Noble and is published by Routledge.
 Ente Katha (My Story) is an autobiography written by Kamala Surayya (Madhavikutty) in the year 1973. She was motivated to write this as she became ill and thought will not survive. The book was controversial and outspoken and had her critics gunning her after it was published in 1973; often shocking her readers with her disregard for conventions and expression of her opinions on subjects in society- more often on the hypocrisy of it.
 The Medieval Review formerly the Bryn Mawr Medieval Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1993. Originally the journal was published at the University of Washington from 1995-2007 by Western Michigan University; since 2007 it is published by Indiana University. The journal reviews books on Medieval issues. The editor-in-chief is Deborah Mauskopf Deliyannis (Indiana University).
 Octopussy and The Living Daylights (sometimes published as Octopussy) is the fourteenth and final James Bond book written by Ian Fleming in the Bond series. The book is a collection of short stories published posthumously in the United Kingdom by Jonathan Cape on 23 June 1966.The book originally contained just two stories Octopussy and The Living Daylights with subsequent editions also carrying firstly The Property of a Lady and then 007 in New York.
 Theory is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium. It was first published in 1917 so it is in the public domain.The instances are instances of imagination at work as in the creation of a poem. They are not instances of a scientific theory for they represent the particularizing quality of the imagination not the generalizing that takes place in scientific reasoning.
 Otherspace is the third and final book in the Truesight trilogy following Truesight and The Seer. It is a young adult science fiction novel by American author David Stahler Jr.
 Established in the late 1990s of South Africa out of a joint partnership between Studentwise publishers of white youth targeted SL Magazine and black youth targeted Johannesburg radio station YFM Y Magazine was conceived as the new voice of the South Africa's recently liberated black urban youth.Published under the pay-off Y - because I want to know it aimed to tap into the market that made YFM the biggest regional station at the time.
 The Sot-Weed Factor is a 1960 novel by the American writer John Barth. The novel marks the beginning of Barth's literary postmodernism.
 The Rock of Tanios (French: Le Rocher de Tanios) is a 1993 novel by the French-Lebanese writer Amin Maalouf. It received the Prix Goncourt.
 APO-Source - The African News Source is the online database of news releases of the African Press Organization (APO). Started in 2007 APO-Source offers free access to tens of thousands of Africa-related news releases themed by country industry and subject.
 Protostars is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by David Gerrold and Stephen Goldin. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in October 1971 and has been reprinted a number of times since.The book collects sixteen novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors including a few by the editors with an introduction by Gerrold.
 The Zapata Times is a weekly newspaper publication in Zapata Texas USA. It is produced by the Laredo Morning Times which is owned by the Hearst Corporation. The Zapata Times was first published on August 16 2008 and is delivered every Saturday to 4000 homes in Zapata County free of charge
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Philosophy: Fear and Trembling in Sunnydale is an academic publication relating to the fictional Buffyverse established by TV series Buffy and Angel.
 Combustion Explosion and Shock Waves (Russian: Fizika Goreniya i Vzryva Физика горения и взрыва) is the English-language translated version of the Russian peer-reviewed scientific journal Fizika Goreniya i Vzryva. It covers the combustion of gases and materials detonation processes dispersal and transformation of substances and shock-wave propagation. The editor-in-chief is Vladimir M. Titov.
 They Do It with Mirrors is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1952 under the title of Murder with Mirrors and in UK by the Collins Crime Club on 17 November that year under Christie's original title. The US edition retailed at $2.50 and the UK edition at ten shillings and sixpence (10/6). The book features her detective Miss Marple.
 The Birthday Boys is a novel by Beryl Bainbridge. First published in 1991 this book tells the story of Captain Robert Scott's 1910-13 expedition to Antarctica.
 Blaming the Victims: Spurious Scholarship and the Palestinian Question is a collection of essays co-edited by Palestinian scholar and advocate Edward Said and journalist and author Christopher Hitchens published by Verso Books in 1988 (ISBN 978-0-86091-887-5). It contains essays by Said and Hitchens as well as other prominent advocates and activists including Ibrahim Abu-Lughod Janet L. Abu-Lughod Noam Chomsky Norman G.
 Moving Mars is a science fiction novel written by Greg Bear. Published in 1993 it won the 1994 Nebula Award for Best Novel and was also nominated for the 1994 Hugo Locus and John W. Campbell Memorial Awards each in the same category. The main focus of Moving Mars is the coming of age and development of Casseia Majumdar the narrator as political tensions over revolutionary scientific discoveries build between Earth and Martian factions and Mars tries to unify itself.
 The Irish Construction Industry Magazine is a bimonthly trade magazine circulated to construction and building professionals in Ireland and the United Kingdom.
 Kokoro Connect (ココロコネクト Kokoro Konekuto lit. Hearts Connect) is a Japanese light novel series written by Sadanatsu Anda with illustrations by Shiromizakana. The series includes 11 volumes published by Enterbrain between January 2010 and March 2013. Two manga adaptations have been published by Enterbrain and Kadokawa Shoten. A 13-episode anime adaptation directed by Shinya Kawatsura and produced by Silver Link aired in Japan between July and September 2012.
 The Fuldaer Zeitung is a regional German daily newspaper for the city of Fulda and its region the east of Hesse published since 1 January 1874. As of 2012 with its regional subsidiaries (Kinzigtal-Nachrichten Hünfelder Zeitung and Schlitzer Bote) it has a total circulation of over 51000.The newspaper was founded by Johannes Parzeller owner of the Fulda printing and publishing company Parzeller Verlag.
 Accusations is the second book in the series of original science fiction novels based on the Emmy Award-winning series Babylon 5 created by J. Michael Straczynski. This book is authored by Lois Tilton.The novel is set somewhere in the season 2 timeline of the Babylon 5 TV series between Points of Departure and Divided Loyalties.
 Tides of Flame was an insurrectionist-anarchist newspaper published in Seattle WA. Tides of Flame regularly re-printed communiques claiming responsibility for property destruction taking place in the Puget Sound region. This had the effect of attracting attention from reviewers at The Stranger a Seattle-based alternative newsweekly. Tides of Flame announced the ceasing of publication on December 17 2012 recapping many of the themes and events covered by the publication.
 Spider-Man: Reign is a four-issue comic book limited series featuring Spider-Man written and illustrated by Kaare Andrews and published by Marvel Comics. Set 30 years into Spider-Man's future in Earth-70237 it features a retired Spider-Man who returns to combat the injustices of a vastly different New York City.
 The first novel in David Weber's popular Honor Harrington series On Basilisk Station follows Commander Honor Harrington and Her Majesty’s light cruiser Fearless during their assignment to the Basilisk system.
 Forbidden Lore is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992.
 White Boots is a children's novel by Noel Streatfeild. It was first published by Collins publishers in 1951. The book was published under the title Skating Shoes in the US also in 1951. White Boots tells the story of a poor girl and a rich girl who meet as a result of ice skating and is the tale of their unlikely friendship.
 Dulcie and Decorum is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in the March 1955 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction. In 1969 it was reprinted by Gollancz in the collection Off Centre.The title is a play on the first words of Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori the Latin phrase meaning It is sweet and fitting to die for one's country.
 The International Journal of Women's Health is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal focusing on all aspects of women's health care including obstetrics gynecology and breast cancer. The editor-in-chief is Elie D. Al-Chaer (University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences). The journal is published by Dove Medical Press and it is abstracted and indexed in EMBASE and Scopus.
 Every Day is Mother's Day is the first novel by British author Hilary Mantel published in 1985 by Chatto and Windus. It was inspired in part by Hilary Mantel's own experiences as a social work assistant at a geriatric hospital which involved visits to patients in the community and access to case notes the loss of which play an important part of the novel.
 Earl Cain (Japanese: 伯爵カインシリーズ Hepburn: Hakushaku Kain Shirīzu) also known as Count Cain is a gothic shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Kaori Yuki.
 Horrible Geography is a series of books which is a spin-off of the Horrible Histories series written by Anita Ganeri illustrated by Mike Phillips and published in the UK by Scholastic. They are designed to get children interested in Geography by concentrating on the trivial unusual gory or unpleasant. The series currently has 21 titles including specials activity books and handbooks.
 Hull: Hell and Fire is an account of the arson investigations which led to the arrest of Bruce George Peter Lee. It was written by Ronald Sagar one of the police officers on the case. The book was written in English and numbers 198 pages. It was published by Highgate Publications.
 The Black Ice is the second novel by American crime author Michael Connelly featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus Harry Bosch.In the book narcotics officer Calexico Moore's body is discovered Christmas night in a seedy Hollywood motel an apparent suicide. As the L.A. police higher-ups converge on the scene to protect the department from scandal Harry Bosch inserts himself into the investigation.
 Atomic Lobster is the tenth novel by Tim Dorsey. It was released January 27 2008. It follows overly zealous serial killer Serge A. Storms.
 Neural Computation is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering aspects of neural computation. Articles highlight problems and techniques in modeling the brain and in the design and construction of neurally-inspired information processing systems. Neural Computation was founded in 1989 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press.
 Brothers of Earth is a 1976 science fiction novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was the second of Cherryh's novels to be published appearing after Gate of Ivrel although she had completed and submitted Brothers of Earth first. Donald A.
 The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922. The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion for the beautiful Daisy Buchanan.
 Tikki Tikki Tembo is a 1968 picture book written by Arlene Mosel and illustrated by Blair Lent. The book tells the story of a Chinese boy with a long name who fell into a well. It is a sort of origin myth about why Chinese names are so short today. The book is controversial because it appears to retell a Japanese story and because it does not portray Chinese culture accurately.
 Coppelion (コッペリオン Kopperion) is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Tomonori Inoue. The story follows three high school girls who were genetically engineered to be impervious to radioactivity and sent to Tokyo after the city was contaminated by a nuclear accident. An anime adaption by GoHands aired from October 2 2013 to December 25 2013 in Japan with a simulcast airing on the same day in Asia on Animax Asia.
 Jakobstads Tidning (abbr. JT) was a Swedish language regional newspaper in Finland 1898-2008. Its headquarters were located in Jakobstad with local offices located in Kokkola and Nykarleby. In 2008 it merged with Österbottningen to form Österbottens Tidning.
 That Old Ace in the Hole is a 2002 novel by Annie Proulx.
 The San Francisco Examiner is a free daily newspaper distributed in and around San Francisco California United States. Traditionally one of the city's leading newspapers the Examiner has been published continuously since the late 19th century.The longtime Monarch of the Dailies and flagship of the Hearst Corporation chain the Examiner converted to free distribution early in the 21st century and is now independently owned by the San Francisco Newspaper Company LLC.
 Boba Fett: The Fight to Survive is a science fiction book by Terry Bisson set in the Star Wars galaxy at the beginning of the Clone Wars. It was published in 2003 by Scholastic Press. The book takes place less than a month after the Battle of Geonosis in Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 22 years before the Battle of Yavin in Episode IV: A New Hope.In August 2008 the first three books in this series were repackaged as a Borders exclusive hardcover edition.
 The Purchase of the North Pole or Topsy-Turvy (French: Sans dessus dessous) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne published in 1889. It is a sequel to From the Earth to the Moon featuring the same characters from the Baltimore Gun Club but set twenty years later.Like some other books of his later years in this novel Verne tempers his love of science and engineering with a good dose of irony about their potential for harmful abuse and the fallibility of human endeavors.
 Deathmasques is an original novel written by Dave Stone and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd. It also features the character Detective-Judge Armitage who appears in his own series in the Judge Dredd Megazine.
 The Black Wheel is a fantasy novel written by A. Merritt and Hannes Bok. Merritt had completed the first seven chapters roughly 20000 words before his death in 1943. Bok wrote the remainder of the novel twenty chapters of more than 60000 words working from a sketchy plot outline left by Merritt.
 Green Lantern: New Guardians is an American comic book series originally written by Tony Bedard with art by Tyler Kirkham and Batt and published by DC Comics.The team consists of representatives of each of the Corps that tap into a particular portion of the emotional spectrum.
 The Order is the name of two fictional comic book superhero teams in the Marvel Comics universe. The first team was a brief offshoot of the team Defenders and the second is part of an initiative to place a superhero team in each state of the United States.
 Earth in Flower is a comprehensive historical analysis of Southeast Asia’s most esoteric female performing art: the ancient Khmer classical dance formerly known as the Royal Ballet of Cambodia.
 Experimental Aging Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on life span and aging from a psychological and psychobiological perspective. It is published by Routledge. The editor-in-chief is Jeffrey W. Elias.
 Honour Among Thieves (1993) is a novel by English author Jeffrey Archer. The book takes place in 1993 with Saddam Hussein planning to retaliate against the United States after the events of the Gulf War.When the United States defeats Iraq in the 1991 Gulf War Saddam Hussein plans to humiliate the victors by stealing the American Declaration of Independence and publicly burning it on 4 July in full view of world media.
 ACS Combinatorial Science (usually abbreviated as ACS. Comb. Sci.) formerly The Journal of Combinatorial Chemistry (1999-2010) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1999 by the American Chemical Society. The impact factor in 2007 of this journal was 3.154JCS is currently indexed in: Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS) SCOPUS EBSCOhost PubMed and Web of Science.The current Editor is M.G.
 The Alleghany News is a weekly newspaper published in Sparta NC. The paper has its origins in The Alleghany Star which was first published in 1889 by a man named A. S. Carson. In the 1930s the Alleghany Star merged with Alleghany Times and became Alleghany News.
 Self-Efficacy: The Exercise of Control is a book on scientific psychology written by Albert Bandura. The book was originally published in the United States in 1997. Translations have been published in Chinese French Italian and Korean.As its title suggests the book focuses on the various aspects of self-efficacy i.e. a person's belief in their own competence.
 1227 QI Facts To Blow Your Socks Off is the sixth in a series of books based on the intellectual British panel game QI written by series-creator John Lloyd director of research John Mitchinson and chief researcher James Harkin. Published on 1 November 2012 (September 9 2013 in the US) it is a trivia book containing 1227 facts collected during the making of the series which had been ten years in the making at the time of publication.
 Africa Today is an academic journal publishing studies on Africa covering a full range of political economic and social topics.
 The Lamar Ledger is a twice weekly newspaper in Lamar Colorado. It has a second publication called The Tri-State Trader TMC product which publishes once a week. The Lamar Ledger is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing a division of MediaNews Group. General Manager: Tracy Godinez Editor: Lance Maggart Sports Editor: John Contreras Advertising: Rick Stagner and Ed Bennett Circulation/Reception: Sara DeLaRosa.
 HighEnd Teen is an Indonesian magazine based in Jakarta. Published in 2008. The teenage spin-off of HighEnd magazine it targeted teenage boys and girls and is well known as the pioneer in local English teen magazine in Indonesia. The magazine has successfully became one of the trusted source of information and reading-tainment for teenagers all over Indonesia.
 The Best of Science Fiction published in 1946 is the first of more than forty science fiction anthologies edited by Groff Conklin.
 For other meanings see Casina (disambiguation).Casina is a Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.Plautus often employed stock characters in his plays. For example the slave who is free born the wife that is smarter than her husband the dirty old man chasing after the young lady. In Casina all three of these are seen.
 Lighthouse Digest is a specialty magazine for lighthouse and maritime history enthusiasts published in East Machias Maine. Launched in May 1992 by FogHorn Publishing it is dedicated to preserving lighthouse history current and yesteryear for future generations.
 The Touchstone is a novella written by Edith Wharton. It was published in 1900 and was her first published novella.
 The Journal is an independent fortnightly local newspaper produced by students at seven major higher and further education institutes in Edinburgh. It is distributed at a number of locations across the city's universities and colleges as well as at bars and cafés throughout the Scottish capital.
 Computer Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the AGH University of Science and Technology (Kraków Poland) and edited by faculty members of the Departments of Computer Science and Automatics. The journal was established in 1999 and since beginning of 2012 is published quarterly. The editor-in-chief is Jacek Kitowski.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Nineteenth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0312288792) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2002. It is the 19th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series. It received the Locus Award for best anthology in 2003.
 Journal of Humanistic Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Kirk J. Schneider (Existential-Humanistic Institute). It has been in publication since 1961 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Shiva Option published by Baen Books is the sequel to David Weber and Steve White's military science fiction novel In Death Ground.
 Le Chef-d’œuvre inconnu (English The Unknown Masterpiece) is a short story by Honoré de Balzac. It was first published in the newspaper L'Artiste with the title Maître Frenhofer (English: Master Frenhofer) in August 1831. It appeared again later in the same year under the title Catherine Lescault conte fantastique. It was published in Balzac's Études philosophiques in 1837 and was integrated into the La Comédie humaine in 1846.
 The Wall Street Journal Europe is a daily English-language newspaper that covers global and regional business news for Europe the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Published by Dow Jones & Company (a News Corp company) it forms part of the business publication franchise which includes The Wall Street Journal The Wall Street Journal Asia and The Wall Street Journal Online (WSJ.com).
 The Record of a Pilgrimage to China in Search of the Law (入唐求法巡禮行記 nittō guhō junreikōki) is a four volume diary written by Ennin a Japanese Buddhist monk in China during the ninth century. He was one of eight Japanese Buddhists who studied in China at that time. He wrote his diary while he went on a Buddhist pilgrimage to China for nine and a half years (838-847). The books are translated into English as two volumes by Professor Edwin O.
 Kender Gully Dwarves and Gnomes is an anthology of fantasy stories published by TSR Inc. in 1987. It was published under the Dragonlance brand name and is set in that brand's fictional world of Krynn. It is the eighth Dragonlance novel to be published and the second book in the Dragonlance Tales series all three books of which are anthologies of stories set in the Dragonlance milieu. The other two books in this series are The Magic of Krynn and Love and War.
 Hope Was Here is a 2000 novel by Joan Bauer</sup>. It was declared a Newbery Honor Book in 2001.
 Sailor Moon known in Japan as Pretty Soldier Sailormoon or Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon (美少女戦士セーラームーン Bishōjo Senshi Sērāmūn) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoko Takeuchi. Fred Patten credits Takeuchi with popularizing the concept of a team of magical girls and Paul Gravett credits the series with revitalizing the magical girl genre itself.
 Barrel Fever and Other Stories is a 1994 collection of short stories and essays by David Sedaris. The book is divided into two sections. The first section consists of short fiction and the second half contains autobiographical essays. The most famous of the essays is SantaLand Diaries the essay that made Sedaris famous when he read it on National Public Radio in 1992. The essay tells of his experiences working as an elf at Macy's.
 The Joe Pitt Casebooks are an ongoing series of supernatural noir thrillers written by American author Charlie Huston. Each casebook chronicles Joe Pitt's life as well as his struggles in the underground of vampyre clans of New York. At first Pitt is an unaffiliated vampyre living in between the cracks by doing jobs for various clans in exchange for blood and freedom. However as the series progresses this shifts and Pitt's life evolves with each book.
 Next Left Notes (NLN) is an independent radical publication and weblog connected to the 2006 re-incarnation of Students for a Democratic Society (SDS). NLN began producing print versions in March 2008 - to mark its 4th anniversary.
 Sidney Sheldon's After the Darkness is a 2010 novel by Tilly Bagshawe. Bagshawe began writing Sidney Sheldon works after the latter's death in 2007. After writing Mistress of the Game Tilly Bagshawe once again recaptured the late Sidney Sheldon’s way of thriller writing in After the Darkness. The novel echoes the Bernie Madoff scandal in America.The author contends that she “[wrote] and research[ed] as Sidney did. I pretty much read all his work dreaming it and thought it to get it right.
 Why We Suck: A Feel Good Guide to Staying Fat Loud Lazy and Stupid is a 2008 book by Irish-American television and movie star comedian and social commentator Denis Leary.
 Kill Now—Pay Later is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first serialized in three issues of The Saturday Evening Post (December 9 16 and 23–30 1961). It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Trio for Blunt Instruments published by the Viking Press in 1964.
 Gate Keepers (ゲートキーパーズ Gēto Kīpāzu) is primarily a role-playing video game for the PlayStation. The game was then adapted into a manga series written by Hiroshi Yamaguchi (山口 宏 Yamaguchi Hiroshi) and drawn by Keiji Gotoh and an anime series produced by Gonzo and first aired on April 3 2000.A six episode original video animation (OVA) sequel Gate Keepers 21 was released in 2002.
 The Samoa Observer is the largest newspaper group in Samoa published in both English and Samoan. The Samoa Observer is published Monday to Friday the Weekend Observer on Saturdays and the Sunday Samoan on Sundays with all editions available online. Coverage includes local and international news editorial opinion sports and investigative journalism.
 The Sermon of St. Francis is a poem written by American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (1807–1882). It is part of his collection Birds of Passage.
 B.P.R.D.: The Black Flame is the fifth trade paperback collection in the B.P.R.D. series.
 Cowl is a 2004 science fiction novel by Neal Asher. The novel deals with time travel and an epic time war between two factions from the 43rd century. Asher first started working on the novel as a novella named Cowl At The Beginning which he eventually developed into the full novel Cowl.
 Kuhinjica (Serbian Cyrillic: Кухињица) is a popular culinary magazine in Serbia published by Scorpion production. The first issue came out in April 2007. Besides the magazine there are also a TV serial and a web site with more than 15.000 recipes.
 Muteki Kanban Musume (無敵看板娘 lit. The Unbeatable Delivery Girl) is a Japanese manga series by Jun Sadogawa. It was serialized between May 2002 and February 2006 in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion and was collected in 17 volumes. A sequel titled Muteki Kanban Musume N was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion between March 2006 and April 2007 and was collected in five volumes.
 Biotropica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association for Tropical Biology & Conservation.
 Conan and the Gods of the Mountain is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in May 1993 and reprinted in November 1998.
 Play Ball (Japanese: プレイボール Hepburn: Purei Bōru) is a manga series by Akio Chiba which ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1973 to 1978 which was adapted in 2005 and 2006 into an anime series by Magic Bus aired across Japan on the anime satellite television network Animax.
 Cockroach is a dark comedy book by Canadian author Rawi Hage. It was released in 2008 published by W.W. Norton & Company. It is a teen/adult book for advanced literature.
 Elephant is a 1964 science book by L. Sprague de Camp published by Pyramid Books as part of The Worlds of Science series.The book treats its subject comprehensively covering elephants in captivity and the wild their use in ancient warfare modern conflicts between elephants and farmers and preservation efforts among other topics.
 The Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World is a book by Richard Howard and Alick Moore which presents a list of the bird species of the world. It was the first single-volume world bird list to include subspecies names and until the publication of the 5th edition of James Clements' Checklist of Birds of the World was the only one to do so.It is currently in its third edition (2003) and is published by Christopher Helm in the UK.
 Disney Fairies is a Disney franchise built around the character of Tinker Bell from Disney's 1953 animated film Peter Pan subsequently adopted as a mascot for the company. In addition to the fictional fairy character created by J. M. Barrie the franchise introduces many new characters and expands substantially upon the limited information the author gave about the fairies and their home of Never Land. The characters are referred to within stories as Neverland fairies.
 Zootaxa is a peer-reviewed scientific journal for animal taxonomists. It is published by Magnolia Press (Auckland New Zealand). The journal was established by Zhi-Qiang Zhang in 2001 and new issues are published multiple times a week. As of March 2013 more than 26300 new taxa have been described in the journal.
 Awful Splendour: A Fire History of Canada is a 2007 non-fiction book by American environmental historian Stephen J. Pyne. It examines the natural social and political history of forest fires in Canada.
 The Boy in the Oak is a 2010 children's book written and illustrated by Jessica Albarn. It is a fantasy about a boy who discovers an oak tree in his family's back garden. The book contains detailed pencil drawings of fairies insects and children. It also contains translucent pages with close-up photographs of insects tree bark flowers and other images from nature. Albarn showcased the book as part of the Port Eliot Festival in 2010.
 The Laws of Scotland: Stair Memorial Encyclopaedia (commonly referred to as the Stair Memorial Encyclopaedia) is an encyclopaedia of law in Scotland. It incorporates law derived from every source and while concentrating on the specialities of Scots law it also covers law common to the whole of the United Kingdom. Each statement of law is supported by citation of authority and there are references to sources of further information both primary and secondary.
 Fight Club is a 1996 novel by Chuck Palahniuk. It follows the experiences of an unnamed protagonist struggling with insomnia. Inspired by his doctor's exasperated remark that insomnia is not suffering the protagonist finds relief by impersonating a seriously ill person in several support groups.
 Weltschmerz is a weekly comic strip in Canada written and drawn by cartoonist Gareth Lind. The strip which is published in alternative newsweeklies such as Eye Weekly offers political and social satire with a regular cast of characters similar to Doonesbury by Garry Trudeau but with more emphasis on caricature.Characters in the strip include computer geek Horst Weltschmerz his girlfriend Celia Jones his friends Frank Cindy Cosmo and Max and Max's partner Des.
 The Journal of the Early Republic is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on the early culture and history of the United States from 1776–1861. The journal is published by the University of Pennsylvania Press on behalf of the Society for Historians of the Early American Republic. The editors-in-chief are David Waldstreicher and Jonathan Daniel Wells (Temple University).
 The Princess Diaries Volume VII and 1/2: Sweet Sixteen Princess is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2005 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the third novella in the series.[citation needed]
 The Revista Chilena de Historia Natural is a bilingual open access scientific journal published by the Sociedad de Biología de Chile covering research in many areas of biology. It was established in 1897 by Carlos Porter.
 Encounter With Tiber (ISBN 0-340-62451-5) is a 1996 science fiction novel written by former astronaut Buzz Aldrin and science fiction writer John Barnes. A working title used on some advance covers for the British edition was The Tides of Tiber.
 Urban was a Danish free daily newspaper owned by Det Berlingske Officin. It was launched on September 24 2001 shortly after the competing free daily MetroXpress (the Danish edition of the Metro newspaper). Circulation in second half of 2008 was 196752. It closed on January 12 2012.
 Journey to Infinity is a 1951 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Martin Greenberg. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Amazing Stories and Future.
 The Interpretation of Cultures: Selected Essays is a book written by American anthropologist Clifford Geertz. The book was listed in the Times Literary Supplement as one of 100 the most important publications since World War Two.
 Queen Bees and Wannabes is a 2002 self-help book by Rosalind Wiseman. It focuses on the ways in which girls in high schools form cliques and on patterns of aggressive teen girl behavior and how to deal with them. The book was in large part the basis for the movie Mean Girls (2004).
 Acorna's Search (2001) is a fantasy or science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough. It was the fifth in the Acorna Universe series initiated by McCaffrey and Margaret Ball in Acorna: The Unicorn Girl (1997). Search was preceded by Acorna's World and followed by Acorna's Rebels.
 The Android's Dream is a science fiction novel by John Scalzi.
 Keeping the Moon is a young adult novel by author Sarah Dessen. It is her third novel and was first published in 1999.
 The Icarus Hunt is a science fiction novel by Timothy Zahn. It was first published in hardcover in August 1999 and was released in paperback in July 2000. It is an homage to the thriller novels of Alistair MacLean.
 Constitutional Political Economy is a journal on constitutional economics published by Springer since 1990. Originally triannual it has been a quarterly since 1996.The broad subject of the journal is constitutional analysis including papers on theoretical and empirical research and on constitutional policy issues.
 Cube Route is the twenty-seventh book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Diseases from Space was a highly controversial book when it first came out in 1979.[citation needed] The book develops the hypothesis that many of the most common diseases which afflict mankind such as influenza the common cold and whooping cough have their origins in extraterrestrial sources. The two authors argue the case for outer space being the main source for these pathogens- or at least their causative agents.
 The Sunless City: From the Papers and Diaries of the Late Josiah Flintabbatey Flonatin (or simply The Sunless City) is a dime novel written by J. E. Preston Muddock in 1905. The novel is about a prospector named Josiah Flintabbaty Flonatin who explores a bottomless lake in a submarine and discovers a land where everything is backwards. The title character is the namesake for the city of Flin Flon Manitoba Canada.
 The Seven Lady Godivas: The True Facts Concerning History's Barest Family is a picture book of the tale of Lady Godiva written and illustrated by Dr. Seuss. One of Seuss's few books written for adults its original 1939 publication by Random House was a failure and was eventually remaindered. However it later gained popularity as Seuss himself grew in fame and was republished in 1987.
 The Watering Place is a play written by Lyle Kessler. His first full length it debuted on Broadway starring Shirley Knight and William DevaneMichael Langham the initial director of the play and future director at Juilliard came to its producer Eugene Persson and begged him to let him direct it.
 Before the Fact (1932) is a novel by Anthony Berkeley writing under the pen name Francis Iles.Iles' novel is experimental in that it is not a whodunit: It does not take long to determine the identity of the villain and his motives. According to Colin Dexter Before the Fact is a crime novel rather than a detective novel with Iles being the father of the psychological suspense novel as we know it today for his authorship of Malice Aforethought (1931) and Before the Fact (1932).
 Liberalism (original German title: Liberalismus) is an influential book by Austrian School economist and libertarian thinker Ludwig von Mises containing economic analysis and indicting critique of socialism. It was first published in 1927 by Gustav Fischer Verlag in Jena and defending classical liberal ideology based on individual property rights.
 CounterPunch is a monthly magazine published in the United States that covers politics in a manner its editors describe as muckraking with a radical attitude. It has been described as left-wing by both supporters and detractorsCounterPunch magazine has published frequent commentaries by the late Alexander Cockburn and current editor-in-chief Jeffrey St. Clair and editor Joshua Frank with regular contributions by a wide range of others.
 The Touch is a historical novel by Colleen McCullough published in 2003. It is about the life of a Scotswoman Elizabeth Drummond who travels from her home in Kinross Scotland to New South Wales in order to marry her wealthy cousin Alexander Kinross. The story takes place over the latter half of the 19th century.
 The Wind (1925) a supernatural novel by Dorothy Scarborough depicts the loneliness of life in a small Texas town during the 1880s. It was later made into a film called The Wind (1928) starring Lilian Gish. She originally published this novel anonymously anticipating a rough reception in Texas.According to Texas folklorist J.
 Nonkilling Global Political Science is a 2002 book written by political scientist Glenn D. Paige. In his book Paige challenges the violence-accepting assumptions of the discipline of political science as a whole.
 TechnoKill is the fifth novel of the military science fiction StarFist Saga written by David Sherman and Dan Cragg. This book in the series once again follows 3rd Platoon Company L 34th FIST under Gunnery Sergeant Bass. This time they head to an alien planet to hatch open a nefarious conspiracy of corruption at the highest levels of Confederation power.
 Neat Stuff is an American alternative comic book series created by Peter Bagge and published by Fantagraphics. It ran from 1985 to 1989 for fifteen issues. Each takes the form of a series of short stories featuring different sets of characters although some issues feature full-length stories relating to just one set of characters. The series was Bagge's first one-man comics anthology.
 When China Rules the World: The End of the Western World and the Birth of a New Global Order is a book by British journalist and scholar Martin Jacques. It was released in 2009. It aroused a serious discussion in the United States and globally about the role of China in the creation of the new 21st century world order.
 A Child Across the Sky is a novel by the American writer Jonathan Carroll published in 1990. It tells the story of two friends in Hollywood and the mysterious death of one of them.
 The Daily Record is a Scottish tabloid newspaper based in Glasgow. It had a paid circulation in November 2012 of 253500 (ABC). It is now outsold by its arch-rival the Scottish Sun which had a circulation of 286000 in Scotland (ABC). Current circulation is far less than the all-time high of 766000 achieved in 1984 when it enjoyed the second highest market saturation in the world.
 Worlds of the Imperium is a science-fiction novel by Keith Laumer. It originally appeared in Fantastic Stories of the Imagination between February and April 1961. The following year it was published by Ace Books.
 Antic Hay is a comic novel by Aldous Huxley published in 1923. The story takes place in London and depicts the aimless or self-absorbed cultural elite in the sad and turbulent times following the end of World War I.The book follows the lives of a diverse cast of characters in bohemian artistic and intellectual circles.
 Crispin: The Cross of Lead is a 2002 children's novel written by Avi. It was the winner of the 2003 Newbery Medal. Its sequel Crispin: At the Edge of the World was released in 2006. The final book that completes the trilogy Crispin: The End of Time was released in 2010.
 A Game of Thrones is the comic book adaptation of George R. R. Martin's fantasy novel A Game of Thrones the first in the A Song of Ice and Fire series.
 Annals of Anatomy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of anatomy published by Elsevier under its Urban and Fischer imprint. It was established in 1886 by Karl von Bardeleben and until 1991 was published under the title Anatomischer Anzeiger (ISSN 0003-2786) by Gustav Fischer Verlag.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.960 ranking it seventh out of 20 journals in the category Anatomy & Morphology.
 Dark Mirror is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: What is the true reflection of a champion? (The promotional image of the 'Book cover' above has the wrong tagline).
 The Rook is the 2012 debut novel of Australian author Daniel O'Malley. The epistolary novel follows protagonist Myfanwy (pronounced like Tiffany with an M) Thomas as she attempts to re-integrate into her life of administrating a clandestine government organization responsible for protecting the U.K. from supernatural threats.
 Faded Steel Heat is the ninth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 The Richfield Reaper is a weekly newspaper serving the people of south central Utah printed and published in Richfield Utah United States. Its primary areas of coverage include Sevier Wayne and Piute counties but it is also read in homes in Sanpete and Garfield counties. Available on newsstands Tuesday evenings it is published and delivered via the US Postal Service on Wednesday.
 Decoding the Heavens: A 2000-Year-old Computer and the Century Long Search to Discover Its Secrets by Jo Marchant is an exploration of the history and significance of the Antikythera Mechanism (/ˌæntɪkɪˈθɪərə/ AN-ti-ki-THEER-ə) an ancient mechanical calculator (also described as the first known mechanical computer) designed to calculate astronomical positions. Technological artifacts of similar complexity did not reappear until a thousand years later.
 Hitch-22: A Memoir are the memoirs written by author and journalist Christopher Hitchens. The book was published in May 2010 by Atlantic Books in the UK and June 2010 by Twelve an imprint of Hachette Book Group USA and was later nominated for a National Book Critics Circle Award. The planned worldwide tour for the book was cut short later the same month during the American leg so that the author could begin treatment for newly diagnosed oesophageal cancer.
 Trouble with Lichen (published 1960) is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham.
 A Face in the Crowd is a novella by Stephen King and Stewart O'Nan originally published as an e-book on August 21 2012 as well as an audiobook read by Craig Wasson.
 Genkaku Picasso (幻覚ピカソ（げんかくぴかそ） Hallucinatory Picasso) is a three-volume manga series by Usamaru Furuya (古屋兎丸 Furuya Usamaru) a former doujinshi artist. It was serialized in Shueisha's Jump Square magazine with collected editions released in 2009-2010; an English edition was released by Viz Media in 2010-2011 in its Shonen Jump manga division.
 Zhodzinskiya Naviny (Жодзінскія Навіны; Zhodino News) is a newspaper published in Zhodzina Belarus.
 The Book of Lost Things is a fantasy novel by John Connolly. The book follows David a twelve year-old boy who struggles with his mother's death and his father's remarriage. When a World War II bomber plane crashes into his garden he finds himself in the fantasy world of his books; he must find the King who can return him to his home. The novel takes a fresh look at traditional fairy tales following a child's journey into adulthood.
 The Iolo Manuscripts are a collection of manuscripts compiled into a Welsh Bardic and Druidic theology book written by Iolo Morganwg edited by Taliesin Williams and published in 1848.
 The Survivors of the Chancellor: Diary of J. R. Kazallon Passenger (French: Le Chancellor: Journal du passager J.-R. Kazallon) is an 1875 novel written by Jules Verne about the final voyage of a British sailing ship the Chancellor told from the perspective of one of its passengers (in the form of a diary).
 The Chico Enterprise-Record is the daily newspaper of Chico California. Also known as the E-R the newspaper was first published in Bidwell Bar California as the Butte Record in 1853 and is now part of the MediaNews Group corporation who took control of the paper from Donrey in 1999. Donrey had owned the paper since March 14 1983.
 The Daily Toreador also known as The DT is the student newspaper of Texas Tech University in Lubbock Texas. The newspaper was first published in 1925 as The Toreador and later changed its name to The University Daily before arriving at the current name in 2005. All content for The DT is produced by a staff of nearly 40 editors reporters and photographers.
 Sugar and Spike is the title of a comic book series published by DC Comics from 1956 through 1971 and the names of the main protagonists. The series was created written and drawn by Sheldon Mayer.
 Lazzat Un Nisa (from Arabic: لذات النساء‎ The Pleasure of Woman) is an erotic Indian story. It depicts the art of sex through The role of jewellery and perfume in lovemaking erotic writing as literature and pornography as aphrodisiac. The Book was hand-illustrated and hand-copied in Urdu and Persian in 1850 by writer Mohammed Abdul Latif Muzdar Mehdune.
 Children of the Atom is a 1953 science fiction novel by Wilmar H. Shiras which has been listed as one of The Most Significant SF & Fantasy Books of the Last 50 Years 1953-2002. The book is a collection and expansion of three earlier stories the most famous of which is the novella In Hiding from 1948 which appeared on several Best SF lists.
 Jazz Forum was a Britain-based quarterly review of jazz and literature founded and edited by Albert J. McCarthy (1920–1987) and published by the Delphic Press from 1946 — surviving only five issues until 1947. According to jazz historians Peter Clayton and Peter Gammond the publication was on the arty side offering good features by distinguished contributors.
 Corporate Knights (CK) is a media research and financial information products company based in Toronto Canada focused on promoting an economic system where prices fully incorporate social economic and ecological costs and benefits and market participants are clearly aware of the consequences of their actions. The company calls such as system clean capitalism. Founded in 2002 Corporate Knights Inc.
 Obama Zombies: How the Liberal Machine Brainwashed My Generation is a book written by Jason Mattera. Published in 2010 by Simon and Schuster the book purports to reveal methods that Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign used to organize or mislead young voters.
 Asian Survey (subtitled A Bimonthly Review of Contemporary Asian Affairs; ISSN 0004-4687) is a bimonthly academic journal of Asian studies published by the University of California Press (Berkeley California USA) on behalf of the Institute of East Asian Studies at the University of California Berkeley. Asian Survey provides a comprehensive retrospective of contemporary international relations within and among South Southeast and East Asian nations.
 The Picture in the House is a short story written by H. P. Lovecraft. It was written on December 12 1920 and first published in the July 1919 issue of The National Amateur-- which actually was published in the summer of 1921.
 The Outcasts is the first in a series of novels called Brotherband by Australian author John Flanagan. The book was released in Australia and the United States on 1 November 2011 and in New Zealand on 4 November 2011.
 The Big U (1984) is Neal Stephenson's first published novel a satire of campus life.
 The Pogostick is an unfinished comic book series written by Al Columbia and drawn by Ethan Persoff. It is a black comedy about the day-to-day struggles of Audrey Grinfield a mentally disturbed office worker at an industrial design firm. Two issues were published by Fantagraphics Books in February and December 2003 before the story was abandoned. The Pogostick was well received by critics and was nominated for a 2004 Harvey Award for Best New Series.
 The Angel's Game (El juego del ángel 2008) is a prequel to 2001's The Shadow of the Wind by Spanish author Carlos Ruiz Zafón. Like The Shadow of the Wind it was translated into English by Lucia Graves daughter of the poet Robert Graves and published in 2009.The Angel's Game is set in Barcelona in the 1920s and 1930s and follows a young writer David Martin who is approached by a mysterious figure to write a book.
 Nowy Dziennik (Polish pronunciation: [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdʑɛɲɲik] The New Daily as a reference to New York) with an English subtitle Polish Daily News is a Polish-language daily newspaper published daily except Sundays and Holidays in New York City by Bicentennial Publishing (until June 2011) and Outwater Media Group (nowadays) with the headquarters in Garfield NJ.It was founded on April 4 1971 by the journalist Bolesław Wierzbiański (1913 – 2003) the newspaper's first editor-in-chief.
 Tempting Faith: An Inside Story of Political Seduction is a controversial book by former Bush White House Deputy Director of the Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives David Kuo. The book asserts that the Republican Party under the leadership of Karl Rove hijacked and manipulated faith organizations to ensure their support of Republican candidates.
 Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth (often shortened to Batman: Arkham Asylum) is a Batman graphic novel written by Grant Morrison and illustrated by Dave McKean. It was originally published in the United States in both hardcover and softcover editions by DC Comics in 1989. The subtitle is taken from line 55 of the Philip Larkin poem Church Going.
 Young Gun Carnaval (ヤングガン・カルナバル Yanggugan Karunabaru) is a Japanese light novel series written by Makoto Fukami and illustrated by Tow Fukino.
 The Tucson Weekly is an alternative newsweekly that was founded in 1984 by Douglas Biggers and Mark Goehring and serves the Tucson Arizona metropolitan area of about 1000000 residents. Biggers was its editor and publisher until 2000 when he sold the paper to Wick Communications. He is currently the editor and publisher of Edible Baja Arizona. 10/13 Communications bought the paper from Wick in 2014.The paper is a member of the Association of Alternative Newsmedia.
 Bring Up the Bodies is a historical novel by Hilary Mantel and sequel to her award-winning Wolf Hall. It is the second part of a planned trilogy charting the rise and fall of Thomas Cromwell the powerful minister in the court of King Henry VIII. Bring Up the Bodies won the 2012 Man Booker Prize and the 2012 Costa Book of the Year. Preceded by Wolf Hall it is to be followed by The Mirror and the Light.
 Three Upbuilding Discourses 1843 was to be published at Bianco Luno Press. As Søren Kierkegaard arrived he stood at the end of a long line of authors. Another person walked in behind him and immediately tried to go to the front of the line but the first person in line wouldn’t let him in so he tried the second and then the third and so on until he came to Søren.
 The Gods Are Athirst (French: Les dieux ont soif also translated as The Gods Are Thirsty or The Gods Will Have Blood) is a 1912 novel by Anatole France. It is a fictional story set during the French Revolution.The story of the infernal rise of Évariste Gamelin a young Parisian painter involved in the section for his neighborhood of Pont-Neuf The Gods Are Athirst describes the dark years of the Reign of Terror in Paris from Year II to Year III.
 Caine Black Knife is a 2008 fantasy novel written by American Science Fiction author Matthew Stover. It is labeled as the third of the Acts of Caine and is act one of the Atonement story arc. It is published by the Ballantine Books division of Del Rey. This is the third book in The Acts of Caine series following Heroes Die and Blade of Tyshalle.
 Spellbinders is a comic book published by Marvel Comics as part of that company's Marvel Next imprint. It was a six-issue limited series written by Mike Carey with art by Mike Perkins. It is part of the Marvel Universe but the story takes no advantage of the fact.Spellbinders is set around John Hawthorne High School a fictional high school in Salem Massachusetts where magic is accepted as a fact.
 Out of Time is the sequel to Caroline B. Cooney's young adult novel Both Sides of Time and is the second book in the Time Travelers Quartet.
 The Good Citizen was a sixteen-page monthly political periodical edited by Bishop Alma White and illustrated by Reverend Branford Clarke. The Good Citizen was published from 1913 until 1933 by the Pillar of Fire Church at their headquarters in Zarephath New Jersey in the United States.
 Pattern Recognition Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by North Holland an imprint of Elsevier on behalf of the International Association of Pattern Recognition. The journal produces 16 issues per year covering research on pattern recognition. The editors-in-chief are G. Borgefors (Uppsala University) G. Sanniti di Baja (Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche Naples) and S. Sarkar (University of South Florida).
 The End (original Spanish title: El fin) is a short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges first published in La Nación in 1953. It was included in the 1956 edition of Ficciones part two (Artifices).
 Joseph Had a Little Overcoat is the title of a 1999 book by Simms Taback that won the 2000 Caldecott Medal. The main character is Joseph a 40-something Jewish farmer who has a little striped overcoat. When it is old Joseph makes it into a little jacket and so on until he makes it into a button. Then Joseph loses the button and makes a story out of it.
 Loving Sabotage (French: Le Sabotage amoureux) is a Belgian novel by Amélie Nothomb. It was first published in 1993.
 Square Peg Media Ltd. (SPM) is a publishing and event management company based in London England founded in 2005. SPM currently has a portfolio of five publications and seven separate events expos and shows.
 The Saginaw News is a newspaper publication based in Saginaw Michigan owned by Booth Newspapers a division of Advance Publications. Published on Thursdays Fridays and Sundays (along with a joint Tuesday edition with The Bay City Times) the paper has approximately 30000 readers each day. It celebrated its 150th year in 2009.
 Evolving the Alien: The Science of Extraterrestrial Life (2002 published in the US and UK second edition as What Does a Martian Look Like?: The Science of Extraterrestrial Life) is a book about xenobiology by biologist Jack Cohen and mathematician Ian Stewart.In this book Cohen and Stewart argue that any investigation of extraterrestrial life is too restrictive and unimaginative if it starts with the assumption that any advanced form of life must have similar characteristics to life on Earth and must have evolved on a planet similar to the Earth (as in the rare Earth hypothesis). 
 Extra Virginity: The Sublime and Scandalous World of Olive Oil is a 2011 nonfiction book by American author Tom Mueller about olive oil. The book describes the history of olive oil including its religious economic and culinary uses as well as the current state of the olive oil industry.
 The Iron Hand of Mars is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Owl and Weasel was a newsletter published in London England by Games Workshop for board gamers role-playing gamers and wargamers. It was published from February 1975 until April 1977 running 25 issues and was edited by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone.
 La Revue musicale was a music magazine founded by Henry Prunières in 1920. La Revue musicale of Prunières was undoubtedly the first music publishing magazine giving as much attention to the quality of editing iconography and illustration.
 The Carpet People is a fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett which was originally published in 1971 but was later re-written by the author when his work became more widespread and well-known.
 YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike (trans. YU 100: the Greatest Yugoslav Rock and Pop Music Albums) is a book by Duško Antonić and Danilo Štrbac published in 1998. It features a list of top 100 former Yugoslav popular music albums formed according to the poll of 70 Serbian music critics journalists artists and others.
 Grab Hands and Run is a fictional adaptation of a true story written by Frances Temple. The book is written at a fourth grade level aimed at audiences 8-10. The author is actually involved in the story as she once sheltered the refuges the book writes about.
 Origins of Life and Evolution of Biospheres is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1968 covering astrobiology and origins of life research. It is the official journal of the International Society for the Study of the Origin of Life. The journal's scope includes research on the origin evolution distribution and future of life on Earth and beyond.
 HOOP is an official NBA publication produced by Professional Sports Publications. The magazine features in-depth interviews with players and also highlights the players' lives off the court. Other popular sections include celebrity interviews and Dance Life. The magazine also profiles the latest in sneakers basketball-related clothing as well as music DVDs and technology.[citation needed]Los Angeles Lakers guard Steve Nash answers readers' questions in his Straight Shooter column.
 Badjelly the Witch is a brief handwritten illustrated story by Spike Milligan created for his children then printed in 1973. It was made into an audio and a video version.In the story two children Tim and Rose looking for their lost cow Lucy meet magical enchanted forest characters. They are captured by Badjelly the witch then rescued by an eagle. God intervenes as they escape and the witch is destroyed when she attempts to scratch God's eye out.
 Nietzsche and Asian Thought is an anthology of essays by a variety of contributors on the relationship of the thought of German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche to Asian philosophy; specifically Indian Chinese and Japanese philosophy. The book was edited by American philosopher Graham Parkes and was released in 1991 by the University of Chicago Press.
 A Hidden Ulster: people songs & traditions of Oriel is a non-fiction book that is a referencing of Irish traditional music in the Oriel area by Irish singer Pádraigín Ní Uallacháin. The book was published by Four Courts Press in both hardback and paperback formats. The book garnered significant acclaim.
 The Emerald Route is a travelogue by R. K. Narayan. It was published by Indian Thought Publications in 1980. It is a pseudo-travel guide for Karnataka India. The book was commissioned by the Government of Karnataka and the initial non-commercial version was published in 1977 as part of a government publication. The book is focused on local history culture and heritage and doesn't exhibit much of Narayan's characteristic personal narrative.The Emerald Route is R.K.
 Clockwork Angel is a young adult novel written by Cassandra Clare. It is the first novel in the Infernal Devices trilogy. It is written through the perspective of the main character Tessa Gray who goes to London to live with her brother.
 The Argus Leader is the daily newspaper of Sioux Falls South Dakota. It is South Dakota's largest newspaper by circulation.
 Shades of Grey: Glasgow 1956-86 is a book of photographs by Oscar Marzaroli with an essay by William McIlvanney.One of the photos from the book a 1963 portrait of three young boys wearing their mother's high-heeled shoes playing in Kidson Street in the Gorbals area of Glasgow was in 2005 made into a bronze statue installed into Queen Elizabeth Square. The statue was unveiled in August 2008 by Nicola Sturgeon Scotland's Deputy First Minister.
 Rauhan Puolesta (Pro Peace in English) is a Finnish language news magazine published in Finland.
 The Beano Annual is the current name of the book that has been published every year since 1939 to tie in with the children's comic The Beano. As of 2013 there have been 73 editions. The annuals are traditionally published in July or August in time for Christmas and since 1965 they have had the date of the following year on the cover.
 The Journal of Educational Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1910 and covers educational psychology. It is published by the American Psychological Association.The current editor-in-chief is Arthur Graesser (University of Memphis).
 The Confessions of Mycroft Holmes: A Paper Chase is the title of a 2001 novel by Marcel Theroux. It was published in the United Kingdom in 2002 as The Paperchase.The protagonist is an Anglo-American journalist Damien March who inherits a dilapidated mansion in the United States on the death of his uncle Patrick.
 Extensa is a novel written in 2002 by Jacek Dukaj Polish science fiction writer and published in Poland by Wydawnictwo Literackie.
 The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge was Rainer Maria Rilke's only novel. It was written while Rilke lived in Paris and was published in 1910. The novel is semi-autobiographical and is written in an expressionistic style. The work was inspired by Sigbjørn Obstfelder's work A Priest's Diary and Jens Peter Jacobsen's second novel Niels Lyhne of 1880 which traces the fate of an atheist in a merciless world.
 The San Bernardino Sun is a newspaper in San Bernardino County along with a heavy penetration into neighboring Riverside County. The SB Sun serves most of the Inland Empire in Southern California. The geographic circulation area of the newspaper spans from the border of Los Angeles/Orange Counties to the west east to the Arizona State line north to the Imperial County line and south to the Riverside City line.
 Sword of the Yue Maiden is a wuxia short story by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It was first serialised in 1970 in Hong Kong in the newspaper Ming Pao Evening Supplement (明報晚報). This short story is the last of Jin Yong's works together with the novel The Deer and the Cauldron. However its historical setting in the Spring and Autumn Period is the earliest amongst all of Jin Yong's works.
 Teen Voices is an intensive journalism mentoring and leadership program for teen girls in Boston. Through its program teens write and create articles for an internationally distributed print and online magazine. Teen Voices has 45000 print readers and receives more than 275000 page views from 179 countries annually. The magazine founded in 1988 focuses on social justice issues and encourages girls to become critical media consumers.
 Polgara the Sorceress is a fantasy novel by David and Leigh Eddings and the twelfth in the setting of The Belgariad The Malloreon and Belgarath the Sorcerer. Like Belgarath it is presented as a first-person narrative recounting the life of the eponymous character Polgara framed by a prologue and epilogue in the third person placing it in context relative to the earlier stories.
 Diário Económico is a Portuguese business newspaper based in Lisbon Portugal.
 Marchers of Valhalla is a collection of two Fantasy novelettes by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1972 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1654 copies. Grant published another collection of this title in 1977 OCLC 3178161. This 1977 edition added one story and included dust-jacket and illustrations by Marcus Boas.
 Dial H was a DC Comics superhero title launched in 2012 as part of the second wave of The New 52. It is a contemporary frequently humorous take on the Silver Age title Dial H for Hero. It was written by novelist China Miéville featuring artwork primarily by Mateus Santolouco with Brian Bolland as the cover artist.
 The Oldham Advertiser is a weekly newspaper which serves the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham Greater Manchester England. Established in 1982 it is owned by Trinity Mirror plc as part of MEN Media which contains a collection of newspapers across North West England including the Manchester Evening News. In 2010 the then owners Guardian Media Group decided to sell the Advertiser along with 22 other local and regional titles to Trinity Mirror plc.
 The Prisoner of Zenda is an adventure novel by Anthony Hope published in 1894. The king of the fictional country of Ruritania is drugged on the eve of his coronation and thus unable to attend the ceremony. Political forces are such that in order for the king to retain his crown his coronation must go forward. An English gentleman on holiday who fortuitously resembles the monarch is persuaded to act as his political decoy in an attempt to save the situation.
 Värmlands Folkblad (Värmland's People's Paper) is a Swedish daily newspaper released in Värmland and started in 1918. The present editor-in-chief of Värmlands Folkblad is Peter Franke.
 Live By Night is a crime novel by Dennis Lehane that was published in 2012. It won a 2013 Edgar Award for novel of the year.[citation needed]
 The Mullumbimby Star was a newspaper published in Mullumbimby New South Wales Australia under various names from 1902 to 1982.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952 is a 1952 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1953 under the title The Best Science Fiction Stories: Third Series.
 Elizabeth City Daily Advance is a daily newspaper based in Elizabeth City North Carolina. The newspaper is owned by Cooke Communications.
 Gimnazijec is a novel by Slovenian author Igor Karlovšek. It was first published in 2004.
 Invariances published in 2001 by Harvard University Press was Robert Nozick's last book before his death in 2002.
 The Emperor Wears No Clothes is a book written by Jack Herer. Starting in 1973 Jack Herer took the advice of his friend Captain Ed Adair and began compiling tidbits of information about the Cannabis plant and its numerous uses including as hemp and as a drug. After a dozen years of collecting and compiling historical data Herer first published his work as The Emperor Wears No Clothes in 1985.
 Death Note: Another Note: The Los Angeles BB Murder Cases (アナザーノート ・ ロサンゼルスBB連続殺人事件 anazā nōto - rosanzerusu BB renzoku satsujin jiken) is a light novel written by Nisio Isin and released on August 1 2006. The story is a prequel to the manga Death Note and expands on the briefly-mentioned Los Angeles BB Murder Cases.
 The Journal of the Chemical Society Faraday Transactions was a peer-reviewed scientific journal published from 1905 until 1998. The journal was originally published by the Faraday Society under the name Transactions of the Faraday Society and was renamed in 1972.
 The Journal of Child Language is an academic journal concerned with the use of language by children. It deals with all aspects of the scientific study of language behavior in children the principles which underlie it and the theories which may account for it. It covers various aspects of linguistics such as phonology phonetics morphology syntax vocabulary semantics pragmatics and sociolinguistics. Its current editors-in-chief are Edith L.
 Soldier of Sidon is a 2006 fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe.It forms the third part of the Soldier (or Latro) series of books with two prequels Soldier of the Mist (1986) and Soldier of Arete (1989). Soldier of Sidon continues the adventures of the Soldier series's protagonist Latro in Egypt at the time of the Achaemenid Empire.
 The Blood Knight is a fantasy novel by Greg Keyes. It's a sequel to The Charnel Prince and the third book of The Kingdoms of Thorn and Bone.
 The Starmen is a science fiction novel by author Leigh Brackett. It was published in 1952 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies. It was also published by Ballantine Books in 1976 under the original magazine title of The Starmen of Llyrdis. Ace Books published an abridged edition under the title The Galactic Breed. The Ace edition was published as an Ace Double with Conquest of the Space Sea by Robert Moore Williams.
 Elytron is a Spain-based journal for specialists in coleopterology (the study of beetles).It was first published in 1987.
 Malombra is an 1881 novel by the Italian writer Antonio Fogazzaro. It is a Gothic story set close to Lake Como in the mid-Nineteenth Century. It was Fogazzaro's debut novel.
 Alias Grace is a historical fiction novel by Canadian writer Margaret Atwood. First published in 1996 by McClelland & Stewart it won the Canadian Giller Prize and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize.The story is about the notorious 1843 murders of Thomas Kinnear and his housekeeper Nancy Montgomery in Upper Canada. Two servants of the Kinnear household Grace Marks and James McDermott were convicted of the crime.
 Subject Seven is a young-adult novel by the American writer James A. Moore first published in 2011 by Penguin.
 The Catalyst is an American weekly newspaper published by students of Colorado College Friday mornings of the school year in Colorado Springs Colorado.The Catalyst is the official and only student newspaper of Colorado College.The Catalyst has been in print since the 1890s and has undergone dozens of transformations over the years.
 TelevisionWeek is a trade magazine delivering news analysis and data on television and media. It was founded in 1982 as Electronic Media. It is currently owned by Crain Communications Inc.. The current editor is Greg Baumann. The corporate and circulation departments are based at Crain's headquarters in Detroit Michigan.
 Foundations and Trends in Microeconomics is a journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of microeconomics. The editor-in-chief is W. Kip Viscusi (Vanderbilt University).
 Starcross is a young adult novel by Philip Reeve released in October 2007. Illustrated by David Wyatt it is the second book in the Larklight Trilogy sequel to the 2006 novel Larklight.
 The Forgotten Enemy is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke that appeared in the science fiction magazine New Worlds in August 1949. It was included in Clarke's collection of science fiction short stories Reach for Tomorrow in 1956. It shows a London professor lonely holding out in his native city that has been evacuated due to an upcoming ice age.
 Honest to God is a book written by the Anglican Bishop of Woolwich John A.T. Robinson criticising traditional Christian theology. It aroused a storm of controversy on its original publication by SCM Press in 1963.
 The Registry of World Record Size Shells is a conchological work listing the largest (and in some cases smallest) verified shell specimens of various mollusc taxa. A successor to the earlier World Size Records of Robert J. L. Wagner and R. Tucker Abbott it has been published on a semi-regular basis since 1997 changing ownership and publisher a number of times. Originally planned for release every two years new editions are now published annually.
 Tik-Tok of Oz is the eighth Land of Oz book written by L. Frank Baum published on June 19 1914. The book actually has little to do with Tik-Tok and is primarily the quest of the Shaggy Man (introduced in The Road to Oz) to rescue his brother and his resulting conflict with the Nome King.The endpapers of the first edition held maps: one of Oz itself and one of the continent on which Oz and its neighboring countries belonged. These were the first maps printed of Oz.
 Relative Heroes was a limited comic book series published by DC Comics in six issues from March 2000 through October 2000. It revolved around a family of orphaned children who become superheroes. The team first appears in Relative Heroes #1 (March 2000) by Devin K. Grayson and Yvel Guichet.
 You Might Be a Zombie and Other Bad News: Shocking but Utterly True Facts is a New York Times bestselling book from the staff of Cracked.com which is the most visited humor website in the world. Published in 2010 by Plume the book is a crowdsourced effort led by Cracked.com’s editorial staff and more than 2500 contributors from all over the world.
 The Dothan Eagle is a daily newspaper serving Dothan Alabama and the surrounding communities. It was owned by the Thomson Corporation until 2000 when it was sold to Media General. In 2012 Media General sold most of its newspapers including the Eagle to current owner Berkshire Hathaway.
 Microman (ミクロマン Mikuroman) is a line of toys manufactured by Takara (known as TOMY in English and K.K. Takara-Tomy [株式会社タカラトミー] in Japanese since 2006) from 1974 to the present. Microman toys were originally imported to the United States by Mego Corporation as Micronauts until the company went bankrupt in 1982. Some of the toys later became a part of the first line of Transformers.
 The Darkling is a Fantasy novel by author David Kesterton. It was published by Arkham House in 1982 in an edition of 3126 copies. It was the author's first book.
 Black Medicine is a collection of stories by author Arthur J. Burks. It was released in 1966 by Arkham House in an edition of 1952 copies and was the author's first book published by Arkham House. All but one of the stories had originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 The Harlequin Tea Set is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by G. P. Putnam's Sons on 14 April 1997. It contains nine short stories each of which involves a separate mystery.
 The Temple Daily Telegram is the daily newspaper of Temple Texas serving Central Texas since 1907. The Telegram is locally owned and operated by Frank Mayborn Enterprises under editor and publisher Anyse Sue Mayborn the widow of Frank Mayborn.On Sunday November 18 2007 the newspaper unveiled a Texas Historical Commission marker to commemorate the centennial of the publication. The Telegram is one of only five locally owned newspapers in Texas with more than 10000 circulation.
 The Tallow Candle (Danish: Tællelyset) is a 700-word literary fairytale by Danish writer Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875). It was written in the 1820s making it one of his earliest works and his first known work in the fairytale genre but its existence was apparently unknown to scholars or the public for almost two centuries. A copy of the manuscript was discovered in a filing box in the National Archives of Funen in October 2012.
 The Other Invisible Hand is a non-fiction book written by the economist Julian Le Grand. The primary focus of his book is increasing taxpayer sovereignty by developing a market in the public sector.The title of the book refers to Adam Smith's invisible hand.
 The China Youth Daily (simplified Chinese: 中国青年报; traditional Chinese: 中國青年報; pinyin: Zhōngguó Qīngnián Bào) (中青报 for short) is the official newspaper of Communist Youth League of China (CYL) (共青团) and is a popular official daily newspaper and the first independently operated central government news media portal in the People's Republic of China.In 1980s it was regarded as the best newspaper in mainland China with a circulation of 5 millions a day.
 Fever is a 1982 novel by Robin Cook and is in the category of medical thriller. The main characters are a 12 year old girl Michelle with myeoloblastic leukaemia and her father Charles. She goes to a hospital where her doctors decide to give her experimental high doses of chemotherapy. This results in deteriorating her strength and health which her father doesn't approve of. Charles has been a cancer researcher for ten years since his first wife died of a different type of leukaemia.
 The Life of Vertebrates is a noted biology textbook by John Zachary Young. The book grew out of the author's attempt to define what is meant by the life of vertebrates and by the evolution of that life.
 Corpsing is 2000 novel by Toby Litt.
 The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig is a children's picture book written by Eugene Trivizas (Evgenios Trivizas) illustrated by Helen Oxenbury and first published by Heinemann in 1993.
 Children of This Earth is a 1930 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Hexed is the second novel in Kevin Hearne's urban fantasy series The Iron Druid Chronicles and is the sequel to Hounded. It was released on June 7 2011. The third book Hammered was released on July 5 2011.
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe is a comic book series by DC Comics based on the Masters of the Universe. The series is made up of an ongoing series two standard mini-series a digital mini-series and several origin one-shots.
 Distillation Design is a book which provides complete coverage of the design of industrial distillation columns for the petroleum refining chemical and petrochemical plants natural gas processing pharmaceutical food and alcohol distilling industries.
 Safahat is the work of an eminent Turkish national poet Mehmet Akif Ersoy who is one of the last classic poets of Turkish literature. The book consists of 7 booklets and includes 11.240 verses and 108 different poems. These 7 books are; Safahat (Articles 1911) Süleymaniye Kürsüsünde (1912) Hakkın Sesleri (1913) Fatih Kürsüsünde (1914) Hatıralar (1917) Asım (1924) Gölgeler (1933).
 Avisa Nordland is a newspaper published in Bodø Norway. It was established through a controversial merger of the two competing newspapers Nordlandsposten and Nordlands Framtid. In 2006 it had a circulation of about 24700 copies.The paper has its headquarters in central Bodø and until 2013 occupied most of the bank Nordlandsbankens former premises. In addition it has offices in Nordland small towns Fauske Oppeid and Ørnes.
 Lovely Angel (ラブリー·エンジェル laburī enjieru) is an erotic comedy manga series created by Go Nagai in 1996. The manga originally ran in the magazine Weekly Hoseki from January 4 1996 to April 10 1997 published by Kobunsha. It was later compiled in five tankōbon. Two direct-to-video films were created based on the manga.
 Yellow Fever is a play by R. A. Shiomi which takes place on Powell Street in Japantown Vancouver a gathering place for the local Japanese-Canadian culture. Set in the 1970s the Sam Spade-like main character Sam Shikaze must work to unravel the mysteries that surround him. First produced by the Pan Asian Repertory Theatre in 1982 it received positive reviews and had a successful run off-Broadway.
 Marie is 1912 novel by H. Rider Haggard featuring Allan Quatermain. The plot concerns Quatermain as a young man and involves his first marriage to the Boer farm girl Marie Marais. Their romance is opposed by Marie's anti-English father and the villainous Pereira who desires Marie. They are Voortrekkers who take part in the Great Trek whom Quatermain has to rescue.The novel describes Quatermain's involvement in the Sixth Xhosa War of 1835 and Weenen massacre.
 Lady Oracle is a novel by Margaret Atwood. It was first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1976.
 Fake is a seven-volume BL (shōjo featuring romance between two male characters) manga by Sanami Matoh. The story focuses in a romance between Randy Ryo Maclean and Dee Laytner two New York City detectives from the fictitious 27th precinct.
 Beyond the Fields We Know is a collection of fantasy short stories by Irish writer Lord Dunsany considered a major influence on the work of J. R. R. Tolkien H. P. Lovecraft Ursula K. Le Guin and others. edited by Lin Carter. The title is derived from a description of the location of the border of Elfland used several times in Lord Dunsany's best-known novel The King of Elfland's Daughter.
 Gaba Kawa (ガバ·カワ) is a fantasy manga by Rie Takada originally serialized in Japan from July to November 2007 by Shogakukan in Shōjo Comic and collected in a single bound volume. It tells the story of a demon girl named Rara who comes to the human world to cause mischief only to find herself falling in love with a human boy.
 The Busconductor Hines (ISBN 978-1857990355) is the first published novel of the Scottish writer James Kelman published in 1984. This novel is the first to be published by Kelman but it was written after A Chancer.
 The Halo Effect is a book by business academic Phil Rosenzweig that criticizes pseudoscientific tendencies in the explanation of business performance. The book was published by Free Press on February 6 2007. As well as many business magazines and newspapers the text targets specific books (those that offer secrets of guaranteed business success) and academic research published by business schools.
 Frontline Combat was an anthology war comic book written and edited by Harvey Kurtzman and published bi-monthly by EC Comics. The first issue was cover dated July/August 1951. It ran for 15 issues over three years and ended with the January 1954 issue. Publication was discontinued following a decline in sales attributed to the end of the Korean War. The title was a companion to Kurtzman's comic book Two-Fisted Tales.
 Climate Code Red: The Case for Emergency Action is a 2008 book which presents scientific evidence that the global warming crisis is worse than official reports and national governments have so far indicated. The book argues that we are facing a sustainability emergency that requires a clear break from business-as-usual politics. The authors explain that emergency action to address climate change is not so much a radical idea as an indispensable course we must embark upon.
 Portobello is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell published in 2008. It is set in and around the Portobello Road in Notting Hill London. Written in the third-person narrative mode it follows the lives of a number of Londoners—rich and poor alike—living near the Portobello Road Market whose paths cross by accident rather than design.
 Confessor is the eleventh novel in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth and the last in the Chainfire trilogy bringing an end to the current story arc involving the Imperial Order. The book was announced on February 20 2007 on the author's official website. The book was released November 13 2007.
 FACT was founded in 2003 as a British bi-monthly music and youth culture magazine. The magazine became notable for commissioning covers by artists including M.I.A. Bat for Lashes Shepard Fairey Barry McGee Peter Saville Trevor Jackson Klaxons and Brazil's Os Gemeos.FACT reached a circulation of 28000 (25000 UK and 3000 overseas) and readership of 100000+ per issue.
 The Iowa City Press-Citizen is a daily newspaper published in Iowa City Iowa USA that serves most of Johnson County and portions of surrounding counties. Its primary competitors are The Gazette of Cedar Rapids which has a news bureau in Iowa City and The Daily Iowan the University of Iowa's student newspaper.
 The Yale Journal of International Law is a student-edited international law review at the Yale Law School (New Haven Connecticut). The journal publishes articles essays notes and commentary that cover a wide range of topics in international and comparative law.
 Moon on a Rainbow Shawl is a 1957 play written by Trinidadian actor-playwright Errol John. Described as “ground-breaking” and “a breakthrough in Britain for black writing” the play has been produced and revived worldwide since its premiere at London's Royal Court Theatre.
 My Soul Is Rested: Movement Days in the Deep South Remembered is a book of oral history regarding the American Civil Rights Movement by journalist Howell Raines. It is based on interviews with people involved in — for and against — the struggle to end racial segregation in the American South from the time of the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott to the 1968 assassination of Martin Luther King Jr.
 The Tomorrow People is a 1960 science fiction novel by Judith Merril.
 The Mammoth Book of Erotica (ISBN 0786707879) is an Erotic literature anthology edited by Maxim Jakubowski that was originally published in 1994 with a revised edition published in 2000. It was published by Robinson Publishing in the United Kingdom (2000 reprint by Robinson imprint of Constable & Robinson) and by Carroll & Graf (Avalon Publishing Group imprint) in the United States.
 The Hastings Center Report is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal of bioethics. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Hastings Center (Garrison New York). The editor-in-chief is Gregory Kaebnick.
 The Three Witch Maidens was originally published in the United Kingdom in 1972 by Methuen & Co. Ltd.. This entry however refers to the 1977 paperback version published by The Hamlyn Publishing Group Ltd. under its Beaver Books imprint.The book is an anthology of 15 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders.
 Digimon Chronicle (デジモンクロニクル Dejimon Kuronikuru) was the storyline accompanying the 2004 Digimon product line. Originally rumored to be a new full-blown manga to replace V-Tamer 01 it eventually transpired to be mostly prose text printed in the booklets which accompanied the Pendulum X line of digital pets. These booklets also contained short non-sequitur six-page manga.
 The Canticle of Whispers is a young adult fantasy novel by David Whitley.In an interview with ThirstforFiction David Whitley stated that the third book in the Agora Trilogy would be called The Canticle of Whispers. It would conclude the story that was started in The Midnight Charter presumably following the characters Mark and Lily.
 Mistborn: The Final Empire is the first novel in the Mistborn trilogy written by American author Brandon Sanderson. It was followed by The Well of Ascension in 2007 and The Hero of Ages in 2008.
 The Central European Journal of International and Security Studies is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that addresses theoretical and empirical issues in the fields of international relations and security studies.
 Farmer In The Sky is a 1950 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about a teenaged boy who emigrates with his family to Jupiter's moon Ganymede which is in the process of being terraformed. A condensed version of the novel was published in serial form in Boys' Life magazine (August September October November 1950) under the title Satellite Scout.
 Next Generation (also known as NextGen) was a video game magazine that was made by Imagine Media publishing company (now Future Network USA). It was affiliated to and shared editorial with the UK's Edge magazine. Next Generation ran from January 1995 until January 2002. It was published by Jonathan Simpson-Bint and edited by Neil West. Other editors included Chris Charla Tom Russo and Blake Fischer.
 Enchanted Glass is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones which was first published in 2010.
 British Summertime is a science fantasy novel by Paul Cornell first published by Gollancz in 2002. It is Cornell's second (non-tie-in) novel to be published. It is notable for its use of Christian and Gnostic themes; realistic contemporary settings principally around Bath Somerset; and complex exploration of time travel.
 The Mission Song is a thriller/espionage novel by John le Carré published in October 2006. Set against the background of the chaotic East Congo the story involves the planning of a Western-backed coup in the province of Kivu told from the worm's-eye view of the hapless interpreter.
 Domnei: A Comedy of Woman-Worship (1913) is a fantasy novel by James Branch Cabell set in the imaginary French province of Poictesme during the second half of the 13th century.It forms the fifth volume of Cabell's gigantic Biography of the Life of Manuel and tells the story of Dom Manuel's daughter Melicent and of the disastrous struggle between her successive husbands Demetrios of Anatolia and Perion de la Forêt. Carl Van Doren characterised the book as Mr.
 The Rhodora is an 1847 poem by Ralph Waldo Emerson. It is a response to the question on being asked whence is the flower. The poem is about the rhodora a common flowering shrub and the beauty of this shrub in its natural setting.
 Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle; or Daring Adventures in Elephant Land is a young adult novel written by Stratemeyer Syndicate writers using the pen name Victor Appleton. It is Volume 10 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 The Devil's Discus is an investigation into the death of King Ananda Mahidol (Rama VIII) of Siam (later Thailand) by English-South African author Rayne Kruger.
 The Orlando Sentinel is the primary newspaper of Orlando Florida and the Central Florida region. It was founded in 1876. The Sentinel is owned by Tribune Company and is overseen by the Chicago Tribune.
 A Zoo in Winter (冬の動物園 Fuyu no Dōbutsuen) is a Japanese one-shot manga by Jiro Taniguchi. It was nominated for the Outstanding Graphic Novel category in the 16th Ignatz Awards.
 Underworld is the third book in Jude Watson's series The Last of the Jedi
 The Voice in the Night is a short story by William Hope Hodgson first published in the November 1907 edition of Blue Book Magazine.The story has been adapted a number of times most prominently in the 1963 Japanese film Matango.Weird fungi in the shape of animals or humans are a recurring theme in Hodgson's stories and novels; for example in the novel The Boats of the Glen Carrig the survivors of a shipwreck come across tree-like plants that mimic (or perhaps have absorbed) birds and people.
 Washington's Crossing is a Pulitzer Prize winning book written by David Hackett Fischer and part of the Pivotal Moments in American History series. The book is primarily about George Washington's leadership during the 1776 campaign of the American Revolutionary War culminating with the famous crossing of the Delaware River and the subsequent campaign: Battle of Trenton the Second Battle of Trenton and the Battle of Princeton.
 Journal of Vietnamese Studies is a peer-reviewed triannual journal published by University of California Press in Berkeley California. It was launched in 2006 and is published on behalf of the Center for Southeast Asia Studies at University of California Berkeley.
 The Westmeath Topic is a weekly newspaper founded in Mullingar Ireland in 1971. What began as a small A4-size magazine under the name TOPIC the newspaper has gone from strength to strength becoming one of the largest circulating newspapers in the Irish midlands. Along with less than a dozen newspapers on the island of Ireland it is still printed published and owned locally.
 Sankei Shimbun (産経新聞 Sankei Shinbun) literally Industrial and Economic Newspaper is a daily newspaper in Japan published by the Sankei Shimbun Co. Ltd. (株式会社産業経済新聞社 Kabushiki-gaisha Sangyō Keizai Shinbunsha). It has the sixth highest circulation for a newspaper in Japan and is considered one of the five national newspapers.On 1 October 2007 Sankei Shimbun's website and MSN Japan started a content partnership MSN Sankei News.
 Wharton Journal-Spectator is a semi-daily newspaper published on Wednesday and Saturday based in Wharton Texas. It is owned by River Publishers Inc. The newspaper offers subscripts to a digital edition in PDF format.
 The Informer (Serbian: Дневни лист Информер Dnevni list Informer) is a daily tabloid newspaper published in Belgrade Serbia that is affiliated with the Serbian Progressive Party (SNS).
 Sovremennik (Современник literally: The Contemporary) was a Russian literary social and political magazine published in Saint Petersburg in 1836-1866. It came out four times a year in 1836-1843 and once a month after that. The magazine published poetry prose critical historical ethnographic and other material. Sovremennik originated as a private enterprise of Alexander Pushkin who was running out of money to support his growing family.
 The Journal of Interpersonal Violence is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of criminology and focuses on the study of victims and perpetrators of interpersonal violence. The journal's editor-in-chief is Jon R. Conte (University of Washington). It was established in 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Why Paint Cats is a comedy book written by New Zealand author Burton Silver and illustrator Heather Busch. It is one of three cat art books including Why Cats Paint and Dancing with Cats.
 Dark Is The Sun is a science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer first published in 1979. It tells the story of the people and creatures left on Earth when the Sun is dead and the universe is heading towards the Big Crunch.
 Bela dama Devinska is a novel by Slovenian author Dušan Jelinčič. It was first published in 2010.
 The White Abacus is a 1997 science fiction novel by Damien Broderick. It follows the story of Telmah Lord Cima who travels to Earth from a far-off world and becomes friends with a computer-augmented being called Ratio.
 Chrome Shelled Regios (鋼殻のレギオス Kōkaku no Regiosu) is a Japanese light novel series by Shūsuke Amagi with illustrations by Miyū. A short story light novel series is serialized in Dragon Magazine. A manga adaptation drawn by Miyū is serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Dragon Age Pure. A second manga adaptation drawn by Nodoka Kiyose is serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age. A third manga adaptation drawn by Watari is serialized in Beans Ace magazine.
 The Independent Media Center (also known as Indymedia or IMC) is a global participatory network of journalists that report on political and social issues. It originated during the Seattle anti-WTO protests worldwide in 1999 and remains closely associated with the global justice movement which criticizes neo-liberalism and its associated institutions.
 Sipping Cider Through a Straw is a 1919 song composed by Byron G. Harlan. The tune is identical to Princess Pat and The Other Day I Met a Bear.
 The Journal of Clinical Pathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of pathology published by the BMJ Group on behalf of the Association of Clinical Pathologists. Diagnostic and research areas covered include histopathology virology haematology microbiology cytopathology chemical pathology molecular pathology forensic pathology dermatopathology neuropathology and immunopathology.
 The Melbourne University Law Review is a triannual law journal published by a student group at Melbourne Law School. The journal publishes articles on all areas of law as well as case notes book reviews and review essays.
 Seventeen (セブンティーン) is a monthly Japanese fashion magazine for female teenagers published by Shueisha.Launched in 1967 as a weekly magazine based on the original American Seventeen the magazine changed the name to SEVENTEEN in 1987 and to Seventeen in 2008.Since the late 1990s Seventeen has been the highest-selling teenage fashion magazine in Japan and has featured its exclusive teenage models as ST-Mo (STモ - Seventeen Model).
 The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) published a special report on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation (SRREN) on May 9 2011. The report developed under the leadership of Ottmar Edenhofer evaluates the global potential for using renewable energy to mitigate climate change.
 Čtyřlístek (English: Four-leaf clover) is a Czech comic book continuously published since 1969 created by Jaroslav Němeček. In the 1980 an average edition contained about 220 000 prints and became one of the most popular comic books for children in Czechoslovakia.
 TradeWinds is a critical and independent business news provider publishing both an online newspaper and a printed weekly newspaper. TradeWinds is owned by NHST Media Group. Headquartered in Oslo it covers shipping as a global industry with full-time staff correspondents in all the major centers of the industry.
 The Lion (French: Le Lion) a 1958 novel by French author Joseph Kessel is the story of a girl and her lion.The novel was translated into English by Peter Green and was made into a movie starring William Holden in 1962.
 Superior (シューピアリア) is a manga created by Ichtys and published by Gangan Comics. Superior is a high fantasy Manga that includes dragons demons and most importantly heroes.
 Beyond the Fall of Night (1990) is a novel by Arthur C. Clarke and Gregory Benford. The first part of Beyond the Fall of Night is a reprint of Clarke’s famous Against the Fall of Night while the second half is a sequel by Gregory Benford which takes place many years later. This book is unrelated to The City and the Stars which is an expanded version of Against the Fall of Night which Clarke wrote himself three years after the publication of Against the Fall of Night.
 Sunday Without God (神さまのいない日曜日 Kami-sama no Inai Nichiyōbi) also known as Kaminai (神ない) for short is a Japanese light novel series written by Kimihito Irie with illustrations by Shino. Fujimi Shobo has published eight volumes since January 2010 under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint. A manga adaptation by Abaraheiki began serialization in the November 2010 issue of Fujimi Shobo's Monthly Dragon Age. A drama CD was released by Marine Entertainment on December 29 2010.
 Black Heart is the fourth novel in the Vampirates series. Following on from the lives of Grace and Connor Tempest.
 First Sorrow (German: Erstes Leid) is a short story by Franz Kafka probably written between the fall of 1921 and the spring of 1922. It appeared in Kurt Wolff Verlag's art periodical Genius III no. 2 (dated 1921 actually published in 1922) and in the Christmas 1923 supplement to the Prager Presse. The story was also included in the collection A Hunger Artist (Ein Hungerkünstler) published by Verlag Die Schmiede soon after Kafka's death.
 White Brand (ホワイトブランド Howaito Burando) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Youka Nitta. It is also a manga anthology containing non-related stories. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its yaoi imprint Juné on December 2 2008.
 Sharpe's Revenge is chronologically the twenty-first novel in the series written by Bernard Cornwell and published in 1989.Unusually for a Sharpe novel the majority of its events take place during peacetime with the Peninsular War ending (as true to historical events) less than a third of the way into the book.The novel would mark the last time Patrick Harper fights as an actual member of the British Army as he receives his discharge signed personally by the Duke of Wellington at the book's end (although he would be at Sharpe's side during the Hundred Days campaign and later in South America during the events depicted in Sharpe's Devil).The book also features the departure of one key character from the series with a falling-out between Sharpe and Captain William Fredrickson and also the introduction of a new principal character Sharpe's third (and so far as is known from the novels final) romantic partner Lucille de Castineau.
 The Journal of Scottish Historical Studies is a bi-annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Economic and Social History Society of Scotland in May and November of each year. It was established in 1980 as Scottish Economic and Social History and took its current title in 2004. It covers research on the history of Scotland.
 The Wavewatcher's Companion is a 2010 science book by Gavin Pretor-Pinney.The book was the 2011 winner of the Royal Society Winton Prize for Science Books.
 Allan and the Sundered Veil is a six-part story written in the style of a boy's periodical by Alan Moore and illustrated by Kevin O'Neill included at the back of each issue of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Volume I and collected at the back of that volume. It serves as a prequel to the comic.
 Fate/kaleid liner Prisma Illya (Fate/kaleid liner プリズマ☆イリヤ) is a manga series by Hiroshi Hiroyama (also known as KALMIA) serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace magazine from 2007 to 2008. It is an alternate universe spin-off of the Fate/stay night visual novel by Type-Moon with Illyasviel von Einzbern as the protagonist. Various other characters from Fate/stay night and its sequels and spin-offs also appear.
 Turun Sanomat is the leading regional newspaper of the region of Finland Proper. It is published in the region's capital Turku and is read daily by about 280 000 people or 70% of the inhabitants in the city and its surrounding municipalities making it the third most widely read morning newspaper in Finland (after Helsingin Sanomat and Aamulehti). The paper has been published since 1904 and is officially politically independent and non-aligned since 1961.
 Desdemona is a play by Toni Morrison.
 Democracia' ('Democracy') was a Spanish language Republican weekly newspaper published from Tangier Morocco. The office of Democracia was located at Petit Socco.On 27 December 1936 the offices of Democracia was attacked by a large group of Italian sailors who vandalised the building and threatened to kill the editor. Returning from the attack they sung the fascist hymn Giovinezza.
 Young Pioneers (also known as Let the Hurricane Roar) a novel by Rose Wilder Lane. It contains some actual events from her mother's (Laura Ingalls Wilder) childhood.The books has been adapted as a TV-series The Young Pioneers and two TV movies - Young Pioneers and Young Pioneers' Christmas.
 Cathy's Book: If Found Call (650) 266-8233 is a young adult novel with alternative reality game elements by Sean Stewart and Jordan Weisman illustrated by Cathy Brigg. It was first published September 12[citation needed] 2006 by Running Press. It includes an evidence packet filled with letters phone numbers pictures and birth certificates as well as doodles and notes written by Cathy in the page margins.
 Driving Big Davie is the sixth novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman released on 5 April 2004 through Headline Publishing Group. Bateman started the novel in response to the death of Joe Strummer lead singer of The Clash who he stated was a huge inspiration on [his] teenage years.
 The Tale of Genji (あさきゆめみし Asakiyumemishi) is a Japanese manga version of Murasaki Shikibu's The Tale of Genji by Waki Yamato.It follows nearly the same plot with some modern adaptation. It was originally published from 1980 to 1993. It spanned thirteen volumes and was published by Kodansha. The series was partially translated into English (as The Tale of Genji) by Stuart Atkin and Yoko Toyosaki as a part of Kodansha's attempts to publish bilingual manga as a study guide for Japanese students.
 Jikō Wakusei Gdleen (自航惑星ガデュリン Jikō Wakusei Gadyurin) known simply as Gdleen is a Japanese science fiction light novel series written by Yuto Ramon and illustrated by Hitoshi Yoneda. The first novel in the series subtitled Kamigami no Mikotachi (神々の巫子たち trans. The Shamans of the Gods) was published in September 1989 by Kadokawa Shoten under the Sneaker Bunko imprint. It was adapted into an anime OVA and released in 1990.
 The Boletin latinoamericano y del caribe de plantas medicinales y aromaticas (BLACPMA English: Latin American and Caribbean Bulletin of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants') is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on all aspects of medicinal and aromatic plants. Articles are published in Spanish English Portuguese or French.
 December 7 1941: A Different Path is a 1995 alternate history novel by David L. Alley which premises a different course for the Second World War when the Japanese decide to attack the Soviet Union instead of the United States.
 Keyboard magazine is a magazine that originally covered electronic keyboard instruments and keyboardists though with the advent of computer-based recording and audio technology they have added digital music technology to their regular coverage including those not strictly pertaining to the keyboard related instruments.Over the years the print and online editions of the magazine have moved into discussions on anything related to gear by companies like Korg Roland and Yamaha and their latest projects. 
 Carlito's Way is a 1975 American crime novel written by Edwin Torres. The novel and its sequel After Hours were the basis of the 1993 Brian De Palma film Carlito's Way as well as the 2005 prequel film Carlito's Way: Rise to Power.
 Looking Forward is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Milton Lesser published in hardcover in 1953 by Beechhurst Press and reprinted in the British market in 1955 by Cassell & Company. The anthology was particularly poorly received and carried the unusually high cover price for its day of $5.00. Its contents include one of the few uncollected and otherwise unanthologized stories by Walter M. Miller Jr..
 Lionel Lincoln is a historical novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1825. Set in the American Revolutionary War the novel follows Lionel Lincoln a Boston-born American of British noble descent who goes to England and returns a British soldier and is forced to deal with the split loyalties in his family and friends to the American colonies and the British homeland.
 19th-Century Music is a U.S. triannual music journal published by University of California Press in Berkeley California and established in 1977. Dealing with musical life in Europe and the Americas during the era of the long century (ca. 1780-1920) the journal embraces a wide variety of issues encompassing aesthetics hermeneutics theory analysis performance practice gender sexuality reception and historiography.
 Love Quest (ラブクエ Lovekue) is a Japanese boys love manga written and illustrated by Lily Hoshino. It was released in English by Yen Press in October 2008.
 The Supernaturalist is a science fiction novel by Irish author Eoin Colfer. The work was influenced by film noir and other predecessors of the cyberpunk science fiction movement. Colfer has outlined plans for a sequel The Supernaturalist 2.
 Star Wars: Knight Errant is a 2011 novel and comic book series set in the fictional Star Wars universe written by John Jackson Miller. The comic series is the successor to the Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic series that was published by Dark Horse Comics and which ran for 50 issues.
 The Colorado Kid is a mystery novel written by Stephen King for the Hard Case Crime imprint published in 2005. The book was issued in one paperback-only edition by the specialty crime and mystery publishing house. The third-person narrative concerns the investigation of the body of an unidentified man found on a tiny island off the coast of Maine. Lacking any identification or obvious clues the case reaches nothing but repeated dead-ends.
 Satan Speaks! is the final book written by Anton LaVey completed a few days before his death on October 29 1997. It was published the following year by Feral House.The book consists of sixty-one unorthodox paradoxical and humorous essays written by the most misunderstood man in America.It includes a foreword by Marilyn Manson and an introduction by Blanche Barton and features cover art by artist Coop.
 Seed is a student newspaper published at Victoria University in Melbourne Australia. The magazine established in 1990 as NoName is produced by the Victoria University Student Union.
 Lakota Woman is a memoir by Mary Brave Bird formerly Mary Crow Dog a Sicangu Lakota. Reared on the Rosebud Indian Reservation in South Dakota she describes her childhood and young adulthood which included many historical events associated with the American Indian Movement. Lakota Woman describes Brave Bird's participation in the 1972 Trail of Broken Treaties and the 1973 Indian Occupation at Wounded Knee. She also writes about her marriage to Leonard Crow Dog the spiritual leader of AIM.
 The European Physical Journal B: Condensed Matter and Complex Systems publishes regular articles and colloquia in 24 issues per year.Topics covered include:Solid State and MaterialsMesoscopic and Nanoscale SystemsComputational MethodsStatistical and Nonlinear PhysicsInterdisciplinary Physics
 Resistance: The Gathering Storm is a 2009 science fiction novel based on the Resistance video game series and acts as a midquel to Resistance: Fall of Man and Resistance 2. It was written by William C. Dietz.
 Ecological Genetics is a 1964 book by the British biologist E. B. Ford on ecological genetics. Ford founded the field and it is considered his magnum opus. The fourth and final edition was published in 1975.Ford's work was celebrated in 1971 by Ecological Genetics and Evolution a series of essays edited by Robert Creed publ. Blackwell Oxford. This included contributions from Cyril Darlington Miriam Rothschild Theodosius Dobzhansky Bryan Clarke A.J. Cain Sir Cyril Clarke and others.
 The Glass Man and the Golden Bird: Hungarian Folk and Fairy Tales is a 1968 anthology of 21 tales from Hungary that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders.
 Five On Kirrin Island Again is the sixth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in October 1947. Julian Dick and Anne come to George's house for their holidays. They plan to explore Kirrin island a bit more. But when Uncle Quentin announces that he is going to use the island alone for a few days the Five are surprised. They request their uncle to signal 12 times twice day one at the morning and the other at the eveningThere exist some film versions e.g.
 The Virtu (2006) is a fantasy novel by Sarah Monette. It is the second book of the Doctrine of Labyrinths series which includes Mélusine The Mirador and Corambis.
 Der jüdische Arbeiter ('The Jewish Worker') was a Labour Zionist newspaper published from Vienna 1927-1934. It was the organ of the Poale Zion organization in Austria. It substituted the Poale Zion publication Unsere Tribüne (published 1924-1926). It was initially published once every two weeks but became a weekly in 1933. Julius Mamber was the editor of Der jüdische Arbeiter.
 Bed is a short story collection by Tao Lin published in 2007.
 The Gandalara Cycle is a series of seven Fantasy/Science Fiction paperback books created and written by authors Randall Garrett and Vicki Ann Heydron beginning in 1981.Ricardo Carillo an aging language professor with a terminal illness is flirting with a captivating young woman on a Mediterranean cruise ship.
 Bloodsucking Fiends: A Love Story is the third novel by Christopher Moore published in 1995. It combines elements of the supernatural and of the romance novel.
 Ghostwritten is the first novel published by the author David Mitchell. Published in 1999 it won the John Llewellyn Rhys Prize and was widely acclaimed. The story takes place mainly around East Asia but also moves through Russia Britain the USA and Ireland. It is written episodically; each chapter details a different story and central character although they are all interlinked through seemingly coincidental events.
 Miss Ambar Regrets is a 2004 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary the first new work he published since 1987 which was not a Scobie Malone novel. The story revolves around a romance between an aspiring actress and a TV journalist. I like writing about love and I like writing about women he said of the book in a 2003 interview. I've done it before but I thought goddammit you've got to be franker now writing about love but you don't want to sound like an old man having his jollies.
 Open Veins of Latin America: Five Centuries of the Pillage of a Continent (in Spanish Las Venas Abiertas de América Latina) is a book written by Uruguayan journalist writer and poet Eduardo Galeano and published in 1971.
 Strawberry Panic! (ストロベリー・パニック! Sutoroberī Panikku!) is a series of Japanese illustrated short stories written by Sakurako Kimino which focus on a group of teenage girls attending three affiliated all-girl schools on Astraea Hill. A common theme throughout the stories is the intimate lesbian relationships between the characters.
 Child of the Wolves is a children's novel published in 1996 about a Siberian husky puppy that joins a wolf pack. It was written by Elizabeth Hall wife of Island of the Blue Dolphins author Scott O'Dell.
 Less Than Human is a 2004 science fiction novel by Maxine McArthur. It follows the story where a factory worker is killed by a robot in mysterious circumstances and a group of teenagers appear to have committed group suicide.
 A Rage Against Heaven is a 1978 historical novel written by Fred Mustard Stewart and published by Penguin Books. The story spans the American Civil War starting with South Carolina's secession from the Union in the first chapter.
 Student Council's Discretion (生徒会の一存 Seitokai no Ichizon lit. Discretion of the student council) is a collection of Japanese light novels by Aoi Sekina with illustrations by Kira Inugami. The series started with the release of the first volume on January 19 2008 published by Fujimi Shobo under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko label. Originally the series was called Hekiyou Gakuen Seitokai Gijiroku (碧陽学園生徒会議事録 lit.
 Adiamante is a 1996 science fiction novel written by L. E. Modesitt Jr. It is outside the span of his series work but maintains several of his main themes including justification of pre-emptive force nanotechnology a nearly destroyed but rebuilt Earth misuse of technology leading to man's downfall internalized information networks and shortening or slurring of the names of present day cities countries and ethnic groups along with historical events.
 The Garden of Eden is the second posthumously released novel of Ernest Hemingway published in 1986. Begun in 1946 Hemingway worked on the manuscript for the next 15 years during which time he also wrote The Old Man and the Sea The Dangerous Summer A Moveable Feast and Islands in the Stream.
 Philosophy of Arithmetic (German: Philosophie der Arithmetik. Psychologische und logische untersuchungen) is Edmund Husserl's first published book. The work is a synthesis of his studies in mathematics under Karl Weierstrass with his studies in philosophy and psychology under Franz Brentano to whom is dedicated and Carl Stumpf.
 New Writings in SF 25 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the fourth volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in April 1975 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi in 1976.The book collects nine novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Bulmer.
 Sourcery is the fifth Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett published in 1988. On the Discworld sourcerers – wizards who are sources of magic and thus immensely more powerful than normal wizards – were the main cause of the great mage wars that left areas of the disc uninhabitable. Men born the eighth son of an eighth son are commonly wizards. Since sourcerers are born the eighth son of an eighth son of an eighth son wizards are not allowed to marry or have children.
 Great Expectations is Charles Dickens' thirteenth novel. It is his second novel after David Copperfield to be fully narrated in the first person. Great Expectations is a bildungsroman or a coming-of-age novel and it is a classic work of Victorian literature. It depicts the growth and personal development of an orphan named Pip. The novel was first published in serial form in Dickens' weekly periodical All the Year Round from 1 December 1860 to August 1861.
 «Iskusstvo» (Russian: Искусство literally: Art) — the oldest of the currently published in Russia art magazinees.
 Theme of the Traitor and the Hero (original Spanish title: Tema del traidor y del héroe) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges originally published in 1944 in number 112 of the review Sur.The short story was adapted into a film entitled The Spider's Stratagem (Italian: Strategia del ragno) in 1970 by Italian director Bernardo Bertolucci.
 Joe In The Future is an ongoing short story comic strip that appears in Heavy Metal Magazine. The strip is co-written by Horatio Weisfeld and Peter Koch. The first installment of the series appeared in the January 2002 issue of Heavy Metal Magazine.
 The Spring and Autumn Annals of the Sixteen Kingdoms also known by its Chinese title Shiliuguo Chunqiu (Chinese: 十六国春秋; pinyin: Shíliùguó Chūnqiū; Wade–Giles: Shihliukuo Ch'unch'iu) is a biographical history of the Sixteen Kingdoms work compiled by Cui Hong between 501 to 522. It became one of the chief sources for the compilation of the Book of Wei and Book of Jin in the beginning. The book started to disappear from the early Tang Dynasty and did not survive intact.
 Monthly Comic Rush (月刊コミックラッシュ Gekkan Komikku Rasshu) is a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Jive. The first issue was published on January 26 2004 and the final issue on Januar 26 2011. The magazine was sold monthly on the twenty-sixth. Afterwards it switched to an online-only publication until its close of service on March 31 2014.
 Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God is a 2008 New York Times bestselling Christian book written by Francis Chan and published by David C Cook. It is co-authored by Danae Yankoski with a foreword by Chris Tomlin. The book inspired the titular song for the album Crazy Love by Hawk Nelson and in 2009 won the Retailers Choice Award for the best Christian Living book.
 Hazards is an independent award-winning occupational safety and health magazine. Published quarterly it is the trade union recommended magazine for UK union health and safety representatives. Hazards has also jointly developed a NewsWire with LabourStart which provides health and safety news headlines for union websites as an RSS feed.
 The Sydney Observer Magazine previously known as the Ku-ring-gai Observer is North Shore's premium monthly magazine. It is a free publication and is chiefly distributed in the municipality of Ku-ring-gai in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Sekai-Ichi Hatsukoi: Onodera Ritsu no Baai (世界一初恋 〜小野寺律の場合〜 lit. The World's Greatest First Love: Onodera Ritsu's Affair) is a Japanese boys-love manga series written and illustrated by Shungiku Nakamura. In 2011 the manga was adapted into an anime television series under the title Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi. Produced by Studio DEEN under the direction of Chiaki Kon the anime series began its broadcast run on April 9 2011.
 Thin Air is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Dean Wesley Smith and Kristine Kathryn Rusch.
 The Complete Collected Poems of Maya Angelou is author and poet Maya Angelou's collection of poetry published by Random House in 1994. It is Angelou's first collection of poetry published after she read her poem On the Pulse of Morning at President Bill Clinton's inauguration in 1993. It contains her previous five books of poetry published between 1971—1990. Her prose works have been more successful than her poetry which has received little serious attention by critics.
 Dengeki Comics (電撃コミックス Dengeki Komikkusu) is a manga publishing label affiliated with the Japanese publishing company ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks) and is aimed at a male audience. Aside from the main Dengeki Comics label there is the related Dengeki Comics EX label which publishes a lesser number of manga volumes. A large amount of the manga published under Dengeki Comics was originally serialized in the manga magazine Dengeki Daioh.
 Understanding Comics: The Invisible Art is a 1993 non-fiction work of comics by American cartoonist Scott McCloud. It explores formal aspects of comics the historical development of the medium its fundamental vocabulary and various ways in which these elements have been used.
 The Hispanic Outlook in Higher Education is an American biweekly magazine which focuses on Hispanic education in institutions of higher learning. It is notable for its annual Top 100 list of colleges and universities awarding degrees to Hispanic students.
 Asimov's Science Fiction: 30th Anniversary Anthology (2007) is a science fiction anthology edited by Sheila Williams the editor of Asimov's Science Fiction of short stories that were all originally published in Asimov's. The book includes a five-page introduction by Williams in which she briefly reviews the history of the magazine and clarifies that the book is merely a sampling from the magazine's history not an attempt at a best of because that would have to run to many volumes.
 Black Clock is an American literary magazine. Edited by Steve Erickson and published semi-annually by CalArts in association with the MFA Writing Program the magazine is dedicated to fiction poetry and creative essays that explore the frontier territory of constructive anarchy. According to the magazine’s editorial statement Black Clock is audacious rather than safe visceral rather than academic intellectually engaging rather than antiseptically cerebral and not above fun.
 Odveč srce is a novel by Slovenian author Brina Švigelj Mérat. It was first published in 2006.
 'The British Journal of Clinical Psychology is a medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the The British Psychological Society covering topics in clinical psychology.
 Never Trust a Liberal Over 3—Especially a Republican is the tenth book by best-selling author and conservative columnist Ann Coulter published on October 14 2013. The majority of the book's content is collections of Coulter's more recent columns. The columns are grouped by theme in 18 chapters. The first chapter and the introductions to each chapter following are original content.
 The Tale of Ginger and Pickles (originally Ginger and Pickles) is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1909. The book tells of two shopkeepers who extend unlimited credit to their customers and as a result are forced to go out of business.
 The Jungle of Horrors is the eighth book in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 Nemesis (Bengali: নেমেসিস Greek: Νέμεσις) is a play written by Nurul Momen considered one of the most successful experimental plays in Bangladeshi theatre. It is a play with only one character written in 1944 and published as a book in 1948. Nemesis a tragedy set a milestone in the history of Bengali plays because of its unique feature and modern plot. National professor of Bangladesh Kabir Chowdhury explains “Nemesis is his (Nurul Momen's) most famous work.
 The Post Register is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Idaho Falls Idaho area as well as Jackson Wyoming and West Yellowstone Montana. It is owned by the Jerry Brady family and their employees.
 Appz Magazine identifies emerging technologies and analyzes their impact for technology and business leaders—the senior executives entrepreneurs venture capitalists engineers developers and researchers who create and fund the innovations that drive the global economy. Appz Magazine is an independent media company that is owned by LFD Communications and published in the United Kingdom. The magazine was established in 2002 and is mainly a print magazine with a minimal online presence.
 Oxford Poetry is a literary magazine based in Oxford England. It is currently edited by Lavinia Singer and Aime Williams.Founded in 1910 by Basil Blackwell its editors have included Dorothy L. Sayers Aldous Huxley Robert Graves Vera Brittain Kingsley Amis Anthony Thwaite John Fuller and Bernard O'Donoghue.Among the other authors to have appeared in Oxford Poetry are Fleur Adcock A. Alvarez W. H.
 Montecore - En unik tiger (Montecore - A Unique Tiger) is the second novel by Swedish writer Jonas Hassen Khemiri. It was published in 2006 and has received several important literary prizes. It was awarded 2006 year's P O Enquist Prize. Later the same year Montecore was nominated for the August literary award. Montecore also received Sveriges Radio's Romanpris award for best Swedish novel 2007.
 Classics Illustrated Junior is a comic book series of seventy-seven fairy and folk tale myth and legend comic book adaptations created by Albert Lewis Kanter as a spin-off of his flagship comic book line Classics Illustrated.
 Das Kapital Kritik der politischen Ökonomie (German pronunciation: [das kapiˈtaːl]; Capital: Critique of Political Economy) by Karl Marx is a critical analysis of political economy meant to reveal the economic laws of the capitalist mode of production.
 Travels into Several Remote Nations of the World. In Four Parts. By Lemuel Gulliver First a Surgeon and then a Captain of Several Ships better known simply as Gulliver's Travels (1726 amended 1735) is a novel by Irish writer and clergyman Jonathan Swift that is both a satire on human nature and a parody of the travellers' tales literary sub-genre. It is Swift's best known full-length work and a classic of English literature.The book became popular as soon as it was published.
 The Amherstburg Echo was a newspaper which served Amherstburg Ontario from 1874 to 2012.
 StarCraft is a comic book series by Wildstorm based upon Blizzard Entertainment's StarCraft video game. The series covers events prior to StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty. It centers around a team of outlaws the War Pigs reunited by their former captain for one last job: the assassination of Jim Raynor!In December 2009 WildStorm stated that the publication of StarCraft would end with Issue #7 and they would change the format to original graphic novels set to be released in 2010.
 Aqua Knight (水中騎士 Suichū Kishi) is a manga by Yukito Kishiro. It's a fantasy tale about Ruliya a female orca-riding knight making an epic journey through the aqueous world of Marmundo.After publishing three volumes Kishiro placed the series on hiatus to draw Battle Angel Alita: Last Order. He has promised to continue Aqua Knight when that is finished.
 William - The Outlaw is the seventh book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1927.
 Experimental and Clinical Psychopharmacology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1993 and covers research in clinical psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Suzette M. Evans (Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons).
 Spirou magazine (French: Le Journal de Spirou) is a weekly Franco-Belgian comics magazine published by the Dupuis company. First published 21 April 1938 it was an eight-page weekly comics magazine composed a mixture of short stories and gags serial comics and a handful of American comics of which the most popular series would be collected as albums by Dupuis afterwards.
 Acid Dreams: The Complete Social History of LSD: the CIA the Sixties and Beyond originally released as Acid Dreams: The CIA LSD and the Sixties Rebellion is a 1986 non-fiction book by Martin A. Lee and Bruce Shlain. The book documents the 40-year social history of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) beginning with its synthesis by Albert Hofmann of Sandoz Pharmaceuticals in 1938.
 Joking Apart is a 1978 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It was written in response to comments that Ayckbourn only ever wrote about unhappy couples. In this play Richard and Anthea are a perfectly happy married couple who inadvertently worsen the lives of those around them. Joking Apart on official Ayckbourn site
 Gunparade March (ガンパレード・マーチ Ganparēdo Māchi) is a Japanese video game that was later turned into a 3 volume manga and a 12 episode anime.The video game Kōkidō Gensō Gunparade March (高機動幻想ガンパレード・マーチ) was released on 28 September 2000 for the PlayStation. It was developed by Alfa System and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
 The Haunter of the Ring is a 1934 short story by Robert E. Howard belonging to the Cthulhu Mythos. It was first published in the pulp magazine Weird Tales in the June 1934 issue. Howard earned $60 for this publication. This story is set in the modern age but includes a relic from the Hyborian Age of the Conan the Barbarian stories the ring of Thoth-Amon.
 How the García Girls Lost Their Accents is a 1991 novel written by Dominican-American poet novelist and essayist Julia Alvarez. Told in reverse chronological order and narrated from shifting perspectives the text possesses distinct qualities of a bildungsroman novel.
 The Sleeper Awakes (1910) is a dystopian science fiction novel by H. G. Wells about a man who sleeps for two hundred and three years waking up in a completely transformed London where because of compound interest on his bank accounts he has become the richest man in the world.
 No Depression was a bi-monthly magazine that covered a broad range of roots music including alternative country and Americana.
 The Soddit or Let's Cash in Again is a 2003 parody of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit written by A.R.R.R. Roberts.
 Absurdistan is a 2006 novel by Gary Shteyngart. It chronicles the adventures of Misha Vainberg the 325-pound son of the 1238th-richest man in Russia as he struggles to return to his true love in the South Bronx.
 Funny Boy is a coming-of-age novel by Canadian author Shyam Selvadurai. First published by McClelland and Stewart in September 1994 the novel won the Lambda Literary Award for gay male fiction and the Books in Canada First Novel Award.Set in Sri Lanka where Selvadurai grew up Funny Boy is constructed in the form of six poignant stories about a boy coming to age within a wealthyTamil family in Colombo.
 Katana is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kamata Kimiko that was released in October 2006. As of 2012 it has eight volumes.
 Things the Grandchildren Should Know is an autobiographic book by Mark Oliver Everett who is the front man of the independent rock band Eels. Everett spent a year composing the book between the release of the retrospectives Meet The Eels: Essential Eels Vol. 1 (1996–2006) and Useless Trinkets: B-Sides Soundtracks Rarities and Unreleased 1996–2006 and the composition of 2009's Hombre Lobo.
 Delusions of Grandma is a novel by actress and author Carrie Fisher that was published in 1993.Like most of Fisher's books this novel is semi-autobiographical and fictionalizes events seemingly from her real life.
 The Saint on TV is a collection of two mystery novellas by Fleming Lee continuing the adventures of the sleuth Simon Templar aka The Saint created by Leslie Charteris. This book was first published in the United States in 1968 by The Crime Club and in the United Kingdom later that year by Hodder and Stoughton.
 The Adventures of Patsy is a newspaper comic strip which ran from 1935 to 1954. Created by Mel Graff it was syndicated by AP Newsfeatures. An early supporting character the swashbuckling Phantom Magician introduced a fantasy element. Mandrake the Magician and the Phantom Magician are regarded by comics historians as among the first superheroes of comics.
 Pinjar (Punjabi: ਪਿੰਜਰ Urdu: پنجر‎ Hindi: पिंजर English/Translation: The Skeleton) is a 1950 Punjabi novel written by noted poet and novelist Amrita Pritam. It is the story of a Hindu girl Puro abducted by a Muslim guy Rashid whose parents refuse to recover the defiled girl when she manages a run to her parents from Rashid's home. Pinjar is believed to be the best literature written with backdrop of Partition of India.
 The Journal of Inherited Metabolic Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering inherited metabolic disorders. It was established in 1978 and is the official journal of the Society for the Study of Inborn Errors of Metabolism.
 Silent Spring is an environmental science book written by Rachel Carson and published by Houghton Mifflin on September 27 1962. The book documented the detrimental effects on the environment—particularly on birds—of the indiscriminate use of pesticides.
 The Sorrows of Young Werther (German: Die Leiden des jungen Werthers) is an epistolary and loosely autobiographical novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe first published in 1774; a revised edition of the novel was published in 1787. Werther was an important novel of the Sturm und Drang period in German literature and influenced the later Romantic literary movement.
 The Best Horror of the Year: Volume One (ISBN 978-1-59780-161-4) is a horror fiction anthology edited by Ellen Datlow that was published on January 1 2009. It is the first in The Best Horror of the Year series.
 The Shropshire Star is the fifth biggest-selling regional evening newspaper in Britain. It is based in Ketley Telford and covers the whole of Shropshire plus parts of Herefordshire Worcestershire Staffordshire Cheshire and Mid Wales.Currently edited by Martin Wright the Shropshire Star publishes three editions a day Monday to Friday and one edition on a Saturday. In the first half of 2012 the newspaper had a daily circulation of 49751 but this fell to 46498 in the second half of 2012.
 Gareth Lyn Powell born 1970 is an English author of Science Fiction. He is the author of the novels The Recollection and Silversands and the acclaimed short story collection The Last Reef and Other Stories.
 W Juliet (W ジュリエット Daburu Jurietto) is a shōjo romantic comedy manga series by Emura. It was published by Hakusensha in Hana to Yume between 1997 and 2002 and collected in 14 bound volumes. It is about the relationship between tomboy Ito Miura and the feminine Makoto Amano who share the common dream of becoming actors as they work together to hide Makoto's secret identity as a boy. It is licensed in English by Viz Media.
 Menaechmi a Latin-language play is often considered Plautus' greatest play. The title is sometimes translated as The Brothers Menaechmus or The Two Menaechmuses.The Menaechmi is a comedy about mistaken identity involving a set of twins Menaechmus of Epidamnus and Menaechmus of Syracuse. It incorporates various Roman stock characters including the parasite the comic courtesan the comic servant the domineering wife the doddering father-in-law and the quack doctor.
 Your Dream Home: How to Build It for Less Than $3500 is a 1950 do it yourself book by American columnist and editor Hubbard Cobb. It was the biggest non-fiction seller of the year of its release selling over a million copies. Specifically the book featured instructions for building a Cape Cod style home with eight floor plans included.
 All My Sons is a 1947 play by Arthur Miller. The play was twice adapted for film; in 1948 and again in 1987.The play opened on Broadway at the Coronet Theatre in New York City on January 29 1947 closed on November 8 1947 and ran for 328 performances. It was directed by Elia Kazan (to whom it is dedicated) and won the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award beating Eugene O’Neill’s The Iceman Cometh.
 Isolezwe is a Zulu-language newspaper launched in 2002 by Independent News & Media. It is published daily in Durban South Africa in the tabloid format. Editor Thulani Mbathi describes their target market as the modernising Zulu ... [s]omeone who may go back home to the rural areas to slaughter a cow to the amadlozi [ancestors] but is as equally comfortable taking his family out for dinner and a movie in a shopping mall.
 Solid State Communications is scientific journal publishished by Elsevier since 1962 specialised in short papers on significant developments in the condensed matter science.
 Global Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal based at Durham University focusing on the point where ideas and policy meet published in association with Wiley-Blackwell.The journal was launched at the 4th Global Public Policy Network conference at the London School of Economics and Political Science on Monday 22 March 2010 with near simultaneous launch events held in Beijing and Brussels. The theme of the one day conference was Global Challenges: Global Impact.
 A Christmas Memory is a short story by Truman Capote. Originally published in Mademoiselle magazine in December 1956 it was reprinted in The Selected Writings of Truman Capote in 1963.
 Kirinyaga is a science fiction short story published in 1988 by Mike Resnick and is the first chapter in the book by the same name. The story was the winner of the 1989 Hugo Award for Best Short Story and the 1989 SF Chronicle Award. It was also nominated for the 1989 Nebula Award for Best Novelette as well as the 1989 Locus award.
 The Kouga Ninja Scrolls (甲賀忍法帖 Kōga Ninpōchō) is a historical fantasy novel written in 1958-1959 by the Japanese author Futaro Yamada. The novel was adapted into several comics a live-action film and an animated series. It has been translated into English by Geoff Sant and was published by Del Rey in December 2006.
 Holy Hell: A Memoir of Faith Devotion and Pure Madness is a memoir authored by Gail Tredwell a former devotee of Amritanandamayi about the two decades of her life as a disciple of the Indian Guru. The working title of the book was 'For the Love of God: A Memoir of Faith Devotion and Pure Madness'.Months after the book was published the allegations in the book against the guru and Ashram led to a major scandal.
 She's Come Undone is a 1992 novel by Wally Lamb which was widely read after being chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in December 1996. Lamb's breakthrough novel was named a finalist for the 1992 Los Angeles Book Awards' Art Seidenbaum Prize for first fiction. Lamb's other novels include I Know This Much Is True and The Hour I First Believed. She's Come Undone has been translated into eighteen languages and is read worldwide.
 Portfolio: An Intercontinental Quarterly was a cross-disciplinary literary journal published between 1945 and 1947. It was edited by Caresse Crosby and published through her Black Sun Press. Only six issues were published each totaling about 1000 copies. Each issue was a series of loose sheets contained in a folio lavishly illustrated and printed in limited numbers.
 Ireland: Awakening (2006) (also known in North America as The Rebels of Ireland: The Dublin Saga) is a novel by Edward Rutherfurd first published in 2006 by Century Hutchinson. It concludes the two-part series known as The Dublin Saga.
 Moon Child (月の子 Tsuki no Ko) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Reiko Shimizu. It was serialized in Hakusensha's magazine LaLa. It is licensed in North America by CMX Manga. The manga has been adapted into a theatrical interpretation of itself by Studio Life.
 Boston Review is a bimonthly American political and literary magazine. The magazine covers specifically political debates literature and poetry. Boston Review also publishes an imprint of books alongside MIT Press. The editors are Deborah Chasman and philosopher Joshua Cohen; Pulitzer Prize-winning writer Junot Díaz is the fiction editor. The magazine is published by Boston Critic Inc. a nonprofit organization.
 Biochemical Predestination is a 1969 book by Dean H.
 The Kindly Ones (French: Les Bienveillantes) is a historical fiction written in French by American-born author Jonathan Littell. The book is narrated by its fictional protagonist Maximilien Aue a former SS officer of French and German ancestry who helped to carry out the Holocaust and was present during several major events of World War II.The 983-page book became a bestseller in France and was widely discussed in newspapers magazines academic journals books and seminars.
 Fergus a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore was published in 1970 in the United States by Holt Rinehart and Winston.It tells the story of Fergus Fadden an Irish-born writer living in California who is haunted by ghosts from his past including that of his father.
 The Last Albatross is the first book in Ian Irvine's Eco-thriller titles set in 2010. It depicts what our world might be like in a few years time focusing on environmental depletion and cultural degeneration. There is a large emphasis on green cults and terrorists as well as a love story. The ePub version of the eBook is available to download for free on Ian Irvine's website. It is also available on the Amazon Kindle but is not free.
 Mad Bull 34 (マッド★ブル34 Maddo Buru Sanjūyon) is a manga series written by Kazuo Koike and illustrated by Noriyoshi Inoue serialized in Shueisha's Young Jump between 1986 and 1990 and collected in 27 volumes. The series follows the toughest cop in the NYPD's 34th precinct Mad Bull and his often-violent exploits when dealing the city's criminals.Mad Bull was adapted into a four-part original video animation released from December 21 1990 to August 21 1992.
 MS. Found in a Bottle is an 1833 short story by American writer Edgar Allan Poe. The plot follows an unnamed narrator at sea who finds himself in a series of harrowing circumstances. As he nears his own disastrous death while his ship drives ever southward he writes an MS. or manuscript telling of his adventures which he casts into the sea. Some critics believe the story was meant as a satire of typical sea tales.Poe submitted MS.
 PlayStation Official Magazine - UK generally abbreviated as OPM is a magazine based in the United Kingdom that covers PlayStation news originally created in Winter 2006. Although the first issue was distributed in three-month intervals from Issue 2 onward it became a monthly segment. As of Issue 7 (June 2007) the magazine comes with a playable Blu-ray Disc; it primarily covers PlayStation 3 and Playstation 4 games and material.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Taimashin (退魔針) is a Japanese manga written by Hideyuki Kikuchi and illustrated by Misaki Saitoh. The manga was licensed in the US by ADV Manga. The first volume of the manga was released on November 9 2004 before the license was cancelled. The manga is licensed for a French-language release in France by Taifu Comics and in Russia by Comics Factory.
 Terra Nova (Portuguese meaning New Land) is a weekly newspaper that covers top stories from the island of São Vicente in the island country of Cape Verde. Terra Nova is headquartered in Mindelo the nation's second largest city and is one of the most circulated newspapers and dailies in Cape Verde as well as the island of São Vicente. It was founded in 1975 making it one of the oldest newspapers that ever existed in the country or the archipelago.
 The Evidence of Things Not Seen is a 1985 nonfiction book by James Baldwin about the Wayne Williams Atlanta child murders of 1979-1981. The title is a reference to the definition of faith from the Biblical Letter to the Hebrews 11:1.
 After serving with the Peace Corps in Togo in 1982-3 George Packer wrote The Village of Waiting about his experiences there. The book chronicles Packer's time as an English teacher in the small village of Lavie (meaning wait a little longer) as well as his visits to the capital Lomé and several other African countries.
 Always a Body To Trade is a crime novel by the American writer K.C.
 The Photographer's Mail was the only commercial photography industry publication in New Zealand.
 The Kinston Free Press is a newspaper based in Kinston North Carolina.
 The Spook's Sacrifice is the sixth installment in the Wardstone Chronicles series by Joseph Delaney. Its release date is August 25 2009. In the U.S. it is titled The Last Apprentice: Clash of the Demons.The first 84 pages of the book and some of The Journal of Thomas J. Ward may be read athttp://browseinside.harpercollins.com/index.aspx?isbn13=9780061344626
 Lover's Flat (１Ｋアパートの恋 Wan-kei apaato no koi) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hyouta Fujiyama. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on 1 August 2007. It looks at two couples who are neighbours in an apartment complex.
 Hello Good-bye officially written as Hellogood-bye (katakana: ハローグッドバイ Harō Guddobai) sometimes abbreviated as HGB is a Japanese Bishōjo visual novel developed and published by Lump of Sugar playable on PC. Hello Good-bye was Lump of Sugar's sixth title officially released on 16 October 2010 after Prism Rhythm was published. Other eroge games established by Lump of Sugar include Nursery Rhyme Itsuka Todoku Ano Sora ni Tayutama: Kiss on my Deity (most notably) and more.
 Big Trouble is a novel written by Dave Barry. It was made into a film version in 2001. However the film was not released until 2002 because of the September 11 attacks. Barry who used to write for the Miami Herald set the novel's events in and around Miami Florida. [In point of fact this plot-line below is the plot-line of the movie. The book is far more detailed and ironic. I.E.
 Vertigo is the student magazine of the University of Technology Sydney. Its name derives from the university's main building which is a 28-storey brutal modernist tower block and how the Vertigo Offices were originally at its summit (they have since been moved to Level 3). The magazine is published by the UTS Students' Association.The name Vertigo was adopted in 1991.
 The Burton Mail (formerly the Burton Daily Mail) is a British daily newspaper published each weekday and on Saturdays. It covers the East Staffordshire South Derbyshire and North West Leicestershire areas. In the period December 2010-June 2011 it had an average daily circulation of 12198.
 Learning Python is a tutorial book for the Python programming language and is published by O'Reilly.
 The Queens Nose is a children's novel by Dick King-Smith first published by Gollancz in 1983 with illustrations by Jill Bennett. Set in England where King-Smith lived it features a girl who can use a fifty pence coin to make wishes. It was adapted as the 1995 TV series The Queen's Nose which was a great success and ran for 7 series.
 Franklin Evans; or The Inebriate is a temperance novel by Walt Whitman first published in 1842.
 The Hind and the Panther: A Poem in Three Parts (1687) is an allegory in heroic couplets by John Dryden. At some 2600 lines it is much the longest of Dryden's poems translations excepted and perhaps the most controversial. The critic Margaret Doody has called it the great the undeniable sui generis poem of the Restoration era…It is its own kind of poem it cannot be repeated (and no one has repeated it).
 The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing Traitor to the Nation Volume I: The Pox Party is an American historical novel for young adults written by M.T. Anderson and published by Candlewick Press in 2006. It won the annual U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literatureand the American Library Association named it a Printz Honor Book one of four runners up for the annual Michael L.
 The Sorrow Gondola (Swedish: Sorgegondolen) is a 1996 poetry collection by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer. The title refers to the composition La lugubre gondola by Franz Liszt. It was the first collection by Tranströmer published after his 1990 stroke. It received the August Prize.
 Sin: A Novel also known as Sins is a 1973 politico-historical novel written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José. This particular work of literature features the History of the Philippines for the most part spanning the twentieth century through the eyes of the “amoral” Don Carlos Corbello a wealthy patriarch also known by the moniker “C.C.”. Being a part of that era Corbello reaps most of what he sowed when he was already on his “deathbed”.
 The 100 Best Australian Albums (aka One Hundred Best Australian Albums) is a compendium of rock and pop albums of the past 50 years as compiled by music journalists Toby Creswell Craig Mathieson and John O'Donnell. The book was published on 25 October 2010 by Hardie Grant Books (Prahran Victoria). Sony Music has released a five CD compilation to support the book.According to O'Donnell It wouldn't be a good list if it didn't polarise people and we hope that this list will.
 The 3 Mistakes of my Life is the third novel written by Chetan Bhagat. The book was published in May 2008 and had an initial print-run of 420000. The novel follows the story of three friends and is based in the city of Ahmedabad in western India.This is the third best seller novel by Chetan Bhagat.
 The Purple Pterodactyls is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in hardcover by Phantasia Press in January 1980 and in paperback by Ace Books in April of the same year. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
 Korzár (Corsair in English) is a regional newspaper published in Kosice Slovakia.
 The Sirens of Surrentum is a children's historical novel set in Roman times by Caroline Lawrence. The novel is the eleventh in The Roman Mysteries series.
 Real Life Adventures is a nationally syndicated comic strip created by Lance Aldrich and Gary Wise. It is most often a single-panel strip except for weekends. The strip deals with everyday foibles.
 Thorn Ogres of Hagwood is the first book in the Hagwood series by Robin Jarvis. It was originally published in 1999. The sequel Dark Waters of Hagwood is to be released in June 2013.
 The Alchemist's Cat (The Alchymist's Cat in the original British version) is the first book in The Deptford Histories series by Robin Jarvis. It was published in 1991. It is a fantasy book set in 1660s London and provides background material for Jarvis' earlier Deptford Mice series. The book shows the beginning of Jupiter and his family.
 The Irish Voice is a newspaper published in New York City New York. It focuses on news and stories from an Irish-American perspective. The paper was first published in the fall of 1987 and was targeted at the new Irish immigrants who were moving in large numbers into the US.
 Managing the Professional Service Firm is a book by David H. Maister a Harvard Business School professor and professional service firm consultant. The book is a compilation of 32 articles written over the preceding ten years and covers topics from strategy to profitability marketing to motivating employees.
 A Bride's Story (Japanese: 乙嫁語り Hepburn: Otoyomegatari) is a historical romance manga by Kaoru Mori. It is published by Enterbrain in the magazine Harta (previously called Fellows!) and is so far collected in 6 tankōbon volumes. The manga is licensed in English in North America by Yen Press.
 1963 is an American six-issue comic book limited series written by Alan Moore in 1993 with art by his frequent collaborators Steve Bissette John Totleben and Rick Veitch. Dave Gibbons Don Simpson and Jim Valentino also contributed art.
 Burning Buildings (full title: Burning Buildings. Lyric of the Modern Soul Горящие здания. Лирика современной души) is the fifth book by Russian Silver Age modernist poet Konstantin Balmont. It was first published in 1900 by the Moscow Scorpion publishing house and made its author famous across his country. The collection comprised 131 poems most of them written in the autumn and winter of 1899 in the house of publisher and friend Sergey Poliakov.
 Weirdo was a magazine-sized comics anthology created by Robert Crumb and published by Last Gasp from 1981 to 1993.Weirdo served as a low art counterpoint to its contemporary highbrow Raw. Early issues of Weirdo reflect Crumb's interests at the time – outsider art fumetti Church of the SubGenius-type anti-propaganda and assorted weirdness. It also introduced artists such as Peter Bagge Dori Seda and Dennis (Stickboy) Worden.
 Rod Serling's Devils and Demons is an anthology of fantasy and horror stories edited by Rod Serling and ghost edited by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Bantam Books in 1967. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction The English Review New Budget Worlds of Tomorrow New York Herald Routledge’s Christmas Annual The Smart Set and The Civil and Military Gazette.
 Faerie Tale is a supernatural thriller falling within the sub-genre of contemporary fantasy by Raymond E. Feist first published in 1988.
 Statism and Anarchy (Russian: Государственность и анархия Gosudarstvennost' i anarkhiia) was the last work by the Russian anarchist Mikhail Bakunin. Written in the summer of 1873 the key themes of the work are: the likely impact on Europe of the Franco-Prussian war and the rise of the German Empire Bakunin's view of the weaknesses of the Marxist position and an affirmation of anarchism.
 Muscle & Fitness is an American fitness and bodybuilding magazine founded by Joe Weider but now published by American Media Inc.
 The Leap is a fantasy novel by Jonathan Stroud published in 2001. It centres around a girl whose best friend drowns in a mill pool.
 Alamut is a novel by Vladimir Bartol first published in 1938 in Slovenian dealing with the story of Hassan-i Sabbah and the Hashshashin and named after their Alamut fortress.Bartol first started to conceive the novel in the early 1930s when he lived in Paris. In the French capital he met with the Slovene literary critic Josip Vidmar who introduced him to the story of Hassan-i Sabbah.
 Kritika is a monthly political cultural and literary magazine published in Hungary and based in Budapest.
 Rhymes of Northern Bards (full title – Rhymes of Northern Bards: being a curious collection of old and new Songs and Poems Peculiar to the Counties of Newcastle Northumberland and Durham – Edited by John Bell 1812) is a book of North East England traditional and popular song consisting of approximately 200 song lyrics on over 300 pages published in 1812. It was reprinted in 1971 by Frank Graham Newcastle upon Tyne with an introduction by David Harker.
 Cargo of Eagles is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in 1968 in the United Kingdom by Chatto & Windus London. It was incomplete at her death in 1966 and completed by her husband Philip Youngman Carter. It is the nineteenth novel in the Albert Campion series.
 Halo: First Strike is the third novel in the Halo series and the second Halo novel written by Eric Nylund. Published in 2003 it serves as a bridge between the events of the video games Halo: Combat Evolved and its 2004 sequel Halo 2. First Strike was also released as an audiobook narrated by Todd McLaren.Halo: First Strike opens with the arrival of the Covenant armada at the human stronghold planet of Reach.
 Cycle News is a motorcycling magazine and website based in the United States it was a weekly print publication from 1965 to 2010 and switched to a weekly digital magazine in February 2011. The magazine is headquartered in Irvine California and is best known for coverage of all forms of motorcycle racing.
 The Curse of Chalion is a 2001 fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold. In 2002 it won the Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature and was nominated for the Hugo World Fantasy and Locus Fantasy Awards in 2002.Both The Curse of Chalion and its sequel Paladin of Souls (2003) are set in the landlocked medieval kingdom of Chalion.
 Kraljeva hči is a novel by Slovenian author Igor Škamperle. It was first published in 1997.
 Lords of Madness is an official supplement for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons fantasy roleplaying game.
 London Calling (2006) is a young adult novel by Edward Bloor.
 William Cooper's Town: Power and Persuasion on the Frontier of the Early American Republic is a history book written by American historian Alan Taylor published by Vintage in August 1996. It profiles the life of William Cooper father of novelist James Fenimore Cooper on the frontier of upstate New York. The book won the 1996 Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Swords in the Mist is a fantasy short story collection by Fritz Leiber featuring his sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. It is chronologically the third volume in the complete seven volume edition of the collected stories devoted to the characters. It was first published in paperback in 1968 by Ace Books which reprinted the title numerous times through September 1990; later paperback editions were issued by ibooks (2003) and Dark Horse (2007).
 The Scorch Trials is the second book—preceded by the 2009 novel The Maze Runner—in a young-adult dystopian science fiction trilogy by James Dashner. The novel was published October 5 2010 by Delacorte Press an imprint of Random House. On October 11 2013 it was reported that Fox had acquired the rights to The Scorch Trials.
 The Sea Came In At Midnight (1999) is the sixth novel by American writer Steve Erickson. It has been translated into French German Italian Russian and Japanese. It was named one of the year's best novels by the New York Times Book Review and short-listed for a British Fantasy Society Award.
 Crusader Gold is an archaeological adventure novel by David Gibbins. First published in 2006 it is the second book in Gibbins' Jack Howard series. It has been published in more than 20 languages and was a New York Times bestseller.
 Affliction is a 2013 urban fantasy novel by Laurell K. Hamilton and is the 22nd in the New York Times bestselling Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series. The novel follows Anita Blake and her various lovers as she travels to Colorado and works to uncover a series of murders and infections involving flesh-eating zombies.Cover art was released to media outlets in October 2012. Affliction was published in July 2013 in hardcover and e-book editions. An unabridged audiobook followed later that year.
 Annie John a novel written by Jamaica Kincaid in 1985 details the growth of a girl in Antigua an island in the Caribbean. It covers issues as diverse as mother-daughter relationships lesbianism racism clinical depression education and the struggle between medicine based on scientific fact and that based on native superstitious know-how.
 Photosho (ISSN 1913-0511) is a Canadian magazine that exhibits the photography of Canadian photographers and explores their world. Each issue contains a theme and all Canadian photographers are offered a chance to submit an image for consideration in their printed exhibit. Also contained in each issue are several shocased artists from across Canada as well as articles on the culture of Canadian photographers.
 Seeking a Sanctuary: Seventh-day Adventism and the American Dream is a book about the Seventh-day Adventist Church coauthored by Malcolm Bull and Keith Lockhart.
 Mondomanila (Or How I Fixed My Hair After a Rather Long Journey) is Norman Wilwayco's triple Palanca-winning novel which won in 2002; short story which won in 2000; and screenplay which won in 2003. Its original title is in Tagalog: Mondomanila: Kung Paano Ko Inayos Ang Buhok Ko Matapos Ang Mahaba-haba Ring Paglalakbay.
 Orion is a bimonthly advertisement-free magazine focused on nature the environment and culture addressing environmental and societal issues.It has published such authors as Wendell Berry Barry Lopez Terry Tempest Williams Michael Pollan Mark Kurlansky Derrick Jensen Sandra Steingraber Gretel Ehrlich Bill McKibben Barbara Kingsolver Rebecca Solnit William Kunstler Cormac Cullinan Erik Reece James Howard Kunstler and E.O.
 The Herald-Dispatch is a daily newspaper that serves Huntington West Virginia and neighboring communities in southern Ohio and eastern Kentucky. It is currently a subsidiary of Champion Publishing Inc. based in Huntington.
 Theory of Colours (original German title Zur Farbenlehre) is a work by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe about the poet's views on the nature of colours and how these are perceived by humans. Published in 1810 it contains some of the earliest published descriptions of phenomena such as coloured shadows refraction and chromatic aberration.[citation needed]The work originated in Goethe's occupation with painting and mainly exerted an influence onto the arts (Philipp Otto Runge J. M. W.
 Liberty was a nineteenth-century anarchist periodical published in the United States by Benjamin Tucker from August 1881 to April 1908. The periodical was instrumental in developing and formalizing the individualist anarchist philosophy through publishing essays and serving as a format for debate.Contributors included Benjamin Tucker Lysander Spooner Auberon Herbert Dyer Lum Joshua K. Ingalls John Henry Mackay Victor Yarros Wordsworth Donisthorpe James L. Walker J.
 Ten Silver Coins: The Drylings of Acchora is a young-adult novel written by Andrew Kooman. It is a fantasy novel and its protagonist is Jill Strong. Ten Silver Coins was Kooman's debut novel. Kooman wrote the majority of the book in 2004 while working in Asia. It is the first novel in a three-novel series.
 Harpsong is a novel by Rilla Askew published in 2007. It is volume one in Oklahoma Stories and Storytellers from University of Oklahoma Press. Harpsong received the Oklahoma Book Award the Western Heritage Award the WILLA Literary Award from Women Writing the West and the Violet Crown Award from the Writers' League of Texas in 2008.Harpsong tells the story of Harlan Singer and his teenage wife Sharon on the road in the midwest during the depression.
 Marianas Variety is an award-winning daily newspaper published in Saipan Northern Mariana Islands five times per week. It is owned by Younis Art Studio Inc. Marianas Variety is a member of the Associated Press Reuters and the Pacific Islands News Association.
 Mountain Valley News was a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays based in Cedaredge Colorado covering Delta County Colorado USA. Subscriptions were available in print and online formats. The website at mountainvalleynews.net is given up and now occupied by a squatter. Advertising information was available by calling 970-856-7499.
 Mr. Bass's Planetoid is a 1958 children's science fiction novel by Canadian author Eleanor Cameron. The novel followed The Wonderful Flight to the Mushroom Planet (1954) and Stowaway to the Mushroom Planet (1956).
 Yesterday's Shadow is a 2001 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary his 50th over all. It was the eighteenth book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone.The plot involves two murders which take place at the same hotel on the same night one of the victims being the wife of the American ambassador. Although the book was generally well received critically Cleary only wrote two more Malone novels.
 The European Journal of Post-Classical Archaeologies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the archaeology of the post-classical era. It was established in 2011 and the editor-in-chief is Gian Pietro Brogiolo. The publisher is Società Archeologica s.r.l.
 Anna of Byzantium is a historical novel by Tracy Barrett originally published in 1998.
 Children of the Sea (海獣の子供 Kaijū no Kodomo) is a Japanese seinen adventure manga series written and illustrated by Daisuke Igarashi and serialized in Shogakukan's monthly seinen manga magazine Ikki. Shogakukan has released five tankōbon volumes so far between July 30 2007 and July 30 2012. The manga is licensed in North America by Viz Media who is serializing it online at Sigikki.com and who released the first tankōbon volume on July 21 2009 and the second volume on December 15 2009.
 The Hunt for Red October is Tom Clancy's 1984 debut novel. The story follows a CIA analyst leading a covert group of US Naval officers to steal a cutting-edge Soviet nuclear submarine from 26 defecting Soviet officers and the intertwined adventures of Soviet submarine captain Marko Aleksandrovich Ramius and Jack Ryan former Marine turned CIA analyst.The novel was originally published by the U.S.
 The Sparrow (1996) is the first novel by author Mary Doria Russell.It won the Arthur C. Clarke Award James Tiptree Jr. Award Kurd-Laßwitz-Preis and the British Science Fiction Association Award. It was followed by a sequel Children of God in 1998. The title refers to Matthew 10:29-31 which relates that not even a sparrow falls to the earth without God's knowing of it.
 The News Reporter is a broadsheet semi-weekly (Monday and Thursday) newspaper based in Whiteville North Carolina. The paper was founded in 1896 and serves Columbus County North Carolina United States. The News Reporter won the Pulitzer Prize in 1953 shared with the Tabor-Loris Tribune for reporting of Ku Klux Klan activities in Columbus County.
 Bauer und Arbeiter ('Peasant and Worker') was a German-language communist newspaper published in Baku in 1924. The newspaper was launched in July 1924. It was the organ of the German Section of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (bolshevik) of Azerbaijan. The newspaper was published weekly. A. A. Erfurt served as the editor of Bauer und Arbeiter. Its editorial board consisted of reporters and other staff members of the newspaper.
 Tainaron: Mail From Another City (orig. fin. Tainaron: Postia toisesta kaupungista) is a science fiction/fantasy novel written in 1985 by Finnish author Leena Krohn. The book is regarded as the author's breakthrough novel. Tainaron was nominated for the Finlandia Prize in 1985 The Nordic Council Literature Prize in 1988 the World Fantasy Award and the International Horror Guild Award in 2005.
 The New Crusaders is a fictional superhero team published by Archie Comics. A reboot of the previously published Mighty Crusaders title New Crusaders follows the sons and daughters of the original Mighty Crusaders as they acquire their own powers and attempt to become superheroes. The series is written by regular Sonic the Hedgehog writer Ian Flynn.
 The Left Leg is a novel that was published in 1940 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Alice Tilton. It is the fourth of the eight Leonidas Witherall mysteries.
 Kjære Margit!: Et festskrift til Nordens folkelesningsdronning; Margit Sandemo 70 år (in English Dear Margit!:The Anniversary Book to the Queen of Readers of the Nordic Countries; Margit Sandemo 70 Years) is a Norwegian autobiographical book by Norwegian-Swedish fantasy writer Margit Sandemo. This book has not been translated into other languages and it has been sold out from the publisher for many years. Kjære Margit was first published in 1994.
 Macworld is a web site and monthly computer magazine dedicated to products and software of Apple inc. It is published by Mac Publishing which is headquartered in San Francisco California. Published since 1984 the magazine has the largest audited circulation (both total and newsstand) of Macintosh-focused magazines in North America more than double its nearest competitor MacLife (formerly MacAddict). Macworld was founded by David Bunnell (publisher) and Andrew Fluegelman (editor).
 And the Sea Will Tell is a true crime book by Vincent Bugliosi and Bruce B. Henderson. The nonfiction book a New York Times #1 hardcover bestseller[citation needed] and still in print as a trade paperback recounts a double murder on Palmyra Atoll; the subsequent arrest trial and conviction of Duane (Buck) Walker; and the acquittal of his girlfriend Stephanie Stearns whom Bugliosi and Leonard Weinglass defended.
 Poseidon's Arrow is a Dirk Pitt novel the twenty-second of that series. The hardcover edition was released November 6 2012. Other editions were released on other dates.
 Clockers is a 1992 novel by American author Richard Price.The book takes place in the fictitious city of Dempsey (based on Newark and Jersey City) in North Jersey. It centers on the workings of a local drug gang and the dynamics between the drug dealers the police and the community.
 The Iron Dream is a metafictional 1972 alternate history novel by Norman Spinrad.The book has a nested narrative that tells a story within a story. On the surface the novel presents an unexceptional pulp post-apocalypse science fiction action tale entitled Lord of the Swastika.
 The Egyptian Gazette is an English-language Egyptian daily part of the Al Gomhuria group of news publications. First published on January 26 1880 it is the oldest English-language newspaper in the Middle East. Khaled Bakir is chairman of the Gazette's board and Ramadan Abdel Kader has been the editor-in-chief since July 2005.
 Aspergirls: Empowering Females with Asperger Syndrome is a book regarding Asperger's syndrome in females. It was written by Rudy Simone in 2010 and published by Jessica Kingsley Publishers.Girls with Asperger's Syndrome are less frequently diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome than boys. When the symptoms are recognized in girls less help is offered than with boys. The coping with such challenges is difficult in females.
 Biblioteka Dlya Chteniya (Russian: Библиоте́ка для чте́ния English: The Reader's Library) was a Russian monthly magazine founded in Saint Petersburg Russian Empire in 1834 by Alexander Smirdin.
 Hymn From A Watermelon Pavilion is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium. It was first published in 1917 so it is in the public domain.The dweller in the dark cabin may be understood to be the specifically poetical dreamer like the old sailor in Disillusionment of Ten O'Clock. Stevens enjoins him not to sleep in his dream but rather to explore its riches. If the sleeper rises to do so he will not waken for he is still in the dream.
 The Normal Christian Life is a book by Watchman Nee based on talks he gave in English in Denmark during a trip to Europe in 1938-1939. This book was originally published in Bombay in 1957 by Angus Kinnear from notes of Nee's spoken messages. In The Normal Christian Life Nee presents his views on what the normal Christian life should be and summarizes what normal is for a Christian with I live no longer but Christ lives his life in me (Gal. 2:20).
 Motherless Brooklyn is a Jonathan Lethem detective story set in Brooklyn and published in 1999. Lethem's protagonist Lionel Essrog has Tourette syndrome a disorder marked by involuntary tics. Essrog works along with Tony Danny and Gilbert who call themselves the Minna Men for Frank Minna—a small-time neighborhood owner of a seedy and makeshift detective agency—who is stabbed to death.
 Indoor and Built Environment is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering any topic pertaining to the quality of the indoor and built environment and how this affects the efficiency performance health and comfort of those living or working there. Topics range from urban infrastructure design of buildings and materials used for laboratory studies including building airflow simulations and health effects. The editor-in-chief is Chuck Yu (EnviroAct Consultants ISBE Ltd).
 The Nova Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Nova L. Rev.) is a tri-annual law review published by Nova Southeastern University's Shepard Broad Law Center. The review was established in 1976 and publishes articles essays and lectures.
 Girl Got Game originally published in Japan as Power!! is a manga series written and illustrated by Shizuru Seino. Originally serialized in Bessatsu Friend from 1999 until 2002 the individual chapters have been collected and published in ten tankōbon volumes by Kodansha. The series focuses on Kyo Aizawa a girl forced by her father to live as a boy so she can be on her new school's boys top-ranked basketball team.
 The Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of research in HIV/AIDS including basic science clinical science and epidemiology. It is currently published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
 To Lucasta Going to the Warres is a 1649 poem by Richard Lovelace. It was published in the collection Lucasta by Lovelace of that year. The initial poems were addressed to Lucasta not clearly identified with any real-life woman under the titles Going beyond the Seas and Going to the Warres on a chivalrous note.
 Oru Desathinte Katha (English: The Story of a Locale) is a Malayalam novel written by S. K. Pottekkatt in 1971. It sketches the men and women of Athiranippadam drawing the history of the country while detailing the micro-history of a place. It won the Kendra Sahitya Academy Award in 1972 and Jnanpith Award in 1980.
 The Darkness Gathers is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger writing as Lisa Miscione. It is the second book featuring Lydia Strong.
 The Lady is Britain's oldest weekly women's magazine. It has been in continuous publication since 1885 and is based in London. It is particularly notable for its classified advertisements for domestic service and child care; it also has extensive listings of holiday properties.The magazine was founded by Thomas Gibson Bowles the maternal grandfather of the Mitford sisters.
 Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz (1929) is the twenty-third of the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and continued by other writers; it is the ninth Oz book written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was Illustrated by John R. Neill.
 The Stage is a British weekly newspaper and website covering the entertainment industry and particularly theatre. It was founded in 1880. It contains news reviews opinion features and recruitment advertising mainly directed at those who work within the industry. 300000 people consult thestage.co.uk every month in addition to the tens of thousands who view the title in print every Thursday.[citation needed]
 Philosophy of the Social Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers philosophy of social science. Its editor-in-chief is Ian C. Jarvie (York University). The journal was established in 1971 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Charleston City Paper is an alternative weekly published every Wednesday in Charleston South Carolina.
 Cartesian Meditations: An Introduction to Phenomenology is a book by the philosopher Edmund Husserl based on two two-hour lectures he gave at the Sorbonne in the Amphithéatre Descartes on February 23 and 25 1929. Over the next two years he and his assistant Eugen Fink expanded and elaborated on the text of these lectures.
 Al Eqtisadiah (Arabic: الاقتصادية‎ 'The Economy') is a Saudi daily newspaper published by Saudi Research and Publishing Company. It is published in Arabic.
 The Mountain Xpress is an alternative newspaper covering news arts local politics and events in Asheville and western North Carolina. Published each Wednesday in print and online it has a print circulation of about 29000. The Mountains Xpress is one of 130 member newspapers of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies.
 Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You is a young adult novel by Peter Cameron. James Sveck the protagonist tells the reader about his life including the reasons he became the Missing Misfit and is seeing the psychiatrist.
 Catch the Lightning is a novel by Catherine Asaro in the Saga of the Skolian Empire also known as Tales of the Ruby Dynasty. The novel won the 1998 Sapphire Award for Best Science Fiction Romance and the UTC Readers Choice Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
 Ru is a novel by Canadian novelist Kim Thúy first published in French in 2009 by Montreal publisher Libre Expression. It was translated into English in 2012 by Sheila Fischman and published by Vintage Canada.
 The Romulan War: Beneath the Raptor's Wing is a Star Trek: Enterprise relaunch novel released on 20 October 2009.The book focuses (as the title suggests) on the Earth-Romulan War which has never been seen on-screen during any of the Star Trek series only mentioned. The book covers the first year of the war from July 2155 to July 2156.
 When I Was Mortal is a short story collection by the Spanish writer Javier Marías. It was translated into English by Margaret Jull Costa and published in the United States in 2002 by New Directions.
 Exile’s Song is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Adrienne Martine-Barnes in her Darkover series. It was first published by in hardcover by DAW Books in 1996. The book takes place during the era of Darkover's history known as the second age post-Comyn and after the coming of the Terrans.The book is part of a trilogy within the series comprising Exile's Song The Shadow Matrix and Traitor's Sun.
 Jewtopia is a comedic play by Bryan Fogel and Sam Wolfson.It focuses on two friends Chris O'Connell and Adam Lipschitz both approaching their 30th birthdays. Gentile Chris is interested in dating Jewish women because he feels that they will make his life easier by making all of life's decisions for him. Jewish Adam wants to date Gentile women because he does not wish to be reminded of his roots.
 Hazeta Slonimskaya (Газета Слонімская; Газета Слонимская; 7000 to 8000 copies) is an independent local newspaper published in Slonim Belarus.
 Vers une architecture translated into English as Toward an Architecture (but commonly known as Towards a New Architecture) is a collection of essays written by Le Corbusier (Charles-Edouard Jeanneret) advocating for and exploring the concept of modern architecture. The book has had a lasting effect on the architectural profession serving as the manifesto for a generation of architects a subject of hatred for others and unquestionably a critical piece of architectural theory.
 Gore Vidal's novel The Smithsonian Institution is a fictional account of the adventures of T. as he helps a group of scientists in the basement of the Smithsonian create the neutron bomb and encounters historical figures such as President Abraham Lincoln Charles Lindbergh Eleanor Roosevelt and Mrs. Grover Cleveland.Vidal supposedly claimed that this was the inspiration for the 2006 film Night at the Museum[citation needed].
 The Time of Your Life is a 1939 five-act play by American playwright William Saroyan. The play is the first drama to win both the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the New York Drama Critics Circle Award. The play opened 25 October 1939 at the Booth Theatre in New York City. It was produced by the Theatre Guild and with staging by Eddie Dowling who also starred as Joe and William Saroyan.
 Embalming -The Another Tale of Frankenstein- (エンバーミング -THE ANOTHER TALE OF FRANKENSTEIN- Enbāmingu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nobuhiro Watsuki with occasional writing assistance from his wife Kaoru Kurosaki. It has been running in the monthly Jump SQ.
 Dorian an Imitation is a 2002 novel by Will Self. The book is a modern take on Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray. Set in the 1980s and '90s it adheres closely to Wilde's original even retaining characters' names with some alterations. It was originally published by Viking Press in 2002 and subsequently by Penguin in 2003.
 Echo Park is the 17th novel by American crime-writer Michael Connelly and the twelfth featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus Harry Bosch.
 Dark Visions is a trilogy of young adult fiction by L. J. Smith written in the mid- 1990s. The story follows the protagonist Kaitlyn Fairchild as she attends uncovers a plot and ultimately defeats the Zetes Institute a place where she went to learn about her own psychic powers. Kait and the four other psychics at the live-in Zetes Institute are the most powerful psychics in the country in their age group. They come from all areas of the U.S. and become best of friends.
 360 Gamer is a UK-based video games magazine dedicated to the Xbox 360 console published since 27 October 2005 by Uncooked Media (which previously published its sister PlayStation 3 magazine Play Gamer as well as the current titles FSM and Neo).
 The Cambridge Companion to Marx is a 1991 collection of articles about Karl Marx edited by Terrell Carver. The articles link Marx to contemporary questions in the social sciences.
 The Report Card is a children's novel by Andrew Clements first published in 2004. The story is narrated by a 5th grade girl Nora Rose Rowley. Nora is secretly a genius but does not tell anyone for fear that she will be thought of as different.
 Promise at Dawn (French: La promesse de l'aube) is a 1960 autobiographical novel by the French writer Romain Gary. Jules Dassin directed a 1970 film with the same title based on the novel.
 Palm Sunday is a 1981 collection of short stories speeches essays letters and other previously unpublished works by author Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
 Questions of Truth is a book by John Polkinghorne and Nicholas Beale which offers their responses to 51 questions about science and religion. The foreword is contributed by Antony Hewish.The book was launched at a workshop at the 2009 American Association for the Advancement of Science Annual Meeting in Chicago and then in the UK at a discussion at the Royal Society chaired by Onora O'Neill in a week when it was also featured on the Today Programme.
 The Gun is a novel by C.S. Forester about an imaginary series of incidents involving a single eighteen-pound cannon during the Spanish Peninsular War (1807-1814) against Napoleon Bonaparte. It was first published in 1933.As the story begins the huge bronze cannon is abandoned by the remnants of a Spanish army retreating after their defeat in Battle of Espinosa.
 The Münster Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal covering research in all fields of pure and applied mathematics. It is published by the Mathematical Institutes of the University of Münster. It was established in 1948 as the Schriftenreihe des Mathematischen Institutes Münster by Heinrich Behnke and continued by Reinhold Remmert G. Maltese and Christopher Deninger. The journal obtained its current title in 2008 with volume numbering restarted at 1.
 Gay Neck the Story of a Pigeon is a 1928 children's novel by Dhan Gopal Mukerji that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1928. It deals with the life of Gay Neck a prized Indian pigeon. Mukerji wrote that the message implicit in the book is that man and winged animals are brothers. He stated that much of the book is based on his boyhood experiences with a flock of forty pigeons and their leader as the boy in the book is Mukerji himself.
 The Battle of Dorking: Reminiscences of a Volunteer is an 1871 novella by George Tomkyns Chesney starting the genre of invasion literature and an important precursor of science fiction. Written just after the Prussian victory in the Franco-Prussian War it describes an invasion of Britain by an unnamed country similar to Germany.
 The Chaneysville Incident is a 1981 novel by David Bradley. It concerns a black historian who investigates an incident involving the death of his father and a prior incident involving the death of some 12 slaves. John the historian struggles to solve the mystery of his father Moses Washington a moonshiner with a troubled past. Imagination hunting death and racial tensions all make thematic appearances in this novel. Chaneysville is in Bedford County Pennsylvania.
 The People of Paper is the debut novel of Salvador Plascencia. It was first published as a part of the Rectangulars line of McSweeney's Books. In form the novel owes a debt to a wide variety of experimental fiction from the magical realism of Latin American writers to the Beat writings of William S. Burroughs to the American postmodernists of the 1960s and 1970s particularly in its turn towards metafiction.
 The Redeemer is a special 4-issue comic mini-series published by Warhammer Monthly Games Workshop's monthly comic collection.
 Fiendish Codex II: Tyrants of the Nine Hells is an optional supplemental source book for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game.
 The Mansion is a novel by the American author William Faulkner written in 1959. It is the last in a trilogy of books about the fictional Snopes family of Mississippi following The Hamlet and The Town. It charts the plotted downfall of Flem Snopes by his relative Mink Snopes in part aided by Flem's deaf veteran daughter Linda Snopes.
 Envy: A Luxe Novel is a young adult novel by author Anna Godbersen. It is the third book in The Luxe Series.
 A Man in Full is a novel by Tom Wolfe published on November 12 1998 by Farrar Straus & Giroux. It is set primarily in Atlanta with a significant portion of the story also transpiring in the East Bay region of Northern California.
 The Great Eight: How to Be Happy (even when you have every reason to be miserable) is a self-help book written by Olympian figure skater Scott Hamilton.
 A Theory of Fun for Game Design is a book written and illustrated by Raph Koster. It is based upon a presentation Koster gave at the Austin Game Conference in 2003 and the book reflects its origins by displaying text on one page and a cartoon/graphic from the talk on the other page.Raph Koster's thesis is that games are all essentially edutainment teaching us the skills we might need in real life in a safe low-stakes environment.
 Croatian Tales of Long Ago (Croatian: Priče iz davnine) is a short story collection written by the acclaimed children's author Ivana Brlić-Mažuranić (sometimes spelled as Ivana Berlić-Mažuranić in English) originally published in 1916 in Zagreb by the Matica hrvatska publishing house.
 The Butt is a satirical novel by Will Self published in 2008.
 Komrij's Patentwekker (Komrij's patented alarm clock) is a book of humorous poetry by Dutch author Gerrit Komrij first published in 1974. The book contains four poems which outline a fictional invention—an alarm clock that consists of a burning candle inserted in the sleeper's anus containing markings for each hour to be spent sleeping. The deeper the candle is inserted the earlier the sleeper rises; the inventor acquires a patent on his idea.
 Xiandai Hanyu Cidian (simplified Chinese: 现代汉语词典; traditional Chinese: 現代漢語詞典; pinyin: Xiàndài Hànyǔ Cídiǎn) also known as the Contemporary Chinese Dictionary is an authoritative one-volume Chinese language dictionary published by the Commercial Press now into its 6th (2012) edition. It was originally edited by Lu Shuxiang and Ding Shusheng as a reference work on modern Standard Chinese.
 The Guard (el-hares Arabic: الحارس‎) is Ezzat el Kamhawi's third novel and sixth book released by el-Ain publishing in 2008.
 Outlook: Canada's Progressive Jewish Magazine is an independent secular Jewish periodical published six times a year and based in Vancouver British Columbia. Founded in 1962 as Canadian Jewish Outlook an English supplement to the Yiddish newspaper The Vochenblatt the publication has a socialist-humanist perspective; it receives support from the United Jewish Peoples Order though it is not formally affiliated with it.
 Karmabhoomi The land where one works is a Hindi novel by Munshi Premchand. Karmabhoomi is set in the Uttar Pradesh of the 1930s. By the beginning of the 20th century Islam and Hinduism had coexisted in India for over a thousand years and barring the occasional outbursts of violence the two religious communities had lived together peacefully and shared strong social bonds except marriage.
 This is a novel by American romance novelist Danielle Steel. The book is spread over a span of 75 years. It tells the story of a woman named Sarah Thompson and how she faced obstacles in her life to emerge a determined strengthened woman.
 Microsystem Technologies is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It covers research on electromechanical materials design and manufacturing aspects of microsystems and their components. The editors-in-chief of the journal are B. Michel (Fraunhofer IZM Berlin Germany) and B. Bhushan (Ohio State University).
 The Armageddon Inheritance is a science fiction novel written by David Weber in two books containing a total of 27 chapters. It is the second book in his Dahak trilogy (after Mutineers' Moon and before Heirs of Empire).
 The Touch of Evil is a fix-up fantasy horror novel written by John Rackham. Its three episodic parts were originally written as short stories and published in the Dec. 1960 and June and Dec. 1961 issues of the British magazine Science Fantasy. The book was first published in paperback by Brown Watson in 1963 as no. R658 of its Digit Books series.
 The Darkest Evening of the Year is a novel by the author Dean Koontz released on November 27 2007. The title is a possible allusion to Robert Frost's Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening.
 Three-Body is a modern Chinese science fiction trilogy written by Liu Cixin and is also the title of the first book in that trilogy. The first book was serialized in Science Fiction World in 2006 winning the Galaxy Award in the same year. Two sequels followed 2008's Dark Forest and 2010's Dead End.
 The Daily Liberal is a daily newspaper produced in the city of Dubbo New South Wales Australia. The news stories published relate particularly to the city of Dubbo and the surrounding district. The newspaper was first printed in 1875. The current price for the daily editions is A$1.60. It has previously been published as The Dubbo Liberal and Macquarie Advocate and The Daily Liberal and Macquarie Advocate.The Saturday edition is published under the moniker of the Weekend Liberal.
 Glubbslyme is a fantasy novel by the children's author Jacqueline Wilson
 Transformers: Exodus – The Official History of the War for Cybertron is a fantasy-adventure novel by Alexander C. Irvine. It revolves around the Transformers and the origin of the war and experiences prior to it.
 Scarlet is a creator-owned comic book series written by Brian Michael Bendis under Marvel Comics' Icon imprint. The title is illustrated and co-created by Alex Maleev.The series is about a young woman named Scarlet Rue from Portland who rebels against a corrupt society and ends up starting a new American revolution in the process.
 The Witchmaster's Key is Volume 55 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Vincent Buranelli in 1976.
 Only Death Is Real: An Illustrated History of Hellhammer and Early Celtic Frost 1981–1985 is a non-fiction book written by Tom Gabriel Fischer with collaboration of Martin Eric Ain published through Bazillion Points on March 30 2010. The book features an introduction by Nocturno Culto of Darkthrone and a foreword by author Joel McIver.
 The Hanging Garden is a 1998 crime novel by Ian Rankin. It is the ninth of the Inspector Rebus novels. It was the second episode in the Rebus television series starring John Hannah airing in 2001.
 Extra Credit is a 2009 children's novel written by Andrew Clements. It is about a girl named Abby Carson who struggles in school. Her teacher decides now is the time to act. It's time for Extra Credit. Abby is going to fail the sixth grade and be held back. She knew that she had problems in school but nothing this serious! The only way to save her grade is to get high scores for the rest of the year do all of her homework and do an extra credit report.
 Poor Charlie's Almanack is a collection of speeches and talks by Charlie Munger compiled by Peter D. Kaufman. First published in 2005 (ISBN 1-57864-303-1) it was released in an expanded edition (ISBN 1-578-64501-8) three years later.
 The Log from the Sea of Cortez is an English-language book written by American author John Steinbeck and published in 1951. It details a six-week (March 11 – April 20) marine specimen-collecting boat expedition he made in 1940 at various sites in the Gulf of California (also known as the Sea of Cortez) with his friend the marine biologist Ed Ricketts.
 The Baltic Origins of Homer's Epic Tales is an essay written by Felice Vinci a nuclear engineer and amateur historian published for the first time in 1995.The book translated in several languages submits a revolutionary idea about the geographical setting of the Iliad and Odyssey. Felice Vinci started reading Greek classics and learned about a passage from the De facie quae in orbe lunae apparet by Plutarch which points out the location of Ogygia.
 The Golden Gate is a novel written by the Scottish author Alistair MacLean. It was first released in the United Kingdom by Collins in 1976 and later in the same year by Doubleday in the United States.
 Zap Comix is an underground comics which was part of the youth counterculture of the late 1960s.
 Shroud for a Nightingale is a 1971 detective novel written by PD James in her Adam Dalgliesh series. Chief Superintendent Adam Dalgliesh of Scotland Yard is called in to investigate the death of two student nurses at the hospital nursing school of Nightingale House. The novel was adapted as a television miniseries by Anglia Television in 1984 with Roy Marsden as Dalgliesh and Joss Ackland as the surgeon Stephen Courtney-Briggs.
 New Writings in SF 15 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the fifteenth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1969 followed by a paperback edition issued under the slightly variant title New Writings in SF-15 by Corgi the same year.The book collects six novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 Coup de Lune (Éditions Fayard 1933) literally moonburn or moonstroke in French but translated into English as Tropic Moon is a novel by Belgian writer Georges Simenon.
 Blender was an American music magazine that billed itself as the ultimate guide to music and more. It was also known for sometimes steamy pictorials of celebrities. It compiled lists of albums artists and songs including both best of lists and worst of lists. In each issue there was a review of an artist's entire discography with each album being analyzed in turn.Blender was published by Dennis Publishing.
 Sonic Universe is a comic book series set within Archie Comics's Sonic the Hedgehog continuity designed to expand the horizon of that fictional universe. Sonic Universe deals with various characters throughout the fictional universe including Shadow the Hedgehog Blaze the Cat Silver the Hedgehog and many more. The series follows a unique format in which its lead character and storyline changes every four issues.
 Der Landmann ('The Farmer') was a German-language weekly newspaper. It was the organ of the German Section of the Siberian Bureau of the Russian Communist Party (Bolshevik). It was initially published from Omsk in 1924 but later moved to Novosibirsk after its May 28 1925 issue. Löffler served as the editor of Der Landmann Der Landmann was closed down in 1930.
 The Hills Have Eyes: The Beginning is a graphic novel prequel to the 2006 The Hills Have Eyes and its Fox Atomic sequel The Hills Have Eyes 2. It was released on July 3 2007 and distributed by Fox Atomic Comics.The Hills Have Eyes: The Beginning tells the story of the original families who refused to leave their small New Mexico town once the U.S. government began above-ground atomic testing.
 Fun Fun Factory (funfun工房 Fan Fan Fakutorī) is a shōjo manga by Yoshitomo Watanabe.
 Hunting For Hidden Gold is Volume 5 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap. The book ranks 111th on Publishers Weekly's All-Time Bestselling Children's Book List for the United States with 1179533 copies sold as of 2001.The plot concerns the theft of gold from a mining camp in Montana. At first the case is being worked on by Fenton Hardy but when he becomes injured he invites his sons Frank and Joe to join him.
 Kvant (Russian: Квант for quantum) is a popular science magazine in physics and mathematics for school students and teachers issued since 1970 in Soviet Union and continued in Russia. Translation of selected articles from Kvant had been published in Quantum magazine in 1990–2001 which in turn had been translated and published in Greece in 1993–2001.
 Trail of the Black Wyrm is a fantasy novel set in the Dragonlance campaign series and is the second of a trilogy about Taladas. The third book in the trilogy is Shadow of the Flame.
 Curse of the Starving Class is a play by Sam Shepard considered the first of a series on family tragedies. Some critics consider it part of a Family Trilogy which includes Buried Child (1979) and True West (1980). Others consider it part of a quintet which includes Fool for Love (1983) and A Lie of the Mind (1985).
 The Provinciale Zeeuwse Courant is a Dutch newspaper for the region of Zeeland. It is owned by Koninklijke Wegener BV. Founded in 1758 it is the third-oldest newspaper in the country.
 In Deep is a collection of eight science fiction short stories by Damon Knight. The stories were originally published between 1951 and 1960 in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction Rogue and other magazines. The book contains the short story The Country of the Kind considered by many to be Knight's finest.The story The Handler was omitted from British editions of the book.
 Edge of Dark Water is a murder/mystery novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It was published by Mulholland Books in March 2012. A limited edition has been issued by British publisher PS Publications. It was recognized as a Booklist Editors' Choice: Adult Books for Young Adults by the American Library Association.
 Sheeko is a glossy lifestyle magazine aimed at Horn Africans (Somalis Ethiopians and Eritreans). The magazine is published quarterly in London. It covers current events health fashion beauty career and contemporary living topics that are of interest to the Horn African community.
 The Channings is an 1862 novel by the British writer Ellen Wood. A man takes responsibility for a theft he believes his brother has committed. His brother is really innocent of the crime and the real culprit is later caught.
 The Feeling of Power is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the February 1958 issue of If: Worlds of Science Fiction and was reprinted in the 1959 collection Nine Tomorrows the 1969 retrospective Opus 100 and the 1986 collection Robot Dreams. In the introduction to Robot Visions Asimov lists this story as one of the notable robot stories.
 A sports novel is a literary genre that focuses on the theme of sports and athletics in general.
 The Reflector is the student newspaper of Mississippi State University founded in 1884.
 Manga Time Kirara (まんがタイムきらら Manga Taimu Kirara) is a Japanese seinen[citation needed] manga magazine published by Houbunsha which mainly serializes four-panel comic strips. The magazine is sold monthly on the ninth. The magazine was first published as a special edition of Manga Time (another magazine by the same publishing company) on May 17 2002.
 Dune: The Butlerian Jihad is a 2002 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the fictional Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the first book in the Legends of Dune prequel trilogy which takes place over 10000 years before the events of Frank Herbert's celebrated 1965 novel Dune.
 The Southern Accent is the weekly student-run newspaper at Southern Adventist University. It was founded in 1926.
 Winnie The Witch is a series of eleven picture books written by Valerie Thomas and illustrated by Korky Paul. According to Oxford University Press more than two million books have been sold of this series.Following on from the success of the picture books a series of 'young fiction' Winnie The Witch books were written by Laura Owen also illustrated by Korky Paul.
 The Secret Intensity of Everyday Life is a novel by the British playwright novelist and Oscar nominated screenwriter William Nicholson.
 The Boston Business Journal is a weekly business-oriented newspaper published in Boston Massachusetts. It is published by the American City Business Journals.The newspaper was founded by Robert Bergenheim and launched its first issue on March 2 1981. The newspaper was originally named P&L The Boston Business Journal (P&L stood for profit and loss). However P&L was later dropped from the name leaving the publication with its present title Boston Business Journal.
 Juke Blues is a British magazine covering blues R&B gospel soul zydeco and jazz. It was established in 1985 in London by Cilla Huggins John Broven and Bez Turner and is now published in Bath Somerset England. Cilla Huggins has been sole editor since 1992.The magazine contains a mixture of biographical articles on blues and related musicians both active and historic as well as interviews discographies and reviews.
 Minami-kun no Koibito (南くんの恋人) is a Japanese manga by Shungicu Uchida. It has been adapted into two Japanese television dramas. The manga has been released in France by Éditions IMHO with the title La petite amie de Minami. The theme song of the 2004 drama series is Hitomi no Naka no Galaxy by Arashi.
 Ysabel is the tenth novel by Canadian fantasy author Guy Gavriel Kay. It was first published in January 2007 by Viking Canada. It is Kay's first urban fantasy and his first book set outside his fantasied Europe milieux since the publication of his first three novels in the 1980s (The Fionavar Tapestry). Kay lived in the countryside near Aix-en-Provence the setting of Ysabel while he wrote it.
 Drömfakulteten (The dream faculty) is a 2006 novel by the Swedish writer Sara Stridsberg. The main character of the narrative is the American radical feminist Valerie Solanas. The novel received the Nordic Council Literature Prize. In 2011 it was voted as the best Swedish novel from the 2000s in a poll held by the newspaper Dagens Nyheter which involved one hundred Swedish critics authors journalists and publishers.
 Rin! (凛！) is a Japanese manga written by Satoru Kannagi and illustrated by Yukine Honami. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga between 25 October 2006 and 25 April 2007. It is licensed in German by Carlsen Verlag.
 The German Medical Journal is an independent English-language magazine from Germany for an international medical community. With its Digital Edition and its Bilingualism (Arabic-English and Russian-English) the magazine has a broad international circulation.
 Another Kind of Monday is a 1996 young-adult novel by the American writer William E. Coles Jr. (1932–2005) set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of Mark a high school senior who by chance opens an old library copy of Great Expectations and finds $300 along with a set of directions that launches him into a scavenger hunt all over the city and unwittingly into a romance with a co-quester.
 Min Áigi (Our Time in Northern Sami) is a Northern Sámi language newspaper which is published in Kárášjohka in Norway twice a week. Min Áigi is a continuation of the Sámi newspaper Sámi Áigi which went bankrupt in 1989. The first issue of Min Áigi was published on 22 May 1993.
 Nutty was a British comic that ran for 292 issues from 16 February 1980 to 14 September 1985 when it merged with The Dandy. Published by D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd Nutty was an attempt to create a more lively and chaotic comic compared to many on sale at the time. Its strips included: Bananaman as its main strip and by far its most popular. Drawn by John Geering survived Dandy merger and survived The Dandys eventual closure moving to The Beano.
 Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall published in 1971 is the first of Spike Milligan's war autobiographies.
 Daniel Martin is a novel by John Fowles. It was first published in 1977 and can be taken as a Bildungsroman following the life of the eponymous protagonist. The novel uses both first and third person voices whilst employing a variety of literary techniques such as multiple narratives and flashback. The author suggests that the book is concerned with Englishness - what it is like to be English in the late 20th century.
 The Journal of Biological Physics and Chemistry is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal jointly published by the Association of Modern Scientific Investigation and the Collegium Basilea. Its focus is theory and fundamental research in biology. This includes the subject's physical and habitat relationships. Other topics covered are information science some medicine mathematical formulations ecosystems human society and book reviews.
 A Shadow on the Glass is the first novel in The View from the Mirror quartet. The author is Ian Irvine an Australian writer of fantasy and eco-thriller novels. The series follows the characters Llian a brilliant chronicler from the College of Histories in Chanthed and Karan a young woman who owns the humble lands of Gothryme. A Shadow on the Glass was published in 1998 by Penguin Books.
 Days and Nights of Love and War (Spanish: Días y Noches de Amor y de Guerra) is a 1978 book by Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano. It was published in English translation in 1982 by Monthly Review Press. Structured as a series of fragments the book varies in tone from straight journalism to expressionism and poetic lyricism and in genre from short story to aphorism to biography. It established the formal and thematic qualities of Galeano's prose and won the Casa de las Américas Prize in 1978.
 The Wizard of Linn is a science fiction novel written by A. E. van Vogt and a sequel to Empire of the Atom. The novel was originally serialized in the science fiction magazine Astounding Science Fiction (April - June 1950). It was subsequently published in Germany in 1961 by Terra Sonderband as Der Zauberer Von Linn.
 Iron John: A Book About Men is a book by American poet Robert Bly published in 1990 by Addison-Wesley and his best known work to the public at large.
 La Bandera is a 1931 French novel written by Pierre Mac Orlan.
 El Jetón is the final novel published by Salvadoran writer Arturo Ambrogi shortly before his death in 1936. It is considered a classic in Salvadoran literature.
 The Flight of Dragons is a 1979 speculative natural history book written by Peter Dickinson and illustrated by Wayne Anderson.
 The Annals of Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal of oncology published by Oxford University Press. It is the official journal of the European Society for Medical Oncology. The editor-in-chief is Jan Vermorken (Antwerp University). Previous editors were David J. Kerr and Milano Franco Cavalli.Some articles are available for free public access.Before coming to Oxford University Press the journal was published by Springer Science+Business Media.[citation needed]
 Bell's Weekly Messenger was a British Sunday newspaper that began publication on 1 May 1786 under proprietorship of John Bell. Initially a Sunday paper from 1799 the London edition was reprinted on Monday for nationwide distribution. By 1803 it was selling 6000 copies a week at sixpence a copy.
 Diario de Cádiz is a Spanish newspaper founded in Cádiz on June 16 1867 by Federico Joly Velasco. It is published for province of Cádiz.
 Joki virtaa maa pysyy is a Finnish play. It was written by Heikki Luoma.
 The Eternal Flame is the third book in The Great Tree of Avalon trilogy by T. A. Barron. It was preceded by Child of the Dark Prophecy and Shadows on the Stars. The hardcover version of this book was published by Penguin Young Readers Group in 2006.
 The Jakarta Post is a daily English language newspaper in Indonesia. The paper is owned by PT Bina Media Tenggara and the head office is in the nation's capital Jakarta.The Jakarta Post was started as a collaboration between four Indonesian media under the urging of Information Minister Ali Murtopo and politician Jusuf Wanandi. After the first issue was printed on 25 April 1983 it spent several years with minimal advertisements and increasing circulation.
 The Times is a Gannett daily newspaper based in Shreveport Louisiana.
 Death Ray was a British magazine devoted to science fiction and fantasy in all its forms especially media-related topics and novels. It was published every two months with the first issue going on sale in May 2007. Typical issues were 132 pages perfect bound on glossy paper.
 The Necklace or The Diamond Necklace (French: La Parure) is a short story by Guy De Maupassant first published on 17th February 1884 in the French newspaper Le Gaulois. The story has become one of Maupassant's popular works and is well known for its ending. It is also the inspiration for Henry James's short story Paste.
 The New Policeman is a children's fantasy novel by Kate Thompson published by Bodley Head in 2005. Set in Kinvara Ireland it features a teenage boy J. J. Liddy who learns that time is leaking from his world into Tir na nOg the land of the fairies.
 Lore of the Witch World is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton forming part of her Witch World series. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in September 1980 and has been reprinted numerous times since.
 The Philosophy in 90 Minutes series written by Paul Strathern is a series of short introductory biographical overviews on well-known philosophers set in brief historical context along with brief impressions of their philosophies. The books are also produced in audio format; read by narrator Robert Whitfield. The series’ intent is to write about the philosophers' lives [while] adding in a few of their ideas
 Shadow Puppets is a science fiction novel by American author Orson Scott Card published in 2002. It is the sequel to Shadow of the Hegemon and the third book in the Ender's Shadow series (often called the Bean Quartet). It was originally to be called Shadow of Death.
 Gaza in Crisis: Reflections on Israel's War against the Palestinians is a 2010 collection of interviews and essays from Noam Chomsky and Ilan Pappé that examine Israel's Operation Cast Lead and attempts to place it into the context of Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
 999: New Stories of Horror and Suspense (changed to 999: Twenty-Nine Original Tales of Horror and Suspense for the paperback; both generally shortened to 999) is a collection of short stories and novellas published in 1999 and edited by Al Sarrantonio. The title is a contraction of the year as well as 666 upside-down. All twenty-nine stories had never been published before.
 By Night in Chile (Spanish title: Nocturno de Chile) is a novella written by Chilean author Roberto Bolaño and first published in 2000. It was the first of Bolaño's novels to be published in English with Chris Andrews's English translation which appeared in 2003 under New Directions. This short novel has since received critical renown across the world.
 Brunei and Malaysia: Why Sultan Omar Ali Saifuddin Refused to Join the Federation is a 2013 book written by Isa Bin Ibrahim a prominent member of the delegation of Sultan Omar Ali Saifuddin of Brunei with Neil Lawson QC a London lawyer acting as the constitutional adviser on the formation of Malaysia.
 Wild Rock is an explicit yaoi manga created by Kazusa Takashima and is published in English by Blu Manga the boys love publishing division of Tokyopop. It is published in Spain by Ediciones La Cúpula in France by Taifu Comics and in German by Carlsen Manga. In May 2007 Wild Rock was re-released in print in Japan called the Libre Edition. This volume includes a new story that is a sequel to the extra story Child Rock.
 Black Box 149 is a play by Australian playwright Rosemary Johns. It is published by Currency Press.
 Thought: A Journal of Philosophy is a twice-annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the Northern Institute of Philosophy. The journal covers logic philosophy of maths philosophy of mind epistemology philosophy of language and metaphysics. The editors-in-chief are Crispin Wright (New York University) John Divers (University of Leeds) and Carrie Jenkins (University of British Columbia).
 Beautiful Strangers (Romanian: Frumoasele străine) is a 2004 prose collection by the Romanian writer Mircea Cărtărescu. It consists of stories Cărtărescu wrote for the magazine Seven Nights. Cărtărescu groups it with his earlier books The Encyclopedia of Dragons and Why We Love Women as a trilogy of prose with lower literary ambition. Beautiful Strangers was the ninth best-selling book overall in Romania in 2010.
 Song of Songs is an English adaptation of the play Cantique des Cantiques written in 1938 by the French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.
 Hard Landing is a 2004 thriller novel by British author Stephen Leather. Published in 2004 by Hodder & Stoughton it is the first book in the Dan ‘Spider’ Shepherd series. Hard Landing is an international bestseller and is available in ebook and paperback.
 Blame! (Japanese: ブラム! Hepburn: Buramu!) pronounced blam is a ten-volume 1998 cyberpunk manga by Tsutomu Nihei published by Kodansha. A six part original net animation was produced in 2003 with a seventh episode included on the DVD release.
 Queueing Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering queueing theory. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The current editor-in-chief is Sergey Foss. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 0.717.
 The Gauntlet is a campus newspaper published by the Gauntlet Publications Society in Calgary Alberta Canada. It has a circulation of 6000 as well as approximately 1300 monthly online hits. It is the official student newspaper of the University of Calgary. It publishes most Thursdays throughout the year.
 Laser & Photonics Reviews is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on all aspects of optical science. It is published by Wiley-VCH and contains reviews and original papers/letters. The journal was established in 2007 by the founding editor-in-chief Theodor W. Hänsch (Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich). Since 2008 the editor-in-chief is Guido W. Fuchs (Wiley-VCH). Originally the journal only published review articles.
 Ghostwalk is a book that introduced a campaign setting for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons game similar to Forgotten Realms or Dragonlance. Unlike most other D&D settings however Ghostwalk was designed to be released as a single book which would contain all the material for the world.
 The Columbia Political Review is Columbia University's undergraduate multi-partisan political magazine. The Columbia Political Review is the official publication of the Columbia Political Union the largest political organization on campus. The Columbia Political Review features articles on domestic and international issues and interviews with political leaders and academics. It is published four times per academic year.
 Bloody Bones is the fifth in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Three Guineas is a book-length essay by Virginia Woolf published in June 1938.
 The News and Star (formerly the Evening News and Star and Cumberland Evening News) is a local tabloid newspaper in Cumbria.
 Smiley's People is a spy novel by John le Carré published in 1979. Featuring British master-spy George Smiley it is the third and final novel of the Karla Trilogy following Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy and The Honourable Schoolboy. George Smiley is called out from retirement for the last time to investigate the death of one of his old agents a former Soviet General titular head of an Estonian émigré organisation based in London.
 acceptera (1931) is a Swedish modern architecture manifesto written by architects Gunnar Asplund Wolter Gahn Sven Markelius Eskil Sundahl Uno Åhrén and art historian Gregor Paulsson.
 Iesu! (Welsh for Jesus) is a play written by Aled Jones Williams. It was premièred in Sherman Cymru Cardiff in August 2008 coinciding with the city hosting the National Eisteddfod. This first production was by Theatr Genedlaethol Cymru.The play proved to be very controversial upon its release due to the portrayal of Jesus as a woman.
 Coralie Lansdowne Says No is a play by Alex Buzo about a woman's struggle for independence.
 The Pagan Christ: Recovering the Lost Light is a 2004 best-selling non-fiction book by Tom Harpur (born 1929) a former Anglican priest journalist and professor of Greek and New Testament at the University of Toronto which supports the Christ myth theory.
 The Abstinence Teacher is a 2007 novel by American author Tom Perrotta. It tells the story of Ruth Ramsey a divorced sexual education teacher who lives in suburban New Jersey and comes into conflict with the town's conservative population.
 Rogue Ship is a 1965 novel by A. E. van Vogt created and adapted from 3 short stories to form a novel. The 3 short stores used were: Centarus II Originally published in Astounding Science-Fiction in 1947 Rogue Ship Originally published in Super Science Stories in 1950 The Expendables Originally published in if Worlds of Science Fiction in 1963Using Van Vogt's own terminology when creating a novel from 3 previous short stories he named it a Fixup.
 Dark Prince is a paranormal/suspense novel written by American author Christine Feehan. Published in 1999 it is the first book in her Dark Series which to date has 20 titles.
 Cell Cycle is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering cell biology. The editor-in-chief is Mikhail V. Blagosklonny (Roswell Park Cancer Institute). Cell Cycle is abstracted and indexed in Medline/PubMed and the Science Citation Index Expanded.
 Carry Me Across the Water is a novel by the American writer Ethan Canin.It is an elegiac novel that tells the story of August Kleinman a 78-year-old former Pittsburgh brewery owner who remembers episodes from his life—from his escape from Nazi Germany to his life of poverty in New York to his rise to riches in industrial Pittsburgh. Both the Boston Globe and The Times selected it as a Best Book of 2001.
 Natural Language Semantics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of semantics published by Springer Science+Business Media. It covers semantics and its interfaces in grammar especially in syntax. The editors-in-chief are Irene Heim (MIT) and Angelika Kratzer (University of Massachusetts Amherst).
 Alice Echo-News Journal is a newspaper based in Alice Texas covering the Jim Wells County area of South Texas. Publishing Wednesday Friday and Sunday it is owned by American Consolidated Media.D.S. Boother founded the Alice Echo in 1894 publishing it as a weekly. He sold to a group headed by publisher Kenneth Fellows in 1935 which sold to V.D. Ringwald three years later.
 Final Exit: The Practicalities of Self-Deliverance and Assisted Suicide for the Dying is a controversial 1991 self-destruction book by Derek Humphry founder of the Hemlock Society in California and past president of the World Federation of Right to Die Societies.A newspaper journalist and author who helped his wife Jean end her life with an intentional overdose of medication after a long and painful decline from terminal cancer Humphry wrote the book as a how-to guide for terminally ill people who wish to end their lives. 
 The Jefferson Post is a twice-weekly newspaper printed in West Jefferson North Carolina. It prints news announcements and obituaries for Ashe County.The newspaper is owned by Civitas Media of Davidson North Carolina and has a circulation of 6500 according to the company's website.The Jefferson Post began publishing in 1988.
 Monographs in Systematic Botany also known as Monographs in Systematic Botany from the Missouri Botanical Garden is a series of monographs relating to the study of systematic botany. It is published by the Missouri Botanical Garden Press.Monographs in Systematic Botany was established in 1978. By 2010 a total of 120 issues had been published approximately 15% of which relating to the flora of Latin America are published in Spanish.
 Bougainville: Een gedenkschrift is a novel by Dutch author F. Springer. Published in 1981 it won the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prijs in 1982. The novel is one of the author's most popular and was Springer's first big literary success. It is set in the nineteenth-century Dutch colonial past and contemporaneous Bangladesh and is based on the experiences of the author who grew up in the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) and was stationed in Bangladesh as a diplomat.
 Macross 7: Trash (マクロス7 トラッシュ) is a manga series by Haruhiko Mikimoto serving as a side-story to Macross 7. Unlike many other Macross titles Trash does not feature any mecha or vehicle combat instead focusing on the characters themselves. The manga was serialized for 52 monthly chapters in Shōnen Ace magazine from October 1994 to May 2001 then published as tankōbon from 1995 to 2001 by Kadokawa Shoten.
 The Towers of Trebizond is a novel by Rose Macaulay (1881–1958). Published in 1956 it was the last of her novels and the most successful. It was awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction in the year of its publication.
 The Berrien County Record is an independent weekly newspaper that serves all of Berrien County Michigan as the publication of record for legal notices. It also covers local news obituaries education and sports in Buchanan and the nearby communities of Galien and Niles. The Berrien County Record is one of the longest-running newspapers in Berrien County having been founded in 1867.
 Nature Reviews Cardiology is a peer-reviewed journal for cardiologists.
 Singularity (ISBN 0-9745734-4-2) is a novel by Bill DeSmedt published by Per Aspera Press on November 8 2004.It is based on the theory that the Tunguska Event was caused by a micro black hole.
 The Time Traveler's Almanac is a 2014 anthology edited by Ann and Jeff VanderMeer. It contains stories that focus on time travel. It was released on November 2013 in the UK and on March 18 2014 in the US.
 G.I. Joe: Cobra is a comic book series published by IDW Publishing.
 Dili Supari Baikochi is a Marathi play directed by Santosh Pawar. The star cast includes Supriya Pathare Pradeep Patwardhan Preeti Rajwade Kamlakar Satpute.The play is a laugh riot full of goof ups.
 The Centre Daily Times is a daily newspaper located in State College Pennsylvania in the United States. It is the hometown newspaper for the Pennsylvania State University one of the most well-known and largest universities in the country with more than 40000 students attending the main campus.The Weekly Times was founded in 1898 and was later renamed The State College Times. In 1934 the paper became a daily the Centre Daily Times. It was purchased by Knight Ridder in 1979.
 Stocks for the Long Run is a book on investing by Jeremy Siegel. Its first edition was released in 1994. Its fourth edition was released on November 27 2007. According to Pablo Galarza of Money His 1994 book Stocks for the Long Run sealed the conventional wisdom that most of us should be in the stock market. James K. Glassman financial columnist for The Washington Post called it one of the 10 best investment books of all time.
 Guitar Zero: The New Musician and the Science of Learning is a 2012 popular science book by research psychologist Gary Marcus. It documents the author's process of learning the guitar while discussing aspects of music cognition and the role of critical periods in learning a musical ability. The book was released on January 19 2012 and published by Penguin Books and in December 2012 was released as a paperback under the title Guitar Zero: The Science of Becoming Musical at Any Age.
 The Book of Ebenezer Le Page is a novel by Gerald Basil Edwards first published in United Kingdom by Hamish Hamilton in 1981 and in the United States by Alfred A. Knopf in the same year. It has since been published by Penguin books and New York Review Books in their classics series as well as in French and Italian.
 The ClanDestine (also known simply as ClanDestine) is a superhero comic book series created by writer/artist Alan Davis and published by Marvel Comics. The series stars the Destines a secret family of long-lived British superhuman beings who first appeared in Marvel Comics Presents #158 (July 1994).
 Wings (月刊ウィングス Gekkan Uingusu) is a shōjo manga magazine published by Shinshokan. The magazine is aimed at a female audience in the 16 to 20 year-old age range and tend to be action- or fantasy-oriented stories. Wings previously had a number of special editions such as Shinshokan South or simply South Phantom Club Huckleberry Un Poco and Wings: Story. Currently only Un Poco and Wings: Story are still being published.
 The Australasian Journal of Educational Technology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in educational technology instructional design online and e-learning educational design multimedia computer assisted learning and related areas. It is published in 8 issues per year by the Australasian Society for Computers in Learning in Tertiary Education (ASCILITE) as an open access online-only journal. All previous issues dating from 1985 are accessible online without charges.
 The Songs of Bilitis (/bɪˈliːtɪs/; French: Les Chansons de Bilitis) is a collection of erotic poetry by Pierre Louÿs published in Paris in 1894 (see 1894 in poetry).The book's sensual poems are in the manner of Sappho; the introduction claims they were found on the walls of a tomb in Cyprus written by a woman of Ancient Greece called Bilitis a courtesan and contemporary of Sappho to whose 'life' Louÿs dedicated a small section of his book.
 The Herald is a Malaysian Catholic weekly newspaper.
 Air and Angels is a novel by English author Susan Hill first published in 1991 by Sinclair Stevenson and since republished by Vintage Books in 1999 who have also made it available as an ebook. It is said to contain some of her finest writing
 The Western Morning News is a politically independent daily regional newspaper founded in 1860 and covering Devon and Cornwall and parts of Somerset and Dorset.
 Nine Inches is the eighth novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman released on 13 October 2011 through Headline Publishing Group. Fellow crime author Ian Rankin recognised the book in The Scotsman as one of his books of the year 2011. It was also listed by author Nick Quantrill as one of his Top 5 Books of 2011.
 Tvedestrandsposten is a local newspaper published in Tvedestrand Norway. It was established in 1872 by Arne Garborg.It has a circulation of 3522 of whom 3383 are subscribers.Tvedestrandsposten is published by Tvedestrand & Risør Holding AS which is owned 75% by Østlands-Posten which in turn is owned 100% by A-pressen.
 Stolen Lives: Twenty Years In A Desert Jail (1999) (original title in French: La Prisonnière or The Prisoner) is an autobiographical book by Malika Oufkir about a woman who was essentially a prisoner until she was 38.
 The White Company is a historical adventure by Arthur Conan Doyle set during the Hundred Years' War. The story is set in England France and Spain in the years 1366 and 1367 against the background of the campaign of Edward the Black Prince to restore Peter of Castile to the throne of the Kingdom of Castile. The climax of the book occurs before the Battle of Nájera. Doyle became inspired to write the novel after attending a lecture on the Middle Ages in 1889.
 The Other Side of the Frontier: Aboriginal Resistance to the European invasion of Australia is a history book published in 1981 by Australian historian Henry Reynolds. It is a study of Aboriginal Australian resistance to the British settlement or invasion of Australia from 1788 onwards.The book constituted the first comprehensive research on this topic and had a profound impact on Australian historiography.
 The Dragon's Pearl is the autobiography written by Sirin Phathanothai telling her experiences growing up in the 1950s and 1960s among the leaders of China.The book tells the story of how in 1956 when Bangkok-Beijing relations were tense at the height of the Cold War Thailand was trying to survive the power struggle between China and the United States in Asia.
 Anne Frank: The Biography is the first full biography of Holocaust diarist Anne Frank. Written by Melissa Müller it was initially published in 1998 in Germany. The book was the basis for the mini-series Anne Frank: The Whole Story (2001).
 The Cornell Policy Review is a annual academic journal published by the Cornell Institute for Public Affairs and edited and run by the program's students. It was originally published biannually but switched to annual during the 2013-14 academic year. Formerly known as The Current the journal publishes articles commentaries and interviews relating to public policy. The current editor-in-chief is Jennifer Shin. The journal launched a blog in fall 2013.
 Boundary Creek Times was a newspaper published weekly in Greenwood in the Kootenay Boundary region of southern British Columbia. The newspaper was published between September 1896 and March 1911. The Boundary Creek Times was published by the Times Publishing Company (1896-99) and later by Boundary Creek Printing and Publishing Company (1901-1911) Duncan Ross (1897-1907) was the paper's longest-serving editor.
 Journalism & Mass Communication Educator is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the fields of communication journalism and media studies. The editor-in-chief is Maria Marron. It was established in 1958 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication.
 Epoch is a triannual American literary magazine founded in 1947 and published by Cornell University. It has published well-known authors and award-winning work including stories reprinted in The Best American Short Stories series and poems later included in The Best American Poetry series.
 The Figure in the Carpet is a short story published in 1896 in London by American writer Henry James. The short story is usually referred to as a novella and is told in the first person. The narrator whose name is never revealed meets his favorite author and becomes obsessed with discovering the secret meaning or intention within all the author's works.
 Kokoro Library (ココロ図書館 Kokoro Toshokan) is a manga series by Nobuyuki Takagi that has been adapted into a moe anime directed by Koji Masunari who is also known for being the director of the anime OVA series Read or Die and the 2005 anime series Kamichu.
 Company is a monthly fashion celebrity and lifestyle magazine published in the United Kingdom. It celebrated its 30th birthday in 2008 and in that time has had only six editors: Maggie Goodman Gil Hudson Mandi Norwood Fiona Macintosh Sam Baker and the current editor Victoria White. The magazine generally features celebrities on its covers.
 Epic is a novel written by Conor Kostick. It is the first book in the Avatar Chronicles trilogy and was published in 2004 by The O'Brien Press Ltd.
 The Journal of Ethics & Social Philosophy is a peer-reviewed open-access academic journal of moral political and legal philosophy published by the University of Southern California.
 Cartilage is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of sports medicine especially the musculoskeletal system with particular attention to cartilage repair function and degeneration. The editor-in-chief is Roy D. Altman. It was established in 2010 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the International Cartilage Repair Society.
 The Other House is a novel by Henry James first published as a serial in the Illustrated London News in 1896 and then as a book later the same year. Set in England this book is something of an oddity in the Jamesian canon for its plot revolving around a murder. The novel was originally planned as a play called The Promise. James sketched a scenario for the play in 1893 but it didn't interest theater managers.
 Whirl Away is a book written by award winning Canadian writer Russell Wangersky first published in March 2012 by Thomas Allen Publishers. In the book the author compiles a collection of short stories that examine what happens when people’s personal coping skills go awry.
 When a Crocodile Eats the Sun is an acclaimed 2006 book of memoirs by Peter Godwin. It is a continuation of Godwin's highly successful earlier memoirs Mukiwa. The book was published by Picador.
 The Post was a national daily newspaper in Pakistan owned by Khabrain Group of newspapers. Attempting to rival the existing newspapers it had brought a new vision into the modern journalism. It was founded on August 14 2005 by late Ednan Shahid. The paper had its resident offices at Islamabad and Karachi.
 Internet and Technology Law Desk Reference is a non-fiction book about information technology law written by Michael Dennis Scott. The book uses wording from legal cases to define information technology jargon and gives citations to individual lawsuits. Scott received his B.S. degree from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and graduated with a J.D. from the University of California Los Angeles. He has taught as a law professor at Southwestern Law School.
 Year of Wonders: A Novel of the Plague is a 2001 international bestselling historical fiction novel by Geraldine Brooks. It was chosen as both a New York Times and Washington Post Notable Book.
 See Me After Class (朝まで授業chu! Asa Made Jugyō Chu!) is a Japanese manga series written by Akiyoshi Ohta and illustrated by Munyū. It was adapted into an original video animation in 2012.
 Histopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering diagnostic research and surgical pathology. It was established in 1977 and is published monthly by Wiley-Blackwell. It is currently edited by Alastair Burt. Histopathology is an international journal intended to be of practical value to surgical and diagnostic histopathologists and to investigators of human disease who employ histopathological methods.
 Financial Chronicle (FC) is an Indian English-language daily newspaper published since 2008. The newspaper primarily covers Indian economic and international business topics and financial news and issues.
 Al Ahram Al Riyadi is an Arabic weekly sports magazine published in Cairo Egypt.
 Varieties of Capitalism: The Institutional Foundations of Comparative Advantage is a book edited by political economists Peter A. Hall and David Soskice. Following a sizable introductory chapter written by Hall and Soskice various other authors analyze two distinct types of capitalist economies: liberal market economies (LME) (e.g. U.S. U.K. Canada Australia New Zealand Ireland) and coordinated market economies (CME) (e.g. Germany Japan Sweden Austria).
 The Terminal Man is a novel by Michael Crichton about the dangers of mind control. It was published in April 1972 and also serialized in Playboy in March April and May 1972. In 1974 it was made into a film of the same name.
 The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion is a 1992 non-fiction book by political scientist John Zaller that examines the processes by which individuals form and express political opinions and the implications this has for public opinion research. The book has been called the single most important book on public opinion since V. O.
 Growing Up Straight: What Every Family Should Know About Homosexuality is a 1982 guide for parents by George Alan Rekers on how to prevent their children from becoming homosexual.
 Adoption & Fostering is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on adoption and foster care. Its editor-in-chief is Roger Bullock (Centre for Social Policy Dartington). It was established in 1977 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the British Association for Adoption and Fostering.
 The Old Tobacco Shop: A True Account of What Befell a Little Boy in Search of Adventure is a children's fantasy novel by William Bowen that was named a Newbery Honor book. The novel published by MacMillan in 1921 is illustrated by Reginald Birch.
 Medea the Musical is a 1994 musical comedy by American playwright John Fisher. The play a farce concerns a theater director's attempt to recast Medea the ancient Greek tragedy by Euripides as a serious modern commentary on LGBT culture which goes humorously wrong when the director's cast and crew refuse to conform to the stereotyped roles he has created for them. The play became a long-running cult favorite in San Francisco in the mid 1990s before touring regionally.
 News24.com is a South African online news resource. It is accessible via the web on DStv and mobile phones. The main news sections are South Africa Africa World Sport Sci-Tech and Entertainment. News24.com also reports business news through Fin24.
 Beast Saga (ビーストサーガ Bīsuto Sāga) is a Japanese multi-media franchise by Takara Tomy that includes a dice game manga series an anime television series and a video game for the Nintendo 3DS. It is similar to Takara's earlier Battle Beasts toyline. A second anime season has been green-lit.
 Painkiller (Chinese: 重型音乐; pinyin: Zhòngxíng Yīnyuè; literally Heavy Duty Music) is China's first heavy music magazine and a legally registered enterprise for print media productions by Chinese State Authority.Based in Beijing it was founded in September 2000 and started off publishing quarterly; the frequency in 2006 is now one issue every two months.Their current average circulation is 40000 copies; sold in all major cities of mainland China (Beijing Chengdu Xi'an...) as well as Hong Kong and Taiwan.The magazine's language is Chinese and has correspondents foreign editors and contributors in the USA UK & Germany for interviews foreign news and features.Unique to Painkiller[citation needed] the magazine has a front cover with the title in Chinese and a back cover with the title in English and normal publication is 204 pages in full color with a fold out color poster.Every issue also has a cover CD and a 'Metal In China' section which promotes and introduces bands on the local Chinese heavy metal scene in which several city scenes are presented and Chinese heavy metal is explained including its function as a 'rebellion of denial' due to the new sound movement.The content focuses on articles and interviews photographs of live concerts from around the world and in China CD reviews and posters – mainly with foreign metal bands from the genres: Heavy metal power metal progressive metal nu metal hard rock metalcore darkwave/gothic/industrial hard core thrash metal death metal black metal grindcore etc.Further activities include the support of the local metal underground the organization of concerts CD distribution throughout China and certain internet activities. 
 Arthur & George (2005) is the tenth novel by English author Julian Barnes which takes as its basis the true story of the 'Great Wyrley Outrages.'
 The Adventures of Ook and Gluk: Kung-Fu Cavemen from the Future is a graphic novel by Dav Pilkey and a second spin-off of Captain Underpants.The plot of the book involves George and Harold the lead characters from Pilkey's Captain Underpants series complaining that scientists don't know everything so they make a comic book about science facts.
 The It Girl is the first book in The It Girl series. It was written in 2005 by a ghostwriter with suggestions from Cecily von Ziegesar. [1] Aimed toward young adults it is a spin-off from the bestselling Gossip Girl series. Jenny Humphrey has been kicked out from Constance Billard in the eighth book of the Gossip series. Her life resumes in this new series as she enrolls at Waverly Academy an elite boarding school in Upstate New York filled with glamorous rich kids.
 George was a glossy monthly magazine centered on the theme of politics-as-lifestyle co-founded by John F. Kennedy Jr. and Michael J. Berman with publisher Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. in New York City in September 1995. Its tagline was Not Just Politics as Usual. It was published from 1995 to 2001.
 Ironman is a 1995 novel by young adult writer Chris Crutcher who studied art and literature at the University of Notre Dame in his twenties. He created the cover image on the novel himself using the medium of oil pastel. The novel Ironman is the story of Beauregard Brewster a high school student training for a triathlon while also in disputes with his father and English teacher both of whom exhibit portentous views of masculine authority.
 Fear of Flying is a 1973 novel by Erica Jong which became famously controversial for its attitudes towards female sexuality and figured in the development of second-wave feminism.The novel is written in the first person: narrated by its protagonist Isadora Zelda White Stollerman Wing a 29-year-old poet who has published two books of poetry. On a trip to Vienna with her second husband Isadora decides to indulge her sexual fantasies with another man.
 The Indianapolis Star is a morning daily newspaper that began publishing on June 6 1903. It has won the Pulitzer Prize for investigative reporting twice in 1975 and 1991. It is currently owned by the Gannett Company.
 Top 10 is a superhero comic book limited series published by the America's Best Comics imprint of Wildstorm itself an imprint of DC Comics. Written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Gene Ha and Zander Cannon the series details the lives and work of the police force of Neopolis a city in which everyone from the police and criminals to civilians children and even pets has super powers and colourful costumes.
 L'Idea Nazionale (Italian for The National Idea) was an Italian political newspaper associated with the Italian Nationalist Association (ANI) which merged with the National Fascist Party in 1923. It was founded by ANI activist Enrico Corradini. Other writers for the journal included Roberto Forges Davanzati Francesco Coppola Maurizio Maraviglia and the Romanian Elena Bacaloglu.The Nationalist Association and its paper advocated militaristic nationalism and creation of an Italian empire.
 Image of the Beast (1968) is a science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer.
 The Egyptian Cross Mystery is a novel that was written in 1932 by Ellery Queen. It is the fifth of the Ellery Queen mysteries.
 The Story of the Glittering Plain (full title: The Story of the Glittering Plain which has been also called the Land of Living Men or the Acre of the Undying) is an 1891 fantasy novel by William Morris perhaps the first modern fantasy writer to unite an imaginary world with the element of the supernatural and thus the precursor of much of present-day fantasy literature. It is also important for its exploration of the socialist themes that interested Morris.
 Lemony Snicket: The Unauthorized Autobiography is a fictional autobiography of A Series of Unfortunate Events author and character Lemony Snicket. It was published on May 1 2002.
 Cults of Unreason is a non-fiction book on Scientology pseudoscience and cults written by Christopher Riche Evans Ph.D. The book was first published in the UK in 1973 by Harrap and in the United States in 1974 by Farrar Straus and Giroux and then again in paperback in 1975 by Delacorte Press. The book was also published in German by Rowohlt in 1976.
 Ninja High School (also known as NHS) is a comic book series created written and illustrated by Ben Dunn and currently published by Antarctic Press. It was at first published by Eternity Comics. On occasion other artists and writers have contributed to the series including Carlos Kastro Eric Meheu and Fabian Doles.NHS takes place in a suburban town known as Quagmire located Somewhere in the Midwest.
 America's Civil War is a full-color history magazine published bi-monthly which covers the American Civil War. It was established in 1988 by editor Roy Morris Jr. It covers the battles campaigns leaders and common soldiers of the Civil War.
 Asam Sahitya Sabha Patrika (Assamese: অসম সাহিত্য সভা পত্ৰিকা; Ôxôm Xahityô Xôbha Pôtrika) is an official journal of the Asam Sahitya Sabha. The first issue was appeared in October 1927. Chandradhar Barua was the founder editor of the journal who edited the journal till 1936.
 Diagnostics of Karma (Russian: Диагностика Кармы) is a series of 12 books written by Sergey Nikolayevich Lazarev a Russian researcher and writer in bioenergetics and healing. The books were featured on Russian and Ukrainian TV via interviews with their author.
 Time's Arrow Time's Cycle is a 1987 history of geology by Stephen Jay Gould offering a historical account of the conceptualization of Deep Time and uniformitarianism using the works of Thomas Burnet James Hutton and Charles Lyell.
 Passion (熱情 Netsujyou) is a Japanese yaoi manga series written by Shinbou Gotoh and illustrated by Shoko Takaku. Originally published by Tokuma Shoten Publishing in Japan the series is licensed and published in English in North America by Digital Manga Publishing. The four-book series follows the romantic entanglements between Shima a male high school teacher and a male student at his school Hikaru Umino as well as Shima's ex-lover Amamiya who also teaches at Shima and Hikaru's school.
 The Trentonian is a daily newspaper serving Trenton New Jersey USA and the surrounding Mercer County community. The paper has a daily circulation of slightly more than 30000 and a Sunday circulation of less than 28000.
 Hot Vidéo is a French trade journal that covers the adult video industry. It was founded in June 1989 by Fabrice Castel and Eric Vincent and it is edited by VCV Communication. Its average circulation date to 2011 is about 50000 copies per month while in the 1990s it was about 100000 copies.
 God's Grace is the final novel written by American author Bernard Malamud published in 1982 by Farrar Straus and Giroux. The novel focuses on Calvin Cohn the supposed sole survivor of thermonuclear war and God's second Flood who attempts to rebuild and perfect civilization amongst the primates that make their way onto a tropical island.
 The Autograph Man published in 2002 is the second novel by Zadie Smith. It follows the progress of a Jewish-Chinese Londoner named Alex-Li Tandem who buys and sells autographs for a living and is obsessed with celebrities. Eventually his obsession culminates in a meeting with the elusive American-Russian actress Kitty Alexander a star from Hollywood's Golden Age. In 2003 the novel won the Jewish Quarterly-Wingate Literary Prize.
 Sub-Coelum: A Sky-Built Human World is an 1893 utopian fiction written by Addison Peale Russell. The book is one volume in the large body of utopian dystopian and speculative literature that characterized the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
 Many and Many a Year Ago (Turkish title: Senelerce Senelerce Evveldi) is a 2008 novel by Turkish writer Selçuk Altun republished in 2009 by Telegram Books in English language translation by Clifford and Selhan Endres.
 Black Chicks Talking is an arts project by Australian actress Leah Purcell featuring a 2001 documentary film a 2002 book a stage production and an art exhibition. The film is co-directed by Brendan Fletcher and features Indigenous Australian women including Purcell actress Deborah Mailman and politician Kathryn Hay. Following the book and film Purcell wrote a fictionalised dramatisation under the same title.
 Surviving Your Serengeti: 7 Skills to Master Business and Life published March 2011 is a motivational business fable based on author Stefan Swanepoel's experiences in business and growing up in Africa.The book is a New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestseller.
 European Urban and Regional Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles in the field of urban studies related to processes of urban and regional development in Europe. It was established in 1994 and is published by SAGE Publications.
 Love is Like a Hurricane (恋はいつも嵐のように Koi wa Itsumo Arashi no You ni) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Tokiya Shimazaki. It is licensed in North America by 801 Media which released the five volumes between June 2007 and June 2008.
 Amsterdam Weekly was a free English-language cultural paper from Amsterdam published every Wednesday.The paper offered mainly information about cultural topics and events like live concerts theater movies gay and lesbian scene in and around Amsterdam.The paper used to be available at bookshops cinemas clubs grocery stores and restaurants and cafes and could also be downloaded as a PDF from the website.Amsterdam Weekly has been exhibited twice at the Design Museum in London cited as one of 'the most inspiring design innovations to have been developed in Europe in the past two years' and has been awarded six European Newspaper Awards.
 Lorelei at Storyville West is a science fiction short story written by Sherwood Springer. It was first published in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine.
 The European Physical Journal D: Atomic Molecular Optical and Plasma Physics is an academic journal recognized by the European Physical Society presenting new and original research results.
 Wanderers Of Time is a collection of five science fiction short stories by John Wyndham published in Coronet Books in 1973. The stories were early works originally published in magazines in the 1930s and written under the name of John Beynon.
 Bully and the Beast is a yet-to-be-published young adult's fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card. It is currently listed as a work in progress on Card's website.
 SA Rugby magazine is a South African Rugby Union magazine published 11 times a year (monthly with a combined January–February issue during the off-season).
 The Asia-Pacific Journal of Chemical Engineering is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of Curtin University of Technology. Until 2006 it was known as Developments in Chemical Engineering and Mineral Processing: The Australasian Research Journal and published (in print only) by Curtin University of Technology. The current editor-in-chief is Moses O. Tadé (Curtin University of Technology).
 The Miami New Times is a free weekly newspaper published in Miami and distributed every Thursday. It primarily serves the Miami area and is headquartered in Miami's Wynwood Art District.
 Robotech: Prelude to the Shadow Chronicles is a five-part comic book mini-series written by Tommy Yune along with the Waltrip brothers who were previously the art-and-writing team of the Robotech II: The Sentinels comic series. It was published under DC Comics' Wildstorm imprint. It bridges the gap between The Sentinels and the new movie Robotech: The Shadow Chronicles and also features characters from the Robotech Masters Saga.
 The Starship Trap is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Mel Gilden.
 Angel Pavement is a novel by J. B. Priestley published in 1930 after the enormous success of The Good Companions. It is often paired with English Journey (1934).It is a social panorama of the city of London seen largely through the eyes of the employees of the firm Twigg & Dersingham on the first floor of No. 8 Angel Pavement. Their lives are changed after the arrival of a mysterious Mr Golspie who assures the future of their veneer-and-inlay company through imports from the Baltic.
 The Transfer Agreement: The Dramatic Story of the Pact Between the Third Reich and Jewish Palestine is a historic book written by author Edwin Black documenting the transfer agreement (Haavara Agreement in Hebrew) between Zionist organizations and Nazi Germany to transfer a number of Jews and their assets to Palestine. This agreement was partly inspired by a global boycott of Germany that had appeared to threaten the Reich.
 Dylan Dog is an Italian horror comics series featuring an eponymous character (a paranormal investigator) created by Tiziano Sclavi for the publishing house Sergio Bonelli Editore.
 Naoko is a novel by Keigo Higashino. The original title is Himitsu (秘密 Secret). The novel won the 52nd Mystery Writers of Japan Award for Best Novel. The story centers on a man whose wife and daughter are in a terrible accident; the wife dies but when the daughter wakes up he discovers his wife's mind inside.It was made into a 1999 Japanese film directed by Yōjirō Takita.
 Outlaw Nation is an American comic book series originally published by Vertigo Comics from 2000 to 2002 and created by Jamie Delano and Goran Sudzuka.
 Nordlands Trompet is a tributary poem by Norwegian priest and poet Petter Dass praising the nature and people of Nordland. The poem was probably written between the 1660s and 1690s and was first published posthumously in 1739.Nordlands Trompet is regarded as Dass' most important work. The poem first gives a general description of Nordland including weather conditions animal life birdlife the Sami people fisheries and trade. Then follows descriptions fief by fief.
 Marvel Comics Super Special was a 41-issue series of one-shot comic-magazines published by Marvel Comics from 1977 to 1986. They were cover-priced $1.50 to $2.50 while regular color comics were priced 30 cents to 60 cents Beginning with issue #5 the series' title in the its postal indicia was shortened to Marvel Super Special.
 Ramona is an 1884 American novel written by Helen Hunt Jackson. Set in Southern California after the Mexican-American War it portrays the life of a mixed-race Scots–Native American orphan girl who suffers racial discrimination and hardship. Originally serialized in the Christian Union on a weekly basis the novel became immensely popular. It has had more than 300 printings and been adapted four times as a film. A play adaptation has been performed annually outdoors since 1923.
 Plawres Sanshiro (プラレス3四郎 Puraresu Sanshirō) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Jirō Gyū. It was serialized in the Akita Shoten magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion from August 6 1982 to May 3 1985. An anime adaptation aired in 1983 in Japan Hong Kong Greece and Arab countries.
 Milkweed is a 2003 young adult historical fiction novel by American author Jerry Spinelli. The book is about a boy in Warsaw Poland in the years of World War II during the Holocaust. Over time he is taken in by a Jewish group of orphans and he must avoid the German troops (or Jackboots) while living on the streets with other orphans. The story narrator is the boy in the future living in America recalling his past experiences.
 Dombey and Son is a novel by Charles Dickens published in monthly parts from 1 October 1846 to 1 April 1848 and in one volume in 1848. Its full title is Dealings with the Firm of Dombey and Son: Wholesale Retail and for Exportation. Dickens started writing the book in Lausanne Switzerland before returning to England via Paris to complete it.
 Scapegoat: The Jews Israel and Women's Liberation is a 2000 book by the Jewish-American radical feminist author and activist Andrea Dworkin.
 The Woodlanders is a novel by Thomas Hardy. It was serialised from May 1886 to April 1887 in Macmillan's Magazine and published in three volumes in 1887. It is one of his series of Wessex novels.
 The Voyage Out is the first novel by Virginia Woolf published in 1915 by Duckworth; and published in the US in 1920 by Doran.
 Alyzon Whitestarr is a 2005 young-adult novel by Isobelle Carmody.
 Envoy Extraordinary is a 1956 novella by William Golding published along with Clonk Clonk and The Scorpion God in the collection The Scorpion God.Envoy Extraordinary is set in Ancient Rome in and around the Emperor's court. The aged Emperor lives with his favourite grandson the seventeen-year-old Mamillius. The true heir Posthumus is governor of a distant province but is jealous of Mamillius.The normal Roman world is shattered by the arrival of the inventor Phanocles.
 The Journal of General Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Rockefeller University Press. The journal covers biological chemical or physical mechanisms of broad physiological significance. The major emphasis is on physiological problems at the cellular and molecular level.
 Green Lantern is an ongoing comic book series featuring the DC Comics heroes of the same name. The character's first incarnation Alan Scott appeared in All-American Comics #16 and was later spun off into the first volume of Green Lantern in 1941. That series was canceled in 1949 after 38 issues.
 Philosophy: Who Needs It is a posthumous collection of essays by Ayn Rand published in 1982 that deal with philosophy. It was the last book Rand worked on during her lifetime.
 The Family Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Stephen Southern (Mississippi College). It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Borges and I (originally in Spanish Borges y Yo) is a short story by the Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges. It is one of the stories in the short story collection The Maker (originally in Spanish El Hacedor) first published in 1960.
 The Canary Press is a quarterly short story literary magazine published in Melbourne (Australia). It was established in 2013 by Robert Skinner and Andy Josselyn in an elaborate attempt to avoid doing the dishes. The Canary Press publishes short stories and travel writing from Australia and abroad.Skinner believes that fiction is the quickest and most enjoyable way of getting to deeper truths. The Canary Press publishes work for new readers and emerging writers.
 Exit is a magazine that was co-founded in 2000 by editor/photographer Stephen Toner and art director Mark Jubber. The premier issue of Exit featuring more than 100 pages of art fashion and landscape photography went on to receive industry acclaim.We publish work that not only represents the true face of photography but also demonstrates how photographers want to be perceived in an industry that rarely affords them the opportunity. (Stephen Toner
 Cognitive Computation is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal interdisciplinary journal that publishes articles describing original basic and applied work involving bio-inspired computational accounts of all aspects of natural and artificial cognitive systems.
 Päevaleht was a newspaper published 1905–1940 in Estonia.The first issue of Päevaleht was published on 16 December 1905 in Tallinn.In 1924 they expanded to a new building.Following the Soviet occupation the newspaper was replaced by Noorte Hääl (published 1940–1941 and 1944–1990) in 1940. The last regular issue was printed on 26 July 1940.When the German forces took Tallinn in 1941 they tried to restart publishing Päevaleht.
 Belle de Jour is a novel by French author Joseph Kessel published in 1928 by Gallimard.
 Bōken Shōnen (冒険少年) is a manga series of short stories by Mitsuru Adachi which appeared about once a year in Shogakukan's Big Comic Original between 1998 and 2006. The title translates to Adventure Boys. All seven stories deal with grown men each dealing with some aspect of his past. Some of the stories have slight fantasy elements to them while others use flashbacks.
 Conan the Unconquered is a fantasy novel written by Robert Jordan featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in April 1983 and reprinted on a number of occasions. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books in February 1988. The first trade paperback edition was published by Tor in 1991.
 The Journal of the Malaysian Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society (commonly abbreviated as JMBRAS) is a scholarly journal published by the Malaysian Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society or MBRAS. The journal covers topics of historical interest concerning peninsular Malaysia Sabah Sarawak Labuan and Singapore. It was founded in 1877 in Singapore.
 Esli (Russian: Если Russian for If) was a Russian science fiction literary magazine. It was started in 1991 in Moscow as a publisher of foreign SF stories but soon broadened its format to include Russophone writers as well. In 2000s Esli also started publishing fantasy short stories and articles on futurology.The magazine won the European Science Fiction Award (Eurocon award) for best science fiction magazine in 2000. Esli closed down by the end of 2012 due to retailing problems.
 Physical Review A: Atomic Molecular and Optical Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published twelve times per year by the American Physical Society in print online and CD formats. The main focus of interest is atomic molecular and optical physics. The editor-in-chief is Gordon W. F. Drake (University of Windsor).
 South by Java Head is the third novel written by Scottish author Alistair MacLean and was first published in 1958. MacLean's personal experiences in the Royal Navy during World War II provided part of the basis for the story.
 The Man From Saigon is 2009 novel by Marti Leimbach.It was published in the United Kingdom by Fourth Estate in 2009 and in the United States by Nan A. Talese/Random House in 2010.
 Marvel Fanfare is the title of two comic book series published by Marvel Comics. Both versions of Marvel Fanfare were anthology showcase titles featuring a variety of characters from the Marvel universe.
 Reap the Whirlwind is the third book in the Star Trek: Vanguard novel series released in June 2007. It is preceded by Summon the Thunder and followed by Open Secrets.
 River of Gods is a 2004 science fiction novel by Ian McDonald. It depicts a futuristic India in 2047 a century after its independence from Britain characterized both by ancient traditions and advanced technologies such as artificial intelligences robots and nanotechnology. The novel won the British Science Fiction Award in 2004.
 The Master as I Saw Him: Being pages of the life of the Swami Vivekananda is a 1910 book written by Sister Nivedita. The book covers Nivedita's experiences with Swami Vivekananda who she met in London during November 1985.
 '48 is a 1996 alternate history horror novel by British horror author James Herbert.
 Queers in History is an encyclopedia written by Keith Stern of historically prominent people who were lesbian gay bisexual or transgender (LGBT). It was first published on diskette in early 1993 and in an expanded CD-ROM format by the end of 1994. It was one of the first new media titles to be distributed through bookstores. It was available in over 600 independent bookstores worldwide and at selected locations of leading book selling chains in the UK and US.
 The Willow Tree is a novel written by Hubert Selby Jr. and was published in 1998. It was Selby's first novel in twenty years since 1978's Requiem for a Dream.
 Paste is a monthly music and entertainment digital magazine published in the United States by Wolfgang's Vault. Its tagline is Signs of Life in Music Film and Culture. It ran as a print publication from 2002 to 2010 before converting to online-only.
 Wat Phnom Daily is a Khmer language newspaper published in Cambodia with its headquarters in Phnom Penh.
 The Stoker (original German: Der Heizer) is a short story by Franz Kafka. Kafka intended to include the story as the first chapter in a novel he did not complete; the novel was posthumously published under the title Amerika.
 The Journal of the American Oil Chemists’ Society is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media and the American Oil Chemists' Society. The journal publishes original research articles letters and invited reviews in the area of science and technology of oils fats oilseed proteins and related materials.
 The Tennis Court Oath is a 1962 poetry collection by the American writer John Ashbery. Ashbery lived in Paris when it was published working as an art critic. The book received few and negative reviews upon its original publication.
 The Young Man From Atlanta is a drama written by American dramatist Horton Foote first produced Off Broadway by the Signature Theatre on 27 January 1995. Foote received the 1995 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the work. One of four Foote plays the group produced during its 1994/1995 season it was directed by Pete Masterson and starred Ralph Waite as Will Kidder and James Pritchett as Pete Davenport.
 SkyClan's Destiny is a children's fantasy novel the third super edition in the Warriors series. It was written by Cherith Baldry under the pen name of Erin Hunter. Victoria Holmes revealed in an Author Tracker e-mail that they had developed the general idea for the book quickly but took a while to find the right ending. The book follows SkyClan six months after Firestar and Sandstorm left the gorge.
 The Flying Circus of Physics by Jearl Walker (1975 published by John Wiley and Sons second edition in 2006) is a book that poses (and answers) about a thousand questions concerned with everyday physics.
 Der komunistisher veg (Yiddish: דער קאמוניסטישער וועג 'The Communist Path') was a Yiddish-language newspaper published from the Soviet city of Gomel founded in 1920. It was a weekly paper. Der komunistisher veg was the organ of the Gomel Governorate Bureau of the Jewish Section of the Communist Party and the Gomel Governorate Committee. M.
 The Journal of Neurophysiology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1938. It is published by the [[American Physiological Society]] with David Linden as its editor-in-chief. It publishes original research reports concerning the physiological aspects of neuroscience along with a small number of review articles and editorials.
 Portions From a Wine-Stained Notebook is written by Charles Bukowski edited by David Stephen Calonne and published by City Lights.
 Half Hitch was a comic strip created originally by Hank Ketcham. It was an example of military humor but unlike most cartoons and comics focused on the navy rather than the army. The unnamed character first appeared in The Saturday Evening Post in 1943.During World War II Hank Ketcham served in the U.S. Navy. During his service he created a comic strip for the amusement of his fellow sailors following the adventures of a short lecherous sailor and his friends.
 Convergence The International Journal of Research into New Media Technologies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of communications and media. The editors-in-chief are Julia Knight (University of Sunderland) and Alexis Weedon (University of Bedfordshire). It was established in 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Macaroni Boy is an historical young-adult novel by the American writer Katherine Ayres. It is set in 1933 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the Great Depression and tells the story of sixth-grader Mike Costa. His large Italian-American family owns a food warehouse in the Strip District but the school bully taunts him calling him Macaroni Boy. Mike is the store's rat killer and when he checks his traps he is catching fewer.
 Focus is Polish scientific monthly magazine. It was first published in September 1995 by Gruner and Jahr Polska. Some popular articles are Zgłoś Miejsce Biologia Dla Zwykłego Człowieka and Criminal Chemia.
 Purple Pirate is a fantasy novel by author Talbot Mundy. It was first published in 1935 by Appleton-Century.
 The Sistuhs is a 1979 musical play by American playwright Saundra Sharp.
 Time Out which includes magazines websites apps guidebooks and other commercial products is a global publishing and ecommerce business aimed at helping people to make the most of their city. It was founded by Tony Elliott. The magazine apps and sites contain information on events in film theatre fashion literature other artistic events eating out and nights out. As of 2014 there were 46 editions in 30 countries with a combined audience of 28m people.
 The Amazon (Вои′тельница; also The Warrior Woman) is a short novel by Nikolai Leskov first published in the April (vol.1; #7) 1866 issue of Otechestvennye zapiski with a dedication to the painter Mikhaylo Mikeshin whom the author was friends at the time. It featured in Novelets Sketches and Stories by M.Stebnitsky (vol. 1 1967) and later The Complete Leskov (1889) in slightly different version.
 The Magician’s Tea-Party is a fairytale written by British suffragist and author Evelyn Sharp in 1900.
 Blikk is a Hungarian daily newspaper published by a Swiss media company Ringier which also owns some other newspapers in Hungary such as Népszabadság and Nemzeti Sport.
 The House in Lordship Lane is a 1946 British detective novel written by A.E.W. Mason. It is the fifth and final novel in the Hanaud series of stories featuring Inspector Hanaud of the French police. Unlike the rest of the series the story is set in England in the Lordship Lane area of South London.
 Włocławker Sztyme (Yiddish: װלאצלאװקער שטימע 'Voice of Włocławek') was a Yiddish language weekly newspaper published from the Polish of Włocławek 1930-1939. It was one of the longest-running Yiddish newspapers in the city. Zyskind Izbicki A. Lichtensztajn and Israel Mordechai Biderman were editors of the newspaper. The newspaper carried the by-line 'Weekly Paper for Włocławek and surroundings'.
 Asylum is a 1996 gothic fiction novel by British author Patrick McGrath. The novel is the chronicle of a story about self-obsession narrated by the point of view of a psychiatrist. It was adapted into a 2005 film directed by David Mackenzie.
 Cleric's Challenge II is an adventure module for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 This article refers to the book. For the architectural style see Ornamentalism (architecture).Ornamentalism: How the British Saw Their Empire is a book by David Cannadine about British perceptions of the British Empire. Cannadine argues that class rank and status were more important to the British Empire than race.
 Snuff is a novel by Chuck Palahniuk that was released on May 20 2008.
 The Wheat Ridge Transcript Newspaper is a weekly newspaper that serves the community of Wheat Ridge Colorado. The newspaper is owned by Mile high newspapers. Originally the Jefferson County Transcript it has been published since 1982.
 How to Build a Robot Army: Tips on Defending Planet Earth Against Alien Invaders Ninjas Monsters and Zombies is a semi-satirical non-fiction book by Daniel Wilson published in December 2007.
 ColorLines is an American on-line magazine that covers race and politics in society.
 Dental Products Report Europe (DPREurope) is a pan-European publication for dentists and users of dental products. It is a comprehensive collection of new products step-by-step guides research articles and practice management advice and serves as a forum for opinion and insight into current and future trends in dentistry.
 Classic Rock is a British magazine dedicated to the radio format of classic rock published by TeamRock who are also responsible for its sister publication Metal Hammer. Although firmly focusing on key bands from the 1960s through early 1990s it also includes articles and reviews of contemporary and upcoming artists it deems worthy of note. Despite starting as an on-off project it has become one of the UK's best selling music magazines.
 Girl Imagined by Chance is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen published in 2002 by Fiction Collective Two. It is a work of metafiction designed to trouble the unexamined assumptions of the memoir.
 The Henderson Gleaner (or simply The Gleaner) is the daily newspaper in Henderson Kentucky.The Gleaner publishes Tuesday through Sunday mornings. It hasn't published on Mondays since its founding in the 1880s.The Gleaner was locally owned for more than a century but now is owned by the Evansville Courier & Press part of the E. W. Scripps Company media chain.The editor is David Dixon.
 Call It Courage (published as The Boy Who Was Afraid in the United Kingdom) is a book in English written and illustrated by Armstrong Sperry that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1941.
 Positif is a French film magazine founded in 1952 by Bernard Chardère. It was published by Eric Losfeld.It often acted as a counterpoint to Cahiers du cinéma another well-known French film journal notably with Gerard Gozlan's article sarcastically titled In Praise of André Bazin.The current chief editor is Michel Ciment. The contributors included Ado Kyrou.
 In Vitro Cellular & Developmental Biology – Plant is a scientific journal devoted to in vitro biology in plants. Its original research and reviews cover developments and research in plant cell and tissue culture and biotechnology from around the world. Its animal counterpart is In Vitro Cellular & Developmental Biology – Animal.
 Hito Natsu no Kids Game (ひと夏のKIDSゲーム Hito Natsu no KIDS Gēmu) is a short debut manga work by Ken Akamatsu the creator of Love Hina. The manga was published on September issue of Kodansha’s Magazine Fresh on September 10 1993. Ken Akamatsu later received Kodansha’s Freshman Manga Award (Japanese: 新人漫画賞/少年マガジン新人賞) and Special Jury Award (Japanese: 審査員特別賞) for this work. The manga was re-published on 20 May 2001.
 Foundation and Earth is a Locus Award-nominated science fiction novel by Isaac Asimov the fifth novel of the Foundation series and chronologically the last in the series. It was published in 1986 four years after the first sequel to the Foundation trilogy which is titled Foundation's Edge.
 The High Crusade is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson about the consequences of an extraterrestrial scoutship landing in Medieval England.
 This is Herman Cain!: My Journey to the White House an autobiography by Herman Cain was released on October 4 2011. The text is published by Threshold Editions. The memoir made the Amazon.com top 10 Best Sellers list.
 Evening Class is a novel by Maeve Binchy. It was adapted as the award-winning film Italian for Beginners (2000) by writer-director Lone Scherfig who failed to formally acknowledge the source although at the very end of the closing credits is the line 'with thanks to Maeve Binchy'.
 Iterative Receiver Design is a 2007 engineering book by Henk Wymeersch published by Cambridge University Press. The book provides a framework for developing iterative algorithms for digital receivers exploiting the power of factor graphs.
 Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha StrikerS (魔法少女リリカルなのはStrikerS Mahō Shōjo Ririkaru Nanoha Sutoraikāzu) is the third season of the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha series. The Nanoha anime was in turn a spin-off of the Triangle Heart series of games and OVAs specifically Triangle Heart 3: Sweet Songs Forever. This season aired shortly after the promotional event Lyrical Party III on April 1 2007.
 Baltic Astronomy (ISSN 1392-0049) is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Theoretical Physics and Astronomy (Vilnius Lithuania) for astronomical institutions of the Baltic states. The journal was established in 1992. The journal covers all branches of astronomy and astrophysics and is sponsored by the Ministry of Education and Science of Lithuania. The editor-in-chief is Vytautas Straižys.
 Indira Cesarine is a photographer director and editor-in-chief of The Untitled Magazine. A graduate of Choate Rosemary Hall and Columbia University Indira Cesarine began her career in photography in the 1990s having worked as an international photographer for fashion and lifestyle publications including British Vogue GQ British Esquire InStyle Sunday Times Style French Glamour Elle Marie Claire L’Officiel and Ocean Drive.
 Richard Yates is an autobiographical novel by Tao Lin published in 2010.
 Through a Dark Mist is a 1991 historical fiction novel by Canadian author Marsha Canham the first instalment of her Medieval trilogy set in 13th-century England. The story centres on the rivalry and enmity between two brothers each claiming to be one man – Lucien Wardieu Baron De Gournay. The heroine Lady Servanne de Briscourt finds herself caught in the middle when she is betrothed to one but falls in love with the other.
 Incredibly Alice is a novel by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor which was published in 2011.
 Bleacher Bums is a 1977 play written collaboratively by members of Chicago's Organic Theater Company from an idea by actor Joe Mantegna. Its original Chicago production was directed by Stuart Gordon. A 1979 performance of the play was taped for PBS television and in 2002 a made-for-TV movie adaptation was produced.
 Thai Post (Thai: ไทย โพสต) is a daily Thai-language newspaper in Thailand. It is owned by the Thai Journal Group Co. Its circulation is in the 100000-150000 range.
 The Rhinemann Exchange is a novel of suspense by Robert Ludlum set in the middle of the Second World War. In 1977 it was made into a television miniseries starring Stephen Collins.
 Stable Strategies for Middle Management is a science fiction short story published in 1988 by Eileen Gunn. It was nominated for the 1989 Hugo Award for Best Short Story as well as the 1989 Locus Reader’s Poll.
 The Haunted Air is the sixth volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published by Gauntlet Press in a signed limited first edition (2002) then later as a trade hardcover from Forge (October 2002) and a mass market paperback from Forge (April 2004).
 Cat's Eye is a 1988 novel by Margaret Atwood. In it controversial painter Elaine Risley vividly reflects on her childhood and teenage years. Her strongest memories are of Cordelia who was the leader of a trio of girls who were both very cruel and very kind to her in ways that tint Elaine's perceptions of relationships and her world—not to mention her art—into the character's middle years.
 Mona the Vampire is a children's book written and illustrated by Sonia Holleyman and first published in 1990 by Orchard Books. The book is well known for being the original of Holleyman's Mona the Vampire book series as well as being the base of a television series named after it. The story centers around a young girl named Mona and her pet cat Fang who pretend to be vampires together because of their short-term obsession with spooky stories.
 The Long Short Cut is a novel by English author Paul Winterton using the pseudonym Andrew Garve. It has 192-pages and was published by Harper and Row in April 1968.It was the first book printed completely by electronically controlled typesetting (aka: electronic composition).
 The Invention of Art: A Cultural History (2003) is an art history book by Dr. Larry Shiner Emeritus Professor of Philosophy History and Visual Arts at the University of Illinois Springfield Shiner spent over a decade to finish the work of this book.
 The Story of Colors (La Historia de los Colores) is a children's book written by Subcomandante Marcos of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation. First published in 1996 it generated controversy after the National Endowment for the Arts canceled grant money for an illustrated bilingual edition in both Spanish and English. The Lannan Foundation stepped in with support after the NEA withdrew.
 Cane River is a 2001 historical novel by Lalita Tademy that was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection. In a blend of fact and fiction Tademy tells the story of four generations of her slave-born female ancestors — Elisabeth Suzette Philomene and Emily — following their trajectories from the 1830s to the 1930s.
 The African Finance Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering finance accounting and economics in an African context.
 Aesthetic Theory (German: Asthetische Theorie) is a book by the German philosopher Theodor Adorno which was culled from drafts written between 1961 and 1969 ultimately published posthumously in 1970.
 Grumpy Old Women Live is a stage show based on the BBC television series Grumpy Old Women.
 On The Mountain was Thomas Bernhard’s first prose work which he completed in 1959 yet the last of his works to be published in 1989 the year of his death.Based on autobiographical elements which constitute a kind of encyclopaedic view of Bernhard's world this book gives a rare insight into the birth of a remarkable literary oeuvre paralleling that of Kafka and of Beckett.
 New Testament Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press under the auspices of the Studiorum Novi Testamenti Societas. The scope of the journal are short studies and articles on issues pertaining to the origins history and theology of early Christianity and the New Testament including studies in its history of interpretation and effects. the editor-in-chief is John Barclay (University of Durham).
 Jack Adrift: Fourth Grade Without a Clue is a 2003 children's novel by Jack Gantos chronicling his 4th grade year in Cape Hatteras North Carolina only calling the main character Jack Henry instead of Jack Gantos. It is the first of the Jack Henry Adventures series.
 Molecular Systems Biology is an open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research within systems biology at the molecular level including genomics proteomics metabolomics microbial systems the integration of cell signaling and regulatory networks and synthetic biology.The journal was published by Nature Publishing Group together with the European Molecular Biology Organization since its launch in March 2005 until December 2013 when EMBO press was started.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 11.340 ranking it 12th out of 290 journals in the category Biochemistry & Molecular Biology. 
 Under Heaven is the eleventh novel by Canadian fantasy author Guy Gavriel Kay. It was published in April 2010 by Viking Canada. Set in a fantasied Tang China it is Kay's first work set outside of a fantasied European or Mediterranean setting. The novel is based on a fictionalized version of the An Shi Rebellion. Under Heaven takes place in a completely new world as seen by it having only one moon as opposed to the two moon normally present in Guy Gavriel Kay's works.
 Confessions of an Advertising Man is a 1963 book by David Ogilvy. It is considered required reading in many advertising classes in the United States. Ogilvy was partly an advertising copywriter and the book is written as though the entire book was advertising copy.
 Future on Ice (1998) is a science fiction anthology edited by Orson Scott Card belated [1] companion to Future on Fire (1991). It contains eighteen stories written in the 1980s by different writers including The Fringe by Card himself.A third volume a collection of humorous or satirical sf called Future on Hold was contemplated by Card.
 The Tomb is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft written in June 1917 and first published in the March 1922 issue of The Vagrant. It is the first work of fiction that Lovecraft wrote as an adult.
 Mixed Magics: Four Tales of Chrestomanci is a collection of four fantasy stories by the British author Diana Wynne Jones first published by Collins in 2000. One was original to the collection Stealer of Souls a novella about half of the book in length; three had been published in the 1980s.
 House Beautiful is an interior decorating magazine that focuses on decorating and the domestic arts. First published in 1896 it is currently published by the Hearst Corporation who purchased it in 1934. It is the oldest still-published magazine in what is known by publishers as the shelter magazine genre.The magazine was launched in the UK in 1989 targeting Middle England it is still sold in the UK where it has a circulation of 118290
 The Journal of Experimental Psychology: Animal Behavior Processes is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1975 as an independent section of the Journal of Experimental Psychology and covers research in experimental psychology specifically pertaining to all aspects of animal behavior processes. The editor-in-chief is Anthony Dickinson (University of Cambridge).
 Iinari! Aibureshon (いいなり! あいぶれーしょん) is an omorashi manga consisting of four volumes. It was authored by Chizuna Nakajima and serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age published by Fujimi Shobo.Its popularity soon spawned Shizukuishi kyun kyun toilet paper printed with wetting scenes featuring Shizukuishi an accident prone public wetter who often carries toilet paper for cleanup. The product premiered at the 2007 Summer Comic Market in Japan.
 The Troll by Julia Donaldson and David Roberts is a children's story about a troll and some pirates. The troll in this story is based on the troll from the Three Billy Goats Gruff fairy tale. However in this story no goats ever cross the troll's bridge and he is forced to survive on fish that he catches from the river.
 The Meaning of Things: Applying Philosophy to Life published in the U.S. as Meditations for the Humanist: Ethics for a Secular Age is a book by A. C. Grayling. First published in 2001 the work offers popular treatments of philosophical reasoning weaving together ideas from various writers and traditions. It consists of short essays on a variety of subjects which although deeply rooted in philosophy are everyday phenomena encountered recognized and understood by everyone.
 The Good Girl Revolution: Young Rebels with Self-Esteem and High Standards is a 2008 non-fiction book by Wendy Shalit.
 Porvarin morsian (Finnish: The Bourgeois Bride) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 The South Florida Blade formerly The Express Gay News was a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) newspaper in the southern Florida area. The Express was a member of the National Gay Newspaper Guild.The Express was founded in 2000. In 2003 it was acquired by Window Media the largest publisher of gay/lesbian weekly newspapers in the United States.[citation needed]On August 28 2008 Express Gay News underwent a drastic rebranding effort changing format and name.
 The Venetian Twins (Italian - I due gemelli veneziani or The two Venetian twins) is a 1747 play by Carlo Goldoni based on Plautus's Menaechmi. Recent productions include one at the Watermill Theatre and a 1993 production directed by Michael Bogdanov for the Royal Shakespeare Company. The play has also been adapted and staged as a 1979 Australian two-act musical comedy. The play was performed by Greene Shoots Theatre at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival at C Venues (main) in August 2010.
 Rakas Henrietta (Finnish: My Dear Henrietta) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Two-Minute Drill is a 2007 children's book by Mike Lupica and the first book in his Comeback Kids series.
 Comic Yuri Hime S (コミック百合姫S Komikku Yuri Hime S lit. Comic Lily Princess S) is a quarterly yuri manga magazine published by Ichijinsha. The first issue was published on June 18 2007. It is the sister magazine of Comic Yuri Hime. The contributors are mostly shōnen and seinen manga authors. The magazine is aimed at male readers and includes moe elements. In 2010 it was merged with Comic Yuri Hime.
 The Osoyoos Times is a local newspaper based in Osoyoos British Columbia Canada edited by veteran journalist Keith Lacey. It was founded in 1947 with the motto of the newspaper being delivering [sic] the community's news since 1947. Osoyoos Times is headquartered at 8712 Main Street.Controversy has came from the Osoyoos Times however.
 African Economic History is an annual academic journal covering research on all aspects of the economics of the African past including its historiography with an emphasis on sub-Saharan colonial and post-colonial themes. It was established in 1974 as the African Economic History Review and obtained its current title in 1976. The journal is published by the African Studies Program of the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
 Vreme (Serbian for Time) is a weekly newsmagazine based in Belgrade Serbia. In 1990 dissatisfied with the media climate in SR Serbia SFR Yugoslavia's largest constituent unit a group of liberal Serbian intellectuals including prominent lawyer Srđa Popović decided to start a weekly newsmagazine.
 The Pacifist is a jocose short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1956 in Fantastic Universe. It appears in his collection of science fiction tall tales Tales from the White Hart.The story deals with a computer programmer's revenge on his unreasonable military boss by tinkering with software code in a way that makes his boss the laughing stock of the organization.
 The Subject Was Roses is a Pulitzer Prize-winning 1964 play written by Frank D. Gilroy who also adapted the work in 1968 for a film with the same title.
 Night Piece is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson. It was first published in the July 1961 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 La vita agra known in English-speaking countries as It's a Hard Life is a novel by Luciano Bianciardi published in 1962 by Rizzoli. It became a best-seller in Italy and it is considered one of the most important novels in contemporary Italian literature.In 1962 when the novel was released it was praised by the public and the critics. It became a best-seller and was translated into English French German and Spanish.
 Dread Brass Shadows is the fifth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 Harukanaru Toki no Naka de (遙かなる時空の中で lit. Within the Expanse of a Distant Time) is an otome adventure game developed by Ruby Party and published by Koei. It is a part of Ruby Party's Neoromance label.Because of Harukanaru Toki no Naka de's success the game has given rise to a franchise including several sequels numerous drama and music CDs a manga series two OAVs a movie and an anime TV series and a live-action theatrical.
 Hollywood Arms is a play by Carrie Hamilton and Carol Burnett. It ran at the Goodman Theatre and on Broadway in 2002. The play is adapted from Carol Burnett's memoir One More Time.
 Arcade: The Comics Revue was a magazine-sized comics anthology created and edited by Art Spiegelman and Bill Griffith to showcase the work of underground artists. Published by the Print Mint it ran for seven issues between 1975 to 1976. Arriving late in era of underground comix Arcade introduced key underground artists to a generation of readers who had been young children in the late 1960s.
 The White Darkness is a novel by Geraldine McCaughrean published in 2007 by HarperTeen. It won the 2008 Michael L. Printz Award from the American Library Association.Although it reflects Sym’s inner development The White Darkness is also an intriguing mystery story and a gripping survival adventure.
 The Habitation of the Blessed - subtitled A Dirge for Prester John Volume One - is a fantasy novel by Catherynne M. Valente published in November 2010.
 Monster Planet is a serial novel by David Wellington. It is the third and final novel in the author's Monster series of zombie apocalypse horror.
 Jack of Fables was a spin-off of the comic book Fables both of which were published by DC Comics as part of that company's Vertigo imprint. It shows the adventures of Jack Horner that take place after his exile from Fabletown in the Fables story-arc Jack Be Nimble (Fables #34 and #35). A preview of the series was shown in Fables #50 and the series itself debuted in July 2006. It was written by Fables writer Bill Willingham and Matthew Sturges.
 Rhialto the Marvellous is a collection of one essay and three fantasy stories by Jack Vance first published in 1984 by Brandywyne Books a special edition three months before the regular (below). It is the fourth and concluding book in the Dying Earth series that Vance inaugurated in 1950. One of the stories was previously published.
 Genome Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press. The focus of the journal is on research that provides novel insights into the genome biology of all organisms including advances in genomic medicine. This scope includes genome structure and function comparative genomics molecular evolution genome-scale quantitative and population genetics proteomics epigenomics and systems biology.
 The Unofficial Football World Championships (UFWC) is an informal way of calculating the world's 'best' international association football team using a knock-out title system similar to that used in boxing and wrestling.
 The Annual Review of Ecology Evolution and Systematics is an annual scientific journal published by Annual Reviews. The journal was established in 1970 as the Annual Review of Ecology and Systematics and changed its name beginning in 2003. It publishes invited review articles on topics considered to be timely and important in the fields of ecology evolutionary biology and systematics.
 The Peace War is a science fiction novel by American writer Vernor Vinge about authoritarianism and technological progress. It was first published as a serial in Analog in 1984 and then appeared in book form shortly afterward. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1985. Its sequels are The Ungoverned which was a novella published in his collection True Names and Other Dangers and the novel Marooned in Realtime. All three were collected in Across Realtime (Baen Books 1991).
 A Very Tight Place is a novella by Stephen King originally published in the May 2008 issue of McSweeney's and collected in King's 2008 collection Just After Sunset.
 The Dickson McCunn Trilogy is a set of three books by John Buchan. The novels in the trilogy are Huntingtower (1922) Castle Gay (1930) and The House of the Four Winds (1935).
 One-Pound Gospel (1ポンドの福音 Ichi-Pondo no Fukuin) is a manga series created by Rumiko Takahashi. The series was serialized periodically in Weekly Young Sunday from issue 9 in 1987 to issue 3/4 in 2007. Released in North America by Viz Media it is a fusion of the sports (specifically boxing) and romantic comedy genres. The pop music group KAT-TUN's Kazuya Kamenashi starred in a live-action television drama series adaptation and Meisa Kuroki co-starred.
 WomaNews was a radical feminist newspaper that began in Gainesville Florida in the 1970s before moving production to New York New York. Womanews was also the name of a section in the Chicago Tribune dedicated to women's news.
 Postmodernism or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism is a 1991 book by Fredric Jameson offering a critique of modernism and postmodernism from a Marxist perspective. The book began as a 1984 article in the New Left Review.
 1635: The Cannon Law is the sixth book and fifth novel published in the 1632 series by Eric Flint and Andrew Dennis. It is the second novel in the French-Italian plot thread which began with 1634: The Galileo Affair and was published by Baen Books in 2006.
 Something Special is the only published short story by Iris Murdoch. It first appeared in 1957 in a collection entitled Winter's Tales 3 and after inclusion in anthologies in Japan (1971 1972) England (1979) and Finland (1990) it was republished separately by Chatto & Windus in 1999.Yvonne Geary the 24-year-old daughter of a Dublin shopkeeper is courted by a young Jewish man Sam Goldman who takes her out for the night.
 African Anthropologist is the journal of the Pan African Anthropological Association (PAAA).
 Loving Natalee: A Mother's Testament of Hope and Faith is an autobiography written by Beth Holloway about her missing daughter Natalee Holloway with portions contributed by Sunny Tillman. It was first published in October 2007 by HarperOne an imprint of HarperCollins and has also been marketed under its alternate subtitle The True Story of the Aruba Kidnapping and Its Aftermath.
 Heroes is a 2005 translation into English and adaptation by Tom Stoppard of the 2003 French play Le Vent Des Peupliers by Gérald Sibleyras.The play is a comedy set in 1959 in a French retirement home for First World War veterans. (The literal translation of Le vent des peupliers is The Wind in the Poplars.
 Point of View is a monthly newspaper published since 2003 in Springfield Massachusetts. The newspaper is owned and published by Frederick and Marjorie Hurst attorneys practicing in Massachusetts.Point of View distributes free copies of its newspaper in Western Massachusetts and throughout the state of Connecticut. The newspaper is also available online.
 Wheelbarrow Closers is a 1976 play written by Louis La Russo II. The show opened at the Bijou Theatre on October 11 1976 and closed on October 16 1976 after 8 performances.
 The Smell of Telescopes is the title of a collection of short fiction by Welsh fantasy writer Rhys Hughes first published in 2000 by Tartarus Press.
 The State Counsellor (Russian: Статский советник the 5th grade in the Table of Ranks of Imperial Russia) is the sixth novel in the Erast Fandorin historical detective series by Boris Akunin. It is subtitled political detective mystery (Russian: политический детектив). The State Counsellor was originally published in Russia in 2000. The English translation was published in January 2008.
 Diario Oficial El Peruano (English: The Peruvian Official Daily) is the official daily newspaper of Peru. The paper was founded on October 22 1825 by Simón Bolívar making it the oldest newspaper still in existence in Latin America. In addition to carrying news all laws passed in Peru must be published by El Peruano. It is currently edited by Delfina Becerra González.
 Texas Fever is a western novel by Donald Hamilton.
 Princes is a novel written by the award-winning Australian novelist Sonya Hartnett. It was first published in 1997 in Australia by Viking. It is a novel that isn't completely horror but not for the weak-hearted as it has chapters about horror stories death poisoning rats dissecting murder imprisonment in your own house by your twin swearing illness and many other subjects that would make certain people squirm. It is a young adult book.
 The Pit: A Story of Chicago is a 1903 novel by Frank Norris. Set in the wheat speculation trading pits at the Chicago Board of Trade Building it was the second book in what was to be the trilogy The Epic of the Wheat. The first book The Octopus was published in 1901. Norris died unexpectedly in October 1902 from appendicitis leaving the third book The Wolf: A Story of Empire incomplete.
 The Napanee Guide is a weekly newspaper in Napanee Ontario.
 Candide or Optimism — Part II is an apocryphal picaresque novel possibly written by Thorel de Campigneulles (1737–1809) or Henri Joseph Du Laurens (1719–1797) published in 1760. Candide was written by Voltaire and had been published a year earlier (1759). This work was banned and became popular enough that pirated versions started to appear.
 Military History Monthly is a monthly military history magazine published by Current Publishing. The magazine was established in October 2010 as Military Times and obtained its current title in November 2011.
 Girl in May is a 1956 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 The IEEE Transactions on Information Theory is a scientific journal published by the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE). It is dedicated to the study of information theory the mathematics of communications.
 I Tyrant is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Orlovi rano lete (Eagles Fly Early) is a Yugoslavian children's book written by Branko Ćopić and published in 1959 and made into a film in 1966.
 Blindness (Portuguese: Ensaio sobre a cegueira meaning Essay on Blindness) is a novel by Portuguese author José Saramago. It is one of his most famous novels along with The Gospel According to Jesus Christ and Baltasar and Blimunda.
 Running alongside the Japanese release of the TV show Superior Defender Gundam Force SD Gundam Force Musha Retsuden is a barely connected sidestory. As there is always a yearly SD Gundam manga/model kit line running in Japan the title seems to only reference the show in the hopes of further promotion (a possibly false hope as the show did not fare as well as hoped).
 Dark City is a Russian magazine about heavy metal music and subculture. The magazine also covers themes like gothic subculture and horror fiction.Magazine was founded in 2001 as an assignee for magazine named Rock City. Currently Dark City is headed by Andrey Andy Koryukhin. Dark City released a lot of exclusive interviews with stars of extreme metal scene: such ones like Impaled Nazarene Atrocity Crematory Graveworm Arch Enemy Illdisposed Decapitated Autopsy and many others.
 Eager is a children's science-fiction novel written by Helen Fox and first published in 2003. Eager is the name of a self-aware robot in a futuristic society controlled by a company called LifeCorp. Eager was shortlisted for the West Sussex Children's Book Award 2005 - 2006.
 Alan Moore's Yuggoth Cultures and Other Growths is a three-issue comic book miniseries presenting work written by Alan Moore. It was published by Avatar Press in 2003.
 The Dain Curse is a novel written by Dashiell Hammett and published in 1929. Before its publication in book form it was serialized in Black Mask (1928-29).
 The Journal of Aging and Health (JAH) is a medical journal covering aging published by SAGE Publications. It covers research on gerontology including diet/nutrition prevention behaviors health service utilization longevity and mortality. The editor-in-chief is Kyriakos S. Markides.
 Batman: Turning Points is a five-issue Batman limited series exploring the turning points of the relationship between Batman and Commissioner James Gordon and serving as a prologue to Officer Down a storyline leading to Gordon's initial retirement from the police force. Written by Greg Rucka Ed Brubaker and Chuck Dixon with art by Steve Lieber Joe Giella Dick Giordano Brent Anderson Paul Pope and Claude St. Aubin.
 Originally published in 1982 The Snarkout Boys and the Avocado of Death is a young adult novel written by Daniel Pinkwater and features alienated teenagers avocado-obsessed mad scientists and a plot to replace all of the world's realtors with aliens.
 Number the Stars is a work of historical fiction by Newbery Award award-winning author Lois Lowry. It is about the escape of a Jewish family from Copenhagen during Occupation of Denmark on Second World War because of the Holocaust.The story centers around ten-year-old Annemarie Johansen who lived in Copenhagen Denmark in 1943 and was caught up in the events surrounding the rescue of the Danish Jews.
 Strange Objects is a 1990 novel by Australian author Gary Crew.Strange Objects is set in and around Geraldtin in Western Australia and is based on the shipwreck of the Dutch vessel the Batavia. Using the framing device of a collection of papers made by a missing boy Steven Messenger it is a mystery story that explores the construction of history.
 Grand Street was an American magazine which appeared from 1981 to 2004. It was described by The New York Times as one of the most revered literary magazines of the postwar era.
 Melodies and Guns is a poetry collection in English edited by Indira Goswami and authored by Megan Kachari the arrested Central Publicity Secretary of ULFA. The original version is in Assamese with the title Memsahib Prithibi published in 1990. It was translated into English by Pradeep Acharya and Manjeet Baruah and published by UBS Publishers Distributors Ltd Delhi in 2006. The preface of the book is written by Jnanpith Awardee Indira Goswami.
 House of Meetings by Martin Amis is a 2006 novel about two brothers who share a common love interest while living in a Soviet gulag during the last decade of Stalin's rule. This novel was written by Amis during a two-year-long self-imposed exile in Uruguay following the release and tepid reception afforded to his 2003 novel Yellow Dog.
 The Dead and the Gone is a young adult science fiction dystopian novel by Susan Beth Pfeffer. Released in hardcover in May 2008 it is the second book in The Last Survivors following Life as We Knew It and preceding This World We Live In.
 American Creation: Triumphs and Tragedies at the Founding of the Republic is a 2007 non-fiction book written by American historian Joseph Ellis and published by Alfred A. Knopf examining the successes and failures of the Founding Fathers.
 The Two Captains (Russian: Два Капитана) is a novel written by Soviet author Veniamin Kaverin between 1938 and 1944. It is Kaverin's best known work and is considered one of the most popular works of Soviet literature winning the USSR State Prize in 1946 being reissued 42 times in 25 years. The novel tells the story of a Russian youth Alexander Grigoryev as he grows up through Czarist Russia to the October Revolution to World War II.
 Welcome to the El-Palacio (ここが噂のエル・パラシオ Koko ga Uwasa no Eru-Parashio) is a Japanese manga series by Takao Aoyagi. It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series that premiered on TV Tokyo in 2011. The opening of the series is Ready Go by 4Minute.
 Johnny Johnson is a British play. Clive Mantle starred in it.
 Diary of a Girl in Changi (ISBN 0864176198) is the diary of Sheila Bruhn (née Allan) and her experiences in Singapore's Sime Road and Changi internment camps from 1941 to 1945. It was first published by Kangaroo Press in 1994.
 Abante is a daily Filipino tabloid publication in the Philippines. Its office is in Manila. Its editor-in-chief is Allen A. Macasaet. During the State of Emergency in 2006 operatives from the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group tried to raid Abante's office but withdrew when they saw that there are television crew in the area.Currently this is the one of the leading Tagalog-language tabloid paper along with Pilipino Star Ngayon and Bulgar.
 Child: Care Health and Development is a bimonthly peer-reviewed public health journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Association of Community Child Health the Swiss Paediatric Society and the European Society for Social Pediatrics. The journal was established in 1975 and covers child health issues such as childhood illness health care paediatrics and social work.
 Unwed Mother is a novel by Gloria D. Miklowitz. First published in 1977 it was reprinted in 1985. The story deals with a fourteen-year-old girl's pregnancy and her relationship with her baby's father.
 Castles Made of Sand first published in 2002 is the second of a series of five books written by Gwyneth Jones and set in a near-future version of the United Kingdom. It was nominated for the 2002 BSFA Award.
 Days of Ziklag (Hebrew: ימי צקלג Yemei Tziklag) is a novel by S. Yizhar first published in 1958. It is widely considered to be one of the most prominent works in Israeli literature.The novel describes 7 days during the Israeli War of Independence in which it follows a squad of IDF soldiers trying to hold a godforsaken post in the Negev desert. The story's stream of consciousness focuses on the inner worlds of the Palmach soldiers both during and between battles.
 City of Night is a novel released in 2005 by the best-selling author Dean Koontz and Ed Gorman. The book is the second in Koontz's series entitled Dean Koontz's Frankenstein. The third book in the series Dead and Alive was published in 2009.Also in 2009 the three novels comprising the trilogy were collectively re-designated as being by Dean Koontz with the second and future editions effectively airbrushing from history Gorman's contribution to the second instalment.
 The St. Louis Jewish Light is a weekly Jewish newspaper distributed in St. Louis Missouri that was established in 1947. It is located at 6 Millstone Campus St. Louis. It is a constituent agency of the Jewish Federation of St. Louis and has an independent board of directors.
 The Littlest Hitler is a 2006 collection of short stories by Ryan Boudinot.
 Alimentary Pharmacology & Therapeutics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal concerned with the effects of drugs on the human gastrointestinal and hepato-biliary systems particularly with relevance to clinical practice. The journal publishes original papers concerned with all aspects of basic and clinical pharmacology pharmacokinetics and the therapeutic use of drugs in the alimentary tract including the liver gall bladder and pancreas. Its editors are R.E. Pounder and N.J. Talley.
 Theories for Everything subtitled An Illustrated History of Science From the Invention of Numbers to String Theory is a book published by the National Geographic Society. It details the history of science from its earliest beginnings to the latest discoveries. Available in two versions Deluxe and Standard it was originally offered to National Geographic Society members and subsequently in the society's online shop.
 The Girl from Hollywood is an Edgar Rice Burroughs contemporary fiction novel. The Girl from Hollywood was published as a serial by Munsey's Magazine from June to November 1922. The book version was first published by Macaulay Co. on 10 August 1923.The working title was The Penningtons.
 Blood and Honor is a fantasy novel by Graeme Davis set in the world of Eberron and based on the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game. It is the fourth novel in The War-Torn series. It was published in paperback in September 2006 (ISBN 0-7869-4069-7).
 Oriental Tales (French: Nouvelles orientales) is a 1938 short story collection by the French writer Marguerite Yourcenar. The stories share a self-consciously mythological form; some are based on pre-existing myths and legends while some are new. The story How Wang-Fo Was Saved was adapted into an animated short film by René Laloux in the 1980s.
 The Waste Lands is the third book of the The Dark Tower series by Stephen King. The original limited edition hardcover featuring full-color illustrations by Ned Dameron was published in 1991 by Grant. The book was reissued in 2003 to coincide with the publication of The Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla.The book derives its title from the T. S. Eliot poem The Waste Land several lines of which are reprinted in the opening pages.
 Shattered Heroes is a comic book branding that ran through a number of books published by Marvel Comics. It began in October 2011 on issues that follow Fear Itself and explore a number of implications across a number of titles.
 In memoriam is a symphonic poem by the American composer Douglas Moore.Moore wrote In memoriam in 1943 in memory of the young soldiers who died in World War II. It is Moore's darkest work and contrasts strongly with the ebullient Symphony in A major which was written two years later. Most of the music is very elegiac as befits the piece. The premiere was given by Howard Hanson in early 1944.
 Sleeping Dogs is a 1995 young adult novel by Australian author Sonya Hartnett. The novel centers on the depressed Willow family isolated dysfunctional and violent. Bow Fox an artist arrives to stay at the family's caravan park precipitating a dark downward spiral.
 Capitol (1979) was Orson Scott Card's second published book. This collection of eleven short stories set in the Worthing series is no longer in print. However six of the stories have been reprinted in The Worthing Saga (1990) and one of them in Maps in a Mirror (1990).
 The Revenge of Dracula is a horror novel by Peter Tremayne (pseudonym of Peter Berresford Ellis). It was first published in the United Kingdom in 1978 by Bailey Brothers & Swinfen. The first United States edition was published by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in 1978 in an edition of 1250 copies which were signed by the author and the illustrator Dan Green. It is the second book in Tremayne's Dracula Lives trilogy.
 The Taker and Other Stories by Rubem Fonseca is a collection of short crime fiction stories set in Brazil. The stories have a wide range in page length and in severity of crimes but all follow themes of class inequality justice and entitlement. For instance in the story of The Taker the main character feels entitled to everything. He feels that those in society who have something he doesn't owe him that thing. So he takes it.
 The Bluest Eye is a 1970 novel by American author Toni Morrison. It is Morrison's first novel and was written while she was teaching at Howard University and raising her two sons on her own. The story is about a year in the life of a young black girl named Pecola who develops an inferiority complex due to her eye color and skin appearance. It is set in Lorain Ohio against the backdrop of America's Midwest during the years following the Great Depression.
 Territory Politics Governance is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the development of theory and research in territorial politics and the governance of space. It is an official journal of the Regional Studies Association and is published by Routledge.
 Scope was a South African weekly men's lifestyle magazine. The magazine was launched in the 1960s and was controversial for challenging Apartheid South Africa's strict censorship laws with its bikini-clad cover girls. The weekly was published in Durban by Republican Press until its final issue in 1996. At its peak it was South Africa's best-selling English magazine with a circulation of 250000.
 Come and Go is a short play (described as a dramaticule on its title page) by Samuel Beckett. It was written in English in January 1965 and first performed (in German) at the Schillertheater Berlin on 14 January 1966. Its English language premiere was at the Peacock Theatre Dublin on 28 February 1966 and its British premiere was at the Royal Festival Hall in London on 9 December 1968.
 Love from a Stranger is a 1936 play based on Philomel Cottage a 1924 short story by British mystery writer Agatha Christie.
 Omamori Himari (おまもりひまり Protective Charm Himari) also known as OmaHima (おまひま) for short is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Milan Matra.
 Bazaar of the Bizarre is a collection of fantasy short stories by Fritz Leiber. It was first published in 1978 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1350 copies. The stories feature Leiber's characters Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser and originally appeared in the magazine Fantastic.
 Plan B was a monthly music magazine based in London England. It catered mainly towards independent music but did not discriminate between the relative popularity of the bands it features. Plan B also documented alternative culture such as film comics video games visual art and books. It was founded by editor-in-chief Everett True (a.k.a.
 Pimpa or La Pimpa is an Italian comic strip created by Francesco Tullio Altan. The comic strip was published by the comics magazine Corriere dei Piccoli from 1975 until 1995; from 1987 it also became the leading character of an eponym monthly children magazine. Pimpa was also subject of two animated series directed by Osvaldo Cavandoli and Enzo D'Alò produced and broadcast by Rai TV and later released on DVD.
 Judas (ジューダス Jūdasu) is a manga by Suu Minazuki (水無月すう Minazuki Sū). There are a total of five volumes in this series. The first was published in English by Tokyopop on October 10 2006. The second volume of this series was released by Tokyopop on February 13 2007. Judas is cursed for his sins to kill six hundred and sixty six (666) people to regain his humanity. However he is forbidden human contact and has no corporeal body. In order to kill he uses his slave Eve to kill for him.
 Last Summer at Bluefish Cove is a play by Jane Chambers. It is important in lesbian theater history as the first mainstream quality literary piece of its kind.It is the story of a dissatisfied straight woman who leaves her husband to spend some quiet time by herself and who unwittingly and naively wanders into the midst of a group of seven lesbians at the beginning of their annual beachside vacation. She falls in love with the charming leading character who unknown to her is dying of cancer.
 Alaska is a periodical devoted to news and discussion of issues and features of and from Alaska. Most of its readership consists of persons outside of Alaska who are interested in the Alaskan way of life.Alaska magazine was founded in 1935 in Ketchikan Alaska by Emery Fridolf Tobin (1895-1977) who established himself as an opponent of Alaska statehood. The magazine was originally titled the Alaska Sportsman Magazine a name it retained until 1969.
 Monumenta Nipponica is a biannual academic journal of Japanese studies. It is affiliated with Sophia University (Tokyo).
 Japanese Society (1970) is an analysis of the structure of Japanese society written by Nakane Chie. The main theme of the book is the working of what Nakane calls the vertical principle in Japanese society which is a series of social relations between two individuals one of whom is senior and one of whom is junior.Nakane also formulates the criteria of 'attribute' and 'frame' to illuminate that way that groups are formed in Japan and to compare Japan with other countries.
 Warrior was a British comics anthology that ran for 26 issues between March 1982 and January 1985. It was edited by Dez Skinn and published by his company Quality Communications. It featured early work by comics writer Alan Moore including V for Vendetta and Marvelman.Rivalling 2000 AD Warrior won 17 Eagle Awards during its short run.
 A Terrible Vengeance (Russian: Страшная месть) is a Gothic horror story by Nikolai Gogol.It was published in the second volume of his first short story collection Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka in 1832 and it was probably written in late summer 1831.The short story is written in the ornate and agitated style characteristic to Gogol sometimes skirting purple prose and was a great influence on the rhythmic prose of the modernist novelist Andrei Bely.The appearance of evil spirits and specifically of an Antichrist figure in A Terrible Vengeance was typical of Gogol's belief in the omnipresence of Evil in everyday life an aspect of his religious philosophy that is uniquely direct in this story. 
 Spendere Meglio (English: Spend Better) is a Swiss Italian-language consumer magazine published in Bellinzona Ticino.Founded by the journalist Matteo Cheda in February 1996 the magazine's circulation was 12000 (as of 2008).
 Sola is a Japanese work originally conceived by Naoki Hisaya (main writer of Kanon) with original character design by Naru Nanao (designer of D.C.: Da Capo). Sola is a mixed media project first unveiled through the prologue of the manga featured in the Japanese manga magazine Dengeki Daioh on December 21 2006 published by MediaWorks. The manga which is illustrated by Chako Abeno ended serialization on February 21 2008.
 Philosophy & Rhetoric is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the relationship between philosophy and rhetoric. The journal was established in 1968 by Henry Johnstone Jr. who served as its editor-in-chief until 1998. The editorship then passed to a group of scholars until 2003 when the current editor took over. The journal is published quarterly by the Penn State University Press.
 The Seven Dials Mystery is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by William Collins & Sons on 24 January 1929 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. In it Christie brings back the characters from an earlier novel The Secret of Chimneys: Lady Eileen (Bundle) Brent Lord Caterham Bill Eversleigh George Lomax Tredwell and Superintendent Battle.
 The Mammoth Book of Mindblowing SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Mike Ashley and published in 2009.
 Filastin was a twice-weekly newspaper published from 1911-1948 in Palestine. Published from Jaffa the principal publishers (who edited and owned the paper) were Isa al-Isa and his cousin Yusef al Isa. Both al-Isas were Greek Orthodox opponents of British administration and supporters of pan-Arab unity. The paper supported the Committee of Union and Progress opposed Zionism and promoted Palestinian nationalism.
 History of Religions (HR) is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. It was founded in 1961 by Mircea Eliade. It publishes articles that study religious phenomena from prehistory to modern times both within particular traditions and across cultural boundaries. In addition to major articles the journal also publishes review articles and comprehensive book reviews. The journal also occasionally publishes special or theme issues.
 The National Observer (formerly known as Australia and World Affairs) is a quarterly current-affairs and politics magazine in Australia.
 Virgins is a 1984 fiction novel written by Caryl Rivers.
 Max Brand: The Man and His Work is a bibliography of works by American author Frederick Faust who wrote under the pen name Max Brand. The bibliography was compiled by Darrell C. Richardson. It was published by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in 1952 in an edition of 900 copies. The book is enlarged form Richardson's previous The Fabulous Faust Fanzine.
 The Thirteen Gun Salute is an historical novel by Patrick O'Brian set during the Napoleonic Wars. It was first published by Collins in 1989 and is the thirteenth book in the Aubrey–Maturin series concerning the adventures of naval commander Jack Aubrey and his friend ship's surgeon naturalist and spy Stephen Maturin. This first edition bears this title whereas later issues have used The Thirteen-Gun Salute featuring a hyphenated title.
 bunkered is a Scottish golf magazine published by PSP Publishing. Based in Glasgow Scotland the magazine was launched in 1995 and is published eight times per year. It covers the entire spectrum of golf with a particular emphasis on Scottish golf. It is the most widely-read golf publication in Scotland outselling all other golf publications combined. Recent figures show the magazine's circulation has grown 18% in the past four years (to January 2014).
 The Harvard Asia Pacific Review is a biannual academic journal covering the Asia-Pacific Region and edited by students at Harvard University. The journal solicits contributions from scholars politicians businessmen and cultural figures in and about the Asia-Pacific region. It was established in 1996.
 Published since 1974 The Middle East is well established as the region's bestselling pan-Arab magazine in English. It provides an expert commentary on wide ranging issues in the Arab World. The editorial content profiles political and business leaders that are shaping the future of the Arab region.
 The Art of Cricket is an instructional book on the game of cricket written by Sir Don Bradman in 1958. Despite its age the book is still widely regarded as one of the best coaching manuals available for technique and tactics[citation needed] and is a clear demonstration of Bradman's skill as a student of the game as well as a master of its play.
 The Secret is the ninth book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by Cassie.
 Oedipus (French: Œdipe) is a tragedy by the French dramatist and philosopher Voltaire that was first performed in 1718. It was his first play and the first literary work for which he used the pen-name Voltaire (his real name was François-Marie Arouet). In adapting Sophocles' Athenian tragedy Oedipus the King Voltaire attempted to rationalise the plot and motivation of its characters.
 The Siege of Macindaw is the sixth book in the continuing Ranger's Apprentice series by Australian author John Flanagan. The book was first published on 1 May 2007 in Australia and on 4 August 2009 in the United States.
 The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics is a set of two books combining the lyrics of songs by The Beatles with accompanying illustrations and photographs many by leading artists of the period. Comments from The Beatles on the origins of the songs are also included. The book was edited by Alan Aldridge who also provided many of the illustrations. The books were published in the UK by Macdonald Unit 75 (later Macdonald & Co) in 1969 and 1971 and in the US by Delacorte Press/Seymour Lawrence.
 Napalm and Silly Putty is a 2001 book by comedian George Carlin.
 Jonny Logan is the title character of an humorous comic book series.
 The Sheep-Pig or Babe the Gallant Pig in the U.S. is a children's novel by Dick King-Smith first published by Gollancz in 1983 with illustrations by Mary Rayner. Set in rural England where King-Smith spent twenty years as a farmer it features a lone pig on a sheep farm. It was adapted as the 1995 film Babe which was a great international success.
 Wifey is a 1978 American novel by Judy Blume.
 Move Under Ground is a horror novel mashup by Nick Mamatas which combines the Beat style of Jack Kerouac with the cosmic horror of H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos. It was recently made available as a free download via a Creative Commons license at the book's website.
 John Martin's Book was a children's magazine aimed at five- to eight-year-olds. Martin Gardner has written that it was a pioneering publication and the most entertaining magazine aimed at this age group published in the US. Priced from 10 to 50 cents over its twenty-year run it was primarily purchased by middle and upper income families due to its cost.John Martin was the pseudonym of Morgan van Roorbach Shepard (April 8 1865–May 16 1947).
 Greenmantle is the second of five novels by John Buchan featuring the character of Richard Hannay first published in 1916 by Hodder & Stoughton London. It is one of two Hannay novels set during the First World War the other being Mr Standfast (1919); Hannay's first and best-known adventure The Thirty-Nine Steps (1915) is set in the period immediately preceding the war.
 Africanus is a biannual academic journal published by UNISA Press. The journal focuses on development problems with special reference to the Third World and Southern Africa.
 Finding Violet Park or Me the Missing and the Dead in the U.S. is a young adult novel by Jenny Valentine published by HarperCollins in 2007. It is about a fatherless teenage boy Lucas Swain who finds an urn containing the ashes of the titular Violet Park abandoned in a minicab office and determines to lay her to rest.
 The Natural is a 1952 novel about baseball written by Bernard Malamud. The book follows Roy Hobbs a baseball prodigy whose career is sidetracked when he is shot by a woman whose motivation remains mysterious. Whether she is acting alone or is part of a plot can be debated. Most of the story concerns itself with his attempts to return to baseball later in life when he plays for the fictional New York Knights with his legendary bat Wonderboy.
 Zheleznodorozhnik Belorussii is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 AIDS Research and Human Retroviruses is a peer-review scientific journal focusing on HIV/AIDS research as well as on human retroviruses and their related diseases. The journal was founded in 1983 as AIDS Research and acquired its current name in 1987. It is published by Mary Ann Liebert and edited by Thomas Hope.It is the official journal of the International Retrovirology Association.
 Jesus Was Way Cool is a collection of poems by King Missile frontman John S. Hall. It was released by Soft Skull Press in 1997.
 BH (renamed on July 2 2012; formerly known as Berita Harian) came into being on July 1 1957 as the first mainstream newspaper in Bahasa Malaysia. Ever since then BH has become a true chronicler of history for the country.Its Sunday Edition is called BH Ahad (renamed on July 1 2012; previously known as Berita Minggu) was launched on July 10 1960.
 Kung Kao Po — literally “Catholic newspaper” — is a Chinese language newspaper in Hong Kong. Launched on August 1 1928 it is owned and published by the Catholic Diocese of Hong Kong.The newspaper is published weekly on Fridays in the tabloid format printed in traditional Chinese characters.
 One of Tom Robbins' lesser known novels Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas was published in 1994 by Bantam Books. Like Robbins' other books the plot involves an eclectic mix of characters and complicated scenarios and mixes the mundane with the mysterious in the form of the Sirius mysteries and the mythology surrounding the Dogon Tribe. Unlike his other books Half Asleep is written entirely in the second person present tense.
 Tyumenskaya oblast’ segodnya is a daily Russian socio-political tabloid. The area of distribution covers the territory of Tyumen region Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. The newspaper is an official newspaper of the Government of the Tyumen Region. The newspaper publishes the official decrees statements and documents of regional bodies. This includes the promulgation of newly approved laws.
 Talanta is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in pure and applied analytical chemistry. It was established in 1958 and is published by Elsevier with 15 issues per year. In addition to original research articles Talanta also publishes review articles and short communications.According to the Journal Citation Reports it received a 2012 impact factor of 3.498 ranking it twelfth out of 75 journals in the category Chemistry analytical.
 Redcap is a 2006 novel by the author Brian Callison.
 The King Must Die is a 1958 bildungsroman and historical novel by Mary Renault that traces the early life and adventures of Theseus a hero in Greek mythology. Naturally it is set in Ancient Greece: Troizen Corinth Eleusis Athens Knossos in Crete and Naxos. Rather than retelling the myth Renault constructs an archaeologically and anthropologically plausible story that might have developed into the myth.
 Harambee was a student newspaper published at Edith Cowan University in Western Australia until 2005. The last volume of Harambee as a magazine was published in 2005. The editor was Tessa Drysdale.In 2006 the Harambee brand was incorporated into a university publication called Campus Buzz edited by Leanne Pitcher and Shane Newton.
 Critic is the official magazine of the Otago University Students' Association (OUSA) of the University of Otago. It is freely available around both the university's campus and selected sites in Dunedin city weekly during term time. Critic is New Zealand's longest-running student newspaper having been published since 1925. Weekly circulation is 5000 copies with an estimated readership of 21000.
 The Color Purple is a 1982 epistolary novel by American author Alice Walker which won the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Award for Fiction.It was later adapted into a film and musical of the same name.Taking place mostly in rural Georgia the story focuses on the life of women of color in the southern United States in the 1930s addressing numerous issues including their exceedingly low position in American social culture.
 The Rising: Antichrist is Born/Before They Were Left Behind is the thirteenth novel in the Left Behind series and the first prequel. It was written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins and published on Thursday March 31 2005. The hardback edition has the title and subtitle as The Rising: Before They Were Left Behind. It takes place 32–9 years before the Rapture.
 Atlantis Found is a 1999 novel by Clive Cussler the fifteenth book in the Dirk Pitt series.
 The Three Strangers is a short story by Thomas Hardy from 1883.
 Monitor is a weekly newsmagazine published in Podgorica Montenegro.Started on October 19 1990 by university professor Miodrag Perović and businessman Stanislav Ćano Koprivica the magazine appeared at a time when the single-party political system in SFR Yugoslavia had been abolished and its constituent republics were preparing for parliamentary elections with multiple parties.
 Business Mir is a bilingual (English/Russian) magazine based in Switzerland. It focuses on topics covering the political economic and social links between Russia Switzerland and Europe.
 Ace Comics was a comic book series published by David McKay Publications between 1937 and 1949 — starting just before the Golden Age of Comic Books. The title reprinted syndicated newspaper strips owned by King Features Syndicate following the successful formula of a mix of adventure and humor strips introduced by McKay in their King Comics title in April 1936; some of the strips transferred from King Comics from issue #1.
 A Vision of Doom: Poems by Ambrose Bierce is a collection of poems by Ambrose Bierce and edited by Donald Sidney-Fryer. It was published in 1980 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 900 copies.
 The Seven Deadly Sins (七つの大罪 Nanatsu no Taizai) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nakaba Suzuki. It has been serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine since October 2012 with the chapters collected into seven tankōbon volumes as of February 17 2013.
 Gossip Girl is an American young adult novel series written by Cecily von Ziegesar and published by Little Brown and Company a subsidiary of the Hachette Group. The series revolves around the lives and romances of the privileged teenagers at the Constance Billard School for Girls an elite private school in New York City's Upper East Side.
 Evolution Me & Other Freaks of Nature (2007) is a young adult novel by Robin Brande.
 The Science of Success: How Market-Based Management Built the World's Largest Private Company is a book written by Charles Koch in which he delineates his philosophy of Market Based Management (MBM). Koch the CEO of Koch Industries Inc. wrote it in 2007 While many similarly-titled books by other authors exist T. Boone Pickens argues that Koch's immense personal business success lends credibility to the book's concept.
 Suttree is a semi-autobiographical novel by Cormac McCarthy published in 1979. Set in 1951 in Knoxville Tennessee the novel follows Cornelius Suttree who has repudiated his former life of privilege to become a fisherman on the Tennessee River. The novel has a fragmented structure with many flashbacks and shifts in grammatical person.
 Make Room! Make Room! is a 1966 science fiction novel written by Harry Harrison exploring the consequences of unchecked population growth on society.
 The Fire Chronicle is an adventure and fantasy novel written by John Stephens. The book was released on October 9 2012. It is the second book of the trilogy and the sequel of The Emerald Atlas.
 Blockade Billy is a 2010 novella by Stephen King. It tells the story of William Blockade Billy Blakely a fictional catcher who briefly played for the New Jersey Titans during the 1957 season. It took King two weeks to write it. Stephen King had the following to say about the novella:I love old-school baseball and I also love the way people who've spent a lifetime in the game talk about the game. I tried to combine those things in a story of suspense.
 Toji (literally The Land) is a Korean saga novel written by Park Kyung-ni from June 1968 to 1994 consisting of five volumes. The process of a yangban (noble class)'s collapse and revival is set in the village of Pyeongsa-ri Hadong county South Gyeongsang province Longing in Jiandao Jinju and Seoul.Korea Literature Translation Institute (LTI Korea) supported an English translation by Agnita Tennant published by Kegan Paul International in 1996.
 Spirit Warrior (孔雀王 Kujaku Ō lit. Peacock King) is a manga by Makoto Ogino. It began serialization in 1985 total 17 volumes and has been spun off into anime two live action movies Peacock King and Saga of the Phoenix and video games.
 Darkwing (known as Dusk in the United Kingdom) is a novel by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel. It is the prequel and fourth addition to the Silverwing series and takes place 65 million years before the events of the first book Silverwing. It describes the origins of the war between the birds and the beasts.
 One Hour to Madness and Joy is a poem by Walt Whitman.
 Swan Song is a 1987 horror novel by American novelist Robert R. McCammon. It is a work of post-apocalyptic fiction describing the aftermath of a nuclear war that provokes an evolution in humankind.
 The Fringe is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection The Folk of the Fringe and in Future on Ice a short story collection edited by Card. Card originally published this story in the October 1985 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction.
 Ma'asir al-Umara written by Nawab Shams ud Daula Shah Nawaz Khan and his son Abdul Hai Khan at Aurangabad is a Persian biography of notables in the Mughal Empire during the time period approximately 1556-1780. Variants of the title include Ma'athir al-Umara Maasir al-Umara and Maathir ul-Umara. Shah Nawaz Khan relies upon a variety of Persian histories for his information which he lists in his introduction.An English translation by Beni Prasad and H. Beveridge is available.
 The Invention of Everything Else is a novel written by American author Samantha Hunt published in 2008. The novel presents a fictionalized account of the last days in the life of Nikola Tesla the Serbian-American electrical engineer. Other fictionalized versions of historical characters include Thomas Edison (a rival) George Westinghouse and Mark Twain.
 This article is about the novel. For the song see Forbidden Colours. For the concept in color theory see Impossible colors.Forbidden Colors (禁色 Kinjiki) is a 1951 novel (禁色 Part 2 秘楽 (Higyō) Secret Pleasure was published in 1953) by the Japanese writer Yukio Mishima translated into English in 1968. The name kinjiki is a euphemism for homosexuality. The kanji 禁 means forbidden and 色 in this case means erotic love although it can also mean color.
 Aunt Jane's Nieces in Society is a young-adult novel written by L. Frank Baum famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. First published in 1910 the book is the fifth volume in the Aunt Jane's Nieces series which was the second-greatest success of Baum's literary career after the Oz books themselves. The novel carries forward the continuing story of the three cousins Louise Merrick Beth De Graf and Patsy Doyle and their relatives and friends.
 No One Would Listen: A True Financial Thriller is a book by whistleblower Harry Markopolos about his investigation into the Madoff investment scandal and how the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission failed to react to his warnings. The book was released on March 2 2010 by John Wiley & Sons.Markopolos was a guest on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart on March 8 2010.
 Spider Kiss (originally titled Rockabilly) is a 1961 novel by author Harlan Ellison.
 L'Équipe (pronounced: [leˈkip] French for the team) is a French nationwide daily newspaper devoted to sports owned by Éditions Philippe Amaury. The paper is noted for coverage of football (soccer) rugby motorsports and cycling. Its ancestor was L'Auto a general sports paper whose name reflected not any narrow interest but the excitement of the time in car racing.L'Auto originated the Tour de France cycling stage race in 1903 as a circulation booster.
 El Mundo (Spanish for The World full name El Mundo del Siglo Veintiuno The World of the 21st Century) is the second largest printed daily newspaper in Spain. with a daily circulation topping 200000 readers for the printed edition in 2009.
 Bad Subjects (more formally Bad Subjects: Political Education For Everyday Life and sometimes The Bad Subjects Collective) is a research collaborative that operates generally out of California as part of the open access electronic publishing cooperative EServer.org.
 Saturday Night Magazine is a lifestyle and entertainment magazine created in 2004 at the University of Southern California by publisher and founder Michael Ritter. Saturday Night Magazine targets a readership of 18- to 29-year-olds through editorial coverage that includes: celebrities fashion sports politics music technology travel careers movies video games and comedy. The median age of its readers is 23.
 Billy is a 1990 novel by Whitley Strieber. The novel tells the story of the abduction of a child and the terror of his experience.
 The Indian Journal of Psychological Medicine is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Psychiatric Society South Zone. It covers all aspects of psychological medicine and was established in 1979.
 The Spanish Viceroy is a problem play of English Renaissance drama. Originally a work by Philip Massinger dating from 1624 it was controversial in its own era and may or may not exist today in altered form.
 The Plague Lords of Ruel is the thirteenth book in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever. This is the first book in the Grand Master series in which Lone Wolf founds a new order of the Kai. Starting from this book the remaining books which were published in the US were abridged versions with a reduced number of sections.
 Foxy Grandpa was a newspaper comic strip featuring an eponymous character created by cartoonist Carl E. Schultze drawing under the name of “Bunny.”Foxy Grandpa made its first appearance on January 7 1900.</small> The strip initially ran in the New York Herald but it moved to the New York American on February 16 1902.Selchow and Righter licensed Foxy Grandpa for the Foxy Grandpa Hat Party Game (similar to Pin the Tail on the Donkey) after 1900.
 Dark Fire is the fifth book in The Last Dragon Chronicles by Chris d'Lacey. It was released on 2 July 2009 in the UK and was published on May 1 2010 for the US.
 Saga of Old City is a fantasy novel by Gary Gygax set in the world of Greyhawk which is based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Halo: Primordium is a science fiction novel by Greg Bear set in the universe of the Halo video game series. Primordium is the middle book in the Forerunner trilogy. The book was released on January 3 2012 along with the audiobook version and is the tenth Halo novel following 2011's Halo: Glasslands. The book reached number seventeen on the New York Times Bestseller List in Hardcover Fiction.
 The Tribune is an Indian English-language daily newspaper published from Chandigarh New Delhi Jalandhar Dehradun and Bathinda. It was founded on 2 February 1881 in Lahore (now in Pakistan) by Sardar Dyal Singh Majithia a philanthropist and is run by a trust comprising five persons as trustees. It is a major Indian newspaper with a worldwide circulation.
 The Toronto Star is a Canadian broadsheet daily newspaper. In 2011 it was Canada's highest-circulation newspaper although also the one with the second-largest decline in readership between 2007 and 2011 among Canada's top 25 newspapers. It is owned by Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. a division of Star Media Group a subsidiary of Torstar Corporation.
 The Red Wall: A Woman in the RCMP is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Jane Hall first published in July 2007 by General Store Publishing. In the book the author chronicles her personal experiences as the first woman accepted in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP).
 A Sleep and a Forgetting is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It only appears in his short story collection Capitol.
 Transformers: Armada spawned at least three different comic book titles the first being a mini-comic supplied with the toys coming in various languages that told small side stories relating to the premise and eventually began leading into the Unicron Battles.
 The Journal of Natural Products is a peer-reviewed scientific journal co-published by the American Society of Pharmacognosy and the American Chemical Society. The editor-in-chief is A. Douglas Kinghorn (Ohio State University).
 The Heaven Makers (1968) is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert. It was originally serialized in Amazing Stories magazine in 1967.
 From the Files of the Time Rangers is a fix-up novel by Richard Bowes dealing with time travel and alternative history. Its foreword Rick Bowes: An Appreciation is by Kage Baker author of The Company novels. The novel was edited by Marty Halpern for Golden Gryphon Press. Several of the individual sections had previously published in shorter albeit different form.
 The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined is a 2011 book by Steven Pinker arguing that violence in the world has declined both in the long run and in the short and suggests explanations to why this has occurred.The phrase the better angels of our nature stems from the last words of US president Lincoln's first inaugural address.
 The Bulletin of the National Museum of Japanese History (国立歴史民俗博物館研究報告 Kokuritsu Rekishi Minzoku Hakubutsukan kenkyū hōkoku) is an academic journal of Japanese history. Several issues are published each year in Japanese with summaries in English by the National Museum of Japanese History.
 The Khaleej Times is a daily English language newspaper published in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It is the second most popular English language newspapers published in the UAE.
 The Legacy of Vashna was the sixteenth book of the Lone Wolf book series written by Joe Dever and now illustrated by Brian Williams.
 The Traveller's Baggage is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning author José Saramago. It was first published in 1973.
 A Fix Like This is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1970s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Mario Balzic is the protagonist an atypical detective for the genre a Serbo-Italian American cop middle-aged unpretentious a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force.
 The Rosy Crucifixion a trilogy consisting of Sexus Plexus and Nexus is a fictionalized account documenting the six-year period of Henry Miller’s life in Brooklyn as he falls for his second wife June and struggles to become a writer leading up to his initial departure for Paris in 1928.
 The Gospel According to Larry is a coming of age political romantic teen novel by Janet Tashjian that explores anti-consumerism. The introduction of the book is written from a point of view that makes it seem as though Josh Swensen is real and Janet Tashjian is simply the one who edited and published it. This quality gives the book a non-fiction feel.
 This article is about Kate Atkinson's book of short stories. For Geraldine McCaughrean's young adult novel see Not the End of the World (young adult novel); for Christopher Brookmyre's crime novel see Not the End of the World (crime novel)Not the End of the World is a short story collection by British writer Kate Atkinson. It is mostly set in Scotland and an experiment in magic realism.
 The Eagle Has Landed is a book by Jack Higgins set during World War II. It first published in 1975. It was made into a film of the same name in 1976 starring Michael Caine Donald Sutherland Jenny Agutter and Robert Duvall. The plot has similarities with that of Went the Day Well? a film made during World War II.
 This article is about the 1986 John Byrne mini-series. For the ongoing series that ran from 1991-2003 see Superman: The Man of Steel.The Man of Steel is a 1986 comic book limited series featuring the DC Comics character Superman. Written and drawn by John Byrne the series was presented in six issues which were inked by Dick Giordano.
 An Old Captivity is a novel by British author Nevil Shute. It was first published in the UK in 1940 by William Heinemann.
 Details of a Sunset and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Vladimir Nabokov. All were written in Russian by Nabokov between 1924 and 1935 as an expatriate in Berlin Paris and Riga and published individually in the emigre press at that time later to be translated into English by him and his son Dmitri Nabokov. The collection was published with a foreword by the author in 1976.
 Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal is a collection of essays mostly by Ayn Rand with additional essays by her associates Nathaniel Branden Alan Greenspan and Robert Hessen. The book focuses on the moral nature of laissez-faire capitalism and private property. The book has a very specific definition of capitalism a system it regards as broader than simply property rights or free enterprise. It was originally published in 1966.
 The Journal of Studies on Alcohol and Drugs is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original research articles on various aspects of the use and misuse of alcohol and other drugs. Topics covered include the biological medical epidemiological social psychological and legal aspects of alcohol and other drug use abuse and dependence.
 Adam and Eve and Pinch Me (2001) is a psychological thriller novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell.
 New Writings in SF 4 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the fourth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1965 followed by a paperback edition by Corgi the same year and an American paperback edition by Bantam Books in March 1968.
 The Oxford Book of Twentieth Century English Verse is a poetry anthology edited by Philip Larkin. It was published in 1973 by Oxford University Press with ISBN 0-19-812137-7. Larkin writes in the short preface that the selection is wide rather than deep; and also notes that for the post-1914 period it is more a collection of poems than of poets. The remit was limited by him to poets with a period of residence in the British Isles. The volume contains works by 207 poets.
 Logan's World (1977) is a science fiction novel by William F. Nolan. It is a sequel to Logan's Run (1967) written by Nolan and George Clayton Johnson.
 Aqua Planta is a German magazine covering aquatic plants and plants cultivated in aquariums. It is the official magazine of the Arbeitskreis Wasserpflanzen (Workgroup Waterplants) of the Verband Deutscher Vereine für Aquarien- und Terrarienkunde. Although it is written mostly for and by aquarium plant enthusiasts professional botanists have occasionally used it to publish their results including occasional descriptions of newly discovered species (for example Lagenandra dewitii).
 Los Hombres De Negro y los OVNIs (The Men In Black And The UFOs) is a book written by the Uruguayan ufologist Fabio Zerpa and published in Spain (1978) and in Argentina (1989).The book tells of cases of UFO sightings (such as the case of the Brazilian Antonio Villas Boas who was claimed to have been abducted by extraterrestrials in 1957) and the Men in Black.
 The Rithian Terror (original title: Double Meaning) is a science fiction novel by Damon Knight. The story is a psychological thriller that follows an Earth security officer in the future who is racing against time to locate an alien spy.
 Out (アウト) is a 1997 Japanese crime novel written by Japanese author Natsuo Kirino and published in English in 2004. The novel won the 51st Mystery Writers of Japan Award for Best Novel. It is her first novel to be published in the English language. The book is currently published by Vintage part of Random House in Britain and has been translated into English by Stephen Snyder. The English translation was nominated for the 2004 Edgar Award for Best Novel.
 Tangled up in Blue is a 2011 politics book by the journalist and Labour councillor Rowenna Davis. The work tracks the emergence of Blue Labour a movement within the UK Labour party which seeks to promote active citizenship and to champion traditional community values. While Davis does describe Blue Labour's ideas and policy recommendations the book focuses on political relationships and the roles these played in Blue Labour's development.
 Fiend Folio is any of three products published for successive editions of the fantasy role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons (D&D). All three are collections of monsters making each Fiend Folio a sequel to that edition's version of the Monster Manual.The bulk of the material in the first edition came from the British gaming magazine White Dwarf rather than being authored by Gary Gygax the game's creator.
 The Slovak Spectator (or in abbreviated form Slovak Spectator) is Slovakia's English-language newspaper.It is published weekly by The Rock s.r.o. publishing house and covers local news culture and business.
 Waiting for the Galactic Bus is a 1988 science fiction novel by Parke Godwin and published by Doubleday Books. It is followed by The Snake Oil Wars and The Snake Oil Variations in 1989.
 The Rjurik Highlands is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Mr. Keegan's Elopement is a short story published by American writer Winston Churchill in June 1896 in The Century Magazine. His first published story it was republished in book format by Churchill's publisher Macmillan in June 1903 following the success of his first three novels especially 1899's Richard Carvel.
 Fool Moon is a 2001 contemporary fantasy novel by author Jim Butcher. It is the second novel in The Dresden Files which follows the character of Harry Dresden present-day Chicago's only professional wizard.
 The Crystal Spheres is a science fiction short story by David Brin originally published in the January 1984 issue of Analog and collected in The River of Time. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story 1985. In it Brin presents an explanation for the Fermi Paradox.
 The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World is a book by Jim Clements which presents a list of the bird species of the world.It is currently in its sixth edition (2007) and is being published by Cornell University Press. Previous editions were published by the author's own imprint Ibis Publishing. A complete on-line update was issued by Cornell in November 2008. Since then updates are posted on the website.
 Autobiografía del general Franco (1992) (English Autobiography of general Franco) is a novel by Manuel Vázquez Montalbán. In 1994 it was awarded the international prize Premio Internacional de Literatura Ennio Flaiano.
 The Popular Magazine was an early American literary magazine that ran for 612 issues from November 1903 to October 1931. It featured short fiction novellas serialized larger works and even entire short novels. The magazine's subject matter ranged over a number of genres although it tended somewhat towards men's adventure stories particularly in the waning years of the publication when the vogue for hardboiled fiction was strong.
 The Secret Texts is a fantasy book series by Holly Lisle. Books in this series are Diplomacy of Wolves (1998) Vengeance of Dragons (1999) and Courage of Falcons (2000). Vincalis the Agitator (2002) is a prequel to this series.
 The Journal of Biophotonics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the interactions between light and biological material. The journal was established in 2008 by Jürgen Popp (Jena Germany) Gert von Bally (Muenster Germany) and Andreas Thoss (Berlin Germany). and is published by Wiley–VCH. The editor-in-chief is Jürgen Popp.In addition to regular submissions the Journal of Biophotonics publishes topical issues on selected research areas e.g.
 In Arabia We'd All Be Kings is a dramatic play set in New York City written by Stephen Adly Guirgis. It chronicles the demise of a group of individuals living in New York's Hell's Kitchen around the time of before Rudy Giuliani's efforts to clean up the city. Out of work and strapped for money the lives of these individuals revolve around a local bar and their misguided hopes and dreams. The play deals primarily with issues of commercialism hope and friendship.
 Prikrita harmonija is a novel by Slovenian author Katarina Marinčič. It was first published in 2001.
 St. Mary's Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: St. Mary's L.J.) is a law review published by an independent student group at St. Mary's University School of Law.
 Outreach Magazine is an Evangelical Christian periodical based in Vista California. It focuses on activities of growing churches and is non-denominational. It is a periodical from the organization Outreach Inc. founded in 1996 by Scott Evans and provides community outreach products. Each October Outreach Magazine lists the 100 largest and the 100 fastest growing churches in America.
 7 Billion Needles (Japanese: 70億の針 Hepburn: 70 Oku no Hari) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nobuaki Tadano and is licensed in North America by Vertical. Inspired by the 1950 science fiction novel Needle by Hal Clement.The story revolves around Hikaru Takabe a reclusive teenage girl who is secretly host to a being known as Horizon in search of an intergalactic murderer intent on killing humanity.
 The Cornell Law Review is the flagship legal journal of Cornell Law School. Originally published in 1915 as the Cornell Law Quarterly the journal features scholarship in all fields of law. Notably past issues of the Cornell Law Review have included articles by Supreme Court justices Robert H. Jackson John Marshall Harlan II William O. Douglas Felix Frankfurter and Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
 The End of Poverty: Economic Possibilities for Our Time (ISBN 1-59420-045-9) is a 2005 book by American economist Jeffrey Sachs. It was a New York Times bestseller.In the book Sachs argues that extreme poverty—defined by the World Bank as incomes of less than one dollar per day—can be eliminated globally by the year 2025 through carefully planned development aid.
 Deadly Medicine is a 1988 non-fiction true crime book by Kelly Moore and Dan Reed that was adapted for television in 1991 as an NBC Movie-of-the-Week by the same name. The book was first published in November 1988 and focused on the murder case of convicted serial killer Genene Jones.
 New Writings in SF 21 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the last volume he oversaw in the New Writings in SF prior to his decease; later volumes in the series were issued under the editorship of Kenneth Bulmer. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in 1972 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi in 1973.
 The Making of the Representative for Planet 8 is a 1982 science fiction novel by Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Doris Lessing. It is the fourth book in her five-book Canopus in Argos series and relates the fate of a planet under the care of the benevolent galactic empire Canopus that is plunged into an ice age. It was first published in the United States in January 1982 by Alfred A.
 Four Freedoms is a 2009 historical novel by John Crowley. It follows the adventures of several characters centring around a fictional aircraft manufacturing plant near Ponca City Oklahoma during World War II specifically from 1942 to 1945. The plant chiefly produces the fictional B-30 Pax bomber.
 Snake in the Grass is a 2002 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about two middle-aged women who return to the house of their late father who abused them in different ways. It was written as a female companion piece to the 1994 ghost play Haunting Julia and in 2008 these two plays together with new play Life and Beth were folded into a trilogy named Things That Go Bump.
 A Spirit of Tolerance: The Inspiring Life of Tierno Bokar is the only English translation of Amadou Hampate Ba’s book Vie en enseignement de Tierno Bokar le sage de Bandiagara (The Life and Education of Tierno Bokar the Sage of Bandiagara) originally written in French. This book describes the life of Tierno Bokar a Malian Sufi who preached a message of religious tolerance. It was adapted into a play directed by Peter Brook titled Tierno Bokar.
 Cases Journal was an open access peer-reviewed medical journal publishing any case reports from any area of healthcare that were understandable ethical authentic and included all information essential to its interpretation. The journal had no publication criteria based on the interest level of the case. The editor in chief of Cases Journal was Richard Smith. Articles that were published in Cases Journal are indexed in PubMed and archived in PubMed Central.
 Theory Culture & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1982 and covers sociology cultural and social theory. It is published by SAGE Publications. The editor-in-chief is Mike Featherstone (Goldsmiths University of London). The journal is also linked to the journal Body & Society and has its own book series featuring the work of theorists.
 The Trigger is a 1999 science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke and Michael P. Kube-McDowell. It is an attempt to explore the social impact of technological change.
 Odd John: A Story Between Jest and Earnest is a 1935 science fiction novel by the British author Olaf Stapledon. The novel explores the theme of the Übermensch (superman) in the character of John Wainwright whose supernormal human mentality inevitably leads to conflict with normal human society and to the destruction of the utopian colony founded by John and other superhumans.The novel resonates with the ideas of Friedrich Nietzsche and the work of English writer J. D.
 Beau Geste is a 1924 adventure novel by P. C. Wren. It has been adapted for the screen several times.
 The Cambridge Student commonly known as TCS is one of Cambridge University's student newspapers (The Tab and Varsity are the others). The newspaper is owned and published by the Cambridge University Students' Union (CUSU) but is editorially independent.The paper was founded in October 1999 and has since continued to produce a weekly print run of 10000 copies during university term time.[citation needed] TCS is also downloaded around 10000 times per issue.
 Moeyo Pen (燃えよペン Moeyo Pen) is a 1991 shōnen manga by Kazuhiko Shimamoto. Only lasting a volume it introduced characters whose stories would later continue in the 13-volume Hoero Pen and the 11-volume Shin Hoero Pen. This story introduces a hot-blooded manga artist who strives to be the best comic artist in Japan. A lighthearted but passionate manga it features over-the-top action and humor.
 En Patufet was an illustrated children's magazine written in Catalan published in Barcelona (Catalonia) between 1904 and 1938. Later between 1968 and 1973 was resumed under the name Patufet. It had a great popularity to the point that the word patufet was used generically to refer to the illustrated magazines for children now called comics.
 Seraphina is a 2012 fantasy novel by Rachel Hartman and is her debut novel. The book was published on July 10 2012 by Random House Publishing and was ranked at number 8 The New York Times Best Seller list in its first week of publication. Seraphina was awarded the 2013 William C. Morris Award for the best young adult work by a debut author.
 The Mahatma and the Hare: A Dream Story is a novel by H. Rider Haggard.
 The City of Greyhawk is a boxed set accessory for the World of Greyhawk campaign setting part of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. It was designed by Doug Niles Carl Sargent and Rik Rose and published by TSR in 1989. It describes the Free City of Greyhawk (the major city of the campaign setting) in detail and was highly praised by Dragon magazine.
 Zodiac is a non-fiction book written by Robert Graysmith about the unsolved serial murders committed by the Zodiac Killer in San Francisco in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Since its initial release in 1986 Zodiac has sold 4 million copies worldwide. Graysmith was a cartoonist for the San Francisco Chronicle and later also wrote Zodiac Unmasked.
 Jerusalem's Lot is a short story by Stephen King first published in King's 1978 collection Night Shift. The story was also printed in the Illustrated Edition of Salem's Lot.
 Compendium Maleficarum is a witch-hunter's manual written in Latin by Francesco Maria Guazzo and published in Milan Italy in 1608.It was widely regarded among contemporaries as the authoritative manuscript on Witchcraft and discusses witches’ pacts with the devil and detailed descriptions of witches’ powers and poisons. It also contains Guazzo's classification of demons based on a previous work by Michael Psellus.
 The Darlington & Stockton Times also known as the D&S Times is a regional weekly newspaper in North East England. The paper is based in Darlington County Durham. The paper covers the market towns of Darlington and Stockton as well as surrounding areas.
 Child of All Nations is the second book in Pramoedya Ananta Toer's epic quartet called Buru Quartet first published by Hasta Mitra in 1980. Child of All Nations continues the story of the lives of the main character Minke and his mother in law Nyai Ontosoroh. By describing the lives of these two people who live in the Dutch controlled islands of Java Pramoedya is able to discuss many aspects of life in a colonized nation.
 Macromolecular Materials and Engineering is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science. It publishes Reviews Feature Articles Communications and Full Papers on design modification characterization and processing of advanced polymeric materials. Published topics include materials research on engineering polymers tailor-made functional polymer systems and new polymer additives.
 Daily Bir Chattagram Mancha (Bengali: দৈনিক বীর চট্টগ্রাম মঞ্চ) is the third top-selling newspaper in Chittagong Bangladesh. The newspaper was first published as a weekly in 1997 and since 2000 has operated as a daily newspaper.
 Mossflower is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1988. It is the second book published in the Redwall series.
 The Dogs Bark: Public People and Private Places is an anthology of works by American author Truman Capote. It was published on September 12 1973 and includes essays from Local Color and Observations as well as the The Muses Are Heard.
 A Perfect Peace (Hebrew: מנוחה נכונה) is a 1982 novel by Israeli author Amos Oz that was originally published in Hebrew by Am Oved. It was translated by Hillel Halkin and published in the United States by Harcourt Brace Jovanovich in 1985.
 Claudine at School (French: Claudine à l'école) is a 1900 novel by the French writer Colette. The narrative recounts the final year of secondary school of 15-year-old Claudine her brazen confrontations with her headmistress Mlle Sergent and her fellow students. It was Colette's first published novel originally attributed to her first husband the writer Willy.
 Irish Ghost English Accent is a 2010 eNovel by Irish filmmaker Graham Jones. It's the story of a mother who has a diagnosis of severe paranoid schizophrenia the daughter she is denied custody of and their mutual decision to go on the run together. Its publication was announced following the success of Jones' earlier novel Traveller Wedding the previous year.
 The Davao Catholic Herald is published every Sunday by the Archbishop Mabutas Media Center Foundation Inc. (formerly Bishop Thibault Media Center) with editorial and business office at the San Pablo Church Compound Juna Subdivision Matina Davao City.It is circulated throughout the DADITAMA (Davao Digos Tagum and Mati) areas.
 Tabula is a monthly magazine published in Tbilisi Georgia.
 The Daily Courant first published on 11 March 1702 was the first British daily newspaper. It was produced by Elizabeth Mallet at her premises next to the Kings Arms tavern at Fleet Bridge in London. The paper consisted of a single page with advertisements on the reverse side.
 The Manxman is an 1894 novel by the Manx writer Hall Caine. A highly popular novel of its period it was set in the Isle of Man and concerned a romantic triangle. The novel has as its central themes the mounting consequences of sin and the saving grace of simple human goodness.
 Casanegra: A Tennyson Hardwick Story is a 2007 mystery novel by actor Blair Underwood and writers Tananarive Due and Steven Barnes. The book was released on June 19 2007 through Atria Books and is the first book in the Tennyson Hardwick series. Casanegra follows the adventures of Tennyson Hardwick an actor and former gigolo.
 The Postman Always Rings Twice is a 1934 crime novel by James M. Cain.The novel was quite successful and notorious upon publication and is regarded as one of the more important crime novels of the 20th century.
 Let My Babies Go! A Passover Story is a picture book and children's literature novelization of the Rugrats episode A Rugrats Passover. The novel was written by Sarah Wilson and featured illustrations by Barry Goldberg. It was published by Simon Spotlight in 1998. The book follows the Rugrats—Tommy Chuckie Phil his twin sister Lil and Angelica—as they learn of the origin of Passover and imagine that they are characters featured in it.
 Suffragette Sally is a suffrage novel by Gertrude Colmore (1855 – 1926) published in 1911. It is part of a string of novels written to further the cause of the women’s movement by gaining empathy from its readers. Following its three female protagonists through the militant campaign of the Women’s Social and Political Union the novel examines both gender and class. The novel references many historic events and people both by their known aliases and their real names.
 Heroes of Battle is a hardcover supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game.
 The Promise: President Obama Year One is a book by Jonathan Alter describing President Obama's first year in office. In The Promise Alter describes the many challenges President Obama's administration faced in its first year: a troubled economy passing Healthcare Reform and the War in Afghanistan.
 Divergent is the debut novel of American novelist Veronica Roth published by HarperCollins Children's Books in 2011. It is a young-adult dystopian novel set in the so-called Divergent Universe that features a post-apocalyptic version of Chicago. The novel follows Beatrice 'Tris' Prior as she explores her identity within a society that defines its citizens by their social and personality-related affiliation with five different factions.
 The Journal of Comparative Neurology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that focuses on neuroscience and related fields but specifically does not deal with clinical aspects of them. It was established in 1891. The journal is published by Wiley-Liss and edited by Patrick R. Hof.
 The Annual Bulletin of the Comparative Law Bureau of the American Bar Association (ABA) was a U.S. specialty law journal (1908–1914 1933). The first comparative law journal in the United States it surveyed foreign legislation and legal literature. Circulated to all ABA members it was absorbed in 1915 by the newly formed American Bar Association Journal.
 Weird Shadows Over Innsmouth is an anthology of Cthulhu Mythos stories edited by Stephen Jones. It was published by Fedogan & Bremer in 2005 in an edition of 2100 copies of which 100 were signed. The anthology contains a discarded draft of the H. P. Lovecraft novella The Shadow Over Innsmouth and several stories by other authors written as sequels to the Lovecraft story. Eight of the stories are original to this collection.
 The Penguin Atlas of World History is a two-volume paperback-sized historical atlas first published by Penguin Books in 1974 with the latest edition published in 2004.
 The Bells of Nagasaki (長崎の鐘 Nagasaki no Kane) is a 1949 book by Takashi Nagai. It vividly describes his experiences as a survivor of the Atomic bombing of Nagasaki. It was translated into English by William Johnston. The title refers to the bells of Urakami Cathedral of which Nagai writes:These are the bells that did not ring for weeks or months after the disaster.
 S.S. Astro (教艦ASTRO Kyōkan ASTRO lit. Teach-Warship Astro) is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga by Negi Banno about the lives of female teachers within a school at which they teach. The Astro in the title is actually an acronym abbreviating Asahio Sogo Teacher's ROom alluding to the school's name Asahio Sogo.
 Oxford Literary Review is an academic journal of literary theory. The journal was founded in the 1970s by Ian McLeod Ann Wordsworth and Robert J.C. Young and publishes articles on the history and development of deconstructive thinking in intellectual cultural and political life.
 The Sun is a daily newspaper based in Lowell Massachusetts United States serving towns in Massachusetts and New Hampshire in the Greater Lowell area and beyond. As of 2011 its average daily circulation was about 42900 copies. The paper often called The Lowell Sun to distinguish it from other famous newspapers has been owned since 1997 by MediaNews Group of Colorado.
 Pelléas and Mélisande (French: Pelléas et Mélisande) is a Symbolist play by Maurice Maeterlinck about the forbidden doomed love of the title characters. It was first performed in 1893.The work was very popular. It was adapted as an opera by the composer Claude Debussy and it inspired other contemporary composers for instance Gabriel Fauré Arnold Schoenberg and Jean Sibelius.
 Arafat: A Monthly Critique of Muslim Thought was a monthly periodical founded by Muhammad Asad in Kashmir in 1946.It was named after the plain of Arafat the level area before the gates of Mecca where pilgrims spend the ninth day of Dhu al-Hijjah in huge camps as part of Hajj. Asad was the editor publisher and the sole contributor of the periodical.
 Narrative Magazine was founded in 2003 by former Esquire editor Tom Jenks and author Carol Edgarian. Narrative is a nonprofit dedicated to advancing the literary arts in the digital age. Its online library of writing by established writers such as T. C.
 Mori Ogai's classical novel The Wild Geese or The Wild Goose (1911–13 雁 Gan) was first published in serial form in Japan and tells the story of unfulfilled love set against a background of social change. The story is set in 1880 Tokyo. The novel contains commentary on the changing situation between the Edo and Meiji periods.
 The Skeptical Environmentalist: Measuring the Real State of the World (Danish: Verdens sande tilstand literal translation: The True State of the World) is a book by Danish environmentalist author Bjørn Lomborg controversial for its claims that overpopulation declining energy resources deforestation species loss water shortages certain aspects of global warming and an assortment of other global environmental issues are unsupported by analysis of the relevant data.
 Proti tis Aigialeias (or -Egialias) (Greek: Πρώτη της Αιγιαλείας meaning the First in Aigaleia) is the most famous weekly newspaper that is based in Aigio in the Achaea prefecture in Greece and it serves the Aigaleia area. It was founded in 1994 as a weekly paper and it became daily in 1999. In the Saturday edition it has a passo section with local stuff with several characteristics.
 Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving is the third book of nonfiction by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula) published in 1906. It is a biography about the English actor Henry Irving.
 Caverns of the Snow Witch single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Gary Ward and Edward Crosby and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2003. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 9th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031830-5) and 10th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-432-1).
 Environmental Law is a law review focused on environmental and natural resources law published by students at Lewis & Clark Law School in Portland Oregon. Founded in 1969 it is the nation's oldest law review covering natural resources and environmental law. The journal is recognized as a national leader in its field and has featured articles by practitioners academics legislators and justices of the United States Supreme Court.
 To Reign In Hell: The Exile of Khan Noonien Singh is the final book in a trilogy of novels written by Greg Cox chronicling the life of the fictional Star Trek character Khan Noonien Singh. This final book deals with the life of Khan after he was marooned on Ceti Alpha V by Captain James T. Kirk.
 Laboratory News is a monthly science magazine aimed at scientists and science professionals at all levels and from all fields. Founded in 1971 the magazine covers all aspects of scientific discovery and advances in the laboratory sector.
 Uncaged: Faces of Sigil is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Nanotechnology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by IOP Publishing. It covers research in all areas of nanotechnology. since 2009 the Editor-in-Chief has been Mark Reed of Yale University USA.
 The Antiquary (1816) is a novel by Sir Walter Scott about several characters including an antiquary: an amateur historian archaeologist and collector of items of dubious antiquity. Although he is the eponymous character he is not necessarily the hero as many of the characters around him undergo far more significant journeys or change. Instead he provides a central figure (and location) for other more exciting characters and events - on which he provides a sardonic commentary.
 The Daily News is an award winning daily newspaper in Jacksonville North Carolina. It has served the city of Jacksonville Onslow County and its surrounding areas since 1953. The Daily News was owned by Freedom Communications until 2012 when Freedom sold its Florida and North Carolina papers to Halifax Media Group.It was a broadsheet-format daily until June 1 2009 when it and two sister dailies the Sun Journal and the Kinston Free Press converted to a berliner-style format.
 The Age of Miracles is the debut novel of American writer Karen Thompson Walker published in June 2012 by Random House in the United States and Simon & Schuster in the United Kingdom. The book chronicles the fictional phenomenon of 'slowing' in which one Earth day takes longer to complete.The novel received positive reviews and publishing deals totalling £1.12 million and has been translated into many major languages.
 Castles Forlorn is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 Investigate is a current affairs magazine published in New Zealand. It has a conservative Christian editorial standpoint and has published a number of controversial articles. Many of the more notable articles have been critical of policies and members of the centre-left Fifth Labour Government of New Zealand which governed from December 1999 until November 2008. It is edited by Ian Wishart.
 The Urantia Book (sometimes called the Urantia Papers or The Fifth Epochal Revelation) is a spiritual and philosophical book that originated in Chicago sometime between 1924 and 1955.
 The Story of My Experiments with Truth is the autobiography of Mohandas K. Gandhi covering his life from early childhood through to 1921. It was written in weekly instalments and published in his journal Navjivan from 1925 to 1929. Its English translation also appeared in installments in his other journal Young India. It was initiated at the insistence of Swami Anand and other close co-workers of Gandhi who encouraged him to explain the background of his public campaigns.
 The Journal of Planning Literature is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of planning. The journal's editor-in-chief is Jack L. Nasar (Ohio State University). The journal was established in 1985 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Ohio State University. The journal publishes review articles and abstracts of recent literature.
 The Log Cabin Democrat is a daily newspaper in Conway Arkansas United States serving Conway and Faulkner County and some surrounding areas. Founded in July 1879 as The Log Cabin the newspaper is operated by Morris Publishing Group which assumed full ownership in the mid-1990s and its publisher is Rick Fahr.The founding publisher Able F. Livingston was a former Whig Party member who used the party's symbol — the log cabin — as the name for his new enterprise.
 BBC Gardeners' World is a British gardening magazine owned by Immediate Media Company containing tips for gardening from past and current presenters of the television series Gardeners' World. The magazine often has offers on plants free supplements and giveaways. Copies are sold at newsagents and by subscription.
 The Trick of It is a 1989 novel by Michael Frayn. It is written in the form of a series of letters to a colleague in Melbourne and tells the story of an academic working in English Literature who specialises in a fascination with a famous but unnamed contemporary feminist woman writer. She comes to visit his college and they sleep together that night. The morning she leaves and he pursues her hoping to resume the relationship. In time she writes about him or rather about his mother.
 Sacré Blues: An Unsentimental Journey Through Quebec is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Taras Grescoe first published in 2000 by Macfarlane Walter & Ross. In the book the author narrates his candid recollections of moving to Quebec in 1996.
 The Shrinking of Treehorn is a book by Florence Parry Heide illustrated by Edward Gorey and first published in 1971. The main character in the book is Treehorn a young boy who begins shrinking in height after playing a strange board game. Treehorn's parents fail to notice.The sequel to this book is Treehorn's Treasure.
 Black God (黒神 Kurokami) is a Japanese-Korean manga series written by Dall-Young Lim and illustrated by Sung-Woo Park. Square Enix publishes the manga in Japan's bi-monthly seinen magazine Young Gangan. The story is initially set in modern day Tokyo then changes to the island of Okinawa in the middle of the story. The word Black in the title refers to the character Kuro (黒) as it means black in Japanese. God in the title refers to the fact that Kuro is a superhuman or Tera Guardian.
 A Beautiful Place to Die is the debut novel of award-winning filmmaker Malla Nunn.
 Confessions of a Video Vixen is a memoir written by Karrine Steffans which details the first 25 years of her life. Part tell-all covering her sexual liaisons with music industry personalities and professional athletes and part cautionary tale about the dangers of the otherwise romanticized hip-hop music industry it caused considerable controversy in some circles.
 The Zhuangzi (Chinese: 莊子; Wade–Giles: Chuang-tzu) is an ancient Chinese work from the late Warring States period (3rd century BC) which contains stories and anecdotes that exemplify the carefree nature of the ideal Daoist sage.
 The Journal of Dietary Supplements is a scientific journal that presents research in any area involving dietary supplements nutraceuticals or herbal medicine.
 The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It was published by Frederick Warne & Co. in July 1906. Jeremy's origin lies in a letter she wrote to a child in 1893. She revised it in 1906 and moved its setting from the River Tay to the English Lake District.
 Dear Daddy is a 1976 play written by English playwright Denis Cannan first staged at the Ambassadors Theatre in London's West End.
 Transformers: Generation One was a Dreamwave Productions comic book series consisting of two 6-issue limited series and an ongoing title. Within the same continuity were 3 other Dreamwave series: a series of character profiles entitled Transformers: More Than Meets the Eye a prequel miniseries entitled Transformers: Micromasters and another prequel ongoing miniseries called Transformers: The War Within. In addition a single story was part of the Transformers Summer Special.
 The Mount Olive Tribune is a weekly newspaper based in Mount Olive North Carolina covering Southern Wayne and Northern Duplin Counties.
 Good News is a 1980 novel by Edward Abbey.It is set in a Phoenix Arizona of the near future after the economy and government have collapsed. Small bands of people (including Jack Burns the hero from an earlier Abbey novel The Brave Cowboy) are trying to live freely but a would-be military dictator has other plans and is trying to set up a dictatorship using Phoenix as his base.Good News is Abbey's only work of science fiction.
 Kung Fu High School is a brutally descriptive action romance fiction novel written Ryan Gattis. The book explores the mind of a young girl named Jen who along with her brother Cue and legendary martial artist cousin Jimmy Chang attend Kung Fu High School where a powerful drug kingpin named Ridley pits all students against each other in order to maintain control over his corrupt business he runs using the students he controls.
 La Gaceta is a weekly newspaper in Tampa Florida founded in 1922. Published in English Spanish and Italian it is the only trilingual newspaper in the United States.The paper was founded by Victoriano Manteiga a former lector in the cigar factories of West Tampa and Ybor City to serve the needs of the immigrant population of Tampa.Later his son Roland Manteiga took over as editor and publisher.
 Annales Henri Poincaré (A Journal of Theoretical and Mathematical Physics) is a scientific journal which collects and publishes original research papers in the field of theoretical and mathematical physics. The emphasis is on analytical theoretical and mathematical physics in a broad sense. The journal is named in honor of Henri Poincaré and it succeeds two former journals Annales de l'Institut Henri Poincaré physique théorique and Helvetica Physical Acta (ISSN 0018-0238).
 Current Directions in Psychological Science is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal from the Association for Psychological Science (APS) that is published by SAGE Publications.
 Major Bummer is a humorous comic book produced by DC Comics in the late 1990s. It was created by writer John Arcudi and artist Doug Mahnke.
 The Singapore Grip is a novel by J. G. Farrell. It was published in 1978 one year before his death.
 Kagome Kagome (かごめかごめ) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Toshiki Yui. The manga is licensed in France by Panini Comics.
 Le déluge is an early fictional work about trouble and fear in major Western cities by Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 The Chronicle is the national newspaper of the Caribbean island nation of Dominica. It was begun by Bishop Philip Schelfhaut in 1909 as the Dominica Chronicle a bi-weekly publication. For many years afterward it was known as The New Chronicle until it dropped the New from its title in 1996.
 The Journal of the Chemical Society of Pakistan is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of chemistry. It is published by the Chemical Society of Pakistan and was established in 1978. The editor-in-chief is Muhammad Iqbal Bhanger (University of Karachi). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded and Current Contents/Physical Chemical & Earth Sciences.
 The Falls is a novel by Joyce Carol Oates originally published in 2004 by the Ecco Press and winner of the 2005 Prix Femina Etranger.It tells the story of Ariah a woman whose husband threw himself over Niagara Falls on their honeymoon.
 A Horse for Mandy is a young adult novel by Lurlene McDaniel published in August 2004. It tells the story of a young girl's struggle to find herself through her search for the perfect horse. The novel provides an important message on the dangers of tobacco use.
 The Lacquer Screen is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book features fourteen illustrations by the author.
 Der Standard is an Austrian national daily newspaper which is published in Vienna (although the paper is produced in Tulln an der Donau in Lower Austria due to that Bundesland's lower taxes). The daily has a broadsheet format.
 World Tales subtitled The Extraordinary Coincidence of Stories Told in All Times in All Places is a book of 65 folk tales collected by Idries Shah from around the world mostly from literary sources. Some of the tales are very current others are less well known.
 Of Mice and Men is a novella written by Nobel Prize-winning author John Steinbeck.
 Elohi Gadugi Journal is an American magazine that publishes fiction poetry reviews literary nonfiction art and multimedia with a social/environmental edge. It is published online in loosely-themed quarterly issues. A print edition is to be published annually. by Elohi Gadugi and Oregon nonprofit in Portland Oregon.Elohi Gadugi Journal is particularly interested in Native American themes and marginal voices from throughout the world.
 Unstuck is an American literary magazine based in Austin Texas that publishes fiction and poetry. Since its first volume released in the fall of 2011 Unstuck has been devoted to breaking down traditional genre fiction barriers. Past contributors include Aimee Bender J. Robert Lennon Jonathan Lethem Elizabeth McCracken and Joe Meno.
 Williswinde is a collection of verses written by Louis Couperus. The first edition (1.250 books were printed for this edition) was published by L.J. Veen in 1895. In 1904 Veen acquired full righs of Williswinde and 16 other works that were written by Couperus. For the first edition in 1894 Couperus received 200 guilders and the poems by that time had already been published in a number of Dutch newspapers and magazines.
 The Vietnam Economic Times is a monthly newspaper of Vietnam covering national business and economic issues. It is published in both Vietnamese and English and has been published online since at least 1997. The English-language magazine was launched in 1994 under a business cooperation contract between the Vietnamese Association of Economists and Ringier of Switzerland.
 The Shadows Kith and Kin is a collection of short fiction by Joe R. Lansdale published in 2007 in a limited edition by Subterranean Press. This book has long since sold out.It contains: A Quick Author's Note The Shadows Kith and Kin Deadman's Road The Long Dead Day White Mule Spotted Pig Bill the Little Steam Shovel (illustrated by Mark A.
 And the Mountains Echoed is the third novel by Afghan-American author Khaled Hosseini. Published in 2013 by Riverhead Books it deviates from Hosseini's style in his first two works through his choice to avoid focusing on any one character. Rather the book is written similarly to a collection of short stories with each of the nine chapters being told from the perspective of a different character.
 Current Opinion in Neurology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering neurology. The journal publishes editorials and reviews but not original research articles. It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the editor-in-chief is Richard S.J. Frackowiak (University College London). The journal was established in 1988 as Current Opinion in Neurology and Neurosurgery and obtained its current name in 1993.
 F (エフ Efu ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Noboru Rokuda about a country boy who fulfills his dream by racing in a Formula One car. It has been serialized in Big Comic Spirits between June 15 1985 and 1992 in the fourteenth to thirty-fifth issue of the magazine. F received the Shogakukan Manga Award in 1991 for seinen/general manga.It has been adapted into an anime series by Fuji TV and Kitty Film and was broadcast on Fuji TV between March 9 1988 and December 23 1988.
 Premier Eleven is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 Private Peaceful is a novel for older children by Michael Morpurgo first published in 2003. It is about a soldier called Thomas Tommo Peaceful who is looking back on his life from the trenches of World War I in Belgium. Structurally each chapter of the book brings the reader closer to the present until the story turns to present tense.
 Our Gods Wear Spandex: The Secret History of Comic Book Heroes is a book by Christopher Knowles the former editor of Comic Book Artist with illustrations by Joe Linsner.The book examines superheroes as a modern evolution of mythological archetypes and the more modern history as well as the mystical influences on comics.
 The Lyric is the oldest extant literary magazine in North America devoted to formal poetry.The journal was established by Norfolk-based poet John R. Moreland in 1921 and was published by the Norfolk Poets' Club until 1928. By 1949 it had moved to New York and was being published by the Lyric Foundation an organization founded by the magazine's third editor Virginia Kent Cummins. After Cummins' death editorship passed to Ruby Altizer Roberts poet laureate of Virginia.
 Compilers: Principles Techniques and Tools is a computer science textbook by Alfred V. Aho Monica S. Lam Ravi Sethi and Jeffrey D. Ullman about compiler construction.
 The Quantum Prophecy (ISBN 978-0007210923 January 2006) by Michael Carroll is the title of the first novel in The New Heroes series of books for young adults published by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom. The Awakening is the title in the United States as published by Philomel Books (ISBN 0399247254 April 2007) and by Puffin Books (ISBN 978-0142411797 May 2008).
 The Play What I Wrote is a comedy play written by Hamish McColl Sean Foley and Eddie Braben starring Foley and McColl (the double act The Right Size playing characters named Sean and Hamish) with Toby Jones directed by Kenneth Branagh and produced in its original production by David Pugh and Dafydd Rogers.
 PLOS Computational Biology is a peer-reviewed computational biology journal established in 2005 and published by the nonprofit Public Library of Science in association with the International Society for Computational Biology. The founding Editor in Chief was Philip Bourne and the current Editor in Chief is Ruth Nussinov.
 Pro Wrestling Illustrated (PWI) is an American internationally sold professional wrestling magazine. PWI is headquartered in Blue Bell Pennsylvania and published by Kappa Publishing Group.
 Times Square Red Times Square Blue is a non-fiction book written by famed science fiction author Samuel R. Delany and published in 1999 by the New York University Press. The book is a compilation of two separate essays: Times Square Blue and ...Three Two One Contact: Times Square Red.
 Mrs. Spring Fragrance was a popular short story collection by Sui Sin Far pen name of Chinese-British-Canadian-American writer Edith Maude Eaton. The work is notable for being the earliest book of fiction published in the United States by an author of mixed Chinese and white descent. Although the stories in the collection were written in the late 19th and early 20th centuries they were not compiled into a single book until 1912. The original publisher was A. C.
 Return to the Hundred Acre Wood is a Winnie-the-Pooh novel published on 5 October 2009. Written by David Benedictus and illustrated by Mark Burgess it was the first such book since 1928 and introduced the character Lottie the Otter.In the mid-1990s after completing an audio adaptation of Milne's Winnie-the-Pooh stories Benedictus wrote two Pooh short stories of his own and submitted them to the trustees of the Milne estate.
 The Fifty Year Sword is a novella written by Mark Z. Danielewski. Only 1000 first edition English books were released. 51 of those copies are signed in marker with a Z (varying in color and number to coincide with the 5 colored quotation marks that signify different speakers in the text) while the first copy is signed Mark Danielewski in ink. A second English edition of 1000 was released in October 2006.
 The Light in the Piazza is a 1960 novella by Mississippi writer Elizabeth Spencer.At its core are Margaret Johnson and her niece Clara on vacation in Italy where Clara becomes enamored of local Florentine Fabrizio.
 The Watery Place is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the October 1956 issue of Satellite Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth Is Room Enough. It is Asimov's only science fiction story set in Idaho.
 The Stress of Her Regard is a 1989 horror/fantasy novel by Tim Powers. It was nominated for the 1990 World Fantasy and Locus Awards in 1990 and won a Mythopoeic Award.
 An Imaginative Experience (1994) is a novel by British author Mary Wesley. The story concerns a young mother who has lost her husband and son in a car crash and the guilt and self-reproach she has to go through as a consequence of her loss.
 Jazzy in the Jungle is a children's picture book by Lucy Cousins published in 2002. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Gold Award.
 We3 is a three-issue American comic book mini-series by writer Grant Morrison and artist Frank Quitely who describe its kinetic style as Western Manga. It was published in 2004 by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics with a trade paperback released in 2005.
 The Wise Men: Six Friends and the World They Made is a 1986 book by Walter Isaacson and Evan Thomas. It describes the actions of a group of United States government officials and members of the East Coast foreign policy establishment who beginning in the 1940s developed the containment policy of dealing with the Communist bloc and crafted institutions and initiatives such as NATO the World Bank and the Marshall Plan.
 2000 AD is a weekly British science fiction-orientated comic. As a comics anthology it serialises various separate stories in each issue (known as progs) and was first published by IPC Magazines in 1977 the first issue dated 26 February. IPC then shifted the title to its Fleetway comics subsidiary which was sold to Robert Maxwell in 1987 then Egmont UK in 1991.
 Blood Knot is an early play by South African playwright actor and director Athol Fugard. Its single-performance premier was in 1961 in Johannesburg South Africa with the playwright and Zakes Mokae playing the brothers Morris and Zachariah.Lucille Lortel produced The Blood Knot starring J.D.
 Sharpe's Regiment is a historical novel part of series about the fictional Richard Sharpe by Bernard Cornwell.
 Bradley McGogg the Very Fine Frog is a book by Canadian children's book author Tim Beiser illustrated by Canadian painter Rachel Berman. It was published by Tundra Books in March 2009.
 The Jewbird is a short story by the Jewish-American writer Bernard Malamud. The protagonist is a crow named Schwartz who identifies himself as a Jewbird. Fleeing persecution by antisemitic birds Schwartz tries to find a home with a New York City Jewish family. Despite being generous and respectful to the family the father first persecutes and then attempts to kill Schwartz.
 My Disillusionment in Russia is a book published in 1923 by Emma Goldman describing her experiences in Soviet Russia from 1920 to 1921 where she saw the aftermath of the Russian Revolution of 1917.
 Stained Glass is an American spy thriller novel by William F. Buckley Jr. the second of eleven novels in the Blackford Oakes series.Its first paperback edition won a 1980 National Book Award in the one-year category Mystery (paperback).
 Uncle (1964) is a children's novel written by J. P. Martin the first book of six forming the Uncle series. It is named after the main character a rich philanthropic elephant who lives in a huge fantastical castle populated by many other eccentric animals and people. It was illustrated like the others in the series by Quentin Blake.
 Company K is a 1933 novel by William March first serialised in parts in the New York magazine Forum from 1930 to 1932 and published in its entirety by Smith and Haas on 19 January 1933 in New York. The book's title was taken from the Marine company that March served in during World War I. It has been regarded as one of the most significant works of literature to come out of the American World War I experience and the most reprinted of all March's work.
 Scandal Takes a Holiday is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Judgment Day: My Years with Ayn Rand is a memoir by Nathaniel Branden that focuses on his relationship with his former mentor and lover Ayn Rand. It was originally published in 1989 and Branden released a revised version retitled as My Years with Ayn Rand in 1999.
 TransAtlantic is a novel by Colum McCann published in June 2013.Based upon the book Colum wrote the lyrics for Clannad's song TransAtlantic released with the album Nádúr in September 2013. He also wrote the linear notes for the album.
 The New Canada is a Canadian political literature book written by Reform Party of Canada founder and leader Preston Manning and published by Macmillan Canada. The book explains the personal religious and political life of Preston Manning and explains the roots and beliefs of the Reform Party.
 Journal of Economic Surveys is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Blackwell Publishing Ltd. The journal was established in 1987. The journal covers developments in economics in areas such as econometrics economic history and business economics. Specific topics include business finance banking regulation and exchanges.
 Amazons II is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Jessica Amanda Salmonson with a cover by Michael Whelan. Following up her earlier anthology Amazons! it consists like its predecessor volume of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1982.The book collects twelve short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors with an introduction by Salmonson.
 Three for the Chair is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1957 and by Bantam Books in various paperback printings beginning in 1958. The book contains three stories: A Window for Death first published in The American Magazine (May 1956) as Nero Wolfe and the Vanishing Clue Immune to Murder first published in The American Magazine (November 1955) Too Many Detectives first published September 14 1956 in Collier's
 Constructive Approximation is an international mathematics journal dedicated to Approximations and Expansions and related research in computation function theory functional analysis interpolation spaces and interpolation of operators numerical analysis space of functions special functions and applications.
 L’Opoponax is a 1964 novel by French writer Monique Wittig. It was translated into English in 1966 by Helen Weaver and published in the US by Simon & Schuster. The title comes from the plant Opopanax aka sweet myrrh which appears as the cover illustration on the 1976 reprint by Daughters Inc..
 Spectroscopy is a trade magazine published since 1985 by the Advanstar Publishers.
 A Boy in France is a short story by J. D. Salinger. It is the second part of a trio of stories following the character Babe Gladwaller. The first story is Last Day of the Last Furlough and the third is The Stranger. A Boy in France is one of the few Salinger war stories which deals directly with combat conditions. The setting is at the front as Babe hunkered down in a foxhole tries to comfort himself by rereading a letter from his sister.
 Thiotimoline is a fictitious chemical compound conceived by science fiction author Isaac Asimov. It was first described in a spoof scientific paper titled The Endochronic Properties of Resublimated Thiotimoline in 1948. The major peculiarity of the chemical is its endochronicity: when it is mixed with water it starts dissolving before it contacts with water. Asimov went on to write three additional short stories each describing different properties or uses of thiotimoline.
 An Arrow's Flight (ISBN 978-0-312-24288-6) is a novel by Mark Merlis published in 1998.
 Cleansed is the third play by the English playwright Sarah Kane. It was first performed in 1998 at the Royal Court Theatre Downstairs in London. The play is set in a university which has been converted into some form of bizarre institution under the rule of the sadistic Tinker.
 The Steel Wave: A Novel of World War II is a historical novel written by Jeff Shaara about Operation Overlord. The book is the second book in a trilogy written by Shaara.The novel begins in January 1944 nearly six months before the invasion of Normandy. Nearly half of the novel deals with General Eisenhower Winston Churchill and the rest of the SHAEF's attempt to prepare for D-Day and Erwin Rommel's attempt to prepare for such an assault.
 The Queen of Air and Darkness is a novel by English writer T. H. White. It is the second book in his epic work The Once and Future King. It continues the story of the newly crowned King Arthur his tutelage by the wise Merlyn his war against King Lot and also introduces the Orkney clan a group of characters who would cause the eventual downfall of the king. The original second book in the series was The Witch in the Wood published in 1939.
 And No More Shall We Part is a play by the Australian playwright Tom Holloway published by Currency Press in 2011.
 Destination: Void is the first science fiction novel set in the Destination: Void universe by the American author Frank Herbert. It first appeared in Galaxy Magazine in August 1965 under the title Do I Wake or Dream? but was published as Destination: Void in book form the following year. A revised edition edited and updated by the author was released in 1978.
 The Warlock: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel (often shortened to The Warlock) is the fifth book of the series The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel written by Irish author Michael Scott. The novel was released in the USA on May 24 2011 published by Delacorte Press which is an imprint of Random House.
 Treehorn's Treasure is a book by Florence Parry Heide illustrated by Edward Gorey and first published in 1981. It belongs to the same series as The Shrinking of Treehorn (1971). In Treehorn's Treasure the main character Treehorn discovers that money does in fact grow on trees - his tree!This book was followed by Treehorn's Wish.
 Gog is a 1931 satirical novel by the Italian writer Giovanni Papini. It tells the story of Goggins nicknamed Gog a Hawaiian-American who made a fortune during World War I and travels around the world.An English translation was published in 1931 but was poorly received. The American Mercury wrote in its review: There are here and there some ingenious and amusing passages but in the main the ideas are not striking nor is their exposition very impressive.
 Sex Drugs & Superheroes (full title: Sex Drugs & Superheroes: A Savage Journey into a Wretched Hive of Scum & Supervillainy) is a novel by David Reddish first published in 2012.
 The Literature of Australian Birds is a book published in 1954 by Paterson Brokensha in Perth Western Australia. Its full title is The Literature of Australian Birds: A History and a Bibliography of Australian Ornithology. It was authored by Hubert Massey Whittell. It is in large octavo format (252 x 184 mm) and contains some 900 pages two separately paginated parts bound in one volume in brown buckram.
 The International Journal of Image and Graphics was established in 2001 and covers image and graphics technologies and systems. It is published by World Scientific and provides a central forum for scientists researchers engineers and vendors from different disciplines to exchange ideas identify problems investigate relevant issues share common interests explore new directions and initiate possible collaborative research and system development.
 Art & Antiques is an American arts magazine.
 The Best of Fritz Leiber is a collection of short stories by Fritz Leiber. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Sphere Books in paperback in May 1974 and in the United States in hardcover by Doubleday in June 1974; a British hardcover and American paperback followed in November of the same year from Sidgwick & Jackson and Ballantine Books respectively.
 City of Illusions is a 1967 post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin set on Earth in the distant future in her Hainish Cycle. City of Illusions is significant because it lays the foundation for the Hainish cycle a fictional world in which the majority of Ursula K. Le Guin's Science Fiction novels take place.
 वसंत के हत्यारे (English: ) is a short story collection by Hrishikesh Sulabh comprising 9 stories in Hindi written over 10 years from 2003 to 2009. It has won the author the 16th Indu Sharma International Katha Samman given by Katha UK.
 The Star Road is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Doubleday in 1973. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Amazing Stories Astounding Analog Science Fiction and Fact Galaxy Science Fiction Worlds of Tomorrow and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 Running Dog is a 1978 novel by Don DeLillo. At its center is a rumored pornographic film of Adolf Hitler purportedly filmed in his bunker in the climactic days of Berlin's fall. The novel follows a journalist as she tries to penetrate a murky black market of wealthy erotic-art collectors in order to locate the film. The tale grows increasingly wild and violent as she closes in on this bizarre grail. The book derives its title from a fictional underground once-radical magazine.
 The Citizen is a newspaper based in Juba the national capital of South Sudan and the state capital of Central Equatoria.The newspaper was first founded during the second period of autonomy for what was then known as Southern Sudan the ten states in the deep south of the Republic of the Sudan in 2006. It became South Sudan's largest newspaper when the country formally declared independence on 9 July 2011.
 Roadmarks is a science fantasy novel written by Roger Zelazny during the late 1970s and published in 1979.The novel postulates a road that travels through time with a nexus placed every few years where a handful of specially gifted people are able to get on and off.
 This is the third in Fault Lines (series). BSFA Award nominee 1997; Locus Award winner 1998 Sequel to both Last Call and Expiration Date involving the characters of both: two fugitives from a psychiatric hospital the magical nature of multiple personality disorder and the secret history of wine production in California.Parts of the novel are set in the Winchester Mystery House.
 True Confessions is a confession magazine targeted at young women readers. It wasoriginally published by Fawcett Publications beginning in 1922.
 The Time Ships is a 1995 science fiction novel by Stephen Baxter. A sequel to The Time Machine by H. G. Wells it was officially authorised by the Wells estate to mark the centenary of the original's publication. It won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award and the Philip K. Dick Award in 1996 as well as the British Science Fiction Association Award in 1995. It was also nominated for the Hugo Clarke and Locus Awards in 1996.
 My Brother Sam Is Dead (1974) is a young adult historical fiction novel by James Lincoln Collier and Christopher Collier. The book realistically depicts what happened in the American Revolution. It is a Newbery Honor book that was also named an ALA Notable Children's Book and nominated for a National Book Award in 1975.The ALA reports that My Brother Sam is Dead was the twelfth most frequently challenged book in the period from 1990 to 2000 and the 27th most challenged book from 2000 to 2009.
 Yellowman is a play written by Dael Orlandersmith. It was the 2002 Pulitzer Prize finalist for drama.
 The Collected Stories of Katherine Anne Porter is a book published by Harcourt in 1965 comprising nineteen short stories and long stories as she would say. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.Collected Stories in addition to four exclusive new stories contains all stories previously collected in Flowering Judas; Pale Horse Pale Rider; and The Leaning Tower.
 The Night People is a science fiction novel by author Francis Flagg. It was published in 1947 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. (FPCI) in an edition of 500 copies. It is the first book published under the FPCI imprint.
 Gujarat Samachar (meaning Gujarat News) is a Gujarati language daily newspaper in India. It is a leading paper in the Indian state of Gujurat with the reported highest average readership in the state (4.5 million) as of September 2012.Its main office is in Ahmedabad.
 Shock SuspenStories was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s. The bi-monthly comic published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein began with issue 1 in February/March 1952. Over a four-year span it ran for 18 issues ending with the December/January 1955 issue.
 The Devil's Disciple is an 1897 play written by Irish dramatist George Bernard Shaw. The play is Shaw's eighth and after Richard Mansfield's original 1897 American production it was his first financial success which helped to affirm his career as a playwright. It was published in Shaw's 1901 collection Three Plays for Puritans together with Captain Brassbound's Conversion and Caesar and Cleopatra.
 The Journal of Economic Growth is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in economic growth and dynamic macroeconomics. It was established in 1996 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Letters Written in France is a series of letters written by English writer Helen Maria Williams first published in 1790. The considerably longer title under which it was originally published is Letters written in France: in the summer 1790 to a friend in England: containing various anecdotes relative to the French revolution; and memoirs of Mons. and Madame du F---- (Fossé).
 The Empire of the Angels (French: L'Empire des Anges) is a 2000 science fiction novel by French writer Bernard Werber.
 The Races of Europe is a popular work of physical anthropology by Carleton S. Coon.
 Tafsir Ishraq al-Ma’ani is a commentary of the Qur'an in English language by an Indian Islamic scholar ‘Syed Iqbal Zaheer’ editor of the Bangalore based weekly Islamic magazine ‘Young Muslim Digest’. This 14-volume commentary is essentially a quintessence of Qur’anic commentaries (from both traditional and modern tafsirs).
 The IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Computer Society.
 Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes is a non-fiction children's book written by American author Eleanor Coerr and published in 1977.The book has been translated to many languages and published in many places to be used for peace education programs in primary schools.
 Sonora Review is a biannual graduate student-run literary magazine that was established in the fall of 1980. Sonora Review publishes fiction non-fiction and poetry as well as interviews book reviews and art. Each issue is produced by graduate student volunteers in the Creative Writing Department at the University of Arizona. Former staff members include Antonya Nelson Robert Boswell Richard Russo Tony Hoagland and David Foster Wallace.
 The Oligarchs: Wealth and Power in the New Russia is a 2001 non-fiction book written by Pulitzer Prize-winning author and The Washington Post contributing editor David E.
 The Journal of Neuroscience is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Society for Neuroscience. It covers empirical research on all aspects of neuroscience. Its editor-in-chief is John H. R. Maunsell (Harvard University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 7.115.
 Postcards from No Man's Land is a young-adult novel by Aidan Chambers published by Bodley Head in 1999. Two stories are set in Amsterdam during 1994 and 1944. One features 17-year-old visitor Jacob Todd during the 50-year commemoration of the Battle of Arnhem in which his grandfather fought; the other features 19-year old Geertrui late in the German occupation of the Netherlands.
 Book of Vile Darkness is an optional supplemental sourcebook for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game. The book was written by Monte Cook and published by Wizards of the Coast in October 2002. Described as a detailed look at the nature of evil it was the first Dungeons & Dragons book labelled for mature audiences. The second was the good companion volume Book of Exalted Deeds. Another Book of Vile Darkness was published for the 4th edition of D&D in 2011.
 Marlin: The International Sportfishing Magazine is a digital and print magazine that covers big game fishing around the world. Its headquarters are in Winter Park Florida and is published by the Bonnier Corporation. Marlin contains updates on the world's hottest billfishing destinations insider tips on live-baiting and trolling glimpses of people influencing the sport and reviews on the latest equipment.
 Allegiance is a novel set in the Star Wars galaxy released in January 2007 by Del Rey. The book was written by Timothy Zahn.
 The Rotters' Club is a 2001 novel by British author Jonathan Coe set in Birmingham England during the 1970s. The title is taken from the album The Rotters' Club by experimental rock band Hatfield and the North. In 2004 the book was followed by a sequel The Closed Circle.The Rotters' Club is inspired by Coe's own experiences at King Edward's School Birmingham in the 1970s.
 The Paths of the Perambulator (1985) is a fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book follows the continuing adventures of Jonathan Thomas Meriweather who is transported from our world into a land of talking animals and magic. It is the fifth book in the Spellsinger series.
 Jack the Giant Killer (1987) is a contemporary fantasy novel by Charles De Lint. The book is set in present-day Ottawa (where de Lint himself lives) but incorporates many elements of fantasy folklore and myth.This book was included along with Drink Down the Moon (1990) in Jack of Kinrowan (1995).
 Democracy is a quarterly journal of progressive and liberal politics as well as culture founded by Kenneth Baer and Andrei Cherny in 2006. While new Democracy is intended to be the progressive/liberal answer to such prominent and influential conservative journals as The Public Interest Policy Review Commentary and The National Interest.
 The News & Review is a group of free alternative weekly newspapers published by Chico Community Publishing Inc. of Chico California. The company publishes the Chico News & Review the Sacramento News & Review in Sacramento California and the Reno News & Review in Reno Nevada.The chain started out as an on-campus newspaper for Chico State called The Wildcat.
 The Journal of Semitic Studies in bibliographies typically abbreviated JSS is an academic journal that was established in 1955 and has been issued twice a year ever since.From the first issue in 1955 onwards the journal has included papers on the research of the modern as well as the ancient Near East.
 Archives of Toxicology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of toxicology. It was established in 1930 as Sammlung von Vergiftungsfällen renamed in 1954 into Archiv für Toxikologie and obtained its current title in 1974. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Jan G. Hengstler (Leibniz Research Centre for Working Environment and Human Factors).
 The New Straits Times is an English-language newspaper published in Malaysia. It is Malaysia's oldest newspaper still in print (though not the first) having been founded as The Straits Times in 1845 and was reestablished as the New Straits Times in 1974. The paper served as Malaysia's only broadsheet format English language newspaper.
 The White Plague (1982) is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert.
 Arnold was a syndicated comic strip by Kevin McCormick that ran at its height in 56 newspapers including the LA Times and the Detroit Free Press from 1982 through 1988. The strip was characterized by an off-beat sense of humor and random interjections by the title character Arnold.
 Elven Star is the second book in The Death Gate Cycle series written by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman. It was released in 1990. The book covers the reconnaissance of Pryan by Haplo at the behest of the Lord of the Nexus. Pryan is one of the four elemental worlds in the universe of the series created by the sundering of the Earth.
 The Road to Reality: A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe is a book on modern physics by the British mathematical physicist Roger Penrose published in 2004. It covers the basics of the Standard Model of particle physics discussing general relativity and quantum mechanics and discusses the possible unification of these two theories.
 August 1914 is a novel by Russian novelist Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn about Imperial Russia's defeat at the Battle of Tannenberg in East Prussia. The novel was completed in 1970 first published in 1971 and an English translation was first published in 1972. The novel is an unusual blend of fiction narrative and historiography and has given rise to extensive and often bitter controversy both from the literary as well as from the historical point of view.
 City of the Chasch is the first science fiction adventure novel of the tetralogy Tschai Planet of Adventure. It was written by Jack Vance and follows the attempts of a man stranded on the distant planet Tschai to return to Earth.
 The Book and the Brotherhood is the 23rd novel of Iris Murdoch first published in 1987. Considered by some critics to be among her best novels is the story of a group of close friends living in England in the 1980s. The book of the title is a theoretical work on Marxism supposed to have been written by David Crimond an exile from this circle of friends. After graduating from Oxford University the protagonists banded together to finance Crimond in writing the book.
 Brødre i blodet is a Norwegian novel by Ingvar Ambjørnsen published in 1996.
 Prisoner's Base (British title Out Goes She) is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by Viking Press in 1952.
 Mawlid al-Nabi Celebration and Permissibility is a masterpiece published for the first time in the English language exploring the legality of celebrating Mawlid al-Nabi (Birth of the Prophet Muhammad ). It is authored by Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri published in London by Minhaj-ul-Quran Publications.Tahir-ul-Qadri himself a strong advocate of celebrating Mawlid al-Nabi criticizes those who do not celebrate the coming of the mercy to the humanity.
 Going Bovine is a 2009 surreal dark comedy novel by Libba Bray. It follows the experiences of high school junior Cameron Smith as he suffers from transmissible spongiform encephalopathy.
 Tarzan the Magnificent is a book written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the twenty-first in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. It was originally published as two separate stories serialized in different pulp magazines; Tarzan and the Magic Men in Argosy from September to October 1936 and Tarzan and the Elephant Men in Blue Book from November 1937 to January 1938.
 The King Incorporated was the first history book published by award-winning Scottish journalist and historian Neal Ascherson exploring the course of the Congo Free State from its foundation to annexation as well as the role of King Leopold II.The King Incorporated was first published in 1963 (three years after the Congo's independence from Belgium) and has been reprinted in 8 editions.
 Lassie (ラッシー Rasshī) is a two volume manga series written by Yoshihiro Takahashi and published by Shueisha in 2001. Lassie follows a rough collie named Lassie as he searches for his beloved friend Akutsu who he wants to be his owner.
 Dangling Man is a 1944 novel by Saul Bellow. It is his first published work.
 Encyclopedia Brunoniana is an American reference work by Martha Mitchell covering Brown University. Published in 1993 by the Brown University Library the encyclopedia has 629 pages. A digital version can be read free of charge on the Internet.Encyclopedia Brunoniana serves as a reference for the Brown community on the University's history. It includes articles on Brown's departments publications buildings and people associated with the University.
 Random Hearts is a 1984 novel by American author Warren Adler who wrote the novel after being moved by the 1982 Air Florida Flight 90 disaster. In 1999 the novel was made into a motion picture directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas.
 Sarutobi Ecchan (さるとびエッちゃん) is a magical girl manga series by Shotaro Ishinomori. It was originally named Okashina Okashina Okashina Ano Ko (おかしな おかしな おかしなあの子 Okashina Okashina Okashina Ano Ko) but was changed in 1971 when Toei Animation adapted it into an anime called Sarutobi Ecchan. The anime lasted 26 episodes. It has yet yet to be released on DVD in america however the series has been released on DVD in japan.
 Black Sun Rising published in 1991 is a fantasy novel by C. S. Friedman. It is the first book in the Coldfire Trilogy followed by When True Night Falls.
 The Yellow Wallpaper is a 6000-word short story by the American writer Charlotte Perkins Gilman first published in January 1892 in The New England Magazine.
 Albertine is the first and so far only novel of writer and critic Jacqueline Rose. It is a parallel novel using characters and events from Marcel Proust's In Search of Lost Time.
 Lifelines is a literary journal published by Dartmouth Medical School.The journal is sponsored by the Trustees of Dartmouth College and features work by current and former students current writers and artists.Precedence for inclusion in the journal is given to Medical school alum but exceptions are sometimes made for distinguished work. The journal aims to address a lack of discourse among science and the arts while recognizing the challenge in combining the two.
 The Union Democrat is a newspaper that serves the Sonora California area. It has been owned by Western Communications who also publish The Bulletin in Bend Oregon since 1998.
 Sharpe's Gold is a historical novel by Bernard Cornwell. Set in August 1810 during the Peninsular War and featuring the destruction of Almeida it is the 9th (chronologically) in the Richard Sharpe Series.
 Clan of the Nakagamis (仲神家の一族 Nakagamike no Ichizoku) is a two volume yaoi manga by Homerun Ken and published by Biblos. The story is about Haruka Iijima and his teacher Tokio Nakagami. Tokio has the body of a 14-year-old boy despite being 25 and a math teacher. Haruku Iijima has the body of a tall dashing young man though he's only a high school student. The couple attempt to make out but Tokio's overprotective family the Nakagimi Clan keep getting in the way.
 Green Green (グリーングリーン Gurīn Gurīn) is a Japanese 12-episode anime adaptation of the H-game of the same name. While there are no sexually explicit scenes in the first 12 episodes the series has a strong focus on nudity. A non-canon sequel exists to the story as a thirteenth episode which was released at a later date.
 Critical Mass is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1949. This comic story describes the relationship between a village and a nuclear research facility located near it. On the day that the story takes place a truck carrying a mysterious cargo has an accident and the driver flees. The terrified villagers are about to begin an evacuation when the narrator discovers that the cargo were merely caged bees.
 The Long Rain is a short story by science fiction author Ray Bradbury. This story was originally published in 1950 as Death-by-Rain in the magazine Planet Stories and then in the collection The Illustrated Man. The story tells of four men who have crashed on a planet where it is always raining.
 Kidney International is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of nephrology. It is the official journal of the International Society of Nephrology.
 Caballo de Troya: Caná is the ninth and final book in the Caballo de Troya book series about the life of Jesus Christ and published in 2011 by Spanish writer and journalist J. J. Benítez. It is as said by the author himself the final chapter on the series which began with the first volume Jerusalén on 1984.The book was published in Spain and Latin America by Planeta International.
 The Paying Guest is a satirical novella by George Gissing first published in 1895 by Cassell as part of their Pocket Library series. It recounts the experiences of the Mumfords a middle-class family who invite a paying guest into their home to supplement their income. Written in an unusually comic tone compared with Gissing's earlier works The Paying Guest was generally received well by critics. Gissing himself however was not satisfied with the work.
 Beyond This Place is a 1953 novel by Scottish author A. J. Cronin. A serial version appeared in Collier's under the title of To Live Again.
 The Oldest Living Graduate is the third and final play in the series A Texas Trilogy by Preston Jones.
 The Girl Who Loved Wild Horses is a book by Paul Goble. Released by Bradbury Books it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1979.
 The Lethbridge Herald is the leading daily newspaper in greater Lethbridge Alberta Canada. It is owned by Alta Newspaper Group and also publishes and distributes two weekly newspapers the Lethbridge Journal and Lethbridge Sun Times.
 Televisioon was a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Night and Day is a novel by Virginia Woolf first published on 20 October 1919. Set in Edwardian London Night and Day contrasts the daily lives and romantic attachments of two acquaintances Katharine Hilbery and Mary Datchet. The novel examines the relationships between love marriage happiness and success.Dialogue and descriptions of thought and actions are used in equal amount unlike in Woolf's later book To the Lighthouse.
 The Citadel of the Autarch is a science fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe first released in 1983. It is the fourth and final volume in the four-volume series The Book of the New Sun.
 The History of White People is a 2010 book by Nell Irvin Painter. In it Painter explores the idea of whiteness throughout history beginning with ancient Greece and continuing through the beginning of racial pseudoscience in early modern Europe to 19th- through 21st-century America.
 The Indian Journal of Human Genetics is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Human Genetics. It covers all aspects of human genetics.
 The Observer-Dispatch is the largest newspaper serving the Utica-Rome metropolitan area in Central New York circulating in Oneida County Herkimer County and parts of Madison County. Based in Utica New York the publication is owned by GateHouse Media.
 The Journal of Instrumentation is an online peer-reviewed scientific journal. It is published by IOP Publishing on behalf of the International School for Advanced Studies.The journal covers concept and instrumentation in topic areas related to and including detector and accelerator science including related theory simulations modelling and experimental methods.
 Oliver Twist subtitled The Parish Boy's Progress is the second novel by English author Charles Dickens published by Richard Bentley in 1838. The story is about an orphan Oliver Twist who endures a miserable existence in a workhouse and then is placed with an undertaker. He escapes and travels to London where he meets the Artful Dodger leader of a gang of juvenile pickpockets.
 Ugnayan was the official student publication of the Recognized Student Organizations (RSO) of Adamson University.Along with Adamson News and The Adamson Chronicle Ugnayan was one of the three largest publications in Adamson University. The publication ceased in 2009.
 The Day Must Dawn is a historical novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) set in 1777 in Hanna's Town Pennsylvania a frontier settlement thirty miles east of Pittsburgh.The novel is an 18th-century pioneer romance about a mother toughened by hardships as well as a parallel story of her daughter and her final choice between two men who offer different futures. The mother tries to have her daughter go east to a more civilized life.
 Kurier Wileński (literally: Vilnian Courier) is the main Polish-language newspaper in Lithuania. Printed in Vilnius it is the only Polish-language daily newspaper published east of Poland. A direct descendant of both the 19th-century newspaper of the same name and the Czerwony Sztandar newspaper created by the Soviet authorities in 1953 as a means of Sovietization of the Polish diaspora left in the Polish areas annexed by the Soviet Union.
 Kono Aozora ni Yakusoku o (この青空に約束を― The Promise I made over this Blue Sky) is a Japanese adult visual novel produced by Giga originally released on March 31 2006. The game was ported to the PlayStation 2 in 2007 and the PlayStation Portable in 2009 came with additional content although the adult content was removed. An anime TV series was made in 2007 under the title Kono Aozora ni Yakusoku o: Yōkoso Tsugumi Ryō e (この青空に約束を― ～ようこそつぐみ寮へ～ lit.
 Management and Organization Review is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Association for Chinese Management Research. It covers research on international comparative and cross-cultural management in a Chinese context. The editor-in-chief is Anne S. Tsui (Arizona State University).
 International Perspectives in Psychology: Research Practice Consultation is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 52 of the American Psychological Association. It was established in 2011 and covers research in the psychology of human behavior and experiences around the globe. The current editor-in-chief is Judith L. Gibbons of Saint Louis University.
 Holy Talker (ホーリートーカー Hōrī Tōkā) is a Japanese manga series illustrated by Rando Ayamine. The manga began serialization in the April 2008 issue of Kodansha's magazine Shōnen Rival. Six tankōbon volumes have been released in Japan before the series was interrupted.
 Day Watch (Russian: Dnevnoi Dozor Дневной дозор) is a fantasy novel by Russian authors Sergey Lukyanenko and Vladimir Vasilyev. The second book in the pentalogy of Watches it is preceded by Night Watch and followed by Twilight Watch Last Watch and New Watch.
 Life at the Bottom: The Worldview That Makes the Underclass is a collection of essays written by British writer doctor and psychiatrist Theodore Dalrymple and published in book form by Ivan R. Dee in 2001. In 1994 the Manhattan Institute started publishing the contents of these essays in the City Journal magazine. They are about personal responsibility the mentality of society as a whole and the troubles of the underclass.
 Things That Go Bump is a season of plays (often regarded as a trilogy) performed in 2008 by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.Unlike Ayckbourn's previous trilogies where all three plays were written for the same season the three plays in this set were written over a period of fourteen years. The first play Haunting Julia was written in 1994 and Snake in the Grass was written in 2002 as a companion piece.
 The Technovator is the official college publication of Western Visayas College of Science and Technology La Paz Iloilo City.
 Imagine Magazine was a monthly magazine dedicated to the first edition Advanced Dungeons and Dragons and Dungeons and Dragons role playing game systems published by TSR UK Limited.
 No Coins Please is a 1984 young adult book by Gordon Korman.
 X-Men: Die by the Sword is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 2007. It was written by Chris Claremont drawn by Juan Santacruz and inked by Raul Fernandez.The story featured the teams New Excalibur and Exiles. It is notable that the storyline is published as its own mini-series because historically a team-up of two teams is typically published as a crossover within the comic book series of the teams involved.
 Shark Girl (2007) is the debut novel by Kelly Bingham. It is a young adult novel in verse that tells the story of the fifteen-year-old Jane Arrowood who goes swimming at a California beach in June is attacked by a shark and has to have her right arm amputated. The novel is told mostly through blank verse poetry that is interspersed with news articles about Jane’s attack and letters of encouragement she receives from strangers.
 The Blackstone Chronicles is a serialized novel by American horror and suspense author John Saul. The series consists of six installments and takes place in a fictional New Hampshire town called Blackstone. The series has been adapted into both a computer game and graphic novel.
 The Glove of Darth Vader is the first book of the Jedi Prince series by Paul Davids and Hollace Davids and was released in June 1992. It is preceded by the novel The Truce at Bakura and followed by the second Jedi Prince novel The Lost City of the Jedi.
 The Beatrice Letters is a book by Lemony Snicket. It is tangential to the children's book series A Series of Unfortunate Events and was published shortly before the thirteenth and final installment. According to its cover the book is suspiciously linked to Book the Thirteenth although the British edition merely states that it contains a clue to Book the Thirteenth.The book consists of thirteen letters six from Beatrice Baudelaire to Lemony Snicket six from Lemony Snicket to Mrs.
 A Perfect Night to Go to China is a novel by David Gilmour published in 2005. It won the 2005 Governor General's Award for English language fiction.
 Ming Pao (traditional Chinese: 明報; simplified Chinese: 明报; pinyin: Míng Bào) is a Chinese-language newspaper published by Ming Pao Group in Hong Kong. In the 1990s Ming Pao established four overseas branches in North America each provides independent reporting on local news and collect local advertisements. Currently only the two Canadian editions remain: Ming Pao Toronto and Ming Pao Vancouver.
 The Journal of Ecology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of the ecology of plants. It was established in 1913 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Ecological Society.The journal publishes papers on plant ecology (including algae) in both terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems.
 Kunst og Kultur (Art and Culture) is a Norwegian cultural magazine founded in 1910 by Harry Fett and Haakon Shetelig. Leif Østby edited the journal from 1962 to 1980. Editor from 2003 is Ellen Lerberg.
 The Death of Economics is a book written by Paul Ormerod. According to the author the title does not imply that the study of economies is not of great importance but rather it argues that conventional economics offers a misleading view of how the world operates and needs to be replaced.The book is split into two parts.
 Strain (ストレイン) is manga series written by Yoshiyuki Okamura and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami published Shogakukan's Big Comic Superior from 1996 to 1998.
 Jago Bangla is an Indian Bengali weekly newspaper published from Kolkata West Bengal India. This is an organ of All India Trinamool Congress. This paper is used by the party to convey its message to different parts of Bengal specially rural Bengal. As of 2011 the newspaper had a circulation of 60000 in West Bengal.
 An Acceptable Time is a 1989 young adult science fiction novel by Madeleine L'Engle the last of her books to feature Polyhymnia O'Keefe better known as Poly (The Arm of the Starfish Dragons in the Waters) or Polly (A House Like a Lotus An Acceptable Time).
 Voyage on the Great Titanic: The Diary of Margaret Ann Brady RMS Titanic 1912 is a romantic historical fiction novel written by Ellen Emerson White and is the eleventh book of the Dear America series.
 The Hypnotist (Swedish: Hypnotisören) is a crime novel by the Swedish husband-wife writing team of Alexander Ahndoril and Alexandra Coelho Ahndoril published under the name Lars Kepler. It was first published in Sweden in 2009 and translated into English in 2011 by Ann Long. In 2012 it was adapted into a film.
 Uncle Tom's Cabin; or Life Among the Lowly is an anti-slavery novel by American author Harriet Beecher Stowe. Published in 1852 the novel helped lay the groundwork for the Civil War according to Will Kaufman.Stowe a Connecticut-born teacher at the Hartford Female Seminary and an active abolitionist featured the character of Uncle Tom a long-suffering black slave around whom the stories of other characters revolve.
 The AdSense Code: What Google Never Told You About Making Money with AdSense is an Internet marketing book by Joel Comm - an Internet marketing expert professional speaker and entrepreneur - published in April 2006. The book's cover was based on the cover design of Dan Brown's best-selling novel The Da Vinci Code. The book grew out of Comm's popular ebook What Google Never Told You About Making Money with AdSense (published in 2005) now in its fifth edition.
 The Town was a British newspaper that was published between 1837 and 1840. It generally covered the scandals and nightlife of London. Many of the topics written about in the paper were considered extremely vulgar at the time and it was often criticized for discussing these topics. Renton Nicholson the editor and part owner of the paper became embroiled in several legal disputes due to the articles that he published.
 Interstellar Pig published in 1984 by Bantam Books is a science fiction novel for young adults written by William Sleator. It was listed as an ALA Notable Book a SLJ Best Book of the Year and a Junior Literary Guild Selection.
 The Post-Crescent is a daily newspaper based in Appleton Wisconsin. Part of the Gannett chain of newspapers it is primarily distributed in numerous counties surrounding the Appleton area.
 Fighter Wing: A Guided Tour of an Air Force Combat Wing (1995 ISBN 0-425-14957-9) is a nonfiction book written by Tom Clancy which explores the inner workings of the United States Air Force's 366th Fighter Wing based out of Mountain Home Air Force Base in Idaho.With an overview of the evolution of air power such as aircraft engines stealth avionics sensors and onboard displays it also briefly introduces the B-2 Spirit and the F-22 Raptor.
 His Holiness: The Secret Papers of Benedict XVI (Italian: Sua Santità. Le carte segrete di Benedetto XVI) is a book published by Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi consisting of confidential letters and memos between Pope Benedict XVI and his personal secretary. The letters in the book portray the Vatican as a corrupt hotbed of jealousy intrigue and underhanded factional fighting.
 Line of Delirium and Emperors of Illusions are two 1995 books of a space opera trilogy by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko (Shadows of Dreams is a short prequel to Line of Delirium and is usually included in the second book). The story is told in third person usually from the viewpoint of Kay Dutch (aka Kay Altos) — a professional bodyguard living in a post-war galaxy.
 Flacăra (Romanian for The Flame) is a weekly magazine published in Bucharest Romania originally as a literary periodical.
 Titanium Rain is a limited series published by Archaia Studios Press written by Josh Finney with art by Josh Finney and Kat Rocha.
 Into a Dark Realm is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the second book in the Darkwar Saga and was published in 2006. It was preceded by Flight of the Nighthawks and followed by the final book in the saga Wrath of a Mad God.
 Cold Asylum is the twentieth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 The Bluejacket's Manual is the basic handbook for United States Navy personnel. First issued in 1902 to teach new recruits about naval procedures and life and offer a reference for active sailors it has become the bible for Navy personnel providing information about a wide range of Navy topics. The current version issued in 2009 is the 24th Edition and is given to all enlistees.
 How I Learned to Drive is a play written by the American playwright Paula Vogel. The play was premiered on March 16 1997 off-Broadway at the Vineyard Theatre. Vogel received the 1998 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the work. It was written and developed at the Perseverance Theatre in Juneau Alaska with Molly Smith as artistic director.
 National Lampoon Comics was an American book an anthology of comics; it was published in 1974 in paperback. Although it is to all appearances a book it was apparently considered to be a special edition of National Lampoon magazine. (The book is described on the first page as being Vol I No. 7 in a series of special editions published three times a year.)The anthology contained material that had been published in the magazine from 1970 to 1974.
 The Dark Brotherhood and Other Pieces is a collection of stories poems and essays by American author H. P. Lovecraft and others edited by August Derleth. It was released in 1966 by Arkham House in an edition of 3460 copies. The dustjacket is by Frank Utpatel.Some controversy was raised by the publication of the Chalker bibliography (see below) as George T. Wetzel claimed with some plausibility that Chalker had pirated Wetzel's own bibliography of 1955.
 Mobius Dick (2004) is a novel by Andrew Crumey. It features a parallel world in which Nazi Germany invaded Britain and Erwin Schrödinger failed to find the wave equation that bears his name. This world becomes connected to our world due to experiments with quantum computers. The science-fiction plot centres on a mysterious mountain hospital in the Scottish highlands.
 Notices of the American Mathematical Society (often abbreviated as Notices Amer. Math. Soc.) is the membership journal of the American Mathematical Society (AMS) published monthly except for the combined June/July issue. The first volume appeared in 1953. Each issue of the magazine since January 1995 is available in its entirety on the journal web site. Articles are peer-reviewed by an editorial board of mathematical experts. Since 2010 the editor-in-chief is Steven G. Krantz.
 The Monterey County Weekly (formerly the Coast Weekly) is a locally-owned and independent newspaper founded in 1988.Reaching nearly one in three households countywide[citation needed] the Weekly has the highest circulation of any newspaper in the county[citation needed] and has won over 75+ local regional state or national editorial awards.[citation needed] While the reporting is nearly entire local Monterey County Weekly was the only newspaper in the alternative press to send a reporter to the middle east to cover both the Desert Storm war in the early '90s and the Iraq war in early 2003.[citation needed]The Weekly was the first newspaper to go online in the county starting in 1996.[citation needed]The Mission of the organization is to inspire independent thinking and conscious action etc.
 The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists is the first book in The Pirates! series by Gideon Defoe dealing with a hapless crew of pirates. It was published in 2004 by Orion Books (ISBN 0-297-84885-2). The book was adapted into a stop-motion film by Aardman Animations.
 The Room is Harold Pinter's first play written and first produced in 1957.
 Al Quds Al Arabi (Arabic: القدس العربي‎) (English: Arab Jerusalem) is an independent pan-Arab daily newspaper published in London since 1989 and owned by Palestinian expatriates. The paper's motto is (Arabic: يومية سياسية مستقلة‎ daily political independent). Its circulation is estimated to be somewhere between 15000 and 50000.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1953 is a 1953 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1955 under the title The Best Science Fiction Stories: Fourth Series. The stories had originally appeared in 1952 in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Thrilling Wonder Stories Galaxy Science Fiction and Astounding.
 Masters of the Wild: A Guidebook to Barbarians Druids and Rangers is an optional rulebook for the 3rd edition of Dungeons & Dragons and notable for its trade paperback format.
 The Visible Ops Handbook: Implementing ITIL in 4 Practical and Audible Steps (2005) is the first book by IT innovator author and founder of Tripwire Gene Kim. The book was co-authored by Kevin Behr and George Spafford and published by IT Revolution Press in January 2013. The book addresses how to implement a process framework such as ITIL and where to start.
 Hamburger Morgenpost (Hamburg morning post) (also known as Mopo) is a daily German newspaper published in Hamburg in tabloid format.The Hamburger Morgenpost is the second largest newspaper in Hamburg.
 Building a Noble World documents humanity's development in material and spiritual knowledge.
 Death by a Thousand Cuts is a book by the historians Timothy Brook and Gregory Blue and scientific researcher Jérôme Bourgon which examines the use of slow slicing or lingchi a form of torture and capital punishment practised in mid- and late-Imperial China from the tenth century until its abolition in 1905.
 The Wolfen (1978) is the debut novel of Whitley Strieber. It tells the story of two police detectives in New York City who are involved in the investigation of suspicious deaths across the city which are revealed to be the work of a race of intelligent beings descended from wolves called the Wolfen. The novel is told from the point of view of the human characters as well from the Wolfen themselves.A film adaptation directed by Michael Wadleigh and starring Albert Finney was released in 1981.
 La casa (Spanish for The House) is a 1954 novel by Argentine writer Manuel Mujica Laínez.It tells the story of a family living in a stately Buenos Aires mansion from the heyday of Argentina's oligarchy in the 1880s to some time in the post-1946 period the era of Peronist populism seen typically as incarnating the end of History the crisis of modern civilization.The House constitutes not only the narrator but the real protagonist: its inhabitants (including two ghosts) and the encircling wolves are perceived as actors within a living structure a living structure that never ceases to die. 
 Sing You Home is a novel by American novelist Jodi Picoult. It was released on March 1 2011 and tells the story of a lesbian fighting for the right to use frozen embryos created by her and her ex-husband. The novel features a companion soundtrack CD of ten original songs with lyrics by Jodi Picoult and music by her best friend Ellen Wilber. Ellen Wilber also performs the songs on the CD in the voice of the story's main character Zoe.
 Veterinary Record is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of veterinary medicine. It is mainly distributed to members of the British Veterinary Association as part of their membership. It was established in 1888.
 for the French-Malian football (soccer) player and manager see Jean Tiganafor the town in Mali see Tigana MaliTigana (1990) is a fantasy novel by Guy Gavriel Kay set in a fictional country the Peninsula of the Palm that somewhat resembles medieval Italy as well as the Peloponnese in shape.
 Froudacity: West Indian Fables by James Anthony Froude is an 1889 polemic written by John Jacob Thomas as a rebuttal to James Anthony Froude's 1888 book The English in the West Indies. Froude's travelogue attacked the British West Indian colonies for wanting to establish self-government arguing that if the majority black population were allowed to vote on leaders they would choose leaders that would repress the white population.
 The Rajah's Diamond is a cycle of four short stories by Robert Louis Stevenson. First published in 1878 in a serial magazine they were republished in the first volume of New Arabian Nights. The stories are:Story of the BandboxStory of the Young Man in Holy OrdersStory of the House with the Green BlindsThe Adventure of Prince Florizel and a Detective
 Journal of Global Infectious Diseases (ISSN: Print - 0974-777X Online - 0974-8245) is peer-reviewed open access journal published on behalf of the Global Infectiologists Network.
 Cucalón (Spanish for pith helmet) is a Chilean comic book created by Themo Lobos containing complete Mampato adventures (first seen in serialized form in the magazine also called Mampato) as well as other characters and stories.The main series tells the adventures of Chilean boy Mampato whom one day receives a telepathic message from an alien called Xseturlz (Xse) asking for help.
 Notes from Underground (Russian: Записки из подполья Zapiski iz podpol'ya) also translated as Notes from the Underground or Letters from the Underworld is an 1864 novella by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. Notes is considered by many to be the first existentialist novel. It presents itself as an excerpt from the rambling memoirs of a bitter isolated unnamed narrator (generally referred to by critics as the Underground Man) who is a retired civil servant living in St. Petersburg.
 The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún is a narrative poem composed by J. R. R. Tolkien. The book was released worldwide on 5 May 2009 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and HarperCollins.Written by Tolkien during the 1920s and the 1930s inspired by the legend of Sigurd and the fall of the Niflungs from Norse mythology. It is composed in a form of alliterative verse inspired by the traditional poetry of the Poetic Edda compiled in the 13th century.
 A Basket of Leaves is a 2007 collection of essays by Geoff Wisner. It is a literary tour of Africa and there is an essay on a book for all 54 countries on the continent.
 The Miscellaneous Morsels from Youyang (Chinese: 酉阳杂俎; pinyin: Yǒuyáng Zázǔ) is a miscellany of Chinese and foreign legends and hearsay reports on natural phenomena short anecdotes and tales of the wondrous and mundane as well as notes on such topics as medicinal herbs and tattoos.Youyang refers to the south slope of Mount You a small hill located in what is now Huaihua Hunan.
 The Bryan Times is a daily newspaper based in Bryan Ohio.
 Lifeblood is a children's novel by Tom Becker first published in 2007. It is the sequel to Darkside and the second in a planned series of five. Jonathan Starling has remained in Darkside with Elias Carnegie. As with the first story in the series the pair gets drawn into a mystery that soon turns to them trying to solve a murder. They are approached to discover who an unknown victim is.
 Referans was a daily Turkish language business-and-economics newspaper published in Istanbul. It was taken over in 2004 by Aydın Doğan's Doğan Media Group and in 2010 merged with the group's paper Radikal. Its final editor was Eyüp Can.From its foundation until 31 May 2004 it was run by the Financial Forum.
 Hai Bangalore is a mass circulation weekly Kannada language tabloid published in Bangalore. Its editor is journalist Ravi Belagere who received a Karnataka Media Award in 2007. The tabloid articles include reports about scandals scams affairs background politics murders crime to the public eye although the accuracy of the reports is often questionable. Apart from these reports it contains columns and articles about various fields like psychology sports science and cinema news.
 Emotionally Weird is the third novel by Kate Atkinson published in 2000.
 The Creator is a science fiction novelette by author Clifford D. Simak. It was published in book form in 1946 by Crawford Publications in an edition of 500 copies. It had previously appeared in the September 1935 issue of the magazine Marvel Tales.
 8 Nëntori is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Seito Shokun! (生徒諸君! lit. Attention Students!) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yōko Shōji. It is serialized in Kodansha's Shōjo Friend from 1977 to 1984. The individual chapters were published into 24 tankōbon by Kodansha between February 1978 and June 1985. Seito Shokun! received the won the second Kodansha Manga Award in 1978 for the shōjo category.The sequel to the manga Seito Shokun! Kyoshi-hen (生徒諸君!教師編) had its first tankōbon published on April 13 2004.
 Svalbardposten founded in 1948 is a Norwegian weekly paper and online newspaper. It operates from Longyearbyen in Svalbard Norway and is published every Friday. It is the northernmost regularly published newspaper in the world. In 2012 it had a circulation of 2679 copies every week. According to its estimates it has more subscribers than there are people in Svalbard. It has five employees.
 Phantoms is a novel written by best-selling author Dean Koontz first published in 1983. The story is a version of the now-debunked urban legend involving a village mysteriously vanishing at Angikuni Lake.
 Conan the Triumphant is a fantasy novel written by Robert Jordan featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1983 and was reprinted in 1991; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in April 1985 and was reprinted in January 1987 May 1991 and February 2011.
 In Patagonia is an English travel book by Bruce Chatwin published in 1977.
 The Paul Street Boys (Hungarian: A Pál utcai fiúk) is a youth novel by the Hungarian writer Ferenc Molnár first published in 1906.
 Giggle Giggle Quack is a children's book by Doreen Cronin. Illustrated by Betsy Lewin this sequel to Click Clack Moo: Cows That Type tells the story of Farmer Brown's brother Bob who is farm-sitting for the vacationing Farmer Brown. Farmer Brown leaves a to-do list for Bob but Duck is able to get hold of it and write his own list.
 Pretty Little Liars is the first book in the Pretty Little Liars series by Sara Shepard. It tells the story of four girls - Hanna Aria Emily and Spencer - after the disappearance of their clique leader Alison. The book was written for the book packaging company Alloy Entertainment the idea originally developed as a TV series.
 Citizen Cyborg: Why Democratic Societies Must Respond to the Redesigned Human of the Future is a 2004 non-fiction book by bioethicist and sociologist James Hughes which articulates democratic transhumanism as a socio-political ideology and program.The editors of the popular science magazine Scientific American recommended Citizen Cyborg in their April 2005 issue.
 Inside Job is a novella by Connie Willis originally published in the January 2005 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction and later as a hardback by Subterranean Press. In the story a debunker of pseudoscience encounters a fake medium who seems to be genuinely channelling the disruptive spirit of H. L. Mencken. It was the winner of the 2006 Hugo Award for Best Novella.
 Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter Witch (1990) is a World Fantasy Award nominated novel written in collaboration between the English authors Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman. The book is a comedy about the birth of the son of Satan the coming of the End Times and the attempts of the angel Aziraphale and the demon (Anthony J) Crowley to avert them having become accustomed to their comfortable situations in the human world.
 By Way of Deception: The Making and Unmaking of a Mossad Officer claims to be by a former katsa (case officer) in the Israeli Mossad Victor Ostrovsky.
 For the London magazine of the same name see City Limits (magazine)City Limits is a nonprofit media organization based in New York City. For 36 years City Limits published an investigative journalism magazine on civic issues affecting the city's low- and moderate-income communities as well as analysis on national urban policy issues.
 The Sword Thief is the third book in The 39 Clues series. It was written by Peter Lerangis and was published by Scholastic on March 3 2009. The Sword Thief follows the first two books in the series The Maze of Bones by Rick Riordan and One False Note by Gordon Korman. The following book continues the plot in Beyond the Grave
 The Lonely Doll is the first children's book in a series by photographer and author Dare Wright. The story is told through text and photographs. It was first published by Doubleday in 1957 went out of print for years was reissued by Houghton Mifflin in 1998 and brought out by Barnes & Noble for their Nook eReader in 2012. Wright wrote 10 books starring Edith and the bears. The nine that have been reprinted are The Lonely Doll Edith and Mr.
 Side Man is a memory play by Warren Leight. His inspiration was his father Donald who worked as a sideman in jazz parlance a musician for hire who can blend in with the band or star as a solo performer according to what is required by the gig.
 The Ballad of Matthew's Begats (ISBN 978-1-4003-0909-2) is a children's picture book published in 2007 written by Andrew Peterson and illustrated by Cory Godbey. The book is based on the song of the same name from Andrew Peterson's Behold the Lamb of God.
 The Journal of Deaf Studies and Deaf Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering basic and applied research relating to individuals who are deaf including developmental cultural educational and linguistic topics.
 Astronomy & Geophysics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society by Oxford University Press. It was established in 1960 as The Quarterly Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society and changed to its current name in 1997. As of 2012 it is edited by Sue Bowler (University of Leeds).
 Omon Ra (Russian: Омон Ра) is a short novel by the modern Russian writer Victor Pelevin published in 1992 by the Tekst Publishing House in Moscow.
 The Diabetes Educator is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Endocrinology. The journal's editor is James Fain PhD RN BC-ADM FAAN (University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth). It has been in publication since 1980 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the American Association of Diabetes Educators.
 Pssst! Doggie-' is a 1971 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.In this almost wordless book a cat asks a dog to dance. Suddenly we are carried away on a flight of imagination from country to country and from era to era by the humorous antics of the unusual pair on the dance floor.
 Phaedra's Love is a play by British playwright Sarah Kane. It was first performed in 1996 at London's Gate Theatre directed by the author. The play is a modern adaptation of Seneca's Phaedra. The play explores the brutal nature of love social relations nihilism and belief through the example of an affair between a queen and her stepson.It centres more on Hippolytus (the original focuses more on Phaedra) who is rendered lazy and cynical by his upbringing as the son of King Theseus.
 Strange Wine is a 1978 short story collection by Harlan Ellison.
 Darkhouse is a 2005 mystery-detective novel written by Irish author Alex Barclay and published by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom. It is the debut novel of former journalist Alex Barclay and was both a Sunday Times and international best-seller.
 Portugaliae Acta Biologica (ISSN 0874-9035) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes novel research of special significance in all areas of plant biology. The journal contains rich literature about iberian and macaronesian cryptogams and has been published by the Botanical Garden of the University of Lisbon on a quasi-annual basis since 1945. Until 1999 Port. Acta Biol.
 Fifteen is a juvenile fiction novel written by Beverly Cleary. It was first published in 1956. It chronicles the perspective of a teenage girl entering her first romantic relationship. The book captures the innocent spirit of life in the 1950s both through the playfully light storyline and the casual references to convertibles sweaters meeting boys and soda shops.
 Race Evolution and Behavior: A Life History Perspective is a controversial book (first unabridged edition 1995 third unabridged edition 2000) written by J. Philippe Rushton.
 Lesbian Poetry: An Anthology is a 1981 poetry anthology edited by Elly Bulkin and Joan Larkin. It has been called The breakthrough volume for lesbian poetry that reflected early lesbian-feminist concerns with multiculturalism and issues of radical revision of society (race class gender roles and age).
 The Taggerung is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 2001. It is the 14th book in the Redwall series.
 The Daily Ittefaq (Bengali: দৈনিক ইত্তেফাক Doinik Ittefak) is a Bengali daily newspaper. It is one of the most circulated newspapers in Bangladesh. This newspaper is printed by Ittefaq Group of Publications Limited.
 Uncommon Valour is an omnibus edition book containing two historical novels by John Stevens: The Frigate Captain and Broad Pendant. It was published by Jada Press a small vanity press in Florida in June 2005. The two novels written in the epistolary style tell the story of John Sinclair and William Mason two Royal Navy officers during the American Revolution and runs from February through September in 1779.
 Dance of Death is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child published on June 2 2005 by Warner Books. This is the sixth book in the Special Agent Pendergast series. Also this novel is the second book in the Diogenes trilogy: the first book is Brimstone released in 2004 and the last book is The Book of the Dead released in 2006.
 Fail-Safe is a best-selling novel by Eugene Burdick and Harvey Wheeler. The story was initially serialized in three installments in the Saturday Evening Post on October 13 20 and 27 1962 during the Cuban Missile Crisis.The popular and critically acclaimed novel released in late October 1962 was then adapted into a 1964 film of the same name directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Henry Fonda Dan O'Herlihy and Walter Matthau.
 The Year of the Hare (Finnish: Jäniksen vuosi) is a 1975 novel by Finnish author Arto Paasilinna. It tells the story of Kaarlo Vatanen a frustrated journalist who after nearly killing a hare with his car decides to live with the hare in the wilderness.The novel has been translated into over a dozen languages including English French Hungarian Italian Dutch Swedish German Slovenian and Estonian.
 Close to the Ground is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel.
 The Bloomsbury Review (TBR) is a nationally distributed literary magazine founded by Thomas Auer (1953–2003) in Denver Colorado in 1980. It focuses on small regional university and international presses as well as smaller titles from large publishers. Authors Tony Hillerman Wallace Stegner and Clarissa Pinkola Estes have praised it. The magazine received an award for excellence in the arts from the Denver mayor's office in 2008.It is published by Owaissa Communications Company Inc.
 Trends is a series of scientific journals owned by Elsevier that publish review articles in a range of areas of biology. They are currently part of Elsevier's Cell Press group of journals.The Trends series was founded in 1976 with Trends in Biochemical Sciences (TIBS) rapidly followed by Trends in Neurosciences (TINS) Trends in Pharmacological Sciences (TIPS) and Immunology Today.
 The American Journal of Chinese Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Association for Chinese Studies. It covers research in all social science disciplines dealing with Taiwan China and locales with significant Chinese population or influence.
 Lögberg-Heimskringla is a community newspaper serving the Icelandic community in North America. A former weekly it is currently published twice per month in Winnipeg Canada. The newspaper was created in 1959 by the amalgamation of two newspapers the Heimskringla and the Lögberg which had been in publication in North America since the 1880's
 Asian Scientist is a science and technology magazine that was launched as an MIT alumni start-up in March 2011 by the company Asian Scientist Publishing Pte Ltd.Based in Singapore Asian Scientist Magazine is maintained by a team of professional science journalists medical doctors and scientists contributing to it.The magazine's launch reflects the growing demographic of scientists engineers and doctors from Asia and caters to this burgeoning community with news stories that are both timely and of interest to them. 
 Techné: Research in Philosophy and Technology is a peer-reviewed academic journal with a focus on philosophical analysis of technological systems. The journal was established in 1995 as an electronic journal under the sponsorship of the Society for Philosophy and Technology. It is published three times per year and online access to the journal is a benefit of membership in the society. The journal is published for the society by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Doutrina Christam em Lingoa Bramana Canarim (Christian Doctrines in the Canarese Brahmin Language) commonly known as Doutrina Christam or Dovtrina Christam was written and published by Fr.Thomas Stephens (1549–1619) an English Jesuit in 1622.
 Star Wars: Agent of the Empire is an American comic book series set in the Star Wars universe. The series published by Dark Horse Comics is written by John Ostrander and illustrated by Stephane Roux. Set between 3 BBY and 0 BBY the series will follow Imperial Intelligence agent Jahan Cross and his droid assistant IN-GA 44 on undercover assignments for the Empire that will take them to exotic locales. The first issue is to be released in December 2011.
 Abol tabol (Bengali: আবোল তাবোল; About this sound listen ; literally weird and random) is a collection of Bengali children's poems and rhymes composed by Sukumar Ray first published on 19 September 1923 by U. Ray and Sons publishers. It consists of 43 named and 7 unnamed short rhymes all considered to be in the genre of literary nonsense.
 Mumbo Jumbo is a 1972 novel by African-American author Ishmael Reed. Literary critic Harold Bloom cited the novel as one of the 500 most important books in the Western canon. Reed wrote a sequel The Last Days of Louisiana Red published in 1974.
 Infinite Worlds: An Illustrated Voyage to Planets Beyond Our Sun is a nonfiction book by Ray Villard and Lynette Cook about extrasolar planets featuring Lynette Cook's artwork.
 Haunted Love was a horror-romance anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1973 - 1975. It was part of the Gothic Romance comic book mini-trend of the era which included the short-lived DC Comics series The Dark Mansion Of Forbidden Love and The Sinister House of Secret Love and Atlas/Seaboard Comics' one-shot magazine Gothic Romances.
 Oeroeg is the first novel by Hella Haasse. First published anonymously in 1948 it has become one of the best-known Dutch novels and a staple of literary education for many Dutch school children. The novel a Bildungsroman is set in the Dutch East Indies and tells the story of an anonymous narrator growing up on a plantation in the Dutch colony West Java. His childhood friend is a native boy of the same age but of native descent.
 White Fang Goes Dingo and Other Funny SF Stories is a collection of science fiction stories by Thomas M. Disch. It was first published by Compact Books in 1971. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantastic Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine Amazing Stories New Worlds Galaxy Science Fiction Mademoiselle and If.
 Game Plan for Disaster is the 76th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 International Migration Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Center for Migration Studies. The journal was established in 1964 as International Migration Digest. The current editor-in-chief is Ellen Percy Kraly (Colgate University). The journal covers all aspects of international population movements including human migration ethnic group relations and refugee movements.
 The Children's Book is a 2009 novel by British writer A.S. Byatt. It follows the adventures of several inter-related families adults and children from 1895 through World War I. Loosely based upon the life of children's writer E. Nesbit there are secrets slowly revealed that show that the families are much more creatively formed than first guessed.
 The Elseworlds 80-Page Giant is an 80-page collection of Elseworlds stories published by DC Comics. The collection was withdrawn and pulped after DC became concerned about a scene in one of the stories.
 The Mandala of Sherlock Holmes (published in the U.S. as Sherlock Holmes: The Missing Years) is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Jamyang Norbu originally published in India in 1999. The novel is an account of Holmes' adventures in India and Tibet where posing as Norwegian explorer Sigerson he meets the Dalai Lama and Huree Chunder Mookerjee a character from Rudyard Kipling's novel Kim.
 Men in Aida is a homophonic translation of Book One of Homer's Iliad into a farcical bathhouse scenario perhaps alluding to the homoerotic aspects of ancient Greek culture. It was written by the language poet David Melnick and is an example of poetic postmodernism.
 I/S: A Journal of Law and Policy for the Information Society is a law journal covering the intersection of law policy and information technology. The journal is published as a partnership between the Moritz College of Law (Ohio State University) and the Heinz College (Carnegie Mellon University). It was established in 2005 and publishes three issues per year. One issue each year is dedicated to the topics of computer security and privacy. The editors in chief are Peter M.
 One Model Nation is a graphic novel by Jim Rugg and Dandy Warhols frontman Courtney Taylor-Taylor about a fictional 1970s German krautrock band. It was released on 11 November 2009. An accompanying studio album titled Totalwerks Vol. 1 (1969-1977) a fake greatest hits album by the fictional band was released on 31 January 2012.
 Morgunblaðið (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈmɔrkʏnˌplaðɪð] The Morning Paper) is a newspaper published in Iceland founded by Vilhjálmur Finsen & Olaf Björnsson brother to the first president. The first issue only eight pages long was published on 2 November 1913. Six years later in 1919 the corporation Árvakur bought out the company.
 Concrete is the University of East Anglia's student newspaper. With a circulation of up to 5000 Concrete is free and published fortnightly on a Tuesday during term time. The newspaper celebrated its 250th issue in January 2011.Concrete is compiled by a team of around 25 section editors and headed by the editor-in-chief. It is distributed throughout campus and around Norwich as a free pickup newspaper.
 Ancient Egypt is a magazine that deals with the subject of Egyptology. It is published bi-monthly. Ancient Egypt magazine is pitched somewhere between an academic journal and a travel magazine - bringing the spectacular sights of the ancient world together with the latest archaeological discoveries and theories from the world's leading authorities on the subject illustrated with numerous photographs.The magazine has been published bi-monthly in the UK since April 2000.
 Śrīsītārāmakelikaumudī (Hindi: श्रीसीतारामकेलिकौमुदी) (2008) literally The moonlight (elucidation) for the [childhood] pastimes of Sītā and Rāma is a minor poem in the Braja dialect of Hindi (with some verses in Maithili) belonging to the Rītikāvya genre. It was composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950–) in the years 2007 and 2008.
 The Chinese Lake Murders is a gong'an historical mystery novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.This book was originally written by Robert van Gulik sometime between 1953 and 1956.
 Dementia: The International Journal of Social Research and Practice is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of geriatrics. Its editors-in-chief are John Keady (University of Manchester) and Phyllis Braudy Harris (John Carroll University). It was established in 2002 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Middle East African Journal of Ophthalmology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Middle East African Council of Ophthalmology. The journal publishes articles on the subjects of Ophthalmology and vision science.
 The Magician is a novel by British author W. Somerset Maugham originally published in 1908. In this tale the magician Oliver Haddo a caricature of Aleister Crowley attempts to create life. Crowley wrote a critique of this book under the pen name Oliver Haddo where he accused Maugham of plagiarism.Maugham wrote The Magician in London after he had spent some time living in Paris where he met Aleister Crowley.
 Ten de Shōwaru Cupid (てんで性悪キューピッド Ten de Shōwaru Kyūpiddo lit. An Ill-tempered Cupid in Heaven) is a Japanese romantic comedy manga series written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Togashi. It was serialized in the Shueisha magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1989 to 1990. Togashi is best known from his later works YuYu Hakusho and Hunter × Hunter also serialized in the same publication.
 City of Quartz: Excavating the Future in Los Angeles is a 1990 book by Mike Davis examining how contemporary Los Angeles has been shaped by different powerful forces in its history. The book opens with Davis visiting the ruins of the socialist community of Llano organized in 1914 in what is now the Antelope Valley north of Los Angeles.
 Ensamma mamman (single mom) is a Swedish comic strip created by Cecilia Torudd. Ensamma mamman first made a brief appearance in Dagens Nyheter in 1985. It was well received by the readers and returned in 1987 as a fixed feature. Torudd continued drawing it until 1991 when it was syndicated by Bull and it has since been rerun in many newspapers.
 Gravity's Angels is a collection of science fiction stories by author Michael Swanwick. It was released in 1991 and was the author's first book published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 4119 copies. The stories originally appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine Omni and other magazines.
 Mindkiller is a 1982 novel by science fiction writer Spider Robinson. The novel set in the late 1980s (re-edited later to begin in 2006) explores the social implications of technologies to manipulate the brain beginning with wireheading the use of electrical current to stimulate the pleasure center of the brain in order to achieve a narcotic high.
 Cop Hater (1956) is the first 87th Precinct police procedural novel by Ed McBain. The murder of three detectives in quick succession in the 87th Precinct leads Detective Steve Carella on a search that takes him into the city's underworld and ultimately to a .45 automatic aimed straight at his head.Written by Evan Hunter using the name Ed McBain the book was inspired by a television show he greatly admired Dragnet.
 EPIDEMIOLOGY is a bi-monthly peer-reviewed journal for epidemiologic research published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The journal publishes original research from all fields of epidemiology as well as review articles meta-analyses novel hypotheses descriptions and applications of new methods and discussions of research theory and public health policy. It is the official journal of the International Society for Environmental Epidemiology (ISEE).
 Yōtōden (戦国奇譚妖刀伝 Sengoku Kitan Yōtōden A Warring States Legend of the Demon Blades) is a Japanese historical fantasy novel by Takeshi Narumi. In 1987 the novel was adapted into a 3-episode original video animation by J.C.Staff. In 1989 Yotoden was re-edited into the feature film titled Wrath of the Ninja for English-speaking regions. A manga version was created as well.
 Traitor's Moon is the third book in Lynn Flewelling's Nightrunner series. It is preceded by Luck in the Shadows and Stalking Darkness and followed by Shadows Return and The White Road.Master spies Seregil and Alec are no strangers to peril. Their assignments nightrunning for wizards and nobles have led them into many deadly situations. But sometimes the greatest danger can lurk beneath a....
 Al Bayrak (in Arabic البيرق meaning The Flag) was an Arabic newspaper published in Lebanon and headquartered in Beirut. It was one of the leading and oldest Arabic papers of the country. After being published for a century the paper was ceased in 2011.
 Chicago Poems is a 1916 collection of poetry by Carl Sandburg his first by a mainstream publisher.Sandburg moved to Chicago in 1912 after living in Milwaukee where he had served as secretary to Emil Seidel Milwaukee's Socialist mayor. Harriet Monroe a fellow resident of Chicago had recently founded the magazine Poetry at around this time.
 The Journal of the Royal Statistical Society is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of statistics. It comprises three series and is published by Blackwell Publishing for the Royal Statistical Society.
 King of the Rattling Spirits is a novel by Miha Mazzini. It was first published in Slovenia in 2001 with a second edition in 2008 and third edition in 2011 under the title of 'Kralj ropotajočih duhov'. The author has explored other ways to tell the fictionalized autobiographic story before the novel.
 Deadline is the second book in the Newsflesh Trilogy written by Seanan McGuire under the penname Mira Grant and published by Orbit Books.A Science fiction/horror novel set after a zombie apocalypse and written from the perspective of blog journalist Shaun Mason Deadline delves deeper into the conspiracy unveiled during the events of the previous book Feed while depicting Shaun's attempts to deal with the loss of his sister Georgia.
 Love and Glory (ISBN 0-385-29261-9) is a 1983 novel by Robert B. Parker. The story is told in the first person by Boone Adams. It is a coming-of-age and love story. There is explicit and implicit reference to and imitation of The Great Gatsby. Parker originally intended a combination novel and time capsule.
 Southland is a Los Angeles Times best-selling[citation needed] novel and Best book of 2003 by Nina Revoyr. It focuses on quest for the past and present of racial justice in Los Angeles. The novel is also a Book Sense 76 pick an Edgar Award finalist and the winner of the Ferro-Grumley Award and the Lambda Literary Award. Publishers Weekly called it Compelling...
 What to Expect When You're Expecting is a pregnancy guide now in its fourth edition written by Heidi Murkoff and Sharon Mazel and published by Workman Publishing. Originally published in 1984 the book consistently tops The New York Times Best Seller list in the paperback advice category is one of USA Today's 25 Most Influential Books of the past 25 years and has been described as the bible of American pregnancy. As of 2008 over 14.5 million copies were in print.
 Le Québécois (French pronunciation: ​[lə kebəˈkwa]) is a political newspaper based in Quebec City. Founded in 2001 it is a medium of the Quebec sovereignty movement. The newspaper also has a militant wing the Réseau de Résistance du Québécois.
 Il Vernacoliere is an Italian monthly satirical magazine based in Livorno Tuscany founded in 1982 by editor-director Mario Cardinali. The periodical started to operate as a successor of the pre-existing Livornocronaca first issued in 1961. Il Vernacoliere is characterised by its absence of advertising its satirical style and for the widespread use of the dialect of Livorno.
 Vanishing Africa is the title of the 1982 English-language translation of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 'Mein Afrika' an illustrations book published in the same year in Germany. It was published by Harmony Books in the United States.
 Love Not Human is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Ace Books in 1981. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Galaxy Science Fiction Startling Stories Fantastic Fantasy and Science Fiction Universe Analog Science Fiction and Fact and Amazing Stories.
 Assawt (in Arabic الصوت meaning The Voice) also known as Al Sawt was an Arabic language newspaper based in Kuwait.
 Shorter Views is a 2000 collection of essays on race sexuality science fiction and the art of writing by author professor and critic Samuel R. Delany.
 Health Services Research is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal published bimonthly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Health Research and Educational Trust. In addition it is an official journal of AcademyHealth. The editors-in-chief are José J. Escarce (University of California Los Angeles) and Jacqueline S. Zinn (Temple University).
 Death Times Three is a collection of Nero Wolfe novellas by Rex Stout published posthumously by Bantam Books in 1985. It is the only collection of Stout's Nero Wolfe stories not to have appeared first in hardcover. The book contains three stories one never before published: Bitter End first printed in the November 1940 issue of The American Magazine and collected in the limited-edition volume Corsage: A Bouquet of Rex Stout (1977).
 My Country My Life is an autobiographical book by L. K. Advani an Indian politician who served as the Deputy Prime Minister of India from 2002 to 2004 and was the Leader of the Opposition in the 15th Lok Sabha.The book was released on 19 March 2008 by Abdul Kalam the eleventh President of India. The book has 1040 pages and narrates autobiographical accounts and events in the life of Advani.
 SciFiNow is a British magazine published every four weeks by Imagine Publishing in Bournemouth United Kingdom covering the science fiction horror and fantasy genres. It launched in April 2007. The magazine features genre TV shows films and culture of the past present and future including TV listings. In 2010 SciFiNow won the Best Magazine award at the Fantasy Horror Award ceremony in Orvieto Italy.
 Xclusive Magazine is Ireland's only multicultural celebrity magazine. It is published in the first week of every month.
 The Incomparable Max is a play by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee. It is based on the stories Enoch Soames and A.V. Laider in Seven Men by Max Beerbohm.Enoch Soames is a minor poet who makes a pact with the devil to spend a few hours in the library of the British Museum one hundred years in the future to learn how history will regard him. There he finds the only mention of his name is in a short story written by Max Beerbohm. A.V.
 The Pet Goat (often erroneously called My Pet Goat) is a children's story from the book Reading Mastery II: Storybook 1 by Siegfried Engelmann and Elaine C. Bruner. It gained attention when on September 11 2001 U.S. President George W. Bush was read the story by children at Emma T. Booker school in Sarasota where it was part of a larger reading lesson. According to Bush's statements after the story was read regarding the story there is more to come.
 The Journal of Social Development in Africa is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on social development issues as they affect the poor and marginalized in Sub-Saharan Africa.
 Six Chix is a collaborative comic strip distributed by King Features Syndicate since it debuted in January 2000.
 Rahul Dravid: Timeless Steel is an anthological biography about Indian cricketer Rahul Dravid published in 2012 by The Walt Disney Company India Pvt. Ltd. and ESPN Cricinfo. It compiles 24 articles written about Dravid before and during 2012 the year when he announced his retirement from international cricket.
 The Connecticut Mirror is a nonprofit media organization in Connecticut in the United States. It is headquartered in Hartford Connecticut. The online-only newspaper focuses on the public policy implications of issues in the state. It is the sole outlet of the Connecticut News Project.The Mirror has 10 full- and part-time staff members including one in Washington D.C.
 Star Over Bethlehem is an illustrated book of poetry and short stories on a religious theme by crime writer Agatha Christie. It was published under the name Agatha Christie Mallowan (whose only other book to be published under this by-line was the 1946 short autobiography Come Tell Me How You Live).
 Satantango (Hungarian: Sátántangó tr. Satan's Tango) is a 1985 novel by the Hungarian writer László Krasznahorkai. It is Krasznahorkai's debut novel. It was adapted into a 7-hour long film Sátántangó (1994) directed by Béla Tarr. The English translation by George Szirtes won the Best Translated Book Award (2013).
 The Glory That Was is a science fiction novel by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the science fiction magazine Startling Stories for April 1952 and subsequently published in book form in hardcover by Avalon Books in 1960 and in paperback by Paperback Library in 1971. It has since been reprinted by Ace Books (1979) and Baen Books (1992).
 Return of the Crimson Guard is the second fantasy novel by Canadian author Ian Cameron Esslemont set in the world of the Malazan Book of the Fallen co-created with Esselmont's friend and colleague Steven Erikson. Chronologically Return of the Crimson Guard takes place after the events in Erikson's sixth Malazan novel The Bonehunters.
 The Journal of Higher Criticism was a peer-reviewed academic journal covering issues dealing with historical literary and history-of-religion issues from the perspective of higher criticism published by the Institute for Higher Critical Studies. The editor-in-chief was Robert M.
 Saint Joan of the Stockyards (German: Die Heilige Johanna der Schlachthöfe) is a play written by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht between 1929 and 1931 after the success of his musical The Threepenny Opera and during the period of his radical experimental work with the Lehrstücke. It is based on the musical that he co-authored with Elisabeth Hauptmann Happy End (1929).
 The Prophet Murders (Peygamber Cinayetleri in Turkish) is a Turkish detective fiction novel by Mehmet Murat Somer originally published in Turkish by İletişim Yayınları in 2003 and in English by Serpent's Tail in 2008. It is the first published entry in the author’s Hop-Çiki-Yaya series about an unnamed transvestite amateur detective in Istanbul.
 An Introduction to Karl Marx is a 1986 book about Karl Marx by Jon Elster that analyzes Marx's ideas from the standpoint of rational choice theory.
 Fashionable Nonsense: Postmodern Intellectuals' Abuse of Science (French: Impostures Intellectuelles) published in the UK as Intellectual Impostures is a book by Alan Sokal and Jean Bricmont.
 The Time Wanderers (also known as The Waves Extinguish the Wind; Russian: Волны гасят ветер Volny gasiat veter) is a 1985 science fiction novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky set in the Noon Universe. The book is narrated by Maxim Kammerer and tells the story of The Great Revelation.
 Zero was a Spanish gay magazine. It was published monthly and features opinion gay news articles interviews and tourism.
 Cosmopolis is Don DeLillo's thirteenth novel. It was published by Scribner on April 14 2003.
 The Weird: A Compendium of Strange and Dark Stories is an anthology of weird fiction edited by Ann and Jeff VanderMeer. Published on 8 May 2012 it contains 110 short stories novellas and short novels. At 1152 pages in the hardcover edition it is probably the largest single volume of fantastic fiction ever published according to Locus.
 Così is a play by Australian playwright Louis Nowra which was first performed in 1992 at the Belvoir St Theatre in Sydney Australia. Set in a Melbourne mental hospital in 1971 Così is semi-autobiographical and is the sequel to his previous semi-autobiographical play Summer of the Aliens.The play was adapted into the 1996 film Cosi.
 Shion no Ō (しおんの王 lit. Shion's King) subtitled The Flowers of Hard Blood is a Japanese mystery manga written by Masaru Katori and illustrated by Jiro Ando. It is published by Kodansha in the seinen manga magazine Afternoon and is collected in eight bound volumes. It has been adapted as a twenty-two episode anime television series by Studio Deen which aired in Japan between October 2007 and March 2008.
 The Phoenix Tree is a 1984 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary set in Japan during the last days of World War II.
 The Whipping Boy is a Newbery medal-winning children's book by Sid Fleischman published in 1987.
 Imadoki! (イマドキ!) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yuu Watase. The manga is five volumes long. It has been licensed in North America by Viz Media.
 Meg and Seron (メグとセロン Megu to Seron) is a Japanese light novel adventure series by Keiichi Sigsawa with illustrations by Kohaku Kuroboshi starring Meg a supporting character from Lillia and Treize. The first novel was released on March 10 2008 published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko label.
 Frontiers is an academic publisher of peer-reviewed open access journals currently active in the STM (science technology and medicine) fields.The project was started in 2007 by a group of active scientists within the Neuroscience community and it expanded to other academic fields. Frontiers was founded by Henry Markram and Kamila Markram scientists at the EPFL in Switzerland.
 The Poughkeepsie Journal is a newspaper based in Poughkeepsie New York owned by the Gannett Company which bought the paper in 1977.
 Mazinger Angels (マジンガーエンジェル Majinga Enjeru) is a manga series which began in 2004 and chronicles the adventures of four women who pilot giant robots in the Mazinger vein. The concept is a spoof on the late 70's and early 80's popular TV series Charlie's Angels. It was originally published in Kodansha's Magazine Z starting in 26 June 2004 (#2004-08) and ending in 25 November 2006 (#2007-01).
 The Entomologisk tidskrift (English: Entomological journal) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Entomological Society of Sweden (Swedish: Sveriges Entomologiska Förening) covering research on entomology with an emphasis on Sweden and the other Nordic countries. It was established 1880 and is currently published triannually. The editor-in-chief is Mats Jonsell (Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences).
 The Soldiers of Halla is the tenth and final book in the Pendragon Adventure series by D. J. MacHale. It concludes the battle between the Travelers and Saint Dane. The title was revealed by D. J. MacHale on December 9 2008 and was taken from a closing line in the preceding book Raven Rise. The jacket cover was revealed on March 3 2009; the book itself was released on May 12 2009.
 Journal of Biological Inorganic Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal. It is an official publication of the Society of Biological Inorganic Chemistry and published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 The Journal of Food Processing and Preservation is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research into food processing and preservation. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell. The journal moved to online-only publication in 2011.
 Adventure Comics was an American comic book series published by DC Comics from 1938 to 1983 and revived from 2009 to 2011. In its first era the series ran for 503 issues (472 of those after the title changed from New Adventure Comics) making it the fifth-longest-running DC series behind Detective Comics Action Comics Superman and Batman.
 The World of William Clissold is a 1926 novel by H. G. Wells published initially in three volumes. The first volume was published in September to coincide with Wells's sixtieth birthday and the second and third volumes followed at monthly intervals.
 The Revolution Script (1971) is a fictionalised account by Northern Irish-Canadian novelist Brian Moore of the kidnapping by the Quebec Liberation Front of James Cross the Senior British Trade Commissioner in Montreal on October 5 1970 and the murder a few days later of Pierre Laporte Minister of Labour in the Quebec provincial government.
 Molvanîa (subtitled A Land Untouched by Modern Dentistry) is a book parodying travel guidebooks. The guide describes the fictional country Molvanîa in Eastern Europe a nation described as the birthplace of the whooping cough and owner of Europe's oldest nuclear reactor. It was created by Australians Tom Gleisner Santo Cilauro and Rob Sitch (locally known for The D-Generation and The Panel in Australia).
 Guardian Hearts (がぁーでぃあんHearts) is a romantic comedy manga created by Sae Amatsu which was released in 2001. It belongs to the harem type of manga where one boy is romantically pursued by several girls. What is unusual for this series is that each girl has a different origin and motivation as opposed to all being of the same or similar type. An OVA series was released in 2003 with three sets of episodes. Two years later a new OVA series was released named Guardian Hearts - Power Up.
 The Daily Independent is a daily newspaper serving La Junta Colorado United States published Mondays through Fridays. It is owned by GateHouse Media.
 Maggie Goes on a Diet is a children's book by Paul Kramer about weight management in childhood aimed towards children aged 6–12. According to WorldCat the book is held in 22 libraries as of February 2014.
 Transformers: Retribution is a fantasy-adventure novel by David J. Williams and Mark S. Williams. It is final installment of the trilogy which consists of this novel Transformers: Exodus (the first novel) and Transformers: Exiles (the second novel) and exists in the same continuity as Transformers: Prime and Transformers: War for Cybertron.
 Piranha to Scurfy is a short story collection by British writer Ruth Rendell published in 2000. The collection takes its unusual name from the first story featured which itself is named after a volume of the Encyclopædia Britannica.
 Nobody Nowhere: The Extraordinary Autobiography of an Autistic Girl is the award-nominated debut book by Australian Donna Williams. It was initially published in Britain in 1992 and was on the New York Times Best Seller list for 15 weeks in the first half of 1993.Nobody Nowhere covers Williams' life from as far back as she can remember (three years old).
 A Thousand Barrels a Second: The Coming Oil Break Point and the Challenges Facing an Energy Dependent World is a 2007 book by Canadian energy economist and columnist Peter Tertzakian that describes the multiple pressures forcing an upending of oil’s dominant role in the global energy supply mix and conjectures about how economic social and technological innovation will drive the inevitable adjustment process.
 The Angels Weep is a 1982 novel the third in Wilbur Smith's series about the Ballantyne family of Rhodesia. The first part of the book is set immediately before and during the Second Matabele War then the second part jumps forward to the final days of the Rhodesian Bush War.
 Castles of Steel: Britain Germany and the Winning of the Great War at Sea is a work of non-fiction by Pulitzer Prize-winner Robert K. Massie. It details the naval actions of the First World War with an emphasis on those of the United Kingdom and Imperial Germany. This book continues the examination of the naval arms race between these two powers in Massie's tome Dreadnought: Britain Germany and the coming of the Great War.
 Crush is a four-issue comic book mini-series created in 2003 by Jason Hall (writer) and Sean Murphy (artist) and published by Dark Horse Comics.
 Zero Hour: Crisis in Time! is a five-issue comic book limited series and crossover storyline published by DC Comics in 1994. In it the former hero Hal Jordan who had until then been a member of the intergalactic police force known as the Green Lantern Corps mad with grief after the destruction of his home town of Coast City (during the Reign of the Supermen storyline) and having obtained immense power as Parallax attempted to destroy and then remake the DC Universe.
 The Masters of the Universe media franchise has been featured in several comic book series. Most were small publications known as minicomics that were included as bonuses in action figure packages. Stand-alone comic book series were also published by DC Marvel Comics and Image Comics.
 Delhi: A Novel (published 1990) is a historical novel by Indian writer Khushwant Singh.
 The Illuminatus! Trilogy is a series of three novels written by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson first published in 1975. The trilogy is a satirical postmodern science fiction-influenced adventure story; a drug- sex- and magic-laden trek through a number of conspiracy theories both historical and imaginary related to the authors' version of the Illuminati. The narrative often switches between third and first person perspectives and jumps around in time.
 Bookseller+Publisher magazine (formerly Australian Bookseller & Publisher) is the journal of the Australian book industry and is one of Australia's oldest surviving magazines. The magazine contains book news author interviews category round-ups and features on forthcoming books and pre-publication reviews of Australian and New Zealand books.
 Honey Honey no Suteki na Bouken (ハニーハニーのすてきな冒険 Hanī Hanī no Suteki na Bōken lit. Honey Honey's Wonderful Adventures) is a shōjo manga by Hideko Mizuno first published in 1968 and made into a 29-episode anime TV series in 1981 by Kokusai Eiga (Movie International Company Ltd.). The anime was released in the English language in the United States as Honey Honey and also broadcast in various European countries and in Latin America.
 The Progress of Love is a book of short stories by Alice Munro published by McClelland and Stewart in 1986. It won the 1986 Governor General's Award for English Fiction her third win of that award.The book was originally contracted to Macmillan of Canada the publisher of Munro's previous two books.
 Silicon is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer and founded in 2009 by editor in chief Stephen Clarson. It deals with all aspects of silicon. Published research involves materials biology materials physics materials chemistry materials engineering and environmental science. The journal caters to chemists physicists engineers biologists and environmental scientists.
 The Mangan Inheritance published in 1979 is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore.
 Demons Don't Dream is the sixteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.The Companions of Xanth computer game was marketed in a box set along with this novel. The game and novel share a storyline in which Kim and Dug two Mundane teenagers play a mysterious computer game that magically transports them to the realm of Xanth to compete for a one-of-a-kind prize: a magical talent. In the actual computer game Companions of Xanth the player assumes the role of Dug.
 The Kingslayer is a collection of science fiction short stories by author L. Ron Hubbard. It was first published in 1949 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1200 copies. The title story first appeared in this collection. The other stories had previously appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 The Key West Citizen is a daily newspaper published in Key West Florida USA. The newspaper is the result of the amalgamations of several related publications in the early years of the 20th century becoming the Key West Citizen on April 29 1905 when the first weekly edition rolled off the presses at 534 Front St. announcing the coming of Flagler's Overseas Railroad to Key West.
 And the Land Lay Still is the fourth novel by Scottish novelist and poet James Robertson. Upon publication in 2010 it was widely praised for its breadth of exploration of Scottish society in the latter half of the 20th century.
 The National Perspective is one of Belize's five national newspapers and the only one not to operate from Belize City having its headquarters in Belmopan.The Perspective was formed in August 2008 and is thought to represent the views of a certain section of the Opposition People's United Party (PUP); however it considers itself independent.
 This book adventures of The Brown Girl in her search for God  written by Mr & Mrs I.I.Kazi is a sequel to The Black Girl in search of God written by Bernard Shaw.
 Beggars Banquet is the second collection of short stories by crime writerIan Rankin.It features 21 stories written between 1991 and 2000. The collection features the novella Death Is Not the End which was later expanded into the novelDead Souls.
 Iranica Antiqu is a scholarly journals publishing articles on ancient Iran in its broadest sense. The journal was established by Iranist Roman Ghirshman and Louis Vanden Berghe in 1961. The journal is edited by the Department for Near Eastern Art and Archaeology at Gent University Belgium.
 A Visit from the Goon Squad (2010) is a work of fiction by American author Jennifer Egan. It won the 2010 National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction and the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.Most of the stories in A Visit from the Goon Squad concern Bennie Salazar an aging rock music executive; his onetime assistant Sasha; and their various friends and associates.
 Great Cities of the Ancient World is a 1972 history book by L. Sprague de Camp published by Doubleday. A translation into German has also appeared.The work is a study of the ethnology history geography and everyday life in such famous ancient capital cities as Thebes Jerusalem Nineveh Tyre Babylon Memphis Athens Syracuse Alexandria Anuradhapura Rome Pataliputra and Constantinople.
 Stop Pretending: What Happened When My Big Sister Went Crazy (1999) is a novel in verse by Sonya Sones. The free-verse novel follows Cookie a thirteen-year-old girl whose older sister is hospitalized on Christmas Eve when she has an intense breakdown that is eventually diagnosed as manic depression. The novel is loosely based on Sones’ own journals from her childhood when her own sister went through the same treatment.
 The GW Hatchet is an independent student newspaper at The George Washington University. Founded in 1904 it is the second-oldest newspaper in the District of Columbia behind only The Washington Post.
 The Tribune-Democrat is a seven-day morning daily newspaper published in Johnstown Pennsylvania. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The newspaper's coverage area includes all or parts of Blair Bedford Cambria Indiana Somerset and Westmoreland counties in Pennsylvania.Founded as the weekly Cambria Tribune in 1853 the newspaper converted to afternoon daily format in 1873 taking the name Johnstown Tribune.
 College & Research Libraries is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Association of College and Research Libraries. It was established in December 1939 and was published quarterly for its first 18 years and bimonthly since 1956. It publishes articles that are intended to help academic librarians to build an intellectual framework to serve the needs of collegiate users.
 Psychomech is a horror novel written by Brian Lumley and published by Panther Books in 1984. This book is approximately 334 pages in length and focuses on the events in the life of Richard Garrison a corporal in the British Royal Military Police after meeting Thomas Schroeder a rich German industrialist. The novel focuses heavily on the idea of extra-sensory perception (ESP).
 For Procopius's Secret History see Procopius.The Secret History the first novel by Mississippi-born writer Donna Tartt was published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1992.
 The Athol Daily News is a small six-day daily (Monday through Saturday) newspaper in north central Massachusetts. Based in the town of Athol the newspaper also covers the rural towns of Erving New Salem Orange Petersham Phillipston Royalston Warwick and Wendell Massachusetts.
 No Matter How Much You Promise to Cook or Pay the Rent You Blew It Cauze Bill Bailey Ain't Never Coming Home Again is a 2003 novel by Edgardo Vega Yunqué. The author has called it a jazz novel.Bill Bailey is set in New York City in the 1980s and tells the saga of Vidamía Farrell. Her father whom she first meets when she is 12 is a bohemian Irish-American who gave up music after losing two fingers and some of his sanity in Vietnam.
 Three Weeks with My Brother is a book written by Nicholas Sparks and his brother Micah.This book is an account of their three-week trip around the globe as well as the memories of their family life from childhood to adulthood. As the only surviving members of their family the two brothers embarked on this journey to visit the wonders of the world. However on this journey they discovered themselves. They discovered the truth about life loss and love.
 Touch and Go: The Complete Hardcore Punk Zine '79–'83 is a 576-page trade paperback book containing all 22 issues of the Touch and Go Punk zine a punk magazine that chronicled the early hardcore punk and post punk scenes.The book consists of the writings of Tesco Vee and Dave Stimson - the founders and designers of the Touch and Go zine - which eventually evolved into Touch and Go Records owned by Corey Rusk.
 Raising a Father is an American memoir written by Arjun Sen and published by iUniverse in 2009. Sen wrote it as a Christmas gift for his daughter Raka Sen. The book focuses on Sen's relationship with his daughter beginning when she was eight years old. Raising a Father is widely regarded as inspirational writing that helps other fathers understand the needs of their children and how to have a strong relationship with them.
 Hellboy Junior is a Dark Horse Comics Halloween one-shot and two-issue comic book mini-series by Bill Wray and Mike Mignola that features a younger version of the fictional character Hellboy.
 The Story of Islamic Imperialism in India is a book that was published by publisher and historian Sita Ram Goel under his Voice of India imprint in 1982. The second revised edition was published in 1994.Goel describes the history of the Islamic invasions of India and its role in contemporary Indian politics.
 A Fatal Grace by Louise Penny is the second novel in the Three Pines Mysteries series which feature Inspector Armand Gamache.
 Damekko Dōbutsu (だめっこどうぶつ lit. Useless Animals) is a manga series by Noriko Kuwata serialized in Manga Life since the November 2001 issue. It was later adapted into a comedy anime series on Kids Station a Japanese broadcast satellite station. It features characters that wear kigurumi costumes. Each character in the anime does not live up to the standards of their species making them outcasts who must live in the Useless Forest.
 Aeroplane Magazine (formerly The Aeroplane and Aeroplane Monthly) is a British magazine devoted to aviation history and preservation. It was founded in 1911.
 Adab wa Naqd (Literature and Criticism in English) is a monthly Arabic literary magazine published in Egypt.
 Machine Learning is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1986.In 2001 forty editors and members of the editorial board of Machine Learning resigned in order to found the Journal of Machine Learning Research (JMLR) saying that in the era of the internet it was detrimental for researchers to continue publishing their papers in expensive journals with pay-access archives.
 Cautionary Tales for Children: Designed for the Admonition of Children between the ages of eight and fourteen years is a 1907 children's book written by Hilaire Belloc. It is a parody of the cautionary tales that were popular in the 19th century.
 Rocks of Ages: Science and Religion in the Fullness of Life is a 1999 book about the relationship between science and religion by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. First published by Ballantine Books it was reprinted by Vintage Books. The book is a volume in the series The Library of Contemporary Thought.
 X-Kai- is a Japanese shōjo manga by Asami Tohjoh. It was serialized in the manga magazine Eyes Comics published by Homesha and the chapters were collected into two tankōbon. X-Kai was licensed for release in English by Tokyopop. X-Kai is not explicitly shōnen-ai but the main character sometimes seduces his targets in order to get close to them and in the second volume the main character shares an intimate kiss with a male childhood friend.
 Blueprint is official student yearbook of the Georgia Institute of Technology. It was established in 1908 as The Blue Print and is the second oldest student organization on campus.
 Please Understand Me: Character and Temperament Types is a psychology book written by David Keirsey and Marilyn Bates which focuses on the classification and categorization of personality types. The book contains a self-assessed personality questionnaire known as the Keirsey Temperament Sorter which links human behaviourial patterns to four temperaments and sixteen character types.
 Field & Stream (F&S for short) is a magazine featuring hunting fishing and other outdoor activities in the United States. Together with Sports Afield and Outdoor Life it is considered one of the Big Three of American outdoor publishing.Founded in 1895 by John P. Burkhard and Henry Wellington Wack the magazine has a readership of approximately 1 million.
 IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society which publishes articles concerning technology related to the mobility of users systems data and computing. It is especially interested in nomadic computing multimedia applications mobile data and knowledge management and mobile communication systems and networking. The impact factor is 2.395 (2012) eigenfactor 0.01424 and article influence score 1.406.
 Paleontological Journal (Russian: Paleontologicheskii Zhurnal) is a monthly peer-reviewed Russian journal of paleontology established in 1967. It focuses on the paleontology and the fossil records of Eastern Europe and Asia. Articles are published simultaneously in Russian and English.The journal is edited by Alexei Yu. Rozanov and published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica.
 Zen in the Art of Archery is a short book written by Eugen Herrigel which brought Zen to Europe after World War II. The book was first published in 1948 in Germany.
 The Unnamable is a short story by science fiction and horror author H. P. Lovecraft. It was written in September of 1923 and was first published in the July 1925 issue of Weird Tales.
 The Wilson Quarterly is a magazine published by the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington D.C. The magazine was founded in 1976 by Peter Braestrup and James H. Billington. The Quarterly is noted for its nonpartisan nonideological approach to current issues with articles written from various perspectives.
 Cable & Deadpool was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics beginning in 2004. The title characters Cable and Deadpool shared the focus of the book. The series was launched following the cancellation of the characters' previous ongoing solo series. The book's mix of humor action and intricate plotting have won it a devoted fanbase.
 The Speeches of Adolf Hitler April 1922 – August 1939 were published in two volumes by the Oxford University Press in 1942 under the auspices of the Royal Institute of International Affairs.The foreword is by the Chairman of the Council at the time Waldorf Astor 2nd Viscount Astor.Being a collection of representative passages arranged under subjects the speeches are neither complete self-contained nor necessarily in chronological order.
 Pebble in the Sky is a science fiction novel by American writer Isaac Asimov published in 1950. This work is his first novel — parts of the Foundation series had appeared from 1942 onwards in magazines but Foundation was not published in book form until 1951. The original Foundation books are also a string of linked episodes whereas this is a complete story involving a single group of characters.
 Up and Down the Scratchy Mountains is a 2008 children's novel by Laurel Snyder.
 Redemption is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: History can repeat itself.
 Pimpernel and Rosemary is a novel by Baroness Emmuska Orczy originally published in 1924. It is set after the First World War and features Peter Blakeney a descendant of the Scarlet Pimpernel (Percy Blakeney). The action is mainly set amongst the disaffected Hungarian nobility in Transylvania allowing Orczy to draw on her knowledge of Hungarian history and politics.
 Scenes of Clerical Life is the title under which George Eliot's first published fictional work a collection of three short stories was released in book form and the first of her works to be released under her famous pseudonym. The stories were first published in Blackwood's Magazine over the course of the year 1857 initially anonymously before being released as a two-volume set by Blackwood and Sons in January 1858.
 Three to See the King the third novel by Booker Prize-shortlisted author Magnus Mills published in 2001 is part parable and part speculative fiction.Written after the success of his first book The Restraint of Beasts brought him into the media limelight Three to See the King started out in part as a project to prove to himself that he could be a full-time writer.
 The McCook Daily Gazette is a newspaper published in the city of McCook in the southwestern part of the state of Nebraska in the Great Plains region of the United States. It serves southwestern Nebraska and northwestern Kansas. The newspaper is issued five days a week Monday through Friday afternoons. As of 2011 it had a circulation of 4564.The paper was founded in 1911 by Harry D. Strunk and Burris H. Stewart as the Red Willow Gazette.
 The Portuguese Journal of Social Science is a multidisciplinary English-language peer-reviewed academic journal published twice each year by ISCTE – Lisbon University Institute. It covers research by Portuguese scholars or which concerns Portugal or is being conducted as part of a project involving Portuguese institutions and organisations.
 Have a Nice Day!: A Tale of Blood and Sweatsocks is an autobiography of former wrestler Mick Foley. It details his life all the way from his upbringing in New York to winning the WWF Championship from The Rock in December 1998. Foley had originally wanted the book to be called simply Blood Sweat and Socks but this was eschewed in favor of his long-time catchphrase Have a Nice Day! with the former being worked into the sub-title.
 Debt: The First 5000 Years is a book by anthropologist David Graeber published in 2011. Graeber analyzes the function of debt in human history. He traces the history of debt from ancient civilizations to our modern-day economic crises arguing that debt has often driven revolutions and social and political changes. The book has been connected to movements like Occupy Wall Street.
 After the Wreck I Picked Myself Up Spread My Wings and Flew Away is a young adult novel written by Joyce Carol Oates. First published in 2006 it is her fifth novel for teens.
 The Convent of Hell is an erotic graphic novel published in the United States by NBM Publishing in 1997. It was written by Ricardo Barreiro and drawn by Ignacio Noe.
 Asian Cardiovascular and Thoracic Annals is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the fields of cardiology and cardiovascular medicine. The editor-in-chief is A. Sampath Kumar (Pushpanjali Crosslay Hospital). It was established in 1998 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Asian Society for Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgery.
 Don't Call Me Ishmael is a young adult novel by Australian author Michael Gerard Bauer. It is about Ishmael Leseur a 14-year-old boy and his experiences in Year Nine of school. It won the 2008 award for children's literature at Writers' Week Australia's oldest writers' festival. It was short-listed for the Children's Book Council of Australia's Book of the Year award in the older reader category in 2007.
 Ardealul (English: Transylvania) was a weekly newspaper from Chişinău the Moldavian Republic founded by Onisifor Ghibu in October 1917. Initially the newspaper was published weekly later appeared three times a week. After January 1918 its successor was the daily newspaper România Nouă.
 New Jersey Monthly is a monthly glossy publication featuring issues of possible interest to residents of the United States state of New Jersey.
 The Ramsay Scallop is a young adult historical romance written by Frances Temple. It is set around 1300 and involves a pilgrimage to the shrine of St. James of Compostella. The novel was first published in 1994.
 The Laconia Daily Sun is a five-day (Tuesday through Saturday) free morning daily newspaper published in the city of Laconia New Hampshire United States covering Belknap County and the Lakes Region. Each publication day 18000 copies of the paper are distributed by bulk drops at more than 300 locations. There is no home delivery.
 Scarlet Spider is the title of two comic book series published by Marvel Comics about two clones of Spider-Man while they functioned as the current version of the Scarlet Spider. The first volume lasted two issues and was published in 1995. The second volume started publishing in January 2012 and ended in December 2013 with issue 25 after a total of 26 issues because there was a special Marvel Point One issue published between issues 12 and 13.
 The Time in Between is a novel by Canadian author David Bergen. It deals with a man named Charles Boatman who mysteriously returns to Vietnam where he had been a soldier earlier in his life and his children Ada and Jon who also go to Vietnam to search for him.Although generally called a war novel the author states that he [doesn't] see The Time in Between as a war novel.The Time in Between was the recipient of the 2005 Scotiabank Giller Prize.
 The Modern Corporation and Private Property is a book written by Adolf Berle and Gardiner Means published in 1932. It explores the evolution of big business through a legal and economic lens and argues that in the modern world those who legally have ownership over companies have been separated from their control. The second revised edition was released in 1967.
 Sanjevani is a major Kannada afternoon newspaper which has its headquarters in Bangalore Karnataka.It was started on 10 December 1982 thus completing 25 years in 2007.Sanjevani was the first South Indian language newspaper to be put onto the World Wide Web (http://www.sanjevani.com) in the year 1998 and was chosen No.
 More Than Earthlings: An Astronaut's Thoughts for Christ-Centered Living (Broadman Press ISBN 0-8054-5255-9) is a 1983 non-fiction work by astronaut James B. Irwin. The book is a series of short essays or meditations.
 Histoire & Sociétés Rurales (History and Rural Societies) is an academic journal dedicated to rural history from prehistory to the present day. It was established in 1994 and is published biannually by the Association d'Histoire des Sociétés Rurales.
 The Press is a daily broadsheet newspaper published in Christchurch New Zealand. It is owned by Fairfax Media.
 The Murder House Trilogy is a three-part detective fiction mini-series in The Hardy Boys Undercover Brothers published by Aladdin Paperbacks (an imprint of Simon & Schuster).
 The Black Stone is a classic short story by Robert E. Howard first published in the November 1931 issue of Weird Tales. The story introduces the mad poet Justin Geoffrey and the fictitious Unaussprechlichen Kulten by Friedrich von Junzt. Among Howard's stories that can be considered part of the Cthulhu Mythos — this one is no exception — it is written as a mythos story rather than as simply a tale compatible with the Lovecraftian universe.
 The Mineral Wells Index is a daily newspaper published in Mineral Wells Texas USA on weekday afternoons and Sunday mornings. The Index coverage area includes Palo Pinto County Texas. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 The Observer is a newspaper for the residents of Northern Chautauqua County NY with offices located in Dunkirk NY. Formerly known as the Evening Observer was originally delivered in the afternoon although it has switched to morning delivery.The Observer was first published December 4 1882 by founder Dr. Julien T. Williams. John D'Agostino former news and managing Editor is the current Publisher.The newspaper describes itself as a hometown paper but it is owned by Ogden Newspapers Inc.
 Elephant Song is a 1991 novel by Wilbur Smith. Publishers Weekly stated said the novel contained some romance more sex lots of bloody fighting and international intrigues all carried out by deftly directed larger-than-life cardboard characters will surely please Smith's fans and other action-addicted readers.It was the third highest selling novel in England in 1992.
 The Comforts of Madness is the debut novel of English author Paul Sayer. It won the 1988 Whitbread Award for both Best First Novel and Book of the Year. Written while the author was working as a psychiatric nurse in Clifton Hospital in York and drawing on his own experiences it is a first-person account of a speechless catatonic patient in a hospital therapy unit.
 The Master Butchers Singing Club is a 2003 novel by Louise Erdrich. It follows the life of Fidelis Waldvogel and his family as well as Delphine Watzka and her partner Cyprian as they adjust in their separate lives in the small town of Argus North Dakota.
 In Greek and Latin meter an anceps syllable is a syllable in a metrical line which can be either short or long. An anceps syllable may be called free or irrational depending on the type of meter being discussed.Anceps syllables can be found in a variety of metrical forms. Anceps syllables in the middle or beginning of a line are characteristic of Aeolic meters such as the Sapphic meter.
 The Union Jack is the only monthly newspaper featuring news from the United Kingdom produced and published in the United States. The publication is aimed at British expatriates in the United States. It was established in 1982 and is distributed in every state.
 Le Journal de Tanger is a French-language local daily newspaper based in Tangier Morocco. It is one of the oldest publications in the country.
 Sharpe's Tiger is Bernard Cornwell's return to the Richard Sharpe series of novels set during his early years in India. This is Cornwell's device to find prequel material for his hero. First published in 1997 more novels were to follow both in India and the Western theatre of the Napoleonic Wars.
 Anne Boleyn is a play on the life of Anne Boleyn by the English author Howard Brenton which premiered at Shakespeare's Globe in 2010. Anne Boleyn is portrayed as a significant force in the political and religious in-fighting at court and a furtherer of the cause of Protestantism in her enthusiasm for the Tyndale Bible.
 The Hero and the Crown is a fantasy novel written by Robin McKinley and published by Greenwillow Books in 1984. It is the winner of the 1985 Newbery Medal award. The book is the prequel to The Blue Sword written in 1982. This story focuses on Aerin Dragon-Killer also known as Aerin Firehair the heroine who is introduced as a legendary character in The Blue Sword.
 Dreams of Joy is a 2011 novel by Lisa See. It debuted as #1 in the New York Times list of best selling fiction. In this book See completes the circle she began in Shanghai Girls. The former novel ends with the suicide of Pearl’s husband Sam and the shattering discovery by Joy that May is really her mother Pearl is her aunt and Z.G. the famous Chinese artist is her father.
 The Journal of Labelled Compounds and Radiopharmaceuticals is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1965. It is published in fourteen issues per year by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Isotope Society and covers all aspects of research and development leading to and resulting in labelled compound preparation. The current editor-in-chief is K. M. W. Lawrie (GlaxoSmithKline).
 The Chancellor Manuscript is a 1977 novel by American writer Robert Ludlum about the alleged secret files of J. Edgar Hoover and how they disappeared after his death and how they possibly could be used to force people in high places to do the bidding of those who possessed the secrets contained therein. It also speculated that Hoover himself might have been assassinated because he knew too much about too many of the wrong people.
 Nine Princes in Amber is a new wave fantasy novel and the first in the Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny. It was first published in 1970 and later spawned a computer game of the same name.
 UN Special is the monthly magazine of international civil servants working in the United Nations system in Geneva mainly from the United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) and the World Health Organization (WHO).
 Men's Fitness is a men's magazine published by American Media Inc and founded in the United States in 1987. The premier issue featured Michael Pare from the television series The Greatest American Hero.The magazine's slogan is How the Best Man Wins.
 SME or Denník SME ((we) ARE daily) is the most widely read mainstream broadsheet in Slovakia.[citation needed]
 The Econometrics Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers all areas of econometrics research ranging from computational and theoretical to methodological topics. It was established in 1998 and the editor-in-chief is Richard J. Smith (University of Cambridge). The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Economic Society. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.000.
 The Journal of Gay & Lesbian Mental Health is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Routledge. It is the official journal for the Association of Gay and Lesbian Psychiatrists. The editors-in-chief are Philip Bialer M.D. and Chris Mcintosh M.D. Former editors include Mary E. Barber M.D. (Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons) Alan Schwartz M.D. (William Alanson White Institute) and Jack Drescher M.D..
 Mundo Estranho (literally strange world in Portuguese) first issued November 2001 is a monthly diversities and fun facts magazine very popular among Brazilian teenagers and one of the country's most popular magazine of its type. It started as a section in the more popular Superinteressante magazine but was already a separate paperback a few months after its first issue now being a full-fledged separate magazine.
 The Importance of Being Earnest A Trivial Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde. First performed on 14 February 1895 at the St James's Theatre in London it is a farcical comedy in which the protagonists maintain fictitious personæ in order to escape burdensome social obligations.
 Devilman (デビルマン Debiruman) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Go Nagai which originally started as an anime adaptation of the concept of Nagai's previous manga series Demon Lord Dante. A 39 episode anime series was developed by Toei in 1972 and Nagai began Devilman as a manga in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine barely a month before the anime series started.
 Die Sprache is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1949. It contains articles on historical and comparative linguistics especially of Indo-European languages. The main focus is on comparative grammar and etymology but there are contributions on linguistic interpretation of text sources epigraphy and aspects of cultural history as well.The journal is published by Harrassowitz Verlag and it usually appears biannually.
 Evil Penguins: When Cute Penguins Go Bad (2008) is the first published work by author/illustrator Elia Anie. It is a collection of dark humor cartoons in the style of The Book of Bunny Suicides and The Far Side.
 You Shall Know Our Velocity! is a 2002 novel by Dave Eggers. It was Eggers's debut novel following the success of his memoir A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius (2000).The plot follows Will and Hand two childhood friends who set out on a week-long around-the-world odyssey ostensibly to give away a large sum of money.
 G Senjou Heaven's Door (G戦場ヘヴンズドア) is a Japanese seinen manga in three volumes by Yoko Nihonbashi published by Shogakukan. It is a bildungsroman about two boys Machizo and Tetsuo who work together to create manga. It was a jury-recommended work in the 2003 Japan Media Arts Festival.
 Weekly Blitz is a tabloid newspaper published in Bangladesh every Wednesday by Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury. Online edition of this newspaper is available on www.weeklyblitz.net.
 Flag in Exile is the fifth Honor Harrington novel by David Weber. In the story the disgraced Honor enters a self-imposed exile on Grayson.
 Incognito is a six-issue comic book limited series written by Ed Brubaker with art by Sean Phillips It was published by the Icon Comics imprint of Marvel Comics.A second five issue miniseries Incognito: Bad Influences was released in late 2010.
 A Kingdom of Dreams is a 1989 historical romance novel written by American author Judith McNaught. It is set during the time of the English invasion of Scotland.
 Racing Demon is a 1990 play by English playwright David Hare. Part of a trio of plays about British institutions it focuses on the Church of England and tackles issues such as gay ordination and the role of evangelism in inner-city communities. The play debuted at the National Theatre.
 The First Person and Other Stories is a short story collection by Scottish Booker-shortlisted author Ali Smith first published in 2008.It contains 12 stories :-True Short Story A discussion between two men in a cafe discussing the relative merits of novels and short stories is overheard.
 Haunting Julia is a 1994 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about Julia Lukin a nineteen-year-old brilliant musician who committed suicide twelve years earlier who haunts the three men closest to her through both the supernatural and in their memories. In 2008 it was presented as the first play of Things That Go Bump (2002 play Snake in the Grass and new play Life and Beth being parts two and three).
 You Read to Me I'll Read to You: Very Short Mother Goose Tales to Read Together is the third book in the You Read to Me I'll Read to You series. It is written by Mary Ann Hoberman and illustrated by Michael Emberley.
 La Rabouilleuse (The Black Sheep) is an 1842 novel by Honoré de Balzac as part of his series La Comédie humaine. The Black Sheep is the title of the English translation by Donald Adamson published by Penguin Classics. It tells the story of the Bridau family trying to regain their lost inheritance after a series of unfortunate mishaps.Though for years an overlooked work in Balzac's canon it has gained popularity and respect in recent years.
 The Moon by Night (ISBN 0-374-35049-3) is the title of a young adult novel by Madeleine L'Engle. Published in 1963 it is the second novel about Vicky Austin and her family taking place between the events of Meet the Austins (1960) and The Young Unicorns (1968) and more or less concurrently with the O'Keefe family novel The Arm of the Starfish. The book marks the first appearance of the character Zachary Gray who dates first Vicky and then (in later books) Polly O'Keefe.
 Black Sphinx of Nebthu is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in the July 1973 issue of the magazine Fantastic and was first appeared in book form by Ace Books in the paperback collection Conan of Aquilonia in May 1977 which was reprinted several timesthrough 1994. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books in October 1978.
 Seikimatsu Leader den Takeshi! (世紀末リーダー伝たけし! lit. A Tale of a Leader in The End of the Century Takeshi!) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro. The manga was serialised in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1997 until 2002. The series received the 2001 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.
 The Kilgore News Herald is a daily newspaper in Kilgore in east Texas. The newspaper is owned by Bluebonnet Publishing LLC.
 Superman: Speeding Bullets is a DC Comics Elseworlds prestige format one-shot comic book published in 1993. It is written by J.M. DeMatteis and features the artwork of Eduardo Barreto. The comic book is based on the concept of an amalgamation of Superman and Batman.
 Princess Maleine (French: La Princesse Maleine) is a play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck. It was the author's first play. It is an adaption of the Brothers Grimm's Maid Maleen.
 Fengshen Yanyi also known as Fengshen Bang or translated as The Investiture of the Gods is a 16th-century Chinese novel and one of the major vernacular Chinese works in the shenmo genre written during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644). Consisting of 100 chapters it was first published in book form around the 1550s.The story is set in the era of the declining Shang Dynasty (1600 BC–1046 BC) and the rise of the Zhou Dynasty (1046 BC–256 BC).
 The Bush Garden: Essays on the Canadian Imagination is a collection of essays by Canadian literary critic Northrop Frye (1912–1991). The collection was originally published in 1971; it was republished with an introduction by Canadian postmodern theorist Linda Hutcheon in 1995. The Bush Garden features analyzes of Canadian poetry prose fiction and painting.
 Not Forgotten is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel.
 The Kodiak Daily Mirror is the (mostly) daily newspaper of Kodiak Alaska established June 15 1940. It has been owned by the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner since 1998 and is issued five days a week.
 A Year Down Yonder is a novel by Richard Peck that won the Newbery Medal in 2001. It is a sequel to A Long Way from Chicago which itself received a Newbery Honor.
 Probability Theory and Related Fields is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer.Established in 1962 it was originally named Zeitschrift für Wahrscheinlichkeitstheorie und verwandte Gebiete with the English replacing the German starting from volume 71 (1986). The journal publishes articles on probability.The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 1.19 and its 2009 impact factor was 1.373.
 The Lost Boys: Reign of Frogs is a four-issue comic book mini-series that was released in May - August 2008. It was published by Wildstorm and the story serves as an interquel to The Lost Boys and Lost Boys: The Tribe.
 Big Fish: A Novel of Mythic Proportions is a 1998 novel by Daniel Wallace. It was adapted into a film Big Fish in 2003 by Tim Burton. A musical adaptation starring Norbert Leo Butz premiered in Chicago in April 2013.
 The Journal of European Consumer and Market Law (euvr) (German: Zeitschrift für Europäisches Unternehmens- und Verbraucherrecht) is a new Law Journal. Founded in 2011 its first issue was released in January 2012. The journal focuses on European and international consumer law which it examines from perspectives of businesses and consumers alike. Articles are peer-reviewed.
 Hataraki Man (働きマン) is a manga by Moyoco Anno serialised in the seinen magazine Morning. It has been adapted into an anime television series which screened in Japan from October to December 2006 and a drama that aired from October 2007 to December 2007. The story centres on 28-year-old Hiroko Matsukata editor at the magazine Weekly JIDAI (週刊「JIDΑI」 Shūkan JIDAI).
 The European Medical Journal (EMJ) is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal. Founded in 2012 as an imprint of Gorely New Media the European Medical Journal provides reviews symposiums and developments from Europe's medical congresses. Each journal is published six weeks after its relevant congress.
 The Watchtower Announcing Jehovah's Kingdom is an illustrated religious magazine published monthly in 214 languages by Jehovah's Witnesses via the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania and printed in various branch offices around the world. Along with its companion magazine Awake! Jehovah's Witnesses distribute The Watchtower—Public Edition in their door-to-door ministry.
 Under and Alone is a book written by undercover ATF agent William Queen and published by Random House in 2005 which chronicles his infiltration of the violent outlaw motorcycle gang the Mongols.
 The Namibian Sun is a daily tabloid newspaper in Namibia. It was launched on 21 September 2007 as a weekly tabloid newspaper with an initial print run of 36000. The paper publishes mostly in English with some pages in Oshiwambo and targets a readership aged between 18 and 40.
 Chocolat is a 1999 novel by Joanne Harris. It tells the story of Vianne Rocher a young single mother who arrives in the French village of Lansquenet-sous-Tannes at the beginning of Lent with her six-year-old daughter Anouk.
 The Beatles Anthology is a book released in October 2000 as part of The Beatles Anthology film project. It includes interviews with all four band members John Lennon Paul McCartney George Harrison and Ringo Starr and others involved most notably George Martin plus over 1200 rare photos. Many of the interviews quoted are from those featured in the documentary films and additional interviews were conducted for the book specifically.
 Dancing at the Edge of the World is a 1989 nonfiction collection by Ursula K. Le Guin.The works are divided into two categories: talks and essays and book and movie reviews. Within the categories the works are organized chronologically and are further marked by what Le Guin calls the Guide Ursuline—a system of symbols denoting the main theme of the works. The four themes with which she categorizes the essays are feminism social responsibility literature and travel.
 Conan the Victorious is a fantasy novel written by Robert Jordan featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in November 1984; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in December 1985 and was reprinted in March 1991 and August 2010. The first British edition was published in paperback by Sphere Books in April 1987.
 Pet Peeve is the twenty-ninth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Juggler of Worlds (2008) is the sequel novel to Fleet of Worlds by Larry Niven and Edward M. Lerner.It is set in the Known Space universe. Most of the book revisits earlier stories (the Beowulf Shaeffer stories in Crashlander from the points of view of Sigmund Ausfaller and several Pierson's Puppeteers and The Soft Weapon and parts of Fleet of Worlds from the point of view of Nessus). The novel also severely revises the established knowledge of the Outsider race.
 The Middle Age of Mrs Eliot is a novel by Angus Wilson first published in 1958.
 The Giant O'Brien is a novel by Hilary Mantel published in 1998. It is a fictionalized account of Irish giant Charles Byrne (O'Brien) and Scottish surgeon John Hunter.
 Sinister Barrier is an English language science fiction novel by author Eric Frank Russell. The novel originally appeared in the magazine Unknown in 1939 the first novel to appear in its pages. It was first published in book form in 1943 by The World's Work Ltd. Russell revised and expanded the book for its first US publication by Fantasy Press in 1948. Most subsequent editions were based on the Fantasy Press version.
 Historical Social Research/Historische Sozialforschung is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering political science social science cultural studies and history. It is the official journal of the QUANTUM association and is published by GESIS – Leibniz Institute for the Social Sciences. The journal was established in 1976 as QUANTUM Information and obtained its current name in 1979. The journal publishes four issues plus one supplement per year.
 The Department is a 1975 play by David Williamson about political intrigue at a university department.
 The Crooked Letter is a 2004 fantasy novel by Sean Williams. It follows the story of Seth and Hadrian who have gone to Europe on holidays. Seth is murdered and they discover that Earth is just one of many realms.
 The Spoilers is a novel written by English author Desmond Bagley and was first published in 1969.
 Sex on the Moon: The Amazing Story Behind the Most Audacious Heist in History is a book by Ben Mezrich author of New York Times Best Seller Bringing Down the House and of The Accidental Billionaires. It retells the theft and attempted sale of lunar samples plus a Martian meteorite from a vault at NASA's Lyndon B.
 Busting Vegas (stylized as Busting Vega$) is a 2005 book by Ben Mezrich about a group of MIT card counters and blackjack players commonly known as the MIT Blackjack Team.
 The Walking Drum is a novel by American author Louis L'Amour. Unlike most of his other novels it is not set in the American West but is a historical novel set in 12th century Europe and the Middle East.The main character of the story is Mathurin Kerbouchard. In the course of the story he goes around from city to city looking for his father and assumes the roles of slave pirate scholar physician merchant alchemist and lover.
 The Bed and Breakfast Star is a children's novel by British author Jacqueline Wilson.
 Weekendavisen (The Weekend Newspaper) is a Danish weekly broadsheet newspaper published on Fridays. Its circulation (as of 2007) is approximately 60000 copies about ten per cent of which cover subscriptions outside Denmark. According to opinion polls however the actual number of readers is much higher (290000 in 2007). Perceived to be a continuation of the original Berlingske Tidende Weekendavisen regards itself as the world's oldest newspaper.
 I Am Not Spock is Leonard Nimoy's first autobiography. Published in 1975 between the end of Star Trek: The Animated Series and the production of Star Trek: The Motion Picture the book was criticized by some fans because of the perception that Nimoy was rejecting the character Spock. He maintained he was only clarifying the difference between himself and Spock whom he always enjoyed playing. However he later published I Am Spock in an attempt to address the misconceptions.
 The Lime Works is a novel by Thomas Bernhard first published in German in 1970. It’s a complex surrealist work where the creativity and resourcefulness of a destructive personality is marshalled against itself in a nightmarish narration.
 At Night We Walk in Circles is a 2013 novel written by Daniel Alarcón.
 GO (previously GO NYC) is a cultural roadmap for the city girl and is the nation's most widely distributed free lesbian magazine. Based out of New York City GO distributes 30000 copies in 10 major cities and receives 250000 unique web hits monthly. The publication offers information on nightlife arts & entertainment news & current events lifestyle travel advice and celebrity Q&As. GO was founded in 2001 by publisher Amy Lesser.
 The Americans by Robert Frank was a highly influential book in post-war American photography. It was first published in France in 1958 and the following year in the United States. The photographs were notable for their distanced view of both high and low strata of American society. The book as a whole created a complicated portrait of the period that was viewed as skeptical of contemporary values and evocative of ubiquitous loneliness.
 By Heresies Distressed is a science fiction novel written by David Weber and published by Tor Books. It is the third book in the Safehold series. It debuted at number 11 on the July 17 2009 New York Times best selling hardcover fiction list number 25 on the July 24 2009 list and number 30 on the July 30 2009 list.By Heresies Distressed picks up exactly at the end of Book 2. Together Books 2 and 3 cover only 15 months a much shorter period of time than book 1.
 No Night is Too Long is a 1994 crime / mystery novel depicting a bisexual love triangle a possible murder and the aftermath. The book was penned by British writer Ruth Rendell writing as Barbara Vine.
 Dexter's Final Cut is the seventh novel written by Jeff Lindsay and the seventh book in the 'Dexter Morgan' book series about a serial killer who targets serial killers. The book was released on September 17 2013. Responding to the lack of alliteration on the title in comparison to the previous ones in the series Lindsay has stated It's because this novel is very different than the previous shockingly so...
 The Spell Sword is a sword and planet novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in the Darkover series. The book was co-authored by Paul Edwin Zimmer Bradley's brother though he was not credited. The Spell Sword was first published in paperback by DAW in 1974 OCLC 156484864 and has been republished several times.This book is the first in a trilogy within the Darkover series dealing with the evolution of Towers and Keepers.
 Numerische Mathematik is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal on numerical analysis. It was established in 1959 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2009 MCQ was 1.06 and its 2010 impact factor was 1.388.
 Orin Starn is a Professor of Cultural Anthropology and History and Chair of the Cultural Anthropology Department at Duke University. Starn is the author of Ishi's Brain: In Search of America's Last Wild Indian; his other books include Nightwatch: The Politics of Protest in the Andes and he is co-editor of The Peru Reader Between Resistance and Revolution and Indigenous Experience Today.
 A Chef of Nobunaga (信長のシェフ Nobunaga no Shefu) is a Japanese manga series written by Mitsuru Nishimura and illustrated by Takuro Kajikawa. It will be adapted into a Japanese television drama series that will premiere in January 2013.
 Best of the Best: 20 Years of the Year's Best Science Fiction (ISBN 978-0-312-33656-1) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2005. It is a special edition in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 For the scenario on which the book is based see Kobayashi Maru.Kobayashi Maru is a Star Trek: Enterprise relaunch novel which was released on August 26 2008.
 Ghost Soldiers: The Epic Account of World War II's Greatest Rescue Mission is a non-fiction book written by Hampton Sides first published in 2002. It is about the World War II Allied prison camp raid at Cabanatuan in the Philippines.
 The Man Who Loved Flowers is a short story by Stephen King first published in the August 1977 issue of Gallery and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.
 Paul McCartney: Many Years from Now is a 1997 biography of Paul McCartney by Barry Miles. It is the official biography of McCartney and was written based on hundreds of hours of exclusive interviews undertaken over a period of five years according to the back cover of the 1998 paperback edition. The title is a phrase from McCartney's song When I'm Sixty-Four from the Beatles album Sgt.
 Therapeutic Innovation & Regulatory Science is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research and developments concerning pharmaceuticals. It is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Drug Information Association. The journal was established in 1967 as the Drug Information Bulletin and renamed to Drug Information Journal in 1971 before obtaining its current title in 2013. The editor-in-chief is Stephen P. Spielberg.
 jubilat is a widely distributed American poetry journal published by the MFA Program for Poets & Writers at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From the first issue onward jubilat has aimed to publish not only the best in contemporary American poetry but to place it alongside a varied selection of reprints found pieces lyric prose art and interviews with poets and other artists.
 The Banbury Guardian is a local tabloid newspaper published in Banbury Oxfordshire. It serves north Oxfordshire southwest Northamptonshire and southeast Warwickshire. Its sister paper The Banbury & District Review is a free weekly tabloid.
 For the documentary film by Frank Capra see Prelude to War.Prelude for War is a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris featuring his Robin Hood-inspired crime fighter Simon Templar alias The Saint. The book was first published in the United Kingdom in 1938 by Hodder and Stoughton and in the United States by The Crime Club the same year. Previously the novel had been serialized in the American magazine Cosmopolitan.
 Hidamari no Ki (陽だまりの樹) is a Japanese manga series written an illustrated by Osamu Tezuka about a friendship between a samurai and a doctor in the final days of the Tokugawa Shogunate. Hidamari no Ki received the Shogakukan Manga Award in 1984 for general manga.It has been adapted into an anime series by Madhouse Studios and premiered in Japan on NTV on April 4 2000. It also was adapted into a Japanese TV drama.
 Tarto maa rahva Näddali-Leht was a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Clock is a 2006 novel by Nick Hemsley described as a ghost story that contains nothing supernatural. The novel received acclaim for its unusual structure and 'clock-like' mechanism. The structure in a paragraph forms a numeric pattern that repeats throughout the book; there is also a pattern in relation to Hemsley's use of first and third person and past and present tenses.
 Darcy's Story by Janet Aylmer was one of the first novels published after the success of the BBC One serial of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice in 1995.Published in England in 1996 the novel tells the story from Mr. Darcy's point of view. In 2006 the novel was published by HarperCollins in the USA. Author Janet Aylmer has since published a sequel Dialogue with Darcy on Kindle.
 The Castle of Terror is a fantasy short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published by Lancer Books in the paperback collection Conan of Cimmeria (1969) which was reprinted several times first by Lancer and later by Ace Books through 1993. It has also been published by Sphere Books in the omnibus paperback collection The Conan Chronicles (1989).
 The Shaving of Shagpat: An Arabian Entertainment is a fantasy novel by George Meredith. It was first published in hardcover by Chapman and Hall in 1856 and there have been numerous editions since. Its importance in the history of fantasy literature was recognized by its reissuing by Ballantine Books as the seventeenth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in July 1970.
 The Conan Reader is a 1968 essay collection by L. Sprague de Camp published in hardcover by Mirage Press. The essays were originally published as articles in George H. Scithers' fanzine Amra. Mirage subsequently published two companion volumes of essays from Amra The Conan Swordbook (1969) and The Conan Grimoire (1972).
 Fear No Evil is a book by the Ukrainian-Israeli activist and politician Natan Sharansky about his struggle to immigrate to Israel from the former Soviet Union. The book tells the story of the Jewish refuseniks in the USSR in the 1970s his show trial on charges of espionage incarceration by the KGB and liberation.
 Show Business is a performing arts magazine. Its editorial mission is to help guide young adult actors toward success in their performing arts careers. Show Business publishes contact listings for agents managers and casting directors and entertainment-related news and information.
 Monster Love is the debut novel of English author Carol Topolski published in 2008 by Fig Tree an imprint of Penguin and was nominated for the Orange Prize for Fiction. According to The Guardian it 'shocked and impressed in equal measure' and has been compared to Lionel Shrivers We Need to Talk About Kevin.
 For the musical notation see fermata.The Fermata (ISBN 9780679415862) is a 1994 novel by Nicholson Baker. It is about a man named Arno Strine who can stop time and uses this ability to embark on a series of sexual adventures.
 A Hard God is a semi-autobiographical play by Peter Kenna.The play was very popular and has come to be regarded as an Australian classic.
 Horizons: Exploring the Universe is an astronomy textbook that was written by Michael A. Seeds and Dana E. Backman. It is currently in its 12th edition and is used in some colleges as a guide book for astronomy introduction classes. It covers all major ideas in astronomy from the apparent magnitude scale to the Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation to gamma ray bursts.Cengage Learning20 Channel Center StreetBoston MA 02210USA
 Murder Twice Told is a collection of two short thrillers by Donald Hamilton.
 Like a Virgin: How Science Is Redesigning the Rules of Sex is a book by former cancer genetics researcher Aarathi Prasad exploring virgin birth through the whiptail lizard the stingless wasp the electric ant and the Beltsville small white turkey. Prasad also explores the possibilities of virgin birth in humans and touches on ovarian teratomas.The book also takes a historical look of sexless reproduction and ancient stories of virgin birth.
 XDM: X-treme Dungeon Mastery is a role-playing game book by American writers Tracy Hickman and Curtis Hickman and illustrated by Howard Tayler.Purporting to be the work of a 'secret society' of extreme game players the book both casts a satirical eye on role-playing games and offers practical application advice on improving the design and play of role-playing games. It includes its own complete role-playing game system as well.
 The Number of the Beast is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein published in 1980. The first (paperback) edition featured a cover and interior illustrations by Richard M. Powers. Excerpts from the novel were serialized in the magazine Omni (1979 October November).
 Trusts & Trustees is a peer-reviewed law journal published ten times per year by Oxford University Press. The journal covers trust law and practice including case notes on topical cases and updates on trends and developments from around the world. The editors-in-chief are Toby Graham (Farrer & Co. United Kingdom) and Tony Molloy (Shortland Chambers New Zealand).
 Comparative Political Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by SAGE Publications. The journal publishes methodological theoretical and research articles in the field of comparative politics at both the cross-national and intra-national levels.
 The Union-Recorder is a daily newspaper published Tuesday - Saturday in Milledgeville Georgia. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. who purchased it from Knight Ridder in 1997.
 The Ichneutae (Ancient Greek: Ἰχνευταί Ichneutai trackers) also known as the Searchers Trackers or Tracking Satyrs is a fragmentary satyr play by the fifth-century BCE Athenian dramatist Sophocles. Three nondescript quotations in ancient authors were all that was known of the play until 1912 when the extensive remains of a second-century CE papyrus roll of the Ichneutae were published among the Oxyrhynchus Papyri.
 Kalimantaan is a novel by C. S. Godshalk offering a fictionalized account of the exploits of James Brooke in Sarawak in Borneo.
 Summertime is a 2009 novel by South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee. It is the third in a series of fictionalized memoirs by Coetzee (the first two being Boyhood and Youth) and details the life of one John Coetzee from the perspective of five people who have known him. The novel largely takes place in the mid to late 1970s largely in Cape Town although there are also important scenes in more remote South African settings.
 The Lost King of Oz (1925) is the nineteenth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the fifth written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was Illustrated by John R. Neill.
 Beachworld is a short science fiction story by Stephen King first published in Weird Tales in 1984 and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 Beach Music is Pat Conroy's novel of Jack McCall a South Carolina native who flees the South with his daughter Leah after his wife commits suicide. This novel explores the Vietnam War-era the Holocaust and coming of age in the twentieth century. It was published in 1995.
 Beware of the Dog is a 1944 World War II story by Roald Dahl which was originally published in Harper's Magazine and later appeared in his Over to You collection. It was made into the movie 36 Hours in 1964.
 Conan the Barbarian was a Marvel Comics title starring the sword-and-sorcery character created by Robert E. Howard. It debuted with a first issue cover-dated October 1970 and ran for 275 issues until 1993. A significant commercial success the title launched a sword-and-sorcery vogue in 1970s comics.
 Topology and its Applications is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal publishing research on topology. It was established in 1971 as General Topology and its Applications (ISSN 0016-660X) and renamed to its current title in 1980. The journal currently publishes 18 issues each year in one volume. It is indexed by Scopus Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2004–2008 MCQ was 0.38 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.441.
 Mawali (मवाली) is a Hindi language novel by Surender Mohan Pathak. It is based upon the biography of a fictional personality called Shyamrav Pethekar better known as Sikander.
 The Midnight Charter is a young adult fantasy novel by David Whitley. It is the first novel in the Agora Trilogy and the author's debut novel. It was nominated for the 2010 Carnegie Medal but lost to Neil Gaiman's The Graveyard Book.
 Filipino Globe is a publication that caters to Filipino expatriates around the world. It was founded by Hong Kong-based journalist Reggie Amigo and communications executive Therese Necio-Ortega.Launched on November 11 2006 it consists of a print edition published out of Hong Kong and an online edition.
 When Worlds Collide is a 1933 science fiction novel co-written by Philip Wylie and Edwin Balmer; they both also co-authored the sequel After Worlds Collide (1934). It was first published as a six-part monthly serial (September 1932-February 1933) in Blue Book magazine illustrated by Joseph Franké.
 Brother in the Land is a 1984 post-apocalyptic novel by Robert E. Bob Swindells. It follows the adventures of a teenage boy as he fights for survival following a nuclear war. The novel won the 1984 Teenage Sci-Fi Trust's book of the year award.[citation needed]
 Everyday Use is a widely studied and frequently anthologized short story by Alice Walker. It was first published in 1973 as part of Walker's short story collection In Love and Trouble.The story is told in first person by the Mama an African American woman living in the Deep South with one of her two daughters. The story humorously illustrates the differences between Mrs.
 Fundamentals of Stack Gas Dispersion is a book devoted to the fundamentals of air pollution dispersion modeling of continuous buoyant pollution plumes from stationary point sources. The first edition was published in 1979.
 Top Secret was the first Polish video game magazine published from 1990 to 1996 by the Bajtek publishing house. The magazine quickly gained a cult following and is still fondly remembered as one of the most memorable magazines in Poland.
 Knock-Out was the eighth Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1932 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper. 
 The City Paper (also known as The Nashville City Paper) was a free weekly newspaper that served Nashville Tennessee from November 1 2000 to August 9 2013. The City Paper began publication as a daily Monday through Friday paper on November 1 2000 providing competition to The Tennessean which was the only daily in town after the Nashville Banner closed in 1998.
 The Mystery of Smugglers Cove is the 64th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon. Grosset & Dunlap published the book in 2005.
 The Wasps (Greek: Σφῆκες Sphēkes) is the fourth in chronological order of the eleven surviving plays by Aristophanes the master of an ancient genre of drama called 'Old Comedy'. It was produced at the Lenaia festival in 422 BC a time when Athens was enjoying a brief respite from The Peloponnesian War following a one year truce with Sparta.
 Gambit is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1962.
 A Summer Place is a 1958 novel by Sloan Wilson a follow-on to The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit. It was adapted into a 1959 film of the same name.
 The Best Democracy Money Can Buy: An Investigative Reporter Exposes the Truth about Globalization Corporate Cons and High Finance Fraudsters is a 2002 book by investigative journalist Greg Palast. It is about corporate corruption global capitalism environmental destruction third world exploitation freedom of speech and political corruption and the United States presidential election of 2000. Palast used the book as the basis for his 2004 documentary film Bush Family Fortunes.
 Pirkkalan pyhät pihlajat (Finnish: The Holy Rowan Trees of Pirkkala) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.The novel is divided into six parts. The first part sets the historical background from A.D. 800 to 1250 for the location of the holy rowan trees of Pirkkala. The rest five parts have each their own first person narrator (Filippa Aleidis Ragvaldintytär Kaarle Kustaanpoika Barbara Catillina and Tuomas Haukka respectively).
 The Evening News is the main daily and newspaper of record of Sault Ste. Marie Michigan United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media. Circulation is 5800 in the Soo area including Chippewa County Michigan.The paper was founded in 1901 as the Sault Ste. Marie Daily News taking the names The Sault News-Record and The Daily News-Record later that year and eventually adopting the name The Evening News in 1903.
 20th Century Boys (20世紀少年 Nijūseiki Shōnen) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Urasawa. It was originally serialized in Big Comic Spirits from 1999 to 2006 with the 249 chapters published into 22 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan. In January 2007 a sequel titled 21st Century Boys (21世紀少年 Nijūisseiki Shōnen) ran until July for 16 chapters which were gathered into 2 tankōban.
 The Dangerous World of Butterflies: The Startling Subculture of Criminals Collectors and Conservationists is a 2009 book by Doctor of Philosophy Peter Laufer. It is the first book in his untitled animal trilogy preceding Forbidden Creatures in 2010 and No Animals Were Harmed in 2011. The book explores the presence of the butterfly in the fields of organized crime ecological devastation species depletion natural history museum integrity and chaos theory.
 Hell to Pay is a 2002 crime novel by George Pelecanos. It is set in Washington DC and focuses on private investigator Derek Strange and his partner Terry Quinn. It is the second novel to involve the characters and is preceded by Right as Rain (2001) and followed by Soul Circus (2003) and Hard Revolution (2004).
 Hunters of Dune is the first of two books written by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson to conclude Frank Herbert's original Dune series of novels.The cliffhanger ending of Frank Herbert's Chapterhouse: Dune (1985) and his subsequent death in 1986 left some overarching plotlines unresolved. Released on August 22 2006 Hunters continues the story of the danger posed to humanity by a remote unnamed but ever-present great enemy.
 The Landry News is a children's book by Andrew Clements first published in the United States in 1999 by Aladdin.
 Gothic & Lolita Bible (ゴシック&ロリータバイブル Goshikku ando Rorīta Baiburu) is a quarterly Japanese fashion mook a combination of a magazine and book which focuses on the Gothic and Lolita fashions. It was first published in 2001 by Index Communications and is a spin-off of the Japanese fashion magazine Kera.Since February 2008 an English-language version has been released in North America by Tokyopop.
 Zip Comics was the name of an American anthology comic book series published by MLJ Magazines Inc. more commonly known as MLJ Comics for 47 issues between June 1940 and Summer 1944. It featured a number of adventure humor and costumed hero stories throughout the series including the first appearance of superhero Steel Sterling and the earliest appearances of the humor strip Wilbur who later had his own long-running series for Archie Comics.
 National Wildlife is an American magazine published bi-monthly by the National Wildlife Federation (NWF) a nonprofit conservation group. In publication since 1962 and with an emphasis on wildlife conservation and natural history it is designed to inform NWF’s Associate Members and other readers about key issues relating to the nation's natural resources and environment.The magazine features photography stories and articles on nature and wildlife.
 Acció ('Action') was a weekly newspaper published from Tarragona Spain 1936-1937. It was the local organ of the Iberian Communist Youth (JCI) the youth wing of POUM. The first issue was published on October 1 1936. Ricard Garriga Salvadó was the director of Acció. When Garriga was sent to the front Josep Vilar took over as director of the newspaper.
 The Fiscal Times (TFT) is an English-language digital news news analysis and opinion publication based in New York City and Washington D.C. and founded in 2010. The publication received its initial funding from Peter G. Peterson founder of the Peter G. Peterson Foundation and a billionaire investment banker who has long advocated deficit reduction reduced social welfare program expenditures and cuts to Social Security.
 The Up-To-Date Sorcerer is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the July 1958 issue of Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1969 collection Nightfall and Other Stories.Requested and encouraged by editor Anthony Boucher the story is a deliberate attempt by the author to write something humorous that incorporates his love of the complex yet logical plots found in the Gilbert and Sullivan operas.
 The Forbidden Fountain of Oz is a 1980 children's novel written by Eloise Jarvis McGraw and her daughter Lauren Lynn Mcgraw (or McGraw Wagner) and illustrated by Dick Martin. As its title indicates the book is one entry in the long-running series of Oz books written by L. Frank Baum and his many successors.
 The People Yes is a book-length poem written by Carl Sandburg and published in 1936. The 300 page work is thoroughly interspersed with references to American culture phrases and stories (such as the legend of Paul Bunyan). Published at the height of the Great Depression the work lauds the perseverance of the American people in notably plain-spoken language.
 Fury's Pilgrims is the seventeenth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 The Mask of Cthulhu is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1958 by Arkham House in an edition of 2051 copies.The stories are part of the Cthulhu Mythos and most had appeared in the magazine Weird Tales between 1939 and 1953.
 Love & Respect: The Love She Most Desires; The Respect He Desperately Needs was written in 2004 by Dr. Emerson Eggerichs. The book suggests a direct connection between the emotional needs of men and women and a verse of scripture found in the Bible that when adhered to can strengthen and transform relationships.Ephesians 5:33 Each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself and the wife must respect her husband.Dr.
 The Journal of Microencapsulation is a scientific journal that publishes research on the preparation properties and uses of individually encapsulated novel small particles as well as significant improvements to techniques using micro and nano particles in industrial engineering pharmaceutical biotechnology and research applications.
 Plague of Spells is a novel written by Bruce R. Cordell and published in December 2008.
 Zatadawbon Yazawin (Burmese: ဇာတာတော်ပုံ ရာဇဝင် pronounced: [zàdàdɔ̀bòʊɴ jàzəwɪ̀ɴ]; also spelled Zatatawpon; lit. the Chronicle of Royal Horoscopes) is the earliest extant chronicle of Burma. The chronicle mainly covers the regnal dates of kings as well as horoscopes of select kings from Pagan to Konbaung periods.
 Young Animal (ヤングアニマル Yangu Animaru) is a magazine in Japan that features seinen manga and scantily clad women. It is published by Hakusensha and issued on the second and fourth Friday of each month in saddle-stapled B5 format selling for 310 yen. A typical issue is usually over 300 pages with about 288 black and white pulp pages of comics wrapped in about 20 slick pages of color photos of teen age girls (pop stars and gravure idols) in bikinis or topless.
 GAA Confidential (Everything you never knew you wanted to know about Gaelic games) is a humorous sports book by Darragh McManus an Irish journalist and author.
 John Locke's Of the Conduct of the Understanding describes how to think clearly and rationally. It is a handbook for autodidacts. It complements Locke's Some Thoughts Concerning Education which explains how to educate children. The text was first published in 1706 two years after Locke's death as part of Peter King's Posthumous Works of John Locke.
 Le Moniteur Universel was a French newspaper founded in Paris on November 24 1789 under the title Gazette Nationale ou Le Moniteur Universal by Charles-Joseph Panckoucke and which ceased publication on June 30 1901. It was the main French newspaper during the French Revolution and was for a long time the official journal of the French government and at times a propaganda publication especially under the Napoleonic regime.
 Maaülikool is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 The Archaeological Review from Cambridge is a biannual academic journal of archaeology. It is run on a non-profit voluntary basis by postgraduate research students at the University of Cambridge. Each issue addresses a particular subject of interest in archaeology. Recent issues have focused on such topics as economic crises collaborative archaeology and science and the material record.The journal's current general editor is Dominic Walker.
 Pamela or Virtue Rewarded is an epistolary novel by Samuel Richardson first published in 1740. It tells the story of a beautiful 15-year old maidservant named Pamela Andrews whose country landowner master Mr. B makes unwanted advances towards her after the death of his mother whose maid Pamela had been since age 12. Mr. B is infatuated with her first by her looks and then her innocence and intelligence but his high rank hinders him from proposing marriage.
 The Devil's Breath is the first of three novels in the Danger Zone series by David Gilman the second being Ice Claw and the third Blood Sun.
 Antiviral Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by International Medical Press. It publishes primary papers and reviews on all aspects of the clinical development of antiviral drugs including clinical trial results drug resistance viral diagnostics drug safety pharmacoepidemiology and vaccines. Antiviral Therapy is an official publication of the International Society for Antiviral Research.The journal was established in 1996 by Douglas D.
 Level E (レベルE Reberu Ī) is a comic science fiction manga series by Yoshihiro Togashi.
 El Mundo (The World) was a daily morning paper published in Buenos Aires Argentina by Editorial Haynes company. It was launched on 14 May 1928 and circulated until mid-1967 when there was an unsuccessful attempt to convert it into an evening paper.Its publication during the Infamous Decade (1930–1943) provided reporting at a time of instability and repression. After Juan Perón's election in 1946 the publishing company was taken over by Peronistas who forced the paper to take their line.
 Alexander's Bridge is the first novel by American author Willa Cather. First published in 1912 it was re-released with an author's preface in 1922. It also ran as a serial in McClure's giving Cather some free time from her work for that magazine.
 Secolo d'Italia is a daily conservative newspaper in Italy. Founded in Rome in 1952 by Franz Turchi it is close to the centre-right political party The People of Freedom.Between 1963 and 1995 it was the official organ of the post-fascist Italian Social Movement (MSI). Later it followed the MSI's transition to the national conservative National Alliance (AN).
 The Journal of Scientific Exploration is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of fringe science that was established in 1987. The journal is currently edited by Stephen E.
 The Phantom of the Temple is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book features nine illustrations by the author and a map of the town of Lan-fang.
 Rabbit Redux is a 1971 novel by John Updike. It is the second book in his Rabbit series beginning with Rabbit Run and followed by Rabbit Is Rich Rabbit At Rest and the related 2001 novella Rabbit Remembered.
 The Caller of the Black is a collection of stories by author Brian Lumley. It was released in 1971 and was the author's first collection of stories published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 3606 copies. Many of the stories are of the Cthulhu Mythos.
 American Winery Guide (AWG) is an online compendium of wineries in the United States. Founded by Jim Finley and Tim Donahoe in 2007 American Winery Guide catalogues and maps American wineries by state and viticultural area. The guide lists the address owner winemaker founding date hours of operation tasting fees and production statistics for over 7500 wineries. Additionally American Winery Guide employs correspondents who write articles about wineries in an area.
 The American Journal of Business is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal of business studies that is published by Emerald Group Publishing. It covers research in accountancy finance information systems management marketing operations management and strategic management. The journal was established in 1985 as the Mid-American Journal of Business as the original member universities were in the Mid-American Conference. In 2007 it obtained its current name.
 The Central City Register-Call also called the Weekly Register-Call is the oldest newspaper in Colorado. It is published by Aaron Storms and David Spellman in Black Hawk Colorado. The newspaper was originally known as the Miners' Register (also Daily Miners' Register) which was changed to the Central City Register (also called Daily) on July 26 1868 and after an 1870s merger it has been known as the Register-Call.
 Outsmart the MBA Clones is a business book. It aims to educate managers and business owners how to achieve successful differentiation without being imitated by competitors. The author Dan Herman calls such a situation an Unfair Competitive Advantage.Dr.
 The Voice of the Belgians (French: La Voix des Belges Dutch: de Stem der Belgen) was a bi-monthly clandestine newspaper published by the Belgian National Movement (MNB) during the German occupation in World War II. In total 41 issues were published.
 The Journal of Contemporary Ethnography is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in ethnography. The journal's editors-in-chief are Charles Edgley and Jeffrey E. Nash (University of Arkansas Little Rock). It was established in 1972 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 The Courtland Journal is a local newspaper in Courtland Kansas. It is published weekly on Thursdays and reports a circulation of 548. The paper was started under the name The Comet in 1903. It was sold to Francis Borin in 1915 and moved to Courtland where it was renamed The Courtland Journal. It has published continuously ever since.In the early years of the paper it was not uncommon for the paper to publish local church information including sermon topics.
 The Rutgers Law Review is a quarterly scholarly journal focusing on legal issues published by an organization of second and third year law students at Rutgers School of Law. It is the flagship law review among the five accredited law journals at Rutgers School of Law.
 Dragon Moon is a children's fantasy novel by Carole Wilkinson first published in 2007. It is the third book of the Dragonkeeper series. The books before it are Dragonkeeper and Garden of the Purple Dragon. The trilogy based in ancient China during the Han Dynasty has won many awards. Dragon Moon continues the story of the Dragonkeeper Ping as she tries to fulfill her first dragon's wishes to care for his son Kai and take him to the Dragon Haven where he can be raised by his own kind.
 Five Little Pigs is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in May 1942 under the title of Murder in Retrospect and in UK by the Collins Crime Club in January 1943 although some sources state that publication occurred in November 1942. The UK first edition carries a copyright date of 1942 and retailed at eight shillings while the US edition was priced at $2.00.The book features Hercule Poirot.
 Peräsmies is a Finnish underground comic strip drawn by Timo Kokkila that appeared in the Pahkasika magazine from 1983 to 2000. The strips were initially written by Kokkila together with Sami Laitala. Other scriptwriters have also occasionally participated in the comic.The comic depicts the adventures of Peräsmies a Finnish superhero and a parody of Superman. The name Peräsmies literally means Butt Man and is a play off Teräsmies (Steel man) which is the Finnish name for Superman.
 Showdown at Centerpoint is the third book in the The Corellian Trilogy. It is a science fiction novel by Roger MacBride Allen and published in 1995 by Bantam Books. The story is set in the Star Wars Expanded Universe 19 years after the events in Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
 Midnight's Choice is a fantasy novel for young adults by Kate Thompson. It is the second book in the Switchers Trilogy and continues the story of Tess and Kevin two young Irish shapeshifters (or Switchers as they are called in the novel). It also introduces the character of Martin another Switcher who is the book's main antagonist.
 The Morganville Vampires is a series of young adult urban fantasy/vampire novels written by Rachel Caine. The novels feature Claire Danvers a student at Texas Prairie University and her housemates in the vampire-controlled city of Morganville Texas. While the mayor of Morganville is human unbeknownst to most of the population the town is actually run in cooperation with a group of vampires.
 Season Of Passion is a 1979 romantic novel by Danielle Steel. The book was originally published on June 1 1979 by Dell Publications containing 432 pages.The plot of the book follows Kate meeting Tom Harper a well known pro-football star widely recognised across the United States.
 Under Grand Hotel (アンダーグラウンドホテル 上) is a yaoi manga by Mika Sadahiro about two prisoners Sen and Swordfish who try to survive the notorious prison Under Grand Hotel. It is published by 801 Media in English although at one point Tokyopop offered a license.
 The Spirit Ring is a fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold published in 1992.
 Forgotten Realms Adventures is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The book with product code TSR 2106 was published in 1990 and was written by Jeff Grubb and Ed Greenwood with cover art by Clyde Caldwell and interior art by Steven Fabian Ned Dameron Larry Elmore Caldwell and Jeff Easley.
 Burevestnik (Russian: Буревестник The Petrel) was a Russian language anarchist periodical published in New York City from 1921 to 1922.
 Rockland County’s Best Magazine is a regional business publication that covers Rockland County NY and is published by BLM Publishing a local book and magazine publisher noted for its hyper-local focus.
 Where They Create is a book by photographer Paul Barbera and writer Alexandra Onderwater published by Frame Publishers in 2011. It documents over thirty creative studios from all around the world covering a wide variety of professions including painters sculptors designers architects and advertising agencies.
 The Crimson Gold is a Fantasy novel by Voronica Whitney-Robinson set in the Forgotten Realms fictional universe.
 BxB Brothers (BxBブラザーズ BxB Burazāzu) is a Japanese manga series by manga author Ayane Ukyō.
 The Journey is the second book in the Guardians of Ga'Hoole series. It is written by Kathryn Lasky and was published by Scholastic on September 1 2003. In this book Soren Gylfie Twilight Digger and Mrs. Plithiver continue their journey to the Great Ga'Hoole Tree where they will be tested beyond anything they have ever faced.
 Religion and Dharma (1915) is a book written by Sister Nivedita. In this book Nivedita has discussed on the common principles of individual and social growth according to the law of Dharma.
 Coruscant Nights is a series of novels encompassing three paperbacks written by Michael Reaves. The series is set in the Star Wars universe a year after Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. The books do not form a trilogy but rather are three stand-alone paperbacks following the same group of characters. Several characters from the Medstar Duology re-appeared in the series.
 Education Week is a United States national newspaper covering K-12 education. It is published by Editorial Projects in Education (EPE) a non-profit organization which is headquartered in Bethesda Maryland in Greater Washington DC. The newspaper publishes 37 issues a year three of them special annual reports (Quality Counts Technology Counts and Diplomas Count).
 Tajrobeh (Persian: تجربه‎) is an Iranian monthly magazine publishes in Tehran. It is a literary and art magazine.
 Gallowglass is a 1990 novel by British writer Ruth Rendell written under the name Barbara Vine.
 Tonyahaber is a Turkish monthly newspaper founded and continuously published in Tonya since 1999.
 Slow Water is a 2003 novel by New Zealand author Annamarie Jagose.
 Martha Quest is a 1952 novel by British Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Doris Lessing. The novel is the first part of The Children of Violence series.
 Cloud of Sparrows (2002) is the first historic novel by author Takashi Matsuoka featuring the struggle of Genji the young Great Lord of Akaoka in the year 1861. This is only six years after Japan opened to the West and features three American missionaries who become involved with Genji notably Emily who hopes to find solace in Japan and build a church and Matthew a product of the American West who seeks revenge.
 Deadline was a British comic magazine published between 1988 and 1995. Created by 2000 AD stalwarts Brett Ewins and Steve Dillon Deadline featured a mix of comic strips and written articles aimed at older readers. Although similar to the likes of Crisis Revolver and Toxic! which emerged during the magazine's heyday Deadline alone managed to sustain its impact beyond the first few issues and had a cultural influence beyond the comics world. Deadline was published by Deadline Publications Ltd.
 The Aesthetics of Culture in Buffy the Vampire Slayer is an academic publication relating to the fictional Buffyverse established by TV series Buffy and Angel.Examination of the cultural commentary contained in Buffy. The show was a somewhat unusual vehicle used to present quite typical views of late 20th century culture-teenage problems via the character of Buffy Summers. The covers topics such as broken homes and the search for meaning in life.
 Vampire Hunter D: American Wasteland is a comic book mini-series based on the popular Vampire Hunter D franchise set to be published by Devil's Due Publishing. The series was announced in July 2008 but was confirmed to be cancelled at the 2009 Long Beach Comic Con as a result of creative differences between Devil's Due and the license holders.
 Vibora! (literally meaning Viper!) is a 2007 novel written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José. The novel narrates the life of an accidental hero Benjamin Singkol during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines after escaping from Bataan during the Second World War. Singkol in turn narrates the life of Artemio Vibora Ricarte whose identity is being questioned: whether a patriot or a collaborator to the Japanese occupiers.
 Louis Althusser and the Traditions of French Marxism is a 2005 book by William S. Lewis. Lewis examines the Structural Marxism of Louis Althusser which was popular in the 1960s and 1970s. His approach places Althusser's writings within the context of the French Communist Party and the tradition of French intellectual Marxism. The role and place of political theory is a major concern of Lewis' interpretation of Althusser.
 Down East The Magazine of Maine also known as Down East Magazine is the principal general interest monthly magazine covering Maine according to Ulrich's Periodicals Directory. It is based in Camden Maine. As it was originally known Down East Magazine was founded in 1954.
 The Journal of Intellectual Disabilities is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of healthcare and nursing as related to intellectual disabilities. The journal's editor-in-chief is Owen Barr (Nursing Research Institute). It was established in 1997 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Dai Sijie and published in 2000 in French and in English in 2001. It is the author's first published novel. Its original French title is similar Balzac et la petite tailleuse chinoise. A film based on his novel was released in 2002 directed by Dai himself.
 Bicycle Repairman is a postcyberpunk short story by science fiction writer Bruce Sterling. It deals with the eponymous character who lives in a functioning anarchist community in the near future and has an encounter with the misguided authorities. As is common in Sterling's stories it deals with issues of markets governance and the tensions between the two.Bicycle Repairman was first published in Intersections in 1996. It won a Hugo Award for Best Novelette in 1997.
 BMA Magazine is an Australia street press and music magazine focusing on popular music concerts live events and popular culture in Canberra and surrounding areas. It is published fortnightly and is an independent publication.
 The Overloaded Man is a collection of stories by J. G. Ballard first published in 1967 as a paperback by Panther Books.
 Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Astray (機動戦士ガンダムSEED ASTRAY) is a collection of gaiden (side-stories) set in the Cosmic Era of Mobile Suit Gundam SEED. Whereas the main story of Mobile Suit Gundam SEED focuses on the struggles between the Earth Alliance ZAFT and Orb Union the Astray series is focused on the three MBF-P0x mobile suit prototypes (however mainly on Lowe Guele) and their respective pilots and organizations who mainly exist on the outskirts of the main SEED storyline.
 Lychee Light Club (ライチ☆光クラブ Raichi☆Hikari Kurabu) also commonly known as Litchi☆Hikari Club is a Japanese horror manga series written and illustrated by Usamaru Furuya and based on the Tokyo Grand Guignol production of the same name. It was serialized in Ohta Publishing's Manga Erotics F magazine between May 2005 and May 2006.
 The Professors: The 101 Most Dangerous Academics in America is a 2006 book by conservative American author and policy advocate David Horowitz. The book contends that many academics in American colleges hold anti-American perspectives and lists one hundred examples whom Horowitz believes are sympathetic to terrorists and non-democratic governments.
 Jadaliyya (dialectic) is a free ezine featuring English Arabic and French-language content by academics journalists activists and artists from and/or on the Middle East. It is produced by the Arab Studies Institute (ASI) All of Jadaliyya's co-editors are unpaid volunteers and it does not accept advertising.
 Popsy is a short story by Stephen King included in his short story compilation Nightmares & Dreamscapes published in 1993.
 Deadly Quicksilver Lies is the seventh novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 Rattle is an award-winning poetry magazine based in Los Angeles California. Founded in 1994 the magazine is published by the Rattle Foundation. Established writers such as Philip Levine Jane Hirshfield Billy Collins Sharon Olds Gregory Orr Patricia Smith Anis Mojgani and others have appeared in Rattle although the magazine also prides itself on its publication of new and emerging poets.
 The Essential Shinran: A Buddhist Path of True Entrusting is a compilation of passages from the writings and life story of Shinran Shonin. Shinran who wrote during the Kamakura Period was a Japanese monk who founded Jodo Shinshu Buddhism which eventually became the largest Buddhist sect in Japan. The book (complied by Alfred Bloom with a foreword by Ruben L.F.
 Doubt (-ダウト- Dauto) also known as Rabbit Doubt (ラビット·ダウト Rabitto Dauto) is a shōnen horror manga written and illustrated by Yoshiki Tonogai. The series focuses on the Rabbit Doubt cell phone game with rules similar to Mafia. The players must find the wolf or killer amongst their group of rabbits as they are picked off one-by-one.
 Goliath is a science fiction novel by Steve Alten. It was released on September 9th 2002.
 The Africa House is a 1999 biography by British journalist and writer Christina Lamb. The book is subtitled The True Story of an English Gentleman and His African Dream and was published in London in 1999 by Viking Penguin.
 Mathematical Programming is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that wa established in 1971 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. It is the official journal of the Mathematical Optimization Society and consists of two series: A and B. The A series contains general publications the B series focuses on topical mathematical programming areas. The editor-in-chief of Series A is Kurt Anstreicher (University of Iowa); for Series B this is Daniel Ralph (Judge Business School).
 The Catholic Standard was an Irish weekly Roman Catholic newspaper. It ceased publication in 1978.The Standard was founded in May 1928 in Dublin Ireland. It changed its name to the Catholic Standard in July 1963.Peter O'Curry became editor in 1938. He claimed to have raised the readership from 8000 to 80000 a week. During his tenure writers such as Francis MacManus Patrick Kavanagh Benedict Kiely and Gabriel Fallon contributed to the paper.
 Mountolive published in 1958 is the third volume in The Alexandria Quartet series by British author Lawrence Durrell. Set in Alexandria Egypt around World War II the four novels tell essentially the same story from different points of view and come to a conclusion in Clea.
 X-Men Unlimited was the title of two comic book series published by Marvel Comics.The purpose of this title was to run stories that fit between the main X-Men comics.[citation needed] The stories included all characters (heroes and villains) from the X-titles and the issues were collections of short stories. An anthology title these stories focus less on the main continuity and more on peripheral events occurring with the X-Men characters. The series ran from 1993 to 2003.
 Bel Ami is second novel by French author Guy de Maupassant published in 1885; an English translation titled Bel Ami or The History of a Scoundrel: A Novel first appeared in 1903.The story chronicles journalist Georges Duroy's corrupt rise to power from a poor ex-NCO to one of the most successful men in Paris most of which he achieves by manipulating a series of powerful intelligent and wealthy mistresses.
 Gridlinked is Neal Asher's first novel published by the Macmillan Publishers imprint Pan Books in 2001. It contains elements of the technological inventiveness of hard science-fiction with a more contemporary political plotline. The novel follows the exploits of Earth Central Security agent Ian Cormac as he attempts to discover who or what is behind the destruction of the Runcible on a remote colony.
 The Fort Saskatchewan Record is a once-weekly (Thursdays) free newspaper in Fort Saskatchewan Alberta Canada a city on the northeast side of the Edmonton metropolitan area. It is the oldest paper in the city.
 Climbing is a major US-based rock climbing magazine first published in 1970. In 2007 it was bought by Skram Media the publisher of Urban Climber Magazine.
 Touched: The Jerry Sandusky Story is a 2001 autobiography of former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky outlining his career with the Penn State Nittany Lions and his charitable work with The Second Mile. The book is somewhat unique among sports biographies in that it focuses on an assistant coach and in its focus on Sandusky's work with his charity.
 Return to Killybegs (French: Retour à Killybegs) is a 2011 novel by the French writer Sorj Chalandon. The narrative is inspired by the 2006 murder of Denis Donaldson a senior Sinn Féin member who was revealed as a British secret agent. Chalandon had befriended Donaldson while working as a journalist in Belfast. His 2008 novel My Traitor was also inspired by the Donaldson case.Return to Killybegs was published by Éditions Grasset on 17 August 2011.
 Ishmael is a novel by Barbara Hambly set in the Star Trek fictional universe.
 Sheemanto heera (The Frontier Diamond) is a detective novella written in Bengali by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay featuring the sleuth Byomkesh Bakshi and Ajit Bandyopadhyay. Written in 1934 it is the third such work of fiction featuring Byomkesh and is written in first-person narrative as experienced by Byomkesh's friend associate and narrator Ajit Bandyopadhyay.
 The Charlotte Post founded in 1878 targets the African-American community in the Charlotte North Carolina metropolitan area. The Post is read by thousands of area residents and has earned numerous national and local journalism and service awards.[citation needed]It is a weekly broadsheet that at one time sold for $1 a copy as well as distributed at no charge at dark green vendor boxes located in Uptown Charlotte and throughout the city primarily in African-American neighborhoods.
 The Alien is the eighth book in the Animorphs series written by K. A. Applegate. It is the first book narrated by Ax.
 The Drums of Jeopardy is a 1920 American novel by Harold MacGrath. The story was serialized by The Saturday Evening Post beginning in January 1920.
 Wallace's Monthly was an American sporting magazine founded by John H. Wallace (1822-1903) and published out of New York from 1875-1894. It was dedicated to the coverage of horse racing.The publication debuted in October 1875 with Wallace as editor and Benjamin Singerly as publisher. After Singerly died in 1876 Wallace also became publisher. Wallace sold the publication to the American Trotting Registration Association in 1891.
 My Bride is a Mermaid (Japanese: 瀬戸の花嫁  Hepburn: Seto no Hanayome lit. The Inland Sea Bride) is a Japanese manga series written by Tahiko Kimura. The manga was serialized between the September 2002 and May 2009 issues of Monthly Gangan Wing and the June and December 2010 issues of Monthly Gangan Joker both published by Square Enix. In 2004 a drama CD based on the series was released by Frontier Works.
 Our Fighting Forces is a DC Comics war-anthology comic book series that ran for 181 issues from 1954-1978. Writer-editor Robert Kanigher and writer-artist Jack Kirby were among the comics creators whose work appeared in the title.
 The guiding concept behind The Book of Tongues is the impossible. The founding editor-at-large Rustum Kozain undertakes a journey through illusion and disillusion secret desire and the wilderness of the imagination that includes a detour into landscape encounter memory and history - among other diversions.
 The Vanishers is the title of a spy novel by Donald Hamilton which was first published in 1986. It is the twenty-third book in a series of novels featuring the adventures of assassin Matt Helm.
 False Impression is a mystery novel by English author Jeffrey Archer first published in February 2005 by Macmillan (ISBN 1405032553).
 Literature and Medicine is an academic journal founded in 1982. It is devoted to researching and understanding the interfaces between literary and medical knowledge. Literary and cultural texts are used to examine concerns related to illness trauma the body and other medical issues. Articles are provided by experts in a variety of fields in both medicine and the humanities and social sciences. There are two issues each year one general one thematic.
 Year's Best SF 13 (ISBN 0061252093) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2008. It is the thirteenth in the Year's Best SF series.
 The Carlow Nationalist is an Irish regional newspaper published each Wednesday. It has three comprehensive sections containing news sport and 'living' articles.
 The Grantville Gazette (Grantville Gazette I or more recently yet Grantville Gazette Volume 1) is the first of a series of professionally selected and edited paid fan fiction anthologies set within the 1632 series inspired by Eric Flint's novel 1632. The electronically published the Grantville Gazettes which are reaching long novel length with regularity now make up the majority of the series in terms of words in print. Flint as series owner and editor accounts all as canonical.
 Cowa! (こわ! Kowa!) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump in 1997 and 1998 with the fourteen chapters collected into a single tankōbon volume by Shueisha. The story follows the child monsters Paifu José and Arpon and the human Maruyama as they travel to get medicine to save their town from a deadly flu. It was Toriyama's first major project following the conclusion of Dragon Ball.
 The Rocky Mountain Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by the Rocky Mountain Mathematics Consortium.Founded in 1971 the journal publishes both research and expository articles on mathematics with an emphasis on survey articles. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.25 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.260.
 Tomoe Gozen is a novel by Jessica Amanda Salmonson published in 1981. Set in an alternate universe resembling feudal Japan the book combines the tale of historical female samurai Tomoe Gozen with the legends and creatures of Japanese mythology to create an action-adventure fantasy. It is the first part of the Tomoe Gozen Trilogy which met with some success in the 1980s fantasy novel market.
 Anastasia Ask Your Analyst (1984) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry. It is part of a series of books that Lowry wrote about Anastasia and her younger brother Sam.
 resident was an Austrian music magazine with strong focus on the German-speaking drum'n'bass scene. Its released quarterly and includes a mix CD featuring a regional label or artist.The magazine's main idea is it to promote the German and Austrian drum'n'bass scene.The first issue has been released in October 2005 its release was accompanied by a major drum'n'bass event in Vienna. The Lineup featured more than 15 acts including internationally famous and not-yet-famous DJs MCs and VJs.
 Trud (Russian: Труд) is a Russian newspaper.Trud's first issue was on February 19 1921 in Moscow in what was then the Soviet Union. Under the Soviet state the paper published the work of famous writers and poets including Vladimir Mayakovsky Nikolai Rubtsov Yuri Nagibin and Yevgeny Yevtushenko. Prior to the dissolution of the Soviet Union Trud was the press organ of the All-Union Central Council of Trade Unions.
 Death Delights is a 2001 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Gabrielle Lord.
 Badass: A Relentless Onslaught of the Toughest Warlords Vikings Samurai Pirates Gunfighters and Military Commanders to Ever Live also known as Badass: The Book is a history and biography book. It is the debut book of Ben Thompson owner of the website Badass of The Week.The book focuses on historical figures considered to be badass: having exceptional toughness aggressiveness battle skills and/or resilience and have a significant achievement or impact on history.
 The Homer News is a weekly newspaper published in Homer Alaska since 1964.The newspaper began circulation in January 1964. Founders Hal and MarionThorn had moved a few years earlier to Homer where Hal's parents werelongtime residents. In the Thorns' hands the Homer News was a product ofthe battle over incorporation.
 Wizard is a 1980 science fiction novel by John Varley. It is the second book in his Gaea Trilogy. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1981.
 FREESOULS: Captured and Released by Joi Ito is a book by Joi Ito featuring 296 photographic portraits of members of the free culture movement. The project began in 2007 as way for Ito to freely distribute through a Creative Commons Attribution license quality photos of the free culture community without the hindrance of copyright or permission.
 Jack & Jill is the third novel in a series written by James Patterson which features Washington D.C. psychologist and homicide police detective Alex Cross. The previous two books are Along Came a Spider and Kiss the Girls.
 For the publication Oriens christianus in quatuor patriarchatus digestus see Le Quien.Oriens Christianus is an academic journal established in 1901 by Otto Harrassowitz with Asian and oriental studies as the major focus. It was edited by Anton Baumstark (1872-1948). The current editors-in-chief are Hubert Kaufhold (Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich) and Manfred Kropp (University of Mainz).
 Stealing Athena is an historical novel by Karen Essex which chronicles the journey of the controversial Elgin Marbles or Parthenon Sculptures from their home atop the Acropolis in Athens to the present location The British Museum. The story is told in dual narratives from the points of view of Mary Nisbet Countess of Elgin who assisted her husband British ambassador Lord Elgin in removing the marbles and Aspasia mistress to Pericles who witnessed the construction of the Parthenon.
 Rifles for Watie is an American children's novel by Harold Keith. It was first published in 1957 and received the Newbery Medal the following year. Commonly shortened Rifles Rifles for Watie is written at an 8th grade advanced – 9th grade level.Set during the American Civil War the plot revolves around Jefferson Davis Bussey who is sixteen and caught up in the events of history. Actual historical personages (e.g. Generals Stand Watie and James G. Blunt) and battles (e.g.
 Nepenthes of Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia is a monograph by Charles Clarke on the tropical pitcher plants of Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and their minor surrounding islands. It was published in 2001 by Natural History Publications (Borneo). Clarke described it as intermediate between an ecological monograph and a taxonomic one.
 Ship of Magic is a 1998 fantasy novel by Robin Hobb the first in her Liveship Traders Trilogy.
 How to Avoid Huge Ships is a 1982 book by Captain John W Trimmer an experienced small boat captain. The first edition was self-published from Trimmer's home in Seattle and carried the subtitle Or: I Never Met a Ship I Liked.
 Washington Technology is a United States magazine for government contractors providing an in-depth look at government programs technologies and spending priorities as well as management issues case studies M&A and trends that impact the contractor community. It is published by 1105 Government Information Group.Washington Technology is published semimonthly.
 Shining Through is a World War II novel by Susan Isaacs. It was published by HarperCollins in 1988. The book was filmed in 1992 starring Michael Douglas as Edward Leland and Melanie Griffith as Linda Voss but the plot and characters were considerably different.
 A Night to Remember is a 1955 non-fiction book by Walter Lord about the sinking of the RMS Titanic on 15 April 1912. The book was hugely successful and is still considered a definitive resource about the Titanic. Lord interviewed many survivors of the disaster as well as drawing on books memoirs and articles that they had written.
 The Yeovil Times was a free weekly newspaper published and distributed in South Somerset in association with the Western Gazette. It was owned by Northcliffe Media part of the Daily Mail and General Trust newsgroup. Its content is a largely based on local issues. The last issue was published on Nov 6 2011.
 A Mule for the Marquesa (1964) is a novel by Frank O'Rourke. The film The Professionals (1966) was based on that book. After the release of the movie new editions of the novel were issued under the title The Professionals.
 Navshakti ( Marathi (मराठी) - नवशक्ति ) is a Marathi newspaper based in Mumbai India. The newspaper has a circulation of 83910 across the state of Maharashtra. This paper was started by S. Sadanand.P. R. Behere was its first editor.Indian Literature mentions Prabhakar Padhye editor of Navshakti as a formidable editor whose political and social writing stood out in the context of the Marathi language.
 Dead Children Playing (first edition titled 'Dead Children Playing: A Picture Book') is a picture book by Stanley Donwood and Thom Yorke (under the alias of Dr. Tchock) featuring artwork that has been used on English alternative rock band Radiohead's albums between 1996 and 2003 and on Thom Yorke's album The Eraser. The book also contains works of art that have not previously been released made between 1999 and 2005.
 The New Islander is an American magazine of literature politics cultural commentary and personal expression based in New York City and published by New Islander Media Inc.
 The Journal of Attention Disorders is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychiatry. The journal's editors are Sam Goldstein (University of Utah) and Jack Naglieri (George Mason University). It has been in publication since 1996 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights published in 2006 is both an analysis on society's views on race and sexuality and a collection of autobiographical anecdotes. Kenji Yoshino the author is the Chief Justice Earl Warren Professor of Constitutional Law at the NYU School of Law. He wrote an article in the Yale Law Journal called Covering in 2002 but went into more extensive detail on the subject of covering using legal manifesto and poetic memoirs.
 Zoologische Verhandelingen was a Dutch scientific journal covering research in zoology. It was published between 1948 and 2002 by the Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie in Leiden. All issues are available online.
 Ratha’s Courage is a novel by Clare Bell. It was published in 2008 by Imaginator Press.This novel is the final one in the Ratha series also re-titled as The Books of the Named.
 For the Kentucky newspaper please see News Democrat & Leader.The Belleville News-Democrat is a daily newspaper in Belleville Illinois. Focusing on news that is local to the area of southwestern Illinois it has been published under various names for 150 years. As of 2009 it is published by The McClatchy Company and is based in St. Clair County Illinois. It publishes content in print as well as online at bnd.com.
 King Ink II is a collection of poetry lyrics and writings by Australian musician and author Nick Cave. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Black Spring Press in 1997 and is a follow-up to Cave's first collection of writings King Ink (1988).Cave's writings included in King Ink II extends from the period from the Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds' fifth studio album Tender Prey (1988) to tenth studio album The Boatman's Call (1997).
 Harriet Said...
 Dark Curse is a novel written by American author Christine Feehan.
 Kamichama Karin (かみちゃまかりん literally Mini-goddess Karin) is a Japanese manga originally written by Koge-Donbo about a seventh grade girl named Karin who finds out that she can transform into a goddess. The series began as a manga first serialized in January 2003. Kamichama Karin was serialized in the Japanese shōjo manga magazine Nakayoshi and published by Kodansha.
 The Rape of Europa: The Fate of Europe's Treasures in the Third Reich and the Second World War is a book and a subsequent documentary film of somewhat related material. The book by Lynn H. Nicholas explores the Nazi plunder of looted art treasures from occupied countries and the consequences.
 Algorithmica is a monthly peer reviewed scientific journal journal published by Springer Science+Business Media focused on research and application of computer science algorithms. The editor in chief is Ming-Yang Kao. Subject coverage includes sorting searching data structures computational geometry and linear programming VLSI distributed computing parallel processing computer aided design robotics graphics data base design and software tools.
 The 500 Most Influential Muslims (also known as The Muslim 500) is an annual publication first published in 2009 which ranks the most influential Muslims in the world.The publication is compiled by the Royal Islamic Strategic Studies Centre in Amman Jordan. The report is issued annually in cooperation with Prince Al-Waleed Bin Talal Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding at Georgetown University in the United States.
 That Was Then This Is Now (1971) is a coming-of-age young adult novel by S. E. Hinton. It follows the relationship between two friends Mark and Bryon who are like brothers but find their relationship rapidly changing. It was later made into a film starring Emilio Estevez.
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Guide to the Universe is the second supplement for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness role-playing game. It was published by Palladium Books in May 1987 and uses the Palladium Megaversal system.
 Masters of the Maze is a 1965 science fiction novel by Avram Davidson.
 Beyond Good and Evil: Prelude to a Philosophy of the Future (German: Jenseits von Gut und Böse: Vorspiel einer Philosophie der Zukunft) is a book by philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche first published in 1886.It draws on and expands the ideas of his previous work Thus Spoke Zarathustra but with a more critical and polemical approach.In Beyond Good and Evil Nietzsche accuses past philosophers of lacking critical sense and blindly accepting dogmatic premises in their consideration of morality.
 Astérisque is a mathematical journal published by Société Mathématique de France and founded in 1973. It publishes mathematical monographs conference reports and the annual report of the Séminaire Nicolas Bourbaki.
 The Teachers of Gurdjieff is a book by Rafael Lefort that describes a journey to the middle east and central Asia in search of the sources of Gurdjieff's teaching and culminates in the author's own spiritual awakening by meeting and opening to the teachings of the Naqshbandi Sufis.The book is considered by many to be a product of the Sufi school associated with Idries Shah and his brother Omar Ali-Shah.[citation needed] The Gurdjieff biographer James Moore described the book as a distasteful fabrication The book first appeared in 1966 from the British publishing house Victor Gollancz. 
 The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue is published annually by American Sports Illustrated magazine. The cover photograph features fashion models wearing swimwear in exotic locales. All models featured on the cover of the swimsuit issue in the magazine's history have been women. According to some the magazine is the arbiter of supermodel succession. The swimsuit issue of the magazine carries advertising that in 2005 amounted to US$35 million in value.
 Shipwreck is a book published in 1974 that contains text by John Fowles and photography by The Gibsons of Scilly.
 The Discoverers is a non-fiction historical work by Daniel Boorstin published in 1983 and is the first in the Knowledge Trilogy that also includes The Creators and The Seekers.The book subtitled A History of Man's Search to Know His World and Himself is the history of human discovery. Discovery in all its many forms are present - exploration scientific medical mathematical and the more theoretical ones such as time evolution plate tectonics and relativity.
 Aria The Scarlet Ammo (緋弾のアリア Hidan no Aria) is a Japanese light novel series written by Chūgaku Akamatsu and illustrated by Kobuichi. As of March 2012 11 volumes have been published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J label. A manga adaptation by Yoshino Koyoka started serialization in the seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive on September 26 2009. An anime adaptation began airing on April 14 2011 and concluded on June 30 2011. An OVA was released on December 21 2011.
 Wings of Hell is a science fiction novel by David Sherman and Dan Cragg; it was released on December 30 2008. It is set in the 25th Century in Sherman and Cragg's StarFist Saga. It is the 13th novel of the series followed by Double Jeopardy.No one captures the action and sacrifice of war better than real combat vets David Sherman and Dan Cragg.
 Viengchanmay is a weekly newspaper published in Laos.
 Savacou was a journal of literature new writing and ideas founded in 1970 as a small co-operative venture led by Edward Kamau Brathwaite on the Mona campus of the University of the West Indies Jamaica. Savacou grew out of The Caribbean Artists Movement of the 1960s which was mostly concerned with Caribbean artistic production and with consolidating a broad artistic alliance between all Third World peoples.
 Acta Geotechnica Slovenica is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the University of Maribor Faculty of Civil Engineering. The editor-in-chief is Ludvik Trauner (University of Maribor). The journal covers fundamental and applied research in the areas of geomechanics and geotechnical engineering.
 The Infinite Man is a science fiction novel written by Daniel F. Galouye and published in April 1973 by Bantam Books.
 The Assault on Reason is a 2007 book written by former U.S. Vice President Al Gore. In the book Gore argues that there is a trend in U.S. politics toward ignoring facts and analysis when making policy decisions. He heavily criticizes the George W. Bush administration for its actions in furthering the assault on reason and also the Congress the judiciary and the press for being complicit in the process. Gore also suggests the average citizen must be proactive in restoring democracy.
 General and Comparative Endocrinology is a peer-reviewed journal published by Elsevier which focuses on all aspects of the endocrine systems of vertebrates and invertebrates. It was established in 1961 and the editors-in-chief are R.M. Dores (University of Denver) and D.M. Power (University of the Algarve). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.823 ranking it 56th out of 122 journals in the category Endocrinology & Metabolism.
 Annales. Histoire Sciences Sociales is a French academic journal covering social history that was established in 1929 by Marc Bloch and Lucien Febvre. The journal gave rise to an approach to history known as the Annales School. The journal began in Strasbourg as Annales d'histoire économique et sociale; it moved to Paris and kept the same name from 1929 to 1939. It was successively renamed Annales d'histoire sociale (1939–1942 1945) Mélanges d’histoire sociale (1942–1944) Annales.
 The Emerald City of Oz is the sixth of L. Frank Baum's fourteen Land of Oz books. It was also adapted into a Canadian animated film in 1987. Originally published on July 20 1910 it is the story of Dorothy Gale and her Uncle Henry and Aunt Em coming to live in Oz permanently. While they are toured through the Quadling Country the Nome King is assembling allies for an invasion of Oz.
 Birdman Anthology (鳥人大系 Chōjin Taikei) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1971.
 Rounding the Mark (orig. Italian Il giro di boa) is a 2003 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2006 by Stephen Sartarelli. It is the seventh novel in the internationally popular Inspector Montalbano series.Frustrated by his department's repressive handling of security for the G8 summit in Genoa Montalbano seriously considers resigning. His attempt to unwind with a casual swim along the Sicilian seashore fails when he discovers a corpse in the water.
 The Idaho State Journal is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Pocatello Idaho area. The paper has a circulation of 17116 daily 17825 Sunday. It is owned by the Seattle-based Pioneer News Group.The Idaho State Journal began publication in 1890 as the Pocatello Tribune.
 I Had Seen Castles is a novella for young adults by the American writer and Newbery Medalist Cynthia Rylant.It is a story about a young American named John Dante who enthusiastically enlists in 1942 but soon comes to understand the horrors of war.It is an anti-war novel. It has been controversial in some schools due to its graphic portrayal of sex.
 Diario AS is a Spanish daily sports newspaper concentrating particularly on football.It particularly covers news of the principal Madrid football teams Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid in which it competes directly with MARCA.In addition to Madrid the newspaper also has satellite bureaus in Barcelona Bilbao A Coruña Seville Valencia and Zaragoza.In May 2012 the newspaper launched an English language sub-site AS English offering articles translated from the original Spanish by a dedicated team of native English-language speakers.
 CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal published for the American Cancer Society by Wiley-Blackwell. The journal covers all aspects of research on cancer: diagnosis therapy and prevention.
 The Magellanic Cloud (Polish title: Obłok Magellana) is a 1955 science fiction novel by Polish writer Stanisław Lem who also wrote Solaris. The novel was the basis for the Czech film Ikarie XB-1.
 The Fenelon Falls Gazette was a weekly community newspaper in Fenelon Falls Ontario Canada. It was established in 1873 by E.D. Hand. Ownership changed hands many times over the years until it was purchased along with then owner Citizens Communication Group in 2000 by Metroland Publishing.The Gazette covered community events school issues family milestones local crimes and tragedies.
 Death at the Bar is a 1940 novel by Ngaio Marsh which was adapted for television in 1993 as part of the Inspector Alleyn Mysteries. The episode was directed by Michael Winterbottom and starred Patrick Malahide as Chief Inspector Roderick Alleyn. The title is a pun on the legal term the bar and the public house in which much of the story takes place.
 The Journal of Applied Biomedicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published quarterly by the University of South Bohemia. It covers fundamental biomedical research clinical investigation and practice as well as public health. The editor-in-chief is Josef Berger.
 Annihilation is a 2014 novel by Jeff VanderMeer. It is the first in a series of three books called the Southern Reach Trilogy. The book describes a team of four (a biologist an anthropologist a psychologist and a surveyor) who set out into an area known as Area X. The area is abandoned and cut off from the rest of civilization. They are the 12th expedition. The other expeditions have been fraught with disappearances suicides aggressive cancers and mental trauma.
 Spider-Woman was a comic book limited series written by Brian Michael Bendis drawn by Alex Maleev published by Marvel Comics in 2009–2010 starring Spider-Woman. It is the fourth Marvel comics series released under the title Spider-Woman.The series was released simultaneously in printed comic book and motion comic forms making it the first original motion comic released by a major publisher. The series ended at issue #7.
 Science of Survival is a book published in 1951 by L. Ron Hubbard extending his earlier writings on Dianetics. Its original subtitle was simplified faster dianetic techniquesalthough more recent editions have the subtitle Prediction of human behavior. It is one of the canonical texts of Scientology.The title of Science of Survival alludes to Science and Sanity a highly popular work by Alfred Korzybski the founder of general semantics.
 I'm Dysfunctional You're Dysfunctional: The Recovery Movement and Other Self-Help Fashions is a non-fiction book about the self-help industry written by Wendy Kaminer. The book was first published in a hardcover format in 1992 by Addison-Wesley and again in a paperback format in 1993 by Vintage Books.
 A Woman's Liberation: A Choice of Futures By and About Women is a collection of science fiction stories edited by the author Connie Willis and Sheila Williams. Each story was originally published in Asimov's Science Fiction and/or Analog Science Fiction and Fact magazines.
 The Star Courier is an American daily newspaper published in Kewanee Illinois.
 Flying Blind is a mystery novel by Max Allan Collins that was first published in 1999. The book was part of Collins' ongoing series of novels featuring private detective Nathan Heller.In the Heller series the lead character is frequently featured interacting with historical figures of the 1930s and 1940. In Flying Blind set in the mid-1930s Heller is hired by book publisher and publicist George P.
 Daily Sach (SACH) is an Indian Urdu-language daily newspaper published from Jammu India founded in 1940 by Raja Mohammad Akbar Khan with roots in the Indian independence movement (SACH means Truth in Urdu) it was established with a principle to publish the news and aware the people of United India about the historical changes that were taking place in the British Indian Empire. It is now owned and published by Sach Group which is owned by Mr. Krishan Lal Gupta.
 The Whole Beast: Nose to Tail Eating is a 2004 book by Fergus Henderson that deals with how to cook every part of a pig including parts rarely used in American cuisine such as offal. It was originally released as Nose to Tail Eating: A Kind of British Cooking in England in 1999 but was updated and revamped to be more comprehensive for the American edition which was also re-released in the UK.
 The Death of Artemio Cruz (Spanish: La muerte de Artemio Cruz) is a novel written in 1962 by Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes. It is considered to be a milestone in the Latin American Boom.
 Green Lantern Versus Aliens is a four-issue comic book mini-series published jointly by DC Comics and Dark Horse Comics monthly from September 2000 to December 2000. It is written by Ron Marz and illustrated by penciller Rick Leonardi and inker Mike Perkins with covers by Dwayne Turner.The series stars several Green Lanterns primarily Kyle Rayner and the titular xenomorphs from the Alien movie series.
 The Unparalleled Adventure of One Hans Pfaall (1835) is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe published in the June 1835 issue of the monthly magazine Southern Literary Messenger and intended by Poe to be a hoax. Poe planned to continue the hoax in further installments but was upstaged by the famous Great Moon Hoax which started in the August 25 1835 issue of the New York Sun daily newspaper.
 Valkyr' (ワルキューレ Warukyūre) is an erotic thriller manga by Senno Knife about a doctor who creates an android in his daughter's image that becomes uncontrollable.
 FEMS Microbiology Ecology is one of the five FEMS free to publish print and online peer-reviewed scientific journals which covers all aspects of microbial ecology.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.563 ranking it 31rd out of 116 journals in the category Microbiology.
 Mshana was an entertainment magazine based in Cape Town (with an editorial office in Sandton) aimed at South African urban youth. The first issue was published in March 2007 by Media24 Family Magazines.
 The Suicide Shop (French: Le Magasin des suicides) is a 2006 black comedy novel by the French writer Jean Teulé. It is set in a future near-apocalyptic city in a world suffering the ravages of severe climate change where everybody is depressed.
 Migration Letters is an international biannual peer-reviewed academic journal of migration studies published since 2004. Topics covered range from internal migration to transnational mobility and from voluntary to forced migration. Migration Letters is indexed and abstracted by the International Bibliography of the Social Sciences. Notable contributors to the journal include Ron J. Johnston (Victoria Medal in Geography 1990) Caroline Brettell Gordon F. De Jong Philip L.
 Six Million Crucifixions: How Christian Teachings About Jews Paved the Road to the Holocaust (2010) is a history book by author Gabriel Wilensky. The book examines the role Christian teachings about Jews played in enabling the racial eliminationist antisemitism that gave rise to the Holocaust. In Six Million Crucifixions Wilensky argues that from the earliest days of the Christian movement an attitude of contempt toward Jews and Judaism emerged which over time evolved into full-blown hatred.
 Game Developer magazine was the premier publication for working (and aspiring) video game creators from 1994–2013 reaching over 35000 industry professionals monthly. In each issue industry leaders and experts shared technical solutions reviewed new game development tools and discussed strategies for creating innovative successful video games.
 The Collected Poems of Freddy the Pig (1953) is the brief 21st book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. It is not a story but mostly a reprint of poems and songs that appeared in the series to that point. There are some new poems by Brooks and new illustrations by Wiese. The cover reads If it seems a bit hammy in spots that is to be expected.
 Jeeves and Wooster in Perfect Nonsense is a play written by David and Robert Goodale and is based on the 1938 novel The Code of the Woosters and made its world premiere at the Richmond Theatre in October 2013. The show transferred later that month to the West End's Duke of York's Theatre where it is currently running. The production won the 2014 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Comedy.
 Lanark subtitled A Life in Four Books is the first novel of Scottish writer Alasdair Gray. Written over a period of almost thirty years it combines realist and dystopian fantasy depictions of his home city of Glasgow.Its publication in 1981 prompted Anthony Burgess to call Gray the best Scottish novelist since Walter Scott. Lanark won the inaugural Saltire Society Book of the Year award in 1982 and was also named Scottish Arts Council Book of the Year.
 Double Deuce is the 19th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker. The story follows Boston-based PI Spenser as he and his friend Hawk butt heads against a street gang while attempting to unravel the murder of a teenage mother and her young daughter.
 The American Magazine was a periodical publication founded in June 1906 a continuation of failed publications purchased a few years earlier from publishing mogul Miriam Leslie. The original title Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly had began publishing in 1876 and was renamed Leslie's Monthly Magazine in 1904 and then was renamed again as Leslie's Magazine in 1905.
 You Know Me Al is a book by Ring Lardner and subsequently a nationally syndicated comic strip which Lardner scripted drawn by Will B. Johnstone and Dick Dorgan. The book consists of stories were written as letters from a professional baseball player Jack Keefe to his friend Al Blanchard in their hometown of Bedford Indiana.
 The Wild Swans is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a princess who rescues her eleven brothers from a spell cast by an evil queen. The tale was first published on 2 October 1838 as the first installment in Andersen's Fairy Tales Told for Children. New Collection. by C. A. Reitzel in Copenhagen Denmark. It has been adapted to various media including ballet television and animated film.
 Wraithborn is an American comic book limited series by Joe Benitez and Marcia Chen launched in November 2005. It is his largest body of work after his time as regular penciler on Top Cow's The Darkness. Wraithborn was published by WildStorm under its Wildstorm Signature imprint which replaced the Cliffhanger imprint.
 Rough for Theatre I is a one-act theatrical sketch by Samuel Beckett. Also known simply as Theatre I it began life originally in French in the late fifties as Fragment de théâtre and was later translated into English by Beckett himself. The first production was at the Schiller Theatre Hamburg in 1979 directed by Walter Asmus. It was staged as Fragment for Theater I at the Magic Theater San Francisco in September 1986 by Stan Gontarski with Robert Wagner (A) and Tom Luce (B).
 CESARE The destroyer Creator (チェーザレ 破壊の創造者) is a manga series by Souryo Fuyumi serialized in the Japanese monthly comic magazine Morning and published in tankoubon format by Kodansha. The first volume was published in 2005 and there have been 9 volumes published in Japan so far. The series is currently ongoing in Morning.
 The Journal of Contemporary Health Law and Policy (Bluebook abbreviation: J. Contemp. Health L. & Pol'y) is a law review run by students at the Columbus School of Law (The Catholic University of America Washington D.C.). It was established in 1985 by George P. Smith II and is published semi-annually.
 Nezavisimoye Voyennoye Obozreniye NVO (Russian: Независимое военное обозрение Independent Military Review) is a Russian weekly newspaper supplement to Nezavisimaya Gazeta dedicated to military posture military science activity of secret services military technology weapons military history of Russia as well as of other countries.The first issue of NVO was published on February 11 1995 the second in autumn of the same year.
 Laser Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all fundamental and application aspects of laser science. It was established in 1990 (first printed in 1991) at the initiative of Alexander M. Prokhorov who served as editor-in-chief until his death in 2002. The journal was published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica from 1991 to 2005 then by Springer Science+Business Media from 2006 to 2012. The current publisher is IOP Publishing which has published the journal since 2013.
 The East Asia Law Review is an academic journal focusing on legal issues concerning East Asia published by an organization of J.D. and LL.M. students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. One or two issues are published in each volume with an occasional additional issue reprinting papers from a symposium held by the East Asia Law Review. In its 2010-2011 cycle it will publish its sixth volume.
 Jurassic Park Adventures: Flyers is the third and last installment on Scott Ciencin's Jurassic Park Adventures book series. It tells the story of the Pteranodons that left Isla Sorna at the end of Jurassic Park III.
 The Maine Edge is a 17000 circulation free weekly lifestyle/cultural arts publication distributed by Edge Media Group in Bangor Maine.
 Nintendo Power was a monthly news and strategy magazine initially published in-house by Nintendo of America and later run independently. As of issue #222 (December 2007) Nintendo contracted publishing duties to Future US the U.S. subsidiary of British publisher Future.The first issue published was July/August 1988 spotlighting the NES game Super Mario Bros. 2.
 Ang mga Anak Dalita ([The] Children of the Poor) is a 1911 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Patricio Mariano. The 73-page novel was published in Manila by Limbagan At Aklatan Ni I.R. Morales (Printing Press And Library Of I.R. Morales) during the American era in Philippine history (1898–1946).
 Rhymes with Orange is an American comic strip written and drawn by Hilary B. Price and distributed by King Features Syndicate. The title comes from the commonly held belief that no word in the English language rhymes with orange. The strip was first syndicated in 1995.While the strip has no named recurring characters common themes include cats dogs and absurdities of modern life. It appears in over 400 newspapers daily.
 The Yazoo Queen (2003) is a fantasy short story by Orson Scott Card set in his The Tales of Alvin Maker series. It was published in the anthology Legends II.
 Baby with the Bathwater is a play by Christopher Durang about a boy named Daisy his influences and his eventual outcome.
 Piece by Piece is an autobiographical book by singer/songwriter Tori Amos and co-authored by rock music journalist Ann Powers. It was published in the U.S. in February 2005 and in the U.K. in June 2005.
 Astrophysics and Space Science is a peer reviewed scientific journal published by Springer. It was first published in 1968. Each volume is published every two months. The Editor in Chief is Michael A. Dopita.
 The Medusa Seed is an original novel written by Dave Stone and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd. It is Stone's second Judge Dredd novel and again features the character Detective-Judge Armitage who appeared in Stone's first such novel Deathmasques.
 Memoir (published in North America as All Will Be Well) is an autobiographical account of the childhood of Irish writer John McGahern. It was published in 2005 and the writer died in 2006. It recalls amongst other things his formative years in the north-west of Ireland the death of his beloved mother Susan and his relationship with his dark and enigmatic father. Themes from his childhood experiences run throughout his canon of fiction.
 The Harvard Journal on Legislation is a journal of legal scholarship published by students at Harvard Law School.
 Foundations of Science is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary academic journal focussing on methodological and philosophical topics concerning the structure and the growth of science. It is the official journal of the Association for Foundations of Science Language and Cognition and is published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal was established in 1995. The editor in chief is Diederik Aerts.
 A Pocketful of Rye is a 1969 novel by A. J. Cronin about a young Scottish doctor Carroll and his life in Switzerland. It is a sequel to A Song of Sixpence.As with several of his other novels Cronin drew on his own experiences as a doctor for this book. The titles of both novels come from the children's nursery rhyme Sing a Song of Sixpence.
 Policy Review was one of America's leading conservative journals.
 At the Edge of the World is a collection of fantasy short stories by Irish writer Lord Dunsany edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the thirteenth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in March 1970. It was the series' second Dunsany volume and the first collection of his shorter fantasies assembled by Carter.The book collects thirty short pieces by the author with an introduction and afterword by Carter.
 One More for the Road is a collection of 25 short stories written by Ray Bradbury.
 The (Salisbury) Daily Times is a morning daily English-language (broadsheet) publication based in Salisbury Maryland. It has been a Gannett publication since 2002.
 Original Goodness is a practical commentary on the Sermon on the Mount emphasizing how to translate it into daily living with the aid of spiritual practices. Written by Eknath Easwaran the book was originally published in the United States in 1989.Subsequent editions of the book have been published in the US and India and foreign (non-English) editions have also been published in several languages. The book's original subtitle was Strategies for uncovering your hidden spiritual resources.
 Madman's Island is a 1927 novel by Ion Idriess set in northern Australia. It was Idriess' first novel.It was republished in 1938.
 Emile or On Education or Émile Or Treatise on Education (French: Émile ou De l’éducation) is a treatise on the nature of education and on the nature of man written by Jean-Jacques Rousseau who considered it to be the “best and most important of all my writings”. Due to a section of the book entitled “Profession of Faith of the Savoyard Vicar” Emile was banned in Paris and Geneva and was publicly burned in 1762 the year of its first publication.
 Biological Psychiatry is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal of psychiatric neuroscience and therapeutics published by Elsevier since 1985 on behalf of the Society of Biological Psychiatry of which it is the official journal. The journal covers a broad range of topics related to the pathophysiology and treatment of major neuropsychiatric disorders. An yearly supplement is published which contains the abstracts from the annual meeting of the Society of Biological Psychiatry.
 Why We Get Fat: And What To Do About It is a 2010 book by science writer Gary Taubes. Following Taubes’s 2007 book Good Calories Bad Calories in which he argues that the modern diet’s inclusion of too many refined carbohydrates is a primary contributor to the obesity epidemic he elaborates in Why We Get Fat on how people can change their diets.
 The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic is a book by American lawyer Mark Levin published in 2013.
 Man Equals Man (German: Mann ist Mann) or A Man's a Man is a play by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht. One of Brecht's earlier works it explores themes of war human fungibility and identity. Not only was the play the first to emerge after Brecht's move from Munich to Berlin but it was also the first to be produced by what came to be known as 'the Brecht collective':[T]hat shifting group of friends and collaborators on whom he henceforth depended.
 New Voices is the only[citation needed] American national magazine written for and by Jewish college students. Published since 1991 by the independent non-profit student-run Jewish Student Press Service New Voices is read by over 10000 students across the United States and abroad.The magazine is produced by one recent college graduates in New York and dozens of student writers from campuses across the country on a shoestring annual budget.
 Phoenix (火の鳥 Hi no Tori bird of fire) is a manga series by Osamu Tezuka. Tezuka considered Phoenix his life's work; it consists of 12 books each of which tells a separate self-contained story and takes place in a different era. The plots go back and forth from the remote future (science fiction) to prehistoric times. Several of the stories have been adapted into anime series and OVAs and even a live-action movie.
 Theoretical Computer Science (TCS) is a computer science journal published by Elsevier started in 1975 and covering theoretical computer science. The journal publishes 52 issues a year. It is abstracted and indexed by Scopus and the Science Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2008 impact factor for this journal is 0.806 and the 5-year impact factor is 0.995.
 Survey Methodology is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that publishes papers related to the development and application of survey techniques. It is published by Statistics Canada the national statistical office of Canada in English and French.The journal started publishing in 1975 publishes two issues each year and is available both in print (with a subscription fee) and online as open access.
 The Oxonian Review is a literary magazine produced by graduate students at the University of Oxford. Every fortnight during term time an online edition is published featuring reviews and essays on current affairs and literature. It is the largest university-wide graduate-student publication at the University of Oxford.[citation needed]
 A Winsome Widow is a 1912 musical produced by Florenz Ziegfeld Jr. which was a revised version of Charles Hale Hoyt's 1891 hit A Trip to Chinatown with a score by Raymond Hubbell.
 Garner's Modern American Usage edited by Bryan Garner is a usage guide for contemporary American English. It covers issues of usage pronunciation and style from distinctions among commonly confused words and phrases and notes on how to prevent verbosity and obscurity. In addition it contains essays about the English language.
 Choke is a 2001 novel by American author Chuck Palahniuk.
 Kingdom Come is a novel by the British writer J.G. Ballard published in 2006.
 Icerigger (1974) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. Like many of Foster's science-fiction novels Icerigger takes place within his Humanx Commonwealth fictional universe.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 8 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in 1982.The book collects eleven novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors originally published in 1981 (aside from Lee's which first appeared in 1980) and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented together with an introduction by the editor.
 Mini Marvels is an all-ages comic book written and illustrated by Chris Giarrusso and published by Marvel Comics. The comic has been published in the form of back-ups in other comic books as well as original one-shots and trade paperback collections. The comics are a humorous depiction of the Marvel heroes as children of various ages sometimes parodying storylines from the mainstream Marvel universe.
 Telangana Kalam is a registered Telugu language newspaper. It is launched on February 12 2013.
 Pediatric Obesity formerly known as International Journal of Pediatric Obesity is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research into all aspects of obesity during childhood and adolescence. The editor-in-chief is Michael Goran (Keck School of Medicine University of Southern California). The journal is one of three journals published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Association for the Study of Obesity.
 Not That Sort of Girl (1987) is a novel by British author Mary Wesley. The novel is set in Southern England and takes its beginning in the late 1930s and follows the life of Rose Peel throughout 48 years of marriage.
 The Journey of Ibn Fattouma is an intermittently provocable fable written and published by Nobel Prize-winning author Naguib Mahfouz in 1983. It was translated from Arabic into English in 1992 by Denys Johnson-Davies and published by Doubleday.
 Saptahik is weekly tabloid published by Kantipur Publications in Nepal. It is one of the popular newspaper among youth in Nepal.
 Assignment in Eternity is a collection of four mixed science fiction and fantasy novellas by Robert A. Heinlein first published in hardcover by Fantasy Press in 1953 with some of the stories somewhat revised from their original magazine publications as follows: Gulf (written and published in 1949 in Astounding Science Fiction October–November 1949).
 Les Diaboliques (The She-Devils) is a collection of short stories written by Barbey d'Aurevilly and published in France in 1874. Each story features a woman who commits an act of violence or revenge or some other crime. It is considered d'Aurevilly's masterpiece.D'Aurevilly due to the boredom induced by bourgeois life in the Second French Republic was a dandy.
 Mistress of the Empire is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts. It is the third and final book in the Empire Trilogy and was published in 1992. It was preceded by Servant of the Empire which was published in 1990.
 The Journal of Anatomy originally between 1867 to 1916 known as the Journal of Anatomy and Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Blackwell Publishing on behalf of the Anatomical Society of Great Britain and Ireland.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.357. ranking it fifth out of 20 journals in the category Anatomy & Morphology.
 The Thompson Citizen is a Canadian newspaper the longest-running newspaper in Thompson Manitoba.
 Temple of the Winds is the fourth book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth.
 Why Britain is at War is a polemic treatise written by Harold Nicolson and first published by Penguin Books on 7 November 1939 shortly after the Second World War began. In the book Nicolson explores Adolf Hitler's insatiable grasp for power the foreign policy brinkmanship and deception ploys adopted by Nazi Germany and Hitler's use of actual and implied force to get his way at the negotiation table.
 After the Divorce is a novel by Italian author Grazia Deledda.
 Spirit Walker is the second book in the series Chronicles of Ancient Darkness by Michelle Paver. The plot follows Torak and his friends travelling to the mysterious Seal Islands to find a cure for a terrible sickness circulating throughout the forest in which they live. The book was first published in 2005 by Orion Children's Books.As the Moon of No Dark waxes high the clans fall prey to a horrifying sickness. Fear stalks the Forest. The very breath of summer seems poisoned.
 The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie is a short book by novelist Muriel Spark the best known of her works. It first saw publication in The New Yorker magazine and was published as a book by Macmillan in 1961. The character of Miss Jean Brodie brought Spark international fame and brought her into the first rank of contemporary Scottish literature. In 2005 the novel was chosen by Time magazine as one of the one hundred best English-language novels from 1923 to present.
 The Janitor's Boy is a children's book by Andrew Clements. Part of his school series it was released by Simon & Schuster in 2000.
 Yuria 100 Shiki (ユリア100式 Yuria Hyaku-shiki) is a Japanese manga series written by Shigemitsu Harada and illustrated by Nobuto Hagio. It has been serialized in Young Animal from 2006 to January 22 2010.
 A Dance with Dragons is the fifth of seven planned novels in the epic fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire by American author George R. R. Martin. In some areas the paperback edition was published in two parts titled Dreams and Dust and After the Feast.A Dance with Dragons was originally intended to be the title of the second novel in the sequence when Martin still envisioned the series as a trilogy.
 Die Burger is a daily Afrikaans-language newspaper published by Naspers. By 2008 it had a circulation of 91665 in the Western and Eastern Cape Provinces of South Africa. Along with Beeld and Volksblad it is one of three broadsheet dailies in the Media24 stable.
 Journal of Emotional and Behavioral Disorders is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editors are Elizabeth M. Farmer and Thomas W. Farmer (Penn State University). It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 Guts: The True Stories Behind Hatchet and the Brian Books is a non-fiction book by Gary Paulsen published on January 23 2001 by Delacorte Books. It is about some of Paulsen's life adventures including dog sledding in blizzards being in a plane stalling in the air in the arctic watching as a little boy gets stomped to death by a baby buck and eating bugs. He discusses the inspirations of his life and the way they helped to create events for his character Brian Robeson in his Brian's Saga
 The War Against the Chtorr is a series of novels written by David Gerrold. The series is currently incomplete and is intended to be continued beyond its present cliffhanger ending.
 The Little Nugget is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse. It was first published in Munsey's Magazine in August 1913 before being published as a book in the UK on 28 August 1913 by Methuen & Co. London and in the US on 10 January 1914 by W.J. Watt and Company New York.
 The Scarlet Slipper Mystery is the thirty-second volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was published in 1954 by Grosset & Dunlap under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
 Undead and Unreturnable is a paranormal romance novel. It is the fourth novel in the Undead series by MaryJanice Davidson.
 Swallowing Darkness (2008) is the seventh novel in the Merry Gentry series written by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 The Victoria Advocate is a daily newspaper independently published in Victoria Texas. It is the second oldest paper in Texas and the oldest west of the Colorado River dating back to May 8 1846 following the Battle of Palo Alto during the Mexican War. The paper serves the communities of the Victoria metropolitan area and currently runs a Sunday circulation of 27268 issues.
 Tsurupika Hagemaru (つるピカハゲ丸 lit. Little Baldy Hagemaru) or simply Hagemaru is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shinbo Nomura. The series was published in the Shogakukan magazine CoroCoro Comic from 1985 to 1995. It tells the story of a young kid named Hagemaru and his ideas for saving money.Tsurupika Hagemaru received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga in 1987. The manga rapidly became a hit all over Japan.
 Alzheimers Research & Therapy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on Alzheimer's disease. It was established in 2009 and is published by BioMed Central. The editors-in-chief are Douglas R. Galasko (University of California San Diego) Todd E. Golde (University of Florida) and Philip Scheltens (VU University Medical Center).
 Harry A History: The True Story of a Boy Wizard His Fans and Life Inside the Harry Potter Phenomenon is a 2008 book by writer and webmistress of The Leaky Cauldron Melissa Anelli. The book describes the Harry Potter phenomenon in detail. The book was published on November 4 2008 by Pocket Books and debuted at #18 on the New York Times paperback bestseller list. Notably the book features exclusive interview material and insights from Harry Potter author J.K.
 The Discworld Mapp is an atlas that contains a large fold out map of the Discworld fictional world drawn by Stephen Player to the directions of Terry Pratchett and Stephen Briggs. It also contains a short booklet relating the adventures and explorers of the Disc and their discoveries.It was originally conceived as the second in a series of three maps along with The Streets of Ankh-Morpork and A Tourist Guide to Lancre.
 This article is about the defunct magazine publication. For the clone game console see Sega Zone (console)Sega Zone was a Sega orientated publication from Dennis Publishing in the early 1990s. Sega Zone had split from its former multiformat console title Game Zone. The Game Zone title would continue as a Nintendo magazine.
 To Fear a Painted Devil is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell. It was published in 1965 and was the author's second novel.
 A Taste of Blackberries (HarperCollins 1973) is an award-winning children's book by Doris Buchanan Smith (June 1 1934 - August 8 2002).
 Company for Gertrude is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse which first appeared in the United Kingdom in the September 1928 Strand and in the United States in the October 1928 issue of Cosmopolitan. Part of the Blandings Castle canon it features the absent-minded peer Lord Emsworth and was included in the collection Blandings Castle and Elsewhere (1935) although the story takes place sometime between the events of Leave it to Psmith (1923) and Summer Lightning (1929).
 Chimpui (チンプイ Chinpui) is a Japanese manga created by Fujiko Fujio in 1985. It tells the story of two cute aliens that come to Earth to find the girl who will get married with their prince of planet Mahl.
 The Enciclopedia italiana di scienze lettere ed arti (Italian for Italian Encyclopaedia of Science Letters and Arts) best known as Treccani for its developer Giovanni Treccani is an Italian-language encyclopaedia.
 House of Hell (House of Hades in the United States) is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson illustrated by Tim Sell and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 10th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031831-3) and 7th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-417-8).
 The Last Reef and Other Stories (ISBN 0-9553181-7-3 published by Elastic Press) is a collection of short stories by the science fiction author Gareth L. Powell. It compiles much of his short fiction from before 2008.
 The Other Shore (Chinese: 彼岸; pinyin: bǐ'àn; untoned Bi An; previously translated The Other Side) is a play by the Chinese writer Gao Xingjian.
 Việt Nam News (VNS) is a daily English-language newspaper published in Hanoi by the Vietnam News Agency the news service of the government of Vietnam. The newspaper was first published in 1991. It is published seven days a week and is the main English newspaper in Vietnam. The paper is a member of the Asia News Network. An Internet edition exists with simplified typography.
 For other uses see Salut les copainsSalut les copains later changed to Salut! was a renowned French music variety magazine published between 1962 and 2006.Launched by Frank Ténot and Daniel Filipacchi as a supporting media to the very famous Europe 1 radio program Salut les copains the magazine Salut les copains (literally Hello friends in French) featured many of the top names of French music in the 1960s and 1970s in addition to important coverage of American and British pop and rock acts. 
 Crystal is a young adult novel by Walter Dean Myers. It was first published in 1987 and later republished by Amistad in 2002. The book focuses on Crystal Brown a 16-year old African American girl who is destined for stardom when she lands a contract with a modeling agency.
 Contained in Hart Crane's first collection of poems White Buildings (1926) 'Voyages' was composed across six years (1921–1926) with sections published as early as 1923. Containing one of Crane's most famous lyrics 'Voyages: II' this love-cycle of six poems was largely fueled by his love affair with Emil Opffer a Danish merchant mariner.
 Archaeology in Oceania is a peer-reviewed journal publishing articles and research reports in prehistoric and historic archaeology. The primary geographic focus is Australia the islands of the Pacific Ocean and the western Pacific Rim.The journal is published by Wiley on behalf of Oceania Publications.
 The Summoning is a novel by Kelley Armstrong and is the first book in the Darkest Powers series. It was released on July 1 2008.
 Sardanapalus (1821) is a historical tragedy in blank verse by Lord Byron set in ancient Nineveh and recounting the fall of the Assyrian monarchy and its supposed last king. It draws its story mainly from the Historical Library of Diodorus Siculus and from William Mitford's History of Greece. Byron wrote the play during his stay in Ravenna and dedicated it to Goethe.
 For the defunct Israeli political party see HaOlim.The Immigrants (1977) is a historical novel written by Howard Fast. Set in San Francisco during the early 20th Century it tells the story of Daniel Lavette a self described roughneck who rises from the ashes of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and becomes one of the most successful and dominating figures in San Francisco. The book hit number 5 on the New York Times adult best seller list on November 6 1977.
 Coffee: A Dark History is a 2005 book that examines the history of coffee. It was written by Antony Wild and was published by Norton. Wild had previously worked as a buyer for a specialty-coffee company for over ten years. He argues that coffee has had major effects on the economy of the British Empire. He also maintains that First World consumption of coffee and the accompanying free trade policies have had a negative impact on Third World coffee farmers.
 Hawks of Outremer is a collection of historical short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1979 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1625 copies. The stories feature Howard's character Cormac Fitzgeoffrey and was edited by Richard L. Tierney.
 The Last Summer (of You and Me) is a novel by Ann Brashares. Her first novel for adults and her first outside of her acclaimed Traveling Pants series was released on June 6 2007 by Riverhead Books.
 The Jungles of Chult (product code FRM1) is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons campaign setting Forgotten Realms released in 1993.
 The Machineries of Joy (1964) is a collection of short stories by Ray Bradbury.
 A Traveller in War-Time is a non-fiction book by American author Winston Churchill recounting his travels in Europe during World War I. Released in July 1918 with the full title A Traveller in War-time with an Essay on the American Contribution and the Democratic Idea the essay comprises about half of the book. It was Churchill's first non-fiction book.Especially compared to his string of best-selling novels the book was not successful selling only about 8000 copies.
 The Chosen One is a young adult novel written by Carol Lynch Williams. It was published on May 12 2009 by St. Martin's Press. The story is told from the perspective of Kyra Carlson the protagonist and focuses on how she deals with living in a polygamist society.
 The News-Press is a daily broadsheet newspaper located in Fort Myers Florida serving primarily Lee County as well as parts of Hendry Collier and Charlotte Counties.The paper publishes several editions of its Local & State (metro) section for suburban communities including Bonita Springs Cape Coral Lehigh Acres North Fort Myers and South Fort Myers.
 BUST Magazine is a women's pop culture magazine that is published bi-monthly by Debbie Stoller and Laurie Henzel.
 Scare Tactics is a comic book series published by DC Comics. A total of twelve issues appeared dated from December 1996 to March 1998. The series written by Len Kaminski was a part of DC's Weirdoverse group of titles.
 Marianne Dreams is a children's fantasy novel by Catherine Storr.
 Theatre of Silence (2008) is a book about association football written by Matthew Bazell. The book documents the disenfranchisement of an ordinary football supporter in the face of ever increasing commercialisation especially rising ticket prices. The second edition (released 2011) contains a guest chapter written by former Sex Pistols front man John Lydon.
 Why Nations Fail: The Origins of Power Prosperity and Poverty is a non-fiction book by two American economists Daron Acemoglu from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and James A. Robinson from Harvard University. The book applies insights from institutional economics development economics and economic history to answer why nations develop differently with some succeeding in the accumulation of power and prosperity while others fail.
 Makai Ouji: Devils and Realist (魔界王子 devils and realist Makai Ōji: Devils and Realist) is a Japanese manga series written by Madoka Takadono and illustrated by Utako Yukihiro. An anime adaptation was licensed by Dogakobo and started airing on July 7 2013.
 The American Journal of Gastroenterology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published for the American College of Gastroenterology by the Nature Publishing Group.
 Dark Possession is a paranormal/suspense novel written by American author Christine Feehan. Published in 2004 it is the 18th book in her Dark Series.
 The IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Quantum Electronics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journalpublished by the IEEE Photonics Society. It covers research on quantum electronics. The editor-in-chief is John Cartledge (Queen's University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.078.
 Chaplin: A Life is a 2008 biography of the actor Charlie Chaplin by American psychoanalyst Stephen M. Weissman. The book examines young Chaplin's early childhood experiences and the formative role they later played in shaping his art. An ex-London street urchin Chaplin used humor to creatively transform real life boyhood experiences of homelessness into his screen character's picaresque adventures as the streetwise Little Tramp.
 Abbotsford Times is a newspaper in Abbotsford British Columbia.
 Bicycle Hills is the fourth book of the Spirit Flyer Series by John Bibee and illustrated by Paul Turnbaugh. The book was published by Inter-Varsity Press in 1989. The book focuses on the struggles of Amy Burke a young girl who has recently moved to the fictional town of Centerville. Shortly after the Burke family moves to Centerville Uncle Bunkie the clown has every child in Centerville buzzing about a new amusement park that has opened just outside of town.
 Lon Po Po: A Red-Riding Hood Story from China is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Ed Young. Published in 1989 the book is a version of the Little Red Riding Hood fairy tale. Young won the 1990 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations.
 The Pillars of Eternity is the tenth novel by the science fiction author Barrington J. Bayley.
 Fragile Eternity is the sequel to the novel Wicked Lovely by Melissa Marr. It is also a companion novel to Ink Exchange another novel by Marr which is set in the same universe but focuses on different characters. Fragile Eternity takes place after the events of Ink Exchange.
 Language is a peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal published by the Linguistic Society of America since 1925. It covers all aspects of linguistics focusing on the area of theoretical linguistics.
 And Eternity is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the seventh of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
 Metior Magazine is a student newspaper published at Murdoch University in Perth Western Australia. The magazine is published by the Murdoch University Guild of Students. The name is an acronym for Murdoch Empire Telegram Indian Ocean Review. Metior is a publication that supports upcoming artists musicians photographers designers writers and students providing them with a platform to publicly express themselves and make people aware of what they are doing.
 Scuppers The Sailor Dog (or simply The Sailor Dog) is a children's book written by Margaret Wise Brown and illustrated by Garth Williams. It was originally published in 1953 by Golden Books. The 2001 edition lacks four pages of color illustrations and text found in the original 1953 edition. An interactive CD-ROM version was published in 1996.
 Practical Computing was a UK computer magazine published monthly. The magazine was published by IPC Electrical Electronic Press Ltd. The first edition was released in August 1978 as a special computer show edition and the second issue was October 1978. The magazine carried on to 1987 when it merged with Business Computing.
 Everything and More: A Compact History of Infinity is a book by American novelist and essayist David Foster Wallace that examines the history of infinity focusing primarily on the work of Georg Cantor the 19th-century German mathematician who created set theory. The book is part of the W. W. Norton Great Discoveries series.The introduction was written by Neal Stephenson and was reprinted in his collection Some Remarks : Essays and Other Writing.Reviewers including Rudy Rucker A.W.
 The Rand Daily Mail was a Johannesburg daily newspaper with an anti-apartheid editorial stance which is best known for breaking the news about the apartheid state's Muldergate Scandal in 1979. It also exposed the truth about the death in custody of anti-Apartheid activist Steve Biko in 1977.
 The Man-eaters of Tsavo is a book written by John Henry Patterson in 1907 that recounts his experiences while overseeing the construction of a railroad bridge in what would become Kenya. It is most widely known for recounting the story of a pair of lions that he killed known as the Tsavo maneaters.
 Hollywood Husbands is a 1986 novel by the British author Jackie Collins. It was her 11th novel and the second in her Hollywood series after her 1983 hit Hollywood Wives. Hollywood Husbands is an unrelated sequel to Hollywood Wives and features a new cast of characters. Although it continues the theme of power and celebrity in Hollywood the novel also contains a mystery plot about a young girl from a small American town who was sexually abused and later left for dead.
 The Himalayan Times is an English-language newspaper distributed in Nepal. The Himalayan times has been a recent entry into the Nepalese newspaper market but it has already gained grounds due to high standard of journalism and its broad appeal to the masses. International Media Network Nepal Pvt. Ltd. is the publisher of The Himalayan Times.
 Mosaic: Pieces of My Life So Far (ISBN 0-3809-7594-7) is an autobiography written by American musician Amy Grant published by Flying Dolphin Press and WaterBrook Press (subsidiaries of Random House) and released in October 2007. The book features song lyrics memoirs original poetry pictures and a partial index of Grant's career achievements.
 The Des Moines Register is the daily morning newspaper of Des Moines Iowa. A separate edition of the Register is sold throughout much of Iowa.
 A Gazeta de Limeira (The Gazette of Limeira) is a Brazilian daily newspaper founded and continuously published in Limeira since 1931.
 Catch and Cook is a 2013 cookbook by American television presenter producer and professional adventurer Aaron Carotta also known as Adventure Aaron. He is selling the book based on his TV show Catch and Cook With Adventure Aaron. He is also putting forwards an amount of the money sold with the book to NZ Canteen.
 The Tampa Bay Times previously named the St. Petersburg Times is an American newspaper published in St. Petersburg Florida. It is one of two major publications serving the Tampa Bay Area the other being The Tampa Tribune which the Times tops in both circulation and readership. The Times has won nine Pulitzer Prizes since 1964 and in 2009 won two in a single year for the first time in the paper's history.
 Equus is a monthly magazine for horse owners that was first published in November 1977. The intent of the magazine is succinctly stated by founding editor and publisher Ami Shinitzky's original working title: The Horseman's Veterinary Journal.
 The Journal of Nanoengineering and Nanosystems Part N of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that focusses on the particular aspects of nanoscale engineering science and technology that involve the descriptions of nanoscale systems. The journal was first published in 2004 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 The Daredevil's Manual is a book written by Ben Ikenson and published by Pan Macmillan. It describes various daredevil acts and a vague guide on how to do them. It also gives quotes from the people that perform the acts and usually a diagram or labelled picture accompanies the guide.Along with the articles there is always a warning about the dangers associated with the act.
 Meridiano (Diario Meridiano) is a Venezuelan national daily sports newspaper owned by Bloque De Armas which also owns the sports network Meridiano Televisión.
 The Honourable Schoolboy (1977) is a spy novel by John le Carré. George Smiley tries to reconstruct an intelligence service and to run a successful offensive espionage operation to save the service from falling to the war hawks in government. The Honourable Schoolboy of the title is Gerald Westerby a British spy sent to Hong Kong.The Honourable Schoolboy is the second novel of the informal Karla Trilogy and won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for 1977.
 Lord Demon is a 1999 posthumous novel by Roger Zelazny completed by Jane Lindskold.It is a scientific fantasy built on favorite themes (the necessity of knowing oneself taking risks accepting the vulnerability that comes with feeling passionately etc.) of Roger Zelazny drawing on East Asian Irish and hero's quest myths.
 Aliens: Nightmare Asylum is the title of a 1993 novel by Steve Perry set in the fictional Alien movie universe. It is an sequel to Aliens: Earth Hive
 I'll Eat You Last: A Chat with Sue Mengers is a 2013 one-person American play about the agent Sue Mengers.
 El licenciado Vidriera (The Lawyer of Glass) is a short story written by Miguel de Cervantes and included in his Novelas ejemplares first published in 1613.
 Take a Girl Like You is a comic novel by Kingsley Amis. Set in the 1950s it follows the progress of twenty-year-old Jenny Bunn as she moves from her family home in the North of England to a London suburb to teach primary school children. Jenny is a traditional Northern working-class girl whose striking good looks are in sharp contrast to her prosaic upbringing and to her strong belief that a girl should preserve her virginity until her wedding night.
 Katte ni Kaizō (かってに改蔵) is a shōnen manga by Kōji Kumeta. The manga ran for 26 volumes in Shōnen Sunday from 1998 to 2004. The art style went through a huge change as the story went on by the end of the story the art style was the same as the type used in Kumeta's next series Sayonara Zetsubō Sensei. An anime adaptation by Shaft was released from May to October 2011.
 Acta Paediatrica is a peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of pediatrics. It was established in 1921 and was renamed Acta Paediatrica Scandinavica in 1964 before returning to its original title in 1992.
 The Braindead Megaphone is short story writer George Saunders’s first full length essay collection published in 2007; it is 272 pages long. The collection has many essays that appeared in The New Yorker and GQ.
 The Freie Presse (German for Free Press) is a regional daily newspaper in the Chemnitz region first published in 1963.It is the biggest-selling newspaper in Saxony with a circulation of 277221 copies in the second quarter of 2011 according to IVW.
 Cahiers du Cinéma (French pronunciation: ​[kaje dy sinema] Notebooks on Cinema) is a French film magazine founded in 1951 by André Bazin Jacques Doniol-Valcroze and Joseph-Marie Lo Duca. It developed from the earlier magazine Revue du Cinéma (Review of the Cinema) involving members of two Paris film clubs—Objectif 49 (Objective 49) (Robert Bresson Jean Cocteau and Alexandre Astruc among others) and Ciné-Club du Quartier Latin (Cinema Club of the Latin Quarter).
 Noise: The Political Economy of Music is a non-fiction book by French economist and scholar Jacques Attali.Attali's essential argument in Noise: The Political Economy of Music is that music as a cultural form is intimately tied up in the mode of production in any given society. For Marxist critics this idea is nothing new.
 Little Lost Robot is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov.
 The Stone Diaries is a 1993 award-winning novel by Carol Shields.It is the fictional autobiography of Daisy Goodwill Flett a seemingly ordinary woman whose life is marked by death and loss from the beginning when her mother dies during childbirth. Through marriage and motherhood Daisy struggles to find contentment never truly understanding her life's true purpose.The book's title may have been inspired by Pat Lowther's poetry collection A Stone Diary (1977).
 Lagrange: The Flower of Rin-ne (輪廻のラグランジェ Flower declaration of your heart Rinne no Raguranje) is a Japanese anime television series produced by Xebec and Production I.G and directed by Tatsuo Sato and Toshimasa Suzuki written by Shotaro Suga original character design by Haruyuki Morisawa and music by Saeko Suzuki & TOMISIRO.
 Havaner lebn (Yiddish: האװאנער לעבּן 'Havana Life') known in Spanish as Vida Habanera was a Yiddish and Spanish language newspaper published from Havana Cuba 1932–1960. The first issue came out on November 11 1932. It was the first commercial Jewish newspaper in the country with a longer duration. It was the main publication of the Ashkenazi Jewish community in the country at the time.
 Daylight Saving is a comedy by Nick Enright about a married couple living in north Sydney. It was one of Enright's most popular works.
 Viriconium is an omnibus collection of two books of the Viriconium series by M. John Harrison. It was published in 1988 by Allen & Unwin. The book contains the novel In Viriconium and the full contents of the short story collection Viriconium Nights. Several of the stories first appeared in the magazines New Worlds and Interzone.
 The Journal of Contemporary Asia is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of Asian studies. It was established in 1970 and is published quarterly by Routledge. It is currently co-edited by its founders Peter Limqueco and Kevin Hewison.According to the Journal Citation Reports the 2012 impact factor of the journal was 0.845 ranking it 6th out of 60 publications in the category Area studies.
 The Baltic Times is an independent monthly newspaper that covers latest political economic business and cultural events in Estonia Latvia and Lithuania.The paper was formed from a merger in 1996 of the Baltic Independent and Baltic Observer. It is the only English language print newspaper covering all three Baltic states.
 Kéraban the Inflexible (French: Kéraban-le-têtu 1883) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne.
 Crossed is a comic book written by Garth Ennis and drawn by Jacen Burrows for the first ten issues and published by Avatar Press. Following volumes Crossed: Family Values Crossed 3D and Crossed: Psychopath were written by David Lapham. A new series Crossed: Badlands is written and drawn by rotating creative teams. A web comic Crossed: Wish You Were Here has also been produced.
 Tales of the South Pacific is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book which is a collection of sequentially related short stories about World War II written by James A. Michener in 1946 and published in 1947. The stories were based on observations and anecdotes he collected while stationed as a lieutenant commander in the US Navy on the island of Espiritu Santo in the New Hebrides Islands (now known as Vanuatu).
 On the Edge: Political Cults Right and Left is a non-fiction book about political cults written by Dennis Tourish and Tim Wohlforth.
 The Nerve was a free Canadian monthly music magazine. It was founded in 1998 and was distributed in Vancouver Victoria Bellingham Seattle Edmonton Calgary Winnipeg Toronto and Montreal. The last issue was published in December 2007 (featuring Vancouver band Black Mountain on its cover) and has been on hiatus ever since. No official announcement has yet been made regarding this halt.
 The Edge Chronicles is a children's fantasy novel series by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell. It consists of three trilogies plus four additional books and other books related to the universe. Originally published in the United Kingdom this series has since been published in the United States Canada and Australia. To date more than three million copies of the novels have been sold. The fictional places and characters in the books are described below using in-universe tone of writing.
 Brevard Business News is a weekly newspaper in Melbourne Florida United States covering business news and trends for the Space Coast. Fred Krupski started Brevard Business News in 1981 and Adrienne B. Roth purchased it in 1986.
 A Radical Tory: Garfield Barwick's Reflections and Recollections is an autobiography of Sir Garfield Edward John Barwick AK GCMG QC (22 June 1903 – 13 July 1997) was the Attorney-General of Australia (1958–64) Minister for External Affairs (1961–64) and the seventh and longest serving Chief Justice of Australia (1964–81). He was appointed a judge of the International Court of Justice (1973–74).
 La Tribuna is an Honduran newspaper owned by Honduran former president Carlos Roberto Flores.
 Ask Shagg is a syndicated daily comic strip drawn by cartoonist Peter Guren since 1980. It is distributed by Creators Syndicate; it had been distributed by United Feature Syndicate from 1980 until 1995. The strip has run in dozens of newspapers including the Boston Globe Columbus Dispatch and Seattle Post-Intelligencer. In each strip Guren through his Shagg E. Dawg character answers questions from readers about the animal kingdom.
 Ndryshe is a newspaper published in Albania.
 An Introduction to Metaphysics (German: Einführung in die Metaphysik) is a book by Martin Heidegger and is the published version of a lecture course he gave in the Summer of 1935 at the University of Freiburg. The book is famous both for its powerful reinterpretation of Greek thought and infamous for its acknowledgement of the Nazi Party.
 Slaves in their bonds or Slaves in their chains (Greek:Σκλάβοι στα δεσμά τους) is a novel of Konstantinos Theotokis written in 1922. It was the last novel of Konstantinos Theotokis. The novel was adapted for the cinema in 2008 directed by Adonis Lykouresis. It also adapted for TV in 1981 but the tv series is never played because of the political change at this period.
 Neurosis and Human Growth: The Struggle Toward Self-Realization is the magnum opus of German-American psychoanalyst Karen Horney. In it she outlines her theory of neurosis.In Horney's view the key difference between neurosis and healthy growth is the difference between compulsive actions fueled by anxiety and spontaneous actions fueled by one's full range of emotions.
 Three Days in Europe is a five-issue mini-series by Antony Johnston and Mike Hawthorne published by Oni Press between November 2002 and April 2003.
 Goggles! is a 1969 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.
 The Western Producer is a regional weekly publication based in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada publishing news of interest to western Canadian farmers.Harris Turner and A.P. Pat Waldron began the Saskatoon-based Modern Press publishing company in 1923. This followed the demise of Turner's previous venture Turner's Weekly which originated in 1918. Modern released its first issue of The Progressive on 24 August 1923.
 Four Ways to Forgiveness is a collection of four short stories or novellas by Ursula K. Le Guin. All four stories are set in the future and deal with the planets Yeowe and Werel both members of the Ekumen a collective of planets used by Le Guin as part of the background for many novels and short stories in her Hainish Cycle.
 Sun of Suns Book One of Virga is a science fiction novel by Karl Schroeder published by Tor in 2006. It is set in the fictional world of Virga a world devoid of gravity and multiple artificial stars a fullerene sphere filled with air and full of drifting rocks and nations floating around Candesce (the eponymous Sun of Suns). The story focuses around three main characters Hayden Griffin Admiral Chaison Fanning and his wife Venera Fanning.
 For the district in the Bahamas see Rock Sound Bahamas.Rock Sound is a British magazine which champions rock music. The magazine aims at being more underground and less commercial while also giving coverage to more well-known acts. It generally focuses on the pop punk pop-punk emo hardcore post-hardcore heavy metal and extreme metal genres of rock music rarely covering indie rock music at all.
 Humsafar (Urdu: هم سفر‎) is a romantic novel written by Farhat Ishtiaq. The novel was first published in 7 parts in Khawateen Digest monthly from July 2007 to January 2008. It was later published as a complete novel by Ilm-o-Irfan Publishers. The story revolves around Ashar and Khirad's relationship with their daughter Hareem and how she unknowingly bridges the distances that exist between her parents. The novel is written in a retrospective manner and told mostly in flashbacks.
 PlayStation Magazine Ufficiale also known by the acronym PSMU initially named as Ufficiale PlayStation Magazine and after as PlayStation 2 Magazine Ufficiale is the Italian edition of PlayStation: The Official Magazine video game magazine specializing in all Sony video game consoles and handheld gaming platforms. The magazine features previews reviews and cheat codes for Sony games.
 The Wonder Woman Chronicles is a series of trade paperbacks from DC Comics intended to reprint all Wonder Woman stories chronologically (based on publication) starting with her earliest appearance.
 Tourist Season is a 1986 novel by Carl Hiaasen. It was his first solo novel after co-writing several mystery/thriller novels with William Montalbano.
 The Martian Way and Other Stories is a 1955 collection of four science fiction novellas previously published by Isaac Asimov in 1952 and 1954. Although single-author story collections generally sell poorly The Martian Way and Other Stories did well enough that Doubleday science fiction editor Walter I. Bradbury was willing to publish a second collection Earth Is Room Enough in 1957.
 Princess Jellyfish (海月姫 Kuragehime) is a Japanese josei manga series written and illustrated by Akiko Higashimura. It began serialization in the Kodansha manga magazine Kiss on November 10 2008. An 11-episode anime television series based on the manga was produced by Brain's Base and aired on Fuji TV's Noitamina programming block between October and December 2010. The anime has been licensed by Funimation. A live-action film adaptation will premiere in Japan in December 2014.
 Walking to Hollywood is a 2010 novel by writer and media personality Will Self. Self describes the novel as 'a cross between a comical farce and an intense misery memoir'. The novel is published by Bloomsbury in the U.K. and Grove Press in the U.S. It was mainly conceived whilst Self himself walked to Hollywood from Los Angeles Airport.
 The Robert Heinlein Interview and other Heinleiniana is non-fiction collection about science fiction author Robert A. Heinlein. Written by J. Neil Schulman from 1972 through 1988 the book was first published in 1990.
 In Mayan Splendor is a collection of poems by Frank Belknap Long. It was released in 1977 by Arkham House in an edition of 2947 copies. The book is illustrated by Stephen E. Fabian and contains the complete contents of Long's earlier verse collections A Man from Genoa (1926) and The Goblin Tower (1935) plus additional poems.
 The Treasure of the Humble (French: Le Trésor des humbles) is a collection of thirteen deeply reflective mystical essays by the Belgian Nobel Laureate Maurice Maeterlinck. The work is dedicated to Georgette Leblanc.
 All-New X-Men is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in November 2012 with the launch of Marvel NOW!. The series centers on the five original X-Men brought from the past to the present to confront their future counterparts. The series replaces Uncanny X-Men vol. 2 as the flagship book of the X-Men franchise.
 The Piano Teacher (German: Die Klavierspielerin) is a novel by Austrian Nobel Prize winner Elfriede Jelinek first published in 1983 by Rowohlt Verlag. Translated by Joachim Neugroschel it was the first of Jelinek's novels to be translated into English.The novel follows protagonist Erika Kohut a sexually and emotionally repressed piano teacher as she enters into a sadomasochistic relationship with her student Walter Klemmer the results of which are disastrous.
 The Last Witchfinder is a 2006 historical fiction novel by James Morrow. The book was first published in hardback on March 14 2006 through William Morrow and has subsequently been re-published in paperback format. The Last Witchfinder follows a young girl whose father works as a witch-finder.
 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre is a 1927 adventure novel by the mysterious German-English bilingual author B. Traven in which two destitute Americans of the 1920s join with an old-timer in Mexico to prospect for gold. The book was adapted successfully as a 1948 film of the same name by John Huston.
 Gladiator-At-Law is a satirical science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth. It was first published in 1955 by Ballantine Books and republished in 1986 by Baen Books.
 Celtic Family Magazine is a Los Angeles California-based print and electronic publication serving Celtic communities and their descendants around the world. Celtic Family Magazine publishes special features and articles on art history culture entertainment and lifestyle. Celtic Family Magazine is produced by A Raven Above Press and is distributed throughout North America and select areas of the United Kingdom.
 Child of the Northern Spring is the first novel in Persia Woolley's Guinevere trilogy about the Arthurian legend. The novel is written in first person perspective narrated by Guinevere in the form of a frame narrative.
 Chances is a 1981 novel by Jackie Collins and is the first novel in The Santangelo Novels series. The novel has three focal points two of them focusing on the main characters of the novel and a third during the New York City blackout of 1977.
 The Resistance was a post-apocalyptic cyberpunk comic book limited series written and created by Justin Gray and Jimmy Palmiotti with art by Juan Santacruz. Totaling 8 issues the series was published by Wildstorm with issue #1 being cover dated November 2002. It is unrelated to and should not be confused with the later similarly named Wildstorm series Resistance. The collected edition was published by IDW in APRIL 2009 collecting all 8 issues that were first published in 2002.
 Mindhunter (also known as Aliens/Predator/Witchblade/The Darkness: Mindhunter Witchblade/Aliens/The Darkness/Predator: Mindhunter etc.) is a three issue comic book limited series published by Dark Horse Comics.It features a crossover between the comic book characters Witchblade and The Darkness as well as the famous film properties Aliens and Predator. The series was written by David Quinn with pencils by Mel Rubi inks by Mike Perkins and cover art by Eric Kohler.
 101 Uses for a Dead Cat by Simon Bond was a bestselling collection of macabre cartoons. The book was promoted with the tag line Since time immemorial mankind has been plagued by the question 'What do you do with a dead cat?' It consisted of cartoons depicting the bodies of dead cats being used for various purposes including anchoring boats sharpening pencils and holding bottles of wine.
 Computer is an IEEE Computer Society practitioner-oriented magazine issued to all members of the society. It contains peer-reviewed articles regular columns and interviews on current computing-related issues. The magazine can be categorized somewhere between a trade magazine and a research journal drawing on elements of both. Computer provides information regarding current research developments trends best practices and changes in the profession.
 Soul Underground was a UK-based music magazine covering ‘underground’ black music and dance music which launched in 1987 and ceased publication in January 1991.The magazine was conceived as a reaction to what co-founders Darren Reynolds and David Lubich saw as the failure of the mainstream music press to cover the growth of an underground dance music scene in the UK. This went beyond the music itself to the fashions warehouse parties and subcultures that were finding their feet at the time.
 La Venexiana (The Venetian Girl) is an anonymous Italian comedy in five acts from 1535-1537. The comedy plays on the dialects of Tuscany Venice and Bergamo. It was filmed as an erotic comedy La Venexiana (film) in 1986.
 Something Leather is a novel-in-stories by Alasdair Gray which was published in 1990. Its framing narrative is the story of June's initiation into sado-masochistic activities by the female operators of a leather clothing shop in Glasgow.The four central characters are from different social groups: June works for the civil service; Donalda is a dressmaker and Senga her employer; and Harry (Harriet) is an aristocratic English artist and dominatrix.
 The Alchemist (Portuguese: O Alquimista) is a novel by Paulo Coelho first published in the year 1988. Originally written in Portuguese by its Brazilian-born author it has been translated into at least 56 languages as of September 2012. An allegorical novel The Alchemist follows a young Andalusian shepherd named Santiago in his journey to Egypt after having a recurring dream of finding treasure there. The book is an international bestseller.
 The International Journal of e-Collaboration is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the interdisciplinary field of e-collaboration at the intersection of human-computer interaction computer-supported cooperative work and electronic commerce. It was established in 2005 and is published by IGI Global. The editor-in-chief is Ned Kock (Texas A&M International University). Every year the journal's editorial board selects one article to receive its Best Article Award.
 Swatantra Nepali (Nepali: स्वतंत्र नेपाली 'Free Nepali') was a Nepali language weekly newspaper published from Dehra Dun India. The newspaper covered political issues of Nepal and voiced opposition against Rana rule in the country. The first issue of Swatantra Nepali was published on August 21 1954. The newspaper was published by Thakur Chandan Singh (that had run different magazines in the past but left publishing in 1933).
 Moskovskaya Komsomolka was a satirical newspaper published weekly in Russia (1999-2001). The newspaper had a fixed 32 page layout.
 Appointment with F.E.A.R. is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Steve Jackson illustrated by Declan Considine and originally published in 1985 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2004. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 17th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031922-0) and 18th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-527-1).
 Mr. Murder is a horror novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1993.
 NÓS (Irish pronunciation: [n̪ˠoːsˠ] meaning custom or trend) is an Irish language culture and lifestyle magazine. Launched online on 17 March 2008 during Irish Language Week Seachtain na Gaeilge it began publishing a glossy print edition in November of the same year. Run on a voluntary basis this full-colour monthly edition continued for over a year before NÓS was printed as an entertainment supplement with Irish language weekly newspaper Gaelscéal.
 The Minpins is a book by Roald Dahl with illustrations by Patrick Benson. It was published in 1991 a few months after Dahl's death in November 1990 and it is believed to be the author's final contribution to literature after an illustrious career spanning almost half a century. It is also one of the very few books by Roald Dahl not to be illustrated by Quentin Blake.
 The Act of Creation is a 1964 book by Arthur Koestler. It is a study of the processes of discovery invention imagination and creativity in humour science and the arts.
 Emily's Quest is a novel and the last of the Emily trilogy by Lucy Maud Montgomery. After finishing Emily Climbs Montgomery suspended writing Emily's Quest and published The Blue Castle; she resumed writing and published in 1927.
 World's Best Science Fiction: 1967 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr the third volume in a series of seven. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in 1967. It was reprinted by the same publisher in 1970 under the alternate title World's Best Science Fiction: Third Series. The book collects twelve novellas novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction by the editors.
 Loon Lake is a 1980 novel by E. L. Doctorow. The plot of the novel is mostly set on Loon Lake in the Adirondacks during the Depression. The novel is one of the more experimental works of Doctorow incorporating a great variety of different techniques many of which are used for preventing the reader from an easy understanding of the narration: traditional narratives stream of consciousness poetry mixed up chronology.
 The Cone Gatherers (also The Cone-Gatherers) is a novel by the Scottish writer Robin Jenkins first published in 1955.The background to the novel comes from Jenkins' own wartime experience as a conscientious objector doing forestry work.
 Beautiful Stories from Shakespeare is a collection published by E. Nesbit with the intention of entertaining young readers and telling William Shakespeare's plays in a way they could be easily understood. She included a brief Shakespeare biography a pronunciation guide to some of the more difficult names and a list of famous quotations arranged by subject.
 Folio is a literary magazine founded in 1984 and based at American University in Washington D.C. It publishes fiction poetry and creative non-fiction twice each year. Folio is also known for interviews with prominent writers most recently Ann Beattie Alice Fulton Leslie Pietrzyk Gregory Orr and Adam Haslett. Work that has appeared in Folio was short-listed for the Pushcart Prize multiple time in the 1980s.Among the notable stories that first appeared in Folio are Jacob M.
 The Electrical Experimenter was a technical science magazine that was published monthly. It was established in May 1913 as the successor to Modern Electrics a combination of a magazine and mail-order catalog that had been published by Hugo Gernsback starting in 1908.
 The Hand of Zei is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp the second book of his Viagens Interplanetarias series and its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna. The book has a convoluted publication history. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction as a four-part serial in the issues for October 1950-January 1951.
 The Wingless Victory was a 1936 Broadway three act drama written by Maxwell Anderson produced by Katharine Cornell and staged by Guthrie McClintic. Jo Mielziner created the scenic and costume design. It ran for 110 performances from December 23 1936 to March 1937 at the Empire Theatre. It was set in the year 1800.
 Wonders of a Godless World is a 2009 novel by Andrew McGahan. Described as a kind of modern fable that verges on fantasy it won the 2009 Aurealis Award for best science fiction novel.It follows the story of an orphan girl who is working in the wards of the insane and incapable but the inhabitants are thrown into turmoil after a series of strange murders following the arrival of a new patient.
 Billions of Entrepreneurs is a book written by Harvard Business School professor Tarun Khanna. It was published in 2008 by Harvard Business School Press.The author through this book gives an analysis of China and India and explain to readers how these two emerging Asian economies are reshaping the global economy in the 21st century.
 Pharmaceutical Research is an official journal of the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists and covers research spanning the entire spectrum of drug discovery development evaluation and regulatory approval. Small drug molecules biotechnology products including genes peptides proteins and vaccines and genetically engineered cells are an integral part of papers published.
 The Bicentennial Man is a novelette in the Robot series by Isaac Asimov. It was awarded the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award for best science fiction novelette of 1976.According to the foreword in Robot Visions Asimov was approached to write a story titled Bicentennial Man for a science fiction collection along with a number of other authors who would do the same in honor of the bicentennial of the United States.
 Staburags (newspaper) is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 The Monthly Weather Review is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society. It covers research related to analysis and prediction of observed and modeled circulations of the atmosphere including technique development data assimilation model validation and relevant case studies. This includes papers on numerical techniques and data assimilation techniques that apply to the atmosphere and/or ocean environment. The editor-in-chief is David M.
 Scales of the Serpent is a 2007 novel written by Richard A. Knaak and is the second novel in the Diablo trilogy The Sin War. It continues the story from Birthright and is followed by The Veiled Prophet.
 Surgical Endoscopy is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It is the official journal of the Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons and the European Association for Endoscopic Surgery.Surgical Endoscopy covers the surgical aspects of interventional endoscopy ultrasound and other techniques in gastroenterology obstetrics gynecology and urology.
 Cock-A-Doodle-Doo! or The Crowing of the Nobel Cock Beneventano is an 1853 short story by the American writer Herman Melville. It was first published in the December 1853 issue of Harper's Magazine the same month the second installment of Bartleby the Scrivener appeared in Putnam's.
 Studio International was an international illustrated contemporary art magazine published in London from 1964 until 1992. It incorporated an earlier magazine The Studio: an illustrated magazine of fine and applied art and was sometimes subtitled Studio International incorporating The Studio. Other issues are named Studio International: Journal of Modern Art. Six issues per year were published until July 1992 when regular publication ended.
 American Journal of Men's Health is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Health. The journal's editor is Demetrius James Porche (New Orleans School of Nursing). It has been in publication since 2007 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 On the Beach is a 1957 post-apocalyptic novel written by British-Australian author Nevil Shute after he immigrated to Australia. The novel details the experiences of a mixed group of people in Melbourne as they await the arrival of deadly radiation spreading towards them from the northern hemisphere following a nuclear war a year previously.
 Harpist in the Wind is a 1979 fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It is the concluding book of the Riddle Master Trilogy the first two books being The Riddle-Master of Hed and Heir of Sea and Fire. All three books were collected into the volume Riddle-Master: The Complete Trilogy in 1999. The first UK paperback edition precedes the first US paperback.
 The Fruits of Enlightenment aka Fruits of Culture (1889) is a play by the Russian writer Leo Tolstoy. It satirizes the persistence of unenlightened attitudes towards the peasants amongst the Russian landed aristocracy. In 1891 Constantin Stanislavski achieved success when he directed the play for his Society of Art and Literature organization.Tolstoy created the first incomplete draft of the play in 1886 along with The Power of Darkness.
 Radical Teacher is a socialist feminist and anti-racist magazine dedicated to issues of education. It is published triannually by the Center for Critical Education Inc. a nonprofit organization. It is edited by a collective of nearly 50 individuals.Radical Teacher publishes articles of interest to radical educators at all levels of education. It reports on pedagogy and curriculum as well as on educational issues related to gender and sexuality globalization race and similar topics.
 Annales Scientifiques de l'École Normale Supérieure is a French scientific journal of mathematics published by the Société Mathématique de France. It was established in 1864 by the French chemist Louis Pasteur and published articles in mathematics physics chemistry biology and geology. In 1900 it became a purely mathematical journal. It is published with help of the Centre national de la recherche scientifique.
 How Civilizations Die(And Why Islam Is Dying Too) is a book written by the Jewish author and economist David P.Goldman. The book was published on September 19 2011 by Regnery Publishing.
 Always Running: La Vida Loca Gang Days in L.A. is a 1993 autobiographical book by Mexican-American author Luis J. Rodriguez.
 Iranian Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering Iranian and Persianate history literature and society published by Routledge on behalf of the International Society for Iranian Studies. It is published 6 times a year and was established in 1967. The editor-in-chief is Homa Katouzian (St. Antony's College University of Oxford). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the MLA International Bibliography.
 The More-with-Less Cookbook is a cookbook commissioned by the Mennonite Central Committee in 1976 with the goal of helping Christians respond in a caring-sharing way in a world with limited food resources and to challenge North Americans to consume less so others could eat enough.
 Las Cruces Bulletin is a weekly community newspaper published in Las Cruces New Mexico. The paper is distributed free to homes and businesses in Las Cruces and is available by paid subscription elsewhere.
 Il Venerdì (full name: Il Venerdì di Repubblica) first published in 1987 is a weekly supplement of la Repubblica which deals with news culture politics and current affairs.
 Cinema 1: The Movement Image (French: Cinéma 1. L'Image-Mouvement) is a 1983 book by the philosopher Gilles Deleuze that combines philosophy with film criticism. Originally published by Les Éditions de Minuit it was translated into English by Hugh Tomlinson. In the Preface to the French edition Deleuze says that This study is not a history of cinema. It is a taxonomy an attempt at the classifications of images and signs and acknowledges the influence of the American pragmatist C.S.
 RASL is an independently published black and white comic book series written and drawn by Bone creator Jeff Smith. The series showed Smith's dark side as it was much more mature than his previous works. The series originally ran with 3 issues a year with repeated delays but has now been changed to a bimonthly schedule.
 A Breath of Snow and Ashes is the sixth volume of the best-selling Outlander series written by Diana Gabaldon.
 A Presumption of Death is a mystery novel by Jill Paton Walsh based loosely on The Wimsey Papers by Dorothy L. Sayers. The Wimsey Papers were a series of articles published by Sayers during World War II purporting to be letters written between the various Wimseys during the war (similar to Busman's Honeymoon Sayers's last completed Wimsey novel the novel's prologue consists entirely of selections from these letters).
 Le Curé de Tours is a long short story (or more properly a novella) by Honoré de Balzac written in 1832. Originally entitled Les Célibataires (The Celibates) it was published in that year in volume III of the 2nd edition of Scènes de la vie privée then republished in 1833 and again in 1839 still with the same title but as one of the Scènes de la vie de province.
 De puinhopen van acht jaar Paars (Dutch: [də ˈpœynoːpən vAn Aɣt jaːr ˈpaːrs]  English: The Wreckage of Eight Purple Years) is a political non-fiction book released by the Dutch political commentator and aspiring lawmaker Pim Fortuyn in 2002; two months prior to his assassination.
 Thief River Falls Run is a science fiction novel written in 1986 by David L. Robbins. It is the second book in the Endworld series and was published by Leisure Books.
 The People of the Black Circle is one of the original novellas about Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine in three parts over the September October and November 1934 issues.
 The Bild newspaper (or Bild-Zeitung literally Picture Newspaper; pronounced [ˈbɪlt]) is a German tabloid published by Axel Springer AG. The paper is published from Monday to Saturday; on Sundays its sister paper Bild am Sonntag (Picture on the Sunday) is published instead which has a different style and its own editors. Bild is tabloid in style but broadsheet in size.
 The Excalibur Alternative is a science fiction novel written by David Weber and published by Baen Books in 2002. It is one of several novels based on the premise of David Drake's 1986 novel Ranks of Bronze. This novel is based on the short story Sir George and the Dragon which appeared in the 2001 anthology Foreign Legions.
 For Whom the Bell Tolls is a novel by Ernest Hemingway published in 1940. It tells the story of Robert Jordan a young American in the International Brigades attached to a republican guerrilla unit during the Spanish Civil War. As a dynamiter he is assigned to blow up a bridge during an attack on the city of Segovia.
 An Artist of the Floating World (1986) is a novel by Kazuo Ishiguro. It is set in post-World War II Japan and is narrated by Masuji Ono an ageing painter who looks back on his life and how he has lived it. He notices how his once great reputation has faltered since the war and how attitudes towards him and his paintings have changed. The chief conflict deals with Ono's need to accept responsibility for his past actions.
 Giornale di Sicilia is an Italian daily national newspaper for the island of Sicily. It is based in Palermo and is also the best-selling newspaper in Sicily.It was founded in 1860 immediately following the Expedition of the Thousand headed by Giuseppe Garibaldi; it was first published on 7 June of that year under the name Giornale Officiale di Sicilia with Girolamo Ardizzone as its first editor-in-chief.
 Nature Religion Today: Paganism in the Modern World is an academic anthology edited by the British religious studies scholars Joanne Pearson Richard H. Roberts and Geoffrey Samuel which was published by Edinburgh University Press in 1998.
 The Fat Girl Gets a Haircut and other Stories is a 12-part play created by artist Mark Storor in collaboration with a cast of teenage actors. The play was first performed in The Roundhouse at Chalk Farm North London UK on April 26 2011 and set to run until May 7 2011. Artist / Director Mark Storor is known for his work in the play For the Best at the (Unicorn Theatre London and Unity Theatre Liverpool) about a dialysis drama for children.
 The Coloradoan is a daily newspaper in Fort Collins Colorado. The Coloradoan's website is updated throughout the day with breaking news and video coverage of community news. A portion of the paper's newsroom serves as Northern Newsroom for 9News.
 The Bridge to Never Land written by Ridley Pearson and Dave Barry is the fifth book in the Peter and the Starcatchers series. It follows Aidan and Sarah Cooper the main characters in the story.
 Open Systems & Information Dynamics (OSID) is a journal published by World Scientific. It covers interdisciplinary research in mathematics physics engineering and life sciences based upon the fields of information processing storage and transmission in both quantum and classical settings with a theoretical focus. Topics include quantum information theory open systems decoherence complexity theory of classical and quantum systems and other models of information processing.
 Night and Day is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the eighth in his Jesse Stone series. It was the last in the series to be published before his death in 2010.
 Vargens lilla lamm (in Swedish: Little Lamb of the Wolf) is a historical novel by Margit Sandemo whose happenings dates to Middle Ages. It has been published in Norwegian with Barnebruden (Child Bride) in a Spesialbøker-serie where has been published novels from many writers.
 Women of the Apocalypse is a Prix-Aurora-winning fantasy anthology of four novellas. There is a brief framing device – four archangels attempt to activate four human male heroes to save the world from the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse but mistakenly empower four women. Each novella centers around one woman's trials against one of the Horsemen. The anthology was published in October 2009 by Absolute XPress. Cover art by Herman Lau and design by John Teeter.
 The Promised Land is the 1912 autobiography of Mary Antin. It tells the story of her early life in what is now Belarus and her immigration to the United States in 1894. The book focuses on her attempts to assimilate into the culture of the United States. It received very positive reviews and sold many copies. It allowed Antin to begin speaking publicly a platform that she used to promote acceptance of immigration to the United States.
 A Blueprint for Survival was an influential environmentalist text that drew attention to the urgency and magnitude of environmental problems.
 The Telegraf was a local weekly newspaper published in Baltimore Maryland. The newspaper ran for 42 years from February 20 1909 until 1951. It was directed at the Czech community in Baltimore and was published in the Czech language. The newspaper was founded and first published by Vaclav Joseph Shimek who also founded the Grand Lodge Č.S.P.S. of Baltimore. After 1929 the newspaper was edited by the Rev. Frank Novak and published by August Klecka.
 Perfect Nightmare is a psychological thriller novel by John Saul published by Ballantine Books on August 23 2005. The novel follows the story of teenage Lindsay Marshall who is abducted from her home while her family is in the process of selling it.
 1812: The Rivers of War is a 2005 alternate history novel by American writer Eric Flint. The book was originally published in hardcover as simply The Rivers of War. In 2006 the text was made available at the Baen Free Library.
 Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies is a 1989 book by United States academic Noam Chomsky concerning political power using propaganda to distort and distract from major issues to maintain confusion and complicity preventing real democracy from becoming effective.
 Our Last Best Chance: The Pursuit of Peace in a Time of Peril (Arabic: فرصتنا الأخيرة: السعي نحو السلام في وقت الخطر ) is a book written by King Abdullah II of Jordan and published by Viking Press in New York City. The book is available in eight languages highlights King Abdullah's vision towards resolving the Arab–Israeli conflict as well as the challenges facing the Middle East.
 Lady in Waiting is a historical novel by Rosemary Sutcliff and first published in 1957.It is set in the Elizabethan era and beginning of the Stuart period of England telling the life story of Sir Walter Raleigh primarily through the viewpoint of his wife Bess Throckmorton.
 Obabakoak is a 1988 short story collection by the Basque writer Bernardo Atxaga. The title can be translated as Individuals and things of Obaba. The book won the Novel National Prize.
 Fiji Focus is a Fijian bi-monthly newspaper originally launched as New Dawn by the government of Fiji's Ministry of Information and Archives in June 2009. Its motto is A better Fiji for you and me.
 The Forged Coupon (Russian: Фальшивый купон Fal'shivyi kupon) is a novella in two parts by Leo Tolstoy. Though he first conceived of the story in the late 1890s he did not begin writing it until 1902. After struggling for several years he finally completed the story in 1904; however it was not published until some of Tolstoy's shorter works were collected and anthologized after his death in 1910.
 The Melbourne School of Continental Philosophy (MSCP) is an institution dedicated to scholarly extensive and engaged readings of key figures and texts in the history of modern European thought and contemporary discourse. The School was founded in 2003 and formalised its status as an independent not-for-profit organisation in 2004. It is based in Melbourne Australia and is housed by The University of Melbourne.
 Stem Cell Reviews and Reports is a scientific journal published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media. Stem Cell Reviews and Reports covers contemporary and emerging areas in stem cells including embryonic and adult stem cells and related lineage and cloning issues. Coverage provides a synthesis of current concepts in the field and probes emerging issues and controversies.
 Bond(z) (ボンズ Bonzu) is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Toko Kawai. It is licensed in North America by 801 Media which released the manga in April 2007 and in France by Taifu Comics.
 Invasion: How America Still Welcomes Terrorists Criminals and Other Foreign Menaces to Our Shores (ISBN 0-89526-075-1) is a 2002 book written by political commentator and author Michelle Malkin. In it she states that the U.S.
 The National Intelligencer newspaper published in Washington D.C. from about 1800 until 1870.Until 1810 it was named the National intelligencer and Washington advertiser. Its name changed to the National Intelligencer starting with the issue of November 27 1810. The newspaper was published daily from 1813 to 1867 as the Daily National Intelligencer and was the dominant newspaper of the capital.Samuel Harrison Smith a prominent newspaperman was an early proprietor.
 Kingdom of the Golden Dragon (El Reino del Dragón de Oro) is a 2004 book by Chilean writer Isabel Allende. It is the sequel to City of the Beasts and the prequel to Forest of the Pygmies.
 Carrie is an American epistolary novel and author Stephen King's first published novel released on April 5 1974 with an approximate first print-run of 30000 copies. Set in the then-future year of 1979 it revolves around the eponymous Carrietta N. Carrie White a shy high school girl who uses her newly discovered telekinetic powers to exact revenge on those who tease her—in the process causing one of the worst disasters in American history.
 The Island of the Colorblind is a book by neurologist Oliver Sacks about achromatopsia on the Micronesian atoll of Pingelap. The second half of the book is devoted to the mystery of Lytico-Bodig disease in Guam.
 A Common Confusion (Eine alltägliche Verwirrung) is a short story by Franz Kafka. It was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin 1931). The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections (New York: Schocken Books 1946).The story details transactions between A and B. A meets B at H and comes home pleased with the events.
 Explosion in a Cathedral (Spanish title: El Siglo de las Luces The Century of Lights) is a historical novel by Cuban writer and musicologist Alejo Carpentier. The book follows the story of three privileged Creole orphans from Havana as they meet French adventurer Victor Hugues and get involved in the revolutionary turmoil that shook the Atlantic World at the end of the eighteenth century.
 The Gold Coast Bulletin is a daily newspaper serving Australia's Gold Coast region. It is published as The Gold Coast Bulletin on weekdays and the Weekend Bulletin at weekends. It is printed locally at its state-of-the-art facility in Molendinar and it is owned by News Limited. In August 2011 police and the parents of a murder victim criticized the paper for falsely accusing their son of child sex crimes.
 Poetry International is a literary magazine published annually by San Diego State University Press that was established in 1997. The journal has since its 4th issue included a section focusing on poetry in translation from one nation. Poetry International is supported by a grant from the Edwin Watkins Foundation. The editor-in-chief is Ilya Kaminsky.
 J.B. is a 1958 play written in free verse by American playwright and poet Archibald MacLeish and is a modern retelling of the story of the biblical figure Job — hence the title: J.B./Job. The play went through several incarnations before it was finally published. MacLeish began the work in 1953 as a one-act production but within three years had expanded it to a full three-act manuscript.There are two versions of J.B.
 You may also be looking for the song The Red Poppies on Monte Cassino.The Red Poppies on Monte Cassino - poems and songs 1939-1945 (Polish: Czerwone Maki na Monte Cassino. Wiersze i piosenki 1939-1945) is the title of a collection of period works by Feliks Konarski (pseudonym: Ref-Ren). The book's title Czerwone Maki is also the name of one of the most famous Polish songs to emerge from World War II.
 Bodhi Magazine (ISBN 1-929046-05-7) is a 72-page internationally distributed full-color glossy format Buddhist periodical that is issued on a quarterly basis. First printed in 1997 its content is created by and for Nyingma and Kagyu sanghas.
 Correo del Orinoco (the Orinoco Post) is a Venezuelan government backed progressive[citation needed] newspaper launched in 2009 named for Simón Bolívar's original Correo del Orinoco (1818–1822). It is associated with the United Socialist Party of Venezuela; Vanessa Davies is the editor.It launched an English-language edition in 2010; Eva Golinger is the editor-in-chief.
 The Times Herald-Record often referred to as The Record or Middletown Record in its coverage area is a daily newspaper published in Middletown New York covering the northwest suburbs of New York City. It covers Orange Sullivan and Ulster counties in New York; Pike County in Pennsylvania; and Sussex County in New Jersey. It is published in a tabloid format.The newspaper's news-gathering operations are largely decentralized the result of its large geographic reach.
 Netherland (2008) is a novel by Joseph O'Neill. It concerns the life of a Dutchman living in New York in the wake of the September 11 attacks who takes up cricket and starts playing at the Staten Island Cricket Club.
 The Book of Lost Tales is the title of a collection of early stories by J. R. R. Tolkien and of the first two volumes of Christopher Tolkien's 12-volume series The History of Middle-earth in which he presents and analyses the manuscripts of those stories which were the earliest form of the complex fictional myths that would eventually comprise The Silmarillion.
 Golconda Patrika was a Telugu-language journal. The editor and founder was Suravaram Pratap Reddy. It was a journal in Hyderabad State. Many of his articles appeared in journals like Sujata Shoba Bharati etc.
 The Yakima Herald-Republic is a newspaper published in Yakima Washington and distributed throughout Yakima Kittitas and Klickitat counties as well as northwest Benton County. It is Washington state's seventh-largest daily newspaper. The newspaper traces its roots to the late 19th century. Harte-Hanks bought the Herald-Republic in 1972 from the Robertson family. Harte-Hanks sold the paper to an affiliate of MediaNews Group in 1986.
 Doodles is a children's activity comic strip drawn by Steve Sack and Craig MacIntosh. Originally syndicated in 1985 as Professor Doodles' Just For Kids Corner the strip was renamed Doodles in 1998. The comic is distributed by Creators Syndicate.
 Tombstone's Main Event: A Tragedy at the O.K. Corral is a one-act play that was performed on the actual site of the infamous gunfight at the O.K. Corral from April 1 2007 to April 20 2013.
 The Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices is a reference book written by Brenda Love first published in 1992 and having since had various republications.
 Floodgate is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean first published in 1983. It is a rare example of inter-novel continuity in MacLean's writing as one of the characters in his previous novel Puppet on a Chain makes a re-appearance.
 Under the Window: Pictures & Rhymes for Children (London 1879) was Kate Greenaway's first children's picture book composed of her own verses and illustrations.
 Brokedown Palace is Steven Brust's only stand-alone novel set in Dragaera. It was originally published as a paperback original by Ace Books in 1986 and reprinted several times over the next decade. A British edition appeared in 1991. Orb an imprint of Tor Books brought the novel back into print in trade paperback in 2006. It is also notable for being set in Fenario the human-populated portion of that world.
 Psychology of Music is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Alexandra Lamont (Keele University). It has been in publication since 1973 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Education Music and Psychology Research (SEMPRE).
 Best Friends is a children's novel by Jacqueline Wilson first published in 2004.
 The Capture is the first book in the Guardians of Ga'Hoole series. It was written by Kathryn Lasky and was published by Scholastic on June 1 2003. The book tells the story of Soren a Barn Owl who is kidnapped and taken to St. Aegolius Academy for Orphaned Owls where he meets his friend Gylfie a tiny Elf Owl with whom he plans an escape.
 Slaves of the Shinar is a historical fantasy novel that was written by Justin Allen and published in 2006. The book explores the early lives and origins of characters and peoples to be found in middle eastern myths and religious texts especially the Biblical Book of Genesis and the Epic of Gilgamesh. Included from Genesis are depictions of the Nephilim (called Niphilim in the book) Jared (grandfather of Methuselah) Lamech (father of Noah) and Adah (wife of Lamech).
 MAGIC also known as The Magazine for Magicians is an independent magazine for magicians that is based in Las Vegas Nevada.
 Horizons: The Journal of the College Theology Society is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1974 and published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the College Theology Society (Villanova University). While rooted in the Catholic tradition of faith seeking understanding the journal covers a range of topics in theology and religious studies including Catholic theology as well as Christianity and religious experience more generally.
 Occult Chemistry: Investigations by Clairvoyant Magnification into the Structure of the Atoms of the Periodic Table and Some Compounds is a book written by Annie Besant C.W. Leadbeater and Curuppumullage Jinarajadasa who were all members of the Theosophical Society (based at Adyar India).
 L'Intermédiaire des Mathématiciens was a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering mathematics published by Gauthier-Villars et fils. It was established in 1894 by Émile Lemoine and Charles-Ange Laisant and was published until 1920. A second series started in 1922 and was published until 1925.
 History of the Necronomicon is a short story written by H. P. Lovecraft in 1927 and published in 1938. It describes the fictional book the Necronomicon a now-famous element used in several of his stories.
 M. Butterfly is a 1988 play by David Henry Hwang loosely based on the relationship between French diplomat Bernard Boursicot and Shi Pei Pu a male Peking opera singer. The play premiered on Broadway at the Eugene O'Neill Theatre on March 20 1988 closing after 777 performances on January 27 1990. It was directed by John Dexter with stars John Lithgow as Gallimard and BD Wong as Song Liling.
 Sexual Desire: A Philosophical Investigation is a 1986 book about the philosophy of sex by Roger Scruton.
 The Galoshes of Fortune (Danish: Lykkens Kalosker) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen first published by C. A. Reitzel in Copenhagen Denmark on 19 May 1838 with The True Soldier (one act verse play) and That was Done by the Zombie (poem) in Three Poetical Works.Reitzel paid Andersen 40 rixdollars for the story. In the tale Andersen continues to perfect his colloquial style. Andersen read the tale aloud in the late 1830s with his novel Only a Fiddler.
 A Rose for Emily is a short story by American author William Faulkner first published in the April 30 1930 issue of Forum. The story takes place in Faulkner's fictional city Jefferson Mississippi in the fictional county of Yoknapatawpha County. It was Faulkner's first short story published in a national magazine.
 Early Work is a poetry collection by Patti Smith published in 1994.
 The Cavalier Daily is the fully independent student-run newspaper at the University of Virginia founded in 1890. It is the oldest daily college newspaper in Virginia and the oldest newspaper in Charlottesville Virginia. Cavalier Daily alumni include affiliates of prominent media organizations and winners of prestigious journalistic awards including the Pulitzer Prize.
 Twelve Rounds to Glory: The Story of Muhammad Ali is a 2007 illustrated biography of Muhammad Ali for children written by Charles R. Smith Jr. and illustrated by Bryan Collier. Smith won an author honor at the 2008 Coretta Scott King Book Awards for this book.
 And Things That Go Bump in the Night is a play written in 1964 by Terrence McNally. It premiered on February 4 1964 at the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis. McNally was awarded a Rockefeller Foundation grant to write this play. The play ran on Broadway in 1965 for 16 performances.
 A Descent into the Maelström is an 1841 short story by Edgar Allan Poe. In the tale a man recounts how he survived a shipwreck and a whirlpool. It has been grouped with Poe's tales of ratiocination and also labeled an early form of science fiction.
 FamilyFun is a family magazine published 10 times annually by Meredith Corporation. Launched in 1991 by Jake Winebaum the magazine is written for parents with children aged 3 to 12 and focuses on family cooking vacations parties holidays crafts and learning. The magazine was purchased by Disney Publishing Worldwide in 1992 and Meredith acquired FamilyFun from Disney in 2012. Disney Interactive relaunched its FamilyFun.go.com site as Spoonful.com in 2012.
 Information Technologies & International Development (ITID) is an open access print and online peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies on communication and international development published quarterly by the USC Annenberg Press (University of Southern California).
 Inspector Ghote Plays A Joker is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. It is the fifth novel in the Inspector Ghote series.
 The Ultimate Solution is a 1973 alternate history novel by journalist and former Playboy interviewer Eric Norden set in a world where the Axis forces won World War II and partitioned the world between them and is noted for its particularly grim tone. Norden later wrote the 1977 Adolf Hitler-related science fiction novella The Primal Solution.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #12 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the twelfth volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Pocket Books in July 1983 and in hardcover by Gollancz in the same year.The book collects thirteen novellas novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction notes and concluding essays by Carr and Charles N. Brown.
 The Adventures of Pinocchio (/pɪˈnoʊki.oʊ/ US dict: pĭ·nō′·kē·ō; Italian: Le avventure di Pinocchio) is a novel for children by Italian author Carlo Collodi written in Florence. The first half was originally a serial in 1881 and 1882 and then later completed as a book for children in February 1883. It is about the mischievous adventures of Pinocchio (pronounced [piˈnɔkkjo] in Italian) an animated marionette; and his father a poor woodcarver named Geppetto.
 Storms of My Grandchildren: The Truth About the Coming Climate Catastrophe and Our Last Chance to Save Humanity is climate scientist James Hansen's first book published by Bloomsbury Press in 2009. The book is about threats to people and habitability for life on earth from global warming.
 Command Decision was a 1948 play in three acts written by William Wister Haines and formed the basis for his best-selling novel of the same title. Produced by Kermit Bloomgarden and directed by John O'Shaughnessy it ran for 409 performances from October 1 1947 to September 18 1948 at the Fulton Theatre in New York City. Actor Paul Kelly shared the Best Actor Tony Award that year for his performance.
 Darkest Hour is the fifth and final novel in a series of books about the Cutler family attributed to V. C. Andrews and published in 1993. It is allegedly based on the original ideas of Andrews but was written by ghostwriter Andrew Neiderman. Andrews is the credited author.The novel made the New York Times paperback bestsellers list in 1993.
 Marching In is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story was written at the request of the US publication High Fidelity with the stipulation that it be 2500 words long set about twenty-five years in the future and deal with some aspect of sound recording.
 The European Physical Journal E: Soft Matter and Biological Physics is a scientific journal focusing on the physics of soft matter and biophysics. It publishes papers describing advances in the understanding of physical aspects of soft liquid and living systems. This includes reports of experimental computational and theoretical studies and appeals to the broad interdisciplinary communities including physics chemistry biology and materials science.Topics covered include:
 The Barking & Dagenham Post is a weekly local newspaper in the area of the London Borough of Barking & Dagenham. It is published by Archant.The paper was originally called theDagenham Post and some older residents of its distribution area still refer to it by this name. It is published on Wednesdays and as at September 2007 the cover price for the paper edition is 50p.An online digital edition is available.
 The Vermont Daily News was an attempt to create a 100% online daily newspaper providing an in-depth view of Chittenden County and Vermont through a wholly Vermont-owned community journalism site. This paper covered local state and a smattering of national and world news. As of January 2011 the paper no longer existed.
 Encyclopædia Iranica is a project whose goal is to create a comprehensive and authoritative English language encyclopedia about the history culture and civilization of Iranian peoples from prehistory to modern times.
 The Confessor is a 2003 spy fiction novel by Daniel Silva.It is the third step on the Gabriel Allon series.
 Sumire 16 sai!! (スミレ16歳!!) is a Japanese manga written by Takeru Nagayoshi. It was serialized in Magazine Special published by Kodansha. A live action adaptation was also aired as a drama series starting April 13 2008 starring Nako Mizusawa and Takuma Otoo.
 Club is a monthly American pornographic magazine which is a spin-off publication of the United Kingdom's Club International. Club features sexually oriented articles video reviews and pictorials that include hardcore pornography masturbation dildo usage and lesbianism.
 Antaeus was a literary quarterly founded by Daniel Halpern and Paul Bowles and edited by Daniel Halpern. It was originally published in Tangier Morocco but operations were later shifted to New York City. The first number appeared in the summer of 1970 the final issue (#75/76) in 1994. Beginning with the third issue the magazine bore the imprint of the Ecco Press which eventually became established as a book publisher.
 Le Tombeau de Nostradamus (English: The Tomb of Nostradamus) is a one act farce by Alain-René Lesage. It was first performed at the Foire de Saint Laurent in 1714. Le Tombeau de Nostradamus is actually the final play in a series that includes La Foire de Guibray and Arlequin Mahomet. Between the three works Lesage created a comedy in three acts.
 New Writings in SF 2 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the second volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1964 followed by a paperback edition under the slightly variant title New Writings in S.F.-2 by Corgi in 1965 and an American paperback edition by Bantam Books in October 1966.
 Smeh za leseno pregrado is a novel by Slovenian author Jani Virk. It was first published in 2000.
 Watashi wa Shadow (私はシャドウ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Noriko Kasuya. It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series that premiered on TBS on 21 October 2011.
 The Green Ripper (1979) is a mystery novel by John D. McDonald the eighteenth of 21 in the Travis McGee series. It won a 1980 U.S. National Book Award in the one-year category Mystery.The plot is centered on revenge against a secretive terrorist cult that is responsible for killing McGee's lover Gretel. The title is a word play on the name of the Grim Reaper. McGee's friend Meyer an economist features prominently in the novel.
 Wolverine: Old Man Logan is an eight-issue storyline from the Wolverine ongoing series by writer Mark Millar and artist Steve McNiven published by Marvel Comics. It began in June 2008 ran through Wolverine #66-72 and ended in Wolverine Giant-Size Old Man Logan in September 2009. Set over fifty years in the future it uses a similar premise to another Millar book Wanted in which the world's supervillains band together to finally destroy all superheroes.
 Phantom Lady is a crime novel written by American author Cornell Woolrich under the pseudonym William Irish. It is the first novel Woolrich published under the William Irish pseudonym.
 The Poem of the Man-God (Italian title: Il Poema dell'Uomo-Dio) is a multi volume book of about five thousand pages on the life of Jesus Christ written by the reputed Italian mystic Maria Valtorta. The current editions of the book bear the title: The Gospel As It Was Revealed to Me.The book was first published in Italian in 1956 and has since been translated into 10 languages and is available worldwide.
 The Last of the Masters (aka Protection Agency) is a science fiction novelette by Philip K. Dick. The original manuscript of the story was received by the Scott Meredith Literary Agency on July 15 1953 and the story was published by the Hanro Corporation in the final issue of Orbit Science Fiction in 1954. It has since been reprinted in several Philip K.
 Stone Of Tears is the second book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth.
 Transactions of the Kansas Academy of Science is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Kansas Academy of Science. The journal covers biological and physical sciences mathematics and computer science history culture and philosophy of science and science education. the journal is abstracted and indexed in The Zoological Record and BIOSIS Previews.
 Japanzine is a Japan-based English-language magazine published by Carter Witt Media. Now 20 years in publication it is the successor magazine to The Alien and caters largely to the expatriate community in Japan. Each edition of the magazine contains a map of various Japanese cities and an entertainment guide as well as several articles - both satirical and serious - on Japanese life.
 Austral Ecology: A Journal of Ecology in the Southern Hemisphere is a peer-reviewed journal that publishes original research related to the ecology of land marine and freshwater systems in the Southern Hemisphere. Published by Blackwell Science Asia it is the official journal of the Ecological Society of Australia.First published in 1976 as Australian journal of ecology. it adopted its current name in 2000. There are eight issues per year. As of early 2007 there have been 32 volumes.
 Demihuman Deities is a Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition: Forgotten Realms campaign accessory published by Wizards of the Coast.
 This article is about an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle written by Saya Me. For the older Arakanese chronicle of the same name see Maha Razawin. For the standard chronicle of Toungoo Dynasty see Maha Yazawin.Saya Me's Maha Razawin (Burmese: ဆရာမည်၏ မဟာရာဇဝင်) is an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle covering the history of Arakan. The surviving portions of the chronicle consist of 24 palm-leaf manuscript bundles (288 palm-leaves).
 The Trial of Joan of Arc of Proven 1431 is an adaptation by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht of a radio play by Anna Seghers. It was written in collaboration with Benno Besson and premiered at the Berliner Ensemble in November 1952 in a production directed by Besson (his first important production with the Ensemble) with Käthe Reichel as Joan.
 Toxicologic Pathology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Toxicology. The journal's editor is John R. Foster (AstraZeneca R&D). It has been in publication since 1972 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Society of Toxicologic Pathology.
 City of Gold and other stories from the Old Testament is a collection of 33 Old Testament Bible stories retold for children by Peter Dickinson illustrated by Michael Foreman and published by Gollancz in 1980.
 Slepi potnik is a novel by Slovenian author Dušan Merc (sl). It was first published in 1999.
 Guided Tour is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Tor Books in 1988. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Astounding Planet Stories Analog Science Fiction and Fact Future Science Fiction Stories If Galaxy Science Fiction Imagination Fantastic Universe and Fantastic Story Magazine.
 The Michigan Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Mich. L. Rev.) is an American law review established in 1902 after Gustavus Ohlinger a student in the Law Department (now the Law School) of the University of Michigan approached the dean with a proposal for a law journal. The Michigan Law Review was originally intended as a forum in which the faculty of the Law Department could publish its legal scholarship.
 From the Observatory is the title of the English-language translation of Prosa del observatorio a book of text and photographs by Julio Cortázar originally published in Spanish in 1972. The photographs depict the observatories of Maharajah Jai Singh; the text largely in prose but with sections in verse ranges meditatively over a number of matters including eels.
 Reserved for the Cat (2007) is a novel by Mercedes Lackey part of her Elemental Masters series. It is set in England and is based on the fairy tale Puss In Boots.
 Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz (1939) is the thirty-third in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the nineteenth and last written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was illustrated by John R. Neill. The phrase The Wizard of Oz was included in the title to coincide with the MGM film The Wizard of Oz which was released the same year the book was published. As such the focus of the story is on characters who appeared in the first book.
 Wishing Moon by Michael O. Tunnell is a modern-style Arabian fantasy for children. It was published in New York in 2004 by Dutton Children's Books.
 Europe Central (2005) is a novel by William T. Vollmann that won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.It is set in central Europe during the 20th century and examines a vast array of characters ranging from generals to martyrs officers to poets traitors to artists and musicians. It deals with the moral decisions made by people in the most testing of times and offers a perspective on human actions during wartime.
 The Snowflakes Sail Gently Down is a poem by Nigerian writer Gabriel Okara. It contemplates its speaker's feelings on having left Africa and its culture.The snow flakes sail gentlydown from the misty eye of the skyand fall lightly lightly on thewinter-weary elms.
 Useless Beauty is a short story by the French writer Guy de Maupassant. The story was featured in Original Short Stories Volume 6 of 13 published by Alfred A. Knopf in New York in 1926.
 Dzienniki gwiazdowe is a 1957 collection of short stories by Polish writer Stanisław Lem expanded in 1971 around the character of space traveller Ijon Tichy. The collection was published in English in two volumes The Star Diaries (published New York 1976) and Memoirs of a Space Traveller (published London 1982).
 The Wonderful Adventures of Nils (orig. Nils Holgerssons underbara resa genom Sverige Nils Holgersson's wonderful journey across Sweden) is a work of fiction by the Swedish author Selma Lagerlöf. It was published in two books The Wonderful Adventures of Nils in 1906 and Further Adventures of Nils in 1907.
 Il Riformista was an Italian political and financial newspaper based in Rome Italy.
 Cotinga is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal of ornithology published by the Neotropical Bird Club. It was established in 1994 and covers the field of neotropical ornithology and bird conservation in South America Central America from Mexico to Panama and the islands of the Caribbean.
 Plant Teacher is a 2011 novel by Ellen Alderton writing as Caroline Alethia. It has been recognized by various indie awards including finalist in the International Book Awards runner up in the Green Book Festival honorable mention in the Hollywood Book Festival honorable mention in the Paris Book Festival and honorable mention in the Halloween Book Festival.
 Biznesi is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Journal de St.-Pétersbourg or Journal de Saint-Pétersbourg was a French-language newspaper published in Saint Petersburg Russia with varying periodicity and some interruptions from 1825 to 1914. For at least some of this period it was an official or semi-official organ of the Russian Foreign Ministry.
 Ghosts of Eden is a 2005 horror novel written by T. M. Gray. It is Gray's third published novel.
 Creationism's Trojan Horse: The Wedge of Intelligent Design is a 2004 book by Barbara Forrest and Paul R. Gross on the origins of intelligent design specifically the Discovery Institute's Center for the Renewal of Science and Culture and its wedge strategy.
 Narva Postiljon is a weekly newspaper published in Narva Estonia since 2004.
 The Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix was a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Scott Lobdell drawn by Gene Ha and published by Marvel Comics in 1994. It is important in revealing much of the back story for the character Cable much of which had been implied before but was still shrouded in mystery and uncertainty.
 The Veiled Image at Sais (Das verschleierte Bild zu Saïs) is a 1795 ballad by Friedrich Schiller using ancient Greek Egyptian and biblical motifs.
 Monkey Hunting is a 2003 novel by Cristina García.
 The Boy Who Came Back From Heaven is a book about the near-death experience of Alex Malarkey. He claimed to see heaven after he was involved in a traffic accident in 2004. He also claimed to see his father Kevin Malarkey caught by an angel and kept from harm as Kevin was thrown from the car by the force of the accident.
 Steel Gauntlet is the third novel of the military science fiction StarFist Saga written by David Sherman and Dan Cragg.In Steel Gauntlet St. Cyr a maniacal sadist who has reinvented the doctrine of armored warfare has taken control of the planet Diamunde and 34th FIST is deployed as part of a larger force in a full-scale war to remove him from power. The Marines are to make an opposed landing establish a planethead and hold for relief by the army.
 Britain's Everyday Heroes is a book by former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown about thirty-three ordinary people whose willing commitment to a cause or a community has informed and inspired Brown. It was published by Mainstream Publishing on 24 July 2007 less than a month after Brown became Prime Minister.The book was produced in conjunction with East London charity Community Links who will receive all royalties from sales.
 The Cape Breton Post is the only daily newspaper published on Cape Breton Island. Based in Sydney Nova Scotia it specializes in local coverage of news events and sports from communities in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality and the counties of Inverness Richmond and Victoria.The paper is currently owned by TC Transcontinental and draws upon its correspondents as well as the Canadian Press news agency for national and international coverage.
 A Light in the Window is a novel written by American author Jan Karon. It is book two of The Mitford Years series. The first edition (ISBN 0-7459-2803-X) was published in hardcover format by Doubleday in 1994.
 Anatomy of Restlessness was published in 1997 and is a collection of unpublished essays articles short stories and travel tales. This collection spans the twenty years of Bruce Chatwin's career as a writer. This book was brought together by Jan Borm and Matthew Graves following the death of Chatwin in 1989.
 Longer Views is a 1996 collection of extended essays by author professor and critic Samuel R. Delany.
 Ateş (English: Fire) was a Turkish newspaper. It was published from 1995 to 1999. It had been acquired in August 1998 from Dinç Bilgin's Sabah group by Korkmaz Yiğit.
 Arsenic and Old Lace is a play by the American playwright Joseph Kesselring written in 1939. It has become best known through the film adaptation starring Cary Grant and directed by Frank Capra. The play was directed by Bretaigne Windust and opened on January 10 1941. On September 25 1943 the play moved to the Hudson Theater.
 Science Signaling is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published weekly by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). The editor-in-chief is Michael B. Yaffe (Massachusetts Institute of Technology).
 Lodown Magazine is an independent magazine for popular culture and boardsports.The magazine is published in landscape format and each episode has a unique design and font.
 Neon Tommy is the online news publication sponsored by the Annenberg School for Communication & Journalism at the University of Southern California USA.
 Threshold is a science fiction novel written by David R. Palmer and published by Bantam Spectra in December 1985. It was his second book published following Emergence and was intended to be the first book of the To Halt Armageddon trilogy.
 Molecular Ecology is a twice monthly scientific journal covering investigations that use molecular genetic techniques to address questions in ecology evolution behavior and conservation. Molecular Ecology is published by Wiley-Blackwell.Harry Smith is the founding editor in chief while Loren Rieseberg is the current one. Its 2010 impact factor is 6.457.
 Note: This book is also called The Wayfarer Redemption (which confusingly is also the name of the second series).Battleaxe by Australian fantasy author Sara Douglass is the first novel in the Axis Trilogy. This first book revolves around Axis Battleaxe of the Axe-Wielders and Faraday daughter of Earl Isend of Skarabost. Their lives are forever changed by a prophecy and by meeting each other.
 Drum Girls & Dangerous Pie is a book aimed at children and young teenagers and was the 2004 debut novel from author Jordan Sonnenblick originally published by DayBlue Insights and later by Scholastic. Publishers Weekly described it as insightful.Sonnenblick an English teacher and former student of author Frank McCourt was inspired to write the novel by the real-life story of one of his own students.
 El Diario is a newspaper of Bolivia published in La Paz. Founded in 1904 it is Bolivia's oldest newspaper currently still published. The newspaper traditionally published a conservative position in line with its founders the Carrasco family one of La Paz's most influential families of the 20th century.
 What A Piece of Work I Am (A Confabulation) is a novel by Eric Kraft. It is part of his ongoing project of interconnected fiction The Personal History Adventures Experiences and Observations of Peter Leroy. The novel is narrated by Leroy but mainly concerns his boyhood crush and sultry muse Ariane Lodkcochnikov.
 The Faithful Spy is a novel by New York Times reporter Alex Berenson. The novel won an Edgar award for Best First novel.[citation needed] It was published in 2006 by Random House and deals with the September 11th terrorist attacks.
 Uneasy Money is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on March 17 1916 by D. Appleton & Company New York and in the United Kingdom on October 4 1917 by Methuen & Co. London. The story had earlier been serialised in the U.S in the Saturday Evening Post from December 1915 and in the UK in the Strand Magazine starting December 1916.
 Lyddie is a 1991 novel by Katherine Paterson. Set in the 19th century this is a story of determination and personal growth. When thirteen-year-old Lyddie and her younger brother are hired out as servants to help pay off their family's debts Lyddie is determined to find a way to reunite her family.
 Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall is a 1902 historical novel written by Charles Major. Following the life and romances of Dorothy Vernon in Elizabethan England the novel became the year's third most successful novel according to the The Bookman annual list of bestselling novels. The novel was Charles Major's third and his second bestseller following When Knighthood Was in Flower.A 1903 play and a 1924 film are based on the novel.
 Hatsofe B'Erez Hachadosho (1871–1876) was the first Hebrew periodical in the United States. It was compiled and published by Zev Hirsch Bernstein. It contained Jewish and general current events of local national and international interest essays poetry history biography and rabbinics.
 Qué! is a free daily newspaper published by Factoría de Información in Spain. It is available from Monday to Friday each week in several regions across Spain.
 Leaving the Atocha Station (2011) is the debut novel by American poet and critic Ben Lerner. It won the 2011 Believer Book Award.
 Undaunted Courage: Meriwether Lewis Thomas Jefferson and the Opening of the American West (ISBN 0684811073) written by Stephen Ambrose is a 1996 biography of Meriwether Lewis of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. The book is based on journals and letters written by Lewis Clark Thomas Jefferson and many others.
 Piedra de Sol (Sunstone) is a poem by Octavio Paz written in 1957. It was praised as a magnificent example of surrealist poetry in the presentation speech of his Nobel Prize. It is a circular poem based on the circular Aztec calendar and consists of a single cyclical sentence reflecting the synodic period of the planet Venus. The poem has 584 corresponding to this 584-days period.
 The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith is a novel by the Australian writer Peter Carey. It was first published by the University of Queensland Press in Australia and Faber & Faber in the United Kingdom in 1994. Subsequent editions and translations have appeared in the United States France Germany and elsewhere.
 Green Lantern: Emerald Dawn is a 1989-1990 limited series comic book published by DC Comics. The series retold the origins of Hal Jordan and how he became a Green Lantern in post-Crisis continuity. It is created by Keith Giffen and Gerard Jones with the first issue written by Jim Owsley.
 Here My Home Once Stood: A Holocaust Memoir (ISBN 0-615-21703-6) is a 2008 World War II memoir told in Russian by Moyshe Rekhtman and transcribed translated and written by his grandson Phil Shpilberg.As a fourteen-year-old Jewish boy who had rarely ventured outside his small remote village Moyshe Rekhtman may seem an unlikely escape artist. But his iron will and quick wit allowed him to survive when all seemed lost.
 Masters of Evolution is a 1959 science fiction novel by Damon Knight. It first appeared in 1954 in Galaxy Science Fiction as the novella Natural State. Knight subsequently expanded the text by about 5000 words and the longer version was published by Ace Books in 1959 as Masters of Evolution in a dos-a-dos paperback that included George O. Smith's Fire in the Heavens (Ace Double D-375).
 The United Daily News (Chinese: 聯合報; pinyin: Liánhé Bào; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Liân-ha̍p-pò) is a newspaper published in the Taiwan in both Traditional and Simplified Chinese. It is one of the three biggest newspapers in Taiwan the other two being the China Times and the Liberty Times.
 I Just Make Them Up See! is a comic poem by Isaac Asimov written in 1957. The poem is a monologue from a fan asking Asimov how he comes up with his ideas. The question is not answered in the poem but rather the title itself: I Just Make Them Up See!It was collected in the anthologies Nine Tomorrows and The Best Science Fiction of Isaac Asimov.
 Penguin: Pain and Prejudice is a limited comic book series written by Gregg Hurwitz and published by DC Comics. IGN rated its individual issues between 8.0 and 9.0 out of 10.
 Nash Sovremennik (Наш современник Our Contemporary) is a Russian literary magazine founded in 1956 as a continuation of the Yearly Almanac.
 The Puzzle Palace is a book written by James Bamford and published in 1982. It is the first major popular work devoted entirely to the history and workings of the National Security Agency a United States intelligence organization. The title refers to a nickname for the NSA which is headquartered in Fort Meade Maryland. In addition to describing the role of the NSA and explaining how it was organized the book exposed details of a massive eavesdropping operation called Operation Shamrock.
 Talking God is the ninth crime fiction novel in the Joe Leaphorn / Jim Chee Navajo Tribal Police series by Tony Hillerman published in 1989. Unlike many of Hillerman's previous works a considerable portion of the book takes place in Washington D.C. rather than in the American Southwest.The cover art of some copies of the book include a picture of a scene from Washington D.C..The book also makes many references to Chile.
 The Art of Transformation (ISBN 9781933966007) is a 2006 book by former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Nancy Desmond.
 Uncanny X-Men originally published as The X-Men is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics since 1963 and is the longest-running series in the X-Men franchise. It featured the adventures of the eponymous group of mutant superheroes a group of teenagers led and taught by Professor Xavier.The title was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby met with a lukewarm reception and was eventually cancelled in 1970.
 Flush is a young adult novel by Carl Hiaasen first published in 2005 and set in Hiaasen's native Florida. It is his second young adult novel after Hoot. The plot is similar to Hoot but it doesn't have the same cast and is not a continuation.
 City of Bones is a young-adult fantasy book in the New York Times bestselling The Mortal Instruments series a young adult urban fantasy series set in New York City written by Cassandra Clare. The novel has been released in several languages including Hebrew German Italian French Portuguese and Spanish.
 Looking East to Look West: Lee Kuan Yew's Mission India won India's most prestigious literary non-fiction prize the Vodafone Crossword Book Award for 2009. Written by Sunanda K. Datta-Ray the book is a profound and intricate analytic-history of India's first major foreign policy innovation since Non-alignment: the Look East policy. The policy began according to Datta-Ray during P.V. Narasimha Rao's tenure as Prime Minister of India.
 Bad Business is a detective novel by Robert B. Parker first published in 2004. It features Parker's most famous creation Boston-based private investigator Spenser and is the 31st novel in the series. In this novel Spenser is hired by a wealthy women to gather evidence on her husband's infidelity. Soon due to Spenser's investigation homicides start occurring.
 Kvinnheringen is the local newspaper for the county of Kvinnherad in Western Norway. It was founded and first released in 1973 and today has a circulation of approx. 5000. It is released on a tri-weekly basis on Mondays Wednesdays and Fridays. In addition to its hard copy circulation the newspaper also delivers its paper digitally to readers in the entire world. It also has a strong Facebook following with more than 3000 members almost 60% of its total circulation.
 Father Goose: His Book is a collection of nonsense poetry for children written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by W. W. Denslow and first published in 1899. Though generally neglected a century later the book was a groundbreaking sensation in its own era; once America's best-selling children's book and L. Frank Baum's first success Father Goose laid a foundation for the writing career that soon led to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and all of Baum's later work.
 Total Film is a UK-based film magazine published 13 times a year (every four weeks) by Future Publishing. The magazine was launched in 1997 and offers cinema DVD and Blu-ray news reviews and features. Total Film is available both in print and interactive iPad editions.
 The Secret Scripture is a 2008 novel written by Irish writer Sebastian Barry.
 Welcome to the Monkey House is an assortment of short stories written by Kurt Vonnegut first published in August 1968. The stories range from war-time epics to futuristic thrillers given with satire and Vonnegut's unique edge. The stories are often inter-twined and convey the same underlying messages on human nature and present society.
 Open House was a 2000 novel by U.S. author Elizabeth Berg. It was also an Oprah's Book Club selection in 2000.
 The Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security is a comprehensive work on Cryptography for both information security professionals and experts in the fields of Computer Science Applied Mathematics Engineering Information Theory Data Encryption etc. It consists of 460 articles in alphabetical order and is available electronically and in print.
 The Anthropological Journal of European Cultures is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1990 as the Anthropological Yearbook of European Cultures. It obtained its current title in 2008 when it became published by Berghahn Books. The journal covers research addressing the cultural and social changes of the societies in contemporary Europe. The editor-in-chief is Ullrich Kockel (University of Ulster Northern Ireland).
 Trade Lines is a pennysaver-style free weekly newspaper consisting exclusively of classified and display advertising. It has been serving selected markets in Berrien and Van Burren counties in southwestern Michigan since 1949.Trade Lines is distributed weekly each Monday to 44000 households in the communities of Baroda Benton Harbor Berrien Springs Berrien Center Bridgman Coloma Eau Claire Riverside St.
 Sawt al Jamahir (Arabic صوت الجماهير meaning Voice of the Masses) was a monthly newspaper published by the Iraqi-controlled Arab Liberation Front (ALF) a small right-wing radical faction within the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO). It was edited by the ALF's Secretary-General Rakad Salem and was believed to have been funded by the Iraqi government. It was unclear if publication continues after the fall of the Iraqi government in 2003.
 JOM is a technical trade magazine devoted to exploring the many aspects of materials science and engineering published monthly by The Minerals Metals & Materials Society (TMS) (a member-based professional society). JOM reports scholarly work that explores the state-of-the-art processing fabrication design and application of metals ceramics plastics composites and other materials.
 This article is about the 2002 novel; For other uses see Yacoubian BuildingFor the film of the same name see The Yacoubian Building (film).The Yacoubian Building (Arabic: عمارة يعقوبيان‎ ʿImārat Yaʿqūbīān) is a novel by Egyptian author Alaa-Al-Aswany.
 The Chicagoan was an American magazine modeled after the New Yorker published from June 1926 until April 1935. Focusing on the cultural life of the city of Chicago each issue of the Chicagoan contained art music and drama reviews profiles of personalities and institutions commentaries on the local scene and editorials along with cartoons and original art.
 Tibet Sun is an English-language news website focusing on Tibet and the Tibetan people world news opinions essays and photography from other media. It was founded and produced by Lobsang Wangyal in 2008 and is based in Dharamshala India. Lobsang conceived the idea of Tibet Sun in 1999 but got the domain in 2004 after chasing the parked domain for two years.
 The Valley News (and Sunday Valley News) is a seven-day morning daily newspaper based in Lebanon New Hampshire covering the Upper Valley region of New Hampshire and Vermont.Although the newspaper's offices and presses are in Lebanon its mailing address is a post office box in nearby White River Junction Vermont. The newspaper covers communities on both sides of the Connecticut River which forms the state line.The paper was founded in 1952 by Allan Churchill Butler.
 Sacred Country is a novel by English author Rose Tremain it was published in 1992 by Sinclair Stevenson and won both the James Tait Black Memorial Prize and Prix Femina Etranger. It has been compared to Virginia Woolf's Orlando.
 Mormon Enigma: Emma Hale Smith Prophet's Wife Elect Lady Polygamy's Foe is a biography of Emma Hale Smith wife of Joseph Smith Jr. written by Linda King Newell and Valeen Tippetts Avery.Generally accepted as a groundbreaking biography the book places Emma Smith into a context that has better explained the trials and sacrifices of the members of the early Latter Day Saint church.
 The Republican Noise Machine: Right-Wing Media and How It Corrupts Democracy is a 2004 book written by David Brock which chronicles the author's opinion of how the American right wing was able to build their media infrastructure. The book was the prelude to Brock's launching of his organization Media Matters for America.
 HIV/AIDS – Research and Palliative Care is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering HIV and its treatment. The journal was established in 2009 and is published by Dove Medical Press. It is abstracted and indexed in PubMed EMBASE EmCare and Scopus.
 Rapid Transit was a play by Lajos Egri that premiered at the Provincetown Playhouse New York in April 1927 and closed before the end of the month after 20 performances. Horace Liveright had bought and produced this work. Egri's expressionist play was translated from his original Hungarian by Gustav Davidson and Francis Edwards Faragoh and adapted by Charles Recht.
 The Canadian Journal of Neurological Sciences is a peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the Canadian Neurological Society the Canadian Neurosurgical Society the Canadian Society of Clinical Neurophysiologists and the Canadian Association of Child Neurology that collectively form the Canadian Neurological Sciences Federation. Articles are published in English with abstracts in both English and French.
 Notre Voie (formerly known as La Voie) is an Ivorian newspaper founded in 1991. Its reporters have been the subject of several high-profile criminal trials and its editor Freedom Neruda was named a World Press Freedom Hero for his work with the paper.
 General Anthropology is edited by Dave McCurdy and Patricia C. Rice. It is published in May and November for the American Anthropological Association. It publishes information in the fields of anthropology and applied anthropology.
 The Necromancer is a comic book published by the Top Cow imprint of Image Comics.The comic is written by science fiction author turned comic writer Joshua Ortega with art on the first series by Francis Manapul.
 Hotel World is a postmodern novel with influences from modernist novel written by Ali Smith portraying the stages of grief in relation to the passage of time. It won both the Scottish Arts Council Book Award (2001) and the Encore Award (2002).
 The Price Is Right LIVE! is a staged production show based on the television game show The Price Is Right.The live stage shows are held at Caesars Entertainment casinos as well as the Foxwoods Resort & Casino in Connecticut and the Seminole Casino Coconut Creek in Coconut Creek Florida. The show also briefly ran at two Atlantic City casinos in 2005 2006 2011 and 2012. The show ran at the Welk Resort in Branson Missouri in 2012. They are produced in association with FremantleMedia.
 Snakes in Suits: When Psychopaths Go to Work is a book by industrial psychologist Paul Babiak and psychopathy expert Robert D. Hare. The text was published by HarperBusiness on May 9 2006.
 The Vampire Lestat (1985) is a Vampire novel by Anne Rice and the second in her Vampire Chronicles following Interview with the Vampire. The story is told from the point of view of Lestat as narrator and several events in the two books appear to contradict each other allowing the reader to decide which version of events they believe to be accurate.
 Nasisten ('The Nazi') was a National Socialist weekly newspaper published from Malmö Sweden between September 1933 and April 1934. It carried the by-line 'Organ for the National Socialists of southern Sweden'. J. Levin was the editor of Nasisten.When a first issue of Nasisten was published in September 1933 it was aligned with the National Socialist League.
 Naturwissenschaften The Science of Nature is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering all aspects of the natural sciences relating to questions of biological significance.
 The Stone of the Witch Queen is a fantasy story written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series. It was first published in the magazine Weirdbook for fall 1977. Chronologically The Stone of the Witch Queen is the fifth of de Camp's Pusadian tales and the third to feature his protagonist Gezun of Lorsk.
 Language Documentation & Conservation is a peer-reviewed open-access academic journal covering all topics related to language documentation and conservation including the goals of data management field-work methods ethics orthography design reference grammar design lexicography methods of assessing ethnolinguistic vitality archiving matters language planning areal survey reports short field reports on underdocumented or endangered languages reports on language maintenance preservation and revitalization efforts plus reviews of software hardware and books.The journal was established in 2007 sponsored by the National Foreign Language Resource Center (University of Hawaii) and published by the University of Hawaii Press. 
 Ashoka The Great is a fictional biography of the emperor Ashoka. It was originally written in Dutch in the form of a trilogy by Wytze Keuning in 1937-1947. These were translated into English and combined into a single volume by J.E.Steur.
 Mr. Monk and the Two Assistants is the fourth novel based on the television series Monk by Lee Goldberg. It is the first Monk novel to be published in hardcover on July 3 2007. The paperback edition was released on January 2 2008.
 Aji Ichi Monme (味いちもんめ A Pinch of Seasoning) is a cooking manga written by Zenta Abe and illustrated by Yoshimi Kurata. It was published by Shogakukan in Big Comic Superior from 1986 to 1999 and collected in 33 bound volumes. The series chronicles the lives of the staff and customers of a restaurant called Fujimura owned by veteran chef Kumano. It received the 1999 Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen manga.Chapters of Aji Ichi Monme were reprinted in Mangajin.
 Acta Oncologica is the official journal of the five Nordic oncological societies. The members of the editorial committee represent these societies.Acta Oncologica is a scientific medical journal within clinical oncology and related disciplines. It accepts articles within all fields of clinical cancer research from applied basic research to cancer nursing and psychological aspects of cancer.
 SchoolArts is a peer-reviewed professional magazine devoted to art education. It is written by and for art teachers.
 Le fils de la femme male is a novel by Ivorian author Maurice Bandaman. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 1993.
 The Future of an Illusion (German: Die Zukunft einer Illusion) is a 1927 book by Sigmund Freud. It describes his interpretation of religion's origins development psychoanalysis and its future. Freud viewed religion as a false belief system.
 Deaf Sentence (2008) is a novel by British author David Lodge.
 Mikroglottika - An International Journal of Minority Language Philologies is a linguistic journal about minority languages. Mikroglottika's goal is to promote the study of the philology phonology syntax and lexicon of minority languages and constructive linguistic studies.
 The River Why is a 1983 novel by David James Duncan. While it initially starts off as a fishing story The River Why turns into the story of a young person struggling to come to grips with the modern world.
 Bat-Manga!: The Secret History of Batman in Japan is a 2008 book published by Pantheon Books subsidiary of Random House in the United States. The book was designed by Chip Kidd with the assistance of photographer Geoff Spear. It collects a Japanese shōnen manga adaptation of the American comic book series Batman by Jiro Kuwata simply entitled Batman (バットマン Battoman) and also includes photographs of vintage Batman toys from Japan.
 The Secret of the Third Watch is book 7 of the Race Against Time series written by J. J. Fortune.
 Statistics in Medicine is a peer-reviewed statistics journal published by Wiley.Established in 1982 the journal publishes articles on medical statistics.The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and SCOPUS.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.02 and its 2009 impact factor was 1.990.
 A Wizard Alone is the sixth book in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane. It is the sequel to The Wizard's Dilemma.
 Dead Man's Ransom is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters first of four novels set in the disruptive year of 1141. It is the ninth in the Cadfael Chronicles and was first published in 1984 (1984 in literature).The book was adapted for BBC Radio 4 in 1995.The Sheriff of Shropshire is wounded and taken prisoner by Welsh on the side of Empress Maud. His return requires an exchange bringing two lively young Welshmen into the castle where the Sheriff's daughter resides.
 The Voyage of QV66 is a children's novel by Penelope Lively. It is set in a strange flooded somewhat post-apocalyptic England devoid of people and centres around a group of animals consisting of a dog a cat a cow a horse a pigeon and a mysterious character named Stanley.
 A study on Kamrupi is a book on Kamrupi language written by noted author Upendranath Goswami. It gives detail account of origin and development of Kamrupi language spanning a period of early first millennium CE to modern times. It discusses the growth of Kamrupi literature from its apabhramsa stage in form of copper plates seals Charyapada to literature developed in mid twentieth century.
 Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide is a book-format collection of movie capsule reviews that began in 1969 and has been updated yearly since 1978.[citation needed] It was originally called TV Movies which became Leonard Maltin's TV Movies and Video Guide which then became Leonard Maltin's Movie and Video Guide before arriving at its current title. Leonard Maltin edits it and contributes a large portion of its reviews.
 Return To Eden is a 1988 science fiction novel by American writer Harry Harrison.The novel is the third and final volume in Harrison's Eden. The first two stories of the trilogy are West of Eden and Winter in Eden.The novel tells an alternate history of planet Earth in which the extinction of the dinosaurs never occurred.
 Time Stands Still is a play written by the Pulitzer Prize winner Donald Margulies and directed by Tony Award winner Daniel J. Sullivan about changing relationships and developing social issues. It was nominated for two Tony Awards for Best Play and Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Play for Laura Linney.
 The Gazette is the official newspaper of Memorial University of Newfoundland located in St. John's Newfoundland.
 Radio World is a trade journal published by NewBay Media targeted at radio broadcast executives and operations personnel in World Wide. Multiple editions are published for the United states Canada Europe the Middle East Africa Asia and the Caribbean in Spanish Portuguese and French. Columnist range from broadcast industry consultants to legal counsel specializing in the broadcast industry.Sister publications includes TV Technology Videography Government Video TVB and DV.com.
 The Two Faces of January (1964) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.
 The Rod of Seven Parts is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Advances in High Energy Physics a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal publishing research on physics. It is published irregularly by Hindawi Publishing Corporation. The journal was established in 2007 and publishes original research articles as well as review articles in all fields of high energy physics. The journal is dedicated to both theoretical and experimental research.
 The Journal Record is a daily business and legal newspaper based in Oklahoma City Oklahoma. Its offices are in downtown Oklahoma City with bureaus at the Oklahoma State Capitol and in Tulsa.The Journal Record began publication in 1937 though an early predecessor of the newspaper the Daily Legal News was first published in Oklahoma City on August 27 1903.
 India's Global Powerhouses - How They Are Taking on the World is a 2009 book by Nirmalya Kumar. The book discusses the success of some of the largest commercial companies in India.
 Big Toys is a 1977 Australian play by Patrick White.The original production was by the Old Tote Theatre Company. The cast was Max Cullen Arthur Dignam and Kate Fitzpatrick and it was directed by Jim Sharman.
 Global Education Magazine is a quarterly journal formed in 2012 by a group of cognitive analysts. The journal focuses on global education. Each edition has a different theme published on specified days by the United Nations to address issues such as violence poverty health or refugees.
 Wonder Stories was an early American science fiction magazine which was published under several titles from 1929 to 1955. It was founded by Hugo Gernsback in 1929 after he had lost control of his first science fiction magazine Amazing Stories when his media company Experimenter Publishing went bankrupt.
 Animal Dreams is a 1990 novel by Barbara Kingsolver. A woman named Cosima Codi Noline returns to her hometown of Grace Arizona to help her aging father who is slowly losing his struggle with Alzheimer's disease. She takes a biology teacher position at the local high school and lives with her old high school friend Emelina. Animal Dreams features Kingsolver's trademark—alternating perspectives throughout the novel.
 What My Girlfriend Doesn't Know (2007) is a novel in verse by Sonya Sones. The free verse novel follows ninth-grader Robin as he struggles with being an outsider at his high school and dealing with the joys of having a girlfriend Sophie and seeing his artistic talent recognized by his teacher and parents.
 Harper's Magazine (also called Harper's) is a monthly magazine of literature politics culture finance and the arts. Launched in June 1850 it is the second-oldest continuously published monthly magazine in the U.S. (Scientific American is the oldest). The current editor is Ellen Rosenbush who replaced Roger Hodge in January 2010. Harper's Magazine has won many National Magazine Awards.
 Wide Sargasso Sea is a 1966 postcolonial novel by Dominica-born British author Jean Rhys who had lived in obscurity after her previous work Good Morning Midnight was published in 1939. Wide Sargasso Sea 're-noticed' Rhys and became her most successful novel.The novel is prequel to Charlotte Brontë's famous 1847 novel Jane Eyre.
 The Sword of Destiny (Polish original title: Miecz przeznaczenia) is the second of the two collections of short stories (the other being The Last Wish) both preceding the main Witcher Saga. The stories were written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Sapkowski. The first Polish edition was published in 1993.
 Beauty Disrupted: A Memoir (2011) is an autobiographical book by model Carré Otis and Hugo Schwyzer.
 La Sicilia is an Italian daily newspaper for the island of Sicily. Published in Catania it is the second best-selling newspaper in Sicily.It was founded and first published in 1945 and legally registered at the court of Catania three years later.
 The Lion the Fox & the Eagle: A Story of Generals and Justice in Rwanda and Yugoslavia is a non-fiction book by Canadian journalist Carol Off. The hardcover edition was published in November 2000 by Random House Canada. The writing was favourably received and the book was short-listed for the Shaughnessy Cohen Award for Political Writing.
 Earthweek - A Diary of the Planet is a syndicated newspaper column created by Steve Newman. It is published weekly on various days by subscribing newspapers and reports on events in Earth's natural history.
 Cottage Life is a Canadian magazine focusing on cottage lifestyle content. First published in the summer of 1988 the publication features how-to articles buying guides tips and expert advice on all aspects of cottage life.The award-winning magazine is published six times a year by Cottage Life Media Inc.
 Putt's Law and the Successful Technocrat is a book credited to the pseudonym 'Archibald Putt' published in 1981. An updated edition subtitled How to Win in the Information Age was published by Wiley-IEEE Press in 2006. The book is based upon a series of articles published in Research/Development Magazine in 1976 and 1977.It proposes 'Putt's Law' and 'Putt's Corollary' which are principles of negative selection similar to The Dilbert principle by Scott Adams proposed in the 1990s.
 On Hallowed Ground is an accessory book for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game for the Planescape campaign setting.
 Token of Darkness is the eleventh novel by American author Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and is the sixth novel in the Den of Shadows. The novel was published on February 9 2010. The Raven by Edgar Allan Poe is featured in the book.
 Jack of Shadows is a novel combining elements of both science fiction and fantasy written by American author Roger Zelazny. According to him the name of the book (but not the titular character) was a homage to Jack Vance. In his introduction to the novel he mentioned that he tried to capture some of the exotic landscapes so frequent in Vance's work. Zelazny wrote it in first draft no rewrites. The novel was serialized in F&SF in 1971 and published in book form that same year.
 The Journal of Social Psychology (JSP) is a bimonthly psychology journal published by Routledge who acquired it from Heldref Publications in 2009. The journal was founded in 1929 by John Dewey and Carl Murchison. It publishes original empirical research in all areas of basic and applied social psychology. The Journal of Social Psychology was subtitled Political Racial and Differential Psychology until changing its name in 1949.
 Binbō Shimai Monogatari (貧乏姉妹物語 lit. Poor sisters story) is a manga series by Izumi Kazuto. It has been adapted into an anime series by Toei Animation and was aired in Japan from June 2006 until September 2006.
 Icon is a superhero a comic book character distributed by DC Comics. An original character from Milestone Comics he first appeared in Icon #1 (May 1993) and was created by Dwayne McDuffie and M. D. Bright.
 The Shakespeare Yearbook is an annual academic journal specializing in Shakespearean and early modern topics. It was founded by Texas A&M Professor of English Douglas A. Brooks and edited by him until his death in 2009. The yearbook has been published by Texas A&M University since 2003.The yearbook publishes thematically organized volumes: For example Shakespeare and Spain (2002) Shakespeare and the Low Countries (2004) and The Shakespeare Apocrypha (2005).
 For the Weather Report album see Mysterious Traveller.The Mysterious Traveler was an anthology radio series a magazine and a comic book. All three featured stories which ran the gamut from fantasy and science fiction to straight crime dramas of mystery and suspense.
 Hopeless Savages is a series by Oni Press written by Jen Van Meter. Thus far there have been three 4-issue miniseries (also released as trade paperbacks) and a one-shot all written by van Meter but each illustrated by a different set of artists including Christine Norrie Chynna Clugston Andi Watson Bryan Lee O'Malley and Vera Brosgol.The story follows the members of the Hopeless-Savage family.
 Originally published in serial form in the Saturday Evening Post from July 2 to August 13 1938 Mr. Moto Is So Sorry was first published in book form in 1938. It is the fourth of six Mr. Moto novels and can also be found in the omnibus Mr. Moto's Three Aces published in 1939.The Moto novels are spy fiction and adventure novels set in the Orient which in the 1930s was considered mysterious and exotic. Mr.
 Tears of the Giraffe is the second in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.
 Popular Astronomy is the bi-monthly magazine of the UK's Society for Popular Astronomy published in January March May July September and November. Before 2011 it was a quarterly publication. Before 1981 the journal was known as Hermes and earlier still it was called The Junior Astronomer.The magazine aims to present the science in plain English avoiding unnecessary jargon.
 Bury Me in a Free Land is a poem by Frances Harper an African American abolitionist and poet.Make me a grave where'er you willIn a lowly plain or a lofty hill;Make it among earth's humblest gravesBut not in a land where men are slaves.I could not rest if around my graveI heard the steps of a trembling slave;His shadow above my silent tombWould make it a place of fearful gloom.I could not rest if I heard the treadOf a coffle gang to the shambles ledAnd the mother's shriek of wild despairRise like a curse on the trembling air.I could not sleep if I saw the lashDrinking her blood at each fearful gashAnd I saw her babes torn from her breastLike trembling doves from their parent nest.I'd shudder and start if I heard the bayOf bloodhounds seizing their human preyAnd I heard the captive plead in vainAs they bound afresh his galling chain.If I saw young girls from their mother's armsBartered and sold for their youthful charmsMy eye would flash with a mournful flameMy death-paled cheek grow red with shame.I would sleep dear friends where bloated mightCan rob no man of his dearest right;My rest shall be calm in any graveWhere none can call his brother a slave.I ask no monument proud and highTo arrest the gaze of the passers-by;All that my yearning spirit cravesIs bury me not in a land of slaves.
 Dark Universe is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Daniel F. Galouye first published in 1961. It is currently in publication by Victor Gollancz Ltd as a collector's edition.The book was nominated for a Hugo award in 1962.
 The European Biophysics Journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the European Biophysical Societies Association. The journal publishes papers in the field of biophysics defining this as the study of biological phenomena using physical methods and concepts. It publishes original papers reviews and letters.
 Jinsei (人生 lit. (Human) Life) subtitled La Bonne Vie is a Japanese light novel series written by Ougyo Kawagishi and illustrated by Meruchi Nanase. As of February 2014 seven volumes have been published by Shogakukan under their Gagaga Bunko imprint. Both an anime adaptation and manga adaptation have been announced.
 Escape from Memory is a young adult novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix. It was published in 2003 by Simon & Schuster.
 Einstein's Gift is a play written by Canadian playwright Vern Thiessen in 2003. Through the recollections of Albert Einstein the play focuses on the life and career of German chemist Dr. Fritz Haber who helped improve living conditions with his work on nitrogen fixation. His work was later used by the German army to produce chlorine gas used in Second Battle of Ypres in the First World War. As Dr.
 New Zealand Local Government is a monthly trade magazine published by Mediaweb an Auckland-based company. It was published by TPL Media from 1964 to 2011 when Mediaweb purchased TPL Media.
 Abramowitz and Stegun is the informal name of a mathematical reference work edited by Milton Abramowitz and Irene Stegun of the United States National Bureau of Standards (now the National Institute of Standards and Technology).
 Socialism: An Economic and Sociological Analysis is a book by Austrian School economist and libertarian thinker Ludwig von Mises first published in German by Gustav Fischer Verlag in Jena in 1922 under the title Die Gemeinwirtschaft: Untersuchungen über den Sozialismus. It was translated into English from the second reworked German edition (Jena: Gustav Fischer Verlag 1932) by J. Kahane and published by Jonathan Cape in London in 1936.
 Eight Months on Ghazzah Street (1988) is the third novel by English author Hilary Mantel who won the Man Booker Prize in 2009. It concerns the Englishwoman Frances Shore who moves to Jeddah Saudi Arabia to live with her husband an engineer.
 Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord is a novel by Louis de Bernières first published in 1991. It is the second of his Latin American trilogy following on from The War of Don Emmanuel's Nether Parts and preceding The Troublesome Offspring of Cardinal Guzman.
 Raiders of the Nile is a novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by Minotaur Books in 2014. It is the fourteenth book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery stories set in the final decades of the Roman Republic but the second chronologically. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 Mistborn: The Hero of Ages is the third novel of Brandon Sanderson's Mistborn trilogy released on October 14 2008. It was preceded by Mistborn: The Final Empire and Mistborn: The Well of Ascension.
 Laurel's Kitchen is a vegetarian cookbook first published in 1976 that contributed to the increasing awareness of vegetarian eating in the US. Its authors were Laurel Robertson Carol Flinders and Bronwen Godfrey and its subtitle was a handbook for vegetarian cookery & nutrition. A second edition The New Laurel's Kitchen was published in 1986. It had the same subtitle and the same first two authors and Brian Ruppenthal was the new third author. The book has sold over a million copies.
 The Dhaka Courier (commonly known as the Courier) is a Bangladeshi English-language news magazine. Founded in 1984 it is the longest running English current affairs magazine in the country. Its content is largely focused on politics international affairs economics travel literature society and the arts.
 Ad Valvas is the college newspaper of the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam Netherlands. In print since 1952 it is published every Thursday during the academic year 36 times a year. In 1979 the paper acquired editorial independence and no longer had to answer to the University's Board of Directors.
 Bondage Fairies (ボンデージフェアリーズ  Bondage Fairies) is an erotic manga about highly sexual human-shaped female forest fairies with wings. It was originally a series in publisher Kubo Shoten's Young Lemon magazine in 1990 where it was titled Insect Hunter. The manga is drawn by Teruo Kakuta (pen name Kondom). The series was later published in the United States with translated English text.
 A Turn in the South is a travelogue of the American South written by Nobel Prize-winning writer V. S. Naipaul. The book was published in 1989 and is based upon the author's travels in the southern states of the United States.Naipaul has written fiction and non-fiction about life in the Caribbean India Africa and South America. In this book the subject is the U.S.A. including South Carolina Florida Mississippi et cetera.
 The Strong Breed is one of the best known plays by Wole Soyinka. It is a tragedy that ends with an individual sacrifice for the sake of the communal benefit. The play is centered on the tradition of egungun a Yoruba festival tradition in which a scapegoat of the village carries out the evil of the community and is exiled from the civilization. Eman the play's protagonist takes on the role of carrier knowing it will result in beating and exile.
 A veinte años Luz (Twenty years later Luz) is the first novel by Argentinian author Elsa Osorio first published in 1998. The English-language version of her novel My Name is Light was first published in 2003 by Bloomsbury USA.
 The Greenock Telegraph is a local daily newspaper serving Inverclyde (the council area containing the towns of Gourock Greenock and Port Glasgow) Scotland.Founded in 1857 it was the first halfpenny daily newspaper in Britain. It was for a time Greenock Telegraph and Clyde Shipping Gazette owing to the massive amount of maritime traffic moving in and out of Greenock's harbours.
 Lalla Rookh is an Oriental romance by Thomas Moore published in 1817. The title is taken from the name of the heroine of the frame tale the daughter of the 17th-century Mughal emperor Aurangzeb. The work consists of four narrative poems with a connecting tale in prose.
 Sharpe's Havoc: Richard Sharpe and the Battle of Oporto is a historical novel by Bernard Cornwell set during the Napoleonic Wars. It is the twentieth full-length novel in the series (in order of publication) and takes place between the events of Sharpe's Rifles and Sharpe's Eagle.The book is set largely in Portugal during General Arthur Wellesley's Oporto Campaign in 1809.
 Arkham's Masters of Horror is an anthology of fantasy and horror stories edited by Peter Ruber. It was released by Arkham House in an edition of approximately 4000 copies in 2000. The book includes an introductory essay by Ruber before each story and about its author. Ruber has drawn criticism from the horror/fantasy community for the hostility with which he introduces some authors within the volume - for instance his accusation that H.P.
 Curtains for Three is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1951 and itself collected in the omnibus volume Full House (Viking 1955). The book comprises three stories that first appeared in The American Magazine: The Gun with Wings (December 1949) Bullet for One (July 1948) Disguise for Murder (September 1950 as The Twisted Scarf)
 The Passion of Michel Foucault is a biography of the French philosopher Michel Foucault authored by the American philosopher James Miller. It was first published in the United States by Simon & Schuster in 1993.Within the book Miller made the claim that Foucault's experiences in the gay sadomasochism community during the time he taught at Berkeley directly influenced his political and philosophical works.
 Equal Danger (Italian title: Il contesto) is a 1971 detective novel by Leonardo Sciascia where a police inspector investigating a string of murders finds himself involved in existential political intrigues. Set in an indeterminate country this novel is informed by the corrupt politics and Mafia of Sciascia's experiences in 1970s Sicily.
 The Vagina Monologues is an episodic play written by Eve Ensler which ran at the Off Broadway Westside Theatre after a limited run at HERE Arts Center in 1996. Ensler originally starred in the production which was produced by David Stone Nina Essman Dan Markley The Araca Group Willa Shalit and the West Side Theater. When she left the play it was recast with three celebrity monologists.
 Ingrid Caven is a 2000 novel by the French writer Jean-Jacques Schuhl. It received the Prix Goncourt.
 Geophysical Journal International is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society and the Deutsche Geophysikalische Gesellschaft (German Geophysical Society). The journal published original research papers research notes letters and book reviews. It was established in 1922. The editor-in-chief is Jeannot Trampert (Utrecht University).
 Wisdom's Daughter is the final book in the Ayesha series written by Sir H. Rider Haggard published in 1923 by Doubleday Page and Company.
 The Princess Diaries Volume VIII: Princess on the Brink released in the United Kingdom as The Princess Diaries: After Eight is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2007 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the eighth novel in the series.
 Not to be confused with Reese Witherspoon's film production company Pacific Standard.Pacific Standard formerly Miller-McCune is an American magazine.
 On Giants' Shoulders was written in 1998 by Melvyn Bragg. The book was assembled after a series of interviews Bragg had with current scientists about the worlds greatest scientists such as Archimedes Isaac Newton and Einstein. Bragg who brands himself as a non-scientist conducted these interviews on BBC Radio 4 for other non-scientists.
 View from a Height is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It was the second of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction written between 1959 and 1962. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1963.The collection includes the essay By Jove! the source of the Asimov misquote describing the Solar System (besides the Sun) as Jupiter plus debris. The actual quote is 4 planets plus debris.
 Letters to Felice is a book collecting some of Franz Kafka's letters to Felice Bauer from 1912 to 1917. Schocken Books acquired these letters from Felice Bauer in 1955 in addition to roughly half of Kafka's letters to Grete Bloch Bauer's friend. Additional letters to Bloch were acquired at a later date.
 Lingvisticae Investigationes: International Journal of Linguistics and Language Resources is a peer-reviewed academic journal of linguistics published by Benjamins. The journal publishes articles book reviews and summaries of PhD theses. Lingvisticae Investigationes publishes 350 pages a year. There is usually a special issue each year. The founder and former editor-in-chief was Maurice Gross (1977–2001).
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 The International Journal of Robotics Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in the field of robotics on topics from sensors and sensory interpretations to kinematics in motion planning. The journal's editor-in-chief is John M. Hollerbach (University of Utah). It was established in 1982 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Searching for Whitopia: An Improbable Journey to the Heart of White America is a 2009 non-fiction book by Rich Benjamin.
 Commentarii de Bello Gallico (English: Notebooks about the Gallic War) is Julius Caesar's firsthand account of the Gallic Wars written as a third-person narrative. In it Caesar describes the battles and intrigues that took place in the nine years he spent fighting local armies in Gaul that opposed Roman domination.
 Okojo-san (オコジョさん) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ayumi Uno and serialized in LaLa. The chapters were collected into eight tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha and released from 1996 to 2005. The series is about an ermine living as a pet in a small apartment complex.Okojo-san was adapted into a 51-episode anime series titled Shiawase Sou no Okojo-san (しあわせソウのオコジョさん) by the Japanese animation studio Radix and aired on TV Tokyo from October 2 2001 to September 24 2002.
 Flash for Freedom! is a 1971 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the third of the Flashman novels.
 Blood Rites is the 6th book in The Dresden Files Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden.
 Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash: The Nightmare Warriors is a six-issue limited series comic book written by Jeff Katz and James Kuhoric with art by Jason Craig. The series was published by Dynamite Entertainment and DC Comics with imprint by Wildstorm beginning in August 2009 and concluding in December 2009. The Nightmare Warriors is a sequel to Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash which was published in 2007 and was itself a sequel to the 2003 film Freddy vs. Jason.
 How it happened is a 1506-word short story by the author Sir Arthur Ignatius Conan Doyle first published during the First World War at the end of what may be considered to be the Edwardian era in 1918 but Conan Doyle began writing in the Victorian era. This story is considered to be about wilful masculine pride and could also be recognised as a warning about the perils of driving at night and in an unfamiliar vehicle.
 Johnny Gone Down is second novel written by Indian Author Karan Bajaj about an Ivy League Scholar who had a bright future at NASA ahead of him but things seem to take a dramatic turn from an innocent vacation. The protagonist then partakes a series of adventures.[]
 Al Madina is an Arabic language newspaper published in Jeddah Saudi Arabia. The paper is one of the oldest newspapers published in the country.
 The Gunslinger and the Dark Man is a short story by Stephen King originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in November 1981. In 1982 The Gunslinger and the Dark Man was collected with several other stories King published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction as The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. The Gunslinger and the Dark Man formed the fifth and final chapter of the book and was slightly revised for the inclusion.
 The Parkersburg News and Sentinel is the primary newspaper in Parkersburg West Virginia United States. It was formed by the merger of the previously separate morning News and afternoon Sentinel on April 25 2009.
 Empire (2006) is a speculative fiction novel by Orson Scott Card. It tells the story of a possible second American Civil War this time between the Right Wing and Left Wing in the near future. It is the first of the two books in The Empire duet followed by Hidden Empire with the video game Shadow Complex bridging the two.
 Borderlands is a 1991 children's historical novel by author Peter Carter Originally published in the UK in 1990 as Leaving Cheyenne it is a study of the American West in 1871 as seen through the eyes of a 14-year-old boy.
 The Records of the Grand Historian (Taishi gong shu 太史公書 now usually known as the Shiji 史記 – Historical Records) is a comprehensive history of ancient China that covers a 2500-year period from the age of the legendary Yellow Emperor to the reign of Emperor Wu of Han in the 2nd century BC.
 100 People Who Are Screwing Up America (and Al Franken is #37) is a non-fiction book by Bernard Goldberg that was published in 2005. The book's central idea is to name and blame a long list of specific individuals for making the United States a far more selfish vulgar and cynical place.
 The Elements of Java Style is a book of rules of programming style in the Java computer language. The book was published by Cambridge University Press in January 2000. The book provides conventions for formatting naming documentation programming and packaging.This book is part of a series of books that include The Elements of C# Style and The Elements of C++ Style.
 The Northern News is a newspaper in Kirkland Lake Ontario Canada. It is owned and published by Sun Media.First published in 1922 as the Northern Daily News it was downsized to fit the population in the readership on June 1 2004. It had been a daily newspaper but now only publishes three times a week.On August 28 2012 the online version of Northern News was revamped to include more current events at the local regional and national level.
 Dark Forces: New Stories of Suspense and Supernatural Horror is an anthology of 23 original horror stories first published by The Viking Press in 1980 and as a paperback by Bantam Books in 1981. It was edited by New York City literary agent Kirby McCauley. Dark Forces won the World Fantasy award for best anthology/collection in 1981 and is celebrated in an essay by Christopher Golden in Horror: Another 100 Best Books edited by Stephen Jones and Kim Newman.
 Book Of Matches is a poetry book written by Simon Armitage first published in 1993 by Faber and Faber. Several poems featured in the book are studied as part of the GCSE English Literature examination in the UK.The book is written in three sections the first (Book of Matches) containing 30 short sonnets. Each is meant to be read within 20 seconds the amount of time it would take for a match to be lit and burn out.
 Airframe is a novel by American writer Michael Crichton first published in hardcover in 1996 by Knopf and as a paperback in 1997 by Ballantine Books. The plot follows Casey Singleton a quality assurance vice-president at the fictional aerospace manufacturer Norton Aircraft as she investigates an in-flight accident aboard a Norton-manufactured airliner that leaves three passengers dead and fifty-six injured.Airframe remains one of Crichton's few novels to be unadapted to film.
 Gore Vidal's 1876 is the third historical novel in his Narratives of Empire series. It was published in 1976 and details the events of a year described by Vidal himself as probably the low point in our republic's history.
 Crusade is the second book of the Destroyermen series. MatthewReddy and the crew of USS Walker (DD-163) are reunited with the destroyer USS Mahan (DD-102) and set out to fight the Grik. Reddy and Walker's marine detachment continue training the Lemurians to defend themselves and take the war to the Grik. The Grik have now taken over the ship that was chasing them the Japanese battlecruiser Amagi.
 The Country of the Blind is a short story written by H. G. Wells. It was first published in the April 1904 issue of The Strand Magazine and included in a 1911 collection of Wells's short stories The Country of the Blind and Other Stories. It is one of Wells's best known short stories and features prominently in literature dealing with blindness.Wells later revised the story with the expanded version first published by an English private printer Golden Cockerel Press in 1939.
 Justine (or The Misfortunes of Virtue or several other titles: see below) is a classic 1791 novel by Donatien Alphonse François de Sade better known as the Marquis de Sade. There is no standard edition of this text in hardcover having passed into the public domain. The text itself is often incorporated into collections of Sade's work.Justine is set just before the French Revolution in France and tells the story of a young woman who goes under the name of Therese.
 Professor Shonku is a short story collection by Satyajit Ray featuring the eponymous character Professor Shonku. It was first published in India by NewScript Publications Calcutta in 1965. Of the nine short stories that are part of the collection eight had formerly been published in various editions of the periodical magazine Sandesh and one (namely Professor Shonku o Bhoot) in Ashcharya.The collection contains seven stories to which two other were added in later editions.
 Jennifer Hecate Macbeth William McKinley and Me Elizabeth is a children's novel by E. L. Konigsburg. It was published by Atheneum Books in 1967 and next year in the UK by Macmillan under the title Jennifer Hecate Macbeth and Me.Jennifer Hecate was the author's first book published the same year as her second book From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler.
 On Pointe is a children's novel written by Lorie Ann Grover published in 2004.It was nominated for the 2006 Dorothy Canfield Fisher Children's Book Award.
 Wonka Vision was an American music magazine. It was founded in 1998 by Justin Luczejko and ceased publication in 2010.
 Život a dílo skladatele Foltýna (Life and Work of the Composer Foltýn) is an unfinished Czech novel written by Karel Čapek. It was first published posthumously in 1939. It is a fictional biography of a composer Bedřich Foltýn (pseudonym Beda Folten) who perceives himself as a genius and is hopelessly obsessed with an idea to become a great artist and to write a big opera about Biblical Judith.
 The Journal of British Cinema and Television is a triannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press in May August and December of each year. It was established in 2004. Themed issues alternate with regular issues and every issue contains papers book reviews interviews and conferences.
 The Canadian Journal of Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of physics. It was established in 1929. The journal is published monthly by the NRC Research Press and edited by Michael Steinitz (St. Francis Xavier University). It is also affiliated with the Canadian Association of Physicists.
 Journey to Jupiter is a juvenile science fiction novel the eighth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1965 and in the US by Criterion Books in 1966.
 The Green Bible is an English version of the New Revised Standard Version Bible with a focus on environmental issues and teachings. It was originally published by Harper Bibles on October 7 2008. It is a study Bible featuring essays by N.T. Wright Barbara Brown Taylor Brian McLaren Matthew Sleeth Pope John Paul II and Wendell Berry.
 Apocalypso is a novel by the British author Robert Rankin.
 Scientometrics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of scientometrics. The journal publishes original studies short communications preliminary reports review papers letters to the editor and book reviews on scientometrics. It is published by Akadémiai Kiadó and Springer Science+Business Media and was established in 1978. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.966.
 Gothic Sports is a German manga-styled book created by Anike Hage. It focuses on a young girl named Anya who is adjusting to her new school. When she tries to join various sports teams she's rejected. After she forms her own soccer team thus creating the first Gothic Lolita soccer team. It has been licensed by Tokyopop for English distribution with the first volume being released 1 July 2007. Volume 2 was released on October first and volume 3 was released on January 8 2008.
 Sp!ts pronounced Spits is a tabloid format newspaper freely distributed in trains trams and buses in the Netherlands. Its competitor is Metro.
 The Richmond Free Press is an independent newspaper in Richmond Virginia. Published on a weekly basis it is mainly targeted at the city's African-American community. Its main competitor is the Richmond Times-Dispatch owned by Berkshire Hathaway. Raymond H. Boone is the paper's founder editor and publisher.
 Summer of the Monkeys is a 1976 children's novel written by Wilson Rawls. The book was published by Doubleday (later released by Yearling Books) and was the winner of the William Allen White Book Award and the California Young Reader Medal.
 Red Cotton Night-Cap Country or Turf and Towers (1873) is a poem in blank verse by Robert Browning. It tells a story of sexual intrigue religious obsession and violent death in contemporary Paris and Normandy closely based on the true story of the death supposedly by suicide of the jewellery heir Antoine Mellerio.
 The Jukebox Queen of Malta is the second novel by American author Nicholas Rinaldi first published in 1999 by Bantam Press.
 The Banker is an English-language monthly international financial affairs publication owned by The Financial Times Ltd. and edited in London. The magazine was first published in January 1926 through founding Editor Brendan Bracken of the Financial News who went on to become the chairman of the Financial Times from 1945-1958.Since its founding the magazine has claimed a dedication to the international perspective through features interviews multi-media applications and events.
 Donald Duck Adventures was a comic book series featuring the adventures of Donald Duck and his nephews Huey Dewey and Louie.
 Science also widely referred to as Science Magazine is the academic journal of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) and is one of the world's top scientific journals.The peer-reviewed journal first published in 1880 is circulated weekly and has a print subscriber base of around 130000.
 The Hillsboro Free Press is a local weekly newspaper from Hillsboro Kansas. The paper publishes every Wednesday. It is one of two newspapers in the city the other being the Hillsboro Star-Journal.
 The Annals of the Faculty of Law in Belgrade (Serbian: Анали Правног факултета у Београду) is a peer-reviewed law review published by the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law. The editor-in-chief is Sima Avramović. The journal solicits articles contributions case and legislation comments debates and book reviews on all aspects of law and social sciences. The journal is accessible on electronic databases such as HeinOnline.
 The Silly Book is a children's book by Stoo Hample first published in 1961 and reissued in 2004. It includes silly songs silly names to call people and things silly recipes silly poems silly things to say and silly nothings. Hample's first book it was originally edited by Ursula Nordstrom.
 Underworld is an adult-themed comic strip written and drawn by the artist Kaz since 1992. It runs in many American alternative weeklies such as the New York Press and the SF Bay Guardian. It features regular characters such as Smoking Cat Sam Snuff Creep Rat Nuzzle Petit Mort and others interacting within an archetypal inner-city environment.
 The Magician: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel (often shortened to The Magician) is the second novel in the six book fantasy fiction series The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel and is the sequel to The Alchemyst. It was released on 5 June 2008 in the United Kingdom and 24 June 2008 in the United States. It was nominated for an Irish Book of the Year Award The Dublin Airport Authority Irish Children's Book of the Year – Senior Category.
 Ursule Mirouët an often overlooked novel belongs to Honoré de Balzac’s great series of 94 novels and short stories La Comédie humaine. First published in 1841 it forms part of his Scènes de la vie de province.The action of the novel takes place in Nemours though with flashbacks to Paris. It is set in the years 1829-1837.
 Scanners Live in Vain is a science fiction short story by Cordwainer Smith (pen name of Paul Linebarger) set in his Instrumentality of Mankind future history. It was originally published in the magazine Fantasy Book in 1950. It was judged by the Science Fiction Writers of America to be one of the finest short stories prior to 1965 and was included in the anthology The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume One 1929–1964.
 Machine of Death is a 2010 collection of science fiction short stories edited by Ryan North Matthew Bennardo and David Malki.All of the stories center around a device which when provided with a blood sample can identify the way a person will die. The machine relays this information by printing a short word or phrase which serves as the title of each story on a small card.
 This volume edited by Anthony Thwaite contains all of Philip Larkin's poetry published during his lifetime. It consists of the contents of The North Ship The Less Deceived The Whitsun Weddings and High Windows in their original ordering plus two appendices containing all the other poems Larkin published e.g. Aubade.
 The Journal of Biological Chemistry is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1905. Since 1925 it is published by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. It covers research in areas of biochemistry and molecular biology. The editors-in-chief are Martha Fedor and Herbert Tabor. All its articles are available free after one year of publication. In press articles are available free on its website immediately after acceptance.
 New Musical Express popularly known by the acronym NME created by Theodore Ingham is a British weekly music journalism publication published since March 1952. It started as a music newspaper and gradually moved toward a magazine format during the 1980s and 90s changing from newsprint in 1998. It was the first British paper to include a singles chart in 14 November 1952 edition. In the 1970s it became the best-selling British music newspaper.
 The Londoner was a newsletter in the style of a newspaper published by the Mayor of London and delivered free to most households in Greater London United Kingdom.In the words of the Mayor of London's office it was a newsletter for Londoners from the Mayor of London.
 Formal Aspects of Computing (FAC) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering the area of formal methods and associated topics in computer science. The editors-in-chief are Jim Woodcock and Cliff Jones. The journal is associated with BCS-FACS the British Computer Society Formal Aspects of Computing Science Specialist Group. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 1.170.
 Hayom Yom (Hebrew: היום יום‎ Today is day ...) is a calendar for the Hebrew year of 5703 (1942-3) compiled by Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson at the behest of his father-in-law Rabbi Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn in the winter of 1942.For each day the calendar prescribed sections of Chumash Tehillim and Tanya for study that day; this practice is known in Chabad-Lubavitch as Chitas (חתת).
 Swords Against the Shadowland is a fantasy novel by Robin Wayne Bailey featuring Fritz Leiber's sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. Chronologically it falls between the first and second volumes of the complete seven volume edition of Leiber's collected stories devoted to the characters. The story is a direct sequel to Ill Met in Lankhmar the last story in Swords and Deviltry and covers some of the same events as The Circle Curse the first story in Swords Against Death.
 Aruvu Rezuru: Kikaijikake no Yōseitachi (アルヴ・レズル -機械仕掛けの妖精たち- lit. Arve Rezzle: Mechanized Fairies) is a science fiction light novel series by Yū Yamaguchi that began serialization in 2011. It is released through the electronic magazine BOX-AiR an imprint run by Kodansha Box. In December 2011 it was selected out of 11 winners of the New Author Awards to become the first BOX-AiR series to be animated.
 Tintin magazine (French: Le Journal de Tintin) (Dutch: Kuifje) was a weekly Franco-Belgian comics magazine of the second half of the 20th century. Subtitled The Journal for the Youth from 7 to 77 it was one of the major publications of the Franco-Belgian comics scene and published such notable series such as Blake and Mortimer Alix and the principal title The Adventures of Tintin.
 The Tenth Man is a 1959 American play.
 Dramatical Murder (ドラマティカル マーダー Doramatikaru Mādā) styled as DRAMAtical Murder is a Japanese BL visual novel developed and published by Nitro+chiral. It was released on March 23 2012 for Windows PCs as a first press edition with a regular edition released on April 27 2012. A sequel DRAMAtical Murder re:connect (ドラマティカル マーダー リコネクト Doramatikaru Mādā Rikonekuto) was released for Windows PCs on April 26 2013. An anime adaption by studio NAZ will premiere in summer 2014.
 A Dictionary of Modern English Usage (1926) by Henry Watson Fowler (1858–1933) is a style guide to British English usage pronunciation and writing.
 Assayad is a weekly Arabic news magazine published in Lebanon. It is the first pan-Arab magazine in the country and its headquarters is in Beirut.
 Loveless (ラブレス Raburesu) is an ongoing fantasy manga by Yun Kōga. It is serialized in the Japanese magazine Monthly Comic Zero Sum by Ichijinsha and collected in eleven tankōbon as of June 2013. Kōga plans to end the manga at fifteen volumes.A 12-episode anime television series adaptation was made by J.C. Staff broadcast in a post-midnight slot on TV Asahi and ABC from April 2005 to June 2005.
 The American Hebrew was a weekly Jewish magazine published in New York City.
 The Montanan is the University of Montana's alumni magazine with a circulation of over 80000 making it the largest circulating magazine from Montana.
 Black Out is a psychological thriller by bestselling author Lisa Unger. It is a standalone novel.
 Gold Digger is a manga-style comic book series written and drawn by Fred Perry and published by Antarctic Press. Fred came up with the initial inspiration for Gold Digger during his tour of duty in the First Gulf War and released the debut oneshot in Antarctic Press' Mangazine in 1991.
 Dealer's Choice is a play by Patrick Marber first performed at the Royal National Theatre (Cottesloe) in London in February 1995 where it won both the 1995 Evening Standard Award for Best Comedy and the Writers' Guild Award for Best West End Play.It is set in a restaurant in London in the mid-1990s. The action takes place over three acts.
 The Phuket Gazette is a weekly English-language tabloid newspaper published in Phuket Thailand by The Phuket Gazette Co Ltd. in Koh Kaew. Parichart Utintu is listed as being the editor and Stephen Fein was the paper's News Editor before accepting a severance package in September 2012. The paper was established in 1993 by John Magee and Oranee Hildebrand is the Managing Director. In 2010 Christopher Husted of The Brunei Times became managing editor replacing Nicholas Davies.
 If I Forget Thee O Earth is a short story written by Arthur C. Clarke and first published in 1951 in the magazine Future. It was subsequently published as part of a short story collection in Expedition to Earth in 1953. The title is taken from Psalm 137:5—If I forget thee O Jerusalem—which consists of the writer lamenting over the destruction of Jerusalem by the Babylonian army.
 The Lincoln Conspiracy is a book by David W. Balsiger and Charles E. Sellier Jr. promoting certain conspiracy theories concerning the 1865 assassination of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln.
 Endocrine Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers endocrinology in the broadest context. Subjects of interest include: receptors and mechanism of action of hormones methodological advances in the detection and measurement of hormones; structure and chemical properties of hormones.
 A Thousand Splendid Suns is a 2007 novel by Afghan-American author Khaled Hosseini. It is his second following his bestselling 2003 debut The Kite Runner. The book which spans a period of over 50 years from the 1960s to 2003 focuses on the tumultuous lives and relationship of Mariam and Laila two Afghan women. Mariam an illegitimate child suffers from the stigma surrounding her birth and the abuse she faces throughout her marriage.
 The Western People is a weekly local newspaper published in Ballina County Mayo in the Republic of Ireland it was first published in 1883. The newspaper was part of the Thomas Crosbie Holdings group. Thomas Crosbie Holdings went into receivership in March 2013. The newspaper was acquired by Landmark Media Investments.
 Mademoiselle was a women's magazine first published in 1935 by Street and Smith and later acquired by Condé Nast Publications.Mademoiselle primarily a fashion magazine was also known for publishing short stories by noted authors such as Truman Capote Joyce Carol Oates William Faulkner Tennessee Williams James Baldwin Flannery O'Connor Paul Bowles Jane Bowles Jane Smiley Mary Gordon Paul Theroux Sue Miller Barbara Kingsolver Perri Klass Mona Simpson Alice Munro Harold Brodkey Pam Houston Jean Stafford and Susan Minot. 
 Scoliosis (ISSN 1748-7161) is an open-access peer-reviewed online-only medical journal in the field of spinal deformaties. Topics covered include the prevention and treatment of spinal deformities such as scoliosis (spinal curvature).Published by BioMed Central Scoliosis is the official journal of the Society on Scoliosis Orthopaedic and Rehabilitation Treatment and is also affiliated with the International Research Society of Spinal Deformities.
 Barking in Essex is a Black comedy play directed by Harry Burton. It is based on the 2005 script by Clive Exton and made its world premiere at the Wyndham's Theatre in September 2013.
 Science & Spirit is a discontinued American bimonthly magazine that covered scientific stories with an eye toward their spiritual implications. It was launched by the John Templeton Foundation in 1989 as a newsletter converted to a glossy magazine in 1998 then repositioned for a general readership in 2001. In 2003 it was purchased by Heldref Publications though the John Templeton Foundation continued to provide editorial support.
 The Blithedale Romance (1852) is Nathaniel Hawthorne's third major romance. In Hawthorne (1879) Henry James called it the lightest the brightest the liveliest of Hawthorne's unhumorous fictions.
 Razadarit Ayedawbon (Burmese: ရာဇာဓိရာဇ် အရေးတော်ပုံ) is a Burmese chronicle covering the history of Ramanya from 1287 to 1421. The chronicle consists of accounts of court intrigues rebellions diplomatic missions wars etc. About half of the chronicle is devoted to the reign of King Razadarit (r.
 Vinyl Cafe Notebooks: a collection of essays from The Vinyl Cafe (2010) is Stuart McLean's ninth book and each one has been a Canadian bestseller. McLean has sold over 1 million books in Canada. Unlike the other Vinyl Cafe books these are not Dave and Morley stories.Selected from 15 years of radio-show archives and re-edited by the author this eclectic essay collection provides a glimpse into the thoughtful mind at work behind The Vinyl Cafe.
